###Chapter 1: Returning With A Counterattack
“Miss Smith, you’re pregnant.” 
The doctor’s words were like a thunderclap, making the sleepy Nora Smith’s eyes widen suddenly. 
“… What?” 
How could this be?! 
Although she was nineteen years old, she had never been intimate with anyone of the opposite sex! 
However, the doctor handed her the medical report. 
“You’re already in your fourth month of pregnancy. You’re not in good health, so you won’t be able to surgically induce labor. You can only choose to give birth to the child.” 
Nora returned home in a daze. After Nora’s father gave her a stern scolding, he searched the surveillance cameras, only to find that four months ago, she was indeed staying at home obediently due to poor health, and hadn’t gone out at all! 
However, outsiders didn’t believe it. Everyone secretly mocked her: 
“Her belly is already so big, yet she’s still giving excuses and saying that she didn’t stray with some man. The Grays are so pitiful. Why do they have to be engaged to such a person?!” 
“She’s fat and ugly from the start, and neither is her family background very good. It was a few lifetimes’ worth of blessings that she could climb the social ladder by having a connection with the Grays. Now that she’s gotten herself pregnant before the wedding, surely the Grays will break off the engagement, right?” 
Amid all the speculations, Anthony Gray paid the Smiths a visit.
At that time, Nora’s belly was already bulging. At eight months of pregnancy, her belly was big enough to cover her toes. 
In the study, Nora’s father asked cautiously, “Anthony, are you thinking of breaking off the engagement?” 
Anthony gave an unexpected answer: “…No, my grandfather refuses to!” 
The Grays were a top-class rich and powerful family while they, the Smiths, were just middle-class. Even if they took the opportunity to break off the engagement, no one would be able to criticize the Grays for it. By refusing to break off the engagement, what were they after? 
The more Anthony thought about it, the angrier he became. He cursed irritably, “The sight of her pig- like face already disgusted me from the start, and now she’s even pregnant with some guy’s child. Why should I be the hero to take over the responsibility?” 
Nora’s father immediately said, “Don’t worry, Anthony. I’ll send the baby away immediately after she gives birth!” 
Nora, who had kept quiet this whole time, suddenly raised her head. 
“No.” 
In the past few months, she had gone from hesitating to being at a loss, and then to a state of reluctantly accepting reality. She could feel her child’s heartbeat more and more clearly as each day passed, and she had already long since developed feelings for it. 
The child was innocent. They mustn’t abandon it. 
She wanted an annulment! 
But it was at this exact moment that she suddenly felt waves of pain and convulsions in her abdomen. This… She was about to go into labor!! 
Five years later. 
“Mommy, wake up. The plane is taxiing.” 
The crisp voice made Nora open her eyes, upon which she immediately saw a delicate, adorable, and young face. 
Cherry Smith’s big grape-like eyes blinked, and she rested her chin on her hands. “Mommy, did we come back to the States this time to look for Daddy?” 
Nora stretched and sat up lazily in her comfortable business-class seat. She said lightly, “You don’t have a father.” 
Cherry sighed like an adult. “I’m not a three-year-old anymore. I’m not going to believe your nonsense. I don’t have a father? Surely I couldn’t have just popped out of a rock, right?” 
“…” 
Nora didn’t reply, as she tied up her shoulder-length hair. Her fair skin and sharp, pert nose, coupled with her rosy lips and graceful figure, made her a beautiful sight on the plane. 
Cherry continued to mumble dissatisfiedly, “If it isn’t to look for Daddy, then is it to find my elder brother?” 
Elder brother… 
A cold glint flashed past Nora’s downcast almond-shaped eyes. 
That year, she had actually given birth to a pair of twins—a boy and a girl. However, Nora’s father had disregarded her wishes and forcibly abandoned the two children. 
She had climbed down from the delivery bed and fought with all her strength. In spite of that, she had only managed to save Cherry. 
After that, she even went into critical condition. Had her aunt not rushed back in time and took her overseas to recuperate, she would probably have ceased to exist in the world. 
It took five years before she finally recovered. Her obesity, which was caused by the mistaken use of hormones during her childhood, was also finally cured. 
On the surface, her return to the States this time was because the Grays had finally agreed to call off the engagement, so she had come to handle the affairs. 
However, the most important thing was actually to continue looking for her child. 
Half an hour later, the plane came to a complete stop. 
Nora let Cherry sit on the suitcase. Then, she walked while pushing the suitcase forward. 
As soon as she turned on the phone, she received a call. On the other side of the line was a frivolous but lively voice. “Anti, you have to be careful!” 
Nora asked casually, “Why?” 
“Justin Hunt, the head of the number one family in the States, is currently collecting your personal information from all around the world. He’s probably not going to give up this time until he finds you!” The voice sounded a little like its owner was gloating. 
Nora said, “…Oh.” 
“Anti, you were overseas previously and weren’t in his territory, so you were able to avoid it perfectly. But now that you’ve returned, you won’t be able to escape anymore! As the most prestigious surgeon around, can’t you just treat his grandmother’s illness? 
“I heard that Justin Hunt is very generous, and is even a man so handsome that it’s hard to come by one like him. Maybe the two of you can even develop a romance that’ll move one to songs and tears!” 
Nora yawned lazily. 
The number one family was a big family with a big business. Interpersonal relationships within it were complicated. Treating the illness of someone from there might even end up involving the struggle for power and inheritance. Why would she involve herself with the open and secret fights of such top-class rich and powerful? 
She was back in the States to look for her son. She mustn’t cause any complications. 
As she approached the exit, Nora suddenly spotted a familiar figure in the arrival hall in front. She replied perfunctorily, “I’m not blessed enough to enjoy such beauty.” 
After hanging up, she tossed the phone into her pocket and cast her eyes downward coldly. 
She didn’t expect to see an old acquaintance so soon. 
A man stood at a prominent spot at the exit of the airport. He was wearing a suit and looked quite bright and cheerful. He looked a little more mature than how he had been five years ago—he turned out to be her fiancé, Anthony Gray. 
With a pick-up placard in his hand, he stood there impatiently and grumbled, “When exactly is that damned fatty coming out?” 
Behind him, his butler said, “Mr. Gray, please be patient. The old sir has specially instructed you to refrain from making things too ugly even if you are calling off the engagement.” 
Anthony frowned. He looked a little irritated. “Patience? Isn’t it more like disgust? She was so fat previously; and, she must be even fatter after she gave birth. She probably wants to save the engagement even more strongly now, right? Why am I so unlucky to become entangled with someone like that?!” 
His words reached Nora’s ears, but she didn’t bat even an eyelid. 
In the past five years, she had repeatedly brought up her desire to break off the engagement. However, neither the Smiths nor the Grays had agreed. Who exactly was entangling with whom? 
She couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to that man and intended to leave immediately with Cherry. 
After grumbling, Anthony turned—and his eyes lit up! 
The beautiful woman, who was the first to walk out of the airport, was gorgeous and unbelievably stunning. It was as if the entire airport had lit up a few notches brighter the moment she appeared. 
Seeing the woman getting closer and closer, Anthony straightened his back and neatened his luxury suit. Then, he smiled and asked confidently, “Hi beautiful, can I ask your name?” 
He was the exact picture of a male peacock with its train spread open. 
Nora paused and looked at him coolly. 
“Nora. Smith.”
###Chapter 2: An Identical Child
“Nora. Smith.” 
Cherry, whose head was originally lowered as she played a mobile game, pointed to the placard in Anthony’s hand and read out the name written on it in her young, tender voice. Then, she asked excitedly, “Did I read it correctly?” 
Cherry had grown up abroad all this time and was currently in the literacy development stage. 
Nora rubbed her head and said in a cool and melodious voice, “Yes, you did.” 
Anthony was dazzled by the casual smile at the corners of her lips. 
When did such a big beauty come to California? She was even more beautiful than those B-list celebrities! 
Nora was indifferent to the burning fervor in his eyes. Cherry, on the other hand, blinked and asked innocently, “Mister, are you here to pick…” 
Before she could say ‘…us up?’, Anthony hurriedly tossed the placard behind him and interrupted her. “Of course not, little girl. I have nothing to do with that damned fatty.” 
A touch of disdain appeared in Cherry’s big eyes. “Mister, you’re so pitiful to be blind at such a young age, sigh.” 
Which part of her mom was fat?! 
Her words stunned Anthony for a moment. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Nora stepped forward and left the area coldly.
Anthony wanted to go after her, but his assistant stopped him. “Mr. Gray, don’t forget the old sir’s instructions.” 
Anthony looked at Nora from the back and made a dissing remark. “How wonderful would it be if that ugly freak was even half as beautiful as those sisters? I would have put up with her antics from back then and decided not to call off the engagement!” 
— 
At Hotel Finest, a hotel under the Hunt Corporation. 
In the presidential suite, Nora looked at her cell phone after Cherry went to bed and fell asleep. There were already seven or eight missed calls from the Smiths. 
When she returned the calls, she heard her father’s angry cursing. “Nora, what are you doing?! Why aren’t you picking up? Weren’t you making a huge fuss about breaking off the engagement? Get your a*s back here right away, and stop wasting your younger sister and Anthony’s time when they’ve got something good going for them!” 
It was impossible for Nora’s father to let go of the Grays after climbing the social ladder and establishing a connection to such a prestigious family. This was also why he had insisted not to break off the engagement. 
Now, the Grays had finally relented and agreed to let her half-sister marry into the family instead. There was no loss in this for Nora’s father. It was only then that the two families finally reached an agreement. 
Nora said lightly, “I’ll come back now.” 
She entrusted Cherry to Mrs. Lewis, the nanny that had returned to the States with her, and went out.
When she was waiting for the elevator, she suddenly heard some soft footsteps. She turned to see a child dressed in gray silk pajamas, her short hair tousled as she stood in the elevator hall with sleepy eyes. 
Her daughter had short hair, and her exquisite, adorable facial features made it hard to distinguish whether she was a boy or a girl. 
When they were living abroad, Cherry would give Nora a hug every time she went out. 
Therefore, she didn’t think much about it. She habitually squatted down, and hugged and kissed the child on the forehead. Although her voice was low, it was gentle. 
“I’ll bring you some mousse cake tonight, baby. Go back to your room now.” 
Her daughter’s usually quick-witted eyes became dazed for a moment—she was probably so sleepy that she had turned silly. Then, under her gaze, she nodded, turned around, and walked back. 
This floor was the top luxury presidential suite, and there were only two suites in total. 
Apart from the one they were occupying, it was said that the Hunts had left the other for themselves, so it was not open to outsiders. There likely wasn’t anyone staying there at the moment. 
Ding! The elevator arrived. 
Nora went in right away. Thus, she didn’t see the door to the other presidential suite opening. 
A tall, capable, and steady figure walked out. The man’s back was to the elevator entrance. His voice was low and deep, and he had an aura around him that was hard to ignore. He ordered the child, “Go back to your room, Pete.” 
Five-year-old Pete Hunt stared in the direction of the elevator.
The soft hug and the kiss on the forehead from that lady just now had made even him, the sole grandson of the Hunts, blush uncontrollably. 
Pete’s face tensed up tightly. He had been brought up strictly ever since he was a baby. Even the nutritional value of his meals had to be calculated. 
However, a strong desire suddenly emerged in the boy who had always exercised self-control: “I want to eat mousse cake.” 
“…” 
Justin Hunt glanced at him and carried him into the room with one hand. 
Exuding an icy aura that kept people away from him, he walked over to the computer and continued the video conference. 
The person opposite him gave him their report. “Mr. Hunt, we’ve confirmed that Anti has indeed returned to the States. On top of that, we’ve just bought a photograph of her at a high price. I’ll send it to you right away.” 
Justin’s thin lips parted slightly, and he coldly spat out two words: “Find her!” 
— 
It was brightly lit at the Smiths’ villa. 
Outside the door, Nora listened to the digital lock’s “Input error” voice prompt, her lips curling up into a mocking smile. 
The password had been changed, yet she, the Smiths’ daughter, didn’t even know.
She lowered her eyes emotionlessly, raised her cell phone, and tapped it casually a few times. Then, she placed it on the digital lock. A few seconds later, the door opened with a click. 
The lively atmosphere in the living room rushed toward her, and the crowds going about made her realize that it was her younger sister, Angela Smith’s, birthday today. 
Seeing that no one had noticed her, Nora found a sofa in the corner and sat down, intending to nap for a while. 
However, a low cry came from the deck where no one was looking. 
A few youngsters had surrounded a girl and were assaulting her. 
Angela, who was wearing a blue dress, held a red wine glass and sneered as she looked at the girl that had been pushed onto the ground. 
It was her cousin, Lisa Black. She had always been on good terms with that damned fatty, Nora. 
Smack! 
Someone gave Lisa a tight slap. “Did you just say that the fatty’s facial features actually look pretty good? There must be something wrong with your eyes. I’ll treat them for you…” 
“Hiss…” 
She took a glass of water infused with hot peppers and splashed it at Lisa’s eyes. “That ugly freak looks like a pig. She can’t even compare to one of Angela’s toes! How were you even able to say that she looks pretty good, Lisa?” 
Lisa wanted to scream from the burning pain, but someone had covered her mouth, so she could only produce muffled cries as she choked with pain.
Angela suddenly squatted down. She took out a photo of Nora at her fattest and played with it in her hands. “Hey, all of you are being too rough.” 
When the others heard her, they giggled and let go of Lisa, who covered her red and swollen eyes with her hand. “Please, let me go…” 
Angela smiled. “Let’s act in a more refined manner, and make a bet.” 
Lisa’s weak voice came out of her throat. “What kind of bet?” 
Angela pointed at the photo. “If you can prove that she really is good-looking after she loses weight, I’ll eat this photo. If you can’t do it, then you’ll eat it. How does that sound? Isn’t it very fair?” 
The rest immediately laughed. 
“But what are you to do if that fatty can’t shed the pounds?” 
“For the sake of a bet, is she really going to get liposuction done just to prove that her ugliness isn’t because she’s fat? Hahaha…” 
“Lisa, you have absolutely no way of proving that she’ll look good after she slims down, so…” 
“Eat the photo! Eat the photo!” 
Everyone clapped and made a ruckus. 
Angela held the photo up in her face. “Are you going to eat it yourself, or do you want us to help you with it?”
###Chapter 3: The Children’s Father  
Angela’s eyes gleamed viciously. 
Everyone was congratulating her and cursing that damned fatty, but that little bitch Lisa actually said that Nora’s facial features weren’t ugly? 
Hah. 
Angela was about to pass the photo to Lisa when suddenly… A cool, fair, and slender arm reached over and took it away. 
With her eyes downcast, Nora casually balled up the photo and grabbed Angela’s hair. When she opened her mouth to cry out in pain, she stuffed the photo into her mouth! 
Her actions were as slick and smooth as butter. 
It was only when she tasted the bitter and unpleasant taste in her mouth that Angela finally reacted. She was about to spit it out when she heard a low and indifferent voice. “A bet’s a bet, Angela.” 
Angela’s movements suddenly froze dramatically, and she looked at her as if she had just seen a ghost. 
The girl wore a simple white shirt with jeans, which made her legs look long and her waist slender. 
Her hair was tied casually behind her, and a few trifling strands covered her neck. Her skin was as smooth as silk and was fair and clean. Her entire self was incomparably beautiful! 
That familiar voice, though… 
At the sight of the situation, the others gathered around. A boy frowned. “Who the heck are you, pretty girl? Angela is Mr. Gray’s fiancée! Aren’t you afraid of offending the Grays?” 
Nora ignored him and helped Lisa up. Seeing that the condition of her eyes wasn’t too serious even though they had turned red, she whispered, “Go and rinse your eyes with clean water.” 
Lisa bit her lip and shouted with some uncertainty, “Are you, Nora?” 
“Yeah.” 
“…” 
Everyone was stunned. They looked at her incredulously. 
Someone subconsciously spoke. “That fatty’s actually this stunning after she lost weight?” 
Everyone looked at Angela again. She was actually pretty good-looking and could be said to be rather beautiful. She had always been proud of her looks. However, in this instant, as she stood next to Nora, she instead seemed a little dull. 
The look in their eyes made Angela feel as if she had been given a few slaps across the cheek, and her face was burning hot… 
She had deliberately told the fatty to come back and annul the engagement during her birthday party just to let everyone see that she, Angela, was so much more beautiful than Nora. 
But now, she had become the joke instead! 
“What happened?” 
Nora’s father strode over with his current wife. When he saw Nora, he was taken aback. Surprised, he called out, “Nora?” 
His elder daughter was actually so beautiful after she slimmed down? 
The light in Angela’s eyes flickered at the sight. Suddenly, she broke into tears and took out the photo from her mouth. “Nora, I know you’re unhappy that Anthony is breaking off his engagement with you. You can continue to hit me…” 
Her sobs snapped their father back to reality, and he reached out to hit Nora without any warning. “Nora! Anthony is breaking off his engagement with you because of your immoral behavior and premarital pregnancy! You were the one who didn’t know better. What does your sister have to do with it?” 
Nora felt the depths of her heart turning cold. 
Five years ago, her biased father’s heartlessness had thoroughly broken her heart. 
She was about to avoid the slap when her stepmother, Wendy Simpson, unexpectedly came forward and stopped her father. “There are so many people watching, Henry. Don’t forget the more important matter.” 
The more important matter… 
Henry Smith suppressed his anger and spat, “Come upstairs with me!” 
In the study. 
Henry, Wendy, and Angela sat together. 
Nora sat opposite them. She leaned against the sofa, her eyelids drooping, making her look like a defiant madman who despised everything. However, anyone familiar with her would know that she was just sleepy. 
Henry went straight to the point. “Nora, the Grays have agreed to annul the engagement, and your sister is also going to marry into the Grays. It’s your sister’s birthday today. Why don’t you give her the
company that your mother left behind as a wedding and birthday gift?” 
Angela said eagerly, “Your premarital pregnancy has embarrassed the Smiths, and also caused the Grays to be the subject of ridicule for so many years. Take it as you’re compensating us by giving me the company!” 
Henry threw the contract that he had prepared in advance over and ordered, “This is an ownership transfer agreement. Sign it.” 
Nora’s eyes were cold. 
The Smiths had obviously been the ones who didn’t want to annul the engagement because they wanted to climb up the social ladder. The Grays had also refused to annul it for some reason. Yet everything was now her fault? 
Besides, everything that the Smiths had was left behind by her mother… Not only were they hogging the house, but they didn’t intend to spare even the company now? 
Their insatiable greed was disgusting. 
She looked up slightly, and said coolly, “No.” 
As if a cat with its tail trampled on, Angela shouted sharply, “Nora, what do you mean by that?” 
Nora glanced outside—it was getting late. She wanted to go back and sleep with Cherry, so she went to the point and said, “Calling off the engagement, okay. Wedding gift, nope.” 
Then, she stood up and walked out. 
“Stand right there, Nora!” 
Henry yelled angrily. Unfortunately, Nora turned a deaf ear to him. 
When she reached the front porch, Angela came chasing after her and blocked her path. “Tell me, Nora, do you have no intention to annul the engagement at all because you can’t bear to give up Anthony?!” 
Nora found her annoying. “Get out of the way.” 
“So, that’s really what you’re thinking! You’re so shameless!” 
Angela reached out her hand and sent it flying toward her face arrogantly and unreasonably! 
The next moment, however, Nora grabbed her wrist. 
Unable to break free, a flustered and exasperated Angela cursed angrily, “Don’t you dare think that Anthony will have a change of heart and come back to you just because you’ve become pretty! He’ll never marry a sullied woman like you who’s saddled with little bastard children, no matter what! Oh, and by the way, why didn’t you bring back that little bastard child whose father’s identity is unknown?” 
Smack! 
With all her strength, Nora returned to her a ruthless slap of her own. 
Her pupils were very dark, and she looked like a demon crawling out of hell. “Cherry is not a bastard child. If I ever hear you spouting nonsense again, I’m not holding back!” 
After leaving behind a warning, she turned and left. 
Angela’s cheek stung fiercely. She widened her eyes in shock and was so scared that she seemed to have even forgotten to cry. 
Neon lights flickered at night in California.
Nora sat in the cab with her eyes closed and rested. Light flickered on her face, shining and dimming erratically, giving off a feeling of loneliness. 
Unknown father… Little bastard child… 
These two phrases made her sigh in melancholy. 
It was still a mystery how she had become pregnant five years ago. She had no clue as to who Cherry’s father was. 
“We’re here.” The cabby’s voice interrupted Nora’s thoughts. 
She had only just alighted and entered the hotel when a row of bodyguards suddenly rushed out in front of her and stopped her at the side. “Please step aside!” 
Many people who were stopped speculated in low voices: 
“What is Mr. Hunt going out for when it’s already so late?” 
“I heard that the Hunts’ sole grandson wanted mousse cake…” 
When Nora stretched out her hand to yawn, she immediately saw a tall and noble figure striding out of the elevator with a boy about five or six years old in his arms. 
The man kept his gaze straight as he walked forward. However, when he passed by Nora, he suddenly stopped. He looked at her with a deep gaze, and said in a deep voice, “Miss Smith…” 
Nora paused mid-yawn.
###Chapter 4: The Investigation Results Are Out!
With her mouth half-open, Nora looked at Justin in astonishment. 
The man was very tall, and was a little over 6’2″. Dressed in a black bespoke suit, his legs were long and straight. 
The lavish hotel lights spilled onto his expressionless face, making his facial features appear three- dimensional and refined with a firm outline, and he gave off a sense of loftiness. 
However, the mole at the corner of his eye forcibly merged allure and coldness, adding a sense of abstinence to him. 
The little boy he was holding was also wearing a suit. He was leaning on the man’s shoulder and had buried his head into it to hide his appearance, so as to prevent the media from secretly taking photos of him and exposing information about him. 
Unfortunately, she was in no mood to appreciate his good looks. 
Had Justin Hunt… caught wind of her identity as Anti? 
She was just thinking about it when she noticed Justin frowning. In an imposing manner, he said, “Stay away from my son. Also, you’re not my type.” 
His voice was deep and melodious like a baritone hitting one’s eardrums. It made people want to hear him speak a little more, yet they were dissuaded by that chilly aura of his that reached bone-deep. 
Nora’s eyes, which had been drooping because of drowsiness, widened big and round in this instant. A question mark slowly appeared in her mind: ? 
While she was stunned, the man turned away and strode off. 
The people around looked at her all at once, and they took a step back as if she was some kind of virus while they engaged in private discussion: 
“In recent years, countless people have tried to approach Mr. Hunt by pleasing the Hunts’ sole grandson, but Mr. Hunt hates that the most!” 
“It seemed like the last woman who had dared to have ideas about the Hunts’ sole grandson had married a 60-year-old man in the end. That woman is too bold!” 
It was only when she overheard the comments that Nora finally understood what he meant. 
…Is that man out of his mind? 
Soon, Justin left the lobby. The bodyguards also withdrew, and the hotel lobby went back to normal. 
Inside the extra-long black Bentley. 
Pete had a sullen look on his face, and he made a silent protest. 
Justin frowned. 
His son’s abnormal behavior tonight had caused him to check the surveillance camera footage in the corridor. There, he saw that the woman had kissed and hugged his son. 
The problem was that for the very first time, Pete, who had always been averse to others and disliked physical contact, hadn’t resisted. 
Was it because that woman was so fair and beautiful that she was overly eye-catching?
He thought of her sheer beauty that even her simple dressing couldn’t hide, and the kind of careless wildness in her actions when she was yawning. 
And, in particular, the rejection and indifference in her cat-like eyes when she was facing him. She was unlike other women. She certainly had a few tricks up her sleeve! 
— 
At the Smiths. 
The birthday party was already over when Anthony arrived. 
Angela’s face was swollen, and a clear handprint could be seen. She applied a towel wrapped around ice as a cold compress to her cheek. In tears, she complained, “Why are you here so late, Anthony?” 
Anthony looked uncomfortable for a moment. 
On the way to the Smiths, he had taken a detour and asked a private investigator to help inquire about the beauty he saw at the airport today. 
He coughed and put on an anxious and concerned look. “What happened? Did that fatty hit you? Is she refusing to annul the engagement? Where is she? I will pay her a visit myself!” 
Pay her a visit himself… That means they’ll meet. 
For some reason, Angela thought of that aggressively beautiful face, and a sense of anxiety formed in her heart. 
If Anthony were to meet Nora, he definitely wouldn’t take a fancy to her… Right? 
Angela tightened her hold on the towel. Then, she immediately said, “Anthony, you don’t need to go in person. She just can’t bear to let go of the company. Don’t worry, I’ll make her agree.”
Anthony didn’t insist. After all, his mind was no longer here. He nodded and said with emphasis, “Without the company, Grandpa will never agree to our engagement! I’ll leave this matter to you. I don’t want to see her pig-like face, either. By the way, did she become even fatter?” 
Angela became wary. She didn’t answer but said, “Don’t meet her if you don’t want to. I’ll definitely come up with a solution about the wedding gift.” 
“Okay.” 
After leaving the Smiths, Anthony drove absentmindedly. However, his mind was completely on the woman whom he had met at the airport. He didn’t know who she was, but the air around her, and her beauty were something that he had rarely come across in his whole life. 
It’d be great if I can take her as my wife. 
As soon as the thought formed, he couldn’t curb his strong desire to see her again. 
Suddenly, he received a call from the private investigator. “Mr. Gray, I couldn’t find the identity of that beauty, but I found the hotel where she’s temporarily staying at.” 
Anthony’s eyes lit up. “Send it to me!” 
— 
When Nora reached the hotel, Cherry was already asleep. 
She went straight to the study. 
She sat on the sofa and made a call. “Solo, give me all the information about Idealian Pharmaceuticals.”
The lively voice sounded a little powerless at the moment. “Say, Anti, don’t go too far. Do you think I’m your subordinate just because I owe you my life? Don’t I, the world’s number one hacker, deserve some respect? You’re asking me to do even something as trivial as this? How about you name your price, and we call it even?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips curled upward slightly. “Sure. How much is your life worth?” 
“…” After a moment of silence, Solo said, “Fine, you win. Give me five minutes.” 
Five minutes later, Solo emailed her all the information about Idealian Pharmaceuticals. 
Idealian Pharmaceuticals was the company that her mother had left behind when she died. She was still young at that time, so the company was handed over to a dedicated manager to handle in her stead. She had never taken over the reins all this time, either. However, for the Smiths to want it so much, and even wanted her to give it to Angela as a wedding gift, there must be something fishy going on. 
She carefully looked through the information until she heard faint footsteps in the soundproof corridor. 
Disturbed by the sound, Nora frowned. Mrs. Lewis explained, “There are people staying in the presidential suite next door. I heard it’s Mr. Hunt.” 
Her cell phone beeped at this point—it was a message from Solo: “The number one family is impressive indeed. Mr. Hunt offered me a few million dollars just to know whether you’re a man or a woman. Anti, you’re done for!” 
Justin Hunt again. 
Nora cast her cat-like eyes downward slightly. Her long, slender fingers tapped a few times on the keyboard, and she replied: “Pass him a message for me.”
In the presidential suite next door. 
The tall and slender Justin sat on the sofa and leaned back. 
His assistant Lawrence Zimmer stood there respectfully. “Mr. Hunt, Solo has brought a message from Dr. Anti.” 
Justin looked up coldly. “What is it?” 
Lawrence coughed and touched his glasses. Then, he read out the message methodically. “Dr. Anti asks, ‘Mr. Hunt, are you looking for me in such a hurry because you require brain surgery?’” 
“…” 
With this, the temperature in the room dropped to a freezing point. 
After a long while, Justin finally suppressed his anger and squeezed out two words: “The! Photo!” 
Lawrence instantly understood what he meant, and he immediately brought out a photo of Dr. Anti that he had bought at a high price and handed it to him. 
Justin took it. 
He would see just who exactly the person making fun of him was! 
###Chapter 5: The Monster’s Last Name Is Hunt
The photo, which was taken half a year ago, was just a snapshot taken during one of Anti’s surgeries. 
The subject wore a surgical cap, and their body was wrapped tightly all around. All one could tell was that it was a slightly chubby woman. She was looking down, her cat-like eyes slightly downcast with a focused and serious look in them. 
Those eyes look a little familiar… 
Justin quickly dismissed the thoughts in his mind. The physique of the woman next door didn’t match. It wasn’t her. 
During this time, Mrs. Lewis was chasing Nora to bed. “Nora, because of your poor health, you usually need more sleep than others. You’re not allowed to stay up anymore…” 
Nora stretched and said in a slightly hoarse voice, “Okay.” 
Although she had recovered, her constitution was weak, and she had little energy. She needed a full twelve hours of sleep every day. 
When she was living abroad, her aunt had even nicknamed her the Queen of Sleep—because if nothing happened, she could just sleep for three days and three nights straight… 
The next day, she was woken up by the phone. She picked up the call with her eyes closed. Angela’s voice reached her. “Have you given the matter about the company any thought?” 
“…Not really.” 
In a charitable tone, Angela said, “How about this—we’ll both take a step back. I give you half a million, and you transfer the company to me. Surely you’re satisfied now?” 
Nora turned over and found a comfortable position, but still did not open her eyes. 
Idealian Pharmaceuticals’ annual net income approximated $5,000,000. All the money had been handed to her nominal guardian, Henry Smith, during all these years. 
Although the money wasn’t much, her mother’s company wasn’t to be given away so thoughtlessly! 
Angela continued sarcastically. “Does your aunt’s savings even amount to $100,000 after she’s worked so hard for so many years? That’s $500,000 we’re talking about. You’ve probably never seen that much money in your life, right?” 
“…” 
The presidential suite cost $100,000 per night. Moreover, worried that Cherry would be uncomfortable in her lodgings before they found a house, her aunt had straight-up booked a one-month-long stay. 
Indeed, she had never seen such a pittance. 
Seeing that she still wasn’t speaking, Angela changed her strategy. “Nora, you may not know this, but that company isn’t making any money at all, and is close to bankruptcy. If you transfer the company to me, there may still be a chance to turn the losses into profits!” 
Nora thought, Ha ha ha. 
Angela went on. “It’s a pharmaceutical company. Trash like you that didn’t even go to school undoubtedly know nothing about it. I’m a high-achieving medical student, and I’ve always taken first place in professional knowledge all these years. And, I’m even intending to apply as a postgraduate student at Professor Anti’s!
“Anti is the most amazing surgeon in the world, and they can perform even the most difficult operations. They are a legend in the industry! However, they’re very mysterious. The Boston University had put in a lot of thought to invite them over as a professor… 
“Why am I telling an idiot like you all this? It’s not like you understand what I’m saying! Nora, I’d advise you to quit while you’re ahead. Don’t puff yourself up at your own expense! The company will only go bankrupt faster.” 
Nora knitted her brows, a little annoyed. “…It’s too noisy.” 
An agitated Angela demanded, “What do you mean by that?” 
She threatened her fiercely. “Are you feigning ignorance because you don’t want to annul the engagement?! I’m the only one that Anthony loves, and what he values about me is also my talent in medicine! Even if I don’t get the company as a wedding gift, he’ll still marry me all the same! Seems like you want to do this the hard way, huh?!” 
“…” 
Nora hung up decisively and tossed the cell phone aside. Then, she hugged the pillow and fell into a deep sleep once more. 
As for Angela’s threats… No matter what kind of demons and monsters they were, all of them could just come over and send themselves to death’s door! 
After a full twelve hours of sleep, Nora finally got out of bed reluctantly. She decided to go to some private investigators to look for clues to her son’s whereabouts. 
Nora changed and went out.
At the door, after a very perfunctory hug with Cherry, she slowly instructed, “Don’t play games all day. Take care not to spoil your eyesight.” 
“Four kills, four kills! Oh, you’re so stupid!” Cherry’s hand tapped away quickly on the phone she was holding. When she heard her mom, she nodded without even looking up. “Okay. Don’t worry, Mommy, I’ll take care of Mrs. Lewis.” 
“…” 
She clearly wasn’t listening at all. 
Nora looked up slightly and added, “There’s a very difficult person next door. Don’t go out if you don’t have to.” 
Cherry’s eyes immediately widened with interest. “Is he a monster, Mommy?” 
With Justin’s arrogant appearance in mind, Nora, who had always been reticent in nature, said slowly, “Well, this monster is as beautiful as a woman and has a mole at the corner of his eye, but it seems that his brain isn’t working very well.” 
“Oh.” Cherry waved. “I definitely won’t go out, then. I don’t play with dummies.” 
Nora laughed. Then, she closed the door and got ready to go to the elevator. However, when she looked behind her, she immediately froze. 
At some point in time, Justin was actually standing behind her. 
The man’s tall figure made the spacious hallway seem a bit cramped. His dark eyes were staring at her, and even the mole at the corner of his eye seemed to be exuding a bone-deep chill.
He was probably going out. An assistant and a bodyguard followed behind him. There were only the three of them, but his presence was no weaker than yesterday’s. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
To be honest, her aunt had given her a thousand reminders and warnings before she returned to the States. 
Here, she could protect her, no matter who she provoked. However, the only person she mustn’t mess with was Justin Hunt!! 
She had given a sarcastic reply as Anti last night, but that was because they were separated by the Internet. But now… 
Nora cast her cat-like eyes downward slightly, and she explained in a careless and sloppy tone, “Mr. Hunt, I was just joking with the child. I definitely wasn’t alluding to you or anything like that.” 
“…” 
The corner of Lawrence’s lips spasmed a little. Can that woman’s tone get any more perfunctory? Is there any monster out there that has a mole at the corner of its eye? That monster’s last name is probably Hunt, right?! 
There was no visible emotion on Justin’s face, making people unable to tell what he was thinking. He merely cast a long look at Nora before taking the lead and walking ahead. 
Nora deliberately dawdled where she was, and waited for them to enter the elevator before she walked out and let out a sigh of relief. 
That man had only given her a simple glance just now, but she had sensed fierce murderous intent.
He was indeed trouble. It was best that she stayed far away from him. 
In the elevator. 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly. 
The lighting had been bad the previous night. He was nearer to her today and discovered that the woman was astonishingly fair. Her cat-like eyes were casually downcast, and her curly eyelashes were long and black. She appeared sweet and docile, but how was it that he found that wild energy around her when she dissed people without using expletives a little familiar? 
— 
At the same time. 
After Pete was sure that the demon lord was gone, he immediately dialed the neighboring room’s phone extension number. 
Someone picked up, and a young voice sounded. “Hello?” 
Pete paused. “I’m staying next door. Can I visit you?” 
The little girl was surprised. “So, you’re the little dummy from next door?” 
“…” 
As the youngest genius in the field of finance, this was the first time someone had called him a dummy. 
However, the little girl quickly spoke again. “Can you play games with me?”
The light in Pete’s dark eyes flickered a few times, and he replied, “Yes, I can.”
###Chapter 6: Two-Timing?
The lobby of Hotel Finest was lavishly decorated, and the neat and clean marble floor reflected light. 
Anthony sat on the sofa and stared in the direction of the elevator. 
The Hunts’ hotel management was strict, and the front desk refused to sell their customers’ information. Thus, he could only come over early in the morning to wait, in hopes that he could catch the woman. 
His hard work paid off, and he finally found her. 
He jumped onto his feet when the graceful figure carelessly came out. With a bouquet of roses in his hands, he blocked her path in what he thought was a very charming manner. “Hello, beautiful. What a coincidence, I didn’t expect for us to meet again!” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
They had already annulled their engagement, so why was this guy still showing up in front of her again and again? 
Anthony, who didn’t notice her annoyance at all, said with a smile: “Since it seems like we’re destined to be, surely you should tell me your name now?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
She originally couldn’t be bothered to pay him any attention, but when she thought of how he had also been in the delivery room back when she was giving birth… Perhaps she could try sounding him out. 
Her lips slowly parted. “Isabel Anderson.”
Anderson was her mother’s last name. 
Anthony’s eyes lit up. “Are you free, Miss Anderson? Coincidence is a wonderful thing. How about going to the cafe next door and having a chat?” 
Nora nodded without much care. 
Anthony walked in front eagerly. “This way, Miss Anderson… By the way, where’s your younger sister?” 
Nora raised her brows. “My younger sister?” 
“Yes, that little girl who came out of the airport with you yesterday. You look only about 20 years old; surely you can’t possibly have a daughter who’s already that age, right?” Anthony jested, thinking he was being humorous. 
“…” Nora couldn’t be bothered to explain. Instead, she replied, “Let’s go upstairs.” 
“It’s just as well that she isn’t here. That way, she won’t bother us… The cakes from the cafe over there are pretty good. You can bring some back for your sister later…” 
The way to chase a woman was to please everyone around her. 
Anthony was very experienced in this. 
Nearby, Justin, who had just inspected the hotel, stared coldly at the two of them from the back. 
Behind him, Lawrence, his assistant, curled his lip. “That woman’s too much, Mr. Hunt! Never mind that she had deliberately approached Pete to please you, but she’s actually two-timing? 
“And, she even referred to her daughter as her younger sister when she was lying to someone else! I didn’t even see her putting in that much effort when she was lying to you!”
The bodyguard behind him had question marks all over his face. Was this really something to be compared? 
Justin’s expression darkened. A sharp look flashed across his deep-set eyes, and even the temperature in the entire lobby seemed to drop a few degrees. 
He said frostily, “Look her up.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
After walking into the cafe, Nora found a table by the window. In a matter of a few words, she had made Anthony turn the topic to the matter of his engagement. 
Anthony was eager to explain himself, yet his tone was mocking and awful. 
“I’m really not a scumbag, Miss Anderson. You don’t know how ugly that fatty is. There’s so much flesh on her face that even her eyes were nearly squeezed shut. When she walks, it’s as if the whole place is shaking. 
“She even insisted on using the excuse that her obesity is due to hormonal injections. Hah, she speaks as if she’ll be a beauty if she slims down. 
“She’s also mentally ill. She dropped out of elementary school in third grade, and stayed at home ever since, cooping herself up every day in her room. She doesn’t even kick up a fuss when anyone hits or scolds her, much less retaliate. 
“It’s unfair to make me marry an uneducated, illiterate, and mentally impaired fatty like that, isn’t it?!” 
Nora was close to nodding off as she listened to him with her cheek in her hand. 
She had known since she was a child that crying and kicking up a fuss were useless in a home as biased as theirs. 
The reason why she hadn’t fought back despite being hit was that she had always kept her mother’s last words firmly in her mind—she must be plain and mediocre, and that she was not allowed to show her wit and ingenuity before she became of age. She had said that this was the only way her life could be saved. 
“I really hate the Smiths’ behavior. If it weren’t for that company, I wouldn’t be humoring Angela now, either…” 
Anthony, who realized that he had said too much, hurriedly asked, “Oh, what am I saying such things for? Where are you from, Miss Anderson?” 
Nora casually made up an answer. “New York.” 
The Andersons from New York? 
Anthony swallowed hard. That was a big-name family comparable to the Hunts! 
Anthony fawned on her even more. “I didn’t expect you to come from such a wealthy family. No wonder you have such a compelling presence and air of elegance around you.” 
Nora didn’t care about his assumptions and continued to sound him out. 
Her disposition seemed casual, but her grip around her coffee cup had tightened slightly. “I heard that your fiancée gave birth to a child five years ago, but it was abandoned. I’m really curious—where did that child go?” 
Anthony hurriedly explained. “That’s just a rumor, Miss Anderson! That fatty took the child abroad!”
What the Smiths publicly announced was that Nora had only given birth to a baby girl. 
After all, they would incur the people’s wrath if anyone knew that they had done something like abandoning a newborn infant. 
Nora scoffed. “I’m just curious. Since you don’t want to say it, then forget it!” 
She put the coffee cup down heavily on the table and pretended that she was leaving, vividly acting the part of a rich, spoiled princess. 
Sure enough, Anthony panicked. He reached out to grab her. “That’s not what I meant. Don’t get mad —” 
Nora subtly evaded him and raised an eyebrow. “So, are you going to answer me or not?” 
Her behavior didn’t raise Anthony’s suspicions. After all, such secrets about wealthy families were what many people liked to talk about idly. Just like gossip about celebrities, a lot of people would find it interesting. 
He spoke reluctantly. “Uncle Henry—Henry Smith—was the one that handled it back then. I really don’t know anything.” 
Seeing that Anthony didn’t seem to be lying, Nora lost interest right away. 
What a waste of her time that she could’ve spent sleeping. 
She got up and walked out straightaway. 
Anthony was stunned for a moment before he went after her. “I’m telling the truth, Miss Anderson… Are you busy with something? In that case, why don’t you give me your number? We can contac—”
“I don’t think so.” 
Nora left behind only four words and went straight out, got into a taxi, and left. 
A confused Anthony was left behind frozen in place. His expression couldn’t help but darken. 
Were the temperaments of all the girls from top-class wealthy families this volatile? 
She was too hard to chase! 
— 
Nora got a few private investigators in California to try and look for clues. It wasn’t until the evening that she finally dragged her tired self back to the hotel. 
Beep. 
As soon as she opened the door, she heard the conversation between Cherry and another child coming from within: 
“The princess is here! Everyone, step aside! The little dummy is to escort her!” 
“… Okay.” 
“Heh heh, do you want to try my cannon? Little dummy, tank the damage from the defensive tower. Go!” 
“I’m out of HP.” 
“Hey, why are you running? Tank the damage for me, and I’ll be able to get the five kills!”
“I’ll die.” 
“Are you a man or not? You’re so cowardly even in a game. What are you so scared of?” 
“…” 
Cherry was usually very cute and well-behaved, but once she started playing games, she would become very irritable and foul-mouthed. Her behavior today was already considered rather self- restrained. 
Whose kid was this playing mobile games with her, though?
###Chapter 7: Are You My Mommy?
Nora walked into the living room and saw Cherry in her pajamas holding a cell phone. She was sitting cross-legged and was playing happily with the game’s audio turned on. 
Hearing the sound of the door opening, the little girl turned and looked over. 
Seeing that Nora was about to get mad, she put on a bright smile and blinked her big round eyes. “Mommy, you’re finally back. I was so bored. I missed you so much!” 
“…” 
Nora sighed silently. 
Wasn’t the reason why Cherry played games every day exactly that she was either busy or sleeping, and didn’t have any time to spend with her? 
She resisted her drowsiness and desire to immediately jump into bed, and said, “Clean up the place, Cherry. Let’s have dinner outside tonight.” 
Mrs. Lewis asked, “What would you like to wear tonight, Cherry?” 
Cherry thought about it seriously. “The little gray suit from Gucci!” 
Nora frowned. “Are you wearing boys’ clothing again?” 
Cherry had a quirk—she liked going out with her dressed like a little boy. 
She continued to stare at the phone. “Uh-huh. This round’s ending soon. Mommy, what are we having?”
Nora reached over and grabbed her cell phone before she answered, “We’re having pizza downstairs.” Then, she turned off the game. 
“Hey! We’re raiding soon. You—” 
An irritable Cherry was about to throw a tantrum, and she was even about to curse. However, when her eyes met Nora’s, the little girl pursed her lips and squeezed out two words from in between her teeth: “Let’s go.” 
In the room next door. 
Pete stared at the cell phone. ‘sweetcherry’ had logged off the game, and the voice call had also been disconnected. 
He felt a small sense of loss at the bottom of his heart. 
Chester Hunt, who was sitting on the sofa, breathed a sigh of relief at the sight. “Kiddo, you’re done at last. My tyrant of an elder brother is coming back soon, so hurry and clean up the place!” 
Pete, who looked sullen, didn’t speak. 
Chester came over and looked at his cell phone. “Who are you playing with? You look so reluctant to log off. If you want to play it again, why don’t I play with you next time? I’m really good. I’m ranked among the top ten players on the local server. The top player on the server, sweetcherry, is our team leader, and the two of us are online buddies. I’ll get him to let you join and play together next time…” 
At the sight of him looking over, Pete turned off the screen and stood up. “Uncle Chester, I wanna have pizza.” 
Chester suddenly felt a headache coming on. “C’mon, behave, kiddo. Justin’s not gonna agree to that!”
As the only grandson of the Hunts, Pete was treated like a VIP. His daily schedule was scientifically planned, and he executed it in strict accordance with the timing. 
Although he didn’t attend classes, he was busier than even adults. 
As Justin wasn’t around today, and Chester felt really sorry for this poor little nephew of his, he risked his life and indulged him in playing games all afternoon. 
But… Eating out?! 
This was definitely testing the limits of Justin’s patience! 
Chester tried painstakingly to dissuade him. “You forced him to take you out for cake yesterday by refusing to take your medication, but this method isn’t going to work today. C’mon, kiddo, behave…” 
It was as if Pete didn’t hear him at all. He went straight back to the bedroom and opened the closet. He was about to take a random piece of clothing to change into when he suddenly spotted the limited edition little gray suit from Gucci. 
He put on the suit impulsively and walked out. 
Shocked, Chester stopped him. “Justin’s already downstairs!” 
Pete looked at him coolly. “Uh-huh. It’s fine as long as he’s not at the door.” 
“…” 
Chester watched him leave, feeling as though chills were going down his spine. He felt like a violent storm was about to come. 
One minute later. 
Justin opened the door and strode in, his presence as strong as ever. 
As he entered, a terrified-looking Chester lowered his head and greeted him weakly. “Justin…” 
Justin, who was taking off his coat, paused. His inky eyes swept across the room, and his expression darkened. “Where’s Pete?” 
He sounded displeased. 
Chester became even more scared. “… He’s at the pizza place downstairs.” 
As soon as he spoke, the tyrant suddenly turned around, scaring Chester so badly that he shouted, “I know it’s my fault, Justin. Hold back a littl… Huh?” 
Justin had already bypassed him and left. 
Chester, who thought that he had managed to narrowly escape, had only just heaved a sigh of relief when he heard the other man’s deep voice. “I’ll deal with you when I’m back.” 
“…” 
— 
The pizzas at Hotel Finest were $99 each. 
There were all kinds of varieties, and one could order their fill of flavors there. 
With a menu in her hand, Nora walked toward the empty tables.
Cherry followed her. Dressed in a little suit, her daughter looked awfully handsome, and there was a sly look in her spirited eyes. “Mommy, I’ll go look at the cakes.” 
Nora let out an “Okay”. However, when she turned around, she saw her ‘daughter’ standing behind her and staring at her all wide-eyed. 
Pete was only trying his luck. He didn’t expect that he would really meet her again. 
A bit of joy that had never once been there before appeared in the eyes of the usually taciturn boy. 
When Nora saw him staring at herself silently with a menu in his hand, she asked in confusion, “Did you not find the cake display counter, baby?” 
‘Baby’… 
Pete blushed. 
Although his grandparents also occasionally called him that at home, the woman’s voice was casual and lazy, and it actually sounded exceptionally affectionate. 
His eyes suddenly turned red, and he asked sadly, “Are you my mommy?” 
Nora was puzzled. 
She felt like something was wrong with Cherry. 
Was it because she had forcibly logged her off the game just now? 
Although Cherry was a spoiled little princess, she had always been a lively and active child. Surely not, right?
Nora bent over and rubbed his head. With a low chuckle, she said, “Alright, it’s all Mommy’s fault. What do you wanna have? I’ll order it for you, okay?” 
She held up the menu. “Do you want pepperoni pizza?” 
It really is Mommy! 
Pete’s eyes widened. He wanted to ask “Mommy, why did you abandon me?”, as well as “Where have you been all these years?” 
Yet, when all the words reached the tip of his tongue, he swallowed them all down again. 
He, who had grown up being taken care of by Justin, had difficulty expressing his feelings. He could only nod heavily. “Yeah!” 
Nora was completely unaware of how complicated the boy’s emotions were at the moment. She took him by the hand and walked to a relatively quiet and inconspicuous table in the corner. 
Cherry, who was lingering at the cake display counter, looked at the mousse cake, and then at the Black Forest cake, unable to decide. In the end, it was only after she decided that she would have both that she finally decided to go back to where her mother was. 
However, as soon as she turned around, she noticed a very good-looking young man walking toward her aggressively. Then, he stretched out his long shapely arm, picked her up, and forcibly brought her out. “This is all junk food! Don’t eat it!” 
Cherry, who was dumbfounded, struggled fiercely. “Who are you? Why are you ordering me around? Let go of me! Help, someone’s kidnapping me!”
The commotion attracted the attention of the entire dining hall. 
Justin had a stormy look on his face. As they were in public, his good upbringing made him suppress his anger in the end, and he snapped, “I’m your father!”
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8: My Mommy’s Over There! 
Chester, who had come after them, couldn’t help holding his forehead when he saw the situation. 
It was all over. 
The kiddo and the tyrant were at it again. 
Pete was stubborn and obstinate. 
Justin was domineering. Everything was usually fine if Pete was obedient, but once he refused to behave, chaos would undoubtedly break out at home. 
He was just thinking of calling their family home and asking them to save his little nephew when he noticed that the tyrant had suddenly stopped in his tracks. Mild surprise came over his countenance. 
The few heated droplets on his neck stunned Justin and froze him to the spot. 
This can’t be… 
He loosened his hold slightly and was immediately faced with a bawling little face. 
Cherry was crying hard, and her sobs wracked her tiny little body. She touched Justin’s face with her hand. “Daddy… You’re Daddy…” 
Justin was at a loss for words. 
His son always had a sullen look on his face, but his facial expression was a lot more animated at the moment. Big teardrops rolled down from his dark eyes.
It made one feel extraordinarily… helpless. 
“Don’t cry anymore.” 
Justin said hoarsely. Then, he stretched out his hand awkwardly, trying to wipe her tears. However, a soft little hand grabbed his fingers instead. “Daddy!” 
She finally had a father. 
She was no longer a child that had popped out of a rock. 
Although Cherry was lively and outgoing, she nevertheless felt terribly envious every time she saw other children being lifted high into the air by their fathers. 
Her soft voice caused Justin to swallow back the “Real men don’t cry” line that he was about to say. 
Pete was only five. He was still a child. 
His usually hard and tough heart actually softened a bit. 
With a sullen look, Justin chided, “Oh, really now. Crying and kicking up a fuss just because of some food?” 
Despite that, he put Cherry down in an unprecedented move. 
Cherry clasped his large hand tightly as though she was afraid that what was already in the bag… uh, afraid that her father would disappear. She looked up and said, “Let’s have dinner together, Daddy.” 
Justin pursed his lips and looked at his watch. “I only have an hour.” 
Chester, who was already dumbfounded a long time ago, was rendered speechless.
In the past, Pete had always rather gone hungry and be punished than give in! Had he become enlightened? 
Cherry was terribly excited. She had found such a handsome father! Whether he really was her father or not, it was in no way a loss! 
The world of a looks-obsessed fanatic was just that simple! 
“Eat this, Daddy! This is expensive!” 
“Don’t just drink juice, Daddy. It’s too filling, and you won’t get to eat much.” 
Justin stared solemnly at his son who was behaving like a totally different person. Meanwhile, Chester, who was seated next to him, whispered, “Justin, has Pete been possessed?” 
“…” 
After choosing what she wanted to eat, Cherry took Justin’s hand and walked towards the table in the corner. “Daddy, Mommy’s over there.” 
Justin’s vision followed her finger and saw the woman in the corner again. 
She was leaning back lazily on the comfortable sofa, her eyes downcast as if everything happening around her had nothing to do with her, and indifferent as if she was isolated from the world. 
She supported her cheek with one hand while holding a fork in the other as she ate absentmindedly. There was an inexplicable charm in her movements. 
Her fingers were long and slender with well-defined joints. Such fingers were very nimble and flexible and were very suitable for playing the piano. They were very beautiful.
Opposite her, a child sat with their back to them. As the child was too short, they could only see the top of their hair. It was likely her daughter. 
Justin retracted his gaze and looked at Cherry solemnly. “She isn’t your mommy.” 
“She is my mommy.” 
With a cold look, Justin bent over. “Remember this, Pete. Don’t trust any women, especially… beautiful ones!” 
Cherry’s eyes widened. 
Pity? 
It would really become a pity only if he didn’t accept Mommy! 
Her eyes suddenly became red. “If you don’t recognize her as my mommy, then you’re not my father!” 
“…” 
Justin looked displeased. His sullen gaze was as if it wanted to pierce right through people, and even the mole at the corner of his eye felt scrutinizing. 
Just how had that woman bewitched his son? 
She actually made Pete say something like that! 
And… 
He suddenly realized something, and he asked, “Did you come down together with her?”
Cherry replied, “Of course.” 
It was just like what he had thought. 
He knew it. Why would Pete suddenly want pizza? 
Justin scoffed. That woman was still flirting with some other man downstairs this afternoon, yet now she was trying to seduce him by using his son again. 
It seemed that the verbal warning he gave her last night was not enough. 
He turned around forcefully. “Don’t talk to her anymore.” 
Cherry was confused. 
She looked at her mother aggrievedly, then looked up at her big and tall father. In the end, she gritted her teeth and left with Justin. 
She wanted to help Mommy kidnap Daddy home. 
“Daddy, isn’t my mommy good-looking? She’s even prettier than the celebrities. If you marry her, how impressive would it be when you take her out in the future?” 
Justin was perplexed. 
Just what kind of indecent things did the woman say to his son?! 
… 
Nora, who was eating slowly, was close to falling asleep.
Her daughter was being exceptionally sensible this evening. The usually picky eater surprisingly didn’t pick out the carrots and had eaten them all. It was just that she was taking quite a long time to eat. 
She was slightly worried. “Are you eating too much?” 
Pete rubbed his round belly. He knew that he would probably be grounded by the tyrant when he returned. 
He had dawdled for over an hour because he was reluctant to part with Mommy. When he heard her, he pursed his lips and said, “I’ll get another cake.” 
“… Go ahead.” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little. Then, she leaned back and closed her eyes. 
At the same time, Cherry took the opportunity while the others were taking their belongings to sneak back and check on Nora. When she discovered how sleepy she looked, she felt a little sorry. 
Having dinner with her was already taking a lot of time away from her sleep. 
Yet she had accompanied Daddy and abandoned Mommy. She shouldn’t have done that. 
Cherry walked over and sighed. “Are you sleepy, Mommy? Let’s go back.” 
The little fellow’s finally full. 
Nora stretched and let out an “Okay”. Then, she held her hand and left the restaurant. 
A minute later, Pete came back, only to see the empty table. The light in his eyes slowly dimmed, and his shoulders also slumped. 
At this point, a deep voice came from behind. “Time’s up.”
Pete’s tiny body trembled. When he turned around, he saw the tyrant standing impatiently behind him. 
He knew that he would definitely be scolded when they got home. 
Unexpectedly, the next moment, Justin bent over and picked him up. He even asked, “Are you full?” 
Pete was puzzled. 
Did the tyrant decide to turn over a new leaf today? 
— 
In the top-class presidential suite. 
Ding! 
Nora was about to go to bed when the doorbell rang. She asked impatiently, “Who is it?” 
An unfamiliar male voice reached her. “My name is Hunt, Miss Smith.” 
Hunt? 
Nora got up and called out, “Open the door, Cherry.”
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9: How Did I Seduce Him? 
“Mommy, I’m in a fierce team battle now! …Be careful of the ones at the back! Hey Chesty, how many times have you already died? Why are you more fragile than even glass?!” 
Cherry, who was sitting on the sofa, dissed her teammates angrily without even looking up. 
Resigned, Nora walked over to open the door. 
It wasn’t Justin standing outside but a man who looked to be about 20 years old. He wore a white casual outfit and was leaning against the wall as he played a game on his cell phone. His deep-set eyes that looked similar to Justin’s were slightly upturned, and there was a bright and harmless feeling in his facial features. He looked just like a well-brought-up boy from a rich family. 
At the sight of the door opening, Chester lowered his voice and said in the call with his gaming team, “Leader, I’m already dead anyway, so I’ll count on you for this round.” 
After turning off the microphone, he raised his head and looked Nora up and down. 
The woman was astonishingly fair. Her originally docile-looking and cat-like eyes were slightly lidded, and there was some fatigue and sleepiness on her expressionless face. Her voice was very low as she asked, “Is something the matter?” 
No wonder she dared to seduce Justin. She did indeed have some impressive assets. 
Chester said, “Miss Smith, I’d like to discuss something with you. Can you move to the suite downstairs and give up the presidential suite?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Why?”
Chester offered her a check. “Let me kindly remind you that this hotel belongs to the Hunts. According to the regulations, if the hotel cancels a booking without a reason, they’ll have to pay double the damages for breaching the contract. Here’s a check for one million dollars.” 
“…” 
Nora stared at the check wordlessly. 
Did she look very poor? Why was every one of them trying to dismiss her with money? 
Seeing that she wasn’t giving in, Chester threatened, “If you don’t agree to it, then I can only trouble the guards to throw you out. I’m sure Miss Smith wouldn’t want to escalate things to such a degree, right?” 
How dare he threaten her? 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned cold. Then, she heard Chester continue. “Miss Smith, you’ve been trying time and again to seduce my elder brother. I’m cutting you some slack because it isn’t easy taking care of a child. Otherwise, I wouldn’t just be changing your room reservation!” 
Trying time and again to seduce his brother? 
Nora yawned and asked lazily, “I’m curious—how did I seduce him?” 
Chester replied angrily, “Didn’t you spend a huge sum of money to stay next door exactly to enjoy the benefits of a favorable position? You’ve managed to deceive Pete, but I’m not that stupid. I’ve looked into you; your fiancé broke off his engagement with you, and you even gave birth before you got married. What makes a woman like you think you’re worthy of pursuing my brother?” 
Gee.
It turned out that one was in the wrong just by living next door. 
Where did Justin get that sense of superiority from? 
Nora asked coldly, “So, no one’s worthy of staying in this room?” 
Chester was shocked by the sudden increase in forcefulness in her aura. Nevertheless, he said sarcastically, “Of course not. My brother has found out that Dr. Anti is staying right in this hotel, and he’ll find her very soon. He’ll definitely invite her to stay here! Only distinguished guests like that deserve to stay next to my brother!” 
Nora was puzzled. 
Had her information been found out? 
She wasn’t afraid of Justin, but getting entangled with such a man would be a very troublesome affair. 
Nora cast her eyes downward and thought for a while. Then, she took the check from Chester and said lightly, “Thank you. Get someone to help us with the room transfer.” 
Being too close was really troublesome, indeed. 
Chester breathed a sigh of relief. “At least you still have some self-awareness.” 
The presidential suite downstairs wasn’t as good as these two top-class ones, but it was nevertheless more than enough for three. Most importantly, the room card assigned to guests that stayed downstairs didn’t allow access to this floor. 
This way, that woman wouldn’t have any chance to come into contact with Pete anymore, let alone Justin!
Why did she thank him, though? 
A puzzled Chester returned to the room. Then, he reported his meritorious deed to Justin. He said, “You don’t have to thank me, Justin. With this, I’ve made up for my mistakes!” 
Justin was sitting behind a large desk, with both hands tapping away quickly on the keyboard. Without even looking up, he chided him in a low voice. “How meddlesome.” 
Chester was perplexed. 
Why was he detecting a bit of dissatisfaction in those two words? 
He sneaked behind Justin and saw that the computer’s black screen was densely packed with various intertwined lines. Among them, a red dot was slowly moving. 
It was Anti, the person whom Justin had been keeping tabs on for half an hour. 
With a solemn look, he was about to continue tracking her movements when the red dot suddenly flashed a few times and disappeared. 
“…” 
The temperature in the room dropped by a few degrees. 
A silly Chester said, “You’ve lost her, Justin.” 
Justin slowly raised his head, his dark eyes a discomfiting sight. He slowly said, “I can see that very well.” 
Chester instantly shut up.
Lawrence glanced at Chester and sighed mentally. The situation in the Hunt family was so complicated, and everyone there was an elite whose thoughts people could hardly fathom. How did they produce such a simpleton? 
He coughed and said, “Mr. Hunt, why would she suddenly go offline at this critical moment?” 
Was there a traitor among them? 
However, Justin was personally taking part and had suddenly ambushed her this time. Only the three of them knew about it. 
If it wasn’t because Anti had received last-minute news, then… it could only be a coincidence. 
— 
The hotel was very efficient. 
Half an hour later, Nora was already in the study of the new suite. 
After she successfully blocked an external attack, she called Solo. The other party spoke first. “Sorry. Mr. Hunt found some top-class hacker from somewhere and found information on you from me. At the moment, he’s only found out that you’re staying at Hotel Finest, though. Your exact location hasn’t been exposed.” 
Nora gave an “Mm” and said, “Be careful next time.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up, Nora got up. When she passed by the second bedroom and saw that Cherry was already asleep, she walked back to the master bedroom.
After such a delay, she was already sleepy to the extreme. 
Two minutes later, the second bedroom door suddenly opened. 
Cherry’s head poked out from within. After confirming that her mother was asleep, she gently closed the door, took out her cell phone, and logged in to the game. 
Chesty said, “You’re finally back, leader. What were you doing just now?” 
Cherry curled her lip. “The idiot next door suddenly demanded that we change rooms.” 
“F*ck! Which idiot is that? How dare they bully our leader! May he choke to death on a glass of water!” 
Chester didn’t think much of the incident even after cursing. 
After all, one would always meet all kinds of strange neighbors when staying in a hotel. 
He asked, “Didn’t you say yesterday that you’re back in California after living abroad all this time? I’ve come all the way to California to look for you. Where are you staying now? The top-class suite next door just so happened to be vacant. It’s on me!” 
They didn’t find Anti in the end, and it was empty anyway. 
He took a sip of water from his glass. 
Right away, he heard ‘sweetcherry’ scolding him. “Get into position, Chesty. Even the monsters in the river are better than you in getting into their positions!” 
It was only after she scolded him that she replied, “I’m staying at Hotel Finest.” 
“Pft!”
Chester choked hard and started to cough violently. After getting over it, he eagerly said, “I’m also in Hotel Finest. I’ll come to you!” 
“Okay.”
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10: See You At Eight In The Evening! 
Cherry and Chesty had known each other for over half a year. They got along very well and were already good friends. 
They had already planned to meet when she got back to the States, so she agreed as soon as Chester said that. 
Chester asked eagerly, “Which room are you in?” 
Cherry was about to tell him the room number when she suddenly thought of something. Instead, she said, “Not tonight, my mom is asleep. Let’s do it tomorrow instead.” 
Chesty suddenly laughed. “Everyone says that you sound like a little girl only because you’re using a voice changer and that you’re, in fact, a dirty middle-aged man. Can you tell me whether you’re male or female?” 
Cherry grinned. “It’s a secret.” 
California was in the west of the States, and the humidity in the air was just right. It was mild in winter and dry in summer. With the curtains in the room closed, the room was completely dark, which made it very suitable for sleeping. 
It was already in the middle of the day when Nora finally slowly opened her eyes. She checked the time —it was already past one o’clock in the afternoon. Cherry and Mrs. Lewis had already had lunch, so she simply called for takeout. 
At the same time at the hotel entrance. 
With a complicated look, Angela watched Anthony hurriedly enter the lobby. She clenched her fists.
During the past few days, Anthony’s attitude toward her whenever she called had been very perfunctory, and all he asked about was Idealian Pharmaceuticals each time. 
A woman’s sixth sense told her that something must be wrong. 
Thus, she had trailed Anthony early this morning. Little did she expect that she would be here. 
Hotel Finest was one of the most expensive and upscale places in California. 
Angela quietly followed Anthony in and saw him turning into the bar on the first floor. 
He took out a wad of cash, handed it to several waiters, and instructed softly, “…You know what you’re supposed to do, right? Act according to my signals tonight!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
After they dispersed, Anthony took a deep breath nervously. Then, he lowered his head and started to draft a text message. 
‘Hello, Miss Anderson. Sorry if this is a little sudden, but I got your number from the bar on the first floor. I’d like to invite you to the bar downstairs at 8 pm.’ 
After sending the text message, he raised his head and looked at the setup in front of him with satisfaction. 
He didn’t know how he had offended the pretty woman last time, but she would definitely fall for him tonight. After all, no woman would be able to resist a romantic move like this. 
Seeing that she didn’t respond even after a long while after he sent the message, Anthony thought for a while and sent another text message to his friends: “Eight o’clock tonight at Hotel Finest’s bar in the
lobby. Be there or be square.” 
He had reserved the whole place and was asking his friends to come over and cheer for him. However, he didn’t realize that he had accidentally also selected Angela’s name when he mass-sent the message. 
After he left, the waiters whispered among themselves. 
“What’s Mr. Gray intending to do?” 
“He’s prepared such a huge surprise. He must be intending to propose to his fiancée, right?” 
“His fiancée is so lucky…” 
An excited Angela’s cheeks turned a little warm as she listened to their soft speculations. A warm current also surged up from the bottom of her heart. 
How could she suspect that Anthony was being unfaithful? She really shouldn’t have! 
Buzz… 
She received a text message sound notification on her cell phone. She looked down—it was a message from Anthony: “Eight o’clock tonight at Hotel Finest’s bar in the lobby. Be there or be square.” 
Angela couldn’t help laughing. 
His tone was exactly the same as whenever he asked her out for a date in the past. If she hadn’t secretly seen all these, she would never have imagined that Anthony had prepared such a huge surprise for her. 
Angela was in a good mood and walked out slowly. 
When she looked up again, she just so happened to see Nora, who was dressed in her pajamas and slippers, coming out to pick up her takeout order. 
Her eyes were downcast, and her smooth and silky hair draped behind her. She was fair-skinned, and her facial features were impeccably refined. Her sleepy appearance made her seem a little as if she was taking a leisurely stroll. 
Despite being dressed like that, the air around her still attracted people’s attention, nevertheless. 
Angela’s hands balled up slightly. She couldn’t curb her jealousy. 
How could that woman possibly afford to stay in Hotel Finest? 
She was definitely just pretending to be rich. 
She quickly took a couple of steps toward her and reprimanded her. “You don’t even have any clothes anymore, yet you still insist on staying in this hotel. Are you planning to seduce some rich guy here, Nora? How about taking a good look at yourself first? Do you really think you can trick people into paying for you just by using that face of yours?” 
Nora, who was carrying her takeout in one hand and reading a text message on her cell phone in the other, looked confused. 
She casually tapped twice on her cell phone and deleted the spam text messages sent by Anthony. Then, she said indifferently, “Uh-huh. At least I have a face to be proud of.” 
Her cat-like eyes swept across Angela’s face casually. Those few words of hers were very insulting. 
Angela was infuriated. 
Was she saying that she was shameless? Or was she implying that she was ugly? Or perhaps… She meant both?
She narrowed her eyes. Then, she suddenly smiled. “Nora, do you want to know where that abandoned child of yours is? If you do, then I’ll see you at the bar at 8 pm.” 
So what even if she was pretty? 
Didn’t Anthony dump her all the same anyway?! 
She wanted Nora to see with her very own eyes how Anthony was going to propose to her! 
Angela turned and left after leaving these words. 
A slightly chilly look entered Nora’s eyes as she looked at her from the back. 
8 pm at the bar again. 
Hah, she would see what her precious little sister and ex-fiancé have prepared for her! 
She retracted her gaze and went upstairs with the takeout. 
Although the presidential suite they were staying in wasn’t the best of the best, it still had a kitchen. Cherry was still growing; they mustn’t eat out all the time. The meals that they ate every day were all made by Mrs. Lewis. 
At dinner, Mrs. Lewis prepared a healthy meal with both meat and vegetables. 
Nora had been busy all afternoon. When she sat down to eat, she noticed that Cherry had a troubled look on her face. 
She propped Cherry’s chin up with her chubby hands and sighed deeply. “Mommy, I’m bored.” 
Nora pinched her face lazily. In a slightly hoarse voice, she said, “Why aren’t you playing your games, baby?”
“It’s the weekend.” Cherry said disdainfully, “All the school kids are on holiday.” 
“…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little. She felt that Cherry might possibly have forgotten that she was just a kindergartener. 
She passed Cherry her food and asked, “What do you want to do? I’ll spend some time with you.” 
“It’s fine. Mommy’s busy.” Cherry put on a very sensible expression while her round eyes darted about here and there. “Can you get Mrs. Lewis to take a walk around the hotel with me at eight tonight?” 
Nora pretended not to notice her sneaky thoughts and chuckled softly. “Sure.” 
Her daughter was very cheeky and always came up with all sorts of eccentric ideas. She had also always been a smart and sensible child and had never let others take advantage of her. She didn’t need to worry about letting Mrs. Lewis go out with her. 
After they ate, the trio split up at the door. 
Nora went to the first floor for her appointment. When she saw that her mother had entered the elevator, Cherry took out her cell phone and sent a voice message: “Chesty, I’m out! Where are you?” 
Chester’s reply came very quickly: “Table 28 at the cafe on the first floor. I’ll be waiting for you here!” 
Cherry grinned. “Okie Dokie! I’ll be there right away!”
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11: Eating Her Words! 
The bar on the first floor was already bubbling with people’s voices by now. 
Anthony was quite well-known in California. Under the power of his summons, his friends brought more friends along and filled up the place. 
The lights in the entire bar were blurry, and men and women were twisting their bodies fervently on the dance floor. 
Angela, who wore a long red gown, was sitting in the corner with a drink in her hand and her cheeks rosy. Next to her, her group of fair-weather friends was complimenting her. 
“Hotel Finest’s not cheap, Angela. Anthony must have big plans in mind, right? Is he… going to propose?” 
“He must be proposing! I’m sure of it! Isn’t your sister back? I heard that even the marriage certificate has been torn into pieces. With that, their engagement can officially be considered annulled!” 
“It’s all that damned fatt… damned woman’s fault! If it hadn’t been for her hiding abroad for so many years and refusing to come back and annul the engagement, Angela and Anthony would have been married long ago!” 
“Hey, why is that woman here?!” 
With these words, Angela also looked at the entrance. 
Nora was still dressed just as casually today. Jeans and a black T-shirt set off the skin around her neck, making it look so fair that it was glowing white.
She was expressionless, her eyes were slightly lidded, and she gave off a world-weary feeling, yet her looks were eye-catching and beautiful. As soon as she entered, she immediately attracted the attention of everyone around her. 
The moment she walked in, a waiter rushed to the back. “Mr. Gray, she’s here!” 
Anthony stood up immediately and walked forward. “Get ready!” 
The loud music in the bar gave Nora a headache, and overwhelming irritation filled her. 
She looked up. When her indifferent gaze located Angela, she walked over to her. 
Before she had even gotten near, she heard a pretentious Angela say, “Why are you here, Nora? Anthony will never agree to meet you.” 
As soon as she said that, her unsavory friends also spoke. 
“Nora, are you here to make a scene because you caught wind that Anthony’s going to propose?” 
“You were the one with immoral conduct, sleeping with some guy and getting yourself pregnant before marriage. That’s why Mr. Gray dumped you. Yet you’re here to harass him now? Where’s your sense of shame?!” 
“Even if you’ve become pretty, it won’t change the fact that you’re saddled with extra baggage! Why would Mr. Gray ever pay any attention to you? Is there any point in pestering him so persistently?” 
“…” 
Due to the deafening music, the commotion here didn’t reach far.
Nora didn’t care what others said about her. She looked at Angela. “Tell me, where is that child?” 
Angela approached her with a sardonic smile. She pointed to the sofa next to her and spoke in a voice that only the two of them could hear. “Nora, sit down obediently, watch tonight’s exciting show in its entirety, and give Anthony and I your blessings after that. If you do that, I’ll tell you.” 
Nora understood now. 
She wanted to use the marriage proposal scene to humiliate her. However, the private investigators didn’t have any leads at all. As long as there was a glimmer of hope, she was unwilling to give it up. 
Nora sat on the sofa and leaned back. She closed her eyes, her long eyelashes casting shadows on her cheeks as she uttered, “You sure have nothing better to do.” 
Angela stared at her fiercely. Things had already reached this stage, yet her sister was still so calm. It made her look like some kind of clown. 
She clenched her fists. Suddenly, she started to mock Nora. “Say, Nora, if you hadn’t been fat and had always been this pretty, would Anthony have broken off the engagement?” 
Nora’s eyes suddenly flew open, and a sharp glint appeared in her cat-like eyes. “What do you mean by that?” 
Her obesity had been due to the mistaken use of hormonal injections. 
Even though she had worked so hard to lose weight and suffered so much, it was useless. Her body needed to slowly repair its bodily functions. 
Judging from what Angela said, could it be that…
Seeing that her expression had finally changed, Angela laughed arrogantly. With a venomous look in her eyes, she said maliciously, “We’re both Smiths, so why should you be the one to marry into the Grays? But what if you were a fatty? Take a look at what’s happening now—sure enough, Anthony has fallen in love with me!” 
“So what even if you’ve slimmed down? It’s too late! What a waste of that face of yours. If you weren’t saddled with extra baggage, you might have been able to find another man… But now? Tsk, tsk.” 
Anger roiled in Nora’s eyes. 
To think her stepmother had been so vicious just for the sake of an engagement! She was only five when she was injected with hormones! 
She was just about to lose her temper when… 
… All the lights in the bar suddenly went out, and the music came to an abrupt stop! 
Two seconds later, a white spotlight shone at the center of the dance floor! 
Anthony was wearing a white suit and he looked handsome and elegant. He held a guitar in his hands. The moment he appeared, the audience screamed. 
“Anthony! Anthony!” 
Regardless of whether they were male or female, everyone cooperated and shouted his name. 
Anthony smiled. He stretched out a finger and gestured for the audience to keep quiet. The place instantly became completely quiet. 
He strummed the guitar a few times and a melody formed smoothly. Meanwhile, he also hummed the most popular love songs. Although it wasn’t a celebrity-class performance, it was bearable.
Angela stood up excitedly, her tears flowing with emotion. 
Anthony was so handsome! 
After finishing a song, Anthony put down the guitar. Then, he held the microphone and said, “I booked this whole place and got so many friends over today because I would like to tell a certain girl something. From the very first moment I laid eyes on you, I’ve thought that you are a very extraordinary girl.” 
“Wow! Anthony! Anthony!” Everyone cheered again, livening up the atmosphere to a climax. 
Anthony gave a wave. Immediately, a few “pops” sounded, and the balloons on the ceiling burst, scattering a shower of roses from above! 
This is so romantic! 
Angela covered her mouth. Her eyes were filled with surprise. 
She turned to the side excitedly and said sarcastically to Nora, “Did you see that? Anthony was so dismissive toward you back then, but he’s putting in so much effort for me today! 
“Even ten of you can’t compare to a single toe of mine!” 
Angela felt invigorated. 
Especially when she saw the envy in the eyes of the girls around her. Her heart felt like it was going to burst from happiness! 
Then, she saw Anthony slowly walking step by step toward her with a bouquet of roses in his hands… 
The surrounding crowd voluntarily stepped aside, as if building a bridge between them.
Angela straightened her back. She couldn’t help but take a few steps toward him. She felt like this day was the highlight of her life! 
She didn’t notice that there was only one person in Anthony’s eyes at the moment. 
Even in this dimly lit bar, the woman sitting on the sofa was dazzling and eye-catching. There was no one else—including Angela—in his eyes at all. 
The only thought on his mind was that this was dramatic enough even for a proposal, so the beauty would probably give him a chance again, right? 
Angela stopped after taking a few steps forward. Seeing Anthony coming nearer and nearer, her smile blossomed uncontrollably. 
Anthony would probably get down on one knee in front of her next, right? 
But unexpectedly…
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12: I’m Alone, I Didn’t Gather Anyone 
Angela watched Anthony pass her by to finally stop in front of Nora. 
He bent down and offered her the roses in a gentlemanly manner. “Miss Anderson, may I have the honor of becoming friends with you?” 
“…” 
Angela’s eyes widened in astonishment as she stared at the scene in disbelief. 
The light in the bar was a bit dim, which made her feel as if she was dreaming. Why had Anthony gone up to the damned fatty? 
Nora didn’t expect such a dramatic twist, either. She had only met Anthony twice, yet he had dumped his prospective fiancée to woo her? 
But when she saw how surprised and furious Angela looked—to the extent that it made her look rather savage—her anger from just now calmed a little. The corners of her lips curled upward with great interest into a mischievous smile. 
Her smile, which was as bright and dazzling as a blooming sunflower, made Anthony’s eyes light up. 
He was about to say something, but Angela couldn’t control herself anymore. She screamed, “Anthony!” 
It was only when he heard her voice that Anthony finally noticed Angela standing beside him. He frowned and asked, “Why are you here?” 
Angela was still fantasizing that perhaps Anthony had mistaken someone else for her because of the darkness, but his question had shattered her last vestiges of hope. 
She glared at Nora angrily. “You bitch! You’re so shameless!” 
After she shouted, she raised her hand to Nora. 
Anthony immediately stopped her. With a sullen look, he snapped, “What are you doing, Angela? Don’t make a scene here like a shrew.” 
Angela’s eyes flushed angrily. “Are you actually defending her? Do you know—” 
“Enough!” Anthony interrupted her. “Take a look at yourself now, Angela. Can’t you take a leaf out of Miss Anderson’s book and pick up some of her lady-like air and charisma?” 
Angela was stunned. “W-who did you say she was? Don’t you know who she is?” 
Anthony was taken aback by her question. “She’s Isabel Anderson…” 
He turned to the side to see Nora seated leisurely on the sofa. With her lips curled into a smile, she said lazily, “Isabel is my middle name. I also have another name—Nora. Smith.” 
“…” 
The whole bar suddenly fell quiet for a moment. The situation had confused everyone. 
Anthony stared at her in disbelief. “Y-you…” 
He was so shocked that he couldn’t say anything even after stuttering for a long time. 
Angela managed to react, however. “She’s tricked you, Anthony! She’s tricked us both! She did it on purpose just to take revenge on us and make us a joke!”
That damned fatty had ruined her proposal. She hated Nora’s guts now. 
Angela shouted to everyone around her, “What are all of you still in a daze for? Beat her up! Beat that woman to death!” 
Everyone in the bar was friends of Anthony and Angela. Upon hearing her shout, everyone surrounded Nora. 
At the sight of so many people throwing their lives away, Nora stretched and loosened her muscles to warm up. 
Meanwhile, at the entrance to the lobby. 
Justin entered the lobby. He was about to go to the elevator when he suddenly heard the noise in the bar. 
Through the glass walls, he immediately spotted the woman on the sofa. There was a little more frostiness on her usually distant expression. 
There was malice on the faces of everyone around her. From the looks of things, it seemed like she was about to be assaulted by the group of them? 
Seeing that they were about to start, Justin suddenly turned and entered the bar. 
“Stop!” 
His deep, cold, and fierce shout made Nora, who was about to jump into action, pause. Then, a group of well-trained bodyguards swarmed in. In no time, they had surrounded the bar. 
The elegant man at the entrance wore a luxurious bespoke hand-tailored suit. The mole at the corner of his eye exuded a sense of chilliness. His cold eyes swept across the place and he slowly said, “Group fights are prohibited in Hotel Finest!” 
“…” 
Nora, who had only just gotten into the mood to fight, lost interest in an instant. 
Gee. 
That man sure had a lot of rules. It was affecting her performance. 
Intimidated by the aura around him, everyone else also stopped moving. Anthony, the one calling the shots, braced himself and asked, “Who are you?” 
Lawrence, who was following closely behind Justin, answered, “This is Mr. Hunt.” 
Mr. Hunt from Hotel Finest… Justin Hunt? That man at the top of the golden pyramid?! 
Anthony had heard that he was here in California on a business trip. His family had given him a thousand and one warnings and told him not to mess with him. 
Everyone’s expressions changed drastically. 
Lawrence didn’t understand why his boss was suddenly being nosy, but since he had set the rules, they had to implement them. 
He cleared his throat, raised his chin, and ordered, “How dare you fight at Hotel Finest? Are you sick of living? Get out!” 
Everyone hurried out as if they were fleeing.
When Nora saw that Angela was also preparing to leave with the crowd, a sharp look flashed across Nora’s eyes. She grabbed Angela’s arm. “Angela, there’s something you haven’t said yet.” 
Angela was already in a panic and at a loss at this point. She glanced at Justin fearfully, wishing only to leave quickly. She lowered her voice and retorted, “What are you going crazy for? Let go!” 
“Okay.” Nora obediently let go of her arm. 
Angela heaved a sigh of relief. Just as she turned away and was about to leave, a huge force suddenly struck her from behind and kicked her into the air. 
Bam! 
Angela hit the table in front and fell to the ground. She felt as if all her internal organs were aching. 
After kicking her, Nora walked over and grabbed her by the hair. In a fervent tone, she said, “Do you remember what you wanted to tell me now?” 
Angela’s eyes widened. With her eyes red, she shouted, “She’s being violent, Mr. Hunt!” 
Justin frowned. That woman’s kick just now was unexpectedly forceful. She seemed to have some pretty good moves, which made him seem as if he had been too much of a busybody. 
Before he even spoke, Lawrence reprimanded her. “Group fights are prohibited in Hotel Finest, Miss Smith. Do you have no regard for Mr. Hunt’s rules?” 
Nora looked up slightly. Her looks made her look well-behaved and sensible. She replied softly, “I’m alone. I’m not in a group.” 
“…”
Her words shut Lawrence up. 
When one thought about it, there indeed wasn’t anything wrong with what she said. 
Stunned, Angela screamed, “Help!” 
Seeing that someone was about to come over, Nora glanced over coldly and asked, “Are you trying to gather a group of people?” 
“…” 
Seeing that no one dared to come over anymore, she looked down at Angela whom she was pressing down on. 
Originally, on account of how they were sisters, after all, she had only wanted to know the whereabouts of her son and hadn’t intended to make things so ugly. But injecting hormones into her when she was only five? Such a grudge had removed all of her restraint. 
Smack! 
She slapped Angela ruthlessly across her cheek. When she saw her cheek visibly swelling, she slowly said, “If you continue to keep silent, I’ll beat you up so bad you won’t even recognize yourself anymore.” 
A trembling Angela couldn’t hold it in anymore. She burst into tears and said, “I’ll talk, I’ll talk! That child —”
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13: Cherry Looks For Her Daddy 
“That child… Dad was the one that handled it. He never told me. I don’t know anything…” 
The sobbing Angela’s speech was unclear. As the others were a distance away from her, they couldn’t hear her clearly. 
Nora frowned slightly, frightening Angela so badly that she spoke again. “I really don’t know! I swear! If I’m lying, then let my face become pockmarked! Sob…” 
Angela had always been vain since she was a child. The fact that she had sworn such a vicious oath showed that she really didn’t know. 
Nora couldn’t hide her disappointment. 
She couldn’t be bothered to waste any more time, and she stood up and walked out slowly. 
When she passed by Justin, Nora thought of how she had ultimately been violent just now and ended up embarrassing Justin. 
She wanted to explain, so she looked at Justin. 
The man was also looking at her, his eyes deep and unfathomable. 
Nora thought for a while. After she thought of what to say, her lips parted. However, the moment she opened her mouth, she couldn’t help but yawn. 
Justin was rendered speechless.
Next to him, Lawrence was furious. Never mind that she had hit someone, but she’s even yawning so arrogantly at Mr. Hunt now? Was she showing off? 
As soon as the thought appeared in his mind, the expressionless woman spoke. “I definitely wasn’t trying to provoke you, Mr. Hunt.” 
The corners of Lawrence’s lips spasmed a little. Only a fool would believe that! 
He was just about to give her a sarcastic reply when he heard his boss’ icy-cold reply: “… Uh-huh.” 
Lawrence was confused. 
After explaining, Nora walked past him slowly. 
Justin stared at her from the back and narrowed his eyes. 
The woman’s actions just now had been decisive and straightforward and hadn’t been sloppy in the least. They were wild and fervent. 
But it seemed like she hadn’t gotten what she wanted, and she looked a little sad. Her listless appearance unexpectedly made him want to help her. 
As soon as the thought appeared, he heard Lawrence, who was standing behind him, complain, “It’s a good thing that you forbade them from fighting. Otherwise, judging from Miss Smith’s skill, that group of rich kids would have been beaten up by her.” 
“…” 
Lawrence said to himself again, “But surely she didn’t misunderstand and think that you were saving her, right? She’s already currying favor with Pete to get close to you. If she misunderstands, it’ll become even harder to shake her off!”
Justin gave him a frosty look. “You’re too noisy.” 
Meanwhile, at the cafe. 
Cherry wore a small T-shirt, overalls, cowboy hat, and sunglasses, and she looked as if she was dressed in an endearing hip-hop style. 
She bounced into the cafe and picked up her cell phone to find that Chesty had sent her several text messages. 
“Are you here yet? You’re already ten minutes late!” 
“Surely you didn’t run away because you’re really a super cute girl?” 
Cherry was about to reply when she received a call from Chesty. She picked up and said, “I’m here, Chesty! Table 25… 26… 28!” 
An awfully bored Chester was already seated there with three empty glasses in front of him. “Yep, yep, Table 28, that’s right. You’re here? Where are you?” 
“Look down.” 
He looked down and saw a cowboy hat. 
His gaze continued down past the hat to see his nephew, Pete’s, incredibly familiar face. 
Chester was perplexed. 
He rubbed his eyes and opened them again—the person in front of him was still there. 
He became even more confused, and he subconsciously said into the phone, “Leader?” 
“I’m here, Chesty.”
Beside him was his young nephew’s childish voice. 
Coming from his cell phone was the familiar young girl-sounding voice. 
The two voices overlapped, causing Chester to collapse into the chair as if he had just seen a ghost. 
He looked at Cherry incredulously and stammered, “L-l-leader?” 
Cherry blinked her big, round eyes. “Uh-huh, that’s me.” 
She didn’t expect Chesty to be her uncle, either. The two of them had even had pizza with her father! 
Cherry hung up, climbed onto the chair opposite, and sat down. Then, she said to the waitress, “A glass of milk, please. I’m still growing up, so I can’t drink coffee. Thank you.” 
Her adorable self melted the waitress’ heart into a puddle of goo. “Sure, kiddo. Just a moment.” 
Then, she quickly ran off to get the milk. 
Chester felt as if the sky was falling. 
Was this really his nephew that had always been clumsy with words? 
He really was just pretending when he went against Justin all this time! 
Also! It was more than enough to have just one member who was derelict in his duties and playing games all day long among the Hunts. Pete was the one and only grandson! He was Justin’s only son! 
If Justin were to know that he had been playing games with Pete… Chester swallowed hard. He felt as if he could already see himself in his grave.
Chester shuddered. Suddenly, he thought of something and jumped to his feet anxiously: “Sh*t! It’s already half-past eight! Justin will be back soon! Hurry and go back up to do your homework, Pete! Otherwise, Justin’s gonna kill us both!” 
He threw $30 onto the table, picked up Cherry, and ran out as if he was competing in a 100-meter dash race. 
But as soon as he ran to the entrance, he immediately saw Justin exiting the bar with a group of bodyguards and waiting for the elevator. 
Chester was shocked. 
He put down Cherry and promptly said, “Go up the stairs to the second floor while I stop Justin. After that, hurry to the top floor! Don’t let anyone find you!” 
Without waiting for Cherry to reply, Chester rushed toward Justin as if he was all prepared for his death. “I need to have a talk with you, Justin.” 
Justin asked, “… What kind of talk?” 
Chester braced himself against his icy gaze, bit the bullet, and said, “A… h-heart… heart-to-heart talk.” 
“I’m not free,” Justin said coldly and entered the elevator. 
Chester followed him in. In order to buy more time, he pressed the elevator buttons for every floor in a panic. “I-it’ll only take a little of your time, Justin…” 
Justin narrowed his eyes and said with mild displeasure, “You’d best really have some kind of trouble that you want to talk to me about.”
“Justin, I think I…” Chester racked his brains, but he couldn’t think of any troubles that he had. Finally, he forcibly said, “I don’t like women?” 
As soon as he said that, even he himself was dumbfounded. 
What the f*ck? 
What did he just say? 
When he saw the contemplative look in Justin’s eyes, he panicked. “No, that’s not what I meant, Justin. I…” 
A rambling Chester said a whole lot of things before he finally made it past the hurdle. When they reached the top floor and opened the door, upon seeing Pete sitting obediently at the desk and studying, he breathed a sigh of relief. 
When he saw that Justin had entered the study, he sneaked over to Pete and winked. “For your sake, I’ve been totally misunderstood…” 
A question mark slowly appeared in Pete’s mind when he heard his inexplicable words: ? 
Had Uncle Chester gone mad? 
Downstairs. 
A puzzled Cherry, who watched her father and uncle enter the elevator, ran after them with her short little legs. Unfortunately, she still missed the elevator. 
Did her uncle tell her to go to the top floor just now?
Wasn’t there only two presidential suites on the top floor? 
As it turned out, Daddy was the dummy next door that Mommy had mentioned?! 
She was going to the top floor to look for her father and ask him why he had driven Mommy and herself downstairs! Didn’t Daddy like her anymore? 
With that in mind, she entered the elevator, tiptoed, and pressed the button to the top floor.
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14: Narcissism Is An Illness. Get It Treated 
Hotel Finest’s management was very strict, and one needed room cards in the elevator, too. 
Cherry’s room was not on the top floor, so she couldn’t light up the button for the top floor even after she swiped the room card through the card reader. 
She pouted unhappily. After thinking about it, she decided to return for now to the 38th floor where her room was and go up the stairs after that. 
But as soon as she got out of the elevator, she ran into Nora. 
Cherry instantly suppressed her desires. 
She could still look for Daddy tomorrow, but Mommy was obviously a little depressed and needed her very much now! 
Nora had called several private investigators, but there were still no leads. After all, if even Angela didn’t know where her son was, then her father might be the only one who knew the truth. 
But to negotiate terms with her father… He was no simple-minded fool like Angela. 
Just as she was lost in her thoughts, a small figure jumped over and hugged her leg. “Mommy, I love you so much!” 
Her thoughts interrupted, Nora rubbed her head and asked softly, “Where did you go to have fun with Mrs. Lewis?” 
Cherry looked at her fingers. She didn’t dare to look at Nora’s eyes when she lied. “We just strolled around in the hotel. It isn’t any fun here at all. Mommy, I’ll sleep with you.” 
Nora let out an “Okay” and opened the door. 
Then, she turned around to see Cherry leaning against the wall and striking a handsome pose. “Mommy, if you miss my brother, then you can just look at me. He probably looks just like me. We’re twins after all!” 
Nora chuckled. “Boy-girl twins are fraternal. Just like ordinary siblings, it’s very difficult for them to look exactly the same.” 
Cherry hung her head in disappointment. “Is that so? I thought he would look just like me.” 
Nora laughed and brought her into the room. 
After taking a bath, the two were lying on the bed when Nora’s cell phone rang—it was from the Smiths. She cast her eyes down and contemplated for a moment. Then, she turned off the cell phone and went to bed with Cherry. 
When she woke up the next day, Cherry had already quietly gotten out of bed and was playing with Mrs. Lewis outside. 
She took a look at her cell phone. Aside from dozens of missed calls from the Smiths, there was also one from her paternal aunt. 
Her paternal aunt had been the kindest to her during all these years. Because of that, her relationship with Lisa was also pretty good. Thus, she returned the call. 
Someone picked up very quickly, but it was her father’s voice that rang out instead. “Here I was, thinking that you’ve already left the family, Nora!” 
Nora lowered her eyes lazily and got out of bed to get something to eat. “What’s up?”
“What kind of attitude is that? I have something to ask you—did you shamelessly sabotage Anthony’s proposal to your sister yesterday? And even hit her when the sabotage failed? Also, you have been saying that you wanted to annul the engagement. Now that you’ve gotten your way, why are you trying to seduce Anthony again? He’s your sister’s fiancé!” 
“…” 
It had always been like that ever since they were children. The moment she and Angela had a disagreement, Henry would blame her for it without even trying to find out the truth. 
Nora was already used to it. She slowly said, “He doesn’t seem to be her fiancé yet, right?” 
“He was going to be very soon, but you’ve messed everything up now! Come back right away and apologize to your sister! Otherwise, don’t blame me if I disown you!” 
“Do what you want.” 
Nora was about to hang up after giving a frosty reply when she heard Henry yelling angrily, “You ungrateful woman! Not only are you disobeying me, but do you also not care whether your aunt is alive or dead?!” 
Nora paused. “What’s wrong with her?” 
“What’s wrong with her? She has a brain tumor! If you have even the slightest bit of a conscience, then come to the hospital in town. Otherwise, you won’t even be able to see your aunt for the last time!” 
“…I’ll be right over.” 
After hanging up, Nora quickly washed up, changed, and went out.
When the elevator arrived, she entered to see that there were already two professionally dressed female elites inside. 
Nora closed the doors after she entered. Her eyes were closed on the way down. She overheard the discussion between the two behind her: 
“Isn’t it inappropriate for us to treat the little mister like this? This is corporal punishment.” 
“What nonsense are you spouting? We were sent by the old madam. Besides, didn’t you see that the little mister didn’t even cry after he was hit? He doesn’t talk very much, either. I heard that he’s autistic.” 
“What? No wonder he looks dull and slow-witted. I’m telling you this secretly, but I felt a little good when I saw him being reprimanded. So what even if you’re rich and prestigious? In the end, he still has to listen to us obediently! But what if Mr. Hunt finds out?” 
“It’ll be because he didn’t finish his homework, then. Mr. Hunt is very strict with the little mister. Fathers would be at their wits’ end once their children cry or kick up a fuss, but Pete only knows how to stubbornly endure it… Even if I don’t give him lunch, I betcha he won’t even say a word about it at night.” 
Ding! 
When the elevator arrived on the first floor, the two tutors walked out and went to eat in the hotel restaurant. 
Nora, who exited along with them, frowned. She felt exceptionally uncomfortable. 
Those two had come from the upper floor, so they could only have come from the presidential suite on the top floor. Therefore, the ‘little mister’ whom they spoke of must be Justin Hunt’s son? 
Nora cast her eyes down and decided to mind her own business.
The cab she booked had already arrived. She was about to get in the car when she heard a commotion behind her. Sure enough, it was Justin who had come out with his bodyguards. 
Nora looked away and got into the car. 
Before the car started, the sight of the child that had buried his head into Justin’s shoulder while being carried by him suddenly flashed into her mind. 
Although she didn’t get a clear view of his face, he looked about the same size as Cherry, so he was likely about the same age as her. 
Ire welled up in Nora. She suddenly opened the car door, got out, and walked straight towards Justin. 
She was stopped by the bodyguards before she even got close. 
Lawrence had already noticed her wandering around the entrance just now. He said mockingly, “Miss Smith, I know you’re intending to express your gratitude to Mr. Hunt for his help yesterday, after which you’ll then ask for his contact information. We’ve already seen these methods a million times. Can you put in a little more effort and use a more novel pickup line?” 
Nora was puzzled. 
In the distance, Justin, dressed in a black suit, kept his eyes straight and entered the Bentley sullenly. He didn’t see her at all. 
At the sight of the car starting, Nora’s eyes narrowed angrily. This was a rare moment where she decided to meddle for once, yet she was being misunderstood in such a way? 
She turned around to leave. After taking a couple of steps, unable to suppress her anger, she turned back and went up to Lawrence. She repeatedly tried to hold back her anger, but still failed in the end.
She said, “Mr. Zimmer, you should have Mr. Hunt visit the neurology specialists when he’s free. Narcissism is an illness. Get it treated.” 
Lawrence was confused. 
It was only after she snapped at him that Nora finally got into the cab as if nothing had happened, and went straight to the hospital in town. 
There weren’t many people in the hospital. 
Nora went upstairs and entered the VIP ward. 
She hadn’t even seen her aunt yet when Henry walked toward her furiously and threw the contract in her face. “Nora, you have to sign the ownership transfer agreement today, and also apologize to your sister! Otherwise, don’t dream of saving your aunt!”
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15: The Siblings Meet 
Nora frowned. Before she could answer, a gentle but anxious voice reached them. “Are you trying to drive me to my grave, Henry?” 
On the hospital bed, a gentle middle-aged woman wearing a hospital gown struggled to get out of the bed. Her hair was all shaved, and she looked frighteningly skinny due to her illness. Her cheeks were sunken, but it nevertheless couldn’t hide her gentle personality. 
She was Irene Smith, her aunt. 
Nora took a couple of quick steps forward and sat on the edge of the bed. She held her hand and greeted, “Aunt Irene.” 
Irene looked at Nora up and down for a moment. Then, her eyes turned red. “You look so much like your mom after you’ve slimmed down, Nora.” 
Her voice trembled as she spoke. “You’ve had such a hard time outside all these years.” 
During the five years when she lived abroad, Henry had never given her a single cent. It was instead her aunt who always sent her some money as living expenses. 
Although it wasn’t much, it was her way of showing her kindness. 
Nora’s heart was warmed. 
At this point, her stepmother, Wendy, said, “Nora, your aunt has been pretty nice to you ever since you were a child, right? She’s sick now, and you’re the only one that can cure her! You won’t watch her die, will you?”
Nora frowned. 
A brain tumor… 
She casually tugged off the medical report and CT scan next to her and started to read them seriously. 
A naggy Wendy said, “Your aunt’s operation is too difficult, Nora. A moment of carelessness and she’ll suffer brain damage, so no one in the hospital wants to do it. Dr. Larson, the head of the Department of Neurology in this hospital, is Angela’s professor at the School of Medicine in her college. If she begs him to do it, maybe he’d be willing to take the risk and give it a go.” 
Wendy sighed at this point before continuing. “But now, Anthony’s saying that without the company, he’ll never get engaged to your sister. Your sister is terribly upset and in a bad mood. You can’t possibly ask someone for help in such a gloomy manner, right? So, as long as you give your sister the company, we’ll let Angela beg Dr. Larson for help. Whether your aunt’s operation goes through or not completely depends on you now.” 
When Wendy finished speaking, Henry shouted angrily, “You must also apologize to Angela for sabotaging her marriage proposal, seducing Anthony out of spite, and for hitting her!” 
Wendy, who was pretending to be the good guy, said, “We’re a family. What are you saying all these for? Sigh, Nora, your aunt’s illness can’t be delayed any further. Why don’t you sign the agreement immediately?” 
While the two were putting on a joint act, Nora finished reading her aunt’s CT scan. 
It was indeed a little tricky. The tumor had enveloped the blood vessels, so the slightest carelessness would lead to mistakes and cause her aunt to die in surgery.
Not many doctors would dare to take on a surgery like this even in New York, let alone Dr. Larson in California. 
Well, aside from her, that was. 
Irene yelled angrily after hearing what they said. “Henry, that company is the only thing that Nora’s mother left for her. How can the two of you be so shameless?!” 
Wendy smiled. “That isn’t quite right, Irene. What do you mean by she left it for Nora? Henry and Nora’s mother were husband and wife at that time. That’s their joint property.” 
“You’re so shameless…!” Irene looked at Nora again. “Don’t listen to their nonsense, Nora. My illness is incurable. Even if you sign the agreement and have them perform surgery on me, there’s a 90% chance that it’ll fail anyway. Hurry and go!” 
“Okay. I’ll visit you again when I have time.” Nora put down the medical record and turned and walked out. 
Her aunt was in serious condition, and it indeed didn’t brook any further delay. What was important now was to contact the hospital and borrow their equipment and facilities first. 
Henry and Wendy didn’t expect that she would just up and leave like that. Moreover, she even disappeared from the ward in the blink of an eye. 
Henry cursed, “She’s a total ingrate. Your kindness toward her was all in vain!” 
Wendy also spoke sarcastically. “You were so kind to her, Irene. But in the end, she didn’t even want to stay a moment longer here with you!” 
Irene bit her lip with her eyes red. “Finding me a doctor had nothing to do with Nora from the start…”
— 
In the top-floor presidential suite of Hotel Finest. 
“Why didn’t you finish your homework from noon, Pete? This section is completely blank! How are we supposed to proceed with the afternoon syllabus if you do that? Finish your homework.” 
With a chilly look, Pete looked at the assignment that obviously hadn’t been given to him at noon and was already beyond his syllabus. 
He didn’t speak but instead stared at the tutor just like that. 
The tutor curled her lip. “What are you looking at me for? I heard that your father completed all these lessons effortlessly when he was your age. Don’t you even know how to do this question? If that’s the case, then it must be your mom who lowered your IQ genes!” 
It was only when he heard the word ‘mom’ that Pete finally reacted. His jaw was taut as he picked up the pen. Then, he started to write silently on the workbook. 
He already knew how to solve these problems a long time ago. 
His mom wasn’t stupid! 
But as soon as he finished answering it, the tutor said, “It’s wrong. Why didn’t you include the problem- solving process? I’ve already told you so many times! Stretch out your hand!” 
Is including the problem-solving process even necessary for such a simple question? 
Pete didn’t move. 
The tutor immediately grabbed his hand, took the ruler, and struck his palm hard a few times.
Smack! Smack! Smack! 
The pain made Pete’s eyes widen, yet he pressed his lips together tightly and refused to speak. 
“This is punishment for not attending the class seriously. Now, your punishment is to attend class while standing!” 
Pete stood for two hours until even his calves were sore. Only then did the tutors end the afternoon lesson. The two tutors were still whispering between themselves when they left: 
“He really can’t speak?” 
“Alright, don’t talk too much. The old madam has instructed us to take good care of the little mister!” 
“Okay. We’ll come again to report to Mr. Hunt in the evening. We must make him sound a little more stubborn and misbehaving. Children who don’t do their homework aren’t good children!” 
After the two of them left, Pete looked at the homework assigned by the tutors on the table. He knew that his answers were definitely “wrong” again. 
Even if he had completed them, they would still say that he didn’t complete his homework. 
But even so, he didn’t want to speak. If he spoke… He pressed his lips together tightly when he thought of the consequences. 
All he wanted now was to talk to Mommy and the little girl next door who was great at playing games… 
The light in his eyes dimmed again when he thought of that. 
Unfortunately, the lady next door had been driven away and she had moved one floor down. 
One floor down…
Pete suddenly stood up. He put on his clothes and quietly left the room. It was impossible for him to take the elevator because the bodyguards were all standing guard there. 
He went along the wall toward the corner and slipped into the stairwell. Then, he opened the door and darted in. 
At the same time. 
Downstairs, Cherry took advantage of the opportunity while Mrs. Lewis was preparing dinner to also slip out quietly. 
She didn’t manage to go there yesterday, so she would go upstairs to look for her father today! 
The tiny form of Cherry, who was wearing a cool children’s outfit, entered the stairwell. Her short little legs climbed up the stairs with great effort. 
As she walked, she suddenly heard footsteps coming from above. 
As soon as Cherry looked up, she saw Pete walking down. 
“…” 
Their eyes met, and for a time, the air was incredibly still and quiet.
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16: Why Do You Look The Same As Me? 
Due to it getting late, the light in the narrow stairwell was rather dim. 
Pete stared at Cherry in shock. 
Her eyes were widened as round as grapes and her mouth slightly ajar. The two stared at each other for some time. Cherry was the first to speak. “Why is there a mirror in the stairwell?” 
Pete was puzzled. 
The corners of his lips spasmed. “This isn’t a mirror.” 
Cherry was dazed and dumbfounded. “Why do you look exactly the same as me, then?” 
The stairwell fell quiet for another few seconds. Then, a hesitant Pete said, “Are we… twins?” 
Tiny Cherry, who finally reacted, leaped forward and hugged Pete excitedly. “Wow! I found my brother!” 
“…” 
Pete, who had always refused physical contact with others, stiffened. 
Blood relations were simply so peculiar. For example, physical contact with people such as one’s mother and younger sister would give one a very heartwarming feeling. 
But as it turned out, had Mommy hugged him and eaten dinner with him because she mistook him for someone else?
This realization made Pete turn pale. He sounded a little sad as he asked, “Why did Mommy abandon me?” 
Cherry let go of him and hurriedly explained, “Mommy didn’t abandon you. It was our horrid grandpa who sent you away. The reason why we came back to the States is so that we can look for you!” 
“Really?” 
Afraid that her brother wouldn’t believe her, Cherry nodded repeatedly. “It’s true! It’s true!!” 
Her soft hands grabbed hold of Pete and she dragged him down the stairs. “Let’s go find Mommy. She’ll definitely be very happy to see you, and then she’ll take us home!” 
Pete was taken aback. “But what about Daddy?” 
Cherry paused. “Oh, that’s right. Mommy definitely won’t want Daddy.” 
“Why?” 
“Mommy thinks he’s trouble and that his familial relationships are complicated, so she finds him very bothersome! Does Daddy like Mommy?” 
With an awfully complicated expression, Pete replied, “Daddy seems to hate my mom.” 
“What do we do?” 
“…” 
A minute later, the two little cuties sat on the steps together. The two of them looked just like peas in a pod as they tried to think of countermeasures with their faces, which still had baby fat on them, propped in their hands.
“By the way, my name is Cheryl Smith! You can call me Cherry. What’s your name?” 
“Peter Hunt. You can call me Pete.” 
“I want both you and Daddy, Pete. And, I can’t leave Mommy, either. Do you have a solution?” 
“…Yes, I do.” 
Cherry suddenly jumped up excitedly. “What is it?” 
With a solemn look, Pete replied, “If we get Daddy and Mommy to fall in love with each other, they won’t despise each other anymore.” 
The two children leaned their heads against each other’s and talked about it. When they finally separated, Cherry suggested, 
“I wanna play with Daddy. Can I pretend to be you tonight?” 
It just so happened that Pete also wanted to spend some time with his mother, so he nodded with his eyes shining brightly. 
Harboring the noble mission of reconciling a broken family, the children then quietly sneaked back to each other’s residence. 
— 
Nora contacted the hospital after she left the ward. The dean agreed to her request immediately. 
Anti was known as the top surgeon in the world. Several of her surgical videos had become classics in many hospitals and medical colleges. 
Having her perform surgery in the hospital was undoubtedly the hospital’s honor.
However, he made a few irrelevant requests—he wanted a few people from the hospital to be assistants so that they could observe and learn from the operation. 
Nora, who didn’t mind, acceded to his requests. 
Next up were the operation site and facilities. The hospital’s equipment was outdated and couldn’t meet the demands of such a sophisticated operation. As such, she could only borrow a few from New York at last-minute notice. 
As the relevant procedures involved were cumbersome, by the time she was done with the calls and settled all the arrangements, more than two hours had already passed. 
Only then did she return to the ward, intending to comfort her aunt. 
She thought that Henry and Wendy would already have left by then, but unexpectedly, she immediately heard a dispute in the ward as soon as she arrived. 
Henry was very arrogant. “If you want Angela to ask Dr. Larson to perform the surgery, then get Nora to surrender the company! Which is more important—that lousy company, or her aunt’s life?” 
Irene’s breathing was unsteady. “Angela, I’ve always treated you well since you were a child. This is also what I would like to ask you—is the company or my life more important?” 
Angela curled her lip. “When have you ever treated me well, Aunt Irene? You obviously favored that damned fatty. Back when you were a seamstress, you would make the same clothes for us. But you must have used more fabric for hers, right? If you had really treated me well, then you shouldn’t have made any for her at all!” 
Her words angered the thin Irene lying on the bed. “Angela, you—”
A dissatisfied Angela went on. “Also, although you gave us the same presents during Christmas, did you think I didn’t know that you always gave that damned fatty another one in private?! Hmph, she’s more of a niece to you than I am, isn’t she? In your eyes, what do you even see me as?” 
Irene clenched her fists. “I was giving them to her in her mother’s stead!” 
Angela curled her lip. She was just about to say something when suddenly… 
Clap! 
Lisa grabbed Angela’s hand. She must have been crying for a very long time because her eyes were all swollen. “Please, Angela. Put in a good word for us in front of Dr. Larson and save my mother!” 
Right after she spoke, she fell onto her knees and pleaded, “Please, Angela!” 
Angela shook her off and stepped away. “Don’t think that I’ll relent just because you’re doing this.” 
Wendy also said, “Oh, Lisa, what are you doing? You should be begging Nora for help instead!” 
This immediately caught Henry’s attention. As though he had just thought of a good idea, he said, “Heed your aunt’s advice, Lisa. Go to Hotel Finest now and get down on your knees at the entrance, and beg Nora to save your mother! 
“Isn’t Nora staying at Hotel Finest because she’s hoping to snag a good husband there? If she doesn’t want to be embarrassed, then she’ll definitely agree to sign the agreement! ” 
“…” 
Outside the door, Nora’s downcast eyes were filled with an icy look. 
When she was a child, she had simply thought that her father was partial to her sister because he had misunderstood her. But now, she suddenly understood that he had understood everything all along. There was actually no real reason for his partiality. 
He could even bring himself to say such horrible things in such a justified manner. 
“Henry!” Irene shouted sharply, “How can you treat Nora like that?!” 
She turned to Lisa and ordered, “I forbid you to go over!” 
The blood on Lisa’s face drained little by little, and she wept silently on her knees. 
“Don’t beg them anymore. Get up, Lisa.” Nora’s uncle, Will Black, suddenly shouted. He pointed at the Smiths and yelled, 
“Get out of here, all of you! You’re all ingrates, all of you! Irene had given her all for her nieces, yet not a single one of you is a decent human being!” 
He picked up the bouquet of flowers at his hand and threw them at Henry. When he drove the three of them out, he happened to see Nora and he paused. 
Nora pressed her lips together, intending to tell him about the operation. “Uncle Will…” 
Will’s eyes were already red at this point. He snapped, “You’re just as much of an ingrate. Get lost!”
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17: How Dare She Insult Mommy And Even Hit Her Brother? 
The door of the ward was then shut. However, one could still vaguely hear the conversation inside: 
Lisa said, “Dad, Nora is—” 
“Don’t speak her name! How kindly did your mother treat her? She treated her like she was her own, but how is she any different from Henry now? She’s holding on so stubbornly to the company and just standing by as your mother dies!” 
Irene said, “Don’t say that about Nora. She’s not doing anything because she knows it’s useless even if she lets go of the company. Don’t vent your anger on someone else…” 
“I know, but I feel so awful when I see her so indifferent!” Will suddenly couldn’t hold it in anymore, and he started to sob bitterly. 
Nora, who was standing outside, could feel their helplessness and anger even through the glass windows. 
“Don’t you feel bad?” 
Henry stood behind her. “For the sake of a company, are you really going to disregard your aunt’s life?” 
Their disputes here were too loud, and it had attracted a circle of onlookers. 
Nora looked down and sent a text message to Lisa on her cell phone, telling her to get ready and that someone would be coming to operate on her aunt in a few days. 
After sending the text message, she ignored Henry and the others’ angry castigation and turned to leave calmly. 
Nearby. 
Justin stood there with Lawrence. A relative had happened to be hospitalized today, so he had specially come to visit. However, he didn’t expect to encounter such a situation. 
Lawrence said, “The Smiths are certainly shameless, but isn’t she a little too callous? No wonder she looks so unfeeling.” 
Justin frowned and said, “Check if there’s anything that can be done about her aunt’s illness.” 
This wasn’t anything hard to find out. By the time they were in the car and on the way back to the hotel, he had already found out everything. 
“Her condition is indeed hard to operate on. There are only two experts in the States who can do it, but the success rate is only 50%. Coincidentally, both experts are currently employed in our hospitals.” 
“…” 
Seeing that the icy Justin wasn’t speaking, Lawrence couldn’t help but say, “If Miss Smith knows what she’s doing, then she’ll use this as an opportunity to approach you.” 
When the car arrived at Hotel Finest, as luck would have it, Justin spotted Nora getting off the cab. Additionally, when she noticed their car, she even stayed where she was and did not enter the hotel. 
Was she waiting for them? 
Nora had indeed spotted them.
She didn’t understand what was going on. She obviously had nothing to do with that four or five-year-old child, but she simply couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable the moment she thought of him being abused by his tutors. 
They misunderstood and thought that I was pursuing him this morning. If I go over now, I’ll really be seen as a stalker. 
Nora lowered her cat-like eyes slightly. From the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of Justin walking past her, surrounded by bodyguards. 
Nora suddenly spoke. She said, “I have something to say, Mr. Hunt.” 
As expected. 
Justin stopped and looked at her with a deep gaze. His exquisite features exuded an aggressive air of heroism, and the mole at the corner of his eye gave off a feeling of slight interest. “What can I do for you, Miss Smith?” 
He had already given her a chance, so she would probably start begging him pitifully, right? 
In a slightly deep voice, Nora asked, “Are your son’s tutors professional, Mr. Hunt?” 
She had only heard what the tutors said in the elevator, and hadn’t seen anything with her own eyes, so she had no way of judging whether or not their words were true. Thus, she merely gave him a subtle reminder. 
Justin frowned, however. 
Why was she keeping quiet about the doctors and talking about the tutors instead? Was it because she was too embarrassed to ask him about it, so she decided to talk about something else first? 
Justin was a straightforward man, so he went straight to the point. He asked, “Do you need me to introduce two doctors to you, Miss Smith? Do you want to speak with Dr. Lane or Dr. Wright?” 
Nora was confused. 
Although Dr. Lane and Dr. Wright were the most famous neurosurgeons in the States, the success rate was only 50% if they operated on her aunt. Why would she go to them? 
Besides, she was talking about the tutors. Why was he bringing up doctors? 
Nora replied impatiently, “No, I don’t. Please show more concern toward your son instead if you’re free!” 
If the tutors really were abusing him, then the responsibility would lie only on Justin. He must have been neglecting the child. 
For some inexplicable reason, she was a little angry, as if it was her son that was being abused instead. 
She left immediately after saying that. 
Justin stared at her from the back with a slightly stunned expression, but he quickly came back to his senses. Anger welled up in him, and his countenance turned a little colder. 
Lawrence couldn’t help but say, “I had thought Miss Smith was so indifferent to her aunt only because she was at her wits’ end. I didn’t expect that she really was leaving her to die. She’s too heartless!” 
Without surgery, her aunt was doomed. 
However, ff she went through with the operation, then she would at least still have a 50% chance of survival. 
The choice was obvious. But that woman was actually so crazy and heartless, and had rejected his kindness?
Forget it, he would just take it that he had unnecessarily meddled into someone else’s business and misjudged her! 
Justin entered the elevator with a sullen look. 
In the top-floor presidential suite. 
Cherry stealthily returned to the room. She was just about to enter the study when she turned and saw a stern-faced woman walking toward her with a ruler in her hand. She said viciously, 
“How can you bring yourself to loiter about elsewhere when you haven’t finished your homework, Pete? Judging from how stupid and dull you look, you must have taken after your mother! Oh, wait, that isn’t quite right because you’re a little bastard without a mother. Hold out your hand; I’m going to teach you a good lesson today!” 
Cherry was confused. 
How dare she insult her mother? And, she was even hitting her brother? 
The soft little girl immediately transformed into the hot-tempered little girl from her gaming time. With her hands on her hips, she was about to hurl insults back at the tutor when the door suddenly opened. 
She turned to see her handsome father, who had the potential to be bossy, cool, affectionate, or reassuring, striding in. 
Cherry immediately forgot what happened just now. Her tiny form leaped forward as if she had wings, but it was at this moment that the tutor caught her by the arm. 
Justin took off his jacket after entering. As per usual, the first thing he did was to ask how his son was doing. “How was Pete today?”
The tutor sighed. “He’s not doing his homework again. Because he didn’t reinforce what he learned, he doesn’t understand when we delve into more complicated topics. He’s awfully stubborn and refuses to listen to us. As a result, his progress is now lagging behind his cousin’s by two semesters’ worth of lessons!” 
A troubled Justin frowned when he heard her report. Although his son’s IQ was excellent, he was introverted and autistic and had trouble expressing himself. He really didn’t know how he should communicate with him! 
He walked up to Cherry, squatted down to face her, and asked patiently, “Why didn’t you do your homework?” 
Wow, looking at him up close, Daddy looks even more handsome now! 
Cherry couldn’t answer him for a moment there. 
Seeing her silent, the tutor secretly scoffed. He was indeed a dimwit that didn’t cry, kick up a fuss, or know how to complain about others. 
Relieved, she started to spin more lies. “We’re really at our wits’ end, Mr. Hunt. We can’t discipline or scold him, so your only option is to employ certain special methods of educating now.” 
Cherry, who was currently captivated by her father’s good looks, thought to herself, What? They couldn’t discipline or scold me?
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18: Teaching The Tutor A Lesson 
Just as Cherry was about to speak, Justin frowned and asked, “What kind of special methods?” 
The tutor sighed and replied, “Pete was born autistic. He doesn’t like to talk nor does he know how to communicate with others. If this goes on, it’ll impede his development. I think you can consider either sending him to medical specialists for treatment or to a school for children with special needs.” 
Her eyes shone after she spoke. 
Once Pete was sent to a school for children with special needs, he would be diagnosed as being mentally handicapped. With that, they would be able to ruin his future! 
Cherry was confused. 
That teacher was horrible! 
She looked at Justin. Should Daddy agree, she would stop seeing him as her father and would get Mommy to save Pete from their clutches. 
Hmph. 
Justin’s expression instantly darkened. He retorted fiercely, “Pete is fine. He doesn’t need to attend a school for children with special needs! If you can’t teach him, then I’ll find someone else! Lawrence!” 
“Yes, sir?” 
Justin ordered, “Settle her wages immediately. She doesn’t need to come in anymore tomorrow!”
The tutor was shocked by his sudden wrath. Justin was usually very polite to them, which made her forget how domineering a man Justin really was. 
She had made a mistake. 
She shouldn’t have said something like that. She should have taken it slow. 
Seeing that she was out of a job, in order to complete her mission, the tutor put on a sincere and earnest expression and said, 
“I am the top domestic tutor in the States, Mr. Hunt. My advice is undoubtedly in your son’s best interests. Since you refuse to listen to the truth, then take it as if I didn’t say anything. I enjoyed myself very much during my time with Pete. Goodbye.” 
Her speech was very in line with what an exemplary teacher would say. 
Justin’s anger faded a little and he said, “Give her an extra half a year’s wages.” 
The tutor was ecstatic. Half a year’s wages were a lot of money! Together with what that person had given her… 
Cherry, who was listening to them intently, was very satisfied. 
Daddy hadn’t given up on Pete. He was indeed protective of him. However, he had been deceived by that teacher! 
As she watched the wicked teacher walk happily toward the door, Cherry’s big grape-like eyes swiveled a little and she asked, “Daddy, am I a little bastard without a mother?” 
Justin was taken aback. He looked down suddenly to see his son looking up at him trustingly. His young, childish voice made what he said next sound particularly heartbreaking: “Am I really very stupid and dull? Did Mommy lower the quality of Daddy’s genes?”
Justin was stunned. His son rarely spoke this much. 
However, the content was especially shocking to him. He restrained his overwhelming fury and asked gently, “Who told you these things, Pete?” 
Cherry stretched out her arm and pointed her chubby little finger at the door. “She did!” 
At the door, the tutor’s legs went limp the instant she felt Justin’s murderous aura and anger. She said fearfully, “Stop spouting nonsense, Pete—” 
Cherry hid behind Justin and hugged his leg. She stuck out her tongue at the tutor and said, “Please don’t hit me again. I’m sorry!” 
The tutor was taken aback. 
Was this really that little dimwit who didn’t talk?! 
At the sight of how fearful his son looked, Justin didn’t give the tutor a chance to explain anymore. He ordered, “Bring her out, Lawrence!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Lawrence grabbed the tutor and pushed her out. 
Justin rubbed Cherry on her head comfortingly and said, “Can you play by yourself for a while, Pete?” 
The upcoming scene was too bloody and unsuitable for children. 
Although Cherry wanted to be with her father, he needed to deal with the vicious teacher now. It was just like how Mommy would also blindfold her and tell her to count sheep whenever she fought others when they were abroad.
She nodded. “Okay, Daddy!” 
Justin only left the room after seeing Cherry pick up a toy without any significant fluctuations in his emotions. 
Lawrence was a very efficient man. By then, he had already interrogated the truth out of the tutor. With his head down, he said, “… It’s your uncle and his family that bribed them. They wanted to make Pete into a stubborn and problematic child so that their own children can take over the corporation. The two tutors were sent by the old madam, so were negligent and overlooked it.” 
The old madam doted on Pete the most. Who would have imagined that the tutors she sent harbored ill intentions? 
Justin clenched his fists and asked, “What did they do to Pete?” 
At the mention, Lawrence’s head lowered even further. He answered, “They punished him by making him stand, hitting his palms, and reprimanding him. Also, they didn’t teach him seriously. They didn’t dare to do any kind of physical abuse worse than that; because they were also afraid that someone would discover what was going on.” 
Justin looked at the trembling woman kneeling on the ground and kicked her in the chest. The blow caused her to immediately cough up blood. 
His dark and overcast countenance made him look as if a demon. He ordered, “Throw her out.” 
Lawrence’s heart trembled upon sensing Justin’s fury. 
However, even he himself was furious, let alone Justin who had always loved and doted on Pete. It was just that his way of expressing it wasn’t quite right.
Justin returned to the room. When he saw Cherry’s tiny little form sitting on the sofa and playing with the toy car, his heart tightened with guilt. 
Pete had been with him since he was an infant. He had personally nursed him and changed his diapers, but even until he was one and a half years old, he didn’t speak at all. When they saw a doctor, he was told that Pete had slight congenital autism. 
Grandma said that it was because the boy didn’t have a mother and thus, had no sense of security. They mustn’t have him, a grown man, taking care of him anymore, so she had arranged for babysitters, family doctors, and tutors for him. 
As Pete slowly grew up and became able to have short conversations with people, it convinced him that Grandma was right. 
Pete was a stubborn boy and always went against him. He often made him so angry that he almost wanted to give him a good thrashing. Despite that, he continued to think that this was a phase that all normal children went through. 
That was, until that incident last week… 
It was all his fault. 
Justin walked over slowly. He sat beside Cherry, softened his voice, and said, “Daddy is sorry, Pete.” 
Cherry stretched out her little arms and hugged her handsome father. “Everything will be fine as long as you can acknowledge your mistakes and turn over a new leaf, Daddy!” 
Justin sighed. Then, he said seriously, “We won’t engage any more tutors. I’ll personally teach you in the future.” 
The happy Cherry was instantly petrified. What
She hated having to do homework the most! Help, Pete! 
Downstairs. 
When Nora returned to the room, she found her daughter sitting on the sofa and looking at her obediently instead of playing games like she usually did. 
She walked over and kissed Pete on the forehead. “You’re so well-behaved today, baby.” 
The soft lips pressed against his forehead, causing Pete to freeze. Yet at the same time, a sense of anticipation also arose in him. 
Mommy’s so soft and gentle. 
He looked at Mommy longingly and subconsciously stood up and followed after her. As he did, he suddenly found his mother stopping and looking at him with a half-amused smile. “Are you intending to take a bath together with Mommy, Cherry?” 
Only then did Pete realize with a start that he had followed her into the bathroom in the master bedroom! 
He was about to retreat, but Nora stooped over and picked him up. She said, “Forget it, let’s bathe you first.” 
Alarm bells rang in Pete’s head. 
Wouldn’t his identity as a boy be revealed if she were to bathe him?
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19: My Brother Looks Just Like Me 
Pete blushed. “No, no, it’s fine, Mommy.” 
Nora chuckled softly and said, “Cherry’s a big girl now.” 
Pete ran away in a hurry after Nora let go of him. 
He stood outside the door to the bedroom and listened to the movements inside. The sound of running water, the sound of someone in the bath, and the sound of Mommy walking around in slippers after she was done bathing. 
After confirming that Mommy was dressed, he opened the door and saw her lying on the bed. With her eyes closed, she said, “Mommy has a very important operation in two days, Cherry. I need a crazy amount of sleep for the next few days, so I’ll go to bed first, alright?” 
“… Okay, Mommy.” 
His sister had told him before that Mommy had poor health and that her hobby was sleeping. She was usually either asleep or dealing with troublesome issues so that she could sleep. 
Therefore, he mustn’t disturb Mommy. 
Two minutes later, when he heard steady breathing coming from where the bed was, Pete tiptoed over to his mother. His tiny little form climbed onto the bed. Then, he found a spot in Nora’s arms and curled up there. Before he knew it, he had fallen into deep sleep while listening to her heartbeat. 
How wonderful. 
He also had a mother now. 
As a result, he didn’t see the SOS messages from Cherry on the cell phone in his pocket: 
“Help, Pete!” 
“Let’s exchange our positions again, Pete!” 
“Sob, I don’t love Daddy anymore!” 
Downstairs. 
Cherry took advantage of the opportunity while Justin was pouring a glass of water to send another text message to her brother on her cell phone. When she saw that he still wasn’t replying, she could only give up and start tackling her assignments. 
She bit her pen and stared at the textbook, her face all wrinkled as she frowned. 
She, who had grown up abroad, was still at the literacy development stage. She couldn’t understand the questions on the papers at all! 
Justin sat next to her when he returned. 
It had been half a year since he last tutored his son. As such, he didn’t know how far their current progress was. He pointed at the simplest question and asked, “Do you know how to solve this?” 
Cherry’s big eyes were completely blank. 
Justin fell silent for a moment. Then, he flipped back to syllabus from half a year ago. “What about this?” 
Cherry shook her head hard. 
“…”
Justin stared at her. He wanted to ask Pete why he couldn’t solve the question now when he could do it half a year ago. Also, was he really shaking his head when he hadn’t even read the question? 
Cherry wordlessly suggested, “Why don’t we learn about history instead, Daddy? I’m very knowledgeable in that.” 
“… Alright.” 
Justin flipped open the textbook. “Who’s the first president of the United States?” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up. She raised her hand and said, “I know this!” 
Justin breathed a sigh of relief. His son had fallen behind in his mathematics, but it would also do if he was doing well in his history classes. 
As soon as the thought formed, he heard her yell, “Tom Cruise!” 
“… It’s George Washington!” 
Cherry blinked. “Oh right, I must have remembered it wrongly. Next question please, Daddy.” 
“Which American politician was assassinated in 1963?” 
“Leonardo DiCaprio!” Cherry immediately answered. 
“…” 
Justin took a deep breath and told himself not to get mad. His son had just started talking a little more. He mustn’t lose his temper. He decided to try again. “Who invented the light bulb?” 
Full of confidence, Cherry answered, “Keanu Reeves!”
As Justin looked at his son’s usually stern countenance that seemed more alive and animated today, he couldn’t help yelling, “Peter Hunt!” 
Cherry looked up, her expression as though she was eagerly seeking praise. “Aren’t I great, Daddy? There’s still a lot more that I know!” 
Justin was perplexed. 
But when he saw how his son looked, he immediately reined his temper in. 
The tutors were the ones who had taught him all these, so what was he losing his temper at the kid for? He would just ‘reward’ those two tutors even handsomely! 
Justin said glumly, “Let’s continue tomorrow.” 
“Okay, Daddy!” 
Cherry heaved a huge sigh of relief. Seeing Lawrence poking his head into the room every now and then because he probably had something to talk to her father about, she carefully climbed down from the chair and said, “I’m going off to play now!” 
“…” 
Justin rubbed his temples as he watched her run off. 
Lawrence entered the room. With a complicated look, he said, “Pete seems to be doing worse than how the tutor had put it. If this goes on, he’ll probably fall to the last place in the year-end assessment, right? Do you want to quickly contact a few other tutors? There’s still time until the end of the year…” 
The Hunts held assessments for the children at the end of each year.
Pete always took top place in the past. That was how he became known among outsiders for having a high IQ. 
Yet his grades had deteriorated so badly in just half a year. 
No wonder it was said that even though children had good memory, they were also prone to forgetting. Once they stopped learning, their grades would suffer immediately. 
Flames of fury flared in Justin’s eyes. He closed his eyes and pondered for a long time before he finally sighed and said, “Forget it. Let’s not force him to do it anymore.” 
It was exactly because he had placed too much emphasis on education in the past that he always fell out with his son. 
But when he saw how he smiled and how he cried and kicked up a fuss, it was then that he realized that his son’s mental health was more important than anything else. 
Even if his son were to really forget everything that he had learned and take the last place in examinations every time, he could just live from day to day in the future. He would pave the way for his son’s future. 
Justin, who had always been bold and resolute when facing the unscrupulous commercial world, hesitated for a moment. Then, he asked, “Do you find Pete very different today?” 
The abuse had been ongoing for a very long time, but his son had never once mentioned anything. 
Yet not only had he spoken up today, but his personality seemed to also have become a lot more cheerful? 
For some reason, Justin suddenly thought of what that woman had said downstairs… How did she know that the tutors were problematic?
Had Pete been keeping in contact with her all this time? 
A pondering Lawrence also said, “Could Miss Smith have counseled Pete? Speaking of this, she’s really not a simple woman. After all, so many women have tried to gain Pete’s favor in order to get near to you, but all of them have been unsuccessful.” 
Lawrence couldn’t even keep count of how many of Justin’s suitors he had had to handle in the past anymore. 
He thought for a while and asked, “Do you want to consider giving Miss Smith a chance to get near you if she really has a positive influence on Pete?” 
Justin hesitated for a while before he asked, “What is she doing now?” 
A hesitant look appeared on Lawrence’s countenance again. “When the cleaners went to clean the room just now, they heard from the nanny that she’s asleep, and she forbade them from disturbing them. Her aunt’s life is still in limbo, yet she can still bring herself to sleep?” 
A person who could do that was too unfeeling. 
Justin’s expression darkened. “Don’t let her make contact with Pete so often anymore.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Lawrence wanted to say more, but Justin suddenly noticed that the little fellow had fallen asleep on the sofa. 
He gestured to Lawrence to keep quiet. Then, he walked over and picked up Cherry, intending to carry her into the bedroom.
A dazed Cherry suddenly placed her arms around his neck and said, 
“Mommy, I’ve found my elder brother. He looks just like me…” 
Justin paused and frowned.
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20: Let’s Have A Date, Mommy, Daddy! 
Justin stared at the young child in his arms. Her murmur reached his ears. It seemed like she was calling out for her mother… The light in his eyes dimmed. 
Pete rarely asked about his mother. 
But as it turned out, to his son, his mother was such an important figure. 
He lowered his eyes, hiding the complex emotions within. Then, he carried Cherry into the bedroom, took off her shoes, and tucked her in. 
He gazed at his son’s young, sleeping visage for a long time before he quietly exited the bedroom. 
The next day. 
“Sorry, I fell asleep last night. Did Daddy scold you last night, Cherry?” 
Cherry lay on the bed and sent her brother a voice message back. “Nope, because even though I don’t know much about mathematics, I’m awesome at history! Daddy was so moved that he canceled my homework!” 
Pete believed her. He said, “Okay. Don’t forget our plans today.” 
Cherry was about to reply when the door opened. 
Justin pushed the door open and walked in to see his son on the bed with his butt perched high into the air while texting on his cell phone.
At the sight of him, his son turned off the cell phone screen in a slight panic. Then, with a guilty conscience, he blinked with his big cute eyes and exclaimed, “You look even more handsome today, Daddy!” 
Justin couldn’t help but smile when he heard the little fellow complimenting him. “…You’re a handsome fellow, too.” 
“No, that won’t do.” Cherry corrected him seriously and said, “‘Handsome’ is used to describe boys. I’m going to be pretty when I grow up!” 
Justin was perplexed. 
Cherry flipped the quilt aside and climbed out of the bed nimbly. Then, she held his large hand with her own small one and asked, “Wanna have breakfast, Daddy? Cherr… Cherry Pit is really hungry!” 
“…” 
Justin glanced at her hesitantly again. 
Grandpa was the one that had named him Peter, in hopes that he would be as resilient and down-to- earth as a rock. How did that become ‘cherry pit’ instead? It sounded a little sissy. 
He took Cherry to the dining room. 
The presidential suite was bigger than 5,000 square feet. It had four bedrooms, two studies, a living room, a lounge, a gym, a kitchen, and a dining room. 
While they were eating, Justin instructed, “Get the family doctor here.” 
Cherry ate slow, so Justin got the nanny to look after her after he finished. Then, he entered the study with the family doctor who had hurried over.
As the doctor stood there, he saw his employer’s expression changing again and again before he hesitantly asked, “Is it possible to tell a five-year-old child’s sexual orientation?” 
During the history quiz the day before, all the names that his son had mentioned were good-looking and attractive men. 
Moreover, his son’s wish to become ‘pretty’ and how he had called himself ‘cherry pit’ this morning was rather worrisome. 
Was Chester being a bad influence on him? 
When the family doctor saw how serious he was, he replied solemnly, “One’s sexual orientation is generally already decided at birth. But if you have concerns about this, I can prepare a test for Pete.” 
“…Okay, get the test ready.” 
After giving the doctor instructions, Justin exited the study. The moment he returned to the dining room, he saw Chester and his son’s arms slung across each other’s backs while they spoke with each other in low voices. His face immediately sank. 
“Why didn’t you log on to the game last nigh—” 
Chester was stuffing bread into his mouth and speaking with a muffled voice when he suddenly felt a chilly aura coming toward him. 
He turned his head slowly to see the tyrant standing behind him. The look in his eyes was as if he wanted to kill him. 
Chester was so frightened that he jumped up from the chair. “A-are you okay, Justin?” 
Justin retracted his scrutinizing gaze and walked in between Chester and Cherry. He said, “No one’s living next door. You can move in there instead.” 
Chester was confused. 
Why was he sensing acute disdain from the tyrant? 
When Cherry was full, she walked over and put her arms around Justin’s leg. Then, she looked up and asked adorably, “Can you accompany me to the movies today, Daddy?” 
Just as Justin was about to refuse, his son wheedled, “C’mon, Daddy! Pretty please?” 
That tone…! 
Justin bent over and picked Cherry up. “Don’t plead with others so lightly, Pete.” 
Cherry’s big round eyes blinked. “Will you go, then?” 
“… Alright.” 
In order to make it up to his son, he had already postponed all his work and meetings today. Since he wanted to go to the movies, he would accompany him. 
The two picked an afternoon screening for a cartoon film. Before leaving, Cherry secretly sent a message to Pete: “All set, Pete! What about you?” 
Pete replied very quickly: “We’ve already set off.” 
How could Nora possibly reject the request? She was always sleeping, so she was already spending less time with her child than other mothers. Thus, as long as the request wasn’t too much, she agreed to every one of Cherry’s requests.
As she had to perform surgery the next day, she had slept all the way until 2 pm. Then, she took Pete to the movie theater while yawning. 
At the entrance of the movie theater, the corners of her lips spasmed a little as she looked at Pete. “It’s just a movie, Cherry. Is this really necessary?” 
Pete had a mask on. “…It’s to prevent being infected by contagious diseases.” 
Nora held her forehead with her hand. “And the shades?” 
Pete pushed them up a little and replied reticently, “It looks good.” 
“…If you say so.” 
After Nora bought some popcorn and cola, she took his hand and led him into the movie theater. After taking their assigned seats, Pete took out his cell phone and sent a text message to his sister: “Are you here yet?” 
Cherry was currently following Justin into the movie theater sulkily. 
She wanted popcorn, but her father had adamantly refused to buy her some, saying that it was unhealthy. He was horrible! 
Justin intensely disliked large movie theaters like this. Not only were there a lot of people, but the air was also very dirty. But because his son wanted the experience, it wasn’t quite appropriate for him to book the whole theater, either. 
He entered the cinema sullenly with Cherry in his arms. When he reached the seats assigned to them based on the tickets that his son had bought online, he immediately spotted the woman already seated there.
The theater was very dark, but she was so fair that it dazzled one’s eyes. 
Her eyes were lidded and she seemed very sleepy. Her arms were comfortably crossed and she was currently asleep. 
Justin’s expression darkened. 
He had been wondering why his son suddenly wanted to come to the movies and even bought tickets. So, in the end, it was all still that woman’s scheme. 
He wanted to turn around and leave, but when he thought of his son’s mental health, he suppressed his impatience and placed Cherry between the two of them in the end. 
He would never give her a chance to get close to him again. 
The two cuties, who both had masks on, exchanged a look with each other. How were Daddy and Mommy going to fall in love with each other if they didn’t sit together?! 
The movie started at this point. 
The theme song of Frozen started to play. With just a glance, the movie instantly grabbed Cherry’s attention and she started to watch it with her eyes widened. 
Half an hour later, Cherry suddenly smelled popcorn. Engrossed in the cartoon, she subconsciously nudged Nora and said, 
“Popcorn, Mommy!” 
Nora, who was dozing off, let out a dazed “Okay”. Then, she picked up a piece of popcorn, took off Cherry’s mask, and stuffed it into her mouth.
Pete was astounded.
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21: The Operation! 
The expression of Justin, who wasn’t interested in the movie, instantly darkened after he saw what she had done. 
Instead of feeding her own daughter, she was feeding his son. 
If even something like this wasn’t her attempt at trying to please him and pursue him, then how else was he supposed to interpret her actions?! 
Upon sensing a cold aura coming from the side, Nora slowly opened her eyes and looked over. 
When confronted with Justin’s deep and dark eyes, which also had a bit of a sharp look in them, she was taken aback for a moment. 
Was she dreaming? 
Otherwise, why was she seeing Justin in the movie theater? 
Her sleepiness disappeared instantly. 
She lowered her eyes lazily and wondered, Is this a coincidence? Or is Justin here because he suspects that I’m Anti and has come to sound me out? 
Things had gotten troublesome. 
She wanted to pretend that she didn’t see him, but her instincts told her that the man seemed to still be staring at her at the moment. On top of that, he had a rather hostile look in his eyes.
Nora turned to the side and gave a perfunctory greeting. “What a coincidence, Mr. Hunt.” 
A coincidence? 
The look on Justin’s face turned darker. “Never mind that we’re watching the same movie, but even our seats just so happen to be next to each other’s? What a coincidence, indeed!” 
Nora was puzzled. 
Why did he sound so sarcastic? 
She frowned. “What do you mean by that, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin replied coldly, “I told you, I hate it when people try to approach me by using my son. Did you forget what I said, Miss Smith?” 
Nora was astonished. 
He was misunderstanding her again and again. Had he had enough yet? 
Nora slowly retracted her gaze and looked in front of her seriously. She said, “You are indeed an attractive man, Mr. Hunt, but you shouldn’t be too narcissistic, either. Men like you who look prettier than women aren’t my type.” 
Justin sneered, “Your actions are so blatant, Miss Smith, yet you’re still trying to hide your intentions? Let me make things clear—I’m not interested in you. If you have the time to seduce me, why don’t you think about how to cure your aunt’s illness instead?” 
His words angered Nora. That man must be sick in the head! She said coldly, “Don’t worry, you needn’t bother yourself with my aunt’s illness at all!”
When he heard how she glossed over the topic, Justin became even angrier. He was about to retort when the moviegoer with their children seated in the row in front of them suddenly turned around and snapped, “Hey, we’re in the middle of a movie here. Can the two of you refrain from quarreling with your other halves in here?!” 
Justin was bewildered. 
Nora was bewildered. 
The movie theater was pitch-dark. Justin didn’t know why, but he didn’t immediately feel any disgust when someone else misunderstood him and Nora as a married couple. Instead, a dazed feeling, not easily detectable, arose in him. 
The moviegoer added earnestly, “Can’t the two of you, as husband and wife, control yourselves a little better in front of the children? You’re scaring them!” 
Nora looked at where the moviegoer was pointing and looked down to see Cherry who was sitting there with a mask on and only her eyes exposed. 
Justin bent over and picked her up. He said with displeasure, “This is the last time I’m warning you, Miss Smith. The next time I see you approaching my son, I’m not holding back!” 
He strode away right after saying that. 
Nora was bewildered. 
She glanced at the other side, finding herself mystified when she saw Pete there. It seemed like her hand had gone the other side instead when she was feeding Cherry just now, right? 
While she was hesitating, Pete held her hand silently and said, “Let’s go too, Mommy.” 
He hereby declared that the first date had failed.
When they returned to the hotel, it was already four in the afternoon. 
Nora went to sleep again. The next day’s operation would last seven or eight hours. If she didn’t get enough sleep, she wouldn’t have enough strength and energy to support her through it. 
Pete, who was next to her, anxiously sent a text message to Cherry: “How’s it going over there, Cherry?” 
Meanwhile, on the top floor. 
Cherry was facing off with Justin. 
Justin ordered, “You’re forbidden from making contact with that woman in the future.” 
Cherry’s large eyes were full of grievances as she asked, “Why?” 
Knowing that it wasn’t right to speak badly about other people in front of children, Justin didn’t answer right away. 
However, Lawrence, who was next to him, answered, “It’s because she’s someone that just sits on the sidelines and watches without doing anything even though her aunt is sick. On top of that, she’s even going to the movies! That woman is too cold-blooded!” 
Cherry panicked and retorted angrily, “Mommy isn’t cold-blooded! She’s someone that values relationships the most! She’ll definitely save Grandaunt!” 
Justin’s expression darkened. Never mind that she was cajoling his son to call her Mommy, but he’s even addressing her aunt as Grandaunt now? 
“You’re a bad Daddy! You can’t say that about her! I’m ignoring you!”
Cherry pouted aggrievedly. With tears in her eyes, she ran straight into the bedroom. 
Justin clenched his fists angrily. He had been getting along well with his son today, yet now, he had actually made his son cry because of that woman! 
At this point, Lawrence came over and said excitedly, “Mr. Hunt, we’ve received news that Anti is coming to the hospital in town for an operation! Observers are allowed during the operation. I’ve asked for a spot, and I plan to send someone there to stand guard. We’ll catch hold of her this time for sure!” 
Justin thought for a while, then looked at the bedroom. At last, he said, “I will go in person!” 
— 
The next day. 
Nora didn’t go to the operating room after entering the hospital. She went to the ward to visit her aunt first, intending to comfort her. 
As soon as she entered, a worried Lisa came over. “Nora, is the message you sent me yesterday saying that Mom will undergo surgery today true?” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” 
Next to them, Angela sneered, “You’re such an unlearned piece of trash, Nora. Do you know that Aunt Irene’s tumor is located in a very risky area? It’s impossible for ordinary surgeons to operate on her!” 
Nora looked at her. “I know that.”
“Since you do, then why did you still look for someone to operate on her? You’re obviously taking her life lightly!” Angela looked at Will and Lisa and said, “I’ve already shown Dr. Larson Aunt Irene’s CT scan a long time ago, and even he is hesitant to take on the task. Do you really think she can get a better doctor than Dr. Larson?” 
When Will heard this, he asked somewhat hesitantly, “Tell me the truth, Nora. How high is the operation’s success rate?” 
Before Nora could even reply, Angela scoffed and said, “I’ll tell you the truth—there are only two doctors in the States that can achieve a success rate of 50% in this operation. Apart from them, everyone else can only achieve 10%! If you don’t undergo the operation, Aunt Irene can still live for another two months, but if you do, there’s a 90% chance that she won’t be able to come out of the operating room alive today!” 
Her words frightened Lisa so badly that blood drained from her face. “I-isn’t there a better doctor?” 
“Oh, there is!” Angela said, “There’s Dr. Anti, the top surgeon in the world. To her, there is no surgery that cannot be done! She can achieve a 100% success rate. Unfortunately, Dr. Anti is currently abroad and a great distance away from here. Even so many of the wealthy and powerful can’t find her, so how can ordinary people like you possibly convince her to do it?” 
“…” 
The ward was dead silent. 
Just as Angela was all smug and both Will and Lisa had lost all hope, the three suddenly heard Nora’s low voice: 
“In that case, do you know who the doctor I got is?”
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22: Anti! 
Angela said sarcastically, “Did you not understand what I was saying? Unless it’s Dr. Anti, the situation won’t change, no matter who you’ve gotten over!” 
Scaring a patient before their operation, and making them nervous and full of distrust toward their doctor held zero benefits for the operation. 
Nora had come over intending to comfort her aunt right from the start. 
At the sight of their pale faces, she was just about to utter the name “Anti” when Irene suddenly said, “I trust you, Nora. Let’s get ready for the operation.” 
Nora paused. 
Angela said sharply, “What a fool. Are you also in a hurry to die?” 
Lisa became even more nervous. “Mom.” 
Irene gave her a wry smile and said, “How many doctors have your father and you approached for this operation? No one dares to do it because none of them wants to be held responsible. It’s hard no matter who does it anyway, so why bother so much about who the operating surgeon is?” 
She would take the risk. 
And see if God also thinks that this should be the end of her life. 
She looked at Lisa and Will and said, “Remember this, Will, Lisa. No matter whether the operation succeeds or not, this is what I’ve chosen. It has nothing to do with Nora.”
Nora lowered her gaze, her heart warmed. 
The door to the ward opened and a nurse came in. “Mrs. Black, we’ll be transferring you to the operating room now.” 
Outside the operating room. 
After waiting for Irene to be transferred into the operating room, Nora decided to head off to make pre- operation preparations. However, the moment she turned, she heard Angela’s voice. 
“Where are you going, Nora? I get it now. You must be having a guilty conscience, so you’re too scared to face what’s going to happen, right? You’re afraid that the Blacks will blame you for Aunt Irene’s death when the hospital staff brings her dead body out later! 
“You can’t go! You have to stay here and take responsibility for Aunt Irene’s life!” 
Nora paused and slowly said, “I have something on.” 
Angela scoffed and said, “What do you have that’s more important than Aunt Irene’s life? Why are you so cold-blooded?” 
Will, who was listening to the conversation between the two, clenched his fists. His eyes were filled with fierce disappointment. 
No matter whether the operation succeeded or not, he wasn’t going to cast any blame on Nora. But as his wife’s most beloved niece, couldn’t she even stay with her during the surgery? 
At this time, a nurse came up and said, “Can I get her family members to sign the medical liability waiver form, please?” 
Will’s hand trembled at the sight of the surgical consent form and the liability waiver form she handed over.
With her eyes red, Lisa’s voice trembled as she asked, “What does this mean?” 
Angela stepped forward, her face still sporting a relaxed and happy smile. Obviously, she wasn’t concerned at all about the life of the person in the operating room. She said sarcastically, 
“It means that the doctor won’t have to take any responsibility even if he causes the death of the patient during the surgery! Aunt Irene’s surgery is such a difficult one. The doctors aren’t fools; they’ll definitely ask for liability waiver form to be signed.” 
Lisa’s face turned pale with fright. 
Angela was extremely satisfied. Her eyes swiveled a little and she grabbed the consent form from the nurse. Then, she looked at the section naming the chief surgeon at the bottom as she said, “I wanna see who this surgeon is, so brave to actually undertake Aunt Irene’s operation!” 
The operation was bound to fail, but that surgeon had agreed to operate on her aunt, thereby potentially ruining her grand plans to usurp the company. She wanted them ruined! 
There was a sinister look in Angela’s eyes, but when she saw who the chief surgeon was the next moment, she suddenly froze! 
How could this be?! 
“Anti?” Beside her, Lisa exclaimed, “Is this the top surgeon in the world that you guys were talking about just now?!” 
“What?” Will also exclaimed, “Let me take a look!” 
As the two of them stared at the chief surgeon’s name, their eyes started to light up again. Will looked at Nora in surprise and asked, “Nora, how did you manage to get Dr. Anti to do the operation?”
Nora cast her eyes down and randomly made up a story. She said, “Anti likes challenging operations, so I tried emailing them Aunt Irene’s CT scans. I didn’t expect them to agree.” 
Will’s eyes turned red. “I’ve misunderstood you, Nora!” 
“It’s okay.” 
Nora said dispassionately, “But I really do have something up, so I’m going off first.” 
The shocked Angela was still frozen in place even after she left, and she watched Lisa and Will sign the forms. Will even cried because of how ecstatic he was, and she felt as if she had been made to eat her words. 
“Hurry up, Dr. Anti has already arrived!” 
Several doctors from the hospital strode into the operating room. They were representatives that the dean had carefully selected to observe Anti’s operation. This was a rare opportunity for them. 
Dr. Larson, the head of the Department of Neurology, happened to be among them. When he was about to enter the operating room, he suddenly caught a glimpse of Angela and he stopped immediately. He called out, “Angela, is that you?” 
Angela came back to her senses and greeted him. “Dr. Larson.” 
Dr. Larson was Angela’s professor at the School of Medicine in college. 
He asked, “Why are you here?” 
Angela hurriedly answered, “My aunt’s the patient.”
Dr. Larson’s eyes lit up right away and he beckoned to her. The two went over to the side and he asked, “What’s your family’s relationship with Anti?” 
Angela replied, “My aunt is in serious condition, so the operation’s a challenging one. Practically none of the doctors in the States are capable of performing it, so I tried emailing Anti. Unexpectedly, she really agreed to take on the operation! Can you bring me in to observe the surgery, too?” 
A scheming look filled her eyes. 
It was that damned fatty who had sent the email, but how would Anti know who the sender was anyway? 
It is undoubtedly an honor to be able to observe Anti’s surgery! 
Enlightened, Dr. Larson said, “So, you’re the one that got Anti over. You’ve made a huge contribution to the hospital! Of course, I can bring you in.” 
Angela hurriedly followed after Dr. Larson. Among those here to observe, apart from the well-known specialists in the hospital, there were only a few promising doctoral students. She was the only undergraduate there. 
If she became a well-known doctor, then Anthony definitely wouldn’t find her beneath him anymore! 
Nora slipped into the operating room through the side door. As soon as she entered, she spotted Lily, her surgical assistant. She had flown into the States overnight in order to help out today. 
In order to keep their identities secret, the two of them were the only ones in the dressing room. 
Lily put on the surgical gown for her. After completing the disinfection procedures, they entered a room in the second hallway. There, they ran into the doctors present to observe the operation.
They had changed relatively quickly and were currently crowding around Angela and chatting. 
“To think you actually managed to get Anti over, Angela! I heard from Dr. Larson just now that he intends to get the hospital and college to focus on training you!” 
“Wow, that’s so awesome. You’ll definitely become a well-known surgeon in only a few years!” 
“What an honor it is for undergraduates to observe Anti’s surgery!” 
Angela, who was surrounded by them, felt as if she was on cloud nine. 
At the sight of Anti, she hurriedly walked up to her and said, “Hello, Dr. Anti. I’m the one that sent you that email. Thank you for operating on my aunt. I really look up to you. Can you give me a chance to become a postgraduate student under you?” 
Nora was bewildered.
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23: Eating Her Words! 
Nora had a mask, goggles, and surgical cap on, so she was totally covered from head to toe. No one could see what she looked like at all. 
Therefore, none of them saw the mocking smile at the corners of her lips. 
She really didn’t expect her younger sister to be this shameless. 
Had it been before, she might have considered being a little nicer, but now… 
Nora suddenly smiled and said, “Oh, so you’re Nora Smith?” 
She had deliberately lowered her voice, which made her voice, which was already deep, sound even deeper as if she had a sore throat. 
As soon as she said that, the whole operating room suddenly fell silent. Everyone, including Dr. Larson, looked at Angela. 
Angela’s smile froze, and a cold sweat broke out on her forehead. 
Did that damned fatty actually sign off the email? 
Dr. Larson’s expression turned sullen and he asked, “What’s the meaning of this, Angela?” 
Angela braced herself and started to make up a story. She said, “I’m sorry, Professor Anti, Dr. Larson. I was afraid that Professor Anti would reject my request, so I was too embarrassed to use my real name and ended up using my sister’s.”
Dr. Larson’s expression mellowed. “I see.” 
Gee. 
All of her sister’s ingenuity had been put into use here instead. 
Nora cast her eyes down. As she walked to the operating room, she asked seemingly curiously, “How did you get hold of my email address?” 
Angela, who had just heaved a sigh of relief, was bewildered. 
Why would anyone ask about this? Besides, her aunt was the patient. Her claim that she had sent the email made logical sense, so there was no need to press the issue at all. 
She wiped off the perspiration that had formed on her forehead again and stammered, “I… I asked a friend for it.” 
Nora continued her questions as if nothing had happened. She asked, “Can you tell me what my email address is?” 
Angela abruptly stood still, the exposed parts of her face already pale. 
Her reaction was too telling. 
A red-faced Dr. Larson reprimanded, “What’s the matter with you, Angela? Were you the one who sent the email or not?” 
Angela could only tell the truth. “N-no, it wasn’t me.” 
Having reached the doors to the operating room, Nora opened them. Before entering, she heard Dr. Larson shouting angrily behind her,
“To think you could bring yourself to say something like that in order to observe the operation! A student of poor character and upbringing like you is not worthy of observing Anti’s operation. Get out!” 
In the operating room. 
Irene clenched her fists nervously as she laid on the cold bed and stared at the ceiling. 
She turned her head toward the door when she heard it opening. When her gentle eyes met the doctor’s, she swallowed nervously. 
She knew that she would probably die on the operating table today. 
A 10% success rate was too low. 
Just as a wry smile appeared on her lips, the doctor suddenly came over. In a low voice, she said, “I’m Anti, Aunt Irene. Go ahead and sleep. When you wake up, you’ll be all fine.” 
Irene’s eyes widened suddenly. Past the goggles, a pair of familiar cat-like eyes entered her sight. 
— 
On the top floor of Hotel Finest. 
“Daddy’s a bad man who misunderstood Mommy. I’m not talking to you.” 
In the bedroom, Cherry hugged the one and only plush toy in the pile of toys and turned her back to the door as she sat in the corner. 
The big and tall Justin stood at the door. 
The little fellow had such a bad temper. She had been ignoring him since the day before, and she kept staring at him accusingly with her big and teary eyes, making it seem as if he had done some terribly
heinous things. 
Lawrence was in the room trying to coax her. He said, “Don’t sit here anymore, Pete. Why don’t we go over to where the toys are?” 
Cherry raised her head and curled her lip as she said, “There are only cars and airplanes there. It’s no fun! Why aren’t there any Barbie dolls?” 
Justin’s jaw tightened. “…” 
He looked at the family doctor and asked in a low voice, “Is the test ready?” 
“Yes, it is.” After answering, the family doctor walked into the bedroom cheerfully and said in a cajoling voice, “Why don’t we do a little test, Pete? I’ll give you a Barbie doll when we’re done.” 
Cherry, who was completely unaware that this would put her brother in a rather unfortunate situation, immediately nodded. “Okay!” 
Seeing his son happily following the doctor and walking out of the bedroom, worry appeared on Justin’s countenance. 
The test was over very quickly. A short half an hour later, Cherry bounced out of the study with the Barbie doll that the family doctor had rewarded her with and ran past Justin into the bedroom without looking anywhere else. 
“…” 
While looking at her from the back, Justin, who had an indescribable expression on his face, entered the study and asked, “Are the results out?”
The family doctor coughed and replied, “Yes, it is. Please be mentally prepared, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin clenched his fists tightly. The family doctor said tactfully, “It is obvious that Pete pays more attention to men than women. The test has shown that he thinks he’s… a little princess.” 
Bam! 
Justin slammed his fist on the desk. He, who had always faced all the dirty deception and trickery in the commercial world with skill and ease, actually found himself feeling a little helpless. 
What was he to do about this? 
The sound startled the family doctor. It was only when he looked back and saw Lawrence beckoning him at the door that he finally walked out of the room. 
After waiting for another half an hour, Lawrence said, “It’s time, Mr. Hunt.” 
He had already asked around—Anti’s operation would take seven hours. The timing would be just nice if they went over now. 
Justin stood up solemnly. “Let’s go.” 
He glanced at his son when he was leaving the room—combing her doll’s hair. He hummed a little song as he nimbly braided the doll’s hair. Then, he picked a set of clothes and started to change the doll into it. 
He tried, again and again, to keep his temper under control. At last, he said, “Daddy’s going out for a while, Pete. Let’s play with the airplanes together when I’m back.” 
Cherry ignored him. 
Justin then said, “I’ll buy you a Barbie when I come back in the evening.”
Cherry’s eyes brightened and she looked at him eagerly. However, she forced herself to look away. She said, “Cherr… Cherry Pit doesn’t want a Barbie doll. I want Mommy.” 
Sob, she had already changed places with Pete for two days. She missed Mommy. 
“…” 
What the heck was ‘Cherry Pit’?! 
Justin, who felt as if his heart had been pierced by a million arrows, left the hotel brokenhearted together with Lawrence and headed to the hospital in town. 
In order to ensure that he could catch Anti, Justin decided to enter the operating room. 
While he was changing, next to him, Lawrence said, “This is a psychological issue, Mr. Hunt. How about we ask Miss Smith to come over and talk to Pete?” 
Justin cast his eyes down. The thought of Nora irritated him even more. 
When he came in to change, he had noticed that her aunt was still in the middle of her operation, yet she was nowhere in sight. A woman like that… 
He rejected the suggestion again. “No, it isn’t necessary.” 
Even if his son wasn’t normal, at least he wasn’t a heartless and callous person. 
After leaving him a cold reply, he pushed the door open and entered the operating room. 
Inside the operating room, all the lights were focused on the operating table.
His eyes locked directly onto the woman who was currently performing the operation with full concentration! 
Upon seeing her, a slightly stunned expression came over his countenance.
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24: Meeting Each Other 
Justin had seen a photo of Anti before, but the woman who was performing the surgery. She seemed much thinner than the one in the photo? 
He stood quietly behind the crowd. 
No one was allowed to enter the operating room in the middle of the operation. If it weren’t for the fact that this hospital belonged to the Hunts, it would also have been very difficult for him to enter. 
Therefore, Justin abided by the rules very much and didn’t go forward immediately. He intended to wait until Anti had finished the operation before he approached her. 
The operating room was very quiet. Only a woman’s professional but hoarse voice sounded from time to time: 
“What’s her heart rate?” 
“Her blood pressure?” 
“#10 blade.” 
“Hemostatic forceps.” 
She had likely already been operating on the patient for six and a half hours. The assistant behind her was constantly wiping the perspiration off her brow, but even now, her hands were still very stable and didn’t show any traces of trembling at all. 
Her eyes, as she stared intently at the operating table, were focused and serious. Although one couldn’t see her face, she nevertheless exuded an indescribable charm. 
Justin initially thought that he had arrived too early, and felt rather irked that he had to wait here for twenty minutes. But as he watched her perform the dry and boring surgery, before he knew it, the time had actually already gone by. 
This continued until she finally said, “Close the wound.” 
The assistant who had been behind her all this time replied, “Okay.” 
The chief surgeon was the one who performed the operation while the assistant did the simple stitching at the end. 
Everything had gone smoothly in the operation so far. 
But at this point! 
It seemed like someone had accidentally bumped the tray that an assistant was holding, and the scalpel on it suddenly fell onto the ground! 
The scene instantly became a little chaotic. 
The lights around the operating table were very bright, which caused the sides to look a little dark in comparison. Anti was hidden right among the assistants moving about! 
Anti, who was among them, reprimanded, “Why were you so careless? It’s fortunate that the final stitches are the only thing left. You guys, go and clean up with me!” 
“Okay.”
The assistants, together with Anti, were all wearing surgical gowns of the same color. They headed straight to the sterile area. 
Justin quickly followed after them. 
After entering the sterile area, they took off their goggles, masks, and gloves, and washed their hands with running water. Except for one, the rest were all blond. 
Anti wasn’t blond. 
Thus, Justin walked straight behind the only person who wasn’t blond there, clapped his hand over her shoulder, and said, “Hello, Anti. I’ve heard a lot about you.” 
However, the woman that turned around was a plain Jane. She looked at Justin in surprise and said, “Dr. Anti has already left. I’m Lily, her assistant. You are?” 
Justin frowned. It was then that he realized that he had been fooled. 
Did Anti really think she could get away today, though? 
He took a step back, picked up his cell phone, and called Lawrence. He ordered coldly, “Lock down all of the operating room’s exits and check all the personnel inside!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
In the operating room. 
From the corner of her eye, Nora could see Justin going out of the ward. She let out a huge sigh of relief as she stood in front of the operating table. 
She had already known before she came as Anti to perform the operation that the news would definitely get out and attract the attention of that man with high social status.
Therefore, she had already made preparations for it beforehand. 
It was common knowledge that the chief surgeon didn’t do trivial things like sutures. 
However, Nora demanded perfection when operating on her aunt, so she would definitely do it herself. 
To everyone else, Anti had already left with the assistants. Who would have thought that she had merely turned around amidst the chaos earlier and was actually still here? 
She moved quickly. Within a mere ten minutes, the stitching was completed. 
Finally, after checking her aunt’s various data indicators, she announced, “Operation successful.” 
The duty of postoperative care was given to a professional nurse. She and the two remaining assistants then followed the observing doctors to the sterile area. 
Nora yawned sleepily. 
The toll that a seven-hour operation took on one was unimaginable. To people who naturally had a weak constitution like her, it was very punishing. 
She would probably have to sleep for 14 to 15 hours straight when she gets back later. 
She was just thinking about that when she suddenly noticed Lily, who was in the sterile area, giving her a look. 
Nora paused. A foreboding feeling suddenly arose in her. 
The next moment, she saw a row of bodyguards in black standing at the operating room entrance and checking everyone’s identities one by one.
Lily demanded angrily, “What is the meaning of this, Mr. Hunt? We were invited to perform an operation. Why should we undergo your unreasonable cross-examination?” 
Justin stood guard at the door with an unwelcoming presence, his tall figure exuding a strong sense of oppression. 
Next to him, an expressionless Lawrence replied, “My apologies, miss. You’re not doctors employed by this hospital after all. Should any accidents happen to the patient, I’m afraid we’ll have to take responsibility. Therefore, please leave behind your contact information.” 
Nora cast her eyes downward slightly and sighed inwardly, That tyrant is really hard to get rid of. 
How about fighting her way out? However, her sore fingers and weak legs were telling her that she currently didn’t have enough strength to do that! 
She didn’t notice that Justin had been staring at her. 
Even though she was wearing a surgical gown, her figure was very similar to Anti’s. 
Everyone in front was cooperating with Lawrence’s investigation, but she was the only one standing at the back and looking a little like she had a guilty conscience. 
Justin strode over to her. His thin lips parted slightly and he said, “That was a really good trick. You almost had me there.” 
Everyone looked over, making Nora the focus of the sterile zone. 
Justin said solemnly, “Dr. Anti, why don’t you take off your mask?” 
The man was tall, and there was an intimidating and oppressive air around him when he stood in front of one.
Nora suddenly let out a low chuckle. Then, she reached up and took off her mask and goggles. The goggles hooked onto her surgical cap, causing her dark hair to also cascade along with the action. 
Justin’s eyes widened at the sight of her familiar and exquisite visage. 
How could it possibly be her? 
Nora lowered her eyes like she always did and said in a low and lazy voice, “Since you’ve caught me, I have nothing to say.” 
Justin’s heart skipped a beat. Then, he heard her continue and say, “I am indeed in the wrong for sneaking into the operating room to watch over my aunt. If the hospital wants to hold me accountable, I’ll take it.” 
Then, she looked up and said frostily, “However, as a family member of the patient, I should think that the hospital can understand why I did that?” 
Her voice was cool and clear like the clink of glasses, which gave off a sense of steadiness. 
The first thought that came to Justin’s mind was actually “So, she didn’t ignore her aunt!”. 
Nora observed the man in front of her. 
The look in his eyes was unfathomable and his eyes were deep and dark. Even the mole at his eye exuded an unpredictable and mysterious air. 
She didn’t know whether he believed her or not. 
While she was thinking, the man suddenly said, “If Miss Smith agrees to a condition of mine, then on behalf of the hospital, I can promise not to hold you accountable.”
“What is it?” 
Justin let out a low cough and said, “Come back to the hotel with me and play with my son for two hours.” 
Pete had been angry with him since the night before and had ignored him even all the way until he went out, and kept asking for Mommy. 
Now that he knew that she wasn’t such a cold-hearted and unfeeling person, his son would definitely cheer up if he brought her back, right? 
Nora was bewildered.
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25: Triggered? 
If her memory was serving her right, the first time they met, he had warned her to stay away from his son. When they were at the movies the day before, he had also given her another warning. 
Was the man suddenly out of his mind? 
Seeing her surprised, a somewhat uncomfortable look came over Justin’s face. 
In order to get close to him, that woman had done everything possible to get Pete’s approval. Therefore, she would never miss this opportunity! 
He was just thinking about it when he saw Nora casting her eyes downward coolly. “You must be mistaken, Mr. Hunt. I’m not a childcare teacher. Neither do I have any fantasies about you.” 
Justin paused. 
Nora took a step forward. With a momentum that didn’t lose out to his in any way, she said, “Also, if the hospital really wants to hold me accountable, please contact my lawyer.” 
After saying that, she covered her mouth, yawned, leisurely walked past Justin, and left the operating room. 
She was already on the verge of falling asleep. How would she possibly have the time to play with a kid? The most important thing now was to hurry back home and sleep! 
Even Justin didn’t have the right to detain people at will. 
If he couldn’t find Anti, then the only thing he could do was release them.
In the car back to the hotel, Lawrence complained, “Can Anti be an eel? Why is she so slippery? How did she get out when I was obviously standing guard outside?” 
Justin, who was in the back seat, replied, “There are three possible explanations. One, our intel was wrong and Anti is blond. Two, Anti has very good moves and managed to escape, but this is unlikely.” 
“Yes, we surrounded the area very securely. Unless the hospital has an underground tunnel or she can fly, there’s no way she can get out.” Then, Lawrence asked, “What’s the third possibility?” 
Justin kept quiet. Then, he turned and looked outside the car and slowly said, “Nora Smith is Anti.” 
The corners of Lawrence’s lips spasmed a little. “Compared to that, I’d rather believe the second one. We’ve already thoroughly investigated Miss Smith. Someone who has never even gone to school can’t possibly be Anti. Speaking of her, though, it turned out that she was the one that emailed Anti. That was why Anti had come. No wonder she was always so calm whenever her aunt’s surgery was mentioned. As it turned out, it was because she had total confidence…” 
Justin pressed his lips together tightly and frowned. Then, he suddenly said, “Find someplace where we can buy a Barbie.” 
— 
In the stairwell on the top floor of Hotel Finest, the two children had sneakily met up. 
An aggrieved Cherry whined, “I haven’t played any games for two days, Pete! Daddy is too strict. He doesn’t let me use the cell phone!” 
Pete replied, “Let’s switch back for now.” 
Cherry nodded. “Yes, yes, yes! Let’s switch again after I’ve played my games for a day!” 
“Yeah.”
Cherry sighed. “Daddy really hates Mommy, Pete. What should we do?” 
Pete frowned. After pondering for a while, he said, “if the soft approach doesn’t work, then let’s try the hard approach.” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up. “What kind of hard approach!” 
The two little ones put their heads together and discussed for a long time before they finally reluctantly separated. 
Before leaving, Cherry blinked and said triumphantly, “By the way, the doctor made me do an IQ test today. My IQ is really high! The doctor rewarded me with a prize, and even Daddy was speechless with astonishment!” 
Mommy had also let her do something similar before, and even praised her and called her a genius. 
She had made her brother proud today! 
Pete, who believed her again, praised her. “You’re so awesome.” 
He returned to the room. He was just about to enter the study and spend some time doing some revision when he heard the door open. Justin strode in. 
He took off his coat. Then, he walked over and said, “Don’t be mad anymore, Pete. Take a look at the toy that Daddy bought you.” 
Pete’s eyes lit up. 
The tyrant was always urging him to study every day and rarely let him play. He had actually bought him toys today?
Then, he saw Justin walk over with a big pink Barbie and place it on his desk. 
A question mark slowly appeared in Pete’s mind again. 
Seeing that his son didn’t react, Justin thought he was still mad and asked gently, “Shall Daddy play with you?” 
Pete stared at him with an indescribable expression. “…” 
Seeing that he was finally reacting, Justin braced himself and suggested, “Let’s style Barbie’s hair and change her.” 
He opened the Barbie’s box packaging and took out the doll. However, after picking up a lock of hair, his fingers—which were extremely nimble and flexible while playing the piano—froze. 
“…” 
With a constipated look, Justin looked at his son and asked, “Do you know how to tie a braid, Pete?” 
Pete was speechless. 
After the two stared at each other for a long time, Pete finally slowly uttered, “…This is so stupid.” 
Justin’s face instantly darkened. For some reason, his son’s calm and unflappable expression made him unable to control his anger. “I’m doing this all for you!” 
Pete lowered his head and flipped open the book, completely ignoring him. 
Justin was shocked. 
Then, he stared at the question that his son was looking at. The question was beyond Pete’s current syllabus, so he asked, “Can you understand such a difficult question when you don’t even have a strong
understanding of your basics?” 
Pete raised his head and glanced at him again. Which part of this simple question was difficult? 
The tyrant’s behavior was simply a mystery today. 
He said coolly, “Don’t disturb me when I’m studying.” 
“…” 
Justin felt very speechless when he saw how his son was acting as if he totally understood the question when he clearly couldn’t solve it, and he said, “Fine, do what you want!” 
He would see for himself how long Pete could carry on the pretense for! 
After dinner, a perplexed Justin sat in the study. 
His son had obviously been behaving very adorably, so why did he suddenly become reserved and taciturn again? 
Although he seemed more normal now, for some inexplicable reason, Justin instead missed the way he had wheedled and how animated and quick-witted he had been previously. 
He picked up his cell phone and called the family doctor straightaway. He asked, “Why is Pete’s personality switching back and forth?” 
The doctor thought for a while and replied, “Maybe something had triggered him previously, causing his personality to change.” 
A trigger… What could have possibly triggered him? 
Could it be that woman?
Downstairs. 
Nora took a bath and fell into a deep sleep immediately after she came back. 
With her cell phone in her hand, Cherry sat on the sofa and played games with Chester. 
Chester was as talkative as ever while they played. He said, “Did you get into an argument with Justin again? That behavior doesn’t work on him. Why don’t you wheedle instead? Also, Justin didn’t manage to find Dr. Anti today, so he’s in a bad mood. Aren’t you just asking for it by doing that?” 
He was looking for Dr. Anti? 
Cherry was stunned. She glanced at the bed in the bedroom and asked, “Chesty, why is Daddy looking for Anti?” 
Chester replied, “Isn’t it obvious? It’s for you—” 
Before he finished, the doorbell rang. 
Mrs. Lewis was busy in the kitchen, so Cherry jumped off the sofa and walked over to the door. She didn’t think much and opened the door right away. 
Justin was currently outside the door. He wanted to try asking Nora again to go upstairs to take care of his son. 
He got ready to speak when the door opened, only to spot Cherry right away.
###Chapter 26: A Single-Celled Organism
“…” 
One was big and tall while the other was small and short. The two stared at each other for a full two or three seconds before the shocked Cherry subconsciously tried to close the door. 
Pete had told her that they mustn’t acknowledge each other before Mommy and Daddy fell in love with each other. Otherwise, it would trigger a terrible battle for custody! 
However, the man reached out and held the door open. He asked in surprise, “Why are you here, Pete?” 
Cherry was terribly alarmed. 
Justin’s expression was dark and overcast. 
He bent over, picked up Cherry, and ordered, “Come upstairs with me!” 
But Daddy will discover what’s going on when we go up and run into Pete! 
Cherry struggled and shouted, “Let me go! Mommy, help!” 
Mrs. Lewis, who heard her cries, rushed out of the kitchen to see Justin entering the elevator with Cherry in his arms. 
Shocked, she ran over to the bedroom in a panic and woke Nora who was in a deep sleep. “Nora! Wake up! Something has happened! Mr. Hunt took Cherry!” 
Nora was in a deep sleep, but she instantly woke up when Mrs. Lewis shook her awake. 
She got up and went straight out after putting on her slippers. She didn’t even have the time to change.
At this point, Cherry had already been brought upstairs. 
After they entered the presidential suite, as she watched her angry and handsome father walk toward the study with her in his arms, she thought to herself, We’re finished! We’re finished! 
Because her father was holding her tightly, she couldn’t even inform Pete about what was going on. 
They would definitely be exposed now. 
Creak! 
Justin stopped in his tracks as he opened the door to the study. 
To prevent her father from scolding and disciplining her, the quick-witted Cherry decided to take the initiative to admit her mistake first. She said weakly, “I’m sorry, Daddy. Cherr—” 
Before she could say “Cherry didn’t mean to keep it from you”, she saw that… The study was actually empty? 
After a short pause, the words at the tip of her tongue turned into “—y Pit didn’t mean it.” 
Her large eyes were full of confusion. 
Where was Pete? Where had he gone? 
His son’s soft and tender voice made Justin’s anger slowly fade away, and he couldn’t bring himself to lecture him anymore. 
He gently put Cherry down and held her shoulders tightly as he said, “Don’t leave the top floor so casually, no matter what happens, Pete.” 
He was trembling.
As the heir to the number one family in the States, a lot of people had their eyes on the Hunts. 
Justin had been kidnapped before when he was a child and had only managed to return alive after going through hell. The events had almost traumatized him. That was why he had worked so hard all these years to protect and hide his son from the public eye. 
But how few many times had Pete met Nora Smith? Yet he had sneaked downstairs! And, the most frightening thing was that he didn’t even notice it! 
What if she had ill intentions, or what if someone were to kidnap him on the way downstairs? The consequences… He didn’t even dare to think about it! 
Sensing her father’s inexplicable fear, Cherry suddenly hugged him and patted him comfortingly on the shoulder. “I won’t do it anymore, Daddy.” 
The soft and tiny figure in his arms made Justin stiffen again. 
This was the first time in all these years that his son had been so affectionate to him. 
Justin’s turbulent emotions gradually calmed down as he took in the faint milk-like scent on her. He sighed deeply and, as a compromise, said, “If you really like Miss Smith that much, we can let her come up here to spend some time with you.” 
Cherry was at a loss for words. 
Seeing that she had successfully glossed over the issue with her dad, Cherry looked at the half- completed workbook on the desk and wondered, where’s Pete? 
Meanwhile, Chester, whom the other two had neglected, was currently on the sofa in the living room and doubting his life choices.
Two minutes ago, he was playing games with his team leader when he suddenly heard Justin’s angry voice and his nephew’s calls for help. 
As his sidekick in the game, Chester absolutely had to stick up for him. Thus, even though he was terribly afraid of the tyrant, he had still rushed over, intending to save Pete from ‘danger’. This way, Pete would probably scold him a little less often in the game, right? 
But in the end, what he saw was that Pete was currently safe and sound while doing his homework? 
He had suspected that his eyes were deceiving him at that time, and he even deliberately rubbed his eyes. But when he looked over again, he found that his nephew was still sitting right there. 
He picked up the phone again after that. The game’s voice chat was still connected, and he could clearly hear his team leader calling for help: “Stupid Daddy, let me go! I’m gonna look for Mommy! I don’t wanna go upstairs!” 
“…” 
Then, he saw his nephew put down the pen and rush out without a word. 
About twenty seconds later, the door was pushed open. Justin walked in with Pete and the two of them entered the study again. 
Chester rubbed his eyes again. 
The child that Justin was carrying did indeed look exactly like his nephew. 
And, her conversation with Justin was also still being transmitted to his cell phone through the game’s voice chat… But if the person who had been playing games with him all this time was his nephew, then who was it doing homework here just now? 
Also!
His nephew had changed into another outfit in the span of twenty seconds? 
He stood up blankly and walked out with his cell phone. As soon as he went out, he ran into the family doctor. He grabbed the doctor’s hand right away and said in a troubled voice, “Please give me a checkup, Doc. Why am I hallucinating when I’m still so young? Do I have some kind of mental illness? I don’t want to die yet!” 
The doctor was rendered speechless. It seemed like he had suddenly become terribly busy. 
Meanwhile. 
Pete was in the stairwell and going down the stairs. 
Through the glass on the door to the stairwell, he saw his father enter the suite with Cherry in his arms, and he became relieved right away. 
It was fortunate that Uncle Chester had arrived in time. Otherwise, everything would really be exposed. 
He waited there for a while until Cherry sent him a voice message. After the two little ones exchanged information with each other, a troubled Cherry asked, “Uncle Chester saw both you and me just now. Will he realize something?” 
Pete replied, “No.” 
“Why?” 
Pete pursed his lips and replied, “He’s a single-celled organism. He can’t imagine anything that complicated.” 
None of them knew that he had a younger twin sister. Had he not bumped into Cherry, he wouldn’t have understood why Mommy had acted so familiarly with him.
Even the tyrant had never once imagined anything like that, let alone his simple-minded uncle? 
Pete put down his phone and walked downstairs. 
He had only just taken a step down when he heard hurried footsteps. Right after that, Nora came rushing up. 
She looked terribly angry as if she wanted to fight someone to the death. When she saw him, relief came over her and she asked, “Are you on your way back, Cherry?” 
Pete nodded. “Yeah.” 
Nora hesitated for a moment but didn’t say much in the end. She turned around to head back down and said, “Let’s go home first.” 
Then, she took Pete’s hand and went downstairs. 
On the way back, she felt as if her daughter had become a lot quieter than before. 
After returning to the room, Nora scanned Pete up and down. She stared at him and asked, “Are you sure Justin didn’t do anything to you, Cherry?” 
Seeing how Mommy was so nervous, Pete nodded. 
At this point, Mrs. Lewis came over. She frowned and asked, “Why are you in a different set of pajamas, Cherry?”
###Chapter 27: Pete The Little Princess
The look in Nora’s eyes instantly sharpened when she heard this. 
A girl going out and returning in different clothes—now, this was no doubt something serious. 
Seeing that Mommy had become suspicious, Pete looked at Mrs. Lewis calmly and replied, “No, I’m not. Did you remember wrongly?” 
Mrs. Lewis hesitated when she saw how sure he was. “Really?” 
“Uh-huh.” Pete then changed the subject. He imitated Cherry’s way of speaking and said, “Go to bed, Mommy. I’m gonna go play games too!” 
Her daughter was behaving a little weirdly, but Nora was simply too sleepy. Even her mind was in a total daze. She nodded and said, “Alright.” 
She would settle the scores with Justin again after she woke up. 
Abducting her daughter from her place without even so much as a greeting was absolutely intolerable. 
This time, she slept straight until noon the next day. 
When Nora woke up, she saw a text message from Lisa saying that her aunt was awake and that she wanted her to visit her together with Cherry if she was free. 
Nora went to wash up first. But when she came out, she instead saw Mrs. Lewis having a staredown with her daughter again. 
Mrs. Lewis, who was holding a beautiful princess dress, was trying to coax Cherry into wearing it. She said, “Why don’t you wear this, Cherry? You’re visiting your elders, so you have to be appropriately
dressed.” 
Pete was expressionless as he stared at the pink puffy dress. “…” 
He felt that he would probably die of embarrassment if he put on the dress! 
Nora frowned and asked softly, “Can you tell Mommy why you don’t want to wear a princess dress today, baby?” 
Although Cherry had boys’ clothing, deep down, she was actually a little princess. She loved dressing up the most whenever she had to visit her elders. 
Seeing that Nora had become a little suspicious, Pete could only grit his teeth and take the dress from Mrs. Lewis. 
Because it was autumn, the dress even came with a pair of white leggings. 
Pete was lost for words. 
He entered the bedroom, put on the dress with much difficulty, and came back out after that. When he saw Nora’s satisfied expression, he heaved a silent sigh. 
For the sake of their reunion as a family, he was really doing so much! 
When she saw how her daughter looked as if she couldn’t even walk properly anymore after not having worn a princess dress for so long, Nora decided to just pick her up. Then, she walked out. 
When she entered the hallway, she subconsciously hid her daughter’s face. 
Nora’s mother had passed away just a year after she was born. She left behind only her last words that forbade her from behaving in a way that showed off her abilities. She was to keep a low profile and be plain and mediocre until she gained the ability to protect herself. Otherwise, she would be in danger.
She didn’t know what kind of danger her mother was referring to, but she had always followed her instructions. This led to her forming a habit of being cautious and staying low-key. 
The two of them went downstairs and took a cab to the hospital. When they arrived, they went straight to the VIP ward. 
Irene, who had bandages around her head, was already awake. A checkup in the hospital had shown that she didn’t suffer any damage to the brain at all. The operation had practically gone perfectly. 
The troubled looks on Lisa and Will’s faces a few days ago had already disappeared, and they were elated to see her. Lisa even rushed up to them and hugged Pete. “Are you Cherry? You’re so cute and pretty!” 
Pete was lost for words. 
Amidst all the joy and happiness in the ward, a hostile voice suddenly reached them. “Tsk, disappearing during the operation because you were afraid of being held responsible, and then returning like a good person once the operation went smoothly. Nora, you’re very scheming, indeed.” 
What accompanied the voice was a red-eyed Angela walking in. She had rather serious dark circles under her eyes filled with a hateful look. 
The school had issued her a warning after Dr. Anti exposed her the day before, which cost her the title of Most Excellent Graduate in her college’s School of Medicine this year. 
She tried to incite discord between Nora and the Blacks and said hatefully, “All she did was just move her fingers a little and send an email to Anti, and all of you are already so grateful to her? If she really cared about Aunt Irene, she wouldn’t have left during the operation!”
As the patient in question, Aunt Irene would definitely be sad, right? 
As soon as the thought formed in Angela’s mind, she heard Irene say, “Thanks for yesterday, Nora.” 
Nora chuckled and replied, “No problem at all.” 
The two exchanged a look. As if they had some kind of tacit understanding between them, both of them turned a deaf ear to Angela’s words, which made her cheeks burn. She looked like a clown for trying to sow discord between them just now! 
Mad and anxious, she was about to say something when Wendy asked, “Is this your daughter, Nora? She’s so cute.” 
Nora frowned. She found her annoying. 
At this point, Irene also asked, “Why are all of you here?” 
The Smiths had never once expressed any concern when she was hospitalized, yet they were coming here so frequently these days. They were really getting in the way of her catching up with Nora. 
A look of disdain flashed across Wendy’s eyes. 
Did Irene really think that she wanted to come to a place like a hospital? It was all because Nora refused to answer their calls, so they had to come to the hospital to look for her. 
Henry, who was the last to enter, frowned and replied, “We’re here to visit you, of course.” 
After speaking, he followed Wendy’s gaze and looked at Pete. He put on a fake smile and said, “So, is this Cherry? Although her father may be a ruffian, she looks pretty cute.” 
Pete retorted, “My father is not a ruffian.”
Angela scoffed and said, “You’re right. Not even your mother knows who your father is. Maybe he’s not a ruffian but an even more unbearable beggar? Or perhaps a criminal? In any case, based on your mother’s looks back then, no man who’s even slightly normal would ever take a fancy to her!” 
Nora blocked Pete from them, rolled up her sleeves, and asked coldly, “Was the beating last time not enough?” 
She didn’t care about their mockery, but she was afraid that Cherry would be sad. 
Thinking of the slap Nora had given her previously, Angela took a step back and hid behind Henry. “Dad, look at her! She wants to hit me even when you’re here. She’s too overbearing!” 
Henry threatened angrily, “You just try laying a hand on her, Nora! You’re really running riot, aren’t you?!” 
Wendy stepped forward to mediate between them. She said, “Don’t be violent in front of children. Nora, when I saw Cherry, I couldn’t help but wonder, if that little boy from back then is still alive, he’d probably also be very good-looking, won’t he?” 
When she said that, Nora suddenly looked at her. 
All these years, she had repeatedly asked Henry where he had abandoned the child from back then. He had always kept mum about it, so why were they bringing it up today? 
Sure enough, Henry took out the agreement again the next moment. “Aren’t you looking for your son? Sign the ownership transfer agreement and I’ll tell you where I abandoned that little bastard!” 
Nora clenched her fists. A grave look appeared in her eyes. 
Henry added forcefully, “You’ve been back in the States for a week, haven’t you? You’ve also approached a few private investigators, but I believe they don’t have any news, right? I’ll tell you this—
I’m the only one in this world who knows where your son is. If you really want your son back, then sign the agreement.” 
Nora’s son was her weakness. 
Nora took the pen from Henry without hesitation to sign the agreement. 
At the sight, the eyes of Pete, who was next to her, widened in horror. “Mommy, don’t!” 
Nora turned to him and said, “Stop making a fuss, Cherry. If we can find your brother, I’m willing to give up everything I have, let alone the company.” 
He realized how much Mommy loved him. 
Pete’s eyes reddened and he hurriedly grabbed Nora’s hand.
###Chapter 28: I Know Your Son’s Whereabouts
Pete wanted to tell the truth, but if Nora were to know the truth now, she would definitely take him and his sister away and leave their father here alone. 
Although he was always going against the tyrant, Justin was nonetheless still a qualified father. 
He still remembered how the tyrant would always bring him to work and all his meetings when he was a baby… 
Seeing that Mommy was about to sign the agreement, in that split second, Pete suddenly picked up the glass of milk next to him and splashed it all on the papers! 
Nora had only written a word when the milk soaked through the papers. The ink immediately ran, obviously invalidating the agreement. 
Henry cursed angrily, “What are you doing, you little bastard?” 
Pete held the glass with an innocent look and replied, “My hand slipped…” 
Upon hearing his reply, Angela stepped forward angrily and raised her hand immediately. “You little bastard, you did that on purpose! I’m going to kill you!” 
Nora bent over, picked him up, and held him protectively in her arms. With a sinister look, she snapped, “How dare you!” 
Lisa braced herself and held Angela back. “I’m sure she didn’t do it on purpose, Angela…” 
Irene also stretched out her arm anxiously. “What are you being serious with a five-year-old for, Henry? It’s just a contract. Just print another copy!”
Henry was terribly furious. He was just about to get his hands on the agreement, but a five-year-old had actually ruined everything! 
Wendy gnashed her teeth in fury. However, she managed to stay more rational and she ordered, “Go back to the Smiths and reprint the agreement.” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. She looked at her daughter in her arms and said, “I’m sending Cherry back to the hotel first.” 
Even if it was for the sake of finding her son, there was no way she would let her daughter come to any harm. 
Henry sneered, “Heh, you sure are being rather protective of a little girl who isn’t even worth a few dollars. We’ll wait for you at the Smiths.” 
Nora walked out with Pete in her arms. 
Wendy pushed Angela lightly and said, “Take the car and follow your sister to the hotel, Angela. Your dad and I will take a cab back home.” 
Angela stomped her foot and demanded, “Mom, why?” 
Wendy lowered her voice and replied, “What if she doesn’t come over after returning to the hotel? Go and keep tabs on her.” 
Only then did Angela finally realize what she meant and hurriedly chased after Nora. 
On the way to the hotel, Pete sat in the car’s back seat, his eyes cast downward in deep thought. 
He had only temporarily interrupted Mommy from signing the agreement just now. If he wanted to destroy the baddies’ plans, he’d need to think of another solution.
He quietly picked up his cell phone and sent a text message to Cherry: “Cherry, are you there? It’s urgent!” 
Cherry replied very quickly: “I’m here! What’s up?” 
With his eyes downcast, Pete continued to send her messages: “Use Daddy’s cell phone and send an anonymous email to Mommy. Do it fast! The email’s content is…” 
Nora’s cat-like eyes were slightly downcast. She looked unperturbed, but in truth, waves had long been churning in her heart, and she felt awfully restless. 
Would her father really tell her where her son was after she signed the agreement? 
She was still thinking about it when her cell phone suddenly vibrated. She picked it up casually, but after glancing at it, she suddenly froze. 
An anonymous email lay quietly in her mailbox. 
There were only a few words in the email: 
“I know your son’s whereabouts. Don’t sign the agreement.” 
The look in Nora’s eyes immediately turned cold. Who had sent her the email? 
She placed the phone horizontally in her lap. Her two cool, pale, and slender fingers quickly tapped away on it as she tried to track the sender’s location. Suddenly, her eyes widened in shock and her hands abruptly drew back. 
That was so close! 
It was fortunate that she had stopped in time. A little more and her cell phone would have been forcefully shut down and rendered useless.
Who exactly had sent her the email? They were actually able to get Y, the internationally renowned hacker, to write firewall software for them! 
The authenticity of the email’s content was worth considering, but more importantly, it had suddenly given her a wakeup call. 
Nora’s long slender fingers tapped against the car seat as she thought about everything that had happened during this week after she returned to the States. 
Both the Grays and the Smiths seemed to hold great interest in the small company that her mother had left her. 
There were definitely secrets that she was unaware of hidden in the company. 
The car quickly arrived at the hotel. 
“What? You’re not signing the agreement anymore?” Angela yelled sharply, “Don’t you want to look for your son anymore?!” 
Nora raised an eyebrow and sneered, “I’m not stupid. What if Dad gives me false information after I sign the agreement? How am I supposed to tell whether it’s true or not?” 
Angela stomped her foot in anger. “Nora, how can you go back on your word?!” 
Nora took Pete’s hand and, with her eyes downcast, said coldly, “You want me to give you the company? Sure. Tell him to find my son and bring him to me first.” 
After leaving behind those words, she took Pete’s hand and walked straight into the hotel.
She had only just taken a couple of steps when she suddenly heard someone exclaim, “Wake up! Wake up!” 
Her keen intuition as a doctor made her look over abruptly. At once, she saw a middle-aged man collapsed at the side. His face had turned pale and he was clearly not breathing anymore. 
Nora said to Pete, “Go upstairs by yourself first, Cherry. I’ll go over and take a look.” 
On the top floor of the hotel. 
Cherry was combing her newly bought Barbie’s hair. 
Justin was seated on the sofa next to her and staring at his cell phone solemnly. 
Q, the international hacker, had actually tried to bypass his cell phone’s firewall just now. He didn’t know what Q’s purpose in doing so was. 
While he was musing over it, Cherry picked a pink tutu dress from the Barbie’s row of princess dresses and asked, “How does this one look, Daddy?” 
Justin, who couldn’t bring himself to watch, replied, “… It’s passable.” 
“What about this one? There are so many pearls on it and it’s shiny!” 
“…It’ll do.” 
“Daddy, you’re so patronizing! You didn’t even look at it!” 
Justin looked up to see his son with his hands on his hips. He looked very adorable and very much like a little princess with his cheeks all puffed up angrily. 
“…”
Although Justin liked his son lively, he was nevertheless still blinded by how he looked. Thus, he simply stood up and went to the study. “I’ll go and finish some work.” 
He needed some time alone. 
He tried hard to convince himself to accept it. In the end, he consoled himself by telling himself that as long as his son didn’t wear a princess dress, everything was fine! 
At this point, Lawrence walked in and gave him his report. He said respectfully, “Mr. Hunt, we’ve re- investigated Miss Smith.” 
Justin sat upright and said coldly, “Tell me.” 
“Nora Smith has been fat since she was a child. Due to poor health, she didn’t go to school much. 
“Five years ago, she couldn’t bear the loneliness and became impregnated by an unknown man before marriage. She gave birth to a daughter afterward. It’s said that the Grays were very displeased about it, so the Smiths had to send them abroad to get out of the public eye…” 
Lawrence frowned after he finished going through the basic information. “There’s something very strange, though. There’s no information at all about Miss Smith during her five years abroad. It’s as if someone had erased all the traces.” 
Anti had become famous three years ago. It was very hard for someone to pick up medicine in just two years. Moreover, her technique was so immaculate, so she must have gone through a great deal of practice. 
Lawrence continued and said, “But one thing is for certain—Nora Smith has never learned any medicine. Therefore, we can nearly rule out the possibility that she’s Anti.”
Justin was a little disappointed. 
At this point, Lawrence suddenly heard a voice in his earphones. After listening, his expression changed slightly. “Something has gone wrong in the hotel lobby.”
###Chapter 29: First Aid!
Justin asked solemnly, “What happened?” 
Lawrence explained, “A guest fainted in the lobby. According to the lobby manager, he’s not breathing anymore. They’ve already dialed 911. A doctor happened to be nearby, so they are currently giving him first aid.” 
Hotel Finest’s guests were either rich or enjoyed a high social standing. 
The hotel would also be held responsible if something were to happen, so Justin immediately instructed, “Go and take a look.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
After Lawrence went out, Justin walked out of the study and found that his son was not in the living room. He asked, “Where’s Pete?” 
The nanny replied, “He went next door.” 
Justin was puzzled. 
A foreboding feeling arose in him. 
In the suite next door. 
Chester pointed to the mountain of clothes piled up on the sofa and announced, “These are for you!” 
Cherry exclaimed, “All of them?!”
“Yep, I went to a few children’s wear stores and got them to give me one of each design in your size!” Chester circled around her a few times and asked, “Can you scold me a little less in the game in the future?” 
Cherry looked at her poor uncle and blinked. “I’ll try!” 
Whenever she started playing, she would immediately transform uncontrollably into a little ogre. This really wasn’t her fault, though, because it was her uncle who was simply too lousy! 
Cherry sighed and rummaged casually through the clothes. While doing so, she suddenly took out a pink princess tutu dress. 
“They must have packed it in by mistake.” Chester reached over to set the dress aside, but he instead saw his nephew’s eyes lighting up. “This is beautiful!” 
Chester was perplexed. 
Cherry said, “I’m gonna try it on!” 
In order to play the role of her brother, she had been forced to dress like a tomboy every day. This had seriously impaired her looks! 
Cherry entered the bedroom, changed into the dress, and looked at herself left and right in the mirror. It was at this moment that her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She picked up. “Hi, Pete!” 
Pete said, “Let’s switch back right away, Cherry. You used Daddy’s phone to send an email just now, so I have to remove the traces, or he’ll find out otherwise!” 
“Okie-Dokie!”
Cherry slipped out of the bedroom. She was about to leave when she saw Justin exit their suite and about to come over. She panicked and said, “I’m at Uncle Chester’s, but Daddy’s coming over now!” 
Pete, who was hiding in the stairwell, stuck his head out. 
If Daddy brought Cherry away with him, they would probably have to wait for another chance to switch back. However, if that happened, the likelihood of Daddy finding out about the email would increase. 
Pete decided to wager on his uncle’s IQ. 
Pete suddenly darted out of the stairwell and called out, “Daddy!” 
Justin, who was about to knock, was taken aback for a moment. He glanced over at the source of the voice and found that Pete was standing nearby in a princess dress. 
The sight shocked Justin. 
With a troubled expression, he took Pete back to their suite. 
After the two of them went in, Cherry quietly opened the door, ran to the stairwell while holding her dress up, and went downstairs. 
A stunned Chester was rooted to the ground. 
His nephew had gone home in a princess dress?! 
After a while, he suddenly thought of something and rushed next door in a panic. “Justin, I was the one that bought the dress, but listen to me… It’s not what you’re thinking!” 
Bam! 
Justin slammed the door shut and gritted his teeth as he said, “Stay away from my son!”
Chester was lost for words. I’m innocent! He thought. 
After shutting out the culprit that was to blame for all these, Justin turned back to look at his son and observed him seriously. 
Pete was wearing a princess dress, and there was a pink headband on his naturally wavy short hair. His exquisite facial features, as well as the smooth and practiced way he had combed Barbie’s hair today… 
Doubts finally formed in Justin’s mind and he asked, “Are you really my son?” 
Pete nodded seriously. 
Justin suddenly asked, “What did I get you for your birthday when you were three?” 
Pete was silent for a moment before he answered, “…French For Kids: First 100 Words and Introduction to Programming.” 
“How much Christmas money did Grandma give you last year?” 
“… Two million dollars.” 
“…” 
At the sight of Justin’s look of self-doubt, Pete couldn’t help but feel a little bad. He tugged on his dress and said, “I’ll go and change.” 
Justin watched his son enter the bedroom, but even after thinking about it for a while, he simply couldn’t help but feel like something wasn’t right. He suddenly walked over and pushed the door open. 
There was no one in the bedroom, but he could hear the sound of running water from the bathroom.
His son was probably peeing. 
Ever since Pete turned five, he refused to let him bathe him anymore. 
Justin strode over. The head of the dignified number one family in the States, at his height of 6’2″, stood secretly at the door and glanced into the bathroom… 
It really was his son. He hadn’t been replaced. 
While he was relieved, he actually found himself a little disappointed. 
How nice would it be if the one spending time with him before had been a daughter instead! 
After relieving himself, Pete turned to see Justin staring at him. Their eyes met, and the two of them kept quiet for a long time. 
At last, Pete frowned and said, “… What a pervert.” 
“…” 
He walked out disdainfully as he said, “Daddy, you should go see a psychiatrist.” 
“…” 
— 
At the lobby downstairs. 
Nora looked at the man who had collapsed. He was motionless, and it looked like he wasn’t breathing anymore. 
“I am a medical student. Step aside, I’ll perform CPR on him!”
Angela had also rushed over. She took out a piece of paper to cover the man’s mouth and then, she started to perform CPR on him. 
It was obvious at first glance that the man who had collapsed was either wealthy or enjoyed a high social status. If she saved him, she would definitely be handsomely rewarded. 
However, even after doing chest compressions for two minutes, the man still showed no response. 
Nora pushed her aside. “Let me take a look.” 
Angela, who was pushed aside, frowned and yelled angrily, “What for? Nora, you’re not a doctor. Don’t waste time that I can use to save him instead!” 
Nora quickly pressed down on the man’s chest a few times. 
He was experiencing tension pneumothorax. 
This was an acute condition. As there was fluid accumulation in the chest, performing CPR was useless. By the time the ambulance comes, it would probably be too late. 
He needed immediate chest drainage surgery! 
When she saw that Nora was ignoring her, Angela shouted even more angrily, “I get it now! Are you trying to curry a favor because he looks important? Come on, take her away! Don’t waste time that I can use to save him! I can’t continue with the CPR if she’s here!” 
The middle-aged woman kneeling next to the man looked at Nora when she heard Angela’s words. She said, “You’re not a doctor? Then get out of the way!”
Nora turned a deaf ear to their words. She stood up and rushed over to the front desk. After asking them for the first aid kit, she quickly returned. She took out gloves and rubbing alcohol, pulled a paring knife from her waist, and sterilized the tools. 
Then, she pulled the man’s shirt open, pressed down on the mid-clavicular line of his second intercostal space, and plunged the knife down without hesitation! 
Splurt! 
Blood spurted from the wound, scaring everyone around them into backing away. However, the man on the ground still didn’t show any response. 
“Murder! Murder!” A bright-eyed Angela shouted, “Call the cops! Arrest her!” 
She had tried every possible means she could to get rid of that damned fatty, but little did she expect that she would actually self-combust! 
Just as Angela was all smug and triumphant, her expression suddenly froze.
###Chapter 30: He’s Alive! He’s Alive!
The crowd around them went into a furor. 
The man’s wife also shouted, “What are you doing?!” 
But the next moment, the man, who had been motionless, suddenly started breathing again! 
Everyone shut up. 
Seeing that the ambulance hadn’t arrived yet, Nora took out an infusion tube from the first aid kit and inserted one end into the patient’s chest cavity. The other end was inserted into a latex finger glove. 
She cut an opening slightly smaller than half an inch wide on the hard end of the finger glove. This was to act as a flap to allow air from inside the chest cavity to be easily discharged while preventing the outside air from entering. 
The breathing of the man on the ground gradually became steady. 
“He’s alive! He’s alive!” 
The people around them started clapping while the man’s wife also heaved a sigh of relief. She fell onto her bottom on the ground as if she had just had a narrow escape from death as she repeated, “Thank you, thank you…” 
There still wasn’t much of an expression on Nora’s face. 
The patient was fine now. It would be fine once the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital. She stood up to leave, but at this point, Angela yelled sharply, 
“Thank you? Simple CPR could’ve saved him, but she insisted on operating on him instead!”
Everyone was taken aback. “What?” 
Angela took out her student ID and said, “I’m a senior at the School of Medicine in my college, and I’m about to go for my internship soon. This gentleman here obviously just lost consciousness temporarily and went into shock. CPR would have been enough to resuscitate him. Nora, how could you perform surgery on him under those chaotic circumstances?” 
She reproached, “All operations have to be performed under sterile conditions. Do you know how many germs and bacteria there are here?! What if his wound becomes infected?” 
The man’s wife didn’t believe her one-sided opinion. “But it didn’t work even when you performed CPR for so long. It was this young lady here that helped my husband to breathe again!” 
Angela sneered, “CPR needs time for effects to show. How can he possibly get better in two minutes? If she hadn’t stopped me, your husband would have been totally fine now. He wouldn’t have had to lose so much blood!” 
The man’s wife frowned. She didn’t know much about medicine, so she became a little unsure. However, she didn’t say anything. 
Angela then spoke again. She said, “What’s more is that she isn’t even a doctor. She was probably bold enough to mess around because she’s watched a few episodes of some medical TV drama?” 
The wife looked at her husband who was still lying on the ground, his breathing steady. Then, she looked at Nora uncertainly and asked, “Are you really not a doctor?” 
Nora found the whole thing awfully stupid. She said coldly, “Does it matter whether I’m a doctor? The point is that he’s still alive.” 
Angela replied aggressively, “Of course it matters. He didn’t need to be operated on. It’s all because you pretended to know more than you actually do and messed around!”
Nora yawned. “Everything will be clear once the ambulance gets here.” 
Unless she exposed her identity as Anti, these people would never believe her, no matter what she said. 
Angela scoffed and said, “You’d better not leave, then. Why don’t you stay here and prove your innocence? Ma’am, I’d advise you to call the police now. This is assault!” 
While she was being noisy, the ambulance arrived fashionably late. 
The paramedics hurriedly carried the stretcher down. A doctor that had followed them here quickly rushed in front of the patient. After performing a full-body examination, he asked grimly, “Who performed first aid on him?!” 
Angela’s face lit up. She pointed at Nora as she answered, “She’s the one that did it! She’s just an idiot who has never even gone to school. How dare she operate on someone else…” 
The doctor’s expression instantly became hesitant when she said that. He asked, “She’s never even gone to school before? How did you learn your medical skills, then?” 
Before Nora could reply, Angela spoke again. She scoffed, “She probably just blindly copied whatever they did on TV… Doctor, it’s illegal to treat someone’s illness without proper knowledge, right?” 
As soon as she said that, she saw an astonished look form on the doctor’s face. He exclaimed, “You can actually perform such a flawless chest drainage operation when you haven’t studied medicine professionally before? And, you’re so young, too! You must be a genius!” 
Angela’s triumphant expression suddenly froze! 
What? A genius? Was someone like Nora even worthy of the title ‘genius’?!
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little. Any doctor would know first aid common sense like this. How did that make her a genius… 
Next to them, the man’s wife immediately understood after hearing their conversation. She said, “Doctor, about my husband’s condition…” 
The doctor said, “We would have treated him in the same way even if he was sent to the hospital. It’s just that the equipment would be more professional. There aren’t any chest drainage bottles here, so she could only make do like she did. 
“Also, it was fortunate that the operation was done in time. Otherwise, due to his inability to breathe, once suffocation had sustained for a long time, his internal organs would have suffered damage.” 
After the doctor finished the explanation, he got the others to carry the patient into the ambulance. 
It was only after the man’s wife got into the ambulance that she suddenly realized that she hadn’t thanked her husband’s savior yet. However, when she turned, she could no longer find any traces of Nora among the crowd… 
By the time Lawrence came down, the ambulance had already left. 
After hearing about what had happened from the service staff, Lawrence asked, “Do you know who the patient is?” 
The service staff replied, “It’s Mr. Anderson from the second-highest floor.” 
Mr. Anderson? 
Lawrence suddenly realized something. His eyes widened and he hurriedly picked up his cell phone and called Justin. He said, “Mr. Hunt, this is terrible. The person who was feeling unwell just now is Mr. Simon Anderson.”
The Andersons from New York and the Hunts had been on close terms for generations. 
Now that Simon was hospitalized, it was common courtesy for Justin to visit him. 
Justin immediately said, “I’m coming down.” 
He went to the study to check on Pete, who was reading. He seemed to have reverted to his taciturn temperament in the past. 
After notifying Pete that he was going out, Justin left. Before stepping out of the suite, he wordlessly picked up the dress that his son had set aside and tossed it into the trash as he went out. 
In the hospital. 
When Justin arrived, Simon was still undergoing an operation. His wife, Melissa Anderson, was seated on the bench outside the operating room, her well-maintained face full of worry. 
Justin walked over and greeted her. “Aunt Melissa.” 
Melissa’s eyes reddened when she saw him. She said, “He rushed over here because he heard that someone in California had news about his eldest sister. But when he heard that his sister may have already died 23 years ago and only left a daughter behind, he suddenly got sick and almost died.” 
More than twenty years ago, the Andersons’ eldest daughter had run away from home. She disappeared without a trace ever since. 
Over the years, the Andersons had been searching for her everywhere. 
Justin consoled her and said, “Uncle Simon will be fine. I’ve already talked to the doctors just now. They said that he received timely treatment, so he’s not in danger anymore.”
At the mention of that, Melissa immediately said, “Justin, it was a young lady that saved Simon today. We’re deeply indebted to her. Can you find out who she is? When Simon’s condition stabilizes, I’d like to pay her a visit and thank her.” 
Justin nodded. 
After Simon was pushed out of the operating room and his condition stabilized, Justin returned to the hotel with Lawrence. 
When they were getting out of the car, Lawrence said, “Mr. Hunt, let’s go to the control room and check the cameras to see who that kind soul is.”
###Chapter 31: Anti!
Justin thought of the genius that the doctor had sung praises of when they were in the hospital just now, and he nodded with great interest. “Okay.” 
Unfortunately, as soon as the two of them entered the lobby, one of his assistants walked over. In a hushed voice, he said, “Mr. Hunt, you have guests from your family home. They’ve gone up to the top floor.” 
Justin’s expression changed drastically when he heard this. He strode over to the elevator and, with a dark expression, asked, “When did they arrive?” 
“They went up five minutes ago. The hotel belongs to the Hunts after all, so the front desk and lobby manager weren’t able to stop them.” 
“A bunch of good-for-nothings!” 
Justin cursed angrily and entered the elevator. 
Lawrence let out a silent sigh. He wouldn’t be of any help with the situation upstairs anyway, so he went to the control room by himself. 
In the presidential suite on the top floor. 
Pete, whose eyes were red, clenched his fists and looked at the people in front of him. 
More than a dozen bodyguards in black from both parties were glaring at one another as they faced off. 
Chester, who had an awful look on his face, stood in between them and Pete. He said, “What are you doing, Howard? Justin won’t let you off when he comes back!”
Howard Hunt, the man in front of him and also his second cousin, had sinister eyes and a hooked nose. He smiled sinisterly and said, “This has nothing to do with you, Chester. Get out of the way. I’m here on Grandpa’s order to bring that disrespectful little bastard back to the family home!” 
Chester wasn’t agreeable to it. “Whatever it is that you want to do, do it only when Justin gets back here! You can’t take him away now!” 
Howard’s expression turned cold and he said, “Don’t think too highly of yourself, Chester. What makes you think you have a say when you don’t even give two hoots about the family? Get lost!” 
Chester was so furious that his face was all flushed. 
The only reason why he could play games all day long was that Justin had taken all the pressure off him. Besides, his nephew was even his team leader. How could he possibly ignore what was happening? 
He said furiously, “I won’t let you!” 
Howard cracked his knuckles at once. It was obvious at first glance that he was very skilled at fighting. “Don’t blame me if I don’t hold back, then!” 
As soon as he said that, an icy-cold voice reached them: “Who 
are you planning on not holding back on?” 
His voice, which was as low and deep as cello timbre, was emotionless. It made Howard stiffen, and he immediately withdrew his fists and gave the man walking over an ingratiating smile. “You’re back, Justin.” 
Justin’s big and tall form stood in front of Chester and Pete and blocked them from Howard. His bottomless gaze landed on Howard, and the mole at the corner of his eye exuded murderous intent as he demanded, “Who said you could come here?”
Fear flashed in Howard’s eyes. He touched his nose and replied with a smile, “I’m not that fearless to come here and mess with you either, Justin, but these are Grandpa’s orders. He said that since you’ve returned with that disrespectful boy, then you should return to the family home. This way, you can also discuss how Pete should be punished.” 
A grim Justin took a step forward. “Why does he have to be punished?” 
Howard was so frightened that he took a step back. “Why are you feigning ignorance, Justin? There’s something mentally wrong with that boy. How nice was Grandaunt to him? But just because he argued with her a little, he pushed her off the stairs and caused her to suffer a brain hemorrhage. Even now, she’s still lying in the hospital with her life in danger. Someone has to answer for this!” 
A large family held great power. 
The reason why the Hunts could keep their position at the pinnacle in the States was that they had talents in every industry. 
Justin’s permanent residence was in New York, but the family home had always been in California. 
During the holidays, the Hunts would return and gather. Disciplinary action toward members of the family was also carried out in the family home. 
Justin had always respected his granduncle who watched over the family home. Howard was his granduncle’s grandson. He was the one who would have to take over the responsibility of watching over the family home in the future. 
Justin narrowed his frosty eyes. “I told you, it wasn’t Pete.”
Howard shrugged. “Do you have any proof? Because we have witnesses. Moreover, Pete was indeed upstairs when it happened. There were signs that the two were having a dispute.” 
Justin clenched his jaw. “I’m already looking for Dr. Anti to have her take a look at Grandma.” 
Howard curled his lip. “It’s not easy to find Anti.” 
Justin let out a cold snort. “I will drag her back here even if that’s what I have to do!” 
“Justin, because you’re staying here with Pete, my side of the family has been inciting everyone and causing a lot of dissatisfaction among them.” 
Howard cast a disdainful glance at Pete and went on. “Besides, who knows where that boy even came from? Neither do we know who his mother is. On top of that, he’s even mentally ill. Even we aren’t convinced about having him become your heir, let alone everyone else from my side of the family! 
“Grandpa asked me to talk to you. You’re still young and healthy, Justin. Won’t it be nice to have another child? As for Pete, just give up on him.” 
“Shut up!” 
Justin’s eyes flashed with murderous intent and he warned, “Pete is my son, and he’s the only son I’ll ever have!” 
Howard was intimidated by his presence. 
As the ones watching over the family home, his immediate family held very high status among the Hunts. Even all the previous heads of the family had to treat them with courtesy. 
However, his grandfather had mentioned before that Justin was different from the previous heads of the family. He had other identities, so they mustn’t mess with him.
Howard also respected—and even slightly feared—Justin. But the more that was so, the more he felt that Pete, as his son, wasn’t outstanding enough. 
Howard fell silent for a moment. Then, he took a step back and lowered his head as he said, “My side of the family is making a lot of noise. By next weekend at the latest, Grandpa will have to hold a family meeting. If you cannot prove his innocence by then, the Hunts will expel Peter Hunt from the family.” 
After saying that, he turned and left. 
A panicked Chester asked, “What do we do, Justin?” 
Justin, who had a dark and grim look on his face, didn’t answer. 
The most ideal solution was to find Anti and have her prove his son’s innocence. 
But if they couldn’t find her… 
He lowered his gaze dispassionately, his eyes cold. 
Had it not been for his father who had insisted that he take care of the family, he wouldn’t have bothered himself with a trifling presence like the Hunts. 
But now, they actually had the guts to expel his son from the family? 
In that case, it was time that someone else took over the place of the number one family in the States. 
A sharp look flashed across Justin’s eyes. He turned behind and looked at Pete, his voice gentle and mellow as he said, “There’s nothing to be afraid of, Pete.” 
Pete lowered his head and entered the study.
He wasn’t afraid. 
But Great-Grandma had really treated him very well. That was also the reason why he hadn’t said anything about the tutors she had sent, despite them being problematic. He had kept quiet because he didn’t want to tarnish Great-Grandma’s name. After all, her life was still in danger, so she had no way of speaking up for him. 
He didn’t want Great-Grandma to die, either. 
Chester returned to the suite next door while looking at the back view of his dejected little nephew. He let out a sigh and logged on to the game. He had initially thought that his team leader was feeling down, but what he saw was that sweetcherry was currently active in the game…? 
He was taken aback for a moment. Then, he connected to the other party’s voice chat and said, “Here I was, thinking you were feeling down and out! I didn’t expect that you’re still in the mood to play games?” 
Downstairs, Cherry, who was seated on the sofa, blinked when she heard him. She asked, “… Why would I be sad?” 
What had happened to Pete? 
Chester replied, “That’s true. Don’t worry, your father will definitely find Anti and prove your innocence!” 
Cherry was confused.
###Chapter 32: Exposing Her Own Identity
Pete had called Uncle Chester a single-celled organism before, so Cherry happily probed him for information with peace of mind. 
After she learned what had happened, Cherry was dumbfounded. 
Why was Pete so unfortunate? 
First, he was bullied by his tutors, and now, he was even being maligned! 
Meanwhile, her life… Even though Mommy was always sleeping, it seemed like she had never had to suffer anyone’s unkindness since she was born. Could someone tell her why she suddenly felt like transforming into a pitiful little girl bullied by everyone? 
Cough, she had digressed. 
Still, it was no wonder that Mommy said big families were trouble and forbade her from telling anyone that she was Dr. Anti! 
Cherry hung up in a hurry and sent her brother a text message: “I’m gonna tell you a big secret, Pete!” 
In the study, Pete, whose head was down, replied after seeing the message on the phone: “What is it?” 
Cherry replied: “Uncle Chester said that Daddy has been looking for Anti. In that case, do you know who Anti is?” 
Pete immediately understood something when he saw her message. As expected, one second later, Cherry sent another message: “Anti is Mommy!” 
Pete’s eyes widened as he stared at the message.
He suddenly remembered how Mommy had told him to head upstairs first when they were on the way back this afternoon. After that, she had gone to treat the patient who had collapsed… 
He was about to send another message to Cherry when she sent him a voice message. It sounded like she was hiding in the bathroom and whispering. She said, “Mommy has been saying that Daddy is trouble and she doesn’t want to treat Great-Grandma’s illness because she’s afraid that she’ll be dragged into your familial disputes. What should we do?” 
Downstairs, tiny Cherry sat on the toilet bowl and rested her chin on her palm, feeling awfully troubled. What could she do to get Mommy to treat Great-Grandma’s illness? 
At this moment, her cell phone vibrated. Pete’s reply was very assuring: “That’s easy.” 
In the study, Nora, who was dressed in a nightgown, leaned back lazily on the chair in an awfully comfortable manner, forming a very sloppy sight. 
Her pale fingers tapped lightly on the keyboard as she destroyed the surveillance cameras’ footage of the events when she was performing emergency first aid in the hotel lobby this afternoon. 
She had to stay low-key. 
She mustn’t let anyone—especially that man upstairs—find out that she was medically trained. 
He had probably already become suspicious when they were in the operating room the last time. 
Nora stretched. She was about to think about the anonymous email she had received this afternoon when a new email arrived in her inbox with a ding. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. Sure enough, it turned out to be another anonymous email. 
“Do something for me and I’ll send your son to your doorstep. Operate on the elderly Mrs. Hunt and cure her.”
Nora was puzzled. 
She stared at the email for a very long time as if she wanted to reach through the Internet and catch the mastermind behind the scenes. 
The email was sent anonymously, so she couldn’t catch a glimpse of the sender at all. She couldn’t even talk to them even if she wanted to. She could only choose whether she wanted to believe it or not. 
If Justin Hunt was the one that sent the email… Then this transaction would make sense! 
Besides, the reason why she hadn’t wanted to do the operation initially was that she didn’t want any trouble. However, if she could really get her son back, then a little trouble wasn’t an issue. She would just have to sleep a little less, that was all. 
After thinking through it, she stood up. 
If she wanted to treat the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s illness, then she would have to go through Justin for sure. But how was she going to let him know that her medical skills were very impressive without revealing her identity as Anti? 
She suddenly looked at the computer. 
Was it too late for her to try restoring the camera footage? 
In the study upstairs. 
Lawrence, whose head was down, said falteringly, “The surveillance cameras are broken, and there are signs of intrusion. Mr. Hunt, do you… have a spare moment?” 
He had gotten a few hackers to fix the cameras, but they hadn’t been successful. Thus, he wanted to ask Justin to personally attend to the matter. 
A sullen Justin said, “Do you need me for something even as trivial as that?” 
Lawrence lowered his head even further, feeling like he was terribly useless. There were so many hackers in the Hunt Corporation, but even they couldn’t handle it. He gave a sheepish smile and said, “Um…” 
“I’m busy.” 
Justin gave him a cold reply. Then, he stood up and left the study. He went over to the bedroom beside the study and stood in front of the door. He called out, “I’m coming in, Pete.” 
After being scolded by the people from the family home, Pete would undoubtedly be in a bad mood. 
He had given his son some time to cool down, but he couldn’t possibly leave him alone in his room all the time. Therefore, he intended to have a good heart-to-heart talk with his son. 
Before he opened the door and entered, he looked back at Lawrence and ordered, “No visitors, no matter who it is.” 
Lawrence went out dejectedly. 
It was understandable that Justin would want to spend some time with Pete after those people from the family home showed up. However, the Andersons also wanted information about the person that had saved Simon’s life. What was he supposed to do? 
While hesitating, he heard a dispute at the door. 
When he went out, he saw Nora standing at the entrance of the stairwell arguing with the bodyguards. “You can’t enter without a prior appointment, Miss Smith.”
Nora looked up, her cat-like eyes somewhat intimidating. She said, “In that case, please pass a message for me. Tell them that—” 
‘Anti was looking for him.’ 
She had thought it through. If it meant that she could really find her son, then exposing her own identity was the fastest way to arrange for the surgery, lest it led to unnecessary trouble. 
But before she could say what she wanted to say, a seemingly half-amused Lawrence walked over and interrupted her. He said, “Have you thought it through and decided to come over and play with the little mister for two hours, Miss Smith?” 
Nora was puzzled. 
Lawrence went on and added, “Unfortunately, Mr. Hunt is currently busy and instructed a moment ago that he wasn’t having visitors.” 
Unless Anti appeared out of thin air, there was probably no one that could solve Mr. Hunt’s pressing issues. 
Nora fell silent for a moment. Then, she said, “I’ll come back tomorrow, then. By the way, tell him that I can treat his grandmother’s illness.” 
After saying that, she walked back to the stairwell and went down. 
Lawrence looked at her from the back and sighed. He said to the bodyguard beside him, “Girls nowadays are so proactive. Look at her; in order to get close to Mr. Hunt, she can even bring herself to say something like that.” 
The bodyguard asked, “What if she really can treat her illness?”
“I’ve already looked her up. She’s never been in any contact with medicine since she was a child. How is she going to treat her illness?” 
— 
Nora had originally thought that Justin would come down to look for her after receiving her message. 
But even until the next day, she didn’t hear from him at all. 
From the looks of it, his grandmother likely wasn’t in urgent condition. 
As such, Nora went to the hospital in the afternoon to do a follow-up check on her aunt. She went straight to the VIP floor. 
In the hallway, Lawrence was apologizing to someone. He said, “I’m really sorry, Mrs. Anderson. Someone destroyed the surveillance camera footage, so we didn’t manage to find anyone. I’ll find her for you as soon as I can…” 
A frowning Melissa was about to speak when she suddenly spied a familiar figure coming out of the elevator. 
She rubbed her eyes and looked over again. That figure with a lazy yet firm gait; and that face so gorgeous that it almost seemed like she was showing off—it was hard for anyone to forget her once they laid eyes on her. Who else could it be other than the woman that had saved her husband’s life? 
She hurriedly pushed Lawrence aside, took a few steps forward, and grabbed Nora’s hand. 
“Are you working in this hospital, Miss?” 
Lawrence was flabbergasted.
###Chapter 33: He Knows Now!
Nora didn’t expect to meet the man’s family here. At the sight of the gratitude on the woman’s kindly countenance, she replied unhurriedly, “I’m here to visit relatives.” 
Lawrence stepped forward hesitantly and asked uncertainly, “Mrs. Anderson…?” 
A smiling Melissa did the introductions. “It’s alright now, Mr. Zimmer! This is the kind young lady that saved my husband’s life during the emergency yesterday!” 
Lawrence looked at Nora in surprise and asked, “You’re medically trained?” 
Nora raised an eyebrow. It seemed like Lawrence hadn’t taken what she said the day before seriously? 
During their conversation, Justin, who heard their voices from inside the ward, came out. Upon seeing Nora, he paused for a moment. Then, he asked, “Are you the one who saved Uncle Simon?” 
The look in his eyes as he watched Nora suddenly became deep and unfathomable, which made one feel as though someone had seen right through them. 
Nora didn’t know what he was thinking, but since she had bumped into him, she might as well just ask him about the matter. She asked, “Have you given my proposal from yesterday any thought, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin frowned. What proposal? 
Nora could tell that he didn’t understand what she was saying. She deliberately looked at Lawrence and said a little sarcastically, “Did you not convey my message to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Zimmer?” 
As soon as she said that, Justin’s displeased gaze fell on Lawrence!
Lawrence wiped the beads of perspiration off his brow and swallowed hard. He looked at Justin and explained, “Yesterday, Ms. Smith said that she can treat the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s illness.” 
But after he said that, he couldn’t help but add, “Even if you really are medically trained, Miss Smith, you likely picked it up during the five years you spent abroad, so your medical experience is rather short. I’ve asked about Mr. Anderson’s condition; his operation is considered one that’s within a reasonable scope of difficulty. But do you know what Mrs. Hunt’s condition is?” 
Nora raised an eyebrow and replied coldly, “How would you know whether I can do it or not if we don’t give it a go?” 
At once, Lawrence said, “Dr. Anti is currently the only person who’s capable of performing her surgery. An inexperienced doctor like you who’s new to medical trainin—” 
“Shut up.” 
Justin’s rebuke made Lawrence flinch. After that, Justin stepped forward and stared at Nora and asked, “When will you be free, Miss Smith? It’s not advisable to transfer the patient, so we’ll have to head to New York.” 
So, she’d even have to go over to New York… 
As expected, it really was very troublesome. 
Then again, he had agreed even though she hadn’t revealed her identity yet? That man certainly was a little narcissistic, but he was also pretty considerate, wasn’t he? 
For the very first time, Nora didn’t find him as much of an eyesore. She thought for a moment and replied, “Let’s do it two days later.” 
She needed to observe her aunt’s condition for another two days.
Justin nodded. In a deep and mellow voice, he said, “I’ll take care of the itinerary. Do you have any requests?” 
It was a five-hour flight from California to New York. 
Nora thought for a moment and lazily made her request: “I have to sleep during the flight, so just make sure it’s quiet.” 
After she spoke, she turned around to leave. However, Justin suddenly stopped her. “Miss Smith. Why did you change your mind and agree to help?” 
Nora paused. 
Like what she had thought, he really had guessed her identity. 
Thinking about it carefully again, even if she didn’t reveal her identity, it probably would have been really hard to keep it a secret from him anyway. 
She cast her eyes down and suddenly said, “I have a condition.” 
“What is it?” 
“If I cure Mrs. Hunt, please help me look for someone.” 
“Who are you looking for?” 
“I’ll tell you after I cure Mrs. Hunt.” 
The anonymous email was something that she had no choice but to believe. However, she mustn’t place her full trust in it, either. 
It would be most ideal if her son showed up in front of her after she cured Mrs. Hunt, but if he didn’t…
Well, Justin was capable of finding even her. In which case, it shouldn’t be hard for him to use his connections to find her son, right? 
After Nora entered Irene’s ward, Justin withdrew his scrutinizing gaze from the woman and looked at Lawrence. 
The realization had slowly dawned upon Lawrence when he was listening to the conversation between the two. His head was currently down as he said, “I was wrong, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin asked coldly, “Where did you go wrong?” 
Lawrence looked at him and answered, “I was too stupid and didn’t realize Miss Smith’s true identity…” 
Justin scoffed. “It doesn’t matter if you’re stupid, but how dare you intercept her message to me?” 
Lawrence was flabbergasted. 
He still remembered when he had first joined the company. Because he didn’t dare to make decisions on behalf of the company president, when a woman had asked him to convey her message to Justin, he had done so accordingly. At that time, Justin had called him an answering machine and asked him why he didn’t filter the messages before dumping everything on him as if he was emptying the trash. 
Therefore, during the last few years, Lawrence had acted on his own and blocked a lot of unwanted propositions from women for Justin. 
But why were things different when it came to Miss Smith? Sob… 
Justin stared at him and said frostily, “You must have too much spare time on your hands. There happens to be a business dealing that requires attention in Burundi. Go and handle it.”
Lawrence was shocked. 
What kind of place was Burundi? It was the poorest country in the world! However, he knew he was in the wrong, so he didn’t even dare to beg for mercy! 
Justin turned around. When he saw Melissa staring after Nora in a daze, he asked, “Aunt Melissa? What’s the matter?” 
Melissa came back to her senses. She replied, “What? Oh, it’s nothing. I just found Miss Smith a bit familiar to the eye… I’m probably over-thinking it, though.” 
She shook her head and followed him back into the ward. 
The man lying on the hospital bed had bandages around his chest, but he was already out of danger. At the sight of them coming in, Simon smiled gracefully and said, “Justin, I know you’re really busy, so you don’t have to come and visit anymore. I’m fine now.” 
Justin said politely, “Feel free to come to me if there’s anything you need, Uncle Simon.” 
Simon heaved a sigh. “I came here to look for my eldest sister. It’s been more than twenty years, but I finally found a lead on her whereabouts.” 
A sorrowful look came over his face as he went on. “I found out that she married a man named Smith. In their second year of marriage, she died of an illness after giving birth to a daughter.” 
He choked back a sob as he spoke of his sister. 
Back then, his sister had protected him in every way possible. It was also because of her that the Andersons hadn’t fallen into decline back then. How could she leave them so early more than twenty
years ago? 
Melissa walked over and held his hand. “Take care of your health, Simon. Your sister might be gone, but at least she still has a daughter.” 
At once, Simon looked up and nodded with his eyes red. “Yes, that’s right! The Smiths are just a middle- class family, but back then, Sis was such an outstanding woman… Let’s bring her daughter back home and nurture her well, lest the Smiths hold her back!” 
Unable to wait any further, he tried to get up. “Let’s go to the Smiths now.” 
Melissa held his arm and pressed him back down. She said, “You’re just so impatient. Why are you immediately acting out? Her daughter is right there; it’s not like she’s going to run off somewhere… Forget it, I’ll pay them a visit for you. Will that do?” 
Simon coughed a couple of times. Then, he took out his wallet, plucked out a photo, and handed it to Melissa. “Here’s a picture of Sis. When you go over, have a look at her daughter for me and see if she resembles her or not…” 
Melissa took the photo from him and looked at it. Suddenly, she was stunned. 
She was just thinking why Miss Smith had looked so familiar to her just now. As it turned out, she bore a 90% resemblance to the woman in the photo! 
Her last name was also Smith. Could it be that…
###Chapter 34: Poor Relatives?
When the thought formed, Melissa, whose eyes were shining brightly, looked at Justin. “I may have to trouble you with something, Justin. Can you help me look up some information about Miss Smith whom we met just now?” 
An unaware Simon asked, “What’s going on?” 
A smile formed on Melissa’s face. “If I’m not wrong, your niece is probably the one that saved your life!” 
“…” 
When Justin heard this, he said to Lawrence who was standing behind him, “Bring a copy of Miss Smith’s information to Uncle Simon and Aunt Melissa.” 
After Lawrence brought the investigation report over, both parties cross-referenced the data. An overjoyed Melissa exclaimed, “It really is her!” 
Simon’s eyes were all red. “Nora… What a nice name. Call her over and let me have a look at her…” 
If it wasn’t because he had just had an operation and couldn’t get out of bed, he would have raced over right away. 
Unfortunately, when Lawrence went to the VIP ward next door to look for Nora, she had already left after giving Irene a checkup and ensuring that she was fine. 
However, he managed to get Henry’s number. 
Justin’s help wasn’t needed anymore after that, so he returned to the hotel to spend some time with his son.
On the top floor of Hotel Finest. 
Pete was in the study and talking to Cherry on the phone. 
Cherry was as sweet as honey when she spoke. “You’re so smart, Pete! If Mommy does that, she’ll be able to clear your name!” 
Praised by his sister, Pete, who had never openly shown his emotions, blushed. “You’re great, too.” 
Cherry grinned. In a sweet and cute voice, she then said, “You went off while wearing Little Pink yesterday, Pete. Remember to return it to me next time, okay?” 
Pete, who was holding some books, paused. “Little Pink?” 
“Uh-huh! You know, the pink princess dress!” 
His sister even gave her clothes names. What an adorable little princess she was. 
As soon as the thought formed, he heard Cherry saying adorably, “Wait a second, Pete. I gotta tell my teammate something, okie?” 
Pete nodded. “Okay.” 
Then, he heard Cherry go on a sudden rampage: “Do you really know how to play as a support? Have you used your ultimate skill correctly even once? And, the open world fights! Do you have a feud with the wild monsters or something? Why are you staring only at that patch of grass there?! Do you even know what support is… Also, ##%￥%&*@…” 
Pete was dumbfounded. “…” That really came out of nowhere. 
After dissing her teammate for a whole two minutes, Cherry finally turned off the game voice chat and said, “Don’t forget Little Pink, okie? It’s my favorite dress!”
“…” 
After hanging up, Pete immediately placed his books down, got up, and went to the bedroom to search for the dress. 
He remembered taking it off the day before and tossing it on the sofa. Why was it gone? 
While he was looking for it, the door opened and Justin strode in. The tall figure stopped in front of him. “What are you looking for, Pete?” 
Pete replied casually, “The princess dress.” 
Justin stiffened in the midst of taking off his jacket. With mixed emotions, he replied, “Oh. Don’t bother anymore. I might have tossed it.” 
Tossed it? 
Pete thought of his sister’s verbal might and panicked. “Why did you throw it away without asking me?!” 
Justin frowned. A resolute look flashed across his deep-set eyes and he said solemnly, “You’re a boy. Don’t ever wear dresses again!” 
This was his absolute limit! 
Pete’s face tensed up and he said angrily, “You’re such a despot and a dictator! No wonder Mommy hates you!” 
Justin handed his jacket to the nanny, walked over to his son, and squatted gracefully. 
He always looked at Pete at his eye level whenever he talked to him. This way, the child would feel like they were being respected. Seeing how his son was glaring at him with his big round eyes, he suddenly asked, “Did Miss Smith say she hates me?”
Pete replied, “…Yes!” 
Justin let out a low chuckle. Even the mole at the corner of his eye exuded a bit of charisma as he said, “Women sure are creatures that say one thing but mean another.” 
If she really disliked him, why would she approach his son again and again? 
Pete was perplexed. 
He took a silent step back. “Have you seen a psychiatrist, Daddy?” 
“…” 
Justin got up and said, “I have a dinner appointment with a family friend tonight. Let’s go together.” 
Pete didn’t answer, but Chester, who was sprawled on the sofa and playing games as if no one had noticed his presence, said, “Okay!” 
Meanwhile, Nora just received a call from her father. Her eyes widened. “My uncle? Really?” 
Henry sneered, “They even know your mother’s name is and what she looks like. How can it be fake? They’ve arranged to come over at 3 pm today. Come back and receive them.” 
Nora frowned after hanging up. 
To be honest, her mother was quite a distant concept to her. Ever since she could remember, the only impression she had of her mother was her last words to her. It was a voice recording. The person had a gentle voice, and had told her to stay low-profile…
However, her family had never had any contact with her mother’s family. Even her aunt abroad was just her mother’s god-sister. 
The sudden mention of her uncle today made her very curious—what kind of person was that mysterious mother of hers, exactly? 
She took a cab back to the Smiths. 
As soon as she entered, she heard Wendy ask, “Did Nora’s mother ever mention her family, Henry?” 
Henry replied disdainfully, “I asked her about them before. She said that her family lives in the mountains and is very poor. She escaped from there, so she never made any contact with them after that.” 
When Wendy heard that, she hesitated for a moment before asking, “What? Will Nora’s uncle pester us after he comes, then?” 
Henry was also troubled over the same thing. “Just now, they specially mentioned that her uncle was sick and hospitalized, so her aunt will be coming by herself. She won’t ask to borrow money for medical expenses as soon as she enters, will she?” 
Wendy curled her lip. “Do we lend it to her if she does?” 
Henry immediately sneered, “That’s Nora’s uncle. What does he have to do with the Smiths? If there’s anyone who should be lending them money, it’s her!” 
Outside the door, Nora, who was listening to their conversation, cast her eyes down. Her clenched fists suddenly loosened and she let out a scoff of laughter. Only then did she finally step forward and enter the house.
Angela was leaning on Henry’s shoulder and acting like a baby. The family of three looked happy and blissful. 
At the sight of Nora, Angela curled her lip and said smugly, “Tsk, no wonder you’ve never mentioned anything about your mother’s family. So, it’s because they’re such an embarrassment! But Nora, you shouldn’t forget your roots. They are your mother’s family; surely you should still acknowledge those penniless relatives of yours?” 
With her eyes down and as if she didn’t hear her at all, Nora walked over to the one-seater sofa and casually took a seat. She ignored them completely. 
Despite that, Angela spoke with a sense of superiority and said, “My uncle just bought me a handbag some time back. I wonder if your uncle will buy anything for you, Nora? Oh dear, I forgot. He’s currently sick and hospitalized, so he probably can’t even afford his own medical expenses. Mom, Dad, let’s show them some pity later and give them a few hundred dollars.” 
After saying that, she frowned again and called out, “Mrs. Lane, get the disinfectant and air purifiers ready. I heard that people from the countryside smell!” 
At this moment, Mrs. Lane called out, “They’re here!”
###Chapter 35: The Andersons from New York?!
Nora stood up and got ready to head out to receive the guest. 
However, after she took a couple of steps, she saw that Henry and the others were still seated with their noses in the air and putting on an arrogant display. It was obvious that they didn’t care about the guest. 
She ignored them and went straight out. At once, she saw an elegant and presentable middle-aged woman standing at the door. 
The woman was well-maintained and wore a classy long-sleeved dress. It seemed as if a beauty had walked straight out of a painting, and there was a kind of serene and composed charm around her that was found only in a scholarly family. 
Mrs. Lane, who was holding disinfectant spray, originally thought that she would see a meek and dirty country bumpkin entering. Little did she think that the guest would actually look like that instead. For a moment, she didn’t even dare to spray the disinfectant she was holding anymore. 
Melissa Anderson smiled gently and said, “We meet again, Nora!” 
Nora didn’t expect to meet her here. Rather surprised, she said, “You…” 
Melissa came forward a couple of steps quickly and grabbed her hand. “This is fate, child! It was your own uncle who you saved!” 
Inside the house, Angela, who was dying to mock them, couldn’t wait anymore. When she saw the two of them speaking at the door, she walked straight toward the door while saying, “Have you disinfected the place, Mrs. Lane? We mustn’t just let any random person into the h—” 
Her words came to an abrupt end when she saw Melissa! 
After a three-second pause, her voice instantly became much louder and she exclaimed sharply, “You’re Nora’s aunt?!” 
Upon hearing her reaction, Wendy and Henry also stood up and walked toward the door. 
Wendy whispered, “Angela is still too young and inexperienced. It’s because she’s never seen a country bumpkin before that she’s overreacting so badly. Sigh.” 
With a look of smugness all over her face, she straightened her back quietly. 
When she married Henry back then, everyone had said that she wasn’t as pretty as his deceased wife, so she had been holding a huge grudge all these years. But now, she could finally hold her head up high when it came to the family background! 
She would show Nora’s poor relative what she was made of! 
The next moment, she immediately spotted Melissa. 
Wendy came from an average family. When she married Henry, she was considered as having married someone of a higher social status. During all these years of socializing with rich men’s wives, she had worked hard to learn and copy their style and mannerisms. 
She had originally thought that she was doing pretty well, but little did she think that the air around Melissa and her presence when she was merely standing there would already give her a crushing defeat! 
For a while, none of them spoke. 
Melissa had grown up in a wealthy family. Her emotions had overwhelmed her when she first saw Nora, but now that she had calmed down, she immediately sensed something amiss.
The corners of her lips curled up into a smile. She ignored Wendy and looked at Henry instead as she asked, “You must be my brother-in-law?” 
Henry had already recovered from his surprise by then. The arrogance on his face had completely disappeared. Instead, he gave her an ingratiating smile and asked, “You’re…?” 
Melissa cast her eyes down and said, “Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. I’m an artist.” 
After glossing over the topic, she said, “It doesn’t look like I came at a good time, Nora. Let’s find somewhere else to talk instead.” 
Nora nodded. “Sure.” 
She took the lead. Her voice sounded a little deep as she said, “Slow down.” 
Angela only dared to speak again after the two of them got in the car and left. She asked, “Dad, Mom. Who is she?” 
During the emergency at Hotel Finest the other time, Melissa hadn’t looked her usual self because she was crying very badly due to worry, so Angela didn’t recognize her just now. 
Wendy gritted her teeth. Then, she immediately took Henry’s arm and said, “Oh you know, artists. No wonder she looks so classy. But I’ve heard that there aren’t many artists who are making money nowadays. Instead, there are a lot of people that try to scam others by calling themselves artists.” 
Angela curled her lip. “So that’s what it is. I thought she was from a wealthy family because of how she had behaved! That makes sense, though. If Nora’s mother’s family were rich, her mother wouldn’t have been so down and out!” 
Henry, however, was staring at the doorway and looking very distracted.
All the outsiders thought that Nora’s mother was destitute and had only managed to survive because she married him. But actually, she had a company under her name back then… 
While he was lost in thought, Wendy spoke up and said, “Nora’s mother’s last name is Anderson, right? That’s an unusual last name in our circle. There isn’t any distinguished family with that last name apart from the Andersons in New York.” 
Her words made Henry come back to his senses. 
She was right. Apart from the Andersons in New York, all the other businessmen with the last name Anderson weren’t important people. 
He snorted and said, “They are probably just putting on an act. I’m just afraid that Nora is stupid enough to let them trick her!” 
Wendy smiled and said, “Alright, that’s enough. Don’t we have a dinner appointment with the Grays tonight? Let’s get ready, lest we be late.” 
Henry nodded. “Yes, that’s more important.” 
Angela grumbled, “Someone has already reserved Hotel Finest’s VVIP room. Otherwise, how nice would it be to have dinner there? Sigh!” 
Outside the house. 
Nora saw an understated black Cayenne parked there. 
The car was a high-end model and its estimated value in the domestic market was around $700,000. 
For her aunt to be able to afford such a car… Was she really just an artist?
However, she didn’t ask about it and just followed Melissa into the car. Melissa instructed the chauffeur, “To Hotel Finest.” 
After the car started, Melissa observed the girl next to her. Her cat-like eyes were downcast and she had long eyelashes. Although she was beautiful, she was unusually pale. 
She sighed and said, “You must have suffered a lot all these years, Nora.” 
Nora thought to herself, … Actually, it wasn’t that bad. After all, it makes no difference where you sleep. 
When Melissa saw her keeping quiet, she knew immediately that she didn’t want to talk about the Smiths. 
The report that Justin had sent them was more detailed than what they could see on the surface. She felt sorry for her niece, so she changed the subject and said, 
“By the way, your uncle is still in the hospital. The reason why we were able to find you was because someone helped us greatly, so your uncle wants us to treat them to dinner tonight as thanks. Is that alright with you?” 
Nora didn’t mind, so she nodded. “Okay.” 
Melissa breathed a sigh of relief. 
When they arrived at Hotel Finest, Melissa said, “Don’t you have a daughter, Nora? Can I meet her?” 
Nora could sense that Melissa was a kind person, so she agreed. She called Mrs. Lewis and told her to bring Cherry to the restaurant on the third floor. 
The two headed to the restaurant first, intending to have a good chat with each other after entering the private room.
Half an hour later, the Smiths arrived just in time to see a distracted Anthony coming over to pick them up. After meeting up with them, he said, “I heard the Andersons from New York are in the VVIP room. Let’s see if we can talk to them later.” 
The Andersons from New York? 
An indescribable feeling suddenly arose in Henry as if he had just let something slip by him. 
At the same time, at the elevator hall on the third floor. 
The presidential suite on the top floor had an exclusive elevator while the rest of the floors used public elevators. 
Ding! 
Ding! 
The doors to both elevators opened at the same time. 
Justin, together with Pete and Chester, came out of the presidential suite’s exclusive elevator. 
The other elevator’s doors slowly opened to reveal Cherry standing inside.
###Chapter 36: Two Petes?!
The presidential suite’s exclusive elevator and the normal elevator were built side by side. The former was slightly more toward the inside, so Justin and the other two would have to walk past the normal elevator to reach the restaurant. 
Justin’s movements were very purposeful, so he always kept his gaze straight while walking. He stood straight and tall like a tower and had a chilly air around him when he walked. His countenance was covered with a layer of frost and that iconic mole of his exuded nobility and alienation toward others. 
Next to him, Pete, who was a miniature of Justin, had the exact same expression. It was just that that he was too young, so his young visage looked a little cuter. 
Overshadowed by them, Chester, who was a little less dazzling, walked beside them energetically. He was overjoyed that he could tag along with his leader and freeload. 
He was a cheerful and animated person and looked around when he walked. When he glimpsed at the person in the elevator, he suddenly froze. When he looked again, he saw the face that was identical to Pete’s! 
He swallowed hard and slowly looked down, only to see his nephew right next to him. He was so shocked that he exclaimed, “Justin!” 
Justin turned and looked at him unhurriedly, his deep and bottomless gaze landing with dissatisfaction on the person making a ruckus. Chester pointed to the normal elevator and said, “There are two Petes!” 
Chester looked at the elevator again after his exclamation. This time, however, he only saw a few adults inside. The child that he saw just now was nowhere in sight. 
He rubbed his eyes and looked over again, but there still wasn’t any child in the elevator. Puzzled, he said, “I really saw Pete in the elevator just now. Why is he gone…”
A look of worry appeared on his face. “Oh no, has my condition gotten worse? Should I get my eyes checked?” 
He was actually seeing things… 
Justin said coldly, “You should be getting your brain checked instead.” 
Chester looked aghast. That was such a harmless but insulting comment! 
After the three of them walked past the elevator and turned into the hallway to the restaurant, Cherry, who was hiding behind a few hotel guests, finally peeked out and patted her chest in relief. 
She had almost been discovered! 
She darted out of the elevator and secretly ran over to the corner. She was just in time to hear the service staff saying respectfully, “Good evening, Mr. Hunt. The VVIP room is this way.” 
The VVIP room? 
That was exactly what Mommy had told her to go when she called just now! 
If Pete went in, wouldn’t everything be exposed? 
They had already reached the door to the VVIP room and were about to open the door. It was too late even if she called her brother now! 
Cherry hurriedly shouted, “Hey!” 
Pete was about to follow the tyrant into the room when he suddenly heard her voice. His heart suddenly skipped a beat and he hurriedly turned around. The corner of his mouth spasmed a little when he saw
the little runt running toward him. 
Cherry had a scarf wrapped all around her head and was wearing a pair of sunglasses, which made her look very comical. 
However, Cherry didn’t have the luxury of caring that much. She grabbed Pete’s hand and said, “You’re the boy that stays upstairs, right? Is your father here to have dinner with Mommy? Let’s go and play at the playground!” 
It was only when Pete heard what she said that he understood why his sister had suddenly appeared. 
It was fortunate that he hadn’t entered yet, otherwise, everything would have been exposed! 
He reacted very quickly and nodded. “Okay.” 
Justin, who was about to open the door, looked down. His eyes narrowed when he saw the child who had wrapped the scarf all around her head. 
So, she’s that woman’s daughter? 
Sure enough, she was just as weird as her. 
After seeing his son silently asking for permission with his eyes, Justin, who had never liked Pete associating with outsiders, paused. At last, he said, “Go ahead.” 
He didn’t know why, but he subconsciously felt that it would be nice for the two children to play together. 
There was a small children’s playground inside the restaurant that was specially meant for the restaurant’s young guests. There was also special service staff there that watched over the place.
There were absolutely no issues with Hotel Finest’s service and safety standards. This was also the reason why Nora dared to let Cherry come downstairs by herself. 
After the two children ran off, Justin opened the door to the private room and strode in, leaving only Chester who was still standing there and staring at the two children from the back. 
It seemed like the child he saw in the normal elevator just now who looked identical to Pete was wearing that exact same Spider-Man outfit? 
When he thought of that, Chester said, “Go on inside, Justin. I’ll go and look after Pete.” 
He quickly walked toward the children’s playground after saying that. 
Inside the private room. 
Although there was a door separating them, Nora could still hear what was happening outside. That young voice just now was probably Cherry, right? 
Nora stood up. She was about to go out and take a look when the door opened to reveal Justin outside. 
The man’s exquisite facial features were flawless. His deep-set eyes narrowed slightly upon making eye contact with her. The corners of his thin lips quirked slightly and the icy aura around him slowly melted. He said, “We meet again, Miss Smith.” 
Nora looked down nonchalantly. Was he the person that her uncle wanted to treat to a meal? 
The boy that Cherry invited to play with her just now was his son? 
Judging from that man’s numerous warnings to her, it was obvious that he was very protective of his son. Cherry was mischievous and had an unforgiving tongue. She’d best not thoughtlessly make the boy cry and bring them more unnecessary trouble.
In a slightly deep voice, Nora said, “Let me go over and talk to Cherry a little, Mr. Hunt.” 
After she spoke, she went past him and then straight out. 
With his eyes downcast, the smile at the corners of Justin’s lips widened. So, her daughter’s name was Cherry? His son’s name was Pete. If one connected the names, it would sound like… What a coincidence! 
In the hallway. 
Anthony paced about anxiously with his hands behind his back as he thought about how he could create a chance to meet with the Andersons and make their acquaintance. But while he didn’t meet any of the Andersons, he did spy a familiar figure. 
The girl wore a simple T-shirt and jeans and was dragging her feet lazily as she walked. She looked half- asleep, but even that raw and unpolished appearance couldn’t hide how attractive she was. 
It was actually Nora! 
Anthony clenched his fists. During these past few days, her form had kept popping up in his mind. Upon meeting her again, his gaze continued to subconsciously be captured by her. 
It was then that Anthony finally realized that he had really fallen in love with her. 
He took a step forward and stood in front of Nora. “Why are you here, Nora?” 
Nora, who found her path suddenly blocked, frowned. The look in her eyes was a little cold when she saw Anthony. She replied, “Surely I don’t have to explain my whereabouts to you?”
Seeing how distant she was being, Anthony suddenly lifted his chin and said arrogantly, “Do you know what I’m doing here, Nora?” 
His words puzzled Nora. She wasn’t interested in knowing. 
However, without waiting for her response, Anthony continued and said, “The Andersons from New York are also here today. I’m here for a business meeting with them! When the Grays form a connection with the Andersons, we’ll definitely become even bigger and become the wealthiest family in California. If you do what I say, I can choose to forgive you.”
###Chapter 37: We’ve Been Discovered!
Nora wasn’t listening to what he was babbling on and on about at all. However, when she heard what he said at the end, she looked up in surprise. “What?” 
Anthony, who looked a little bashful, said, “While I can forgive you, your reputation is already a mess. If I marry you, it’ll embarrass the Grays. But I can buy you a mansion elsewhere and take care of you for the rest of your life.” 
Nora found him hilarious. Her voice dispassionate, she said sarcastically, “You want me to be your mistress? I’m afraid you can’t afford it.” 
Anthony hurriedly said, “I’m rich! I can give you $15,000 as living expenses every month. You can buy whatever you want with it.” 
$15,000 wasn’t even enough for her to buy Cherry’s clothes. 
Nora found him annoying and went around him from the left as she said, “I’m not interested in being someone’s mistress.” 
Anthony also stopped her from the left. “You want to marry me? That’s not impossible, either!” 
He gritted his teeth and went on. “Grandpa keeps forcing me to take you as my wife anyway. Besides, you only have a daughter, so we can just give her some money and marry her off somewhere in the future. As long as she’s obedient and refrains from fighting or arguing with her younger siblings in the future, the Grays can take her in, even if we’re reluctant.” 
He felt that his conditions were lenient enough. Any woman would probably be grateful to him, right?
Unexpectedly, a look of displeasure appeared in Nora’s eyes and a chilly aura formed all around her. “I will not let my daughter suffer any injustice.” 
Anthony frowned and said, “Don’t push your luck, Nora! You can’t possibly want us to let your daughter take our last name and enjoy the same treatment as our children? That’s impossible!” 
At this moment, a sharp voice suddenly reached them. “Nora! You’re trying to seduce Anthony again!” 
Together with the voice, Angela also rushed over. Her arms flailed in the air as she rushed toward Nora. “I’m going to kill you!” 
Anthony stopped her and shouted angrily, “What are you doing?!” 
In the private room, Henry, Wendy, and Anthony’s father heard the commotion and came out. Upon seeing the three of them, Henry yelled, “Nora, are you bullying your sister again? Apologize to her!” 
Wendy also spoke up. “Nora, your sister and Anthony are discussing their engagement today. I know you’re unhappy about it, but that doesn’t mean you can come over and make trouble… You were the one that did something wrong to the Grays by getting pregnant before your marriage and damaging both families’ reputation!” 
Anthony stepped forward. “Uncle Henry, Aunt Wendy. Nora isn’t to be blamed for that. The two of us are truly in love with each other. I’m willing to accept her.” 
Angela’s eyes widened. Hurt and sad, she took a step back. 
Henry was shocked. “Anthony, my daughter has been stubborn and contrary since she was a child. Don’t be fooled by her! She got herself pregnant before marriage. It’ll sully your name if you marry her!”
Wendy also nodded and said, “Besides, her maternal grandparents’ family is also very poor. They live in the mountains and even begged us for money today. These relatives are trouble!” 
After speaking, when she saw how Anthony was still looking at Nora like a young man in love, Wendy turned to Anthony’s father and said, “Mr. Gray, you have to think carefully about this! We don’t want the Grays to be implicated.” 
Anthony’s father’s gaze fell on Nora when he heard what she said. 
She was leaning against the wall, her posture lazy and sloppy. Her cat-like eyes were slightly downcast, and she seemed to have a half-amused smile on her lips. She looked as if she was being entertained by what was going on. That sense of detachment was as if the dispute here had nothing to do with her. 
Anthony’s father was someone who had been immersed in the world of commerce for many years. His deep and unfathomable eyes darkened and he suddenly said, “Marriage is a lifelong commitment. Let’s have the children make their own decisions instead. Miss Smith, do you really want to be Anthony’s wife?” 
His words caused everyone to shift their gazes to Nora. 
Tsk, they were finally willing to listen to her. 
Nora lifted her head, raised her eyebrows, and her lips curled up in a smile. She replied, “No, I don’t.” 
“…” 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Anthony was the first to react. Furious, he demanded, “What do you mean by that, Nora?”
Nora straightened her back and said clearly, “It means I’m not interested in you.” 
Anthony looked at her incredulously as if he still didn’t understand what she was saying. 
Angela, however, shouted, “What makes you think you can be disinterested in Anthony, Nora? You make it sound like he’s beneath you. Not only do you come with baggage, but your daughter is even a little bastard. Is a woman like you even worthy of being picky?!” 
Anthony finally came back to his senses. In his anger, his choice of words was also very malicious. He said, “Nora, who are you interested in, if not me? The entire California knows that you got yourself pregnant before marriage. Apart from me, who else would marry a wanton woman like you whose reputation is in shambles?!” 
Wendy sighed and said, “How can you say that, Nora? You shouldn’t reach for something beyond your grasp. Do you really think you can do the same thing as your mom? It was sheer dumb luck that someone like her, who came from the mountains, could marry your father. Even if you’re a little prettier than most, anyone with a decent family background will never take you as their wife.” 
Wendy then changed the subject again and asked, “By the way, are you here for dinner with your aunt? Where is she? Your uncle needs money for his hospitalization fees, right? Are you short of money?” 
Sure enough, Anthony’s father frowned when he heard her. 
At this moment, a gentle voice reached them: “Who says we don’t have enough money for medical expenses?” 
The few of them looked into the distance and saw the approaching Melissa. The smile on her face didn’t reach her eyes. She said, “Mr. Smith, Mrs. Smith. You don’t have to worry about the hospitalization fees. Also, you don’t need to bother yourselves with matters regarding Nora’s marriage in the future, either. The Andersons will take care of it!”
Shocked, Anthony’s father asked, “The Andersons? Which Andersons?” 
Melissa’s lips curled up into a smile. Her voice was gentle, but what she said ringed like a thunderclap: “The Andersons from New York.” 
Anthony’s father’s eyes widened immediately! 
Even Henry and Wendy were so astounded that they couldn’t say anything! 
The Andersons from New York… Were they really the ones they were thinking of? 
While they were hesitating, Melissa looked at Anthony again. After looking him up and down, she shook his head and said, “Let’s go back to the private room, Nora. Don’t keep your blind date waiting. ” 
She deliberately emphasized the words “blind date”. 
Nora knew that her aunt was trying to back her up, so she went along with her wishes and nodded. “Okay.” 
The two finally turned around, only to immediately see Justin standing behind them. His deep-set eyes were raised and even the mole at the corner of his eye seemed to be smiling. With an emphasis on each syllable, he repeated, “Blind date?” 
— 
While the few of them were arguing, Cherry dragged Pete with her and sneaked into the stairwell. 
She took off the scarf to reveal her delicate and adorable face, panting heavily as she said, “That was so suffocating! It’s a good thing that we weren’t found out, Pete!”
Then, she saw her brother pause and slowly lift his head. 
Cherry turned around and also slowly lifted her head. At once, she saw Chester standing there in disbelief with his eyes wide.
###Chapter 38: Nora Is Pete’s Mother!
The hallway outside was bustling with all kinds of noise. 
However, the three in the stairwell were silent. 
At last, after a full half a minute, Chester pointed at Cherry as if he had seen a ghost and stammered, “Y- you… You…” 
Pete pressed his lips together and sighed. “Since you’ve seen us, then I won’t keep it a secret anymore.” 
He said solemnly, “Actually, I have a superpower—I can create clones. If you don’t believe me, close your eyes. I’ll withdraw my clone.” 
Chester was perplexed. 
The corners of his lips spasmed. “Do you really think I’m that stupid, Pete? I’m not going to believe that!” 
Cherry cupped her hands around her mouth and leaned toward her brother. She looked like she wanted to whisper, but her voice was in no way soft as she asked, “So, Uncle Chester does have a brain after all?” 
Pete was also puzzled. “I’ll look it up when I get back. Can single-celled organisms think?” 
Chester was speechless. He felt humiliated! 
But right after that, he said triumphantly, “There are too many loopholes in your superpower. Can you really make a little girl version of yourself just because you can make a clone of yourself? Are you a hermaphrodite?”
That child wearing the Spider-Man outfit might look like a little boy, but she was Nora Smith’s daughter! 
Cherry was confused. 
Pete was perplexed. 
As expected, single-celled organisms really do think differently! 
The two little cuties looked at each other. Cherry tilted her head and asked, “What do we do, Pete? Do we silence him?” 
Pete hesitated. “He’s my uncle. We shouldn’t do that.” 
“Oh.” Cherry was a little disappointed. 
The corners of Chester’s lips spasmed again. He said, “I’m going to tell Justin that apart from a son, he also has a daughter!” 
He ran out after saying that. 
Pete hurriedly called out, “Uncle Chester!” 
However, Chester didn’t stop. 
Cherry panicked. She placed her hands on her hips and yelled, “Don’t you dare move, Chesty!” 
Chester’s instinct to obey instructions whenever he played games made him freeze instantly, and he even remained in a running stance. 
“Come back here!” 
Chester obediently returned to the stairwell. He squatted down like a silly puppy and exclaimed, “So, you’re my leader!”
Cherry held her cheeks and tilted her head. “Yes, that’s right! I’m sweetcherry!” 
… As it turned out, not only was his leader a five-year-old, but she was also a little girl! 
Chester felt very deceived. 
Pete said, “You mustn’t tell Daddy what happened today, Uncle Chester!” 
Chester was puzzled. “Why is that?” 
Pete was silent for a moment. Then, he said, “Think about it. If Daddy knew Cherry’s mom was the one who gave birth to me, what will he do?” 
Chester felt as if his brain cells weren’t working. He said, “Her mom? The one who gave birth to you… Sh*t! You mean Nora Smith is that damned biological mother of yours?” 
“…” 
Chester finally understood why the two children didn’t want him to tell the truth. 
Five years ago, Justin had suddenly brought a baby back and said that it was his son. When everyone asked who the child’s mother was, he had flown into a rage and strictly forbidden everyone at home from ever mentioning the child’s mother. 
At that time, the few of them were even secretly wondering what exactly the woman, who had given birth to Pete, had done. Justin had looked as if he wanted to rip that woman into pieces… 
Cherry said adorably, “Chesty, I want a father and a brother, but I also want Mommy. So, I want them to fall in love first before we acknowledge each other. This way, our family of four can be together. Can you keep this a secret?” 
Chester shook his head. “No, I can’t keep this a secret from Justin.”
Cherry instantly transformed into a grumpy little ogre. “If you tell Daddy, I won’t bring you along in our raids anymore!” 
Chester was speechless. That was a rather serious threat! 
— 
Meanwhile, in the VVIP room. 
The three people who had returned sat there quietly. Melissa looked a little embarrassed as she explained: “I don’t mean anything by that, Justin. I was just forced by the circumstances to say that just now. Please don’t misunderstand.” 
Although the Hunts were family friends with the Andersons, Justin’s identity wasn’t as simple as just the head of the Hunts. 
Moreover, he hated being involved with women the most. Melissa didn’t want to offend him with what she said just now. 
Justin was staring at Nora. 
The woman’s eyes were downcast as she stirred the water in the glass in boredom. Her dazzling features and the icy aura around her made one unable to dislike her. 
Not only was he not angry, but there was even a smile at the corner of his eyes. “It’s alright.” 
Melissa and Justin chatted politely. When she realized that Nora was going to New York with him the day after tomorrow, Melissa smiled and said, “Nora, your uncle and I were also thinking of having you stay with us in New York.”
Her eyes reddened as she went on. “Your grandmother has been crying so much ever since your mother’s disappearance that she has gone blind. She has been talking about your mother all these years. She’ll definitely be overjoyed to see you.” 
Nora had originally intended to refuse the offer. She was already an adult; she didn’t need to stay with them. But when she heard that, she paused and said, “…Okay.” 
Food was served after that, and the three of them began to eat. 
Justin observed the woman in front of him. He realized that the way she ate was very interesting. She liked stuffing large pieces of meat into her mouth and chewing on them, yet her casual movements didn’t appear crude. 
Most women that Justin had met chewed slowly, but she finished the steak on the plate in just a few bites in an extremely efficient manner. 
How would he possibly know that Nora just didn’t want to waste time on anything apart from spending time with Cherry? 
Melissa had only just taken four bites when Nora placed her cutlery down. “Aunt Melissa, I have something on in a while, so I’ll go first.” 
Melissa was dumbfounded. 
Nora left the private room after saying that. When she saw Mrs. Lewis’s text message saying that Cherry had already returned, she didn’t bother going upstairs. She hailed a cab and went out instead. 
Although she knew that it wasn’t appropriate to leave the meal midway, she really did have something on. Two days ago, she had already made an appointment with Wayne Myers, the acting director of Idealian Pharmaceuticals. Back then, her mother had entrusted him with the company, and he had managed it for over 20 years now.
When Nora arrived at the cafe, Wayne was already there. 
He stood up excitedly and said, “You’ve returned to the States, Nora! You must be 24 years old by now? If your mother could see you now, she would definitely be very happy.” 
Wayne managed the company wholeheartedly. Despite so many years passing, he hadn’t developed any thoughts that he shouldn’t have. 
Nora nodded slightly. Then, she took a seat and asked, “Wayne, I asked you out today because I wanted to ask you if my mother has left me anything apart from the company? Or whether she left me anything in the company?” 
She had already looked into it. 
Idealian Pharmaceuticals really was just a small company with an annual income of $5,000,000. Over the years, they even moved and changed their company address a few times. 
She didn’t quite understand why the Grays and the Smiths were so hung up over such a small company? 
Wayne solemnly nodded and answered, “Yes, she did!” 
Nora looked up at him. “What did she leave me?” 
So, the company really was hiding something?
###Chapter 39: Sharing The Same Room
Just as she thought so, Wayne answered, “Love and company.” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Wayne went on. “Although she left us early, she has paved the way for you. She may not be around anymore, but her heart has always been with you.” 
“…” 
After listening to Wayne blabber on and on about maternal love for over an hour, Nora, who had just eaten, couldn’t help but yawn. 
It was only then that Wayne realized that he was being too long-winded. He said, “You’re already a grown-up now, Nora. When do you plan to take over the company?” 
Although he had already come to care for and developed a sense of belonging to the company, the business was Nora’s. He had to return it to her. 
Nora replied detachedly, “You’re taking care of it pretty well, so just continue with it.” 
A small company didn’t have the usual few departments. The owner had to basically see to everything themselves. This took up too much time that she could spend sleeping! 
Wayne was confused. 
Nora asked, “Have the Grays shown any interest in buying over the company?”
If what the Grays were interested in was really the company’s development potential, then there was no need to use Anthony’s marital bliss as a bargaining chip. They could just buy over the company at a high price. It wasn’t like they didn’t have the money. 
However, Wayne shook his head. “No, they haven’t.” 
Nora frowned. However, since she couldn’t figure it out, she decided that she won’t think about it anymore. “If you ever think of anything that my mom instructed you to hand over to me, give me a call.” 
“Sure.” Then, Wayne said, “Can I get your bank account number, Nora? I’ll transfer all the company dividends directly to you in the future.” 
Back then, Nora was still a child. But when she grew up, she had gone abroad. That was why Wayne had paid the dividends to her guardian instead. 
It was just five million dollars. While it was nothing to Nora, why should she give it to the Smiths? 
She gave him her bank account number and left. 
On the top floor of Hotel Finest. 
Howard Hunt sat on the sofa arrogantly and watched Pete, who was in the study, contemptuously. 
By this generation, the only direct descendants of the Hunts left were Justin’s immediate family, as well as Howard’s immediate family in New York. 
As the head of the family’s direct descendant and the eldest son, Justin had also inherited the position. However, his second uncle refused to accept this and ended up causing a lot of incidents. 
The Hunts living in the family home didn’t participate in the family’s business disputes. They were only responsible for presiding over family issues. As for Howard, he was obsessed with martial arts.
He despised his family’s ways and also admired Justin from the bottom of his heart. However, he simply disliked that child of unknown origin. It was him who brought shame to Justin’s glorious life! 
Moreover, not only was he mentally ill, but he was so small and weak. How could a child like that be worthy of becoming Justin’s successor? 
Howard snorted and withdrew his gaze disdainfully. 
The door opened at this point—Justin was back. 
As the man entered the room, his almost-solid presence rushed toward Howard, causing him to sit up in a hurry. He greeted him respectfully. “Justin.” 
Justin made a sound of acknowledgment and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Howard touched his hooked nose nervously and replied, “Grandpa heard that you’re going to New York to have your grandma’s condition treated, so he wants me to go with you and act as a witness. At the same time, I also thought I would see if the old Mr. Quinn would be willing to take me in and teach me some traditional martial arts techniques.” 
It might seem like traditional martial arts were falling into decline as time went by, but in fact, there were still mysterious masters of the art among regular folks. 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts and the Irvin School of Martial Arts ranked top in traditional martial arts. It was Howard’s dream to become their apprentice. 
Justin glanced at him. He knew that the part about him wanting to join the school was true, but not so much the part about him being a witness. But joining the Quinn School of Martial Arts and learning martial arts there? 
His deep-set eyes looked toward the study. Dim light flickered in his eyes and he said, “Take Pete with you. Mr. Quinn is strict when it comes to enrollment, though. You may not meet his requirements. Pete, on the other hand, has a chance. ” 
He had already checked Pete’s body when he was a toddler. Pete was very suitable to learn martial arts. However, he was reluctant to have his son go through hardship at that time, so he hadn’t taught him any martial arts. 
His son was behaving rather ‘uniquely’ lately, so it would be good to send him to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to pick up some martial arts. This way, he could ‘straighten’ him out! 
Howard curled his lip disdainfully. “Him?” 
However, when he made eye contact with Justin’s sharp eyes, he shut up and swallowed whatever he wanted to say next. 
Deep down, he was scoffing, though. With that small and weak body of his, why would Mr. Quinn ever pick him? 
Nora returned to the hotel at this time. 
Her cell phone started to ring. After she changed into slippers, leaned on the sofa, and picked up lazily, she heard an angry shout from the other end. “You little rascal, have you been slacking off again?! And skipping practice?!” 
Nora rubbed her ears that were stinging from his volume. “I have to sleep, Quinn. I don’t have time.” 
“Send me Cherry, then! She’s your daughter, so her body must be even more suitable than yours. I’ll take her as my apprentice and have her succeed me! Have you found your son yet? Our style ultimately still suits boys better. Bring them both if you’ve found him!”
Nora replied lazily, “Has the Quinn School of Martial Arts become that destitute that they have to rely on a five-year-old to breathe new life into the school?” 
Quinn yelled, “…And who’s to blame for that? It’s all because I was blind enough to take someone as lazy as you as my apprentice! That Irvin fellow keeps showing off his apprentices to me. My apprentices can’t fall behind, either! Come to New York and have a showdown with his apprentices if you’re free!” 
Quinn and Irvin were lifetime rivals. 
Nora replied unhurriedly, “I’m not free.” 
Then, before Quinn got mad, she added, “But I am indeed coming to New York. I’ll bring Cherry over and visit you.” 
“When, and what time? I’ll send someone to pick you up!” 
After Quinn eagerly said that, he immediately heard Nora’s soft chuckle. The elderly man then said awkwardly, “The one I miss is Cherry, not you!” 
Nora chuckled again. Then, she hung up after informing him about her arrival date and time. 
She picked up a glass of water from the coffee table, took a couple of sips, and then went to take a bath. 
Outside the house. 
When Cherry, who was holding her cell phone, saw all this through the gap at the door, she said into the voice chat, “Chesty, Mommy’s back!” 
Pete said, “Hide, Cherry. Daddy’s gone downstairs to look for Mommy!”
Cherry darted into the stairwell. Sure enough, she spotted her handsome Daddy coming out of the elevator. When he reached their suite and saw that the door was open, he went straight in. 
As soon as he entered, Chester dashed over and locked the doors with a huge metal padlock. 
After that, he sneaked into the stairwell and asked, “Did you make them drink what I gave you?” 
Cherry replied, “Yes, she drank it! I put it in her glass of water!” 
Pete also replied, “The tyrant also drank it.” 
Chester then said, “Perfect! Cherry, your mission now is to prevent Mrs. Lewis from coming back. Things will definitely heat up between your dad and mom tonight!” 
Cherry asked suspiciously, “What kind of drug did you give to Mommy?” 
Chester grinned. “Children shouldn’t ask about things like that!” 
It was that type of drug, of course! Additionally, because he knew that Justin had good self-control, he had given them a luxurious, upgraded version! 
Inside the room. 
Nora was taking a bath when she suddenly heard a sound outside. She walked out in a bath towel and asked lazily, “Cherry, Mrs. Lewis, are you back?” 
As she spoke, she noticed the man sitting on the sofa. 
“…”
###Chapter 40: Justin Eating His Own Words
Justin had immediately realized that something was amiss when he heard someone locking the door. A short while later, when he started feeling unwell, he realized that he had been drugged. 
There were a lot of people in New York who wanted to become his woman, and they had tried various methods one after another over the years. It was hard for him to guard against all of them. During a moment of negligence half a year ago, someone had also successfully drugged him with the most potent drug in the world. 
However, he had been practicing martial arts since he was a child, so his physical fitness was stronger than most. Thus, he had managed to stubbornly suppress it with his willpower. 
Therefore, he was confident that everything would be fine this time as well. 
With the door locked, when he heard the sound of splashing water coming from the bathroom, he simply sat on the sofa, intending to see what exactly that woman planned to do. 
To be honest, he didn’t quite understand her. 
She frequently made contact with Pete and even allowed him to call her Mommy. It stood to reason that she intended to use his son to get near to him, yet every time she was faced with him, she would adopt an indifferent attitude. It almost made him think that he really was misunderstanding her! 
But in the end, she suddenly colluded with his son this evening by drugging him first and then sending him a message asking him to come down. And now, the two of them were locked in here. Was she finally intending to go all the way and have the final showdown with him? 
For some reason, he was actually looking forward to it a little.
Just as he thought so, the bathroom door opened and a woman walked out surrounded by mist and moisture. Through the portière, what entered his sight first was a pair of delicate feet. 
Her feet were bare, and her toes were round and fair. They looked a little cute. 
Justin felt his mouth going dry. The desire that he had suppressed emerged a little. 
Next, he saw her slender ankles and her straight and fair calves. The portière was pushed aside, and the woman stood there wrapped in a white bath towel. 
Perhaps because she had just come out of a warm bath, her cheeks were flushed and her hair was damp. They stuck to her fair and slender shoulders as water droplets slid down from her face to her collarbones before sliding further down and seeping into the bath towel… 
In that instant, he felt a sudden surge of warmth in his lower abdomen, which made his brows draw together. He felt as if all the blood in him was surging into a certain place! 
He clenched his fists and lost control a little for a moment. 
His abnormal behavior also entered Nora’s eyes. 
The cheeks of the man on the sofa were abnormally red, and his deep-set eyes were stained with desire. He seemed a little less cold and standoffish than usual, and the mole at the corner of his eye gave him a bewitching allure that wasn’t usually there. The sight of him slumped on the sofa was actually exuding a sense of enticement? 
Nora frowned and asked, “Why are you here?” 
She had only just spoken when the man on the sofa abruptly dived toward her. The huge force pushed her straight onto the wall behind!
Then, he suppressed his voice and said, “Since Miss Smith has already taken a bath and is exhibiting such enthusiasm, then I…” 
Before he finished, he had already lowered his head and started kissing her neck. His scalding hot breath made Nora shiver. 
The man’s domineering pheromones entered her nose forcefully. As he was very tall and had pressed right up against her, his back was slightly arched as he bent over. 
An indescribable heat permeated her whole body, making her mouth gradually feel dry and hot. 
As a doctor, she instantly understood something. 
She tried to push the man away, only to find that he was very strong. He was still kissing her neck haphazardly. Nora suddenly lifted her right knee and attacked the most delicate part of the man. 
However, the man’s large, scalding-hot hands grabbed her ankles the next moment. His voice was hoarse and he sounded puzzled as he asked, “What’s the meaning of this?” 
Nora snorted coldly. She leaped nimbly into the air and gave him a roundhouse kick with her left leg! 
Bam! 
Justin reached out his arm and blocked the blow. 
Nora came at him again with a punch. 
Upon feeling the sharp momentum of her fist coming toward him, Justin turned and ducked. The woman’s other fist then came toward him with a whoosh, scraping past his ear.
What speed! 
In the blink of an eye, both of them backed away after exchanging a few blows and put some distance between themselves. 
Nora frowned. There was concealed anger in her cat-like eyes. She was about to say something when the bath towel suddenly slipped off and she felt a chill all over her body. 
“…” 
Nora’s brain stopped working for a second. Then, she quickly squatted down to pick up the bath towel, only to find that it was twisted into a clump and couldn’t be straightened out quickly. 
Seeing the man looking over in astonishment, Nora picked up the bath towel in a split second and flung it onto Justin’s face. 
Justin was about to grab the bath towel and remove it when he heard her shout coldly, “I won’t let you out of this room alive if you take it off!” 
Justin was astounded. 
No one had ever threatened him like that in his whole life! However, the anger in the woman’s voice made him pause his movements. She… didn’t want to do it with him? 
Nora took the opportunity to hurriedly pick up a nightgown from the side. With her back to him, she put it on while saying, “I’ve also been drugged.” 
Justin, who had keen senses, could hear the sounds. Judging from them, the other party had already put on her clothes. He took off the bath towel and stared at her with a frown. “Are you trying to say that it wasn’t you?”
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. Her gaze swept across a certain part of his body as she replied, “Don’t be too confident of yourself, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin was rendered speechless. 
He used the bath towel, which he was holding with both hands, to block his body in a seemingly casual manner as he asked hesitantly, “If you weren’t the one that did it, then who did?” 
Seeing that he was no longer being impulsive, Nora turned and went to the study. “Wait a minute.” 
She dug out a set of clothes from the study and put it on. Then, she picked up her laptop and walked to the living room. 
By the time she saw him again, the man had already returned to the sofa and sat back down. Apart from his cheeks that were still a little red, he looked fine. If it weren’t for the bulge at the bath towel around his waist, the man would have seemed like his usual self. 
An impressed Nora secretly sighed and thought—’What powerful self-control.’ 
If it weren’t because she had been taking a lot of medicine since she was a child, making her immune to most drugs, Nora would probably have lost control! 
Yet he had actually suppressed those distracting thoughts in just two minutes. 
Justin’s deep-set eyes flickered with dim light when he glimpsed the look in her eyes. He said, “You still have time to change your mind, Miss Smith.” 
Nora was puzzled. 
That man was really overconfident of himself.
She said sarcastically, “I’m really not interested in you, Mr. Hunt. Even if both you and I fall victim to someone’s schemes and you’re standing completely naked in front of me, I still won’t feel anything.” 
It really wasn’t her? 
Justin actually felt a vague sense of regret. In spite of that, he showed no verbal mercy. “… It seems that you were the one who was completely naked just now.” 
Nora was dumbfounded. 
Her face tensed up instantly and she walked straight over. She placed her laptop on the table, opened it, and pushed it in front of him. 
Justin was taken aback. “What?” 
Nora slowly said, “Enter your account password and check the surveillance cameras, of course! Even if we don’t know who the person that drugged us was, surely we can find out who locked the door just now?” 
Seeing how sure she was, Justin became increasingly displeased. He tapped a few keys at random and then tapped the Enter key. Real-time surveillance camera footage instantly appeared on the computer. 
Three people were currently standing at the door. 
Their faces were nearly all pressed against the door, seemingly trying to hear what was going on inside…
###Chapter 41: They Came Too Late!
All three of them were facing the camera. However, ever since the two children realized the truth, they had deliberately started to wear face masks whenever they were in the hallways to prevent anyone from discovering anything. 
The camera’s resolution was also very low, so it was impossible to differentiate between the two children right away. 
Justin hesitated for a moment. Then, he pointed to one of the children first and said, “This seems to be Pete.” 
Nora scoffed and said, “That’s my daughter.” 
To be honest, not only were the two children exactly the same height, but their physiques were also identical. Nora was only able to recognize Cherry because of the Spider-Man outfit she was wearing. 
Unconvinced, Justin asked, “Really?” 
He couldn’t tell. As such, he fixed his gaze on Chester instead. When he did, a fierce murderous aura immediately emerged from him! 
Nora’s sarcastic voice rang out beside him. “That seems to be your younger brother, Mr. Hunt.” 
“…” 
Outside the door, three heads were lined up in turn. Their heads were turned sideways, and they had their ears against the door as they quietly listened to the sounds in the room. 
Thud! Clang! Bam! 
The commotion inside the room made all three of them bewildered. 
A puzzled Cherry and Pete looked at Chester. “Uncle Chester, what are Mommy and Daddy doing? Are they tearing down the place?” 
Chester replied triumphantly, “They are ‘fighting’ with each other! It’s not something that children have to understand! In any case, their relationship will definitely improve after the fight!” 
Cherry was a little worried. She asked, “Is the fight supposed to be this intense?” 
Chester raised an eyebrow and answered, “Of course! Lives may even be ‘at stake’ here! The two of you are exactly the results of their fight in the past!” 
“…” 
Cherry was confused. 
She frowned and asked, “But what if Mommy beats Daddy up so badly that he breaks?” 
A sullen-looking Pete even became angry. “How can Daddy lift his hand against a woman? He’s too ungentlemanly! No wonder he can’t woo Mommy successfully.” 
Chester was confused. 
Then, he continued to listen to the sounds in the room for a while with great interest while secretly being impressed—Justin really was Justin after all. The commotion they were making sure was huge. 
However, the sounds stopped after just a short while.
He pressed his ear closer against the door and asked in a low voice, “I can’t help but feel bad helping you guys hide the truth from Justin. When are you going to tell him the truth?” 
Although Cherry was quick-witted, she didn’t have any concrete opinion on this matter. Thus, she looked at her brother. 
Pete pursed his lips and answered, “I’ll tell him everything after Mommy cures Great-Grandma’s illness.” 
Pete had thought it through very clearly. Blindly keeping this a secret was disrespectful toward his parents, especially when his mother was still searching all over the world for him while going through unimaginable mental torment. 
If they didn’t fall in love with each other even after spending the next few days together, then he wouldn’t force them anymore. 
Just as Chester was about to say something, the door suddenly shook—someone was banging on the door from inside. 
A furious voice immediately came from within the room: “Chester, open this door right now!” 
“…” 
A minute later, the metal padlock was opened. 
A furious Justin took Pete and Chester upstairs. 
Nora didn’t care how he was going to punish Chester. Instead, she was currently sitting on the sofa and staring at Cherry. She asked sternly and severely, “Why did you do that, Cherry?” 
Cherry hung her head and stared at her fingers, so intimidated that she didn’t dare speak. 
Nora softened her tone and asked, “Do you want me to get together with Justin Hunt?”
Cherry nodded and replied, “Mommy, if you trick Da— I mean, Justin into becoming your husband, how impressive would it be when you take him out with you?! Not only is he handsome, but he’s also rich! Don’t you want that?” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
She rubbed her temples and asked, “Whose lousy idea was this?” 
Cherry unceremoniously sold her uncle out this time. “Chesty’s!” 
Upstairs. 
Chester looked at Justin, who was sitting on the sofa with a serious look, with trepidation. He swallowed and said, “J-Justin, I meant well. You haven’t been with any woman for so many years. What if you go crazy from excessive abstinence?” 
He was so frightened that his legs were jelly. 
He had only just clamped his legs together when he heard Justin’s deep voice: “As punishment, no living expenses for you for half a year.” 
His words stunned Chester, and he blurted, “That’s it?” 
He had thought that because he had plotted against Justin, going by the tyrant’s way of doing things, he would have castrated him and made him an invalid from the waist down. 
Justin raised an eyebrow. “What, do you find it too lenient?” 
Chester immediately reacted and jumped back anxiously. He replied, “No, of course not! That’s half a year’s living expenses! How am I going to buy game credits?! It can’t get any worse than that!”
After he fled, Justin leaned on the sofa. The scene that flashed across his mind, however, was him holding down the shoulders of the woman staying downstairs and kissing her. 
He touched his lips—there, the smooth sensation still seemed to remain. 
Then, he subconsciously thought of when the bath towel had suddenly dropped… Nope, he hadn’t seen anything. Not at all. 
— 
The next day. 
Nora got Mrs. Lewis to pack their belongings early in the morning. Then, she went to the airport at noon. 
Knowing that she was going to New York with Justin, Simon and Melissa also decided to take the same flight back. Upon return, Simon would be transferred to Hospital Finest in New York. There, the standard of medical care was much better than in California. 
It was only upon arriving at the airport that Nora found out that they were actually taking a private jet. 
An impressed Melissa remarked with a sigh, “Private jets have to be scheduled in advance, so everyone else has to make reservations in advance. For Justin to arrange for all these so quickly, the Hunts live up to their reputation as the number one family indeed.” 
At the mention of the Hunts, Nora’s eyes flickered awkwardly a little. 
Thereafter, Nora also got a taste of how meticulous of a person Justin was. 
Justin had arranged a room for her that not only had a large and comfortable bed but also came with a shower room so that her sleeping needs could be fully met.
She slept the whole way there. 
Two hours later, they arrived in New York. 
Melissa went home with Cherry and the luggage first, while Nora and the hospital staff who came to pick them up accompanied Simon and Justin to Hospital Finest. 
When they arrived at the hospital, Nora helped Simon to settle down in the VIP ward first. Then, she went to the ICU ward. 
Justin had already sent her the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s medical records back in California when she first agreed to treat her illness. 
Nora didn’t want to waste time. The day she saved the elderly lady’s life was the day that her son would return. As such, she wanted to go over and take a look and schedule surgery for her as early as possible. 
But little did she expect to hear urgent beeping coming from the heart rate monitor inside the ICU ward the moment she reached! 
At the door, a few people from Howard’s side of the family were confronting Justin and Pete. 
Pete, who was wearing a mask and a cap, was looking at the ward anxiously. 
Justin’s second uncle was pointing at Pete and yelling, “You jinx! Your Great-Grandma went into critical condition the moment you came back! Given her current condition, she won’t be able to undergo surgery even if we find Anti! It’s too late!” 
Pete’s eyes reddened as he clenched his tiny fists.
Great-Grandma, you have to hold on! 
Justin frowned. He had a look of consternation all over his countenance. His grandmother had obviously been in stable condition. Why would her condition suddenly deteriorate so quickly? 
Beep… 
Suddenly, a sharp voice reached them from inside the ICU ward. 
“We’re losing her!” 
The doctor’s shout also traveled out of the ward…
###Chapter 42: Mommy, Save Great-Grandma!
The place was in chaos. The sound of doctors and nurses administering emergency medical treatment could be heard coming from the room. 
“Mom!” 
“Grandma!” 
“Great-Grandma!” 
Justin’s uncle’s family burst into tears. All of them were crying and they acted as if they were terribly sad. 
“Shut up!” Justin barked fiercely, causing their sobs to stop abruptly. Justin’s second uncle, Raymond Hunt, immediately said reproachfully, “Never mind if you’re not crying because you’re cold-blooded, Justin. Why are you forbiddi—” 
Justin shot him a glare and snapped, “Grandma isn’t dead!” 
Raymond was so frightened by him that the words he was about to utter became stuck in his throat. His family also gradually stopped crying. 
Justin pressed his lips together and stared hard at the ward. 
Pete’s tiny body started to tremble. Even someone like him who was usually clever and quick-witted for his age was at a loss now. As if sensing his panic, Justin placed his large warm hand on his shoulder. 
Pete gradually calmed down. When he turned to the side, he immediately saw Justin looking down at him from above. Justin’s voice was rich and mellow as he said, “Don’t be scared, Pete.”
Pete’s eyes reddened again and he nodded. 
Nora had already walked over to the ward by then. She glanced at Pete. When she was on the plane, because she needed to sleep, she had stayed inside her room with Cherry the whole time and hadn’t interacted with Justin and his son. 
Now that she was observing him so closely, she realized that his physique really was very similar to Cherry’s. 
When she wanted to observe him a little more, the sounds in the ward caught her attention. 
When Justin noticed that she didn’t enter the ward immediately upon arriving but instead looked at him, his heart sank. Did Anti also think that Grandma was doomed? 
His voice was very low. For the first time, there was helplessness and pleading in his voice. He said, “Miss Smith, pleas—” 
However, before he could finish, Nora had already retracted her gaze and entered the ward. 
Hospital Finest was indeed worthy of its reputation as a renowned hospital in the country. Ranging from their equipment to the doctors, it boasted the best medical conditions in the States. Even the nurses were highly professional. 
Everyone moved in an orderly manner as they tried to save the patient. 
“Prepare to apply electric shock!” 
“200 volts!” 
Bam! 
“…”
Beep, beep, beep! …Beep… beep… 
When her heart finally started beating again, the doctors and nurses breathed sighs of relief. 
Nora, however, frowned. She had observed the patient’s various data previously… 
“Mr. Hunt, the old Mrs. Hunt’s body is already at its limit. The cardiac arrest just now has caused multiple organ failures. If she doesn’t wake up in time, I’m afraid it’ll be life-threatening.” 
The chief doctor, who was part of the emergency rescue efforts just now, took off her mask, revealing a bright and attractive face underneath. Her voice was calm and steady as she related the patient’s condition. 
A frowning Justin asked, “Dr. York, Grandma has always been healthy. Why did this suddenly happen?” 
At his question, Tina York frowned and let out a sigh. She replied, “Mrs. Hunt is already 80 years old after all. Her body is no longer as healthy as before.” 
Justin looked at Nora and asked, “Do we proceed with surgery immediately?” 
“No, you mustn’t!” 
Tina shook her head before Nora could reply. Her voice was mild and gentle as she spoke, making her seem like a reliable person. She said, “Mrs. Hunt is too weak at the moment. We’ve only just snatched her back from the jaws of death. If she undergoes surgery now, the operation will bring further harm to her.” 
Nora didn’t speak. Instead, she was carefully observing the patient. 
Mrs. Hunt’s eyes were closed. She was thin and her face was filled with dense wrinkles. There was barely any sign of life in her as she laid on the bed.
Her body was indeed in an extremely weakened state. 
However, if she didn’t undergo surgery, resulting in the blood clot in her brain impeding blood circulation for a prolonged period of time, it was possible that the chances of her waking up in the future would become very low. 
While she was thinking, another quarrel broke out outside the door. 
Raymond and his family had also heard what Tina said. Infuriated, Raymond exclaimed, “Does that mean my mother is doomed?! Oh, why is your life so hard, Mom? We’ve already told you that the boy that Justin brought back is an ingrate, yet you refuse to believe us and insisted on keeping him by your side! But in the end, he so cruelly pushed you down the stairs instead! He might as well have killed you!” 
Raymond was 55 years old this year. He looked thin but energetic, and had a shrewd look in his eyes that came from many years of life experience. 
His son, Roger Hunt, had the Hunts’ exclusive deep-set eyes. However, the look in his eyes wasn’t as deep and unfathomable as Justin’s. On the contrary, he was always smiling and gave off a feeling as if he was up to no good. 
He sighed and choked on his sobs as he said, “Don’t say that, Dad. Pete isn’t a normal child after all. He’s mentally ill. He didn’t mean to suffer a relapse. He didn’t want to hurt his grandma, either…” 
There was a boy in their side of the family who was in the same generation as Pete. Because he was fat, he was nicknamed Fatty. His cheeks were so fleshy that even his eyes had disappeared. Fatty
rushed up to Pete, stretched out his chubby hand, and sent it flying toward Pete’s face fiercely while he shouted, “You little freak and murderer!” 
Justin was about to ask Nora for her opinion after hearing what Tina said. However, at such a critical moment, his uncle and his family were actually ignoring his grandmother’s condition and were starting to attack Pete again. 
When he saw Fatty raise his hand and send it toward Pete’s face, 
Justin’s eyes darkened and he couldn’t restrain the anger that he had been suppressing anymore. He lifted his foot and knocked Fatty onto the ground as fast as he could! 
The kick caused Fatty to slide a meter away on the ground. As he was fat, his blubber acted as a buffer. Moreover, Justin had also deliberately kept his strength under control, so he didn’t suffer any internal injury. 
However, the pain nevertheless made him burst into tears. He crawled and scrambled over to Raymond and hid behind him. “Save me, Grandpa! Uncle Justin’s trying to kill me!” 
Raymond shouted angrily, “Justin, what are you doing?!” 
Anger roiled in Justin’s deep-set eyes. The beauty mark at his eye was cold and ruthless as he said, “If you can’t keep your grandson in check, then I’ll do it for you.” 
Raymond yelled, “Why don’t you keep your son in check first instead?! He caused his own grandmother’s death! That’s absolutely unforgivable!” 
Justin, who had an imposing aura all around him, took a step forward and said, “Pete didn’t kill anyone. I trust him.”
Roger stood in between him and Fatty and his father. He let out a sigh that was as gentle as ever and said, “Justin, there’s no use even if you trust him. It’s obvious from the footage from the surveillance cameras in the living room that Pete had pushed Grandaunt. We’ve already given the footage to Grandpa, and they’ve decided that they’ll hold a family meeting this weekend and expel Pete from the Hunts!” 
Apart from the servants at home that testified that Pete had quarreled with his great-grandmother, the most fundamental evidence supporting the accusation that Pete had pushed her was the surveillance camera footage. 
The video footage was taken from the back. In the video, the elderly Mrs. Hunt was falling while Pete’s arm was outstretched… No matter how one looked at it, it simply looked as if Pete had pushed her down. 
They had both witnesses’ testimonies as well as material evidence. 
Therefore, they had only one option left now, and that was to save Mrs. Hunt and have her regain consciousness. She was the only person who could prove Pete’s innocence! 
Although his son had never spoken up for himself, Justin trusted him from the beginning to the end! 
Pete stared hard at the ward. He couldn’t hear the others reprimanding him at all. The only thing he cared about was Great-Grandma. 
Seeing the elderly lady lying motionless, his eyes reddened. He suddenly rushed into the ward, hugged Nora’s leg, and pleaded, “Mommy, save Great-Grandma!” 
###Chapter 43: Where’s Your Son?
Nora was shocked. 
She, who was checking Mrs. Hunt’s various health indicators, froze. She slowly lowered her head and immediately saw the little boy who always brought her a sense of familiarity. He was currently looking up at her. 
He had a mask and a cap on, so his looks couldn’t be clearly seen. However, those familiar eyes of his were full of familial love and pleading. 
Nora’s mind suddenly went blank. Some kind of thought was about to flash across her mind, but it was at this moment that another machine sounded an alarm. 
Saving the patient was what mattered the most at the moment. 
She refocused on the situation in front of her and looked over—Mrs. Hunt’s blood pressure had risen a little. 
Tina also hurried in at this point, and it was then that she finally noticed Nora. She put on a mask and frowned as she asked, “Who are you? This is the ICU ward. Please go out immediately!” 
“Miss Smith is here on my request.” 
Justin shortly also entered the ward. He ordered, “Let her take part in the rescue efforts.” 
Tina paused for a moment and a sharp look flashed across her eyes. However, she suddenly thought of something and she nodded and said, “Alright, sure.” 
The ward entered another busy period. 
Justin took Pete with him and left the ward. 
Nora wisely stood at the side. 
Tina suddenly looked at her and asked sarcastically and disdainfully, “Sodium nitroprusside, Dr. Smith?” 
Sodium nitroprusside was the most basic drug to lower blood pressure. 
Nora nodded. 
Tina quickly injected the drug into Mrs. Hunt and stabilized her condition again. 
After reading the medical records, looking at the latest CT scans, and getting a good idea of the patient’s condition, Nora finally walked out of the ward with Tina. 
Tina was walking in front. As soon as she left the ward, she saw Justin striding toward her. She took off her mask and, with a solemn look, was about to speak when Justin walked straight past her to Nora instead. He looked nervous as he asked, “Is surgery possible?” 
Tina quickly spoke ahead of Nora. She said, “Mr. Hunt, Mrs. Hunt’s current condition is very complicated. She has high blood pressure, multiple organ failure, and it’s taking a huge toll on her heart. If she undergoes surgery now, even if Anti were around, there’ll only be a 30% success rate if we can’t protect her heart. 
“There’s a 70% chance that the patient will die mid-operation. Additionally, the operation is also very traumatic to the patient. Even if she’s lucky enough to survive, her heart would be damaged, and she may only end up having half a year left. Dr. Smith, am I right?” 
Her analysis was very reasonable. Nora nodded.
When Tina saw that she at least still had some self-awareness, she didn’t pay any more attention to her. She glanced at Raymond and the others who were nearby and suddenly lowered her voice and said, “However, I do have a safe suggestion here, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin finally looked her way. 
Tina raised her chin slightly and said unhurriedly, “As you know, I’m a student of Mr. Myers, a master of alternative traditional medicine techniques. I’m also familiar with some of these techniques. To be honest, I can use acupuncture to allow Mrs. Hunt to temporarily regain consciousness.” 
“Temporarily?” Justin was puzzled. 
Tina had both hands in the pockets of her white lab coat and her straight hair was all tucked behind her head. At nearly 30 years old, her age made her look reliable yet also feminine. Her voice was even and mild, which made people put trust in her. 
“Yes, I can use acupuncture needles to forcibly break through the blood clot in her brain so that she’ll wake up temporarily. This is the commonly known phenomenon where one experiences a short-lived period of good health prior to their demise. However, she’ll only be able to last one day after she wakes up. After that, she’ll…” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly widened and he pressed his lips tightly together. 
When Tina saw that he understood what she was saying, she slowly said, “Mrs. Hunt’s condition is such that if she undergoes surgery now, even if it goes well, she’ll only be able to last half a year after using the best medication. If the operation fails and she fails to regain consciousness, going by her current condition, she’ll only be able to live for another two months.
“But if you take up my suggestion, Mrs. Hunt can wake up immediately and clear Pete’s name. You don’t want him to be slandered for life, do you?” 
Nora, who had been standing next to her all this time, was bewildered. 
Doctors should be benevolent. 
However, her suggestion was tantamount to murder! 
She cast her cat-like eyes down slightly to hide her disdain. 
As the head of the number one family in the States, Justin was a ruthless and domineering man. Tina’s suggestion was indeed in his son’s best interests. 
The thought had only just formed in her mind when she heard Justin’s cold warning. “Dr. York, your duty is to the patient.” 
Suppressed by his aura, Tina immediately lowered her head and said, “My apologies, Mr. Hunt. I watched Pete grow up, so I ended up too concerned and got my priorities wrong.” 
Justin didn’t pay any more attention to her. He asked Nora, “Ms. Smith, is surgery possible or not?” 
These words were something that Nora had heard countless times from her patients or their families. However, the man’s voice was as low and rich as cello timbre, which made her mood improve for some inexplicable reason. 
The corners of Nora’s lips quirked upward slightly and she slowly uttered, “Yes, it is.” 
Then, she even added an extra line as reassurance for the narcissistic man in front of her: “The success rate is 99%.” 
The remaining 1% was attributed to force majeure.
After all, what if an earthquake were to suddenly occur? 
“Dr. Smith, you must be bluffing?” Tina said, “Mr. Hunt, as Mrs. Hunt’s doctor, I must tell you that the success rate would only be 30% even if Anti were here. You mustn’t let her fool you!” 
However, Justin didn’t seem to have any doubt about her words. He immediately ordered, “Prepare the operating room.” 
Seeing that he wasn’t listening to her at all, Tina tried to calm herself down. Then, she secretly sneered, That doctor honestly thinks too highly of herself! She’s just courting her own death! 
Let’s see how Mr. Hunt deals with her when the elderly Mrs. Hunt dies mid-operation! 
By the time the operating room was ready, Lily and her other assistants had already arrived. 
There was no way she would use outsiders for such a difficult operation, of course. 
Nora entered the ward after she put on the surgical gown in the sterile room. 
Lily complained softly, “The patient is very advanced in her years, Anti. The biggest problem isn’t the head but the heart. Surgery indeed isn’t recommended in her case. Why did you take it up?” 
“I’ll take care of the heart.” 
Nora took out a few needles and pierced the old lady’s heart with them quickly and accurately, thereby sealing and protecting her heart meridian. 
Her cat-like eyes gleamed. 
The top surgeon was just a title that others had given her. No one knew that she was actually more skilled at alternative medicine instead.
Five hours later. 
An exhausted Nora removed her surgical gown and walked out of the operating room. 
As she was drugged the night before, it had resulted in her being a little short on energy today. She leaned against the sofa in the sterile area and closed her eyes. In her daze, the familiar voice rang in her mind again: “Mommy, save Great-Grandma!” 
Those eyes and that voice—they seemed so familiar to her! 
Nora woke up with a start. She hesitantly went out and immediately spotted Justin who had been waiting outside the whole time. 
The man was leaning against the wall. When he saw her walking toward him in a rare show of emotion, the corners of his lips curled up a little. Even the beauty mark at his eye seemed to be smiling. 
And yet she denied having feelings for him. 
That scorching look in her eyes at this moment was so passionate. 
While his imagination was running wild, the woman rushed up to him and asked, “Where’s your son?” 
Justin was bewildered.
###Chapter 44: Investigate His Son!
Justin had a puzzled look in his deep-set eyes. Why was she instead asking about his son after coming up to him? 
Without any change in his expression, he replied casually, “He’s gone back first. Is something the matter?” 
The operation had lasted for six hours and it was already 1 am in the morning. Pete had originally planned to stick it out, but he was still young after all and couldn’t endure it. 
Thus, Justin had sent someone to take him home first. 
He’s left? 
Nora immediately lost interest. She retracted her gaze and reverted to her lazy stance. “No, it’s nothing. Why are you still here?” 
Justin slowly stood up straight and looked at her intently. The beauty mark at his eye looked a little more bewitching under the light and his voice was low and alluring as he replied, “I’m waiting for you.” 
“…” 
It was late at night. Moonlight shone through the windows onto the quiet hallway. The man was now a little close to her after he straightened his back, making the atmosphere seem somewhat amorous. 
In this instant, Nora even formed the misconception that the man was flirting with her. 
She shook her head slightly to get rid of the distracting thoughts in her mind. Then, she chuckled softly and said, “It’s understandable that the patient’s family is worried about her. Don’t worry, Mrs. Hunt will be fine.” 
She took out her cell phone and checked her text messages. “The Andersons have sent someone to pick me up. I’m going off first.” 
The woman turned around neatly after saying that. When she walked, it was as if she was too lazy to even lift her legs. The way she walked was definitely not an elegant one; in fact, it even felt a little lazy. However, she wasn’t slow and her back view actually felt intriguing. 
Justin, who was a step late, followed after her. 
He didn’t doubt the skills of the person he had found. He trusted that she had done a good job. 
Besides, it was exactly because he intended to personally send her home to the Andersons that he had waited here. 
But unexpectedly, right after he turned the corner, he saw the woman holding her cell phone and making a call. Her voice was a little low as she said, “Look up Justin for me.” 
Justin was puzzled. 
He stopped in his tracks. There was genuinely some puzzlement and perplexity in his usually cold and tough countenance at this moment. 
After so many years of immersion in the world of commerce, he could almost see through everyone’s thoughts by now. Yet that woman was the only person who seemed covered in a magical veil. Her form was vague and charming, and he couldn’t see through her at all.
For example, wasn’t she a little too fickle? She had been cool and indifferent toward him both the night before and just now, yet she was getting someone to investigate him a moment later? 
He didn’t go after her again and neither did Nora notice the man behind her. After another turn, she continued and said a second line: “I want all the information about his son.” 
On the other end of the phone call, Solo’s mind was full of question marks. “Why are you looking up his son? Oh, I see, you want to be his stepmother, right? Heh, I told you Justin is a first-class beauty, didn’t I? Sure enough, you can’t control yourself anymore after seeing him, right? Say, is he especially handsome?” 
The light in Nora’s eyes flickered. 
Was he handsome? 
The way he looked on the sofa the night before, when he was obviously drugged yet still highly restraining himself, was indeed rather alluring. 
She replied dispassionately, “He’s passable.” 
Solo whistled and said, “Tsk, in all these years that I’ve known you, there are only a rare few that you even deem passable. I think the two of you have a chance! Are you planning to—” 
Nora interrupted him and said, “I hope to see the information in my mailbox when I wake up.” 
Solo replied, “… Alright.” 
After hanging up, she got into the car that the Andersons had sent to pick her up. Not in the mood to admire New York’s night scenery, she closed her eyes and fell asleep in a daze. 
“Miss Smith? Miss Smith?”
When a dazed Nora opened her eyes, she found that she had already arrived at the Andersons. The car had stopped at the porch and the small three-story villa was brightly lit. It was obvious that the occupants were still awake. 
Nora yawned and glanced at the time as she got out of the car and found that it was already two o’clock in the morning. 
The Andersons’ villa was decorated in a simple European style. As soon as she entered, she was greeted with a simple and refreshing aura. 
Four people sat on the sofa. An old lady who was nearly 80 years old was seated in the middle. The years had left their marks of vicissitude on her visage and her eyes looked ahead of her blankly. She asked, “Is she here? Why do I hear the car?” 
Melissa, who was sitting on the left, smiled gently and said, “She’s here!” 
The elderly Mrs. Anderson immediately stood up excitedly. She stretched out her arm in front of her and grabbed about as she called out, “Nora? You’re Nora, right? Do you look like your mother?” 
A young lady sat on her right. She looked to be in her early twenties and resembled Melissa a little, and there was some gracefulness in her large eyes. She held the elderly Mrs. Anderson’s arm and said, “Grandma, Nora is a spitting image of her mother. She looks just like her.” 
Melissa laughed and said, “You make it sound like you’ve met your aunt before.” 
Back then, when the Andersons’ eldest daughter had run away from home, Melissa hadn’t wedded Simon yet. Even after the wedding, she saw more photos of Nora’s mother than her actual person.
Sheril Anderson stuck out her tongue and replied, “Although I’ve never met her before, we’re connected by blood. I felt a sense of kinship with Nora the moment I saw her!” 
“Meh, what a fawner.” The young man sitting across from the three of them was likely a college student. His handsome face was full of wildness and unruliness. 
Sheril ignored him and took a brisk step forward instead. Then, she gently pulled Nora over to Mrs. Anderson and placed her hand on the old lady’s. 
Nora was actually taken aback a little. 
She grew up with the Smiths. When she was a child, she had always been ridiculed for being obese. Moreover, because of her poor health, she didn’t go out much and had stayed in her bedroom all the time. 
Initially, she still went downstairs for her three daily meals, but later on, Wendy got someone to bring her food upstairs, so she didn’t even have to leave her bedroom to eat anymore. 
When she was a child, she was a lonely person. She used to envy how happy a family the three of them looked. Whenever she saw Angela latching onto Henry and wheedling, she would also hope for love from her family. 
But the way Henry looked at her with disgust every time made Nora gradually lose that desire. 
Thus, she placed her focus in other places instead, such as computer hacking, medicine, martial arts, and so on. 
Therefore, she was rarely this intimate with people. 
However, the disgust that she had imagined didn’t come. The elderly lady’s hands were a little soft because of her loose skin, but the dry heat of her palms seemed to penetrate the distant disguise she
had put on. 
“Nora…” 
The old lady was so worked up that her hands were shaking. “You’ve had such a hard time all these years!” 
“…” 
Seeing that Nora didn’t know what to do, Melissa said, “Mom, Nora is back now. It’s already two in the morning. Why don’t we go to bed first? We can talk tomorrow instead.” 
“Okay, okay…” Mrs. Anderson wiped her tears and said, “Nora, you must be tired, too. Go to bed for now.” 
Melissa got Sheril to take the old lady back to her bedroom while Nora followed her upstairs. Melissa said, “We’ve kept your mother’s room intact all these years. Now that you’re back, you can take her room. Cherry is already asleep.” 
“Okay.” 
“By the way, Nora, I didn’t tell anyone that Mr. Hunt asked you to go to the hospital to perform an operation on his grandmother. I was afraid that they would be worried.” 
Nora didn’t want to reveal her identity, either. She only wanted to stay here quietly for a few days. Once Mrs. Hunt woke up, she would return to California to look for her son. 
She nodded. 
As she was simply too tired, she didn’t even take a good look at the room and went straight to bed.
The next day, as soon as she woke up, she saw Melissa in a panic outside her door. She said, “Nora, something’s gone wrong in the hospital!”
###Chapter 45: She Mustn’t Let It Pass Her By!
When Nora opened her eyes, Cherry was no longer by her side. She was likely playing downstairs. 
She took a look around the room after she got up. It was twice as large as her bedroom in the Smith residence in California and was decorated in white and gray tones. One could vaguely see that her mother had been a strong woman. 
After washing up, she walked to the study that came with the room and found that it was very clean. From the details, one could see how thoughtful the Andersons were. 
Nora picked up a book—it was about biological sciences and the pharmaceutical industry. It was no wonder her mother had founded Idealian Pharmaceuticals. 
Someone suddenly knocked lightly on her bedroom door. Nora opened the door and immediately heard an anxious Melissa say, “Nora, something’s gone wrong in the hospital!” 
Nora raised an eyebrow. “What happened?” 
“Mr. Hunt called just now and said that Mrs. Hunt still hasn’t woken up. He asked you to give him a call once you wake up.” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Here she was, thinking that something terrible had really happened. 
She called Justin. When the call connected, the man’s low and deep voice was as if a musical instrument striking her eardrums. He said, “Miss Smith, my grandmother still hasn’t woken up.” 
“Sorry,” Nora coughed and said, “I forgot to tell you yesterday that the patient is too weak, so she’ll only regain consciousness this weekend.” 
It was indeed her mistake not to inform the patient’s family about the details. 
Justin fell silent for a moment. 
Nora thought of the dispute that had taken place in the hallway when she was busy checking the old lady’s condition the day before, and she asked, “Will it cause you any trouble?” 
“Those are just trivial matters.” Justin paused. Then, he suddenly asked, “Don’t you have to come over and take a look today, Miss Smith?” 
Nora asked straightforwardly, “Is your son in the hospital?” 
“…No, he isn’t.” 
Nora immediately replied, “Oh. It’s pointless even if I go over. It’s fine as long as the patient’s vitals are all normal. I trust that the doctors in Hospital Finest would be more professional than me when it comes to nursing care.” 
Hospital Finest was directly affiliated with the number one family. The family was strong and powerful, and the wages and work benefits they offered were extremely attractive. 40% of the renowned experts in the country were working in Hospital Finest. 
“…” 
In the hospital, Justin looked through the glass window on the door at the old lady in the ICU ward. His lips were pursed tightly and there was a bit of doubt in his eyes. 
Why had she asked about his son first? It was as if she would have come over, had Pete been here.
Justin had a dark and sullen look on his countenance after he hung up. 
When Howard noticed his expression, he asked hesitantly, “Is Grandaunt alright, Justin?” 
Justin snorted and replied, “She’s fine.” 
Howard nodded. Although he hated Pete and felt that he wasn’t worthy of being Justin’s son, in his heart, Howard still hoped that his grandaunt would wake up earlier. 
Suddenly, he noticed that Justin was frowning as if he was thinking about the biggest problem in the world. After a short internal struggle, Justin finally looked at him and asked, “What might be the reason behind a woman showing great interest in Pete?” 
Howard answered, “It must definitely be because she wants to marry you and be his stepmother!” 
A hesitant Justin asked, “But what if she’s very cold and distant toward me?” 
Howard scratched his head. Then, the brawny but simple-minded man grinned and said, “Uh… Surely she isn’t thinking of becoming your daughter-in-law? Even though Pete isn’t strong enough, he’s inherited your good features. He won’t starve to death if he becomes someone’s pretty boy in the future.” 
“…” 
Seeing the cold look almost capable of freezing someone in Justin’s eyes, Howard rubbed his nose and asked carefully, “Justin, if you’re free today, can you take me to the Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Justin turned and walked out. 
Howard followed after him and asked, “Where are you going, Justin?”
“To pick up Pete and go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
At the Andersons. 
After Nora hung up, she opened her email inbox and saw an investigation report and message that Solo had sent: 
“Anti, Justin is surprisingly easy to investigate. Hacking into his computer was a walk in the park. I’ve attached a document with all his information from his childhood to the present. His everyday whereabouts are listed clearly. There’s something very strange, though. Apart from his son’s name— Peter Hunt—everything else about him is securely hidden. I couldn’t find anything at all.” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
She opened the file and looked up the month when she had gotten inexplicably pregnant five years ago, only to find that Justin hadn’t been to California at that time. 
She closed her mailbox somewhat disappointedly. 
Was what happened yesterday really just an illusion? 
No, she had to find a way to meet Justin’s son. 
She knew it sounded rather crazy, but after five years of fruitless searching, she didn’t want to pass up any possibilities. 
“Mommy! Didn’t you say that you’re taking me to Grandpa Quinn’s today?” Cherry, who was wearing a princess dress, ran into the room. 
Nora saw the text messages that Quinn had sent early in the morning. She knew that the old man was probably all out of patience by now, yet he still didn’t call her for the fear that he would end up disturbing her.
That was exactly the kind of person Quinn was. On the surface, he seemed like a cheeky old man who scolded her for being lazy and sleeping every day, yet he was also afraid of disturbing her rest. 
The corners of Nora’s lips curled upward slightly and she made a video call to Quinn. 
Quinn picked up almost right away. He reprimanded her loudly, “Are you a pig? How can you sleep until this time of the day? It’s already afternoon! If I had known that’s how you were going to be, I would have sent someone to pick up Cherry long ago!” 
Nora ignored him. Instead, she pointed the phone camera at Cherry. 
When they were abroad, they had often made video calls to each other. Cherry waved and said adorably, “Grandpa Quinn, Mommy and I will visit you right away!” 
“Good, good.” Quinn stroked his gray beard and said, “Let’s hang up and stop wasting time then. Hurry over now!” 
Nora took Cherry with her and went downstairs. After greeting Melissa and chatting a little with the elderly Mrs. Anderson, she learned that Simon would be discharged in another two days. After that, she took the Andersons’ car and went to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
Half an hour later, at the Quinn School of Martial Arts entrance. 
Justin stood there with his hands behind his back as he looked at the ancient gates. The words “Quinn’s Martial Arts Hall” were written on the signboard above. 
Howard, who was standing behind him, glanced at Pete with disdain. 
Pete had a straight face on and resembled Justin quite a bit when he mimicked him.
But no matter how hard he tried to mimic him, he was still nothing but a little good-for-nothing. Howard had heard that not only was he mentally ill, but his grades had even dropped again and again in the exams held by the Hunts. 
In their generation, Justin had always been far ahead in the lead! 
Would Mr. Quinn even take an interest in someone like him? 
He curled his lip. When he heard footsteps coming toward them, he hurriedly stood up straight. 
Quinn came out with his hands behind his back. He didn’t look very happy to see Justin. He asked, “What are you doing here? Is Irvin dead yet?” 
Justin bowed respectfully and replied, “Mr. Quinn, I’m not here by my teacher’s request this time. Rather, I’d like you to take my son as your disciple.” 
Quinn curled his lip and scoffed, “I’m not interested in your son at al—” 
He had only just said that when he became instantly stunned upon spotting Pete. He exclaimed, “Cherry?!”
###Chapter 46: Nora’s Son
Quinn stared at Pete. Then, he rubbed his eyes and looked at him again. Even the wrinkles on his visage couldn’t hide his surprise. 
In the past five years, although he hadn’t seen Cherry in person before, they often made video calls to each other. However, people would always look a little bigger and fatter in videos than in real life. As a result, the child in front of him ended up looking a little smaller and a little skinnier than Cherry. 
But his facial features were practically identical to Cherry’s! 
Pete had immediately realized something with a start when Quinn exclaimed Cherry’s name. His tiny form took a step forward. With his back to Justin, he looked up and asked, “Did you mistake me for someone else? Children generally look alike.” 
Pete gave Quinn a look as he spoke. 
Upon sensing the look he was giving him, Quinn quickly reacted. He touched his beard and said with a cough, “Yeah, I must have made a mistake.” 
At the bottom of his heart, though, he was puzzled. He had been on a video call with Cherry only a moment ago. How did she suddenly become Irvin’s disciple’s son in the blink of an eye? 
… Son? 
Quinn suddenly looked down. He pointed at Pete and asked Justin, “He’s your son?” 
Justin, who was in the dark, was also confused about the conversation between the two of them. But when he heard his question, he nodded and answered, “Yes.”
Quinn swallowed in disbelief and looked down at “Cherry” again. 
He looked so much like Cherry… Could it be that… 
Upon noticing how hesitant and contemplative he looked, Justin took the initiative to explain. He said, “Mr. Quinn, Pete is my son and should, by right, join the Irvin School of Martial Arts. But when I thought about it, I found that my teacher’s martial arts aren’t suitable for Pete because they’re too feminine. The Quinn School of Martial Arts’ style is more masculine and more presentable, so I hope you can accept my son as a disciple.” 
The Irvin School of Martial Arts’ style tended to be more feminine and the disciples also often used insidious tricks when they fought. They were famous for being unpredictable, insidious, sly, and taking the enemy by surprise. 
On the other hand, the Quinn School of Martial Arts practiced the path of masculinity. The disciples’ strength and speed were all trained through sheer hard work and most of them were men. 
Pete was already rather abnormal. If he became even more feminine… Justin was really afraid that he would grow up wrong. He’d better take the path of masculinity and train his psyche instead. This way, he might be able to straighten him out. 
But when Justin said that, he instead noticed Quinn staring at his son with an unfathomable expression. 
His brows drew together and his deep-set eyes shone with determination and resolution. He said, “Mr. Quinn, if you’re still reluctant, then I’ll challenge the school. You can decide the rules. If I manage to win by chance, please accept Pete as a disciple.” 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts had an unwritten rule—if someone succeeded in their challenge to the school, then they would satisfy a condition set by the other party as long as it didn’t go against one’s
morals. 
In the past century, no one had ever succeeded in challenging the school. This went to show the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ position in the world of martial arts. 
Next to him, Howard was dumbfounded when he heard what he said. Did he know where they were right now?! 
This was the Quinn School of Martial Arts! They could drown him with just sheer numbers! 
Justin was really doing so much for the sake of that little good-for-nothing! But given that tiny form of his, how could Mr. Quinn possibly accept him as a disciple? 
Yet as soon as he thought so, he saw Quinn acting as if he hadn’t heard Justin at all. He merely asked emphatically, “Are you sure he’s a boy? Does he have a little willy?” 
Justin was bewildered. 
What kind of weird question was that? 
Pete’s expression also darkened. He introduced himself and said, “Grandpa Quinn, my name is Peter Hunt. You can call me Pete. I’m male and a b-o-y!” 
He practically squeezed the word ‘boy’ through his gritted teeth. 
When he said that… 
“Hahahahaha!”
Quinn raised his head to the sky and chortled. The way he looked at Pete was as if he had just found a rare treasure. He didn’t expect to find the son that Nora had been searching for these last five years! 
Moreover, one could tell at a glance that the child had an excellent form that was very suitable for practicing martial arts! 
He said to Justin, “I’ll take your son in. We’ll start practicing today. You can go now!” 
Justin was bewildered. 
Hesitation flickered in his deep-set eyes. 
Seeing him motionless, Quinn frowned. He asked roughly, “What? You don’t trust me?” 
“No, that’s not what I mean.” 
Justin took a step back. 
Quinn was a well-known figure in the world of martial arts. There was no way he would pick on a child. If he said that he was taking him as a disciple, then that meant that he was really doing it. 
Quinn grabbed Pete by his clothes and was about to eagerly take him in with him when Howard stepped forward. He said, “Mr. Quinn, my name is Howard. I’ve been admiring you for a very long time. I’m also here to join the Quinn School of Martial Arts!” 
Quinn looked back and glanced at him. He scanned him up and down before showing a touch of disdain. “What makes you think you can join us?” 
Howard was taken aback. 
Seeing that he couldn’t answer him at all, Quinn turned and walked in.
A disciple of the school was about to close the door when Howard suddenly shouted crestfallenly, “Mr. Quinn, why would you rather accept that weakling instead of me?” 
The disciple curled his lip and slammed the door shut. Hmph, did he think it was so easy to enter their school? 
Howard was lost for words. 
He touched his hooked nose with a puzzled look on his fierce countenance. “Why would Mr. Quinn possibly be interested in Pete? And, he even asked if he has a… Cough, surely he isn’t mentally ill, is he?” 
Justin glanced at him in disgust. “I think you’re the one who’s mentally ill.” 
Howard nevertheless humbly sought his advice. He said, “No matter how stupid I am, I can’t possibly be stupider than Chester. But I really don’t understand Mr. Quinn’s actions. Can you tell me why?” 
Justin turned and walked ahead, leaving behind only four mysterious words: “Think about it yourself.” 
To be honest, he didn’t know, either! 
In the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
In the middle of the spacious hall, Quinn looked at Pete greedily and said, “Hurry up and acknowledge me as your teacher, Nora’s son! After that, we’ll be teacher and disciple!” 
He was very anxious, lest what was already in the bag… uh, his little disciple disappear! 
Pete stared at him. Then, he nodded and said, “But can you agree not to tell Mommy for now? Cherry and I have already agreed to give Mommy a surprise.”
There were still two days left before Great-Grandma woke up. 
Pete hoped that his mother could interact a little more with the tyrant again. What if she suddenly finds some positive aspects about him? 
Quinn touched his beard and said, “No, I can’t.” 
Pete replied calmly, “Oh. In that case, I won’t acknowledge you as my teacher.” 
“…” 
Quinn frowned. “Hmph, do you think you can threaten me with that? Even if you don’t acknowledge me as your teacher, just by the fact that I found you, Sleepyhead will still agree to let Cherry acknowledge me as her teacher just to express her gratitude!” 
A puzzled Pete asked, “Who’s Sleepyhead?” 
“Your mom.” 
Pete was rendered speechless. He suspected that the old man was actually cursing. 
After a stalemate of about ten minutes, footsteps could be heard coming from the door again. Then, Cherry’s voice rang out outside, “Grandpa Quinn, I’m here!” 
Quinn immediately raced outside. When he saw Nora, he exclaimed excitedly, “Nora! I’ll tell you a secret if you let Cherry acknowledge me as her teacher!”
###Chapter 47: Nora’s Mother’s Secret
Nora looked around the place after she entered. 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts was located in the heart of New York. The fact that they could take up such a large building for their martial arts gym in a place like this went to show just how deep and rock- solid a background the Quinn School of Martial Arts had. 
The disciples in the gym were divided into several classes and were currently shouting energetically as they trained. Which part of it even looked like the ‘withered and dying out’ state that the old man had claimed it was? 
Thus, upon hearing him trying to trick her again, Nora picked at her ears and said, “Tell me what the secret is and I’ll decide after that.” 
Quinn was at a loss for words. 
Everyone else was begging to be taken as disciples, so why was it simply so difficult for him to find a successor? He had finally found that woman’s daughter after so much trouble and on top of that, she was even a talented girl, yet all she did was sleep! 
Fortunately, these two children inherited her good physique. 
Quinn’s gaze flicked over to Cherry and he thought of Pete, who was in the martial arts gym, again. 
To be honest, it was true that the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ style suited boys better. After all, there was no one else who would be as crazy talented as little Nora. 
After weighing the pros and cons, he suddenly realized that taking Pete as his disciple might actually seem like a better deal? And a safer one?
Thus, Quinn coughed and said, “Forget it, I’m not telling you anymore.” 
“…” 
Nora just knew this would be the case. After that, she accompanied Quinn to the inner courtyard where he lived. 
Quinn was wearing a white martial arts uniform. Despite being advanced in years, he was thin and energetic. Although his voice was rough, there was a sense of careful attentiveness within. If not, he wouldn’t have become a master of the art, either. 
When the two entered the inner courtyard, Quinn looked at her, stretched out his hand, and gestured at her. “Come on, let’s see if you’ve made any progress lately?” 
As he spoke, Quinn went on the offensive. 
Nora stepped back quickly and evaded the attack. Then, she counterattacked and started to spar with Quinn. 
Every move and every action carried a subdued but sharp and fierce momentum. 
The pair had a good time sparring. Toward the end, even Nora broke out in a light sweat and she felt refreshed all over. 
After they were done with the sparring, Quinn loosened his wrist muscles and remarked, “To think you can attain a level of skill like this despite slacking off. You’re a crazy one indeed. If you practice well, you’ll definitely surpass me.” 
Nora gave an “Oh” and replied dispassionately, “I’ll also be able to surpass you when I’m your age.”
“…” 
Quinn was rendered so speechless by her retort that he couldn’t be bothered to be mad anymore. Nevertheless, he couldn’t help but ask persistently, “You really don’t intend to have Cherry pick up martial arts?” 
Nora shook her head. “There isn’t any need for her.” 
She had practiced martial arts back then in order to train and strengthen her body. However, Cherry was healthy and had always been strong and sturdy since she was a baby. Besides, Cherry was a little princess. The way her aunt raised her had turned her into a very delicate little girl who couldn’t take any bit of discomfort at all. 
If Nora made her practice martial arts, she would probably burst into tears and start wailing. 
So, why bother? 
Seeing how stubborn she was, Quinn could only give up. He complained, “Why do you also have your mom’s temperament?” 
Her mom… 
Nora’s interest was suddenly piqued. She asked, “Old man, do you know my mother? Can you tell me about her?” 
Quinn stroked his white beard and smiled as he replied, “Your mom… She’s a legend in New York!” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Quinn pointed to the table in the courtyard. Nora followed him and walked over. Although she was cheeky whenever she talked to him, after sitting down, she obediently picked up the teapot and poured him a cup of tea.
Quinn sat on the bench and took a sip from his teacup. “During your mom’s younger days, she was amazingly talented and brilliant, and she was known as the most talented woman in New York. At that time, many people proposed to your mom and the Andersons were totally in the limelight. Even the Hunts thought it would be an honor if they could have her marry into the family. Unfortunately, she rejected the number one family in the end. Heh heh, she had backbone, alright. I, for one, don’t think much of the Hunts, especially that disciple of Irvin’s…” 
Quinn and Irvin would always quarrel whenever they met. 
Nora listened with great interest. When she noticed that Quinn had finished his tea, she poured him another cup and pressed, “And then?” 
Quinn let out a “hmph” and went on. “At that time, I had just achieved some success in my training and made a name for myself in the circle. I wanted to take a disciple and took an interest in your mom. However, she didn’t want to and rejected me… After that, she disappeared.” 
At this point, Quinn stroked his beard and said, “As for why she suddenly ran away from home? I don’t know. Some say that she was kidnapped for her beauty and was imprisoned, but that’s all nonsense. Given how fierce she was, who would have been able to kidnap her? 
“She then came to me two years later. She asked me to take you as my disciple once you’re five or six years old, and train your body for you. At that time, she said she was dying.” 
Quinn sighed and said, “By the time I found you with the information she gave me, she was already gone. 
“You don’t have to be sad, though. Although your mom only lived for a short period of twenty years, her life was exciting and fulfilling. She led a life well-lived! But if you were to talk about her life, she did
indeed let someone down.” 
A curious Nora sat upright. “Who was it?” 
Quinn put down his teacup. “Have you heard of the Smiths from New York?” 
Nora shook her head. 
All she did every day was sleep, so she didn’t know much about wealthy and influential powerhouses like them. 
Quinn said, “The Smiths and the Hunts are equally powerful, and they were vying for the title of the number one family back then. The previous head of the Hunts was actually inferior to that fellow from the Smiths. Your mom also got engaged to that Smith fellow in the end, so when I heard that your last name was Smith, I had thought that she was pregnant with his child, but that unfortunately was not the case. Speaking of your father, he’s a typical male chauvinist pig. Your mom was so picky her entire lifetime, so why did she marry a scumbag like him in the end?” 
Nora had no words to that. She was also just as puzzled. 
“We digress. Anyway, the head of the Smiths at that time was a very ambitious man. With him leading the family, the Smiths nearly managed to surpass the Hunts. But when your mom went missing later, he fell into an irreversible slump. This stabilized the situation, and the Smiths and the Hunts became equally ranked again. After that, when Justin Hunt took over the family, he led the Hunts to completely surpass the Smiths and become the veritable No. 1 again.” 
Quinn shook his head. “That kid from the Smiths is considered your elder. After he retired, he got a nephew of his to lead the Smiths. He also remains unmarried even now.” 
Nora was astounded by what she heard. “My mom had indeed let him down.”
Quinn strongly agreed with her. 
Nora suddenly asked, “What’s his name?” 
Quinn smiled and answered, “Ian!” 
Ian Smith? 
She suddenly thought of the company that her mother had left behind. Its name was Idealian Pharmaceuticals… 
Then, Quinn spoke again. “By the way, I heard that he became seriously ill recently. It seems that he won’t be able to live past this year. What a shame. He was quite the hero back then.” 
After he finished, Quinn stood up and said, “Alright, you can rest here for a while. I’ll go and take a look at what the two children are doing.” 
He had spotted Cherry and Pete secretly meeting up just now. He was itching to hurry up and take Pete as his disciple. 
After Quinn left, Nora sat there and thought carefully about her mother’s past. However, she suddenly realized something with a start. 
The two children? 
Who was the other one apart from Cherry? 
She stood up abruptly and walked toward the martial arts gym at the front.
###Chapter 48: Who Are You Looking Down On?
Before she even entered the gym, she heard Quinn’s voice coming from within: “Stand steady now! Persevere! This is a basic skill. This part right here is what makes us, the Quinn School of Martial Arts, better than the Irvin School of Martial Arts. Martial arts aren’t something that can be learned overnight. You must take your time to lay a solid foundation…” 
Nora pushed the door open and entered to see that “Cherry” had, at some point, changed into a set of men’s sportswear and was practicing her form. 
Quinn, who had his back to Nora, was talking to her. He said, “Since you’re now my disciple, then you’ll have to listen to what I say from now on. You must practice this stance for half an hour every morning after you wake up. Your mother is too lazy and has always been disobedient since she was a child. You mustn’t take after her…” 
Pete, who was facing the door and thus had noticed Nora, was lost for words. 
He pursed his lips and stood up straight. 
Surprised, Quinn exclaimed, “Why aren’t you doing it anymore? You can’t hold on anymore? You—” 
Pete interrupted the rest of what he wanted to say before he could finish: “Mommy.” 
Quinn stiffened. Then, he slowly turned around to see Nora leaning against the wall. Her arms were casually folded and her cat-like eyes slightly raised as she quietly watched the two of them. 
Her big boss-like attitude frightened Quinn, who stammered, “Um, little Nora, this…” 
Nora asked lazily, “Old man, did you tempt her with rewards or threaten her with punishment?”
“…No, I didn’t!” 
Seeing that he was answering so surely, Nora looked at Pete again and asked hesitantly, “Cherry, are you genuinely interested in learning martial arts?” 
Pete nodded firmly. 
If he learned martial arts, should the tyrant dare so much as to bully Mommy in the future, he would be able to protect her and Cherry! 
Nora was stunned. 
Cherry took after her in her personality and was lazy and easygoing. She disliked being restrained the most. Yet she had actually taken an interest in martial arts? 
Nora, who had always respected children’s views, agreed to it after a little thought. “Alright.” 
After that, she looked at Quinn and said, “I’ll send her here at 7 am sharp tomorrow. Old man, I have something up today, so I’ll go back first.” 
After she spoke, she stretched out her hand to Pete. 
Pete very naturally took a step forward, took her hand, and followed her out the door. 
Even after the two of them disappeared from the martial arts gym, Quinn was still in a daze! 
No, little Nora, that isn’t your daughter you just picked up! 
He was still in a daze when Cherry, who had just gone to the bathroom, ran over in her princess dress. “Huh? Where’s Pete?”
Quinn was at a loss for words. 
Right after Cherry spoke, her cell phone beeped. She picked it up and immediately saw a text message from Pete: “Cherry, I went home with Mommy. Daddy will pick you up in the evening. We’ll switch back tomorrow.” 
She was going to see her handsome Daddy again. 
Cherry jumped excitedly and took Quinn’s hand as she asked, “Grandpa Quinn, when is Daddy coming to pick me up?” 
“…Five o’clock in the evening.” 
“Ah, then I still have two hours left. What shall we do? Do you have Barbies here?” 
“… No.” 
“Can I play games, then?” 
“No, it’s bad for your eyes.” 
Cherry pouted disappointedly and asked, “Grandpa Quinn, doesn’t the Quinn School of Martial Arts have any specialties?” 
Old Quinn, who was taken aback, suddenly thought of something and answered, “Oh, that we do!” 
As such, at five o’clock in the evening, Justin personally drove over to pick up his son. 
His handsome countenance was calm at the moment. The Quinn School of Martial Arts’ style was masculine and domineering. He would definitely see his son drenched in stinky sweat all over like a little boy later, right?
With that in mind, he entered the school. He immediately saw a group of disciples dressed in white sportswear training in the compound. 
Next to them, his son was wearing a white princess dress and pointing at one of them with his eyes all lit up. “Grandpa Quinn, Mr. No. 5 is the most handsome! But Mr. No. 9 is also very cool. Who should I pick? I’m so troubled!” 
Justin was bewildered. 
He cracked. 
At this time, Nora hadn’t reached home yet. Instead, she was currently in Guardian Pharmacy, a herbal store and pharmacy in New York. She was holding a scale and choosing herbs from a box. 
“Atractylodes lancea, wolfberry, chrysanthemum, cornus, rehmannia, dendrobium…” 
After Nora adjusted the herbs’ proportions, she handed them to the pharmacist and said, “Please use these to make some pills for internal consumption. The ones from just now are to be made into ointments for external usage. I’ll come over and pick them up tomorrow.” 
The pharmacist had a big smile all over his face as he replied, “Sure, no problem!” 
The customer was generous enough, so of course, he was willing to do her a trivial favor like this! 
After that, Nora took Pete home. 
She had been too tired after she got home the day before, so she didn’t pay much attention to the elderly Mrs. Anderson’s eyes. However, after she woke up today, she had checked her pulse and also carefully
observed her eyes. She discovered that the cause for the old madam’s loss of vision was that her eyes had received too much strain back then, resulting in vision loss from optic nerve damage. 
There was no need for surgery. She just needed to nurse them back to a healthy state. 
With the help of a GPS navigator, Nora drove all the way back to the Andersons. Before she even entered, she saw Melissa standing at the door. She was wearing a knitted dress and looked elegant and dignified. When she saw their car, her brows drew together in worry. 
It was only when she parked the car in the villa that Nora spotted a luxurious Lincoln that was also parked there—it was obvious that a distinguished guest was visiting. 
When she got off the car, Melissa hurried over and said, “Nora, your second aunt heard that you’re here, so she came over to take a look.” 
The elderly Mrs. Anderson had two daughters and a son. 
Nora’s mother was the eldest while Simon was the third child. In the middle was her second child, Sheena Anderson. 
Nora nodded. She was about to take Pete with her and enter the house when Melissa held her wrist and said apologetically, “She has a foul mouth, so don’t take what she says to heart.” 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. 
She could vaguely hear an arrogant voice coming through the door: “… yet she married a man like that in the end. Her daughter even grew up in a place like California and has never gone through higher education… Mom, you always say that I’m not as good as her, but look at us now. In the end, I’m the one that the Andersons need, aren’t I?”
Mrs. Anderson reprimanded her. “How can you say things like that? Regardless of whether Nora is outstanding or dull, she’s your elder sister’s daughter! She’s part of the Andersons!” 
“Don’t bother saying things like that. It was through great effort that the Andersons’ reputation has gradually improved over the years. You’d best keep a tight watch over her, lest she does something disgraceful and embarrass the Andersons!” 
Melissa coughed as a reminder to the people inside. Then, she called out, “Mom, Sheena, Nora’s back!” 
Only then did Nora enter. She immediately saw an attractive woman resembling Simon sitting pompously on the sofa. 
Sheena was 46 years old this year, but she looked as if she was 30 years old instead. She wore a professional suit and fully exuded a mature woman’s charm. Compared with Melissa’s grace, she seemed bossier. 
After Nora entered, her gaze fell onto Pete right away and she asked disdainfully, “So, she’s your daughter? She must be five this year, right? Can she play the piano? Can she dance? Can she do calligraphy? Do you take Mathematical Olympiad classes? What kind of interest classes do you attend?” 
Pete, who had been receiving an elite’s education since he was a baby, was bewildered. 
Who was she looking down on?
###Chapter 49: Acknowledging Each Other!
Sheena threw a ton of questions to the child’s face just to give her ‘country bumpkin’ niece an opening gambit. 
Nora cast her eyes down with a slightly chilly look and kept quiet. 
Melissa hurriedly played peacemaker and said, “Sheena, Cherry grew up abroad with Nora. Over there, they value quality education…” 
Sheena leaned on the sofa. As though a person in power talking down to her subordinates, she said, “Quality education? It’s all a lie. That’s just so that they can better bridge the gap. Real aristocrats and the wealthy put their children through strict education from an early age!” 
Her eyes were like blazing torches as she looked at Nora. She said, “So, your name is Nora? You’re all grown up, so you’ve already missed the best time and opportunity to study. But rest assured; since you’ve come to us, on account of my sister, I won’t let you roam the streets homeless. I heard that you got yourself pregnant before you were married, right? And that your ex-fiance broke off the engagement? Don’t worry, I’ll find you a good husband and ensure that you live worry-free for the rest of your life. As for your daughter…” 
She looked at Pete and scanned the child up and down. Then, as though she was being charitable, she said, “Although five years old is a late start compared to others, there’s at least still hope for her.” 
Nora had a very cold look in her eyes. She lowered her gaze and then, with a sardonic smile at the corner of her lips, she said, “You don’t need to bother. I’ll take care of my daughter’s education myself.” 
Cherry’s studies were indeed a huge headache. Her daughter had an extremely high IQ, but she was only interested in games and was sloppy in her studies. In particular, her history knowledge had become
a huge mess thanks to her aunt abroad… 
However, this didn’t mean that others could criticize her at will. 
“You? Take care of her education matters?” 
Sheena said coldly, “What are you going to teach her? Are you going to teach her how to become obsessed with her cell phone and how to play games every day? Are you going to have her be like you and engage in a chaotic private life, and become pregnant before marriage when she grows up?” 
“Shut up!” Mrs. Anderson reprimanded Sheena, causing her to curl her lip. 
Melissa even frowned and said reproachingly, “Sheena, I know you have her interests at heart, but can you speak in a less hurtful manner?” 
Sheena sneered, “I just want her to have a clear idea of the situation she’s in! Does she really think it’s that easy to be a child of a wealthy family?” 
She glanced at the ‘girl’ who was standing there stubbornly and said, “Not convinced, are you? Fine, I’ll show you Lena’s progress in her studies and give you a good sense of the gap between the two children! Go on, Lena, tell the big sister here what you’re capable of.” 
Lena Xavier was Sheena’s daughter who was born at a later point in Sheena’s life. She gave birth to her at the age of forty, so Lena was only six that year. 
The little girl wearing a dress was adorable and pretty. When she heard her, she raised her chin and declared proudly, “I know two foreign languages—Spanish and French—and can communicate fluently in them.”
Then, she said a couple of lines in the two foreign languages fluently, forming an animated and impressive sight. 
After speaking, she looked at Pete triumphantly. 
Sheena raised her chin proudly along with her. After Lena was done, she looked at Nora and asked, “I wonder what your daughter is capable of?” 
Nora was about to speak when a sullen Pete’s lips suddenly parted and he prattled on in a language that no one understood. 
Stunned, Lena asked, “What language is that?” 
Pete calmly replied, “It’s Arabic. It’s very normal that you can’t understand it. Mommy has taught me eight different languages.” 
“…” 
Lena, who felt as if she had lost, refused to concede defeat and spoke again. She said, “I’ve also participated in many competitions and took second place in a children’s calligraphy competition, as well as second place in a robotics competition for juniors!” 
A puzzled Pete frowned and said, “Second place? How sad.” 
Lena was confused. 
Furious, she went on and said, “I can recite 300 poems and spell 1,500 words. At the same time, I also learned programming and Mathematical Olympiad-level mathematics!” 
Pete pursed his lips and sighed. “Are poems that hard to memorize and recite? Does programming even require effort to learn? Don’t people immediately get these things after just a look?” 
“” 
A puzzled Pete took Nora’s hand and said, “Let’s go upstairs, Mommy. Aunt Sheena probably still has something to talk to Grandma and Aunt Melissa about, so let’s not disturb them anymore.” 
The two of them left behind a group of dumbfounded people and went upstairs. 
Nora closed the door. Then, she turned around, picked up Pete, and put him down on the sofa while observing him. Cherry hated language studies. Since when did she even speak Arabic? 
Something was definitely wrong! 
She was about to ask Pete when her cell phone suddenly rang and interrupted her thoughts. 
Nora picked up the call. The moment she did, she heard Henry’s voice from the other end. “Nora! You’ve gotten gutsy, haven’t you?! How dare you arrange for the company dividends to be sent to your bank account! Give me back the money right now! Otherwise, what am I supposed to live on?” 
Nora replied coolly, “What does your survival have anything to do with me?” 
“You—!” Henry was furious. But in the end, he said viciously, “I see. Now that you’ve gone to the Andersons, you don’t intend to acknowledge a poor man like me as your father anymore? Thinking of cutting off your relations with me? No way! But if you give me $8,000,000, I’ll cut off relations with you from now on. How about it?” 
Nora’s eyes darkened. Asking for $8,000,000 right away? He sure had a pretty big appetite. 
When he heard her silence, Henry smiled triumphantly and said, “I know you don’t have any money. However, the Andersons do! I’m sure the Andersons won’t want me to show up in New York and
embarrass them, right?” 
“…” 
What a shameless man. However, the corners of Nora’s lips suddenly curled upward the next moment and she said, “Fine, I’ll transfer the money to you right away, but you must tell me where you abandoned my son back then.” 
After a short pause, Henry finally agreed and said, “Fine! I’ll tell you immediately after I receive the money!” 
After hanging up, Nora tapped casually on her cell phone, wrote a Trojan horse malware program, and sent it to Henry. 
The program would show fake funds transfer information when it reached him. However, once he opened the message, his cell phone would immediately be invaded by Nora, thereby allowing her to eavesdrop on him! 
Money? Heh, dream on. 
After she finished all this, she used her cell phone to monitor the conversation on the other side. 
She heard Wendy’s voice first: “Has the money arrived? Has the money arrived?” 
“Yes, it has!” 
“You’ve never mentioned her son’s whereabouts all these years, Henry. Where exactly did you abandon her son?” 
Henry let out a sinister laugh and replied, “Her son? He died a long time ago! I watched him breathe his last back then. After that, I buried him in the suburbs! So, she wants her son back? No problem, I can tell
her where he is. I reckon he’s probably a pile of bones by now?” 
“…” 
Nora felt as if a bomb had suddenly gone off in her mind. 
Her grip on her cell phone loosened and it fell onto the ground. 
He’s dead… 
No wonder Henry had so vehemently refused to reveal any information all this time! No wonder all the private investigators couldn’t find any news of her son! 
Everything in front of her turned blurry, and large teardrops slid down her cheeks… 
Her son was dead… He had died a long time ago! 
It was her fault! It was her fault for not protecting her son! 
She clenched her fists tightly. Her fingernails were embedded in her palms, yet she didn’t feel any pain. 
She felt as if someone had ruthlessly drawn a blunt blade across her heart. It hurt so much that she suddenly couldn’t breathe anymore. She bent down, seemingly unable to hear anything at all… 
It was at this moment that a small pair of hands held her. 
Nora raised her head and immediately saw a small face stained with tears from shock and fright. Pete’s lips parted and closed as he repeated something over and over. She tried hard to hear what he was saying. At last, she finally heard him. 
He said, “Mommy! Don’t cry! I’m still alive!”
###Chapter 50: Mommy, I’m Sorry!
Nora was as pale as a sheet. 
She thought back to the day five years ago when she went into early labor… 
She could remember very clearly that she was in a private clinic at that time. The white walls were peeling and it was very dim in the delivery room. There were only a doctor and a nurse, and they looked very unprofessional. 
She laid on the cold delivery bed without even a shred of dignity. 
She didn’t remember the pain of labor anymore. All she remembered was the restless little hand that peeked out of the blanket wrapped around her son when her father took him away. 
It was so small… as though just the size of her finger. 
She had wanted to get up and take her child back, but her belly started to act up again. 
The amniotic fluid in her water bag was almost gone. If she halted the labor process, then the child who was still in her belly would suffocate to death… 
Nora felt as if all the air in her chest had been sucked away and she couldn’t breathe. 
She had chosen her daughter over her son! 
Over the years, she had made countless phone calls to Henry and pleaded with him many times. However, he had never relented and told her anything. To be honest, she had vaguely already guessed as much deep down in her heart that…
Perhaps her son was already dead. 
Otherwise, why would he still refuse to reveal the boy’s whereabouts after the Grays had agreed to annul the engagement? This was also the reason why she hadn’t immediately used a listening device on Henry when she returned to the States. 
She was afraid of hearing a result that she didn’t want to hear. 
She had ultimately still held a glimmer of hope. 
She also knew very well that the reason why Cherry, a vain and pretentious little princess, had suddenly bought a lot of boys’ clothing and sometimes pretended to be a boy was actually to cheer her up and take away a bit of her pain when she missed her son. 
She looked at her tearful daughter in front of her. When she heard what Pete said, she forced a smile and choked up as she said, “You don’t have to comfort me, Cherry…” 
Pete was badly frightened. The boy, who had been quiet and calm since he was a baby, was crying so badly that his face was covered in tears. 
Mommy was as pale as a sheet, and her usually calm eyes were filled with despair and emptiness. Tears were rolling down her cheeks uncontrollably and her smile looked so tragic. She seemed as if she was going to collapse and pass out the next moment… 
He panicked, utterly so. 
He grabbed Nora’s hand and shouted, “Mommy, I’m not lying! I’m Pete! I’m Peter Hunt, not Cherry! I’m not Cheryl Smith!” 
“Mommy, I’m sorry! I shouldn’t have kept it a secret from you!” 
“Mommy, look at me! I’m Pete!”
“I was wrong. I won’t do it anymore… Sob…” 
His shouts made Nora’s eyes gradually regain focus and her rationality gradually returned to her. She looked at Pete. “What… did you say?” 
She found his claims incredulous, yet Cherry’s various eccentricities during the recent period of time started to surface in her mind. 
For example, Cherry had suddenly stopped playing games and started to read. 
For example, Cherry would occasionally speak a lot less and become a lot quieter. 
And, for example, when Cherry spoke fluent Arabic downstairs just now… 
Everything in front of her became vague and surreal, and for a moment, Nora couldn’t tell whether this was a dream or reality… 
With her eyes filled with confusion, she asked, “Really?” 
“Mommy, it’s true.” Pete put his arms around her waist. With his little face raised, he said, “My younger sister and I look exactly the same, but I grew up in New York. My name is Peter Hunt and my father is Justin Hunt!” 
Nora stared at him. “Where’s Cherry, then?” 
Seeing that she didn’t seem to believe him, Pete, who was afraid that his mother would return to that state earlier, gritted his teeth and said, “Mommy, come with me!” 
He held Nora’s hand with his own little hand and the two of them went downstairs.
Downstairs, Sheena was still ranting, “She may be a child, but she sure talks big! Eight languages? She probably just learned a phrase so that she could brag to others, right? And, how dare she look down on Lena’s second-place victory? Hah, why doesn’t she try showing us a third-place victory, then?!” 
“… That’s enough!” The elderly Mrs. Anderson slammed the white cane she was holding against the floor. “She’s your sister’s one and only daughter! She’s already quite the poor thing—” 
At once, Sheena suddenly screamed, “Uh-huh, she’s quite the poor thing, and so is my sister. But what about me?! If she hadn’t run away from home and ended up being rumored to have eloped, would the Andersons’ reputation have been this terrible?! Neither would my ex-fiancé have broken off our engagement! How much ridicule did we endure because of her back then?!” 
Melissa heaved a deep sigh. To be honest, everyone loved Nora’s mother deeply; that was why they were so upset with her. Sheena had been so proud of her sister back then… 
She was about to console Sheena when she heard someone coming down the stairs. 
She turned to see Nora and Cherry coming down. 
She asked, “It’s late, Nora. Where are the two of you going?” 
Pete was very anxious, so he didn’t answer. 
Nora was as though a soulless puppet at the moment, so she didn’t answer, either. 
The two left the living room. 
A look of confusion came over Melissa’s countenance. Mrs. Anderson, who couldn’t see, asked anxiously, “What’s the matter? Did Nora leave? Was it because of Sheena? Sheena, get Nora back here! If she leaves, then you can forget about ever coming back here to see me!”
Sheena was also dumbfounded. Her sharp and fierce expression cracked, but she nevertheless curled her lip and scoffed, “She can leave if she wants to. I’d instead show more admiration for her if she doesn’t rely on the Andersons!” 
Melissa panicked. She said, “Sheena, Nora has never once said that she intends to rely on us. She’s a doctor! She can support herself! If you don’t like her, then you can come back less often in the future!” 
She went after Nora after saying that. 
Unfortunately, the moment she went out, Nora had already started the car and disappeared from the porch in the blink of an eye. 
In the car. 
Little Pete sat in the passenger seat. With his seat belt buckled, he pointed the way with the help of his cell phone. “Turn right… Turn left at the third intersection…” 
He knew Mommy was scared and needed to see that there were two children before she could feel at ease. 
He couldn’t continue to hide it anymore. 
Nora stayed silent and drove seriously. 
Half an hour later, the car arrived at a villa complex. 
Security at the gates was brisk and they refused to let them in, but the moment the guard saw Pete, he immediately greeted him respectfully. “Welcome back, Mr. Hunt.”
‘Mr. Hunt’… 
Nora, who had a stern look on her face, stared intently ahead of her. 
She had already calmed down on the way here. She also believed most of what Pete said, but the fear and panic of losing her son led to her having to see both children in front of her with her own two eyes before she could feel at ease. 
The guards gave them clearance and she drove into the villa complex. 
“Mommy, go to Villa No. 8.” 
Nora obediently stopped the car at Villa No. 8’s entrance. She staggered out of the car and knocked on the door. 
Ding-dong! 
The doorbell rang. A few seconds later, someone opened the door. Cherry’s adorable little head popped out and she asked cutely, “Who… Mommy?!” 
Justin’s voice followed closely after. “Who’s at the door, Pete?”
###Chapter 51: He Really Was Hers, Though
As Pete was still being suspected of pushing his great-grandmother down the stairs, Justin didn’t take him back to the Hunts’ residence. Instead, they were staying at a villa in the suburbs. 
It was already dark, and he was playing a jigsaw puzzle with Cherry. 
When the doorbell rang, Cherry was the one who opened the door first. He followed after her, feeling a little impatient. 
Who would come over at such late hours? 
Didn’t he already leave instructions that he wasn’t having visitors or dealing with work matters from 6 pm to 9 pm because he wanted to spend some time with his son in peace? 
But when Justin walked over with a cold look on his face only to see the stunning visage at the door, the chilly aura around him subconsciously dissipated. His deep-set eyes narrowed slightly and he raised an eyebrow. “Miss Smith?” 
He had asked her out to the hospital this afternoon, but she rejected his invitation. 
Yet she came straight to his home in the evening? 
In addition, the look in her eyes had become as fervent as the one she had that night in the hospital. Her scorching gaze was as if it could burn… 
He had seen that look in many women’s eyes before, and it often annoyed him. 
But when she looked at him like that… No, why did it seem like she wasn’t looking at him?
Justin followed her gaze. He slowly lowered his head to see his son looking up at the woman in astonishment with his big round eyes. 
Cherry swallowed hard. “M-mommy…” 
It’s all over! 
Why didn’t Pete say anything in advance? The cat’s out of the bag! 
Justin’s expression stiffened—he was a little unhappy. He subtly stepped forward and stood in front of his son. Then, his lips slowly parted and he said, “You—” 
But before he could say whatever he wanted to say, the woman in front of him suddenly spoke. Her voice was husky and shaking as she asked, “Is this your son?” 
Justin was bewildered. 
You’ve already hugged and kissed him, and even coaxed him to call you Mommy again and again. Yet you’re asking something like that now? 
But when he saw that she didn’t seem to be acting, he frowned, suppressed his displeasure, and answered, “Yes.” 
“Your biological son?” 
“Of course.” Justin’s expression darkened. The woman’s questions were simply ridiculous. He coldly retorted, “In any case, he can’t possibly be yours anyway.” 
… He really was hers, though. 
The corners of Nora’s lips twitched, but she didn’t say it.
Not only was the current situation unclear, but the person she was dealing with was Justin Hunt. Should he really be the father of her children… Looking at things from his perspective, if he were to know that he also had a daughter, he would definitely fight with her for custody of their daughter! 
Nora held her forehead. After she calmed down, she felt a bit of a headache coming on. 
Before returning to the States, she had imagined various scenarios. If someone had adopted her son, then she would offer them a lot of monetary compensation. No matter what, she must have her son back. 
But if that person was Justin Hunt, given his power in the States, she really might not be able to beat him. 
Nora coughed and asked, “Mr. Hunt, do you know who the boy’s mother is?” 
At her question, the look in Justin’s eyes suddenly turned dark and baleful. As though he had thought of something unpleasant, he replied coldly, “I don’t know. I’m not interested in her.” 
Yet Nora didn’t seem afraid at all. She asked, “Then how did you have children with her?” 
Five years ago, she had either been sleeping or staying at home the whole time. How exactly did she become pregnant? 
Justin pressed his lips tightly together. He was already on the verge of losing his temper. The look in his eyes was icy and piercing, and even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye exuded a deep chill. He replied, “You’re asking too many questions, Miss Smith.” 
Pete, who was hiding in the car nearby the whole time, became nervous when he saw the tyrant’s expression. 
Oh no, the tyrant is about to lose his temper! 
But right after, he heard his mom simply say, “Oh, I just wanted to know a bit more.” 
Pete held his head. He was in such a panic that he wanted to get out of the car and defend his mother. The next moment, however, he saw his father—who was on the brink of flying into a rage—suddenly becoming stunned. Then, all his anger disappeared as though someone had pricked a hole in a balloon. 
Pete was perplexed. 
Justin froze. 
She just wanted to know a bit more about him… She sure was direct about things. But when he thought about it, it certainly matched her style of doing things. 
The corners of his tightly pursed lips slowly relaxed and he asked, “You came all the way here at night just to talk about this?” 
She had come to verify the existence of her other child, of course. 
Nora obviously couldn’t say that, though. She pondered for a moment before she replied, “I came to let you know a few things. Your grandma will regain consciousness this weekend, but due to her prolonged coma, her body is weak, so intense nourishment is not recommended. She’ll need to eat light in the earlier stages…” 
At the sight of her spinning so many stories, the smile on Justin’s lips widened. “I believe the doctors at Hospital Finest are more professional than you when it comes to nursing care.” 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. His words sounded a little familiar. 
However, she didn’t think much about it. She said, “You’re right. This was indeed an unnecessary move.” 
Then, she looked at the stupefied Cherry again. The corners of her lips curled up slightly and her cat-like eyes gleamed with a dark light. “You must be Pete, right? You look… so adorable.”
Cherry was at a loss for words. 
She shrank back. Her mom felt terribly scary at the moment. Generally, the angrier she was, the brighter she would smile. 
Cherry gave her an ingratiating smile and replied, “Hehe, it’s all thanks to my parents, yeah! My Mommy is even cuter than me!” 
Nora, who seemed as if she was gnashing her teeth, said, “I wonder what the little Mr. Hunt is going to do tomorrow?” 
Cherry blinked and replied, “Cherr… Cherry Pit has already become Mr. Quinn’s disciple. I’m going to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to learn martial arts tomorrow!” 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts… So, that old man knew about this a long time ago, too! 
Hah. 
Nora nodded and touched her little head. “Okay, got it.” 
If one read between the lines, what she was saying was: ‘See you at the Quinn School of Martial Arts tomorrow.’ 
Cherry was speechless. 
After seeing Mommy turn and leave, Cherry’s tiny form trembled a little as she looked at Justin and asked, “Daddy, can I skip martial arts practice tomorrow?” 
Sob! Mommy’s so scary! 
On the way home, Nora was in a fantastic mood.
Although things were a bit tricky because Justin was the father to her children, her son was still alive. For her, this was the best outcome possible. 
She turned and saw a small face that was identical to Cherry’s but also as staid and unsmiling as Justin’s. It made him look like a little old man. 
Nora’s voice was husky as she said teasingly, “You should have just taken off your pants to prove that you’re a boy, Pete.” 
Pete was astounded. 
He immediately blushed and turned to look out the window. “Mommy, you’re terrible.” 
The next day. 
Nora took Pete to the Quinn School of Martial Arts early in the morning. 
Quinn, who had woken up at five o’clock, had already practiced a set of boxing moves. He had just taken a bath and changed into dry clothes. After he walked out, he looked at Pete affectionately and called out, “Cherry!” 
Pete gave him a look. “Hi, Grandpa Quinn.” 
Quinn, who thought he had understood what he meant, returned him a look of his own: “Don’t worry, I understand. I’ll cover for you!” 
He looked at Nora and said, “Little Nora, I’ll take care of your kid for you. You can go!” 
A half-amused Nora looked at him. “Old man, are you now trying to trick my daughter after you’ve already tricked my son?”
Quinn was bewildered.
###Chapter 52: Conquer Him In Bed!
Quinn, who had come back to his senses, turned to run. Unfortunately, Nora had already stepped forward and grabbed his beard. “Old man, what are you running away for?” 
Quinn cried out in pain. “Let go, Sleepyhead!” 
Pete, who was next to them, was speechless. 
He’d thought that Mommy was a very gentle person—after all, she was always sleeping. But after they went home last night, she insisted on taking off his pants. Mommy had been very cheeky then, and because of the chaos that had ensued, the two of them had become a lot closer. 
Now, he also discovered that Mommy actually also had a very violent side to her. 
She was just like a treasure trove that always gave him one novel surprise after another. 
Nora plucked off two strands of hair from Quinn’s beard before she finally let him go. 
She really was rather mad. 
The children didn’t understand her pain, but as her teacher, how could Quinn possibly not understand? Yet he had still helped the two little fellows to keep it a secret from her. 
Half an hour later, Justin sent Cherry over. 
Nora’s eyes reddened a little as she stared at the two identical faces, and contentment filled her heart.
Quinn circled around them. “It’s so rare for boy-girl twins to be identical! Sleepyhead, I’m going to take them to practice once you’ve had enough of staring at them.” 
Nora nodded. 
After Cherry went off to watch Quinn and Pete practice martial arts, Nora cast her eyes down and picked up her cell phone. She called her aunt and related what had happened to her. “… Say, if I run off with the two of them now, what will Justin Hunt do?” 
Her aunt’s voice was very carefree and hearty. She replied, “Why does it have to be him? He isn’t just the head of the number one family… That man isn’t one to be messed with. Even if you manage to escape, you’ll be caught sooner or later anyway! I’d advise you to give up on that.” 
Nora leaned back on the recliner lazily. “What should I do, then? Do I pay to get my son back?” 
“He seems to be richer than you.” 
“Then do I challenge him to a fight? Whoever wins gets the child?” 
“He seems stronger than you.” 
“… Is there anything I’m better than him at?” 
Her aunt thought for a while. Suddenly, she laughed and said, “You’re better than him at sleeping. Why don’t you conquer him in bed?” 
“…” 
Nora was speechless for a moment. Then, her aunt said jokingly, “Or why don’t you get him to fall in love with you? The two of you can just get together!” 
Nora thought for a while and came to a conclusion. “It’s too much of a loss for me if I do that.”
“What’s your loss? He’s pretty handsome, so he’ll look okay next to you.” 
Nora sighed and replied, “I wanted a son, but if I do that, not only would I lose my daughter to him, but I’ll also lose myself to him.” 
After a few cheeky exchanges with her aunt, Nora hung up. 
After thinking about it, she decided that it might be better to have a good talk with Justin instead. After all, after interacting with him for some time, she had found that Justin wasn’t as unreasonable as how he was rumored to be. 
After giving Quinn and the children a heads-up, she went to Hospital Finest. 
Justin and his younger brother were in the hallway. Neither of them saw her, so Nora walked over. 
It was Sunday the next day, so Howard would be handling family matters on behalf of his grandfather at the family home. 
Justin wanted Chester to keep Pete company when that happened. 
Chester patted his chest and promised, “No problem! I’ll watch over him and prevent anyone from bullying him!” 
After he said that, he thought of the huge secret that he was hiding from his elder brother. He let out a guilty cough and asked, “Can I ask you something, Justin?” 
Justin was as reticent as ever. “Say it.” 
Chester scratched his head. “If Pete’s biological mother were to stand right in front of you, what would you do?” 
Nora had just approached them when she heard his question.
After a short pause, she heard Justin’s icy, hateful voice: “I will give her a terrible death.” 
“…” 
A chill suddenly ran down her spine. The murderous aura around Justin in that instant, as well as the murderous look in his eyes, made her limbs turn cold. 
This was the first time Nora realized what her aunt meant when she said that man wasn’t to be messed with. 
Chester was also shocked. He asked, “What did his mom do to make you hate her so much, Justin?” 
However, Justin merely pressed his lips together tightly. He didn’t want to bring it up again. 
Nora stepped back quietly and turned the corner into the stairwell before the two men could discover her presence. Then, she took the stairs down and drove straight out of the hospital. 
As she held the steering wheel, she frowned and wondered. Just what kind of feud did she have with Justin to actually make him harbor such great hatred toward her? 
Was it related to her pregnancy back then? How exactly had she gotten pregnant? Surely she couldn’t have taken him by force while she was sleepwalking, right? Cough. 
Never mind. If she couldn’t figure it out, then she would just hide it from him for now. 
She had to stay in New York for a while longer anyway! 
Nora went to the herbal store and pharmacy to collect the pills and topical ointments that she had made a custom order for the day before. During the collection process, the pharmacist asked, “Do you have a
name for these pills? They smell so refreshing!” 
Nora smiled and answered, “They are known as the Carefree Pills.” 
In the afternoon, while Justin wasn’t there yet, she picked up Cherry from Quinn’s and took her back to the Andersons. 
At the Andersons. 
Sheena was there again. She had a grave and worried look on her face, and even her suit and exquisite makeup couldn’t hide her fatigue. 
A pale Melissa asked, “What do we do, Sheena?” 
The Andersons had always been the overlord of the pharmaceutical industry. The traditional medicines that they made had excellent effects, and the recipes were passed down from generation to generation. In their generation, their father had taught Nora’s mother everything he knew and lauded her as a genius like no other when it came to pharmaceuticals. 
Simon hadn’t taken up the profession. 
Sheena, however, picked up a little of it. 
Thus, when Nora’s mother ran away from home and caused the Andersons’ gradual decline, Sheena had stepped forward to ensure and maintain their pharmaceutical factory’s operation. 
She was someone whose bark was worse than their bite. Her love for her sister had given rise to hate, which caused her to also feel resentment toward Nora.
Sheena’s back was ramrod straight as she ranted. “The Myerses are too shameless! How dare they hire an expert to test and compare their Cooling Tablets to our Vitality Water! Their product does have better medicinal effects than ours, but we’re both minding our own business here. What makes them think they can trample upon us so arrogantly?” 
Simon, who had just been discharged, leaned on the sofa and heaved a huge sigh. “Sis once developed a formula for Carefree Pills, which are more effective than the Cooling Tablets. If she were still around, things wouldn’t have come to this point.” 
Sheena’s eyes immediately widened. Then, the tired woman’s eyes reddened and she reprimanded Simon. “It’s all her fault that the Andersons are in this predicament! Never mind that she left, but how can she take The Philosophies of Medicine with her and leave us with this mess?! That book was passed down from generation to generation in the Andersons!” 
Simon didn’t speak. 
Melissa, however, suddenly suggested, “Why don’t we ask Nora if she understands pharmacology?” 
Sheena sneered, “Sis died when Nora wasn’t even a year old. How could she possibly understand?!” 
Nora entered the house with Cherry at this point. When she saw Sheena, she didn’t bother going over to incur her resentment and just nodded slightly at her, intending to go upstairs to her grandmother. 
Suddenly, a puzzled Melissa stopped her and asked, “Nora, what do you have in that bag?”
###Chapter 53: Pills
Nora, who had stored the medicinal herbs in a black plastic bag, answered casually, “It’s just some medicinal herbs. I intend to treat Grandma’s eyes.” 
Melissa was a little surprised. “You’re also skilled in traditional medicine?” 
Nora was about to answer when Sheena said, “As if she would know traditional medicine? It’s probably an over-the-counter ointment that she bought without much thought, right? Your grandmother has been blind for over 20 years. We’ve approached many doctors, but none of them could cure her. You’d better not indiscriminately try such medicine of unknown origin on her! Your grandmother is already very advanced in her years. Are you going to take responsibility if anything goes wrong?” 
Her sarcasm made Nora frown. 
Simon said, “That’s enough, Sheena! Nora is just a child. Why are you venting your anger on her?” 
Sheena immediately started to quarrel persistently with Simon. 
Nora decided not to say anything and went straight to her grandmother’s room upstairs. 
Her grandmother was resting on the sofa. Seemingly having heard the dispute downstairs, she was quietly weeping. When she heard the door open, she turned her ear to the door and asked, “Who is it?” 
The elderly lady was very old. Her eyes looked very blank and her silver hair was tied neatly behind her. The lights in the room were switched off—after all, she didn’t need it anyway. In the dim environment, she formed an exceptionally heartbreaking sight. 
Nora cast her eyes downward, her curly eyelashes hiding her emotions. She adopted a tone as lighthearted as possible and replied, “It’s me, Grandma.”
“Oh, it’s Nora!” Her grandmother wiped her tears and sat up. She reached her arm out toward her and said, “Here, come to Grandma!” 
When Nora walked over with Cherry and sat down on the sofa, her grandmother sighed and said, “Nora, your Aunt Sheena may have a foul mouth, but she’s a softie at heart. You can just take whatever she says as nonsense and ignore her.” 
The analogy made Nora smile. “Okay.” 
She opened the bag she was holding and took out the pills and ointment inside. Then, she meticulously explained to her grandmother how to use the medicine. After she committed it to memory, she chatted with her for a while more before leaving. 
Sheena also went up to visit Mrs. Anderson and saw that she was in good health. Before she left, she noticed the dark-colored medicine on the table and frowned. “Mom, you can use the ointment if you want, but don’t take the oral pills. Medicinal herbs have extensive and profound uses, and once a wrong herb is used in a formula, the effects will differ greatly. The pills don’t look like they were prescribed by a proper hospital. It’s best that you don’t eat it in case something goes wrong!” 
Mrs. Anderson frowned and replied, “… Okay, I heard you.” 
After Sheena left, Melissa also came to check on her and see if she had gone to bed yet. When she saw the pills on the table, she was taken aback for a moment. Then, she picked them up and asked, “What pills are these, Mom? They smell pretty nice…” 
Mrs. Anderson sighed and answered, “Nora gave them to me. They’re for my eyes.” 
A look of worry came over Melissa’s features. “Judging from how Nora operated on Simon, it seems like she’s a surgeon. She probably doesn’t know much about traditional medicine, right?”
Taken aback, Mrs. Anderson suggested, “Why don’t you ask her about the formula?” 
Melissa shook her head. “Nora has only just returned. Moreover, Sheena even made such remarks about her just now. If I ask her about the formula now, it’ll seem as if we don’t trust her and end up hurting her pride. How about this? Sheril studies traditional medicine. I’ll get her to come home tomorrow and have a look at these pills?” 
The old lady nodded. 
Melissa then placed the pills on the coffee table for her and helped her to the bed. After she went to rest for the night, Melissa left. 
After Melissa left the room, Mrs. Anderson suddenly got up. She tapped about in front of her with the white cane and came to the coffee table in a practiced manner. 
She fumbled about and picked up a pill. When she held it under her nose and sniffed at it, a refreshing scent assailed her sense and she felt a comfortable feeling that she had never experienced before come over her. 
She couldn’t help picking up a glass of water and popping a pill. Then, she also picked up the ointment and applied it on her eyes. 
She had already been blind for more than 20 years anyway, so why not give it a try? 
It was Sunday the next day. 
The Hunts had scheduled a family meeting on this day to discuss what they should do about Pete. 
“Mommy, aren’t you going over to have a look? Pete isn’t good at talking. What if someone bullies him?”
Cherry, who was wearing cute yellow pajamas, rested her chin on her hands and asked curiously. 
When Nora, who was getting dressed, heard her, she raised an eyebrow and said, “If your brother is kicked out of the Hunts, then won’t that mean that he can come with me instead?” 
Cherry was at a loss for words. 
Nora was actually just joking. 
Even if she wanted to take her son and have him leave the Hunts, she wouldn’t do it in a way that humiliated him like that. 
She mustn’t let the accusation of having a mental illness relapse and pushing his great-grandmother down the stairs become a lifelong burden weighing Pete down, either. 
After instructing Cherry to stay home, she drove to the hospital. 
Hospital Finest belonged to the Hunts. In order to ensure that no one disturbed the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s rest, she was warded in the VIP ward on the top floor. There were no other patients on the same floor for now. 
When Nora arrived, the hallway on that floor was filled with members of the Hunts. 
There were many new faces apart from Justin’s uncle’s family whom she had seen the other time. Obviously, things seemed to have become rather blown out of proportion. 
When she went upstairs, Justin’s second uncle, Raymond, was already making a scene there. 
“How can he say that it wasn’t Peter who did it? Things have already come to this point, yet he’s actually still flat-out denying it! He’s not going to admit to it until Mom wakes up to testify! How ridiculous is that? If he murders someone, is he also going to wait for the victim to come back to life and testify against him? Howard, what do you say we do about this?” 
Howard, whose arm muscles were obvious even through the black t-shirt he was wearing, touched his nose after hearing what he said. “Uncle Raymond, what Grandpa means is that Pete is still a five-year- old child after all…” 
The corners of Roger’s eyes were upturned, and he looked a little as if he was smiling even when he wasn’t. He heaved a sigh and said, “Howard, I know you’re on good terms with Justin, and he’s even the head of the family. Having you handle this does indeed put you in a difficult position… Sigh. Maybe we should just drop the matter?” 
An angry Raymond yelled, “Howard, your grandpa has always made a clear distinction between official and personal matters! If you’re not capable of that, why should you be allowed to take over the responsibility of watching over the family home?” 
With the two of them playing good cop and bad cop, Howard simply couldn’t put in a good word for Pete at all. He looked at Justin anxiously, only to see him calm and steady. 
Howard forced himself to calm down. He said, “When Grandaunt wakes u—” 
“If Mom never wakes up, are we going to just put this off forever?!” Raymond said aggressively, “Oh, I get it now. No wonder Justin stubbornly went ahead with the operation despite Dr. York and several other specialists saying that they didn’t recommend Mom undergoing surgery! Justin, tell me, are you hoping that your grandma never wakes up so that you can use that as an excuse to drag this on?” 
Everyone looked at Justin.
Raymond narrowed his eyes. “No wonder you got a doctor whom we’ve never seen before to do it, and no wonder Mom still hasn’t woken up yet!” 
As soon as he said that, an elated Tina York walked out of the ward!
###Chapter 54: Mr. Hunt Is Being Narcissistic Again
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios 
The people in the hallway hadn’t noticed Tina yet. 
Roger said as mildly as ever, “Justin, the doctor from that day looked like she’s only in her twenties. It seems like we haven’t seen her ever since the operation, right?” 
A single line from him was enough to raise everyone’s suspicions. 
Raymond even pointed at Justin and yelled, “Okay! Even though his son pushed someone down the stairs, he, as his father, only knows to blindly shelter and indulge him! After that, he even got a doctor to harm his own grandmother! Justin, you have to give us an explanation for this in front of everyone from the family home!” 
“He got some nobody doctor to treat her illness? He’s too much!” 
“I didn’t expect Justin to be so cruel. She’s his grandmother…” 
“…” 
Everyone started to speculate among themselves. 
Raymond and his son, Roger, exchanged a look with each other, and looks of triumph appeared on their faces. 
Howard lowered his voice and started to become anxious when he heard their speculations. He said, “Why isn’t Great-Grandma awake yet, Justin? Who did you get to operate on her? I can’t hold them back much longer!”
Justin’s eyes glinted darkly. 
Since he had decided to ask for her help, he trusted her. If he didn’t, he wouldn’t have approached her. 
Since she said that Grandma would regain consciousness on Sunday, she would definitely wake up. 
He said coldly, “Uncle Raymond, are you in such a hurry that you can’t even wait until night falls?” 
He wasn’t very loud. His voice was low and clear, but it inspired a lot of awe. Even in a noisy situation like this, it clearly reached the ears of everyone present. 
Everyone in the hallway fell silent for a moment. 
A mean and sinister look filled Roger’s eyes. With a smile still on his face, he replied, “Everyone here is an outstanding member of the Hunts, Justin. We have politicians as well as businessmen here. Are you just going to tell them to wait when they’ve specially put aside everything on hand to come over today?” 
Raymond also added sharply, “You’re obviously just stalling for time! It’s been half a month since the incident, yet you’re still telling us to wait? Howard, there’s substantial evidence to prove that Peter Hunt injured his Great-Grandma. Aren’t you going to make a clear stance on it? 
“And Justin, too. You showed no regard for your grandmother’s life and randomly got some doctor to operate on her, leading to her very possibly never waking up again. You have to take responsibility for this!” 
He stared at Justin excitedly. 
He had originally only intended to make use of this issue to get rid of that little bastard, but little did he think that Justin would get himself involved, too. He must take the opportunity to take away his position as the head of the family!
In his moment of triumph, a woman’s high-pitched voice suddenly reached them. “Who says Mrs. Hunt won’t ever wake up again? She’s already awake!” 
Tina stepped aside to reveal a nurse helping the hospital gown-clad Mrs. Hunt out. The elderly lady had bandages wrapped around her head, but the look in her eyes was sharp. 
When she came out, everyone in the hallway fell silent. 
Raymond and Roger glanced at each other. Then, the two of them took a step forward in tandem and put on an act of agitated surprise. 
“Mom!” 
“Grandma!” 
Raymond wanted to hold her, but Mrs. Hunt stretched out her arm. Then, with all her strength… 
Smack! 
A slap landed across Raymond’s cheek. A furious Mrs. Hunt berated, “You no-good son! Pete was trying to pull me back that time. He’s a good boy, so why would he push me down the stairs?! Are you trying to instigate an uprising by gathering so many people here?!” 
Raymond was dumbfounded. 
Roger stopped and stood still, the look in his eyes flickering a little. Then, without any change in his expression, he lowered his head and said, “Sorry, Grandma. Dad was just worried about you…” 
“Hmph!” 
Mrs. Hunt decided to leave her grandson a little dignity, so she instead looked at everyone else and said, “All of you can go now.”
She returned to the ward after that. 
Seeing that the whole farce was just a false alarm, the rest of the Hunts left one by one. 
Justin and the others followed her into the ward. Nora also quietly walked over. 
As soon as she arrived at the door, she heard the old lady say, “It’s all thanks to Tina that I could wake up in time!” 
Tina stood tall and straight. She had a white lab coat on and looked confident. As she directed her scorching gaze at Justin, a faint smile also appeared at the corners of her lips. 
“Mr. Hunt, this is the Carefree Pill. It has a refreshing effect on the mind and is made by Mr. Myers, my teacher who taught me traditional medicine! There are only two of such pills in the world, and it was only through special means that he managed to preserve them for 25 years. After much begging, I finally got him to give me one…” 
Nora, who was leaning casually against the wall and eavesdropping, was bewildered. 
After 25 years of storage, even if the pill hadn’t expired, it probably wasn’t effective anymore! 
However, Tina boasted exaggeratedly about the pill’s effects. She said, “Not only does this pill not have any side effects, but it can also refresh the mind, detox, and nourish the body. Additionally, it can even treat patients with cerebral hemorrhage. It’s practically an elixir!” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
What did Mrs. Hunt regaining consciousness have anything to do with that pill? The effects didn’t even correlate with her symptoms! 
She shook her head and decided to simply turn and leave.
Inside the ward, mockery flashed across Justin’s eyes. 
If that pill really were effective, why would Tina wait until today to give it to Grandma? 
In the end, wasn’t it just because Nora had successfully operated on her? That pill would only have a refreshing effect on the mind at best… 
When he thought of that, he suddenly noticed a flash of movement outside the door. He strode out to see a familiar figure entering the elevator. 
The corners of Justin’s lips suddenly curled up into a smile. 
Didn’t she say she wasn’t coming over? Yet she did in the end. Was she worried about Grandma’s condition? Or was she… worried about him? 
In the middle of his thoughts, he heard Raymond say, “Justin, I—” 
Justin’s countenance darkened and turned cold at once. The look in his eyes was like the coldest of ice as he said, “Now that Grandma has regained consciousness, it’s time for us to settle some scores, Uncle Raymond.” 
At the Andersons. 
“What? The Carefree Pill?” Sheena clenched her fists furiously. She swept the glasses on the coffee table onto the ground and shouted, “Sis was obviously the one who made them! Jon Myers has no shame! How does he have the cheek to say that he had made them?” 
Simon pressed his lips together tightly. A dispirited look came over him and he said, “We don’t have the formula for it. Who would believe us? On the contrary, they’ll even mock us and say that we’re just jealous! The Myers have now made a name for themselves by curing Mrs. Hunt. On top of that, they’re even using us as a stepping stone… It’s probably all over for us and Harmonia Pharmacy now!”
Sheena’s eyes reddened. She gritted her teeth and said, “I don’t have any problem with their advertising, but what makes them think they can step all over us and one-up us?” 
At this point, Sheril entered the room. When she noticed the awful looks on their faces, her heart sank. “Dad, Aunt Sheena. What’s the matter?” 
Melissa got up and said, “You’re still young, so don’t worry about the adults’ affairs. Why don’t you check that pill for your grandma and see if it’s suitable for consumption instead?” 
Sheril nodded. 
She followed Melissa upstairs. However, when they entered Mrs. Anderson’s room, they noticed that she was sitting on the sofa in a daze. Taken aback, Melissa asked, “What’s wrong, Mom?” 
The dazed old lady replied, “It seems like my eyes are showing a bit of reaction…” 
Her words stunned Melissa. Then, she snatched the pill from the table and passed it to Sheril. “Quick, have a look at this! What kind of pill is it?”
###Chapter 55: Your Son Is My Son
Sheril majored in traditional medicine and pharmacology in college. Sheena had been carefully training and grooming her all this time so that she could take over Harmonia Pharmacy in the future. 
Thus, she knew her way around medicines somewhat. 
She picked up the dark-colored pill and sniffed it carefully. A fresh and invigorating aura assailed her senses, instantly clearing and revitalizing the mind. 
It felt as comfortable as taking a deep breath in the mountains. 
Sheril’s pretty little face turned serious and she stared at the pill, studying it intently. 
A look of hesitation appeared on Melissa’s mild and gentle countenance. “What’s the matter?” 
Sheril shook her head. Then, she asked hesitantly, “Can I have this, Grandma? I’d like to take it back with me so that I can study it and verify something!” 
Mrs. Anderson nodded. “Sure. Take one with you.” 
As if she had just found a treasure, Sheril carefully put the pill into a bag, went downstairs, and made a beeline for the laboratory. 
Seeing her leave in a panic, Sheena and Simon, who were discussing countermeasures in the living room, were taken aback. 
Sheena frowned. “I’ll go upstairs and have a look.” 
While Nora was driving home, her cell phone rang—it was an unfamiliar number. The moment she picked up, an angry voice from the other end of the call reached her. “Nora, where’s the money? Didn’t
you already transfer it into my bank account? Why did they say that there isn’t any money in the account at all when I went to the bank to transfer the funds today?! You no-good daughter! Now that you’re clinging to the Andersons, are we too poor for your tastes? Are you thinking of ditching us so that you can enjoy life over there? Dream on!” 
The smile at Nora’s lips was wild and arrogant. “Dad, there’s something I want to ask you.” 
“What? I’m warning you, stop dilly-dallying and transfer the money over now…” 
Nora looked straight ahead of her with her fingers resting gently on the steering wheel. She had long since stopped feeling sad because of people like him. She asked calmly, “Was my mom blind when she married you?” 
“?” 
Before he could recover, Nora had already hung up. 
The only reason why she had put up with him all these years was that she was afraid that he would mistreat her son. Now, she finally managed to let out her frustrations. 
Her cell phone suddenly rang again. Nora cast a quick glance at it—the caller ID was still a string of numbers. She answered the call, but before the other party could speak, she said sarcastically, “Why are you calling me again? Are you dying? Are you trying to ask me to take care of your funeral?” 
“…” 
Upon hearing silence on the other end, she scoffed coldly. She was about to hang up when Justin’s low, deep voice rang out. He asked, “Miss Smith, are you intending to take care of my funeral?” 
In the hospital, the corners of Justin’s lips curled upward. 
Typically, apart from one’s children, only their spouse would be involved in their funeral matters!
How intense of her. Even her confession involved promises of life and death. 
Nora, “” 
It was only then that she realized that she had hurled insults at the wrong person. The string of unfamiliar numbers was Justin’s phone number. Too lazy to explain, she asked, “Is something the matter, Mr. Hunt?” 
The voice on the phone was deep and pleasant, and it resounded in the car through the speaker. He said, “I recall you mentioning that you wanted me to locate someone for you after you’ve cured my grandma?” 
“There isn’t need for that anymore,” replied Nora coldly. However, a thought suddenly occurred to her—if Justin owed her a huge favor, then did that mean she could use that to ask for her son back? 
Thus, she softened her tone and added, “It’s an honor to be of help to you.” 
Justin stiffened slightly. “…” 
He leaned against the wall along a hallway in the hospital, feeling good all over. It seemed like this was the first time she was speaking so amicably to him ever since they met? 
He surprisingly didn’t quite know how to respond. 
Then, he heard her say, “Feel free to come to me whenever anyone in your family—especially your son —falls sick, Mr. Hunt. I have a daughter myself, so I’m very familiar with children’s illnesses. Moreover, I always feel a sense of kinship toward your son whenever I see him, so don’t ever feel too embarrassed to approach me for help. You can come to me even if it’s just a small bout of flu, fever, or discomfort… You get me?”
By especially bringing up how he had a son and she had a daughter, was she trying to tell him that the two of them were a good match? That both of them were single but with a child? 
The corners of his deep-set eyes turned upward again. The small brown beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed especially alluring as he said, “Thank you.” 
The woman immediately replied, “Don’t stand on ceremony with me. From now on, your son is also my son. I will dote on him like he’s my own.” 
“…” 
Listen to those shocking things she’s saying! 
Justin subtly changed the subject and asked, “I heard that news mistakenly got out that it was Mr. Myers who cured Grandma. Would you like the matter clarified?” 
He had thought of clarifying the matter when his grandmother mentioned that it was all thanks to Tina that she recovered. However, when he thought of how she seemed to dislike trouble, how she kept her identity a secret, and how she didn’t wish for her identity to be exposed; he had refrained from doing so. 
Sure enough, he heard her say, “No, it’s fine. Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” 
After hanging up, the woman’s wild and arrogant—yet always sleepy—visage surfaced in Justin’s mind and his smile widened. 
At this point, he heard a voice coming from behind. “Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin immediately reined in his smile. He turned to see his executive assistant, Sean Jenkins, standing there respectfully. He had a pair of glasses on. Unlike the talkative and naggy Lawrence, he was
relatively low-key and reticent, and always went straight to the point when he spoke. He said, “Mr. Raymond has stepped down from his position as vice-chairman of the company.” 
Justin nodded. Before entering the ward, he suddenly looked at him. “Have you made a note of all those people who were cooperating with him today?” 
Sean answered, “Yes, I’ve noted them all.” 
Justin’s eyes were icy-cold. In order to fight for power, his uncle had surely bribed a lot of people over the last few years. The reason why he had allowed them to make a fuss outside the ward this afternoon was just so that he could note down who was on his uncle’s side. 
This time, he would get them all in one fell swoop. 
Elsewhere. 
Nora drove back to the Andersons. 
After getting out of the car, she stretched and entered the living room. 
As soon as she entered, she saw Sheena and Simon both seated on the sofa with stern and grave expressions. 
She was about to ask what had happened when Sheena got up in a whoosh, picked up a teacup, and hurled it at her! 
Crash! 
The teacup broke into pieces on the ground. 
Nora’s expression instantly turned cold.
Sheena pointed at her and shouted, “What kind of medicine of unknown origin did you give your grandma?! After she applied it, the area around her eyes started to sting! She’s not young anymore. Are you trying to kill her?! 
“There’s a ton of things I’ve yet to settle, yet you’re creating more trouble for us. Why is there so much trouble the moment you’re back? You’re a jinx just like your mother!” 
Melissa, who was supporting an unsteady Mrs. Anderson on the corridor on the second floor, interrupted her. “Sheena! Mom told you to stop.” 
However, Sheena replied, “Mom, you have to pay the price if you make a mistake! If we don’t discipline her well, what if she ends up behaving immorally like Sis?” 
Mrs. Anderson, who was leaning on the railing for support, looked furious when she heard her. A moment later, she shouted angrily, “Get out!” 
Sheena looked at Nora. “Did you hear that? She’s telling you to get out!” 
The next moment, however…
###Chapter 56: Seven Days Later!
Mrs. Anderson took a deep breath. With a blank and empty look in her eyes, she looked in the direction where Sheena was and said, “I’m telling you to get out instead!” 
Sheena was stunned. A moment later, her eyes widened and she turned to Mrs. Anderson and exclaimed, “What did you just say? Mom!” 
The old lady clutched her chest and said, “You have no respect for your sister, nor are you kind or loving to the children. You’re not welcome here!” 
“Sis again! It’s always about her!” A furious Sheena said, “Ever since we were children, you’ve always been partial to her! But Sis is already gone! All these years, I’m the one providing for you instead!” 
Mrs. Anderson clutched the white cane tightly. Her lips trembled as she said, “No matter what, Nora was just trying to help!” 
Sheena sneered, “Mom, do you really believe a stray child like her can cure your eyes? We’ve approached so many doctors over the years, but none of them could do anything. Why would she be able to? Do you really trust her that much?” 
Mrs. Anderson was lost for words. 
To be honest, she didn’t really believe it, either. However, Nora meant well, so she didn’t have the heart to refuse her. 
Seeing that she didn’t reply, Sheena continued and said, “You can’t see, so you have no idea how red and swollen your eyes are! How is that supposed to be a medical treatment? She’s obviously torturing you instead!” 
Mrs. Anderson’s eyes were completely red and the area around her eyes was swollen as though she was having an allergic reaction.
However, this was actually a sign that the ointment was working. 
She hadn’t been using her eyes for too long, so all the muscles there had already loosened and sagged. Without a more potent ointment, how would she be able to recover quickly? 
Nora was about to explain when Mrs. Anderson said, “You don’t have to say any more. I’m willing to let Nora give it a go. She said that my eyes will recover and I’ll be able to see again in seven days. If I don’t try it out, how would I know whether she can really do it or not?” 
“You—” Sheena was so angry that her eyes were all red. “That’s how much trust you had in Sis back then, too. She said she would be gone for a week, but in the end, she never came back! And now, you’re also putting your trust in her daughter? You’re so stubborn!” 
She picked up her bag and walked straight to the door. When she passed by Nora, she looked at her repugnantly and said, “So, seven days, right? Okay, I’ll come back in seven days, then. If your grandma’s condition doesn’t improve even after so much torture from you, I’m throwing you out of the house even if she kills me!” 
“Aunt Sheena.” 
When Sheena was about to step out, she suddenly heard a woman’s cool voice calling out to her and she stopped and looked back. The look in Nora’s eyes was a little cold. The expressionless woman said in a low voice, “If I successfully cure Grandma’s eyes, I hope you will apologize to my mother.” 
The way she spoke as she stood there put Sheena in a bit of a trance. She felt as if she had time- traveled and returned to a time over twenty years ago. That familiar and resolute figure… 
Sheena reined in her thoughts and sneered, “Since you’ve inherited your mother’s gift of the gab, I hope you’ve also inherited her talent in medicine… Otherwise, don’t hold it against me if I show you no mercy!” 
After saying that, she turned and left.
After she left, Mrs. Anderson sighed and said, “Don’t hold it against her, Nora. She respected your mom the most back then, and this remains true even now… Sigh!” 
Mrs. Anderson went back to her room as she spoke. 
Melissa walked over and asked softly, “… Is it really okay for the area around her eyes to be so red?” 
Nora patiently explained, “Yes, it’s normal. It’ll worsen during the next few days but will gradually fade after seven days. To be honest, it actually doesn’t hurt.” 
Melissa was relieved to hear that. 
Nora then yawned and entered her room. 
After that, Melissa went downstairs, where she saw the nanny returning with Cherry. When she thought of how Cherry had made Sheena eat her own words the other day when she mocked her for being unlearned, she smiled and beckoned to her. 
Cherry obediently ran over. “What’s wrong, Grand-aunt Melissa?” 
“Cherry, can you say something in Arabic to me again?” 
Cherry had a huge question mark above her head. She replied, “But Grand-aunt Melissa, I only speak English. I don’t know any Arabic!” 
Melissa was taken aback. Was Cherry just acting that day? 
She asked hesitantly, “What about your Mathematical Olympiad studies, calligraphy competitions, art competitions, and so on?”
A puzzled Cherry tilted her head and asked, “I’ve never even attended any kind of interest classes, so why would I participate in competitions?” 
Melissa: “!!” 
Seeing her hesitation, Cherry patted her little chest and said, “I’m not completely useless though, Grand- aunt Melissa! I know a lot of historical facts!” 
Melissa looked a little better. She asked, “What kind of facts does our little Cherry know?” 
“I know a lot!”, Cherry triumphantly said. 
“Who discovered America? Michael Fassbender!” 
“…” 
“Who invented the airplane? Tom Hanks and Colin Hanks!” 
“…” 
Half an hour later, Cherry waved and said, “Don’t get too excited, Grand-aunt Melissa. I also know I’m super awesome, yeah! Take your time to calm down. I’ll go play some games first!” 
It was only after she skipped her way upstairs that Melissa finally reacted! 
The corners of her lips spasmed as she glanced upstairs. 
In the end, she could only heave a huge sigh! 
It was all Sheena’s fault for saying such mean things the other day anyway. Moreover, she even showed off her daughter’s achievements, so Nora and Cherry weren’t really to blame for lying to get themselves out of a pickle. It was just that their boasting was a little too exaggerated…
Also, if what they said about Cherry’s education was a lie, then was Nora’s claim about being able to cure Mrs. Anderson’s eyes just now also a lie? 
Suddenly, she wasn’t so sure anymore. 
Upstairs. 
Nora took a nap after she laid down on the bed. When she woke up at night and played with Cherry, she suddenly missed her son very much. 
He didn’t respond even when she sent him a text message. 
Nora became a little worried, so she decided to send Justin a text message: “Mr. Hunt, are you asleep?” 
Justin had just come out of the shower. When he saw the message, his lips corner curled upward and he quickly replied: “No.” 
“Oh. Is your son asleep?” 
Justin glanced at Pete’s tightly shut bedroom door and replied: “Yes, he is.” 
He supposed that she thought they would only be able to chat after his son had gone to bed. Otherwise, he would have to take care of his son, right? That woman was surprisingly rather considerate. 
Sure enough, after he sent the message, his cell phone beeped again. 
He opened the message with one hand while toweling his hair with the other. Right away, his expression froze—the cell phone screen reflected only a single icy-cold word: “Oh.” 
And then? 
Shouldn’t they be looking for a conversation topic and continuing the chat instead?
Was she… being shy? 
Justin coughed and sent a cold reply: “Something up?” 
Three minutes passed. He didn’t receive any reply. 
Another five minutes later, he still didn’t receive any reply. 
Justin thought that perhaps his cell phone was broken, so he sent a message to Lawrence: “Lawrence?” 
Lawrence, who was far away in some remote corner of the earth, replied: “Yes, boss? Are you allowing me to return?” 
Justin replied: “No.” 
“…” 
At the Andersons, Nora had already muted her cell phone and tossed it aside after she learned that her son was asleep. With Cherry in her arms, she fell asleep happily, completely unaware that a certain someone was tossing and turning in bed with a million thoughts running through his mind that night. 
Seven days later. 
Sheena came to the Andersons early in the morning. When the nanny told her that Nora was still asleep, she sneered, “Let her sleep, then. After all, she’s going to be thrown out of the house once she wakes up!” 
“Who do you think you’re throwing out of the house?!”
###Chapter 57: Eating Her Words!
A contemptuous voice suddenly reached Sheena, causing her to frown. 
She turned to see a tall and slim figure walking down the stairs. Dressed in a casual outfit, the teen was very handsome and looked about 21 or 22 years old. Upon closer inspection, one would realize that he bore a slight resemblance to Sheril Anderson. He was her twin younger brother, Logan Anderson. 
Logan sported a neat and short hairstyle, and there was a characteristically wild and intractable look to him. He blew a bubble as he chewed on gum. 
Sheena frowned. “No one in particular. Where are you going?” 
Logan curled his lip; he didn’t like this aunt of his very much. He scoffed and replied, “Tsk. She’s not from around these parts, so she’s easy to bully, but do you think you can meddle in even my affairs too?” 
He left the villa after saying that. 
His attitude maddened Sheena so badly that she pointed at him and reprimanded Simon. “Look at how much you’ve spoiled that boy! Instead of doing honest work, he’s running wild outside with other people all day!” 
Logan was a college student, but he skipped classes, had failing grades, misbehaved, and hung out with a bunch of rich second-generation heirs. 
Simon also found his son a headache, but now wasn’t the time to talk about him. 
He had only just frowned when he noticed Melissa on the second floor giving him a look. 
Simon paused, went upstairs, and entered the bedroom with Melissa.
A troubled Melissa said, “I just had a look at Mom. She hasn’t woken up yet, but the redness and swelling around her eyes are still there. Also, she still couldn’t see anything last night… What do we do now?” 
She sighed and went on. “Honestly, what’s wrong with Sheena? Why must she get so angry with a child? Keep an eye on her. If she goes too far with her words, you must shut her up.” 
Simon gave her a wry smile. “Sheena is so stubborn. She’ll never listen to me.” 
Melissa frowned. “What should we do then? Are you really going to just watch her drive Nora away?” 
A cold look immediately came over Simon’s countenance. “Of course not! I’m her uncle. I have the final say in this house! Although Nora got ahead of her with her bragging this time, if it weren’t because Sheena was being so overbearing… 
“I’m going to protect Nora even if it means I’ll displease Sheena! I won’t allow Sis’ flesh and blood to become stranded in the streets!” 
It was exactly his sense of duty and responsibility that Melissa admired when she had married him back then. She said, “Okay! I’ll back you up!” 
After the two had finished speaking, one of them went downstairs while the other continued to watch over Mrs. Anderson. 
By the time Nora woke up, it was almost noon. After a good stretch, she got up and picked up her cell phone. When she saw the text message from her son, a happy smile formed on her face. 
Pete went to the Quinn School of Martial Arts for martial arts practice every Tuesday and Saturday, and studied under a home tutor at the Hunts the rest of the days. It was Sunday that day, so it was his rest day.
At this point, she received a call from Solo. When she answered, the other party said weakly, “We’ve been investigating for a week, but even so, we still haven’t found any traces indicating that Justin was in California five years ago. Apart from himself, I think there’s probably no one else who really knows how his son came about.” 
During the past week, Nora had either been cooping up in the villa or investigating this matter. 
For the sake of her son’s fate, she had to find out why Justin hated her so much. 
However, neither of them had found anything. Nora sounded a little hoarse as she replied, “I see.” 
“Do you want to investigate further?” Solo asked. 
“Yeah.” 
“How are you going to do that?” 
Nora got up, went to the bathroom, and picked up the toothbrush. She looked at herself in the mirror— she was as pale as a sheet. She bared her teeth and said cockily and presumptuously, “I suppose I’ll just straight-up ask him.” 
“…” 
After hanging up, she washed up and went out. 
Melissa was playing with Cherry in the small living room on the second floor. Upon hearing the door opening, Cherry ran over and hugged Nora’s leg. “Mommy! Great-Grandma is still asleep.” 
Nora was about to go over and take a look when someone suddenly rushed in front of her. Their outstretched finger nearly poked the tip of her nose. “Nora! Just what did you give my mother?! Why isn’t
she awake yet?!” 
Sheena’s eyeliner was drawn very thick and dramatic, making her eyes look awfully fierce. The way she was speaking so harshly made her look as if she was about to eat Nora alive. 
Nora frowned and stared at her outstretched finger. 
Melissa walked over and stood in front of Nora, blocking her from Sheena. “What are you doing? Calm down and talk this through nicely, Sheena.” 
An angry Sheena snapped, “Talk this through nicely? No wonder it’s said that there’s ultimately still a wall between mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law. Are you unconcerned because she isn’t your mother?” 
Melissa’s expression instantly changed. 
Simon said sharply, “That’s enough, Sheena!” 
Sheena stared hard at him and yelled, “Mom’s lying in there comatose! Aren’t you concerned?! Or do you find her a bother after taking care of her all these years?!” 
“…” 
Simon and Melissa were so angry that they couldn’t even speak for a while. At this moment, a cool and clear voice reached them: “Who says Grandma’s comatose?” 
Nora looked at Sheena and scoffed, “Grandma’s just asleep. Just wake her up and everything will be fine. What are you making such a huge fuss about?” 
After saying that, she took the lead and walked over to Mrs. Anderson’s bedroom. 
The others looked at one another and followed after her.
Mrs. Anderson was blind and had limited mobility. Thus, in order to make it convenient for others to take care of her, she didn’t lock her bedroom door. This way, everyone could freely enter and leave. 
Mrs. Anderson was lying on the bed at the moment. Her complexion was ruddy, and even the redness and swelling around her eyes seemed to have subsided a little. 
Nora called out softly, “Grandma?” 
Mrs. Anderson’s lips moved a little. Then, she slowly opened her eyes. Her eyelids were swollen, so there were only two small slits where her eyes would be. 
Melissa hurriedly stepped forward and helped her sit up on the bed. “Mom, how do you feel?” 
Mrs. Anderson looked at her blankly. Her reaction badly frightened Melissa. Just as she was wondering whether she should send her to the hospital, she suddenly heard Mrs. Anderson say, “Melissa, you’ve aged…” 
Melissa was taken aback. 
Mrs. Anderson smiled and said, “Well, it’s been more than twenty years after all. There’s no way you won’t age.” 
At this point, Melissa finally reacted. She exclaimed in surprise, “Mom, you can see me?” 
Mrs. Anderson nodded. Then, she looked at the others. When her gaze swept across Sheena and Simon, she said, “All of you have aged… And you, Sheena. It’s been so many years, yet that foul temper of yours still hasn’t changed!” 
It was only at the very end that her gaze reached Nora. 
The young woman stood there with an aloof look on her face as if she didn’t fit in with the family at all.
She had exquisite facial features. Her almond-shaped eyes should have made her look gentle, yet on her, there was an additional sense of arrogance and wildness to them. 
She bore an 80% resemblance to her own daughter back then. 
Mrs. Anderson’s eyes instantly reddened. She reached out to her as she said, “Nora…” 
Although Melissa was also very protective of her, the concern from a blood relative gave Nora an indescribable ache and soreness in her heart. 
It was as if she was no longer alone. 
Next to her, Simon’s eyes also reddened. He said agitatedly, “It’s been over twenty years, but we’ve never managed to cure your eyes all this time! To think you can actually see now… Nora, what exactly were those pills you gave Mom?”
###Chapter 58: Justin, Actually, You Can Also Have A Daughter!
The Carefree Pill. 
Nora said silently in her mind. However, when she thought of how her mother had instructed her to stay low-key and avoid being too showy, she casually said, “I bought them at Guardian Pharmacy. They said it invigorates and refreshes the mind. I didn’t ask the specifics.” 
In other words, she had bought them without much thought. 
Sheena said sharply, “That’s some sheer dumb luck, huh! Didn’t I say? You’re so young; even if you do know a bit of medicine, it’s not going to be this grea—” 
Melissa couldn’t stand listening to her anymore. She interjected and said, “Sheena, no matter what the case is, we still ought to thank Nora!” 
Sheena said mockingly, “Thank her? Do you need me to get down on my knees and kowtow to her, or set off some fireworks to celebrate, then?” 
She was obviously being sarcastic, but the corners of Nora’s lips quirked upward and she replied seriously, “No, you don’t have to.” 
Her voice was low and husky, which lent it a sense of calmness and steadiness. She said, “You should apologize to my mother now.” 
Sheena immediately felt her cheeks burning. 
She clenched her fists and straightened her back. She avoided Nora’s gaze and said, “Why should I? Mom only became blind because she was so angry at your mother for running away from home! Isn’t it
only right for you to cure her? Also, we’re in this state because your mother just up and left back then! She’s the sinner of the family! Why should I apologize to her?!” 
Simon sighed. Then, he ordered harshly, “Shut up, Sheena!” 
Sheena felt that she must have misheard him. Shocked, she looked at him and asked, “Simon, are you actually yelling at me because of a stray like her?!” 
Simon replied, “She’s no stray; she’s Sis’ daughter and my niece! She’s an Anderson! Apologize to Sis now!” 
“You—” Sheena shouted angrily, “Are you determined to go against me? Fine, you don’t need me to help you manage Harmonia Pharmacy anymore, do you?” 
“…” 
Simon was stunned. 
Sheena had always been the one in charge of Harmonia Pharmacy’s manufacturing department during all these years. It was indeed also because of her that the business hadn’t gone bust yet. 
But what she just said… Was she threatening him? 
At the sight of Simon’s silence, Sheena immediately knew that her threat had been effective. She straightened her back and sneered, “You have to suffer the consequences if you make a mistake! Sis made a mistake by eloping back then, which caused our reputation to plummet! So, why should I apologize to her? Does she have the cheek to accept my apology?” 
Smack! 
Sheena, who was close to the bed, was stunned when Mrs. Anderson’s slap landed on her cheek, and she looked at her in disbelief.
Mrs. Anderson, who was trembling all over, shouted angrily, “Your elder sister must have had her reasons! I forbid you to say that about her!” 
Sheena took a step back. With a wry smile, she held her hand to her cheek and said, “You can shut me up, but can you shut up those people outside? Her mother was a woman of loose morals who eloped with another man, and it held back Ian Smith for life! This is the biggest scandal among the wealthy families in all of New York in the past two decades!” 
Simon said sternly, “Sis had her reasons!” 
“What reasons did she have?!” 
Sheena yelled hysterically, “We even found love letters in her room! She eloped! When will all of you stop lying to yourselves?!” 
She turned to Mrs. Anderson and Simon and said, “I’ll say one last thing—it’s either her or me in this family. Pick one!” 
“…” 
The room fell silent. 
A silent Nora turned and said, “I’ll leave.” 
However, a large warm hand held her shoulder before she reached the door, and Simon’s slightly tired voice reached her: “Nora, where are you going? This is your home.” 
He didn’t dare to look at Sheena when he spoke, but his decision was already obvious. 
Sheena looked at Mrs. Anderson and then at Melissa—both of them turned away.
Toward the end, she looked at Simon and said, “Fine! Okay! The Andersons and the Myerses are fighting it out now, but you’re actually driving me away at a critical moment like this because of that no- good girl? 
“Fine! I’ll leave!” 
Sheena turned and started to walk out, but found that no one was stopping her. When she reached the door, she stopped. A moment later, with her eyes red, she sneered, “You’re all partial toward Sis, and have forgotten that I’m the one who has led Harmonia Pharmacy over the past twenty years to where it currently is! 
“In that case, don’t blame me for hardening my heart! Simon, I’ll wait for Harmonia Pharmacy to be completely crushed by the Myerses! I’ll wait for the day it closes down!” 
After saying that, she turned and strode off. 
Melissa frowned. “Has Sheena lost her mind? How can she bring herself to say such a thing after just a few heated words? She’s almost 50, yet she’s still so impulsive!” 
Then, she looked at Simon worriedly. “We’re at a critical point of the Andersons and the Myerses’ fight for market share now. What do we do if Sheena really goes on strike?” 
A troubled Simon rubbed his temples. “We’ll just do whatever we can and take it one step at a time!” 
Seeing how worried they both looked, Nora asked, “Uncle Simon, Aunt Melissa. Is there anything I can help with?” 
Simon sighed and replied, “No, it’s fine, Nora. You can just stay home with Cherry.” 
What the Andersons needed the most at the moment wasn’t a contest of skill in commerce but an actual bona fide formula for a pill!
Thanks to Nora’s mother’s Carefree Pill, the Myerses had leaped to stardom among the wealthy circles in New York. If she, as well as the formula, were still around… The ones stealing the show would have been them now. 
Sigh! 
A troubled Simon and Melissa left the house after deciding that they would head to Harmonia Pharmacy to think of a solution. 
As for Nora, she gave her grandmother a detailed explanation on how to use the ointment next. Then, she spent some time accompanying her while she adjusted to life with a sense of sight again. After she went on the right track, Nora went downstairs. 
During brunch, Sheril suddenly rushed into the villa. 
Her eyes were shining. At the sight of Nora, she flew straight up to her and exclaimed, “Nora! Is this pill the Carefree Pill?!” 
“…” 
At the same time. 
The Hunt Corporation’s office building towered into the sky in the center of New York. 
On the top floor, Justin was currently in the midst of work. 
An extremely troubled Chester paced about in the hallway with a million thoughts in his mind. 
His little nephew had said that once the Smith woman cures Grandma, he would tell Justin the truth! 
But why did he feel like Justin was still unaware of the fact that he had a daughter?
He mustn’t hide it from his brother anymore. 
During this recent period of time, he had been terribly troubled every day over how he should tell Justin the truth, leading to him having trouble eating and sleeping. He wasn’t even having fun killing mobs in the game anymore! 
His little nephew wanted the two of them to form a family. 
But in his opinion, this was simply impossible! 
Justin hated Pete’s mother so much. Wouldn’t it be too much of him if he hid the truth from him? 
Justin was his elder brother! 
After doing enough ideological construction and also coming to terms with the possibility that there might not be anyone carrying him in the game anymore in the future, Chester took a deep breath and pushed open the office door. 
Justin was in the midst of reviewing documents. His brows were drawn together coldly, and even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to exude a serious aura. 
He looked up when he heard the door open. 
Upon making eye contact, Chester immediately said, “Justin, actually, you can also have a daughter!”
###Chapter 59: Go To Nora And You’ll Have Both A Son And A Daughter
“…” 
The office was quiet. 
Sean, the executive assistant, gave his glasses a push. Then, he walked over and closed the door, cutting off the gossipy gazes of those in the secretary’s office outside but also arousing everyone’s intense curiosity. 
Chester weakly tried to tempt him. “Think about it, Justin. A soft, tender, and adorable daughter—don’t you want one?” 
The way he described it caused the sight of Pete playing with Barbies to flash across Justin’s mind. A sharp glint instantly flashed in his eyes and with a warning tone, he asked, “What are you thinking of doing?” 
Was he thinking of having Pete undergo some kind of outraging operation? 
Chester was so scared that he cowered and stammered, “J-J-Justin, really! You can also have a daughter! I-if you go to Nora, you’ll be able to have both a son and a daughter!” 
Justin, “?” 
His first reaction was to breathe a sigh of relief. Fortunately, he hadn’t brought up Pete… 
But immediately after, he realized what he meant… But going to Nora… And having a daughter… 
If he got into a relationship with that woman, her daughter would indeed have to call him Daddy. Wouldn’t he have a daughter, then?
He frowned and subconsciously barked, “Don’t be ridiculous!” 
How could he possibly help someone else raise their kid?! 
A wave of irritation suddenly surged up in him, causing him to become infuriated at the sight of Chester’s cowering appearance. He immediately pointed to the door. “Get out.” 
Chester wanted to say more, but as soon as he said his name, Justin barked angrily, “Get out!” 
“…” 
A terrified Chester rushed out of his office. His legs were even shaking as he wiped the non-existent perspiration on his forehead. 
However, his eyes were bright and shiny. 
He had already told Justin the truth. He was the one who didn’t believe him, so he couldn’t blame him when he found out in the future… Right? 
Time to hurry home, look for his little niece, and have her carry him in the game! 
He left without any psychological burden. However, the low pressure in the office didn’t ease. 
Justin’s eyes were downcast, but he suddenly couldn’t process the words on the documents anymore. 
It wasn’t really a big deal to raise someone else’s daughter. At the most, he could just have a nanny raise her instead. However, he had always been a cold and unfeeling man and found relationships highly troublesome. 
Cultivating feelings with that woman was already troublesome enough. If one added an additional daughter to it…
Wait a minute, when had he agreed to cultivate feelings with that woman? 
Justin’s eyes—which had always been cool, rational, restrained, and wise—appeared to be at a loss at this moment. A short while later, he let out a short scoff of laughter. He felt as if he was being unreasonably worried. 
What did whether or not that woman had a child, and whether or not she had made mistakes in her youth have anything to do with him? 
All he had done was having her treat someone’s illness and owe her a favor, that was all. 
He would just find an opportunity to return the favor and that would be it. 
At the Andersons. 
Sheril’s eyes were shining beneath her double eyelids. “Nora, where did you get the formula?” 
Nora was about to make up something when Sheril asked excitedly, “Did my aunt leave it for you?” 
“…” 
Seeing that she had already found a good excuse for her, Nora nodded. 
Sheril immediately became so excited that she grabbed her hand. “The Myerses released the Cooling Tablets, which are even more effective than our Vitality Water, this year. In addition, they also produced a Carefree Pill and saved the elderly Mrs. Hunt. This has already become a legend in the industry! 
“Harmonia Pharmacy’s footfall has seen a visible decrease recently. Most of the drugstores and hospitals that we worked with have also returned the goods and replaced them with the Myerses’. 
“If your mother really left behind the Carefree Pill formula, then there’s hope for the Andersons!” 
Nora raised an eyebrow. 
So that was what the Andersons were currently going through. 
She cast her eyes down and said, “Wait a moment.” 
She went upstairs, found a piece of paper in the room, and wrote down on it the Carefree Pill’s formula and things to take note of during the manufacturing process. After that, she went back down and handed it to her. “This is the formula.” 
Sheril got up hurriedly. She looked somewhat grave as she said, “Y-you’re giving me the formula just like that, Nora?” 
As a medical practitioner, Sheril knew just how important a formula is. 
However, Nora replied casually, “Yeah.” 
Seeing how trusting she was of her, Sheril gritted her teeth and took the formula from her. She said, “I’ll give it a go, then. Nora, this pill is very difficult to make. My aunt tried so hard to make them last time, but only succeeded in making five in the end. Don’t tell Dad and Mom about this for now, lest it gives them hope and then disappoints them again.” 
“…” 
She had already improved the formula, so there definitely wouldn’t be any problem. 
But seeing her so nervous, Nora nodded. 
The anxious Sheril ran out again. She must hurry and get the pills manufactured! This way, her parents wouldn’t have to go around begging for help to improve sales anymore!
The next day, when Nora woke up and went downstairs for breakfast, she found Simon and Melissa sitting on the sofa with awful looks on their faces. 
A healthcare conference was being held today, and all relevant personnel in the industry would be attending. 
They had previously agreed to have Sheena and Simon attend together. She was to be in charge of technology while Simon was to be in charge of sales. He had called Sheena and said a lot to placate her, but the other party had sneered, “Didn’t the Andersons not need me anymore? Since all of you like Nora so much, you can have her go with you instead!” 
No matter what happened internally, a family must always unite when facing external foes. In spite of that, she was being so stubborn. 
Melissa had always been even-tempered, but even she was rather incensed. “If she doesn’t want to go, then so be it! I’ll go with you instead!” 
Simon nodded. 
After the two finished speaking, they saw Nora come downstairs. 
Melissa took the opportunity to say, “Let’s go together, Nora! Today’s conference will also benefit you in many ways.” 
Nora thought for a moment before she said, “Okay.” 
The conference was held in Hotel Finest’s conference hall. While they called it a conference, it was actually more like a small banquet. People could discuss and seal a lot of business deals here. 
However, the three of them were stopped by the service staff at the door. “Sorry, the QR code for your invitation is wrong, so you can’t enter.”
Simon frowned. “But this is what they sent us!” 
The service staff replied, “This year’s conference is held by the Myerses. They said that this is a high- end medical conference, so they aren’t inviting doctors with little or bad reputations anymore and reissued the invitations. You’re not allowed to enter now.” 
Simon was furious. He clenched his fists with an infuriated look on his face. 
The Myerses were obviously making things difficult for them! 
But if they didn’t go in today, they would be expelled from the medical industry! 
At the sight of him keeping quiet, disdain welled up in the service staff. 
Nobody doctors trying to worm their way in to get acquainted with the guests in high-end conferences like this were a common sight. He had seen a lot of them before. 
Thinking that the three in front of him were also people like that, he said loudly, “If you don’t have an invitation, please stand aside and avoid blocking the guests behind.” 
His words attracted the attention of everyone around them. 
The circle was only so big; everyone knew everyone very well. Simon immediately felt his cheeks burn, and he felt terribly embarrassed. 
He was about to say something when a voice interrupted him: “Wait a minute.”
###Chapter 60: My Daughter Looks Like Her Father
Justin had a lunch meeting here at noon. 
On the second floor of Hotel Finest, the conference hall was on the left and the restaurant on the right. 
As soon as he walked out of the elevator, he heard the commotion at the entrance of the conference hall. He originally wasn’t paying much attention to it, but when he glanced over, he spotted a familiar figure. 
His footsteps paused for a moment. When he heard the service staff chasing them away impatiently, he frowned and said to Sean, “Let’s go over and take a look.” 
No matter what, the Andersons were, after all, acquaintances with the Hunts. The previous generation of the two families had been closely acquainted with one another; how could he allow others to bully and humiliate them? 
Sean nodded. “Yes, sir.” 
But when he was about to walk over, he heard that deep and clear voice going “Wait a minute.” 
Nora picked up her cell phone. Her fair and slender fingers tapped a couple of times on it and she opened her email inbox. Sure enough, there were a few invitations lying within. 
As the most prestigious surgeon around, organizers of various conferences held in different countries would send her token invitations. 
Sure enough, the organizers of a formal conference like this one had also sent her one. 
However, she needed a bit of time to find the invitation from her junk mail… 
At this time, someone beside her spoke. “Miss Smith?”
Taken aback, Nora lifted her head and looked over—it was a woman that looked about 30 years old. Her curly hair rested on her shoulders and she was wearing formal business attire. 
She frowned. After a moment’s hesitation, she asked, “You are?” 
A displeased Tina York frowned. They had obviously met in the hospital before, but she was actually pretending not to know her… 
However, she had been wondering why Justin had brought a young doctor over that time. After much ado, it turned out that she was actually from the Andersons. 
The Andersons were gradually falling into decline day by day. They were solely relying on formulas from twenty years ago and selling medicines based on them. They must have been at the end of their tether and told that nobody doctor to operate on Mrs. Hunt as a last-ditch attempt, right? 
Unfortunately, all that credit had gone to her instead! 
At the thought of that, her displeasure quickly dissipated. She smiled and seemingly said as a kind reminder, “Everyone’s a distinguished individual here. Since the Andersons haven’t received an invitation, if you make a fuss here, it won’t reflect well on you, either…” 
A single line from her made everyone queuing behind start speculating in low voices: 
“My goodness, I thought the Andersons just forgot their invitation, but the truth is they actually didn’t receive one?” 
“The Myerses’ market share has expanded. There’s basically no one buying the Andersons’ drugs now. Sigh! To think they’ve been reduced to the point where they can’t even get an invitation anymore!” 
“They can’t blame anyone else for that. What can anyone do if they don’t improve themselves? I heard the drugstores and hospitals working with them have returned their goods recently and switched to the
Myerses’.” 
“…If I were them, I’d have quickly sneaked off with my tail between my legs by now. What are they still doing here?” 
The speculations made Simon’s expression change again and again, and he felt as if he had never been any more embarrassed. 
After Tina kept quiet for a while, she sighed and said, “Everyone’s here for a good time today. If you simply have to go in… Uncle Simon, if you promise you won’t disturb the others, I’ll bring you in!” 
“Won’t disturb the others”… The way she put it, it was as if they weren’t fit to be seen in public! 
Simon felt as if someone had given him two tight slaps. Just as he became so infuriated that he turned to leave, a cool voice said, “No, it’s fine.” 
Nora stared at Tina coldly and said, “The Andersons receive a lot of invitations, so I took a while to find it and ended up causing a short delay. Sorry about that, Uncle Simon and Aunt Melissa.” 
She raised her cell phone and presented the QR code to the service staff. “Can we go in now?” 
“… This way, please!” 
Only then did the three of them from the Andersons finally enter the banquet hall. 
At the door, Tina was stunned. She clearly remembered that her teacher hadn’t sent an invitation to the Andersons. Had she remembered wrongly? 
Nearby.
Sean, who had taken a couple of steps toward the Andersons with the intention of helping them out of the embarrassing situation, was taken aback. Then, he looked back at Justin. “They don’t seem to need any help anymore.” 
Justin, “…” 
It had momentarily slipped his mind that that woman was Anti, so how could she possibly not have an invitation? 
However, her line of “The Andersons receive a lot of invitations” sure was interesting. 
Justin suddenly turned and started walking toward the conference hall. The usually reticent man said, “I’m just going over to see if there’s a chance for me to return the favor I owe.” 
Sean, who was following closely behind him silently, was rendered speechless. 
Boss, you don’t need to explain anything! An explanation is no different from a cover-up! 
As a professional secretary, however, Sean quickly reported on the Andersons’ affairs. “… The Andersons can’t sell their drugs at all. If this continues, I’m afraid they’ll go bust soon.” 
Although Justin didn’t reply, he nevertheless looked rather thoughtful when he heard the report. 
All the Hotel Finest service staff knew their boss, so Justin entered the conference hall straightaway. The place’s layout was arranged like a small banquet. Most of the male guests were in suits and formal shoes while the women wore formal dresses. 
Only that woman was dressed in a white T-shirt and a pair of jeans, yet she was still eye-catching among the crowd. 
Justin narrowed his eyes slightly and walked over. As soon as he approached, he heard Melissa ask, “Nora, where did you get the invitation?”
The young woman replied casually, “Oh, I was helping with the treatment of Mrs. Hunt’s illness before, right? Although I wasn’t of much help, Mr. Hunt was still pretty nice.” 
Sure enough, Melissa misunderstood her words. “Oh, so Mr. Hunt gave it to you! He must have also wanted you to come over and broaden your horizons.” 
Justin, “…” 
That woman really was using him as a scapegoat for everything, wasn’t she?! 
A mischievous smile suddenly formed on his lips and he said in a low voice, “Uncle Simon, Aunt Melissa.” 
The three walking in front immediately stopped and turned around. Upon seeing him, Melissa immediately said gratefully, “Thank you for giving Nora an invitation, Justin. Otherwise, we really wouldn’t have been able to enter today.” 
Justin glanced over and saw the discomfited girl touching her nose awkwardly. But after that, she looked down quietly and calmed down. Those docile cat-like eyes of hers were raised slightly, and she had a seemingly amused look on her face as if she wasn’t the one lying just now. 
Her mental resilience was first-class. 
In an equally seemingly amused manner, Justin replied, “You’re welcome.” 
Simon’s purpose in attending the banquet was to sell his company’s drugs. When he spotted a regular customer who wanted to return their goods in front, he hurriedly said, “Justin, you guys go ahead and have a chat first. I’ll be back in a jiffy.” 
He started walking over after saying that.
A look of worry came over Melissa’s countenance. 
Justin observed Nora out of the corner of his eye. 
She had almond-shaped eyes and a small but high-bridged nose. Her lips were rosy and plump, and looked very attractive. 
For some reason, he suddenly thought of what Chester had said the day before: “You can have a daughter if you go to Nora.” 
A daughter… 
He suddenly asked, “Miss Smith, what does your daughter look like? Does she resemble you?” 
Nora glanced at him. 
Cherry actually didn’t look like her. Seriously speaking, she instead bore a 70% resemblance to the man in front of her. Thus, she answered, “No, she resembles her father instead.” 
“Oh?” Justin suddenly became interested. “Do you have any photos?” 
Nora glanced at him and replied, “Yes.”
###Chapter 61: Investigate Her Daughter!
Justin looked at her, only to see that the young woman, after answering him, had no intention of picking up her cell phone and showing him a photo at all. 
“…” 
For some reason, he felt a little embarrassed. 
At the sight, Melissa, who was next to him, said, “Are you asking about Cherry? I have photos of her, too! I even took videos!” 
She picked up her cell phone after she spoke. Just as she was about to show a photo to Justin, Nora subtly stopped her and said, “Aunt Melissa, things don’t seem to be going well for Uncle Simon over there.” 
Sure enough, it successfully distracted Melissa. She turned to see that Simon and the other party were starting to argue in low voices. 
She smiled apologetically at Justin and quickly walked over. 
Justin, “…” 
He couldn’t help but feel that she had done it on purpose just so he wouldn’t be able to see the photos. 
Wasn’t it just her daughter? He had already shown her his son, so what was there for her to be so secretive about? 
A hint of a chilly look came over his countenance.
When he saw Nora also giving him a nod and walking over to Simon, he suddenly instructed Sean, “Look up her daughter; surely she isn’t that ugly that she shouldn’t be seen in public, right?” 
Since she refused to show him her daughter, then he would find out what she looked like, no matter what! 
Justin was obviously upset after he said that. Had it been any other time, he would already have turned and left. This time, however, he actually followed them over. 
Sean: “…” 
By the time Nora came over, Simon already had an awful look on his face. The other party was a man about 40 or 50 years old, and he spoke in a hurtful manner. 
“… Simon, it was only on account of the friendship between our families that I’ve been doing business with the Andersons out of kindness all these years. 
“Times are moving on; the drugs produced by the Andersons cannot compare to the Myerses’ now. Surely you can’t always rely on friendships when doing business?” 
Melissa clenched her fists. She turned to Nora and said with disgust, “He’s the Deputy Dean of the Traditional Medicine Hall. His last name is Lucas. All the formulas of Harmonia Pharmacy’s medicines have been improved by your mom, so they have always been very effective!” 
“They used to beg us to sell them our products, and the business dealings between the two of us have always had arm’s length transactions. How did it even become them ‘doing business with the Andersons out of kindness’?” 
Simon took a deep breath and said nicely, “I’m agreeable to your request to terminate our partnership because you’ve found another supplier. However, the batch of pills you custom-ordered have already
been fully manufactured. After signing the contract, surely you have to follow the contractual terms, right?” 
Deputy Dean Lucas replied with a smile, “Let’s do this instead—I know you’re in a bit of a pinch lately. We’ll buy the batch of pills at a 60% discount. How does that sound?” 
Simon’s grip on his champagne glass tightened intensely as he tried his best to suppress his anger. “A 60% discount? We’ve always given you a low price. You’re clearly kicking us when we’re down!” 
Deputy Dean Lucas patted Simon on the shoulder and said, “That’s exactly what I mean, Simon. If you’re agreeable to it, then we’ll help you out this one time and at least give you a bit of profit. However, what I’ve heard is that everyone else has returned their goods. Moreover, Harmonia Pharmacy has barely any clients and its reputation is already a goner now!” 
There was sarcasm hidden in his words. 
“You—!” Simon was outraged. 
The man adopted a casual attitude as if it didn’t matter either way. “In any case, do think it over properly. Will you keep the pills with you and let them expire, or sell them at me at a low price…” 
He had only just said that when a voice came from beside him. “A 60% discount is too high. How about a 20% discount instead?” 
As soon as the person said that, the few of them turned and saw Sheena. 
Her husband was a well-known internal medicine physician. 
At the sight of her, both Simon and Melissa’s eyes reddened slightly and they felt a warm feeling welling up in their hearts. Simon called out, “Sheena.”
Sheena ignored him. Instead, she smiled at Deputy Dean Lucas and said, “A 60% discount is too much of a loss for us! But if it’s a 20% discount, the loss is within an acceptable range.” 
Then, she leaned toward him and said, “When we close the deal, I’ll treat you to dinner, old friend!” 
A lewd look had appeared in Deputy Dean Lucas’s eyes when he saw Sheena. He took her hand and fondled the back of her hand. 
Sheena felt a wave of disgust, but she nevertheless tolerated it until Deputy Dean Lucas said, “You guys can forget about selling your medicines anymore. Mr. Myers has already put the word out that he won’t sell their medicines to anyone who buys from the Andersons. You must understand that he has a Carefree Pill in his possession; that’s something that can save someone’s life! Who would dare to go against him? I’m the only one who can still afford to buy your medicines at a 60% discount now.” 
Sheena tried to withdraw her hand, but Deputy Dean Lucas took hold of it again. He said, “Nana, how about we go to the balcony over there and have a chat?” 
Deputy Dean Lucas and Sheena were classmates in college and he had always been attracted to her. 
However, Sheena found him too ugly and had rejected him several times before. 
At this moment when she heard his suggestive words, she almost gagged. She said, “Let’s talk here instead.” 
Deputy Dean Lucas stroked her palm and said, “There are too many people here, so let’s go there instead. I can give you a 30% discount… Don’t make a scene; the Andersons are already down and out. If you embarrass yourselves again in a conference like this, then you really won’t be able to hold your head up high in the future anymore…” 
Sheena wanted to withdraw her hand, but Deputy Dean Lucas held it tightly and gave her a warning look.
Then, his hand started to stray toward Sheena’s butt… 
Sheena was extremely angry and embarrassed. 
When they were young, the Harmonia Pharmacy had been sought after by all. In school, so many outstanding young men had courted her, but she had ignored them all. 
But ever since her elder sister’s departure, the Andersons fell into decline and she’d had to keep an obsequious smile on even when she didn’t want to, in order to keep the business going. 
And now, even a mere Deputy Dean Lucas had the guts to paw her! 
This reminded her of the time back when she was still in junior high… 
A group of girls had been jealous of her because she was rich and good-looking. They had ganged up on her in the bathroom, but she didn’t dare to fight back. It was her elder sister who had suddenly rushed in, her small and skinny self with a broom in her hand, and started beating them indiscriminately. 
Afterward, with her chin raised, she had lectured her. “What’s there to be scared of? You can only deal with wicked people like them by being even more ruthless than they are!” 
… If Sis were still here, how could they possibly have ended up like this?! 
Sheena clenched her fist tightly. She was about to push Deputy Dean Lucas away when she suddenly sensed him freezing up. 
She turned to see that the young woman who bore a 70% resemblance to her sister was currently standing beside her coldly. Her delicate hand had pressed down on Deputy Dean Lucas’s wrist. She applied a little force, causing him to open his mouth, ready to shout.
Nora said coldly, “Don’t make a scene. If you embarrass yourself in a conference like this, you won’t be able to hold your head up high in the future anymore…” 
She threw his words right back at him. 
Deputy Dean Lucas let go of Sheena and took a step back in compromise. The pain made his forehead break out in cold sweat. He lowered his voice and snapped, “Can you let go of me now?!” 
Nora let go of him. 
Simon rushed over and stood in front of Sheena and Nora. “We’re not going through with this transaction anymore!” 
At the sight, Deputy Dean Lucas lowered his voice and barked angrily, “Fine! Okay! Since you don’t want to sell the pills to me, I’m gonna see who, apart from the Traditional Medicine Hall, dares to buy your medicines!” 
After he said that, a deep voice suddenly reached them: “Who says there’s no one who dares to buy them?”
###Chapter 62: It Really Is The Carefree Pill
Justin strode over with a cold look on his face. 
The conference was very noisy, and all the guests had gathered into their own respective little groups. Justin was low-key by nature, so no one had noticed him. 
Moreover, this was a medical conference. Most of the guests here wouldn’t be able to come into contact with people of his level, so they didn’t know who he was. 
However, this didn’t include Deputy Dean Lucas. 
Deputy Dean Lucas was stunned when he saw him. “M-Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin, however, ignored him. He merely turned to Simon and said indifferently, “Uncle Simon, Hospital Finest will procure all of our traditional medicines from the Andersons. For every type of pill that Harmonia Pharmacy sells, we’ll take 5,000 pills a month each.” 
All of them were dumbfounded. 
5,000 pills… of each type! 
Although it wasn’t a lot, it was enough to sustain Harmonia Pharmacy’s daily expenses! 
He was practically a lifesaver. 
Moreover, he had also chosen an appropriate quantity. Hospital Finest was definitely capable of finishing all 5,000 pills of every type of medicine, no matter what. Therefore, it wouldn’t give others the impression that Justin was taking pity on them, so his actions showed sufficient respect toward the Andersons. 
The way he handled the matter was both appropriate and meticulous.
Simon quickly recovered from his astonishment. He, Sheena, and Melissa looked at one another. 
They still needed to feed so many people in the Andersons. Additionally, Sheena and Sheril were also leading research and development efforts for new drugs in the pharmaceutical department, so the future still held endless possibilities for them. 
Simon didn’t put on a pretentious act and refuse his offer. Instead, he said gratefully, “I will definitely sell all our medicines to you at the lowest price possible! I also guarantee that they’ll absolutely be of the very best quality!” 
Justin nodded and instructed Sean, “Get the Legal Department to draw up a contract so that we can have it signed as soon as possible.” 
After speaking, he looked at Nora. 
She hadn’t asked for any consultation fees or operation fees for his grandmother’s operation back then. By helping them out a little and sending them some money, he would just take it that he was returning her the favor. 
However, Nora frowned, seemingly a little troubled. “5,000 pills of each type? Does this include new products?” 
New products? 
Simon and Sheena were a little confused. They didn’t have any new products, did they? 
Justin, however, quickly replied, “Yes, it does.” 
Nora glanced at him and asked casually, “Are you sure? The new product is a little expensive.” 
A little expensive? How expensive could it get?
Justin didn’t take her question seriously. He asked, “How much is it?” 
Nora replied softly and unhurriedly, “The cost price is $800 per pill.” 
Justin frowned. 
At $800 per pill, 5,000 pills would mean $4,000,000 a month! 
Even the total cost of 5,000 units of every type of pill from Harmonia Pharmacy would probably only add up to less than a million dollars a month. Was she asking for that much right off the bat? 
She was demanding quite the exorbitant price. 
Justin frowned, his expression even turning a little cold. Although he had only interacted with her no more than a few times, she didn’t seem like she was such an ungrateful person. 
Simon and Sheena, who had finally regained their senses, hurriedly said, “Don’t talk nonsense, Nora! We don’t have any new products!” 
Nora explained, “Sheril’s making it at the moment. It’ll be finished soon.” 
What was there for them to finish soon? It had been years since the factory’s Research & Development department launched any new product. 
However, in the presence of outsiders, Simon couldn’t quite reprimand Nora for babbling nonsense. As such, he could only give Justin a vague reply and say, “New products aren’t included.” 
But Justin instead stared at Nora and asked, “What do you think, Miss Smith?” 
Nora hesitated.
Carefree Pills were developed using very expensive medicinal herbs. The cost prices of the various precious medicinal herbs in the pills were high from the start. Excluding the materials and manufacturing costs, a single pill could already cost up to $500 or $600. 
A wholesale price of $800 was really very low. In fact, she had even been thinking of setting the retail price at $1,500 per pill. 
She was originally thinking that the Carefree Pills would even allow Harmonia Pharmacy to recoup its capital and make a name for itself, but if she had to set aside 5,000 pills for him every month… 
Ah, well. 
What could she do? He was Pete’s father. She would just share part of the profits with him, she supposed. 
At the thought, Nora sighed and said, “You can have them.” 
Justin, “?” 
She was obviously ripping him off, but why was she sounding as if she was reluctant to give him the pills?! 
Upset, he suddenly lost interest in staying any longer. Simon hurriedly said, “No, Justin, this won’t do… She’s still young, so she doesn’t know what she’s saying.” 
Sheena also grabbed Nora and lectured her in a low voice. “What kind of nonsense are you saying in front of Mr. Hunt?! He’s only helping us out because his father was friends with Sis. How can you raise the price like that? You’re so…”
The word ‘shameless’ did a U-turn on the tip of her tongue when she thought of how Nora had defended her just now, and she forced herself to swallow the word back down. 
While they were arguing, Justin instead said, “That settles it, then.” 
A gentleman should be true to his word. Since he had agreed to it, he mustn’t go back on his word. 
He would just treat the money as her consultation fee and take it that he was returning her the favor. 
From thereon, they didn’t owe each other anything anymore. 
As soon as he said that, a loud voice traveled over from a short distance away. “Mr. Myers, I heard that you still have another Carefree Pill. How much would you be willing to sell it for?” 
Nora turned and saw a handsome man with a pair of flirtatious eyes. He looked to be in his twenties and wore a gray suit, making him look tall and lean. 
He was talking to a white-haired old man. “I’m willing to pay $150,000 for the pill in order to treat my uncle’s illness!” 
For some reason, Nora actually found the man very affable. She asked, “Aunt Melissa, who’s that?” 
After a moment’s hesitation, Melissa answered, “That young man is Joel Smith, the current head of the Smiths. His uncle is Ian Smith…” 
Ian Smith? 
The man who never married for the rest of his life after Mom let him down? 
While she was musing over this, the old man, Jon Myers, said, “Mr. Smith, it’s not that I refuse to sell it, but there’s only one left. It’s our shop’s treasure!”
Joel Smith’s flirtatious eyes were upturned even when he wasn’t smiling, making people feel warm and comfortable in his presence. Yet at the same time, he also inspired awe despite his mild exterior. 
His assistant, who was standing next to him, reprimanded, “In that case, why did you give one to the Hunts? At the bottom of it all, is it because you think the Smiths cannot compare with the Hunts? Or do you think we, the Smiths, cannot afford it?” 
Jon wiped the beads of cold sweat from his forehead and said, “That’s not what I mean at all, Mr. Smith.” 
Joel didn’t want to be thought of as someone who coerced others into selling, either. Thus, he suggested mildly, “How about we go over there and discuss this further?” 
It was only after they left that Nora finally looked away. 
Melissa sighed emotionally. “To think a pill can sell for $150,000!” 
As soon as she said that, Deputy Dean Lucas, whose presence all of them had overlooked, suddenly said, “That’s the Carefree Pill they’re talking about; of course it’ll be expensive! What kind of new product are you launching to actually have the audacity to sell it at $800 per pill? You’re obviously trying to scam others!” 
He hurriedly looked at Justin and said, “Don’t be fooled, Mr. Hunt! The traditional medicine industry is a complicated one; how can a bit of lousy medicinal herbs be worth $800… Do you think you’re selling the Carefree Pills?” 
A sharp look glinted in Justin’s eyes—he was obviously displeased. 
What concern was it of Deputy Dean Lucas’ that he was willing to be scammed of his money? 
He was about to speak when the young woman’s lip corners curled upward and she said coolly, 
“You’re right, we are indeed selling Carefree Pills.”
###Chapter 63: The Carefree Pill Belongs To The Andersons!
“What?” 
All of them were astounded. 
Even Simon, Sheena, and Melissa felt like they must have misheard her, not to mention Deputy Dean Lucas. After all, the place was noisy and everyone was basically only talking about the Carefree Pill. 
Deputy Dean Lucas was the first to recover. “What did you say? Are you kidding me?” 
However, something seemed to click in Melissa’s mind and she whispered, “Nora, do you have the Carefree Pill formula? I get it now! Your mother must have left it for you?!” 
She had vaguely heard her husband mention before that Nora’s mother was the one who had developed the Carefree Pill back then! 
Nora nodded. “Yeah. I’ve already given it to Sheril. I reckon that we’ll be able to commence mass production in a couple of days.” 
She had thought that everyone would be excited after she said that, but Simon’s jaw was tense and he didn’t say anything. 
Sheena’s brows drew together tightly. “Don’t talk nonsense outside when the product hasn’t been finished yet. As expected, a child like you is simply unreliable. You can’t keep yourself calm and steady at all!” 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned a little cold. 
Wasn’t her second aunt being a little too hostile to her?
The thought had only just formed when Simon lowered his voice and said, “Nora, your mom only managed to make the Carefree Pills by coincidence back then, and even so, only a batch of five pills was successfully produced. The manufacturing process is a bit complicated and the success rate is extremely low. This is also the reason why the Carefree Pills hadn’t been popularized back then. Even with the formula, it’ll be difficult for us to mass produce it…” 
At the sight of the awful looks on Simon and Sheena’s faces, Deputy Dean Lucas sneered, “Tsk. Are you lusting for the Carefree Pill just because you saw that Mr. Myers has one? If the Carefree Pill was something that any Tom, Dick, or Harry could make, Mr. Myers wouldn’t be treating the one he has as the treasure of his shop!” 
Not far away, another loud laugh reached them. Everyone looked over to see Jon and Joel walking out together. 
A relaxed look came over Jon’s features after he laughed. He said, “That settles it then, Mr. Smith!” 
Joel looked rather disappointed—it seemed like the talk just now hadn’t gone too well. After nodding, he walked to the side with flagging interest and his interest in the conference became rather lackluster. 
Nora watched him. 
Joel’s eyes were downcast at the moment and he had lost the warm smile he had just now. Perhaps because he was thinking of his uncle’s condition, there was some sorrow and melancholy on his handsome and elegant visage. 
… It was rather heart-wrenching to see him like that. 
Nora found herself taken aback at the thought. 
She had always been an apathetic person who’d rather make fewer friends if she could get more sleep in return. The empathy she felt today came rather inexplicably.
She shook her head, discarding the thoughts in her mind. 
Someone nearby asked Jon, “Didn’t Mr. Smith buy the pill?” 
Jon sighed and replied, “The pill actually doesn’t hold much use for Mr. Smith’s condition. He’s in poor health and needs regular nourishment to nurse his health. A pill is of little use to him.” 
Everyone understood now. 
The Carefree Pill might be a lifesaver for others, but in the case of Ian whose bodily functions were barely supporting him, they needed one Carefree Pill per day to slowly nurse him back to health. 
However, there was only a single pill left in the whole world now. Thus, it was useless to him. 
Jon went on. “However, we cannot ignore Mr. Smith’s condition, either. I’ve agreed to have Tina go over every day to conduct health checkups on Mr. Smith.” 
This way, he wouldn’t offend the Smiths. He sure was smart. 
Someone nearby flattered him and said, “Dr. York is the last student you ever took in; there aren’t many who can have her conduct health checkups on them every day now!” 
“Now that modern medicine holds such a prominent place in society, traditional medicine has become much less significant. The only thing we can be proud of now is the Myers Peace Pharmacy! Mr. Myers, I’ve heard that it’s hard to get an outpatient appointment with you these days.” 
Someone suddenly changed the subject and asked, “Mr. Myers, how much are you selling that pill of yours? Name your price!” 
“Yes, that’s right! Mr. Myers, is that pill for sale?”
“I’d also like to buy it as a backup plan…” 
A group of people flocked to Jon and surrounded him. and for a time, the Myerses basked in the spotlight like none other. Even Tina next to him was proud to be associated with them. 
Jon smiled and said, “It’s not for sale! That’s the last pill we have, so it’s our shop’s treasure.” 
Tina raised her chin and said gently, “Mr. Myers has been using a special preservation method on the pill over the years. The cost of preserving it so that it won’t expire already costs about $150,000 per year…” 
“Hiss! That’s a lot of money! No wonder that pill still hasn’t spoiled even after 25 years…” 
“With that pill, the Myerses can dominate the world of traditional medicine!” 
“…” 
Jon’s gaze swept across the Andersons—who had been isolated and kept outside by the others—in the distance as he listened to the crowd’s compliments. A sharp look flashed across his countenance. 
He suddenly said, “Traditional medicine requires one to accumulate and build up experience. One must be content with what they have and calmly accumulate experience. More importantly, they mustn’t allow themselves to be tempted by other things. Am I right, Simon?” 
His words made everyone look at Simon. 
Jon continued and said, “How glorious the Andersons were twenty years ago! There was no one who didn’t know about the Andersons whenever they were mentioned in the traditional medicine and pharmaceutical industry. But all these years, you and your second sister have placed your time and efforts on making social connections and on making money instead. Your intentions in making medicine are no longer pure!”
Being reprimanded in public Simon and Sheena instantly flush. 
Melissa stepped forward and said with a smile, “Mr. Myers, Myers Peace Pharmacy’s main business is also the sale of medicines. Surely someone has to take charge of making sales, right? Speaking of which, back when our eldest sister was in charge of making medicines, I heard that you even came to us in person to ask for advice!” 
Jon stared at her and sighed. He said, “Your eldest sister, Yvette Anderson, is indeed a rare pharmaceutical genius. She was the only one with any hope of surpassing my prowess back then. What a shame that she wasted her efforts on love and romance, and eloped with a man instead! How shameless! If she had behaved and been contented with her lot back then, she would probably have also been able to create the Carefree Pill!” 
Simon was rather angry. He said, “Yvette was the one who made that Carefree Pill in your possession!” 
Sheena was also furious. 
Back then, Yvette had made five pills. Jon had borrowed two in the name of research and observation. 
Afterward, Yvette had gotten herself in trouble before she could improve the formula. The three pills they had were also used on a patient, and all of them had forgotten to ask for the two Carefree Pills back! 
But now, not only was he using those two pills to suppress the Andersons, but he was also claiming that he was the one who made them? How utterly shameless! 
Jon smiled and said nothing. 
Tina, however, frowned and said, “That’s a very strange claim you’re making, Uncle Simon. If the Andersons were really the ones who made the Carefree Pills, why would it be in my teacher’s possession while you don’t have any?”
“Exactly. How can the Andersons be so shameless? They’re actually stealing credit for the Myerses’ pills…” 
“Carefree Pills are very difficult to make. The two that Mr. Myers has were only successfully made by chance. How can the Andersons claim they’re theirs? If the Andersons had made them, why aren’t they bringing them out?” 
“Moreover, they’re even saying that Yvette was the one who made the pills. She’s already dead; without her around anymore, of course, they can say whatever they want. Unless they can produce the Carefree Pill, who would believe them?” 
Amidst the speculations, and a cool voice slowly reached them: “Who says the Andersons don’t have any Carefree Pills?”
###Chapter 64: I’ll Give You Anything You Want
Everyone turned and looked over to see a slender figure casually standing there. The young woman looked charmingly beautiful, and her cat-like eyes were slightly downcast as if she was sleepy and tired. 
Yet she also gave off a sense of unbridled arrogance. 
Her fair slender fingers went to her pocket and she took out a black pill wrapped in a white paper. After tearing off the simple and crude white wrapper, she held it between two of her fingers and looked at Jon. She said, “This is the real deal itself—the Carefree Pill.” 
Jon’s eyes widened the moment he saw her. The young woman simply resembled Yvette Anderson too much, making him a little dazed. It was just like that time back when that other young woman had stood in front of him and declared proudly, “I’ve successfully made the Carefree Pill!” 
Someone in the crowd exclaimed, “Dr. Lincoln, have a look at it! Is that the Carefree Pill?” 
Dr. Lincoln was a well-known traditional medicine practitioner in the circle. Upon the request, he took a step forward and took the pill from the young woman. Then, he scratched off a bit of it, held it to his nose, and sniffed it carefully. 
A moment later… 
“It’s the Carefree Pill! In addition, it seems like it was made recently!” 
“What? Made recently? That young woman seems to be from the Andersons…” 
“Could it be that Yvette really was the one who created the Carefree Pills?”
“…” 
As soon as the words left the speaker’s mouth, the hall fell quiet. 
Simon’s eyes lit up and he immediately said, “Mr. Myers, you have nothing to say now, do you?!” 
Jon regained his composure very quickly. He said mysteriously, “I had made medicines together with Yvette back then. I didn’t expect that she has also successfully created the Carefree Pill…” 
He was trying to make up for the embarrassment just now. 
“Heh.” 
Melissa chuckled softly. Although she hadn’t said anything, it nevertheless made Jon’s face burn as if someone had slapped him a few times! 
Everyone exchanged looks with one another. 
Suddenly, Dr. Lincoln stepped forward and asked, “… Mr. Anderson, may I know if the pill is for sale? I’m willing to pay $15,000!” 
As soon as he said that, everyone else also regained their senses and started to swarm toward Simon. 
“I’m willing to pay $23,000!” 
“I’m willing to pay $80,000!” 
“I’m willing to pay $150,000!” 
“…”
This was obviously a conference, but if anyone were to pass by outside, they might have thought it was an auction house instead. 
Simon ignored them all and carefully put away the pill that Dr. Lincoln was holding. He said, “This pill…” 
Before he could say the words ‘not for sale’, Nora said unhurriedly, “… is for sale, of course.” 
Simon, “!” 
The Myerses could even make a name for themselves in New York just by relying on a mere pill. Did Nora have any idea just how valuable the pill was or not? 
He was about to speak when Nora started taking out more pills from her pocket. One, two, three… She took out a total of twenty pills! 
She said calmly, “The Andersons’ new product, the Carefree Pill, will be launched at the end of this month. The retail price will be… $3,000 per pill?” 
She had originally planned to price them at $1,500 each, but going by their fervency just now, it seemed like she could also sell them at $3,000 without any problem? Nora was still wondering whether or not the price was too high when the crowd started shouting: 
“I want 200 pills!” 
“I want 2,000 pills!” 
“Mr. Anderson, I want 3,000 pills!” 
All the drugstore and hospitals’ procurement team representatives started to yell out their orders.
Simon swallowed and subconsciously glanced at Nora, who said dispassionately, “The production process for the Carefree Pill is a complicated one, so we can only produce up to 10,000 pills per month. They will not be sold at wholesale price but retail price.” 
“…” 
Everyone was a little disappointed, but someone nevertheless approached Simon. “Mr. Anderson, if I order 5,000 cartons of Vitality Water, can you sell me 200 Carefree Pills? I’ll buy them at retail price, not the wholesale price!” 
Simon replied, “… Okay.” 
“Me too! I want some too!” 
The crowd, who had been rather dismissive toward Simon just a moment ago, surrounded him one after another. 
Deputy Dean Lucas of the Traditional Medicine Hall also squeezed into the crowd. He said, “Simon, on account of our friendship, you have to give me 500 Carefree Pills no matter what!” 
Unfortunately, before he could squeeze into the crowd, Sheena stopped him. 
With an icy smile on her face, she said, “Interested in our products, Deputy Dean Lucas? They’ll cost you four times the usual price.” 
Deputy Dean Lucas, “…” 
He had demanded a 60% discount on their products just now and now, the Carefree Pill’s price had quadrupled! Sheena was definitely doing this on purpose!
Justin, who was standing nearby, looked a little stunned. 
His original intention was to give her money, but now… 
“The pill retails at $3,000 but she’s selling it to us at $800 each. In other words, we earn a profit of $2,200 per pill, which makes $11,000,000 in total! Mr. Hunt, Miss Smith has actually given us such a large cut of the profits!” 
Behind him, Sean was calculating the numbers. He remarked, “Why does it feel like we ended up taking advantage of Miss Smith?” 
Justin, “…” 
He was originally intending to return her a favor, but it seemed like his debt was increasing instead? 
The chilly look on his face and the impatience in his heart had already dissipated at some point. The corners of his lips suddenly curled upward and even the beauty mark at his eyes was exuding joy. 
The young woman amid the crowd had already meritoriously retired by now. 
She slipped away quietly, leaving all the hustle and bustle to Simon, and walked toward Justin. 
She had a bit of a complicated look—there seemed to be a little hesitation, as well as a little uncertainty. What was she intending to say to him? To think it was actually putting her in such a spot. 
The smile at the corners of Justin’s lips widened a little further. 
But just as she got closer and closer to him, the woman suddenly turned and walked toward Joel, who was next to him, instead. 
Justin, “?”
The smile on his face suddenly froze. 
Nora was indeed feeling a little hesitant and unsure. 
She didn’t know whether what she was doing was right or wrong, but she simply followed her heart and walked up to Joel. She said, “Mr. Smith, the Andersons are willing to provide your uncle’s medication at no cost.” 
Joel had already heard the commotion a long time ago. 
However, he hadn’t expected Nora to take the initiative and offer him the pills. 
His flirtatious eyes raised slightly, but his smile also completely disappeared. His eyes were icy-cold as he replied, “I appreciate your kindness, but… 
“My uncle doesn’t ever take any of the Andersons’ medicines.” 
After speaking, he nodded coldly at Nora, turned, and left. 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Not expecting a response like that, she was stunned to the spot. 
A low voice reached her at this point. “Ian Smith has great pride. Your mother embarrassed him back then. He’ll never use the Andersons’ medicines.” 
Nora turned to see Justin standing behind. 
She clenched her jaw and then sighed. 
There were mistakes that one could make up for, but there are also some that one couldn’t.
In that case, there was no need for her to meddle anymore. 
Seeing that she didn’t seem to take it to heart, Justin coughed and slowly said, “Miss Smith, the new product…” 
Nora waved and said, “Since I’m giving it to you, just take it.” 
Justin chuckled softly and asked, “Is there anything you want, Miss Smith?” 
Anything I want… 
With her eyes all bright and shiny, Nora looked at him and asked, “Will you give me whatever I want?” 
There it was, that scorching gaze again. 
Justin let out a low “Yes”, his voice deep and sultry. 
Nearby, Sean was rendered speechless. 
Boss! I can’t bear to watch you anymore! 
Ding! 
His cell phone beeped. He looked down to see that someone had sent him the photo of Nora’s daughter that he had asked for just now. 
margin-top:10px; text-align:center"> 
Chapter 64: I’ll Give You Anything You Want 
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios 
Everyone turned and looked over to see a slender figure casually standing there. The young woman looked charmingly beautiful, and her cat-like eyes were slightly downcast as if she was sleepy and tired. 
Yet she also gave off a sense of unbridled arrogance. 
Her fair slender fingers went to her pocket and she took out a black pill wrapped in a white paper. After tearing off the simple and crude white wrapper, she held it between two of her fingers and looked at Jon. She said, “This is the real deal itself—the Carefree Pill.” 
Jon’s eyes widened the moment he saw her. The young woman simply resembled Yvette Anderson too much, making him a little dazed. It was just like that time back when that other young woman had stood in front of him and declared proudly, “I’ve successfully made the Carefree Pill!” 
Someone in the crowd exclaimed, “Dr. Lincoln, have a look at it! Is that the Carefree Pill?” 
Dr. Lincoln was a well-known traditional medicine practitioner in the circle. Upon the request, he took a step forward and took the pill from the young woman. Then, he scratched off a bit of it, held it to his nose, and sniffed it carefully.
A moment later… 
“It’s the Carefree Pill! In addition, it seems like it was made recently!” 
“What? Made recently? That young woman seems to be from the Andersons…” 
“Could it be that Yvette really was the one who created the Carefree Pills?” 
“…” 
As soon as the words left the speaker’s mouth, the hall fell quiet. 
Simon’s eyes lit up and he immediately said, “Mr. Myers, you have nothing to say now, do you?!” 
Jon regained his composure very quickly. He said mysteriously, “I had made medicines together with Yvette back then. I didn’t expect that she has also successfully created the Carefree Pill…” 
He was trying to make up for the embarrassment just now. 
“Heh.” 
Melissa chuckled softly. Although she hadn’t said anything, it nevertheless made Jon’s face burn as if someone had slapped him a few times! 
Everyone exchanged looks with one another. 
Suddenly, Dr. Lincoln stepped forward and asked, “… Mr. Anderson, may I know if the pill is for sale? I’m willing to pay $15,000!” 
As soon as he said that, everyone else also regained their senses and started to swarm toward Simon. 
“I’m willing to pay $23,000!” 
“I’m willing to pay $80,000!” 
“I’m willing to pay $150,000!” 
“…” 
This was obviously a conference, but if anyone were to pass by outside, they might have thought it was an auction house instead. 
Simon ignored them all and carefully put away the pill that Dr. Lincoln was holding. He said, “This pill…” 
Before he could say the words ‘not for sale’, Nora said unhurriedly, “… is for sale, of course.” 
Simon, “!” 
The Myerses could even make a name for themselves in New York just by relying on a mere pill. Did Nora have any idea just how valuable the pill was or not? 
He was about to speak when Nora started taking out more pills from her pocket. One, two, three… She took out a total of twenty pills! 
She said calmly, “The Andersons’ new product, the Carefree Pill, will be launched at the end of this month. The retail price will be… $3,000 per pill?” 
She had originally planned to price them at $1,500 each, but going by their fervency just now, it seemed like she could also sell them at $3,000 without any problem? Nora was still wondering whether or not the price was too high when the crowd started shouting: 
“I want 200 pills!” 
“I want 2,000 pills!” 
“Mr. Anderson, I want 3,000 pills!” 
All the drugstore and hospitals’ procurement team representatives started to yell out their orders. 
Simon swallowed and subconsciously glanced at Nora, who said dispassionately, “The production process for the Carefree Pill is a complicated one, so we can only produce up to 10,000 pills per month. They will not be sold at wholesale price but retail price.” 
“…” 
Everyone was a little disappointed, but someone nevertheless approached Simon. “Mr. Anderson, if I order 5,000 cartons of Vitality Water, can you sell me 200 Carefree Pills? I’ll buy them at retail price, not the wholesale price!” 
Simon replied, “… Okay.” 
“Me too! I want some too!” 
The crowd, who had been rather dismissive toward Simon just a moment ago, surrounded him one after another.
Deputy Dean Lucas of the Traditional Medicine Hall also squeezed into the crowd. He said, “Simon, on account of our friendship, you have to give me 500 Carefree Pills no matter what!” 
Unfortunately, before he could squeeze into the crowd, Sheena stopped him. 
With an icy smile on her face, she said, “Interested in our products, Deputy Dean Lucas? They’ll cost you four times the usual price.” 
Deputy Dean Lucas, “…” 
He had demanded a 60% discount on their products just now and now, the Carefree Pill’s price had quadrupled! Sheena was definitely doing this on purpose! 
Justin, who was standing nearby, looked a little stunned. 
His original intention was to give her money, but now… 
“The pill retails at $3,000 but she’s selling it to us at $800 each. In other words, we earn a profit of $2,200 per pill, which makes $11,000,000 in total! Mr. Hunt, Miss Smith has actually given us such a large cut of the profits!” 
Behind him, Sean was calculating the numbers. He remarked, “Why does it feel like we ended up taking advantage of Miss Smith?” 
Justin, “…” 
He was originally intending to return her a favor, but it seemed like his debt was increasing instead? 
The chilly look on his face and the impatience in his heart had already dissipated at some point. The corners of his lips suddenly curled upward and even the beauty mark at his eyes was exuding joy. 
The young woman amid the crowd had already meritoriously retired by now. 
She slipped away quietly, leaving all the hustle and bustle to Simon, and walked toward Justin. 
She had a bit of a complicated look—there seemed to be a little hesitation, as well as a little uncertainty. What was she intending to say to him? To think it was actually putting her in such a spot. 
The smile at the corners of Justin’s lips widened a little further. 
But just as she got closer and closer to him, the woman suddenly turned and walked toward Joel, who was next to him, instead. 
Justin, “?” 
The smile on his face suddenly froze. 
Nora was indeed feeling a little hesitant and unsure. 
She didn’t know whether what she was doing was right or wrong, but she simply followed her heart and walked up to Joel. She said, “Mr. Smith, the Andersons are willing to provide your uncle’s medication at no cost.” 
Joel had already heard the commotion a long time ago. 
However, he hadn’t expected Nora to take the initiative and offer him the pills. 
His flirtatious eyes raised slightly, but his smile also completely disappeared. His eyes were icy-cold as he replied, “I appreciate your kindness, but… 
“My uncle doesn’t ever take any of the Andersons’ medicines.” 
After speaking, he nodded coldly at Nora, turned, and left. 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Not expecting a response like that, she was stunned to the spot. 
A low voice reached her at this point. “Ian Smith has great pride. Your mother embarrassed him back then. He’ll never use the Andersons’ medicines.” 
Nora turned to see Justin standing behind. 
She clenched her jaw and then sighed. 
There were mistakes that one could make up for, but there are also some that one couldn’t. 
In that case, there was no need for her to meddle anymore. 
Seeing that she didn’t seem to take it to heart, Justin coughed and slowly said, “Miss Smith, the new product…” 
Nora waved and said, “Since I’m giving it to you, just take it.” 
Justin chuckled softly and asked, “Is there anything you want, Miss Smith?” 
Anything I want…
With her eyes all bright and shiny, Nora looked at him and asked, “Will you give me whatever I want?” 
There it was, that scorching gaze again. 
Justin let out a low “Yes”, his voice deep and sultry. 
Nearby, Sean was rendered speechless. 
Boss! I can’t bear to watch you anymore! 
Ding! 
His cell phone beeped. He looked down to see that someone had sent him the photo of Nora’s daughter that he had asked for just now.
###Chapter 65: Someone Was Investigating My Daughter!
Justin stared at Nora intently with his head lowered. 
There wasn’t any of the cold and unfeeling demeanor he usually had. The well-tailored custom-made suit set off his big and tall figure, making him look tall and straight. 
Dim light flickered in his dark, deep eyes, and even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed a little darker than usual. 
He seemed to be looking forward to something, yet also nervous about it. 
Were Pete here, he would have discovered that the egocentric tyrant, who had always acted arbitrarily, actually looked somewhat nervous at the moment… 
The woman’s eyes were big and shiny and had none of their usual laziness as she gazed at him. 
Her appearance made his heart suddenly race. For a moment, he suddenly had the illusion that he would agree to whatever she asked for, no matter what it was. 
Her lips parted and a few words popped out. “I want you…” 
Justin felt as if the whole place had turned silent around him. The corners of his lips curled upward subconsciously, and even his dark eyes seemed like they were gradually lighting up like a sunny day. 
Then, he heard the second half of her sentence: “…-r son.” 
Justin was bewildered. 
The bolt from the blue made him dumbfounded.
In fact, the man, whose expression had never betrayed his feelings, couldn’t quite keep a straight face anymore. Even his voice sounded a little stiff as he said, “What?” 
Seeing how big his reaction was, the light in Nora’s eyes dimmed little by little. 
She just knew that it wouldn’t work. 
That bit of profit that the Carefree Pills gave probably wasn’t even a drop in the bucket for the number one family. How would it possibly move him? 
Thinking about it from his perspective, if he were to offer to buy Cherry… Well, if he allowed her to sleep at the Hunts’ residence, it wasn’t entirely impossible, either. 
Nora lowered her gaze, her long eyelashes casting their silhouette on her cheek. With a little disappointment, she said carelessly, “Just kidding.” 
Justin, “…” 
Nora’s cell phone rang at this time. 
She nodded at Justin, then walked a few steps away and answered the call. Solo’s voice rang out from the other end of the call. He said, “Anti, I found signs that someone was searching the Internet for your daughter’s photo just now!” 
Nora was puzzled. 
Her eyes narrowed and she immediately looked at Justin, only to see that his assistant standing behind him was currently whispering something to him. 
Justin looked up and glanced at her. Then, his assistant held up his cell phone, apparently about to open the email and show him the photo…
Nora panicked. She hung up and immediately took a step forward. “Mr. Hunt!” 
Justin, who was about to open the email, was taken aback and he looked at her. 
A cold glint flickered in Nora’s eyes and she came right up to Justin. Then, she tiptoed, reached out one hand, and held his shoulder as she said in a low voice, “Your clothes are wrinkled.” 
With her cell phone in her other hand, she ‘accidentally’ bumped it against Sean’s cell phone that Justin was holding. While pretending to pat his clothes, she counted silently: 
Five, four, three, two, one… 
Time’s up. 
Nora was about to take a few steps back to put some distance between the two of them when a large warm hand suddenly held her around her waist. “Look out.” 
A waiter happened to be passing by behind her. 
Nora felt as if the palm on her waist was burning hot. She raised her head in discomfit and her gaze met with the man’s smiling lip corners. 
His lips were thin, but their shape was refined and good-looking. 
His nose bridge was very tall, making him look very gallant. 
His pupils were very dark, making them seem deep and bottomless. 
Up close, his face had a bewitching charm to it. 
Nora felt as if the air in her lungs had been sucked away, making her chest feel tight and stuffy. She hurriedly pushed him away and took a few steps back. After she steadied herself, she said, “Thank you.”
Then, she turned and left. 
As he gazed at her fleeing in embarrassment, Justin looked down at his fingertips. 
The woman really had a fantastic figure. Areas that should be fleshy were fleshy, yet her waist was so slim and slender. It was as if he could hold it with just a hand… 
After a while, he finally looked at the cell phone. However, the screen had turned black. 
An astonished Sean said, “… Is the battery flat? It shouldn’t be, though. The battery was more than 60% full just now. Why can’t I turn it on anymore…” 
After hacking Sean’s cell phone, Nora lowered her gaze and tapped away on her big and heavy cell phone for a short while. 
At this point, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of her. 
Nora looked up—Tina was supporting Jon and looking at her with hostility. 
As she tossed her cell phone into her pocket, she also heard Tina say cheerfully, “Miss Smith, something awesome is about to happen to you!” 
She deliberately raised her voice, attracting the attention of everyone around them. 
Jon let out a cough and said, “So, you’re an old friend’s daughter. Back then, your mother and I were good friends. Even though she went astray and ruined herself, now that you’re back, I should guide you in your mother’s stead. I heard that you’re a surgeon? I wonder if you’re interested in traditional medicine?”
A question mark slowly appeared in Nora’s mind: ? 
Tina said, “Miss Smith, are you so happy that you’re lost for words? My teacher, Mr. Myers, is about to take you as his student, so hurry up and acknowledge him as your teacher!” 
Nora, “!!” 
Tina straightened her back and slowly said, “Miss Smith, perhaps you’re not very familiar with the traditional medicine scene here. At present, there are a few masters of traditional medicine in New York —Dr. Myers, Dr. Lincoln, and Dr. Jenkins. The three of them were students of Dr. Silvester Zabe, the most famous practitioner of traditional medicine many years ago. However, Dr. Zabe hasn’t seen any patients for many years, so there’s no one better than Mr. Myers now. 
“Mr. Myers is also the deputy dean of the New York College of Traditional Medicine. There are scores of people trying to apply to become a postgraduate student under him. It’s your honor that he’s willing to take you as his student. It’s a blessing that many are begging for!” 
As soon as she said that, the people around them immediately started to speculate among themselves. “No wonder Mr. Jon is so skilled in traditional medicine. As it turns out, he was under the tutelage of Dr. Zabe. But wasn’t it said that Dr. Zabe didn’t take any students?” 
Jon smiled lightly and said, “I was lucky enough to have studied under Mr. Zabe for a few years. I suppose you can call me an unofficial student of his!” 
The moment he said that, Dr. Lincoln, who had helped to verify the Carefree Pill just now and was of equal standing as Jon, muttered, “I heard that Mr. Zabe officially took in a student a few years ago and taught them everything he knew… But that’s just a rumor, though. I’ve never seen that little junior of mine, so I have no idea whether they’re male or female!” 
Dr. Lincoln’s words didn’t attract anyone’s attention, though.
Tina said, “Acknowledge Mr. Myers as your teacher here first. You can officially pay him a visit to complete the procedures next time.” 
Nora slowly said, “No, it’s fine.” 
Disregarding how that man must be up to no good in his bid to take her as his student, and that he would probably make her lend him the Carefree Pill’s formula to study and observe later on; just the fact that were she to become Jon’s student… Wouldn’t their hierarchical positions become all messed up? 
Speaking of which, she was certainly being rather rude. Even though she had come to New York, she hadn’t gone to visit her teacher yet… 
While she was lost in her own thoughts, Tina’s expression had already changed. She and Jon were about to say something when next to them, Joel Smith answered a phone call and his expression suddenly changed drastically. 
He quickly took a couple of steps toward Jon and said, “My uncle is dying. Please come with me immediately and have a look at him…”
###Chapter 66: An Incurable Illness?
Jon, who didn’t dare slight him, answered, “Okay!” 
Before leaving, he looked at Nora and said, “You’re still young, so you should give some things a little more thought. Mr. Smith, let’s not waste any more time and hurry over!” 
After Jon and Tina left, the people around them started to gather around Nora. 
“So, you’re Yvette Anderson’s daughter? Becoming Jon’s student is a great opportunity. Don’t pass it up!” 
“She’s still young, but Simon, you’d best be sensible! Look at Tina; after she became Mr. Myers’ student, she became an attending physician at Hospital Finest. She also became a lot more well-known…” 
Amidst everyone’s persuasion, Nora, however, merely stared in the direction where Joel and the others left. 
Ian Smith was dying… 
Should she go over and have a look? 
However, when she thought of what Joel had said just now, she abandoned the thought. 
Never mind. Everyone had their own destiny. 
The conference ended with a perfect conclusion for the Andersons. All the goods piled up in their warehouse sold out. In addition, with the Carefree Pills, Harmonia Pharmacy’s position in the traditional medicine industry also stabilized somewhat. 
At the very least, when they left, the others no longer looked at them contemptuously like the way they did in the beginning.
It was only after he saw that the Andersons had left that Justin looked at Sean, who had already taken out his spare cell phone, logged in to the email account, and opened the email from just now. 
The photo, however, was of a baby who had just turned a month old. 
Honestly speaking, all newborn babies actually look more or less the same. However, the baby in the photo looked soft and chubby, and it was obvious that she had very attractive facial features. 
Justin suddenly thought of Pete when he was a baby. Due to his poor health, he had been nothing but skin and bone… 
At the Andersons. 
After Nora and the others stepped through the door, the whole family sat on the sofa in the living room. 
Simon had just answered a call from his daughter. He said excitedly, “Sheril says that they’ve already produced 50 pills based on the formula! The formula works! We can really mass-produce Carefree Pills!” 
Melissa glanced at Sheena, who hadn’t said a word since she entered. She said, “It seems like Yvette did indeed improve the formula and even had Nora bring it back. This shows that despite her leaving home, she hadn’t forgotten the Andersons…” 
Sheena’s complexion was dull and ashen. Her lips were pursed tightly and she felt dejected. 
Simon, who didn’t notice anything, instead asked, “Nora, are you really not going to study under Jon?” 
Nora replied, “No.” 
After thinking for a while, Simon said, “I know it’s because Jon was making things difficult for us that you…”
“There’s no need to discuss any further about this. I’m not interested in learning traditional medicine from him,” said Nora, who interrupted her uncle straightaway. 
Sheena frowned. “What are you interested in, then?” 
Nora raised an eyebrow and kept quiet for a while. 
At once, Sheena couldn’t help but reprimand her. “I heard that you’re a surgeon? Do you have a medical license? Which college did you graduate from? Which hospital are you working in? Are you a doctor specializing in outpatient service or an attending physician?” 
Nora replied, “… I work by myself.” 
“You work by yourself? In that case, how many operations can you do in a month? Why don’t you train in the hospital for a few years since you’re still so young?” 
Melissa tugged Sheena’s sleeve. “Sheena, don’t say any more for now.” 
However, Sheena pulled her sleeve back and said, “So, you want me to apologize to your mother? Okay! I’ll do it! I shouldn’t have said that about Sis! But Nora, as your aunt, there’s something I have to say! 
“Your mother was renowned as a young lady of great talent in New York back then, but you grew up elsewhere instead. The way how you’re incapable of anything damages your mother’s reputation! That is something I absolutely will not allow!” 
“…” 
Nora felt that this second aunt of hers took reputation and things like that too seriously. 
She stood up and walked upstairs. “I’ll go and take a look at what Cherry is doing.”
Sheena immediately became angry. “You—” 
Melissa grabbed her hand and said, “She’s only just returned, Sheena. Give her some time to adapt. Don’t worry, even if you don’t bring it up, I’ll do my best to groom Nora, nonetheless!” 
Nora, “…” 
She really didn’t need it. 
She went upstairs, entered her bedroom, and immediately heard Cherry in the midst of her games. 
“Chesty, come on! I caught someone who’s alone!” 
A voice rang out in the voice chat: “Coming! I’m coming!” 
Then, Cherry let out an exclamation of surprise and said, “No, there isn’t just one person but two! Ah, there’s one… two more in the bushes! Chesty, there are four players away from their team!” 
“…” 
“Come on! Why are you running away, Chesty? Why are you so lousy?!” 
“… Cherry, they have four people on their side while there’s only two of us. Are you sure the four of them are away from their team?” 
“Why are you chickening out? I can beat five of them by myself! Are you a man or not?!” 
“I’m your uncle!” 
“Oh. Those who didn’t know would’ve thought you were my aunt instead!” 
“…”
Seeing that Cherry was engrossed in her game, Nora reminded her to pay attention to the time and went to take a bath. 
Cherry blinked with her big cute eyes and stared at her cell phone. “Chesty, Mommy’s back, so I’ll have to log off soon! Are you still streaming the gameplay?” 
Chester replied, “Yes, I am. The viewers in my live stream are all calling for you to start live streaming too!” 
Cherry became very interested when she heard what he said. She asked, “Will anyone watch if I live stream?” 
Chester replied, “Of course! I’m a hotshot streamer with millions of fans. When we challenge the rankings with our two-man team, you’ll definitely get a lot of traffic!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” Cherry said, “I’ll start a live stream tomorrow! What do I have to prepare?” 
Chester asked, “Do you have a computer at home? You’ll have to buy a good camera, preferably one that comes with a beautifying feature!” 
“No problem!” 
The two sillies chatted cheerfully. Cherry even grinned happily as she dreamed of becoming a little star. 
Once she started live streaming, would it mean that she would be able to give history trivia and even do poem recitals in her live stream and let everyone see how much of a genius and beauty she was?! 
— 
The Smiths’ residence was located near Third Avenue in New York.
Interior decor in the manor was low-key and exuded elegance in every detail. 
Several servants busied themselves with their chores, yet they didn’t make any sound. It was apparent that they were well-trained. 
All the members of the Smiths were gathered outside the master bedroom door. They sat on the leather sofa and stared anxiously at the bedroom door. 
In the bedroom, a big and tall man was lying on a large gray bed. 
Even though he was nearly fifty years old, Ian didn’t look his age at all. Apart from how he was unusually pale, he looked as if he was in his thirties. 
Even though his eyes were closed and he was unconscious at the moment, his features exuded the elegance and sobriety of a man who had enjoyed a high social standing for a long time. 
If one looked closely, one would realize that Nora and Ian had very similar lip shapes. 
A solemn Jon checked his vitals gravely while Tina stood straight and carefully sized up the luxurious decor around her. 
Even at his current level, Jon was just a bigwig in the traditional medicine circle. To true top-notch wealthy families like the Smiths, he was just a doctor with a little more skill than most. Their status and the amount of power each wielded weren’t comparable at all. 
Joel had a troubled look on his face. When he saw that Jon was done with the checkup, he asked anxiously, “How is my uncle?” 
Jon frowned and replied, “Mr. Smith has no will to live, so there’s nothing that can cure him. Please prepare for his funeral.” 
Joel’s expression changed drastically. “Is there really no other way, Mr. Myers?”
Jon replied, “There may be someone who can do something about it.” 
Joel asked anxiously, “Who is it?”
###Chapter 67: Direct Successor
Jon’s expression remained unchanged as he answered, “It’s Dr. Zabe.” 
At once, Joel got ready to instruct his subordinates to invite him over. 
However, Jon stopped him. He said, “He’s already very old, and has even become somewhat absent- minded and bedridden. But I’ve heard that he took in a student who inherited all of his skills. Unfortunately, this person is very mysterious. No one knows where they are.” 
Joel frowned. His gaze fell on Ian who was lying on the bed. 
Jon contemplated for a while before he spoke again. He said, “I can keep Mr. Smith alive, but you’ll have to either let him rekindle his will to live or find Dr. Zabe’s student.” 
Joel nodded, a bit of a sharp look appearing in his flirtatious eyes. “In that case, please help my uncle regain consciousness as soon as possible, Mr. Myers.” 
“Okay.” 
Jon took out a silver needle and pierced it into several important points on Ian. Then, he took out a pill, crushed it, and stuffed it into his mouth. 
After some work, Ian’s heartbeat became steady again. 
Jon wiped the sweat off his brows and said to Joel, “Mr. Smith should be able to wake up tomorrow. I’ll have Tina personally come over to check on him every day and do our best to keep him alive until you find Dr. Zabe’s successor.” 
A smile formed on Joel’s countenance once more. “Okay, I’ll get the butler to send you out.”
After the two of them left, a feminine and delicate voice suddenly rang out. “Joel, he’s obviously capable of curing Dad, yet he keeps going on and on here with you instead. Also, Dr. Zabe? He sure says a lot of nonsense.” 
Joel smiled upon hearing this. 
He turned around to see an attractive figure walk in—it was Ian’s adopted daughter, Yvonne Smith. 
Ian never married in his whole life, choosing to only adopt a daughter. All the other children born into the Smiths were boys, so they doted on their one and only younger sister very much. 
Joel said, “As long as he can cure Uncle Ian’s illness, what’s the big deal about helping him boost his reputation?” 
Yvonne stuck out her tongue and cast her eyes down. 
Everyone said she was the princess of the Smiths in New York, but no one knew that she was actually the most afraid of Joel. 
The new head of the Smiths was always smiling and was gentle and generous, but Yvonne always felt like there was a thin wall between the two of them… 
At the entrance of the Smiths’ residence. 
It took a full ten minutes for the car to go from the villa where Ian lived to the gate of the manor. 
It was only when she saw that they were on the main road that Tina finally looked away from the manor. 
She looked at Jon nervously. “Sir, Ian Smith is already on his deathbed. Even he himself doesn’t want to live anymore; how can we possibly save his life?”
Ian had no external or internal injuries. From a modern medicine perspective, there wasn’t anything wrong with him. 
Yet his internal organs were slowly failing… 
Jon stretched out his hand—half a pill was resting on his palm. He said, “Go over every day to check his health. Give him a couple of jabs on unimportant points of his body first, and then have him consume this pill. This will keep him alive.” 
Tina exclaimed, “Sir, that pill is…” 
Jon heaved a heavy sigh and answered, “It’s the Carefree Pill.” 
Tina’s eyes widened. “That pill is worth a lot! You…” 
Jon balled up his fist and closed his eyes. Due to his age, the skin at his eyelids was loose and saggy. He instructed, “Have someone secretly buy them from Harmonia Pharmacy. Don’t let anyone discover anything. Harmonia Pharmacy has won this round, thanks to the Carefree Pill. If we don’t achieve anything big, they’ll probably rise above us!” 
Tina immediately understood what Jon meant. 
The Myerses had made a name for themselves overnight by using the Carefree Pill to cure the elderly Mrs. Hunt. Additionally, it had also allowed Jon to cement his position in the field of traditional medicine. However, now that the Carefree Pill had become the Andersons’, it had robbed them of their glory. 
Dr. Zabe was the only one capable of curing Ian, yet Jon had successfully kept him alive. This was undoubtedly something glorious to tell everyone.
Tina sat up straight and said seriously, “Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll make sure I don’t slip up and give anything away!” 
It was getting late and the moon was already visible in the sky. 
The streets of New York were filled with cars. From a distance, it was as though the stream of red car lights stretched on endlessly. 
Although the Andersons’ residence wasn’t a large manor, it was located in the city center and was a quiet little area amid the hustle and bustle of the city. The small villa’s market value was worth over ten million. 
After dinner, Mrs. Anderson and Melissa brought Nora into the study. 
The swelling around Mrs. Anderson’s eyes had already gone down and she had completely regained her vision. She looked at Nora kindly and asked, “Nora, Cherry must be five by now, right? It’s not appropriate to just let her stay at home all the time. Do you have any plans to send her to kindergarten?” 
Nora had thought about this a long time ago. 
Originally, her trip to New York was only supposed to be a temporary stay, but now that her son was here, it was likely that she had to stay here permanently. 
She nodded and asked, “Which is the best kindergarten nearby?” 
Cherry had a super high IQ, so she wasn’t quite the same as other children. She was impatient and, apart from when she played games, she couldn’t sit still at all, no matter what she was doing. 
This was the only reason why Nora had allowed her to play games—so that she could practice how to focus. However, in truth, the amount of game time she had every day was limited.
Considering her situation, she needed a kindergarten with the most abundant manpower resources, so that there would be the most professional teachers there to take care of her. 
At her question, Melissa was taken aback for a moment before she answered, “The best kindergarten around here is the International Golden Sunshine Kindergarten.” 
Mrs. Anderson frowned and supplemented, “That kindergarten is hard to enroll into, though.” 
Nora was puzzled. 
Melissa explained, “That’s the best kindergarten in New York. The students there are either wealthy or of noble status. Given our family’s conditions, neither Sheril nor Logan were accepted into the school when they were children…” 
She said, “The main reason for that is that not only does the kindergarten have tough requirements for the children, but they also have very demanding requirements for parents. Parents must either be special talents or top cadres. Additionally, there are also assessments of varied content specifically set for parents.” 
Nora went straight for the key point. She asked, “What’s considered a special talent?” 
Melissa answered, “They are talents who have made major contributions. Alternatively, it’ll also work if the parents are holders of top-class black cards.” 
A puzzled Mrs. Anderson asked, “What’s a top-class black card?” 
Melissa shook her head. “I’ve only heard of it and never seen it before.” 
The look in Nora’s eyes flickered a little, however. 
A bank’s top-class black card was a credit card with no credit limit.
Currently, there were only a double-digit number of black cards in the world. It was said that these dozen or so people had formed a mysterious organization known as the Imperial League. 
Imperial League members were either tycoons of the world or hotshot politicians, and they controlled the global economy. 
They were very mysterious, and even an occasional conversation among them was capable of triggering global economic storms. However, all the members were anonymous, and even people within the organization itself didn’t know who the others were. 
Everyone privately speculated that in all of the United States, the person who might have a black card like that must be Justin. Thus, everyone, no matter who it was, treated him very politely. 
Anyone who owned a black card like that could buy the kindergarten itself, so there definitely wouldn’t be any enrollment restrictions for them. 
Nora’s lip corners curled upward. She was about to say something when her cell phone rang. 
However, when she saw the name on the caller ID, she was taken aback for a moment. 
Why was he calling her?
###Chapter 68: Grandpa, Why Don’t I Tell You Some Trivia?
Nora said to Melissa, “We’ll go for that kindergarten, Aunt Melissa. I’ll take Cherry there and give it a go.” 
Then, she got up, went out the door, and picked up the call. 
An aged and stern voice came from the other end of the call. “Where are you?” 
It was her traditional medicine teacher, Silvester Zabe. 
At the thought of how serious and stern of a man he was, Nora subconsciously straightened her back and answered, “I’m in New York, sir. What’s the matter?” 
Silvester slowly replied, “Oh. The Smiths are looking for you; they want you to treat someone’s illness.” 
The Smiths? Ian Smith? 
Just as Nora was about to say that she would go, Silvester said, “You don’t have to go. He isn’t sick; he just doesn’t want to live anymore.” 
“…” 
“His internal organs are failing. Currently, they’re using the Carefree Pill to keep him alive. Even if you do go over, can you make him regain his will to live?” 
Nora had no words for that. She reckoned that Ian would probably wish to die even more if he saw her. 
She sighed mentally. Then, she asked carefully, “Okay. Can I visit you tomorrow, sir?” 
Silvester was already over 90 years old this year, but the elderly man nevertheless spoke clearly. He replied, “No, it’s fine. I’m already old; there’s nothing to see here. You passing down my skills in
traditional medicine would be the best way of repaying my kindness.” 
However, the old man’s indifference instead made Nora tear up. 
Without him, she would probably have already died several times. 
She cast her eyes down and said, “In that case, let me know if you ever want to see me.” 
“You’re not a kid anymore, so why are you still so clingy? Stop it!” After saying that, Silvester said, “I’m hanging up.” 
Beep… beep… beep… 
Nora looked at her cell phone and heaved a soft sigh. That old man’s temper was as weird as ever. 
The night passed peacefully. 
When Cherry woke up the next morning, Nora was still asleep. 
She tiptoed gently across the carpet, closing the door only after she entered the study. 
Then, she picked up her cell phone and sent Chester a text message: “Chesty, are you ready?” 
Chester replied instantly: “I’ve already registered a live stream account for you, so you can officially start live streaming now!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
Cherry climbed up the chair and planted her tiny self on the big swivel chair. She pushed her foot against the table and turned the chair straight. Then, she turned on Nora’s computer. 
Chester chuckled and texted: “It’s your first live stream today, Cherry. Let’s do something a little special today so that you can attract more fans!”
Cherry’s big dark eyes lit up and she replied: “Okay! What shall we do?” 
Chester, who was in his room at the Hunts’, replied: “Let’s compete in the live stream!” 
Cherry eagerly replied: “No problem! I’ll beat you for sure!” 
“Heh heh.” Chester replied smugly: “A contest in a live stream isn’t dependent on the game but the fans’ monetary tips! I have 10 million fans, so I’ll definitely beat you!” 
Chester had suffered his little niece’s dissing in the game for over half a year. 
Now, he was going to stand tall and regain his dignity as her uncle! 
He would let his little niece see just how crazy his fans are. 
Cherry wrote: “I’ll definitely be better at this than you!” 
Chester grinned and started a new live stream. “Hello everyone! This is Chesty. Today, I will introduce a new friend to all of you. She’s my team leader! Yes, she’s none other than the cutie with a little girl’s voice who loves playing as the heroine with the huge cannon! Everyone, please show her lots of support!” 
At the Smiths. 
Ian had woken up in the morning. 
The servant quickly told him that Joel had watched over him all night the previous day. 
Joel, whose eyes were all red, held his hand and said, “Uncle Ian, the Smiths still need you. I can’t head the family by myself yet. You can’t just leave all of this behind and go.”
Joel was lying. 
He was even more outstanding than himself back then, yet he was putting on an act like that. 
Ian smiled weakly. “I’m fine.” 
A touch of sorrow flashed across Joel’s eyes. He picked up the cell phone and handed it to Ian in an attempt to pique his interest. He said, “I remember you used to like playing games, Uncle Ian. This game is very popular now. How about trying it out?” 
The reason why he had played games in the past was that she was still with him back then. 
Ian actually wasn’t very interested in games. He said dispassionately, “… I don’t know how to play it.” 
“It’s fine.” Joel opened a live stream app and said, “It’s pretty interesting to watch others play, too! You can even learn how to play just by watching.” 
He opened a random live stream and placed the cell phone at a corner on the side within Ian’s line of vision. 
Ian didn’t have the heart to refuse his nephew’s kindness, so he simply looked over casually. 
A soft and tender voice could already be heard coming from the live stream. 
“Chesty, why are my points so low?” 
Chester replied, “That’s because the points are calculated using the total amount of tips you receive from fans through the virtual gifts they send you! You don’t have many fans yet! Hehe, come on, everyone! I’m always being trashed by sweetcherry in the game, so I’m going to give her a taste of how it feels to be trashed this time!” 
‘sweetcherry’?
Ian was taken aback for a moment. 
He remembered that Yvette’s game alias had been ‘lollipop’ back then. When he teased her for using such a sweet-sounding name, she had replied, “What’s wrong with that? If I have a daughter in the future, I’ll play games with her and give her the alias ‘sweetcherry’, and have you die of diabetes from all the sugar!” 
‘sweetcherry’… 
Ian stretched out his pale and feeble arm and took hold of the cell phone. Right away, a face-off screen entered his sight. sweetcherry only had a few hundred points while her opponent Chesty had a few thousand points. 
He suddenly gained a little interest. 
When Chester raised his head, he suddenly discovered that Cherry’s total number of points had exceeded his. He immediately exclaimed, “What the f*ck?! What happened?” 
Cherry exclaimed excitedly, “Someone just gave me a huge tip! I can’t even keep count anymore!” 
Chester did a count and found that the person had actually given her a $80,000 tip in one go! 
Shocked, he urged, “Quick, greet your Sponsor Daddy! Thank you for the tip, Sponsor Daddy!” 
Cherry was very troubled, though. She said, “But I already have a Daddy!” 
She tilted her head, bit her finger, and thought about it for a while. Then, her eyes suddenly lit up and she exclaimed, “I know, I’ll have Mommy call him Daddy instead! So, that means he’s Grandpa! Thank you for the tip, Grandpa!” 
While talking, another notification saying she had received an $80,000 tip scrolled across the screen.
It instantly dealt a crushing blow to Chester’s points. 
“F*ck!” He was angry now. “Don’t be so arrogant! I also have sponsors!” 
He immediately posted a link to the live stream on his Facebook page and wrote: “Hey everyone! Those with money, please show some support! Those without, go away.” 
Most of Chester’s friends were wealthy people, and they usually gave tips worth a few thousand dollars for fun. 
After making the post, his score indeed started to rise. 
At this time, Justin was currently seated in his office in the Hunt Corporation’s office tower. 
Beside him, Pete was studying. 
He opened his Facebook page and immediately saw Chester’s post. 
Bored, he opened the link. 
He immediately heard a tender voice coming from the live stream: “Sponsor Grandpa, in order to thank you for giving me such big tips, I’ll tell you some trivia!”
###Chapter 69: Daddy Has Come!
Justin was taken aback when he heard the voice. It sounded vaguely familiar. However, when he lowered his head and saw his son beside him, he suppressed his doubts. 
Back in California, Pete had worn girls’ clothing from time to time as if he had a split personality. 
However, after they returned to New York, apart from the first day he went to practice martial arts at the Quinn School of Martial Arts where he had returned in a princess dress and became a little princess again, he had been normal the past few days. 
He must be too high-strung. Otherwise, why would he find the voice just now so similar to his son’s when he was having relapses previously? 
What was Chester doing, though? Why was there a child’s voice in his live stream? 
Justin’s deep-set eyes narrowed as he watched on sullenly. 
It took only a few seconds for him to figure out what was going on with the so-called ‘contest’. He let out a cold laugh right away. 
His younger brother sure was making a good showing. To think he was being suppressed by a nobody streamer. 
It wasn’t an issue as long as no one knew, but should there come a day where it became known that Chesty the game streamer was a Hunt, it would be a huge embarrassment to the family! 
At the thought, Justin immediately topped up $300,000 into his account. 
He was about to tip his younger brother when he suddenly heard the tender voice say,
“Do you know who discovered radium? It’s Johnny Depp!” 
Justin, “” 
His fingers instantly paused, and he felt a sense of familiarity welling up in him. 
He impulsively entered the live stream hosted by ‘sweetcherry’. 
The screen showed both streamers facing off, but neither of their cameras was turned on. Instead, they were streaming their gameplay. In a crisp and clear voice, the little girl said, “Sponsor Grandpa, I didn’t get it wrong. I have a really awesome memory, yeah! If you don’t believe me, I can tell you more!” 
“Do you know the famous playwright who wrote Romeo and Juliet? It’s Chris Hemsworth!” 
“…” 
These insignificant trivia whose answers were all handsome actors and celebrities… Why did they sound so familiar? 
Justin couldn’t help but glance at Pete again. 
He coughed and cast his eyes down, but an inexplicable sense of intimacy suddenly surged up in him. 
He had always been a loner since he was a child. He didn’t have many friends and on top of that, there was a lot of scheming and trickery among his relatives. Even his grandfather had tricked him right before his death… 
Therefore, there were times when he felt lonely, too. 
Pete was a boy, so he had always taught him to be independent and self-reliant since he was a baby.
He hadn’t liked the Pete who wore a princess dress, but to be honest, when he grasped his big hand with his soft little hands and looked at him with those big, damp, and innocent eyes of his, his heart had felt as if it were soaking in a hot spring. 
Sometimes, he couldn’t help but wonder—how nice would it be if he really had a daughter? 
“Aren’t I clever, yeah? I see everyone in the comments laughing. Is it because I’m so smart? But why isn’t anyone tipping me?” 
“…” 
With a flick of his fingers, Justin immediately sent out a tip worth 9,999 airplanes, which was the most expensive virtual gift purchasable. 
Cherry immediately exclaimed “I must have done really well! Someone has tipped me again!” 
She didn’t know how much money that was at all, but she nevertheless said in a rather troubled manner, “But it’s only because Mommy’s Daddy is a very bad man that I got her a Sponsor Daddy. I can’t have two at the same time! I can only choose one to be my Sponsor Grandpa.” 
As soon as she said that, another account also gave her a tip worth 9,999 airplanes! 
Cherry shouted, “Sponsor Grandpa! Love you!” 
Justin opened the list of fans and found that the top fan in sweetcherry’s fan list was a person named ‘Grandpa’. 
He sure knew how to take advantage of others. 
He let out a cold laugh and sent another 9,999 airplanes.
In other words, he had given her a tip of $150,000 right away. 
Troubled, Cherry lowered her voice and asked Chester seriously, “Chesty, who should I call Sponsor Grandpa?” 
Seeing that his points that had just increased greatly were firmly suppressed again, Chester entered her live stream huffily and said, “Let me see who’s the bastard that actually tipped you $300,000 straightaway…” 
As he spoke, he opened her fan list. 
As user accounts of the live stream platform were linked to their Facebook profiles, the users’ Facebook profile pictures would also show in the live-stream platform. At the sight of that familiar profile picture on Cherry’s fan list, the words at the tip of Chester’s tongue changed and he stuttered, “J-J-Justin?” 
Cherry immediately understood what he meant and she exclaimed softly, “Daddy?!” 
Justin, “” 
Cherry’s voice immediately became excited, though she also did an obvious turnaround and added, “I meant Sponsor Daddy!” 
Justin, “!!” 
That familiar voice and way of speech… He turned and looked at Pete, who was next to him, again. 
Pete, “” 
The tyrant was using his cell phone and also had earphones on, but he kept glancing at him from time to time. A resigned Pete raised the book in his hand and said, “I really am reading.” 
Justin kept quiet. Then, he nodded and continued to watch the live stream.
Everyone in the comments was laughing at the streamer. She had said just now that she wouldn’t call anyone ‘Sponsor Daddy’, but a moment later, she had given in for the sake of tips! 
Not only did she have a Sponsor Grandpa, but she also had a Sponsor Daddy now! 
Justin’s eyes darkened slightly. His expression turned cold and even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to be giving off an icy chill. 
Little did he think that he, who had always been hard-hearted, would actually fall for a nobody streamer’s charms. 
He was about to close the live stream when the tender voice said, “Sponsor Daddy, do you wanna watch me play games? I’m super good at it, yeah! I’m even better at games than trivia knowledge!” 
“…” 
His fingers suddenly paused and he started to watch her play just like that. 
The streamer sounded like she was only five or six years old. Her voice was soft and tender, and she liked to play as a particular female hero in the game. 
The hero was a very cute little girl who carried a huge cannon. However, not only did she diss people mercilessly in the game, but she also had a lot of firepower. 
Before he knew it, he had spent an hour and a half watching the live stream. 
This continued until… 
“Sponsor Grandpa, Daddy. I’m going offline. By the way, what are you having for lunch today? We’re gonna have beef steak! That’s my favorite food, yeah!”
At some point, she no longer addressed Justin as ‘Sponsor Daddy’ but just ‘Daddy’. 
It was only after the live stream ended that Justin finally came back to his senses. 
He couldn’t help looking at Pete again. 
An expressionless Pete looked back at him. 
Justin kept quiet for a while. Then, he said, “Pete, say ‘Daddy’.” 
The way that little streamer kept calling him ‘Daddy’ was so adorable that even his heart had softened. Were all children that cute? 
Pete pursed his lips. His little face was serious as he looked at him. After contemplating for a while, he asked, “Daddy, have you seen the doctor?” 
“…” 
Justin also felt that he was acting rather ridiculously. He stood up and said, “Let’s go home for lunch.” 
When the two returned home, the nanny brought out plates of piping hot food. 
Chester automatically sat at the dining table. 
Justin suddenly looked at him and asked, “Who’s that kid you were doing a live-stream with today?” 
Chester’s fork-holding hand stopped moving and he froze all over.
###Chapter 70: I Already Have A Spot
Chapter 70: I Already Have A Spot 
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios 
Chester grew up with Justin, so his elder brother had always inspired awe and respect in him as though he was his father. 
Therefore, he actually felt very guilty about hiding the truth from Justin. 
If Justin didn’t ask, he wouldn’t say anything. But now that he had, he mustn’t lie! 
As such, he stammered, “I-it’s your daughter…” 
His daughter? Well, the little streamer had called him Daddy for two hours, but he was indeed her true blue Sponsor Daddy. 
At this time, a calm voice reached them. “What live stream are you talking about?” 
Pete sat with his back straight. Although his voice still had a childish quality to it, it nevertheless gave off a calm and steady feeling. 
Chester replied, “My team leader in the game hosted a live stream today…” 
Justin snorted coldly. “You’re actually acknowledging a five or six-year-old girl as your leader? How promising of you.” 
Pete, “…” 
Uncle Chester’s team leader in the game was Cherry.
He stilled his expression and started spouting nonsense with a straight face. “Uncle Chester, you must have been tricked. A lot of people use voice changers these days.” 
Chester, “?” 
However, Justin said, “It didn’t sound like she was using a voice changer.” 
He didn’t dwell on these, though. Instead, after casting a glance at Chester, he asked dispassionately, “Are you intending to play games for the rest of your life?” 
Chester shook his head. “Actually, I want to be a professional e-sports player and start my own team, but I don’t have that much money. I—” 
“Is eight million enough?” Justin’s voice was cool and crisp as he casually cut a piece of his steak. 
Chester was stunned. 
As he looked at Justin, his eyes suddenly reddened. It was just like back when he was still a child. When he said that he didn’t want to study, no one in the family had supported him. Everyone had called him a good-for-nothing. Justin was the only one who had asked, “Then what do you want to do?” 
Justin had always respected his dreams. 
Chester lowered his head. His voice sounded a little choked as he replied, “Yes.” 
“Well, I think that little girl has a bright future ahead of her,” Justin said, “You can recruit her into your team.” 
Chester, “?” 
All his emotions from just now evaporated in an instant.
If Justin knew that was his daughter, he probably wouldn’t think so anymore! 
He stammered, “Justin, you s-seem to like my team leader quite a bit?” 
“She’s fine, I suppose.” 
Justin speared another piece of steak and said, “This tastes pretty good.” 
“…” 
At the Smiths. 
Before one knew it, it was already noon. Joel entered the room and saw Ian staring at the screen of the live stream that had already ended. 
After a moment’s hesitation, he asked, “Is there anything you would like for lunch today, Uncle Ian?” 
He had initially thought that he wouldn’t have any appetite as usual and would just patronize him a little, but unexpectedly, Ian actually answered, “Steak, I suppose.” 
Joel was taken aback. 
His uncle hadn’t had meat for several years. Because he had lost all will to live, he had lost interest in everything, including eating. 
What had happened? 
Joel couldn’t figure it out, so he simply decided not to think about it anymore. It was fine as long as Uncle Ian was willing to eat! 
… 
“Mmm!”
Cherry put a piece of steak into her mouth, which was stuffed so full that her cheeks were bulging. Her lips were all greasy and her big black eyes were filled with a rich sense of contentment. Her speech was unclear as she said, “This ish delicious!” 
Her adorable appearance gave Melissa, who had cooked the meal, a sense of satisfaction. She patted her on the head and said, “If Cherry likes it, Grand-aunt Melissa will make some for you again!” 
“Okie!” 
Cherry nodded repeatedly as she dished out compliments generously. “Not only is Grand-aunt Melissa pretty, but she’s also kind and a great cook! Aunt Sheril is so blessed to have a mommy like you!” 
As soon as she said that, she spied Nora coming downstairs. Cherry blinked and added, “But my Mommy’s also super awesome!” 
Nora raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Which part of me do you think is awesome?” 
Cherry thought hard for a while. Then, she tilted her head and answered, “You’re awesome at sleeping!” 
“…” 
Nora decided not to hold it against the little fellow. After stretching and yawning, she walked over, took a seat, and finished her meal in just a few bites. 
There was a rare guest at the table today—Logan Anderson. 
He ate slowly and gracefully. When he saw Nora wolfing down her food, he inadvertently curled his lip. 
The way his cousin ate as if she had never eaten anything in her life before…
He lowered his beautiful almond-shaped eyes. However, there wasn’t any disdain in his eyes but just a thoughtful look. 
After lunch, Nora went upstairs and packed Cherry’s school bag for her. By the time she went back down, Cherry was also almost done with her lunch. 
At the sight of the schoolbag in her hands, a dazed Melissa asked, “Where are you going, Nora?” 
Nora replied, “For an interview.” 
“At the International Golden Sunshine Kindergarten?” 
“Yeah.” 
Melissa said apologetically, “But we don’t have any interview spots. Give me some time; I’ve already asked my family about it, though they haven’t given me any answer yet…” 
As soon as she said that, the piercing sound of the chair dragging against the floor rang out. 
Logan stood up abruptly. “Mom, did you go back to the Woods and let them bully you again?” 
As though she was afraid that Nora would realize something, Melissa frowned at Logan and said, “Logan, shut up!” 
Logan snorted. “Mom, have you forgotten what you told Sheril and me in the past? Does attending that kindergarten even bring any meaning?” 
Melissa had never been one to care about superficial formalities like that. 
When Sheril and Logan didn’t get places for the interview to enroll in the kindergarten, she had told the two children, “Enrolling into the kindergarten doesn’t make one noble. What gives you a noble character
is when you value and respect yourselves.” 
Melissa, however, frowned. 
She grabbed Logan, lowered her voice, and said, “Nora is different from the two of you! She grew up elsewhere. If Cherry can’t even attend that kindergarten, I’m worried that Nora won’t be able to hold her head up high in the circle in the future!” 
Logan understood all of this. 
But the moment he thought of his elegant and graceful mother returning to the Woods to be mistreated by others… 
He said in an unruly manner, “Do you really think she can enroll Cherry into the kindergarten even if she has a recommendation letter? There’s no way she’ll pass the interview!” 
Melissa patted him on the shoulder and said, “That’s why I got you back here. I want you to take them there and accompany Nora for the interview.” 
Logan was stunned. 
He clenched his jaw. His features, which were similar to Nora’s, carried an air of unruliness and defiance. He said, “But the Woods haven’t sent the recommendation letter yet!” 
Melissa sighed. She knew that her sister-in-law must be making things difficult for her again. She said, “I’ll call them and urge them.” 
Rather than saying she was ‘urging’ them… It was actually probably more like she was begging them instead. 
Logan’s expression turned even colder. It was at this moment that the two of them heard a cool and indifferent voice: “You don’t have to beg them for one. I already have an interview spot.”
Taken aback, Melissa looked at Nora and asked, “How did you get the spot, Nora?” 
Nora was about to give her a simple explanation when her cell phone rang. 
When she picked up, she heard the voice of Lisa, her cousin in California, reaching her through the phone. She said, “Nora, I suspect you aren’t Uncle Henry’s daughter at all!”
###Chapter 71 – The Hidden Big Boss of The Ande
Chapter 71: The Hidden Big Boss of The Andersons 
Nora’s cat-like eyes flickered when she heard her. Then, she raised an eyebrow and asked, “Why do you say that?” 
By then, Lisa had already continued to speak angrily. Even so, her voice still sounded tender as she said, “Uncle Henry heard that I’m going to New York for my internship, so he came to our house today and told my mother and me to approach you for money! He even said that he won’t make life easy for you if you refuse! Is there anyone who would treat their daughter like that?” 
Nora chuckled softly and asked, “Are you coming to New York?” 
Lisa sounded disappointed as she said, “Yeah… Both Angela and I are going to New York. I’m… going for an internship while she’s applying for a postgraduate position at the New York Medical College. The reason why I’m calling is to tell you this.” 
She was probably worried that Angela would give her trouble after she came to New York. 
Nora didn’t take it seriously, though. Instead, she asked, “Do you need me to arrange accommodation for you?” 
“No, it’s alright. I’ve already made a hotel room reservation.” 
Nora didn’t insist. “Okay.” 
It was almost time for the interview, so she didn’t say anything else after telling her to look for her if she met with any trouble. After hanging up, her expression turned chilly. Her eyes were downcast and her emotions unreadable.
Henry had probably treated her badly because of her stepmother marrying into the family, as well as the fact that she had gradually gained weight, so it was embarrassing to bring her around, right? 
However, Lisa’s “I suspect you aren’t Uncle Henry’s daughter” couldn’t help but keep echoing in her mind. 
It seemed like she should find an opportunity to do a DNA test soon. 
Logan walked up to her. He was wearing a set of black sportswear and white limited edition sneakers, and his short hair was tousled. He glared at her with his cat-like eyes that were so similar to hers and asked impatiently, “Are you coming or not?” 
Nora took Cherry’s hand and followed behind him leisurely. She dragged her feet lazily when she walked, giving off the feeling that she was a very sloppy person. 
When the two reached the garage, she found a flashy yellow sports car parked there—it was actually a Ferrari! 
Nora raised her eyebrows and subconsciously let out a whistle. 
During the past few days at the Andersons, she had already figured out their financial situation. 
The Andersons had already fallen into decline during the last two decades. Harmonia Pharmacy’s monthly sales volume fluctuated around 1.5 million dollars. To large enterprises that dealt with funds amounting to as much as dozens or hundreds of millions of dollars, it indeed was lacking. 
The market value of most of the cars that the Andersons owned also ranged from $300,000 to $500,000. 
However, Logan’s sports car was a limited edition. The value of the car was enough for one to buy a villa.
Neither Simon nor Melissa were people who overindulged their children, so they certainly couldn’t be the ones who had bought the Ferrari. Besides, neither could the Andersons afford it, either… 
Therefore, this unassuming cousin of hers must be the true hidden big boss of the Andersons, right? 
“It’s so cool!” 
Cherry circled the sports car. She touched the headlights with her little hand, turned to look at Nora, and said, “Mommy, I also wanna buy a sports car when I grow up! I want a pink one!” 
Nora smiled and casually replied, “Sure.” 
When Logan saw how both mother and daughter had the guts to say what they did, he couldn’t help but scoff. 
He slid into the driver’s seat suavely and said, “Come on in.” 
Nora felt a little speechless. “… Are you taking us there in this car?” 
Logan frowned impatiently and said, “Just get in if I tell you to. What’s all that superfluous nonsense for?” 
If he didn’t drive them there in this car, how was she going to suppress those people in the kindergarten? 
The car was exactly why Melissa had summoned him back home. 
It was his precious treasure. 
Even Sheril wasn’t allowed to sit in it usually. 
He turned to see that both Nora and Cherry had taken a step back. They said in unison:
“No way!” 
“No way, yeah!” 
Logan raised his chin slightly. The two of them had a pretty good eye for things, huh. 
Indeed, not just anyone was qualified enough to sit in this car’s passenger seat. It was understandable why they would be nervous or scared. 
However, since his mother had made the request, he wasn’t such a petty person, either. He was about to say something when Nora said, “This car is too ugly!” 
A soft and tender Cherry agreed. “Mommy’s right! Cherry hates poop-yellow, yeah!” 
Logan was bewildered. 
What the heck was ‘poop-yellow’?! 
He was about to speak when Nora took Cherry’s hand and got into the back seat of a Mercedes Benz. Cherry opened the car window and waved her chubby little arm as she called out, “Handsome Uncle Logan, come and drive this instead!” 
Logan, “!!” 
Those two practically couldn’t recognize something good when it was placed right in front of them! 
His heart had initially been aching at the thought of someone sitting in Little Yellow, but now that they weren’t getting into the car anymore, it just so happened to be exactly what he wanted. 
In any case, no matter what car they went there in, they would still fail the kindergarten entrance interview anyway.
Back then, Melissa had been well-known in New York as a lady of talent. Even so, she had failed the interview due to her family background. 
Logan got out of the sports car and walked over to the Mercedes. As he opened the car door to the driver’s seat, he said, “You made the decision yourself. You’d best not complain that I didn’t try making you guys look good!” 
Nora found this cousin of hers rather stuck-up in a cute way. She rubbed her chin and stared at Logan. 
Going by how old he and Sheril were, they likely just graduated from college. Sheril didn’t come home often because she was always at the pharmaceutical laboratory. What was Logan doing, then? 
Logan felt a little uncomfortable. He hopped into the car, closed the door, and said, “What are you looking at? Have you never seen a handsome guy before?” 
Nora looked up a little at the Ferrari. Suddenly, she asked, “Are you into racing?” 
At the mention of racing, Logan’s eyes lit up. 
He started the car and drove out. “Yeah.” 
Cherry’s eyes widened and she said, “Uncle Logan, Mommy and I like racing, too! Can you take Cherry and Mommy with you when you’re participating in a race next time?” 
Logan subconsciously wanted to refuse. 
Sheril had also begged him to take her to one before, but he had refused. These two, though… He glanced at Nora through the rearview mirror and saw that she was leaning against the seat, seemingly asleep. 
Then, he thought of how hungry she had looked when she was eating…
The attitude his mom held toward them was also as if she was afraid that the two of them would be looked down upon, thereby hurting their self-esteem. 
It wasn’t like he couldn’t take them there and let them have a look anyway. 
The words at the tip of Logan’s tongue ended up becoming “Okay.” 
Then, he heard Cherry exclaim, “Wow! All those men who drive racing cars are very handsome! They also wear super nice clothes!” 
Logan was rendered speechless. 
Why did it feel like they weren’t going there to broaden their horizons but to check out hunks? 
Cherry asked excitedly, “Uncle Logan, what’s your placing in the race?” 
The corners of Logan’s lips curled slightly as he replied, “First place.” 
He spoke neither arrogantly nor impetuously but with strong self-confidence instead. 
Cherry clapped and said, “You’re amazing, Uncle Logan!” 
This was a subject that interested Logan after all. Thus, he ended up talking a little more than usual. He said, “My achievements are nothing. The international racer Yanci is the one who’s truly impressive. He’s my idol!” 
Cherry glanced at Mommy when she heard what he said. Then, she whispered, “Uncle Logan, I’ll tell you a secret. Do you know who Yanci is?”
###Chapter 72: Exempted From The Interview!
Chapter 72: Exempted From The Interview! 
Logan raised his eyebrows. “Tsk, you make it sound like you’ve seen him before.” 
Cherry grinned and said, “Yanci is—” 
“Cherry.” 
A warning reached Cherry and the words ‘my Mommy’ did a U-turn in her mouth and went back down her throat. In the end, she said weakly, “I’m not allowed to tell anyone.” 
Logan was rendered speechless. 
His lip corners spasmed and he couldn’t help but think the kid must be bragging. 
Never mind, life was already hard for them. He wouldn’t expose her little lies. 
Since they didn’t want to embarrass themselves, he would stop talking about it. 
The kindergarten was very close to the Andersons’ residence, so it took only ten minutes by car for them to reach. 
It certainly lived up to its name of being the top kindergarten in New York. The International Golden Sunshine Kindergarten was like a palace, and the exterior looked magnificent and high-end. 
There were parents there who had come early and were waiting to pick up their children. The cars they drove were either worth millions or were ordinary cars with flashy license plates.
When their jeep stopped at the kindergarten, sure enough, the security guard frowned and asked, “What’s the purpose of your visit?” 
Logan took a deep breath and replied, “We’re here for an interview.” 
The security guard wore an expensive-looking uniform. He said gruffly, “You can’t drive the car in, so enter on foot instead.” 
Logan parked the car at the roadside. As soon as they got off the car, they saw the security guard eagerly letting a Rolls-Royce Phantom in. 
“…” 
Logan’s expression darkened. The slim young man was half a head taller than Nora. He lowered his head slightly and said a little unhappily, “Did you see that? Sometimes, a car is a status symbol itself.” 
However, the young woman instead took Cherry’s hand and walked ahead as if she was taking a stroll, seemingly unaffected. 
Nora scrutinized the kindergarten. 
Although the security guard was judging people by the cars they drove, after one entered the premises, one would realize that the kindergarten had been designed very fastidiously with every detail highly exquisite. In terms of their facilities, they passed with flying colors. 
Next to her, a displeased Logan complained, “A place where even the security guards are so judgmental isn’t suitable for children at all, much less for your daughter! You don’t have to prove yourself this way! There are many outstanding people in our circle who didn’t attend this kindergarten!” 
Nora knew that Logan was right.
In a place like this where the students were wealthy or of noble background, the children competed more with their family backgrounds instead, so they must already have been classified into different social classes in the school. 
While a place like this didn’t suit ordinary children, it suited Cherry very well. 
Cherry had a high IQ and was someone who couldn’t sit still. She was fickle and lost interest in things very quickly. On top of that, she was quick-witted and always found various excuses not to study when she was at home. 
It was likely that only stimulation provided by an environment like this would be able to make her focus. 
After all, she couldn’t really let Cherry play games for her entire lifetime, right? 
When Logan saw that the young woman didn’t seem to have any intention of changing her mind despite him wording it so clearly, the usually reticent man simply decided not to say any more. 
However, he let out a snort inwardly. 
Did she really think she could enroll her daughter into the school just because she got an interview spot? 
The two went all the way from the security guard post to the kindergarten’s main building. The more Nora saw, the more satisfied she became. Before they entered the interview room, she squatted down, looked at Cherry, and said, “Cherry, if you can stay here for the full duration of three months without revealing your identity or using your family’s power, Mommy will agree to a request of yours. Can you do it?” 
A request… 
Cherry’s eyes lit up. She nodded and said, “Yes, Okie-Dokie!” 
This way, she would be able to have Mommy agree to live with Daddy! 
After they came to New York, things were different from when they were staying in a hotel in California. It wasn’t convenient for her to switch places with her brother anymore! 
Next to them, Logan scoffed softly. 
‘Without revealing your identity’…? Indeed, they mustn’t reveal the fact that she is the child of a woman not from around these parts, lest the other children look down on her. 
‘Without using your family’s power’…? The Andersons couldn’t even get an interview spot. What was there for them to make use of? 
How exactly did that woman bring herself to say such grandiose things? 
Those who didn’t know any better would have thought that Cherry was a Hunt or a Smith! 
Light flickered in his cat-like eyes that resembled Nora’s and he gave them a reminder. “It’s time for the interview.” 
The three of them entered the principal’s office together. 
Logan frowned and subconsciously straightened his back when he thought of the intense barrage of questions he had experienced when his mother had brought him and Sheril for an interview back then. 
However, what happened next was… 
“This is Cheryl Smith’s school uniform. You can bring her here for classes tomorrow. Do remember not to be late.” 
After the polite exchange, the principal personally sent them out and said, “Miss Smith, I’ll see you off.”
“No, it’s fine.” 
After Nora’s calm reply, she left the office with Cherry and Logan, who was feeling a little giddy. 
After the three of them left, someone asked, “Sir, who’s that? To think they’re exempted from even the interview!” 
The principal shook his head and replied, “The bigwigs specially called to leave instructions, and also said that they’re their friends. I didn’t dare ask about the specifics.” 
Logan frowned the whole way home. 
Even after he got home, he still felt like he was dreaming. 
Nora held Cherry’s hand and entered the living room. As soon as she did, she heard two people inside talking. One of them had a very high-pitched voice and she sounded a little arrogant. She said, “Why didn’t you wait for me, Melissa? I was only an hour and a half late, that’s all. Don’t you even have that bit of patience when you’re asking for help to enroll in a good school?” 
Melissa forced a smile and replied, “Sorry about that, Miranda. Nora said that she’s already gotten an interview spot through someone else’s help.” 
Nora, Logan, and Cherry entered the living room while the two of them were talking. 
Melissa’s sister-in-law was a woman of about fifty years old. Her name was Miranda Wood, and she was Melissa’s elder brother’s wife. A glance at her dressing and demeanor was enough for one to know that she was a wealthy housewife. Her chin was currently raised slightly as she scanned the people who just entered. 
Nora was expressionless, so it was hard to tell whether she was happy or sad.
However, Logan, who had followed her in, didn’t look so good. This made Melissa sigh inwardly. She stood up, walked over, and said, “It’s okay. We can still look at other kindergartens.” 
Miranda came over. She sounded gloating as she said, “That kindergarten’s interview questions actually differ depending on who the interviewee is! For families like mine, the interview is just a procedure. Most of the students are excellent children selected from average families…” 
After saying that, she smiled and went on. “Oops, when I say ‘average families’, I don’t really mean actual average families but mid-tier wealthy families. Those who have fallen into decline aren’t counted because they won’t even get any interview spots…” 
She was obviously insinuating things about the Andersons. 
Melissa’s grip on her handkerchief tightened slightly, and even the smile on her face became somewhat forced. 
Miranda smirked and looked at Nora. With a huge sense of superiority, she said, “It’s normal that you failed the interview. After all, it’s not just anyone who can get in even if they have a letter of recommendation.” 
As soon as she said that, Cherry looked up and said adorably, “Huh? Are there people who need to go through interviews?” 
Miranda was taken aback. “What do you mean?”
###Chapter 73: Hello, Miss Smith
Chapter 73: Hello, Miss Smith 
Logan hadn’t said a word since they left the kindergarten. 
He simply couldn’t figure out why they hadn’t gone through an interview. 
When Miranda was speaking just now, the look in his eyes had turned cold. His cat-like eyes were slightly downcast, his long eyelashes hiding the chilly look in them. 
He was about to say something when Cherry’s childish tender voice rang out. At once, the corners of Logan’s lips curled upward. 
When he saw Miranda’s smug smile freeze, he felt even happier. 
At her question, Logan raised his good-looking and delicate eyebrows and replied, “We didn’t go through an interview.” 
“You didn’t?” Miranda quickly reacted and said, “It must be because the recommendation letter you got from someone else didn’t work, right? Well, that makes sense. After all, where is your cousin going to get a recommendation letter from when even the Andersons can’t get an interview spot?” 
She turned around, took out a piece of paper from her bag, and handed it to Melissa with one hand. “Here you go, this is the Woods’ recommendation letter. Just go to the interview again tomorrow and it’ll be fine.” 
Melissa reached out to take the letter with a look of gratitude. She said, “Miranda, thank yo—”
Before she could touch the recommendation letter, Miranda’s grip loosened and the piece of paper dropped onto the floor. 
Miranda immediately covered her mouth and exclaimed, “Oh dear, would you look at that, Melissa! Why did my hand let go in advance? I’ll have to trouble you to pick it up.” 
After speaking, she sat on the sofa, crossed her legs, straightened her back, and looked at Melissa with a huge sense of superiority. 
The Woods were a big family. Over the years, thanks to them clinging on to the Smiths, they were starting to do better and better. 
Back then, Miranda and Melissa were both members of the wealthy circle. Melissa and Yvette were well- known while Miranda was just an ordinary person looking up to them. 
The men she liked back then had all revolved around those two women… 
But later on, Yvette eloped and ruined her own reputation. 
As for Melissa, she was blind enough to fall in love with a man as incompetent as Simon and had disregarded her family’s ions and married him. 
On the other hand, Miranda had married Melissa’s elder brother and became the mistress of the Woods. 
Miranda was very smug about it. What she loved doing most was watching the person who had once been high up in the air, and whom she had needed to look up to, begging her for help. 
Melissa stood there, her hand still stretched out. 
She clenched her fingers. She knew very well that Miranda had done it on purpose. Her pride also refused to let her bend over. But when she glanced at Nora…
The young woman was cool and distant. Beautiful and gracious, she bore an 80% resemblance to Yvette. 
Her eyes, in particular, were exactly the same as Logan’s. 
However, that young woman had never had a mother. Her father disliked her, her stepmother abused her, and she had even become pregnant before marriage. How could her heart possibly not ache for a young woman like that? 
Melissa retracted her gaze and sighed. She was about to squat and pick up the letter when a fair and slender hand held her wrist. 
The young woman’s voice was cool as she said, “We don’t have any use for that recommendation letter.” 
The seated Miranda was surprised. “Why is that?” 
Logan bent over, picked up the recommendation letter on the floor, and flung it right at Miranda’s face. With an awful look on his face, he said stiffly, “Aunt Miranda, you can have the recommendation letter back! That woman… I mean Nora’s daughter has been accepted without an interview.” 
Miranda was originally very angry when Logan flung the recommendation letter onto her face, but upon hearing what he said, she exclaimed sharply, “She was exempted from the interview? How can that be?! In all of New York, apart from the Hunts and the Smiths, the number of families eligible for exemption can be counted on one hand! Who did you ask for a recommendation letter?” 
Logan also looked at her curiously. 
Nora’s indifferent gaze swept across Miranda. Then… She let out a big yawn. 
Miranda, “…”
After a moment’s hesitation, Melissa asked, “Did you ask Justin to give them a heads-up for you?” 
Out of all the families that Nora was acquainted with, the only one who she could think of with that sort of capability was Justin Hunt. 
Nora clicked her tongue inwardly at her question. 
Of course not. 
Getting someone to do things for oneself was the same as using up favors. 
She wasn’t going to let him return the favor of saving his grandmother and giving him the Carefree Pills so quickly. She was waiting for him to owe her enough favors so that she could ask for her son back in the future! 
She had merely talked to the kindergarten’s shareholders, that’s all. 
However, since her aunt had provided an explanation, she couldn’t be bothered to say any more. 
She gave Melissa a small smile as a response to her guess. Then, she took Cherry’s hand lazily and went upstairs. 
Starting the next day, Cherry would have to report to school at eight in the morning. 
She had to get up at 7:40 am to see her off, so she had to have an early night tonight. 
Seeing that the two of them had gone upstairs, Miranda frowned, looked at Melissa, and asked in a low voice, “Who exactly is your niece? How did she get to know Mr. Hunt?” 
The few big families in New York were acquainted with one another ever since a few generations ago, so they all knew one another.
Even so, no one had the guts to trouble Justin with trivial matters. 
Seeing how Miranda was always looking down upon others, Melissa decided to give her a vague answer and replied, “They met in California.” 
This way, Miranda, who was sycophantic toward those in power and bullied those who weren’t, wouldn’t dare to be rude to Nora anymore if they met again in the future. 
Seeing that Melissa was disinclined to say more, as well as when she thought of that young lady who was so beautiful that her face was an eyesore to her; Miranda didn’t say much anymore. 
After Miranda left, a worried Melissa discussed the matter with Logan. “Actually, Nora has given Justin 5,000 Carefree Pills, but he was also already intending to help us out back then… Never mind, maybe I’ll call him and thank him again.” 
Melissa and Simon were Justin’s elders, so he had treated them very politely in California. Due to his good upbringing, he was a very polite man. 
However, Melissa also understood that this was primarily based on the friendship between those of the previous generation. To be honest, given his status, it would actually make more sense if he ignored them instead. 
Upstairs. 
Nora washed her hands and changed into her pajamas. She had only just laid down on the soft mattress when she received a call from Justin. 
She picked up the call. “Hello, Mr. Hunt.” 
His voice rang in her ear. “Hello, Miss Smith.”
Nora had heard many people addressing her as ‘Miss Smith’ before, but when his low, subwoofer-like voice uttered the two words, coupled with his clear pronunciation, there was actually a different kind of charm to it. 
It made Nora feel like hearing him say a few more words. 
She chuckled and asked, “Is something up?” 
The man continued to speak seriously. “Oh, Aunt Melissa called just now to say that she wanted to invite me to lunch as thanks for giving you the recommendation letter for Golden Sunshine Kindergarten.” 
“…” 
Nora felt a faint headache coming on. 
This was so awkward that she wanted to die! 
She opened her eyes and looked at the ceiling in resignation. Just as she was thinking about how she could gloss the incident over, the man’s low voice rang out in the cell phone again. “May I know when Miss Smith is planning to invite me to lunch?” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
She turned over on the bed and said, “Well, there’s no time like the present. How about noon tomorrow?” 
“Okay.” After Justin finished speaking, he added, “Bring your daughter along.” 
“Sure.” Nora’s lips curled up mischievously and she said, “You bring your son, too.”
###Chapter 74: How Did She Get Pregnant Back Then?
Chapter 74: How Did She Get Pregnant Back Then? 
The two settled on a time and place. 
When she hung up, Cherry ran in. She stared at her all wide-eyed and asked, “Mommy, are you really taking me to have lunch with Daddy tomorrow?” 
Nora rubbed her head and said calmly, “You have classes tomorrow, so how am I going to take you out for lunch?” 
“…” Cherry hung her head dejectedly. “I knew it!” 
A mischievous look flashed across Nora’s eyes. 
Pete went to the Quinn School of Martial Arts every Tuesday and Friday. Apart from those two days, he spent the rest of the time studying at home. She hadn’t seen her son for three days. 
The next day, Nora sent Cherry to the kindergarten. 
She stopped the car at the roadside as usual. Then, she took Cherry’s hand and led her to the door where a teacher was waiting. 
Cherry was wearing a school uniform that the kindergarten had custom-made and carrying a big schoolbag. She looked extremely adorable. 
The teacher greeted them. “Are you Cheryl Smith? You’re in Class A. I’m your teacher. Shall I bring you in?” 
Cherry was about to run in when Nora held her shoulder. Nora said, “I’ll say a few words to her first, Miss.”
The teacher nodded. She was already accustomed to this. 
Parents were generally reluctant to part with their children the first time they sent them to kindergarten, and would say things like “Tell the teacher if someone bullies you”, “Don’t cry. Mommy will pick you up on time”, and so on. 
The thought had only just formed when she saw the woman in front of her coolly instruct, “Don’t bully the kids, don’t pretend to cry, and don’t bully the teachers. Do you hear me?” 
The teacher was bewildered. 
When she looked again, the little girl, who was happy and excited just now, had straightened her back. She grinned and said, “Cherry will take good care of the teachers and the other kiddies, Mommy. Don’t worry!” 
The teacher felt a chill go down her back. Suddenly, she wondered to herself, ‘What if that newly-enrolled little girl’s no little princess but a little devil instead?’ 
Nora watched as Cherry, whose hand the teacher was holding, hopped and skipped into the kindergarten. Before they even went through the school building’s entrance, Cherry said something which made the teacher laugh. She picked her up straight away and brought her to the classroom. 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
The little fellow sure was capable of getting along with everyone. 
After dropping her child off, a relaxed Nora stretched and looked at the time. When she saw that it was still early, she decided to go back home and take a nap. 
At 11 am, she finally woke up lazily and got ready to head to the restaurant where she was meeting Justin.
Before she left, Melissa stopped her and said, “There’s a dance party in a few days, Nora. I’m thinking of taking you there to meet more people…” 
Nora answered casually, “Sure.” 
She left right after that. 
Melissa, however, looked hesitant. 
Simon asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Melissa sighed. “A lot of people will be attending the dance party. I’m afraid Nora doesn’t know how to dance…” 
Simon was a man, so he wasn’t concerned about as many things as her. He said, “Just don’t dance then. We’re just going there to socialize anyway.” 
Melissa stared at him speechlessly for a moment. If she didn’t dance at a dance party… Others would only think that Nora wasn’t fit to be seen in public! 
Besides, all the ladies of wealthy families were skilled at song and dance, and had no lack of talent. Nora was so pretty; there was no doubt that they would make things difficult for her there. 
Worried, she picked up the phone and said, “I’ll call Sheril’s dance teacher and have her give Nora a crash course! At the very least, she should master the waltz first.” 
— 
Justin had picked the restaurant. After all, New York was his turf.
After turning several corners in a small alley according to the address he gave her, Nora finally saw a courtyard. There was only a small sign at the entrance. 
If she hadn’t seen the house number, she would probably have never noticed that the place was a restaurant. 
The exterior was decorated with blue bricks while the interior was a whole different world on its own. 
Past the entrance was a pathway paved with tiles that exuded a rich classical flavor. There was a fountain at the front, and meticulously maintained bushes lined both sides, making it look like a garden in a palace. The decor was very exquisite. 
Nora followed the service staff into the private room. 
She had arrived ten minutes early, so she thought that there was no one inside yet. However, when she pushed the door open, she instead saw a tall figure seated at a table in the room. 
The man, whose long legs were crossed, wore a black suit. An elegant landscape painting was hanging on the wall behind him, and he was drinking from a coffee cup. 
The man didn’t appear to be out of place at all even in a room as full of classical flavor as this. 
His skin was fair, and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye was alluring and charming. It was as if he had merged with the decor around him, making him seem like a princely young man from olden times. 
At the sight of Nora, the man placed the coffee cup down gracefully. He glanced behind her before he gestured to the seat opposite him and motioned her to take a seat. He asked, “Where’s your daughter, Miss Smith?” 
“Oh, she has classes.” An unabashed Nora said without batting even an eyelid. She sat down across from him and asked, “Where’s your son, Mr. Hunt?”
There was a smile in Justin’s deep-set eyes as he said, “He has classes, too.” 
“…” 
Had she known her son wasn’t coming, she might as well have stayed home and slept! 
That scumbag! 
Nora dissed him silently. She picked up the coffee cup that was just served to her and took a sip. The coffee was very rich and fragrant—it was Geisha coffee. On top of that, it seemed like Hacienda La Esmeralda Geisha coffee? 
The coffee required unique cultivating conditions, and only a certain amount was grown every year. 
She didn’t think that a humble little restaurant like this would actually have it and even serve it to guests. 
Unfortunately, in her eyes, good food and good drinks weren’t as practical as a night’s sleep. 
Justin found himself amused at the sight of her finishing the coffee in one gulp as though someone didn’t know how to appreciate it. He asked dispassionately, “Miss Smith seems particularly concerned about my son?” 
Nora lowered her eyes and replied, “Yes. After all, Pete is smart, cute, and lovable.” 
Dim light flickered in Justin’s eyes when he heard her reply. 
The look in his dark eyes was unreadable. It was hard to tell whether he believed her or not. 
The service staff knocked on the door at this point and started to serve the food. 
The food portion was small but exquisite and varied.
To foodies, it was a great option. 
However, to Nora… This was too troublesome! 
A single dish wasn’t even enough to fill up her mouth. She could’ve filled her tummy with just a few bites, but in the end, she was forced to spend several times longer than usual to eat. 
She felt very frustrated. 
She could usually fill her tummy in two minutes, but ten minutes had already passed and yet she still wasn’t full. 
Nora glanced at the man—he was eating slowly and elegantly. She couldn’t help but think that he was doing this on purpose. 
Ah, well. 
She wasn’t really here to eat anyway. 
Nora suddenly spoke. She said, “It’s so boring, Mr. Hunt. Why don’t we play a game?” 
Justin asked, “What kind of game?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. She picked up a wine bottle from the side and replied, “Truth or dare.” 
She spun the bottle. 
Justin, however, reached out and pressed the bottle down gently. He looked at her with a faint smile in his eyes and said, “You can just ask whatever you want to, Miss Smith.” 
That woman sure was doing everything possible to get to know him better.
As soon as the thought formed, he heard the woman ask, “How did you and Pete’s mother come to have him, Mr. Hunt?”
###Chapter 75: A Stray Cat
Chapter 75: A Stray Cat 
How exactly had she gotten pregnant back then? 
Nora was really curious about this, so she looked at Justin eagerly, hoping that he could give her a logical answer. 
However, Justin’s smile gradually faded. 
Pete’s mother was something unmentionable to him. No one had ever dared to bring it up all these years. 
The moment he thought of all those things she did, he couldn’t help but wish he could find her and kill her! 
Yet when the person asking about it was the woman in front of him, for some reason, Justin actually found that he couldn’t get angry with her. 
She must be worried that Pete’s biological mother would suddenly appear and end up affecting their life together, right? 
Justin cast his deep-set eyes down slightly. Although his tone was mild, his choice of words was strong. “Don’t worry, I won’t allow Pete’s mother to show up in front of me and him again!” 
Nora fell silent when she sensed the acute frigidity bursting out of the man. 
Hello, she was already right in front of him, though?! 
Besides, what was he telling her not to worry about?
She decided to be blunter about it and asked, “What I want to ask is—was Pete conceived naturally?” 
“…” 
Why were her questions becoming more and more explicit? 
Something occurred to Justin and his ears gradually turned a little red. He put down his cutlery, took a sip of water, and chuckled softly. “Is Miss Smith concerned that I may have problems of a particular nature?” 
Nora was bewildered. 
“I’m a normal man.” 
Nora, “!!” 
She had only spent five years abroad, but she actually found that she didn’t understand English anymore! 
The woman in front of him widened her eyes as a look of surprise came over her palm-sized face. For some reason, this put Justin in a great mood. 
He felt a rare urge to tell her the secret hidden in the depths of his heart, but at the thought that it would damage his image, he suppressed the desire to talk and instead asked, “What kind of person is your daughter’s father?” 
“Huh?” Nora didn’t expect him to actually ask questions of his own. On top of that, he had even asked about something like that. 
Her slender fingers tapped against the table and she chuckled softly. “I’ll tell you if you answer my question.” 
Was she talking about whether Pete was naturally conceived or not?
Justin suddenly realized that perhaps what she was concerned about was whether he’d had relationships with other women instead. That was why she was pressing the issue. 
He pressed his lips together. With the beauty mark at the corner of his eye exuding a bit of a serious aura, he suddenly said, “If I say that I don’t know how Pete came about either, would you believe me?” 
He only recalled vaguely that he seemed to be missing a night’s memories… 
Dark light flickered in his eyes. He reckoned that probably no one would believe him even if he said so, right? 
Unexpectedly, the woman nodded seriously and replied, “I believe you.” 
Justin, “…” 
He suddenly felt a little warmth in his heart, as if a ray of sunshine had suddenly shone into a flower on the verge of blooming, making it slowly bloom. 
How could Nora possibly not believe him? 
The exact same thing had happened to her, too. 
Curiosity made her ask another question. “Since you don’t know what had happened, what if Pete’s mother is also innocent? You—” 
Before she could finish, Justin lowered his gaze and said, “She’s not worthy of being someone’s mother.” 
Nora’s words came to an abrupt end. 
The man’s tone was full of murderous intent.
As if he had thought of something, Justin said with a cold expression, “Let’s not talk about that vicious woman anymore.” 
He looked back up and changed the subject. “Can you tell me your story, Miss Smith?” 
“Oh.” Nora gently rested her chin on her hand. In a slightly husky voice, she said casually and calmly, “Cherry’s father… has a problem with his brain, so he’s an idiot. He goes on and on about fighting and killing people every day, and also thinks that every woman in the world is in love with him. Sigh!” 
Since he had called her a vicious woman, it wasn’t too much to curse him a little, right? 
It’s just tit-for-tat! 
Justin frowned. 
An idiot? 
He had always thought that her premarital pregnancy was because she had been young and foolish, and ended up being deceived. He asked, “Isn’t Miss Smith the best at resolving problems with the brain?” 
Nora waved. “He’s very ill. I can’t cure him.” 
Justin felt a little uncomfortable, yet he was also puzzled. “Why did you have a child with an idiot, then?” 
Nora, who was trying to suppress her laughter, glanced at him again. “Who knows? Maybe God thinks he shouldn’t be left heir-less?” 
Justin scoffed and said sarcastically, “You’re pretty much just doing charity with that. After all, apart from you, that idiot probably won’t be able to find any other woman for the rest of his lifetime.”
Tsk. 
He sure had a foul mouth. 
Nora looked at him with amusement. 
Seeing the woman’s smile, Justin suddenly realized something—what was the point of him taking an idiot so seriously? 
He picked up the cutlery and continued eating. 
Inwardly, however, he suddenly became very curious and he couldn’t help thinking, ‘I wonder what that idiot looks like?’ 
While he was eating, Nora, who simply found the whole affair very troublesome, said, “I’m full, Mr. Hunt. You—” 
“I’m not done yet.” 
“… Take your time to eat? I’ll leave first?” 
Justin, who continued to dine leisurely, said, “Is this how the Andersons treat someone to a meal, Miss Smith?” 
“…” 
Nora sat back down in silence. She realized that the man really was very particular about his meals. He ate the cold dishes first before going on to the warm ones and even drank a bit of water in between every once in a while. 
He carried himself elegantly and beautifully, much like a beast in human clothing.
When Nora, who had always felt that eating was a waste of time, calmed herself down, she couldn’t help but think, ‘So, the act of eating can actually be that beautiful?’ 
Two hours later, Justin finally put down his cutlery. 
Nora heaved a sigh of relief. When she asked for the bill, the service staff said, “Mr. Hunt has already paid.” 
Taken aback, Nora looked at him. 
There was a small smile on Justin’s handsome countenance. He said, “It’s my treat this time. You can treat me next time.” 
“Alright, then.” 
She stood up together with him and followed him out of the private room. It was only after they left the restaurant that Nora finally realized what he had said just now. 
What the f*ck? 
This meal alone was already torturous enough; were they going to do this again? 
That scumbag! He was trying to waste her time, wasn’t he? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a couple of times. The two of them reached the underground car park. When Nora pressed the car key, the big black jeep lit up. She was about to walk over when she realized that Justin had walked over one step ahead of her. 
What was he doing? Didn’t he drive here? 
She was just thinking about it when Justin actually walked over to where the driver’s seat was, opened the door for her, and gestured politely for her to get in.
“…” 
The light in the car park was a little dim, yet when the man stood there, it was as if all the light was shining on him. His actions were gentlemanly and thoughtful. “Be careful not to knock your head.” 
Nora felt her throat going dry. 
After she got in the car and left, Justin stared at her from the back. He suddenly smiled. 
That Mercedes Benz jeep was very big and had a taller chassis. There was no doubt that women who liked driving that car had a wild and feral nature. 
Then, he thought of the young woman’s lazy appearance—she looked just like a cat. 
And on top of being a cat, she was even a wild little one. 
Nora drove back to the Andersons. 
Midway, however, she suddenly received a call from the kindergarten. “Miss Smith, please hurry to the kindergarten! Something has happened to Cherry!” 
Something had happened to Cherry? 
Nora’s eyes widened. She did an abrupt U-turn, stomped on the accelerator, and raced straight to the kindergarten.
###Chapter 76 – A Professional
Chapter 76: A Professional 
Nora was driving a jeep, but the way she was driving, it was as if she was driving a sports car instead. 
Screeeeech! 
The car stopped at the school gate. She got out and strode toward the kindergarten. 
Ms. Lynn, the teacher who had brought Cherry into the kindergarten earlier that day, was waiting there. She was a young woman in her twenties and was currently in a panic. 
How anxious must the parents be, having something go wrong on the first day their child was sent to school? 
With that thought in mind, she went forward to Nora and said, “Ms. Smith…” 
Nora interrupted her and asked, “Are the children okay?” 
Ms. Lynn, “?” 
The confused teacher replied, “… Yes, they are.” 
As Nora walked in with the teacher, she asked, “Are the teachers also okay?” 
“… Yes, they are all fine.” 
Nora was taken aback. “In that case, who did Cherry beat up?” 
She subconsciously glanced at the school gate. “The security guard?”
Ms. Lynn, “” 
How would Cherry possibly be able to beat such a big and tall security guard, especially when he had even gone through professional martial arts training?! 
No, wait, they had digressed too much. 
Ms. Lynn said anxiously, “Cherry fainted!” 
It was Nora’s turn to be surprised this time. “Surely, she’s just faking it?” 
Although Cherry was born a month prematurely, as a doctor, Nora had nursed and taken care of Cherry very well. While she looked a little skinnier than most, she was actually as strong as a young calf! 
Faint? Cherry? 
Ms. Lynn was so dumbfounded that she couldn’t even utter the words of comfort she had originally wanted to say. She said emphatically, “It’s true!” 
This piqued Nora’s curiosity and she said, “I’ll go take a look.” 
Ms. Lynn followed after her and said, “She’s in the dance studio. Don’t worry, Ms. Smith. I know you aren’t in good health, so it must have been hard raising Cherry all these years. Cherry is also a very lovable and obedient girl. We’ll definitely hold the culprit accountable!” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Only then did she realize that the teacher was now calling Cherry by her nickname instead of ‘Cheryl Smith’ like what she had done when Nora sent her to the kindergarten… 
So, what exactly happened today?
Despite claiming that it was impossible that Cherry had fainted, Nora nevertheless obviously quickened her pace. Ms. Lynn couldn’t catch up to her even when she jogged briskly behind her. 
The moment they entered the dance studio, Nora immediately saw Cherry lying on the sofa. A few teachers were gathered around her, and standing next to them was a little girl in a dance practice outfit who was crying loudly. A teacher, who was also wearing a dance practice outfit, was currently trying to coax her. 
Was Cherry really hurt? 
When Nora walked over, she heard the school doctor say, “Don’t worry, Ms. Smith. I’ve already given her a checkup. Cherry looks totally fine. She probably fainted because she was too aggrieved. Sigh!” 
“…” 
Yeah, aggrieved, my a*s. 
From the moment she held Cherry’s wrist and felt a strong pulse, Nora knew immediately that she was just pretending. 
She couldn’t help but hold her forehead. 
She had only just warned her against pretending to cry in the morning, yet she was already pretending to faint? 
Even so, the little fellow’s eyes were still and motionless. Her acting was pretty good. 
She tickled Cherry’s palm with a finger: ‘Stop acting and wake up.’ 
Cherry returned a tickle of her own on Nora’s palm: ‘Mommy, don’t expose me!’ 
Nora was rendered speechless.
She coughed and asked, “What happened?” 
By then, Ms. Lynn had also entered the dance studio. Seeing that she looked calm and hadn’t started ranting at the teachers as soon as she came in, she immediately felt even more strongly that Cherry’s family must be reasonable people. 
She said, “The kindergarten is celebrating its 50th anniversary soon, so we’re going to hold a huge party and all the parents will be invited. The kindergarten is selecting twenty children for the finale dance. I saw that Cherry is very talented, so I wanted to let her try out for the dance, but as a result, she ended up getting into a conflict with her classmate Sinead Lowe…” 
Sinead was probably the crying little girl. 
Nora glanced at her. The child’s posture was straight and upright. It was obvious from a glance that she had gone through dance training before. It was just that even though so much time had already passed, she was still crying. It was obvious how spoiled she was. 
While she was thinking, the dance teacher who was coaxing Sinead stood up. She had an air of elegance around her, though she also had a bit of an arrogant look on her face. She frowned and said, “I am Whitney Lowe, Sinead’s mother.” 
She walked to the side and took out a bag. Then, she took out a wad of cash from within and threw it in Nora’s face. “I’ll take responsibility for this and pay for Cheryl Smith’s medical expenses. This should be enough for you to still have some left over after that. In that sense, the two of you even profited a little.” 
Nora was bewildered. 
A cold look appeared on her face. She looked at Ms. Lynn and asked, “What exactly is going on?”
Ms. Lynn glanced at the dance teacher and explained in a low voice, “Sinead’s mother is a dance teacher that the kindergarten specially hired. She was the runner-up in the women’s category for an international dance competition. After that, she married into the Lowes, a wealthy family. She’s now a famous dance teacher in the circle… 
“Cherry’s very smart and learned the dance very quickly, but Sinead kept saying that she wasn’t doing it right. The two children then got into an argument and Mrs. Lowe chided Cherry a little. After that, she passed out from anger…” 
As soon as she said that, Sinead yelled, “That’s because everyone keeps looking at her when she’s dancing! I’m the center! Don’t let her go on stage!” 
The moment she said that, the teachers became even more embarrassed. 
Nora understood now. 
Cherry had big eyes and fair skin, and looked very adorable. She was certainly very eye-catching among the group of children in the kindergarten. 
Sinead was the center, but Cherry had robbed her of all the limelight, so she became dissatisfied. 
Whitney was their dance teacher, so she would definitely be partial toward Sinead. 
Cherry had always been clever and was someone who refused to let anyone give her the short end of the stick. As she was at a disadvantage, she had pretended to faint so that Sinead couldn’t say anything even if she wanted to! 
Nora couldn’t help yawning. 
She had always been someone who fought others head-on and did everything directly and straightforwardly. Just whom did her daughter inherit all these little ideas from? It really was very… silly.
She picked up Cherry and prepared to leave. 
However, Whitney stood in front of her as soon as she got up. The cool and standoffish woman said arrogantly, “Ms. Smith, your child is so bad-tempered. All they did was just argue a little, yet she could make herself pass out from anger.” 
Nora, “?” 
She didn’t even make a fuss, yet Whitney was kicking up one instead? 
She stood still and turned around. 
Whitney pointed to Cherry and said to Ms. Lynn, “That girl has a poor physique. I checked her body just now. She’s very stiff and isn’t suitable to be a dancer. Withdraw her from the upcoming performance and switch to someone else instead.” 
Sinead immediately clapped happily and said, “Yes, make her withdraw! Don’t let her go on stage!” 
Ms. Lynn looked livid. 
She said hesitantly, “But I think Cherry danced pretty well just now…” 
“Which part of that was good?” Whitney reprimanded sternly, “Are you the professional here, or am I? Her movements were stiff and too forceful just now. Neither did she follow the rhythm and ended up missing the beat several times, making her out of sync with the rest of the children. She was born unsuitable for dancing!” 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned even colder. 
Cherry’s physique was amazingly good. Otherwise, Quinn wouldn’t have begged to take her as his disciple.
That woman named Whitney Lowe… A professional? 
Hah. 
She asked unhurriedly, “Does this mean that Cherry can be part of the dance if someone more professional than you says that she’s suitable for dancing?”
###Chapter 77 – Who Says I Don't Dare To Turn On The Camera?
Chapter 77: Who Says I Don’t Dare To Turn On The Camera? 
Someone more professional than her? 
Whitney sneered. With a confident and arrogant look in her eyes, she scoffed, “Can you even find someone more professional than me in the States?” 
Ms. Lynn tugged on Nora’s sleeve and said, “Ms. Smith, the competition that Mrs. Lowe had participated in was the Blackpool Dance Festival. It’s a world-class international ballroom dancing competition… Mrs. Lowe has founded a dance academy in New York that specializes in teaching students gifted in the art, and there are scores of people who wish for her guidance. She holds great authority in the dancing circle.” 
Then, Ms. Lynn lowered her voice and said, “In order to have her teach their children, there are even some wealthy families who treat her very politely. She’s even given the Hunts’ and the Smiths’ children dance lessons before…” 
Nora scoffed lightly when she heard Ms. Lynn’s explanation. As it turned out, that woman named Whitney did indeed know what she was doing. 
No wonder she had the guts to try resolving the issue with money in a kindergarten like this just now. 
People engaged in the arts typically had rather lofty ideals. She must have formed an exaggerated opinion of her abilities, thanks to the other parents’ flattery. 
Nora cast her eyes down and slowly said, “Ms. Lynn, I will find someone more professional than her to judge whether Cherry is suitable to dance or not.”
Whitney had exquisite makeup on. By then, she had also already put on her coat and leather shoes, making her seem exceptionally elegant. When she heard what Nora said, she sneered, “We’ll wait and see, then. However, until you find someone more professional than me, Cheryl Smith will not be allowed to attend my dance classes!” 
After saying that, she took Sinead’s hand and turned to leave. 
However, as soon as she turned, someone grabbed her ponytail. Then, her shoulder was held down and a great force threw her against the wall next to her! 
Bam! 
In front of Whitney was an icy-cold wall. Her hair was still being pulled and her shoulder held down. She couldn’t move at all. Furious, she demanded, “What are you doing?” 
A low and mild voice slowly reached from behind. “Mrs. Lowe, shouldn’t you apologize to my daughter after bullying her?” 
Cherry was mischievous and never allowed anyone to give her the short end of the stick. 
Neither would Nora allow her daughter to suffer any grievances for no reason. 
Whitney yelled, “No way!” 
As soon as she did, Nora yanked her hair downward hard again, making her scalp sting terribly. As though she was simply stating a truth, the woman’s voice was calm and peaceful as she said, “Apologize.” 
There was a murderous look in her frosty eyes. 
Whitney shivered. She swallowed hard and clenched her fists tightly. At last, as though humiliated, she said, “I’m sorry.”
“Yawn…” 
Nora let go of her and yawned again. Only then did she pick up Cherry again and lazily leave the dance studio. 
After she left, a furious Whitney yelled hysterically, “I’m calling the police! How dare she assault me! I’m having her thrown in jail!” 
Ms. Lynn and the others finally recovered from the sudden turn of events just now. 
At this point, the principal also arrived fashionably late. Upon hearing Whitney, he held her arm and said, “Mrs. Lowe, we’re all people with respectable identities here. Moreover, we really have no idea who that lady is. The bigwigs have specially instructed us to treat her with civility…” 
The bigwigs… 
Whitney clenched her fists tightly and breathed heavily as a look of intense fury came over her face. However, she did stop clamoring about calling the police. 
— 
In the jeep on the way home. 
Cherry sat in the passenger seat and buckled her seat belt. The large seat made her look even smaller than she was. She asked, “Mommy, are you really going to ask Aunt Tanya to come back to the States for my sake?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “No way.” 
Cherry was puzzled. 
Aunt Tanya was someone who loved dancing. She had also participated in competitions and emerged as the champion before. She had immediately thought of her when Mommy said that she would find someone more professional just now. 
However, Mommy was actually saying that she wasn’t asking her to come back? 
Amid Cherry’s puzzlement, Nora chuckled and said, “Your Aunt Tanya is returning to the States next week. She was invited to a dance conference as an examiner.” 
Cherry immediately became excited. “So that’s what it is!” 
While the two of them were chatting, they had already returned to the Andersons’ residence. 
After parking the car and entering the house, Sheril came over with a smile and said, “Nora, I’ve successfully produced the Carefree Pill according to your formula! We can finally start mass production now!” 
Nora nodded. “Oh.” 
Sheril was about to say more when Melissa walked over with a smile. “Alright, you may have accomplished something big, Sheril, but don’t you forget the trivial matters now.” 
Trivial matters? 
A puzzled Nora looked at Sheril, who smiled and said, “I have dance class later, Nora. Can you come with me? Let’s have the choreographer choreograph a dance for us. We can perform it together during the dance party!” 
Nora didn’t want to go. She wanted to go upstairs and sleep instead, so she replied, “No, it’s…” 
“C’mon, let’s go!” Sheril pulled Nora by her arm and called out, “Mom, look after Cherry, okay?”
“…” 
An absolutely unwilling Nora was then dragged out of the door! 
But before she was dragged out the door, she saw the gentle expression on Melissa’s countenance and she found herself unable to refuse her kindness again. 
Forget it, she would just go. 
On the way there, Sheril asked, “Can you dance, Nora?” 
Nora thought for a moment before she replied, “Just a little, but I don’t dance often.” 
Perhaps because she spent more time sleeping than others, she preferred engaging in more stimulating activities when she was awake—such as racing, skiing, and martial arts. 
When it came to dancing, the only kind she liked was tango. 
However, because she practiced martial arts, her strength was too great. There was basically no man who could suppress her aura, so she stopped dancing. 
Sheril smiled and said, “It’s fine. We’ll just pick up a few moves casually. It’s okay even if you don’t dance during the party!” 
After Nora went out, Cherry obediently went to the study with her cell phone, intending to spend the next two hours gaming and doing a live-stream. 
As soon as she started the live stream, she saw that her number one fan, Sponsor Grandpa, was already there. Cherry immediately greeted excitedly, “Hello, Sponsor Grandpa!” 
Sponsor Grandpa responded relatively slowly: “Hello.”
Cherry said, “I’m playing as the same hero today. Without Chesty making trouble here today, I’m gonna try getting into this season’s rankings on the local server!” 
She turned on the game after she spoke. 
Then, a large number of notifications suddenly scrolled past her screen! 
Cherry was taken aback for a moment. Then, she saw that Sponsor Grandpa had tipped her with 9,999 airplanes. 
Sponsor Grandpa wrote: ‘This is for you to buy candy with, little fellow.’ 
Cherry smiled sweetly and said, “Thank you, Grandpa!” 
After she entered the game and played for a couple of minutes, she noticed that Sponsor Grandpa was arguing with some of the other viewers in the comments. 
“Stop pretending to be a kid, sweetcherry. That kiddy voice of yours makes me wanna puke! You’re so shameless to try attracting big bosses that way!” 
Sponsor Grandpa: “She’s a child.” 
“Haha, which idiot with too much money to spare is that Sponsor Grandpa of hers?” 
“There must be something wrong with his brain. Is there any child who plays games so well? sweetcherry is definitely a cross-dresser using a voice changer! Otherwise, why wouldn’t they dare to turn on the camera?” 
“…” 
Cherry became angry. “Who says I don’t dare to turn on the camera?!”
###Chapter 78: She’s Turned On The Camera!
More people started to comment: 
“Turn it on, then? You’re a bastard if you don’t!” 
“Is sweetcherry going to turn on the camera? I feel like I’m going to go blind later!” 
“I smell a fight breaking out. This is a gaming channel. Does it matter whether they turn on the camera or not?” 
“Yes, it does! No one goes as far as them as to straight-up pretend to be a five-year-old kid even if they use a voice changer when they play games. Do they think our IQs are very low?” 
“Exactly! They even duped others into giving them tips to buy candy with. Tsk, the point here is—there are actually people who are falling for it! The top fan on their list who calls himself Grandpa just gave them another tip worth $150,000!” 
“How does a perverted liar like them find the cheek to do live streams? Is it because their original voice sounds too awful?” 
“That kind of tender voice is originally a child’s, which is supposed to sound cute and lovable. How come they have the gall to change their voice into one like that? What an insult to kids!” 
Of course, there were also loyal fans of sweetcherry who defended her. It was just that there were only a few of them, so they were all drowned out by the insults. 
“Watching sweetcherry pretending to be a kid is exactly what we like. What’s it to you? If you can’t stand it, then why don’t you get out?” 
“Exactly. Are they holding a knife to your neck and forcing you to tip them?”
“The hero the live streamer plays as is a little girl who carries a cannon. I think it’s very apt that they use a child’s voice! Why are you being such a busybody?” 
“…” 
When Cherry saw that even her loyal fans didn’t believe that she was a child, she frowned and said huffily and seriously, “I’m not a kid!” 
In the comments: 
“Hahaha, they’ve admitted it now!” 
“I knew they were lying!” 
“…” 
A few comments had only just scrolled past the screen when Cherry said huffily, “I’m already five! Which part of me is a kid?” 
The comments fell silent for a while. Then, a loyal fan wrote weakly: 
“Sweetie, that’s enough. Let’s not say any more. There’s nothing shameful in pretending to be a kid anyway…” 
“If you say any more, it’ll start to seem a little pretentious. It’s enough! Enough!” 
As for the antis, they switched on their combat mode. 
“Ugh, they’re still pretending to be a kid. It’s so gross! ‘Already five’? More like you’re fifty, right? Which five-year-old can read so well?”
“A fifty-year-old probably doesn’t have that kind of hand speed and reflexes. They’re probably in their twenties or thirties… What I’m seeing in my mind is an ugly, gross, and wretched-looking middle-aged man…” 
“Didn’t they say they’re gonna turn on the camera? What are you still dilly-dallying so much for? Hurry up and turn it on!” 
“They must be deliberately saying all that in order to change the subject, right? Turn on the camera! Turn on the camera!” 
“It’s not like they have the guts to. If they turn it on, they’ll expose their own lies!” 
“…” 
Seeing that no one believed her, Cherry felt as if she had suffered a great injustice. She said quietly, “Okay, I’ll turn on the camera now. Wait a minute, okie?” 
After finishing the round at hand, she fumbled around for a while and finally turned on the camera. 
The moment she did, an uproar went through the comments! 
At the same time, Justin ended a busy day of work. 
Bored, he glanced at Pete, who was studying next to him, and picked up his cell phone. Suddenly, he thought of the friend whom Chester had posted about the other day. 
After downloading the live streaming app, he searched for ‘sweetcherry’. 
As soon as he entered her live stream, he found that the comments were in a huge uproar. 
“F*ck! F*ck, she’s really a kid!”
“I can’t believe my eyes!” 
“sweetcherry is actually really only five?” 
“F*ck! I’m actually a lousier player than an elementary school kid? Ah, no, a kindergartener? Self-doubt in progress here right now…” 
“Ahhh, she’s so cute! She’s so cute! To think such a cute little baby who talks so adorably really exists!” 
Justin, “?” 
When he finally looked at the screen, he saw that the screen, which originally was showing just the game interface, now had a small window at a corner on the right. 
Inside the window was a small figure. 
She looked like she was about five years old. It was hard to tell whether it was a wig or her real hair, but she had two little braids on each side of her head, which made her look very adorable. 
She was also wearing a white feather mask that covered most of her face. 
The little fellow said huffily, “There, I’ve turned on the camera! I wasn’t lying, yeah! All of you should apologize to me!” 
In the comments: 
“She’s really only five? Oh my god! My outlook on life has been shattered!” 
“I’m sorry! I was wrong! Please forgive me, big boss!” 
All the antis had already disappeared in the background and didn’t dare to speak anymore.
Someone asked: 
“Why are you wearing a mask? Are we not worthy of seeing what sweetcherry really looks like?” 
“I already find her so cute when she’s just sitting there like that! Can you take off your mask and show us how you look? Don’t worry, there aren’t any ugly children out there!” 
Sweetcherry waved and explained seriously, “No, I’m afraid that Daddy will see me!” 
“What are you afraid of? It’s nothing bad that you’re making money on live streams. It’s not like your father will smack you, right?” 
“Exactly. If I had such a lovely daughter, I’d definitely spoil her like a precious treasure!” 
Of course, there were also some who didn’t agree with her actions. They reprimanded her, “Five-year- olds shouldn’t be playing with the cell phone every day. It’s not good for children! Your father is right to discipline you!” 
Cherry said seriously, “No, Daddy won’t discipline me, but he’ll take me away and forbid Mommy from ever seeing me again!” 
Her top fan, Grandpa, couldn’t help but write: “Your father is such an awful man!” 
The rest of the comments agreed with his statement. 
“Why would he take her away? Are your parents divorced? Is it because your father would think that your mother isn’t teaching you well if he finds out about the live stream?” 
“My goodness, it’s so sad that there are fathers like that in this world. It’s so awful how they always think the world of themselves. My heart aches for sweetcherry.”
“Although it isn’t right that children play games every day, I checked the records just now. Sweetie, your game time is fixed, right? And you only play for two hours a day… I’m sure your mother has put thought into this, right? For some reason, my heart aches for Sweetie. I hate your wicked father!” 
After seeing the comments, Cherry waved her hands anxiously and said, “No, no, it’s not like that! It’s not like that! My father doesn’t know that Mommy gave birth to me, so if he finds out, Mommy will be in trouble!” 
“Your mother sounds so tragic. Did she raise you by herself?” 
When Justin heard what she said, he suddenly thought of Pete… 
Even sweetcherry’s mother knew that she should take care of her child, yet Pete’s biological mother was so horrible! 
A hint of anger flashed in his eyes. 
Cherry was about to say something when she noticed a tip of 9,999 airplanes. Amid the airplane icons scrolling across the screen, her number two fan, ‘JH’, wrote a few big words in bold red text: ‘Your father isn’t worthy of calling himself a man!’ 
Cherry, “” 
Daddy, is it really okay to insult yourself like that? 
She panicked and got up from her chair. “Daddy, you—” 
Before she could finish, she lost her balance and almost fell. However, after she steadied herself, the mask on her face instead fell off…
###Chapter 79: Cherry Looks A Little Familiar
Justin’s heart suddenly stopped beating for a moment. It was only when he saw that she managed to regain her balance that he finally relaxed. 
When he wanted to see what she looked like, rows of airplane icons suddenly swept across the screen. 
After studying the interface with a frown for a while, he finally turned off the virtual gift visual effects. However, by the time he looked again, he found that sweetcherry had already turned off the camera. 
For some reason, he felt a little disappointed. 
He shook his head, finding his behavior rather comical. 
She was just a child that he had interacted with a few times. Why was he so curious about what she looked like? 
He tossed the cell phone aside. The little girl’s tender voice rang out in his earphones. “Thank you for the airplanes, Grandpa! Mwah!” 
For some reason, Justin felt a little unhappy. 
He had gifted her so many airplanes, but why didn’t she blow him any flying kisses? 
As a result, yet another row of 9999 airplane icons scrolled across the screen. 
After sending the gift, he came back to his senses. He felt that he must be out of his mind… 
Then, he heard the excited little fellow exclaim, “Wow, Daddy! You’re so amazing, too! Mwah!” 
Justin’s lip corners couldn’t help but curl upward. 
Two hours later, Cherry stopped playing and got ready for dinner.
After ending the live stream, she sat on the chair with her chin propped on her hands and looked at the two highest-ranking names on the fan list. 
Sponsor Grandpa was still in top place with a total of almost $800,000 in tips. 
Daddy was ranked second place with a total of about $600,000 in tips. 
She felt justified and didn’t have any qualms about taking money from her father. However, it seemed like Sponsor Grandpa didn’t know her at all… 
Cherry opened a private chat window and sent him a voice message. 
At the Smiths. 
Although he had asked for steak the day before, Ian had stopped eating after taking just a bite. 
He rested on the bed in a groggy daze all the way until now. 
Watching sweetcherry’s live stream seemed to have become the only thing he looked forward to every day. 
Ian was frowning. 
On his attractive visage, there was a contemplative look in his eyes. 
He had seen what sweetcherry looked like when her mask dropped off just now, and he found her face vaguely familiar. 
It was as if he had seen it somewhere before. 
Even though he couldn’t recall where he might have seen a face like that before, it nevertheless gave him a sense of kinship.
Ian smiled bitterly. 
Perhaps life was just too boring. Or perhaps it was because she simply looked so adorable and clever? 
He was about to toss the cell phone aside when he heard a sound notification. 
When Ian picked it back up, he found that sweetcherry had sent him a private message: “Sponsor Grandpa, do you wanna play games? I can guide you, yeah!” 
Games? 
To be honest, Ian wasn’t interested, but he didn’t have the heart to refuse the little girl’s kindness. Thus, he replied: “How are you going to guide me?” 
Beep! Another notification rang out. 
He tapped on it: “Let’s add each other as friends first! Do you have a Facebook account, Sponsor Grandpa? After we add each other as friends, I’ll be able to add you into the game from my friends list.” 
Ian replied: “Yes, I do.” 
Sweetcherry sent him a link to her Facebook page. 
Ian logged in to the Facebook account that he hadn’t touched in years. He had only registered the account because of Yvette in the past. 
He cast his eyes down, suppressed the discomfort in his heart, and added sweetcherry as a friend. 
Her Facebook name was Cherry Smith. 
She approved the friend request as soon as he sent it.
After that, Cherry sent him several pictures. 
Puzzled, Ian replied with a question mark: ? 
Cherry sent him a voice message: “Sponsor Grandpa, you’re under my care from today onward. You must remember to log in to Facebook every day and send me messages, okay? We must maintain the sparks of our friendship!” 
Sparks? 
Ian was confused. 
Cherry sent another message: “We mustn’t let the sparks of our friendship extinguish! Once we send each other messages for seven days, our sparks of friendship will burn strongly! After another few days, our little boat of friendship will sail off and eventually become a giant ferry!” 
“…” 
Ian fell silent. He couldn’t help but feel that children came up with some pretty ridiculous things these days. 
However, when he thought of what she said again, he replied: “Okay.” 
After he replied, it was time for dinner. The caretaker came in and asked, “Sir, how about having some oatmeal?” 
Ian clenched his jaw. 
He didn’t have any appetite, but when he thought of his promise with the little girl… He would drag his life on for a few more days, he supposed. If he passed the next day, the little girl would probably be sad.
He said dispassionately, “Okay.” 
— 
Elsewhere, Nora had reached the dance studio after being dragged there by Sheril. 
The classroom was very big and featured mirrors on all four sides. 
The moment she walked in, she saw that there were a few young men and women there. They were currently standing around a girl in the corner and chatting. 
At the sight of Sheril, a thin man came over and smiled bashfully at her. He said, “Sheril, you’re here!” 
Sheril blushed and nodded. Then, she introduced him to Nora. “Nora, this is my boyfriend, Caden Hayes.” 
Her boyfriend? 
Nora sized him up carefully. She couldn’t help but feel like the man made people feel a little uncomfortable. 
However, she didn’t say much. 
Sheril introduced Nora to Caden and the two of them said hi to each other. 
At this point, the chatter from a distance away reached them. 
“Really? Your family is so amazing!” 
“Wow, Rachel, are you going to meet Tanya Turner? I’m so envious!” 
“…”
Caden was taken aback for a moment. Then, he asked with a smile, “Tanya Turner? What are you guys talking about?” 
Someone answered, “It’s Rachel! Her mother heard that Ms. Turner will be coming back to the States in a few days, so she specially invited her to go to their place to hold a few dance lessons for her!” 
After answering him, the group of youngsters gathered around Rachel and asked, “Can we also join the class, Rachel?” 
At the sight of everyone swarming over there, Caden looked at Sheril and said, “Sheril, Rachel is your cousin, right? Can you ask her to let us join the class?” 
Sheril’s expression immediately changed and she looked as if she had been put in a spot. 
Nora, on the other hand, was taken aback. “She’s your cousin?” 
“Yes, Rachel is Sheril’s uncle’s daughter from the maternal side of the family. I’m sure she’ll agree if Sheril asks her!” 
Nora looked at Rachel Wood, who was surrounded by everyone and basking in the limelight. 
She had wavy hair, a slim and graceful figure, and a delicate aura around her. The scholarly aura around her was a little similar to the one that Melissa had. 
It was just that even though Melissa looked delicate, she also had a very dignified aura around her. 
On the other hand, Rachel’s imitation was lacking and it fell flat, making her seem somewhat chintzy. 
With the wall of people in between, she spoke with a great sense of superiority and said, “It’s very difficult to get Ms. Turner to open a class. It’s not about money at all. My mother only managed to ask her to open a class for me after asking a lot of people for favors.”
Someone who was trying to flatter her said, “It’s rare for Tanya Turner to come back to the States, so I heard that her schedule is totally packed. It’s really amazing that your family could get her over!” 
Rachel suddenly looked at Sheril. “There are already a lot of people in the class, Sheril. I may not be able to let you join this time…”
###Chapter 80: Tanya Turner!
As soon as she said that, everyone looked over. 
Sheril immediately felt her face flush in embarrassment as though she was living on someone’s charity. 
Rachel, however, didn’t let her off. She continued and said, “You can ask your mother to make an appointment for you, though. That way, you’ll also be able to attend her classes! By the way, does your mother have any connections? Do you want my mother to hook her up with the relevant people?” 
After the Andersons fell into decline, as Simon’s wife, Melissa’s status had also dropped. 
However, not only did her family, the Woods, not help her in any way, but they even rubbed it in. 
Take, for example, what was currently happening. What Rachel said had in no uncertain terms told everyone that even though Melissa had been part of the Woods in the past, her current authority and connections were actually not as good as the Woods’. 
Sheril clenched her fists and tried her best to make herself look calm as she replied, “No, it’s fine. I’m not very interested in dancing anyway…” 
Rachel curled her lip. “Is that so?” 
She glanced at Caden. Then, as though she was talking about Sheril yet also as insinuating something else, she said, “What a shame.” 
After that, she turned and looked at the other people there. 
However, when she did, she saw that everyone who had been circling around her and asking about Tanya just now was instead now staring curiously at Nora.
The young woman, who was dressed simply, easily became the focus of the crowd just by gracefully standing there. 
Rachel frowned. She took the initiative to walk over, held Sheril’s hand with a smile, and asked gently, “Who’s this, Sheril?” 
Sheril suppressed her awkwardness and embarrassment and naturally made the introductions. “This is Nora, my eldest aunt’s daughter.” 
A surprised Rachel immediately exclaimed rather loudly, “Huh? So that’s who you are! I totally couldn’t tell from your figure that you’ve given birth before!” 
The words “you’ve given birth before” astonished everyone there. 
Rachel covered her mouth and looked at the two of them apologetically. She said, “S-sorry, I accidentally spoke without thinking for a moment there. Nora, you don’t mind, right?” 
To outsiders, premarital pregnancies were seen as immoral behavior. Under normal circumstances, even if one’s family didn’t help them to hide it, they wouldn’t publicize it like that, either. 
However, Rachel had mentioned it the moment she came over. This made everyone instantly look at her in a different way. 
Nora could hear someone nearby whisper, “Tsk, she looks pretty pure and innocent. I didn’t expect that she already has kids.” 
“Why is someone like her here to dance? Is she trying to hook up with someone?” 
Sheril frowned. She stood in front of Nora and said, “Don’t spout nonsense, Rachel. Nora’s just here to learn how to dance!”
Rachel cast her eyes down and smirked. “In that case, does she have a dance partner yet?” 
Sheril looked at the other people there. 
Most people who came here to dance didn’t come at fixed intervals. Neither did they have fixed dance partners. She had originally thought that it would be very easy to find Nora a dance partner since she was so pretty. 
However, Rachel’s words just now had obviously made everyone averse to Nora. 
She was about to say something when Nora smiled and said, “It’s okay, Sheril. I’ll just watch you dance.” 
Sheril said, “Nora, you…” 
Nora cast her eyes down. “It’s fine, really.” 
Sheril knew that trying to comfort her further now would only result in the opposite effect, so she could only give her a resigned nod. 
When the dance teacher arrived, everyone split into pairs and started to dance. 
A bored Nora leaned against the wall and played with her cell phone while she watched Sheril out of the corner of her eye. 
Caden was unexpectedly a pretty good dancer. 
International ballroom dancing was performed in pairs of men and women. In particular, if the men were strong enough, their dancing would be very exciting to watch when they led the woman. 
Caden was likely a professional. He held Sheril by her waist and danced, the two of them forming a dazzling sight. Gradually, they became the center of all the dancers in the room.
While they were dancing, Sheril was also constantly looking at Nora. 
She suddenly suggested, “Caden, why don’t you dance with Nora later?” 
Caden was a little reluctant. He replied, “I wanted to say this just now, but someone like her who became pregnant before marriage must have a very profligate lifestyle in private. Sheril, you shouldn’t associate too much with her.” 
An unhappy-looking Sheril said, “You don’t even know what Nora is like or anything about her past. Why would you say that?” 
Caden frowned. “Okay, okay, I won’t say any more. She doesn’t look like she’s danced before, though. I’m a professional; it may not be appropriate to have me lead her in a dance.” 
His eyes were downcast and he looked obviously reluctant. 
After the dance, Sheril cast Caden aside and went to Nora. 
Next to them, Rachel clenched her fists when she saw what she did. 
Although her dance partner was also pretty good, he ultimately still couldn’t compare with Caden. 
Sheril obviously didn’t dance as well as her, yet because Caden was the one leading her, she had actually danced better than her! 
Furious, Rachel narrowed her eyes. Then, she suddenly walked toward Caden… 
Sheril had a good temper and a cheerful personality. 
Although she found Caden’s words unpleasant, she knew that he ultimately wasn’t aware of her cousin’s circumstances, so it was understandable that he would misunderstand. Thus, after she
counseled herself a little, she decided to explain to Caden what had happened to Nora. 
She didn’t have a profligate lifestyle. Rather, she had been deceived. 
But as soon as she turned around, she instead saw Caden and Rachel walking toward her together. 
The two of them behaved intimately, which made Sheril frown. 
Caden seemed a little awkward, but he nevertheless bit the bullet and said, “I’m having the next dance with Rachel, Sheril.” 
Sheril’s eyes widened. “What?” 
Rachel smiled and took Caden’s arm. She said, “Sorry about that, Sheril. My partner and I don’t fit quite well together. Caden’s the best dancer in our class, so I thought that if we dance together, I could have Ms. Turner give him a few pointers, too. It’s mutually beneficial for both of us after all! You won’t mind, right?” 
Sheril was so angry that her hands were shaking. 
She looked at Caden with her eyes red. 
He had refused to dance with her cousin when she asked him just now, yet he was going to dance with Rachel now? 
He clearly knew that she and Rachel were at loggerheads! And that she was always looking for opportunities to bully her! 
Sheril felt her throat going tight and she felt like she had been betrayed. She asked, “Are you sure you want to do that, Caden?”
Caden replied in a low voice, “You know I major in dance, so I’ll have to participate in international ballroom dancing competitions. If I can get some pointers from Ms. Turner, I’ll definitely benefit a lot from it!” 
Sheril clenched her fists and said, “Caden, I’ll let you choose—either you dance with me or we break up, in which case you’re free to dance with whomever you want!” 
Caden frowned and said, “You’re being unreasonable, Sheril!” 
Rachel also said calmly, “Sheril, I’m just asking Caden to dance with me. Why are you making such a huge fuss? How can you hold Caden back like that?” 
She sneered, “It’s the Andersons who can’t get Ms. Turner as a dance teacher, yet you’re forbidding me from helping him? If you were able to get her as a teacher and have her give Caden some pointers, he wouldn’t have chosen to dance with me, either!” 
Sheril turned pale and she tried to hold her tears back. 
At this point, an extremely cold and indifferent voice reached them. “Who says the Andersons can’t get Tanya to teach us how to dance?”
###Chapter 81 – Name Your Price, Mr. Hunt!
Chapter 81: Name Your Price, Mr. Hunt! 
The few of them turned and looked at Nora. 
She stood quietly beside Sheril, her eyes drooping a little, making her look very sleepy. 
She looked at Sheril casually and said, “I’ll give her a call when she returns to the States and have her come over to the Andersons to give you some guidance.” 
“…” 
The few of them fell silent for a while. 
Caden was the first to recover. He asked eagerly, “Can the Andersons really invite Tanya Turner over?” 
He really did like Sheril quite a fair bit. 
Among the wealthy young ladies who were there to dance, not only was Sheril the prettiest, but she also had a gentle aura around her. 
In particular, she had both a good personality and good values, and had never once looked down on him despite her background. 
Even when he bought a necklace worth about $150 with the money he earned from his part-time job and gave it to Sheril to test her reaction, she had immediately taken off the four-leaf clover motif Van Cleef & Arpels necklace she was wearing and put on the necklace he gave her instead. 
She liked dancing, but only as a hobby. She wasn’t addicted to it. 
Instead, she preferred to stay in the laboratory to carry out pharmaceutical experiments, and was a typical technology geek.
Caden had once taken her to his rental apartment before. It was just a 430 square feet studio apartment that might not even be as big as her bedroom. 
But she had sat on the sofa with a cushion, smiled, and said, “A smaller place feels cozier.” 
She had such a good personality. Even though she did occasionally show a bit of a rich young lady’s temperament like how she had gotten angry just now when he refused to dance with Nora, she usually cheered up after he coaxed her a little. 
Therefore, if the Andersons really were capable of getting Tanya over, why should he make her angry? 
But as soon as he said that, Rachel laughed softly. She looked at Sheril with a faint smile and asked, “Sheril, does your cousin not know who Tanya Turner is?” 
She looked at Nora again and said dispassionately, “Ms. Turner will only be back in the States for a few days to take part in a dance program’s filming. Her schedule is very packed. Even the Woods only managed to contact her after asking a lot of people for favors…” 
Several people next to Rachel who were trying to curry favor with her also chimed in: 
“Yeah, do you really think that Ms. Turner is that easy to invite over? When she was overseas, she only held classes for nobles and aristocrats!” 
“I heard that even Whitney Lowe invited her to give her daughter guidance during her return to the States this time! Tanya Turner and Whitney Lowe participated in the international ballroom dancing competition together. Tanya was the champion.” 
“We wanted to ask Whitney to hold a few classes here, but even she wasn’t willing to, let alone Tanya…” 
“That person probably thinks that they can get anyone over just because they are rich. Many of us here are richer than the Andersons, but even so, we don’t make it sound as easy as she did…”
“…” 
Amid their chatter, Rachel said, “Alright, let’s not say any more. Sheril’s cousin isn’t from around these parts, so maybe she doesn’t understand how things work in New York… Let’s not gather around here anymore!” 
She took Caden’s arm and said, “Let’s go and dance.” 
Caden glanced at Sheril again. When he saw that she was keeping quiet with an awful look on her face, he left with Rachel in disappointment. 
When the music for the next dance started, Sheril grabbed Nora and led her out of the dance studio. 
It was already evening by then. 
The streets were full of traffic and neon lights flickered in the dark. The colorful lights at the dance studio’s entrance shone on Sheril’s face, and one could see the tears that she had been holding back finally rolling down her cheeks. 
After staring at her for a while, Nora reached out and held her by her shoulders. Her eyes looked a little cold in the light. Suddenly, she turned around and started walking back to the dance studio. 
Sheril grabbed her wrist. “What are you going back there for, Nora?” 
A displeased Nora said, “I’m going to drag him out here and make him apologize to you.” 
Sheril shook her head. “No, it’s okay. You can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink. Besides, Tanya Turner is all he has on his mind. His heart isn’t even with me anymore!” 
Nora said, “Then I’ll get Tanya over. He’ll be willing to come over and apologize if I do that.”
Sheril was stunned. “Are you able to get her here?” 
Nora didn’t keep it a secret from her. She nodded and replied, “We’re friends. We met abroad.” 
Friends… 
No wonder Nora had said just now that the Andersons could get Tanya over! 
Sheril gave her a resigned smile and lowered her head. She said, “Even if we get Tanya over and he returns to me, what if it happens again? If he keeps being tempted by external factors all the time, what can I do the next time it happens?” 
Nora frowned. She said clearly and bossily, “As long as you desire it, I can help you control him forever!” 
When one was strong and capable enough, getting a man they wanted was as easy as ABC. 
If being with Caden would make Sheril happy, then they would just need to make it such that he would never be able to leave her, right? 
It was just a little troublesome in her case because Pete’s father was Justin. 
Had it been someone else, she would have already taken her son with her. 
While Nora was secretly thinking about it, she noticed Sheril looking at her flabbergasted as if she was shocked by her theory. “Is that even possible?” 
This instead puzzled Nora. She said, “You’re rich and you’re pretty. Isn’t it something easily achievable for you?” 
Sheril, “” 
She actually found herself a little convinced!
Seeing that she seemed to be moved by the idea, Nora asked, “Do you want to go back then?” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
Although Sheril wasn’t crying anymore, she was still feeling very down. She said, “I already know that he’s someone who’ll sacrifice me for the sake of benefits, so why would I still want him? I may be sad now, but I’ll meet better men in the future! Moreover, he isn’t handsome anyway.” 
She cheered herself up and said, “Let’s go to the bar, Nora.” 
“…” 
Actually, what she wanted more was to go home and sleep. 
But seeing how dull Sheril’s usually bright eyes were, Nora sighed. “Alright.” 
Sheril looked very sweet and docile, and her straight bangs made her look even more student-like. 
Therefore, Nora had thought that she would just drink a can of beer at most. 
In the end, when they sat on the steps in the park, she instead took out a bottle of vodka and some pairing snacks from the plastic bag of stuff that she bought at the supermarket. 
Nora, “…” 
She suddenly found her very down to earth. 
The night gradually got darker and moonlight shone brightly. 
The sky looked as if it were wrapped in a layer of grayish gauze. 
Most of the people exercising in the park had already gone home.
Nora rarely drank, so she didn’t know how well she could hold her liquor. After having a couple of sips, she vaguely felt like she was seeing double. 
Sheril took a big gulp from the bottle and popped a few snacks into her mouth. Then, she drank again… 
A dizzy Nora tilted her head and asked, “Sheril, why are there two of you?” 
Sheril chuckled and said, “You’re so terrible at holding your liquor, Nora! You’re drunk!” 
Was she drunk? 
Nora stood up. She suddenly picked up her cell phone, entered a series of numbers, and dialed it. 
Someone quickly answered the call. 
Justin’s voice rang out on the phone. “Ms. Smith.” 
Nora’s voice was low and cool. She said, “Mr. Hunt, I’m drunk, so…” 
Justin had just come out of the bath. When he heard what she said, he paused and asked, “So?” 
“Name your price!” The young woman slowly said, “I want to buy you…”
###Chapter 82 – Rachel Wood, Bring That Face of Yours Over!
Chapter 82: Rachel Wood, Bring That Face of Yours Over! 
Justin suddenly tensed up all over. 
He straightened his back, feeling as if all the blood in his body was about to rush straight to his face. 
She wanted to buy him? 
Hah. 
That woman’s way of confessing her love really was very unique. 
His lip corners slowly curled up. However, it was at this moment that he heard the continuation of her words: “…r son!” 
Justin was a little stunned. A look of surprise appeared in his dark blue eyes, and even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed a little puzzled and confused. 
“What?” He asked. 
With the alcohol boosting her courage, Nora repeated, “I want to buy your son! Are eight hundred million dollars enough?” 
However, the man fell silent after she said that. 
Both of them held their cell phones to their ears and kept quiet for a very, very long while. 
Nora looked at her cell phone hesitantly and muttered, “Huh? Is my cell phone out of range? Mr. Hunt, are you still there?” 
“…”
There was still no response from the other side. 
“How strange. Why isn’t he speaking? …Beep… beep… beep…” 
Justin was still at a loss for words even when he heard the disconnected tone in the phone. 
He stared at his cell phone hesitantly for quite a while, unable to understand what Nora was thinking at all. 
Why was she so fixated on his son every day? 
He dried his hair with the towel and changed into his pajamas. After walking out of the bedroom, he saw Sean, who had come to pass him some documents which required his signature. 
Justin picked up the pen, signed the documents, and handed them back to Sean. 
Sean reached out to receive them, but instead found that he couldn’t move the papers at all—Justin was still holding on to them. 
He hesitated for a moment before he asked, “Is there anything else you need me for, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin suddenly asked, “What might be the reason behind a woman constantly paying attention to my friend’s son, and even offering to buy him for eight hundred million dollars?” 
Sean replied, “… I remember Ms. Smith has a daughter herself. Is she trying to get close to you so that she can get the two children engaged to each other?” 
Justin, “?” 
After a long while, a deep voice said, “Get out.”
Sean took the documents from him, turned around, and started walking unhurriedly to the door. He had only just taken a couple of steps when he heard Justin cough and say, “That question was a friend’s, not mine. Also, the woman in question is not Ms. Smith.” 
Sean, who wisely didn’t expose his lie, nodded and said, “Yes, Mr. Hunt.” 
— 
The day of the dance party soon arrived. 
Nora was still asleep when Sheril dragged her out of bed and placed her clothes on her bed. She said, “Hurry up and change, Nora. Even though the party starts in the afternoon, you’ll need time to do your makeup.” 
Nora rubbed her eyes sleepily and asked, “Are you still going?” 
Rachel and Caden would be dancing at the party, so she had thought that Sheril would definitely give up on attending it. 
Sheril, however, was full of fighting spirit. She said, “He’s the one who betrayed me, so why shouldn’t I go? Come on, hurry and get up.” 
Then, she went out to do her makeup. 
However, the moment she closed the door, the light in Sheril’s eyes dimmed. 
A breakup was something very painful. Even if one could think of it in a clear and logical manner, there was no way they could get over it so quickly. 
However, Mom had said that the ones attending the dance party today would mostly be young people. At the same time, it was also an occasion with the most attendees in the near future. Thus, it was the best opportunity to introduce Nora, a young lady of the Andersons, to everyone.
She mustn’t hold Nora back. 
When she was done dressing up and about to go to Nora, Nora’s bedroom door finally opened. Nora wore a white shirt and a pair of black trousers, and also had a black ladies’ blazer on. The outfit was cinched slightly at the waist, making her look neat and dashing. 
Sheril was taken aback. “Nora, why are you wearing that?” 
Nora waved and answered, “If I dress like this, no one will ask me to dance for sure.” 
She didn’t know how to dance. Should someone really ask her to dance, it would be too embarrassing to say that she didn’t know how to dance, so she might as well dress up this way and make it clear that she didn’t want to dance… Well, that was one way to go about it, too. 
Sheril believed her. 
The two went downstairs and got into the car to the dance party. Nora leaned against the window lazily. Suddenly, her cell phone vibrated. 
When she picked it up and glanced at it, she realized that it was a text message from Tanya. It read: “Darling, I’ve arrived in New York! Where are you? I can’t wait to give you a big hug!” 
She sounded as if she was burning with passion. 
Nora smiled and chuckled. Then, her long slender fingers tapped a few times on the cell phone casually and she sent her an address. She wrote: “There’s a dance party here. Are you coming?” 
Tanya replied: “I’ll go, I’ll go! Of course, I have to go! I’m going over right now! Wait for me~!” 
She just knew that that woman loved joining in on the fun.
Nora put her cell phone down and tossed it into her pocket. A frosty look surfaced in her eyes. 
Sheril had said that she would just take it that she was too blind to trust the wrong person, so she would just let the matter with Caden be. She was also thankful to Rachel for helping her screen her ex- boyfriend’s character. 
However, Nora had always been someone who gave tit for tat. 
The dance party was bound to be a very exciting one tonight. 
Soon, the car arrived at the party venue. 
The dance party, which was held in Hotel Finest’s conference hall, was regarded as a gathering of wealthy young ladies and socialites. 
Sheril, who was wearing a red gown, held Nora’s arm gracefully and entered the venue. As soon as they entered, she heard someone next to them say, “I reckon Rachel Wood will probably be the focus of the party tonight!” 
“How can that be? There’s also Ms. Smith!” 
“Don’t you know? Mr. Smith’s condition has worsened. Although Ms. Smith is the one organizing the party, she isn’t here today.” 
“…” 
Upon hearing what they said, Sheril lowered her voice and explained, “This dance party is meant for young people. It’s hosted every year by the one with the best family background among the young women of New York. The Hunts don’t have any young women of suitable age, so the one with the highest status at present is the young lady from the Smiths. She’s Mr. Ian Smith’s adopted daughter and
is very doted on at home. She’s the one who organized all the dance parties during the last few years. She has very good character and is fairly well-known in the circle!” 
Ian Smith’s adopted daughter… 
Nora nodded. 
Suddenly, Sheril stopped walking. Nora followed her line of sight and immediately saw Rachel holding Caden’s arm and walking among the crowd. 
Someone next to them also whispered, “Isn’t Caden Sheril’s dance partner? Why is he Rachel’s now?” 
“I heard it’s because Rachel managed to invite Tanya to go over to her place to teach her dancing. He’s aiming to be a professional dancer, so if Tanya can give him some pointers, he’ll probably have a better chance of winning when he participates in international ballroom dancing competitions!” 
“Huh? But what about Sheril? Poor girl…” 
A stranger’s pity was actually the biggest insult to Sheril. 
She lowered her head and said, “Nora, let’s go to the corner…” 
However, before she could finish, Rachel spotted them from a distance and immediately called out with a smile, “Sheril! You’re here!” 
She dragged Caden with her and came up to Sheril. With a bright smile, she said, “Caden and you always took top place in the past because you had him leading you. I was even thinking of competing with you this year! By the way, where’s your partner?” 
Sheril clenched her fists. 
At this point, the beep of a text message notification rang out.
Nora picked it up and glanced at it—it was a message from Tanya: “I’m reaching in a moment!”
###Chapter 83 – Eating Her Words At The Dance Party! 1
Chapter 83: Eating Her Words At The Dance Party! 1 
After taking a look at the text message, Nora turned off the screen, and tossed the cell phone back into her pantsuit’s pocket again. When she looked up, she noticed that Rachel was looking at her. She said exaggeratedly, “Hey, Sheril, why isn’t your cousin wearing a dress? Doesn’t she dance?” 
Nora’s pantsuit was actually a form of veiled rejection. 
None of the wealthy and nobles liked being embarrassed, so they usually spoke tactfully and would never go too far. 
However, what Rachel said was too direct. 
The look in Nora’s eyes darkened slightly, but before she could say anything, Sheril said, “Neither of us is dancing tonight.” 
“Why not?” asked Rachel, despite knowing exactly why. She asked, “Are you not going to dance just because you don’t have Caden with you now? Why don’t I lend him to you for a dance, then?” 
She nudged Caden. 
Sheril subconsciously glanced at Caden. 
The man in the black tuxedo looked handsome and gentlemanly, but he didn’t dare to meet her eyes. 
When Rachel pushed him forward, Caden automatically took a step back and stood next to her again. He said, “Rachel, we’ve already agreed that I’ll be your dance partner tonight. If I dance with Sheril, then what about you?”
Rachel raised her chin slightly and said, “Tsk, what’s the big deal? Men have the right to choose, right? You can choose between me and her, can’t you?” 
Then, she cast her eyes down and said with a smile, “Sheril and I are cousins, so we’re real close. No matter who you choose, the other party won’t get mad. Right, Sheril?” 
Caden looked at Sheril cautiously. 
Sheril’s heart would always ache whenever he gave her such a fawning look in the past. He was clearly talented, yet he was always looked down upon because of his background. 
Every time he made her angry, she would always relent whenever he looked at her like that. 
But at this moment, all she felt was disgust. 
She looked away and said, “I—” 
Before she could finish, Nora interrupted her coolly and said, “No, it’s fine. She has a dance partner.” 
“She does?” Rachel looked around and said, “Who is it? Why didn’t you bring him over and show us?” 
Nora cast her eyes down. In a seemingly half-amused manner, she said, “You’ll see when the party starts, wouldn’t you? What are you being so anxious for? Oh, I get it. Don’t worry, Sheril won’t take back someone that she’s already thrown away.” 
Rachel, “!!” 
She was originally intending to humiliate Sheril, but Nora’s words in this instant infuriated her instead! 
After Nora said that, she immediately led Sheril away in the opposite direction and deprived Rachel of the chance to say anything.
A vicious look flashed across Rachel’s eyes as she stood where she was. However, she quickly adjusted her expression, took Caden’s arm, and said, “Do your best when you dance later. I want everyone to see that she’s nothing without you!” 
With the exception of Ms. Smith, Sheril had been the most eye-catching person in all the previous dance parties. 
Ms. Smith was a Smith, so it was only natural that she would outshine her, but why Sheril too? Obviously, it was just because she had hooked up with a good boyfriend! 
Without Caden leading her this year, let’s see how she’s gonna dance! 
Nora found a corner, sat down on the sofa, and rested on it. 
She wanted to tell Sheril not to worry and that she would find her a dance partner, but when she looked over, she saw that her head was lowered and she was texting seriously: “Where are you, Logan? You said that we’ll meet at the dance party tonight. Surely you came, right?” 
The situation where Nora couldn’t find a dance partner in the dance studio the other day was still fresh in Sheril’s mind. 
Thus, she had specially told Logan to also attend the dance party tonight, so that her cousin would have a dance partner if she wanted to dance. 
Nora had worn a pantsuit when they left the house, so she hadn’t said anything to Logan. However, she wanted Logan to be her own dance partner now. 
However, he didn’t respond even after she sent the message.
Sheril decided to call Logan. After it rang for a long time, he finally answered. It was just that he sounded terribly tired. He asked, “What is it?” 
Sheril was taken aback for a moment. Then, she asked, “Are you not here yet?” 
“… I’m reaching soon.” 
After he said that, Sheril seemed to hear someone else speaking there. However, she only heard the words “pay off your debt” and “how to run away” before the call was disconnected from the other side. 
Sensing that she didn’t look so good, Nora asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Sheril looked at her. 
The young woman in front of her wasn’t from New York. Mom said that she’d had a hard life and hadn’t seen much of the world before, so she wanted her to spend a little more effort taking care of her. Her cat- like eyes were always downcast and she seemed disinterested in everything. She looked sleepy all day long, yet she had the power to reassure others. 
Sheril said, “Something seems to have happened to Logan.” 
“Oh. Let me see.” 
After saying that, Nora lowered her head and started to use her cell phone. 
Sheril, “?” 
Had it been someone else, she might have found them a little unfeeling, but if it was Nora… Sheril leaned toward her and looked at her cell phone—the screen was completely dark. 
Only a small red dot was moving.
During her moment of hesitation, Nora said, “He should be fine. He’s already at the party.” 
As if to verify the authenticity of her words, almost immediately after she said that, Logan appeared around the corner. 
He was a little pale and he was limping a little. His usually frosty expression looked even icier at the moment and he had an impatient look on his face. He exuded a cold and distant aura that screamed “Don’t come near me”. 
Sheril stood up abruptly. “What happened to you?” 
Logan glanced at her and replied, “I’m fine. I twisted my ankle, that’s all.” 
“…” 
Sheril was about to speak when Rachel’s loathsome voice rang out again. “Sheril, your dance partner must be Logan, right? Did he sprain his ankle?” 
Her voice was a little loud, causing the people around them to look over again. 
Rachel’s little sidekick next to her said, “Of all times to sprain his ankle, he simply had to do it now. Tsk, it’s okay if you don’t wanna dance, you know. You don’t have to make so many excuses… To be honest, your dancing is only so-so without Caden anyway!” 
Rachel frowned. “Don’t say that. How could Sheril possibly have chickened out…? She’s always said that dancing is just a hobby to her. She’s not doing it as a means of livelihood.” 
The sidekick went into mockery mode right away. She said, “Of course, she’s not doing it as a means of livelihood. I mean, how can she possibly compare with you, Rachel? She only got bonus points in the past because she had Caden leading her. You obviously dance better than her. It was just that your partner pulled you back.”
“We’re finally setting things right this year, though. With you and Caden teaming up, you’ll definitely be the dance queen this year! Sheril, just admit defeat if you’re scared. Why put on such a lofty act? Isn’t the purpose of coming to a dance party exactly to dance?” 
Sheril was so angry that her hands were shaking. 
The expression of Logan, who had just entered the venue, turned even icier. 
He endured the discomfort at his ankle and said coldly, “Who says she’s not dancing?”
###Chapter 84 – Eating Her Words At The Dance Party! 2
Chapter 84: Eating Her Words At The Dance Party! 2 
Sheril’s head whipped toward Logan. She frowned and said, “No, we’re not dancing anymore!” 
He had sprained his ankle, so dancing would only aggravate the injury! 
What was the big deal about suffering a little mockery anyway? 
Logan, however, had a frosty look on his face. Then, before he could say anything, Nora stood up and said lazily, “Of course, she’s dancing. Why wouldn’t she?” 
Taken aback, Sheril looked at her. 
Logan rotated his ankle a little. The sprained area was already starting to go numb. He was about to speak when a young man who looked about 22 or 23 years old suddenly emerged from the crowd. He looked bright and cheerful and had big eyes and thick brows. His hair was dyed olive green. 
Isaac Young grabbed Logan’s arm and demanded, “Do you have a death wish, Logan?” 
Logan frowned. “Let go of me! Leave me alone!” 
Isaac lowered his voice and said, “You can’t let your ankle’s condition worsen. This way, you’ll still have a chance to participate in the race three days later! You must understand that you’re not just racing for yourself! Unless you can find a better racer to help you out, you’re already at risk of bankruptcy this time! Will being embarrassed or not even matter at that point?!” 
Logan clenched his fists and looked at Sheril. 
Although she was his elder sister, she was only ten minutes older than him, so Logan had actually always been protective of her. Seeing her being humiliated by others now, how could he possibly ignore
it? 
Isaac spoke again. He said, “Besides, even if you insist, will you be able to dance well?” 
Logan clenched his jaw. 
He didn’t like dancing, so he had only learned a bit of international ballroom dancing. 
During his hesitation, Sheril had already grabbed Nora by her wrist. She said, “Don’t say any more, Nora. I won’t dance anymore. I don’t have a partne—” 
Nora smiled and said, “Who says you don’t have one?” 
Sheril was stunned. The next moment, she saw the young woman reaching up and tying her long hair into a high ponytail. 
Then, her cool and fair slender arm snaked around her waist and she pulled her toward herself. When Sheril jerked forward, she subconsciously held Nora’s shoulder for support. 
Apart from her almond-shaped eyes, everything else about Sheril took after Melissa. She was petite and stood at about 5’3″. 
Nora was 5’7″. In addition, she was already intending to dance with Sheril when they left home, so she had deliberately worn thick-soled shoes. 
As a result, when they stood side by side, their height difference was actually perfect! 
Sheril’s eyes suddenly widened. “You…” 
“That’s right, I’ll dance with you!” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile as she spoke wildly and arrogantly.
Sheril looked at her. Suddenly, she smiled gently and said, “Okay!” 
Since Nora wanted to dance, she would accompany her and have some fun. At most, she would just lead the dance later! 
“…” 
Everyone around them heard their exchange. 
They were stunned, but after a while, Rachel, who was the first to recover, chuckled softly and said, “Are you kidding me? Sheril, if you really lack a partner, why don’t I find one for you instead? Having your cousin dance with you… I mean, she’s never learned international ballroom dancing before, right?” 
As soon as she said that, everyone else also started to talk among themselves. 
“She’s never learned international ballroom dancing? Then what is she trying to be the hero for?” 
“… But don’t you think she looked so alpha and so cool just now?! She’s so handsome!” 
“It may feel good to act cool, but it’ll all go downhill when they dance later! Who doesn’t know how to talk tough?” 
“Hahaha! What a huge joke this is! Just how down-and-out must Sheril be? To think she can’t even find a dance partner and has to resort to dancing with a woman instead?” 
“Speaking of which, the dance queen today will definitely be Rachel! She’s been practicing very diligently. Moreover, she also has Caden with her this time…” 
“I originally thought Sheril still had a chance, but I also think it’ll be Rachel now!” 
“Rachel danced better than Sheril right from the start. Sheril used to rank better than her only because of Caden…” 
Nora didn’t say anything even when she heard the mocking comments coming from everyone around them. 
Action was a more powerful slap in the face. Words were only weak and powerless at moments like this. 
Two minutes later, Nora and Sheril went to the dance floor. Both of them turned a deaf ear and a blind eye to everyone’s speculative looks and words. 
Because of the two of them, everyone gathered around. 
After Rachel and Caden got into position, Rachel gave the two of them nearby a mocking look. 
The first dance of the night was tango. Tango required power, otherwise, the dancers wouldn’t be able to bring out its beauty. A woman competing with a man in terms of strength… She was pretty much just embarrassing herself! 
The corners of her lips curled up. 
The title of dance queen tonight was in the bag. 
Just as she thought so, grand music started to play! 
Rachel instantly got into the mood. She separated from Caden and then violently clashed against each other! 
“Nice!” 
The crowd burst into applause. Rachel kept a straight face on, but a smile nevertheless formed in her eyes.
However, when she looked out from the corner of her eye, she realized that the audience… actually wasn’t watching her? 
Taken aback, Rachel subconsciously turned her head and looked over. 
All the other dancers were more or less already distracted—their gazes were all on the two young women, one in red and one in black. 
When the music started, the looks in the two women’s eyes had suddenly changed, and they separated from each other. 
With her back to her partner, Sheril started to dance and sway to the beat. She was as agile as a snake. A shiver went through the fingertips of her left hand to her left shoulder, and then from her right shoulder to the fingertips of her right hand. 
Then, she suddenly whipped her head back! 
She had initially been worried that Nora hadn’t done a good job at the starting steps, but when she saw Nora, a look of mild astonishment appeared in her eyes. 
The young woman stood there casually, her posture straight and fit. The alluring look in her eyes was as if she were an elegant and noble knight asking her for a dance! 
Sheril twirled right up to Nora in a rush. When she stopped, Nora had already reached out and held her waist. 
The strong beat of the music was exciting and uplifting. 
Their dance was steady and powerful.
The people around them could hardly see their movements. All they could see were their silhouettes, their speed, and a constantly changing center of gravity, which exuded a sense of decisiveness and clear, distinct edges and corners. 
Both of them looked very serious, their gazes a little solemn when they made the occasional eye contact. Yet they also turned their bodies and whipped their heads to the side quickly every once in a while and looked around. 
Their dance steps, which were occasionally still and occasionally moving, as well as the distant and unfamiliar music, cloaked them in a strange and mysterious veil. 
They were the kings on the dance floor, and people couldn’t tear their eyes away from them at all! 
Even Rachel and Caden couldn’t help but look over from time to time… causing them to make quite a few mistakes. 
When the music came to an abrupt end, the hot and sexy dance also finally ended. 
Five seconds of silence later, the party broke into fervent applause! 
“She’s so cool!” 
“Oh my god, who’s that young woman? She’s making me gay!” 
There were also people saying things such as… 
“Sheril also looks great! She’s always been such a great dancer!” 
“I wonder if Caden has regretted his actions…” 
Amid the conversations, a livid Rachel looked at Caden, who was staring at Sheril with an unreadable and constantly changing look on his face. She couldn’t help but snap, “What are you looking at? Even if
she dances well, can she help you get Tanya Turner to give you pointers?!” 
Caden suddenly regained his senses. 
At this point, there was suddenly a flurry of activity at the door! 
Someone exclaimed, “Oh my god! Ms. Smith is so amazing! She’s actually invited Tanya Turner to the dance party!”
###Chapter 85 – Eating Her Words At The Dance Party! 3
Chapter 85: Eating Her Words At The Dance Party! 3 
Rachel craned her neck and looked at the entrance. She saw that a group of people had already swarmed over. 
She glanced at Sheril and Nora who had just finished dancing. A hint of arrogance and triumph flashed across her eyes. She neatened her dress, cast her eyes down, and said, “I’m going to go over and say hello to Ms. Turner.” 
Caden’s eyes lit up. He said, “I’ll—” 
Before he could say the words “go with you”, Rachel cut him off and said, “The people gathered around Tanya over there are all rich and famous young ladies. What are you going over there for? Just wait. Tanya will eventually have to come over to my house for classes. You’ll see her then.” 
She turned and left immediately after saying that. 
Rachel spoke imperiously and loudly, so everyone dancing nearby heard her, causing them to look at Caden in a half-amused manner. 
Caden clenched his fists. He felt as if he had been given a few hard slaps across his cheeks. 
Rachel simply didn’t respect him at all! 
During the last few days where he practiced dancing with her, he had been lectured severely like a kid every day. She had such a bad temper! 
He couldn’t help but look into the distance—the woman in the red gown had already walked over to the sofa and sat down.
Caden, who was having an internal struggle, stood in place for a while. Then, he walked over. 
Dancing tango was very tiring. An out-of-breath Sheril went over to the resting area with Nora and took a seat. 
“You’re amazing at dancing, Nora!” It had been a very long time since Sheril had last had such a good time dancing. A look of excitement came over her rosy cheeks. 
Nora’s lip corners slowly curled into a smile, though she kept quiet. 
The flurry of activity at the door attracted their attention and they looked over to see that a huge crowd had gathered over there. They didn’t know who had arrived, though. 
While they were wondering about it, a few people next to them who were also trotting over to the entrance said, “Tanya Turner’s here! My goodness! This year’s dance party is totally worth coming!” 
When she heard the name Tanya Turner, a taken aback Sheril immediately looked at Nora! 
She remained comfortably seated on the sofa and didn’t move. Instead, she said lazily, “That woman’s the center of attention wherever she goes, so she’ll probably be held up for a while. Don’t worry, I’ll introduce the two of you to each other later.” 
Sheril immediately nodded. “Okay!” 
Anyone who liked dancing would want to get acquainted with someone like Tanya. 
She looked at the entrance excitedly… 
However, a voice suddenly rang out beside her at this moment. “Come with me, Sheril.” 
The familiar voice made Sheril’s eyes dim.
When she turned and saw Caden standing next to her with his usual smile, she felt as if her heart had been pierced by a needle. 
She cast her eyes down and asked coldly and distantly, “Is something the matter?” 
Caden didn’t expect her to treat him so coldly. In the past, whenever he came over to coax her after they got into an argument, even though she had also pulled a long face, she always treated him with respect and followed him to the corner to talk. 
It seemed like she was pretty angry this time. 
Caden let out a sigh. He half-squatted beside her and said, “Don’t be mad anymore, Sheril.” 
“Don’t be mad anymore”… 
He spoke the same way as he had done in the past, like an innocent man with a low EQ who had no idea how he had made her angry. It made one not have the heart to lose their temper at him. 
Sheril cast her eyes down and said, “Yeah, I’m not angry anymore.” 
Caden immediately brightened and reached out to take her hand. However, before he could, the girl avoided his touch. Sheril looked at him coldly and said, “We don’t have anything to do with each other anymore, so why would I still be angry with you?” 
Caden was stunned to the spot. His brows drew together as if he really didn’t get it. He said, “Stop kicking up a fuss, Sheril. There’s really nothing between Rachel and me. We’re just working with each other!” 
Kicking up a fuss?
Sheril smiled wryly, finding him really ridiculous. “Whatever your relationship with her is, it has nothing to do with me.” 
“Sheril, you just said that you aren’t angry anymore, so why are you saying such things again?” Caden took a deep breath and said, “The only reason why I danced with Rachel is for Tanya’s guidance. She does indeed have a bad temper and is always saying things to shame and embarrass you, but can’t you put up with it a little for the sake of my future?” 
He had a smile on his face when he said that. 
Sheril felt extremely disgusted. 
Her expression turned icy and she said, “You’re mistaken about something, Caden.” 
“What?” 
Sheril sneered, “My mother didn’t give birth to me and raise me in fine clothes and exquisite food to have me suffer with you and be bullied!” 
‘Suffer with you’… 
Caden clenched his fists and said, “At the bottom of it all, it’s just because you look down on me, right? You think you’re a rich young lady while I’m a penniless pauper, right?” 
Sheril, “?” 
If she really were someone who cared about things like that, why would she date him for two years? 
However, she couldn’t be bothered to say any more. She immediately said, “Please stay away from me.” 
Caden, however, looked livid. He said, “That’s enough, Sheril! Do you really think you’re some rich young lady? Wake up! The Andersons have long since fallen into decline!”
Sheril’s eyes widened. “What?” 
Caden’s words were vicious and nasty. “Your family is about to fall out of the ranks of the rich soon! What are you still throwing a tantrum like a rich young woman here for?! Your family probably can’t even talk to Tanya Turner, let alone ask her to hold classes! 
“You always say that you’re not interested in becoming a professional dancer and prefer to coop yourself up at home to study medicine, but in my opinion, it’s not because you don’t want to but because you can’t! 
“The only part about you that’s better than Rachel is that you have a better temper! But in terms of family background, how do you even compare to her? She’s the real princess here, alright? Her family can ask Tanya Turner to hold classes for her just because she wants to learn how to dance!” 
While he was talking, Rachel had already squeezed her way to the front of the crowd. 
Tanya was tall and slender. Dressed in a casual outfit and a baseball cap, she was currently signing autographs for others. She had a grin on her face and a hearty, outgoing personality. 
When it was Rachel’s turn, she asked, “Tanya, do you still remember me? The Woods have made an appointment with you for a dance class.” 
“The Woods?” Tanya blinked. “Oh, Rachel Wood, right?” 
Nora had mentioned to her that she was living with the Andersons in New York. 
Thus, she had asked someone to find out more about them. Melissa Anderson, the current mistress of the Andersons, was a daughter of the Woods, so the two families likely shared a very close relationship. 
It just so happened that the Woods had also made an appointment with her for a dance class at a high price, so she had made an effort to remember a bit more about Rachel, lest she embarrasses Nora.
After the two chatted casually a little, Tanya said, “Sorry everyone, I’m here today to look for a close friend. Let’s do the autographs again another day!” 
Everyone there was respectable people in the circle, so they stepped aside after she said that. 
After Tanya left, they immediately surrounded Rachel. 
“Wow, Rachel! Ms. Turner remembers your name!” 
“Given the Woods’ status, coupled with how Rachel is indeed pretty talented in dancing, what’s so strange about Tanya remembering her? That’s the way it should be!” 
As she listened to their flattery, a triumphant smile formed on Rachel’s countenance. 
So what even if Sheril had danced well just now? 
Tanya probably didn’t even know who she was! 
It was just that, who exactly was Tanya looking for?
###Chapter 86 – Why Are You So Interested In M
Chapter 86: Why Are You So Interested In My Son? 
Rachel looked around but instead saw Tanya turning the corner and entering the bathroom at the side. 
“Rachel, what’s Caden doing over there?” 
Her sidekick nudged her arm and said, “Surely, Sheril isn’t trying to poach him while you’re away?” 
Rachel’s eyes turned cold and she started walking over with her. 
As soon as the two approached, they heard Caden say, “… Her family can ask Tanya Turner to hold classes for her just because she wants to learn how to dance!” 
Rachel’s lip corners curled upward. 
Her sidekick said smugly, “It’s not just that! Even a lofty person like Ms. Turner remembers Rachel’s name!” 
Caden turned and looked at her eagerly upon hearing what the sidekick said. 
Rachel lifted her chin triumphantly and said, “I’ll introduce you to Ms. Turner when we meet her again later.” 
Caden immediately nodded. 
Rachel then looked at Sheril and Nora. She smiled and asked, “Sheril, Ms. Smith. Do you want me to introduce the two of you to her, too?” 
Her sidekick immediately complimented her. “You’re so nice to your cousin, Rachel!”
Rachel giggled. “We’re family after all…” 
Sheril looked straight at her. “No, it’s fine. I’m not going professional!” 
Rachel’s expression immediately darkened. 
Caden frowned and said, “Sheril, why are you still being so headstrong? Why are you refusing such a good opportunity?” 
“Because she doesn’t need it.” A clear and cool voice interrupted Caden. 
Nora stood up from the sofa, the corners of her lips curling up when she looked into the distance. 
The few of them followed her gaze and looked over to see Tanya, who had just come out of the bathroom, waving at them and jogging over. 
Rachel was taken aback. 
Next to her, her sidekick immediately became excited. “Rachel, Ms. Turner is waving at you!” 
Caden’s eyes also shone. 
When Sheril had refused to reconcile with him just now, he had actually regretted his actions a little. But seeing how enthusiastic Tanya was toward them now… It seemed like the Woods’ connections were indeed very impressive! 
The sidekick spoke very loudly, so everyone around them also looked over. 
“My goodness, it seems like Ms. Turner really likes Rachel a lot! Is it because she dances well?” 
“I heard that Ms. Turner is very well-respected in foreign aristocratic circles… But she’s being so friendly to Rachel?”
“…” 
The remarks, which were full of envy, made Rachel lift her chin. She hadn’t expected Tanya to have such a good impression of her, either. 
With a smile on her face, she took a couple of steps toward Tanya, ready to greet her. 
Seeing Tanya coming closer and closer to her, Rachel stood still, straightened her back, and said, “Ms. Turner!” 
Her expression was just right. It was neither overly flattering—which would make it look like she was fawning on the other party—nor too cold, which would make Tanya uncomfortable. 
Surely she would become the center of attention after this, right? 
But the next moment, her expression froze. 
Tanya came toward her. 
The two stood facing each other. 
Then, Tanya suddenly turned sideways, bypassed her, and continued forward, passing her by. 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
Then, she immediately heard a voice behind her. “Nora! I missed you so much!” 
Rachel, “” 
She whipped her head around violently to see Tanya stretching out her arms to give Nora a huge hug. However, Nora bent over, stepped aside in disgust, and slid under her arm instead. Then, she pulled her arm and tossed it to Sheril. “Hug her instead. She’s my cousin.”
“Oh, that makes her my cousin, too! Little cousin, you’re so cute!” 
Tanya gave Sheril, who was standing there stiffly, a big hug and pinched her face. She exclaimed, “Your eyes really look like Nora’s! I like them!” 
Everyone was utterly bewildered. 
Didn’t they say that Tanya was here to look for Rachel? But why didn’t the picture in front of them look quite right? 
Rachel herself was also dumbfounded, especially because the looks of worship in the eyes of everyone around her had all changed to probing looks instead. It made her feel like burying herself in a hole right away! 
With her eyes reddened, she clenched her fists tightly and took a couple of steps forward. She went up to the few of them. Unable to maintain her ladylike image anymore, she demanded rather sharply, “Sheril, do you all know Ms. Turner?!” 
Sheril didn’t say anything. 
Tanya, on the other hand, looked at her hesitantly. “Of course! Nora here is my best friend! She is me and I am her! We’re so close that we’re pretty much inseparable!” 
Then, she smiled and said, “You’re a relative of my little cousin here, right? I wasn’t intending to accept the Woods’ class request initially; it was only because you guys are relatives that I took it up. How about this? I’m planning to stay at the Andersons. If you want classes, then come over to the Andersons!” 
Rachel, “!!”
When Rachel’s sidekick heard what she said, she hurriedly said, “But if you go to the Andersons for classes, can we still come along? Rachel, you promised!” 
Tanya looked as if she had been put in a spot when she heard her. She said, “Ugh, it’s very tiring to hold classes, so just come by yourself and don’t bring anyone along!” 
Then, she turned to Sheril and said, “Do you dance, little cousin? I can teach you! Also, it’s the same whether I’m teaching just you or a group of your friends. So, if you have friends who wanna come along, you can bring them along!” 
Sheril was already so dumbfounded that she was lost for words. She said weakly, “I-I don’t need to learn…” 
“Oh no, but that will make me look very useless! And Nora probably won’t like me anymore!” 
Nora’s lip corner spasmed and she almost rolled her eyes. She said lazily, “Who agreed to you staying at the Andersons?” 
Tanya immediately took Sheril’s arm and said, “Little cousin, your cousin has a very weird temper and doesn’t allow anyone to share her bed. Can I sleep with you tonight?” 
Sheril, who still hadn’t recovered from her shock yet, replied, “… Okay.” 
“Are you guys still gonna dance? If not, let’s go? I’m so tired after being on a plane for a whole day!” 
Tanya started dragging Nora toward the exit after saying that. 
Nora avoided her pulling and walked lazily at the side while Tanya took Sheril’s arm. Everyone watched as the three of them went to the underground car park.
“I really thought the Andersons have fallen into decline! I didn’t expect that the Woods were only able to ask Tanya to hold lessons because of their relationship with the Andersons?” 
“No wonder we couldn’t get an appointment with Tanya while Rachel was the only one who managed to!” 
“When you think about it carefully, Sheril actually dances very beautifully! The way her cousin dances the male role is also so cool! I really like it…” 
Everyone’s words made Rachel too embarrassed to stay. She suddenly stomped her foot and ran out crying! 
Only the stupefied Caden continued to stand there stupidly, feeling as if he had missed the chance of a lifetime. 
— 
In the underground car park. 
Tanya and Sheril were walking in front while Nora trailed behind them lazily with both hands behind her head. 
As she walked, someone suddenly grabbed her arm and dragged her over to a black Land Rover! 
She subconsciously threw a punch in defense, but her fist was caught by the man instead. He said, “It’s me.” 
The familiar voice took Nora aback for a moment. It was only then that she realized that the man in front of her, who was a head taller, was actually Justin Hunt? 
She raised her eyebrows. “What are you trying to do, Mr. Hunt?”
Justin trapped her in between himself and the car and let out a playful laugh. His voice was low and rich as he said, “I just want to ask Ms. Smith a question.” 
“What?” 
The man narrowed his eyes dangerously. “Why are you so interested in my son?”
###Chapter 87 – You're A Bad Girl!
Chapter 87: You’re A Bad Girl! 
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios 
Ever since the night that Nora became drunk and gave him a ridiculous call to offer to buy his son, for some strange reason, Justin had been in a rather bad mood the last few days. 
This continued until he came to Hotel Finest today for a meal. The gossipy Chester had live-broadcasted the dance party taking place downstairs. 
He even sent him a video of that woman dancing. 
Seeing the sensational sight of her holding someone else’s waist and dancing, attracting the attention of all the men around her, Justin suddenly became a little angry. 
He was feeling so troubled here, yet that woman was on a roll at the dance party and winning over both men and women? 
Thus, he had saved the dance video along the way and left the restaurant while counting the time. Going by how she didn’t like doing more than necessary, he reckoned that she would probably leave right after she was done dancing. 
Then, he found her jeep in the car park. 
Sure enough, it didn’t take long before the three women came down. 
Nora was a little dazed at the moment. 
Her nose was filled with the man’s grassy scent. His breath tickled her face when he spoke, making the mood rather suggestive.
The lighting in the basement was dim, but the close-up view of the man’s visage was as if it was lit up on its own, especially the cold look in his eyes and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye that exuded a sense of abstinence. It actually made her feel like conquering him. 
She raised her eyebrows and chuckled softly. “What are you talking about, Mr. Hunt?” 
At the sight of her denial, Justin lowered his head and leaned into her ear. “Have you already forgotten, Ms. Smith? I’m afraid you can’t afford to buy my son with just eight hundred million dollars.” 
Afraid of being discovered by Sheril and Tanya, they both lowered their voices as if they were having a word in private. 
Nora leaned back, but her back was already against the Land Rover, so she had nowhere to retreat to. As such, she could only sigh and say, “Is that so? How much are you willing to sell him for, then? Name your price?” 
Justin held her waist with his large hand and chuckled softly. “Have you ever considered a way that won’t require a single cent from you?” 
Nora’s eyes lit up, but right after, she said disappointedly, “… Stealing? It doesn’t seem like a very good idea.” 
After all, Justin’s strength was right there for all to see. 
Justin, “…” 
He discovered that the woman had actually looked rather serious when she said that. So, she had actually really considered stealing his son? 
Stealing someone else’s son? What kind of weird habit was that? 
Justin frowned. “You…”
Before he could finish, however, Tanya’s voice traveled over. “Huh? Where’s Nora? Where did she go?” 
Together with their voices, the other two women started to walk back. 
When she heard them about to come right next to the two of them, for some reason, Nora became a little flustered. She suddenly pushed Justin away forcefully and pushed him to a darker place further inside. 
She immediately walked out and said, “I’m over here.” 
Tanya came over and circled around her. “What are you doing here? Surely you’re not hiding some stray man over here, right?” 
… She really was hiding one, though. 
Nora’s cheeks turned a little red and she let out an awkward cough. She gave her a light push and said, “Are we going or not?” 
Afraid that Nora would really leave her here, Tanya hurriedly turned around. “What are you being so cocky for, Nora? I may just fall in love with you, you know~” 
Nora picked at her ears. “Your love is too cheap. I don’t want it.” 
“…” 
It was only after the three women walked off while bantering with one another that Justin finally came out from behind the Land Rover with a cold look on his face. When he thought of how the woman had pushed him away just now as if he wasn’t fit to be seen, he suddenly felt a little as if they were… having an affair? 
He chuckled softly. He saw the woman get into the car’s back seat without any hesitation and then, she immediately leaned against it.
After loading her luggage into the car, a tall and slender woman then returned to the front of the car. She immediately exclaimed, “Nora, you’re too much! I was stuck on the plane the whole time, yet you’re still making me drive?” 
With her eyes already closed, Nora leaned against the window and said coolly, “I want to sleep.” 
The other woman could only get in the driver’s seat. Soon, the car started moving. 
It was only after they left the car park that Justin realized that he, a man who had always taken full control of his time and never easily wasted it, had actually spent ten minutes standing there and watching her banter with her friend? 
However, when he thought of how she had looked when she pushed him away in a panic just now, his frustrations disappeared. 
Nora leaned against the car seat in a rare moment of insomnia, unable to sleep. 
She thought back to what she had done just now. She didn’t understand why she was suddenly feeling guilty? 
While she was thinking about it, her cell phone beeped. 
She looked down to see that it was Justin’s number. He had sent her a text message: ‘What were you being so shy about?” 
Nora was bewildered. 
She immediately replied: “I wasn’t.” 
After she sent the text message, another beep sounded.
Nora picked up her cell phone again and looked at it. The message read: “Tell me why on earth you’re so interested in my son. I can help you think of a solution that won’t cost you any money.” 
Nora was puzzled. 
She slowly replied: ‘I just find him very cute. I wonder if Mr. Hunt is willing to part with him?’ 
Beep. 
Nora lowered her head and saw another message from him: ‘Are you thinking of becoming his mother?’ 
Nora curled her lip. 
She was his mother herself. What did he mean by ‘becoming his mother’? 
Wait a minute. Didn’t something seem a little wrong here? 
Nora looked at her cell phone again and saw that the man had sent her another message: “Ms. Smith has a very unique way of confessing her love.” 
Nora, “!!” 
As expected, that man was being narcissistic again! 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she immediately sent him three agitated replies: 
“You’re mistaken.” 
“I’m not the one who wants to raise him.” 
“It’s a friend of mine.”
After sending the messages, Nora touched her cheeks, which felt a little hot. 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled into a smile and he let out a deep chuckle as he read the three messages on his cell phone. 
Ms. Smith was totally pulling a friend out of thin air! 
At the same time, at the kindergarten. 
At 4:30 pm in the afternoon, children who’d had their afternoon snack were allowed to play for some time while they waited for the rest of the children to finish eating before they would leave together. 
Cherry had always been a very picky eater. After she was done eating, she carried her little plate over and handed it to the teacher. Her big round eyes blinked as she said, “Ms. Lynn, you’ve lost so much weight again today. You should eat a little more. Cherry has especially left you some of her vegetables.” 
Ms. Lynn was on a diet, so Cherry’s words had undoubtedly hit the spot. 
She was such a cute little girl. Was there anyone who could resist her flattery? 
Ms. Lynn rubbed her head gently and said, “Little Cherry is so smart! People on a diet can’t eat any meat, so I can only eat more vegetables.” 
The other children looked at her enviously. 
Sob! Why was Cherry allowed to skip her veggies?! They also wanted to be picky eaters! 
Cherry ran over happily to the play area to wait. She was about to pick up a Barbie when someone snatched it away. 
Sinead stood in front of her with her hands on her hips and said loudly, “Cheryl, didn’t your mother say that she’s going to get a more professional dancer to do an evaluation for you?
“It’s already been a week, but she still hasn’t gotten anyone over. You’re a liar! And a braggart!” 
All the other children looked over. 
To them, lying was a very bad habit! 
Sinead rebuked, “You’re a bad girl! We’re not gonna play with you!”
###Chapter 88 – Everyone Has A Very Active Imagination
Chapter 88: Everyone Has A Very Active Imagination 
Children also had their own social circle. 
As Sinead’s mother was a dance teacher, there were a few children in the class who liked playing with her very much. 
Thus, when Sinead said that, three to four other children immediately stood behind her in support. 
“Yes, you’re a bad girl! We’re not gonna play with you!” 
“Liar, liar, pants on fire! Your nose is gonna grow longer!” 
“…” 
Sinead immediately looked at Cherry excitedly, especially now that she also had the support of her friends. 
The last kid who went against her had burst into tears after they bullied him the same way. After that, he had even bought them a lot of gifts and begged them to play with him. 
Cherry was a newcomer, so she didn’t have many friends in the first place. Therefore, she would definitely become so scared that she would cry, right? 
She was just thinking about it when she saw Cherry, whom she had scolded, lift her head and glance at her. Surprise flashed across her big round eyes as she said, “I didn’t want to play with a selfish, rude, and uncultured child like you in the first place. You’re thinking too much.” 
Sinead, “?” 
The next moment, she burst into tears and started to wail.
Ms. Lynn had already noticed the two little girls arguing. She hurriedly placed the plate down and rushed over, for fear that Cherry would be bullied. 
As soon as she approached, she heard the bawling Sinead yell, “You’re the uncultured one! You’re the rude one! You’re the selfish one!” 
A puzzled Cherry asked, “Why are you crying when you’re obviously the one scolding me?” 
Sinead suddenly choked on her sobs and even hiccuped. 
Ms. Lynn was rendered speechless. 
Why was she suddenly feeling like she had rushed over for nothing? 
The school bell suddenly rang. Parents were already picking up their children at the door one after another. Sinead cried as she said, “You’re a liar and your mom is a braggart! My mom said that if your mom still can’t get anyone by tomorrow, you can forget about joining the dance performance! Hmph!” 
She immediately ran out after saying that. 
Ms. Lynn held Cherry’s hand and asked worriedly, “Will your Mommy be able to find a more professional dance teacher?” 
Cherry nodded. She sighed seriously and said, “Ms. Lynn, when Mommy’s looking for someone, she’ll keep sending them private messages on Facebook. She says she’ll never stop until they reply! So, Mommy will definitely be able to find someone more professional for me!” 
Ms. Lynn, “…” 
The picture of a single mother in ill health who looked weak and frail, yet was extremely stubborn, suddenly formed in her mind. In order to prevent her daughter from being bullied and developing low self-esteem, she was determined to find her a more professional dance teacher.
It was getting dark, yet she refused to eat or drink. She didn’t dare to sleep, nor did she even dare to cough, lest she woke up her adorable daughter. She sat in front of the computer and constantly sent private messages to people in the dancing field who were more well-respected than Whitney Lowe, begging them to save her daughter… 
Sob, how touching! 
Ms. Lynn squatted down, hugged Cherry, and said, “Little Cherry’s mom is so amazing!” 
Cherry’s eyes brightened. 
Yes, she also found Mommy very amazing! 
When they were abroad back then, Mommy was once looking for someone, but the other party kept ignoring her. So, she had written a program that sent a private message to them every second, and even hacked their cell phone so that they couldn’t block or mute her. She had no intentions of stopping until she successfully forced them to reply to her! 
As for herself, she had instead happily gone to bed. By the time she woke up, the other party was already close to changing their cell phone altogether! Was there anyone who wouldn’t break down after 16 hours of constant harassment? 
The teacher sent Cherry out. Nora and the others weren’t back from the dance party yet, so it was Melissa who came to pick her up. 
When Ms. Lynn handed Cherry to Melissa, she said with her eyes red, “Cherry’s mom’s life is too hard!” 
Melissa, who strongly agreed with her, nodded. She held Ms. Lynn’s hand and said, “Yes, her mom has a hard life. It really isn’t easy to raise a child all alone!”
The two looked at each other, both feeling as though they had found someone who understood how they felt! 
Ms. Lynn sighed silently and said, “Please tell her not to overdo it if she really can’t find a dance teacher who’s more professional than Whitney. I’ll think of something!” 
Melissa was taken aback. “Did something happen?” 
Ms. Lynn was also surprised by her reaction. She asked, “Don’t you know what happened?” 
She gave her a brief account of what had happened. Melissa frowned and heaved a sigh. “That girl is just too considerate. She must have been afraid that I would be put in a spot if I knew what had happened. But how are we going to find a more professional dance teacher than Whitney Lowe in the States?” 
Whitney was one of the rare few dancers in the States who had won in an international ballroom dancing competition. 
It was a very prestigious competition, and few from the States had achieved high rankings even after so many years. 
Ms. Lynn sighed. “You’ll need the champions if you want to suppress her. It’ll be the most ideal if you can find the champion who competed in the same year as her. I’ve already asked around; the champion of that year is named Tanya Turner. She’s also a very outstanding dancer. It’ll be best if you can get her to help. If not, even if you find someone else, with Mrs. Lowe’s authority, no one will dare to go against her. After all, she has the Lowes backing her up.” 
Apart from top-class giants like the Hunts and the Smiths, the Lowes weren’t afraid of anyone else at all. 
Melissa looked thoughtful after she heard what she said.
Meanwhile, the ‘tolerant and understanding’ Nora Smith who had ‘endured a lot of hardships’ had just reached home. 
Tanya stood at the bedroom door and looked at Nora pitifully. “Nora, are you really not gonna let me sleep with you?” 
Nora responded by closing the door with a loud bam. 
Tanya, “…” 
There was a hint of worry in her eyes. 
It seemed like Nora was still very insecure. 
There mustn’t be anyone else in the room when she slept. Otherwise, she would suffer from insomnia. This habit of hers still hadn’t changed. 
Beep, beep! 
She heard a car stopping outside. 
It was Cherry who had just returned from school. Tanya immediately became excited. She left her suitcase in the hallway, went straight downstairs, and rushed out of the door happily. 
“Cherry!” 
Cherry, who was carrying a big schoolbag on her back, was carried down from the car. When she saw her, the little girl’s eyes brightened and she raced over. “Wah! Aunt Tanya! You’re here!” 
Tanya said, “Who’s Aunt Tanya? Call me God-mom!”
Melissa also got off the car. Her mind was fully occupied by thoughts of Tanya at the moment. She had made several phone calls on the way back, but she couldn’t get Tanya’s contact information at all. 
Should she call her elder brother and ask him for help? 
Nora had saved Harmonia Pharmacy with the Carefree Pill after she came to the Andersons. 
She had given the Andersons so much help. There was no way she would allow Cherry to be bullied in school. 
Melissa raised her head with great resolve. 
She picked up her cell phone and dialed her brother’s number. 
The phone rang for a while before someone answered. An impatient voice came from the other end of the call. “What’s the matter this time?” 
“…” 
Melissa fell silent for a moment. Then, she cast her eyes down and asked gently, “Farrell, can you contact Ms. Tanya Turner for me?” 
However, while she was speaking, she suddenly noticed that there was a female stranger in the house. 
She was currently pointing at herself frantically. 
Melissa, “?”
###Chapter 89 – We Were Once In The Same Boat
Chapter 89: We Were Once In The Same Boat 
While Melissa was hesitating, Miranda, her sister-in-law, had already taken over the phone. “What’s all that pretense for, Melissa? Rachel has already come home and told me everything that happened at the dance party! Why is Sheril fighting with Rachel for every little thing?” 
Melissa didn’t have time to respond to the guest. She said anxiously, “What’s the matter, Miranda? I’m just asking for Tanya’s contact informat—” 
Miranda scoffed and said, “Her contact information? Do you even need it when she’s already in your house? You’re doing this deliberately, aren’t you? What’s the big deal? You’re just acquainted with Tanya, that’s all. Has that made you so full of yourself? 
“Know your place, Melissa. You’re no longer a young lady from the Woods but Mrs. Anderson now! Even if you have Tanya on your side, it’ll never change the Andersons’ and the Woods’ social statuses! Sheril had better not fight with Rachel for every single thing. It’s more important for one to know their place!” 
Miranda hung up immediately after ranting fiercely at her. 
Melissa’s grip on her cell phone tightened, causing her fingertips to turn a little pale. 
What did Miranda mean by “she’s already in your house”? 
While she was in a daze, Tanya came up to her and said, “Hi Auntie. Barring any accidents, I should be the Tanya whom you’re looking for.” 
“…” 
Melissa was dumbfounded.
Tanya said very politely, “I’m Nora’s friend. Can I stay at your house temporarily while I’m back in the States?” 
“… Sure.” 
Melissa watched the cheerful Tanya take Cherry’s hand and lead her into the living room, feeling as if she was dreaming. 
Did Tanya just say that she was Nora’s friend? 
It seemed like none of Nora’s friends were simple people? 
Upstairs, in the bedroom. 
Tanya was playing with Cherry. She tossed her high into the air before she caught her again. Cherry was so excited that she couldn’t stop giggling. 
“Again, God-mom!” 
“Again!” 
Next to them, Sheril was watching them in horror, terribly afraid that Tanya would miss and cause Cherry to fall. 
After several rounds, a tuckered-out Tanya slumped onto the sofa. She rubbed her sore arms and said, “I haven’t seen you for only half a year, but why am I having difficulty picking you up now?” 
Cherry climbed onto the sofa and massaged her shoulders with her small hands. “It must be because God-mom has become weaker rather than because I became heavier!” 
“…”
The corners of Tanya’s lips spasmed. 
“You guys are so noisy.” Nora, who was lying on the bed, tossed and turned repeatedly, unable to sleep. She buried her head with a pillow and said, “Can’t you guys play outside? I still have to send Cherry to school early in the morning tomorrow.” 
It was currently only 6 o’clock in the evening while she only needed to wake up at 7:40 in the morning… 
However, the few of them who were familiar with her biological clock didn’t find anything wrong with what she said. 
Tanya even gave a grand wave and said, “Now that I’m here, do you still think you won’t get enough sleep? I’ll take Cherry to school tomorrow morning!” 
As soon as she said that, Nora immediately flipped the quilt aside and sat up. Then, she stretched and walked to the study as she said, “In that case, I’ll go and do a bit of work.” 
Tanya was bewildered. 
She finally realized something and exclaimed, “Were you waiting for me to say that?!” 
Nora yawned. “Uh-huh. It would’ve been nice if you had said it earlier. I had to stay in bed for so long because of that.” 
Then, she entered the study and closed the door right away. 
Everyone was speechless. 
Sheril looked at Tanya cautiously. However, she didn’t see any signs of anger on her face. Rather, there was even a sort of… joy at being exploited 
Then, she saw Tanya hug Cherry and say very gently, “Cherry, shall God-mom bathe you? Let’s sleep together tonight!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
As Cherry blinked with her big round eyes, she hugged Tanya around her neck and said, “God-mom, you must take me to school tomorrow, okie?” 
“No problem!” 
The Andersons’ residence was a villa with guest rooms, so they definitely wouldn’t let Tanya and Sheril squeeze with each other in a room. 
When Sheril was taking Tanya to the guest room, she asked, “Tanya, how did you meet Nora?” 
How did she meet Nora? 
The light in Tanya’s eyes dimmed a little. She lowered her head and looked at Cherry gently before she slowly answered, “We met at a gathering.” 
A gathering? 
Sheril could clearly sense that she was in low spirits, so she very thoughtfully didn’t ask any further. 
Tanya, however, held her arm and asked, “Sheril, are you thinking that Nora treats me too coldly, so you’re afraid that I’ll be mad?” 
Upon having her thoughts exposed, Sheril immediately felt rather embarrassed. 
Be it at the dance party or in Nora’s bedroom just now, there was no way that anyone would say that Nora’s attitude toward Tanya had been warm or enthusiastic. Thus, she really was a little worried.
Tanya suddenly burst into laughter. She picked up Cherry and pressed her cheek against hers. “Don’t worry, she’s really nice to me! Look, she even gave me little Cherry!” 
Sheril, “” 
Tanya then added, “Besides, you don’t have to worry. She and I are so close that we’re pretty much inseparable, because… We used to be in the same boat.” 
Toward the end, she sounded a little dejected. However, she quickly recovered and gave her a wry smile. “Nora’s luckier than me, though. She found hers shortly after she came back to the States… But I’m still looking for mine…” 
Cherry immediately puckered her lips and kissed Tanya on her cheek. She said, “Don’t be sad, Mom!” 
The word ‘Mom’ made Tanya freeze. 
Her eyes reddened and she hugged the soft and tender Cherry tightly. “Little Cherry, you’re really God- mom’s precious little baby!” 
She then entered the guest room with Cherry. 
The two of them played and had fun for quite a while. Before going to bed, Cherry suddenly sat upright and said, “Wait a minute, God-mom. I almost forgot! My spark of friendship is going to go out!” 
After saying that, she got off the bed, ran to Nora’s room, and picked up her cell phone. She was about to leave when she realized that there was no one on the bed and that the lights in the study were still on. 
Cherry slowed down and walked back to the bedroom. Then, she logged on to Facebook and sent ‘Old Ian’ a sticker wishing him goodnight. 
Old Ian also replied to her with a sticker wishing her goodnight.
Only then did Cherry gain peace of mind and put down her cell phone with a smile. 
When she looked back, she saw Tanya staring at her. “Cherry, ‘fess up! Do you have a boyfriend?!” 
Cherry replied, “No, I don’t! It’s Grandpa! Sponsor Grandpa!” 
“…” 
The night passed peacefully. 
Whenever Nora took Cherry to school, she basically woke up at 7:35 and got out of bed at 7:40. Then, she would brush her teeth and leave the house with a baseball cap on without rinsing her face or combing her hair. 
Unlike her, Tanya got up at half-past six. 
She secretly put on exquisite makeup and even mock-snobbishly put on a pair of sunglasses before finally taking Cherry to school happily. 
When they reached the school gates, Cherry just so happened to see Whitney and Sinead also entering when she got off the car. 
Whitney stopped in her tracks when she spotted her. 
Sinead yelled, “A liar is not allowed to go into the school!” 
Whitney also said dispassionately, “Cheryl Smith, it’s not good to lie. As punishment, you are to stand at the school gates and shout a hundred times ‘I was wrong.. I won’t ever lie again’. You can only enter after you’ve reflected upon your actions!”
###Chapter 90 – An Identical Child!
Chapter 90: An Identical Child! 
As a dance teacher in the school, Whitney was authorized to punish students. 
However, her humiliating approach was such that even Ms. Lynn, who was receiving the schoolchildren at the school gates, couldn’t stand it anymore. 
She said, “Mrs. Lowe, let’s not do that. There are a lot of people coming and going here. It won’t be nice if other parents misunderstand that we’re carrying out corporal punishment.” 
Whitney scoffed, “Why would that be? It’s only when the school is strict with their students that we’ll be able to show off how good of an international school this is! It’s precisely because of people like you who spoil the children that Cheryl Smith has developed the bad habit of lying!” 
Her lecturing made Ms. Lynn’s cheeks burn. She was about to say something when Whitney added, “I know, they’re all children from wealthy families, so you don’t dare to scold them. Since I’m the one lecturing them now, you can stop being so meddlesome!” 
The teachers in international schools were all doctoral students from prestigious schools! 
They were fluent in at least three languages, so they were able to communicate with the children without any obstacles. 
After they were hired, they even had to study psychology, early childhood education courses, and undergo other kinds of professional training before they could officially commence work there. 
Of course, the salaries were also scarily high. 
Ms. Lynn came from an ordinary family, so the fact that she was a teacher in the kindergarten went to show that she was an outstanding talent. She narrowed her eyes and said, “Mrs. Lowe, no matter what,
corporal punishment is still against the law.” 
Whitney, however, remained unmoved. Instead, she even said, “Oh, feel free to call the police and have them arrest me, then.” 
Ms. Lynn, “…” 
She clenched her fists. “Mrs. Lowe, let’s not go too far! You were obviously the one who was being aggressive that day and insisted that Cherry wasn’t suitable to dance. Her mother only said that she was going to find someone more professional because she was afraid that it would affect the child…” 
Whitney had an icy-cold look on her face. With an air of arrogance unique to artists, she said, “Ms. Lynn, one mustn’t make up excuses when they make mistakes. No matter what, the children must do what they say.” 
She looked at Cherry and said, “You can’t unring the bell. People have to take responsibility for their actions. Cheryl Smith, go and stand at the gates!” 
After saying that, she took Sinead’s hand and got ready to enter the school. 
At this point, a voice reached their ears. “Tsk, Whitney. Have you already learned how to bully children during these few years that we haven’t met?” 
Tanya took off her sunglasses. She hadn’t said anything just now because she wanted to see if there were any reasonable teachers in the school. If there weren’t, then it would be better to withdraw as soon as possible. 
Secondly, she was trying to gain an understanding of the situation through their exchange. 
When she shot Cherry a glare, she immediately saw the little girl sticking out her tongue at her. At once, she became caught between laughter and tears. No wonder the little fellow had slept with her the night
before and insisted that she took her to school today. 
Here she was, thinking that the little fellow really missed her! 
Tanya mentally dissed Cherry while she admired the look on Whitney’s face, which looked as if she had just seen a ghost. 
Tanya sneered, “You were just a bad dancer a few years ago, but unexpectedly, even your eyesight has become bad after a few years. Not only has Cherry’s physique achieved the golden ratio, but her limbs are also long and slender. She clearly has great potential to be a dancer! 
“If it wasn’t because her mother dotes on her too much and didn’t have the heart to make her suffer the pain of training to do splits and leg stretches, I would’ve taken her as my student a long time ago. Who do you think you are? How dare you say that she doesn’t have any potential for dancing? 
“If she doesn’t have any potential for dancing, then who does? That chubby daughter of yours? This must be the biggest joke I’ve heard this year!” 
Whitney, “!!” 
She was already rendered speechless. The sight of Tanya made her feel as if she had returned to the competition from a few years ago! 
Back then, she was young and high-spirited and didn’t know that there would always be someone better out there. On the eve of the competition, she had gone up to Tanya—who had already won two championships in a row—and declared, ‘I will definitely be the champion this year!’. 
Tanya hadn’t said anything at the time, but right after that, she had used her own capabilities to make her eat her own words in the competition. 
No one had managed to outshine Tanya after that! 
To date, she was the only person in international ballroom dancing history who had successfully performed moves of the highest level of difficulty! 
Back then, she had glanced at her after she finished dancing. 
That glance of hers had exuded a champion’s contempt. 
For so many years, Whitney had been hailed as the top dancer in the States, but every time in the dead of night, she would always see that contemptuous look in Tanya’s eyes… 
And now, she was here! She was here again! 
Whitney took a step back in fright. She suddenly pushed Sinead to Ms. Lynn, turned around, and got into her car as if she were fleeing. She slammed the door shut and gasped for air. 
Everyone was utterly bewildered. 
No one had expected Whitney to actually be so weak. 
The corners of Tanya’s lips were even spasming at the sight. She handed Cherry to Ms. Lynn and said, “Hello, I’m Tanya Turner. Cherry is very talented in dancing.” 
Ms. Lynn, “!!” 
Oh my goodness! 
Cherry’s mom had really managed to get Tanya over! 
Was this what they meant by ‘faith will move mountains’? 
She looked at Tanya all starry-eyed and said, “Ms. Smith has done so much! Good work!”
Tanya was bewildered. 
Nora was still sleeping at home while she brought Cherry to school. On top of that, she even had to help her teach someone a lesson. ‘Good work’? Yeah, right! 
Seeing that Cherry had entered the school, Tanya turned and shot Whitney a sharp look. 
In the car. 
Whitney hurriedly shrank back in fear. While watching the video she had just recorded, she instructed the chauffeur, “To Mr. Lowe’s office!” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
When Whitney arrived at the Lowes’ company, her husband, Bob Lowe, was just about to head out. He was a little taken aback when he saw her. “Why are you here, darling?” 
Whitney grabbed his hand and said, “Dear, I might be in trouble.” 
A smiling Bob asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Whitney took out her cell phone and started playing the video she had recorded. She pointed to the exquisite and adorable Cherry on the screen and recounted what had happened to him. She said, “… I’ve already checked her background. She’s a child from a single-mother family and doesn’t have a father, so I bullied her a little without any reservations. But in the end, her mother actually got Tanya over! Dear, given how arrogant Tanya is, there’s no way ordinary people can get her to help. Is there a chance that this child comes from some sort of influential background?” 
Bob smiled and patted her hand reassuringly. “There are only a few families who are more powerful than us in New York. The Smiths’ children are in school while the Hunts hire private tutors for all their children,
so you don’t have to worry. I reckon it’s just a coincidence that she managed to get Tanya Turner to help.” 
It was only then that Whitney heaved a sigh of relief. Then, she realized that she had made a mountain out of a molehill. 
She let out a cold laugh and said, “I can put my mind at ease now, then. Isn’t the reason why she tried so hard to get Tanya over none other than to take the center position from Sinead? Hah! I’ll definitely make it such that she won’t be able to bear the consequences of her actions!” 
She wanted to dance, right? One must know that there were many different kinds of ways to teach someone how to dance! For example, leg stretches… splits… 
Bob comforted her a little more before he left. 
He was going to discuss future partnership plans with Mr. Hunt today. 
When he arrived at the Hunt Corporation, the secretary led him to the top floor. 
As he observed the unique environment around him that was found nowhere else in New York, Bob’s respect for Justin grew a little more. 
When they arrived, Sean stopped them. He said, “I’m sorry, Mr. Lowe. Please wait a moment. Mr. Hunt is currently keeping his child company while he does his homework. His work hours only start at ten.” 
It was said that Justin had a child whom he kept very well-protected. To date, there were very few who even knew whether his child was a boy or a girl. 
Bob hurriedly replied ingratiatingly, “It’s fine! Mr. Hunt is such a good father!” 
At ten o’clock, the door to the office opened.
Bob and the others entered. 
He kept his head down, not daring to look at Justin. However, his gaze swept to the side out of the corner of his eye to see a small child sitting there doing their homework seriously. 
Bob hurriedly retracted his gaze. 
However, the next moment, his head suddenly whipped back up. 
Why did that child look so familiar to him? He actually looked exactly the same as the child in the video that Whitney had shown him just now!
###Chapter 91 – Is She Qualified to Be Mrs. Hunt?
Chapter 91: Is She Qualified to Be Mrs. Hunt? 
Bob was in a constant state of anxiety during the entire meeting, and he glanced at the child sitting there quietly from time to time. 
His hair was neither long nor short. He looked like a boy, but his delicate features and fair skin made it seem like he could also be a girl. 
“… eighteen plots of land will have the best development prospects in New York in the future, but we simply cannot afford such a huge project.” The project manager who had come along with Bob looked at Justin respectfully and asked, “Mr. Hunt, may I know if you’re interested in working with us?” 
Bob hurriedly retracted his gaze and looked at Justin. 
He was leaning back on the chair the whole time while the project manager was talking, and his entire self exuded an air of indifference. Although he didn’t say a word throughout the whole process, the project manager pretty much glanced at him every time he finished a sentence. 
Justin didn’t do anything, yet the entire negotiation was under his control. 
His eyes were as deep and bottomless as a well, and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye even added a bit of a mysterious aura to him, making it impossible for anyone to read his thoughts. 
His slender fingers with distinct joints tapped lightly on the black marble tabletop, causing everyone else’s hearts to also pound along with the rhythm. 
Bob was also a well-respected and influential man in New York, but in front of Justin, he nevertheless didn’t dare to even breathe a little louder than usual. 
While his imagination was running wild, Justin slowly said, “No, I’m not interested.”
Bob and the project manager’s eyes widened suddenly and they looked at each other incredulously. 
It was thanks to their investments in real estate that the Hunts had surpassed the Smiths to secure their position as the number one family in the States. Over the years, the Hunt Corporation had also spread their net even wider and successfully purchased quite a lot of land. 
Very few plots of land had been put up for sale in New York during the past two years. It really was no easy feat to get such a large plot of land. 
Bob had used a lot of connections before he managed to purchase the plot of land. Even when the funds needed had exceeded what he could provide himself, what he had thought of was still to have others join him instead of giving up the plot of land. 
In their opinion, Justin really shouldn’t refuse such a good deal. 
Bob stood up. “Mr. Hunt, this piece of land is really something that only comes by once in a blue moon. Are you sure you don’t want to consider it further?” 
Justin stood up, his tall and lean figure making even the entire office seem a little cramped. He neatened his suit and said, “See the guests out, Sean.” 
Bob still wanted to say more even when Justin said that, but when his gaze met Justin’s expressionless countenance, he subconsciously closed his mouth. 
Even after Sean saw them out of the office, Bob still couldn’t recover. 
Why had the Hunts suddenly changed their strategy? 
Next to him, the Lowes’ project manager was chatting with Sean. He asked, “We’re old buddies, Sean. Can you give me some insight as to why Mr. Hunt rejected the partnership offer?” 
The reticent Sean glanced at him and said, “Mr. Hunt is in a bad mood today.”
“…” 
Even the project manager couldn’t help but fall silent. 
Just because he was in a bad mood, he had rejected a huge project worth a few dozen billion dollars. Mr. Hunt sure was willful! 
Tumultuous waves, however, churned in Bob’s heart. He asked tentatively, “Is it because of his child?” 
Had Mr. Hunt caught wind about what had happened in the kindergarten? 
Was that why he had rejected his offer? 
While he was wondering, Sean nodded. “Yes.” 
Bob, “!” 
He wanted to ask further, but Sean refused to reveal any more. 
Bob and the project manager didn’t dare to pester him further, either. They could only ask Sean to relay their message to Mr. Hunt and ask him to reconsider carefully before they went downstairs. 
On the top floor, inside the office. 
After they left and the door closed, Justin walked over to Pete and stood in front of his desk. 
Pete lifted his head and looked at him. 
Father and son stared at each other for a long while before Justin finally asked, “Are you going to cut your hair or not?”
Pete replied simply and concisely, “No.” 
Justin, “…” 
His son’s hair had already reached almost under his ears. If he continued to let it grow, he would even be able to braid them soon! 
Had it been before, he would definitely have held his son down and forced him to cut his hair. Now, though… The family doctor had said that his personality switching back and forth was a sign of mental illness. 
He mustn’t force him to do things he didn’t want to do during such moments. 
Justin suppressed his anger and asked as calmly as he could, “What must I do before you’ll cut it?” 
Pete lowered his head and returned to his homework. He replied, “You’re a man, Daddy. Why do you keep staring at my hair? If you’re that free, why don’t you think about how to woo Mommy instead?” 
He needed to switch places with his sister once in a while. If he cut his hair too short, wouldn’t they be exposed? He wanted to let Cherry grow out her hair, so even though the grown-out hair was uncomfortable, he would just grin and bear with it until they acknowledged one another. 
Justin, “” 
Wasn’t the only reason why he had become such a naggy father—the unpredictable changes in his behavior?! 
Besides… 
Justin frowned and said seriously, “You got it the other way round, Pete. Your Mommy is the one who’s wooing me. I’m in the midst of considering whether she’s qualified to become Mrs. Hunt.”
Pete, “…” 
He looked at his father, who had always been very strong, powerful, confident, and in control of everything. However, his baseless confidence in this instant instead rendered him speechless. 
If Mommy were to really make a move on him, he would definitely be very easy to woo and would fall for her the moment she did. 
Sigh. Men were just so contrary. 
Someone knocked on the door at this point. 
Sean walked in and said, “Mr. Hunt, the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten has sent you an invitation to their 50th-anniversary celebrations. May I know if you want me to reject the invitation?” 
The Golden Sunshine Kindergarten was founded abroad. 
The founder had very high EQ, so the branch in New York had nearly gathered all the children of the wealthy families. 
The Hunts’ children never attended kindergarten, but the school nevertheless wisely took the initiative to ask them every year and even offered them a few places. 
In addition, they never left them out during celebratory occasions like this, either. 
Justin had never participated in previous years, but this year… 
He thought back to the time when Nora made up the excuse that he was the one who had given her the recommendation letter for her daughter’s admittance into the school. In an uncharacteristic move, Justin suddenly said in a stuck-up manner, “I’ll go if there’s nothing scheduled on that day.”
Sean said, “You have a video conference in the morning that day, Boss.” 
“Then cancel the meeting.” 
Sean, “” 
At the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten. 
It was time for dance lessons again. Ms. Lynn was still sighing while she sent Cherry to the dance studio. She said, “I don’t know whether I’m right or wrong in bringing you here, either. But since your mother has managed to ask Ms. Turner to speak up for you, no matter how strict Mrs. Lowe is on you, don’t give up, okay?” 
“Don’t worry, Ms. Lynn! Cherry won’t cry, yeah!” 
Cherry’s young, tender voice made Ms. Lynn’s heart melt. She kept looking back as she left the dance studio as if it was her own child she was seeing off. 
Whitney stared at Cherry. When she thought of how she had fled the scene earlier that day, she said coldly, “You don’t have any dancing foundation, Cheryl Smith. Go to the side to do your stretching and practice your splits! You can only join the practice after you’re done!” 
Cherry didn’t refute Whitney this time because what she said made sense. 
She walked over to the wall in silence. 
A triumphant smile formed on Whitney’s face as she watched her from the back. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang.
###Chapter 92 – A Little Sidekick
Chapter 92: A Little Sidekick 
Whitney never answered phone calls during lessons. However, she had set this particular unique ringtone for her husband. 
Whitney was a professional dancer, and the Lowes treated her very well after she married Bob. This was also what gave her the confidence to be so arrogant. 
When she realized that it was her husband who was calling, she told the children to stay where they were and play for a while. Then, she walked to the side, took out her cell phone from her bag, and answered the call. 
Cherry had grown up being pampered and had never suffered any hardships before. She did indeed find actions like barre rises, splits, and stretching exercises very difficult. 
Her leg was propped on a small stool while her chubby little arm tried hard to stretch forward to touch her toes… 
Children were rather flexible, after all. Moreover, her physique was indeed very suitable for dancing, so she succeeded in one go. 
She stood up straight excitedly. When she saw that the other children were all playing, she also decided to take a break. However, it was at this moment that she suddenly heard a loud and sharp shout. 
“Cheryl Smith!!” 
Cherry jumped in shock. She looked over to see Whitney glaring at her. The white part of her eyes was bigger than other people’s, so she looked a little scary when she was glaring at someone like that.
Whitney had reprimanded Cherry because she noticed that she was slacking off. Before she continued, she pressed the button to pick up the call. Right away, she heard her husband’s anxious voice coming from the other end. 
“You mustn’t do anything to that little girl!” 
Before Whitney could ask why, he went on and said, “I know who she is now! Her father is Justin Hunt!” 
Whitney, “” 
Her eyes widened in astonishment. Bob continued and said, “No wonder they could get Tanya Turner to make a trip specially for her! Also, he rejected our partnership proposal today because of his child!” 
Whitney, “!!” 
“Alright, I’m hanging up. I have to check if there’s anyone else who wants to be part of the project. Sigh!” 
Bob hung up without giving Whitney any chance to speak at all. 
In the distance. 
Cherry was frozen in place after Whitney’s yell. Sinead took the opportunity to walk up to her. She made a face at her and said, “Hmph, how dare you slack off! Mommy will definitely punish you!” 
The other children also chimed in anxiously and said, “Cheryl, hurry and continue practicing. Mrs. Lowe is very, very fierce!” 
“Ah! Mrs. Lowe’s coming over!” 
Someone yelled, causing everyone to immediately disperse.
A triumphant Sinead stood beside Cherry and made another face at her. “Hmph! Mommy’s here to lecture you now! You’re gonna cry very soon!” 
Cherry, “?” 
The little fellow frowned. Just as she was wondering how she could get out of the situation if Whitney were to start scolding her, she noticed Whitney standing in front of her aggressively. She said, “C- Cherry…” 
Using a nickname felt like it would make their relationship feel a little closer. 
Next to them, Sinead made faces at her and taunted, “The calmer Mommy is, the more miserable you’ll be later!” 
As soon as she said that, however, the expression on Whitney’s face turned awful. The corners of her lips twitched forcefully and she forced a smile that looked even fiercer than if she were crying. Then, she asked stiffly, “Do you want to be in the center?” 
Sinead, “” 
Cherry, “” 
Both kids were dumbfounded. 
Before Cherry could answer, Sinead suddenly burst into tears with a loud wail. “Mommy, you’re a bad person! The center position is mine!” 
Cherry, “…” 
Well, that was rather sudden. 
And Mrs. Lowe, too. Could she refrain from smiling? It was really pretty scary.
Cherry tilted her head and thought for a while. Then, she replied happily, “Yes!” 
Whitney forced another smile. “Okay. You’re in the center position from today onward. Don’t practice splits anymore. You can return to the team now.” 
Then, she started to lecture Sinead. “Stop crying. You’ll be standing next to her, so it’s no different from being in the center!” 
“Wail…” 
Sinead, who refused to listen to her, started crying even louder. 
Cherry ignored the two of them. She ran to the center of the children and stood in the position that originally belonged to Sinead. 
Hmph. 
Originally, she wouldn’t have had any interest in the center position if Sinead didn’t create any trouble. After all, she was a newcomer! However, Sinead had bullied her. In that case, she would make life difficult for Sinead! 
Mommy had taught her that one could take anything they want except the short end of the stick! 
After some time, Whitney finally got Sinead to stop crying and they resumed practice. 
Cherry had an undisciplined lifestyle. As her IQ was very high, she had little patience. However, now that she was in the center position, she didn’t dare to slack off or take a sloppy attitude anymore. 
After half an hour, she had already memorized most of the dance moves. Her talent alarmed even Whitney.
No wonder Tanya said that she wanted to take her as her student! 
After the dance lesson, everyone returned to the classroom. 
“I want to sit with Cheryl Smith!” 
“Me, too!” 
“Go away! I’m the one who’s gonna sit with Cheryl!” 
Several children carried their little stools over to sit with Cherry. For a while there, she became the class’ favorite person. 
Ms. Lynn sighed at the sight of them quarreling, her head hurting. 
Cherry was just too popular! 
She squatted down and said, “Alright, stop arguing, everyone. Cherry, who do you want to sit with?” 
Cherry carried her stool, ran into the crowd, and sat down next to a handsome little boy. She said, “I wanna sit next to Seth Walker!” 
“Why?” Ms. Lynn asked. 
Cherry replied loudly, “Because he’s the most good-looking one here! Good-looking people play only with good-looking people!” 
Sinead burst into tears with a loud wail again. “No wonder Seth has been ignoring me! So, it’s because I’m not good-looking enough!” 
Everyone was speechless.
After class, everyone ran over to Cherry to play with her again. Not only did she have a good temper and often came up with a lot of fun ideas, but the teachers also liked her very much. Most importantly, even the dance teacher whom everyone feared didn’t dare to bully her. She was simply too amazing! 
Cherry was playing with building blocks when a little boy suddenly walked over. He asked, “Hey, are you Cheryl Smith?” 
Cherry looked up to see a handsome little boy with fox-like eyes standing in front of her. The boy said, “I’m the boss of this kindergarten! Become my underling, and I’ll take care of you in the future!” 
Cherry pouted and replied, “I’m the boss here!” 
“Hmph!” The little boy said, “How dare you try to snatch my position as the boss! On account of how good-looking you are, I shan’t beat you up! Hurry up and call me Boss!” 
Cherry blinked. Next to her, Seth said, “He’s Brandon Smith. The Smiths are the most powerful among everyone here, so you’d best not offend him.” 
Cherry, “?” 
She placed her hands on her hips and said, “What’s so great about using your family background to compete with others? If you’re that great, then let’s compete in other things! The winner will be the boss!” 
Brandon immediately puffed up his little chest and said, “Only boys can be bosses! How can a little girl be the boss? If you can become a little boy, then I’ll acknowledge you as my boss!” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up. “Okay! You gotta keep your word!” 
“Hahahaha!” Brandon laughed. “So, you’re actually a little dummy! My Mommy said that there’s no way anyone can change their gender, yeah! If you can’t become a little boy, then you’ll have to listen to my
commands in the future and become my sidekick!” 
###Chapter 93 – The Photo From The
Chapter 93: The Photo From The Live-Stream 
Seth tugged on her sleeve again. “Cherry, a girl won’t be able to become a boy. You’ll definitely lose, so don’t agree to it!” 
In a soft and tender voice, Cherry replied, “I have a way around it, yeah!” 
Brandon touched his hair and snorted again. Only then did he walk away with his hands in his pockets. 
After he left, Sinead rushed over to Cherry. She lifted her chin and said, “Cheryl, you’re in trouble! Your life will definitely be very hard now that Brandon has set his sights on you! He loves making his sidekicks bark like a dog the most! You’re gonna be Cherry the Doggy tomorrow!” 
In the midst of her gloating, puzzlement flashed across Cherry’s big round eyes and she asked, “But how does one bark like a dog?” 
Sinead immediately bent over, held her hands up like little paws, and said, “Woof! Woof!” 
Then, she stood up straight and said, “Like that!” 
Cherry asked again, “Like how?” 
Sinead frowned and said, “Why are you so stupid?!” 
Then, she did the same pose again and imitated a dog again. “Woof! Woof! Woof!” 
Cherry grinned and exclaimed, “I see! So, you’re Sinead the Doggy!” 
Sinead, “…” 
When she realized that Cherry was mocking her, she burst into tears with a loud wail again.
“…” 
Classes for the day ended very quickly. In the afternoon, parents came one by one to pick up their children. 
When Cherry left home in the morning, she already knew that Tanya would be the one picking her up after school because Mommy would definitely slack off. Sure enough, when she went out, she spotted Tanya standing there. 
She skipped over, got into the car with Tanya, and went home together with her. 
At the Andersons. 
The kindergarten took care of all three meals a day for the children, so Cherry, who’d already had her dinner in school, usually didn’t eat any more after she went home. Thus, while the rest of the Andersons were having dinner, she secretly hid upstairs and gave Pete a video call. 
As soon as the video call connected and she saw her brother, Cherry immediately smiled sweetly and said, “I missed you, Pete!” 
Pete was currently doing his homework seriously and the background of the video was his study. 
He picked up his earphones, put them on, and said, “I miss you and Mommy too.” 
Cherry asked, “In that case, can we switch for a while?” 
Pete, “” 
He was a little hesitant. “Haven’t you already started to attend school? It seems like the kindergarten uniform is a skirt?”
“But…” Cherry lowered her head and twiddled her thumbs. A grimace appeared on her adorable little face and she said, “Someone’s bullying me in school. He wants me to be his sidekick.” 
Pete panicked the moment he heard that. He said, “I’ll switch with you!” 
His younger sister was only allowed to follow after him and be protected by him. Who was the little brat that was so daring as to bully his younger sister? 
Cherry’s eyes lit up immediately and she threw her brother under the bus without any hesitation. She said, “We have dance lessons every day for the performance during the celebrations, so you’ll also have to practice.” 
Pete, “!!” 
He didn’t want to wear a skirt or dance, but for his sister’s sake… He could only grin and bear with it. 
Cherry hopped off the chair and moved her phone a little further away. “Let’s practice the dance moves, Pete!” 
“… Okay.” 
At the Hunts’. 
Justin had an important and mysterious meeting later, so he finished all his work early. After dinner, on the way to his study, he passed by the door to his son’s small study. 
He was currently on the phone with his son’s psychiatrist. “… Yes, it’s been quite a long while since his last relapse. He’s been pretty normal during the last few days. His behavior and so on aren’t as weird as before anymore.” 
The psychiatrist replied, “In that case, Pete’s condition has likely stabilized. If there’s no relapse after a few more days of observation, then perhaps he’s recovered.”
Justin heaved a sigh of relief. 
After hanging up, he sneaked into his son’s study to check up on him and see whether he had encountered any difficulties in his studies. 
While personally supervising Pete’s studies recently, he found that his genius son had returned. 
As expected, his utter ignorance in history and mathematics when they were in California were due to psychological reasons! 
He gently opened the door to the small study. He had originally thought that he would see the usual sight of his son sitting at his desk and reading seriously, but unexpectedly… 
Cherry’s adorable voice rang out in Pete’s earphones: “Twist your hips, Pete!” 
Pete stuck his hips out and twisted them. 
“Pete, do this action when the flowers bloom! After that, you must smile!” 
Pete’s fingers curled into a dainty pose and he held his chin with his hands before he gave a sweet smile. After that, he asked, “Is this okay?” 
“Pete, you should say, ‘Is Cherry doing okay?’ instead! That’s how I talk, yeah!” 
With much difficulty, Pete said, “… Okie-Dokie! Cutely, yeah! Adorably, yeah! …” 
After saying that, he turned and immediately spotted Justin who was at the door. 
The man’s and the boy’s eyes met, and for a while, it was dead silent in the study. 
Five seconds later…
Bam! 
Justin shut the door. It must be because he didn’t open it the right way just now! 
He turned around, picked up his cell phone, and called the psychiatrist. “It seems like Pete… is having a relapse again.” 
“…” 
At the Andersons. 
When Cherry saw that Pete wasn’t moving, she asked anxiously, “What’s wrong, Pete?” 
Pete stood up straight and went back to his usual expressionless self. He replied, “The tyrant came just now.” 
Cherry said, “Really? I’ve not seen handsome Daddy for so long! I miss him so much!” 
Pete changed the subject. He asked, “Is there anyone whom you’re particularly good friends with in the kindergarten?” 
“Yes, yes!” Cherry became excited at the question. “I’m great friends with Seth Walker! He’s really good- looking, and he can even do Mathematical Olympiad questions!” 
Pete, “” 
He glanced at the Mathematical Olympiad worksheets on his desk. A contemplative look flashed through his big eyes that looked identical to Cherry’s. He said, “I’ve mastered the dance. Let’s hang up for now?” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
After hanging up, it was now time for Cherry’s live-stream.
She started a live-stream. Sure enough, she saw that her number one fan, Sponsor Grandpa, was already there. Cherry immediately greeted him and said, “Hi, Sponsor Grandpa!” 
Ian’s response was: ‘Grandpa has sent you 999 airplanes’ 
Cherry giggled. Suddenly, a message popped up on the live-stream interface: ‘The Mid-Year Live- Streaming Contest is accepting applications now! Come and sign up!’ 
The live-streaming platform she used held two live-streamer contests every year. One was held in the middle of the year while the other was held at the end of the year. In the contest, two live-streamers would be pit against each other, with the winner progressing to the next round. The top ten finalists would win promotional resources and even become part of the Top Trends on Facebook. 
Without even taking a good look at the pop-up message, Cherry immediately tapped ‘Join’. 
Every live-streamer was required to fill in their personal information during the registration process. As a result, the applications were accepted by default. 
Cherry didn’t think much about it and immediately switched on the game interface. 
Thus, she didn’t notice that a customer service staff member had sent her a private message: “Hi sweetcherry, this is customer service staff Kay at your service. I noticed that you’ve signed up for the live-streamer contest. I’ll need a photo of you for registration purposes. Can you send one to me, please?” 
After a few minutes, when the customer service staff saw that she wasn’t replying, they sent another message: “Please note that if we don’t receive any reply, by default, we’ll have to use the photo of you during your live-stream.”
###Chapter 94 – A Wet Dream
Chapter 94: A Wet Dream 
Cherry didn’t know at all that the platform had sent her messages. Neither did she understand things like customer service and so on. She was engrossed in the game, so she didn’t reply to the messages at all. 
As a result, when the customer service staff didn’t get any response from her, they used a photo of Cherry from that one and only time she had revealed her face and her mask had dropped off for the contest. Then, they sent her another message: 
‘The photo has been uploaded. We are currently in the registration phase. The contest will start tomorrow. Opponents will be randomly assigned when it starts. We look forward to your great performance in this contest!’ 
But of course, Cherry wasn’t aware of any of this. 
“Do you really know how to play? You’re not using a computer keyboard, you know. There are only four or five buttons on the cell phone, yet you’re still pressing the wrong ones all the time! Even your pet cat pressing randomly on the phone can play better than you!” 
After dinner, Nora went upstairs. The moment she opened the door, she immediately heard the irritated Cherry scolding someone. The corners of her lips spasmed a little as she poured her a glass of water. 
Cherry was using the study, so Nora went to the sofa and turned on her computer. 
With her eyes downcast, Nora’s long slender fingers flew across the keyboard as she typed a few letters on a webpage. A dark webpage loaded. She then typed another few letters and it changed to another webpage. 
After another few times of the same thing, she reached the final destination.
It was the web version of a chat room belonging to the Imperial League. 
The Imperial League consisted of more than a dozen people, and each of them had their own dedicated account. At six o’clock New York time on this day every month, they would hold an hour-long meeting to discuss world economic trends. 
Just a casual word from them could change the structure of the economy and cause huge fluctuations in the corporate world. 
The chat room had a black background. 
None of them knew who any of the others were. The only thing they knew was that the prerequisites for joining the Imperial League were very harsh. 
There had been barely any newcomers during the recent few years. 
Most of them had inherited their accounts. Only the heirs to the account holders’ clans could inherit the accounts, and thereby inherit the Imperial League’s connections and information. 
Nora, whose chin was resting on her hands, was wondering what they would talk about today when she saw someone sending a message. 
Eagle: “How is America’s real estate industry going to be in the future?” 
As soon as Eagle raised the question, several people in the chat room started to talk. 
Tiger: “Real estate has now formed a bubble, especially in America. Housing prices have skyrocketed in the past few years. Can America’s economy cope if this continues?” 
Lion: “I’m still optimistic about the real estate industry!”
Bear: “I’m not optimistic about it, though. The real estate industry has been going downhill since the beginning of the year.” 
Wolf: “But it’s showing signs of picking up recently.” 
… 
Everyone used animal code names in the Imperial League. 
During the discussion, Eagle asked: “In that case, what are we going to do to promote the real estate industry?” 
Everyone shut up immediately. 
Nora clicked her tongue. 
Barring any accidents, the leader of the Imperial League would be speaking next. 
Sure enough, a message was sent: 
King: “Housing prices will develop steadily for the next ten years. Refrain from making them soar or plummet.” 
Should they plummet, it would cause an economic subprime mortgage crisis and trigger global turmoil. 
In the Imperial League, King was the only one who could issue orders. He was the king of the Imperial League! 
No one knew who he was, let alone what country he was from… 
Nora had tried to investigate his background before, but she couldn’t find any information about him at all.
As for the rest, she suspected that Eagle and Wolf were from top-class wealthy families in the States. This was because the two of them had talked about America the most during past meetings. 
Her aunt abroad had mentioned before that Justin was the hardest person to deal with in the States, so she had once suspected that Justin was Eagle. 
Out of everyone there, Eagle and Wolf had talked about America the most in recent years. Wolf was a little milder in nature while Eagle came across as a little aggressive and showed faint signs of becoming the No. 2 of the Imperial League. 
Nora seldom spoke in the chat room. Over the years, she only used the information she got from here to make a bit of money. It was fine as long as she had enough to spend. 
She didn’t have any grand ambitions. Being filthy rich and whatnot wasn’t a lifestyle suitable for her. Besides, it also affected her sleep. 
She yawned and watched the people in the chat room talk about other industries next. Finally, King wrote: “We’ll end today’s meeting here.” 
Everyone said goodbye. 
Nora also finally sent her first message of the night: 
Cat: ‘Goodbye.’ 
After sending the one-worded message, she closed the meeting webpage. 
At the Hunts’. 
Justin leaned on the desk and narrowed his eyes.
Rejecting the Lowes’ investment proposal with the claim that he was in a bad mood was just an excuse. 
In the near future, housing prices would develop steadily and would no longer soar like how they had in previous years. The real estate industry would also gradually become less profitable. 
Why would he still invest in real estate at such a time? 
He was about to leave the chat room when he suddenly saw the code name ‘Cat’, who rarely participated in the chat… 
In the past, he didn’t take much notice of those who didn’t participate much in the chat. 
Perhaps it was because he’d had a lot of contact with that woman recently, but when he saw the name, he suddenly thought of her. 
She was always lazy and careless, yet also noble and elegant. 
Even when she was gobbling down her food during meals, she never looked boorish. 
That woman was just like a cat. 
Justin shook his head. He was really overthinking things. 
How could she possibly be in the Imperial League? 
Imperial League members were either rich or noble. They were people among the world’s wealthiest tycoons. 
With that in mind, he left the chat room. 
He then accompanied Pete for a while while he studied. When he found that his son’s personality seemed to have switched back again, Justin finally went to sleep with peace of mind.
In the middle of the night, the door suddenly opened. 
Justin looked over to see a graceful figure draped in moonlight walking in elegantly. 
It was actually Nora! 
Justin was taken aback. “Why are you here?” 
Nora smiled at him and laid down on the bed. She put both her legs up and looked at him coyly with her cat-like eyes. She said, “Mr. Hunt, I’ve liked you for a very long time. Let’s… give it a go?” 
Then, she slowly placed her hand on his leg… 
He, someone who had always been a man of abstinence, actually found himself somewhat unable to control himself at the moment… 
Justin’s eyes suddenly flew open. When he realized that he was dreaming, he sat up in chagrin. After thinking to himself for a while, he went to the bathroom… 
The next day. 
Cherry got Tanya to take her to the Quinn School of Martial Arts first before sending her to class, with the excuse of ‘Mommy asked me to pass them something’. 
There was no way Tanya could wake the sleeping Nora to ask her if it was true, so she took her there. 
Pete was practicing martial arts at the Quinn School of Martial Arts today. 
A while after Cherry ran in, Pete changed into the skirt and walked out awkwardly. 
Tanya, who didn’t notice the child’s odd behavior, took Pete to the kindergarten just like that.
As soon as he entered the classroom, Sinead rushed straight up to him and shouted, “Cheryl! Brandon’s not going to let you off! You’ll definitely bark like a dog today! I’ll watch you become a joke and see you cry today, Cherry the Doggy!”
###Chapter 95 – How Do You Become A Boy?
Chapter 95: How Do You Become A Boy? 
Cherry the Doggy? 
Pete’s expression immediately turned cold. His big round eyes, which looked exactly the same as Cherry’s, were dark and somber. 
He wasn’t someone who talked a lot, so he ignored Sinead and entered the classroom. 
When Ms. Lynn saw him, she subconsciously walked over and gave him a hug. She even pinched his delicate and round cheeks and said, “Wow! Little Cherry looks even cuter today!” 
Pete stiffened. 
However, when he sensed Ms. Lynn’s kindness, Pete resisted the urge to push her away. 
To be honest, he was indeed mildly autistic and disliked having physical contact with people, so he was an anomaly among the Hunts. He couldn’t even accept the occasional hug from his Great-Grandma… 
However, it seemed like his level of tolerance had become much stronger after he found his mother and younger sister. 
Just as he was about to reach his limit, Ms. Lynn finally let go of him. Pete breathed a sigh of relief, carried his stool over to the side, and sat down. 
After a short while, another child came. After bringing his own stool over and sitting next to him, he took out some Mathematical Olympiad worksheets. Then, he said, “Good morning, Cherry.” 
Pete glanced at him calmly and pursed his lips. 
He must be the ‘very good-looking’ Seth Walker that Cherry mentioned, right?
He looked so small and skinny like a pretty boy. Why did Cherry even find him good-looking? Pete lowered his gaze and looked at the Mathematical Olympiad worksheets. “I heard that you’re very good at Mathematical Olympiad problems?” 
Seth’s narrow eyes blinked. “So-so, I guess?” 
“Oh.” 
Pete opened his schoolbag, rummaged about in it, and took out a set of Mathematical Olympiad worksheets. He handed them to him and asked, “Can you solve these?” 
Seth, “?” 
He was taken aback. When he took the worksheets from Pete and took a look at them, his expression became even more dazed. He shook his head and replied, “No, I can’t.” 
“How stupid.” At this point, Pete suddenly remembered that he had to imitate Cherry’s way of talking, so he forcefully changed the rest of what he wanted to say and said, “I could already solve these problems a year ago… yeah!” 
Seth, “” 
He wanted to say something, but Pete had already turned away. He said, “You can only sit next to me again when you can solve this set of problems… yeah!” 
Cherry had definitely been duped by him. He wasn’t great at Mathematical Olympiad problems at all! 
Seth, “!!” 
Cherry had just picked him the day before. Was she already despising him now?
Before today, he had merely found Cherry cute and likable. However, at this moment, Seth felt that she practically couldn’t get any more outstanding. 
Therefore, he would definitely sit next to her and ask her for advice! 
Pete was completely unaware of what he was thinking. 
The timetable set by the kindergarten was very packed. At about ten in the morning, the teacher allowed the children to rest. 
Pete stood up, intending to go to the bathroom and relieve himself. 
He was wearing a skirt. Instead of bouncing about like how Cherry walked, every step he took was very steady. After he exited the classroom, he subconsciously turned into the men’s toilet at the side. 
Brandon, who had used the opportunity during rest time to come over and look for him, was puzzled. 
He followed after Pete and entered the men’s toilet together with him. He was about to say something when he saw Pete standing there and peeing… 
Brandon was stunned. 
After Pete was done relieving himself, he turned and immediately saw Brandon staring at him, which startled him. 
He suddenly realized that he should have gone to the women’s toilet instead! 
With this, wasn’t the cat completely out of the bag now? 
While he was trying to think of a way to explain and gloss over the topic, Brandon stretched out a trembling finger and pointed at him. He said, “Ah! Ahhh! Y-you really became a boy?!”
Pete, “?” 
Brandon rushed forward and grabbed his hand. “You’re so amazing! You actually really became a boy! Can you also turn back into a girl?” 
Pete replied, “… Yes, I can.” 
Brandon’s eyes shone. The little boy’s imagination was already running wild. He said, “So, Mommy was wrong! People can change their gender! Cheryl Smith, I declare that you’re my boss from now on!” 
Pete, “…” 
He felt that the boy might not be very mentally sound, so he circled around him and entered the classroom. 
Sinead had been staring at him ever since the last period ended. 
When she saw Brandon also going out of the classroom after Pete left, she immediately knew that he must have gone to intercept him. 
With that, Cheryl would definitely cry. 
She was happily imagining the scene when a voice suddenly reached her. “Boss, do you want water? I’ll pour a glass for you!” 
“No, I don’t… yeah.” 
Pete opened the door and entered the classroom after replying to him. 
Sinead immediately saw Brandon following after him obsequiously.
“… Waaaa!!” 
Sinead burst into tears at will. 
“…” 
There were no secrets among children. 
In just a morning’s time, the way everyone looked at Pete had changed. Every one of them had a look of amazement on their face as if saying, ‘Wow! Cheryl Smith is so amazing! She can conjure a little willy out of nothing!’ 
Pete turned a blind eye to their gazes and continued attending classes. 
At the end of the first lesson in the afternoon, a small and skinny girl came up to him. The little girl was a little shorter and smaller than most kids and had delicate and lovely facial features. It was just that she had a timid look in her eyes and her voice was also very soft. She said, “C-Cherry…” 
Pete looked at her. 
The little girl immediately lowered her head as if she didn’t dare to make eye contact with him. “M-my name is Mia Smith…” 
She didn’t dare say anything more after that. 
Pete had always treated everyone coldly, but the girl looked so frail and delicate. It was as if she would burst into tears from fear if he spoke even just a little louder. 
He couldn’t help but frown. He said as mildly as possible, “Is something the matter?”
Mia Smith was Brandon’s cousin. She looked as if she would keel over the moment the wind blew. In a very small and soft voice, she asked, “Can you turn me into a boy, too?” 
Pete, “?” 
With a sullen expression, he explained with a straight face, “No, I can only switch my own gender… yeah.” 
“Oh, I see.” Mia hung her head as if she was sorely disappointed. Even her eyes had turned red. 
The way Sinead cried turned off people and disgusted them, but the way Mia looked at the moment, only filled one with sympathy. 
Pete asked curiously, “Why do you want to become a boy?” 
Mia bit her lip and answered, “Because my mom often says, ‘If only you were a boy’. I want to make her happy.” 
After saying that, Mia left in disappointment. 
Soon, school ended. 
It was Tanya who came to pick him up again. Pete got into the car and made up an excuse that he had forgotten his books at the Quinn School of Martial Arts that morning, so he asked Tanya to take him there before going home. 
In the distance. 
“Mommy? Mommy?” 
Mia called out softly. Only then did her mother, Hillary Jones, come back to her senses. However, her gaze was still fixed on the car driving into the distance.
If her eyes weren’t deceiving her, that woman just now was Tanya… Why was she back? 
Hillary clenched her fists. 
Tanya, who was driving, wasn’t aware of this. After arriving at the Quinn School of Martial Arts, Pete hopped off the car and ran inside. 
At the same time, another car was also parked at the side. 
Justin had deliberately come a little earlier today.. He strode into the Quinn School of Martial Arts.
###Chapter 96 – Live-Stream Face-off!
Chapter 96: Live-Stream Face-off! 
As soon as he entered, Justin saw a familiar figure running nimbly into the inner courtyard. 
It was just that the person seemed to be wearing a skirt? 
Justin’s expression suddenly darkened and he took two quick steps forward. He grabbed Pete and said grimly, “Pete, you…” 
He looked at his son with a complicated look, wishing he could rip off the clothes on him! 
It was all over. 
His son’s condition had worsened again. 
Pete, “” 
A sullen Justin picked up Pete and went out. 
Tanya, who was waiting in the car, was taken aback when she suddenly saw him coming out with ‘Cherry’ in his arms. When she recovered from her astonishment, she hurriedly got out of the car and shouted, “What are you doing?” 
Justin stopped and looked at her, puzzled. 
Tanya was about to rush over and grab the child back. 
How dare anyone abduct children like that in broad daylight? It was unforgivable! 
But just as she was about to take a step forward, Pete shouted, “Daddy, what’s the matter with that lady?”
Tanya, “” 
‘Daddy’ 
Before returning to the States, she had already heard from Nora that she had found her son. However, he was living with his father, so it wasn’t easy for her to take him back. Could he be Cherry’s father? 
In the midst of her spacing out, she subconsciously glanced at the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ entrance again. That was when she saw Cherry, who was wearing boys’ clothing, hiding behind the door frame and jumping up and down while waving at her. 
After being stunned for a moment, Tanya finally said, “… Sorry, I mistook the two of you for someone else.” 
Justin glanced at her and said nothing. With a frown, he led Pete into the car and left immediately. 
After they left, Cherry ran out and said, “God-mom, you frightened the living daylights out of me! You almost exposed us~” 
Tanya, “…” 
On the way home, Cherry begged and wheedled, “Don’t tell Mommy, God-mom. She’ll get mad!” 
Just as Tanya was about to say something, Cherry sighed and said, “You’re so beautiful, gentle, and understanding, so you’ll definitely agree to Cherry’s request, right? You won’t be able to bear watching Cherry suffer smacks on her bottom, right? I knew it! You’re the best godmother ever!” 
“…” 
Could Tanya refuse when she had already put it like that? 
The pair returned to the Andersons after they reached an agreement.
As soon as they entered, they spotted Nora sitting on the swing in the yard, leaning against it while resting with her eyes closed. 
Cherry, “…” 
Likely because she heard the car, Nora slowly opened her eyes. Her eyelids were still droopy and her world-weary face looked exquisite and beautiful. 
However, she looked at Cherry with a seemingly half-amused smile and said, “Cherry, your kindergarten teacher just called.” 
Cherry, “” 
A slightly foreboding feeling formed in her and she thought to herself, ‘Surely not? There’s no way Pete would misbehave, right?’ 
She quickly lowered her head. “Mommy, I’m…” 
Before she could utter the word ‘sorry’, she heard Nora say, “Your teachers sang your praises.” 
Cherry, “” 
She immediately beamed and said, “Mommy, I’ve always been very outstanding! You don’t have to be so proud of me~” 
Upon hearing that, Nora’s cat-like eyes narrowed and she said, “Uh-huh. To think I actually didn’t know that you’ve secretly learned how to solve Mathematical Olympiad problems at some point while I was raising you the last five years. Your teachers said that they’ve sent an application for the Mathematical Olympiad competition on your behalf, so they want you to take part in it when the date arrives. Looks like you’ll have to practice your Mathematical Olympiad problem-solving skills for an upcoming period of time.”
Cherry’s expression turned pitiful the moment she heard that she had to study. She thought to herself, ‘Sob! Pete, how could you!’ 
Mommy was so mean, too! She definitely knew what was going on, yet she simply didn’t expose her, so that she could force her to learn how to solve Mathematical Olympiad problems. 
Cherry was so pitiful! 
She hung her head and walked into the room with her shoulders drooping. Before entering the living room, she also heard Nora say, “Oh, the teachers are also telling you not to spout nonsense in school anymore. Your classmate Brandon Smith heard from you that boys will become girls once they cut off their little willies, and then return to being boys once they grow out again, so when he went home… He almost mutilated himself.” 
Cherry, “…” 
Was he an idiot? How could he believe something like that 
“Are you an idiot? How can you believe something like that?!” 
In the Smiths’ living room, Warren Smith, who was the second eldest in the family, was pulling Brandon by his ear and scolding him loudly. He said, “It’s a good thing you were too much of a chicken, so you burst into tears from fright and didn’t dare do anything even though you were already holding the knife! Otherwise, it would have been terrible!” 
Despite being scolded, Brandon didn’t cry. He turned his face to the side, grabbed his father’s hand with his own little hands, and said, “But that’s what Cheryl Smith said. She was still a little girl yesterday, but she stood while she was peeing today! I saw it with my own eyes!”
Warren spanked him angrily again. “Are you still lying even at this point? You’re infuriating me!” 
“I’m not lying! Everyone in the school knows about it, including Mia! You can ask her about it if you don’t believe me!” 
As soon as he said that, Warren stopped what he was doing. 
On the sofa, the seated Joel Smith narrowed his fox-like eyes. When he heard what he said, he subconsciously looked at his daughter, who was in his arms, and asked, “Is he speaking the truth, Mia?” 
Little Mia nodded and replied softly, “Yeah!” 
Joel sounded a little concerned as he asked, “Did you also see her peeing while standing with your own eyes?” 
Mia shook her head. “Nope~” 
Only then did Joel breathe a sigh of relief. Then, he heard his daughter continue and say, “But she went to the boys’ toilet~ What a pity. Cheryl Smith says that she’s the only one who can switch her gender as and when she wants to. Other people can’t do it.” 
Joel, however, narrowed his eyes when he heard her. 
He quietly chatted with his daughter a little more before he got up and went to Hillary’s room. 
Hillary was packing the room. When she heard the door opening, her eyes lit up and she said, “Joel, you’re her—” 
Joel was amicable to everyone, but she was the only one to whom he was cold and frosty. He sneered, “Hillary, have you been spouting nonsense to Mia again?”
Otherwise, why would she find it a pity that she couldn’t turn into a boy? 
Hillary’s eyes flickered a few times. Then, she lowered her head and replied, “Joel, we’ve already been engaged for so many years, but you simply refuse to take me as your wife all this time. Is it because Mia isn’t a bo—” 
However, before she could finish, Joel suddenly gripped her throat. The man had a terribly violent look in his eyes as if he wanted to kill her, frightening Hillary so badly that she couldn’t say even a word. 
An icy Joel said, “Remember this, Hillary. Mia is my daughter. You’re not allowed to bully her!” 
He turned and left the room after saying that. 
Hillary gasped for air. She bit her lip hard but smiled after that. As long as he loved his daughter, it was all good. 
As for Tanya… She cast her eyes down and let out a cold laugh. 
— 
At the Andersons. 
Cherry, who had finally dodged Mommy’s interrogation after much difficulty, entered the study with the mission of learning how to solve Mathematical Olympiad problems on her shoulders. 
She stared at the Mathematical Olympiad problems in front of her. After five minutes of headache, she said, “It’s time for the live-stream. I’ll come back to the problems after live-streaming for a bit.” 
She picked up her cell phone and opened the live-streaming app. 
As soon as she did, she saw a large face-off interface splashed across her live-stream channel. It was hard for anyone to ignore even if they wanted to.
Cherry was dumbfounded. 
What the heck was this?
###Chapter 97: Sweetcherry, Slamming People In Progress
Chapter 97: Sweetcherry, Slamming People In Progress 
‘sweetcherry VS KindnessPrevails’ 
A few big words were splashed across her live-stream channel’s comments section. One wouldn’t be able to see their profile photo on their own live-stream channel; they would only be able to see it at the leaderboard on the main face-off page. 
Cherry was still just a newbie at the moment. Although she had a big boss like Sponsor Grandpa supporting her, she nevertheless only gained 200,000 fans during this period of time. She wasn’t on the same level as big-name live-streamers with millions of fans. 
The photos displayed at the top of the event section on the homepage were all of the big-name live- streamers. Cherry’s photo was all the way at the back, so her first face-off wasn’t displayed at a promotional section. 
However, once one entered the top ten, one would be featured on the homepage. Not only would it attract a great number of fans’ attention, but it would also trend on social media for sure! 
At the live-streaming platform’s company. 
The supervisor was chatting with the person-in-charge of the face-off competition. He asked, “How can we liven up this year’s competition? Are there any interesting topics?” 
The person-in-charge replied, “The big-name live-streamers in the gaming channels are still the same few people, but I have high hopes for sweetcherry.” 
The supervisor was taken aback. He asked, “sweetcherry? How many fans do they have?” 
“200,000.”
The supervisor waved dismissively. “What can you do with 200,000 fans? We have tons of such nobody live-streamers on the platform.” 
The person-in-charge laughed and said, “But she’s a five-year-old child!” 
The supervisor was surprised. 
Intrigued, he asked, “Really?” 
The person-in-charge nodded. “Yes, really. Here, I’ll show you. I saw the video of her revealing her face during her live-stream. It’s definitely worth hyping about!” 
The supervisor said, “Then what are you waiting for? Put it on social media and hype it up!” 
However, the person-in-charge shook his head mysteriously and said, “We can’t do that yet.” 
“Why?” 
“There isn’t enough attention on her yet!” He said, “Let’s wait till she’s in the top ten first!” 
The supervisor immediately laughed and said, “Can an unknown live-streamer with 200,000 fans even make it to the top ten? It’d already be pretty impressive if she can make it to the top twenty!” 
When the person-in-charge heard what he said, he smiled mysteriously again and said, “Do you know how much her top fan has tipped her? 1.5 million dollars! That money’s already enough for her to buy a position among the top ten! Once she enters the top ten and faces the big-name live-streamers, the hype will naturally come. When that happens, if we show the charming contrast between her personality and people’s expectations of her, that little live-streamer will definitely go viral!” 
The person-in-charge took out his cell phone and showed Cherry’s photo to the supervisor. He said, “Take a look at this. Do you know who she is? I really suspect she’s a kid from some wealthy family who’s just having some fun on the platform. Her top fan pampers her too much!”
The supervisor picked up the cell phone and looked at the photo carefully for a long time. However, he shook his head and replied, “I’ve seen a few of the well-known kids among New York’s wealthy, but I’ve never seen her before.” 
The supervisor took out his cell phone and watched sweetcherry’s live-stream for a while, listening to her verbally slam people online with her young, tender voice. Just five minutes into the live-stream, Cherry had already delivered quite a few golden lines. 
For example, a player in the game had complained about her not joining a team in the early stages. Even after she explained, the other party still continued to insult her, so she immediately snapped, “Is your entire family so skilled at doing nothing?” 
The supervisor didn’t understand what she meant, but he found the answer in the comments. 
‘Hahaha! The live-streamer is saying his entire family is full of good-for-nothings! She has such a sharp tongue!’ 
‘She is too cute!’ 
Someone also asked: 
‘Where did you learn all these insults from?’ 
sweetcherry actually replied earnestly, “Some of them I saw on the Internet, and some of them I made up by myself, yeah!” 
The supervisor laughed several times during the ten minutes he spent watching the live-stream. To think listening to sweetcherry slamming people online would actually feel so good!
He looked straight at the person-in-charge and said, “This kid is a natural Internet celebrity! She appeals to randoms especially well. She doesn’t make people feel that she’s crass even when she’s insulting others; on the contrary, it actually feels good to listen to her! She’s definitely someone who can be mega- popular! Whether or not we can reach our required KPI this year will depend on how popular she becomes!” 
“Her photo is too unclear! Find a way to make it more high-definition. We must make sweetcherry our walking billboard this year! It’ll definitely make her popular all over the country!” 
Cherry, who was completely unaware that some people had set their sights on her, immediately saw that she had won the face-off after she ended her live-stream. 
After all, the other party was also a nobody live-streamer with only 100,000-odd fans. On top of that, they didn’t have Sponsor Grandpa or Sponsor Daddy, so how could they possibly beat her? 
After ending the live-stream and putting her cell phone down, Cherry saw the Mathematical Olympiad worksheets on the desk again. Her face immediately scrunched up. Sob, it was time for homework again! Help, Pete! 
Downstairs. 
Nora was about to go upstairs after dinner. 
She had only just stood up when she heard Melissa ask, “Simon, how much cash do you have with you?” 
Simon answered, “About $300,000. What’s the matter?” 
All the working capital in the company had gone into the Carefree Pills at the moment. It was still early, so they hadn’t recovered the production costs yet.
Melissa’s brows knitted together. 
Simon asked, “How much do you need?” 
Melissa sighed. “At least $3,000,000, I guess.” 
Simon gasped. “Why do you need so much money all of a sudden? Did something happen, Melissa?” 
Melissa hesitated for a moment before she replied, “No, it’s nothing.” 
She got up and went upstairs. 
Nora, who was in the stairwell, stopped in her tracks after overhearing their conversation. 
Melissa went upstairs and entered her bedroom. She was staring at her jewelry in a daze when she suddenly heard footsteps at the door. 
She looked back to see Nora there. 
Melissa immediately concealed the sense of resignation in her and asked with a smile, “Nora, what’s the matter?” 
Nora lowered her gaze, took out a bank card from her pocket, and handed it to her. “Take this.” 
Melissa immediately waved and said, “Did you overhear me talking to your uncle? You don’t have to, Nora. How can I use your pocket money?” 
Besides, Nora was just an ordinary surgeon. How much money could she make? 
Simon had already told her in private that one-third of the Andersons’ assets was Yvette’s, so it made sense to give them to Nora now.
This way, she would own some assets of her own, which would be helpful to her when she got married in the future. 
Nora had become famous among mid-tier wealthy families ever since the dance party the other day. 
People had been approaching them to ask about Nora lately. 
While she was lost in thought, Nora placed the bank card on the table and said, “I still have some money. You can take this for now.” 
Melissa’s eyes reddened as she looked at her from the back. 
The young woman might look cold, but her heart was warmer than anyone else’s. 
She didn’t know how many years Nora might have spent saving up that money, nor did she know whether there were tens of thousands of dollars in the card or not… 
Although that bit of money was just a drop in the bucket for her, if she refused, she would be standing too much on ceremony with her own family. 
Ah, well. 
She just wanted the money to do some investments anyway. She would just see how much money Nora had first and treat it as investment funds. Once the dividends came in, she would also be able to earn Nora a bit of pocket money. 
After thinking it through, Melissa took the bank card and rushed downstairs excitedly.
###Chapter 98: Nora Smith The Little Moneymakern
Chapter 98: Nora Smith The Little Moneymaker 
As soon as she went down, Melissa immediately saw Miranda coming over impatiently. 
She had a bit of a haughty look on her face. Even though she still held the matter about Tanya against Melissa, she nevertheless asked stiffly, “Have you gotten the money ready?” 
Melissa held the bank card given by Nora and smiled gently, “I only have slightly over $300,000 here. Let’s use that first.” 
At once, Miranda pursed her lips disdainfully and said, “Only slightly over $300,000? How much over $300,000 is that?” 
The additional money was from Nora’s bank card. 
However, Melissa hadn’t gone to the ATM to confirm the balance, so she answered casually, “About $20,000, I suppose.” 
Surgeons still earned quite a bit after all. However, Nora was still young, so there was no way she would have made that much. There was probably only about $20,000 in the card at best. 
Miranda looked down on her even more after her reply. She said, “So little? Are you kidding me? If it wasn’t because your elder brother was afraid that you’re having a hard time and insisted that we let you earn some money along with us, I couldn’t even be bothered to come here. Yet you’re patronizing us with just $300,000? Are you looking down on us?” 
Melissa clenched her fists. “Miranda, you’re aware of the situation my family is in. We’re depending on the Carefree Pill to revive the business, so all our working capital has gone into the production costs. All we have is this $300,000 here.”
Miranda scoffed and said, “If I were you, I would mortgage the house and take out a $3,000,000 loan!” 
The villa was built in an excellent location in the city center. Housing prices in New York had skyrocketed in recent years, so it was now worth 15 million dollars. 
It was indeed very easy to take out a $3,000,000 loan if they mortgaged the house. 
However, Melissa shook her head and said, “I’m only investing along with him to make a bit of pocket money. There’s no need to mortgage the house…” 
As soon as she said that, Miranda reprimanded, “If you invest $3,000,000, you can earn at least half of that amount! $300,000? It’s too embarrassing to even bring up a pittance like that! What’s the use even if you earn $150,000? You can’t even buy a slightly better handbag with that! If you want to make money, then mortgage your house. If you don’t, then forget it!” 
The slender Melissa stood tall and straight. Upon hearing Miranda’s words, she slowly said, “If that’s the case, then never mind.” 
If it weren’t because her elder brother had personally called and said that he wanted to let her earn a bit of pocket money together with him and that the children would need money for a lot of things now that they were all grown up… In particular, Sheril was a girl, yet she didn’t even bear to spend on a pretty handbag… If it weren’t because of these, she would never subject herself to her sister-in-law’s detestable attitude. 
But why should she allow Miranda to come here and bully them? 
Miranda actually just wanted to embarrass her and see her lower her head to beg for help. She didn’t think that Melissa would really refuse to invest. 
She immediately scoffed and said, “Well done! You’re a tough one, aren’t you? Haven’t you always thought little of money ever since you were a child? The Woods may be able to support a delicate
woman like you, but can the Andersons do it? I heard you can’t even bear to use premium paper for your paintings now! If it wasn’t because your brother can’t bear to see you live in such poverty, do you think we’re that free to let you make money with us?” 
It was that haughty and arrogant look again. 
And that attitude and tone as if she was being charitable… 
Melissa raised her head suddenly and looked straight at her. “You—” 
But before she could finish, a cool voice reached them. “My aunt doesn’t need your pity.” 
Both women were taken aback. They looked up to see Nora walking down the steps. She looked at Melissa and said slowly and lazily, “Aunt Melissa, you can come to me if you want to make some pocket money. You don’t have to ask others for help.” 
Melissa was a little surprised. 
As for Miranda, she frowned and said, “You talk pretty big for your age! Do you know what we’re investing in?” 
Nora raised an eyebrow. 
Well, she didn’t. 
While thinking about it, she heard Miranda ask, “Have you heard of the Lowes?” 
The Lowes… The family that Whitney Lowe married into?
Nora didn’t even need to respond, because Miranda had already gone on by herself and said, “It’s obvious from the way you look like you wouldn’t know them. The Hunts started up as a real estate company, but apart from them, the Lowes are also a family who started up as a real estate company! The Lowes have bought a large plot of land in New York, but because they can’t afford it all by themselves for the time being—yet they are also reluctant to take out a huge loan from the bank—they are asking a few other families that they know, such as us, whether we are interested in joining them! 
“Real estate has been a hugely profitable industry in recent years. The profits are clear for all to see! The Woods have been wanting to expand into the real estate industry for many years, but the field has unfortunately been monopolized by the Hunts and the Lowes all this time. But we finally have an opportunity to make a fortune now!” 
Miranda looked at the two of them after she finished. 
The real estate industry was an extremely profitable one! Those two must be full of regrets now, right? 
But unexpectedly… 
Melissa was already aware of this a long time ago, so she didn’t seem surprised. However, the young Nora was actually also expressionless? 
Miranda frowned. 
She reckoned that she probably wasn’t informed about the real estate industry. 
When Melissa saw that Nora had stayed quiet, she said, “Miranda, I’m grateful that my elder brother is concerned for my well-being, but if you continue to be so aggressive, this will become a feud instead! I only have a little over $300,000 here. If you want to help us and let us invest, then go ahead. If you don’t, then just take it as I’m not fated to be involved in the investment!” 
After speaking, she held out both Nora’s and her bank cards to Miranda.
Miranda didn’t dare to go too far. After all, she would also be in trouble if Melissa were to complain to her elder brother. 
She snorted and reached out her arm as she said, “Fine, $300,000 it is, then…” 
However, a fair and slender hand suddenly snatched both cards from Melissa’s hand. 
Miranda, “?” 
Melissa was also taken aback. 
Nora stared at the bank cards in her hand and gave Melissa a smile. She said, “Aunt Melissa, if you trust me, then let me make some pocket money for you with this $300,000!” 
The real estate industry was done for. 
Should they really throw the money in, they probably wouldn’t even be able to recoup their capital in the next few years. 
Miranda was so furious that she laughed instead. “Fine, since that’s what you say, then forget it! I’ll just take it that our goodwill has been taken for ill intent!” 
She left in a huff. 
In any case, she would be able to answer to her husband when she got home. It wasn’t like she didn’t try to help, but his younger sister had been fooled by the niece whom they had just brought home. She had taken the money and gone off to do god knows what with it! 
By the time Melissa wanted to ask Nora about it after Miranda left, Nora had already gone upstairs with two bank cards.
Melissa, “…” 
Never mind. $300,000 wasn’t a lot anyway. If Nora lost the money, then she would just treat it as if they had given her some money to practice investing with! 
At noon the next day. 
Nora immediately heard the dispute downstairs the moment she woke up. 
“How can you be so muddleheaded? $300,000 may not be much, but how can you just give it to her? How is she going to make you any money?” 
The one speaking was a man who looked somewhat like Melissa, except that he had a stern look on his face. 
Melissa sighed and said, “Farrell, Nora seems to be trading stocks.” 
“Stocks?” Farrell Wood, Melissa’s elder brother, reprimanded, “Are you crazy?! Has she bought them yet?” 
Farrell picked up his cell phone. “What did she buy? I’ll check how the market is today!” 
Melissa was about to say that she didn’t know when the corners of Nora’s lips curled upward and she replied unhurriedly, “The stock code is 00083.” 
Farrell frowned and input the stock code into his cell phone as he said, “Take the money out of the stocks immediately! Stocks have been plummeting recently. Both of you are really out of your mind…” 
However, his words came to an abrupt end at this point!
###Chapter 99: Profits!
Chapter 99: Profits! 
Cell phones had an app that could check a stock’s fluctuations, and it showed clearly that the stock Nora mentioned had risen by 2% the day before! 
In other words, the $300,000 they invested had seen a return of $6,000 in just a day! 
Given how it had risen despite the plummeting stock market, this was undoubtedly very impressive. 
Farrell was a mature and steady middle-aged man who bore a 50% resemblance to Melissa. Unlike Miranda’s mean and acrimonious appearance, he had an air unique to scholarly merchants around him. 
His brows were tightly drawn together, but he nevertheless looked up and said, “Your profit yesterday can only be attributed to luck. The stock market is very unstable now, so it’s not surprising that the stock rose for a day. This particular stock has been falling lately. You’d best still take the opportunity to sell it today!” 
Then, he looked at Melissa sternly and lectured, “The Woods’ family teachings forbid us from gambling and taking drugs. Melissa, I know you’re short of money. That’s why I told Miranda to look for you and let you make some money with us. Why must you let things come to this point?” 
Melissa looked at him, her expression somewhat dazed. 
It seemed like she hadn’t seen her elder brother for a very long time. 
The siblings had been on very good terms in the past. She could still remember how her elder brother had specially screened Simon’s character for her when she fell in love with him back then. 
When did they become this distant from each other?
It seemed like it was ever since he married Miranda? 
Farrell and Miranda’s marriage could be considered a political marriage between the Woods and the Sonnets. Farrell had a literati’s pride, and he trusted Miranda enough to leave her in charge of all the family affairs after they were married. 
Miranda was a petty woman. She would get jealous and say a lot of mean things whenever Farrell was even a little nice to Melissa. She didn’t want to cause disharmony in her brother’s family, so she rarely returned to the Woods’ residence in recent years after their parents passed away. 
At the sight of Melissa keeping quiet, Farrell sighed, took out a bank card, and handed it to her. He said, “I know Miranda has a foul mouth, but do you really think I’ll leave you to your own devices when you’re broke, Melissa? There’s $800,000 in here. Use it to tide over for now… Don’t worry, this is my own money. Your sister-in-law doesn’t know about it.” 
His heartwarming words made Melissa tear up a little. 
She was still wearing a well-tailored dress that outlined her slender figure and slim waist today, making her look elegant and classy. 
Apart from Simon’s lack of drive to do better, the other reason why the Andersons were in such a predicament today was that she was content to keep the status quo. 
Melissa knew that there was a bit of a literati’s loftiness in her all these years. She didn’t like socializing and didn’t take money and things like that too seriously. 
Thus, when Farrell called her yesterday, she had immediately agreed. 
The real estate industry was in full swing.
Moreover, the Lowes were also a reliable wealthy family in New York. Everyone knew them and their background well, so nothing would go wrong in investing in them. That was why she had agreed to it. 
But now… 
Melissa pushed the bank card back to Farrell. She said, “Farrell, I made a wrong judgment. We actually have enough to spend. Besides, once we tide over this month, the Andersons will have money when we recoup the Carefree Pills’ production costs. It’s really okay.” 
At the sight of her insistence, Farrell didn’t push any further. 
Nevertheless, he still warned, “Stocks are risky. There’s no harm playing a little using that $300,000, but don’t put any more into it, okay?” 
Melissa didn’t approve of stock trading, either. She had given Nora the $300,000 the day before only because she appreciated Nora’s intentions to help. Thus, she nodded at Farrell’s reminder. 
Nora had heard the entire conversation between the siblings, and it left a good impression of her aunt’s brother on her. 
Seeing that he was about to leave, Nora suddenly said, “Uncle Farrell, please wait a moment.” 
Farrell stopped and looked at her with a slight frown. 
There wasn’t any disdain in his eyes but just a look of scrutiny. 
The confidence and charm that only scholarly families possessed made him look like an upright man. 
It was a shame that they instead produced a daughter like Rachel Wood, who didn’t inherit the scholarly aura.
Nora suppressed the regretful feeling in her and said, “Real estate isn’t going to do well in the future. Are the Woods really going to invest with the Lowes?” 
Farrell was taken aback when he heard her. He didn’t refute her right away, but after some careful thinking, he nevertheless said, “The Lowes are a huge real estate company, and are one of the enterprises with the shrewdest business acumen around. Apart from the Hunts, no one else can compare to them when it comes to the real estate industry. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have immediately gone for it the moment they offered the investment opportunity to other families.” 
Then, he paused and spoke to Melissa again. He said, “Miranda might have been a little anxious when she talked to you yesterday, but there’s actually a reason for that. Real estate is lucrative, so everyone wants a piece of it. It wasn’t easy for the Lowes to finally share some of the opportunities. I only managed to grab a share worth 30 million dollars after much difficulty.” 
He heaved a sigh at the thought. 
His younger sister had had a hard life these few years, so he wanted to let her make some money along with him. If they really couldn’t afford it, then he would just pay for their investment capital in advance for now. 
He was just thinking of that when Nora said calmly, “Uncle Farrell, the Lowes have been in the real estate industry for so many years, and they have a great relationship with the bank. If they don’t have enough funds, then why aren’t they taking out a loan? Also, why didn’t the Lowes partner with the Hunts? Both of them are in the real estate industry, so it would only be more convenient for them if they were to cooperate. Perhaps you can go and ask around—Mr. Hunt must have rejected his offer.” 
Farrell became even more confused. He asked, “Where did you hear that from?”
The moment he said that, realization dawned upon Melissa and she asked, “Nora, was it Justin who told you that real estate won’t do well in the future?” 
Nora, “” 
Before she could answer, however, Melissa had already convinced herself. She turned and tried to persuade Farrell, “Farrell, Nora and Justin are somewhat friends. If it’s Justin who told her that, then you must be careful.” 
Farrell frowned and sank into contemplation upon hearing what she said. 
A moment later, he said, “Okay.” 
He left in a hurry after saying that. 
Nora didn’t trouble herself over whether he believed her or not. Neither was she concerned about whether he would go ahead with the investment or not. Whether or not the Woods suffered a loss had nothing to do with her. She had told him what she should, so she had already done enough. 
She went straight upstairs. 
Farrell got into the car after he left the Andersons. With a solemn look on his face, he suddenly instructed the chauffeur, “To Hunt Corporation.” 
They arrived at the destination very quickly. 
He got out of the car and entered the building. 
The Woods and the Lowes enjoyed similar status among the wealthy in New York. Farrell could be considered an influential figure, so when he suddenly paid a visit, the front desk at the lobby didn’t dare to dally. They immediately reported his arrival to the top floor.
Justin was currently supervising Pete’s studies. He initially didn’t want to meet Farrell when he heard that he was here. However, when he suddenly thought of how Farrell was Melissa’s elder brother and thus, was somewhat related to that woman, he finally allowed him upstairs. 
Soon, Farrell entered his office. After the two exchanged a few pleasantries, Justin went straight to the point and asked, “What brings Mr. Wood here today?” 
The man was twenty years his junior, yet even Farrell couldn’t quite handle his aura. He smiled politely and replied, “It’s like this. I heard that Mr. Hunt said the real estate industry isn’t going to do very well in the future?” 
Justin immediately raised his eyebrows and asked, “Who did you hear that from, Mr. Wood?”
###Chapter 100: Has Mr. Hunt Been Narcissistic Today?
Chapter 100: Has Mr. Hunt Been Narcissistic Today? 
Justin’s expression was serious and frosty as he spoke. 
There was an unfathomable gleam in his deep, bottomless eyes, and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye exuded a chilly aura. 
Farrell was startled by his reaction. He stammered, “D-did Mr. Hunt not say that?” 
Was Nora Smith lying? 
In the midst of his thoughts, Justin slowly said, “The authorities haven’t announced any national policies yet, so why would I spread rumors like that? You think too highly of me, Mr. Wood!” 
He was just an ordinary businessman; how would he possibly be able to predict future economic trends so clearly? 
It was then that Farrell realized that he had said something wrong. 
What the higher-ups feared the most was merchants being able to determine the economic trends. Justin had been restrained in his actions and behavior all these years, so how would he possibly say such things when national policies hadn’t been announced yet? 
What was the matter with him today? He had actually come all the way to the man himself to clarify matters after merely hearing an ambiguous statement! 
He immediately stood up and said, “Sorry, I…” 
However, before he could finish, the icy look on Justin’s countenance gradually faded and he said calmly, “Don’t worry, Mr. Wood. I reckon the relevant policies will be announced in a few days, probably less than
a week.” 
Farrell, “!!!” 
He stared at Justin in shock. So, was he admitting to it? 
Although Farrell managed to keep a straight face on when he left the Hunt Corporation, deep inside, he was actually terribly shaken. Mr. Hunt was actually willing to tell Ms. Smith such important news… 
Just what kind of relationship did the two of them share? 
No matter what it was though, he had to treat Ms. Smith with more courtesy in the future. Of course, he mustn’t let the news spread for the time being either. He mustn’t tell anyone at all! 
Upstairs. 
Pete, who had just finished a Mathematical Olympiad worksheet, turned and actually saw the tyrant resting against a chair sloppily. There was a smile on his face, and his eyes were nearly curved all the way into slits. 
Pete curled his lip. 
He really couldn’t bear to watch that father of his anymore! 
Justin was currently holding his cell phone and sending a text message to Nora: ‘Mr. Wood just left my office, Ms. Smith. Do you owe me another meal now?’ 
She replied immediately after he sent the message: ‘Bring your son. You can decide the time and place.’ 
Justin’s lip corners curled into a smile. He suddenly asked, “Pete, do you want to eat at an Italian restaurant?”
Pete hated Italian cuisine the most, so without even thinking about it, he immediately replied, “… No, I don’t.” 
“Oh.” 
Justin found a random Italian restaurant, sent the location to Nora, and then said, “I have a dinner appointment at an Italian restaurant tonight. Since you don’t like the food there, I won’t take you.” 
Pete, who was completely unaware that he had fallen into someone’s trap, nodded seriously. “Okay.” 
Ever since the tyrant discovered that the home tutors were abusing him, he had turned down a lot of work and had been spending more time with him lately. 
It was fine even if he socialized once in a while. 
Pete sighed and glanced at his cell phone. When he realized that Cherry had sent him a message, he put on his earphones and tapped the play button. “Mathematical Olympiad problems are so tough, Pete. Can you save Cherry tonight, pretty please?” 
Pete, “…” 
He was so clever and quick-witted, and could master anything immediately, so why was his younger sister so bad at her studies? 
The little fellow sighed and replied to her message. The five-year-old boy could already spell, so he wrote: “Take a picture of your homework and send it to me. I’ll do it for you.” 
“Thanks, Pete! I’ll send you the homework when I get home after school. I also have to live-stream, so I’m super busy, yeah~” 
“…”
Nora and Justin’s dinner appointment was at six o’clock in the evening. 
Around five o’clock, Nora heard the car. It was probably Tanya coming back with Cherry. 
With that in mind, she pushed the door open and walked out of her room. However, as soon as she went downstairs, she saw Miranda barging in angrily. She shouted, “Melissa, get out here!” 
Melissa was preparing dinner in the kitchen. As she walked out, she untied her apron and handed it to the nanny. She was a little surprised to see Miranda. She asked, “Miranda? Why are you here?” 
Miranda stepped forward, pointed at her, and yelled angrily, “What the hell did you tell Farrell? He’s actually decided not to invest anymore! Don’t stop us from making money just because you’re so pretentious to act as if you’re above money! Is it because you don’t want to see the Woods do well?!” 
Melissa frowned. The gentle woman’s expression had already darkened. She raised her voice a little and said, “That’s enough, Miranda! Farrell must have his reasons for not investing anymore!” 
Miranda had a loose tongue and couldn’t stop herself from telling everyone everything, so they absolutely mustn’t let her know about the crucial information that Justin had revealed. 
However, her words displeased Miranda. 
Farrell had decided not to invest in the real estate industry anymore after he returned from the Andersons. The 30 million dollars that the family had prepared went back to the company just like that. 
When she asked for a reason, her husband’s answer was also “I have my reasons that I can’t say. In any case, we’re not investing anymore, so don’t ask any further about it.” 
‘Don’t ask any further’… Why should she be kept out of the loop?
The siblings had barely met for so many years, yet they still behaved like that the moment they do. The two of them had a secret that she didn’t know about! 
The more Miranda thought about it, the angrier she became. She shouted, “You’re a troublemaker and a jinx! The Andersons fell into decline right after you married into the family! You must be wishing for the Woods to fall into decline too, right?” 
“Well, let me tell you this—the Woods are headed by your brother, so he has the final say, but that’s not the case for the Sonnets! Even if the Woods fall into decline, I will still continue to look down on you when my family gets rich!” 
The Woods might not want the opportunity, but the Sonnets did! Her elder brother had already gotten funds ready to invest right away! 
When the Sonnets struck gold, she would be able to hold her head high in front of Farrell and show him just how stupid his sister’s suggestion was!! 
Melissa clenched her fists and stared at Miranda incredulously. She hadn’t missed the flash of malice in her eyes. 
She used to think that her sister-in-law merely had some kind of misunderstanding about her, but at this moment, she realized very clearly that Miranda had never once regarded her as family. 
Since that was so, then why bother putting up with her attitude? 
Melissa pointed to the door and ordered, “You’re not welcome here, Miranda! Get out!” 
Miranda continued to rant and rave. “I’m not welcome here? Do you think I even want to come to a shabby place like this?” 
Melissa was a cultivated person, so she couldn’t help but become even angrier at her words.
She was about to say something when Nora, who was standing on the stairs, asked coolly, “Aunt Miranda, is green the Sonnets’ favorite color?” 
Miranda was taken aback. “What do you mean?” 
Nora’s lips curled up into a smile. “Because greenbacks are all your family cares about.” 
“You—!” 
Aristocrats and nobles disliked it the most when people said that money was the only thing they cared about. Miranda was so furious that she suddenly slapped Melissa across her cheek. “Look at the wild child you brought home! How dare she say such things to her elders?!” 
No one had expected Miranda to get violent. Melissa held her cheek and stared at her incredulously. “You—” 
Miranda, however, raised her chin and said extremely arrogantly, “What? I’m your elder brother’s wife. So what even if I hit you? Do you dare to retaliate?!” 
But unexpectedly, she had only just said that when…

###Chapter 101: Birthday Present
Chapter 101: Birthday Present 
Smack! 
Miranda felt her vision darken and then, a clear and loud sound rang out right after. Before she knew it, her head had been pushed to the side. It was only when she felt a hot and stinging pain that she realized that someone had hit her. 
She turned back abruptly to see Nora standing in front of her. Nora glanced at her carelessly with her cat-like eyes and said, “Aunt Melissa’s not hitting you because she’s a cultivated lady.” 
Then, she raised her eyebrows provocatively and said coldly, “However, I’m a wild child with a bad temper, so I can’t stand anyone behaving wildly in front of me.” 
“…” 
Her attitude intimidated Miranda. The young woman looked thin and weak, and her fingers slim and slender, yet there was a lot of force in the slap she delivered. It was to the extent that she felt like she was still seeing stars. 
Miranda took a step back and put some distance between Nora and herself. She held her cheek with her hand and glared at Melissa furiously as she shouted, “Melissa! Are you just going to watch her get violent with her elders?! Make her apologize! Otherwise, I’ll never let this matter rest!” 
Melissa’s cheek was still hurting fiercely. 
She was a learned person. 
She had never liked getting violent so crudely whenever she met with a problem, and she hated arguing with uncultured people even more. The way Miranda always behaved like a shrew in the streets made
her feel at a loss the most. 
Moreover, she was family, so she didn’t want to make things too ugly. That was why she had allowed herself to be bullied and suppressed for so many years. 
But in the moment that Nora hit Miranda just now, she finally experienced the joy of revenge, especially when she saw how Miranda didn’t dare to say anything despite being so furious. Melissa gave a wry smile with her eyes reddened. Then, she straightened her back, looked calmly at Miranda, and replied aggressively, “In that case, shouldn’t you apologize to me first?” 
Miranda, who was lost for words, stamped her foot angrily after a brief moment. She pointed at Melissa and ranted angrily, “I came here with good intentions to persuade you to invest in real estate, yet you’re hitting me instead? I’m going back to tell Farrell about this right now, so that he’ll know what kind of person you are!” 
Miranda left immediately after saying that. 
A sarcastic smile appeared on Melissa’s countenance as she stared at her from the back. 
Back then, she was well-known for being gentle and intellectual and was no wimp. 
She had been so tolerant of Miranda all these years only because she was her sister-in-law, whereas Melissa herself was just a daughter of the Woods who had married into another family. She didn’t want to put her elder brother in a spot, so she hadn’t said anything. 
Little did she expect that Miranda now thought of her as so much of a wimp that she even dared to hit her. 
Melissa cast her eyes down. 
Next to her, Nora, who could tell that Melissa seemed rather unhappy, couldn’t help but rub her chin.
Although she wasn’t afraid of the Woods, they were still her aunt’s family after all. Moreover, her aunt’s elder brother wasn’t a bad person either. Should they really fall out, Aunt Melissa would be sad, right? 
The thought had only just formed when Melissa suddenly lifted her head and said, “It’s time that some things are made clear.” 
Melissa clenched her fists and said to the chauffeur, “Get the car ready. I’m going to talk to Farrell!” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Why was she suddenly feeling like her aunt had turned into a bitch? Cough. She certainly seemed pretty cute like that, though. 
With that in mind, Nora left the Andersons. 
Melissa didn’t like the jeep, so Nora was the only one driving it now. 
She drove to the hotel where the restaurant that Justin had made a reservation at was. 
At the hotel. 
Justin was currently seated in the private room. As he adjusted his tie, he looked at Sean and, in a deep voice, slowly asked, “You know what to say later, right?” 
Sean replied, “… Yes, I’ve taken note of it, Mr. Hunt.” 
Seemingly because this was also the first time he was doing something like this, Justin adjusted his tie again in an attempt to conceal his discomfort. He looked at Sean again and said, “Practice your lines a little.”
“…” 
Sean fell silent for a moment. 
Justin cast a disdainful glance at him. 
Had it been Lawrence here instead, he would have known immediately what to do without him even having to explain. Sean was simply too reticent. 
Upon sensing his boss’ disdain, Sean coughed and said, “I’m ready, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin nodded and asked dispassionately, “What is Pete doing?” 
Sean straightened his back and replied methodically, “It’s your birthday tomorrow, so he’s making a handmade card for you right now. He intends to give it to you as a birthday gift, so he refuses to come over for dinner.” 
A dissatisfied Justin commented, “You sound too fake.” 
Sean, “…” 
His boss sure was doing everything he could to let Ms. Smith know that it was his birthday the next day! 
But if she really cared about him, how could she possibly not know? As the man in charge of the Hunt Corporation, all his relevant information could be found on Wikipedia! 
In the midst of their conversation, the service staff’s voice suddenly came from the door. “Ms. Smith, this is the private room.” 
Justin immediately sat up straight and cast a barely discernible glance at the door. The very moment Nora entered, he coughed, looked at Sean, and asked, “What is Pete doing?”
Nora entered the room the moment he said that. Seemingly having heard his question, she also looked at Sean with interest. 
A stern-looking Sean replied with a straight face, “It’s your birthday tomorrow, Mr. Hunt, so he’s making a handmade card for you right now. He intends to give it to you as a birthday gift, so he refuses to come over for dinner.” 
Justin nodded coldly at Sean and said, “I see.” 
Then, he gave Nora a wry look and said, “The child is too spoiled.” 
Nora took a seat opposite him. Although she was a little disappointed that she couldn’t see her son again, the exchange nevertheless still caught her attention. She asked, “Is it your birthday tomorrow?” 
Justin tried his best to suppress the lifting corners of his lips and keep a straight face. He looked at her with his deep, bottomless eyes and replied in a low and soft voice, “Yeah.” 
Nora propped her elbows against the table and rested her chin on her hands. Her face was very small, and her cat-like eyes, which always looked so lazy and sloppy, sparkled with interest as she asked, “Does Pete give you gifts for your birthday?” 
She was awfully interested in how her son had spent the past five years. 
She wanted to know what her son did while she wasn’t around. 
For example, how he had grown up and how he had landed in Justin’s hands… 
Justin nodded. “Yes, he gives me a gift every year.” 
He emphasized the word ‘gift’.
Nora, however, felt a little jealous. 
That stinky Cherry had never given her any gifts. On her birthday every year, all she did was give her a huge bout of flattery. She found herself really envious of Justin in this moment. 
As expected, her son was more heartwarming indeed. 
Nora looked at Justin hostilely and clicked her tongue. Then, she suddenly asked, “Can I attend Mr. Hunt’s birthday party?” 
Justin replied, “Of course.” 
Nora blinked and said, “I’m very curious about the card that Pete is making for you. Can I have a look at it?” 
Justin, “” 
Next to him, Sean tried his best to suppress his laughter as he looked at his boss. 
Pete had been mildly autistic since he was a baby. When had he ever given his boss a birthday gift? 
However, Justin nevertheless replied without any change in his expression, “Of course. You can come over with your daughter, Ms. Smith.” 
Go over together? 
Nora’s eyes flickered as she replied, “Sure.” 
She wondered if Justin would like it if she gave him Cherry as a birthday gift?
###Chapter 102: Your Life Will Be In Danger…
Chapter 102: Your Life Will Be In Danger… 
The service staff soon started serving the food. 
Although they were at an Italian restaurant, the food was surprisingly served to them on small plates like the other time. The sight of the numerous little plates of food on the table made Nora’s eyes twitch again and again. 
What the heck was this? 
The bored young woman held her fork idly and took bite after bite. 
Opposite her, Justin’s lip corners slowly curled into a smile. He said, “Ms. Smith, you should chew your food well and eat slowly. It’s not good for your health if you eat too fast.” 
“…” 
Even so, surely one couldn’t eat that slowly either, right?! 
Some of the plates had only two cucumber strips on them… 
Nora suspected that Justin was doing this on purpose. After all, when she was on her way here just now, the diners in the hall had all been using normal-sized plates. 
She twirled the bit of pasta in the bowl with her fork and casually put it into her mouth. 
Seeing how bored she was, Justin tried to find something to talk about. He asked, “How did you know that the real estate industry won’t do too well in the future, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora swallowed the pasta and speared a piece of vegetable from the salad bowl. Only then did she reply, “Weren’t you the one who told me that, Mr. Hunt?”
Justin raised his brows. Then, he heard her continue. “I heard that the Lowes approached the Hunts first, but the Hunts refused the offer.” 
Justin let out a low chuckle and replied, “But outsiders are also saying that I was just in a bad mood because of my son.” 
Nora blinked. She rested on the table with one arm and lazily put the vegetable into her mouth with her other hand. “Well, if Mr. Hunt were one to do business based on his mood, the Hunt Corporation wouldn’t be what it is today. You’ve always had a good eye for business.” 
“…” 
Justin had nearly grown up having praises sung of him. Everyone hailed him as a business genius but he had never cared about what they said. 
But when the woman flippantly said that he had always had a good eye for business, he actually found himself in an exceptionally good mood. 
He picked up the glass of apple juice next to him without much thought and took a sip to conceal his smile, but when he looked back up, he instead saw Nora staring at him in shock. She said, “That’s my juice you’re drinking, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin, “!!” 
His gaze fell onto the glass of juice. There seemed to be remnants of the warmth of the woman’s lips on the rim of the glass, making him feel like his lips had been scalded a little. 
However, he pretended to be calm and put the glass down. Then, he immediately said, “Oh. Sorry, I picked up the wrong glass.”
Nora couldn’t help being astonished when she noticed that his earlobes seemed to have turned a little red. 
Little did she think that the dignified leader of the number one family and the Imperial League’s ruthless and decisive Eagle would actually have moments where he was shy and innocent? 
In particular, when he innocently cast his seemingly bottomless eyes down, even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to be exuding an alluring aura that screamed ‘Please bully me’… It actually made her lick her lips for some inexplicable reason. 
The atmosphere suddenly became rather romantic, and even the air seemed to have become somewhat thick and viscous. 
After dinner, the two went to the car park together. 
When they were walking past the restaurant’s main hall, Nora suddenly sensed a probing gaze. Her head whipped to the side, but what entered her sight was instead a lush green curtain of devil’s ivy that blocked her from the view beyond. 
As the plants swayed, behind the dappled light through the gaps, she seemed to see a man in a white suit sitting there quietly and looking at the menu. 
It seemed like everything just now was just an illusion. 
Nora’s brows knitted together. For some reason, it suddenly gave her the creeps. 
She suppressed the feeling and followed Justin to the car park. 
Before they separated, Nora asked, “Where is your birthday party going to be held tomorrow, Mr. Hunt?”
Justin gave her an address. It was where he and Pete were currently staying at. 
Nora nodded. “I’ll be there at noon tomorrow.” 
Justin also nodded. “See you then.” 
Justin continued to stand where he was even after Nora started the car and left. 
Sean couldn’t help but ask, “What if Ms. Smith doesn’t bring a gift, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin glanced at him coolly and replied confidently, “That’s impossible.” 
Why wouldn’t she bring one when she liked him so much? 
She wanted to see the birthday card that Pete made for him though… Justin got in the car and said, “Let’s go home.” 
When he got back to the villa, Pete was practicing his martial arts after dinner. 
Justin stood in front of him and said haughtily, “It’s my birthday tomorrow.” 
Pete raised his head. His expressionless face was just like a miniature version of Justin. He said, “… Oh.” 
The corners of Justin’s lips spasmed a little and his expression darkened. “Is that all you have to say?” 
Pete, who was utterly confused, replied, “…? Uh, happy birthday?” 
“…” 
Justin took a deep breath and reminded him, “It seems like other kids make birthday cards for their parents during their birthdays.”
Pete curled his lip in disgust and said, “… That’s so childish. I’m not going to do it.” 
Justin, who was mercilessly rejected by his son, went to the study sullenly after leaving behind the words ‘You little brat’. Then, he took out two pieces of card stock. 
After Pete was done with his practice, the sweaty little boy got ready to take a bath. On the way to the bedroom, he passed by the study. Through the gap at the door, he noticed that Justin was doing some craft work with his head down. He walked in curiously to see his mighty and domineering father writing ‘Happy Birthday, Daddy’ in crooked and messy handwriting on an ugly card. 
Pete, “…” 
He looked at the tyrant with a complicated look and asked worriedly, “Have you seen a psychiatrist this month, Daddy?” 
“…” 
— 
When Nora returned home, Melissa was still out. 
Afraid that she would be bullied at the Woods, Nora immediately sent her a text message. It was only when Melissa replied that everything was fine that she finally went upstairs with peace of mind. 
Cherry, who had won another live-stream face-off, was now ranked among the top 300 live-streamers. In another five days, she would be in the top ten and facing fierce showdowns with the other nine live- streamers! 
However, the little fellow was completely unaware of this. After happily saying goodbye to Sponsor Grandpa, she turned off the live-stream, washed up, and climbed into bed obediently. 
After she fell asleep, Nora sat up.
She took out her earphones, stuffed them into her ears, and located an audio recording on her cell phone. When she played it, a clear voice started to speak: “Nora, by the time you’re listening to this, Mom will no longer be around. Remember this—do not expose your capabilities. Before you’re strong enough to protect yourself, be as mediocre as you can. Otherwise, your life will be in danger!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes and stared in front of her coldly. 
After a while, she finally took off the earphones, laid down, and closed her eyes. For some reason, the man in the white suit whom she had seen today flashed across her mind… 
The next day, it was almost noon when Nora finally woke up. After a simple breakfast, she said to Cherry, “Go and get ready. We’re going to celebrate your father’s birthday.” 
Cherry was in disbelief. “Are you really taking me there, Mommy?” 
Was she planning a showdown? 
Nora smiled and replied, “Yes, of course.” 
First, it was her father’s birthday after all, so it was better that they celebrated it. Second, she also wanted Cherry to see how sweet her son was to his elders!
###Chapter 103: The Birthday Gift For Daddy
Chapter 103: The Birthday Gift For Daddy 
Cherry blinked and asked, “Do I need to put on a disguise, Mommy?” 
At her question, Nora fell silent for a while. 
She originally intended to put some makeup on her so that no one would recognize her. 
However, when she thought of how Justin had blushed during dinner the night before when he realized that he had taken a sip of her drink… She couldn’t help but think that he wasn’t actually that scary, right…? 
Besides, the unsettling feeling she had the night before made her want to know what exactly the source of danger was. Also, why had her mother left such words behind before she died? 
She had a vague feeling that her premarital pregnancy back then was related to what had happened to her mother. 
After the incident, she had conducted some investigations. In her memory, she had never been in contact with Justin before. How exactly she became pregnant was also a mystery in itself. 
To be honest, it was meaningless to hide the truth from Justin. 
In that case, she might as well be honest with him. As for why Justin hated Pete’s mother so much, there must be some kind of misunderstanding involved. 
She was a frank and open person. Everything would be fine once properly explained. 
Having thought so, Nora replied, “… No, it’s okay.” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up. “Really?”
“Yes, really.” 
“That’s awesome!” 
Cherry picked up her cell phone and said, “I’m going to tell Pete that our family is gonna be reunited soon!” 
Seeing the little fellow about to run off happily, Nora suddenly asked, “Have you prepared a birthday present for Daddy?” 
Cherry paused and turned around. “Do kids have to prepare gifts for adults?” 
Nora, “?” 
Who was the one who kept saying she wasn’t a three-year-old anymore? 
Just as she was thinking about it, a grinning Cherry said, “Don’t worry, Mommy! I got it ready a long time ago! I’ve already drafted my speech. Daddy will definitely love the praises I’m gonna sing of him!” 
“…” 
So, her birthday gift for him was also a crazy bout of flattery? 
Excellent! This was indeed very fair! 
Nora didn’t pay her any more attention. Instead, she turned and went downstairs while she said, “Go and change. I’ll wait for you downstairs.” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
It was Saturday that day, so she didn’t have to go to school.
Tanya had moved to a hotel that the TV program production team had prepared for her after she picked up Cherry from school the day before, so that filming would be more convenient. 
Sheril had cooped herself up in the pharmaceutical factory’s laboratory again. As for Logan, he usually stayed out all night every day and rarely returned… Lastly, the elderly Mrs. Anderson was currently napping. 
Therefore, the house was deserted. 
When Nora went downstairs, she saw a forlorn Melissa seated on the sofa. Even though she was lost in thought, it was deeply ingrained in her to keep her back straight and pay attention to her form at all times, much like a noblewoman who had undergone strict training in olden times. 
Nora walked over to her. “How did it go, Aunt Melissa?” 
Melissa regained her senses and sighed. Then, she replied, “Miranda has returned to her parents’ place.” 
She went back to her parents’ place? 
Nora instantly understood what had happened. “Is it because Uncle Farrell lectured her?” 
Melissa nodded. 
As the head of the Woods, Farrell was no muddleheaded man. 
It was all thanks to Farrell that the Woods had steadily developed to where they were today. After all, times changed and developed quickly; many old-timer wealthy families that couldn’t keep up had all been eventually phased out. 
He was well aware of Miranda’s character a long time ago.
At first, when Miranda had gone home with a red and swollen cheek and complained in tears about Nora hitting her, Farrell had believed her. However, when Melissa went over to apologize, she explained that it was only because Miranda had hit her that Nora also gave her a slap out of anger. That was when he immediately understood what had happened. 
When he looked at Miranda again and saw the guilty look in her eyes, Farrell immediately reprimanded her. 
However, instead of being contrite, Miranda started to make a scene like a shrew. “Farrell! We’ve been married for so many years! Even if I haven’t made any grand contributions to the household, I’ve still given my life to this home! Yet the two of you are ganging up on me? It’s because you think the Sonnets are inferior to the Woods, isn’t it? So, you look down on me, don’t you? Then fine, I’ll leave!” 
After saying that, she left. 
Afterwards, Farrell told Melissa to go back home first. He also said that having Miranda return to her parents’ place to calm down a little wasn’t a bad thing either. 
The two of them were husband and wife, and already had a son and a daughter after all. Farrell would never ignore Miranda for real. 
Melissa heaved a sigh and said, “Farrell had an important meeting this morning, so he’s working overtime now. When I talked to him just now, he said that Miranda has to admit her wrongdoings before he would bring her back home.” 
The troubled woman rubbed her temples. 
What was wrong with living in harmony as a family? Why must she insist on fighting among themselves?
She was just thinking about it when she suddenly heard footsteps outside the door. Along with the servant’s shout of “Mrs. Wood is here, ma’am”, Miranda rushed into the room. 
She was terribly furious, but when she entered and immediately spotted Nora, she paused slightly and her eyes flickered. Then, she stood a slight distance away and started yelling angrily at Melissa. “Well done, you troublemaker! Will you only be happy when our family is broken up and in pieces?!” 
Melissa frowned. “Haven’t you admitted to your wrongdoings yet, Miranda?” 
“Why should I admit to any wrongdoings?” Miranda was so angry that she wanted to hit someone. However, when she saw Nora’s thin but tall figure, she kept a safe distance and shouted, “It must be your doing that Farrell hasn’t come to bring me back home yet, right? Do you think the Woods will be yours just because I’m not there? 
“Melissa, you’re so shameless! You’re already a married woman, yet you keep meddling in your brother and sister-in-law’s affairs! If one didn’t know any better, they’d have thought that there’s something going on between you and your brother!” 
“That’s enough!” Melissa shouted sharply, her usual gentleness nowhere in sight. She said, “Even if you’re dying to shame me, shouldn’t you consider Rachel’s feelings? She’s a daughter of the Woods! How is she going to find a husband if outsiders hear you saying that?! Are you trying to embarrass the Woods?!” 
Melissa rarely reprimanded anyone. This was the first time she was talking to her like this. 
Miranda was stunned for a moment, but she quickly regained her senses. She stamped her foot angrily and retorted, “The Woods? You’re an Anderson now, so what does the Woods have to do with you? Do you think you can tell me what to do when you aren’t even a Wood anymore? Also, I’m here today to tell you something!”
Miranda raised her chin and said, “You and Farrell have always looked down on me just because the Sonnets are inferior to the Woods, haven’t you? Hah, but Farrell has decided to give up the opportunity to invest with the Lowes. The Sonnets have fully taken over the investment spot he vacated! We’ve already bought over the spot just now!” 
Her words stunned Melissa. “What?” 
At the sight of how shocked she was, Miranda said triumphantly, “You egged your brother to give up investing just to fight with me, and ended up giving us the moneymaking opportunity in vain! Melissa, are you very angry now? 
“Just you wait. When the Sonnets strike it rich, Farrell will definitely regret what he’s done! When that happens, he’ll finally understand where his real family is!” 
“Melissa, when the Sonnets make it big, both you and your brother will have to lead your lives trying to please me!” 
Miranda turned and left immediately after leaving behind her forceful and sonorous statements. She didn’t give anyone a chance to refute her at all, leaving behind only Nora and Melissa who looked at each other wordlessly. 
A moment later, the thudding of footsteps reached them and Cherry walked down the stairs with her short little legs.. She stretched out her arms and dived toward Nora. “Mommy, I’ve gotten dressed! We can go to Daddy now!”
###Chapter 104: Don’t Hold Up Daddy’s Birthday Celebrations
Chapter 104: Don’t Hold Up Daddy’s Birthday Celebrations 
“Daddy?” Melissa was taken aback. “What Daddy?” 
Nora replied frankly, “It’s Cherry’s father.” 
Melissa became even more confused. “He’s in New York?” 
When she was checking Nora’s background back then, it was said that her premarital pregnancy had come about due to illicit sexual conduct. However, Melissa didn’t think that she was a loose woman, so she must have been deceived instead. 
Therefore, she subconsciously thought that Cherry’s father must be a bad person. 
And now, despite everything he had done, he had come to New York to look for them? 
While she was lost in thought, Nora took Cherry’s hand and went out. Melissa watched the two of them from the back. 
The lazy and sloppy adult held her hands behind her head and dragged her feet when she walked, while the child automatically grasped the corner of her clothes and skipped alongside her obediently. 
Neither of them were walking properly in the traditional sense, yet they formed an inexplicably harmonious and heartwarming sight. 
Nora was still driving the Andersons’ jeep today. Her movements were neat and snappy as she got into the car. She got Cherry to sit properly in the backseat. After putting on the seatbelt, she stepped on the gas pedal and the car zoomed out. 
Her driving was a little daredevil, but Cherry wasn’t afraid.
She reduced the half-hour-long journey to just fifteen minutes. 
The Hunts owned a large manor, but it was said to house a few generations of the Hunts, so Justin lived elsewhere with his son instead. 
Soon, Nora’s car arrived at the guardhouse. Visitors were usually required to register at the guardhouse, but as soon as she slowed down, the guard immediately said, “Ms. Smith, Mr. Hunt has already notified us that you’re coming today. Please proceed.” 
Nora raised her brows. Surprise flashed across her eyes. She hadn’t expected Justin to be so considerate. 
But when one thought about it, it made sense. It must be very crowded and busy when a golden boy high up in the air like him held a birthday party, so he must have already given the guards the guest list a long time ago, right? 
Otherwise, it would be too much trouble to register the visitors and call the host one by one. 
With that in mind, she drove into the villa complex. 
The villa complex was very big and the environment very beautiful. 
The last time Nora was here, was when she had learned that Pete was her son. Pete had brought her here to look for Cherry. It was very late that night and she hadn’t been in any mood to appreciate the surroundings that time either. 
As she looked around, she noticed that there was even a small stream inside. The villa complex was built next to hills and rivers, so the surroundings were very unique and distinctive. In addition, there were only a few villas inside, each situated very far away from the other, so it was very quiet and peaceful there.
When she turned the corner, someone suddenly rushed to the front of the car. 
Screeeeech! 
Nora slammed on the brakes. Inertia caused her body to lean forward a little. When she sat up straight to see who exactly it was being so reckless, someone knocked fiercely on the car window by the side. 
She turned to the side to see a few big and muscular men standing there and beckoning to her. 
A few people stood in front of and behind the car, trapping her and leaving her nowhere to go. 
Nora frowned unhappily. She rolled down the window, casually rested an arm on the door, and asked lazily, “What is it?” 
The man standing by the window had a long scar on his face and looked very fierce and menacing. He roared, “Get out of the car!” 
Nora, “?” 
Tsk. Were they trying to scare her? 
She didn’t move. Her cat-like eyes were downcast as she asked, “Is something the matter?” 
Scarface was about to say something when someone beside him sighed in admiration and commented, “Hey, that chick is gorgeous!” 
As soon as he said that, malicious looks suddenly appeared in the other men’s eyes and they stared at Nora greedily. 
Scarface frowned and ordered in a low voice, “Our target is the Hunts’ little mister. Don’t create any unnecessary trouble! If women are what you want, you can get any woman you want after we finish the job and get our money!”
He was likely the leader of the group. After he said that, no one made any more movements, though they continued to stare at Nora. 
Nora, however, frowned and asked, “Is your target the Hunts’ little mister?” 
“Yes!” Scarface looked through the window at the backseat. He said, “If you know what’s good for you, then hand him over! We don’t want to do anything more than that, so we can let you go! Otherwise, neither you nor he will live!” 
‘Neither you nor he will live’… 
A sharp look suddenly flared up in Nora’s eyes. 
Like what she had thought, they were indeed here for her son. 
Scarface was just paid to do whatever the person who hired him wanted. Someone had offered an astronomical sum for the Hunts’ little mister’s life. Although it was a difficult mission, it paid more than others. 
After finishing the job, they wouldn’t have to worry about making ends meet for the rest of their lives. 
Therefore, he had brought his men with him and lay here in ambush. 
They had already destroyed the surveillance cameras in the neighborhood a few days ago and had also waited here for a very long time. However, as expected of a rich man, Mr. Hunt had bodyguards with him all the time. On top of that, the little mister was never left alone and always had at least three or four bodyguards with him. 
They only either went to the Hunt Corporation or the Quinn School of Martial Arts.
How would they possibly have the guts to go to either of those places? 
As such, they could only wait for an opportunity here, and now, he was finally alone! 
Scarface looked at Cherry and curled his lip disdainfully. 
The Hunts’ little mister sure was cautious. The moment he was alone, he dressed up like a little girl. If it weren’t because he had seen photos of him, he probably wouldn’t even have recognized him! 
As for the charming female driver, he didn’t take her seriously at all. 
At last, he was about to complete his mission. At the thought of the money he was going to get, Scarface moved toward the car excitedly. However, it was at this moment that someone suddenly held him down by the shoulder. 
Nora calmly said to the person in the car, “Cherry, close your eyes and sing.” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
Cherry, who was seated in the backseat, had long been accustomed to this. She stretched out her chubby fingers and covered her eyes. Then, she began to sing. 
“Mary had a little man, little man, little man~ 
“Mary had a little man, he was so handsome~” 
Bam! 
“Ugh!” 
Bam!
“Ouch! That hurt!” 
Bam! Bam! Bam! 
The chaotic sounds outside rang out together with Cherry’s nursery rhymes. The little fellow couldn’t help but peek through her fingers, but every time she looked over, she would make eye contact with Nora’s vigilant eyes. 
Cherry immediately looked ahead of her obediently. She didn’t dare to peek anymore. 
At the same time, she also became a lot more well-behaved. 
Sigh, Mommy was just too ferocious. 
Those baddies were just too pitiful~ 
By the time she finished the nursery rhyme, the seven to eight large and muscular men outside were all sprawled on the ground. 
Scarface, who hurt all over, couldn’t get up at all. He stared at the woman in astoundment. “Who are you?” 
Given her skills, there was no way she was a nobody in the scene. 
Nora grabbed Scarface’s collar. Instead of answering, she asked, “What’s your name?” 
“B-Ben Loris.” 
Nora asked, “Where do you live? Who do you have in your family?” 
Scarface answered her questions one by one. Nora picked up her cell phone, tapped a few times on it randomly, and hacked into the public security system. Then, she found his personal information.
She held up the cell phone to Scarface and showed it to him. At once, he was terrified. “What do you want? It’s a rule in our line of work to leave family members out of this!” 
However, Nora’s lips curled into a smile and she said, “Remember, if anything happens to little Mr. Hunt, no matter who did it, I’ll come only for you.” 
Scarface, “!!” 
Nora dusted her hands off and looked at Cherry. “Let’s go.. Don’t hold up your father’s birthday celebrations.”
###Chapter 105: Daddy, Actually You Have A Daughter
Chapter 105: Daddy, Actually You Have A Daughter 
Nora turned around, intending to return to the car. 
But before she could get in, Scarface cried out fiercely, “You can’t do that! There are too many people in the scene who want him dead!” 
Nora paused. She suddenly looked back and asked, “What did you say?” 
Scarface replied, “We have a chat group where we take on missions. Over the years, quite a few missions to kill the Hunts’ little mister have been issued every once in a while! There are a lot of people after his life, and there are also a lot of people who’ve accepted the missions! While we were lying in ambush here, we’ve already encountered four to five other groups coming here for him…” 
Nora, “!!” 
She had no idea that her son was actually living in such an environment ever since he was a baby! 
It must be a miracle that he managed to reach five years of age safely! 
A sullen Nora asked, “Can you find out who issued the missions?” 
The woman had already thoroughly investigated his background and found out who his family members were. For his wife’s sake, Scarface didn’t dare to lie. He replied truthfully, “Mr. Hunt is a very well-known man. At the same time, he has also made a lot of enemies in the business world, so who can really say for sure?” 
“…” 
His words rendered Nora lost for words.
A brief moment later, she said, “Well, just remember what I told you just now.” 
Scarface, “!!” 
Had he said all that in vain? 
The men could only watch helplessly as Nora got into the car and drove away. They huddled together and asked, “What do we do now, Boss?” 
Scarface shouted angrily, “What else can we do? Continue to lay in ambush, of course!” 
“Are we going to look for another opportunity to kill him?” 
Scarface smacked him on the head and snapped, “Yeah, right! It’s so that we can protect the little Mr. Hunt, of course! If anything happens to him, I won’t let any of you off!” 
“…” 
Nora didn’t hear how their discussion went. After making another turn, she suddenly stopped the car and hopped into the backseat from in between the driver seat and the passenger seat. 
Cherry asked, “… What’s the matter, Mommy?” 
Nora grabbed her bag and took out some cosmetics. She said, “Let’s not tell your Daddy the truth for now. It’s too dangerous. After thinking about it, I decided that we’ll just smuggle your brother out someday and go abroad together and be done with it.” 
“…” 
The corners of Cherry’s lips spasmed. 
So, did Mommy get a bad impression of Daddy again after hearing that he had a lot of enemies?
At the villa. 
Pete had been very excited ever since he received a text message from Cherry half an hour ago, saying that they were going to be reunited as a family that day. 
After much thought, he decided that he had to give the tyrant a warning first, lest he got too worked up and did something inappropriate. 
Thus, after a short internal struggle, Pete went to Justin’s study. 
With a very serious look on his face, the little fellow said to Justin, “Daddy, I have something to tell you.” 
Justin was currently looking at the mirror and adjusting his clothes. Did the black suit make him seem a little old? 
But wouldn’t a white suit make him look too frivolous? 
Dark colors suited him better after all… 
Which tie should he use? 
In the midst of his internal struggle, upon hearing Pete, he raised his eyebrows and asked, “What is it?” 
Pete kept quiet for a moment. Then, he finally said, “Actually, you have a daughter.” 
Justin, “” 
He turned his head abruptly to see Pete staring at him seriously. 
Father and son stared at each other for a long while before Justin finally asked, “Oh? Where is she?” 
Pete replied, “You’ll meet her very soon.”
Practically right after he said that, his cell phone beeped. 
Pete looked down and glanced at it—it was an audio message from Cherry. Her young, tender voice rang out in his earphones: “Mommy says she doesn’t want to tell Daddy anymore, Pete. Don’t accidentally reveal anything, okie?” 
Pete, “?” 
His tiny form stiffened for a moment. Then, he slowly raised his head and saw that… 
The tyrant was staring at him silently. 
He was staring at him silently… 
He was still staring at him… 
“…” 
A few seconds later, Pete suddenly tilted his head and tried his best to imitate Cherry. He said, “Daddy, look at me. Am I cute? Aren’t I adorable? Do I look like a little girl?” 
Justin was utterly bewildered. 
His son’s personality change had been invisible and sporadic previously, but he had actually personally witnessed him switching from a taciturn personality to a cute and adorable one this time. He felt like he was about to have a mental breakdown. 
If one were to visualize how he currently felt using an emoji, then it would definitely be a face that was split down the middle in two…
Rows and rows of it… 
Pete quietly turned and walked away. He heaved a long and heavy sigh. 
Life was simply too hard! 
At his young age, he was shouldering a burden that one his age shouldn’t be shouldering! 
Ding-dong! 
The doorbell suddenly rang. Before Pete could do anything, he saw the tyrant walk over quickly. However, he didn’t open the door immediately when he reached it. Instead, he tidied his clothes a little before he finally opened the door. There was even a smile on his face. 
It must be Ms. Smith at the door… 
… Or so Justin thought. Instead, he saw a surprised and flattered Chester standing outside. “You’re actually opening the door for me, Justin?” 
Justin, “?” 
With a look of displeasure, he asked, “Why are you here?” 
Chester beamed and replied, “It’s your birthday today, so I specially came over to celebrate it with you!” 
“…” 
Justin stepped aside to let him in. Chester entered the house and placed the gift in the hallway. 
In the kitchen, Sean and the others were preparing lunch.
After all, they had told Ms. Smith the day before that it was a ‘birthday party’, so they couldn’t have no one else around. 
A while later, the doorbell rang again. 
Chester, who liked running errands the most, ran over to open the door. 
Seeing that he had gone over, Justin remained on the sofa, though his ears perked up. However, when he looked at the door out of the corner of his eye, he saw Tina York coming in instead. She exuded a mature charm all over as she stood there gracefully and said, “Happy birthday, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin’s expression darkened even further. “What are you doing here?” 
Tina’s fists balled up a little, but the next moment, she asked graciously, “Is it inconvenient for me to be here?” 
Typically, the host would never drive anyone out when they came bearing birthday gifts, right? 
But as soon as she said that, she heard Justin replying coldly, “Yes, it certainly is.” 
Tina, “?” 
Chester could sense Justin’s displeasure. Knowing that he was the one who had let her in, he smiled awkwardly and said, “Everyone here tonight is male, Ms. York. It is indeed inconvenient when you’re the only woman here…” 
In other words, please have some self-awareness and leave after leaving the gift behind! 
However, Tina acted as if she didn’t understand what he meant and said, “It’s okay. We pretty much grew up together, so you can just think of me as a guy.” 
After speaking, she went straight to the kitchen.
At this point, the doorbell rang again. 
Tina ran over and opened the door while saying, “I’ll get it.” 
However, when she opened the door, she saw Nora’s pretty face. Tina’s expression immediately darkened. She took a couple of steps out, lowered her voice, and demanded, “Why are you here?” 
Nora, “” 
She raised her eyebrows. “Why can’t I be here?” 
Tina immediately replied, “There’s still a certain difference in status between the Andersons and the Hunts, Ms. Smith. I’d advise you to stop daydreaming. Also… Mr. Hunt has said that it’s not convenient to host female guests at home today. Please leave!” 
After saying that, she immediately took a step back and closed the door! 
Inside, Justin, who didn’t see anyone coming in, asked, “Who was it?” 
“Oh,” Tina smiled gently and said, “It’s nothing.. The building management staff came to wish you a happy birthday, but they said that they won’t enter in case they disturb you.”
###Chapter 106: Sweetcherry Is Trending~
Chapter 106: Sweetcherry Is Trending~ 
The building management? 
They did indeed come to offer him birthday wishes every year, but that was usually in the evening. Surely they wouldn’t intrude upon them at noon, right? 
Besides, it was almost twelve. Why wasn’t Ms. Smith here yet? 
Was she not intending to come anymore? 
The thought caused a wave of restless irritability to suddenly well up in Justin and he stood up abruptly. His deep-set eyes stared hard at the door and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye flashed with frosty displeasure. 
At the sight, Chester, who was playing games on his cell phone, asked, “Are you waiting for someone, Justin?” 
“No, I’m not,” replied Justin, who denied it without even a second thought. 
He had given the woman an opportunity to get close to him, but she hadn’t seized it. It was her loss. What did it have to do with him? 
That woman was obviously the one in love with him, but why was he instead the one feeling insecure now? 
Justin was stunned. 
At the door, a smile formed on Tina’s face when she overheard their conversation.
She had really thought that Mr. Hunt had invited her over when she saw Nora at the door just now. From the look of things now though, that wasn’t the case. She must have heard from somewhere that it was Mr. Hunt’s birthday and specially came to appeal to him! 
How shameless. 
How dare she set her sights on Mr. Hunt when she already had a kid! 
In that case, she would make it such that she couldn’t even get past the door! 
As soon as the thought formed, Pete ran out of his room and said, “Daddy, I heard that you refused to let Mommy in?” 
Justin’s eyes darkened at once. As if he had suddenly realized something, he strode toward the door. 
He abruptly pulled the door open, revealing a bored Nora outside. The empty-handed woman looked at him lazily, her voice low and leisurely as she asked, “I heard it’s not convenient for you to host female guests today, Mr. Hunt?” 
For some reason, Justin felt a slight tremor in his heart the instant he saw her, and his unhappiness from just now disappeared without a trace. 
A smile appeared on his face and he replied, “It is indeed inconvenient to host other female guests because we’re expecting a special little female guest today…” 
He tore his gaze away from Nora and looked at the little fellow next to her, upon which the corners of his lips started to spasm. 
Cherry’s face had been painted dramatically to look like a clown. The area around her eyes was painted black and lipstick stretched out from the corners of her mouth. 
The child’s original appearance wasn’t distinguishable, but she nevertheless still looked cute.
The little fellow’s big eyes were filled with grievances. She pointed at Tina and said, “But that middle- aged woman said she’s not letting us in!” 
Justin frowned and looked at Tina. 
Tina was dumbfounded. 
She clenched her fists tightly. She hadn’t expected that the Smith woman had already won over the little mister! 
With an awful look on her face, she said awkwardly, “Mr. Hunt, I wasn’t lying to you on purpose. It’s because you guys said just now that it’s inconvenient for you to host female guests, so I misunderstood! As for saying that it was building management staff…” 
She looked at Nora, sighed, and said, “Mr. Hunt hates women coming to his place without his consent the most. I was afraid that he would get mad at you if he knew you were here, so I told a white lie. But as it turns out, he had invited you. I didn’t mean to overreact!” 
“…” 
Nora couldn’t help but let out a ‘tsk’ at her explanation. 
Just look at that fake and manipulative way of speech; she could make even lies sound like the truth. The corners of Nora’s lips turned upwards and she said, “Am I supposed to thank you, then?” 
“No, it’s fine.” Tina smiled and said, “After all, I was the one who made a mistake. Fortunately, I didn’t cause any misunderstandings. 
Nora was about to reply when a voice reached them. “You sure know how to make excuses for yourself, Ms. York! You’re obviously trying to hog Mr. Hunt by driving other women away and allowing only yourself
to stay. Do you think no one can tell that you like Mr. Hunt?” 
Tina’s expression instantly changed dramatically. “No, I wasn’t. I…” 
Nora, “?” 
Why did that annoying voice sound kinda familiar? 
She looked over to see someone standing in front of her and smiling at her. “We meet again, Ms. Smith!” 
Nora was a little taken aback. “Who are you?” 
The corners of the man’s lips spasmed a little. “Your memory isn’t very good, Ms. Smith. We met in California. I’m Lawrence Zimmer, Mr. Hunt’s executive assistant!” 
Nora asked, “… Why have you become so tanned?” 
Lawrence, “” 
Who wouldn’t become tanned after being thrown into the tropics for half a month? Let’s not expose people leading a hard life, please! 
However, he clearly remembered why he had been thrown into the tropics, so he tried his best to force an ingratiating smile. 
Nora said, “Please don’t smile. Your face looks even more tanned when contrasted with your teeth.” 
Lawrence, “…” 
The few of them walked into the room as they chatted. 
Seeing that they were no longer paying any more attention to her, Tina took a deep breath and followed after them. However, when she reached the door, Lawrence stopped in his tracks, looked back at her,
and said, “Ms. York, it’s Mr. Hunt’s birthday, so it’s inconvenient for us to host female guests today.” 
After saying that, he slammed the door shut with a loud bang. 
Tina, “!!” 
She felt as if someone had just given her a few tight slaps across her cheek! She gritted her teeth. It was all because of Nora that she was shut out! 
However, the people inside the villa were completely unaware of how angry Tina was outside the door. 
Nora spotted the birthday card on the coffee table the moment she entered. She immediately picked it up and asked, “Is this the birthday card that your son made for you?” 
Pete, who was staring at his sister’s strange clown makeup, was bewildered. 
He looked at the birthday card in silence and then at Justin. At once, he saw the tyrant giving him a long look before he replied, “Yes.” 
Pete, “…” 
Nora looked at the birthday card again and again before she finally put it down reluctantly. Her son was the sweetest after all! Look at that stinky little Cherry! All she had was just a crazy bout of flattery! 
To that, Cherry would like to express that this was unfair! 
After having lunch at the Hunts, Cherry finally successfully gave Justin the birthday gift she had prepared —a crazy bout of flattery. Nora then took Cherry back home. 
After the two of them left, Pete finally picked up the birthday card, handed it to Justin, and commented disdainfully, “Daddy, your handwriting is too ugly!”
Justin, “…” 
That was him deliberately imitating Pete’s handwriting with his left hand!! 
Did Ms. Smith forget to give him a birthday gift today though? 
He entered the study. Sean and Lawrence followed after him. 
Sean said, “Your uncle bribed people to kidnap Pete again. They supposedly even gave them photos this time.” 
Photos… 
Justin frowned. “Nothing about Pete must be leaked!” 
Sean nodded. “Yes, sir!” 
Justin instructed, “Create a screening system. This way, if photos of Pete surface anywhere on the Internet, we’ll be notified right away!” 
This was the only way they could strictly prevent information on Pete from being leaked! 
Sean replied, “Yes, sir!” 
At the same time at the live-stream platform’s studio. 
The person-in-charge of the gaming channels said excitedly to the supervisor, “sweetcherry really lives up to expectations! This is just her fourth face-off, but she’s already trending!!”
###Chapter 107: Little Cherry Is Famous Now!
Chapter 107: Little Cherry Is Famous Now! 
The supervisor was a little taken aback to hear that. “How come?” 
sweetcherry wasn’t a huge celebrity. It was a little hard for even the big-name live-streamers on their platform to trend on social media, let alone sweetcherry when she was only in the top 80? 
The supervisor picked up his cell phone. At once, he noticed that a hashtag, #whoselittleprincessisthat, was actually trending at 49th place. 
Although it wasn’t ranked very high, for someone like sweetcherry who only had 250,000 followers, the number of engagements it had was very impressive. 
One must admit that sweetcherry’s ability to attract followers was superb. They didn’t even promote her much, yet she had already gained 50,000 followers on her own just by relying on the face-off contest’s popularity and the way she dissed people without repeating any of the jokes. 
Her follower count in the app had been visibly increasing ever since she started to trend. 
The supervisor checked the hashtag. Right away, he saw that more than 100,000 people had actually started to follow the keyword ‘sweetcherry’. 
One of the top posts under the hashtag 
#whoselittleprincessisthat was: 
“Make no mistake, Sweetcherry is definitely a little princess from a wealthy family! 
“To be honest, you can tell just by the way she speaks! In one of her game rounds, she said to a teammate, ‘Why is your horse slower than even my Whitey?’ A fan then asked who Whitey was, to which
she replied, ‘My little pony, of course. It’s currently in the stable. Speaking of which, I kinda miss it!’ Horseback riding is a very expensive sport. Of course, it’s true that anyone who’s rich can take lessons, but! sweetcherry actually has her own little pony! Think about it! Think about it veeery carefully!” 
There were almost 10,000 replies to the post. 
Everyone became Sherlock Holmes and started to piece together Cherry’s daily life through the bits and pieces of information that she revealed whenever she dissed someone. 
After much analysis, everyone finally concluded that sweetcherry was definitely a little princess from a wealthy family! 
Otherwise, there was no way a five-year-old would have people like Sponsor Grandpa and Sponsor Daddy tipping them so generously! 
Whenever someone who didn’t know what was going on clicked on the trending topic and asked who sweetcherry was, everyone enthusiastically filled them in and even affectionately nicknamed her Sweetie. 
The photo featured in the post was a screenshot of her live-stream when she revealed her face. 
Although it was blurry, one could still tell at a glance that she looked very sweet and adorable. This gave her even more bonus points! 
The supervisor looked through the posts one by one. At once, he said excitedly, “I wanted to keep her low-profile and wait until she got into the top 20 before I start promoting her, but I didn’t expect her fans to make such a good showing. She’s actually become popular on her own! This child is meant to be famous!” 
Right after the supervisor said that, the corners of the person-in-charge’s lips spasmed a little. He said, “Sir, she’s in a new trending post.”
The supervisor was surprised. 
When he looked at the trending topics again, he saw that a new post had appeared at 45th place and was even showing signs of going further up the rankings. The hashtag was #weonlyhave75milliondollars. 
A video of a live-stream was featured in the post. 
In sweetcherry’s live-stream, a follower who saw the trending post had asked: ‘Sweetie, are you from a wealthy family?’ 
The video was of the game. sweetcherry asked, “What’s a wealthy family?” 
The follower replied: ‘People who are rich.’ 
sweetcherry said, “We aren’t rich. Mommy says that we’re very poor. We only have 75 million dollars, so she told me not to overspend. If not, we’ll have to ask my Grand-aunt for money.” 
Everyone was utterly bewildered. 
‘Only’ 75 million dollars?!?! 
Amidst the rows and rows of ‘’ in the comments, Sponsor Grandpa gave her a tip of 9,999 airplanes. The comment that came together with the tip was bold and capitalized: “Your family is indeed very poor. Buy some clothes for yourself with this.” 
Everyone, “!!!” 
The big boss was here again! 
As a result, #weonlyhave75milliondollars started to trend.
The supervisor’s hands were shaking from excitement. 
He looked straight at the person-in-charge and instructed, “Contact the relevant social media platforms and get this post into the top three trending topics!” 
The person-in-charge laughed and said, “Got it.” 
The bonus that the company got from the big boss’ tip alone was enough for them to put the post into the top three trending topics! 
He had a hunch that sweetcherry would definitely be the rage all over the world! 
Cherry was in the midst of her live-stream. The only thing she intuitively felt was that she was receiving more and more comments in her live-stream. It was to the extent that she couldn’t even keep up anymore. Thus, she stopped interacting with the comments and focused on her game instead. 
It was only when she glanced at her follower count two hours later when the live-stream ended that she received a huge shock—she had actually gained 500,000 followers in two hours! 
On top of that, even though the live-stream had ended, her follower count was still soaring. Each page refresh saw an increase of a few thousand followers. She swallowed hard. She had a bad feeling about this. 
… If she told Mommy about this, Mommy definitely won’t let her live-stream anymore! 
But Sponsor Grandpa was waiting for her every day… 
Little Cherry made a big decision at this moment—she wouldn’t tell anyone about this. After all, her face wasn’t shown during the live-streams, so no one knew what she looked like, right?
Cherry, who wasn’t on any social media platforms, was completely unaware that one could replay live- streams, let alone the fact that she had already gone viral. 
In the study at the Hunts’ villa. 
The psychiatrist placed two pill bottles in front of Justin and said, “Let him take one pill a day for this one, and two a day for this one, Mr. Hunt. I’ve made these pills for mental disorders look like vitamins. Have Pete take them for a while.” 
Justin stared at the two pill bottles. 
To be honest, he had wanted to take it slow. After all, Pete’s ‘condition’ had improved after they returned to New York. In fact, he hadn’t had any relapses for a while. 
However, his personalities were starting to switch back and forth frequently again during the past few days… 
Yes, that’s right. The psychiatrist had re-diagnosed him after Justin told him about Pete’s behavior. Children with mild autism weren’t very mentally stable after all. 
Therefore, the psychiatrist had made a bold deduction—Pete had schizophrenia! 
One of his personalities was a boy. 
The other was a little princess. 
After some discussion between the two, they decided to try putting him on medication. However, it was imperative that patients with such disorders not be resistant to treatment, so the psychiatrist came up with a solution to disguise the pills as vitamins and have Pete take them unknowingly. This way, everything would be fine! 
Justin took the bottles and nodded.
After the psychiatrist left, he walked out of the study to see the nanny sorting out the gifts he had received. At the sight of him, the nanny said, “Mr. Hunt, this watch is from Mr. Chester. This is from Mr. Sean, and this is from Mr. Lawrence. There’s also this—it’s a scarf from Ms. York…” 
Justin frowned and said, “Put everything in the storage room. As for the scarf… It’s getting cold. You can wear it when you go out for groceries!” 
A troubled Justin stood in place after the nanny left. What could he do to remind Ms. Smith that she had forgotten his gift? 
While thinking, he went to Pete’s room, placed the two pill bottles on his desk, and said, “These are vitamins.. Remember to take them every day.”
###Chapter 108: Daddy, Are You Asleep?
Chapter 108: Daddy, Are You Asleep? 
Night had fallen. 
The little Pete was currently reading at the big desk. Upon hearing what Justin said, he looked up from the book silently and glanced at the bottles. He stretched out his arms, opened the bottles, and took a couple of looks at it. Then, he said, “I’m not taking them.” 
Justin replied, “…These vitamins are nutrition supplements. You have to take them.” 
Pete fell silent for a moment before he asked, “Can they boost brainpower?” 
“… Probably?” 
As soon as he said that, Pete pushed the bottles to him and said, “You’ll need them very much, then.” 
Justin, “?” 
His expression instantly darkened and he said sarcastically, “Peter! Hunt! I have an IQ of 301!” 
301 was the highest IQ among human beings thus far! 
It was just that he was a low-key person who never behaved ostentatiously. Neither had the test results ever been publicly announced. 
Pete, however, glanced at him disdainfully and said, “It’s said that people with high IQs have low EQs. True enough, you’re really very stupid. It’s been so long, yet you haven’t landed Mommy yet.” 
They were supposed to be reunited today, but he had displeased Mommy again. 
Sigh!
Poor tyrant. 
He pushed the two bottles of vitamins toward Justin again and said, “Remember to take them every day. They can boost both your brainpower and EQ.” 
“…” 
Justin walked out of Pete’s room sullenly. The man, who had always been shrewd and unreadable, often found himself so exasperated by Pete that even his chest hurt. 
He couldn’t help but think of the little girl that Ms. Smith had brought today… 
To be honest, before meeting Cherry, he had been somewhat averse to her. 
He couldn’t help feeling somewhat uncomfortable whenever he thought of how she was a child that the woman had with an idiot. He had thought that even if he did accept Nora, he wouldn’t be able to accept a child that she had with another man. 
But for some reason, even though the little fellow had been painted to look like a clown, her voice was so young and tender. She sounded just like how his son did during his occasional bouts of abnormality. 
Did all children add a ‘yeah’ at the end of their sentences? 
Then, he thought of the unceasing flow of praises that had poured out of her mouth that had been painted big and red. The things she said—such as how he was ‘even more handsome than Prince Charming’ and how his ‘good looks were out of this world’—were clearly very explicit, yet they sounded so nice when she was the one saying them. 
After that, the little fellow even naturally held his hand. 
Children were all soft and tender. He wanted to push her away, but what he instead did was carefully hold her, for fear that he might accidentally break her hand if he was too forceful…
After comparing them like that, it seemed like a daughter was more lovable after all. 
For some inexplicable reason, he was actually starting to miss how Pete had behaved during his relapses. 
Justin felt that he must be out of his mind. Otherwise, why would he possibly think of having his son turn into a girl again? 
His gaze fell onto the two bottles of ‘vitamins’ that he had brought back with him. In the end, he actually really opened the bottles and took a couple of pills. 
He laid down casually after taking the pills. Then, he realized that he had missed Sweetie’s live-stream today. 
Come to think of it, there were some who addressed sweetcherry as Cherry, too. It was actually the same name as the little girl who had come over today… 
Why was he thinking of that little girl again? 
She was a child that Nora had with another man! Why was he caring about and missing her so much? 
Justin felt that he must not have taken enough medicine. 
He suppressed his irritability. When he took a look at his cell phone, he accidentally opened his Facebook account and saw that Chester had posted a photo of the gathering that afternoon. The photo was captioned ‘Happy birthday, Justin! Do you like my gift?’ 
‘Gift’… 
Why was it back to the topic of gifts again! 
Justin coughed. He had suddenly thought of a way to remind Nora about the gift!
He got up, entered the storage room, and took random photos of a few things in his own collection. The man who had slight obsessive-compulsive disorder arranged the photos into a nine-box grid collage. Then, he wrote: ‘Thanks for the gifts today, everyone.’ 
After that, he set the post’s privacy level so that it was visible only to Nora. 
After posting the photo, he tossed the cell phone aside. The man, who had originally decided not to work that evening so that he could spend some time with his son, couldn’t stop himself from picking up his laptop and using work to distract himself. 
A minute later, he picked up his cell phone and glanced at it. 
There weren’t any notifications. 
Thinking that he wouldn’t get a response so quickly anyway, he put down the phone. 
Besides, what was he being so nervous for? He just wanted to give Ms. Smith a reminder and another chance to send her birthday gift for him over, that was all. 
For example, she could leave a comment saying ‘Oops, I forgot to pass you the gift’. 
Then, he would reply: “It’s okay, I’m on a business trip nearby. Go get it.” 
Oh, but it didn’t seem quite right to tell her to go and get it. That would make him seem like he was asking her for a gift. 
He would just say that he was on a business trip nearby, then. She would definitely say that she would bring it over…
While thinking about it, another five minutes went by. Justin picked up his cell phone again, but there still weren’t any notifications. 
He frowned and stared hard at the phone. 
Half an hour later! 
He finally got a notification—there was a red ‘1’ at the alerts! 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled upward and his slender and well-defined finger tapped lightly on it. His heart even skipped a beat when he tapped on the notification. 
Then, he saw the words ‘Nora Smith likes your post’. 
“…” 
Justin stared at the notification for a very long time until he was sure that that was all there was. Then, he chucked the phone aside angrily. 
— 
At 8 pm. 
The person-in-charge of the live-stream app called the supervisor who had just knocked off. He said, “Sir, hurry and take a look at Facebook!” 
The supervisor, who had only just got home, suddenly had a bad feeling. He hurriedly opened Facebook to see that another hashtag, #fantasiaclaimssweetcherryisfake, was now trending. 
Fantasia was also a live-streamer registered with them. However, she wasn’t in the gaming channels but in the entertainment channels. She was supposedly a young lady from a wealthy family.
During her live-stream today, someone had asked her about sweetcherry in the comments. She had immediately replied, “Oh, sweetcherry? Do you guys actually believe that a princess-y background like hers is real? Real wealthy families will never allow their children to show their faces in public like that when they’re just five! I only managed to start live-streaming after fighting with my family for a really long time!” 
Her words suggested that sweetcherry’s background was fake and that it was just an image that a management company had created in order to hype her. 
Due to sweetcherry’s popularity, the post about what she said had shot straight up to the top 20 trending topics! 
The person-in-charge asked nervously, “What should we do about this?” 
The supervisor frowned and replied, “I suppose you can also say this is a different way of trying to get popularity. But Fantasia really just leeches off the popularity of whoever is a hot topic at the moment. Issue her a warning.” 
The person-in-charge said, “Okay, got it. sweetcherry is the most promising live-streamer in my opinion this year. Besides, she’s only five; the things that children say are the cutest. I mustn’t let Fantasia ruin it.” 
Cherry, the topic of their discussion, was currently tucked snugly under her covers at the moment. After sending some stickers to ‘Grandpa’ on Facebook Messenger to maintain their spark of friendship, she said happily, “Mommy, I added Daddy on Facebook today! What should I say to him?” 
After thinking, she typed a message seriously: ‘Daddy, are you asleep?’ 
Her message filled Justin’s mind with question marks right away: 
He was still in the midst of being mad at Nora for being so heartless, yet she had thrown herself right into the line of fire. Who had given her permission to call him Daddy? 
Justin replied coldly: “I’m not your father.” 
Then, he blocked Cherry on Facebook. 
He wasn’t going to accept the child that woman had with an idiot! Not even if she was free of charge!
###Chapter 109: Don’t You Want To Be My Daddy?
Chapter 109: Don’t You Want To Be My Daddy? 
When Cherry saw the words “I’m not your father”, she secretly covered her mouth and giggled, but soon she found herself unable to laugh anymore. 
She had used the voice-to-text converter and sent him a message: “Don’t you want to be my Daddy?” 
But when she tried sending the message, she saw a big exclamation mark in front of it! 
At the same time, a message prompt also appeared: “This person is unavailable on Messenger.” 
A dumbfounded Cherry’s big round eyes widened. 
She turned to Nora who had just taken a bath. The young woman had already put away her phone and was resting quietly on the bed with her eyes closed. Upon seeing that she was about to go to sleep, Cherry anxiously pushed her and asked, “Mommy, can you take a look at this for me? Why isn’t Daddy receiving my messages?” 
Nora lazily opened her eyes. After glancing at the phone, she replied in amusement, “Oh, he’s blocked you.” 
Cherry, “” 
As someone who had always been everyone’s favorite person in all her social circles, Cherry would like to say that she had never ever suffered such injustice before in all her five years of life! 
She pouted and asked sadly, “Why did he block me? I’m so cute!” 
Nora yawned and replied mercilessly, “It’s because you called him Daddy.”
“…” 
Cherry felt even more like crying and she threw the cell phone aside. 
The heartbroken little Cherry closed her eyes and gradually fell asleep while thinking “Stupid Daddy. I will never like you ever again”. 
Unfortunately, there were also some who found themselves unable to sleep that night. 
Tina tossed and turned repeatedly on the bed, her mind preoccupied with thoughts of what had happened in the villa. 
Justin hadn’t even looked at her when he noticed her. Not only did he have a cold look on his face, but his attitude was also distant, just like how he usually was at work. However, the look in his eyes obviously changed the moment he saw that woman. 
On top of that, he had even said something about a ‘little guest’… 
In her opinion, they looked more like a family of four on a blind date. 
But why? 
Nora already had a daughter. How could a woman like her be worthy of a man like Justin? 
The more she thought about it, the more she couldn’t sleep. Thus, she picked up her cell phone and opened Facebook, intending to distract herself by surfing through the trending topics. 
What was that ranked third in the list of trending topics? 
Tina tapped on it casually and started to read the post about sweetcherry.
After realizing that it was about an unknown live-streamer, she took a couple of random looks at the post. She was about to go back to the list when she suddenly noticed the photo in the post. Was that… Pete? 
Tina had never thought much of Pete. In her opinion, he was just a pitiful little boy without a mother. Once she married Mr. Hunt, they would definitely have children of their own. She would raise him and then just send him away after he grew up. 
Even so, she had to admit that Pete had completely inherited his father’s looks. Given his impeccably exquisite facial features, he was the prettiest child she had ever seen during the last few years. 
He was probably wearing a wig in the photo, so he had two little braids which made him look like a girl. There was no way she would mistake him for anyone else, though. 
Tina felt as if she had just discovered a whole new world. 
She studied the post carefully, upon which she finally understood what was going on with sweetcherry. 
She was actually a five-year-old gaming live-streamer. 
Even their ages matched! 
A gaming live-streamer, though… So, as it turned out, the reason why the Hunts’ little mister didn’t go to school, and why there had been rumors some time back that his grades were deteriorating was that he had become addicted to games! 
Based on Tina’s understanding of Justin, she was very sure that he had absolutely no idea about Pete’s live-streams. Justin would never allow his children to do such things. 
Therefore, Pete must be doing this behind Mr. Hunt’s back… No wonder he was pretending to be a girl. This way, the probability of him being discovered would indeed be smaller.
Tina’s eyes lit up and she suddenly smiled. 
Everything had originally been fine after she drove away Nora and her little bastard. It was all because Pete had suddenly run out of his room. On top of that, he had even insisted on calling Nora Mommy and being in cahoots with her. 
That woman sure was smart to win over the kid first though. With his help, she could then go on and try to win over the adult… Tsk, how scheming. 
Ah well. It was her fault for playing too much by the rules, being too haughty, and finding it beneath her to win over a child… 
Tina felt much better now. She put away her phone and fell asleep. 
It was Sunday the next day. 
Tina went straight to the Hunts’ villa after she woke up. 
She was an attending doctor in Hospital Finest, so she often went over to the Hunts as a doctor when someone was feeling unwell. In particular, after it was said that she had saved the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s life, she went in and out of the Hunts’ as if it was her home. 
She also did the same for Justin’s villa. 
This was one of the reasons why she was able to go to the villa the day before. 
She drove to the villa’s entrance. However, the gantry barrier at the entrance didn’t automatically lift even after she waited for a while. Surprised, Tina rolled down the car window. Right away, she saw the security guard asking sternly, “Do you have an appointment, Ms. York?” 
Tina, “?”
She was dumbfounded for a moment. Then, she pointed to herself and said, “Do I even need to make an appointment? It’s not like you’re new here. Did you forget who I am?” 
However, the security guard replied just as sternly as ever, “No, but Mr. Hunt has specifically left us instructions saying that you’re not allowed to go in and out at will anymore.” 
Tina, “!!” 
An indescribable sense of embarrassment arose in her and she clenched her fists tightly. 
Even her eyes had reddened in anger. “Is this a misunderstanding?” 
The security guard replied, “Mr. Hunt personally gave us the instructions. Isn’t your full name Tina York?” 
“…” 
Tina took a deep breath. Then, she said, “I’ll give Mr. Hunt a call right away. There may be some kind of misunderstanding.” 
After saying that, she picked up her cell phone and dialed Justin’s private number. 
Justin had two mobile numbers. One was for work while the other was his private number. 
During the period when Mrs. Hunt had been hospitalized, she was her attending doctor, so Justin had given her his private phone number. She had always been able to get through previously. 
However, when she dialed his number this time, she instead heard the intercept message: ‘Hello, the number you have dialed is not in service.’ 
Not in service? What nonsense! She just wasn’t on his list of contacts anymore, that was all! 
Tina clenched her fists tightly. She stopped the car at the side and struck the steering wheel angrily.
No, Mr. Hunt would never do this to her! That woman must have said something to him! 
She suddenly thought of something and called Pete. 
In no time, someone picked up. Pete’s young but serious voice came from the other end: “Hello, who is this?” 
Tina forced a smile and said, “Hi Pete, I’m Aunt Tina.” 
“You must have called the wrong number. I don’t know any Aunt Tina… beep… beep… beep…” 
The other party had hung up. 
The expression on Tina’s face became even more awful! 
As expected, Pete was still just as unappreciative of her kindness as ever. 
She took a deep breath and let out an icy laugh. 
Fine. She was originally intending to talk to him nicely and coax him to help her, but judging from his attitude, it looked like he was determined to help Nora. 
In that case, he didn’t have any right to blame her even if she told Justin about his live-streams!
###Chapter 110: She Shouldn’t Stop Father And Daughter From Acknowledging Each Other
Chapter 110: She Shouldn’t Stop Father And Daughter From Acknowledging Each Other 
Unfortunately, Tina couldn’t enter the villa anymore. Neither could she get through to Justin’s phone. It was the weekend, so he wouldn’t be going to the office, either. As such, she could only wait for him at the gates! 
At the same time at the Andersons. 
By the time Nora woke up, Cherry was already out playing with Melissa. She stretched and went to wash up. After that, she went downstairs leisurely. 
After a simple lunch, Melissa and Cherry returned. 
Someone else also came back together with them—it was actually Sheena. She hadn’t seen her in a long time. She had a sullen and hostile look on her face at the moment.. 
She hadn’t even taken a seat when she immediately asked Melissa, “What’s wrong with you? Why did you reject the Lowes’ real estate investment opportunity?” 
Knowing that Sheena was here, Simon, who was home that day, left the study on the upper floor and went down. He was a little taken aback when he heard her question, so he asked, “What investment opportunity are you talking about?” 
Sheena looked at Melissa and said with displeasure, “I’ll let her tell you about it instead!” 
Melissa sighed and told Simon what had happened. 
Nora took a seat on the one-seater sofa while she was recounting the events. She couldn’t help but purse her lips.
Come to think of it, it really was pretty surprising for Aunt Melissa to marry into the Andersons. 
Given how she had a sister-in-law like Miranda back home and an aggressive sister-in-law like Sheena here, Nora really didn’t know how she even survived all these years. 
While she was secretly dissing them, Melissa also gave them a simple summary of what had happened. 
As soon as she did, Sheena, who was a career woman focused solely on making money, couldn’t help but say, “News of how the Lowes are short of funds for their real estate investment has already spread throughout the circle! A lot of people immediately rushed over to invest, but the Lowes rejected them all. It’s not like they work with just any Tom, Dick, or Harry! Since they’ve chosen the Woods, why couldn’t you just let your sister-in-law criticize you a little and suffer a little? That way, you’d have been able to help the Andersons make some money! Simon, a good opportunity has slipped away just like that. Aren’t you going to say anything about it, Simon?” 
Simon had been frowning since just now. When he heard what she said, he immediately turned to Melissa and looked at her face. He said, “Miranda actually hit you right in our house? She’s too much! How is your cheek? Does it still hurt? Let me have a look…” 
Sheena, “?” 
Melissa, who seemed like she already knew that he would react like this, smiled and shook her head. “I’m fine. It’s already been two days.” 
Despite that, Simon was still worried. He insisted that Melissa remove her makeup because he suspected that she was covering it up with foundation, causing Melissa to be caught between laughter and tears. 
The two of them, who were nearly fifty years old, flirted with each other, taking Nora by surprise.
For some reason, even though she had felt just a moment ago that her aunt didn’t deserve to be treated like that, in this instant, she suddenly understood that as long as there was love, there was no such thing as whether one deserved to be treated a certain way or not. 
She had always felt that Justin’s identity would bring danger to the children. 
However, she had never once considered whether Cherry would be happier if she reunited with her father and gained her father’s love. 
She suddenly thought of how Cherry had reacted after Justin blocked her on Facebook the day before. Even though she had only complained a little, she was actually still feeling rather down even now. 
Was it a bit too much of her to prevent them from acknowledging each other? 
“That’s enough, the two of you! Do you really think that love can fill your stomachs? Simon, your heart is aching so much just because someone gave your wife a slap, but do you know how much insult and humiliation I had to suffer back then for the sake of Harmonia Pharmacy?” 
Sheena suddenly banged the table, causing the other three people’s attention to return to her. 
Simon clenched his jaw. 
To be honest, he had already realized that his second sister must have been through a lot all these years when he saw how Deputy Dean Lucas had pawed her at the conference the other time. 
Simon felt even guiltier toward Sheena. He said, “It’s been tough on you, Sheena.” 
Sheena’s expression mellowed a little. She replied, “I’m willing to do it for the sake of the family. Simon, do you still remember how glorious the Andersons were when we were young? Even the Hunts and the Smiths had to treat us with courtesy. But what about now?”
She took a deep breath and went on. “They even have the guts to not invite us to a medical conference now! Why is that? It’s all because we don’t have any money! Such a good opportunity has been placed in front of us now, but why isn’t any of you cherishing it?” 
She looked straight at Melissa and said, “I know you’re from a scholarly family. It was indeed unfair for you to marry Siming under those circumstances back then, but Miranda is your sister-in-law. What’s the big deal about letting her hit you? If it means that it’ll allow the Andersons to expand into the real estate industry, I’ll smile and let her hit me a hundred times if that’s what she wants! You guys are really just so… How could you let go of such a great investment opportunity?!” 
Melissa, however, didn’t agree with her. She straightened her back and slowly said, “Sheena, in my opinion, it doesn’t matter how much money we have. It’s fine as long as we have enough. That’s not what we should be relying on to revive the Andersons, either. Rather, it’s our own skills and expertise that we should be using! Why do we have to grovel and submit to others? We mustn’t lose our pride and backbone!” 
Simon nodded. “I agree with Melissa.” 
A furious Sheena stood up abruptly. As though she had expected better from him, she said, “Are you really sure you don’t care about money? Won’t you be jealous when the Sonnets strike gold? Won’t you mind?” 
Both Melissa and Simon replied, “No, I won’t.” 
Sheena took a deep breath and looked at Nora. “Even if you don’t care about money, don’t you care about your reputation?! Nora, how dare you hit your elders and even be so arrogant as to claim that you’re going to help your aunt make money?!
“Do you know that a lot of people have been asking me about you and your marital status after you stole the show at the dance party? But Miranda is now telling everyone about how unbearable, arrogant, and ignorant you are! Originally, quite a few decent families had their eye on you, but now they’ve all disappeared! Do all of you not care about this, either?” 
Melissa wasn’t anxious about her matters, but she couldn’t help but become panic when she heard what she said. However, just as she was about to speak, she heard Nora’s cool and crisp voice. “If they are people who easily believe gossip and rumors that they hear from others, why should I care about them?” 
Sheena, “” 
Melissa added, “Besides, it’s hard to say at the moment whether real estate will still be lucrative or not. Don’t worry, Sheena…” 
Seeing how the three of them were all so calm, Sheena let out an angry bark of laughter. “Is there even anything I should be worried about? It’s not as if I’ll get even a single cent from the Andersons? Also, are you saying that real estate isn’t lucrative? Do you think you’ll make money by giving Nora money to invest in stocks? What nonsense! There’s a limit to how much you can pamper a child! 
“Fine, since none of you want to listen to me, then you can just wait for the Sonnets to strike gold while all of you starve to death at home! It’s because all of you are content to stay like this that the Andersons have become what they are today!” 
She turned and left after saying that. 
— 
Sunlight shone through the windows into the car as the sun gradually rose, causing Tina to become drowsy.
She had already waited here for three hours. Just when she thought that Justin wouldn’t be heading out today, the gates to the villa complex opened and Justin’s impressive motorcade came out. 
Tina’s eyes lit up at once and she stopped in front of them right away.
###Chapter 111: Pete Is A Live-Streamer?
Chapter 111: Pete Is A Live-Streamer? 
Justin had always been very careful whenever he went out, especially when he had Pete with him. 
He had been kidnapped before when he was a child, so he placed great importance on making sure that his son was safe. 
That was also why he had hired home tutors for Pete instead of sending him to school. 
No information about Justin’s son could be found on the Internet at all. There weren’t even photos, let alone his name. 
In fact, not many in New York had even seen Pete before. Justin wanted his son as well-protected as possible before he gained the ability to protect himself. 
For example, he was currently just taking his son out for lunch, but he had brought as many as eight bodyguards with him. 
The eight bodyguards were separated into two cars.. One was in front of them while the other was behind them. 
Tina got out of her car and stopped in front of the cars in her high heels. She said, “Mr. Hunt, I have something to tell you!” 
The door of the middle vehicle’s passenger seat opened, upon which a leg clad in suit trousers came out. Tina breathed a sigh of relief. Just as she thought it was Justin, she instead saw the tanned Lawrence getting out of the car. 
He neatened his suit and walked over. Then, he grabbed Tina by the arm and pulled her out of the way to the side.
Tina shouted at the car, “Mr. Hunt…!” 
However, she only managed to shout two words before the two cars in front started and left. The third car stopped beside Lawrence. 
Lawrence said to Tina, “Mr. Hunt hates people pestering him the most, Ms. York.” 
Tina narrowed her eyes and shook off his arm. She straightened her back and said, “Mr. Zimmer, please relay a message to Mr. Hunt for me. I really have something to talk to him about. It’s about his son, so I have to speak to him in person.” 
Lawrence said mockingly, “Ms. York, what is there that you have to say to Mr. Hunt in person? I’ve seen too many people with ill intentions trying to approach him under the guise of caring for his son. Can’t you put in a little more effort and use a different excuse?” 
At this point, Lawrence pursed his lips and added, “Or you can just tell me and I’ll convey it to Mr. Hunt for you. There isn’t any difference!” 
Tina, whose intentions had been exposed, immediately became furious. However, she knew that it was probably useless even if she insisted on seeing Justin, so she decided to give in. She said, “Mr. Zimmer, I discovered by chance last night that Pete is live-streaming games. Mr. Hunt has always been very strict with Pete. It doesn’t seem quite appropriate for him to do live-streams online, right?” 
Lawrence scoffed and replied, “You sure are doing everything you can to get close to Mr. Hunt, Ms. York! Isn’t the credibility of your claim too low?” 
“It’s impossible that Pete would play games! Moreover, he doesn’t talk much. There’s no way he would live-stream!” 
Seeing that he didn’t believe her, Tina panicked and said, “It’s true. He’s already trending on social media!”
He was trending on social media? 
Lawrence raised his eyebrows and said, “Oh, is that so? Show me, then.” 
Tina, however, narrowed her eyes and said, “This concerns Pete, so I can only show it to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Zimmer. Let Mr. Hunt know about this; once we add each other on Facebook, I’ll send him the information. How does that sound?” 
Lawrence smiled and replied, “Okay, I will let him know.” 
After saying that, he turned, got into the third car, and caught up to the cars at the front. 
When he got into the car, a bodyguard asked, “Is what that woman said true, Mr. Zimmer?” 
Lawrence sneered, “How can that be? Pete is a live-streamer? Are you kidding me?” 
However, the moment he said that, it suddenly occurred to him that he seemed to have said something similar when he was in California the last time? He hadn’t relayed Ms. Smith’s message to Mr. Hunt, which resulted in him being sent to Burundi… 
Lawrence shuddered. 
He hurriedly said, “I’ll check if it’s true.” 
He picked up his cell phone, opened the social media apps, and checked the trending topics. From the first to the last one, he looked through them all, but he didn’t see anything related to Pete. 
Nevertheless, he didn’t dare to risk overlooking anything, so he called Hunt Corporation’s IT security department and asked, “Is the screening system that Mr. Hunt asked for done?”
The IT security department chief replied, “We’ve been working overtime since yesterday on it. I reckon we’ll finish it tonight.” 
“Okay. Send it to me when it’s done.” 
Lawrence hung up. 
As an executive assistant, it was imperative that he learned to filter certain content by himself. 
From now on, all of Ms. Smith’s messages must be relayed to Mr. Hunt. 
But for everyone else, he had to verify the authenticity before relaying them to the boss. 
Otherwise, was he supposed to subject his boss to Tina’s threat and have him add her as a friend on Facebook? He wouldn’t be a qualified executive assistant anymore if that happened! 
By the time the car caught up to the other two cars, Justin and Pete were already in the restaurant. 
Lawrence observed his boss carefully after he entered the private room. 
Justin had had an awful expression on his face since the previous evening. He gave off a chilly aura all over, so no one dared to approach him. As such, Lawrence gave it some thought and decided to conduct a thorough investigation before telling him about it. 
He had no desire to get into the line of fire while the tyrant was in a bad mood. It was hard to say who the unlucky ones would be. 
After lunch, they returned to the villa. Sure enough, when they were turning the corner, they saw in the rearview mirror a few people behaving sneakily. Justin frowned and ordered, “Get rid of those flies.” 
Lawrence replied, “… Yes, sir.”
They had already received news about these people’s presence the moment they arrived at the villa complex. In fact, they already knew the moment they undertook the mission. After all, the security personnel around Justin was the best in the world. 
In order to ensure Pete’s safety, the bodyguards around him were all retired special forces officers! 
Justin had only kept them around in order to lure out the people hidden further behind. After all, apart from his uncle, there were also many others who seemed to be eyeing his boss for reasons that Lawrence didn’t understand. 
Five minutes later. 
Scarface, who had wounds all over him, was brought over to Justin in the living room of his villa. 
Scarface was so aggrieved that he was about to cry. His face was swollen and he had even lost a tooth in the fight. His speech was unclear as he begged for mercy. 
“Mr. Hunt, your female bodyguard has already taught us a lesson. We really don’t have the guts to kidnap your son anymore. We’ve been protecting him all this time! We even drove away three groups of people over the last two days!” 
Justin, “?” 
Taken aback, he asked, “My female bodyguard?” 
“Yes, she was driving a jeep yesterday. The one who’s protecting your son.” 
A jeep… Nora Smith? 
Justin sat up straight. The cold look on his face mellowed a little.
Nora hadn’t given him any birthday gifts the day before, which made him feel as if he had been neglected, so he had been in a bad mood all day. But as it turned out, she did care about him, right? 
Otherwise, why would she quietly teach Scarface a lesson but not tell him anything? 
As expected, she was indeed deeply in love with and devoted to him… Everyone else was dying to let the whole world know whenever they did something for him, yet she didn’t even mention anything about what she did. 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled upward slightly and his mood, which had been gloomy all day, became much better. With a wave, he got his men to take Scarface away. Then, he suddenly thought of Cherry… 
Was it a bad move for him to delete Cherry from his Facebook? In that case, maybe he should add her as a friend again? 
He opened Facebook, intending to unblock her and add her back as a friend with the excuse that he had accidentally deleted her. But he instead saw that…
###Chapter 112: It Really Is Pete!
Chapter 112: It Really Is Pete! 
He tapped on the link to Cherry’s Facebook profile so that he could send her a friend request. 
But when he did that, he unexpectedly saw a message prompt saying: “Sorry, this content isn’t available right now.” 
Justin, “?” 
Did this mean that the little brat had also blocked him? Tsk, she was pretty bad-tempered, huh. 
“Cherry must have become angry.” 
A young voice suddenly rang out beside his ear, startling him. He turned around to see Pete standing behind the sofa and staring at his cell phone. 
Justin let out an awkward cough and tossed the cell phone aside before he said casually, “So be it if she’s angry. She can do whatever she wants.” 
. 
Pete fell silent for a second. Then, he sighed and said, “Daddy, I’d advise you to coax her. Otherwise, you’ll regret it.” 
He would regret it? 
Justin scoffed, “Why would I regret it? Why should I coax someone else’s daughter?” 
Pete asked, “Are you sure?” 
“Yes.”
Seeing how he refused to listen to advice, Pete silently said a prayer for him. 
To be honest, the tyrant was a good father. 
After all, how many fathers who took care of their children themselves were there in the world? 
Cherry liked him quite a lot too. However, the tyrant was insisting on upsetting his soft and cuddly younger sister now. He was really just digging his own grave. 
He would just watch in silence when the tyrant is forced to eat his own words! 
Justin snorted inwardly. 
He indeed wanted a daughter, but she wasn’t going to be the one that Nora had with someone else. 
Instead of pampering her, he might as well pamper Sweetie instead. 
After all, unlike Cherry who was so bad-tempered, she was cute, well-behaved, and obedient. 
With that in mind, Justin suddenly remembered that he had missed Sweetie’s live-stream the day before, and he somehow decided to open the live-stream app on his cell phone. 
Elsewhere, Lawrence was currently checking the web for information about the trending topics that Tina had mentioned. 
He had given it some careful thought. Tina wasn’t stupid; even if she was making up an excuse to approach Justin, she wouldn’t use such a lousy one. 
Perhaps it wasn’t one of today’s trending topics but previous days’ instead? 
Unfortunately, he didn’t use social media apps very much, so he wasn’t very familiar with them. As such, he could only fumble and randomly try to find his way around.
— 
At the Andersons. 
After the moody Cherry was forced to finish her Mathematical Olympiad assignments, the bored little girl started her live-stream ahead of schedule. 
Fans poured in the moment she started the live-stream. At the sight of quite a few familiar names, she greeted them excitedly, “Hi!” 
In the comments, JH wrote: ‘Hello.’ 
As her second-highest ranked fan, he had special privileges. 
His comment was in a larger font size and in bold. His username was also in red text so that it would be easier for live-streamers to notice that their big patrons had entered and interacted with them. 
Usually, the moment Justin entered the live-stream, sweetcherry would immediately greet him and call out sweetly, “Hi Sponsor Daddy!” 
The way she called him Daddy was as if her voice was coated in honey, making him feel sweet all the way to the bottom of his heart. 
However, sweetcherry didn’t greet him today even after quite some time after he wrote the comment. 
Did she miss it? 
Taken aback, Justin wrote another comment: ‘How come you started the live-stream so early today?’ 
Children had screen time limits, and parents usually set it from six to eight o’clock.
But after he sent the comment, he instead heard the little live-streamer’s cute voice saying, “Hi Windy! Yes, I’ve already had lunch, yeah~” 
“GreenKite, I’m only good at playing as this hero. Besides, don’t you think she’s the prettiest and cutest character here?” 
“…” 
Justin couldn’t help but scroll up in the comments. 
Although she had gained a lot more fans, she hadn’t given advanced notice that she would be starting her live-stream early, so there weren’t many people in the live-stream at the moment. 
Windy’s comment was above his: ‘Has Sweetie had lunch yet?’ 
GreenKite’s comment was below his: ‘Do you only know how to play as that hero? What about other heroes?’ 
She had replied to both of their messages but missed out on his? 
Was he having a bad connection, so his comment wasn’t sent? 
Right after the thought formed, he saw more comments: 
‘Did Sweetie fall out with Sponsor Daddy? Why are you ignoring him?’ 
‘Haha! Sponsor Daddy was ignored!’ 
‘Sweetie used to call out to Sponsor Grandpa and Sponsor Daddy all the time, but she is suddenly ignoring Sponsor Daddy today. Why do I feel so good about it?’
‘Wow, I’ve done well today! I’m actually one of the first 100 to enter Sweetie’s live-stream! You can put up a notice in advance next time if you’re starting your live-stream early, Sweetie~’ 
‘What’s the matter, Sweetie? Sponsor Daddy is talking to you. Why are you ignoring him?’ 
… 
Given all the comments, sweetcherry must have noticed him by now. However, the little girl outright ignored all the comments about Sponsor Daddy and only said adorably, “How do I put up a notice if I want to start the live-stream early? I don’t know how to do it~” 
Her young and tender voice had a bit of a coquettish charm when she dragged out her words, causing the hearts of everyone who heard it to melt. 
The live-stream was filled with comments: 
‘Sweetie is so cute!’ 
‘Remember to eat more, Sweetie~’ 
‘How can a child be this cute? I really wanna take Sweetie home!’ 
However, Justin, who was watching the live-stream, instead felt rather hurt. 
She was doing it on purpose. 
There was no doubt about it. 
His expression turned frosty and he suddenly found himself at a loss. 
This was the very first time Justin had ever been ignored in his twenty-odd years of life. After all, he was always the center of attention wherever he went.
He frowned and wrote another comment: ‘Are you in a bad mood today?’ 
The seven big red words stayed on the screen for a very long time before they disappeared. 
Everyone who wasn’t blind saw them, yet it was as if the little girl hadn’t noticed anything and continued to ignore him. 
Everyone started to joke about it even more in the comments. 
Someone even wrote: “It must be because you didn’t tip her today that she’s ignoring you!” 
A tip… 
Justin frowned. 
In his world, money was just a set of numbers that represented transactions. 
If she was refusing to call him Sponsor Daddy just because he hadn’t tipped her, then this would no longer be someone appreciating another person but a transaction. 
He returned to his usual icy-cold attitude. 
At this point, someone commented: ‘Live-streamers should be keeping their patrons happy all the time. What is she being so arrogant here for? If I were you, Sponsor Daddy, I would unfollow her and tip her rival instead!’ 
Her rival? 
It was only then that Justin noticed that there was actually also a face-off section in sweetcherry’s live- stream. 
Meanwhile, Lawrence was still searching through the trending topics on social media.
Unfortunately, trending topics on social media were all in real-time, so he didn’t know where to start at all. 
While he was lost, the IT security department chief sent him an email: ‘The screening system has been completed. Once you upload little Mr. Hunt’s photo, you’ll be able to check whether his information has been leaked onto the Internet.’ 
Lawrence felt relieved at once. 
He hurriedly took out his laptop and downloaded the program. Then, he took a photo of Pete and uploaded it. Soon, the search results appeared. A webpage of trending topics from the day before immediately appeared on the screen. 
Lawrence was stunned. Pete really was live-streaming! On top of that, he was even using some kind of alias called ‘sweetcherry’
###Chapter 113: Sponsor Daddy Is A Tool?
Chapter 113: Sponsor Daddy Is A Tool? 
Lawrence swallowed hard. 
He looked through the content carefully and even specially took a look at the live-stream video featured in the trending post where sweetcherry had dropped her mask… 
Even if one were to say that the photo might be fake, Lawrence was almost 100% certain that the face in the video was indeed Pete’s. 
He looked at Pete incredulously, feeling as if he was going to have a mental breakdown. 
The post had included all of sweetcherry’s classic live-stream moments, such as her adorably asking another player in the game, “Is your entire family so skilled at doing nothing?” 
It also included her calling out “Sponsor Grandpa~” in her young and tender voice. 
The way she added ‘yeah’ to her sentences was also practically brainwashing him. 
Was that adorable and lively child in the live-streams really the merciless and reticent Pete who had mild autism? 
A silent Lawrence walked over to the entrance to the study and peeked inside. 
. 
Pete was still seated and reading seriously in the study. He really couldn’t tell that he had a habit of cross-dressing. Nor could he tell that he was someone who would live-stream… 
No wonder Mr. Hunt felt that Pete was sick. Wasn’t his current self an entirely different person from the one in the live-streams? He definitely had schizophrenia!
Lawrence’s scalding gaze was so fervent that it was hard for Pete to ignore him. 
He looked up and immediately saw a troubled Lawrence looking at him sadly. He said, “This isn’t your fault, Pete. You’re just sick, sigh.” 
Pete, “?” 
An expressionless Pete said, “There are vitamins in Daddy’s room. If your brain lacks nutrients, you can take some to boost your brainpower.” 
Lawrence nodded immediately. “Really? I’ll take two, then… Sigh, so many of my brain cells died just now!” 
Then, he again glanced at Pete regretfully before he left the room. 
Pete, “…” 
Had Uncle Lawrence been influenced by the tyrant? 
He was still so young, yet he had become an idiot. How pitiful. 
Pete shook his head. He lowered his head to return to the book, but his gaze shifted to his cell phone instead. Just now, his younger sister had sent him a text message: “I’ll never love Daddy ever again! He actually blocked me! I’m so sad!” 
When he thought of that, a sympathetic look appeared on Pete’s countenance. 
Compared to Uncle Lawrence, it seemed like the tyrant was more pitiful? Initially, Mommy was the only one who didn’t like him, but even his sister was starting to dislike him now. 
—
A surly-looking Justin stared at the live-stream. 
Were all the children so spoiled these days? First, Cherry blocked him on Facebook and now, Sweetie was ignoring him in the live-stream. 
He was the great CEO of the Hunt Corporation. Was he someone who would care about two little kids who weren’t related to him by blood? 
He snorted inwardly and looked at the face-off screen again. 
The live-streamers’ opponents were randomly selected by the system. Cherry had unfortunately been matched today with a live-streamer who had a million fans. The other party had clearly come prepared, so he already had $150,000 worth of points more than her. 
The people in the comments started to panic. 
‘Quick, Sweetie, do a shout-out to Sponsor Daddy. He just needs to tip you with a round of airplanes and it’ll become a tie!’ 
‘Why isn’t Sponsor Grandpa here today?’ 
‘I know why he isn’t here. Sponsor Grandpa enters the live-stream half an hour earlier every day, but Sweetie started the live-stream three hours early today, so he must not know that Sweetie is live- streaming now!’ 
‘Quick, Sweetie, ask Sponsor Grandpa for help~’ 
… 
The comments made Justin frown.
sweetcherry’s young, tender voice rang out at this point. She said, “No, that won’t do. I can’t ask Sponsor Grandpa for money~!” 
Cherry had always known that she mustn’t ask other people for presents. Sponsor Grandpa was an outsider; to Cherry, the airplane tips that he gave her were just gifts. 
Even though she had Sponsor Grandpa on her Facebook Messenger, there was no way she could go on Messenger and demand gifts from him! 
This was one of Cherry’s basic life principles. 
Besides, this was just a contest. Did it make any difference whether she won or lost? 
She had only joined the contest because she accidentally clicked on it anyway. 
With this thought in mind, Cherry continued to play her game steadily and ignored the comments. 
At the same time, Fantasia also started a live-stream. 
Fantasia was a young woman around 20 years old. Her image was that of a young lady from a wealthy family. She was currently live-streaming herself shopping for luxury goods. 
She sat in a Gucci store’s VIP room as she waited for the service staff to bring her clothes and newly- released bags to choose from. Afternoon tea had also been served to her in the store. The pastry plates had gold borders that made them look exceptionally luxurious. 
She sat on the sofa with an exquisite teacup in her hand. As she sipped on the fruit tea, she said, “The fruit tea here is delicious. It’s very suitable for women…”
While chatting, she suddenly saw someone commenting: ‘sweetcherry is in a face-off with Ika right now. Do you think she can win this one?’ 
Fantasia burst into laughter and said, “Ika is a famous rich second-generation heir in the gaming channels. I’m acquaintances with him and we’ve met at several parties before. He won’t lose even if his opponent is a big-name live-streamer with ten million fans. He’ll definitely be one of the top ten live- streamers. Let me see how the live-stream is going…” 
As Fantasia spoke, she picked up a cell phone that she wasn’t using for live-streaming and entered sweetcherry and Ika’s live-stream face-off. When she saw the number of points they had, she smiled and said, “Is there even a need for them to compete anymore? sweetcherry’s fans are very smart though. Fighting with Ika will only result in both parties suffering losses. In that case, it’s better to just give up right from the start.” 
Someone asked: ‘What do you mean?’ 
Fantasia laughed and said, “Didn’t you notice that sweetcherry’s No. 1 and No. 2 fans aren’t doing anything today? Oh come on, surely you guys aren’t still thinking that those two are really patrons?” 
Someone asked: “Aren’t they? But they are really very generous!” 
Fantasia’s lip corners curled upward and she drawled, “Here, I’ll teach you guys a way to distinguish between real and fake patrons. Real patrons usually follow quite a few live-streamers and also tip a few different live-streamers. Let’s take a look at sweetcherry’s No. 1 and No. 2 fans’ profiles. Tsk, what a coincidence. They are both new accounts registered right before and after sweetcherry started doing live-streams. That’s fine and all, but both of them have only tipped sweetcherry before. Now, that’s interesting.” 
In the comments:
‘I get it now! Her No. 1 and No. 2 fans are both tools! No wonder sweetcherry became so popular immediately after she started live-streaming. So that’s what it is!’ 
‘So Sponsor Grandpa and Sponsor Daddy are all just her hyping up herself~ I gotta say that management companies really know what they’re doing these days!’ 
‘I just wanna know whether the one playing the game now is still that five-year-old cutie or not?’ 
The group of them who had been led around by their noses by Fantasia swarmed into sweetcherry’s live- stream and started to lambast her. 
‘Sweetie? It’s nothing but just a fake image! How gross!’ 
‘Hahaha, are you retreating just because you’re up against Ika? Do you have too much self-awareness or what? Your No. 1 and No. 2 fans are just tools! The former doesn’t dare to show up while the latter pretends to fall out with you after he shows up… Tsk, you’re real smooth, huh!’ 
At the Hunts’ villa, Lawrence walked over and saw that his boss was staring at his cell phone with a frown.
###Chapter 114: He Actually Has a Daughter!!
Chapter 114: He Actually Has a Daughter!! 
Justin stared at the screen coldly. 
He, a true blue patron, had actually become a tool in their eyes? On top of that, they were even making claims about a management company? 
Hah. 
What a huge joke. 
They were just a bunch of naive kids on the Internet. They sure jumped to a lot of conclusions when all they had was insignificant evidence, and easily believed everything that others said. The comments section was in total chaos now. 
He picked up his cell phone. He was about to say something and defend sweetcherry when she said, “Sponsor Grandpa isn’t a tool. Don’t you spout nonsense. Otherwise, I’m gonna get mad!” 
. 
Justin, “?” 
She had only mentioned Sponsor Grandpa but not Sponsor Daddy… 
Justin had always thought of himself as a tolerant person ever since he was a child. His upbringing had never allowed him to lose his temper in front of outsiders, either. Moreover, apart from Pete, no one had been able to really anger him all these years. 
But he actually felt a little hurt at this moment.
That little live-streamer! She was too much! 
To think he was always thinking about her and even occasionally came in to watch her live-streams. This was also the first time he had tipped anyone like that in his life… 
Justin made up his mind—he was going to unfollow her! 
He was about to leave the live-stream when he saw someone asking in the comments: 
‘Is Sponsor Daddy a tool, then?’ 
sweetcherry fell silent for a while. Then, she replied unhappily, “No, he isn’t. Sponsor Daddy is even less likely to be a tool!” 
Seeing that she was finally talking about Sponsor Daddy after so long, all the motherly fans began to express their concern for her. 
‘Sweetie baby, did you argue with Sponsor Daddy? What’s wrong?’ 
‘Sweetie cutie, did someone make you upset?’ 
The comments were also interspersed with attacks from haters. 
‘Hah, how is he not? He hasn’t shown you a single cent of support or given you any tip today. Doesn’t that show that you’ve automatically given up on the face-off today?’ 
sweetcherry ignored the haters and said unhappily to the people who truly cared about her, “Because I hate Daddy!” 
The motherly fans: ‘Do you hate Sponsor Daddy? Or your real Daddy?’ 
sweetcherry replied, “They’re all the same!”
The fans, “” 
Justin, “” 
So, the little fellow was just venting her anger on him because her real father had upset her? 
Suddenly, his heart softened a little. 
Justin coughed and wrote: ‘What did your father do?’ 
As her other fans were also asking the same question, sweetcherry answered, “Daddy is horrible. He ignored me~ I will never talk to stinky Daddy ever again!” 
The comments were filled with fans scolding her father. 
‘Your father is so horrible. It’s bad enough that he doesn’t want you and your Mommy, but he’s even ignoring you now?’ 
‘Sue him. He is obligated to raise you. What gives him the right to ignore our cute and innocent Sweetie?’ 
‘He’s too much! What a scumbag!’ 
… 
Justin, “…” 
For some reason, he suddenly thought of Cherry and felt a little guilty. 
But right after, he found the thought ridiculous. What was he guilty about? He wasn’t Cherry’s father anyway…
As a man though, how could he not take care of his own child? 
Justin looked down and wrote: ‘Your father is such a scumbag!’ 
The words in big and bold font appeared in the comments and even stayed there for several seconds… 
Cherry felt much better. 
Having Daddy scold himself was also a way of punishing him, right? 
She was still thinking about it when another bunch of haters poured into her live-stream. 
‘This is so disgusting. I’ve finally seen what a bully looks like. Why didn’t you give up yesterday when you were up against our favorite live-streamer? Aren’t you just giving up today because Ika is a rich second-generation heir, so it’s not easy for you to bully him?’ 
‘She’s just an image that a management company is selling. What are all of you being so worked up for her for?’ 
‘The No. 1 and No. 2 fans are too fake. Both of them must be the management company’s accounts.’ 
‘I’m seriously dubious about whether the one playing the game is really a young kid? Everyone only saw her holding a cell phone when she revealed her face the other time. No one saw her actually playing it, right?’ 
‘She must be hiding something for her to refuse to turn on the camera all the time.’ 
‘Don’t you think that the No. 1 fan is very ridiculous? How can he not keep a close watch on the live- streamer’s activities during such a critical moment? It’s already been half an hour since the live-stream started, yet he still isn’t here… He probably isn’t coming today, right?’
Cherry didn’t care about them scolding her, but the one they were scolding was Sponsor Grandpa? She wasn’t going to take it lying down! 
She was about to let her mouth run wild and slam all of the haters when someone suddenly wrote: ‘Quick, Sweetie, take a look at Fantasia’s live-stream. She’s calling you an unlearned little country bumpkin.’ 
Cherry, “?” 
The five-year-old was totally confused by everything that was happening. 
As for the comments, they were filled with things such as: 
‘sweetcherry is a fake princess! Fantasia is the true princess!’ 
‘Fantasia is online and personally proving someone’s bitchiness now!’ 
‘There’s a very simple way to prove yourself—either turn on the camera and show us where you live or let your No. 1 and No. 2 fans come forward and compete with Ika. Here, I’ll tell you a secret: Ika has prepared $800,000 for this!’ 
‘Exactly. You say that Sponsor Grandpa isn’t here because he has something on, but your Sponsor Daddy is obviously online. Why don’t you get Sponsor Daddy to tip you, then?’ 
Seeing how the haters’ comments were getting meaner and meaner, the motherly fans panicked. Tips swarmed into Cherry’s live-stream one by one. 
Unfortunately, they were still too weak. Just as they narrowed the gap by $15,000, Ika received another tip of $150,000. The gap was pulled bigger and bigger. 
Everyone felt rather helpless.
Someone wrote: ‘Sponsor Daddy, can’t you help Sweetie out?’ 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled upward and he replied: ‘I’ll help you if you ask me to.’ 
The moment he sent the comment, Sweetie said, “No, I won’t.” 
She would never give in to stinky Daddy! 
Justin, “” 
Whose stubborn little brat was she?! 
So be it if she refused to give in. In that case, he couldn’t be bothered to tip her, either. It wasn’t like he was crazy or masochistic; he just wasn’t going to demean himself! 
In the comments, the motherly fans were trying to appease him: ‘Don’t hold it against a child, Sponsor Daddy.’ 
Justin sneered and wrote: ‘It’s not like I’m her father anyway.’ 
So why should he baby her? 
Justin left the live-stream in a fit of anger. 
When he turned, he saw Lawrence looking at him carefully. He asked, “Are you in a good mood now, Boss?” 
Justin frowned and replied, “Just come right out and say it if you have something to say.” 
Lawrence heaved a silent sigh and said, “We discovered that Pete is live-streaming himself playing games.”
Pete was live-streaming? 
Justin sneered, “Are you still asleep?” 
Pete was with him every day. He even knew like the back of his hand what time he woke up and what time he ate. How could he possibly be live-streaming? 
Lawrence hurriedly explained, “It’s true. His alias is sweetcherry and he live-streams himself playing games for two hours every day…” 
Justin was stunned at once. “What did you say?” 
Lawrence took out his cell phone and showed him the trending topics about sweetcherry. Seeing how shocked and puzzled he looked, Lawrence said, “Don’t be mad, Mr. Hunt. Children are all rebellious by nature…” 
But before he finished, Justin stood up abruptly and went straight to Pete’s study! 
Lawrence followed closely after him. “Boss, don’t be angry…” 
As soon as he said that, he saw that Pete was currently studying. Meanwhile, Justin reentered sweetcherry’s live-stream. 
Lawrence was stunned. Wasn’t sweetcherry, Pete? Who was that? 
Then, he saw his boss suddenly using his cell phone to hack into the live-stream app. Right after, sweetcherry’s camera suddenly turned on in the live-stream! 
###Chapter 115: Cherry, You’ve Exposed Yourself
Chapter 115: Cherry, You’ve Exposed Yourself 
The whole villa suddenly fell silent. Only sweetcherry’s young and tender voice in the live-stream could be heard saying, “Don’t give me any more gifts, guys~ It’s too wasteful!” 
The comments were filled with things such as: 
‘Poor Sweetie. Fight, Sweetie! You have Mom’s support!’ 
‘Sob! Why did Sponsor Daddy leave? He’s horrible!’ 
‘It’s okay, Sweetie. Sponsor Daddy may have left, but we’re still here. I’ll top-up another $150.’ 
‘We mustn’t lose…’ 
Cherry had noticed the moment Justin left the live-stream. She was so sad that her eyes were all red and tears were brimming in them. Her little mouth was also turned up into a pout. As she was in the midst of a team battle, she wasn’t looking at the computer screen.. Her head was lowered, making her eyelashes look like fans casting silhouettes on her cheeks. 
She muttered angrily, “Stinky Daddy. I won’t like you ever again…” 
Justin, who was staring at the screen, didn’t even dare to blink. 
That face, as well that young and tender voice, made him tense up all over. He couldn’t help but hold his breath, seemingly afraid that the little girl on the phone would sense something. 
He was utterly shocked and stunned. 
Apart from having a stinky son, he, Justin Hunt, also had… a daughter!
The realization made his mind go blank. However, his eyes that were fixed on the phone reddened a little and the corners of his lips curled up with excitement. 
A completely stunned Lawrence looked at him. 
He stared at the phone, then looked up and glanced at Pete. Even after comparing the two several times, he couldn’t help but rub his eyes in disbelief. Toward the end, he still found the whole thing unbelievable. “M-Mr. Hunt, how can two children in the world resemble each other so much?” 
‘Resemble’? This was no ‘resemblance’; they were practically identical! 
Apart from twins, there was probably no one who could produce two children who looked so much like each other. 
A confused Pete looked up in a daze to see the tyrant looking as though he wanted to both laugh and cry, whereas Lawrence looked shocked and horrified. 
The two men stood at the door, occasionally looking at him and occasionally at the cell phone… 
He could also hear audio from the game that Cherry played coming from the cell phone… 
Pete was terribly alarmed. Had they discovered Cherry? 
He hurriedly climbed down from the chair and trotted over to the two men. Then, he tiptoed and looked at Justin’s phone… 
Sure enough, it really was Cherry! 
Pete’s eyes widened big and round. What are they supposed to do about this now? 
Going by how aggressive the tyrant was, he would definitely take Cherry away from Mommy and never allow them to ever see Mommy again.
From then on, he and his younger sister would be locked in a prison known as the Hunts and separated from Mommy… 
The more Pete thought about it, the more nervous he became. 
Previously, the tyrant had never noticed the peculiarities in his or his sister’s behavior only because he didn’t know that he had a daughter, but he did now… 
He took a deep breath, hurriedly picked up his cell phone, and sent Cherry a text message: ‘Cherry, you’ve been exposed!’ 
At the Andersons. 
Cherry was playing games on her cell phone when a notification suddenly popped up. 
Upon reading the message, she raised her head in surprise and found that the camera of the computer in front of her had actually turned on at some point! 
Cherry received a huge shock and quickly turned off the camera. Only then did she breathe a huge sigh of relief. 
Everyone in the comments was already exclaiming in amazement! 
‘Oh my gosh, how can there be such a cute child in this world?’ 
‘Ahhh!! I was watching Sweetie’s actions closely just now, and she’s really the one playing! The distance that her fingers slid across the screen is exactly the same as in the game!’ 
‘Her eyelashes are so long! I’m in love!’
‘This isn’t a child! She’s clearly an angel! Isn’t she too cute? She’ll definitely be a stunner when she grows up! The kind that’ll easily trash those in the entertainment industry!’ 
Amid the many comments complimenting her good looks were also frequent notifications of people tipping her. 
‘Don’t be scared, Sweetie! Your Mommies are here!’ 
‘Let’s do this! After seeing how cute Sweetie is, I really can’t bear to see her lose!’ 
‘Let’s work hard together!’ 
The fans surprisingly came together as a united front in the comments. 
In Fantasia’s live-stream. 
Fantasia had just live-streamed herself trying on a couple of outfits, but she didn’t like either of them. She complained, “Sigh, I didn’t manage to find any clothes I like this time either, but I’ll just buy a couple of bags anyway. I can’t let myself make this trip in vain… It isn’t nice if I don’t let the service staff earn a little after they spent so much time and effort, either.” 
She sat on the sofa and got the service staff to fetch the bags. 
It was at this point that certain comments started appearing in her live-stream: 
‘sweetcherry is really stunning!’ 
‘It’s a shame if she doesn’t debut in the entertainment industry, given how pretty she is… No wonder she’s gained nearly a million followers in less than a month.’
Fantasia had always been hailed as a classy beauty because of her self-confidence that stemmed from her coming from a wealthy background. She became a little unhappy when she saw people in her live- stream complimenting someone else. 
She picked up her cell phone. After looking carefully at what was happening for a while, she scoffed and said, “She’s obviously just changing the topic~ Look at how many tips she received after she turned on the camera. She’s stooping so low.’ 
She rested her cheeks on her hands and said with a smile, “Didn’t she claim that she’s from a wealthy family with 75 million dollars? Why is she gathering fans here for just a few measly tens of thousands of dollars?” 
She shook her head and went on. “sweetcherry has actually made a wrong move. It’s not wrong of the management company to create an image for her; she’s so cute, she could’ve totally gone for the adorable baby style instead. A five-year-old playing games is already a highlight in itself, but they were too greedy and tried to take everything they can instead…” 
Her loyal fans immediately started to pay her lip service in the comments: 
‘Exactly. Is the image of a wealthy person something that ordinary people can go for? What a joke.’ 
‘Everyone’s going for a luxurious image these days. Apart from Fantasia, I haven’t seen anyone who can really pull it off…’ 
‘Fantasia’s self-confidence is in her DNA. There’s no way anyone can develop a charm like that without money. Sweetie is so ridiculous. She keeps telling people not to tip her anymore, but what is she live- streaming for, if not for tips? She’s so fake!’ 
‘Hahaha, her No. 2 fan is really ridiculous too. He left the live-stream so openly after pretending to fall out with her. This way, no one can say anything about it!’
Fantasia smiled again after reading the comments. She said, “You’re right. Her opponent today is Ika, who’s a well-known young man from a wealthy family, so she started her live-stream ahead of time today. This way, she can say that her No. 1 fan didn’t come because she started her live-stream early. As for her No. 2 fan, they also supposedly fell out. What a coincidence, huh? Her management company is really smart though. With this, she’ll probably trend again…” 
At practically the same time she said that, the comments suddenly went crazy. 
Fantasia calmly took a look: 
‘Quick, go and look at sweetcherry’s live-stream!’ 
‘Oh my gosh! I can’t breathe!’
###Chapter 116: Saving The Damsel In Distress!
Chapter 116: Saving The Damsel In Distress! 
Fantasia was taken aback. She asked, “What’s the matter?” 
In the comments: 
‘I actually witnessed a 1.5 million dollar transaction while I’m alive!’ 
‘If this doesn’t prove that she’s from a wealthy family…’ 
‘A big boss has appeared!’ 
Fantasia’s eyes widened in shock. She didn’t have the luxury of paying attention to the fact that she was still in the midst of a live-stream anymore, and entered sweetcherry’s live-stream on her cell phone right away. 
As soon as she did, a swarm of tip notifications bombarded the comments, and virtual gift visual effects filled the entire screen. 
— 
At the Hunts’ villa. 
. 
Justin was still standing at the door to Pete’s study. 
Pete had been observing him after he sent the text message to Cherry. 
The tyrant was staring at the live-stream with a sinister and unpredictable look on his face. Even Pete couldn’t quite tell what he was thinking at this instant.
Going by his harsh and domineering character, Pete had imagined that he would definitely take her away forcefully once he knew that he had a daughter. 
So, why was the tyrant standing motionless here and looking a little as if he was caught in an internal struggle? 
The clever Pete entered the live-stream and scrolled upward through the comments. In no time, he got a clear picture of the dispute between the tyrant and Cherry. 
Pete: “…” 
He found himself rather speechless. 
What was the matter with the tyrant? 
Why was a man in his twenties arguing with a five-year-old? 
In particular, was the big and bold ‘Your father is such a scumbag’ really something that the tyrant had said? 
Why did it feel so weird?! 
Justin was also feeling extremely embarrassed after he got over his shock, when he thought of what he had said. 
He’d always had the illusion that he had a daughter whenever Pete turned into a little princess. Whenever he thought of himself having a daughter, the cold-hearted man’s heart would inexplicably soften. 
Besides, sweetcherry was so cute. She was someone who really existed and not just the familiar feeling and longing he felt whenever his son had a relapse.
This was why he had been jealous for some reason when sweetcherry said that her father was ignoring her. 
How could someone who had a daughter not cherish her? 
That was why his brain had short-circuited for a moment, causing him to say something as childish as ‘Your father is such a scumbag’! 
At that time, he had thought that no one on the Internet knew who he was anyway… 
But now! 
His expression changed again and again. He lowered his dark eyes and cast a dispassionate glance at Pete, his gaze subtly sweeping across his cell phone. 
Lawrence was still fussing next to him. He exclaimed, “What exactly is going on, Boss?” 
Justin’s thin lips parted and he replied icily, “This is my daughter!” 
Lawrence, “!” 
Pete, “!” 
It was all over! The tyrant sounded so sure of himself; he must have already discovered Cherry. While he was thinking about what he should do, the tyrant ordered, “Investigate immediately. Find her, even if you must search high and low for her!” 
Lawrence stood up straight and replied, “Yes, sir!” 
When he turned to leave, Justin suddenly added, “Do it in secret.” 
Lawrence nodded.
Pete, “…” 
His lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. Daddy was so stupid! It was already so obvious. Not only had he and Cherry switched identities with each other in California, but Mommy’s intentions had also been so obvious after they came to New York. He hadn’t figured it out or understood what was going on previously only because he didn’t know that he had a daughter. That was why he hadn’t thought of it at all. 
But now that he knew, did he even still need to investigate? 
Wasn’t it obvious where his younger sister was? 
With that in mind, Pete, whose lip corners were spasming, asked, “Daddy, do you really have an IQ of 301?” 
Justin, “…” 
He looked down at Pete with a deep, dark, and bottomless look in his eyes. The beauty mark at the corner of his eye was also flashing with a sharp look. He asked, “Why? Have you seen your sister before?” 
Pete replied, “… No.” 
Since the tyrant hadn’t realized anything, then all the better it was. They absolutely mustn’t betray Mommy! 
Justin didn’t seem to be suspicious of his answer. His gaze merely returned to the live-stream with a frown.
Pete had seen the comments in the live-stream just now, so he knew that Cherry was currently at a disadvantage in the face-off match. As someone with a sister complex, this was absolutely unforgivable! 
He paused for a moment and suddenly said, “Daddy, you’ll be a hero saving a damsel in distress if you send my sister virtual gifts and help her win the match. It’ll definitely help to defuse the situation with her!” 
Justin, who was topping up his account, paused his finger movements for a moment. Then, he coughed and said coldly, “Our relationship doesn’t need any defusing. But now that I know she’s my daughter, how can I let a child of the Hunts lose?” 
Pete, “…” 
He obviously cared about Cherry, yet he just had to make it sound so laudable instead. 
He sighed silently and lowered his head again to look at the live-stream. Suddenly, he found himself stunned and he immediately called out, “Uh, Daddy?” 
Justin, who had just finished topping up his account, was about to save his daughter in her moment of distress when an overwhelming amount of virtual gifts suddenly filled up the screen! 
Elsewhere, Cherry’s little heart was pounding madly after she turned off the camera. She didn’t understand why the camera had suddenly turned on—had she accidentally pressed something? 
While she was wondering about it, she suddenly saw a huge amount of virtual gifts coming in. 
Rows and rows of airplane icons drowned out everything in the comments, taking over the entire screen bossily and domineeringly! 
Cherry was stunned. She scrolled up to the beginning of the virtual gifts barrage to see that it was actually Sponsor Grandpa! 
There were ten sets of 9,999 airplanes, which made it a total of 1.5 million dollars!
It was only after the airplanes’ visual effects disappeared that he finally wrote: ‘How come you started the live-stream in advance?’ 
Touched, Cherry felt that Sponsor Grandpa looked so tall and dashing at this moment. It was as if he was shining with a dazzling light. 
Although she didn’t care about the face-off results, when she saw so many fans supporting her, she did still want to win. However, Ika had a whole $300,000 worth of tips more than her. Mommy would definitely know if she spent $300,000 of her pocket money. 
She was already prepared to lose, but Grandpa had unexpectedly come! 
Cherry’s eyes shone brightly. She smiled and said sweetly, “Thank you, Sponsor Grandpa!” 
Grandpa replied: ‘Talk to me on Messenger the next time someone bullies you. I’ll come to you immediately.’ 
Cherry said, “Okay! Are you feeling better today, Grandpa? Did you have any meat for lunch today? …” 
… 
Justin had an icy-cold look on his face. He gave off a chilly aura all over as if he were dry ice. 
It was too late… He was actually a step too late! 
He had missed a crucial opportunity to restore his image in his daughter’s heart. 
Justin stared at Grandpa’s name. If looks could kill, there would probably already be holes in the cell phone! 
Next to him, Pete was speechless.
Someone pushed the door open at this moment. Chester the dimwit entered the room. As soon as he did, he said anxiously, “Can I borrow 1.5 million dollars, Justin? My boss sweetcherry is being bullied really badly in her live-stream. I have to help her out!” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly narrowed when he heard what he said, and he asked dangerously, “You’re friends with sweetcherry?” 
Chapter 116: Saving The Damsel In Distress! 
Fantasia was taken aback. She asked, “What’s the matter?” 
In the comments: 
‘I actually witnessed a 1.5 million dollar transaction while I’m alive!’ 
‘If this doesn’t prove that she’s from a wealthy family…’ 
‘A big boss has appeared!’ 
Fantasia’s eyes widened in shock. She didn’t have the luxury of paying attention to the fact that she was still in the midst of a live-stream anymore, and entered sweetcherry’s live-stream on her cell phone right away. 
As soon as she did, a swarm of tip notifications bombarded the comments, and virtual gift visual effects filled the entire screen. 
— 
At the Hunts’ villa. 
.
Justin was still standing at the door to Pete’s study. 
Pete had been observing him after he sent the text message to Cherry. 
The tyrant was staring at the live-stream with a sinister and unpredictable look on his face. Even Pete couldn’t quite tell what he was thinking at this instant. 
Going by his harsh and domineering character, Pete had imagined that he would definitely take her away forcefully once he knew that he had a daughter. 
So, why was the tyrant standing motionless here and looking a little as if he was caught in an internal struggle? 
The clever Pete entered the live-stream and scrolled upward through the comments. In no time, he got a clear picture of the dispute between the tyrant and Cherry. 
Pete: “…” 
He found himself rather speechless. 
What was the matter with the tyrant? 
Why was a man in his twenties arguing with a five-year-old? 
In particular, was the big and bold ‘Your father is such a scumbag’ really something that the tyrant had said? 
Why did it feel so weird?! 
Justin was also feeling extremely embarrassed after he got over his shock, when he thought of what he had said.
He’d always had the illusion that he had a daughter whenever Pete turned into a little princess. Whenever he thought of himself having a daughter, the cold-hearted man’s heart would inexplicably soften. 
Besides, sweetcherry was so cute. She was someone who really existed and not just the familiar feeling and longing he felt whenever his son had a relapse. 
This was why he had been jealous for some reason when sweetcherry said that her father was ignoring her. 
How could someone who had a daughter not cherish her? 
That was why his brain had short-circuited for a moment, causing him to say something as childish as ‘Your father is such a scumbag’! 
At that time, he had thought that no one on the Internet knew who he was anyway… 
But now! 
His expression changed again and again. He lowered his dark eyes and cast a dispassionate glance at Pete, his gaze subtly sweeping across his cell phone. 
Lawrence was still fussing next to him. He exclaimed, “What exactly is going on, Boss?” 
Justin’s thin lips parted and he replied icily, “This is my daughter!” 
Lawrence, “!” 
Pete, “!”
It was all over! The tyrant sounded so sure of himself; he must have already discovered Cherry. While he was thinking about what he should do, the tyrant ordered, “Investigate immediately. Find her, even if you must search high and low for her!” 
Lawrence stood up straight and replied, “Yes, sir!” 
When he turned to leave, Justin suddenly added, “Do it in secret.” 
Lawrence nodded. 
Pete, “…” 
His lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. Daddy was so stupid! It was already so obvious. Not only had he and Cherry switched identities with each other in California, but Mommy’s intentions had also been so obvious after they came to New York. He hadn’t figured it out or understood what was going on previously only because he didn’t know that he had a daughter. That was why he hadn’t thought of it at all. 
But now that he knew, did he even still need to investigate? 
Wasn’t it obvious where his younger sister was? 
With that in mind, Pete, whose lip corners were spasming, asked, “Daddy, do you really have an IQ of 301?” 
Justin, “…” 
He looked down at Pete with a deep, dark, and bottomless look in his eyes. The beauty mark at the corner of his eye was also flashing with a sharp look. He asked, “Why? Have you seen your sister before?”
Pete replied, “… No.” 
Since the tyrant hadn’t realized anything, then all the better it was. They absolutely mustn’t betray Mommy! 
Justin didn’t seem to be suspicious of his answer. His gaze merely returned to the live-stream with a frown. 
Pete had seen the comments in the live-stream just now, so he knew that Cherry was currently at a disadvantage in the face-off match. As someone with a sister complex, this was absolutely unforgivable! 
He paused for a moment and suddenly said, “Daddy, you’ll be a hero saving a damsel in distress if you send my sister virtual gifts and help her win the match. It’ll definitely help to defuse the situation with her!” 
Justin, who was topping up his account, paused his finger movements for a moment. Then, he coughed and said coldly, “Our relationship doesn’t need any defusing. But now that I know she’s my daughter, how can I let a child of the Hunts lose?” 
Pete, “…” 
He obviously cared about Cherry, yet he just had to make it sound so laudable instead. 
He sighed silently and lowered his head again to look at the live-stream. Suddenly, he found himself stunned and he immediately called out, “Uh, Daddy?” 
Justin, who had just finished topping up his account, was about to save his daughter in her moment of distress when an overwhelming amount of virtual gifts suddenly filled up the screen! 
Elsewhere, Cherry’s little heart was pounding madly after she turned off the camera. She didn’t understand why the camera had suddenly turned on—had she accidentally pressed something? 
While she was wondering about it, she suddenly saw a huge amount of virtual gifts coming in.
Rows and rows of airplane icons drowned out everything in the comments, taking over the entire screen bossily and domineeringly! 
Cherry was stunned. She scrolled up to the beginning of the virtual gifts barrage to see that it was actually Sponsor Grandpa! 
There were ten sets of 9,999 airplanes, which made it a total of 1.5 million dollars! 
It was only after the airplanes’ visual effects disappeared that he finally wrote: ‘How come you started the live-stream in advance?’ 
Touched, Cherry felt that Sponsor Grandpa looked so tall and dashing at this moment. It was as if he was shining with a dazzling light. 
Although she didn’t care about the face-off results, when she saw so many fans supporting her, she did still want to win. However, Ika had a whole $300,000 worth of tips more than her. Mommy would definitely know if she spent $300,000 of her pocket money. 
She was already prepared to lose, but Grandpa had unexpectedly come! 
Cherry’s eyes shone brightly. She smiled and said sweetly, “Thank you, Sponsor Grandpa!” 
Grandpa replied: ‘Talk to me on Messenger the next time someone bullies you. I’ll come to you immediately.’ 
Cherry said, “Okay! Are you feeling better today, Grandpa? Did you have any meat for lunch today? …” 
… 
Justin had an icy-cold look on his face. He gave off a chilly aura all over as if he were dry ice. 
It was too late… He was actually a step too late!
He had missed a crucial opportunity to restore his image in his daughter’s heart. 
Justin stared at Grandpa’s name. If looks could kill, there would probably already be holes in the cell phone! 
Next to him, Pete was speechless. 
Someone pushed the door open at this moment. Chester the dimwit entered the room. As soon as he did, he said anxiously, “Can I borrow 1.5 million dollars, Justin? My boss sweetcherry is being bullied really badly in her live-stream. I have to help her out!” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly narrowed when he heard what he said, and he asked dangerously, “You’re friends with sweetcherry?”
###Chapter 117: Bossy CEO In Da Room, Yo~
Chapter 117: Bossy CEO In Da Room, Yo~ 
Chester had already received the news when Cherry started her live-stream and immediately got terribly outclassed by her opponent. 
Alas, he didn’t have any money in his bank account, so he had to drive over to Justin’s to ask him for money. As a result, he wasn’t aware of what had happened after that in the live-stream. 
At Justin’s question, he immediately nodded and replied, “Yeah! sweetcherry is my boss. We often play games together.” 
The look in Justin’s eyes darkened. “Have you ever seen her in person?” 
Chester quickly answered, “N-no…” 
Pete, “…” 
Uncle Chester, you’d probably have been more convincing if you didn’t avoid looking the tyrant in the eye, or fidget so much like coughing and scratching your head! 
He raised his head and silently looked at the tyrant again. However, Justin seemed to believe what he said and didn’t press him for any information.. He walked past him and said, “She doesn’t need it anymore.” 
Chester: “?” 
He turned on his cell phone. It was then that he discovered that sweetcherry had given her opponent a crushing defeat.
Although Ika was a rich second-generation heir, there was no way he could beat true blue top-notch rich second-generation heirs like Chester. Even Chester’s pocket money didn’t exceed 1.5 million dollars, let alone Ika’s? 
Therefore, Ika had given up the fight straightaway. He even joked in his live-stream, “Sigh, my family only has 15 million dollars, so we’re not as rich as Sweetie’s family who has 75 million dollars. I’ve lost…” 
However, his refreshingly straightforward attitude also attracted many fans. Cherry’s motherly fans, in particular, praised Ika for his gracious attitude. 
After that, they stormed over to Fantasia’s live-stream and demanded an apology! 
Fantasia had immediately backed down the moment she entered sweetcherry’s live-stream and saw the 1.5 million dollars tip. She merely sneered and said, “1.5 million dollars isn’t really a big deal, to be honest~” 
The comments were full of sweetcherry’s motherly fans clamoring: 
‘It’s not a big deal? Then why don’t you buy something worth 1.5 million dollars and show us? Or tip yourself 1.5 million dollars?’ 
‘Please apologize to Sweetie!’ 
‘I finally understand now. Some people are going for the wealthy family image, so they were lambasting Sweetie’s image just because their images overlapped.’ 
‘Tsk, tsk. Fantasia live-streams every day saying that she’s shopping for luxury goods, but she doesn’t actually buy much each time. Take today’s live-stream for example—we said that the third outfit looks good on her, so she asked about the price. But when she heard that it costs $15,000, she didn’t buy it. Also, the bags that she buys cost only a few thousand dollars each. Of course, they aren’t things that we can afford either, but do real wealthy people buy only bags? Besides, the outfit that she’s currently
wearing looks like it’s from a fast-fashion brand emulating high fashion. In comparison, doesn’t Fantasia look more like a fake princess?’ 
‘Apologize, you fake princess!’ 
‘Yeah! Apologize!’ 
Amid all the voices persecuting her, Fantasia’s eyes reddened and she said fragilely, “Aren’t sweetcherry’s fans a little too malicious? Are they all so brainless?” 
Everyone was utterly bewildered. 
In the comments: 
‘What the f*ck! This is infuriating. Why didn’t you say that when your fans came over to insinuate nasty things about sweetcherry just now?’ 
‘You’re mistaken. They weren’t insinuating things but outright calling her names, okay?’ 
‘This is a classic case of double standards!’ 
‘Apologize!’ 
Fantasia sighed and said, “To be honest, it is not uncommon for management companies to spend 1.5 million dollars to make someone popular. Besides, there are also dividends to be had from virtual gifts. This means that the management company has only spent $800,000…” 
Seeing how unrepentant she was, everyone was furious. 
Chester also cursed and said, “How dare that bitch bully my boss! She must be tired of living! See if I don’t… if I don’t cry and ask Justin to teach her a lesson!” 
Pete said, “… Very impressive, Uncle Chester.” 
Chester gave him an embarrassed smile. Then, as if he was asking for praise, he said, “Did you see that just now, Pete? I stubbornly insisted that I’ve never met sweetcherry before even when Justin was pressing me just now. You have to tell Cherry that. I managed to get into the local server’s top ten players, but level and resource grinding is really too hard. Without a good gunner, it’s almost impossible to get into the top three! Can you ask Cherry when she’s free to carry me for a couple of rounds?” 
Pete’s lip corners spasmed as he asked, “Uncle Chester, are you sure he was pressing you for information just now?” 
Chester waved dismissively and replied, “I get scared the moment Justin glares at me, so I end up coming clean about everything. This is the only thing that I’ve managed to maintain complete secrecy about. My loyalty to Cherry is absolute! I’ve never harbored any thoughts of betrayal!” 
Almost immediately after he said that, Justin suddenly walked out and looked at Chester sinisterly. He said, “I recall you saying back then that I can also have a daughter? Where is my daughter?” 
Chester, “?” 
He watched Pete cast him a look of disdain that said “This is what you meant when you said that you’ve never harbored any thoughts of betrayal?”. 
Chester wiped the non-existent cold sweat off his forehead and said, “J-Justin, I… I was just making it up…” 
Pete heaved a silent sigh.
It was all over. 
If the tyrant asked even just one more question, his uncle would definitely betray their revolutionary friendship and give in to the tyrant. Or so he thought, because Justin actually seemed to believe him and merely uttered a dispassionate ‘Oh’. 
Justin walked over to the sofa to do some work. He said to Lawrence who was looking for information on sweetcherry, “Look up that live-streamer named Fantasia, too.” 
Lawrence looked up and asked, “Okay, Boss. What do I do with her after that?” 
Justin said coldly and domineeringly, “Cancel her.” 
“…” 
— 
At the Andersons. 
After Ika conceded defeat, the people in Cherry’s live-stream started to enthusiastically talk about how Fantasia simply refused to apologize. 
The fans were angry and indignant, but Cherry instead tilted her head to the side and said, “Even a three-year-old knows that they should apologize when they do something wrong, but don’t force her to do it anymore, everyone. After all, she’s still young~” 
Rows of question marks suddenly appeared in the comments. 
Cherry then added, “When she grows into a decent human being, she’ll naturally come and apologize!” 
Everyone, “!!”
Her words confused everyone, but when they saw the explanation in the comments, they immediately understood. 
Someone wrote: ‘F*ck! sweetcherry is simply awesome at dissing people! Where did you learn that from? She’s saying that Fantasia is inhumane! After all, she hasn’t grown into a human being yet!’ 
‘You’re too impressive!’ 
‘I’ve learned something new today…’ 
‘Although I feel great after I scolded her, I still can’t help but be frustrated…’ 
Mixed with the comments was also Grandpa’s comment: ‘I’ll ban her from live-streaming, then.’ 
Almost immediately after his comment, another comment in big and bold red font appeared: 
JH: ‘I’ve already banned her.’ 
Cherry was a little dumbfounded when she saw the comment. 
Then, she immediately saw another comment from JH: ‘Is the face-off over? I went to top-up my account just now, but it was a bit slow. There are already 1.5 million dollars in my account now. I’ll give it to you during your face-off tomorrow.’ 
Cherry, “!!” 
At this point, her cell phone suddenly beeped. 
She picked it up and saw that she had received a friend request on Facebook from JH. 
It also came with a message: ‘I accidentally deleted you yesterday. Let’s be friends again?’
###Chapter 118: If He Had A Child
Chapter 118: If He Had A Child 
Cherry, “” 
Her eyes widened big and round as she stared at her cell phone long and hard. 
If she hadn’t requested Pete to ask Daddy about it, she would have believed him for sure! 
However, Pete had already asked him about it. Stinky Daddy had done it on purpose. 
There were serious consequences to be had when Cherry got mad. 
Thus, Cherry very decisively rejected the friend request. 
The motherly fans in the comments also started to mock Sponsor Daddy at this point: 
‘This is killing me. Who was it who said that he isn’t Sweetie’s dad just now?’ 
‘He wanted the live-streamer to ask him for help before he would help just now.. After that, he left the live-stream. Here I was, thinking that he’s already left, but as it turned out, he had gone off to top up his account?’ 
‘Aaaahhh! I love Sponsor Daddy! He’s so bad-ass!’ 
‘Am I the only one who feels more secure with Sponsor Grandpa?’ 
‘I also feel that Sponsor Grandpa is mightier and more bad-ass!’ 
Then, someone started a poll in the comments: ‘Who do you prefer—Sponsor Grandpa or Sponsor Daddy?’
Cherry looked at the comments and declared in her soft, tender voice, “I like Sponsor Grandpa more! But you mustn’t give me any more gifts, okay? You’ve given me too much, Sponsor Grandpa. Mommy says that I mustn’t just take things from other people!” 
Grandpa wrote: ‘It’s not that much. I’m happy to give it to you.’ 
Cherry, however, put on a stern look and said seriously, “No, you mustn’t. I’ll get mad if you send me any more!” 
Left with no other choice, Grandpa could only sigh and reply: ‘Alright, then.’ 
Their interaction made Sponsor Grandpa’s vote count visibly increase, whereas Sponsor Daddy only had a few miserable votes. 
Justin, “…” 
After being rejected both on Facebook and in the live-stream, Justin looked a little sullen at the moment. 
There were a lot of ways to coax children, though. Wasn’t it precisely because her No. 1 fan had descended from heaven and saved her from defeat in the face-off just now that she was being so friendly with him? 
In that case, he would also become a hero and save the damsel in distress the next day! This way, he would definitely be able to get the little fellow to acknowledge him too! 
While he was thinking, Lawrence passed him the information he found. He said, “I’ve found sweetcherry’s personal information. Due to her age, her account was registered with her parents’ IDs. Her mother’s name is Queenie and her father’s name is Dick… What a strange name.” 
Justin, “!!” 
Her mother was a queen while her father was a dick… How discriminatory!
He clenched his fists and tried to suppress the urge to beat someone up. As he gnashed his teeth in fury, he said coldly, “Go and investigate Nora Smith’s background again!” 
A surprised Lawrence said, “We’ve already checked Ms. Smith’s background several times, Mr. Hunt. It is indeed like the information that we’ve already found.” 
As soon as he said that, a displeased Justin countered, “Did you find out that she’s Anti?” 
“…” 
Lawrence lowered his head, daring not to speak any more. Then, he said, “I’ll go and investigate her background right away.” 
At night. 
“Huh? Did Daddy really say that?” 
Cherry hid in the toilet and spoke to her brother over the phone secretively. 
Although Pete’s voice was also young and tender, for some reason, it gave people a sense of security. He said, “Yeah, he’s trying to find out where you are, but it seems like he’s run into some trouble, so he can’t find any info.” 
Cherry pursed her lips and said, “Of course. I’ll let you in on a secret—Mommy is actually a hacker~!” 
Cherry looked very proud at the mention of her mother. Then, right after, a look of disdain came over her face and she said, “Daddy is such a dummy, Pete!” 
Pete said, “I also think so, so I gave him my vitamins so that he can boost his brainpower.” 
“Great job, Pete! That’s awesome! In that case, I can continue to live-stream with peace of mind now. Daddy’s a dummy who can’t find me anyway!”
Pete replied, “Alright.” 
After the two finished chatting, Cherry finally walked out of the bathroom. Nora had washed up and was already in bed. 
Cherry thought for a moment. Since Daddy couldn’t find them for now anyway, that meant that she didn’t have to tell Mommy about it, right? 
Otherwise, Mommy definitely wouldn’t allow her to live-stream anymore. She happily made her mind. 
Cherry got onto the bed and sent some cute stickers to Sponsor Grandpa on Messenger. He replied very quickly: ‘Have an early night.’ 
sweetcherry replied: ‘Okie-Dokie! You should also go to bed early. Mommy says that people who go to bed early and wake up early will be more energetic!’ 
At the Smiths. 
Ian rested weakly on the bed and replied with difficulty: ‘Okay.’ 
He put down the cell phone and stared at the ceiling. 
Outside the door, Yvonne Smith, his adopted daughter, lowered her voice and said, “Dad has a poor appetite, so make sure to cook liquid food instead. Add a bit of minced meat so that it’ll be more nutritious. Understand?” 
The caretaker replied, “Don’t worry, Ms. Yvonne. I’ve already committed all these to memory.” 
“Good.”
Ian sighed when he heard the exchange. 
She ultimately wasn’t his real daughter. Her concern for him always came across as rather superficial. 
His eyelids drooped and he closed his eyes. Life suddenly felt very meaningless. 
When Yvette Anderson suddenly disappeared more than twenty years ago, he had personally searched for her for a very long time. However, he hadn’t found her. By the time he finally found her in California, he discovered that she had already married someone else and even given birth to a child. 
At that time, Yvette had said, “Forget me, Ian. I’ve let you down, but Henry and I are truly in love with each other. If you really love me, then let me go.” 
‘Let me go’… 
He was fully capable of bringing her back, putting her under house arrest, and forcibly keeping her with him at that time. He had indeed also considered doing so. 
Thus, he had sent people to capture her. But on the way back to New York, the strong and stubborn woman had broken down in front of him. 
His heart had ached terribly. 
In the end, he had let her go. 
Before she left, she had looked at him and said, “Find someone else and marry her instead. You will have a wife and children of your own. Forget me. I’m sorry…” 
He had pretended to stay strong after he returned to New York, but he never entertained notions of getting married ever again. Later, he adopted a daughter.
This was because he heard that she had given birth to a daughter. 
After that, he never bothered himself with her again. 
Looking back, he still regretted his actions. Why had he relented back then? Why hadn’t he forcibly taken her with him? That way, she wouldn’t have died from postpartum hemorrhage during labor. She probably died when the child was a year old, right? 
If they had been together, and if they had had a child, would that child have been as adorable as sweetcherry? 
It was exactly such a thought that made him fascinated with sweetcherry’s live-streams. 
In fact, he even developed the urge to meet her. It was sweetcherry who gave him the will to live. After all, their spark of friendship was growing stronger and stronger. 
sweetcherry had said that she hoped it would become a little boat or a giant ferry one day. 
He closed his eyes. 
Suddenly, someone pushed the door open. Then, soft footsteps padded toward him and someone called out, “Grand-uncle Ian…” 
Ian opened his eyes and saw tiny little Mia standing next to him. He asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Mia lowered her head and asked, “Grand-uncle Ian, can you give me $150,000?” 
Ian was taken aback. 
Little Mia was usually the most sensible child around. Why was she suddenly asking him for money?
Mia lowered her head and said timidly, “I just discovered that my classmate Cheryl Smith is live- streaming, but she’s having a bit of trouble. I want to help her… Her live-streaming alias is sweetcherry, by the way.”
###Chapter 119: My Father Is Justin Hunt!
Chapter 119: My Father Is Justin Hunt! 
Cherry?! 
Ian’s eyes flew open abruptly. Light even shone in his usually listless eyes. He looked straight at the little Mia, who lowered her head and said, “Grand-uncle Ian, I know I shouldn’t be borrowing money from you, but my money is all with Mommy. She doesn’t let me ask Daddy for money, either. Brandon has a loose tongue, so he’ll definitely tell Mommy if I borrow money from him. After thinking about it, you’re the only one I can ask.” 
Mia glanced at him in embarrassment and said, “But if you don’t have any, it’s okay…” 
As soon as she said that, Ian smiled and said, “I do. I’ll give my little Mia some.” 
Mia’s eyes lit up. “Thank you, Grand-uncle Ian!” 
Ian then asked, “Can you tell me about this classmate of yours?” 
. 
Mia nodded. With a look of admiration on her face, she said, “Cheryl Smith is amazing! Not only can she turn into a little boy, but she can also turn into a little girl!” 
Ian, “?” 
“She also dances really well. Sinead Lowe was originally the lead dancer for the dance in the school’s 50th-anniversary celebrations. She’s really unlikeable and often bullies everyone in school!” 
Ian asked, “Does she bully even you?”
Mia shook her head. “She doesn’t dare to bully me because I’m a Smith. She doesn’t dare to make trouble for me, but she doesn’t talk to me either. She started bullying Cherry the moment she came to the school, but Cherry’s Mommy is really amazing. She got Ms. Tanya Turner over, so Cherry became the lead dancer after that. 
“Cherry also became Brandon’s boss. He follows her around every day and serves her water. He also asked her when she can become a little boy again.” 
At this point, Mia added softly, “I also hope that Cherry will become a little boy.” 
Ian was taken aback. “Why?” He asked. 
Mia smiled gently and timidly. Her small oval-shaped face was adorable and delicate. She answered, “Cherry is very cool when she’s a boy. I like talking to him.” 
Ian felt like he understood what she was saying, but also not really at the same time. He casually transferred $150,000 to Mia’s bank account and then closed his eyes. 
Mia left quietly when she saw that he wasn’t talking to her anymore. 
Grand-uncle Ian wasn’t in good health. Daddy had told her earlier that she shouldn’t disturb him… 
In the evening, Joel came over to visit Ian as usual after he knocked off from work. However, when he did, he saw Ian, whose eyes were always half-lidded, seated upright on the bed as if he was waiting for him. 
Surprised, Joel asked, “Is something the matter, Uncle Ian?” 
Ian cast his eyes down and said unhurriedly, “Is Mia’s school holding their 50th-anniversary celebrations soon?” 
Joel nodded. “Yes, I’ve already received an invitation.”
He wasn’t planning to go. After all, it didn’t really matter whether he went to an event like that or not. Besides, Mia was timid and frail, so she wasn’t performing, either. 
While thinking about it, he heard Ian say, “I want to go and have a look.” 
Joel was surprised. “What?” 
Ian repeated, “I want to go and have a look.” 
Joel was a little in disbelief, but he nevertheless said, “Okay, I’ll make the arrangements.” 
After leaving Ian’s bedroom, Joel looked back at the door and frowned. 
A moment later, he asked the caretaker, “Did something happen at Uncle Ian’s today?” 
The caretaker stood up straight. Although Joel seemed friendly and approachable, she treated him with ever-increasing respect. “I think Ms. Mia was here.” 
At the mention of Mia, Joel’s expression softened. 
“I see.” 
It seemed like Uncle Ian was going to the kindergarten because of Mia. He would also go with him, then. 
— 
The next afternoon. 
After dealing with work matters in the Hunt Corporation, Justin left his office. However, he didn’t go home. Pete was at the Quinn School of Martial Arts today, but when he got in the car, he didn’t instruct the chauffeur to head to the school.
“Where would you like to go, sir?” asked the chauffeur. 
“To the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
At the kindergarten. 
It was the 50th-anniversary celebrations soon, so the twenty children participating in the opening ceremony dance had to practice for an hour more than usual. 
At four o’clock in the afternoon. 
Cherry and her friends entered the dance studio and stood in line. 
Sinead was next to Cherry. Even though she had been warned not to provoke Cherry, she was pouting and glaring at her from time to time today. 
In the past, even though Sinead was bad-tempered, everyone was afraid of the dance teacher, so they were very tolerant of her. 
But now, everyone was playing with Cherry and ignoring her instead. 
After putting up with it for several days, Sinead finally couldn’t stand it anymore. She suddenly reached out her arm and pushed Cherry. 
Cherry stumbled backward a couple of steps. She looked at her in surprise and asked, “What are you doing, Sinead the Doggy?” 
Sinead yelled, “You’re the dog, Cherry the Doggy! I’m not Sinead the Doggy!” 
Cherry said, “But you were barking like a dog that time! Like this!”
She bent over into a different pose from what Sinead had done the other day and called out, “Moo, moo~” 
Sinead immediately scoffed and said, “You’re doing it wrong! It should be like this!” 
She imitated a puppy’s pose again and stuck out her tongue while saying, “Woof! Woof!” 
A giggling Cherry straightened her back and said, “Great job, Sinead the Doggy!” 
Sinead stood up straight and raised her chin. 
However, the children around them suddenly burst out laughing. 
After a while, Sinead finally realized what had happened. She immediately became so angry that she placed her hands on her hips. Then… she let out an ear-piercing wail and started crying. 
Cherry clapped her hands over her ears and looked at her wryly. 
Was she crying just because she couldn’t win the argument? 
While she was thinking about it, Whitney walked in and heard Sinead crying. She frowned and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Sinead pointed at Cherry and said, “She’s bullying me!” 
Cherry shook her head and said, “I’m not.” 
The rest of the students also testified and said, “Cherry didn’t bully Sinead. It was Sinead who pushed her.” 
During this recent period of time, everyone could tell that Whitney was unusually scared of Cherry, just like how she was also scared of the two children from the Smiths.
Therefore, she definitely wouldn’t dare to bully Cherry. 
But unexpectedly, Whitney suddenly shouted, “Cherry, apologize to Sinead immediately!” 
Cherry was taken aback for a moment. Then, she shook her head and said, “I didn’t do anything wrong.” 
“How dare you be so unrepentant! Come out here with me!” 
Whitney grabbed Cherry by her arm and dragged her out of the dance studio. As she did, she said fiercely, “Cheryl Smith, I’ve already figured it all out. Mr. Hunt only has a son; he doesn’t have any daughters at all! How dare you lie to me for so long! I’m going to teach you a good lesson today! As punishment, you are to stand in the sun for two hours and give up your center position in the dance!” 
Then, she dragged her over to a corner of the wall and threw her there. Her fierce appearance frightened Cherry so badly that her eyes widened. The little fellow, who had never allowed anyone to give her the short end of the stick, hastily said, “My father really is Justin Hunt!” 
Whitney scoffed derisively and said, “What a stubborn girl you are. If your father is really Justin Hunt, then why don’t you give him a call and have him pick you up from school?!”
###Chapter 120: You Might As Well Just Say You’re The Lord Himself
Chapter 120: You Might As Well Just Say You’re The Lord Himself 
The light in Cherry’s eyes dimmed a little. 
Stinky Daddy didn’t even know she was his daughter, so how was she going to ask him to pick her up? 
However, this wasn’t an issue when it came to quarreling. She straightened her back, placed her chubby little hands on her hips, and said, “If you don’t believe me, then why don’t you give Daddy a call and ask him if Cherry is his daughter?!” 
Whitney, “?” 
The woman, who looked a little fierce, was so stunned by her words that she didn’t know what to say. She paused for a moment to catch her breath before she sneered, “I’m not going to bother Mr. Hunt just because of trivial matters like this!” 
“Oh, I see. You must be afraid of my father!” 
Was there even anyone who dared to mess with Justin Hunt in New York’s business circle? 
Whitney found herself lost for words. However, she braced herself and said, “How can that be? I just think you’re using his name, that’s all!” 
Cherry tilted her head.. “How does my father’s identity have anything to do with whether I’m taking center position or not, though?” 
Whitney was about to reply when Cherry took out her cell phone and said, “Mrs. Lowe, I accidentally turned on the audio recorder just now!” 
The audio recorder?
Whitney’s eyes suddenly widened. Never would she have expected that a five-year-old would actually be so devious and have so many tricks up her sleeve! 
She clenched her fists and snatched Cherry’s cell phone from her. She sneered, “Don’t you know that students are not allowed to bring cell phones to school?” 
Cherry wasn’t bothered though. She glared at her with her big round eyes and said, “I know that, so I’m willing to hand over the phone. But Mommy’s afraid that people will bully me in school, so I think she also placed a surveillance camera and an audio recorder on me~” 
She patted herself here and there and said, “Was it this big button here on the name tag? I don’t quite remember anymore~ Mrs. Lowe, do I go to the field and stand there now?” 
Whitney, “!!” 
She balled up her fists. She knew very well that Cherry was lying, but in the event that she wasn’t, if she was filmed punishing Cherry for no reason, it would be terrible if the recording was uploaded to the Internet or used against her. 
The look on Whitney’s face changed a few times before she finally forced a stiff smile and said, “Why would you need to do that? I was just joking with you.” 
She cast her eyes down. As she walked back into the classroom, she said, “Let’s go back for class!” 
Cherry followed after her obediently. When the pair entered the dance studio, they saw Sinead talking triumphantly to the rest of the children. She said, “Did all of you see that? If anyone bullies me, Mommy will definitely teach them a lesson! Cherry the Doggy is a good example of that!” 
But as soon as she said that, she heard a voice coming from behind her: “Hello there, Sinead the Doggy!”
Sinead turned and looked over. When she saw Cherry, she pursed her lips, ready to cry. However, Whitney called out, “Cherry, get back into position!” 
Sinead swallowed back down the wail about to escape her mouth and suppressed the tears in her eyes. 
When the children got into position, Whitney narrowed her eyes and said, “I’m going to count the beat now. The first action… One, two, three, four… Five, six, seven, eight… Two, two, three, four… Five, six, seven, eight… Cherry, as the center, your movements are not up to standard. Go to the side and practice this move a hundred times!” 
Cherry would definitely quit if she was being punished for no reason. 
However, when it came to dance practice… Cherry stepped out obediently, stood at the side, and started to practice the dance move from just now. 
The little fellow was a tenacious one. Although she was smooth with outsiders, in truth, she was actually very stubborn. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have developed a grudge against her father just because he had blocked her on Facebook. 
If Whitney claimed that she wasn’t dancing it right, then she would practice until she got it right and show her a thing or two after that! 
The rest of the children felt like their legs were turning into jelly as they watched Cherry jumping up and down. 
The first part of the dance was rather tiring because there were several jumps involved. However, Cherry did it again and again tirelessly. In between, Whitney even occasionally came over to mock her. 
“Can you really do it, Cheryl? If you can’t, then give up the center position!”
“Your physique is certainly pretty good, but aren’t you lacking a foundation in dancing a little too much? You must not have learned how to dance before, right?” 
“Tsk. If I were you, I would just give up the center position.” 
A malicious look flashed in Whitney’s eyes as she stared at the little girl. 
She had underestimated the girl just now. Since she couldn’t take direct action against her, she would just take an indirect approach instead. She simply didn’t believe that she could endure such high- intensity training every day! 
However, Cherry gritted her teeth and bore with it. Her hair was wet with perspiration, but she didn’t care. 
To be honest, she knew that Whitney was right. 
When her god-mom Tanya took a liking to her and wanted to teach her how to dance, she didn’t practice much because she found it too tough and tiring. Thus, her foundation was really not as solid as Sinead’s. 
Although the dance didn’t require much skill, if perfection was within her means, then she would definitely do her best so that she doesn’t hold the rest back! 
She practiced again and again… 
One and a half hours later, the dance lesson finally ended. Cherry felt as if her legs had turned into jelly and she didn’t have even an ounce of strength left in her. She was a little unsteady on her feet as she limped all the way back to the classroom. 
Brandon, who saw her from a distance away, trotted over and held her arm as he helped her into the classroom.
Mia also hurriedly fetched her a cup of water. Cherry raised her head and gulped it down. Only then did she feel much better. 
Sinead watched them from the side and said, “Cherry the Doggy, if you give up the center position, Mommy won’t make life difficult for you anymore!” 
Cherry ignored her. 
After dinner, the children were finally let out of school. Cherry yawned sleepily and followed Ms. Lynn out of the school to the kindergarten gates. 
Classes had ended five minutes early today. However, Mommy Nora was late again. This led to Cherry standing at the gates and waiting even after all the other children were picked up by their parents one by one… 
Unfortunately, the kindergarten premises were being cleaned at the moment. Ms. Lynn also knew that Cherry’s mom had it tough because she had to shoulder everything all by herself and still come on time every day to pick up her daughter from school, so she stayed with Cherry as she waited at the gates. 
Just as Ms. Lynn was about to comfort her, Whitney, who was holding Sinead’s hand, came up and stood in front of them. She said, “Cheryl Smith, you claim that your father is Justin Hunt, but if that’s true, why wouldn’t he send a chauffeur to pick you up after school? Why would he let you wait here for god knows how long?” 
Cherry pouted. She didn’t want to pay her any attention. 
Whitney sneered, “Surely it isn’t because your father doesn’t want you, right?” 
Cherry, who had been blocked on Facebook by her father, was still mad at him. Whitney’s words undoubtedly rubbed salt on her wound. She looked up and shouted, “Of course not!”
At the sight of her getting worked up, Whitney smirked and said, “No? Are you finally admitting that your father isn’t Justin Hunt? People like you who use his name to lie to and trick others in school should be expelled!” 
“I’m not lying!” Cherry clenched her fists and said fiercely, “My father really is Justin Hunt!” 
In the distance, Justin, who was seated in the car, stared straight at Cherry. 
The little fellow was wearing the dress version of the kindergarten uniform, and her face was both adorable and enchanting. 
The corners of his lips curled upward uncontrollably. He got out of the car and strode over. As soon as he approached, he heard Whitney saying sarcastically, “Hah, are you still insisting that your father is Justin Hunt, even at this point? You might as well just say you’re the Lord himself if you’re that great.”
###Chapter 121: A Soft And Squishy Daughter!
Chapter 121: A Soft And Squishy Daughter! 
As soon as Whitney said that, a low and deep voice reached her. “I don’t know if she’s the Lord himself or not, but I do know I can help you go to Heaven and speak to the Lord himself.” 
“…” 
Whitney suddenly froze. As though she had been petrified, she slowly turned her head to see Justin standing right there. 
Dressed meticulously in a black suit with his tie fastened tightly, he was the very picture of a cold and unfeeling man without any desires. He was tall and slender, and had a strong and commanding aura around him. His countenance was also cold and solemn, and even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to be exuding an icy chill. 
The air at the kindergarten’s gates instantly solidified. 
Whitney had seen Justin before. 
. 
It was at a business dinner in New York that she had attended with her husband, Bob Lowe. Mr. Hunt was sitting in an area far away that time, and all around him were people who wanted to go up to him and curry favor but didn’t dare to. 
He was very young and was only in his twenties. As though a divine being who had descended into the mortal world, he was very handsome and carried himself extraordinarily well. 
It was at that time that Whitney had finally witnessed what an aristocratic aura and background were truly like.
As such, he had left a very deep impression on Whitney. 
Even so, why was he here right now?! 
Just as she was wondering about it, Cherry exclaimed in surprise, “Daddy?!” 
Whitney, “!!” 
She looked at Cherry incredulously before looking at Justin again. She pointed at Cherry and stammered, “I-is this your child, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin looked at Cherry with love and affection in his dark, bottomless eyes. His voice was low, it was shaking a little—though outsiders would never notice it. 
“Yes.” 
He had said ‘yes’… 
Whitney felt thunderstruck! 
Cherry’s father really was Justin Hunt! 
Her legs went limp and she almost fell onto the ground. She tried her best to control herself, barely managing to avoid embarrassing herself in front of everyone. She felt as if she couldn’t quite breathe anymore. 
Justin stepped forward, bent down, and picked up Cherry. 
He was tall and long-legged while Cherry was cherubic and adorable. They formed an exceptionally harmonious picture. No one, however, noticed that the arm that Justin was carrying Cherry with was actually a little stiff.
It was as if he was afraid that he would hurt her if he exerted too much force. 
After getting Cherry into a comfortable posture, Justin looked at Whitney and asked, “Who is your husband?” 
Whitney didn’t want to answer, but she didn’t dare not to, so she replied, “… T-the Lowes.” 
“Bob Lowe?” Justin snorted softly. “I see.” 
‘I see’…?! 
What was that supposed to mean?! 
Whitney knew that Justin was a gentleman who didn’t bully women. Should a woman offend him—in the case of single women, he would approach their fathers; in the case of married women, he would approach their husbands! 
So, did this mean that Justin was planning to make things difficult for Bob?! 
Whitney couldn’t keep herself together anymore. She staggered and fell onto the ground. 
Ms. Lynn didn’t know Justin. She merely thought that Cherry’s father was very handsome. Seeing that he had taken the child with him, she finally looked at Whitney and asked, “What’s the matter, Mrs. Lowe?” 
Whitney, “…” 
She got up, hastily got into the car with Sinead, and ran off as if she was fleeing for her life. 
Elsewhere. 
Cherry, who was in Justin’s arms, widened her eyes big and round. Her bright and shiny eyes were full of shock.
Daddy was so cool just now! No, wait, had he recognized who she was? 
Just as she was wondering about that, Justin looked at her and asked very gently, “What are you doing here instead of being at the Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Cherry, “?” 
Justin continued and said, “I passed by the area during work. I thought it looked like you when I looked over from afar, so I came over to take a look. Why are you wearing the kindergarten uniform? And even a dress at that?” 
Cherry understood now—stinky Daddy still hadn’t recognized who she was! 
He had mistaken her for Pete! 
Cherry immediately nodded and said, “Daddy, Grandpa Quinn brought me here, yeah!” 
There was nothing she could do aside from pushing the blame onto Grandpa Quinn for now! Should Daddy press further, she would just get Grandpa Quinn to make up a decent excuse. 
Or so Cherry thought, because she completely didn’t notice the big smile at the corners of a certain somebody’s lips. 
‘Yeah’… 
Yes, that was exactly the feeling. 
Justin couldn’t suppress his smile. So, this was… how an adorable, soft, and squishy daughter was like! 
As expected, she was completely different from that little brat.
Just as Cherry thought he was going to press the matter, Justin instead said, “Let’s not go home yet. Shall we go and buy you some toys?” 
Cherry, “?” 
She blinked and blurted out, “Huh?” 
Justin’s heart melted into a puddle of goo. He asked, “What do you like?” 
“Barbie dolls!” 
And so, Justin took Cherry to a toy shop that sold Barbies. She looked at the dazzling array of dolls, holding on to one excitedly while also refusing to let go of another. 
Which should she get? Oh, what a tough choice this was! 
Just as Cherry found herself awfully troubled, she heard her stinky father say, “Pack all of these up and send them to my house.” 
Cherry, “!!” 
Aaahhh!! All of a sudden, it seemed like she had forgiven stinky Daddy just a little! 
No, she, little Cherry, mustn’t bend over backwards just for a few dolls! 
At the sight of how his daughter was obviously not as mad anymore, Justin breathed a sigh of relief. 
— 
At the Quinn School of Martial Arts.
Pete had already waited for over half an hour, but the tyrant still wasn’t here to pick him up. The bored little boy sat at the doorstep with his chin in his hands. 
A jeep stopped at the entrance at this point. Nora got off the car and strode over. “Come with me, Pete.” 
Pete, “?” 
Nora touched her nose and said a little embarrassedly, “Your father happened to see Cherry and mistook her for you, so he took her with him. I only knew about it after I went to the kindergarten but didn’t find Cherry there, so I was late picking you up.” 
Pete, “…” 
Pete couldn’t help but feel like the tyrant had abandoned him. 
He already knew he had a daughter though, so why didn’t he think that Cherry was his daughter when he saw her? 
He heaved a sigh, deeply worried about his father’s IQ. 
Luckily, he was a boy, so his IQ was completely inherited from Mommy… 
A silent Pete followed Nora into the car. On the way home, he suddenly asked, “Mommy, what will you do if Daddy realizes Cherry’s existence?” 
Nora’s long, slender fingers rested casually on the steering wheel. A sharp look flashed across her almond-shaped eyes and she replied, “I’ll take Cherry and you with me and flee for as long as we can, I guess.” 
Pete, “…”
Nora pursed her lips and said lazily, “To be honest, it’s not that we can’t tell him the truth, either. It mainly depends on why your father hates me.” 
She didn’t feel that she had done anything abominable at all! 
The two of them reached the Andersons’ very quickly. Pete went upstairs after greeting Melissa coolly. After entering the bedroom, he picked up his cell phone and gave Cherry an emergency call. 
Cherry was currently immersed in the sea of Barbies and unable to extricate herself. 
At the door. 
Justin smiled when he saw her cheering happily. 
At this point, Lawrence suddenly came over and said, “Mr. Hunt, I’ve found some information about Ms. Smith.” 
The look in Justin’s eyes turned serious. He glanced at Lawrence and indicated for him not to say anything. It was only after they went into the study that he ordered, “Tell me.”
###Chapter 122: He Had Already Seen Through Everything A Long Time Ago
Chapter 122: He Had Already Seen Through Everything A Long Time Ago 
A respectful Lawrence gave him his report. 
“We found out that when Ms. Smith became pregnant back then, the Smiths once said that her pregnancy had come about inexplicably and they didn’t know who her lover was. However, no one believed them, and said that they were just making up an excuse to cover up her immoral conduct.” 
An inexplicable pregnancy… 
Justin suddenly thought back to her asking him how he had come to have Pete. He had replied that he didn’t know and asked her if she believed him. 
She had said that she did. 
He’d thought that it was because she was so in love with him that she believed everything he said. He didn’t expect the truth to actually be like this! 
Justin lowered his gaze.. “Anything else?” 
Lawrence shook his head. 
Justin instructed, “Investigate how come she gave birth to twins.” 
Lawrence was astonished. “Twins?” 
His brows drew together and he said, “We haven’t found anything about that at all! Moreover, there really isn’t any information about how Ms. Smith spent those five years abroad.” 
Justin waved him off while saying, “Continue the investigation.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Justin sat on the desk after Lawrence left. The look in his eyes was deep and unreadable as he listened to Cherry’s laughter next door. 
To be honest, all the mysteries had been solved the moment he saw Cherry in the live-stream. Everything had clicked at once. 
His son’s personality change, the special situation at the hotel in California… As well as Nora paying so much attention to him for some strange reason… 
In that instant, apart from the joy of realizing that he had a daughter, there was also another complicated emotion in him—anger at being deceived! 
That woman wasn’t trying to get close to him because she liked him; rather, it really was because of his son! 
The discovery made him exceptionally displeased. 
As it turned out, from the beginning to the end, he was the one who had been flattering himself in this relationship. 
He felt a mixture of joy and sorrow in that moment. 
He was delighted that there were actually such ties between the two of them, and also happy that he actually really had a daughter. 
But at the moment of discovery, a thought had also suddenly formed in his mind—he’d rather not have discovered the truth… 
He had pretty much subconsciously pretended not to know who his daughter was, and had put up a show in front of his son by instructing Lawrence to investigate the matter. This was to confuse the other
party and make them think that he hadn’t found out yet. 
Afterward, knowing that he had deleted his daughter from his Facebook account, he hastily added her back in hopes of repairing their relationship. 
Then, he thought back to his interactions with that woman during this recent period of time… 
That woman had once said that her child’s father was an idiot. At that time, he had intensely disliked and even been a little jealous of that so-called ‘idiot’. But as it turned out, that idiot was actually he himself?! 
He knew that his daughter was studying at the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten because that woman had used his name to enroll her daughter in the school. That was how he knew that their daughter was there… 
His thoughts had still been on this when he was waiting quietly at the kindergarten. 
If it had been the old him, if he hadn’t known Nora, and if he hadn’t had in-depth interaction with and understanding of Nora—after stabilizing the situation with them, the first thing he would have done after he saw his daughter would likely have been to take her from her mother and bring her home! 
His, Justin Hunt’s child mustn’t be left out in the wild! 
But when he saw his daughter being bullied and came forward to back her up, his heart had softened again… 
Should he really do that, they would fall out with each other completely, and it would probably be impossible between him and that woman anymore. 
Justin lowered his gaze. His fingers tapped lightly on the desk as he tried to think of countermeasures. 
All three of them didn’t want him to know the truth. This showed that they must have already reached a consensus among themselves. It was likely because they were afraid that he would separate them from
each other. 
In that case, then he would just keep things as they were for now! 
At least he had already brought his daughter back home. 
It was just a shame that he had utterly offended his daughter when he was still in the dark. In that case, he would give her a taste of her own medicine! 
He would restore his dignity as a father while his daughter was still unaware that he already knew her true identity! 
Didn’t that teacher bully his daughter? 
In that case, he would make the Lowes go bankrupt immediately! 
The Lowes were already on the verge of bankruptcy because of their investment in real estate anyway. He didn’t mind doing a little something to speed things up! 
Justin looked at the computer. His fingers flew across the keyboard at high speed and he entered the Imperial League’s system… 
After finishing what he wanted to do, Justin picked up his cell phone and looked at the time—it was time for his daughter’s live-stream. 
His daughter had told Sponsor Grandpa the day before not to tip her anymore. 
But if he didn’t, she definitely wouldn’t make it through today’s face-off. At times like this, he, Sponsor Daddy, would have to come forward!
Although saving the damsel in distress was an old and cliché trick, it undoubtedly worked well. 
With that in mind, Justin stood up and walked out of the room. Sure enough, he saw his daughter secretly lock the door from the inside of the bedroom. 
The corners of his lips curled upward and he returned to the study. Then, he entered her live-stream. 
sweetcherry had already advanced to the top forty and would be advancing into the top twenty after the face-off today. Thus, one could consider this the semi-finals. As only those in the top ten would receive advertising opportunities, the top ten were considered the winners of the contest. 
The further one advanced, the harder it would get. 
The day before, she had been matched with Ika, a rich second-generation heir. Today, as luck would have it, sweetcherry was matched with a big-name live-streamer with eight million followers. 
The other live-streamer’s fans had already tipped him with three million dollars worth of virtual gifts at this point, so it was very difficult for sweetcherry to beat him. 
sweetcherry said softly, “There’s really no need to fight to win this match anymore! We only have less than a million fans. There’s no way we’ll win!” 
Justin’s lip corners curled upward. 
The ordinary fans were still a little too lacking. In situations like this, what they were really competing was instead the live-streamers’ big boss patrons’ spending power. 
Justin intended to wait ten minutes for the disparity in the two live-streamers’ point count to become much greater before he made his move. When that happened, Cherry would definitely be very moved, just like how she had been with Sponsor Grandpa the day before…
Or so he thought. Unfortunately, he instead saw… 
‘Mia has given you 9,999 airplanes.’ 
‘Brandon has given you 9,999 airplanes.’ 
‘Seth has given you 999 airplanes.’ 
‘XXX has given you 999 airplanes.’ 
… 
A row of airplane virtual gifts appeared on the screen—they were all Cherry’s kindergarten classmates. The children studying in the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten were all rich second-generation heirs, so they had no lack of pocket money! 
It took a short while for Cherry to pull ahead of her opponent by five million dollars worth of points! 
An excited Cherry exclaimed, “Why are all of you here?!” 
Brandon even wrote: ‘I brought all of them here, Boss. I’m cheering for you!’ 
Cherry nodded. “Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh!!” 
Justin, whose finger was already on the gift button but hadn’t yet sent the virtual gifts:  
His expression darkened. 
Why did these little brats have so much pocket money? 
It was time to have a talk with their parents and have them limit their children’s pocket money!
Having lost another opportunity to please his daughter, Justin was so mad that he almost threw his cell phone away. However, it was at this moment that the phone beeped—Nora had sent him a text message. It read: ‘Mr. Hunt, if I may be so bold to ask, why do you hate your son’s mother so much?’ 
The look in Justin’s eyes turned solemn when he saw the message. 
It was time that they had a good talk about this.
###Chapter 123: A Kindly Father And An Obedient Daughter
Chapter 123: A Kindly Father And An Obedient Daughter 
After sending him the message, Nora couldn’t help but feel like she had been too obtrusive. Who knew how that narcissistic man would interpret it this time… 
Just as she was thinking about it, she received a reply from him: ‘Let’s talk about these things face-to- face instead.’ 
Nora also felt that some things were better said and clarified in person, so she agreed. She wrote: ‘Okay. What time and where?’ 
Justin: ‘When are you free?’ 
Nora: ‘Any time is fine.’ 
Justin: ‘How about tomorrow morning?’ 
Nora: ‘No, I have to sleep.’ 
Justin: ‘How about noon, then?’ 
Nora: ‘No, I have to eat.’ 
. 
Justin: ‘We can have lunch together.’ 
Nora: ‘No.’ 
The food was always served on tiny little plates whenever she ate with him. It made eating a real chore.
Nora had never been one to waste time. There was nothing better than being able to go to bed early. Rather than spending two hours having a meal, she’d rather get it done in two minutes. Wasn’t an additional two hours of sleep a much better deal? 
Justin: ‘Then when are you free?’ 
Nora: ‘Any time is fine.’ 
Justin: ‘…’ 
At the sight of the ellipsis, Nora scrolled upward through their chat log and was suddenly very amused. She replied: ‘Let’s meet at three tomorrow afternoon. I’ll send the location to you.’ 
Justin: ‘Let’s meet at Club Prism, then. It’s close for both of us.’ 
Nora: ‘Okay, no problem.’ 
After confirming the time and location, Justin put down his cell phone and quietly walked out of the study. He walked carefully over to the door to Cherry’s room. Through the crack, he could see the little fellow sitting on her elder brother’s desk and playing games on her cell phone with her legs folded up. 
Her little face with baby fat was exceptionally adorable. Her chubby fingers slid across the phone screen at high speed. She was so immersed in her game that she had totally forgotten where she was. The way she dissed her teammates and opponents loudly… was really very cute! 
Justin looked around at Pete’s room. 
As his son was the room’s occupant, it was designed in a more masculine style. The chairs and tables were mostly blue. 
He glanced at the side…
The villa was relatively small; each floor was only about 2,000 square feet. Apart from Pete’s and his own study rooms and bedrooms, there were still two other rooms. 
Yeah, he supposed he could consider merging the two rooms and turning it into a princess-style room. 
However, given how many Barbies his daughter had, as well as how he would definitely be buying her a ton of princess dresses in the future, a room that size was a little too small. 
Since Pete’s study was next to her room, he might as well just give it to her, too. 
The three rooms didn’t seem that big either. In that case, maybe he should allocate Pete’s bedroom to her, too… 
The little brat was always making him angry anyway! 
While envisioning future renovation plans, Justin saw Cherry finally finishing her live-stream and winning another face-off. He pretended that he had just finished his work, opened the door, and entered the room. 
At the sight of her handsome father, Cherry hastily sat up straight, put down her cell phone, and pretended that she was reading. 
Justin asked, “Cherry… Pit, what do you like doing usually?” 
‘Cherry Pit’? 
Daddy had been influenced by her. 
A secretly thrilled Cherry wanted to reply with ‘Playing games, of course~’… 
But!
Just as she was about to answer, she suddenly realized that she was supposed to be Pete right now! If it was Pete, then his hobby should be… 
Cherry’s eyes widened in fear. “I… I like solving Mathematical Olympiad problems the most…” 
“Really?” Justin didn’t expect that his cute and squishy daughter also liked studying so much. His heart immediately softened even further and he said, “Shall Daddy teach you, then?” 
Everything the little brat knew was self-taught. 
But now that he had the opportunity to improve his relationship with his daughter, how could he give it up? 
He would definitely control his temper well and let his daughter have a taste of a father’s tender loving care. 
Justin, who was envisioning a scene of a kindly father and an obedient daughter, didn’t notice that Cherry was pouting at all. 
Sob! Daddy really is the meanest! I’m never liking Daddy anymore! 
— 
“What did you say? Mr. Hunt didn’t get into an argument with his son but instead got along even better with him?” Tina, who had her cell phone in her hand, felt like she must have misheard. 
Given Justin’s personality, there was no way he would spoil his son and let him do whatever he wanted after realizing that he was live-streaming.
After all, as a doctor who’d had frequent contact with the Hunts, she knew that even though Mr. Hunt pampered his son a lot, he was also very strict on him! 
Despite his age, the little Mr. Hunt was already an all-rounded talent by now! 
Lawrence’s annoying voice reached her through the phone. 
“Yes, you have no idea how gentle the look in Mr. Hunt’s eyes was when he realized that the ‘little mister’ was live-streaming, so why would they possibly get into an argument? Why, Ms. York seems very disappointed about the outcome?” 
An embarrassed Tina replied, “That’s not what I meant. I—” 
“Don’t worry, I get it. I totally do. You were just thinking of taking the opportunity to seduce Mr. Hunt, that’s all. What a shame that he didn’t add you as a friend on Facebook, or did as you wished.” 
Tina, “…” 
She clenched her fists. Mr. Zimmer’s words were simply too direct and too awful! 
She was about to say something when Lawrence added, “Oh, right. Mr. Hunt has something he would like me to tell you.” 
Upon hearing that it was a message from Justin, Tina immediately asked, “What is it?” 
“Hospital Finest doesn’t need a head of department who harbors ulterior motives like you anymore. There’s no place for you among the Hunts’ private doctors anymore, either. You’d best hurry and look for your next employer, Ms. York!” 
Tina, “!!”
She wanted to say something, but the other side had already hung up. 
Tina clenched her fists as she listened to the disconnected tone on the phone. 
It was the Hunts’ support that had allowed her to become the head of the surgery department despite her age! Now that she had offended Justin, her reputation was probably going to be ruined! 
No, she mustn’t allow that to happen… 
There were other people she could still rely on—the Smiths! They were on equal standing with the Hunts! 
After all, it was the pills she had ‘made’ that were keeping Ian Smith alive. 
Tina stood up and walked out of the room. It was getting late, so it was time for her to head to the Smiths to give Ian a routine checkup. 
Tina took out the Carefree Pill that she had asked someone to buy. She removed its packaging and placed it in a small box that she had specially made. 
The box was made of a special material and looked very luxurious, making it seem as if what was resting inside wasn’t a pill but a gem. 
Tina went to the Smiths with the pill. 
But as soon as she entered, she saw Dr. Lincoln, a well-known traditional medicine practitioner in the circle, seated there. Her eyes widened in shock. 
Next to him, the polite and mild-mannered Joel said, “Dr. York, Dr. Lincoln is here to give my third uncle a checkup. Please let him have a look at the pill that you usually give to my uncle.” 
Although he spoke politely, his tone brooked no refusal.
How could Tina possibly dare to refuse him? She bit her lip, took a pill from her bag, and handed it to Dr. Lincoln. 
After glancing at Tina a couple of times, Dr. Lincoln picked up the pill and examined it. Then, he uttered hesitantly, “Huh?” 
Joel looked up and asked, “What is it?”
###Chapter 124: The Carefree Pills’ Ownership Rights
Chapter 124: The Carefree Pills’ Ownership Rights 
Afraid that Dr. Lincoln would realize something, Tina became terribly nervous. After looking at it left and right for a long while, Dr. Lincoln finally smiled and said, “This pill that Jon made sure is amazing. I actually can’t tell how it’s made.” 
Tina, “” 
She clearly remembered that it was Dr. Lincoln who had recognized the Carefree Pill at the medical conference back then. 
How come he didn’t recognize it anymore? 
She didn’t have the leisure of paying that much attention to it, though. She smiled and replied, “Yes, this pill that my teacher made has a very troublesome manufacturing process, so it’s understandable that you can’t tell how it’s made.” 
Dr. Lincoln nodded and said no more.. He returned the pill to her. 
Tina heaved a huge sigh of relief. She took the pill from him and had Ian consume it, thereby extending his lifespan again. 
When she left after the routine checkup, Joel personally saw her out the door. This made her ecstatic. The head of the Smiths had actually given her such an honor! 
The Smiths lived in a large manor. Joel saw her to the door in the living room and said, “Feel free to approach me if you run into any trouble in the future, Dr. York.” 
This was a weighty promise from him.
Tina hesitated for a moment and said, “Mr. Smith, there is indeed something… To tell you the truth, I’ve graduated with a doctorate from the New York University School of Medicine and am currently applying to be a professor in the school…” 
She wasn’t even thirty years old yet. If she became a professor at a medical university and was allowed to train graduate students, she would become a legend in the field of medicine on par with Anti! 
Sure enough, Joel said dispassionately, “I see.” 
‘I see’… 
Tina got into the car. While she was still thinking about what he had meant by that, she received a call from the medical university’s HR department. 
“Dr. York, your application has been approved. Starting today, you’re our school’s youngest professor~” 
Tina, “!!!” 
She looked in front of her in astonishment. 
The Smiths had sent a Rolls-Royce to pick her up when she was coming over for the checkup. Then, she looked to the side—the people at the guardhouse had opened the gates respectfully and were even bowing to her. 
This feeling of having people show her great respect made her feel as if her ego was about to inflate. 
So, this was what it felt like to be in power. 
The Smiths were already this powerful even though they were second to the Hunts. Should she really succeed in getting Justin to fall in love with her… Suddenly, she thought of Nora again and a contemplative look appeared in her eyes.
After leaving the Smiths, Tina suddenly looked at the chauffeur and said with a smile, “Can I trouble you to take me to Mr. Myers’ place? I have something to talk to my teacher about.” 
The chauffeur replied respectfully, “Okay, Dr. York.” 
Jon Myers was shouting angrily in the living room when Tina arrived at the small villa where he lived. 
“How did I give birth to an animal like you?! How can you go gambling again?! You’ll spend all our savings sooner or later!” 
His son, Winston Myers, was sitting on the sofa with a cheeky smile on his face. He said, “Hurry up and make Tina marry me, then. This way, you can get her to manage the family.” 
The footsteps of Tina, who was about to enter, paused slightly. 
She lowered her head, a look of annoyance flashing across her eyes. 
That’s right, she and Winston were classmates in college. He had courted her the whole time when they were undergraduates. When she discovered that Winston was a letdown and Jon didn’t have a reliable successor, she had feigned affection toward Winston. That was why Jon regarded her as his direct successor. 
Otherwise, why would Jon treat her so well? 
Tina entered the living room. 
Sure enough, Jon looked at her and said, “Try and talk to him when you have the time, Tina! He’s just loafing around all day!”
Upon being reprimanded in front of Tina, Winston couldn’t take it lying down anymore. He said, “Don’t listen to his nonsense. He’s just venting his anger on me because he couldn’t figure out the Carefree Pills! Will you only stop thinking that I’m ‘loafing around all day’ if I steal the Carefree Pill formula for you?” 
Jon was so angry that he took a step back and pointed at him incredulously! 
Tina hurriedly stepped forward and held him. She said, “Winston, how can you talk to him like that? What’s the big deal about the Carefree Pills? It’s not like the Carefree Pills are necessarily the Andersons’ anyway!” 
Jon frowned and looked at her. “What do you mean?” 
Tina smiled and replied, “Even though Yvette Anderson was the one who developed the Carefree Pill, it’s her daughter who brought the formula back here with her. In other words, the formula belongs to her daughter, Nora Smith. Well, Nora eventually has to get married, right?” 
Married? 
Something suddenly clicked in Jon’s mind and he looked straight at Winston, but right after that, he looked back at Tina again. He looked hesitant and didn’t know what to say. 
Tina lowered her gaze and sighed. “Mr. Myers, there’s actually something that I’ve never mentioned before. I’ve always regarded Winston as my brother all these years…” 
Jon immediately understood what she meant. He said with a smile, “I’ve also only regarded you as my goddaughter all these years, Tina!” 
Tina broke into a smile. She said, “In that case, what are you still waiting for, Mr. Myers? If you don’t hurry, other people may approach them once they think of the same idea…”
Jon said, “I’ll get someone to talk to them about marriage right away!” 
When Jon took out his cell phone and went off to deal with the matter, Tina looked at Winston and sighed. She said, “Winston, it’s Mr. Myers’ wish to let the Myerses flourish. If bowing out of the picture can make you guys happy, I’ll definitely be happy to do s—” 
However, Winston suddenly stood up excitedly and said, “Nora Smith… Is it the same Nora Smith who impressed everyone with her dancing at the dance party? I remember her! She’s super pretty!” 
Tina, “?!” 
At the sight of the adoration in Winston’s eyes, she suddenly felt rather offended! 
When Jon returned after the phone call, Tina suddenly asked, “How is your relationship with Dr. Lincoln, Mr. Myers?” 
Jon sneered, “Lincoln uses his seniority to put himself on an equal footing with me. Hah, he thinks too highly of himself!” 
Did he mean that they weren’t on good terms? 
In that case, this meant that Dr. Lincoln covering up the matter about the Carefree Pill for her wasn’t because Jon had asked him to. 
If so, who had asked him to? 
— 
At the Andersons.
Neither Melissa nor Simon expected that they would receive a guest at nine o’clock in the evening. It was Mrs. Levin, the wife of Dr. Levin, a famous surgeon in New York who was also well-known in the medical field. 
The Levins were on good terms with the Myerses. However, the Andersons were competitors with the Myerses, so the Levins rarely visited them during all these years. 
Melissa and Simon were rather surprised to see her. 
Mrs. Levin, however, wasn’t a shy woman. She held Melissa’s hand and said, “Mrs. Anderson, where’s your niece Nora? I heard she beat up your sister-in-law and even stopped you from joining the Lowes’ real estate investment?” 
Melissa: “?” 
Mrs. Levin went on. “I also heard that she insisted that you invest in stocks? Isn’t that too insensible and frivolous of her?” 
Simon’s expression darkened. He found her too noisy, so he turned on the TV and switched to the financial news channel.
###Chapter 125: The Lowes Go Bankrupt!
Chapter 125: The Lowes Go Bankrupt! 
Melissa frowned. “Are you here so late at night just to say things like that, Mrs. Levin? If so, I’m afraid you’re not welcome here!” 
Mrs. Levin hastily shook her head and said, “Of course not. I’m here because I have great news for you!” 
Melissa was taken aback. She was a guest after all, so she resisted the urge to kick her out and asked, “What is it?” 
Mrs. Levin let herself into the living room and sat on the sofa. However, she changed the subject and said, “I gave your sister-in-law a call when I was on my way here. I actually wanted to persuade her to go home. Isn’t it awful that she’s still at her parents’ home?” 
Melissa had also heard that Miranda refused to go back to the Woods after she moved back to the Sonnets. 
. 
Farrell was determined to teach her a lesson, so he simply refused to bring her back home. However, he didn’t expect their two children to also go to the Sonnets after Miranda incited them to. 
Miranda even threatened him by saying that unless he brought Melissa to the Sonnets and made her apologize, he could forget about ever bringing her and the children back home! 
Miranda had also, unintentionally or otherwise, revealed to outsiders that the Sonnets had invested 30 million dollars in real estate, causing everyone in the circle to be full of envy toward the Sonnets for landing such a great opportunity.
Mrs. Levin said, “The Sonnets are about to strike gold and make a fortune with the Lowes. It won’t look good on your elder brother if he waits until then to go over! I’d advise you to go over to the Sonnets with him and bring them back home first. After all, the children are also there!” 
Melissa heaved a sigh. 
What made her think that she hadn’t already tried talking to Farrell about it? 
Unfortunately, he refused to listen to her. On top of that, he even said that if the children couldn’t even distinguish between right and wrong, then they might as well not come back for life! 
As Farrell was still angry, her only option left was to call Miranda. 
No matter how unpleasant Miranda was, Farrell’s family would only be complete if she was there! 
However, not only did Miranda give her a huge scolding again, she even said that she would make Farrell regret what he had done. 
It seemed like everyone was confident that the Sonnets were about to make it big… 
In the midst of her thoughts, Mrs. Levin pursed her lips again and said, “Mrs. Anderson, you’re a knowledgeable, intelligent, sensible, and considerate person. Your sister-in-law is also a good person. Everyone in the circle knows this, so how did you guys even get to this point? It seems like Nora was the cause of it all, right?” 
“Sigh, looking at it that way, Nora is totally a jinx!” 
The word ‘jinx’ caused Melissa’s expression to change dramatically. She was about to retort when Mrs. Levin added, “Nevertheless, she isn’t entirely without any merits—she’s good-looking after all. And would you look at that, because someone has asked me to come over and propose marriage!” 
Marriage?!
Political marriages between wealthy families were linked to the rise and fall of the families, so children of wealthy families were generally not allowed freedom in their romantic relationships. Therefore, having matchmakers visit families to propose marriage was still a popular practice. 
After all, if the two families were keen, they could just reach an agreement straight away. 
Melissa frowned and asked, “Who did?” 
“The Myerses, of course!” Mrs. Levin laughed and said, “It’s Jon Myers’ son, Winston Myers! He said that he fell in love at first sight with Ms. Smith after seeing her at the dance party! He kicked up a huge fuss and insisted on taking Ms. Smith as his wife after he got home. Jon didn’t agree to it initially because he felt that not only did she come with baggage, but she also had a bad reputation and was even a very tough woman. But Winston Myers was very insistent. Jon simply couldn’t make him change his mind, so he could only ask me to come over and propose a marriage between the two!” 
Melissa stood up angrily. “Winston Myers? No way!” 
Simon also said angrily, “How can an ignoramus like him be worthy of Nora?!” 
At the sight of their reactions, Mrs. Levin pursed her lips derisively and said, “Winston Myers is certainly a little more playful than most, but Nora doesn’t have a good reputation, either! Not only did she cause the Andersons to miss out on the Lowes’ investment, but she also did the same to the Woods. On top of that, it’s even said that she does stock trading. She must have lost a lot of money, right? Looking at it that way, Ms. Smith sure is lucky. Winston Myers is actually interested in her despite how ridiculous the things she does are. This must be a blessing for her, right?” 
“To hell with your so-called ‘blessing’!”
Even Melissa, who had always been cultured and held herself with propriety, couldn’t help but swear. She pointed at the door and shouted, “Get lost!” 
How could Mrs. Levin possibly leave? 
After all, Jon had said that he would give her a huge present as thanks if she could make them agree to the marriage! 
She stayed right where she was and said with a smile, “Mrs. Anderson, Mr. Anderson. What’s the meaning of this? I came here to propose marriage. Even if you’re not interested, that’s no reason to drive me out, right? Or is it because Ms. Smith’s expectations are too high?” 
It indeed wasn’t right to drive the matchmaker out of the house when they came over to propose marriage. 
Even so, the things that Mrs. Levin said were simply too aggravating! 
A surly Melissa said, “I’ve never seen anyone belittling the woman as the first thing they do when they go to someone’s place to propose marriage, either! Mrs. Levin, we’re all distinguished individuals here. If you refuse to leave, then it’s not our fault if we don’t show you any courtesy!” 
Simon also said, “Don’t blame me for throwing you out if you still don’t leave!” 
Mrs. Levin had come alone, so it was needless to say that she was afraid of the two of them. She walked toward the door in embarrassment, cursing as she did so. 
“Hah, what right does an uneducated and unlearned woman have to look down on Winston Myers? At the very least, he didn’t produce any kids, right? Nor is he trading stocks! By the way, Mrs. Anderson, how much did she lose when she was trading in stocks?” 
‘Trading stocks’, ‘losing money’…
These phrases caused Melissa to stop in her tracks. She suddenly said, “Wait a minute.” 
Mrs. Levin stood still, looked back, and sneered, “What? Have you thought it through? That’s more like it! The Myerses are still respectable people in the medical field, no matter what. It looks good on you if you form a union with them, right? As for the child…” 
She let out an icy chuckle and said, “The Andersons will have to take care of her, I suppose! Winston Myers will never take her in. You shouldn’t have kept a little bastard like her around. Why didn’t you just send her to the orphanage?” 
The things she said were simply getting more and more ridiculous! 
Melissa said coldly, “Nora didn’t lose any money in stocks!” 
“She didn’t?” Mrs. Levin was taken aback. “The stock market has been in turmoil lately and most stocks have fallen sharply. There’s no way nothing would have happened.” 
Melissa went upstairs straightaway and got Nora to come down. She said, “Nora, show Mrs. Levin over there the stock that you bought!” 
Nora, who was about to go to bed but was instead summoned downstairs for some reason: ? 
She yawned and lazily took out her cell phone. She opened the stock trading app and went to the section listing the stocks in her possession. 
Mrs. Levin mocked, “What? Is she really in luck and didn’t lose any money?” 
Practically right after she said that, she saw the profits section on the cell phone. 
The stocks that she had invested $300,000 into had already risen to $1,500,000. 
Profit: $1,200,000
And this was just after a few days! 
Mrs. Levin’s eyes widened big and round as she stared at the screen in disbelief. 
When she confirmed that she really wasn’t seeing things, she clenched her fists. Nevertheless, she still sneered, “So what even if you’ve made a million dollars? You were just lucky. Can you beat the Sonnets’ investment in real estate?! How shortsighted of you!” 
Practically right after she said that, a report suddenly appeared in the financial news!
###Chapter 126: Making Mrs. Levin Eat Her Words!
Chapter 126: Making Mrs. Levin Eat Her Words! 
Simon had never been someone good at arguing. He had found Mrs. Levin very noisy when she came in, so he had turned up the TV’s volume and made it very loud. 
The financial news channel was currently reporting the latest news: “… new regulations have been announced… to control housing prices… inelastic housing prices…” 
These phrases made their way faintly into the few people’s ears. 
Everyone’s heads turned as one toward the TV and they watched the news report seriously. However, all they caught was just the last few words: “… brought to you by this channel.” 
Mrs. Levin was dumbfounded. “What did they say just now?” 
Although Melissa had already known about it a long time ago, she was nevertheless still a little surprised when she actually heard the announcement. 
. 
Why had the policy been announced so quickly? 
By right, word would always vaguely get out prior to any announcements. However, they hadn’t heard anything at all this time. 
As expected of the man at the top of the world, indeed. To think Justin had actually received the news so early! 
However, this was no time for her to be shocked. Melissa looked at Mrs. Levin and smiled. “Didn’t you hear just now? They are going to control housing prices now! The real estate industry is not going to be
lucrative anymore…” 
Mrs. Levin’s eyes widened in horror. 
Melissa’s lip corners curled upward. 
“Sigh, Nora is such a lucky star. If she hadn’t kicked up a fuss and stopped us from investing, I might have just invested $3,000,000 into it! Speaking of which, it’s also thanks to the fuss that Nora kicked up, that my elder brother didn’t invest in real estate!” 
She put on a show of gratitude and held Nora’s hand. She said, “Nora, come to think of it, it’s rather strange but the Andersons have really received a new lease of life and been revitalized ever since you came! No matter what we encounter, everything always turned out fine in the end. You’re really a lucky star! It’s your future husband’s honor to be able to marry you!” 
Mrs. Levin felt like she had been given a tight slap across the cheek when she thought of how she had called Nora a jinx just now. 
Although wealthy families weren’t superstitious, they did believe in destiny. For example, some people brought luck to their husbands, some people brought luck to their wives; some people were lucky, and some people were unlucky… 
Because of Miranda, everyone in the circle now knew about the incident. Originally, everyone had been calling Nora a jinx who brought chaos to the family the moment she came, but Melissa’s statement had completely reversed the situation now. 
After deliberately saying that, Melissa raised her chin and looked at Mrs. Levin. She feigned surprise and exclaimed, “Eh? Why are you still here, Mrs. Levin?” 
Mrs. Levin, “!”
Her visit to propose marriage today was actually a deliberate move by Jon and herself. 
Otherwise, with the way she had gone about it, what was the difference between that and asking for a fight? 
Jon’s intention was to have her utterly demean Nora so that the Andersons would take the initiative to offer the Carefree Pill as a wedding gift when they got married later. 
Although he had envisioned a lot of different scenarios, he hadn’t seen this coming at all! 
Mrs. Levin left with her tail in between her legs, following which she called Jon and explained the situation. After thinking about it carefully, Jon actually felt that Melissa was right. 
Wasn’t it exactly after she had returned that the Andersons produced the Carefree Pill? 
The Andersons had originally already been completely suppressed in the pharmaceutical industry, but thanks to the Carefree Pill, they were gradually expanding now! 
If they could get Ms. Smith to marry into the Myerses, they might just prosper, too! 
With that in mind, he looked at Winston and said to Mrs. Levin over the phone, “How about this? Pay them another visit and…” 
At the Andersons. 
Melissa had deliberately painted Nora as a lucky star, thereby adding another bargaining chip for her in her marital prospects. 
Although Nora saw through it, she didn’t say anything.
She didn’t have any intentions of finding a husband anyway. After all, how could finding a stinky man compare to sleeping? 
She stretched and went upstairs nonchalantly. 
By the time she went up, Mrs. Levin had returned. 
However, Melissa didn’t let her in this time. She had on an elegant dress and her delicate visage was full of pride as she said, “Mrs. Levin, I’m sure you must be very clear on how we feel about this by now. Please leave!” 
Mrs. Levin smiled sheepishly and said, “Mrs. Anderson, that’s not what I mean. The Myerses are actually very sincere in their proposal. It was me who misunderstood them, so please don’t hold it against them.” 
Melissa cast her eyes down and said, “I have nothing to blame them for. It’s Nora’s honor to have so many suitors. It’s just a shame that she and Mr. Myers are not meant to be.” 
Mrs. Levin’s lip corners spasmed. 
Cultured people sure have a way of speaking. She had turned the way she came over to provoke them into her paying them a visit to ask for Nora’s hand in marriage instead. With that, once news of the incident today spread, they would be adding a lovely story to Nora’s name instead. 
She gave her an embarrassed smile and said, “Mrs. Anderson, I’m just here to relay a message for the Myerses. Mr. Myers fell in love at first sight with Ms. Smith. I was in the wrong just now. The Myerses would like a chance to talk face-to-face with Ms. Smith. After all, what if the two youngsters hit it off, right?” 
Melissa raised her eyebrows and replied, “I’m afraid Nora doesn’t have time for that.”
“Why wouldn’t she? It doesn’t hurt to make a bit of time to meet, after all. How about this? We’ll set the meet at Club Prism tomorrow. Mr. Myers has already said to be there or be square!” 
Fearing that Melissa would refuse, Mrs. Levin left immediately after saying that. 
After she left, Simon looked at Melissa. “Is Nora going to meet him?” 
“What for?” Melissa said, “Is a wastrel who only knows how to have fun worthy of Nora? No, she’s not going!” 
After speaking, she entered the house and instructed Simon, “Let’s not tell Nora about this.” 
Simon also nodded. “Yeah, okay.” 
Winston’s reputation in the circle was simply too horrible. Who would want to meet him? 
— 
The next day, Nora got out of bed lazily at 7:40 sharp in the morning. After brushing her teeth, she put on a baseball cap and drove her kid to school. 
Pete was sitting in the back seat. The little fellow was wearing the school uniform dress. He was pulling a long face and looked very displeased. “Mommy, why do I have to go to school?” 
Nora yawned. As she looked ahead, she replied casually, “Because Cherry will be exposed if you don’t. Be good and wait a couple of days, Pete. We’ll switch you guys back when Cherry goes to the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Pete sighed helplessly. “… Fine.”
After sending Pete to school, she went home and slept until the afternoon. After lunch, she drove to Club Prism. 
It wouldn’t do to keep hiding the twins like this either. 
Cherry was such an active child. It was just a matter of time before Justin would discover it. Therefore, while Justin hadn’t realized anything, she’d best just talk to him more, have him clarify what had happened back then, and resolve the misunderstanding! 
When she arrived at Club Prism, she stretched and handed the car to the parking valet. Then, she walked into the club lazily. 
Five minutes after she entered, another car stopped at the entrance. 
Justin got out of the car with Cherry in his arms and entered Club Prism. 
As soon as he entered, he noticed the romantic decorations in the hallway… Was someone proposing? 
How tacky.
###Chapter 127: Forcing Her To Marry?
Chapter 127: Forcing Her To Marry? 
As soon as Nora entered the dining hall, someone came forward and asked respectfully, “Are you Ms. Smith?” 
Nora nodded casually. 
The man immediately said, “Please come with me.” 
Nora, “?” 
Did Justin need to go to such extents just to arrange a private room for them to have a chat? 
The puzzled woman followed behind the service staff. After taking a couple of steps forward, she discovered that a red carpet had been laid out on the ground and there were a lot of balloons and flowers on both sides. It looked very romantic at first glance. 
People around them were already gesturing at them. 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed.. She asked, “Is this a mistake?” 
The waiter looked down at the business card in his hand. “Are you Ms. Nora Smith?” 
“Yes.” 
“That’s correct, then.” The waiter smiled and said, “Please come with me.” 
Nora, “?” 
She followed the service staff hesitantly and asked, “What’s going on?” 
The service staff replied, “Someone has prepared a surprise for you, but I can’t tell you what it is yet.”
Justin had prepared a surprise? 
Nora’s first reaction was to wonder if the man had gone crazy again. 
Then, she suddenly realized that she was actually looking forward to the surprise somewhat. 
Nora reached the other end of the hallway while her thoughts were still running wild. The moment she turned the corner, she saw someone standing there with a bouquet of flowers in his hands. 
The man was dressed in a suit and looked pretty handsome. He came right up to her, got down on one knee, and said, “Ms. Smith, please marry me!” 
Question marks appeared all over Nora’s head at once:  
What was going on? 
Winston’s disreputable buddies stood on either side of him. Tina was also standing at the back of the crowd. Everyone was clapping as they shouted, “Marry him! Marry him!” 
The noise made the people around them look over. Everyone stopped, gathered around them, and clamored along, “Marry him!” 
Nora instantly became even more confused! 
She took a step back and asked with a frown, “Did you get the wrong person?” 
A smiling Winston replied, “Ms. Nora Smith, you’re so humorous… You’ve been on my mind ever since the moment I saw you dancing. Your graceful bearing has been etched deeply in my mind. Before meeting you, I’d never believed in love at first sight, but you’ve made me understand the meaning of this phrase now. Doesn’t the fact that you’re here indicative of how you feel?” 
His words became mushier and mushier as he spoke, causing Nora’s brows to draw together.
She took another step back. “I’m here to meet someone.” 
“Yes, I, Winston Myers, am exactly who you’re looking for!” 
Winston offered her the bouquet again. “Beautiful flowers for a beautiful lady… What a perfect match!” 
Nora, “!” 
She frowned and said, “Sorry, I really don’t know who you are. I have something on, so please let me through.” 
Everyone, “?” 
In the midst of the audience’s puzzlement, Winston frowned and said, “Ms. Smith, surely you’re going too far? I already asked someone to go to your house to discuss our marriage yesterday, and also said that I’ll be waiting and proposing to you here.” 
He grabbed Nora’s shoulder. “How can you possibly not know who I am when you’re already here?!” 
Unfortunately, before he could touch Nora, her delicate and slender fingers had already tightened around his wrist. With a light pull, she threw Winston over her shoulder and he fell onto the ground! 
Winston, “!” 
He had never been one to take the short end of the stick from others. Upon being thrown to the ground in front of everyone, he became embarrassed and angry. He got up and snapped, “What are you doing?” 
Tina also walked out from behind the crowd at this point. She frowned and chastised, “Ms. Smith, even if you don’t think Mr. Myers is good enough for you, you shouldn’t humiliate him like that!” 
“I’m not good enough for her?” Winston was infuriated. Tina always knew how to hit a raw nerve for him. He stretched out his finger and pointed at Nora in the face while saying, “I’m not good enough for you? It’s more like you’re not good enough for me! What makes you, a woman saddled with a child, think you’re too good for me?” 
“Exactly…” 
The people around them were all Winston’s friends, so they were all speaking up for him. 
“What right does someone who grew up elsewhere have to look down on people like us who grew up in New York?” 
“Mr. Myers is a native New Yorker! He has a lot of connections in New York!” 
“I heard that she got herself pregnant before marriage…. If it wasn’t for that pretty face of hers, and for her reputation as a lucky star or whatnot, would anyone even approach them to ask for her hand in marriage?” 
“Exactly. If you think even Mr. Myers is not good enough for you, then who do you think is good enough? Surely you’re not dreaming of Joel Smith or Justin Hunt, right? They’re way out of your league!” 
“…” 
Everyone started to pass comments, but what they said was very annoying and tiresome to Nora. 
She looked at the people in front of her mockingly and clicked her tongue in annoyance and said dispassionately, “Did the New York Center open their doors and let all of you out?” 
Her words made everyone fall silent for a moment. 
But right after, a furor went through the crowd!
The New York Center’s full name was the New York Psychiatric Center. As the name indicated, it was a hospital that specialized in mental illnesses. Patients who couldn’t recover were typically kept there, which made it more or less the same as keeping them under surveillance. 
In other words, Nora was mocking everyone and calling them lunatics! 
“Do you really need to say such mean things, Ms. Smith?” Tina sighed and said, “Your previous engagement has already been annulled, so you should stop being so choosy. It’s your blessing to be able to marry Mr. Myers.” 
Someone next to her asked curiously, “Her previous engagement was annulled? By who?” 
Tina said pretentiously, “This concerns Ms. Smith’s privacy, after all, so I…” 
“Just say it!” 
Tina finally replied, “It’s the Grays…” 
“The Grays? Which? Why haven’t I heard of them before? Are there any powerful Grays in New York?” 
“I don’t think so…” 
Tina waved and said, “The Grays aren’t from New York; they’re from California. As all of you know, Ms. Smith grew up outside of New York, away from the Andersons. I heard that her father is just a small businessman… I guess the Grays can also be considered a wealthy family over there?” 
While the Grays were considered pretty impressive in California, they were completely not up to par in New York. 
Everyone suddenly burst into laughter. “It can’t get any more embarrassing to have your engagement annulled by nobodies like the Grays.”
“Given what she’s like, who else would want someone like her?” 
“…” 
At the entrance. 
When Justin walked in with Cherry and saw the flowers and the red carpet on the ground, his lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. 
Then, he overheard the service staff members walking by him say, “… I heard that it’s a Ms. Smith who prepared all these. She’s intending to propose to someone…” 
Justin suddenly froze when he heard this. 
A Ms. Smith had prepared all these? 
There shouldn’t be that many people with the last name Smith here today, right? Was she intending to propose to him? 
His heart suddenly started to race, and he even straightened his back and neatened his clothes. Surely Ms. Smith won’t say something like ‘Since we already have children, let’s just marry and give them a complete home’ later, right? 
Heh. 
Suddenly, the red carpet and flowers didn’t seem so tacky anymore. They looked pretty nice. 
With that in mind, he quickened his pace.
###Chapter 128: Mommy Likes Little Puppies~
Chapter 128: Mommy Likes Little Puppies~ 
Even though Cherry, who was in Justin’s arms, had been forced to go through a ‘sharing session of love’ known as a Mathematical Olympiad lesson the previous night, she was nevertheless still very excited that she could openly skip class today. 
Her big round eyes swiveled as she looked about. In her young and tender voice, she asked, “Did Mommy prepare these for you, Daddy?” 
Justin replied, “… Yeah, I think so.” 
He coughed and asked, “If Ms. Smith proposes to me later, should I accept or reject her?” 
Cherry, “?” 
She stared at her stinky daddy with question marks all over her head, thinking that he must have left his IQ at home today. 
Why would Mommy possibly do something as pointless as this? 
If she had the time to set up all these, she’d definitely rather sleep in a little longer instead! 
Cherry’s lip corners spasmed as she replied, “You’re imagining things, Daddy.” 
. 
When the service staff who passed by them finished speaking, the other service staff corrected her and said, “Ms. Smith isn’t the one who prepared it. It’s someone else who prepared it because he’s planning to propose to her! You’ve got it the other way!” 
Unfortunately, Justin The Narcissist didn’t hear that.
When he passed by a corner, he suddenly heard a commotion in front. Then, he saw the woman surrounded by a group of people. 
Amidst all the mockery and ridiculing thrown at her, even though she had a lazy look on her face, her back was straight as if a lofty tree on a cliff. 
Justin frowned. Just as he was about to go forward… 
“Who says no one wants Ms. Smith?” 
Suddenly, a gentle and sultry male voice rang throughout the place. 
Nora looked behind her suddenly and saw a man dressed in a light gray suit standing a short distance away. 
He had exquisite features and deep but warm eyes. His lips were thin and he had a sharp nose. 
He exuded a warm and comfortable aura like that of a spring breeze. As though a prince stepping right out of a fairytale, he took step after step toward Nora until he came up to her. 
He stood shoulder to shoulder with Nora and said in a clear and pleasant voice, “This is the marriage agreement between Ms. Smith and the Grays. With this, why would anyone say that the engagement has been annulled?” 
Everyone, “?” 
Even Tina was dumbfounded. 
“Who are you?” She asked. 
The corners of the man’s lips curled upward into a small smile as he replied, “I’m Caleb Gray.”
He looked down at Nora. The man’s eyelashes were very long and he had a bit of a melancholic look in his eyes. He gave off a polite and down-to-earth air. He said, “Ms. Smith, I’m Anthony’s uncle.” 
Nora became even more confused. 
What did Anthony Gray’s uncle have anything to do with her? 
Then, she heard Caleb say in his gentle and mellow voice, “There are only two men in the Grays who are not married yet—Anthony and me. Originally, going by our ages, Anthony is a more suitable match for you—after all, I’m four years older than you. But since he’s blind and cannot recognize a treasure for what it’s worth, I shall fulfill the marriage agreement instead. This is the agreement; you can have a look at it.” 
Caleb took out the marriage agreement that Nora’s mother had written when the two families had agreed on the children’s future marriage and showed it to her. 
She had once owned a copy of the marriage agreement too. 
However, she had torn it up when she returned to the States and broken off the engagement. She’d thought that Anthony would also do the same, but they had actually kept it? 
She looked at the contents of the agreement next. 
It was clearly stated on the Smiths’ end that this was Nora’s marriage agreement. 
However, on the Grays’ end, what it stated was indeed just ‘a man of suitable age’! 
In other words, it didn’t necessarily have to be Anthony! 
Nora’s brows knitted together. The sudden appearance of a fiancé really was very troublesome…
But here came the question again—why were the Grays so insistent on fulfilling the marriage agreement with her? It wasn’t enough that Anthony left, so they were sending Caleb here now? 
Moreover, Caleb was obviously much more reliable than that idiotic Anthony. 
While Nora was preoccupied with these, Tina, who was standing in the distance, breathed a sigh of relief! 
It was exactly because she was afraid that Nora and Justin would be entangled with each other that she had incited Winston to court Nora in the first place. However, if she had a fiancé… Wouldn’t that be great? 
Wasn’t her fiancé a little too good-looking though? 
Not only did he seem gentle, considerate, and elegant, but his eyes were also deep and innocent. It made one wish to care for and protect him, and also made them not have the heart to betray him… 
Tina couldn’t help but ask, “Mr. Gray, are you aware that she has a child?” 
“I am.” Caleb said unhurriedly, “For Nora’s sake, I am willing to accept her and love her like my own. Everything is fine as long as Nora doesn’t resent us for breaking off the engagement in the beginning.” 
Everyone, “!!” 
Not only was the man handsome, but he was also deeply in love with Nora! 
Caleb looked straight at Winston after he spoke. He said, “So, is this gentleman here still going to force my fiancée to marry him?” 
The word ‘force’ made Winston look a little embarrassed.
However, Club Prism was an establishment run by the Imperial Corporation, so no one dared to make any trouble. 
Winston let out a cold snort. Although he was rather displeased, he nevertheless turned, gave a wave, and left with his tail in between his legs, together with his friends. 
After they left, Caleb suggested, “Why don’t we find somewhere to have a good chat, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora certainly needed to have a good chat with him—about how they should call off the marriage agreement. 
With that in mind, a troubled Nora nodded. 
In the distance. 
Justin was already pulling a long face. 
He looked at his daughter in his arms, hoping that she would put in a good word for him. However, he instead saw a starry-eyed Cherry staring at Caleb. With a look of infatuation all over her face, she said, “Daddy, that young mister over there is so handsome!” 
Justin, “?” 
He asked solemnly, “You like him?” 
Cherry nodded. “Uh-huh! His eyelashes are so long! Also, Mommy likes people who are like obedient little puppies!” 
“…” 
He suddenly felt an urge to throw the little fellow down!
But what could he do? 
Since she was his daughter, he could only pamper and dote on her. 
He took a deep breath and suddenly strode forward. 
Nora was about to find somewhere to ask Caleb about the marriage agreement when she turned and saw Justin walking over with Cherry in his arms. 
She immediately stood still and called out, “Mr. Hunt?” 
Then, she looked at her daughter in his arms and said, “… Pete?” 
Cherry, “…” 
Justin cast his eyes down and asked, “Ms. Smith, don’t you want to know why I hate my son’s mother so much?” 
Nora, “” 
Caleb looked relatively innocent. The Grays were also not as powerful as the Hunts. However, even as he stood in front of Justin who had let loose all of his imposing aura, he surprisingly didn’t seem outshone. 
He lowered his gaze and said gently, “You can go about your matters first if you’re busy, Ms. Smith. I can go to the Andersons and discuss the details of the marriage agreement with Mrs. Anderson instead. You’re already an adult, so it’s time that we get married soon.” 
Nora, “!!!” 
She looked at Justin and then at Caleb.
The bold and resolute woman quickly made a decision. “Mr. Gray, please wait a moment for me.” 
Then, she looked at Justin and said, “Mr. Hunt, let’s talk first!” 
The children always came first!
###Chapter 129: The Truth Behind What Happened Back Then
Chapter 129: The Truth Behind What Happened Back Then 
Seeing that Nora had chosen him, Justin secretly breathed a sigh of relief. 
He looked at Caleb and suddenly said, “It’s going to be a long talk. How about you rest somewhere, Mr. Gray?” 
Caleb glanced at Nora with his deep and slightly melancholic eyes. Then, he cast his eyes down and sat on a random chair in the hallway. “No, it’s fine. I’ll wait for her here.” 
Justin, “…” 
How were they supposed to calm down and have a good chat with him waiting here? 
Unfortunately for him, Nora found it a good idea to make everything clear today, so she nodded and said, “Okay.” 
Then, she entered the private room with Justin.. 
Club Prism was the best club in New York. 
A lot of people chose Club Prism for their business talks, and the soundproofing in the rooms was also very good. The noise outside was shut out after they entered the private room. 
Nora sat on the sofa in the private room and looked at Justin. She said, “Mr. Hunt, you—” 
Before she could finish though, Justin frowned and asked, “Shouldn’t you explain the marriage agreement first, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora was taken aback. “What?”
Justin lowered his gaze. His earlobes were a bit red, but he nevertheless bit the bullet and said, “Considering how invested you are in my affairs, you must be interested in me, right? In that case, I can’t just allow the woman, whom I’m giving a chance to, to two-time me.” 
Nora, “?” 
She was about to refute him when Justin spoke again. He said, “Ms. Smith made frequent contact with my son when we were in California. After coming to New York, you also kept trying to approach me and ask about my affairs. All of these are what I think it is, right? After all, apart from that, there shouldn’t be any other reason, right?” 
Nora, “!!!!” 
She had already known a long time ago that Justin was a narcissist who thought that every woman who approached him was in love with him. However, he felt different to her today. 
It was as if he was presenting facts to her and reasoning with her so that he could convince her that her actions were indeed sending the message that she was in love with him? 
Nora frowned. 
She thought back carefully to all the recent events. Assuming that he didn’t know that his son was also hers, her recent actions were indeed rather inappropriate. 
She had paid too much attention to him. 
Besides, if she denied it now, wouldn’t it seem a bit too strange? 
Nora didn’t speak for a while. 
Justin stared at her with his dark eyes.
He had to seal the case right at the start of the talk. Otherwise, that woman might just run off with that fiancé of hers! 
The beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to sway a little. Justin lowered his gaze and went on. “Silence means consent, Ms. Smith. I was right, wasn’t I?” 
Left with no other choice, Nora, who could only acquiesce to it, replied, “… I suppose so.” 
She glanced at Cherry. 
Cherry also cast a silent glance at her. Sigh, little did she expect that someone like Mommy, who only knew how to sleep, would also have to contribute to the family one day. How rare. 
Seeing how she looked somewhat reluctant, Justin picked up his cell phone and sent Lawrence a text message: ‘Check Caleb Gray’s background.’ 
After sending the message, he put down the phone and spoke seriously. 
“Okay. On account of how you’re in love with me and that I’m also willing to give you an opportunity, I will answer your questions truthfully and tell you everything you want to know. Go ahead, Ms. Smith.” 
“…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed as she stared at him with a speechless look in her eyes. 
The opportunity hadn’t come easy, though, so she immediately asked, “Do you know Pete’s mother, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin looked at her calmly. His dark and bottomless eyes wavered a little before he answered, “No, I don’t.”
Nora was puzzled. “Then why do you hate her so much?” 
Justin clenched his jaw. 
His expression turned somewhat serious as he looked at the coffee table in front of him. To be honest, he had never brought up what happened back then to anyone—because doing that would expose the scars in his heart. However, he knew that it would probably be very difficult for them to acknowledge each other if he didn’t make things clear now. 
With that in mind, he said dispassionately, “On April 7th, five years ago, I received a call. The other party claimed to be my son’s mother. She asked me to prepare 1.5 million dollars for her. If I did as she asked, she would tell me where my son was.” 
1.5 million dollars… 
Nora frowned and asked, “And then?” 
Justin’s voice was very low. “Of course, I didn’t believe her. Apart from one night that I can’t remember anything about, I’ve never touched any woman.” 
Nora’s hand subconsciously balled up into a fist. The anxiety in her heart made her repeat, “And then?” 
Justin, who noticed that her voice was shaking, slowly went on. 
“I hung up after that. Maybe because she realized that she wasn’t going to get any money from me, she straight-up sent me a set of GPS coordinates and said that the child was at that location. If I didn’t go and pick him up, then the child would suffocate to death.” 
‘Suffocate to death’…
Despite knowing full well that Pete was safe and sound, Nora still found herself having difficulties breathing. 
She suddenly thought of what Henry had said when she monitored his cell phone the other time. He said that he had buried the child with his own hands… 
At this point, the look in Justin’s eyes turned cold and he said, “I happened to be passing by California that time. Thinking that it felt a little weird, I made an extra trip. Sure enough, I saw Pete who had been buried in the ground shortly after he was born.” 
Nora stood up abruptly. She clenched her fists tightly, and even her arms were trembling. She asked, “How was he?” 
Justin looked up at her. “He wasn’t breathing anymore at that time.” 
Nora’s eyes widened in horror. 
Justin’s voice was still as low and somber as before. He said, “I dug him out of the ground. His mouth and nose were full of dirt. Luckily, I had brought a family doctor with me that time, so he managed to perform CPR on the baby in time. The doctor said that he had been in the ground for about twenty to thirty minutes… Had we come a few minutes later, it wouldn’t have been possible to save him anymore.” 
His mood also became dreary at this point and a wave of irritability and resentment welled up in him. He said, “Pete was later diagnosed with mild autism. The psychiatrist said that it was caused by the events back then. Even though he doesn’t remember anything, he had felt too insecure during that time.” 
Justin looked straight at Nora when he spoke. 
Pete had been weak and frail ever since he was a baby. Every time he fell sick, Justin’s resentment toward his mother would grow a little. That woman had really disregarded her son’s life just for the sake of money.
How he wished he could kill Pete’s mother. 
However, when he realized that Nora was Pete’s mother, doubts about the events back then started to form in his mind. He looked at Nora and asked, “What’s the matter, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora looked at him. 
After she knew the truth, while her heart ached for Pete, she also breathed a sigh of relief. She finally knew the reason why Justin hated Pete’s mother now, in which case, everything would now be open for discussion! 
She looked straight at Justin and said, “His mother had her difficulties back then!”
###Chapter 130: She’s My Son’s Mother, So You Don’t Have To Bother Yourself Taking Care of Her
Chapter 130: She’s My Son’s Mother, So You Don’t Have To Bother Yourself Taking Care of Her 
The private room was in complete silence. 
With a deep look in his eyes, Justin looked straight at Nora and asked, “What kind of difficulties?” 
Nora couldn’t figure out what the man was thinking, so she felt that she couldn’t tell him everything at once. She had to take it slow. What if that domineering man took the two children away and refused to let her see them anymore after she told him the truth? 
Nora had never been one to do things she wasn’t confident about, especially when her children were involved. She lowered her gaze and said, “All mothers love their children. Maybe someone took the child from her when she had only just given birth? Or maybe she has been looking for the child all these years?” 
Justin’s jaw tightened. He asked, “Then can you tell me how she became pregnant with my child?” 
How she became pregnant? 
How would Nora possibly know?! 
She shook her head. “Even you don’t know how the child came about. Maybe she doesn’t know, either?” 
. 
Nora raised her head. Her almond-shaped eyes were very dark on her deathly pale countenance. However, her eyes glinted with a dark light as she said, “Of course, I’m not trying to make excuses for her. Since she has brought the baby into the world, it is her negligence as a mother that she failed to foresee what came next and failed to protect her child.”
She had spent every day in pain and regret during the past five years. 
Back then, she had immediately contacted her aunt abroad when she discovered that she was pregnant. Her aunt had wanted to come back to the States to take her right away, but because Nora was in the midst of developing a drug, she had been reluctant to leave. Thus, the two of them had agreed that her aunt would only come back for her during her ninth month of pregnancy. 
Cold-hearted people like the Smiths would never help her to raise her children. 
She had envisioned many different scenarios, but she had never expected that she would give birth prematurely. Neither did she expect Henry to be so vicious! How exactly had he brought himself to bury his own grandchild with his own hands? 
After that, she had blamed herself and regretted her actions countless times, but it was all useless and to no avail. 
Justin looked at her. Even though she was expressionless, she gave off an air of pain. He wanted to ask what exactly had happened back then, but he suddenly couldn’t bring himself to ask any more. 
From the way she doted on Pete so excessively, it was obvious that she wasn’t someone who would abandon her son. 
Moreover, she was Anti. Money was pretty much within easy reach for her. There was no way she would be interested in a mere 1.5 million dollars! Therefore, the woman who had called him anonymously that time wasn’t her at all! 
Unfortunately, he had really dug up a baby at the location that the woman had given to him and seen that the baby was on the brink of death. After that, he had also had a DNA paternity test done and verified that the baby was indeed his child. He then tried to trace Pete’s mother’s phone number, but by then, she had already disappeared off the face of the earth. All traces of her had been erased.
At that time, he had thought that the woman must be afraid that he would seek revenge on her. Even though he had never stopped looking for her all these years, he didn’t put much effort into it anymore, either. 
After all, she was Pete’s mother. Was he really supposed to kill her after he found her? 
But now that he thought about it again, how would someone who had the ability to escape his tracking efforts and leave him clueless after calling him possibly lack those 1.5 million dollars? 
Beep. 
In the midst of his thoughts, his cell phone suddenly beeped. It was Lawrence sending him information on Caleb. Justin glanced at Nora—she was looking straight ahead blankly as if she was still stuck in her memories. He didn’t bother her and opened the email instead. 
The email contained all of Caleb’s information. 
Name: Caleb Gray 
Age: 29 
Height/Weight: 6’1″, 154 lbs 
Health: Frail and sickly 
Justin frowned when he saw this. 
No wonder he wasn’t married yet despite being 29 years old. It was probably his ‘frail and sickly’ constitution that was holding him back. 
He continued to read on. The further he read, the more grave his expression became. 
Lawrence didn’t dare to give him any subjective assumptions, so everything he sent was information that he had found during his investigation. 
The Grays in California first made their fortune in Canada, but Caleb’s father had returned to the States with his eldest brother 25 years ago and settled down in California. 
Afterward, the Grays and Nora’s mother, Yvette Anderson, were in frequent contact, so they decided to let their children marry each other. 
As far as the Grays were concerned, as the second son, Caleb had never been involved with the Grays’ domestic businesses and had grown up abroad the whole time as if he had been exiled. 
He was very smart. He enrolled into college at the age of twelve, did his doctorate studies at fifteen, and became a pharmacist after that. However, he gave up being a pharmacist very quickly. One could say that he had left the industry to become a businessman. 
His return to the States this time was because he had fallen out with the Grays in California. He planned to open a pharmaceutical factory in New York. 
There didn’t seem to be any problems with his life history, and he seemed very much like an unfavored second son of the family. The strange thing here, however, was that the Grays made overseas phone calls almost every other day. 
Lawrence actually couldn’t find out where they were calling. 
However, ever since Caleb returned to the States, the Grays had stopped making overseas phone calls. 
In addition, the Grays’ very first business asset in California had also been a pharmaceutical factory. However, none of the other Grays had ever done anything related to medicine!
Something was definitely wrong here. 
Nora had recovered while Justin was thinking. She glanced at Cherry again and asked with a smile, “Cherry… Pit, you’ll be going to the Quinn School of Martial Arts tomorrow, right?” 
She would be able to switch the children back once she was there. 
After all, the little fellow had classes to attend! 
Cherry’s big cute eyes blinked and she nodded. “Uh-huh!” 
But as soon as she said that, Justin said, “We’re taking a day off tomorrow, so he won’t be going over.” 
Cherry and Nora, “” 
Both of them looked at Justin, only to see him say without batting an eyelid, “I have to go to the main house tomorrow, so I’ll be taking Pete there.” 
He hadn’t spent enough time with his daughter yet. How could he let them switch back? 
Once he sent Cherry to the Quinn School of Martial Arts, she wouldn’t be coming back anymore! 
Justin had already figured it out. He would take Cherry to the main house the next day and stay there for a few days. This way, Grandma and Mom would be able to spend some time with her. At the same time, he would also renovate the villa and set up a room for his daughter! 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “When will Pete be going to the Quinn School of Martial Arts, then?” 
Justin glanced at her and said with a smile, “Next month, I suppose.” 
“…”
Nora gave Cherry a look that screamed “You’re on your own”. Then, she stood and said, “Okay. In that case, that’s it for our chat today, Mr. Hunt!” 
She walked to the door. As soon as she opened it, she saw Caleb standing nearby. His melancholic eyes looked over the moment the door opened. “Since the two of you are done with your talk, is it our turn now, Ms. Smith?” 
Before Nora even said anything, Justin said, “You can just talk in this private room.” 
It was just as well that Nora couldn’t be bothered to go somewhere else, either. Besides, the private room had likely already been paid for, so she nodded and said, “Okay, that works.” 
However, when Caleb entered the private room, he saw that Justin was still seated inside. 
Caleb was taken aback for a moment. Then, he took a seat gracefully. His thin and moist lips looked rather bewitching on his overly pale face. He was good-looking and his eyes looked terribly innocent. He said, “Ms. Smith, about the marriage agreement…” 
Before he could finish, however, he was interrupted by Justin’s icy words. 
“Mr. Gray, the marriage agreement has been voided. I won’t be troubling you to take care of the mother of my child.” 
Nora, “”
###Chapter 131: Mother And Daughter Meet Each Other
Chapter 131: Mother And Daughter Meet Each Other 
Caleb was also stunned. He looked at Justin in disbelief and then at Nora before he asked hesitantly, “The mother of his child?” 
Nora’s expression turned solemn. 
Had Justin discovered the truth? 
While she was wondering about it, Justin glanced at her and said casually, “Ms. Smith and Pete get along very well. Pete also considers her his Mommy.” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief. So, that was what he meant… That guy could totally scare someone to death with his words. 
Caleb also heaved an obvious sigh of relief. He lowered his gaze and said with a smile, “Mr. Hunt is certainly fond of cracking jokes. Those who didn’t know any better would’ve thought that Ms.. Smith’s child was yours…” 
He was clearly trying to provoke Justin with his words. 
Had Nora’s child not been Justin’s, he would definitely have pulled a long face. However, Justin instead said with a smile, “If I start a family with Ms. Smith, I will definitely treat her daughter like my own.” 
Cherry, who was in his arms, pursed her lips in contempt when she heard what he said. Who was it that deleted her from his Facebook account?! 
Caleb, who didn’t seem to expect that he would say that, was a little stunned. After a brief moment, he looked at Nora and asked, “What about you, Ms. Smith?”
Nora also wanted to reject Caleb. Now that she had a ready excuse, she might as well just use it. 
Thus, she said, “Yes, I’ve been fond of Mr. Hunt for a long time now. Besides, my marriage agreement with the Grays has already been canceled a long time ago in California.” 
There was a melancholic look in Caleb’s eyes. He heaved a heavy sigh and said, “Alright, then. I originally only took out the marriage agreement to help you out of that situation anyway… It’s better to make friends than enemies. Your mother was also good friends with the Grays back then, and I can’t just kick you while you’re down now, either.” 
Then, he added, “But it is ultimately the Grays who did something wrong first. How about this? Let’s take it that I owe you a favor. I will definitely repay it if I have a chance to in the future.” 
Nora had originally thought that Caleb had come all the way to New York with the marriage agreement because of her. Little did she expect that he would let go so easily. 
She immediately felt guilty for harboring such petty thoughts about him just now. She hastily waved and said, “It’s not the Grays’ fault. I was the one who got pregnant before the marriage. It’s understandable that the Grays would want to break off the engagement.” 
Caleb, however, shook his head and said, “You didn’t know how you became pregnant, either. It wasn’t right of the Grays to abandon you under those circumstances. You don’t have to say any more, Ms. Smith. If there’s anything you need my help with in the future, just let me know.” 
“… Okay.” 
Caleb smiled again and said, “I’ll head off first, then.” 
Seeing him turn to leave, Nora called out to him, “Please wait a moment, Mr. Gray.” 
Caleb looked back at her with his clear and gentle eyes.
The way he looked was as if she was a scumbag. 
Nora coughed and said, “Can you rip up the marriage agreement?” 
Caleb smiled and said, “I was originally intending to keep it, but since you’ve asked, I’ll just return it to you.” 
He took out the marriage agreement again and handed it to Nora. “I went to California once when I came back to the States this time. My father had taken out the marriage agreement to burn it up, but I happened to see it, so I kept it instead.” 
Nora examined the marriage agreement—it was identical to the one she had torn up. She balled up the marriage agreement and placed it in her pocket. 
Justin narrowed his eyes when he saw what she did. 
As expected, Anti really was a careful person. She knew that she mustn’t leave any traces of it behind, so she must be planning to destroy it completely at home instead. 
Caleb smiled. 
He had actually arrived at the same conclusion as Justin’s and thought that she was intending to bring it home and destroy it there. 
Cherry, who was in Justin’s arms, was the only one who couldn’t help but face-palm. Mommy was simply too lazy. She wasn’t even willing to spend the energy to tear up the marriage agreement, let alone having to take a few steps to toss it into the trash? 
If she was that free, she would definitely rather sleep for a few more seconds instead.
— 
Elsewhere. 
At the kindergarten. 
Pete went to school in a dress. The other children surrounded him as soon as he entered the classroom. 
“Cherry, your live-stream yesterday was so exciting!” 
“Boss, did you see the virtual gift I sent you? It’s a whole $150,000, you know! I took really long to save that amount of money!” 
“Me too! Me too! I also sent you $15,000!” 
“And me! And me! I also sent you $15,000!” 
“…” 
While everyone was talking, tiny little Mia whispered, “Cherry, I also sent you $150,000!” 
Pete found the others awfully noisy and annoying, but Mia spoke in a timid manner. Her voice was melodious and pleasant to the ear, so he was a little more patient toward her than toward the others. 
He nodded at Mia. Then, he walked toward his seat expressionlessly and coolly, took out his Mathematical Olympiad worksheets, and started working on it. 
Seth was about to come over and talk to Cherry, but as soon as he approached, he noticed that Pete was doing his Mathematical Olympiad assignments. He glanced at it silently and was shocked. 
The problems that Cherry was solving were much more complex than his. On top of that, they were two grades higher!
He looked at Cherry with a complicated look on his face and silently moved away. 
The teachers had also noticed Cherry’s unusual behavior, but given how Mrs. Lowe had abused her the day before, it was normal that she would be down in the dumps today. 
Thus, they sympathized with her very much and gave her extra meat during mealtime! They also removed all the vegetables that she didn’t like. 
Pete, who had never experienced such warmth from others, fell silent. 
He looked at the kindergarten with his cool and distant eyes, feeling as if something had been set free in his heart. 
A small hand grabbed his at this point. Right after that, Mia’s timid voice reached him. “Are you a boy today, Cherry?” 
Pete was taken aback. He asked, “How did you know that?” 
Mia, who was a little embarrassed, replied, “It’s because you’re always very lively and never quiet when you’re a girl. But when you’re a boy, that’s when I can get an opportunity to talk to you~” 
Pete, “…” 
While he was in a daze, Mia suddenly came near, leaned into his ear, and said, “Don’t be scared, Cherry. Daddy told me that they’re gonna change our dance teacher. It seems like something has happened to the Lowes. Did you notice? Sinead the Doggy isn’t even in school today.” 
Pete, “?” 
Was Cherry very scared of the dance teacher? 
It was really ticklish how the girl was leaning into his ear to speak, though.
While the two were talking, Ms. Lynn came in with a woman. She said, “This is our new dance teacher~ Her name is Tanya Turner, and she’s even more famous than Mrs. Lowe. She’ll be teaching everyone how to dance in the future! Please clap for her, everyone!” 
Pete applauded with the rest of the children. 
Soon, it was time for dance lessons. When Tanya was teaching the children how to dance, she noticed a small and petite child who had a look of envy on her face outside the classroom. 
For some reason, even though there were so many children in the kindergarten, Tanya found this child especially heartwarming at first sight. 
She walked over to her and squatted down. Just as she was about to speak, Mia suddenly closed her eyes and fainted!
###Chapter 132: Mommy, Don’t Leave Me…
Chapter 132: Mommy, Don’t Leave Me… 
“Hey? Hey!” 
The kindergarten fell into chaos. Tanya picked up Mia and ran straight to the school doctor’s office. She called out to Mia as she ran, but the girl didn’t react. 
Tanya felt as if her heart had stopped beating. 
For some reason, the little life in her arms made her feel like crying, but she didn’t dare to think too much about it. When she reached the school doctor’s office, upon examining Mia, the school doctor found out that she was having an allergic reaction, so they rushed her to the hospital immediately. 
As Tanya was the first to find out that she had fainted, she had to follow them to the hospital so that she could explain the situation to the doctor. Thus, she went along with them. 
They went to the A&E department. The doctor turned to Tanya with a frown after he examined Mia and reprimanded her. He said, “This child has a mango allergy.. As her mother, how can you be so negligent?” 
Tanya was taken aback. 
Her colleague, the school doctor, standing next to her wanted to explain, but the doctor was too busy. He snapped, “Why are you still prattling on here? Hurry and put her on an IV drip! Mango allergies are no joke!” 
The school doctor panicked when he heard that it was a serious condition. 
Mia was the very life of the head of the Smiths. Should anything happen to her in school, they would be in trouble! 
After the doctor prescribed Mia some medicine, the nurse took them to the room next door and hooked the girl up on an IV drip. As the hospital was overloaded, there weren’t any beds available. Tanya had no choice but to put her on her lap and hold her while they sat in the room. 
It was relatively cold in New York at the moment. On top of that, little Mia was also very weak right now. The IV fluids entered her body through the needle in her hand, making her little hands icy-cold. 
Tanya held her little hands and warmed her with her own. 
Ms. Lynn, who had also come with them, paced back and forth with her eyes red. She kept blaming herself as she paced about. 
“It’s all my fault for not keeping an eye on Mia. But there really aren’t any mangoes in our school. Where exactly did Mia get it from?” 
The school doctor also had a very troubled look on his face while Ms. Lynn was talking to herself. 
Tanya looked down at the girl. 
She was also allergic to mangoes. She didn’t expect the two of them to be connected in such a way… 
Urgent footsteps suddenly came toward them at this point. From the sound of it, there were two people walking over. The next moment, a man and a woman appeared at the door. 
Tanya looked up. She hadn’t even seen anyone when Ms. Lynn said, “I’m really very sorry, Mr. Smith. It’s all because we didn’t take care of Mia well enough. She ate some mangoes…” 
Mr. Smith?
Tanya was taken aback. Then, she heard a mellow and gentle voice that sounded a little cold at the moment. 
“How is Mia?” 
Tanya felt as if her heart had stopped beating. Her head whipped to the side, and a familiar figure that had appeared in her dreams countless times over the years entered her sight. 
Joel didn’t seem to have changed at all during these last few years. 
He merely looked a little more mature and steady than the young lad he had been back then. His attractive upturned eyes were fixed on Mia right after he entered the room. Seemingly because he finally saw that she was breathing evenly, he let out a sigh of relief. 
A moment later, he finally noticed something and his gaze slowly shifted to Tanya. 
Tanya held her breath when he looked at her. She felt as if all the air in her lungs had disappeared and her chest felt awfully tight. 
She looked away at once, not daring to meet his eyes. 
Joel, who had originally been walking over anxiously, finally stopped in his tracks at the door. His eyes widened in shock and a layer of frost suddenly formed over his usually mild countenance. 
A cold and heavy atmosphere filled the room. 
This continued until the doctor came over to take a look at Mia. He stood at the door and said, “Are you the child’s father? What’s wrong with you and your wife? Don’t you know that your daughter is allergic to mangoes? Besides, mangoes aren’t something that’s readily available, either. How can you be so careless?”
‘Child’… 
Was the child that she was holding actually Joel’s? 
Tanya felt as if her mind had gone totally blank. 
She had lost her own child… In fact, she hadn’t even seen her child before. 
Yet he already had a daughter… 
While she was lost in thought, a sharp voice suddenly came from the door. 
“Tanya?! Why are you here? And why are you carrying my daughter?” 
Tanya looked at Hillary and the look on her face turned cold. 
Her daughter… 
So, this meant that the child in her arms was Joel and Hillary’s daughter! 
She lowered her gaze. Just as she was about to speak… 
Hillary rushed in and said, “What are you doing? Why did you tell the doctor that you’re her mother? I’m obviously her mother! Tell me, was it you who fed Mia mangoes?!” 
After speaking, she raised her hand and sent it flying toward Tanya’s cheek! 
Tanya was currently holding Mia. If she let go of her to block the attack, the needle in the girl’s hand would definitely come off. Yet if she didn’t, the slap would land on her cheek! 
Even though she knew that Mia was Hillary’s daughter, Tanya’s first reaction wasn’t to let go of the child but to protect her and keep her safe.
Smack! 
Tanya closed her eyes. However, the slap that she was expecting didn’t hit her. 
Surprised, she opened her eyes. Joel was standing in front of her and holding Hillary by her wrist. His brows drew together and he said, “What are you doing?” 
It was then that Hillary realized that she had lost control of herself for a moment there. 
Her eyes reddened and she immediately hung her head sadly. She said, “Joel, I was just too anxious just now… You should also know that Tanya was misunderstood about me in the past. When I saw that Mia had fallen ill, yet she was holding her… Mia was in kindergarten the whole time. How did Tanya even get near her…” 
Joel let go of Hillary and she took a step back. 
In an extremely cold voice and with an even colder attitude, Tanya said, “Hillary Jones, I was in the kindergarten because I am the dance teacher that they specially hired at short notice!” 
“The dance teacher?” Hillary sneered, “Why did you just have to go to the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten when there are so many other kindergartens in the country? Are you trying to get close to Mia on purpose? What are you trying to do to Joel’s and my daughter?” 
“Joel’s and my daughter”… 
The four words were just like a knife twisting in Tanya’s heart. 
Someone she had considered her sister in the past was now with the man she loved the most…
She took a deep breath and said, “Believe it or not, when I joined the kindergarten—and even just a moment ago—I was completely unaware that Mia is your daughter!” 
“Is that so?” 
Hillary found her claim dubious. However, Joel’s expression darkened even further the moment she said that. She immediately took a step forward and let out a sigh. She said, “Sorry about that, Tanya. I was just too concerned about Mia… But now that we’re here, you don’t have to stay here anymore.” 
She went on and said, “Joel has already transferred Mia to a VIP ward in the hospital, so we won’t be staying here anymore. Please return my daughter to me!” 
She deliberately emphasized the words ‘my daughter’, causing Tanya’s fingers to tighten a little. 
She was right. This was her and Joel’s daughter… 
Tanya stood up carefully. Perhaps because she was reminded of her own child who had gone missing at birth, she actually developed an unwillingness to part with Mia. 
As if she had sensed Tanya’s pain, Hillary’s lip corners curled upward. She reached out, took Mia into her arms, and said, “Thanks for taking care of our daughter, Tanya.” 
But as soon as she said that, Mia’s little hands clutched Tanya’s clothes tightly and she whispered, “Mommy, don’t leave me…”
###Chapter 133: They Resemble Each Other A Little
Chapter 133: They Resemble Each Other A Little 
Her soft whispers caused a jolt to go through Tanya. 
For how many days and nights had those words appeared in her dreams… 
Tanya’s eyes widened and she looked down at Mia. Just as she was about to take a closer look at her face, Hillary stepped forward in a panic. She took Mia’s hand and said, “Mommy’s here, Mia. Here, let Mommy carry you…” 
Tanya froze again, feeling as though her heart had been pricked by something. 
What was she thinking? Mia’s mother was Hillary. She didn’t have anything to do with her. 
Yet, because Mia had fainted, in her daze, she seemed to be convinced that Tanya was her mother. Her little hands clutched the corners of her clothes tightly and refused to let go, seemingly afraid that she would leave. 
A piercing look appeared in Hillary’s eyes at the sight.. She immediately broke into a frown and forcefully unfurled the girl’s fingers straightaway. This made Tanya’s heart ache, and she couldn’t help but grab her wrist. 
“Don’t be so rough…” 
Hillary paused and emphasized once more, “Tanya, she’s my daughter. Please let go.” 
Tanya slowly loosened her grip…
The way Hillary kept repeating ‘my daughter’ over and over made her feel as if there were thorns stabbing into her heart. 
Indeed, what right did she have to question the girl’s mother? Despite her heart aching terribly for the little girl because the pain was causing her to frown even while she was comatose, she couldn’t say a word. 
At this point, Joel stepped forward and grabbed Hillary’s hand forcefully. The usually mild-mannered man commanded sharply, “Let go!” 
Hillary was taken aback. 
Joel pushed her away and looked at Tanya. His lips moved a little. After a long moment of hesitation, he said, “Ms. Turner, Mia has become confused in her sleep. In order to avoid injuring her, can I trouble you to carry her to the VIP ward?” 
‘Ms. Turner’… 
He had called her Ms. Turner. 
Tanya felt like the man was using a voice and a face so familiar to her to say things that sounded so foreign to her… The acerbic and unbearable pain made the look on her face change again and again. At last, she smiled and said, “Sure.” 
After Tanya carried Mia upstairs and left the ward with Joel following nervously behind her, Hillary clenched her fists tightly. A vicious look shot out of her eyes. 
Mia was her only hope of holding Joel down! 
She would never allow anyone to take her away! 
With that in mind, she hurriedly went after them.
In the VIP ward. 
Mia continued to clutch Tanya’s sleeve even after she placed her on the bed. Ms. Lynn and the school doctor softly reminded her, “Remember not to offend Mr. Smith, lest he holds the kindergarten accountable… It’s going to be a little tough on you, but please try your best, Ms. Turner!” 
Since the accident had happened in the kindergarten, it went without saying that the kindergarten had to be held accountable. 
As a substitute teacher, Tanya was also accountable to the kindergarten. 
Therefore, Tanya took a seat by the bed and said, “I’ll wait for Mia to calm down before I leave.” 
Both Ms. Lynn and the school doctor breathed sighs of relief. After that, they made up an excuse and left. After all, the school needed them there. 
After the two of them left, apart from Mia who was on the bed, only three people remained in the ward— Joel, Tanya, and Hillary. 
Tanya stared at Mia in silence. 
Her face was very small and her upturned eyes were closed. Her frail and delicate physique made those who saw her wish only to care for her. She resembled Joel very much, yet had an aura around her that was different from her father’s. 
Tanya had once thought that Joel was so good-looking that were he a woman, he would definitely be a stunning beauty. She had wanted to have a daughter with him. 
… He did have a daughter now, but she wasn’t the one who gave birth to her. 
A lump formed in Tanya’s throat and she lowered her head.
Mia stayed in deep sleep for more than two hours. 
Tanya pressed her hand against her stomach in discomfort. 
She had been in the hospital since the morning and hadn’t had anything to eat yet… Originally, going hungry for a meal or two shouldn’t have been a big deal, but because she had been dancing since she was a child, in order to maintain her figure, she didn’t eat much at each meal. As a result, she was prone to suffering from gastritis and needed to eat on time. 
Joel suddenly stood up and went out without saying anything. 
Hillary suddenly said, “I misunderstood you, Tanya. I’m really sorry.” 
Tanya, who had always been a lively and feisty woman, stared out the window. 
“It’s okay.” 
Hillary breathed a sigh of relief. She said, “Mia is the daughter I had with Joel. She has always been in poor health ever since she was a baby, so Joel dotes on her very much. I don’t even know if she can be discharged today. She loves sleeping together with her dad and me the most… Sigh!” 
‘Sleeping together’… So, they are already living together… 
Well, that made sense. They’ve already had a child together, and five years had also passed in the blink of an eye. The two of them should be married by now, right? 
She suddenly thought of how Joel barely moved whenever he was asleep, whereas her limbs were everywhere when she was asleep. Every time she woke up, she would see Joel looking at her with a look of resignation on his face. She remembered that one time when she had opened her eyes and seen
Joel with a black eye. She had received a huge shock at that time. Later, she learned that it was because she had hit him in her sleep. 
At that time, Tanya had said jokingly, “Let’s buy a bed that’s ten feet by ten feet in the future. This way, it’ll be fine no matter how we roll about on the bed!” 
However, Joel had hugged her tightly and said, “No, it’s fine. I’ll hold your arms and legs down instead, lest you accidentally hurt our future children…” 
Tanya lowered her eyes and forcibly suppressed all the memories buried deep inside her. 
The door opened at this point. 
Joel walked in. In his hands were two roast beef sandwiches, Tanya’s favorite. 
Waves rippled through the depths of Tanya’s heart when she noticed the sandwiches. 
Were they for her? 
But when Joel slowly walked toward the two women, Hillary suddenly reached out and took one. She said, “Thanks, Joel! We haven’t had lunch yet, so I was indeed hungry!” 
Joel was taken aback. 
However, Hillary had already grabbed the sandwich and opened the packaging on the sofa next to him. Then, she looked at Tanya apologetically and said, “Sorry, Ms. Turner. Joel only bought two, so he didn’t buy you any…” 
Joel looked at Tanya subconsciously—the woman’s head was lowered and she had a calm expression on her face. Her hand, that Mia wasn’t holding, was pressed against her stomach, but she instead said, “I’m not hungry.” 
Joel cast his eyes down. Suddenly, he walked over to Hillary, took the sandwich from her, and said coldly, “I made a mistake. There are pickles in this, but you don’t eat them. Since Mia doesn’t need you here, you can go back home for now.” 
Hillary, “?” 
She raised her head. She was about to say ‘But I love pickles’ when she made eye contact with Joel’s dark eyes, which frightened her so badly that she swallowed the words back down. 
Even though she was reluctant to, she didn’t dare to disobey Joel. She stood up and said, “Okay. I’ll come back tonight, then.” 
After she left, Joel handed Tanya a sandwich. 
Tanya stared at the sandwich and said, “I don’t eat pickles.” 
Although Joel had a mild expression on his face, the look in his eyes was cold. He placed the sandwich on the cabinet next to her and said, “You can toss it if you don’t want to eat it.” 
Tanya, “…” 
At this point, a doctor making the rounds entered the ward. He apologized and said, “My apologies, Mr. Smith. I heard that one of our doctors mistook someone else for the child’s mother… We didn’t mean it. It’s just that your daughter somewhat resembles Ms. Turner, so…”
###Chapter 135: They’re Getting Married?
Chapter 135: They’re Getting Married? 
Cherry, whose arms were around her father’s neck, stared at Joel with her big round eyes. 
Mm, that young mister there was really handsome, too! But why was the way he looked at her a little strange? 
Joel was utterly stunned. 
He didn’t expect to meet that child again when they had only just separated… Also, he was Justin’s son? 
Joel had known for a long time that Justin had a son. He kept him very well-protected and seldom gave outsiders a chance to see him. If it weren’t because the two of them had a business deal to discuss today, he probably wouldn’t have seen what the Hunts’ crown prince looked like for a long time to come! 
But… Tanya had actually married Justin? 
Joel’s position as the head of the Smiths was well-deserved. Even though he was extremely shocked, he quickly kept his emotions in check and started talking with Justin about their upcoming partnership. 
Half an hour later, the two men finished the work discussion. 
Justin was in a hurry to go home so that his daughter could hold her live-stream, but when he saw that Joel had remained seated, he frowned and asked, “Is there anything else you need, Mr.. Smith?” 
Joel glanced at him again. 
Dressed in a black suit, the man in front of him was big and tall, lean but strong. His visage was a perfect blend of harsh coldness and temptation. Together with the beauty mark at the corner of his eye, he was
like Adonis on Earth. 
It didn’t seem strange that Tanya would fall in love with him. 
But he had never heard of Justin having any plans to get married… 
Joel neatened his suit and suddenly stood up. He said, “Your son is very cute, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin cast a puzzled glance at him and politely replied, “Thank you.” 
Joel casually asked, “Do you know who the child’s mother is?” 
Upon his question, a picture of that lazy woman seemed to appear in front of Justin. The corners of his lips curled upward a little and he replied, “Yeah.” 
Joel continued and asked, “What are you intending to do about her, then?” 
‘Do about her’? 
His choice of words made Justin very uncomfortable. 
How could anyone use a phrase like that to talk about a woman like Nora? 
He lowered his gaze and suddenly said, “Maybe we’ll get married.” 
Married… 
Joel’s heart sank. 
If she really married Justin… 
The thought alone made his chest tighten uncomfortably. He balled up his fists and suddenly said, “Treat her well, Mr. Hunt.”
He turned and left after saying that. 
Justin, “?” 
Was there something wrong with Joel Smith today? 
For whom was he putting on that devoted act? 
He suddenly thought of how Nora had kept staring at Joel during the medical conference the other time. Had the two of them formed some kind of connection without him knowing? 
His brows drew together and he suddenly looked down at Cherry. In a deep and solemn voice, he asked, “Cherry… Pit, does your Mommy know him?” 
Cherry shook her head. “No, she doesn’t. I’ve never heard Mommy mention him before, yeah!” 
The little fellow completely didn’t realize that she had been sounded out. 
Justin smiled and left with peace of mind. They’d already had dinner, so when they returned home, Cherry dived straight into her bedroom for her live-stream. 
— 
At the Andersons. 
Tanya went upstairs to the guest room unhappily and closed the door after she returned home with Pete. 
Pete entered the bedroom and unsurprisingly saw Mommy lying on the bed again. However, what was unusual was that she wasn’t sleeping but handling something on her cell phone instead. 
When she noticed him, she even asked, “Why are you back so late?” 
Pete briefly explained Mia’s hospitalization situation. Then, he said, “Mommy, I think you should go and take a look at God-mom.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and let out a lazy ‘Oh’. After stretching, she sighed and said as she walked out, “People mustn’t let themselves sink into such depravity. I can’t lie down like this anymore. I’ll go out for a walk and switch to another room…” 
Thinking that Mommy had finally made up her mind to stop being so lazy, Pete was about to praise her when he heard what she said next: “… and lie down there instead.” 
“…” 
Aren’t you still lying down even if you switch to another room to lie down there?! 
Pete’s lip corners spasmed and he decided to go and do his homework instead. 
When Nora entered Tanya’s room, Tanya was crying in silence. 
Seemingly because she heard the door opening, Tanya wiped her tears away and sat up. She asked nonchalantly, “Why are you here?” 
“Are you okay?” asked Nora. 
“No.” 
Nora asked seriously, “Then what do you want to do?” 
“If we’re friends, then go out with me for a drink! We’ll drink till we drop tonight!” 
Nora fell silent for a moment at the drinking suggestion. Her eyebrows raised slightly and she suddenly asked, “What did you say before that?”
“No.” 
“The one before that.” 
“Why are you here?” 
Nora stood up. “I came to check on you. Okay, I’m leaving.” 
Tanya, “!!!” 
It was only after Nora left that she realized that her moodiness had dissipated by half before she even knew it. That woman was so lazy and unprofessional even when she was trying to comfort someone! 
While thinking about it, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She looked down—the caller ID showed ‘Mom’. 
She waited for a while before she picked up. A woman’s voice reached her through the phone. “Tanya, why are you pestering Joel from the moment you returned? The two of you have already broken up! You’re not allowed to disturb my daughter in the future, you hear me?!” 
‘My daughter’… 
Heh. 
Tanya let out an icy laugh. She suddenly retorted, “Why should I listen to you?” 
“Because I’m your mother!” 
“Really?” Tanya mocked, “Isn’t your daughter Hillary?” 
“… What do you mean by that, Tanya?!”
Tanya stared straight ahead of her as she said, “It means—if you don’t think of me as your daughter, then don’t tell me what I can or cannot do!” 
She hung up on her straightaway. 
The next day, Tanya got up early in the morning and went to the kindergarten with Pete. On the way there, she asked, “When are your parents switching you guys back?” 
Pete replied, “I don’t know.” 
Tanya glanced at him. He quietly added, “… Yeah.” 
Tanya, “…” 
She found it hilarious. After she reached the kindergarten and parked the car, just as she was about to enter with Pete, someone suddenly called out to her. 
“Ms. Turner.” 
Tanya turned and saw Hillary walking toward her. 
She came up to Tanya with a smile. Then, she suddenly took out a wad of cash from her bag and offered it to her. 
Tanya’s eyes widened in shock. “What is the meaning of this?” 
A smiling Hillary replied, “This is to thank you for discovering Mia the moment she fainted and staying with her in the hospital for the whole afternoon. I’ve asked around—top-class nurses are paid $150 per day. However, you’re different because you’re a teacher from the kindergarten, after all. There’s $3,000 here. You can think of it as a reward from the Smiths. It’s quite a lot, right?”
A reward from the Smiths… 
What did they take her for? 
A humiliated Tanya clenched her fists. However, she suddenly reached out and took the money from her. 
Hillary scoffed inwardly. It sure felt good to humiliate others with money… 
But just as she thought so, the corners of Tanya’s lips suddenly curled upward!
###Chapter 136: Justin Steps Forward
Chapter 136: Justin Steps Forward 
Whoosh! 
Tanya took the money and threw it at her face! 
The impact caused Hillary’s head to turn to the side. She turned back to Tanya furiously, but Tanya instead grabbed her collar. The look in her eyes was very cold, and she carried some of the fierce and ruthless aura that was present only on Nora. 
Tanya sneered, “That may have been very effective on me five years ago, Hillary, but I’ve already grown up after the last five years. Why are you still stuck at where you were?” 
She released Hillary and pushed her away. After putting some distance between the two of them, Tanya stared hard at her and said, “You’d best keep this firmly in mind—don’t mess with me. I’m not that nice.” 
After saying that, she took Pete’s hand again and led him forward. 
Hillary stood where she was with money bills scattered all over the ground. All the parents around her looked over.. The look of disgust in their eyes made her especially embarrassed. 
They were all from wealthy families. It was indeed too low-class to solve problems with money! 
Hillary lowered her head and picked up the bills. Then, she hurriedly got into the car and left. 
Her cheeks were still burning somewhat even after she got into the backseat of the car. 
Tanya was already hard to deal with five years ago. She was feisty and wasn’t someone to be messed with. Little did she expect that she would become even harder to deal with five years later!
Was she just going to allow her to see Mia every day in the kindergarten though? 
Absolutely not! 
After a moment’s thought, Hillary suddenly cast her eyes down. 
— 
In the kindergarten, Tanya went to the dance studio after she sent Pete to the classroom. 
She originally only had plans to do filming for a TV program when she came back to the States. However, the kindergarten had contacted her and said that Whitney Lowe was unable to continue teaching dancing there, so they invited her to be a dance teacher in the school. 
Tanya had thought at the time that she would be able to spend more time with Cherry if she took it, so she agreed to it. 
However, she would only be working there for a month because she didn’t want to stay in the States. 
Her child had gone missing abroad, so she wanted to go back to continue looking for her child. 
She had never expected that she would run into Joel here… 
She heaved a sigh. 
At this point, a few teachers came over and said, “Ms. Turner, you’re done for.” 
Tanya was taken aback. “What?” 
“The woman you offended just now is Mrs. Smith! We saw her going to the principal just now. The kindergarten is probably going to fire you!”
“Why don’t you go and apologize, Ms. Turner? The kindergarten can’t afford to offend the Smiths and the Hunts the most here. I heard that the Smiths are even shareholders of the kindergarten!” 
“The Smiths are the reason why no one dares to bully Mia Smith despite how timid she is… It’ll be really terrible if this gets blown up, Ms. Turner. I heard that Mrs. Smith is a pretty nice person. Maybe everything will be fine if you give in…” 
The teachers explained what had happened to her, but Tanya instead lowered her gaze. 
Hillary really hadn’t learned any better. 
Was lodging a complaint the only thing she knew how to do after being hit? 
She had already allowed that woman to give her a warning the day before, but here she was again. 
She said dispassionately, “It’s fine. I wasn’t planning on staying long in the States anyway.” 
Back then, because of the Lowes, she had been forced to leave the country. After spending so many years abroad, she had now become a dance teacher that even foreign royal families would hire. Her connections weren’t that simple anymore! 
Sure enough, just as she was thinking about it, someone came over and said, “Ms. Turner, the principal is asking for you in his office.” 
Tanya nodded and calmly headed to the principal’s office. 
Along the way, Tanya noticed several teachers casting sympathetic glances at her, but she ignored them all. Soon, she arrived at the principal’s office.
The principal personally opened the door for her and poured her a cup of coffee. He said, “Ms. Turner, it’s the kindergarten’s honor to have you as our dance teacher for a month, but this is simply just…” 
He sighed and said, “Mrs. Smith suddenly approached me just now. She said that she had thanked you out of kindness, but not only did you not appreciate her gesture, but you even injured her on her face, so she’s demanding an explanation from us. I used the excuse that you’re not yet an official teacher in the school to placate her for now…” 
Tanya frowned. “Are the Joneses that powerful?” 
The principal was also very troubled. He replied, “It’s not the Joneses; I’m not afraid of Mrs. Smith on her own at all. I also want to protect you if I can, Tanya. After all, you’ve done us a big favor by accepting our invitation after something happened to our dance teacher. However, the ones behind Mrs. Smith are the Smiths and Joel Smith himself. He has always been known as a wolf in sheep’s clothing in New York. Even though he seems mild-mannered, he’s actually very hard to deal with…” 
The principal then said, “Tanya, I can keep you here despite the pressure, but life won’t be easy for you in the future either if you offend Mr. Smith. If that’s the case, why don’t you resign instead?” 
Resign? 
Tanya bit her lip. “Was it Mr. Smith’s idea to have me resign?” 
“Yes, it is,” replied the principal with a nod. 
Mrs. Smith had said that her husband didn’t want to see Tanya in the kindergarten, let alone have her come into contact with his daughter… 
Tanya clenched her fists. 
So, he actually hated her that much? They couldn’t even stay as friends after breaking up?
Her chest felt awfully tight. Compared to having to resign, this discovery saddened her even more. 
She let out a cold laugh and stood up. “Fine, I quit.” 
After saying that, she went out and strode toward the school gates. 
Blinding sunlight shone upon her, making her eyes hurt. She raised her head and blocked the light with her hand. Dust floated in the air under the dappled light, and she could see the specks floating about. 
She was just like one of those specks of dust. Her life was always being controlled by others. 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
She wanted to go to Joel and sort things out, yet she also felt that it would be her defeat if she were to really do so… 
At the gates, Hillary got out of the car and slowly walked up to her. She said, “You are indeed hard to deal with, Tanya, but I’m no longer who I used to be, either. I’m Mrs. Smith now. I’m sure you’re aware of how powerful Joel is, right?” 
Tanya ignored her. 
Hillary said, “Somewhere other than the States would be more suitable for you. Leave, and never come back again!” 
Your daughter and your boyfriend back then… I will take them all! 
In the classroom. 
“Ms. Turner has been fired!”
Brandon the loudmouth spread the news. Pete frowned when he heard it. He asked, “Why was she fired?” 
Brandon replied, “Probably because she offended my aunt! That would mean that she’s offended my uncle~ Uncle Joel is very protective of his own! Apart from the Hunts, no one in New York dares to offend him!” 
‘Apart from the Hunts’… 
Pete’s eyes lit up when he heard that. 
This meant that he could ask the tyrant for help, right? 
He’d just had a great idea! 
He immediately took out his cell phone and drafted a text message to Cherry. 
Ten minutes later… 
On the top floor of the Smith Corporation’s office tower, Joel received a call from Justin. The moment he picked up, Justin confronted him and said, “Mr. Smith, surely it isn’t quite appropriate for you to do that to a weak and powerless woman?” 
Joel, “?” 
He frowned. “What do you mean, Mr. Hunt?” 
“Don’t you think that forcing Ms. Tanya Turner to resign is a little too much?” 
Joel narrowed his eyes. A cold look shot forth from them as he asked, “What?”
###Chapter 137: Father And Daughter Claiming Credit
Chapter 137: Father And Daughter Claiming Credit 
Justin, however, didn’t give him a chance to speak. He said coldly, “I’ll be speaking with the kindergarten. Ms. Turner will be under the Hunts’ protection from now on.” 
He hung up right after saying that. 
Justin looked at Cherry tenderly and said, “There, I’ve made the call. Don’t worry, Pete.” 
Just now, Cherry had suddenly run over and said that someone was bullying her godmother, so she wanted him to talk to the Smiths. He had been rather stunned when she said that. 
However, he had very quickly reacted and knew that this was a great opportunity for him. 
After all, one must never offend their woman’s best friend.. 
Thus, he had made the call. To him, it was nothing but just a matter of lifting his finger. 
Cherry nodded and chirped, “Okie-Dokie!” 
However, Justin was still staring at her. 
Cherry blinked and asked, “What’s the matter, Daddy?” 
Was little Cherry not cute today? 
Just as she was wondering, Justin said, “You should give your Mommy a call and report this to her.” 
How could he stay quiet about it after doing a good deed?
Cherry tilted her head and asked, “Why?” 
Without batting even an eyelid, Justin replied, “Because your Mommy won’t need to worry anymore if you do that, right?” 
After thinking for a while, Cherry agreed and said, “Okie-Dokie!” 
Justin sat there and watched his adorable little baby take out her cell phone. Her little fingers swiped across the screen slickly and turned it on. Then, she dialed Nora’s number. 
The young woman’s lazy voice rang out from the other end of the call the moment it connected. 
“What’s the matter, Cherry?” 
Cherry found herself missing Mommy a bit when she heard the familiar voice. Longing appeared in her big eyes as she said, “Mommy, the kindergarten fired God-mom!” 
“What happened?” 
The woman’s voice instantly turned sharp. Then, Cherry heard rustling sounds from the other end of the call—she was likely… getting out of bed? 
However, Cherry went on and said, “But you don’t have to worry, Mommy~ I’ve already settled it for you~” 
Justin, “” 
Cherry said triumphantly, “I coaxed Daddy to call the Smiths after I heard the news, so God-mom should be fine soon~ Aren’t I super awesome, Mommy?!” 
The woman on the other end relaxed and likely laid back down on the bed. She said, “Uh-huh, Cherry’s the best. I’ll get God-mom to thank you when she comes back. Mwah~”
Then, she yawned again and said, “Mm, I’m going to bed.” 
And then, she hung up. 
Justin, “?” 
He was obviously the one who resolved the issue, so why was all the credit Cherry’s in the end?! 
His expression darkened right away. 
However, Cherry turned to him right after that. She broke into a grin and said, “There, I’ve made the call, Daddy! Isn’t Cherry… Pit super awesome?!” 
Although he was gnashing his teeth, Justin nevertheless forced a small smile and replied, “… Yes, you are.” 
Satisfied, Cherry ran off to play in the study. 
Justin heaved a silent sigh as he gazed at that tiny little figure. 
Were she Pete, his big hand would already have made intimate contact with his little butt. But if it was Cherry… Never mind. Girls were delicate creatures. She was his daughter after all. The only thing he could do was pamper her, he supposed! 
Now that he couldn’t count on his daughter anymore, Justin could only do something about it himself. 
He picked up his cell phone and called Nora. 
The other party picked up very quickly. The voice on the other end sounded very annoyed as she asked, “What is it now?”
Justin paused slightly and asked, “Aren’t you going to treat me to dinner after I helped you out today, Ms. Smith?” 
“… Oh, I see.” 
Justin, “?” 
“Text me where and when,” said Nora. 
Justin breathed a sigh of relief. He picked a restaurant and sent the address to her. 
Then, he stood up and got ready to set off. When he passed the study, he saw Cherry playing in there. Were she Pete, he would never take him along and have him be the third wheel. 
But if it was Cherry… He’d better take her along, he supposed. Otherwise, what if she started crying at home? 
Justin smiled and beckoned to her. “Let’s go out for dinner, Pete.” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
— 
At the Smith Corporation. 
In the office, Joel clenched his fists tightly after Justin hung up. The look in his eyes, as he stared ahead of him, was volatile and unreadable. 
Even his expression, which was always amicable, had become a little sharp. An unusual gleam appeared in his deep eyes. He pressed the button that summoned his personal assistant. Thirty seconds
later, his assistant knocked on the door and entered. “Is there something you need me for, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel’s voice was awfully cold as he ordered, “Find out what happened at the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten!” 
The assistant was stunned for a moment. 
Joel was well-known for being a wolf in sheep’s clothing. He had always been mild-mannered and treated everyone amicably. During all these years as his personal assistant, Joel had been relatively forgiving toward him even when he made the occasional mistake. 
This was the first time he had ever seen such a cold and ruthless look on Joel’s face. 
The assistant hastily nodded and replied respectfully, “Yes, sir.” 
After the assistant left, Joel thought for a while and nevertheless got up and walked out of his office. When the assistant noticed him, he said in surprise, “Mr. Smith?” 
Joel instructed, “Cancel all my meetings today. Call me when you find out what happened.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Joel took the CEO-exclusive lift down to the underground car park and drove out by himself. 
To be honest, he didn’t know where he wanted to go, but he simply felt so irritable. He drove around aimlessly in New York. Before he knew it, he had arrived at the university where he used to study at. 
He stopped the car. He was about to walk in when he spotted a familiar figure right away. 
The young woman, who seemed a little sad, was sitting on a bench under the tree. Her thin and frail figure gradually blended with the one from a few years ago.
All the noise around him seemed to disappear and time quietly rewound to a few years ago… 
Back in high school, they had made a promise to each other that they would attend the New York University together. However, when they were seniors, she suddenly began to pursue dancing before the entrance exams. She wanted to go professional, so she gave up on enrolling at the New York University and instead made plans to go abroad. He was very sad when she told him, but he didn’t want to hold her back, so he had agreed. 
The two of them seldom spoke to each other after that. After the college entrance exams, the two of them didn’t contact each other for a whole summer. 
When school finally started, all Joel could feel was dejection as he walked down the path with his luggage without her. It seemed like the world only became bright and colorful when she was around. 
But as he walked, he suddenly heard someone calling his name. 
He looked up and saw her standing at the New York University’s reception counter for freshmen with a suitcase. With a big smile on her face, she had called out, “Joel Smith! I’m staying here all for your sake! Don’t you dare bully me in the future, you hear me?” 
Even after so many years, he could still clearly remember that she had worn a pale blue dress that day. Her calves were fair and her figure tall and slender. 
When she smiled, it was as if everything around her had lit up. 
In the midst of Joel’s thoughts, the sound of a cell phone ringing suddenly interrupted his thoughts. 
Had his assistant already found out what happened at the kindergarten?
###Chapter 138: Assistance Has Come~
Chapter 138: Assistance Has Come~ 
Joel was using Happiness, a song by one of his and Tanya’s favorite singers back then, as his cell phone ringtone. 
However, when he was about to take out his phone, he instead saw Tanya taking out her own cell phone and picking up a call. 
It was then that he realized that Tanya was also using Happiness as her ringtone. 
If so, then did that mean that she, like him, also couldn’t forget the other party even after so many years? 
But as soon as he started indulging in his wishful thinking, in front, Tanya’s eyes lit up and she said excitedly, “Darling! So it was you who helped me out! 
“Of course, I’ll reward you. Shall I give you a kiss? Or perhaps, I’ll give myself to you and sleep with you for a few nights?” 
“Oh, don’t be shy! Here, I’ll give you a big kiss! Mwah~!” 
“… Dinner? No problem, of course! Text me the location!” 
Tanya hung up after that. Then, she immediately got up, turned around, and walked away excitedly. 
After she left, Joel walked out from behind the big pillar at the school gates.. He stared at the direction in which she had driven away, his upturned eyes flickering dimly. 
‘Darling’… ‘Give myself to you’… ‘A big kiss’…
The phrases made him feel uncomfortable all over. It was as if there was a time bomb ticking away in his body, ready to explode. 
He didn’t even know what he was doing, but without even a second thought, the man, who had always been calm and self-disciplined, suddenly got into his car and followed behind her. 
He was going to see… just where she was going! 
— 
Tanya drove the jeep leisurely to Club Prism. 
After parking, she looked up and gazed at the familiar place. 
This was a club that the wealthy and prestigious often visited to have some fun, and had been around for many years. 
When she was still a child, she was the baggage that her mother had brought with her when she married into a wealthy family. What Hillary loved doing the most was bringing her here to have some fun— 
Because she couldn’t go in. 
She wasn’t of high social status and didn’t own a VIP card. Thus, all she could do was stand at the door anxiously and wait for Hillary to remember that she was there. 
Later, she stopped coming. 
While she was staring at the place, inside Club Prism, Hillary was also coincidentally there for dinner. She had already parked her car and was about to enter the main hall. 
When she turned her head and noticed Tanya, she bit her lip at once.
To think Tanya had actually followed her here! Was she haunting her or what? 
She narrowed her eyes and beckoned the lobby manager over. Then, she pointed at Tanya outside and said, “Don’t let that woman in!” 
The lobby manager glanced at Hillary and retorted, “Ms. Jones, I have no right to refuse her entry if she’s a legit customer.” 
Seeing that her words weren’t working on the lobby manager, a look of displeasure came over her countenance and she said, “You may not care about my identity as Ms. Jones, but what about my identity as Mrs. Smith?” 
The lobby manager was taken aback. 
Hillary cast her eyes down and said, “Although Joel and I aren’t married yet, I’ve already moved into the Smiths’ residence. You should know that, right?” 
The lobby manager frowned. 
A smirking Hillary said, “Or perhaps you aren’t afraid of Mrs. Smith, either. In that case, what about Joel?” 
The lobby manager was stunned. 
Hillary pointed to the area outside and said, “That woman is a dance teacher at the kindergarten who injured Joel’s and my daughter. She followed me here because she wants to apologize. I don’t want to see her, and neither do I think Joel would want to, either. Understand?” 
The lobby manager frowned.
Although Club Prism wasn’t afraid of anyone, they nevertheless still had to show Joel some respect. Thus, he nodded and said, “Alright, Ms. Jones.” 
Resentment welled up in Hillary when she heard the words ‘Ms. Jones’. 
This was all Mia’s fault. Had she been a boy instead, she would’ve been married to Joel a long time ago! Speaking of which, it was all because Tanya’s womb was so useless to actually give birth to a little wench instead! 
She took a deep breath and entered a private room. 
At the entrance. 
Tanya was about to enter when someone stopped her. 
“Excuse me, miss. Do you have an appointment?” 
Club Prism’s customers were all either rich or prestigious. The diners here were either guests who owned their VIP cards like Hillary, or people with high social status like Justin or Joel. Even though they hadn’t applied for VIP cards, they were tacitly recognized as gold card VIPs. There was also one last type of customer—guests of the above-mentioned. 
Tanya replied, “Yes, the room number is—” 
But before she could finish, the lobby manager’s voice reached her. 
“I’m sorry, miss, but I can’t let you in.” 
Tanya, “?” 
The polite lobby manager said apologetically, “Ms. Jones said just now that Mr. Smith has refused to let you in.”
Ms. Jones and Mr. Smith… 
Tanya felt an ache in her heart at the mention of the names. 
She narrowed her eyes and said, “I’m not here for them. I have an appointment with someone else here.” 
The lobby manager sighed and said, “By right, we shouldn’t be denying you entry, miss, but Ms. Jones said that Mr. Smith has instructed that you’re not allowed to be anywhere that she is. If I let you in, I’ll end up offending Mr. Smith…” 
The lobby manager wasn’t a social climber, but for the sake of his own livelihood, he could only say, “How about this? Is it alright if I get someone to bring a chair here for you and let you wait outside?” 
Tanya narrowed her eyes as her chest tightened. 
She could give Nora a call and ask her to come out and pick her up, of course, but if this was really an order from Joel, then wouldn’t that mean Nora would end up offending him because of her? 
Although she had resolved the issue at the kindergarten for her, Tanya was unwilling to keep giving others trouble. 
She clenched her fists, utterly humiliated. 
Many years ago, she hadn’t been able to enter the club. Later, it was Joel who had taken her inside. 
Many years later, she still couldn’t enter the club, but she didn’t have Joel with her anymore. 
Sorrow filled her heart, but she could only lower her head and smile wryly as she said, “No, it’s fine. I’ll leave.”
She would have to leave the treat for another day instead. 
When she turned to leave, she happened to see another car stopping at the entrance. Joel opened the door at the driver’s seat and got out. 
Tanya paused in her tracks. 
Then, she immediately broke into a wry smile. No wonder they didn’t let her in… 
She lowered her head and looked straight in front of her as if she didn’t see Joel. She walked straight past him to the side and said to the parking valet, “Please get my car, thanks.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Although Joel didn’t look at Tanya, he watched her out of the corner of his eye the whole time. 
At the sight of her leaving, he was instead relieved. 
However, since he was already here, he decided to enter the lobby. Just as he was wondering why she hadn’t met her darling for dinner, the lobby manager came forward and said, “You’re really here, Mr. Smith! As per your instructions, we’ve prevented that lady from coming in. Rest assured that we definitely won’t allow her to bother you.”
###Chapter 139: Hillary Digs Her Own Grave
Chapter 139: Hillary Digs Her Own Grave 
Joel stopped in his tracks and suddenly looked at the lobby manager. He repeated, “What do you mean you won’t allow her to bother me?” 
The lobby manager was very shrewd. At the sight of Joel’s reaction, something immediately clicked and he replied, “Yes, that’s right. Mrs. Smith told us just now not to allow the lady at the entrance to come in. She said that this was your instruction.” 
He lowered his head. What he said next sounded as if he was claiming credit, but in truth, he was actually lodging a complaint. He said, “We don’t have a rule like that at Club Prism, but Mrs. Smith said that this was an instruction from you, so we had to do as requested, of course.” 
Instructions from him… 
Joel’s amicable expression faded and he said dispassionately, “She’s not Mrs. Smith yet..” 
The lobby manager put on a show of looking scared and said, “Apologies, Mr. Smith. I’ve always addressed her as Ms. Jones, but she demanded that we change the term of address today…” 
Joel didn’t look angry. However, when he turned and saw Tanya, his eyes darkened a little. 
Just as the lobby manager was about to say something, Joel looked away from Tanya and said detachedly, “We’ll leave it at that, then.” 
For some reason, he didn’t feel like letting her come in and go for her dinner appointment. 
The lobby manager was dumbfounded.
For over ten years, he had always been skilled at reading people’s body language and had never made any mistakes before. Had he guessed wrongly this time? Hillary was clearly acting like a donkey in a lion’s skin just now, yet Mr. Smith was actually giving her actions tacit approval now? 
He withdrew his gaze and became a lot more respectful. “Alright, Mr. Smith.” 
At the entrance. 
Tanya waited idly for the parking valet to bring her car over. 
Suddenly, a few people came toward her. “Hey, is that who I think it is? Isn’t she Tanya?” 
Tanya turned and saw a few people who used to hang out with Hillary walking toward her. 
They were her high school classmates. Hillary and the Joneses were considered a moderately wealthy family, so all of them had curried favor with her back then. Why were they here though? 
Were Hillary and Joel… here for dinner with them? 
Tanya clenched her jaw. 
Joel had despised them when he and Tanya were dating back then. Hillary had brought them over to greet Joel, but he couldn’t even be bothered to pay them any attention at that time. 
Yet he was actually willing to dine with them for Hillary’s sake now? 
Heh. 
People did change, after all. Right? 
While she was inwardly mocking Joel, her ex-classmates started to taunt her. 
“Tanya? Are you thinking of going in for dinner? Why don’t you ask Hillary, then?”
“That’s right. What are you standing around here for? Didn’t they say that you were the champion in an international dance competition? Why aren’t you able to even enter a small club like this?” 
“Man, what’s the big deal about being a world champion? Did you win any prize money? Have you spent it all 
Tanya’s eyes narrowed at their mockery of her. 
She sneered, “Tsk, I’ve finally witnessed today what it means to ride on someone’s coattails!” 
Her choice of words was too artful, so it took a while for them to understand what she was saying. They became angry right away, and a man from among them even stepped forward and pushed her while demanding, “Is that how you should be talking, Tanya?!” 
“Exactly. Do you really think you’re that great just because the wealthy are being polite and inviting you to teach them dancing after you won a championship? At the bottom of it all, you’re still just a dance teacher! Oh, look at the situation you’re in now. Why don’t you give one of your students’ parents a call and ask them to bring you in?” 
“She probably can’t get them to! At least we can still enter because of Hillary, but what about you?” 
“…” 
Tanya was highly sought after among the wealthy. Given her current status, it wasn’t hard for her to enter the club if she wanted to—in fact, she could even easily get a VIP card. However, the problem was that Joel had forbidden her from going in. 
In the whole of New York, the Hunts were the only ones who didn’t fear offending Joel. 
However, she didn’t want to trouble the Hunts.
Tanya lowered her gaze. At this point, the parking valet brought her car over. She walked around the group of people to the car, but just as she was about to get in, they stopped her again. 
“Oh hey, that’s a pretty impressive car you’re driving! Only the rich can afford to drive a jeep like this!” 
“Is this car a present from one of your students’ parents?” 
“I heard that there are some dance teachers who use the excuse of giving dance lessons to fool around with the masters of the households instead… Hahaha!” 
“…” 
Their comments were becoming increasingly ridiculous, causing the look on Tanya’s face to turn even colder. She couldn’t tolerate it anymore. She was about to step forward and teach the foul-mouthed guy a lesson when a tall and slender figure suddenly rushed over. 
He moved extremely quickly and grabbed the guy by his collar. Before anyone could even react, he socked him right in the face! 
As a loud bam rang out, the guy stumbled a few steps backward and spat out a couple of teeth. 
His head whipped up as he shouted, “Who the hell…” 
However, when he saw Joel and the frosty look on his face, his words came to an abrupt stop! 
The people around them were also dumbfounded. They hastily took a step back and stammered, “M-Mr. Smith…” 
Joel’s frigid gaze swept across the few of them. At last, he ordered coldly, “Get lost!” 
Frightened out of their wits, the few of them immediately fled.
After all of them left, the people around them started to point at them as they speculated among themselves. Someone could be heard faintly commenting, “That woman’s making a scene just because she can’t enter the club… How terrible!” 
Joel abruptly turned to Tanya. He grabbed her wrist and walked straight to the lobby entrance. 
Then, to the lobby manager who was standing there respectfully, he said, “Remember what she looks like. From now on, no one is allowed to stop her any time she comes here!” 
The manager nodded. “Yes, Mr. Smith!” 
Tanya’s expression changed a little when she heard what Joel said after being dragged into the club by him. 
Was that man sick in the head? 
He was the one who didn’t let her in just now, yet he was acting like a hero saving a damsel in distress now? 
Seemingly sensing her emotions, Joel left the club without looking back after leaving those instructions. 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Hillary, upon hearing the news from her cronies, didn’t have the leisure of having dinner anymore. She hurriedly went home. 
As soon as she entered, she said, “I’m sorry, Joel… I didn’t know that my friends would do that… I went to the kindergarten this morning to thank Tanya, but not only did she not appreciate my gesture, but she
even hit me…” 
Hillary held her cheek that was still red and lowered her head. She said pitifully, “When my friends heard what happened, they asked me out to Club Prism, so I headed over. I really didn’t expect that they would try to seek revenge for me… and even use your name to stop Tanya from entering…” 
She lifted her head with her eyes reddened and said, “It’s fortunate that you were there. Otherwise, Tanya would have suffered injustice this time. I’m sorry, Joel…” 
She had only just said that when Joel raised his head calmly, scoffed, and pointed to the things on the table. 
Hillary was taken aback. However, her expression immediately changed when she picked up the things on the table. 
It was actually evidence against her that Joel had found after conducting an investigation!
###Chapter 140: Leaving No Means Untried
Chapter 140: Leaving No Means Untried 
Hillary held the few pages of evidence. 
The first page was about her conflict with Tanya in the kindergarten. The photo clearly showed that she had provoked Tanya first. The humiliated Tanya had then counterattacked. 
The second page was photos of her speaking with the lobby manager in Club Prism’s lobby. Her facial expression in the photo was exceptionally smug. 
Hillary balled up her fists. She wanted to say something, but before she could, Joel said unhurriedly, “There are surveillance cameras in both the kindergarten and the club. If you continue to deny it, I can ask for the video footage for you. Ms. Jones, allow me to remind you that surveillance camera footage comes with audio nowadays.” 
Hillary’s retort instantly got stuck in her throat.. 
She stared at Joel in shock. A moment later, she finally hung her head dejectedly and said, “It’s my fault this time, Joel… I only did that because I panicked when I saw that Tanya was back. I was afraid that she would take you away from me… Joel, she told me that she’s back this time so that she can take revenge on me and take everything from me.” 
Hillary, whose head was lowered, started to cry. She said, “As you know, Tanya has been fighting with me over everything ever since we were kids. I had no other choice. I just wanted her to leave. I just wanted to protect everything that’s mine!” 
She looked at Joel again and said, “There’s Mia, too. Of all the kindergartens around, why did she go to that one? It’s definitely because she knows that Mia is our daughter, so she especially went there for her.
Joel, she must be planning to start her revenge with Mia. I don’t know how she did it, but she’s already bribed Mia. It’s only been a day, but Mia’s already asking for her…” 
She stared at Joel and went on. “There’s no way someone like Tanya would be content. Back then, for the sake of dancing, she abandoned you. Even though she won the championship, her life abroad all these years must not have been that great either, right? That’s why she wanted to come back. She must be thinking of pestering you…” 
‘For the sake of dancing, she abandoned you…’ 
The words stabbed brutally into Joel’s heart like a knife. 
He lowered his eyes and let out a cold chuckle. 
Perhaps that woman would give up glory and wealth for the sake of dancing, but there was no way he would ever believe that she would pester him for the sake of glory and wealth… 
No matter how people might change, the pride embedded in one’s bones would never change. 
Besides… She had gone to that kindergarten for her son. Now that she had Justin Hunt, there was no need for her to pester him anymore. 
The icy smile at Joel’s lips became tinged with a bit of bitterness—he’d rather she pester him instead. 
“Joel, I really am repentant. I won’t do anything anymore, no matter how Tanya provokes me again in the future. Don’t worry. Even though she betrayed you back then, the two of you are ultimately still friends, so…” 
Before Hillary could continue sowing discord, Joel said detachedly, “What did I say back then, when you came to me with your child?”
What he had said? 
Hillary bit her lip. Back then, she had wormed her way into the Smiths by relying on her daughter. However, Joel had refused to marry her no matter what, and only gave her the title of his fiancée. 
She was the one who moved into the Smiths with the excuse that her daughter needed her mother. She cared for and fussed over Mia greatly ever since, thereby stopping Joel from driving her away. 
However, on the night that she moved in, an icy-cold Joel had said, “If you stay content with your lot and behave, I don’t mind turning a blind eye to most of your actions. However, you’re not allowed to publicize that you’re Mrs. Smith. I won’t let you off if I ever find out.” 
Why would Hillary even care about that at that time? She had agreed to his terms right away. 
In the years that followed, she waited on Mia carefully, in hopes that once enough time passed, Joel would officially register their marriage in order to give the girl a mother. 
This way, even if they didn’t hold a wedding ceremony, she would still become the veritable Mrs. Smith! 
However, apart from when she was picking up and dropping off Mia, she actually didn’t have any chance to meet Joel at all after she moved in. It was no exaggeration to say that they were strangers with the closest relationship with each other. 
At this point of Hillary’s inner thoughts, Joel said, “Since you’ve broken the rules… Get lost.” 
Get lost? 
Hillary’s head whipped up and she stared at him incredulously.
Even when he was telling her to get lost, Joel’s upturned eyes still felt mild-mannered, despite him being expressionless. 
Astonished, she asked, “What did you say?” 
Joel stood up and said mercilessly, “You violated our agreement.” 
She had violated their agreement… 
Hillary started to tremble all over. 
To be honest, this wasn’t the first time she had violated it during all these years. 
The Joneses had already tacitly recognized them as husband and wife when she moved into the Smiths. It was also thanks to this that the Joneses’ businesses started to do better and better. 
Hillary was even on tenterhooks when the Joneses first used the Smiths’ name in their business dealings. However, she had later discovered that Joel didn’t care at all even when he did find out. 
After that, she had let down her vigilance. 
Yet he was bringing up their agreement now? 
Hillary reached out and clutched Joel’s sleeves. She said, “Joel, I was wrong. I’ve really seen the error of my ways…” 
Joel pulled his sleeve out of her grip. There was no trace of emotion at all in those eyes on his expressionless countenance. He asked coldly, “Are you going to leave by yourself, or should I get someone to throw you out?” 
Hillary’s legs went limp and she almost fell onto the floor.
Five years! 
She had lived here for a whole five years! 
How cruel and unfeeling must a person be, in order for them to hold not even the slightest bit of feelings for her? 
She regained sobriety at once. 
Counting on Joel’s sympathy or feelings for her would get her nowhere. 
That little bastard was the only thing she could count on now! 
Hillary’s eyes reddened. She gazed at Joel earnestly and said, “I was wrong, Joel. I’ll leave, but can you let me see Mia before I go?” 
Joel stared hard at her. 
“Okay. But when you see her… Surely you don’t need me to tell you what you can say in front of her and what you can’t, right?” 
Hillary’s gaze flickered. She lowered her head and replied, “No, I’m aware.” 
Only then did Joel instruct the nanny, “Bring Mia over.” 
Mia was resting at home today and hadn’t gone to school after suffering an allergic reaction the day before. 
She was currently playing by herself in her bedroom. When the nanny brought her over, she asked timidly, “Mommy, Daddy… What’s the matter?”
Hillary immediately put on an affectionate and devoted act. She hugged Mia and said, “Mia, Mommy will be away for a while. You must behave at home, okay?” 
She had already thought about it. Joel had a thousand and one ways he could drive her away if she kicked up a fuss in front of her daughter. 
Her only option at the moment was to make Mia reluctant to leave her, and make her cry her eyes out in her arms… That was the only way Joel would let her stay. 
She was confident that she had treated Mia well enough all these years. Besides, she was her mother; Mia definitely wouldn’t bear to leave her side. 
She stared at Mia and asked, “Will you miss Mommy, Mia?” 
However, an anticipative Hillary never expected that Mia would instead nod and reply timidly, “Go ahead, Mommy. I’ll be a good girl.”
###Chapter 141: Cherry Is Hospitalized~
Chapter 141: Cherry Is Hospitalized~ 
“…” 
Hillary stared at Mia incredulously. 
She even suspected whether she had misheard just now. What was that heartless little wench saying? Did she not feel even the slightest bit of reluctance to part with her? 
She clenched her fists. “What did you say, Mia?” 
Mia met her eyes and repeated timidly, “I’ll be a good girl, Mommy. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
“…” 
Hillary felt a wave of frustration that she simply couldn’t get off her chest. The look in her eyes gradually turned menacing. She wanted to lose her temper and make a scene, but when she saw the man seated on the sofa, she ultimately suppressed the urge. 
As expected, those unrelated by blood would never be faithful! 
. 
She had never dared to treat her unkindly all these years—or at least, she hadn’t dared to abuse her, lest Joel discovers it. All she had done was complain that Mia wasn’t a boy and even so, Joel had given her a warning. 
Hillary wanted to say more, but Joel looked over dispassionately and said, “Aren’t you in a hurry? You can leave after you say goodbye to Mia.”
“… Okay.” 
Hillary didn’t dare to say any more. She nodded, took a deep breath, and went upstairs. After doing a simple packing of her things, she came back down and said, “I only took some of the clothes that I usually wear, Joel. I’ll go home for a few days for now… I’ll come back again when you aren’t this mad anymore, okay?” 
Joel neither agreed nor disagreed. He merely gave her a small smile. 
Hillary couldn’t help but become lost in his smile. 
Who wouldn’t fall in love with such a handsome and gentle man? 
She left the house with her suitcase. After she left, Joel turned to Mia. He picked up his daughter and looked at her little oval-shaped face. Her big eyes were filled with puzzlement. 
He suddenly asked, “Mia, let’s not allow Mommy to come back anymore. Is that okay?” 
Mia was still young, so she didn’t understand any of this. Her eyes merely flickered a little when she heard what her father said. 
To be honest, her mother treated her alright. 
Although she had a nanny taking care of her daily needs ever since she was a baby, her mother had still taken her to school in the morning and picked her up in the evening every day. She even slept together with her. 
However, she had never told anyone that she was afraid of her mother. 
There was no love in her mother’s eyes whenever she looked at her. The way she smiled when she looked at her seemed more like how she looked when she was inspecting the jewelry that she had bought…
Her mother often told her to make her father happy. She wanted her to be obedient and forbade her from making any noise and making trouble unreasonably. She forbade her from doing this and doing that, making the timid girl even timider than she originally was… 
Later, she even occasionally complained resentfully, “It’s all because you’re not a boy. That’s why your father doesn’t want to marry me…” 
After hearing too much of that, she had become a little afraid of her mother before she even realized it. 
When she said that she was leaving, Mia had actually breathed a sigh of relief inwardly. 
She stretched out her little arms and put them around Joel’s neck. She sounded as timid as ever as she said, “… Okay.” 
As soon as she said that, Joel called out to the butler. 
The butler immediately walked over respectfully and asked, “Is there something you need, sir?” 
Joel looked up at the second floor with his upturned eyes and said, “Pack up the things in that woman’s bedroom and send them to the Joneses. Do not allow her to ever enter the house again.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
At the sight of the butler going upstairs and getting people to pack up the things in the bedroom, Mia felt inexplicably relieved. 
— 
At Club Prism. 
Justin was currently ordering food in the private room.
As the head of the Hunts, he actually had nutritionists especially in charge of managing his diet. Justin had always preferred mild-tasting food and didn’t particularly hold any desire for good food. 
He was equally strict on Pete. 
However, he looked at Cherry in this instant and said, “You can order whatever you want.” 
Cherry pointed to the ice cream and said, “Daddy, this looks delicious, yeah!” 
The weather hadn’t completely become warm yet. Having ice cream during this period easily gave one the runs, so Justin was rather hesitant. However, when he made eye contact with his daughter’s big innocent eyes, he nodded and said, “… Okay, we’ll order it!” 
Cherry pointed at the French fries. “Daddy, I wanna eat this!” 
Fried, greasy foods like French fries were obviously unhealthy. Justin never ate such things, but he nevertheless said, “Okay, we’ll order it!” 
“Daddy, I want this, too!” 
“Okay, we’ll order it!” 
“Okay, we’ll order it!” 
“Okay, we’ll order it!” 
As a result, the table was filled with messy, random dishes before Nora even arrived. 
The table was full of food, but both of them merely stared at the food without touching it. 
Cherry swallowed. “Why isn’t Mommy here yet?”
Justin also raised his eyebrows. He was about to reply when the thudding of footsteps suddenly reached them from the door. 
Justin couldn’t help but say, “Your Mommy likes being late quite a bit, huh.” 
Cherry nodded. She was already holding the ice cream and ready to dig in the moment Mommy sat down. 
Click! Clack! Click! Clack! 
The footsteps got closer and closer. Something suddenly occurred to Justin and he remarked, “I don’t think I’ve ever seen your Mommy wearing high heels?” 
He couldn’t help breaking into a smile the moment he said that. 
The woman had always worn flat-heeled shoes whenever he saw her in the past, yet she had suddenly put on high heels for the date today. Had she put on makeup and specially dressed up for it? 
It seemed that he wasn’t the only one who was looking forward to the meal after all! 
However, Cherry blinked and tilted her head to the side hesitantly. She replied, “But Mommy doesn’t ever buy high heels!” 
She didn’t ever buy high heels? 
The moment Justin heard what she said, someone suddenly pushed the door open. At once, a tall and slender woman with long arms and legs appeared at the door. Before she even entered, her loud voice had already reached them. 
“Nora, how can you pick a good place like this when you’re asking me to treat you to dinner? I’ll say this in advance—you’ll also have to fork out some money if it’s too expensive… No, wait, what the f*ck?”
A shocked Tanya stared at the two people in the room and subconsciously said, “Am I in the wrong room?” 
But that didn’t make sense! Cherry was in the room! 
She swallowed, picked up her cell phone, and called Nora. 
“Where are you?” 
Nora’s lazy voice rang out on the phone. 
“Mr. Hunt was the one who did you the favor. Why do I have to be present when you’re the one treating him to dinner?” 
Tanya, “” 
Justin, “” 
Cherry was the only one who suddenly relaxed completely. She happily dug into her ice cream with a spoon. 
“…” 
The private room suddenly fell into a strange silence. In the end, after Tanya hung up, she smiled awkwardly and said, “I’ll take care of the bill, Mr. Hunt. Please enjoy your meal with Cherry… Pit.” 
Tanya quickly slipped away. 
With Nora absent and Justin indulging her, Cherry finally had her fill of food.
It was only when her belly was all round and bulging that she finally went home with her sullen-faced father. 
As the villa was under renovation, the two of them stayed at the Hunt manor that night. It was already late, so they didn’t see the other Hunts there. 
Cherry obediently went to bed after Justin sent her to her room. 
At one o’clock in the morning. 
For some reason, Justin suddenly woke up. He went next door uneasily, intending to pull up the covers for Cherry. However, as soon as he opened the door, he saw his daughter holding her belly with her hands, her forehead covered in perspiration…
###Chapter 142: Joel Smith Is Cracking
Chapter 142: Joel Smith Is Cracking 
Justin’s eyes widened in shock. He hastily went over and picked up his daughter, who broke into a frown. In her dazed state, she saw Justin and said, “Daddy, Cherry’s stomach hurts so much…” 
A stomachache… 
Justin hastily carried her downstairs, but Cherry instead cried out, “I want Mommy… Mommy…” 
Mommy… 
On the way to the hospital, Justin took out his cell phone and called Nora in the end. 
The phone rang for a very long time before it was finally picked up. The recipient also sounded displeased as she said, “You’d best have something important to say.” 
Justin said, “… Pete’s having a stomachache. I’m taking him to the hospital now.” 
There was only a one-second pause before her voice became much clearer—obviously, she had woken up. She said, “I’ll come over right away..” 
At the VIP ward in Hospital Finest. 
Justin sat on the edge of the bed and looked at the tiny little child lying down. IV fluid was flowing into her body through the needle on her hand. Cherry, who finally wasn’t hurting anymore, had fallen asleep. 
Suddenly, the door was pushed open and a figure rushed over in front of him like the wind.
Justin saw Nora come up to Cherry slickly but anxiously. She reached out her hand and checked her pupils. Then, she held her other hand as if she was checking her pulse. After that, she stood up and took a look at the IV fluid prescribed to Cherry. After checking all these, the woman, who had a chilly look on her face, finally said, “It’s normal stomach flu.” 
However, she didn’t relax much even after saying that. 
Cherry was born prematurely. She might look stronger and sturdier than Pete, but that was only because Nora had spent a lot of hard work and effort nursing her back then. 
Compared to most people, things were more troublesome when she fell sick. 
Nora took out a bag of pills from her pocket, took one out, and stuffed it into Cherry’s mouth. 
The action woke Cherry up, and she opened her eyes in a daze. When she saw Nora, she let out a soft mew of ‘Mommy’ like a kitten. After that, she swallowed the pill, which had melted in her mouth the moment it entered, and fell asleep again. 
This time, however, she looked much better. 
After Cherry’s condition stabilized, Nora, who was dressed completely in black, suddenly stood up, hooked her finger at Justin, and walked out. 
Justin stood up slowly. The corners of his lips curled upward slightly and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye exuded an alluring charm. 
He followed Nora out of the ward and saw her turning into the stairway at the side. Before she went in, she even specially looked back at him. 
Her almond-shaped eyes were warm and inviting.
Justin walked over again. He had only just turned the corner when someone suddenly grabbed him by the shoulder and pushed him toward the wall. By the time he was held against the wall, the woman had already come right up to him. 
She gripped his collar with one hand and held him down forcefully while also holding his hands down with her other hand, thereby trapping him in place. 
Justin didn’t resist. He leaned against the wall docilely and looked at the woman in front of him with a smile. Although she was half a head shorter than him, the look in her eyes was wild and untamed as she lifted her head and stared at him. She asked, “Mr. Hunt, why did you come to me when your son fell sick?” 
The mirth in Justin’s eyes intensified. 
Was she suspecting that he knew the truth? 
He asked calmly, “Aren’t you a doctor?” 
Nora was dubious of his claim, but not only did the man look calm, but his eyes were also dark and unreadable. She couldn’t tell what he was thinking at all. She went on and asked, “There are many good doctors in the hospital.” 
Justin’s voice was low and deep. Nora could even feel the vibrations in his chest when he spoke. 
“But none of them are you…” 
So, it was because he knew she was Anti? 
That was obviously what he meant, yet he made it sound as if he was whispering sweet nothings to her. That man really was trying to flirt with her every moment of the day. 
The look on Nora’s countenance flickered a little. It was only then that she noticed that the domineering vanilla scent on the man had filled her nose as they were in such close proximity to each other. 
Her grip on his collar loosened slightly and she pulled away from him. However, there was still some resentment in her eyes as she asked, “What did Pete eat in the evening?” 
Justin didn’t dare to be careless about this, so he listed the dishes one by one. 
“Ice cream, French fries, mousse cake, iced watermelon juice, and…” 
As she listened to the menu that he was casually relaying, Nora’s lip corners spasmed and she said sharply, “Children have weak digestive systems, so they can’t eat too much at night, especially when there’s both hot and cold food agitating the stomach. Even adults wouldn’t be able to take it, let alone children? How exactly did you raise your son to his current age, Mr. Hunt?” 
As Pete was staying with her lately, she had taken the opportunity to conduct a full-body check-up on him. 
Apart from being a little thinner than most, there was nothing really wrong with him. 
However, at the sight of how casual Justin was about this, she really couldn’t help doubting whether he was qualified as a father or not! 
The lectured Justin touched his nose awkwardly. 
“…” 
Of course, he was strict about that little brat’s diet, but whenever he was facing Cherry, the moment she called out ‘Daddy’ in that soft and tender voice of hers, he simply couldn’t bring himself to harden his heart, alright? 
However, this was indeed his fault.
The usually domineering man backed down and said sincerely, “It’s my fault.” 
Only then did Nora return to a straight posture. However, the next moment, Justin let out a soft chuckle and added, “We originally ordered those dishes for Ms. Smith though. Since you didn’t come, Pete and I could only eat them ourselves. After all, it’s not good to waste food.” 
Nora, “?” 
Was that guy blaming her for bailing on him? 
— 
At the other end of the hallway connecting the hospital’s VIP wards. 
Joel, who was in the hallway, was talking to the doctor. He asked, “My third uncle’s condition had already been brought under control recently. Why did he suddenly faint?” 
The doctor touched his glasses and sighed. He replied, “We did a CT scan on Mr. Smith and found a tumor in his neck. 
The concrete details remain to be seen, but we will expedite the process and check if it’s malignant or benign.” 
Joel nodded. There was a bit of anxiety on his usually gentle countenance. He asked, “What happens if it’s malignant? And what happens if it’s benign?” 
The doctor heaved a sigh and replied, “Mr. Smith’s tumor is located too close to the arteries and is very dangerous. Most hemangiomas are benign. As long as the patient is nursed well, there usually aren’t any major problems. However, if it’s malignant, there’ll be some difficulties removing it via surgery.”
As the tumor was very close to the arteries, the moment one showed even the slightest bit of carelessness, even an unsteady hand could lead to the patient’s death. 
Anti was probably the only one in the world who would dare to take on an operation like that. 
The doctor didn’t dare to voice that out loud though. He could only hope that the tumor would turn out to be benign and have the patient undergo conservative treatment. 
After the doctor finished talking to Joel about Ian’s condition, he left for consultation. 
A frowning Joel walked toward the ward. His frown deepened when he saw the lights in the other VIP ward on the same floor. 
Someone immediately explained, “It’s the Hunts’ little mister. He’s down with stomach flu, so they brought him here to put him on the drip.” 
The Hunts’ little mister… In other words, Tanya’s son? 
It was already so late. Tanya would probably also be there, right? 
Joel, who wanted to see her, walked toward the other ward impulsively. However, when he passed by the stairs, he suddenly sensed something and quickly turned his head. Through the glass window on the door to the stairway, he could see a man and a woman sharing a passionate kiss inside… 
The man was Justin Hunt. 
As for the woman, she was… Nora Smith from the Andersons? 
As though he had been petrified, Joel froze where he was!
###Chapter 143: What’s Your Relationship With Mr. Hunt, Ms. Smith?
Chapter 143: What’s Your Relationship With Mr. Hunt, Ms. Smith? 
Joel stopped abruptly in his tracks, a touch of surprise forming in his upturned eyes. 
Justin Hunt was with Nora Smith? 
What was the relationship between the two of them? 
Suddenly, the people inside seemingly noticed the movement outside, and Justin’s razor-sharp gaze penetrated through the window. 
Joel quickly stepped backward and hid to the side. He didn’t look inside anymore. However, he could hear violent thuds and thumps coming from within. There were sounds of their bodies hitting the wall, as well as muffled grunts from colliding against each other. He could also hear gasps in between… 
The intense activity made even Joel blush. 
He took another step back and slipped away quietly as if he was afraid that they would discover him. Now, that would be awkward. 
. 
The last time he could remember hearing such children-inappropriate sounds was back when he was still with Tanya five years ago. As for Hillary, it was because he had been drunk one night. He clearly remembered that the person he was with in bed was Tanya, yet when he woke up, it became Hillary instead… 
In his memories, he had never slept with Hillary before.
Not in the past, let alone during the last five years. 
Joel didn’t continue going to the ward in front but returned to Ian’s ward instead. 
— 
In the stairwell. 
With her leg blocked, Nora’s fist came into play. Spying an opening, she threw a punch at his left shoulder. 
After succeeding, she finally ended the fight and took a step back, pulling away from him. She said coldly, “Mr. Hunt, please keep an appropriate distance from me.” 
Justin held his shoulder. From the look of it, his injury seemed pretty serious. He gave her a wry smile and said, “You seem to be the one who approached me first, Ms. Smith…” 
Nora was still pulling a long face. Her gaze was sharp and her eyes misty from anger. The tips of her ears were also a little red. 
She was only planning to teach Justin a small lesson just now, but the moment they finished talking and she let go of him, he immediately reached out and held her by her waist, bringing her toward him. Then, he leaned down and kissed her… Kissed her… 
Damn it! 
Nora had thrown a punch at him the very next moment. Unfortunately, the man had the audacity to actually duck. The two of them had fought for a full ten minutes before she finally found an opening and hit him, thereby taking her revenge on him. 
Nora looked at him coldly and clenched her fists. “If this ever happens again, Mr. Hunt, I’ll kill you!”
Then, she pushed the door to the stairwell open and left at once, leaving Justin there as he touched his nose in embarrassment. 
He thought back to the scene just now. 
The stairwell was dimly lit. The girl’s head was raised as she stared at him with her cold, sharp eyes. On her small, palm-sized face were a pair of delicate eyebrows and eyes, a sharp and pert nose, and moist, rosy lips… 
Unable to hold back, he had acted on impulse and kissed her. 
Although the kiss had lasted only a brief moment, the girl’s soft and tender lips lingered in his memory even now. 
As he touched his dislocated left shoulder again, a smile suddenly appeared at the corners of his lips. 
She was wild enough for his tastes indeed. 
Ten minutes later. 
The family doctor came over to pop his shoulder back into place. When he saw how Justin couldn’t exert much force, he couldn’t help but find himself a little dumbfounded. 
“Who beat you up, Mr. Hunt?” 
After all, there were only a few people in New York—in fact, in the whole of the United States—who could beat Justin in a fight! 
The family doctor had always just been treating Pete and Justin’s mother whenever they were unwell. This was the very first time he was treating Justin in all these years!
However, the moment the question left his mouth, he secretly regretted his actions. He shouldn’t be asking that much about his employer’s affairs, especially when it was about Justin. On the surface, the man seemed like the head of the Hunts. However, he knew his identity was by no means simple. He had never said anything more than what he should during all these years. 
Now that he had suddenly asked such a question, would Mr. Hunt get mad at him? 
The family doctor observed Justin carefully while he kneaded his shoulder. However, not only was the man not annoyed, but the corners of his lips were even slightly lifted. 
The beauty mark at his eye that usually exuded a chilly and ruthless aura actually even seemed to be shimmering a little at the moment. 
Justin, who was obviously in a fantastic mood, even replied to his question from just now, “It was worth the fight.” 
The family doctor, “…” 
Why were there people who actually liked being beaten up? 
Surely his boss wasn’t a closet masochist, right? 
Should he prescribe him some medicine for his mental health? 
After having his joint popped back into place, Justin started walking back to Cherry’s ward while moving his shoulder. As expected, he saw that the woman was still there. She had fallen asleep on the sofa at the side. 
Her eyes were closed, and her long silky and glossy hair was spread out behind her. Her small pert nose made her look quiet and docile.
Coupled with how thin she was, it made one want to protect and take care of her because they couldn’t help but feel that she looked so weak and frail. Yet, once she opened her eyes, she would change into a completely different person. 
Justin softened his steps. He checked on Cherry first—she was sleeping soundly with her little mouth open and was even talking in her sleep. She mumbled, “Stinky Daddy! How dare you delete me from your Facebook account. I’m never talking to you ever again!” 
Justin, “…” 
He let out a soft chuckle and pulled up the covers for her. Then, he heaved a sigh. 
Had he known that Cherry was his daughter, he would have been delirious with joy a long time ago. He would never have done all those things that were no different from slapping himself in the face. 
After pulling up the covers for Cherry, he looked at the woman on the sofa again. Then, he took off his jacket, walked over, and gently covered her with it. 
— 
The next day. 
It was already bright and sunny by the time Nora woke up. 
Cherry was eating her cereal obediently on the bed in silence. 
Nora got ready to get up. However, when she shifted, the jacket on her shoulders immediately slipped off. Her gaze swept toward it—when she saw the black custom-made suit jacket, she raised her eyebrows. 
She yawned and stood up.
Cherry said, “Daddy has a meeting in the morning, so he went off for it. Where are you going now, Mommy?” 
Nora stretched and shuffled toward the door as she replied, “I’m going home.” 
Cherry gave her a pitiful look. “… Mommy, can you bear to leave me all alone in the hospital?” 
Nora glanced at her and said coolly, “Don’t be so fake.” 
“…” 
Then, Cherry giggled and said, “Take care, Mommy~” 
Now that Mommy was gone, she could play all the games she wanted! 
As she hadn’t live-streamed the previous evening, she couldn’t help but wonder how Sponsor Grandpa was. She had sent him a text message on Messenger in the morning, but he hadn’t replied to her. Sigh! 
A troubled Cherry rested her chin on her hand. What was the matter with Sponsor Grandpa? 
She picked up her cell phone again and sent him another message on Messenger: ‘Sponsor Grandpa, I was hospitalized because of stomach flu last night. Have you had your lunch today?” 
It was just a pity that the text message still went unanswered even after she sent it out. 
— 
Nora left the ward, dragging her feet loudly as she shuffled out. She had just turned the corner when she saw a figure there looking at her. 
“Are you free for a quick chat, Ms. Smith?”
Nora raised her eyebrows. She thought that Joel was approaching her because of Ian—after all, the Andersons were the only ones with Carefree Pills—so she nodded. 
Unexpectedly, the next moment, Joel instead asked, “What’s your relationship with Mr. Hunt, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora, “”
###Chapter 144: Nora Hates Misunderstandings The Most
Chapter 144: Nora Hates Misunderstandings The Most 
The man in front of her was gentle and mild-mannered. His eyes were slightly upturned and he looked rather polite. However, the way he was speaking sounded a little strange. 
Nora found his question rather ridiculous. 
This was only the second time they were meeting, yet he was already starting to take note of her private life? 
Even though she found him rather likable, she nevertheless couldn’t be bothered to talk to him about such things. She raised her brows slightly and said coldly, “It seems like you’re minding more than just your own business, Mr. Smith?” 
She’d had a pretty good impression of him when she first met him back then. 
However, when she realized that his wife was the one who was bullying Tanya, Nora couldn’t be bothered to be civil with him anymore. 
She left straightaway. 
. 
Joel broke into a frown as he stared at her from the back. He couldn’t help but go after her and say, “Ms. Smith, allow me to remind you that Mr. Hunt already has a child!” 
Nora, “?” 
She looked back and raised an eyebrow. “So?”
After a long silence, Joel finally smiled bitterly and said, “As far as I understand, Mr. Hunt intends to marry the child’s mother. It doesn’t seem like a good idea for you to get in between them like that.” 
“The child’s mother?” 
“Yes, that’s right. The child ultimately still needs a mother…” said Joel with some difficulty. 
Back then, it was exactly because he felt that Mia needed a mother—as well as the fact that he didn’t intend to remarry—that he had allowed Hillary to move in. 
Now that he thought about it again though, that wasn’t true at all. 
At the sight of Joel in such an internal struggle, something seemed to click in Nora’s mind. The corners of her lips curled upward as she raised her eyebrows and asked, “Is the child’s mother whom you’re referring to, Tanya?” 
From the look of it, Nora also knew of Tanya’s existence. 
Joel nodded. “Yes, that’s right.” 
If Nora became close to Justin, going by Tanya’s character, she would definitely be sad, right? Or perhaps she would compromise for the child’s sake? 
Therefore, the best solution was to have Nora take the initiative to withdraw from the relationship. 
This way, he would also be fulfilling Tanya’s wishes somewhat, right? 
A wave of irritability surged up within Joel. Going by his character, he’d rather drag Tanya back with him and keep her by his side. 
Just like what he had done back then…
But he knew Tanya too well. That woman would never allow herself to be controlled by him. 
He looked at Nora and said, “As long as you’re willing to leave Justin Hunt, I can fulfill one of your wishes for you.” 
Nora, “?” 
She suddenly smiled and said, “You’re going to make me misunderstand something if you do that, Mr. Smith.” 
Joel’s heart sank. 
If she found out that Tanya used to be involved with him and told Justin about it, Tanya would probably have a hard time in the future. 
Joel’s expression turned a little cold. Just as he was deep in thought, he heard the girl’s cool and crisp voice. 
“Are you interested in Mr. Hunt, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel, “” 
“If so, I’m willing to pull out from the relationship and fulfill the two of you.” 
“…” 
Nora’s bright and clear eyes were full of mirth as she took in Joel’s facial expression, which looked as if it was about to crack. Then, she walked around him and headed to the car park. 
That guy must have misunderstood Tanya, right? 
Yet, in spite of that, he was still willing to go to that extent for her. Not bad.
After Nora took a few steps forward, the man at the back came after her again. After seemingly letting out a sigh, he said in resignation, “Even though you didn’t agree to my request, I can still fulfill one of your wishes for you, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora was a little taken aback. “Why?” 
Since he hadn’t allowed her to treat Ian’s illness, then that meant they must still harbor resentment toward the Andersons. What was Joel suddenly approaching her for? 
Joel, however, stared at her for a while before he slowly replied, “It’s because you’ve done me a favor.” 
Nora was puzzled. “What favor did I do for you?” 
However, Joel didn’t explain any further. He took a step back and said, “I’m a man of my word. Goodbye.” 
Nora was rendered speechless. 
Joel went upstairs after that. As he hadn’t slept a wink the previous night, he rested sleepily on the sofa in Ian’s ward and closed his eyes. 
His executive assistant-cum-bodyguard, who had been with Joel the whole time, couldn’t stop himself from asking, “Has Ms. Smith helped you out in some way, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel opened his eyes. The deep look in his eyes made people unable to guess what he was thinking. 
He glanced at Ian on the bed and slowly replied, “Of course. She saved Uncle Ian’s life.” 
The executive assistant, “”
He was confused by Joel’s reply. Wasn’t Tina York the one who saved Mr. Ian? Why did it suddenly become Ms. Smith instead? However, Joel clearly didn’t have any intentions of explaining any further, so he simply shut up. 
After resting for a while, Joel finally instructed, “Find Anti.” 
The assistant nodded. “We’ve already started investigating Anti’s whereabouts last night, but we couldn’t find anything so far. We’ve also put up a reward for his whereabouts in international forums. So far, what we’ve found out is that Anti once treated the elderly Mrs. Hunt in the past. It seemed like Justin Hunt was the one who found him that time.” 
At the mention of Justin, a competitive look appeared in Joel’s eyes and he said coldly, “Do you think I can’t find someone that Justin Hunt could?” 
All the warmth and mildness around Joel disappeared in this instant, and his entire self seemed to be dyed with a layer of black, making him look like a demon from hell itself. 
At this point, they heard slight movement at the bed. 
Joel, who had sensed it right away, hurried over. Sure enough, he saw Ian slowly opening his eyes. 
An anxious Joel said, “Uncle Ian.” 
Ian glanced at him. When he saw the shadows under his eyes—obviously, he hadn’t slept all night—he said, “It must have been tough on you.” 
Joel shook his head. “Don’t worry, Uncle Ian, I will definitely find Anti. I’ll drag him here and make him treat your illness even if he’s unwilling to!” 
Ian sighed and said, “If I’m gone, then so be it. What’s the use of doing all this?”
Determination filled Joel’s eyes as he held Ian’s shoulders. He said, “No, Uncle Ian, you have to live on…” 
He paused for a moment before he went on and said, “You’re my only kin now.” 
His only kin… 
Should outsiders hear what he said, they would definitely find his words very strange because there were still so many members of the Smiths. By right, based on blood relations, he still had a lot of relatives. 
However, Ian seemed to understand what he meant. His jaw tensed up as though he wanted to say something, but in the end, he didn’t. He merely heaved a deep sigh instead. 
— 
On the way back to the Andersons, Nora gave Tanya a call after thinking about it a little. 
Tanya answered very quickly. She sounded very anxious as she asked, “How is Cherry? Why did they ask you to go over in the middle of the night? Is it serious?” 
Nora looked ahead and replied concisely, “It’s not gonna kill her.” 
‘Not gonna kill her’… 
Tanya panicked. “That means it’s very serious, right? Is she at Hospital Finest? Which ward is she in? I’m going over now!” 
Nora lazily told her the ward number and hung up.
Joel had obviously misunderstood. In that case, she would let Tanya resolve the misunderstanding herself. 
Nora hated misunderstandings the most. 
After resolving the misunderstanding, if it was still possible between the two of them, then they could just get together. If not, then they could break up properly… 
Upon receiving the news, Tanya hailed a cab and rushed to the hospital. As soon as she went upstairs, she immediately saw Joel walking out of Ian’s ward…
###Chapter 145: God-mom… Tanya
Chapter 145: God-mom… Tanya 
The premium VIP wards were on the top floor of the inpatient department. The lift was full, but Tanya was simply too anxious, so she had taken the stairs instead. Therefore, she didn’t expect to run into Joel. 
Joel, who had something urgent to attend to, had to go downstairs, so he also took the stairs. 
Joel was currently standing on higher ground and looking down at Tanya, while Tanya was standing on lower ground and looking up at him. 
The two looked at each other. For a while, neither of them spoke. 
Tanya had rushed all the way here, for fear that Cherry was seriously ill. At the sight of Joel’s familiar face, she subconsciously felt even sadder and her eyes instantly reddened. 
Five years ago, she could have made that man her pillar of support. 
. 
But five years later, he had already become another woman’s pillar of support. 
The thought made Tanya hold back the tears about to gush out of her eyes. She cast her eyes down and walked around Joel so that she could go up. 
Joel was watching her. 
When the woman first saw him, there had been some lingering affection in her expression. It reminded him of how she had always come to him immediately whenever she was lectured by a professor or whenever she encountered some kind of difficulty.
She would hug him and cry, or hug him and laugh. 
She always shared all her feelings with him. Just now, she had looked as if she wanted to rush forward and hug him. 
Yet it had taken only an instant for the woman to change her mind. The look in her eyes became distant, and she even wanted to walk past him. 
The rose-scented shower gel on her wafted over to him. The scent was so familiar and so long-lost that it made a lump form in his throat. 
Tanya wanted to walk past the man quickly and hurry to the ward. 
There was no one else in the stairwell, and the door had shut out all the noise in the hallway outside. 
She felt like she could even hear the man’s heartbeat in the small, closed-off environment. The stairs were relatively narrow, so Tanya turned sideways when she passed him by. 
It was at this point that the man suddenly grabbed her arm. He asked, “Tanya, do you know that there’s something going on between Justin Hunt and Nora Smith?” 
Tanya didn’t immediately understand what he meant, so she frowned and said, “Their relationship can’t be made public yet. What’s the matter?” 
‘Can’t be made public yet’… In other words, she knew? 
Since she knew that man was two-timing her, then why was she still staying with him? 
Five years ago, when she realized what had happened between him and Hillary, hadn’t she immediately left him so firmly and resolutely? Was it because she loved that man more than she loved him?
Joel felt terribly frustrated. He asked, “Therefore, you’re willing to turn a blind eye to their relationship? Or are you actually the mistress instead?” 
Although he hadn’t interacted much with Nora before, he could tell that she was a very prideful woman. 
Joel would never believe that she would become someone’s mistress. 
But if it wasn’t Nora, then the real mistress was… Tanya? 
Anger surged up in Tanya when she heard what he said, and she let out a sarcastic laugh. 
So, was she actually someone like that in his eyes? 
She looked down and pushed Joel away at once. Then, she said distantly, “There’s nothing between the two of us anymore, Mr. Smith. It’s none of your business whether I’m someone’s mistress or not, right?” 
Tanya wanted to leave after saying that, but Joel held on to her arm, pulled her toward him again, and slammed her against the wall at the back! 
Tanya’s words just now were tantamount to a tacit admission to Joel. 
The look in his eyes turned dark and the aura around him also turned oppressive. He said coldly, “Since you’re willing to be someone’s mistress, then… why don’t you be mine?” 
An angry Tanya snapped, “Joel Smith, can you get any more shameless?!” 
Joel gripped her chin and forced her to look up at him. He said, “How much is Mr. Hunt giving you? How about I double the amount? Or is it because of the child? In that case, if you bear me a child, I’ll give you the position of Mrs. Smith. Isn’t that better?”
‘Child’… 
Tanya was so furious that she was shaking all over. 
She sneered, “Your behavior is going to make me think you still have feelings for me, Mr. Smith.” 
Taunts had been the most effective on him in the past. 
Her words indeed made Joel’s expression change, but right after that, he leaned in close. She could feel his breath on her neck as he spoke. 
“I wouldn’t call it feelings, but I do miss your body very much. I wonder if it’s become even more alluring after five years of separation?” 
His words were as if a hard slap across Tanya’s cheek. 
She shouted angrily, “What, is Hillary not satisfying your needs?” 
Joel’s voice also became a little harsher. He said, “She was never as curvy as you right from the start. After all, a dancer’s body is softer and more flexible, so you can better match me and get into all kinds of positions with me!” 
“… Joel Smith, you’re so shameless!” 
“Shameless? I can be even more shameless, Ms. Turner. Do you want a taste of it?” 
Joel started to kiss Tanya right after he said that! 
A furious Tanya struggled to get away from him, only to find that the more she struggled, the more fiercely the man kissed her. It was as if he wanted to swallow her whole… She simply couldn’t push him away, no matter what she did. Tanya slowly gave up struggling.
Joel felt like he had gone crazy. 
Originally, he had said all those things and provoked her just for a momentary thrill, but when he saw her admitting to it without denying anything, he found his heart hurting even more, and felt even sadder. 
He allowed himself to vent all the yearning he had toward her during the last five years, but suddenly, something warm dripped onto the back of his hand. 
The warm current felt as though it was scalding hot, causing his movements to suddenly stop. 
Joel looked at Tanya and saw that she was really crying. 
For a moment, he actually felt somewhat at a loss. 
Smack! 
Tanya slapped him across the cheek. Then, she pushed him away and rushed upstairs. 
In the ward upstairs. 
When Tanya entered, she found an alive and kicking Cherry playing games. It was then that she realized that she had been tricked. After comforting Cherry a little, she left with flustered emotions… 
Joel was the only one left in the empty stairwell. 
Joel clenched his fists. When he thought of Tanya’s tears just now, he suddenly gave himself a slap. 
He had been a real scumbag just now. 
But he really couldn’t bear to see her disrespect herself like that.
Joel leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. After a long period of silent contemplation, he suddenly heaved a huge sigh. 
He stood up suddenly. However, instead of going down, he went back up. 
He stood at the door and hesitated for a long time before he finally turned and walked toward the young Mr. Hunt’s VIP ward. 
When he reached, he stood at the door for a long time again… At last, he pushed the door open. 
However, he only saw two bodyguards and two nurses there. Tanya wasn’t there. 
His brows drew together. Then, Cherry raised her head and looked at him in puzzlement. She asked, “Handsome mister, why are you here?” 
Joel was about to speak when Cherry pursed her lips and said, “I don’t like you! It must’ve been you who bullied God-mom Tanya and made her cry!” 
Joel was utterly stunned when he heard what she said. He asked, “What did you say?” 
God-mom… Tanya?
###Chapter 146: It’s A Small World
Chapter 146: It’s A Small World 
Cherry had been part of Operation Complain To Daddy, so she naturally knew that it was Mia’s father who had bullied God-mom Tanya. However, she was still young, so she didn’t understand the complicated relationship between the two. 
With her hands on her hips, she looked at Joel and said, “Handsome mister, how can you bully a girl when you’re so good-looking? God-mom Tanya was crying!” 
Crying… 
He thought of her tears that had fallen onto the back of his hand… 
Joel suddenly stepped forward. “She’s your godmother? And not your mother? So, she’s not related to Justin Hunt at all?” 
Cherry straightened her back at once. “Why wouldn’t she be related to him?!” 
Joel’s heart sank, but the next moment, he heard Cherry continue: 
“My godmother is Mommy’s good friend. Since Mommy and Daddy have given birth to me, then my godmother will definitely be related to Daddy, yeah! Don’t you dare bully God-mom anymore. Otherwise, I’ll get Daddy to beat you up, yeah!” 
After saying that, the little fellow even got off the bed, came up to Joel, and kicked him in the calf. 
. 
Although she had kicked him with all her strength, to Joel, it was nevertheless still just a very light kick. He lowered his head and looked at the tiny fellow in front of him who was about the same age as Mia.
He suddenly rubbed her head and said, “You’re right. I’m a bad person. I shouldn’t have bullied your godmother… How do you think I should apologize to her?” 
Cherry, “?” 
Eh? 
The young mister surprisingly owned up to his mistakes very quickly. 
Cherry thought for a moment and replied, “A fault confessed is one half-redressed, mister. You’re a pretty good man!” 
Joel tried to sound her out and asked, “Do you know what your godmother likes the most?” 
Cherry tilted her head and thought for a while. Suddenly, her eyes lit up and she replied, “I know! There’s nothing that God-mom has lacked during all these years—except for one thing!” 
“What is it?” 
— 
“Nora! Smith! What the hell do you think you’re doing?” 
Nora was driving when she heard Tanya’s roar over the phone. She looked ahead lazily and asked casually, “How does it feel to meet your old flame, Ms. Turner?” 
The other woman’s voice instantly became dejected and she replied, “Not so good.” 
Nora chuckled softly and asked, “Did you guys manage to resolve the misunderstanding?” 
Tanya didn’t reply.
Nora raised her eyebrows. “You can’t be serious, right? Are you going to let the misunderstanding continue when I’ve already created an opportunity for you?” 
Tanya let out a wry laugh and said, “It’s not about that. It’s mainly because… Even if we resolve the misunderstanding, so what? The two of us can’t go back to what we used to be anymore.” 
“Why?” 
Tanya sighed. “He’s already in a relationship with Hillary. What would that make me, if I involve myself with them? Besides, they already have a child…” 
The conversation suddenly became a little depressing. 
Nora fell silent for a moment. Then, she suggested, “How about… we make him a widower?” 
Tanya, “?” 
She received a huge shock and quickly said, “There’s no need for that at all! Even if he becomes a widower, I still don’t like it that he was once in a relationship with Hillary. He clearly knows that she is the one person I hate the most…” 
Nora was rather disappointed. “… Okay, then.” 
Tanya, “…” 
Then, she said, “How about a drink tonight, Nora? We’ll drink till we dro—” 
Beep… beep… beep… 
Tanya, “”
As Tanya listened to the disconnected tone on the phone, she couldn’t help but feel that she and Nora must be fair-weather friends for sure! 
Nora tossed her cell phone aside casually after she hung up, and drove to the New York University School of Medicine. The guards had already been notified beforehand, so they let her in immediately when she reached the gates. 
She drove one round around the campus. Then, she followed the GPS navigator and arrived in front of the office building. After she parked the car, she entered the building. 
As soon as she entered, she saw Director Shaw, who was nearly fifty years old, standing at the entrance. He looked at her respectfully and said, “You’re here!” 
Nora nodded slightly. 
The few people behind Director Shaw were shocked. 
One must know that Director Shaw was hailed as a master neurosurgeon in the school! Not only was he the head of the Department of Neurosurgery, but he was also a director in the New York Hospital, and held an important position in the field of medicine. 
Why would someone like him be so respectful and deferential toward a girl who looked like she was only about twenty years old? 
While everyone was hesitating, Director Shaw held his hand out and guided her toward the front. He said, “This way, please.” 
Nora followed Director Shaw to his office.
Director Shaw said to his assistants, “Hurry and make some coffee. Use the premium beans in my collection. Remember to make it stronger, so that it’s more refreshing!” 
The assistants were dumbfounded. 
Director Shaw usually treated those premium beans like they were his baby, yet he was actually taking them out today and serving them to a girl who looked like she was much younger than he was? 
Director Shaw ignored his assistants’ questioning gazes, entered the room, and closed the door. 
When he looked behind him, he saw that the big boss had already taken a seat on the sofa and was leaning back against it. 
The girl wore a pair of black skinny jeans that made her legs look long and slender. She leaned against the sofa lazily with her cat-like eyes raised, but there was no warmth within them. She asked, “Why did you ask me over so urgently, Mr. Shaw?” 
Director Shaw immediately waved and said, “How am I worthy of having you use honorifics for me? Anti, I asked you over because there’s an operation that requires your expertise.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What kind of operation is it?” 
Director Shaw sighed and replied, “It’s a five-year-old child with a tumor in his brain. The tumor’s location is very tricky, and there’s a high likelihood that it’s in contact with neural nerves. If one isn’t careful, it’ll affect the child’s future intelligence development, so I’m thinking of asking you to do it.” 
Director Shaw looked at her and said, “I know you only take on two operations a month and this month is already fully booked. But that child is really very pitiful, so I decided to ask you for help. Anti, I—”
Director Shaw was about to appeal to her through emotions and reason when Nora raised her eyebrows and asked, “Is that all?” 
Director Shaw, “?” 
Nora stood up, yawned, and said, “Couldn’t you have just called? Instead, you made me come down here specially… You can just send me the time and location of the operation.” 
Then, she waved dismissively and walked out. “I’m going.” 
Director Shaw, “” 
It was notoriously difficult to make surgery appointments with Anti. There were countless wealthy and powerful people begging for her help, yet they couldn’t even find her. The Hunts and the Smiths had gone to a lot of effort to search for her, and even promised to pay astronomical consultation fees, but even so, she hadn’t agreed! 
He’d thought that it would take a lot of convincing before she would agree! 
He hesitated for a moment and said, “Anti, that child doesn’t come from a notable background… But don’t worry. If you take on the operation, you can take it that I owe you a favor.” 
Nora responded with an ‘Okay’ and left the room. 
The assistants outside didn’t dare to stop her when they saw her and even gave way to her. 
Nora went to the car park. When she was about to leave, she suddenly heard someone saying in surprise, “Nora? Why are you here?” 
She looked behind her to see Angela Smith and Lisa Black, whom she hadn’t seen for a long time, walking toward her.
Angela looked at her car, and then at the office building. Her brows drew together and she asked in surprise, “Surely you can’t be here to apply for postgraduate studies, right?” 
###Chapter 147: Are They Really Father And Daughter?
Chapter 147: Are They Really Father And Daughter? 
Nora was a little taken aback. 
Ever since she came to New York, she hadn’t paid any attention to the ongoings in California anymore. 
Although Angela was her half-sister, there was tension between them, so she didn’t want to bother with her at all. 
Lisa did mention that they were coming to New York for their postgraduate studies’ entrance exams, though. 
She didn’t expect to bump into them here. 
She ignored Angela. Instead, she looked at Lisa and asked, “Which professor are you intending to apply for?” 
Lisa glanced at Angela timidly and replied, “I’m still thinking about it. I’m planning to apply for someone who’s easier…” 
“Heh.” Angela scoffed and said, “How ambitious of you.. Well, I’m a completely different story. I came here with a clear goal, and that is Director Shaw!” 
She looked at Nora and said, “Do you know who Director Shaw is? He only accepts four to five students every year. A tiny little unorthodox doctor like you probably won’t be able to pass the exams at all though.” 
To Angela, Nora had never attended college before. The reason why she had some medical skills was that she had picked up some unorthodox skills abroad. 
How would a woman who had never properly attended university before possibly be qualified to apply for postgraduate studies? 
Nora, however, ignored her completely. In fact, she didn’t even exist in her eyes. She looked at Lisa instead and asked, “Where are you currently staying?” 
“At the hotel next to the school. The lodging there is very cheap… You don’t have to worry about me, Nora.” 
Lisa glanced at Angela after she answered. She quickly said, “You can just go, Nora. We have to go in and ask around to find out what the professors’ preferences are like anyway…” 
“Go? What nonsense. Tell me what exactly you’re here for, Nora.” Angela demanded persistently, her voice as noisy as a frog’s croaking. 
Nora, however, continued to ignore her. She said, “Okay. Give me a call if anything comes up, or if you run out of money.” 
She got in the car. 
Angela went in front of the car and blocked her path. She said, “Get out here, Nora. Didn’t you hear me? You—” 
Nora stepped on the gas pedal and raced toward her! 
The car suddenly sped up, causing Angela to shudder all over in fright, and she screamed. 
Screeeeech!
The car stopped barely one centimeter away from her. Angela could even feel the car’s momentum! 
She turned pale with fright. The woman rested an arm on the car window, poked her head out, and said coolly, “Get out of my way.” 
A badly frightened Angela stepped aside in a daze. 
She had only just taken a couple of steps when the car started again and sped past her with a whoosh. 
Its speed was as if Nora was driving a sports car! 
Angela swallowed hard. It was only when the car disappeared into the distance that she finally regained her senses. She cursed angrily, “She wanted to run me over! That little bitch! Fatty! Ugly woman! How dare she think of running me over! She must be jealous that I got engaged to Anthony!” 
After Nora left California, the Grays and the Smiths were embroiled with each other for some time. In the end, Anthony had still become engaged with Angela. 
Lisa couldn’t bring herself to listen anymore. She said, “Nora doesn’t even know that you’re engaged, Angela. None of us even told her about it…” 
“Shut up!” 
Angela glared at her viciously. “From what I see, all you care about is Nora, right? Why don’t you stay with her instead of sticking to me, then?” 
Lisa bit her lip. “In that case, give me back the money that Uncle Henry lent me.” 
Their family had used up all of their savings on her mother’s illness. 
Her mother had borrowed money from Angela’s father, Henry Smith, for all her travel and accommodation expenses during her trip to New York for her postgraduate studies application. However, Henry had transferred all the money to Angela, causing Lisa to be bullied by her the whole way here. 
Angela pursed her lips and said, “You’re borrowing money from Dad, which makes you borrowing money from me, Lisa. Considering that you’re indebted to me, I hope you know what you should be saying!” 
She frowned again after saying that. “Nora was driving a jeep just now, right? I didn’t expect the Andersons to treat her so well… Do you think that she was here because the Andersons are intending to let her pursue postgraduate studies?” 
Angela’s eyes lit up at the thought, and she picked up her cell phone and called Henry, who was in California. She said, “Dad, I think Nora definitely has a way to get Director Shaw to do what she wants! Can you ask her to help me?” 
Henry replied, “Okay!” 
— 
When Nora was about to reach home, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
It was an unregistered number. 
She wasn’t planning to answer, but because she was driving, she pressed the wrong button and accidentally picked up the call. Henry’s voice immediately reached her from the other end of the call. 
“Nora, I’m your father. I was the one who raised you, so you’re obligated to support me during old age! We’ll put aside the issue about your mother’s company’s profits for now, so get the Andersons to use their connections to get your younger sister acquainted with Director Shaw at once!” 
Nora, “?”
How had she set that mad dog free? 
She was about to hang up when her stepmother Wendy’s voice also reached her. She said, “Nora, I know you don’t want to come back anymore because you’re now living in the lap of luxury after you went to the Andersons. You’ve also taken away your mother’s company and are not intending to give it to us, but we’re still family, at any rate. Blood is thicker than water; Angela is your sister after all. Help her out; if she becomes a famous surgeon and makes money in the future, we won’t have to pester you when we’re old, either, right? Don’t you agree?” 
Nora suddenly smiled. “Blood is thicker than water?” 
Wendy replied, “Yes, that’s right. You and your younger sister share the same father, so the same blood flows through your veins. You mustn’t forget your roots after you’ve climbed up the social ladder!” 
The same father… 
If they hadn’t reminded her, she would have almost slept herself into a daze and forgotten that she had a father. 
That father of hers was a really weird one though. One couldn’t say that he didn’t treat his daughter well, because he took care of all of Angela’s needs properly. Yet at the same time, he was cold and frosty toward Nora. 
It was as if it would do as long as she didn’t starve to death. 
Nora cast her eyes down and suddenly raised her eyebrows. “I see.” 
“Huh? What do you mean by ‘I see’? Nora, you—” 
Before Wendy could finish, Nora had already hung up.
She called Lisa. “Where are you?” 
A surprised Lisa replied, “I’m still at the school.” 
“Okay. I’m coming to you now.” 
Lisa was dumbfounded. “Why are you looking for me, Nora?” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed and the corners of her lips curled upward a little. She replied, “Oh. I want to see if blood is indeed thicker than water between Angela and me.” 
Lisa, “?” 
She hung up on an utterly confused Lisa. 
The car turned around at the intersection and went straight to the New York University School of Medicine. 
Ten minutes later, the jeep stopped in front of the office building. 
Nora hopped off the car slickly and walked straight over to Angela and Lisa. 
Angela smiled triumphantly and said, “Hah, did Dad call you? Nora, I’ll tell you this…” 
Before she could finish, however, Nora suddenly grabbed her hair. She felt a jolt of pain at once. The next moment, she saw that Nora had plucked out a few strands of her hair. Her voice was lazy as she said: 
“Let me borrow this for a sec.”
###Chapter 148: Yes, I’m Bullying You. So What?
Chapter 148: Yes, I’m Bullying You. So What? 
Angela immediately held her hand over her head in pain and took a step back. “What are you doing, Nora?!” 
While Angela was still in shock, Nora quickly put the strands of hair into a plastic bag. After putting it in her pocket, she raised her eyebrows and replied, “I didn’t do anything.” 
Angela said angrily, “You obviously hurt me just now! You’re bullying me!” 
Impatience flashed across Nora’s eyes. “Yes, I’m bullying you. So?” 
So? So, what? 
Angela had never been able to beat her sister in fights. When they were children, she was fat and strong. However, after they grew up, she had beaten her up whenever she saw her because she really wanted to. 
She took a step back with her eyes all red. “I’m going to tell Dad! Don’t be so smug just yet, Nora!” 
. 
Nora waved nonchalantly and turned to leave. 
“Where are you going?” Angela panicked again when she saw her leaving. “Dad told you to take me to Director Shaw so that we can talk about my postgraduate studies application! Didn’t you hear what he said?” 
Nora, however, got into her car and drove off as if she really hadn’t heard about it.
This time, Angela didn’t dare to stand in her path. 
Forced to helplessly watch as she left, Angela stamped her foot in anger. 
She looked at the office building again. She wanted to go in but was stopped again. She was so mad that she immediately blamed it on Lisa. She snapped, “Why didn’t you stop her just now?” 
Lisa kept her head down and said nothing. However, her delicate brows knitted together. 
Angela became angrier at the sight of her reaction. “You’re such bad luck. Whom are you trying to show that long face you’re pulling every day? C’mon, let’s go. Are you just going to continue standing there and embarrass yourself?” 
Lisa sighed and followed behind Angela. When the two were about to leave, they suddenly heard a voice coming from behind them. 
“The two of you, please wait a moment! Director Shaw is asking you to go upstairs.” 
Upstairs. 
Director Shaw was astonished when he saw through the windows that the big boss had returned in her very wild-looking jeep. 
Then, he saw her saying a few words to the two girls downstairs before she left again. At once, Director Shaw couldn’t sit still anymore. 
Anti was an internationally-renowned master surgeon. She had done him a huge favor when she agreed to perform the operation, so he was currently troubling over how he could return the favor. 
That was why he had hurriedly told his assistant to invite the two of them upstairs.
The usually stern and serious man was currently looking at Lisa and Angela with a big smile. He asked, “How are the two of you related to An… I mean, Ms. Smith?” 
How they were related? 
Angela’s eyes lit up. 
In Angela’s opinion, Nora must have met Director Shaw through the Andersons. She immediately smiled and replied, “I’m her younger sister!” 
Sure enough, Director Shaw became more kindly. “Her younger sister? Are you a medical university student?” 
Angela quickly shook her head. “No, I’m not, Director Shaw. I finished my undergraduate studies at the California University of Medicine. These are my exam results. I came to New York because I’m planning to apply as a postgraduate student under your tutelage this year.” 
She was planning to apply as a postgraduate student under him? 
Director Shaw became even happier. He picked up Angela’s results and took a couple of glances. 
Angela’s grades were very solid, and she was always among the top scorers every year. Otherwise, Henry and Wendy wouldn’t have treated her like a precious treasure. Neither would the Grays have agreed to her becoming Anthony’s fiancée instead of Nora, either. 
Director Shaw praised, “Your grades are very good! How are your written exam results in the postgraduate entrance exams?” 
Angela became even more excited at once. She replied, “I’ve passed the exam, so I’m waiting for the interview notice now!” 
“Okay, I’ll keep you in mind!”
Director Shaw then looked at Lisa. “You’re…” 
Before he could finish, Angela stepped in front of her and said, “She’s my classmate who accompanied me here. Director Shaw, if you can give me a chance, my sister and the Andersons will definitely repay you for your kindness.” 
Repay him for his kindness? 
A horrified Director Shaw replied, “Not at all, not at all.” 
Anti needed only to say the word and he would take in as many postgraduate students as she wanted him to! 
Angela’s eyes flickered when she heard what he said. She couldn’t help feeling like the Andersons’ social status was even higher than she had imagined… She smiled and said, “Director Shaw, if there’s nothing else, we’ll leave for now?” 
Director Shaw nodded. “Sure. You can go home and wait for the interview notice!” 
After that, Angela led Lisa out after glaring at her. 
As soon as they exited, Angela, at the sight of Lisa dilly-dallying, sneered, “What are you moving so slowly for? Are you planning to ask me to introduce you to Director Shaw? Hah, weren’t you behaving pretty loftily just now? Didn’t you say that people shouldn’t use such connections for their benefit?” 
When she was calling Henry just now, Lisa had tried to persuade her against it. She had said, “Let’s work hard on our own instead, Angela. Let’s not give Nora any trouble… Besides, one should apply for postgraduate studies based on their own merit, after all…”
Lisa lowered her head upon hearing what Angela said. She said, “Y-you said that you’re Nora’s younger sister just now. It’s not very nice to use the Andersons’ name without their permission, is it?” 
Angela immediately looked at her. “I’m Nora’s biological younger sister. What’s the big deal even if I make use of her? However, you’re just a cousin, so of course, you can’t do the same!” 
She picked up her cell phone excitedly at this point. When she did, she happened to see someone on Facebook at-mentioning her and asking her how the exam went, how her interview was going, and whether she was confident or not. 
Angela hadn’t mentioned anything at all prior to this. After all, when Anti had exposed her lie in front of everyone back in California the other time, the school had punished her and left a blemish on her record. They had also canceled her eligibility to receive recommendations during postgraduate studies applications. 
However, she could finally hold her head up high and brag on her social media now. She wrote: ‘Director Shaw said that my grades are very good when we met just now. He wants me as his postgraduate student very much.’ 
A furor went through her social circle at once. 
‘Director Shaw? Is it the same Director Shaw I’m thinking of? F*ck!’ 
‘Angela is just so impressive! She was already a hotshot when she was in school. Now that she’s in New York, she’s become a hotshot again! Dear Ms. Smith, please don’t forget your old classmates when you make it big in the future!’ 
Everyone showered Angela with compliments, making her feel as if she was on cloud nine.
Lisa was the only one standing there and looking at her hesitantly as she thought, ‘I think Director Shaw told her to wait for an interview notice just now rather than an enrollment notice, right…? But if I remind her about it, she’ll definitely scold me again. In that case, I’d better just not say anything.’ 
After the two girls left, the nearly fifty-year-old professor took off his glasses and massaged his temples. 
For some reason, he didn’t quite like that girl just now. 
After teaching so many postgraduate students, one could say that he could already see through these children’s thoughts at a glance. 
There was too much going on in that girl’s eyes, and her attitude toward medicine was impure. 
Director Shaw picked up his cell phone and sent Nora a text message detailing the time and location of the young patient’s operation. 
The big boss replied very quickly this time: ‘Got it.’ 
Director Shaw stared at her message. Then, he suddenly sent another message: ‘Do you have a younger sister named Angela? She says that she’s planning to apply to become my postgraduate student.’ 
One mustn’t stay quiet after doing a good deed. 
He mustn’t let Anti think that he was useless. 
However, the next moment, he received a reply from her…
###Chapter 149: The Interview Noticev
Chapter 149: The Interview Notice 
Anti: ‘I don’t know who that is.’ 
Director Shaw, “?” 
It suddenly occurred to him that even though the two of them had spoken to each other downstairs, if Angela really was Anti’s younger sister, why would she choose to apply to be a postgraduate student under him rather than at Professor Anti’s? 
Anti was a neurosurgery professor at the New York University School of Medicine by the school’s invitation. Many people were aware of this. During the last two years, there was no lack of people applying to become her postgraduate students. However, as Anti was out of the country, she had never accepted any of them. 
But she had returned to the States this year! 
At the very worst, she could have brought her sister with her instead! 
This showed that her relationship with her younger sister must not be that great. 
The shrewd Director Shaw immediately caught all these little details very sensitively, and he breathed a sigh of relief at once. It was fortunate that he had made the effort to bring it up and prevented his plan from backfiring on itself! 
This was exactly why people shouldn’t just do things for someone else’s sake without saying anything about it.. Without asking the other party about it, how would one know whether or not they truly needed it? 
— 
Nora had just sent the strands of hair, whose follicles were intact, and her own hair samples abroad a moment ago. 
She called Lily, her assistant, and instructed, “Go to the most professional DNA testing lab and give me the results as soon as possible.” 
A puzzled Lily asked, “Why don’t you do it in the States instead, Anti?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Because it’s easy for others to falsify results here.” 
“…” 
Lily fell silent—she actually found herself rendered speechless. A moment later, she said, “I strongly feel that you have a persecution complex. You’ve been hiding your identity for so many years because you’re supposedly in mortal danger, but I’ve never seen anyone wanting to kill you.” 
Nora chuckled and replied, “Yeah, maybe you’re right. Just get it done for me, though.” 
She didn’t dare to let her guard down even after she hung up, however. 
Her mother, Yvette Anderson, had told her to stay mediocre and avoid being too outstanding. If not, it would get her killed! 
She still didn’t know where exactly the danger would come from. However, she was no longer the same woman with a devil-may-care attitude from a few years ago, either. 
She had two children now. 
One would never go wrong being a little more careful.
After couriering the package, she drove leisurely to the kindergarten to pick up Pete from school. 
Tanya was in a bad mood that day, so she had taken a day off and hadn’t gone to the kindergarten. As a result, she had to pick up Pete from school before she could go to bed. If only Pete could drive home by himself! 
She let out a yawn while thinking about it. 
At the same time, a surly-looking Pete stood at the entrance of the kindergarten with his schoolbag. After his repeated protests, Mommy had finally allowed him to wear trousers instead today. 
After all! 
There were also other little girls in the kindergarten who wore the trouser version of the school uniform. 
While he was waiting in boredom, Nora finally arrived. 
After the little fellow got into the backseat and fastened his seatbelt, he heaved a silent sigh and asked, “Can I stop going to school, Mommy?” 
Nora turned the car around and asked, “Why?” 
Pete complained, “The kids in the kindergarten are too childish!” 
Through the rearview mirror, Nora could see her son frowning helplessly. She asked curiously, “What happened?” 
Pete replied, “The teacher told us the story about the tortoise and the hare today. Then, they asked us whether we wanted to be a tortoise or a hare.” 
Nora chuckled and asked, “And then?”
Pete replied, “… Why do the kids want to be hares instead of the humans that they are?” 
“…” 
Then, Pete lowered his head again and went on. “Also, Brandon drank a girl’s yogurt drink today. The girl also drank it after that. Then, she became very scared and said that her mom and dad had told her that she would get pregnant if she kissed a boy. So, she asked what she should do if she became pregnant?” 
Nora was no longer sleepy at this point. She asked, “And then?” 
Pete sighed. “Brandon patted his chest and told her not to worry. He said that she can just give birth to the baby if she really becomes pregnant. After that, the three of them can attend kindergarten together!” 
“…” 
Pete looked at Nora. “Sharing a yogurt drink won’t make anyone pregnant—you have to sleep together for that to happen. They are so ignorant!” 
Nora, “…” 
She held her laughter back and instead said approvingly, “I find Brandon quite a responsible boy, though. The Smiths have taught their children pretty well.” 
Pete, “?” 
Was Mommy actually praising Brandon, that simple-minded boy who had almost castrated himself? 
He pursed his lips and said, “I will also be a very responsible boy.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Oh? Is there a kid you like?”
Pete tilted his head and answered seriously, “Yes!” 
Tsk. 
Unexpectedly, that stubborn block of wood, who was just like his father, actually had someone he liked? 
But as soon as Nora thought so, he said, “I like Cherry.” 
“…” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed a little. “What about people aside from Cherry? Do you have any friends you like?” 
Pete was mildly autistic, so Nora had to slowly bring him out of it and encourage him to become more cheerful. Besides, since she was driving and couldn’t sleep, she might as well tease him a little. 
Pete originally wanted to shake his head, but a timid little figure suddenly surfaced in his mind. 
He asked, “Mommy, what will happen if someone who’s allergic to mangoes eats it?” 
Cherry had told him that Mommy’s medical skills were the best in the world. 
Nora replied, “They’ll be fine if they are sent to the hospital for treatment in time.” 
In that case, why didn’t Mia come to school today? 
However, he wondered about it for only a moment before he tossed the thought to the back of his mind. 
When they reached the Andersons, Pete got out of the car by himself and waited obediently for Nora. 
As for Nora, she saw a text message from Justin when she picked up her cell phone: ‘How about visiting my son again this evening, Ms. Smith?’
Nora, “?” 
Cherry was just having mild stomach flu. With the pills that she had fed her, she must be full of energy at the moment. Yet she was still in the hospital? 
Weren’t they going to go home? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little and she replied: ‘He should be fine by now.’ 
After replying to the message, she brought Pete with her and entered the house. 
— 
In the hotel next to the New York University School of Medicine. 
Angela had only booked one room, and it was a double-bed room at that. The bed could obviously fit two, but she cooked up an excuse that she wasn’t used to sleeping with someone else on the same bed, and forced Lisa to sleep on the sofa instead. 
After happily having a big feast, Angela was currently painting her nails with a mask sheet on her face and doing her skincare routine. In contrast, Lisa was bent over the desk and studying. 
The interview was just a few days away. She wanted to do well in it. 
When Angela finished painting her nails, she stretched out her arms and leaned back against the bed while sitting upright. At the sight of what Lisa was doing, she couldn’t help but laugh. “What’s the use of working so hard? Which professor are you applying for?” 
Lisa ignored her.
Angela went on. “Is it Tina York? Not only did she just become a professor this year, but she’s also young, so she’s definitely inexperienced. But given your grades, you’ll be doing pretty well if you can become a postgraduate student under her! At least you’ll still be a postgraduate student at the New York University School of Medicine. It’ll be easier for you to find a job in the future.” 
Right after she said that, their cell phones suddenly beeped at the same time—the interview notices had arrived! 
A beaming Angela picked up her cell phone and opened the text message.
###Chapter 150: The Familiar-Looking Jeep
Chapter 150: The Familiar-Looking Jeep 
Both of them had received interview notices. 
To apply to become a postgraduate student, one had to pass a preliminary exam and then an interview. Before the interview, they should also make contact with their tutors, so that they would pass the interview more easily. 
If Director Shaw and Angela had really hit it off, with Director Shaw escorting her, the interview would just be a procedure. 
Therefore, Angela wasn’t nervous at all. 
Lisa also breathed a sigh of relief as she looked at the interview notice. Their interviews were on the same day, and results would basically be out shortly after the interviews. 
Once she passed the interview, she would be able to stay in New York and intern at a hospital. However, Lisa wasn’t intending to leave even if she didn’t clear the interview. 
New York had one of the highest standards of medical care in the country.. The city also had the most advanced equipment here, so she wanted to stay and learn more. 
While she was mulling over it, Angela suddenly looked at her. She walked over and said, “I want to use the desk for a while.” 
Lisa, “?” 
Her brows drew together as she stared at Angela whose arms were outstretched, but she still stepped aside in the end and went to the sofa with her books in her arms. 
The sofa in the five-star hotel room was very narrow, so she couldn’t move at all whenever she was sleeping on it. After the last few days, her back was already sore and aching. She leaned against the dining table and continued to read. 
She had only just taken a couple of glances when she heard loud voices. 
Angela had turned on her cell phone and was watching a variety TV show on it. 
She had turned the audio very loud and was also guffawing. It was so noisy that she couldn’t read at all. Lisa took a deep breath, put on her earphones, and continued reading. 
At nine o’clock in the evening. 
When Lisa stepped away from the table, Angela switched off the lights in the room. 
Lisa panicked. “I’m still studying my materials about patients with severe head injuries. I’m planning to go in that direction tomorrow for the interview. Why are you switching off the lights?” 
Angela raised her eyebrows and said, “What does your interview have to do with me? I’m going to sleep. You’ll only have the energy to go through the interview after a good night’s sleep!” 
She laid down on the bed after that. 
Lisa, “!!” 
She took a deep breath and went to the bathroom angrily with her books. She turned on a dim lamp, sat on the toilet bowl, and continued her studies of the subject.
In the room, Angela was resting on the bed. As she was used to staying up, she couldn’t sleep, either, so she started using her cell phone instead. 
Wendy sent her a text message: ‘How’s Lisa?’ 
Angela replied: ‘She’s okay, I suppose, but I don’t want her to pass. It’ll make me look bad if word gets out that she also passed.’ 
Wendy wrote: ‘Isn’t that easy? You can just hide her admission ticket.’ 
Her words made Angela’s eyes light up. 
She sat up from the bed and secretly peeked into the bathroom. 
She wasn’t actually the highest scorer in the California University of Medicine for the postgraduate written entrance examination this time. The highest scorer was Lisa. 
She had never expected that little bitch to outshine her. 
Therefore, she mustn’t give her the opportunity to attend the interview. 
Especially when… Angela had discovered that Lisa had also filled in Director Shaw’s name in the Preferred Mentor field when she took a look at her application form earlier that day. 
Didn’t that make her a competitor, then? 
Director Shaw only accepted four to five postgraduate students a year. Every spot taken was a spot gone! 
Angela got off the bed and quietly went over to Lisa’s schoolbag. She rummaged through it, took out her ID card and her admission ticket, wrapped them up, and hid them in her own bag. 
That evening, Lisa made sufficient preparations for her interview the next day. 
By the time she went to sleep on the sofa, it was already one o’clock in the morning. She rested on the sofa and slept until the sun was up. 
After waking up, she hurriedly washed up. Then, she picked up her bag that she had already packed a long time ago, and went out with Angela. 
The hotel was very close to the university, so it only took them ten minutes to walk there. 
After entering the university, they went to the interview venue. 
Angela took out her admission ticket and ID card and waited to be called in for the interview. The interview included a self-introduction and a self-evaluation. 
While she was silently reciting her self-introduction to herself, Lisa suddenly stood up. “Where’s my ID card? And my admission ticket? Have you seen them, Angela?” 
Angela pursed her lips and retorted arrogantly, “Why are you asking me about your missing ID card? It’s not like I stole it!” 
“That’s not what I mean…” Lisa was in such a panic that she was about to burst into tears. She rummaged through her bag again but still couldn’t find her ID card. Finally, she said, “Give me the hotel’s key card, Angela. I’m going back to look for it.” 
Angela raised her eyebrows and handed her the key card. 
Lisa took the key card and ran to the hotel anxiously.
After she ran off, Angela suddenly stood up and went to the bathroom. Then, she took out Lisa’s admission ticket and ID card from her pocket and tossed them into the trash can. 
When she was done, she left the bathroom feeling refreshed and invigorated. 
Soon, it was her turn for the interview. 
Angela entered the room, only to realize that Director Shaw wasn’t among the four interviewers today. Well, that made sense. After all, why would a doctor of Director Shaw’s level attend interviews like this? 
Angela nevertheless sat down obediently. When asked if she had a preferred mentor, Angela smiled and replied, “Yes, I’ve already talked to Director Shaw.” 
Everyone present could tell what she was implying. 
Interviews were generally simple and easy to clear. Although Angela’s answers weren’t satisfactory, the four teachers still cleared her in the end. 
When Angela came out of the room, she happened to see an out-of-breath Lisa running back from the hotel. 
She was talking to the person in charge of the interview. She said, “I’m sorry. I’m really sorry, but this interview really means a lot to me. Can you allow me to go for the interview first?” 
The staff member sighed and replied, “If you had lost just the admission ticket, I could still have used your ID card to print one at the last minute for you. But since you’ve lost even that, I can’t help you. Please don’t make things difficult for me, miss… You can still try again next year…” 
Lisa’s eyes were all red. “But that means I would’ve wasted a whole year. Please, mister, can you help me ask the higher-ups if they can make an exception? I really like this school. I came all the way from
California to New York for this…” 
At the sight of her crying so pitifully, the staff member relented. Just as he was about to say something, Angela walked over and said bitchily, “Lisa, the most important quality a doctor should possess is meticulousness. What are you making a fuss here for when you can’t even keep your admission ticket and ID card with you properly for an exam? Will you also only realize that you’ve forgotten your scalpel when you’re already at the operating table?” 
Her words made the staff member harden his heart again. 
Angela grabbed Lisa’s arm and dragged her away. “Stop embarrassing yourself here and come with me instead!” 
A despondent Lisa followed behind her. However, when she walked to the entrance, she suddenly noticed a familiar-looking jeep parked there…
###Chapter 151: The Admission Results Are Out!
Chapter 151: The Admission Results Are Out! 
The black all-terrain vehicle was big and bad-ass, and looked especially conspicuous parked there. 
However, what was even more eye-catching than the vehicle was the person casually leaning against it as she used her cell phone with her head down. 
Nora, who was fully dressed in black, leaned lazily against the car as she busied herself with her affairs abroad. She was completely unaware that she had become a sight to behold. 
Students coming and going, as well as passers-by walking past the university gates, found their gazes glued to her. 
Fair-skinned, tall, slender, and curvy, people couldn’t help but turn their heads. 
Lisa was also a little surprised to see her. She called out, “Nora?” 
Upon hearing her voice, Nora finally lifted her head lazily. Her cat-like eyes stared at Lisa’s red and swollen eyes first. She leisurely finished what she was typing on the phone, sent it out, and finally asked hesitantly, “What’s wrong?” 
. 
The two words, however, made Lisa feel as if she was an aggrieved child who had finally found her parents. 
She could no longer control her emotions. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she said, “I… I lost my ID card and admission ticket, Nora!”
Nora, “?” 
She had come over to take a look because Lisa was having an interview today. She hadn’t expected such a situation at all. 
She had been abroad all these years, so she didn’t know much about how Lisa did in school. 
She’d originally wanted to have her be admitted into graduate school on her own, but she hadn’t expected her to run into trouble. Since she had lost both her ID card and admission ticket, this was undoubtedly not just an accident. 
Lisa looked totally deflated after she said that. She hung her head and her shoulders slumped downward. Before she came to New York, her mother had told her not to give Nora any trouble. Thus, she had put up with everything all this time. 
However, she couldn’t help it anymore. She wanted to ask Nora for help. Not to help her get in through the back door, though; rather, she wanted her to help her fight for a chance to attend the interview. 
But before she could say that, Nora walked over. As she passed her by, she said, “Come with me.” 
Those three coolly-uttered words, however, made Lisa’s eyes redden. 
She lowered her head and followed Nora. 
Angela frowned. “What are you doing, Nora? The staff member has already refused to let her attend the interview. Are you intending to get in through the back door? It’s not gonna work!” 
Nora rubbed her ears and uttered in annoyance, “You’re so noisy.” 
Angela, “…” 
She flushed and said, “You—”
Nora suddenly looked at her frostily. “If you don’t shut up, I’ll make it such that you can’t speak ever again.” 
Her eyes were cold and menacing, and tinged with impatience when she spoke. However, her slight display of irritability was actually because she hadn’t gotten enough sleep. 
Angela, however, didn’t dare to say any more and shut up for real. 
She followed behind them unwillingly and the few of them returned to the interview site. 
On the way there, Nora took out her cell phone and tapped on it a few times. When they arrived at the interview site, Angela couldn’t stop herself from muttering, “Isn’t it a bad idea to trouble Director Shaw for something as trivial as this, Nora? Director Shaw’s not going to take me as his student if you do that. You should just use whatever conveniences the Andersons’ name can get you on getting me admitted into the school instead! …” 
The staff member, who recognized them, stopped them resignedly. “Please show me your ID card and admission ticket.” 
Angela lowered her voice and said, “I told you it won’t work, yet you guys simply have to insist on trying. Now that we can’t get in, it’s going to be so embarrassing. You…” 
At this point, Nora took out her cell phone and showed the screen to the staff member. 
At the sight of whatever he saw, the staff member was instantly in awe. 
His attitude became much more respectful and he asked, “Is there something that requires you to come over in person?” 
Nora took back the phone.
What she had shown the staff member just now was her position as an honorary professor in the university. The titular position was actually pretty useful. 
What Nora didn’t know was that this would never work in other professors’ cases. However, Anti had already become a legend to any medical student a long time ago! 
The staff member in charge of maintaining order here was also a teacher in the school, so he naturally knew of her. 
Nora pointed at Lisa. “Can an e-ID card act as proof of her identity?” 
The staff member immediately replied, “I’ll go and consult the higher-ups.” 
“Okay.” 
The three of them continued standing there in the meantime. A frowning Angela couldn’t help asking, “What did you just show the staff member just now?” 
“… Nothing much,” replied Nora. 
Angela shut her mouth huffily. 
She reckoned that it was probably a business card or something from Director Shaw. As expected, the Andersons were in contact with him. After all, Director Shaw was the only one in the entire medical university that staff members would treat so respectfully! 
Nora couldn’t be bothered about her, but she was surprisingly quite attentive toward that little dimwit. 
Five minutes later, the staff member returned and said, “You can go in for the interview now!” 
Lisa entered the interview room.
Angela leaned toward Nora, who was leaning against the wall outside, and said mockingly in a low voice, “It’s still useless even if you help her. Do you know that she actually wants to focus her research on cranial nerve damage reparation? Are there even any surgeons who would do that? Most people with brain issues are already at risk of death; who would care about insignificant problems like that? Besides, I’ve already done my homework—very few people focus on that in the States. Director Shaw once wrote a paper on it, but unfortunately, it didn’t get anywhere in the end…” 
Nora raised an eyebrow. 
She had never thought that Lisa’s research would focus on that. 
A contemplative look flashed across her eyes. 
The interview didn’t take long. Lisa walked out of the room about ten minutes later. She had a rather awful look on her face. 
She had been in a panic after she lost her admission ticket and ID card. To make matters worse, the examiners’ questions during the interview just now had made her even more flustered, so she felt that she hadn’t answered well. 
Angela looked at her smugly. “I told you not to attend the interview, yet you just had to insist. Aren’t you embarrassed now?” 
Lisa didn’t say anything. She heaved a huge sigh instead. 
Medical university interview results were usually announced on the same day, so the two of them didn’t leave after the interviews. They continued to sit outside instead. 
The wait was boring Nora, so she said, “I’ll come back in the afternoon.”
Lisa nodded. 
Angela pursed her lips and looked at Lisa. “Go and buy something for me to eat at noon. You definitely won’t pass anyway, so you’re not that anxious about it, right? I have nothing to worry about, either. After all, Director Shaw and I have already reached an agreement…” 
Her mention of Director Shaw made the examinees around them look over with envy. 
Upon becoming the of everyone’s envy, Angela lifted her chin smugly. 
Mutual selection between candidates and professors was allowed in postgraduate studies applications. This wasn’t considered rigging—after all, everyone did it. 
However, people nevertheless still found those who could contact Director Shaw and reach an agreement with him—impressive. 
At five o’clock in the afternoon, all the candidates finished their interviews. 
Another half an hour later, the final admission results were released!
###Chapter 152: The Most Awesome Mentor!
Chapter 152: The Most Awesome Mentor! 
Inside the interview room. 
After contacting the professors of each respective specialization, the four examiners would collate the candidates’ interview reports, arrange them by the professor they had selected, and then pass the reports to the respective professors. The professors would then pick the candidates they wanted. 
Candidates who weren’t selected would then be passed to their next choice of mentor and be reallocated, and so on and so forth. 
As the newest professor at the New York University School of Medicine, Tina York was one of the examiners today. When she was going to the bathroom halfway through the interviews, she had happened to see Nora with Lisa and Angela. She had immediately narrowed her eyes at the sight. 
Angela’s interview was already over at that time. 
When it was Lisa’s turn, she had deliberately asked a few tough questions to make things difficult for her. Sure enough, it had messed up her answers even further. 
. 
However, the research topic that Lisa had proposed during her self-introduction had been a refreshing change from the usual. 
After she went out, the four examiners had held differing opinions when they were discussing whether or not they should clear her for the interview. 
Some of the teachers were more pragmatic. One of them said, “Although the research topic is a relatively unpopular one, her written test results are good, and can completely make up for a shortcoming like that. Besides, we can just discuss with her and have her change her research topic, and it won’t be a problem anymore.” 
Tina, however, sneered, “As a surgeon, meticulousness and calmness are the most important qualities one should possess. But not only did she lose her ID card, but she even lost her admission ticket. Her answers were also rather sloppy when she came in for the interview and felt as though she wasn’t prepared. It’s obvious that she panicked. Her mental resilience is clearly not up to par!” 
The teacher frowned and said, “I happen to feel the exact opposite. She was able to complete the interview and accurately express her thoughts even after so much had happened. You can tell that she’s still rather orderly even amid confusion and panic.” 
Another teacher said, “Yes, I think Mr. Shaw will like her!” 
Seeing that all three teachers were speaking in favor of her, Tina cast her eyes down and said, “Then we’ll let her pass.” 
People that passed the interview might not necessarily be admitted to graduate school, either. 
After all the interviews were done, Tina was responsible for sending Director Shaw the data of the candidates interested in becoming postgraduate students under him. 
She sent Angela Smith’s immediately when she came to hers. 
She was all form and no function. Even though she spoke boastfully, she had no substance at all. Director Shaw definitely wouldn’t be interested. Besides, she had said just now that she had already contacted Director Shaw. In that case, he would definitely inquire about her if he didn’t see her information anyway.
Lisa Black, though… 
Tina lifted her head and glanced at the other three teachers—she could hold her data back for a few minutes. 
When Director Shaw replied with his candidate choices, Tina finally feigned surprise and said, “Director Shaw, there’s still another candidate here. Here, have a look…” 
However, Director Shaw said, “The ones I’ve selected are candidates whom I’ve already spoken with. The one you’re talking about probably didn’t approach me beforehand, right? I won’t take them in, then.” 
This was what it was like in postgraduate entrance examinations. One must definitely touch base with popular professors in advance. Otherwise, they would easily be cast aside. 
Tina looked at Angela’s data that had been rejected, and then at Lisa’s that she didn’t even submit, and the corners of her lips curled upward. 
Her gaze fell on Angela’s again. She thought of what she had secretly just dissed her about… 
— 
Outside, Nora, who had finished her work, slowly walked over. 
The door opened practically at the moment she reached the entrance. Then, someone came out to announce the interview results. 
“William Lewis, Dr. Sullivan has accepted your application…” 
“That’s great!”
A young man jumped to his feet excitedly. 
Some rejoiced and others grieved after that. 
After nearly half of the candidates’ names were called out, Lisa clenched her fists even tighter and craned her neck nervously to look inside. 
Next to her, Angela sneered, “It won’t be of any use even if you stick your neck right in!” 
At this point, someone came out with Director Shaw’s student admission list. “Next up is the admission list for those applying for Dr. Shaw as a mentor. There are five successful candidates in total. They are…” 
Director Shaw! 
Angela sat up straight and looked over cheerfully. 
After leisurely reading out four names, the teacher smiled and said, “There’s one last one.” 
Angela smiled triumphantly. 
Lisa lowered her head in disappointment. 
Director Shaw was the only one who would be interested in her research topic. She had gone out on a limb on this and was hoping that the research topic would attract Director Shaw’s attention. It seemed like a lost cause now, though. 
At the sight of her hanging her head, Angela’s lip corners curled upward and she patted her shoulder. She said, “It’s okay. I’ll show you my notes when I attend Director Shaw’s classes in the future. I can teach you everything you want to lear—” 
At this point, the teacher announced, “The last candidate is… Zack Lee!”
Angela jumped to her feet and looked at the teacher excitedly, but right after that, she suddenly realized something didn’t seem right? 
Her eyes widened in shock and she looked at the teacher in disbelief. Her voice was shrill as she asked in surprise, “Who did you say it is? Did you get it wrong?” 
A young man suddenly stood up. “It’s me! Hahaha, when I sent Director Shaw an email, his reply only contained the word ‘Received’. I’d thought he didn’t notice me, but…” 
During his excitement, the teacher looked at Angela and said, “By the way, I’ve allocated all the candidates who weren’t selected but are eligible for reallocation to Professor York. She’s a new teacher and full of drive. I’ll announce her list of students now… Angela Smith… Clara Lopez…” 
Angela didn’t expect to hear her name there. 
It was Director Shaw whom she had wanted! Not Tina York or whoever she was! How famous could a newcomer get in the industry? 
“It’s pretty good to be under Professor York, too, Angela.” 
In the midst of her fury, Lisa’s comforting words reached her ears. She turned over. When she saw Lisa’s small and pale face, she suddenly vented all her anger on her. “Of course, it’s pretty good. At least I was accepted, but you didn’t even pass!” 
Lisa turned even paler. 
Angela blasted Lisa with ruthless words again and again as though she was venting her frustrations. “I was mistaken; not just any random Tom, Dick, or Harry can become Director Shaw’s postgraduate student, yet you still applied for him as a mentor. You sure think really highly of yourself!
“You’re too ambitious for your own good, Lisa! Why don’t you take a good look at your capabilities instead? There are fewer than ten people who failed the interview today! Why are you so stupid?” 
Around them, the candidates who had been admitted into the university looked at Lisa with pity, making her wish she could bury herself in a hole… 
Nora’s sharp gaze flickered as she stood in the distance and listened to what Angela was saying. 
Suddenly, the corners of her lips curled upward and she put down her cell phone. The email that she had just sent was still on the screen. 
Almost instantly after she sent the email, the teacher announcing the results suddenly exclaimed, “Wait a minute! There’s one more candidate who has been accepted!” 
Tina was taken aback when she heard what he said. She asked, “Who accepted the candidate?” 
The teacher was so excited that he almost couldn’t speak clearly anymore. He replied, “It’s Anti! This is the first time Anti has accepted a postgraduate student in the university!” 
As soon as the name Anti was mentioned, the entire hallway fell into silence. All the candidates looked at the teacher who was speaking. 
Someone asked, “Who is it?”
###Chapter 153: I’m Her Father!
Chapter 153: I’m Her Father! 
To be able to become a postgraduate student under Anti—and the very first one she had ever accepted at that—Lady Luck must have been practically beaming at them! 
Everyone’s gazes were fixed on the teacher announcing the results, hoping that he would announce who the lucky fellow was. 
For some reason, Angela couldn’t help but swallow hard. She turned her head to see Lisa also watching the teacher nervously. At once, she sneered, “What are you looking at him for? It’ll never be you anyway!” 
Anti had always ignored some of the emails sent to her within the country. Moreover, she only took on two operations a month. How many connections must the accepted candidate have made use of before they finally found her? 
In the midst of Angela’s thoughts, the teacher announced, “The student is Lisa Black!” 
A furor went through all the candidates in the hallway, and everyone looked at Lisa. 
Angela also looked at her in disbelief, her eyes slowly widening bigger and bigger. She suddenly grabbed Lisa by the wrist and demanded, “How did you know Anti?” 
Lisa shook her head—she was so astounded that she couldn’t even speak. 
. 
Angela was about to press the subject when someone ran up to Lisa and asked, “Ms. Black, do you know Anti? How did you manage to get them to accept you as their postgraduate student?” 
“Oh my god, no wonder Director Shaw didn’t accept you. It’s because Anti already has their eye on you!” 
“Hello, Ms. Black. My name is William Lewis. We’re in the same batch of students this year. I hope we’ll get along in the future.” 
More and more people swarmed toward Lisa. Even the staff member couldn’t help but walk over and ask, “Ms. Black, do you really know Anti? What do they look like?” 
Lisa, “!” 
Lisa, who was still reeling from shock, felt as if all these had just fallen into her lap. It was as if she was in a dream where everything in front of her was unreal. 
Everyone surrounded her, causing Angela to be pushed back a few steps out of the circle. 
Her visage was close to contorting from jealousy as she stood outside the crowd and stared at Lisa, who was within. 
How did this happen? How could this happen?! 
Why did Anti suddenly select Lisa? 
In the midst of her doubt, she heard a gentle voice. “You’re Angela Smith, right?” 
A dazed Angela turned and saw Tina standing behind her. Tina looked at her with a smile and said, “You’ll be doing your postgraduate studies under me from now on. Mm, okay, you’re in charge of contacting the rest of the students for now. By the way, I have some forms that have to be filled up. Come with me so that you can take them and distribute them to the others later…”
Although Angela wanted to rush over to Lisa and get the whole story from her, she had no choice but to follow Tina at the moment. The two went to the office building together. 
On the way, Tina asked ambiguously, “What’s your relationship with Lisa Black?” 
Angela balled up her fists. There was hatred in her eyes as she replied bitterly, “She’s my cousin.” 
Tina smiled again. “Oh, in that case, what’s your relationship with Nora Smith?” 
Angela became even more irritated when she thought of that woman. Didn’t she already reach an agreement with Director Shaw to accept her as his student? Why was she suddenly dropped? 
She lowered her head and replied vaguely, “She’s my elder sister.” 
“Your elder sister?” 
Tina looked at her in surprise. “Isn’t she Lisa’s elder sister?” 
Angela, who sounded a little irritated, snapped, “We both have the last name Smith, so of course she’s my sister. Lisa’s last name is Black!” 
Tina narrowed her eyes. Then, she smiled and said, “Oh, it’s because of the admission exercise this time… Those who didn’t know better would have thought that she’s Lisa’s elder sister instead…” 
Tina immediately clapped her hand over her mouth at this point as if she had accidentally just said something she shouldn’t have. 
Angela, who had always been one to come up with all sorts of sneaky little thoughts ever since she was a child, noticed her unusual behavior. She asked anxiously, “What do you mean by that, Ms. York?”
Tina smiled and replied, “Oh, it’s nothing…” 
The more she refused to say anything, the more curious Angela became. She stepped forward, held Tina’s arm, and said, “Ms. York, you can just give it to me straight if there’s something you want to say!” 
Tina glanced at her and heaved a sigh. “Never mind. Since we look like we’ll get along… How about this? Let’s go to the office together. I’ll slowly tell you everything there.” 
— 
In the office. 
“Did you just say that Nora is able to get in contact with Professor Anti?” 
Angela’s voice was so shrill that it almost sounded as if it could pierce through the ceiling. She stared at Tina incredulously. “Is that really true, Ms. York?” 
Tina raised her eyebrows. “Well, I only saw them together once before…” 
Back when Justin got Anti to operate on the elderly Mrs. Hunt—though it was not known through whose connections she had managed to—Nora had also entered the operating room to study and observe the operation. 
Even Tina hadn’t been allowed to enter… 
Later, when she realized that Justin was treating Nora a little differently, she had immediately understood —she must have pestered Justin to let her study Anti’s operation back then! 
Anti was a legend in the field of medicine, after all. Very few had ever seen her during all these years.
Even when she was peeking at them the other time, she had only seen the few people from Anti’s team. She couldn’t tell which one among them was the big boss at all… 
Angela clenched her fists tightly upon hearing Tina’s ambiguous statement. 
At the sight of the menacing look on Angela’s countenance, Tina cast her eyes down again and let out a sigh. She said, “I’d thought that you were on good terms with your elder sister, but… Well, it makes sense too. Not only did she not introduce Anti to you, but even Director Shaw… I accepted you as my student because I took pity on you. Otherwise, you would have failed the admission exercise!” 
Angela’s eyes widened at once. “Director Shaw? What does this have to do with him? Is it also because of her that Director Shaw didn’t accept me as his student?” 
Tina didn’t say any more but only gazed at her with pity in her eyes. 
Angela was shaking all over. She suddenly screamed, “Nora! Smith!” 
She rushed out of the classroom while shouting her name. 
Once she was out, she burst into tears and called her parents in California at once. 
Henry and Wendy answered the call together. A crying Angela told them that not only did Nora introduce Anti to Lisa, but she even stopped Director Shaw from accepting her as his student. The two of them were livid when they heard what she said. 
Wendy sighed and said, “That’s too much of Nora… No matter what, Angela is still her younger sister!” 
Henry smacked the table and said, “I’m going to book a plane ticket right away! We’ll go over and kick up a fuss tonight! What an unfilial daughter! I’m not going to rest until I make her give me a pretty sum of money this time!”
Wendy sighed again. “Is there any use in you going over, Henry? What if Nora ignores us? She has always resented us, sigh!” 
Henry sneered, “It’ll work! It has to! I’m her father! If she abandons me, I’ll sue her! And the Andersons, too! We’ll see which one of them is willing to embarrass themselves!” 
At the same time, Nora’s cell phone rang, and she picked up the call from Lily, who was far away in a foreign country.
###Chapter 154: Sell It!
Chapter 154: Sell It! 
Nora leaned against the window and gazed at the campus scenery outside. 
She had never experienced college life before. Neither had she experienced life as part of a community much before. She found the sight of students walking about outside in twos and threes rather novel. 
She picked up the call and said softly, “Hello.” 
Lily’s voice reached her through the phone. “I’ve received the samples. I’ll do the DNA test myself. Results will be out in three hours at the earliest.” 
For international express mail to be delivered the next day, it meant that they had already expedited the delivery process. 
Nora said unhurriedly, “Okay..” 
She hung up and glanced at Lisa, who was still surrounded by people, again. Despite what had happened, the girl remained neither arrogant nor anxious. Her eyes were still as innocent as before. 
Nora smiled and turned to go to Director Shaw’s office. 
Director Shaw was selecting postgraduate students in school today, so he hadn’t gone to the hospital. He was about to knock off from work when one of his postgraduate students suddenly said, “Director Shaw, Anti has actually taken a postgraduate student by their own initiative!” 
Director Shaw was stunned. “What?”
“It’s true! My goodness, Anti was already a professor in name here two years ago. By right, they should have made time to conduct a lesson here, but for two whole years, we didn’t even see what they looked like. Yet they’ve accepted a postgraduate student the moment they appeared? I’m so envious of that student!” 
“Sob, would I have stood a chance to be selected by Anti if I had taken the postgraduate entrance examination this year instead?” 
While the few of them were talking, Director Shaw coughed and said coldly, “Hah, I see. So, none of you wanted to be my postgraduate students?” 
The students, “…” 
Director Shaw coughed again. In order to protect his dignity as a department head, he said, “Anti isn’t actually that amazing, either. What’s mainly impressive about Anti is that they have steady hands! If I had my current level of medical insight when I was their age, I could also do a few perfect operations!” 
As soon as he finished bragging, he heard a soft and low voice saying, “Really?” 
Director Shaw, “” 
His head whipped around. At the sight of Nora, the corners of his lips couldn’t help but spasm. 
He hurriedly walked over and asked with a smile, “Why are you here?” 
Nora couldn’t be bothered to continue the topic just now, so she shuffled toward his office. Director Shaw wisely followed after her. After he closed the door, he asked, “Are you going to hold lectures in the school this year?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “No.” 
Director Shaw was surprised. “Then that means you’re intending to take on projects?”
“… No.” 
Director Shaw was confused. “Then why did you accept a postgraduate student? How are you going to teach her and impart knowledge to her?” 
That was exactly why Nora had come over. Her cat-like eyes looked at him calmly and she said, “Didn’t you say that you owe me a favor?” 
Director Shaw looked at her, speechless for a moment. 
Three years ago, when he was abroad for a medical exchange, Anti had utterly impressed him. He’d also been troubled by something academically related and hadn’t had any breakthrough in it for many years. It was Anti who had given him a few random pointers that had given him inspiration. 
Director Shaw had stuck to her and refused to let her go ever since. He also insisted on giving her a titular professor position in the school. 
Director Shaw said, “So?” 
“Guide Lisa for me.” 
Director Shaw, “…” 
He just knew it wouldn’t be anything good! 
He was actually very busy, so he recruited very few postgraduate students these days. He only accepted a token four or five per year. Additionally, it was mostly his assistants who were giving them lessons on his behalf and helping him to guide the newbies. 
Having one more student to teach didn’t make any difference, though, so Director Shaw nodded and said, “Okay.”
Seeing that he had agreed to her request, Nora stood up and got ready to leave. She was about to walk out of the office when Director Shaw asked, “Why did you accept that young woman? Is it because she’s your relative?” 
To be honest, if she was going to have him guide her like this, she might as well have just given him a phone call and asked him to accept one more postgraduate student. It’d have been more convenient that way. 
Nora, however, lowered her gaze at his question. She suddenly curled her lips into a smile and replied, “No, it’s not because of that.” 
She would never let anyone get in through the back door if their skills weren’t up to par. 
The reason why she had accepted Lisa was that the research topic she proposed happened to be one that she had been thinking of tackling recently. 
Besides, Lisa had pure eyes; people like that were great for academics. 
She waved as she walked casually to the door, and said, “She’s my postgraduate student. I’m just letting you guide her a little for now.” 
“…” 
After leaving Professor Shaw’s office, she returned to where she had been just now and found that everyone was still discussing the subject as enthusiastically as before. Lisa had already become their favorite person. 
Nora sent a text message to Lisa and asked her to meet her the next day for a talk. Then, she went home.
Having been held back a little today, it was already some time after six by the time she got home. 
When she parked the car, she happened to see Logan coming out of the house. 
The twenty-year-old boy had a stubborn and untamed look in his eyes. His fair and attractive visage was filled with irritability at the moment. He snapped, “I’ll just mortgage the car to you, okay? What are you pressing me so much for? 
“That car’s original price was 18.5 million dollars. It’s not too much of me to lower it to 12.5 million, is it? What? Nine million? What you’re doing is no different from kicking me while I’m down, Winston!” 
The other side then said something that made Logan so angry that he hung up on them right away. 
When he lifted his head, he happened to see Nora. He glared at her, stormed straight into the garage, and drove the ugly poop-yellow sports car out. 
Even though he had tried his best to hide it while he was walking, one could vaguely still tell that his sprained ankle from the other time still hadn’t recovered… 
However, Nora didn’t give the matter much thought and entered the house. 
Logan bore with the pain in his ankle as he drove, and he made another call. 
“Spread the news for me. Aren’t a lot of people interested in my Ferrari? I’m willing to sell it…” 
The person on the other side sighed and said, “That’s not a problem, but what are you going to do about your ankle? You still have another competition. If you also lose that one, you won’t have a car to sell anymore!” 
Logan clenched his fists.
The few of them were unofficial racers and had set up a sportsbook. 
He had been firmly ranked first in the country all these years, but a few days ago, someone had secretly assaulted him… He had broken his ankle in the process. 
The doctor had said that he must undergo surgery in order for the bones to heal! 
Yet, if he underwent surgery, they couldn’t guarantee that he would be able to maintain the same nimbleness in his ankle as before. 
The person on the other end said, “You only have two options now. The first is to find the master surgeon Anti to operate on you and treat your injury; otherwise, you won’t be able to ever race again! The second is to find the international racer Yanci and get him to race in the competition on your behalf. Otherwise, you’ll really be finished this time!” 
Neither of the options was achievable. 
Logan lowered his gaze. A brief moment later, he took a deep breath and said, “Let’s just find a buyer first!” 
“… Can you really bear to sell Little Yellow? You usually can’t even bear to let me touch the car. It’s one of the most notable limited edition sports cars in the world, you know. If you sell it, you may not be able to find another car that suits you in the future even if you have the money!” 
Screeeeech! 
Logan stopped the car at the roadside when he heard what the other party said. 
He stroked the steering wheel and the seat…
Everything in the car was once what he loved the most. Selling it was no different from cutting the flesh off his body. 
But there was no way he could implicate the Andersons in his affairs. 
Logan slowly closed his eyes and uttered, “Sell it!” 
— 
At the Andersons, Nora sat at the desk after she went upstairs. Her fingers tapped lightly on the desk as she waited for Lily’s DNA test results.
###Chapter 155: He’s A Slave To His Daughter Alright
Chapter 155: He’s A Slave To His Daughter Alright 
She had gone to the university that day, so she wasn’t free to pick up Pete from kindergarten. It was Melissa who picked him up. 
Melissa entered the room nervously. After glancing outside the room, she came up to Nora, neatened her dress, and sat down gracefully in front of her. Then, she said unhurriedly, “I have something to talk to you about, Nora.” 
“… What is it?” 
Melissa frowned and asked, “Do you find Cherry’s behavior a little strange lately?” 
Nora, “?” 
Melissa sighed and said, “Cherry used to be very lively and a sweet talker. She played with me all day and also loved eating. Lately, though, she’s become a lot quieter. When I picked her up from school and asked her what she wanted to do just now, she actually said that she wants to do gardening and play chess with Great-Grandma. The two of them have been in the garden for an hour and a half!” 
Nora, “…” 
. 
Melissa said sincerely and earnestly, “I know you’re a good girl and that you treat your child very well, Nora, but you have to spend more time with your child when you have the time. Otherwise, she’ll easily develop psychological issues.” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed a little at the kind reminder from her aunt, and she replied, “… Okay.” 
Melissa breathed a sigh of relief. She stood up and got ready to leave. When she was about to step out, Nora suddenly asked, “By the way, is everything fine with Logan?” 
The boy’s words just now had made her a little suspicious. 
Had he encountered some kind of difficulty? 
Melissa sighed when she heard her question. “That boy doesn’t tell me anything. I don’t know what he’s doing outside at all, sigh. But even though he seems a little stubborn and belligerent, he’s actually a very kind boy. 
“Never mind. Let’s just leave him be.” 
Melissa waved and went downstairs. 
Beep, beep. 
Nora’s cell phone beeped twice. When she picked it up, she saw a text message from Cherry: ‘Mommy, Princess Lucy sent me a picture of her new car. Isn’t this pink Ferrari adorable?!” 
Little Lucy was a friend that Cherry had made when her aunt living abroad brought her to the UK. 
The UK had a queen and a princess in the royal family. 
Lucy, the second princess, had hit it off with Cherry right away. The two girls then added each other on Facebook so that they could chat with each other. 
It should be noted that when Lucy asked for Cherry’s contact information, Cherry had told her that she only used Facebook Messenger. The girl had then specially registered a new private Facebook account for her sake.
Princess Lucy only had one friend in the account, and that was Cherry. 
Nora ignored the text message. 
Perhaps because she saw that her mother hadn’t replied, Cherry sent another message after a while: ‘Mommy, Cherry also wants a sports car like that, yeah~’ 
She even added an emoji with a pitiful expression at the end. 
Nora scoffed at the message. 
She picked up the phone lazily and sent her a voice message: “If you want something, then buy it yourself.” 
That sports car was the same model as Logan’s poop-yellow one. It was a limited edition that was already discontinued. Only a few dozen units had been produced in the country that year, and most of them had become part of someone wealthy’s collection. 
One could say that it was priceless. 
… even though she did have ways to get one if she really wanted to. 
— 
In the hospital. 
Justin, who was about to take Cherry back to the family home, overheard the lazy-sounding ‘If you want something, then buy it yourself’ voice message the moment he entered the ward. 
He raised his eyebrows a little. Was the chance to please his daughter finally here? 
Justin coughed and asked, “What do you want to buy, Pete?”
Little Cherry was pouting as she sat on the hospital bed. She was secretly complaining inwardly that it must be because Mommy was just too lazy to buy it for her. Upon Justin’s question, her big round eyes lit up and she replied, “Daddy, I want a Ferrari sports car like this! In pink, yeah!” 
Justin took a look and immediately said, “Okay, we’ll buy it!” 
Sure enough, the little fellow immediately broke into a grin and said, “Daddy, you’re so awesome, yeah!” 
“…” 
Upon hearing his daughter’s praises, Justin was as pleased as punch. 
The corners of his lips curled upward. He sent the model of the sports car to Lawrence and instructed him to buy one, no matter the cost. Then, he scooped his daughter up with one arm and said, “Let’s go to the family home and visit your Grandma and Great-Grandma today!” 
Her Grandma and Great-Grandma? 
Cherry became excited at once. “Okie-Dokie!” 
— 
At the Andersons. 
After dinner, Nora stood up and got ready to go upstairs to work. 
That’s right, work. 
Prior to an operation, in order to prevent accidents from happening, she had to make a list of every possible situation she might encounter during the operation. This was her professionalism.
However, a pair of uninvited guests arrived at the door at this moment —it was Miranda and Rachel Wood. 
As soon as she walked in, Rachel, who resembled Melissa somewhat, frowned and looked at her. Her jaw tensed up, and a look of displeasure filled her face. 
A hesitant Melissa asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Miranda’s eyes were all red. She was in tears as she said, “I was blind to pick on you all the time in the past, Melissa. I was wrong, okay? Forgive me!” 
Ever since the real estate investment failed, the Sonnets hadn’t been able to get their money back. With housing prices controlled now, people were all adopting a wait-and-see approach, and no one dared to buy any property. 
They suddenly ran into trouble with recouping their capital. 
The Lowes could barely even keep themselves afloat at the moment, so why would they possibly care about the small shareholders who had invested a bit and were waiting to make money? 
The Sonnets became resentful toward Miranda as a result and drove her out. 
She then went home in embarrassment, but the Woods refused to let her in and even told her that she had to apologize to Melissa first. 
Miranda had no choice but to come over. 
Melissa cast her eyes down. 
When she thought of how Miranda had humiliated her over the years, she said, “To be honest, does it really matter whether I forgive you or not, Miranda? Let’s just lessen contact with each other in the
future.” 
There were some things that couldn’t be made up for with just an apology. 
Miranda’s apology was too insincere. 
Melissa didn’t want to forgive her. 
Miranda, who understood what she meant, tugged on Rachel’s sleeve. Rachel immediately frowned and said, “Why don’t you forgive my mother, Aunt Melissa? Otherwise, we’ll lose our mother if Dad doesn’t let her go home! If you’re still not agreeable to it, then shall I get down on my knees in front of you?” 
She started to get down on her knees as she spoke. 
Melissa hastily grabbed her and said, “What are you doing, Rachel?” 
Rachel said, “Why don’t you call Dad and tell him that you aren’t angry anymore? Otherwise, he’ll never let Mom in.” 
So, that was what they were up to. 
Melissa looked at the mother and daughter putting on a show in front of her. 
One was pretending to be weak while the other was pretending to be pitiful. 
They were just forcing her to do what they wanted! 
She lowered her gaze and said, “Okay, I’ll call him.” 
The way Farrell did things was just so unreliable. Why ask them to beg her for forgiveness? He obviously couldn’t bear to part with his children, so he had to bring Miranda back home even if he didn’t want to.
Miranda brightened. “Call him now.” 
Melissa had no choice but to call Farrell. 
Miranda watched her from the side with her fists tightly clenched. She would remember how Melissa had humiliated her today! 
The mother and daughter pair left after Melissa made the call. 
However, as soon as they reached the door, they suddenly heard violent knocking at the door. 
Knock! Knock! 
In the middle of the night, the sound was rather ear-piercing in the high-end residential complex.
###Chapter 156: Acknowledging Them As Family
Chapter 156: Acknowledging Them As Family 
Nora frowned. 
The nanny went to the door. She asked, “May I know who you are?” 
A loud voice immediately came from outside. “I’m Nora’s father!” 
The words made the few people in the room look at Nora. 
Simon and Melissa were also taken aback, and they looked at Nora together. 
Nora raised her pretty eyebrows. Just as she was about to say that it wasn’t necessary to open the door, Miranda nudged Rachel and said, “Oh, it’s a relative? Quick, go and open the door.” 
Rachel frowned, but the next moment, she realized what Miranda was trying to do. There was clearly a doorbell at the door, yet the man had knocked so loudly as if he was afraid that they wouldn’t open the door. 
. 
This showed that the two families were definitely not on good terms. 
She jumped up as if she was about to watch a show, and ran toward the door. As she did, she said, “Oh, I’m the youngest here. I’ll go and open the door, then.” 
Nora, “?” 
She had no choice but to follow Rachel at the back.
When she walked out of the living room, Rachel had already opened the door. Henry was cursing angrily, “Why did you wait so long to open the door? Is it because we’re not welcomed here?” 
Rachel stepped aside and said, “Why wouldn’t you be? Please come in!” 
Henry was a little surprised, but he nevertheless walked in with Wendy. The two were about to enter the living room when someone blocked their path. 
Henry frowned. “What is the meaning of this, Nora? Are you stopping us from going in?” 
Nora stood in their path at the living room entrance. Her voice was low and deep as she said, “If you have something to say, then let’s talk here.” 
She didn’t want to cause the Andersons any trouble. 
Henry sneered, “Is this what the Andersons’ manners are like? Are they actually stopping their family members from entering the house?” 
Nora retorted, “Are you even family?” 
Henry yelled into the living room, “I’m the Andersons’ son-in-law. I haven’t even met my in-laws ever since your mother and I married! I heard that Mom is still around, so I think I should pay her a visit!” 
He tried to squeeze his way into the living room after saying that. 
Unfortunately for him, Nora stood in his path like a bouncer. Henry wanted to push her aside and enter, but even though the girl was clearly very thin and shouldn’t weigh much, Henry simply couldn’t even make her budge even after he tried pushing her aside. 
It was as if her feet had been nailed in place as she stood there.
Henry was furious. He narrowed his eyes. Suddenly, he shouted into the room, “Mom, your son-in-law is here to visit you!” 
As soon as he said that, Mrs. Anderson, who could no longer sit still, walked out of her room. 
Her daughter had given up the amazing and brilliant Ian Smith and ran away from home. Later, she had married Henry. Even though Mrs. Anderson had never asked anyone about it, she was ultimately still very curious about what he was like. 
The old lady opened the door. “Nora, let them come in and talk.” 
Only then did Nora step aside. 
Melissa was talking to Miranda when they entered. She said, “Why don’t you go back with Rachel first, Miranda? We have guests.” 
However, Miranda replied cheerfully, “I know, Nora’s father, right? Come to think of it, he can also be considered our relative. I should also meet him, lest we end up unacquainted in the future.” 
As a result, the living room suddenly became rather crowded. 
Mrs. Anderson, Simon, and Melissa sat on the main sofa while Miranda and Rachel sat on one of the sofas at the side. Both of them looked like they were watching an entertaining show. 
Sitting on the sofa on the other side were Henry and Wendy. 
Nora didn’t take a seat. Instead, she leaned lazily against the wall without much of an expression on her face. 
At the sight of how distant and indifferent everyone was, Henry took the lead to stand. He bowed at Mrs. Anderson and said, “This is the first time we’ve met all these years, Mom. This is all Yvette’s fault. She never mentioned the Andersons, causing us all to be so distant from one another despite being family…” 
Practically as soon as he said that, Melissa said neutrally, “You’re too polite, Mr. Smith. Not only is Yvette no longer around, but you’ve also remarried. We’re no longer family.” 
Henry’s eyes flickered. Then, he heaved a sigh and said, “Speaking of remarrying… Sigh! This is all Yvette’s idea! She lost a lot of blood during childbirth, causing her health to deteriorate badly. She was in poor health ever since. Before she died, what she was the most worried about was that there wouldn’t be anyone to take care of Nora, so she forced me to remarry and find someone to take care of Nora. Had she not forced me to, I definitely wouldn’t have remarried. Yvette and I were so in love back then…” 
He lowered his head and wiped the non-existent tears at his eyes. Then, he raised his head again and said, “Even if Yvette is gone, Mom is still my mother-in-law. That’s something that’ll never change.” 
Wendy also hurriedly said, “Yes, that’s right. I’ve also met Yvette when she was still alive. We don’t have many members in our family, but if you’re alright with me, you can treat me as your daughter in the future, Mrs. Anderson! Breaking off ties after someone’s death isn’t a popular way of thinking in our family. See, didn’t Nora also move into the Andersons? We’re all very supportive of that!” 
She looked at the elderly lady and said, “We also intend to be filial to you in the future!” 
The elderly Mrs. Anderson, however, stared hard at Henry. Her eyes reddened again as she asked, “Are you saying that Yvette already arranged for you to remarry before she died? And she’s even met that woman?” 
Mrs. Anderson felt her chest tighten the moment she thought of how her daughter had to find a wife for her own husband and a stepmother for her own daughter when she was clearly already on her deathbed.
Yvette had always been stubborn ever since she was a child. When she was with Ian back then, she had once even said something about how all rich men liked having mistresses. If Ian dared so much as to think like that, she would definitely break his goddamn legs. 
At that time, she had persuaded Yvette to take it easy. After all, profit was the most important in the wealthy circle. How many of them were truly in love with each other? 
However, Yvette had raised her chin and said proudly, “Mom, never in this lifetime will I, Yvette Anderson, ever make do when it comes to love. Even if I die, I won’t let Ian remarry. Be it in life or death, I will be vigorous and exciting.” 
The young woman at that time had been full of energy and high-spirited, yet also incredibly bossy. 
How many men’s hearts had Yvette Anderson, a single woman, stolen in the wealthy circle? 
What exactly must such a proud woman like her have experienced for her to be willing to choose a second wife for her husband during the last leg of her journey in life…? 
Wendy’s eyes flickered. She hastily smiled and said, “Yes, that’s right. That’s why I’m very grateful to her. Mrs. Anderson, we’re family…” 
The tears in Mrs. Anderson’s eyes were close to falling. She moved the walking stick in her hands. Her eyelids drooped downward and she said, “We’re not related by blood, so we aren’t family.” 
The sense of alienation from her was very obvious. 
Simon also got onto his feet. He pointed at Henry and said angrily, “You already found your next wife when my sister wasn’t even dead yet? Are you still human? We don’t have a family like you here!”
Henry had originally thought that the Andersons would accept Wendy if he worded it like that, but unexpectedly, his plans had backfired. 
Seeing how worked up they were, his eyes flickered and he smiled and said, “Mom, Simon. Whether you recognize me as family or not, I’m still Nora’s father. This relationship between the two of us will never be severed.”
###Chapter 157: I Want The Company’s Shares
Chapter 157: I Want The Company’s Shares 
Those words of his were too shameless. 
Simon and Melissa frowned. 
Most wealthy families wouldn’t embarrass themselves like that when handling matters. People like him who hounded others so persistently were honestly a rare sight. 
Yet, Miranda, who was next to him, spoke up for him. She said, “He’s right, Mrs. Anderson. No matter what, he’s still Yvette’s husband and Nora’s father, so that makes him family no matter how you look at it… Even though Yvette is no longer around, it’s not right to cut off family ties with them.” 
Then, she smiled and said, “Isn’t there a family like that right in our circle? Mr. Walker’s first wife was from the Lanes. After she died, he married a Ms. Lopez. His second wife is very close to the Lanes, so the Lanes treat her like family. Mr. Walker’s son from his first marriage has now inherited his company, and he treats his stepmother pretty well…” 
Everyone knew who Miranda was referring to. 
However, this was because the stepmother had really treated the child very well. That was why she was on such good terms with the child’s mother’s family. This was completely different from Henry’s situation. 
Had Henry treated Nora even just a little better, the Andersons wouldn’t have treated him like this, either. 
Melissa sneered, “These are our family affairs, Miranda. If there’s nothing else you and Rachel need, then the two of you can leave!” 
Miranda waved her off and replied, “We’re not in a hurry. Feel free to continue.” 
“…” 
Melissa was furious. How she wished she could rescind the call she had made to Farrell just now. 
She took a deep breath and looked at Henry. “What are you trying to say, Mr. Smith? Why don’t you make things clear instead?” 
Henry smiled and replied, “It’s actually very simple. If we’re family, then you should treat us like family and take care of us a little more. If you don’t see us as family, then it’s time that we properly split the profits between us.” 
Simon was taken aback. “What profits are you talking about?” 
Henry replied, “The profits from the Carefree Pills, of course! The Carefree Pills were developed by Yvette. Isn’t that something that everyone knows?” 
He got up and said shamelessly, “Yvette is my wife, as well as Nora’s mother. Since she’s no longer around, her spouse and her children should be first-in-line to inherit the things she left behind, and not Mom, Simon, or any of you, right? 
“If you treat us like family, then it’s not like we can’t provide the Carefree Pill’s formula for free. After all, it’ll just be family members helping each other out, right? But if you don’t, then Nora and I will split the formula equally between the two of us. Since you’re taking the formula and investing in it, then it should at least be split in the 7:3 ratio, no matter how you look at it, right? Since the formula matters the most here, then it should be worth 70% instead of 30%. In that case, you should give me at least 35%, right?” 
He had already asked around before he came to the Andersons.
As it turned out, the Andersons had already fallen into decline long ago. However, they had reinvigorated the company with Yvette’s Carefree Pill. 
That was why Henry was demanding such an exorbitant cut of the profits. 
Nora let out an icy laugh when she heard what he said. 
The formula that her mother had left behind didn’t allow them to mass-produce the Carefree Pill. It was just like how she had only produced five pills even after she threw hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of medicinal herbs into it. The one being mass-produced now was a formula that she had improved. 
“You—!” 
Simon became riled up. He felt that Henry must be daydreaming. 
Melissa also frowned—she could tell that things had become a little troublesome now. 
Henry’s claim was actually a reasonable one. 
Although Yvette had died, without a will, her things were indeed the Smiths’. 
At the sight of how the Andersons’ expressions had changed, Henry said cheerfully, “The Andersons are a big family with a big business. Surely you won’t bully people like us who come from another part of the country, right?” 
Next to him, a smiling Miranda said, “Of course not. The Andersons are a scholarly family, and are well- known in New York as an extremely honest and sincere family.”
Henry smiled and said, “That’s great. In that case, when will you show me the accounts, Simon? We can settle this quarter’s dividends after that?” 
Next to him, Wendy also piped up. She said, “Yes, that’s right. See, if we’re in-laws, then we definitely won’t make things so stiff and formal, and speak bluntly. But since you don’t want to acknowledge the marriage, then we can only adopt a ‘business is business’ stance. Sigh!” 
Then, she looked at Nora again and said, “You, too, Nora. Why didn’t you inform your family when you brandished the formula? It doesn’t just belong to you, after all. We haven’t even decided on a good price yet.” 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned cold. 
Seeing that he completely had the upper hand, Henry smiled with satisfaction. He said, “Sigh, I’m actually also making us out to be strangers by wording it that way. I’m not in a hurry for the money, Simon. How about you do me a little favor? We can talk about these things again later.” 
The Andersons didn’t have much cash flow at the moment. It would take at least three months for them to produce the Carefree Pills, recover costs, and make profits! 
Simon was surprised to hear that from Henry. He asked, “What kind of little favor is it?” 
Henry smiled and replied, “I have another daughter who has been admitted to the New York University School of Medicine for her postgraduate studies this year, but her current mentor is relatively young and inexperienced. Can you help me pull some strings and get her a better mentor?” 
The Andersons held a weighty position in the pharmaceutical industry. 
Had it been another university, perhaps they wouldn’t have been able to intervene, but Simon indeed was an alumnus of that school. Most of the university’s current leaders were his ex-classmates.
Simon’s knitted brows relaxed. “I can try. Which mentor does she want to switch to, though?” 
If he and the mentor knew each other, then this matter would actually be a pretty simple one to resolve. 
But as soon as he thought of that, Henry replied, “It’s Professor Anti…” 
Simon was stunned. “Who did you say it is?” 
Anti? 
That world-renowned big boss? 
That was impossible! 
He immediately waved and said, “Sorry, but there’s nothing I can do about that! We don’t even know who Anti is, let alone contact them!” 
Henry beamed at them and said, “How can that be? You could do that for my niece, so why not for my second daughter?” 
They had done that for his niece? 
Simon became even more confused. “What are you talking about? When have I ever…” 
However, before he could finish, a frosty voice suddenly interrupted them. 
“Tsk.” 
Nora hadn’t said anything all this time because she wanted to see how big Henry’s demands were going to be this time. Little did she expect that apart from finding a mentor for Angela, he had actually set his
sights on the Carefree Pills? 
She slowly straightened her back and yawned. Then, she said, “It’s a shame that you weren’t born in medieval times, Henry Smith.” 
Henry, “?” 
Nora curled her lips and said, “Otherwise, your skin could be used as city walls to defend against external enemies.” 
Henry, “!!” 
He became enraged at once. “You no-good daughter and bastard, how dare you insult me! I haven’t even held you accountable yet for taking out your mother’s Carefree Pill formula so thoughtlessly without my consent, yet you actually have the audacity to come at me?” 
However, as he knew that this daughter of his was pretty good at fighting, he only dared to rant and rave but didn’t dare to go forward. 
Nora pursed her lips. She had gotten sleepy. 
She’d better get rid of those two quickly, then!
###Chapter 158: The DNA Test Results Are Out!
Chapter 158: The DNA Test Results Are Out! 
In the middle of Nora’s thoughts, Henry suddenly swept the cups on the coffee table onto the ground! 
The cups broke into pieces with a loud bang. 
Henry, whose veins on his forehead were bulging, stood where he was and yelled, “Nora, I’m your father! This is something that’ll never change! You can forget about abandoning me and getting rich on your own! You’ll go to jail if you don’t take care of me!” 
Then, he looked back at Simon and said, “The Andersons have to give me an explanation regarding this today! Either you draft a contract for the Carefree Pills’ dividends and give me the money immediately, or get my daughter’s mentor change done first. Pick one!” 
He sat back down on the sofa. 
Simon frowned. 
Henry flying into a rage all of a sudden, and his actions of slamming the coffee table and breaking the cups shocked Miranda and Rachel. However, Melissa and Mrs. Anderson remained as calm and steady as ever, seemingly used to such scenes. 
Simon was about to say something when Nora’s frosty voice rang out. “I’d advise you to calm down a little. Otherwise, not only will you not get any money, but you’ll also have to pay for these cups!” 
Henry sneered, “Why? Are you planning to become deadbeats and not give me any money? If so, I don’t mind making this matter known to the public! I’ll show everyone outside how the Andersons are hogging the Smiths’ Carefree Pill!” 
Nora asked lazily, “Who says the Carefree Pill belongs to my mother?” 
As soon as she said that, everyone looked at her in shock. 
Simon wanted to ask something, but Melissa held his hand and shook her head lightly. 
Henry turned and glared at her menacingly. “What did you say?” 
Nora looked at the cups on the floor and said, “The Carefree Pill belongs to the Andersons. What does it have to do with the Smiths?” 
Henry jumped onto his feet. “How can that be? It obviously belongs to your mothe—” 
“If my mother was the one who developed it, then why didn’t you open a pharmaceutical factory all these years? Wouldn’t you have made a fortune a long time ago?” 
Nora spoke slowly and coolly, but her argument was a convincing one. 
Both Simon and Melissa also looked at Henry hesitantly. 
She was right. Why did Yvette hold on to the pill formula and keep it a secret from Henry? 
Henry’s expression changed a few times. 
How would he know anything about Carefree Pills or whatever it was called? 
The books in the study upstairs were all Yvette’s. She had a lot of writings and drawings to do with a lot of different topics in there. After she had died, he couldn’t be bothered to take care of them at all, let alone know what they were. 
Besides, even though he and Yvette were husband and wife in name, nobody knew that they had never consummated their marriage before. He was more like a nominal father that Yvette had given her
daughter! 
He didn’t understand why Yvette had taken a fancy to him, either… 
Later, Yvette died. It should already be considered a blessing that he hadn’t taken all those things as rubbish and thrown them away. How would he possibly know that they were actually so valuable… 
In the middle of Henry’s thoughts, Nora said, “I obviously found the formula at the Andersons’.” 
Henry understood now—Nora was planning to push him away! 
He immediately shouted, “Nora! You unfilial daughter! How dare you lie!” 
Nora looked as calm as ever. She said, “I’m the one who took out the formula, so naturally, I have the final say as to where I took it from. You claim that the formula belongs to the Smiths. In that case, do you have any evidence to substantiate your claim?” 
Henry, “!!” 
He had immediately gone upstairs and entered Yvette’s study when he learned about the Carefree Pill. It was only then that he realized that it had long been cleaned out. 
All the books had been burned. 
Thus, he didn’t have any evidence at all! 
If he had the Carefree Pill’s formula, he would’ve sold it to the Andersons’ competitors a long time ago. Why would he still have to come all the way here to beg others for money?! 
Henry said angrily, “That’s just pure sophistry!”
“Really?” Nora took out her cell phone. “In that case, we can only call the police. Also, allow me to remind you that the cups you just broke are antiques from the 1600s worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. You have to pay for them.” 
What she said daunted Henry. He frowned and said viciously, “Nora! You’re blackmailing me!” 
Nora raised her phone. “So, shall I call the police?” 
Henry, “!!” 
He felt exactly as aggrieved and frustrated in this instant as how smug he had been just now! 
Simon and Melissa had also recovered and caught on. Simon stood and said, “The Carefree Pill is said to have been developed by Yvette, but we, the Andersons, actually developed it ourselves. Mr. Smith, you have to provide evidence when you come straight here to snatch things from others. Do you have any evidence? If not, what you’re doing is tantamount to slander!” 
Melissa’s voice was gentle but stern. She said, “If you continue to pester us, we’ll call the police, Mr. Smith.” 
At the sight of them becoming aggressive, Henry found himself at a loss at once. He exchanged a look with Wendy. 
The wealthy families in New York were ultimately still a lot classier. 
Henry was scared. 
He coughed and said, “No matter who the Carefree Pill belongs to, we’re ultimately still family. What’s wrong with helping my second daughter to change a mentor?”
He looked at Nora again and said, “You’d rather help your cousin than your younger sister? Nora, how can you be so narrow-minded?” 
Nora yawned as if she didn’t hear him. 
She pointed at the door. “Are you going to leave by yourself? Or do you want me to send you away?” 
Upon seeing that being aggressive and unreasonable wasn’t going to work anymore, Wendy decided to take a soft approach. She grabbed Nora’s hand and said, “Nora, I know there are issues between us, but Mom treated you very well too. You can’t just ignore your sister! Blood is thicker than water, Nora. The two of you are family!” 
Nora, however, didn’t bother listening to what she said at all. Instead, she held her wrist with a backhand and then, with a forceful pull, threw her out the door! 
Then, Nora dusted off her hands and looked at Henry. There were a few gigantic words clearly written in her cat-like eyes: ‘It’s your turn now.’ 
Henry, “…” 
In order to avoid being thrown out in such an embarrassing manner, Henry snorted and walked out himself. When he was passing by Nora, he stopped and said angrily, “I have legs; I can go by myself! Don’t be too smug about this though, Nora! I’m your father. Just by this relationship alone, you’ll never be able to get rid of me!” 
The look in Nora’s eyes was icy-cold. 
She didn’t say anything. Instead, she popped her wrist joints loudly, causing a frightened Henry to quicken his footsteps. Before he exited, he nevertheless couldn’t stop himself from saying, “I won’t give
up so easily!” 
After the two detestable people finally left, Nora went upstairs. 
As soon as she entered her bedroom, her cell phone rang. 
She looked down and saw that it was Lily. When she answered, Lily said, “Anti, the DNA test results are out!” 
Nora looked up.. Lily laughed and asked, “Is it you who’s not your father’s biological daughter, or is it your younger sister who isn’t?”
###Chapter 159: A Second Test!
Chapter 159: A Second Test! 
Nora was taken aback by Lily’s words. 
She was already mentally prepared prior to the DNA test that she might not be Henry’s daughter, but… When the truth was truly presented to her, apart from feeling a little surprised, she was actually more relieved than anything else. 
Nora cast her eyes down and looked out the window. 
She suddenly felt rather relieved. 
It was human nature to want to be close to your parents. 
Her mother had died early, so her father was her only kin in the world. In spite of that, her father had never hugged or kissed her even once in her entire life. 
There were times where she found herself very envious when she looked at Henry carrying Angela dotingly. 
In fact, she would even become very depressed and shut herself off from the world for a while during that time. 
The little Nora couldn’t help but wonder at that time if it was because she was too unlikeable. Was that why her father disliked her? 
Later, she had closed off her heart and never opened it to outsiders ever again.
Everyone who knew her said that she was callous, but that was because no one had ever taught her what love was. 
In her world, she had always been alone. 
But as it turned out, it had never been her fault. It wasn’t because she was not likable enough that Henry didn’t like her; rather, it was because he wasn’t her father. 
Nora raised her eyes. Suddenly, she lowered her head and looked at the strands of hair that she had tugged off Henry’s head when she was kicking him and Wendy out just now. The corners of her lips suddenly curled into a smile. 
“In that case, let’s check them all.” 
Although it was already confirmed, it was still better to have her DNA compared with Henry’s, just in case. 
Perhaps because she knew that she was eager to know the result, Lily replied, “Okay. I’ll arrange for someone to pick it up right away.” 
Even the fastest express courier wouldn’t be as fast as someone actually doing it themselves. 
She had always had all her DNA tests done outside of the States. 
Ten minutes later, someone came and collected the hair samples. They took the earliest flight overnight and went straight to where Lily was. Ten hours later, the samples reached Lily. 
She forwent sleep to do the DNA test. Another four hours later, she had gotten the DNA test results! 
—
Henry and Wendy stood outside the Andersons’ villa after they were kicked out. They glared furiously at the villa and stamped their feet. 
Wendy couldn’t stop herself from provoking Henry. She said, “Honestly, Nora is so… How can she do such an about-face the moment she made it big?” 
Henry, who was red in the face with anger, gnashed his teeth in fury. The veins on his forehead were bulging as he said, “That unfilial daughter! I… I’m going to sue her!” 
Wendy frowned. “Will the authorities really do anything about it, though? Also, do we still have the money to hire the best lawyer?” 
Henry was irritated by her questions. 
At this point, Miranda and Rachel also left the Andersons. The Woods’ car was parked outside the villa, but Miranda and Rachel didn’t get in the car after they exited the villa. Instead, they went over to Henry and Wendy. 
Miranda sighed and said, “That younger sister of mine is just so cruel! The Andersons are indeed too unkind about this!” 
Rachel pursed her lips and said, “Exactly. Does Nora really think she’s a daughter of the Andersons? A woman who has no shame and became pregnant before marriage is even abandoning her father now? That’s unforgivable!” 
Henry and Wendy, who weren’t expecting them to say that, were momentarily dumbfounded. 
Wendy was the first to recover. She stepped forward, took Miranda’s arm, and said, “The two of us are really pitiful. Not only did we painstakingly raise her into an adult, but Nora was in poor health when she
was a child, so we even frequently sent her to the hospital… I didn’t expect her to be so rebellious. We only reprimanded her a little after she made us sad, but she’s become so distant and alienated! Sigh!” 
Miranda immediately replied, “That won’t do.” 
Next to her, Rachel also chimed in. “Look at how pitiful the two of them are, Mom. Why don’t you help them out?” 
Miranda hesitated when she heard her suggestion. She said, “But that’s your aunt, after all…” 
Rachel straightened her back and said, “It’s only right to be on the side of justice rather than one’s family, Mom. You know that, right? C’mon, help them out!” 
Miranda sighed. “Oh, alright. I happen to have a friend here…” 
— 
The night passed peacefully for everyone. 
Melissa was still worried before she went to bed. She said, “Your father seems like a real piece of work to me, Nora. Will they kick up another fuss?” 
Nora, however, replied openly, “There’s always a solution to a problem, Aunt Melissa. Don’t worry.” 
Melissa nodded and went downstairs. She complained to Mrs. Anderson, “Yvette was such a proud woman back then. Why did she have to pick such a shameless scoundrel like him?” 
Mrs. Anderson heaved a huge sigh. “Everything is predestined in one’s life!” 
Simon also heaved a deep sigh. The three of them looked at each other and then, they raised their heads and looked at Nora’s bedroom upstairs in the end.
Melissa sighed. “Not only did her mother die when she was young, but her father doesn’t love her, either. The most pitiful one here is actually Nora. Her father embarrassed her so badly today and even ranted at others. Nora must be very sad!” 
Simon nodded. “Yeah. How was she when you talked to her just now?” 
Melissa replied, “Nora is a sensible girl. She has always been one who’s afraid to report anything but good news. Even when you ask her how she’s doing at home, all she says is that everything is fine. How would she possibly show us her pain? She’s probably crying upstairs now.” 
Simon and Mrs. Anderson’s hearts ached for her at once. 
However, Nora, whom the trio had mistaken to be secretly crying, had already taken a shower and was asleep in the bed with her son in her arms. 
The night passed peacefully. 
It was the weekend the next day, so Pete didn’t have to go to school. 
Nora was also finally able to sleep in. However, she was awakened by the noise downstairs. 
She frowned and got up. As soon as she stepped out of her room, she heard Simon’s angry shout from downstairs. 
“We’re not accepting any interviews!” 
Melissa was reprimanding the other party. She threatened, “I’m calling the security guards if all of you don’t leave!”
A female stranger was talking to them. “Hello, good day. An attitude like that won’t solve anything at all. I’m Roxanne, a reporter. Ms. Smith’s father called me and told me that she’s refusing to acknowledge them as family after a wealthy family took her in. We’re here to mediate!” 
Simon shouted, “Turn off the camera first!” 
Roxanne said, “Don’t be so agitated, sir. This is a live broadcast; the more agitated you are, the more people will feel that you’re in the wrong! Let’s calm down. Why don’t you tell me what has really happened first? All of you are family. There’s no grudge or feud among family that cannot be mediated.” 
Melissa frowned. “We don’t need mediation.” 
Roxanne spoke calmly and unhurriedly. “You’re not Ms. Smith, so you cannot represent her. May I know where Ms. Smith is?” 
Henry’s voice came over at this point. He said, “She must be still sleeping! That daughter of mine has been fat and lazy since she was a child.. She never gets out of bed until the sun is shining brightly in the sky!”
###Chapter 160: Embellishing The Story
Chapter 160: Embellishing The Story 
Roxanne asked, “What’s going on, Mr. Smith? Doesn’t she have to work?” 
Henry stood in front of the camera to the live-stream. With a frown and a plaintive look on his face, he replied, “No, she’s unemployed. When she was with us, she mooched off her aunt and me. I heard that she also hasn’t been working ever since the Andersons took her back with them. It’s already ten in the morning, yet she’s still asleep. Neither does she take care of her child, but leaves them to survive on their own instead. Sigh!” 
Melissa said, “Nora sleeps in because she’s in poor health! She lost a lot of blood during labor back then, so she doesn’t have much energy and has to sleep more than what ordinary people do! Also, ever since she moved to the Andersons, Nora has never asked us for living expenses! She has a source of income!” 
Wendy sighed. “That’s because you don’t know that her income comes from the small company that her mother owned before she died, Melissa. There are thousands of dollars in dividends every month from the company…” 
Melissa was about to speak when Henry held his hands behind his back and said fiercely, “I’m just here for my child today. I’m not trying to take her from you! It’s just that I’m ultimately still her father. How can the Andersons just take her here after they found her, and forbid her from contacting me? We’re family! Blood is thicker than water!” 
His eyes reddened as he spoke. 
Henry was actually decent-looking. He had a squarish face, thick eyebrows, and big eyes, making him look like an upright man. His behavior instantly sparked intense discussion among netizens.
People were leaving comments at high speed in Roxanne’s live-stream: 
‘She’s refusing to acknowledge her father? What kind of reasoning is that?’ 
‘That Cinderella must find her father too tacky after she became a princess!’ 
‘The Andersons are too much. They look like decent human beings, but how can they stop them from acknowledging each other?! They’re father and daughter, after all!’ 
‘Ms. Smith is still asleep even at this time? She sounds like such an unreliable person… What’s the point of bringing such a woman back home?’ 
‘Wow, is this what the wealthy look like? That house looks so high-end!’ 
… 
All sorts of discussions filled the live-stream. 
No one knew who it was, but someone had put money into the live-stream and increased the traffic, causing Roxanne’s live-stream to instantly have more than a million viewers. 
Everyone loved gossip. Moreover, this was about the secrets of the rich. Once one entered the live- stream, they would want to know what exactly was going on. 
— 
In the university. 
Tina, who was surfing the Internet on her cell phone, accidentally saw a post on Angela’s social media. She immediately broke into a smile and entered the live-stream
Tina raised her eyebrows when she saw the exciting content inside. 
Tsk. 
How lively. 
She had originally kept Angela with her just to give Nora trouble, but she didn’t expect to receive such a surprise! 
Abandoning one’s father—now, that was an awful offense to be known for among the wealthy. 
After all, one was indebted to their parents for raising them, no matter what. 
Besides, most of the general public sympathized with the underdog, causing the comments to be filled with condemning voices directed at Ms. Smith! 
Tina smiled. Suddenly, she picked up her cell phone and paid to promote the live-stream on social media so that it would trend. At the same time, she also got a group of trolls to leave comments in the live- stream. 
‘The Andersons? Aren’t they the family behind Harmonia Pharmacy?’ 
‘Harmonia Pharmacy? The one selling traditional medicine? Their medicines are pretty good. I’ve always thought that people in the field of medicine are kind-hearted, but unexpectedly, they’re actually involved in gossip like this?’ 
‘Ms. Smith’s aunt, too. She speaks in a nice way, but why does she feel so annoying? Why does she keep stopping them from getting Ms. Smith to come downstairs? It’s as if she’s deliberately stopping the father and daughter from being reunited.’ 
‘That’s why I say that the richer one is, the stingier they are!’ 
‘Boycott Harmonia Pharmacy! I’m never buying medicines from them ever again!’ 
… 
The comments were full of condemnation. 
In the live-stream, Henry was still accusing Nora of various unfilial behaviors. His words made most of the parents watching the live-stream tear up. 
“I just want to acknowledge my daughter again and ensure that she’s doing well. You can’t just spoil her like that and let her stay at home all day! She needs to be self-reliant! I didn’t painstakingly raise her to let her sink into such depravity…” 
Melissa found Henry shameless to the extreme. She yelled angrily, “Nora has been locked up at home by you ever since she was a child, and has never been out of the house. Which part of that was painstaking for you?!” 
Henry sighed. “Yes, that’s right. She’s not in good health, so schools didn’t want to accept her. On top of that, she has low self-esteem because she’s so fat, so she also refuses to go to school. I was the one who taught her and raised her into an adult at home.” 
Melissa retorted, “You raised her into an adult? It’s a blessing that you didn’t starve her to death!” 
Henry’s eyes flickered the moment she said that. 
Wendy, however, started to cry. She said, “That’s too much, Melissa! Nora has been fat ever since she was a child. We fed her as much as she wanted, so why would she go hungry? If she had gone hungry, would she have become that fat?” 
Melissa, “!!”
Her obesity was because of hormonal injections, of course! 
After being injected with hormones, even plain water would make one gain weight. 
How could these two people distort the truth like that?! 
Wendy lowered her head again and held her hand over her mouth as she sobbed. 
“The only time I didn’t keep an eye on Nora was when she went out and fooled around, causing her to become pregnant before marriage. She even insisted on giving birth to the child after that. Her father and I didn’t want her to, so she fell out with us…” 
Roxanne asked, “Why didn’t the two of you want her to?” 
A fake Wendy replied, “The child’s father is a ruffian. He didn’t even dare to come to us to ask for her hand in marriage. Moreover, Nora was only 19 years old at that time, so of course, we did everything with her interests in mind! It’s also because of this that she distanced herself from us. She insisted on giving birth and moving abroad. We continued to support her financially. It’s because we know that she doesn’t like living with us that we even sent her money for her living expenses every month. But Mrs. Anderson, anyone who has family, and anyone who has a daughter, would know that we made the right decision! How can you use that to sow discord between the father and daughter?” 
Another intense discussion broke out in the comments: 
‘What the f*ck! So, it’s because of this that they fell out!’ 
‘A ruffian? Getting pregnant when you aren’t even married yet? Seems that Ms. Smith is a real piece of work. She hasn’t even appeared yet, but I already dislike her!’
‘If I were her parents, I would definitely want to beat her to death! Her father and stepmother have done well enough. Not only did they send her abroad, but they even raised her child for her!’ 
‘Gosh, how can such an insensible daughter exist?’ 
Melissa held her chest in fury. The elderly Mrs. Anderson, who was sitting on the sofa in the room, was livid when she heard the arguing outside. 
Wealthy families were very particular about handling matters in a low-key manner. 
Yet, Henry had actually brought such a huge crowd with him and set up a live-stream? 
He was trying to thoroughly embarrass the Andersons! 
How was this a reconciliatory live-stream? They were obviously trying to force them to give in again! 
Mrs. Anderson slammed her walking stick against the floor a few times in anger. It was at this point that Nora came downstairs from the upper floor. She yawned and said lazily, “Don’t be angry, Grandma..”
###Chapter 161: DNA Paternity Test!!
Chapter 161: DNA Paternity Test!! 
Mrs. Anderson’s irritation calmed down when she saw how calm and collected Nora was. 
She asked, “Do you have a way of dealing with them, Nora?” 
Nora nodded. She sat calmly beside her, picked up her cell phone, and checked the time. 
Lily should have already received the hair samples by now and was likely doing the DNA comparisons at the moment. 
She sent a text message to Lily and told her to send the results immediately after they were out. After sending the message, she exited the chat app and opened Roxanne’s live-stream. 
The corners of her lips curled upward at once and she started to read the comments in the live-stream with relish. 
She laughed as she read. It was as if she wasn’t the one being called shameless, materialistic, and a leech. 
Mrs. Anderson, “?” 
The elderly lady watched the girl sitting in front of her. She was ridiculously calm and collected as if she didn’t take the hurtful words on the Internet seriously at all! 
Or perhaps it was because that family had hurt her so much since she was a child that she didn’t care anymore? 
While Mrs. Anderson was thinking about it, she suddenly heard Nora’s cell phone ring—Lily had called.
“Anti, the DNA test results are out! The results are pretty surprising!” 
Surprising? 
Could it be that she was Henry’s daughter while Angela wasn’t? 
Nora raised her eyebrows. Lily said, “I’ve emailed you the results.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora opened her email inbox after she hung up. 
She raised her brows when she saw the two DNA paternity test reports. 
Tsk. 
They were in for a good show later! 
She waved her phone at Mrs. Anderson and said leisurely, “I’ll go over for a sec, Grandma.” 
Afraid that she would be attacked, Mrs. Anderson also got up shakily with her walking stick as support and followed behind Nora. 
As soon as the two of them went out, they saw Henry and Wendy holding each other’s hands like a pair of star-crossed lovers. There were tears in their eyes. 
Wendy said, “Back then, Nora’s mother never mentioned anything about your family, so we didn’t know. After she died, Nora needed someone to take care of her. That’s why I married Henry…” 
Henry, who had a look of resignation on his face, looked at Wendy and said to Simon, “Simon, I know all of you are treating me this way because you’re unhappy that I remarried, but a man like me really can’t take care of a baby well by himself… Especially when Nora is so frail and sickly. We still remember that
one time when Nora fell ill. Late at night, I piggybacked her and walked for so long in the rain before I finally managed to stop a car and take her to the hospital. Wendy also put aside her own child and went to the hospital. In the end, my second daughter was so hungry at home that she tried to cook something to eat and ended up scalding her thigh…” 
Wendy started to cry again. “Yes, I felt especially sad and guilty at that time that I cried for a really long while.” 
Nora paused in her footsteps. 
She let out an icy scoff. Henry’s lies simply came so easily. He had gotten the protagonists the other way round, though? 
Back then, it was obviously that family of three who went out on a holiday trip and locked her up at home. Although she was only five at that time, she had already become very calm and steady. 
When she went to the kitchen to cook some noodles, as the pot was too heavy, her grip was too unsteady and she had dropped it on the floor. She had scalded herself all over that time, and there was still a scar on her inner thigh even now. 
That couple sure had a rapport. Would they still be so loving once they knew the DNA test results, though? 
She curled her lips and walked out the door. 
Roxanne spotted her the instant she came out. She shoved the microphone in her face and said, “Ms. Smith? Are you Ms. Smith? Did you just wake up? Do you have anything to say to your father and stepmother?”
“…” 
In the study on the second floor of the Andersons’ villa. 
Pete leaned against the window and looked at the commotion downstairs anxiously. 
They were bullying Mommy! It was a shame that he couldn’t reveal his face. How he wished he could go downstairs and kick that couple right on their faces! 
For the very first time, Pete wished avidly that he could grow up. Once he grew up, he would be able to protect the people he wanted to protect. 
He took a video of the commotion downstairs and sent it to Cherry. 
In the Hunts’ family home. 
Cherry, who was playing with her Barbies with Justin, heard her cell phone beep. When she picked it up and took a look, she immediately became furious. 
After bullying her elder brother, that grandpa of hers was now bullying Mommy! He was too much! 
The little girl went to the bedroom with her cell phone and sent Pete a voice message: “That’s the grandpa who threw you away, Pete! Open the window and pour a cup of hot water on him! Pour it all over his face!” 
Pete, “” 
At the door, Justin, who was constantly paying attention to her, frowned upon hearing what she said. 
He sent a text message to Lawrence and told him to check what was happening to Nora. 
Soon, Lawrence sent him the link to a live-stream.
Justin tapped on the link and entered the live-stream. When he saw the contents, he flew into a rage and ordered, “Investigate this! Find out how that live-stream became so popular! Who paid to make it trend?!” 
Lawrence replied, “Yes, sir!” 
— 
At the same time in the hospital. 
Ian had already regained consciousness. However, for safety purposes, the doctor had recommended that he be hospitalized, so he had been staying in the VIP ward all this time. 
There were a few pillows behind Ian. He leaned against them comfortably as he held his cell phone and waited quietly for Cherry’s live-stream in the evening. 
As he had slept too much while he was in a coma, he couldn’t get to sleep at the moment and was very bored. 
As Cherry hadn’t started any live-streams, he kept opening the live-streaming app. In the end, he randomly entered a live-streamer’s outdoors live-stream, intending to watch it casually. 
There were already more than a million viewers watching the hottest live-stream at the moment. 
As soon as he entered the live-stream, he saw Simon and Melissa. Ian’s grip on the phone instantly tightened. 
Ever since Yvette had abandoned him, he had never met any of the Andersons again. 
Simon looked a lot older after so many years. He was no longer the ignorant boy who had run rampant and only knew how to hide behind his eldest sister.
Ian looked at the comments while thinking about it. 
There were constantly new viewers entering the live-stream and asking in the comments what was happening. Some kind viewers helped to explain the situation, so Ian quickly understood what was happening. 
As it turned out, Yvette’s husband had gone over to take his daughter back? 
Ian was an astute and farsighted man who understood human nature very well. Through the comments, he had already understood the ins and outs of what was happening a long time ago. 
His jaw tensed when he saw Henry. 
So, he was the man whom Yvette had married in the end? 
He really wasn’t very impressive at all! 
For the sake of money, he had actually come all the way to his daughter’s doorstep and was driving her into a corner like this… If Yvette knew, she would turn in her grave! 
The light in Ian’s eyes dimmed when he thought of that. 
He felt a sharp pain in his heart again. 
If… If he had a daughter with Yvette, he would definitely love and cherish her more than life itself, and would never allow anyone to hurt her…
###Chapter 162: She Looks Almost Exactly The Same As Yvette!
Chapter 162: She Looks Almost Exactly The Same As Yvette! 
Ian lowered his gaze and looked at the comments again. 
When he was young, Yvette’s betrayal had caused his entire world to collapse. Later, when Yvette gave birth, he had decided not to ever meet her again for the rest of his life. 
He had ignored and paid the matter no heed even when he heard that the Andersons had brought her daughter back home. 
He didn’t expect to actually see in the live-stream the person whom he had been deliberately avoiding. 
He was originally planning to just exit the live-stream after taking a look, but he could no longer do so anymore. 
Someone was bullying Yvette’s daughter. How could he just sit back and ignore it? 
His brows drew together tightly. 
— 
At the entrance to the Andersons’ villa. 
Roxanne and the cameraman were staring at Nora in astonishment. 
When Henry was talking about his daughter, he had described her as fat, lazy, and someone who got herself pregnant before marriage. Therefore, they had thought that Ms. Smith must be either a hideous fatty or someone who looked mean and vicious. Unexpectedly, she was instead such a clean-looking young woman.
The girl was tall and slender. Her almond-shaped eyes originally should have made her look docile and well-behaved, but on her, they instead made her look a little cold and distant. 
For a while, the cameraman neglected to shift the camera to her. 
As soon as Roxanne spoke, a large number of negative comments bombarded the live-stream. 
‘The woman in question has finally appeared? Quick, show us what she looks like!’ 
‘I’m curious, too! What exactly does the woman who abandoned her father look like?’ 
‘She must be really ugly!’ 
‘I can already imagine how she looks—messy hair, dark circles, and weird clothes! Although you can’t judge a book by its cover, sometimes the inside is so bad that their appearance can’t get any much better!’ 
… 
Amid the crowd’s persecuting voices, the cameraman finally seemed to realize something, and he raised the camera and aimed it right at Nora’s face! 
The next moment, a stunning little face, even more beautiful than a celebrity’s, appeared in front of over a million viewers watching the live-stream! 
For a while, the comments quietened somewhat. 
Everyone let out sighs of admiration: 
‘Has a goddess herself descended into the mortal realm?’
‘What the f*ck? Isn’t her makeup-less face too gorgeous? Her complexion must be fake, right? If it weren’t because the skin condition of the person standing next to her is so obvious, I would really have suspected that she has turned on a max-level filter!’ 
‘Is that Ms. Smith? Oh my god! If I had a daughter like her, I would definitely spoil her to bits!’ 
‘Aaaaahhh, I’ve been conquered by the little missy’s looks!’ 
Amid the sighs of admiration were also malicious comments: 
‘What’s the use of being so pretty? She’s still a callous and heartless person despite her beauty!’ 
‘Exactly! Can you live on just looks? No, you can’t!’ 
‘How can that little missy be so vicious? How can she fall out with her father just because he didn’t allow her to give birth to a ruffian’s kid… Besides, she’s so good-looking. Why can’t she just find some kind of job? Any would do! Why must she leech off her parents and refuse to work?’ 
… 
In the hospital, Ian was shocked into a daze. 
He stared at the screen in astonishment, at the clear and vivid visage that he could hardly remember even in his dreams… 
In the past, he had heard people say that time could heal all wounds. 
He hadn’t believed it at that time. 
But later, he did. 
After a separation of more than twenty years, he really had nearly already forgotten how Yvette looked.
However, in this instant, that young woman was as if Yvette had come back to life. He felt as if he had been brought back twenty years in time, and was looking at how she had looked back when they had gone their separate ways! 
Even the strong and tenacious spirit she carried was somewhat similar to the one that Yvette had. It was just that hers felt colder as if she didn’t possess any emotions, whereas Yvette’s felt mostly bold and sassy. 
Ian stared at the video avidly. He didn’t even dare to blink, lest the person in front of him disappeared while he wasn’t paying attention. 
As expected, her daughter… really looked like her! 
There was no hint of that man at all… 
For some reason, Ian actually suddenly felt a little comforted. 
At the Andersons. 
Nora wasn’t aware of the changes in the comments. She was currently looking at Roxanne. 
Seemingly because she saw that she wasn’t saying anything, Roxanne asked again, “Ms. Smith, you look very cultured and well-educated. Now that things have reached this point, do you really have nothing you’d like to say to your father and stepmother?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. The next moment, the audience watched as she replied detachedly, “I do have one thing I want to say.” 
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. She said, “I just knew you’d still have feelings for your parents. After all, one mustn’t just ignore their parents’ kindness for bringing them up. May I know what you’d like to
say to your father?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile as she said, “Stay the hell away from me.” 
“…” 
The six words made Roxanne choke, and the ranting and raving in the comments worsened even further. 
Roxanne’s lip corners spasmed as she said, “There’s no greater kindness than the love and care that one receives from their parents when they’re growing up, Ms. Smith. You also have a child yourself. Do you also want your child to abandon you when you’re old?” 
Nora thought about it carefully. Then, she answered, “They can do whatever they want.” 
Roxanne, “?” 
Nora seemed half-amused. She hadn’t washed up yet, and she looked a little dopey from having just woken up. Her hair was also a little messy. She didn’t look sufficiently exquisite, but it made her give off even more of a careless and sloppy feeling. She added unhurriedly, “I’m not relying on them to provide for me in old age.” 
Upstairs, Pete, “…” 
Far away in the Hunts’ family home, Cherry, “…” 
Sob! They had been rejected by Mommy! 
Roxanne frowned and said, “It’s not about the money. It’s about spiritual companionship!” 
Nora, “?”
She looked at Henry and Wendy. “Oh? So, what you’re lacking is just your spiritual needs?” 
Henry hurriedly said, “Of course… but the children are still young, so they should try and strive for success now. I can’t always take up the children’s time, either. Also, your stepmother and I are getting old, so we aren’t in good health anymore. We’re thinking of having health checkups done, but you and your sister have used up all the money.” 
Nora laughed. “In the end, aren’t you still just demanding money anyway?” 
Henry immediately retorted, “This isn’t a demand for money! This is something you should be giving me in the first place!” 
Practically right after he said that, they heard activity at the entrance again. A moment later, a few policemen walked in. The policeman at the forefront wore a police uniform. His posture was straight, and he looked tough and handsome. His eyes were as sharp as an eagle’s. He fixed his gaze on Nora when he entered, his eyes full of scrutiny. Then, he asked unhurriedly, “Did someone make a police report?” 
“Yes! I did!” Melissa said as she stepped forward. She pointed at Roxanne and Henry, and said, “These people are trespassing on private property without consent. Please drive them out, sir!” 
The policeman leading the team took a look at the situation. After it seemed like he had understood what was going on, he said, “Please leave! If not, we will have to make use of the police’s authority!” 
Roxanne’s brows knitted together—she hadn’t expected the Andersons to take such an aggressive approach. She looked at Henry and suggested, “Why don’t we come again next time instead…?” 
Henry, however, knew that if it would probably still go nowhere the next time if he didn’t settle it once and for all today.. Thus, he immediately shouted, “Sir, I’d like to make a police report, too! That unfilial daughter of mine refuses to provide for the two of us!”
###Chapter 163: Might She Be His Daughter?
Chapter 163: Might She Be His Daughter? 
The police were taken aback when they heard him. They asked, “Who exactly was the one who called the police just now?” 
Before Melissa could speak, Wendy started to cry. She said, “Now that you’re here, sir, you have to help us! Henry and I are her parents, but she refuses to acknowledge us! The Andersons have robbed us of our daughter!” 
The police frowned and looked at the Andersons again. They asked, “What’s going on?” 
Nora, however, didn’t answer them in a timely manner. 
She was staring at the policeman heading the team. Dressed in a police uniform, his posture was tall and straight like an upright spear. 
Nora felt that he was no simple person. 
Although the policemen behind him also conducted themselves very professionally, they felt a lot more laid-back compared to him. The difference was like that of soldiers who had gone through life and death on the battlefield, and soldiers who had been kept in privileged conditions. 
The policeman heading the team had a tight jaw and looked exceptionally resolute and determined. 
The people behind him followed his lead. Someone said, “Captain Ford, I think these are family affairs. A bit of persuasion should suffice…” 
Before he could finish, however, the man addressed as Captain Ford broke into a frown, causing the other policeman to immediately shut up in fright. 
At the sight of this, Henry immediately shouted, “Sir, are one’s children obligated to provide for their elderly parents?!” 
Ford pressed his lips together tightly. He spoke very little, but he nevertheless answered calmly, “Yes, they are.” 
Henry went on. “In that case, if the children do not carry out their obligation to provide for their elderly parents, am I allowed to make a police report?!” 
Ford looked at Nora again. He lowered his gaze and answered, “Yes, you are.” 
Henry pointed at Nora and said, “She’s my daughter, but she refuses to acknowledge us anymore. What should we do about this, sir? Shouldn’t she be brought in and ordered to undergo counseling?!” 
Ford’s lips were pressed tightly together and his tough visage was full of uprightness. He didn’t just listen to his one-sided claims and instead looked at Nora. “What do you have to say?” 
Nora couldn’t help but find the so-called ‘Captain Ford’ a little strange. 
She lowered her gaze dispassionately and replied unhurriedly, “It is only right for children to provide for their parents!” 
Henry breathed a sigh of relief when she said that. 
From the look of it, she must have finally become scared when she saw the police, right? 
Henry let out a contemptuous laugh inwardly.
Wendy also breathed a sigh of relief. This was New York, after all; they had no contacts here. To be honest, she was actually also afraid that the Andersons would use their power to bully them. Thus, she smiled and said, “It’s for the best that you see it like that, Nora.” 
Roxanne also breathed a sigh of relief. She said, “In that case, why don’t we have a seat and talk about how Ms. Smith, as their daughter, should provide for her parents? Let’s make everything clear today, so that things can be done more conveniently after that.” 
Melissa and Simon didn’t expect Nora to suddenly give in. 
They exchanged a look. However, they felt that since this was Nora’s choice, they should respect her decision. After all, when it came to things like family ties, those who weren’t the actual people involved would never be able to really know for sure how they felt. 
Henry was still Nora’s father, after all. If she truly couldn’t let go of their blood ties, then it couldn’t be helped. 
Everyone had different ways of thinking. Even though they didn’t agree with Nora’s decision, they couldn’t make the decision on her behalf, either. After thinking through it, Melissa simply said, “If that’s the case, then let’s talk about it inside.” 
Since even Nora had given in, then they must also change their attitude accordingly. 
Henry and Wendy exchanged a look. Then, they started to walk toward the door. When they reached the door, they couldn’t help but look at Melissa and say, “If you’d known this was coming, then why bother being so aggressive and driving us away yesterday?” 
The couple’s eyes were full of triumph.
However, Nora blocked them at the door the next moment. The corners of her lips curled upward and she said, “The two of you can’t go inside.” 
Henry and Wendy, “?” 
Even Roxanne was dumbfounded. she asked, “What is the meaning of this, Ms. Smith? Didn’t you just say that it’s only right that children provide for their parents? Are you going back on your word so quickly?” 
Nora cast her eyes down. She replied, “Children should indeed provide for their parents. However, why should I provide for someone who has no blood ties with me whatsoever?” 
As soon as she said that, Henry’s eyes abruptly widened in shock. 
Wendy was also stunned. She, who obviously didn’t know about this, looked at Henry incredulously. “What is Nora talking about, Henry?” 
Henry swallowed. He said, “Y-you no-good daughter! How could you tell such a lie just so you can escape providing for us? You really are my daughter!” 
Nora kept her gaze down. She didn’t waste her breath on him any further. Instead, she opened the electronic DNA test report file on her cell phone and held it up in Henry’s face! 
Henry, “!!” 
He stared at the report in shock. Suddenly, he thought back to the sharp pain he had felt on his scalp when he was leaving the Andersons the previous night… Could it be that… 
How could it be, though?! 
Why would she have doubts about it?! Yet if she hadn’t, was there any normal person who would have a DNA test done?
He absolutely mustn’t admit to it, though. 
He hastily yelled, “The report is fake! It’s definitely fake!” 
Fake? 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile, and she ignored him. Instead, she looked at Roxanne and said, “Roxanne, you’re a reporter, so you must be very knowledgeable and know a lot. You should know of this DNA testing lab, right?” 
Z&S was the most well-known DNA testing lab abroad. Its qualifications were beyond doubt because it was Anti’s property! 
Roxanne looked at Henry immediately when she saw the lab’s logo. 
— 
In the hospital. 
Ian had been watching the live-stream closely the whole time. 
When the girl said ‘It is only right for children to provide for their parents!’, he couldn’t help but curl his lip with distaste. 
In the end, she was just a daughter that Yvette had with someone else. Even though she looked like her, she wasn’t her. She ultimately still had her father’s cowardly nature in her and had actually compromised at a time like this. 
Ian broke into a frown and decided to exit the live-stream.
However, it was at this moment that Nora said ‘Why should I provide for someone who has no blood ties with me whatsoever?’. Thinking that this was Nora’s way of dodging the topic, he even admired her cleverness. 
After all, by saying that, the focus of the incident would change from a daughter refusing to provide for her elderly parents, to whether she really was their daughter or not. 
Like Yvette, she was very sly and crafty. 
Ian lowered his gaze. The thought had only just formed in his mind when Nora brandished a DNA test report! 
The cameraman aimed the camera right at the cell phone, allowing everyone to see the screen clearly! 
Nora Smith… indeed wasn’t Henry’s daughter! 
Ian suddenly sat up straight. His eyes looked as if they were glowing in this instant as he stared hard at the live-stream on his cell phone! 
If… If she wasn’t Henry’s daughter… 
Then who did Yvette have her with?! 
Could she be… 
Ian suddenly flipped open the quilt covering him and made a move to get out of bed. However, the nurse outside the door rushed in and pressed his shoulders down. “What are you doing, Mr. Smith?” 
Ian was so agitated that his eyes were turning red and moist.
He said, “Joel! Get Joel!” 
The nurse immediately nodded. “Okay, we’ll look for him right away. Can you lie back down first, please?” 
Ian lay back down. 
He stared at the ceiling. There was only one thought in his mind at the moment: 
Might she be his daughter?!
###Chapter 164: The Kindness of Giving Birth To Her?
Chapter 164: The Kindness of Giving Birth To Her? 
The comments in the live-stream had already gone nuts: 
‘Oh my god! I actually just saw a plot twist online! She isn’t his biological daughter! My goodness!’ 
‘No wonder she isn’t close to her father! As it turned out, she isn’t his biological daughter! It’s no wonder, then!’ 
‘That’s too biased an opinion. The way I see it, the kindness one shows by raising a child outweighs that of giving birth to the child. Just because she isn’t his biological child, does that mean she can just forget how painstakingly he had raised her?’ 
‘I agree. If you can be a total ingrate just because you aren’t your parents’ biological child, then what kind of position do you put the families in who so kindly adopt children in the orphanage?’ 
‘I am an adopted child myself. My biological parents abandoned me at birth, but my adoptive parents treated me very well. Our relationship now is no different from that of blood-related parents and children. Does it matter whether we are blood-related or not?’ 
… 
At the Andersons. 
Roxanne, who was astounded by the turn of events, was actually feeling a little embarrassed. She had come here solely to hype it up for her live-stream, as well as to persuade them to reconcile. 
She hadn’t expected such twists and turns at all.
She couldn’t help but secretly blame and resent Henry for not telling her the truth. Besides, from the way he was reacting, he obviously knew about it. He just didn’t want to admit to it, that was all. 
She frowned and glanced at the comments in the live-stream. Then, the quick-witted reporter said, “There’s no greater kindness than the love and care that one receives from their parents when they’re growing up, Ms. Smith. A DNA test report doesn’t explain anything. Since you grew up in the Smiths, then that makes them your parents. Do you really want to sever ties with your parents who had so painstakingly brought you up?” 
The moment she said that, Wendy reacted very quickly. She took out a handkerchief from who-knows- where and held it over her eyes as she cried. She said, “I see. Did you distance yourself from us because of that? But think about it—when have we ever treated you badly during all these years?” 
Henry’s expression had also darkened. 
Having a fact like this exposed put him in an embarrassing situation. However, now that things had come to this, it wasn’t just a matter of whether it was embarrassing or not anymore. 
He clenched his jaw and said, “Yes, you are indeed not my biological daughter, but on account of my relationship with your mother, I’ve treated you like my own all these years. I worked so hard to make money so that I could provide for you. Are you going to just negate our kindness in bringing you up just because you’re not my biological daughter?” 
Roxanne heaved a sigh and said, “They’re your parents, Ms. Smith. It’s all thanks to them that you’ve grown from a helpless baby to the beautiful young woman you are now. As far as I know, you were home until you were at least 19 years old. You…” 
The trio joined forces to denounce her. 
Nora cast her eyes down.
She didn’t like exposing her affairs to others, and letting them know that she had never been loved since she was a child; or that she had always hidden herself in a pitch-dark room since she was a child; or that when she was still a child without any means of retaliation, she could only eat food that had gone bad and drink cold water. 
She disliked even more letting others know how miserable her life had been when she was a child. 
Someone as strong and powerful as she had never needed anyone’s sympathy. 
Besides, she wasn’t eloquent enough to talk about those things. 
However, it wasn’t her style to allow those three people to twist and distort the truth, either. 
Nora lowered her head, held up her cell phone, and tapped a few times on it with her long and slender fingers. 
As a result, all the viewers in the live-stream could see was the sight of her completely ignoring the three people’s words and playing with her cell phone with her head down, which made her look very rude. 
The negative comments in the live-stream became even worse. 
‘That little missy is really pretty, but why doesn’t she know how to conduct herself properly?’ 
‘No matter what, your parents did raise you into an adult. You can’t just do that!’ 
‘Those are the Andersons. Looks like I really can’t patronize Harmonia Pharmacy’s medicines anymore. How can their medicines be any good when the people making them are so heartless?’ 
‘I heard that her aunt—that is, Mrs. Anderson over there—isn’t any decent human being, either.’
… 
All sorts of verbal abuse bombarded the comments in the live-stream. 
Melissa was livid. She said, “Why don’t you ask yourselves whether or not you really treated Nora well?! If you had, why would you stop her from ever going to school?!” 
Wendy let out a sigh. “That’s because she has in poor health. We’ve spent a lot on her over the years because of her health! In fact, we used to have quite a lot of income, but because of her condition, we’ve depleted all our savings… I know you must think that we’re doing this for money, and to tell the truth, we are indeed doing this for money; but that’s because we’ve been driven into a corner and are at our wits’ end!” 
Wendy held her hand over her eyes and wept as she said, “Even though our elder daughter has spent all our savings, by right, since the money was for her medical fees, it shouldn’t matter. Our younger daughter is now in graduate school and isn’t working, the family is out of money. At this point, our elder daughter is found by her wealthy relatives. I heard that Nora’s mother owns some of the Andersons’ company’s shares, so she’s very rich now… We’re not asking for riches and honor; we’re just hoping that she can take out some money—even just a few thousand dollars would do—to help the family out. I have my own selfish motives too! I really feel so terrible seeing my younger daughter live from hand to mouth! Nora, as an elder sister, can’t you even spare your sister a bit of what you have when you’re doing well? Your father and I are old, so we can do without it. We’re willing to even live off scraps! But your younger sister is such an outstanding girl…” 
Her acting could really make anyone listening to her weep in sadness. 
Melissa had always been a very eloquent woman, but even she was astounded by Wendy’s shamelessness.
Simon took an even more straightforward approach. To him, if spending a small amount of money could resolve the issue, then he would just do it and have them drop the issue altogether. He wouldn’t hold it against them anymore, either. Thus, he asked, “How much are you planning to ask Nora for?” 
His question made Wendy’s eyes light up. She replied, “How about this? Not only is Nora rich now, but we also only sent her to the doctors last time because she was supposedly Henry’s biological daughter. In that case, we’ll have her return us all the money we spent on her medical treatment during all these years. If she doesn’t want to be involved with us in the future, we won’t come anymore, either. We’re not asking for too much, right?” 
The live-stream was filled with comments such as: 
‘Their request isn’t too much at all!’ 
‘Exactly. I don’t find Ms. Smith a good person, either. In that case, they might as well have her pay them a lump sum and cut her off after that!’ 
‘Since she wants to cut them off so much, they should properly settle all the accounts from the past. Why stick to just medical expenses? They should also include everything else like living expenses and so on!’ 
… 
While such comments were being passed in the live-stream, Nora finally raised her icy-cold eyes and spoke. She said, “Sure. In that case, let’s settle the accounts properly. Let’s take the meals I ate ever since I was a child as five dollars each. That makes fifteen dollars a day. In total, that’s—” 
Wendy smiled and interrupted her. She said, “Is there a need to go into such detail, Nora? All of this happened twenty years ago. Who would remember them that clearly? Why don’t we do this instead?
Let’s just calculate the few big expenses instead. The first is your medical expenses. Next, during those few years you were abroad…” 
Henry nodded and said, “Yes, that’s right. We’ll forget about the daily food expenses and so on. I’ll just take it that I was feeding a dog. Let’s just calculate the few big expenses instead…” 
“No, that won’t do.” Nora stood tall and straight, and a sharp glint flashed in her drowsy-looking eyes in this instant. Her lips curled upward into a smile and she said unhurriedly in a low voice, “I’ve always been one who distinguishes clearly between gratitude and grudges, so I mustn’t leave out even a single cent.. I have a detailed breakdown of your bank records here…”
###Chapter 165: The Truth!
Chapter 165: The Truth! 
His bank records? 
Henry was stunned. 
So was Wendy. 
The next moment, Henry sneered, “Do you think you’re a bank teller? How would you possibly have our bank records?” 
Nora, however, ignored them and looked at Melissa instead. She said, “Aunt Melissa, the printer at home has already printed them out. Please get someone to retrieve them.” 
The printer? 
She hadn’t noticed Nora going to the computer and doing anything, though~ 
However, she kept quiet about it and went upstairs with the nanny instead. Within a minute, the two of them came back down with a stack of papers. 
Nora took out a few sheets from the stack and passed them to Roxanne. She said, “These are the family’s income details.” 
Roxanne was taken aback, but she still took the papers from Nora. 
Printed on them were details of income that their bank accounts had received over the years.
Every month, Idealian Pharmaceuticals would transfer a sum of money into one of the bank accounts. They amounted to roughly five million dollars a year. This had gone on for 25 years without any interruption at all. 
Most importantly, it was the only source of income for all bank cards under the Smiths! 
Roxanne was stunned. “What does this mean?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile as she answered, “Idealian Pharmaceuticals is a company under my mother’s name before she got married.” 
A furious Henry retorted, “It became our joint property after we got married!” 
Roxanne was dumbfounded. She said, “In other words, your entire family’s income comes from the company that your mother left behind? In that case, what positions do the two of you hold in the company, Mr. and Mrs. Smith?” 
The whole family’s income came from Nora’s mother’s company. 
Therefore, Roxanne had subconsciously assumed that the two of them worked in the company. 
But unexpectedly, Henry and Wendy’s expressions changed as soon as she uttered the question, and both of them became rather embarrassed. 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile as she said, “Oh, them? … They don’t hold any positions in there because my mother has handed the company over to a professional manager to handle its affairs.” 
Roxanne, “?” 
Nora looked at Henry and Wendy, and asked, “The two of you claim that you worked really hard to make money to provide for me, right? May I ask how much, if any, did the two of you make during all these years?”
Her words made Henry flush. 
Wendy hemmed and hawed, unable to say anything. 
Henry, however, became angry and said, “I told you, those dividends are our joint property after your mother and I got married, so that makes them mine!” 
“Tsk.” 
Nora smiled and said, “If I recall correctly, my mother left the company to me. Before I come of age, the company was to be managed by a manager, and the dividends entrusted to my guardian—in other words, you. The company is mine now, though.” 
These were all agreed on beforehand. The manager had already shown her the prenuptial agreement a long time ago. 
Even though Nora still looked half-asleep, her argument was reasonable and well-founded. She looked straight at Roxanne and said, “Therefore, their claim that they worked hard to make money is completely invalid!” 
The viewers in the live-stream were also dumbfounded. 
‘Damn. So, after all this time, it turns out that they have been living off Ms. Smith’s mother all these years?’ 
‘What is this? Did he marry into his ex-wife’s family instead of the other way round?’ 
‘So, after so many years of spending money meant to provide for Ms. Smith, Mr. Smith, a man who sponged off his ex-wife, has found his way over because he doesn’t have any more money to spend?’ 
‘What is it like to count money at home every day without going to work for more than twenty years? That’s an annual income of over five million dollars and a monthly income of $40,000 to $50,000! Oh my
god! How do you even spend that much money?’ 
‘This plot twist is seriously making me lost for words!’ 
… 
Back at the Andersons’, Henry clenched his jaw. 
Wendy straightened her neck stiffly and said, “Even so, we did bring you up! The dividends were all spent on you! Money and whatnot aren’t what matters; what matters the most when a child is growing up is companionship! It’s the fact that we gave you a home!” 
A home? 
For Nora, that word was a ludicrous mockery in itself. 
She scoffed and handed another thick stack of bills detailing the Smiths’ expenditures to Roxanne. She said, “You can check the bills and see for yourselves just how much of the money was spent on me.” 
Henry swallowed. 
Wendy couldn’t help but smile hastily and say, “How can anyone possibly remember every single expense that took place over a period of more than twenty years, Nora? No matter what, we’re still a family!” 
Nora ignored her. She merely looked at Roxanne and asked, “Can you do accounting?” 
Roxanne replied, “… Yes, I can.” 
For some inexplicable reason, she was now at a disadvantage.
She was obviously a reporter who came to mitigate a family dispute. Why had she suddenly become someone’s assistant instead? 
Before one even realized, that woman had already taken control of the situation. 
The corners of her lips spasmed as she took out the bills and started going through them. 
It would probably take a really long time if she were to really calculate the expenses like that. Thus, Nora kindly said, “Just now, they claimed that they spent all their savings on my medical expenses. Why don’t you calculate how much they’ve spent on that?” 
People were required to register with their actual names when they went to the doctors. 
If they brought her to the doctors, there would definitely be records of it. 
Roxanne nodded and started to look through the bills starting from 25 years ago. At the same time, she also got the cameraman to take out his cell phone and calculate the numbers. 
After going through a few pages of the Smiths’ expenditure records, she was stunned. It wasn’t until it reached the point where Nora was five that she finally found a medical record from a hospital. She said, “… 30 dollars.” 
The cameraman, “?” 
Nora cast her eyes down. 
That one was because she was too hungry, so she had eaten expired food and ended up suffering from food poisoning. 
Henry ultimately couldn’t let her die. After all, if she were to die before she came of age, then the family’s dividends would be cut off.
Yet, he couldn’t bear to send her to a hospital, so he had sent her to a clinic for an IV drip instead, which had saved her life. 
While looking through their expenses in the bills, Roxanne also saw expenses amounting to large sums of money. They were either for expensive handbags and jewelry—Ms. Smith was only a few years old at that time, so they couldn’t have been bought for her—or for stocks or other kinds of investment, which, needless to say, had all ended in losses. 
The family’s food expenses were indistinguishable because they were all mixed together. 
Another large expense was school fees for an international school, which required almost a hundred thousand dollars in tuition fees every year. However, everyone knew that Ms. Smith didn’t attend school due to poor health, so it went without saying who the tuition fees were for! 
The more she saw, the more shocked Roxanne became. At the same time, she also couldn’t help but secretly call Henry a shameless man. 
Nora cast her eyes down. 
To be honest, there was no way of telling from the bills who the children’s food and clothes were bought for, but she couldn’t be bothered to explain, either. 
The clothes were all Angela’s. She was fat back then, so she had worn pajamas instead, and even so, the pajamas were things that Angela had rejected… 
However, one could also say that the things that she had experienced in her childhood were a kind of training for her.
Through the camera, Roxanne’s changes in her facial expression and her embarrassment reached everyone who was watching the live-stream. Although she hadn’t said a word, everyone was great at filling in the blanks, so they immediately understood something— 
Henry and his family must have mistreated their elder daughter! 
Wasn’t this a classic example of a man marrying into his wife’s family and sponging off her, and then hogging her assets after he successfully waited until she died?! 
The general opinion of the comments in the live-stream changed, and they began to attack Henry. 
Henry himself also realized something.. He immediately removed all his pretenses, stared at Nora, and yelled furiously, “Do you know why I didn’t treat you well? It’s because your mother cheated me into a wedding scam! She got herself pregnant before marriage and lied to me!”
###Chapter 166: Public Opinion!
Chapter 166: Public Opinion! 
An agitated Henry looked extremely furious. He said, “I only realized that the child wasn’t mine after we were married! You’re just like your mother! Like what they say, a crooked stick will have a crooked shadow! You’re both cheap women who got themselves pregnant before marriage!” 
Nora’s eyes abruptly widened. 
She clenched her fists, losing control of her emotions for the first time during this incident. 
She hadn’t expected Henry to actually refute her using this. 
Henry, however, seemed ready to risk everything as if he had nothing to lose anymore. The grown man’s eyes had even reddened, and he looked as if he was finally revealing to the public a secret that he’d kept hidden deep down in his heart. He spoke as if he had been forced into it. 
“Do you think I wanted to marry your mother? She was good-looking, beautiful, and gentle. When she was courting me back then, how was she even anything like a dignified daughter of a wealthy family? Although she owned a pharmaceutical company, I, too, had a great future ahead of me at that time. I graduated from a prestigious university and also had my own career at that time!” 
“She liked me, while I also felt budding feelings for her. After that, we fell in love. I thought I was welcoming the most blissful married life in the world, but I didn’t expect all of this to change after we got married!” 
“On the first day of our marriage, she told me that she was pregnant, but the child wasn’t mine! I was very sad and angry at that time and wanted a divorce, but she begged me not to and simply refused to agree to it.”
Henry heaved a heavy sigh. He stood with his hands behind his back, forming a sorrowful and dispirited sight. 
In the hospital. 
Ian, who was watching the live-stream, was so furious that he flung the cell phone away. “There’s no way Yvette would beg anyone! Lies! Utter lies! He’s lying through his teeth!” 
Yvette was such a strong woman. 
Back then, when she was leading the Andersons’ pharmaceutical company, she had once met with a problem in her academics. Someone told her that they would help her if she yielded and asked them for help, but she instead sneered at them and put in a month of hard work to overcome the problem instead. 
She had worked so hard that she even coughed up blood in the end! 
She was exactly someone like that. She’d rather grit her teeth, endure everything by herself, and work hard on her own than ask for help! What’s more, when it came to love, she had always been the one who had the upper hand. 
Ian, however, picked the cell phone up again after he flung it away, and continued to watch. 
The look in his eyes was very cold. 
What kind of death should he give that man, so that it would defuse his anger? 
Regardless of the reason for it, Yvette had ultimately provided for that piece of trash for so many years. She wasn’t even around anymore, yet he was still insulting her! He must be sick of living!
Ian clenched his fists tightly. He hated his body for being so useless in this instant. For the first time, he regretted having formed thoughts of dying. 
Had his physical condition permitted, he would definitely have charged over to the Andersons’ to sew that man’s mouth shut! 
— 
At the Andersons. 
Henry was still airing his grievances. He said, “I really loved her. I couldn’t bear to see her on her knees, so I decided to wait until she gave birth before we divorce. I won’t ask for even a cent from her…” 
“But humans are emotional creatures. We spent a year and a half together. She was gentle, caring, and thoughtful toward me. When she gave birth and the time for our divorce came, how could I possibly bear to part with her?” 
“She knew that I would be softhearted, so she cried and told me that she was terminally ill and didn’t have long to live. She wanted me to raise her daughter and even said that she had fallen out with her family, so I was her only kin left in the world. 
“She was dying and was so thin as she lay on the bed. I ended up relenting again.” 
“I really both love and hate her…” 
“She also personally chose a second wife, Wendy, for me. She told her to treat me well and wanted the two of us, husband and wife, to take care of her child together. 
“Later, she left the world. I missed her so badly that I fell ill. After being seriously ill for a while, I left my job. After that, I ultimately still couldn’t recover from the pain of her departure.”
“I really hate her. I hate her for deceiving me and betraying me by sleeping with another man. We only got married after dating for a year, yet at the time of our wedding, she was instead pregnant with another man’s child…” 
“But she’s already dead, so what can I do?” 
Henry wiped away the non-existent tears in his eyes before he looked at Nora again. He said, “Nora, I know you hate me for not showing you enough care and concern, but if you were me, would you have been able to calmly embrace the illegitimate child that she had had with someone else?!” 
Wendy cooperated with him very well. She said, “After spending so many years in low spirits, your father has long since become out of touch with the times. Before your mother died, she said that the company was her way of compensating him. That’s why we were unemployed.” 
The company was her way of compensating him? 
Nora lowered her gaze and let out an icy laugh. 
Henry glared at Nora again. “And you, too. It’s because your mother was afraid that you would also pick up the wrong thing like her that she didn’t allow you to go to school. That was what she said before she died. Sure enough, you turned out to be as loose a woman like her. Once again, you got yourself pregnant before marriage, and thoroughly embarrassed the Smiths! Your mother had let me down, and so did you! It’s all your mother’s fault that I’m in this state today! You should take responsibility for the consequences that you and your mother caused!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Although she didn’t really have much of an impression of that mother of hers who only existed in legends, her gentle but firm voice had kept her company for countless days and nights when she was a child.
She wasn’t going to allow Henry to slander her mother like that. 
She believed that just like herself, her mother definitely had her own reasons for getting pregnant before she was married! 
She took a step forward and clenched her fists. Her voice was cold and crisp as she demanded angrily, “Take back your accusations against my mother, Henry Smith!” 
Henry took a step back and hid behind the cameraman. He said mockingly, “Are you stopping people from bringing it up because you don’t have the guts to do it yourself? Besides, I wasn’t planning to bring this up, either. You were the one who produced the DNA test results and brought humiliation upon yourself! Your mother is a promiscuous woman who slept around with other men while she was in a relationship with me! She didn’t even know who the child’s father was. She was used goods just like you are!” 
Nora suddenly took a step forward. No one saw how she managed to go around the cameraman, but she rushed up to Henry extremely quickly, grabbed him by the collar, and said, “I told you to shut up!” 
The cameraman pointed the camera at them. 
Henry yelled, “Look at her! Do you really dare to hit me when the police are still here?! Sir, help!” 
The other policemen were about to go forward when he shouted. However, when they looked at their team leader ‘Captain Ford’ and saw that he wasn’t moving, the others stopped. 
When Henry saw that no one was coming to rescue him, and the hatred in Nora’s bloodshot eyes, with both new and old grudges stacking on top of one another, fury overwhelmed his rationale and he shouted, “Nora, even if you collude with the police, and even if you hit me, it’ll never change the fact that your mother was unfaithful and cheated on me!”
Bam! 
Nora punched him hard in the face. 
In the live-stream, viewers were also attacking both mother and daughter in the comments for their immoral behavior. On top of that, she was even being violent. 
Public opinion once again went in Henry’s favor. 
However, a man’s voice suddenly reached them at this point. 
“That was not what happened back then..”
###Chapter 167: The Truth Behind What Happened Back Then!!
Chapter 167: The Truth Behind What Happened Back Then!! 
The gentle and mellow voice was mixed with some light panting as if the owner of the voice had run all the way here. 
Everyone looked at the gates and saw Caleb Gray walking in. Dressed in a gray suit, he gave off a comfortable feeling that felt just like a spring breeze. 
His chest rose up and down slightly as he panted. His deep, melancholic eyes shifted to Nora after he spoke. He nodded politely and gently at her and said, “I rushed over immediately when I saw the live- stream. I almost messed things up for you.” 
Nora, “?” 
Wasn’t he her ex-fiancé Anthony Gray’s uncle? 
He had approached her to fulfill the marriage agreement between the Grays and her the other time. What was he doing here? 
While she was wondering about it, Caleb turned to Henry. The attitude he took with him was completely different from the one he adopted toward Nora. He even sounded a little disgusted as he said, “Do you really think that no one knows the truth about what happened back then, Mr. Smith?” 
Henry, who had been punched, was holding his nose. Blood seeped from in between his fingers. When he heard what Caleb said, he frowned. “What truth are you talking about?” 
Caleb replied, “The truth about your marriage to Ms. Anderson!” 
Henry’s eyes flickered. “What I said just now is the truth itself. What nonsense are you spouting? Are you guys planning to twist the truth? Also, who are you? How dare you come over to help that unfilial girl!” 
Caleb sighed. “I’m from the Grays.” 
The Grays? 
An astounded Henry looked at him. “What?” 
Nora could clearly sense that there was something going on in here. She thought of the marriage agreement, and how the Smiths were just a small family, whereas the Grays were a large and famous wealthy family in California. She thought of how the Grays had never demanded to break off the engagement even when she became pregnant before marriage… 
“What exactly happened back then, Mr. Gray?” asked Nora. 
Caleb replied with a sigh, “I was only three years old back then, so I didn’t know the truth. It was my father who told me everything, but everything he said is completely different from what Mr. Smith said!” 
Completely different… 
Henry became terribly anxious. “You—” 
He only managed to utter a word when Caleb looked at him, frightening him so badly that he suppressed the rest of what he had wanted to say. He was relatively unfamiliar with the wealthy families in New York, but the Grays were influential locals of California! 
Besides, his daughter was currently engaged to the Grays! 
He stepped forward and said, “We’re in-laws, Mr. Gray. You—”
Caleb lowered his gaze, causing his long eyelashes to cast silhouettes on his cheeks. He looked at Nora and slowly said, “It is true that your mother was pregnant before she was married, but this is something that everyone knew—because her belly was already showing when she got married.” 
Her belly was already showing… 
Then that meant that the wedding scam didn’t exist at all! 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “And then?” 
“Your father was just a clerk at that time. For some reason, your mother took an interest in him, so she had a frank and sincere talk with him.” 
Henry was still disputing his claim. He said, “That didn’t happen at all!” 
However, Caleb took out a very old voice recorder pen and pressed the play button. A conversation between the two started to play clearly from the recorder pen. 
The voice that Nora found so familiar, yet also felt foreign at the same time, was speaking calmly without any emotion. She asked, “Do you have a girlfriend, Henry?” 
Henry’s voice sounded a little younger than how it currently sounded. His voice shook in trepidation as he answered, “… N-no, I don’t.” 
Yvette asked, “Are you willing to marry me, then?” 
“What?” 
Yvette let out a low chuckle and said, “This is a transaction. I’m pregnant and my child needs a father, whereas your mother is sick and you need money for her medical expenses.” 
The sound of Henry swallowing hard was very obvious. He said, “Then… Then your assets…”
Yvette said, “I’m sick and in very serious condition. I can probably only live for a year after I give birth. After I die, the company will be left to my child. I’ve already found a dedicated manager for the company. As for you, you are to act as my child’s guardian. The dividends you’ll receive before she reaches adulthood will definitely be more than enough for you. I won’t hold you back from marrying and having children, either. I want you to take good care of my child. In return, as thanks, I can transfer the villa, where I’m currently living, to you.” 
Henry seemed to be in disbelief. He asked, “W-why did you pick me?” 
However, Yvette merely chuckled and said nothing. 
Henry spoke again. He asked, “A-aren’t you afraid that I’ll mistreat your child?” 
Yvette’s answer this time was very casual. She said, “It’s fine as long as you make sure that she stays alive. As for the rest, you can do whatever you want.” 
“…” 
“Oh, by the way, if she accidentally dies, then the villa will be taken back and the company’s dividends cut off. Do you understand what I’m saying?” 
“… Y-yes, I understand.” 
“Okay. If you’re agreeable to it, then just sign this contract here. I’ll give you three days to conside—” 
Henry’s voice was tinged with excitement as he interrupted her and said, “No, it’s fine! I agree!” 
… 
…
The whole place was quiet. 
No one had ever thought that the plot twist would come so quickly, or that Henry would have to eat his words so quickly. 
One by one, the people lambasting Nora in the comments changed their target. 
‘What the f*ck! Isn’t this too sensational? This is a story of a man, who was sponging off a woman, coming over to make trouble because he can’t freeload anymore, right?’ 
‘That’s a villa, y’know! It must be worth at least five million dollars in California, right? Moreover, there are also five million dollars worth of dividends every year. Her only demand is that her child stays alive…’ 
‘The mother is a little cold toward her child, but she feels so cool for some reason!’ 
‘Oh my god! Aren’t they too shameless?! Not only are they living off her and literally living in her house, but they even mistreated her child. And now, they are even pestering her child to provide for them! There’s no justice in this world anymore!’ 
… 
No one paid any attention to the comments in the live-stream. 
Nora’s eyes were downcast at the moment. As she listened to the conversation that her mother had left behind while she was still alive—and one from more than twenty years ago at that—she actually felt as if she had traveled through time and space. 
As it turned out, being a mother was also hereditary. 
She had inherited her irresponsibility from her mother.
It was fine as long as she was alive. 
Although her words sounded cold, it was actually her mother’s greatest wish for her, right? 
Her mother had been sure that as long as she was alive, she would never be ordinary, and would become strong and confident. That was why she had left her a voice recording telling her to stay low- key… 
While Nora was in a daze, Melissa had already recovered from her shock. She rebuked, “Henry, you’re worse than an animal! How did you even have the cheek to bring people to our place and make a scene here?!” 
Simon looked even more furious. He said, “The Andersons were originally planning to let you off, Henry Smith. But judging from how things are now, this feud between us is irreconcilable!” 
Henry and Wendy were just like hunted rats being persecuted by everyone now. 
The two of them supported each other. 
Henry, who knew that he was finished, yelled furiously, “What are all of you so triumphant for, Nora? Someone like you who has inherited your mother’s cold-heartedness doesn’t understand what kinship is at all! Even if you become rich and powerful, you’ll still be all alone unlike us! We’re at least still a family of three!” 
A family of three? 
The corners of Nora’s lips suddenly curled upward.. She took a step forward and said, “Henry, after calling you my father for nineteen years, why don’t I give you a parting gift too?”
###Chapter 168: A Surprise Gift~
Chapter 168: A Surprise Gift~ 
A gift? 
Henry narrowed his eyes. “What kind of gift is it?” 
Could Nora have been stung by her conscience, so she was planning to give him some money? She had ultimately grown up with them, right? When she was still a child, she even used to look at him eagerly, hoping that he would hug her. 
Henry’s eyes were shining as if they were full of greed. 
Nora, who didn’t know what he had imagined on his own, handed him the other DNA test report that she had printed with the bank statements. She said, “I hope the gift is to your liking.” 
It was a document… 
Could it be a company ownership transfer agreement? Had that daughter of his finally been stung by her conscience, and decided to transfer ownership of the tiny Idealian Pharmaceuticals in California to him? 
With that in mind, Henry flipped open the document. 
Wendy, who was standing next to Henry, also breathed a sigh of relief. They didn’t have any savings, so they fully depended on the dividends to survive. After all these years, they had also become accustomed to spending extravagantly and couldn’t get out of the habit right away. The lack of income during the last couple of months had suffocated them badly. 
She said with a smile, “Nora, even though we aren’t related by blood, it’s still true that we’ve kept each other company for more than twenty years. On account of how you’ve called Henry your father all these years, thank you very much for your help this time~” 
After speaking, she turned back to Henry and asked, “What’s that, Henry?” 
Henry was already frozen in place. He raised his head in disbelief and looked at Wendy. 
When an excited Wendy asked him that question, at last, he couldn’t hold himself back anymore. He suddenly reached out and grabbed her throat. He looked savage as he demanded, “Tell me, whose daughter is Angela?!” 
Upon being suddenly questioned like that, Wendy was stunned. Then, as though she had just realized something, she hastily grabbed Henry’s arms and said, “Let go of me first, Henry. Let go… Angela is your daughter, of course. Don’t be fooled by that woman!” 
Henry loosened his grip a little when he heard what she said. 
Wendy pushed Henry away and took several steps back. Then, she looked at Nora menacingly and dropped all of her usual pretenses. “What did you say to Henry, Nora?” 
Nora lowered her gaze and replied, “Nothing much. I just had an extra DNA test done, that’s all. Of course, if the two of you doubt its authenticity, feel free to get another lab to redo it.” 
Then, her lips curled into a smile and she added, “Oh, I forgot that you guys are broke. I can pay for it at no cost to you.” 
She spoke casually and naturally, but also with certainty. 
The test was done by Lily herself, so there was no way there would be any mistakes! 
Henry looked at Wendy again. “Tell me, is Angela my daughter or not?! Wendy, you’d best not lie to me!”
Wendy swallowed hard. Now that things had come to this point, she knew that Henry would never believe her anymore. Besides, the result would still be the same anyway, even if they had the DNA test redone. 
She ran a couple of steps toward the police and hid behind them. Then, she poked her head out and said, “That’s right, Angela isn’t your daughter! But this is all because you forced me into it!” 
Henry was taken aback. 
A sobbing Wendy said, “You abandoned me for money and prestige back then! After you married that little bitch, you said you would marry me once she died! But what happened after she died? What did you do? You started to fool around with a young and pretty woman! And never once brought up the topic of marrying me!” 
A fierce look came over Wendy’s eyes as she said, “You said that woman, Yvette Anderson, refused to let you touch her, so you were with me during the marriage, but what happened in the end? After using me to vent your sexual desires, you decided to deny responsibility? What makes you think you can do that, Henry? Did those few years of my youth all go to waste?” 
Wendy started to cry as she spoke. She said, “I had no other choice. Since you refused to marry me, I couldn’t just waste my youth like that. Besides, I just couldn’t seem to ever get pregnant when I was with you, so I simply decided to go to another man instead… It was only after I became pregnant and drove you into a corner with the baby that you finally gave in!” 
Henry flew into a rage and rushed forward to hit her. He shouted, “You bitch! How dare you lie to me and trick me into bringing up someone else’s daughter for more than twenty years!”
Wendy clutched one of the policemen’s arm and cried out, “Sir, someone’s trying to kill me! You have to help me!” 
Ford didn’t move. However, the rest of the policemen held Henry back and said, “Talk it out if you have a problem with each other. Assaulting someone is against the law!” 
Henry’s chest heaved up and down in fury. “You! It’s because of Angela that I didn’t ask for any more children! I didn’t think that you’d actually kept me from having any daughter of my own for the rest of my life!” 
Wendy sneered, “I’m the cause of it? Given that body of yours, how can you possibly have any children? We’ve been together for so many years, but I’ve never been pregnant with your child. In contrast, I merely spent the night with another man once and I immediately became pregnant. Why don’t you say it’s because you’re impotent instead?” 
Impotent… 
Henry, who had been accused of being impotent in front of a nationwide broadcast, had thoroughly embarrassed himself inside out! 
He roared furiously, “Shut the hell up!” 
Wendy, however, wasn’t afraid. In fact, she even said arrogantly, “You’re too old to ever have any children in the future, so I’d advise you to calm down. This way, I can still get Angela to continue providing for you as her father. If you continue to verbally abuse me, both my daughter and I won’t acknowledge you as father and husband anymore!” 
They would stop acknowledging him as father and husband… 
Henry felt a sharp pain in his heart.
There weren’t any fathers who didn’t love their children in this world. 
He had honestly really given all of his love to Angela, but in the end, the moment he thought of how she wasn’t his daughter, he couldn’t help but feel conflicted and agonized… 
Wendy stepped forward and grabbed his arm. She said, “You’d better stop making a scene, Henry. Otherwise, everyone is going to see you as a joke! Just take it that this has never happened. Our family of three can still live like how we did in the past!” 
Wendy’s eyes flickered when she said that. 
The villa in California was still under Henry’s name! 
Henry looked at her. A moment later, he closed his mouth. 
The elderly were the most afraid of having no one to rely on in old age. He had given all his love to Angela. In that sense, Angela wouldn’t treat him that badly in the future, either. 
Even if she wasn’t his biological daughter, he could only live with it now! 
Henry felt tightness in his chest as if something was stuck there. Suddenly, he tasted something sweet in his throat, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood and fainted. 
Wendy hurriedly called an ambulance and sent him to the hospital. 
The fiasco finally ended. 
Roxanne and the cameraman tried to slip away during the chaos but were caught by Ford. He said, “For trespassing into private property without the owner’s consent, damaging someone else’s reputation
through means of a live-stream, and infringing someone else’s portrait rights, you are hereby arrested for multiple offenses. Please come with us to the police station!” 
While the police were arresting them, Nora was thanking Caleb. She took the recorder pen and said, “It seems like my mother trusted your family very much.” 
Caleb smiled gently when he heard what she said. His melancholic eyes were deep and bottomless as he said, “I thought you would ask me who your biological father is.” 
Nora looked up at him and asked, “You know who he is?”
###Chapter 169: She Must Be My Daughter
Chapter 169: She Must Be My Daughter 
Caleb smiled and shook his head. “I don’t.” 
Nora uttered an ‘oh’. She wasn’t particularly bothered. 
A puzzled Caleb asked, “Don’t you want to know?” 
Nora replied detachedly, “It doesn’t matter to me.” 
It really didn’t matter to her. 
Having grown up in a family like that ever since she was a child, kinship wasn’t something indispensable for her. 
To her, the greatest value her mother had was that she had given birth to her, and also left her with so much material she could study and learn from. 
Her father… 
That word had been associated with Henry since she was a child. Even though he wasn’t her father anymore, she didn’t feel much affection for the word. 
Nora put the recorder pen away safely into her pocket. Then, she looked at Caleb and said, “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” Caleb sighed and said, “Back then, your mother asked us to take care of you. You can say that all this was because the Grays were negligent.” 
Caleb also had a look of approval and appreciation on his countenance when he talked about Yvette.
While they were talking, Ford suddenly walked over. His expression was as stern as ever as if he never smiled or laughed. He interrupted their conversation and said, “Ms. Smith, Mr. Gray. We need the two of you to give your statements for investigative purposes.” 
Statements? 
Nora was taken aback. 
Caleb also couldn’t help but ask, “It’s just trespassing on private property. Why do we have to give statements for it?” 
Ford looked firm and determined, and his facial features were chiseled and defined. He spoke politely but with a commandeering air as if he was someone who had held a high position for a long time. He said, “Please go through the motions with us.” 
Nora felt that he wasn’t someone to be messed with. 
She nodded. 
Caleb didn’t refuse, either. Thus, the two of them were asked to go down to the police station together. They were also assigned to different rooms. 
Nora sat casually in the dark room. Her big boss-like demeanor made the few policemen stare at one another. 
Most people would shiver in fear in the police station, but why was that woman looking as if she was at a tourist attraction? 
Also, was it really necessary to bring them back to take their statements for something as trivial as trespassing into private property? They didn’t dare to voice that out loud, though, and could only sneak glances at Ford.
That man’s identity wasn’t simple. The whole police station had to obey his orders! 
Nora looked around curiously. 
“What are you looking at, Ms. Smith?” asked Ford. 
“At your dark little room here. It really does shut out all the light. I can probably sleep really well here.” 
“…” 
Although Nora slept a lot, the quality of her sleep had always been rather poor. Therefore, Cherry never dared to disturb her when she was sleeping. 
There wasn’t any light in the interrogation room at all, which surprisingly made it a great place for sleeping. 
Ford kept quiet for a while before he asked, “Do you know anything about your mother, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora’s eyebrows raised slightly at the question. 
She suddenly asked, “Are you a special ops officer?” 
Ford was taken aback, but he didn’t speak. 
Nora’s fingers tapped lightly against the chair. She said, “All the other policemen act in accordance to your will, so you’re likely very highly ranked. However, it’s not quite appropriate for such a high-ranking officer to handle disputes over trespassing of private property. So, you came to my home because of this?” 
Ford’s jaw tightened. A short while later, he stood up.
He subconsciously straightened his back when he got up. His posture was tall and straight, and his entire self seemed as sharp as a razor. It was as though there was nothing that could stand in his way. 
His voice was deep and steady. He said, “My name is Morris Ford.” 
“… Hello, Captain Ford.” 
Morris said, “We’re investigating a case from more than twenty years ago. The case is related to your mother, so I’d like to know more about her through you. Please cooperate with us, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora’s eyes flickered a little. 
It was just like what she had thought! 
Her mother had suddenly left the Andersons back then. She broke up with Ian Smith, went to California all by herself, and never contacted her family ever since. There must be a reason for all that! 
She asked, “Can I ask what kind of case it is?” 
Morris shook his head. “I’m sorry, but this is a Class S case, you’re not authorized to know anything about it.” 
“…” 
Nora kept quiet for a while. At last, she said, “I don’t know anything at all.” 
Her mother had left her a lot of things, but there was nothing among them that challenged the boundaries of the law except for the Imperial League… 
Morris scrutinized her, seemingly trying to judge whether what she had just said was true or false.
The man had an extremely sharp gaze. No one could lie while he was staring straight at them. However, the young woman in front of him was calm, and her almond-shaped eyes were so clear that one could see right to the bottom of them. It instead made one unable to read her thoughts. 
For the first time, Morris couldn’t see through the truth of something and someone. 
After thinking for a while, he said, “In that case, please sign the statement, Ms. Smith. You can leave after that.” 
After saying that, he went next door. 
Caleb was in the room next door. 
After signing the statement, Nora walked out of the police station. After waiting outside for a while, Caleb finally came out. There was some hesitancy on his countenance as he said, “That man is so strange. He keeps asking about Aunt Yvette, but I was unfortunately only three or four years old at that time. How would I know anything about her…” 
Nora’s eyes flickered a little when she heard what he said. 
At this point, Caleb’s cell phone suddenly rang. He smiled at Nora and picked up the call. At once, his expression darkened and a chilly glint flashed in his dark eyes. He said, “I’ll come over right away.” 
After hanging up, he looked at Nora and said, “I have something on, so I’ll leave first, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora nodded. 
At the same time. 
In the hospital.
Joel Smith hurried over when he heard from the nurse. He was panting rather hard. When he entered the ward, he saw that his uncle, who was usually in low spirits and looked half-dead all the time, was actually seated there looking somewhat anxious at the moment. 
Joel asked, “What’s the matter, Uncle Ian?” 
After a long silence, Ian finally said, “Joel, she must be my daughter.” 
Joel was taken aback. “Who?” 
Ian’s hand was trembling somewhat as he answered, “Nora Smith.” 
He had watched the entire live-stream. 
Therefore, he knew that Yvette’s company in California back then was named Idealian Pharmaceuticals. 
Ideals… Dreams… And Ian… 
Ian… 
Was it because Yvette had also missed him that she also dreamed of him?! 
An agitated Ian grabbed Joel’s hand and said, “Go and investigate her! Investigate all of Nora’s past. If possible, have a DNA test done for us!” 
Joel held his hand and said, “Calm down, Uncle Ian. I’ll have her investigated right away.” 
Ian nodded. 
Then, Joel suddenly said, “I can investigate her background, Uncle Ian, but you must promise me that you’ll live on properly. It’s only if you’re alive that you’ll get to know the answers to your questions.”
The light came back into Ian’s originally muted eyes when he heard him. 
— 
At the Woods. 
Miranda and Rachel had watched the entire live-stream and seen the plot twist at the end. 
Miranda smacked the table angrily. “Henry Smith is so useless!” 
Rachel also curled her lip in distaste and said, “We spent all that money and got them Roxanne in vain… Fortunately, though, we’ve already paid her to keep quiet, so she won’t sell us out.” 
However, as soon as she said that, the door was suddenly pushed open..
###Chapter 170: Retribution
Chapter 170: Retribution 
Farrell entered the room, looking livid. 
Miranda hastily exchanged a look with Rachel when she saw him, and both of them shut up. Miranda got up and took a step forward with a smile. “Why are you back so early today?” She asked. 
She subconsciously wanted to take Farrell’s bag from him, but when she held it, she found that Farrell hadn’t let go. 
Surprised, a puzzled Miranda called out, “Farrell?” 
As soon as she said that, Farrell suddenly reached out. A loud smack rang out as he gave her a tight slap across the cheek, causing Miranda to see stars as her head turned to the side. 
She was absolutely stunned. 
The Woods had always been a scholarly family who preferred to talk things out rather than resorting to violence. Farrell was also a gentleman among gentlemen. During all these years, he had never even raised his voice against her before, let alone hit her! 
After a stunned moment, Miranda finally reacted. She shouted shrewishly, “What are you doing, Farrell? How dare you hit me! Are you looking down on me because my family is down and out right now? I just knew it would be like this! The Woods are kicking me while I’m down! That’s it, I’m leaving! I’m going back to my parents’ place!” 
Farrell gazed at his wife in front of him with a sharp glint in his eyes. The somewhat disappointed man let out a contemptuous laugh and said, “You’re right, I’m not blessed enough to have a daughter of the Sonnets with me. I’ll have someone pack your things and send you home right away!”
A dumbfounded Miranda was in shock. 
Rachel hastily rushed over and shouted, “Dad, what are you doing? If you’re sending Mom away, then you can send both my younger brother and me away, too!” 
Farrell glared at her. He suddenly raised his hand at her, frightening Rachel into squeezing her eyes shut in a hurry. 
However, when the smack rang out, Rachel didn’t feel any pain on her cheek. She opened her eyes in shock and saw that Farrell’s cheek was red—he had slapped himself instead… 
Farrell stared at Rachel with great grief and said, “Spare the rod, spoil the child! It’s my fault for thinking that you should be raised by your mother because you’re a girl! That’s why you became mad with jealousy, narrow-minded, and petty at such a young age!” 
Rachel, who found his scoldings ridiculous, said, “Did my aunt say something to you again, Dad? How can she do that? She forgave us and called you on the surface, and then immediately complained to you the next moment? She’s too much!” 
Miranda also nodded. “Yes, it must be her!” 
Farrell stared at the mother-daughter pair in front of him and shut his eyes in pain. 
He had still thought that it was impossible that they would ever do something like that when he received the call from Mr. Hunt earlier that day. His wife and his younger sister didn’t get along, but there were just verbal disagreements. His wife was always trying to get the upper hand over his younger sister. 
He didn’t believe that his wife would do something like that. Had it been someone else who had called him, he would definitely have trusted his wife without any hesitation.
However, the person who had called him was Justin Hunt. 
Mr. Hunt would never make trouble for a woman without any reason! 
Moreover, he had also outright given him the evidence of them bribing Roxanne, as well as of them paying to have the live-stream trend on social media! 
No matter how incredulous Farrell was, he had no choice but to believe it after that. 
He waved somewhat tiredly and said, “I’ll give you two options.” 
Miranda was stunned. 
Farrell lowered his head and said, “The first one—someone will monitor all your actions in the future, but I will continue to give you the title of Mrs. Wood. The second—we divorce.” 
Miranda was stunned. 
“No, I don’t agree to that. Dad, are you planning to put Mom under house arrest? You—” 
However, before Rachel could finish, Farrell looked back at her and said, “And you, too. I’ll give you three options. The first one—you can stay at home, but you’re not allowed to contact your mother anymore. Also, you have to attend college properly! The second—go abroad, but you are not allowed to return during the next three years. Neither are you allowed to have any contact with your mother during this time! The third—leave with your mother.” 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
So was Miranda.
— 
Henry and Wendy returned to the hotel where they were temporarily staying, after they left the Andersons’ villa. 
Henry looked livid. When he saw Angela waiting for them after they reached the hotel, his expression instantly darkened even further. 
Angela had watched the live-stream from start to finish, so she naturally also knew the truth. 
She rushed up to Henry with her eyes red and said, “Dad, I know Mom has let you down, but in my heart, you’re still my father!” 
Henry, who was being hugged by his daughter, thought of how he had carried her and played with her when she was a child, and the bit of displeasure he had, disappeared along with the wind. 
Ah, well. 
No matter what, he had brought her up, after all. He still had feelings for her. 
Henry took a deep breath and entered the bathroom to take a bath. 
He was all tuckered out after kicking up such a fuss at the Andersons today. 
When the sound of running water started to ring out, Angela sat beside Wendy restlessly, lowered her voice, and asked, “Mom, so I’m not Dad’s daughter? What do we do now?” 
Angela curled her lip in distaste. “I’ve never liked him ever since I was a kid. He doesn’t work and isn’t motivated at all. All he knows is to fool around at home every day. I couldn’t even answer when my classmates asked me what my dad did for a living. It was so embarrassing! No wonder I don’t look like him at all. As it turns out, it’s because I’m not his daughter! Mom, I really don’t understand. Since the
truth is out, and he doesn’t have any money left anyway, does that mean we can abandon him? Let’s just leave by ourselves!” 
Wendy whispered, “Shh, keep it down. Don’t let him hear you. We have to keep him happy for now. At the very least, he still has that villa in California under his name. It’s worth more than five million dollars! We can fall out with him after he gives you the villa instead!” 
The villa… 
Angela thought of the five million dollars and heaved a sigh. “Alright,” she said. 
While the two of them were whispering to each other, Henry had already finished his bath and exited the bathroom in a bathrobe. After he came out, he saw that there were a few missed calls on his cell phone. 
They were all from friends showing him concern after watching the live-stream. He called them back, one by one. 
He spat angrily, “Nora has no conscience whatsoever! She’s not like our filial Angela at all! Even if she isn’t my biological daughter, how is she any different from one?” 
“Hah, Nora is very strange. She has always wanted to be close to me ever since she was a child, but I’ve never wanted to pay her any attention at all. Now, Angela is different though. We have emotional ties with each other…” 
A stubborn Henry replied several calls in a row. Angela poured him a glass of water and asked, “Does your throat hurt, Dad?” 
Henry took the glass of water from her. He couldn’t help but sigh—no matter what, at least this daughter of his treated him sincerely. Although he didn’t get any money from Nora, at least he still had kinship.
At least they would still stay as a family of three, as long as he didn’t hold it against Wendy and forgave her… 
Ding-dong! The doorbell suddenly rang. 
Henry got up and went to open the door. A few lawyers were outside the door. They said, “Mr. Smith, as you’ve displayed abusive behavior while raising Ms. Smith, according to the signed agreement between you and Ms.. Anderson, we shall now take back ownership of the villa you’re living in!”
###Chapter 171: Henry Smith’s Fate
Chapter 171: Henry Smith’s Fate 
Henry was utterly stunned when he heard what the lawyer said. “We agreed back then that the villa will be mine as long as I make sure she’s alive, and she’s alive and well right now! You can’t take back the villa!” 
The two lawyers looked at each other. 
“We wouldn’t know anything about that. However, we have gone through all the procedures legally, and Ms. Smith has the final say with regard to the villa!” 
Henry was dumbfounded. 
He simply couldn’t believe that this could happen. He grabbed the contract from the lawyer and read it carefully. 
Sure enough, in the contract he had signed was a clause that stated that once Nora came of age, she would have the right to decide whether or not to take back ownership of the villa. 
In other words, if he treated Nora alright, she wouldn’t take back the villa. 
But if he didn’t, then Yvette would have a backup plan for her! 
Henry was so furious that he whipped out his cell phone and called Nora right away. “You no-good daughter! How can you treat me like this when I brought you up until you were 18 years old! That villa is mine! Your mother said that as long as you’re alive, the villa will remain mine!” 
Nora’s voice was very low and deep, and also tinged with sinister ruthlessness as she said, “If you hadn’t buried my son alive, perhaps I would have given you the villa.” 
Her words stunned Henry. “H-how did you know?” 
Wendy was the only person whom he had told. He had never told anyone else about it. How did she know about it? 
Henry was completely unaware that she had already hacked into his cell phone’s operating system when they were on the phone previously, and could monitor their conversations in real-time. 
A mocking Nora replied, “What do you think?” 
Henry suddenly looked at Wendy—he suspected that she was the one who had told Nora about it. However, this wasn’t the time to be pursuing such things. He yelled furiously, “Nora, our family of three grew up in that villa! We are its true owners! Do you think you’ll have a home just because you’ve taken the villa? Dream on! Even if we lose the villa, you’ll still be all alone, whereas the three of us are a family!” 
“Is that so?” Nora drawled, “Then I hope your family of three will stay together forever?” 
Henry, “?” 
When he wanted to say something, the other party hung up on him. 
Henry, “…” 
The two lawyers were just there to notify him about the villa’s ownership. They didn’t need his consent to take it back. Since they had fulfilled their duty, the two of them left. 
Henry plopped down on the sofa after they left.
Wendy and Angela exchanged a look and then looked at Henry. Wendy asked carefully, “Henry, the villa…” 
“We won’t be able to get the villa back anymore! This is New York, where the Andersons are a big family with a big business. If we fight it out with her, we’ll definitely be the ones to lose out in the end!” 
Henry’s brows drew together. “Forget it, let’s go back to California for now. Take out all the valuable things you’ve bought over the years and sell them as soon as possible. The money should be enough for the three of us to survive, right?” 
The company had an annual income of five million dollars. After receiving the money, Henry would always buy Wendy handbags and jewelry, as well as various luxury goods for Angela. 
On the contrary, he only owned two valuable watches. 
Wendy’s eyes flickered when she heard him. 
She and Angela exchanged another look and then nodded. 
Henry got up from the sofa and said, “Let’s book our flight tickets and leave right away, lest anything else happens while we’re still here and we end up not even able to enter the house when we get home. It would be terrible if we can’t get those things out of the house! Go and book the flight tickets, Wendy!” 
“Okay,” Wendy replied without any hesitation. 
She went to the side with her cell phone and used it for a while before she said, “The earliest flight is in three hours. You can relax for now.” 
“Okay,” replied Henry.
Angela poured him a glass of water. “Have some water, Dad.” 
Henry took the glass from her. However, he almost spat the water out after taking a sip. He flung the glass onto the floor and snapped, “Why is it so hot?!” 
Angela’s eyes flickered. 
Henry had never lost his temper with her in the past, even when the water she poured for him was too hot. As expected, he must have become estranged from her after he realized the truth, right? 
She lowered her head and said, “I didn’t mean it, Dad.” 
Wendy hurried over and held Angela, who had squatted down to clean the mess, with a touch of frostiness on her countenance. 
Then, she smiled and said, “Now that you’ve been accepted to the New York University School of Medicine, you should go back to the school, Angela. You don’t have to go back with us. Go for an internship during summer vacation instead. There’s still some money in this card, so take it with you for now.” 
Angela looked at Henry. 
Henry wanted to say that there were almost $50,000 in the card, which was too much. However, when he thought of how they would be able to sell the things at home for more than a million dollars after they got home, he chose not to say anything. 
He had to win over his daughter! 
Angela took the card, picked up her bag, and left. 
After she left, Wendy and Henry packed their luggage together.
An hour later, the two set off for the airport. 
When they arrived at the airport, Wendy looked at Henry and suggested, “Why don’t you check in the luggage first? It looks like there are a lot of people in line over there. I’ll go and collect the tickets at the self-service check-in kiosk and come back later!” 
Checked baggage must be done at least fifty minutes before takeoff. They wouldn’t be able to check in the baggage if they were too late. Time was rather pressing, so Henry nodded. 
He brought the two suitcases with him and lined up behind the crowd. 
At the sight of how the people in front were walking so slowly, he felt a little anxious. 
New York was a big and crowded place, indeed. Even the airport was teeming with people. Seeing that there was only an hour left to take-off, and that he had already waited for over half an hour, yet Wendy still hadn’t returned—Henry decided to call her. 
Wendy picked up the call very quickly. 
“Where are you?” asked Henry. 
Wendy smiled and answered, “I’m on the plane, of course!” 
Henry was taken aback. “What?” 
Wendy replied, “The plane is about to start taxiing, Henry. Let’s bid our farewells here!” 
Henry was utterly astounded. “What do you mean, Wendy?”
“It means exactly what I said, Henry. Don’t worry about the luxury goods in the villa. I’ve already asked my brother to go over and retrieve them all!” 
Henry was filled with disbelief. “Wendy, what are you doing? We can get more than a million dollars with those things. Even if we don’t have the villa anymore, we won’t have to worry about money for the rest of our lives!” 
Wendy laughed. She sounded very relaxed as she said, “Yes, you’re right. With that money, Angela and I won’t have to worry about money for the rest of our lives, so you can rest assured!” 
Henry finally understood what she was saying. “A-are you actually abandoning me?” 
Wendy sneered, “I’ve done so much and worked so hard at home to take care of you all these years, Henry, but what about you? Who do you think you are? All you do is shout and yell at me all day, and treat me like a free babysitter. Now that you don’t have any more income, why should I still bend all over to make you happy? The money is all mine now, and I will spend it well, so you don’t have to worry! As for Angela, I’d advise you not to bother her.. Otherwise, I’ll expose everything you’ve done and put you in jail!”
###Chapter 172: A Discovery
Chapter 172: A Discovery 
Henry had done some illegal business in California over the years. Although he had made a loss in the end, it was a fact that he had broken the law. 
Should Wendy really report him, Henry would have to go to jail! 
Henry was successfully deterred. 
Wendy then said, “We were married for so many years, after all, so I didn’t just leave you with nothing. There is a small bag in the left pocket of the suitcase with your ID card and $30,000 in it. You can take that as my way of paying homage to our friendship during all these years.” 
Henry panicked. He shouted into the phone, “Get off the plane, Wendy! Get off the plane now! I want to see you! You can’t just leave me behind!” 
His eyes were red, and he suddenly found himself in a total panic. 
Never had he thought that he would end up betrayed and abandoned at midlife… 
His voice choked as he said into the phone, “Wendy! Wendy, I was wrong. I shouldn’t have made those mistakes when I was young. I’ve really realized how wrong I was. Come back to me! Come back!” 
Wendy’s voice was very soft but determined. She said, “The plane is about to take off, Henry. Goodbye.” 
She hung up on him right away after saying that. 
Henry stared at his phone and frantically called her back, but all he could hear on the phone was “The person you are trying to reach is unavailable. Please try again later.”
Henry then rushed over to the side. Through the windows, he was just in time to see the plane bound for California taking off… 
How he wished he could go through the glass and jump right into that plane! 
Wendy had taken care of him and taken charge of everything at home all these years. Henry had always thought that the woman loved him. 
After all, back when he made the deal with Yvette in his youth, he actually had a girlfriend. However, for the sake of wealth and glory, he had made Wendy wait for him. 
Yvette had said that she didn’t want someone with a girlfriend because she was afraid that it would set them back in life. 
Thus, he had never made any mention of Wendy. 
But Wendy didn’t want him anymore… 
This wasn’t just physical abandonment but also spiritual betrayal! 
Henry flung himself onto the window and cried his heart out like a child who had lost his way home. 
No, he absolutely mustn’t let Wendy off just like that. With his ID and bank card in hand, he ran to the counter to buy a ticket for the next flight to California, so that he could go after her. 
However, the tickets for the earliest flight were sold out. 
While Henry was panicking, someone walked over from the side and asked, “Are you looking for a ticket for the flight that departs in an hour? I have one here.” 
Henry was taken aback.
The man said, “I’ve booked one. Let’s go online later. If you book the ticket immediately after I cancel it, you’ll be able to buy it…” 
Wendy had always been the one who booked the flight tickets whenever they went out of the city, so he wasn’t clear about details like these. This made him believe what the man said, without thinking twice. 
The two went to the bathroom and busied themselves on their phones for a while inside. A hesitant Henry asked, “Does this mean I’ve successfully booked the ticket?” 
However, when he looked up, the man from just now had already disappeared. His ID and bank card had also been stolen. 
Henry, “!!” 
He left the bathroom in a panic, but he could no longer see where the conman had gone or where he was in the crowd! 
Henry was in a total panic. 
Not only was he stranded in New York with his money and bank card stolen, but he had even lost his ID! What was he going to do now?! Surely he couldn’t beg on the streets, right?! 
— 
Outside the airport. 
The man who had just conned Henry got rid of his wretched appearance, stood up straight, and made a call. He said, “All done, Boss.” 
Justin’s voice reached him from the other end of the call. “Okay. You’re in charge of keeping an eye on him after this. I want him… to wish he were dead instead.”
The man shivered all over and silently said a prayer for Henry. He didn’t know how that man had offended Boss to make him give such ruthless orders, but he nevertheless answered obediently, “Yes, sir!” 
At the Hunts’. 
Murderous intent burst forth from Justin’s deep, bottomless eyes after he hung up. 
During the last few days, through his own investigations as well as from sounding Cherry out, he had roughly gotten an understanding of what had really happened back then. Nora hadn’t abandoned Pete— it was Henry Smith who had buried him alive! 
He thought back to that day. If he hadn’t been afraid when he heard what the other party said; or if he had been just a little more conceited—and felt that he had never bedded any woman, so there was no way he would have any children—and ended up not rushing over… Pete would no longer be in the world now! 
Therefore, it was very easy for him to make the decision to kill Henry. 
However, that would be letting him off too easily! 
Since he had tried to kill his son, he would make him spend the rest of his life in pain and agony! 
After putting his cell phone in his pocket, Justin walked out of the room, his footsteps relaxed. Since he had done something good, he had to claim the relevant credit, of course. 
For example, he had found out that two people had paid to make the live-stream trend on social media. One of them was Miranda, whom he had already talked to the Woods about.
The other one was at the New York University School of Medicine—Tina York. She was a woman, so he would let that woman decide what to do with her instead! 
Of course, there was no need to tell her Henry’s fate. 
Justin exited the manor’s gates and got in the car to go to Nora. 
That woman would surely be very sad now, right? 
He should go and comfort her a little. 
However, as soon as he got in the car, his phone rang again. His subordinate’s voice reached him from the other end of the call when he answered. 
“Boss, as it turns out, we aren’t the only ones whom that Smith fellow had offended! I just saw someone secretly beat him up.” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “And then?” 
“Heh, they took him away after that. I’m tailing them now. Try guessing who they are?” 
“Who are they?” 
“The Smiths.” 
The Smiths? 
In all of New York, the ones calling the shots were either the Hunts or the Smiths. 
Even Justin would show the Smiths a bit of courtesy on the surface when he was going about things. That was why he hadn’t bypassed the Smiths to directly pressure the kindergarten during the Tanya incident back then—that would have been discourteous to the Smiths!
The Smiths didn’t have any feud or grievances with Henry, though. Why did they kidnap him? 
Could it be that… 
Justin didn’t say any more. 
On the phone, his subordinate asked, “Boss, should I catch up to them and save him? It would be terrible if the Smiths tortured him to death.” 
Justin stayed silent for a while before he said, “Forget it. We’ll show the Smiths some courtesy.” 
If the situation really was like what he was guessing it was, then he’d better maintain a good relationship with the Smiths! 
— 
At the Andersons. 
Nora went upstairs lazily after she came back from the police station. However, she simply couldn’t get to sleep anymore after lying down on the bed. 
What Morris Ford had said in the police station made her frown. 
Why exactly had her mother run away from home for no rhyme or reason back then? 
She placed her hands behind her head and stared at the ceiling, thinking about how she could hide herself to sleep in peace and quiet… and stay away from all these ridiculous affairs altogether. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She picked it up and glanced at it. She only chose to answer because she saw that the caller was Lily.
Lily’s voice reached her from the other end. “Have you settled all of your domestic affairs, Anti?” 
Nora let out a ‘yeah’. 
Only then did Lily say, “Then I can tell you a piece of news now.. Guess what I discovered when I was doing the DNA tests for you?”
###Chapter 173: I’m A Female Hooligan
Chapter 173: I’m A Female Hooligan 
Nora couldn’t be bothered to make any guesses, so she said coldly and mercilessly, “If you’re not going to say it, then I’m hanging up.” 
“Hey, don’t! Don’t!” 
Lily understood her boss very well, so she didn’t dare to keep her in suspense anymore. She said, “Anti, you should know that the eight pairs of genes that determine a human being’s intelligence are located on the X-chromosome. When I was testing your DNA, I discovered that your eight pairs of genes differ from other people’s! No wonder you’re so smart!” 
Nora, “?” 
She’d never once thought that she was smart. She merely found everything rather simple and was able to master anything right away. This led her to feel that life was quite boring. Fortunately, she was in poor health and needed more sleep than others. Otherwise, how bored would she be if she were awake all the time every day? 
She yawned. “Is there anything else?” 
Lily answered, “You should also know that because the IQ genes are located on the X-chromosome, the reason why you are so smart must be that both your mother and father are also smart!” 
Nora stared at the ceiling, her mind already wandering. 
As everyone would know, females have two X-chromosomes while males have one X-chromosome and one Y-chromosome. The Y-chromosome comes from the father, which means that a son inherits 100% of his intelligence from his mother.
It was no wonder that Pete was so good in his studies and so smart at such a young age. When she was five, she was still fretting about filling her belly, yet the little fellow had already started to learn how to solve Mathematical Olympiad problems that ordinary people would only learn when they were in middle or high school. 
Compared with him, Cherry’s case, however, was kind of a long story. 
Nora suddenly asked, “Surely Cherry’s reluctance to study wasn’t inherited from her father, right?” 
Lily, “?” 
Nora’s cell phone suddenly rang at this point—another call had come in. Clearly displayed on the screen was a certain name: Narcissist. 
After glancing at it, she said to Lily, “I’ll hang up for now.” 
After ending the call with Lily, she picked up the other call. Justin’s low and deep voice reached her from the other end of the call. He said, “I saw the live-stream, Ms. Smith.” 
He saw it? 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
Most wealthy people were particular about their reputation and didn’t like live-streams. In addition, Henry had behaved like a shrew and kicked up a huge fuss in someone else’s live-stream earlier in the day. People had even started to attack Harmonia Pharmacy in the comments. 
If she didn’t clarify the truth in front of everyone, Harmonia Pharmacy would definitely have been affected.
That was why she hadn’t requested that the reporter shut down her live-stream right away. Instead, she had publicly announced the truth in the live-stream in front of the camera, and in front of all the viewers nationwide. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Does it have anything to do with you, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin coughed and replied, “Of course it does. After all, you are one of the candidates in consideration for the position of my fiancée.” 
“ What?” 
Justin slowly spoke again. He said, “Didn’t you say you’re interested in me, Ms. Smith? I also have a rather good impression of you. Therefore, you are among the candidates in consideration for my fiancée.” 
“…” 
Nora fell silent, the corners of her mouth spasming a little. 
In order to defend that onerous lie, it was necessary that she continued to cooperate with his narcissism. 
Seemingly because she had fallen silent, Justin spoke again. He asked, “Do you want to know who the candidates for my fiancée are?” 
“… “ 
No, she didn’t. 
Nora took a sip of water from the glass at the table beside her. She was about to speak when the other party—as though afraid that she might misunderstand—said eagerly, “You’re the only one.” 
Nora, “!!!”
“Cough! Cough! Cough!” 
His words caused her to choke on the water. Why was she suddenly feeling like his words didn’t sound narcissistic anymore but a little like a confession instead? 
She put down the glass and held her forehead with her hand a little as she leaned against the headboard. All of a sudden, she felt like she might have accidentally overdone things. 
Justin then asked dispassionately, “Do you think 26 years old is too old?” 
“What?” 
For the first time, her IQ couldn’t keep up with the conversation! 
Justin replied, “Getting married at the age of 26, I mean… After all, that leaves us with only less than a year to prepare for it. We should make our wedding a grand one.” 
Nora suddenly sat up straight. She was utterly astounded! 
She swallowed. “Huh?” 
“Do you find it too late? But if we hold it at the end of the year, it’ll be too rushed…” 
The few good wedding locations required advanced bookings. 
On top of that, they had to choose an auspicious date, too. 
“Stop!” said Nora. 
Justin was taken aback. “What’s the matter?”
Nora took a sip of water to calm her nerves, feeling as if she was being forced into marriage. She suddenly said, “Actually, I’m a female hooligan.” 
Justin, “?” 
“A great man once said that engaging in romantic relationships without any intention of progressing to marriage is an act of hooliganism.” 
It was the other party’s turn to fall silent this time. 
Nora coughed and went on. “Mr. Hunt, I don’t think I’ve ever confessed my feelings to you, right? Do you know why?” 
“Why?” 
“Because I don’t believe in getting married.” Nora easily made up a lie. To be honest, it wasn’t really a lie, either. Given her trouble-averse character, she liked being alone the most. Free of all constraints and worries, she could sleep for eternity. 
Nora went on. “Even though I admire you very much, Mr. Hunt, I don’t want to waste your time. I will keep my distance and won’t give you any more trouble in the future.” 
Justin, “…” 
Had he failed in his proposal and gotten himself rejected?! 
After falling silent for quite a while, he finally said, “Let’s talk face-to-face instead, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora, “?” 
“I’m outside the Andersons’ now.”
“…” 
Nora had no choice but to get off the bed. She slipped her feet into a pair of slippers and shuffled downstairs. With her cell phone in hand, she glanced at the full-length mirror in the living room before she went out. Although the woman reflected in the mirror was wearing pajamas, and her long hair was loose behind her and looked a little messy, she—in an unusual move—didn’t put on a baseball cap but instead neatened her hair a little before she went out. 
Justin’s black Hummer was parked nearby. He leaned against the car, his big, tall, and slender figure complementing the large Hummer beside him. 
Nora slowly walked over. “Why are you here?” 
Justin observed her with his deep, bottomless gaze, his heart feeling a little heavy. 
She couldn’t even be bothered to change before she came out. This showed that she really wasn’t interested in him, right? 
He cast his eyes down a little disappointedly before he slowly said, “I was worried that you would be unhappy and your mood would be affected by what had happened, so I came over to check on you.” 
Then, he started to ask for credit. He said, “Henry Smith and his family aren’t the only ones behind the incident today. There were also others helping to encourage it. One of them is Miranda Wood; I’ve already talked to Mr. Wood about it for you. The other one is Tina York, a newly-appointed professor at the New York University School of Medicine. What do you want to do with that woman?” 
Tina York? 
Why was it her again…
Nora lowered her gaze and replied, “You can leave it to me.” 
“Okay.” 
Justin watched as she let out another sleepy yawn—it was already past her usual bedtime. He couldn’t bear to see her like this, so he said, “Alright. Why don’t you go back for now?” 
He turned to leave after he spoke. However, he then heard the woman ask, “Can I borrow something from you, Mr.. Hunt?”
###Chapter 174: Is Narcissism Hereditary?
Chapter 174: Is Narcissism Hereditary? 
Justin’s gaze suddenly became scorching hot. 
He had thought of a set of lines between lovers: 
‘Can I borrow something from you?’ 
‘Why?’ 
‘So that I can owe you a lifetime.’ 
Could it be that… that woman was also into things like that? 
After all, Cherry was really good at talking… 
Justin, whose imagination was running wild, curled the corners of his lips up slightly into a smile. He stood up straight and asked with a smile, “What would you like to borrow?” 
“Two strands of hair.” 
Justin, “” 
He gazed at Nora with a bit of confusion but saw her looking at him seriously instead. She said, “Mm, as a memento, I guess.” 
Justin, “!” 
He stared at the woman in front of him. Suddenly, he bent over a little, placed his hands on his knees, and lowered his head. “Okay. Go ahead and pluck them, then.”
The man’s actions, when he suddenly lowered his head and came close to her, gave Nora a shock. 
Then, she looked at the man’s hair. 
His shampoo was vanilla-scented, which smelled very refreshing. There wasn’t any greasy smell, either. The man’s hair texture, like him, was distinct, black, and hard. 
Nora stretched out her hand, located a spot where it wouldn’t hurt as much, and plucked out two strands of hair. 
His hair jabbed her skin a little. When the man’s head was lowered, his slightly curved neck and Adam’s apple were exceptionally obvious. He looked up slightly—the deep and bottomless look in his eyes, as well as his obedient and docile appearance at the moment, made him look like a little puppy… waiting for its owner to adopt it… Cough. Her imagination was running a little wild. 
Nora took a couple of steps back after she was done. She said, “Okay, I’m done.” 
Justin chuckled. “Do you need some more?” 
“Aren’t you afraid of going bald?” Nora retorted. Right after she said that though, she felt that the remark sounded too intimate, so she withdrew her gaze again. 
Justin slowly stood back up. When he saw her carefully putting the strands of hair into a bag, he seemingly finally understood something. 
He let out a low chuckle and said, “In that case… Goodbye, Ms. Smith?” 
“Mm. Bye.” 
Justin only got in the car after he saw Nora turn around and enter the villa. After getting in the car, he felt even more amused.
That woman must be planning to do a DNA test with his hair, right? 
After all, her son was with him, so she must want to confirm it one last time. 
It looked like she indeed cared a little about his identity as the child’s father… This at least showed that she did care about him, right? 
After consoling himself a little, Justin turned and left contentedly. 
Unbeknownst to him… 
Nora went upstairs and called Lily immediately after she entered the villa. When Lily picked up, she said, “I have the children’s father’s DNA sample here. I’ll send his and the children’s DNA samples to you later.” 
“What for? Do you want to check whether they are parent and child?” 
“No.” 
It wasn’t like Justin was an idiot. If he hadn’t already confirmed that Pete was his son, why would he take care of him all the way till now? 
It wasn’t like he had a hobby of raising other people’s kids for them. 
It was just that… 
A disdainful Nora said, “Check his IQ genes and see if it’ll lower Cherry’s IQ. After all, my daughter inherited half of her IQ from him!” 
“…” 
“Also, check whether the narcissism gene is hereditary or not.”
“…” 
“By the way,” Nora, whose gaze was lowered, her expression calm, and her eyes cool and clear, asked, “Did you immediately destroy all my DNA data after the comparison?” 
“Yes, I did!” A resigned Lily said, “Anti, your IQ genes are indeed a bit peculiar, but such mutations exist in ordinary people too. Why must you always keep yourself under wraps so securely? No normal person would check your genes. I suspect that you have a serious case of persecution complex!” 
Nora didn’t pay any attention to her teasing. 
To be honest, she actually also wanted to complain about the whole situation. She wasn’t the one with a persecution complex; rather, it was her mother, Yvette! That audio recording was also constantly reminding her to be careful at all times! 
Therefore, she would just stay low-profile as much as she could. 
Lily then asked, “About the suddenly arranged operation you mentioned, does it need our professional team to go over?” 
Surgery wasn’t as simple as just making a few cuts with a knife. One must make various preparations before the operation, carefully consider all the situations that might occur during the operation, and come up with corresponding strategies for them. 
Generally speaking, assistants who had worked with the chief surgeon for many years would be able to understand the chief surgeon’s intentions better. 
Lily was Nora’s assistant during most of her operations. She was her most capable assistant.
At her question, Nora suddenly thought of something. Her lip corners curled into a smile and she replied, “No, it’s fine. I’ve looked through the medical records that Shaw sent. It’s just a minor operation that he can even do himself. It’s just that his hands aren’t stable enough, that’s all.” 
Operations were a piece of cake for Anti. Seeing her confidence, Lily didn’t refute her and she hung up. 
At night, Nora mailed Justin’s DNA sample out. 
When she went to bed, she saw a new text message on her phone. It was from Justin The Narcissist: ‘I actually don’t believe in getting married, either, Ms. Smith. I was originally very troubled that I couldn’t take responsibility for you despite your feelings for me. However, after talking to you and interacting with you earlier this evening, I discovered that you and I coincide in opinion on this. It seems that we both only like to date but not to get married.’ 
‘After my inspection, you have passed my review. From now on, we can start dating.’ 
Nora, “” 
She couldn’t help but wonder if she was reading the messages right! 
What kind of messages did that scumbag just send her? 
Dating? When did she ever say that she was going to date him? 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. She was about to ask when the man sent another message: ‘Are you free for lunch at noon tomorrow, girlfriend?’ 
Nora: ‘Girlfriend?’ 
Justin The Narcissist: ‘You were the one who said earlier today that you only want to date and didn’t want to get married. I’ve agreed to it. Since we’re dating, then doesn’t that make you my girlfriend?’
Nora: “…” 
She stared at her cell phone and was silent for a very, very long time. For some reason, when she saw the word ‘girlfriend’, she actually felt a teeny-weeny bit of sweetness in her heart? 
She replied: ‘I’m not free tomorrow.’ 
In four days, she would have to operate on the child that Director Shaw had mentioned. Thus, she needed to get enough sleep for the next three days, and also get all the plans ready. 
After sending the message, she lay down, closed her eyes, and fell asleep. 
Pete, who had finished his homework, entered the room quietly and covered her with a quilt. Then, he climbed up the other side of the bed, lay down, and picked up his cell phone. 
The little fellow stared at the ceiling. What he was thinking, however, was that he had dance lessons again the next day. When exactly was the tyrant going to send Cherry to the Quinn School of Martial Arts? When exactly would he be able to switch back with her?! 
He didn’t want to dance anymore! 
Also, didn’t they say that Mia had already recovered from her allergic reaction? Why was she still not in school yet? If she didn’t attend classes again the next day, should he call and ask about her? 
— 
A day later at the Smiths. 
Joel stared at his subordinate, who was wearing a black hoodie, and asked, “Have you gotten Ms.. Smith’s DNA sample?”
###Chapter 175: Life Is Too Dangerous!
Chapter 175: Life Is Too Dangerous! 
The man in the black hoodie was in charge of carrying out the Smiths’ shady dealings. He led a small team that consisted of a few people. 
The Smiths provided for him while he took care of things for them at critical moments. 
His name was Quentin Smith, and he was a member of the Smith family. 
He had never failed in any of the various tasks that he had undertaken so far and was basically very reliable. 
Although Ian’s request was a simple one, Joel had always regarded him as someone who was even more important than his father. Thus, he had tasked Quentin with the mission despite it being just a simple one. 
He’d originally thought that it would be done in just a few hours, but unexpectedly, a whole day had already passed, yet he hadn’t received any news yet. Suspecting that Quentin had forgotten to inform him after he completed the task, he specially summoned him back to ask him about it. 
Quentin’s head was lowered, and his entire face was buried in darkness. His voice was low as he replied, “Sorry, I haven’t gotten it yet.” 
Joel was a little surprised. 
He didn’t quite understand. There were many ways to retrieve a person’s DNA sample. 
For example, there might be saliva on the target’s cutlery during meals, or they could also catch the target off-guard and pluck a few strands of hair from her head. If all else failed, they could also retrieve some skin tissue… 
Quentin was a ruthless man. Surely his heart didn’t soften just because his target was a beauty, right? 
Joel frowned. He was about to ask when Quentin scratched his head. He looked a little pained as he said, “I have never seen a woman who’s such a shut-in like her.” 
Quentin looked at Joel. He sounded aggrieved as he said, “I’ve been watching her for a day and a night. During this time, she ate a meal and slept for 24 hours! She always washes the dishes immediately after she eats. I can hardly even find her fingerprints in the Andersons’, let alone retrieve her DNA sample!” 
An indignant Quentin went on. “Her water glass is placed right on her bedside table, right? Surely there will be saliva on it, right? But no, there isn’t! She cleans the glass even if she only takes a single sip. Is she really a woman?” 
It was only when Quentin looked up that Joel finally noticed the dark circles under his eyes. He obviously hadn’t slept a wink for 24 hours, but in spite of that, he said exceptionally energetically, “Don’t worry, I will continue to watch her even if I don’t eat or drink. I don’t believe she can coop herself up at home for a whole month.” 
“… Did you sneak into the Andersons’?” asked Joel. 
“Yeah, I did.” Quentin nodded. 
Joel frowned. “Did they discover you?” 
He just wanted a DNA test done secretly. He didn’t want to make enemies with the Andersons.
Quentin shook his head. “I’m confident enough in that, at least. My footsteps are light, and I bring my equipment wherever I go. There won’t be any traces left behind.” 
Joel nodded. Then, he turned and started to walk out of the room. 
“Where are you going?” asked Quentin. 
“To send my daughter to school.” 
— 
At the Andersons’. 
Nora stretched after she woke up. Then, she shuffled out of her bedroom leisurely. When she was exiting the room, her eyes flickered a little and she looked at the door. 
As expected, the strand of hair that she had attached to the door before she went to bed had fallen off. 
From the looks of it, she wasn’t imagining things when she sensed someone sneaking into her room while she was asleep the night before. 
Nora took a walk around the entire house, but she didn’t find anything missing in the house. The only things that had been touched were her glass of water and the trash can in the toilet. 
Tsk. 
What a disgusting thief! 
Nora shook her head. At the same time, she also became wary. It seemed that her mother was indeed right!
She was already staying so low-profile, yet people were setting their sights on her. Life was simply too dangerous! 
If she died and turned to ashes, would she be free of disturbances forevermore? 
Nora shook her head and abandoned the thought. Then, she led Pete out of the house and sent him to school. 
On the way, Tanya asked, “Has hell frozen over today, Nora? Even though I’m at home, you actually took the initiative to take us to school! And you even woke up early in the morning!” 
“… Oh, I’m going to the New York University School of Medicine for a preoperative medical consultation later, so I need the car. It just so happens that the school is on the way.” 
Tanya, “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she held Pete as she cried out, “Look at your Mommy, Cherry! She practically has no self-awareness at all! Even though she woke up so early, it isn’t for our sakes at all!” 
Pete was silent for a moment before he replied, “… God-mom, why must you humiliate yourself by asking something like that?” 
Tanya, “” 
She took a long while before she finally realized what Pete meant. After that, she coughed and remarked, “That does seem to be the case, huh!” 
“…” 
Pete heaved a silent sigh. He suddenly asked, “Will Mia be in school today?”
A dejected look appeared on Tanya’s face at the mention of the name. She shook her head and replied, “I don’t know.” 
Pete couldn’t help but ask, “Can you give them a call and ask about it?” 
Tanya’s jaw tensed up and she replied, “Let’s talk about it the next time instead.” 
After sending the pair to the kindergarten, Nora then drove to the New York University School of Medicine. The child’s brain operation was a classic case of conditions like his, so a lot of people had come to attend the meeting, including all the teachers and directors from the neurosurgery department. 
She parked the car outside the conference room. She was about to go upstairs when she happened to see Tina. 
With a small notebook in her hand, Tina’s back was straightened, and she was about to head upstairs. 
She was extremely happy today. 
Although she hadn’t managed to make Nora get her just desserts during the live-stream, there was, after all, an old but true saying—those who encountered frustrations in love, flourished in their careers! 
She had finally ushered in a new lease of life in her career— 
Her request to prepare for the operation together with Anti and Director Shaw had been approved! 
Although Anti had also performed an operation when Tina was helping to take care of the elderly Mrs. Hunt the other time, she had brought her own team, so Tina hadn’t been authorized to enter the operating room at all. 
She had wanted to observe the operation and learn from it that time, but Justin hadn’t agreed to it.
But now, her chance was finally here again! 
In addition, she had also obtained the right to personally participate in the operation herself! 
In other words, she could assist Anti in the operation now! Even if all she did was just a simple suture, having it known to everyone would still elevate her position in the medical field. 
However, while she was walking, she suddenly caught a glimpse of a certain loathsome person. 
Tina stopped in her tracks. Sure enough, she saw a sloppy figure walking over leisurely from the car park —it was none other than Nora. 
She broke into a frown and walked to the conference room. However, after she took a few steps, she realized that Nora had actually also come over. The two of them were even right at the entrance of the conference room. 
Seeing that she was about to enter, Tina immediately asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Nora glanced at her but didn’t say anything. Tina, however, suddenly stretched out her arm and stopped her. She said, “Sorry, but we have an important meeting with Director Shaw today. If you’re here for Director Shaw, I’d advise you to go to his office and wait over there. This isn’t a place that unrelated personnel can enter so casually!” 
Nora, “?” 
The half-amused woman looked at Tina, finding her awfully laughable. “Unrelated personnel?” She asked. 
Tina nodded and looked at her. She said, “Ms. Smith, I’d advise you not to be so greedy and insatiable. You were already very lucky to be able to enter Anti’s operating room because of Mr. Hunt the last time..
Are you going to follow us into the operating room to observe again this time? You can’t just have a single person hogging all the good things, right?”
###Chapter 176: Anti Is The First!
Chapter 176: Anti Is The First! 
“The last time?” 
Nora raised her brows again. She had already long forgotten that she had operated on Mrs. Hunt before. 
Tina frowned at her reaction at once. She said, “You can’t really be that greedy, right? It’s said that different people gain different insights and experiences when watching Anti perform surgery. You should give more of such opportunities to other people instead, Ms. Smith.” 
While speaking, she spied Director Shaw’s assistant walking over out of the corner of her eye. She changed her attitude at once, switching from a lofty attitude to her usual gentle one. She let out a sigh and said, “I’m not doing this to fight for opportunities for myself, of course; I’m already authorized to enter the operating room. I just feel that Ms. Smith shouldn’t trouble Director Shaw because of things like this. We were allowed to enter the operating room only after going through a careful selection process. If you make use of such means to get in, then it’ll mean that someone else deserving the chance won’t be able to get in…” 
Sure enough, her remark resonated with the person walking over. 
There was no way everyone could enter the operating room. An additional person going in would mean one fewer person from the school going in. Moreover, observing and learning up close would also feel different from just watching videos. 
The assistant was a doctoral student. Once he graduated, he would remain on campus and become a professor, as well as a specially-invited chief doctor in the hospital. He was also the protégé whom Director Shaw was the proudest of. His name was Michael Lange.
He curled his lip disdainfully inwardly and said somewhat unhappily, “Director Shaw asked me to bring you in.” 
Tina frowned at the sight. 
Just whose connections did Nora use to actually make Director Shaw treat her so politely…? On top of that, he had even sent his most capable assistant to pick her up. 
The Andersons weren’t capable of this. In that case, could it be the Hunts? 
Tina lowered her head and followed behind them. 
When Nora entered the conference room, Director Shaw was in the midst of a consultation with a few experts. Doctors of Tina’s level could only take the furthermost seats and listen to their discussion. 
However, as soon as Nora entered, Director Shaw stood up and said, “You’re here, Ms. Smith.” 
As he spoke, he made a move to give up his seat to her. 
Nora waved and said, “It’s fine.” 
She randomly pulled a chair over, sat behind the few of them, and said, “Go on, don’t mind me.” 
Director Shaw understood what she was like—the big boss didn’t like trouble, so she might leave early— so he didn’t dare to say much about it. He continued the discussion with the others instead. 
Tina, who was seated at the back, glanced at the postgraduate students standing behind the row of chairs, and curled her lip in disdain. 
Real chief physicians were all seated at the front and participating in the discussion.
Only postgraduate students who came along to study would sit behind their teachers. Sometimes, when there weren’t enough chairs to go around, they would have to stand instead. 
Among those who came to listen, Michael was the only one qualified to sit at the front. 
She’d thought that Nora must be very capable, but as it turned out, she was also just here to listen! 
The corners of her lips curled into a smile. 
Two hours later. 
“… This is a bleeding point. We have to take special care to avoid this spot during the operation.” 
After discussing various possibilities, Director Shaw and the others finalized the surgical plan. 
Director Shaw was a relatively democratic and magnanimous person. Whenever he had an operation slated, he would have his doctoral and postgraduate students discuss the operation together. As such, he asked, “Do you have any other opinions? Or is there anything that you feel we should pay attention to?” 
With the few mentor-level doctors jointly discussing the operation, all the details had already been gone through, so everyone shook their heads. 
Director Shaw then looked at Nora and asked, “Is there anything special to take note of?” 
Nora raised her droopy, slightly world-weary almond-shaped eyes and leisurely uttered, “No.” 
This was just a minor operation. Director Shaw had already taken every single possibility into consideration.
Nora had listened to their discussion very seriously. As a result, now that she had relaxed, she couldn’t help but yawn after she spoke. 
It made her look lazy and sloppy as if she had been close to nodding off the entire time. 
Tina glanced at Michael and sighed. She said, “Some people don’t even have the opportunity to come in and listen even if they want to, yet there are people who don’t know to cherish the opportunity they have. What a waste of places…” 
A constantly serious Michael looked around. 
All the students who were here for the discussion were very attentive. Everyone was holding pens and notebooks, and writing notes. Some had even brought recorder pens, for fear that they would miss important things to take note of. 
Even Director Shaw and the other chief doctors had notebooks with them and were making notes about the key points of the operation. 
Nora was the only one sitting there casually. 
Michael thought of his roommate, who hadn’t been selected to participate in Anti’s surgery because they were short of a place. Before he came here, his envious roommate had said to him, “You’re so blessed. I’m willing to do anything just to observe Anti’s operation even once!” 
Anti was their—all the neurosurgeons’—idol. An opportunity like this was simply too rare, yet that woman wasn’t cherishing it! 
In the midst of his thoughts, Director Shaw said, “Michael, go to my office and get the list of personnel participating in the operation the day after tomorrow.” 
Michael nodded.
Director Shaw’s office was just next door. The personnel list needed his signature for final approval. 
After taking the list, he took a casual look at the names on it while on the way back. 
First on the list was Anti. 
In the past, her name was something that only existed in legends. However, he now had the opportunity to meet her up close. The sight of her name alone made Michael rather excited. 
The second was Director Shaw… 
Following it was a list of assistants. He went through the names from the start to the end, but he suddenly realized that Nora’s name wasn’t on it? 
His footsteps suddenly became rather light and springy. 
He just knew that Director Shaw wasn’t a man who acted according to one’s connections! 
After he returned to the conference room, Director Shaw announced the list and signed it. He dismissed everyone after that. Then, to Nora, he said, “Please wait for me for a while, Ms. Smith. I have a very important phone consultation that will take about ten minutes, but I have something to talk to you about after that.” 
Nora yawned again and nodded. 
Director Shaw said, “Michael, take Ms. Smith to my office first!” 
Michael nodded and led Nora out of the conference room. 
Tina was very happy when she heard the list of personnel participating in the operation.
She didn’t expect that Nora’s name wouldn’t be in there! It seemed like the connections she had used weren’t powerful enough after all! 
She wondered if she was spluttering in anger at the moment? Or perhaps, she was mad and embarrassed instead? 
Tina wanted very much to admire her current countenance and facial expression. 
Thus, she deliberately dawdled a little in the bathroom. When she saw Michael walking out of the conference room with Nora, she walked over and pretended to bump into them. Then, she said pretentiously, “You won’t be able to observe Anti’s operation this time, Dr. Smith. Don’t be too disappointed, though. After all, there will always be another chance next time, right?” 
Nora, “” 
She looked at Tina lazily. “Are you very bored and idle today?” 
Tina cast her eyes down and said, “How can you say that? I was just trying to comfort you out of kindness. I know you must be in a very bad mood because you can’t take part in Anti’s operation, but this can’t be helpe—” 
However, as soon as she said that, Nora interrupted her and said, “Who says I’m not taking part in it?”
###Chapter 177: Do You Know Who She Is?
Chapter 177: Do You Know Who She Is? 
Both Tina and Michael were stunned the moment she said that. 
Tina looked at her incredulously. “Are you still planning to take part in it when you aren’t even on the list? How are you going to do that?” 
She glanced at the direction Nora was heading—it was Director Shaw’s office—and she said, “Are you planning to pester Director Shaw again? Do you…” 
When she noticed that Michael was still next to Nora, she swallowed back down the words ‘have any shame or not’. Tina balled up her fists tightly and changed what she wanted to say. She said, “… You’re putting Director Shaw in a really tight spot if you do that. Everyone already knows the list of participants, Ms. Smith. Except for Anti, no one has the right to modify it. Director Shaw is a man of principles and is well-respected in school. If he bends the rules because of you, I’m really afraid that his reputation would end up in shambles in his twilight years…” 
She glanced at Michael after she spoke—sure enough, the man was frowning. Then, she heaved a sigh and said, “I know it’s useless no matter how much more I say, but I just want everyone to be okay. It’s better to not be so insistent on some things, Ms. Smith. I’ll go first.” 
She turned and left after that. 
But before she even reached the corner, she heard Michael’s cold and stiff voice. He said, “There is no lack of doctors who want to take part in Anti’s operation, Ms. Smith. What one should rely on is their capabilities, not their connections!” 
Tina lowered her gaze and left with peace of mind.
Michael was the student that Director Shaw was the proudest of. Additionally, they were also related in another way—Director Shaw had already decided on Michael as his son-in-law. Thus, he had a huge say, be it in the school or with Director Shaw. 
Her words might not work, but Michael’s surely would! 
So, Nora wanted to take part in Anti’s operation this time? Heh, no way! 
It would be her turn to envy her this time, no matter what! 
Tina left with confidence. 
— 
Michael’s gaze was fixed on Nora. 
He’d always had only admiration for every decision that his mentor made because Director Shaw was a true doctor. 
‘Doctors should be benevolent’—Director Shaw was a true reflection of these words. 
Many people had given up on the child because his condition was too difficult, and there were too many uncertainties involved—after all, he was still in the growth and development phase. 
Yet, Director Shaw had taken it on and was even willing to stake his life’s reputation on it. 
After all, should the operation fail, his record of never failing a single operation in his life would be broken. 
Michael entered Director Shaw’s office immediately after he spoke.
Nora followed him at the back. She sat on the sofa and looked around leisurely after she entered the office. Michael poured her a glass of water. Then, he sat in front of her and said, “I know you have powerful connections, Ms. Smith. That’s why Mr. Shaw treats you with great respect. However, I’d still advise you to give up on joining the operation!” 
Michael said in persuasion, “There are a lot of people watching the operation this time. On top of that, there would also be reporters, so the operation is of great importance. The list of participants has gone through several layers of screening. If anyone is found to have tampered with it, Mr. Shaw would have to take responsibility for it!” 
He then glanced at Nora’s clean hands and refreshed appearance. It didn’t seem like there was even a hint of rigor to her at all. 
He frowned and went on. “Also, everyone who enters the operating room has to thoroughly memorize the finalized surgical plan, but you were sleeping during the meeting just now. You didn’t make any record of the discussion at all, did you? What can a flippant person like you learn even if you’re in the operating room?” 
A surprised Nora retorted, “Who says I didn’t commit anything to memory?” 
Michael became even angrier when he heard her rebuttal. He said, “You look like you’re probably one or two years younger than me, right, Ms. Smith? Then you should know better than anyone else that a good memory is never as good as a worn-out pen. You should at least bring a notebook with you and note down all the important information when you study, right? You’ll only be able to make sure that you don’t forget anything important if you do that. But what did you do instead? You were nodding off throughout the entire meeting!” 
Nora, “?”
She stared at Michael’s notebook, which was densely packed with his writings. Then, she held her forehead with her hand and said, “How would I possibly not be able to memorize this bit of information?” 
Not only did she have a photographic memory, but the act of performing an operation was even already close to becoming muscle memory for her. How could anything possibly go wrong? 
Michael was a little overwhelmed by her rhetorical question. Nevertheless, his expression still darkened and he said, “One shouldn’t be so conceited, Ms. Smith!” 
How could anyone possibly remember this many surgical key points? 
This was impossible unless they were like Director Shaw, who had undertaken innumerable operations and gone through various experiences! 
Nora, however, was puzzled. “Was I being conceited?” 
Her words made Michael choke. The young woman in front of him was practically incorrigible. At once, he said angrily, “Having you be part of Anti’s operation is an insult in itself to Anti! Anti is an almighty surgeon who has never failed in any of their operations. They are practically a legend of the medical profession. Can you please hold a little awe or reverence with regard to observing their operation?!” 
Nora could tell from the way he spoke about Anti that he must be a diehard fan of Anti. 
But… a legend of the medical profession? An almighty surgeon? 
Now, that was a little too exaggerated. 
Even though she had always been thick-skinned, the corners of her lips nonetheless couldn’t help but spasm at this moment. “They aren’t that godly, are they?” 
Her self-effacing reply, however, made Michael misunderstand. He said furiously, “What do you mean by that, Ms. Smith? How dare you not take even Anti seriously? Are you saying that you don’t think Anti is
that amazing? Are you looking down on Anti, or are you looking down on medical practice as a profession itself?” 
Nora, “…” 
Did he need to elevate it to such a level of ideology? 
Besides, how did she even become equivalent to medical practice as a profession itself?! 
Nora face-palmed. The people in the medical profession were regarding her as too great a person, which vaguely stressed her out a little. Even though she found the situation funny, she nevertheless explained seriously, “Anti is also human. They aren’t a god.” 
She just needed more sleep than ordinary people, that was all! 
Anti was someone completely beyond Michael’s reach! She was also his idol in his career. There was no way he could ever tolerate anyone blaspheming or looking down on her! 
The sight of Nora looking down so much on the genius doctor infuriated him. He got up at once and said angrily, “You—!” 
Before he could finish, the office door was pushed open, and Director Shaw hurried in. 
He had forcibly reduced the ten-minute-long consultation to just five minutes, for fear that he would accidentally slight the big boss. Yet, as soon as he entered, he instead saw Michael glaring at her? 
A frightened Director Shaw immediately asked, “What are you doing, Michael?”
A huffy Michael looked at Director Shaw and said, “I really don’t understand just who exactly is backing her up, Director Shaw. She’s just a little girl. Why are you so polite to her?” 
Director Shaw, “?” 
He stopped Michael’s accusations at once, stepped forward, and rebuked, “What kind of nonsense are you spouting? She doesn’t have anyone backing her up!” 
His words made Michael even more perplexed. He asked, “In that case, are you going to let her participate in Anti’s operation?” 
“Of course!” 
Michael was furious. He demanded, “Why are you letting her participate in Anti’s operation when she despises Anti so much?” 
Director Shaw couldn’t help but hold his forehead.. Then, he looked at Michael and asked, “Do you know who she is?”
###Chapter 178: Her Biological Father?
Chapter 178: Her Biological Father? 
Michael frowned. 
Who could she possibly even be? Wasn’t she just the daughter of a wealthy family with a bit of influence? 
But if that was really the case, his mentor wouldn’t be speaking so solemnly… Michael looked at Nora, and then back at Director Shaw, who asked him, “Who is the person you admire the most?” 
Of course, it was… 
In an instant, something seemed to click in Michael’s head. His head whipped around abruptly, and he looked at Nora in disbelief. His eyes suddenly widened big and round, and he swallowed hard. “Are you Anti…” 
Director Shaw felt that his student was finally being smart for once. 
Michael was too academic-focused and had a rather rigid character. He devoted all of his passion and energy to medicine. Director Shaw could protect him while he was still around, but he couldn’t help but worry whether or not Michael could make a name for himself in the field of medicine after he retired. 
From the looks of it, he didn’t seem that stupid, after all. 
… Or so he thought, because the next moment, he heard Michael say, “—’s first assistant, Lily?” 
Director Shaw, “?” 
He took back his statement from just now!
On the sofa, Nora, who was about to wait for Michael to worship her, “?” 
An astounded Michael exclaimed, “Are you really Lily? My goodness, I’ve only heard that Anti’s first assistant was a young lady, but I didn’t expect her to be this young! If you’re Lily, then you’re really very impressive, Ms. Smith!” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Director Shaw face-palmed. 
Michael gave his glasses a push, looked at her seriously, and said, “I’m very pleased to make your acquaintance, Ms. Lily. You are so blessed to be able to work with Anti! Do you know that every medical student envies you the most?!” 
“…” 
Seeing that Michael looked as if he wanted to go on, Director Shaw interrupted him with a wave. He decided to do him a favor and let that protégé of his see and experience how disgusting and detestable society was, as well as teach him not to judge a book by its cover. 
He said, “She’s not Lily. Alright, you can go out for now!” 
Michael, “?” 
She wasn’t Lily? 
He’d thought that Anti was too busy to come over, so she’d sent Lily to take part in the consultation instead. But if she wasn’t Lily, then why did his mentor say that? 
A confused Michael frowned. However, he obediently left the room after glancing at Nora again.
After he left, Director Shaw closed the door and looked at Nora helplessly. He said, “This student of mine has very strong comprehension ability in neurosurgery. You can say that he’s a genius. He’ll definitely become an even better surgeon than me in the future. It’s just that he’s a little thick-headed. I hope you won’t hold it against him.” 
Nora waved carelessly, not bothered in the least. 
Director Shaw was relieved. 
Anti’s status in the medical field was too high. A single word from her could easily negatively affect Michael’s future. 
He took out the list of personnel, handed it to Nora, and said, “This is the list of all the medical staff participating in the operation. Do you think it needs to be reduced?” 
Although he had already signed off on it, he still needed her to personally confirm the finalized list. 
Nora took a couple of looks at it. Her gaze swept across Tina’s name before she went past it. 
Not only did Tina have the audacity to increase the live-stream’s popularity, but it must also have been because of Angela that Henry suddenly came to New York out of nowhere to kick up a fuss. It could only have been Tina who had instigated Angela to do so. 
That woman was too irritating. Nora wanted her to disappear from her life. In that case, she would have to give her a legitimate reason and opportunity to do that, of course. 
She smiled and kept her name there. In the end, she only added a name: Lisa Black. 
Her little cousin… Oh, come to think of it, since she wasn’t related to Henry, then that meant that she and Irene Smith weren’t aunt and niece anymore, either.
However, Aunt Irene had always treated her pretty well, so she didn’t mind maintaining their familial ties even if they weren’t blood-related. 
Director Shaw smiled when he saw what she did. “You’re surprisingly rather protective of your student.” 
Nora yawned and got onto her feet. “She’s my student; of course I have to protect her.” 
Performing operations was very exhausting. If she groomed and trained Lisa, it would be great if she could operate on her behalf in the future! 
If it wasn’t for her health, she would have liked to save a few more people. 
Director Shaw then hastily said, “You didn’t ask your assistant to come back this time, so I’ve arranged one for you.” 
He smiled and suggested, “What do you think of Michael from just now?” 
Nora glanced at him. 
Director Shaw smiled openly and said, “I’m not trying to help my student. Rather, in terms of overall ability, he is the most suitable candidate. Moreover, his admiration for Anti is endless and boundless, so he definitely won’t be a hindrance to you.” 
Nora thought of the notes that Michael had written just now. The writings were densely packed and written very seriously. Moreover, it was obvious at a glance that the man himself was the stiff and rigid type, which made him very suitable to be a doctor. 
She nodded and said, “I’ll let you make the decision.” 
She turned and stepped out of the office after that.
Unexpectedly, Michael was standing right outside the door. When he saw her exit, he looked at her hesitantly and asked, “Who exactly are you, Ms. Smith?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips quirked upward into a smile, and she said, “Make a guess?” 
After that, she left straight away without giving Michael another chance to speak. 
She went downstairs and headed to the car park. While on the way there, students around her were leaving a class one after another and a lot of people were walking toward where she was. 
Her cell phone rang at this point. When Nora picked up, Cherry’s voice came from the other end. She asked, “Mommy, can you look up someone for me?” 
Nora raised her brows. “Who is it?” 
Cherry sounded very down. She replied, “It’s my Sponsor Grandpa. He hasn’t been on Messenger for 36 hours and 7 minutes. Can you find out who he is for me? If it’s possible, can you tell him to log on to Messenger? Our spark of friendship is about to extinguish!” 
Nora, “…” 
She was aware of some of the ongoings in Cherry’s live-streams. Sponsor Grandpa and Sponsor Daddy were both her big fans. 
However, Nora couldn’t be bothered to do it. She said, “I’m sleepy, and I have to sleep.” 
“I’ve already asked Pete, Mommy. You’re not in bed right now! If you don’t help me, I’ll have to ask Grand-aunt for help!” 
Nora, “!”
All she knew was to use that trick. 
Her aunt was very busy abroad. In spite of that, she had helped her look after her child all these years, so she’d better not bother her with such trivial matters. 
A resigned Nora said, “Just this once!” 
“I know, I know! It won’t happen again, yeah~” 
Cherry hung up after giving her an excited reply. 
With her cell phone in hand, Nora was about to check Sponsor Grandpa’s identity using the Messenger account that Cherry had sent her when a male student suddenly passed her by. He seemingly unintentionally bumped into her shoulder before he apologized sincerely, “Sorry…” 
Just as he was about to slip away, a slender hand grabbed his arm. The young man wanted to break free from her hold but found that he couldn’t. 
The girl might look petite, but she was surprisingly strong. 
Nora lowered her gaze and stared at the two strands of hairs that he had plucked off her head by taking advantage of the chaos just now. A sharp glint flashed across her cat-like eyes as she demanded, “Whose orders are you under to take DNA samples from me?!” 
Could it be… her biological father?
###Chapter 179: We Can Do A DNA Comparison Now!
Chapter 179: We Can Do A DNA Comparison Now! 
There was actually another reason why Nora had deliberately revealed in Roxanne’s live-stream that she wasn’t Henry’s daughter, and that was—the man who had shared an intimate relationship with her mother back then would surely become suspicious, right? 
With the existence of a daughter like her, he would surely give himself away at some point. Therefore, she had been extra vigilant the last few days. 
The pain in her shoulder during the collision just now was clearly used to disguise the pain from plucking out her hair. Unfortunately for them, her senses were very keen. 
As everyone would know, the hair itself was useless in DNA tests. Rather, the part that was used in DNA tests was the hair follicle attached to the strand of hair. 
The young man currently had two strands of her hair carefully pinched between his fingers as if he was afraid of contaminating the hair follicles. Obviously, he was intending to use them in a DNA test. 
At her question, he seemed to panic and started to struggle. 
Nora looked at his face—he was a plain-looking man whom one might not even notice in a crowd. 
Even his age was very strange. 
At first glance, he seemed like a 20-year-old college student, but if one were to observe him carefully, he might also pass as a 30-year-old… 
In the midst of Nora’s thoughts, the man suddenly reached out his other arm and thrust it at her heart with speed and precision! 
Nora’s eyes widened a little. The man showed no mercy whatsoever in his attack. Had she reacted even just a little slower, she would almost have been stabbed. 
Additionally, because she had to let go of him when she was dodging the attack, the man took the opportunity to run. Nora paused for a brief moment before she went after him once more. 
Her speed was very fast, but he was even faster. With the dagger in his hand, he yelled, “Get out of the way!” 
Some students started to scream while some took out their cell phones and called the police. 
Soon, a security officer in the school rushed over. Unfortunately, the man seemed very experienced. He weaved through the swarm of college students that had just left their classrooms when classes ended, and ultimately disappeared. 
“Don’t move, everyone!” The security officer calmed the terrified students and said, “I’ve already called the police. The police on patrol nearby will be here soon!” 
Nora stood where she was with her gaze lowered. 
She’d originally thought that the man was sent by her biological father for the purpose of having a DNA test done, but why did it seem like he was full of hostility toward her? 
It was just like it didn’t matter even if she was killed. 
In that case, it definitely wasn’t her biological father. 
But if it wasn’t her biological father, then who was it?
Nora suddenly thought of how Yvette had instructed her to keep a low profile because if she didn’t, it would bring her trouble. 
Her eyes flickered. 
Soon, the police on patrol nearby arrived. As everyone had seen that the assailant with the dagger was originally intending to kill Nora, the police approached her straightaway. 
Nora, however, was surprised when she saw the officer that approached her. 
“Captain Ford?” 
Morris Ford nodded. Dressed in plain clothes, his big and tall figure made one feel very secure. He had an upright air around him, and his demeanor was solemn and awe-inspiring, making everyone around him subconsciously regard him with profound respect. 
His voice was very deep and he was expressionless as he asked, “Do you know who the assailant is, Ms. Smith? Why does he want to kill you? Is there any feud between the two of you?” 
Nora cast her eyes down and remarked, “Tasks like patrolling don’t seem to suit you very well, Captain Ford.” 
The police had arrived as soon as the incident happened. It was so fast that it made one wonder if he had been nearby the entire time. Moreover, Morris had a special identity. There was no way he would be carrying out tasks like that. 
In that case, there were only two possibilities—either Morris was tracking the assailant from just now, or he was tailing her! 
Additionally, the second possibility was likelier because he had simply appeared too quickly.
Nora narrowed her eyes a little. If Morris really was tailing her, then that would make him very impressive, indeed—after all, she hadn’t noticed anything despite her keen senses! 
Morris, however, didn’t exhibit any awkwardness or embarrassment at being discovered. Instead, he said coldly, “As far as I understand, you have been shut away in a room ever since you were a child, Ms. Smith. It doesn’t seem like you should be a doctor, either.” 
“…” 
His words made Nora choke for a moment there. However, she broke into a smile the next moment and retorted, “Is it against the law for me to be a doctor, Captain Ford?” 
“Well, no.” Morris didn’t make any effort to conceal the fact that he had looked into her background. “After all, you have saved many lives over the years.” 
Nora shifted the topic to the man from just now. She said, “I don’t know who he is, but perhaps Captain Ford does?” 
“I do have a clue or two.” Morris said, “You’ll be in some danger the next few days. I’d advise you to avoid crowded places.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Isn’t it a rather bad idea to let small risks stop us from doing what we have to, Captain Ford? Besides, I have an important operation scheduled tomorrow.” 
Morris kept quiet for a while before he nodded slightly at her and said, “I will try my best to ensure your safety, Ms. Smith.” 
“Feel free to do what you have to.”
The man’s identity wasn’t an ordinary one; even if she were to reject their protection, it probably wouldn’t work anyway, right? 
Nora got up and walked over to her car. Before she got in the car, she looked at him and asked, “Do you want to check the car, Captain Ford? Just in case it’s been tampered with.” 
Morris kept quiet for a moment. Then, he actually really stepped forward and inspected the car from the front, back, left, and right. After that, he said, “It doesn’t seem like that man was really after your life, Ms. Smith. What exactly did he do to you just now?” 
Nora lowered her gaze when she thought of the man plucking out her hair. However, she intuitively chose to hide the truth. She held her hands up in a shrug and replied, “I don’t know, either.” 
She didn’t know whether Morris believed her or not, but he turned and stepped aside. 
Nora left the New York University School of Medicine in her car after that. 
When she returned to the Andersons’, she glanced at the back while she parked the car. It seemed like there were quite a few groups of people following her while she was on the way back. 
— 
Quentin Smith felt like he had just encountered the equivalent of the Battle of Waterloo in his career! 
He, the great Quentin, a Smith and even the nephew of Ian Smith himself, had always been very reliable when it came to handling shady affairs and dealings. However, he had actually met his downfall at the hands of a little girl this time! 
Why was it so difficult to get her DNA sample?
He hadn’t rested for a whole 48 hours since he received his mission, causing him to even have dark circles under his eyes now. After much difficulty, he had finally waited until she left her home. 
He followed Nora all the way to the New York University School of Medicine and even changed into a student-like outfit, planning to bump into her later and collect some samples along the way. 
But unexpectedly, some guy had actually swooped in out of nowhere! 
Quentin stared at the fleeing man in anger. There were serious consequences to be had when he got mad! 
He stopped following Nora, put on the hood of his black hoodie, and went after the man. 
As Nora was afraid that she would accidentally bump into the students, she hadn’t gone after the man. However, Quentin happened to be right in the direction in which the man had escaped, so he easily followed after him. 
The man was obviously a professional, turning at several corners along the way. 
Quentin sneered. When it came to things like tailing someone, he was definitely the number one in New York! 
How dare he play such tricks in front of him! He was totally underestimating his abilities! 
Quentin, who didn’t take his gaze off the man even once, followed him out of the school. At last, when they came to a quiet corner, the man breathed a sigh of relief, and carefully placed the two strands of hairs he had just tugged off Nora’s scalp into a plastic bag. 
The next moment, Quentin darted over like a hurricane and snatched the hair samples.
At last, he had completed his mission! 
They could do the DNA comparison now!
###Chapter 180: A Slap In The Face!
Chapter 180: A Slap In The Face! 
An excited Quentin placed the bag of hair into his pocket. By the time he looked up again, the man had already escaped! 
Quentin smacked himself on the head in annoyance. 
Since Joel, the head of the Smiths, had asked him to get Ms. Smith and Uncle Ian’s DNA compared, that must mean that he suspected that they were father and daughter. 
Should they really be father and daughter, then that would make Nora his cousin. 
That man actually had the audacity to attempt to kill his cousin just now. He should have caught him and handed him to Uncle Ian! However, one must admit that the man was indeed agile. Although he didn’t have much physical strength, he excelled in nimbleness. 
Quentin cast his eyes down. When did someone like that appear in New York? It seemed that it was time they ought to check it out! 
He took out his cell phone and called Joel. 
“I got the samples.” 
Then, he gave him a brief report of the process. 
Upon being informed that someone was targeting Nora, Joel’s voice became a little grave. He said, “Protect her for the time being. Don’t let anything happen to her, just in case she’s really our cousin.” 
“Okay.”
Joel then asked, “The samples didn’t get switched, right?” 
“No way.” 
Quentin was very sure. He was also exceptionally confident in himself. He said, “I watched him the entire time after he got the samples. He didn’t have any time to switch them in between.” 
“Good.” 
— 
The careless Nora didn’t feel any lingering fear at all even after she returned to the Andersons’. Neither did she feel any pressing sense of crisis. Instead, she took out her laptop and started to look up Sponsor Grandpa’s identity for her daughter. 
But in the end! 
Someone had encrypted his Messenger app. While she could indeed decrypt it and locate him, forcibly breaking through the firewall would expose her identity as the hacker, Q. However, if she were to bypass it without breaking the firewall, it would take her some time. 
Nora hesitated for a moment before she silently quit the program. She sent a message to Cherry: ‘I only found out that he is a New Yorker. I didn’t find anything else.’ 
Cherry replied very quickly: ‘You must not have tried your best, Mommy! With your invincible skill, there is absolutely no way you would have any problem investigating what you want!’ 
Despite the few days of separation, the little fellow was still as much a flatterer as ever! 
Nora sighed. “I’m going to bed for now. I’ll look him up for you again after the operation tomorrow.” 
“Okie-Dokie! I knew Mommy’s the best! Cherry loves you~”
Nora couldn’t be bothered with her crazy bouts of flattery. She stopped the voice messages and went to bed. 
The child’s operation was scheduled the next day, so she had to have a good sleep today. 
— 
The operation was held in the New York Hospital. 
Director Shaw was the head of the Department of Neurosurgery in the hospital. It was also a big hospital on par with Hospital Finest in reputation. 
Nora drove to the hospital and reached the car park on time. Then, she entered the exclusive elevator and went upstairs. 
Doctors used different routes from patients’ family members. Michael and the others were already waiting for Anti in the sterile zone. 
Lisa, who was wearing a sterile surgical gown, stood at the back of the crowd with her eyes bright and shiny. 
She was finally going to meet Anti. Even though Anti had taken her as her postgraduate student, this was the first time Lisa was going to meet Anti. 
The thought of it alone made her rather nervous. 
While she was thinking about this, the people next to her were also talking to one another with their voices lowered. One of them said, “Oh my god! I’m actually going to be part of the same operation as Anti!” 
“I also feel so lucky! But the happiest has gotta be Lisa. I heard that she originally wasn’t on the list. Moreover, this operation is so important that even doctoral students and professors want to come in and
observe. Lisa is the only graduate student among them!” 
“What’s the big deal about that? In my opinion, Lisa will definitely be able to take part in all of Anti’s operations in the future!” 
Lisa, who was a little embarrassed by the praise, lowered her head shyly. 
Tina, however, frowned and reprimanded them. “Stop gossiping and get ready to enter the scrub room for disinfection.” 
Tina could be considered the leading teacher, as well as the second surgeon, in the operation. Apart from the important parts that she would do herself, Anti would be assigning some of the other tasks to her. 
Therefore, one could completely consider them as operating side by side. 
Upon being lectured, the others stuck out their tongues at one another, entered the scrub area for disinfection, and also put on their masks, scrub hats, and so on. 
Lisa followed behind them. She was about to go in when Tina suddenly sneered and said mockingly, “You’re just Anti’s student, that’s all. What’s there to be so proud of? Everyone knows that Anti has always been based abroad and won’t be returning to the States to develop their career. You staying within the country sure puts you in a rather awkward and embarrassing situation!” 
Lisa frowned when she heard what she said. 
She wanted to say something, but when she thought of how the other party was a professor, she could only shut her mouth.
After they disinfected themselves, Tina looked straight at her and ordered, “You’re in charge of looking after the surgical tools and the surgical sponge supply!” 
Lisa was taken aback. 
Surgical tools and surgical sponges in the operating room were supposed to be handled by the accompanying nurses, but Tina was actually assigning the task to her? 
She was clearly oppressing her. 
Lisa bit her lip, but could only give a resigned nod in the end. 
The few of them then went out and waited for the chief surgeon’s arrival. 
It was at this moment that Tina suddenly caught a glimpse of a familiar figure through the windows outside the door. 
She was stunned. 
Nora Smith? 
Why was she here?! 
Could it be that she still hadn’t given up and was intending to enter the operating room? 
“Professor York, what are you looking at?” asked a doctor. 
Tina withdrew her gaze at once. Her eyes swept across her side and she spotted Michael, who was nervously familiarizing himself with the things he needed to pay attention to during the operation. He looked very serious. 
She pretended to walk over inadvertently and asked, “Dr. Lange, did you see Ms. Smith?”
Michael was taken aback. “What?” 
Tina immediately said, “She just walked past. It seems like she has entered the changing room.” 
The changing room? 
Michael was stunned. 
Tina went on. “Anti should be in the changing room now, right? Will Ms. Smith cause any trouble to Anti if she enters the changing room like that?” 
Michael rushed over practically right after she said that. 
Anti didn’t like to reveal their face. This was something that all of them already knew before they came for the operation. Thus, Director Shaw had specially prepared a changing room for Anti. Anti was the only one who was allowed to go in. 
Only one person would be seeing what Anti really looked like today, and that was Michael—because he was Anti’s assistant today! 
When Michael reached the changing room, he was just in time to see Nora pushing the door open and about to enter. 
He took a step forward in alarm and grabbed Nora’s arm. “What are you doing? Do you know what this place is? This is a changing room that was prepared for only Anti!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at him calmly. “I know that.” 
Michael frowned and said angrily, “Then why you are still going in? Can you afford to take the responsibility if you disturb Anti and end up affecting the operation today? I know you want to enter the
operating room very much, but those shameless pestering tactics used for job hunting aren’t appropriate here. You…” 
Before he could finish, Nora withdrew her arm from his grasp. The seemingly amused woman asked dispassionately, “How am I supposed to operate if I don’t change?” 
Michael’s eyes abruptly widened at her words.. “W-what did you say?”
###Chapter 181: Nora Smith Is Anti!
Chapter 181: Nora Smith Is Anti! 
Nora didn’t look at him anymore. Instead, she went straight into the changing room. 
Michael stood outside the door, totally frozen in place. 
What Ms. Smith had said just now… Was she saying that she was Anti? 
This… Surely not? 
Michael swallowed hard. He had really never once imagined that Nora might possibly be Anti. After all, it took time for one to train their skills in surgery, and one needed to perform many operations in order to cultivate a feel for things. 
Most of the amazing surgeons in their industry were middle-aged. Not only could they keep up in terms of stamina, but they were also experienced. Therefore, everyone assumed that Anti must be a middle- aged man or woman. 
Nora… was a little too young! 
Given her age, she might not even be good enough to be Lily, Anti’s first assistant, right? 
W-was… was she really Anti? 
While Michael’s expression was changing again and again, Nora had changed and came back out. Her hair was tied up, and she was wearing a surgical gown and a surgical cap. 
Surgical caps were fastened very tightly to prevent hair from being exposed. This was to prevent people from bringing germs and bacteria into the operating room. Most people looked very ugly wearing it, but
when Nora’s face was fully exposed like this, it instead made her look even more stunning. 
She had a very cold expression on her countenance, and her eyes were downcast. The air around her was still as casual as ever. 
She had previously given Michael a lazy and frivolous feeling, but she felt completely different now—this was self-assurance and confidence! 
As expected of his idol, indeed! 
Michael’s eyes were shining. He simply watched as she walked over to the sink next to him. After washing her hands and fingers carefully, she looked back at him… 
Michael was so excited that he wanted to run a few laps around the hospital. 
He had finally met his idol!! 
At the sight of him staring at herself as though he had gone daft, Nora’s almond-shaped eyes narrowed a little as she smiled at Michael and said, “Anti is human, not a god.” 
Michael, “!!” 
He suddenly thought of how he had refuted Nora and misunderstood that she was looking down on Anti when she had said that previously. But in the end, she was just being self-effacing! 
He suddenly flushed crimson all over his face. He swallowed and said, “Ant—” 
However, before he could finish, footsteps coming toward them suddenly rang out. They were likely from the medical staff who had finished putting on their surgical gowns and were about to enter. 
Nora abruptly turned her head and suddenly stretched out a finger, gesturing to him to keep quiet.
Michael’s words immediately became stuck in his throat. 
Nora took out a surgical mask and quickly put it on, followed by a pair of goggles. Her movements were neither too quick nor slow; it was as if she had calculated the time just right. By the time they entered, she had completely covered herself up. 
No one could see her original appearance at all when she was all covered up like that. 
“Is Anti ready, Michael?” 
A voice reached them before the others even approached. Right on the heels of it, Tina led the few medical staff over to wash their hands. When they saw Anti, who had already changed, the whole group was stunned. 
Someone couldn’t stop themselves from asking softly, “Professor… Anti?” 
Nora looked at them. Her gaze swept past Tina to ultimately fall on Lisa, who was standing at the back of the crowd but also staring at her with bright and shiny eyes like Michael. 
She nodded slightly, making the group of people excited. 
“Anti, you are my idol!” 
“Professor Anti, I’m so lucky to be able to watch you perform an operation with my own eyes!” 
“… Ahhh, I’m so excited!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. She smiled at the excited doctor and said jokingly, “Do remember to keep your hands steady.” 
The doctor immediately straightened his back and promised, “Rest assured, Anti! There definitely won’t be any problems!” 
Amid the cheer and harmony, a discordant voice rang out. “Where is Nora Smith, Dr. Lange?” 
Tina’s voice was neither loud nor soft, yet it was still within Nora’s earshot. Tina looked at Michael and said, “I clearly saw her just now. Is she hiding somewhere so that she can sneak into the operating room?” 
Michael, “…” 
He wanted to say that Anti was Nora herself! But when he thought of how Anti had gestured him to keep quiet before the others came in… She must be asking him to keep her identity a secret, right? 
Thus, Michael replied, “Don’t bring that up anymore…” 
“Why not? I’m just trying to warn Anti about it, lest she suddenly pops up out of nowhere during the operation.” Tina deliberately heaved a sigh as she tried to give Anti a bad impression of Nora. 
She was afraid that Anti would give Nora special treatment because of the Hunts. 
It stood to reason that Anti would ask about what had happened after she said that, right? This way, she would be able to naturally say certain things after that. 
But unexpectedly, those eyes behind the goggles looked as if there was only icy coldness in them. 
She must be mistaken, though. 
After all, Anti was joking with the others just now and seemed rather even-tempered. 
Seeing that she wasn’t saying anything, Tina went on by herself and said, “My apologies, Anti, this is an oversight on the school’s part for allowing someone who really wanted to observe your surgery to break
in. We will definitely sue her if we discover her later! This has reached the point of serious medical malpractice!” 
Nora, “?” 
With which eye had Tina seen her breaking in? Those who didn’t know any better would have thought that she must have done something really nefarious! 
Her expression became even colder. 
Afraid that Anti would become angry, Michael stepped in front of Tina and said, “Alright, that’s enough. Let’s go to the operating room!” 
On account of Michael, Tina nodded at everyone behind her. 
Everyone had to enter the operating room to make preparations in advance and ready all the tools to be used later. When Lisa passed by Nora, she greeted her cautiously, “Hello, Professor Anti.” 
Nora smiled at her and said encouragingly, “I’m relatively busy at the moment, so follow Dr. Shaw and do your best to learn from him for now.” 
Her voice… It sounded rather familiar to Lisa. 
She cast a hesitant glance at Nora again—those eyes behind the goggles also looked a little familiar. In the midst of her hesitance, Tina reprimanded her. “What are you spacing out for? Hurry up and go in!” 
Lisa hurriedly retracted her gaze. She glanced at Nora again before she followed the rest into the operating room. 
Nora frowned. 
Her cousin was a little too much of a pushover. Did she allow just anyone to shout at her? 
She was about to speak when Tina suddenly came up to her and said, “Professor Anti, I am Tina York, a professor that the medical university also specially invited. I am honored to take part in the same operation as you.” 
Nora stared at her. 
Tina said unhurriedly, “Professor Anti, did you take Lisa Black as your postgraduate student because of Nora Smith’s connections with Mr. Hunt?” 
Nora, “?” 
Tina continued to lodge a complaint against Nora. She said, “To be honest, Lisa’s exam results weren’t the best at that time. Moreover, the research topic she proposed is also an unpopular one. Oh, by the way, she is Nora Smith’s cousin, and is someone who cannot tell what’s good for herself, just like Nora…” 
Now, that was going too far. 
She was originally planning to get rid of the woman after the operation, but she was simply too noisy. 
Nora suddenly raised her eyebrows and said, “I didn’t know I was someone who cannot tell what’s good for myself..”
###Chapter 182: Tina York’s Fate!
Chapter 182: Tina York’s Fate! 
“I didn’t know I was someone who cannot tell what’s good for myself.” 
When the woman’s low voice reached her ears, it made Tina wonder if she had misheard. 
She hurriedly explained, “I wasn’t talking about you. I…” 
Before she could finish, though, she understood something in an instant. She looked at Nora incredulously and sputtered, “You… you… you…” 
She didn’t manage to finish her words even after repeating ‘you’ thrice. 
Nora, however, didn’t pay her any more attention. Instead, she turned and entered the operating room. 
Tina, who was still in shock, stood where she was and stared after her. 
This continued until someone called out, “Dr. York?” 
Only then did Tina finally come back to her senses. She walked into the operating room like a zombie, glancing at the resolute-looking figure from time to time. 
Nora Smith was Anti? 
No, she must be dreaming! How could she possibly be Anti?! 
Tina swallowed hard. 
While she was in a daze, everyone in the operating room had begun making preparations for their respective tasks. The patient had been anesthetized and was currently unconscious.
Nora put on a pair of gloves, and started to draw the craniotomy’s incision lines on the child’s head with a marker pen. Then, she took a step back to take a scalpel. 
At this point… 
“Dr. York?” 
Someone called out, making Tina snap back to reality. It was then that Nora realized that Tina was in a trance. Only after the person called out to her, did Tina finally hastily pick up a scalpel and step forward to perform the craniotomy. 
Nora frowned. 
Her gaze swept across everyone in the room—all of them looked serious, and their excitement at meeting her just now was all gone. Once they were at the operating table, they were doctors saving the sick and wounded. 
Lisa was a newcomer who had never entered an operating room prior to this, and Tina had even deliberately made things difficult for her before they entered the operating room; but even she was staring at the patient seriously at this moment. She didn’t make any mistakes in the tasks that she was assigned at all. 
Nora felt that she hadn’t misjudged her, after all. Even though her little cousin was quite the pushover in her daily life, she was able to focus and keep herself from being affected by anything at the operating table. 
In contrast, Tina, as an experienced surgeon, had already performed innumerable operations before, yet she was still behaving like that. She was simply too irresponsible! 
Her expression turned cold. She stepped forward, stopped Tina, and said, “I’ll do it instead.”
Although a craniotomy was a simple procedure, one must treat every operation with caution and reverence. 
Everyone could tell that Tina wasn’t in the right frame of mind. Thus, no one doubted Anti when she said that. 
Tina was the only one who frowned and glared at her furiously. 
However, no one was to refute the chief surgeon’s instructions when they were in the operating room. Thus, she could only take a step back. 
Nora lowered her head and started to perform the operation seriously. 
For a while, the operating room was silent as everyone busied themselves with their tasks. 
“Forceps.” 
Nora suddenly stretched out her hand behind her. 
Tina, whom Nora had forced behind her, was stunned for a moment. She hurriedly picked up the forceps from the operating table and handed it to her, but Nora unexpectedly didn’t take them from her. 
Tina looked back up to see Anti, who felt so foreign to her, saying frigidly and slightly sarcastically, “Are you unable to even distinguish between forceps and hemostats, Dr. York? Were you really the head of the surgery department at Hospital Finest? Have you really performed operations before? Are the patients you operated on still alive? Also, I really suspect that the person who hired you must be blind.” 
Every word of hers was like a knife that ruthlessly lacerated Tina’s cheeks, making her feel as if her skin had been sliced into ribbons and all fallen onto the floor.
The students around them also looked at her. 
Tina felt as if all the blood in her had rushed to the top of her head in an instant. She suddenly said shrilly, “You’re picking on me!” 
Right after she shouted, she hurled the in her hand at Nora! 
Nora, who was already on the alert, abruptly stretched her leg out and kicked Tina away while her arm was swinging down! 
Bam! 
Tina slammed against the wall and fell onto the floor. She wanted to get up, but she instead tasted something sickly sweet in her mouth. The next moment, she coughed up a mouthful of blood. 
None of the others in the operating room could react in time to her sudden lashing out. 
Nora, however, had held on steadily to the craniotomy instrument with one hand without even moving. 
“Forceps.” 
Her calm and contained voice brought everyone back to their senses. Michael was the calmest among them, but he was relatively far away. He was about to walk over and pass Nora the tool when someone reacted and handed her the forceps. 
Michael looked over—it was Lisa. 
He was a little surprised, but after that, he couldn’t help but sigh. Anti really did have a great eye for people. Everyone thought that the postgraduate student she had taken was too much of a pushover, but unexpectedly, she could actually react so quickly in the face of such an accident. 
She was really devoting her whole mind and body to the operation.
— 
Despite the small episode in the middle, the operation went on smoothly. 
Four hours later, Nora finished the last step. She stepped aside and instructed Michael, “Stitch the wound.” 
“Roger.” 
The others helped Michael while he was stitching up the wound. Nora took the opportunity to move her fingers and her wrists, as well as her shoulders. 
A four-hour operation was no biggie to her. 
After she stretched, she finally looked at Tina, who had collapsed onto the floor and passed out in an area some distance away. 
Her going crazy in the operating room was something that no one could have seen coming. 
Otherwise, Nora would never have allowed her to enter the operating room and pose a threat to the patient. 
It was also because of this that she had applied more force and made her pass out with a kick. 
She casually picked Tina up and dragged her out of the operating room. 
Some of the others happened to look over. When they caught sight of Anti’s back view, they suddenly broke into a layer of cold sweat. 
Twenty minutes later, Tina slowly opened her eyes.
Director Shaw and the others were standing in front of her. He berated her sternly. “You’ve really disappointed us, Tina! How could you get into a fight in the operating room?! If it weren’t for Anti, were you also going to ruin the operation?!” 
Tina’s eyes widened in shock. 
Director Shaw then announced her penalty. He said, “Your medical license will be revoked. The school will also cancel your qualification as a professor and dismiss you!” 
They were going to revoke her license? If they did that, she would never be able to perform surgery ever again! Her career would be utterly ruined! 
Tina panicked. She jumped right up from the bed and said, “Director Shaw, I—” 
But before she could finish, the police came over and said, “I’m sorry, Dr. York, but the patient’s family members have made a police report and accused you of interfering with the operation. Please assist us in the investigations.” 
“…” 
While the police were taking Tina away, Nora changed back to her clothes. She dragged her feet and slowly shuffled off. She was about to leave the floor when a voice suddenly came from behind her. 
“Ms. Smith?” 
A surprised Nora turned around to see Joel standing behind her not too far away. 
He looked as amicable as ever.. His upturned eyes were slightly narrowed as he looked at her, and there was a scrutinizing look in his eyes…
###Chapter 183: The Report Is Out
Chapter 183: The Report Is Out 
Why was he here? 
Nora was wondering about that when Joel walked over. There was also surprise on his countenance as he asked, “Why are you here?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and answered ambiguously, “I’m a doctor. Why are you here, though, Mr. Smith?” 
She was a doctor? 
Joel narrowed his eyes a little and looked at the operating room. 
Anti had an operation here today, so he had especially rushed over here to ask Anti to treat his uncle’s illness. 
Due to Anti’s presence, only one operation had been arranged on this particular floor. 
Since she was here, then didn’t that mean that she just met Anti? 
Joel’s gaze returned to the operating room. The operation should have ended by now, right? 
He didn’t have any more time to spend going back and forth with Nora, so he nodded and replied, “I’m here to look for someone.” 
After he said that, the doors to the operating room opened. 
Michael walked out with the others. Joel strode over to them right away.
Michael had already finished the sutures long ago. The operation went perfectly. 
Nora had only left after she was informed about it. 
At the sight of Joel walking toward the operating room, Nora strode off and left. 
She could finally go home and have good sleep now. 
Joel didn’t pay any more attention to her. Instead, he went straight to Michael and said, “Hello, Anti.” 
Michael, “?” 
He took off his surgical mask and stared at Joel in astonishment. “I’m not Anti.” 
Joel was taken aback. “Then where’s Anti?” 
“Anti has already left a long time ago.” 
“What?” 
Joel broke into a frown. He was already here when the operation was nearing its end and had been waiting outside the whole time. The only person that left at the end of the operation had been… 
Just as Joel’s suspicions were starting to develop, Michael thought of how Nora hadn’t wanted to reveal her identity, so he said, “Yes, Mr. Anti has already left.” 
Mister? 
Was Anti male? 
This wasn’t that surprising, though. Most surgeons were men.
Joel frowned. Although his uncle’s diagnosis hadn’t yet been confirmed, it would always be safer if they could find Anti. 
He didn’t expect to actually miss him. 
He heaved a sigh, left the operating room, and went downstairs. When he entered the car park, he happened to see the familiar jeep driving past him in front. 
He glanced at it—the young woman in the driver’s seat stared straight ahead. As though she was in a rush to go home, she didn’t even glance at him when she passed by. 
Joel shook his head and got into the car. 
“Are you going home, Mr. Smith?” asked the chauffeur. 
“I’m going to pick up Mia.” 
“Okay.” 
The chauffeur started the car and drove to the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten. 
On the way there, Joel turned his head to the side and stared into the distance. The amicable look on his face had long since disappeared, and he fell silent. He had been sending and picking Mia up from school himself lately, but he hadn’t seen her ever again… 
When he asked Mia about it, she said that Ms. Turner was still working in the kindergarten. So, did that mean that he hadn’t seen her because she was hiding from him? 
— 
At the kindergarten.
The last lesson of the day was a dance class. 
The kindergarten’s anniversary celebrations would be held in a few days. They would be performing on stage during the celebrations, so they had arranged extra dance classes recently. 
Pete pulled a long face and danced expressionlessly with the rest of the children. 
Fortunately for him, kids’ dances didn’t differentiate between boys and girls, but even so, he still felt a slight sense of embarrassment welling up in him. 
Because! 
He had to wear a skirt in the dance! 
Pete couldn’t help but heave a huge sigh while he danced. 
Was Cherry so happy being with Daddy that she had forgotten about returning? To think they hadn’t switched back yet! Should this go on any longer, he would become a little dancing genius very soon! 
After another round of practice, Tanya clapped her hands and told the children to have a quick rest where they were. 
Pete needed to take a leak, so he got up and walked over to the bathroom outside. 
As soon as he exited the dance studio, he spotted a little fellow dancing outside the door. 
Mia was frail, so she never attended any of the sports and dance classes. Yet, she was tiptoeing and gently turning her body at the moment. 
It was the dance that they were doing just now.
Pete walked over. Seemingly having spotted him, Mia stopped moving. She stared at him with her big eyes and small oval-shaped face and said, “You guys looked great dancing just now, Cherry!” 
“…” 
Pete kept quiet for a while. Then, he asked, “Why are you here?” 
The little Mia lowered her head and twiddled her thumbs. “I… I was too bored.” 
There were also painting lessons and writing lessons being conducted elsewhere during the dance lesson, yet Mia hadn’t gone there but came over here to secretly watch them dance instead… 
Pete suddenly understood something. He asked, “Do you like dancing?” 
Mia hesitated for a moment before she nodded. However, she also shook her head right after that. 
Her timid appearance was such that even Pete, who had never been one to be meddlesome, couldn’t help but ask another question, “Do you like it or not?” 
Mia had always been an introverted child who kept everything inside her. 
But for some reason, when the one she was facing was the little boy version of Cherry, she was able to speak up. She replied, “I do, but my mommy doesn’t allow me to dance.” 
Mia sadly hung her head a little. 
She had always liked dancing, and could never resist dancing along whenever she heard music. 
Yet, her mother had claimed that she wasn’t in good health and forbade her from learning. 
The doctor had obviously said before that they could consider letting her exercise and train her body, so why was Mommy always stopping her from exercising?
While Mia was puzzling over this, Pete suddenly took her hand, walked into the dance studio, and went up to Tanya. Then, he said to Mia, “Dance the routine from just now.” 
Tanya, “?” 
Mia, “?” 
Mia glanced at Tanya cautiously and then at Pete. 
Seemingly having received encouragement, the timid girl performed the dance in front of Tanya. 
Tanya’s eyes lit up. 
To be honest, all these years, she had been wanting to take an apprentice and let them participate in competitions in the future. 
However, she had never found a suitable candidate. 
She didn’t expect the young Mia to be so talented in dancing! 
She was practically the best dancer among all the children in the class! 
Moreover, she was born with a small frame and was flexible, which made her very suitable for dancing! 
Tanya gazed at her and asked, “Do you want to learn to dance?” 
Mia looked at Pete. 
Pete nodded at her. 
Mia nodded fiercely. “Yeah!”
Tanya became tempted at once, and she almost blurted out the question ‘Are you willing to learn from me?’. 
But when she thought of Mia’s identity, she hesitated for a very long time before she finally heaved a sigh and got onto her feet. She ultimately didn’t say anything. 
She was that man’s daughter; Tanya mustn’t take her as an apprentice. Otherwise, she would end up becoming entangled with him again. 
The school bell just so happened to ring at this point, so Tanya said, “Alright, let’s go back to your respective classes and get ready to go home!” 
The students scattered and left. Mia was the only one who kept looking back at her. 
Tanya steeled her heart and looked away. 
At the entrance of the kindergarten. 
Joel’s cell phone rang while he was waiting for Mia. Quentin’s voice came from the other end when he answered. 
“The DNA test report is out..”
###Chapter 184: Why Are You Forbidding Mia From Learning How To Dance?
Chapter 184: Why Are You Forbidding Mia From Learning How To Dance? 
Joel tensed up and he asked nervously, “How are the results?” 
The previous generation of the Smiths had three sons, and Ian was the youngest. They didn’t have any sisters. 
No one had given birth to any daughters in their generation, either. Though, Ian had adopted a daughter. Should Nora really turn out to be their cousin, that would be great. 
Besides, this would also give Ian the courage to live on. 
Joel received a reply from Quentin while he was thinking about it. The reply took him by surprise. His upturned eyes slowly became downcast. A short while later, he said, “I see.” 
After he hung up, Joel turned to look out the window and went into deep contemplation. 
Some time later, he finally retracted his gaze as if he had made up his mind about something. Students started to exit the kindergarten after that. 
Joel got out of the car. 
Golden Sunshine Kindergarten students were all children of the rich and powerful. Therefore, the parents picking up their children were also all either rich or of high social status. 
In the past, it was Mia’s mother who had picked up Mia and Brandon from school. However, Joel was the one coming over every day now, which caused the other parents to also start picking up their children themselves.
“Oh, are you here to pick up your child too, Mr. Smith? Nice to meet you!” 
“What a coincidence, Mr. Smith! Are you here to pick up your child from school?” 
“I’m the general manager of Glory Group, Mr. Smith. Nice to meet you…” 
“…” 
When Tanya, who was holding Pete’s hand, was about to leave the kindergarten, she was greeted by the sight of directors from various corporations standing in a row at the door. 
The teachers in the kindergarten couldn’t help but marvel. 
“Oh my goodness, those parents usually send nannies or bodyguards to pick up and drop off their children. Why are so many of them here in person today?” 
“Anyone I hit with a random toss of a ball will probably have a net worth of millions of dollars!” 
“I bet you don’t understand why, right? Can’t you see? Everyone’s here for Mr. Smith!” 
“Mr. Smith is so handsome! No wonder Mia is so good-looking even though she’s so young. She must have inherited her looks from Mr. Smith! He’s also so graceful, gentle, and elegant… Sigh, I’m so envious of Ms. Lynn! If only Mr. Smith would say something to me!” 
“I know, right? Ms. Turner, you’re a dance teacher, right? Why don’t you go and have a word with Mr. Smith?” 
Tanya, “…” 
She lifted her head and glanced at the door. The graceful figure standing across the crowd seemed to stand aloof from the world and gave off an air like that of a noble gentleman.
Even after five years had passed, that man still shone so brightly and radiantly. 
Five years ago, she had said, “I want to hide you away and not let anyone else see you. You’re simply too outstanding; I’m afraid that someone will take you away from me!” 
But he had ultimately still become someone else’s husband. 
When she thought of how he and Hillary were married, she immediately retracted her gaze. 
Pete, who had caught a glimpse of her expression, became puzzled, and he asked, “Why aren’t you teaching Mia how to dance, God-mom? I think she dances very well.” 
Mia was thinner than most other children, and she didn’t have much baby fat on her small face. She had a small oval-shaped face and a pointed chin. When she danced, her form was very light and weightless as though she were a butterfly. 
Pete felt that it would be a huge pity if she didn’t dance. 
Tanya touched Pete’s head and replied, “It’s because her parents don’t allow her to dance.” 
Otherwise, why wouldn’t she have been exposed to dancing when she was already five? 
Besides, she also really didn’t want to be involved with the Smiths anymore. 
Pete tilted his head and nodded as if he had understood something. 
Tanya took Pete to the roadside after they exited the kindergarten. The unreliable Nora had left with the car in the morning after she woke up, so the two of them could only take a cab home now.
The kindergarten was relatively far from the area where they could hail a cab, so they walked one street down and went to another road. 
Joel had already spotted Tanya a long time ago. 
She was a dancer, after all. Her legs were long and her waist slender, making her look as charming as ever despite just wearing ordinary-looking clothes. 
He’d thought that they would at least make eye contact, but unexpectedly, Tanya didn’t take even a glance at him and took the child straight to the other side of the street. 
Light flickered in his upturned eyes. After clenching his fists a little, he picked up Mia and got into the car with her. 
While Tanya and Pete were waiting for a cab, an extended Lincoln suddenly stopped in front of them. The door opened, and Joel’s astonishingly good-looking visage appeared in front of them. He said, “Where are you going? I’ll give you guys a ride.” 
Tanya was so shocked that she immediately looked around. When she saw that no one had noticed them, she breathed a sigh of relief. Then, she took Pete’s hand, took a step back, and said with an air of resistance, “No, it’s fine.” 
But as soon as she said that, Joel uttered a domineering reply in a gentle voice, “Don’t make me get out of the car and kidnap you.” 
Tanya, “…” 
The parents and teachers nearby were about to walk over. Tanya didn’t want to cause any trouble, so she could only pick up Pete and quickly get into the car. 
The car door slowly closed. Mia called out happily, “Cherry! Ms. Turner!”
Tanya smiled at her. 
Pete took the initiative to sit beside Mia. 
Tanya’s brows knitted together—she could only sit next to Joel now. Nevertheless, she shifted away from him and put some distance between them. 
Joel frowned at the sight. 
He lowered his gaze and asked, “Your address?” 
Only then did Tanya finally react. After she gave him the Andersons’ address, Joel looked at her and asked, “Are you staying with the Andersons?” 
Tanya nodded. 
Joel cast his eyes down. “It’s not very convenient staying in someone else’s home, right? Don’t you have anywhere else you can stay at?” 
Tanya turned away and replied, “That doesn’t seem to be any of your business, Mr. Smith.” 
She was calling him Mr. Smith again… 
Joel took a deep breath and said, “That’s true. We have nothing to do with each other.” 
Tanya clenched her jaw. 
Indeed, they had nothing to do with each other. 
In fact, that man must even hate her, right? 
That was why he didn’t allow his daughter to dance—because she was a dancer, right?
Tanya didn’t expect that Joel would hate her that much. It was just that if he hated her so much, then why was he sending them home? 
In the midst of her hesitance, Joel said, “It was my misunderstanding the other time.” 
The other time? Was he talking about that time in the hospital when he misunderstood that she was Mr. Hunt’s lover? 
With a cold look on her face, Tanya said sarcastically, “It’s not your fault, Mr. Smith. It’s because I look too much like someone’s mistress.” 
Joel, “…” 
He knew that she was dissing him, but from Tanya’s reaction, he instead caught vague shadows of what they were like in the past. 
He took a deep breath and said, “You don’t have to say that about yourself. That’s not what I meant, either… Never mind. I’m taking you home because I wanted to apologize to you.” 
“You can save the apology, Mr. Smith,” Tanya replied coldly, “It’ll be fine as long as you stay away from me in the future, lest I become an eyesore to you!” 
Joel, “!!” 
The kindergarten was very close to the Andersons’ villa, so they had already arrived while they were talking. 
The chauffeur even felt as if his boss had given him a cold look when he stopped the car. 
“Let’s get off.”
Tanya was about to get out of the car with Pete when he suddenly looked at Joel and asked, “Mia’s Daddy, why are you forbidding Mia from learning how to dance?”
###Chapter 185: Cherry Enters The Grand Manor
Chapter 185: Cherry Enters The Grand Manor 
His question stunned Joel. “What?” 
Pete glanced at a cowering Mia and said sincerely, “She likes dancing very much. Restricting a child’s hobbies and interests is not something that a good father does.” 
“…” 
Seeing that Joel’s expression had tensed up and that he wasn’t speaking, Tanya beckoned to Pete and said, “Come on down now.” 
Pete hopped off the car. 
The two of them entered the Andersons’ villa hand in hand. 
The car door slowly closed as they disappeared at the door. When the car started once more, Joel finally looked at Mia. 
He beckoned to Mia, who went over to him docilely at once. She tried to please him and said cautiously, “Mia doesn’t like dancing, Daddy…” 
Her eyes flickered as she spoke, and there was a bit of panic in them. 
Joel’s heart ached for some reason. He asked, “Was it your mother who forbade you from learning how to dance, Mia?” 
Mia nodded, but then shook her head again. In the end, she lowered her head and said uneasily, “Mommy said that Daddy hates someone who dances, and told me not to learn to dance. Don’t worry,
Daddy, Mia won’t dance!” 
Her words made Joel’s eyes widen in shock. 
Joel had always wanted to know Mia’s interests and preferences while she was growing up, but he found that everything that the girl liked to eat and play with were all things that he liked. 
He had always thought that she had inherited those traits from him. 
Little did he expect that they were actually all a result of Hillary’s training? 
Joel’s expression darkened. “Daddy doesn’t dislike dancing.” 
Mia’s eyes lit up at once, and she asked, “Then can Mia learn to dance with Ms. Turner?” 
Joel looked at her. His jaw tensed up as he asked, “Do you like Ms. Turner very much, Mia?” 
Mia gave him a timid smile and replied, “Yeah.” 
She lowered her head and twiddled her thumbs as she said, “Ms. Turner dances really beautifully, yeah. I secretly watched her a few times. She also really likes to smile. I like her very much… But Mommy doesn’t like Ms. Turner…” 
She looked rather depressed at this point. Then, she added, “Besides, Ms. Turner also doesn’t like Mia.” 
The disappointed girl said, “She refused to teach me today.” 
Tanya had refused to teach her… It must be because she really didn’t want to have anything to do with him, right? 
Joel’s long, slender fingers balled up slightly, and the look in his eyes turned even frostier than before. He rubbed Mia’s head gently. After a short silence, he said, “It’s okay. I’ll think of something if you want to
learn dancing.” 
— 
At the Andersons’. 
Nora had just come out of the bath when Pete got home. The woman, who was wearing a silk nightgown, let out a lazy yawn and collapsed onto the bed. 
Pete greeted her. “Hi, Mommy.” 
Nora waved and said, “Yeah. Do your homework yourself.” 
“Okay.” 
Pete went to the study after that. Nora was about to go to bed when her cell phone suddenly rang. Cherry’s young and tender voice rang out on the phone when she answered the call. 
“My dearest Mommy, have you found out where Sponsor Grandpa is?” 
They had been chatting on Messenger for more than a month. Their spark of friendship had been getting stronger and stronger, but their chat had been inactive the whole day the day before. 
Why hadn’t Sponsor Grandpa come online yet today? 
Cherry was panicked. 
As though her actions were right and justified, Nora replied, “Oh. I forgot about it.” 
“…” 
Cherry sighed. “Then are you willing to look him up for me now, Mommy?”
“No, I’m not.” 
Cherry was so mad that her little chest was heaving up and down. She silently told herself that she was her biological mother… She could only grin and bear with it and ask, “Then when will you be free to look him up for me?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and replied, “When I wake up, I guess. Alright, I’m hanging up!” 
She was really sleepy now. 
Beep… beep… beep… 
The disconnected tone made Cherry’s heart go cold. Her little shoulders drooped as she looked up at the big villa in front of her, on the brink of tears. 
She was staying with her father at the Hunts’ family home at the moment. 
The family home was actually a manor. 
By right, since Justin was the head of the Hunts, he should have been living in the manor. However, because the Hunts were all living together, this meant that his second uncle’s family was also living there. Moreover, there was also that incident with the elderly Mrs. Hunt previously. Thus, Justin had taken Pete with him and resided elsewhere instead. 
As Justin had taught his second uncle’s family a good lesson and also gotten something on them after they made that mistake, they had become much more well-behaved and didn’t dare to come over anymore. Coupled with the fact that the two of them were staying in the main house, this meant that Cherry still hadn’t met anyone from the Hunts yet, even though it had been two days since they moved back.
In the midst of her thoughts, Justin strode into the room. He looked down at her and asked gently, “There’s a family dinner tonight. Do you want to join them?” 
A family dinner? 
Cherry loved lively places the most. 
Moreover, several of her elders would also be there, which meant that she would gain a few more people that doted on and loved her. Thus, she nodded and replied, “Yeah, I wanna go!” 
“Okay.” 
Justin smiled at her. Had it been his son instead, he definitely wouldn’t have wanted to go. As expected, his daughter’s personality was different. She was much livelier and more cheerful than his son. 
He bent over, picked up Cherry with one arm, and carried her downstairs. 
The Hunts hosted a family dinner every month. All the Hunts were required to attend it as long as they were in New York—this was a rule in the family. 
By the time they went down to the main living room, the spacious living room was already full of people. 
His second uncle, Roger Hunt, sat quietly in the corner. 
Roger’s son, Fatty, was playing with his cell phone with his head down. Apart from them, the other Hunts in the family were also present. The elderly Mrs. Hunt had already been discharged from the hospital and was currently seated on the chair next to the master seat. 
The master seat belonged to the head of the family.
The moment Justin came down, all the Hunts stood up. Even if they were his elders, they were still required to show the head of the family courtesy. 
Mrs. Hunt, who was the oldest there, said, “You’re here, Justin.” 
Justin nodded and greeted his grandmother. Then, as if he was teaching his child manners—even though he was, in fact, giving his daughter a reminder—he said, “Say hi to your Great-Grandma, Pete.” 
Cherry looked at Mrs. Hunt eagerly. 
So, was she the Great-Grandma who’d had a fall some time back, causing her brother to be accused of pushing her? 
Mrs. Hunt was also looking at her. 
She had come to know what had happened after she regained consciousness after the operation. The old lady had felt rather distressed that her son and his family had used her against a child. 
Pete was not like other children; he was mildly autistic and didn’t like to talk. 
After that incident, the relationship that they had built after so much effort must be almost all gone by now, right? 
Mrs. Hunt heaved a sigh at the thought and looked at Cherry cautiously. Knowing that her great- grandson probably didn’t dare to approach her anymore, she said regretfully, “Never mind… Let’s not make things difficult for the child anymore!” 
“Yeah, that’s right! Don’t make things difficult for Pete anymore. He has mild autism, you know!” said Raymond Hunt, Justin’s second uncle. He sounded as if he was echoing Mrs. Hunt, but in truth, he was embarrassing Pete in front of all the other Hunts. He added, “He doesn’t like talking!!”
How could a child that didn’t talk possibly inherit the company in the future? 
Even if he was currently stripped of authority, once Justin became old, wouldn’t the company still be theirs in the end anyway?
###Chapter 186: Do You Play Games?
Chapter 186: Do You Play Games? 
Mrs. Hunt became angry the moment Raymond said that. She snapped, “Pete isn’t autistic, Raymond! Don’t you dare spout nonsense!” 
Raymond curled his lip disdainfully. “Yeah, yeah, Pete isn’t autistic. He just doesn’t like talking to people, that’s all. Sigh, he can’t just keep avoiding talking to people when he takes over the company in the future, right?” 
Roger said, “Don’t say that, Dad. Who knows, he may recover after he grows up.” 
Chester couldn’t tell that they were mocking Pete. Neither did he recognize that the child was his leader, and thought she was his quiet and reticent little nephew, so he echoed them and said, “Yeah, it’ll be fine once he grows up!” 
Raymond, however, scoffed and said, “That’s what everyone said when he was a baby, but you don’t see his condition getting any better the last few years, either… But I’m just worrying over nothing, of course, because Justin will definitely have everything all nicely planned out for the company in the future, right?” 
He then looked at Fatty and reprimanded him. “And you, too, Fatty. Don’t just study all the time. What’s the use of being so academic? All that studying has made you stupid instead. What matters the most as a leader is eloquence! How can you make people trust and believe in you if you’re not eloquent?” 
He was both overtly and secretly demeaning Pete. 
All the other Hunts looked at Pete when they heard what he said. 
Indeed, what was the use of a genius if he was autistic? 
Seeing that his words were showing effect, Raymond immediately became rather smug. 
Roger, however, narrowed his eyes. 
During past family dinners, Pete had either skipped it altogether and if he did attend, Justin would always lose his temper whenever someone mentioned the words ‘mild autism’. 
Why was he keeping quiet this time, though? 
Could it be that… 
He was still wondering about it when the little fellow in Justin’s arms called out sweetly, “Hi, Great- Grandma!” 
Roger, “?” 
Raymond was also dumbfounded. He stared at the child in Justin’s arms in disbelief and said, “Were you the one talking just now, Pete?” 
Cherry rolled her eyes and looked at Justin. Then, in her young but clear voice, she asked, “Is that grandpa deaf or blind, Daddy? Why are his ears and eyes so bad? Since our family is so rich, you have to get the doctor to take a look at him!” 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled into a smile. His usually standoffish countenance looked rather relaxed. He glanced at Raymond and replied leisurely, “He’s very old, so he can neither see nor hear anything clearly.” 
Raymond, “!!!” 
Cherry replied adorably, “Oh, I see!”
As for Mrs. Hunt, she was so excited upon hearing Cherry’s voice that her eyes reddened. She wanted to reach out and take her into her arms, but when she thought of how the little fellow loathed physical contact with others the most, she retracted her arms and asked with a smile, “Is Pete talking now? Has he recovered?” 
Justin cast his eyes down dispassionately and kept quiet. Instead, he put his daughter down. 
As soon as Cherry’s feet touched the floor, she ran toward Mrs. Hunt. The little figure dived into the elderly lady’s arms and she called out adorably and tenderly, “Great-Grandma!” 
Not only was the little fellow sweet-smelling and tender, but ‘he’ was finally willing to let her hug ‘him’ now. 
Mrs. Hunt became even more excited, so much so that her hands even started to shake. She let out an excited sound of acknowledgment and then, without a second thought, took off a ring she was wearing and stuffed it into Cherry’s hands. She said, “Here, this is for you, Pete!” 
Everyone present was shocked at the sight. 
Mrs. Hunt’s ring was made of top-quality jadeite that formed only in hundreds of thousands of years, and was worth over ten million dollars! The elderly Mr. Hunt had given it to her when they got married back then! 
At that time, they had said that it was to be passed on to future generations as a family heirloom! 
The elderly lady had also been urging Justin to get married all this time, so that she could gift the ring to her daughter-in-law. It was a symbol of one’s status as the female master of the Hunts! 
Why had she instead given the ring to Pete in a moment of excitement today?
Raymond panicked. He stepped forward and said with a smile, “Look at how muddleheaded you are, Mom. This is a woman’s ring; why would you give it to Pete?” 
The old lady glanced at him and replied with a smile, “Pete can keep it and give it to his wife in the future, then!” 
In other words, she was saying that Pete’s wife would be the female master of the Hunts in the future. In that case, Pete’s position as the head of the family was not to be doubted! 
The elderly lady was backing Pete up! 
Raymond frowned and looked at Fatty with dissatisfaction. Then, he said, “You mustn’t be biased, Mom. Since you’ve given that to Pete, what are you going to give Fatty?” 
The fat little boy also looked at her expectantly. 
Mrs. Hunt glanced at him and said with a smile, “Fatty can ask his Uncle Justin if there’s anything he wants! Justin is rich! And he’s also the head of the family!” 
Raymond’s expression darkened even further. 
Roger also lowered his gaze. 
Seeing that the two of them were no longer creating any more trouble, Mrs. Hunt finally looked at Cherry and said, “Put the ring away properly, Pete.” 
Cherry hastily said, “This is too precious, Great-Grandma. I can’t accept it!” 
“One shouldn’t reject gifts from their elders. Just take it.” 
Cherry subconsciously wanted to look for Nora, but she suddenly realized that Mommy wasn’t here, so she looked at Justin instead.
Justin cast his eyes down and smiled. Then, he stepped forward, took the ring from Cherry, and said, “Since Great-Grandma has given it to you, then just accept it. But you’re still young, so you can’t wear it yet. We’ll let your Mommy wear it first.” 
‘Mommy’? 
Mrs. Hunt’s eyes lit up the moment he said that. She asked, “What Mommy?” 
The others also looked at him. 
Was that man, who had made up his mind to remain single for his entire life, finally getting married? 
Raymond and Roger instantly felt a sense of crisis. 
Should Justin get married and have another two sons, wouldn’t Fatty have even less of a chance?! 
The two of them frowned. 
All of a sudden, Raymond said, “Alright, the grownups are going to talk. Why don’t you kids go to the side and play some games?” 
He gave Fatty a look after he spoke. 
Fatty immediately understood what he meant. He took a step forward, grabbed Cherry’s hand, and said, “C’mon Pete, why don’t we play some games? This mobile game is very popular now. Anyone can play it as long as they are not too stupid. Surely you know how to play it, right?” 
It was common knowledge that Pete was a nerd whose only hobby was studying. This meant that he would definitely suck at playing games!
Cherry, “?” 
Before she could even speak, Mrs. Hunt panicked and said, “Children shouldn’t play games too much!” 
Roger smiled and said, “That’s a rather misguided statement, Grandma. Games can also reflect a person’s intelligence. Besides, people who only know how to memorize their books and fail to exercise practical application in their studies tend to have one-track minds.” 
He looked at Justin and said, “Isn’t Justin himself someone who excels in every aspect? I’m sure Pete is also someone like that, so let’s just let him play!” 
The way he spoke sounded as if people who were bad at games were very stupid! 
Justin’ lip corners curled into a smile when he heard what he said. 
Wasn’t that game that Fatty mentioned exactly the one that Cherry live-streamed herself playing? 
He had already found out a long time ago that Cherry was the local server’s top player in that game! 
Over at the other side, Fatty had already taken out his cell phone.. He asked, “Do you have an account? Come on, let’s play a round! I can carry you in the game as long as you’re not particularly stupid! This game is the best at reflecting whether someone is clever or not!”
###Chapter 187: Rushing Over To Give Them Money!
Chapter 187: Rushing Over To Give Them Money! 
Cherry, “?” 
Were they asking her if she had ever played it before? 
Kiddo, are you sure you aren’t joking? she thought. 
She looked down at the cell phone in her hands—it was her brother’s. In order to prevent anyone from discovering that they had switched places, they would always switch cell phones with each other, too. 
In order to play her game, she had prepared two cell phones for herself. The one that she had brought with her here was her brother’s, so the game wasn’t installed in it. She said, “Gimme a moment, I have to download the game first!” 
Fatty nodded. “Okay, hurry up.” 
Cherry nodded and stretched out her chubby little finger. She pressed a few times nimbly on the phone and started the download. 
On the other side, Chester panicked. 
He was on his little nephew’s side, after all! 
Thus, he came over hastily and said, “What are you guys playing? I’ll carry you guys!” 
Fatty knew that this uncle of his was great at games, and even live-streamed. If he carried them in the game, it definitely wouldn’t highlight Pete’s stupidity.
Fatty’s eyes swiveled around. Then, he grinned and said, “Pete has never played this game before, so he’ll definitely have a hard time getting started. Why don’t we have a PvP battle with each other first? This way, he can also familiarize himself with the game!” 
PvP battles referred to one-on-one, player-versus-player battles in the game. 
Once a player lost all of their HP, their character would die. 
Fatty felt that Pete definitely wouldn’t be familiar with the game, since this was his first time playing it. Wouldn’t he be able to easily trash the other party and take several of his lives, then? If he could get a kill ratio of zero to several dozen, Daddy and Grandpa would definitely praise him! 
He could also take the opportunity to show everyone present that he, Fatty, was the most outstanding child in this generation of the Hunts. 
Chester was usually quite the dimwit, but he nevertheless instantly understood the seven to eight-year- old boy’s intentions. 
He said anxiously, “No, that won’t do!” 
“Why not?” asked Fatty. 
Chester coughed and said, “Who would ask for a PvP battle right off the bat? I don’t think this is fair to Pete.” 
Fatty argued for his case and said, “It isn’t unfair. This would also allow us to see Pete’s level, after all. Are you scared to have a PvP battle with me, Pete?” 
Cherry, who was currently downloading the game, looked up with her big round eyes when she heard him. 
She blinked and replied, “Sure, no problem!”
Her young, tender voice could practically make one melt. 
Her voice made Mrs. Hunt feel as if someone had just coated her heart in honey. She beckoned to her and said, “We won’t play with him if you don’t want to, Pete! Come over to Great-Grandma instead!” 
Cherry tilted her head and looked at Mrs. Hunt. When she saw the elderly lady’s kind eyes, she smiled sweetly and said, “It’ll be fine, Great-Grandma!” 
Mrs. Hunt shook her head and said earnestly, “It’s not good to immerse yourself in games. Take a look at Chester; weren’t all of you opposed to him playing games?” 
Raymond laughed and said, “It’s not like Fatty is playing it as a profession. He’s just cultivating the mind and spirit. Besides, I heard that playing games can also train a child’s ability to focus, so it’s not necessarily all bad. Clever children will always master everything at one go, no matter what they do.” 
A smiling Roger also said, “Don’t worry, Grandma. Pete has always been smart ever since he was a baby. He has a very high IQ, so a bit of gaming won’t be any trouble for him at all.” 
Then, Roger looked at Fatty and said, “Show your younger cousin some mercy.” 
Fatty grinned and replied, “No problem, Daddy!” 
At the sight of his confidence, Roger suddenly suggested, “It certainly isn’t quite appropriate to just focus on playing games. Why don’t we have a bet?” 
Raymond immediately spoke in favor of the suggestion. He said, “That’s a good idea! Otherwise, the children won’t be motivated to win, either! Why don’t we have a bet? If Fatty loses, I’ll give up 1% of my shares in the company. How does that sound?” 
1% of his shares?
Now, that was going a little too far! 
The Hunts’ assets were worth trillions of dollars. Even though he only owned 20% of the company’s shares, 1% of that 20% was still worth several millions of dollars! 
Mrs. Hunt’s expression darkened. “The children are just fooling around. The stakes are too high, Raymond!” 
“What’s the big deal?” 
Raymond walked over to Mrs. Hunt with a smile and took her arm. The man was already in his fifties, yet he was behaving like a child. He said, “We’re just having fun, Mom! Besides, we are a family. It’s the same no matter who owns the shares! I’m sure Justin will rise up to the challenge, right?” 
Justin cast his eyes down and said, “Are you talking about 1% of the company’s shares, or 1% of your shares in the company, Uncle Raymond?” 
Raymond was taken aback for a moment. 
Justin sneered, “Since you want to have some fun, then let’s up the stakes. What say you to 1% of the company’s shares?” 
Given how profitable the Hunt Corporation’s shares were, 1% of the compnay’s shares would involve a transfer of billions of dollars’ worth of profits! 
The stakes were too high! 
Who would gamble dozens of billions of dollars on a one-time bet? 
Raymond’s expression darkened. He subconsciously looked at Roger.
Roger smiled and said, “Since Justin has said so, then let’s do just that.” 
Raymond wanted to say something, but Roger tugged on his sleeve, lowered his voice, and said, “Justin must have suddenly raised the stakes because he thinks you won’t bear to part with that much money, so you definitely won’t dare to continue with the bet!” 
Raymond immediately understood what Roger meant! 
So, Justin was waging psychological warfare with him! 
He let out a cold laugh and exchanged a look with Roger. Then, he lowered his voice and asked, “Are you sure Pete has never played that game before?” 
Roger nodded. “He is always studying every day, so how would he possibly have any time to play games? He only downloaded it once in California and played it for an afternoon there, but he uninstalled it after that. I’m sure he can’t play it.” 
Raymond looked at his little grandson again. 
Fatty was seven to eight years old this year, and he was very good at games. 
The Hunts were all very smart. Wouldn’t it be a cinch for Fatty to bully a five-year-old? 
Besides, no matter how clever a child was, they would still have to familiarize themselves with the game’s workings before they could become adept at any game. This pocket of time Pete would need, signified that victory was pretty much in the bag for Fatty! 
Thus, Raymond immediately smiled and said, “Sure, Justin. I’ll bet 1% of the company’s shares. How about you?”
Justin was about to speak when Raymond suddenly added, “You’re the head of the Hunt Corporation, so I can’t possibly ask for your shares, either, right? How about this—if Fatty is lucky enough to win, then you’ll give me that ring that Mom gave Pete just now! This request isn’t too much, is it?” 
At first glance, when one compared shares worth billions of dollars to a ring worth millions of dollars, it seemed like Raymond was losing out in the deal. 
However, one could earn billions of dollars, but the ring was priceless! 
Moreover, that wasn’t just a mere ring—it was also something that symbolized the wife of the next head of the family! 
Raymond had certainly got it all figured out! 
Mrs. Hunt became infuriated at once. She said, “How can you gamble with each other when the children are just playing some games at home? Besides, that’s a gift from me. How can it be transferred to someone else?” 
Raymond looked at her and said, “How can you be so biased, Mom? Why didn’t you say that we’re going too far when I offered my shares worth billions of dollars? Or is it because… Justin doesn’t dare to take up the bet with me?”
###Chapter 188: I’m Going, Then!
Chapter 188: I’m Going, Then! 
A lot of people—most of them the Hunts’ collateral and direct descendants—had come for the Hunts’ family dinner. By repeatedly using phrases such as “Do you dare to do it or not” in front of so many people, Raymond was obviously leaving Justin no way out. 
Should he refuse the bet at a time like this, it would be tantamount to him showing signs of cowardice! 
Raymond was certain that Justin would agree to it—after all, that was the only option he had. 
Sure enough, after a short silence, Justin slowly replied, “Let’s do it.” 
Raymond and Roger exchanged a look and smirked. 
How dare Pete attend the dinner! Mrs. Hunt was also too biased. Pete was just a five-year-old boy who hadn’t even grown up, yet she was giving him the family heirloom! She was too much! 
They were bent on making Pete make a fool out of himself today! 
Mrs. Hunt wanted to stop them again, but Justin gave her a comforting look, which made the old lady close her mouth. 
Fatty became even more excited when he heard their conversation. He selected the hero that he was the most skilled at playing as, and asked Cherry, “Which hero are you playing as, Pete? You can just pick any of them.” 
Cherry nodded, selected the little girl hero that she always played as, and replied, “I’m picking this one. What about you?”
Fatty answered, “I’m playing as this guy!” 
“Pfft!” Cherry broke into a grin and laughed. As soon as she turned on the game, she transformed into her irritable little girl persona and started to diss her opponent. She said, “Okay. C’mon sonny, I’m going to beat you so bad today that your mom won’t even recognize you!” 
Fatty was taken aback. “Who do you think you’re calling ‘sonny’?” 
“Your hero, of course. Isn’t he my hero’s son?” 
“…” 
Fatty, who had been taken advantage of for no reason whatsoever, was furious. He controlled his hero in the game and made him go straight to Cherry. 
Cherry, who looked like she was in high spirits, had a triumphant look on her face. 
She deliberately acted as if she was playing the game for the first time, making her hero walkabout left and right awkwardly as if she didn’t even know how to use the controls. “Oh no, why is she walking away?!” Cherry said. 
Fatty was overjoyed. He chased after Cherry’s hero and started to attack her. 
Cherry didn’t fight back in the early stages of the round. Instead, she deliberately made her hero sway left and right, making Fatty burst out laughing. “Dummy Pete, you’re so stupid! Can’t you even walk? I’m gonna teach you how to behave today!” 
Cherry put on a feint in the first half and didn’t fire even a single shot. She kept her HP under control and allowed Fatty to deplete it to the lowest it could go. 
After that, she seemed to understand something and became so scared that she started to run toward her defensive tower.
Fatty chased after her. 
She had only a little HP left! As long as he could make contact with Cherry, there would be absolutely no problem at all. 
It would be fine even if he had to defend against her defensive tower. 
Yet, as if Cherry had suddenly pressed something wrong by accident, she pressed the button for her first skill. Her hero immediately did a tuck-and-roll and moved to the left, causing Fatty to miss! 
Right at this point, the sound indicating a kill rang out on the phone! 
‘Pete Hunt’ had killed ‘The Unbeatable And Most Handsome’! 
“He lost so quickly?” 
A triumphant Raymond said, “You’re too lousy, Pete. Even if this is your first time playing, you still lost too quickly. It hasn’t even been a minute, you know?” 
Roger also smirked and said, “A bet’s a bet, Justin. That ring…” 
Justin looked at them, dark light flickering in his eyes. In front of all the Hunts, his lips slowly parted and he asked, “The children are fooling around. Are you sure that the bet just now is valid?” 
Raymond chuckled at once and said, “You mustn’t go back on your word, Justin. You’re a man, right? Besides, you’re even the man overseeing the Hunt Corporation. You have to keep your word; you can’t renege on it!” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “Are you sure, Uncle Raymond?”
“Yes, I am.” 
As soon as Raymond said that, Justin sighed and said, “In that case, I will graciously accept 1% of the company shares from you.” 
He turned and looked at Sean, who was standing behind him, and instructed, “Prepare the share transfer agreement and let Uncle Raymond sign it later.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Raymond was stunned. 
Roger, who was also dumbfounded, subconsciously said, “Rather than us transferring shares to you, Justin, you should be giving us the ring instead. After all, Fatty is the one who won just now…” 
However, he suddenly realized something at this point, and he looked at the children. He was dumbstruck when he saw Fatty’s reaction. 
Fatty’s cell phone screen dimmed at this point. 
Fatty was still dumbfounded. What had just happened? 
When he looked back up, he saw Cherry patting her little chest. She looked at him and remarked, “Whew, that was so close…” 
Fatty understood now—he must have been unlucky just now! He had been so close to killing her hero! 
He demanded angrily, “Again!” 
“… That’s not really good, is it?” asked Cherry. 
Fatty panicked. “What’s so bad about it?”
Cherry sighed. “What I mean is that the stakes aren’t really good. I’ve already won, so I’m not going to play anymore!” 
Fatty, “!” 
He was so mad that he ran to Roger and said, “Daddy, let’s bet on it again! Grandpa, take out another 1%!” 
1% of the shares equated to billions of dollars! 
Raymond, who had panicked after losing the huge sum of money, said anxiously, “No, no, no…” 
When an indignant Fatty turned around, he immediately saw Cherry making faces at him. On top of that, she even looked as if she had just given herself a huge fright. The little fellow put on a pretense and said, “Pete was so scared just now, Daddy! I don’t know what happened, either. How come Fatty died just like that? I was only left with the barest of HP!” 
Justin, “…” 
What was one supposed to do when their daughter suddenly started putting on a show with them? 
Pamper her and go along with her, of course! 
Justin stretched out his big hand, ruffled her hair, and said with a doting smile, “Pete is so awesome. To think you’ve actually won 1% of the company’s shares for Daddy. You’re so good at the game even though this is your first time playing it!” 
Cherry grinned at him. 
Their conversation made Raymond’s face flush completely red.
As though a gambler’s mindset, the loss of billions of dollars just now made him anxious and irritable. He looked at Fatty and asked, “Are you sure you can beat him if you go at it again?” 
Fatty nodded, “Yes, I am! I was so close just now!” 
“Okay! Grandpa will trust you once more!” Raymond looked straight at Justin and said, “One more time!” 
Cherry buried her head into Justin’s shoulder and said, “Pete doesn’t wanna, Daddy! It’s too scary! Pete is scared!” 
Justin, “…” 
He ruffled her hair and spoke gently as he appeased her. “Okay, okay. We won’t play anymore…” 
However, the more he refused to play, the more determined to continue Raymond became, so he said, “Are you stopping, Justin? Surely you can’t just leave after you win, right? It doesn’t work that way!” 
Raymond, whose eyes were all red, stood and stared at him. “The bet between the children only involves a few billion dollars. I’m staking billions of dollars on this while you only need to offer up Mom’s ring. It’s not like you’re too scared to bet, right?” 
Seemingly driven into a corner, Justin could only pat Cherry on the shoulder and say, “Let’s play another round, Pete?” 
“But Daddy, I’m scared!” 
“Don’t be scared. Just close your eyes and mess around.” 
Cherry looked up at him ‘timidly’ and said, “Sigh, I thought you said that it’s not good to gamble, Daddy… I’m going, then..”
###Chapter 189: A Quack Doctor’s Misdiagnosis!
Chapter 189: A Quack Doctor’s Misdiagnosis! 
‘Left with no other option’, Cherry sat in front of Fatty with her cell phone and turned on the game again. 
Fatty controlled his hero and rushed straight toward Cherry’s hero again. 
The two of them clashed in the middle of the arena. Cherry blinked and repeated the same trick. After allowing Fatty to reduce her HP to the barest minimum, she ‘coincidentally’ killed Fatty’s hero instead! 
Fatty jumped onto his feet. “Why am I dead again?” 
Cherry blinked with her big round eyes. “Yeah, I didn’t do anything, either. How did I fire a cannon? … Oh, I get it now!” 
Fatty, “?” 
Cherry said with a straight face, “It’s because your mom will always be your mom. Sons can’t just usurp the throne whenever they want to~” 
Fatty, “!!” 
Her words made Roger narrow his eyes a little. By the time Fatty rushed over again to ask for another round, Raymond had already become thoroughly anxious and irritable at his losses. 
Within a matter of a mere few minutes, he had actually lost 2% of the company’s shares and gone from owning 20% of the shares to 18% 
Raymond was so furious that he smacked the table. “One more time!”
Fatty nodded. He was about to set off when Roger grabbed his arm. Then, he looked at Justin and Cherry with a smile and said, “Nice one, Justin.” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “I told you, there’s no need to raise the stakes like that when the children are just fooling around. Look at how alarmed and anxious Uncle Raymond has become after he lost!” 
His words made Raymond flush as red as a tomato. He pointed at Justin angrily and sputtered, “You, you, you…” 
Justin’s expression turned cold and he said nothing. 
Cherry, however, said, “Daddy, I’m so scared! Is that grandpa having a stroke? His fingers keep shaking!” 
Raymond, “?” 
Even Justin couldn’t help just smile. His anger from just now disappeared, and his voice was low and gentle as he replied, “No, Uncle Raymond is just being a sore loser. Forget it, you don’t need to prepare the agreement anymore, Sean.” 
Raymond knew that Justin was provoking him the moment he heard what he said. 
It was either he toughed it out and went along with Justin’s words—but he would probably never be able to hold his head up high in front of the Hunts after that since he was the one who suggested the bet, yet also the one being a sore loser in the end—or he surrendered the shares! 
Raymond was thick-skinned. Thinking that he could just redeem his reputation in the future, he was about to speak when the same young and tender voice said, “Why would he be a sore loser, Daddy? That grandpa was really amazing just now, and he even asked if you dared to bet with him. Is he the one who actually doesn’t dare to? Also, can people just cancel their bets at will? Daddy taught me that I should always keep my word. Otherwise, it would be no different from a fart~!”
Raymond, “!!!” 
Her words were too humiliating! 
His words would be no different from a fart?! 
He took a few deep breaths. There was no way he could part with the money, but the problem was that he would thoroughly embarrass himself… He couldn’t quite stomach the aggravation. 
At this point, Roger smiled and said, “That’s impossible. It’s just a few billion dollars. Dad, give it to him.” 
Raymond looked at Roger and exclaimed, “Roger!” 
Roger’s expression darkened. “Give it to him.” 
Raymond finally turned to Justin and said indignantly, “Prepare the agreement!” 
Sean immediately nodded. “Yes, sir.” 
At the sight of him turning and leaving, Raymond said sarcastically, “Your assistant is terrible, Justin. How can he say that when you haven’t even agreed?” 
Sean ignored him. Instead, his footsteps toward the outside quickened as he got ready to print the papers. 
To be honest, 2% of the shares were actually very important to them! 
Justin, however, replied, “We’re a family, Uncle Raymond. How would he possibly have the guts to disobey your instructions?” 
Raymond, “” 
Was there even anyone who didn’t know that no one could order about the few subordinates under Justin’s command, except for Justin himself? 
He was going too far by saying that!!! 
— 
While Cherry was provoking Raymond and his family at the Hunts’, Pete was in school. 
During class, a child raised his hand. “Ms. Lynn, my head hurts.” 
The teacher hurriedly walked over and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
The little fellow pointed to his head and replied, “It hurts.” 
Ms. Lynn had no choice but to let him rest at the side. 
After class, everyone surrounded the boy with a headache. 
“Jimmy, are you pretending to have a headache?” 
The boy named Jimmy shook his head. “No, I’m not.” 
“But my mom said that your mom says you’re just pretending to have a headache so that you can play truant!” 
Jimmy’s eyes reddened and he stood up. “That’s not true! My head really hurts!” 
“You’re just pretending!” 
“Yes, you’re just pretending! Your mom said so in the kindergarten parents’ group chat!” 
Jimmy was so mad that he clenched his fists.
Mia came over and said softly, “Don’t talk about Jimmy like that. I’m sure he’s not pretending!” 
Mia spoke very softly. Pete found the way she spoke very calming, so she was the only one with whom he was willing to play in the kindergarten. 
Seeing that even she had spoken up, Pete glanced at Jimmy and sent a text message to Nora: ‘Mommy, I have a classmate who keeps having a headache. What’s going on?’ 
Meanwhile. 
Jimmy’s mother was complaining madly in the parents’ group chat. 
Jimmy’s Mom: ‘The teacher called me and said that Jimmy was having a headache again. Sigh, kids are so sly these days. It must be because I picked him up and brought him home the moment they called last time that he has learned to lie now.’ 
Brandon’s Mom: ‘Is he always having a headache? You’d best send him for a checkup.’ 
Jimmy’s Mom: ‘Is there even any need for a child to see a doctor because of headaches? I think he’s fine. Besides, they’ll definitely make him do a whole bunch of brain CT scans and MRI scans. Those will expose the child to radiation!’ 
Helen’s Mom: ‘Yes, kids nowadays are really smart. They know what works best for them and are always pretending.’ 
The messages from the group chat and Pete were so noisy that Nora couldn’t sleep, so she picked up her phone. When she saw the messages, she sent one back to Pete. 
Pete gave Nora a video call after seeing her reply. Then, he followed her instructions and gave Jimmy a checkup.
For example, he pressed the top of his head and asked, “Does it hurt here?” 
After asking him a few questions, Nora’s lazy voice came through the phone and she said, “I’m hanging up.” 
Then, she went to the group chat and sent a message. 
Nora: ‘Jimmy’s mom, his situation is not promising. You should take him to the hospital for a lumbar puncture right away.’ 
The parents in the group chat, who were chatting about how their children were always playing tricks, were dumbfounded and all of them stopped talking. 
A short while later, Jimmy’s mother popped up. 
Jimmy’s Mom: ‘’ 
Jimmy’s Mom: ‘Are you crazy? The most that’s ever necessary when people have headaches are brain CT scans. Why would he need to do a lumbar puncture?’ 
Nora answered calmly: ‘I am a doctor.’ 
Jimmy’s Mom: ‘Does being a doctor mean you can tell us to do things? We actually have a doctor in the group chat? The Golden Sunshine Kindergarten actually has parents who are doctors? Are you really lacking this bit of money for medical tests from me?’ 
The others echoed her: 
‘Yes, she’s right. Hospitals keep prescribing this and that to patients these days. There are actually parents in this group chat who are so poor that they want to cheat others of this bit of money?’
‘She must be a quack doctor, right?’ 
‘Don’t spout nonsense here just because you have a bit of knowledge. What does a lumbar puncture have to do with the brain?’ 
Jimmy’s Mom: ‘This is just a quack doctor’s misdiagnosis! Get out of the group!’
###Chapter 190: Am I Dying?
Chapter 190: Am I Dying? 
Nora, who had seen family members of patients that were even more unreasonable, wasn’t bothered. Instead, she wrote: ‘Jimmy is likely suffering from encephalitis.’ 
She was about to send the message after drafting it when she suddenly saw a message prompt: 
‘You have been kicked out of the group chat by the administrator.’ 
Nora, “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and stared at her phone for a while. A brief moment later, she scoffed and opened Cherry’s chat window. Then, she sent a message to Pete: ‘He is likely suffering from encephalitis. Have his father take him to the hospital for a checkup.’ 
Doctors should be benevolent. 
The child was still so young. She didn’t want to let the matter go unchecked. 
Neither would she lower herself to his parent’s level. 
After sending the message, she lay down and got ready to sleep. 
— 
At the kindergarten. 
Pete walked over to Jimmy after reading Nora’s message and relayed her words to him. 
Jimmy was so frightened that he burst into tears at once. “Sob! I have encephalitis! Am I going to die?!”
Ms. Lynn was dumbfounded when Jimmy burst into tears. She tried to coax him, but he cried and asked for his mother instead. 
As a result, Ms. Lynn could only give Jimmy’s mother a call. 
Jimmy’s mother was a hot-tempered and straightforward woman. After receiving the teacher’s call, she went straight to the school swiftly and resolutely. 
She spotted Jimmy, who was crying so hard that he couldn’t breathe, right away. 
Jimmy’s mother panicked at once. “What’s wrong? Did your classmates bully you?” 
A sobbing Jimmy replied, “Mommy, I’m dying. I have a very serious illness. Sob…” 
His mother frowned and asked, “Who told you that?” 
“Cherry did.” 
Jimmy’s mother became furious at once. She shouted at Ms. Lynn, “Who is Cherry?!” 
Ms. Lynn wanted to stop her, but Jimmy’s mother, who was a tall and thick woman, was simply too strong. She pushed Ms. Lynn away, entered the classroom, and demanded, “Where is Cherry?” 
Pete stood up leisurely and frowned. 
At the sight of him, Jimmy’s mother immediately broke into a rant. She said, “Why did you say such nonsense to Jimmy? Don’t you know that it’s not right to scare kids?! Apologize to Jimmy at once!” 
Jimmy was holding his mother’s hand. The five-year-old boy looked confused—obviously, he didn’t know what was going on.
He shook his mother’s hand and said, “Mommy, Cherry wasn’t trying to scare me. My head hurts. I really am sick…” 
“What do you mean you’re sick?” Jimmy’s mother’s expression turned cold and she said, “It’s normal for a child to experience headaches and fevers. Besides, your head always stops hurting every time you get home. Moreover, people in our family are all in good health. What kind of sickness can you possibly be down with? What kind of nonsense are you saying?” 
It wasn’t that Jimmy’s mother didn’t care about her son. It was just that every time she took Jimmy home during the last few incidents, his head would always stop hurting whenever they were about to go to the hospital. 
After this happened several times, it was inevitable that Jimmy’s mother would suspect that he was just pretending to be sick. 
Otherwise, why would his head only hurt in the kindergarten and never at home? 
Jimmy’s mother pointed at Pete and sneered, “Fine, you’re a kid, so I won’t lower myself to your level. I’ll look for your mother instead!” 
She looked at Ms. Lynn and said, “Tell Cherry’s mother to come to the kindergarten! Otherwise, I won’t let this matter rest today! How can I let my little Jimmy be bullied in school?” 
Ms. Lynn breathed a sigh of relief. 
Although Jimmy’s mother was bad-tempered, she was reasonable and hadn’t raised her hand against the child. She was a much more decent person than Whitney Lowe. 
Ms. Lynn hurriedly called Nora.
Pete sat in his seat while Jimmy’s mother waited with her son in Ms. Lynn’s office. 
Next to him, Mia was terribly nervous. She tugged Pete’s sleeve and whispered, “Cherry, I heard that Jimmy’s parents are prominent figures in the underworld. Whoever offends Jimmy will be…” 
She held her hand up, drew it across her neck, and added, “… killed off secretly!” 
Pete, “?” 
Mia was so frightened that she shrank back after she spoke. “My mommy also told me not to offend Jimmy when I first came to school. Jimmy’s mother looked so scary just now!” 
The other children were also discussing the matter quietly among themselves. 
“Will Cherry stop coming to school tomorrow?” 
“I heard that Jimmy’s father has a big pet tiger that only eats children! Will Cherry be eaten on her way home?” 
“You mustn’t die, Cherry!” 
“Sob, Cherry, I really like you…” 
A child’s world was very simple and innocent, especially when Cherry the charmer had already become their favorite person in the class. 
As a result, Pete was surrounded by the children. Their eyes were all red as they said their goodbyes to him. 
“Cherry, I like you the most. You have to come to school alive tomorrow, okay?!”
“Cherry, why don’t you go and buy a piece of meat after school? This way, even if you encounter the big tiger, you can let it eat the meat so that it won’t eat you…” 
“Here, Cherry, this is for you. It’s a little hammer that my mommy gave me. She said that I can use it to hammer anyone that bullies me. Why don’t you take this and beat the tiger with it?” 
“…” 
Pete, “…” 
He couldn’t help rolling his eyes. These children were so silly… that they were so cute. 
The feeling of loneliness that had been hidden in the depths of his heart ever since he was born seemed to have unknowingly faded away a lot during his days in kindergarten. 
Mia became even more frightened. Her eyes reddened as she said, “How about letting Daddy send you home after school today?!” 
To Mia, her father was the most powerful person ever! 
“… No, it’s fine,” replied Pete. 
As a result, when a displeased Nora rushed over to the kindergarten after being woken up, she immediately saw her son being surrounded and sent off by a crying crowd. 
Nora, “…” 
However, before she could even say anything, Jimmy’s mother rushed up to her. She jabbed her finger in her face and said angrily, “Never mind that you were talking nonsense in the group, but how can you also say such nonsense to a child? Look at how pale Jimmy has become because of you!”
Jimmy was following his mother at the back. The little boy was trembling all over, and he looked as if he was about to have a fit because he was crying so hard. 
Nora frowned and said, “Now’s not the time to be quarreling. I’d suggest that you take your son to the hospital for a checkup right away.” 
“To hell with the checkup!” Jimmy’s mother shouted angrily, “We’re already meeting in person, yet you’re still so full of hot air! It’s all because your daughter scared him that my son has become like this! Encephalitis? … Would anyone need a lumbar puncture because of encephalitis? This is the first time I’ve ever heard about it! Aren’t lumbar punctures related to leukemia or something? Are you sure you know what you’re saying or not?!” 
Nora, “…” 
Jimmy’s mother rolled up her sleeves as if she was about to hit someone. She demanded, “I want you to apologize to my son right away! Tell your daughter to apologize to my son, too! Take back what you said just now and tell him that all of that was just a joke!” 
However, as soon as she said that, Jimmy suddenly held his head with his hands and threw up..
###Chapter 191: The Child’s Father!
Chapter 191: The Child’s Father! 
Jimmy’s mother was terribly shocked. She quickly looked down and picked up Jimmy. “What’s wrong? Jimmy, what’s wrong?” 
After throwing up twice, Jimmy finally stopped. Covered in perspiration, he frowned and asked, “Mommy, am I dying?” 
Jimmy’s mother finally panicked. “Of course not. Mommy’s here, baby. Mommy will take you to the hospital right away!” 
She held him in her arms and walked out. 
When she passed by Nora, Nora told her again, “Have a lumbar puncture done immediately and check whether it’s encephalitis or not when you reach the hospital.” 
This time, Jimmy’s mother looked at her and said nothing. Instead, she strode off. 
After she left, Nora checked the time—school wasn’t over yet. Thus, she left Pete there and went home by herself. 
Ms. Lynn, “…” 
She’d thought that Cherry’s mother would comfort Cherry a little before she left—after all, she had just quarreled with her classmate. But why was she so nonplussed about it? 
No, that wasn’t right. Cherry’s mother was a very good mother. She must be very busy with work at the moment and must have rushed over from work right after she received the call. She must be rushing
back to work to make money to raise Cherry now! 
Yes, that must be the case! 
With that in mind, Ms. Lynn went back into the classroom, upon which she immediately saw Cherry engrossed in a book. 
Ms. Lynn couldn’t help but walk over. She ruffled Cherry’s hair and said, “Don’t be scared, Cherry~” 
Pete stiffened, but forced himself to tolerate the body contact. 
He found that there seemed to be more and more people whom he could accept coming into physical contact with these days… 
Soon, school ended. 
One by one, the children said their goodbyes to Pete, who left the school together with Tanya. Mia watched them get in the big black car before she got in the Smiths’ car unhappily. 
At the sight, Joel couldn’t help asking, “What’s the matter, Mia?” 
Mia asked timidly, “Daddy, will Cherry be eaten by the big tiger?” 
Joel, “?” 
Mia told him about what had happened earlier that day. Joel ruffled her hair and said, “It’s fine. The big tiger won’t dare to eat him.” 
Mia’s big eyes widened and she stared at him puzzledly. She asked, “Why? The big tiger doesn’t dare to eat me because I have Daddy, but he doesn’t!”
Joel cast his eyes down and replied, “His father is Justin Hunt. Don’t worry, the big tiger won’t dare to eat him at all.” 
Mia was relieved to hear that. “That’s great!” 
Joel, however, turned to look outside—Tanya had brought the child into the car again. Did this mean that the child’s mother didn’t bother coming over to pick him up from school at all? 
He stared at Tanya. 
In his mind, however, was the DNA test report… The results were too complicated. He didn’t dare to bring it up to Ian even now. 
He would need to think carefully about how to word it properly. 
— 
Jimmy’s mother soon reached the hospital. She rushed straight to the pediatric department with Jimmy. 
Jimmy was already feeling much better by then. However, the pediatrician nevertheless carried out a series of tests on him before finally telling his mother the reason for his vomiting. He said, “It’s likely because he was crying too much from fright. Jimmy, do you still feel like throwing up?” 
Jimmy shook his head. 
The doctor smiled and said, “There’s no need to make too big a fuss over something trivial sometimes.” 
Relieved, Jimmy’s mother nodded. 
The doctor then said, “It’s better to err on the side of caution, though, so let’s do a few more tests.” 
Jimmy’s mother got the nanny to go and foot the medical bill. Then, she called Jimmy’s father.
Jimmy’s father was named Jordan Hoffman. He specialized in businesses such as underground dealings and so on in New York and was considered a leader of the industry. Apart from the Smiths and Hunts, one could say that he didn’t show anyone else any courtesy. 
He was a crass boor with a big and muscular figure and stood at about 6’1″ tall with a weight of 205 lbs. He was currently working out. His muscles bulged powerfully in tandem with the movements of the gym equipment. 
When his cell phone rang, he picked it up and answered very loudly, “What’s the matter, dear?” 
Jimmy’s mother wiped her tears and said, “What’s the matter? Someone bullied your son Jimmy in the kindergarten!” 
“F*ck!” Jordan stood up, causing the gym equipment’s parts to clash loudly against each other. “Who is so bold as to bully my son? But did you say Jimmy had to go to the hospital because of the bullying? Why is he such a wimp?” 
“…” 
Jimmy’s mother choked for a moment before she yelled, “What would my son know when he’s only five years old?! A kid in their class bullied him and told him that he had encephalitis, scaring him so badly that he cried for two hours until he threw up! What are you going to do about this?” 
Jordan shouted angrily, “Whose child is it that’s so naughty? How dare they insult my son! I’m going to rip that little bastard into pieces!” 
Jimmy’s mother got anxious and said, “Who are you planning to rip into pieces? How can it be the child’s fault when they haven’t even grown up yet? The one I’m angry with is his mother! The kindergarten had
gotten her to come down, yet she still told me to get a lumbar puncture done for Jimmy. That’s a lumbar puncture we’re talking about here, you know?! It’s a really painful procedure. Who does she think she is? Does she think she can just scare other people like that?!” 
Jordan nodded. “Yes, you’re right! I’ll have someone check who her parents are right away!” 
Jimmy’s mother nodded. “I will also put some pressure on the kindergarten. Why should we allow such parents to send their children to kindergarten? Let’s have them voluntarily withdraw from the school! Otherwise, I’ll drive them out!” 
“Okay, we’ll go with whatever you say, dear. How is Jimmy feeling, by the way?” 
At the mention of Jimmy, the woman’s tone softened and she replied, “He’s feeling much better now. He only threw up because he was crying after he was badly frightened. I’m so mad! What’s a parent spreading such rumors for? Is it that fun to scare children? If it weren’t because Jimmy had suddenly started throwing up, given my bad temper, I would have totally given her a few tight slaps today!” 
“I’ll check who his father is right away, and give his father those slaps instead! What is the child’s name?” 
“Cherry Smith.” 
“Okay!” 
Jimmy’s mother was still very angry even after she hung up. She started to madly contact the principal and the teachers on her cell phone and sent them a text message. 
Jimmy’s mother: ‘Since Cherry Smith’s mother, Nora Smith, refuses to apologize for her child’s actions, I’d suggest that the school expel her child! I won’t change my mind unless they apologize seriously!’
When Ms. Lynn saw the text message, she quickly contacted Nora. “Ms. Smith, I understand that Cherry didn’t say that to scare Jimmy. Why don’t you have her apologize to Jimmy?” 
Nora, who had been woken up repeatedly by phone calls, was already very impatient by this point. She replied aggressively, “Pete… oh, I mean Cherry, will take three days off from school for now, then.” 
Jimmy was in very serious condition. If his mother didn’t follow her instructions and have him go through a checkup right away, three days would be more than enough for his illness to flare up. 
Ms. Lynn, “?” 
In the hospital. 
It was only when Jimmy’s mother received news from Ms. Lynn that Cherry would be temporarily stopped from attending classes that she finally calmed down. 
When Jimmy finished the various checkups, his mother finally calmed down and looked at him.. She suddenly thought of the headache that Jimmy had mentioned previously and asked, “Does your head still hurt, Jimmy?”
###Chapter 192: Choosing Between Two Options
Chapter 192: Choosing Between Two Options 
Jimmy thought for a while. His head still hurt a little, but when he thought of the discomfort he had felt when they were checking his stomach just now to find out why he had thrown up, he blanked out for a moment. Then, he shook his head and replied, “It doesn’t hurt anymore, Mommy.” 
Jimmy’s mother heaved a sigh of relief at once. 
The woman, who had been rather flustered deep down just now, finally put her heart at ease. She said, “It’s fine as long as it doesn’t hurt anymore. Your classmate’s mother doesn’t seem like a good person. I bet she doesn’t even have a doctor’s license, right? Yet she kept spouting nonsense. Serves them right that her child can’t attend classes in school anymore!” 
After saying that, she bent down, picked up Jimmy, and went home. 
In a gym somewhere. 
Jordan found all of Cherry’s information in no time. He frowned as he stared at Nora’s name in the field listing the name of the child’s mother, and asked his subordinate, “Doesn’t she have a father? I don’t hit women.” 
The man answered, “No, she doesn’t.” 
Jordan fell silent for a moment. Then, he let out a ‘hmph’ and said, “People who can send their kids to that kindergarten aren’t from ordinary families, either. Find out which family they belong to. If they are just ordinary people… then inform my wife to drop it, lest they say we’re using our power to bully them!” 
“Okay.” 
After his subordinate left, someone walked in and said, “Mr. Hoffman, that Anderson kid is here again.” 
Jordan’s expression immediately turned cold. “He actually has the guts to come again? Tsk! Let him in!” 
At the door. 
A limping Logan stood there with his eyes downcast. The dark basement was dim and messy. The young man with an untamed look on his countenance stuck out like a sore thumb in the noisy environment. 
He waited until someone summoned him before he finally stepped forward and limped into the room. 
After going in, Logan lowered his head at once and said, “Mr. Hoffman.” 
Jordan let out an icy snort and said, “Our sportsbook isn’t a joke.” 
Logan kept his eyes down. 
Their car races weren’t actual competitions. The bets and gambling were all underground transactions. The car racing sportsbook operated solely with Jordan’s name as a guarantee. 
All the money that Logan had earned over the years came from them. 
He had always been the top car racer in New York. 
A great number of the wealthy placed their bets there whenever they wanted to bet on car racing. 
Logan, however, shifted his weak and limp foot and said, “The next race is in three days, but I’m afraid my foot won’t be recovering in time for it.” 
“What does that have to do with me?” Jordan got off the gym equipment and walked over. He picked up a bottle of iced water, unscrewed the cap, and gulped it all down in one breath.
Logan shifted his foot again. He said, “I’ll definitely lose if I participate in the race. I’m sure the players would feel very strongly about this, so I’d like to ask Mr. Hoffman for help in postponing the race for a month so that I can go for an operation and recover.” 
Jordan sneered. “As they say, it takes a hundred days for bone fractures and muscle tears to heal. Are you sure you’ll be fine in just a month?” 
“Yes, I am.” Logan gritted his teeth and said, “Even if I’m not, I can still participate in the race.” 
Jordan said, “You should have already known when you first came here that no one can change their bets in our sportsbook. For racers like you, your bodies are also a type of gamble, yet you have the audacity to allow yourself to get hurt? You lost the last race, right? I heard that you’ve even sold your sports car. Are the Andersons unable to fork out that money?” 
Logan said stubbornly, “I’ll answer for my own actions. The Andersons and I are separate entities.” 
Jordan stood and said, “Good! I admire young men like you! Alright, I, Jordan, will help you out this time and personally go to the players to explain things to them. I’m sure they will relent on account of that.” 
Logan breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you!” 
Logan had only managed to pay off the huge losses from the last race by selling his sports car. Should he lose again, the bookies who had seen potential in him, as well as the people who had placed bets worth millions of dollars on him, would probably kill him! 
At this point, someone suddenly stepped forward and said, “I’ve found the information, Mr. Hoffman.” 
The man handed his cell phone with Nora’s profile displayed to Jordan. His eyes widened when he saw the word ‘Anderson’.
He let out a cold laugh and handed the phone back to his subordinate. Then, he suddenly lashed out at Logan and said, “I take back my words.” 
Logan, who was about to leave, was puzzled. 
His eyes widened abruptly and he looked back at him. 
Everyone in the underworld was afraid of Jordan. They found him boorish and unreasonable, but to be honest, after interacting with him for some time, Logan felt that he was actually a righteous and loyal man. It was just that he was a little protective of his own. 
He was only unreasonable when people he considered his own were involved. 
That was why he had come over to beg him for help. 
He asked hesitantly, “Mr. Hoffman?” 
Jordan asked, “How is Nora Smith related to you?” 
Logan clenched his jaw and answered, “She’s my cousin.” 
“Oh.” Jordan said very straightforwardly, “She has offended me. To be more precise, her daughter bullied my son. Therefore, I won’t be helping you anymore.” 
Logan was bewildered. 
He wanted to say something, but Jordan instead waved and ordered, “Get out.” 
A few of Jordan’s men immediately walked toward Logan. 
He would be doing him a favor by helping him out, but he wasn’t obligated to.
Logan didn’t fall out with him just because he suddenly decided not to help him. Instead, he nodded, turned around, and walked out of the room without needing anyone to take him out. 
When he reached the door, he heard Jordan at the back slowly say, “Don’t hold it against me. They scared my son so badly that he threw up. I have to let out my frustrations somewhere after all. If I don’t vent them on you, that woman named Nora Smith would have to suffer my wrath instead. Of course, you can choose to either let my wife beat her up to vent her anger, or choose to accept this situation.” 
Logan clenched his fists. 
Jordan looked at the investigation report. He said, “Judging from my investigation results, you’re probably not that close to her. You’re in a pretty miserable situation right now—if you lose the upcoming race, not only will you lose everything you have, but the bookies that will make huge losses probably won’t let you off, either. Based on my calculations, unless you fork out 50 million dollars to pay them back, you won’t be able to quell their anger. The Andersons probably won’t be able to repay a debt like that!” 
Logan immediately said, “I told you, Mr. Hoffman. The Andersons and I are separate entities!” 
Jordan casually took a seat. His muscles shook a little, and his voice was rough as he said, “That may work on me, but do you think it’ll also work on others when you’re an Anderson?” 
Logan broke into a frown. 
Gambling in the underworld didn’t operate on the usual rules. 
Jordan went on and asked, “Do you remember that boxing champion in the black market three years ago? He disappeared after he lost a match. Do you know where he is now?
“He died after someone secretly beat him up. His body was thrown into the sewer and eaten by rats after he died. On top of that, those people even went to his home. It’s said that his wife and children are begging on the streets even now.” 
Logan clenched his fists. 
Jordan smiled and said, “Of course, this won’t happen if you can get your foot injury healed within three days, or if you can find a racer who is even more skilled than you to help you win the race. 
“However, a racer like that doesn’t seem to exist in the States. As for the international scene, Yanci is the only one who can do that.” 
While the two were chatting, Jimmy’s mother came over with Jimmy. 
As soon as they entered the gym, the hot and stuffy atmosphere in the room immediately made Jimmy’s head hurt as if great tidal waves were churning in his head..
###Chapter 193: Yanci The Car Racer!
Chapter 193: Yanci The Car Racer! 
Jimmy instantly became as pale as a sheet. He held his head and then his chest. 
His mother noticed his unusual behavior very quickly. “What’s wrong, Jimmy?” 
The little boy couldn’t pinpoint where exactly he didn’t feel well, so he could only reply, “I feel so sick, Mommy.” 
Jimmy’s mother hurriedly hugged him. She couldn’t help but gripe, “It’s all Nora Smith’s fault! Of all things to say, why did she have to scare you like that?!” 
She was so anxious that her eyes were all red. She griped at Jordan and said, “I really don’t know who this boy takes after for him to be so timid. Come on, Mommy will tuck you into bed.” 
She scooped the pale Jimmy into her arms and took him to the bedroom upstairs. 
Jordan became even more furious when he saw how unwell little Jimmy was. 
He looked at Logan and said, “It still goes back to the same thing. Either I help you out—everyone will likely take a step back on my account and postpone the race for a month—but you must bring me that woman named Nora Smith and let me teach her a good lesson! Or, you get the hell out of here!” 
Logan clenched his fists. 
He stared at Jordan. After a short while, he finally replied coldly, “I’ll take my leave, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Logan limped out of the door. Jordan was still angry even after he left. The man beside him said, “Mr. Hoffman, that kid is a pretty righteous and honorable guy…”
Jordan snorted. “He can only count himself unlucky to have a cousin like that! Since I can’t make trouble for that woman, I can only make trouble for him, then!” 
However, after he said that, he lowered his head again and said, “Forget it. That kid is pretty interesting. Relay a message to everyone—the race three days later will go on as per normal, but he and the Andersons are separate entities.” 
This meant that he was going to protect the Andersons. 
The man nodded. “Yes, sir.” 
To be honest, Jordan actually wasn’t the most powerful man among the underworld forces. However, everyone trusted and believed in him because he was a righteous and loyal man who practiced boundaries in the way he did things. 
Take just now, for example. Even though he had vented his anger on Logan because of a woman, he had protected Logan’s family, nonetheless. 
Otherwise, if everyone charged over to the Andersons, the Andersons would be in trouble. 
— 
Logan left Jordan’s. After taking a few steps, someone called out to him from behind. He turned around to see that it was Jordan’s second-in-command. The man strode over and said, “Mr. Hoffman has just given the word that you and the Andersons are separate entities. I have no idea which part of you Mr. Hoffman took a fancy to.” 
Logan breathed a sigh of relief and nodded at the man. He said, “Please thank Mr. Hoffman for me.” 
Jordan’s second-in-command nodded. Then, he said, “You sure are unlucky, though. Why do you simply have to have a cousin like that? If you ask me, I’d say this would all be over if you just bring her here and
have her apologize to Mr. Hoffman and his wife. Why bother doing something like that instead?” 
Logan cast his eyes down and said nothing. 
The man went on and said, “I’ve already looked into it. Your cousin isn’t from an established family, so it shouldn’t matter that much to her whether she embarrasses herself or not, isn’t it?” 
However, as soon as he said that, Logan said, “Thank you very much for your help.” 
In other words, he had rejected Jordan’s second-in-command’s suggestion. 
The man’s expression darkened. “You don’t know what’s good for you, kid. She’d best either apologize or hope that the little mister gets well soon. Otherwise, Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman definitely won’t let her off if the little mister continues to be sick!” 
Logan nodded at him and left. 
Logan’s foot hadn’t recovered yet, so he couldn’t drive. He hailed a cab and instructed the driver to go to the villa where he was currently staying. 
However, when he reached the villa, he found that all his belongings had been thrown out. Someone was inside the villa and packing the place. The moment he got out of the car with a frown, someone said, “Oh hey, aren’t you Logan—The Racing King? You’ve come just in time. Why haven’t you moved out when you’ve already sold this villa to me?” 
Logan pressed his lips together tightly. 
The person who had bought his villa was none other than Winston, Jon Myers’ son!
Jon had been making things difficult for the Andersons all these years, in hopes that the Myers Peace Pharmacy would replace the Harmonia Pharmacy to become the top player in the traditional medicine industry in New York. 
Therefore, Winston had shown up immediately when he heard that Logan was selling his villa and car. 
He had bought his villa at a low price. 
The villa was located in the suburbs, so it was only worth three million dollars. 
However, not only did Winston only offer 1.5 million dollars for it, but he had even coerced Logan into the transaction because he needed the money urgently! It was clearly stated in the contract that he was to be given a month’s time to move out. 
He didn’t want to go back and live with the Andersons at the moment, lest they find out about his leg injury and worry about him. 
But why was he kicking him out now? 
Logan stepped forward with a frown and said, “Our contract clearly states that I’ll move out within a month. I signed the sale agreement with you only yesterday, didn’t I?” 
Winston lifted his head high and replied, “Yes, ‘within a month’ is right. A day’s time is also within a month, isn’t it? Are you planning to stay here and not move out?” 
Logan’s sharp gaze turned cold. “Don’t go too far, Winston!” 
“Don’t go too far?” Winston shrugged and said, “How exactly am I going too far? Isn’t it right, of course, that you move out after you sell your house to me? Besides, I’m planning to stay here soon, so I can only take your things for you first!”
As soon as he said that, someone rushed out of the villa and called out, “There’s a trophy here, Mr. Myers!” 
Winston looked over to see that it was Logan’s racing championship trophy. 
Logan’s eyes widened in shock when he saw the trophy. 
He had won that trophy when he participated in his very first race. 
His parents had always disapproved of car racing, so he’d only had a small celebration with his friends after he won the trophy. He had kept it carefully in his villa ever since. 
The trophy held a special meaning to him. 
He hastily stepped forward and said, “Give me that!” 
Winston also hastily said, “Yeah, that trophy is the first championship trophy that our Logan—The Racing King here ever won. I remember that he had beat the others by copying one of Yanci’s drifting techniques that time. That trophy holds great significance. You mustn’t break it! Here, Logan—The Racing King, hold it properly.” 
Logan stretched out his hand. He was about to take the trophy when Winston suddenly turned and smashed the trophy mercilessly against the rock next to him! 
Smash! 
The trophy shattered at once!
Logan’s eyes widened in horror. He turned to Winston abruptly, balled up his fist, and waved it at him. He shouted, “You must be sick of living, Winston!” 
But before he could charge toward Winston, two other men stopped him. 
Logan had always had a lot of physical strength, and he rarely suffered disadvantages in fights. In addition, he had always been ruthless ever since he was a child. However, one of his legs was injured, and he didn’t have any strength in it. He soon fell into a disadvantage. 
The men trapped Logan. He glared furiously at Winston. “You’re so shameless to kick a man while he’s down!” 
Winston, however, laughed and said, “I’ve already bought your villa. As for your car, will you sell it for three million dollars or not? I’ve already spread the word—no one will offer you a higher price than that!” 
Logan clenched his fists. 
At this moment, his cell phone suddenly rang..
###Chapter 194: The Hunts
Chapter 194: The Hunts 
Winston had made up his mind to buy Logan’s sports car at a low price. 
There were only twenty of that sports car model in the world. One could say that it was nigh impossible to get one’s hands on it. 
The car originally retailed at 20 million dollars, but because no one was selling it, people were willing to buy it even at 30 million dollars. 
Winston, however, was only offering three million dollars for it, which was just 10% of the price it could fetch! 
He wasn’t just kicking a man while he was down; rather, his actions were utterly despicable and shameless. 
It was exactly because he had given everyone in their circle a heads-up that Logan still hadn’t managed to sell his car even now. 
Logan was infuriated, but he really needed the money urgently. 
He clenched his jaw and said, “Even if I give it to someone else for free, I will never sell it to you! You don’t know a thing about sports cars!” 
Winston was only buying the sports car to show off. How would he possibly understand anything about it? 
To Logan, the roar of its engine was the most beautiful music movement in the world!
His words amused Winston, who then said, “Even three million dollars is too good a price for you. I’ll give you another minute to think about it. If you still don’t agree to it, then I will lower it to 1.5 million dollars! Three, two…” 
Before he could finish, though, Logan’s cell phone rang. 
Logan sat on the ground with bruises all over him, including on his face. He spat out a mouthful of bloody spittle and answered the phone. 
A voice came through the phone and said, “Logan, someone wants to buy your sports car!” 
Logan was surprised. He asked, “How much are they offering?” 
His words made Winston’s ears perk up, and the corners of his lips curled into a smile. 
Winston had gotten a few other people to offer to buy the car, but the prices they offered were even lower than his. In fact, some even offered only $150,000. 
He had done it entirely to humiliate Logan. 
Hence, he thought that the person offering to buy the car was also one of his friends. However, the next moment, the person on the phone said, “The buyer says that even though the car retailed at 20 million dollars and the market price has now reached 30 million dollars, you’re in urgent need of money, so he is willing to offer 25 million dollars.” 
25 million dollars! 
This was undoubtedly a reasonable offer! 
Logan heaved a huge sigh of relief and shouted, “Sold!” 
“Okay, I’ll transfer the car’s ownership rights to them right away!”
Logan got up from the ground after he hung up, and patted off the dust on his clothes. Even though he had been beaten up, the young man looked as wild and untamed as ever. He glanced at Winston, stretched out a finger, pointed at him, and said, “I will remember you.” 
His aura intimidated Winston for a moment, but right after, he came back to his senses and said, “Tsk. Do you think you’re still Logan—The Racing King? Do you think you can still call the shots in the underworld? What can you do even if you remember me?” 
Logan, however, didn’t pay any more attention to him. Instead, he picked up a few items that he cared about from the belongings that were thrown out. 
He only stayed at the villa occasionally, so he didn’t have many personal belongings inside anyway. He took a few award certificates and got into the car. 
He was going to transfer the car’s ownership now. 
Winston and the others continued to stand where they were after he left, so furious that they couldn’t speak. At last, Winston said, “Let’s go. Follow him and see who exactly is the one that dares to go against my wishes and buys his car!” 
The few of them followed after Logan. 
At the Department of Motor Vehicles. 
Logan gazed at Little Yellow, stroking it only after he washed his hands. 
He had received the car as a reward after he won the championship when he was seventeen. Since then, the title of ‘Logan—The Racing King’ had stuck to him. 
He had regarded Little Yellow as his treasure ever since.
He, who loved the car like his life itself, had never had a girlfriend, yet he had taken care of the car with all his heart. 
But he knew that Little Yellow wasn’t his anymore from this moment onward. 
He looked at the man who had bought the car—Sean—and said seriously, “I hope its new owner will treat it kindly.” 
Sean gave his glasses a push, nodded, and replied, “Don’t worry.” 
Mr. Hunt had bought the car for the little mister! 
It would take ten years before the little mister grew up, so they would definitely be treating it kindly—after all, it was going to stay in the innermost section of the garage. 
The two men entered the Department of Motor Vehicles. The moment they came out after finishing the transfer procedures, they saw Winston walking over with a group of people with great momentum. 
Winston stood in Sean’s way and asked, “Buddy, where are you from? Didn’t you receive our notice?” 
Sean looked at the people in front of him. He pushed his glasses and replied, “I did. So?” 
Winston, “?” 
Winston was outraged “How dare you still mess up our plans after you received it! Do you know who the one backing us up is?” 
Winston had never relied on the Myerses to back him up. 
After all, like the Andersons, the Myerses might be well-known in the pharmaceutical industry, but they were nothing in New York itself.
The people backing him up were an underworld force that even Jordan Hoffman had to show courtesy to. 
Upon hearing what he said, Logan couldn’t just stand by idly anymore. He stepped forward and said, “Buddy, these people aren’t to be messed with. If you want to back out, I can return the money to you.” 
He mustn’t implicate other people. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as he said that, Sean took off his glasses. He folded them carefully, put them in the glasses case, and then put the case in his pocket. 
“Come with me,” he said. 
Winston and the others followed after him and left the Department of Motor Vehicles. The few of them entered a small alley at the side. 
Logan frowned. 
As soon as they entered the alley, Sean suddenly stood still, turned around, and beckoned at the few of them. 
Winston and the others charged toward him at once. 
Logan panicked. 
That man looked so polite and down-to-earth. Neither did he look strong enough. Could he really handle them? 
The thought had only just formed in his mind when he saw the man, who had still looked so polite and gentle the last moment, suddenly throw his fist out. As though Winston and the others were just little kids, he gave them all a punch each and fell them all neatly and slickly.
Sean’s movements seemed structured and systematic—he had likely trained in martial arts before. 
Winston and the others fell onto the ground, groaning and moaning in pain. 
They were ultimately just your average punks. Winston yelled, “Do you know who we are? How dare you hit us just like that!” 
Sean took out his glasses case from his pocket unhurriedly after he beat them up. He took out the microfiber cloth and cleaned his glasses before putting them back on. 
After putting them back on, he took out a piece of wet tissue, wiped his fingers, and tossed it onto Winston’s face before he replied, “I know who you are.” 
Winston, “!” 
He became even angrier. “How dare you hit us when you know who we are! How impertinent! Who exactly are you? Tell us who you are if you have the guts! Our boss will hunt you down!” 
Sean let out an ‘oh’ before he answered coldly, “The Hunts.” 
“…” 
— 
Logan was still somewhat dazed when he went home. 
As it turned out, it was the Hunts who had helped him out. No wonder they had the guts to ignore that man and offer him 25 million dollars for his car. 
It was just that Justin Hunt had never been interested in sports cars, so who had he bought it for?
He entered the Andersons’ villa. He was about to go up the stairs when he suddenly saw Nora coming out of her room. She was yawning lazily and holding her cell phone.. A voice rang out from the phone and said, “Mommy, I managed to buy a Little Yellow!”
###Chapter 195: Jimmy Is In Danger!
Chapter 195: Jimmy Is In Danger! 
Logan, “” 
Little Yellow? 
While he was wondering about it, Nora replied, “Oh.” 
The voice on the phone then said, “But I like pink! So I’m going to paint it pink~” 
“It’s up to you.” 
Nora only noticed Logan after she uttered the few words. She was taken aback. 
The boy stood where he was, casually, with his hands in his pockets. Although one couldn’t tell the condition of his body, there were injuries on his face. 
He had a bruise at the corner of his mouth and a band-aid on his nose. 
They added a little more of that wild and untamed feeling to the youth. It was just that he had a somewhat hostile look in his eyes at the moment. 
Nora turned off the phone. She thought that the look in the boy’s eyes was because she was blocking his way upstairs, so she stepped aside and gave way to him. 
Logan limped up the stairs after he saw her stepping to the side. When he was walking past her, Nora suddenly asked, “Hasn’t your foot healed yet?”
She seemed to recall that something was already wrong with Logan’s foot when he came home the other time? 
The boy was a car racer, so both his hands and feet were equally important. Could he drive a sports car in that condition? 
She was wondering about that when the young man looked over fiercely with anger in his eyes and snapped, “It’s none of your business!” 
Nora, “?” 
Logan really was rather mad. 
Even though he had bailed her out at Mr. Hoffman’s, he was ultimately still just a teenager, so it was inevitable that he would be resentful about it. He couldn’t help but ask, “Do you know how much trouble you can bring to others with a single sentence of yours?” 
Nora, “” 
She had only just woken up, so she was still rather sleepy and didn’t know what Logan meant at all. However, the boy didn’t seem like someone who would lash out at others for no reason, so she asked hesitantly, “What’s the matter?” 
Logan thought of the whole mess and ultimately said nothing about it. He replied, “It’s nothing. Just manage your own affairs properly and it’ll do.” 
He went upstairs after saying that. 
Nora, “…” 
Tsk.
What a brat. He must have come back to vent his frustrations after suffering injustice outside. 
She went downstairs, poured herself a glass of water, and then went back upstairs with the glass. As soon as she went back up, she received a call from an unknown number. When she answered, Mrs. Hoffman’s voice reached her through the voice. She said, “I’m not going to let matters rest this time, Ms. Smith!” 
Nora, “?” 
Mrs. Hoffman sounded as if she was crying as she said, “My son was so scared by what you said that he threw up again. He only fell asleep after taking a tranquilizer pill. Even though Logan has shouldered the blame for you, if anything should happen to my son, I will never let you off!” 
She hung up right away after saying that. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Logan had shouldered the blame for her… What kind of blame had he shouldered for her? 
Now wasn’t the time to be thinking of that, though. 
He had thrown up again… 
From the looks of it, the boy was in terrible condition! 
The woman, who had never been one to be nosy, merely thought about it for a moment before she got onto the bed and lay down. However, she still felt rather uneasy. 
Pete came out of the shower a while later. After he got onto the bed, he asked hesitantly, “Mommy, will Jimmy be okay?” 
Nora was surprised. She asked, “Are you on very good terms with him?”
Pete nodded. “He likes Cherry very much. There was once I didn’t manage to grab an apple during mealtime, but he had managed to grab two, so he gave me one.” 
Nora closed her eyes. “Mm. Go to sleep now.” 
Pete closed his eyes. 
Ten minutes later, Nora suddenly opened her eyes. She ruffled her hair, sat up in annoyance, and said, “Pete, Jimmy isn’t in good condition tonight. I’ll go and take a look at him.” 
Pete nodded. 
Nora picked up her cell phone, hacked into the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten’s computer system, and found Jimmy’s address. After that, she got up, changed into a set of black clothes, and left the house. 
As she drove the jeep along the quiet streets, she felt that she must be out of her mind. 
She didn’t know why she was being so nosy this time, either. 
To be honest, she had already done her duty as a doctor when she warned them time and again previously. 
Besides, Jimmy’s mother didn’t look like she was someone easy to get along with. However, Jimmy was innocent; he was only five. 
It was already midnight by the time she arrived at the Hoffmans’ clubhouse. 
She stopped the car and tried to enter. However, someone stopped her at the door and asked, “Who are you looking for?”
Nora revealed her identity and replied, “I’m Nora. I’m here to look for Jimmy’s mother. Alternatively, his father would also do.” 
The man asked Nora to wait while he went in to report her arrival. Soon, he came back out and told her to go in. 
Nora followed the few men into the gym. 
The environment was very dark, and even the light in there was yellowish. The whole room was very dim. 
Nightlife in the underworld had only just begun, so Jordan was full of energy. Muscles bulged on his upper body, which was naked. He looked at Nora’s tiny physique and sneered, “Huh, did Logan abandon you in the end after all?” 
Nora didn’t understand what he was saying. She merely said, “Jimmy’s father, I came here to tell you that Jimmy has encephalitis. If he continues to vomit and becomes unconscious, I’m afraid he will be in great danger!” 
Jordan, “?” 
He sneered and stood up. “Are you crazy? You’ve already come all the way here, yet you’re still saying that? Are you more amazing than the doctors in the hospital?” 
Nora shook her head. She replied slowly and earnestly, “No, that’s not the case, because the doctors may not know that his head hurts. Moreover, Jimmy is very young, so he can’t express his symptoms clearly. It was just my guess in the beginning, too; that’s why I told his mother to send him for a lumbar puncture. However, I’ve basically confirmed the diagnosis now.” 
Jordan narrowed his eyes.
Mrs. Hoffman had already come downstairs after she heard the news. Upon hearing what Nora said, she was so furious that she came forward with her fists brandished to hit her. 
“How dare you come here! Nora Smith, are you naive or just fearless?” 
Nora took a step back and dodged her fists. She said, “Calm down, Jimmy’s mom.” 
“Calm down, my a*s! Jimmy was crying and kicking up a fuss in the evening just now. If it weren’t because the doctor had prescribed him tranquilizers that helped him to sleep, he would definitely be even more scared now! He’s having convulsions now because your words scared him so much! You’d best behave and let me beat you up. If you dare so much as to duck again, I will make sure you and Cherry won’t be able to attend school anymore!” 
Nora frowned and said, “It’s not your call whether Cherry can attend school or not, but your son is in great danger now!” 
“You’re trying to scare us again! Fine, you claim to be a doctor, right? Which hospital are you working as a doctor at? Can you show me your license?” 
“… I didn’t bring it with me.” 
She didn’t have the habit of bringing Anti’s doctor’s license around with her. After all, she only performed two operations a month. 
Mrs. Hoffman sneered, “You didn’t bring it with you? I bet you don’t have one at all!” 
She gave a wave after she said that. Men around them came forward and surrounded Nora. She said, “Since you have the guts to come all the way here, I’ll let you come in on your feet but sent out on your back!”
Nora, “?” 
She balled up her fists and narrowed her eyes. 
At this point, hurried footsteps came over and someone shouted, “Mrs.. Hoffman, something terrible has happened!”
###Chapter 196: So, Nora Smith Was Right!
Chapter 196: So, Nora Smith Was Right! 
Mrs. Hoffman was startled to hear that. She frowned and asked, “What happened? Did he wake up in fear again?” 
After saying that, she didn’t have the luxury of bothering with Nora anymore, so she turned around and walked out. 
Jordan also followed closely behind the few of them. Jimmy was his only son, after all, so he cared very much about him. 
Nora wanted to follow them up the stairs but was stopped. Someone said, “You can’t go up there, Ms. Smith!” 
Nora’s brows were drawn together, and she was rather anxious. 
This was a moment of life and death! 
Nora didn’t have the luxury of caring that much anymore. She reached out, hooked her arm around the man’s, and pulled him over forcefully at once. She threw him over her shoulder and flipped him onto the ground. 
The rest of the thugs rushed toward her one by one at the sight. 
Nora stretched out her leg and kicked one of them away. The man, who had been sent flying sideways, blocked the rest of the people rushing toward her, which allowed her to run upstairs. 
As soon as she went up, she heard Mrs. Hoffman screaming shrilly, “Jimmy! Jimmy, wake up! Wake up!”
The nanny next to them was also shouting anxiously, “Jimmy, Jimmy…! What’s wrong with him, Mrs. Hoffman?” 
Jordan yelled, “Get out of the way! Call 911! Hurry!” 
Nora’s eyes widened in horror. She rushed straight to the room and saw Jimmy lying on a clean bed in the brightly-lit room. He was foaming at the mouth and convulsing. 
Mrs. Hoffman touched his forehead and exclaimed, “Why is he so warm?! Jordan, hurry up and call 911!” 
Nora rushed over anxiously. Jordan, who was on the phone, noticed her. He frowned at once and was about to speak when Nora bypassed him and stood at Jimmy’s bed. 
Jordan was furious. “You—” 
But before he could finish, Nora ordered coldly, “Get out of the way!” 
Mrs. Hoffman was dumbfounded. 
Nora grabbed her by the arm. Then, she looked at the nanny and instructed, “Get me some diluted alcohol to lower his temperature.” 
Then, she immediately pulled Jimmy’s eyelids up skillfully and checked his eyes—the boy’s pupils were already dilating. She didn’t have the luxury of caring that much anymore. She immediately took out a pill from her pocket, tore off the tinfoil, and fed it to Jimmy! 
Mrs. Hoffman finally came back to her senses at this point. She rushed over and shouted, “What did you feed Jimmy?!” 
Nora looked at her coldly. “If you continue to stop me, your son will die!” 
Her calm and steady voice, as well as her words, made Mrs. Hoffman dumbfounded.
Seeing that she finally wasn’t coming forward anymore, Nora took the diluted alcohol from the nanny and physically cooled the boy’s temperature. 
The bodyguards at the door rushed up at this point and said, “Mr. Hoffman! Nora, she—” 
Before he could finish, he was stunned by the sight of Nora repeatedly torturing Jimmy. 
Jordan, whose eyes were red, glared at Nora menacingly. However, he suddenly said, “Let her do it. Nora, if anything happens to my son, I won’t let you off!” 
The bodyguards finally retreated. 
The long-overdue ambulance finally came. By the time the paramedics came upstairs, Jimmy had already fallen into a deep sleep. His breathing had also become much more even, and he looked much better. 
Worried about their son, Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman hurriedly followed them into the ambulance. 
It was only after they got into the ambulance that they realized that Nora had already left at some point. Mrs. Hoffman frowned. “Why did she leave?” 
The nanny replied, “It seems like she only left after she saw that the ambulance was here.” 
Mrs. Hoffman bit her lip. 
Jordan said, “It’s fine. She may have left, but her home is still there! If anything happens to Jimmy, I will look for the Andersons!” 
Mrs. Hoffman nodded. She gritted her teeth and said, “There’s the kindergarten, too. She can run, but she can’t hide! Besides, even if she did save Jimmy’s life, he was sick in the first place because of her!”
Jordan nodded. 
The group of them finally arrived at the hospital. By the time the doctor came over, Jimmy was already awake and muttering about having a headache. 
A nurse said, “Doctor, he had already undergone professional first aid measures by the time we went over. That person also told me that we must conduct a lumbar puncture on the patient.” 
A lumbar puncture… 
Something clicked in the doctor’s head at once and he said, “Don’t bother with the brain CT and MRI for now. Perform a lumbar puncture on him right away instead!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
After the staff took Jimmy away, the doctor also left to attend to his duties. 
It was only at daybreak that the doctor finally walked out of the ward while wiping his perspiration. Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman went up to him at once and asked, “Doctor, how is my son?” 
The doctor took a deep breath and held their hands excitedly. He asked, “Who performed first aid on the child? What exactly did she feed him?” 
Mrs. Hoffman flew into a rage at once. “What’s wrong? Did something bad happen because of what he was fed? Ahhh!! I’m going to kill her!” 
Jordan also panicked. He asked, “Doctor, what exactly is going on? Is there something wrong with that pill? My son was having convulsions because she scared him so badly!” 
The doctor was dumbfounded at how agitated the two of them were. He said, “Convulsions from fright? What nonsense! The child has acute meningitis! If it weren’t for the person who saved him in time, the
child would probably be dead now!” 
The doctor then went on and said, “I’m just very curious about the medicine she fed the child. To think it’s so amazing! The fever had already subsided by the time the child was sent to the hospital. His condition had mostly also stabilized by then. They basically saved his life!” 
“…” 
— 
At the Andersons’. 
By the time Nora got home after the whole hullabaloo the night before, it was already one o’clock in the morning. 
After washing up, she slept all the way until noon the following day, where she was woken up by people knocking on the door downstairs. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
The banging on the door was deafening, as if some kind of underworld force was at their doorstep. 
Nora got out of bed lazily. The moment she exited her bedroom, she saw Logan going down the stairs quickly. He went to the door and opened it. When he saw Jordan, who was wearing a thick gold chain around his neck, at the door, he was utterly stunned. “Mr. Hoffman? Why are you here?” 
Jordan stared at Logan. After a long silence, he finally asked, “Where is Nora Smith?” 
Logan narrowed his eyes. He blocked the way in at once and said, “Mr. Hoffman, she’s just a woman. Come at me if there’s anything you want.”
Jordan thought of what his subordinates had reported to him the night before—she had beaten up five or six of them all by herself and rushed up the stairs after that. The corners of his lips suddenly spasmed a little and he replied, “She’s not just any ordinary woman.” 
Logan’s misunderstanding deepened even further. He said, “Which part of her isn’t ordinary? Mr. Hoffman, just come at me if there’s anything you want…” 
However, the men behind Jordan pushed him away. The group of them entered the villa with great momentum, alarming the elderly Mrs. Anderson upstairs so badly that even she came out and asked, “What’s going on? Huh? Logan…” 
Logan’s brows drew together tightly as he watched Jordan walking toward Nora, who was upstairs. 
The woman even yawned. Obviously, she had just woken up and was completely unaware that danger was descending upon her! 
He immediately went forward anxiously to stop them, but…
###Chapter 197: The Race!
Chapter 197: The Race! 
Jordan, the big and rough boor, bowed at Nora and said, “Ms. Smith!” 
Logan, “” 
Utterly astounded by the sight, he felt like his eyes were about to fall out of their sockets. 
Nora waved casually and asked, “Yeah. Is Jimmy alright now?” 
Jordan was exceptionally respectful toward her. He replied, “He’s fine now. His mother wanted to come over and apologize to you in person, but Jimmy is still hospitalized for now, so she can’t come over for the time being. This is all her fault for not appreciating your kindness. Don’t worry, Ms. Smith, I will definitely teach her a good lesson!” 
Nora raised her brows when she heard what he said. 
Sure enough, the next moment, Jordan explained, “To be honest, this incident resulted from our negligence as parents. We didn’t expect that Jimmy couldn’t explain his symptoms clearly due to his young age, so he didn’t express them clearly to the doctor even when we brought him to the hospital, which ended up delaying his treatment in the beginning. Sigh! It’s fortunate that you came to my place last night. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have been able to save Jimmy this time! By the way, the hospital asked about the pill that you fed Jimmy last night. They want to buy a batch of it…” 
Nora yawned and replied, “You can contact my uncle with regard to that.” 
Simon was in charge of all of Harmonia Pharmacy’s matters. 
Jordan immediately nodded and said, “Okay, no problem!” 
Nora nodded. When she saw that Jordan was still staring at her, she asked hesitantly, “Is there anything else?” 
Jordan immediately shook his head. “No, there’s nothing else. You saved Jimmy’s life, Ms. Smith. If there’s anything you need in the future, I, Jordan, will do anything you ask!” 
“… Oh, okay.” Nora paused for a moment before she yawned again. Then, she said, “Okay, I’m going to sleep.” 
She turned to enter the bedroom but instead saw Pete standing there and looking at her expectantly. He let out a silent sigh and said, “Mommy.” 
Nora, “?” 
It was only then that she remembered what had happened to Pete. Thus, she said to Jordan, “By the way, Mr. Hoffman, can you ask your wife to withdraw her complaint against Pete… I mean Cherry, and let her return to school?” 
Jordan nodded at once. “No problem! The Hoffmans will cover Cherry’s tuition fees in the future!” 
“… You don’t need to do that.” 
“Don’t stand on ceremony, Ms. Smith. Also, I will get Jimmy to protect Cherry in school in the future, so that no one will bully her!” 
Pete, “…” 
He quietly packed his schoolbag, slung it over his shoulders, and went downstairs. Then, he asked the Andersons’ chauffeur, “Mister, can you take me to the kindergarten?”
Nora, “…” 
Nora went back into her bedroom to sleep after the little fellow left. 
Logan and Jordan were the only ones left flabbergasted downstairs. 
Jordan walked over casually to Logan and patted him on the shoulder. He sighed and said, “Boy, we need to give a notice of at least three days in advance if we want to postpone a race. We’ve already missed the deadline today. How about this? I’ll try and contact Yanci for you and see if he’s willing to come back and help you take part in the race. If he isn’t willing to do it, then you’ll have to prepare 50 million dollars. I’ll guarantee your safety after the race.” 
In the past, the Andersons would definitely be able to fork out 50 million dollars. 
But now… 
Logan knew that Jordan had already tried his best, though, so he nodded. 
Before they left, Logan asked, “What’s going on between you and Nora, Mr. Hoffman?” 
Jordan gave him a simple recount of what had happened and then left. 
After he left, Logan went upstairs. Before going into his bedroom, he glanced at the bedroom where Nora was. 
He knew that Nora was a doctor, but he didn’t expect her to actually be so skilled that she could save Jordan’s son. 
Logan looked at his ankle… He wondered if Nora could heal his injury?
But even if she could, there was no way she could do it anymore at the moment. 
The race was in two days. They really didn’t have any more time to waste. He would just ask her again after the race instead. 
With that in mind, Logan entered his room. 
He mustn’t just sit around and do nothing. 
Given his ankle’s condition, he would definitely lose if he took part in the race. 
He sat up and took out his computer. He found Yanci’s email address and sent her an email: ‘Yanci, may I know if you’re interested in racing competitions held in the US?’ 
He lay down on the bed after he sent the email. Then, he suddenly received a call from Jordan. Jordan’s voice was very loud as he said, “It suddenly occurred to me that I may have a way to contact Yanci. How about this? I’ll contact him for you.” 
Logan replied, “I just sent him an email, but I don’t know if he’ll come.” 
Jordan said in a friendly manner, “Let me do it instead. I’m a little more familiar with him than you are. After all, we’ve talked before.” 
When he said that they had talked before, he was referring to their email correspondence in the past. 
Logan was very grateful to him. He said, “Okay. Thank you, Mr. Hoffman.” 
“You’re welcome.” 
— 
At the Hunts’.
“Wow, Little Yellow is so eye-catching!” 
Cherry circled Logan’s sports car and inspected it excitedly. Sean watched the little mister from the side. He couldn’t but keep feeling there was something off with him lately. 
He asked respectfully, “Shall we put the car in the garage?” 
“No!” 
Cherry said childishly, “I wanna change its color!” 
Sean nodded. 
He didn’t find yellow that attractive a color, either. It was too ostentatious and not low-key enough. Neither did it conform to Mr. Hunt’s sense of aesthetics. Having it changed to black, white, or gray sounded like a pretty good idea. 
He was about to suggest it when Cherry declared, “I want it changed to pink, yeah!” 
Sean, “?” 
He was taken aback for a moment. He stared at ‘Pete’ in disbelief and uttered, “What?” 
“Pink, yeah!” 
Cherry skipped back home after saying that. Sean followed behind her. When they entered the room together, Justin had just finished processing a few documents and was walking out. 
When the two met, Sean suddenly said, “Mr. Hunt, Pete just told me to change the color of the sports car to pink. What do you…” 
Justin smiled and replied, “Okay, do as he says.”
“…” 
Sean was stunned. 
Mr. Hunt, are you serious? Are you sure you want to raise the little mister into a little princess?! 
While he was dumbfounded, he saw Justin walking over to Cherry. He bent over, picked her up, and asked, “Shall Daddy play Barbies with you today?” 
“Okay! Daddy’s the best, yeah!” 
Sean, “…” 
Sean swallowed hard. Then, he looked at Justin and recounted to him what he’d encountered earlier that day. Justin, who was about to leave, paused for a moment. 
Cherry said, “Did someone bully Uncle Logan? Daddy, let’s help him! Even though Uncle Logan pretends to be cool all the time, he’s actually very nice!” 
When Justin heard what she said, he looked at Cherry dotingly and asked, “Do you want to watch car racing?” 
Cherry nodded repeatedly. 
Justin looked at Sean and said, “Get two tickets ready.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Elsewhere, when Pete got home, Nora said, “There’s an underground car race in two days.. Do you want to go and watch?”
###Chapter 198: Cherry’s Father Is Justin Hunt!
Chapter 198: Cherry’s Father Is Justin Hunt! 
“… Okay, let’s.” 
At the sight of Nora staring at him expectantly, Pete gave a resigned reply. To be honest, he wasn’t very interested in such things. 
It was rare to see Mommy interested in something other than sleeping, though, so he would just accompany her there. 
The next day. 
Pete went to school. 
Jimmy was still hospitalized, so he didn’t come to class. The children were still very concerned about Pete. 
“Cherry, Jimmy is still unwell. His mother won’t let your mother off. You have to be careful!” 
“Cherry, will you have to drop out of school when Jimmy returns? I’m so worried about you~” 
Their kindness warmed Pete’s heart very much. He said, “Don’t worry. Everything is fine…” 
But right after he spoke, he met Mia’s curious eyes, so he quietly added, “… yeah.” 
The other children didn’t believe him, though. 
“How can that be? I heard that the big tiger in Jimmy’s house is really fierce and menacing. It can eat a child with each bite!”
“I’ve also heard about it! They say Jimmy’s mother is a tigress, and that his father has three legs, four arms, and five pairs of eyes! He’s even fiercer than a tiger!” 
Some of the children even started to cry. “Cherry, I can’t bear to part with you. Sob…” 
Pete, “…” 
Was it really alright for children to be so ignorant? 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. He was about to speak when Mia said, “Don’t worry, everyone. Cherry will be fine, yeah!” 
“Why?” 
“Because Cherry’s father is Justin Hunt! Jimmy’s father is afraid of Cherry’s father!” 
Mia replied innocently. 
“Really?” 
The other adorable children congratulated him one by one. 
“Have you found your Daddy, Cherry? That’s great!” 
“Wow, Cherry, so you have a father. I always thought that you didn’t have one. Did your mommy give birth to you with a rock?” 
“Huh? Wasn’t Cherry given to her mom as a gift with purchase? When I asked Mom who Cherry’s dad was, she told me that her mom got her free of charge when she bought something!” 
Pete was rendered speechless by how everyone was digressing from the topic.
However, there were also some who didn’t believe it. They asked, “Cherry, is your father really Justin Hunt?” 
Pete wanted to deny it, but when he met Mia’s innocent eyes, he could only silently reply, “I guess you can say that.” 
As Justin’s son, Pete had always taken his safety very seriously ever since he was a baby. 
He didn’t have any bodyguards with him here, so he mustn’t expose his identity so casually! 
The bell finally rang, and the children scattered. 
Mia sat next to Pete and asked softly, “Don’t you like your father, Cherry?” 
Pete nodded. “Yeah, the tyrant is too fierce.” 
Mia rested her chin on her hands and said, “Your father won’t be so fierce anymore if you become a girl~” 
Pete was taken aback. “Why?” he asked. 
Mia looked at him and replied, “Because that’s what my father says. He says that girls should be pampered and brought up lovingly! You must have gone to your father as a boy, right?” 
Pete, “?” 
So, was the tyrant so strict and harsh on him because he was a boy? 
After class. 
A few children from the higher grade came to the classroom.
The person leading them was very big and well-built, which made him look very domineering. A few people followed behind him. 
The height difference between children who were even just a year older was very obvious. Moreover, Pete had always been in rather poor health all these years because he had stopped breathing once when he was an infant, so he was about the same height as Cherry. Therefore, those children were a whole half a head taller than Pete. 
They gathered in front of Pete. The one leading them pushed Pete and said, “I heard that you bullied Jimmy? I’m so happy to hear that!” 
Pete frowned. “I didn’t.” 
“What didn’t you do? Do you know who I am?” The burly kid said, “My father is Paul Quinlan. He’s enemies with Jimmy’s father! It makes me happy that you bullied him! I hereby announce that you can be my little sidekick from now on.” 
Pete, “?” 
He looked at the person in front of him lazily, bypassed him from the side, and said, “I’m not interested.” 
The child immediately grabbed his sleeve and said, “You’re Cherry Smith, right? Don’t you dare think that I won’t beat you up just because you’re a girl. Do you know how great an honor it is to be my sidekick? I heard that you don’t have a father, right? Do you know who my father is?” 
Pete, “” 
The child patted his chest and said, “My name is Terence Quinlan, and my father, Paul Quinlan, is even more impressive than Jordan Hoffman! He’s very amazing! If you choose to follow me, you won’t have to
be afraid of Jimmy’s father anymore! You can ask the people behind me—who doesn’t know that I’m the most awesome around these parts?” 
Pete, “…” 
Mia took a step forward and said, “Terence, you’re not allowed to bully Cherry!” 
Terence looked at her and curled his lip disdainfully. He said, “Go away, you invalid! It’s only on account of your father that I’m not holding it against you. Otherwise, I’d have beaten you up long ago!” 
As he spoke, he pushed Mia and said, “You invalid! My father said that out of everyone in the entire kindergarten, your father is the only one he’ll show some courtesy to, so he told me not to bully you. But everyone else has to listen to me! Heh, I heard your father has driven away your mother, though? You’re now a motherless child! Your father will marry another woman after this. When they have a few sons, you’ll become an illegitimate daughter, and your father won’t care about you anymore!” 
Mia stumbled quite a few steps backward before she finally steadied herself. 
Upon hearing that her mother had been driven away and that she would become an illegitimate daughter, Mia’s eyes reddened and she said, “That’s not true. Don’t you spout nonsense.” 
Pete frowned and stepped in front of Mia. He said, “Apologize to her!” 
Terence sneered, “Who do you think you are? You don’t even have a father. What makes you think I should listen to you and apologize to her?” 
Pete was about to speak when Brandon rushed over and said, “Terence, his father is Justin Hunt! He’s someone that even your father cannot afford to offend!”
A look of disbelief appeared on Terence’s chubby face. Then, he guffawed and said, “Are you daydreaming? Justin Hunt…? Don’t you even think a little before you brag? Or do you think you can scare me with just a few words? I’m not a three or four-year-old kid anymore!” 
Mia pouted and said, “His father really is Justin Hunt!” 
Terence sneered, “That’s impossible! My father said that Justin Hunt only has a son, and he keeps him super protected. He has bodyguards with him everywhere he goes, and no one can see what he looks like! Cherry is a girl, so how can she possibly be Justin Hunt’s child?” 
Mia got anxious and argued, “Cherry is a boy today!” 
Terence burst into loud, raucous laughter at once. He said, “By the way, didn’t they say that Cherry can become a boy? I can’t believe you guys will actually believe something like that! You’re so naive! So, Cherry Smith, your father is Justin Hunt, right? Do you dare to call him right now?” 
“Why not?” 
Without a second thought, Brandon stood beside Pete and said, “Cherry, call your father now!”
###Chapter 199: Justin Hunt’s Daughter
Chapter 199: Justin Hunt’s Daughter 
“Yes, that’s right!” Mia anxiously took out her cell phone and looked at Pete. She said, “Cherry, what’s your father’s phone number? I’ll call him for you!” 
Pete, “?” 
He didn’t want to do it. After all, his parents hadn’t acknowledged each other yet. It probably wasn’t a good idea to just call Justin like that. 
For a moment, he kept quiet. 
Terence immediately laughed and said, “Hah, did you see that? He doesn’t dare to call him! Cherry, you’re just bragging! It’s impossible for your father to be Justin Hunt!” 
“It’s true!” Mia’s eyes were red. Her father had told her that. There was no way there would be any mistake about it. 
Besides, she was the one who said that Justin was Cherry’s father. It had nothing to do with Cherry at all. Even if there really was a mistake, it wasn’t because Cherry was bragging but because she was mistaken instead. 
Yet, she didn’t know how to explain herself and ended up panicking. 
Terence looked at her. “What are you being so anxious for? It’s as if you’re his wife. How would you know who his father is?” 
“I just do!” Mia had always been a pushover. This was the first time she was being so aggressive. She insisted, “Cherry wasn’t bragging! Neither did she lie!” 
Terence scoffed and said, “You little liar. You lie even about your own affairs. Your mother was rejected by your father, yet you insist that it isn’t true… Little illegitimate daughter, if you’re that impressive, then why don’t you get Cherry to give us the phone number?!” 
Mia was about to cry. Just as she was about to say something, Pete stepped forward and said coolly, “212XXXXXXX.” 
“…” 
The place fell quiet for a moment. 
Terence looked at Pete. “Cherry, what do you mean by that?” 
Pete didn’t look at him but at Mia instead. “That’s my Daddy’s phone number. You weren’t lying.” 
Mia finally came back to her senses. She hurriedly dialed the number on her cell phone. 
“Toot… toot… toot…” 
Mia and Brandon both held their breaths together with the dial tone. 
Even Terence was keeping quiet. For a while, the atmosphere around them became very quiet. 
However, after the phone rang three times, the recipient didn’t answer but rejected the call instead. 
“Beep… beep… beep…” 
“…” 
Mia was dumbfounded.
Brandon was also stunned. 
Terence, however, burst into laughter and said, “You saw that, right? You were just giving us some random number! The recipient didn’t even pick up! Cherry, you’re a wild child without a father! You don’t have a father at all!” 
Mia, who was panicking, dialed the number again. 
However, after it rang a few times, a message instead played: “The number you have dialed does not exist…” 
Mia’s phone number had been blocked! 
Mia, “…” 
Brandon was also dumbfounded. He asked, “Cherry, what’s the matter with your father?” 
Pete replied very calmly, “My father doesn’t answer calls from strangers.” 
Brandon believed him immediately. “I see, so that’s how it is!” 
Mia also nodded. “Oh, that’s true. My father doesn’t answer calls from strangers, either!” 
People of Justin’s and Joel’s class all owned private phone numbers. It was standard protocol for them to reject calls from strangers on their private phone numbers. 
Additionally, in the case of people like them, apart from their family and other people of the same class as them, others rarely were able to get a hold of their private phone numbers. 
While they were talking, Terence sneered, “Of course, my father doesn’t answer calls from strangers, either. But why don’t you use your own cell phone to call him? Cherry, it’s because you know everyone has that habit that you deliberately said that, right? The number you gave us isn’t Justin Hunt’s at all!”
“212XXXXXXX,” said Pete again suddenly. Then, he asked, “Have you remembered it?” 
Terence curled his lip disdainfully. “What?” 
Pete said coolly, “Your father should have my father’s private phone number. You can go home and confirm it with your dad after you remember it. You’ll see after that.” 
Terence, “?” 
He was taken aback for a moment, but right after that, he sneered, “I get it now—you’re stalling for time! But even if you gloss it over today, you’ll still be a wild child without a father tomorrow! Hmph, I’ll go home and cross-check the phone numbers right now!” 
Terence turned around and led the group of children away after he spoke. 
To be honest, he was actually a little scared that Justin Hunt would really turn out to be Cherry’s father. If that happened, things would become troublesome. 
His father had warned him several times not to mess with the two children from the Smiths in school. Additionally, he wasn’t to mess with children from the Hunts, either. It was just that the Hunts didn’t send their children to the school, so he wasn’t that worried about it. 
After Terence left, Mia and Brandon looked at Pete. Mia asked timidly, “Cherry, did I cause trouble for you…” 
If she hadn’t revealed Cherry’s father’s information in school, Terence and the others wouldn’t have known about it at all. 
It was indeed troublesome.
Pete, who was a little troubled, glanced at Mia—only to see that the tiny little girl’s pointed, oval-shaped face and big eyes were filled with a look of tentativeness. 
This made Pete calmly reply, “It’s not a big deal.” 
After he said that, Tanya called out to him from a distance, “Cherry, come for your dance class! Stop dilly- dallying. You’re about to be late!” 
Pete, “…” 
He massaged his temples and walked toward the dance studio with a headache. 
When exactly was Cherry switching back with him? 
As he walked over, he suddenly looked back—sure enough, he saw a look of envy all over Mia’s face. 
Tanya was also looking at Mia when Pete walked up to her. 
The little fellow looked at her timidly, unable to conceal the longing in her eyes. It made an indescribable sense of acerbity well up at the depths of her heart. 
Come to think of it, this was rather strange. 
She was obviously Hillary’s daughter, yet she found him very lovable. 
Was she really that much of a cheap woman? 
After all, she was technically Hillary’s half-sister. Mia should actually be calling her Aunt Tanya. 
At the thought, Tanya forced herself to look away.
She took Pete to the dance studio resolutely, leaving behind Mia with a longing look on her face, and disappointment and sadness in her eyes. 
Next to her, Brandon said carelessly, “Cherry is really almighty. Not only is she great at solving Mathematical Olympiad problems, but she can even dance. Mia, do you want to learn to dance?” 
Mia lowered her head and stared at her toes as she replied, “Yes, I do.” 
Brandon said casually, “Then let’s ask Ms. Turner to teach you! She is the best dance teacher ever! Just tell your father; he will definitely agree to it!” 
Mia heaved a sigh, turned around unhappily, and returned to the classroom. 
— 
After school. 
Terence dashed out of the school and got into the car. As expected, his father, Paul Quinlan, had come to pick him up. 
The six-year-old child was as stout and muscular as a bull. Paul, on the other hand, looked more refined. It was just that his eyes looked particularly sinister. 
Terence whined, “Daddy, there’s a brat in the kindergarten who’s actually pretending to be Justin Hunt’s daughter!” 
Paul was taken aback. “What?” 
Terence suddenly thought of something and recited a series of numbers.. Then, he said, “Quick, Daddy, can you check if this is Justin Hunt’s phone number?”
###Chapter 200: The Phone Number
Chapter 200: The Phone Number 
Paul frowned as he listened to what he said. 
He picked up his cell phone, went to Justin’s private number, and took a look. Then, he said, “No, it isn’t. It’s quite the coincidence, though. To think he’s only off by two numbers.” 
Terence curled his lip at once. “I knew she was a fake!” 
Paul scoffed and said, “Someone is actually pretending to be Justin Hunt’s daughter? Now, that’s hilarious. After all, he has never had a daughter!” 
The fact that Justin had a son was already kept a secret. 
However, that was only in outsiders’ cases. Families like the Quinlans had to pay close attention to the changes among the wealthy. 
Paul had also tried various ways and means to ask around over the years, but in the end, he only managed to find out that Justin had a five-year-old son. Apart from that, he didn’t find out anything else at all. 
Terence became even angrier when he heard that. He clenched his fists and said, “Hmph, how dare she lie to me! I’m going to punch her teeth out on Monday!” 
It was Friday, so it was the weekend the next day. They didn’t have any classes on the weekends, so he could only take his revenge on Monday instead! 
Terence then looked at Paul again and asked, “Daddy, can I go and watch the car race tomorrow?”
A smiling Paul replied, “Sure, no problem. We’re also part of the racetracks that Jordan Hoffman established, aren’t we?” 
He fell silent for a moment at this point, and the look in his eyes became a little more sinister and ruthless. 
The Hoffmans and the Quinlans were of equal standing in the underworld. 
However, everyone knew that Paul was fiercer and more ruthless than Jordan, so they were more afraid of him. This was because even though he looked polite and refined, deep down, he was actually much more vicious and violent than Jordan. 
That guy had a scary face, but he had a lot of reservations and boundaries in the way he did things. 
The two families had been competing with each other all this time. 
Therefore, he had agreed to it when Winston wanted to make things difficult for Logan. After all, Jordan had made a lot of money through Logan—The Racing King! 
Winston had used his name to threaten people in New York, such that they wouldn’t dare to buy Logan’s sports car. 
However, someone had actually refused to show him courtesy in the end. 
When he asked who they were, he learned that it was the Hunts. 
Paul let out an icy laugh. What a small world, huh. 
However, he wasn’t going to mess with the Hunts if he could help it. After all, should they back up Jordan, he would become even more difficult to deal with!
With that in mind, Paul said coldly, “Stay away from the Hunts’ children if you encounter them in the future, no matter what kind of occasion it is. Don’t mess with them.” 
Terence had always relied on his father backing him up to carry out his misdeeds, so he knew especially well who he could mess with and who he couldn’t. Thus, he hastily nodded. 
— 
Elsewhere. 
Pete went home with Tanya as usual. 
After the two got into the car and Tanya drove away in the jeep, Joel finally reluctantly retracted his gaze. 
Brandon and Mia came out together and got into Joel’s car. 
As soon as he got in the car, Brandon asked, “Uncle Joel, is Cherry’s father Justin Hunt?” 
Joel nodded. “Yeah.” 
He then looked at his daughter. Mia was hanging her head—obviously, she was not in high spirits. 
Joel looked at her gently and dotingly and ruffled her hair. He asked, “What’s wrong, Mia?” 
Mia glanced at him and hung her head again. “It’s nothing, Daddy.” 
When Joel wanted to ask further, Brandon piped up and said, “I know what’s going on, Uncle Joel! Mia wants to dance, but Ms. Turner won’t take her in!” 
Mia hurriedly raised her head and waved her hands while she said, “N-no, that’s not true. I… I don’t actually like dancing that much.” 
Mia didn’t want her father to force Ms. Turner to teach her. If that happened, Ms. Turner would suffer too much injustice. 
Besides, her mother didn’t like her dancing, either. 
Joel’s eyes flickered. He ruffled Mia’s hair again and said comfortingly, “Okay, I see.” 
Brandon had a restless look in his eyes and was unable to sit still the whole way home. It was as if he was holding in a little secret. Joel saw it all but did not interfere. 
When they got home, Joel saw Brandon making an excuse and dragging Mia off to play. 
Joel gave the nanny a look. She immediately nodded and followed after the two. 
Less than half an hour later, the nanny came back and reported, “Brandon is trying to get Mia to go and watch a car race tomorrow afternoon.” 
Joel, “…” 
The nanny lowered her head and asked, “Do you want to stop them?” 
Joel thought of the timid look in his daughter’s eyes. Then, he thought of how gutsy Brandon was to take a knife to cut off his little willy so that he could become a little girl. He held his forehead. 
He wanted to encourage his daughter to become more cheerful, but he couldn’t help but be worried about Brandon’s presence. Thus, he said, “Let them go, but get a few people to protect them secretly.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
— 
The next day at the Andersons’.
Nora slept all the way until the time to watch the race. After she got up, she lazily put on a black baseball cap, a black shirt, and trousers. Without bothering to dress up, she took Pete out with her. 
As soon as she exited the bedroom, she saw Logan walking out of his room. 
He had an especially awful look on his face, and it seemed like his foot injury hadn’t healed yet, causing him to limp as he walked. The sight made Nora frown. She asked, “Are you still going to take part in the race today?” 
Logan let out an annoyed grunt. 
Yanci hadn’t replied to his email at all. Jordan had also called and said that he hadn’t managed to contact him. Thus, he could only brace himself and go for it today. 
Losing meant that he would have to pay back 50 million dollars. 
The profits from the Carefree Pills probably wouldn’t amount to that much even if the Andersons were to receive them now. 
Logan had never wanted to cause the Andersons any trouble. He gritted his teeth and walked out. 
Nora followed behind him. 
When they went out, Logan’s friend came over to pick him up. 
He got into the car and left. 
As for Nora, she drove off in the jeep after Pete sat in the backseat obediently and fastened his seatbelt. 
The race was held in an abandoned factory in the suburbs. A professional racetrack had been built inside. The abandoned area was relatively big, so it was impossible for one to tell from the outside at all
that there was a racetrack inside. 
Jordan had actually already bought the whole plot of land there. 
The security there was very good, and everyone going in had to go through strict inspections and show their admission tickets! 
The car stopped. When Logan got out of the car and was about to enter, his friend tugged on his sleeve and asked, “Logan, isn’t that your cousin and niece?” 
Logan, “?” 
He turned around to see Nora parking her car behind theirs. The woman got out of the car without paying any attention to the person in the backseat. 
His little niece unfastened the seatbelt herself and pushed the car door open. Then, the little fellow hopped off the thick chassis, jumped, and closed the car door strenuously herself… 
Logan frowned. His friend asked, “Did you get them tickets?” 
Logan, “…” 
His friend went on and said, “It’ll be very difficult for them to get in without tickets. Mr. Hoffman has strengthened the security for today’s race.” 
Logan became even more irritable. 
They should have told him in advance if they wanted to watch the race. Instead, they had followed him like that! How troublesome!
Just as he was about to walk over, he instead saw…

###Chapter 201: Justin Hunt Is Here!
Chapter 201: Justin Hunt Is Here! 
Nora actually bypassed him and walked straight toward the entrance. 
Logan, “?” 
He was a little surprised. Then, he walked over and asked, “Do you have tickets?” 
Nora replied casually, “Yeah.” 
Logan let out a sigh of relief. He said, “Alright, you can just queue up to go in, then. I’m heading over to the racers’ area.” 
The racers and the audience had different entryways. They still had to queue up, so Nora waved and said, “Go ahead.” 
Logan went to the racer’s passage and went straight backstage to warm up and get ready. 
Nora held Pete’s hand and stood in line leisurely. 
She let out a lazy yawn. 
Of course, she had something as simple as admission tickets. 
As Yanci, wasn’t it just a matter of saying the word if she wanted admission tickets to such races? 
Besides, she already had people rushing over to give her tickets a long time ago. 
It had been really long since she last participated in a race, so she was somewhat itching to race. She wondered if she could look for Jordan and ask him to let her drive a couple of rounds around the tracks
after the race. 
While she was musing, Pete, who was next to her, was sending a text message to Cherry with his head down: ‘Where are you guys?’ 
Cherry replied very quickly: ‘We’ll be there in a moment!’ 
A relieved Pete wrote: ‘Remember not to give anything away.’ 
‘Okie-Dokie! Don’t worry, Pete! I, Cherry, will definitely get everything done right!’ 
Pete, “…” 
He was about to give her another couple of reminders when two children suddenly dashed over and knocked against his arm. 
Pete put down his phone and looked over—it was actually Brandon and Mia? 
The two children didn’t expect to see Pete here, either, so they immediately called out excitedly, “Cherry!” 
Pete, “…” 
He had especially worn unisex clothes today because he didn’t want to be mistaken as a girl. However, the people around them must have realized his gender the moment they shouted that name, right? 
He fell silent for a while. Then, he asked, “What are you guys doing here?” 
Mia glanced at Brandon timidly and replied, “We’re here to watch the race! Brandon said that car racing is very fun.” 
What was so fun about it…?
Pete looked around the two children but didn’t see any adults with them. He, who usually didn’t make any requests or trouble, looked at Nora and asked, “Mommy, why don’t we let them come with us?” 
Nora, who sounded as if she didn’t really care one way or another, uttered an ‘okay’. She stood by them and watched the three children talk among themselves. To be honest, her son should try and make more friends. During her observations of him recently, she found that Pete’s mild autism was actually slowly getting better. 
As a result, the people in the line went from two to four people. 
The queue moved very quickly—after all, those who could get their hands on tickets were no ordinary people. The people at the entrance didn’t dare to make things too difficult for them, either. 
Soon, it was their turn. 
Nora handed over the admission tickets. 
The security officers took a look at the tickets and then glanced at the three children. Only then did he look at Nora and say, “You can go in, but the three children can’t.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Brandon was already shouting. “Why?” 
The security officer coughed and replied, “Children are not allowed to go in.” 
Children weren’t allowed to go in? 
Nora was a little surprised. She hadn’t expected such a restriction. When she was abroad, she had easily taken Cherry to the races. 
Perhaps it was due to cultural differences?
While she was thinking about it, she saw Terence running over with three children from the kindergarten behind him. Without queuing at all, they went straight into the venue. 
The security officers didn’t stop them. 
Nora, “?” 
She raised her eyebrows. She was about to speak when Brandon spoke ahead of her and asked, “Then why are they allowed to go in?” 
Terence stood inside and made faces at them. He said, “Because my father is Paul Quinlan! So, I can bring in as many people as I want!” 
Brandon, “?” 
He got angry and said, “Even my uncle and Mia’s father is Joel Smith! Why can’t we go in?” 
The security officers looked at one another at the mention of Joel’s name. 
Needless to say, it was Terence’s idea to stop the children from entering. Although this was Jordan’s turf, they nevertheless had to show Paul some courtesy. 
Little did they expect the two children to be from the Smiths, though? 
They looked at Terence, who waved magnanimously. Then, he pointed at Pete and said, “Of course, the Smiths can enter. The two can come in, but she can’t!” 
“Why not?” 
Brandon and Mia were up in arms. Brandon even shouted, “She is Justin Hunt’s child!”
Justin Hunt 
The security officers at the entrance became even more astonished. What was going on today? Had all the big families in New York come together to watch the race today? 
While they were hesitating, Terence scoffed, “Justin Hunt’s child? What nonsense. She is a fake!” 
Terence shouted, “The phone number she gave me yesterday is wrong! I already asked my father! Cherry, how dare you pretend to be Justin Hunt’s daughter! Hmph! You liar!” 
Brandon shouted, “That’s impossible! I asked my uncle. She really is Justin Hunt’s daughter!” 
Mia also nodded. She said earnestly to the security officers, “Aren’t you afraid that Uncle Justin will get mad if you don’t let Cherry in?” 
The security officers at the entrance were rendered speechless. Oh, we’re totally trembling with fear here. 
Nora’s brows drew together as she listened to the children’s conversation. 
That boy named Terence totally looked like he needed to be taught a good lesson. He was likely very naughty and mischievous. Also, he was actually making things difficult for Pete? 
Was Pete being bullied in school? 
The look in her eyes turned sharp. She was about to speak when a voice that made others feel terribly uncomfortable reached them. 
“She’s Justin Hunt’s daughter? Here, let me take a look!” 
Nora turned to see a man dressed in a suit approaching.
He seemed like an amiable person, but his eyes had a sinister look in them that discomfited others. As soon as he came over, Terence also ran over while calling out, “Daddy!” 
The security officers stood up straight and greeted him respectfully. “Mr. Quinlan!” 
Paul ruffled his son’s hair and then, he looked at Pete and Nora. His gaze swept across Pete to fall on Nora. He smiled and said, “How audacious of you to use Justin Hunt’s name to do whatever you want outside. Are the two of you sick of living?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
She had never been one to allow herself to suffer any injustice. Should she deny that Pete was Justin’s child in a situation like this, it was highly likely that Pete would be hurt. 
He was a sensitive boy and wasn’t as hardy as Cherry. 
Thus, Nora only hesitated for a brief moment before she countered resolutely and said, “And how would you know this child isn’t Justin’s, Mr. Quinlan?” 
Paul gazed at the gorgeous woman in front of him. She carried herself in a manner that was neither lowly nor overbearing. Her pretty face was peerlessly stunning, and the aura around her didn’t seem like it had been suppressed by his. Paul narrowed his eyes. 
Terence shouted, “She’s not! She’s a fake! Cherry, you’re not going to be able to get in! Hmph!” 
At this point, a commotion suddenly broke out in the distance. 
Someone said, “Mr.. Hunt is here!”
###Chapter 202: Father And Son Meet
Chapter 202: Father And Son Meet 
Everyone looked into the distance as one to see a row of black Audis approaching. The bodyguards dressed in black suits and leading the way got out of the cars first. After confirming that the surroundings were safe, Justin finally got out of the car. 
This was Justin’s mandatory lineup whenever he went out. 
It was just that when he got out of the car, Cherry instead took out a baseball cap and put on a face mask. After getting out of the car, she suddenly held her stomach and said, “Daddy, my stomach hurts!” 
Justin narrowed his eyes, not sure what his daughter was up to this time. 
However, it must be because that woman was nearby that she desperately wanted to leave this place at the moment. 
He beckoned to the person next to him and said, “Take Pete to the bathroom.” 
After saying that, he also whispered something else to him. 
The bodyguard immediately understood. He nodded and took Cherry to the bathroom nearby. 
People at the racetracks here were generally either rich or of high social status. Therefore, even the bathrooms were exceptionally clean—in fact, they even had VIP toilets there. 
Cherry secretly changed into a skirt after she went to the bathroom. Then, she openly swaggered out from the bathroom with a mask on. 
Her brother was in trouble and needed to borrow Daddy for a while. She mustn’t be a hindrance to him!
Seeing that the bodyguard really wasn’t paying any attention to her as she had expected, the petite Cherry went around the crowd and headed straight into the racetracks. Hehe, she was going to go and admire some handsome guys! 
She didn’t notice that a plainclothes bodyguard was following her closely after she came out. 
How could Justin possibly not worry while his daughter was out and about? 
— 
Justin strolled around aimlessly after Cherry left. By right, since he had come in person, it went without saying that he would definitely use a special entryway. However, to everyone’s surprise, he actually walked straight to the normal entrance. 
Nora was currently in a confrontation with Paul. 
Justin’s lineup was too grand during his arrival. The people around them were already moving about and telling one another about it. Paul stared at Nora and sneered, “When you were using Justin Hunt’s name, I bet you didn’t expect that the man himself would really come, right?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. Her cool and distant countenance was totally calm. 
Even if their family of four should meet, then so be it. She would simply clarify the ties between the two of them with Justin, lest the guy kept thinking that she was in love with him. She couldn’t even be bothered to pretend anymore… 
In the midst of her thoughts, everyone stepped aside. 
Nora looked over and saw Justin striding over under the escort of his bodyguards. 
Little Brandon looked at Mia, then at Terence, and then finally at Pete. However, he noticed that his eyes were flickering a little, and he seemed a little scared.
Brandon panicked at once. He stepped forward, held Pete’s arm, and asked, “Cherry, a-are you really Justin Hunt’s child?” 
Next to them, when Mia heard him, she immediately said, “Brandon, Cherry really is his child! Don’t you believe what Daddy says?” 
But before Brandon could breathe a sigh of relief, Terence yelled, “That’s impossible. He’s not the Hunts’ child! He is a little bastard! Hmph, now that Justin Hunt is here, you and your mother are going to get your just desserts, Cherry!” 
After he spoke, Terence even grabbed Pete’s arm and said, “You mustn’t run away!” 
Pete, “…” 
Wouldn’t he be admitting that he was lying if he ran away now? 
That wouldn’t do at all. 
While Pete was frowning, he saw Nora giving him a look. 
Pete was short. Additionally, they were also surrounded by crowds, so he couldn’t see what it was like in the distance. However, Nora had already noticed that Cherry was not with Justin. 
She didn’t know where she had gone, but the little fellow must have slipped away when she saw that something was wrong. She was surprisingly very quick-witted. 
Seeing that Justin was coming closer and closer, Paul took a couple of steps forward and said politely, “Long time no see, Mr. Hunt.”
Justin was wearing a black suit and a white shirt, which looked surprisingly like lovers’ matching clothing with the black outfit that Nora was wearing. 
When he came over, his eyes locked onto Nora right away. 
The girl stood there lazily with her back straight, but there was obviously impatience in her almond- shaped eyes. Clearly, someone who couldn’t take a hint had provoked her. 
Justin raised his eyebrows. The beauty mark at the corner of his eye became increasingly dazzling. He was about to walk over to her when Paul blocked his path, causing Justin to frown. Nevertheless, he was forced to stop and say politely, “It’s been a while, Mr. Quinlan.” 
Paul was a standard villain. 
As they said, it was better to offend a gentleman than to offend a villain. The saying was referring to exactly people like him. 
The Hunts weren’t afraid of him, but they weren’t willing to offend him easily, either. 
Paul smiled and made small talk. He said, “Do you also like to watch car racing, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin replied, “My child likes it, so I came to join in the fun.” 
Paul nodded. “Do you have a favorite, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin shook his head. “No. I’ll probably place a random bet later.” 
Paul wanted to continue the small talk, but Justin instead asked, “Is something the matter, Mr. Quinlan?” 
Only then did Paul stop talking.
Over the years, the Quinlans had actually been trying to curry favor with the Hunts. After all, should they gain the Hunts’ protection, they would surely do even better. However, Justin was terribly hard to get hold of. He simply couldn’t establish any sort of ties with him even after interacting with him several times. 
They had even considered sending him women before, but Justin had driven them out right away. He even publicly announced that whoever sent him any women in the future would be his enemy. 
Therefore, everyone speculated in private that Justin might not like women. 
After all, with the exception of his child, he had always practiced abstinence ever since he was a child, and had never had any women trouble. 
With that in mind, Paul replied, “There is indeed something trivial. I just didn’t expect that there would be people using your name to do whatever they want outside, so I stopped them, Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin was a little taken aback. “What?” 
Paul knew that Justin would definitely be very angry and fly into a rage. 
Thus, he didn’t mind doing Justin a favor. He pointed to Nora and Pete and said, “That mother-daughter pair claim to be your woman and your child. That child, especially, has been showing off and wreaking havoc, and telling everyone that you are his father.” 
Terence also shouted, “Yes, he’s the one. He insisted that his father is Justin Hunt. All of us kids know about it!” 
He looked at Pete happily and said, “Did you see that? That is the real Justin Hunt. Is your father really Justin Hunt? Do you dare to confront him face-to-face about it?” 
Pete, “…”
He glanced at Justin in silence. Only then did he see that Justin seemed to have only just spotted him. He looked at him and raised his eyebrows a little. 
Seeing that all of them weren’t saying anything, Paul immediately smiled and said, “You don’t have to be too angry about it, Mr. Hunt. After all, you have a good reputation out there. That’s why there are even children who are pretending to be your child. I just happened to chance upon them doing something wrong, so I decided to expose them. It’s mainly because I was concerned that they would do worse things outside…” 
He had only just said that when Justin asked, “Why are you here?”
###Chapter 203: Daddy!!
Chapter 203: Daddy!! 
That one line from him made everyone there dumbfounded. 
Everyone looked at them incredulously. 
Pete kept quiet for a while before he finally said, “Daddy.” 
Justin nodded. He took a step forward and took the initiative to ask, “Didn’t you go to the bathroom? Why are you here instead?” 
Pete, “?” 
As it turned out, Cherry had made up an excuse and gone to the bathroom. No wonder his father didn’t recognize him! 
At practically the same time, a bodyguard came over and said, “Mr. Hunt, the little mister is gone. We…” 
He’d only just said that when he spotted Pete. He closed his mouth right away. 
Both Nora and Pete fell for their act. 
Pete immediately adopted a different stance and said, “I came to look for Mommy.” 
He held Nora’s hand after he spoke. 
Nora raised her brows. 
She glanced at the bodyguards and then at Justin. She couldn’t help feeling that something was a little amiss, yet she couldn’t pinpoint it. Wasn’t Justin purported to have a very high IQ?
How was it possible that he couldn’t even see through such a low-level loophole? 
But… it did make sense! 
There practically weren’t any boy-girl twins that looked identical in this world. If she weren’t their mother, she probably wouldn’t have ever thought that she also had a daughter, right? 
With that in mind, Nora lowered her head as if she had thought it through. 
Next to them, Paul was dumbfounded. He stared at them incredulously and sputtered, “The… the two of you…” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “I told you. Who says this child isn’t Justin’s?” 
Mia and Brandon also immediately jumped in and said, “Yes, that’s right! Cherry is a child of the Hunts! We weren’t lying, yeah!” 
Terence, “!” 
Brandon looked at Terence again. He stuck his tongue out and said, “Nanny nanny boo-boo! To think you wanted to bully Cherry. So, Cherry can go in now, right?” 
“…” 
Justin finally understood what exactly had happened after he said that. 
It seemed that his son had been bullied by a six-year-old in kindergarten. 
How useless. 
He secretly dissed him inwardly before he pulled a long face and said, “What’s going on? Are the Hunts’ children not allowed to enter the racetracks?”
The security officers, “!!” 
The security officers at the entrance broke out in cold sweat at once. They said, “Of course they are!. It’s an honor that your child graced our racetracks with her presence, Mr. Hunt! It’s my fault for failing to recognize a famous person when I see one. Please come in, please come in!” 
Both Justin and Nora knew that the security officers were just threatened by Paul, that’s all. 
He was just a man trying to make a living, so why bother holding it against him? 
Nora scoffed and said insinuatingly, “Never judge a book by its cover. Remember to keep your eyes open the next time you do anything.” 
The security officer nodded at once. 
Next to him, Paul, who had wanted to do Justin a favor, looked livid. 
Never would he have ever expected things to turn out this way! 
— 
“Cherry, where are you?” 
Worried about her safety, Pete sent Cherry a text message immediately after he entered the racetracks. 
Cherry: ‘I’m already seated in the benches! Come and look for me later, Pete!’ 
Knowing that she was safe, Pete breathed a sigh of relief. 
Only then did he look up at the two people walking in front of him.
Justin was smiling, and his dark eyes were full of mirth. He said, “So, Ms. Smith, you’ve been claiming to outsiders that you’re my woman?” 
Nora, “…” 
She stuffed her hands into her pockets casually, seemingly disinclined to carry on the topic. She asked, “What put you in the mood to come and watch the race, Mr. Hunt?” 
“It can’t be helped. My son likes it,” replied Justin. 
As expected, it really was because of little Cherry. 
Nora let out an ‘oh’. Just as Justin was about to say something, she suddenly did a U-turn and said, “Since you’re here, then please take Pete and the two children from the Smiths with you to watch the race, Mr. Hunt. I have to go backstage to visit my dear cousin.” 
Although Cherry was a clever and adorable child, this was ultimately a messy place. Nora was worried about her safety. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and said, “Okay. See you at the benches later?” 
Nora waved but didn’t answer. 
He must be kidding. Was she supposed to go to the benches so that the family of four could meet one another? 
She was dying to avoid him instead! 
Justin watched as the woman’s slender figure disappeared into the distance. Only then did he look back at Pete.
After a few days of separation from the little brat, it seemed like there was now light in his eyes, especially with Mia and Brandon next to him at the moment. The three of them standing together looked like they were on pretty good terms with one another. 
Justin cast his eyes down. 
Pete didn’t have any friends at the Hunts. In addition, Pete didn’t allow anyone other than him to go near him. 
In spite of that, because the children weren’t walking properly, Brandon bumped into Pete from time to time, yet he didn’t show any sign of annoyance. 
Justin’s brows drew together. 
The woman might look lazy and sloppy, but by her side, Cherry had grown up to be a lively and lovable girl. Her son had only been with her for a few days, yet he also seemed to have become much more cheerful. 
Was he really not as good as that woman at raising a child? 
While he was reflecting upon himself, Paul came over to make up for what had happened just now. He smiled and said jokingly, “Information about you is really too confidential, Mr. Hunt. I always thought that you had a son, but as it turns out, it’s actually a daughter?” 
He glanced at Pete and hesitated again before he asked, “So, is he a boy or a girl?” 
Justin glanced at him with his deep-set eyes and slowly replied, “Either is possible.” 
Paul, “?”
He wanted to say more, but Justin had already turned around and left with the children. It was obvious that he wasn’t interested in talking anymore. 
Paul, “…” 
What the heck did he mean by either was possible? 
— 
Elsewhere, Nora called Cherry and was informed that the little fellow was at the benches. However, it seemed that she had slipped into the benches to the west, so she was planning to go over and look for her. 
They were currently in the north. This was where the final sprint would be, so the point of view was excellent there. It was a position that only people like Justin could occupy. 
To get to the west side from the north side, she had to pass by a row of resting areas. 
The racers were currently resting there. 
The abandoned location occupied a huge area, so the resting area was made up of a row of small houses. When Nora was passing by, a couple of racers happened to walk past her. They were chatting earnestly with each other. 
“Have you heard? Logan has a leg injury. He definitely won’t be able to take first place in the race anymore!” 
“Of course. I even heard that it was the Myerses who did it to go against the Andersons, but no one dares to say anything about it. After all, Paul Quinlan is backing up Winston!” 
“What should we do? If Logan loses, will the bookies let him off?”
“No way! Logan probably won’t be able to step out of this place alive today. You have no idea how fierce those people are.” 
“Sigh, how tragic. If he insists on racing with his leg injury, his leg will probably be a goner after this.. With the way things are now, he’s doomed unless Yanci descends from heaven to save him!” 
###Chapter 204: Yanci!
Chapter 204: Yanci! 
“That’s impossible. The international racer Yanci? In a place like this? I heard that the organizers send him an invitation every year, but there’s no way he’ll have any interest in races that aren’t fit to be seen in public like this.” 
“Sigh, that’s true. You’re right. In that case, Logan is really done for this time! And so are the Andersons, right? If they want their son back, they’ll need 50 million dollars…” 
“…” 
The two passed by Nora as they chatted. 
Nora stopped in her tracks. 
She had known all along that Logan seemed to be in some kind of trouble, but she hadn’t expected it to be this bad. 
Why didn’t he bring up even a word about it at home? 
While thinking about it, Nora sent Cherry a text message reminding her to pay attention to her safety. Then, she headed to the racers’ lounge. 
The racers’ lounge wasn’t accessible to ordinary people. 
The people guarding the place were all men that Jordan trusted the most. The one standing guard at the entrance happened to be one of the people who had tried to stop Nora from going up the stairs when she
rushed over to the Hoffmans’ the other day. He had also been involved in what happened after that, so he knew who she was. Rather surprised to see her, he hastily said, “I’ll take you to Mr. Hoffman!” 
The Andersons’ affairs were indeed rather troublesome this time. 
Mr. Hoffman had also been having a headache over it the last couple of days. 
If he had known this would happen, he would’ve listened to Logan and postponed the race to next month. 
What was he to do now? 
That was 50 million dollars they were talking about. Even they would have difficulty forking out that money, let alone the Andersons. After all, who would have that much cash with them? 
Nora nodded. 
As she walked into the lounge with the man, they ran into Mrs. Hoffman. 
Mrs. Hoffman had been taking care of Jimmy in the hospital the last few days, so she hadn’t had a good sleep in a while. It was to the extent that she even had dark circles under her eyes. At the sight of Nora, she grabbed her hand and said sincerely, “Oh, you’ve come? I was just about to go and look for you. Are you here because of Logan? I know all about it. Don’t worry, I will definitely make sure he’s fine!” 
She went on and said, “I came here especially to look for Jordan. Even if there’s no other way, we can at least get those 50 million dollars ready!” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little as she stared at Mrs. Hoffman, who seemed like a completely different person now. 
The woman was really straightforward.
She said unhurriedly, “No, it’s fine.” 
Mrs. Hoffman sighed and said, “You don’t have to stand on ceremony with us. I’ve already heard from the doctor—if you hadn’t rushed over to our place, what I would have seen the next morning would probably have been Jimmy’s dead body since I had thought that he was feeling unwell just because he was scared. You saved him! So, that makes you our benefactor! I’m willing to give you even my life, let alone 50 million dollars. I have some jewelry here that should also be worth a sum…” 
At this point, she suddenly straightened her back and said, “By the way, I haven’t formally apologized to you yet. I misunderstood you. Sigh, I’m not trying to make excuses for myself, but every time Jimmy got a headache in school, the teacher would call me; but every time I brought him back home, he would be right as rain again. That boy is such a halfwit. To think he couldn’t even describe the symptoms clearly. We had also gone to the hospital for his headaches. The doctor suggested a brain CT scan, but also said that there will be radiation exposure, so he wanted us to think about it ourselves. Later, we took him back home, yet he said that it didn’t hurt anymore. This repeated over and over again… That was why when you told us to have a lumbar puncture done, my first reaction was to think that you were spouting nonsense… Now that I think about it, I was really so ignorant!” 
Nora actually wasn’t angry. 
She had seen family members of patients who were even more difficult to deal with than Mrs. Hoffman. Besides, doctors tended to favor conservative methods of treatment for children. 
The amount of radiation exposure that a brain CT scan would expose one to, was equivalent to 1.5 times the amount of a chest radiograph. 
It was normal for doctors to let them make the decision themselves.
She nodded. Then, she interrupted Mrs. Hoffman and said, “I’d like to visit Logan.” 
“Okay, I’ll take you there!” 
With Mrs. Hoffman leading the way, no one dared to stop them all the more. 
— 
In the lounge. 
Logan shifted his ankle after he put on his clothes. The severe pain made him as pale as a sheet, and cold sweat trickled down his forehead. 
His friend next to him ranted furiously, “They sure were ruthless! The bones at your ankle are all shattered! You can’t apply any force on it at all! Is there even any difference whether you take part in the race or not? In my opinion, you should just go to Mr. Hoffman and give up the race!” 
Logan didn’t pay him any attention. A look of pain and resolution came over his untamed countenance. 
It was one thing to lose, but something else entirely to give up the race. 
He couldn’t let down the people supporting him. 
He took a deep breath and said, “Let’s go.” 
The door was suddenly pushed open at this moment. 
Linson Leigh, the racer whom Winston was supporting, stood outside the door. 
Linson was an upstart racer. He had taken second place the year before with a result of merely five seconds behind Logan.
Paul was in support of him, and he had become a rising star in the world of car racing. 
Logan looked at him and asked hostilely, “What are you doing here?” 
Linson stood arrogantly at the door and replied, “I’m here to show Logan—The Racing King some concern, of course. How’s your foot? I heard that the bones are all broken. If you still don’t undergo surgery, you probably won’t be able to ever recover, right?” 
Logan, who was pulling a long face, retorted, “It’s none of your business.” 
Linson curled his lip disdainfully and said, “Sigh, why so angry, Logan—The Racing King? As they say, the new constantly replace the old, while the old grows cold. In New York’s world of racing, the era of Logan—The Racing King has already passed. Now that you’ve become too old, surely you should make way for newcomers, right?” 
His words angered Logan’s friend, who yelled furiously, “If the seniors have to make way for the newbies, then let’s just go through a normal handover! Besides, Logan is only 22 years old! He’s in the prime of youth right now! Make way, my a*s!” 
Linson was about to speak when Winston came over. It was obvious at first glance that he had overly indulged in carnal desires, causing his health to be all spent. With an annoying look on his face, he said, “Sigh, what are you worked up for? No matter how young he is, he can only be a thing of the past. Starting from today, New York’s world of racing is about to welcome a new era! The era that belongs to Linson has come!” 
“Get out!” 
A furious Logan stood up abruptly. However, pain shot up from his leg, causing him to fall back onto the sofa. He looked at his leg in astonishment. The pain was getting worse today, making him unable to even
stand for a while there! 
Winston looked at Logan’s leg. As he hadn’t undergone surgery in time, the wound was already festering somewhat. 
Winston clicked his tongue a couple of times. He said, “Logan, with that leg of yours, you probably won’t even be able to step on the brakes if you get into the car, right? With the way you are, how are you going to take part in the race? Oh, what are you to do? Team White doesn’t even have a substitute. Is there even anyone who can race in your stead?” 
Logan clenched his fists. 
This was the crux of the problem. 
Team White had always taken first place! 
Therefore, Team White had never needed a substitute. This led to them becoming unable to even find a decent substitute after something happened to his leg. 
In addition, geniuses like Linson were indeed rare. Apart from Logan in his prime condition, Yanci was probably the only one who could beat him… 
In the midst of his thoughts, a woman’s voice reached them. She said, “I can..”
###Chapter 205: I’ll Do It!
Chapter 205: I’ll Do It! 
The few of them looked over to see a chubby but beefy woman striding in. 
Behind her was a petite figure that had been completely covered by her. It wasn’t until Mrs. Hoffman entered the room that the others saw the person behind her. 
Winston’s eyes lit up at the sight of her. 
The woman’s almond-shaped eyes were half-lidded, and she gave off a very dispirited air. However, her facial features were gorgeous, and her skin was so fair that it was as if it was luminescent. 
She was the one who had spoken just now. 
Logan obviously also saw Nora. His wild and untamed countenance was filled with surprise. He tensed his jaw but didn’t immediately refute her. 
Surprisingly, it was Linson who frowned and asked, “Who are you? What are you doing?” 
Mrs. Hoffman thought of what had happened just now and became rather angry. She immediately said, “She is Jimmy’s savior, as well as Ms. Smith from the Andersons.” 
‘Ms. Smith from the Andersons’… Obviously, she had made a name for herself at the dance party the other time. 
Perhaps because Linson had also heard of her, he didn’t question any further. He merely sneered, “So, it’s you, Ms. Smith. I’d advise you not to interrupt when other people are talking. Those who didn’t know any better would have thought that you were going to race in Logan’s stead!”
“Is Logan’s name something you can say?” Logan’s friend yelled angrily, “You should be calling him Mr. Anderson!” 
In the world of car racing, seniority mattered a lot. 
Linson cast his eyes down and said very arrogantly, “I think people should talk with their capabilities in the world of car racing instead. Also, this is the racers’ lounge. It’s best that women stay out of this place. Yours is a special situation though, Logan. With your leg in that condition, it’s understandable that the Andersons would worry about you and send someone to supervise you.” 
Then, he laughed and said, “Ms. Smith, right? Don’t worry. There is no doubt that I’ll let Logan lose in a very dignified manner today! After all, no matter what, I have to show our racing king here some courtesy, right?” 
His words angered the few of them. 
Mrs. Hoffman rebuked him. “Linson, you’re here to race, so just race like you should! Why must you speak in such an infuriating manner?” 
Linson sneered, “Mrs. Hoffman, I know you’re the organizer of this place. Are the races you hold so fair and square that people don’t even have the right to talk anymore?” 
Mrs. Hoffman, “!” 
She had never been an eloquent person and only knew how to act shrewishly. However, it didn’t seem like acting shrewishly would be of any use in this situation. 
This was because there was no way Linson would show Jordan any courtesy at all. He was a racer whom Winston had approached specifically to deal with Logan. In addition, he was also someone whom Paul was using to deal with Jordan.
After all, Jordan had made a ton of money over the years through Logan! 
Seeing that Mrs. Hoffman was so mad that she was rendered speechless, Winston laughed and said, “These are men’s affairs, Mrs. Hoffman. What are women interfering for? We men may be competing with one another, but we’ll still take into account our personal relationships with one another, so this won’t affect our relationship. Right, Ms. Smith?” 
Winston had wanted to take Nora as his wife back then but had failed to do so. Although he hated her for it, at the sight of her face, he couldn’t quite hate her anymore. 
It would be great if he could get his hands on a beauty like her. 
Upon hearing him say that, Linson also cooperated with him and said, “Alright, let’s not argue anymore. You’d better hurry up and find a substitute, Logan—The Racing King, lest no one takes your place in the race later. Given the condition of your leg, your life will be in danger if you can’t step on the brakes!” 
The racetracks were filled with places of a high level of difficulty. The racers also drove at the highest speed they could muster, so it would be terrible if one couldn’t brake. 
When Linson said that, Mrs. Hoffman immediately looked at Logan and said, “Yes, that’s right. If you really can’t, then don’t bother going into the field and just give up! You can make back the money after you lose it, but if you lose your life, you won’t be left with anything!” 
Logan gritted his teeth. 
He was about to speak when Nora said, “Didn’t I already say? I’ll do it.” 
“…” 
The lounge fell silent for a moment.
A brief moment later, Mrs. Hoffman was the first to speak. She said, “Racing is not like driving, Ms. Smith. It’s not that simple. Moreover, you need to have a good sense of the car and its quirks. You mustn’t go into the field…” 
Winston also laughed. He said, “She’s right, Ms. Smith. This isn’t a joke. 160 miles per hour is already the fastest you can usually go when you drive, right? In racing, however, the minimum speed starts at 200 miles per hour! People who don’t know how to race will completely be putting their lives at stake!” 
Linson also curled his lip disdainfully. He said, “Have you completely given up, Logan—The Racing King? Instead of letting a woman race in your stead, it’ll be more dignified for you if you just concede defeat straightaway!” 
Almost as soon as he said that, Logan suddenly said, “I have the freedom to choose whoever I want as my substitute. If memory serves me right, this place seems to be my lounge. Linson, if you want an exclusive lounge, then please wait until you win the championship. Now, please leave!” 
Only champions had their own lounges in the racetracks. 
Even if Linson was the first runner-up, he still had to change and warm up with the rest of the racers. 
This was an unwritten rule in the world of racing. 
Logan’s words provoked Linson, making him narrow his eyes. He sneered, “Certainly. Well, enjoy your exclusive rest for the last time, then, Logan—The Racing King. After all, I’m afraid you’ll never get to enjoy such treatment ever again after today!” 
After leaving those words behind, he turned around and said, “Let’s go!” 
Winston glanced at Nora. He wanted to hit on her and strike up a conversation, but in the end, he left without saying anything.
In the lounge, only Nora, Mrs. Hoffman, Logan, and Logan’s friend were left. 
It was obvious that none of them took what Nora said just now seriously. Mrs. Hoffman said worriedly, “What’s going on? Even if you can’t take the first place, the substitute should be able to go into the field, right? Hasn’t Jordan been looking for a substitute for you the last few days?” 
Logan pressed his lips together tightly while his friend said angrily, “When had Team White ever needed a substitute in the past when Logan was around? We needed one at the last minute this year, so we looked for one, but with Linson threatening them, no one is willing to do it! I’m practically speechless! They are driving us into a corner!” 
Mrs. Hoffman said angrily, “Those people are too wicked!” 
Just as the three of them were awfully worried, Nora asked, “Where can I change my clothes?” 
The other three, “” 
Mrs. Hoffman was the first to turn to her. She looked at her incredulously. “Ms. Smith?” 
Logan’s friend was next. He asked, “Weren’t you just trying to bail us out? Surely you weren’t serious, right?” 
Nora ignored the two of them and looked fixedly at Logan. 
Logan kept quiet for a long while before he suddenly asked, “Do you have a racing suit?” 
Racers’ suits and helmets were all custom-made. 
Nora brought the backpack on her back to the front and held it up a little to indicate that her racing suit was inside.
Right from the start, her purpose in coming over was to see if she could find a chance to go a couple of laps, so she had naturally brought her equipment along. 
Logan balled up his fists and said, “… Alright, then..”
###Chapter 206: I Will Take The First Place For You!
Chapter 206: I Will Take The First Place For You! 
Outside the lounge. 
Logan, his friend, and Mrs. Hoffman waited anxiously. 
Nora was changing inside the lounge. 
Logan’s friend asked, “Are you really letting her go into the field?” 
Mrs. Hoffman also frowned. “Yeah. Can Ms. Smith do it?” 
“Does she know how to race? Has she ever raced before? Won’t she lose and come last if she goes into the field like that?” asked Logan’s friend. 
An irritated Logan clenched his jaw and retorted, “Then how about you do it?” 
His friend shut up at once. 
Logan stared at the lounge. 
He knew that he was going to lose for sure this time, but his ankle was hurting even more badly today, making him unable to persevere at all. Just like what Linson had said, he probably wouldn’t be able to even step on the brakes! 
He had no other choice under such circumstances. 
He could only make a Hail Mary effort now! 
Creak!
The door was pushed open. Nora, dressed in a red and white racing suit, walked out of the lounge. Her long hair had been tied into a ponytail, and she was holding a helmet. 
The tight-fitting racing suit outlined her tall, slender, and graceful figure, stunning the trio at the door. 
Mrs. Hoffman looked her figure up and down and said, “Your figure is so good, Ms. Smith! Also, this is the first time that I find myself thinking that women can actually look so handsome in racing suits!” 
Logan’s friend also complimented her. He said, “At least your cousin doesn’t look like she’s all form and no function, Logan! She puts forth a good image! Even if you lose, you’ll be able to lose in a more dignified manner now.” 
Logan, “…” 
“All racers, please head to the field!” 
As the announcement rang out, Logan stood at the front with his crutch, limping as the four of them walked toward the racecourse together. 
Logan loved his car very much, so his car had been modified by him to become nearly the best car in New York. 
Although Nora liked to drive, what she liked more was the feeling of going at fast speed. She didn’t actually feel anything for the act of racing itself. She touched Logan’s car, finding it comfortable. 
“Go in and try it.” 
Logan opened the door to his car and—for the very first time—said that to an outsider. 
His sports car was his life itself. He had never allowed anyone to test drive it in all these years.
Nora nodded. She entered the car, sat in the driver’s seat, and familiarized herself with the car’s controls. Then, she gave Logan an ‘OK’ gesture and got out of the car. 
After staying quiet for a while, Logan finally said, “Keep safety as your top priority. It’s fine even if you come last.” 
He said softly, “At the very least, it’s the Andersons themselves who are losing and not someone else losing in the Andersons’ stead.” 
Having a substitute fill in for him would be the same as someone losing the race for him. 
However, if the substitute was Nora, then at the very least, it would be the Andersons themselves losing the race. 
Nora raised her eyebrows when she heard what he said. She was a little surprised. 
Never would she have ever imagined that Logan would say something like that. To be honest, she had conversed a lot with everyone in the Andersons by now, save for Logan whom she had only exchanged a few words with and met only a few times. Unexpectedly, the boy had actually seen her as family? 
While she was in a daze, next to them, the other racers also came out one after another. When they saw Nora, all of them were dumbfounded. 
Even the rest of the racers spoke up, let alone Linson. 
“What’s going on, Logan—The Racing King? You actually got a woman to fill in for you?” 
“Have you already given up before the race has even started?” 
“By getting a woman to compete with us, isn’t he looking down on us a little too much?” 
“There has never been a female racing champion in the world of racing all these years! In fact, very few women even participate in the races, right?” 
“…” 
Mrs. Hoffman got angry in the midst of them passing comments. She placed her hands on her hips and sneered, “Just make sure nothing’s wrong with yourselves and mind your own business. Besides, is there any regulation on the racetracks that states that a woman can’t go into the field? How is it that I don’t know anything about that?” 
Everyone knew who Mrs. Hoffman was, so none of them dared to say any more when they heard her. 
Mrs. Hoffman let out a scoff. 
On the benches. 
The people who had bet on Logan had gathered together. He always won the championship in past years, so he was no longer anyone unusual. Thus, many people had bet on his victory. 
However, all of them were cursing at the moment. 
“Damn it, what is Logan—The Racing King doing? He actually got a woman to race in his stead?” 
“I heard that he injured his leg, so he can’t drive.” 
“Doesn’t that mean we’re gonna lose for sure?! That’s all of my savings, you know?!” 
“That’s too much of him! Make her get off the racecourse. If Logan—The Racing King loses the race, then he deserves it even if he dies in the car. We didn’t spend so much to bet on a woman but on him!” 
“Exactly!”
The group of people shouted, “Get lost!” 
They created a huge scene. Jordan, who was seated at the other side, was also dumbfounded when he saw Nora. He hadn’t expected that. 
However, after the last few days’ events, how could he possibly not defend Nora? 
He reminded the crowd of the rules of the race at once—substitutes were allowed to take over a racer! 
The outraged and indignant group of people were suppressed by him. As a result, all the people in the benches could do was just shout and curse a little. They couldn’t do anything else at all. 
— 
A few minutes ago, Justin had entrusted Pete and the other children to the bodyguards. He got up and walked toward the lounge. 
Lawrence, who was accompanying him, asked, “Where are you going, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin lowered his gaze. “Didn’t they say that the Anderson kid has injured his leg? How is he going to compete?” 
“… Surely you’re not thinking of going into the field yourself, right?” 
Justin’s lips curled into a smile. He replied, “Yeah, it’s been a long time since I last exercised these old arms and legs of mine!” 
Lawrence, “…” 
Mr. Hunt, you sure are going all the way and beyond for Ms. Smith’s sake! 
But isn’t it obviously Ms. Smith who likes you? Why does it seem like you’re the one wooing her now?!
No one dared to intercept or stop Justin, no matter where he went. 
When he reached the lounge, he just so happened to see Nora and the other three people heading to the racecourse. 
He stared at the girl’s graceful figure, his eyes darkening a little as he gazed at the exquisite curve of her back. 
Lawrence was also looking at them. “Is that Ms. Smith? Is she actually going into the field in person?” 
Justin’s reaction, however, was to say, “… Where do you think you’re looking?” 
Lawrence, “” 
His gaze, however, stopped at that waist that looked as if one hand was more than enough to circle around it, as well as those long and powerful legs… 
They silently followed behind the four, upon which they saw Nora getting into the car. 
In the distance. 
“All racers, please get ready.” 
As the announcement rang out, the racers put on their helmets and got into their cars. 
Logan held Nora’s shoulders before she got into the car. Justin’s scorching gaze was fixed on his hands, much as if someone was touching something precious to him… 
Logan instructed, “The ranking doesn’t matter. Your life is what matters the most. You can just take it that you’re driving normally.”
Nora patted him back on his shoulders. The corners of her lips suddenly curled into a smile and she said, “Don’t worry. Just wait for me to return with the first place for you..”
###Chapter 207: She Is Yanci!!!
Chapter 207: She Is Yanci!!! 
Nora went straight into the car after saying that, leaving the other three flabbergasted. 
Mrs. Hoffman said, “… No, Ms. Smith, your life is still more important. Don’t bother too much about the ranking!” 
Logan’s friend also remarked, “My word, are girls nowadays not only wild and arrogant but also such big braggarts?” 
Nora, however, only whistled at them and ignored them. 
She felt as if all the cells in her body were on fire. 
She only felt like this whenever she drove a racing car. It was just like she was filled with fuel and raring to go. She had already stopped listening to what the people outside were saying a long time ago. 
Nearby, Winston and Linson were talking to each other quietly. 
“Mr. Myers, just sit and wait for the Andersons to go bankrupt! I will definitely win!” said Linson. 
Winston replied, “Cut the crap. Ms. Smith thoroughly embarrassed me some time back. Teach her a lesson on the racecourse!” 
Although one could say that his proposal the other time was a gaffe, it had nevertheless embarrassed Winston. On top of that, the two of them had separated on a bad note when they met again just now. 
Since he couldn’t get his hands on a beauty like that, then everyone else could forget about getting their hands on her, too!
Linson’s eyes darkened. “Give it to me straight, Mr. Myers. What kind of lesson are you asking for?” 
On the racecourse, forcing a car to stop or sending a car flying were both within one’s control! 
Linson was lofty and conceited. Apart from Logan, he didn’t think much of anyone else. Thus, he knew that he would have the time and opportunity to engage in such nasty little thoughts. 
Winston’s eyes darkened. 
The woman standing next to him was Tina. 
Ever since she was dismissed by the university, her status in the medical profession had been utterly ruined. Jon had asked her about it when she returned to the Myerses, but she simply refused to reveal the fact that Nora was Anti. 
This was because she knew that once she told them, the Myerses wouldn’t stand up for her anymore. 
Based on Jon’s character, he would definitely compromise and try to make peace with Nora. 
Hence, she hadn’t mentioned it to anyone else all this time. 
Winston had only brought her here today because she pestered him to. Upon hearing their conversation, she immediately said, “The more ruthless, the better!” 
Winston actually wanted to hold back some because Nora was a woman, but Tina held his arm and said, “She’s the one who caused me to be dismissed by the university. Winston, are you unwilling to even help me take revenge for that? Besides, she already has a fiancé…” 
The word ‘fiancé’ made Winston want to ruin the woman. The look in his eyes turned cold and he said, “Do as she says.” 
“Roger!”
Upon receiving the instructions, Linson smirked and got into the car. 
The race was about to start. 
Justin, who had heard their entire conversation, looked absolutely livid. 
Halting the race at once and taking Nora’s place was indeed a good solution, but not only did that woman have great pride, but she also had a lot of personality. Moreover, it seemed like she was very experienced in car racing. If he were to do that, he might end up making her dislike him. 
Yet, if he were to leave her be, he couldn’t help but worry that Linson might really do something to her. 
Justin promptly made his decision. He walked straight to Team Black and grabbed a racer who was about to enter his car. 
The next moment, he put on the helmet that the racer had prepared long ago and got into the car! 
“Hey, who are you? You—” 
The racer panicked. He was about to speak when Lawrence came forward and grabbed him. He blocked what the racer was about to say with just a one-liner: “This is Mr. Hunt.” 
The racer was dumbfounded. 
Team Black had always been in the last place and had never achieved a good ranking in the races before. He was just here to run through the motion with the others, but unexpectedly, Mr. Hunt was actually getting in his car? 
While everyone was absorbed in their own thoughts, the referee suddenly fired the starting pistol!
Following the bang, all the cars charged out. 
“Come on! Come on!” 
The audience was in full swing on the benches. 
Cherry and Pete were in the north and the west benches respectively. Both of them watched Team White’s cars excitedly. 
“Come on, Mommy!” 
“Mommy, you’re the best!” 
Logan and Mrs. Hoffman stood at the sidelines and stared ahead of them nervously. 
His friend said, “This… She seems fine? She’s following the crowd. It’s just that her takeoff was a little too fast.” 
Her takeoff was a little too fast… 
The thought rang out in everyone’s minds. 
Logan’s jaw tensed up tightly, as did his mind. 
It was easy to become unstable if one took off too quickly. In addition, there was a sharp turn not far ahead. Thus, everyone familiar with the racecourse knew that they mustn’t take off too fast. Otherwise, it would be very dangerous at the turn! 
Nora had a daughter! She had a child! 
She mustn’t die here! 
Logan took a couple of steps forward nervously. He regretted letting her go into the field in this instant.
Justin had watched a few races here before, so he knew that there was a sharp turn ahead. Thus, when he saw that Nora had taken off too quickly and was leading far ahead, he was alarmed. 
He didn’t have the luxury to think too much about it anymore. He slammed on the gas pedal and went straight after her, hoping that he could stop her in time while she was turning the corner, or help her out or something… 
On the benches. 
Everyone was also alarmed and nervous. 
Someone said, “Isn’t that female racer going a little too hard at it? This… Is she sick of living?” 
“Oh my god, this is making me panic. What should we do? Will anything happen to her?” 
“Did she see the sharp turn in front? Is it really okay for her to drive like that?” 
“There is no lack of racers getting into accidents every year. The thought of such a beautiful woman perishing makes my heart kinda ache, though!” 
“…” 
Tina and Winston also exchanged a look. 
Winston suddenly smiled and said, “It doesn’t look like Linson even needs to do anything anymore.” 
A hypocritical Tina replied, “This… I never thought of killing her, either. I just wanted Linson to teach her a lesson.” 
Winston chortled when he heard her.
Hidden among the crowd was Joel, who was constantly paying attention to Mia and Brandon. Like an invisible man, no one paid any attention to him. 
He was also staring at Nora at the moment. 
At the thought of the DNA test report, he also became a little worried. 
Nora didn’t know what was on everyone’s minds at the moment. The feeling of moving at extremely high speed made her feel as if her blood was seething. 
She had already noticed the sharp turn ahead a long time ago. 
However, she didn’t slow down. Instead, she rushed straight over! 
As a result, everyone only heard the sharp screech of wheels rubbing against the ground. The next moment… With a beautiful drift, she made the car change the direction it was going in. Then, she continued rushing forward without any reduction in speed! 
Everyone was flabbergasted! 
That drift at extreme speed just now was completely something that a novice would not know. 
Logan’s eyes widened in disbelief… T-the speed of that drift… There was only one person in the entire world who could do it… 
That person was the racer who had participated in an international racing competition a year ago—Yanci! 
Could it be that…
###Chapter 208: Yanci Is Invincible!
Chapter 208: Yanci Is Invincible! 
Logan stared disbelievingly at the car far in the lead on the racecourse in front of him. He suddenly recalled his conversation with Cherry back then: 
“I like car racing, too, yeah! So does my Mommy.” 
“Do you know who Yanci is?” 
“My Mommy doesn’t allow me to tell anyone.” 
Just now, before the girl went into the field, she had said wildly and arrogantly, “Don’t worry. Just wait for me to return with the first place for you…” 
Her demeanor had been casual and lazy when she said that, but now that he thought about it again, there was only affirmation and certainty in her voice. 
Logan’s gaze, as he stared at the sports car, became increasingly hot and fervent. 
Never had he ever thought that the cousin whom he didn’t like would actually turn out to be Yanci, the person he admired the most deep down! 
He couldn’t help but take a step forward and crane his neck to look over. 
Excitement was running through his veins. 
Mrs. Hoffman didn’t know much about car racing, so the sight only made her heart pound in trepidation. She said, “What was going on with Ms. Smith just now? Why does it look like the wheels were about to catch fire?!”
As for Logan’s friend, he merely swallowed hard and uttered, “Oh my god!” 
In the benches. 
Those who initially weren’t optimistic about Nora suddenly stood up. 
Someone rubbed their eyes and asked hesitantly, “Were my eyes deceiving me just now? Or did she just luck out?” 
“That angle, that speed, that drift… Without a few years of racing experience under their belt, I’m afraid no one can do it, right?” 
“… So, it really isn’t a fluke? Was it because youth knows no fear, or was she just bold because she knows what she’s doing?” 
“Is that really something a woman can do?” 
The race went on in full swing. 
Nora’s car was leading far ahead while the cars in second and third places were very close. One was a car from Team Black, which was ranked last in the world of racing, while the other was Linson. 
The look on Winston’s face had changed. 
Tina was even frowning. She said, “What’s wrong with Linson? Isn’t he supposedly very impressive? Yet he can’t even outrun a woman?” 
A sullen-faced Winston snapped, “What do you know? Who can outrun that kind of speed? Even Logan in his prime would pale a little in comparison!” 
Tina didn’t believe him. “How can that be? She’s a woman!”
That woman was Anti! 
There was no way Anti could accomplish her surgical achievements without a few years of experience, whereas racing also required practice. 
It was impossible for a person to have that much energy! 
Winston’s gaze, however, became rather scorching. He swallowed and said, “A woman who can drive a sports car well is definitely an intense one right down to her bones! She has enough kick in her for sure! I suddenly can’t quite bear to part with her anymore!” 
A sense of acerbity welled up in Tina upon hearing his words. 
She tugged at Winston, took a deep breath, and said, “You’re my fiancé!” 
Winston looked at her and smiled. “Am I?” 
His two-worded rhetorical question made Tina choke. 
In order to get rid of Winston and also to deal with Nora back then, Tina had taken the initiative to break off their engagement, and also said that she had only treated him as a brother. 
Later, because she had no way out anymore, she had returned obediently and climbed into Winston’s bed. Only then did the two of them get back together. 
She knew that because she had always been the one to treat Ian’s illness at the Smiths, there was no way Jon would give himself a slap in the face and say that her skills or character as a doctor was bad. Therefore, even if no one among the surgeons’ community acknowledged her anymore, she still had the world of alternative medicine to turn to! 
Therefore, Jon had given tacit approval with regard to this and hadn’t brought it up ever again.
Tina knew that she could no longer indulge in the wishful thinking, that was Justin, anymore, so she had to have Winston firmly in her grasp. 
She couldn’t help but say sourly, “Yes, you are. Besides, what’s the use, no matter how beautiful the woman is? Isn’t it all the same once the lights are off at night?” 
Winston burst into laughter at once. He glanced at her again and replied, “Yes, it’s all the same.” 
Tina, “…” 
She couldn’t help but feel like he was indirectly insulting her! 
She looked at the racecourse viciously, hoping that Linson would make life difficult for that woman later. It would be best if he caused her death on the racecourse! 
She clenched her fists. 
— 
Justin, who was in Team Black’s sports car, was also stunned. 
He hadn’t expected Nora to actually maneuver the turn ahead so easily when the angle was so tricky. The corners of his lips slowly curled into a smile, and he suddenly thought of the international racer Yanci. 
Nationality: American 
Gender: Female 
He didn’t expect Yanci to actually be her!
That woman sure gave him surprises everywhere. 
Justin wasn’t very interested in sports cars, but he did occasionally drive a few laps for stress relief. He had never participated in a race before, but clever people were able to easily handle everything. 
After turning a corner, he saw Linson suddenly taking a shortcut. He was probably going to catch up to Nora. 
Justin frowned. 
Although Nora had a high level of skill, she nevertheless suffered from the disadvantage of being unfamiliar with the terrain. There was actually a shortcut one could take after the turn, but she didn’t know about it. 
Additionally, Linson was planning to rush over and hit the car later. With the front of his car ramming into the body of Nora’s car, the faster her speed was, the more dangerous it would be for her! 
Justin stepped on the gas pedal again and rushed straight toward Linson. 
Linson had taken a shortcut, so it would take about ten seconds for him to go over from his position. Going by that woman’s speed, she would also pass by in front of him ten seconds later. 
When that happened, he would need only to speed up and he would be able to send her flying together with the car! 
A racer whose car was overturned would almost certainly end up disabled. In fact, their life might even be at risk. 
A triumphant look appeared in Linson’s eyes at the thought.
He indeed hadn’t expected a woman to drive so well in a race, but so what even if she drove well? This would probably be the only day of her racing career! 
A vicious and ruthless look burst forth in Linson’s eyes. 
If he were to control his speed and direction well, hitting her car that way would only cause some damage to his car at the most. In contrast, the other party would be sent flying. In that case, he would still be the champion! 
Linson’s lips curled up slightly as he approached the intersection. 
Seemingly having heard the hum of his opponent’s engine, he immediately accelerated and rushed forward!! 
But at this point! 
A black and white sports car suddenly rushed up beside him and overtook him, forcing him into the lane on the other side. 
An intense screech resulting from friction reached him. Linson’s pupils shrank, and he subconsciously turned the steering wheel. 
The two cars rubbed hard against each other! 
Bam! 
Linson’s car was thrown out. Justin’s car also swayed unsteadily as it charged ahead. 
The car that was sent flying in midair overturned again and again until it reached the sides of the racecourse, only coming to a stop after it overturned a few times. It was unknown whether the person
inside was dead or alive. 
Justin’s car was also heavily damaged in the collision. 
However, he didn’t stop the car or halt the competition. Instead, he continued ahead after turning the corner and followed after Nora! 
Justin, “…” 
He stepped on the brakes again but found that the brakes weren’t working. He knew that this was because the car had suffered serious damage in the collision just now. 
The brakes had failed.. What should he do now?
###Chapter 209: Angel’s Kiss
Chapter 209: Angel’s Kiss 
Nora had actually already noticed when Linson wanted to charge toward her and run into her car at the corner. 
As a professional racer, she did at least still possess that bit of vigilance in her. 
When she missed the intersection, she had immediately realized that she was on the wrong path. 
And the moment she heard the revving of the engine, she had realized Linson’s intentions. Thus, her lips curled into a smile, and she suddenly stepped on the gas pedal and sped up. 
So, Linson wanted to ram his car into hers? 
Heh, they could talk about it again when he caught up to her instead. 
Just as she charged over with a whoosh, she heard a loud bang—the cars in second and third places had actually collided! 
Linson’s car overturned as it went flying out. His fate would now lie in the hands of God. 
As for the car in third place—in other words, the car from Team Black—it was obvious from its exterior that it had sustained very serious damage, yet it was still following behind her closely! On top of that, it didn’t look like it had any intentions of slowing down! 
Nora silently gave him a thumbs-up. 
Mm, as expected of a racer. He sure was professional!
In addition, his speed was increasing further and further. From the looks of it, he was going to overtake her soon. 
To think there was actually an expert racer like that in the States. 
The corners of Nora’s lips curled upward, and she suddenly found herself full of fighting spirit. Thus, she sped up and continued to defend her leading position. 
The two of them chased after each other and went a few full laps. Even when they reached the final lap, there still wasn’t much of a distance between Nora’s car and Team Black’s. 
In fact, the two cars were even moving side by side. 
The lane was narrow. Nora sped up, but the other party was not to be outdone, either. 
Nora suddenly looked over and gave a thumbs-up to the Team Black racer to express her admiration for him. She didn’t expect that there would be a racer who was even faster than her! 
Justin, who was in Team Black’s car, was very miserable at the moment. 
The racing track was relatively slippery, causing the car to go faster and faster. He couldn’t stop at all. 
If this went on, it would definitely be the end of him. 
Yet, that woman was actually giving him a thumbs-up at a time like this? 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. All of a sudden, he took off his helmet and yelled at the top of his lungs, “My brakes are broken. Stay away!” 
He might not be able to control the car’s speed, but he could let the car rub against the lane and slow it down with friction. During the few laps just now, he had also been observing the lane and trying to come up with the most feasible solution.
However, this particular method was a little too dangerous. 
Therefore, he absolutely had to inform Nora about it and have her move away, lest it accidentally injured her! 
Nora, “” 
She looked at his familiar but anxious-looking countenance in astonishment. She had never expected Team Black’s racer to actually be Justin. 
That man actually had a hobby of racing? 
Also… His brakes were broken? 
In a split second, she realized that the car must have sustained the damage during the battle with Linson just now. 
So, should she listen to him and move away like he was telling her to? 
Nora hesitated for only 0.1 seconds before she made her decision. 
Ah, well. 
Even though custody issues wouldn’t exist anymore once the children’s father was dead, should he really die, Cherry and Pete would probably be very sad. Cheering the children up would be kinda troublesome. 
As soon as the thought formed, Nora’s lips suddenly curled into a smile. She said, “Wait for me.” 
Justin was stunned when he heard those three words. 
The next moment, he saw Nora’s car suddenly speeding up!
After going a few laps, her car’s speed had already reached the highest it could go. Nobody knew how she did it, but she suddenly overtook him. 
On top of that, her car suddenly drifted at a spot more than 100 meters ahead to execute a huge 180- degrees U-turn, thereby becoming face-to-face with Justin’s! 
Justin’s pupils shrank. 
His car would definitely ram into hers! 
But as soon as the thought formed in his mind, Nora’s car suddenly started to retreat, speeding up as it did so. In no time, the speed at which it retreated reached one that was almost the same as his. 
And then! 
The two cars made contact with each other, bumper to bumper. 
The next moment, with one in front of the other, the two cars crossed the finish line. After that, Nora started to slow down, using friction generated by the car to slowly reduce the two cars’ speed until they finally came to a stop. 
The benches were filled with silence. 
Only the sound of the rest of the cars’ engines and the rubbing against the racing tracks could be heard in the entire venue. A whole twenty seconds after the cars stopped, Nora finally pushed the door open and got out of the car. All of a sudden, the whole place erupted into fervent applause!! 
“How exciting! Oh my god, that was an Angel’s Kiss just now, right? How romantic!”
“Ahhhh! I’ve actually become a fan of a car couple! Team White and Team Black… Aren’t they totally a match made in heaven? How is it that I actually want two sports cars to fall in love?!” 
“Oh my god! I’ve never seen such an exciting race before. Linson was sent flying and dropped out of the race. He’s seriously injured now, with even his leg broken. Even if he survives, he can forget about ever racing again for the rest of his life! Also, a dark horse has suddenly appeared in Team Black? Just who is he? To think he can actually achieve a result as amazing as first runner-up!” 
“Never in this lifetime of mine would I have ever thought that I would want two cars to fall in love.” 
Jordan, who had hurried over upon hearing the news, heaved a sigh of relief. 
He had heard about Justin requisitioning Team Black’s car, running into Linson’s car and sending him flying, as well as his brakes subsequently failing the moment these events happened. 
Should anything untoward happen to Mr. Hunt in his racetracks, the Hoffmans would be a goner! 
But unexpectedly! 
Ms. Smith had actually saved Mr. Hunt! 
She had in turn saved their family again! 
In the racecourse. 
Justin also opened his car’s door and got out of the low racing car. He looked rather sullen at the moment. He had actually been somewhat confident of making the car stop with friction. 
Nora’s actions were simply too dangerous. The slightest bit of mishandling would have led to both cars getting into accidents.
He was already in danger, so never mind about him. 
But what about her? 
Even though that was what he was thinking, the moment he spotted that pretty and lovely figure leaning against the sports car with her chin up and looking at him all challenging and bad-ass, he suddenly wasn’t angry anymore—because he had suddenly realized that she was aware of all the risks and danger, but she was simply just that confident. 
His lips curled into a smile, and his expression returned to normal as he slowly walked toward Nora. He ruffled his hair that had been flattened by the helmet and said unhurriedly, “I didn’t think that you loved me that much, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora, “?” 
The corners of Justin’s lips quirked upward as he said, “Doesn’t what you did just now look like the two cars were kissing?” 
Nora, “” 
Justin took another step forward. He lowered his voice and said, “What was even more unexpected was that you actually love me so much that you were willing to take such a huge risk, even if it meant that you would die with me.” 
Nora, “” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. She couldn’t help but wish time could go back to two minutes ago. If so, she definitely wouldn’t give herself such trouble. 
Please just let that narcissist go to hell!
— 
In the benches, Joel was glad to see that both of them were safe. 
His cell phone rang at this moment. No one knew what the caller said, but his expression changed drastically in an instant. He turned to the bodyguard and instructed, “Take good care of Mia and make sure that she goes home safely. Something has happened to Uncle Ian.. I’m going to the hospital to take a look!”
###Chapter 210: DNA Test Report
Chapter 210: DNA Test Report 
Joel left quietly and did not attract much attention. He had come anonymously anyway. 
However, in the venue, Nora’s competition had caused a sensation. 
Justin and Nora came together from the racing track. As soon as they left the competition grounds, Logan and the others went up to them. Logan’s friend immediately said, “Hey, sister, who on earth are you? You’re actually so powerful! That speed, that angle, and your eyesight are simply too good!” 
Nora did not say anything. She glanced at Logan and saw that the eyes of the originally arrogant young man, who was usually cold to her, were burning with passion. 
He was still silent and spoke little, but his attitude had clearly changed. 
He must have recognized her. 
Her almond-shaped eyes glanced at him before she threw the helmet to him. “Help me bring it back.” 
She did not feel comfortable in this tight suit either. After saying this, she went to the lounge and changed back into her black outfit. 
When she came out of the lounge, Jordan happened to walk over and was chatting with Logan. 
He patted Logan’s shoulder and laughed out loud. “Ms. Smith is simply godlike. She always surprises people, making us feel like everything is simple in the world.” 
Logan nodded. “Yes, she’s very powerful.”
Jordan winked at Logan and deliberately lowered his voice at this moment. “Little Brother, she’s Yanci, right?” 
Logan did not answer yes or deny it. 
Jordan seemed to have understood something and patted his head immediately. “It’s true. Speaking of which, I once said that Yanci and I are more familiar than you. But I didn’t expect the two of you to be family! Now that I think of it, it’s so awkward!” 
Logan, “…” 
He was embarrassed to say that he had just found out that this sister was Yanci. 
Seeing Nora walking over, Logan hurriedly handed over the helmet in his hand. 
Nora asked, “Can you help me bring it home?” 
It was quite heavy. Anyway, Logan had a professional basket carrier. 
Logan said, “That’s not what I meant. I mean, can you sign an autograph?” 
Nora, “?” 
“… I plan to keep it as a memento.” 
“…” 
— 
Elsewhere. 
Seeing that Nora had won first place and Justin had won second place, Pete was very happy. He slowly smiled and slipped to the toilet beside Mia and Brandon while they were not paying attention.
Cherry was hiding there. When the two children met, Cherry immediately said, “Brother, let’s switch back. I miss Mommy!” 
Pete, “…Okay.” 
Although he was a little unwilling to leave his mother and be with the tyrant, since his sister had made this request, he had to agree unconditionally. 
As the two of them spoke, they changed their clothes. 
Then, Cherry skipped over to Mia and Brandon. 
— 
Justin went off stage. When he saw that heartless woman changing her clothes, he prepared to leave. 
In order to not bring Pete back and ensure that the child he brought back was his daughter, Justin deliberately dawdled for a while longer. When he heard from the bodyguard that Nora had left with the three children, he walked out and went to Pete. 
When he saw the little fellow, he suddenly squatted down and smiled. He asked, “Little Pete, was Daddy cool just now?” 
His daughter was a face-judger and must have seen what happened earlier. 
The reason he asked again was to deepen his daughter’s impression of him. 
He could almost imagine his daughter turning soft and replying cutely, “Daddy is the most handsome!”
However, he did not expect the little fellow to suddenly reach out and touch his head after staring at him for a while. “Daddy, you haven’t been seeing the family doctor lately?” 
Justin, “?” 
The smile on his face froze. He stared at the child in front of him for a long time before suddenly realizing something. 
His entire body was about to split apart. Where was his soft and affectionate daughter?! 
Pete was also a little confused. How did the tyrant suddenly become like this? 
He even used that indescribable expression and asked for praise… He wondered if the tyrant’s soul had been pierced by someone! 
Pete shook his head silently and turned to walk behind him. He wished he could cover his face so that no one would know that he was his father. 
He said in a muffled voice, “Daddy, you only got second place. Mommy is first. No wonder you can’t get Mommy after so long.” 
“…” 
Sensing his son’s disdain, Justin coughed and stood up straight. “Don’t you know how to praise people?” 
— 
“Mommy, you were so cool today! Even if I use an earth-shattering amount of power, your handsomeness can’t be described with words. Especially that move of the beauty saving the hero at the end. That was amazing! You should let daddy devote his life to you!” 
On the way back to the Andersons’, Cherry’s little mouth never stopped moving.
Although she was already immune to her words, Nora, who was driving, still twitched her lips. “Who taught you that phrase?” 
Cherry tilted her head. “It was Aunt and Grandma!” 
Nora, “…Don’t listen to everything other people say in the future.” 
“Okay! But mommy, I missed you so much! I missed you so much that my heart almost grew wings and flew over! Mommy, did you miss me?” 
The little fellow had a sweet mouth and bright eyes. 
Nora looked at her through the rearview mirror and only said, “So noisy.” 
Cherry immediately shut her mouth aggrievedly. She endured it and couldn’t help but ask, “Mommy, Brother isn’t noisy. Do you like him and not me?” 
Nora, “…No.” 
The little fellow’s expression immediately turned cheerful. “That’s good! You have to love both of us at the same time. Let me tell you, Dad and Mom can’t be biased!” 
“…” 
— 
At this moment, in the VIP ward of the hospital. 
Joel rushed over in a hurry. When he reached the door of the ward, he happened to see a few nurses standing outside with bated breaths. They did not even dare to breathe. It was enough to see how angry Ian was in the ward.
He first looked for the attending doctor and asked about his condition. 
The attending doctor said, “Although Mr. Smith is very angry, perhaps it’s hatred or resentment, but for some reason, he actually has some desire to live…” 
Suddenly, he has the will to live? 
This was logically a good thing. 
At the thought of this, Joel pushed open the ward door. The moment he entered, he saw Ian sitting on the bed with a blank face. He exuded a vitality he had never felt before. 
In the past, he would not be able to do anything. But now, his face was ashen and he was clearly angry. 
In front of him was the DNA report that Quentin had done…
###Chapter 211: Listen to Third Uncle’s Arrangement
Chapter 211: Listen to Third Uncle’s Arrangement 
When he saw the report, Joel held his breath. He finally knew the reason. The person who had controlled the Smiths for many years now lowered his head like a child who had done something wrong. He anxiously explained, “Uncle, I…” 
“Smack!” 
Ian threw the report on the ground as if he was venting his anger. Then, he closed his eyes tightly as his chest heaved rapidly. 
Seeing him like this, Joel was extremely nervous. He took a step forward again. “Uncle, I didn’t let you see it because I was afraid you would be angry. Please calm down…” 
Ian took a few deep breaths before suppressing the anger in his chest. His fingers trembled slightly. “You shouldn’t have hidden it from me.” 
Joel sighed. “I was afraid your body couldn’t take it.” 
Ian closed his eyes. “That’s not why you hid it from me.” 
Joel lowered his head respectfully and did not say anything else. 
After a moment, Ian waved him away. Joel looked at him and turned to leave the ward. 
He went out the door. At this moment, Quentin stepped forward and asked, “How is Third Uncle?” 
Joel frowned at him.
Quentin immediately waved his hand and said, “Don’t look at me like that. Third Uncle wanted me to report it to him, I couldn’t possibly defy him.” 
The entire Smith family was able to reach this stage because of Ian. 
Ian’s status in the family could be seen from Joel’s attitude. Although he had already retired from power many years ago, no one in the Smith family dared to disrespect him as everyone knew Ian’s methods back then. 
Joel took a deep breath. “He’s alright.” 
Quentin was relieved to see that he was not being held responsible. 
After a while, he suddenly asked, “What should we do now? That Nora… should we bring her home?” 
Joel frowned and looked at him unhappily. “We’ll wait for Third Uncle to decide, what we need to do now is find Anti!” 
“…Yes.” 
— 
Nora brought Cherry home. After entering, she went upstairs to wash up and prepare to sleep. Cherry quietly climbed onto her bed and looked at her with a pair of dark eyes filled with resentment. 
Nora yawned and asked, “If you have something to say, say it.” 
Cherry sighed and held her chin with both hands. “Mommy, did you forget something?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What?” 
Cherry sighed again like a villain. “Did you help me look for my Sponsor Grandpa?”
Nora, “” 
She seemed to have really forgotten about this. 
Initially, she thought that it was just a game between children and would be over in two days. She did not expect her to be so persistent. Nora stretched lazily and said, “I’m tired today. I’ll help you find him tomorrow.” 
Cherry, “…” 
She climbed out of bed silently and walked to the study room. She took out her phone and called Solo, who was overseas. “Hello, Uncle Solo!” 
“Cherry, what’s wrong?” Solo was clearly still sleepy. 
Cherry asked, “Can you do me a favor?” 
Solo asked subconsciously, “Where’s your mom? Why are you looking for me?” 
“She’s sleeping.” 
“… Okay, I understand.” 
After telling Solo her request, Cherry did a live-stream for a while. The second-best, Sponsor Daddy, came to her live-stream as always and gave her some money. He even asked her what she had eaten for dinner. 
Cherry replied, “I ate soup dumplings. Aunt’s cooking is too delicious!” 
JH: “Yes. Has your mom eaten?” 
Cherry replied, “No, she’s sleeping.”
JH: “…” 
— 
The next day, Cherry woke up in the morning and sent a message to Solo asking about her Sponsor Grandpa. 
Unfortunately, Solo’s reply disappointed her. 
[I haven’t broken through the other party’s firewall. Do you think I’m that skilled?] 
Cherry could only put down her phone silently. She went to the kindergarten that she had not attended in a long time. 
At the kindergarten. 
“Miss Lily, do you feel like Cherry has been much quieter lately?” 
Miss Lynn asked the other teacher in their class worriedly. 
Miss Lily nodded immediately. “You noticed it too? In the past, Cherry had always been very lively. She had always smiled at everyone and spoken sweetly. But now, she seems to have become much quieter. Is it because Terence said that she doesn’t have a father? Has she suffered a blow?” 
Miss Lynn immediately said, “Why don’t we look for the school doctor to give her a psychotherapy session later?” 
“I think it’s very necessary!” 
As the two of them chatted, Tanya arrived with Cherry.
The little girl was wearing a small dress. She skipped as she walked, and her short hair moved up and down with her movements. She was lively and adorable like a little sun. 
The moment she entered and saw the two teachers, Cherry extended her hand and greeted them. “Hello, Miss Lynn~ Your earrings today are really beautiful! They make your face look so small!” 
Miss Lynn was overjoyed. 
Cherry then said to Miss Lily, “Miss Lily, have you lost weight again? This dress is getting bigger!” 
Miss Lily, who was on a diet and was feeling depressed from hunger, also felt more energetic after hearing this. 
After greeting them, Cherry skipped to the classroom, leaving the two teachers to look at each other and smile. 
“Cherry is fine!” 
“I don’t think she needs to see that psychiatrist anymore!” 
— 
In the classroom. 
As soon as Cherry entered the classroom, the children around her surrounded her. 
Cherry was very happy to see her friends, whom she had not seen in a few days. 
But the children were worried about her. 
“Cherry, did you offend Terence again? He said that your father is not Justin, and is going to teach you a lesson today!”
“Cherry, you’re in trouble! Jimmy has a good temper and Terence is famous for being a devil incarnate! Jimmy’s father only raised one man-eating tiger, but Terrence’s father has raised several!” 
“I also heard that Terence’s father would stuff a lot of rats into a person’s stomach and let them crawl out. It would be so painful that you would rather die!” 
“Cherry, you’re in big trouble!” 
Just as everyone was discussing fervently, Terence suddenly appeared at the classroom door. 
When they saw him, everyone instantly became nervous and stood in front of Cherry. 
“Terence, you can’t bully Cherry!” 
“Even if Cherry’s father isn’t Justin, you can’t bully her!” 
“Yes, Mia was the one who said that Cherry’s father was Justin. If you want to blame someone, then blame Mia!” 
“Hmph, he’s bullying Cherry because he doesn’t dare to bully Mia!” 
Cherry, who was protected by everyone, was speechless. 
She blinked her eyes and patted the students in front of her. “Get out of the way. I’m fine!” 
However, the students were worried. 
“No, Terence is half a head taller than you. You can’t beat him!” 
“Let’s go get the teacher!” 
“Cherry, don’t be afraid!”
Amidst the chattering students, Terence’s lips twitched. 
He was just here to apologize and not eat her up.. Was there a need to be so agitated?
###Chapter 212: The School of Martial Arts?
Chapter 212: The School of Martial Arts? 
When Terence entered their class, the children acted like a huge tiger had entered their class. 
They all thought that Cherry was going to be beaten up, but Terence unexpectedly came right up to her and smiled at her. “Cherry, I’ll allow you to play with us from now on!” 
After saying that, he raised his chin. 
At home, his father had said not to have any conflict with Cherry. The Hunts were not to be trifled with, so he wanted him to give in. 
When Cherry heard this, she glanced at Terence and said indifferently, “Oh, but I don’t like playing with you.” 
Terence: “…” 
His expression darkened. “What did you say?” 
Cherry was not afraid at all. There was no such word as fear in her dictionary. She had been raised wild by Nora since she was young, and was very bold. 
She looked up and answered cutely, “I said, I don’t like playing with you!” 
“…” 
Terence was furious. He stretched out his hand and pointed at her. “Even if you’re Justin’s daughter, don’t be ungrateful! Your father has to be polite when he talks to my father! Besides, do you know that I can bring you into the Quinn School of Martial Arts if you play with me?”
Cherry blinked. “The Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Terence raised his chin. “Yes, the Quinn School of Martial Arts! Hmph! My father is an unofficial disciple of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Other than the direct disciples, he has the highest status there. Do you know what the Quinn School of Martial Arts is? It can be considered one of the biggest sects in the pugilistic world right now! There’s still the Quinn School of Martial Arts in New York!” 
After saying that, he was very proud. “Justin is very polite to my father because of this!” 
Cherry, “!!” 
So Terence’s father was Grandpa Quinn’s unofficial disciple? 
Terence said again, “So don’t think my father is afraid of you! That’s not true! My father just doesn’t want to make things too ugly. You don’t want to play with me? I don’t want to play with you either!” 
Terence left a childish message and turned to walk towards the door. Halfway there, he suddenly turned back and looked at the person beside him. “Whoever wants to go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts can look for me. But this opportunity is only for those who play with me and listen to me~” 
Most of the children were full of admiration. Furthermore, as long as they wanted to strengthen their bodies, their parents would be willing to let them enroll in a martial arts class. 
However, the Quinn School of Martial Arts did not open any training classes and only cultivated real successors of martial arts. 
Therefore, it was very difficult for them to learn martial arts there at such a young age because it was not just about money. 
Everyone knew that Mr. Quinn was not poor at all! 
Therefore, everyone looked at Terence enviously.
Some children could not stand this temptation and directly asked, “Can we really go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Terence scoffed. “Hmph, that’s right! My father is an unofficial disciple. If you want to go in and learn, he can make it happen with just a word! A few of our brothers went to learn martial arts, and the Quinn School of Martial Arts specially opened a small training class for me!” 
Everyone, “!” 
The children were all attracted to Terence. 
Terence raised his chin proudly and snorted. “Do you want to play with me?” 
The little guys shouted in unison, “Yes!” 
Terence looked at Cherry. “Then you guys can play with me, but you’re not allowed to play with her! Can you do that?” 
When he said this, all the children fell silent. All of them were extremely conflicted. 
“I don’t want to!” 
Brandon appeared at the door and walked over to stand beside Cherry. “Boss, don’t worry. I won’t abandon you!” 
“Me too!” 
Mia, who had entered with Brandon, agreed softly, looking timid.
Brandon looked at the children around him. “Are you guys being disloyal? Are you not going to be friends with Cherry just because you want to study martial arts in the Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Terence sneered. “Hmph. Do you know how rare an opportunity it is to go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to learn martial arts?” 
In order to let him learn martial arts from them without entering Quinn School of Martial Arts, Paul had spent a lot of effort. In the end, he still found a disciple to teach him before Mr. Quinn agreed. 
When Terence brought a few good friends to practice with him, those disciples already had ions. If he brought a few more… it would probably be even more difficult. 
However, Terence could only use this matter to win. 
At most, he would just go home and make a scene and let his father think of a solution! 
After saying that, Terence looked at the group of children. “I’ll give you five seconds. Do you choose to play with me or with Cherry? Five, four, three…” 
Most of the children in kindergarten were young. When he counted, half of them wavered. 
“I… I want to go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to learn martial arts! I don’t want to be bullied when I grow up!” 
A boy suddenly raised his hand and shouted as he ran behind Terence. 
The other children immediately agreed. “Me too!” 
“Me too!” 
Amidst the shouting, nearly two-thirds of the students in the class stood on Terence’s side, facing Cherry.
Someone else said quietly, “I can go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts if I just don’t play with Cherry, right? I don’t want to bully Cherry, but I can ignore her!” 
Terence raised his chin. “Of course!” 
Thus, more children joined Terence’s team. 
Soon, there were only five people left beside Cherry. 
Brandon stared at Terence, who looked at them eagerly, but he kept emphasizing, “I don’t want to learn martial arts! It’s sweaty and dirty…” 
But his eyes betrayed him. 
Brandon had always liked to be loyal. Otherwise, the others would not have called him ‘Boss’ in the kindergarten. 
Terence saw through his thoughts and seduced him. “Brandon, are you coming? You’re from the Smiths. If you play with me, I’ll let you study with us first. How about that?” 
Brandon’s eyes lit up. 
However, when he looked at Cherry, the light in his eyes gradually dimmed. He emphasized, “I can’t betray my boss!” 
Mia nodded. “We can’t betray Cherry!” 
Cherry was extremely touched. She held Brandon’s little hand and asked, “Do you want to study martial arts?” 
Brandon: “…I don’t! Don’t worry, I won’t betray you!”
Cherry immediately said, “No, if you want to learn, I can help you!” 
Brandon, “?” 
Terence, “?” 
Terence suddenly laughed. “Cherry, you’re bragging again! No, even if your father is Justin, the Quinn School of Martial Arts would not take you in! Do you think that you can enter it just because you have money and power?” 
As soon as he said this, Cherry picked up her phone and called Mr. Quinn. “Hello, Grandpa Quinn.. I missed you!…”
###Chapter 213: Taking Over The Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Affairs?
Chapter 213: Taking Over The Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Affairs? 
Mr. Quinn was currently sleeping. When he heard this, he immediately became energetic and said loudly, “Aiyo, my Cherry is a big treasure! You finally remembered that I’m here! I don’t know why, but Pete hasn’t been practicing martial arts lately! How strange!” 
Cherry grinned. “Because he’s very busy!” 
He has been busy helping her attend kindergarten! 
Mr. Quinn smiled. “Alright, alright, alright. He’s busy. Why didn’t you come to see your Grandpa Quinn?” 
Cherry looked at Brandon and said, “Grandpa Quinn, I’m going to see you this weekend. Can I bring my friend along?” 
Mr. Quinn laughed. “Of course! Cherry’s friend is my friend! This is your house, so you can come as you please! Do you think I’m your mother who only knows how to sleep all day? She doesn’t let you bring your friends home because she’s afraid that you’ll disturb her sleep!” 
Hearing Mr. Quinn say this about Nora, Cherry was instantly unhappy. “Mommy is not like that! …” 
“Okay, okay, okay. You’re Nora’s diehard fan. I can’t say anything bad about her. You can come over this weekend. Grandpa Quinn will prepare delicious desserts for you and let you entertain your little friends. Okay?” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
Cherry hung up after chatting with Mr. Quinn excitedly. When she looked up again, she saw a group of children looking at her in shock. 
Brandon was simple-minded and did not think too much about it. He directly said, “Boss, your connections are too wide? You even know Mr. Quinn?” 
Cherry nodded. “Yes! Grandpa Quinn has always wanted me to practice martial arts, but it’s too tiring. My mommy will feel sorry for me, so I refused! If you want to practice, I’ll let Grandpa Quinn teach you!” 
Mr. Quinn doted on her very much. If she made a small request, he would definitely agree to it! 
Brandon clapped. “Awesome! Cherry, this is awesome! I can go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts~! Mia, you can come too!” 
Mia looked at Cherry hesitantly, feeling a little disappointed. 
Today, Cherry had become a little girl again. If everyone liked her, they would not take special care of her. However, she also liked this lively Cherry very much. 
Mia asked timidly, “Can I come too?” 
Due to her poor health, she was small and thin. She could not participate in many sports programs. Furthermore, when most classes heard that she was Joel’s daughter, they did not dare to accept her. They were afraid that she would bump into someone, and could not afford to offend the Smiths. 
Cherry patted her chest. “Of course!” 
Mia’s eyes lit up. “Yay!” 
Seth, who had not been bewitched by Terence the entire time, said weakly, “Cherry, I want to go too…”
After saying that, he looked at Cherry carefully. That cold and introverted little handsome boy had long changed. 
In the past, Cherry liked to stick to him the most. To be honest, he liked Cherry too. Therefore, he did not like to play with other girls and just wanted to play with her. 
However, after she became better at Mathematical Olympiad, she stopped paying attention to him. After class, he wanted to hold her hand, but she would force him to back away with her gaze. 
Cherry had been distancing herself from him and was no longer playing with him… 
She probably wouldn’t bring him to Quinn School of Martial Arts, right? 
With this in mind, he sighed silently in his heart and prepared to hide in a corner. However, the next moment, his hand was held by Cherry. He looked up and saw her smiling. “Seth, why are you leaving? Why aren’t you sitting with me?” 
Seth, “?” 
His eyes lit up. “Do you agree to let me sit beside you?” 
“Of course! Also, come with me to Quinn School of Martial Arts this weekend. You’re the best-looking boy in our class. Grandpa Quinn will definitely like you!” 
“…” 
As the children chatted, Terence laughed. “Cherry, you really know how to brag! I think that old man just now is also surnamed Quinn, right? Anyway, he can’t be the head of Quinn School of Martial Arts! You’re just pretending!”
Cherry couldn’t be bothered to argue with him. “My mommy said that people with sh*t in their brains are sh*t no matter what! Terence, why do you like to say that others are pretending? Don’t tell me…” 
Terence was furious. “Cherry, how dare you scold me!” 
Cherry blinked. “Scold you? I never pointed you out. Why are you so eager to admit that your brain is full of sh*t?” 
Terence: “…!!” 
When he was dealing with Cherry previously, Cherry had always been silent. Why did she become so sharp-tongued now?! 
Furious, he turned and left the room, taking out his phone to call his father. 
Paul picked up quickly. “Terence, what’s wrong?” 
Terence cried. “Dad, Cherry said that she and Mr. Quinn are very close. Is that true?” 
Paul immediately laughed loudly. “How is that possible? If her father wasn’t Justin, she might really have known Mr. Quinn. But her father is Justin, the direct disciple of the Irvin School of Martial Arts. Who doesn’t know that these two schools are arch-enemies! In New York, everyone has to give Justin face, except for the Quinn School of Martial Arts! Don’t worry, Mr. Quinn hates Justin so much!” 
Only then did Terence feel relieved. 
Quinn School of Martial Arts was his capital to show off in kindergarten. It could not become something for Cherry to show off! 
He then said, “Dad, I want to bring a few friends to Quinn School of Martial Arts to practice martial arts. Is that okay?”
Paul was stunned for a moment before smiling. “Alright, I’ll think of a way for you to bring five more friends. You can choose who these five people are!” 
“Yes! I love Daddy the most!” 
After hanging up excitedly, Terence rushed to the classroom and looked up. “I’ve already asked my father. It’s impossible for you to know Mr. Quinn!” 
He then looked at everyone beside him. “And the few of you, if you want to play with Cherry, you won’t play with me, right? Alright, I’ve added five more spots. You can go to Quinn School of Martial Arts this weekend!” 
“Cherry, I’ll see you at Quinn School of Martial Arts this weekend! Remember to come! You’re a loser if you don’t come!” 
After saying this, he turned around and left with the others. 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Nora woke up and realized that there were several missed calls. 
She yawned and called back. The other party’s voice sounded. “Miss Smith, I’m Lucas. When are you coming to Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Nora, “?” 
“Master is old, and you’re his last disciple. Therefore, you’ll be in charge of all the matters in Quinn School of Martial Arts in the future!” 
Nora, “!!”
She yawned again. “I’m not interested!” 
However, just as she was about to hang up, the other party said, “Miss Smith, Master is old. He woke up this morning and coughed.” 
Nora’s hand paused slightly. 
Lucas seemed to sense it and said excitedly, “Miss Smith, there’s something today. An unofficial disciple wants to send his son here to learn martial arts and strengthen his body. We’ve already prepared a class for him. He called today and said he wants to send five more children over.. Do you think…”
###Chapter 214: Daughter and Sister Control
Chapter 214: Daughter and Sister Control 
“If you run out of money, you can ask me for it.” 
Nora’s cold voice traveled over. “How did you end up in a training class?” 
Lucas could hear her displeasure and immediately understood something. He said directly, “I understand what you mean! And…” 
“Lucas, Master is coughing?” Nora interrupted him. 
Lucas agreed, “I knew Miss Smith cared about Master. You’re cold on the outside but warm on the inside…” 
“Two taels of herb, three taels of chrysanthemum…” Nora gave him a bunch of names for medicine and flower tea. Then, she continued, “Warm up a bowl of water for him to drink every day. It will ensure that he’s refreshed. His lungs will be revitalized, and his body will be healthy. It won’t be a problem for him to live to 180 years old. When that time comes, Cherry or Pete would have grown up.” 
Lucas: “?” 
Nora yawned again. “If he’s sick, look for a doctor. Is there anything else?” 
Lucas: “?” 
“I’m hanging up.” 
Nora hung up the phone in a snap.
What a joke. 
Quinn School of Martial Arts had been in New York for so many years. Together with the Irvin School of Martial Arts, they were ranked at the top in the martial arts world. There were many miscellaneous matters inside, and they were all intertwined. Why should she take care of them? 
It would probably cost her two to three hours of sleep a day! 
After hanging up, she turned around and fell asleep again. 
— 
At the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
Mr. Quinn looked at Lucas eagerly. He heard Lucas say, “I know what to do.” He stroked his beard happily. 
Then, Lucas hung up the phone with a constipated expression and looked at him. 
Mr. Quinn frowned. “What’s wrong?” 
Lucas coughed and said Nora’s exact words. Mr. Quinn was so angry that his beard trembled. He shouted angrily, “This unfilial disciple!” 
Lucas also felt unfair for him. “That’s right, Master. Miss Smith is too irresponsible. The majestic Quinn School of Martial Arts still needs you to manage it!” 
Mr. Quinn immediately frowned and said coldly, “How can you say that about a senior of yours? Isn’t it because she’s not in good health? If she doesn’t sleep for fourteen hours a day, she’ll have a headache! Why don’t you know to feel sorry for her? She practiced martial arts and inherited the ultimate arts of Quinn School of Martial Arts. That’s already the greatest contribution to Quinn School of Martial Arts!
She’s not as stupid as you. Master has taught you for so many years and you still haven’t understood the essence of Quinn School of Martial Arts!” 
Lucas:”…” Master, I was just following your instructions! 
However, Lucas did not have any ions to Nora. After all, the essence of Quinn School of Martial Arts’ techniques was very difficult to learn. Among the direct disciples, Nora had learned it in the shortest time. She was the fastest to understand it among them. 
There was nothing wrong with Mr. Quinn handing over Quinn School of Martial Arts to her! 
Miss Smith was just… too lazy! 
At such a young age, she was always thinking about retirement. What a headache! 
As Lucas was thinking, Mr. Quinn suddenly thought of something. “Speaking of Pete, he hasn’t been here for a long time, right? Give Justin a call and ask him when he plans to send Pete over!” 
Lucas: “…” 
During this period of time, he had called her almost every day to urge her to come. 
He had never seen his master so patient with anyone! 
However, Justin always found excuses. Things like feeling unwell, it being too stressful on a child, not wanting to learn today, and so on. He had been pushing it back for half a month! 
He clearly did not want to learn anymore, right? 
However, Mr. Quinn always persevered and made him call to ask.
Lucas had been rejected by Nora and now he was going to meet Justin again. He called him and said politely, “Hello, Mr. Justin. This is Lucas from the Quinn School of Martial Arts. May I ask when Little Young Master will be coming to learn martial arts?” 
His words were very marketing! 
Miss Smith had just said that their Quinn School of Martial Arts was not a kindergarten or a training class! 
As Lucas was cursing in his heart, Justin’s deep voice sounded. “I’ll send him over later.” 
Lucas subconsciously repeated what he had been saying for the past half a month. “Okay, I understand. If Little Young Master is unwilling to study, he must… What?” 
His eyes widened, “Soon?” 
“Mm-hm.” 
Justin hung up. 
Lucas, “!!!” 
He looked at Mr. Quinn in disbelief. Mr. Quinn looked at him and sighed. “He’s not coming again? Why is he as lazy as his mom…” 
As soon as he finished speaking, Lucas said, “He said he’ll be here soon.” 
Mr. Quinn was still looking at his old body when he suddenly jumped up like a rabbit. “Then I’ll prepare a martial arts hall for him!” 
Lucas: “…”
— 
At the Hunts’. 
Pete, who had woken up in the morning, stared at the ceiling for a long time. 
The pink color over the entire room pierced his eyes, making him feel like he had entered the wrong room for a moment when he woke up. 
Was this still his black-and-white style? 
He recalled the situation in this room after returning last night. He immediately looked at Justin silently, but he did not expect the tyrant to say, “Isn’t this all according to your request?” 
Pete, “…” 
Cherry liked pink. She was a little princess, so he could only silently endure it! 
There was no other way! 
He sighed and got out of bed. After washing up in the bathroom, he walked out and opened the wardrobe. Then, he was stunned. 
He saw that the large dressing room was filled with small dresses. 
Pink, purple, white, gauze dress, floral dress… There was everything! 
After searching through the room, he found a few pitiful old clothes in the corner. 
He could only keep them aside and change into them later in the class at the Hunts’ old residence. 
There was a class at the Hunts’ old residence. The children of the Hunts did not go to school. They were all in the class, and the teachers were allowed to teach each child one-on-one. 
Before he entered, Fatty was talking to a child from the collateral descendant. “Are you serious? Does Pete really not know how to do it?” 
The child nodded. “Yes, I’m sure. Last week, I did see Pete nibbling on a pen at that very simple question. He really doesn’t know how to do it!” 
Fatty was puzzled. “But why? He had always gotten full marks in the past!” 
The child said, “He has been engrossed in Mobile Legends recently! He’s playing games there every day. His mind must be muddled!” 
Fatty snorted. It seemed like Pete had indeed secretly contacted him to play games. Otherwise, he would not have won against him last time. 
But look, games really made people addicted. Their gaming had caused their learning to deteriorate! 
Last time, he had lost a large sum of money through gaming. When he returned home, his grandfather had beaten him up. He had to make up for it today! 
At this thought, he saw Pete walk in with a straight face. 
Fatty turned around and suddenly smiled. “Little Brother Pete, I don’t know how to do this question. Can you help me answer it? I remember that you have already learned this question.. Did you forget?”
###Chapter 215: Exam Results~
Chapter 215: Exam Results~ 
Pete, “?” 
He looked at the question on the worksheet—it was a very simple Mathematical Olympiad problem. 
Fatty couldn’t even solve a problem like this? Either he was too stupid, or he must be setting a trap for him again. 
Pete fell silent. He decided to counter every possible scenario firmly. 
Seeing that he was keeping quiet, Fatty became more convinced of what the other child had said just now. 
Pete had become obsessed with games and was neglecting his studies, causing his learning progress to fall behind! 
A child’s learning process was, from the start, one where they tended to immediately forget what they had just learned. It was just like how Fatty himself had behaved in his early childhood, memorizing a poem and then forgetting how it went the very next moment. 
To think the Hunts’ little genius had also become like that! This was fantastic! 
Fatty grinned. “Do you really not know how to solve it, Pete? We’re still young, so we mustn’t be addicted to games, okay? If your studies continue to fall behind so badly, I’ll have to tell Great-Grandma about it!” 
Pete, “…” 
The few children around them from the Hunts all looked over.
Pete was a loner in the class from the start, but because his IQ was very high and children all looked up to the strong, the distant and brooding image he unintentionally created had inspired awe in them. 
Had that genius high up in the air actually fallen into the realm of mortals now, though? 
Didn’t things like becoming addicted to games and having their studies fall behind as a result, happen only to people like them? Since when was Peter Hunt that lacking in self-control?! 
Seeing how the looks in everyone’s eyes had changed, Fatty was filled with self-satisfaction at once. 
He raised his chin and said, “As the saying goes, God helps those who help themselves. Even though we children of the Hunts have super-high IQs, we mustn’t think little of putting in hard work and effort, either. Don’t you agree, Pete?” 
Pete glanced at him again and sat in his seat. 
His seat was in the first row. Additionally, it was a single-seat by itself, which highlighted his position and status. 
Fatty curled his lip disdainfully. 
Hmph, hadn’t he become a lot glibber recently? Why was he being so quiet today? He must be having a guilty conscience! 
While he was thinking about it, the tutor came in with the test papers in his hand. He said, “Alright, since everyone is here, let’s begin the test for what all of you have learned this month!” 
At the sight, Fatty immediately realized something. He thought to himself, Oh, that’s right! It’s the monthly test today! The test results will be ranked, and the ranking will be posted for everyone to see! 
Pete must be so listless because he was scared!
Fatty smirked and said, “You have to do well in the test later, Pete. After all, you’ve always been the top student in our class, haven’t you?” 
Pete’s brows knitted together, but he continued to keep quiet. 
Soon, the papers were distributed. 
The tutor also looked at Pete with a troubled look. 
Pete was a relatively special case and he also received very special treatment in the class. Oftentimes, after he attended classes for half a month, Justin would get a tutor to teach Pete in private. 
Therefore, he didn’t spend much time in the Hunts’ tuition classes, resulting in the tutor having little understanding of him. 
All he knew was that the child was born with a very high IQ and picked up things very quickly. However, there was also a time after he was taken away for private tuition when the tutor reported that his grades had declined. 
But when he came back for the exams, he still took first place in the ranking. 
However, during this recent period of time… Pete had been taking naps in class and then becoming full of energy and playing games once class ended. In the past, he could last a full day of classes, but now, he only attended three hours of classes a day before Mr. Hunt would pick him up and take him away to have fun. 
The tutor was very troubled about this and had talked to Mr. Hunt about it several times in private before. 
However, Mr. Hunt had actually said, “The child is still young after all, so just let him play if that’s what he wants. Don’t be too strict on him.”
The teacher found his response totally unexpected and was utterly bewildered. 
Was he the same Mr. Hunt who was so strict on the little mister that he measured and weighed everything the boy ate for each meal? 
The tutor hadn’t deliberately reduced the level of difficulty for the test this time. After all, Pete’s studies had indeed fallen behind too much recently. On top of that, his assignments were also done shoddily, with many simple questions left unanswered because he didn’t know how to solve them. 
He wanted Pete to score badly in the test, so that both Mr. Hunt and the boy would realize that something was wrong with him lately! 
The test was two hours long. 
The classroom was quiet, and all the children were answering the questions seriously. 
At the end of the test, the tutor collected the papers. 
The classroom also became lively in an instant. 
Fatty ran over to Pete and shouted boastfully, “Did you finish all the questions on the test, Pete?” 
Pete only glanced at him and said nothing, like what he did before. 
Fatty, who misunderstood his reaction, said with a smirk, “It’s okay. It doesn’t matter even if you don’t score well on the test. A one-time failure doesn’t mean that you’ll never get back up ever again. As long as you give up your games and get back on track, everything will be fine!” 
Pete, “…” 
After keeping quiet for a long time, at last, he couldn’t help but ask, “The questions were so simple. Do you mean to say that you couldn’t answer them?”
Fatty, “” 
The current Pete was too much like his past self, which took Fatty aback for a moment. But right after, he said spitefully, “Hmph, to think you’re still being so stubborn when things have already turned out like this! Fine, in that case, let’s wait for the results and see how many marks you score!” 
Fatty left the classroom huffily. 
After he left, the rest of the children gathered around Pete and said, “Don’t be sad, Peter. It’s not a big deal even if you score badly once.” 
“That’s right. You were just too addicted to games recently!” 
“My father said that one month’s grades don’t mean anything…” 
While the children were talking, someone called out at the door, “Pete.” 
Everyone turned over as one to see Sean standing at the door. He looked at Pete respectfully and said, “Mr. Hunt has instructed me to take you to the martial arts school.” 
Pete went to the martial arts school for training twice a week. This was no secret. Though, no one knew which martial arts school it was. 
Pete stood up and followed Sean out. 
Once they came out, they immediately saw Justin, who was sitting in the backseat of the black Lincoln and looking at documents with his head down. 
Sean opened the car door and the little Pete climbed into the car on his own. Justin didn’t even lift his head.
Sean fell silent for a moment when he noticed. 
What was the matter with Mr. Hunt? Was he in a bad mood? One must know that just a few days ago, he had never let the little mister climb into the car himself like that. Instead, he had always carried him into the car himself! 
Pete was completely unaware of Sean’s thoughts. After getting in the car, just as the car was about to start, the tutor walked out of the classroom with the test papers in his hand. 
Upon seeing Justin, he immediately stepped forward and stopped the car. He said, “Mr. Hunt, I’d like to speak with you about Pete’s exam results.” 
Justin lifted his head when he heard him. 
Although he preferred his daughter, he was ultimately still very strict with his son. He also wanted to know if Pete’s grades had fallen behind during this period of time, so he asked, “Are the results out?” 
The tutor replied, “I will mark them now. I’d like you to also have a look, so that you can understand his learning progress.” 
“Okay.” 
Justin got out of the car. He had often communicated with the tutors when he was taking care of his son by himself in the past, so he was accustomed to it. 
After the two went to the office, the tutor took out Pete’s test paper from the stack and started to review it..
###Chapter 216: Pete The Loafer
Chapter 216: Pete The Loafer 
Before marking the paper, the tutor even said, “He has been obsessed with games for the past month, so it’s understandable even if he scores badly on the test…” 
After saying that, he looked at the multiple-choice questions in front of him. 
Marking multiple-choice questions was very simple. He skimmed downward and found that the answers were exactly the same as the standard answer sheet’s. He was taken aback. 
At the sight, Justin raised his eyebrows and asked, “How is it?” 
The tutor looked up at him incredulously. “… They are all correct.” 
How could that be? 
Pete’s level of understanding had obviously regressed to a first-grader’s a few days ago. Why had it risen out of the blue again? 
He was in charge of the Hunts’ children’s education matters, so he understood these children the best. 
When Pete’s standard suddenly dropped, he had panicked right away. He had wanted to use the test results to make Mr. Hunt realize just how serious the matter was, but this… 
The tutor, who was in disbelief, continued to mark the paper… 
A small head suddenly appeared at the door during this time.
Justin looked over to see Fatty standing there and peeking at them. When he saw Justin looking over, he shrank back in fright. But after that, he poked his big fat head out again. The chubby boy came up to Justin and asked, “Uncle Justin, did Pete do badly on the test?” 
He let out a sigh and said, “Look at how awful the look on the tutor’s face is. By right, scoring badly once shouldn’t actually matter, but Pete is a special case… Uncle Justin, you may not know this, but he has been playing games every day and neglecting his studies recently! I saw him using his cell phone quite a few times!” 
Justin glanced at the little fellow. 
The seven to eight-year-old boy was big and tall. He was a full head taller than Pete and looked very naive and honest. However, the child’s thoughts were written all over his face, and Justin could see through what he was thinking with just a glance. 
The little fellow wanted to one-up Pete. 
The boy had been totally led astray by his uncle’s family. 
Justin looked at Pete and asked coldly, “How did you do on the test?” 
Pete replied, “Alright, I suppose.” 
Justin snorted and said, “If you don’t score full marks, then you’ll have to kneel in the ancestral hall as punishment.” 
Even if he had been sent to Nora, he, a child whom Justin had personally brought up and taught, should still be strict with himself and not slack off in his studies. 
Pete replied very confidently, “… ‘kay.”
Without a tutor supervising him, his self-studying speed had become even faster. Additionally, for some reason, when he was with Nora, he kept feeling as if his mind had become clearer than before. His mother had a special scent on her that put him very much at ease, making him not as sensitive and paranoid as before. 
Justin nodded at his reply. 
Fatty looked at Justin, and then at Pete. 
The adult was expressionless with his eyes slightly lidded, while the child looked almost exactly the same as the adult. Both father and son were so unfathomable that no one could guess their thoughts. 
However! 
Fatty’s eyes brightened. He suddenly walked out of the office and called his grandfather. He said, “Grandpa, Pete messed up his test this time! The tutor is marking his paper now!” 
Raymond became excited at once. “Really?” 
“It’s true, Grandpa! Uncle Justin is also here right now. He even said just now that Pete has to kneel in the ancestral hall as punishment if he doesn’t get full marks!” 
“Hah!” Raymond said, “I’m coming over right away!” 
After saying that, Raymond rushed someplace and shouted, “Mom, hurry and go and have a look! Pete did poorly on his test this time, so Justin wants to beat him!” 
The elderly Mrs. Hunt panicked at once. “Help me over there right away. How can he hit the boy just because he did poorly on his exams?” 
Was Great-Grandma coming too?
Fatty’s eyes lit up at once. That would be even better! This way, Great-Grandma would also see how badly her favorite Pete had scored on the test this time! 
Fatty rushed into the classroom and shouted to all the children of the Hunts, “Pete is dead meat this time! The tutor is marking his paper right now! Uncle Justin is here, too!” 
Upon hearing that Justin was also present, the children became excited at once. 
He was a legend that they worshiped the most! 
He was also the legendary “someone else’s child” that their parents always went on and on about! 
They had practically grown up listening to tales of Justin on their knees. Justin possessed the highest IQ among all the Hunts thus far! 
He had completed a double master’s degree at fifteen! 
These feelings of worship had also fallen onto Pete by association. 
In everyone’s eyes and hearts, Pete was a child who would never suffer any disciplinary beatings, and Justin was no ordinary parent, either! 
But now, not only had Pete fallen from grace, but Justin was also going to become a parent who disciplined his child? 
The little fellows dashed out of the classroom one by one. They gathered outside the tutor’s office and looked inside through the window. 
Justin, who wasn’t speaking, sat on the leather sofa with a very powerful aura around him.
Pete was sitting on a bench with his little hands clasped together and was muttering under his breath. From the looks of it, he seemed to be memorizing some kind of formula. As for the tutor marking the paper, he was frowning. 
“Did Pete really do poorly on the test? Look at how tightly drawn the tutor’s brows are! I’ve only seen that expression on him when he talks to me!” said a child, who was the naughtiest and had the poorest grades among all the Hunts’ children. 
A commotion broke out at the entrance at this point. Raymond, who was supporting the elderly Mrs. Hunt, walked over. As soon as she came in, the old lady shouted, “Who dares to hit my little Pete?” 
Raymond also stepped forward. He smiled and said, “Justin, what’s the big deal about a child doing poorly on an exam just once? How can you be so strict with him? Pete is still young! Besides, he’s ultimately a sensitive soul with autism! Since he became a little livelier recently, it’s inevitable that his studies would fall behind… It’s not like he’s a genius anyway. How can a child play games every day and still do well in his studies? 
“Playing games?” 
Mrs. Hunt was dumbfounded. 
Raymond took the opportunity to complain, “Yes, that’s right. We are to blame for this. Pete has been addicted to games every day recently. Sigh, Fatty plays it in order to cultivate the mind and spirit, but he knows to play it in moderation. Pete, on the other hand, doesn’t understand that. Fatty has already warned him several times, but he refuses to listen…” 
Raymond outright portrayed Pete as a child with poor self-control. 
Mrs. Hunt frowned and looked around—the children’s ears were all perked up. In just a few days’ time, news about Pete’s mediocre aptitude would reach all the parents’ ears.
How could a child like that possibly take over the family business? 
Mrs. Hunt immediately understood Raymond’s intentions. She also hated herself for coming over and blowing up the matter. However, since things had already come to this point, she had no choice but to brace herself and go on. 
She entered the office cheerfully and said, “So, our little Pete played games for a month? It’s not a big deal. Is there anyone who wasn’t playful when they were young? I don’t think there’s a need to publicly announce the scores anymore. None of the elementary schools publicly announce the students’ scores nowadays anyway!” 
The tutor had already finished marking all the test papers by then. He lifted his head blankly and looked at Mrs. Hunt and Raymond. 
Raymond, however, took a step forward and said with a smile, “How can we do that? Pete scores full marks all the time. I want Fatty to learn from him. Quick, mister, show me how many marks Pete scored!” 
He pulled out Pete’s test paper..
###Chapter 217: Geniuses Are All Such Mutants!
Chapter 217: Geniuses Are All Such Mutants! 
What entered his view was the score ‘120’ written in big red text. 
Raymond was dumbfounded. He swallowed, looked at Fatty, and subconsciously asked, “How many marks is a perfect score?” 
A puzzled Fatty answered, “100, of course!” 
Raymond breathed a sigh of relief. He looked at the tutor and said, “Mister, even if you’re trying to give Pete extra marks, surely you can’t just go beyond the full score? This is a test with a perfect score of 100, yet he scored 120?” 
As soon as Raymond said that, the whole room fell silent. 
The children of the Hunts outside the office were utterly stunned. 
However, Raymond was still going on. He asked, “Is he cheating? Could it be that this is how Pete had gotten all his scores in the past? Justin, even if you want to highlight how clever your son is, surely you can’t do that, right?” 
He prattled on and on until Fatty, whose expression had already changed next to him, pulled on his arm. 
Only then did Raymond stop. He looked at him and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Fatty, who couldn’t hold his head high anymore, said, “Grandpa! There are also bonus questions in the paper. The bonus questions are usually questions beyond our current level of difficulty and are worth twenty marks!”
Raymond, “!!” 
Dumbfounded, he flipped to the back of the paper. Sure enough, he saw two bonus questions worth ten marks each. Pete had answered both correctly. 
Those were questions beyond their current level of difficulty, yet he could answer them perfectly? 
Raymond swallowed. “H-how can this be? Didn’t they say that he has been playing games the whole month?” 
The tutor was totally convinced by now. He stood and said, “Mr. Hunt, I was opposed to Pete playing games previously, but I didn’t expect that it wouldn’t affect his studies at all. I was worrying too much!” 
As soon as he said that, Mrs. Hunt immediately understood. She burst into laughter at once, hugged Pete, and kept calling him her little baby. She said, “My goodness, my Pete is just so smart. He can still get the first place even if he plays games for a month. Now, this is what you call a genius, Raymond! No matter how hard a normal person tries, they can never catch up with a genius!” 
Raymond, “!!” 
She was shutting him up with his own words from just now! 
Raymond was so furious that even his expression changed. He looked straight at Fatty and smacked him on the head. “What kind of inaccurate info are you sending me?” 
Fatty rubbed his head and burst into tears. “How could I have known that Pete would turn out to be that huge of a mutant? He really did play games for a month! Yet, his learning progress hasn’t fallen behind at all!” 
The children around them also sighed in admiration. 
“Pete is as impressive as ever!”
“I’m so impressed!” 
“No wonder Mom and Dad said that Peter is a genius! The Hunts will definitely do even better in his hands in the future!” 
“…” 
Raymond had originally come here to blow things up, and like what he had hoped for, things had indeed blown up. However, it had instead brought even more prestige to Peter! 
He had totally shot himself in the foot! 
He was so furious that he pulled Fatty’s ears. “So, the test is over, right? Then come with me!” 
“Grandpa, don’t be so rough! It hurts!” 
A hint of murderous intent and frostiness flashed across Justin’s eyes as he watched the pair walk off. However, when he saw Mrs. Hunt, he concealed the emotions in his eyes. 
Since his grandmother was still around, he would ultimately still have to show a bit of mercy to certain people. 
He got up and saw Mrs. Hunt back home. Then, he took Pete to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
When Quinn was receiving Pete, Justin deliberately gave Pete a reminder and said, “Remember to let Ms. Smith know that you’ve come for training.” 
Pete was puzzled. “Why?” 
It’s to see whether she’ll come over to pick you up or not, of course! This way, you can switch places with Cherry!
However, Justin did not voice that thought out loud. Instead, he lowered his gaze dispassionately and said, “Let her know that you’re working hard to become a man and that you will protect her in the future. Don’t you want her to be your Mommy? Feelings have to be cultivated.” 
“… Oh.” 
He couldn’t help but feel like the tyrant was acting weirdly. Had he found out something? Surely not, right? 
But when he observed the tyrant’s expression, he found that his eyes were deep and his countenance expressionless. He couldn’t tell at all. 
Pete couldn’t make out what he was thinking, so he simply entered the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
Justin turned and drove off. When he was turning the corner, a car went past his and stopped at the entrance to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
Paul got out of the car and neatened his suit. Then, he strode toward the entrance and entered. 
One could say that Paul was doing the best among all of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ unofficial disciples. Therefore, the sect would usually show him some courtesy. Seeing that he was here, Lucas himself came over to receive him. 
Paul asked, “Where’s Master? I’ll go and pay him a visit.” 
Lucas replied, “He’s teaching a junior martial arts at the moment, and has forbidden others from disturbing them.” 
Paul frowned. “A junior? When did he take another disciple?”
Lucas smiled and replied, “He took one recently. Our first senior, Big Sister, is too lazy to take over the sect, so Master has no choice but to look for a little disciple. He calls him his little disciple, but he’s actually training a successor for Big Sister!” 
The first senior disciple… 
It was known to all that the Quinn School of Martial Arts had a Big Sister. She was a disciple that Quinn had taken over twenty years ago. However, her identity was a mystery, and no one had ever seen her except for a few selected people. 
However, the legendary Big Sister’s words carried a lot of weight in the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
Paul grabbed Lucas and said, “On account of how we’ve been fellow disciples for so many years, can you tell me who Big Sister is? Lest we engage in friendly fire and end up attacking our own!” 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts held a very weighty position in the pugilistic world. Their direct disciples were not allowed to operate in other industries outside. 
Paul and Jordan had both set up their own factions in the pugilistic world and specialized in helping others do things that they found inconvenient to do themselves. They were considered underworld forces. This violated the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ principles, so Paul had never become an official disciple all this time. Instead, he stayed as a titular unofficial disciple. 
Of course, Quinn also felt that he overly pursued material things, so he had always disliked him. 
http://www.noveljar.com 
Lucas smiled and said, “I can’t tell you that.” 
He led Paul into the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ reception hall and changed the subject. He said, “By the way, your request for an additional five places has been rejected by the official disciples.”
Paul narrowed his eyes. “Oh? Why not? From what I remember, Master doesn’t bother with trivial matters like that.” 
Lucas smiled and replied, “It’s Big Sister’s order.” 
Paul knew at once that it was a lost cause the moment he heard that. Big Sister had always stood by her words. 
After a brief moment of hesitation, he said, “Since Big Sister has given the order, and the sect has rejected my son’s friends, the sect won’t accept other children, either, right?” 
Lucas lifted his chin and replied, “Of course.” 
Paul nodded. “Alright, then.” 
Pulling strings for his son was just his secondary ive in coming here. What mattered the most was keeping in contact with the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Although he couldn’t get another five places for his son, he could at least ensure that Cherry, or whatever her name was, couldn’t bring anyone in, either. This way, his son wouldn’t be embarrassed. Thus, he didn’t pester them about it anymore. 
He got up, looked at the training gym, and walked straight over. He said, “How about letting me take a look at who Master’s newest little disciple is, Lucas? I want to see just who it is that can make Master personally teach him..”
###Chapter 218: The Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Disciples Are Not To Be Messed With
Chapter 218: The Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Disciples Are Not To Be Messed With 
Lucas stopped Paul after he took a couple of steps toward the training gym. He said, “Master doesn’t allow unofficial disciples to enter the training gym, Paul. No one is allowed to break that rule.” 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts only imparted martial arts techniques to their official disciples and never the unofficial ones. 
All official disciples were required to be in the training gym when they were practicing their techniques. The reason why Paul had tried so many times to go there was just so he could take a look at the sect’s official disciple-exclusive techniques. 
Upon being stopped by Lucas, he laughed and smacked his head lightly. “Oh, would you look at that? The moment I get busy, I just forget all the rules. Alright, I’ll just sit outside and have some coffee for a while, then!” 
Lucas nodded. The two of them stayed outside and chatted for two hours before Paul finally left with a big smile. 
Paul didn’t go home. Instead, he went to the Hoffmans’. 
Jordan was currently training in the gym. Fierce and menacing-looking veins surfaced on his arms as he lifted the dumbbells, forming a fearsome sight. 
Paul was also taken aback when he entered and saw his sturdy and muscular physique. 
To be honest, it was hard to say whether or not he could really beat Jordan in a one-on-one fight. After all, the martial arts techniques that he had picked up at the Quinn School of Martial Arts were just some fancy-looking moves that were all show and no substance.
However, that didn’t stand in the way of him expanding the Quinlan Sect. 
A smiling Paul said, “Sorry for coming over unannounced so abruptly, Mr. Hoffman!” 
Jordan was a boor, so he detested such meaningless small talk from Paul the most. He put down his dumbbells, patted his arms, and bellowed in a voice so loud that it could deafen, “What brings you here, Mr. Quinlan?” 
Paul walked over, sat down, and replied, “I’m here to discuss a business opportunity with you, Mr. Hoffman.” 
The Hoffmans and the Quinlan Sect were rivals, and both had different turfs, so what kind of business opportunity could they possibly share? 
Jordan’s eyes narrowed. He picked up a bottle of mineral water and poured it all over himself from the top of his head. It was only after he rinsed off the cold sweat on himself that he felt much more comfortable. “What business opportunity can we possibly share?” He asked. 
Paul gave him a smile. “That sports car club of yours is suffering from poor management, right? The Quinlan Sect intends to buy it. What do you say?” 
Jordan’s men, who were standing behind him, were furious to hear that. They stepped forward at once and shouted, “What the hell do you mean by saying it’s suffering from poor management? You have no idea how much money our sports car club is making!” 
Paul neatened his suit. He continued to say with a smile, “When has it ever been the subordinates’ place to interrupt us when we’re talking, Mr. Hoffman?” 
Jordan’s subordinate in question became even angrier. “You—”
However, Jordan stretched out his arm to stop him. “Alright, that’s enough. Let’s listen to what Mr. Quilan has to say first.” 
To outsiders, calling it a sports car club might sound pretty nice, but in truth, it was actually their private racetrack. All gambling dens charged entry fees, so how would it possibly not make any money? 
This was especially so after Yanci’s appearance brought even more people to the sports car club, causing it to become all the more overcrowded. 
This was because Logan had races scheduled throughout the upcoming month, so Nora would undoubtedly have to race in his stead. With that, even if the car racing enthusiasts didn’t place any bets, they would still purchase admission tickets to watch the races. 
That must be the part that had caught Paul’s interest, right? 
That was why he had developed thoughts of taking a shot at the sports car club! 
Paul adjusted his sleeves again and said with a smile, “Linson Leigh can be said to be someone under my care, but he’s currently lying paralyzed in the hospital, unable to ever stand for the rest of his life. Of course, I’m not here to hold anyone accountable for it. It’s just that I personally also like racing very much, so I’d like to buy over the club.” 
Jordan’s jaw tensed up. “How much are you offering?” 
Paul replied unhurriedly, “$800,000.” 
Jordan, “?” 
He was livid. “Mr. Quinlan, you must be kidding, right? Can you even buy that piece of land with $800,000?”
Every inch of land in New York cost an arm and a leg. Even though it was a suburban area, it was a huge plot of land. There was no way $800,000 would ever be enough to buy it. 
Paul smiled. “Didn’t you buy that piece of land for $800,000 twenty years ago?” 
Jordan, “!!” 
Property prices had multiplied dozens of times by now! 
His expression darkened. “If you’re just here to joke around, then you can go now, Mr. Quinlan!” 
Paul stood and said, “Well, I’ll leave you with what I’ve said. Do give it some proper thought, Mr. Hoffman.” 
Jordan sneered, “There’s no need for that. If you’re short of money, I can sponsor you some, Mr. Quinlan. Why bother coming over to beg? How unbecoming!” 
Paul didn’t get angry. “Do you know where I was before I came here?” 
Jordan, “?” 
Paul gave him a smile but didn’t say anything. Instead, he turned and left. 
Mrs. Hoffman entered the room after he left. She asked with a frown, “What did he mean by that?” 
Jordan’s brows drew together. He beckoned to his subordinate and instructed, “Ask around and find out where he was before he came here.” 
“Yes, sir.”
Five minutes later, his subordinate got the answer. He said, “He was at the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Jordan was astonished. 
The man explained, “He supposedly chatted for over two hours with Lucas, who oversees all miscellaneous affairs at the Quinn School of Martial Arts. He came straight to us after he left the sect. Could it be the Quinn School of Martial Arts that had told him to take the car racing club from us?” 
Jordan frowned. “The Quinn School of Martial Arts is a very big sect with many disciples. Not only do they have to sustain such a big sect’s expenses, but they are also located in the city center of New York. Their expenses are indeed significant. It’s said that Paul has been amassing wealth all these years outside because of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ instructions.” 
Mrs. Hoffman became angry at once. “They are too much! It was on account of the Quinn School of Martial Arts that we allowed Paul to be one up on us all this time, but they have come right up to our doorstep to slap us in the face now! How can you tolerate that, Jordan?” 
Jordan held her hand and patted the back of her hand lightly. He heaved a sigh and replied, “The Quinn School of Martial Arts and the Irvin School of Martial Arts are the two sects that we cannot afford to mess with the most. I’ve been wanting to seek refuge with the Irvin School of Martial Arts all these years so that I can contend with Paul, but that person is their current leader. That person has never been short of money, so they are not interested in the olive branch that we offer.” 
Mrs. Hoffman became even more furious. “But how can we just let him go so far? If you back down this time, he’ll buy over all of the Hoffmans’ assets at a low price sooner or later!” 
Jordan paced about anxiously. The muscles on his big and sturdy body moved under his skin as he did. His fingers tightened and loosened periodically, but a short while later, he hung his head despondently.
“But what can we do? We have no more than 200 men under us, but how many disciples do you think the Quinn School of Martial Arts has in the pugilistic world?” 
Mrs. Hoffman fell silent. 
Everyone in the pugilistic world knew how important sects were. 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts had developed very well over the years, so the number of unofficial and official disciples they had could probably add up to almost 10,000! 
How were the Hoffmans going to fight against the Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
Jordan’s subordinates standing behind him all hung their heads dejectedly. They had followed their boss from their hometown to New York, and only managed to build what they currently had after much difficulty. Yet, in the end, was a mere word from someone else enough to erase it all? 
Mrs. Hoffman turned around despondently. She took out her cell phone and said, “I’ll give Ms. Smith a call.” 
Jordan was taken aback. “What are you calling her for?” 
Mrs. Hoffman’s eyes were all red.. She replied, “I’m going to tell her not to participate in the races anymore! Why should we make things easy for Paul?”
###Chapter 219: Big Sister Is Here!
Chapter 219: Big Sister Is Here! 
Mrs. Hoffman’s intentions were very simple—if they were really going to transfer the car racing club’s ownership rights, then she would minimize the profits! So that Paul wouldn’t make any money! 
However, before she could dial Nora’s number, Jordan stopped her. 
Mrs. Hoffman looked up to see Jordan with a serious look on his face. With a frown, he said, “Don’t call Ms. Smith yet.” 
Mrs. Hoffman was taken aback. “Have you thought of a solution, Jordan?” 
Jordan took a deep breath and said, “I’ll head over to the Quinn School of Martial Arts first, and see if we can work with them instead!” 
Mrs. Hoffman frowned. “Are we going to let the Quinn School of Martial Arts take part of the dividends without any contributions from them?” 
Jordan heaved a sigh. “We don’t have any other choice. What kind of status do you think the Quinn School of Martial Arts holds? In front of the powerful, we can only back down and yield the profits. Besides, they may not even give us that opportunity. Don’t forget, Paul is their unofficial disciple, whereas we’re nothing to them!” 
Mrs. Hoffman clenched her jaw, but sighed and nodded in the end. 
A decisive Jordan promptly found someone to go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to find out who he should talk to about such matters. 
There were also Quinn School of Martial Arts disciples among the Hoffmans; it was just that they weren’t well-known within the sect. However, they did still have connections in the sect, so they quickly found the information they wanted through said connections. 
“Lucas is the one in charge of all of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ miscellaneous affairs now, but he has made it clear before that the sect will not take part in any sectarian disputes.” 
The disciple frowned and went on. “However, the Quinn School of Martial Arts does indeed receive a sum of money in their accounts every month, and it’s not a small sum. Everyone secretly guesses that it’s Paul Quinlan who’s providing them with the money.” 
Jordan understood what he was implying. 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts had strict rules, and it was imperative that they comply with the rules that they had publicly stated. Therefore, they definitely would not accept his peace offering, because it would be too obvious otherwise. 
This was different in Paul’s case, however. Not only was he on close ties with the Quinn School of Martial Arts, but he also made frequent contact with Lucas. As long as neither party admitted to it, no one would know about the matter! 
Jordan was in such a panic that he was pacing around the room. He asked, “Is there no way of getting through to Lucas?” 
His subordinate replied, “Lucas and Paul Quinlan are on very good terms. Moreover, Lucas does things fairly and by the book, so there’s no way we can convince him. But…” 
Jordan prompted him anxiously. “But what?” 
His subordinate replied, “I heard that the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister has returned to the city. Big Sister holds a very high position in the sect. If we can get in touch with her, it won’t be impossible for
us to replace Paul Quinlan.” 
“Big Sister…” 
Jordan muttered the two words over and over. Then, he sighed. “But where are we going to find the so- called Big Sister? Has any particularly powerful and impressive woman made an appearance in New York recently?” 
A particularly powerful and impressive woman? 
Mrs. Hoffman subconsciously thought of Nora, but she immediately shook her head. If Nora was the car racer whom Jordan had talked about, then she couldn’t possibly be Big Sister or whatever her name was, anymore, right? 
Besides, it seemed like her profession was of a doctor! 
She sighed. “I don’t have any impression of anyone like that.” 
Jordan gave a wave of his hand and instructed, “Alright, that’s enough. Have all of our men search for Big Sister! I simply don’t believe that we can’t find her if we really search high and low for her!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
— 
At the Andersons’, when Nora woke up after sleeping for another day, she saw a text message on the phone. It was from Pete. He wrote: ‘Mommy, I’m at the Quinn School of Martial Arts.’ 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. She looked at the time—it was only four o’clock in the afternoon. 
Classes were about to end for Cherry. It seemed like she would be just in time to have the two children switch places if Pete wanted to come over.
She was too lazy to type, so she sent a voice message instead: “Shall I pick you up?” 
Pete was likely training at the moment, so he didn’t reply to her message in time. It was only ten minutes later when Nora came out of the bathroom after rinsing her face that she saw his reply: ‘I’m alright with anything. Ask Cherry about it.’ 
Nora raised her brows. 
Unexpectedly, her son actually had a sister complex. 
She had subtly used a self-concocted calming fragrance to calm and soothe her son’s mind when he was with her. In the kindergarten, he was also gradually opening up to the world, and his autism was taking a turn for the better. 
When she thought of that, she felt that it was better for him to be by her side for the time being. 
Besides… 
Cherry had always been by her side ever since she was born. She also wanted Pete to come over so that she could make it up to him for everything she owed him during the last five years. 
Yep, it definitely wasn’t because Cherry was too noisy, whereas Pete was just right. 
With that in mind, Nora sent another voice message: “I’ll come pick you up.” 
She went downstairs and drove out in the jeep. She went to the kindergarten to pick up Cherry after school first. The little fellow skipped and bounced as she walked, making her look adorable and vivacious. After waving goodbye to all her friends, she finally got into the car. 
Tanya also put on a look of astonishment. “Has hell frozen over today? You actually came to pick us up?”
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. She replied, “I’m not here to pick you up. Go home by yourself.” 
Tanya, “” 
Nora nodded at Cherry and asked, “Shall we go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Cherry nodded at once. 
It was great being at the Hunts. Not only did she not have to go to school, but she could even play after just three hours of classes every day! In addition, her handsome Daddy never forced her to do anything she didn’t want to! 
She would let Pete go to school instead. 
When the two of them arrived at the Quinn School of Martial Arts, Lucas hurriedly came out to receive them. When he spotted Nora, he immediately greeted her respectfully. “You’re here, Miss Smith!” 
Nora uttered a sound of acknowledgment and took the initiative to walk in front leisurely. 
Cherry followed her at the back obediently. 
Lucas said, “Everyone wants to meet you after they heard that you’ve come to New York.” 
“Reject them,” replied a direct and decisive Nora. There were so many people in the Quinn School of Martial Arts; how troublesome would it be if she had to meet them all? She mustn’t let anyone find out about her identity! 
The corners of Lucas’s lips spasmed a little. He had already gained a good understanding of what Nora was like a long time ago, so he instead said, “By the way, this month’s funds have been credited into the accounts. Is the sum larger than last month’s?”
Nora let out an ‘oh’ and replied casually, “Don’t let children come over to disturb the sect. I’m not strapped for cash.” 
Lucas, “!!!” 
The corners of his lips spasmed. He nodded and said, “Okay, I’ll cancel the classes for the unofficial disciple’s children, then.” 
Then, he explained, “The sect isn’t holding a class for them for the money, Miss Smith. We’re doing it free of charge. It’s because the unofficial disciple begged the sect to help out, so I gave special permission this once.” 
“Oh.” 
Nora didn’t hold much of an opinion on these matters. It was fine as long as they didn’t bother the old man about it, and in turn, cause him to insist on her coming back to take care of such miscellaneous affairs. 
After she entered, she left Cherry to Quinn, picked up Pete, and turned to leave. 
Meanwhile, Justin had also arrived. 
Even as the car came to a stop, he was still wondering about who he would meet after he entered the sect—was it going to be his sweet-smelling and tender daughter, or the stinky little brat? 
It wasn’t that he disliked Pete or anything like that, though. It was just that he still hadn’t had enough of spending time with his daughter after realizing that he had a cute and adorable one. Besides… Nora was a doctor, so she could treat Pete’s illness if he stayed by her side. Pete’s depression symptoms had evidently become better when he came back recently. Moreover, his grades hadn’t fallen behind, either.
While thinking about it, he entered the sect.. As soon as he did, he saw Nora and Pete walking toward him…
###Chapter 220: Having A Date Behind His Back
Chapter 220: Having A Date Behind His Back 
Justin paused in his tracks. 
Nora and Pete also stopped. 
All three of them simultaneously thought—’It’s lucky that we left Cherry in the training gym.’ Otherwise, our family of four would have run into one another. I really won’t know what to do if that happens! 
They stared at one another while facing one another. Due to their guilty consciences, all of them were rather awkward. 
Justin was the first to come back to his senses. He asked, “Why are you here, Ms. Smith? Are you here to visit Pete?” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief. “Yeah.” 
Pete’s lip corners spasmed. From the looks of it, he wouldn’t be able to leave with Mommy anymore today. 
Justin fell silent for a while. Then, he finally suggested, “In that case, how about having Pete go with you to the Andersons’ to play?” 
Pete, “?” 
The tyrant had always kept a very strict eye on him. No matter where he went, he would always be accompanied by a group of bodyguards. Why was he suddenly allowing him to go back with Mommy now?
Pete looked at the tyrant hesitantly, thinking that perhaps he had already sensed something. However, the man remained expressionless and no one could see through his thoughts. 
Nora didn’t expect the problem to be resolved so easily. The two children could also bond with each other if they went to the Andersons, so she nodded and replied, “Okay!” 
She stroked her chin. 
This was a rare opportunity. Should she just get a private jet and straight-up run away with the two babies? 
Just as she was thinking about it, Justin chuckled and said, “It’s my fault.” 
Nora, “?” 
What mistake was he admitting to when everything was fine? 
The next moment, Justin straightened his back, adjusted his tie, and said, “I was too busy lately, so I didn’t spend any time with you, causing you to have designs on Pete again.” 
Nora, “!!!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. She was about to speak when the scumbag went on. He said, “It doesn’t look like Ms. Smith is very busy every day, either. Why don’t we have a date once every two days?” 
“… You’re a very busy man, Mr. Hunt. We don’t have to go to such trouble.” 
“Not at all.” 
Justin leaned against the wall and overlooked the adult-child pair from the top. Nora’s almond-shaped eyes raised slightly and the corners of her lips spasmed a little.
Pete’s lip corners also spasmed and he looked at Justin with disdain. 
Justin ignored the look in his son’s eyes and calmly said, “You and I have already reached this stage in our relationship. Wouldn’t I have lived the past twenty-odd years of my life in vain if I still allow work to chain down my freedom? I can just handle my work affairs every other day instead, just like how you only do two operations a month, right, Dr. Anti?” 
Nora, “!!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. Left with no other reason to refute him with, she could only say resignedly, “If you say so.” 
Then, she took Pete’s hand and got ready to leave. 
She had only just taken a couple of steps when her cell phone suddenly rang. 
It was an unfamiliar phone number. When she answered the call, a sinister voice said, “Long time no see, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora, “?” 
“Never would I have expected Ms. Smith to be Yanci, the famous international car racer. The last time we met, we were in opposing circumstances, which ended up in us separating on a sour note. I wonder if we can meet and talk about partnering with each other for the car racing club?” 
Nora raised her brows. “Who are you?” 
“…” The other party was clearly gnashing his teeth in fury. “I’m Winston!” 
“Who’s that?” asked Nora. 
Clearly, she had already forgotten who Winston was.
Winston, “…” 
His voice became even stiffer. “I proposed to you before. Have you forgotten? My father is Jon Myers of the traditional medicine industry!” 
At last, Nora recalled his insignificant existence and uttered a detached ‘oh’. Then, she yawned and asked, “Is something up?” 
“…” 
Winston felt as if he was about to crack. He could only force out word after word and say, “Stop pretending, Ms. Smith. I know you understand what I’m saying! Your fiancé is in my hands right now. You’d best come over and meet me for a talk right away. Otherwise, I won’t be able to guarantee his safety.” 
Her fiancé? 
Nora clicked her tongue and said, “I don’t have a fiancé.” 
She hung up immediately after saying that, utterly nonplussed about how furious the man on the other side would be. 
She had already broken off her engagement a long time ago, so how would she possibly have a fiancé? 
She was just thinking about that when her cell phone beeped. She looked down to see that the unfamiliar number had sent her a short video. 
In the video was a man who had been tied up. He was in a dimly lit room. Light streamed in through a small window and illuminated his face. The man was bespectacled and looked very polite and refined. He was actually… Caleb Gray?
Beep. 
Winston sent another text message, as well as an address. He wrote: ‘I’ll give you half an hour. Come over right away. For every minute that you’re late, I’ll sever one of his fingers!’ 
Nora, “…” 
She massaged her temples. She knew that Caleb had likely been implicated by her. 
Moreover, when Henry Smith went to the Andersons’ to kick up a huge fuss the other time, Caleb had produced an audio recording that her mother had left behind back then as evidence, and helped her to reverse public opinion. When one thought about it like that, the Andersons actually owed the Grays a favor. 
She looked at Pete and ruffled his hair. Her voice was low and hoarse as she said, “Be good and wait for me here.” 
Pete nodded. 
Nora walked ahead right after that. After taking a couple of steps, she suddenly heard footsteps behind her. She turned around to see Justin following her. He said, “It’s not quite right of you to go and meet your ex-fiancé right in front of me, is it, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Oh. Then I’ll save him behind your back?” 
“…” Justin fell silent but continued to follow beside her. 
When the two of them exited the Quinn School of Martial Arts, Nora went straight to her car. When she opened the door and got into the driver’s seat, Justin also got into the passenger seat in a practiced manner.
The jeep was very big and spacious. Even at Nora’s height, she still looked petite in the driver’s seat. However, when Justin sat in the passenger seat, it made the car ultimately still seem a little small. 
Nora was a little surprised. “Are you also coming?” 
“Of course.” 
Justin replied confidently, “How can I let you go on a date with your ex-fiancé?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips quirked upward and she said unhurriedly, “Sit tight.” 
At practically the moment she said that, she stepped on the gas pedal, causing the car to zoom forward with a whoosh. She drove to the address that Winston had given her at the speed of light. 
Inertia threw Justin right against the seat, and he grabbed the handlebar at the top of the car door with his right hand. He looked at Nora—the woman seemed to be a completely different person when she drove. There was none of her usual laziness and carelessness, and her serious demeanor looked exceptionally charming. 
Half an hour later… 
Screeeeech! 
The car tires emitted a harsh screech as they rubbed against the road. Together with the sound, the car stopped inside a dilapidated abandoned factory. 
When Nora jumped out of the car, there was already someone waiting for her. Without even looking at Justin, the person said, “Come with me!” 
Nora followed behind the person, took a couple of steps, and entered a room.
Caleb was seated on a chair, all tied up. His shirt was a little dirty and messy, and there was dust on his usually clean face. His hair was in a mess, which actually gave off a disheveled kind of beauty. 
Winston jumped out at this point. He said, “As long as you sign this contract to provide your services to the Quinlan Sect, Ms.. Smith, I will let you guys go!”
###Chapter 221: The Quinlan Sect Is Backed By The Quinn School of Martial Arts? Has She Agreed To It?
Chapter 221: The Quinlan Sect Is Backed By The Quinn School of Martial Arts? Has She Agreed To It? 
A contract to provide her services to the Quinlan Sect? 
Nora frowned and looked at the document in his hand. 
Winston sneered, “Oh, I forgot to tell you, but the car racing club will be the Quinlan Sect’s very soon. We, the Quinlan Sect, warmly invite you to our team. I should think that with Yanci around, our team will always win!” 
Nora, “?” 
Her brows drew together. She asked puzzledly, “Has Mr. Hoffman agreed to this?” 
Winston replied, “Of course.” 
His eyes flickered and he added, “Would I dare to do something like this if he hadn’t?” 
Nora didn’t care how exactly they carried out their dealings with each other, but… using Caleb to threaten her? 
She cast her eyes down dispassionately. “I’m not interested in your club.” 
She walked straight to Caleb after she spoke. She wasn’t intending to waste her breath and was planning to leave immediately after saving the man. 
However, before she could walk over, Winston stopped in front of her again. He said, “I know you enjoy a lot of freedom when you race abroad, Ms. Smith, but it’s impossible to survive in the car racing industry
in the States if you don’t have anyone backing you up. Didn’t Logan also rely on Jordan Hoffman back then? The benefits you’ll enjoy will only be better than that if you join the Quinlan Sect! Do you know who the one backing up the Quinlan Sect is?” 
Nora’s eyes were still downcast. “I’m not interested.” 
“…” Winston became anxious. He said, “The one backing up the Quinlan Sect is the Quinn School of Martial Arts! You should have heard of them before, right? They are very well-known in the pugilistic world! As long as you sign the contract, both the Quinlan Sect and the Quinn School of Martial Arts will back you up in New York in the future, no matter what happens!” 
Nora was dumbfounded. “The Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Her reaction made Winston heave a sigh of relief. He replied, “Yes, the Quinn School of Martial Arts! Mr. Quinlan is their unofficial disciple. This is something that everyone knows. It’s exactly because of the Quinn School of Martial Arts that even Jordan Hoffman doesn’t dare to mess with Mr. Quinlan.” 
Nora, “…” 
What the heck was this mess? 
Were all of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ unofficial disciples this arrogant outside? 
She broke into a frown. 
Winston tried painstakingly to convince her. He said, “You must be scared at the mention of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, right? Then sign this obediently. I can even promise you that as long as you sign the contract and maintain a good relationship with me, I will let your fiancé’s pharmaceutical factory open smoothly in New York!” 
Winston gazed at Nora greedily when he said that.
That woman was Yanci. She had looked so beautiful and sassy when she was racing, making him itch for her even more. Conquering a woman like her would give him an even bigger sense of accomplishment. 
Especially in bed… 
His smile turned lewd. 
A mellow and gentle voice reached them at this point. 
“So, it’s your doing that my application to establish a pharmaceutical factory keeps getting rejected?” 
Nora looked at Caleb. 
Despite being tied up, he remained calm and collected in the face of danger, which gave him an additional sense of frail beauty. That visage of his didn’t look like a thirty-year-old at all; he clearly looked like a prince—oh, one that was in distress though—walking out of a comic instead. 
His words pulled Winston back from his daydreaming to reality. He looked back at him and said with a grin, “Oh my, so you’re finally aware of the reason now! The Grays may be something in California, but you’re nothing in New York. So, you want to expand your business in New York? Have you asked us, the Myerses, for permission yet? Have you asked the pharmaceutical industry here for permission yet? Heh, New York is our turf, with the pharmaceutical industry particularly so. Without the Myerses’ permission, there’s absolutely no way your family’s pharmaceutical factory can ever be established here! Even though you’ve already decided on the factory site, you just keep failing the license application, right? Hahaha!” 
Realization dawned upon Caleb. “I see. So, that’s why.”
Winston glanced at Nora again. “Of course, if Ms. Smiths signs this contract, then that will make us family. Your affairs will also be the Myerses’, so I’ll definitely take good care of you! We can mutually benefit each other. You should know what I want, right?” 
His gaze swept up and down Nora as he spoke, his intentions obvious. 
The eyes of Caleb and Justin, who had just entered the room, darkened at the same time. 
Caleb cast his eyes down, his long eyelashes casting silhouettes on his cheeks. His glasses were already close to falling off his nose bridge. His eyes were icy-cold as he said, “That’s impossible. You don’t have to compromise for my sake, Nora…” 
Winston flew into a rage when he heard him. He stepped forward and slapped Caleb across his cheek, causing Caleb’s head to turn to the side. He looked even more like a meek little woman being bullied now. 
A handprint soon formed on his fair cheek. 
After slapping him, Winston snapped furiously, “Shut up!” 
Only then did he turn back. 
He was about to speak when he instead saw Nora’s expression turn cold. She said, “You must have a death wish!” 
Just as she was about to take action, the guard at the door finally discovered Justin’s presence. He bellowed angrily, “Who are you? What are you doing here?” 
Nora looked back to see the men at the door walking toward Justin. 
For a moment there, she didn’t know whether she should save Justin or Caleb first.
In the midst of her hesitation, she saw Justin stride forward. He headed straight for Caleb, kicking away whoever blocked his path on his way there. 
His long legs delivered accurate and ruthless kicks, while his punches were quick and unpredictable. Before anyone could even see his moves clearly, Justin had already dropped them all. 
Winston had brought more than ten men with him, but all of them were lying on the ground at the moment. Some had outright fainted while some were groaning in pain. 
Frightened witless, he stared at Justin in disbelief. He swallowed and asked, “M-Mr. Hunt? Why are you here? I… I’m from the Quinlan Sect. Our boss is from the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Y-you…” 
Justin went right up to him and kicked him right at the crotch! 
Bam! 
As Winston flew through the air, the pain at his crotch made his vision blacken. He felt that that particular place had likely broken… 
Everyone else that was still conscious subconsciously clamped their legs together tightly, suddenly feeling a little worried for their family jewels. 
Nora didn’t have the opportunity to do anything, nor did she have such worries, so she walked straight to Caleb and untied the ropes around him. 
Caleb got to his feet after he was freed. He was about to thank Nora when his legs suddenly gave way, seemingly from having been tied up for a little too long. 
Nora was about to subconsciously grab him when another arm held up Caleb faster than she could.
Her line of sight followed the sturdy and powerful arm to see Justin staring straight at Caleb while pulling a long face. He said, “You’re welcome, Mr. Gray.” 
The subtext: ‘I was the one who saved you just now, so don’t try to get close to Nora on the pretext of thanking her.’ 
Caleb: “…” 
He moved his ankles a little. After he steadied himself on his feet, he finally looked at Winston and the others, who had collapsed on the ground. A dark glint flashed across his eyes as he stroked his cheek, but he lowered his gaze the next moment, concealing the glint within. 
Seeing that he was fine, Nora took out the contract that Winston had wanted her to sign. After giving it a rough skim, she took out her cell phone and said, “I’ll ask Mrs. Hoffman what exactly is going on with the Quinlan Sect’s acquisition of the club..”
###Chapter 222: Going To The Quinn School of Martial Arts!
Chapter 222: Going To The Quinn School of Martial Arts! 
Nora called Mrs. Hoffman, but perhaps she was busy at the moment, she didn’t pick up. 
She was about to call again after hanging up the first time when Mrs. Hoffman called. She sounded obviously tired as she said, “Sorry about that, Ms. Smith. I was busy just now, so I wasn’t paying attention to the phone.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and asked, “Is Jimmy having a relapse?” 
“No, it isn’t about that.” 
Mrs. Hoffman said, “Jimmy is doing pretty well. He’ll be discharged from the hospital and will be able to go to school soon. It’s because something has happened at home.” 
“Is it about the car racing club?” asked Nora. 
Mrs. Hoffman hesitated for a moment before she said, “Have you also heard about it? Sigh, it’s really giving us a headache.” 
Nora was a little taken aback. She asked, “Do you need me to help with anything?” 
Mrs. Hoffman, however, declined her offer. “No, it’s alright, Ms. Smith. It’s better that you don’t get involved in the matter. After all, you’re not in our line of business.” 
Nora was an excellent doctor who had nothing to do with underworld forces. 
Mrs. Hoffman was afraid that she would be implicated if she were to become involved.
After all, the Quinn School of Martial Arts had disciples all over the country. It was as easy as ABC for them to take care of a mere doctor. 
Nora didn’t make things difficult for her. She nodded and said, “Alright. Let me know if you need anything.” 
Mrs. Hoffman uttered an ‘okay’ before she finally sighed and said, “Only one person can help us with this. We’re currently looking for her.” 
Seeing that Mrs. Hoffman was reluctant to say more, Nora nodded and hung up. 
Only then did she turn back and look at the men from the Quinlan Sect on the ground. 
Nora ignored the rest and looked only at Winston. He had suffered a serious injury to his crotch and passed out from the pain, only to wake up again from the pain. He was currently rolling about the ground all curled up, which easily showed just how hard Justin had kicked him just now. 
Nora walked over and stood right in front of him. 
Cold sweat trickled down Winston’s forehead, and he was as pale as a sheet. He said, “Send me to the hospital… The hospital…” 
Nora squatted down and sneered, “Did you say just now that the Quinlan Sect is being a menace outside because they have the Quinn School of Martial Arts backing them up?” 
Winston looked at her viciously at once and replied, “Yes, that’s right. The Quinlan Sect and the Quinn School of Martial Arts—it’s obvious that the two are a family the moment you hear their names. Mr. Quinlan is the top male disciple among the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ unofficial disciples, and even ordinary official disciples have to treat him with courtesy when they see him. How dare you all beat me up… All of you are finished!”
Nora raised her eyebrows and slowly got back up. “Is that so?” 
Winston stared at her. “Just you wait! The Quinn School of Martial Arts will find you! They won’t be scared even if you have Mr. Hunt protecting you!” 
Nora scoffed. “Sure, I’ll wait for that to happen.” 
She dusted off her hands and walked over to Justin and Caleb. “Let’s go.” 
The three of them left the dilapidated warehouse. The moment they reached the entrance, they saw a man in a black suit standing there respectfully. At the sight of the three of them, he stepped forward in a panic at once. “Mr. Gray!” 
Caleb nodded. The frail man let out a cough and took out a handkerchief to cover his mouth. After holding his assistant for support, he looked at Nora and said, “My assistant has come to pick me up, Ms. Smith. I’ll head off first.” 
Nora nodded. In the end, she still said, “Sorry, I didn’t expect that it would implicate you.” 
Caleb smiled. “It’s not your fault. I would like to ask you for a favor, though, Ms. Smith.” 
“What?” 
Caleb coughed another couple of times, causing the handprint to become increasingly obvious on his fair complexion. He said, “My application for a factory license keeps getting rejected. I’d like to ask the Andersons for help with giving the relevant parties a heads-up about it.” 
Both the Andersons and the Myerses held a certain status in New York’s pharmaceutical industry.
Although the Andersons had fallen into decline, they now had the Carefree Pills. Added to that their status in the past, it was still a cinch for them to just say the word. 
Nora nodded. “No problem.” 
Since she was the one who had caused the problem, she had to resolve it. Otherwise, she would end up owing Caleb a favor. 
Caleb smiled, “This way, we won’t owe each other anything and you won’t have to feel guilty about it anymore.” 
Nora was surprised. 
She hadn’t expected the man to actually be so perceptive and see through her thoughts. She nodded. “Okay.” 
She hated trouble the most, and also hated owing people favors the most. 
Caleb coughed again. Nora glanced at him and suddenly asked, “Do you need me to take a look at your illness?” 
Caleb waved at once. He smiled and said, “I’ve been sick for many years. It’s tuberculosis. It won’t kill me. Even if you give me a checkup, you’ll just be prescribing me herbal remedies in the end, so it’s fine. If not, I’ll end up owing you a favor again, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora, “…” 
She didn’t press the matter and nodded instead. “Okay.” 
Right after she spoke, Justin said dispassionately, “If there’s nothing else, we’ll go and pick up the children now, Mr. Gray.”
Caleb, “…” 
Nora, “…” 
Why did his words sound like they were going to pick up children that the two of them had from school? … Even though they were indeed children born to the two of them. 
Caleb smiled. “No, there’s nothing else.” 
“Let’s go.” 
Nora followed Justin into the car. The two went straight to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to pick up Pete and Cherry, and take them home. 
— 
Caleb waited until the black jeep left before he coughed twice again. However, by the time he lowered the handkerchief, the look on his face had already turned cold. The mellowness and gentleness in his eyes had all but disappeared, leaving behind only icy coldness. 
The assistant behind him asked, “What should we do with that group of people, Mr. Gray?” 
The look in Caleb’s eyes turned even frostier at the question. 
How would he possibly not know about Winston’s handiwork? He had merely gone with the flow and couldn’t be bothered to pay any attention to it, that was all. Little did he think that he would be so bold as to kidnap him. 
His assistant, Shadow, had been with him at that time. Given his moves, even fighting solo against a hundred men wouldn’t be a problem. However, he wanted to see what that man wanted, so he had given Shadow a look and made him lose on purpose and follow them here.
But unexpectedly, that daredevil had actually had the audacity to hit him? 
He touched the wound on his cheek and cast his eyes down detachedly. “Dispose of them.” 
“Yes, sir,” replied Shadow. 
Caleb opened the car door and got in the car. A short while later, a burst of flames shot straight into the sky in the distance. 
Shadow returned to the car silently. When he started the car to leave, he reported, “I severed his arm and leg tendons before letting him go through the pain of being burned alive.” 
This was revenge for Winston slapping Caleb. 
Caleb let out a nonchalant sound of acknowledgment. Then, he closed his eyes and leaned against the backseat. 
Shadow shut up at once. 
— 
At the Quinlans’. 
Paul got up furiously. “What did you say? Justin Hunt killed Winston?” 
His subordinate, who had escaped and returned from the fire, nodded. “The place caught fire after he rushed there to save the man, so he must be the one who killed them! What do we do, Mr. Quinlan?” 
One must know that that was Justin Hunt!
Paul paced around in a circle.. Suddenly, he headed out and said, “Let’s go to the Quinn School of Martial Arts! They won’t just sit by idly after someone bullies their unofficial disciple!”
###Chapter 223: Long-Time Friends In Spirit!
Chapter 223: Long-Time Friends In Spirit! 
His subordinate was taken aback. As he followed behind Paul, he couldn’t help but ask, “Will the Quinn School of Martial Arts really stand up for us? That’s Justin Hunt we’re talking about!” 
Paul stood up straight. Full of confidence, he said, “Whether they stand up for us or not, doing this will only benefit us!” 
His subordinate didn’t understand. 
Paul explained in detail. He spoke as if he was explaining the meaning behind his words to his subordinate, but in truth, he was self-analyzing the situation. 
“The Quinn School of Martial Arts values their disciples the most, and Quinn is also well-known for being very protective of his own. Therefore, there’s a high chance that they will stand up for us. Of course, it’s impossible to make Justin Hunt pay for his actions with his life, but they will make him pay by other things, such as apologizing or providing some kind of benefits. 
“If the Quinn School of Martial Arts is cowed by Justin’s power and doesn’t stand up for us, it would damage their reputation. But if Justin Hunt takes a very aggressive stance, then it’s very likely that the sect won’t stand up for us and fight a hopeless battle—this is a society governed by law, after all. However, the sect will give us some compensation because of the incident! Going by Quinn’s personality, he will feel as if his child has suffered injustice, and will comfort us properly. When that happens, our ties with the Quinn School of Martial Arts will become even stronger!” 
The subordinate was enlightened. 
After understanding all this, Paul drove straight to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
—
On the way back to the Quinn School of Martial Arts, Nora looked straight ahead of her, her expression a little solemn. 
The Quinlan Sect had been using the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ name to do whatever they want and lord it over others outside. If she hadn’t encountered this, she might still have been able to ignore it, but since she had, then she mustn’t turn a blind eye to it. 
It seemed that she needed to have a good talk with Lucas. 
Justin, who had noticed her solemn countenance, asked, “Penny for your thoughts?” 
“I’m thinking about the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Justin’s eyes narrowed a little. “Are you scared?” 
Nora, “?” 
Justin leaned against the passenger seat, his eyes that could bewitch and draw one’s soul into them, deep and reserved. The beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to flash with an air of dominion. “Don’t worry. If the Quinn School of Martial Arts comes to us to make trouble, then we’ll just deal with it like how the pugilistic world does—fighting.” 
Nora, “?” 
‘If the Quinn School of Martial Arts comes to make trouble’? 
She hesitated for a moment before she asked, “Why would the Quinn School of Martial Arts come to make trouble for us?”
Justin, who was about to say “I’ll fight them for you”, choked on his breath at the question. He explained, “We beat up Winston Myers today. Because he’s from the Quinlan Sect, our actions are equivalent to slapping Paul in the face. He definitely won’t let the matter rest, so he will definitely get the Quinn School of Martial Arts to stand up for him.” 
Justin stroked his chin, his fingers long and slender and the joints well-defined. He said, “Even though Pete is learning martial arts from Quinn, I don’t think Quinn will give up pursuing the matter with us because of him. There’s no one who can really fight in the current generation of disciples in the Quinn School of Martial Arts, though. The only one who can fight is Big Sister, who exists only in legends.” 
Nora, “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. “Are you saying that the Quinn School of Martial Arts is incapable?” 
Justin’s voice sounded a little deep as he replied, “It’s not that they are incapable, but rather, there are very few people who train with dedication in the martial arts in modern society! It isn’t just the Quinn School of Martial Arts; even the Irvin School of Martial Arts is filled with people that only know a few fancy moves.” 
Nora did not refute him. 
This was also the reason why Quinn valued her so much—because it was simply too difficult to find a successor of direct lineage! 
Nora looked at Justin and suddenly said, “Don’t worry. The Quinn School of Martial Arts won’t make trouble for you.” 
Her words took Justin by surprise, and he looked at her with puzzlement. 
In his opinion, Nora had shown up in the Quinn School of Martial Arts because of Pete. However, in this split second, he suddenly thought of that time when he had exchanged a few moves with Nora—she was pretty good. In fact, she could even fight on par with him… 
Could it be that… 
Justin was dumbfounded. He looked straight at Nora and asked, “Are you the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister?” 
Nora’s almond-shaped eyes lifted slightly. “Can’t I be?” 
Justin, “!!!” 
Something suddenly clicked in his mind. Back then, when he had taken Pete to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to ask them to take him in, going by how much Quinn disliked the Irvin School of Martial Arts, it stood to reason that he wouldn’t accept him as a disciple for sure. However, it seemed like Quinn had immediately taken Pete as a disciple the moment he saw him… 
At that time, he had thought that it was because Quinn had seen the martial arts talent in Pete. Thinking about it again now, as it turned out, it was because of Pete’s mom? 
Justin suddenly let out a low chuckle. “The Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, master surgeon Anti, car racer Yanci… May I ask, Ms. Smith, what other identities do you have?” 
Nora’s fingers rested casually on the steering wheel. “I don’t remember. I have too many.” 
“…” 
Justin couldn’t help but laugh after a short silence. 
But thereafter, he couldn’t bring himself to anymore—because Nora suddenly said in all seriousness, “Don’t ever mention the Irvin School of Martial Arts in front of Quinn. The Quinn School of Martial Arts
and the Irvin School of Martial Arts have irreconcilable differences.” 
Justin, “…” 
A sharp glint burst forth in Nora’s eyes as she added, “Also, I heard from the old man that the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ current Big Brother is very skilled. His moves are the most treacherous and devious ever, and he has completely inherited Irvin’s sly and conniving character. He’d best pray that he never lands in my hands!” 
Justin’s Adam’s apple moved up and down a little. He asked tentatively, “What will happen if he lands in your hands?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips quirked upward, making her look cool and sassy. She replied, “I will let him know what the light of the right way is like!” 
“…” 
The Irvin School of Martial Arts and the Quinn School of Martial Arts practiced different styles of martial arts. The former focused on flexibility, fluidity, and breaking through in one blow after identifying the opponent’s weakness. On the other hand, the Quinn School of Martial Arts focused on the training of oneself. As long as one was strong and powerful enough, they would be able to outmaneuver every one of the opponent’s moves! 
To borrow Quinn’s words, the Irvin School of Martial Arts was a sect of cunning and devious scumbags! They tarnished the might and prestige of martial arts! 
Justin, who could sense Nora’s animosity toward the Irvin School of Martial Arts, asked tentatively, “It’s not like you’ve met their Big Brother, either. You—” 
Nora snorted coldly. “But I’ve been friends with him in spirit for a long time.”
Justin, “?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “The old man uses him to pressure me every day, which has made me develop a dislike for him physiologically.” 
“…” 
Justin fell silent. In the end, he decided to hold on tightly to his secret identity and make sure it didn’t get exposed. 
When the pair arrived at the Quinn School of Martial Arts, they saw the two children walking out. 
The little fellow dressed in boys’ clothing was beaming. 
The one in the skirt was wearing a mask and a cap, and had a frosty look on his little face. 
Nora and Justin could tell which was their daughter and which was their son practically the moment they saw them. 
Justin stepped forward and took Cherry’s hand, who was dressed in boys’ clothing, and said, “It’s late, Pete. Let’s go home!” 
Cherry nodded. “Okie-Dokie!” 
Nora also took Pete’s hand. “Let’s go home, too, Cherry.” 
Pete held her fingers seriously. “… Okay.” 
The family of four was about to leave the training gym when noise suddenly came from the main entrance.
The four of them paused in their tracks. Nora subconsciously looked out the window to see Paul stepping through the main entrance in tears, a complete change from his refined image of the past. 
Lucas held his arm and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Paul ignored him.. Instead, he shouted straight into the training gym, “Master! You have to help me!”
###Chapter 224: His Lover Is Nora Smith!
Chapter 224: His Lover Is Nora Smith! 
Paul had already thoroughly looked into things while on the way here. 
Cherry had claimed that her mother was Nora Smith and her father was Justin Hunt. He’d originally thought that Nora was just a tool that Justin was using to shut outsiders up, but unexpectedly, he had actually stood up for her when she went to save her fiancé. 
Paul roughly understood what was going on the moment he thought of her beautiful face—Nora might be Justin’s lover. 
Even though he didn’t quite understand why Justin would allow his lover to have a fiancé, none of that was important at the moment. 
What was important was that he absolutely had to get the Quinn School of Martial Arts to stand up for him. 
Otherwise, how was he, Paul Quinlan, going to survive in the industry in the future? 
He didn’t dare to enter the training gym, so he could only stand outside and cry his eyes out. 
He was already in his thirties, making him quite unbearable to look at. 
Lucas couldn’t help but ask, “What exactly happened to you, Paul? You should know that Master never bothers with external affairs. You can tell me if something has happened.” 
The sobbing Paul said, “Ten of my men have been killed!” 
Ten people dying at one go was no trivial matter!
Lucas was stunned. He sounded grave as he asked, “What happened?” 
Even Quinn, who was inside the room, got up with a frown. 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look upon hearing that ten people had died, and both of them frowned. 
Justin had used a very measured amount of force in the fight. Apart from Winston, whose injury had been more grievous which resulted in him possibly not being able to perform his function as a man anymore in the future, the other dozen or so people’s injuries had only seemed serious on the surface. He hadn’t tried to kill them at all. 
Why did they die? 
While the two of them were keeping quiet, Quinn had already left the room. He said, “Tell me what happened.” 
At the sight of Quinn, Paul became increasingly sure that the Quinn School of Martial Arts would stand up for him. He wiped his tears and said, “My men had a small conflict with Mr. Hunt. I didn’t expect him to be so ruthless!” 
Quinn hesitated for a moment. He cast a glance at the room and asked, “Mr. Hunt?” 
“Yes, it’s Justin Hunt!” Paul stepped forward and knelt in front of Quinn. He said, “Master, he’s too ruthless! He’s not showing the Quinn School of Martial Arts any respect at all!” 
Quinn’s jaw tensed up. “What kind of conflict was it, exactly?” 
Paul paused. Then, he replied ambiguously, “It’s just a small conflict. Originally, they had already fought. According to the pugilistic world’s rules, just achieving the desired effect should have been enough, but I didn’t expect him to be so ruthless! He’s slapping the Quinn School of Martial Arts in the face! Master,
you have to do something about this. Otherwise, would the sect still have any prestige left in the pugilistic world?” 
Every word of Paul’s made Quinn’s expression turn increasingly awful. 
Justin was the littlest and most favored disciple of that devious scumbag from the Irvin School of Martial Arts. This identity of his had already made Quinn instinctively dislike him. It was only on Pete’s account that he had allowed him to go in and out of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
But unexpectedly, that guy actually didn’t show even a hint of mercy when fighting with disciples of the Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
Did he think nothing of the Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
He was furious. 
Quinn looked at the room again. His voice was frosty as he said, “Justin, don’t you owe me an explanation for this?” 
Paul was stunned. He looked at the room in astonishment. 
Since Quinn had already spoken, Justin could no longer stay out of the matter. 
He glanced at Nora, silently asking whether she was going to go out with him. 
Nora, however, only raised her eyebrows and leaned against the wall, showing no intentions of going out at all. 
Due to Paul’s arrival, everyone training inside the Quinn School of Martial Arts had come over. With so many people out there, she mustn’t go out. Otherwise, there would definitely be a great deal of trouble
waiting for her in the future. 
Seeing that she had no intentions of moving, Justin could only walk out the door leisurely. 
Paul’s pupils shrank when he saw him. He hadn’t expected to see him in the sect premises. Was he here to apologize? 
Paul frowned. He immediately took on an aggressive stance and said, “Perfect timing, Mr. Hunt. I was just about to look for you to ask you something—just what exactly have Winston and the others done to offend you and make you take such ruthless measures against them?! That’s ten lives we’re talking about!” 
Quinn also frowned and asked, “What exactly is going on?” 
Justin explained, “I didn’t kill anyone.” 
Paul didn’t expect him to say that. At once, he sneered, “Surely you’re not someone who doesn’t have the guts to own up to their own deeds, right, Mr. Hunt? They are already dead. If you didn’t kill them, then are you saying that they committed suicide?” 
A sharp and fierce look filled Justin’s dark eyes. His voice was low and deep as he said unhurriedly, “That possibility is too small. However, I indeed did not kill anyone. I only knocked them out.” 
Paul sneered, “In other words, you admit to knocking them out, right? A huge fire had broken out in the room after that, burning them all to death! Yes, you certainly did not kill them directly, but it’s also true that you indirectly murdered them!” 
The police had already checked the scene. They had indeed been burned to death alive. 
One could only say that they were out of luck. There was a gas tank in the room, and its valve had been opened because of the fight, but the people inside hadn’t noticed it. After Justin left, someone had taken
out a lighter to light a cigarette because they were simply in too much pain. 
The place had exploded just like that. 
Justin’s pupils shrank, his keen senses catching on to something. A huge fire had broken out? Was this a coincidence or a deliberate act? 
Next to Paul, Lucas said, “In other words, this is actually all a misunderstanding, right? Mr. Hunt didn’t kill them; it was just a coincidence.” 
Paul heaved a sigh. “Yes, it was indeed a coincidence, but is Mr. Hunt free of responsibility just because he didn’t kill them with his own hands? If he hadn’t knocked them out, and if they hadn’t fought there, how would this have happened?” 
Quinn also became angry after listening to the events this far. Those were so many young lives, after all. He looked at Justin and demanded, “Just what exactly did they do to make you so angry that you would knock so many people out?” 
Quinn’s fury made Paul breathe a sigh of relief. 
The old man had always been protective of his own, so he would definitely take his side this time. 
While it was impossible to make Justin pay for it with his life, it would nevertheless still be worth it if the sect could force him to give in and give him some compensation. 
With that in mind, Paul took the initiative to say, “One of my men just took an interest in his lover and wanted to lay his hands on her. Isn’t it very normal for young people to lose control of themselves and try to snatch a woman from someone else? Mr. Hunt was simply too ruthless!”
The moment he said that, it was Quinn’s turn to be dumbstruck. He suddenly looked at Justin furiously and demanded, “You have a lover outside?” 
What the f*ck? 
His first, littlest, and most favored disciple had already given birth to his kids, yet he actually had the goddamn guts to have a lover out there? 
Quinn became even angrier. “Tell me, what’s her name?!” 
Paul became even more excited when he saw Quinn’s reaction. Thus, he spiced up the story further and said, “Her name is Nora Smith. She’s from a down-and-out wealthy family, but she likes to put on a really lofty act. She found even Winston Myers beneath her, so she ingratiated herself with Mr. Hunt…” 
As soon as he said that, pin-drop silence suddenly filled the entire courtyard..
###Chapter 225: Bullying The Strong
Chapter 225: Bullying The Strong 
Paul narrowed his eyes and looked at Justin. 
He was waiting for Justin’s explanation. Since Quinn had already interfered, there was no doubt that he would see this through to the end. 
However, Justin’s usual expressionlessness was such that he couldn’t guess what he was thinking. He broke into a frown. It was only after he waited for a while that he realized that Quinn still hadn’t uttered a word even after such a long time had passed. 
He looked over in surprise to see Quinn, who was so livid that his face was all red, glaring at him furiously. 
Paul was taken aback. He was about to speak when Quinn asked, “Who did you say it was just now?” 
Paul subconsciously replied, “Y’know, Nora Smith. Master, you haven’t heard of her before, right? She’s from a small town in California, and is currently living with the Andersons…” 
Quinn suddenly rubbed his fist at this point. Then, while he was unprepared—no, one could say that he was actually prepared, but it was just that he couldn’t avoid it at all—Quinn’s fist was already in his face. 
Smack! 
Paul stumbled backward several steps from the punch. He could feel a sore and unbearable sensation in his nose. Then, a warm liquid trickled downward. 
The punch stunned him, and he stared at Quinn incredulously. Quinn, however, reprimanded him sternly, “That’s the end of this matter!” 
Paul, “?” 
He was dumbfounded. “Master, you—” 
“What else do you want to say? Won’t you hit Lucas if he tries to snatch your wife? Your men were asking for it! As for what came after, it was a complete coincidence! Paul, you should count yourself lucky that you weren’t the one that tried to lay his hands on Nora Smith. Otherwise, I would have straight- up expelled you from the sect!” 
Quinn’s words were fair. 
First of all, the person who had tried to take advantage of Nora wasn’t Paul but Winston. 
Secondly, Winston and the others were already dead. Relatively speaking, those dozen or so lives had already made up for their mistake—in fact, the price they paid was a little too great. Should Quinn still refuse to let go of the matter, he would look rather unreasonable. 
Lastly, Paul was ultimately still the first senior of the unofficial disciples. Without his actions breaching his boundaries, Quinn couldn’t easily just expel him from the sect. 
Paul was stunned. 
Quinn had still been filled with righteous indignation just a moment ago. Why was he suddenly pulling a long face at him? 
He wanted to say something, but Quinn was already waving him off and saying, “You must be the one at fault for this incident, Paul. You don’t have to say any more. If this ever happens again, I won’t let you off so easily. Lucas, send him out!”
“Yes, sir.” 
Lucas replied respectfully. He grabbed Paul’s arm and said, “This way, Paul.” 
Paul was older than Lucas, but Lucas was an official disciple. Therefore, all unofficial disciples had to see him as someone more senior than them. This was a rule in the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
Lucas had great physical strength. Moreover, Quinn had just punched Paul, causing him to see stars everywhere. Thus, Paul was dragged straight out the door by Lucas. 
After he left, Quinn glared at everyone who had come to watch the show and bellowed, “What are all of you doing here? Have you finished your practice for today? Mark, have you finished all 3,000 sets of low kicks? Gordan, have you perfected your stance? And you…” 
As Quinn spoke, all his disciples and grand-disciples quickly slipped away one by one. Soon, the place became empty again. 
It was only when everyone left that Nora finally walked out of the inner room while holding the two children’s hands. 
At the sight of her, as though he had expected better from her, Quinn said, “The great Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts has actually been taken advantage of by a little hoodlum. Won’t you even find it embarrassing if word of this spreads?!” 
Nora yawned. “Therefore, you have to keep my identity a secret even more. Otherwise, I’ll be embarrassing you, which makes you the one embarrassed.” 
Quinn, “…”
Nora wasn’t bothered at all. She waved at him and then led Pete and Cherry out the door. “I’m off, old man. I’m dying of sleepiness.” 
Quinn was so mad that he was glaring at her huffily, yet there was nothing he could do about that lazy disciple of his. 
Justin left together with Nora. Then, they separated at the door, with each taking their respective little baby home. 
— 
Elsewhere, Paul was still utterly bewildered when Lucas pushed him out. 
Lucas was aware of Nora’s identity, so he was currently looking at Paul in disappointment. “Why were you so muddleheaded? How could you let your men do something like stealing someone else’s girlfriend?” 
Only then did realization dawn upon Paul. “Master hates people who bully the weak the most. Is that why he was so angry just now?” 
That old man had always been a man with a strong sense of justice. 
Lucas, “…” 
Just how was he supposed to tell the first senior of the unofficial disciples that the term ‘bullying the weak’ wasn’t appropriate in this situation? The one he was bullying… was the strong! 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. He patted Paul on the shoulder and warned, “Master only gave you a punch just now, and on top of that, he didn’t use his full force. You can say that he has already shown you mercy. Don’t you do anything heinous or illegal out there, especially during this period of time!”
Paul’s eyes flickered. “You know me, Lucas. I’ve always been doing business very honestly, so how would I have the guts to do anything bad? I keep Master’s teachings in mind at all times!” 
Lucas was relieved to hear that. He breathed a sigh of relief and replied, “That’s good.” 
After cleaning off the blood on his nose at Lucas’s, Paul left the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
His subordinate, who had gone with him to the Quinn School of Martial Arts to ask for help, couldn’t help but say, “Boss, are we really going to keep our act clean for a while? The acquisition of the car racing club…” 
Paul sneered, “Of course we have to behave—we’ll just be the honest businessmen that we are! As for the car racing club… Heh, we’re buying it over legally. Is there anything dishonest about that?” 
His subordinate was scared. “But didn’t Mr. Quinn say just now that…” 
Paul waved and said, “You don’t need to take what that old man says to heart. He’s just putting on a lofty act!” 
The subordinate understood now. “Okay.” 
Then, he began to get ahead of himself. “Are we going to swallow down the losses just like that this time?” 
Paul narrowed his eyes. He sneered, “We may not be able to mess with Justin Hunt, but a certain someone does have to bear our wrath for this incident!” 
“Who is it?” 
Paul looked at his subordinate. “Who do you think it is?”
His subordinate understood what he meant at once. “I’ll head to the Andersons right away!” 
— 
Nora was still thinking about an important issue while on the way back to the Andersons’ with Pete. 
Did those ten people really die from a gas explosion? 
She clearly remembered that the room was ventilated. It stood to reason that even if the gas valve really had been opened, it shouldn’t have gone to the extent of exploding. 
While she was contemplating the issue with a frown, Mia and Brandon were also visiting Jimmy in the hospital. 
As Jimmy had received timely treatment, he had already more or less recovered by now. 
A lively Brandon said, “Cherry is taking us to the Quinn School of Martial Arts this weekend! She’s on very close terms with Grandpa Quinn!” 
Jimmy was surprised to hear that. 
Their family had run into some kind of trouble recently. Although his parents hadn’t outright told him anything, through bits and pieces of their conversations, he was able to more or less guess what had happened. Thus, he knew that the matter was related to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
He held Brandon’s hand excitedly and asked, “Is Cherry on very close terms with Mr. Quinn?” 
In that case, would Cherry be able to put in a good word for his family?
###Chapter 226: The Kids Go To The Quinn School of Martial Arts
Chapter 226: The Kids Go To The Quinn School of Martial Arts 
Brandon had always been all brawn and no brains. Ever since he was convinced that Cherry could transform from a boy into a girl, he had admired her very much. 
Added to this, the fact that Justin had really showed up and backed her up after she said that she was Justin’s child the other time, he had never doubted anything that Cherry said ever again. 
Thus, he nodded and said, “Yes, they are very close! She can get Mr. Quinn to teach us martial arts!” 
He made a few fighting gestures and even let out a few hey’s and ha’s as he did so, making the little fellow look exceptionally simple and innocent. He said, “I’m going to be a hero in the pugilistic world in the future! Who knows, I may even be able to master flying! And become someone invincible that can fly through the air and burrow through the ground! Right, Mia?” 
Mia was very supportive. Her big round eyes were very bright on her pointed little face. She clapped vigorously and said, “Yes!” 
Brandon patted his little chest and said, “I will take care of you in the future!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
Jimmy, who was lying on the bed, “…” 
After the two left, Mrs. Hoffman came to watch over him in the evening. 
Mrs. Hoffman looked obviously rather flustered. Her emotions were very unstable, and she looked very haggard.
They were at their wits’ end. 
The Hoffmans had already mobilized all of their resources to look for Big Sister, but they couldn’t find any clues about her at all! 
This was simply too bizarre. After all, among New York’s underworld forces, the Hoffmans had always been considered one that had developed pretty well. It was impossible for a clan to keep a piece of information so securely hidden by themselves. 
After all, some of their men were also part of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Among the wealthy families, take the Smiths for example—they basically didn’t have any secrets. Even for a family as big and successful as the Hunts, there was no information that could be kept such a secret that no one could find out anything about it at all; unless they did it like how Mr. Hunt protected his son and kept information about him a secret to the extent that he didn’t allow anyone to visit. 
However, it was as if Big Sister was no different from the air itself. 
This was totally impossible! 
This was only achievable if all the families had joined hands to protect her! 
Little Jimmy’s voice pulled his mother, whose imagination was running wild, back to reality. He said, “Mommy, are you trying to get in contact with the Quinn School of Martial Arts? Cherry knows Mr. Quinn. You can ask her if she can help!” 
Mrs. Hoffman, “?” 
She felt as if she was hearing things. “What?” 
Jimmy said, “It’s true. Brandon said so. Cherry can help them get into the Quinn School of Martial Arts, and she is on very good terms with Mr. Quinn. She calls him Grandpa Quinn!”
Mrs. Hoffman, “!!” 
She subconsciously asked, “Where did you hear such nonsense from? You…” 
However, it suddenly occurred to her that it was exactly because she hadn’t trusted Nora’s evaluation the other time that she ended up causing a delay in treatment of Jimmy’s condition, which had almost resulted in her son’s death. 
She took back what she was about to say and frowned instead. She patted Jimmy’s hand and said, “Alright, I’ll ask them about it later.” 
Seeing that she was finally listening to what he was trying to tell her, Jimmy nodded. “Okay.” 
Jimmy had already more or less recovered and would be discharged in another two days. He was still going on and on about it before he fell asleep. “Cherry will be taking Brandon and the others to the Quinn School of Martial Arts during the weekend. Mommy, I wanna go too. Can I?” 
“You can do anything you want as long as you recover. Go to sleep now.” 
“Okay.” 
Mrs. Hoffman waited until Jimmy fell asleep before she finally got up. After thinking about it, she decided to call Jordan. She said, “I think Ms. Smith may be acquainted with the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Jordan was surprised. “Why do you say that?” 
Mrs. Hoffman relayed Jimmy’s words to him. Then, she said, “I don’t know if Cherry is just bragging or if what she says is true… Sigh, why are children nowadays so hard to deal with? It’s so hard to guess what they are thinking!”
Jordan burst into laughter. “Do you actually believe what a five-year-old says? Hahaha! Have you forgotten how Jimmy came home after school one day and said that there was a big tiger in the school and that he was afraid of being eaten, just so he could avoid going to classes when he first went to the kindergarten?” 
Mrs. Hoffman, “…” 
Jordan then went on and said, “There was even a kid who said that he knew the leaders of the country, but in the end, after asking his parents about it, it turned out that he knew them through the TV.” 
Mrs. Hoffman, “…” 
“You mustn’t just believe everything a kid says. If Ms. Smith is on close terms with the Quinn School of Martial Arts, would Paul have dared to bully her?” 
Mrs. Hoffman was dumbfounded. “Are they bullying her again? Did you help her out? Ms. Smith is Jimmy’s savior, you know!” 
Jordan laughed and replied, “Do you even need to ask? That Winston fellow kidnapped Ms. Smith’s fiancé to threaten her into signing a racing agreement for their club, but ended up being beaten up by Ms. Smith and Mr. Hunt. An explosion happened after that and he died. Paul even went to the Quinn School of Martial Arts because of this!” 
An anxious Mrs. Hoffman asked, “What happened after that?” 
“Well, it just so happened that Mr. Hunt was in the Quinn School of Martial Arts at that time. Mr. Quinn likely showed Mr. Hunt some courtesy. After all, Paul was the guilty one in the first place. Our men found out that Paul left the sect with bruises on his face, so he probably got beaten up.”
Mrs. Hoffman became excited at once. “What cathartic news! When you look at it that way, Mr. Quinn isn’t an unreasonable person, either!” 
“Yes, everyone in the pugilistic world sings praises of Mr. Quinn. I reckon he isn’t aware of what’s happening among people at the lower rungs. The problem now, though, is that he already stopped taking care of things many years ago, so it’s a mammoth task for us to even talk to him. We still have to look for Big Sister, regardless.” 
Mrs. Hoffman frowned. “How about I ask Ms. Smith about it? It doesn’t hurt to ask anyway.” 
Jordan fell silent for a moment before he said, “Let’s wait for a while more. Didn’t Jimmy say he’s going to the Quinn School of Martial Arts this weekend? It’s not too late to ask after we confirm that Cherry can really bring the children into the sect to learn martial arts! If we ask Ms. Smith about it now, won’t it put her in a spot if she isn’t actually acquainted with the Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
“… Alright, then.” 
— 
The weekend soon arrived. 
As Cherry had made a promise to the children, Pete had no choice but to bite the bullet and take the few children to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
They gathered at the kindergarten entrance first. However, only four people turned up at the meeting time: Brandon, Mia, Seth, and little Jimmy who had just recovered from a serious illness. 
Brandon called a classmate that had promised to come. “Why aren’t you here yet? We’re waiting for you!”
The classmate replied, “… My mom said that Cherry is lying. The Quinn School of Martial Arts isn’t that easy to enter, and they have never done any recruitment for training classes! I’m not going to go there just to be left out in the cold!” 
Brandon didn’t insist. He said, “It’s just as well that you don’t come, then. This way, there’ll be one fewer person that Mr. Quinn has to teach, and he’ll be able to give me more guidance!” 
He called another kid after he hung up. The kid gave him the same reply: “My dad says that Cherry is faking it. There’s no way we can get into the Quinn School of Martial Arts.. I’m not gonna go anymore!”
###Chapter 227: I Am The Father Who’s Out Of Your League!
Chapter 227: I Am The Father Who’s Out Of Your League! 
“My grandpa says that the Quinn School of Martial Arts doesn’t teach children martial arts. They’ve asked about it for a very long time now. Unless you join the sect or become an unofficial disciple, they won’t take you in. But once you become an unofficial disciple, you’ll have to keep on training for many years. I can’t take such hardships, so I’m not going anymore~!” 
“My aunt says that…” 
Children only practiced martial arts to keep fit. How would families that could afford to let their children attend the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten allow them to become martial arts practitioners? 
Therefore, even though Brandon made several calls consecutively, everyone said the same thing. 
Brandon, who was very positive, didn’t get upset. He hung up excitedly, looked at Pete, and said, “Wow, the five of us will be the only ones there. That means it’s gonna be a small class! That’s awesome!” 
The others, “…” 
Little Jimmy said indignantly, “They are too much! They agreed to come, yet they aren’t coming anymore! Hmph!” 
Mrs. Hoffman had come along with Jimmy, and behind their car was Jordan, who had also come. 
Although he had told Mrs. Hoffman that he didn’t quite believe the children’s banter, for some reason, when he thought of how Nora had so easily turned the tide at the racetracks, he subconsciously felt that he shouldn’t underestimate her. Thus, he had canceled all his plans for the day and made a special trip here. 
The sensitive Mia was afraid that Cherry would be upset, so she looked at Pete. When she turned to him, sure enough, she saw an expressionless ‘Cherry’. 
She held Pete’s hand. “Don’t be mad, Cherry!” 
“I’m not… yeah.” 
Mia asked timidly, “Then why aren’t you smiling? You’re mad, aren’t you?” 
Pete, “…” 
He silently forced a smile. “I really am fine… yeah.” 
“Stop smiling, Cherry. Your smile looks even scarier than when you’re crying,” said Brandon. 
Pete, “…” 
Brandon darted over to Pete. “You’re a boy today, right, Cherry? You’re always so cool and not smiley at all when you’re a boy, unlike the way you smile so sweetly when you’re a girl!” 
“…” 
Pete decided to ignore the silly fellow. He got into the car and said, “Let’s go!” 
Tanya was the one taking Pete to the Quinn School of Martial Arts today. One shouldn’t ask why Nora hadn’t come—because she was making up for lost sleep! 
As there were five children there, they wouldn’t fit in a single car, so all of them rode in separate cars. In the end, everyone decided to head there in their own family’s respective cars! 
Pete got into the car and sat in the backseat.
He peeked at Tanya—she was listening to music and engrossed in driving, so she wasn’t paying any attention to him. He secretly opened a compartment in the backseat. 
Inside the compartment was a small mirror. 
He started to practice smiling in the mirror. 
He broke into a grin… 
He clearly also loved Cherry’s smile, so why did he look so fierce when he was the one doing it instead? 
It really was as scary as Brandon had put it. In that case, he’d better not smile at Mia anymore, lest it frightened her. She was already such a timid girl… 
Inside the Smiths’ car. 
Mia and Brandon sat in the back obediently. Even someone as mischievous and disobedient as Brandon —who was also suspected of having ADHD—was on his best behavior. 
Because! 
Joel was in the car. 
As he shifted his butt from side to side, he couldn’t help but lean into Mia’s ear and whisper, “Why is your father here, Mia?” 
Mia replied softly, “I don’t know, yeah.” 
Joel raised his eyebrows as he listened to the two children’s conversation. His gaze fell onto the jeep in front of them. He hadn’t gotten out of the car with the kids just now because he had spotted her. 
When Brandon and Mia said that they were going to the Quinn School of Martial Arts with Cherry today, he had come along for some strange reason, thinking that he might run into her… Sure enough, he did. 
He cast his eyes down. In the midst of his thoughts, he received a voice message from Quentin: “Just how many people has that cousin of ours offended, Joel?” 
Joel replied: “What’s wrong?” 
Quentin sent another message: “There are five different groups following her and looking into her background, and those are just the ones I’ve found so far! I’m probably the only one in the whole of New York that can cover her tracks for her! Without me, she would probably have exposed her own whereabouts a long time ago!” 
Joel, “…” 
He massaged his temples. 
He thought of Ian’s silence in the hospital and felt rather troubled. Wasn’t that little cousin of theirs a little too complex? 
How he wished he could have a frank and open talk with her, and ask her who exactly she was. 
But so long as Uncle Ian didn’t make a stand, then he, a child whom Ian had brought up, would not be able to acknowledge his cousin’s identity! 
After all, he mustn’t hurt his uncle’s feelings. 
Should Uncle Ian be adamant about not letting the Smiths acknowledge her, he would also help to erase all traces of the DNA test, so that she and the Smiths would never have anything to do with each other! 
The previous generation’s events had hurt Ian too much, after all.
With that in mind, he said, “Continue to protect her in secret.” 
A short silence later, Quentin asked, “What if she meets with danger? Do I take action?” 
Joel thought for a moment and replied, “Yes, help her out if that happens. She’s still a Smith after all!” 
“Okay.” 
Joel looked ahead of him again after hanging up. Tanya’s driving sure was unsteady. She simply liked sticking to the lane markings, which was too dangerous. 
He honked at the car in front as a reminder. 
When Tanya heard the horn from the car behind, she thought that the driver wanted to confirm with her whether or not he was following the right car. She didn’t think that Joel would be in the car. 
After all, when Mrs. Hoffman got out of the car just now, the adult who had gotten off the Smiths’ car had been a chauffeur. If Joel had come, then why wouldn’t he get out of the car? 
Therefore, she smiled and returned a honk of her own, but continued to do things her own way when she drove. 
Joel, “…” 
The group arrived at the Quinn School of Martial Arts with mighty momentum. 
The children got out of the cars. They were about to go through the main entrance when they saw a group of children coming out of the side entrance. The one in the lead was none other than Terence, the school bully.
Terence was hanging his head and shouting angrily, “They’ve been teaching us normally so far, so why aren’t they teaching us anymore?” 
Lucas had forgotten to bring up the matter the last time he saw Paul, so he could only personally see them out the door when the children came over today. He explained, “Big Sister has forbidden us from teaching non-affiliated children. You are still allowed to come here yourself, Terence. After all, you’re already an unofficial disciple of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. However, other children won’t be able to learn martial arts with us anymore, unless they join the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Terence felt especially embarrassed. “… Since you won’t let them in, then I won’t go in anymore, either!” 
The group of children walked out of the premises with great momentum. As luck would have it, they bumped right into Pete’s group. 
After the children stared at one another for a while, Terence finally said, “What are you laughing at, Cherry? You’re just embarrassing yourself by coming here! Did you hear that? They just said that Big Sister has forbidden them from teaching children anymore.. Even if your father is Justin Hunt, the Quinn School of Martial Arts is not a place that you can get in with money! Hmph!!”
###Chapter 228: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts!
Chapter 228: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 
Pete, who looked sullen, didn’t speak. 
However, there was also a devil incarnate in their line of work, Brandon, who stood up for his boss. “Terence, you were chased out yourself and you’re taking your anger out on us! Cherry is very powerful. If she says he can bring us in, she can!” 
Terence sneered. “My father said long ago that Quinn School of Martial Arts’ rules are strict. Did you hear that? Only an unofficial disciple like me can enter to learn martial arts. You want to enter? No way!” 
Brandon said, “Then I’ll show you how we get in! Hmph! Cherry, let’s go!” 
Pete nodded and led the way, heading straight for the door. 
However, Terence was following behind them. When he saw this situation, he sneered and said, “Cherry, don’t tell me you still want to go through the main entrance? Do you know that unless there are important guests or inner disciples, the gates of Quinn School of Martial Arts are not open to just anyone!” 
Quinn School of Martial Arts’ management was very strict. This was also one of the reasons why Jordan and the others could not enter even if they wanted to be associated with Quinn School of Martial Arts. This was because they would be stopped at the entrance. It was impossible for them to speak to someone with authority! 
Pete had been in power since he was young. No matter where he went, he would always go through the front door. He did not know anything about this. 
Mia didn’t understand either. 
But Brandon understood. 
His father and Joel were separated by a generation and could be considered cousins. Although they both were Smiths, his generation had to move out. 
After all, his lineage was too distant. 
The direct descendants and the collateral descendants were very clear in aristocratic families. 
Therefore, his father often instructed him to maintain a good relationship with Mia, who was the child of the head of the direct descendants. 
Of course, he wasn’t protecting Mia entirely because of this. After all, he was still young and wasn’t that utilitarian. It was just that his father reminded him every time not to go through the front door, and he was used to it. 
Therefore, he subconsciously looked at Pete. “Boss Cherry, are we really going through the front door? Is that not good?” 
Pete turned his head in confusion. “Every time I come, I always use this door.” 
Every time he came to learn martial arts, it was either Nora who brought him here or Justin. 
Not to mention that he was an internal disciple personally taken in by Mr. Quinn and would be the one to inherit the mantle of Quinn School of Martial Arts in the future. Out of those two parents, one was Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts and the other Mr. Hunt of Irvin School of Martial Arts. They both have very important positions in the martial arts world, how could they possibly take the side door? 
Hearing his words, Terence instantly felt that Cherry was lying. He immediately sneered and said, “What are you bragging about? Every time my father comes to Quinn School of Martial Arts, he would only be
allowed to go through the front door if it’s a special occasion. The rest of the time he would go through the side door. Do you think you guys are worthy?” 
Pete smirked coldly. “Where did this wild dog come from? Why is it barking in front of Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Terence, “?” 
He looked around, confused. “Is there a dog? Where’s the wild dog?” 
Pete, “…” 
He should not have said so much. Arguing with someone whose IQ was not on the same level as his really damaged his image. He shook his head and simply walked forward. 
In the car, Jimmy’s mom was still in touch with Jimmy’s father. 
The two of them looked ahead. When they saw that Terence was being rejected while Cherry was walking toward the main door, Jordan couldn’t help but say, “This child is indeed lying!” 
Jimmy’s mother was taken aback. “What’s wrong?” 
Jordan said, “That Lucas’s words carry a lot of weight in Quinn School of Martial Arts. Since he said that Big Sister had given the order not to open classes for the children, it’s impossible for him to open them again. Didn’t you see that Paul Quinlan’s son was chased out? Although I haven’t found out who that Big Sister is, I found out that she has very high prestige in Quinn School of Martial Arts! Since she said she wouldn’t open t classes for the children, she definitely won’t.” 
Jimmy’s mom sighed. “It’s a good thing I didn’t call Miss Smith. Otherwise, it would have been awkward if she learned that the children were bragging.”
Jordan nodded, but he also sighed in disappointment. 
If Cherry and Miss Smith could not find a way, what else could they do? 
He looked at the side door. There, after Lucas sent Terence and the others out, he had closed the door and left. 
If he could speak to Lucas and get him to convey this to Big Sister, would that work? 
With that thought in mind, he said, “I’m going off to do something. Pick Jimmy up later and comfort him for not being able to enter Quinn School of Martial Arts. Then go home!” 
Jimmy’s mom nodded. “Okay.” 
Jimmy’s father hung up and was about to leave when he saw— 
Brandon was too excited. He walked at the front and rushed in when he reached the door. He was stopped by the people guarding the door. “Eh, where did this child come from? Do you know where you are? How dare you rush in?” 
Brandon struggled but did not feel anything wrong. Boss was right. “Cherry brought us here. She said we could enter from here!” 
The gatekeeper laughed. “Who’s Cherry? I don’t know her!” 
As soon as he said this, Terence laughed out loud. “Did you see that? The main door isn’t for you guys to enter. Cherry, even if you really have connections, you should have entered through the side door! You’ve made a fool of yourself now, haven’t you? You were stopped!” 
With that, he took a step forward and pointed at Pete. “Brother, this is Cherry! She bragged that she could bring her friends into Quinn School of Martial Arts. She also said that she’s very familiar with Mr.
Quinn!” 
When the gatekeeper heard this, he frowned. “What? I want to see who dares to brag like that? I’ll have to find your parents and teach you a lesson…” 
When he saw Pete slowly walking over, he suddenly stopped talking. 
His eyes lit up as he smiled. “Pete, you’re here!” 
Terence:  
He was stunned. 
He looked at Pete in disbelief, only to see Pete nod very calmly. “Yes, is Grandpa Quinn here?” 
The gatekeeper stepped aside enthusiastically. “Yes, Master has prepared delicious desserts. Are these your friends?” 
Pete nodded. “Yeah.” 
“Then hurry up and enter! Master has been waiting for you for a long time!” 
— 
In the car, Jordan and Jimmy’s mother were so shocked that they could not speak. 
Before Jordan could say anything, Jimmy’s mother had already swallowed her saliva. She took out her phone and called Nora. The other party picked up quickly and said in a muffled voice, “Hello.” 
Jimmy’s mother said, “Miss Smith, well, Cherry seems to be quite familiar with Mr. Quinn now that she’s at the Quinn’s. Can we trouble her to introduce us to someone?”
Nora was clearly sleeping. “Who is it?” 
Jimmy’s mother’s tone turned grave. “The Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
“…”
###Chapter 229: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 2
Chapter 229: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 2 
Nora was silent for a moment. 
Sensing that she was silent, Jimmy’s mother misunderstood. “Is it difficult to introduce us to her? Forget it, I was just asking…” 
Actually, if Jimmy coaxed Cherry, she could also pass the message to Mr. Quinn. 
But this was not good. 
To get Cherry to help recommend someone, they definitely had to get the approval of the parent. After all, New York was filled with wealthy families. No one knew who had a relationship with whom. Children did not know the severity of the matter, and she could not ask her children to help resolve it. 
Jimmy’s mother’s thoughts were simple. Cherry might have been able to enter Quinn School of Martial Arts because of Mr. Hunt. It had nothing to do with Miss Smith, so she couldn’t make things difficult for her. 
As she was thinking about this, she heard the other party hesitate for a moment. “It’s not that… Is something the matter?” 
If she wanted her to help introduce her, she would have to explain the situation. Otherwise, what if what they asked the Big Sister to do went against her own interests? 
With the most sincere attitude, Jimmy’s mother sighed. “I want you to be magnanimous and let our Hoffman family off.” 
Nora, “?” 
She was stunned. “What does Quinn School of Martial Arts have to do with the Hoffmans?” 
If the Hoffmans had hurt someone from Quinn School of Martial Arts, then as the Big Sister, Nora would definitely seek justice for them. 
This was not something that could be glossed over with friendship. 
In Nora’s impression, Quinn School of Martial Arts was managed by her master. Her junior brothers were all strong, handsome, and very obedient. 
It was impossible for the internal disciples of Quinn School of Martial Arts to make mistakes. 
At this thought, she heard Jimmy’s mother say, “The thing is, isn’t Quinlan Sect’s backbone the Quinn School of Martial Arts? Forget it, Miss Smith. You’re not an outsider, I won’t beat around the bush about this. Paul Quinlan came to our house the other day and said that he wanted to buy the racing club for five million yuan. Apparently, this is Quinn School of Martial Arts’s intention.” 
Nora, “?” 
Jimmy’s mother continued, “I know that the development of Quinn School of Martial Arts these past few years has not been without the support of flowing capital. Quinlan Sect has provided Quinn School of Martial Arts with a lot of money over the years, so it is a tool for Quinn School of Martial Arts to accumulate wealth outside. However, Hoffmans’ foundation in New York is that racing club. As you know, there are countless people who love racing. The wealthy and influential are all in this circle, and Hoffmans became friends with them because of this. I want to contact that Big Sister. Our racing club can also give Quinn School of Martial Arts a bonus. I just hope that they won’t be so ruthless!” 
Nora, “!!”
While lying on the phone, she suddenly sat up. Her voice was very cold. “What did you say? Quinn School of Martial Arts is accumulating wealth outside?” 
Jimmy’s mother sighed. “Quinn School of Martial Arts has made a lot of money using Quinlan Sect these past few years. They’re really bullying us this time! We Hoffmans can give up any other place other than the racing club, but not this racing club! Our boss has already thought about it. If Quinn School of Martial Arts doesn’t accept our surrender, we’ll fight it out with Quinlan Sect!” 
She was furious. “We can’t afford to offend Quinn School of Martial Arts, but Quinlan Sect has been abusing us all these years. We’re not pushovers!” 
Then, she realized that her tone was too harsh. “I’m sorry, Miss Smith. I couldn’t control my emotions.” 
Nora frowned. 
She knew Jimmy’s mother well. She was an energetic woman. Otherwise, she would not have rushed to school to hit someone. 
However, such a person was actually the most straightforward and did not have many sinister thoughts. 
She said slowly, “It’s okay. I understand what you mean, but as far as I know, Quinn School of Martial Arts has never borrowed Quinlan Sect’s reputation to make money.” 
Jimmy’s mother was stunned for a moment before saying, “Miss Smith, you heard about this too, right? However, Paul Quinlan keeps saying that it’s because of Quinn School of Martial Arts. We can’t be wrong. After all, this concerns the racing club…” 
“I know.” Nora interrupted her. “Now, I need to confirm the entire story. However, I can guarantee that this is definitely not the intention of Big Sister and Mr. Quinn. You don’t need to sell the racing club!”
Jimmy’s mother was stunned by her domineering words. “Ah, okay, okay.” 
After saying that, Nora hung up. 
Jimmy’s mother stared at her phone in a daze. 
At this moment, there was a knock on the car window. She opened it and saw Jordan walking over. He opened the car door and sat beside her. Looking at her phone, he asked, “You called Miss Smith?” 
She nodded in a daze. 
Jordan misunderstood. “Miss Smith is unable to help? I was just thinking that since Cherry is Mr. Hunt’s child, she might have been able to enter Quinn School of Martial Arts because of his help. Although I don’t know why Mr. Quinn would accept a child from Irvin School of Martial Arts. After all, he hates everyone there the most!” 
Upon hearing this, Jimmy’s mother suddenly said, “What if that child is also Big Sister’s child?” 
Jordan, “?” 
He was stunned and turned his head slowly. “What?” 
Jimmy’s mother quickly shook her head. “I guess I was too hot and dizzy. I actually said such nonsense.” 
Miss Smith’s tone earlier, especially when she spoke of Big Sister and Mr. Quinn, made it seem as if she was Big Sister herself. 
But how was that possible? 
However, Miss Smith definitely knew Big Sister. Perhaps the Big Sister was also a racing fan of Miss Smith?
She shook her head and abandoned the unrealistic thoughts in her mind. Then, she heard Jordan say, “If Miss Smith can’t help, she must have her own difficulties. Don’t take your anger out on her because of this…” 
“No,” she interrupted him and said slowly, “Miss Smith said that we don’t have to sell the racing club. That’s not Quinn School of Martial Arts’ intention.” 
Jordan: “…” 
— 
Quinlan Sect. 
After Terence cried bitterly on the phone, Paul Quinlan rushed over. He did not expect to see the Hoffmans’ car not far from the entrance. 
Why were they here? 
Paul Quinlan narrowed his eyes. After getting out of the car, he walked straight to the two of them and knocked on the door. However, he realized that the couple was in the car and could not enter. 
He instantly felt superior. “Mr. Hoffman, why are you here?” 
Jordan pursed his lips and suddenly said, “Mr. Quinlan, let me ask you a question. Was it really Quinn School of Martial Arts’ idea to acquire our racing club?” 
Paul Quinlan raised his eyebrows and chuckled. “Mr. Hoffman, what do you mean? Do you think I’ll lie to you? Why don’t I look for Lucas to sign the contract with our families?” 
At this moment, Nora was racing over..
###Chapter 230: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 3
Chapter 230: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 3 
Nora could ensure that she and Mr. Quinn did not commit any crimes, and she could also guarantee that Lucas, who had interacted with her a lot, was not that kind of a person. However, she could not guarantee if someone had relied on the power of Quinn School of Martial Arts to do bad things outside. After all, there were so many disciples under them. 
Therefore, she had to come over and find out what was going on. 
Unfortunately, Jimmy’s mother and Jordan did not know about this. When they heard Paul Quinlan’s frank words, both of them trembled in fear! 
The fact that he dared to call Lucas over to confront him at the entrance of Quinn School of Martial Arts meant that either Paul Quinlan’s heart was too big or this matter was true. 
How trustworthy were Miss Smith’s words? 
Jordan narrowed his eyes. “He doesn’t have to watch the contract. Either you call him out and get him to give us accurate information, or I’ll feel aggrieved about the loss of this money.” 
Paul Quinlan narrowed his eyes and smiled. “Sure. Wait a moment, Mr. Hoffman. Quinn School of Martial Arts is not a place that just anyone can enter.” 
Jordan, “!!” 
Jimmy’s mother was even more furious. “Heh, speaking of which, we’re not random people, are we? Mr. Quinlan, you have such a high status in Quinn School of Martial Arts. Can’t you show us around?” 
Paul Quinlan was neither angry nor annoyed. “How is my status high? I’m just the Big Brother of the unofficial disciples. Master loves silence the most. Not to mention me, even Senior Lucas can’t bring anyone in! Of course, unless Big Sister comes…” 
Jimmy’s mother and Jordan looked at each other. 
At this moment, their minds were filled with one thought— 
“Daddy, why can Cherry bring her friends in?” 
Terence asked indignantly. He had lost all his face in front of his friends earlier! Therefore, he was not afraid of ruining Paul Quinlan’s show. 
Paul, “!” 
When Terence had called him to cry and complain, he had said that Quinn School of Martial Arts had stopped him from bringing his friends in. He had not told him the details, so he had not understood. 
When he heard this, his pupils constricted. “What?” 
Only then did Terence tell him what had happened. “…Why can Cherry bring people in? Why can’t I? Dad, are you still the number one Big Brother of Quinn School of Martial Arts?! Why are you so weak?!” 
Paul, “…” 
He looked at Jordan and Jimmy’s mother and then at Terence. “What are you talking about? Don’t be anxious. I’ll ask around! Did you just say that Cherry brought two children from the Smiths in?” 
Terence nodded. 
Paul Quinlan sneered. “She’s smart. She might not be able to enter with just Justin’s reputation, but if the Smiths are involved, Quinn School of Martial Arts will have to give her face no matter what!”
If they did not give face to the two wealthy families in New York, then Quinn School of Martial Arts would be considered too disrespectful! 
Therefore, Paul Quinlan still did not suspect anything. He patted Terence’s head and got the children into the car before heading to the side door. After knocking on the door, he entered Quinn School of Martial Arts. 
When Lucas heard that Paul Quinlan was here, he personally welcomed him. “This is all my fault! Big Sister told me about this, but I forgot to tell you last time! Sigh!” 
Paul Quinlan was the best at handling people. “How could you be blamed? It’s also my son’s mischievousness. I’ve already taught him a lesson!” 
These words made Lucas feel even more guilty. 
Paul Quinlan took the opportunity to say, “It’s also because I’ve been too busy recently and haven’t had the time to care about him. Sigh!” 
As he spoke, he sighed, making Lucas curious. “Busy with what?” 
Paul Quinlan sighed again. “I was busy with Quinlan Sect’s business. I had originally planned to buy a racing track for 50 million, but the other party changed their mind at the last minute. He even said… Sigh!” 
Lucas was furious. “What did you say?” 
Paul Quinlan shook his head. “Forget it. It’s nothing. I can’t let Quinn School of Martial Arts be humiliated.” 
Lucas became even more anxious. “Tell me, what did he say?”
Paul Quinlan sighed. “He said that he heard that I’m the Big Brother of the unofficial disciples of Quinn School of Martial Arts, and don’t have much of a presence. Therefore, he sold it to someone else. Over the years, I’ve always remembered Master’s teachings and never dared to cause trouble outside. But look, others treat me as easy to bully. They’re all bullying me!” 
Lucas was instantly exasperated. “Not to mention unofficial disciples, even a small disciple of our Quinn School of Martial Arts can’t be bullied by others! Who is that person? Where is he? Bring me to see him!” 
Paul Quinlan said, “How could I ask this of you? But it’s a coincidence, they’re outside the door right now. Senior Brother, why don’t you help me greet them? There’s no need to say anything. Just acknowledge me as the Big Brother.” 
“Alright, that’s easy!” 
Lucas had been deceived by his image for a few years and had long believed that Paul Quinlan was a good person. Therefore, he followed him out without any doubts. 
When they saw Lucas come out, Jimmy’s mother and Jordan were even more stunned. 
The two of them hurriedly got out of the car and saw Lucas walking over aggressively with his chin raised. 
Jordan frowned. 
Could it be that Lucas was angry because he heard that they did not trust Paul Quinlan? 
As he thought about this, Paul Quinlan introduced, “Senior Brother, these are my business partners.” 
Then, he said to Jordan and Jimmy’s mother, “This is Senior Lucas, who is considered the second Big Brother of the internal disciples. Other than Big Sister, he’s the most prestigious person in the entire Quinn School of Martial Arts.”
Lucas praised him as well. “Of course not. Big Brother Quinlan, you’re the number one unofficial disciple. Actually, according to your age, I should also call you Senior Brother!” 
Paul Quinlan smiled. “Senior Lucas, you’re welcome!” 
The two of them spoke intimately. It was obvious that they were very close. 
Jimmy’s mother’s expression changed. 
Jordan’s expression darkened as he said, “Senior Lucas, regarding business…” 
Before he could finish, Paul Quinlan interrupted him. “Mr. Hoffman, my Senior Lucas has never cared about business. Let us discuss business matters ourselves instead!” 
Lucas nodded. “Yes, Quinn School of Martial Arts never does business, but Paul Quinlan is the number one unofficial disciple of Quinn School of Martial Arts. He’s equivalent to Quinn School of Martial Arts’ face!” 
In other words, no one should underestimate him! 
Jordan’s expression darkened. He said, “I understand.” 
Jimmy’s mother was indignant. “Mr. Lucas, does your Big Sister also acknowledge Mr. Quinlan?” 
Lucas immediately said, “Of course! Although Big Sister never interfered with the affairs of Quinn School of Martial Arts, she treated the disciples very well!” 
When Jimmy’s mom heard this, she almost despaired.
It seemed like Miss Smith did not know Big Sister well enough. Did Lucas mean that even Big Sister was on Paul Quinlan’s side? 
Paul Quinlan looked at the two of them proudly and suddenly smiled. “Mr. Hoffman, I brought the contract. Why don’t we sign it now?” 
Jordan:”…” 
At this moment, a car suddenly stopped beside them, raising waves of dust..
###Chapter 231: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 4
Chapter 231: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 4 
Nora’s car was too fast and too impatient, causing dust to fly. 
The four people covered in dust looked at her simultaneously and saw the car stop. Nora pushed the door open and got out of the car. 
When she saw that it was her, Jimmy’s mother became nervous. She looked at Paul Quinlan, afraid that he would make things difficult for her. 
As for Jordan, he stood between her and Paul Quinlan without hesitation. He used his powerful and muscular body to block Paul Quinlan’s sudden attack. 
After all, this was a “weak girl”. He still had to protect her. 
Huh, but something seemed off? 
When Jordan saw Nora’s thin and frail body, he had already forgotten that she had once fought more than ten people alone and rushed into Jimmy’s bedroom. After all, he had not seen it himself. 
When Lucas saw Nora, he was also stunned. He was about to call her Big Sister when he suddenly realized that there were too many people in front of him. Nora had specially instructed him not to reveal her identity in front of everyone. 
Therefore, he opened his mouth and closed it again. 
As he was conflicted about how to address her, Lucas did not speak for a moment.
Only Paul Quinlan snorted. “Miss Smith? You’re here too? What’s wrong? Did you hear that Mr. Hoffman is here and come over to show off?” 
Lucas looked at Paul Quinlan in surprise. 
Eh? He knew Big Sister? 
But why did his tone sound a little off? 
As he was thinking about this, he saw Nora raise her eyebrows. She ignored him and looked at Jordan and Jimmy’s mother instead. “Why are you guys here?” 
Jimmy’s mother glanced at him and explained, “Cherry who took Jimmy in to study martial arts in, so we waited here for her to come out and pick him up.” 
Hearing this, Nora raised her eyebrows. 
According to the old man’s fondness for Cherry, if Cherry had said anything, the old man would have definitely stood up for Jordan and his wife. However, they had never thought of approaching Mr. Quinn through her. 
This made her like Jimmy’s mother even more. 
She lowered her eyes. “Yes.” 
With that, she looked at Lucas and felt that it was not nice to talk about Quinn School of Martial Arts outside. Therefore, she said, “I’m afraid there’ll be a war of words today. Lu…” 
She hesitated for a while, not knowing how to call him. Mr. Lucas? It was so strange… 
As she was hesitating, Lucas had already reacted like a smart person. “Yes, yes. Everyone, come inside and find the lounge to sit down and chat!”
Lucas was puzzled by the entire matter. 
From the looks of it, Big Sister seemed to treat Jordan and his wife well. But did she know that this couple was bullying their unofficial disciple? 
He felt that he should let Big Sister know in private so that she would not bully her family later. 
Their Quinn School of Martial Arts was the most protective! 
Paul Quinlan frowned in confusion when he saw Lucas’s enthusiastic attitude. Then, he followed Paul Quinlan’s words and turned around. “Yes, you’re a guest. Let’s talk inside!” 
With that, Lucas added, “Bring your contract so that we can sign it!” 
Paul Quinlan’s restless heart instantly settled back into his stomach with these words. 
As long as Senior Lucas was on his side, there was no problem. 
Paul Quinlan glanced at Nora again and thought that Lucas was being more polite to her probably because of Cherry. After all, Cherry was Justin’s daughter. 
From what happened last time, he could tell that Quinn School of Martial Arts was still very tolerant of Justin. 
They did not seem to be as hostile as they were a few years ago. 
He was thinking so muddle-headedly and did not notice for a moment that Lucas was leading everyone through the main door. He did not notice that when the gatekeeper saw Nora among them, he respectfully cupped his fists and bowed, while Nora only nodded slightly.
He did not notice it, but Jordan and Jimmy’s mother did. 
The two of them looked at Nora in shock and swallowed their saliva simultaneously. 
Who was this Miss Smith? 
Why were the people from Quinn School of Martial Arts so polite to her? 
As the two of them were feeling fearful, the group entered the guest room beside them. 
Quinn School of Martial Arts was a courtyard house. The waiting room was decorated in a Chinese style, and there was redwood furniture inside. It was obvious that the price was not cheap. 
The foundation of an expert martial arts School Arts was revealed. 
Some disciples brought tea while others brought fruits. 
After everything was prepared, Lucas suddenly said, “Everyone, please wait a moment. Miss Smith, please come with me.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Coincidentally, she still had not figured out the situation. She wanted to ask Lucas and see if Paul Quinlan was protected by Lucas. 
If Paul Quinlan had acted on his own accord, she would definitely have dealt with him. 
But if Lucas secretly supported him, then… she would have to ask this junior of hers. Was there not enough money at home? Or did he not have enough money to get married after finding a girlfriend outside? 
Should she consider giving him some money?
Yes, the unofficial disciples belonged to others, but the junior brother belonged to her! 
Especially him! 
Lucas had helped her take care of Quinn School of Martial Arts all these years. Nothing must happen to him. Even if something happened, she had to help cover it up. 
With this thought in mind, the two of them went out and walked to the courtyard beside them. 
In the courtyard, a few disciples of the Quinn School of Martial Arts were practicing martial arts. Lucas said, “Big Sister, are you very familiar with Jordan?” 
Nora thought for a moment. “Not really.” 
They had a few interactions, but they did not interact much. 
Lucas heaved a sigh of relief. “That’s good. Your friend is a bully! Paul Quinlan told me…” 
He explained Paul Quinlan’s words. 
Nora, “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and looked at Lucas with a faint smile. “He said that he would buy the racing club for 50 million?” 
Lucas nodded. 
Nora suddenly smiled. “Then do you know how much that racing club is worth?” 
Lucas shook his head in confusion. “How much can a club be worth? It can’t be worth hundreds of millions!”
Nora sighed silently. 
It was more than a few hundred million! 
The capital inside was as high as one billion, or even ten billion! 
Everyone was racing and gambling. Some people bet tens of millions or even hundreds of millions. As for Jordan’s family, they were taking interest from the capital flow! 
She patted Lucas’s shoulder. “Lucas, you’re too naive.” 
Lucas, “…” 
In the guest room. 
As he watched the two of them leave, Lucas gave Paul Quinlan a reassuring look before the latter heaved a sigh of relief. 
It seemed like Lucas was planning to let Nora settle the matter. 
Then he would take the opportunity to force the Hoffmans. 
He stood up and smiled. “Can we sign the contract now?” 
Jordan and his wife were still in shock over Nora’s identity. When they heard this, Jimmy’s mother was very determined. “Ha, we won’t sign it.” 
Paul Quinlan sneered. “Don’t tell me you’re hoping that Nora can save you? Who does she think she is? She’s at most Justin’s secret lover. Quinn School of Martial Arts only gave Justin some face. How could they give her any?”
As soon as he said this, the door was suddenly pushed open..
###Chapter 232: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 5
Chapter 232: Miss Smith of Quinn School of Martial Arts! 5 
Paul Quinlan was stunned. He turned around and saw Lucas and Nora standing there. 
Lucas frowned and reprimanded, “What are you saying?” 
When Paul Quinlan saw his unhappy expression, he hurriedly smiled. “Senior Lucas, you’re back? I can’t speak, I was wrong.” 
He knew that Quinn School of Martial Arts hated saying things like women and lovers. That old man was very particular and liked to put on an act. 
His words earlier were indeed a little too unpleasant. 
He pretended to hit his own mouth and looked at Nora again. “Miss Smith, don’t mind me. I just spoke without thinking.” 
With that, he smiled at Jordan and Jimmy’s mother. 
Jordan and Jimmy’s mother stood up and tried to see if they could get something from Lucas and Nora’s faces. However, Nora remained calm. Her eyes were filled with sleepiness, and no emotions could be seen. 
On the other hand, Lucas’ expression was very ugly. Did Miss Smith anger him? 
Jimmy’s mother clenched her fists. 
Miss Smith must have spoken up for them. Lucas was so angry because Miss Smith had delayed his business, right?
She frowned and looked at Jordan. The two of them had been husband and wife for many years. With one look, they understood something. Jordan immediately said, “Mr. Lucas, don’t be angry. We’re only here to see if we can reduce our losses. After all, buying a club for five million is really no different from robbing!” 
Five million? 
Lucas was stunned. “Isn’t it 50 million?” 
Jordan and his wife were speechless. 
The two of them looked at Paul Quinlan in unison and saw him stand up straight with a frown. “That’s right. We clearly agreed on 50 million yuan. Why are you guys playing the blame game now that you’re in Quinn School of Martial Arts?! Even the contract says 50 million! Mr. Hoffman, no matter how much you look down on me, there’s no need to slander me like this, right?” 
Paul Quinlan straightened his back after saying those words. 
He had buried them. 
When Jordan and Jimmy’s mother found Quinn School of Martial Arts and Mr. Quinn said that he would chase Paul out if he made another mistake, he had thought of this strategy that could turn the tables! 
His plan was simple. He could slander the Hoffmans and force them to sell the club for 50 million yuan. 
Although it had increased by 45 million for no reason, it was worth it compared to the value of that club! 
Furthermore, his price sounded very suitable. 
After all, Lucas did not know about the casinos in racing clubs. On the surface, 50 million yuan to buy a club was a very suitable price.
The Hoffmans clenched their fists. “You’re slandering us!” 
Paul sighed. “I really don’t intend to force a sale. Logically speaking, it should be a business that we’re both willing to do. But you guys keep changing your minds and now you’re accusing me of slander… Where are you going to buy a club for five million? Isn’t this robbery? Now that Senior Lucas is here and you guys are in Quinn School of Martial Arts, I want to ask you, Mr. Hoffman, is your club for sale or not?!” 
Jimmy’s mom was furious. “Even 50 million is not enough!” 
Paul frowned. “How can you say that? Don’t tell me you want to raise the price again? How can you change your business so quickly? You guys are really bullying our Quinn School of Martial Arts!” 
Anyway, Lucas did not know the inside story of the club. 
Logically speaking, it should be time for Lucas to stand up for him after hearing his words. As Paul thought about this, he turned his head and saw Lucas staring at him angrily… Wait, why him? 
Paul was stunned and immediately caught on to something. 
But before he could react, Lucas had already taken a step forward. “Brother Paul, actually, I already respect you in my heart. After all, you’re the number one unofficial disciple, the Big Brother of the unofficial sect. Although Master has divided Quinn School of Martial Arts into the internal and unofficial sects, he’s actually very concerned about the unofficial disciples. Every time you come, I personally welcome you…” 
Paul did not understand why Lucas was saying all this at this moment, but he still took the opportunity to look at Jordan and nodded meaningfully. “Yes, although I’m an unofficial disciple, I’m not someone who can be bullied by just anyone!”
The meaning behind his words was: I, an unofficial disciple, have a lot of weight in Quinn School of Martial Arts! 
Jordan and Jimmy’s mother were stunned. They did not know what Miss Smith and Lucas were up to, so they could only stay silent. 
Paul smiled, feeling that the atmosphere today was enough. 
Taking out Quinn School of Martial Arts to oppress the Hoffmans and changing the price from 5 to 50 million would make it easier for the Hoffmans to accept. 
It seemed like they could not escape the contract today. 
Just as he thought of this, he heard Lucas sigh deeply. “Paul, it has already come to this, but you’re still using me.” 
Paul: “?” 
He turned around suddenly and looked at Lucas in disbelief. “Wh-what did you say?” 
Lucas glared at him angrily. “I treated you as a good friend and treated you as my superior. Master doesn’t like you, so I pleaded on your behalf because I kept thinking about the times we trained together. But what about you?” 
Paul was stunned. “Senior Lucas, I…” 
Lucas lowered his eyes. “Miss… Miss Smith has already told me that that club is priceless. The Hoffmans have never thought of selling it, either. It was you who used the power of Quinn School of Martial Arts to force a deal!! This has already severely violated our rules! Punishing the strong and helping the weak, eradicating the evil and promoting the good, is what we should do. But you actually used us to suppress the weak. You disappoint me!”
Paul gulped. “Senior Lucas, you’ve misunderstood. Did you misunderstand something?” 
He suddenly looked at Nora and narrowed his eyes. “I understand. Did she say something to you? But Senior Lucas, how can you trust an outsider rather than your junior?!” 
Nora, “” 
She scoffed. 
Paul tried his best to maintain his dignity. He did not dare to really offend Quinn School of Martial Arts. He immediately said, “Senior Lucas, don’t listen to her nonsense. She has always had ill intentions toward me!” 
“It was her who killed Winston and the others. This woman is the most promiscuous and goes around seducing men. Senior Lucas, you couldn’t have been misled by her beauty, right?” 
Lucas, “…” 
Furious, he suddenly stretched out his fist and punched Paul. “What nonsense are you talking about?!” 
Paul reached out to block his attack and used his arm to block him. However, he shouted loudly, “Then do you dare to bring me to Master? We’ll let Master be the judge! Master hates helping outsiders bully his family the most, Senior Lucas! You actually helped an outsider!” 
When he said this, Lucas could not stand it anymore and shouted angrily, “Do you know who she is? She’s not an outsider!”
###Chapter 233: Because He’s My Son!
Chapter 233: Because He’s My Son! 
Not an outsider? 
Paul was stunned again. While he was still in a daze, Lucas took the opportunity to punch him in the face. Bang! Blood splattered as Paul’s nose bled again… 
He retreated and avoided Lucas’ attack. “Not an outsider? Then tell me who she is!” 
Lucas choked and was speechless. 
Paul sneered when he saw him. “Tell me? You can’t say anything, right? I know. Are you having an affair with her?” 
“You’re asking for a beating!” 
Lucas had always had a good temper. At this moment, he was so angry that he could not speak. He could only punch repeatedly, making Paul run around the room in a sorry state. 
“Paul, if you don’t explain yourself, this matter will not end today!” 
Paul found an opportunity and dashed out to the courtyard. 
The other disciples in the courtyard rushed over one after another, not understanding what was going on. Then, they saw Lucas, whom they respected very much, running out of his room and chasing after Paul. 
Paul shouted, “Everyone, come and judge! Senior Lucas actually bullied me for his lover! Master, save me!”
With that, someone stepped forward, wanting to stop Lucas. Lucas roared angrily, “Move!” 
That person immediately moved aside and did not dare to interfere. 
It couldn’t be helped. Lucas was now managing the Quinn School of Martial Arts on behalf of the sect leader! Who dared to provoke him?! 
However, Paul seized the opportunity and ran straight to Mr. Quinn’s courtyard. He ran straight to the martial arts hall. “Master, help! Help!” 
Logically speaking, the disciple guarding the door should have stopped him. When he saw that it was Lucas behind him and heard Paul shouting for help, he was momentarily at a loss. Therefore, he let him pass and enter the courtyard. 
Lucas followed closely behind. 
The other disciples did not dare to enter Master’s courtyard casually. They could only stand outside the courtyard and crane their necks to look inside. 
The usually refined Senior Lucas had actually beaten up the number one unofficial disciple, Paul Quinlan. Weren’t these two people on the best terms usually? What was going on today? 
The Hoffmans, who were already stunned, were still standing in the lounge. They looked at the messy room and did not know what to do. Then, they saw Nora sigh silently. 
She rubbed her temples and said helplessly, “Follow me.” 
It had already reached the old man. It seemed like she did not need to cover up her alias anymore. 
Sigh!
Therefore, everyone watched as Nora brought the Hoffmans slowly and leisurely to Mr. Quinn’s door. Then, under everyone’s gazes, she entered the courtyard openly. 
At this moment, Mr. Quinn and the children were already standing in the courtyard. 
Pete stood beside Mr. Quinn and protected him… After all, Grandpa Quinn looked very old, and his legs seemed very inconvenient. 
The other children were frightened and hid behind Mr. Quinn. 
Only Mia was hiding behind Pete. 
Lucas restrained his thoughts of making a move in front of Mr. Quinn. After all, this was too disrespectful to his Master. 
Only Paul’s gaze landed on Pete. 
Wasn’t this Justin’s daughter? 
He originally thought that she could enter because Justin had exerted his strength and made Quinn School of Martial Arts violate the rules to teach them martial arts. There was no doubt that his reputation could not compare to Justin’s. 
But how could she be in the martial arts hall? 
Only internal disciples could enter this place! 
He suddenly remembered that some time ago, Mr. Quinn had taken in a five-year-old disciple… 
He was suddenly shocked. “Master, is this your new little disciple?”
Mr. Quinn looked at Pete and the curious disciples of Quinn School of Martial Arts. He knew that he had to rectify Pete’s name. 
He coughed. “Don’t talk nonsense. No!” 
Although Mr. Quinn was indeed teaching Pete martial arts and everyone guessed that he had taken in another disciple, he had not held any ceremony. 
One was because Justin wanted to protect Pete and never exposed his information. 
Secondly, Mr. Quinn had never thought of taking him in as a disciple! 
If he was taken in as a disciple, how would Nora and Pete address each other? Wouldn’t their seniority be messed up? 
The reason why Mr. Quinn taught Pete martial arts was to nurture Nora’s next successor. After all, if he had to rely on Nora, that lazy egg, to nurture him, he was worried that the ultimate martial arts of Quinn School of Martial Arts would end with Nora! 
No one could say how bitter he felt. 
He could only lie to Nora and say that he had taken in a disciple. He wanted her to be nervous and let her know that he was unhappy. He wanted her to take the initiative to beg for mercy. 
However, this fellow did not even care about her son becoming her Senior. 
She did not care about the eyes of the world, but he did! 
Therefore, he had not announced it to the public because he wanted to find an opportunity to tell everyone that Pete was not his disciple!
He was an 80-year-old man. Why would he take in a five-year-old disciple? This was his grand-disciple! 
He was only helping his unfilial disciple to train with her grand-disciple! 
Mr. Quinn coughed and touched Pete’s head. 
Paul heaved a sigh of relief. Just as he was about to say something, he heard Mr. Quinn say in a loud voice, “This child has an excellent foundation and is quite talented in the martial arts. Therefore, I want to announce that from today onwards, your Big Sister will officially take him in as a disciple! He’s also the first disciple of the direct line of disciples in our sect!” 
Mr. Quinn had a grand-disciple a long time ago. Unfortunately, they were not direct descendants. 
With that, everyone understood. 
One by one, they shouted up, “Congratulations, Big Sister, for accepting a disciple!” 
Nora’s lips twitched. In this unified voice, she could even hear Jimmy’s mother’s voice behind her wondering if Mr. Quinn had said something wrong. Wasn’t the child Nora’s daughter? 
Nora: “…” 
Paul knew that he was done for. 
This child was Nora’s daughter. She would definitely side with her mother. 
His expression darkened as he rebuked angrily, “Master! I always thought that our Quinn School of Martial Arts was proud and unyielding, but I didn’t expect that one day, you would actually submit to the Hunts! You let Big Sister take him in as a disciple because he’s Justin’s child, right?!”
He stood up straight and descended from the sky like a God of justice, egging everyone on angrily. “I’m really heartbroken! I didn’t expect Quinn School of Martial Arts to fall to the point of kneeling and licking Justin! My sect is unfortunate, my sect is unfortunate!” 
He shouted a few times before the celebration outside stopped. 
Quinn School of Martial Arts was glorious. How could this be? Everyone looked at Mr. Quinn, waiting for his explanation. 
But at the next moment— 
A delicate figure suddenly stepped forward and sent a kick out at an extremely fast speed, sending the crying Paul to the side. “Shut up! Master asked me to take him in as my disciple because he’s my son!” 
Nora was really furious. The old man was already in his eighties and was the most superstitious. This person could not say anything good. If the old man was angered badly, wouldn’t she have to come back to take charge of the situation? 
Paul was kicked a little heavily. He rubbed against the ground for a few meters before hitting the wall in the courtyard. “Pfft!” He spat out a mouthful of blood. 
The pain made his mind unable to react to the huge information contained in Nora’s words for a moment. He only suppressed the pain and stared at her angrily. “How ridiculous. You? Who do you think you are?” 
Nora clapped her hands and drooped her eyes. Her tone was lazy. 
“I’m your Big Sister.” 
“Oh, not anymore.”
“You’ve been expelled..”
###Chapter 234: Paul Quinlan’s Fate!
Chapter 234: Paul Quinlan’s Fate! 
“…” 
The entire courtyard was silent. 
It was as if someone had pressed the mute button on everyone, and they all stared at the thin young woman in astonishment and disbelief. 
Disregarding how astonished Jordan and Mrs. Hoffman—who had already suspected a thing or two a long time ago—were, even Paul was so shocked that he had all but forgotten the pain he was feeling. 
She was the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister? 
How… how could that be?! 
A mere girlie… 
Master often said that Big Sister had been painstakingly training in martial arts for 25 years, but didn’t the girl in front of them at the moment look like she was barely past twenty? 
Was she already training in martial arts while she was in her mother’s womb? 
How would he know that back then, when Quinn was struggling to find his successor, yet the Irvin School of Martial Arts had been a step ahead of him and taken Justin—who had the highest aptitude in martial arts in New York—with them, he had vowed to find someone on par with Justin? 
How would he know that back then, while Quinn was struggling to find his successor, he had vowed to find someone on par with Justin? At the time, Irvin School of Martial Arts had been a step ahead of
Quinn and had taken Justin, who had the highest aptitude in martial arts in all of New York, with them. 
However, even after searching for a very long time, he simply couldn’t find anyone suitable. This continued until Yvette Anderson called him and asked if he wanted to take a disciple. At that time, he had asked, “Who is it?” 
He had wanted to take Yvette as his disciple when she was young, but unfortunately, she didn’t have any aspirations in martial arts, so she had rejected him. 
Later on, when Yvette grew up, he didn’t want to take her as a disciple anymore. 
Now that Yvette was the one bringing the topic up, he was very curious—who was it that Yvette had seen potential in and was sending to him? 
The next moment, Yvette answered, “It’s my daughter.” 
“…” 
Her answer had made Quinn dumbfounded at that time. “I haven’t even met her before. How would I know whether she has a good aptitude or not?” 
Yvette replied, “It’s better than mine.” 
“… Okay, I’ll take her!” A panicked Quinn immediately shouted, lest someone snatched her away if he was even a second late. 
“Okay. I’ll get her to contact you three years later.” 
An anxious Quinn said, “Why do we have to wait three years for it? Martial arts training should start early, preferably right away. How old is your daughter? The best age for one to learn martial arts is between three to six years old. You’d better not delay the child’s learning!”
Yvette sounded very calm as she replied, “Oh, she’s negative six-months-old right now.” 
Quinn, “?” 
He was bewildered. “What do you mean?” 
“Why are you so stupid, old man? It means there are still six months before she’ll be born!” 
Quinn, “…” 
At that time, Yvette had already disappeared from New York for two years. 
Quinn panicked. He asked, “Are you lying to me? How would you know whether the aptitude of a baby, that hasn’t even been born yet, would be good or not?” 
“Don’t worry. I will groom her from this point on. There won’t be any problem at all. Even if you don’t believe in yourself, don’t you believe in me?” 
Thus was Quinn fooled by her. 
From then on, he finally had a disciple of direct lineage. Quinn, who was already in his fifties then, became terribly excited. Justin, who had joined the Irvin School of Martial Arts, was just a one-year-old baby at that time. 
No matter what, they would have to wait until he was two or three years old to learn martial arts. In order to be a step faster than the Irvin School of Martial Arts, he straight-up announced to everyone that he had already found the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister, and was secretly training her! This was how it ended up giving everyone the illusion that Big Sister had been practicing martial arts for 25 years. 
Three years later, when Nora was a little over two years old, someone contacted him and told him where she was.
He rushed to California right away. 
He was overjoyed when he checked the child’s physique. She really was more suitable to practice martial arts than even Yvette herself! On top of that, she was much younger than Yvette, so she was overflowing with potential to be shaped into greatness! 
Thus, Quinn bought the villa next to the Smiths’. The two houses were right next to each other. Moreover, Henry and Wendy Smith didn’t pay much attention to Nora, either. 
He started to teach Nora martial arts. After two years of training, Nora, the crazy mutant, became enlightened in the ways of martial arts, and he also finished teaching her everything he knew. The resigned Quinn then returned to New York. 
Since then, they kept constant contact via the Internet. However, when Nora turned five, she started to gain weight, causing her to become out of breath after walking only a few steps. Fortunately, the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ techniques strengthened her body for her all this time. 
It was just a pity that she was lazy, which made Quinn so angry that for a time, he kept using the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother to provoke her every day. 
“That old devious scumbag’s littlest disciple trains for sixteen hours a day and uses the remaining eight hours to eat and sleep, but look at you! My little disciple, can you be a little more diligent?! Although we’ve already mastered everything, you should still brush up on what you’ve learned more often. Otherwise, you’ll forget everything!” 
“Do you think you’re already very impressive, Nora? Yes, you are indeed able to beat others in a fight, but you won’t be able to beat that old devious scumbag’s crazy mutant of a disciple! Can you be a little
more diligent? You didn’t even train for two hours today… Never mind, how about half an hour instead? Take it that Master is pleading with you!” 
“Nora, even geniuses won’t last if they continue to waste away like this. What’s so great about sleeping?” 
“…” 
The lazier Nora was, the bigger a headache Quinn had. Every time he saw people praising Justin, he couldn’t help but boast about how awesome his little disciple was. 
This led to the entire Quinn School of Martial Arts developing a misconception of Big Sister in the end! 
Big Sister was probably a very serious, hardworking, and stern person. Even if she started training in martial arts from the age of three, she should already be 28 years old this year! 
Nora had a good complexion and was fair-skinned. Coupled with how she was sleep-deprived all year round, she was thin and slender like a teenage girl. Her appearance tended to give one the illusion that she wasn’t even 20 years old yet. 
Therefore, how would Paul ever consider such a possibility? 
He stared at Nora in shock and swallowed hard. Then, he looked at Quinn again. Everything became clear as day in this instant. 
Quinn hadn’t gotten angry the last time because of Justin; rather, it was because of Big Sister! 
Winston had stupidly tried to lay his hands on Big Sister! 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts had never yielded to anyone. He was the one who had been too presumptuous.
Paul was so shocked that he couldn’t say anything. Even when he heard Nora say that he had been expelled from the sect, he still couldn’t say anything. 
This was because he did deserve to be punished for angering Big Sister! 
Moreover, given Big Sister’s status in the sect alone, he couldn’t say a word in his defense, either— because Quinn had already announced a long time ago that Big Sister’s status was equivalent to his own! 
In fact, Quinn had even said that Big Sister’s martial arts prowess highly likely already surpassed his… 
Paul swallowed hard. He struggled to his feet and said, “Fine, I’ll leave… The Quinlan Sect and the Quinn School of Martial Arts have nothing to do with each other from now on!” 
He turned around after he spoke, but just as he was about to stride forward, the girl asked lightly, “Are you leaving just like that?” 
Paul looked back at her. “What else do I do, if not leave?” 
“Violation of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ rules are treated the same as sect abandonment. So, you want to leave the sect? Sure. Return to the Quinn School of Martial Arts what you’ve learned here, then!” 
Nora’s words made Paul’s pupils shrink fiercely. 
He stared at the girl incredulously… She was clearly so young, yet her words were so merciless! Returning what he had learned to the Quinn School of Martial Arts… She wanted to make it such that he would never be able to use martial arts ever again! 
His pupils shrank as he watched the girl take step after step toward him. “W-what do you think you’re doing?”
The corners of Nora’s lips hooked upward slightly. 
— 
Outside the sect. 
Inside one of the cars, waiting to pick up the children, a bored Tanya was surfing the Internet on her cell phone. 
Joel stared in front of him. After a long internal struggle, he was just about to get out of the car to go to Tanya when his phone suddenly rang. He glanced at it impatiently, only to calm down immediately upon seeing the caller. He picked up the call and said respectfully, “Hello, Uncle Ian.” 
Ian kept quiet for a long while before he finally asked, “Where is Nora Smith?”
###Chapter 235: Make Sure She Doesn’t Die
Chapter 235: Make Sure She Doesn’t Die 
Joel was a little surprised at the question. He answered, “She’s inside the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Was Uncle Ian going to acknowledge her and bring her back to the Smiths? 
As soon as the thought formed, the man said, “Oh.” 
Joel, “…” 
He kept quiet for a while before he said, “She seems to have offended Paul Quinlan, but with Justin Hunt’s ties to the Quinn School of Martial Arts, they won’t do anything to her… Do we intervene?” 
Ian stayed silent for a very long while. In the end, he sneered, “With Justin Hunt protecting her, why would she need us?” 
Joel could hear the displeasure in his words. However, when he thought of the DNA test report, he didn’t dare to say anything. 
Just when he thought Ian was going to hang up, Ian said, “… But the Smiths are not to be bullied. Don’t let her die.” 
Joel breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay.” 
Joel spaced out for a moment after he hung up. 
By right, he wasn’t really friends with Nora. Added to this, Ian’s attitude toward her, as well as how hurtful her existence was to Ian, it would make more sense if he looked forward to something happening to Nora instead.
So, why had he actually breathed a sigh of relief just now? 
Was it because… 
He looked at Tanya, who was listening to music and playing games in the jeep in front. Was it because of her? 
He didn’t want to make her sad, so he didn’t want anything to happen to her best friend… After all, that woman had always been stubborn and withdrawn since she was a child, so she barely had any friends. 
It wasn’t easy for her to have a best friend whom she could trust with her life. 
The moment the thought formed, Joel leaned back against the backseat again, suddenly losing the desire to get out of the car. 
Indeed, she had always been withdrawn since she was a child. Her world consisted only of herself, so why would she even care about him? Hadn’t she also mercilessly left him back then? 
Joel lowered his gaze and suddenly said, “Let’s go home.” 
The chauffeur was taken aback. “Mr. Smith?” 
Joel closed his eyes. “It suddenly occurred to me, I have a meeting. Come back and pick up the two children after you send me back.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Tanya was in the driver’s seat when the Smiths’ car passed by the jeep. Perhaps because she had been dancing since she was a child, she subconsciously kept her posture straight and upright even when she was slumped into the seat.
As though she had suddenly sensed something, she turned her head, but all she saw was just the rear of the Smiths’ car. 
She didn’t say anything but only lowered her head instead. 
— 
Paul was thrown out of the Quinn School of Martial Arts by Lucas and a few other disciples of the sect in the end. 
As Nora had fed him a pill, he felt sore and weak all over and was unable to exert any strength. 
No one knew what the pill was. All Nora said was that it wouldn’t kill him, but would make sure that he would never be able to use any of the martial arts he had learned from the Quinn School ever again. 
To be honest, this alone was already more than enough to kill him. 
Because of his connections to the Quinn School of Martial Arts, he had acted without restraint and long since offended a great number of people in the underworld forces of New York. Now that he had landed himself in such a predicament, there were a lot of people who would kick him while he was down. 
Moreover, there was also Jordan and his wife, who would never give the Quinlan Sect an easy time. 
In just a month, Jordan and his wife took over the Quinlan Sect and expanded their influence, whereas the Quinlan Sect disappeared into the course of history. As for Paul, the man never appeared ever again in New York. 
Many said that he had died after someone dealt with him. 
However, some also said that he had escaped with all of the Quinlan Sect’s money.
Opinions varied, and no one could really say for sure. However, it was destined that small fry like him would never be able to avenge himself his entire life. After all, he was up against the two biggest families and two martial arts sects in New York. 
Of course, all of this came later. 
Mrs. Hoffman was currently holding Nora’s hand. She said, “As it turns out, you’re the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister. This sure is… No wonder you said that it wasn’t Big Sister’s instructions. We’re starting to owe you more and more favors, Ms. Smith! How can we repay you?” 
Nora yawned. “It wasn’t really a favor this time. After all, he was the one making use of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ influence.” 
Mrs. Hoffman was still very grateful to her, regardless. She said, “Just say the word if you ever need our help in the future, Ms. Smith! You’re the Hoffmans’ most honored guest!” 
Nora waved her hand. Then, she said to Pete, “Go home early after you’re done with practice, okay? I’ll leave first.” 
Pete, “…” 
Everyone else, “…” 
Quinn was so angry that the veins on his forehead were practically bulging. “Nora! Smith! Not only is he your so— I mean, your child, but he’s also your disciple! Can you be a little more responsible?!” 
It was just a shame that Nora had already quickened her footsteps the moment she said she was leaving. Before he could even finish, Nora was already out of sight.
Her voice was the only thing left ringing in the air: “No one is allowed to reveal my identity to outsiders. Those that do will be subjected to the sect’s punishment!” 
All the disciples present thought back to Paul’s tragic state just now and shuddered. 
Quinn: “…” 
— 
In a bright and clean villa with well-rounded security in the suburbs. 
Justin’s car was parked outside the gates. He pushed the door open and entered the villa. 
In the yard, the greenhouse that was at a constant temperature all year round was filled with chrysanthemums. Yellow, white, pink… There were all sorts of colors. There were bush lilies, and even rarely-seen orchid species like A Glimpse of Blood, White Gulls Chasing Waves, and so on… 
Every pot of flower could fetch tens of thousands—or even hundreds of thousands—of dollars and was extremely valuable. 
However, Justin didn’t cast even a glance at the flowers. He cleared the fingerprint verification and went straight into the living room. 
“Justin is here!” said Mrs. Landis, the caregiver, as she handed him a pair of slippers. 
Justin lowered his head and changed into the slippers. 
He was about to head further in when he suddenly spied a familiar figure—Tina York. 
His pupils shrank. His voice was harsh as he demanded, “Why are you here?”
Tina smiled gracefully when she saw him. She replied, “I’m here to spend some time with Mrs. Hunt. Besides, she has a pot of A Glimpse of Blood that’s not doing well and has wilted. I happen to have the formula for a remedy that can help her revitalize the flower.” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. 
He knew very well that she was definitely up to no good, but his mother had always treated those flowers like her very life itself. To think she could actually win over his mother, who had always been a cold and distant person… 
Before Justin could say anything, a beautiful and glamorous middle-aged woman walked over to them. She said, “You can go now, Tina. Come over again tomorrow to take a look at how my flowers are doing. Sigh, the roots have become infested with worms. What a headache.” 
Tina smiled gently and said, “Sure, Mrs. Hunt.” 
However, her countenance instantly turned dark and sinister after she left the villa. 
It was only after Winston’s death that she realized that the love she had found in college was the purest. Pain and grief filled her heart, she wanted to avenge Winston! 
So, Nora wanted to marry into the Hunts, right? 
Heh. Apart from Pete, the person that mattered the most to Justin was his mother. 
Tina took a deep breath, took out her cell phone, and sent a message to Orchidiance: ‘Can you help me save a pot of orchid? I’m willing to pay $500,000!’ 
Orchidiance was a mysterious figure in the field of botany.
It was said that years ago, there was a pot of orchid species named Cinnabar Red Frost that, for some reason, was withering day by day. Its owner could only post about it on the Internet and ask for help. 
A netizen named Orchidiance told the owner that the pot of orchid was sick, and prescribed two doses of herbal medicine. The owner was so desperate that she could only make a Hail Mary effort and use the prescription on the pot of orchid, but in the end, the pot of orchid actually came back to life! 
Orchidiance became famous in the world of orchids as a result. 
As long as Tina managed to please Mrs. Hunt, she would definitely be able to sow discord between her and Justin with regard to his marriage plans!! Besides, there were moral issues with Nora herself, too! She was saddled with a child, yet she wanted to marry into the Hunts? She must be dreaming!! 
— 
At the Andersons’. 
Nora, who had just reached home, tossed her cell phone aside and went to take a shower. When she came back, she noticed that she had received a private message on a website where she had registered an account in the past.. The private message read: ‘Can you help me save a pot of orchid? I’m willing to pay $500,000!’
###Chapter 236: Let’s Just Throw This Pot of Flowers Away
Chapter 236: Let’s Just Throw This Pot of Flowers Away 
Nora raised her brows. 
This identity of hers had actually come very out of the blue. 
Cherry had stumbled upon a botany website when they were living abroad. There, she had pointed at a pot of orchid covered in spots and asked her to treat its illness. That was why she had registered an account there. 
At that time, Cherry was only three years old, so she thought that the spots on the flower were there because it was sick, just like when a person developed spots on their skin. 
When she glanced at the flower, she found that it was indeed sick, and needed some traditional medicine remedies for it to recover. 
Bored and itching to test her skills, she left a message on the forum post. She gave the owner a formula for a traditional medicine remedy and told her to spray the flowers with the remedy once a day, and said that the plant would get better after a week. 
Responding to forum posts required account registration, so she had casually registered with the alias Orchidiance. After all, she was making orchids glow with youth and radiance once more! 
She didn’t pay any more attention to the matter after she sent the message. 
Unexpectedly, the original poster reappeared a week later and said that Orchidiance really was a master at plant cultivation because she had solved the problem! 
Afterward, the group of orchid lovers started to ask her for help. 
She would help them out once in a while if she noticed their requests for help when she was in a good mood. 
And indeed, her remedies were effective every time. Gradually, she became famous in the circle of orchid enthusiasts. 
However, this was the first time someone had so blatantly asked to buy her prescription. 
She opened up the private message on the website and looked at the pot of flowers that the other party had sent. The pot of orchid had become infested with tiny worms. However, this particular orchid species was very delicate, and even just a bit of careless touching could result in damage. Thus, insecticide was definitely a no-go as it would cause the flower to die together with the worms. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
That pot of flower probably wasn’t even worth $500,000. Besides, it wasn’t as if its cosmetic condition was particularly rare and hard to find. Yet that person was offering her $500,000 to buy the treatment prescription for it? They must be out of their mind because they might as well just buy a new pot of flowers instead. 
She closed the private message, went to bed, and lay down to rest instead. 
— 
In the villa in the suburbs. 
Justin looked at the beautiful middle-aged woman in front of him, only to see her smile immediately disappear after Tina left. She looked at him coldly. “Did she offend you?” 
Justin didn’t say anything but only made a calm sound of acknowledgment.
The glamorous woman immediately said, “Hmph, I knew it. Otherwise, why would you come to my place for no rhyme or reason? After all, I’m an abandoned lady of the wealthy. Who would even think of me?” 
Justin cast his eyes down. “Don’t say that.” 
The glamorous woman had a very weird temperament. She replied, “It remains a fact, no matter whether I say it or not.” 
She looked at the flora and fauna at the side after she spoke. In stark contrast to her icy-cold attitude toward Justin, she treated the plants with tenderness and great care. She said, “You can go if there’s nothing important. I’m already so old and I don’t have much money, either. What can she possibly gain from me? I just like caring for these flowers, that’s all. Are you saying that I can’t even associate with an outsider because of you?” 
Justin looked at her from the back and let out a soft sigh. “That’s not what I meant.” 
However, the beautiful woman ignored him and started to hum a melody instead. 
She was wearing a long-sleeved dress. Looking at her from the back as she busied herself in the greenhouse, there was some retro charm to her. Justin watched her for a very long time before he finally sighed and said, “I came because I wanted to tell you that Ch… I mean, Pete has started doing game live-streams. You can have a look if you’re free.” 
The glamorous woman curled her lip disdainfully. “Why would I want to look at him? I hate children the most!” 
“…” 
Justin fell silent for a moment. Seeing that she wasn’t intending to turn back at all, he said, “Then I’m leaving. If you need anything, you can let me… let Sean know.” 
The woman had never taken the initiative to approach him before. Busying herself in the greenhouse, she ignored him, acting as if she didn’t hear him at all. 
Justin could only get up and leave the greenhouse. 
It was only after he left that the beautiful woman slowly stood up straight at last. She took a deep breath and put down the pot of orchid in her hands. 
Mrs. Landis came over and helped her. “Ma’am, why are you even doing this?” 
The woman didn’t say anything. 
Mrs. Landis, however, picked up her cell phone and said, “Did Mr. Hunt say that the little mister has started live-streaming? Oh my, I’m going to have to check it out! Mr. Hunt even told me which live- streaming platform he’s on. Huh? He only starts his live-stream at five or six in the evening. I’ll watch the old streams first.” 
The glamorous woman continued to ignore her. Instead, she got up and went into the room. 
Mrs. Landis also went into the room with her cell phone. Cherry’s voice rang out as the videos played: “Do you have something against the wild monsters? Have you decided to take up permanent residence in the wild?” 
The beautiful woman got angry. “Your phone is so noisy, Mrs. Landis!” 
However, Mrs. Landis acted as if she didn’t hear anything. She suddenly stood up and said, “Oh my, look at me and my memory! I’m making stew in the kitchen. I’ll go and make some small bruschetta for you, Ma’am. They will definitely taste great with the stew later!”
She tossed the phone on the coffee table and went to the kitchen. 
The sound of vegetables being chopped came from the kitchen. Only then did the beautiful woman open her eyes and peek at the phone. 
She turned and looked at the kitchen, upon which Mrs. Landis said, “I’ll need some time to prepare the dishes, Ma’am, so let’s have dinner a little later!” 
The beautiful woman’s eyes lit up, though she said disdainfully, “I’m going to starve to death if it’s too late! Why am I so unlucky? Even my caregiver can’t make me dinner on time every day! To think she’s even planning to patronize me with just some bread and soup!” 
Mrs. Landis couldn’t help but laugh. “What am I to do when we’re the only ones here? Would you be able to finish it if I cook a feast? Well, neither can I! That would be a waste of food!” 
Thud! Thud! Thud! 
The sound of vegetables being diced continued. The glamorous woman shifted over to where Mrs. Landis’ phone was, craned her neck, and looked over. 
There actually wasn’t a profile photo on the live-stream page! Here, have a negative review! 
But… When had Pete actually become this witty and sharp-tongued? 
Even his voice as he dissed people sounded so pleasant to the ears! 
Before she knew it, Mrs. Landis suddenly came out of the kitchen with a bowl of stew. The glamorous woman got such a huge shock that she immediately retracted her head and pretended to look like she was looking for something. She asked, “Where did I put my ring, Mrs. Landis? Huh? You’re done with the stew so soon?”
“… It’s been an hour, Ma’am,” replied Mrs. Landis. 
The glamorous woman froze. 
How did time suddenly pass so quickly while she was listening to Pete dissing others? 
— 
Early next morning, after the glamorous woman got out of bed and had breakfast, she suddenly stood up and instructed Mrs. Landis, “Take that pot of A Glimpse of Blood with you, Mrs. Landis. Let’s go out and have a stroll.” 
Mrs. Landis nodded. “Okay!” 
The two left the house and walked about in the quiet residential area. The place was next to mountains and lakes, and the temperature and humidity levels there were just right. It was a very suitable place for one to stay at in their old age. 
The two of them walked to a pond in the garden. The glamorous woman suddenly said, “Toss that pot of A Glimpse of Blood into the water.” 
Mrs. Landis was taken aback. However, the next moment, she exclaimed in shock, “But Ma’am! This is your favorite pot of flowers!” 
The glamorous woman stared ahead of her. “Throw it away.” 
Mrs. Landis bit her lip. “Ma’am, I know you’re soft-hearted despite the things you say, so you don’t want to associate with Ms. York anymore, for fear that she would bring trouble to Mr. Justin. But we can still try and think of other solutions.. There’s no need to give up!”
###Chapter 237: What’s That?
Chapter 237: What’s That? 
The glamorous woman sighed. “The sight of the flower makes me want to do my absolute best to save it. How am I supposed to refuse entry to Ms. York and leave the flower to die when she comes again? I might as well just throw the pot of flowers away, then. Out of sight, out of mind!” 
Mrs. Landis’ heart ached as she looked at her. Even her eyes had reddened. 
The glamorous woman’s name was Iris Hunt, and she was originally the eldest daughter-in-law of direct lineage in the Hunts, the most influential family in New York. By right, she should have been the most dazzling and enviable person. 
But unexpectedly, after the marriage… 
For Justin’s sake, she was adamant about not having excessive contact with him. She had been living here ever since she moved out of the Hunts’ residence, and had put all of her sentiments for Justin and Pete into the flowers and plants here. 
The pot of A Glimpse of Blood was the first pot of orchid that she had taken care of back then. 
Perhaps even Justin himself didn’t remember it anymore, but it was one of the first few potted flowers and plants that he had given her. 
Iris had treated it very delicately all this time and even personally taken care of it. Therefore, the potted orchid wasn’t just Iris’ treasure, but it also contained all of her sentiments for her son and grandson. 
But perhaps the potted orchid had gotten old and reached the end of its lifespan, it started to wilt this year and even became infested with worms at the roots. 
Iris had tried many ways, but she simply couldn’t cure it. To make matters worse, this pot of orchid was very hard to take care of. Just as she was feeling troubled over it, Tina had visited, claiming that she was there to give Iris a routine health checkup. 
Doctors went to the Hunts regularly to conduct physical examinations for them every month. 
The attending physician had suddenly changed to Tina this month. No one suspected anything initially, but when Tina saw the flowers, she suddenly started talking about orchids. This made Iris sit up in attention. After it caught her interest, the two of them started chatting. 
Mrs. Landis had never heard Iris talk that much all these years. 
Many of Tina’s opinions with regard to orchid care gained Iris’ approval, making her nod frequently. Mrs. Landis had thought that Iris had finally found someone whom she could talk to. 
But who would have thought that Justin would come over? 
The sight of Justin had immediately made Tina timid and fainthearted. When she thought of the sudden change of doctors this month, Mrs. Landis understood everything right away. 
Given how clever Iris was, how could she possibly not understand when even Mrs. Landis had figured it out? 
That was how it had led to the conversation the day before. 
To be honest, it didn’t actually really matter even if they allowed Tina to stay. What could she possibly make use of Iris for? Besides, she could also keep her company and chat with her. 
However, despite saying all those selfish things, Iris had thrown the pot of flowers away the very next moment. 
Her love as a mother made Mrs. Landis feel like crying.
“Tsk, it’s just a worldly possession. What’s the big deal?” 
Seeing that Mrs. Landis’ eyes were all red, Iris pretended to be alright and waved at her. She got up and said, “Throw it away. I’ll go to the front and look around the place there.” 
She was clearly reluctant to part with the flowers, yet she still said that. 
It was exactly this behavior of hers that made Mrs. Landis’ heart break. 
Mrs. Landis lowered her head. Suddenly, she hid the potted orchid behind some tall rocks. 
Iris might have made a temporary misjudgment, but she mustn’t make the wrong decision too. She would find an opportunity to tell Justin about it instead. Given how influential he was, wasn’t curing a pot of orchid something as easy as pie for him? 
Iris didn’t want to tell Justin about it, lest it displeased that woman and caused trouble for Justin as a result. 
But the pot of orchid mustn’t be thrown away! 
Mrs. Landis made up her mind. She wiped the corners of her eyes and went after Iris. 
When the two got home, Iris immediately said listlessly, “I’m going upstairs to rest. Don’t disturb me if there’s nothing important.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Mrs. Landis knew that Iris ultimately still couldn’t bear to part with the potted orchid, so she had become sad. 
Mrs. Landis sighed. The doorbell rang at this point. 
Mrs. Landis walked over to the door and opened it. Tina was standing outside. She said with a big smile, “Hello, Mrs. Landis. Mrs. Hunt must be waiting for me, right? I racked my brains after I went home last night and thought of something that we can try! To be honest, orchids are just like human beings. We—” 
Before she could finish, though, Mrs. Landis interrupted her. “I’m sorry, Ms. York, but Ma’am is tired today, so she’s resting at the moment. She won’t be seeing any guests today. As for the pot of flowers you mentioned… Sigh, it unfortunately withered this morning, it’s already dead.” 
Tina’s pupils shrank. “What? That… That’s impossible…” 
Mrs. Landis sighed and said, “Yes, Ma’am is very sad because of it. I think you’d better come back another day instead.” 
Tina asked, “How about I go in and comfort Mrs. Hunt a little?” 
“No, it’s alright. She needs rest.” 
Mrs. Landis didn’t give Tina another chance to speak. She closed the door right after saying that. 
Outside, Tina clenched her fists in anger as she stared at the door. 
She had already asked around—Mrs. Hunt loved orchids the most, and was someone that regarded her flowers as her very life itself! 
So, why was she adopting such an attitude instead? What a letdown! 
But… 
If Mrs. Hunt refused to meet her today, then she would just come again the next day.
With that in mind, Tina turned and left. 
Upstairs. 
On the balcony, Iris watched Tina leave with an awful look on her countenance. She said, “Did you see that? That woman is not as harmless as she looks.” 
Mrs. Landis scoffed, “That bit of skill is nothing in front of a sly old fox like you. To be honest, though, it doesn’t really matter even if you let her spend some time with you and chat with you, Ma’am.” 
Iris stretched. “Forget it. I only had a good time chatting with her yesterday because some of her opinions are the same as Orchidiance’s. You can say I’m half a fan of Orchidiance. That’s why I enjoyed the chat.” 
“Orchidiance? The master orchid breeder?” 
“Yes.” Iris sighed. “If only I could talk to her about taking care of orchids.” 
Mrs. Landis said, “If we can ask her for advice, maybe there’ll be hope for that pot of orchid!” 
Iris was a little taken aback to hear that. 
She had already become accustomed to dealing with everything herself and had never thought of asking others for help. Even Tina’s offer to help was something that the woman had delivered to her doorstep on her own. 
She suddenly regretted her actions a little. “Why didn’t you tell me that earlier? If we hadn’t thrown that pot of flowers out, I could’ve asked Orchidiance for advice on the Internet!” 
Mrs. Landis laughed. “I knew you would regret it! I didn’t throw it away! I’ll bring it back for you right away!”
“Go, go!” 
— 
“Look over there, Nora! There’s a stream there! And even a rockery!” 
Tanya tugged the sleepy Nora’s arm excitedly. Nora yawned and said, “Oh, the place is passable, I guess.” 
She yawned again after she spoke. 
She had rarely woken up this early in her entire life! 
Tanya, however, didn’t seem to have any idea what sleepiness was. She broke into a smile and said, “Right? I intend to buy a villa here! You and Cherry can also move in in the future!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Hm? You’re moving out of the Andersons’?” 
Tanya smiled and replied, “You’re part of the Andersons, but I’m not. It doesn’t make sense for me to keep on staying at the Andersons’. Besides, I’m not planning to leave anymore. If I stay, I’ll have to find someplace to live and settle down eventually.” 
Nora was surprised. “You aren’t leaving anymore?” 
“Yeah, I’m not leaving anymore.” Tanya walked ahead of her and said, “I’ll look for my child in the States! I have a feeling I will find the child someday!” 
At the mention of searching for her child, Nora dropped her perfunctory act for once and said with certainty, “You’ll definitely find the child.”
She and Tanya had met when they were searching for their children abroad. 
Therefore, she and Tanya understood each other especially well. 
In the midst of her thoughts, Tanya suddenly pointed at a pot of orchid behind the tall rocks in front. She said, “Hey, look at that.. What’s that?”
###Chapter 238: Joel’s Thoughtfulness
Chapter 238: Joel’s Thoughtfulness 
Nora looked over and saw that a pot of worm-infested orchid had been discarded in the corner. The orchid was in a pot, so it was obvious that someone had abandoned it. 
That pot of flowers… 
Nora frowned. It was the same pot of orchid that the person had sent her a private message about, asking her for help with it! 
The two went over. Tanya bent over, picked up the pot of orchid, and examined it carefully. “This pot of flowers looks quite pretty.” 
Of course, it was pretty. 
It was obvious at a glance that the pot of flower had been meticulously taken care of for many years as someone’s priceless treasure. 
It was just a shame that it had become infested with worms. 
But wasn’t its owner a little too heartless? They had discarded the flowers just because she hadn’t replied to them? 
However, Nora understood the next moment. 
The worms on the flowers were contagious. Should they remain in the greenhouse with other flowers, they would probably spoil the other flowers too. 
What a shame.
Tanya held the pot and said, “It just so happens that I don’t have any flowers in my new home. Let’s use this as decoration. How do we get rid of the worms on it?” 
Tanya had already bought the villa. They were here to take a look around today. 
Nora thought for a moment. Since Tanya liked the flowers, then this meant that they were fated to be. Thus, she said, “Let me do it.” 
Tanya nodded. 
The two of them continued to walk ahead. After strolling around half of the residential complex, even though Tanya’s long and slender legs were still moving, she was already complaining, “The residential complex is too big. I shouldn’t have suggested bringing you around and should’ve driven instead.” 
Nora ignored her. 
The two walked and walked until Tanya worked up a sweat. Only then did they arrive at the door of Villa No. 10. Tanya unlocked the door with her fingerprint and said, “The people that used to live in the villa were mostly artists. When I bought the house, the former landlord warned me not to mess with the residents of Villa No. 9.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Why?” 
Tanya explained, “He said that she was a middle-aged woman with an especially strange temperament. Also, she likely comes from quite the background, because she has a lot of hidden bodyguards protecting her in the surroundings!” 
Nora, “…” 
The villas were in the suburbs. Although it looked pretty good, it actually wasn’t that expensive due to its location.
While the environment was passable as a retirement home, the medical conditions weren’t. 
As an ordinary residence, it was too far from the city. Tanya had only chosen this place because this was all she could afford with her years of savings. So, just which influential person was it who would choose to live here? 
She shook her head and didn’t pay any more attention to the matter. Instead, she followed Tanya into the room. 
However, Nora raised her eyebrows a little after she did. 
The villa was decorated exquisitely in a country style, Tanya’s favorite. But as far as Nora knew, such decor cost at least $300,000 to $500,000! 
Together with the villa itself… 
How did Tanya buy it at a million dollars? 
She had checked the prices of the villas nearby—they all cost about 1.2 million dollars each. Tanya said that because the landlord was in a hurry to sell the house, he had set a low asking price. She only had about a million dollars, so it was just right for her. 
Added to this the interior decor and furnishings, there was no way anyone could buy the house for less than two million dollars! 
Moreover, it wasn’t hard to sell the houses in the area. After all, they were high-end properties, and the villas were indeed pretty good. She couldn’t help but think that there was definitely something going on here. 
Tanya, who was unaware of the ongoings involved, was walking around excitedly. There were three floors in the villa. The first floor consisted of a living room and a room for domestic helpers.
The second floor consisted of three bedrooms, while the third floor could be used as a study or storage room. 
Tanya went upstairs excitedly. She said to Nora, “Do you know what I like the most about this place? This! Take a look, Nora!” 
Nora looked over to see that the two rooms on the third floor had been merged into a practice room. Mirrors covered the walls on all four sides, which made it very suitable for… 
“This is my dance practice room!” 
Tanya slipped into the practice room on her toes. She looked around with a smile and said, “The previous owner’s girlfriend was a dancer, so he specially bought this house. And here too…” 
She went out, pointed to the third room, and said, “This is the bathroom and dressing room. After dancing, I can just go in to shower and wash off all the stinky sweat. There’s also a huge jacuzzi inside! Haha, the property agent said that the previous owner originally planned to use it as a shared bathtub for him and his girlfriend, so they left it unused in the end after the renovation. Well, I’m the one who gets to use it now!” 
Nora, “…” 
Tanya’s favorite dance practice room, Tanya’s favorite country-style interior decor, and a two-person bathtub… All of this made her absolutely convinced that something was up with the house. 
There weren’t that many coincidences in this world.
However, upon seeing how excited Tanya was, she didn’t want to be a wet blanket, either. Thus, she merely raised her brows, took out her cell phone, and hacked into the property agency’s system. She found the previous owner in the house’s transactional details. The man had a very ordinary name—Gary Long. 
Nora, “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little, and she couldn’t help feeling that she must have been thinking too much. When she was about to exit the page, something suddenly occurred to her and she scrolled up. Sure enough, she found a familiar name—Joel Smith. 
Nora, “?” 
Joel had transferred the ownership rights to Gary. Then, in under half a month, Gary sold it to Tanya. As expected, how could there possibly be this many coincidences in the world? 
She lifted her head again and looked at Tanya—only to see that she was already spinning around excitedly in the dance practice room. 
Nora hesitated for a moment. After a short internal struggle, she decided not to do anything about it in the end. If she were to tell Tanya about it, given how stubbornly competitive she was, she would definitely return the house. 
Returning the house was equivalent to a breach of contract, which would require her to pay a great amount as damages. On top of that, there were also various fees involved. 
Most importantly, through the house, as well as how meticulously and thoughtfully Joel had handled the matter, Nora could tell with her keen senses that there might still exist possibilities between the two of them.
Therefore, she’d better just not say anything unnecessary! 
In the midst of her thoughts, Tanya walked out of the dance practice room and said, “Never mind, I’m not dancing anymore. It’s not like you’re doing it with me anyway, so it’s really boring. Nora, didn’t you say just now that you can cure that pot of flowers? Hurry up and do it! I’ll take it as a housewarming gift from you!” 
Nora, “…” 
That pot of flowers was worth $300,000. One had to hand it to her for being able to bring herself to ask for a housewarming gift worth $300,000. 
She said, “I’ll need 100 grams of rice vinegar, 100 grams of baking soda, wormwood…” 
She went downstairs after listing a few items. After looking around the house, she actually found them all in the kitchen. 
Tanya laughed and said, “The previous owner said that his girlfriend was supposed to return from abroad half a month ago. They were planning to get married, so he bought a lot of everyday necessities for the house. But in the end, the girlfriend didn’t come back, and the two of them broke up, so these everyday necessities all come to me now! Let me see, there are two cartons of milk in the fridge. They are about to expire, so let’s have one each later.” 
Nora, “…” 
Wasn’t Joel Smith a little too virtuous? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little. Then, she started to get busy.
Outside, Mrs. Landis walked past their villa. She ran over to the rocks but didn’t see the pot of orchid. She was terribly alarmed and frightened, but there weren’t any surveillance cameras there, so she didn’t know who had taken it away, either. 
Iris was surely going to be really heartbroken now. 
While she was thinking about it, she suddenly smelled something pungent and piercing. She turned and saw two girls coming out of Villa No. 10 with a pot of flowers in their hands..
###Chapter 239: Mother-In-Law And Daughter-In-Law Meet!
Chapter 239: Mother-In-Law And Daughter-In-Law Meet! 
“Damn, it smells so pungent!” 
Tanya spoke brashly and without reservations. “My favorite perfume scent has been totally overwhelmed!” 
Nora glanced at her. “That’s why I said we should do it outdoors. You’re the one who insisted on doing it indoors…” 
“That was because I thought we could sit in the room, wasn’t it? Come on, let’s move to the yard. Where should we put it?” 
Nora looked around and found a small marble table in the yard. She walked over, put the orchid down, and started to spray the potion, that she had concocted, on it again. 
While she was carefully spraying the potion all around the flower, she suddenly heard an angry shout. “Stop!” 
Nora was taken aback. Both she and Tanya looked at the door to see Mrs. Landis with her hands on her hips. As though an old mother hen guarding her chick, she rushed over and stood in front of them. “What are you trying to do to the pot of flowers?” 
Nora, “?” 
Tanya, “?” 
The two looked at Mrs. Landis. They hadn’t shut the gates when they came in just now, so the woman had come in just like that. Who was she, though? 
They were wondering about it when Mrs. Landis said, “That pot of flowers belongs to me!” 
Realization dawned upon Tanya. “Oh, I see. I found the pot of flowers in the garden and thought that the person who discarded it didn’t want it anymore, so I brought it back!” 
At the sight of how lifeless the pot of flowers was, Mrs. Landis panicked at once. “Why wouldn’t we want it? Do you know what this is or not? Also, how can you bring this pot of orchid back with you so carelessly when it’s so expensive?” 
Tanya replied sheepishly, “How expensive can it be? I thought it was a bonsai tree!” 
Mrs. Landis, “…” 
She stepped forward. She was about to take the flowerpot when Nora suddenly stopped her. She said, “You claim that this pot of flowers belongs to you, but do you have any proof?” 
This particular pot of flowers was worth a lot of money, so she was guarding against strangers who might be trying to scam them out of it. Besides, going by how old Mrs. Landis looked, she didn’t seem like someone that would go online to approach her for help on treating the plant. 
After all, the elderly didn’t go online very much. Additionally, only a minority of people would visit that forum. 
Mrs. Landis was taken aback. “Do I have to prove it?” 
“Of course.” 
Nora said unhurriedly, “Otherwise, how would I know whether or not you’re really the owner of this pot of flowers?”
Mrs. Landis, “…” 
That was true. She could understand why she would have such concerns. 
But how was she going to prove it? 
Nora said, “This pot of flowers’ buds are not quite the same color as other flowers. You just need to tell me what color they are.” 
Mrs. Landis, “!!” 
Now, that put her in a spot. She hurriedly said, “Wait a minute. I’ll go and ask Ma’am.” 
“Okay.” 
Mrs. Landis walked toward the exit, but after taking a couple of steps, she turned back and added, “Don’t spray anything on it anymore, though. These flowers are very delicate. Got it?” 
Nora nodded again. 
After Mrs. Landis left and went out of sight, she picked up the spray bottle again and continued to spray the potion she had just concocted onto the flowers. 
“… Didn’t she say that this pot of flowers is very expensive?” asked Tanya. 
Nora nodded. “Uh-huh. That’s why I have to help them save it. Otherwise, they’ll throw it away again.” 
Tanya, “…” 
A short while later, they heard hasty footsteps at the gates. Mrs. Landis’s voice rang out the next moment. “This is the house, Ma’am! Watch your step!” 
A beautiful and dazzling figure slowly walked in along with those words.
The sight of her took Nora and Tanya, both big beauties, by surprise. They felt as if they had suddenly been dazzled. 
The woman walking in had an oval-shaped face, fair skin, and large eyes. She wore a long-sleeved dress that wrapped around her graceful curves, one couldn’t tell any signs of age on her face at all. She wore her hair in big, loose curls draped gracefully behind her shoulders. She looked just like an elf that had stepped out of a European painting and accidentally entered the human world. 
Tanya couldn’t resist poking Nora and remarking, “She’s so beautiful!” 
Nora nodded. 
The two wanted to continue, but Mrs. Landis had spotted the spray bottle in Nora’s hand. She then looked at the pot of flowers and found that all the flowers had been sprayed with some kind of dark mixture. She panicked at once and said, “Didn’t I already tell you not to spray anything on it anymore? Why did you continue to spray the mixture on it?! You… What you’re doing is going to kill our flowers! Or is it because you don’t want to return it to us? Do you have any idea who the leader of our family is?” 
Tanya hurriedly waved and said, “No, we’re definitely giving it back. I didn’t know it was so expensive when I picked it up.” 
Iris frowned, but she said, “Stop that, Mrs. Landis.” 
Mrs. Landis, however, wasn’t convinced. “Ma’am, they are obviously the ones who mistreated your flowers…” 
Iris shook her head. “It no longer belonged to us the moment you discarded it and someone else picked it up. We should already count ourselves lucky that they are willing to return it!”
Mrs. Landis was awfully indignant. 
Tanya breathed a sigh of relief. “We didn’t mean it, Madam. We were treating the flowers’ illness.” 
Iris let out a sigh. “The treatment method is too extreme.” 
The smell of vinegar was simply too strong. How could orchids possibly withstand it? 
Tanya wasn’t versed in medical theory, so she didn’t say anything. Nora, on the other hand, said, “I reckon the worms will be gone with another couple of sprays.” 
Mrs. Landis reprimanded her. “You’re pretty confident, aren’t you! Ma’am has already been trying to treat that pot of flowers for half a month, but the flowers have never looked so lifeless before. Just look at it— the petals are already drooping! It looks completely listless. You shouldn’t have messed around with it if you aren’t professionals!” 
“Mrs. Landis!” 
Iris reprimanded her again. “Never mind, let’s just bring the flowers back.” 
Mrs. Landis went forward indignantly and picked up the pot of flowers. As she did, she nagged, “Just how much effort have you put into this pot of flowers? You couldn’t even bear to watch when we threw it away, nor did I dare to really throw it away. Who knew that it would end up being destroyed in their hands instead? Seriously!” 
Iris shook her head and told her not to say any more. 
The two then left with the flowers. When they reached the gates, Mrs. Landis could still be heard saying, “If the flowers die tomorrow, I’m going to come and look for them!” 
“Never mind. As they say, what is yours will be yours, and what isn’t will never be.”
The middle-aged woman’s voice sounded very pleasant, and the way she spoke sounded as if she was reciting a poem. It was just that her demeanor was cold and indifferent, making her look like someone who wasn’t a part of the mundane world. 
It was only when the two left that Tanya finally swallowed hard and said, “No wonder people say that beauty isn’t just skin-deep. That lady’s physique is too beautiful! I wonder how old she is, though. Since she’s being addressed as ‘Ma’am’, then she must be at least thirty, right? But she doesn’t really look like it, either…” 
Nora couldn’t tell how old the woman was, either, mainly because she was a perfect combination of innocence and femininity, which made people overlook her age. 
Tanya said, “I’m going to ask around and see which family she’s from…” 
— 
After they brought the pot of flowers back home, Mrs. Landis took a piece of wet tissue, and carefully and gently wiped off the residual medicinal potion on the leaves and petals. 
It was just a shame that even though the potion was too pungent, the flowers were so delicate that she couldn’t wash them. Thus, even though she had already wiped the potion off, it still smelled of vinegar. 
Mrs. Landis sighed. 
Iris even put down the tissue, got up, and went upstairs. “Forget it,” she said. 
She couldn’t sleep well that night because the pot of flowers kept haunting her in her sleep. As a result, she felt like she had only just fallen asleep when she heard Mrs. Landis’ shout of surprise. 
“Ma’am! Q-quick! Get up and look at the flowers!!”
Iris sat up abruptly. 
What had happened to the flowers? 
Could they have… withered? And died?
###Chapter 240: Help!
Chapter 240: Help! 
She had only discarded the flowers away the day before in a moment of impulse. Later, when Mrs. Landis told her that she hadn’t really thrown it away, Iris had been overjoyed. 
It was the things that one recovered after losing that they cared about the most. 
She grabbed the pajamas next to her, put them on, and walked out of the room barefooted, making a beeline for the greenhouse. 
Mrs. Landis was standing next to the pot of flowers. At the sight of her, she panicked at once. “Oh dear, look at you, ma’am…” 
She took a pair of slippers and gave them to Iris, who rushed over to the pot of flowers eagerly. 
The pungent smell was still there, but the worms on the plant were gone. 
Although the flowers still looked lifeless, they weren’t dead. 
Mrs. Landis pointed to it. “The worms are really gone. Has the pot of flowers recovered?” 
Iris shook her head. She stared at the pot of flowers with a frown and said, “No, not exactly. The worms have indeed been driven away, but the flowers have also been contaminated by the mixture, so they may also wither.” 
This was the reason why she had refrained from using pesticides even after such a long time. 
All pesticides had harmful effects on the flowers. Orchids were simply too delicate!
That was why she had been so hesitant and hadn’t dared to use it all this time. But in the end, a young missy living next door had used it on the flowers instead, sigh! 
Mrs. Landis turned the pot of flowers around and examined it. She said, “Ma’am, the flowers look like they are in better condition than before to me, though? Think about it—it also looked terribly lifeless when it was still infested with worms, but it seems alright today? This pot of flowers isn’t as delicate as we imagined after all!” 
Iris frowned. 
Mrs. Landis marveled at the sight. “That young missy’s remedy from yesterday surprisingly saved the flowers! Haha, maybe the pot of flowers would have already recovered by now if you had used pesticides on it five days ago! You were just too scared and too distressed about it. That’s why you didn’t dare to do it!” 
Iris hesitated for a moment. “Really? But I remember that it was exactly because I used pesticides that a pot of flowers I once had, had died. The flowers became rotten, and even the roots were damaged and couldn’t grow anymore.” 
Mrs. Landis was in a very good mood. She said, “But that was a different species of flowers. Maybe that pot of flowers just didn’t have enough vitality and life force. This pot of flowers here is chock full of vitality, though!” 
Iris also nodded. “Yes, let’s watch over it today!” 
“Okay!” 
The pot of flowers remained half-dead the whole day. Iris watered it regularly and let it bask in the sun. This continued until the third day when the pot of flowers actually survived!
“Ma’am, this pot of orchid is no way near as delicate as you say it is! Look at how hardy it is! It’s still doing fine even though that young missy was spraying vinegar on it that day!” 
Mrs. Landis walked around happily in the greenhouse with a spray bottle filled with water. She said, “Actually, maybe these flowers are just like people. It’s easier to keep them alive by letting them grow in the wild instead of cultivating them so carefully!” 
Iris felt that her words had some truth to them. 
She went one round in the greenhouse but suddenly stopped in front of a pot of dark purple chrysanthemums. She pushed the soil aside and inspected it carefully, upon which she was shocked. “Mrs. Landis! This pot of flowers has been infected!” 
Mrs. Landis walked over at once when she heard her. Sure enough, she spotted a few small black worms crawling around on the chrysanthemum buds. However, it seemed like it had only just been infected, so they weren’t many. 
However, the worms must have already laid eggs on the flowers, so it was impossible to remove them all without the use of pesticides. 
Iris frowned. 
Mrs. Landis suggested, “Why don’t we also give it a go, Ma’am?” 
Iris wondered out loud. “But I clearly remember that the flowers I used pesticides on in the past had died!” 
Mrs. Landis pointed at the pot of A Glimpse of Blood and said, “I remember you said that this pot of flowers is an exceptionally delicate type. Since even it can recover, this pot of chrysanthemums will
definitely recover, too!” 
Iris looked at the pot of A Glimpse of Blood that had returned to standing straight and glowing with vigor. At last, she sighed and said, “Alright.” 
She took out the pesticide she had bought, diluted it, and sprayed it gently on the chrysanthemum buds. The little worms fled all about as if they had just met with their natural enemy. 
Unfortunately, they fell onto the leaves after inching away just a couple of steps, unable to move anymore. 
Mrs. Landis exclaimed in approval, “Isn’t the insecticide much better than the vinegar she used? And there isn’t much of a smell, either. Vinegar simply smells too strong! And it’s sour, too. Take a look at this instead—the pesticide has already killed off the worms so soundlessly…” 
Iris was rather worried, though. “Surely nothing will go wrong, right?” 
She felt rather uneasy. 
Mrs. Landis laughed and said, “Even the young missy next door can cure a pot of flowers so easily, let alone you, Ma’am. Have a little confidence in yourself!” 
“… Alright, then.” 
She looked at the dark purple chrysanthemums. When she saw how they didn’t seem like they were affected, she breathed a sigh of relief. She placed the infected pot of chrysanthemums outside and kept it away from the other flowers. It should be fine after doing that. 
With that in mind, Iris went back into the house. 
However, when Iris woke up the next day and went to check on the pot of chrysanthemums, she was stunned!
The pot of chrysanthemums had actually wilted! 
Additionally, the flower that she had specifically sprayed with pesticide the day before was already half- rotten! Not only was it drooping, but its petals had also fallen off, and it looked half-dead. 
Iris, “!!” 
Mrs. Landis was also stunned at the sight. “H-how can this be?” 
Iris panicked. “What should I do?” 
Mrs. Landis was perplexed. “This shouldn’t be, though. Ma’am, that young missy easily saved your pot of A Glimpse of Blood just by messing around a little. Why did this pot of flowers turn out like this instead?” 
As soon as she said that, Iris’s head whipped up abruptly. “Perhaps… that young missy wasn’t just messing around?” 
Mrs. Landis was taken aback. “What do you mean by that, Ma’am?” 
Iris stood up straight. Her big beautiful eyes were full of shock and astoundment. She replied, “It means that young missy is actually a master orchid breeder! Come on, Mrs. Landis! Let’s go next door and ask for advice!” 
Mrs. Landis nodded. 
The two went next door, but even after knocking on the door for a long time, no one opened the door. 
Mrs. Landis panicked. “Why isn’t she opening the door? Surely she lives here, right?” 
Iris took a deep breath. “Call the property management office and ask for her number.” 
“Okay.”
— 
Meanwhile, Tanya was on a stroll with Nora and Pete outside. 
Tanya was very smug as she looked at the scenery in the villa complex. “Isn’t the place big, Pete?” 
Pete replied, “… It’s okay, I guess. It’s about the same size as my garden.” 
“… Do you also have a stream in your garden?” asked Tanya. 
Pete nodded. “Yeah. There’s also a pond that draws water from the hot springs, so it’s possible to grow lotus flowers in there even in winter!” 
Tanya, “!!” 
Pete let out a sigh. “Even though I’m already five and I jog in the manor every day, I still haven’t gone a full round around the manor.” 
Tanya was rendered speechless with envy. “Stop. Don’t humblebrag anymore.” 
She waved and said, “Let’s go. We’ll drive straight to the villa. God-mom has her own home now, Pete! I’ll be living here in the future!” 
Pete nodded. “Okay.” 
The group arrived at Tanya’s villa. As soon as the car stopped, Mrs.. Landis ran over, grabbed Nora’s hand, and said, “Miss, help!”
###Chapter 241: Smith?
Chapter 241: Smith? 
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios 
Help? 
Tanya panicked. She urged, “Quick, Nora, go and have a look!” 
Might something have happened to that beautiful middle-aged lady? 
Nora had heard what Mrs. Landis said as soon as she got out of the car, so she was also a little taken aback. For some reason, she quite liked that lady, so she nodded and said, “Lead the way.” 
Pete, who was hiding in the car, looked at Mrs. Landis in confusion. Wasn’t she Mrs. Landis, his grandmother’s caregiver? 
He got out of the car as well. He was about to walk over when something suddenly occurred to him—if his grandmother saw him, then wouldn’t everything be exposed?! 
He wasn’t worried about his grandmother’s health, though, because she underwent a health checkup every year! 
Moreover, the tyrant had assigned his grandmother bodyguards, who were all around the place. If something had really happened, there was no way the bodyguards would be this quiet. 
Therefore, while Mrs. Landis was preoccupied and hadn’t noticed him yet, he grabbed Tanya’s hand and said, “Open the door first, God-mom. That kind of environment isn’t suitable for kids. I’ll wait for you and Mommy here.” 
Tanya, “…” 
To think she didn’t even think as far ahead as a child. Nevertheless, she quickly came back to her senses, hurriedly opened the door, and let Pete in. Only then did she go after Nora. 
Two minutes later. 
Inside the greenhouse, Tanya stared at the beautiful lady in front of her and the pot of flowers in her hand. She was stunned. “When you asked for help, you were talking about the pot of flowers?” 
The beautiful woman nodded. “Yes, of course. What else could I have been talking about?” 
Both Tanya and Nora fell silent. 
When the two of them heard Mrs. Landis’ call for help, all they could think of was that something had happened to her. 
Now that they thought about it again, wasn’t it obvious? It wasn’t like Mrs. Landis knew Nora was a doctor after all!
The corners of Tanya’s lips spasmed a little. “Then you should have been clearer about it. We ended up running all the way here.” 
Mrs. Landis was terribly nervous. “These flowers are Ma’am’s life itself. I wasn’t exaggerating when I asked for help!” 
“…” 
Tanya didn’t say any more. As for Nora, she looked at the pot of flowers in Iris’s hand. It was likely infested with worms, but because they had used pesticides on it, the worms were gone. However, the flowers had also become damaged as a result. 
She frowned. “The pesticide has already penetrated deep into the flower. This flower can’t be saved anymore.” 
Mrs. Landis burst into tears. “It’s all my fault, ma’am. It’s all my fault! I saw that the young missy managed to save the flowers by spraying them with vinegar, so I thought that pesticide would also be okay. Sob… The vinegar clearly smelled even stronger and more pungent than the pesticide…” 
Tanya couldn’t stop herself from saying dryly, “Look at what you’re saying. Vinegar is edible, but is pesticide edible?” 
Her words made Mrs. Landis choke, but she kept her head lowered and wiped her tears. 
Iris had only made up her mind to use the pesticide because she had convinced her to. Even though she wouldn’t make her compensate for the flowers, it upset her to see Landis sad! 
She looked at Nora and asked, “Can you save this pot of flowers, Ms. Smith?” 
Iris’s brows were also knitted together, and she looked miserable. 
“… I didn’t say that this pot of flowers is going to die,” replied Nora.
Both Mrs. Landis and Iris were taken aback at her words, and they looked at her. 
Only then did Nora slowly say, “You can’t keep this particular flower anymore, but the pot of flowers itself is still salvageable as long as you…” 
She listed a few herbs and said, “Brew them until they fill up only three bowls of water. Dilute the solution and water the flowers with it after that, and this pot of flowers will be fine. Flowers will grow again after that.” 
Iris was stunned when she heard her verbally listing the prescription so casually. 
Why did her method of using traditional medicine to treat flowers resemble Orchidiance’s style so much? 
But Orchidiance wasn’t based in the States! 
While Iris was wondering about it, she saw Nora yawn after she finished. Then, she slowly started to walk toward the door. “Just do as I say and everything will be fine. We’re heading back.” 
Iris panicked. She rushed over to Nora, grabbed her, and said, “Ms. Smith, right? Let’s add each other on Messenger?” 
Nora, “?” 
Iris smiled and said, “Don’t worry, I definitely won’t disturb you! At the most, I’ll only approach you when something goes wrong with my orchids.” 
Nora, “…” 
She wanted to refuse. After all, the owner of Villa No. 9 didn’t seem like anyone simple. She didn’t want to get into any trouble.
But when she saw the anxious and eager look in Iris’ eyes, as well as her beautiful, practically blemish- free, face, she suddenly couldn’t quite bring herself to. 
Cough. 
She would never admit that Cherry had actually inherited her love for pretty faces from her! 
She took out her cell phone and they added each other on Messenger. Only then did she go next door with Tanya. 
Mrs. Landis went out to buy the herbs that Nora had listed, so Iris was the only one in the villa for a while. She sat on the wooden chair in the yard and opened up Nora’s Facebook page. 
A master orchid breeder like her would definitely share a lot of tips about cultivating orchids, right? Unfortunately… her page was actually empty? 
Iris suspected that the young woman had filtered her out, so she scrolled up the page, upon which she found that the other party’s friend list was visible to her. 
In which case… 
So, Ms. Smith had never posted anything before? Just how lazy of a person was she? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little. In the midst of her surprise, there was another knock on the door. She subconsciously got up and walked over to open the door. 
As soon as she opened the door, she saw Tina outside. 
Iris’s expression instantly turned cold. “What are you here for, Ms. York?” 
Tina replied, “I’m here to check up on your orchid for you, Mrs. Hunt.”
Iris couldn’t help but smile upon hearing her reply. “No, it’s fine. Someone has already cured my orchid.” 
Someone had already cured it? 
Tina was surprised. “How can that be?” 
She had asked for help on various websites and also approached several people who were experts on treating orchids’ illnesses, but all of them had said that it was hopeless. How could it possibly have already recovered? 
She was still thinking about it when Iris smiled and asked, “Is there anything else?” 
Tina bit her lip. 
She assumed that Justin must have gotten an expert to look at the orchid, just so he could stop her from getting close to Iris. In any case, her original intention in pleasing Iris was just so she could… 
The look in Tina’s eyes darkened. Suddenly, she smiled and said, “Actually, I’m just here to inform you about something, Mrs. Hunt.” 
Iris was a little surprised. “What?” 
Tina narrowed her eyes. “Do you know that your son has started dating a woman from a nobody family and made her his girlfriend?” 
Iris replied coldly, “I’m not interested to hear about that.” 
Tina, however, smiled again and said, “You may not be interested to know about his girlfriend, but what about your grandson, the little Mr. Hunt? Are you not interested in knowing about him, either? Aren’t you afraid that that foresight-less woman will abuse your grandson after she marries into the family?”
When Tina chatted with Iris in the past, she discovered that the woman was always trying to draw the topic to Pete and make her talk about him. 
Although she didn’t visit her grandson, she still liked him very much. 
Therefore, Tina used her trump card right away. “He’s after all not her real son, so she can only be his stepmother. Once she marries Mr. Hunt and bears him a son, do you think he would still keep his position as the heir to the family?” 
Iris’s jaw tensed up. 
She didn’t intend to interfere with her son’s relationships, nor would she be easily incited by someone’s mere words. However, this didn’t stand in the way of her investigating the other party’s background. 
“Who is she?” asked Iris. 
Tina answered excitedly, “Her name is Nora Smith.” 
Iris: “?” 
Smith? 
###Chapter 242: Children Must Not Be Without Their Mother
Chapter 242: Children Must Not Be Without Their Mother 
Coincidentally, the girl next door who knew how to plant orchids also had the surname Smith, which made her have a good impression of the surname Smith. 
She lowered her eyes. “I understand. Is there anything else?” 
Tina was stunned by her light tone. “You don’t care?” 
Iris sneered. “I already said that I’m not interested in Justin’s matter. Ms. York, if you want to affect him by using me, you’ve made a wrong move. Goodbye.” 
She did not give Tina a chance to speak again and closed the door. 
Tina, who was blocked outside, gritted her teeth in hatred as she looked at the door. She clenched her fists tightly and took a deep breath before walking out. 
When Mrs. Landis came back from grocery shopping, she happened to see Iris sitting on the swing in the courtyard in a daze. 
She was stunned and asked, “Ma’am, what’s wrong?” 
Iris sighed. “Justin is in love.” 
Mrs. Landis was stunned. 
Then, she could not help but scold him. “This young master is too insensible! Since he’s in a relationship, he should have brought that girl here to meet you! Really…”
Iris lowered her eyes. “As long as he likes her, everything else is fine. I just feel that Pete is a little pitiful.” 
Mrs. Landis knew that Iris had thought of herself. 
After hesitating for a while, she walked to her side and squatted down, holding her hand. “Ma’am, Young Master is not like that.” 
Iris sneered. “He’s not. But in a family, the role of a mother is too important. Haven’t you heard of a saying? With a stepmother, you have a stepfather.” 
Mrs. Landis was silent for a while. 
Ma’am was not like this in the past. When she trusted someone, she would trust them unconditionally. However, after what had happened to Sir, her heart had completely broken. 
So now, she didn’t trust any woman too much? 
However, Mrs. Landis also knew that the status of the person in charge of the wealthy families was important. It was like the throne of a country. 
If a young master got married and the wife gives birth to a new son, which mother would not be biased toward her own son? 
Not to mention, they still had to inherit the Hunts’ business! 
Mrs. Landis sighed. “Ma’am, Pete is actually autistic. It’s too demanding for him to take on the burden of a family. Didn’t Young Master say so? He never planned to let Little Young Master take over the Hunts.” 
Iris was stunned. 
Yeah.
Pete had autism. 
Iris had seen Pete before. Half a year ago, she had secretly gone to see him and had seen that the child was alone and not very social. 
She had gone up to talk to him, but he had ignored her. 
She sighed. “Although that’s the case, if he’s willing to be close to me and grow up with me, it might be the best way for everyone. But…” 
However, he was unwilling to follow her. 
She sighed again. After a while, she looked up and said, “Give Justin a call. Ask him to bring Pete to see me.” 
Mrs. Landis nodded, wild with joy. This was the first time Ma’am had taken the initiative to look for Justin since she moved out of the Hunts. She hurriedly nodded. “Okay.” 
She ran into her room to make a call, but Iris was still staring at the sky. 
She thought of when she was young… 
When she had found out that her husband had cheated on her, she was determined to get a divorce. 
Even if they were to get a divorce, she would definitely not be able to take her son away. After all, Justin’s grandfather was still around at that time and was the head of the Hunts. He had raised Justin himself and was wild with joy at his intelligence. He had carefully nurtured him. 
At that time, she felt that people should live for themselves. Therefore, even so, she was determined to get a divorce.
At that time, Mrs. Hunt of the Hunts had let her go on a vacation for half a month. She would decide if she wanted a divorce after she returned. 
She had agreed, and thus, she left. 
However, she had not expected that after the biological mother left her son’s side, the mistress would visit her. 
When she was overseas and heard some news, she was once worried about Justin’s safety. However, she also knew that Justin was Mr. Hunt’s flesh and blood and that nothing would happen to him. 
With this thought in mind, she returned after playing overseas for a full 14 days. 
She was still determined to get a divorce. 
Her husband claimed that he and his mistress were truly in love. Even if they did not get a divorce, the two of them would only have a marriage of convenience. She did not want such a marriage. 
She would rather withdraw and pursue her own happiness. 
The pride in her bones made her think of everything too simply. 
When she returned to the house, one she had not seen for half a month, she saw her family looking at her strangely. 
They whispered, “So pitiful. Ma’am’s nickname is gone, and so is her son.” 
At that time, she thought that the servants were saying that she would give her son to the Hunts as well. She did not think much of it and went straight to the study after entering. 
In the study, Mrs. Hunt and Mr. Hunt were both there.
Her husband and his mistress were also there. 
The mistress held her big belly and knelt on the ground. 
Her husband was holding her hand and pleading with Mr. Hunt. “Dad! She didn’t do it on purpose. Let her get up!” 
Mr. Hunt smashed his teacup on the ground angrily. “If anything happens to Justin, I’ll kill both of you!” 
Bam! 
The bag in his hand fell to the ground. Iris looked at Mr. Hunt and Mrs. Hunt in confusion. Her voice trembled as she asked, “What happened to Justin? What happened to him?” 
When Mr. Hunt saw her, he did not dare to say anything. 
Mrs. Hunt walked over and held her hand. “Justin is gone! He was swindled by human traffickers!” 
Her eyes were red and her hands were trembling. 
Iris looked at her husband in disbelief. At this moment, he was still defending his mistress. “Iris, help me put in a few good words. She didn’t do it on purpose. Her stomach suddenly felt uncomfortable, so she was too careless and didn’t watch over Justin…” 
Iris was stunned. “She lost the child?” 
Justin had only been five years old at that time!! 
Her husband frowned. Seeing that she was silent, he could only look at Mr. Hunt. “Dad, Justin is already gone. It’s highly probable that he might not return, but do you not even want the child in her stomach?”
Mr. Hunt was stunned. 
Her husband continued shouting, “This child is also a son! I’ve already lost one, nothing can happen to this one!” 
With that, he held the mistress’ arm. “Get up.” 
The mistress stood up trembling. 
This time, Mr. Hunt remained silent. 
At that moment, Iris suddenly understood. Justin was just a successor to the Hunts. Without this successor, there would always be another one. 
However, in this world, there was only one person who could not live without Justin. That person was his mother. 
A child could not live without a mother. 
Iris suddenly said, “Mrs.. Landis, how good would it be if Justin’s girlfriend was Pete’s mother?”
###Chapter 243: Cherry’s Mommy
Chapter 243: Cherry’s Mommy 
Mrs. Landis was speechless. 
Back then, when Justin suddenly had a son, it caused an intense reaction from everyone. 
When he came over, Iris asked, “Who’s the child’s mother?” 
At that time, Justin’s attitude was very cold. “Does it matter if the child has a mother or not?” 
Iris was speechless. 
She knew that at that time, Justin was complaining that as his mother, she was always hiding outside and never came home. However, he did not understand her painstaking efforts. 
She was protecting him by not going back. 
His attitude toward her had always been very cold. Whenever he came over while he was young, he always followed a strict schedule, having already agreed with the Hunts. 
It was also because of this that things had changed a little over the years. He would occasionally come over to see her, but they had nothing to say to each other, so he only stayed for a while before leaving. 
Perhaps it was because she knew how hard it was to raise her son after she had him. 
At the Hunts’. 
When Justin received Mrs. Landis’s call, he was a little surprised, especially when he heard that special request to bring Cherry along…
He hung up and looked at Cherry, who was playing. He asked, “Cherry, are you willing to come with me to see Grandmother?” 
Cherry, “?” 
Her big eyes were filled with confusion. “Do I still have a grandmother?” 
With that, she immediately covered her mouth. 
It was over! 
She had let it slip. Her brother definitely knew that there was still a grandmother. 
As she was thinking about this, she saw her father bend down and say to her face, “Yes, it’s normal that you don’t know her. After all, you’ve only seen your grandmother a few times.” 
Phew… So that was how it was. 
Cherry heaved a sigh of relief and was delighted. “Okay!” 
She liked Grandmother! 
Like her great-grandmother, she would be a very gentle old lady. She would give her lots of gifts. Recently, Cherry had become the favorite of the Hunt Corporation. 
At the thought of this, she said excitedly, “Daddy, I’ll go change my clothes!” 
Justin nodded. 
He still had some work matters to settle, so he went to the study. 
Cherry returned to her room and changed her clothes. The moment she went out, she saw Roger standing at the door. He was smiling at her with his eyes narrowed. “Pete, are you going out?”
Cherry nodded. “Yes, I’m going to see Grandmother!” 
Roger suddenly smiled. “Pete, I remember that you didn’t like to talk much in the past. Why are you talking so much now?” 
Cherry tilted her head and said calmly, “Because I’ve recovered!” 
Roger, “?” 
Cherry took the opportunity to praise her mommy. “My daddy’s girlfriend, who is also my mommy, cured my illness!” 
Roger narrowed his eyes. “Your mommy?” 
“Yes, it’s Nora~ She’s a great doctor!” Cherry started flattering her mother without hesitation. “Not only is she beautiful and kind, but she’s also cool and brave. She’s also very good-looking! Most importantly, my father wants to marry her!” 
Roger, “…” 
He did not take such a woman seriously. After all, no matter how powerful she was, how powerful could she be when she grew up in a small place like California? 
He only said calmly, “You’re so young. Have you ever thought that a stepmother would be very bad?” 
Cherry, “?” 
Roger continued to bewitch her. “You’ve heard of Snow White’s story, right? The stepmother in that story is a witch. With a stepmother, you’ll also become Snow White. Then, you’ll be in trouble!”
Cherry pursed her lips. 
Roger: “If your stepmother gives birth to a younger brother with your father, your position as the leader will no longer be needed. Have you thought about the consequences?” 
If Justin was not married, his status on the board would be lighter. 
After all, when measuring a person, one would look at their career and family. When Roger heard that he had a girlfriend, his first reaction was to stop him. 
Even if he could not stop him, the seed of hatred that had been planted in Pete’s heart would still slowly germinate in the future. 
If there was a conflict between Justin’s wife and Pete, he would definitely be unable to take care of himself. Perhaps there would be a loophole in his control of the company and he could take advantage of it! 
His imagination was running wild. He even felt that any five-year-old would be on guard when they heard this. Indeed, the child in front of him was already deep in thought. 
Cherry frowned slightly, her smile turning into a little bun. “Little brother? It should be fun, right? But Mommy definitely won’t want to have another child!” 
Roger was stunned. He sensed something. “Another?” 
Cherry nodded. “Yes. My mommy has two… one child!” 
Roger was even more stunned. “What? Your mommy had a child? Who did she have it with? How old is that child? A boy or a girl?”
Cherry said, “She’s a beautiful, cute, quick-witted, and adorable little princess. She’s like a flower in everyone’s eyes~” 
Roger, “!!” 
It seemed like that woman had bewitched Pete a lot. Otherwise, why would he praise that little girl like this? 
No, he had to tell the Old Madam! 
When he thought of this, it was as if he had found a pillar of support. He walked straight to the Old Madam. 
Cherry skipped over to Justin. The two of them then took a car to the villa and saw Iris. 
As soon as they entered, Iris’s eyes landed on Cherry. Her eyes lit up. “Pete, you’re here?” 
Cherry looked at her curiously. Her big grape-like eyes were filled with curiosity. When she realized that this grandmother was different from her great-grandmother, with no wrinkles on her face, she was instantly as excited as a little butterfly. She jumped into Iris’s arms and called out sweetly, “Grandmother!” 
Iris froze. 
After being cold for so many years, she suddenly hugged the small and soft Cherry. It reminded her of how she had hugged Justin back then, and her heart suddenly softened. 
The cold expression that had always been on Justin’s face subconsciously disappeared, and his lips curled into a smile. “Yes.”
Justin looked at her. 
Her smile was just like when he was young. Every time he returned home after school, she would always wait for him gently at home… 
But later, she had chased her father away and moved out. 
Justin lowered his eyes. 
At this moment, Iris said, “Tina said that you have an unreliable girlfriend and are planning to get married?” 
Justin, “?” 
He paused and frowned. He was about to speak when Iris suddenly said, “I won’t care if you have a girlfriend, but if you get married, can you wait another five years?” 
Justin’s words suddenly paused as anger suddenly rose in his heart.. He asked, “Why?”
###Chapter 244: Raising Her Daughter?
Chapter 244: Raising Her Daughter? 
Of course, it was to give Pete more room to grow. 
When Pete turned 10 years old, learned about good and evil, and had his own thoughts, he would at least be able to protect himself before pursuing his own happiness. 
However, Iris would not say those words. 
She only said coldly, “If you get married, there will be a lot of trouble. I don’t want to bother about it. Besides, you’re only 25 years old this year. It’s the time to be impulsive. You might have been bewitched by a vixen outside. When you’re 30 years old, if you still like her, it won’t be too late to get married!” 
Justin suddenly clenched his fists. 
Vixen? 
Was this how she saw the woman he liked? 
He sneered. “You make it sound like you’ve managed me all these years. Since you haven’t, then don’t bother.” 
He lowered his eyes to hide the coldness in them. The mole at the corner of his eye exuded the same coldness and distance as Iris. “Besides, I’m already old. You don’t have to worry about me anymore.” 
With that, he extended his hand to Cherry. “Pete, let’s go.” 
Cherry looked at her beautiful grandmother and then at her father.
Thinking of the beautiful grandmother’s words, she looked at Justin hesitantly. In the end, she broke free from Iris’s embrace and walked to Justin. 
Justin bent down and picked her up before saying respectfully, “If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave first.” 
Iris didn’t say anything. 
Justin added, “Also, if I get married in the future, I’ll bring her to see you. You’ll like her. Of course, you can also dislike her because you’ve never liked anyone, right?” 
After saying this, he turned around and left. 
After the sound of the car disappeared at the door, Mrs. Landis walked toward Iris. Her voice couldn’t help but tremble. “Ma’am, why… why are you doing this? After so many years, your relationship with Young Master has finally eased a little. Why are you arguing again…” 
Iris sighed deeply. “That’s good.” 
Mrs. Landis was stunned. 
Iris looked at the sky. “The worse our relationship is, the less trouble we’ll cause him.” 
Mrs. Landis sighed again and asked, “Then should we investigate that Nora?” 
Iris shook his head. “No need.” 
Mrs. Landis was stunned. 
Iris said hesitantly, “The woman he likes could not be a bad person. Besides, even if we investigate, it’s useless. His personality is still the same as when he was young. He won’t turn back once he has decided on something.”
Seeing her pitiful state, Mrs. Landis couldn’t help but sigh deeply. She took a step forward and held her shoulder. “Ma’am, it has been hard on you all these years.” 
“What’s there to be bitter about? It’s all the role of a mother. It’s worth it for the child.” 
Iris stood up and walked to the greenhouse. 
Mrs. Landis stood outside the door and looked at the greenhouse quietly. 
Ma’am was like this. The more upset she was, the calmer she looked. Every time she was troubled, she liked to water the flowers. 
She had already watered the Inkland pot twice, but she did not notice it at all. 
— 
On the way back to the Hunts, the more Justin thought about it, the angrier he became. 
Many years ago, Iris and his father had a marriage change. 
At that time, his grandfather was so angry that he kicked his father out of the house, leaving behind Iris and him. 
He did not know who was right and who was wrong. At that time, he was young, but when he grew up, all traces of his childhood had been wiped away. He could not find anything at all. 
Moreover, both Iris and his father said that Iris didn’t love his father anymore. 
She had used him to threaten his father and grandfather. If his grandfather kept her, he would have to chase his father away. If he kept his father, she would leave the Hunts with him.
At that time, his grandfather had high hopes for him. He was only five years old but his grandfather had already determined his IQ. Therefore, he had chosen him and Iris without hesitation. 
When he grew up, he realized that there was no absolute right or wrong in a marriage. Moreover, his father had spent the rest of his life with another woman while his mother was growing old alone in this small villa. 
Whether his mother was right or wrong, he did not care. 
However, he could not understand why his mother had to leave even after his father had left. 
Didn’t she say she would stay? 
When he went to look for Iris when he was young, she was always cold and even hated him. Not long after he came, she would chase him away. 
He could not feel any motherly love from her. 
When Justin thought of this, he lowered his eyes and sighed. 
Even if his mother was not good, she was still his mother. 
Therefore, all of this could not be blamed on her. Only the real culprit could be blamed. 
At this thought, he picked up his phone and called Sean. “I don’t want to see that Dr. York again in New York.” 
Sean was stunned for a moment, but then he realized something and answered, “Yes!” 
After hanging up, Justin’s mood finally relaxed a little.
Then, he remembered that Miss Smith was a celibate when it came to marriage. It was very troublesome. 
How could he lie to that woman and register their marriage? 
While he was deep in thought, the car had already arrived at the Hunts. 
As they entered, the butler walked over. “Sir, Old Madam wants you to go over.” 
Justin, “” 
What was going on today? 
They were all looking for him? 
He asked, “What happened?” 
The butler lowered his head. “Young Master Roger is with the Old Madam.” 
He must have said something bad again. 
Since that was the case, he should not let Cherry go in case she harbors a bad impression of the child. 
Justin got someone to take Cherry back before going to the Old Madam’s room. 
As soon as he entered, he called out, “Grandmother.” 
The Old Madam frowned, her voice trembling. “Justin, I heard that you found a woman who has already given birth? You, why are you so muddled?! How can such a person be worthy of you?!” 
Justin lowered his eyes and glanced at Roger. “You heard?”
Roger instantly put on an obedient look. “Big Brother, I’m doing this for your own good. There are so many women outside. Every socialite in New York wants to marry you. Why are you being charmed by such a woman? She had a child before. Do you want such a secondhand woman?” 
A fierce look flashed across Justin’s eyes. “Coincidentally, I also have a child. Then am I also a second- hand man?” 
Roger instantly smiled. “Big Brother, don’t joke around. How can a man and a woman be the same… Moreover, if you marry her, won’t the Hunts be laughed at by others? They’ll say that you picked up someone else’s broken shoes. Moreover, you’ll even help her raise another man’s daughter…” 
Justin sneered.. “Who said we’re helping her raise another man’s daughter?”
###Chapter 245: What’s Your Name, Ms. Smith?
Chapter 245: What’s Your Name, Ms. Smith? 
Roger was taken aback. “What?” 
Justin glanced at him. 
He hadn’t brought Pete and Nora back home yet, so he mustn’t let Roger know that the two children look just like each other. Otherwise, given how intelligent he was, he would quickly realize that Cherry was a fake. 
He would make trouble for Nora when that happened. It would be terrible if he accidentally hurt the two of them. 
The moment he thought of that, though, Justin suddenly recalled that Nora was the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Should Roger really send someone to take Pete’s life, he reckoned that he would probably be the one to end up injured instead. 
Regardless, this was ultimately still a lot of trouble, and that woman hated trouble the most. 
He coughed and refrained from answering. 
As for Roger, he seemed to understand something after he processed Justin’s words. “Are you saying that she’s not going to bring her child with her when she marries you? So, the child will stay with the Andersons instead? This isn’t a question of a single child or of money; after all, how much money can a little girl spend? Justin, the fundamental problem here is that woman… C’mon, Grandma, talk to him!” 
The elderly Mrs. Hunt frowned. She disapproved of this marriage an awful lot, but even so, she couldn’t just embarrass Justin in front of Roger. Thus, she said, “These are Justin’s household affairs. Why don’t you leave for now?”
Roger nodded and left the room. 
After he left, the old lady stretched out her finger and jabbed Justin. “You… Are you really going to marry that woman?” 
Justin heaved a sigh. His tone became more intimate and he said, “Grandma, it’s still too early to talk about marriage!” 
Mrs. Hunt was surprised. “Huh? What do you mean? I knew you’re just fooling around and aren’t serious about her… Are you just dating her out of novelty…” 
Justin’s face twitched a little. He hurriedly interrupted her and said, “No, it’s because I’m still trying to court her.” 
The elderly Mrs. Hunt, “…” 
Justin sighed. “She isn’t interested in me.” 
“…” 
Mrs. Hunt felt like she had just heard the biggest joke in the world. Utterly stunned, she rebutted, “There’s actually a woman in New York who isn’t interested in you?” 
Her grandson was well-known for having a high IQ and was very outstanding in every aspect. Added to this his good looks, the daughters of all the wealthy families flocked to him, despite the fact that he already had a child. 
Over the years, there was no lack of people who came to her to secretly or overtly ask about his marriage matters, recommend potential candidates, or even recommend themselves!
Even that girl from the Smiths… was interested in him. 
The Hunts and the Smiths were actually originally a good match for each other. 
It was just a shame that the girl from the Smiths was an adopted daughter… Otherwise, they would have matched each other pretty well, since both youngsters were outstanding. Of course, these were all just her own opinions. She had also asked her grandson for his opinion back then, but unfortunately, he wasn’t interested in her. 
But now, there was actually someone who wasn’t interested in her grandson? 
Was she just playing hard to get, or was she really not interested in him? 
Mrs. Hunt immediately dispelled one of the two possibilities the moment she thought of them. There was no way her grandson would fail to realize if she were just playing hard to get. 
He was even better at reading people than her these days! 
This piqued the old lady’s curiosity. “That makes me so curious about that young missy. Bring her home and let me have a look someday!” 
Justin nodded. “No problem.” 
After Justin left, the old lady suddenly got someone over and instructed, “Get someone to look into Nora Smith.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
The old lady frowned. 
Although her grandson’s happiness was important, the Hunts’ honor was also very important!
Even if that woman was great, the fact that she had given birth to another man’s child would still be her dark past and would cause her to be mocked and laughed at for a lifetime. 
She wasn’t optimistic about the two of them. 
Therefore, she intended to look for an opportunity to meet Ms. Smith and her daughter. 
— 
Meanwhile, at the villa in the suburbs. 
Nora was leaning on the sofa and nodding off. Next to her, Tanya had already taken Pete upstairs. 
She had already tidied up the three bedrooms upstairs during the last few days. Apart from the master bedroom meant for herself, for the other two rooms, she turned one into a room for boys, and the other into one for girls. 
She took Pete into the room for boys and asked, “Do you like it?” 
Pete looked at the room, which was decorated fully in blue. The bed was even a Captain America- themed one. The boy, who was rendered a little speechless, replied, “How childish.” 
Tanya curled her lip disdainfully. “You’re too precocious for your age, boy! What is your room decor like at the Hunts’?” 
Pete replied, “It’s decorated in black, white, and gray tones, which are classier. I’ll take you there someda…” 
He suddenly paused at this point.
… Because it suddenly occurred to him that the tyrant had already changed his room decor to Cherry’s tastes instead! 
The whole room was pink!! 
The corners of Pete’s lips spasmed a little. Then, he asked, “Who is this room for?” 
Tanya’s eyes looked a little lost but were also determined. She answered, “It’s for my son!” 
Pete, “?” 
He was taken aback. “Do you have a son?” 
Tanya hesitated for a moment before she replied, “It may also be a daughter, so I’ve also set up a girl’s room. When Cherry is back, I will ask her if she likes it or not.” 
She would definitely find her child! 
And once she did, the child would immediately have their own room! 
She wanted to give her child all the maternal love that she owed all these years. 
The thought had only just formed when her cell phone rang. When she answered the call, Joel’s voice came from the other side. 
“It’s me.” 
Tanya’s attitude turned cold. “Is something the matter, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel kept quiet for a while before he finally said, “My daughter wants to learn to dance. I wonder if it’s convenient for Ms. Turner to—”
“No, it’s not.” 
Tanya hung up without any hesitation. 
Next to her, Pete was speechless. 
Knock, knock! 
The sound of someone knocking suddenly came from the door. 
Nora, who was sleeping on the sofa, was awakened by the noise. She rubbed her eyes and got onto her feet. When she opened the door, Mrs. Landis immediately grabbed her hand and said, “Ma’am is in a bad mood today, Ms. Smith. She looked like she got along well with you when she was chatting with you earlier today. Can you spend some time with her and talk to her?” 
Nora, “?” 
She was about to reply when Mrs. Landis heaved a sigh. She said, “Ma’am got into an argument with her son. She’s really having a hard time. She is obviously afraid that the young master’s son will suffer if he remarries, yet she couldn’t tell him anything, which causes him to misunderstand her all the time. After the two quarreled again today, Ma’am has been spacing out in the greenhouse for a whole day now, and she refuses to eat or drink. What should I do?” 
Nora, “…” 
Just like that, Mrs. Landis dragged and pulled her next door. Sure enough, she spotted Iris sitting in a daze in the greenhouse. 
Since I’m already here, I’ll just talk to her a little, Nora thought.
But what should she talk about? 
What a headache… 
She stepped into the greenhouse. She was about to speak when Iris spotted her. A smile blossomed on her sorrowful countenance at once. “You’re here, Ms. Smith. I have no idea why, either, but I just feel so happy and find you so likable the moment I see you. Maybe it’s because you’re good-looking.” 
Nora, “…” 
Iris went on. “We’re already meeting for the third time, so that makes us friends, right? But I don’t even know your name.. Can you tell me what your name is?”
###Chapter 246: God-Sisters
Chapter 246: God-Sisters 
Nora was about to answer when Iris went on. 
“Do you know how my pot of A Glimpse of Blood came about? It was actually my son who gave it to me on my birthday… I know he did it so that I could pour all my sentiments into the flowers, but what he doesn’t know is that I actually didn’t have any love for orchids in the past. I found gardening really annoying, but in order to take care of that pot of flowers, I bought a lot of orchids to learn and gain some experience. Over the years, I’ve killed a lot of orchids while trying to take care of them. I still remember that the first pot of flowers I killed was…” 
Nora: “…” 
She shut up and listened quietly. 
She knew that what Iris needed at the moment was a listener—she needed to vent some of her emotions. 
She talked about a lot of things, and Nora gazed at her seriously. 
She didn’t find her annoying. After all, she simply couldn’t bring herself to be annoyed when faced with such a lovely visage. She could look at her all day without any issues. 
Iris spoke mostly about bits and pieces of her life with her son. Through her words, Nora more or less got to know what kind of situation she was in. 
For some reason, she and her son were living separately. 
In addition, they weren’t on very good terms with each other, and her son seldom visited her. She realized this because she only spoke about how her son grew up, but never about how they spent time together. 
Iris talked for a whole two hours. At last, her throat became parched, and Mrs. Landis brought them some fruit tea. She took a sip and said hoarsely, “Would you dislike me for being so long-winded, Ms. Smith? It’s been a really long time since I’ve spoken this much.” 
“… No, I won’t. Feel free to go on,” replied Nora. 
Iris, “…” 
She had never seen such a quiet and beautiful girl with such a casual attitude before. In particular, whenever she mentioned how she had accidentally killed an orchid, Nora would always chime in with a sentence or two, and teach her methods that she could’ve used to save the flowers at that time… 
She also learned a lot about taking care of orchids during the chat. 
The more they chatted, the better they got along with each other. At last, Iris suggested, “I find that we simply hit it off very well, Ms. Smith. Why don’t we become a sworn family?” 
Iris was about to suggest taking her as her goddaughter when Nora replied, “Sure, God-sis.” 
Iris, “?” 
She was stunned for a moment. Then, she burst into laughter and said, “I’m almost fifty. How can you call me God-sis?” 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. She looked at the charming and pretty visage in front of her—the years didn’t seem to have left any marks on her face. She couldn’t help but say, “You look too young.”
Needless to say, Iris was delighted at the compliment. She touched her cheek and said, “You’re also very young, aren’t you? Are you twenty yet?” 
Nora laughed. “My son is already five this year.” 
… Son? 
Iris was dumbfounded. “But you’re so young! Yet you already have a son?!” 
Nora nodded. 
Iris asked, “Where is he?” 
Nora nodded at Villa No. 10 with her chin and answered, “He’s at my friend’s.” 
Iris got up at once. “Really? Why don’t you take me to him? As his god… aunt, I should visit him, too!” 
Nora, “…” 
She thought of how Pete kept trying to hide, and knew right away that he might know the lady in front of her, and didn’t wish to meet with her just yet. Thus, she said, “Forget it. He’s shy.” 
Iris didn’t force it, either. “Alright. I’ll let you meet my son the next time you’re here, God-sis!” 
Nora smiled and got up. “Sure. It’s getting late, I have to go back.” 
Iris sent her off. 
When the two reached the door, Nora suddenly stood still and looked back at her. She said, “Sis, sometimes, what matters the most between two people is actually trust. You may be protecting your son in your way, but what if your son doesn’t need you to protect him anymore?”
Iris froze in place, stunned. 
The girl in front of her was simply so perceptive. She hadn’t mentioned even a word about what had led to the current situation at all, but only talked briefly about how she interacted with her son, yet she had actually guessed it! 
She stared at Nora blankly. 
Nora lowered her gaze, nodded at her, and left. 
Iris balled up her fists tightly as she stared at the girl’s thin and frail form. 
At some point, Mrs. Landis came up behind her and said, “Ms. Smith is right, Ma’am… You have already made such sacrifices for so many years. It’s time to tell Mr. Justin the truth! He now oversees the Hunts, and is no longer the boy who needed your protection back then…” 
A dazed Iris turned around and looked at Mrs. Landis. In the end, she heaved a sigh. “Even if I tell him now, would he be willing to believe me?” 
Mrs. Landis was stunned. 
In order to keep her distance from Justin, Iris had always treated him very coldly and distantly for the past two decades. 
How could two decades of estrangement possibly be easily explained with just a few words? 
Mrs. Landis sighed. 
Iris turned and went back to the room. “I’ve already spent more than twenty years like this. Why bother creating trouble for him now?” 
Mrs. Landis stayed silent for a long time as she stared at Iris from the back.
To be honest, Ma’am also yearned for Justin’s forgiveness, didn’t she? 
It was just that she wasn’t willing to tell him about it, nor did she know how to. In fact, she had already become accustomed to speaking coldly over the years and didn’t know how to speak warmly to anyone anymore. 
Mrs. Landis lowered her head. 
— 
Nora brought Pete into the car after she returned to Tanya’s. 
Tanya saw the two of them off reluctantly. “Don’t go, guys. This place is so big, but I’m the only one here… I’m scared.” 
Nora raised her brows. “How about coming to the Andersons’ with us, then?” 
Tanya, “?” 
She had officially moved in today, why would she move out again and follow them back? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little, and she finally let go of the car door. She looked at Nora and said, “Damn, you’re so heartless! Besides, what’s so good about the Andersons’ that you simply have to go back?” 
Nora yawned. “The bed there is pretty good.” 
“…” 
After seeing the two of them off, a very resentful Tanya went back to her villa.
After watching Tanya enter the villa in the rearview mirror, Pete finally asked, “Mommy, how was your chat with Gr… with the lady living next door?” 
Grandma was really weird. Surely she didn’t bully Mommy, right? 
As soon as he thought so, Nora replied, “Well, we hit it off really well. We are now god-sisters, so she’s your god-aunt from now on.” 
Pete was full of question marks when he heard her: ? 
How did Grandma become his aunt?! 
What had happened between Mommy and Grandma?! 
While Pete was filled with self-doubt, the car returned to the Andersons’. 
After parking, Nora got out of the car with her cell phone. She completely ignored Pete at the back, who was hopping off the tall car and then tiptoeing to close the door. 
She was replying to her newly-gained god-sister’s text message: ‘I am home.’ 
Iris: ‘Good to know you got home safely. I’m very happy to meet you.’ 
Nora paused. Then, she suddenly smiled and wrote: ‘By the way, my name is Nora Smith..’
###Chapter 247: Tough Love
Chapter 247: Tough Love 
In the villa in the suburbs. 
Mrs. Landis was in the midst of dinner preparations when she suddenly heard a scream from the upper floor, which made her hands tremble and she almost cut her finger with the kitchen knife. 
She rushed upstairs with the kitchen knife and asked nervously, “What’s the matter, Ma’am? What’s the matter?” 
Iris, who was resting on the recliner, sat upright as she stared at her cell phone incredulously. When she saw Mrs. Landis come in, the dazed woman asked, “Earlier today, what did Tina York say Justin’s girlfriend’s name was?” 
“You know, Nora Smith!” Mrs. Landis replied. 
Iris swallowed hard as she looked back down at the text message—the five words ‘my name is Nora Smith’ were displayed there clearly. 
She rubbed her eyes. When she saw the five words again, she couldn’t help but let out another scream. “Ahhh!” 
Mrs. Landis received another huge shock. She shivered and said, “Oh my goodness, my precious Ma’am, please don’t scare me anymore! I’m already old, so I can’t take shocks anymore! What’s the matter?” 
Iris lifted her head and looked at Mrs. Landis weakly. “Mrs. Landis, I… I… I think I’m in trouble!” 
Mrs. Landis, “?” 
Iris asked, “If I tell you that the girl whom Justin has fallen in love with—the one that Tina York says has been pestering him—is the same Ms. Smith whom we were talking to today, would you believe me?” 
Mrs. Landis, “” 
Mrs. Landis thought of Nora’s indifferent attitude and the aura around her, and she shook her head. 
After being Iris’s follower for so many years, she had long since learned to read people and identify them. 
Ms. Smith was no ordinary person. There was no doubt that she was a very impressive person! 
It was clear that she and Iris were no ordinary people, and everyone else was dying to be of help to them. However, when she had gone over to ask Ms. Smith to talk to Iris, she had been reluctant to! 
Mrs. Landis shook her head. “I don’t believe it.” 
Iris nodded. “I don’t believe it, either.” 
Mrs. Landis asked, “By the way, ma’am, didn’t Ms. Smith say today that she has a son?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” Iris said, “The Nora Smith that Tina York mentioned only has a daughter. She doesn’t have a son. So…” 
Mrs. Landis said cautiously, “What if the name Nora Smith has become very popular? After all, it’s neither a particularly uncommon name nor an obscure last name.” 
Iris hesitated. “Is that so?”
Not many people named their daughters Nora these days, right? No, wait. Perhaps Tina had meant Norah? Or Noreen? 
Iris comforted herself. At last, she said, “If we want to know whether she’s really the one or not, the next time we invite Ms. Smith over, we can also ask Justin to come over. This way, we’ll know for sure, right?” 
Mrs. Landis nodded. “Yes, that’s right. She’s your god-sister anyway, so it doesn’t matter!” 
Iris breathed a sigh of relief. 
Nora, who had absolutely no idea that Iris was in an internal struggle the whole night, went upstairs with Pete after she returned to the Andersons’. 
After washing up, the two of them happily fell asleep on the bed. 
The night passed peacefully. 
The next day, Nora again slept until the sun was up before she finally woke up. She had only just stretched and gone downstairs leisurely when she spotted the elderly Mrs. Anderson and Melissa sitting solemnly on the sofa in the living room. They looked up when they heard the door open. When they saw her, they got onto their feet at once. Melissa exclaimed, “You’re finally up, Nora!” 
Nora’s voice still sounded a little nasal as she asked, “What’s up?” 
Mrs. Anderson and Melissa exchanged a look. At last, Melissa said solemnly, “Mrs. Hunt has invited you to the Hunts’ manor! She has also requested that you bring Cherry along!” 
Nora, “?” 
She frowned and asked perplexedly, “Mrs. Hunt?” 
Melissa nodded. “Yes, Justin’s grandmother.”
Nora knew who she was, of course. 
After all, she was the one who had cured that old lady’s illness! 
Nora was just very puzzled. “What is she asking me to go over for?” 
As soon as she said that, Melissa gazed at her gravely and asked, “Come over here, Nora. I have something I want to ask you. Please answer me seriously.” 
Nora went downstairs, shuffled over, and sat opposite Melissa and Mrs. Anderson. “What is it?” 
Melissa took a deep breath and asked cautiously, “You and Justin… Are the two of you…” 
She held up two fingers, drew them together a couple of times, and went on. “… dating?” 
“… No, we’re not!” 
However, her cell phone rang at this point. 
She looked down to see that ‘Mr. Narcissist’ was calling. She picked up the call and subconsciously said, “What can I do for you, Mr. Hunt?” 
The man on the other end of the call spoke in a low and deep voice. “Nothing much. I just wanted to ask you out on a date, that’s all, Ms. Smith.” 
Nora, “?” 
She was a little surprised. “A date?” 
“That’s right. Didn’t I make a promise to you the other day? We have to go on dates more frequently, so that I don’t keep on making you take the initiative to approach me under the guise of visiting Pete. In this
regard, men should take the initiative, shouldn’t they?” 
“…” 
Nora asked reluctantly, “Where? And when?” 
“How about now? Let’s go to the movies?” 
“No, thanks.” Nora said, “The movies make me fall asleep. They are boring when their plots don’t make sense.” 
“How about touring the countryside, then?” 
“So that we can admire an endless field of vegetables on a farm? Sorry, Mr. Hunt, but I come from a small town. These things aren’t rarities to me.” 
“… What do you feel like doing, then?” 
Nora immediately replied, “I wanna sleep.” 
“…” 
The other end of the call fell silent for a long, long time, so much so that Nora even wondered at one point if the call had been disconnected due to signal loss. Just as she was about to hang up, the scumbag’s voice rang out again. “This… Aren’t we moving things a little too fast?” 
Nora, “?” 
“We’ve only just started dating, so our relationship hasn’t reached the point of passion and infatuation yet. Isn’t it too early for us to sleep together? But of course, since you’re the one who brought it up, I will definitely satisfy you, Ms. Smith.”
Nora, “!!!!” 
She obviously meant that she wanted to sleep by herself! 
That scumbag was simply too narcissistic!! 
Once again, the man made Nora so mad that she gnashed her teeth in fury. She snapped, “Are you incapable of understanding English, Mr. Hunt? Or perhaps you need me to operate on your brain?” 
Her words suddenly reminded Justin of a message that Anti had once relayed to him through Solo. 
The message had made him so angry at that time that he made up his mind to would beat up the other party real bad once he found them. 
But later on, he had forgotten about it. 
Now that she had brought it up, Justin suddenly smiled and said, “Your words have reminded me of a message that Anti passed to me back then.” 
Nora, “?” 
“Why did you insult me that time, Ms. Smith?” asked Justin. 
Nora, “!!” 
Because you’re so narcissistic, of course! 
But could she say that? No, she couldn’t… 
Once she said it, she would have to explain that she wasn’t in love with him, which would then require her to explain why she was approaching Pete. 
Driven into a corner, Nora coughed and said, “Don’t they call such behavior ‘tough love’?”
“…” 
Nora then said, “If there’s nothing else, then I’m hanging up, Mr. Hunt.” 
Just as she was about to hang up, Justin chuckled softly and said, “Please wait a moment.” 
Nora paused. The next moment, his voice traveled through the phone again. “About sleeping…” 
However, she didn’t give Justin the chance to continue and hung up straight away. 
When she looked back up, she saw an astounded Melissa and Mrs.. Anderson staring at her…
###Chapter 248: Let the Two Children Meet and Get Familiar with Each Other!
Chapter 248: Let the Two Children Meet and Get Familiar with Each Other! 
The two of them asked in unison, “Nora, are you not in a relationship with Mr. Hunt?” 
As the saying goes, beating is a sign of affection, and cursing is a sign of love. 
How could they not be in a relationship?! 
Nora: “…” 
She rubbed her forehead in pain. How was she supposed to explain this? 
Melissa’s eyes widened, and he stuttered, “Nora… Nora, is this how you usually talk to Mr. Hunt?” 
That was Mr. Hunt! 
Even Simon did not dare to scold Mr. Hunt like this. 
However… 
Melissa swallowed. 
For some reason, Nora’s face felt a little hot when her aunt and grandmother looked at her like that. She coughed and suddenly said, “Aunt, Mr. Hunt and I are really not in a relationship. We just…” 
However, she could not say anything. 
Just as she was feeling conflicted and wanted to use a word to accurately express their relationship, Melissa smiled. “I understand, I understand! Nora, you don’t have to explain!”
Nora, “?” 
She hesitated. “You understand?” 
“Yes!” Melissa smiled. “Alright, stop talking. I won’t force you! After all, you’re young and thin-skinned.” 
Nora: “?” 
She’s thin-skinned? Did she have some misunderstanding about her?! 
She twitched her lips and heard Mrs. Anderson say excitedly, “Melissa, come upstairs with me later and see how much jewelry I have left. I want to prepare a dowry for Nora!” 
Melissa nodded. “Alright, I’ll prepare some too!” 
She sat up straight and smiled. “I’ve raised two children but haven’t prepared for a wedding yet. We’re marrying off our daughters. Mom has to teach me what to prepare!” 
Mrs. Anderson smiled. “Sure. Back then, we didn’t send your elder sister to get married, but your second sister got married at home. I still remember those customs! The rules here are really big!” 
Nora, “!!” 
Did they understand? 
The corners of her lips twitched. “Grandma, there’s no need. Aunt, you don’t have to…” 
As soon as she said this, the two excited people immediately looked at her. 
After a while, Mrs. Anderson lowered her shoulders. “That’s true. After I married into the Andersons, they didn’t think much of my jewelry. Sigh, it’s already old, there’s no new design.”
Melissa nodded as well. “Yes, the Hunts have assets in hundreds of billions of dollars. We Andersons can’t even afford a few hundred million dollars now. Nora, it’s because we don’t have the ability…” 
Nora, “…” 
She waved her hand. “That’s not what I meant. I…” 
Melissa held her hand. “I know that our things are just a drop in the ocean for the Hunts, but these are all our intentions! Also, we have transferred 35% of Harmonia Pharmacy’s shares to you! Sign the contract someday and it will take effect!” 
Nora, “!!!” 
She was about to say something when Mrs. Anderson suddenly sighed deeply. “Justin isn’t bad, but the Hunts’ life is actually not easy!” 
Melissa looked at her. “Mom, what’s wrong? Why are you suddenly saying this?” 
Mrs. Anderson frowned. “The Hunts are very big and have a lot of businesses. They also have a lot of competitors. Sigh!” 
She looked at Nora. “Nora, the second branch of the Hunts is always causing trouble, but they don’t have much power in reality. Justin can crush them with a single finger. Being able to marry him might seem glorious, but do you know… Back then, Justin’s mother also looked glorious, but in the end, she was chased out of the house.” 
Melissa frowned. “Speaking of which, Justin can suppress the rest of the Hunts, but he can’t suppress his mother. I heard that his mother has a very strange personality. With such a mother-in-law, what should we do with your personality?”
Although Nora looked easygoing, this was only in front of them. 
Melissa knew this niece of hers. She was sharp-tongued when it came to ill-intentions. 
She was really afraid that after Nora marries Justin, she would have a conflict with her mother-in-law and directly punch her… 
As she was thinking all this, Mrs. Anderson sighed. “Actually, there’s something important.” 
Melissa was stunned. “What?” 
Mrs. Anderson looked at Nora. “After you marry Justin, do you still want a child?” 
Melissa immediately understood something and looked at Nora. 
Nora: “…” 
Facing their gazes, she answered slowly, “No.” 
Her body looked strong, but she was very weak internally. 
Back then, she had lost a lot of blood and had barely escaped death. Her foundation had long been damaged. 
Sleeping for a long time now was a sign of her body’s deficiency. Have another child? Wouldn’t that kill her?! 
However, Mrs. Anderson’s thoughts had gone astray. “If you don’t give birth, it’ll be fine. Then there won’t be much conflict. But if you give birth to another child, then the Young Master of the Hunts will become your enemy!”
Melissa nodded. “Now that I think about it, Mr. Hunt is actually not a good person. Sigh, Nora, since you don’t want a child, you must tell us about your plan when you go to the Hunts.” 
The minds of the wealthy families were usually more conservative. The boys’ standing was greater than the girls’, and the heir was always a boy. 
The two of them were worried that the Young Master of the Hunts would have other thoughts if Nora ever had another son. 
But if she did not have this thought, everything would be fine. 
Nora twitched her lips and stood up. “Aunt, help me reject them. I’m not going.” 
She did not want to cause any trouble. 
Melissa still wanted to say something, but Mrs. Anderson nodded. “Yes, we’re not going! Why should we go just because the Hunts asked us to? This is ridiculous! How can they just call a girl over?!” 
Melissa thought about what she said and felt that it made sense. She nodded. 
Nora saw that the two of them finally stop talking, and went to the dining room to eat breakfast. 
After she left, Mrs. Anderson looked at Melissa. “Melissa, I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to make a trip!” 
Melissa nodded. “Mom, I understand!” 
Since the two families were discussing marriage, why would they call the young lady over directly? It should definitely be the parents of the two families sitting together to have a chat. 
She stood up. “I’ll call Mrs. Hunt right away.”
She went upstairs and returned Mrs. Hunt’s call. She smiled and said, “Unfortunately, Nora is sick. She’s afraid she’ll pass the disease to you. How about this? I’ll come over and see you.” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she understood what she meant and immediately made another request. “I remember that Miss Smith’s daughter is called Cherry. Can you bring her over? Let Cherry and Pete get to know each other better!” 
Melissa understood what Mrs. Hunt meant. She wanted to meet Cherry. She was confident that Cherry would be loved by everyone.. Therefore, she smiled and said, “No problem!”
###Chapter 249: Returning to the Hunts
Chapter 249: Returning to the Hunts 
After chatting for a while more, Melissa hung up and went to chat with Mrs. Anderson. 
Melissa was worried. “Mrs. Hunt’s attitude is quite good, but I don’t know if this is her basic upbringing or if she’s very satisfied with Nora.” 
Mrs. Anderson sighed. “If she was satisfied, she wouldn’t have called early in the morning to ask Nora to come over.” 
Melissa clenched her jaw and did not speak. 
Mrs. Hunt’s behavior was actually very rude. 
When ordinary children fell in love, the man would definitely be more proactive. However, there was no reason for an elder to directly call the girl over to their house. 
If they really wanted to see what she looked like, most of them would visit personally. 
In ancient times, if the royal family took a liking to someone, they would summon them to the palace to take a look. 
Therefore, this made Melissa and Mrs. Anderson very uncomfortable. 
Although the Andersons were already in dire straits, they were still a prominent family. They were not a small family in New York. 
Mrs. Anderson sighed deeply and said the main point. “It’s because Nora got pregnant before marriage and gave birth to a child.”
Melissa was indignant and her words became a little unpleasant. “But Justin also has a child. I don’t know where he got an illegitimate child from!” 
Mrs. Anderson shook her head. “Why don’t you understand? In their eyes, their family is different! Especially men, they’re even more different.” 
Just like the emperors in ancient times, could it be that with a child, the position of the empress is no longer important? 
There were still many women rushing forward. 
Who would despise the emperor for having a child outside? But if a girl had an illegitimate daughter, her status would drop. 
Although these were already modern times, the more noble a family was, the more particular they were. They valued men more than women. 
Take the Andersons for example. No matter how open-minded they were, Sheena had still married off and left Simon to inherit the family business. 
Melissa knew that this was not right. It was normal for people to get married twice, let alone have a child. However, when she heard Mrs. Anderson’s words, she fell silent. 
She sighed. “Alright, I’ll go.” 
Mrs. Anderson nodded. “Yes, we have to put on airs. We can’t let them look down on us. Otherwise, Nora will be bullied when she marries over to the family in the future!” 
Melissa nodded. 
She walked out of Mrs. Anderson’s room and walked to the next door. She happened to see Pete writing the Mathematical Olympiad questions seriously at the desk.
She did not know what was wrong with the little guy. He had been quiet recently and was not as lively as before. 
Melissa smiled and walked over. “Cherry, how about you go out with your grandparents?” 
Pete did not even look up. “I don’t want to go.” 
“…” Melissa stood in front of him and stared at the cluster of hair on the child’s head. She said slowly, “Come, I’m going to a friend’s house as a guest. Don’t stay at home all day.” 
Pete looked up slowly. 
He had originally wanted to continue rejecting her, but he heard Melissa mumbling to herself, “I wonder what’s wrong with Cherry lately? In the past, it was impossible for Cherry to stay in her room. She always pestered me to take her out to play…” 
Pete slowly swallowed the words that were about to come out of his mouth. He was silent for a moment. “Alright.” 
“That’s great!” 
Melissa said, “Wait a minute. I’ll find you a dress!” 
Pete, “…” 
He grimaced. “I don’t want to wear a dress. Aunt, Grandma, I like what I’m wearing.” 
Melissa looked at Pete’s clothes. He was wearing a gray suit, and it was hard to tell if he was male or female. His hair was a little long, but he had not cut it in a while, as if he was waiting to grow braids.
Melissa asked hesitantly, “But shouldn’t we be more serious when we’re going out as guests?” 
Pete resisted. “…I think this is good, it’s comfortable.” 
Comfortable… 
These two words made Melissa calm down. “You’re right. We’re going as guests, and we’re just going to play. There’s no need to be too serious. Just do as you wish and be comfortable.” 
With that, she looked at her own clothes. “I’ll change into something comfortable too!” 
Pete, “?” 
He just did not want to wear a dress. How did his casual words convince her? 
Five minutes later, Melissa walked over in her usual clothes and waved at him. “Let’s go, Cherry.” 
“Okay.” 
Pete followed her downstairs. When the two of them were about to walk out, they bumped into Nora, who had eaten and was preparing to go upstairs. 
Melissa greeted her. “I’ll take Cherry to a friend’s house to play.” 
Nora heard this and raised her eyebrows. “Sure.” 
She did not ask where she was going and went upstairs. 
The Andersons’ chauffeur drove while Melissa brought Pete out. 
On the way, Melissa instructed, “Cherry, be more polite and sweet when you see her later. Don’t embarrass your mother! Okay?”
Pete nodded. “…I’ll work hard.” 
Melissa laughed instead. “Work hard for what? Isn’t being cute and likable your specialty? Hahaha~” 
Pete was speechless. That was his sister’s specialty, not his. 
Sigh! 
Who were they going to meet? Why did he have to curry favor with her? 
As he was thinking, he suddenly realized that the car was driving on the highway in front of him. Why did the road look more and more familiar? 
After making another turn, the Hunts villa appeared not far away. Pete could not help but turn to look at Melissa. “Grandma, are you going to the Hunts?” 
Melissa smiled. “That’s right. Cherry is really smart!” 
Pete: “!!!” 
He was about to say something when the driver stepped on the accelerator and entered the Hunts’ manor. 
The Hunts’ manor occupied three thousand square meters. It would take another five minutes to drive all the way from the main entrance to the main hall. 
Pete looked at the servants hired by the Hunts and grimaced. 
What should he do now? 
“Screech!”
The car stopped and the Hunts’ butler welcomed them personally. He stood at the door respectfully. “Ms. Melissa, you’re here. Old Madam has been waiting for you for a long time!” 
Melissa got out of the car and nodded at the butler with a smile. 
Then, she turned back to look into the car. “Cherry, we’re here. Let’s get out of the car?” 
In the car, Pete was speechless. 
The butler of the Hunts knew him! 
Furthermore, the butler was Great-Grandmother’s subordinate. After the tyrant took control of the Hunts, it was also a form of respect for Great-Grandmother not to fire the butler. 
But now, what could he do? 
If he got out of the car, the butler would definitely know! 
In the room. 
Cherry was craning her neck to look outside. As she did, she asked, “Great-Grandmother, who are you bringing me to meet? Why isn’t she here yet?” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled and spoke very gently. “You’re meeting your sister.. See if you like her! If you don’t, you don’t have to force yourself!”
###Chapter 250: The Past
Chapter 250: The Past 
Meeting a sister? 
Cherry had always liked to make friends. Her eyes immediately lit up. “Is she good-looking?” 
Mrs. Hunt: ? 
The corners of her lips twitched as she smiled. “I don’t know yet, but she definitely isn’t as good-looking as our Pete.” 
Although Mrs. Hunt’s words were biased, Pete was indeed the most exquisite and good-looking child she had ever seen. 
He was even more exquisite than Justin back then. 
Cherry grinned. “Great-Grandmother, don’t say that. I’ll be shy!” 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
She felt that Pete had become even cuter and lively! 
She hugged him. “Our Pete is so cute! Great-Grandmother will give you a gift later!” 
At the mention of a gift, Cherry immediately stood up. “Great-Grandmother, since I’m meeting my new sister, I’ll prepare a gift for her! Wait a minute~” 
With that, she ran over to the toy room.
Ever since Cherry became close to Mrs. Hunt, Mrs. Hunt would call her over to play sometimes. Therefore, she had prepared a little toy room for Cherry inside her room. 
Of course, most of them were cars, and there were very few teddy bears. 
But there were still some. 
Cherry choose a plush toy and planned to give it to the new girl. 
As she watched Cherry run away, Mrs. Hunt slowly retracted her gaze and wiped the smile off her face. She said to the butler beside her, “Pete’s personality is a little too good.” 
The housekeeper, Mdm. Lea, had followed Mrs. Hunt when she got married to the Hunts back then. Although she had been married and had children all these years, she had always stayed by Mrs. Hunt’s side and helped her manage the family matters. 
Mdm. Lea nodded. “He’s too approachable. He doesn’t have the arrogance he had when he was silent in the past.” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her head. “What do you think we should do if Pete really likes this sister?” 
One of the reasons why she asked Melissa to bring cherry over was because she wanted the two children to have a conflict. This way, Pete would resist this marriage. 
She really understood Justin too well. 
Once he made up her mind, he would not change it again. 
Actually, she did not agree to this marriage. 
After all, if the Madam of the Hunts was a woman who had given birth and married into the family with a child, she would become the laughing stock of the entire New York.
However, if she resisted, Justin would definitely not listen to her. 
Justin’s only weakness was Pete. 
As long as his son disagreed, this marriage would not be possible. 
Mdm. Lea glanced at Mrs. Hunt and lowered her head. “They’re children, there will always be conflicts when they interact. After all, if they steal each other’s toys… It won’t be surprising if they fight.” 
If they were to fight… 
Mrs. Hunt’s eyelids did not move, but her eyes darted around before she smiled. “Okay, as long as you arrange it.” 
After saying that, she sighed deeply. “Speaking of which, this is the first time in so many years that I’ve schemed against Justin.” 
Mdm. Lea hurriedly comforted her. “You’re doing this for his own good. I don’t know what’s wrong with Mister. He must have been bewitched to fall for such an immoral woman. The future head of the Hunts definitely can’t be such a woman.” 
When she heard this, Mrs. Hunt lowered her eyes and nodded. Then, she slowly said, “Justin said that he hasn’t succeeded in wooing that girl. Actually, this is all because of the Andersons… You don’t know this, but back then, his father had also taken a liking to Yvette. He was so obsessed with her…” 
Mrs. Hunt felt a little uncomfortable at the mention of the past. 
Actually, if the woman Justin liked was not from the Andersons, it might have been better. But she was actually Yvette’s daughter…
How much trouble had Yvette caused in New York back then? 
Even her son, Justin’s father, had been infatuated with Yvette. He had even fought with Ian because of her. 
In the end… 
Mrs. Hunt nagged. “Yvette chose Ian, and only then did my son leave. But from then on, Justin’s father seemed to have become a different person. He used to be such a progressive person. Later on, he didn’t care about the marriage anymore. I helped him choose Justin’s mother. When I asked him for his opinion, he said that it was fine. As long as it wasn’t her, he didn’t care who it was, and it was up to me to arrange.” 
Mrs. Hunt was full of complaints. “I was too anxious back then. I wanted him to get back on his feet and choose Iris, who was not inferior to Yvette. This Iris comes from a better family than Yvette, and she’s well-educated. It’s just that she doesn’t like to be in the limelight, so her reputation isn’t as great as Yvette’s. But she’s really not inferior to her…” 
“After they got married, they treated each other with respect. However, Iris was too stubborn. When she found out that he already had someone outside, she couldn’t bear it anymore. But in a wealthy marriage, isn’t it normal for a man to have one or two mistresses outside? The marriage was based on two good surnames. Even the old man was very infatuated when he was young…” 
When Mdm. Lea heard this, she hurriedly interrupted her. “Madam isn’t bad. At least, Justin’s father’s outcome was better than the one in the Smiths…” 
Her words stunned Mrs. Hunt. She asked, “I heard that the person from the Smiths is dying?” 
Mdm. Lea sighed. “Isn’t that so? Back then, he and Justin’s father were the two elites of New York. Although Yvette chose Ian, Ian didn’t even have a child with her in the end! Now that he’s terminally ill, I
heard he won’t live for long. In comparison, Justin’s father is at least still alive…” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed again. 
At the same time, she was even more dissatisfied with Nora and hated the Andersons even more. 
Although they all knew that it was his own fault that Justin’s father had come to this point and that the Old Master had given up on him, as his biological mother, she was still filled with anticipation for the brilliant Boss from back then. 
In the end, her son had fallen into dire straits. On one hand, she blamed her son for being disappointing. On the other hand, it was convenient for her to vent her anger on the Andersons. 
She had her own bottom line. 
At the very least, they had not kicked the Andersons while they were down for so many years. 
Moreover, Yvette had passed away many years ago, and the Andersons were gradually falling into decline. Logically speaking, everything that had happened in the past was already in the past. After so many years, she could not even remember the Andersons anymore. 
If Nora was not Yvette’s child, perhaps she would not be so harsh to her. 
As she was thinking, she heard footsteps outside. 
Mdm. Lea hurriedly reminded her, “Madam, they’re here.” 
Mrs. Hunt immediately sat up straight and looked sharply at the door. 
That woman thought highly of herself and refused to come over. Therefore, she would first take a look at her child and see what she looked like.. After all, the daughter would surely be a miniature version of her mother!
###Chapter 251: Meeting
Chapter 251: Meeting 
The first to enter was the butler. 
He looked a little surprised, but he still held it in. When he saw Mrs. Hunt, he bowed. “Madam, Ms. Melissa is here.” 
Only then did he move aside and reveal the person behind him. 
Melissa was wearing a casual family suit. She did not look like she had specially dressed up. However, her clothes were fitting and elegant. She was smiling as well, but her smile was appropriate and did not appear flattering. She was poised and composed. 
When Mrs. Hunt saw her, she nodded secretly. 
At least in this outfit, she was not the type to curry favor with the Hunts, and would not be hated. 
She looked at Melissa and behind her. After a while, she asked in surprise, “Where’s the child?” 
When she said this, Melissa revealed an awkward expression. 
She looked at the butler and felt a little uncomfortable when she thought of the situation earlier. 
Just now, when Melissa looked at Pete, she realized that he was hugging his head and burying it on the sofa in the backseat. After she spoke, he directly said gloomily, “Aunt, my… my stomach hurts. I want to go home…” 
Melissa was shocked and hurriedly asked, “Where does your stomach hurt? Why are you feeling uncomfortable? Cherry, let me take a look!”
“I don’t want to,” Pete said firmly. “I want to go home and find Mommy. Mommy is a doctor. She can treat all illnesses.” 
Melissa was anxious. “Then I’ll accompany you back.” 
No matter how important it was, it was not as important as the child. 
However, just as she finished speaking, she saw Pete look up from inside the car. He blinked at her and said softly, “I’m fine. It’s just that this butler uncle looks too scary. I don’t want to get out of the car. I want to go home and find Mom.” 
Melissa: “…” 
The butler, who had taken the blame for no reason: “…” 
The butler touched his face. If he had not always been famous for being polite and gentlemanly, he would have felt like a monster! 
Look at how frightened the little kid was! 
Melissa was helpless as well. She coaxed Pete to get out of the car again. “Cherry, Uncle Butler is very kind. If you get out of the car, he’ll take you out to play with toys and eat delicious food, okay?” 
Pete shook his head like a rattle drum. “I don’t, I don’t want to. I want to go home and find Mommy!” 
Melissa: “Cherry, you’re being rude~” 
Pete retorted seriously, “I’m a child. I’m unreasonable!” 
Melissa, “…”
Pete said, “Besides, bringing me in like this is embarrassing. You might as well let me go home to Mommy.” 
Melissa: “…” 
She had been convinced! 
In the end, she could only get out of the car and get the chauffeur to send Cherry home first. The chauffeur would pick her up later. 
Facing Mrs. Hunt’s question, Melissa could only explain, “The child is very clingy to her mother. She didn’t see her mother and wanted to go home. I got the chauffeur to send her back first. Mrs. Hunt, how have you been lately?” 
Looking for her mother? 
Mrs. Hunt glanced at the butler and saw him nod. 
She looked down on Nora even more. 
She had indeed grown up in a small place and was not generous at all. Her daughter was also so willful. She had already arrived at the door and had left again. 
As she thought this, she revealed some impatience on the surface. 
She pointed to the chair beside her. “Have a seat first.” 
Melissa’s body stiffened. 
This condescending attitude was obvious, and even though she was experienced and concealed her expression, she still revealed a little impatience. It made Melissa very uncomfortable. 
After she sat down, Mrs. Hunt smiled and said, “You can’t spoil a child too much.” 
Melissa lowered her eyes. Although Cherry had indeed lost her composure today, she still protected her own family. She smiled. “You’re right. However, Cherry is a delicate girl. Aren’t all wealthy families raising their daughters like gems? This has always been the case in our family. Our daughters are all very precious! Boys are tougher, on the other hand.” 
In other words, “Our girls are willful! Nora is also very willful!” 
Melissa felt that she could not lower her stance and blindly pander to her. She had to tell Mrs. Hunt that Nora had also been pampered by the Andersons since she was young! 
Mrs. Hunt understood and smiled. “Isn’t this how wealthy families raise their children? But why do I hear that Nora grew up in California?” 
Melissa smiled. “Yes, my elder sister married into California back then and set up a company there. However, it’s more difficult to raise children there. Nora’s good skin is all because of her. Also, you haven’t seen her fingers before. They’re as fair as freshly peeled onions without any creases.” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled and remained silent. 
Mdm. Lea said, “That’s because you raised her too carefully. The boys in our family are raised roughly. Our family has only raised one child who is not rough. That child is our Young Master. Sir raised him himself since he was young.” 
Mdm. Lea smiled. “Sir fed Little Young Master milk powder and changed his diaper. Speaking of which, even in an ordinary family, a father who can do this is already a good father. Moreover, our Sir highly
values Little Young Master. He never left his side for more than three days since he was young and even taught him personally… At that time, we said that we would find a mother for Little Young Master. Sir said that the child was still young and was afraid that a stepmother would be bad. We would talk about it when the child grew up. He even said that he wanted to find someone from a small family. Someone who would not dare to bully Little Young Master. Speaking of which, Little Young Master is already five years old!” 
In other words: Justin cared about the Little Young Master the most. Even if he married, it could not affect the Little Young Master’s status. 
Melissa clenched her fists. 
After Nora marries Justin, it was her freedom to have children or not. However, the Hunts were clearly looking down on them by saying all this in advance. 
What small family? 
She was instantly furious, and her smile stiffened. 
Mrs. Hunt scolded, “Mdm. Lea, what nonsense are you talking about? The Andersons aren’t a small family!” 
Mdm. Lea immediately slapped her mouth gently. “Ms. Melissa, don’t take it to heart. I didn’t think before I spoke. That’s not what I meant. Of course, the Andersons are not a small family. Your Carefree Pills are too famous. Even our family has a few for emergencies.” 
Melissa: “…”
She clenched her fists tightly, but she knew that even if this marriage did not succeed, they could not fall out. After all, the Andersons could not compare to the Hunts. 
However, she had already made up her mind to persuade Nora to break up with Justin. 
She could not marry into such a family! 
As she was thinking to herself, a clear and cute voice suddenly sounded. “Great-Grandmother, is my little sister here?” 
With that, a small figure ran over..
###Chapter 252: Nora Is Pete’s Biological Mother
Chapter 252: Nora Is Pete’s Biological Mother 
Melissa looked over subconsciously, but the moment she lifted her head, she froze all of a sudden. 
She stared incredulously at the child running in, and swallowed hard. Cherry also noticed her while she was running in. The little fellow came to a stop, and a touch of surprise appeared in her big round eyes. 
An astonished Melissa said, “Ch…” 
But before she could say ‘… erry, why are you back?’, the little fellow suddenly exclaimed, “Ooh! Hi, Grand-aunt!” 
She interrupted Melissa, ran up to her, and sat on her lap. 
Melissa: “?” 
She couldn’t understand how Cherry could go in and out of the Hunts’ residence at will. Moreover, she had clearly come from the inner premises. Shouldn’t she be in the car going back to the Andersons right now? 
While she was in a daze, Mrs. Hunt frowned and asked, “Grand… Aunt? Pete, do the two of you know each other?” 
Cherry nodded at once. “Uh-huh! Great-Grandma, this is Grand-Aunt. Grand-Aunt, this is my great- grandmother~” 
Even more question marks filled Melissa’s mind:  
She suddenly turned to Mrs. Hunt and asked, “W-what did you call the child just now?”
Pete? What Pete? 
Before Mrs. Hunt could explain, Cherry said, “Don’t you remember who I am, Grand-Aunt? I’m Pete Hunt! My father is Justin Hunt!” 
Then, she looked at Mrs. Hunt again and said, “Are they the guests you were talking about, Great- Grandma? I’ve been to their house! Daddy took me there before, yeah!” 
Cherry’s young and tender voice rang out in the living room, shocking Melissa so badly that she was practically crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. 
What nonsense was Cherry spouting? 
Pete Hunt? What nonsens… 
No, wait, Hunt? 
And ‘Great-Grandma’… 
‘My father is Justin Hunt’… 
She looked at Cherry, who was in her arms, in disbelief after connecting the pieces of crucial information. She swallowed hard and asked, “Y-your father is Justin Hunt?” 
Justin was the father of Nora’s child 
Cherry blinked at her and replied, “Uh-huh! My father is Justin Hunt, and I am his son, yeah!” 
She deliberately placed emphasis on the word ‘son’. Then, she asked, “Where’s my sister? Didn’t she come?” 
If Pete had come, he would definitely find a way to escape!
There was absolutely no way he would stay! 
Cherry understood her elder brother very well, so there weren’t any loopholes in her words at all. 
The dumbfounded Melissa’s mind was a complete blank. 
Mrs. Hunt, however, was very displeased with how close and intimate the two of them were. She beckoned to Cherry and said, “Come to Great-Grandma, Pete.” 
Cherry nodded and ran to Mrs. Hunt. 
After getting her to sit beside her, Mrs. Hunt looked at Melissa and asked with a fake smile, “So, Justin has already paid your family a visit?” 
Melissa: “…” 
When had he ever paid them a visit?! 
But when she thought of what Pete had said just now… 
She looked again at Cherry, who was sitting beside Mrs. Hunt obediently… 
The child in front of her felt more like the Cherry whom Nora had brought with her from California. On the contrary, it was the Cherry, who was always so quiet and taciturn lately, that felt more like she would be the little mister of the Hunts… 
Could it be that… 
Everything suddenly clicked in her head in this instant. 
She looked at Mrs. Hunt again, who said with a smile, “You mustn’t be so casual with your terms of address, Pete. You should call her Mrs. Anderson instead.”
Cherry blinked. “But Daddy told me to call her Grand-Aunt!” 
The clever Cherry had long since discovered that everyone in this family became fearful the moment she brought her father into the picture! 
Sure enough, Mrs. Hunt didn’t make any more mention about changing the term of address. Instead, she looked at Melissa with a smile and said, “Would you just look at this child? He’s just so innocent that he can’t even distinguish between who’s family and who’s not. That said, it’s not really a big issue even if he goes along with it and addresses you as Grand-Aunt.” 
Mrs. Hunt could tell from Cherry’s attitude that Justin had already taken care of everything long ago. Knowing that there was no way she could stop the marriage anymore, she heaved a silent sigh inwardly. 
In that case, there were some things that must be made clear. 
She took a deep breath and said with a smile, “Mrs. Anderson, I asked you over because there’s something I want to talk to you about. I should think that you’re already aware that Ms. Smith and Justin are dating. What are your thoughts on this? Also, our family has high hopes for Pete. Surely the Andersons won’t mind if he becomes close to his biological mother in the future, right?” 
Although they didn’t know who Pete’s biological mother was, they would eventually find her. 
In Mrs. Hunt’s opinion, no one could compare to their own blood relatives. 
It was just like Iris back then. For Justin’s sake, hadn’t she also willingly suffered injustice for so many years? She was the only person in this world who didn’t harbor any thoughts of using Justin and treated him well.
Although she didn’t know why Justin had never made any mention of Pete’s biological mother, these thoughts of hers had never once changed. 
Melissa had already recovered from her shock and consternation by now. As expected of someone who had experienced so much in life, the woman had already understood everything during these short few moments. 
No wonder Nora had kept in contact with Justin. As it turned out, the father of her children was none other than Justin himself! 
Although she didn’t know how Nora and Justin had come to have children, or what exactly had happened back then, what she did know right now was that Mrs. Hunt was obviously unaware that Nora was Pete’s biological mother! 
She coughed and asked, “Do you know where Pete’s biological mother is, Mrs. Hunt?” 
Mrs. Hunt, however, misunderstood her. 
She thought what Melissa meant was—how was Pete going to become close with his biological mother when they didn’t even know where she was? 
At once, Mrs. Hunt smiled and replied very meaningfully, “Of course, I do.” 
Melissa: “” 
http://www.noveljar.com 
Then, Mrs. Hunt puffed herself up at her own cost and said, “It’s said that mothers and their children share a connection. You should have heard of that saying before, right? You’re also a mother yourself, so you must know how a mother feels toward their children. Although there are some misunderstandings between Justin and her, for the boy’s sake, I think Justin will eventually forgive her.”
She looked at Melissa again after she spoke, and thought of a way to get her to back down. She said, “Of course, if Ms. Smith doesn’t mind, then it’s not a problem.” 
Melissa: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little. She suddenly felt very much like laughing. 
She asked, “How do you feel about his biological mother, then?” 
Mrs. Hunt became domineering this time. She replied, “I don’t care who she is. She deserves my gratitude just for giving birth to such an excellent successor for the Hunts!” 
Her words were filled with heartfelt sincerity. 
Pete was simply too outstanding. Even his IQ showed signs of surpassing Justin’s! 
Melissa glanced at Cherry when she heard what Mrs. Hunt said, and she couldn’t help but laugh. She suddenly felt like it didn’t seem that bad for Nora to marry into the Hunts, either? 
Her smile baffled Mrs. Hunt. “What are you laughing at, Mrs.. Anderson?”
###Chapter 253: Visiting God-Sis
Chapter 253: Visiting God-Sis 
Melissa lowered her gaze and hurriedly reined in her smile. “I was just amused, that’s all. These are the Hunts’ private affairs. I shouldn’t be asking about it.” 
“Our private affairs?” Mrs. Hunt frowned. “It’s not really just our private affairs anymore, is it? Aren’t Ms. Smith and Justin in a relationship right now?” 
Melissa feigned surprise. “Are the two youngsters dating? I really wouldn’t know about that.” 
She didn’t know what Nora’s plans were, so there was no way she would agree to any sort of request. 
Mrs. Hunt:  
What was the matter with her? 
Melissa wasn’t that wary and cautious anymore all of a sudden! 
Was it really like what Justin said? Nora Smith wasn’t interested in him? 
That… wasn’t quite possible, was it? Which girl could possibly resist the temptation that was Justin Hunt? 
However, since Melissa had already put it that way, she couldn’t go on about the topic anymore. She changed the subject tactfully and invited Melissa to stay for dinner. 
However, Melissa declined the invitation and hurried back to the Andersons before dinner.
As soon as she entered the compound, she saw the usually asleep Nora looking at her. Her brows were drawn together as she asked, “I heard from Pete that you went to the Hunts’?” 
Pete… 
So, the child in their house was indeed the Hunts’ little mister! 
The news astounded Melissa so badly that her legs turned into jelly the moment she got out of the car. She held Nora’s arm for support, grabbed her hand, and asked, “Nora, Cherry and Pete are…?” 
“They are twins,” replied Nora simply. 
Melissa swallowed. Even though she had already guessed it, she nevertheless couldn’t help but ask hesitantly, “And Justin is their…?” 
“He’s their father.” 
Nora sounded very sure. 
In the past, she was sure because Justin must have already done a DNA test for himself and Pete. As for now, it was because Lily had already compared Justin’s DNA with the twins’, and Justin was indeed their father. 
She still remembered what Lily had said then: 
“Oh, by the way, I also checked the father’s IQ genes while I was doing the DNA test, and it’s astonishingly high. It’s at the highest end of the range of values for normal people though, so it’s still a teensy-weensy, itty-bitty bit inferior to your crazy IQ.” 
Since she had emphasized how minimal the difference was, it meant that there really wasn’t much of one.
However, Nora had been more concerned about the children at the time. “What about the children?” 
“… The children’s IQs are also out of this world. Pete has the same IQ genes as you—in fact, they’re even a bit better. As for Cherry, hers is even crazier. Her IQ is the average of yours and her father’s, so it’s even higher.” 
Nora: “…” 
Her IQ was obviously a ‘teensy-weensy, itty-bitty bit’ higher than Justin’s. Pete was a boy, so he had fully inherited his IQ genes from her. It was normal for it to be slightly higher than hers. 
However, Cherry’s was the average of hers and Justin’s, so how was it higher than Pete’s? 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “You must be mistaken.” 
An exceptionally serious Lily replied, “Please do not question my professional abilities, Anti. I personally carried out all the tests involving your DNA.” 
Nora: “…” 
Before she hung up, she made it a point to remind her, “Please delete all the data.” 
“No problem.” 
… 
Melissa stared at the girl in front of her in shock. 
The unattainable Justin was every girl’s dream in New York. 
When her daughter Sheril met him at a party when she was young, even she had come back saying, “He’s the most handsome boy I’ve ever seen! And he also has an air of elegance around him!”
At that time, Melissa had immediately warned her, “Even so, you mustn’t develop feelings for him. People like him can’t be tamed.” 
Sheril had immediately understood then that some people were simply favored by God from the start. 
Yet, their Nora had conquered that unattainable man? 
An astonished Melissa asked, “Are two of you really going to get married?” 
Although Mrs. Hunt looked down on the Andersons—in fact, she even had something against them because Yvette had broken her son’s heart in the past—after her chat with her earlier, Melissa was now sure of something: Once Mrs. Hunt realized that Nora was Pete’s biological mother and that she could even bring an additional Cherry to the Hunts, Mrs. Hunt would probably treat Nora as the Hunts’ most honored guest! 
Nora yawned and replied, “No, we’re not.” 
Then, she added seriously, “I’ve never entertained that thought before.” 
Melissa nodded. The next moment, she saw Nora pick up her cell phone and make a call. The other party answered very quickly. 
“Hello, Ms. Smith. Are you calling me this late because you miss me?” 
Nora said, “… Keep your family members in check.” 
Justin: “?” 
Nora was cold and distant as she said, “Don’t harass the Andersons.”
Justin understood at once. “Was it Grandma?” 
“Yeah.” Nora said unhurriedly, “She told my aunt to go over and discuss marriage plans.” 
“…” 
“Mr. Hunt,” Nora said, “Didn’t we already reach an agreement about not believing in getting married?” 
Melissa: “!!!” 
Was that how Nora usually talked to Mr. Hunt? 
Why did her voice sound like it was brimming with disdain?! 
Mr. Hunt would definitely become angry, right? 
While her imagination was running wild, the voice on the other end of the call said, “It’s my fault.” 
Melissa: “?” 
Was that the same Mr. Hunt who was always so aloof and overlooked others from high up in the air?! 
Why did he sound a little like he was trying to please Nora? 
Nora, who also didn’t expect him to admit his mistake, raised her eyebrows a little. 
For the first time, she developed the illusion that she was being too much of a bully. 
While she was thinking about it, Justin, who sounded even more aggrieved now, said, “I will keep my family members properly in check. Grandma was just hoping that I would have my own family soon. I know you’re a non-believer of marriage though, so I won’t force you into anything.”
“…” 
Nora kept quiet for a long while. At last, she finally coughed and said, “Actually, you can be with other women…” 
“Ms. Smith,” Justin interrupted her solemnly and said, “You were the one who fell in love with me first, so you mustn’t push me away now.” 
Nora: “…” 
“In order to get close to me, you used all sorts of ways and means to get close to my son. You’re the only one that he acknowledges as his Mommy now, so you can’t just wash all this off your hands and leave. If you do that, not only would you be letting me down, but you’ll also be letting Pete down.” 
“…” 
“Don’t worry. I won’t force you if you’re unwilling to marry me. After all, I can’t let you down when you’re so in love with me. Even if Grandma is really old now and wants to see me get married… it doesn’t matter. Everything is fine as long as you are happy.” 
“…” 
Nora wanted very much to say that he really didn’t need to do that, yet she felt that if she were to say that without explaining everything clearly, she would end up sounding like a scumbag. 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little. In the end, she could only humbly and guiltily hang up, feeling as if she had bullied someone. 
As soon as she hung up, she received another call. When she picked up, Iris’ voice rang out. “Ms. Smith, are you free now?”
“Yes, I am. What’s the matter?” asked Nora. 
Iris said, “I have a pot of flowers here that’s dying. Can you come over and take a look at it?” 
Nora thought for a moment and replied, “Okay.” 
At the same time, Justin also received a call from Mrs. Landis. “Mr. Justin, please come over with Pete if you’re free..”
###Chapter 254: The Family of Four Meets!
Chapter 254: The Family of Four Meets! 
Nora was about to hang up when Iris suggested, “Why don’t you bring your son along with you?” 
Nora thought for a moment. Then, she nodded and said, “Okay.” 
She went upstairs, brought Pete down, and got in the car with him. She said, “I’ll take you to meet a friend of mine.” 
Pete was very excited. “Okay!” 
Even though he had known Mommy for a very long time by now, he only knew a few of her friends. Pete wanted to know what his Mommy was usually up to, since she was such an enigma. 
Even though Mommy was always sleeping, she was so rich! 
There was no way anyone could make that much money just by being a genius doctor! 
He got into the car excitedly and sat in the backseat. 
When Nora was walking to the driver’s seat, she looked at Melissa, who was still in a daze, and slowly said, “Please keep this… a secret for now, Aunt Melissa.” 
“… Okay,” said Melissa. 
After Nora left, Melissa finally entered the living room. Mrs. Anderson, who had been waiting all afternoon, stepped forward nervously at once. She held her hand and asked, “How was it, Melissa? Did Mrs. Hunt say anything?”
Melissa was in a daze. “No, she didn’t.” 
Mrs. Anderson breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s good. Sigh, I’m just afraid that she’ll bring up some kind of request or condition. If they want to treat Pete’s biological mother as family, then will Justin take Nora’s or the other woman’s side?” 
Melissa: “…” 
She looked at Mrs. Anderson hesitantly before she finally said, “Actually, it’s all the same.” 
Mrs. Anderson glanced at her. “You don’t get it, do you? It’s not the same. If that happens, Pete’s biological mother will definitely cause Nora trouble. Also, what if Pete resents Nora even after she raises him into an adult? These things all have to be made clear in advance. Sigh, it’s just so troublesome when other people’s children are involved.” 
“…” 
— 
In a villa on the outskirts of New York. 
Mrs. Landis and Iris were happily preparing dinner. 
Iris was in a very good mood. The woman, who looked as lithe as a teenager, hummed a little tune as she went back and forth the dining table and the kitchen joyfully. 
Seeing her in such a good mood, Mrs. Landis laughed and said, “Ma’am, your mind must be at ease now, right? You’ve already asked around and found out that Mr. Hunt’s girlfriend is from the Andersons. The other Ms. Smith only has a daughter while your god-sister has a son instead! As it turns out, the two of them just share the same name! You don’t have to worry anymore!”
Iris nodded. “Yes, it’s fine as long as they aren’t one and the same. I was so scared that I had accidentally elevated Justin’s girlfriend’s position to one that was more senior than his, which would have made it awkward for the two of them!” 
Mrs. Landis laughed again. “The fish and chips are fried especially nicely tonight, so they’ll definitely taste awesome. The children are gonna love it.” 
“Yeah.” 
Iris smiled and said, “I wonder how old Ms. Smith’s son is, and how far apart his age is from Pete’s. I don’t know if the two of them can get along or not.” 
Mrs. Landis teased her and said, “You worry too much!” 
Only then did Iris suddenly realize that she was indeed worrying too much. 
For so many years, many people had tried to please her. There were even some that tried to pander to her interests and spoke knowledgeably to her about orchids. 
All of them were trying to ingratiate themselves with Justin. 
In order to reduce unnecessary troubles for Justin, she had rejected them all. Therefore, all the rumors outside claimed that she was difficult to deal with, and had a strange temperament. 
Come to think of it, Nora was actually the only friend she had made all these years. Therefore, she hadn’t stopped Mrs. Landis when she also told Justin to come over after Nora was invited over for dinner. 
This was just her selfish desire, but she wanted her son to help Nora out a little if he could.
After all, it wasn’t easy for a woman to bring up a child on her own. It reminded her of herself when she was taking care of Justin back then. 
Perhaps because she had suppressed her feelings for too long, it led to her wanting to give the other party all the good things she could after she made a friend. 
Moreover, what Nora said the day before had made Iris suddenly realize that she indeed didn’t understand Justin. 
She was Justin’s mother. In situations that wouldn’t cause him any trouble, helping her friend out was something he should do, right? 
… Even though Iris didn’t know what kind of help Nora could possibly need from her. 
While driving to the villa in the suburbs, Nora received another call from Justin. 
After she uttered a ‘hello’, Justin asked, “Are you free tonight? I’ll take you somewhere for a meal?” 
Nora, who was looking ahead of her, replied, “I’m not free.” 
Justin, who seemed to have heard some kind of sound, immediately asked, “You have an appointment? Who are you meeting that has actually made you abandon me? That’s not something that someone in love with me should be doing.” 
He was afraid that she was going on a date with Caleb. 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed a little. She couldn’t be bothered to explain that she was visiting her newly- gained god-sister, lest the guy says something like ‘Which is more important—meeting me or your god- sister?’. 
Thus, she simply said, “I’m sleepy. I’m going home to sleep.”
“… Alright then,” said Justin. 
In a rare moment, Nora asked, “What about you?” 
Justin let out a low chuckle and replied, “I’ll sleep with you.” 
Nora: “?” 
Her voice turned cold. “Talk properly!” 
Justin said, “We’ll sleep together after you go back to your house and I go back to mine. Is there something wrong with this sentence? Or did you get the wrong idea?” 
Nora: “!!!!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed, and she said, “I’m hanging up!” 
On the other end of the call, Justin couldn’t help laughing after Nora hung up so fiercely. 
He was in the car at the moment. The chauffeur was driving to the suburbs. 
Cherry, who was sitting beside him, asked, “Are you planning to take Mommy to Grandma’s for dinner, Daddy?” 
Justin nodded. “Yes. Your Grandma has some misunderstandings about her. I think she would be able to understand what she’s like after we sit down and have a meal together, but unfortunately…” 
“Mommy definitely won’t go!” Cherry said, “She wants to sleep!” 
Justin: “…” 
Half an hour later.
Nora arrived at the suburbs. 
It was already dark, so Pete didn’t notice where they were when they entered the residential area. Besides, he rarely came over in the first place. In the day, he could still tell that this was where his grandmother lived, but because it was too dark now, he didn’t manage to make out the surroundings until the car reached the villa entrance. 
It was only after Nora took him out of the car and they entered the villa that Pete finally realized something. Unfortunately, it was too late! 
“Ms. Smith!” Iris welcomed her into the house excitedly. “Let’s have dinner together tonight!” 
Nora nodded. Then, she pushed Pete—who was hiding behind her and trying to say something all this time but didn’t have any chance to—to Iris. She said, “This is my son, Pete.” 
Then, she said to Pete, “Say hi to your god-aunt, Pete.” 
Mrs. Landis, who had sent the two into the living room, hurried out the door when she heard another car at the door. When she saw Justin walking over with Cherry, she smiled and said, “You’re here, Mr. Hunt!” 
Justin noticed a car in the corner. As the place was dim, he didn’t make out what kind of car it was. He asked casually, “You have guests over?” 
“Yep!” Mrs.. Landis explained, “It’s Ma’am’s new god-sister! It’s just nice that you’re here, so you can also meet her!”
###Chapter 255: Mr. Hunt, This Is Your God-Aunt
Chapter 255: Mr. Hunt, This Is Your God-Aunt 
God-sister? 
Justin’s brows drew together. 
Iris had been leading a reclusive life all these years. She treated outsiders harshly and was like a robot without emotions. 
He could even clearly remember that one time he came over when he was a child and saw that her family, the Evanses, had come over. However, he also saw, with his own eyes, Iris driving them out of the villa. 
Mrs. Landis had stood in front of the door to stop them from entering at that time. His aunt from the Evanses had knelt in front of the door with her child and cried out in tears that they mustn’t delay medical treatment for his uncle anymore. He needed immediate treatment, otherwise he would die. 
But Iris hadn’t spared them even a glance. 
He had bodyguards protecting him when he walked in, so his aunt couldn’t get near him. She stayed where she was and sobbed as she cursed, “You’re no different from a cold-blooded monster, Iris Hunt! You’re a venomous snake! It’s all because of you that the Evanses are in this state today! Yet, you’re actually sitting on the sidelines and doing nothing! He’s your elder brother! How can you be so cruel?” 
His footsteps had paused at that time. 
However, he hadn’t taken the liberty to give her any money, say anything, or comfort her—because he had already understood by then that sometimes, what one saw was not necessarily the truth. 
He didn’t understand the relationship between his mother and her family at all, so how could he ask anything of his mother? 
Regardless, the sight of his aunt berating Iris and calling her a venomous snake with a savage look on her face had remained in his memory. 
All these years, every time he came over and saw how Iris was always so cold toward everyone, and heard from the bodyguards how all she did every day was take care of her flowers, and how she didn’t seem to have any social interaction with anyone, he had even thought that she didn’t have any friends at all. 
Yet, she was actually introducing her god-sister to him now! 
He understood the implicit meaning behind introducing her god-sister to him—it was nothing more than her wanting the Hunts to help her god-sister out and take care of her. Over the years, on account of various people, he had already helped out a lot of people with their businesses. 
Adding one more person to the count didn’t matter. 
However, he felt rather unhappy. 
His mother had never worried about him or comforted him before. She had abandoned him at the Hunts’ icy-cold manor when he was only five and left him to his own devices ever since. 
Yet, she was actually showing so much concern for an outsider now? 
He was really curious. Just what kind of woman had managed to capture his mother’s heart? 
Justin’s expression turned cold, and he entered the house. 
—
In the living room. 
Iris was staring at Pete at the moment, her beautiful eyes widened in disbelief. 
Pete had also raised his little head and was looking at his grandmother. 
Although the two rarely saw each other, Justin did occasionally bring him over for quick visits, so one could say that they were the most familiar strangers. 
For a while, neither of them spoke. 
Nora looked at Iris, and then back at Pete. Finding their silence rather strange, she frowned and prompted Pete. “Pete?” 
Although Pete was mildly autistic, he had shown good manners ever since he started to live with her, and would always greet his relatives whenever he met them. This was especially so with the Andersons. He always greeted Melissa very sweetly whenever he saw her. 
So, why was he suddenly not greeting his elders anymore the moment he came here? 
While she was hesitating, Iris asked in a trembling voice, “M-Ms. Smith, is… is he your son?” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” 
But when she looked at Iris again, she found that the woman suddenly had an extremely complex look on her face. She stared at Nora for a while. 
In the midst of Nora’s confusion, Pete’s small and weak voice entered her ears. 
“Hello, Grandma.”
Nora: “” 
Her head whipped to the side abruptly to see Pete with a resigned look on his face as if he didn’t have anything to live for anymore. He said, “Mommy, she… she’s my grandmother.” 
Seemingly because he saw that Nora didn’t seem like she understood what he was saying, he added, “You know, my father’s mommy.” 
Nora: “…” 
Iris: “…” 
Pete held his forehead. He knew that the two of them were utterly shocked at the moment, so he said to Iris, “Grandma, can you keep this a secret from Daddy for now?” 
Practically right after he spoke, someone suddenly opened the living room door. Mrs. Landis’ voice traveled over. 
“Come on in, Mr. Hunt!” 
When Mrs. Landis was bringing Nora and Pete into the house, as she had been preoccupied leading the way, she hadn’t managed to see Pete’s face clearly. Right after that, she had gone out in a hurry again. Thus, she looked at Cherry, pointed at Pete from the back, and said, “Your god-grandaunt has brought her little boy here. You guys can play with each other later!” 
As soon as she said that, Iris stood up straight and looked at the door. 
Nora and Pete also turned around instinctively. For a time, the family of four stood facing one another. 
“…” 
“…”
The whole room was suddenly filled with weird silence. 
After a full twenty seconds of silence, Mrs. Landis finally rubbed her eyes. She looked at Nora, and then at Justin before finally looking at Pete and Cherry. Then, she looked at Iris in confusion. “Have I become that old, Ma’am? Are my eyes playing tricks on me? Why does Ms. Smith’s son look exactly the same as the little mister?!” 
Her words made Iris’s lip corners spasm. 
She suddenly realized that she had really done something wrong. She coughed and said, “M-Mrs. Landis, w-why don’t you introduce them to each other? I… I suddenly have a headache, so I’ll go upstairs and rest for a bit.” 
After speaking, she walked to the stairs with her left arm moving forward with her left leg, and vice versa. She seemingly went upstairs, but after turning the corner, she immediately stopped and secretly popped her head out from behind the wall to look at the others’ reactions. 
But when she did, she instead found that all five people downstairs were looking straight at her, frightening Iris so badly that she immediately retracted her head, coughed, and went upstairs. 
When Mrs. Landis saw her fleeing, something suddenly clicked in her head, and she immediately cursed at Iris inwardly. How could she leave her all alone downstairs in a situation 
like this?! 
She could already feel the awkward and frosty atmosphere in the living room without even looking at Justin. She swallowed hard and stammered, “Um, M-Mr. Justin, this… this is Ma’am’s new god-sister.” 
As soon as she said that, she felt Justin looking at her.
In a brainless move, she added, “In other words, she’s your g-g-god-aunt…” 
“…” 
The low air pressure in the air seemingly became even lower. 
Only then did Mrs. Landis realize that she had really rubbed Justin’s nose in it. How could she possibly not understand by now? Ms. Smith was none other than Justin’s said girlfriend that Tina had mentioned! 
But what had she and Ma’am done instead? They had elevated his girlfriend’s position to one that was senior to his own! 
Justin was probably secretly cursing his mother right now! 
While she was thinking about it, she suddenly had a brainwave. She said, “Oh dear, Ma’am always eats some cake at this time every day. I’ll bring some up for her…” 
After saying that, she ran straight upstairs without even taking any cake with her. 
For a time, only the family of four remained in the living room..
###Chapter 256: A Reasonable Explanation!
Chapter 256: A Reasonable Explanation! 
Ten seconds later, dead silence filled the room. 
“…” 
A minute later, the silence in the room became even scarier. 
“…” 
Even after two minutes went by, none of them had any intention of speaking. 
“…” 
Nora, who had always been short of sleep, found time especially hard to pass at the moment. How she wished she could just close her eyes and fall asleep, so that by the time she woke up, the day would be bright and sunny once more. 
But that was obviously not the most appropriate thing to do at the moment. 
She had never been afraid of anything, and she had always been a direct and straightforward person. Even so, she kinda understood in this instant what it meant to want to dig a hole and bury oneself in it. 
Her gaze drifted about erratically. She looked at the ceiling with her arms hanging by her side and nudged Pete with her hand to get him to break the silence. 
Pete: “…” 
By then, Pete and Cherry had already communicated a great deal with each other with their eyes.
Pete looked at Cherry: ‘What do we do now?’ 
Cherry’s big eyes blinked: ‘I don’t know, either!’ 
Pete held his hands up helplessly: ‘The tyrant looks so calm, but the calmer he is on the outside, the angrier he is on the inside!’ 
Cherry also glanced at Nora: ‘Mommy also has a really grave look on her face. The more grave she looks, the scarier the decision she’ll make!’ 
Pete was terrified: ‘Surely Mommy isn’t thinking of knocking out the tyrant and taking the two of us away, right?’ 
Cherry: ‘… It’s not impossible.’ 
Pete: ‘…’ 
While the two children were communicating with their eyes, Nora nudged Pete. She curled her fingers a little, motioning for him to speak. 
Thus, Pete said, “Mommy, Daddy always brings 12 bodyguards and even 24 hidden bodyguards whenever he goes out. You won’t be able to fight your way out.” 
As soon as he said that, the room became even quieter. 
“…” 
It was as if everyone’s breathing was audible. 
Justin: “…” 
To be honest, he was also in a huge panic at the moment!
Before this, Nora hadn’t known that he was already aware of everything. In order to make the woman stay, he had deliberately kept one of the two children with him. This way, she would always stay by his side. 
But now! 
If they were to address the elephant in the room, he wouldn’t be able to continue being ‘narcissistic’! 
The woman would explain everything, and then… 
What must he do to make the woman and the children stay? 
The man, who had always been full of ideas when it came to the world of commerce, was also in a panic. Thus, all he could do was stand there with a pensive look on his face. 
Unfortunately, his expression instead gave Nora the impression that he was a very terrifying man. 
Well, that made sense. Justin would definitely be furious once he knew that one of his children had been taken away from him. It was already very impressive that he could suppress his anger and keep himself from venting it. Moreover, he hadn’t said anything really awful, either. 
When Nora, who had just thought of that, heard what Pete said, the corners of her lips couldn’t help but spasm. 
Cough. 
She would never ever admit that she had indeed been itching just a moment ago to knock the man out and then flee the country with the two children. 
In fact, an escape route had already formed in her mind that very moment. After going out, she mustn’t drive straight to the airport because Justin was definitely powerful enough to seal the airport and trains.
Therefore, she would drive to the suburbs instead, find an empty helipad, and get Lily to pilot a private jet and come over to pick them up as soon as possible! 
However, it would take Lily seven to eight hours to fly over. After all, they were too far away from Switzerland, where Lily was… Should it really be beyond Lily’s means, she would get Solo to pick them up instead. After all, he was closer to where they were. 
If not, then her only option would be to approach her aunt overseas for help instead… 
But when she heard about the 36 bodyguards, Nora fell silent and dismissed the idea. 
She had fought Justin’s bodyguards before; it was easy for her to beat one or two, but 36… Say, just how fearful of dying was that man? Did he have to bring so many people with him whenever he went out? 
While Nora was daydreaming, Justin finally spoke. “Shouldn’t you give me a reasonable explanation for this, Ms. Smith?” 
Phew… 
The weird atmosphere was finally broken. Nora breathed a sigh of relief at last. After thinking for a while about how to word the situation, she started to explain the issues with the children. She said, “… Since you’ve already seen everything, then I won’t keep it from you anymore. The reason why I have been trying to get close to you and Pete is actually…” 
But before she could finish, Justin cut her off and said, “That’s not the explanation I’m asking for. Rather, back then, why did you get pregnant with my children behind my back?” 
All the words that Nora had prepared became stuck in her throat, choking her. She was about to speak when Justin said sharply, “You’d best give me a reasonable explanation, why did you plot against me and
then run away that night?! You even bore two of my children!” 
Nora: “” 
Her mind was full of question marks! 
Which night was he talking about? 
No, wait… 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Didn’t you say that you don’t know how I became pregnant?” 
Justin lowered his gaze. “I didn’t know it was you at that time, so of course I would say that. After all, surely I couldn’t tell outsiders that a woman had plotted against me and taken advantage of me, right?” 
Nora: “” 
She pointed at herself incredulously. “I… plotted against you?” 
Justin, who was pulling a long face, replied, “Yes. Given how you were fat and ugly at that time, it can’t possibly be because I fell in love with you and plotted against you, right?” 
Nora: “” 
Was she suffering from memory loss? Or had she really been sleepwalking that time?! But she really didn’t remember him appearing in her dream! After all, given that face of his, it would have been deeply etched in her memory if she had indeed dreamed of him! 
She was about to refute him when Justin spoke again. “Tell me, woman, what exactly are you plotting by scheming against me and even bearing me two children?” 
Nora: “…”
She was speechless. 
She didn’t know what to say! 
Seemingly because she wasn’t saying anything, Justin’s voice turned even colder. “If you’re not going to explain yourself… These two children are part of the Hunts. There’s no way I will allow the Hunts’ children to wander about outside, let alone allow a woman with ulterior motives to go near my children! So, without a good reason, you can forget about ever seeing my children again!” 
He placed his hands on top of Pete’s and Cherry’s heads and took a step back with the two. 
Nora: “?” 
Her eyes darkened. 
How dare that man threaten her! Hah! 
Just as she was about to attack… 
Cherry and Pete, whom Justin was holding on to, panicked when they heard their father. 
They wouldn’t be able to see Mommy ever again? 
No, they couldn’t have that! 
Cherry immediately shouted, “Daddy, Mommy doesn’t have any ill intentions! She doesn’t have any ulterior motives, either!” 
Even though Justin, who was in the midst of a confrontation with Nora, had adopted an icy-cold demeanor on the surface, he was actually secretly terribly anxious.
Why hadn’t that silly girl taken the bait yet? 
Well, it was true that she wasn’t afraid of a head-on confrontation, after all. 
However, his precious little baby finally spoke up at this point. Justin breathed a sigh of relief inwardly, though the look on his face remained cold. “What is she planning, if not something malevolent?” 
“It’s… it’s… it’s… ” Cherry looked at Nora, and then at Justin. At last, she turned to Pete for help and asked, “It’s… What was it again, Pete?” 
Pete: “?” 
Seeing the tyrant also looking over, Pete stammered, “It’s… It’s…”
###Chapter 257: How Did She Become Pregnant Back Then?
Chapter 257: How Did She Become Pregnant Back Then? 
Pete was in a huge panic. It was simply too difficult to find a reasonable answer! 
Just as all three other people in the room were staring at him, and while Cherry was frantically giving him looks, Pete suddenly thought of the bossy CEO-type romance novels that he’d chanced upon in the past. Thus, his next few words came easily to him: 
“It’s because she ‘couldn’t help it’, and because she ‘couldn’t control her feelings’…” 
His words were rather hesitant in the beginning, but the more he spoke, the brighter his eyes shone, and the more certain he sounded. He said, “It’s because Mommy likes you! Yes, it’s exactly because of that!” 
Nora: “” 
She was about to refute him when Cherry rushed over and grabbed her hand. She looked at Justin and said, “Daddy, it’s because Mommy likes you so much that she had to do something like that. You won’t stop us from seeing Mommy in the future, right?” 
Nora: “…” 
Although they had made her the scapegoat, she did indeed want to know Justin’s opinion on the matter. 
If that scumbag took a step back as a result, it wasn’t like she couldn’t just roll with it, either… 
While she was thinking about it, the cold aura around Justin gradually subsided. He looked at her amicably and asked, “Is what they say, true?” 
Nora: “…”
She felt that since they had already addressed the matter, she might as well say it all. 
But before she could say anything, Cherry nodded repeatedly and said, “It’s true, it’s true! Mommy really likes you, Daddy! Mommy kept singing your praises before we met you! She even said that you look so cool, handsome, and tender! You’re the world’s number one hunk!” 
Nora: “!!” 
When had she ever said anything like that? 
“Cough.” Cherry’s words seemed to have given Justin quite the shock, too. He let out a low cough, looked at Nora, and said, “That’s a little too explicit of you.” 
Nora: “…” 
Never mind. 
She would just bear with it. 
She had only just quietly suppressed her annoyance when Justin asked, “But since you like me so much, why don’t you believe in marriage?” 
Nora: “?” 
Was there no end to that man’s questions? 
Her brows drew together, and a sharp look flashed across her eyes. She sneered, “There’s no correlation between liking someone and getting married, is there, Mr. Hunt? Who says non-believers of marriage can’t date?” 
Upon hearing her sarcasm and the sound of her gnashing her teeth, Justin knew at once that they had to end it here for today. Otherwise, once he angered her for real, the chances of them getting together
would become even lower. 
This was the very first time in all these years that he had fallen for a woman. He mustn’t let her run away. 
Justin feigned sudden realization and said, “I see.” 
Suddenly, Nora asked, “Since you claim that I had pestered you back then, where did I do said pestering, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. 
How would he know?! 
He didn’t even know how she became pregnant! 
That night didn’t even exist in his memory at all, alright?! 
Regardless, even if he did know, he didn’t know what the woman was thinking at that moment, so he had deliberately lied. 
However, he absolutely mustn’t give her the impression that there were loopholes in his words. Thus, he smiled and suddenly replied, “In California.” 
“Which hotel in California was it?” 
Justin gave her a seemingly amused look. “Are you thinking of reliving the moment, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora: “!!” 
She took another deep breath and tried her best to tell herself, ‘Remain calm, remain calm. Don’t get angry.’ 
At last, she said, “Just asking.”
Justin, however, stepped forward. “The past is in the past, we have to look to the future. You don’t have to keep reminiscing about that night five years ago, Ms. Smith. If you find it necessary, we can consummate right away.” 
Consummate? 
Pete and Cherry’s eyes lit up at the same time. But as soon as they wanted to speak, Nora said coldly, “No, it’s fine.” 
She gritted her teeth and spat out word after word—”I don’t find that necessary, my! God! Nephew!” 
Justin’s face instantly turned green. 
Upstairs. 
Iris and Mrs. Landis popped their heads out and tried their best to listen to the voices downstairs. 
Unfortunately, their voices were too low, so they couldn’t hear what they were saying at all. Iris looked at Mrs. Landis. “Why does the situation downstairs feel kinda weird?” 
“… It feels kinda weird to me, too. Surely there wasn’t some kind of dramatic love-hate relationship between Mr. Justin and Ms. Smith back then, right? Have they reconciled now? Ma’am, don’t you feel that what happened to Ms. Smith sounds like a tale of a pretty little wife running away with a babe in her belly?” 
“Don’t spout nonsense! Their story is much more exciting than a novel!” 
Mrs. Landis: “…”
The two listened to the voices downstairs again. Seeing that nothing seemed to be happening anymore, Mrs. Landis asked, “Should we go downstairs and get ready for dinner, Ma’am?” 
Iris nodded. “Yeah. Let’s go down and take a look.” 
However, as soon as they went downstairs, they saw Nora sitting on the sofa triumphantly with her arms folded. There was a small smile on her usually cool and distant countenance. 
Justin, on the other hand, looked livid. 
Clearly, Nora seemed to have won the confrontation just now. 
Mrs. Landis coughed and called out, “Ms. Smith, Mr. Hunt, and the two little misters. Shall we have dinner?” 
Nora got up. “Sure. I just so happen to have gotten hungry.” 
After speaking, she looked at Iris and asked, “Let’s have dinner, Sis?” 
Iris: “?” 
Why did it suddenly feel like the temperature in the room dropped a few degrees when she said the word ‘Sis’? 
She looked at Justin, who was pulling a long face, and the corners of her lips spasmed. She coughed and said, “Um, I didn’t know about your relationship with Justin previously. Considering the situation now, we…” 
“These are two separate matters,” Nora replied casually but surely, “We’ll keep the terms of address separate in the future. Mr. Hunt won’t mind, right?”
Justin replied, “… No, I don’t.” 
Iris: “…” 
The group settled at the dining table. 
Pete and Cherry sat next to each other. When they looked at the tyrant and Mommy sitting at the same dining table, they suddenly felt much more blissful than usual! 
Unfortunately, the adults didn’t feel that sense of bliss at all. 
After they finally finished dinner and the group left, Justin asked coldly, “So, Pete goes with you? And the daughter comes with me?” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief at his words. 
At least that guy didn’t ask for both children. 
Otherwise, she would really explode. 
What kind of horrible evening was this? She felt so frustrated! 
She had never felt this frustrated in her entire life! 
She nodded. “That works.” 
She took Pete’s hand after she spoke. When she was about to leave, she paused and looked back at Iris. “Don’t tell anyone else about this for now, Sis.” 
Justin paused. He was also about to tell Iris that, but unexpectedly, Nora had done it a step ahead of him.
Thus, he decided not to say anything. 
It wasn’t convenient for so many people to protect Pete while he was with Nora. Therefore, the children’s identities indeed had to be kept secret. 
Iris nodded. 
While on the way home with Pete, Nora suddenly received a text message on her cell phone. 
She glanced at it when she reached a red light, but the moment she did, she suddenly froze. 
The text message read: ‘Do you wanna know how exactly you became pregnant back then?’
###Chapter 258: The Secret!
Chapter 258: The Secret! 
When Nora saw these words, her eyes narrowed. 
It was an anonymous message. 
She picked it up casually. Before the traffic light turned green, her fingers moved nimbly to trace the sender’s number. However, she realized that the phone number had not been registered with an identity card. 
She hacked into his phone again, trying to find his location. 
In the blink of an eye, she had locked onto him! 
Position: New York! 
The exact location was near her car! 
When she saw that the red dot was less than a few meters away from her green position, the other party seemed to have sensed her tracking. The red dot flickered a few times and disappeared. 
Nora clenched her fists tightly and suddenly looked around. 
Although it was already 9 PM, there were still many cars on the road in New York. Because of the traffic lights, most of the cars behind were already blocked. 
In other words, that person’s car was also blocked inside. 
She unbuckled her seatbelt and instructed Pete, “Stay in the car.”
Hearing her grave tone, Pete nodded in understanding. “Okay.” 
He was not afraid because, on the way home, he knew that Justin had assigned a few bodyguards to secretly protect him. 
After Nora got out of the car, the car made a clicking sound and was locked up to prevent the bad guys from taking Pete away. 
Nora then ran in the direction she remembered. 
From the map, she could tell that the other party was less than 200 meters away from her. 
The car was not more than 200 meters away from her… 
She used her eyes to estimate and agilely weaved through the cars. 
100 meters… 150 meters… 
The traffic light was relatively long. It took about 90 seconds to go green, and it took her 80 seconds to locate the other party and get there. There were still 10 seconds! 
If she could not find that person, she might miss this opportunity. 
Although Justin had said that she had killed the other party back then, she had no memory of it at all. 
Therefore, even if Justin remembered that night, the two of them had still been schemed against. 
The person who had schemed against them and made her give birth to two children was a mystery. As for how she got pregnant, it was even more of a mystery. 
And the mystery was only 50 meters away.
Nora took a few steps forward suddenly. The cars beside her were already honking impatiently. There were too many cars in New York, and the roads were filled with cars. 
200 meters! 
About seven to eight cars were parked 200 meters away from her! 
She walked over quickly and knocked on the window of the first car. 
The car window rolled down and the driver looked at her impatiently. “What are you doing? Do you want to die?” 
That person’s expression was very real. It was obvious that he was a passerby. 
It wasn’t him. 
Nora walked around him and continued to walk back. 
But at this point! 
Beep! 
A car suddenly honked. Nora was stunned. She turned around and saw a black Land Rover parked two cars away from this car. 
The car window rolled down, revealing a familiar face. “Miss Smith, what are you doing?” 
This person was… Morris, Captain Ford! 
While she was in a daze, the traffic light in front changed. The cars started to move, but because Nora’s car was parked in front, this line of cars could not move. 
Seeing the two cars driving away slowly, Nora was no longer anxious. Instead, she narrowed her eyes and looked at Morris. “Captain Ford, what a coincidence. Why are you here?” 
Morris looked ahead, his cold face sharp and clear. “Miss Smith, I should be the one asking you this, right? If you stop the car, it will seriously affect the traffic rules. It will be a violation of the rules and you will be fined. Of course, if you still don’t leave, I’m afraid it will be so serious that your driver’s license will be revoked.” 
Nora was unmoved. “This is the traffic police’s jurisdiction, right? Captain Ford even cares about this?” 
Morris was expressionless, but he took out a document from the car and handed it to her. “Special Case Departments, I have the right to ask about all illegal matters.” 
Beep! 
Beep! 
“F*ck? What’s going on in front? Why aren’t you driving?” 
“Is it an accident? Or did the car break down?” 
“…” 
The other drivers started honking wildly. Some got out of the car and looked forward. 
Nora knew that she could not delay anymore, so she nodded at Morris. “I’ll leave now.” 
She looked around again but did not see any familiar cars. Then, she walked forward and followed the cars to the front.
A driver in the back had already gotten out of the car and was pointing at her nose and shouting, “What are you doing? Do you have any courtesy? Don’t you know you’re delaying us by stopping here?” 
However, when he raised her head, he could clearly see that it was a young lady’s face. This lady was also as beautiful as a fairy. Furthermore, although Nora did not smile, her apology was still considered sincere. “I’m sorry. I’ll leave now.” 
She was simply using her beauty to commit murder. 
The driver’s cursing voice became softer and warmer. “It’s fine, it’s fine. It was just a minute. Let’s go!” 
Nora got into the car and started it. The cars parked behind her then returned to normal traffic. 
On the way home, she looked ahead with a serious expression. 
Who was the person who had followed her and controlled her pregnancy back then? 
Why was Morris around her again? Was he the one who had sent her the message? 
Once or twice could be a coincidence, but so many times? What was his motive? 
Also, special department… What was that? Why had she never heard of such a department?! 
— 
At the Hunts’. 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. After thinking about it for an entire day, she finally decided to make a move. “Although they don’t admit it now, once they do, it’ll be too late for them to acknowledge it! I can’t control them in this matter, but someone can.”
Mdm. Lea was stunned. “Who?” 
Mrs. Hunt took out her phone and made a call that she had not made in a long time. The moment the call was picked up, she lowered her eyes and slowly said, “Iris, this is Mom. I’m calling you for the sake of Justin and Pete…” 
Iris’s attitude was very cold, but she didn’t hang up. Instead, she asked, “What? What do you want me to do this time?” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard the words “this time,” she instantly felt guilty, but she still hardened her heart and said, “Justin likes a woman from a small family. She definitely can’t be Pete’s stepmother! You’re probably the only person in the world who can stop him! You…” 
Before she could finish, Iris sneered and asked, “Stepmother?”
###Chapter 259: Birthday Party
Chapter 259: Birthday Party 
Mrs. Hunt paused and immediately said, “Yes, she will marry Justin to be Pete’s stepmother. Iris, you know stepmothers can’t possibly be good. Back then…” 
Iris interrupted her again. “Not every stepmother in this world is like that mistress!” 
Mrs. Hunt:  
She was stunned by Iris’ words. After thinking for a while, she tried to ask, “But what if she gives birth to a child for Justin again?” 
“Mom, I think you’re mistaken.” Iris’ voice was cold. 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
Iris said slowly, “Being a mother and being a wife is different. A mother wants her son to be better. Justin is getting married, and it’ll be good for him to have a woman to please him and take care of him in the future. Isn’t that what you told me back then?” 
Mrs. Hunt clenched her jaw. “Iris, are you still blaming me?” 
“No.” Iris’ answer was very simple. “I don’t blame anyone. If I have to say it, I only blame my bad luck.” 
As soon as she said this, she hung up. 
Mrs. Hunt looked at her phone in a daze. After a while, she sighed deeply and looked at Mdm. Lea. “She still hates me.”
Mdm. Lea looked at Mrs. Hunt and wanted to say something, but she hesitated. In the end, she said something fair. “It has been quite difficult for her all these years.” 
She had stayed at the Hunts for her son. 
However, she could not love her son affectionately. This was much more bitter than what Justin’s father had suffered. 
Mrs. Hunt sighed as Cherry’s voice came from the door. “Great-Grandmother, I’m here~” 
Mrs. Hunt immediately looked at the door in joy and saw Justin striding in with a smile. His appearance stunned her. She smiled and asked, “Why are you so happy today?” 
Justin’s expression froze as he asked, “Am I?” 
Mdm. Lea teased, “You can’t even suppress the corners of your mouth. Aren’t you happy? Mr. Hunt, did something good happen today? Tell us, so we can be happy too!” 
When Justin heard this, he thought of how he had had dinner with Nora tonight and could not help but smile again. 
Seeing that he was silent, Cherry raised her hand. “I’ll talk, I’ll talk! Daddy had dinner with Mommy tonight. That’s why Daddy is happy, right?” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
She turned to look at Justin again. 
In her impression, this grandson had always been stern. Even after signing a huge contract and earning a few hundred million, he had never smiled like he did today.
It had been five years since he last smiled like this. At that time, he had just brought Pete back. After pulling him back from the brink of death, he had done a DNA test and realized that Pete was indeed his son. 
He had hardly ever smiled like this before. 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her eyes and touched Cherry’s head. “Is that so? No wonder.” 
She suddenly looked at Justin and said, “Justin, it’s my 80th birthday in a week. We can hold a party this year, right?” 
Justin was stunned when he heard this. 
Ever since his father left and his grandfather passed away, his grandmother had been eating vegetarian food and reading Buddhism. She had never liked the liveliness of birthday parties. 
Every year on her birthday, the entire family would gather together for a meal. They had never organized a big banquet before. 
Why did she suddenly… 
However, he did not ask further and immediately agreed. “Okay. Let Mdm. Lea and Mr. Long handle the party. I’ll prepare a guest list.” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled. “Alright, invite Miss Smith over as well.” 
Only then did Justin realize that Mrs. Hunt’s birthday celebration was actually for Nora. 
However, if Nora came over, they could at least publicize their relationship so that the outside world would not have to keep guessing.
He nodded. “Yes.” 
After chatting for a while more about the details of the birthday banquet, Justin left with Cherry. Mdm. Lea stood beside Mrs. Hunt. “Mrs. Hunt, are you… trying to use this method to persuade Miss Smith to leave?” 
Mrs. Hunt’s birthday banquet would definitely shock all the influential people in New York. 
At that time, if the people from small families could not handle that scene, they would automatically retreat. 
However, Mrs. Hunt did not seem to hear this. Her gaze was only fixed on Justin at the door. She suddenly said, “Mdm. Lea, how long has it been since we last saw Justin with such a relaxing smile?” 
Mdm. Lea was stunned. 
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “Actually, how good would it be if he could smile like this every day? Even I wavered a little just now. If that Miss Smith could make him happy by marrying her, shouldn’t I give in a little?” 
Mdm. Lea understood her thoughts. She walked to her side and held her shoulder. “Mrs. Hunt, you’re not only Mr. Hunt’s grandmother, but you’re also the Matriarch of the Hunts.” 
These words made Mrs. Hunt’s expression darken. 
Yes. 
She had devoted her entire life to the Hunts. Just like back then… when her grandson was only five years old, she would definitely have favored her son more. 
However, for the sake of the Hunts, she still chased her son away and kept her grandson with her.
She was not only a mother, but she was also the Matriarch of the Hunts. 
The trace of guilt that she had felt instantly disappeared. 
She could not disregard the Hunts’ reputation just because Justin was happy for a moment. 
The Matriarch of the Hunts could not be such a lowly woman like Nora! 
She took a deep breath and suddenly looked at Mdm. Lea. “Remember to invite that lady from the Smiths over on my birthday.” 
Mdm. Lea understood what she meant and nodded. “Yes.” 
— 
The next day at the Andersons’. 
“What gift did you prepare?” 
When Melissa woke up in the morning and received the invitation, she had a headache. She complained to Mrs. Anderson, “They’re holding a special banquet for Mrs. Hunt’s birthday this year. Moreover, our relationship is different now. We can’t afford not to bring out valuable gifts. But what kind of treasure have the Hunts not seen? What can we send that would bring out new meaning and show our magnanimity?” 
Mrs. Anderson rubbed her temples as well. “I hate thinking about gifts the most, especially a gift for Mrs. Hunt. She has high standards. Sigh! But why don’t you ask Nora? She might have some good ideas.” 
It was almost noon. When Nora went downstairs, she heard Melissa say worriedly, “Nora, you’re finally awake! Mrs. Hunt’s birthday is a week from now and she has invited our entire family. What do you think we should give her?”
Birthday? 
Nora paused for a moment before smiling. “Don’t worry. I know what to give her.” 
After all, she was Pete and Cherry’s grandmother. It was only right that she did her best. 
Melissa was curious.. “What are you planning to send?”
###Chapter 260: Alchemy!
Chapter 260: Alchemy! 
Nora slowly said, “Isn’t the most common thing in our Harmonia Pharmacy, medicine?” 
Melissa: “” 
Nora yawned. “Aunt, lend me a room in the pharmaceutical factory.” 
Melissa immediately nodded. “No problem!” 
After Nora had lunch, Melissa brought her to the Andersons’ pharmaceutical factory. 
The Andersons’ pharmaceutical factory was in the suburbs of New York. It looked very big and neat inside. When they walked in, they could smell the fragrance of medicine. 
Sheril was here all year round. When she heard that they were here, she immediately welcomed them. “Mom, Sister, the empty laboratory is ready.” 
Melissa nodded. “Then I’ll go back first. You guys can prepare.” 
She was a little worried. 
The best medicine the Andersons had right now was the Carefree Pill. However, the pill had a price, and it was mass-produced. It was a big gift to give someone else 20 pills, but to Mrs. Hunt, it was only a few thousand dollars. 
Was Nora’s medicine okay as a present? 
She was a little worried.
There was only a week left. She had to find something good so that Nora’s pill wouldn’t be looked down on and she wouldn’t have to take it out to save the situation. 
Therefore, Melissa went out early and returned late every day. She went to various auction houses to look for various gifts. 
In the laboratory. 
Nora only did the preparation work and did it for half a day. It was only at night that she finished preparing all kinds of things. 
Sheril, who had been helping from the side, asked curiously, “Sister, what medicine are you going to make?” 
Nora thought for a moment and replied, “Calming Pill.” 
Mrs. Hunt’s brain was filled with bruises and lumps. If she took the Calming Pill for a while, it would be very effective. 
Sheril immediately let out a sigh of relief. “Calming Pill? Our Harmonia Pharmacy has many of them, and they’re very cheap. Just take some… No, the Calming Pill formula doesn’t have these ingredients?” 
The Calming Pill didn’t have so many herbs? 
Just as she thought about this, she heard Nora say slowly, “Yes, it’s Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.” 
Sheril was stunned. “Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?” 
The legendary Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill? 
There were many types of Calming Pills.
However, Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill was definitely the best! 
It was said that this Calming Pill was offered to the emperor in ancient times. It was similar to a Tao priest refining pills. The prescription was extremely complicated, and the herbs used were also very expensive! 
Even with the current high level of technology, this pill was still very difficult to refine. Up until now, Dr. Zabe was probably the only one in the world who could refine one or two pills. 
However, Nora actually knew how to make Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill? 
She swallowed. “Sister, I heard that only one or two pills can be produced in a furnace. How many do you plan to give?” 
Nora glanced at her. “Who said that only one or two pills can be produced in a furnace?” 
Sheril: “” 
Dr. Zabe said so! 
He had personally refined a batch three years ago and only produced one finished product. It had ruined a lot of medicinal herbs, causing his heart to ache so much that he never refined it again! 
Nora rolled her eyes. Master could not perform well because he was old and could not control his behavior well. 
This kind of problem would not happen to her. 
However, the process was a little long and needed three days and four nights. With all this time, she might as well sleep. Therefore, she had not refined it over the years. 
She said nothing.
Sheril decided not to speak anymore. She just looked at the expensive herbs Nora took over, with an aching heart. 
There was an old manager at the pharmaceutical factory in Harmonia Pharmacy. He was also an old pharmacist and could be considered Sheril’s master. At this moment, he stood outside the door and happened to overhear their conversation. 
He waved Sheril over. 
Sheril walked out. 
The old pharmacist frowned and reprimanded, “Sheril, you guys are too reckless!! Are these hundred thousand dollars of herbs going to be wasted just like that? How can she possibly refine Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?” 
Although Sheril’s heart also ached for the money, when she heard her master’s words, she hurriedly explained, “Master, Sister Nora was the one who gave us the Carefree Pill formula. So even if money is wasted, it’s nothing. My father and mother definitely won’t feel the pinch.” 
The pharmacist sighed. “They only look at money, but do you only care for money too? Do you know how much the 500-year-old ginseng she took is worth now? We could only buy one or two from the entire country. This isn’t a matter of money at all, okay? Don’t you feel bad that she wasted it?” 
Of course, her heart ached! 
Now, everyone was growing ginseng artificially. Most of it was just decades old, and it was rare to find one that was centuries old.
These two 500-year-old ginsengs had been preserved by Harmonia Pharmacy. They could be considered the treasure of the store, and were priceless! 
People had been asking for 500-year-old ginseng for a long time, but they still could not get one. 
After all, most of the older ones had been sent to the auction. The value of ginseng had already far exceeded the medicinal value. Harmonia Pharmacy would not auction them. Most of the people who could auction them were like the Smiths and Hunts. But how could such families sell ginseng to Harmonia Pharmacy? 
However, to make Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill, one needed ginseng that was this old! 
Actually, if it could be made, this ginseng would definitely not be wasted. After all, the Calming Pill was much more valuable than the ginseng itself. 
The problem was! 
Dr. Zabe had only managed to refine one pill in a furnace. Could Sister Nora succeed? 
The old pharmacist suggested, “Although other herbs are expensive, we can still buy them. Can you talk to your sister and exchange that ginseng for a 100-year one?! If she fails, we’ll only lose money!” 
When Sheril heard this, she fell into deep thought. 
After a moment, she shook her head. “Master, Sister Nora’s kindness to the Andersons is too great. I can’t say anything about it.” 
The old pharmacist was instantly furious. He pointed at her forehead and scolded, “You, you’re really a blockhead! The Andersons have fallen this far because none of you know how to make drugs! You’re
wasting herbs!! Even with a Carefree Pill, if you continue to be so willful in the future, you’ll eventually go downhill!” 
Sheril argued anxiously, “Master, you can’t say that. What if Sister Nora really manages to master it?” 
The old pharmacist had been working with the Andersons since he was young and had never attended school. He had learned the skills from an older generation and was loyal to the Andersons. At this moment, he was furious. The more he cursed, the more unpleasant he became. He took advantage of his seniority and said, “Dr. Zabe could only produce one pill. How can she master it at such a young age? Stop bragging! If she can master it, I, I won’t need any salary in the future! But if she can’t, you have to listen to me in the pharmaceutical factory in the future!” 
When Sheril heard this, her eyes turned red. 
She knew that her master was trying to put her in her place. 
Ever since she came to the pharmaceutical factory, she had been using the introduction of new alchemy skills. Her master had been dissatisfied with her long ago, but she was the owner, and her master could only listen to her. 
Now, he wanted to use this matter to have the right to speak in the refinery! 
She took a deep breath.. “Okay!”
###Chapter 261: Mr. Hunt’s Girlfriend
Chapter 261: Mr. Hunt’s Girlfriend 
Sheril thought about it very clearly. Last time, Nora had helped her slap Rachel’s face at the ball. She had to protect her no matter what. 
When her master heard this, his expression changed. “You, how can you be so stubborn?!” 
He was old, so what was the use even if he had the right to speak at the refining factory? All of his concern was only the Andersons. 
Those words earlier were just to make Sheril hesitate, but this girl did not hesitate at all. She was too disappointing! 
He reached out in anger, about to say something, but he coughed violently. 
Sheril hurriedly took a step forward and held his arm. “Master, I know you despise me for being your superior. If you want the power to speak, I’ll return it to you!” 
Her master said with heartache, “Why do I need the right to speak? How many years can I stay in the pharmaceutical factory? I should have retired long ago!” 
When Sheril heard this, she realized that she had misunderstood her master. Her heart ached even more. “Master, I’m sorry…” 
The old pharmacist pounded his chest. “Sheril, you’re too naive. Do you think my heart really aches for the 500-year-old ginseng? My heart aches for the Andersons’ foundation!” 
“Our pharmaceutical factory can work with confidence if this ginseng stays here! You, you guys are such a waste!” 
The old pharmacist stomped his feet in anger. 
Sheril’s eyes turned red as well. “Master, Sister Nora’s Carefree Pill can be considered as saving Carefree Pill’s life. Even if we lose this ginseng, we’ll look for more. In the future, if we have money, we can buy it at a high price at the auction.” 
When the old pharmacist saw that she was still stubbornly protecting Nora, he instantly waved his hand in anger. “Alright, alright. I’ll sit here and see how she wastes the ginseng!” 
Sheril looked at his pained expression and sighed. 
She knew that some things were very important to the elders. Those concepts had already been ingrained in her bones and could not be changed. 
She sighed and sat beside the old pharmacist. “I’ll watch with you…” 
In the laboratory, Nora did not know about the argument outside. At this moment, she was looking at the medicine. Actually, when she was overseas, it was a little difficult to refine pills. After all, there were fewer traditional medicines available overseas. 
She held the 500-year-old ginseng and sighed silently. 
This ginseng was too small. 
If she had known earlier, she would have gone to her master, Dr. Zabe, to get some more ginseng. As an imperial physician, Dr. Zabe did not have many other things, but he still had some ginseng. 
She shook her head slightly and cut the ginseng into pieces.
When they saw her cut it off so casually, Sheril and the old pharmacist outside felt their hearts ache. 
The old pharmacist nagged. “Look, how is she cutting the ginseng? It’s too wasteful, too wasteful! Sheril, go in and see if you can pick up some ginseng roots. They’re still useful!” 
Sheril: “…” 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Ian was still staying in the VIP ward of the hospital. He had already been transferred out of the ICU and was not worried about his life for the time being. 
At home, his adopted daughter, Yvonne, who was also the only girl in the Smiths’ generation, was playing the violin. After the song ended, Rachel, who was standing beside her, instantly applauded. “Miss Smith’s piano skills are really getting better and better!” 
Ever since Miranda’s maiden family had almost gone bankrupt, her status in the Woods had been even lower. This led to her constantly being reprimanded by her father at home. Furthermore, she was always forced to go to the Andersons and learn from her aunt, Melissa. 
But how could she possibly go over there? Therefore, she could only run toward the Smiths now. 
Yvonne was a famous daughter of a wealthy family in New York. She was talented, and when she was with Yvonne, her father would not scold her even if he found out. 
When Yvonne heard her words, she lowered her eyes and smiled. “Did you fight with your father again?”
Rachel pursed her lips. “Yeah. He keeps criticizing me for everything. He wants me to change this and that. Isn’t it because he thinks Sheril is too good? How can Auntie’s daughter be better than me? No matter how strong she is, she’s only working in the Andersons’ pharmaceutical factory. She doesn’t behave like a girl at all!” 
Yvonne tidied her long hair and smiled. “Fathers love their daughters the most. Can’t you just wheedle your way?” 
However, Rachel pursed her lips. “That’s someone else. I seriously suspect that I’m not my father’s biological child. Otherwise, why would he be so strict with me? How can my biological father always pick on me!” 
The words “biological” pierced Yvonne’s heart like a needle. 
She lowered her eyes to hide her displeasure. She still had a friendly smile on her face as a light flashed across her eyes. Suddenly, she said, “Stop talking nonsense. By the way, I heard that the last dance was not very enjoyable?” 
At the mention of the dance, Rachel instantly became furious. “Isn’t it because of that country bumpkin who came back from the countryside? I didn’t expect her to dance well, but unfortunately, no one has come to propose marriage to her yet. Did you know? Her mother fooled around outside and was pregnant before she was even married. She made such a big scene just to attract attention and find a good family. But how could they possibly like her?”\ 
She was about to continue when the butler walked in. “Miss Smith, the Levins are here.” 
The Levins? 
While Rachel was in a daze, Yvonne had already stood up with a smile. “Please come in.”
Then, a middle-aged woman in her forties walked in. 
She looked ordinary. Her face was fair and tender, and she was chubby. When she smiled, she looked very likable. 
Rachel asked, “This is?” 
Yvonne explained, “Her mother-in-law is Mrs. Hunt’s current housekeeper, Mdm. Lea.” 
The most famous people in the Hunts, apart from Justin and a few members of the main family, were the Hunts’ internal and external butlers. 
The butlers of such families were raised with them from a young age. They were very loyal and reliable. 
Now, Mdm. Lea’s family was also working in a company under Hunt Corporation and was treated very well. 
But why was Mdm. Lea’s daughter-in-law, whom everyone called Mrs. Lewis, at the Smiths? 
While Rachel was in a daze, that person had already walked over. “Miss Smith, I just came over for a little chat today. Please excuse my intrusion.” 
With that, Mrs. Lewis sized Yvonne up. 
Yvonne sat up straight and placed her hands casually on her lap. She looked like a daughter of a wealthy family and was very appropriate. Mrs. Lewis praised her in her heart and said jokingly, “By the way, my mother-in-law said that she heard a joke at home a few days ago. Our Mr. Hunt actually found a girlfriend outside…” 
Yvonne’s expression froze at those words, but her expression remained calm.
Rachel was stunned. “Who is it?” 
Was there really a woman in New York that Justin liked? Did she know her?
###Chapter 262: Medicine Success
Chapter 262: Medicine Success 
Mrs. Lewis was not angry when she saw Rachel interrupting. She continued to smile, and answered, “It’s the daughter of the Andersons, Nora.” 
Rachel: “” 
Her eyes narrowed as she shouted, “Impossible!” 
Her intense reaction covered Yvonne’s clenched fists. Mrs. Lewis looked at her in confusion. “What’s wrong?” 
What could they do? 
Yvonne seemed to have thought of something and said with a calm expression, “This is the person you were talking about earlier, the one who stole the limelight at the ball, right?” 
Rachel: “” 
She felt as if she had been slapped hard as her cheeks heated up. 
They had just said that even if she was in the limelight, no one wanted her. Even now, no one had come to propose marriage. But how did she suddenly find such a powerful boyfriend? 
Impossible! 
Mrs. Lewis was stunned. “What do you mean?” 
Obviously, she did not know.
Yvonne didn’t want to leave an impression of her saying bad things behind her back, so she smiled helplessly. “It’s nothing. I’m just saying that this lady danced well.” 
After hearing the praise for Nora, Rachel was indeed angered. “What? Miss Smith, even if you don’t talk about her behind her back, you can’t leave such a wrong impression on the Hunts. Mrs. Lewis, let me tell you. Nora is someone who hates marriage! After she was picked up by the Andersons from a small place, she found an opportunity to sneak into this year’s ball. Did you know? In order to show off her dancing skills and surprise everyone, she even danced men’s steps! Everyone knows about this! She’s simply trying her best to be in the limelight. She’s doing this so that she can quickly find a man to marry! Did you misunderstand something? How can Mr. Hunt like someone like her?” 
Mrs. Lewis did not expect to hear such words. She immediately said excitedly, “Is that so? Miss Wood, hurry up and tell me the details…” 
Rachel began to add fuel to the fire. She told them what had happened that day, omitting her coercion and Sheril’s grievances, of course. She created an image of a woman who loved to show off. 
Hearing those words, Yvonne slowly picked up her coffee cup and drank with a faint smile. 
After Rachel finished speaking, she said, “Alright, Miss Wood. Don’t talk about others behind their backs.” 
Rachel pouted. 
Mrs. Lewis seemed to be in deep thought. She did not expect this to happen. Therefore, words like Mr. Hunt had yet to win over Nora, and that Miss Smith didn’t take a liking to Mr. Hunt, were all fake! Nora was indeed playing hard to get! 
Why did the smart Sir fall for her!
Mrs. Lewis was a little anxious. She had to hurry back and tell this news to her mother-in-law before she told Mrs. Hunt. 
However, no matter how anxious she was, she did not forget her mission today. After smiling at Rachel, she looked at Yvonne. “Miss Smith, my mother-in-law asked me to tell you to treasure the opportunity at the birthday banquet.” 
Her words made Yvonne blush. 
She lowered her head and said awkwardly, “But didn’t you say earlier that Mr. Hunt already has a girlfriend…” 
The Hunts and the Smiths were both interested in a marriage alliance. After all, although the Smiths and the Hunts had competed in the past, the times were different now. A marriage alliance obviously had more benefits. 
This was also one of the important reasons why Ian had adopted Yvonne. 
The elders of the two families had tacitly agreed. 
When Mrs. Lewis heard this, she patted Yvonne’s hand. “Sigh, their relationship isn’t confirmed yet. Who in New York knows about it? Besides, she’s just a girlfriend now… You should prepare yourself properly! This is a rare opportunity. Besides, even if it’s not Sir, you should find someone…” 
Although there was a ball every year in New York, it was always a gathering of youngsters. 
This time, Mrs. Hunt was suddenly holding a big birthday party. The elders of each family would definitely be attending as well. It was the largest party in recent years. 
If she could shine at this banquet, she would definitely amaze everyone.
Yvonne lowered her head, her ears turning red. In the end, she nodded. 
After Mrs. Lewis left, Rachel leaned over to Yvonne. “Miss Smith, is this the Hunts’ intention?” 
Yvonne smiled without saying anything. 
Rachel immediately shook her arm. “You must work hard. You must not let that Nora really become Mrs. Hunt! Her family background is so bad. How can she compare to you? You’re the eldest daughter of the Smiths!” 
Yvonne sighed. “I’m not the real Eldest Miss.” 
“So what?” 
Rachel’s tone was very aggressive. “Look at New York, who dares to say that you’re not the real eldest daughter? Besides, who in the Smiths dares to slight you?” 
Yvonne’s long eyelashes concealed the coldness in her eyes. 
Slight her? 
Wasn’t she doing exactly that right now?! 
If she was the real eldest daughter of the Smiths, why would she interact with people like Rachel?! 
However, Yvonne did not say that. 
She smiled and asked, “But what can I do?” 
Rachel immediately said, “Of course you can impress them with your gift! Other than performing on the talent show, you have to bring out a valuable gift and shock the entire audience!”
She gritted her teeth and said, “The most important thing is that you must beat Nora! Although she has the same surname as you, how is she worthy of the surname Smith? In the end, she’s just a niece of the Andersons! Even if she’s the eldest daughter of the Andersons, she’s just a drug seller! Miss Smith, you must think of a good gift…” 
The drug seller… 
Yvonne’s eyes flashed. “What’s good or bad? Whether it’s valuable or not isn’t important. I’m just worried about Mrs. Hunt’s health. I heard that she just underwent an operation on her head a while ago… I’ll get my brother to help me find some suitable medicine.” 
The only thing the Andersons could offer was medicine. 
However, the medicine that the Smiths had found was definitely exceptionally good. 
When the two compete, the difference in strength would be obvious. 
— 
Two days later. 
In the laboratory of the Andersons’ pharmaceutical factory. 
Sheril and her master had been here for two days. For the past two days, the woman in the laboratory had not slept a minute. 
During this time, other than Sheril sending in some food, Nora never left the laboratory. 
Bam!
Suddenly, there was a loud sound in the laboratory. 
Both of them immediately stood up and looked in through the glass window. They saw white smoke coming out of the alchemy furnace. 
Master stomped his feet. “Oh no! She failed!” 
Sheril was stunned. “What?” 
Master said, “Back then, I saw Dr. Zabe make medicine. At the moment Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill was formed, it emitted black smoke! The white smoke must mean failure!” 
He was heartbroken. “You two prodigals! My 500-year-old ginseng! It’s really wasted!” 
However, just as he finished speaking, he saw…
###Chapter 263: Drug Seller~
Chapter 263: Drug Seller~ 
In the laboratory, Nora opened the alchemy furnace. Even though there was a door between them, a strong fragrance of medicine rushed over. It made people feel energized the moment they smelled it. 
This fragrance… 
He cleared his mind, sweeping away the fatigue he had felt after waiting for a few days. The old pharmacist had once smelled this scent. It was… Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill! 
Back then, when Dr. Zabe had refined it, he had been present and had even helped him… 
How could it be, though?! 
Miss Smith’s refinement process was completely different from Silvester Zabe’s. Although the ingredients used were the same… 
Sheril did not understand this, but when she saw her master saying that she had failed, her heart instantly ached. However, the first thing she wanted to do was to comfort Nora so that she would not feel guilty or sad. 
Just as she was about to say something, she saw her master suddenly push open the door and rush in. 
Sheril was shocked. She hurriedly followed behind and grabbed the old pharmacist. “Master, what are you doing?” 
It was already sad enough that Nora had failed in her refinement. If Master said anything unpleasant, how would Nora endure it!
She then looked at her master’s expression and saw that he was indeed agitated and unable to control himself. She immediately said, “Master, um, calm down. Calm down a little…” 
The old pharmacist’s lips trembled. “Move away. I can’t calm down!” 
He wanted to witness the birth of Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill! 
However, Sheril did not give in. What if Master made a move? She could not let Master hit Nora! She coughed. “Master, although Nora has failed, it’s not very uncommon. She might succeed next time!” 
The old master: “There won’t be a next time!” 
Sheril knew that her master was furious. “Yes, yes, there won’t be a next time. Our factory doesn’t have 500-year-old ginseng anymore. Don’t be angry…” 
The old master was anxious. “That’s not what I meant. Hurry up and move aside. Let me take a look. She succeeded in making a few!” 
Sheril: “Master, you can’t hit Nora. Let’s just say the ginseng was wasted as my… what?” 
Stunned, she turned around suddenly. “How many… How many did she succeed in making?” 
The old master then pushed her away and rushed in front of Nora. They looked inside the alchemy furnace together… 
Previously, Dr. Zabe had succeeded in making one. This time, the fragrance of Nora’s medicine was so strong. There should be more successes, right? 
At this thought, he looked into the furnace and froze. His eyes widened as he muttered in disbelief, “How could this be? How could this be…” 
Sheril also rushed over. “Master, what’s wrong? How many did she succeed in making? One? Two?”
The old master’s lips trembled. “No, no…” 
“Then…” 
The old master’s eyes were already in a daze. 
The pills in the alchemy furnace were so dense that his eyes were blurry. He could not count them at all. 
As he continued counting, he heard Nora’s clear voice. “256.” 
“…” 
The entire alchemy lab was silent. 
After a while, Sheril said with a trembling voice, “They were all successfully refined?” 
The old pharmacist also looked at Nora in a daze. 
Nora looked at the two of them and raised her eyebrows. She smiled in amusement. 
She continued to take the refined medicine out of the furnace at a moderate pace and placed it in a paper box she was carrying with her. 
At this moment, she heard the old pharmacist roar, “You, stop!” 
Nora: “?” 
She paused for a moment. The old pharmacist’s fingers trembled as he pointed at the ordinary paper box in her hand. “You… you’re using this box to store the medicine?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What else would I use?”
The old master was furious when he saw her nonchalant look. “Just you wait!” 
He ran out and quickly returned with two precious boxes. However, when he looked into the furnace, there were only half the pills left. 
Nora hugged two paper boxes and said, “Leave this half to Harmonia Pharmacy. I’ll take the rest.” 
With that, she waved at Sheril and the old master before leaving. 
The old master: “…” 
Can’t she just find a nicer box?! 
— 
At the same time, Yvonne had personally arrived at the Zabes’. 
Silvester Zabe was already old in age and could not get out of bed. He sat in the wheelchair and received her. “Miss Smith, may I help you?” 
Yvonne smiled. “I came here to buy a medicine from you.” 
Silvester’s wrinkles covered his original appearance, making him look unapproachable. His voice was terrifyingly old. “What medicine?” 
“Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.” 
Yvonne smiled. “I heard that you refined one, three years ago.” 
Silvester lowered his eyes. “Oh, I already used it at that moment.” 
Yvonne was stunned.
Silvester’s son hurriedly explained beside him, “My father had a sudden stroke two years ago. When he was in a coma, we gave it to him.” 
Hearing his words, Yvonne sized up Silvester. 
He was already very old and must be in his eighties, almost ninety. She’d seen people who’d had a sudden stroke at this age. Most of them had their heads tilted, their mouths drawn back in grins, and drool dripping from their mouths. They wouldn’t live long. 
However, Silvester was clear-headed. Besides being unable to move, he did not look like he had suffered a stroke at all. 
Then Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills were indeed powerful! 
She was even more determined to give Mrs. Hunt this medicine. 
The Andersons must be thinking to give her precious medicine, but to Mrs. Hunt, no matter how good the medicine was, it could not compare to the Calming Pill. 
Just think about it. If Nora gave her a box of Carefree Pill at the banquet, although everyone would be envious, if she could take out a Calming Pill, she would definitely be able to suppress Nora! 
She smiled. “I’ll pay a million dollars.” 
Silvester shook his head. “I don’t have any pill.” 
His son smiled as well. “It’s not about money. It’s about the stock.” 
Yvonne was still smiling. “Two million dollars.” 
“…”
“Two million dollars.” 
“…” 
Silvester’s son gulped. 
What kind of medicine could be sold for two million dollars? That was enough to buy one’s life! 
He looked at Silvester and said, “Dad!” 
Silvester closed his eyes. “It’s useless to ask me. My legs are no longer working well. Even if I have money, I can’t make them anymore.” 
Silvester’s son sighed, his family was in need of money lately. He begged, “Father!” 
When Silvester saw his son like this, he felt that he had really owed him in his previous life. He could only say, “Ask my disciple.” 
The son’s eyes immediately lit up and he said to Yvonne, “Wait a moment.” 
He took out Silvester’s phone, found his disciple’s number, and dialed it..
###Chapter 264: Marriage of the Smiths and Hunts
Chapter 264: Marriage of the Smiths and Hunts 
The call was picked up quickly, and a clear female voice greeted him respectfully. “Teacher, is something the matter?” 
Silvester’s son knew that his father had a direct descendant, who was a woman, but he had never seen her before. However, the two of them had already spoken on the phone many times. 
He coughed. “Sister, it’s me.” 
“Oh… Is something wrong?” 
Silvester’s son said, “I have someone here who wants to buy Zabe’s Calming Pills at a high price. Do you have time to help me refine one?” 
The other party’s voice was lazy. “Master wants to sell it?” 
Silvester’s son nodded. “Yes, the other party has offered two million dollars.” 
Nora was speechless. 
Among the herbs needed to refine the Calming Pill, only the 500-year-old ginseng was more valuable. The rest added up to a few ten thousand dollars at most. That ginseng alone could be bought at an auction for one million. 
Who was this retard, spending two million dollars to buy medicine? 
She had completely forgotten that Silvester had only refined one pill in the past. If this matter were to spread, wouldn’t the one pill be worth millions?
She yawned. “I just finished a batch. I’ll give you one.” 
Silvester’s son immediately said, “I’ll split the money with you.” 
“No need.” Nora originally wanted to say nothing, but she suddenly remembered that she had used the 500-year-old ginseng from Harmonia Pharmacy. She simply said, “Give me a 500-year-old ginseng!” 
It indeed took such old ginseng to refine the Calming Pill. 
His father had only managed to refine one pill. 
If he gave her only one, what if she failed? 
Therefore, he immediately said, “Alright, I’ll give you two!” 
“Okay.” 
Nora said, “I’ll get someone to send it to you later.” 
“No problem.” 
At this moment, Nora was on the way back to the Andersons. After receiving the call, she called Sheril and told her Dr. Zabe’s address, and also the reward for the pills. 
When Sheril’s master heard this, he volunteered to deliver the medicine without hesitation. 
Before leaving, he was still mumbling, “I wonder how much a pill can be sold for. Our 500-year-old ginseng was really precious…” 
Sheril smiled. “You’ll know when you get there.” 
An hour later.
A pill wrapped in foil and placed in an exquisite iron box was sent to Silvester’s house. 
The old master was aged and strictly devoted to the Andersons’ pharmaceutical factory, so not many people knew him. 
Yvonne took a glance and mistook him for Dr. Zabe’s direct disciple. 
Silvester’s son took the pills and handed the old master a box. “This is the agreed-upon fee.” 
The old master took it and turned to leave. 
After leaving Silvester’s house, the old master opened the box. “Such good medicine. I wonder what the cost is…” 
Just as he was thinking, he saw two 500-year-old ginseng lying quietly in the box. One of them looked even better than the one Nora had used! 
The old master was speechless. 
His hands trembled as he carefully hugged the box. At the same time, he muttered in his heart, “Oh my God, I really made a killing this time! I picked up a treasure!” 
— 
In the hospital. 
After buying the medicine, Yvonne returned to the Smiths. 
During dinner, Ian was still hospitalized and did not go home. However, the monthly family dinner continued as usual. 15 to 16 people gathered at a round table. 
Quentin was a secret figure in the Smiths. Very few people in the family knew him, so he had never participated in such family gatherings. 
Joel hugged Mia and fed her patiently. 
When Yvonne saw this, she smiled. “Joel, Mia is too thin. She should eat more.” 
Mia’s arms and legs were thin. She immediately said, “I know how to eat a lot!” 
With that, she continued eating. 
Joel caressed her head. 
Brandon was very dishonest when he ate. He sat beside Mia and kicked her from under the table a few times, and then accidentally turned over a cup. 
Brandon’s father, Warren, could not help but scold him. The family at the table was harmonious. 
Suddenly, Warren said, “Why is Mrs. Hunt suddenly hosting such a grand banquet?” 
The moment he said this, everyone at the table looked at Joel. 
Joel said calmly, “I haven’t heard.” 
Everyone was relieved. 
Warren smiled. “Then let’s go. By the way, Yvonne, have you prepared a gift?” 
Yvonne smiled. “Yes, I have.” 
Warren nodded. “Yes. I think this banquet might have been arranged to let you and Justin meet again. Wasn’t it just to matchmake the two of you many years ago?”
Yvonne lowered her head with her face red. “Warren, we’re eating. Stop talking.” 
Warren laughed. “Haha, are you still shy? Yvonne, what’s wrong with that? Although you’re not a biological daughter, we grew up together and everyone treats you as their real sister! You don’t have to be afraid. Although the Hunts faintly surpass the Smiths by a little, this is also the reason why Joel didn’t compete. Our families are already on equal footing! Besides, Justin has a son. As the only daughter of the Smiths, you’re not unworthy of him at all! Don’t feel inferior!” 
Yvonne was speechless. 
He was really rubbing salt into her wound. 
Was it appropriate to say such things in public?! 
However, she did not dare to lose her temper. She smiled and nodded. “Yes.” 
Warren asked again, “Have you prepared a gift?” 
Yvonne smiled. “Yes.” 
Warren asked curiously, “What is it? This gift must be presentable! If our families are to be united through marriage, we must be on par.” 
Yvonne nodded. “I’ve prepared a Calming Pill.” 
Warren frowned instantly. “Can a simple pill be presented as a gift? Isn’t it common on the streets?” 
The others looked at Yvonne.
Being looked at by so many people, Yvonne took a sip of the soup and smiled. “It’s the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.” 
Warren was stunned by her words. “Oh my god, you actually bought the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill? This gift is really enough!” 
The others also praised, “Yvonne is indeed worthy of being raised by Uncle Ian. Her taste is really different! This gift is superb! No amount of treasures can compare to this kind intentions!” 
Yvonne smiled and did not speak. She looked carefully at Joel, only to see him frowning and looking at her. 
For some reason, her heart skipped a beat. She carefully asked, “Joel, is my gift not appropriate?” 
Joel retracted his gaze and said calmly, “It’s okay.” 
Yvonne sighed in relief, but she heard him say, “But it seems like Justin already has a girlfriend.” 
Warren was stunned to hear this. “He has a girlfriend? How can he have a girlfriend? Didn’t we agree on a political marriage?” 
Joel smiled. “It can be considered a political marriage..”
###Chapter 265: Bringing Her Back To The Smiths!
Chapter 265: Bringing Her Back To The Smiths! 
Justin’s girlfriend was Nora, and Nora was a Smith. What was that, if not a political marriage? 
However, Joel’s voice had been very low, so the others didn’t hear him clearly. Warren asked, “What did you say, Joel?” 
Joel coughed. “It’s nothing.” 
Warren nodded. “Yes, our families have already agreed on the political marriage, so Justin has to take someone from the Smiths as his wife. How can he go back on his word like that? And make Yvonne wait for him for so many years in vain?” 
Joel glanced at Warren when he said that, but didn’t say anything. 
As for Yvonne, she lowered her head and said, “Don’t say any more, Warren. Let’s have dinner first.” 
After dinner, everyone left indignantly. Yvonne was about to go upstairs when Joel stopped her. He said, “Yvonne.” 
Yvonne walked up to Joel obediently and called out respectfully, “Joel.” 
Joel said dispassionately, “Regarding the Hunts, I’ve already told you Justin’s stance a few years ago. You said at the time that Justin didn’t have a girlfriend and you weren’t in any hurry to find a boyfriend, and so, it dragged on just like that. But now that he has a girlfriend, what are your thoughts on the matter?” 
The Hunts and the Smiths were originally planning a political marriage between Justin and Yvonne.
In fact, they had brought it up before when the two were eighteen years old. Pete didn’t exist at that time yet, but Justin had nonetheless rejected the idea. 
However, because he was concerned that it would embarrass Yvonne, he had discussed it privately with Joel instead. 
Joel had subsequently relayed the message to Yvonne, so that she wouldn’t waste time on it anymore. 
As Yvonne hadn’t looked for a boyfriend all these years, and since Justin didn’t have a girlfriend, Joel didn’t announce the decision at home, thinking that there might still be possibilities between the two of them. 
Therefore, Justin hadn’t done anything to let Yvonne down at all. It was just that the rest of the family didn’t know about it. 
Yvonne’s eyes flickered when she heard him. She lowered her head and said, “I will do as you say, Joel.” 
She knew that Joel had always been someone extremely protective of his own. 
When she said back then that she wasn’t going to look for a boyfriend for the time being, he had immediately understood what she meant. It was just that they couldn’t force Justin into anything, so the situation had dragged on till now. 
But someone had intercepted her in the end instead. 
Although Joel looked as if he was always smiling, and was amicable and easy to get along with on the surface, Yvonne knew just how domineering a person he was deep down. 
As long as his younger sister—even if just a titular one—was still part of the Smiths, no outsider was allowed to bully her!
Therefore, Yvonne was confident that Joel would think of a solution for her—or at least, he would break Justin and Nora up. 
In the midst of her beautiful daydream, Joel instead said unhurriedly, “In that case, don’t pursue it anymore. As they say, you can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink. You might as well use this opportunity to take a look at other people.” 
Yvonne: “?” 
She lifted her head abruptly and looked at Joel in disbelief. 
For a while, she couldn’t quite control the expression on her face. 
How did this… 
Her fists balled up. It was only a moment later that she finally said, “I… I’ll do as you say, Joel.” 
Joel nodded. 
He stared at Yvonne for a while, which made her ask hesitantly, “Is there anything else, Joel?” 
Joel retracted his gaze, a touch of disappointment flashing across his eyes. “No, there isn’t.” 
Only then did Yvonne turn and leave. 
After turning the corner and entering her room, at last, Yvonne couldn’t maintain the expression on her face anymore, and a savage air came over her entire self. 
Joel wasn’t going to help her… Wasn’t it just because she wasn’t related to the Smiths by blood? 
They painted such a nice and pretty picture for the outsiders, but at the end of it all, they didn’t treat her as family! 
A furious Yvonne hurled the things in her hands onto the floor. 
Someone knocked on her door at this moment. 
Yvonne hurriedly sorted her emotions and opened the door to find Warren standing outside. He looked at her and asked, “Did Joel say that he’ll think of something for you, Yvonne? We can’t do anything to Justin, but it’s not like we can’t do anything to his girlfriend, either, right?” 
Yvonne bit her lip. She smiled and chose not to deny his statement. Instead, she replied, “Don’t bother yourself with this anymore, Warren. Joel knows what he’s doing.” 
Warren, however, shook his head. “That won’t do. I can’t just laze about and do nothing at home every day, either. Leave it to me! Hmph, just wait and see at the party! I will make Justin’s little girlfriend regret it!” 
Yvonne gave him a grateful look. She said, “You treat me too well, Warren!” 
“Tsk, this is nothing. I already told you a long time ago, even though we aren’t blood-related, I really see you as my younger sister. Also, since you’re a Smith, there’s no way I’ll allow anyone to bully you!” 
“…” 
Warren returned to his room after talking to Yvonne. Brandon’s mother, aka Warren’s wife, asked, “How did it go?” 
Warren sighed. “Her eyes were all red. I knew it, there’s no way a girl won’t be affected.” 
His wife sighed. “Yeah. Help your little sister out, then.”
From the previous generation onward, there were only sons in the Smiths. She knew that her husband had always wanted a younger sister, but unfortunately, his five uncles simply hadn’t had any daughters at all! 
Later, Ian adopted Yvonne. 
Although Yvonne didn’t interact much with the rest of the family, she was simply too popular in this sister- deprived family! 
Warren sighed. “Why are Dad and my uncles such big failures? It’s all their fault that I don’t have a younger sister! The same also goes for your belly. Let’s work hard and have a daughter, dear. You don’t know how envious I am whenever I see Joel carrying Mia!” 
His wife: “…” 
— 
In the hospital. 
Joel informed Quentin about the affairs at home when he came to visit Ian. 
Quentin fell silent for a while after hearing about it. At last, he heaved a huge sigh and said, “At the end of it all, it’s still because she isn’t Uncle Ian’s daughter. To think she’s actually giving the medicine to someone else as a gift instead of giving it to Uncle Ian… Rather than Mrs. Hunt, who’s in the pink of health, it’s Uncle Ian who’s in greater need of that medicine!” 
This was also the reason why Joel had been displeased with Yvonne. 
Although she wasn’t related to them by blood, her adoptive father was currently hospitalized. Yet, she had spent so much money to buy medicine just to show off. What was the point of doing something like
that? 
He cast his eyes down dispassionately. “Forget it. Let’s just marry her off and send her away.” 
Quentin nodded. Then, he said, “The Smiths and the Hunts are about to work together on a collaboration project, but it’d be best if the two families can solidify their relationship through a political marriage first. Should we acknowledge our little sister at the party and bring her back?” 
“What little sister are you talking about!” Joel reprimanded, “So long as Uncle Ian doesn’t say the word, that little sister doesn’t exist for us!” 
Quentin curled his lips disdainfully. ‘Mr. Teen With Grandiose Delusions’ sneered, “I refuse to believe you don’t want a little sister!” 
Joel: “…” 
The two men’s voices were a little loud. When they turned, they saw that Ian had already woken up at some point. Just as the two of them were a little taken aback, Ian sat up and said, “Is it a birthday party? I’ll attend it, too.” 
Joel and Quentin exchanged a look. Both of them had understood. 
Uncle Ian had ultimately thought it through in the end—he was intending to take the opportunity to acknowledge her and bring her back to the Smiths!
###Chapter 266: The Birthday Party!
Chapter 266: The Birthday Party! 
Time flew. In the blink of an eye, it was time for Mrs. Hunt’s birthday party. 
The Hunt manor’s gates were wide open. All sorts of things were being delivered to the manor even before dawn. All the servants were terribly busy, and the entire manor was up to their ears in work. 
It had been a very long time since the Hunts last held such a big party, so everyone was busy at work. 
Even Chester, the game addict, had been dragged back home as an extra pair of hands. He stood there and directed everyone in the kitchen in their work. He happened to see Justin walking out with Cherry when he turned. He went after them at once and asked, “Where are you going, Justin?” 
Justin glanced at him, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye gleaming with a chilly shine. “Do I have to report my itinerary to you?” 
Chester shrank back. “Of course not.” 
He looked at Cherry curiously. “Where are you guys going, Pete?” 
“To Mommy’s!” Cherry replied. 
Chester looked at the two boxes in Justin’s hands. “What are you guys delivering?” 
“A dress, of course!” 
Chester: “?” 
Had the Andersons become so poor that they couldn’t even afford a dress for Nora?
— 
Elsewhere, Yvonne looked at herself in the mirror. 
Her blue gown set off her porcelain-like skin, making her look very beautiful. 
When she came down the stairs, Warren complimented her. “You look great today, Yvonne!” 
Yvonne smiled at him but said nothing. 
Warren went over to her and said, “How is it? I’ve already asked around for you—Justin is wearing blue today, so you two can wear matching outfits now!” 
At the mention of blue outfits, Yvonne hesitated for a while and then said, “I heard that Gucci has an haute couture handmade gown called the Blue Enchantress. It’s a finished product made by a famous designer. That gown…” 
Warren waved and said, “Tsk, I’ve already been there to borrow the gown, but they didn’t give it to me. A gown like that is the brand’s signature item and a treasure; there’s no way they’ll lend it to anyone. The blue gown that you’re wearing is also very famous. It only loses out to that one by a little.” 
Yvonne uttered an “oh”. 
Wasn’t it all because Warren’s status wasn’t high enough that he hadn’t managed to borrow it? Had Joel been the one to ask, they would definitely have lent it to her. What a shame! 
“Where’s Joel?” she asked. 
Warren shook his head. “I don’t know, he only told us to set off from home. Seems like he’s visiting Uncle Ian before he goes over.”
It was only when he mentioned Ian, that Yvonne suddenly realized that because of the party, it had been quite a few days since she went to the hospital to visit him, so she didn’t know how her father was doing. 
Brandon took after Warren, and both of them were very simple-minded and innocent. Therefore, Warren didn’t notice her displeasure. He and Yvonne stopped talking when they reached the cars, and they got into their respective cars. 
As soon as he got in the car, Warren’s wife remarked, “Why do I feel like Yvonne isn’t very happy that you didn’t manage to borrow the Blue Enchantress for her?” 
Warren waved at once. “Surely not?” 
His wife said with displeasure, “I don’t think she would do that, either. You can’t even bear to let me wear that dress she’s wearing, so what does she have to be dissatisfied with when you’ve already given it to her? There isn’t any girl in New York who has more prestige than her right now!” 
Warren laughed at his wife’s words. “Are you jealous?” 
Was there any way she wouldn’t be? 
But her husband’s entire family was so protective of their little sister that she couldn’t say that, either. 
Warren’s wife smiled and said nothing. Her eyes, however, flickered a little. To be honest, she had actually asked the brand about the Blue Enchantress—they had already loaned it out to someone. 
She didn’t need to tell her husband that, though. 
Since his younger sister didn’t know her boundaries and was always trying to one-up her sisters-in-law… Well, she wasn’t someone that easy to mess with, either.
— 
At the Andersons’. 
“How about this?” Sheril offered Nora an haute couture gown that she had never worn before. 
The party was held too hastily. It took at least a month for a brand to make an haute couture gown, so Nora hadn’t ordered one but just casually bought a formal dress. 
However, when Sheril came back, she insisted that it undermined her status, so she took out her own gown and offered it to her instead. 
Nora waved. “No, it’s fine. I’m really don’t mind…” 
Just as she was thinking about it, Melissa’s voice traveled over from downstairs. 
“Mr. Hunt?” 
Nora raised her brows. 
She went down the stairs to see Justin placing two small boxes on the sofa. He said, “I’m here to deliver a gown.” 
The man was wearing a black suit today. He also had a beautiful blue tie on, making him look even more dashing than usual. 
Melissa nodded at once. “Is the gown for Nora? Quick, Nora, go upstairs and try it.” 
Nora: “…” 
She went down but didn’t pick up the gown. Instead, she said, “Does anyone give a gown as a gift? It’s not like you know my measurements.”
“Why wouldn’t I?” Justin smiled and said, “I know all of Ms. Smith’s measurements. After all, we’re lovers, aren’t we?” 
Nora: “!!” 
His words were too suggestive! 
Sure enough, Melissa, who was next to them, covered her smile with her hand. She pretended not to hear them and instead urged, “Hurry up, go upstairs and try it!” 
Nora was about to refuse when Cherry jumped out and said, “Mommy, I’m gonna wear a dress today! Ours are matching outfits~ Where’s Pete? Let him go back with Daddy. I wanna be with Mommy, yeah!” 
Matching outfits? 
The rejection became stuck in her throat when she heard what Cherry said. She nodded and said, “Okay, then.” 
By the time Nora took Cherry’s hand and went up the stairs, Pete had also gone downstairs and left with Justin. 
In the living room, Simon stared blankly at the two children leaving. He looked at Melissa and asked, “Justin is Cherry’s father? This… I still can’t believe it. This feels like a dream.” 
In order to prevent the Andersons from being astonished when they saw the Hunts’ little mister at the party, Nora had told them the truth the day before. 
Melissa smiled and said, “Are you still in shock? I was so stunned when I saw Cherry at the Hunts’ that day! I knew it, why would Cherry’s personality fluctuate every once in a while? I even thought at one point that she was schizophrenic!”
Simon didn’t speak. 
After the few of them changed into formal attires, they went back downstairs. Melissa was startled when she saw the blue gown on Nora. She murmured, “That gown…” 
“What’s wrong?” asked Simon. 
Melissa shook her head. “It just… looks a little familiar to the eye.” 
— 
“Wow, the gown Ms. Smith is wearing today is so gorgeous! I didn’t think that someone could make blue look so pure and innocent!” 
“You don’t get it, do you? Ms. Smith’s gown was designed by the famous designer Campt! It’s worth over $100,000!” 
“I’m so envious of Ms. Smith. As the only daughter of the Smiths, her family treats her so much better than how the Hunts treat their daughters!” 
“…” 
Yvonne heard compliments from all around her the moment she got out of the car. An elegant smile formed on her face. She held her gown up a little and headed to the Hunts’ party hall in her high heels. 
She must be the focus of the crowd on all occasions—this was what she had learned from her experience over the years. 
However, when she was about to reach the entrance, a big black jeep slowly drove into the manor..
###Chapter 267: The Blue Enchantress
Chapter 267: The Blue Enchantress 
The car park in the Hunts’ manor was filled with luxury cars. 
There were also many international limited edition cars. The jeep was simply too inconspicuous among them. 
Thus, no one paid any attention to whose car it was at first. 
Yvonne was walking toward the hall. She had only taken a couple of steps when she suddenly heard someone calling out to her, “Ms. Smith!” 
She looked back and saw Rachel walking over with Miranda. 
Rachel said something to Miranda. Then, she left her side and came toward her. As soon as she approached, she touched her gown and remarked with a smile, “So, you were the one who borrowed this gown! You look so good in it! You’ll definitely outshine everyone at the party tonight!” 
Her voice was rather loud, causing everyone around them to look over. 
Yvonne was a little displeased. 
The Smiths were particular about low-key luxury and disliked such ostentatious behavior in public the most. She preferred private discussions, so Rachel had gone a little too far by saying that to her in person. 
She said, “I just chose it casually. Your gown is also very beautiful, Ms. Wood!”
Rachel, who knew what she was like, made nothing of the comment. She said, “You don’t have to be so modest! No one is blind here. Besides, this dress is also very well-known in the circle. With the exception of the Blue Enchantress, there’s probably no other dress that can compare to this one!” 
Yvonne lowered her gaze. She smiled and said, “Let’s go in.” 
“Nah!” 
Rachel grabbed her arm with a smile and said, “I just saw the Andersons’ car. If you wait here for a while, they’ll definitely come. When the two of you stand together, anyone who isn’t blind will be able to see who the prettier one is! You can also let Mr. Hunt see for himself that he has picked the wrong person!” 
Yvonne was a little taken aback at her words. “Is Nora Smith not good-looking?” 
Rachel hesitated. 
Nora’s fair and flawless countenance, large and beautiful almond-shaped eyes, as well as her small palm-sized face that seemed even more beautiful than a celebrity’s, appeared in her mind. 
She coughed and replied guiltily, “She’s passable, I guess, but the way she carries herself is kinda subpar. She’s usually in jeans and t-shirts, and looks really sloppy. That also goes for the way she walks because she doesn’t lift her feet when she walks. My mom has always taught me that I mustn’t drag my feet when I walk. The way she wears her shoes is as if she’s wearing slippers. It’s really ugly!” 
The more Rachel said, the more convinced she was by herself. She said, “Have you ever seen people from the countryside that come to the cities to study? She carries herself exactly like those hillbillies! She doesn’t have an elegant disposition or strong aura around her at all. So what even if she’s a little good- looking? Is there anyone in families like ours who only cares about how pretty one’s face is?” 
A few people nearby came toward them while she was talking. Upon hearing what she said, they asked in surprise, “Who are you talking about?”
Rachel smiled and replied, “It’s Nora Smith! You know, the one from the Andersons… By the way, the live-stream about her caused quite the uproar the other time. Did you guys see it? To think they talked about their household affairs in public… Seems like they don’t care about embarrassing themselves at all!” 
“Oh, are you talking about the same Nora Smith whose father turned out fake after kicking up all that fuss?” 
“Yeah. Speaking of this, my family doesn’t really understand, either. For people like them, you can just get rid of them by giving them some money, and the matter will be resolved. Why make such a fuss in public together with them? Even though they clarified everything in public in the end, wasn’t it embarrassing for the Andersons all the same? Even though her adoptive father is indeed a problematic man and is too greedy, it’s true that her mother had also gotten herself pregnant before marriage…” 
“Did you know? I heard that her mother was a famous socialite in New York back then… The wives of the wealthy hated her the most. She was especially beautiful and also very skilled at seducing men, so she was involved with almost every young man among the wealthy families at that time. She was the public enemy of all the wealthy ladies in New York back then!” 
“…” 
Rachel felt very smug at the sight of how everyone’s comments were becoming more and more ridiculous. She said, “Yes, that’s the one!” 
“Is she also attending the party? Is she using the invitation to the Andersons to attend? The Andersons are already down-and-out! Yet she’s still coming… She sure thinks really highly of herself!” 
“Hey, let’s ignore her later, okay?”
“I don’t want to talk to someone like that!” 
“…” 
The few young wealthy ladies who got along well simply spared no effort to badmouth and gossip about other people once they came together. 
Yvonne’s lips slowly curled into a smile as she listened to them. 
The group of girls chatted noisily as they stood at the door. After talking about Nora, they shifted the topic back to Yvonne’s gown and paid her a great deal of compliments. 
“So what even if her mother had been a very glorious existence back then? In the end, she still married someone in a small town instead. How could she possibly compare to the Hunts or the Smiths…? Just look at how gorgeous and expensive Ms. Smith’s gown is when she’s just attending a party… No matter how impressive her mother was, can she find her a better gown?” 
“Exactly. No matter how amazing her mother was, it’s not like she passed it down to her, right? Otherwise, why didn’t she find a boyfriend like Mr. Hunt?” 
“Ms. Smith and Mr. Hunt are a match made in heaven! When are the two of you getting engaged, Ms. Smith?” 
Everyone in the wealthy circle had already heard the rumors that the Smiths and the Hunts were planning a political marriage. They’d originally thought that the two of them would get engaged when they were eighteen, but unexpectedly, nothing had been set in stone yet even after so long. 
Although Justin had an illegitimate child, he didn’t get married during all these years, nor was there any news of the child’s biological mother. Yvonne didn’t get married, either, so everyone thought that both parties were still waiting for a suitable opportunity.
Yvonne, however, lowered her gaze at the question and said nothing. 
Irritability welled up in her. 
They were simply too gossipy, and were practically rubbing her nose in it! 
Rachel, who noticed Yvonne’s annoyance, interrupted them with a smile. She said, “The Hunts and the Smiths’ affairs aren’t something that you guys should be asking about. After all, that’s a union between two big families… Let’s not ask any more! I just saw the Andersons’ car arrive. My cousin and Nora Smith will be coming over in a while. I’ll point her out to you guys later!” 
“Yeah, okay!” 
“I also wanna see just how beautiful this daughter of the ‘public enemy of all the wealthy wives of New York’ can be!” 
“Even now, my mother still gnashes her teeth in fury whenever she talks about Yvette Anderson. She says that my father had a crush on Yvette Anderson back then, and that Yvette Anderson was his unattainable dream…” 
While they were chatting noisily, Rachel looked into the distance and said, “They’re coming!” 
Everyone followed her gaze and looked over. 
The woman walking in the forefront was wearing a pink dress. Her shoulder-length bob made her look very youthful and peppy. She was walking over arm in arm with a middle-aged woman wearing a gown full of classical charm. 
Sheril was obsessed with the laboratory, so she rarely attended parties.
Young women who didn’t usually dance wouldn’t attend the dance party the other time, so someone had mistaken her for Nora. She looked at Sheril and said, “Is she the one in the pink dress? Although she looks pretty cute, she doesn’t look that astounding. Besides, her dress is so meh~” 
But as soon as she said that, Sheril suddenly turned around, revealing the woman behind her…
###Chapter 268: Public Enemy
Chapter 268: Public Enemy 
The woman was sashaying over in a pair of crystal high heels. 
The blue gown on her set off her thin and slender waist, which looked as if one could hold her with just one hand. 
Her straight hair, casually draped behind her, fluttered in the air along with her movements. 
Beside her, a little girl wearing a small mask was also dressed in a similar blue princess dress. She bounced around while holding her hand. 
They were an exquisite sight in the Hunts’ manor! 
The people waiting at the door were stunned, and all of them looked at them in disbelief. 
The few women who were clamoring just a moment ago said in surprise: 
“That dress… It’s the Blue Enchantress!” 
“Oh my god, who is she? Doesn’t she walk too beautifully? Her movements are obviously so big when she twists and turns her hips as she walks, but how does she still make it look so charming? She’s too gorgeous!” 
“Which family is she from? Why is the kid she’s holding wearing a silver mask? She’s so cute! Is she her younger sister?” 
“…”
Rachel was totally stunned while everyone was singing praises of Nora. 
She stared at Nora incredulously, feeling like her eyes must be playing tricks on her. Was she actually that hillbilly and bumpkin of a woman who was always wearing jeans and white T-shirts, and walked as though she was still half-asleep? 
Wasn’t her gait a little too graceful?! 
Even she found it difficult to go against her conscience and say she didn’t look good! 
All around them, every man’s eyes were on her. It was obvious that Nora had become the center of attention! 
When did such a big beauty appear in New York?! 
That was the thought on everyone’s minds. 
Even Yvonne was a little stunned. However, because she knew Sheril, she didn’t mistake her for anyone else. Instead, she stared at Nora in shock. 
She had only heard her name prior to this, but she was the purported hillbilly that Rachel mentioned? 
There was practically no need for any comparison! Even with the distance between the two of them, it was obvious who had won—or at least, that was the case in terms of what they were wearing! 
She bit her lip in anger and glared at Rachel. For once, she couldn’t hold herself back and she said, “So, that’s the Nora Smith you were talking about?” 
That one line from her was enough to enlighten everyone there. 
All of them looked at Nora in unison. The same thought simultaneously formed in everyone’s minds in this instant—if she looked anything like her mother, then it was no wonder that her mother was the public
enemy of all the wealthy wives of New York back then! 
Given her looks, which man would be able to resist her? 
Especially with the way her hips twisted when she walked… Although she was doing it on purpose, it simply looked too beautiful! 
However, Nora, who was ‘twisting her hips on purpose’, was actually complaining while she was walking at the moment. “What kind of shoes are these? Aren’t they a little too slippery?” 
Cherry supported her Mommy carefully to prevent her from tripping and falling down in public. Now, that would be a terrible sight. She piped up in her adorable voice, “Beauty comes at a price, Mommy!” 
The crystal heels were a perfect match with the blue gown, but because crystal heels were a little more slippery than ordinary heels, Nora couldn’t really walk very well in them. As a result, she could only twist and turn her hips from side to side as she walked! 
Nora tried to put up with it, but in the end, she still bent over, intending to take off the heels and hold them instead. What kinda lousy shoes were these?! She wasn’t gonna wear them anymore! 
But as soon as she bent over, Sheril grabbed her hand. “There are so many eyes on you right now, Nora! You’d better not do anything unsightly! Otherwise, it’ll be really embarrassing!” 
Nora: “…” 
She silently endured the heels for a while longer. In the end, she gritted her teeth and said to Cherry, “Get your father to prepare a normal pair of heels for me! Otherwise, I’m going to go around barefooted later!” 
Cherry took out her cell phone at once. “Okay, Mommy! I’ll contact Daddy right away!”
Just like that, they swaggered through the crowd and came to the entrance of the hall. They were about to enter the party hall after registering when they suddenly heard a shrill voice. 
“Nora Smith!” 
Nora and Sheril looked over to see Rachel staring at the former. She looked her gown up and down and demanded, “W-who borrowed that gown for you?” 
Nora glanced at her coldly, disinterested in even speaking to her. 
She scoffed and said nothing. 
Sheril asked, “Oh, you’ve also come, Rachel? Shall we go in together?” 
She didn’t want anyone to know that Justin had borrowed it for them. Should the Hunts hear of it, they would surely look down on Nora! 
As Nora’s family, they must have pride! 
Rachel completely ignored Sheril and stared only at Nora. “Say it, how did you manage to borrow that gown? With the Andersons’ reputation, there’s no way you can borrow it!” 
In a brainless move, she then pointed to Yvonne and added, “Even Ms. Smith only managed to borrow that gown she’s wearing, so why should you be able to borrow the Blue Enchantress?” 
Nora raised her brows. “I went to the store to borrow it, I suppose?” 
Rachel: “…” 
Of course she knew that she had borrowed it from the store, but was that what she was asking about?
Before she could say anything else, Melissa had already registered at the gift reception table at the door. She said, “Alright, let’s go in. Rachel, are you going in with us, or are you going to continue playing here? Or, shall I ask your father here to come over and bring you in?” 
Regardless of what was going on at home, they were in public at the moment. Rachel kicking up a fuss like that was an utter embarrassment! 
Rachel swallowed. “You guys can go in first, Aunt Melissa. I’m having fun here with Ms. Smith!” 
Melissa nodded. 
Nora, however, glanced at the ‘Ms. Smith’ Rachel had mentioned… 
She was wearing a blue gown similar in color to the one she was wearing. Strictly speaking, their outfits had clashed with each other’s. However, the Blue Enchantress’ design was clearly a little more high-end. 
She looked rather bright and charming, and she carried herself gracefully. She stood there quietly with a gentle smile. 
Nora asked curiously, “Is she Ian Smith’s daughter?” 
She had once heard that although Ian stayed single his entire life, he had adopted a daughter. 
So, she was Ian’s adopted daughter? 
As soon as the thought formed, Sheril leaned toward her and explained softly, “Yes, her name is Yvonne Smith.” 
Yv… onne… Smith… 
Nora suddenly felt rather awkward when she heard the name. 
To be honest, despite everything that had happened, for her mother to have a man who loved her that much, it seemed like that was enough for her whole life. 
Sheril couldn’t help but say, “Mr. Smith is a devoted man.” 
The two of them had already entered the hall while they were talking. 
However, Yvonne had overheard their conversation. 
She bit her lip hard. Then, she took a step forward, went to the gift registration room, and looked around. Sure enough, she saw that the Andersons had given pills as a gift. 
As for what kind of pill it was, it was not specified. 
But it definitely wasn’t as good as the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill she was giving. 
Now that she had lost in terms of dressing, she mustn’t lose in terms of gifts! 
With that in mind, she looked at the person at the registration counter and asked, “What kind of medicine did the Andersons give?”
###Chapter 269: The Official Announcement Is Coming!
Chapter 269: The Official Announcement Is Coming! 
All the birthday gifts had to be registered, lest the host couldn’t tell who gave what in the end. 
All those who wanted to take the grand birthday party’s opportunity to curry favor with the Hunts had already sent a lot of valuable gifts a long time ago. 
The person in charge of registering the gifts had already long since become numb to the great number of valuable gifts. Thus, he replied, “A box of pills.” 
Box? 
Yvonne let out a low laugh. 
The more precious a medicine, the more they were counted by the actual number of pills—after all, even a single pill was hard to come by. 
Yet they had given a whole box of pills… 
Their gift was probably Carefree Pills, right? 
The Carefree Pill’s current market value was $3,000 per pill. Even if they gave an entire box of it, how much could they possibly add up to…? 
Yvonne let out a sigh of relief and said, “My gift is a pill.” 
The person in charge of registering gifts looked up at her. “Okay, I’ve noted it. What kind of precious pill is it, though, Ms. Smith?”
The question was purely out of his own curiosity. 
Yvonne smiled and answered, “It’s the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.” 
Thud. 
The person in charge of gift registration dropped his pen on the table. His voice also suddenly rose in volume as he repeated, “The Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?” 
Rachel, who was standing behind Yvonne, also heard them. At once, she became even more surprised, and her voice became even louder. “The Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?” 
Her words made everyone look over. 
Upon sensing their envious gazes, Yvonne raised her chin a little, and she felt like she had finally regained her confidence. She said simply, “Yeah.” 
Then, she headed to the party hall. 
The people at the door were already sighing in admiration. “The Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill… She sure is generous!” 
“Yeah, that pill is really hard to find now! The Smiths are probably the only ones that can get Dr. Zabe to make one more these days!” 
“The Smiths are worthy of their name as a top-notch giant, indeed! As expected, they only do great things! The box of pills that the Andersons gave are probably Carefree Pills. In comparison, that’s nothing to be envious of anymore…” 
The Andersons’ Carefree Pills had already made a name for themselves. To be honest, a box of it was actually a presentable gift.
But compared with the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill, it was ultimately still inferior. 
Yvonne was delighted by their comments. 
But a short while after she cheered up, her friends behind her started talking to one another softly again. 
“Why didn’t the Smiths manage to borrow the Blue Enchantress when they’re so powerful, though? After all, Yvonne loved showing off the most during all the parties in the past!” 
“Yeah, the brand won’t loan us the Blue Enchantress if we try to borrow it, but they definitely won’t dare to offend people like the Hunts and the Smiths if they ask for it! How did the Andersons manage to borrow it instead…?” 
“By right, that shouldn’t be the case. The Smiths are a top-notch family. Isn’t it a cinch for them to borrow a gown if they want to?” 
“… Don’t say any more. She’s ultimately just an adopted daughter. If she were a real Smith, how would she possibly fail to borrow it…” 
Their words made Yvonne clench her fists tightly. 
Not a real Smith… Indeed, it was because she wasn’t a real Smith that they had rejected her when she went to borrow the gown. 
But had Joel personally made the request himself, they definitely wouldn’t have dared to refuse! 
At the end of it all, it was still because she wasn’t related to the Smiths by blood. 
Yvonne lowered her head. Her friends were still talking to one another softly. 
“Ah, I remember now. Nora Smith was at the dance party this year, but she had only tied up her hair and worn a pantsuit that time. She’s simply beautiful in her outfit today!”
“Why do I feel like she looks even better than Ms. Smith…” 
“No, wait, shouldn’t Ms. Smith and Mr. Hunt be the highlight of the Hunts’ party this evening instead? What is she wearing the Blue Enchantress to steal the limelight for? Could it be that…” 
“Cough!” 
Someone who saw Yvonne coughed as a reminder. 
The few of them immediately shut up. All of them were rather embarrassed when they turned and spotted Yvonne. They said, “We were just talking nonsense just now, Ms. Smith. Don’t mind us…” 
Yvonne took a deep breath. 
Of course she knew that they were just fair-weather friends. 
The moment they complained about others in front of her, she had already known that she would definitely also be the focus of their complaints. 
There wasn’t anyone who didn’t talk about others behind their backs, nor was there anyone who wasn’t talked about behind their backs. 
She had long since become accustomed to it after so many years. 
She smiled and said, “What were you all talking about just now? I didn’t hear anything.” 
The few of them breathed sighs of relief at once. Then, they started to flatter her again. “We were talking about how inappropriate Nora Smith’s behavior is. You’re definitely the star of the occasion tonight, so what is she trying to steal the limelight for? Those who didn’t know better would have thought she had some kind of special relationship with the Hunts!”
“It’s only because Ms. Hunt is studying abroad, so she isn’t in the States right now. Otherwise, how would she, of all people, possibly get to wear the Blue Enchantress…” 
“Exactly. Isn’t it exactly because she’s looking for a good man to marry that she’s dressed up so nicely and attracting so much attention? But I heard that she got herself pregnant before marriage, so she has a daughter! The little girl she was holding just now is her daughter!” 
“What? Who would still want her when she already has a child?” 
“That’s why, girls. She must be having a hard time finding a life partner after having a child, so she can only dress up a little more beautifully to cover up that shortcoming of hers. Just take a look at all the boys over there; aren’t they all blind and bewitched now?” 
“… Hmph, it’s useless even if she’s bewitched them all! Their families would never agree to it! It’s basically next to impossible for her to marry into a good family.” 
“…” 
Nora, the topic of everyone’s discussion, was currently surrounded by a group of men. 
Although she had been the highlight at the dance party the other time, she had ultimately dressed rather coolly in a pantsuit, so she didn’t look as stunning as she did today. 
Everyone had gathered around her. Some were introducing themselves, while some were trying to sound her out. 
Nora, who didn’t know them at all, found them very annoying. 
She broke into a frown. By then, Sheril was already saying, “Sorry, everyone. Nora and I are going to the side to rest for a while. You—”
“Are you going to the sofa over there? Sure, we can accompany you two there. Is Ms. Smith feeling unwell? Shall I help you over?” 
“Let me do it instead, Mr. Simmons. After all, your arms have held too many girls before!” 
“What do you mean by that? Do you think you’re that innocent yourself?” 
“Of course I’m not. It’s just that the number of girlfriends I’ve had is fewer than you…” 
“Neither of you are innocent enough. Don’t let them fool you, Ms. Smith. How about letting me help you over instead?” 
“…” 
The men started to argue with one another, causing everyone around them to look over and frown. 
All of them were relatively flirtatious young men from wealthy families. They usually fooled around a lot, and seldom did anything decent. The moment they spy on a beautiful woman, they can’t move away anymore. 
With them surrounding her, Nora’s reputation wouldn’t fare any better! 
Sure enough, Yvonne’s friends started to insult her again. 
“Look at that vixen. Isn’t her blatant seduction act a little too low-class? She definitely won’t be able to find a good boyfriend!” 
The corners of Yvonne’s lips curled into a smile as she waited for Nora to make a fool out of herself.
But right at this point, Justin, who should be making an appearance later instead, suddenly appeared in the party hall!
###Chapter 270: The Strongest Socialite?
Chapter 270: The Strongest Socialite? 
Justin was a key figure. Although his appearance had come out of the blue, he nevertheless attracted everyone’s attention. 
Everyone looked at him. 
Yvonne’s eyes lit up the moment her gaze landed on him. 
Justin was undoubtedly the most attractive man in New York. He was also the goal that she had set for herself ever since she was a child. The reason why she had never had a boyfriend all these years was that she had made strict demands of herself using what Justin’s woman would do as a benchmark. 
Even when news of him suddenly having a child reached the Smiths five years ago, she had only hidden herself in her room and secretly cried, but still forgave him in the end. 
After all, men were all Casanovas that couldn’t control their lower bodies. 
She had also thought of treating the child well after she married Justin. An illegitimate child definitely wouldn’t be able to inherit the Hunts, but she could still have hers and Justin’s future son treat him a little better. Giving him a little more money and assets would also highlight how magnanimous she was. 
But Justin’s delay in going to the Smiths to propose marriage had made her a little anxious in recent years. After all, she was already 25 years old. The engagement, marriage, and other procedures would take at least two years. By then, she would be old! 
Although Justin had already said that he wouldn’t marry her when he was eighteen, he had still stayed single for so many years. In addition, the illegitimate child’s mother had never once made an appearance, either. It was said that Justin disliked her so much that he never even once mentioned her.
Therefore, she believed that Justin must be waiting for his child to grow up first. 
Was he worried that she would abuse his child? 
Yvonne wasn’t that kind of person, but she couldn’t say that to Justin, so she could only continue to wait for him helplessly at the Smiths. 
It was only at the annual parties that she could even take a few looks at him from a distance. Even when she went forward to say hi to him, his eyes never seemed to ever stay on her. 
She was already the most outstanding woman in New York, though. If even she couldn’t catch Justin’s fancy, then it was impossible that anyone else could! 
She stood where she was calmly. Her friends beside her were already exclaiming. 
“It’s Mr. Hunt, Ms. Smith! Oh my goodness, is his sudden appearance in the party hall because of you?” 
“Isn’t that obvious? Of course, it’s because of Ms. Smith! Do you think he’ll show up because of you? Look, Mr. Hunt is coming over!” 
“… Mr. Hunt is so handsome. Quick, go to him, Ms. Smith!” 
Yvonne didn’t speak, but her eyes were shining brighter and brighter. 
She took a step forward and gazed at Justin with rosy cheeks. Then, the crowd watched as Justin walked past Yvonne and headed straight toward where Nora was a short distance away. 
Yvonne’s expression froze instantly. 
She clenched her fists tightly.
Her friends were even more shocked. 
“Where is Mr. Hunt going?” 
“But Ms. Smith is here! Could it be that he isn’t…” 
Someone gave the woman speaking a push. Only then did she realize that she had said the wrong thing, and she hastily shut up. The rest said, “Mr. Hunt must have something he needs to do! There are simply too many people at the party today, so maybe he has some instructions he needs to give, or maybe he saw a business partner and is going over to say hi!” 
“That’s right. Situations like this aren’t appropriate for romance, either. After all, work takes top priority…” 
Their words made Yvonne bite her lip. But when she saw Justin going nearer and nearer to where Nora was, her heart suddenly sank. 
Rachel knew that Nora was Justin’s girlfriend, but she wasn’t optimistic about the two of them. She leaned toward Yvonne and whispered, “I’m sure Mr. Hunt is just fooling around with Nora… Don’t mind them.” 
Fooling around… 
Yvonne clenched her fists, though she kept a calm and gentle look on her face. “Well, it has nothing to do with me.” 
“How can you not have anything to do with it?” Rachel kept trying to incite her. She said, “Considering Nora Smith’s background and the fact that she got herself pregnant before marriage, there’s absolutely no way Mr. Hunt would publicly admit that they are dating. It would be too embarrassing otherwise! They
definitely won’t get married! In fact, you only need to turn a blind eye, and the title of Mrs. Hunt will still be yours sooner or later, Ms. Smith!” 
Turn a blind eye… 
Not only must she tolerate him having a child, but she also had to tolerate him keeping a lover out there? 
On top of that, apart from being a little more beautiful than most, that lover of his was utterly worthless! 
Yvonne’s expression turned even more awful. 
Warren suddenly came over at this point. At the sight of her, he said cryptically, “You’re here, Yvonne…” 
A surprised Yvonne followed him to the side. 
Warren lowered his voice and asked, “Why do you look kinda unhappy?” 
His words made Yvonne glance at where Nora was again. She suddenly lowered her head and asked, “How did Nora Smith manage to borrow the Blue Enchantress, Warren?” 
Warren was chagrined at her question. He replied, “Justin must have done it. That’s the only way she could have borrowed the gown… If I had known, I would have asked Joel to do it instead!” 
Yvonne bit her lip, and her eyes reddened. 
Warren immediately asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Yvonne lowered her head. “We ran into each other at the hall entrance just now… She said that I’m not a real Smith…” 
Her words immediately misled Warren. He asked incredulously, “She mocked you just because of a dress? What makes her think she can mock you like that? Even an adopted daughter of the Smiths is
better than her! The Andersons have already fallen into decline a long time ago. Besides, she isn’t even an Anderson because her last name is Smith… It’s so off-putting how we have the same last name.” 
Yvonne didn’t speak. 
Warren sneered, “It’s okay. Don’t worry, I’ve already taken revenge for you!” 
Yvonne was startled. “What?” 
A smiling Warren said, “Why do you think so many rich second-generation heirs dared to hit on her so blatantly at a party like this?” 
Yvonne was dumbfounded. When she turned and looked over again, she saw a few more people gathering around Nora. 
No matter what, it was too inappropriate for a woman to be surrounded by several men trying to woo her, especially when the things they said were so explicit—or at least, that was how everyone saw it. 
She asked in surprise, “You’re the one behind it?” 
Warren raised his chin triumphantly. “Well, not really. A whole group of people was attracted to her looks as soon as she came in. They were originally planning to ask about it discreetly, but I said that… she’s a socialite.” 
Yvonne, “!!” 
No wonder those men had the audacity to rush over so rudely! 
Warren sneered, “They don’t know that she is Justin’s girlfriend. Neither can Justin acknowledge their relationship at an occasion like this, so he can only stew in silence and vent his anger on her now! Any man would be mad when their woman becomes involved with so many men in public, right?”
He raised his eyebrows. “Just wait and see. Mr. Hunt is definitely going over to deal with her. Who knows, he may even throw her out!” 
Yvonne didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at his words. Yet, when she thought about it, it didn’t seem entirely impossible, either.. Her eyes lit up a little and she looked over…
###Chapter 271: How Can You Get Violent?
Chapter 271: How Can You Get Violent? 
“What is Mr. Hunt doing, Ms. Smith? It doesn’t look like there’s anyone he’ll talk to over there, right?” 
“Yeah…” 
While Yvonne was watching, someone asked curiously, 
“The people there are all young rich good-for-nothings totally different from Mr. Hunt. Why would he go there…?” 
“Is it because he thinks their behavior is too inappropriate?” 
“That must be it. What kind of place do they think this is? That group of good-for-nothings and that woman should look at where they are first before they hook up with one another! Mr. Hunt values his grandmother the most. He must have become angry!” 
— 
Nora was completely unaware that she had become the focus of the women’s discussion. 
She merely watched the men swarming toward her and raised her eyebrows, feeling like something wasn’t quite right. 
No matter how frivolous they were, they weren’t people who didn’t take time and place into consideration, so why were they doing this to her? Moreover, her belief was that she did have a rather powerful aura around her. Lily always said she was an impressive person, and just a glare from her was
enough to scare Lily. When she was abroad, all the men had also kept their distance from her despite her good looks, so why would such a thing happen the moment she returned to the States? 
She narrowed her eyes. 
Next to her were also people trying to talk to her. 
“Do you know who I am, Ms. Smith? If you have time, I think we can have a chat…” 
“I met you first, Ms. Smith. Even if we are to line up to chat with you, shouldn’t I be the first?” 
“Do you like Hermès, Ms. Smith? Shall I take you to Hermès for some shopping?” 
“Hermès is so tacky! I have a villa in the suburbs. Shall I take you to visit it?” 
Their speech became more and more explicit. Even Sheril and Melissa frowned when they heard them. Why did they look like rich young men lavishing attention on and flattering a famous courtesan?! 
They were looking down on Nora too much! 
Melissa reprimanded them. “Which families are you children from?! Stop fooling about!” 
However, they instead laughed and said jokingly, “We aren’t fooling about. I meant what I said… You’re the Andersons, right? How about letting Ms. Smith have dinner with me so that we can discuss a partnership between our hospital and Harmonia Pharmacy?” 
“Ms. Smith seemed unwell, so I wanted to help. Which part of what I’m doing looks like I’m fooling about…” 
Sheril was so mad that even her cheeks had turned red. “All of you are too much! Nora doesn’t need your help! She doesn’t even want to pay any attention to any of you at all, so please step aside! We are going to rest!”
“You’re not the one who decides whether your cousin Nora wants to pay any attention to us or not. It only counts if she says it…” 
“That’s right. Ms. Smith, although you already have a child, I don’t mind at all. After all, young but mature women are more charming…” 
“…” 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned cold, and anger roiled in her cat-like eyes. 
If it weren’t because this was Mrs. Hunt’s birthday party, she would have beat them up a long time ago, yet they were actually pushing their luck this far? 
In that case, they couldn’t blame her for what came next. 
She lowered her head and flexed her wrists. Then, she said to the masked Cherry, “Go to the side.” 
Her four words alone made Cherry step back in silence. She hid behind Melissa with practiced movements and hugged her leg. 
“Don’t be scared, Cherry…” said Melissa. 
Cherry replied in her adorable voice, “I’m not scared, Grand-Aunt. I just think it’s so pitiful…” 
Melissa’s eyes reddened. “It’s okay, your mother is not pitiful. She still has us, we won’t let anyone bully or humiliate her!” 
Cherry: “?” 
She blinked her big dark eyes and said, “What I meant was that those people are so pitiful. To think they are blind enough to offend Mommy. Mommy is really angry now, and the consequences are serious when that happens!” 
Melissa: “?” 
As soon as she said that, a shadow flashed across in front of her. 
Nora had already suddenly thrown a punch at the face of the man closest to her, who was also the one who had said the most awful things out of the lot! 
Melissa: “!!” 
Sheril was also dumbfounded. 
The man who had been punched was even more dumbstruck. He had never expected the other party to suddenly attack while they were still talking. 
However, just as Nora’s fist was about to connect with the man’s face, a large and strong hand suddenly reached over and grabbed her fist, stopping her movements. 
The very next moment, a low and deep voice reached them. “You’re not allowed to hit him.” 
That voice… 
Everyone turned their heads in unison to see Justin standing beside Nora. He was holding Nora’s hand, thereby stopping her actions. 
Everyone: “” 
Everyone in the entire party hall looked over.
The man who had almost been hit immediately said, “It’s fortunate that you came here in time, Mr. Hunt. Otherwise, I would have been beaten up! How can a great beauty like you hit someone?” 
The others also echoed him. 
“Yeah, what kind of occasion do you think this is? How can you hit him?” 
“All he did was say a few words. Aren’t you being too crass if you get violent?!” 
“That woman is too savage, Mr. Hunt! Her behavior is outrageous!” 
In the distance. 
Yvonne breathed a sigh of relief at the sight. 
As expected, Justin had become angry. 
That woman sure was stupid, though. Even though they were in public, instead of trying to defuse the situation, she actually had the guts to get violent? 
A woman like her wasn’t fit to be seen in public! 
Rachel couldn’t even hide the gloating look on her face. She said, “Did you see that? I told you, women from small places are just too reckless. She’s offended Mr. Hunt!” 
Their friends also said very cooperatively, “Exactly. This is Mrs. Hunt’s birthday party, how can she get violent?” 
“Here I was, thinking that she was some kind of impressive person because she’s wearing the Blue Enchantress. I didn’t expect her to actually behave in such a low-class manner!”
“A gentleman resolves problems through words instead of violence. Doesn’t she have even the most basic common sense?” 
Justin’s actions also shocked Sheril and Melissa. Melissa frowned and defended Nora. She said, “They were the ones who provoked Nora first, Justin.” 
Sheril nodded. 
Cherry also nodded repeatedly. 
But unexpectedly, as soon as she said that, Justin said sternly, “Even so, she’s still not allowed to hit anyone.” 
Melissa: “” 
She was a little angry. 
She didn’t expect that in order to prevent an embarrassing situation, Justin actually didn’t even care that Nora had suffered injustice. 
The man who had almost been hit became even more triumphant. He said, “That’s right! If you’re unhappy, then we can just talk about it. What is the meaning of resorting to violence? You’re too much!” 
He looked at Justin again. “It’s okay, though, Mr. Hunt. I’ll let the matter pass as long as she apologizes to me. I won’t hold it against her…” 
It was only after he spoke that he realized that Justin wasn’t looking at him at all. Instead, he was looking at Nora. 
Nora’s brows were raised. She asked with a hint of displeasure, “Why can’t I hit him?”
That woman was actually countering with a question of her own? 
The man immediately sneered, “Because you should see where you are…” 
It was a shame that before he could finish, Justin had already said, “Because force goes both ways. What if it hurts your hand?” 
Everyone: “?”
###Chapter 272: Let Me Make The Introductions, This Is My Girlfriend
Chapter 272: Let Me Make The Introductions, This Is My Girlfriend 
For a while, it was as if someone had pressed the mute button for the entire party hall. 
There was no other sound aside from the soft music that the Hunts were playing. 
Yvonne’s friends next to her, the rich young men taking the opportunity to fool about, the people with actual status and influence, as well as the guests that had just entered the hall… All of them were looking at him in disbelief. 
Justin’s voice just now had neither been too loud nor too soft, but because everyone was paying attention to him in order to determine his stance, his words had reached everyone’s ears clearly. 
Everyone looked at him incredulously, and then at Nora. 
All of them were wondering the same thing—what was going on here? 
Why did the atmosphere between Mr. Hunt and Nora Smith feel kinda off?! Also, why was Mr. Hunt still holding Ms. Smith’s hand even though so much time had passed since he grabbed her hand to stop her? 
Yvonne’s friends next to her started whispering and speculating again. 
“What’s going on? Why does it look like Mr. Hunt knows that hillbilly?” 
“Why do I feel like there’s an unusual relationship between those two?” 
Along with those words, the few of them looked at Yvonne and asked, “Surely Mr. Hunt doesn’t have anything to do with her, right, Ms. Smith?”
Yvonne bit her lip. 
She lowered her head and slowly said, “I don’t know what kind of relationship the two of them share, but even if they aren’t related in any way, a host won’t stand by idly and watch as someone bullies their guest, right? After all, those men went too far.” 
Rachel was so jealous that she was almost out of her mind. She said, “Yeah, what kind of relationship can Nora Smith and Mr. Hunt possibly share? They have nothing to do with each other at all! Mr. Hunt must have just found those people’s actions too much. It’s just a shame that he doesn’t know what that woman is like!” 
The girls: “…” 
Everyone exchanged looks with one another, all of them sensing something amiss. 
Why did Yvonne look a little unhappy? It seemed like that woman’s presence was really bothering her… 
Everyone was smart here. They hadn’t thought of that in the beginning, but now… 
Could it be that Nora Smith’s good looks had also attracted Mr. Hunt? 
Just as everyone was speculating, Nora, the subject of the drama, waved and shook Justin’s hand away in disdain. Her voice was low and impatient as she asked, “If I can’t hit him, then what should I do?” 
Her shoes were too uncomfortable. She wanted to deal with the people in front of her as soon as possible so that she could change her shoes. 
Justin’s icy voice rang out. “Where’s the butler?” 
The butler in charge of the Hunts’ external affairs had already noticed Justin the instant he appeared. Upon hearing his words, he hurriedly came over. “Sir.”
Justin pointed casually at the men. “These frivolous and flippant people here… Send! Them! Out! Nicely!” 
The meaning behind his deliberate emphasis on the words ‘send them out nicely’ was very obvious. There was no way the butler could see those people out the door politely anymore. 
The butler nodded immediately. “Yes, sir.” 
With a wave from him, a few security guards rushed over. They held down the frivolous rich second- generation heirs, buckled their hands behind their backs, and dragged them out! 
The men were dumbfounded. One even shouted, “Mr. Hunt, Mr. Hunt…! What are you doing? All we did was say a few words to her… Do you know who she is, Mr. Hunt? She’s a socialite! It was mutually consensual when we chatted with each other! We didn’t force her into anything!” 
‘Socialite’… 
The word made Justin’s pupils shrink. 
He suddenly said, “Stop.” 
The security guard stopped and let go of the man. The man wasn’t from an influential family. He had come to the party by tagging along with someone else’s invitation so that he could get to know more people. 
Thus, when Warren incited them to go over, he had done so accordingly. 
He wasn’t willing to be driven out just like that. On top of that, he also had the guts to speak up. He immediately said, “Are you doing this because you’re not aware of her identity? Don’t let her beautiful appearance fool you! I heard tha—”
But before he could finish, Justin interrupted him. “Who did you hear that from?” 
The man subconsciously looked at Warren standing among the crowd, causing him to shrink back and hide behind Yvonne. 
Yvonne: “…” 
He didn’t see Warren, but he didn’t dare to drag the Smiths into this, either. Thus, the man could only say, “I… I just overheard some people…” 
“Can things that you hear through the grapevine be brought to the public?” Justin looked at the butler and said, “Find Ms. Smith a lawyer, and sue him for slander.” 
“… Yes, sir,” said the butler. 
Everyone else: “…” 
“There’s no need for that.” Nora suddenly interrupted him. Then, she lowered her voice and slowly said, “I don’t care about all this. I just want to change my shoes now.” 
Justin: “…” 
He fell silent for a moment. Then, he looked at the butler and said, “Never mind, then. Don’t sue him anymore.” 
His voice was deep and tinged with displeasure. 
The butler silently said a prayer inwardly for the man. 
If they had sued him, all he would have had to do was just pay damages for harming the other party’s reputation.
But now that they weren’t suing him anymore, the man would probably have to pay an even higher price to appease Mr. Hunt. 
The butler wasn’t the only one who understood that; the man understood it even better. 
He panicked at once. “I was wrong, Mr. Hunt. Please let me off!” 
Unfortunately, Justin was no longer paying attention to him. 
What more did he have to say to him when his girlfriend’s feet were uncomfortable? 
He waved casually. The security guards immediately dragged the men to the door… 
Once they went out the door, he would really have to pay the price for his actions! 
The man was so terrified that he yelled, “Isn’t she just a woman who looks a little better than most, Mr. Hunt? Who is she to you? Why would you protect her like that?!” 
The place fell silent. 
Everyone looked at Justin curiously. 
Yvonne clenched her fingers nervously. 
Justin wouldn’t admit it, right? After all, Nora’s status was too low; she wasn’t worthy of him at all. If he admitted it on an occasion like this, everyone would hear of it! 
Having a girlfriend in private and showing her off to everyone were two completely different things! 
Nora raised her eyebrows.
She said unhurriedly, “We don’t have anyt—” 
Before she could finish, a warm arm suddenly snaked around her waist, and her feet left the ground the next moment—Justin had picked up her and was carrying her in his arms! 
Her head whipped toward him, and she saw Justin carry her to the sofa next to them with his gaze lowered. 
He put her down gently when he reached the sofa. 
It was only then that everyone finally noticed that he had been holding an exquisite bag all this time. He opened the bag, took out the shoes inside, and slowly squatted down. He took off the shoes that Nora was wearing, and then changed her shoes for her. 
His series of actions came so suddenly that even Nora herself was dumbfounded. 
Never would she have ever thought that the lofty man high up in the air would actually squat down and change her shoes for her. 
Then, the man stood up straight as if he wasn’t the person who had just bent over. As if overlooking everyone from the top, he slowly said, “Let me make the introductions. This is my girlfriend, Ms. Nora Smith..”
###Chapter 273: Birthday Gift~
Chapter 273: Birthday Gift~ 
“…” 
“…” 
“…” 
The entire hall was filled with silence. Everyone looked at them in disbelief. 
Melissa and Sheril hadn’t expected at all that Justin would disregard everything and reveal their relationship on an occasion like this. 
To be honest, the Andersons were already no longer comparable to the Hunts thirty years ago. Yvette had been able to make everyone take notice of her because she was simply that outstanding, so much so that the Hunts and the Smiths found it an honor to have her marry into the family. 
But the Andersons were just a down-and-out family these days. Besides, that situation just now… Melissa and Sheril exchanged a look. 
Sheril leaned toward Melissa and whispered, “Mom, Mr. Hunt is serious about Nora.” 
And wasn’t that so? 
She was the two children’s mother, after all! 
Melissa was never one to underestimate children from her own family. She asked, “Why does Nora look a little unhappy to me, though?”
Sheril followed her gaze and looked over to see Nora frowning. 
She was indeed a little unhappy. 
She had always stayed low-profile ever since she was a child, and had never wanted anyone to pay any attention to her. Once she became Justin’s girlfriend—or even the future Mrs. Hunt—people would definitely pay attention to her. 
Of course, this was also the reason why she had kept pushing Justin away, and forbade herself from developing feelings for him all this time. 
Yet that guy had actually announced their relationship in public? 
Had he asked her for permission? And had she agreed to it? 
But there was no use crying over spilled milk. She frowned and started thinking of a way to get out of the situation unscathed. 
Seemingly having sensed her displeasure, Justin lowered his head as if to explain, yet also as if to cover up his actions. He said, “They were too much just now, Nora. I didn’t manage to hold myself back for a moment there and ended up revealing our relationship. You won’t mind, right?” 
Nora: “?” 
He didn’t manage to hold himself back for a moment there? 
Did he really think that she would believe his nonsense? 
Given the man’s personality, she would believe it if he said that he held himself back and stopped himself from doing something, but she would never believe it if he said that he did something in a moment of impulse!
As the head of the Hunts and the leader of the top conglomerate in the States, would he do something ‘in a moment of impulse’? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. She looked at him and saw that his usually deep and bottomless eyes looked a little tentative and nervous, as though he really was sincerely apologizing. Even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to be exuding a vague feeling that he had suffered injustice, making her unable to pursue the matter at all. In the end, her words went a few rounds in her throat only to finally turn into two words filled with resignation. “… Never mind.” 
Justin nodded. “Mm, although we aren’t going to get married, you’re still the children’s mother, so it’s okay to let outsiders know about our relationship, right, Nora?” 
‘Nora’? 
It was only then that Nora noticed that the man had started using a different term of address for her at some point. 
However, it did sound pretty nice when the scumbag uttered her name with his deep and slightly raspy voice. 
She lowered her gaze and glanced at the new pair of shoes. Although they were also high heels, their soles finally weren’t that slippery anymore, so she could manage them now. 
In the distance. 
The man whom the security guards were holding down was stunned. He looked at Nora in disbelief, and then looked toward the crowd, trying to find Warren. 
Didn’t Warren say that she was a socialite? 
But there was no way Mr. Hunt would acknowledge a socialite as his girlfriend in public! 
He had been tricked! 
By the time he reacted, the security guards were already dragging him out after a wave from the butler. 
He was utterly despondent. What was he to do? He had finally realized just what kind of mistake he had made. Besides, even he himself felt that his behavior was no different from having a death wish! 
Further away, Yvonne and Rachel were dumbfounded. 
The two of them had been ready for a good show just now when Nora was surrounded by the group of men, and when faint rumors of her being a socialite had been spreading. 
Once a reputation like that made the rounds, Nora would pretty much be finished! 
Little did they expect that Mr. Hunt would openly admit the relationship between the two. 
With that, Nora definitely wasn’t a socialite anymore… Because Justin’s words, as well as his taste, were the most direct evidence! 
Their friends nearby were startled by the news. Then, gloating looks immediately appeared on their faces. 
In fact, they couldn’t even quite keep their voices low anymore. 
“Nora Smith is actually Mr. Hunt’s girlfriend?” 
“Oh my god, what a revelation! She’s beautiful enough, though!” 
“I suddenly thought of something—please let Mr. Hunt subdue a vixen like Nora Smith, lest she brings harm to other people’s husbands!”
“… Oh my god, I also breathed a small sigh of relief. My husband was practically dazzled by Nora Smith just now! But he can only secretly fantasize about her now. Who would dare to lay a hand on Mr. Hunt’s girlfriend?” 
“Hahaha!” 
Someone glanced at Yvonne. 
“I already had a vague feeling that something was amiss just now. Why does it feel like Yvonne has been competing with Nora Smith the whole time today? As it turns out, it’s because of that!” 
“In other words, Yvonne has been waiting painstakingly for Mr. Hunt for over twenty years, but in the end, he doesn’t want her at all?” 
“I suddenly find her a little pitiful. Nora Smith has stolen all the limelight today… But this means that Mr. Hunt must have been the one who borrowed the gown for her. Nora has totally suppressed Yvonne!” 
“… Shh, keep your voice down. She’s heard you…” 
“So what even if she hears me? She’s just the Smiths’ adopted daughter. Does she really think she’s a real young lady of the Smiths?” 
The few of them gradually walked away. Yvonne clenched her fists tightly and tried her best to suppress her anger. 
She mustn’t make a faux pas under such circumstances! 
She would also make up for the embarrassment she had just suffered in a while! 
Rachel had also heard the few women’s conversations. She looked at Yvonne but saw that she looked calm and was still smiling gently.
She couldn’t help but sigh in admiration inwardly. Ms. Smith sure had outstanding mental resilience! 
Why should Nora Smith get to show off so much, though? 
Just as everyone was entertaining their own thoughts, Mrs. Hunt, the elderly birthday girl, finally made her appearance. She sat at a higher position and looked at everyone with a kindly look on her face. 
One by one, everyone started to present her with gifts and pay her compliments. 
The elders went first. Starting with Raymond, people went forward one by one to offer her their well wishes. 
After the Hunts were done, it was the guests’ turn. 
By right, the Smiths should have been the first. 
But because of Justin’s official announcement, the Andersons’ status had risen accordingly. In fact, he even personally led Melissa, Nora, and the others forward. 
Everyone’s gazes instantly fell on them. 
Rachel, who was next to Yvonne, sneered at the sight. She said, “It doesn’t mean a thing no matter how much Mr. Hunt favors them.. Aren’t they unable to present a decent birthday gift all the same?”
###Chapter 274: Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill!
Chapter 274: Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill! 
The juniors’ gifts were all in her hands. The larger ones were already placed beside, and the smaller ones were sent to the gift section after their congratulations. 
During the gift-giving process, Mrs. Hunt would keep what she liked. 
For example, she liked a longevity painting very much and could not bear to let it go. 
Someone asked, “Mrs. Hunt, who gave this to you? Why do you like it so much?” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled and glanced at Nora. 
When she was upstairs earlier, she had witnessed everything downstairs and also saw Justin expose their identities to save her face. 
She felt even more unhappy. At this moment, she lowered her eyes and said very seriously, “My great- grandson Peter Hunt drew it!” 
Peter Hunt… 
This was the first time this name had appeared in front of the public! 
At first, no one realized who it was, but Mrs. Hunt continued to explain. “He’s Justin’s son!” 
Son! 
It turned out that many years ago, Justin’s illegitimate child was a son!
Over the years, that child had been a secret and had been protected very well by Justin. The others did not even know if he was a man or a woman. 
However, at this moment, Mrs. Hunt had given everyone the evidence! 
She was giving Pete a lot of face. 
Of course, this behavior was to reassure everyone. 
She wanted everyone to know that Young Master Pete’s status would not change just because Mr. Hunt had a girlfriend… Before this, Pete had never appeared in front of everyone! 
Of course, he had not appeared yet, but at least his name had already spread among the high society. 
When everyone heard this, they all looked at Justin and Nora. 
Mrs. Hunt’s intentions were too obvious. Everyone understood. They originally thought that Nora would look a little ugly, but the two of them actually had an indifferent attitude. 
Justin was a man. As long as the future heir was his son, he could do whatever he wanted. However, Nora did not care at all? 
After everyone had looked at her highly, they could not help but look down on her now. 
Rachel smiled as well and said to Yvonne, “Did you see that? Mrs. Hunt is warning her publicly. She’s telling Nora to be obedient!” 
Yvonne lowered his eyes and did not speak. 
However, Rachel became smug. “So what if she’s with Mr. Hunt? She still doesn’t have any status in the family!”
As she spoke, Justin led Melissa to Mrs. Hunt. 
Rachel instantly became even more excited. “The Andersons are in dire straits now. Their family can’t even afford a decent gift, right?” 
As she thought about this, she heard Melissa say, “Mrs. Hunt, today is your birthday. The Andersons wish you good fortune and longevity.” 
After saying this briefly and elegantly, she said, “We have prepared a small gift here. I hope you’ll like it.” 
After saying that, she looked at Nora. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and handed her a box of pills. 
Mrs. Lewis took a step forward first. She was very respectful in front of Justin and everyone else. After all, she could not lose the Hunt family’s face. 
The others saw the iron box without a label. Nora originally wanted to use a paper box, but Melissa felt that it looked too ridiculous. Therefore, she had changed to the iron box. However, even so, it was still too shabby in the eyes of outsiders. 
Rachel could not help but laugh mockingly. 
Her laughter attracted the attention of the others. Everyone asked, “What are you laughing at?” 
Rachel lowered her head. “The Andersons manufacture the Carefree Pill. So this must be a box of Carefree Pill, right? I heard that the price of Carefree Pill on the market is $3,000. This box should have 50 pills, right?” 
50 pills meant $150,000.
In an ordinary family, this was definitely a huge gift. 
However, in the Hunts… especially when Justin had just announced their identities, Nora’s gift should be more valuable. 
But it was only worth $150,000? 
The rest of the people’s expressions became complicated as they whispered to each other and chuckled. However, they did not dare to say anything on the surface. Someone else complimented, “50 Carefree Pill? That’s too impressive. If you want to buy this pill, you have to have your identity card. Everyone is only allowed to buy one every month. As expected of the Andersons, you can buy 50 pills at once.” 
This flattery was too dry. 
Mrs. Hunt became even angrier. 
She lowered her eyes and still had a gentle smile on her face. She said, “Mrs. Anderson, you’re too polite. At my age, it’s indeed better to give me pills than anything else…” 
Although she said that, when Mrs. Lewis handed her the box of pills, she placed it casually beside her and did not bother to open it. 
When Melissa saw this situation, she did not say anything. 
Under such circumstances, she couldn’t possibly praise herself for being good with her pills, right? 
If Mrs. Hunt did not open the box and did not ask, she would not be able to answer anything. She simply smiled and brought Sheril and Nora to the side. 
After they left, it was the Smiths’ turn.
Hearing the butler call out, Warren represented the Smiths and led Yvonne forward. 
After saying a few polite words, he delivered the gift the Smiths had prepared. It was a red coral tree. It was expensive, but it matched both parties’ identities and was very standard. 
After Warren walked away, Yvonne stepped forward and smiled. “Grandma, I’m here to wish you a happy birthday!” 
Seeing her, Mrs. Hunt immediately smiled. “Miss Smith, you’re here too?” 
Yvonne nodded and took out a carefully packaged box. “Yes, I also prepared a small gift for you.” 
As she spoke, she handed her the medicine box. 
Mrs. Lewis took it and handed it to Mrs. Hunt. 
Mrs. Hunt smiled and opened the medicine box. “What medicine is this? It looks so good. Let me see if it’s some miracle medicine!” 
After she opened the box, a faint fragrance that belonged to the Calming Pill floated in the hall. 
Mrs. Hunt was indeed someone who had seen the world. She immediately understood what was going on when she smelled it. She asked in surprise, “This is… the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?” 
Her words immediately surprised the guests below. Everyone exclaimed, “The Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill? Wasn’t the production stopped?” 
“I heard that up until now, only the heir of the Zabes, Silvester Zabe, could create something like this. But this skill ends with him! Did the Smiths invite Dr. Zabe to make the pills? That’s too awesome!”
“As expected of the Smiths. Only their family can have so much manpower, resources, and financial power!” 
“…” 
When the praises from the surrounding people reached Yvonne’s ears, she said “humbly”, “I’m considered to have made a big move in front of everyone. The Andersons are the real pharmaceutical experts.. Compared to their pills, what’s mine?”
###Chapter 275: Ian Is Here!
Chapter 275: Ian Is Here! 
Although she said that, she instantly focused the conflict on the Andersons and Nora. 
Melissa’s brows knitted together. 
The others laughed as well. Someone even said, “Although the Andersons are pharmaceutical experts, Dr. Zabe is a respected figure in the traditional medicine world. His skills have long stopped being passed on, and the Andersons can’t make it! Besides, this pill is special because of the ingredients. I heard it costs millions! It even needs 500-year-old ginseng!” 
“500-year-old ginseng? Isn’t that too old? One ginseng can only produce one pill?” 
“This is where the value of Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill lies. Logically speaking, a single ginseng should be enough to create an entire furnace worth of pills. However, this medicine is extremely difficult to form. Dr. Zabe created a furnace-full of pills a few years ago, and indeed, only one succeeded. Therefore, although this medicine is useful for calming the mind, even people like us really can’t afford it!” 
“The Smiths are indeed powerful! Yvonne, this gift is to touch Mrs. Hunt’s heart, right? From the looks of it, Nora can’t compare to Yvonne. Why is Mr. Hunt interested in Nora Smith?” 
“…Nora is good-looking! Aren’t men all about looks?” 
“…” 
As everyone was discussing in private, Mrs. Hunt and Mrs. Lewis looked at each other. 
Yvonne’s words had thrown the topic to the Andersons. Although Mrs. Hunt did not like Nora, she still knew her limits under such circumstances! 
She did not follow Yvonne’s words and smiled. “Miss Smith, thank you!” 
However, she did not say this to the Andersons. It was obvious that she did not take a liking to the Andersons’ pills. 
Yvonne’s eyes flickered as she smiled and did not speak again. 
When she turned to leave, Rachel saw that Yvonne did not seize such a good opportunity. She could not help but call out for her, “Mrs. Hunt, show us the pills the Andersons gave you! Are they Carefree Pills?” 
Everyone looked at Mrs. Hunt. 
Mrs. Hunt’s expression turned even uglier. 
She glanced at Nora and saw that the girl’s eyes were lowered and her eyelids were drooping. She seemed to not understand the atmosphere at all and had an indifferent attitude. 
Her expression made Mrs. Hunt even angrier. 
How stupid was she? She could not even hear such provocative words! 
Mrs. Hunt looked at Melissa again. The moment their eyes met, Melissa understood what she meant. 
After some thought, she shook her head gently. 
Mrs. Hunt understood what she meant. She sneered in her heart and looked down on them. However, she smiled and said, “This is medicine for me to take, why should I show it to you young people? Mrs. Lewis, send the medicine to the room!”
Hearing this, Mrs. Lewis instantly nodded. She took Nora’s medicine and Yvonnes medicine and turned to walk upstairs. 
In the crowd. 
Sheril looked at Melissa in confusion and asked, “Mom, why didn’t you let Mrs. Hunt open the pills we gave her? This way, we could ruthlessly slap those people who look down on us!” 
Melissa stood there steadily. She smiled and said gently, “First of all, your Sister Nora might not want anyone to know that she can create this pill. Otherwise, there will be a lot of trouble in the future. Secondly, we don’t have any enmity with the Smiths. There’s no need to make things difficult for Yvonne.” 
She educated Sheril. “Sometimes, unnecessary comparisons only make people more and more concerned about other people’s opinions. We don’t live for other people’s opinions. We live for ourselves.” 
Sheril was stunned when she heard Melissa’s words. 
Her mother had always had a proud and self-righteous aura. She never cared about others’ opinions and lived like herself. 
She herself had never reached this level before. 
Just as she was thinking about it, she heard Nora say, “Aunt is right.” 
Sheril suddenly felt that her thoughts were too immature. Did even Sister Nora think that way? 
As she was thinking, she heard Nora say slowly, “It’ll be too troublesome if someone finds out.”
For the sake of making medicine, she had not slept for two days! 
What if people found out that she knew how to make drugs and came looking for her in the future? 
Sheril: !!! 
She knew that Sister Nora’s thoughts were different. 
She winced. 
The rest of the people continued to send gifts, but Nora already felt a little hungry. She simply took Cherry and walked to the dessert area beside them. 
When she got there, she casually took a fork and was about to pick up a piece of cake when another fork reached over. Their forks met in the air. 
Nora looked up and saw a woman in her 30s looking at her. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and retracted her fork. She grabbed the cake beside her. 
Just as she was about to leave, the woman suddenly said, “You’re Cherry’s mother, right?” 
Nora: “?” 
The woman smiled. “I’m Brandon’s mother! Brandon always talks about his boss at home. It’s a pleasure to meet you!” 
Nora: “…Hello.” 
Brandon’s mother, Maureen, who was also Warren’s wife, was a straightforward woman. Her husband doted on his little sister, but as his wife, she could not say a word.
At home, Yvonne would definitely want the best and eat the most exquisite food. 
This made her feel a little uncomfortable. 
Others might not be able to tell, but she could. Yvonne wanted the best because she felt that she was not Ian’s biological daughter. If she could not get the best, wouldn’t she be looked down on? 
However, they were both women. She was also someone else’s daughter who had been pampered since she was young. Why should she let her have her way? 
Therefore, over the years, she had developed a huge grudge against Yvonne. 
Just like earlier, when she was eating a piece of cake, she had picked the one with the best design. She did not expect to bump into Nora. 
She originally planned to move aside subconsciously. After all, Nora was Justin’s girlfriend. There was no need to offend her. 
However, she did not expect Nora to take the initiative to pick a piece of cake at the side. 
It was this humble gesture that made her instantly have a good impression of her. She was about to say something more to Nora when her phone suddenly rang. 
She lowered her head to take a look and said, “Cherry’s mother, my eldest brother is here with Third Uncle. I’ll pick him up. Let’s have a good chat another day!” 
With that, she left, leaving Nora confused. 
At the door.
Ian’s body was weak and he could no longer walk for long. He sat in a wheelchair and was pushed into the banquet hall by Joel. 
After entering, he looked up, his eyes searching for that person eagerly. 
He wanted to see what she looked like.. Did she look more like her mother?
###Chapter 276: Rich Grandpa~
Chapter 276: Rich Grandpa~ 
Although he had seen her appearance on camera during the live broadcast last time, there was still a difference between video and reality. 
Ever since he found out about the DNA test results, he had been hiding in the hospital like a deserter because he could not face it. 
However, when he arrived at the scene, he realized that he actually wanted to see her. He wanted to see Yvette from more than twenty years ago through her. 
There were many people in the banquet hall… and as soon as the two of them entered, the Hunts noticed them. 
Ian was definitely an elder worthy of respect, so the butler immediately informed Justin… 
At this moment, Justin was walking to the dessert area. He found Nora and spoke to her in a low voice. “I’ve already investigated those people just now. Sure enough, someone is causing trouble.” 
Nora ate the desserts in one bite and filled her stomach. 
She liked to eat big bites to save time. She was not picky about the cake’s appearance earlier because what it looked like did not matter to her at all. She only cared about the taste. 
After eating it, her lips were stained with cream. 
When Justin saw this, his eyes darkened. 
He pointed to her mouth and said, “There’s cream here.”
Nora raised her eyebrows and wiped her mouth in the direction he pointed. However, Justin was referring to her right side. When it came to her, it became the left side. 
She did not know that the cream on the right side of her mouth was still there. 
Justin pointed again, and Nora wiped it again hesitantly. 
Was it still there? 
How big could her mouth be?! 
Just as Nora was hesitating, Justin reached out helplessly and placed his hand on her lips. 
Perhaps because he practiced martial arts often, but his fingers were thin and calloused. When his warm hand touched her slightly cold lips, Nora’s body froze slightly. 
She felt the man’s fingers knead her lips. The strength and warmth made her feel as if she had been aroused. 
It was as if a feather had gently glided across her heart. It was as if she had been electrocuted… 
This made her mouth feel a little dry. The man retracted his hand as if nothing had happened and raised it in front of her. “Nora, I didn’t mean to take advantage of you.” 
His fingers were very clean. There were no traces of cream at all. 
Nora: “…” 
Just as she was about to say something, the man retracted his fingers and said with a dark gaze, “Those people were bewitched by Warren. Initially, I wanted to settle scores with him directly, but because of your special relationship with the Smiths… I wanted to ask you how to handle this matter.”
Special relationship? 
Nora was stunned. What special relationship? 
As she was hesitating, she heard Justin say, “I saw that you seemed to be chatting with his wife. Did she apologize to you?” 
His wife? 
Nora’s thoughts had already shifted with Justin’s words. How could she still care about those fingers unstained with cream? 
After a moment of silence, she finally understood. “You’re saying that Maureen is Brandon’s mother, and Warren is Brandon’s father?” 
Justin nodded. 
Nora hesitated. 
Although she did not know why Warren had hired someone to slander her reputation, his wife was quite cute and a little familiar. Furthermore, his son seemed to be Cherry’s little follower. 
She nodded slowly. “Forget it.” 
Anyway, that matter did not affect her much. However, as a safety precaution, she said, “Leave evidence. If he still dares to attack, I’ll destroy him with one hit!” 
Nora could not be bothered to fight with others. 
Such a small conspiracy was nothing to her. If she had the time and energy, she might as well sleep!
If that person was really annoying, she would settle him at once. 
Justin clearly agreed with her words. He nodded and said, “I think so. Since you say so, I’ll get that man to leave a statement and video. If Warren dares to play any tricks again, I’ll directly get Joel to deal with him!” 
“Yeah.” 
After Nora answered, she walked to the cake section beside her and picked up another small cake. 
She felt that this design was very good. She ate one cake with one bite at a time, making her feel extremely comfortable. 
Justin looked at a lady standing not far from her. She was holding a plate and fork and eating them bit by bit. Then, she looked at Nora… She was too cute! 
He chuckled and pointed at the black forest cake beside him. “This cake is not bad.” 
Cherry stood beside him. “Daddy, I want to eat the mousse cake!” 
“Sure.” 
Justin bent down, picked Cherry up, and walked to the side. 
Cherry’s mask only covered half of her face, and the bottom half was exposed. It did not affect her eating. 
After taking two bites, she sighed again. 
Justin asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Cherry looked at Nora grudgingly. “Mommy, have you not found my Sponsor Grandpa yet?”
Nora, who was eating cake, was speechless. 
She froze for a moment before nodding confidently. “Yes, I forgot.” 
Cherry: “!!” 
The sparks on her and her Sponsor Grandpa had already been extinguished. There was still no news of her Sponsor Grandpa. She did not know how he was doing either. 
On the other hand, Justin was a little jealous. “Why are you looking for your Sponsor Grandpa? What do you want? Daddy will buy it for you.” 
Cherry: “…Daddy, you don’t understand!” 
It was not easy to find someone who could maintain sparks. How could she give up so easily? 
Justin was stunned. He suddenly felt sad. His daughter had grown up and had other thoughts! 
He still wanted to say something when the butler came in front of him. “Sir, Mr. Ian Smith is here.” 
Ian… 
Justin glanced at Nora and said, “I’ll go over and take a look.” 
Nora nodded. “Alright, you go.” 
After taking two more steps, Justin suddenly turned back to look at her. Indeed, he saw the woman looking at the door curiously, seemingly quite interested. 
He thought about it and turned back. “Want to come with me?” he asked. 
Nora thought for a moment and nodded. “Okay.”
She put down the cake plate and held Cherry’s hand. 
Justin instructed, “When you see him, you have to call him Grandpa politely. You can also call him Grandfather…” 
Just as he was debating whether to call him “Grandpa” or “Grandfather,” Cherry pursed her lips. “I don’t want to call anyone else “Grandpa”. I just want to call my Sponsor Grandpa!” 
“…” 
Nora became a little curious. 
She really wanted to know what kind of person could not forget her mother for 25 years! Moreover, she heard that he was not in good health? 
###Chapter 277: Meeting Each Other
Chapter 277: Meeting Each Other 
Warren’s appearance caused the banquet to have another small climax. 
After all, this person had been living in seclusion for more than ten years. However, the fear of being dominated by him in the business world still remained in the hearts of the big shots. 
Everyone greeted him respectfully. Only when they saw Justin bringing his official girlfriend over did everyone make way for him. 
In the distance. 
Yvonne was stunned when she heard that her father was there. 
Rachel exclaimed, “Miss Smith, did your father come here for you?” 
Yvonne was unsure. 
However, Rachel became determined. “The Hunts have let you down. Mr. Hunt had just announced his girlfriend, but your father dragged himself over despite his illness. He must be here to help you get justice!” 
When Yvonne heard this, her eyes lit up. 
She quickly walked to the entrance and bumped into Warren on the way. 
Warren said, “Little Sister, I couldn’t help you vent your anger earlier. I’ll help you vent it later! I’m famous for being protective! I’ll definitely protect you in this matter!”
However, Yvonne bit her lips and did not have much hope. 
Ian was famous for being protective, but Justin had already declared a few years ago that he would not marry her. Ian knew about this, so he had no reason to come and seek justice for her. 
Then why did Dad suddenly come here? 
She did not have time to think about it. She walked over and stood behind Ian. She took over the wheelchair from the servant very naturally and called out, “Dad.” 
Ian nodded at her. 
He had done all he could for this adopted daughter of his, but perhaps it was Yvette’s betrayal back then that made him very indifferent to favors. 
Not to mention Yvonne, he didn’t even want to bother with his nephews at home. Even Joel was used to his cold demeanor. 
Yvonne’s heart sank. She felt that Ian was not here to give her face in public. 
At this moment, a voice came from the crowd. “Mr. Hunt is here!” 
The people who were originally surrounding Ian instantly opened up a path. Justin walked over slowly with Nora and Nora’s little masked daughter. 
The current heads of the two aristocratic families in New York were all here. Although Ian was old and sitting in a wheelchair, his aura was still powerful. 
Not to mention Justin and Joel, who were like the midday sun. One of the two men was cold, and the other was a wolf in sheep’s clothing. However, both of them were important figures who could make one’s expression change.
Therefore, the people around them gradually fell silent and listened to their small talk. 
Nora did not notice the expressions around her. At that moment, all her attention was snatched away by Ian. 
He was sitting in a wheelchair. His face was thin, and there were wrinkles at the corners of his eyes because he was too thin. One could tell his age, but his deep eyes and sharp facial features still exuded a mature charm and handsomeness. 
Furthermore, in Nora’s eyes, through his eyes and brows, he had even restored his appearance from when he was young. He had thick eyebrows and big eyes. Under his double eyelids, his deep eyes were not inferior to any male celebrity now! 
He might not even be inferior to Justin and Joel in terms of looks! 
He was a handsome man. 
Tsk. 
Mother was so lucky! 
Nora raised her eyebrows and sighed in her heart. She saw that Ian’s gaze only swept past Justin gently before stopping on her. 
His eyes were sizing her up, and his gaze was deep. If it was an ordinary person, they would probably be frightened by his gaze. However, Nora just stood there quietly and did not say a word. It was as if Ian was not even looking at her. 
She had a strong mental fortitude.
She was indeed a Smith 
A hint of admiration flashed past Ian’s eyes. When he saw her again, the hostility he had toward her earlier had unknowingly dissipated a little. 
He was about to retract his gaze when Justin stepped forward and blocked Nora. 
Ian: “?” 
Only then did he raise his eyebrows and look at Justin. 
When he saw Justin previously, he always felt that this junior was not bad. He and Joel were indeed the most outstanding people in their generation and were much stronger than his own generation back then. 
He did not expect him to be so protective of a woman. 
He appreciated that. 
Justin said politely, “Uncle Ian, I didn’t expect you to come personally.” 
Ian lowered his eyes and said calmly, “It’s Mrs. Hunt’s birthday, how could I not come?” 
After saying that, he looked behind him. “Aren’t you going to introduce us?” 
Only then did Justin move aside. He gestured towards Nora and said, “This is my girlfriend, Miss Nora Smith.” 
After saying that, he introduced him to Nora. “This is Mr. Ian Smith. You can follow me and call him… Uncle Ian.” 
With that, Justin’s eyes flashed and he looked at Ian again.
Back then, after Nora had pointed out that she was not Henry’s daughter, he had found someone to punish Henry and take revenge on him for abandoning his son and burying him alive. 
After all, he had not made a move previously on the account that Henry was Pete’s biological grandfather. However, once he knew that the two of them were not relatives and that they were no longer tied together, he no longer had any qualms. 
After that, he began to suspect that Nora’s biological father was Ian. 
First of all, the love story between Yvette and Ian back then had spread throughout the entire New York. He did not believe that a person’s heart would change just because they said so. 
Secondly, Nora’s surname was Smith. Wasn’t this enough to prove something? 
Next, the people he had sent to protect Nora said that someone had pulled her hair, but Ian had stopped them and taken them away. 
Justin could not get them back. 
At that time, he knew that Ian must have gotten someone to do a DNA test! 
However, he could not understand what was going to happen next. 
For families like them, it would only take a few hours to get a quick DNA test report. However, the Smiths had not taken any action after that. They only let Quentin follow Nora secretly. First, it was to monitor her, and second, it was to protect her. 
Therefore, he was confused. 
What was the result of the DNA report?
Was Ian Nora’s father? 
Therefore, he hesitated when introducing him. He did not know if letting Nora call him Uncle Ian was right or wrong. 
Just as he was feeling conflicted, Ian looked at Nora confidently. “Justin, may I have a private chat with Miss Smith?” 
Private chat? 
Justin’s eyes narrowed. 
Ian’s attitude was too unpredictable. 
If she was his daughter, he would have come to acknowledge her a long time ago. But if she was not, would he make a move on her when love turns to hatred? 
As he was thinking about Nora’s safety, Nora said, “Okay.” 
She took a few steps to the side. 
Yvonne pushed Ian and wanted to follow. However, before she could push the wheelchair, she heard Ian instruct her, “Stay here and let Miss Smith push me over..”
###Chapter 278: Illegitimate Daughter?
Chapter 278: Illegitimate Daughter? 
Yvonne was slightly stunned. She watched as Nora raised her eyebrows and walked over to push his wheelchair to the balcony. An inexplicable sense of danger enveloped Yvonne’s entire body. 
It was as if this woman would slowly snatch everything away from her in the future! 
Ian had always ignored others. Even his attitude toward her had always been very cold. But now, he actually wanted to talk to Nora alone! 
While she was hesitating, Warren walked over and said gloatingly, “See, Uncle Ian must want to chat with her to make her leave Justin! I really want to see the situation in an idol drama. Uncle Ian will probably throw a cheque at her and domineeringly order her to leave him!” 
Yvonne was speechless. 
Maureen: “…” 
Maureen couldn’t help but grab Warren’s ear. “Do you think you’re living in a novel? Let me tell you, Miss Smith is Cherry’s mother. You’re not allowed to target her!” 
When Rachel heard Warren’s words, she smiled and said, “Miss Smith, I really envy you. Even if you’re not his biological daughter, Mr. Smith is still willing to stand up for you. But my father…” 
At this point, her expression turned ferocious. “He only knows to scold me every day. Nothing I do is right. Aunt is always right! Am I even his biological daughter?” 
Yvonne was speechless.
This Rachel was too annoying! 
She took a deep breath and suppressed the anger in her heart. She smiled and said, “Every father has a different personality.” 
Rachel nodded. “My father only knows how to scold me!” 
Yvonne lowered her head when she heard this. 
She had never been scolded since she was young, but actually, she also wanted to be scolded by her father. 
Yvonne’s eyes flickered. “Actually, you should have learned from Nora. After all, she has already become Mr. Hunt’s girlfriend. Your father said that about you for your own good.” 
Rachel was exasperated by her words. “Why do you say that, too? What’s so good about her?” 
— 
On the balcony. 
After Nora pushed Ian over, she closed the sliding door on the balcony. After blocking out the noise in the hall, only the sound of cars honking could be heard from the balcony. 
She looked at him and saw that he did not seem to have any intention of speaking. She coughed and said, “What are you planning to say, Mr. Smith?” 
Ian was silent for a long time before he suddenly asked, “Did your mother say anything before she passed away?” 
Nora: “…”
Ian had called her over so openly just to ask this question? 
He wanted to know if her mother had left any words for him before she died. 
What did he want her mother to say? That she regretted it? That she loved him? Or something else? 
Sensing that she did not speak for a long time, Ian laughed dryly and said, “What was I thinking? You were only half a year old when she passed away. How could you know?” 
Nora: “…” 
He has already answered his own question. Why does he still want her to answer? 
She did not say anything else and waited for him to ask her to bring him back. 
However, after a moment of hesitation, Ian said, “You can go back first.” 
Nora: “” 
She nodded and opened the sliding door, returning to the hall. 
Looking at her back, Ian was silent for a long time. 
He felt like he was looking at Yvette from more than twenty years ago. 
Not only did the mother and daughter look alike, but their temperaments were also similar. They were the kind of people who did whatever they wanted and did not care about how others looked at them. 
Back then, Yvette had offended many people because of this personality. 
She had become the public enemy of many women.
However, she never cared about what others said about her behind her back. The words she often said were: “Will I lose a pound of flesh if they say a few words about me? Since I won’t, why should I care?” 
“They’re talking about me behind my back because they’re jealous of me.” 
“It’s all my fault for being so outstanding that I became the topic of conversation. Sigh, I, with my beauty and intelligence coexisting together am simply too perfect. I’m afraid it’s only because I’m too impressive!” 
“…” 
She was narcissistic and mockingly snobbish. 
However, the mother and daughter were different. 
Yvette was a talkative woman, and although she looked very graceful, that image was broken once she spoke. On the other hand, Nora was very quiet. It was as if she could not even bring herself to talk. 
Ian was immersed in his own thoughts and could not extricate himself. 
— 
When Nora walked out of the balcony, Yvonne caught her immediately. 
Seeing her calm expression, Ian did not seem to have said anything overboard. 
That made sense. No matter how much money her father gave her, was it worth as much as the Hunt Corporation? 
Any woman would choose Justin. 
She lowered her gaze, her eyes glinting.
Nora yawned. Just as she was about to look for Cherry, she turned around and accidentally bumped into someone. She looked over and saw a familiar face. It was Rachel. 
Nora was stunned. She subconsciously said, “I’m sorry.” 
When she said this, her tone was cold and arrogant. 
With that, she lowered her head slightly and planned to walk around Rachel. However, after taking two steps, she was stopped by the other party. “You bumped into me. Is it over just by apologizing?” 
Nora: “?” 
She was a little confused for a moment as her lips curled into a mocking smile. “Should I kneel and beg for mercy?” 
It was just a bump. It did not hurt her… Nora really did not know how to apologize. 
Rachel was furious. “What kind of attitude is that?” 
Nora: “…” 
What was wrong with her attitude? 
She was about to say something when Yvonne grabbed Rachel and smiled apologetically at Nora. “Miss Smith, it’s nothing.” 
After saying that, she whispered to Rachel, “Rachel, take it easy. She’s Mr. Hunt’s girlfriend. Under such circumstances, don’t be so rude to her!” 
Rachel instantly exploded.
When she was at home, her father would often scold her, saying that she was wrong in this and was not good at that. He would say she could not compare to Nora and even asked her to contact Nora more often when she was free. 
Yeah right! 
Nora was a country bumpkin from the countryside. Why should she curry favors with her? 
That was why she looked for Yvonne. In the entire New York, other than Miss Hunt, who had studied abroad, Yvonne was probably the most respected. 
But why was even Yvonne afraid of Nora now? 
Rachel panicked and pushed Yvonne away. “What are you afraid of? She’s just an illegitimate daughter. How can she compare to you?” 
Yvonne panicked. “Don’t talk nonsense…” 
At this moment, Rachel spoke without thinking. Her voice instantly rose. “How am I talking nonsense? Am I wrong? Didn’t you see it during the last live broadcast? Her father isn’t even her biological father! Her mother was pregnant before she even got married. She got her father to be a spare tire and take over!” 
At this moment, Ian turned his head when he heard this..
###Chapter 279: Who Said She Didn’t Have a Strong Family?
Chapter 279: Who Said She Didn’t Have a Strong Family? 
Rachel’s voice was so loud that everyone in the banquet hall looked over. 
Justin had been paying attention to Nora’s situation, so he caught the argument immediately and hurriedly walked over. 
Nora had already narrowed her almond-shaped eyes. Her cold eyes were filled with anger. “What did you say?” 
Although she had never experienced motherly love, her mother had given her life, and she would not allow anyone to insult her mother. 
Rachel’s voice spread clearly throughout the entire venue. “Why? She has always been an unclean person. Why can’t she be told off? Back then, everyone knew that she betrayed Mr. Smith and eloped with someone else! I guess the other party didn’t want her anymore, right? That’s why she found such a money-loving person to be her scapegoat.” 
“As the saying goes, if the upper beam is not straight, the lower beam will be crooked. Your mother was pregnant before marriage, and so were you. Didn’t she also have a daughter with another hooligan? But you’re better than your mother. At the very least, your designated driver to be the spare tire is Mr. Hunt!” 
“At the end of the day, you’re just an illegitimate daughter who doesn’t even know who her biological father is. You’re just like your daughter. Why? I’m afraid your daughter will also be a beauty when she grows up, right? When the time comes, will she also have to find someone to get pregnant before she gets married? I just don’t know if there will be a good match like Mr. Hunt then!” 
Nora clenched her hands into fists. 
Her anger rose as she took a step forward, preparing to beat her up.
In the distance, Justin had already arrived in front of her. His expression became even uglier, and he looked like he wanted to kill someone. 
However, before the two of them could make a move, Farrell had already rushed over and slapped Rachel’s face. “Shut up!” 
Rachel was stunned by this slap and fell to the ground. 
When Miranda saw this, she went mad as well. She rushed forward and hugged Rachel. “Farrell, what are you doing?!” 
Farrell was furious. He pointed at her with trembling hands. “Move aside. I’m going to break her mouth today!” 
There were two reasons why he was so agitated. 
First, he was really angry. He did not expect his daughter to have already reached this stage. In this kind of situation, she kept talking about Nora being an illegitimate daughter and Mr. Hunt being a spare tire. She was simply speaking dirty words and had lost all face for the Woods. Secondly, he could already see Mr. Hunt walking over with an angry expression. If he did not make a move, Mr. Hunt would probably make Rachel suffer even more! 
Rachel had done something wrong. She should be educated and beaten when necessary. However, she was still his daughter. He still wanted to give her a way out. 
That was why he had hit her personally. 
Indeed, after he made his move, Nora and Justin both stopped in their tracks and did not come forward.
Unfortunately, the current Rachel did not understand his intentions at all. Instead, she covered her face and roared, “You hit me? You actually hit me because of her! Dad, tell me, what kind of bewitching potion did she give you to make you protect her so much? Is it because she’s good-looking?” 
Farrell was already stunned. 
He did not expect his daughter to go so overboard with her words. How did he educate her all these years to make her say such shrewish words?! 
His hands trembled. “Your… your aunt has never said such ugly words in her life!” 
Rachel sensed his anger and was so frightened that she did not dare to speak. 
However, Miranda was furious. “Her aunt, her aunt… Your heart is biased toward Melissa, right? In that case, why don’t you live with your sister? Why do you want to live with us?! I’ve never seen such good siblings! Where’s Melissa? Come out. I want to ask you what your relationship with your brother is. What kind of family is the Andersons?!” 
Farrell: “!!!” 
Melissa, who was rushing over, was speechless. 
Melissa’s eyes were red from anger. She pointed at her with trembling hands and screamed, “Sister-in- law!!” 
How could she slander her in public! 
It had to be known that no one wanted to believe the truth. Everyone was willing to believe in explosive topics.
Even if she had a clear conscience, Miranda’s words would become a topic for everyone to talk about after meals! 
She, Melissa, had always been noble and pure. Ever since her eldest sister-in-law had entered the family, she realized that Miranda hated her. Hence, she rarely returned to her mother’s house. In the past twenty years, she had only met Farrell a little more than twenty times! 
Not to mention being intimate, even the relationship between ordinary siblings was not as bad. 
When she was young, her mother often said that when a girl got married, she would have no home. At that time, she did not believe it, but later on, she really did. 
How did Sister-in-law come up with such a lie?! 
Farrell’s body swayed as he stared at Miranda and Rachel. This pair of mother and daughter usually curried favor and flattered him, but he had never seen their ugly faces before. 
Just a moment ago, in order to save his daughter, he had risked offending Mr. Hunt. But now… he felt that everything that had just happened was ridiculous. 
Children were indeed here to collect debts! 
Farrell looked at Justin and cupped his hands in apology. “Mr. Hunt, I’m sorry to have disturbed your birthday banquet. I’ll take the two of them back first and visit you another day to apologize! I’ll definitely give you a satisfactory answer!” 
Justin pursed his lips tightly. 
Farrell was Melissa’s elder brother, and Melissa was Nora’s aunt. Nora had always been very respectful to this aunt.
Therefore, he could not go overboard. 
He nodded lightly. “Please do as you wish, Uncle Farrell. However, Miss Wood’s upbringing is indeed worrying. A kind father will often spoil his children. Uncle Farrell, you should understand this logic.” 
Farrell nodded. “I understand. When we get back, I’ll send Rachel overseas and never let her return!” 
He would never let her come back… 
Rachel’s pupils shrank as she screamed, “Dad, you can’t do this to me. You can’t…” 
Unfortunately, Farrell had already grabbed her hand and called for the Wood family’s bodyguards to drag her and Miranda out. 
Rachel knew that it was hopeless. 
She was done for. 
When she was dragged past Nora, she suddenly laughed out loud. “Nora, aren’t you very proud to see me like this? But don’t forget! Even if I go overseas, I’m still the eldest daughter of the Woods. On the other hand, you don’t even know who your biological father is. You’re just an illegitimate child! With your status, you’re not worthy of the Hunts at all! Without a strong family to support you, you’ll be hated by the Hunts sooner or later and will be divorced!” 
At this moment, the entire hall was silent as her voice resounded in everyone’s ears. 
Everyone looked at Nora. 
Yes, she was from a small family. Could she really last long with Mr. Hunt?
At this moment, Ian, who had been sitting at the side, said, “Who said she doesn’t have a strong family?”
###Chapter 280: She’s A Daughter of The Smiths!
Chapter 280: She’s A Daughter of The Smiths! 
Ian’s voice was very low, but his dispassionate words reached everyone’s ears clearly. 
The entire hall suddenly quietened again. 
Everyone looked at Ian incredulously, only to see him pushing his wheelchair forward slowly until he reached the few of them. 
Upstairs. 
An anxious Mrs. Hunt was going down the stairs. As she did, she complained to Mrs. Lewis, “I knew Justin’s girlfriend would be terrible. People from poor, humble families just aren’t presentable enough. Look at that outrageous scene they made! 
“Why can’t she even get along with her cousin? It’s to the extent that she would even embarrass her like that in public! 
“Look at how cultivated and refined Ms. Smith is instead. None of the girls in the hall can say she’s not good enough. Whether it’s because they fear the Smiths or because of Ms. Smith’s personal charm, this is undeniably what she’s capable of! If only Justin were getting engaged with a young lady of the Smiths instead! I won’t even ask for her to be related by blood anymore. Yvonne Smith would do just fine!” 
Mrs. Hunt went on and on. “Look at how I have to mediate for her despite how much I dislike her. What else can I do when Justin has already acknowledged her status?! Her embarrassing herself is equivalent to embarrassing Justin, which is equivalent to embarrassing the Hunts!” 
Mrs. Lewis held Mrs. Hunt’s arm and said, “Slow down a little. I told you to take the elevator, but you simply refused to. Can you go down the stairs with your knees like that?”
Mrs. Hunt replied huffily, “Considering the situation in the hall, it’ll take even longer for me to reach if I take the elevator!” 
The out-of-breath woman reached the lower floor just in time to hear Rachel saying, “Without a strong family to support you, you’ll be hated by the Hunts sooner or later and will be divorced!” 
She panicked at once. She was about to speak when she heard Ian’s comment. 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
Justin looked at Nora—although her brows were raised slightly, and she was a little surprised, she didn’t look greatly astonished. He knew right away that she must already have guessed something a long time ago. 
Nora had already given it a lot of thought. 
After realizing that Henry Smith was not her real father, she had started to wonder why her mother had picked him out of all the ordinary men out there. 
After she came to New York, she had come to understand the way her mother did things. She was likely someone not to be trifled with, in which case, she would definitely know what kind of person Henry was. 
Therefore, her mother must have had her reasons for picking him. 
She had thought about it over and over and even gone through all the events from back then. The Henry of that time couldn’t get any more ordinary than what he had been. 
If there was anything unusual about him, it was the fact that his last name was Smith. 
After all, there weren’t that many people with the last name Smith.
His last name was Smith… 
In that case, did that mean that her father was Ian? 
She had already suspected that a long time ago, which was why she had paid special attention to Ian’s condition. That was also why she had followed him when he asked her to go to the balcony with him just now. She had even planned to find an opportunity to take a DNA sample from him and get Lily to do a test. 
Therefore, she wasn’t very surprised when Ian said what he did. 
Rachel, however, was dumbfounded. “W-what do you mean?” 
Yvonne also looked at Ian in shock and astonishment. When she saw him staring at Nora, she suddenly panicked… 
Ian slowly lowered his head and said dispassionately, “She is a child of the Smiths.” 
“…” 
The whole hall was silent. 
Everyone stared at Ian in disbelief. Yvonne was also astonished and bewildered. She looked at Nora, and then at Ian… 
One must admit that Nora took after Yvette a great deal, but the parts that didn’t did indeed resemble Ian! 
Her legs went limp and she staggered.
Even Rachel was utterly stunned. “What? T-that’s impossible!” 
She was just a hillbilly! It was impossible for her to suddenly become Cinderella! 
Ian must be lying! 
Warren was also dumbfounded. 
He had been arguing with his wife just a moment ago. 
His wife had been unhappy at him for making things difficult for Nora and had given him a warning in private, so he had been very angry. He said, “I don’t care whether she did anything wrong or not. Yvonne is my sister. Am I supposed to abandon my sister and take her side instead? No way!” 
Maureen was furious when she heard that. “Can you be reasonable? Besides, Yvonne is not related to you by blood anyway. How is she even your sister?!” 
Warren reprimanded her. “How can you say that? She is Uncle Ian’s adopted daughter, and she grew up in the Smiths. That makes her my sister! I look only at family ties, not reason! Hmph, Nora can only blame herself for not being a daughter of the Smiths!” 
Maureen was so mad that she was about to go berserk. 
But unexpectedly, things had suddenly taken a huge turn! 
Warren was also dumbfounded. When Rachel said what she did, he subconsciously also asked, “Is Uncle Ian’s illness making him muddleheaded?” 
Joel’s gentle but stern voice reached him. “Uncle Ian would never take matters about the Smiths’ bloodline lightly. Nora does indeed have blood relations with the Smiths! She’s our cousin!” 
Warren: “!!”
Everyone: “!!!” 
This piece of news was simply too sensational!! 
As it turned out, Yvette Anderson’s daughter was actually Ian Smith’s daughter? 
Then why did she run away when she became pregnant? 
Hadn’t they been in love? 
Didn’t they say that Yvette had betrayed Ian? 
However! 
The hillbilly’s sudden transformation into a young lady of the Smiths sure was dramatic! No wonder Yvonne had stopped competing with her. 
And no wonder Nora could catch Justin’s eye! 
Just as everyone was speculating, Nora suddenly asked, “Why do you say that? Do you have any evidence?” 
Everyone: “” 
Why did it look like Nora wasn’t very happy about it? 
Had they been in her shoes, they would have just acknowledged the Smiths as family first and left the talk for later! Who cared about evidence or whatnot?! 
They were the Smiths! 
Yet, Nora had asked about it. Joel answered seriously, “We did a DNA test.”
It was just like what she had thought. 
Nora thought back to the other time at the medical university when someone had tugged a few strands of hair off her head. Was he sent by the Smiths? 
No… The Smiths would never send someone to kill her. 
In the midst of her thoughts, Justin smiled and said, “Uncle Ian, Joel, let’s go upstairs, find a quiet place, and have a good talk. I think Nora also wants to know what exactly is going on.” 
It wasn’t appropriate to talk about the details in public. 
Joel looked at Ian. When he saw him nodding, he replied, “Okay.” 
Justin led the way. Nora followed beside him. Joel pushed Ian’s wheelchair and followed behind them. The four of them went upstairs and entered a meeting room. 
As soon as they entered, Joel took the initiative to take out the results of the DNA test they did the other time. He handed it to Nora and said, “This is the evidence.” 
Nora took it from him casually. She glanced at Ian but didn’t see any traces of joy on him. When she looked down at the report in her hand, her eyes widened in astonishment… 
This… How could this be?!
###Chapter 281: DNA Test Results!
Chapter 281: DNA Test Results! 
Nora hadn’t been surprised even when Ian said that she was a Smith, but she found herself greatly surprised in this instant. 
Justin also broke into a frown when he noticed her expression. He took a step forward and looked at the DNA test result with her. 
When he looked over, he also found himself stunned. 
The two exchanged a look. Obviously, they hadn’t expected such a result. 
The DNA test was done for Nora and Ian to verify whether they were father and daughter. Neither of them was surprised to see that. 
However, the results stated that the two shared a 99.8% DNA similarity. Therefore, they were scientifically recognized as uncle and niece. 
DNA similarity between a father and daughter was as high as 99.99%. Nora and Ian’s parent-child DNA test results were very close, yet fell outside the range. Therefore, they were classified as uncle and niece instead. 
In other words, Nora’s father wasn’t Ian but one of his brothers instead? 
Nora’s eyes widened, and she looked at Ian in disbelief. He had a very awful look on his face at the moment, and he gave off an air of despondence. 
When Yvette left back then, she had told him that she didn’t love him anymore. She said that she had fallen in love with someone else, and asked him to forget her. 
She had left after that. 
He hadn’t believed her at first, but when he saw the DNA test report, he had suddenly understood something. 
As it turned out, the other man had been none other than one of his brothers! 
Was it also for that reason that Yvette had chosen to leave? Because she felt that she couldn’t face him anymore? 
If it were someone else instead, she wouldn’t have run away. Neither would there be a need for her to. 
Ian clenched his fists. 
The feeling of being betrayed by his brother and lover at the same time made his chest rise and fall rapidly. Suddenly, his eyes closed and he lost consciousness. 
“Uncle Ian!” 
A shocked Joel hastily went toward him. He was about to call for help when a figure faster than he was stopped in front of him. 
Nora bent over and checked Ian’s condition. “He fainted because he was too agitated from pent-up anger and sadness. He’s very weak now, so it’s not advisable to transport him elsewhere!” 
Joel frowned. “What do we do?” 
Nora looked straight at Justin and said, “Get him medicine. Give him the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.”
She had just given Mrs. Hunt a box of it. There were about 64 pills in there. 
Justin immediately understood. He went out at once. 
He went to Mrs. Hunt’s study. As soon as he entered, Mrs. Hunt asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Justin didn’t go into details. Instead, he simply replied, “Mr. Smith fainted because he was too agitated. Grandma, give me a Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
Mrs. Lewis couldn’t bear to part with the pill, either. She wanted to say something, but Mrs. Hunt stopped her and said, “Give it to him.” 
Mrs. Lewis glanced at Mrs. Hunt before she finally walked over, took out the pill that Yvonne had given them, and handed it to Justin. 
Justin took Yvonne’s pillbox, walked out, and quickly went to the meeting room next door. 
As soon as he exited the room, he saw Yvonne standing outside. She was shocked when she saw the pillbox in his hand. “What happened to Dad? Did he faint again?” 
Justin nodded but said nothing. 
Yvonne followed Justin into the meeting room next door. 
After they entered, Justin opened the exquisite box in his hand, took out the pill, and handed it to Nora. 
Nora looked at Ian and said, “Put the pill into half a glass of water and dissolve it.” 
Yvonne, however, panicked. She said, “Ms. Smith! That pill is very rare. It’s better to consume it as is. If you dissolve it in water, its effect will be halved!”
Nora: “?” 
How was the patient supposed to consume it when he had already lost consciousness? 
Besides, even if its effect was halved, it would still be effective on Ian. What was that woman interfering for? 
Yvonne looked at Joel. “That pill doesn’t come by easy, Joel. Don’t let its effects go to waste!” 
Joel looked at her abruptly. 
His sharp eyes made Yvonne stammer as she said, “It’s not like I can’t bear to part with the pill. Saving Dad is what matters the most. I just wanted the pill’s effects to be used to the fullest.” 
Joel took a deep breath and asked, “Did Dr. Zabe ever say how the pill should be consumed?” 
Yvonne hastily nodded. “He did. It just needs to be put into the mouth.” 
Nora immediately said, “His condition isn’t that serious. Drinking it after diluting it would do.” 
To be honest, she could also save Ian without the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill. After all, Ian’s illness wasn’t a brain disease. He had only fainted from anger just now. 
However, it was best if they could use it. 
Yvonne’s eyes flickered when she heard what she said. She understood now—her father’s condition was not that serious, yet she had used the pill that she gave Mrs. Hunt. She was obviously doing it on purpose! 
Joel frowned.
While hesitating over who to listen to, someone suddenly took away the pill. When he looked up again, he saw that Justin had already dissolved the pill in the half-full glass of water he had just poured. 
The pill dissolved immediately upon contact with water and soon disappeared. 
Justin handed the glass to Nora. 
Nora held Ian’s face, opened his mouth, and poured the medicine into his mouth roughly. 
The two of them matched each other’s actions seamlessly as if they had always been working together like that. By the time Joel and Yvonne reacted, Ian had already finished the medicine. 
Joel: “!” 
Yvonne balled up her fists. “Mr. Hunt, Ms. Smith! You… That’s such a waste of the pill’s effects!” 
— 
In Mrs. Hunt’s study. 
After Justin left, Mrs. Hunt held her chest and sighed deeply. 
Although she knew Justin was correct in doing what he did just now, he had taken the pill to save his father-in-law but forgotten that she also needed the life-saving medicine the most. Mrs. Hunt ultimately still felt rather uncomfortable about that. 
Next to her, Mrs. Lewis nagged, “Why did you give it to him, Ma’am? The pill was a gift for you! You really need that pill!”
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “Yvonne was the one who gave it to me in the first place anyway. I’ll just think of it as returning it to them!” 
Mrs. Lewis sneered, “You can’t put it that way. Since they’ve already given you the pill, it belongs to you now. They can’t just bask in the limelight out there and then use it on their own in the end, right? I asked about it just now, though. This was Nora’s suggestion. She must be worried that you would favor Yvonne over her, so she deliberately did it.” 
Mrs. Hunt heaved a huge sigh. “She grew up in the countryside, after all, so she’s too narrow-minded. To think she’s used all her smarts on things like that! Discard the medicine she gave me!” 
Mrs. Lewis picked up the box of pills that Nora had given Mrs. Hunt. She said, “Before I throw it away, let me take a look at what so many Carefree Pills put together look like…” 
She opened the box after saying that, but the moment she did, she suddenly found herself stunned. 
Mrs. Hunt scoffed at her reaction. “Look at how ignorant you look. Even if there are 50 Carefree Pills in there, they are only worth $150,000. Am I paying you so little that you react that way at a mere $150,000?” 
As soon as she said that, a dazed Mrs. Lewis lifted her head and replied, “M-Ma’am, these… these are not Carefree Pills.. They are… they are…”
###Chapter 282: Redoing The DNA Test
Chapter 282: Redoing The DNA Test 
Mrs. Lewis had worked as a servant for Mrs. Hunt’s family back then, so she was on very good terms with Mrs. Hunt. When Mrs. Hunt got married, she had also followed her to the Hunts. After so many years of working as a housekeeper, she had already reached an annual income of hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
Therefore, $150,000 wasn’t really an amount that would shock her this badly. 
She looked at the pills in the metal box and swallowed again. “Ma’am, these don’t look like Carefree Pills to me. Why do they look so much like Calming Pills?” 
Mrs. Hunt was taken aback when she heard that they were Calming Pills. After falling silent for a moment, she said, “They’ve done the right thing by giving me Calming Pills since they are suitable for my condition. It’s not like the Andersons can’t afford to give me Carefree Pills, yet they still gave me Calming Pills instead. I suppose they are still rather considerate. What’s there to kick up a fuss over Calming Pills, though? They are cheap. Besides, no matter how amazing their Calming Pills are, they can’t be worth as much as Carefree Pills, right?” 
A dumbfounded Mrs. Lewis looked at her. “They are… Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills.” 
Thud. 
The water glass in Mrs. Hunt’s hand fell on the table. She looked at Mrs. Lewis in astonishment. “What?” 
Mrs. Lewis looked at the box in her hand. “These are Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills. The smell and all that are very similar, and their name is also written on the pills. Also! There are 64 of them here!!” 
Everyone had already sung so many praises of Yvonne just because she gave one, but Nora had actually given a full 64 of them?!
Mrs. Hunt got up at once. The elderly woman walked up to Mrs. Lewis in just a few steps. She grabbed the box in her hand and said, “Let me have a look!” 
Mrs. Hunt was a very well-informed woman. She examined the pills closely. Then, she broke off a small piece from one of them and put it in her mouth to taste it. At last, she confirmed it. “These are indeed Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills.” 
She and Mrs. Lewis looked at each other after she spoke, and both of them were dazed for a while. 
After waiting for a whole ten seconds, Mrs. Hunt finally asked, “How did the Andersons get their hands on such expensive pills?” 
Mrs. Lewis was utterly stunned. “The Andersons have been dealing in traditional medicine for many generations. When you think about it carefully, it’s actually not that surprising that they would have these pills. After all, they are also a family with a solid foundation. But if that’s the case, then why didn’t Ms. Smith just say so in front of everyone just now? Because of that, they ended up secretly being mocked for nothing.” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned at her words. “Either she really doesn’t care about things like reputation and so on—it has long been said that Melissa Anderson is indifferent to fame and fortune, and is very humble—or… these pills may not be the Andersons’, so they have to be low-key about it.” 
Mrs. Lewis understood at once. “They aren’t the Andersons’? That means Mr. Hunt gave them to her so that she can give them to you without embarrassing herself?” 
Mrs. Hunt had already thought of that when Mrs. Lewis was speaking. She realized something and said, “No wonder Justin didn’t show any sign of hesitation or apology when he came to me for the pill just now. He already knows!”
She felt a lot better now and felt that her grandson was still her grandson, after all. He hadn’t changed just because he had a girlfriend now. 
She looked at Mrs. Lewis with some relief. Then, she sighed and said, “Justin sure is going through such pains for her! Say, am I being too harsh on her?” 
Mrs. Lewis comforted her. “It’s mainly because you don’t understand her character.” 
A lot of people resorted to unscrupulous means in order to marry into a wealthy family. They feigned purity, acted innocent, and put up all kinds of pretenses. Mrs. Hunt had also been through it all and had seen many like that. 
When a stray girl from the countryside suddenly appeared with an illegitimate daughter she had with someone else, how would Mrs. Hunt possibly not have anything against her? 
Mrs. Lewis said, “What you care about the most is actually still Mr. Hunt. It’s because you’re indignant on his behalf. After all, he’s so outstanding. There are so many outstanding women from good families who want to marry him, so why did he simply have to choose a woman like that…” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “Let’s observe her for a while more! If her character is passable, for Justin’s sake, I’ll still show her some courtesy when we’re in front of outsiders, even though I don’t like her! But if she doesn’t have a good character, or if she mistreats Pete, I definitely won’t let her marry into the family! Pete is the Hunts’ future!” 
Mrs. Lewis nodded. “You’re right.” 
— 
Ian gradually regained consciousness after taking the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill.
In order to prevent him from having another emotional breakdown, Joel left in advance and took Ian back to the hospital. After all, the doctors and nurses in the hospital would be able to keep his bodily functions alive for sure. 
By the time Justin and Nora went back downstairs, the way everyone looked at Nora had already changed. 
All of them were talking about the woman who became Cinderella. She was so lucky! To think she actually turned out to be Ian’s daughter! 
No one thought otherwise. 
After all, Yvette had been in a relationship with Ian back then. On top of that, he even stayed single for life because of her, so everyone naturally brought Ian into the picture. 
They completely didn’t notice that Ian had said just now that she was a daughter of the Smiths. 
Nora didn’t know any of this, though. She was still frowning and thinking about what had happened back then. 
She hadn’t just been sleeping all this time she was at the Andersons’. 
Occasionally, she would look through what her mother had left behind. 
Some of the books even contained notes and interpretations that her mother had made. 
Through those writings, she had gained a general understanding of Yvette’s character. 
The woman was aggressive and stubborn by nature. In the patriarchal environment back then, it was definitely no easy feat to rise to the challenge and become the head of the Andersons.
How would a woman like that possibly get together with Ian’s brother while she was in a relationship with him? 
If she had really fallen in love with Ian’s brother… Given her personality, she would have simply gotten together with that man instead, and been as decisive as how she had rejected Justin’s father. Why would she run away from home after she became pregnant and flee New York? 
She couldn’t help feeling that her mother didn’t seem like someone who would do that. 
When the party came to an end, Nora got Melissa to take Cherry home while she followed Justin to the hospital to visit Ian. 
After all, they hadn’t sorted out the issues they were talking about just now. They hadn’t told her which of Ian’s brothers her father was yet. 
It was already late when they arrived at the hospital. 
Joel sat quietly in the hallway late at night. He seemed to know that the two of them would come over, so he was waiting for them. 
Ian was already asleep. 
Joel said, “You can just ask me if you have any questions because I was the one who handled everything.” 
Nora lowered her head. “I want to know how you got my DNA samples.” 
Joel said unhurriedly, “Someone took a few strands of your hair when you were at the medical university the other time. The person I sent to protect you happened to be nearby, so he chased after the person and snatched the hair from him.”
“… Then have you guys ever considered that the hair might have been switched?” asked Nora. 
Joel was a little taken aback by her suggestion. 
Nora looked at the ward and said slowly but firmly, “I want to redo the DNA test..”
###Chapter 283: Her Real Father?
Chapter 283: Her Real Father? 
This particular floor was where the VIP wards were. Joel had booked the whole floor so that Ian could rest and recover better, so there was no one else in the quiet hospital corridor at the moment. 
Right after Nora spoke firmly, a sinister and displeased voice reached them. “There’s no way the hair could have been switched. My professionalism is not to be doubted!” 
Nora looked up to see someone slowly walking toward them from the darkness in front 
There was no way Nora would have noticed him while he stood there. It was as if he had blended into the darkness. 
But the moment he appeared, Nora immediately sensed his presence. 
The man was very skinny. He was fully dressed in black and was wearing a black baseball cap. His face was very small and thin. Perhaps because he was rarely exposed to the sun, he was very pale. He had a metal stud on his left earlobe, and there was a sort of androgynous beauty to him. 
He kept his head lowered habitually and walked over to Joel while touching his baseball cap. 
Joel introduced the man to Nora. “This is Quentin, your second cousin.” 
Since he was her cousin, then that meant that they didn’t share the same father. 
Nora nodded. She observed the two men’s faces carefully, feeling like Quentin and Joel looked nothing alike.
Joel looked gentler. His fox-like eyes had a sly and wily look in them, and he looked like he was smiling. Even when he didn’t smile, he still gave off a very gentle feeling. 
Not only did Quentin look different, but the aura around him also felt colder and more sinister. 
While Nora was curiously observing them, Quentin glared at her and said, “What are you staring at? I’ll dig out your eyeballs if you continue to stare.” 
Nora: “…” 
Why did she feel like that second cousin of hers felt a little like a teen with delusions of grandeur? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little. Before she could speak, Quentin said, “Don’t think I’ll treat you differently just because you’re my cousin. I’m different from the other Smiths. They may want a younger sister, but I don’t! Also, Uncle Ian is like a father to me. If you make him unhappy, I won’t betray him, let alone like you!” 
Nora: “…” 
After speaking as though he was swearing an oath, Quentin finally got to the point and said, “Also, it’s impossible that your hair was switched. That man was constantly under my watch from the point he took your hair to the end of his escape that day!” 
He stretched out two fingers and jabbed them forward. “It’s impossible for any of his actions to escape my eyes!” 
Nora: “…” 
She silently looked at Joel and asked with her eyes: ‘Is Quentin a loony?’ 
Joel: ‘… That’s the way he is.’
Nora retracted her gaze and said, “Alright. Assuming the hair is correct and hasn’t been switched, why not do another paternity test for me and my so-called father?” 
No matter what, she didn’t find the DNA report saying they were uncle and niece believable. 
Quentin sneered, “What do you mean by ‘assuming’? I told you, it’s impossible that the hair was switched! Are you still doubting my abilities?” 
Nora: “…” 
She straight-up ignored him and looked at Joel instead. 
Joel kept quiet for a moment before he finally said, “It’s because your father may be Ryan Smith, our second uncle.” 
Nora caught a keyword. “May be?” 
Joel coughed and replied, “Uncle Ryan also disappeared half a year after your mother. It was later confirmed that your mother had died, but Uncle Ryan remains missing even today. We have already checked my other uncles. You aren’t their daughter, so the only remaining possibility is Uncle Ryan. Moreover, Uncle Ryan and your mother ran away from home one after the other. Before he left, he even said that he was going to search for your mother, so…” 
Even if Ian didn’t believe that Yvette was such a person, the DNA test report was right in front of him. Everything that had happened back then was also fresh in his memory. One said that she had fallen in love with someone else and wanted to leave, while the other said that he wanted to look for her. With all these put together, he had no choice but to believe it. 
Nora: “…”
The previous generation’s story sure was cheesy! 
However, she still didn’t believe it. 
She mused for a moment and asked, “Did Uncle Ryan leave anything behind? Doesn’t he have any children?” 
Joel shook his head. “No, he doesn’t.” 
Nora glanced at him. 
Joel explained, “I’m the eldest brother’s son. Quentin and Warren are my fourth uncle’s sons. The rest of my siblings are my fifth uncle’s children.” 
The previous generation of the Smiths had six sons and no daughters. 
The current generation had seven sons and still no daughters, except for Yvonne, who was adopted. 
Nora suggested, “… In that case, let’s do a retest for me and… Uncle Ian?” 
Joel knew that she was no simple woman, and had already interacted with her before. She probably wouldn’t believe it unless she did the test herself. 
Therefore, he nodded. 
As soon as he did, a dissatisfied voice reached them. “Are you also doubting me, Joel?” 
Joel: “…” 
Quentin let out a cold snort. “When have I ever made a mistake all these years I worked for you?” 
Joel: “…”
Quentin turned and walked away. 
Joel ignored him and went into the ward instead. A short while later, he took some of Ian’s hair with the follicles attached and handed them to Nora. 
Before Nora could say anything, Joel added, “I took the samples myself.” 
Nora: “…” 
Nora coughed and nodded. Then, with the DNA samples, she got ready to leave with Justin. She had only taken a couple of steps when she suddenly looked at Joel and said, “I can cure him.” 
Joel kept quiet for a long while. 
It had also been the Andersons’ Carefree Pills that were able to prolong his life back then. Although the Myerses had claimed that the medicine was theirs, he had already found out the truth a long time ago. 
But he knew that Ian would definitely refuse to take them if he knew the medicine was from the Andersons, so he had kept it from him all this time. 
Nora was saying that she could cure him… 
Joel shook his head. “Uncle Ian won’t let you.” 
Nora’s very existence was proof of Yvette’s betrayal and was a thorn in Ian’s heart. How would he possibly allow Nora to treat his illness? 
Nora didn’t insist. She turned and started to walk out. 
She had only taken a couple of steps when she suddenly sensed something. Her head whipped to the side to see that Quentin had started following beside her at some point.
Nora raised her eyebrows, but before she could say anything, Quentin had already spoken. He said, “Don’t be narcissistic. I’m not protecting you because I like you but because I have to complete the task I was given. Besides, I’m duty-bound to protect all the Smiths!” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment before she said, “… I don’t need you to protect me.” 
Quentin was surprised. “What’s wrong with me?” 
Nora looked him up and down. He was so skinny, how strong could he possibly be? 
Quentin understood the look in her eyes. He became even more arrogant. He lifted his chin and said, “Do you know? There are fewer than five people in all of New York who can beat me! Apart from the two martial arts masters of the Quinn School of Martial Arts and the Irvin School of Martial Arts, the former’s Big Sister and the latter’s Big Brother are the only ones I can’t beat in a fight! I was the one who protected you when you were almost killed the other time.. You’d better be nice to me, otherwise, I won’t protect you anymore!”
###Chapter 284: Golden Words of Advice
Chapter 284: Golden Words of Advice 
Nora fell silent for a moment upon hearing his words. 
Justin, who was watching from the side, couldn’t hold himself back, and he chuckled softly. 
His little Nora simply had too many secret identities. She didn’t want to reveal even a single one. Once she told Quentin that she was the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister, would he become her… fan? 
The three left the hospital. Nora got in the car and went back to the Andersons’. 
Quentin didn’t follow her, but Nora knew that he was definitely somewhere nearby. Should she meet with danger, he would definitely rush over immediately. 
This inexplicable feeling of being protected by someone else sure was… 
By the time she returned to the Andersons’, Lily had already sent someone over to personally bring the samples abroad for a DNA test. After all, her little laboratory was located overseas. 
After seeing the person off, she went upstairs. When she found that Cherry was already asleep, she got onto the bed gently, hugged Cherry, and fell asleep happily. 
When she went downstairs after waking up the next day, she saw Melissa, Simon, Mrs. Anderson, and even Sheena. The few of them were sitting on the sofa with solemn looks on their faces. 
A puzzled Nora went downstairs. When Mrs. Anderson saw her, she sighed and asked, “Nora, are you going to move to the Smiths’ residence?” 
Nora: “?”
She raised her eyebrows and looked at Mrs. Anderson in confusion. 
Mrs. Anderson sighed. “It’s okay even if you move there. That’s the way it should be. After all, your father is there… I’m just worried that you’ll have a hard time after you move there.” 
Nora knew that Mrs. Anderson was reluctant to part with her. After all, she looked almost just like Yvette. Mrs. Anderson thought of the daughter she was the proudest of every time she saw her, right? 
With that in mind, she replied, “I probably won’t move to the Smiths’ for the time being.” 
Mrs. Anderson’s eyes lit up at once. “Really?” 
Nora nodded. 
Her words, however, took Melissa by surprise. “Why not? Didn’t Ian already acknowledge you right there and then?” 
Nora had returned too late the night before, so she hadn’t told them what had happened yet. She touched her nose and said, “You may be mistaken, Aunt Melissa. My father is not Ian.” 
Melissa: “” 
She was dumbfounded. “Your father isn’t Ian? Then why did he acknowledge you as a Smith yesterday? Is he planning to take you as his god-daughter? That… shouldn’t be, right? He has been treating Yvette like a taboo all these years. Not only has he never visited us, but he also never appears at any events the Andersons go to…” 
Nora said, “… They said that my father is Ian’s elder brother, Ryan Smith.” 
“Him?” 
“That’s impossible!”
Melissa and Sheena’s voices rang out at the same time, and both of them looked at her in shock. 
Melissa’s reaction was considered normal—she was just surprised. However, Sheena’s sudden sensitivity was such that Nora couldn’t help but cast a few more glances at her. 
Sheena clenched her fists. “It can’t be him!” 
“Why?” asked Nora. 
“Because… because…” 
Sheena stammered, unable to give a reason. In the end, she insisted, “In any case, it just can’t be him!” 
Nora frowned. 
Sheena’s eyes became evasive. 
Melissa asked, “Why did they say that?” 
Nora replied, “They produced a DNA test report done for Ian and me. It says that we are uncle and niece.” 
Everyone: “…” 
Mrs. Anderson smacked her thigh. “What a sin! Why would Yvette possibly two-time? If she liked Ryan, then why mess with Ian? And end up like that!” 
Her eyes were red. 
Sheena said, “Even if they are uncle and niece, her father may not necessarily be Ryan. Ian has so many brothers, who knows if she’s someone else’s daughter instead…” 
But after speaking, she sneered, “But no matter whose daughter you are, you are living proof that your mother betrayed Ian! Don’t be fooled by how Joel is the head of the Smiths now. Ian has been in power for so many years, he’s not someone to be messed with at all! Joel listens to him 100% of the time. After giving it some thought, I think there are two reasons why he publicly acknowledged you as a Smith.” 
After she changed the subject, the rest stopped fixating on the issue about Ryan but looked at her instead. 
Sheena had always been a career woman. She had been active in the world of commerce for many years and was relatively perceptive about a lot of things. She said, “Firstly, all the Smiths are protective of their own. Since you’re part of the Smiths, they will never allow outsiders to bully you. Of course, this doesn’t stop Ian from detesting you. Secondly, I reckon the Smiths did it so that they can form a political marriage with the Hunts.” 
Realization suddenly dawned upon Melissa. “That makes sense. Originally, Yvonne Smith was supposed to marry Justin, but now that he has chosen Nora, bringing her back into the family won’t affect the relationship between the two families.” 
Every decision that the rich and powerful made had its subsequent meaning and purpose. They were by no means simple. 
Nora raised her eyebrows but did not speak. 
Instead, she was pondering over why Sheena had said that it was impossible for Ryan to be her father. 
Did she know something? 
While she was wondering about it, Sheena looked at her again. She said, “No matter what, the Smiths will definitely do some surface-level work and give you some shares and money when you get married. In that respect, they won’t mistreat you. Neither will the Andersons. But I have something to tell you.”
Her posture was straight, and the black tight-fitting outfit she was wearing made her look capable and shrewd. 
Melissa interrupted her. “Sheena, Nora understands…” 
Sheena sneered, “I haven’t even said anything, yet you already know that she understands? Is she so delicate that no one can say anything about her?” 
Her words made Melissa choke. 
Sheena looked at Nora. “What I want to tell you is—since you and Justin are in a relationship, there are a few things that you must never touch!” 
Nora knew that Sheena was saying all these for her sake, so she could only say politely, “Do tell.” 
Based on the news about the Hunts that she had found out, Sheena said, “Justin’s mother lives in the suburbs. She’s said to be very difficult to get along with, so you’d best stay away from her and avoid making her angry. Otherwise, once Justin is caught between his mother and you, who knows who he would choose!” 
Melissa nodded and echoed, “Nora, Sheena is right!” 
… Could she say that she had already formed such a good relationship with the other party that they were now god-sisters? 
Seeing that even Melissa had agreed with her, Sheena went on. “Also, you must treat Peter Hunt well after you marry him.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Sheena said, “I know you’ll definitely want to have a son of your own with Justin so that he can fight for the position of the head of the family. However, we Andersons must rely on our own abilities. As long as
he’s more outstanding, he can definitely achieve it, so don’t use those unsavory methods, that people use in the countryside, on Peter Hunt.” 
Nora: “?” 
Sheena sneered, “Those methods are just our mere leftovers. Don’t be fooled by the Hunts’ matriarch’s old age, and how she was glossing things over and defending you in front of outsiders at the party last night. She’s actually very shrewd and isn’t to be messed with. You have to maintain a good relationship with Justin’s son, get it?” 
Before Nora could say anything, Melissa smiled and said, “You don’t have to worry about that! Because Peter Hunt is—”
###Chapter 285: To The Smiths’!!
Chapter 285: To The Smiths’!! 
Before she could finish, Sheena cut her off. “What do you mean by I don’t have to worry about that? She’s from the countryside, so she lacks foresight. Once she marries into the Hunts and becomes blinded by their wealth, in the event she loses her mind and does something, it’s the Andersons who will be implicated! Some things have to be said in advance so that her heart won’t stray!” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Mrs. Anderson kept quiet for a while and said nothing. 
Nora looked as indifferent as ever. 
Melissa, whom she had interrupted, only smiled and said nothing upon hearing what she said. 
Seeing how all three of them had such odd looks on their faces, Sheena could only ask, “What are all of you laughing at?” 
Only then did Melissa reply, “It’s nothing. I just wanted to say that the situation you mentioned won’t arise at all—because Peter Hunt is also Nora’s son.” 
“…” 
Sheena was taken aback for a moment. “Of course, he’s also her son once they are married. But you have to really treat him like your own. Everyone has feelings; if you treat him well, once he grows up, he’ll still have a close relationship with you even if his real mother finds him…” 
Melissa sighed. “That’s not what I meant. What I mean is, Nora is Peter Hunt’s real mother.”
“…” 
Sheena was stunned. She subconsciously said, “How can that be?” 
Melissa explained, “Nora gave birth to a pair of boy-girl twins back then. One of them is Cherry, and the other is Peter Hunt. They have also acknowledged each other recently, just that they aren’t married yet. We have no way of ensuring Cherry’s safety here, that’s why it wasn’t publicly announced.” 
Sheena: “!!!” 
She got up abruptly and looked at Nora incredulously. “So, Justin Hunt is the stray man that you slept with?” 
Nora: “…” 
Melissa’s lip corners also spasmed. 
Sheena was even more impressed by Nora now. “That must have been some sheer dumb luck! I knew there was no way you would catch Justin’s eye. As it turns out, it’s because of that!” 
Everyone was speechless. 
The few of them all fell silent. It was at this moment that a voice came from the door. “Sir, Ma’am. Mr. Smith is here.” 
Mr. Smith? Which Mr. Smith? 
While they were wondering about it, they saw Joel walking in with his eyes narrowed. 
All of them got up in unison when they saw him, just like how they behaved whenever they saw Justin. Simon stepped forward. “Mr. Smith? Why are you here?”
Joel looked at Nora. “I’m here to take her home.” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows in confusion. “Home?” 
Joel nodded. “Yes. The Smiths’ residence is your home.” 
Then, he added, “These are Uncle Ian’s instructions. After all, you and Justin have already publicly announced your relationship, and the Smiths have also acknowledged you. If you don’t move to the Smiths’, outsiders will definitely speculate.” 
Nora: “…” 
Just as she was about to refuse, Joel said, “Besides, the Smiths’ security system is also better.” 
Security system… 
Nora fell silent for a brief moment. 
To be honest, now that Justin had publicly revealed her identity, there was no doubt that she was already in the public eye. The words that her mother had left her echoed in her ears: ‘… Stay mediocre and avoid being in the limelight. Otherwise, your life will be in danger!’ 
Originally, she hadn’t believed it. However, when someone stole her hair and almost stabbed her to death at the medical university, she had immediately realized that there were indeed people watching her and itching to act. 
She wasn’t afraid. 
She could deal with them even if they sent a few more people.
But what about Cherry? 
Cherry was already in great danger at the moment. Although Quentin was protecting them, it was still very dangerous at the Andersons’ at night. 
But if she went to the Smiths, things would be different. 
Besides, she could also look for an opportunity to treat Ian’s illness… 
After thinking about it, Nora said, “Okay, I’ll go with you.” 
She didn’t want to give Cherry to Justin. If both children were to stay with Justin, she wouldn’t have any chance of escaping in the future. 
In that case, her only option was to go to the Smiths’. She could also take a look at what kind of person Ryan was along the way, and determine whether he really was her father or not. 
Mrs. Anderson didn’t expect that Nora would agree to leave when she had only just said that she wouldn’t a while ago. For a moment, she couldn’t quite bear to part with her. 
Surprisingly, it was Melissa who grabbed her arm and said, “Mom, you mustn’t stop her.” 
Mrs. Anderson was taken aback. “But Ian’s attitude toward her…” 
Melissa sighed. “Mom, no matter what kind of attitude Ian takes toward Nora, she is still a daughter of the Smiths. For Nora’s sake, let her go to the Smiths. This way, she’ll marry as a Smith in the future. At least to outsiders, her status would be on par with Justin’s. But if she doesn’t go to the Smiths, the Andersons… have really become down-and-out after so many years!”
Melissa had never been one to believe in talk about families having to be good matches with each other when it came to marriage. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have married into the down-and-out Andersons back when she was still a Wood. However, she was worried that Nora would suffer injustice. 
Besides, this was Nora’s choice. She must have her own reasons, too. 
She mustn’t stop the children from building a life of their own. 
After saying that, she went upstairs with Nora to help her pack her things. 
Nora’s belongings were very simple. She only had a few pieces of clothing. It was instead Cherry’s clothes that she had a lot to pack. 
Seeing how Melissa was stuffing clothes into the suitcase, Nora said, “You don’t have to pack them all in. We can still wear them when we come back and stay here once in a while.” 
The moment she said that, Melissa suddenly said, “Oh, that’s right. We’re all in New York, so you’ll still be able to come back.” 
After speaking, Melissa wiped the corners of her eyes while Nora was not paying attention. 
She got up, held Nora’s hand, and said, “Nora, although we haven’t spent much time together, I have always treated you as my daughter. Even though you’re leaving with Joel and going to the Smiths, you don’t have to feel restrained. Just do whatever you have to do. No matter what happens, just be yourself!” 
“… Okay.” 
She was rather moved.
Apart from Aunt Irene who had treated her a little better than others, no one had ever treated her so intimately before. 
She could see a mother in Melissa. It felt as if all mothers in the world should be as calm and elegant as her. 
She suddenly reached over and gave Melissa a hug. 
Melissa patted her on the back. 
Nora separated from her right after hugging her because she wasn’t used to such intimate actions. The two exited the room and saw Simon standing outside. In a voice that was neither too loud nor too soft but just enough for Joel to hear, he said, “Nora, this will always be your home, no matter what happens! You can come back anytime if you suffer any injustice!” 
Simon said firmly, “The Andersons may not be comparable to the Smiths or the Hunts… but as long as Uncle Simon is still alive, you’ll never go hungry!” 
Joel raised his eyebrows when he heard him. 
He knew that Simon was hinting to him that he mustn’t bully Nora. 
He looked down and said nothing. 
Nora smiled. She was about to speak when her cell phone suddenly rang. She picked it up and took a look—it was Lily calling from overseas. 
Was the DNA test report out?
###Chapter 286: Results of the DNA Test
Chapter 286: Results of the DNA Test 
Nora raised her eyebrows slightly and made a gesture of picking up the call and walked to the balcony at the side. 
As soon as the call connected, Lily’s tired voice came through. “Anti, the report is out.” 
Nora lowered her eyes and said coldly, “What’s the result?” 
Lily replied in English, “Your relationship with Mr. Smith is indeed not that of a father and daughter. Your DNA is not close enough.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Uncle and niece?” 
Lily replied, “Your DNA is a little off from that of a father and daughter. That’s why the previous report compared the DNA match to that of an uncle and a niece. But it’s impossible to determine if that’s true. Can you find your father’s DNA?” 
Nora: “…No.” 
If she could find it, wouldn’t she have sent it to her long ago? 
Nora was a little disappointed. Just as she was about to hang up, Lily said hesitantly, “Anti, actually, it’s not impossible that you and Mr. Smith are father and daughter.” 
Not impossible? 
What kind of relationship was that?
Nora said, “Please elaborate.” 
Lily then said, “Do you remember the last time I told you that your intelligence and genes are different from ordinary people?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Yes, and?” 
Lily said slowly, “The difference between you and Ian mostly comes from this part of your IQ genes. However, it might also be because your genes have mutated. Therefore, I said that you and Ian are very likely father and daughter. If you can find the DNA of the so-called father you’re talking about now, we can verify it. I even feel that the matching rate might not be as high as yours and Ian’s. Of course, if this is the case, it can also prove your relationship with Ian.” 
Nora frowned. 
In other words, could she be Ian’s daughter? 
However, the problem was that she could not provide evidence. She could not possibly say that her genes had mutated, right? This was too unbelievable. 
She lowered her eyes. “If I could get that so-called father’s DNA, I wouldn’t have let you test me and Mr. Smith.” 
Lily: “…That’s right. Am I being silly?” 
“Not totally.” 
Nora lowered her eyes slowly. “At least you let me know that there is another possibility.” 
Lily nodded. “Yes, you’d better go to the Smiths now and try to find a way to get your father’s DNA, something that’s still thee even more than twenty years later.”
Nora: “…For example?” 
He had been gone for more than twenty years. Where could she get live DNA? 
However, Lily said, “For example, from the wisdom teeth or milk teeth? Don’t people keep those around after they’re plucked out?” 
Nora: “…That’s a little disgusting.” 
“…” 
“I’m hanging up.” 
After Nora hung up, she thought for a while and suddenly patted her head. She felt that she was so silly. 
If she wanted to know who her father was, she could find out who had gone to California back then. 
She raised an eyebrow and went downstairs. 
Joel was waiting for her in the living room. At this moment, Cherry was talking to him adorably. “So Mia’s father is my uncle. No wonder Mia is so cute like Cherry!” 
Joel nodded. “Yeah.” 
Cherry said, “Uncle, you’re so good-looking. You’re the type my mommy and I like. You’re harmless and beautiful!” 
“…” 
“By the way, Uncle, can I live with Mia after we go to the Smiths? I like Mia the most. Also, Brandon is my underling. Do you know that?”
Joel: “…Okay.” 
This child was so talkative! 
As he was feeling conflicted, he saw Nora coming downstairs. He instantly heaved a sigh of relief and walked over to pick up her luggage. “Let’s go.” 
Nora was not fearful at all because Joel was helping her carry her luggage. Instead, she followed behind him calmly. After the group of them went out, a secretary helped Joel take the luggage. 
Joel coming to pick her up personally was giving Nora enough face. 
— 
An hour later, they finally arrived at the Smiths’ residence. 
Joel got out of the car. With the help of the servants at home, he took the lead and walked in front. He turned back to look at Nora and saw that after she got out of the car, she completely ignored Cherry. 
On the other hand, Cherry jumped out of the car and skipped beside her while looking around. Her small eyes were like black grapes. There was no hint of the surprise she should have upon seeing the Smiths’ manor. Instead, there was some admiration. 
That’s right. Justin’s daughter must have lived in the Hunts for a period of time. She didn’t look like a child who had not seen the world. 
Unknowingly, Joel slowed down his footsteps and asked her, “Do you like it? How does the Smiths’ house compare to the Hunts’?” 
Cherry looked up and said, “More or less the same. But Dad prepared a princess room for me. Do you have one here?”
Joel: “!!” 
A princess room… He didn’t have it here! 
After all, it was a last-minute decision to bring the two of them to the Smiths’ residence. 
However, when he met Cherry’s big eyes, which were like black grapes, he coughed and said, “Yes, there will be.” 
Cherry: “Yeah! I’m not leaving then. Little Princess Lucy still wants me to play with her!” 
Lucy? 
Joel narrowed his eyes. 
The royal family of the UK did have a little princess named Lucy. She was only five years old this year, but she was friends with Cherry? 
One had to know that the UK was a country that valued blood relations the most. The aristocrats looked down on the commoners. 
Therefore… 
Joel glanced at Nora. This little cousin of his was not simple? 
After Nora followed Joel into the Smiths, Joel brought her upstairs. 
He found a relatively spacious guest room for her and instructed, “I was in a hurry to pick you up, so I’ll have to trouble you to stay here for the time being. The room beside is being renovated. It’ll be your boudoir.”
Nora did not care about this. Moreover, the guest room was quite spacious. The important thing was that the bed was quite comfortable. She nodded. “Okay.” 
Seeing that she had no other thoughts, Joel left the living room and went to the office. 
On the way, he received a call from Mia. “Dad, Cherry is here. Can I let her stay with me?” 
Her daughter’s room was a princess room, and the two children could stay there. 
Joel agreed. 
However, as soon as he arrived at the company, the company’s Internet staff hurriedly found him. “Mr. Smith, our Internet has been hacked!” 
Joel was taken aback. “Who hacked it?” 
The manager of the Internet Department shook his head. “I don’t know, but the other party has retrieved Mr. Ian’s schedule from 25 years ago!” 
25 years ago? 
Where had Third Uncle been? 
Joel followed the manager of the Internet Department into the secret room and saw Ian’s schedule for the entire year 25 years ago..
###Chapter 287: Overeat!
Chapter 287: Overeat! 
Ever since Yvette left New York, Ian had been busy and almost never returned home. He would fly around outside every day and build up the business. 
Actually, he was using work to numb himself. 
However, the cities he had been to included foreign countries and major cities in the country. He had never been to California. 
When Joel saw this clearly, he saw that the webpage had automatically changed to Ryan’s itinerary. Only then did he realize that 25 years ago, Ryan had once reserved a ticket to California! 
Joel: “” 
First, the hacker investigated Ian’s whereabouts, and now, he was investigating Ryan’s whereabouts… It went without saying who had hacked into the Smiths’ system. 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He felt that Mr. Hunt was really too free. He had really put in so much effort to confirm his girlfriend’s identity. 
After all, the Smiths’ security system had been designed by the best. Other than the Hunts, no one else had the ability to hack in, right? 
However, when he realized that the other party had only investigated this and had silently withdrawn, he simply did not pursue the matter. After all, the hacker had not peeked at their company’s secrets. 
—
At the Smiths. 
After Nora investigated, she frowned even more. 
Ryan had been to California, but Ian had not been to California in the year before she was born. Therefore, she couldn’t possibly be Ian’s child, right? 
She sighed silently and exited the computer. Then, she looked around the guest room. 
The guest room was a hundred square meters and was a private room. Apart from the master bedroom, there was the living room and study room. She packed her luggage and lay on the bed. 
The soft bed was very comfortable, and she fell asleep unknowingly. 
When she woke up, it was already dark. 
She got up and stretched, then took out her phone and took a look. She realized that there were a few WeChat messages from Justin. 
JH: “What are you doing? Have lunch together?” 
JH: “Are you sleeping? Shall we eat together tonight?” 
JH: “It’s already 5 PM. Are you still sleeping?” 
JH: “It’s already 8 PM. Why aren’t you awake yet?” 
Nora: “…” 
She yawned and replied: “I’m awake.” 
The other party replied instantly: “Shall we have supper together?”
Nora: “…” 
She replied: “Just eat something. I’m busy.” 
JH: “What are you busy with?” 
Nora: “I want to sleep after eating.” 
JH: “…” 
After sending this message, Nora threw her phone aside and went out. 
A few days ago, she had not slept for two days in order to refine medicine for Mrs. Hunt. Therefore, she must sleep more these few days. 
The guest room was on the second floor. As they left and walked along the corridor, they heard voices in the dining room downstairs. 
Yvonne was a little worried. “Warren, are you really not going to wake her up? She didn’t even eat dinner… Perhaps she feels embarrassed?” 
Warren sneered. “Hmph, who cares if she eats or not! Who is she putting on airs for?! I thought she was Uncle Ian’s daughter and that we finally have a biological cousin. I didn’t expect her to be Uncle Ryan’s daughter! That’s too much! How can Uncle Ryan snatch Uncle Ian’s woman? Although this cousin is his biological daughter and is related by blood, I can’t like her!” 
With that, the servant beside him said, “Then, Sir Warren, is there any food left in the kitchen?” 
Yvonne lowered her eyes and said, “Of course. Warren, she has also come to our house and is our eldest miss. We definitely have to save her some food.”
Warren was indeed furious. “Who does she think she is? Yvonne, don’t worry. I definitely won’t distance myself from you just because she’s related to me by blood. In my heart, you’re the only sister I have!” 
Yvonne sighed in relief. 
Having grown up in this family, she knew better than anyone else how indulgent this family was to girls! 
Not to mention how much her uncles from the previous generation doted on her, but even at this age, they were still desperately trying to have a baby girl. 
The older brothers of this generation definitely had a sister complex! 
Take the last time she attended the Hunts’ birthday banquet. Warren had bought the most expensive gown for her, not for his own wife. 
Although she was not a biological daughter, her status in the family had always been number one. 
No matter what, the best was hers. 
Therefore, she was really afraid that because of Nora, who was related to her brothers by blood, she would lose her favor. 
Hearing Warren’s words, she was relieved. 
She sighed and comforted him again. “Warren, even so, since she has moved here, we can’t let her starve. We can’t throw the food away.” 
Warren immediately said angrily, “You’re right. Even if a stray cat or dog comes to our house, it’s still a member of the Smiths. We definitely can’t let her starve.”
With that, he instructed the nanny in the most ruthless manner, “Go, save that portion of Australian lobster for her. There’s also top-grade steak. By the way, she might not like Western food. Prepare some bird’s nest porridge and little buns for her. I remember that our pan-fried buns are the best. Wrap them up for her too. When she wakes up, cook them. The freshly cooked ones are the best! Then let her choose. I want her to die from overeating!” 
The nanny: … 
Yvonne: … 
Nora, who was preparing to go downstairs:  
Yvonne’s expression changed. She had always known that her brother Warren did not know how to speak, and he would often say one thing but mean another. She clenched her fists tightly and lowered her eyes. “Warren that’s too much food. It won’t be good if it’s wasted.” 
Warren hesitated for a moment. “She’s not a fool. Would she really eat them all? Forget it. I’ll leave some for her. I’ll see what she likes to eat and prepare them tomorrow.” 
With that, he hurriedly clarified. “I’m not doing this for her good. I’m showing her how powerful Smiths are. I’m also showing her the delicacies of the Smiths so that she won’t wolf down the delicious food outside and lose our face!” 
Yvonne: “…” 
Warren did not think that he had said anything wrong. In his mind, he saw Nora wolfing down the cake at the Hunts’ banquet. At that time, Mr. Hunt had been watching from the side and his mouth had even twitched.
He must have been criticizing this girl in his heart for not being presentable! 
How could he let anyone look down on the daughter of the Smiths? 
As he was thinking about this, there was suddenly a knock on the door. Immediately, a few people walked in with hot dishes. 
The butler followed in. “Sir Warren, this is the supper Mr. Hunt had reserved for Miss Smith. He said that Miss Smith has already woken up and asked us to send it in.” 
Warren:  
Nora, who was upstairs:  
Looking at the huge plate of food, her lips twitched. 
Justin, do you think I’m a pig?!
###Chapter 288: Who Is More Respected?
Chapter 288: Who Is More Respected? 
The dining table was quickly filled. 
Warren also saw Nora, who was preparing to come downstairs. 
He instantly straightened his back and raised his neck. He pretended not to look at her, but he kept paying attention to her from the corner of his eye. 
If this person came over to greet him, he would definitely ignore her and tell her not to think that he would recognize her as a sister just because she called him Brother! 
Uncle Ian controlled the entire family. Uncle Ian’s family was the direct line of descent. The other brothers, including him, were all from the side family! 
As for Nora, she was even further away! 
After all, the hatred of snatching someone’s wife was too intense! 
Anyway, he was sent by his Uncle Ian. He would definitely not be coaxed by his sister! 
Just as he was saying this to himself, he saw Nora walking down slowly from upstairs. She walked past him and went to the dining room without saying anything. 
Warren:  
Hey, was she blind? He was a living person. Can’t she see him?
Warren was so angry that he wanted to go forward and argue, but Yvonne grabbed his hand. “Warren, you, don’t lower yourself to her level…” 
Warren snorted coldly. “I don’t care about her. I’m just not full yet! Go to the kitchen and see what else is there to eat!” 
Yvonne: “…” 
Nora ignored the two of them. She could feel Yvonne’s inexplicable hostility toward her. As for Warren… he had schemed against her in the Hunts. It was already good enough that she did not settle scores with him. How could she still greet him? 
She sat at the dining table and was not picky about what she ate. 
The food she ate was only for her to fill her stomach. Deliciousness was never within her considerations. 
Seeing that she looked like the reincarnation of a hungry ghost as she wolfed down a plate of steamed crayfish, Warren couldn’t help but feel indignant. 
He entered the kitchen casually and took out the prepared Australian lobster. He placed it on the table and sighed. “This Australian lobster is too delicious!” 
What was so good about the food sent by the Hunts? Was it better than the Smiths? 
Hurry up and throw away that small lobster that does not have much meat. Come and try the Smiths’ lobster! It’s filled with meat! 
Unfortunately, Nora acted as if she did not hear him. She took another plate of noodles and finished it in a few bites. 
The way she ate was fast and plentiful, but the sound of her eating was very soft. Whatever it was, she stuffed it into her mouth in big bites and chewed quickly before swallowing it.
Eating like this put pressure on her stomach. 
At the thought of this, Warren said, “Hey, can’t you eat more elegantly? Can’t you be a little nobler like the eldest daughter of the Smiths? You look like you haven’t eaten in 800 years.” 
Nora: “…” 
A plate of crayfish and a plate of noodles were soon gulped down by her. She took out a tissue and wiped her mouth before throwing it into the trash can. Then, she stood up and looked around before asking with a hoarse voice, “Where’s Cherry?” 
The housekeeper glanced at her and lowered her head to answer, “In Little Miss’s room. She’s going to sleep with Little Miss tonight.” 
The housekeeper looked up at Nora and added, “She took a liking to Little Miss’s princess bed and insisted on staying there.” 
With that, she pursed his lips. 
Not only that, but she had also deceived Little Miss into taking out many princess gowns to share with her. This little child was so scheming! 
Nora seemed not to have heard her answer. She asked again, “Where is Mia’s room?” 
“Turn left on the second floor, the third room.” 
Nora nodded and went upstairs. 
After she left, the housekeeper instructed the nanny to take out a cloth and carefully wipe the spot where she had sat before saying, “Take this cutlery and disinfect it.”
Warren did not care about her actions. After all, he did not even know how the nannies washed the dishes. Moreover, it was normal for the items in the house to be disinfected. 
Yvonne raised her brows. 
Nora had just gone upstairs when she heard a voice behind her. 
She took a look and realized that the housekeeper had followed her. When the housekeeper saw her, she walked beside her. “Little Miss’s room is over here. Don’t walk around recklessly. It won’t be good if you bump into the masters.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
When she walked into Mia’s room, she saw a study room with its door open. There were four main computers in it, and they were currently running. 
She only took a glance at it before the housekeeper introduced, “This is our Miss… Miss Yvonne’s work studio. She likes coding programs as a hobby. Sometimes, she would make some software with it. The firewall Miss Yvonne created has even won awards. These four main computers are servers bought at high prices overseas. Don’t barge in recklessly. If you accidentally press some button and affect Miss Yvonne’s software programming, it won’t be good.” 
These things were too familiar. Nora could not help but ask, “Is she a hacker?” 
“What hacker? This is just Miss Yvonne’s hobby. She only writes some code occasionally. Miss Yvonne is omnipotent. She knows how to arrange flowers, draw, calligraphy, violin, and piano! She’s basically won every industry award!” 
The housekeeper sounded a little proud when she said this.
Then, she said, “Although Miss Yvonne is an adopted daughter, she’s the adopted daughter of Master Ian. Her status is definitely different from the other gentlemen and ladies in the other houses. Other than Mr. Joel, all the other gentlemen dote on her very much. They treat her with respect!” 
Although some of the Smiths lived at home, some of them had moved out. 
Actually, strictly speaking, Ian was the owner of this manor. Joel had been chosen by him to become the current leader and take over his businesses. 
In ancient times, this was considered adoption for Ian. 
Warren and his wife could only be considered to be living in the manor. There were also people from the other houses who had already moved out. 
Even if Nora was the daughter of the Smiths, she was from the second branch. She was not considered the matriarch of this manor. 
The housekeeper knew very well who the owner of the house was. 
Nora glanced sideways at her upon hearing her words. 
After showing Mia’s door to Nora, the housekeeper left. 
When she went downstairs to the kitchen, she heard the nannies discussing softly. “Miss Smith is going to marry Mr. Hunt in the future. Then she will be Mrs. Hunt, and she will become the mistress of the entire Hunt Empire. But our Miss… Miss Yvonne, after she gets married, she won’t be considered a member of the Smiths anymore. In the entire New York, other than the Hunts, no one can compare to the Smiths, right? Is Miss Smith more respected, or is Miss Yvonne?”
The housekeeper immediately entered and sneered.. “Have the rules in the house been broken? Of course, the owner is the most respected!”
###Chapter 289: You Are Ian’s Daughter!
Chapter 289: You Are Ian’s Daughter! 
Florence Stone, the housekeeper in charge of internal affairs at the Smiths’, was Ian’s diehard fan. She was absolutely loyal to the Smiths and had great respect and admiration for Ian. 
She had witnessed with her own eyes how Ian had gone from someone shrewd and capable, lively and active, and someone who loved talking and smiling—to the zombie he currently was, all because of Yvette. 
She hated Yvette with every fiber of her being. 
Therefore, she always looked at things from Ian’s perspective. She reprimanded, “Even if Ms. Nora becomes Mrs. Hunt in the future, she’s still just Ms. Smith now! Mr. Ian’s daughter is the noblest of all! Although Ms. Yvonne is adopted, she’s Mr. Ian’s adopted daughter. Can’t you tell which of the two matters more?” 
The nannies hung their heads upon being reprimanded, none of them daring to speak anymore. 
— 
When Nora went to Mia’s room, the two girls were already fast asleep. 
This wasn’t the first time Cherry was sleeping together with a friend. The little fellow was carefree and slept very soundly. Mia, on the other hand, was relatively restrained. Her arms were placed on both sides properly. Even though she was asleep, her little face nevertheless made one want to dote on her. 
Nora pulled up the covers for the children and went out. 
As soon as she did, she ran into Joel who had just returned home from work. 
Nora raised her eyebrows when the two ran into each other. 
Joel was also a little surprised, though he quickly reacted. He said, “I’m here to take a look at Mia.” 
Nora nodded. 
When she stepped aside and got ready to leave, Joel suddenly said, “By the way, please tell Mr. Hunt that he can just ask us directly if there’s something he wants to know. Isn’t it a little too impolite to hack into the Smiths’ computer system without permission?” 
Nora: “” 
She was stunned for a moment before she realized that Joel had misunderstood. As she had been too anxious to know Ian’s itinerary back then, she hadn’t covered her tracks in the afternoon. This was equivalent to blatantly breaking into the Smiths’ computer system. 
She coughed but didn’t explain. Instead, she replied calmly, “I will let him know.” 
Joel stared at her. He couldn’t help feeling like something wasn’t quite right with the woman after he had said that, yet he couldn’t pinpoint the reason why. Thus, he nodded and entered Mia’s bedroom instead. 
Nora walked back to her room with a guilty conscience. She had only just taken two steps when her phone rang. 
She held it up and took a look in the silent corridor—it was actually from Justin. 
Perhaps because she was feeling too guilty, she actually picked up the call right away. She asked, “What’s up?” 
Justin said dispassionately, “Let’s switch the children back tomorrow.”
Nora’s voice was low as she asked, “Is Pete missing me?” 
“… Yeah, I guess you could say that.” Justin said, “Let’s have lunch at noon with the children and then switch them back?” 
Nora answered very sincerely, “I can’t wake up in time.” 
“How about at night, then?” 
Nora nodded without much care. “Okay.” 
After the two agreed on the time, Nora was about to hang up when Justin asked, “Was the supper good?” 
“It was alright.” After Nora answered, she thought of the lineup when the fellow sent food over earlier in the day and said, “You don’t have to go to so much trouble.” 
“It’s your first day there,” Justin explained, “I was afraid that you would be looked down upon. After all, there are too many people in this world too blind to tell good and bad people apart.” 
Looked down upon… 
Nora subconsciously thought of Florence, and the corners of her lips curled into a smile. “What’s the big deal?” 
Since she relied on the Smiths for neither food nor living expenses, it meant that she had a lot of freedom here. At the worst, she could just move out. She didn’t need anything from the Smiths. 
Apart from speaking a little sarcastically, the housekeeper didn’t really do anything, so she couldn’t be bothered to hold it against her, either.
Nora yawned and went back to her room to sleep. 
She was awakened by the alarm clock the next day. She had to send Cherry to the kindergarten. When she yawned and went downstairs, she found that Mia and Cherry were already awake and sitting at the dining table. 
Florence instructed the servants to bring the food out. Cherry’s eyes lit up when she saw that they were having pancakes for breakfast. She said, “I want pancakes!” 
She stretched out her little hand after she spoke, intending to take the plate of pancakes from the nanny. 
Florence, however, took the plate of pancakes and gave it to Mia instead. She said to Cherry, “Ms. Cherry, this is Ms. Mia’s. If you want some, I’ll get them to bring you another plate of it.” 
Cherry’s expression turned cold at once. She was about to say something when Mia pushed the plate of pancakes to Cherry. “You can have them first. They can just give me another plate of pancakes when they are done. I can eat the scrambled eggs first, yeah!” 
Cherry was distracted, plus she also had her pancakes now, so she ignored Florence and asked, “Do you eat the eggs first? I always eat the pancakes first, otherwise, I’ll choke!” 
Mia replied, “… I like eating the side dishes first and the main dish later.” 
The two children matched each other very well, and both started eating their breakfasts happily. 
Florence’s expression turned cold at the sight. She cast her eyes down and said, “Well, that’s good, too. It’s very polite of Ms. Mia to give in to a guest.” 
It was just a shame that both children were very innocent, so they didn’t think about anything else at all, despite her sarcasm.
In fact, Cherry even nodded and said, “Yes, Mia is the most polite, unlike Brandon. He doesn’t have any manners at all!” 
Mia blushed. She lowered her head and said softly, “Thank you for the compliment, Cherry.” 
“You’re welcome! We have to praise each other a little more every day, okay? This way, we’ll be happy every day, yeah!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
The two girls started munching away on their respective plates of food again after they finished talking. 
Florence: “…” 
She could only return to the kitchen. 
Seeing that Cherry didn’t get bullied, Nora’s lips curled into a smile in amusement. The girl took everything except the short end of the stick. On top of that, she was quirky and eccentric. Not many in the house were her match. 
When she was about to go downstairs, she heard the door beside her open. Joel, who had likely stayed up late the night before, came out. He had some shadows under his eyes, and he was frowning, which toned down his usually smiling face and made him look a little more serious. 
But when he saw Nora, his frown gradually softened, and the gentle look returned to his countenance, making him look perfect and flawless. He said, “You don’t have to get up so early, Ms. Smith. I can take Cherry with me when I send Mia to school.” 
Nora didn’t stand on ceremony at all. She turned, started walking upstairs, and said, “I’m counting on you, then.”
Joel: “…” 
— 
By the time Nora woke up once more, she had finally made up for her lack of sleep. 
The groggy feeling in her head finally disappeared, and her entire self seemed reborn. 
She loosened her muscles and went out, intending to see if Cherry was back yet so that she could take her out for dinner with Justin. 
However, the moment she came out of her bedroom, someone suddenly rushed right over to her. He looked old and aged, but because he had burns on his face, his original looks couldn’t be made out anymore.. He stared at Nora for very long before he finally said, “You are Ian’s daughter!”
###Chapter 290: A Strange Madman~
Chapter 290: A Strange Madman~ 
Nora’s pupils shrank upon hearing what he said, and she looked at him abruptly. 
It was completely impossible to make out the man’s facial features, and his entire self looked rather savage and terrifying. The skin around his eyes was all burned, so he had only two dark holes to see with. 
Ordinary people would surely be shocked at his appearance. 
However, Nora had seen much scarier things on the operating table, so she merely raised her eyebrows calmly and asked, “Why do you say that?” 
The man tilted his head. As though he was crazy, he replied, “Because you don’t look like Ryan! You look like Ian!” 
Nora: “…” 
Her looks mostly took after her mother, so she only slightly resembled Ian. Moreover, it was said that the slight resemblance also looked very much like Ryan. 
Besides, even if Ian was her uncle, it was normal that they would resemble each other a little. 
Just as she was about to say something, the man jumped and exclaimed, “Haha! You are Ian’s daughter! Ian has a daughter now! The Smiths also have a daughter now! This is awesome…” 
Nora was about to speak again when the butler in charge of the Smiths’ external affairs rushed in with a few men. He let out a sigh of relief upon seeing him. “I finally found you!” 
He rushed over, and a few security guards held the man down.
The external butler looked at Nora nervously. “He didn’t offend you, did he, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora: “?” 
The puzzled woman asked, “He is?” 
The butler sighed. “He’s a madman, we all call him Old Maddy. A few years ago, he came to our door to beg, and we simply couldn’t drive him away, no matter what we did. He just kept staying outside stubbornly. If we called the police, he just came back again every time the police took him away. He even asked for delicious food. In the end, the old sir told us to let him stay and give him some food, and just take it that we’re doing a good deed. We arranged for him to stay in a small house in the yard, but for some reason, when he heard today that a new young lady of the Smiths has come, he started to shout excitedly that the old sir has a daughter now, and broke in. He has always been well-behaved and has never given anyone trouble all these years, so I didn’t think that he would suddenly go crazy and run up to your door. I’m really sorry.” 
Nora waved. “It’s fine.” 
She looked again at the madman that had been held down. As the skin on his face was all burned, one couldn’t tell what he looked like or how old he was. Judging from the wrinkles on his hands, however, the man was likely quite advanced in age and was at least fifty years old. 
As she walked toward the lower floor with the butler, she asked, “What is his background?” 
The butler replied, “He’s just a beggar. The ID card we found on him stated that he’s from a small town near the mountains. A huge fire burned down his home, so he came out to beg when he had no way out… The old sir said that he definitely wouldn’t have taken him in if he were mentally sound—after all, he’s physically able to make a living for himself—but since he is in this state, then it was alright.” 
Nora looked at the madman again while listening to the butler.
The man’s hair was dirty, and he looked like he hadn’t had a bath in a very long while. Although his clothes were intact and didn’t have any patches, they were also dirty and covered in dust and dirt. 
One could tell that the Smiths hadn’t abused him. It was just that he was mentally ill, so he was dirtier than ordinary people. 
Perhaps because he sensed her disdain, the butler explained, “He has burns on his body, so his skin has always been in poor condition. It’s very uncomfortable for him if he takes a hot bath, so he runs off and kicks up a fuss as soon as we give him a bath. As a result, we only give him a bath once a month. It’s also mainly because he usually lives in an empty small house in the yard, and doesn’t meet with anyone.” 
Nora nodded. 
The butler asked the security guards to take him away. Even when they had walked a distance away, she could still hear the butler threatening him. “If you run in there again, I’ll kick you out! And I won’t give you burgers anymore! You hear me?” 
“Burgers! Burgers! I wanna eat burgers!” 
The madman jumped around and followed the few of them. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Then, she shook her head and paid no further attention to the matter. She turned and walked into the living room. 
Warren and Maureen were both on the sofa. Their necks were craned as they looked at the door anxiously. Obviously, they were also waiting for Brandon to return from school.
Although the boy was all brawn and no brains, he was born into a rather blissful family. 
While Nora was thinking about it, Maureen saw her. She waved at once and called out, “Nora! Let’s go downstairs and have dinner together?” 
Nora shook her head. “I’m waiting for Cherry, we’re going out for dinner.” 
Maureen suddenly winked at her. “With Mr. Hunt?” 
“Yeah.” 
After Nora answered her, Warren gave the crayfish and pasta plates in front of him a small push and snorted. “Are the Smiths unable to feed you? Do you have to go out for meals every day? Or are the Smiths giving you too little pocket money that you have to get Justin to treat you to meals? Are the Hunts’ meals better than the food at home?!” 
Nora: “” 
She raised her eyebrows, but before she could speak, someone had smacked Warren on his head. Maureen chastised him angrily, “Can’t you speak properly?” 
Warren rubbed his head and glared at Maureen. “What are you doing?” 
Maureen ignored him and looked at Nora instead. “Don’t mind him, Nora. He’s in a panic and in a bad mood because a game developed by the company has a major bug that can’t be fixed, that’s why he’s talking as if he has just eaten a whole load of gunpowder. Just ignore him. He actually does care about you. He bought the crayfish and pasta for you.” 
Nora: “?”
Warren looked as if he wanted to explode, though. He said, “Who says I bought it for her? You’re obviously the one who likes it, so why are you saying so much?” 
“… Okay, okay. I’m the one who likes it, okay?” said Maureen. 
She sneered, “I wonder who it was that saw her eating crayfish so happily yesterday and traveled a long way to buy the best crayfish in New York!” 
Nora: “!!” 
She tilted her head to the side and thought about it. She had indeed eaten crayfish and pasta the day before, but this didn’t mean that she liked eating them! 
Why was Warren behaving so strangely?! 
Warren snorted and continued to hold his laptop. He stared at the programming code on the screen and muttered to himself, “It doesn’t look like there’s a problem, so why is there a bug?” 
Maureen said, “What would someone like you who only knows a little about programming know? You might as well leave it to a professional to solve it!” 
Warren snorted. “Don’t you think I’ve already done that? There are so many technicians in the company, but they still haven’t found it even after searching for a whole day and night! Our game has only just launched. If this continues for one more day, all of our users are gonna disappear!” 
Nora subconsciously glanced at his computer. 
Warren, who caught her action, sneered, “What are you looking at? Can you even understand what this is?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed and she answered earnestly, “I… do understand what it is..”
###Chapter 291: A Debt~
Chapter 291: A Debt~ 
Warren was taken aback the moment she said that. 
Maureen asked in surprise, “You can understand it?” 
Nora nodded. She was about to speak when Yvonne’s voice reached them. “Were you looking for me, Warren?” 
At the sight of Yvonne, Warren instantly got up and walked over with the computer. He said, “Yvonne, come and take a look at this for me. What’s wrong with the game? None of the technicians in the IT department can find the problem. If this goes on… the game is already live. We’ll lose all the players!” 
Nora: “?” 
When she looked over hesitantly, Maureen explained, “Yvonne is a software consultant in the company. He always goes to her for help if there are problems that the technicians can’t solve.” 
Maureen curled her lips in disdain. When she saw that Yvonne and Warren had moved to the side with the computer, she couldn’t help but sigh. “I feel so miserable, Nora.” 
‘Nora’? 
Nora raised her eyebrows. She didn’t feel that she was that familiar with Maureen yet. However, the sight of her melancholic look made her too embarrassed to say that, so she chose not to say anything, and took on the role of a listener instead. 
Maureen heaved a sigh. “Although my family, the Lights, isn’t as rich and prosperous as the Smiths, we can still be said to be a wealthy family. My parents have always pampered me, and never did they think about reaping benefits through my marriage with the Smiths. Warren and I fell in love with each other. Joel, the current head of the family, can be considered a fair and just man, so he didn’t force Warren into a political marriage or anything like that. When I tell you these things, I’m sure you’ll think that I’m leading a very blissful life, right?” 
“…” 
Nora wanted to say that she didn’t hear anything that the woman should find blissful. It seemed like the only thing that went smoothly was that she had freedom in her marriage? 
While she was thinking about it, Maureen sighed and went on. “But who would know what kind of life I’ve actually been leading in the Smiths…” 
She turned to look at Yvonne, lowered her voice, and whispered, “Do you know? When Warren asked Yvonne to be a consultant in his company, he had wanted to pay her a salary, but she refused it. After all, she does have money. She also refused when I suggested letting her become a shareholder. It sounds nice, and makes her look especially big-hearted, right?” 
Nora nodded. She wanted to say that since they were a family, Yvonne had done the right thing. 
Maureen sighed. “Yeah, after word of the incident spread, everyone talked about how kind and pure Ms. Smith was, how caring she was toward her brother, and how much she was at peace with the world… but just take a look at Warren there…” 
Nora looked over accordingly and saw Warren standing, whereas Yvonne was seated. Warren stood beside Yvonne like her lackey and pointed at the computer screen eagerly.
Whenever Yvonne said something, Warren would immediately nod repeatedly, just like a… very obedient dog. 
As soon as the thought formed in Nora’s mind, Maureen spoke again. She said, “Did you see that? She has Warren completely wrapped around her little finger. Sigh! I have quite a lot of savings from when I married into the family, and Warren also receives a lot of dividends from the company every year. When we started the game company, we just wanted something to do so that life wouldn’t be that boring. After all, there are a lot of restrictions and constraints if you work in the Smith Corporation. It isn’t much of a problem if Warren just approaches the Smith Corporation’s computer whizzes if he has a problem with his software, right? If that still doesn’t solve the problem, I’m even willing to pay a lot to hire a super hacker. But Warren keeps saying that it doesn’t make sense to get an outsider to do it when there’s his younger sister at home. 
“But once he asks for her help, our standard of living isn’t allowed to surpass Yvonne’s anymore. I like caviar, so my family sent me a bit of Almas caviar, which is very precious and almost impossible to buy. Warren said, ‘This caviar is great. Let’s give some to Yvonne’. If I refuse, it would make me look stingy; but if I give it to her, half the amount is too little, so I’ll have to give her two-thirds of it, no matter what…” 
Maureen continued to complain. “She is the young lady of the Smiths, so she eats the best food, drinks the best drinks, and wears the best clothes. I can understand all of that, but we have to give her all the things my husband buys, as well as the best things that the family gets…” 
As she spoke, Maureen paused and looked at Nora. She said, “I know you’ll definitely say that since she has helped us, we should give in to her a little in little things in life. But do you know? I’d rather spend the money and hire a computer expert because the two of us would at least be on equal standing since I paid for it. I don’t want to owe her a favor that I can’t ever repay…”
She heaved another melancholic sigh. Then, she looked at Nora and said, “Sigh, never mind. I’m sure you’ll think that I’m just whining. After all, there are people who don’t even have any food to eat, yet I’m complaining about having too little Almas caviar…” 
Nora: “…” 
To be honest, she understood. 
She also hated owing people favors the most. It was just like when Solo had been seriously ill back then. Because she had discovered his condition in time and performed an operation on him, she had saved his life. 
Solo had always wanted to pay her instead of working for her, but she knew that he would definitely disappear after she took the money, which would, in turn, lead to her having to personally take care of a lot of troublesome things subsequently. 
It took up too much of her sleeping time. 
Thus… cough. 
When she thought about it that way, it seemed like she had become the same kind of person as Yvonne? 
In that case, did Solo also find her very annoying? 
For the first time—and in a rare move—Nora began to reflect upon herself. 
On the other side, Yvonne kept a constant eye on Maureen out of the corner of her eye while she looked at the programming code for Warren. 
She didn’t know what Maureen was saying, but she was constantly talking affectionately with Nora.
A touch of dissatisfaction flashed across her eyes. 
Just how kind was she to Warren and his wife? Yet they had already converted to Nora’s side so quickly? 
She cast her eyes down and suddenly edited some of the programming code. Then, she smiled and said, “The problem’s resolved now.” 
Warren immediately gave her a thumbs up. “You’re amazing, Yvonne. All those people in the company can’t compare to you alone! Let me see… the bug is indeed gone! That’s awesome!” 
Warren thanked Yvonne and went to the side to make a phone call. 
At this point, the few children finally reached home. 
Joel hadn’t picked them up from school because of an important meeting, so it was the butler who had picked up the three children. 
Nora took Cherry out while Mia went upstairs to change. Brandon bounced around Maureen mischievously. 
Yvonne looked at them and then at Warren. She thought of Maureen’s earnest and enthusiastic attitude toward Nora just now. Suddenly, she cast her eyes down and walked toward them. Brandon was saying something and bouncing around. When he took a step back, he happened to ‘accidentally’ step on Yvonne’s feet!! 
“Ahh!” 
Yvonne let out a cry of pain and held her foot.
Her cry made Warren, who was in the distance, look over. He hurried over.. “What’s wrong, Yvonne? Brandon, quick, apologize to your aunt!”
###Chapter 292: Hitting The Child?
Chapter 292: Hitting The Child? 
Yvonne, however, held Warren’s arm. She frowned and acted as if her foot really hurt, but then said with a smile, “I’m fine, Warren. The boy didn’t mean it…” 
Practically at the same time she spoke, Brandon, who was also stunned, subconsciously asked, “How did you appear behind me, Aunt Yvonne?” 
Yvonne smiled. “I was just passing by.” 
As the little overlord of the kindergarten, Brandon was currently at the age where kids were the most rebellious and detestable, so he hated having to apologize the most. 
He scratched his head. “I didn’t mean it. It’s not like I have eyes at the back of my head…” 
His annoying speech made Warren furious. “Didn’t you hear me? I’m telling you to apologize! Stop making excuses!” 
Brandon had always been very mischievous and had damaged a lot of things at home, thereby leaving that sort of impression on Warren a long time ago. He felt that he must have done it on purpose. 
In addition, Brandon had indeed been having fun stepping on other people’s feet at home recently. He had even been playing games to see who could step on more people’s feet. 
As a result, he had misunderstood. 
There was no way the little overlord would ever apologize, though. He immediately retorted, “I didn’t do anything wrong!”
Warren was livid. 
Yvonne had just helped him. Not only had he not given her anything for it, but his son was even being so naughty? 
He decided to take the opportunity to teach Brandon a lesson and make him behave. He picked up the boy at once and smacked his butt. “Will you apologize or not?!” 
The pain made Brandon, who had never been one to behave, struggle and flail about at once. “Bad Daddy! Let me go! If you dare to beat me, I’ll also beat you when I grow up!” 
Warren was taken aback. 
Yvonne broke into a huge frown. “How can you say that, Brandon? That’s so outrageous of you! I don’t need you to apologize to me, you should be apologizing to your father instead!” 
Brandon was furious. The boy, who had never been one to allow himself to suffer any injustice, retorted, “I didn’t do anything wrong. Besides, I didn’t mean it, either. You were the one who came up to me and let yourself be stepped on, so why should I apologize?!” 
Warren instantly became even angrier. 
He lifted his hand and mercilessly smacked his butt again. “You little brat! Will you apologize or not?!” 
Loud smacks rang out as his palm landed on Brandon’s butt, making Maureen terribly distressed. 
No matter how naughty the boy was, he was still her precious baby. 
She had seen that it was Yvonne who ran into him just now, but when her husband told her son to apologize, she had subconsciously felt that she should give in to Yvonne. 
Having her son apologize wasn’t really much of a big deal, so she hadn’t stopped them.
What her son said after that had indeed been very annoying, so she had also felt that they mustn’t spoil their son when her husband decided to teach him a lesson. Which boy hadn’t suffered a thrashing before? 
But at this moment, she felt as if the blows landing on Brandon’s butt were instead landing on her heart, making her heart ache terribly. 
She rushed over anxiously. “Alright, that’s enough! Stop hitting him! You’re going to hurt the boy!” 
Warren was afraid of his wife, so he immediately let go upon hearing her. 
But as soon as he did, Yvonne said, “I know you love your son, Maureen, but spare the rod and spoil the child! He actually said that he was going to beat his father up when he grows up! You have to let him know what he has done wrong! Otherwise, he will go down a path of no return when he grows up!” 
Maureen was furious. “He isn’t your child, so of course you don’t feel bad about it! It is our responsibility to educate our son, you don’t need to bother yourself with it!” 
The look on Yvonne’s countenance became one of grievance upon being scolded. She heaved a huge sigh and said, “You’re right. Warren, Maureen, I stepped beyond the boundaries with my words.” 
Warren, however, became angry. “Yvonne was doing it for Brandon’s own good! Besides, she’s his aunt, why would she do anything to harm him? She has the right to discipline the child! Yvonne is right, boys ought to be beaten up, otherwise, he really will beat me up once he grows up! What an impertinent boy!” 
After speaking, he held his arm up and hit Brandon’s butt a few more times! 
Brandon stubbornly refused to cry, but his struggle gradually became weaker.
Maureen couldn’t stand it anymore. She pushed Warren away and grabbed her son from him. Then, she pulled down his pants and took a look—his butt was already all red and swollen! 
Maureen’s eyes instantly reddened. She shouted straight at Warren and Yvonne, “Warren, if you dare to freaking touch my son again, I will fight you!” 
Warren: “…” 
Yvonne: “…” 
Maureen was so mad that she picked up Brandon, went upstairs, and entered their bedroom. Before she went in, she looked back at Warren and said, “Warren! Do you want your son and me, or your precious little sister?! Are you intending to kill your son just for your precious little sister’s sake?! 
“I can’t live with this anymore! I’m taking my son back home! You can go and live with your sister instead!” 
With that, she slammed the door shut with a loud bang. 
Warren feared his wife the most, so he hurriedly went forward upon hearing what she said. “Dear, I…” 
But after taking a step forward, he looked back at Yvonne. 
Yvonne sighed. “Go and talk to Maureen, Warren. I’ll be fine… She must have misunderstood… Have a good talk with Maureen. Don’t make her angry, I know you’re scared of her… If it really doesn’t work, why don’t I go up with you and apologize to her?” 
There probably wasn’t any man who could stand it if someone were to say that they were scared of their wife, right?
Had it been someone else, they would definitely have patted their chest and said, “Don’t worry! I’m a man, what’s there to be scared of? You don’t have to do that!” 
However, Warren instead nodded and said, “You know me best. I’m the most afraid of her going back to her parents’ place. Let me quickly go upstairs and appease her… If I fail, I’ll have to ask you to give in and apologize to her.” 
He then went upstairs without looking back, leaving only Yvonne standing downstairs. 
She was so mad that she had to take a deep breath before she could suppress her anger. 
She knew it! Warren didn’t have a conscience at all. Now that he had a wife, he didn’t protect his sister anymore! 
Did the two of them really think that she didn’t have any means of keeping them within her control, though? 
Yvonne lowered her head and smirked. 
She would just wait for Warren to come and beg her. 
— 
Half an hour later, after Warren cried, begged, and coaxed her, Maureen finally gave in and stayed at the Smiths’ for the time being. 
She and her husband were truly in love, after all. Besides, even though their son’s injury looked serious, the doctor said that they were just simple bruises when he came over to take a look.
Warren said, “That’s my son I’m hitting, so I will definitely hold back! He won’t break so easily, don’t worry!” 
Maureen: “!!” 
Not long after the two of them made up, Warren’s cell phone rang. When he answered, the technician on the other side said, “Go and look at the game, Mr. Smith! There’s another bug! It’s a different one this time! We still haven’t found the cause of it yet. Can you ask Ms. Yvonne for help again?” 
Warren: “” 
Maureen: “?”
###Chapter 293: The Family of Three~
Chapter 293: The Family of Three~ 
Maureen was someone who refused to embarrass herself. If she asked someone for help, she would either pay them or do something for them. No matter what, she would always repay the debt she owed. 
She had only just been angry at Yvonne a moment ago because of Brandon, yet she had to beg her for help now? 
There was no way she could make herself do that. 
Warren scratched his head. “It’s okay, she’s my younger sister. It’ll be fine if I go and approach her. It doesn’t count as begging her for help. We’re family!” 
Maureen grabbed her husband who was about to go out. “I’ve had enough, Warren! Look at your son’s butt! If we were really family, would you have given him a beating if he stepped on your feet?” 
Warren was taken aback. 
Maureen pointed at him and ranted, “It’s exactly because you always feel like you owe her a favor that you unknowingly behave as if you’re beneath her. Yes, Yvonne is indeed from the Smiths’ direct lineage, but at the bottom of it all, she’s still just an adopted daughter. I’ve never seen you so wimpy even when you’re in front of Joel! Why is it that you can’t even say a single word in front of her?” 
Maureen became more and more aggrieved as she spoke. Her eyes turned red, and she cried as she shouted, “Think about how much injustice you have made me suffer all these years? Let’s just talk about the Almas caviar the other time. You clearly know that I love caviar the most while it doesn’t matter to her whether she eats it or not, yet you still forced me to give her two-thirds of it… Do you know? My mom only managed to buy the Almas caviar after asking someone for a favor and spending a lot of money! Even she couldn’t bear to eat it herself, and had given them all to me!”
Maureen wiped her tears and went on. “I was willing to overlook certain things before, but we have to make things clear now! She is your younger sister, and you have a sister complex. It’s not a problem that you want to spoil her, but she isn’t related to me by blood at all! Neither has she done anything for me! Why do I also have to repay her for the favors she’s done for you?!” 
Warren scratched his head. He panicked and said, “Don’t cry, dear. I… I just thought that good things ought to be shared, that’s all.” 
“Yeah, right! Never mind if she also likes Almas caviar, but the problem is that she doesn’t like it at all! I saw with my own eyes that she couldn’t bring herself to eat the Almas caviar after it was prepared, so she gave it to Florence, the housekeeper! I’ve kept all this to myself and have never brought it up before, but don’t you dare go too far! 
“You have two choices today, Warren Smith. One—you go to her, and we divorce! I won’t take this bullshit anymore! The second—remove her software consultant position in the company, or pay her a salary. You can even give her dividends if you want! Just don’t owe her any more favors!” 
Maureen hugged herself angrily and sobbed loudly after she spoke. 
She was full of grievances after her son suffered a beating. 
Yet now she still had to go and beg Yvonne for help! She was so goddamn full of grievances that she couldn’t get any more aggrieved than that! 
Brandon was already in pain because of the beating, but he had been holding it back all this time. However, when he saw that his mother was upset, he immediately walked over and pushed Warren. Then, he hugged Maureen and also burst into tears. He said, “Don’t cry, Mommy! Don’t cry! We won’t
talk to bad Daddy anymore! If he makes you angry, I will take off the respirator for his oxygen tank after I grow up!” 
“…” 
Warren’s lip corners spasmed. “You little brat! Do you have a conscience or not?!” 
Maureen also burst into laughter after holding it back for a brief moment. 
Brandon’s words immediately dispelled the sad atmosphere in the room. 
Warren stepped forward and put his arm around Maureen’s shoulders. “Alright, alright, dear. Although I don’t really understand what you were saying, nor do I understand what’s so delicious about the Almas caviar, I’ll listen to you, okay? We won’t go to Yvonne anymore. I’ll hire an expert hacker from outside, okay?” 
The sniffling Maureen nodded. 
She took another deep breath before she looked at Warren and asked, “Really?” 
“Yes, really.” Warren then sighed and said, “Why didn’t you tell me about the Almas caviar earlier? Had you told me, I would have bought you some. Given the Smiths’ connections, isn’t it a piece of cake to just buy some?” 
Maureen pounded his shoulder. “Do you think Almas caviar is that easy to find?” 
Warren, however, was full of confidence. “Don’t worry, I’ll definitely buy some for you!” 
The family of three finally reconciled and hugged one another happily. Because Maureen had cried a lot, her eyes were all red and swollen, so she was too embarrassed to go downstairs for dinner. Warren
decided to bring the food up instead. 
When he went downstairs, he happened to see Yvonne and Joel eating. He smiled and said, “The little brat’s butt is all swollen because of me, so he doesn’t want to come down. We’ll eat upstairs instead.” 
He then instructed the servants to deliver the food to their room. 
Joel didn’t think much about it and concentrated on feeding Mia instead. 
Yvonne raised her eyebrows. 
She’d thought that Warren wouldn’t be able to stop himself from speaking to her. This way, Maureen would definitely be embarrassed and would force Brandon to come over and apologize to her. 
She simply loved seeing Maureen having to practice forbearance even though she was clearly feeling terribly aggrieved. 
She was the true mistress of the household here! 
But why wasn’t Warren acting according to plan? 
Upstairs, the family of three went to sleep after dinner. 
However, reality always called after a heartwarming moment. 
After sleeping for some time, Maureen was woken up by the heat. She opened her eyes and found that Brandon’s limbs were all over her. The little fellow was as hot as a furnace. 
She pushed the little fellow off of her and got up, intending to drink some water. It was then that she found that there was no one on the other side of Brandon.
Surprised, she stood up. She could vaguely hear sounds coming from the balcony in the suite’s study. She drank a glass of water and walked over. 
When she reached there, she saw that because Warren didn’t want to wake the two of them, not only was he in the study, but he had even gone to the balcony and was on the phone with someone. He lowered his voice and said, “You can’t find the cause? How can that be? Didn’t I say that you can get external help? If it really doesn’t work, you can borrow someone from the Smiths. Joel has a hacker!” 
The person he was on the phone with replied, “I’ve already approached him, Boss, but he says that he couldn’t tell what the problem is. What do we do now?” 
Things would get really tricky if even the Smiths’ hacker couldn’t detect the issue. 
Warren frowned. 
The other party, who was in charge of operations, said, “It’s been more than 24 hours since the game went live. The forums are full of negative feedback right now. If we still can’t fix the bug within 36 hours, the players will definitely doubt our capabilities. We could still vaguely find the cause for the previous bug, but we simply can’t find it at all this time!” 
Warren ran his hand through his hair, so troubled that he was almost going bald. “What would happen if we fail to fix it?” 
The person in charge of operations stayed quiet for a moment before he replied, “We’ll lose all the money we invested in the initial stages! Boss, you said that you wanted to create a perfect game, so from production planning to art and design, we hired only the best. In fact, we even hired a master artist to do the landscape designs, so every drawing is super expensive! The loss is a little too much…”
Warren had dividends from the company. He could also ask Joel for money if he didn’t have any more money. 
But he also had his own ideals and that was to start a game company. 
Thus, he had invested almost all of his savings into the game..
###Chapter 294: Happy Times For The Family of Four~
Chapter 294: Happy Times For The Family of Four~ 
Warren was so troubled that he tugged at his hair again and pulled out a few more strands. 
In the room next door. 
Yvonne listened to the voices coming from the monitoring device. She had hacked into Warren’s phone and was eavesdropping on his conversation. 
When she heard the other party say that they couldn’t find the bug and so couldn’t pinpoint the cause either, the corners of her lips curled into a smile. 
Of course, they wouldn’t be able to find the cause. 
Because it was her newly created virus. She had planted the virus when she was repairing the game server earlier that day. She was the only one who could resolve the virus. 
She went through her skincare routine leisurely, opening a bottle of expensive body lotion and spreading it carefully on herself. 
Even a wealthy young lady’s skin required meticulous care. 
She tilted her head. Sure enough, a short while later, she heard Maureen’s voice. “Why don’t we go to Yvonne after all, Warren?” 
Yvonne smirked. 
So what even if Maureen was arrogant? Didn’t she have to bow down to her all the same in the end?
— 
Nora, who had taken Cherry out with her, was having dinner with Justin and Pete in a private room. 
The family of four sat together. When Cherry and Pete sat facing each other, it was as if they were looking at a mirror. When Justin looked at the children, he couldn’t help but marvel. “Why does this pair of boy-girl twins look exactly the same? They look too much like each other. Boy-girl twins are supposed to be fraternal twins. Are there any medical case studies where boy-girl twins look really alike?” 
Nora shook her head. “I’ve never seen any. Boy-girl twins are just like normal brothers and sisters. Outsiders may not be able to tell them apart at a glance, but their parents will definitely be able to see some differences, yet Cherry and Pete look pretty much identical. But once they grow up, and Pete’s characteristics as a boy and Cherry’s characteristics as a girl become obvious, they won’t look so similar anymore.” 
Justin breathed a sigh of relief. He was really afraid that the two children would still look exactly the same even after they grew up. Now, that would be really strange. 
He touched Cherry’s head, who was sitting next to him, and looked at Nora. Then, as if he was reminiscing about the past, he said, “You know, I almost thought Pete was a pervert prior to this.” 
Pete, who was eating: “?” 
He silently lifted his head and looked at the tyrant with a frown. 
He sure knew how to pick a conversation topic just to get Mommy to say a few more words. While he was despising him, wasn’t he also despising his own IQ? 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. When he was about to speak, Nora asked, “Oh. Why’s that?”
Justin coughed and said, “Pete suddenly became really girly, so I thought there was something psychologically wrong with him, and asked a family doctor to do a psychological test for him. The results indicated that he was a girl at heart.” 
Nora: “…” 
Nora looked down at Pete. The picture of a shocked Justin formed in her mind, and she couldn’t help but smile. 
Pete: “” 
He looked at Cherry with a confused look on his face. When had the psychological test taken place? 
Cherry was also bewildered. She looked at Justin puzzledly and asked, “When did you make me take the psychological test, Daddy?” 
When Justin brought up the events in the hotel in California, Cherry was suddenly enlightened. She exclaimed, “Ah, so that was a psychological test! I’d thought it was an IQ test!” 
Pete: “!!!” 
So, when Cherry had said so confidently that their father made her take an IQ test and the results turned out super high—and Daddy was so satisfied that he couldn’t even say anything—she was actually talking about a psychological test? 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. Only then did he realize just what kind of terrible situation Cherry had put him in back then! 
He looked at Cherry. “What about the history trivia and all that?”
Cherry replied proudly, “My history is really great. You can ask Daddy if you don’t believe me!” 
Pete looked at Justin, who coughed and said, “It’s pretty good.” 
He didn’t believe him anymore, though, so he looked at Nora. Nora’s lips curled into a smile and she said, “Yeah, it’s pretty good. Who invented the first car?” 
“Harrison Ford!” Cherry answered right away! 
Pete: “!!!” 
His pride and dignity of being a high IQ genius had all been destroyed by Cherry!! 
With that as a conversation topic, Nora started to talk more than usual. Besides, she also wanted to know about her son. 
Justin slowly started to talk about all the things Pete did when he was younger. He said, “… He drives his private tutors mad with anger. When he was two, the tutor told them the story about the three little pigs, and asked the children who they wanted to be—the eldest, the second, or the third pig? All the children said that they wanted to be the third pig because only hardworking people can build a sturdy house. When the tutor asked Pete the same question, what do you think he said?” 
Nora shook her head. 
Justin chuckled and said, “He said, ‘Sir, I don’t want to be a pig. I want to be a human being’.” 
“… Hahaha!” 
This was the first time in Nora’s life that she laughed out loud so happily. She hadn’t expected her disciplined and rigid son to have such cute and funny moments when he was younger. 
The look in Justin’s eyes became a little infatuated when he saw her laugh.
The woman’s eyelids were always drooping when she wasn’t smiling, which made her look as if she was half-asleep. However, the angle of her lip corners was just right in this instant when she was laughing, and her eyes also looked brighter than usual. 
He hurriedly retracted his gaze and took a sip of water to suppress the itch in his throat. 
This was the first time they were having a meal so happily as a family of four. 
Even Nora wasn’t gobbling down her food like she usually did. In fact, after she was done eating, she even sat there and listened to him talk about all the embarrassing things Pete did as a child. 
Time flew by. In the blink of an eye, it was nine o’clock. 
The children had to go to bed, so Justin sent Nora and Pete back to the Smiths. After they reached, he tried to ask her out on a date. “Shall we go to Universal Studios on the weekend?” 
Cherry immediately clapped. “Yes, yes! Daddy’s the best!” 
Justin looked at Nora. 
Nora wanted to refuse so that she could sleep, but perhaps because the atmosphere that evening was simply so great, or perhaps because the night was getting dark, she hesitated when she saw the longing looks on the children’s faces, as well as Justin’s dark eyes. A moment later, she nodded. 
After Justin left with Cherry, Nora took Pete into the Smiths’ manor. 
As soon as they entered, Mia rushed over and hugged Pete. “Cherry, why did you come back so late? Let’s go and sleep together?” 
Pete: “?!” 
Pete had only slept on the same bed with Nora and Justin before. When he heard Mia’s words, he froze and stammered, “N-no, it’s okay…” 
“Why?” Mia looked at him timidly. “Don’t you like me?” 
Pete didn’t have the slightest bit of resistance to the look in her eyes. “Of course, I do!” he said. 
“Then let’s go!” 
With that, Mia dragged Pete away. 
Nora: “…” 
She didn’t refuse, either. 
First of all, the children were only five. Besides, they actually counted as cousins, right? It was okay even if they slept together. 
She went upstairs leisurely. Before she entered her bedroom, she spotted Maureen sitting on the sofa in the lounge on the second floor. She was sighing..
###Chapter 295: Do You Know Any Really Good Hackers?
Chapter 295: Do You Know Any Really Good Hackers? 
Nora was someone who minded her own business. She rarely took the initiative to show concern for others, unless they were people very close to her. 
Maureen was just her sister-in-law, and the two had only just met, so she was very averse to prying into other people’s private matters. 
Thus, she merely paused for a moment before she started walking toward her room. 
She had only taken a couple of steps when she suddenly heard voices coming from Mia’s room. She frowned. She hadn’t been planning on going over, but it suddenly occurred to her that she had brought Pete instead of Cherry back with her today. 
Cherry would never allow anyone to bully her, so Nora didn’t bother herself with her matters. 
However, Pete was sensitive by nature. After learning about his childhood experiences, she had contacted several well-known psychologists abroad and consulted them, so she knew that Pete’s condition was due to the psychological trauma he had suffered from being abandoned at birth. 
Thus, she had to pay more attention to him. 
This was also why she and Justin had switched children to take care of. 
Cherry liked her father and was talkative, so she had let her go with Justin instead. Her son, though… He had almost died because she hadn’t gone after him for Cherry’s sake when they were born. Nora was constantly plagued with guilt because of that. 
Thus, she paused and walked toward Mia’s room in the end. 
Maureen likely also heard the voices, so she also followed her there. As soon as the two of them walked in, they heard Mia saying softly, “Mdm. Florence, Daddy’s the one who said Cherry could sleep with me.” 
Florence, who had a sullen look on her face, said, “You can’t do that, Ms. Mia. How sad would your Granduncle Ian be if you did that?!” 
A puzzled Mia asked, “What’s the matter with Granduncle Ian?” 
Florence replied, “Your Granduncle Ian hates Nora Smith the most, yet you’re such close friends with her child. His condition is going to worsen because of this.” 
She looked at Pete after she spoke, and her expression turned cold. There was none of the politeness and respect she showed Mia as she said, “Ms. Cherry, you’re not allowed to sleep with Ms. Mia. This place is meant for the Smiths’ children. By doing that, you’ll mess up the hierarchy of the family.” 
Pete: “?” 
This wasn’t a matter of hierarchy but the fact that he was a boy. Boys mustn’t sleep with girls. What if the girl became pregnant? 
Was he supposed to let Mia give birth to the child, and then have the three of them attend kindergarten together hand in hand? 
With that, Pete finally found an excuse. He looked at Mia and said, “I won’t sleep here, then.” 
He turned to leave after he spoke. 
Mia, however, grabbed his hand. “No! I was the one who asked you to sleep here, Cherry. If you leave, everyone will look down on you!”
Mia had been educated by her mother ever since she was very little, so she was very sensitive despite her young age. 
Pete was touched when he heard what she said. 
Mia really did have his interests at heart. 
While he was thinking, Florence said, “You have to listen to me, Ms. Mia. If you make Ms. Cherry stay, your father will get angry, too.” 
“No, he won’t!” Mia said in her young and tender voice, “Daddy agreed to it!” 
Almost right after she spoke, they heard a sound coming from downstairs—Joel was back. 
He had worked overtime today, which caused him to return home a little later. Nevertheless, he immediately went up the stairs to see if Mia had gone to bed. If she hadn’t, he would still be in time to say goodnight to her. 
As soon as he came up, he met Mia, Florence, and Pete’s eyes. 
He frowned. “What’s wrong?” 
Florence was about to speak when Mia rushed into Joel’s arms. She said a little angrily, “Daddy, Mdm. Florence won’t let Cherry sleep with me! Tell her whether you agreed to it or not!” 
Joel nodded. “Yes, I’ve already agreed to it.” 
Mia became excited. She got off him, grabbed Pete’s hand, and got ready to go into her room. 
Joel’s gaze fell on Pete.
Ever since he realized that Justin had a pair of boy-girl twins, his observation skills had become very keen. There was ultimately still a very big difference between girls and boys. 
He could tell at a glance that the person Mia was dragging into the room was Pete. 
Seeing that Joel had actually agreed to it, Florence couldn’t help but frown. She said, “Sir, that’s Ms. Smith’s daughter! You—” 
Before she could finish, Joel suddenly took a couple of steps forward and stopped Mia and Pete. After casting a few glances at Pete, he finally looked at Mia and said, “Mia, let’s not ask Cherry to keep you company tonight, okay? She probably also misses her mom.” 
Mia was taken aback. She looked at Pete puzzledly and asked, “Is that so, Cherry?” 
Pete immediately nodded. “Yes… yeah!” 
Mia hung her head disappointedly. “Then, when can you sleep with me?” 
That would be when he switched places with Cherry again, of course. 
After Pete silently answered her question inwardly, Joel said, “She will look for you when she wants to. Let’s go to bed now, okay?” 
Mia nodded. As Joel carried her into the bedroom, he also said, “Send Cherry back, Mdm. Florence.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Mdm. Florence, however, had misunderstood and felt that she now understood what Joel was thinking. 
As expected, with regard to Nora, the old sir did mind. Otherwise, Joel wouldn’t have treated her daughter so poorly.
Sure enough, he had indeed driven her away. 
Mdm. Florence sneered, “Please know your place in the future, Ms. Cherry. Even if your mother marries into the Hunts in the future, you still won’t be a real Hunt, either. Don’t compare yourself with the Hunts’ little mister, get it?” 
Pete: “…” 
He resisted the urge to roll his eyes and walked forward without a word. 
When Nora and Maureen came over, they were just in time to hear Florence say that. Maureen immediately looked at Nora, intending to comfort her, only to find that she didn’t seem to care at all? 
Maureen coughed and said, “Florence is a crazy fan of Uncle Ian. Her true master is Uncle Ian in this house, so she’ll definitely have something against you. She is very loyal to her master and has worked for the Smiths for many years, so sometimes we can’t really say anything about her behavior…” 
The subtext: ‘It’s better not to offend the old servant.’ 
“…Oh,” Nora said. 
Pete quickened his footsteps when he spotted her. She took his hand and glanced at Florence, who was still in the distance. The woman raised her head and snorted arrogantly, but nevertheless nodded at Maureen and her as a sign of respect. Then, she left. 
It was only after she left that Nora glanced at Maureen. When she noticed the concern in her eyes, and saw her eyes had turned red and swollen from crying, she thought of how she had kept sighing just now. She tried to hold herself back, but after a short hesitation, she still decided to ask, “What happened to you? Did you run into some kind of trouble?”
Upon hearing her question, Maureen heaved another huge sigh. 
She suddenly asked, “Do you know any really good hackers?”
###Chapter 296: We Found A Hacker!
Chapter 296: We Found A Hacker! 
Maureen didn’t know what was so wrong with herself that she would actually ask such a question. 
Real computer experts were actually very hard to find. 
Even with her family and the Smiths put together, they couldn’t find a top-class hacker. Joel had paid a lot to hire the Smiths’ current hacker. 
It was said that when he attended the interview, Joel, who hadn’t known his background at that time, had asked, “Why should I pay you such a high annual pay?” 
The man had taken out his computer without a second word. Two minutes later, someone from the IT department reported, “Mr. Smith, the company’s network is down!” 
Joel had then looked at the hacker in front of him. After the hacker typed away for another two minutes, the network was back up. The hacker even said, “I’ve upgraded the company’s firewall to the latest level of security. Unless Q and Y are on the scene, no one can breach my firewall.” 
With that, the man became a legend in one move and became worshiped by the Smiths. 
Needless to say, there was no way he would help so easily. 
He had completely ignored them even when problems occurred with Warren’s game company’s software. The Smiths’ computer experts that they had previously approached for help were the people under him. 
Unfortunately, none of them could pinpoint the problem.
Maureen regretted asking the question right after she did. How would Nora possibly know any when neither the Lights nor Warren could find any? 
Why did she simply have to ask something that would put the other party in such a spot? 
She smiled awkwardly and said, “It’s okay even if you don’t know any. None of us do anyway… There are so many programmers around, but why are there so few actual computer experts?” 
Nora: “…” 
That was because top-class talent wouldn’t work in a game company! 
They either protected the national cyber security for the country—where they were known as white hats —or they had already been hired by certain corporations. Another possibility was that they freelanced and took on jobs in private, just like Solo. They also made a lot of money that way. 
Could a game company like theirs even make a hacker stay with them? 
Seeing how Maureen was hanging her head again and how her eyes were reddening, Nora kept quiet for a while before she finally said, “I do know one.” 
Maureen: “?” 
Her head whipped up and she looked at Nora in disbelief. “Really? Who is it? Are they famous? Would it be expensive if we hired them as a software engineer… no, a consultant, I mean, in our company?” 
Nora coughed. “No, it isn’t. You can just give him a few hundred dollars.” 
He was just doing them a small favor anyway. That little bug in their game was a cinch for him. 
Maureen frowned. “So cheap? Are they reliable?”
She hurriedly explained, “I’m not questioning your abilities. What I mean is, most experts are really expensive to hire and are also very mysterious…” 
Nora waved. “It’s fine. His name is Solo. I’ll give him a heads-up first.” 
In a dark room abroad. 
A few computer screens glowed faintly in the dark. A skinny man in front of a computer was writing a program excitedly when he suddenly sneezed. 
As he rubbed his nose, he couldn’t help but wonder who was thinking of him. 
Then, he immersed himself in his intense work. 
A while later, his cell phone rang. 
He was so engrossed in writing his program that he couldn’t be bothered to look at his phone. He continued to stare at the computer screen. A short while later, though, his phone automatically connected and Nora’s voice rang out. “What are you doing?” 
Solo was so shocked that his hands shook. He accidentally entered a whole bunch of meaningless code into the computer, messing up the program instantly. 
Solo: “…” 
He looked to the side, stared at the phone, and said sinisterly, “Can you not be so bossy, Anti? All I did was just miss a call, yet you’re already hacking into my phone?” 
Nora replied, “… It’s because your cell phone is too easy to hack. If it were a little more troublesome, I wouldn’t waste any time doing it, either.”
Solo: “…” 
Just listen to what she was saying. Was that what a decent human being should be saying? 
The resigned man picked up the phone and pressed the answer button stubbornly as if that was how being on the phone should be. He asked, “What’s up? Need me to do something again?” 
“Yeah. Do me a small favor.” 
“What is it?” 
“Help my…” She fell silent for a while before she finally said, “…my cousin, I suppose. He’s run into a small problem with his company’s game. Take a look at it for him.” 
Solo asked nosily, “What do you mean by your cousin? How many cousins do you have?” 
“…” 
“Anti, you are not someone who gives themselves trouble. Besides, what do I get if I help him out? I owe you a favor, but I don’t owe him any.” 
Nora said unhurriedly, “If you become their company’s consultant, I’ll write off for good the debt you owe me.” 
Solo: “” 
He was absolutely stunned. “Have you suddenly found your conscience? Is the overlord finally willing to release her captive? No problem! I can do that!” 
If helping a small game company and being their consultant could repay what he owed the other party for saving his life, then that was totally too good a deal for him!
Solo completely didn’t realize that he had already been brainwashed by Nora’s oppressive ways. 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Nora gave Solo a call in her bedroom. After he agreed, she hung up and went out. 
After she left, Pete, who was lying on the bed, suddenly opened his eyes. 
Light flickered in his dark eyes as he looked at the door. Judging from what Mommy had said, she was actually a top-class hacker? 
Mommy was so amazing! He must become even more impressive in the future so that he could be worthy of being her child! As for Cherry… Forget it, he would just let her play. 
It was enough that he followed in Mommy’s footsteps. 
Nora was completely unaware of how far the little fellow had already thought. She found Maureen sitting outside and waiting for her when she went out. She asked, “How did it go?” 
Nora nodded and replied, “He’s agreed to it. I will set up a group chat for you guys later. You can tell him in the chat which part is buggy. He will help you guys out.” 
Maureen nodded. “Okay! I’ll go and let Warren know about it!” 
She entered the bedroom excitedly. 
Warren’s game had just gone live that day, so things were relatively in a rush, and he was currently in a huge panic. Seeing her enter, he asked, “Have you talked to Yvonne?” 
Maureen shook her head.
Warren said, “Didn’t I already say that I’ll go? Yet you just had to stop me. See, it’s because you can’t bring yourself to take a step back. We’re a family, it’s very normal that we’ll have conflicts. What’s the big deal about that?” 
He was about to go out when Maureen said, “No, what I mean is, I’ve found you a hacker as a consultant for your company!” 
Warren: “?” 
He was stunned. Then, he stretched out his hand and waved in front of Maureen. “Have you become silly? Do you think it’s that easy to find a hacker? You didn’t let someone fool you, did you?” 
Maureen immediately replied, “I don’t think so. Don’t think too deeply into it for now. Show him the bug in the game first. As for whether or not he’s really a hacker, and whether or not he’s good, won’t you know once you let him give it a shot?” 
Warren, however, was extremely dubious. “How can I send our game software to other people so casually? Tell me the name of the hacker you found. I’ll look him up on the Internet.” 
“His name is Solo,” replied Maureen. 
Yvonne, who had hacked into Warren’s cell phone and was eavesdropping on them, curled her lips disdainfully..
###Chapter 297: Real or Fake Solo
Chapter 297: Real or Fake Solo 
After Warren entered Solo’s name into Google, his information quickly appeared. 
Solo was the champion of the international hacker competition last year. He was very good at capturing system loopholes, hacking into other people’s systems, and stealing relevant documents. 
When he was young, he had won a computer programming award and was considered one of the top hackers in the country. 
When he saw this information, Warren was stunned. 
He looked at Maureen in shock and asked in surprise, “Is it this Solo?” 
Maureen was also very surprised. “I think… probably? Is there another Solo?” 
Warren closed the tab and shook his head. “No.” 
Maureen: “Nora introduced him to me.” 
After the two of them finished speaking, they looked at each other. Warren coughed. “She’s just a country bumpkin from California. How could she know such a powerful person?” 
Maureen: “What’s wrong with coming from California? She has been overseas for a few years! Maybe they met by chance.” 
Warren nodded. “Alright.” 
After saying that, he was still worried. “I better ask Yvonne.”
Maureen was about to say something when Warren left. 
In another room. 
Yvonne hurriedly retracted her surveillance. After a while, there was indeed a knock on the door. She opened it, but Warren did not enter. 
After all, they were not biological siblings and should have a line drawn between them. 
He stood outside the door and asked, “Yvonne, have you heard of Solo?” 
Yvonne raised an eyebrow. “Of course, I’ve heard of him. He was the champion of last year’s hacker competition. I’ve seen him before, we worked together once.” 
Warren was instantly relieved. Just as he was about to say something, Yvonne smiled. “But he’s very introverted. Last year, I wanted to pull him into the Smiths’ business, but he refused. Do you know why?” 
Warren shook his head. 
Yvonne faintly replied, “Because he said that he doesn’t like to be controlled and restrained, so he has always been doing things by himself. By the way, do you know his personality? He likes to be alone the most. Even I can’t be considered his friend.” 
Warren was stunned. “Alone? Even you’re not his friend?” 
Yvonne nodded. “Capable people will always have pride.” 
Warren nodded thoughtfully. “Yes, not everyone is like you. They’re capable and approachable. Alright, Yvonne, thank you!” 
With that, Warren turned and left.
Yvonne:  
She frowned and stared at Warren’s back as he left. 
She thought that when Warren heard this, he would directly ask her about the software, but she did not expect him to just leave like that. 
She bit her lip. 
Alright, he was not begging, right? 
Then just wait! 
Her software could not be deciphered by any Tom, Dick, or Harry. Besides, Solo was such a reclusive person. How could he be a consultant for their gaming company?! 
— 
When Warren returned to his room, Yvonne was already monitoring them. 
She felt that after the two of them realized that the relationship with Solo was fake, they would definitely complain to Nora. In the end, she heard the two of them chatting. 
Warren: “I think this Solo is fake.” 
Maureen: “Then what should we do? Now that you mention it, I also think it’s fake.” 
After a long silence, Maureen slowly said, “Nora introduced him. Do you think…” 
Yvonne smiled. She felt that the two of them would definitely blame Nora next. However, she did not expect the two of them to change the topic.
Warren asked, “Do you think Nora has been deceived too?” 
Yvonne: “” 
Maureen continued, “Yes, but how are we going to tell Nora about this? If we say that Solo is fake, will she be sensitive and suspicious?” 
Warren asked, “Would women also feel that way?” 
Maureen: “Yes, they would. Even Nora’s self-esteem would be hurt. What do you think we should do?” 
Warren: “…She’s not that unreasonable, is she?” 
However, after a moment of silence, Warren said impatiently, “She came from a small place after all. She’s just mentally fragile!” 
Maureen: “…Can you not say one thing and mean another? Besides, you’re related by blood. Haven’t you always wanted a biological sister?” 
Warren scratched his head. “…She’s not my biological sister either. Sigh, I keep feeling like there’s a war between me and Yvonne. She was too outstanding since she was young, wasn’t she? She seemed close to us, but I could see that other siblings could play around with each other, but there was never anything between us. For example, when I went to look for her just now, if she was my biological sister, I could have just closed the door and talked to her, but I had to talk outside the door. You know Chester Hunt, right? He flaunts his sister in front of me every day. Whenever I mention Yvonne, he would reply to me, ‘Have you bathed with your sister? Have you ever put your arm around her shoulder? Have you ever drank with her? Are you related by blood?’” 
He sighed heavily. “I’ve never done any of those things! But he has! I’m so angry! Now that I finally have a biological sister, do you think… Yvonne will be unhappy if I get closer to her or prepare some dowry for her?”
Maureen immediately said, “I liked Nora the moment I saw her. This might be fate between us. It’s not wrong to prepare some dowry for her. What’s there to be unhappy about? Uncle Ian will definitely help with her dowry too. Even if we prepare a few million, they won’t care! Besides, I’ll give Yvonne some when the time comes.” 
Warren nodded. “You’re right.” 
Yvonne was speechless. 
She clenched her fists tightly and took a deep breath. She felt as if her heart was stuffed with cotton. 
She was Ian’s daughter, while Nora was the daughter of her deceased uncle. How could she be more precious than her? 
Why were these people treating her so well? 
What about her? 
What had she been all these years? 
She took a deep breath. 
— 
In another room. 
After the two of them discussed the dowry, Warren picked up his phone. “Come on, invite Solo to the group chat. We’ll expose his fake identity on the spot and let Nora know the dangers of society. I thought about it, we can’t hide this from her!”
When Maureen heard her husband’s words, she felt that it made sense. Therefore, she told Nora to add them into a group chat. 
Nora did so soon. 
She also made an introduction: 
Nora: “This is Solo @Warren @Maureen” 
With that, she fell silent. 
Solo sent a welcoming emoji in the group chat and waved a small handkerchief around, looking especially despicable. 
Warren sneered. How could the Almighty be so approachable? 
Let’s see how he would expose Solo’s fake identity! 
As he thought about this, he sent a previous game program into the group and said, “Guru, may I know where the bugs in this software are?” 
Haha! 
He’ll see how Solo answers!
###Chapter 298: You Are Being Watched
Chapter 298: You Are Being Watched 
While Warren was feeling smug, the other party replied: 
Solo: “What nonsense is this? Can this code be used?” 
Warren was taken aback. 
Maureen said excitedly, “Maybe he’s really a master and can see the problem with this code?” 
Warren touched his nose. “No, I have to try again. Maybe this was a wild guess?” 
He sent a message to the group: 
Warren: “Ah, I accidentally sent the wrong code. Master, are you really Solo?” 
On the other end of the line, Solo was anxious. He did not have that much time to waste with him! Therefore, he quickly typed a message: 
Solo: “Yes, cut the crap. Shall we sign the contract first?” 
Anti had finally relented and said that as long as he became the consultant of this silly cousin, he would not have to work for free in the future! 
Solo had to seize this opportunity. 
The other party had first sent a bunch of wrong codes. It was obvious that they were testing him, and did not trust him so much. What if after he helped fix the bug, the other party kicked him away and said that they did not need a consultant?
To think that the dignified Solo would one day beg to be a company consultant for someone else! 
Therefore, he had to sign the contract first. He did not want to be fooled again after doing the job! 
However, in the eyes of Warren and Maureen, this hasty behavior made the two of them even more certain that this was a liar! 
The two of them looked at each other. Warren asked, “Sure, but what about the salary?” 
Solo: “Anything. Just give me $200,000.” 
Anyway, he did not care about such a small amount of money. Any project he accepted would cost a million! Did he care about the consultancy fees? 
No, what he cared about was freedom! 
Now, freedom was waving a little handkerchief at him. He was anxious to get rid of Anti! 
Therefore, Solo sent another message in the group chat: “Hurry up. I’ve already settled the contract for you. I’ll sign an electronic one. You can just sign an electronic one too.” 
After saying this, he sent a contract to the group chat. 
Warren: “!!” 
Maureen: “…” 
She gulped. “It has only been a few minutes? The contract is done.” 
Warren: “…He probably prepared it in advance?” 
Maureen opened the contract and took a look. The amount was $200,000.
She glanced at Warren again. “Isn’t this too cheap?” 
Warren: “You can practically say that he’s helping us for free.” 
The two of them looked at each other again. At this moment, they were certain that this Solo was definitely a liar! 
Warren rolled up his sleeves and looked at Maureen. “How dare he deceive us, the Smiths. How hateful! Moreover, this liar is too unprofessional! Can a real high-level hacker be hired for $200,000?! It’s too fake! Nora, that stupid girl, has been deceived by this person for so long! He might have also swindled tens of thousands from her!” 
Maureen also frowned. “Yes!” 
Warren said, “Tens of thousands is nothing to us, but to Nora, it should be a lot in the environment she lives in, right? No, us Smiths cannot be bullied like this!” 
Maureen nodded repeatedly. “Yes, we have to vent our anger! But how?” 
Warren thought about it and said slowly, “How about this? First, we have to let Nora know that he’s a liar!” 
Maureen took out her phone. “I’ll private chat with her.” 
After Maureen sent a message to Nora, saying that Solo in the group was a liar, Nora’s reply was very fast because there were only two words: “He’s real.” 
Maureen: “…” 
Warren: “…”
The two of them looked at each other. Maureen sighed. “It looks like Nora has been deceived quite badly.” 
Warren nodded as well. 
Maureen asked, “What do we do now?” 
After thinking for a while, Warren immediately patted his head. “Then let the truth be explained. We’ll sign the contract according to this counterfeit! After we sign it, he won’t be able to find any bugs. By then, Nora will definitely know the truth!” 
Maureen nodded. “Then what about your game?” 
Warren: “At this time, is that bit of money more important? Or is my sister more important?” 
Maureen thought for a moment. “That’s true. Let’s settle the matter of Nora being deceived first!” 
Anyway, even if they were bankrupt. With their elder brother to support them, their lives would not be bad! 
The conversation between the two dimwits entered Yvonne’s ears, making her clench her fists in anger. This was too much. 
It was too much! 
These two people were too good to Nora! 
She bit her lip and took a deep breath. She decided that if Warren came looking for her later, she would definitely not help. 
How could he not care about that bit of money?
Then she would make him go bankrupt! 
— 
Warren signed the contract electronically and sent it to Solo again. 
Solo immediately sent a message in the group: “Okay, the contract has been settled.” 
Warren sent another message: “Then I’ll send you the bug?” 
Solo: “Your software is on this computer you’re using, right?” 
Warren: “?” 
He glanced at his computer and replied: “Yes.” 
Solo: “Okay, no need to send it. I hacked into your computer.” 
Warren: “!!!” 
He looked at his computer and saw nothing unusual on it. It was just like earlier. How did he hack in? 
He sent a message in the group: “Are you sure?” 
“Yes.” 
Warren looked at Maureen. “Transfer the money!” 
Maureen was stunned. 
Warren snorted. “If we don’t transfer the money, then it won’t count as fraud. At most, it’ll be getting scammed on the Internet, and the police won’t take it seriously. Only when there’s a transaction with a
large sum of money will we be taken seriously… Moreover, it’ll take more than $100,000 to make a case.” 
Maureen transferred the money over. 
After the money reached the other party’s account, Warren said in the group chat: “The money has been transferred. Please repair the game.” 
However, after this message was sent, there was no more news from Solo. 
After waiting for a full two minutes, Warren and Maureen looked at each other and then at the computer again. 
Warren: “Where are you?” 
Another two minutes passed. 
Warren: “I’ve transferred the money to you. Are you not talking anymore? Have you blacklisted me?” 
Another three minutes passed. 
Warren: “Are you a cheat? @Solo.” 
After sending these messages, Solo still did not say anything. 
Warren and Maureen looked at each other, feeling that the other party had already taken the bait! 
Maureen sent a message in the group chat: “Nora, did you see that? This person is really a liar. He’s not Solo!”
Warren’s message was aggrieved. “Hmph, I don’t know how much money I’ve been scammed for. I’ll call the police and get my money back, I’ll help you get it back!” 
At this moment, there was a new message in the group. 
Solo: “Stop talking.. Your phones have been bugged”
###Chapter 299: The Real Solo!!!
Chapter 299: The Real Solo!!! 
With that, the group fell silent. 
Warren subconsciously raised his head and looked around. When he realized that there were no cameras in the room, he frowned. “Really?” 
Maureen also jumped. 
She shrank back in fear. “Hubby, if we’re being watched, what are they trying to do? I even change my clothes often. Will they see us? Did we meet a pervert?” 
Warren took a step forward. “I don’t think that’s possible. When the Smiths entered, they had a barrier. If we had a surveillance camera on us, it would have sounded an alarm. This was also to protect our family’s safety. So how could we be monitored? He… he might be creating a panic to scare us!” 
“Really?” 
Warren walked around Maureen. He looked at the slightly revealing pajamas she was wearing and coughed. Then, he took out a jacket from the side and draped it over her. “Seriously, even in your own room, you should dress more appropriately!” 
Maureen: “…” 
Warren was really cowardly. He always said what he did not mean. 
She grimaced and wrapped her clothes tighter around herself. 
Someone in the group sent another message:
Solo: [… No one is monitoring you. It’s listening! Stop thinking you’re in a drama!!] 
Warren: “!!!” 
He looked at Maureen with trembling eyes and saw that her gaze had changed as well. 
The two of them leaned against each other and looked around again. 
Finally, Maureen asked softly, “Hubby, shall we switch rooms?” 
Another message appeared in the group: 
Solo: “It’s useless. The surveillance information is on the computer! I’m not sure if it’s on your phone. I was planning to hack into your phone to take a look.” 
As soon as he said this, Warren and Maureen looked at their phones at the same time. Then, they subconsciously threw their phones on the bed! 
It was like a time bomb! 
The two of them paused for a full two minutes before Warren stood up. “What’s there to be afraid of? I think this Solo is just trying to scare us! He wants us to believe this. Otherwise, what’s the point of saying all this? Can’t he just repair the software?” 
Maureen nodded as well. “Yes, it’s definitely fake! I can guarantee it. Absolutely!” 
She wrapped her coat tightly around her. “If the Smiths’ house can be bugged so easily, is there still a safe place in this world?” 
Warren nodded fiercely. “Exactly!”
As the two of them spoke, Warren simply stood up and looked at his computer. “This must be something he did. Instead of repairing the game, he used all this to scare us. Have I, Warren, been frightened since I was young?” 
Almost as soon as he said this, a voice came from the computer. “Then how did you grow up?” 
Warren was instantly alert. He jumped up and hid behind Maureen, screaming, “Honey!” 
Maureen instinctively blocked his path and reached out to protect him. “Who is it? Hubby, don’t be afraid!” 
“…” 
The room was silent for a full 20 seconds before a laugh came from the computer. 
Warren: “!” 
Maureen: “…” 
What had the two of them done? 
Warren was furious. As a man, his dignity made him straighten his chest. He stood behind Maureen and grabbed her arm. Then, he said fiercely, “What are you laughing at?” 
“I’m laughing at you.” 
The sound was a robotic voice during the voice-changing stage, making it impossible to tell who the other party was. 
Warren asked, “Are you the fake Solo?”
“No.” 
Warren snorted coldly. “Now you dare to tell the truth…” 
“I’m real. How could a fake person hack into your computer?” 
“…” Warren was silent for a moment. “I know how to hack into other people’s computers too. This is like a remote office! Besides, anyone who knows a little technology knows how to do it, right?” 
The other party was silent for a moment before saying, “Remote-connection work is to control your computer from a distance, but hacking into your computer will go unnoticed. Furthermore, I have to first break through your firewall and then… Forget it. You won’t understand even if I tell you this. I’ll only say this. Do you think ordinary people can hack into the Smiths’ firewall? It’s only me!” 
Warren: “…” 
Maureen caught the loophole in his words. “If that’s the case, then did you just say that someone was listening to us? How did that person hack in? You said that it’s difficult for anyone but you. Aren’t you full of loopholes?” 
Solo was silent for a moment before coughing. “What if the other party is in your house? There’s no need to break through the external firewall between family members.” 
Maureen was shocked. “In our house? Who is it?” 
Solo: “The Smiths’ firewall is indeed very powerful. It has already taken too much time to hack in and discover that you guys are being watched. I haven’t found out who the person behind this is yet.” 
“…” Warren sneered. “Then what have you been doing? If you can’t find out in time, then what can you do?” 
“…I managed to fix your bug in time.”
Warren:  
He was stunned and turned to look at Maureen in disbelief. 
After the couple looked at each other for a long time, Warren’s phone suddenly rang. He picked up the call and heard the voice of the company’s staff on the other end. “Mr. Smith, the system bugs have been repaired!! All the players can play normally now! Although some players have been lost because of the bugs, there are still new ones. Hold on!” 
Warren was stunned and asked in disbelief, “Really?” 
“Yes, our system is very smooth now, and the technical problems that were not resolved previously have been resolved! The graphics are also enhanced. Where did you find this person? He directly modified our server!” 
Warren: “!!” 
After hanging up, he looked at the computer in a daze and stammered, “Was that your work?” 
On the computer: “Yes, your game was too shoddy. I helped you fix it. I also fixed a cartoon bug! That way, it’ll save time in the future.” 
“…” 
Warren stammered again and asked, “Are… are you really Solo?” 
“Isn’t that obvious? Who else can be stronger than me?” 
Warren: “!!”
He met Maureen’s gaze in disbelief. 
The girl from the countryside really knew Solo? 
How did she meet him? 
This was too strange! 
Moreover, were all top international experts so mild-tempered? If others suspected that he was fake, shouldn’t he be very irritable?! 
Just as their lips were trembling, Maureen asked, “Then, can you help us find out who was listening in on us?” 
Solo: “…That’s simple.. Wait a while!”
###Chapter 300: It’s Yvonne
Chapter 300: It’s Yvonne 
With this sentence, the two of them heard the sound of a keyboard tapping coming from Solo. 
Solo typed as he said, “Give me five minutes. I’ll definitely find that person!” 
Warren and Maureen had no choice but to believe that he was Solo. After all, all the bugs in the company had been repaired! 
Warren was moved to tears. “Thank you!” 
Solo: “Don’t thank me. I should be the one thanking you!” 
He was thankful that they had given him a great opportunity to escape from Anti. When he thought of his future freedom, he was so touched that he almost cried! 
Warren: “?” 
Maureen: “?” 
The two of them looked at each other. Warren raised his eyebrows. Why was the Almighty’s personality so strange? He took such a small amount of money and helped them so much, yet he still wants to thank them? Could it be that he was attracted to his charm and wanted to work with him? 
Warren raised his chin and puffed out his chest. 
Maureen, who understood his gaze, rolled her eyes and asked, “Solo, who is it that’s monitoring us? It’s too much! Is it an insider? Is it a servant at home?”
Warren immediately frowned. “Investigate. After finding out, I, I, I’ll tell Big Brother to fire him!” 
Maureen: “!!” 
Look at how cowardly he was! 
She rolled her eyes again. Just then, there was a sudden knock at the door. 
Warren saw that Maureen was wearing a jacket and walked over to open the door. He realized that Yvonne was standing outside the door with a guilty look on her face. “Warren, I’m sorry. I made a mistake when I was looking for a bug for you!” 
Warren was taken aback. 
Yvonne lowered her head. She thought about how the signal had suddenly stopped while she was listening in on the other party, and how she had panicked. She knew that something must have gone wrong and she had been discovered. 
She made a prompt decision and ran over. At this moment, her face was filled with shame. “Warren, you know that I helped someone create a listening app some time ago. A problem suddenly happened just now and it went into my family’s computer. Is there a problem now?” 
Warren: “?” 
He immediately understood. “So it’s you! I knew it! How could my place be monitored?!” 
Yvonne felt extremely guilty. “The code just now suddenly started to jump. Someone must have hacked into it and triggered it. Now, I’m confused. That software must have spread to many computers through the intranet. What should we do? Should I get everyone to come out one by one and inform them before helping them remove it?”
Her eyes turned red. “I… I didn’t do it on purpose. That software was at a critical moment when the external network was suddenly attacked. I was busy blocking it, but I didn’t expect it to become chaotic…” 
The external network was suddenly attacked… 
Warren coughed guiltily. Wasn’t it because of Solo? 
However, Solo was helping him out. He was the one who had affected Yvonne! 
Warren saw that when something had happened to Yvonne, her first reaction was not to look for her brother Warren out of everyone present in the house. Especially when she was running around in circles asking, “Warren, what should I do?” 
“Warren, help me…” 
Warren instantly felt a strong sense of accomplishment. He patted his chest generously. “Damn, leave this small matter to me! I’ll call everyone out now. Whose computer has been hacked by the virus?” 
Yvonne explained in a serious tone, “In these five minutes, people who had their computers on have probably been hacked. It’s fine as long as they don’t turn them on. But don’t worry. I’ve already taken them back and told them not to turn their phones off. It’ll be fine in a while…” 
“Alright, no problem! Go back and do your work. I’ll inform the butler and get him to go door to door.” 
Yvonne was moved to tears. “Warren, thank you. You’re the only one who can help me…” 
After closing the door, she sighed in relief.
In the room, Maureen frowned and stared at the door. “Why do I feel like she did it on purpose? Otherwise, how did she come right when Solo found out that we were being monitored?” 
Warren was simple-minded. When he heard this, he even defended Yvonne. “You’re thinking too much, aren’t you? Why would she be monitoring us? If she wanted to monitor us, wouldn’t she benefit more by listening to Joel? In the entire family, we’re the two most useless people. We just lie here and count money. Does she want to listen to us flirt?!” 
Maureen: “…” 
She also found it strange. After all, there was indeed no need for her and her husband to be monitored. 
But was this really just a misunderstanding? 
Solo sneered. “I found her. She’s indeed from the room next door. Tsk, I didn’t expect her to move faster than me.” 
After saying that, Solo did not argue if it was intentional or not. He only said, “In the future, just let me know in the group if there’s anything you need. The salary is up to you.” 
Then, he silenced himself. 
After a minute of silence, Warren called out softly, “Solo?” 
When no one responded, he looked at Maureen in relief. “I’m leaving, but why do I feel a little uncomfortable? I feel like we don’t have any privacy anymore!” 
Maureen nodded. 
Finally, she said, “Hubby, from now on, leave the computer and phone in the living room while we sleep!”
They lived in a suite with three bedrooms. Apart from a large living room, there was a master bedroom, a children’s room, and a study. 
Warren nodded repeatedly. “You’re right. It would be so awkward if someone heard us sleeping together at night!” 
Maureen: “… Shut up!” 
After saying this, Warren chuckled and said, “So, should I leave my phone outside the room tonight?” 
The meaning of his words was too obvious. 
Maureen hit his shoulder. “You’re so flirtatious!” 
“…” 
— 
The night before, Warren had let the butler know that Nora was not to be disturbed no matter what. Nora hung a “Do Not Disturb” sign on the door and slept until the next afternoon. 
When she woke up, Pete and Mia had already been sent to the kindergarten by Joel. 
She yawned and went downstairs to look for something to eat. 
Nora was not as reserved as a newcomer. Her actions were natural and unrestrained. The beautiful decorations around her did not make her feel hesitant. 
Her phone beeped.
She lowered her head and saw a message: “Boss, the member application forms for the Hacker Alliance admissions this year have been sent to your phone.” 
When Nora saw this, she subconsciously yawned. 
She really… didn’t want to work! 
As she thought about this, she went downstairs and happened to hear the housekeeper, Florence, say to Yvonne, “Miss, you will definitely be able to secure the membership. With your skills, there will definitely be no problems!” 
Warren, who was sitting on the sofa with his legs crossed, asked, “What membership?” 
“The Hacker Alliance..”

###Chapter 301: Hacker Alliance
Chapter 301: Hacker Alliance 
Nora, about to go downstairs:  
She paused for a moment and looked over in surprise. 
Perhaps sensing her gaze, the housekeeper, Florence, was feeling smug. On the surface, she spoke to Warren, but her voice was so loud that everyone could hear her. “Do you know what the Hacker Alliance is? It’s an alliance formed by all the internationally renowned hackers. As long as she enters this alliance, they’ll take care of her in the future. Ms. Yvonne’s computer skills are already very good, but there are even more powerful people in the Hacker Alliance, such as Y and Q. The Hacker Alliance was established by Q. Now that Ms. Yvonne’s information has been handed over, they will handle it.” 
Warren sighed. “Y and Q? Even I, who doesn’t know hacking, know about these two people. Yvonne, are you going to be in the same alliance as them? That’s too awesome!” 
Yvonne lowered his head and smiled. “Warren, yesterday’s programming was the key to entering. Fortunately, you helped me stop it. Otherwise, I would have made a mistake! If Y and Q found out about this, they definitely wouldn’t let me pass.” 
It was a humiliation for a hacker to ignore orders and hack into someone else’s computer! 
Yvonne had lied yesterday, so she wanted to continue hiding it with lies. 
Warren waved his hand. “Don’t worry about that. Who in our family knows Y and Q? They definitely won’t know. Besides, I asked everyone yesterday, no one lost anything.” 
Yvonne nodded her head, looking relieved. It was all an act. 
She was very confident about joining the Hacker Alliance. 
Firstly, the monitoring software she had created this time was indeed not bad. If not for the real Solo yesterday, she probably would not have been discovered. 
Nora actually knew Solo. This made her very surprised. 
Thinking of this, she looked at Nora. 
How did Solo know her? 
As she was thinking, Warren saw Nora too. He immediately jumped up from the sofa and wanted to rush over to thank his good sister for introducing him to Solo. However, he suddenly remembered Nora’s identity. She was Uncle Ryan’s daughter… 
He coughed and pretended to say coldly, “So the one you introduced yesterday was really Solo. I thought you were lying!” 
After interacting with him for the past few days, Nora had long realized that this brother of hers was someone who did not mean what he said. Therefore, she said directly, “You’re welcome.” 
Warren: “…” 
He coughed. “Who wants to thank you? You’re thinking too much! At that time, I agreed to add Solo just to see if he was a liar and felt that you might have been deceived. Although he did me a small favor later on, that was because he wanted to work with me, do you know? He actually said that it didn’t matter if he got paid or not and that if there’s a problem, I can look for him directly. Look, we just met, and he’s already so good to me. This means that I have a charm…” 
Maureen could not help but interrupt him. “Nora, thank you this time! I’ll buy you whatever you want!” 
Maureen was the most straightforward.
Nora: “No, it’s alright.” 
She really didn’t need anything. 
After saying that, she prepared to eat at the dining table. Warren asked curiously, “Nora, how do you know Solo?” 
Yvonne pricked up her ears. 
Nora said, “Oh, I met him overseas. He asked me to examine his illness.” 
Nora was a surgeon. The entire family knew this. After all, this was her profession to the outside world. 
Thinking about it, she owned a private clinic. If someone like Solo was sick, they probably wouldn’t go to big hospitals. It was normal for them to go to private clinics. 
Therefore, it was only natural that she knew Solo. 
Yvonne sighed in relief. 
Warren and Maureen also came to a realization. “So being a doctor has such connections! Not bad. Have other celebrities came to see you?” 
Nora: “…” 
Did UK’s queen count? 
They had also invited her to the surgery to get to know each other. Later, Cherry even got to know Princess Lucy.
Just as Nora thought about this, she heard the Florence say, “Miss Nora, Surgeon is indeed a sacred profession, but I saw that you haven’t worked at all during the past few days when you were home. Do you have no appointments?” 
Nora: “No.” 
She would only perform two surgeries a month. This had been arranged long ago. Lily would handle everything for her. 
However, Florence and Yvonne misunderstood. Florence lowered her head. “Then do you need us to introduce a few patients to you? Or have you considered switching jobs?” 
Introduce patients? 
Did she think that no one was looking for her for treatment? 
Nora felt that it was funny. She smiled and glanced at Florence with her almond-shaped eyes. “There’s no need. I’m not working full-time as a doctor.” 
If she wasn’t full-time… then she was part-time. 
Wasn’t it because there were no patients around to help her regain her dignity?! 
Florence lowered her eyes and smiled. “I see. Then, Miss Nora, what are you considering? I wonder if you’re interested in programming? But ordinary girls shouldn’t be sensitive to such things, right?” 
She then looked at Yvonne. “What a pity. If Miss Nora is interested, Miss Yvonne can teach you.” 
Nora: “”
She looked at Yvonne and saw her smile as she said, “Mdm. Florence, what are you saying? Even if Nora doesn’t work, the Smiths can still afford to raise her! You’re making her feel like you’re urging her to earn money!” 
After saying that, she looked at Nora and smiled. “Nora, I never asked you if you have money to spend. If not, I have some here, I can lend it to you.” 
She sounded superior. 
Moreover, she had even mentioned this in front of so many people. It was probably more embarrassing than helping. 
Florence hurriedly said, “Miss Yvonne, how can we let you spend money like this?! Looking at the time, today is the day we send pocket money. The finance department will probably transfer money into your bank cards later.” 
Yvonne: “Then give my share this month to Nora. She might not have enough for her first month.” 
Nora: “… No, it’s alright.” 
She really didn’t need it. 
With that, she walked to the dining room beside her, took some food from inside, and went upstairs casually. 
When she reached the stairs, she heard Yvonne say, “Isn’t Nora a little cold to me? Does she not like me?” 
Florence: “Miss Yvonne, why are you always so kind? She’s the one who’s staying at your home. You’re the lawful daughter of Mr. Smith! You should be thinking about the Hacker Alliance now… But it definitely
won’t be a problem!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
After entering the bedroom, she opened her email and saw Yvonne’s application form. 
Hmm… Should she let her join the Hacker Alliance? 
She held her chin and frowned as she mulled over it..
###Chapter 302: Love Words~
Chapter 302: Love Words~ 
Nora casually scrolled down the name list. 
Since the establishment of the Hacker Alliance, there had only been a dozen or so members. It could be considered the top hacker club in the world. It could even be protected here. 
As Q, Nora only knew that Y was powerful enough to protect this group of people. 
According to the rumors, the Hacker Alliance was created by her, but it was actually created by Y. 
Although the two of them were in the Hacker Alliance, everything was handled by Y. She was slacking off every day and had no interactions with Y. 
The two of them only had equal reputations, but they had never really competed. 
Usually, such matters were handled casually by Y. Every year, they would choose the best candidate. This year, when she was looking at the name list, Y suddenly sent a message: “Choose this or the other one?” 
He had sent two names. 
One of them was Yvonne. 
Nora had just taken a casual look. Yvonne’s monitoring system was indeed good and difficult to detect. It could be considered high-level programming. 
Nora never involved personal feelings when handling matters.
However, she recalled what Warren had said earlier. Supposedly, there was something wrong with Yvonne’s software that she couldn’t control and it had hacked into the computers of the people nearby. Nora thought about it for a while and crossed out Yvonne’s name. 
If she could make such a low-level mistake, she would not be accepted no matter how good she was. 
She sent the other person’s name to Y. She was about to type and explain the reason when Y replied readily: “Okay.” 
This straightforward attitude made Nora speechless. She raised her eyebrows and asked, “Aren’t you going to ask why?” 
Y: “You can choose whoever you want. I’m busy.” 
Nora subconsciously asked, “What are you busy with?” 
After all, Y had not taken any orders for a long time. She had always thought that Y was lazy like her, but he said he was busy? 
Had he taken on some big order recently that she did not know about? 
The order must be very challenging to keep Y busy. She was a little interested in it, which was rare. 
As she was thinking, Y replied: “I’m busy chasing my future wife. Brother, do you have any ions?” 
Nora: “” 
Others thought that Q was a man, but she had never explained it. 
However, Y was busy chasing a girl. What good advice could she give him?! 
The corners of her lips twitched. For some reason, when she thought of Justin, she coughed and replied:
[You have to be thick-skinned.] 
[Be narcissistic.] 
[You have to have a child with her first.] 
Y: [] 
After sending the message, Nora could not be bothered to reply. She logged out of the system and closed her email. Yes, this year, she had really made a rare contribution to the Hacker Alliance! 
As she was thinking, she received a call from Justin. “What did you eat for lunch?” 
Nora replied lazily, “I forgot.” 
She had indeed forgotten what she had casually taken out from the kitchen when she went downstairs. It seemed to be buns, but it also seemed to be bread? 
Anyway, she was no longer hungry after stuffing it into her mouth. 
Justin was clearly not surprised by her answer. He smiled and said, “Eat slowly. It’s not good for your stomach to eat so quickly.” 
Nora retorted bluntly, “Mr. Hunt, I’m a doctor.” 
“…” Justin fell silent. “Yes, Doctor Nora. From a professional point of view, why do people who are in love feel happy all the time?” 
Nora did not understand why he suddenly said this. She explained in professional terms, “Because falling in love will cause the brain to secrete dopamine. Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, it can control the
emotions and feelings in the brain. It makes people feel excited and happy.” 
Justin smiled. “Then why do we feel happy eating candies?” 
Nora said, “Sugar also makes the human body produce dopamine.” 
Justin smiled. “Oh, I get it. So you’re my candy.” 
Nora: “?” 
The corners of her lips twitched and she was silent for a moment. “Mr. Hunt, your joke isn’t funny at all.” 
“This isn’t a joke.” Justin nagged seriously. “These are words of love.” 
Words of love? 
Nora was slightly stunned. For some reason, his words rang in her ears again. “You’re my candy.” 
The man’s deep voice seemed to still linger by her ear, making her cheeks heat up. 
She coughed and was silent for a while before changing the topic to hide her embarrassment and heartbeat. “How’s Cherry?” 
Justin chuckled but did not expose her. He echoed, “She’s doing quite well. She’s very satisfied with this place and misses you. So, do you have time to visit her?” 
Nora was surprised. “Visit her at the Hunts?” 
Justin said, “You can choose another place. It’s up to you.” 
Nora thought about it carefully and replied, “Then let’s go to the Hunts to see her!”
It was too troublesome to go anywhere else! 
Moreover, she could also go and see if Cherry was blending well at the Hunts. 
Although she was not a qualified mother, she still had to show some concern. 
Nora’s rare motherly love overwhelmed her. She stood up and walked out the door. 
As soon as she went out, she saw Florence and Yvonne standing outside her door. They seemed to be about to knock. When they saw that she had opened the door, Florence immediately said, “Miss Nora, I’m sorry. As you’ve just arrived here, your bank account is still being processed, so it seems I can’t send you this month’s money. Is that okay?” 
Yvonne also had an apologetic look on her face. “Nora, I’m sorry. I’m the one handling this matter at home, but I was too focused on the Hacker Alliance yesterday, so I forgot about your bank card and missed this month. If you don’t have money to spend, come look for me. I’ll give it to you, okay?” 
Nora: “” 
She raised an eyebrow. “No need.” 
She really did not care about the Smiths’ money. 
Furthermore, she did not take Florence and Yvonne’s disdainful attitude to heart. 
She did not come back to stay because of these two people. She had come back to investigate who her biological father was! 
Yvonne: “Nora, are you blaming me? This is indeed my fault. I’m sorry…”
Before she could finish, Florence said, “Miss Yvonne, this isn’t your fault alone. After all, a person’s energy is limited. You’re not like some people who have nothing to do all day. By the way, has your application for the Hacker Alliance been approved? If you can join the Hacker Alliance, our Smiths won’t have to worry about this in the future!” 
Yvonne: “I don’t know yet, but it should be out soon…” 
With this sentence, an email notification sounded. 
Yvonne’s eyes lit up. “The email is here!” 
Florence: “Then quickly take a look! It’s a small matter whether you get paid or not. The most important thing is that you can join the Hacker Alliance…” 
Yvonne nodded, but when she opened the email, the smile on her face froze..
###Chapter 303: Genius?
Chapter 303: Genius? 
Florence did not notice her expression and only stared at Nora. She wanted Nora to know who was the best in this family. 
She wanted Mr. Smith’s daughter to be stronger than the daughter who had betrayed him. Therefore, she kept criticizing and suppressing her. Now that she had a chance to show off, she said, “Miss Yvonne, it’s an invitation, right? As I said, you definitely have no problem joining the Hacker Alliance…” 
She did not notice that Yvonne’s expression was turning uglier with her words. 
She lowered her head and stared at the email on her phone. 
The words on it were clearly reflected in her eyes. “Sorry, your application did not pass.” 
She did not pass… 
That was impossible! 
She widened her eyes in shock and stared at it in disbelief. Her expression was too ferocious. However, after taking a deep breath, she suppressed the astonishment and disappointment in her heart and smiled at Florence. “No, they haven’t informed me yet! It’s another email.” 
Another email? 
Nora looked at Yvonne in amusement. 
The logo of the Hacker Alliance was a black arrowhead and was unmistakable.
Although it was far away, she had just glanced at the logo. It must have been a rejection email from the Hacker Alliance. Tsk, this Yvonne really cared about her face. 
Florence was not disappointed when she heard this, nor did she think too much about it. She simply nodded. “Yes, I was too anxious! However, Miss Yvonne, you don’t have to worry. Everyone can see your strength. Besides, you’ve been so outstanding since you were young. You learn everything quickly. Also, you’re not specialized in hacking, you’re just a little interested in it. Speaking of which, Miss Yvonne, aren’t you too impressive? You’re proficient in the four arts, and you’re also very good at horseback and archery. You were even almost recruited by the national team. If not for the Smiths being reluctant to let you exert yourself, you might have won the championship for the country! Miss Yvonne, your intelligence is really too high! You didn’t learn anything for too long and still managed to be top-notch in everything you do so casually. This is something only a genius can do!” 
As soon as she praised her, a strange male voice was heard. “Tsk, Mdm. Florence, you’re praising her to the skies. Those who don’t know might really think she’s amazing!” 
With that, everyone turned around in unison and saw a young man with dyed blond hair walking in with a bag slung over his shoulder. 
He was quite handsome and looked a little similar to Warren and Quentin. 
Nora knew at a glance that he was from the Smiths, but she wondered which family he belonged to. 
Florence’s expression changed. “Sixth Young Master, why are you back?” 
Sixth Young Master Smith sneered. “What a strange question. This is my house. Why can’t I come back?” 
Florence’s face darkened. “This is Mr. Hunt’s house. Sixth Young Master, your family has already been separated.”
Sixth Young Master Smiths smiled cheekily, his blond hair glowing under the sunlight. “Tsk, my third uncle and eldest brother didn’t chase us away. In polite terms, you’re a housekeeper, but you can also be referred to as a servant. What gives you the rights to talk to me like that?” 
Florence was even angrier. “Master Louis, Mr. Ian and Master Joel do not speak to me like that. You…” 
“What’s wrong?” Louis touched his hair. “Uncle Ian and Joel are polite to you because they have a good upbringing. But I’m different. I’ve been this wild since I was young! No matter what, your surname is Florence while mine is Smith. Why don’t we reason with Uncle Ian and ask him if you have the right to chase me away? Or does Joel not want us to stay at home anymore?” 
Florence choked. 
Yvonne said, “Louis, you came back to collect this month’s money, right? But didn’t it go into your account? You didn’t have to come back.” 
Louis snorted. “How can I not come back? You gave me $1,500 this month. What can I do with that amount?” 
Yvonne seemed to be put on the spot. “Louis, this was specially instructed by Joel. He’s doing this for your own good. I’ve saved the rest of the money for you. I don’t want to see you being so unrestrained every day.” 
Louis sneered. “Don’t use Joel to pressure me. I know what you’re like. You must have said something to make my pocket money so little!” 
Yvonne lowered her head. “Louis, I admit that I was the one who said that you didn’t do your job and played games with Chester every day, but I did it for your own good…”
“You’re doing this for my own good? Tsk, Yvonne, others don’t know you and think that you’re the only daughter and so they should pamper you. Do you think I don’t know who you are? Everyone says that you can learn anything with just a little work and that you’re a genius. Ha, in front of outsiders, you act as if you don’t care, but who doesn’t know that you start practicing like crazy when you come back at night! When we were in school, we clearly skipped classes and played together, but you ranked at the top in your studies. If I hadn’t seen through you not sleeping at night and studying hard, I would still believe that you’re a genius!” 
Louis placed his hands on his hips. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re planning. You just want me to give in to you, right? Dream on! Let me tell you, even if I die of poverty or starve to death, I will not bow down to you!” 
“The other brothers were blinded by you, but I wasn’t! Hmph, you’re just an adopted daughter, yet you want to control me? Let me tell you, that’s impossible!” 
Louis’ words did not change Yvonne’s expression at all. 
Her eyes were lowered, and no emotions could be seen. 
However, she was already filled with resentment and viciousness. 
She had known since she was young that although her adoptive father had never said or made any requests, he only wanted her to grow up happily. 
However, outstanding people were welcomed everywhere, so she had deliberately created the image of a genius. 
In school, she always played it down and did not listen to the class much. After school, she played with the other children. When she came back at night, she studied hard and always came first in every exam. 
Gradually, she became known as a genius, a top student, a talented girl, and so on. Her vanity was satisfied. 
This gave her a greater sense of security in the Smiths. 
Until one night when she was exposed by Louis. From then on, Louis had been going against her every day and would no longer coax, pamper, or give in to her. 
However, Yvonne had ways to deal with him. 
She sighed. “Louis, this is Nora, your cousin. Can you get to know her?” 
Louis followed her words and looked at Nora. He snorted. “There’s no need to get to know each other. Sisters are terrifying creatures! I won’t like her. Of course, unless… she’s very rich!” 
Yvonne lowered her head. 
How could she be very rich? 
It was already good enough that Nora did not let Louis support her.. It was impossible for her to support Louis!
###Chapter 304: I Have Money!
Chapter 304: I Have Money! 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at the two of them. 
She realized that the Smiths were actually very interesting. 
Quentin was a second-generation teenager who liked to fight. He always looked like he was the only one in the world. 
Warren was a fool. After interacting with him, she realized that although this fellow was fierce in front of her on the surface, he was actually quite good to her. 
As for this Louis… he looked two years younger than her and should be a younger brother. On the surface, he was not well-educated, but in fact, he did seem to be competent. 
Just as she was thinking, Louis looked at her. “You really want me to acknowledge you, right? Then, Sister, why don’t you lend me your monthly allowance this month?” 
When he said this, Nora raised her eyebrows. 
Borrowing money on their first meeting? 
She was about to say something when Yvonne frowned. “Louis, although it’s only $1,500, you eat and stay at home. Isn’t it enough?” 
“How could it be enough?” Louis said indignantly, “Don’t you need money to go to an Internet cafe? Don’t you need money to buy equipment? Don’t you need money to get a new avatar in the game? $1,500 isn’t even enough for me to survive two days!”
Yvonne sighed. “But Nora has even less money. She was living with… the Andersons. Furthermore, before she returned to the Andersons, she was in California.” 
Louis looked Nora up and down in disdain. “But you’re quite good-looking. At least you’re more pleasing to the eye than Yvonne!” 
Yvonne: “!!” 
She bit her lip and lowered her eyes. Her tone was a little cold. “Nora’s bank card was not reported this month, so she doesn’t have any money. It looks like she can’t lend it to you!” 
“… No money?” 
Louis widened his eyes. “Yvonne, what’s wrong with you? It’s fine if you bully me, but why are you bullying a girl who just arrived? I’m a boy and I don’t need to buy a bag or milk tea. It’s fine if I don’t have any money. But how can you let her live empty-handed? Are you jealous of her because she looks better than you?” 
Yvonne: “!!!” 
She had really done this on purpose. 
It was not that she did not want to give her money. It was just that she felt that the attitude the brothers in the family had toward Nora was not as she had imagined. 
Moreover, if she did not have money on hand, it would be inconvenient for her to do anything outside in the future. She was doing this to suppress Nora. 
However, Louis’s straightforward words made her look very ugly. 
Her face turned cold. “I’ll send Nora the money tomorrow. Then, two days later, the money for this month will be in her account! However, Louis, you definitely won’t be able to get any money here! How much
money is given to everyone every month is all decided by Joel. If you dare, look for Joel. Don’t ask me!” 
Louis tugged at his shoulder bag and pointed at Yvonne. “You win!” 
With that, he turned and left. 
However, after taking two steps, he suddenly turned back and came in front of Nora. His pair of fierce eyes sized her up. 
Nora: “” 
She raised her eyebrows and looked down at herself. She was dressed appropriately today. This set of pajamas she was wearing was linen, which was more breathable. It was very comfortable to wear, and it was a custom design that Lily had bought for her. 
She did not have many other clothes except for her pajamas. 
As she was thinking, Louis suddenly opened his shoulder bag and took out his wallet. There was a stack of money inside. 
When the money arrived today, he had hurriedly withdrawn it. 
He did not want his brother to seal the card again under Yvonne’s instigation, but he did not expect it to only be $1,500. 
He counted the money, took out $700, and stuffed it into Nora’s hands. “Take this money…” 
With that, he looked at Yvonne and sneered, “The young lady of our Smiths is so poor that she doesn’t even have clothes. She can only wear pajamas! It wouldn’t be nice if word got out, right? She has been home for a few days, but you didn’t get anyone to come and take her measurements?”
Yvonne: “!!” 
Yvonne bit her lip. 
Because of Louis’s arrival, the servants cleaning in the living room looked over. 
Yvonne felt extremely embarrassed to have her ugly thoughts exposed in public. 
Yes, she deliberately did not get clothes made for Nora. 
It was so that when she went out in the future, she would not have any good gowns. When the time came, she would either ask Justin for them or be embarrassed. 
However, if she asked Justin for a gown, she would also be looked down upon… 
At that time, she could only say that she had overlooked this matter. 
However, now that Louis had pointed this out, she could not pretend to overlook it anymore. She immediately smiled. “You’re right. I was careless! Mdm. Florence, contact a few big brands immediately and get them to send the clothes for the current season.” 
After saying that, she looked at Nora. “Nora, it takes a long time to customize clothes. I’ll buy a few finished products for you to wear first. Actually, some finished clothes look very good too. I’ll choose two pieces every quarter.” 
At this point, she smiled. “Mdm. Florence, it seems like we haven’t chosen clothes at home this month! How about this? Tell Maureen and the others to come and take a look tonight if they want new clothes! Have them deliver the clothes to us tonight and let everyone choose as much as they want!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and asked in surprise, “You can even come here to buy clothes?”
When she was young, her clothes were all prepared by her stepmother. Most of them were from California, but she was not picky about clothes. 
After she went overseas, all her daily necessities were prepared by her Aunt and Lily. She was wearing comfortable clothes and had never bought them before, so she did not know about this. 
Florence’s lips curled up as she raised her chin slightly. “The Smith family is an important client for all the major luxury brands. Every season, when they release new products, they deliver them to the Smiths, and to the Hunts’ ladies to choose from. If the Smiths and Hunts don’t like them, they would sell them.” 
Nora nodded in understanding. “…Oh.” 
Seeing that she did not look stunned, Florence pursed her lips. 
Louis winked at Nora. “Pick a few more pieces when the time comes! Even if you don’t wear them, you can exchange them for money! I promise I won’t cheat you!” 
Nora: “…” 
She looked down at the $700 in her hand and returned it to Louis. 
Louis was stunned. “You don’t want it?” 
Nora nodded. 
Louis frowned. “What? You think it’s too little?” 
Nora shook her head. “I don’t need it.”
Louis frowned even more intensely and glanced at Yvonne. He leaned in front of her and whispered, “Although you don’t need money to eat or drink, it’s still useful. Keep it… Are you afraid that I’ll ask you to pay back? Don’t worry, what I said was just a joke…” 
Just as he said this, Nora interrupted him. “What I mean is, I have money..”
###Chapter 305: Louis’s Secret
Chapter 305: Louis’s Secret 
When Nora said this, the entire place fell silent. 
Yvonne raised her eyebrows. 
Louis was even more surprised, but he quickly reacted and asked, “Did the Andersons give it to you?” 
“No.” 
When she came to stay with the Smiths, Melissa was prepared to give her money. However, Carefree Pill’s repayment had not been fully received yet, and they did not have much on hand. 
Melissa had prepared one million dollars. After all, the entire Andersons only had that amount back then. 
However, Nora did not want it and had secretly left the card in the room. 
Louis was stunned. “Then what are you offering?” 
Nora: “My own money.” 
Her own… this was the money she earned? 
She was just a girl from California. How much money could she have? 
However, since she had said so, Louis took back the money and asked, “Can you lend me some money?” 
“Alright, how much do you want?”
Nora answered straightforwardly this time. 
After all, she was touched that Louis had given her money just now. 
Louis: “” 
Yvonne:  
Even Florence was stunned when she heard this. 
She pursed her lips. “Master Louis, can’t you borrow money from someone else? How can you borrow money from Miss Nora?” 
Louis immediately raised his chin and said, “Why can’t I borrow money from her? Speaking of which, she’s my sister!” 
After saying that, he looked directly at Nora and scratched his blonde hair. “Lend me… 150?” 
Nora: “?” 
Sensing her gaze, Louis felt that he had called out too little, so he added, “1,500?” 
Nora: “?” 
“Then… 15,000?” 
Louis’s daily expenses every month were around 50,000 dollars. 15,000 dollars was not much to him, but when he thought of Nora’s identity, he was afraid that she would not be able to afford it. 
As he was worried, Nora took out a bank card from the pocket of her pajamas. “Take it.” 
Louis: “”
Florence and Yvonne looked at each other and understood. 
The few of them felt that Nora actually did not have much money. She was just pretending to be rich. 
There could be millions in her bank card, but there could also be hundreds. Giving Louis a bank card would save her face in front of the servants so that others would not mock her for not having money. 
She was too smart. 
Yvonne pursed her lips. 
Louis reacted as well. He took the bank card hurriedly. “Okay, thank you!” 
He took the bank card and left the Smiths without even looking at Yvonne. 
Yvonne lowered her eyes. 
Nora went to change her clothes and was about to leave. When she passed by the living room downstairs, Yvonne saw her and asked, “Nora, where are you going?” 
Nora: “…The Hunts.” 
Yvonne bit her lips with an injured expression. 
Florence said coldly, “Miss Nora, now that you know that you’ve stolen Miss Yvonne’s fiancé, you don’t have to brag about it, right?” 
Nora: “?” 
Were these two people crazy? 
She did not reply to her. Instead, she left with a cold gaze and walked to the door. Florence, who was behind her, still said in a low voice, “Miss Yvonne, don’t lower yourself to her level. I can tell at a glance
that she’s the kind of person who flaunts her achievements everywhere. A woman who depends on a man will eventually be unlucky. She’s not like you. You can rely on yourself.” 
Nora: “!!” 
She stopped in her tracks and turned around suddenly. 
Perhaps sensing her movements, Yvonne and Florence looked up. 
Nora suddenly smiled. “Then I wish you all the best, and that you receive an email from the Hacker Alliance as soon as possible?” 
She left after saying those sarcastic words. 
In the living room. 
When Yvonne heard this, her heart almost stopped. 
For some reason, just now, she felt like Nora had read her mind! 
She bit her lip. 
Florence frowned. “What does she mean? Is she cursing you for not passing the audit? That’s too much! She looks like a woman who grew up in a small family. She doesn’t look like the Smiths’ daughter at all!” 
Yvonne took a deep breath and suppressed the panic in her heart. “Mdm. Florence, don’t mention the Hacker Alliance in front of her. If I’m not accepted, wouldn’t it be a joke?” 
However, Florence said matter-of-factly, “How could that be? Your skills are so good, you won’t be rejected. Besides, even if you aren’t accepted, it’s not her turn to mock you! Miss Yvonne, you have to
remember that you’re Mr. Smith’s daughter! Even if you’re an adopted daughter, your status is still much higher than hers! Master Ian is the direct descendant!” 
“…” 
— 
Nora did not listen to their conversation anymore. She drove the black car the Smiths had arranged for her to visit Cherry at the Hunts’. 
On the way, she suddenly saw Louis squatting by the roadside not far away. 
His car stopped at the side. 
Nora slowed down and saw Louis holding some food in his hand. He was feeding the stray cats and dogs. At the same time, he was making a call. “… How can this little money I have this month be enough to buy food? Chester, lend me 100,000 dollars!” 
“What? Your elder brother deducted your pocket money and blocked your credit card? Why are we still in the same state?!” 
“Alright, alright. I understand. I’ll think of something. Sigh!” 
After hanging up, he lowered his head in dejection. He looked at his deflated wallet and sighed heavily to the stray cats. “Little friends, you’ll have to suffer with me this month! I only have 1,500 dollars, so I can’t give you anything to eat! Alright, I’ll go buy food first. I have to calculate. 1,500 for thirty days. Does that mean 300 dollars a day? No, 50? Oh my god, 50 dollars can only buy two pieces of meat! That’s not enough for either of you! Sigh, I’m leaving!” 
Louis got into the car without even looking at Nora.
Nora: “…” 
She drove silently and followed behind Louis. She watched as he entered the cat food store and squatted there, looking at the cans of meat inside like a pitiful puppy. 
Nora: “…” 
She stopped the car and entered the cat food store. She heard Louis talking to himself. “Little friends, I’m sorry. I can only let you eat your fill of kibbles this month. You won’t be able to eat meat anymore! In the past, we had 3,000 dollars for our meals, but this month, we only have 1,500… Why am I so pitiful?” 
Feeding stray cats were supposed to be done within one’s means. 
However, Louis had developed feelings for those stray cats and always wanted to give them the best. 
In the past, he had fed them top-notch cat food. Now, he was lowering his living standards. 
As he was thinking, Nora walked in. She pointed at the can of cat food and said to the service staff, “I want 60 cans of this.” 
Louis: “!!!” 
He turned his head slowly and saw Nora standing beside him. 
He jumped up suddenly. “Nora, why are you causing trouble? I don’t have the money to buy 60 cans!” 
Seeing that he was about to explode, Nora blocked his mouth with two words. “I do..”
###Chapter 306: Blow up the Card!
Chapter 306: Blow up the Card! 
Louis: “” 
He was stunned. 
Actually, he had indeed spent too much on feeding the stray cats and dogs in the district. 
After all, raising a cat and a dog was the same as raising a wealthy person. 
In the past, when he first started raising them, he would give them cheaper cat food. After all, it was already very satisfying for stray cats to have food. 
However, after a while, he realized that the stray cats had lost a lot of fur and were malnourished. Therefore, he carried them to the vet. 
The doctor said that most stray cats had been abandoned by their owners. There were also a few good breeds of cats who had higher food requirements. 
They had to consume a lot of vitamins and proteins. The dogs also had to eat meat and bones to grind their teeth every meal. 
The doctor also said, “Of course, just feed them some food. It’s already goodwill to them that they won’t starve to death. There’s no need to empty your wallet for them.” 
However, Louis had always been a person who pursued perfection. He had OCD in everything he did. Moreover, he did not want to let these cats and dogs suffer. Therefore, he braced himself and spent his monthly allowance on them.
Later on, his elder brother limited his expenses. When he went to ask his parents for money, his parents scolded him for having a screw loose. Who would spend $30,000 every month just to feed these stray cats and dogs? 
Later on, when others asked him where the money went, he would never say it again. Occasionally, he would tease them, “I bought avatars and equipment for girls!” 
Louis was a little stunned. 
Anyone who saw him feeding stray cats and dogs would urge him to reduce their standard of living. No one had ever come up to him directly and bought canned food without saying anything. 
He looked at Nora in a daze. He slowly stood up and asked in disbelief, “Aren’t you going to ask me how much these cans are?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Oh, how much?” 
“There are dozens of sets of canned food, and it’s not enough for them to only eat canned food. Therefore, I have to prepare some fruits and vitamins. With so many cats and dogs added together, I’m afraid it will cost 1,500 dollars a month!” 
“1,500?” 
Nora was a little hesitant. Was this money a lot? 
It should not be a problem for him to get 1,500 dollars from her card. Why was he so conflicted? 
Louis coughed and said, “So, are you still buying them?” 
“…Yes.”
After Nora answered this question again, she asked the service staff to pack up everything that Louis had said. When a large bag of cat and dog food was in Louis’s hands, the corners of his mouth twitched. “Do you have so much money in your bank card? Don’t pretend to be rich in front of me!” 
Nora did not say anything and silently handed over the bank card. 
She had never set a password for her bank card as she found it troublesome. 
The service staff swiped it and paid directly. Nora took the bank card and stuffed it into Louis’s hand. “It’s enough to feed you.” 
Louis: “” 
He immediately stood up straight and retorted, his blond hair almost exploding. “I’m not the one eating it! It’s for the stray cats and dogs!” 
“…Oh.” Nora glanced at the can in his hand. “You can eat it too.” 
Louis: “!!!” 
After saying this, she turned around and walked out. 
After she left, Louis was still standing there. He looked at the cans, fruits, and various staple food in his hands in shock. 
He pursed his lips. “She probably only has about 1,500 dollars in her card, but she doesn’t know that this is the amount for a day! What are we going to do tomorrow?” 
He looked at the bank card in his hand again. He would try again tomorrow to see if he could successfully swipe it.
Wait, he could try it now! 
— 
Nora drove the jeep to the Hunts. 
The door opened as soon as she arrived at the Hunts. 
Justin stood at the door, looking at her. When the car stopped in the car park, he stepped forward and opened the door for her. “Baby, you’re here.” 
Nora paused when she got out of the car. Then, she took out her car keys and closed the car door. She replied calmly, “…Mm-hm.” 
When did she allow this man to call her Baby? 
Justin lowered his head and took a look. “It’s been less than an hour. It looks like you really miss me…” 
Nora: “!” 
She grimaced and was about to say something when he said, “And Cherry.” 
“…” 
Nora endured it and swallowed. 
She walked straight ahead. “Where does Cherry stay?” 
Justin followed beside her. “Second floor, in the suite.” 
Nora acknowledged indifferently and followed him upstairs.
The moment she opened the door to the suites, the overwhelming pinkness instantly engulfed her, causing her to pause in her footsteps. Only then did she look at her daughter, who was combing a Barbie doll’s hair. 
Cherry was wearing neutral clothing. When she heard the door open and turned to see her, her big black eyes lit up. “Mommy! I was wondering why my mood suddenly became so good. So it’s you!” 
Nora: “…Bootlicker.” 
Cherry did not care what she said. She stretched out her arms and pounced onto her lap, hugging it as she raised her head. “Mommy, I missed you so much! I know you missed me too! After all, I’m so cute and beautiful!” 
“…” 
Alright, she finally knew who Cherry had inherited her narcissistic nature from! 
She was about to speak when her phone rang. 
Beep! 
She took out her phone and took a look. She realized that it was showing: $13.90 has been debited from your account xxxx0000. 
Nora: “?” 
Judging by Louis’s appearance, he should be someone who spent lavishly, right? What did he buy that cost only $13.90? 
As she was thinking about this, she heard a beep again. It was again a message notification: $13.90 has been debited from your account xxxx0000.
Nora: “” 
Beep. Another message alert came. It was the same $13.90. 
Nora: “?” 
With a head full of question marks, she looked at the endless notifications on her phone and was puzzled. What was that Louis doing? 
— 
“Another bottle!” 
Louis took out a can of meat and handed it to the salesperson. 
The cashier held the bank card in confusion and swiped another can. 
Louis asked, “Did it go through?” 
“Yes.” 
Louis was surprised. “There’s still money? It’s almost 3,000 dollars. Did the Andersons really give her 50,000 dollars?” 
He took out another can. “Swipe another?” 
“…” 
He wanted to see how much money this silly sister from the countryside had in her card and how many cans of meat he could buy.
It couldn’t be that she had 139,000 dollars? He could buy 10,000 cans? 
He did not believe it! 
If he did not swipe the card dry today, he would not leave!! 
With this in mind, he took out ten cans.. “I’ll buy ten!”
###Chapter 307: The Jealous Justin~
Chapter 307: The Jealous Justin~ 
The cashier: “…” 
Ten cans, another ten cans… One hundred cans, another one hundred cans… 
Even when all the cans of pet food in the store were gone, the card still wasn’t maxed out yet. 
Louis was dumbfounded. “Just how much money is there in there?” 
The cashier: “…” 
Louis waved and said, “Alright, that’s enough. Store the rest here for now, I’ll come over and collect them tomorrow!” 
The cashier finally heaved a sigh of relief. 
She had really been very scared just now. The whale in front of her had pretty much bought the whole store! 
Louis stared at the bank card in his hand after he left the pet food shop. He had bought the following month’s supply of cat and dog food in the store just now and spent a total of almost 50,000 dollars. 
Even so, the card still didn’t seem to be maxed out yet. 
He decided to go to the bank to check how much balance there was in it! 
— 
The cell phone finally stopped beeping.
When Nora saw from the notifications on the phone that Louis had spent about 50,000 dollars all in the pet food store with her card, she knew at once that he had ordered his supply of cat and dog food for the next month. 
Couldn’t he pay all at once, though? Why did he have to pay $13.90 and $139 again and again instead? 
She shook her head. Unable to understand, she simply stuffed the phone into her pocket. 
As soon as she looked up, she saw Cherry and Justin, who were sitting opposite her, staring at her curiously. 
Justin didn’t say anything. 
Cherry asked, “Who was just sending you text messages just now, Mommy?” 
Nora glanced at her and replied, “No one.” 
Almost as soon as she said that, a faint voice said, “So, no one sent you 157 messages?” 
Nora: “” 
Cherry: “” 
Both of them looked at Justin in unison, only to see that his usually deep and bottomless eyes were looking at her innocently at the moment. Even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to exude a feeling that he had suffered some kind of injustice, as if she had done something behind his back. 
Nora: “…” 
She pursed her lips and suddenly asked, “I heard that you have a marriage agreement with Yvonne Smith?”
Her one-liner made Justin sit up straight. His expression turned serious and he replied, “I have to make this clear—my marriage agreement is with a daughter of the Smiths, not specifically Yvonne Smith. Come to think of it, this may be fate between you and me. No wonder you made lo—ving me your first priority the moment you saw me.” 
Nora: “…” 
Why did he have to pause in between the two syllables for the word ‘loving’, making her feel like she had failed her English classes and misunderstood something? 
When she looked at Justin again, he continued to sit where he was with a serious look. He had worn a black suit today and looked extra serious. He probably didn’t mean what she thought he meant, right? 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Oh.” 
She got up, glanced at Cherry’s room, and asked, “Where does Pete live?” 
She did care about her son, after all, and wanted to see what her son’s room had turned into. 
But as soon as she voiced the question, Justin and Cherry exchanged a look. 
Seeing that their expressions didn’t look quite right, Nora frowned. “Pete couldn’t possibly not have any place to live in, right?” 
“He does, but…” Justin found it hard to explain it in a few words. He said, “But because I had misunderstood his sexual orientation previously… cough, and also because Cherry likes pink, I renovated it into a pink-themed room to make the child happy.” 
Nora: “!!!” 
She looked at Justin with a complex look. “Are you sure you don’t need me to take a look at your brain?”
Just what kind of person would go along with his son’s wishes and turn the room pink after suspecting that he wasn’t straight?! 
The corners of her lips spasmed. She was about to speak when Justin stood up and said, “I have photos of Pete when he was a baby. Do you want to look at them?” 
Sure enough, it distracted Nora and she stopped paying attention to the topic about the pink room. She followed Justin to the next room. 
When Justin took out an album of Pete’s pictures, Nora started flipping through it from the very beginning. 
The first photo was of a tiny little infant. His skin was dark all over, and he looked pitifully skinny. 
“Is this from when Pete was a month old?” asked Nora. 
As the twins were born prematurely, they were actually both a little skinny when they were born. Cherry had looked about the same as a fifteen-day-old normal baby when she turned one month old. 
The photo of Pete looked similar to how Cherry had looked when she was a month old. 
Justin kept quiet for a while before he replied, “Yeah, I guess.” 
Even though Pete was rescued, his health had suffered a lot. It was only because the Hunts were powerful enough and had their own high-end medical equipment that they managed to slowly restore his health at the cost of a lot of money. 
When he was a month old, he had even been sent into the ICU a few times and had tubes inserted into him all over.
However, Justin didn’t intend to tell the woman all that. 
Nora kept quiet for a long while. 
She had already spotted the date marked at the bottom of the photo. 
This was a photo of Pete when he was six months old. 
Even if Justin didn’t mention anything, she could still imagine just how much Pete had suffered back then. Otherwise, why would he have mild autism? 
Nora heaved a silent sigh and stopped speaking. Instead, she continued to flip through the album in silence. 
Pete at one-month-old looked about the same as Cherry at three months old. 
Subsequently, though, because Pete was ultimately still a boy, he had slowly caught up with Cherry. This was why the siblings were about the same height now. 
Pete had lagged behind for a whole half a year. 
In the photos, the little boy always stood there expressionlessly and stared quietly at the camera. His light-less eyes, which looked identical to Cherry’s big round ones, slowly gained some light. 
This was all thanks to Justin taking care of him. 
Nora flipped through the album from beginning to end. Toward the end, she even occasionally saw photos of Pete with his lip corners quirked upward. He was probably smiling, right? 
Nora felt terribly emotional. 
She felt like all the emotions she would ever experience in her entire life had emerged in this instant.
She had never been this worked up before. Even when her child was taken away, she had merely felt fury. 
She suppressed the acerbity in her heart, and slowly raised her head to look at Justin. “Thank you.” 
“If someone has to say thank you,” Justin also looked at her, “Then I should be the one saying it. Thank you for giving me two such lovely family members.” 
Ever since his parents divorced and his mother moved out of the family when he was five, he had lost his parents’ love and care for him. 
Having been alone for so many years, he had once considered staying alone for the rest of his life. He hadn’t understood familial kinship or feelings in the past, but Pete’s existence had gradually given him something to look forward to. 
Rather than saying that he had saved Pete, it was more like Pete had given him salvation during the five years he took care of him. 
Nora, who seemed to sense his emotional fluctuations, looked up at him. 
She suddenly felt that she shouldn’t have developed thoughts of taking Pete away. He was the boy’s father after all. 
— 
In the bank. 
Louis entered the lobby, took a number, and sat there in line.
When it was his turn, he took out the bank card and handed it to the clerk at the counter. “Please check the balance of this card for me.” 
The bank clerk looked up.. When she saw the bank card in his hand, she was taken aback!
###Chapter 308: The Bank Card!!
Chapter 308: The Bank Card!! 
The clerk stood up at once, giving Louis a shock. 
He stared at the clerk stupefied. “W-what’s the matter?” 
However, the clerk bowed and said, “Please wait a moment!” 
Then, she took the card and rushed to the manager’s office at the side. 
Louis was awfully shocked. 
He looked around and found that the rest of the staff were all behaving normally. The clerk attending to him was the only one who had suddenly run off. 
He swallowed hard. Could it be that his cousin had stolen that card from someone? After all, it wasn’t maxed out even after he spent nearly 50,000 dollars on pet food just now! 
Was the clerk calling the police? 
He was so alarmed that he jumped onto his feet abruptly, and he subconsciously walked toward the door hastily. 
He had only just taken two steps when someone suddenly came after him from behind. “Sir, please wait a moment!” 
Louis: “!!” 
Without another word, he started to run out.
Unfortunately, the security guard at the bank’s doors saw the manager chasing him, so he subconsciously thought that Louis was a bad guy and rushed toward him at once. 
Louis easily avoided the security guard. He said, “Don’t grab me, bro! That card isn’t mine! I… I found it somewhere!” 
He ran out of the bank until he reached the streets. Then, he ran off along the sidewalk. 
But he had only taken two steps when the security guard caught up with him. He said, “What are you afraid of if it’s something you found? Stop running and clarify everything with the manager! Otherwise, I’m calling the cops!” 
“You can’t!” Louis yelled as he ran, “I didn’t break the law!” 
“Then stop running!” 
“No way!” 
Louis continued running forward. At the same time, he took out his cell phone and sent a text message to Nora: ‘You stinky woman! You’ve gotten me into huge trouble!!’ 
Louis had taken the initiative to add Nora’s contact information into his phone when they were buying food for the cats. He had even said, “You can come to me if you run into any trouble in the future! I’ll protect you!” 
Little did he think that things would actually turn out like this! 
After sending the text message, he continued to exercise his skills to the fullest and ran with all his strength. 
The security guard: “…”
Fleeing was what Louis did best. After all, he was already used to being disciplined by his family ever since he was a child, so he ran very fast and soon disappeared. 
The security guard was all out of breath from chasing after him, but he still lost him in the end. 
He bent over and panted heavily. 
The manager behind him had also caught up with him by then. He asked, “What were you chasing him for? You’ve scared him away!” 
“… Isn’t he a bad guy?” asked the security guard. 
“What nonsense!” The manager exclaimed huffily, “He’s a distinguished customer!!” 
The security guard: “!!” 
He was puzzled. “If he’s a customer, what is he running away for?” 
The manager smacked the security guard angrily. “Isn’t it because you were chasing him? Of course, he would run away if you chase after him!” 
“… Really?” asked the security guard. 
The manager sighed. He looked down at the bank card in his hand and couldn’t help but sigh emotionally. “Do you know that only five cards like this one here have been issued ever since our bank was established?” 
The security guard: “?” 
The manager stared at the card. “Although this is a supplementary card, there are no more than twenty supplementary cards of this card series in the bank! And this is on a global scale, no less! That’s why I
have to personally attend to the customer. But great, you’ve actually scared him off! I have to report this to the higher-ups as soon as possible!” 
He turned around and returned to the bank. Then, he got the security guard to show him the surveillance camera footage. “Hurry and find out who it is! We have to pay them a visit!” 
Louis hadn’t expected any of this at all when he first entered the bank, so his looks were totally exposed. 
The manager got a friend to investigate who he was. 
Louis could be considered someone with status in New York, so they quickly found out who he was. 
The bank manager looked at his information. A short silence later, he said, “C’mon, let’s go to the Smiths now. We have to retain that important customer and apologize to the VIP!” 
— 
Louis stopped and started to pant heavily after he ran a great distance away. 
He looked behind him. When he found that no one had caught up to him, he was relieved. 
But! 
He took out his cell phone and dialed Chester’s number with his trembling fingers. “I’m in trouble! I’m in trouble!” 
Chester asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Louis thought for a moment and decided that he mustn’t rat Nora out. Even if she had stolen someone’s card, he had to cover up for her.
After all, he was the one who had caused this. 
He took a deep breath. “Don’t ask. Give me all the money you have. I’m going to go on the run!” 
“… But I only have 300 dollars! I’ll transfer it to you!” said Chester. 
“Get lost! Why are you even more pitiful than I am?!” 
Louis hung up on him straightaway. 
If he fled, he would be a wanted criminal. This way, it wouldn’t affect Nora. Besides, wasn’t the pugilistic world what Quentin loved the most anyway? 
Didn’t this mean he was going to wander the world now? 
Come to think of it, it sounded pretty exciting. 
The main problem was, how was he going to escape if he didn’t have any money? 
While thinking about it, he drove quietly to the Smiths’ manor. 
In any case, he would just go to Warren and borrow some money first! 
Warren was easy-going and easy to bluff. He definitely wouldn’t stand by and watch him starve to death. 
After driving back to the Smiths, in order not to make too much noise, he parked the car outside the door and sneaked in quietly by himself. 
He was about to go up the stairs to look for Warren when he was discovered. 
Yvonne looked at him. “What are you sneaking around for, Louis?”
Louis: “!!” 
What bad luck! 
How was it that he always ran into her every time he was down on his luck? 
With an evasive look in his eyes, Louis replied, “It’s nothing.” 
Yvonne knew at once from his behavior that he must have gotten himself in trouble. She immediately said, “You must have done something bad again, right? See if I don’t tell Joel about it!” 
Louis snapped at once. “All you know is snitching on others! What else do you know besides being a tattletale?!” 
Yvonne looked at him up and down a few times. Then, she cast her eyes down and suddenly asked, “Did Nora’s bank card get you into trouble?” 
Although Louis was mischievous, didn’t like studying, and had a weird personality, he had only become like that thanks to her ‘schemes’. 
No one knew better than Yvonne how kind Louis actually was. 
He would always play hero and speak up whenever he ran into trouble in the past, yet he simply refused to say even a word about it today. Therefore, she decided to simply sound him out. 
Unexpectedly, the look in Louis’s eyes suddenly changed the moment she said that, and he said, “No, it didn’t!” 
Yvonne frowned. “So, it really is because of that bank card!”
Louis: “!!” 
Right at this moment, a butler came over hesitantly from outside. “Ms. Yvonne, the manager of the New York branch of ABC Bank is here. They say that they are here for Mr. Louis.” 
Louis: “” 
Had they found him so soon? 
He wanted to slip away, but Yvonne grabbed his collar and said, “What are you running for, Louis? What’s there that you can’t explain properly to everyone? Since they are looking for you, then let’s go over and have a look!” 
Something must have gone wrong with Nora’s card! 
And judging from how panicky Louis was, it seemed like a pretty big problem. 
Let’s see how she would gain a foothold in the Smiths now!!
###Chapter 309: The Card Is Mine!
Chapter 309: The Card Is Mine! 
Yvonne looked at the butler and instructed, “Since it’s the manager from the bank, then please invite him in!” 
The butler answered, “Yes, miss.” 
He turned to leave. 
“Wait!” The frightened Louis shouted. 
However, the butler ignored him completely. 
Louis had always been naughty and mischievous since he was a child and especially compared to Yvonne, it made him seem even more atrocious. The servants in the manor also found him rather ionable. 
Moreover, this was Ian and Joel’s home. As the head of the family, one could consider Joel Ian’s adopted son. Yvonne was the true mistress of the household instead. 
When the butler left, a furious and panicky Louis demanded, “What do you think you’re doing? What makes you think you can agree to meet them when they are here to look for me?” 
Yvonne cast her eyes down and replied dispassionately, “What are you so worked up for just because the manager of the bank is looking for you? Is there something wrong with Nora’s card?” 
Louis looked downstairs.
Sure enough, the servants in the house were looking at them. He pretty much subconsciously replied, “That card belongs to me!” 
Yvonne: “…” 
She kept her eyes down and said detachedly, “As your elder sister, I have to interfere in this, Louis. Since it’s yours, then all the more so. Let’s go and have a look.” 
Louis wanted to push her away, but the manager had already entered by then. 
He was following behind the butler. This was his first time in the Smiths’ manor. The manor’s lavish decor filled him with great emotion. No wonder they had a card like that. As expected, their background was indeed impressive! 
He would have to apologize to the distinguished customer later, though. He mustn’t behave too frivolously. 
With that in mind, he straightened his back and put on a rather serious expression. 
Seeing how stern he looked, Louis became even more scared. 
Sob… 
Did Nora steal that card from someone or did she rob someone of it? To think it made the bank manager spend so much effort and go through so many twists and turns that he had actually managed to find him. 
Since their investigations had led to him, they must have asked the police for help with that, right? 
Despite knowing that this was the Smiths’ manor, they had still come for him… This meant that they definitely wouldn’t back down even if he used Joel against them. So! Just what kind of crime exactly had Nora committed?!
Surely it couldn’t be robbery or murder, right?! 
A grave look came over Louis’s countenance when he thought of that. 
Seeing that he had no way out anymore, Louis acted as if he was about to face the music and took a big step forward. 
When the manager saw him, he took a step forward, took out the card, and asked respectfully, “Excuse me, is this card yours? Are you the only one using the card?” 
Louis: “…” 
He held his head high, puffed out his chest, and said righteously, “Yes, of course, I am the only one using it. What else could it be?” 
The manager: “?” 
Louis snorted and said, “Alright, that’s enough. A man must bear the consequences of his own actions. This card belongs to me and me alone!” 
The manager: “!!” 
The servants: “…” 
Why did it seem like there was something kinda off about the scene in front of them? 
It was at this point that Yvonne smiled and said, “I think that card belongs to Nora, doesn’t it? I saw her giving it to you earlier today. There’s a blue pattern at the side of the card…” 
A blue pattern… 
Louis looked at the card and retorted, “You’re mistaken! You have blue-green colorblindness!”
Yvonne: “!!!” 
Yvonne took a deep breath and went on. “There’s no way I would have made a mistake. That’s Nora’s card, no doubt about it. Did something happen to Nora, Louis? You can just come straight out and say it if there’s something wrong, I can help you. Even if I can’t, there’s Joel. It’s not good to keep some things a secret…” 
Louis glared at her viciously. “I told you, the card belongs to me. How annoying can you get?” 
Yvonne bit her lip and put on a pitiful act. 
Florence frowned. “Mr. Louis, watch the way you speak to Ms. Yvonne. She’s saying it for your own good! The Smiths would never give up their own for the sake of an indecent woman and outsider. Even if you hide certain things in order to protect her, people can still find out the truth later!” 
Louis stared at her coldly. “Why is there a stray dog barking away here? How noisy! If I don’t take my blood-related sister’s side, then am I supposed to take your side, you detestable old woman?” 
He curled his lips disdainfully and went on. “When a beautiful girl is meddlesome, you can say that she’s acting bravely for a just cause. But for people like you, do you know what it’s called?” 
Florence was taken aback. “What is it called?” 
“Ugly people being up to no good.” 
Florence: “!!!” 
Movements came from the door at this point—Joel was back.
Florence’s eyes reddened the moment she saw him enter. She cried out in tears, “Sir, you have to help me! I have been working respectfully in the Smiths for so many years, but now that I’m old, someone is actually saying that I’m an ugly person up to no good!” 
Florence had watched Joel grow up. 
Florence had been taking care of Joel, and treated him with great respect ever since Ian appointed him as his successor when he was ten. 
Therefore, Joel also treated her with a lot of courtesy at home. Upon hearing that, he looked at Louis with a frown and said unhurriedly, “Apologize to Mdm. Florence, Louis.” 
Although he spoke gently, his words brooked no refusal. 
Not only did Louis not dare to go against Joel, but he also feared him from the bottom of his heart. Therefore, even though he was filled with reluctance, he nevertheless looked at Florence and said, “I won’t say you’re ugly anymore, old fogey.” 
Florence: “…” 
Everyone else: “…” 
Although his words were unpleasant, Florence didn’t dare to act presumptuously in front of Joel anymore after making one of her masters apologize to her. She glared at Louis hatefully. 
Yvonne changed the subject. “You’re back just in time, Joel. It seems like Nora has gotten into some kind of trouble, and Louis is insisting on taking the blame for her. Sigh, that’s also why Mdm. Florence is arguing with him. She’s doing it for your own good, Louis.” 
Florence was touched to hear that.
Joel, however, looked at Louis with a frown and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Louis shrank back at the look in Joel’s eyes. He wanted to chicken out, but he was afraid that Joel would give him a good thrashing. In the end, he bit the bullet and replied, “Don’t ask anymore, Joel. In any case, I did this all by myself, it has nothing to do with Nora! Stop trying to smear Nora’s name, Yvonne. Someone as vicious as you, and who wants only to see Nora make a fool out of herself is not worthy of speaking here!” 
He looked at the manager and said, “Alright, that’s enough. The card is mine. If you want to arrest me, then let’s go! Let’s just cut the crap!” 
The manager: “” 
Joel’s eyes swept across Yvonne when he heard Louis. For some reason, Yvonne suddenly felt a little uneasy. 
It was as if someone had seen through her thoughts. 
Yvonne lowered her head. 
So what even if her thoughts had been seen through? She was telling the truth! 
The card was indeed Nora’s. Now that there were credibility problems with it, it would definitely embarrass her to hell and back! 
While she was thinking about it, the manager stepped forward and grabbed Louis’ hand!
###Chapter 310: The Real Owner of The Card!
Chapter 310: The Real Owner of The Card! 
Yvonne had never considered that the card was stolen from someone else. 
After all, it was impossible that Nora would do something like that when she already had Justin. Her only thought was that a problem had occurred with her credit score. 
Weren’t there a lot of people who didn’t pay their credit card bills after using the cards? 
That was already embarrassing enough. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as the thought formed in her mind, the manager said excitedly, “What are you talking about, Mr. Smith? Arrest? We just want to invite you to the bank as a guest! Why would we arrest you?” 
“…” 
His words caused the room to fall silent for a moment. 
Yvonne, who was taken aback, looked at him incredulously. 
The manager said, “You are our bank’s VIP customer. Now that we’ve met in New York, of course, I would invite you to the bank. Also, do you need financial management services for your balance? We have capital protection and an interest rate of 5%! I know it’s a little low, so you won’t be interested for sure, but isn’t it a little of a waste to just let the money rest in the account like that? Or perhaps you have investment plans for the near future?” 
Louis: “”
Louis felt like he could understand all the words that the manager was saying, but how come he couldn’t understand them anymore once they were strung together? 
Next to him, an even more surprised Florence asked, “What are you talking about? What VIP customer?” 
Yvonne’s eyes widened in astonishment, and she stared at the manager in disbelief. 
A VIP… customer? 
The manager glanced at Florence. “You don’t need to know about your master’s affairs. Mr. Smith? Mr. Smith?” 
Only then did Louis come back to his senses. He pointed at the bank card incredulously. “Did you say that the owner of the card is a VIP customer? I-in that case, who is the owner of the card?” 
His first reaction was that he was finished. Nora had actually stolen a VIP customer’s card! 
The manager smiled. “Don’t joke around anymore, Mr. Smith. Didn’t you say it yourself just now? It’s you! This card doesn’t require registration with one’s real name, and there are only five in the world. Customer information is confidential, so I won’t know, either. This is the first time I’m meeting the owner of the card…” 
Louis: “…” 
Louis swallowed hard. “What’s the credit limit of this card?” 
The manager replied, “This bank card is both a savings card and a credit card. This is a supplementary card. I wouldn’t know where the primary card is. Only the owner would know that. Also, this card doesn’t have a credit limit~” 
The reason why such cards were rarely issued around the world was precisely that they weren’t registered with the owners’ names.
Additionally! They didn’t have any credit limits! 
Just how much trust must one have in their customers in order to issue unregistered cards without any credit limit? 
That was why there were only five in the world! 
How would he, a manager of a side branch of the bank in New York, possibly know who the owner was?! 
However, the manager’s words clearly shocked everyone present. 
Louis stammered, “I-is there a chance for someone to steal the card?” 
Just whose card had Nora stolen?! 
The manager laughed again. “You must be joking. There’s no way the owner of the card would lose the card, how can anyone steal it?” 
Those who owned the card were either rich or noble. 
They would definitely have bodyguards with them whenever they were out. 
Therefore, there wasn’t such a problem at all. Even if it just so happened that they misplaced it, they could just inform the account manager that had applied for the card for them, and they would reissue one to them right away. 
Seeing how embarrassing Louis was behaving, Joel held his forehead. He glanced at the manager and said, “Since the card has been delivered, we’re done here.” 
Although his attitude was detached and distant, the manager didn’t feel slighted at all.
After all, he was here to deliver the card to them. 
He handed the card to Louis respectfully and held his hand with great reluctance to part. He said, “Mr. Louis, do visit the bank when you’re free! If you aren’t interested in financial management services, I can also recommend our other services to you…” 
Louis, who was holding the bank card, nodded dazedly and watched the manager leave. 
Louis looked at Joel after he left. “Just what kind of background does that cousin of mine have, Joel? You and Uncle Ian are the only ones in the family who can use a card like this, right?” 
Even the way he spoke had become respectful. 
His words made Yvonne’s eyes flicker. 
Among the Smiths, Ian and Joel were indeed the only ones who could use credit cards with no credit limit. 
At the end of it all, wasn’t it still because she wasn’t related to them by blood but was just an adopted daughter that she didn’t have the right to use such cards?! She clenched her fists. 
Joel did not answer. Instead, he held his hand out toward him. 
Louis: “!!” 
He hid the card in his bosom and said, “Nora gave this to me, Joel!” 
Joel raised his brows and glanced at him dispassionately. “Are you worthy of using it?” 
Louis gritted his teeth and slowly handed the card to Joel. Joel reached out to take it—only to find that Louis was still holding on to the card tightly.
Joel: “…” 
“Joel…” Louis sounded pitiful and miserable. Even his bleached blond hair looked a lot softer than usual. 
Joel ignored him. He applied more force and took the card from him. 
He slid it into his pocket after he took it. Then, he casually took out a credit card that belonged to the Smiths and handed it to Louis. 
Louis: “!!!” 
At the sight of his adorable credit card that had been sealed, he almost jumped straight into the air! 
He immediately gave his credit card a huge kiss. Then, fearing that Joel would change his mind, he quickly ran out while calling out, “I love you, Joel!” 
Joel: “…” 
The people in the living room were still standing there. 
Yvonne’s fists were balled up tightly. She simply couldn’t understand why Nora would have such a card? But when Louis left, she suddenly realized something. 
Mr. Hunt must have given it to Nora, right? 
Otherwise, how would she possibly have that much money? 
She raised her head and glanced at Joel. “Is it really okay that Nora uses the Hunts’ money like that, Joel?” 
Joel lowered his gaze.
Yvonne went on. “You should have her return the card. It won’t do her reputation any good if she spends the Hunts’ money like that… I’m saying this for her sake, Joel.” 
Joel said dispassionately, “Come with me.” 
Yvonne became nervous as she followed Joel into the study. 
Joel leaned against the desk. Yvonne stood in front of him with her head down like a child who had done something wrong. 
Joel suddenly asked, “You think this card belongs to Justin?” 
Yvonne nodded. “Who else, apart from Mr. Hunt’s? Nora can’t possibly know anyone else, right?” 
Joel took out the card, handed it to his personal assistant, and instructed, “Go and find out who the owner of this card is.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Ten minutes later, the assistant walked back in feeling rather light-headed. As he stared at the results of the investigation, he felt as if he was stepping on cotton, his footsteps alternating between shallow and deep ones. 
Yvonne had been standing there for ten minutes. She asked anxiously, “Whose card is that? It’s Mr.. Hunt’s, right?”
###Chapter 311: Five Years Ago
Chapter 311: Five Years Ago 
Yvonne had always been someone very good at keeping herself calm and collected, but in front of Joel, she always felt like he could see through everything she was thinking. 
The last ten minutes when the assistant was away were the most unbearable ten minutes she had ever experienced. 
She could pretend to be flawless in front of everyone, but her eldest brother’s eyes seemed to always be able to see through all her thoughts. 
He had deliberately kept quiet and sat there just like that. It was just a short ten minutes, yet she felt as if a whole year had gone by. 
That was why she had so eagerly asked that question when the assistant entered the study, causing herself to expose all of her sneaky little thoughts. 
As soon as she spoke, she secretly cursed. 
She turned to Joel. Sure enough, he was looking straight at her. His usually amicable countenance was sharp and chilly. 
Yvonne swallowed hard. 
She lowered her head. 
The assistant could clearly feel something wrong between the siblings. He hurriedly lowered his head and replied, “This card was used for the first time in a foreign country five years ago. Although the card
registrant hadn’t left any information, it was indeed Ms. Nora Smith who used it that time.” 
In other words, although it was an anonymous card, barring any accidents, it was indeed Nora’s. 
Yvonne had already been too afraid to speak when Joel was staring at her just now. Even though she was astounded, she nevertheless bit her lip and asked, “Did she already know Mr. Hunt five years ago?” 
Her words took the assistant by surprise, and he glanced at Joel. 
Joel glanced at the door. The assistant immediately understood. He lowered his head and quietly left the study. When he was exiting, he even thoughtfully closed the door for them. 
As soon as the door closed, Joel’s gentle but cold and mellow voice reached Yvonne. “Are you hoping very much that this card belongs to Justin? Why?” 
Yvonne: “!!” 
She looked up in a panic. “N-no… Let me explain, Joel. That’s not…” 
But when Yvonne’s eyes met Joel’s calm but mocking gaze, she shut up. 
She knew that there was no use no matter what she said. 
He knew. 
Yvonne lowered her head. “Joel, in your eyes, who is more important? Me or her? I’m Dad’s lawful daughter…” 
Joel lowered his head. He suddenly asked, “Then do you still remember what your legal name is?” 
Yvonne was taken aback. “Yvonne Smith…” 
She suddenly paused.
Yv… onne… Smith… 
Her name had always been a topic of discussion ever since she was a child. In fact, even her adoptive father’s love history was a famous one. However, he never seemed to care about people talking about how much he loved Yvette. 
Even if everyone said that Yvette had betrayed him, he had never once diminished his love for her in front of others. 
He stayed single all his life. 
He adopted a daughter who would marry into the Hunts in the future, and named her Yvonne. 
Yvonne lowered her head, her fingers balling up even tighter into fists. “Joel, is it because Dad likes that woman that he would also like the daughter she had with another man?” 
Joel was silent. 
However, it seemed like Yvonne had regained her strength. She said, “Aren’t you afraid that Dad would be disappointed if you defend her? Everyone says that I’m Dad’s adopted daughter, but even I feel for him and dislike Nora, despite how I’m not related to Dad by blood. You’re not just his blood-related nephew, you’re pretty much Dad’s son. You’re even closer to him than I am, so how can you let him down?” 
Had he let Uncle Ian down? 
Joel pressed his lips together again. 
He thought of how his uncle had reacted when the DNA report was first released. He thought of his internal struggle during that time. He thought of how he had gone to the Hunts’ party and defended her…
Joel slowly lowered his gaze. “You are not allowed to act rashly until Uncle Ian makes a decision.” 
Seeing that he wasn’t pursuing the matter anymore, Yvonne breathed a sigh of relief at once. 
She nodded. “I promise.” 
When she left the office, someone suddenly opened the window. Quentin came in nimbly from the window. The thin and fair-skinned young man stared in the direction Yvonne had left, and curled his lips disdainfully. “Are you really not going to do anything about it?” 
Joel had always handled family affairs fairly. 
However, his actions had been a little partial toward Yvonne this time. 
Joel looked at him and asked, “What can I do?” 
Quentin was taken aback. 
If he gave Yvonne a warning, he would be slapping Ian in the face. 
Yet if he defended Nora, it would also shame Ian. 
“But she’s our cousin! She has blood ties with us!” 
As soon as Quentin said that, Joel sighed and said, “She’s also the daughter that woman had with Uncle Ryan.” 
Quentin: “…” 
He scratched his head and kept quiet for a long while. At last, he said, “Forget it, the previous generation’s relationships are too complicated. I’ll just pretend I don’t know anything.”
Joel nodded. However, he then looked at him again and asked, “Aren’t you supposed to be protecting her?” 
Quentin curled his lips disdainfully. “Yeah, she’s home. There, she’s here!” 
— 
A big black jeep stopped outside the manor with a screech. 
Afraid that Joel would confiscate his card again, Louis slipped away at high speed, causing him to almost bump into the car in front of him! 
He stood in front of the car and patted his chest. “Is that how you should be driving? You almost scared me to death!” 
He walked to the side of the car as he spoke, upon which he saw Nora’s cool and expressionless face through the open window. 
Louis’s anger froze instantly. Then, a huge smile blossomed on his face at once. “Nora!” 
Nora: “” 
Did someone run over the kid and damage his brain? 
Why was there suddenly such a huge change in his attitude toward her? 
While she was wondering about it, Louis said, “You’re my cousin, indeed! Don’t worry, I will protect you in the future! Joel has taken the card again, though. Can you transfer me some money?” 
‘Again’… 
Poor child.
“… Alright. How much do you need?” asked Nora. 
She took out her cell phone. Only then did she realize that Louis had sent her a voice message. 
She raised her eyebrows. “You sent me a voice message? What did you send?” 
She was about to play it when Louis abruptly grabbed her phone—he had just thought of the ‘You stinky woman! You’ve gotten me into huge trouble!!’ message that he had sent earlier. 
He hastily deleted the voice message. 
Only then did Louis return the phone. “It’s nothing, nothing…” 
Nora: “…” 
Seeing how he was behaving, Nora didn’t stoop to his level. Instead, she picked up her phone and asked, “How much do you want?” 
Louis held up five fingers. 
His monthly allowance was 50,000 dollars. Although that was considered rather low for a family like theirs, it was just enough to feed the cats and dogs. Even though he had already ordered cat food for the next one month and Joel had also returned him his credit card—limit of which also happened to be 50,000 dollars—who would ever say no to more money? 
Nora glanced at his hand and uttered an ‘oh’. Then, she tapped on her phone a few times. A beep rang out and Louis received an SMS. 
Nora then tossed the phone onto the car seat and left coolly.
“Bye, Nora!” 
Louis picked up his cell phone after he called out ingratiatingly, but when he saw the transfer amount, he was astounded..
###Chapter 312: Quentin Goes Idol-Chasing!
Chapter 312: Quentin Goes Idol-Chasing! 
The SMS read: ‘Your bank account xxxx2222 has been credited with $500,000.’ 
Louis felt like he must be seeing things. 
But when he carefully read it again, he confirmed that it was… indeed 500,000 dollars! 
He jumped into the air excitedly at once and chased after Nora’s car. “You’re my actual sister, Nora!! Here, I’ll open the door for you!” 
With a sister like her, why would he still need his eldest brother? 
Would Joel ever give him 500,000 dollars? 
When had he, someone whose pocket money had been under someone else’s control ever since he was a child, ever seen piping hot and fresh 500,000 dollars?!?! 
Louis trotted all the way behind Nora to the garage. After she parked the car, he walked eagerly to the side and opened the door for Nora. “Watch your step, Sis!” 
Nora: “…” 
She sidestepped Louis and entered the house. 
Louis had trotted all the way back from the gate just to open the door for her. After she entered, he happily got ready to leave. 
It was at this point that someone blocked his path.
Quentin, who had turned to the side, was wearing a baseball cap, which seemed to hide all his facial features. He wore a face mask and said in a seemingly very cool manner, “Look at you, Louis! You’ve almost lost yourself to money! Who are you sucking up to—money, or your cousin?” 
Louis had just received 500,000 dollars, so he was in a really good mood. Without any hesitation, he replied, “If she has money, then she’s my real sister!” 
“… Hah, you good-for-nothing! Uncle Ian watched you grow up, you know. Don’t you think you’ve let him down?” said Quentin. 
“Yes, Uncle Ian is someone dear to me, but so is Nora. How am I supposed to pick one? If only she was Uncle Ian’s daughter!” 
Quentin: “…” 
After thinking about it for a while, Louis finally said, “I don’t care anymore, I’ll follow my heart instead. It’s true that there hasn’t been a girl in our family for many years! I like Nora! Uncle Ian wants me to stay away from her? Sure, I can do that. Just give me a million bucks! Just double the amount is enough for me!” 
Quentin: “…” 
As though he had expected better from him, Quentin said, “Look at how much of a good-for-nothing you are! Hah, how can a man bend over just for money?” 
Louis thought for a while and asked, “If she were the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, would you still have something against her?” 
Quentin did not hesitate. “Of course, not.”
Apart from Quinn and Irvin, the two great masters, the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts and the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts were the idols of every martial artist in the martial arts world! 
But! 
Quentin curled his lips disdainfully and said, “But how can she possibly be the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts? Your metaphor is too unsuitable!” 
Louis stuck his tongue out. “It’s just an example! The Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts to you is the same as money to me.” 
Quentin got mad. “Big Sister is an idol. She’s someone high up in the air. How can you compare her to something as uncultured as money?” 
Louis bounced toward the gates. “Money may be very uncultured to you, but it isn’t at all to me. I love the smell of money!” 
Quentin: “…” 
He snorted coldly and scoffed, “It’s because you’re still too young. I’m not as childish as you. I won’t lose control of myself like you even if I’m facing Big Sister!” 
He had only just said that when his cell phone rang. 
He calmly picked it up and answered. In a manner as cool and full of delusions of grandeur as ever, he said, “Speak.” 
The caller was his subordinate. “Boss, I have found out some info about Big Sister!”
Quentin raised his eyebrows. Even his eyes had lit up. He suppressed the excitement in his voice and asked, “Where is she?” 
“She’s at the martial arts tournament!” 
Quentin: “” 
— 
After Nora returned to her bedroom, she took a bath and habitually got ready to lie down and relax. However, as soon as she slumped onto the bed, she received a call from Quinn. 
The old man’s tone was rare and solemn: “The martial arts tournament held once every ten years in the pugilistic world has begun. I’ve signed you up for it.” 
Nora, who was towel-drying her hair, paused. She said, “I’m not going.” 
Quinn knew her very well, though. “Are you sure you’re not going?” 
“Yes.” 
If she had the spare time to fight, she might as well sleep instead. 
Those people were simply too weak. She didn’t want to waste time on them. 
Quinn said, “The Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother will be there.” 
The look in Nora’s eyes instantly sharpened. She said, “Tell me where and when.”
Quinn had pressured her with the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother ever since she started learning martial arts when she was a child. They had already been friends in spirit for very long! Since she now had the opportunity to spar with him… Heh. 
Nora tossed the towel aside and flexed her wrists. She was going to beat him up so bad that even his mother wouldn’t be able to recognize him! 
As if he had grasped her weakness, Quinn was terribly smug. He said, “Don’t worry, the tournament is an underground one this time. It’s actually because several sects are fighting for the top spot. The Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother took first place ten years ago, which allowed that old devious scumbag to show off in front of me for ten years. I told you to go that time, but you didn’t…” 
Nora had only been fifteen years old back then. That was exactly the period when she had become fat due to the hormonal injections, so she had been too lazy to get out of the house. 
Moreover, she hadn’t come of age at that time yet. Her mother had told her not to expose her existence until she had the power to protect herself. 
Mm… Even though she still didn’t have the ability to protect herself yet—after all, she was a weak and frail ordinary woman—she could pretend to be someone else and give Big Brother a good thrashing anyway. 
Quinn had already figured out his disciple’s personality. He said, “I know you want to stay low-key, so you don’t have to participate as the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister. Think of a name, I’ll get someone to make a contestant card for you. It’s good for you to broaden your horizons there, too. Surely you have to at least make the Quinn School of Martial Arts a little proud, right?” 
“… Alright, then.”
Quinn said, “Let’s use the name Smithra.” 
Nora had only just thought the name sounded pretty good when Quinn said, “I’ve already asked someone to sign you up. Oh, by the way, tonight’s the first match.” 
Nora: “” 
So, he wasn’t calling to discuss it with her but only to inform her about it, right?! 
She was about to lose her temper when Quinn went on. “In the martial arts tournament, every sect is required to participate anonymously. Only the winner will reveal their name and which sect they are from. This is to prevent internal strife.” 
Nora frowned. 
Why were they making this so mysterious? 
She asked, “Will the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother be there tonight?” 
“Yes.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora hung up and got up. She dried her hair with a hairdryer and changed into a tight-fitting outfit. 
As soon as she went out, she saw Quentin standing outside her door. He said, “Don’t go out tonight. I have to go out for something.” 
Nora: “” 
Quentin, who noticed that she was wearing a new outfit, tried to scare her. He said, “Don’t you know that there are at least five different groups of people watching you right now? Without me, you won’t
live to see tomorrow the moment you leave!” 
Nora’s gaze casually swept across a card that Quentin was holding. She asked, “… Where are you going?” 
Quentin replied casually, “To chase after my idol!” 
He turned and left in a hurry. 
After he left, Nora walked downstairs leisurely and went out. 
Tsk. 
Were youngsters nowadays still chasing after idols? They should take a leaf out of her book; she had never chased after idols before. Those young and fresh boys weren’t even as good-looking as Justin… 
Who was this star that someone with delusions of grandeur like Quentin liked, though? 
###Chapter 313: The Big Sister of The Quinn School of Martial Arts?
Chapter 313: The Big Sister of The Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
When Nora reached the garage, it just so happened that Joel was also going out. When the two bumped into each other, Joel suddenly called out, “Ms. Smith.” 
Nora stopped and looked at him. “Is something the matter, Mr. Smith?” 
Both of them were a little taken aback by the conversation. 
Both of them clearly shared the same last name, yet why was there such a strong sense of estrangement? 
Joel suppressed his emotions first. He handed the bank card in his pocket to her and said, “Louis appreciates your kindness, but you should take good care of a valuable card like this.” 
Valuable? 
Nora raised her eyebrows. To be honest, she didn’t think it was that valuable. 
But since Joel was giving it back to her, she reached out unceremoniously and took it from him. Then, she casually asked, “Do you still have work this late?” 
Joel: “…” 
Upon sensing his silence, Nora looked at him. “What?” 
Joel was speechless for a moment. “I’m picking up the kids.”
Nora didn’t feel the slightest bit of guilt about forgetting to pick up her child from school even when she heard Joel’s reply. On the contrary, she said, “Bring Cherry back with you too, thanks.” 
After saying that, she got into the jeep first and drove off. 
Joel, who was still standing where he was and about to get into his car: “?” 
Even the usually amiable man’s lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. 
Just how heartless was she?! 
He held his forehead and went to the kindergarten. 
As soon as he arrived, he saw Tanya holding Pete and asking, “What’s your mom up to lately? Tell her to come over to my place and have some fun. I’m the only one at home and it’s boring me to death.” 
“… Oh, okay,” replied Pete. 
Tanya was about to say something when she spotted Joel in the distance. She got up at once, turned, and left, not giving him a chance to say anything at all. 
Joel: “…” 
— 
Nora followed the map that Quinn had sent and arrived at an office building. 
When she saw the office workers all dressed presentably in suits and leather shoes going in and out, Nora wondered if she had come to the wrong place. 
She dialed Quinn’s number and asked, “Old man, are you joking around with me?”
Quinn let out a ‘hmph’ and replied, “What’s so fun about joking around with you? As if I would do that… Go into the building and head to the basement. You can go in after you let them know your name.” 
“…Oh,” Nora said. 
She was about to hang up when Quinn added, “By the way, remember to disguise yourself so that others won’t recognize you. Didn’t you want to keep a low profile?” 
Nora scoffed, “Since you know that I want to stay low-profile, why did you still ask me to come here?” 
Quinn: “…” 
Nora hung up, rummaged about in the car, and took out a bag of cosmetics. 
It wasn’t very convenient for her to do a lot of things these days, so she had learned some makeup skills. The makeup artists in the States had extensive and profound skills, so putting on makeup was no different from a disguise. 
Nora put on a lot of makeup. She used a blue eyeliner and drew wingtips at the ends of her docile- looking almond-shaped eyes. A coquettish woman appeared in the mirror at once. 
Then, she took out red lipstick and gave herself full red lips. By the time she was done, even she was close to not being able to recognize herself anymore. After that, she took out a dress from the backseat. 
It was a black, tight-fitting dress. 
After changing into the dress, Nora looked incredibly gorgeous, as well as extremely different from her original self. 
She was confident that no one would recognize her. Only then did she walk into the building while chewing gum.
Sure enough, everyone around her looked over curiously. However, perhaps because there were too many strange people going in and out of the building, they didn’t think much about it. 
When Nora entered the office building and walked toward the basement, someone suddenly stopped her. 
Two big and muscular guards said, “Stop right there. Who are you?” 
“Smithra.” 
Nora blew a bubble. 
The ends of her lazy-looking eyes lifted up, making her look coquettish and flirtatious. 
One of the guards looked at her warily while the other keyed her name into the tablet in his hands. A short while later, he handed her a wristband and a number plate and said, “Your contestant number is 028. This is your mask.” 
He handed Nora a mask. 
Nora: “…” 
She stared at the mask blankly. “What is this supposed to be?” 
The guard replied solemnly, “Everyone who enters the basement has to hide their identity, so masks are given to all participants. The criterion for determining victory in the tournament is taking off the opponent’s mask.” 
…
While going down the stairs, Nora called Quinn. She asked, “Why do we have to wear a mask for the tournament? Isn’t a rule like that really strange?” 
“Ever since the country started to crack down on the underworld many years ago, they’ve become stricter on martial arts practitioners. A lot of them don’t want to be recognized, so they wear masks. It’s much more convenient than putting on makeup. Putting on a disguise wastes too much time!” 
“…” 
Nora felt a headache coming on. She said, “Why didn’t you make that clear from the start, old man?” 
She had spent so much time doing her makeup in the car! Had she known, she would have just entered with a face mask and sunglasses! 
She looked down at the mask in her hand. It was a half-mask made of silver that covered only the upper half of the face. The lower half of her face all the way to her lips was left exposed. 
The mask clung to the skin, so it wouldn’t fall off if one didn’t pull hard at it. 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. 
She hung up and tossed her phone into her pocket. As she followed the staff member leading her downstairs, the staff member asked, “Which sect are you from, young missy?” 
“The Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Nora answered casually. 
“The Quinn School of Martial Arts?” The staff member was a very enthusiastic forty-year-old man. He said, “They are really amazing! It’s been so many years, yet they are still staying so strong! You have a promising future there!”
Then, he started to enthusiastically explain the things happening around them to her. He said, “The number of people participating in the martial arts tournament this year is less than half of what it was before. Most of them have changed jobs to make more money after they got married. Martial arts development is getting weaker and weaker these days. Sigh!” 
Nora: “…” 
Although she didn’t speak, the man went on by himself. He asked, “By the way, do you know who the champion was ten years ago?” 
Without waiting for Nora’s answer, he answered his own question, “The Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts!” 
“He was just a teenager at that time and was even a thin and slender boy. Even now, I still remember how he looked when he stood on the platform, coldly overlooked the bottom, and asked if the rest conceded defeat. That was a really exciting sight.” 
Nora cast her eyes down and said frigidly, “That’s because the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts hadn’t participated in the tournament.” 
The man chuckled and said, “Yes, the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister is the most mysterious person ever. I’ve heard that even in the sect, there are very few disciples who have ever seen her. Have you ever seen her before?” 
“…No,” replied Nora. 
Apart from looking at herself in the mirror, it was true that she couldn’t ‘see’ herself after all.
The man shook his head and said, “How pitiful. I heard that all the Quinn School of Martial Arts disciples see Big Sister as their idol.” 
He suddenly leaned toward Nora, lowered his voice, and said, “If you give me 1,500 dollars, I’ll take you to the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister. What say you?” 
Nora: “?”
###Chapter 315: Meeting Big Brother?
Chapter 315: Meeting Big Brother? 
Nora: “?” 
She paused and looked at Justin in disbelief. 
Justin, who seemed to sense something, glanced out of the corner of his eye. When he saw the graceful woman nearby, he straightened his back and said amicably, “You’re mistaken.” 
The staff member: “” 
After saying that, without even looking behind him, Justin turned around with Cherry in his arms. When he saw Nora, he frowned and said, “Cherry, look at that person. Why does she look so much like your Mommy?” 
Cherry’s big round eyes blinked. She replied, “She doesn’t ‘look like’ my Mommy. She is Mommy!” 
“Is your Mommy’s waist that slender?” asked Justin. 
Cherry tilted her head and replied, “Yeah! I hug her around the waist every day, so I know that very well, yeah!” 
Justin said, “Sigh, no wonder you could recognize her but I can’t. I’ve never touched your Mommy’s waist before.” 
“…” 
Cherry stared at Justin for a while. At last, she sighed and remarked, “Daddy, you are so pitiful~”
Nora: “…” 
Justin wore a black casual outfit today, and the mask he was wearing was also black. Cherry was wearing a silver winged half-mask. 
They were family, so there was no way they wouldn’t be able to recognize each other just because they were wearing masks. 
The three of them quickly came together. 
Nora asked, “Why did you bring Cherry here?” 
When they were abroad in the past, she would always make Cherry close her eyes every time she fought, lest it influenced the child negatively. 
Everyone fought fiercely in the rings at the tournament. Was it really appropriate to let Cherry watch something like that? 
As soon as she said that, Cherry said, “Mommy, I was the one who begged Daddy to bring me here! I heard Daddy on the phone. They said that there was a martial arts tournament, so I wanted to come and watch! Don’t worry, I know gory scenes are not suitable for children, so I won’t look!” 
Nora: “…” 
She looked at Justin. “Why are you here?” 
Justin kept quiet for a moment before he replied, “I’m here to watch the matches. Men have a natural passion for martial arts.” 
Nora: “” 
Would the busy Mr. Hunt bring his daughter here to watch such boring Class A matches?
Why did she find it kinda dubious? 
She narrowed her eyes and asked, “Why did that guy call you Big Brother just now?” 
Justin was very open and honest this time. He replied, “Maybe the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother looks as tall and mighty as me? That’s why they mistook me for him.” 
“…” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed a little. Would the man die if he stopped being narcissistic for even a moment? 
She rolled her eyes and walked to the side. She picked up a piece of cake, put it in her mouth, and then asked, “Say, do you think the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother will come today?” 
The Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother, Justin Hunt, who was standing right there in the arena, kept quiet for a moment before he replied, “Maybe.” 
Nora raised her brows. “Does he have a match today? Which match is it? And what time?” 
Justin coughed. “He’s the only one in Class F at present, so he won’t be having any matches in the near future. He will only be competing after the people in Class E win ten matches and progress to Class F.” 
Nora did some mental calculations. 
If the people who took second to tenth place in the last tournament were more or less equally matched, then everyone would have an equal chance of victory. To win ten matches, one would have to participate in twenty matches… 
There were a lot of people in Class A, so everyone participated in two matches a day. 
However, there were few people in Class E, so there was only one match per day.
Therefore, she would have to wait twenty days before she could see Big Brother in a match? 
That was tooooo slow! 
For Nora, there was nothing more precious than time! 
She frowned. “How can I meet the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother?” 
Justin coughed. He was about to speak when a voice came from the side. “Why didn’t you go when the guy asked you to just now?” 
Nora and Justin looked over in unison to see the skinny man, wearing black tight-fitting clothes and a black mask, whom she had met when she first entered. 
Nora couldn’t help but feel that the guy looked a little familiar to her, but she couldn’t pinpoint who he was right away. 
The young man had already stretched out his hand toward her. He said, “I am Smithin.” 
Nora: “…” 
Based on her own alias Smithra, she finally knew who the young man was. Wasn’t he Quentin, the young man with delusions of grandeur?! 
Seeing his outstretched hand, Nora coughed and stretched out her own hand. “Hello, I’m 028.” 
Quentin immediately let go after a light squeeze of the hand. Then, he said arrogantly, “I met the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister just now, and even took a photo with her. I even asked her for an autograph. Since you’re also a fan of Big Brother, why didn’t you take up the staff member’s offer just now?”
Nora: “” 
She was shocked. “You met Big Sister? The real deal?” 
Quentin sneered, “Of course, she’s the real deal.” 
He took out his cell phone and showed it to Nora. “See, this is Big Sister.” 
In the photo was a big and thick woman. Her face was fleshy and the muscles on her arms were bulging. It was obvious at first glance that her physique was achievable only through regular bodybuilding. 
Quentin was very moved. He said, “Do you know? I’ve always thought of myself as a very diligent person. But it was only when I met Big Sister that I realized why she is Big Sister. It has always been very difficult for women to build muscles, in fact, it’s much harder for women to do that than men. But take a look at Big Sister’s muscles! It’s impossible to achieve that without a few years of bodybuilding! So Big Sister is really just like what Mr. Quinn claimed. She is obsessed with martial arts, and has been practicing martial arts since she was still in the womb!” 
Nora the lazy bum: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. She wanted to say something, but Quentin had already continued. He said, “I mustn’t slack anymore from today onward! I must be the third strongest in New York!” 
Nora: “…” 
Wow, what an impressive goal! 
Quentin went on. “A lot of people call her Big Sister. A few people from the Quinn School of Martial Arts also say that they know her. Oh, by the way, I also met Big Brother.” 
Big Brother…
Nora immediately asked, “Where is he? Is he the real deal?” 
Quentin nodded. “I’d never seen Big Sister before, but I saw Big Brother ten years ago! How would I possibly not know him? He’s sitting right there in the room next door! He’s wearing the same clothes and the same mask he wore ten years ago. His physique also looks very similar!” 
After he spoke, he suddenly pointed at Justin and said, “Hmm… Big Brother’s physique is also very similar to his!” 
Justin: “…” 
Nora: “…” 
Nora suddenly turned and started to walk out. 
Justin followed behind her closely. “Where are you going?” 
Nora flexed her wrists and sneered, “I’m going to look for Big Brother for a sparring session.” 
Although Big Sister was fake, Big Brother might not necessarily be. 
After all, didn’t he like showing off very much? 
Justin instantly felt his back muscles tighten. 
As soon as the two of them walked out of the tournament venue, they saw a few people escorting a strong and muscular fat woman over. At the sight of the pair, they waved impatiently and said, “Step aside! Step aside! The Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts is here!!” 
Nora: “”
###Chapter 316: Give Up!
Chapter 316: Give Up! 
Nora stood still. Before she could move, the group had already come up to Cherry, Justin, and her. 
After the group walked past them with great momentum, an astonished Cherry asked, “Mommy, did Grandpa Quinn take another disciple behind your back?” 
Nora: “…” 
Justin: “…” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment before she said unhurriedly, “She’s a fake.” 
“That scared me to death.” Cherry patted her chest and said, “I thought Grandpa Quinn had finally come around to it and accepted that you’re not suited for martial arts, so he didn’t want you anymore!” 
“…” 
Nora glanced at Cherry with a chilly look in her eyes. “What did you say?” 
Cherry immediately smiled and said, “I was complimenting you, Mommy! You’re not suited to be a martial artist because you’re the queen of martial arts herself! You’re amazing even if you don’t practice at all! You don’t need to work hard at all!” 
“…” 
Her flattery skills simply left one speechless.
While they were talking, they had already gone out. The staff member who had led Nora inside just now was standing at the front and trying to convince his next target. He said, “Do you want to take a photo with the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister? It costs 3,000 per picture!” 
Nora walked over and said, “Take me to the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother.” 
The staff member was about to nod when he turned around and spotted Justin, which gave him a huge shock. 
To be honest, the martial arts tournament had become less and less profitable in recent years. Therefore, the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister and the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother, who were admired by all, had become their new way of making money. 
That particular staff member was one of the rare few old-timers who had stayed around, so he naturally knew who Justin was. 
Although he hadn’t seen what the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother really looked like ten years ago, he remembered his contestant number very well— 
057. 
He couldn’t help but rub his eyes and look at the contestant number on Justin’s wristband again—it was indeed 057! 
He swallowed and coughed. “B-Big Brother?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes behind the mask. His voice was low but cold and sounded vaguely threatening. He said, “Yes. Didn’t you say he’s in the office and that we can take a photo with him? We would like to meet him.” 
The staff member: “…”
The one in there was a fake! What was the real deal making a scene here for?! 
Besides, Justin had actually always known that someone was impersonating him. They had informed Big Brother about it before. 
However, since Big Brother had said that, then he had to let him take a look. 
Therefore, the staff member coughed and led the way. “This way, please,” he said. 
He led the way earnestly for the few of them, which instead made Nora rather hesitant. 
He had looked like he wouldn’t give in unless they gave him money just now. Why had he suddenly stopped discussing prices with them? Was he planning to rip them off after letting them meet Big Brother? 
In the midst of her thoughts, the staff member arrived at a room and knocked on the door. 
The door opened. 
Nora looked at the person in the room. 
A man with a mask on was sitting calmly and steadily on the sofa. One couldn’t see what he looked like, but they could feel that the man was very arrogant. He frowned and said to the staff member, “Why are you bothering me again?” 
The staff member coughed and replied, “These two people would like to meet you.” 
“I’m very busy.” 
‘Big Brother’, who was seated on the sofa, said sullenly, “If there’s nothing you need, then leave!”
“I have something I need.” 
Nora suddenly spoke. 
‘Big Brother’ looked at her at once. “What is it?” 
The staff member also turned to look at Nora. He wanted to ask what she wanted, but before he could say anything, a shadow flashed past him. Nora rushed into the room and slammed her fist straight at Big Brother’s face! 
Bam! 
Her punch was quick and powerful, which stunned ‘Big Brother’. The next moment, his eyes closed and he passed out. 
The staff member: “?” 
He was furious. “What are you doing? How dare you attack Big Brother!” 
Nora, who had knocked the man out with a single punch: “?” 
She looked at her fist in surprise, and then at the man in front of her—blood was already trickling out of his mask. 
“…” 
A strange silence filled the place. 
Just as Nora was about to apologize, Justin’s low and deep voice rang out. “He has fainted. Take him to the hospital.”
Seeing that he had spoken, the staff member didn’t dare to say any more. He gave the doctors a call at once. 
There were specially hired doctors in the arena, in case people became seriously injured in the tournament. They quickly hurried over. 
The group of people quickly carried the injured man away. Even the staff member who had brought them there didn’t pursue the matter. In fact, he didn’t even dare to cast even a glance at them but quickly slipped away with the crowd. 
Nora: “…” 
Taken aback, she asked, “He’s going to me go just like that?” 
However, she paused when she looked at Justin. 
For some reason, Justin had a rather odd look in his eyes as he looked at her, as though he was the one who had been punched just now. 
While thinking about it, Justin coughed and asked, “Do you want to beat Big Brother up that much?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora looked down at her fist and heaved a sigh. “Unfortunately, that guy just now was a fake.” 
Justin: “?” 
Nora told him her analysis. “I already threw the punch very slowly just now, but he still didn’t manage to react in time. In addition, the staff didn’t dare to hold me accountable at all. Based on all that, that ‘Big Brother’ was a fake.”
She waved her fist in the air and said, “I wonder when I can really slam this fist into his face.” 
Justin: “…” 
He suddenly felt like his cheek really hurt. 
The staff didn’t pursue the matter even after she hit the fake Big Brother, so Nora could only follow Justin back into the arena again. 
Soon, it was Nora’s match. 
She was in Ring 6. 
When the host called out her contestant number 028, she took a step forward and got ready to enter the ring. It was at this moment that Smithin jumped out from nowhere and grabbed her. He asked, “Hey, are you actually going into the ring to compete?” 
Nora: “?” 
She looked at the black-clad teenager with the mask and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“You sure are unlucky. To think you have been assigned Tired Reno for your first match. Do you know? Even though he’s a rookie, he has already won nine consecutive matches. Once he wins the match with you, he’ll advance to Class B.” 
Nora frowned. “And then?” 
Smithin thought for a moment. Then, he tried to persuade her and said, “You’ve seen him, right? Tired Reno is a big guy. He can send you sprawling with just a punch. I’d advise you to give up. A delicate
young missy like you shouldn’t go into the ring. It would look really bad if you have to beg for mercy on your knees later.” 
Nora: “?” 
Smithin lifted his chin and said, “What are you looking at me for? He’s also my opponent in my next match.. Just give up, I’ll beat him up for you in the next match! You can think of it as revenge!”
###Chapter 317: I Won’t Use My Legs
Chapter 317: I Won’t Use My Legs 
Quentin sounded as full of delusions of grandeur as ever. 
Nora couldn’t help but hold her forehead. She asked, “Are you this helpful and enthusiastic to everyone?” 
Quentin: “” 
Her question stunned Quentin. 
He stared at Nora blankly. For a moment, he also felt like he was behaving a little strangely. 
When had he become such a busybody? What was he showing a stranger so much concern for? 
To be honest, he couldn’t quite describe what he was feeling, either. It was just that the woman’s calm and collected attitude kept making him feel as if she was Nora. 
After all, he had been tailing and protecting Nora for very long. 
He snorted and said, “I guess I was being unnecessarily nosy.” 
He walked off after saying that. 
Nora: “…” 
Had her words offended Quentin just now? Otherwise, why would that guy with delusions of grandeur suddenly become so distant? 
She didn’t think too deeply into it, though, because she was about to go into the ring.
Before she did, she looked back and glanced at Cherry. 
Cherry immediately took the hint and stretched out her hands and covered her eyes. She said, “Don’t worry, Mommy, I’m all ready. I will sing rhymes for Daddy later!” 
Nora then looked at Justin. She was about to speak when Justin nodded and said, “I will report the rhymes she sang to you later.” 
Nora nodded. While walking to the ring, she couldn’t help but feel that something was amiss. It was not until she got into the ring that she suddenly realized something—was their rapport a little too good just now? 
It was as if they were a family of three. 
She coughed. 
When her imagination was running wild, Tired Reno opposite her said, “Not only are you a woman, but you’re even coming into the ring dressed like that? Are you here to fight, or are you here to look for a boyfriend?” 
Nora, who was a little taken aback, lowered her head and looked at what she was wearing. 
All the places that should be covered, were. There shouldn’t be any problem, right? 
She broke into a frown. 
The audience, however, burst into loud laughter. “Yeah, it’s actually a woman! What’s a woman here to join in the fun for!” 
Although there were a lot of girls learning martial arts nowadays, they were naturally weaker than men in physical strength. While women had managed to occupy a certain position in other respects, truly powerful women were still a minority in the world of martial arts.
There were also women among the spectators, and their words filled them with indignation. They said, “What’s wrong with women? Have you forgotten the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister?” 
“Exactly! Are women incapable of fighting just because they are women? If you’re that great, why don’t you challenge the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister to a one-on-one duel?!” 
“Hmph!” 
The women spoke up. They were all either someone’s wives or sisters, or one of the few outstanding people in the martial arts circle. The men around them didn’t dare to antagonize them anymore. 
All of them changed the subject with a smile and said, “No, that’s not what we meant. We’re just talking about the fact that she’s wearing a dress.” 
“Yeah, isn’t it inconvenient for her to move her legs if she’s wearing a dress? She’s going to have wardrobe malfunctions later when she lifts her legs into the air! I’m saying it for her sake.” 
“Tsk, it’s rare to see a woman in one-on-one duels. Of course, we would love to watch! It won’t be interesting anymore if it’s all men! I just think that she shouldn’t have worn a dress!” 
In the ring. 
Tired Reno also frowned as he looked at Nora. He said, “Let’s start?” 
Nora stood where she was leisurely. “Yeah, let’s start!” 
Tired Reno frowned and said, “Do you want to go and change? I can wait for you.” 
Nora was a little taken aback. “Why?”
Tired Reno felt a headache coming on. “Didn’t you hear what the audience said? If you continue to wear that, you… won’t be able to move your legs freely.” 
Nora lowered her head again and looked at her dress. Only then did she realize what they were talking about. “Oh, that’s what you meant,” she said. 
Tired Reno nodded. 
Everyone else also breathed sighs of relief. Even Quentin, who was among the audience, curled his lips disdainfully. 
What a stupid woman. There were so many wretched men down here, yet she had worn a dress to fight. Let’s see what she was gonna do! 
While he was thinking about it, he heard Nora say, “Oh, it’s okay even if I don’t use my legs.” 
Everyone: “” 
Everyone was stunned. They stared at her incredulously, wondering if the woman was out of her mind. She wasn’t going to use her legs? Did that mean she was only going to use her fists? But how powerful could a woman’s fists be? 
Moreover, without using the legs, she wouldn’t be able to do movements such as swooping toward the opponent and so on. 
Quentin scoffed. 
She wasn’t going to use her legs? Was it because she thought flapping her lips would be enough? 
Well, if she were to admit defeat before Tired Reno rushed over, she indeed wouldn’t have to use her legs. In fact, she wouldn’t even need her hands!
While he was thinking about it, Tired Reno frowned. “You—” 
“Let’s cut the crap and start.” 
Nora had become annoyed. She could have already ended the match while they were talking. What a huge waste of her energy. 
She stretched out a finger and made a hooking gesture at Tired Reno. “Let’s start.” 
Tired Reno: “!” 
Although he was a man, the woman’s provocation nevertheless angered him. He snorted and said, “You asked for it!” 
He balled up his hands and swung his fist straight at Nora! 
His punch was quick and powerful. Tired Reno, who also didn’t want to waste any time, wanted to end the match quickly, so he didn’t show any mercy despite his opponent being a woman. 
The audience closed their eyes. 
One must know that Tired Reno’s punch had knocked all his previous nine opponents onto the ground! 
Wasn’t he a little too insensible? He was actually using his sure-kill move against a young missy right from the start? 
Quentin held his forehead. Tired Reno moved so quickly that 028 probably couldn’t even react in time to admit defeat.
He was still thinking about it when he heard the loud thwack of a fist making contact with flesh. Then, with a boom, someone landed fiercely on the ground. 
A sympathetic Quentin looked at the ring to see how miserable the woman looked…
###Chapter 318: Ryan’s Whereabouts
Chapter 318: Ryan’s Whereabouts 
However, the moment she looked up, she was stunned. 
There were no obstructions around the ring. It could be considered a loss if she fell off the ring. At this moment, the woman in the black dress was standing there. The air in the basement was ventilated, and her black dress fluttered arrogantly with the wind. 
In front of her, Tired Reno had collapsed to the ground, exhausted. He had already fainted. 
Everyone: “!!!” 
Quentin narrowed his eyes as well. 
“Omg!” 
The entire audience erupted. Everyone was asking, “Did you see what just happened?” 
“Wait, Tired Reno went to hit someone, but why he did faint instead?” 
Someone said weakly, “I… I think I saw 028 reach out her hand and gently hit Tired Reno.” 
“…” 
The crowd fell silent again. 
Then, they saw 028 rubbing her wrist and looking around hesitantly. “Is it over?” 
Only then did the referee react and announce, “028 wins!”
Nora walked to the side and jumped down from the ring. 
The audience immediately gave way in fear. 
They saw her walking along the crowd to the food section. There was a sofa over there. A man was sitting there hugging a girl. 
After everyone simmered down, they could hear the little girl reciting a poem in her childish voice. 
“…The stone path to the mountain is slanted. 
He and she were deep in the clouds. 
Dreaming of a princess meeting a prince. 
But in reality, a dinosaur meets a frog…” 
Nora stopped in her tracks. Veins popped out on her forehead. 
When Cherry saw her walking over, she said excitedly, “Mommy, I’ve already memorized 300 poems! I didn’t peek at your competition earlier!” 
Everyone was speechless. 
What a strange family of three!!! 
Initially, they thought that the woman was hungry when she went to the food section. However, after Nora walked over, she sat on the sofa beside the girl and told the man and the girl, “Wake me up at 8 o’clock.” 
Then, she tilted her head slightly and fell asleep on the sofa. 
Everyone was speechless.
Quentin: !!! 
His lips twitched. He felt that this woman was simply unreasonable. She had just defeated Tired Reno. Who was she? 
Under everyone’s guesses, Nora really fell asleep. 
Her dreams were strange and chaotic. In the end, she was not woken up by Justin, but by her own phone call. 
She yawned and answered the call in a daze. She said angrily, “You better have something important to say.” 
With that, she opened her eyes lazily and saw Justin and Cherry opposite her. Behind their masks, the two pairs of eyes were staring at her. 
Cherry said softly, “Mommy has a very bad morning temper. It’s especially scary.” 
Justin had a regretful look on his face. “It’s a pity I didn’t get the chance to see it.” 
Cherry said, “Next time when we sleep together, I’ll let you take a look in the morning. We’re outside right now, so she’s a little restrained!” 
Justin smiled. “Yes, I look forward to that day.” 
Nora: “…” 
Only then did she realize that she was in the sparring arena. The noisy crowd around her had prevented her from taking a good nap. 
She subconsciously sat up straight and wiped the non-existent saliva from the corner of her mouth.
The two people opposite her were speechless. 
Solo’s voice came from the other end of the line. “Sigh, stop scaring me. I found some information about Ryan. Didn’t you ask me to help you investigate?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What?” 
“Ryan was the second son of the Smiths back then. Ian is the third son of the Smiths. You know that, right? Back then, the eldest son of the Smiths was useless. As he liked to mess around outside, the previous head of the Smiths decided to look for the next patriarch between Ryan and Ian. Unfortunately, Ryan’s private life was chaotic and he was with many women. It was said that he even got a small celebrity pregnant. In addition, although Ian was three years younger than Ryan, he had already displayed outstanding aptitude. Therefore, Ian was made the person in charge at that time. Ryan became more carefree from then on, but he was actually not as useless as he looked.” 
All the news Nora heard about Ryan from the Smiths was about his bad aspects. 
For example, he was slippery and unreliable. 
She narrowed her eyes. Just as she was thinking about what Ryan was doing, Solo said, “You know Quentin, right? It wouldn’t be surprising even if you don’t know. From Quentin’s generation, the Smiths have hidden his existence. Outsiders won’t know about him. They let Quentin handle things that aren’t suitable to be seen by the public. The Smiths’ hidden forces are all in Quentin’s hands. You’ve just reunited with the Smiths, so it’s normal that you don’t know about him.” 
Nora: “…” 
The second Smiths member she met was Quentin.
However, she did not interrupt Solo. She knew that this person liked to keep people in suspense when he sent messages, so she decided not to say anything. As expected, Solo felt that it was meaningless to wait for a reply from her. He pursed his lips and said, “But do you know who founded this dark force?” 
Nora frowned. “Ryan?” 
Solo: “No.” 
Nora: “!!” 
If that wasn’t the case, why did he say so much nonsense? 
Just as she was about to lose her temper, Solo accurately grasped her temper and hurriedly explained, “It was Ian. However, Ian inherited the Smiths and became the patriarch on the surface, so he handed that force to Ryan.” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
“Also, Ryan is from Irvin School of Martial Arts. He can be considered a member of the pugilistic world. He has a certain status in New York’s pugilistic world. I heard that he hosted two tournaments back then. Up until now, most of the ways to earn money in the tournaments were thought of by Ian and him.” 
Nora: “…” 
She was stunned. “The Smiths own shares in the martial arts tournament?” 
“It’s not shares. Ryan used to be the president of the pugilistic world. Even now, his name is still on the title.” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Solo said, “I asked around again and realized that although the president of the pugilistic world had disappeared, the association would often receive some orders from him to prevent the pugilistic world from becoming a mess over the years.” 
“Got it.” 
Nora hung up. 
She held her chin and began to think. She did not expect to hear news about Ryan when she was only participating in a martial arts tournament. 
She wanted to look for Ryan only to get his DNA sample. She would compare the two DNA match results to determine whose daughter she was. 
After all, Lily had said that her genes had mutated. The comparison between her and Ian’s DNA samples was actually not accurate. 
As she was thinking about this, she suddenly saw a person in ragged clothes flash past not far away, making her frown. 
Wasn’t this Old Maddy? 
Why was he here?!
###Chapter 319: A Man Can’t Say No
Chapter 319: A Man Can’t Say No 
Nora thought about this and hurriedly stood up to follow. 
But before she could take two steps, Justin followed her. “What’s wrong?” 
“I saw an acquaintance,” Nora replied simply and continued walking forward. However, she realized that Old Maddy had already disappeared. 
She was very confident that she had not mistaken him. 
After all, she did not like to fantasize. 
But why was Old Maddy here? The Smith villa was an hour away from here. 
As she frowned in thought, it was her turn to go on stage. “This competition is between 028 and Milk Lover. Please come on stage.” 
Nora could only give up on looking for Old Maddy and went on stage. 
A woman had subdued “Tired Reno” the moment she made a move. This had attracted everyone’s attention. Everyone wanted to know what had just happened. 
Some people even felt that Nora might have been lucky just now. Tired Reno must have made a mistake to be hit by her. 
Furthermore, it was her first time on stage. Perhaps Tired Reno had underestimated her.
Just like Tired Reno, Milk Lover had already won eight or nine rounds and was not bad. At least he was not a simple Class A. 
Before Milk Lover went on stage, he was warned by a kind person to be wary of 028. 
However, after he went on stage, he saw that Nora was still wearing that dress. She did not change her clothes at all. 
With her eye-catchingly beautiful figure and slender waist, she did not look like a trained person. 
Milk Lover raised his guard. 
He said, “028, what’s your name?” 
Everyone would give themselves a name. For example, Tired Reno and Milk Lover were Internet aliases. Of course, if someone wanted to use their real name, it was not a problem. 
Nora: “028.” 
Milk Lover: “I’m asking for your real name. I want to know which sect you’re from.” 
Nora was silent for a moment. “You don’t need to know.” 
On such an occasion, she would be in the limelight sooner or later. She must not leave her name. 
When Milk Lover saw her distant look, he frowned. “Alright, since you don’t want to say anything, don’t blame me for being rude! You don’t use your legs, right? Heh!” 
With that, he leaped and kicked. 
This kick was very strong. In addition, he ran a short distance to gain more strength in his kick. If Nora was kicked, she would definitely be injured. Everyone thought that Nora would dodge easily and find
another opportunity to counterattack. 
However, they did not expect Nora to suddenly take a small step back and stretch out her fist. 
Bam! 
Nora’s fist landed on the soles of Milk Lover’s feet. She directly sent him flying out of the ring. 
Bam! 
Milk Lover prostrated on the ground below the ring. 
“Omg!” 
The entire venue was in an uproar. 
This time, everyone was certain that 028 was not just lucky. She was really a martial arts expert! 
“028 wins this competition!” 
With his previous experience, the referee did not stutter this time. 
Nora walked down from the stage. 
She ignored the surrounding voices trying to curry favor with her and walked toward Justin again. 
Quentin, who was hiding in the crowd and watching her compete, narrowed his eyes. This woman was not bad. 
He walked towards her. 
Nora had completed her mission today and was prepared to go home.
After all, she had to fight two matches a day. She needed to fight 60 times and 30 days to reach Class F and fight against Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother. 
She sighed silently. 
It was a waste of time. 
How good would it be if she could finish all the competitions in one day? 
As she was thinking about this, she suddenly heard praise from behind her. “Your performance just now was not bad. You impressed me.” 
Nora,:”” 
She pursed her lips and turned around. Sure enough, Quentin was standing behind her, staring at her seriously. “I now announce that I was wrong. You can be my opponent.” 
“…” 
Why did this stupid vibe make her want to attack? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
She was about to say something when Quentin suddenly said, “I seriously considered it. I think you can become my teammate. We can team up and level up together.” 
Nora: “?” 
Team up to level up? 
She frowned. “I’m not interested in all that.”
She did not have time to team up with him! 
As she thought about this, Quentin’s calm voice sounded. “Is that so? Forget it then. I originally didn’t think we should team up. After all, I’m so powerful. I can definitely advance all the way. If not for saving time, I wouldn’t have considered this. Sorry to disturb you.” 
With that, he turned to leave, but his arm was suddenly grabbed. He turned back hesitantly and saw the woman in the silver mask staring at him. “Save time? What do you mean? Explain clearly before you leave.” 
Quentin: “” 
He was surprised. “Didn’t you see the competition rules?” 
Nora blinked and answered confidently, “No.” 
Why would she bother seeing the rules? Wasn’t it just fighting! 
Quentin: “…” 
The corners of his lips twitched. “In a one-on-one competition, you have to win ten rounds before you can advance. But in a team competition, you can advance collectively after winning five rounds. I came to register for the competition today. It will take a month to enter Class F, but if we team up, it will take half a month. Of course, after entering Class F, the team will automatically disband, and we will still be opponents.” 
Nora: “!!” 
Why didn’t she know there was such a system! 
“Let’s team up,” she agreed happily.
Quentin frowned. “Team up? You really want to enter Class F? Why do you want to enter Class F?” 
Nora replied, “To fight with Irvin School of Martial Arts’s Big Brother.” 
“Impressive.” Quentin gave her a thumbs up. “Just now, I thought that your IQ was a little low and that you were not worthy of being my match. But your ambition is not small, it has made up for your IQ.” 
Nora, who had outstanding intelligence, was speechless. 
Seeing her staring at him, Quentin raised his chin as well. “I just made an agreement with Big Sister. When I enter Class F, I’ll spar with her. Looks like we have the same goal. That way, we’ll save ourselves a lot of trouble.” 
“Then let’s team up,” Nora replied. 
“Not yet.” Quentin sighed. “There have to be three people in a team. We’re still short of one person.” 
Nora: “” 
She looked around and finally looked at Justin. She grabbed his arm and pushed him forward. “Add him.” 
Justin, the top disciple of Irvin School of Martial Arts, was just standing at the side and listening to them talk. At the moment, he was speechless. 
“Can he do it?” 
Quentin said in disdain. 
When Justin, who had originally planned to reject them, heard this, he immediately sneered. Just as he was about to speak, Nora said, “He definitely can.” 
Men could not say no.
Quentin: “?” 
He hesitated. “Have you tried it before?” 
“Yes.” 
“Alright then, let’s team up.” 
“…” 
Justin, who was standing beside them, seriously suspected that these two people were in cahoots! 
However, the two of them were clearly fine and did not say anything. He could only retract his suspicions. 
Nora leaned in and whispered, “Help me out, I have to meet Big Brother in the tournament as quickly as I can.” 
Justin, who would rather not meet Nora in a match, looked at her almond-shaped eyes. “… Okay.” 
Therefore, the three of them walked to the registration area and prepared to switch to the team competition. 
However, halfway through, Nora suddenly saw Old Maddy again! 
He secretly sneaked into the room beside him, making Nora narrow her eyes. She gave Justin a look and sneaked over. 
She wanted to see what Old Maddy was up to!!
###Chapter 320: Exposed
Chapter 320: Exposed 
Nora glanced at Justin and quickly slipped to the side. 
Quentin was stunned and planned to chase after her. “Hey, where are you going…” 
However, Justin grabbed his arm and the man replied coldly, “She’s going to be busy.” 
“What is she busy with? The registration deadline is coming up soon! Today is the last day!” 
Justin did not let go of his hand at all. “The two of us can just register.” 
Quentin frowned. “How is that possible? There have to be three people in the team competition. You…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Justin pulled him toward the registration counter. 
Quentin: “” 
He wanted to break free, but with his strength, he could not. This reminded him of how Nora had grabbed his arm when he was about to leave and refused to let him go. 
This couple was really strange. They were both extremely strong. 
With this doubt in mind, Quentin and Justin arrived at the registration counter. 
The staff at the registration counter was lazily slouched with his legs crossed. When he saw the two of them enter and noticed Justin, he immediately stood up. “B-Bi-Br…” 
Before he could call out “Big Brother,” Justin interrupted him. “We came to sign up for the team competition. One of us has something on, so can the two of us sign up?”
The staff member: “!!!” 
Register for the team competition? 
Big Brother, what kind of international joke was this?! 
Who could match his speed! 
However, the staff member did not dare to speak much, especially when he saw Justin’s bright eyes. He smiled. “Of course, of course! May I know your names?” 
“Smithin, 028, and me.” Justin paused. “820.” 
820? 
Although there was already someone with this number, if Big Brother said he was 820, then he was 820. The staff member was very tactful and immediately nodded. “Alright, I’ll handle it for you right away!” 
With that, he lowered his head and stamped his seal, settling the team competition registration. He did not even need to ask about ordinary matters. “That’s enough. You guys can participate in the team competition starting tomorrow.” 
“Okay.” 
After receiving the bracelet from the representative team, Justin and Quentin left the registration area. 
As soon as the two of them left, someone secretly went to the registration counter. “Can we sign up for the team competition? The other two didn’t rush over because they had something on. I’ll sign them up for them.”
The staff member said, “No! The three people attending the team competition must be here at the same time. Otherwise, you can’t sign up!” 
“…” 
Quentin looked at this scene and revealed a thoughtful look. 
After leaving the registration area with Justin, he suddenly said reservedly, “I understand.” 
Justin: “?” 
Quentin: “Sigh, I must have been exposed.” 
Justin: “” 
Quentin looked at him. “Do you know why the staff was so respectful to us just now?” 
Justin hesitated for a moment before replying, “Why?” 
“Because I’m still careless enough to expose my identity. That’s right. Smithin is the same as Quentin.” 
Quentin? 
So he was Quentin, the Smiths’ dark power. 
Everyone in New York knew that the current generation of Smiths had six sons. However, they did not know that the Smiths actually had seven sons. 
It was said that Quentin was third.
As Justin thought this, he saw the young man in front of him pat his shoulder. “You definitely know who I am. My second uncle is Ryan Smith, the president of the pugilistic world. That’s why the staff was so respectful to me. However, you don’t have to feel pressured to team up with me. I’m very approachable.” 
Justin: “?” 
“Tell your wife there’s no need to feel any pressure. And once you know my true identity, don’t be arrogant. After all, in the entire New York, after Big Sister and Big Brother, I’m the most powerful.” 
Justin: “…” 
“Speaking of which, I’m a little worried about you.” 
Quentin looked at Justin. This person might have been hiding in the dark all day, so he was very talkative at this moment. “Your wife is so obsessed with Big Brother. I keep feeling that it’s not simple. You must be jealous, right?” 
Justin: “” 
“It’s just like how I admire Quinn School of Martial Arts’s Big Sister. When I admire her, unknowingly, that kind of relationship has already changed. If Big Sister does not dislike me, I’m willing to be with her, even if she’s…” 
Before Quentin met Big Sister, he did not expect her to be such a muscular woman. 
However, the admiration he felt for her was too strong. After the initial shock, he had already gotten used to her figure and even ignored it. 
Yes, even if she was a fatty, he could do it!
Justin: “!!!” 
The corners of his mouth twitched. “Quinn School of Martial Arts’s Big Sister is already married.” 
“What?” Quentin was stunned. “Why haven’t I heard of it before?” 
“Do you know who I am?” 
Justin looked at him. 
Quentin shook his head. 
Justin smiled. “Yes, it’s good that you don’t know.” 
Previously, he had been worried that this fool would recognize him. Now, it seemed like this worry was completely unnecessary. He did not even know the most basic scam at the martial arts seminar! This person had really wasted his years! 
Quentin: “…” 
On the other side, Nora did not lose track of Old Maddy. 
Old Maddy had been acting suspiciously. He looked around and saw that no one was paying attention to him, so he entered a room. 
Nora slowed down and came to the door. She gently pushed the door open and looked over.. She saw Old Maddy sitting there… 
###Chapter 321: Yvette?
Chapter 321: Yvette? 
Old Maddy sat there. No, to be more specific, he was squatting there and eating the food beside him. He ate the cake until his face was full, and he stuffed juice and meat into his mouth. He looked like he had not eaten anything good for a long time. 
Nora: “!!” 
So he had sneaked here to steal food? 
While she was in a daze, a worker saw her and walked over with a frown. “What are you doing? This is Big Sister’s resting place. You…” 
Before he could finish speaking, he saw Old Maddy in the room. He immediately rushed in anxiously. “Beggar? Why are you here? Get lost! This is not a place for you to stay. This is the place for Quinn School of Martial Arts’s Big Sister!” 
He grabbed Old Maddy’s arm in disdain. 
Old Maddy’s clothes were rolled up, and his arm was covered in scars, as if they had been burned. He smiled at the staff and stuffed food into his mouth crazily. 
Nora: “!” 
The staff member was anxious. “Quickly call security. How can we let the beggar in? This is not a place he can come as he pleases!” 
When he was about to leave, Nora stopped him. “Wait a minute. I know this person. I’ll take him away.”
The staff frowned and reprimanded, “You brought him in? Watch the person you brought in. Take him away quickly. This is Big Sister’s waiting room! This is Big Sister’s first time on stage this year. Her status is very noble! These desserts were all prepared for her, how dare he eat them! He’s going overboard!” 
When Old Maddy heard this, he looked at her and grinned. “Delicious.” 
One could not tell his looks from his face, but he looked really ugly when he was eating. 
Nora took a deep breath. “Follow me.” 
Old Maddy still seemed to remember her. Perhaps it was because, even if he was crazy, he knew that he had made a mistake and followed Nora obediently. 
The two of them walked through the crowd and out of the basement, then went to the parking lot. 
Old Maddy had been eating all along the way. It was hard to tell if he was doing it on purpose. 
When they arrived at the car park, there was no one around. Nora suddenly reached out and grabbed Old Maddy’s arm, pressing against his pulse. 
His pulse was strong but chaotic. 
He was indeed crazy. 
Was Old Maddy really a lunatic? 
But the Smith villa was so far away. How did he get here? 
Nora simply asked, “Old Maddy, why are you here?” 
Old Maddy raised his hand and ate half of the cake. He held it tightly in his hand and handed it to Nora. “It’s delicious. Eat…”
The cake was rotten from his grip. It was disgusting. 
Nora stared at it for a while. “You came here for food?” 
Old Maddy nodded. Seeing that she was not eating, he stuffed the cake in his hand into his mouth. 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
She stared at him for a long time before sighing deeply. “I’ll take you back.” 
It was unknown if Old Maddy understood what she meant. He followed behind Nora and the two of them got into the car. Nora drove him back to the Smiths villa. 
On the way, she sent Justin a message and told him that she had left. 
Justin replied, reminding her to participate in the competition tomorrow. Moreover, the person who was teaming up with them was called Smithin. 
Nora expressed that she understood. 
On the way, she observed Old Maddy through the rearview mirror. 
He sat in the backseat obediently and quietly. His legs were relaxed and he subconsciously revealed the posture of a big boss. However, when she looked at his face, he was reserved and curiously touching everything. 
When he met Nora’s gaze, he jumped in shock and curled up obediently. 
This person gave off a very contradictory feeling.
Nora thought of what Old Maddy had said when he found her last time. She asked tentatively, “Old Maddy, do you know Ryan?” 
“Ryan…” Old Maddy muttered the name silently before shaking his head in confusion.” I don’t know him…” 
He had clearly mentioned Ryan previously. 
Nora frowned and said, “Then do you know Ian?” 
Old Maddy nodded immediately. “Ian is a good person!” 
With that, he seemed excited. “He has a daughter! He has a daughter!” 
Nora: “…” 
She suddenly asked, “Who’s his daughter?” 
Old Maddy pointed at her. “It’s you, it’s you, it’s you!” 
Nora followed his lead. “But everyone says I’m Ryan’s daughter.” 
“You’re not like him.” 
Old Maddy grinned. “You look like Ian. You’re Ian’s daughter! Ian has a daughter! Ian’s daughter has returned home!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes.
These words made her feel that Old Maddy knew something. This person’s identity was definitely not simple. 
Furthermore… could he be Ryan? 
Ryan… 
Nora seemed to have suddenly thought of something. She sped up and the car dashed directly into the Smiths’ residence. When they reached home, she grabbed Old Maddy. 
Then, she took a few strands of his hair and rushed into the room, heading upstairs. 
After entering her bedroom, she put the hair in a special bag and called Lily. She sent Lily the samples overnight for her to test Old Maddy’s DNA. 
Although the possibility of Old Maddy being Ryan was not high, she still had to confirm it. 
She did not notice that after she left, Old Maddy was still standing at the same spot. After staring at Nora’s back for a long time, his eyes suddenly became clear. 
He seemed to not understand what was going on as he muttered, “Yvette…”
###Chapter 322: I’ll Bring You To Win~
Chapter 322: I’ll Bring You To Win~ 
After shouting this name, Old Maddy’s eyes gradually became confused. 
He seemed to have forgotten what he had just said. He only repeated, “Ian has a daughter. Ian’s daughter is looking for him…” 
Then, he lowered his head and continued eating the cake in his hand. He walked familiarly to the small house in the front yard. 
— 
The next day, when Nora woke up, the test results from Lily had not arrived yet. After all, this time, it was an international express delivery. It would take two days to reach. 
Nora yawned. When she got up and saw that Pete had already been taken to school by Joel, she went downstairs. 
As she went downstairs, she saw that the atmosphere in the living room was not right. 
She yawned and looked over in confusion. She saw Maureen looking at Yvonne angrily and saying, “I told you, if it’s not us, then it’s not us! Why would we tell outsiders about you? What good is it to us if you don’t enter the Hacker Alliance?” 
Yvonne lowered her head, her eyes red. 
She did not speak. Florence, who had always been standing beside her, said, “But Miss Yvonne did not enter the Hacker Alliance because someone said that there was a problem with her software and that she attacked her own family for no reason. This kind of software definitely doesn’t qualify, so she was eliminated. Y and Q had agreed to let her join at first!”
Maureen sneered. “What does that have to do with us? We don’t even know any hackers. If we knew any hackers, would we still need to beg you all these years?” 
Warren frowned as well. “Yvonne, you even suspect me? When have I deceived you all these years?” 
Yvonne sighed, “Warren, it’s not that I don’t believe you, but this matter has indeed been leaked. Do you really not know any hackers?” 
“Of course…” Warren wanted to answer firmly, but his words suddenly stopped. 
Of course, they knew a hacker. 
He swallowed. “I… I know Solo, but I never told him about this. Even if he found out that someone had invaded us, he didn’t know who you were!” 
Maureen said in disdain, “Yes, some people are just delusional. We’re the ones who leaked the news just because we know Solo? Nora introduced him to us! Are you going to malign Nora as well?” 
She paused. 
Maureen and Warren looked at each other. 
Sure enough, Yvonne said in surprise, “You’re saying that Nora also knows Solo?” 
She bit her lip and sighed heavily. 
Florence originally did not understand this logic, but when she saw Yvonne’s expression and thought about what they had just said, she was instantly furious. “Alright, I got it! Nora must have been jealous because I kept looking down on her with the excuse that Miss Yvonne wanted to join the Hacker Alliance! She deliberately told Solo to send a message to Y and Q!” 
“This woman is too despicable. How can she be so petty?”
Florence shouted angrily. “Even if she’s jealous of others, can’t she just improve herself? Why is she causing trouble for others?!” 
Maureen hurriedly said, “Mdm. Florence, we haven’t confirmed who did this yet. Don’t push the blame on others here! Besides, Nora might not have done it on purpose!” 
Warren nodded as well. “Yes, she doesn’t know what that software is for. Even if she really said it, she must have let it slip by mistake!” 
Warren was sure that he and his wife had not told Solo about Yvonne. Therefore, it could only be Nora. He subconsciously found an excuse for her. 
Florence sneered and was about to speak when a cold voice sounded. “Tsk.” 
The few of them subconsciously froze. They turned their heads and saw Nora walking slowly into the kitchen. She took out a piece of bread and walked out while eating. 
After swallowing the bread in her mouth, she looked at Yvonne. “Stop guessing. It was me.” 
No matter what the reason was, Yvonne had attacked her family with the software she’d written. It was intentional, so she must have been up to no good. 
If she did not do it on purpose, then it meant that her skills were not up to standard. 
Wasn’t it normal for her not to pass? 
Florence was instantly furious. “See, you’ve already admitted it! Indeed, you wrecked Miss Yvonne’s plans!”
Yvonne looked at her with red eyes. “Nora, w-why are you treating me like this? I’m not bad to you either!” 
Nora swallowed another mouthful of bread and took a sip of milk. Then, she slowly said, “What did I do to you? Isn’t it because your skills aren’t good enough?” 
Everyone: “!!!” 
Maureen and Warren were originally shocked because Nora had admitted it. However, when they heard this, they actually had an idea. 
Nora was right! 
It was clearly Yvonne who was not skilled enough. Who cared what others said about her? 
While they were feeling surprised, Nora had already walked out of the door. 
She had a team competition today and needed to participate. 
When she woke up, she received a notice to be at the competition venue at 4 PM. 
She drove to the martial arts competition and had just entered wearing a mask when she was recognized by Quentin. “028, why are you so late?” 
Nora yawned. Before she could say anything, Quentin said, “But it’s okay. We’re about to go on stage.” 
He waved his hand. “I’m sure you already know who I am, right? Your husband should have told you. So, after the competition, you and your husband can just wait to win. I’ll bring you to Class F!” 
Nora: “…”
She wanted to say something, but Quentin said, “You don’t have to say anything grateful. There’s no need to feel embarrassed. I just find you more pleasing to the eye. Besides, the moves you used yesterday were pretty good. Leading you to level up is my own idea. It has nothing to do with you. You don’t have to feel like you owe me a favor.” 
After saying that, Quentin raised his chin slightly. “By the way, is your husband here? Just protect yourselves. I’ll help you after I’m done fighting one..” 
###Chapter 323: Stealing The Limelight
Chapter 323: Stealing The Limelight 
Seeing how confident the delusional Quentin was, Nora couldn’t be bothered to say anything to crush his confidence. 
A short while later, Justin arrived. 
He was wearing a black mask that covered half of his face. 
Quentin looked at him for a while before he confirmed that he was indeed the person from the day before. He said, “You sure kinda resemble Big Brother. If no one told me otherwise, I might have mistaken you for him! Big Brother doesn’t have kids, though.” 
He glanced at Cherry and asked, “Why did you bring your kid here when you’re competing in the tournament?” 
Cherry curled her lips disdainfully. “Why can’t he bring his child here?” 
“With you around, how is he supposed to fight? Where is he going to put you when he fights later?” 
As soon as he said that, Justin said, “I’m bringing her into the ring.” 
Quentin: “” 
He was stunned at first, but a moment later, he burst into laughter. “You’re bringing your kid into the ring? Have you gone silly?” 
He shook his head and said, “It’s dangerous in the ring. What if she gets hurt? But it’s true that there are a lot of people here, so it’s also unsafe to leave her here.”
Justin said leisurely, “I’m just here to make up the numbers.” 
Even if he didn’t do anything, Nora would still be able to handle Class A and Class B opponents by herself. 
Quentin unexpectedly misunderstood, though. 
He thought for a moment and then nodded. “You’re right. You can just stand behind me later. I’ll take on two opponents.” 
Justin: “” 
The more Quentin thought about it, the more he felt that it would be astounding. 
Perhaps because he had kept himself hidden and suppressed himself for too long, he liked the idea of showing off and stealing the limelight very much. He stroked his chin and said, “With that, everyone will definitely notice our team. By the way, what is our team’s name?” 
Justin was about to speak when Quentin snapped his fingers and suggested, “How about Third In The World?” 
Nora: “?” 
Justin: “?” 
Seeing how confused both of them looked, Quentin sneered, lifted his chin, and said, “Don’t forget this— I’m the best fighter after Big Brother and Big Sister. Since the third most powerful fighter in the world is in our team, Third In The World is a very apt name!” 
“…” 
Nora couldn’t be bothered to pay him any more attention. She said, “It’s up to you.”
As a result… 
“Team Third In The World, please enter the ring. They shall be facing Team Contractor next. There are two Class C contestants in Team Contractor, so they will be a much trickier opponent than the Class A opponents yesterday. However, Smithin from Team Third In The World has given us an amazing performance yesterday. It is not known whose disciple he is. No. 028 also gave us a surprise and won every match of hers with just a punch each, so no one knows just how strong she is even now. Please welcome the two teams!” 
Together with the host’s announcement, Quentin puffed out his chest, held his head high, and led the way in front. 
Nora was in the middle. She walked with a lazy gait and was still wearing a dress. 
She usually wore trousers most of the time, so it was relatively unlikely for people to recognize her if she wore a dress in the tournament. One could consider it a little trick that she had prepared for the tournament. 
Justin caused an even bigger sensation when he went into the ring—because he was carrying a child in his arms! 
The child was about five to six years old and was wearing a princess dress. Even with a mask on, one could still see a pair of astonishingly dark eyes behind it. 
The crowd went into a furor all at once. 
Quentin was awfully satisfied when he sensed their astonishment. 
It simply felt wonderful to bask in the center of attention!
Quentin had always lived in the darkness ever since he was a child. In fact, outsiders didn’t even know that someone like him existed among the Smiths. This made Quentin sometimes long to stand where the light gathered. 
As a result, he loved being in the limelight when he was doing things anonymously. 
He gave a wave and the cheers around them became even louder. Quentin was very satisfied with the effect. It seemed that his performance the day before was passable. 
He was still thinking about it when the crowd started to shout, “One Punch Beauty! One Punch Beauty! No. 028 ‘The Beauty’ wins with one punch!” 
‘One punch’? 
Quentin was taken aback for a moment. Only then did he realize that Nora had actually gained fans in the tournament the day before. 
On top of that, most of her fans were female! 
“One Punch Beauty! Ahhh! I’m your fan!” 
Nora, who had been given a nickname for some strange reason: “” 
She raised her eyebrows and smiled at the female fan nearest to her. Her lazy and unorthodox appearance immediately made the fan scream. “Ahhhhh! She’s so suave!” 
Quentin: “” 
He slowly looked behind at No. 028. He had approached her to form a team the day before because she was indeed skilled in martial arts. After all, it wasn’t easy for him to win Class A contestants with just a single punch, either.
Besides, there were ultimately only a few female contestants in the tournament. With her around, it would highlight his aura and strength in the team even further. 
But why did it unexpectedly seem like she had attracted more fans than he did? 
Fortunately, there was still her husband, who was pretty much invisible. 
The thought had only just formed when the fans at the bottom of the ring started screaming madly again. “Ahhhh! The guy carrying the little girl is so handsome! Don’t you think that he has a sense of abstinence around him? The combination of his black clothes with the white princess dress makes them look like a little princess and her knight! He can actually bring his kid with him into the ring!” 
Quentin: “!!!!” 
Why hadn’t he ever thought of bringing a child with him when he fought? 
His way of stealing the limelight was simply too unique!!! 
He rubbed his wrists, looked back at Nora and Justin, and decided that he had to end the match as soon as possible. That was the only way he could win back the glory that belonged to him. 
As the referee announced the start of the match, Quentin said coldly, “Hold the other two back. Once I finish off one of them, I’ll come over and take care of the other… Never mind, you have a child in your arms while you’re wearing a dress. The two of you can just stand behind me. I’ll take care of…” 
He had only just spoken when…!!
###Chapter 324: Big Sister Is On
Chapter 324: Big Sister Is On 
The trio opposite them didn’t give Quentin the time to speak at all. They rushed straight toward them. 
Quentin frowned. 
Although his love of showing off wasn’t very reliable, his instinct as a martial artist was. He stepped in front of Nora and Justin at once. 
Unfortunately, the other party had numbers on their side. 
They actually weren’t hard to beat; rather, it was because he had to defeat them one by one. Their opponents had sent their two Class C team members to go after Nora and Justin while a Class B member stuck to Quentin instead. 
Justin was carrying a child, so he definitely wouldn’t be able to attack. 
Nora, a woman, had also only managed to make every punch a killing blow the day before by taking advantage of her opponents underestimating her. Once the two Class C contestants got rid of the two of them and joined forces with the Class B martial contestant, with three of them against Quentin alone, they might not necessarily lose! 
Although Quentin had delusions of grandeur, he wasn’t stupid. Otherwise, Ian wouldn’t have picked him to take control of the Smiths’ underground forces. After figuring it all out in an instant, with an awful look on his face, he said, “Hang in there, the two of you. I’ll come over and help out as soon as I can!” 
After speaking, he used all of his strength and executed his most vicious moves, taking advantage of an opening where the Class B martial artist wasn’t paying attention to land a karate chop on his neck. 
The Class B martial artist blacked out and fell onto the floor. 
Quentin feinted and dealt another strike. After defeating his opponent in two moves, he turned around to provide reinforcements. He thought that it was finally time for him to show off his might, but he instead saw that… 
The two Class C martial artists that had charged toward Nora and Justin had already collapsed outside of the ring. 
Quentin: “” 
He stood there in a daze and asked in stupefaction, “What happened?” 
What else could have happened? Nora and Justin had sent the two of them flying with a punch and a kick respectively, of course. 
“…” 
The whole place fell quiet for a moment. Then, the emcee announced, “Team Third In The World wins!” 
The audience erupted into fervent cheers. 
A dazed Quentin followed Nora and Justin out of the ring. As soon as they exited the ring, people swarmed toward them from every direction. 
“Smithin!” 
Someone called his name. 
Quentin coughed, straightened his back, and looked behind him excitedly—a beautiful little girl was standing behind him and looking at him shyly.
Quentin thought that she must be a fan who wanted to confess her love to him, so he asked gently, “What’s the matter?” 
The little girl raised her head and said, “Would it be convenient for you to move to the side a little? I’d like to take a picture of No. 028 and No. 820’s family of three, but you’re in the shot!” 
Quentin: “” 
He turned back and looked at Nora and Justin, who were walking in front. The two of them had already been surrounded by fans and their popularity was in no way inferior to Big Brother and Big Sister’s… 
How unlucky! 
He’d originally wanted to form a team with two weaklings to highlight how tall and mighty he was, but how come they had stolen all the limelight instead? 
Quentin took a deep breath and looked at the little girl coldly. “No, it’s not convenient,” he said. 
After saying that, he joined Nora and Justin. 
Hmph. 
He, Quentin Smith, was the one that Team Third In The World relied on. Otherwise, would they even be in third place? 
Did those ignorant fans know who the strongest one in the team was or not? 
He, Quentin Smith, was not going to move aside today. 
Seeing that he simply refused to move aside no matter what, the fans continued to frantically snap away with their cell phones. Only then did Quentin finally feel a little better.
The trio reached the resting area at the side. While waiting for their next match, Quentin secretly picked up his phone and accessed the martial arts tournament discussion forum. 
The tournament had set up a private website that only those attending the tournament would know of. The website was very hard for outsiders to find. 
The circle was too small, so one could say that this was a culture unique to them. 
A post about Team Third In The World had gained thousands of views in the forum by then. 
He opened up the post, intending to see how everyone was singing praises of him… But in the end, he instead saw a photo as soon as the page loaded. 
In the photo, he had originally been standing between Nora and Justin, but he had been Photoshopped away. 
Nora wore a silver mask and a red tight-fitting dress. 
Justin wore a black mask and a full-black outfit. In his arms was a little girl in a white princess dress, who was also wearing a silver mask. 
They felt very much like a family of three. 
In the comments: 
‘Team Third In The World is really strong! Even when faced with a Class C opponent, One Punch Beauty still won with just one punch. Does she only know that one move?’ 
‘Ahhhh! If I weren’t already sure that Big Brother is resting right next door, I’d have thought that the man carrying the child was Big Brother! His physique looks so much like Big Brother’s! They are both so tall
and handsome!’ 
Someone even asked: 
‘Shouldn’t there be three people in a team? Is Team Third In The World a family of three?’ 
Someone kindly answered: ‘No, the last member is Smithin, but he’s not important. Your focus is off, bro.’ 
Quentin: “” 
How was he not important?! 
Quentin turned off the phone viciously! 
He looked at Justin, who was next to him, and suddenly said, “Why don’t I carry the kid for the next match?” 
Only by carrying a child would one be able to steal the limelight. Why hadn’t he thought of it just now? 
Justin: “?” 
He raised his eyebrows, handed Cherry to him, and said, “Sure.” 
With someone carrying Cherry for him, he could take the opportunity to loosen his muscles a little. 
Thus, when it was time for the next match, Quentin walked in the forefront with Cherry in his arms and entered the ring, while Nora and Justin followed behind him leisurely. 
Seeing how there were indeed more people looking at him, Quentin felt that he had made the right strategic decision.
The corners of his lips curled upward. Just as it was about to form a smile, voices from either side of him traveled over. 
“Why is Smithin holding the child this time?” 
“Maybe carrying the child prevents No. 820 from doing his thing! If he lets Smithin hold her, he would be able to use his arms!” 
“You’re right! Also, doesn’t Smithin look like a bodyguard holding the child for them? That couple sure is laid-back! They don’t look like they’re here to compete at all. They’re clearly here for shopping!” 
Quentin: “?” 
Was it too late for him to return the child? 
The corners of Quentin’s lips spasmed. 
Then, several people could be heard discussing something. 
“Why is their team named Third In The World?” 
“It’s probably to pay tribute to Big Brother and Big Sister! Looks like their goal this time is the third place!” 
“I wonder who will be able to take third place, No. 820 or No. 028?” 
Quentin: “!!!” 
He was the one who would!! 
He was confident that apart from Big Brother and Big Sister, no one could beat him in a fight in New York! This was infuriating!
Quentin was seething. Once they reached Class F and the team automatically disbanded, he would definitely challenge No. 028 and No. 820 to a fight! 
The huffy and frustrated Quentin fought ruthlessly and swiftly after that and defeated the opponents with Nora. 
Their matches that day ended with them winning both. Together with Nora’s two victories from the day before, once they won another match the next day, they would advance to Class B. 
Nora stretched.. She was about to leave when she heard someone exclaim, “Big Sister is on! She’s going to compete!”
###Chapter 325: The Big Sister of The Quinn School of Martial Arts?
Chapter 325: The Big Sister of The Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
Big Sister? 
Nora paused and exchanged a look with Justin. Then, the two of them went to the ring where Big Sister would be competing. 
Quentin was already there. At the sight of the two of them, he whispered, “You guys have come, too? Are you also here to admire Big Sister’s graceful form?” 
“…” 
Seeing that neither of them was speaking, Quentin coughed and said, “Big Brother participated in the previous tournament and emerged as champion, so he’s automatically assigned to Class F. Big Sister didn’t, so based on the regulations, she has to start from Class A. She didn’t lose any of her matches the last few days, though, so she’ll advance to Class C once she finishes this match.” 
Nora hesitated for a moment and asked, “How many days has the tournament been ongoing for?” 
“Five days!” 
Quentin understood what Nora meant after he answered, so he immediately said, “Big Sister is special, so they scheduled four matches a day for her. This way, she can advance as quickly as possible. Once she reaches Class F, she can just wait for the rest of the contestants to finish advancing before she competes again.” 
Nora: “…” 
Why wasn’t she given the same treatment? On top of that, she even had to form a team with other people. 
She was clearly the real Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts here! 
A touch of resentment welled up in Nora. Why hadn’t Quinn used any special privileges when he signed her up for the tournament? 
She didn’t believe that Quinn wouldn’t be able to do that, given his status in the circle. 
She was still thinking about it when Quentin asked, “Envious, aren’t you?” 
Nora nodded. “Yes, I am.” 
“It’s pointless even if you are. Only Big Brother and Big Sister can enjoy that sort of privilege. Back then, Big Brother was also able to take part in four matches a day, so he reached Class F earlier than the others!” 
“…” 
Quentin patted her on the shoulder. “Don’t let that discourage you, though. We, Team Third In The World, have already made a name for ourselves with just one battle. Once we enter Class F, Class E will be the lowest we can be downgraded to. When we participate in the next tournament ten years later, we’ll start straight from Class E, so it’ll be very convenient.” 
Nora: “…” 
“Also,” Quentin patted his chest and said, “When I come in third place at the end, everyone will envy the two of you—for having teamed up with me before.” 
Even with a mask in between, Nora nevertheless couldn’t help but feel like light was about to overflow and spill out from the delusional young man’s face that he had raised up high!
Who gave a damn about his Team Third In The World?! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. The match started at this point, and the big, fleshy woman entered the ring. 
The whole place went into a furor right away. 
“Big Sister! Big Sister!” 
Everyone yelled excitedly. 
“Big Sister is so burly and muscular! No wonder she’s Big Sister! All those muscles on her aren’t that easy to build!” 
“Yeah! I’m really looking forward to Big Sister and Big Brother facing off now! Who’s the stronger of the two?” 
“I reckon Big Sister can bulldoze her way into Class F. I wonder what the organizers are thinking. How can they make Big Sister fight? Can’t they just assign her to Class F straightaway? I wanna watch the ultimate showdown!” 
“Tsk, isn’t it better to watch Big Sister advance step by step to Class F instead?” 
The group of people spoke enthusiastically. 
Nora stroked her chin and observed the fake Big Sister. The muscles all over her body really were very solid, and really were the product of a lot of hard work and training. It was already harder for women to build muscles than men. Her body was comparable to a man’s muscles, so it was indeed very amazing. 
Even though she wasn’t the real Big Sister, she was admirable.
While Nora was thinking about it, the Class B martial artist facing off with ‘Big Sister’ stepped into the ring. 
He saluted her and said, “It is an honor to be able to fight with Big Sister.” 
Big Sister nodded and said, “I look forward to your guidance.” 
Although she was prideful, she still spoke rather politely. 
Or at least, she wasn’t that loathsome. 
After exchanging some pleasantries, they began to fight. 
The fake Big Sister did have a certain level of foundational skills. Based on her observation, she was actually using the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ moves! 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
After exchanging about twenty moves, the fake Big Sister won. 
Fervent applause broke out from the audience at the bottom of the ring. 
“Big Sister has won!” 
“Isn’t that very normal? It feels like there was no doubt about it from the start!” 
“Is it just my illusion? Why does it feel like Big Sister is struggling a little?” 
“It’s because Big Sister is too fat, right? She looks clumsy, but she actually has a lot of physical strength…”
“Don’t tell anyone, but I think No. 028’s match was more interesting than Big Sister’s…” 
“I think so, too…” 
“Shh, how can a newcomer like No. 028 compare with Big Sister?” 
Amidst everyone’s speculations, the fake Big Sister exited the ring panting, and went backstage to prepare for her next three matches. 
After thinking for a while, Nora went over, too. 
The door to the fake Big Sister’s lounge was open, so she slipped in. 
The fake Big Sister looked over.. “Who’s there?”
###Chapter 326: Yvette?
Chapter 326: Yvette? 
Nora raised her brows. 
The fake Big Sister’s intuition was rather sharp. 
She was about to speak when the fake Big Sister saw the contestant number on her wristband. She received a shock and immediately executed the highest form of salute in martial arts etiquette—she knelt on one knee and said, “Linda pays her respects to her senior!” 
‘Senior’? 
Nora was surprised. “Whose disciple are you?” 
“My teacher is Sir Lucas.” 
Lucas was the second senior disciple of the Quinn School of Martial Arts and had been taking charge of the sect’s affairs all these years in her stead. 
Nora pulled her up gently and said, “Get up and talk.” 
The sturdy woman named Linda got up. Her big and tall form was half a head taller than even Nora, and she possessed a lot of physical strength. She was indeed practicing the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ style. 
The Quinn School of Martial Arts was fastidious about slow and steady training. They trained their physical strength, form, and dexterity. 
On the other hand, the Irvin School of Martial Arts focused on flexibility and dynamism.
That was why Quinn had always called Irvin a devious old scumbag. 
Linda didn’t wait for Nora to ask but immediately explained, “The organizers of the tournament contacted Lucas and said that they wanted to get someone to impersonate you so that they can earn some money to fund the tournament. They have also talked to the Irvin School of Martial Arts about this. Big Brother has already agreed to it, so Lucas also agreed to it.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Linda explained further, “The martial arts tournament is held once every ten years, but the organizers actually don’t have any more money, so they are having a lot of difficulties hosting the tournament. The person impersonating Big Brother has an easier time; he just needs to wear a mask and take photos with people and so on. On the other hand, you have to take part in the tournament, which is why Lucas sent me! This way, it can at least bluff everyone for a while, and also divert attention from you.” 
Linda looked around cautiously after she spoke. Then, she looked at her and said, “I’ve already won twenty matches and advanced to Class C. Lucas praised me and said that I did pretty well, but he has also told me to slow down because I may give myself away once I advance further. Therefore, I intend to use a stomachache as an excuse to delay the matches for a few days. Alternatively, I may bow out of the tournament altogether, so as to avoid damaging your reputation.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips twitched. She nodded and said, “Alright, you guys can do as you deem fit. Did your teacher tell you what I should do when I reach Class F?” 
Linda smiled and replied, “Of course he did. He says that you can just outright declare your identity once you progress to the final match. After you have a good fight with the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big
Brother and win fame and merit for yourself, you can secretly leave immediately. Doing this will also avoid attracting too much attention to yourself in the early stages, and prevent people from finding out your true identity.” 
“Okay, we’ll do just that, then,” said Nora. 
She had kept her identity a secret only because of the words her mother had left her. She had told her not to show off before she became capable of protecting herself, lest people targeted her. 
Ever since the assassin who tugged off a few strands of her hair and tried to kill her in the hospital had appeared, she had become even more convinced by her mother’s words. 
There was indeed a mysterious force that had been watching her all this time. 
Once she shone too brightly, she might become their target. 
This was also why she had immediately moved to the Smiths after they acknowledged her. After all, the Andersons were indeed too weak and powerless and didn’t have any security personnel there. 
The Andersons would be safer once she was gone. 
As for the Smiths… 
Well, she was just staying there temporarily. 
While thinking about it, she left the room. As soon as she went out, she bumped into Quentin. When Quentin saw her coming out of Big Sister’s room, he immediately gave her an “I understand” look. He smiled and said, “Did a certain someone secretly go to Big Sister to ask for a photo together and an autograph?”
Nora: “?” 
“I get it all, I understand it all. You don’t have to be embarrassed about it. Isn’t it very normal for one to admire Big Sister?” 
“…” 
As Nora walked toward the exit, she asked, “Aren’t you going home?” 
Their matches today were already over, so what was he still staying here for? 
Quentin replied, “Nah, I’m gonna stay here and watch Big Sister from afar.” 
“…” 
Nora didn’t respond to his moronic behavior. After giving Justin a heads-up, she drove straight home. 
The moment she got home, she saw Old Maddy sitting at the door in a daze.. He was taken aback when he saw her, and he said, “Yvette?”
###Chapter 327: Are You Ryan?
Chapter 327: Are You Ryan? 
Nora, who was still in the car, rolled the car window down after she saw Old Maddy. Thus, even though his whisper was very soft, she had still heard it. 
‘Yvette’? 
… Yvette Anderson?! 
To think he knew her mother! 
The thought made Nora slam on the brakes. She jumped off the car, went up to Old Maddy, and grabbed his hand. “Do you know my mother?” she asked. 
The old man looked at her in bewilderment. There was a lost and confused look in his eyes. 
Nora frowned and reminded him, “Yvette Anderson.” 
When Old Maddy heard the name, he immediately shouted excitedly, “Yvette!” 
Nora: “!!” 
As expected, he did know who Yvette was. 
Nora asked the security guard at the door to park the car for her. Then, she held Old Maddy’s arm and said, “Where do you live? I’ll take you back there.” 
Old Maddy grinned and nodded. “Will you give me hamburgers?” 
“Yes.”
“Okay!” 
Old Maddy followed behind Nora, and the two went to his place of residence. 
It was already dark by then, and the whole manor looked as if the sky had been covered with a black veil. For once, it wasn’t foggy, and a few stars twinkled in the sky. 
In a big city where lights shone so brightly, it was very hard for stars to be seen. 
However, there weren’t many living nearby the large manor. The lights in the few simple houses around it were also switched off at the moment, so one’s field of vision stretched even further than usual. 
Old Maddy led the way. He walked to a house at the furthest corner, opened the door, and switched on the lights. Only then did Nora’s eyes feel a little better. 
She looked around Old Maddy’s house. 
Unlike Old Maddy himself, the place was neat and clean. From the looks of it, it seemed that the butler’s claim that the Smiths weren’t abusing him was true. 
Old Maddy had burns all over him, so he disliked taking baths, which made him seem very dirty. However, the sheets were changed frequently, so they were very clean. Neither was there any smell in the house. 
After Nora looked around, Old Maddy sneakily took out a hamburger from the fridge and gave it to her. He said, “Eat this, Yvette…” 
‘Yvette’ again… 
Nora frowned and looked down at the hamburger in her hand. 
While she was lost in thought, Old Maddy looked at the door warily and said, “Don’t be scared! You won’t die of hunger!” 
Nora: “…” 
She frowned, looked at the hamburger in her hand, and asked, “Where are we?” 
“At home, of course!” 
‘At home’… 
Why would they go hungry if they were at home?! 
Just what kind of relationship did Old Maddy and Yvette share? Judging from his behavior, he seemed very protective of Yvette… 
While she was wondering about it, Old Maddy grinned and asked, “Did you bear Ian a child, Yvette?” 
Nora: “?” 
Old Maddy behaved erratically, and he spoke incoherently. He said, “Ian has a daughter now!” 
Nora frowned. 
She suddenly stood up and asked, “Are you Ryan Smith?” 
She’d had that feeling since the day before. 
The lunatic in front of her was likely Ryan! 
He was the president of the pugilistic world, so he had gone to the arena. Otherwise, simply based on the fact that he was mentally ill, why would he possibly go all the way to the martial arts tournament?
Old Maddy was a little taken aback when he heard the name Ryan Smith, but right after that, he curled his lips disdainfully and said, “Ryan is ugly. He’s not as good-looking as Ian. Don’t be with Ryan, Yvette. Besides, Ryan’s IQ isn’t high, either. If you have a baby with him, it’ll affect your daughter’s IQ!” 
Nora: “…” 
She was confused again. 
If Old Maddy was Ryan, why would he say that he was ugly? 
Moreover, he went on and on about genes, IQ, and the like, and even knew that a daughter inherited part of her IQ from her father. Was he really someone from a small town in the mountains? 
Nora frowned and looked around again. However, she didn’t see any substantial clues. 
After all, according to the butler, when Old Maddy first came to the Smiths, he had nothing but the ragged clothes on his back. 
Somewhat disappointed, she stood up and said, “I’m going now.” 
Old Maddy nodded. 
After Nora left, Old Maddy kept feeling as though he had forgotten something, but his mind moved too slowly, and he simply couldn’t recall what it was. Thus, he merely grinned and continued to eat the hamburger he was holding. 
While he was eating, someone suddenly knocked on the door. 
Nora pushed the door open and stood at the door.. As though she had made up her mind, she slowly said “Old Maddy, why don’t I treat your illness for you?”
###Chapter 328: Treating His Illness?
Chapter 328: Treating His Illness? 
The next day. 
When Nora went out of her bedroom with a yawn after she woke up, she saw Maureen seated in the small living room on the second floor. At the sight of her coming out of her bedroom, Maureen immediately walked over. “You’re awake, Nora?” 
Nora nodded. 
Maureen was obviously waiting for her. She asked, “I heard that… um… you’re thinking of treating Old Maddy’s illness?” 
Nora nodded again. 
Before this, she hadn’t thought that Old Maddy was very important, so she hadn’t paid him any attention. Later, she found out that he might be Ryan, but he had indeed become ill and lost his mind. He also didn’t remember much of his past anymore. 
After thinking about it the previous evening, Nora decided to treat his illness. 
If she cured his illness, he would be able to tell her what had happened to Ryan and her mother back then. 
Of course, treating Old Maddy’s illness wasn’t going to be easy. First of all, he was a madman, so Nora would need the Smiths to constantly keep an eye on him and prevent him from running all over the place. 
To be honest, if she were to keep visiting Old Maddy, she would definitely attract other people’s attention. 
Therefore, she decided to simply inform the butler that she intended to treat Old Maddy’s illness. By being open with her actions, she would prevent a lot of unnecessary trouble and suspicions. 
She didn’t expect all the Smiths to know about it after just one night, though. 
Maureen was in a fierce internal struggle. She said, “Actually, Uncle Ian had asked someone to take a look at Old Maddy’s illness before. The person he had invited over was even a very professional doctor who is said to be the most well-known psychiatrist in the world, but even so, he didn’t manage to cure Old Maddy. Nora, I know you’re eager to prove your skills as a doctor, but I still feel that there’s no need to use Old Maddy as a stepping stone…” 
Maureen and Warren had immediately come together to secretly talk about it after they heard the news. Both of them were of the same opinion that Nora had possibly made the sudden decision because of her work. 
She was a doctor, yet no one in New York dared to approach her for medical consultation. 
That was why she had chosen someone with a disease that was hard to cure, so that she could make a name for herself, right? 
Thus, Maureen had approached her straightaway. She wasn’t someone who knew how to beat about the bush, so she had voiced her thoughts straightforwardly. 
Nora liked her straightforward character quite a lot. This way, she didn’t need to waste time guessing what exactly she was thinking. She also replied straightforwardly, “I’m not using him to make a name for myself. I really intend to cure him.” 
After saying that, she went down the stairs to the kitchen to look for food. 
Maureen: “…” 
After hearing Nora’s reply, she returned to the bedroom. 
Warren was lying comfortably on the recliner and basking in the sun. When he heard the door open, he asked, “How did it go? Has she given up?” 
Maureen shook her head. 
Warren frowned. Then, he sneered, “She sure is stubborn, isn’t she? Since she insists on doing it, then just let her do what she wants! Hmph! She doesn’t understand how impressive Uncle Ian’s medical team is, at all. There’s no way she can cure the mental illness that even they can’t do anything about!” 
Maureen rolled her eyes at him. 
Sure enough, Warren backpedaled and said, “But if she wants to treat his illness, then she can just go ahead. At the most, we’ll just keep a closer watch on Old Maddy in the future, and tell outsiders that he showed signs of improvement!” 
What could he do if that was what his little sister insisted on doing? 
Maureen laughed. “You’re really a man who says one thing but means another!” 
Warren snorted. “How annoying. I already have enough things to do every day, yet I still have to clean up her mess for her! Sigh, if you meet anyone while you’re out, and if they ask about it, just tell them that it feels like his condition has greatly improved and that he, at least, doesn’t go berserk anymore. Make Old Maddy’s condition sound as serious as possible!” 
“No problem!”
— 
Elsewhere. 
After filling up her stomach a little, Nora got ready to go to the backyard to look for Old Maddy. 
Old Maddy’s illness was in the brain, but it wasn’t so much as something bad had formed in his brain; rather, it was a neurological problem and surgery was useless. His condition required alternative medicine instead. 
She had studied his condition carefully the previous evening and had decided to use acupuncture on him. 
When she was going out, she happened to run into Yvonne, who was going in. Nora retracted her gaze when they ran into each other. She was about to pass her by when Yvonne greeted her with a smile. “Are you going to the backyard, Nora?” she asked. 
Nora paused and looked at her carefully. 
The two of them had only just gotten into an argument the day before, yet the woman was already looking as if she wasn’t bothered about it anymore. She really was a very scary person. 
She curled her lips disdainfully and replied, “Yeah.” 
Then, without any further delay, she headed to the backyard. 
Yvonne cast her eyes down and curled her lips into a mocking smile.
So, she wanted to cure Old Maddy and make a name for herself? She sure thought really highly of herself. 
Yvonne would just wait and see how she makes a fool out of herself..
###Chapter 329: Acupuncture
Chapter 329: Acupuncture 
When Nora was walking toward the secluded garden in the backyard, all the servants had already woken up. 
Everyone looked at her, but before she even came near, they hastily went away. 
Two of them were currently whispering to each other. 
“Have you heard? Ms. Nora is planning to treat Old Maddy’s illness!” 
“Does she think she can cure him when the old sir had already asked one of the most professional doctors to treat Old Maddy’s illness back then, and even he couldn’t do anything about it? I know she just came to the Smiths, and wants to accomplish something so that people wouldn’t look down on her, but isn’t this a little too… you know?” 
“Let’s hurry up and leave, in case she sees something wrong with our health and ends up wanting to treat our illnesses, too. If that happens, we’ll end up offending her if we refuse. Yet if we don’t, are we really going to be her guinea pigs?” 
“Sigh, Old Maddy is so pitiful. He has already gone mad, yet he has to suffer under her hands…” 
Someone asked hesitantly, “But Ms. Nora looks very determined to me. What if she’s really trying to cure him?” 
“Ms. Nora is just a surgeon, and she isn’t even well-known. How would she possibly know how to treat mental illnesses? Even professional psychiatrists couldn’t cure him…” 
“…” 
The group of people whispered among themselves, but Nora wasn’t bothered at all. She entered Old Maddy’s house. 
Old Maddy was eating a hamburger. 
The butler, who knew she was coming, was also standing next to him at the moment. He looked at Nora with a complicated look on his face. 
When Nora had approached him the night before and told him that she wanted to treat Old Maddy’s illness, the butler had already been disapproving of her decision. 
Old Maddy was also human. Although he had gone mad, he was a living human being. How could people be allowed to toy with his life so casually? 
He had immediately spoken to Joel about it, but unexpectedly, Joel had actually agreed to it after a short moment of hesitation. 
As such, the butler could only come over and keep an eye on things. 
Although Old Maddy was crazy, out of everyone living at the Smiths’ residence, it was the butler who had interacted with him the most all these years. Old Maddy also got along with him the best, so he didn’t want Old Maddy to suffer. 
In any case, Old Maddy was still a living human being. 
While he was thinking about it, he saw Nora open a box that she had brought with her. Inside the box were long thin needles.
The butler’s pupils shrank from shock. 
“Ms. Nora, those are…?” he asked. 
While searching for a suitable needle in the box, Nora answered, “Acupuncture needles.” 
The butler: “…” 
The corners of his lips spasmed as he asked, “Aren’t you a surgeon?” 
“Yeah,” Nora answered casually. 
She looked at Old Maddy and casually looked around for something. In the end, she pressed about on his head, found a suitable spot, and pierced his head with the long thin needle. 
The sight made the butler’s hair stand on end! 
The sight of such a long needle fully entering Old Maddy’s head was simply terrifying, especially when the needle was slowly going deeper and deeper. The butler felt as if even his breathing had stopped. He looked at Old Maddy in disbelief but saw that he had stopped eating his hamburger and was about to lift his head hesitantly. 
Nora said, “Don’t move.” 
Old Maddy was very obedient, and he immediately became still. 
After the needle fully entered Old Maddy’s head, Nora gripped the top end of the needle and twisted it a little. Then, she pulled it out. 
The whole process filled the butler with fear and apprehension. He couldn’t help but feel like the needle was going to pierce right through Old Maddy’s head.
Outside: 
Busybodies were secretly observing what was going on in the room. 
Florence had also come after she heard the rumor. When she saw what Nora was doing, she was so frightened that she patted her own chest and said, “Can you really do it or not, Ms. Nora?! Don’t you harm someone else’s life! Even though Old Maddy is mentally ill, the old sir has personally given him permission to live here! Don’t you dare think that there’s no one protecting him!” 
Florence wasn’t trying to make trouble this time. Rather, she was purely trying to protect Ian. 
As long as it was about someone that Ian valued, Florence would uphold Ian’s orders to the very end! 
This was also one of the reasons why Joel hadn’t taken away her position as the chief housekeeper after he took over the Smiths. 
Sometimes, loyalty mattered more than ability. 
Nora paid her no heed. Everyone else looked at Old Maddy, only to see him look at the needle in Nora’s hand hesitantly. 
The butler asked nervously, “How do you feel, Old Maddy?” 
The confusion in Old Maddy’s eyes had lessened a little. He touched his head and frowned, seemingly pondering about something..
###Chapter 330: Nora And No.028
Chapter 330: Nora And No.028 
The butler immediately became excited when he saw his reaction. 
Although everyone had heard of acupuncture, they were still shocked and astonished when they actually saw it for themselves. After all, few people practiced it. Also, the needle was so long that it felt like it could penetrate right through someone’s entire brain. 
That was why they were so shocked by Nora’s actions. 
However, when the butler saw that Old Maddy’s condition really did seem to have improved, he swallowed again and asked, “How do you feel?” 
Old Maddy took a bite of the hamburger and slowly said, “I wanna sleep.” 
Pretty much right after he said that, his grip loosened and the hamburger dropped onto the floor. The man also lay down on the bed. 
He had fallen asleep. 
This was an aftereffect of acupuncture and was very normal. 
With that in mind, Nora picked up the needle and pierced him with it another two times. 
Alternative medicine took effect very slowly. Given the extent of Old Maddy’s illness, if she wanted to stimulate his nerves, it would take at least half a month before significant effects showed. 
This was just the first day of treatment, so it wasn’t suitable to go too far.
Nora put the needles away after piercing him with them thrice. 
Next to her, the butler, who saw Old Maddy fall asleep, couldn’t help but ask, “Ms. Nora, what’s the matter with him?” 
Nora replied, “He’s alright. He’ll be fine after he wakes up.” 
She stood up straight and stretched. 
To other people, all she did was just jab Old Maddy with a needle thrice. 
However, she was the only one who knew just how tiring the process was. Not only was a high degree of concentration required, but she also had to be accurate in locating the acupoints. 
Old Maddy’s head was covered in burns, which made the acupoints really hard to find. 
After piercing the needles into his head, she also had to control the needle’s force and depth. All of these were factors that she had to respond to and adjust on-site. 
She yawned and left, planning to go to the tournament. 
The two matches today were still as boring as ever. 
All of Nora, Justin, and Quentin’s opponents were Class B and Class C martial artists, so they easily gave them a thrashing and bulldozed their way. 
There was no doubt about their victory. After winning the two matches, Nora and Justin walked out of the venue with Cherry in the latter’s arms. 
Quentin followed behind them. As they walked, he asked, “Who exactly are you guys? What are you taking part in the tournament for? There aren’t that many married couples in New York who are as strong as the two of you, and you even have a daughter…” 
Quentin didn’t think that they might be Nora and Justin at all. 
Nora needed his protection, so she was likely at home at the moment. 
As for Justin, he was the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother. Even though not many knew about it, there were still quite a few people who were aware of it. He should be in the lounge waiting to take photos with people at the moment! 
Quentin didn’t think that it was beneath Justin for him to take photos with people, either. After all, even a genius like him craved success and basking in the limelight. 
After the last few matches, he had also gained fans of his own. Having people look for him to take photos with him made him feel as if he was on cloud nine. 
Besides, while Justin had a son, he didn’t have a daughter! 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look and ignored Quentin. 
Nora asked Justin, “Where are you going?” 
“Home, I guess. What about you?” 
“Home, too.” 
Justin took the opportunity to ask, “Let’s have dinner together before we go back?” 
“Nah,” Nora replied casually, “We can’t abandon the other one.”
Pete was still at home. Never mind that the three of them didn’t bring him along when they came here every day to have fun, but if they also dined together without him, they would be going too far. 
Although Justin wanted very much to spend more time with Nora, he could only abandon the idea when he heard her reply. 
The two chatted and went to the car park while ignoring Quentin. 
Quentin: “…” 
— 
Nora went home. When she reached the Smith manor’s entrance in her car, she happened to bump into Quentin, who had been extremely bored at the arena. 
At the sight of her returning home from outside, Quentin frowned and stopped behind Nora silently. He said, “Didn’t I tell you not to go out if there’s nothing important? I’m busy lately, so I don’t have the time to follow you around.” 
Nora: “?” 
Quentin sighed. “If you had half of No. 028’s skill, I wouldn’t have to do this for you anymore. You’ve taken up all my time, so I don’t have any time to practice building rapport with No. 028 at all.” 
Nora: “”
###Chapter 331: Are You Taking Apprentices?
Chapter 331: Are You Taking Apprentices? 
Nora was terribly amused. It seemed like the right time to have a good chat with the young man, and let him know how strong she was. 
She said calmly, “You don’t have to follow me around.” 
Then, without waiting for Quentin’s response, she went up the stairs. 
Quentin: “…” 
He stared angrily after Nora. He was about to say something mean when, for some reason, he suddenly found her kinda familiar to the eye. 
Although she was wearing trousers whereas No. 028 was always in either a long black or red dress, the two of them actually looked somewhat similar from the back. 
He must be mistaken. 
No. 028 was such a frank and straightforward person. How could she possibly be Nora? 
Just like how No. 820’s physique was similar to Big Brother’s, there were a ton of people in the world with similar body builds! 
Quentin shook his head and dispelled the thought. At this point, someone walked over from a short distance away, giving Quentin such a shock that he hurriedly hid into the dark. 
He had become so accustomed to being in the limelight at the underground arena that he had actually forgotten to hide, causing himself to almost expose his existence to the Smiths’ servants.
— 
After Nora entered the living room, she had pretty much rid herself of Quentin. He would never openly show up in front of others. 
Pete was already home and was currently playing blocks with Mia. 
Mia spoke softly, so even though Pete felt that what she was playing with was very boring, he nevertheless accompanied her with a frown. 
The simple-minded Brandon circled around the two. He said, “Mia, why are you so stupid?! You can’t do that there… Ah! It collapsed!” 
Mia pouted and stared at Brandon in silence. 
Brandon panicked. “Hey, don’t cry. Little crybaby, please don’t cry. I won’t touch your things anymore, okay?” 
Pete heaved a sigh. He slowly bent over and easily arranged Mia’s blocks back into the previous state for her. 
Mia cheered up and said, “Thank you, Cherry.” 
Pete replied stoically and habitually, “You’re welcome… yeah.” 
Nora: “…” 
Why was her son talking so weirdly? Cough. 
While she was thinking about it, Pete, who seemingly sensed her looking at him, looked over. The little boy’s dark eyes lit up at once and he called out, “Mommy.”
He sounded a bit like he was wheedling. 
Nora raised her eyebrows, immediately realizing that the little fellow must have something to ask of her. She nodded and went up the stairs. 
When she entered the bedroom on the upper floor and looked behind her, sure enough, she saw Pete closing the door. 
Nora sat on the sofa casually. “What’s the matter?” 
Pete walked up to her at a snail’s pace. The hesitant boy observed her facial expression again and again before he finally asked, “Mommy, can you ask God-mom to teach Mia how to dance?” 
Nora was surprised. “You want Tanya to teach Mia how to dance?” 
“Yeah.” 
Pete frowned and said, “Mia likes dancing very much. Whenever we have dance classes, she always hides outside the door and secretly learns how to dance together with us. God-mom has already spotted her several times, but she just doesn’t take her as a student.” 
Nora licked her lips. “Okay, I’ll ask her about it.” 
“Okay.” Pete smiled and said, “I’ll go out and play with Mia.” 
“Go ahead.” 
After Pete left, Nora decided to call Tanya. However, just as she was about to do so, she instead received a video call from Tanya herself.
As soon as she picked up, she saw Tanya’s face taking up the entire screen. Her loud voice also rang out. “Little Nora, do you miss me?” 
Nora: “…” 
“Your mother-in-law is asking you to come over and visit when you’re free. Hasn’t it been really long since you last came over to my place?” Tanya continued to holler, her voice so loud that it made Nora’s temples throb. 
Nora kept quiet for a while. Then, she suddenly asked, “How have you been lately?” 
At the mention of the topic, Tanya heaved a huge sigh and said, “I found someone with great potential for dancing recently. She’s even the first person I’ve developed an interest in, apart from Cherry. Do you think I should take her as an apprentice?” 
Tanya propped her chin on her hand. She looked like she was in a dilemma as she said, “But I don’t really get along with her parents. On the one hand, I really want to take her as an apprentice, but on the other, I also want to stay away from her.. I’m so troubled about this…” 
###Chapter 332: Old Maddy’s Condition
Chapter 332: Old Maddy’s Condition 
This was exactly the reason why Nora had wanted to call her. 
She would never give her close friend trouble just because of her son’s request, of course. After all, Joel had Mia with someone else. 
She could tell that Mia had great potential for dancing, and she also knew that Tanya had been searching for a successor all these years. 
After she had reached a certain level in her dancing and started her own dance brand, it was simply too difficult for her to find a suitable successor. 
Although Nora hadn’t had much contact with Mia, she could tell that she was a kind little girl. 
That was why she had decided to bring it up. 
Tanya must be referring to Mia, right? 
She hesitated for a moment before she asked, “How do you feel about it?” 
Tanya bit her lip and sighed. She replied, “I don’t know what to do, either. She likes dancing very much. Whenever I hold dance classes, she would secretly come over and learn, but I pretend not to know anything about it. Sometimes, when I see her dancing by herself without my guidance, I find myself somewhat in a daze as if I’m looking at myself when I was younger…” 
She had once walked past an area where few people went after class. There, she had seen Mia wearing a white princess dress tiptoeing, her form lithe and graceful.
Mia was born with a small frame. Like Tanya, the girl also had a tall and thin body shape. 
It was a pity for someone with a body build like hers not to dance. 
She cherished talent, but whenever she thought of Mia’s mother, she couldn’t help but feel that she couldn’t afford to mess with them. 
The more Tanya thought about it, the more fed up she became. “Forget it, I’ll just wait and see for a little longer!” 
Nora stared at her. Suddenly, she said, “Sometimes, if you wait and see, the opportunity may pass you by.” 
Tanya was satisfied with Mia for sure. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been so troubled and said so much to her. She had always been a direct and straightforward person, able to go with the flow. 
Till now, Nora had never seen Tanya unable to let go of anything. 
The fact that she was in such an internal struggle about Mia went to show just how much Tanya liked Mia. 
To be honest, Tanya had made up her mind a long time ago to teach Mia dancing. She was just missing that last push. 
Therefore, when Nora said that, after keeping quiet for a while, Tanya suddenly said, “You’re right. I’ll start teaching her tomorrow! Or at least, I’ll let her join the dance class!” 
She won’t take her as an apprentice first. She would just teach her like she was just a normal student for now!
Seeing that the troubled look on her had disappeared, Nora nodded. “That works.” 
After the two chatted a little more, Tanya finally hung up. 
Nora didn’t tell Pete and Mia about it. Taking Mia as a student and teaching her how to dance was Tanya’s decision, and had nothing to do with her. She didn’t need to go to the children and tell them about it to gain favors. 
The day passed quickly. 
Early next morning, Nora got out of bed and went to perform acupuncture on Old Maddy again. 
Barring any accidents, she would be visiting Old Maddy and treating his illness for the next half a month. 
Unexpectedly, though, as soon as she reached the small house in the backyard, she saw the butler standing outside the house in a dilemma. At the sight of her, he immediately panicked and said, “Ms. Nora, Old Maddy is still unconscious. Surely nothing has gone wrong, right?” 
The fact that he was still unconscious… showed that his health had suffered a lot and that he had been in a highly tense mental state over the years. Thus, after she had performed acupuncture on him, thereby allowing him to relax, he had fallen into a deep sleep. 
Nora entered the house and checked Old Maddy’s pulse. 
The butler watched them from the side. 
The sight of Ms. Nora checking Old Maddy’s pulse like an alternative medicine practitioner surprised him. After all, alternative medicine practitioners were generally more advanced in age. Could someone as young as her… really do it?
The butler once again questioned Nora’s medical skills. 
This was especially because, since the day before, Old Maddy had only woken up once halfway because of hunger. After eating a little something, he had fallen asleep again. 
Surely Ms. Nora’s medical treatment wouldn’t really cause Old Maddy’s death, right? 
While he was thinking about it, he saw Nora brandish the extra-long needle and stick it into Old Maddy’s head again. A few jabs later, Nora got onto her feet and said, “He’s fine. He’ll recover after he sleeps for a few more days.” 
Then, she turned and left. 
The butler: “…” 
Was there anyone who slept for 23.5 hours out of 24 a day?! 
— 
While walking back to the main house after leaving Old Maddy’s residence, Nora received a call from Lily. Lily said, “I’ve received the DNA sample you sent. I’ll start the test now. The results will be out in eight hours..”
###Chapter 333: Provocation
Chapter 333: Provocation 
Eight hours? 
Nora glanced behind her at Old Maddy’s residence and nodded. “Okay,” she said. 
After hanging up, she went out and drove to the underground arena. Her only task during this period of time was to advance to Class F as quickly as possible so that she could spar with Big Brother. 
As usual, she changed into the red tight-fitting dress in the car. Then, she entered the underground arena. 
As soon as she went in, she heard people deep in discussion next to her. 
“Who do you think will be stronger this year? Big Brother or Big Sister?” 
“Both of them are very strong. It’s just that Big Brother participated in the last martial arts tournament, so he has already displayed his strength for all to see, whereas Big Sister didn’t.” 
“She’s still amazing even if she’s never participated in it before. Big Sister is of equal repute as Big Brother.” 
“That’s right. Also, have you guys seen Big Sister’s first few matches? I wonder just how exciting the final match will be!” 
“I did, I did! Compared to Big Sister, Big Brother’s build is a little too weak!” 
“Hahaha! When the time comes for them to compete, will Big Sister hold Big Brother down just by sitting on him?”
“…” 
Amidst comments like theirs, a voice traveled over. “All of you are such good-for-nothings. How could the champion possibly emerge only from those two sects?” 
The person’s words took everyone who was talking by surprise. 
Even Nora, who was about to pass by them, stopped and looked at the person speaking. 
The person who had spoken was from a small four-man team. None of them had masks on, and they were wearing clothes specific to a certain sect. 
Those clothes… 
“You guys are from Benevolence Hall?” 
Benevolence Hall was a martial arts sect. 
It was also a sect that someone had established out of the blue in recent years. This was their first time participating in the martial arts tournament, so people weren’t very optimistic about them. 
Someone laughed and said, “Who else could it be, if not Big Sister or Big Brother? Well, certainly not someone from the Benevolence Hall, right?” 
The person who had spoken just now nodded. He puffed his chest out and sneered, “That’s right. Even though it hasn’t been long since the Benevolence Hall was established, our first senior disciple, Victor, can crush Big Brother and Big Sister for sure!” 
The man laughed. “Victor? Who the hell is that? Why haven’t I heard of him before?” 
The others echoed him. They asked, “The name Benevolence Hall sounds so weak. Whose disciples are you guys?”
The Benevolence Hall disciples laughed and replied, “Our trainer’s name will scare you to death! He’s the internationally renowned boxing champion, Abigail!” 
Abigail was a strong and muscular African man. 
He was the champion of the previous year’s international boxing competition. When he won, he had said on stage that he would love to have the opportunity to witness the level of martial arts in the States. 
In particular, he held great interest in the Quinn School of Martial Arts, which was famous for its training in physical strength. He had even questioned why the Quinn School of Martial Arts hadn’t sent anyone to participate in the boxing competition and wondered if it was because they were afraid of being embarrassed if they lost the match. If so, then he would have to come over and personally challenge them to a duel. 
Quinn had been outraged when the news reached him. 
He had raved and ranted about him for three days straight in the training gym and said that his was an internal style of martial arts that was occupied with spiritual and mental aspects. How could it possibly be the same as that lout’s style of martial arts?! 
Who knew just how that devious old Irvin might be laughing at him behind his back because of this?! 
Little did they expect that the sect with a name as elegant as the Benevolence Hall was actually established by Abigail, though? On top of that, he had really come to the States! 
While a frowning Nora was musing over this, a random member of the audience had already curled his lips disdainfully and scoffed, “What’s the big deal about a boxing champion? Is he even comparable to
the martial artists in the States? The martial artists here are very powerful! We’ll beat you guys up no matter how many people you throw at us! We’ll knock all your teeth out, and beat you up so bad that even your mom won’t recognize you!” 
Victor was a big and tall man. He had a sullen look on his face at the moment. When he heard what the man said, he sneered, “Then get Big Brother or Big Sister to come out here and fight with me.” 
The members of the audience immediately retorted, “Oh my, do you think they’ll fight you just because you say so? Big Brother and Big Sister are very busy people. Who would have that much time to deal with you? Why should Big Brother and Big Sister show you that much courtesy when everyone wants to challenge the two of them to make a name for themselves?” 
“Exactly! Why should they show you that much courtesy?!” 
Victor frowned at what they said. Before he could say anything, the people behind him shouted, “Tsk, as if they are that awesome.. If they are that great, then why don’t they come and teach us a lesson? I bet they don’t even live up to their reputations!”
###Chapter 334: No Virtue
Chapter 334: No Virtue 
The others clenched their fists. 
Irvin School of Martial Arts and Quinn School of Martial Arts had always been respected in the pugilistic world, especially in the past few years. In peaceful times, the pugilistic world had weakened and everyone had returned to normal. 
Irvin School of Martial Arts and Quinn School of Martial Arts had instead become a form of spiritual sustenance for martial artists. 
Although there had been people who had questioned Big Brother and Big Sister’s strength, Irvin School of Martial Arts’s Big Brother had won the championship at the age of 15 with an absolute advantage 10 years ago, silencing everyone. 
Everyone was obsessed with Big Brother and Big Sister. This was also the reason why so many people asked to take a photo with them at the martial arts seminar. 
Now, Victor had provoked the two of them right away, causing everyone to glare angrily at them. 
“What are you doing?” 
The person behind Victor said, “If you have the ability, get Big Brother or Big Sister to come out and fight openly. Otherwise, if you cause trouble and provoke us here, you’ll be chased out of the martial arts competition!” 
The martial arts competition was only held to give the martial artists a sense of belonging. It was not to select the real champion but to give all the martial artists a goal. 
If there was no martial arts competition, the sects would probably not want to practice martial arts anymore. They would only want to accumulate wealth and strengthen their bodies. 
Therefore, there was a rule in the martial arts competition that all members were restricted from provoking or attacking in private. Once they were discovered, the person who attacked would be eliminated. 
When those people heard this, they did not dare to move. 
Victor glanced at them and clearly felt that it was a little boring. He turned around and walked towards the entrance. 
Nora stood there and happened to block the intersection. 
Seeing that Victor was getting closer and closer, Nora retracted her gaze and stepped into the martial arts competition first. 
Nora, Justin, and Quentin met up. The three people, who were playing Class C today, did so effortlessly. After the match, the three of them sat on the sofa and waited for the next match. Suddenly, a bloodied and deformed person was carried down from a certain ring. 
Someone carried a stretcher and walked past Nora and the other two. 
There would definitely be injuries in the arena, so Nora did not notice it at first. 
After a while, someone got off the stage and walked toward the food section. As he walked, everyone in the martial arts competition venue looked at him with resentment in their eyes. 
“Victor.”
Suddenly, someone shouted. 
Victor stopped in his tracks and looked over. He saw someone from Quinn School of Martial Arts walking over. “Although this is a martial arts competition, it’s just a competition between the various sects. There’s no need to fight so hard, right?” 
As soon as he said this, Victor sneered. “Oh? In boxing competitions, the opponent has to be knocked unconscious. I didn’t know that New York loved peace so much.” 
His words were filled with mockery. “No wonder all the sects are like this now.” 
The disciple from Quinn School of Martial Arts was stunned by his words, but he still said politely, “That’s not what I meant…” 
Victor interrupted him again. “Then what do you mean? Are you blaming me for being too ruthless? Or should there be no casualties on the competition grounds?” 
The disciple choked again. “No, casualties are inevitable. But you were too ruthless just now. The other party had already admitted defeat, so why were you still fighting? His life will be ruined if he continues like this!” 
Victor sneered. “Oh, what does it have to do with me? Did I force him to participate in the martial arts competition?” 
The disciple was speechless. 
Every word that Victor said was aimed at the martial arts competition. His words held his disdain for the martial arts competition.
Everyone clenched their fists. 
Victor swept the surroundings with his gaze and sneered. “In my opinion, the martial competition is the time to fight for the honor of the sect.. If you can’t afford to play, then you should withdraw from the competition!”
###Chapter 335: Pervert
Chapter 335: Pervert 
Victor was very domineering. 
With that, he walked straight to the food section with a vicious look on his face. 
The disciple of Quinn School of Martial Arts was stunned by his aura. 
He took a deep breath and finally calmed down. He pointed at him angrily and scolded, “What a petty person! In the next match, you will be facing Quinn School of Martial Arts’s Class D people! I’ll wait for you to say this again!” 
Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
Victor paused in his footsteps and smiled. 
However, he did not say anything. Instead, he picked up the beverage beside him and drank it. 
The group quickly dispersed. 
The people around them disliked the four people from Benevolence Hall very much. The four of them did not mind and found a place to sit and rest very freely. 
Nora lowered her eyes. When her fingers touched the sofa gently, Cherry’s voice was heard. “Mommy, Daddy, can the Class D people teach him a lesson?” 
Before Nora and Justin could say anything, Quentin sneered. “Yes.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at him.
Quentin pursed his lips in disdain. “I know this person.” 
He rolled his eyes. “There are a few branches of the dark forces in New York. Two years ago, this person was one of Scarface’s subordinates. His name is Victor. Back then, he liked to gamble and was idling around all day. Later on, he separated from Scarface and the others and joined Benevolence Hall.” 
Nora asked curiously, “Does Benevolence Hall accept such people?” 
Logically speaking, the recruitment of people in a martial arts club depended on their age. 
No matter how one looked at it, Victor was already 27 or 28 years old. He was already 25 or 26 years old two years ago. Such a person’s bones had already matured, so it was useless to practice anything else. 
Why would Benevolence Hall take him in as a disciple? 
While thinking, Quentin sneered. “What Benevolence Hall? Do you think anyone really joined it? Those four people are all hooligans. The kind who have nothing better to do.” 
Nora was curious. “Then are they very skilled?” 
Quentin was even more disdainful. “How is that possible? Their skills aren’t good, they’re just ruthless. I guess the Class C fighter was too careless.” 
If he was weak, why would he say such harsh words? 
Nora felt that Quentin’s words were too one-sided. 
Seeing that Victor was on stage again and preparing for the next competition, Nora suddenly stood up. “Let’s go over and take a look.”
She did not understand why she was interested in such a scum. 
After the three of them walked over, they saw a Class D player from Quinn School of Martial Arts already standing on the stage. Nora knew this person. He was a disciple of the same generation as her. His name was Randy. 
He was very skilled. 
Furthermore, because he was in Quinn School of Martial Arts all year round, he did not hide his identity. 
Obviously, Quentin also knew him. “So Victor is going up against Randy this time? There will definitely be no problem.” 
With that, he shouted, “Randy, beat him up!” 
He turned around. The others who had just witnessed Victor beating someone up also began to shout, “Beat him up! Randy will definitely win!” 
Randy raised his hand. After Victor went on stage, he cupped his hands and said, “I apologize in advance!” 
With that, he raised his fist and punched Victor quickly and hatefully! 
“Yes!” 
The surrounding audience cried out. They all felt that this punch was steady and fast. Victor could not dodge it no matter what. However, just as the fist was about to reach his face, Victor suddenly turned to the side to dodge and kicked Randy in the stomach!
“Wow!” 
The sudden turn of events shocked the entire scene. 
Not to mention the others, even Quentin frowned. “How is this possible?!” 
Nora looked at him. 
Quentin was staring at the stage in shock. “This Victor was still a little hooligan two years ago. I could have beaten him with one hand, but he attacked too quickly just now! This doesn’t look like he has learned martial arts for just two years! No matter how talented he is, what can he learn in two years?” 
Quentin asked himself, even if it was him, his speed could only be this fast! However, he had studied hard and practiced martial arts since he was young. 
Quentin exclaimed, “He can’t be considered a genius, right? He’s simply a freak!” 
Nora, who had learned all the techniques in the Quinn School of Martial Arts in two years: ?
###Chapter 336: The Big Sister of The Quinn School of Martial Arts!
Chapter 336: The Big Sister of The Quinn School of Martial Arts! 
Nora did not say anything and continued to watch the competition on the stage. 
Quentin’s nagging kept ringing in her ears. 
“F*ck! He can dodge such a trick? Not only has his speed increased, but his strength has also increased a lot!” 
“I think Randy is definitely going to lose!” 
“I even bullied this kid before. Why didn’t I feel that he was so strong? That’s not right. Logically speaking, if he had talent in martial arts, he should have shown it two years ago!” 
Quentin had been living in the dark all along and knew these forces very well. 
He definitely knew where a powerful little hooligan came from in New York. 
Looking at Victor’s current state, it was obvious that his ability was on par with his. However, it had to be known that among the seven boys of the Smith generation, Ian had only chosen him because he was naturally suited to practicing martial arts! 
But he had been practicing for so many years, and someone else had used just two years to catch up? 
Quentin was indignant! 
“Randy, defeat him!” 
Quentin led the surrounding audience and shouted.
Unfortunately, Randy was not Victor’s match. He was defeated in less than five minutes! 
Randy fell onto the stage. His entire body hurt so much that he could not stand up. He stretched out his hand and planned to say, “I admit…” 
Before he could say the word “defeat,” Victor took a step forward and kicked him in the abdomen, causing him to roll a few times on the ground. 
Randy spat out a mouthful of blood from the pain. 
Someone beside him shouted, “Victor, what are you doing? Randy has already admitted defeat!” 
Victor stood on stage and grinned. “Is that so? Why didn’t I hear that? Did he say anything?” 
“…” 
Randy did not finish his sentence! 
Victor looked at Randy. “Did you admit defeat?” 
Randy wanted to say something, but when he opened his mouth, he spat out another mouthful of blood. Victor spread out his hands. “Did you see that? He didn’t say anything at all. That means the competition will continue.” 
With that, he rushed in front of Randy and kicked him again. This time, Randy slammed into the railing at the edge. 
Being blocked by the railing, Randy did not fall off the stage. 
If he fell off the stage, the competition would end.
However, he did not. It only made his entire body hurt even more. He opened his mouth and coughed up blood. He could not speak at all. He raised his hand, intending to surrender. However, just as he stretched his trembling hand out, Victor grabbed it and pulled him hard. 
Randy was thrown into the middle of the ring again! 
Victor flexed his wrist and slowly walked in front of Randy. “What a tough nut. Since you’re so tough, don’t blame me for being rude!” 
With that, he extended his leg and stepped on Randy’s raised hand! Then, he crushed it! 
Randy cried out in pain and fainted. 
“Enough! He lost! Referee!” 
As everyone shouted, the referee walked over. “Randy has already fainted. You won. Let him go…” 
Victor raised his eyebrows. “Who said he fainted?” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he exerted more force with his feet. 
The fingers were connected to the heart. Randy had actually woken up from the pain. His entire body was trembling, and he could no longer speak or use any strength. 
“Referee, look. He’s still awake. He must still want to fight me.” 
Victor said ruthlessly. 
The referee was speechless. 
This Victor had captured all the loopholes in the competition. 
Randy was a disciple of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Nora narrowed her eyes and revealed a fierce look. 
She was about to attack when a voice sounded. “Stop!” 
With this voice, the crowd automatically moved aside. Linda, who had been pretending to be her, rushed out. When she saw the stage, she frowned. “Are you challenging Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
Victor lowered his eyes. “So it’s Big Sister. Why? Do you want to fight me on his behalf? Sure. But do you dare?” 
Linda choked on her words. 
Would she dare? 
On stage, Randy was Linda’s martial uncle! He was more powerful than her! 
Wouldn’t it be even more embarrassing for the Quinn School of Martial Arts if she went on stage? 
However, Victor was still provoking her.. “Tsk, I think Quinn School of Martial Arts’s Big Sister is just an embroidered pillow, right? You don’t even dare to do this?”
###Chapter 337: Going On Stage
Chapter 337: Going On Stage 
His words angered everyone. 
Someone shouted, “Big Sister, teach him a lesson!” 
The others immediately echoed, “That’s right, Big Sister. Teach him a lesson! Let him know how powerful Quinn School of Martial Arts is!” 
“I think he doesn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth! Big Sister, you must help Randy take revenge!” 
“Big Sister, even if you beat him up until he’s looking for his teeth all over the ground, we won’t think that Quinn School of Martial Arts is bullying him! He’s too arrogant. He’s simply too much!” 
“Who do the people of Benevolence Hall think they are? How dare they tease Quinn School of Martial Arts?” 
“…” 
Quentin was also furious and anxious by the side. He shouted anxiously, “Big Sister, attack! Let him know how powerful Quinn School of Martial Arts is!” 
Linda, who was pretending to be Big Sister: “…” 
She looked anxiously at the crowd, not knowing what to do. 
At this time, she would lose face if she went on stage. But if she did not go on stage, it would make people feel that Quinn School of Martial Arts was afraid.
For a moment, she was in a dilemma. 
However, Victor was still sneering. “What? Big Sister, you still don’t dare to come up?” 
Quentin pranced about. “Why isn’t Big Sister on stage yet? If I was a member of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, I would have gone up and taught him a lesson!” 
The people from the Quinn School of Martial Arts had been bullied. Only when their own people went on stage could they be considered to have slapped the faces of the bullies. Otherwise, what would happen if word got out? 
However, Randy was ranked in the top five of Quinn School of Martial Arts. Even so, he had lost. The rest of the people from Quinn School of Martial Arts did not dare to go on stage and embarrass themselves. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and stared at the ring. 
She took a step forward, but her arm was suddenly grabbed. 
She turned around and saw Justin staring at her. “He’s doing it on purpose.” 
Nora’s eyes darkened when she heard those words. 
Yes. 
She had also felt it earlier. 
From the moment Victor entered, he had been constantly challenging the dignity of the Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts. He had found someone from the Quinn School of Martial Arts to fight, and he was so vicious as to make ruthless remarks on the stage. 
All of this proved that he had done it on purpose. His goal was to anger Big Sister into coming out. 
She was aware of it… 
However… 
Nora looked at the stage again. 
Linda’s face was already steely with anger. She clenched her fists tightly and could not say a word. 
At first, the people from Quinn School of Martial Arts all shouted for revenge. However, when they saw that Linda was not moving and that no one else was going on stage, their auras began to weaken. 
If she did not make a move, it would probably be difficult for the people of Quinn School of Martial Arts to raise their heads in the future. 
Nora took a deep breath and suddenly said, “I’ll fight you.” 
As soon as these calm words were spoken, the surroundings instantly fell silent. 
Everyone looked at Nora, who was wearing a silver mask. 
Victor frowned and looked at her in confusion. 
Quentin, who was filled with righteous indignation and wanted Big Sister to make a move, heard this and suddenly turned back to look at Nora in disbelief. 
Then, he lowered his voice and said, “What are you doing? You don’t need to show off at this time, this person is very strong!” 
Nora ignored him and went on stage step by step.
Someone had already made way for her. 
When Linda saw Nora, she heaved a deep sigh of relief. 
After Nora stood on stage, Victor said, “028, this is between me and Quinn School of Martial Arts. It has nothing to do with you.” 
Nora lowered her eyes and said calmly, “I’m also a member of Quinn School of Martial Arts. How could I have nothing to do with this?” 
Everyone was shocked by her words. 
“So she’s from Quinn School of Martial Arts!” 
“No wonder she’s so powerful!” 
However, after frowning, Victor sneered. “Among women, I only treat Big Sister as an opponent. I advise you to hurry down and not embarrass yourself.” 
Nora stretched out her fist. “Is Big Sister someone you can compete with just because you want to? You have to get past me first.” 
Victor stared at her with a dark gaze. After examining Nora from head to toe, he said coldly, “Alright. Since you want to die, I’ll fulfill your wish! Don’t think that I’ll be merciful just because you’re a woman!” 
After saying that, he did not give Nora any time to react. Without saying anything else, he rushed over and wanted to knock her down..
###Chapter 338: Admit Defeat?
Chapter 338: Admit Defeat? 
Victor did not want to waste too much time and wanted to end this quickly. 
Therefore, he gathered all his strength in this punch. He did not care that the other party was a woman at all, nor did he have any intention of being gentle toward her. 
The woman in front of him could still dodge with her thin body. 
However, 028 did not dodge. She even stretched out her hand to block his punch! 
“You’re really courting death!” 
As Victor thought this, he sneered. 
Their faction walked the path of strength. As the disciple of the boxing champion, he was definitely the strongest in terms of strength. This was also the reason why he had provoked Quinn School of Martial Arts. After all, Irvin School of Martial Arts’s movement techniques were agile, so he might not necessarily be able to compare. 
However, Quinn School of Martial Arts fought with real strength. 
But a woman was competing in strength with him? 
Ha. 
As Victor thought this, he increased his speed. The impact of his body and the strength he had originally accumulated made this punch reach the imposing aura of a mountain.
Those who were standing a little closer could feel the murderous intent in his fists. They looked at Nora worriedly. 
Although Nora had won with one punch in the first few matches, they were still worried for her now. 
The next moment, however… 
The two fists had already collided in the air! 
Bam! 
When the heavy force hit each other, just hearing it made one feel like their bones were about to break. 
Quentin could not help but frown. His mind was even beginning to wonder which hospital in New York had the best surgical skills. He could now help 028 reconnect her bones. 
However, when he looked over, he saw the two standing there with their fists still clenched… 
However, Nora’s eyes under the silver mask did not change much. Instead, Victor’s face was filled with surprise and hesitation. He stared at the two touching fists in disbelief. 
10 seconds later, Victor’s leg went soft and he took two steps back. His clenched hand had already drooped down weakly. It was obvious that he had broken a bone. 
He stared at his hand in shock and looked at Nora again. 
However, the woman, who had not taken the initiative all this while, suddenly rushed over. Her lips curled into a cold smile as she stretched out her slender and fair legs…
Everyone only saw Nora stretch out her leg. Her red dress fluttered up. Then, with a bang, Victor was kicked to the ground and could not get up no matter what. 
While everyone was worried about Nora, Justin’s bright eyes looked at that leg… 
This woman was really… Why was she wearing a dress when she was fighting? It was fine if it affected her performance, but once she lifted her leg, her insides… As he thought about this, he saw Nora wearing safety pants that covered the scenery inside. 
He finally heaved a heavy sigh of relief. 
However… 
Her fair thighs and calves were still too exposed. 
Next time, he would prepare some pants for her! 
As he thought this, the surrounding crowd had already erupted in applause! 
Then, someone from Quinn School of Martial Arts shouted, “Quinn School of Martial Arts is mighty! Quinn School of Martial Arts is invincible!” 
The others followed. 
“Invincible Quinn School of Martial Arts!” 
“Invincible Quinn School of Martial Arts!” 
Nora did not care about these voices. She only patted her fists lightly and immediately looked at Victor, who was lying on the ground and could not get up. She asked, “Do you admit defeat?” 
Victor’s abdomen had been kicked, and he felt as if his organs had shifted.
He was about to speak when Nora’s fist hit his face again! 
He had nowhere to hide from this punch! 
Bam! 
Nora knocked out four of his front teeth. 
The woman flexed her shoulders and asked, “Do you admit defeat?” 
Victor: “…” 
For some reason, the red-dressed woman standing in front of him suddenly became terrifying. 
In the end, Victor was carried off by the other three from Benevolence Hall. When they left in a hurry, the martial arts arena was filled with cheers. 
Nora let Victor off. 
After all, it was difficult to teach manners to a dead person. 
However, this could also be considered revenge for Randy. 
She gave Linda a comforting look. When she got off the stage, Quentin grabbed her arm. He looked at her with a complicated expression.. “Who are you?”
###Chapter 339: You’re Really Irritating
Chapter 339: You’re Really Irritating 
Just who exactly she was? 
Nora raised her eyebrows and replied, “A disciple of the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
Quentin: “…” 
Nora didn’t pay any more attention to Quentin. Instead, she walked toward the exit. 
— 
Elsewhere. 
Victor, who was carried out of the arena and into a car by three people, was sent to a villa in the suburbs. 
Upon seeing Victor being carried into the living room, the big and tall green-eyed boxing champion Abigail, sitting on the sofa in the living room, slowly sat upright. 
Abigail was 6’5″ tall and weighed 220 pounds. He was strong and sturdy and had huge muscles all over him. His build was a little similar to Jordan Hoffman’s, but the power in his bulging arm muscles was much, much greater than Jordan’s. 
He stared at Victor and scoffed, “What a useless piece of trash! I’ve invested so many resources in you, yet you can’t even force Big Sister out of hiding? On top of that, you even let a nobody female disciple from the Quinn School of Martial Arts injure you this badly!” 
If anyone other than Victor had suffered such injuries, he would already have passed out cold and been unable to speak.
However, Victor had already somewhat gotten over the initial pain and discomfort after resting on the way here. His physical resilience was astonishingly good. 
His lips trembled as he slowly said, “I’m sorry, sir. Give me some more time, I’ll definitely defeat Big Sister in the finals!” 
Abigail sneered, “You’d best remember what you just said!” 
He gave a wave after he spoke. Only then did the rest of the people there carry Victor upstairs. 
There was no medical equipment upstairs. 
In spite of that, they left immediately after throwing Victor onto the bed in the room. No one mentioned anything about going to the hospital. 
It seemed like they had already become accustomed to it long ago. 
Downstairs, Abigail had already picked up his cell phone and was making a call. He said, “Sir, we didn’t manage to force Big Sister to take any action. Victor lost to a young female disciple from the Quinn School of Martial Arts.” 
The other party kept quiet for a moment before they asked, “A female disciple?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
“… Big Sister hasn’t taken any action?” 
“No.” 
“It seems that Victor isn’t strong enough, then.” 
Abigail’s voice deepened. “Do you need me to take action?” 
“Let the juniors solve their problems themselves, but be sure to take off Big Sister’s mask in the finals!” 
Abigail was taken aback. “Her mask? Big Sister hasn’t been wearing a mask at all, though…” 
But as soon as he said that, Abigail himself was dumbfounded. “You mean the woman claiming to be Big Sister is a fake? Then who is the real Big Sister?” 
Abigail figured it out again at this point. “It’s No. 028!” He exclaimed. 
The other party scoffed, “So, you’re not that stupid, after all.” 
Then, he said, “I heard that Caleb Gray is in New York? Keep an eye on him and see what he has been up to recently, as well as who he has contacted more often.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
After hanging up, Abigail looked upstairs with a cold look in his eyes. 
— 
Who on earth was investigating her? And who would pose such a threat to her that her mother would leave such last words behind? 
Nora kept thinking about these two questions as she drove home. 
Victor’s appearance kept giving her the feeling that a conspiracy was slowly surfacing into the open, yet all of it was beyond her reach. In fact, she didn’t even know who the other party was. 
Nora returned to the Smiths with those doubts on her mind.
As soon as she entered the house, she saw Yvonne sitting on the sofa looking troubled and worried. When Yvonne saw her, she said, “Nora…” 
Nora looked at her. 
The servants in the living room also looked at her. 
Yvonne bit her lip and said, “Old Maddy still hasn’t woken up yet.” 
Nora nodded. “That’s normal.” 
Yvonne, however, sighed and said, “Let’s take Old Maddy to the hospital, Nora. It won’t do for him to continue sleeping like he’s comatose. By the time something really happens, it’ll be terrible.” 
Nora frowned and said distantly and indifferently, “I just told you it’s normal. Didn’t you hear me?” 
Yvonne: “?” 
She bit her lip and said, “Nora, you mustn’t treat Old Maddy’s illness like that. Although he doesn’t have any children and is all alone, after staying here in the Smiths’ manor for so long, he’s pretty much already family… You shouldn’t abuse his body like that…” 
Nora walked straight upstairs. 
Yvonne followed behind her. She was about to continue when Nora suddenly stopped and looked back at her.. “Has anyone ever told you that you’re very irritating?”
###Chapter 340: Is He Ryan Smith?
Chapter 340: Is He Ryan Smith? 
Although Nora’s voice was low and hoarse, it was clear. With so many people present, her words reached everyone’s ears. 
All the nannies and servants looked at one another. In the end, all of them lowered their heads in silence. 
Yvonne suddenly flushed. She hadn’t expected Nora to speak so bluntly. Nevertheless, she had great mental resilience, so she immediately replied, “Nora, I know you’re irritated because I’m so long-winded, but there are some things that the Smiths can do, and some things that they can’t! You mustn’t treat Old Maddy so inhumanely! Your medical treatment has already caused him to become comatose! Are you going to bear the responsibility if he really dies?” 
Nora stared at her. “Yeah, I will.” 
“…” 
Her words made Yvonne choke. 
Even a doctor wouldn’t dare to say that, yet Nora had actually said it. 
She took a deep breath. “Nora, you—” 
Nora, however, didn’t pay her any more attention. She went straight into her bedroom and slammed the door shut, isolating herself from the commotion outside. 
Her actions put Yvonne in a particularly awkward situation.
Florence, who was standing behind her, said angrily, “Ms. Yvonne, you shouldn’t bother yourself with her! If something really happens, let’s see how she’s going to answer for it!” 
Yvonne took a deep breath and said pretentiously, “Mdm. Florence, I’m not trying to interfere with her affairs. I’m just worried about Dad! Dad was the one who personally allowed Old Maddy to live here, after all. Besides—others may not know this, but I’m sure you do—Dad occasionally visits Old Maddy like he’s visiting an old friend…” 
Florence frowned. “Yes, we all treat Old Maddy like he’s family. I just didn’t expect a certain someone to be so cruel as to use him as a guinea pig for their experiments!” 
Yvonne sighed. “Yes, that’s why I’ve been worried about Old Maddy’s safety all this time…” 
The two of them entered the study while they spoke. 
Yvonne closed the door and sighed. “Mdm. Florence, what if I give Dad a call now and tell him about this?” 
Florence immediately waved and said, “No, you mustn’t. The old sir is in the midst of recuperation right now. If you tell him about it, he’ll definitely become anxious. I think it’s better to tell Mr. Joel about it instead.” 
Yvonne said, “But Joel has already agreed to let Nora treat Old Maddy’s illness. Dad is the only one who can stop her now, but I don’t want to disturb him, either. How about this? If Old Maddy continues to be comatose… I have a pill here called the Carefree Pill that can treat brain problems. This pill is said to have saved Mrs. Hunt’s life!” 
The Carefree Pill?
Florence was taken aback. “Isn’t that a creation by Harmonia Pharmacy?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Yvonne cast her eyes down and said, “I heard that the pill can refresh and invigorate one’s mind. I’m sure Old Maddy will wake up once he consumes a pill as expensive as this. That way, nothing will happen to him anymore.” 
Florence was still rather hesitant. “Can the pill be taken so casually?” 
Yvonne shook her head. “I don’t know. I’ve heard that traditional medicine is meant to nourish one’s body, but I don’t dare to let him take it, either. Forget it, Mdm. Florence, if Old Maddy continues to be comatose after another two days, then we’ll talk to Dad about it!” 
After saying that, Yvonne placed the Carefree Pill in her hand on the desk, got up, and left the study. 
However, she didn’t leave after she went out. Instead, she stood at the door and looked into the study. 
Florence was staring at the Carefree Pill on the desk. 
If she gave the pill to Old Maddy, he would recover, right? This way, they wouldn’t have to disturb the old sir anymore. 
The old sir was in poor health, so no one dared to disturb him with the affairs at home. 
Not only would it cure Old Maddy, but they also wouldn’t need to disturb the old sir… 
Florence picked up the pill and went straight to Old Maddy’s residence. 
Seeing her leave, Yvonne lowered her head. A small smile appeared at the corners of her lips.
— 
The next day, Nora went to Old Maddy’s residence and performed acupuncture on him as per usual. 
After watching Old Maddy fall asleep again at the end of the acupuncture session, she got up and walked out of the house. 
Lily called her at this point. “The DNA test results are out!” she said. 
Nora asked nervously, “Is he Ryan Smith?”
###Chapter 341: Exposed
Chapter 341: Exposed 
Lily’s answer was straightforward. “I compared his DNA with yours, as well as with Ian’s. The results show that he is unrelated to either of you.” 
He was unrelated to either of them? 
So, he wasn’t Ryan Smith at all? 
Nora frowned. It seemed like her guess had been off the mark. 
But if Old Maddy wasn’t Ryan, then who was he? 
While she was thinking about it, Lily added, “His DNA is kinda strange, though. Is he mentally ill?” 
Nora was taken aback. “What’s the matter?” 
“From his DNA, it seems that he has genetic psychosis.” 
Nora cast her eyes down. “Yeah, he’s a madman.” 
“No wonder, then.” 
Lily hung up after voicing her ive observations. 
Nora stared at the phone for a while. 
In the end, she tossed it into her pocket.
The solution was actually very simple. She would know who Old Maddy was once she cured his illness, right? 
Besides, curing him would only take her half a month. 
Her martial arts tournament match that night was rather late, so Nora decided to go to the hospital to visit Ian first. 
Ian was staying at a private hospital with excellent facilities. Nora had a lot of self-awareness; she knew that her existence was a disgrace to Ian, so she didn’t go to his ward. Instead, she was planning to approach his attending doctor to ask about his condition. 
As soon as she arrived at the door to Ian’s attending doctor’s office, she heard Joel’s voice coming from inside. “Are you still unable to reach Anti?” 
The attending doctor nodded. “Yes, Anti rarely checks her email.” 
Joel heaved a huge sigh. “In that case, Uncle Ian’s condition…” 
“The hemangiomas in his brain are very hard to remove. On top of that, he is in very poor health, so we don’t recommend surgery. Anti is the only one whose hands are fast enough to control the bleeding and the anesthesia.” 
Joel’s voice turned cold. “Then keep looking for him.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora slowly took a few steps backward as she listened to their conversation. She raised her eyebrows and her lips curled into a smile. 
Ian had refused to take the Andersons’ Carefree Pills all this time because he held a grudge against them for Yvette’s betrayal.
He had probably never thought that he would ultimately still need her to save his life. 
Nora picked up her phone, opened Anti’s email inbox, and searched through it. Sure enough, she found the SOS email that the Smiths had sent. 
When Nora was quietly leaving the hospital, Yvonne, who had come to visit Ian, happened to be getting out of the car. 
Yvonne frowned as she gazed at Nora from the back. 
It seemed like Nora wasn’t as dumb as she looked, after all. She had actually thought of coming to the hospital to please Dad? 
She would never give Nora the opportunity, though! 
— 
At the martial arts tournament arena. 
Neither Nora nor Justin had arrived yet. Quentin had arrived early, so he was sitting on the sofa in the dining area in boredom and thinking about the moves that Nora had used the day before. 
No. 028 undoubtedly had remarkable skills. 
It didn’t seem like much when she defeated the others with just a single move—after all, Quentin was also capable of doing the same—but when she was up against Victor the day before, she had still defeated him with one move all the same. Now, that was difficult. 
Just who exactly was No. 028?
When had someone like her appeared in New York? 
Had he become at risk of losing his position as third in the world? 
Quentin thought about it with a great sense of crisis. At the same time, he also developed a sort of hostility toward No. 028. 
An opponent like that would shake his position! 
Quentin was still thinking about it when he suddenly spotted Big Sister and a few disciples from the Quinn School of Martial Arts. They had gathered and were talking in hushed voices. 
Quentin immediately tossed No. 028 to the back of his mind, pretended to be nonchalant, and went toward Big Sister. 
Linda was sitting with the rest of the Quinn School of Martial Arts disciples and talking to them. She was completely unaware that someone had suddenly come up behind her. 
“Linda, it’s been some time since you started impersonating Big Sister. When do you intend to come clean about it?” 
Linda scratched her head. “I should have confessed about it yesterday. After all, my opponents will only get stronger and stronger, and I won’t be able to cope anymore. If Big Sister hadn’t stepped forward and helped me out yesterday, I really don’t know how I would’ve dealt with Victor!” 
Quentin: “?”
###Chapter 342: Big Sister And Big Brother~
Chapter 342: Big Sister And Big Brother~ 
Quentin was dumbfounded. 
He listened to them in disbelief. 
“Big Sister sure is awesome, though. Even when she was up against Victor, she still won with just one move.” 
The tall and thick Linda was still chatting softly with her companions. She said, “I’d originally thought that even Big Sister would have to use a few moves, no matter what. Also, when Lucas told me to impersonate Big Sister, I had thought that there wasn’t such a big gap between Big Sister’s and my abilities, but unexpectedly, it’s actually this huge! I admit to Big Sister’s superiority from the bottom of my heart now!” 
“Me too! Big Sister is simply amazing! To her, Big Brother is probably the only one who is a match for her.” 
“Say, if Big Sister encounters Big Brother, which of the two do you think will be stronger?” 
“…” 
Quentin felt like his ears were ringing. 
He subconsciously thought No. 028’s martial prowess—she was indeed very impressive. He had been worried just a moment ago that she would pose a threat to his position as third in the world, but unexpectedly, she was actually his idol, the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts? 
But if she was Big Sister, why would she team up with him? 
He’d originally thought that what she had seen in him were his abilities! He had even wanted to take the two of them to the finals and let them piggyback off him! 
That was what he thought, and that was what he said. He asked, “Since Big Sister is so strong, why did she join a team?” 
The disciples were busy gossiping, so they didn’t notice that it was someone else who had asked the question. They immediately replied, “Yeah, I really don’t know what kind of sheer dumb luck Smithin has to actually be able to form a team with Big Sister. Their team name is too weak, though. Third In The World…? Even if Big Sister doesn’t take first place, she’s at least in second place, alright?” 
“Yeah, life practically can’t get any easier for Smithin now that he can actually ride on Big Sister’s coattails!” 
“What a shame that the others don’t know about it.” 
“Speaking of which, there are actually people saying that No. 028 is lucky to be able to tag along with Smithin’s team. Now that’s the biggest joke I’ve heard this year!” 
“Big Sister probably finds it too troublesome. But since teaming up can save her half of the time required, she will definitely do it.” 
Quentin: “!!!” 
He swallowed again and stared at the few of them in disbelief. 
One of the reasons why he had invited a woman to join his team was that he’d thought that that would make it easier for him to show off—after all, if he succeeded in bringing a ‘weak and frail woman’ into Class F, he would probably become a legend in the tournament, right?
But unexpectedly, the teammate whom he had casually approached was actually Big Sister? 
‘Third In The World’… That indeed lowered Big Sister’s ranking, didn’t it? 
While he was in a daze, someone said, “Let’s not say any more. If we go on, Big Sister’s identity will be exposed. The surroundings are so dark, be careful not to let outsiders come near. If that happens, Linda’s true identity will be given away!” 
Linda said casually, “We’re all from the Quinn School of Martial Arts here. What are you so scared of? There aren’t any outsiders here.” 
After saying that, Linda and the rest looked around them. When their gazes swept across Quentin, they skipped him out of habit. 
Ten seconds later. 
Linda’s head abruptly whipped toward Quentin, who was still standing there in a daze. 
Oh no! 
Lately, Quentin had been following her around whenever he wasn’t in a match, which caused the Quinn School of Martial Arts disciples to become accustomed to seeing him around. In that instant just now, they had straight-up thought of him as one of their own! 
But! 
Linda jumped onto her feet at once. “Y-you… you…” 
Quentin looked at the group of disciples in front of him. He felt deeply deceived.
— 
Nora came late today. 
When Justin saw her outside the entrance, he raised his eyebrows. “You just got here?” 
“Yeah.” Nora locked the car door and tossed the car key into her pocket. “Has the match started?” 
“It’s starting soon.” Justin followed behind her and said with a smile, “Quentin is definitely going to nag at you again for coming so late.” 
Nora gave an indifferent shrug. She was about to speak when she spotted Quentin standing in front of them in a daze, his eyes practically stuck on her. 
Nora: “?” 
She took a step forward and said, “Sorry, I’m a little late.” 
She’d thought that Quentin would definitely take that as an excuse to lecture her a little, but unexpectedly… 
A starry-eyed Quentin actually said, “It’s okay! I’ll wait, no matter how late you are!” 
Nora: “” 
Justin, who was carrying Cherry and about to step through the door: “” 
Justin looked over, his dark eyes fixing themselves sinisterly on Quentin. As though he didn’t notice Justin staring at him at all, Quentin leaned toward Nora and said, “I’ve found out your true identity, Big Sister.” 
“…”
Nora fell silent for a moment. Her true identity? Which? Did he find out that Nora Smith was Big Sister? Or that No. 028 was Big Sister? 
She coughed and asked tentatively, “Which identity are you talking about?” 
Quentin lowered his head. His face was as red as a tomato, just like someone who had become embarrassed upon meeting their idol. He replied, “Y’know, your identity as Big Sister! I heard about it from Linda and the others just now. I’d never thought that my comrade in battle would actually turn out to be Big Sister…” 
Nora coughed. “Yeah.” 
It seemed that her Nora Smith identity hadn’t been given away. 
Her lips curled into a smile and she walked in front. 
Quentin subconsciously followed behind her. He was about to say something to her again when Justin, who was carrying Cherry, inserted himself between the two of them. 
Quentin: “…” 
He looked at the big and tall man. When he thought of how the two of them were husband and wife, Quentin suddenly grabbed Justin’s arm, lowered his voice, and said, “You’re not worthy of Big Sister.” 
Justin: “?” 
Quentin sneered, “You’re a man, yet you’re always taking care of the child at home. Don’t you feel that you’re not worthy of Big Sister at all? In the ring, you always let Big Sister take action while you hide at the back instead… How did Big Sister fall in love with a wimp like you? Do the two of you even have common topics to talk about? Can you even be Big Sister’s sparring partner when she wants to spar?”
“…” 
The corners of Justin’s lips spasmed as he stared at how Quentin was behaving. Suddenly, his lips curled into a smile and he said, “It can’t be helped.” 
Quentin stopped talking and looked at him, wondering what he would say next. Little did he expect Justin to simply reply calmly, “She likes pretty boys like me.” 
Nora walking in front: “…” 
Quentin, who heard his reply: “!!!” 
That guy wasn’t ashamed at all! On the contrary, he was proud of it! 
He was too much! 
Justin paused again. Then, he asked, “Besides, who do you think can be worthy of someone like her?” 
Quentin puffed his chest out. 
Justin’s words, however, pierced his ego. “You? How many moves can you last in a fight with her?” 
Quentin: “!!” 
He was just a little stronger than Victor. 
In spite of that, Quentin refused to admit defeat. He said, “Yes, I’m indeed not worthy of Big Sister, but there’s someone who is! Big Brother can definitely fight on par with Big Sister! The two of them are a perfect match!”
Upon hearing that, Justin glanced at Nora, who was a little away from them.. He suddenly lowered his head, leaned into his ear, and asked, “Then do you know who I am?”
###Chapter 343: That’s Impossible!
Chapter 343: That’s Impossible! 
Quentin asked scornfully, “Who are you?” 
He couldn’t possibly be Big Brother, right? 
He could understand why the Big Sister shown to the public was a fake—No. 028, aka Big Sister, wanted to keep her identity a secret. Judging from her personality, she seemed like a relatively low-key person. 
But surely the Big Brother in the lounge couldn’t possibly be fake as well, right? 
… even if the man in front of him did look a bit like Big Brother! 
While Quentin was thinking about it, Justin withdrew his gaze. Instead, he smiled and said, “I’m Big Brother.” 
Quentin: “!!” 
He suddenly sneered, “Can you make up a more reliable identity for yourself if you really have to make one up? What a braggart! That’s so unrealistic!” 
Was there anyone who didn’t know that the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister and the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother were mortal enemies? Quinn and Irvin always fought whenever they met, which caused the two schools to be at constant loggerheads. 
Surely there was no way Big Sister would have a baby with Big Brother, right? 
Besides, he had merely casually dragged someone to form a team with him, and then randomly got another person to make up the numbers. Surely there was no way both Big Sister and Big Brother were
in his team, right? 
Yet Justin neither argued nor explained any further. Instead, he followed after Nora and called out, “Wait for me, Mom.” 
‘Mom’… 
He must be showing off that Big Sister had borne him a child, right? 
There was no doubt about it—he was definitely a man who had gotten to where he was by relying on his kid! 
Quentin followed Justin huffily, finding his entire self an eyesore. 
That night, Quentin fought extra hard. 
In addition, he also finally stopped caring about being in the limelight—just so he could perform well in front of Big Sister! 
After the two matches, Nora and Justin got ready to go home. 
Quentin followed Nora eagerly. “Shall I take you home, Big Sister?” 
“… No, it’s okay,” said Nora. 
For the first time, Quentin followed her out the door. “No, it’s not. Let me take you home.” 
Nora stopped and gave him a half-amused look. “No, it’s really okay.” 
Wouldn’t he see her car if he went to the car park? 
Although she disguised herself every time she came over, the car license plate number would still give her away if he were to see it.
Seeing how firmly she was refusing his offer, Quentin could only see her off obediently. 
After separating from Justin at the entrance, Nora found an inconspicuous area, changed back into her usual outfit, and took off her mask. Only then did she walk to her car. 
As soon as she reached the car park, she spotted Quentin looking at the front surreptitiously. 
Justin had already gotten into the car with Cherry. However, he didn’t see Big Sister even after he craned his neck… 
Nora stood behind him and looked at Justin’s car, too. She couldn’t help but click her tongue. 
She hadn’t noticed before, but Justin had actually driven over in an ordinary Volkswagen. The car was very inconspicuous, and the two of them kept their masks on even after they got into the car. 
Well, that made sense. He had to be cautious since he had brought the child here. 
But… 
Nora stroked her chin. It seemed like she should also disguise herself while she was out. There was always a risk of exposure here. 
Of course, the main reason was that she had been too lazy to change to a different car, ahem. 
While she was thinking about it, Quentin stood up straight. He even lowered his gaze and muttered to himself, “Just who exactly is Big Sister?” 
He turned to reenter the arena, but the moment he did, he instead saw Nora standing behind him. He got a huge shock at once.
He panicked. “Why are you here?” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Quentin straightened his back at once and went back to his usual dimwit self. He raised his chin and said proudly, “Are you looking for me? Do you feel unsafe just because I’m not at home? But do you know? It’s even more dangerous here!” 
Then, Quentin said, “Forget it, let’s go. I’ll take you home.” 
Nora: “…” 
When she followed Quentin to the car, she even heard him muttering, “What a load of trouble. She’s thrown a spanner in my works now. I wanted to tail that car in front to see who Big Sister is.” 
Upon hearing that, Nora’s words of rejection did a U-turn and she swallowed them back down. 
Mm, she’d better let Quentin escort her back home instead, lest he had the spare energy to tail Justin. 
… even though she was sure that Quentin wouldn’t succeed in tracking Justin, given his abilities. 
Nora drove her big black jeep, whereas Quentin hid amongst the crowd in an unknown car. The two returned to the Smiths’ one after the other. 
One must admit that Quentin was indeed skilled at tailing. Even someone like Nora could only sense that she was being tailed, yet couldn’t pinpoint Quentin’s location. 
After parking the car, Nora got out and went upstairs. Then, she took a shower and went to bed with Pete.
Unexpectedly, she heard a sharp cry early the next morning! 
Nora sat up abruptly. Before she even realized what was going on, someone suddenly knocked on her bedroom door. 
She frowned, got up unhappily, and went out. When she opened the door, she saw two police officers standing outside. One of them took out his badge and showed it to her. He said, “You are under suspicion of endangering a person’s life, Ms. Smith. Please follow us to the station and aid in our investigation.” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned and asked, “Whose life did I endanger?” 
Seeing how calm she was, the police officers exchanged a look. Then, they said, “The victim is Old Maddy, who lives in your home. He was found on his last breath in his room this morning. He’s very weak now, and has already been sent to the hospital! Someone called the police and said that it was caused by you practicing medicine without a license!” 
Old Maddy? 
Nora’s pupils shrank.. “That’s impossible!”
###Chapter 344: Something Happened!
Chapter 344: Something Happened! 
Yesterday morning, when she took Old Maddy’s pulse, it was still normal. Everything was under her control. How could he suddenly be on his last breath? 
She walked out and frowned. “I want to go to the hospital!” 
“Miss Smith.” 
The police stopped her. “Please cooperate with our investigation. You need to come to the police station with us right now.” 
Nora still wanted to say something, but the other person had already placed his hand on the gun at his waist. “Miss Smith, please come with us immediately. Otherwise, you will be interfering with our operations! We have the right to arrest you!” 
Nora clenched her fists and took a deep breath. 
Nora lowered her eyes and slowly said, “OK, I’ll come with you, but can I change my clothes first?” 
She was still wearing pajamas. 
The police officer nodded. “Yes, please.” 
After Nora closed the door, she took out her phone and sent Lily a message, asking her to come immediately. She contacted the doctor to look for the hospital where Old Maddy was and to ensure his safety.
After sending it, she called Tanya and told her to pick up Pete after school and take him to her place, in case Pete returned to the Smiths and found out that something had happened to her. 
After settling the two matters, she changed into her usual clothes and went out. 
When she went downstairs with the police, the hall was already filled with the servants. When they saw her, their eyes became furious. 
Yvonne looked worried as she looked at her. “Nora, I told you long ago not to experiment on Old Maddy. Did something happen?” 
Nora glanced at her and retracted her gaze. “I told you, I’m treating him.” 
Yvonne bit her lip. “Don’t worry. The Smiths won’t just watch you get into trouble. Besides, you’re Mr. Hunt’s girlfriend. The Hunts won’t ignore you either.” 
When she said this, Nora’s eyes instantly became sharp. 
No matter how she looked at it, this meant that the two families would fish her out. Was this confirming her crimes? 
She smiled mockingly. “No need. I believe the police will clear my name.” 
Yvonne choked on her words. 
When ordinary people were caught by the police, shouldn’t their first reaction be to cry for help? 
Why was Nora so calm?
While Yvonne was stunned, Florence pointed at her and cursed, “Miss Nora, why are you saying this to Miss Yvonne? This matter happened because of your treatment. Miss Yvonne is also concerned about you! If you didn’t do anything, how could anything have happened to Old Maddy?!” 
Her eyes were red from agitation. “Old Maddy is Mr. Smith’s friend! If anything happens to him, Mr. Smith will not let you off! You’re too much!!” 
Florence’s words made the servants at home feel sad. 
Everyone pointed at her. “That’s right. Old Maddy is also a member of the family! We’ve all worked for the Smiths for many years. The Smiths have always treated us like family. We’re not being used casually!” 
“Miss Yvonne has always treated us as humans too. How could she treat Old Maddy like that?! Does she know that Old Maddy’s life is important too! We should let the police investigate her!” 
“You say you’re a doctor, but aren’t you trying to make a name for yourself by using Old Maddy? But in the end, you’re just a quack!” 
The butler stood outside the door and looked at everything in the house. 
Logically speaking, after this matter happened, the butler should have immediately contacted Joel and the Smiths’ lawyer and gotten them to come over. They should have protected the daughter of the Smiths first. 
How could the daughter of the Smiths be taken away before the situation was clear? 
Then wouldn’t the Smiths lose face?!
However, the butler clenched his fists. 
He recalled going to Old Maddy’s room today and seeing that he was still in a deep sleep. When he walked over, he saw that his mouth and nose were bleeding, and his breathing was almost gone! 
The butler outside lowered his head for a moment. He did not look for anyone and just let the police take Nora away..
###Chapter 345: Saving People!
Chapter 345: Saving People! 
After the police took Nora away, Joel received the news and left the company to return home. 
As soon as he entered, he took the lead to shout at the butler. “Is anyone allowed to enter the Smiths’ main gate?” 
The butler hurriedly apologized. “Mr. Joel, Old Maddy almost died at that time. I was also worried about him, so I didn’t block them.” 
Joel glanced at him. 
Knowing that the butler usually had a good relationship with Old Maddy, he did not refute because he always felt that a home had to look like a home and not be cold as if everyone was a robot. 
He approved of the butler on this point. 
Joel asked, “How’s Old Maddy?” 
Without waiting for the butler to speak, Florence said anxiously, “He has been sent to the hospital. He’s still in the midst of emergency treatment, but he might not wake up. No one knows! Mr. Joel, what should we do now? If the old sir finds out about this, he’ll definitely be sad! He values Old Maddy very much!” 
Florence did not mention anything about Nora being taken away. Her mind was only filled with Ian’s safety. 
Joel lowered his eyes. 
Yvonne asked, “Joel, what about Nora?”
At the mention of her, Florence immediately said resentfully, “What can we do? We should let her suffer! That wild girl from California made such a mistake! That’s a life she was messing with! How dare she? If the old sir finds out about this, he definitely won’t let her off!” 
These words made Joel’s eyes turn cold. 
No matter how bad she was, she was still a member of the Smiths. 
The butler looked at Joel and coughed. “I think we shouldn’t be too anxious about Miss Nora’s matter. If Old Maddy recovers, then Miss Nora will naturally be fine and will be acquitted. But if something happens to Old Maddy, we can think of a way to save Miss Nora. Besides, this would also let the old sir vent his anger.” 
In other words, locking Nora in the police station was a form of punishment. 
Even if she was a Smith, she should be held responsible for causing the death of a patient! 
The Smiths could not break the law. This was a rule that had been set since Ian’s time. Therefore, no matter how rowdy the others were, like Warren and Louis, they did not dare to commit any crimes! 
Because if they were confirmed to have done something wrong, Ian would not care! 
When Joel heard this, he was silent for a while. 
If Nora was Ian’s daughter, even if she really made a mistake, he would immediately bail her out and wait for the case to be confirmed. 
But she was not. 
As he was thinking about this, his phone suddenly rang. He lowered his head to take a look and was suddenly stunned when he saw the number.
It was a number he had memorized by heart all these years. 
He frowned and picked up the call. 
As soon as the call went through, Tanya’s voice came from the other end. “Mr. Joel, I called you to ask what happened to Nora. I was in class just now. After seeing her message, I couldn’t get through to her.” 
Joel’s eyes darkened slightly as he briefly explained the situation. 
Tanya was silent for a long time before saying, “Nora’s medical skills are indeed very impressive. It’s impossible for such a medical accident to happen. This is definitely an accident. No matter what happens to her, Mr. Smith, you have to ensure her safety!” 
After saying that, she hesitated for a moment before saying, “If you can save Nora, I can teach Mia how to dance!” 
The words Joel was about to say were stuck in his throat. 
In Tanya’s eyes, was he such a man who did not even care about his cousin’s life? 
A bitter smile appeared on his lips. “Don’t worry. I won’t let anything happen to her.” 
After hanging up, Joel looked at the butler. “Contact the lawyer and bail Nora out first!” 
The butler lowered his eyes in disappointment and obediently said, “Yes.” 
Yvonne bit her lips. 
She was already like this, yet he still wanted to bail her out… It seemed like blood relations were indeed different.
However, no one expected that the butler would return half an hour later with unexpected news. 
With a complicated expression, he stared at Joel and said, “The lawyer went to the police station, but he didn’t expect them to say that Miss Nora can’t be bailed out.” 
Joel’s pupils shrank at these words. “Why?” 
The butler shook his head. “I don’t know. It seems like some power is involved. When the lawyer gets the medical test results, Miss Nora’s matter must go according to the normal procedures. Unless Old Maddy survives, it will be difficult for Miss Nora to be released this time.” 
There were other forces? 
In New York, other than the Hunts, was there anyone more powerful than the Smiths? 
Joel was certain that there was not. 
At least not openly. 
Unless the other party was… 
As he was thinking, the butler said, “Sir, do you think we should go through other channels or find someone?” 
The Smiths had a lot of connections. 
However, Joel seemed to have thought of something. His pupils constricted. “There’s no need. We’ll go to the hospital to see Old Maddy!” 
If that person had made a move, they would have to follow the proper procedures. 
When they arrived at the hospital, they realized that Old Maddy was still undergoing surgery. The lights were still on and he had not come out yet. 
The attending doctor waiting outside was very anxious. “Old Maddy’s nerves have been damaged. We can’t find the reason for his nose and mouth bleeding, but all his physical signs are going downhill. There’s nothing we can do!” 
Joel frowned. “Haven’t you seen such a situation before?” 
The attending doctor shook his head. “No… but I’ve heard of it!” 
Joel looked at the attending doctor. “Where have you heard of it?” 
The attending doctor said, “Many years ago, there was a woman overseas who was also bleeding from her mouth and nose for no reason. She was on her last breath. In the hospital, they had also checked all parts of her body, but they could not find any problems. In the end, it was Anti who saved her. Later on, Anti could not explain the reason either. It seemed to be caused by some imbalance in medicine…” 
Anti? 
It was this Anti again! 
Joel looked at the butler. “Contact Anti immediately and tell her to come and save Old Maddy!” 
“… Yes!” said the butler..
###Chapter 346: Captain Ford
Chapter 346: Captain Ford 
When the butler went to contact Anti, Joel frowned and stared at the operation theater. 
He made another call and invited all the specialists he could get from New York. 
During the specialist’s consultation, Joel stood at the side and did not interfere. This was not within his ability. His greatest strength was that he did not dabble in things he did not understand. 
After handing Old Maddy’s life to a trustworthy doctor, he picked up his phone and contacted the police. He wanted to find out what was going on with Nora and why she could not be bailed out. 
“Alright, help me find out. Thanks.” 
After hanging up another call, Joel took out his phone and prepared to call Justin. 
Since the Hunts could invite Anti, even if Joel did not want to admit that he was inferior to Justin, he had no choice but to ask the Hunts for help at this moment. 
But at this moment, Yvonne walked over. She looked at Joel and asked, “Joel, what can I help you with?” 
Joel looked at her and frowned. He was about to say that he did not need her for the time being when his phone suddenly rang. It was a friend he had asked for help. He had found out the reason why Nora could not be bailed out. 
Both sides were anxious, so he looked at Yvonne and said, “Contact Mr. Hunt immediately and tell him that Old Maddy is being treated and needs Anti’s help.”
He subconsciously felt that if Nora could inform Tanya before she was taken away by the police, then she must have also informed Justin. 
Yvonne’s pupils shrank at the mention of Justin. 
She nodded immediately. “Okay, answer the call first.” 
When Joel walked to the side to answer the call, she took out her phone and dialed Justin’s private number. 
Back then, the Hunts and the Smiths had both wanted to matchmake them, so it was very normal for her to have Justin’s number. 
The call was quickly picked up and she rejoiced secretly. She felt that Justin still had his eyes on her. Otherwise, why would he pick up her call? Justin’s deep voice resounded, “Yvonne, is something the matter?” 
When Justin saw the phone number, he did not want to pick it up. 
After all, he did not want to have anything to do with her. 
However, after thinking about it, he still picked up the call. He was afraid that Nora’s phone had run out of battery, and she was just borrowing Yvonne’s phone to call him. 
Yvonne’s heart sank at his distant words. 
She lowered her eyes and said slowly, “Yes, something happened. Nora treated the Smiths’ servant, Old Maddy, but he had an accident. Now, she has been taken away by the police.” 
Justin sensitively caught the main point. “How’s Old Maddy?”
Yvonne replied ambiguously, “All the medical teams of the Smiths are here, they’re treating him as we speak.” 
When Justin heard this, he said bluntly, “I’ll go to the police station.” 
With that, he hung up. 
Yvonne stared at her phone. 
Actually, the most important thing now was not to bail Nora out. It was just like when he first heard that Nora had been taken away, Joel’s first reaction was not to bail her out. 
As the police station was the safest place, nothing would happen to her if she stayed there. 
Old Maddy was the most important thing. 
After Joel found out about the entire matter, he quickly sent a doctor to the hospital. Otherwise, Old Maddy would have died long ago. 
Only if Old Maddy was alive, would Nora be released. 
Even if Justin went to the police station to deal with them, it might not be of much use! Instead, it would waste time! 
Yvonne clenched her hands into fists and lowered her gaze, hiding the viciousness and hatred in her eyes. 
Elsewhere. 
Joel was picking up the call. “Who did you say won’t bail her out?”
His contact was on the other end of the line, and his voice was very low. “It’s Captain Ford.” 
Captain Ford… Morris? 
It was as he had expected. 
Only Morris had the ability to do so! 
But why would Morris target Nora? 
Joel narrowed his eyes. “What’s going on?” 
The other party sighed secretly. “This is confidential. Forget it, I’ll tell you. Captain Ford has given an order to the police station.. He will personally investigate all the cases involving Miss Nora! Especially when it involves…”
###Chapter 347: Things Are Not Simple
Chapter 347: Things Are Not Simple 
The person on the other end paused before continuing, “… When a life is on the line, bail cannot be granted. He’s worried that Miss Nora will escape after being bailed out.” 
Escape… 
Joel frowned. 
This order should not have been given for an ordinary girl. It was more suitable to be given to fugitives and murderers! 
They were afraid that she would find an opportunity to escape. Once she was arrested, she would be detained for 24 hours and would not be let go of. 
What was Nora’s identity? 
— 
The interrogation room in the police station was cold. It was surrounded by metal walls and doors. 
The two police officers stared at the woman sitting opposite them. One of them slowly said, “Miss Nora, even if you don’t admit it, Old Maddy is indeed on the verge of death. If something happens to him, you won’t have a good time!” 
However, the woman was lying on the chair made for interrogation. She had her head tilted and her eyes closed as she pretended to sleep.
The two police officers looked at each other. One of them couldn’t help but frown. “I know. Are you stalling for time? Waiting for the Smiths’ lawyer to bail you out? But even so, you hurt his life. Don’t you have anything to say?” 
As a police officer, he hated these people from wealthy families who treated human lives as nothing. 
The two police officers were very righteous. 
They saw Old Maddy being taken away by the ambulance with their own eyes and heard the housekeeper and servants of the Smiths say that Nora insisted on treating Old Maddy. 
They even found long silver needles in Old Maddy’s residence. 
Everyone had heard of acupuncture. They were used in alternative medicine. 
But they had never seen any needles that long… 
In particular, Captain Ford had specially instructed that if Nora was ever involved with someone’s life, she must be detained and watched. 
This meant that she was definitely a dangerous person. 
Therefore, the two of them looked at Nora fiercely. “Miss Nora, please cooperate with our investigation!” 
Nora still did not speak. 
At this moment, she heard footsteps at the door. 
It was the sound of leather boots stepping on the floor. The person’s every step was powerful as he stopped at the entrance of the interrogation room.
The two police officers hurriedly stood up and opened the door. 
Creak. 
The door was opened and Morris stood there like an ice cube. 
His pitch-black eyes were filled with coldness. Just by standing there, one could feel fear, as if the black- faced King of Hell had descended. 
The two police officers greeted him respectfully, “Captain Ford.” 
Morris nodded and walked in. As he entered, he checked the dossier in his hand. It was obvious that he was looking at this case. He asked, “What’s the situation now?” 
“The suspect has not confessed. She insisted that she was indeed treating the victim.” 
The police officer replied. 
Morris nodded again. He walked to the front of the interrogation room and sat down. Only then did he look up at Nora. 
His dark eyes made it difficult for others to read his mind, but the gaze he used to stare at Nora was cold. “Miss Nora, are you waiting for the Smiths’ lawyer or the Hunts’ lawyer? They can’t come in. Now, I need you to cooperate with our investigation.” 
When Nora saw him, she slowly sat up straight. 
She narrowed her eyes and finally sensed that something was different.
She had originally thought that it would at most be an issue of practicing medicine without any certification, but as long as she took out the proof of Anti’s identity, everything would be fine. 
But she did not expect it to involve Morris. 
This man was not an ordinary police officer! He belonged to a mysterious special department! 
This special department seemed to have a very high status in New York. Looking at the two police officers’ attitudes toward Morris and the team leader waiting respectfully at the door for Morris’s instructions, one could tell. 
Nora raised her eyes. Under her long eyelashes, her eyes gradually became serious. “Captain Ford, what do you want to ask?” 
Morris was very pleased with her cooperation. He asked directly, “May I ask, how did you treat him? Did you use any drugs? If you did, you need to give us the names of these drugs. We need to do a detailed examination..”
###Chapter 348: Yvonne is About to be Exposed
Chapter 348: Yvonne is About to be Exposed 
Drugs? 
Nora could sense that Morris seemed very serious about this case. 
She lowered her eyes and said seriously, “Old Maddy’s nerves have been damaged a little, causing him to be weak and not suitable for medication. Therefore, I’ve been using acupuncture.” 
Morris was stunned. “Acupuncture?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Nora slowly sat up straight. 
Morris pursed his lips. “Are you sure you didn’t use any other drugs to help with the treatment?” 
“No.” 
“Okay.” Morris stood up. “Miss Nora, I’ll have to trouble you to stay here for the time being. We’ll go look for Old Maddy to get evidence.” 
“Captain Ford, I need to see Old Maddy and treat him,” Nora insisted. 
Morris lowered his eyes. “It’s not convenient for you to go out now.” 
Nora frowned. “Then you can go and take a look at Old Maddy’s condition. If he is really at the brink of death, please let me out.” 
Brink of death…
Morris looked up at her. “Are you really a doctor?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Nora let the other party size her up. “I’m Anti.” 
At this time, she could no longer hide her identity. 
Morris was clearly surprised. “You’re Anti?” 
Nora nodded. 
Morris was silent for a moment and did not leave. However, he sat down again. “As far as I know, Anti only became famous overseas in the past five years. May I ask how many years Miss Nora has been studying medicine?” 
Nora leaned back in her chair. Her eyes drooped and she looked very sleepy. “24 years.” 
She had been studying medicine since she was young. 
However, her studies were more complicated. There was alternative medicine and modern medicine. 
Morris was stunned. “From what I know, most surgeons are old and have experienced some cases. How many years has Miss Nora been a practicing doctor?” 
Practicing doctor? 
Nora smiled. “Five years.” 
Could a doctor become a top surgeon in five years? 
Moreover, it was not that Anti had gained a small amount of fame. This person had suddenly appeared and become famous overseas. In other words, Nora had just arrived overseas and had already become
a famous surgeon. 
Any surgery would require a lot of practice. 
Morris pursed his lips and suddenly said, “Miss Nora, can you tell me what bizarre things have happened to you?” 
Bizarre things? 
Nora held her chin with both hands. “Does being pregnant with two children for no reason count?” 
Morris was speechless. 
He grimaced. “What about the rest?” 
Nora spread her hands. “That’s all.” 
Morris suddenly said, “Miss Nora, don’t you think your talent in medicine is a little shocking?” 
How was this shocking? 
She had been fast since elementary school, including other aspects, but she had learned everything steadily. 
Nora looked at Morris. “Captain Ford, being smart isn’t anything strange, is it? Since ancient times, there have been many smart people. In ancient China, Gan Luo was crowned when he was just a 12-year-old child. Wouldn’t you agree?” 
Morris was speechless.
After failing to give her a reasonable explanation, Morris stood up. “I’m going to the hospital to check on Old Maddy.” 
— 
In the hospital. 
Yvonne looked at the doctors entering and exiting the operation theater. Everyone was trying their best to extend Old Maddy’s life. 
But these people were going in the wrong direction. 
Old Maddy was not sick or had his nerves damaged. 
He was actually… poisoned. 
Yvonne took a deep breath. 
The pill she had told Florence about back then was not a Carefree Pill at all. It was a kind of poison. After entering the human body, it would automatically enter the blood. 
Unless a very accurate instrument was used, it could not be detected. 
Meanwhile, when the doctors were working hard to save Old Maddy, they would always consider it from the perspective that Nora was the one who had harmed him. They would never think of poison. 
After Old Maddy died, the toxic molecules in his blood would slowly disappear, making it even harder to find out. 
As Yvonne was thinking about this, she saw Morris walking over with a group of forensic scientists. He immediately gave an order. “I want all the data on Old Maddy’s body!” 
“Yes, Captain Ford.” 
With this response, everyone dispersed and participated in the rescue work. 
However, there were a few people who did not resuscitate him. Instead, they were recording all the data on Old Maddy. 
Some people had even drawn a few tubes of Old Maddy’s blood. 
Yvonne clenched her fists tightly. 
What was going on? 
In another hour or so, the poison would be out of the blood. Now that the blood had been preserved, wouldn’t it be troublesome if they were to investigate? 
Everything had been going well. No one would have thought that Old Maddy had been poisoned. 
But what was wrong with this Captain Ford who had appeared out of nowhere?!
###Chapter 349: Big Sister Didn’t Come~
Chapter 349: Big Sister Didn’t Come~ 
“Captain Ford, it’s done,” said the medical examiner respectfully as he walked over to Morris with Old Maddy’s blood samples. 
Morris stood with his hands behind him in a standard militant’s stance. He nodded and said, “Send his blood samples for inspection immediately, and check if he has taken any medication recently! Notify me immediately if you find any abnormalities.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
The few medical examiners hurried off after receiving their orders. Morris stared at the operation theater. 
Right now, he didn’t actually care whether or not Old Maddy would survive, let alone whether or not Nora was really practicing medicine without a license, or whether or not this was an incident of medical malpractice. What he cared about was… 
“Captain Ford, aren’t you guys making a too big a fuss over this?” Joel walked over, his attitude neither lowly nor overbearing. 
Morris’ tone became more polite when he saw him. “I have to prioritize the Smiths’ affairs, after all. We mustn’t wrong Ms. Smith.” 
Joel was smiling, but his fox-like eyes were full of suspicion and perplexity. “I don’t think it’s because of the Smiths, is it?” 
Morris continued to stand ramrod straight. He stared straight ahead of him, and he looked very serious and very strict. He nodded. “I don’t understand what you’re trying to say, Mr. Smith. Don’t you want us to investigate this thoroughly?”
Joel frowned. 
Even now, he still firmly believed that there weren’t any problems with Nora. She was just treating a mentally ill patient; even if she didn’t manage to cure him, her treatment would never cause his death. 
There must be some kind of misunderstanding. 
He straightened his back and replied, “Of course, not. The Smiths will never condone criminals.” 
Morris nodded. “The Smiths have always had a strict upbringing.” 
Joel stared at Morris. 
To be honest, the two had already interacted with each other before. Although Morris had also been awfully serious previously, he wasn’t pedantic. 
His relationships with the Smiths and the Hunts were also pretty good. 
But unexpectedly, he hadn’t given them even the slightest hint about the incident this time. 
Joel knew that what his little cousin was involved in was definitely no simple incident. It was probably related to something even more serious. 
In the distance, Yvonne stared at Morris far away from her. 
If one were to talk about the best bachelors in New York, one would be Justin and the other—Morris. 
Although he was just a police officer, in truth, he was actually part of a special department with extremely high authority. No one knew what kind of case exactly he was investigating, but his identity was definitely not a simple one.
Of course, it was also because of this same sense of mystery around Morris that no one dared to pursue him. 
Moreover, Morris didn’t have time for romance, either. 
Yvonne had once thought about it—if things were impossible between her and Justin, then Morris was also an option. 
She had dispelled all of those thoughts now, though. 
She stared at the door nervously, only hoping for the outcome to be revealed soon. 
— 
Meanwhile, at the Smiths’. 
The sky had gradually darkened. 
A figure darted into the car park at the Smiths’ back door. 
Louis stood there sneakily and looked around. He cupped his hands around his mouth like a trumpet and shouted, “Quentin! Quentin!” 
But even after shouting for a long time, he didn’t see anyone. 
Louis frowned and pouted. “Where has Quentin gone?” 
He’d only just said that when he heard someone approaching in a hurry. He got such a huge shock that he quickly darted behind a car. Right after he did, he saw Maureen and Warren coming over in a hurry. 
Louis breathed a sigh of relief when he saw them. He called out softly, “Warren, Maureen. Where are you guys going this late at night?”
Upon hearing his voice, Warren and Maureen immediately asked, “Why are you here?” 
Louis went up nervously to the two of them and said with dissatisfaction, “Of course, it’s because I heard that Nora’s in trouble. Don’t things go wrong during medical treatments in hospitals all the time? How did it come to this? Also, Joel still hasn’t bailed Nora out… It must be because she isn’t Uncle Ian’s daughter!” 
He sounded angrier and angrier as he spoke. “What’s wrong with Joel? Even if Nora’s mother betrayed Uncle Ian and went with Uncle Ryan instead, what does this have to do with Nora? We finally have a rich person… pooh, I mean, a girl in the family now, how can he do that?” 
Warren was very much in agreement with him. He said, “You’re right! I don’t think Joel handled this well, either! He must be looking at things from Uncle Ian’s perspective instead. Besides, it’s not like you don’t know what Joel is like…” 
Louis nodded. “Yeah, he always looks like he’s smiling, but is there anyone who doesn’t know that he’s the most underhanded person ever? He doesn’t even pay any attention to us, let alone to Nora. Joel may not want to care about her, but we can’t ignore her!” 
“Yes, we must do something!” Warren said, “Maureen and I are planning to go to Maureen’s family and ask them to get a lawyer to bail Nora out first.” 
Louis nodded. “I see. C’mon, let’s go! I’ll come with you guys! Now that Nora is in trouble, I mustn’t just stand by and watch. Warren, you can contribute in terms of strength while I… I…” 
“Pay?” asked Warren. 
Louis hugged his wallet at once. “I don’t have that kind of money! I’ll offer myself instead! Surely I can run errands, right?”
Warren: “…” 
The few of them were about to set off when a figure suddenly appeared in front of the car. The person was in the shadows, so they couldn’t get a good look at them at all. 
Despite that, when Louis saw the figure, he exclaimed in surprise, “Quentin!” 
Warren also looked over. 
Although Quentin was younger than Warren, his status in the family had faintly surpassed Warren’s after Ian put him in charge of the Smiths’ secret forces. 
He was capable, so everyone went to Quentin whenever they were in trouble yet dared not approach Joel about it. 
Quentin’s arms were folded. His chin was raised slightly and there was a little impatience on his countenance. He said, “Can you guys be a little smarter?” 
Louis and Warren both felt that it was normal for him to reprimand them. “What’s wrong?” They asked. 
Quentin let out a cold snort and replied, “There’s no way Joel would leave her on her own. Even if she isn’t Uncle Ian’s daughter, she’s still a Smith. Joel is someone very protective of his own, so he’s already sent someone to bail her out a long time ago!” 
Louis was puzzled. “Then why isn’t Nora back yet?” 
Quentin curled his lips disdainfully. “Of course, it’s because he didn’t succeed in bailing her out. The incident must be related to other things. We mustn’t act rashly!” 
Louis flipped out. “Then are we supposed to just let Nora continue being detained?”
“… It’s not like they’ll starve her or deny her water in the police station. What’s the big deal about being detained for a few days? What are you so anxious for?” 
Louis was furious. “How can you say that? If it were the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts locked up in there, would you still be that calm?” 
“… As if Big Sister would ever be locked up in there!” 
Big Sister was probably in a match at the moment! 
For that woman’s sake, he hadn’t even gone to the tournament today. 
Quentin picked up his cell phone and dialed Linda’s number. He said, “If you see Big Sister, please tell her that I won’t be able to go to the tournament today.” 
The two had exchanged numbers after Quentin unintentionally overheard the Quinn School of Martial Arts disciples’ chat the other day. This way, it would be convenient if they had to contact each other. 
Linda said, “But…” 
Quentin interrupted her. “I know we may be disqualified if I don’t go, but please ask for Big Sister’s understanding for me. I really have something on today.” 
“That’s not what I’m talking about. What I mean is…” 
Quentin interrupted her again. “What you want to say is that given Big Sister’s status, the tournament will definitely allow a team with fewer members to fight a team with more members, right? That’s fine, too. In any case, just relay the message to her for me.” 
“…” Linda had panicked by then. She said, “Can you let me finish?”
“Go ahead,” said Quentin. 
“It seems like Big Sister isn’t here tonight, either!” 
Quentin: “”
###Chapter 350: I’m Here To Take My Fiancée With Me!
Chapter 350: I’m Here To Take My Fiancée With Me! 
Big Sister wasn’t there, either? 
Where did she go? 
After Quentin, whose mind was full of question marks, hung up, he saw Louis and Warren looking at him eagerly and waiting for him to make the decision. 
Quentin frowned. “When Joel went to bail her out, they gave him a very strange reason for rejecting the bail request, which made me feel that Nora must have gotten herself in trouble.” 
Next to him, Louis exclaimed, “Surely she didn’t really cheat someone of money, did she?!” 
Quentin and Warren both looked at him. “What are you talking about?” 
Louis said with certainty, “Think about it—she’s just someone from a small town in California. How could she possibly own a card with no credit limit? I already found it very strange that time. Maybe she’s involved in a fraud syndicate!” 
Warren and Maureen looked at each other. 
Maureen also stroked her chin and said hesitantly, “Now that you put it that way, Nora also knows a relatively impressive hacker called Solo!” 
“Solo?” 
Quentin frowned. “I know that guy. He’s an international hacker who’s on a wanted list overseas! Why is Nora involved with him?”
Maureen and Warren looked at each other. 
Louis came to a conclusion. “It’s all over. It looks like Nora is gonna be involved in other kinds of trouble even without the medical malpractice incident this time! Besides, I heard that Old Maddy’s situation isn’t looking good!” 
Warren nodded. “It’s precisely because we heard that Old Maddy is still unconscious that Maureen and I are so anxious. On top of that, his vitals are slowly declining… His organs are already beginning to fail! That’s why we were trying to think of a solution. Sigh!” 
Louis said, “It’s over, it’s all over! From the start, Uncle Ian disliked Nora, yet she’s gotten herself in so much trouble now… Quentin, what should we do?” 
“… There’s only one way out now,” said Quentin. 
“What is it?” 
“Breaking her out of prison.” 
“…” 
— 
At the police station. 
After patrolling the hospital for a while, Morris came back to continue interrogating Nora. 
Nora was still sitting like a big boss. She leaned against the chair, stared at him, and said, “You’ve looked into everything, right? So, can I go to the hospital to save my patient now?” 
Morris, who had a huge frown on his face, stared at the woman in front of him.
His men had indeed investigated what had happened, and also questioned the Smiths’ servants. All of them testified that Nora hadn’t used any drugs when she was treating Old Maddy. Instead, she had performed acupuncture on him. 
He looked at Nora sternly. “You’re not allowed to leave until we have an outcome with the investigations.” 
Nora’s eyes darkened a little. 
Her voice gradually became cold. “Captain Ford, I don’t know what you’re investigating, but someone is waiting for me to save his life right now! The more time you waste here, the higher the likelihood that Old Maddy isn’t going to survive!” 
Morris’ expression remained unchanged. He said, “There are so many doctors in the hospital, Ms. Smith. Our medical examiners have also hurried over. I heard that the Hunts have also sent doctors over. It doesn’t seem like there will be any problem even if you aren’t there.” 
Nora frowned and gradually became impatient. “So, is Captain Ford going to take responsibility if he dies?” 
She had already been detained for more than six hours. 
In other words, she had been repeatedly interrogated by a stream of people, and hadn’t slept for six hours! 
Her physical discomfort was gradually making her irritable. 
Morris, however, stared hard at her and said, “It seems to me that what Ms. Smith wants isn’t to go over and treat the patient but to take the opportunity to escape, right?” 
The frowning Nora was perplexed. “If you don’t trust me, then ask your men to go with me!”
Morris sneered, “If I let you leave, Ms. Smith, I’m afraid even my men won’t be able to hold you back.” 
After all, they had already been fooled once twenty years ago! 
Nora was lost for words. 
She’d clearly had a pretty good impression of Morris when she interacted with him previously, but for some reason, his attitude had changed drastically this time. 
Morris had tried to sound her out previously, but he had also indirectly protected her. However, he was completely hostile and was also treating her like she was a murderer now. 
What had happened? 
She didn’t understand. However, she wasn’t interested in figuring it out at the moment, either. She stood up and said, “Captain Ford, I am Old Maddy’s attending doctor. Now that something has happened to him, I am obligated to treat him! If you continue to detain me, then don’t blame me if I don’t hold back anymore!” 
Nora flexed her wrists as she spoke. 
Her personality had always been this way. Once she lost her temper, she didn’t give two hoots about anything anymore. Even if this was the police station, it wasn’t going to stop her from going out to treat Old Maddy! 
Morris sneered at the stance she had taken. He asked unhurriedly, “And how exactly are you planning to not hold back, Ms. Smith?” 
Together with his words, the two men beside him immediately took out their guns and pointed them at Nora.
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Right at this moment, a deep and aggressive voice suddenly came from the door. “Captain Ford, don’t you think you owe me an explanation for treating my fiancée like that?” 
As the voice rang out, someone suddenly opened the door. 
Justin appeared at the door. The big and tall man stood right there, the aura around him increasing sharply and weighing down on Morris. 
Morris got up when he saw him, though he was neither lowly nor overbearing. “Mr. Hunt.” 
Justin had already strode into the room. 
Behind Justin was a veteran lawyer from the Hunts. He had never lost any of the cases he took over the years. 
Morris and Justin stood face to face. The two men were equally matched, neither of them losing out to the other in momentum. 
Justin glanced at Nora, who was standing at the other side. There was nothing wrong with her, except that her docile-looking almond-shaped eyes that usually looked a little lazy were looking a little angry. 
This made the look in Justin’s eyes turn even colder. He looked straight at Morris and said, “Captain Ford, shouldn’t you give me an explanation for detaining my fiancée without any reason?” 
Morris cast his eyes down but remained very aggressive. He replied, “My apologies, Mr. Hunt, but your fiancée is involved in a confidential case. I am not at liberty to disclose any information.”
Justin narrowed his sharp eyes. “Captain Ford, perhaps there’s one thing you don’t understand—Ms. Smith is my fiancée; she’s not someone whom you can just arrest so casually.. If you can’t produce any actual evidence, then I’m taking my fiancée with me! “
###Chapter 351: Secrets
Chapter 351: Secrets 
Both the Hunts and the Smiths were powerful families. If one wanted to arrest anyone from the two families, they needed evidence. They weren’t allowed to just use a random excuse to detain them. 
Their reason for detaining Nora today was medical malpractice. 
However, given how they were still in the midst of trying to save Old Maddy, it was indeed too much to imprison his attending doctor. 
Moreover, the doctor in question was even Justin’s fiancée. 
The captain of the police station was already pacing back and forth nervously at the door. 
He had Morris on one hand and Justin on the other. Neither of them was a person he could mess with. How was he supposed to wrap up the incident? 
While he was thinking about it, Morris said aggressively, “My apologies, Mr. Hunt, but you are not allowed to take her with you until Old Maddy’s blood report is out.” 
A blood report… 
A puzzled Justin cast a glance at Nora. Nevertheless, he remained as aggressive as ever as he said, “I don’t care what you’re investigating, Captain Ford, I’m here to bail my fiancée out. If you can’t produce any evidence that she has committed a crime, then you have to let her go. I should think that my fiancée has the right to be released on bail! Or do you intend to deprive her of her rights as a citizen of the United States?” 
His words shut Morris up.
Seeing that he couldn’t say anything anymore, Justin walked toward Nora and grabbed her hand. He said, “Captain Ford, if you have nothing else to say, then we’re leaving.” 
However, Morris stopped them as the two reached the door. He looked at Nora firmly and said, “I repeat, Ms. Smith is not allowed to leave the police station until Old Maddy’s blood report is out!” 
Justin frowned and took a step forward. 
Morris immediately warned him coldly, “Mr. Hunt, you have always been a law-abiding model citizen! I am completely authorized to arrest Nora Smith. Are you planning to assault the police and break her out?” 
Assaulting the police and breaking someone out… Both charges, no matter which, were extremely serious ones! 
Justin sneered, “Just what exactly is happening—you detaining my fiancée for no reason, or me breaking her out?” 
The two went head-to-head with each other! For a while, the interrogation room was filled with pin-drop silence. 
Even though they didn’t do anything, everyone could nevertheless feel just how tense the two of them were. It was as if they would draw their guns the very next moment! 
The captain of the police station rushed in and stood in between the two men at this point. He said, “Captain Ford, Mr. Hunt, calm down. Let’s calm down and talk it out…” 
He looked at Morris and said, “Captain Ford, w-why don’t you show him the arrest warrant…? It would be terrible if Mr. Hunt really misunderstands!” 
His words took both Nora and Justin by surprise.
An arrest warrant? 
If an arrest warrant really existed, then Morris would be justified in detaining Nora! 
But if he had an arrest warrant, then why hadn’t he presented it from the start? 
Was he trying to keep the case he was investigating a secret? After all, the warrant would specify why exactly he was arresting Nora!! 
While the two of them were musing, Morris let out a ‘hmph’. He stared at them for very long before he finally asked, “Are you sure you want to see the warrant?” 
Justin didn’t speak. Instead, he looked at Nora. 
Both of them had come to understand at this moment that Nora had indeed become involved in some kind of conspiracy. If they refrained from looking at the warrant, behaved, and waited for Old Maddy’s blood test results to be out and prove her innocence, then perhaps she would be able to extricate herself from the case. 
But once they looked at the arrest warrant, they would become caught up in the case. 
A case that Morris had set as Class SSS in confidentiality would undoubtedly be an extraordinary one. 
Nora kept quiet for a moment before she said, “I’ll look at it.” 
Her mother had told her a long time ago that she mustn’t reveal how talented she was because it would bring her trouble. 
From the looks of it, this might be the origin of all the unknown danger and trouble she was in.
Morris frowned. After staring at her for a while, he finally put his hand in his pocket. Nora stared at him closely. 
She knew that once he took out the arrest warrant, she would come to know all the secrets that her mother had hidden from her for so long. 
She was very curious.. Just what had made her mother run away from home and hide in California back then?
###Chapter 352: Go!
Chapter 352: Go! 
Morris took out a document from his pocket and was about to unfold it for her to see when someone suddenly ran in. 
He was wearing casual clothes. After entering, he ran straight to Morris. The man was panting from running. He held a blood report in his hand and said, “Captain Ford, we found abnormalities in Old Maddy’s blood!” 
As soon as he said this, Morris’s pupils shrank. He stuffed the arrest warrant back into his pocket and took Old Maddy’s blood report. His gaze instantly became sharp. 
He turned to look at Justin and moved the report in his hand before saying, “Mr. Hunt, we’ve detected an unknown component in Old Maddy’s blood. I have enough evidence to suspect that Miss Nora is involved in a deliberate murder. Now, do you have nothing to say?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes and said slowly in a magnetic voice, “What right do you have to use unknown components as evidence of murder? Captain Ford’s evidence is too far-fetched!” 
Morris said domineeringly, “Indeed, but there are further findings in the case. We can detain Miss Nora for another 24 hours. I believe that in 24 hours, our medical examiner will definitely be able to find out what this unknown component is and whether it’s Miss Nora’s doing. However, Miss Nora cannot be bailed out now!” 
After saying this domineeringly, he waved his hand and the surrounding police officers slowly approached. 
Justin frowned.
Nora also hesitated. “I didn’t use any medicine on him. You can verify this because every time I treat him, the butler is always at the scene. Now, if there’s an unknown component in his blood, I suspect that Old Maddy was poisoned by someone!” 
She realized the seriousness of Old Maddy’s current condition. 
When she was arrested in the morning, she thought that Old Maddy was reacting differently to the treatment, so she immediately arranged for Lily to return and take over the treatment. 
But if there was an unknown component in his blood… Old Maddy was in danger! 
She looked directly at Justin. “What’s the situation with Old Maddy now?” 
Ever since she was detained, she had lost contact with the outside world. 
When Justin came over, he had already sent the Hunts’ medical team to the hospital to help with the treatment. When he heard this, he called his medical team. 
The call was picked up quickly, and the medical team’s nervous voice could be heard on the other end. “Mr. Hunt, we’ve already arrived at the hospital and looked at the patient. But we can’t find out the cause of the patient’s illness at all. Every organ in his body is rapidly failing. If this continues, the patient won’t live for long!” 
He did not have much time left! 
Justin immediately asked, “How long can you guys keep him alive?” 
“Two hours,” the other party said. “We’ve communicated with the Smiths’ medical team. Currently, only Anti can treat this illness. If Anti can’t reach the hospital in half an hour, the patient might not be able to recover.”
Anti? 
Justin grabbed his phone, feeling anxious. Why didn’t the Smiths tell him about Anti when they informed him about this? 
If they did, Nora would already be in the hospital now! 
When his medical team arrived and discovered the problem, two hours had already been wasted! 
Justin was furious. He knew that the Smiths had neglected Nora, but his expression was still terrifyingly calm at this moment. He replied, “I understand.” 
After hanging up, Justin looked at Morris. “I’m sure you heard that only Anti can treat the patient now, so I have to take her to the hospital!” 
Morris stood in front of him. “She has only been a doctor for five years, yet she already has the ability to solve problems that no one else can? I think this is all part of your plan. As soon as Miss Nora leaves the police station, she will be jointly arranged to leave the country by the Smiths and Hunts, right? Therefore, Miss Nora cannot leave!” 
Justin was furious. “Are you going to be responsible if something happens to the patient?” 
“I’ll be responsible.” Morris stubbornly widened his eyes. 
Nora clenched her hands into fists. 
It would probably take half an hour to get to the hospital from here. 
Convincing this person in front of her now would probably take even more time.
Old Maddy could not die. 
It was not that she could not wash herself clean after he died. After all, the unknown composition in his blood would be discovered sooner or later. Whoever had poisoned him could be found out. 
However, Old Maddy knew her mother. She still wanted to treat his illness so that he could tell her what had happened to her mother back then! 
Furthermore, if she had not wanted to treat Old Maddy, he would not have suffered such a disaster. 
Nora took a deep breath and took a step forward slowly. Her aura changed at this moment. Her eyes were sharp and cold. “Captain Ford, are you letting me go or not?” 
Morris frowned. The surrounding police officers also took out their pistols and aimed them at Nora. 
Morris narrowed his eyes. “Miss Nora, this is a police station. I advise you not to act recklessly.” 
Nora stared at him. 
Just as she was about to explode, someone suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
Nora was stunned. She turned around and saw Justin shaking his head at her. “This is a police station. You can’t fight your way out.” 
“…” 
Of course, Nora knew that she could not fight her way out, but it was not her style to just sit there and wait for Old Maddy to die! 
She took a deep breath and was about to speak when Justin sighed. “Anyway, Captain Ford will be responsible for Old Maddy’s death, so it has nothing to do with you.”
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and was about to say something when Justin warned, “Don’t mess around.” 
Nora: “!” 
She was so angry that her head was about to explode. 
However, the next moment, Justin suddenly attacked! 
His movements were as fast as lightning. While the police had their guard down, he rushed in front of Morris. 
Morris’ reaction was fast. He had been trained for many years and was already a top figure. 
However, he was not as fast as Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother. 
Irvin School of Martial Arts was famous for its speed! In all of the martial arts world, their disciples were the fastest!! 
When he came back to his senses, the gun in his hand had already been snatched away by Justin and was pressed against his head. 
“Don’t shoot!” 
“Don’t move!” 
The entire police station was instantly in chaos. All the police officers took out their guns and aimed them at Justin, while the bodyguards Justin had brought with him stood in front of him. 
The bodyguards were unarmed and could only use their bodies to block him.
Morris was being threatened, but he was still calm. His voice was as steady as ever. “Mr. Hunt, what are you doing?” 
Justin’s face was still cold. He lowered his eyes slightly. “Captain Ford, a life is at stake. I’m sorry.” 
After saying this, he looked at an extremely stunned Nora and said, “Go!”
###Chapter 353: Ridiculous Family
Chapter 353: Ridiculous Family 
The surrounding police officers immediately looked at Nora. Just as they were about to rush over and restrain her, Justin’s calm voice sounded. “Captain Ford, if you dare to stop her, don’t blame me for being rude.” 
Morris pursed his lips. 
He did not move. His gaze was glued on Nora, still standing at the same spot. His eyes were filled with deep thoughts. 
After a moment, he slowly said, “Let her go.” 
With that, everyone around moved aside. 
Nora clenched her hands into fists. 
She never expected Justin to do such a thing for her. 
Kidnapping Captain Ford was a serious crime! 
In her opinion, her relationship with Justin involved only the two children! 
Nora did not think further. She turned her head and walked out decisively. 
She took a step and sped up. In the end, she ran out. 
Morris stared at her, his eyes filled with anger. He sneered, “Mr. Hunt, do you know what you’re doing?” 
Justin replied slowly, “I know.”
“Then do you know that the only way to get to the hospital from here is by driving a sports car?” 
Justin continued, “I know.” 
Morris smiled coldly. “Mr. JHunt, are you really so sure that she’s not guilty? And she’s going to the hospital? Aren’t you afraid that she’ll make you spend the rest of your life in prison if she escapes?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “I believe her.” 
These words made Morris pause. 
After a moment, Morris lowered his eyes. “Do you know? My mother once said the same thing.” 
Justin was a little taken aback. “What?” 
Morris said calmly, “25 years ago, Yvette Anderson was suspected of murder. She deceived my mother in the name of treating a patient. Guess what happened after my mother let her out?” 
Justin frowned. 
Morris said slowly, “She ran away, and my mother was held accountable for her actions. Now, she has been disbanded and returned to the fields. What will happen to you, who has attacked a police captain because of Nora?” 
Justin lowered his eyes, hiding his emotions. His voice was still calm and without any hesitation or doubt. “I told you, I trust her. Captain Ford, please cooperate for two hours.” 
Morris sneered. “Even if I cooperate, do you think there are no other police officers in New York? Do you think she can really reach the hospital safely?” 
Nora was escaping on her own.
The moment she left the police station, she would be seen by the other police officers in the special department. Then, she would become a wanted criminal! 
— 
At the entrance of the police station. 
Four heads popped out from the back of a black car. They were Quentin, Louis, Warren, and Maureen. 
The four of them stared nervously at the door. 
Warren stammered, “Re-really? We’re breaking her out?” 
Louis didn’t care. “That’s all we can do now. What else can we do?” 
Warren: “This… this isn’t good, right? I haven’t made such a huge mistake before. Will Uncle Ian let us off?” 
Louis sneered. “The three sons of the Smiths are all here. Why won’t he care about us?” 
Warren paused and told the truth. “Other than Joel, Uncle Ian only looks at Quentin twice. Do the two of us have any weight in his eyes?” 
Louis: “… Warren, can you not speak the truth right now?” 
“…” 
Quentin, who was listening to the two of them, twitched his lips and said coldly, “What are you afraid of?” 
He controlled the dark forces and had been in tricky situations many times.
But actually, he was also panicking. 
After all, the Smiths were all law-abiding citizens. Back then, when Uncle Ian handed over the underground power to him, he had only instructed him not to break the law. 
What they did, what they investigated in secret, and who they protected were all at the edge of the law. 
Could they do something so illegal like this? 
As he was thinking about this, the police station suddenly became chaotic. 
Everyone saw the police officer at the door suddenly take out a gun and enter the police station. 
Maureen asked in fear, “What’s wrong?” 
Louis hesitated as well. “Did Nora escape?” 
Warren instantly patted his head. “Can you use your brain? With your cousin’s frail body, how could she have caused such a huge ruckus escaping from prison?” 
Louis touched his head. “You’re right…” 
With this sentence, Nora ran out of the police station. 
The girl’s figure was thin, and the hair tie had fallen somewhere. At this moment, her beautiful hair was scattered behind her, she looked valiant and beautiful. 
As she walked out the door, the police officers behind her followed, all of them pointing their guns at her. 
Warren: “…” 
Louis: “…”
Maureen: “…” 
Nora was very anxious. The people behind her did not dare to chase after her. After all, Justin was still inside. However, if she left the police station and did not have a car, how could she drive to the hospital? 
Her gaze suddenly swept across the parking lot. 
Before she could see who it was, she suddenly heard Quentin shout, “Why isn’t this car locked? The car keys are inside!” 
Nora followed his gaze and saw the familiar car parked there. 
She immediately rushed over and opened the car door without a word. She jumped into the driver’s seat and stepped on the accelerator! 
“Screech!” 
The car sped away. 
The other police officers followed suit and chased after her in their police cars. The others followed after her as she left the police station. 
Louis and Warren were stunned. 
The two of them turned their heads again and saw that Quentin had disappeared. There was another car outside the door, blocking the pathway of the policemen and the cars following them. 
Quentin was casually leaning against a car. He said, “Officers, why can’t I start my car?” 
Louis: “…” 
Warren: “…”
The two of them turned back and saw other police officers walking over. “What are you doing here? What’s your relationship with the fugitive?” 
Louis and Warren looked at each other. 
The two brothers suddenly said, “Officers, we’re here to call the police! That female fugitive was too fierce. She stole our car and ran away!” 
The police officer: “…What were you here to report?” 
“My brother hit me!” 
“My brother hit me!” 
The two of them looked at each other after saying that in unison. 
“Yes, I hit him!” 
“Yes, I hit him!” 
After saying that in unison, the two of them were stunned. Then, they suddenly reached out and hit each other. 
Maureen was speechless. 
She touched her forehead. “Police officer, ignore them. We’re just here to visit someone. We didn’t expect our car to be snatched away the moment we got out of the car.” 
The police officers were speechless..
###Chapter 354: Who Will Pass the Word?
Chapter 354: Who Will Pass the Word? 
At the police station. 
“Send someone to guard the hospital. If the fugitive is found, arrest her immediately!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
“The airport and high-speed rail stations are all under martial law. Send someone to guard the entrance and exit, and send her photo to the system!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Even though he was being held hostage by Justin, Morris still gave out orders unhurriedly. Justin did not stop him either until he heard this sentence. 
“Let my people look for her all over New York. If she resists…” 
Morris paused. “Shoot!” 
The word “shoot” made Justin’s pupils shrink. He exerted some force with the gun in his hand and pressed it against Morris’s temple. “Captain Ford, aren’t you going a little overboard?” 
Morris lowered his eyes. “Mr. Hunt, do you really know her?” 
Justin sneered. 
Morris continued, “We found out that she only returned to the country two months ago. You two have two children together, but do you really know who she is?”
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
He really did not know. 
He only knew that she was Anti, the Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts… 
There seemed to be other mysterious identities, but he did not know them. 
Morris said slowly, “I believe you’ve investigated her past too, right? Her records were blank during those five years overseas. Do you know what she did during that time?” 
Justin held his gun and pulled a chair over to sit opposite Morris. He leaned forward slightly, his tall figure still very oppressive. “Captain Ford, I don’t know, but this doesn’t affect me from trusting her.” 
Morris frowned. “Mr. Hunt, you’ve always been a law-abiding citizen. You’re not on the same path as her.” 
Justin lowered his eyes. “Even if we’re not on the same path right now, we’ll eventually get there. Life has endless possibilities, right, Captain Ford?” 
Seeing that he was unmoved, Morris did not get angry. Instead, he said, “You’ll never know how big the case she’s involved in is. Mr. Hunt, you better pray that she really went to the hospital. Otherwise, you’ve committed an unforgivable mistake this time!” 
Justin lowered his eyes and did not speak. 
Morris looked at the person beside him. “It has been half an hour. Ask the hospital. Has Miss Nora arrived?” 
“Yes, Captain Ford!” 
Morris’s subordinate walked to the side and made the call. “Did the suspect go to the hospital?”
The hospital had already set up a defense line. As long as Nora appeared, they would immediately arrest her. 
The person guarding the hospital replied, “Report, no suspicious people have entered at the moment!” 
The person had turned on the speaker when he made the call, so everyone heard him. 
Morris looked at Justin. “Mr. Hunt, did you hear that?” 
Justin smiled. “If your people could find her that easily, she won’t be Nora Smith.” 
How could the Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts be easily caught? 
Unexpectedly, the officer on the other end of the line suddenly said, “Mr. Joel, please cooperate with our investigation!” 
Then, Joel’s calm voice said, “I’ll cooperate fully.” 
“Okay. May I ask if Miss Nora is at the hospital?” 
Joel was puzzled. “Isn’t she at the police station? Your Captain Ford doesn’t allow bail!” 
The police officer said, “Mr. Joel, we’ve already received news that she escaped from jail. Her whereabouts are unknown now. Once she appears in the hospital, please contact us immediately!” 
Joel immediately said in a deep but firm voice, “I’ll definitely cooperate with the investigation.” 
“Okay.” 
The team leader left and said to his phone, “We’ve confirmed that the suspect hasn’t arrived at the hospital.”
Morris stared at Justin. “Mr. Hunt, do you still not believe me? Why don’t you take your gun away?” 
Justin lowered his eyes and looked at the time. “Captain Ford, this place is about an hour away from the hospital. It has only been half an hour. What’s the rush? Why don’t we have a good chat? What was Yvette’s case back then? And what kind of case was my fiancée involved in?” 
Morris was speechless. 
The feeling of being detained by Justin and not being able to do anything was really infuriating! 
— 
In the hospital. 
After the team leader finished talking to Joel, he brought a group of people to patrol the surroundings to search for Nora. 
After he turned a corner, Joel looked at the storage room behind him. 
This was the janitor’s work room. Usually, the broom and other things were kept here. 
He looked around and confirmed that no one was around before opening the door. 
Nora stood inside, leaning against the wall. 
She had just sneaked into the hospital and was secretly avoiding the police when she saw Joel. 
When their eyes met, Joel frowned. He was about to ask something when the team leader walked over. 
Nora hid in this workroom.
She had originally thought that based on Joel’s personality, he might help the police arrest her. She did not expect him to help her. 
From the looks of it, other than Yvonne, the rest of the Smiths didn’t seem to be that bad. 
Nora nodded at Joel in thanks and was about to leave. 
However, Joel grabbed her arm. “What are you doing here? Are you looking for me to help you arrange an escape route?” 
Nora: “…” 
Joel looked at the operating theater and said slowly, “Old Maddy can’t take it anymore. Your crime this time will probably be confirmed. Although Uncle Ian doesn’t like the Smiths breaking the law, I believe that he doesn’t want to see you go to jail like this either. Therefore, I will help if I can.” 
“…” Nora’s lips twitched. “I’m not leaving.” 
Joel was stunned. “Then your escape was…” 
Nora looked at the operating theater. “I’m here to treat Old Maddy!” 
Joel immediately frowned. “Nonsense! I’ve already gotten someone to send a message to Justin. I told him about the current situation. Only Anti can cure Old Maddy. Why are you here?” 
Nora sensed something. “You got someone to send a message to look for Anti?” 
“Yes. The Hunts have interacted with Anti, so only Mr. Hunt knows who Anti is.” Joel frowned tightly. 
Nora curled her lips.. “Who did you ask to send the message?”
###Chapter 355: Saving People!
Chapter 355: Saving People! 
Joel said, “I asked Yvonne to call Mr. Hunt…” 
At this point, he suddenly understood something. “You mean Mr. Hunt didn’t hear about this? Where is he?” 
Although he knew that there was something wrong with Yvonne, she was still Uncle Ian’s adopted daughter. Joel had been extra wary of her, so he did not expect something to happen at this critical juncture! 
They were all members of the Smith family. Everyone was protecting the Smiths’ dignity! 
Therefore, Joel did not believe Yvonne would do anything to harm them. 
Nora sneered. “You don’t believe me. Why don’t you ask Justin?” 
Joel took out his phone. “I’ll call Justin and ask him about it.” 
However, before she could call him, Nora reached out and stopped him. “He’s at the police station now.” 
As expected of the head of the Smiths, Joel instantly understood what she meant. He frowned and asked directly, “Did he help you out?” 
“Yes, he restrained Morris.” Nora’s light words made Joel’s pupils shrink again. 
Actually, he knew where Louis, Warren, and Quentin were. 
Old Maddy could not take it anymore.
If they could not find Anti and could not save him, even if Nora did not involve herself in the major case in Morris’s hands, just this matter alone would confirm the charges of medical malpractice! 
Therefore, he did not stop them. 
He knew Quentin’s ability. 
If he wanted to save someone, he could definitely do so. 
Furthermore, the three of them still did not know that he had prepared a follow-up plan to help them. The Smiths’ private plane at the airport had already been prepared and could take off at any time. 
However, he never expected that Justin would actually put himself in danger. 
“Ridiculous!” Joel reprimanded her. “If he lets you out like this, he won’t be able to clear his name no matter what. There aren’t many ways to save Old Maddy!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Let’s not talk about this anymore. I want to enter the operation theater now. Can you do that?” 
“It’s useless even if you go,” Joel emphasized. “I told you, only Anti…” 
At this point, Joel instantly understood something. He looked at Nora in disbelief and asked in shock, “You’re Anti?” 
“Yes.” 
Nora’s firm answer made Joel reveal a complicated expression for a moment. 
Who was this cousin of his? 
He was silent for a moment before saying slowly, “Wait a minute.”
He left the workroom and returned a minute later with a doctor’s white coat. 
Nora wore it directly and then put on her hat and mask. She lowered her head and followed Joel out of the room. 
The two of them went straight to the operation theater. 
The police officers were standing there, looking around. When they saw the two of them, they asked, “Who is this? Take off your mask. We want to check!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes and placed her hand on her mask. 
At this moment, Joel took a step forward with an anxious expression. “What are you guys doing? This is Dr. Larson, the head of the Department of Neurology. She was caught in a traffic jam and came late. Quickly let her in to treat Old Maddy! If this continues, he won’t be able to survive!” 
While the two police officers were in a daze from being scolded, Joel had already pushed the operation theater doors open and let Nora in. 
The two police officers hurriedly chased after her, but before they could enter, they heard a nurse shouting, “Dr. Larson, you’re finally here! Come and take a look! The patient can’t take it anymore!” 
It seemed like she was really Dr. Larson? 
The two police officers did not go in to stop her. 
When Nora heard the nurse’s words, she narrowed her eyes. 
It had only been a minute since it happened. It was impossible for the people inside to collude with Joel. That could only mean one thing!
Joel had already prepared someone to receive them. 
Initially, she thought that this elder brother would be like Ian and be wary of her. After all, after she returned, the two of them had been cold to her. However, from the looks of it, he could be quite considerate. 
Nora retracted her thoughts and focused on saving Old Maddy’s illness. 
— 
Two hours later. 
In the police station, Justin loosened his grip on the gun and returned it to Morris with both hands. “Captain Ford, I’m sorry for this.” 
He held the gun with both hands as a gesture of apology. 
After all, he was the one who was in the wrong today. 
Morris stood up and reached out with one hand. He grabbed the gun and placed it in the holster at his waist before looking at him. “Mr. Hunt, since you trust her so much, come with me to the hospital!” 
Justin followed behind him. “I’d love to.” 
At this moment, the police officers on both sides rushed forward. Justin’s bodyguards were about to make a move when he instructed, “Stop.” 
The bodyguards stopped and watched as the two police officers walked in front of Justin and took out handcuffs.
Justin extended his hand calmly, but the two policemen did not dare to do anything. They looked at Morris for instructions. 
Justin’s dark eyes were filled with coldness as he said faintly, “Captain Ford, dire times call for dire measures. I had no choice but to save her. Please forgive me.” 
Morris looked at him coldly. “If I have really wronged Miss Nora, I won’t hold you responsible for this. However, if I don’t see her at the hospital, you should know what you’re going to face next.” 
With that, he waved at the two police officers. “There’s no need for the handcuffs. After all, Mr. hunt is admirable for saving his fiancée.” 
“Mr. Hunt, please!” 
“Captain Ford, please.” 
The two of them walked out of the police station side by side and got into the police car at the same time. 
Justin’s bodyguards followed behind the police car as a row of cars headed straight for the hospital. 
On the way, Morris said slowly, “Old Maddy’s illness is serious, the forensic pathologists and experts have all said that it’s hopeless. Even if her medical skills are really good, once he dies, I will definitely pursue your earlier actions.” 
If Old Maddy could not be saved, even if they found out later that Nora had been wronged, there was no reasonable explanation for her breaking out of prison. 
Justin lowered his eyes. “I know.”
At this moment, Morris received a call. A voice came through the phone. “Captain Ford, the unknown composition in Old Maddy’s blood has been investigated…” 
— 
In the hospital. 
Yvonne stared at the operation theater. 
Old Maddy had been in there for 10 hours in a row. Beside her, Florence was walking back and forth cursing, “She’s not the old sir’s daughter, so she’s indeed ruthless. She doesn’t treat the lives of the servants as human. She bullied Old Maddy, who is crazy and doesn’t know anything, and… Fortunately, the old sir is still in the ICU and doesn’t know what’s going on outside… Otherwise, he would have been angered to death by her!” 
Florence asked worriedly, “Do you think the old sir’s health will be affected if Old Maddy really dies?” 
At this moment, the lights in the operation theater suddenly went off.. The operation was over!!
###Chapter 356: Light of Justice?
Chapter 356: Light of Justice? 
The moment the lights in the operation theater went off, everyone outside stood up. 
Everyone looked at the door. 
It was not because they had a deep relationship with Old Maddy. It was because Old Maddy’s life and death determined whether Nora was guilty or not! 
Yvonne clenched her fists and prayed in her heart. 
If he died, everything would be fine! If he died, nothing could be found out from him… 
While she was praying, Joel held his chin up. 
Only he knew that Nora was in the operation theater. However, she went in too late. Even if she was Anti, could she really save Old Maddy who was determined to be almost dead? 
He took a deep breath. 
If Old Maddy died, Nora would not be able to clear her name as a suspect. Now that the police were guarding outside, Nora definitely could not leave. 
It was unknown if Morris had heard some news, but he had already found the police and surrounded the hospital. 
Nora would not be able to escape even if she grew wings this time! 
As everyone waited nervously, the sound of footsteps suddenly came from the end of the corridor.
The sound was very loud and orderly. It sounded like an army had arrived. 
Joel turned around and saw Morris and Justin striding over. Behind them were Morris’s plain-clothed subordinates. 
Not far behind that group of people, another row of 12 bodyguards in black suits followed closely behind. They seemed to be protecting Justin. 
The large group of people naturally attracted everyone’s attention. Even Yvonne became nervous. 
Why was Captain Ford here? 
Did they find out something and come to arrest her? 
Just as she thought of this, she heard Joel walk over slowly and ask, “Captain Ford, why did you mobilize so many people to come to the hospital?” 
Morris’s voice was very deep. “I’m sure you’ve already heard about Nora’s prison break. Currently, the entire New York is on lockdown. I brought Mr. Justin here to see if she has escaped here.” 
Yvonne heard this and asked in surprise, “Nora broke out of prison?” 
How dare she? 
Moreover, wouldn’t breaking out of prison confirm her crimes?! 
Her eyes lit up. 
When Nora said that she wanted to treat Old Maddy, she was full of confidence. 
It was her attitude that made Yvonne panic and lure Florence to poison him.
She could be the only eldest daughter of the Smiths. As Nora was Justin’s fiancée, she was already in the limelight. Lately, whenever she went out, there were always people coming to curry favor with her. However, the one who they asked for was Nora! 
She could not let Nora snatch away the glory that belonged to her! 
However, she did not expect Nora to be so uncertain about herself too. 
However, it made sense. After all, Old Maddy was hopeless. Even if she had mouths all over her body, she probably could not explain it clearly! 
Thinking about this, Yvonne frowned with worry. “How could she break out of prison? Even if there was medical malpractice, as long as she admits her mistake, there will be a chance to correct it!” 
She then looked at Joel. “Joel, did Nora contact you? Where is she?” 
Joel narrowed his fox-like eyes. 
Sensing his gaze, Yvonne realized that she was too anxious and sighed. “She’s just a girl. I don’t know where she can live after breaking out of prison. She probably doesn’t have much money on her, right? I’m just worried that she’ll be deceived outside!” 
With that, Yvonne frowned again. “Also, did she look for Cherry? If she wants to escape, she wouldn’t leave her daughter behind, right?” 
Cherry… 
Was she indirectly reminding Morris? 
Joel’s gaze turned even colder. He glanced at Yvonne and scolded softly, “Shut up.”
Yvonne immediately covered her mouth as her eyes turned red. “Joel, I’m sorry. I… I’ve let it slip. I was just worried about Nora’s safety.” 
Joel did not say anything else. 
Instead, it was Morris who added, “We’ve already confirmed that she didn’t look for her daughter.” 
With that, Morris looked at Joel. “Mr. Joel, do you know that covering up a crime is equivalent to a crime itself?” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “Captain Ford, I don’t understand what you mean.” 
Morris looked at Justin and then at Joel. 
Either of these two people could shake New York with a stomp of their feet, but at this moment, these two people were actually acting confused in front of him. 
Morris looked at the operation theater and was about to continue when someone barged in from the door. “Captain Ford, the matter has blown up. Some reporters have sneaked in.” 
Morris’s gaze darkened. 
The person braced himself and said slowly, “When we were investigating the fugitive, we realized that there were reporters blocking the way outside. Now, they’re clamoring for the Smiths to give an explanation. They say that the Smiths treat human lives like grass and are capitalist! They said that they can’t tolerate crimes just because the Smiths have money!” 
Morris said coldly, “You still need me to teach you how to handle this?”
That person wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and looked at Justin and Joel. He did not know whether to laugh or cry as he said, “Now, it’s not just the reporters from one company. There are dozens of reporters. They have already blocked the entrance of the hospital. Our people stopped them, but they are shouting outside, saying that we are colluding with the Smiths and are preparing to hide this matter from the public. They said we must give them an explanation…” 
Morris frowned. 
It was much more complicated when dozens of reporters blew the matter up. 
They could not ignore the voices of the public. 
When the person saw that Morris did not pursue his negligence, he heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he took out his phone and handed it to Morris. “Also, look… there are reporters live-streaming. There are already hundreds of thousands of people in the live stream, and the number of people is still rising…” 
Morris looked over and saw a female reporter standing in front of the camera, talking. 
“Yes, I’m in the hospital. I heard that the servant is being treated in this hospital. I don’t understand why there are so many police officers around. Isn’t this just ordinary medical malpractice?” 
“The charges are so strict. They even stopped us from going in for an interview and didn’t let us follow up on the investigation. Is it because there’s something going on behind the scenes?” 
“This is the segment team that Andy helped out with. Everyone, don’t worry. We will definitely pursue this case.. If the servant is dead, the truth will definitely be revealed! We can’t let the murderer get away with it! Even more so, even if the suspect is from a wealthy family, we can’t curry favor with them and hide the truth from others! Of course, our principle is not to malign a good person and not to let a bad person off! Therefore, we will wait here for the police to give us an explanation! I believe the Light of Justice will spread to every corner of this world!”
###Chapter 357: Old Maddy Is Not Dead!!
Chapter 357: Old Maddy Is Not Dead!! 
Accompanied by the female reporter’s powerful voice, a group of comments floated across the screen. 
— Andy, you be careful too! 
— Don’t tell me we won’t see this female reporter tomorrow? 
— I heard that rich people don’t treat people as humans at all. They treat people like toys. What servants? What kind of society is this? Do they still call them servants? Furthermore, servants are not your family’s private property. They are living people! 
— I heard that the one who was used for practice has a mental problem. He can’t defend himself at all and can’t refuse anything. Besides, he’s an orphan. He has no ties or relatives. Even if he dies, no one will pursue it, right? 
— It was said that he was adopted a few years ago. It seems like the hearts of the rich are indeed dark. Adoption was just a gimmick! Not only did it give them a good reputation, but they also had people to experiment with. 
— Human experiment? Heavens, what kind of society is this? There was still such a dark matter? 
— That servant doesn’t have any relatives, but we’re in this world. We can’t let the murderer get away with it!” 
… 
The comments were flying across the screen. Each and every one of them was so righteous that it was as if they were going to eliminate them.
The title “Human Experiment” was even more eye-catching. It was obvious that it had been confirmed. 
Not only did Morris see it, but there were also assistants and secretaries beside Justin and Joel who had sent their phones over. The two of them had also seen it. 
Justin sneered coldly, but he was not anxious. 
Joel frowned. Some people on the live comments had dug out that Nora was from the Smiths, so they were all scolding the Smiths right now. Some even scolded Ian. 
At this point, the Smiths were already well-known entrepreneurs. 
But he still did not speak. 
Yvonne narrowed her eyes when she saw this. 
Of course, she was the one who had found the reporters. 
She was worried that even if Nora’s crime was confirmed, the Smiths would still come forward to suppress this matter, even if Ian would never allow anyone to commit a crime. 
However, these brothers of the Smiths looked at their sister like she was the apple of their eyes. How could they be willing to watch Nora go to jail? 
She could only use the public’s opinion to pressure them! 
Now that Nora was forced to this extent, they couldn’t protect her, right? 
As she thought about this, Morris’s phone rang. Yvonne heard Morris pick up the call. His attitude became respectful. “Yes!”
The other party said something. His expression was very ugly as he said, “Yes, don’t worry. I will definitely arrest Nora and give the public an explanation. I will not let this matter rest! I’m at the hospital now. I promise to complete the mission!” 
It seemed like his leader was putting pressure on him. 
Yvonne felt even more relieved as she suggested, “Joel, how did things end up like this? Nora has escaped from prison, and Old Maddy’s life is still uncertain… I think we should invite the reporters in and wait for Old Maddy’s treatment. Otherwise, the public will definitely not believe us!” 
Upon hearing this, Joel’s eyes shot out a fierce look. 
She could actually make such a suggestion at such a time? 
Seeing that Joel was silent, Yvonne looked directly at Morris. “Captain Ford, I’m sure you don’t want to be looked at as a partner-in-crime, right?” 
Morris smiled coldly. “We have a clear conscience. Why should we be afraid of other people’s words? Besides, how can we live-stream the moment we solve a case? Miss Yvonne, your suggestion is too frivolous!” 
How could a police officer be allowed to do a live broadcast? 
Morris had never been afraid of any comments, just like Justin and Joel. 
The two of them did not take what was happening on the Internet seriously at all! 
Hearing Morris’s words, Yvonne panicked. “The doctor hasn’t pushed Old Maddy out yet, which means he’s probably dead. Captain Ford, my suggestion is just to prove yours and the Smiths’ innocence! Otherwise, if they say that we’re protecting Nora…”
As soon as she said this, the door to the operating theater was suddenly pushed open. 
Nora’s cold and hoarse voice slowly traveled over. “I’m afraid I’ll have to disappoint you. Old Maddy is not dead..” 
###Chapter 358: We’re Husband and Wife~
Chapter 358: We’re Husband and Wife~ 
The entire corridor fell silent. 
Everyone looked at the entrance of the operation theater. Nora was standing there wearing a surgical gown. Her face could not be seen clearly, but everyone could still see how calm and composed she was. 
As she spoke, she took off her gloves. After taking off her gloves, she casually took off her surgical cap and mask. Her long hair fell down, revealing her beautiful face. 
As her mask and hat were relatively tight, there were two red marks on her cheeks. She looked rather comical, but no one could laugh at this moment. 
That was because her eyes were cold and indifferent. Even her hair was filled with seriousness when she performed surgery! 
Justin stared at her, an inexplicable sense of pride rising in him as he slowly smiled. 
There was more admiration in Joel’s fox-like eyes. 
Morris’s eyes were still pitch-black. He could not say what emotions he was feeling, but anyone with eyes could tell that he was no longer as nervous as before. 
The three men each had their own thoughts, but Yvonne was the one who broke the silence. She cried out in surprise, “You, why are you here?” 
Nora walked out slowly and threw the gloves at the person standing at the entrance of the operation theater. That person actually took them subconsciously. When he received them, he realized that he was
like an assistant. He wanted to return the gloves to her, but he did not know what to say. 
Nora loosened her wrists and moved her stiff neck. 
She had been completely focused on the acupuncture treatment she had used to treat Old Maddy earlier and did not dare to let her guard down. It had been a full one and a half hours… Coupled with the eight to nine hours she had been detained, she had not slept for a total of 11 to 12 hours! 
At this moment, her temper had already reached the limits. She frowned and her usually obedient, yet vicious eyes swept over Yvonne. Her voice was filled with impatience. “Do you not have a brain? Of course, I’m here to treat Old Maddy.” 
These words made Yvonne feel a lump in her chest. She bit her lip angrily and pretended to be weak. “Nora, don’t misunderstand. It was Captain Ford who said that you had escaped from prison. Now that you’re here, I asked you a few questions…” 
Before she could finish speaking, Nora ignored her and looked at Morris. She endured the discomfort in her body and said, “I’ve saved him. I’m going back to the police station with you now. As for him…” 
She pointed at Justin. “Can we release him first? After all, we were too anxious earlier and were left with no other choice.” 
Justin said, “Didn’t we already find out the unknown composition in his blood earlier?” 
Had the unknown components been investigated? 
Nora looked at Morris. 
Joel was stunned. “Unknown composition?” 
Seeing that everyone was looking at him, Morris said slowly, “Yes, we found some unknown components in Old Maddy’s blood, so we suspected that Miss Nora used Old Maddy to research a new drug. It’s a
huge crime to privately develop illegal drugs, so we detained her.” 
Everyone was enlightened. 
Medical accidents were common, but there had never been a case where a doctor was taken away and could not be bailed out before they could confirm that something had happened to the patient. 
If that was the reason, then it made sense. 
Only Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Research new drugs? 
These words made her frown. She wanted to connect everything together, but her mind was too muddled right now. She could not even be bothered to think about the basics. 
She decided to put this matter aside and think about it after she had rested enough. 
She did not speak, so Justin asked, “Then what is the unknown component we’re investigating now?” 
Morris looked at Nora. “It’s the residue of a pesticide. It means that someone had poisoned Old Maddy. Although there was indeed a butler who testified that Miss Nora had never used drugs on Old Maddy, this matter still almost cost him his life. Therefore, Miss Nora, please continue to cooperate with our investigation. Of course, you can be bailed out this time. When we find out who the culprit is, you can be released without charges!” 
When Nora heard this, she let out a big yawn and nodded. “Alright.” 
With that, she walked to Morris and stretched out her hand. “Captain Ford, do you need to cuff me?”
Morris was speechless. 
He felt that there was some mockery in the woman’s words. 
He knew that he had misunderstood her previously and was against her. 
He turned his head. “Miss Nora, you must be joking. I’m just asking you to make a statement at the police station. There’s no need for handcuffs.” 
“Okay.” Nora raised her eyebrows. She had just taken two steps when she realized Justin was following her. She asked, “Where are you going?” 
Justin replied honestly, “I just kidnapped Captain Ford. My crime is too big, so I have to go to the police station and be locked up for a few days, right, Captain Ford?” 
Morris’s face darkened. “…No need.” 
“No, I should be locked up.” Justin held Nora’s arm. “It’s best if you lock us up together.” 
Morris: “…As far as I know, you’re not married yet, right?” 
Justin’s dark eyes looked at Nora, and a faint smile appeared on his lips. The mole at the corner of his eye became even more obvious. “We’re engaged, we’re husband and wife.” 
“…” 
The corners of Morris’s lips twitched. He didn’t want to bother with him anymore. He felt like this person was showing off his affection. 
Joel said, “I’ll take you to the police station. I can pick you up immediately after you finish your statement.”
Morris was speechless. 
The group continued to walk out. 
Yvonne, who was ignored by the others, stayed at the back of the crowd. She looked at Nora, who was surrounded by the three most powerful young men in New York, and inexplicable jealousy surged into her heart. 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
After a moment, she suddenly lowered her head, picked up her phone, and sent a message. 
— 
Outside the hospital, reporters surrounded them. 
After seeing Nora leave, a group of people rushed up like a swarm of bees and surrounded them. 
Morris’s expression darkened. 
Justin also nodded at the bodyguards. 
Joel glanced at Quentin, who had been mixed in the crowd. 
Therefore, the plain-clothed police, the Hunts’ security guards, and the Smiths’ security guards came up together and surrounded the reporters outside, forming a walking wall of flesh. 
Nora saw that the reporters could not go forward. She yawned again and walked towards the police car. 
After taking two steps, a reporter who was stopped outside suddenly shouted, “Captain Ford, why was the suspect in the hospital? Is Old Maddy dead or alive? Shouldn’t you give the public an explanation!
Also, we heard that Nora has escaped from prison.. Doesn’t this indirectly show that she has a guilty conscience?!”
###Chapter 359: I’m Anti!
Chapter 359: I’m Anti! 
Morris’s expression darkened. 
The matter of breaking out of prison was serious. 
Nora had indeed escaped prison, and it brought a bad reputation on him. 
However, he did not agree back then because he felt that this was just Nora’s excuse. After all, there were so many doctors who could not save Old Maddy. How could she possibly save him? 
On the way to the hospital, he had studied Old Maddy’s medical records carefully. 
There were some things that were unclear, but he also understood that Old Maddy was a hopeless case! 
However, just now, Old Maddy’s breathing was even. He was sent to the ICU ward for observation. This meant that he had underestimated and misunderstood Nora previously! 
In addition, the unknown composition in his blood was showing that he had misunderstood Nora… 
Out of apology and because she had made a prompt decision to break out of prison, Nora had saved a life. He lowered his eyes and decided to cover up this matter. 
He stopped in his tracks and looked at the reporter, “Miss Nora didn’t break out of prison. She’s here to treat a patient!” 
“Treat a patient?” The reporter sneered. “If she could treat a patient, how could she have caused such serious medical malpractice! Captain Ford, I think you’re colluding with the Smiths and Hunts, right? That’s why you found such a lousy excuse!”
The other reporters immediately asked, “What’s going on? What on earth is going on? Logically speaking, shouldn’t Miss Nora be isolated from the patient if there’s a problem with her treatment? What if the patient is threatened by her?” 
The reporter immediately said, “Why would he be threatened? The patient is a lunatic and has an abnormal mind. He’s still lying on the bed in the operation theater and hasn’t woken up. What right does he have to reject and be threatened? It’s just that the police department is too unruly!” 
“Other doctor-patient relationships will isolate doctors and patients. Why is Miss Nora allowed to go to the operation theater?” 
Morris said slowly, “The other doctors have issued critical notices to the patient, and there was no way to save him. They could only let Miss Nora come back and try. This is out of respect for the patient’s life!” 
This made the reporter who asked the question laugh even more. “All the doctors said that it was hopeless, but only Miss Nora can treat him? Officer, who would believe your words? Can she bring people back from the dead?” 
Morris frowned. 
The reporter continued to lead the conversation. “I think you’re asking her to come over and take credit for it, right? I have an insider in the hospital. I’ve long heard that Old Maddy’s illness is indeed incurable! Currently, there’s only one doctor in the world who can treat him. It’s Anti!” 
“The Hunts knows Anti, so they urgently found him to treat Old Maddy. Then, you cooperated with the Hunts and the Smiths and got Nora to come over and enter the operation theater. It was all to snatch credit, right?” 
“Someone who was treated badly by Miss Nora can still be treated by her? Ha, in this way, there won’t be any medical malpractice anymore? Your families are really scheming! However, what makes us feel bitterly disappointed is that you all actually colluded with them to resolve this conspiracy! It’s simply laughable!” 
“Everyone, come and judge. It’s not illegal for a daughter of a wealthy family to treat someone badly. Is the patient’s life only for the rich to play with?!” 
The reporter’s every word was powerful and righteous. 
The other reporters and the people who were broadcasting were all influenced by this reporter. 
Therefore, everyone started to criticize Nora. 
“Can you do whatever you want just because you have money? This is a lawful society!” 
“You have to give us an explanation. Give Old Maddy an explanation! We want an explanation!” 
“Right, we can’t let this matter rest like this!” 
The comments on the live stream were also flying. 
— This is too much. I’m so angry! Is the life of an ordinary person so insignificant? 
— Yes, rich people are too despicable. They can use any means! 
— Rich people like them are the scum of society. They should be severely punished! 
— She’s too arrogant. Isn’t this too obvious? I don’t believe in this world anymore! 
… 
In the hospital, Yvonne looked at Andy’s live stream. She lowered her eyes and smiled.
Justin and Joel looked down on the power of public opinion, but they did not know that sometimes, the power of public opinion could suppress others! 
She had prepared everything that the reporter had said. 
Wasn’t Nora’s appearance in the hospital caused by the Hunts and Smiths? 
Justin had found Anti and given all the credit to Nora. Yvonne would not allow such a thing to exist! 
As she was thinking about this, she saw Morris say in the live stream, “You guys are talking nonsense! I let Miss Nora come over because only she can treat Old Maddy’s illness!” 
The reporter sneered. “As far as I know, only Anti can treat it!” 
— 
“Yes, only Anti can treat it.” 
Nora rubbed her temples. At this moment, she only wanted to sleep. She frowned and looked at the reporter impatiently. “Then do you know who I am?” 
“Who are you?” The reporter sneered. “You can’t be better than Anti in terms of medical skills, right? Is that why you dare to snatch Anti’s credit? We want to see Old Maddy’s medical records!” 
The others echoed and shouted, “Yes, we want to see Old Maddy’s medical records! We want to see who the attending doctor is!” 
Nora said slowly, “The attending doctor is indeed Anti.”
The reporter heaved a sigh of relief. “Then this has nothing to do with you! You’re still the one who treated him badly! You’re still going to be pursued by the law! You can’t be acquitted just because your family invited Anti to save the patient! Anti is Anti, and you’re you!” 
Nora’s eyes were cold.. She looked at him and said slowly, “But what if I’m Anti?”
###Chapter 360: Found Out!
Chapter 360: Found Out! 
All the reporters outside and the audience in front of the screen fell silent at once, as if someone had suddenly pressed a mute button. 
Everyone stared at Nora in disbelief. 
She was Anti? 
This young woman looked to be in her early twenties, right? She was actually Anti? It was unbelievable! 
The reporter gulped. “You… you’re joking, right?” 
Nora did not say anything else. 
However, the person beside him poked him. “Can this be said as a joke? This kind of thing can be checked with a simple investigation! Many people overseas have undergone surgeries by Anti. If we broadcast it like this now, everyone will know about this. She won’t dare to fake it!” 
“Anti only takes two operations a month. I used to think that this doctor was too arrogant. Did Anti not need to feed her family? Now, I suddenly understand. Anti really doesn’t need money!” 
“…So, when she said she was treating Old Maddy, she was really treating him! She wasn’t fishing for fame?” 
“Does Anti still need to rely on others to increase her reputation?” 
“Then what’s going on?”
“Why did your helper, the one called Old Maddy, suddenly almost die? Besides, why did the police arrest you?” 
Before Nora could answer, Morris had already spoken up for her. “Old Maddy was poisoned by someone. We have already found some unknown components in his blood, so we invited Miss Nora to the police station to cooperate with the investigation.” 
Old Maddy was poisoned and she was only there to cooperate with the investigation… 
As soon as these words were out, someone sensible said, “Captain Ford, then your police station is in the wrong. As a doctor, why would she poison her own patient?” 
“Yeah, she’s not stupid… If she had a grudge against the servant, would she still need to treat him?” 
“…” 
The reporters were all smart people. With just a few words, they could guess what had happened. At this moment, they all began to criticize Morris. 
“Aren’t they arresting a good person?” 
“That’s right. How can they start arresting people without investigating clearly?” 
The reporters who spoke up for Nora looked at Nora after saying that. They said ingratiatingly, “Miss Nora, I’m a reporter from the New Daily. May I look for you if I need to see a doctor in the future?” 
“Miss Nora, I’m…” 
Morris was speechless. 
He thought that the reporters were really understanding and rational, but they suddenly changed their opinions faster than light. After all this, they were trying to curry favor with her because she was a
famous doctor! 
That made sense. Who could guarantee that they would not get sick forever? 
When he figured it out, the bodyguards and police around him also thought of it. The way everyone looked at Nora instantly changed. 
The police officers who were originally surrounding Nora to prevent her from escaping now had a much kinder attitude. “Miss Nora, come this way. Don’t get squeezed…” 
Morris was speechless! 
The lackeys’ current behavior was unbearable to look at! 
He waved his hand. “Alright, we’re not imprisoning Miss Nora. We’re bringing her back to make a statement. If there’s nothing else, please leave!” 
Initially, they thought it was a drama where the eldest daughter of a wealthy family treated human lives like grass. In the end, they did not expect the big news about Nora being Anti to be exposed! 
The reporters who had come over had material to broadcast. They were all excited and agitated. At this moment, their attitudes had changed drastically. They were no longer aggressive and obediently made way. 
Nora, Justin, and Joel seemed to be surrounded by everyone as they got into… a police car. 
In the hospital. 
When Yvonne saw this news in the live stream, she clenched her fists tightly. Her usually elegant face had become even more ferocious and terrifying.
She had planned so much, but she did not expect that Nora was actually Anti! That internationally renowned surgeon! 
If she had known, she would not have made such a foolish arrangement. 
At this moment, she was looking at every news platform on the Internet. Every single one of them had the words: Shocking! The eldest daughter of the Smiths is actually Anti! 
Every news outlet sang immense praises of her. 
The daughter of a wealthy family was actually a medical genius! 
This persona allowed her to smoothly gain a foothold in wealthy families. 
Yvonne took a deep breath and wished she could slap herself. 
This fool had such a high status, but she was still hiding it. Now, she had been forced to reveal it. Yvonne had even helped her hire reporters and spent money to buy her popularity. She had actually become the center of attention! 
She punched the wall beside her angrily, feeling as if she had shot herself in the foot. 
Beside her, Florence nagged, “How could Old Maddy be poisoned?” 
Hearing this, Yvonne froze. 
Yes, Morris was famous for being quick at investigating cases. Was she going to be exposed too? 
— 
Joel had been following behind the police car. 
On the way, he lowered his fox-like eyes and no longer had the smile on his face.
After Nora was arrested, he actually hesitated about whether to bail her out because of his uncle. Now, he felt a little guilty. 
His slender fingers tapped the armrest of the leather seat as he turned to look out the window. 
Although he had a gentle temperament, he had always been swift and decisive. He had never been so conflicted and hesitant. 
Ian was closer to him than his father. Although he had always called him Uncle Ian, he was the most important family member in his heart. 
Ever since he acknowledged Nora, Ian had been in a coma. 
The doctor said that he was depressed. 
He was depressed because he knew that the woman he loved the most had been with his brother? 
Nora’s existence was his greatest worry. 
Therefore, he was hesitant and indecisive. 
On one side was his cousin from the Smiths, and on the other was his third uncle who was like a biological father. This caused him to hold back his concern for Nora. 
As he thought about this, they arrived at the police station. He got out and walked to the police car. 
The car had stopped a long time ago but no one got off. Just as he was feeling puzzled, he saw the back door open. Justin made a silencing gesture. 
Joel: “?” 
While he was in a daze, he saw Justin walking out of the car with Nora in his arms.
Nora had already fallen asleep. 
Justin protected her carefully and walked very softly. 
Morris was about to speak. “Mr…” 
Before he could finish, Justin glared at him coldly. His viciousness made Morris subconsciously swallow his words. 
Then, Justin carried her into the police station. 
On the way, when everyone looked over, they were all frightened by Justin’s gaze and did not dare to speak. 
After entering the interrogation room, Justin carefully placed Nora on the bench. The woman turned over and fell asleep again. 
At the door, Morris was speechless. 
At this moment, someone walked over. “Sir!” 
Morris subconsciously asked in a soft voice, “What’s wrong?” 
“I found out who poisoned Old Maddy..”
###Chapter 361: The Pill Was Taken from Miss Yvonne’s Room!
Chapter 361: The Pill Was Taken from Miss Yvonne’s Room! 
When Morris heard this, a fierce look flashed across his dark eyes. 
He took a look at the situation in the interrogation room. 
After placing Nora on the bench inside, Justing stood guard there. Although he did not speak, it was obvious that no one could disturb him. 
He could only take two steps to the side and walk around the interrogation room before asking, “Who is it?” 
After the person reported, Morris lowered his eyes. 
Finally, he nodded. “Okay, I understand.” 
With that, he walked toward the interrogation room. As he walked over, he saw a bodyguard in a black suit walking in with a blanket. 
Morris: “?” 
While he was in a daze, he saw another bodyguard walk in with a single mattress. Then, someone walked in with a pillow. 
Morris: !! 
The corners of his lips twitched. He stood at the door and realized that the hard bench in the interrogation room had already been set up as a soft bed. Nora mumbled something and turned around to continue sleeping.
Justin wrapped her in a blanket. 
Morris was speechless. 
He took a deep breath and walked in after building up his thoughts. He lowered his voice and said, “I’ve already found out that this has nothing to do with Miss Nora. She can go home and sleep.” 
“Shh.” 
Justin gestured for him to keep quiet and said, “We’ll leave after she wakes up.” 
Morris: “?” 
That’s enough! What kind of place did he think this was? They would leave after she wakes up? 
It was too humiliating! 
As Morris thought about this, he turned around and walked out with a dark expression. When he reached the door, he paused for a moment and closed it. 
The soundproofing in the interrogation room was very good. After the door was closed, it isolated all sound from the outside world. It was quieter inside, and it was more suitable for sleeping. 
Justin was very satisfied. 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Old Maddy’s life was no longer in danger for the time being. He had been transferred to the intensive care unit to be guarded, and the people who stayed in the hospital left one after another. 
After all, Old Maddy was only a servant at home.
After returning home, Yvonne entered his room in a daze. Just as she was about to close the door, someone pushed the door open and Florence walked in. 
She frowned and said with a slightly angry expression, “Miss Yvonne, that illegitimate daughter is actually a very famous divine doctor! It’s unbelievable! But so what? She’s just a doctor. Someone who serves others can’t be shown off! Which wealthy family cares about a doctor?” 
As she spoke, she mumbled indignantly, “I really don’t know how Yvette gave birth to this child. She actually inherited her mother’s medical talent. She became the most famous surgeon at such a young age. I think she was also carved out from the same mold as her mother. She’s a b*tch deep down! Otherwise, why would she get pregnant before marriage? I don’t know what kind of drug she used on Mr. Hunt to make him fall in love with this kind of woman with a burden! How can a man raise someone else’s child? Just like the old sir, why did he soften his heart and acknowledge Nora back into the Smiths? Her existence is a humiliation to him!” 
Hearing this, Yvonne lowered her eyes and said indifferently, “It’s because Mr. Hunt and Nora like each other! The Smiths and Hunts need a marriage alliance, so even if dad is forced to lower his head, he’ll still acknowledge her.” 
These words made Florence’s eyes turn red again. “Old Sir has really sacrificed too much for the Smiths!” 
As she spoke, she almost cried. “Back then, Yvette ran away and left the old sir alone. He was unmarried throughout his life, and his family forced him to adopt a child. The old sir disagreed and asked Joel to come over, but he had never changed his name on the genealogy. The old sir even said that after he died, his ashes would be scattered into the sea so that he could look for Yvette… But the old sir was so devoted. How could Yvette betray him?”
Florence wiped her tears. “I’m just angry at Yvette. Why did she betray the old sir? The old sir’s body that she messed with back then has now collapsed. Now that her daughter is back, she has caused chaos in the Smiths!” 
“Old sir personally ordered Old Maddy to stay behind. Who in our family doesn’t take care of Old Maddy? But she actually attacked Old Maddy… This is too much!” 
“So is that Captain Ford. He said that Old Maddy was poisoned by someone. Old Maddy eats and wears the same as us. How could he be the only one who was poisoned?” 
As Florence spoke, she sneered. “I think she might have been the one who poisoned him. She planned to save Old Maddy at the critical moment and increase her reputation!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, there was a sudden movement downstairs. 
Yvonne and Florence looked at each other and left the room. When they went downstairs, they saw the police chief standing there with a few police officers. 
The butler’s expression was dark. “Isn’t Miss Nora at the police station? Why are you guys here again?” 
The captain took out a search warrant. “We have detected pesticides in Old Maddy’s blood. By monitoring his diet during this period, we determined that Old Maddy had taken this drug!” 
With that, he took out a pill. “This pill looks like traditional medicine, but it’s actually a pesticide! So, we need to investigate who gave this pill to Old Maddy.” 
The butler was stunned and looked at the pill. 
Immediately, he turned around and looked at Florence! 
One night, Florence secretly went to Old Maddy’s room and fed him this pill. The butler had seen it with his own eyes! 
Florence widened her eyes in shock. She even subconsciously shouted, “Isn’t… isn’t this the Carefree Pill?” 
The police instantly turned towards her. “Did you feed Old Maddy this medicine?” 
Florence nodded in a daze. 
She then explained in a shaking voice, “Police officers, you’re mistaken. This is a Carefree Pill. It’s for treating Old Maddy. This pill was invented by the Harmonia Pharmacy! It’s more than 3,000 dollars. It’s very expensive!” 
As she spoke, she took a step forward. “How is this some pesticide? It’s really a Carefree Pill! It was invented by the Andersons. Nora knows about it! At that time, she was treating Old Maddy’s illness. I saw that Old Maddy was unconscious every day and was worried that something would happen to him, so I fed him this pill…” 
The more she spoke, the paler her face became. 
Florence was not stupid. As an internal butler, she had handled many things. At this moment, she seemed to have understood something and looked at Yvonne in disbelief! 
The policeman frowned. “Where did you get this pill?” 
Florence stretched out her trembling hand and pointed at Yvonne. “I, I took it from Miss Yvonne’s room..”
###Chapter 362: It Was You!!
Chapter 362: It Was You!! 
As soon as she said that, all the servants in the room looked at Yvonne. 
Yvonne’s eyes widened and she tensed up nervously. Then, she took a deep breath and said steadily, “Isn’t that my mosquito repellent, Mdm. Florence? Why did you take it?” 
Mosquito repellent? 
Florence was stunned. 
In a split second, she understood everything! 
She looked at the pill in shock and then at Yvonne again. She felt as if her mind had become totally blank in this instant. 
Was the woman standing in front of her really the Ms. Yvonne she had always thought of as gentle, generous, and understanding? 
How could she lie… How could she lie?! 
She had clearly told her that it was a Carefree Pill and told her to give it to Old Maddy, causing him to almost die! 
Yvonne, however, took a step back. “Mdm. Florence, w-why are you looking at me like that?” 
Why she was looking at her like that…? 
Florence took a deep breath, and she suddenly made a decision.
— 
By the time Nora woke up, it was already bright outside. 
She opened her eyes slowly, feeling as if there were needles stabbing her in the head. Her brows drew together, and she reached out her fingers and pressed them against her head. She was about to say something when a pair of strong, warm hands pressed against her head and gently massaged her temples. 
The pain slowly eased, and her tightly-knitted brows finally relaxed. She looked at the man giving her a massage. 
Justin was still wearing the same clothes he wore the day before. From the looks of it, he hadn’t left the whole night? 
Despite not having slept a wink all night, the man didn’t look dispirited at all. Only the corners of his eyes revealed some fatigue. 
Under the dim light of the interrogation room, his beauty mark lost some of its usual fierceness and became a little more alluring. 
She unwittingly thought of how the man had held Morris hostage and told her to leave the day before. She stretched, stood up, and asked casually, “Weren’t you afraid that I would flee?” 
A smiling Justin looked at her and replied, “You wouldn’t.” 
Nora paused in her stretching and asked, “Why? Because of the children?” 
“Of course not,” Justin took out a handkerchief and handed it to her, “It’s because you said that you’re in love with me.” 
Nora: “…”
The corners of her lips spasmed. She took the handkerchief from him and wiped her face casually. Then, she heard him say, “Just kidding. It’s because I know you’re not someone like that.” 
She froze again. 
To be honest, the two of them hadn’t really spent that much time together ever since her return to the States. In fact, the man wasn’t even aware of many of her mysterious identities. 
In spite of that, he had trusted her even in a situation like this. 
She put down the handkerchief that she was wiping her face with. For some reason, as she gazed at the man’s handsome face, her heart suddenly skipped a beat. 
She hastily turned away and asked, “Is there anything to eat?” 
She had slept all the way till now after she came back the night before, and had been asleep for a full fourteen hours. Although she was still sleepy, she had to get up and replenish some energy. Otherwise, her body wouldn’t be able to take it. 
“Yes, there is.” 
The man replied calmly. After taking out his cell phone and sending a message, someone opened the door and came in with a cart of food. 
Morris, who had hurried over upon hearing that Nora had awakened, seemed trouble as his lip corners spasmed at the sight. 
Those two… They were totally treating the interrogation room like it was a hotel, weren’t they? 
Not only had the man prepared bedding, but he had brought a washbasin and toiletries over when Nora was still asleep. In fact, he had even brought carts of piping hot food into the room early in the morning.
Every half an hour as the food turned cold, he would distribute them to the people in the police station. 
Justin was doing this so that Nora would have fresh food to eat whenever she woke up! 
Morris had never seen anyone who spoiled their wife more than Justin did! 
He entered the room. He was about to speak when Justin suddenly held his hand up and stopped him. He said, “Captain Ford, wait till she’s done eating if you have something to say, lest she gets indigestion.” 
Morris: “…” 
He pulled a chair over and sat on it. 
The interrogation room was clearly his home ground, yet the two of them were so relaxed that it was as if they were in a hotel instead. After finishing her breakfast leisurely, Nora finally looked at Morris and asked, “Captain Ford, is there any progress in the case?” 
“Yes, there is.” 
Morris said, “The person who poisoned Old Maddy is Florence Stone. We have brought her back with us. She’s in the interrogation room next door.” 
As soon as he said that, Justin said, “That poison isn’t something an ordinary servant can easily obtain, is it?” 
Morris nodded. “You’re right. She took the medicine from Yvonne Smith’s room.” 
Nora frowned. “And then?”
Morris said, “It’s relatively difficult to convict Yvonne Smith of the crime. As there is no real evidence to prove that it was Yvonne Smith who made Florence Stone poison Old Maddy, what she did was, at best, tricking someone into committing a crime. Also, Stone… has admitted to doing it on her own.” 
She had admitted to it? 
Nora suddenly said, “I’ll go and talk to Florence.” 
“Okay.” 
— 
In the interrogation room. 
Nora saw Florence, who had been detained. 
She looked tired and haggard as if she hadn’t slept a wink all night because of fright. However, when she saw Nora, the look in her eyes suddenly became fierce and savage. 
Nora went straight to the point. She merely asked, “Why?” 
Why was she taking the rap for Yvonne? 
Florence definitely wasn’t the one who had poisoned Old Maddy. 
The woman displayed all her emotions in the open and was also a direct and straightforward person who had ridiculed and mocked Nora at home. She was very protective of Ian in everything she said, so there was absolutely no way she would do anything to bring shame to the Smiths. 
Florence understood what she meant.
She sneered, “Because she’s the old sir’s daughter. Even if she’s just an adopted daughter, she’s still his daughter, whereas you bring shame to him!” 
Florence lowered her head. “I am indebted to the old sir. There’s nothing I can do to repay him except for this.” 
Nora frowned. “But she’s not a good person.” 
“So what if she’s a good person? And so what even if she’s a bad person?!” Florence became agitated. Her eyes reddened as she stared at Nora. “Back then, your mother was also a good person! She saved so many people! I had also thought she was a good person, so why did she betray the old sir? Do you have any idea how he lived all these years?!” 
— 
The Smiths didn’t know anything about the conversation between Florence and Nora in the police station. 
Joel was sitting in the study with his gaze lowered. 
The door opened, and Yvonne walked in uneasily. “Were you asking for me, Joel?” 
Joel looked up. “There’s no way Mdm. Florence would poison Old Maddy. Both you and I know that very well.” 
Yvonne bit her lip and simply refused to admit to it. She said, “What do you mean by that, Joel? I don’t understand what you’re saying. Even Mdm. Florence herself has already admitted to it. I—” 
But before she could finish, Joel had already cut her off. He said, “Uncle Ian hates people who violate the law and break rules the most. Even if you’re his daughter, you’re not allowed to do that! Mdm.. Florence
may not expose you, but the Smiths will never tolerate and condone such vileness!”
###Chapter 363: Stripped of Duties!
Chapter 363: Stripped of Duties! 
Yvonne bit her lip when she heard him. 
She looked at Joel. 
The man sat leisurely behind the desk with his hands on it. However, his eyes, which were always smiling, were deep and bottomless. 
He stared at Yvonne, making her feel as if all her clothes had been stripped off. Those eyes seemed to be able to see right through one, yet others couldn’t tell what he was thinking. 
Yvonne lowered her head. “I admit that I made a mistake, Joel. I shouldn’t have bought a pill like that and left it in the room, thereby giving Mdm. Florence a chance to steal it. But I really didn’t break the law. Surely you can’t say that I broke the law just because someone stole the pill I bought and poisoned another person with it, right?” 
Joel narrowed his fox-like eyes. 
He sneered, “Yvonne, do you think I asked you here to force you to admit to your mistakes? You’re wrong.” 
Yvonne was taken aback. Then, she heard the man’s rich and mellow voice. He said slowly, “I’m not a police officer who needs evidence in order to convict someone of a crime. Neither do I need you to admit to anything. Both you and I know that very well.” 
His voice was gentle, yet it also seemed like a voice straight out of hell, causing Yvonne’s heart to sink little by little. 
Joel stood up. “Since there isn’t any evidence, I won’t hand you over to the police. Besides, you’re Uncle Ian’s daughter. How you should be dealt with will have to wait until Uncle Ian wakes up. However, you don’t have to manage the family matters anymore during this time.” 
His words made Yvonne suddenly look up at him. 
As Ian’s one and only lawful daughter, Yvonne had always enjoyed a very high status in the family. 
In fact, legally, she had a closer relationship with Ian than what Joel, Ian’s nephew, had with him. 
Therefore, while Joel managed the company’s affairs, Yvonne was in charge of the family’s affairs. Even Florence, the housekeeper in charge of the family’s internal affairs, was just her helper. 
Why did Louis keep suffering in her hands despite loathing her so much? It was thanks to the fact that she was the one in control of the finances! 
Yet, Joel was going to deprive her of her authority? 
Yvonne couldn’t stop herself from retorting, “Who do you intend to put in charge of managing the family’s affairs, if not me? Nora? You can’t do that. I’m Dad’s only daughter while she’s nothing more than a shameful product of that woman’s betrayal of Dad. Aren’t you embarrassing Dad if you do that?” 
Seeing that she was still arguing even now, Joel slowly cast his eyes down and said, “You can go now.” 
Yvonne wanted to argue some more, but she knew that Joel never changed his mind once he made a decision. 
She clenched her fists, took a deep breath, and walked out of the study. 
After she left, Quentin popped out of somewhere, went to Joel, and asked, “Are you really going to let her off just like that, Joel?”
Joel rubbed his temples, feeling a headache coming on. 
He sighed and said, “Uncle Ian is still in a coma. As his only daughter, it’s best that nothing happens to her for now. If Uncle Ian pulls through, he will deal with her himself.” 
Joel, who had been brought up by Ian himself, knew Ian’s character all too well. 
He hated schemes and conspiracies like these the most. 
Besides, he felt that Uncle Ian didn’t really seem to dislike Nora that much… 
Quentin couldn’t help asking, “What if Uncle Ian doesn’t make it?” 
The look in Joel’s eyes suddenly turned cold. “Then it’ll be the time that she gets married once she finishes two years of mourning for Uncle Ian.” 
As for who she’ll marry and how much money to give her once she does, Joel had the final say! 
Quentin nodded. 
He and Joel were of the same opinion with regard to Nora—neither of them liked her very much. After all, he was someone constantly in the shadows. Nora’s thoughts were just like his—unfit to be brought into the light. 
While he was thinking about it, Joel asked, “Has Nora woken up?” 
The sensitive Quentin discovered that Joel’s term of address for Nora had changed. From the distant and alienated ‘Ms. Smith’, it had now become ‘Nora’… Ahem!
Quentin straightened his back and replied, “I don’t know. She was still asleep when I left. She had looked so lazy, didn’t even work, and only knew to sleep every day in the past. But unexpectedly, she’s actually the famous Anti… Thinking about it again, it’s no wonder she’s so rich!” 
“… Rich?” 
Quentin nodded. “Yeah. Don’t you know? Louis has already become her fan just because she’s rich!” 
Joel couldn’t help remarking dryly, “What a promising future that fellow has.” 
“I know, right?” 
Quentin curled his lips disdainfully. “I, for one, won’t bend over just because she’s rich. If she wants my recognition… only if she’s the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister!” 
Joel: “…” 
Quentin looked at him again. “What does our little cousin have to do in order to gain your recognition, Joel?” 
Joel glanced at him, picked up company documents from the table, and said, “What a meaningless question.” 
Quentin curled his lips disdainfully. 
Joel’s phone vibrated at this point. He glanced at it and found that it was a text message from Tanya: ‘Please let me know when Nora returns.’ 
Joel sent her a question mark. 
Tanya immediately replied. As if she was eager to distance herself from him, she wrote: ‘Nora isn’t picking up my calls, so I reckon she’s still being detained! Cherry misses her mom. Tell her to pick up her
daughter once she returns.’ 
At the sight of the message, Joel immediately got up, picked up the car key, and walked out. 
Quentin was taken aback. “Where are you going, Joel? Aren’t you going to wait for our little cousin to come home?” 
Joel didn’t stop. He replied, “I’m picking up the child and bringing her home.” 
Quentin: “?” 
‘Child’? 
Wasn’t it the weekend? It didn’t seem like Mia had gone to school, though?! 
— 
Nora only came out of the room after she was done talking to Florence. 
She didn’t really blame Florence. In fact, her loyalty to Ian made her sigh in admiration. What kind of age were they already in? Yet there were still people who could go to that extent for their masters. 
No wonder Joel hadn’t driven her away after he took over the family. 
Morris asked, “How was it, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora gave him her serious feedback. “The interrogation room’s soundproofing is indeed pretty good. You can try using it if you ever have insomnia in the future.” 
Morris: “…” 
He was asking if Florence had said anything! He wasn’t asking about the interrogation room!! 
But as he watched the unaffected woman in front of him, he fell silent for a moment before he finally said, “I apologize for my actions previously, Ms. Smith. I’m sorry.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows when she heard him. 
Her lips curled into a smile and she suddenly said, “Apology accepted, Captain Ford, but I’d still like to ask you to do me a favor.” 
“What is it?” 
Nora cast her eyes down and asked, “Can you tell me just what kind of case am I involved in?” 
Her head had cleared up after she woke up. 
Morris kept quiet for a while. He looked up and stared at her for very long, seemingly considering whether he could tell her about it. At last, he stepped aside and said, “Let’s talk over there, Ms. Smith.” 
There were indeed some things he didn’t need to hide from her anymore. 
Nora nodded. She gave Justin a comforting look and followed Morris into the confidential room next door..
###Chapter 364: DNA Sample from Back Then?
Chapter 364: DNA Sample from Back Then? 
Justin stood there and watched helplessly as Morris took her into the secret room. He frowned. 
The confidentiality room was a room used for important cases in the country. No conversations inside would be recorded. 
Therefore, be it discussing the case or presenting the case, it would be inside. 
Back when Morris took Nora away forcefully and did not allow her to be bailed out, he knew that Nora might have been involved in a case. 
Now, the mystery was finally going to be solved, right? 
He lowered his eyes. His eyes were dark, and the mole at the corner of his eye seemed to be flickering. From his appearance, it seemed like he already knew what that secret was. 
— 
Nora originally thought that the soundproofing in the interrogation room was good enough, but when she entered the room and Morris closed the door, her heart skipped a beat. 
All the sounds outside were blocked by a door, making her feel as if she was isolated from the entire world. 
When she looked at Morris again, he was still as cold as ever. He pointed at the chair and motioned for her to sit down before sitting opposite her.
The two chairs were the same. He did not look like he was interrogating a criminal and it was like they were talking fairly. 
While Morris was still struggling with his choice of words, Nora asked, “Is it about illegal drugs and human trials?” 
Morris paused. “I didn’t expect Miss Nora to be so perceptive.” 
Nora rolled her eyes. 
How could she still not understand at this point! 
After Old Maddy’s incident, Morris had kept asking her if she had given Old Maddy any drugs. Then, he had detected some unknown components in Old Maddy’s blood. He immediately became nervous and his attitude became worse. 
At that time, Morris was certain that she had fed Old Maddy something. 
Later on, when he realized that Old Maddy’s blood contained drugs commonly used to poison rats and mosquitoes, Morris relaxed. He did not even participate in the arrest of Florence. 
If she still could not detect anything, she was too slow. 
Nora thought about this and asked, “Captain Ford, should we talk about this properly now?” 
Morris nodded and crossed his arms on the table. His posture seemed more like he was testing and wary. “Miss Nora, do you know that there is a mysterious organization in this world that outsiders don’t know about?” 
A mysterious organization? 
Nora’s first reaction was Imperial League.
She lowered her eyes and looked calm, but her heart felt as if it had been scalded. 
Imperial League was indeed a dangerous existence to be able to control the global economy. But according to what she knew, it didn’t do human experiments or illegal drugs. 
So it wasn’t Imperial League. 
She looked up at Morris and did not answer his question. “Please elaborate.” 
Morris observed the girl in front of him. 
She had just woken up. Perhaps it was because she had slept for too long, but her almond-shaped eyes were a little swollen. Although she had eaten, her voice was still a little hoarse. 
No one could guess what she was thinking. 
Actually, Morris had been observing her for a long time, but he felt like this girl was covered in a veil. Every time he felt that she was just an ordinary person, she would do something that surprised him. 
For example, her identity as Anti… 
At the thought of this, Morris lowered his eyes. “We still don’t know what that mysterious organization is called. We only know that they’re doing human experiments and illegal pharmaceuticals. Moreover, the drugs they create are very dangerous and will cause a destructive blow to the entire human race!” 
When Nora heard this, she slowly sat up straight. Her eyes became more serious. “A destructive blow?” 
“Yes,” Morris said slowly. “We’ve always guessed that they’re creating a virus and they’ve already started human trials more than twenty years ago!”
20 years ago? 
Nora frowned. “Is my mother related to this organization?” 
Morris was silent for a long time before he said slowly, “We suspect that your mother was from this organization, so we secretly arrested her back then.” 
At this point, he lowered his eyes. “At that time, my mother was the leader of the operation team. After her arrest, your mother said that she had a patient waiting for her to treat. Otherwise, that patient would die. She even said that only she could treat that illness.” 
Nora suddenly understood. “Your mother let my mother go and my mother ran away. That’s why you refused to let me go this time. You didn’t believe what I said?” 
Morris was speechless. 
What did she mean by refusing to let her go… 
He grimaced, ignoring her choice of words, and nodded. “Yes.” 
Nora suddenly understood his neurotic way of doing things. If it involved such a high-level case, forcing her to stay was understandable. 
After saying everything, Morris stood up and extended his hand to her. “So, please understand my actions again.” 
“Sure.” 
Nora did not shake his hand and just waved it casually.
As they walked out, Morris took the opportunity to say, “Florence’s poison was stolen from Yvonne’s room, but if Florence doesn’t say anything, we won’t be able to hold Yvonne responsible. If Miss Nora wants to bring the real criminal to justice, you’d better think of a way to convince Florence.” 
Nora stretched lazily. When she thought of Florence’s complaints about her, she lowered her eyes and said, “Unless I’m Ian’s biological daughter, it’s impossible to convince her!” 
Morris was speechless. 
Nora dragged her feet and lazily walked out the door. After meeting up with Justin, the two of them left the police station. 
As soon as she went out, Lily appeared in front of her. She wanted to say something, but she glanced at Justin and pulled Nora to the side. She asked nervously, “Anti, are you okay?” 
Nora nodded. “I’m fine.” 
Lily said indignantly, “What’s wrong with the Smiths? Is this how they treat you? It’s too much! Moreover, your DNA mutated a little in the later stages. No one can say for sure if you’re really Ryan’s daughter. I think your father is Ian!” 
Nora patted her shoulder. “If you don’t have evidence, don’t talk nonsense.” 
Whether she was Ryan’s daughter or Ian’s, there was no accurate news for now. Unless they got real evidence, Nora would not say anything to the Smiths. 
Otherwise, wouldn’t it be awkward if she was really Ryan’s daughter? 
Lily was so angry that she blew raspberries. “Evidence? How can we get evidence now? Unless we go back more than twenty years ago and save some DNA samples from your birth, where else can we find
evidence?” 
20 years ago… DNA samples? 
Nora suddenly thought of the manager who was protecting Idealian Pharmaceuticals for her mother. Her eyes lit up..
###Chapter 365: Who Is the Real Miss?
Chapter 365: Who Is the Real Miss? 
Although Nora had been in New York for two to three months, Idealian Pharmaceuticals would send the dividends to her account on time in the past few months. 
She just had a lot of money and never cared about it. 
However, now that she thought about it, Wayne was the manager her mother had personally chosen. He also managed Idealian Pharmaceuticals and did not let Henry interfere to snatch it away. He definitely had his own means! 
She nodded at Lily, picked up her phone, and walked to the side to call Wayne. 
As soon as the call connected, Wayne’s excited voice was heard. “Miss Nora, you’ve finally thought it through. Are you coming back to inherit the company?” 
Nora: “…” 
Why did this fellow seem so enthusiastic? 
How unwilling was he to manage the company! 
She grimaced and asked, “No, I just want to ask you a question.” 
The other party’s voice immediately lowered as he said listlessly, “Okay, ask away.” 
Nora asked, “Did my mother leave anything for me at your place?” 
“Yes!”
Before the other party could speak, Nora interrupted him. “Other than companionship and love, is there anything else?” 
“…About that!” Wayne dragged out his words and sighed. “What specifically do you want?” 
Nora asked tentatively, “For example, fetal hair? Or a blood sample?” 
Wayne: “Of course not. Miss Nora, why would your mom leave your fetal hair for me? I’m not a pervert. I don’t have a fetish for collecting hair!” 
Nora: “…” 
Wayne asked, “Miss Nora, are you busy?” 
Nora: “No, what’s wrong? Is there something wrong with the company?” 
“Not really. After all, our small company relied on the formula your mother left behind. It’s not a problem for us to prescribe some medicine. It can also ensure that you have no financial worries in your life.” Wayne began to nag. “I just want to say, when are you coming back to manage the company? I’m really too busy alone! You don’t even know that there are many miscellaneous matters in the company. As the chairman of Idealian Pharmaceuticals, you have to be responsible. You can’t leave everything to me alone. I’m already old… blah, blah…” 
Nora listened for a full minute. When she saw that he was still not stopping, she said, “By the way, what did you ask me just now?” 
Wayne: “… If you were busy?” 
Nora immediately said, “I’m very busy. I’m hanging up… Beep, beep, beep…” 
Wayne was speechless.
Hearing the busy tone on the phone, Nora pouted. She really couldn’t listen to a naggy person. 
She looked at Lily. “I might be busy for a while. Stay in the country for now.” 
“Okay.” 
As her first assistant, Lily was very competent. “Where do I stay?” 
Nora thought for a moment. “Stay with me in the Smiths.” 
After her identity was exposed, there would definitely be many people looking for her. It was very troublesome. This would require Lily to handle it. If there were problems that other doctors could resolve, Lily would help recommend them. If Nora had to do it, Lily would arrange a schedule for her. 
At the thought of this, Nora felt a headache coming on. 
She rubbed her temples and walked with Lily to Justin’s car. 
Justin stood at the side. When he saw the two of them walk over, he opened the back door, and Nora got into the car. Lily wanted to follow them, but she realized that Justin was blocking the door. 
Lily was stunned. She looked up and saw Justin glance at the front passenger seat. 
Lily immediately understood and stuck out her tongue. “I’ll be in the front passenger seat! I’m not an insensitive person, Anti’s boyfriend.” 
Anti’s boyfriend? 
Justin was a little stunned when he heard this title.
Usually, when he was outside, people would call him Mr. Hunt or Justin. This was the first time he was called Nora’s boyfriend. 
He suddenly liked this nickname. 
He lowered his head slightly and got into the car. He entered the backseat and sat with Nora. 
The journey was silent. After Justin took the two of them to the Smiths, he did not stay any longer. After all, he had not slept the entire night. He wanted to go back and recuperate. 
Besides, Cherry was still waiting for him at the Hunts. 
Nora brought Lily into the house. Just as they entered, the butler welcomed them. “Miss Nora, you’re back!” 
His attitude became much more respectful. 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. 
The butler bowed deeply to her. “Miss Nora, I was wrong to have misunderstood that you were trying to harm Old Maddy. I didn’t expect you to be the famous Anti. I was blind!” 
“Miss Nora, we misunderstood you!” 
When the other servants heard that she was back, they immediately walked out and bowed to her. 
Those who could work in wealthy families were not fools. 
Initially, they thought that Nora was going to use Old Maddy to make a name for herself. They did not expect that she was really going to treat him! 
On the other hand, Florence had stolen poison from Miss Yvonne’s study and almost killed Old Maddy!
It was obvious at a glance which young lady did not care about their lives! 
Initially, when Nora had come to live with the Smiths, everyone still felt some disdain for her. They felt that she was just a wild chicken who had become a phoenix thanks to her background. However, at this moment, everyone admired her from the bottom of their hearts. 
On the way back to her room, all the servants who saw her stood at a distance and bowed to her to express their apologies. 
The servants in the entire manor had a 180-degree change in attitude toward her! 
Nora entered the living room. The housekeeper, Lucy, who had just been promoted by Joel, hurried over. “Miss Nora, you’re finally back! Do you have any orders for me?” 
Nora glanced at him. 
Lucy was in her thirties. She looked very young and energetic. Her attitude toward her was very respectful. 
Nora pointed at Lily. “This is my assistant. She will be staying here for a period of time. Please arrange a guest room for her.” 
“No problem!” 
Lucy immediately said, “Miss Lily, you can wait in the living room and tell me the style of the room you like. I’ll choose a guest room that you like.” 
Nora was going upstairs to take a shower, so she went up first.
Lily sat in the living room. After choosing a guest room, Lucy arranged for someone to tidy it up and accompany her. 
At this moment, Yvonne suddenly walked down and casually instructed, “Lucy, come over. I have something to tell you.” 
Lucy was stunned and looked at Lily. “Miss Yvonne, there’s… a guest here.” 
Yvonne’s gaze instantly turned sharp as she stared at Lucy.. “Lucy, since you’re in this family, you should understand who the real daughter of this family is! The entire Smiths belong to my father!”
###Chapter 366: Umbilical Cord Blood!!
Chapter 366: Umbilical Cord Blood!! 
Lucy was Joel’s caretaker. 
It could be said that she was the nanny who had taken care of Joel since he was young. Because she was meticulous and smart, she had always worked for the Smiths. 
As Joel grew up, Lucy had also slowly been promoted and given a raise from taking care of him. Before Florence was taken away by the police, her words at home already carried a lot of weight. 
Even Florence and Yvonne were polite to her because of Joel. 
After all, Florence was already old, and Joel was the new head of the Smiths. Her future status could be imagined. 
Lucy had watched Yvonne grow up. She was loyal to Joel, so she naturally disliked Yvonne. 
After all… Joel was the one Ian had chosen. Yvonne was Ian’s adopted daughter, but she had a high status at home and always suppressed others. 
In the past, when she saw Maureen giving in to Yvonne, she couldn’t help but wonder if Joel would give in to her at home when he got married in the future. 
However, Joel’s wife would be the madam of the Smiths! She would also be the future matriarch of the Smiths! 
Therefore, Lucy and Yvonne were born to be enemies.
Coupled with the fact that Old Maddy had been poisoned, everyone knew that Florence was either under Yvonne’s orders or had been deceived. Therefore, they felt even more disdain for Yvonne. 
Yvonne had lost control of the family, and Lucy was now in charge of the family’s matters. 
Lucy did not feel threatened by her words. She only smiled and said, “Miss Yvonne, from what you’re saying, you’re older than Miss Nora. Of course, you’re the eldest daughter of the Smiths! It’s just that I still have a guest here. Furthermore, Mr. Joel has just handed the house to me. I have all kinds of miscellaneous matters to deal with here. I’m a quiet person and I’m cautious in my actions. I don’t dare to make any mistakes or embarrass myself in front of a guest. If news of this gets out, no one will scold me. They will only say that the Smiths’ upbringing is bad. Don’t you think so?” 
Yvonne: “!!” 
She had long known that Lucy was not a pushover, but she did not expect her to rebut her like this. 
Yvonne’s face turned red and white. 
The surrounding servants were clearly working, but Yvonne knew that they must have strained their ears to eavesdrop on their conversation. 
After Joel fired the housekeeper, Yvonne knew that Lucy would definitely hit her while she was down. When she made things difficult for Lucy earlier, she wanted everyone to see that even if she had done something wrong, she was still the owner of the Smiths! 
However, she did not expect to meet a wall with Lucy. 
She took a deep breath. She knew that at this moment, she had to turn the situation around. Otherwise, she would really be looked down upon.
She lowered her eyes. “Lucy, I only called you over to tell you how to entertain the guest. Why are you making it sound so grand? Or do you think that I, as the eldest daughter, have no right to give you instructions?” 
With that, she sneered. “Dad is indeed in the hospital. Joel is in charge of the family now, but Dad is still around. Do you think he’ll be happy to know that you’re talking to me like this after he wakes up?” 
Lucy choked. 
Ian was equivalent to the emperor emeritus in the family. Everyone knew that he had the ability to take back control of the family. It was just that Joel was very filial and Ian was very satisfied with him! 
Lucy did not dare to say such words. She immediately stood up. “Miss Yvonne, what do you want to say?” 
Yvonne glanced at Lily and said, “Since there’s a guest at home, let’s add a few dishes tonight! This lady must have returned from overseas. She must be very interested in the delicacies in New York. We can prepare a sweet and sour fish.” 
The list of dishes prepared in the kitchen had long been prepared. If Yvonne suddenly added more dishes, the chef would definitely have to rush out to buy ingredients. This would make things difficult for the kitchen. 
However, Lucy still agreed with a smile. “Miss Yvonne is right. I’ll get someone to prepare it right away.” 
Yvonne nodded. 
When she turned around and walked upstairs, she sensitively saw Lucy purse her lips and make a disdainful expression.
Yvonne forcefully suppressed the anger in her heart. 
She was just a servant, yet she dared to be rude to her! 
Furthermore, the rest of the family’s attitude toward her had clearly changed. There was coldness in their distance, just like how they treated Nora in the past. 
But so what? 
Nora was the daughter of the second branch. She was basically from the side family! Now, the Smiths’ direct line of descent was her! 
As long as she was still Ian’s legal daughter, then she would have a share of his family fortune! Even if she was an adopted daughter, she was still better than Nora, the legitimate cousin of the Smiths! 
After all, how could a niece get an uncle’s inheritance? 
In the Smiths, her identity as Yvonne would forever suppress Nora! 
— 
At this moment, outside the door. 
Lisa stood there and was answering a call. It was Nora’s aunt, Irene. “…I wonder how Nora is now. Go and take a look. Why is she suspected of medical malpractice? This child didn’t say anything either. If I hadn’t seen the news, I wouldn’t have known! Sigh!” 
Lisa stood at the door, feeling a little conflicted. “Mom, Nora isn’t Henry’s biological daughter. Isn’t it bad for me to go looking for her like this?”
Ever since she found out that Nora was not Henry’s biological daughter, Lisa did not dare to visit her again. 
Now that she knew Nora was her mentor, Anti, she became even more fearful! 
However, after watching the live broadcast and the news, she was the same as her mother. She was very worried about Nora’s comfort in the Smiths. Did the Smiths not treat her well enough? 
Lisa looked at the imposing door in front of her and became even more hesitant. 
She did not expect Nora to be this family’s daughter… 
As she was feeling ashamed of herself, Irene’s voice was heard. “What’s wrong with that? I believe Nora isn’t that kind of person! She’ll acknowledge us!” 
Lisa nodded and took a deep breath. “Alright.” 
At this moment, Lisa’s father, Bobby, said, “Honey, do you remember Lisa’s umbilical cord blood?” 
Irene was stunned. “What’s wrong?” 
Bobby said, “Back then, when you gave birth to Lisa, we spent about 3,000 dollars to keep her umbilical cord blood for more than twenty years. The hospital called me just now and asked if we wanted to keep it for a while longer.” 
Irene immediately said, “Is it expired? Then you can renew the fees.” 
With that, she sighed. “Speaking of which, I learned how to store umbilical cord blood from Nora’s mother. When she gave birth to Nora, she had kept her umbilical cord blood for her. Now, it should still
be in the hospital’s freezer. By the way, Lisa, when you see Nora, remember to tell her.. She definitely doesn’t know about this yet! If it’s useful in the future…”
###Chapter 367: Two Actresses
Chapter 367: Two Actresses 
“What nonsense are you talking about?” Bobby interrupted Irene. “When would you need the umbilical cord blood? I hope she won’t need to use it for the rest of her life!” 
Cord blood was mainly used to treat blood diseases, such as leukemia. Under normal circumstances, it would definitely not be needed. 
Irene immediately snorted. “Yes, Nora definitely won’t need it. But we still have to tell her.” 
The disappointing brother at home had already disappeared for a long time. The Blacks in California were living more comfortably than before. 
Especially since Bobby had recently been in a few big business deals with the company. 
Although Bobby did not know who had helped him, he had a feeling that it might be related to Nora. 
He was a good kid who knew how to repay kindness. Back then, he had misunderstood that Nora did not care about his wife’s life. However, when he saw the live broadcast, he finally understood why Nora was so indifferent back then. 
It turned out that the doctor she had found for the Blacks was herself! 
Bobby was feeling guilty about chasing her out of the hospital back then, so he snatched the phone away and said to Lisa, “When you see Nora, remember to help me bring her home. Ask her to bring the child over to play when she’s free. I’ll make her favorite brown sugar rice cake!” 
“…Okay.” Lisa hung up the phone and looked at the luxurious door in front of her again. She thought for a long time before knocking on the door.
The door opened quickly. The guard asked, “Who are you looking for?” 
Lisa: “…I’m looking for Nora.” 
The guard looked her up and down. “Wait a minute.” 
“Okay.” 
The guard called and entered the hall. The housekeeper, Lucy, had just tidied up the guest room for Lily. After receiving the call, she was about to call Nora to ask if she should come in when she was stopped by Lily. “Let Miss Lisa in first. An… Miss Nora should be sleeping right now. Don’t disturb her.” 
Lily knew Nora’s body very well. She had spent the entire day at the police station yesterday and went to treat Old Maddy at night. Even though she had slept for a while, her energy had not recovered yet. She must be sleeping right now! 
Lucy listened to Lily and let the guard bring Lisa in. 
Upstairs, Yvonne listened to their conversation and bit her lip in anger. She was just a servant, and she would chatter away after saying a few words. However, when Nora’s assistant spoke, she was as obedient as anything. She simply did not take her seriously! 
How infuriating! 
— 
When Lisa was led into the Smiths’ residence, she was first stunned by the lavish courtyard. 
This was New York! 
In places where every inch of land was worth money, they actually had such a large manor. Furthermore, she was perceptive to the fact that some places had flowers planted and some places
had vegetables. This was the first time Lisa experienced the difference between her and a truly wealthy family! 
She was already so terrified. No wonder Nora was being bullied here! 
Yes, she was certain that Nora had suffered in the Smiths. 
It was just medical malpractice. Even in California, if Henry did not appear, her parents could still bail her out. But in New York, the Smiths actually allowed Nora to be detained for 24 hours! 
Wasn’t it just because they were rich? 
As Lisa thought about this, she became even more furious. 
At this moment, a playful voice was heard. “Hey, who is this?” 
Lisa turned around and saw a man around her age with blond hair… To be precise, it was a young man walking over. She frowned when she heard the housekeeper say, “Mr. Louis, this is Miss Nora’s cousin from California.” 
Louis immediately sized up Lisa when he heard this. 
Was this his cousin’s trash family in California? 
Ever since Nora became his idol, he had asked around about her. When he asked around, he was instantly furious. He did not expect his cousin to live like that in California! 
Especially that shameless cheap father of hers. He had taken her mother’s money and still treated her so badly!
Therefore, Louis did not have a good impression of the family in California. When he saw Lisa, he immediately sneered. “Tsk, are you here to take advantage of Nora now that she has become a phoenix?” 
Taking advantage of Nora? 
Lisa felt Louis’s disdain and was instantly infuriated. 
She was still a guest, yet he was already being so rude. Wouldn’t the Smiths be even more rude to Nora? 
The soft person had also lost her temper. She was so angry that her face was red and her voice was trembling. “What’s so great about you? Do you have to look down on me?” 
Louis raised his head and placed his hands on his hips. “The Smiths are very impressive. Country bumpkin, you must have never seen such a big courtyard, right?” 
Country bumpkin? 
Did they scold Nora like that too? 
Lisa kicked the flower bed beside her in anger. “Who are you calling a country bumpkin?” 
Louis made a face. “Whoever cares about it is the country bumpkin! What do you think your family is? Tsk, little girl, I advise you to be careful. Do you know how much this jar of flowers costs? Any one of them is worth thousands of dollars! If you broke it, can you afford to pay?” 
Lisa: “!!” 
Her eyes were red as she glared at the jar of flowers. She walked to the other side and planned to kick the grass, but Louis said proudly, “The grass over there is no ordinary grass. It’s orchid! One stalk is
worth tens of thousands! Are you sure you want to kick it?” 
Lisa paused again and looked to the side. 
Louis clicked his tongue and showed a disdainful expression. “Little girl, the piece of land you’re standing on is worth hundreds of thousands per square meter. Our family is rich, what can you say?” 
Lisa: “!!” 
She was furious. “Even if you have a lot of money, you can’t buy kinship. Why are you looking down on us?” 
Louis didn’t notice this “us” and thought that she was talking about the family in California. Therefore, he stuck out his tongue. “I’m just looking down on you. Hit me if you dare!” 
As soon as he said this, Lisa had already raised her little fist and punched him in the face. “I’m so angry! I’ll let you know today that money is not everything. There are some people you can’t afford to offend!” 
Louis took a nimble step back and Lisa chased after him. 
The two of them immediately started fighting. 
This was what Lily saw when she went out. 
Both of them had their hands on their hips. 
Louis said annoyingly, “Hmph, your family bullied my cousin. Now, it’s my turn to bully you!” 
Lisa’s face was also red as she roared angrily, “The Smiths are bullying my cousin.. Let me tell you, my cousin and the Blacks are not people who can be bullied easily!”
###Chapter 368: Aren’t You from the Smiths?
Chapter 368: Aren’t You from the Smiths? 
At this moment, Lisa was pinching Louis’s face while Louis was pushing Lisa’s neck to prevent her from getting too close to him. Louis did not dare to make a move. After all, the other party was a girl and he was still merciful. 
The two of them were stunned when they heard each other. 
Lisa’s grip loosened. “What did you say?” 
Louis was stunned too. “What did you say? The Blacks? Aren’t you the Smiths from California?” 
Lisa: “?” 
Louis thought for a moment and coughed. “I think we misunderstood. Let go and talk things out.” 
Lisa was furious. “No, let go of me first.” 
Louis: “…Why don’t I call out ‘one, two, three’ and we’ll let go together?” 
“Okay.” 
“One, two, three…” 
Even after he finished counting, they were still intertwined. 
Louis said, “Let go!” 
Lisa: “Let go of me first!”
Lily was speechless. 
The two of them were already 20 years old. Together, they were already 40! Yet, they were still so childish! 
The corners of her lips twitched. She took a step forward and said, “Louis, Lisa, you’ve misunderstood! You’re both Nora’s best relatives! Let go of each other quickly!” 
Louis asked hesitantly, “What are you talking about? Didn’t you say that the Smiths in California treated her badly?” 
“…It’s the Smiths’ fault. Lisa is the daughter of Nora’s aunt. If it weren’t for Nora’s aunt, she might have starved to death when she was young!” 
Louis let go of her immediately when he heard that. “It’s a misunderstanding. Why aren’t you letting go? It hurts!” 
Lisa looked at Lily. “Who are you? Are you treating Nora badly like the Smiths?” 
Lily: “…I’m Lily! Anti’s assistant! Lisa, please let go. The Smiths have never treated Nora badly!” 
As medical students, Anti was a God to them. And Anti’s assistant, Lily, was also a legend. After all, those who could be Anti’s assistants definitely had good medical skills! 
Even Lily was an outstanding surgeon! 
Lisa felt a sense of respect for her and hurriedly let go of Louis. Her face was red with embarrassment. “Miss Lily! I’m, I’m sorry… I didn’t know…” 
She lowered her head and stammered sheepishly. 
Louis pointed at her angrily. “Why are you acting weak here? I think you did it on purpose!”
Lisa immediately lost her earlier cautiousness and raised her chin like a fighting chicken. “You were the one who started talking bad about me the moment you entered!” 
“You even beat me up! I’ll tell Nora later how savage this little cousin of hers is! What a yellow-haired brat!” 
Lisa: “!!” 
She was furious. “You, you’re the real yellow-haired brat!” 
Louis: “” 
He touched his blond hair and was furious. He hated it when people pointed out his yellow hair. He looked at Lisa and roared, “Say that again if you dare!” 
Lisa: “You’re already a yellow-haired brat. Why can’t you let others say it?” 
Louis took a step forward and was about to scare her when he tripped and suddenly pounced at Lisa. 
Lisa was not as agile and was immediately pinned under him. 
Fortunately, there was a big lawn beneath them. It did not hurt much, but coincidentally, Louis’s lips were on Lisa’s. 
Everyone: “!!” 
After 10 seconds of silence, Louis stood up with his hands on the grass in a daze. 
Lisa’s eyes widened as she wiped her mouth with all her might. “Ah, you pervert!” 
Seeing her look of disdain, Louis pouted. “I don’t have an infectious disease. Aren’t you overreacting?”
He touched his lips, and for some reason, he suddenly recalled that soft feeling from earlier. His face turned a little red. At this moment, he saw Lisa turn to look at the ground. Her eyes immediately turned red, and large tears rolled down her face. 
Louis was shocked. “Hey, what are you doing? Isn’t it just a kiss? Is it worth crying and making a scene?” 
Lisa cried, “Of course you don’t feel anything! But… I can’t afford to pay for these lawns!” 
Louis: “!!” 
It turned out that this was the reason! 
He scratched his head and coughed. “Don’t cry. These lawns are not expensive.” 
Another tear fell from Lisa’s eye. “Didn’t you just say that a single orchid cost hundreds of thousands?” 
Louis: “…I lied to you.” 
“…” 
Lisa wiped her tears and was so angry that her heart hurt. What kind of family did Nora live in?! The people here were all too perverted! 
She followed Lily into the living room angrily. 
Louis followed her in and sat on the sofa. He had his hands behind his head and glanced at Lisa from time to time. 
At this moment, Yvonne walked down from upstairs and smiled. “There’s another guest at home?” 
Her behavior was still magnanimous and appropriate. She looked like someone from a noble family, and Lisa immediately sat up straight and felt restrained.
Lucy replied, “Miss Yvonne, she’s Miss Nora’s cousin.” 
Yvonne smiled. “Nora really has a lot of friends and relatives!” 
Her words were filled with mockery. 
Lisa bit her lip. She had always been a sensitive and suspicious girl. It was obvious that she could sense Yvonne’s hostility. 
Especially when Yvonne looked at her from head to toe, her eyes filled with disdain. 
Lisa didn’t even know where to put her hands and feet. 
At this moment, Louis said, “Tsk, why are you acting as the mistress here? I heard that Joel has taken away all your rights! I should really buy some firecrackers to celebrate!” 
Yvonne clenched her fists and smiled. “Louis, there’s a guest here. Speak properly.” 
She looked like a good sister. 
Louis pouted. “She’s not a guest. She’s Nora’s cousin, which means she’s also my cousin.” 
Yvonne smiled. “But isn’t Nora unrelated to the Smiths in California? I heard that she broke off ties with them during the last live broadcast.” 
These words made Lisa even more embarrassed. It was as if she was pestering them right now. 
She stood up suddenly and was about to say goodbye when she heard Louis laugh. 
Yvonne asked, “What are you laughing about?”
Louis touched his hair. “I’m laughing at you. Anyone else can talk about blood relations, but can you? You’re not related to our family by blood.. According to your logic, you’re not a member of the Smiths?”
###Chapter 369: Pete’s Sense of Security
Chapter 369: Pete’s Sense of Security 
“You—” 
He dissed Yvonne to the point that she was rendered speechless. 
She turned and went upstairs in a huff. 
Louis curled his lips disdainfully behind her and said to Lisa, “Don’t bother with her. She’s just spoiled.” 
Spoiled? 
Lisa bit her lip. “She looks pretty graceful to me, though.” 
Louis gnashed his teeth in fury and said, “It’s all an act. I know that woman the best, we grew up together. She does one thing in front of other people and another altogether behind their backs, and is the most hypocritical person ever. She has no blood relation to the Smiths. She’d be nothing at all if Uncle Ian hadn’t adopted her.” 
“… Oh,” said Lisa. 
After saying that, Louis realized that it wasn’t appropriate for him to badmouth his family to an outsider, so he said, “Just keep waiting here. I’ll go up for now.” 
He had a bedroom in the Smiths’ manor. When Louis heard that Yvonne was no longer taking charge at home, he had come back excitedly, hoping to see her down and out. 
He had made up his mind—he was going to move back to the Smiths’ from this day on!
— 
In the suburbs of New York. 
Tanya was playing games with Pete in the villa. She had specially bought a jigsaw puzzle meant for twelve-year-olds and above, which had a higher level of difficulty, so that she could keep Pete company. 
But unexpectedly, a brief two minutes later, Tanya looked at the completed jigsaw puzzle on the floor, and then at Pete, who sighed and said, “It’s too easy.” 
Tanya: “…” 
She asked tentatively: “Shall I buy you a jigsaw puzzle meant for grown-ups next time?” 
“… God-mom, do you like jigsaw puzzles a lot?” 
Tanya: “?” 
Pete sighed and said, “I’ve already played with you for so long. Can I go and do my Olympiad assignments now?” 
Tanya: “!!” 
So, to Pete, doing jigsaw puzzles with her was actually a waste of time and energy?! 
The corners of Tanya’s lips spasmed. “Go ahead.” 
Only then did a satisfied Pete walk over to the desk next to them and take out his Mathematical Olympiad workbook from his schoolbag. Before he started working on the problems, he suddenly looked at Tanya and asked, “Is Mommy really okay?” 
Tanya was taken aback.
She had brought Pete back with her after school the day before. Pete had followed her home without saying anything at that time. She’d thought that he wouldn’t ask about it, but unexpectedly, he was actually such a perceptive boy. 
Tanya said, “She’ll be fine.” 
Pete kept quiet for a while before he asked, “Mommy will come and pick me up, right?” 
Tanya: “…” 
The way he was asking those questions so seriously and with such a tense look on his face broke Tanya’s heart. 
It was only then that Tanya realized that even though Nora had found Pete, and that even though he was sleeping on the same bed as his mother every day these days, Pete was actually still very insecure at heart. 
She walked over, hugged Pete, and kissed him on the cheek. “Don’t worry, she’ll definitely come. Your mom loves you very, very much. When we were looking for our children abroad back then, she was really crazy about it.” 
Her words piqued Pete’s interest all of a sudden. He asked, “How so?” 
Tanya: “?” 
Pete put down the workbook in his hand and looked at her seriously, his eyes full of interest. He really wanted to know all the details! 
The corners of Tanya’s lips spasmed. She had gotten him so many toys, yet none of them had aroused Pete’s interest at all. Instead, a simple one-liner from her had unexpectedly made the boy so fixated on something.
She could only say, “Your mom was in poor health when she first went overseas. Even so, she insisted on coming to our meetings every week and listened to us share our experiences in looking for our children. After that, she would try again and again to return to the States. At that time, she was falling comatose for a while almost every day, so your grand-aunt never allowed her to come back. Thus, she got people to look for you in the country instead. 
“I remember that there was once a liar who called your mom and told her that he had found clues about your whereabouts. We all knew he was a liar, but your mom believed him. I tried to talk her out of it when she was giving him money, but she instead said, ‘I know he’s a liar, but what if he really has news about my son? I won’t allow myself to miss out on any possibility.’ 
“There was also another time someone told her that they might have news about you. She had a fever at that time, but she still made herself go over. In the end, it also turned out to be fake news, but she passed out in the wilderness and was almost eaten by wild dogs…” 
Tanya’s eyes reddened as she spoke. 
It hadn’t been easy for her and Nora during all those years back then. 
Nora’s suffering had already come to an end, but what about her? 
There was still no news about her child even now. 
Tanya lowered her head. She didn’t notice Pete’s eyes flickering. 
Even though Pete now had a mother, he had still felt insecure all this time. After all, his family was incomplete, and Mommy was always finding Daddy too troublesome. 
He had actually had nightmares quite a few times.
He dreamed that Mommy had gone abroad with Cherry and didn’t want him anymore. He kept chasing after them, but he simply couldn’t catch up to them at all. 
His feet were so heavy in the dream. 
He was afraid that Mommy would suddenly separate from Daddy one day and leave him. 
Listening to Tanya talk about how Mommy had looked for him so painstakingly back then made him distressed, but also relieved at the same time. 
What Cherry said was true—Mommy had never given up on him before. 
After Tanya talked about the past for a while, the doorbell suddenly rang. 
Pete got up at once. “It must be Mommy!” 
Tanya stared at him, caught between laughter and tears. It was only at times like this that Pete looked like what a boy his age should look like. 
She smiled and went to open the door. “You’re finally here! Your little brat is already sick of me by now!” 
She opened the door as she spoke intimately, only to see Joel standing outside instead. 
Tanya was stunned. “Why are you here?” 
Joel’s fox-like eyes, which easily made one feel as though he was deeply in love with them, were fixed on her. 
But Tanya knew exactly how heartless the man was. 
Seeing her expression go from joy to wariness, Joel lowered his gaze, acerbity filling his heart.
He said softly, “Nora is fine now. I came to take the child home.” 
Tanya was a little taken aback when she heard his term of address for Nora. Then, she looked away and uttered, “Oh.” 
She then glanced at Pete and asked, “Has she gone home yet?” 
“No, but she’ll be home soon.” 
Tanya was very wary. She said, “You can’t take the child if she isn’t home. Let’s wait until she’s home.” 
“Okay.” Joel was unexpectedly agreeable. He asked, “Are you planning to have me wait outside, Ms. Turner?” 
Tanya: “…” 
Seeing that Joel was about to enter, Tanya stopped him at the door and said, “It’s not quite appropriate for a man and a woman to be alone together this late at night, is it, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel kept quiet for a moment before he said, “Isn’t the child also at home?” 
The way he spoke sounded as if the child was theirs. 
Tanya sneered and said, “The child is still young, so it’s still inappropriate. You’d better go back to the car and wait there instead, Mr. Smith. I’ll let you take the child once Nora gets home and retrieves her cell phone, and I confirm things with her..”
###Chapter 370
Bam! 
Tanya closed the door right after saying that. 
Joel: “…” 
Joel could faintly hear Pete ask, “Was it not Mommy at the door, God-mom? Who was it, then?” 
“Oh, just an annoying fly,” replied Tanya. 
Joel: “…” 
Half an hour later. 
The perturbed and distracted Tanya glanced at the window. 
The moment she did, she found herself stunned. 
Joel was standing at the door, his tall and straight figure casting a long, drawn-out shadow on the ground. 
The dazed Tanya felt as if she had gone back a few years in time. Back then, she would always see a figure like that standing outside every time she walked out of the classroom after class. 
At that time, the sight of the man had made her excited and happy. 
But the figure instead seemed somewhat solitary and lonely now, making her sad. 
Tanya withdrew her gaze, lowered her head, and looked at the floor. Complicated emotions churned in the depths of her heart.
Sometime later, when Tanya looked up once more, she found that the figure at the door was gone. An empty feeling welled up in her. 
She couldn’t tell what kind of feeling it was. She forced a smile, looked at Pete, and said, “Your mommy should be home soon.” 
Pete nodded. However, he then said, “Uncle Joel looks unwell to me, though.” 
Unwell? 
Tanya followed his gaze and looked over to see that Joel had changed positions at some point. He was now standing in a corner visible from the living room window. 
His head was down, and he had one hand pressed against his abdomen and the other against the wall for support. 
She couldn’t tell whether it was the lighting or because he really was unwell, but he looked as pale as a sheet. His lips were so pale that they were practically transparent, and there was cold sweat on his forehead. 
“Uncle Joel must be in pain, right? Why not let him in, God-mom?” 
Pete’s words interrupted Tanya’s thoughts. 
She said coldly, “It has nothing to do with me even if he’s dead.” 
Yet, despite saying that, she kept looking outside. 
She couldn’t help but sneer deep down. 
It was the same old trick.
He always acted weak and frail back when they were still in school. Every time he made her angry, he would always stand outside their dormitory. Even when it rained, he simply refused to leave. 
He never apologized, but always stood there so stubbornly so that she would relent. 
She had been so naive at that time. 
When the sun was bright and glaring, she would worry that he would be sunburnt. When it rained, she would worry that he would get drenched… 
He really had her wrapped around his little finger. 
Her heart was as hard as iron now, though, so how would she possibly still be deceived by his little tricks? 
Besides, it was impossible for him to leave the house without bodyguards or his personal assistant. After all, as the head of the Smiths, his status was awfully noble and prestigious! 
The thought had only just formed when she saw Joel’s legs give in and he fell onto one knee on the ground. 
Tanya subconsciously took a few steps toward him. Then, she opened the door and rushed out. 
She went over to Joel. The man, who likely heard her footsteps, turned to look at her. He was very pale, so he probably wasn’t putting up an act. His voice was also very soft, and he sounded a little aggrieved as he said, “I knew you wouldn’t ignore me, Tanya.” 
“…” 
For a moment, tears almost fell from Tanya’s eyes. 
However, she held them back and looked around. “Where are your assistants? And your bodyguards?”
Joel seemed like he wanted to say something, but in the end, he merely said, “I don’t want to go to the hospital.” Then, his eyes closed and he fainted. 
Tanya was dumbfounded. 
There was a reason why Joel said that he didn’t want to go to the hospital. He had always refused to go even when they were still in school. 
He had always toughed it out whenever he was sick, so he never went for checkups even when he had stomach problems. 
What was he up to now, though? Was he staging an accident? 
Tanya was so mad that she stretched out her foot, intending to give him a hard kick. 
The bodyguard hiding in the distance wanted to rush forward but was stopped by Joel’s assistant. 
The assistant said, “The gesture that Mr. Joel made before he fainted was telling us not to go over!” 
The bodyguard retorted, “Even so, we can’t just watch as someone hits him!” 
“She won’t.” 
“What?” 
The bodyguards looked over to see that Tanya’s foot had stopped less than an inch from him. 
Tanya looked around hesitantly. She frowned and wondered out loud, “Did he really not bring his assistant with him?
“What incompetent bodyguards! What if he was sick elsewhere instead? What are you gonna do if that happens?” 
Even though she was complaining, she nevertheless bent over and held the man up. 
Just like that, the bodyguards in the distance watched as their master was dragged into the house while the woman stumbled and bumped him about. 
The rough girl also kept on swearing as she moved… 
— 
Nora slept right until the next day. 
After making up for all her lost sleep, she got out of bed all refreshed and stretched. Then, she looked at her cell phone and noticed that Tanya had sent her several messages. 
They seemed very urgent. 
However, Tanya probably knew that she needed to make up for lost sleep, so she hadn’t called and disturbed her rest, no matter how anxious she was. 
She picked up the phone and took a look. Their chat was still at the point when she got home the day before. At that time, when she saw the messages that Tanya had sent, she had replied: ‘I’m home now. You can send Pete back with Joel now.’ 
She had fallen into a deep sleep after that. 
But why wasn’t Pete by her side when she woke up? 
She looked at the chat again. Tanya had been sending her the same thing:
‘Are you awake?’ 
‘Are you awake?’ 
‘Are you awake?’ 
She had practically asked the same thing once every hour, which made that seven or eight times in total. It was enough to show how bad of a mental breakdown she was having. 
Nora was rather hesitant. Pete was a very well-behaved boy. Surely he wasn’t that hard to take care of, was he? 
While wondering about it, she replied: ‘I’m up.’ 
Tanya called the very next moment. 
She picked it up. She’d only just said ‘hello’ when Tanya’s loud voice reached her through the phone. “My goodness, you slept for twelve hours again! Didn’t you wake up a little too late?!” 
Nora rubbed her ears. “Yeah. What’s up?” 
“Hurry up and come over to pick up your son.” 
Nora uttered an ‘okay’. Then, she asked, “Is that it?” 
Tanya paused and then quietly added, “And! Your! Elder! Brother! Too!” 
She seemed to be gnashing her teeth in fury with every word she said, which went to show just how angry and resentful she was. 
Did she say ‘elder brother’, though? 
Nora didn’t realize what she was saying for a while there. She asked, “Which brother?”
“… How many elder brothers do you have?!” 
Tanya practically roared the question. 
Nora answered seriously, “If you try counting, there are six boys in the Smiths, so I have five older brothers and one younger brother. You’re talking about… Joel?” 
“… Yes!!” 
Nora was puzzled. “Didn’t he go over to pick up Pete for me? How did he end up staying there instead?” 
“…” 
The woman on the other end suppressed her anger and said, “You have half an hour. If you don’t come over in time, then this friendship is over!! Beep… beep… beep…” 
Nora glanced at the phone in horror and raised her eyebrows. 
Then, she slowly brushed her teeth and washed up. After she was done, she finally went out. 
As soon as she went downstairs, Lucy saw her and said excitedly, “You’re finally awake, Ms. Nora!” 
“What’s the matter?” asked Nora. 
Lucy replied, “Your cousin is here!!”
###Chapter 371: I’ll Be Right There!
Chapter 371: I’ll Be Right There! 
Nora was surprised to hear that. She looked around and asked, “Where is she?” 
Lucy replied, “… Because you didn’t wake up, she has left again. She said that she’ll come over and visit you again either today or tomorrow.” 
It was the next morning, so Lisa had already left a long time ago. 
She nodded. “Okay.” 
She then sent a text message to Lisa and asked her to come over in the evening. 
Lisa, however, didn’t agree right away. Instead, she asked: ‘Um, will Louis be there tonight?’ 
Nora: “?” 
She looked around and asked, “Is Louis home?” 
Lucy replied, “He went out early in the morning. Do you need him for something, Ms. Nora?” 
“No.” Nora thought for a while and asked, “Will he be home in the afternoon?” 
Lucy replied, “Most likely not.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora sent Lisa a reply: ‘No, he won’t.’ 
Lisa seemed relieved. She wrote: ‘Okay. See you tonight, Nora.’
Nora: “…” 
She was just asleep for a night, but it seemed like some incredible things had happened? 
Why was one asking her to pick up Joel and the other avoiding Louis as if she was scared of something? 
She looked at Lucy hesitantly but didn’t ask anything in the end. She went straight downstairs and drove to the villa in the suburbs. 
As soon as she arrived, she saw Tanya, pulling a long face at the door. At the sight of her, she said with a livid look on her face, “You sure came really quick.” 
Nora yawned. “Yeah, I didn’t even have breakfast.” 
The corners of Tanya’s lips spasmed. “Should you have breakfast and take a nap before you come, then?” 
Nora laughed. “That works, too.” 
“…” 
Tanya took a deep breath, turned, and led her into the house. 
Inside, Joel was lying on the sofa and reading a magazine comfortably. Next to him, Pete was practicing his Mathematical Olympiad problems. Occasionally, when he encountered something he wasn’t sure about, he would ask Joel, who would then slowly explain it to him. 
When Tanya first came in and saw how the two of them got along, there was a moment where she had the illusion that they were a family… 
If… if her child were by her side, would they also live so blissfully like a family?
As soon as the thought formed, Tanya immediately discarded it. She said, “I’ve found you a chauffeur.” 
Joel and Pete looked at Nora in unison. 
Pete’s eyes lit up at once. 
Joel also nodded gently. 
Tanya continued. “You’ve already taken the medicine, ate something, and even slept here and rested enough. Now that I’ve even found a chauffeur for you, surely you can go?” 
Joel got up, his face still a little pale. 
He was still holding his abdomen, but his smile was a little more genuine than usual. His fox-like eyes were full of warmth and a doting look as he said, “Yeah.” 
Tanya: “…” 
She turned and went up the stairs. “Alright, hurry up and take your kid and your brother with you. I can finally have a good rest now. It’s Monday tomorrow, so I have to work! Teaching a group of naughty little kids to dance is so tiring! Why is my life so hard?!” 
She went upstairs while muttering under her breath and then slammed her bedroom door shut. 
Nora, whose hands were in her pocket, raised her eyebrows and glanced at Pete. 
Pete had already taken the opportunity to pack his bag and was obediently carrying it at the moment. He walked up to her and held her hand tightly. 
Sensing how tightly her son was holding her hand, Nora immediately understood after thinking about it for a moment. She looked down at him and explained, “Mommy was too sleepy when she got home yesterday…”
“I know, Mommy.” A well-behaved Pete replied, “Don’t worry, I won’t disturb your sleep.” 
Nora: “…” 
She raised her head again and looked at Joel, but saw that he was still staring at the upper floor. Nora said, “Let’s go?” 
Only then did Joel retract his gaze and nod. 
The two went out, but when they got into the car, Joel said, “I’ll drive.” 
“… Are you feeling well enough?” asked Nora. 
Joel nodded without any change in expression. “Well enough.” 
“… Oh, okay,” Nora said. 
Without standing on ceremony at all, she took Pete with her and sat in the backseat while Joel went to the driver’s seat. On the way home, while Nora was thinking about something, Joel suddenly said, “She’s ultimately still Uncle Ian’s adopted daughter.” 
Nora was surprised. 
Joel lowered his gaze and said indifferently, “To be honest, Uncle Ian has been comatose ever since he went to the Hunts’ party and brought you back. He has a brain tumor and needs to undergo surgery if he wants to recover. It’s said that Anti is the only one who can achieve the best results for his operation at the moment.” 
Nora said, “I can take a look at him.”
Joel spoke again. This time, he sounded a little more intimate and also spoke more, as though he was giving her an explanation. He said, “Don’t worry. Based on my understanding of Uncle Ian, since he has already acknowledged you as a Smith, he won’t mind your identity that much. But because he’s still in a coma and can’t give the word, other people in the family will have some misunderstandings about you.” 
Was he giving her an explanation for why he was so lukewarm to her previously? 
It didn’t really matter to Nora, though. After all, this was understandable. 
A man—especially a successful one like Ian—could have all the women in the world if he really wanted, yet the woman whom he had been deeply in love with for his entire life had, from how he saw it, gotten into a relationship with his brother instead. 
He would be too magnanimous if he really didn’t mind. 
Joel’s choice of words had also been that he “wouldn’t mind that much”. Nora would never flatter herself that much and think that he would really treat her as his niece. 
Joel, however, added, “But he’s someone who makes a clear distinction between his public and private interests. Yvonne is his daughter, so he’s the only one who can deal with her.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Was it okay for her to interpret what he just said to mean that Ian would eventually deal with Yvonne? 
She hadn’t expected Joel to stand up for her. 
At the thought of how Yvonne had tempted Florence into poisoning Old Maddy in order to go against her, Nora narrowed her eyes and said, “Okay.” 
Joel drove seriously and didn’t speak anymore. 
Joel didn’t get out of the car when they arrived at the Smiths’. He explained, “I have something to take care of at the company.” 
After lazing for a day in the villa, he had to pay back what he owed, after all. 
Nora nodded. 
She took Pete into the house and they had lunch together. 
In the afternoon, she sent a text message to Lisa: ‘Are you here yet?’ 
Lisa replied: “I’m on the way. Be there soon.” 
Nora put her phone aside and waited for Lisa. 
Her aunt must have seen the live-stream and become worried when she learned of the case, so she had sent Lisa here. Her aunt would probably continue to worry until Lisa saw with her own eyes that she was alright. 
Also, for some reason, she had a vague feeling that Lisa would bring her some kind of news when she arrived..
###Chapter 372: Choosing Clothes
Chapter 372: Choosing Clothes 
Pete went upstairs to read. Nora sat on the sofa in the living room. 
Lisa wasn’t here yet, but she instead saw Lucy, the housekeeper, coming in with someone who looked like some kind of manager. Lucy said, “Great timing, Ms. Nora. They’ve brought the new season’s clothes over, so you can pick some for yourself.” 
As a top-class wealthy family, the Smiths ordered custom-made clothes every season. Of course, as a daughter of the Smiths, if she wanted to buy more clothes herself, then that would be a separate matter. 
Representatives from high-end custom brands came to the Smiths every season to let them pick what they wanted from the designer styles. Behind the manager were a few service staff members. Each of them was holding fabric samples for the clothes, as well as a thick magazine featuring various styles of clothing for the ladies of the Smiths to choose from. 
When the manager saw Nora, he immediately respectfully handed over the magazine he was holding and said, “Please have a look first, Ms. Smith.” 
Lucy said, “I’ll go and notify Ms. Yvonne and Mdm. Maureen.” 
They were the only other young women living in the manor. From Quentin, the third son, all the way to Louis, the sixth son, none of them were married yet. Previously, when Hillary, Mia’s mother, was still living with the Smiths, she would also come over to pick clothes from the catalog. 
However, now that Joel had driven her out, there was one fewer person in the family that was part of the process. 
When Yvonne was going downstairs after being notified, she paused slightly and stood on the spiral staircase when she saw Nora and Maureen, who were seated in the living room.
She narrowed her eyes and looked at Lucy. 
When they were choosing clothes in the past, Florence would never ask her to go downstairs. She would always take the manager straight to her room and let her have her pick first. It was only after she’d had her pick that she would then let Maureen and Hillary choose from the remaining styles. 
Yet, not only was Lucy asking her to go downstairs now, but she was actually even allowing Nora and Maureen to choose ahead of her?! 
Yvonne became even more furious. 
She felt especially angry when she saw how Maureen and Nora were huddled together and looking at the magazine like close girlfriends. The intimacy between the two of them was completely different from how they treated her. 
Yvonne lowered her gaze and suddenly sneered. 
She went downstairs and sat on the one-seater sofa at the side. 
The manager immediately presented another magazine to her. 
Yvonne listened to the other two women’s conversations while she looked at her own magazine. Maureen said, “This red dress is gorgeous! And it even makes one look tall and slim!” 
“…Oh,” Nora said. 
Yvonne flipped to the section featuring this season’s red dresses when she heard her. 
Red was too orthodox a color, so there were generally relatively fewer designs every season.
Additionally, after so many years, Yvonne had already come to know since a long time ago that Maureen favored red clothes. 
In the past, she would always deliberately pick the attractive red designs first, and leave two unattractive designs for Maureen, despite the fact that red didn’t actually suit her. 
She had done that just to let Maureen know who the noblest woman in the family was. 
But now… 
Yvonne suddenly pointed to the magazine and remarked, “Nora, this red dress suits you really well!” 
The design she was pointing to was the most unique and prettiest one of the year. Maureen had already had her eye on it a long time ago. 
Nora, who was taken aback, looked over. The dress was indeed pretty nice. 
“Doesn’t it look great?” Yvonne’s lips curled in a smile and she said, “I’ll let you pick first since this is your first year with us. I think this dress is pretty nice, and it’s also the best design this year. Why don’t you take it?” 
Now that the dress she loved had been snatched away, let’s see if Maureen would still get along with her! 
Yvonne thought to herself viciously. 
She looked at Maureen after she spoke. Sure enough, the light in her eyes had dimmed. She sat upright, coughed, and turned over the page where the red dress was on the magazine she was holding. 
This meant that she had given up.
However, she definitely wasn’t going to be happy about it. 
See? No matter how good a relationship they shared, it was nevertheless still fake. A mere dress could easily estrange the two of them. 
While Yvonne was sneering at them, Nora said in a low voice, “Yeah, that dress is certainly pretty nice.” 
Yvonne was thrilled. Sure enough, she saw Maureen stiffen. 
Nevertheless, she still suppressed her fondness for the dress. Her smile became a little forced, but she still said to Nora, “The dress suits you very well.” 
Then, as if she had convinced herself about it, she resumed her usual bighearted demeanor and said, “Besides, true red gives one a lot of presence, so it suits formal occasions a lot. This is the first year since your return, Nora, so it’s a good idea for you to pick this dress.” 
She actually became a little more generous? 
Yvonne clenched her fists. 
Maureen was simply too much. Every time she snatched the dresses from her, she had always looked at her as if she had just robbed her of her baby. 
Yet, when it was Nora who snatched the dress she wanted from her, she actually got over it? 
Was this the difference between someone who had blood relations to the family and someone who didn’t?! 
She was still thinking about it furiously when Nora said, “No, it’s okay. The dress suits you a lot.” 
Yvonne: 
She abruptly looked at Nora, only to see that she was looking at Maureen. She said, “Red suits you a lot.” 
Maureen’s eyes lit up. “Do you think so, too?” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” 
She wasn’t stupid. Maureen had flipped straight to that page when she picked up the magazine, and also stared at it for really long. She had even wondered why she hadn’t just taken it immediately if she liked it. 
It wasn’t until Yvonne came down that she suddenly figured out why. 
The dress didn’t really matter to her anyway, why deprive someone of what they liked? 
Sure enough, Maureen got up happily. She was so excited that even her eyes had turned a little red. 
For the first time… For the very first time, she felt respected in the Smiths. 
In the past, all the good things in the family were always given to Yvonne first, and she had also taken them all very unceremoniously. Maureen could never get anything she really liked. 
It wasn’t that bad if it was just once or twice, but once it built up, even someone with a big heart like Maureen found it hard not to feel resentful about it. 
Courtesy was a virtue, but it wasn’t always true that courtesy without any limit would always win one respect. 
Moreover, they were all women in their twenties. She was only three or four years older than Yvonne, so why did she have to give in to her all the time?
However, she had gained recognition from Nora in this instant. 
She held Nora’s hand excitedly and said, “Nora, you’re so… so… How can anyone not like you?” 
Maureen was so excited that she gave Nora a peck on the cheek. Then, she said happily to the manager, “Make this dress in my measurements!” 
The manager had the body measurements of all the ladies in the Smiths. 
The manager was about to nod when Yvonne, who was standing beside him, clenched her fists in fury. 
After her expression changed a few times, she suddenly took a step forward and interrupted the manager before he could speak. She said, “Wait a minute. Sorry, Maureen, but I actually really like this dress, too. I’m taking the dress, sir..”
###Chapter 373: Nora, Your Cord Blood Still Exists
Chapter 373: Nora, Your Cord Blood Still Exists 
Yvonne sounded just like she was giving someone orders. 
This stunned the manager for a moment, but it seemed like he was already accustomed to the atmosphere among the Smiths, so he subconsciously replied, “Okay, Ms. Yvonne.” 
But after he did, even he himself was dumbfounded. 
Maureen and Nora were also taken aback. 
Both of them looked at Yvonne. 
Maureen said shrilly, “D-didn’t you not want that dress? Isn’t that why you recommended it to Nora?” 
Yvonne lowered her gaze and said with a smile, “You may have misunderstood, Maureen. I’ve always liked red dresses. It’s not like you don’t know that. I just thought the dress suited Nora very much today, so I wanted to let her have it. But since she doesn’t want it, shouldn’t we pick the clothes in accordance with the order?” 
Maureen immediately flushed. 
She really liked the dress very much because it had the nicest design out of all the styles she had seen in recent years! 
She had indeed wanted to let Nora have it just now, too. After all, she had only just returned to the Smiths, so she didn’t look like she had any appropriate clothes. 
But Nora had unexpectedly given it to her instead. That was why she had accepted it.
How did something that was supposed to already be in the bag disappear just like that? 
An upset Maureen looked at Yvonne again. 
She was aggressive, and there was none of the pretenses and hypocrisy she used to have on her face right now. It seemed like something had triggered her, and even her facial expression looked a little savage. She had the words ‘I just want to make you unhappy’ blatantly written all over her face! 
Maureen’s temper got the better of her and she started to argue. She said, “What’s the meaning of this, Yvonne? Are you targeting me on purpose?” 
Yvonne kept her expression under control and said, “How am I targeting you, Maureen? You’re obviously the one fighting with me over the clothes, aren’t you?” 
Maureen: “?” 
She yelled furiously, “Just who exactly is fighting with whom? Let’s make things clear today! I have been married to Warren for seven years. There are four seasons a year, so this is the 28th time I’m picking clothes now. When have I ever not given in to you?! But what about you? All the red dresses you chose have all become moldy in your closet, haven’t they? How many times have you ever worn red clothes? You clearly know that red is my favorite color! The way I see it, you’re doing it on purpose, aren’t you?” 
With a smile on her face, Yvonne said smugly, “I told you, Maureen. I like red, too.” 
As soon as she said that, Nora interrupted her indifferently and said, “But red doesn’t suit you. Your looks are too tame to pull off the color.” 
Yvonne’s looks were ladylike and delicate. 
However, long red dresses usually needed to be matched with bright and vivid looks. 
This was something that everyone knew, but no one had ever said it to her face!
For a moment there, Yvonne flushed bright red! 
She looked at Nora furiously, and then at Maureen. She became so angry that she didn’t bother putting on a pretense anymore. She yelled, “I can just like collecting red clothes, can’t I? 
“So what even if I don’t wear them and put them all in the closet? 
“As the eldest daughter of the Smiths, surely I have the right to be a little willful, right?” 
Nora: “!!” 
Maureen: “!!!” 
The two looked at each other. Neither of them had expected Yvonne to actually fall out with them openly. Also, she looked just like a shrew at the moment. 
Maureen frowned and warned, “Don’t go too far, Yvonne!” 
Yvonne scoffed, “Am I the one who shouldn’t go too far, or is it someone else who should practice some self-awareness as an outsider living under someone else’s roof? Maureen, do you really think you’re one of the masters of the household just because you and Warren are living here? The Smiths have already parted ways and formed their own families long ago! My dad is the real master of the Smiths! You’re all just people who have left the main family! All of you are just! Taking! Up! Temporary! Residence! Here!” 
She deliberately emphasized ‘temporary’, making Maureen flush. 
Lucy couldn’t bear to listen anymore. She said, “Ms. Yvonne, we’re all family. Why go so far? Besides, Mr. Warren and Mr. Joel are very close!” 
Warren lived in the manor because he got along well with Joel, and felt that this was his home.
Yvonne looked at her viciously. “Do I have to do what you say or get Joel’s permission when I’m ordering clothes in my own home? Am I the one disregarding familial ties, or is she the one who’s being ungrateful?! 
“Dad isn’t dead yet, yet all of you already dare to act like you’re the masters of the house, and step beyond your boundaries as a servant and slight me? Seems like I should get someone to have a good talk with the people at our ancestral home!” 
The arrogant woman’s words became more and more awful. She said, “Joel isn’t Dad’s adopted son, either. I’m Dad’s one and only lawful daughter! All of you are bullying me because Dad is sick, so no one can defend me, right?” 
Lucy was rendered speechless by her. 
Yvonne, however, dragged her to the door and said, “Since that’s the case, you can come with me to our ancestral home! Let’s go to my granduncles there and see what they say about this!” 
Lucy immediately pleaded for mercy. “Spare me, Ms. Yvonne! I was wrong!” 
Should they really go to the ancestral home, wouldn’t everyone say that Joel was being disrespectful to his elders?! 
He was the successor that Ian had chosen, yet as soon as Ian fell into a coma, he started to bully and oppress his daughter? 
Lucy didn’t care whether it was embarrassing for her or not. She tried to appease Yvonne and said, “Ms. Yvonne, this matter isn’t that serious. It’s just a piece of clothing, isn’t it…?” 
She looked at Maureen for help after she spoke.
Lucy had watched both Joel and Warren grow up, and was especially close with both brothers. Thus, she also got along well with Maureen. 
Maureen didn’t have the heart to implicate an old-time servant who had been serving the family for so long just because of this. 
She suppressed her grievances and said, “Fine, I’ll let you have the dress!” 
After saying that, she turned and went straight upstairs while saying, “I won’t order anything this year.” 
She could buy ready-made clothes even if she didn’t custom-make anything anyway, so why should she let others bully her here? 
Satisfied, Yvonne sat on the main sofa. Then, without looking at Nora, she said to the manager, “I want this, this, this… and also this. Make them all in my size.” 
“… Yes, ma’am,” said the manager. 
After ordering the clothes, Yvonne turned and went upstairs. When she passed by Nora, she said, “This is my father’s home, after all.” 
Nora: “…” 
She had also lost interest in choosing clothes, so she waved and sent the manager out. 
There was no one left in the living room. In this instant, she finally understood all those things that Maureen had said previously, and also finally understood how much injustice she had suffered over the years. 
While she was thinking about it, Lucy led Lisa in and said, “Ms. Nora, your cousin is here.”
Nora put her thoughts away and stood up. 
Lisa had already rushed straight up to her. She took her hand and said, “At last, Nora!” 
Nora smiled at her. 
Lisa looked at her carefully. It was only when she found that she hadn’t suffered any injustice that she finally breathed a sigh of relief. Then, she smiled and said, “By the way, my mom wants me to pass you a message. She says that your cord blood is still in the cord blood bank in the hospital..”
###Chapter 374: The Villain Slings An Accusation First?
Chapter 374: The Villain Slings An Accusation First? 
Cord blood? 
Nora was slightly taken aback to hear that. She said, “My cord blood is still around?” 
Lisa nodded. “Yes. Mom says that back then, when Aunt Yvette… when your mom gave birth to you, she had insisted on banking your cord blood. To be honest, this wasn’t a popular practice in the country at that time and wasn’t widely promoted in hospitals, either, so it was very expensive. However, she was very stubborn about it and said that you would need it in the future. Mom had said that you definitely won’t, so she mustn’t say that…” 
Lisa had also been a little surprised when she heard about it from Irene. 
Banking cord blood was just a sort of insurance. Nobody would wish for it to come into use. 
After all, once one needed it, it would mean that they had blood disorders. 
So, how could Nora’s mother say such a thing back then? 
While she was thinking about it, she saw Nora’s eyes brighten. The woman’s lips slowly curled into a smile and she said, “What a coincidence. I just so happen to need it.” 
Lisa: “?” 
She was stunned. Suddenly, her eyes reddened and she said, “Nora, could it be that you… you…” 
No wonder Nora had lost so much weight and was always so lethargic. On top of that, she wasn’t in good spirits and was so pale that it looked as if all the blood had drained from her face. Did she have a
blood disorder? 
While her imagination was running wild, Nora said, “I’m not sick. I just need it for something, that’s all.” 
Lisa: “” 
Before she could figure it out, Nora had already picked up her cell phone and called Lily. She asked, “Where are you?” 
Lily replied, “I’m arranging your operation schedule. There are a few that I can do, so I’ve fended them off for you. What’s up?” 
Nora said, “… Find some time to go to California. Go to the hospital and take my cord blood from the cord blood bank, and then do another DNA test.” 
“ You actually still have your cord blood? My god, your mother is so amazing. Did she expect that you’ll need it?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Perhaps.” 
Otherwise, why would Yvette insist on banking her cord blood back then? 
These days, she kept feeling like there was a purpose behind all her mother’s arrangements. 
She couldn’t help but think of what Morris had said in the police station. Was her mother really involved with the so-called ‘mysterious organization’? And even participated in their human experiments? 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned a little cold at the thought, and even her tone became a little impatient. She said, “Go as soon as you can.” 
Lily, who heard the change in her emotions, was so scared that she didn’t dare to say any more. She immediately replied respectfully, “Okay, I will leave for California right away. I’ll be able to produce the
newest DNA test results by tomorrow at the latest.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora hung up. She rubbed her temples and suppressed her irritability. Then, she looked at Lisa. She was about to speak when a voice suddenly reached them. 
“Nora! You’re awake? Oh, Nora’s little cousin! You’re here again!” 
She and Lisa turned in unison to see Louis walking in from outside. 
His blond hair was exceptionally glaring. His eyes on his handsome face lit up a little at the sight of Lisa. 
As for Lisa, she reacted like a mouse that had just seen a cat and didn’t even dare to look straight at him. She looked at Nora as if she was complaining and said, “Nora, d-didn’t you say that he won’t be here?” 
Nora: “?” 
Before she could speak, Louis had come up to them. He said, “Yeah, I originally wasn’t planning to come back tonight, either. But Lucy called me and said that Nora was asking whether I would be home tonight, so I turned down Chester when he asked me out and specially came back!” 
Lisa: “!!” 
Nora: “!!!!” 
Nora wanted to say something, but Lisa had already jumped up and said, “Nora, I… I suddenly remembered that I have a paper that I need to write. It’s very urgent, so I’m leaving first! Mom was very worried about you, but now that I see that you’re doing well, both Mom and I will be relieved!”
Then, she turned and fled toward the door. “Tell us if someone bullies you. I’ll leave first!” 
Nora: “…” 
She was planning to have a chat with Lisa that night, but unexpectedly, she had left just like that? 
She stepped forward, intending to see her off. But as soon as she did, Louis said enthusiastically, “You don’t have to lower yourself to do something like that. Let me do it! I’ll see her off!” 
After saying that, he chased after Lisa and said, “Nora’s little cousin, shall I drive you back to school?” 
Lisa’s voice traveled over after that. “N-no, you don’t have to.” 
“You don’t have to stand on ceremony! C’mon, get in the car.” 
“We’re not that familiar with each other. I’ll just hail a cab. Thanks.” 
Louis’s annoying voice traveled over. “Why wouldn’t we be familiar with each other? You took my first kiss, you know!” 
Panic entered Lisa’s voice. “W-what nonsense are you saying? Stop that!” 
Louis laughed and said, “No, I can’t. I have something to ask you. Will you get in the car and we can talk while we drive there, or shall I ask you right here while you hail a cab?” 
“You, you, you…” Lisa stuttered forever but still got in the car silently in the end. Shortly after, the sound of the engine being started up rang out, and they left. 
Nora, who had listened to their affairs in the living room for a while: “…” 
Just what exactly did Louis do to Lisa the night before?!
She shook her head and went upstairs. 
After thinking about it, she still decided to knock on Maureen’s door in the end. 
Maureen’s eyes were still red when she opened the door. Obviously, she had been crying. Nora was about to say a few words to comfort her when Maureen gave her a wry smile and said, “Say, Nora, do you think everything will be fine if Warren and I move out?” 
Although Warren loved and respected Ian like a father, and although Warren and Joel got along very well, Maureen really couldn’t stand it here anymore, after being bullied by Yvonne again and again. 
It wasn’t like her family was poor, either, so why should she let someone else bully her here? 
Nora wanted to say something, but Maureen said, “Never mind, ignore what I said. Warren and Joel are so close. Neither would Brandon want to leave Mia… I can’t do something like that just for myself…” 
Nora fell silent. 
Warren came back at this point. 
He was carrying a matcha cake. As soon as he went up the stairs, he said, “Oh, Nora is here too? I just so happened to buy a matcha cake. It’s Maureen’s favorite. You guys can eat it together… Dear, what’s wrong? Why are your eyes red?” 
Maureen turned away. Then, she forced a smile and said, “It’s nothing. Something got in my eyes…” 
Warren went up to her and circled around her. “What got into your eyes? What’s the matter? Did someone bully you?” 
As soon as he said that, Maureen’s eyes immediately reddened.
She was about to say something when Yvonne opened the door and came out. She sighed and said, “It’s just a dress, Maureen. If you like it that much, then I’ll just let you have it, okay?” 
She lowered her head and her eyes reddened. “Joel has already confiscated my rights to manage the house anyway. I don’t have a place in this family anymore..”
###Chapter 375: Slapping Yvonne In The Face!
Chapter 375: Slapping Yvonne In The Face! 
She looked just as if she had suffered some kind of injustice. 
Warren was aware that Yvonne had been stripped of her authority to manage the household. When he heard what she said, he subconsciously assumed that it was Maureen who was fighting with her over a dress. 
Taken aback, he turned to Maureen and asked, “What dress is she talking about, dear?” 
He grabbed Maureen and led her to the side. “I get it now. It’s time to custom-make clothes today again, right? Did you get angry again?” 
During the past few years, the aggressive Maureen would always get angry once a year. 
After Warren found out about it, he would always go out of his way to make her happy during those few days. He either took her out shopping or took her overseas for a vacation. 
He subconsciously tried to persuade her and said, “Didn’t we already agree on this? It’ll be fine once she marries into another family. You’ll have the biggest say in the family after that! And you can choose all the clothes you want after that! Her marriage with the Hunts has already gone up in smoke now, so her future husband’s family definitely won’t be as good as the Smiths. What’s the point in fighting with her over a dress…” 
“What’s the point in fighting with her over a dress”… 
That one line of his instantly made Maureen feel even more aggrieved. 
Even though someone had bullied her at home, she still thought of being considerate toward her husband and son, but what about her husband? All he did was take his sister’s side in everything!
Maureen stared at Warren. She was really hurt this time. She said, “Do you think I would get angry just because of a dress?” 
Warren scratched his head. 
As a man with low EQ, he really was rather dense when it came to how girls thought. 
Next to them, Yvonne said, “Don’t lose your temper at Warren, Maureen. I already said that I would let you have that dress… It was my fault. I should have noticed that you liked that dress and not taken it for myself…” 
Her hypocritical words put Maureen at such a loss for words that she couldn’t say anything at all. 
Yet, Warren actually believed her. He walked over to Yvonne and said, “Since you are so generous, then I won’t stand on ceremony, Yvonne. Haha, how about this? I’ll take you out tomorrow for some clothes shopping, okay?” 
Yvonne smiled and replied, “You’re standing too much on ceremony if you say that, Warren. We’re family; I should give in to Maureen once in a while.” 
“… You’re the most sensible one, after all. Don’t hold it against Maureen!” 
Nora stared at Yvonne. Her two-faced behavior in front of the men of the Smiths wasn’t anything surprising to her anymore. 
She merely thought that Yvonne looked very laughable at the moment. 
Maureen, however, was furious. It was clearly Yvonne who had snatched her dress, yet she looked like the insensible one now! 
With her eyes red, she shouted furiously, “Warren! Smith!”
Warren immediately looked back at her timidly. “Dear… What’s the matter? The dress is already yours now. Why… are you still unhappy?” 
Maureen was so angry that her chest heaved up and down. 
She stared at Yvonne and sneered, “You really have a way with schemes, don’t you?” 
Yvonne lowered her head. “Are you still upset, Maureen? In that case, will it do if I give you all the clothes I picked?” 
The EQ-less Warren immediately nodded. “Yeah, it will! Dear, look at how Yvonne has already given in. As they say, harmony in the family brings prosperity. Let’s let this matter go…” 
Maureen: “!!” 
She was so angry that she simply couldn’t say anything. Her finger trembled as she stared and pointed at Yvonne. Then, she pointed at Warren. “You’d rather believe her over me?” 
Warren scratched his head. “No, it’s not about who I believe or whatnot. Weren’t we talking about clothes, dear? How did it turn into about who I believe? You’ve totally confused me!” 
Yvonne also sighed. “We’re family, Maureen. If you’re still dissatisfied, then will it do if I apologize to you?” 
Maureen retorted, “I’m not worthy of your apology! After all, this is your home, and you’re the eldest daughter of the Smiths. Didn’t you say just now that Warren and I are just outsiders?” 
Warren looked at Yvonne in disbelief at once.
Yvonne panicked. “What are you saying, Maureen? Isn’t it just a piece of clothing? How did it escalate to this?!” 
She looked at Warren and hastily explained, “I think Maureen is being too sensitive and is thinking too much. Warren, I’ve always seen and treated you like my brother all these years! Dad has also said that I’m the only daughter at home, so all of you are my family!” 
Warren frowned. He looked at Yvonne, and then at Maureen. 
Maureen wasn’t someone who made groundless accusations. Since she had said so, then there was no doubt that Yvonne had said that. However, Yvonne was also someone reliable who looked at the big picture usually, so how would she possibly say something like that? 
While he was hesitating, Yvonne said, “Out of all my brothers in the family, I’m the closest with Warren. I know you’re suddenly making a scene because Joel doesn’t like me anymore, but even so, you can’t just sow discord between Warren and I like that!” 
Sow discord? 
Maureen became even angrier. “In that case, do you dare to repeat what you said just now when you were fighting with me over the clothes downstairs, Yvonne?” 
Yvonne frowned. “What did I say? Maureen, I really don’t know what you’re talking about!” 
Maureen felt like she was about to explode. 
She had always been a straightforward person. She hated hypocritical b*tches like her the most! 
It was at this moment that a soft voice reached them. “Tsk.” 
The three people who were arguing immediately turned to Nora.
She curled her lips disdainfully and said to Yvonne, “I didn’t expect you to have such a bad memory. Have you already forgotten what you said just now?” 
Warren immediately looked at Yvonne. 
Yvonne narrowed her eyes but remained calm. She heaved a huge sigh and said, “Nora, I know you got into trouble because Mdm. Florence took the pill from my room, but you can’t just make up lies about me like that!” 
Practically right after she said that, a voice suddenly played from Nora’s cell phone. 
“I can just like collecting red clothes, can’t I?” 
“So what even if I don’t wear them and put them all in the closet? 
“As the eldest daughter of the Smiths, surely I have the right to be a little willful, right?” 
“Am I the one who shouldn’t go too far, or is it someone else who should practice some self-awareness as an outsider living under someone else’s roof? Maureen, do you really think you’re one of the masters of the household just because you and Warren are living here? The Smiths have already parted ways and formed their own families long ago! My dad is the real master of the Smiths! You’re all just people who have left the main family! All of you are just! Taking! Up! Temporary! Residence! Here!” 
“Joel isn’t Dad’s adopted son, either. I’m Dad’s one and only lawful daughter! All of you are bullying me because Dad is sick, so no one can defend me, right?” 
“…” 
Yvonne’s voice played clearly from the audio recording. 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully and looked at a stunned Yvonne. Her lips curled into a smile.
Did they really think that she would allow Yvonne to behave so arrogantly in the Smiths’ manor? She hadn’t done anything just now only because these recordings were more than enough to expose her true colors to the Smith brothers!! 
###Chapter 376: Chase Her Out of the House!
Chapter 376: Chase Her Out of the House! 
After the recording was played, the entire second floor was silent. 
Warren looked at Yvonne in disbelief. 
He did not expect his gentle and elegant sister to speak like this to his wife in private. 
He looked at Maureen again. 
In the past, he always felt that his wife had a bad temper. She was not sensible and did not know how to be humble. After all, she was pampered like a little princess in her family. 
However, her eyes were red at this moment. It was obvious that she had suffered a lot of grievances. 
Yes. 
Although his wife did have a bad temper, she had always been open and straightforward. If he had not forced her to this extent, how could they have quarreled like this? 
Maureen had thought that the matter would be like any other dispute in the past, making Warren feel that she was not sensible enough. She did not expect the situation to take a turn in her favor! 
She looked at Nora in shock. 
Her eyes turned red again. 
She looked at Warren with a trembling voice. “Did you hear that? Is this about a piece of clothing?”
Warren’s heart ached so much that his expression changed. He walked quickly to stand in front of Maureen and looked at Yvonne. “Yvonne, so that’s what you think!” 
Yvonne bit her lip, wanting to explain. “Warren, I…” 
However, Warren had already interrupted her. “In the past, no matter what Maureen said about you, I would always be on your side. I didn’t expect you to be such a two-faced person! You said one thing in front of me and another behind my back! My wife isn’t someone you can humiliate!” 
He pointed at Yvonne in rage. “I never expected you to be such a selfish person!” 
Yvonne took a deep breath and anxiously said, “Warren, that’s not what I meant. I…” 
However, Warren was already ignoring her. He directly wrapped his arm around Maureen’s shoulder and said, “Honey, I’m sorry. I never knew that you were being treated like this at home. It’s too unpleasant. We don’t need to live under someone else’s roof. It’s not like we don’t have a house outside. Let’s go!” 
Yvonne did not dare to flare up at Warren. 
No matter what, Warren was still a member of the Smiths. Moreover, she was indeed in the wrong for blowing up this matter. 
Ian did not have a son, so although Ian’s generation had separated, his nephews from the next generation all lived in the Smiths’ manor. 
Yvonne was an adopted daughter. Sooner or later, she would be married off. This family would belong to Joel sooner or later! 
Yvonne could bully Maureen and even look down on Nora, but she could not look down on Warren! 
She rushed forward again and grabbed Warren’s arm. She called him with an intimate tone, “Brother, I…”
Before she could finish, Warren pushed her back a few steps. 
Warren’s face was cold. “Don’t. Don’t call me that. You’re the eldest daughter, I’m just from the side family. I don’t dare to let you call me brother!” 
Yvonne did not dare to flare up at Warren. She could only look at Nora and scold her directly. “Why are you so despicable?! You actually recorded it!” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “If I hadn’t recorded it, how could I have broken your disguise?” 
Yvonne was about to go crazy after being torn apart. 
She was on the verge of breaking down. She no longer pretended to be a pure and innocent girl. She pointed at her angrily. “It’s all because of you that my relationship with them became so bad. Nora, you’re actually more pretentious than me! More manipulative!” 
Nora: “…” 
She raised an eyebrow and stared at her. “So?” 
Yvonne was furious. Ignoring the fact that Warren was still beside her, she pointed at them and scolded, “Okay, okay. I’m an outsider, right? I’m not related by blood, so you guys are bullying me together!” 
“But Nora, do you think you’re so smug just because you’re a member of the Smiths and have the Smith blood flowing in your veins? In the end, you’re just an illegitimate daughter of the side family! Your mother was immoral and seduced two brothers at the same time. Do you really think you’re so glorious?” 
Smack! 
Nora suddenly slapped her!
Yvonne was stunned. When she returned to her senses, she saw Nora’s cold expression and anger in her eyes. 
Yvonne was stunned as she touched her face before she reacted and took a step back. “You dare to hit me? You dare to hit me?!” 
Nora clapped her hands and felt that her palms were a little dirty. Her voice was cold and distant as she replied, “You’re not worthy of mentioning my mother.” 
No matter what, her mother had passed away. 
As a junior, she was wrong to point fingers at her elder. 
Yvonne bit her lips, fearing that she would make a move again. She pointed at her and roared, “Why don’t you let anyone mention it? Do you feel embarrassed too? Then move out like Warren!” 
These words angered Warren. “It’s my own freedom and decision to leave. Who are you to chase me away?” 
Yvonne sneered. “I’m the mistress of the Smiths! This family belongs to my father, and you guys are just outsiders! And that Louis is also an outsider! Get lost, all of you! Get out of my house!” 
Hearing this, Nora smiled. She was about to say something when a cold voice suddenly came from behind. “In my opinion, the person who should leave is you!” 
They turned around again and saw that Joel, who had rushed back after handling some company matters, was slowly heading upstairs with an icy expression. 
He was wearing a black suit. His face, which had always been gentle and smiling, was now extremely stern.
The moment he appeared, Yvonne was instantly silenced, as if someone had pressed a mute button. 
She had been most afraid of him since she was young. 
Joel’s handsome face was covered in frost as he stared at Yvonne. His tone was very serious. “You disappoint me too much. How did Uncle Ian raise a daughter like you?” 
Yvonne was rendered speechless by his stern words. 
Joel spoke again. “I originally wanted to wait for Uncle Ian to wake up before dealing with you. It looks like I was wrong. Lucy, come over.” 
Lucy hurriedly stood up. “Mr. Joel, I’m here.” 
Joel said coldly, “Pack Yvonne’s luggage and take her to the villa in the suburbs. She’ll be staying there for a while.” 
Lucy immediately nodded. “Yes.” 
With that, she asked tentatively, “Should I only prepare summer clothes?” 
It was summer. 
Joel lowered his eyes. “She will need some more clothes. After all, there are four seasons in a year!” 
What he meant was that he wanted Yvonne to live in the suburbs forever! 
Lucy was delighted, but she did not show it on her face. She lowered her head. “Yes, I’ll send Miss Yvonne over first. I’ll send the clothes over later.”
With that, Lucy called two bodyguards over. Seeing them walk over, Yvonne finally returned to her senses and hurriedly shouted, “Joel, big brother, you can’t treat me like this. I’m Daddy’s daughter! I’m Daddy’s daughter!” 
— 
A day later, Nora received a message from Lily. “The DNA results are out..”
###Chapter 377: To the Hospital!
Chapter 377: To the Hospital! 
The Smith villa was in the suburbs. It was a three-story building, and each floor was about 100 square meters. 
Yvonne sat in the living room and clenched her fists tightly as she watched the nanny unpacking her luggage. 
She looked at the low floor and then at the living room, which was at the end of the hall. She felt a violent rage roaring in her heart. 
She stood up suddenly and said to Lucy, who had come over to help her unpack her luggage, “This place is too small! Get Joel to move me somewhere else!” 
Lucy did not even look at her and continued ordering the others to send her clothes upstairs. “Miss Yvonne, I think you should stop acting. Do you really think you’re here for a vacation?” 
Yvonne sneered, “Even if it’s not a vacation, I’m still the eldest daughter of the Smiths! Joel won’t let you suppress me, right?” 
Lucy pursed her lips. “Yes, you’re the eldest daughter. But Mr. Joel has instructed me not to allow you to go home for the time being. You should reflect on yourself here.” 
Yvonne’s face turned red. 
She clenched her fists and lowered her voice. “Tell Joel that I know I was wrong. Dad is still in the hospital. It’s not appropriate for me to stay in the suburbs like this. Let me go back.” 
Lucy lowered her head. “Alright, I’ll help you deliver the message.” 
Although she said that, she turned her head and pursed her lips. 
Hearing Lucy’s words, Yvonne felt relieved and went upstairs. She entered the master bedroom and looked around. Although it couldn’t be compared to the one in the manor, it was still passable and could be considered clean. 
She changed her clothes and went out. When she was about to go downstairs, she heard someone ask, “Lucy, are you really helping her pass a message to Mr. Smith?” 
Lucy sneered. “Did she say something just now? Why didn’t I hear her?” 
The other servants nodded as well. “Yes, we didn’t hear anything.” 
Yvonne: “!!” 
These unruly servants were bullying their master! 
She was about to go over and scold them, but Lucy seemed to have seen her. She waved her hand. “Alright, since Miss Yvonne is here, let’s get going.” 
With that, she turned to look upstairs. “Miss Yvonne, we’ll head back first. Oh, right, your bank card has been frozen temporarily as well. But don’t worry. There are ingredients in the fridge. I’ll get someone to regularly send you daily necessities.” 
With that, she left without waiting for Yvonne to say anything. 
Yvonne did not think much of it at first, but when she saw the people who’d brought her here walking out one by one, she panicked and chased after them. “You two are leaving too?” 
The two of them nodded. “Yes, Lucy just said that we’re leaving.”
Yvonne looked around. 
This was a villa district in the suburbs. However, because it was too far away, most people came here to stay on vacation. At this moment, there were not many families around. 
From afar, the surroundings were filled with greenery. 
She was anxious. “What should I do if you guys leave? Who’s going to cook for me tonight?” 
The two of them coughed. “About that, we don’t know. Oh, the car is about to leave. Let’s hurry and get out!” 
They pushed Yvonne away and left the room. 
She was the only one left in the villa! 
Yvonne looked around. The sound of a tree branch breaking startled her, and she clutched her chest. 
Then, she opened the door to the villa. 
The Smiths had bought all the places on both sides, but Joel did not arrange for anyone to stay here. She left the house in a panic and walked to both sides. After walking for 10 minutes, she did not see a single family! 
The sky gradually darkened. 
Yvonne became more and more afraid. She wanted to take a taxi and leave to stay in a hotel! 
However, when she picked up her phone, she suddenly remembered that her bank card had been frozen.
She frowned. She’d asked her good friend in the circle to lend her money on WeChat, but she did not expect the other party to reply so quickly. [I’m sorry, I’m a little tight on money right now.] 
Yvonne: “!!” 
She bit her lip, her fingers trembling in anger. 
Usually, when she went out, she would be the one paying among her best friends. Now, she was borrowing some money from them, but all of them were actually so wishy-washy! 
However, no matter how much she looked down on her, she could only send her a humble message: “Just lend me $800. $200 is fine too.” 
The other party: “I saw a bag and planned to buy it, so I really don’t have any money. Sorry!” 
Yvonne: “!!” 
She could only switch to another person and continue trying. However, the other party rejected her as well. She continued to ask a few people until someone reminded her: “You should stop trying to borrow money. No one in the circle will lend you money.” 
Yvonne’s pupils shrank. [Why?] 
The other party: “This is an information age. We all heard that you were chased out of the Smiths by your brother. The Smiths have a high status in New York. Other than the Hunts, who would dare to lend you money? We’re all afraid of your brother!” 
Yvonne: “!!!” 
She stared at the message on her phone and realized a terrifying fact.
No matter how powerful her father was… no matter how much Joel respected her father, he was already old! 
The Smiths had long belonged to Joel! 
This fact made her feel as if she had been severely injured. Her feet went soft and she fell to the ground. 
She was done for. 
She was really finished for offending her brother this time! 
She returned to the villa dejectedly and sat on the sofa. 
That night, she turned on all the lights in the room, but still kept trembling in fear in the silent night. 
It was not until the next morning, when the sun rose, that she suddenly realized that she could not be locked up in this villa without a neighbor to die alone! 
Absolutely not! 
She took out her phone and made a call… 
— 
At the Smiths, Nora asked Lily, “What was the outcome?” 
Lily’s voice did not fluctuate, and one could not tell if she was happy or angry. “It’s an electronic version. I sent it to your email. The paper version is in my hands. I’ll send it to you right now.”
Yesterday, when she returned to California, she took the umbilical cord blood and rushed the test overnight. She had found a testing facility in New York. Personally handling the test to ensure no one could tamper with it, Lily had not slept the entire night. 
Although she did not say it, Nora roughly understood the meaning of the outcome. 
If she and Ian were not biological father and daughter, there was no need for Lily to send another test report back… 
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked out the window. 
Although she had already guessed her identity, she still felt an inexplicable and complicated feeling when this moment came. 
Her father… 
Just as she was deep in thought, her phone suddenly rang. She glanced at it and realized that it was Joel. She hung up on Lily and picked up his call. 
Just as she was about to speak, Joel’s serious voice sounded. “Nora, come to the hospital immediately.. Uncle Ian is vomiting blood!”
###Chapter 378
He had vomited blood? 
Nora’s eyes narrowed. She hurriedly said, “Okay, I’ll be right there.” 
No matter what, saving Ian was more important! 
In the hospital. 
Joel was panicking outside the operating theater. Ian suddenly vomiting blood caught him off guard. At this moment, his vital signs had already calmed down and he was once again pulled back from death. 
However, the attending doctor said, “Mr. Ian was saved this time, but next time, we can’t guarantee anything. He’s still in a coma. We have to think of a way to deal with the brain tumor.” 
Joel said directly, “I’ve already called Anti over.” 
When the attending doctor heard this, he hesitated. When Joel saw him like this, he could not help but ask, “What’s wrong?” 
The attending doctor sighed. “A few days ago, Anti could still perform the surgery and barely save him. But now, Mr. Ian’s body is too weak. Just now, there was blood in his lungs, and we also performed the surgery on him. His body is no longer suitable for surgery. Sigh!” 
No longer suitable for surgery… 
What did this mean? 
Joel grabbed his hand. “What did you say?” 
The attending doctor slowly retracted his hand and said, “Mr. Joel, you… should prepare for a funeral!” before slowly retreating and leaving.
Joel stood there and frowned. 
He looked at the ICU ward again. 
At this moment, footsteps suddenly came from the end of the corridor. 
Joel turned back and saw that the elders from the old residence had arrived. 
He narrowed his eyes and welcomed them. “Granduncle, why are you here?” 
This Granduncle was Ian’s third uncle. He used to be a glorious direct descendant, but ever since he moved to the old residence, he only took the Smiths’ dividend and did not ask about anything else. 
Under normal circumstances, they would only appear if something unfair happened to the Smiths. 
However, this Granduncle did not get along with Ian. 
Back then, Ian refused to marry for the sake of Yvette. In granduncle’s eyes, he had already become an anomaly. Joel knew that granduncle had repeatedly scolded Ian for being selfish and completely disregarding his future generations. He did not even have a direct successor! 
Granduncle even said that even if he did not get married, he could just have a child, but Ian had rejected all of them. 
Back then, Ian’s methods were iron-blooded. The entire Smith family was exceptionally obedient under his thunderous methods. How could Granduncle be Ian’s match? 
He had forcefully sent him back to the old residence and even sent him a message: “Take care of yourself. Don’t be a busybody.” 
Granduncle had been furious, but he could not do anything to Ian.
According to what Joel knew, this Granduncle was guarding the ancestral old residence. The fun he had every day was cursing Ian. Every day, he would scold him. It had almost become his daily routine! 
Ever since Ian fell ill, Granduncle had felt even more satisfied. Joel heard that he waited at home every day for news of his death. 
Nothing good would come of him running here now! 
Sure enough, the walking stick in the hands of this 80-year-old man hit him directly. “Unfilial son! Don’t you know why I’m here?” 
Joel was not stupid. He dodged his attack, his eyes slightly cold. “Granduncle, what do you mean?” 
“What do I mean?” The wrinkles on Granduncle’s face furrowed as he scolded, “Your Uncle Ian isn’t dead yet, but you can’t wait to chase his daughter out?” 
When Joel heard this, his eyes narrowed. 
With that, Granduncle moved aside to reveal Yvonne behind the crowd. 
Yvonne’s eyes were red. She lowered her head and was crying silently. She looked up at Joel and said in a choked voice, “Joel, big brother, I was wrong. Let me go home!” 
When he saw her, Joel narrowed his eyes. 
His lips curled into a mocking smile. 
Granduncle had always been at odds with Ian. Why would he be so righteous as to “help his adopted daughter?”
In fact, when Ian was seriously ill a few years ago, Granduncle had sent someone to contact him, hinting that he would take Ian down and control the Smiths. 
This Granduncle had a stomach full of bad ideas for Uncle Ian, but he had stepped forward at this moment. Yvonne must have promised him something! 
Joel retracted his thoughts. There was still a smile in his fox eyes. “What did you do wrong?” 
What wrongdoings was she admitting to? 
Yvonne lowered her head and said, “I shouldn’t have targeted Nora. But Joel, I really did treat her like this because I felt bad for Dad. Think about it. Who is the reason why Dad is lying in there hanging between life and death? Whose daughter is Nora?” 
Joel sneered. 
Yvonne was really good at finding excuses for herself. 
Yvonne continued, “Big Brother, I’m doing this all for Dad! If you ask me, he should have just disowned her and prevented her from returning to the Smiths! Now that she’s back, Dad’s illness has worsened. Wasn’t it all because of her? Although I’m not Dad’s biological daughter, I’m Dad’s legal daughter. Dad raised me, so how can I not repay his kindness? I know that you and Nora are cousins and are related by blood. You’re biased toward Nora, but I’m not! My heart only favors Dad!” 
Her words were self-righteous, but she had found an excuse for what she had done wrong. 
When Granduncle heard this, he nodded slightly. “After all, he’s not Ian’s biological son. He’s just Ian’s nephew. If you don’t feel sorry for your Uncle Ian, his daughter will naturally feel sorry for him! Joel, no matter what, you shouldn’t have chased Yvonne out because of someone from the side family! I’m here today to tell you that you have to bring her back!”
Yvonne had gone to look for him and made a request to split the family. 
As Ian’s only daughter, even if Joel inherited the Smiths, she could still get half of Ian’s assets! 
At that time, she would give the two-thirds to Granduncle. 
Granduncle knew very well how big Ian’s private fortune was! 
He was immediately tempted. 
Only then did he lick his lips and follow Yvonne here. Furthermore, he had called a few loyal members of the Smiths over. 
Those people had created the Smiths’ legend with Ian back then and were very loyal to him. 
They stood behind Yvonne and Granduncle and began to criticize Joel. 
“Joel, how could you forget Mr. Smith’s kindness to you?” 
“That’s right. Even an adopted daughter knows how to repay the kindness. What about you? Mr. Smith treats you very well!” 
“I don’t care what mistake Miss Yvonne has made. Nora shouldn’t have acknowledged the Smiths! She should be chased out!! Bring Miss Yvonne home!” 
“That’s right. We need to get that illegitimate daughter out of the Smiths to live up to Mr. Smith’s nurturing!”
###Chapter 379: immediate family!!!
Chapter 379: immediate family!!! 
Facing everyone’s criticisms, Joel’s attitude remained indifferent. 
These people were originally the backbone of Smith Corporation and were Ian’s most capable subordinates. They had all seen Ian’s depressed state because of Yvette. 
Everyone hated Yvette to the core. 
Therefore, when he first found out that Nora was his cousin, Joel had to ask Ian for permission before he could go and fetch her. 
Joel said slowly, “Uncles, it was Uncle Ian who made the decision to bring Nora home. He even went to the Hunts’ banquet personally. I’m sure you all know about this, right? Are you planning to disregard Uncle Ian’s orders?” 
His words silenced those people. 
Joel knew that they were only there to stand up for Yvonne. These people were actually very reasonable people. He said sincerely, “Think about it. If Uncle Ian was still awake, would he have allowed Yvonne to do such a thing?” 
Would he? 
Of course not! 
Ian was a very charming person. Otherwise, he would not have let so many of them follow him his entire life.
When those people stopped talking, Granduncle said, “Hmph, you’re full of righteousness and morals. In the end, isn’t it all because you’re not Ian’s biological son? I think you’re the one who instigated him to acknowledge her so that he would be angered to death. You completely control the Smiths, right? But don’t go overboard! Joel, your uncle isn’t dead yet!” 
Joel couldn’t be bothered with him, but he looked at the core members of the company and said, “I’m indeed not Uncle Ian’s biological son. But don’t forget that I’m still his nephew at the very least. But this woman… is not related to Uncle Ian by blood at all. I’m sure you all know who is closer to Uncle Ian!” 
With a few words, Joel shifted the conflict. 
They looked at each other and fell silent. 
Yes, when they heard that Miss Yvonne had been bullied, they thought about how good Ian used to be and stood up for her. However, Joel’s words were true! 
The corridor suddenly fell silent. 
At this moment, another set of footsteps could be heard. Everyone turned their heads and saw Nora, who was being discussed by everyone, walking over with hurried footsteps. She did not care about the people sizing her up at all and walked straight to Joel. She looked at the operating theater and her gaze was a little complicated. “…How is he now?” 
Treating Ian was the most important matter. How could Joel have the time to bicker with these people? 
He directly pulled Nora aside and frowned. “This… I need you to take a look and see if Uncle Ian can still be saved!” 
Nora nodded. “Give me the medical records and all of his CT scans!”
She was very confident when she spoke. “My assistant, Lily, is already on the way. Everything regarding him… send them to me!” 
Joel had originally called Nora over to let her treat his illness. 
However, he did not expect Nora’s attitude to be so strong. She immediately wanted to take charge of Uncle Ian’s treatment? 
He frowned and was about to speak when Yvonne’s sharp voice sounded. “Joel, you plan to let Nora treat Dad? That’s not possible!” 
Her words made Joel frown tightly. “Why not?” 
Of course, it was because if Ian woke up, he would definitely pursue the matter! 
Yvonne knew Ian’s character like the back of her hand. She knew very well what would happen to her if he was treated! 
When they came to the hospital, they had already found out that Ian might not wake up this time. At this moment, of course, they could not let the miracle doctor, Anti, be involved! 
Thinking about this, Yvonne took a step forth and accused, “Because she’s from the Andersons. Joel, are you going against Dad’s wishes?” 
Joel: “” 
He frowned. “What nonsense are you talking about here?!” 
Yvonne immediately said, “Joel, don’t think I don’t know! The medicine I’ve been taking lately is not any good medicine from Myers Peace Pharmacy! It’s just a replacement Carefree Pill! But you don’t dare to
tell the truth because you know that Daddy has never taken Harmonia Pharmacy’s medicine!” 
She said firmly, “All these years, Dad has hated the Andersons to the core. Joel, you know that, right? Even if he died, he would not take the Andersons’ medicine. Now, you actually let Nora treat him? Even if he was saved, he would be angered to death by you!” 
Joel narrowed his eyes. 
The Smiths knew that Ian did not take Harmonia Pharmacy’s medicine. 
Everyone said that he didn’t eat them because he hated Yvette. 
However, Joel felt that Uncle Ian was afraid that experiencing the familiar taste would cause sadness. 
As for the final stage, Uncle Ian had always been unwilling to take Harmonia Pharmacy’s Carefree Pill. It was not because he had a problem with it, but because he really did not want to live anymore. 
If Uncle Ian had not met a small-time broadcaster on the Internet, he would not have taken the Myerses medicine again. 
He did not expect Yvonne to interpret his actions this way… 
He narrowed his eyes. “Nora is not from the Andersons. Her surname is Smith.” 
Yvonne said forcefully, “Her surname isn’t important. What’s important is that her mother is Yvette Anderson!” 
Yvonne sighed, “Joel, Daddy is already very weak. Do you really have to humiliate him like this?!” 
Humiliate?
Joel clenched his jaw. “I’m just saving Uncle Ian’s life! I believe Nora has the same thoughts.” 
After saying this, he said to Nora forcefully, “Go and see the medical records first.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. She was in a hurry to save him and did not care about the rest. However, just as she was about to enter the ward, Yvonne rushed over and blocked the door. “You can’t go in!” 
She looked at Joel angrily. “The person Daddy hates the most is Yvette. How can Nora appear in Dad’s ward? Are you trying to make Dad leave faster? I don’t agree!” 
With that, she turned to look at Granduncle. 
Granduncle immediately coughed. “It seems that in the last stage of the patient’s life, if we agree not to resuscitate him, the signature on the agreement must be signed by his immediate family. Joel, the decision to let her save your uncle is in the hands of Yvonne! After all, she is Ian’s legal daughter!” 
Yvonne nodded. “Joel, if you insist on humiliating Daddy, don’t blame me for being rude. I’m going to call the police!” 
Joel frowned and was about to force this group of people out of the hospital when he heard Nora’s light words. “Who said you’re his immediate family?” 
As soon as she said this, everyone looked at her, not understanding what she meant for a moment..
###Chapter 380: Nora Is Ian’s Daughter!!
Chapter 380: Nora Is Ian’s Daughter!! 
Yvonne frowned and shouted in anger, “What? You chased me out of the house. Are you not even going to let me acknowledge my family? I was adopted by Daddy, and our relationship is protected by the law. Don’t go overboard!” 
Joel frowned and looked at Nora, not understanding what she meant. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and said directly, “What I mean is that a biological child is more qualified than an adopted child to give permission to continue treatment, right?” 
Biological child? 
Yvonne was speechless. “Everyone knows that my father has never gotten married or had a woman in his life because of your mother. How could he have a biological child? Oh, I get it. You mean Joel? But there’s no adoption between Joel and Dad. Legally, they’re just uncle and nephew!” 
“I’m not talking about him.” Nora’s voice was cold. She looked at the time. When she first came, she did not immediately reveal her identity because she wanted to get the test report from Lily. 
Judging from the time, it should be here soon, right? 
As he thought about this, he heard Yvonne sneer. “Then who are you talking about? You can’t be talking about yourself, right?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at Yvonne. 
The girl’s almond-shaped eyes were filled with interest and mockery. For some reason, Yvonne suddenly had a bad feeling. Indeed, in the next moment, she heard her say calmly, “Yes, it’s me.” 
“…” 
The entire corridor fell silent for a moment. 
After a long time, Yvonne was the first to return to her senses. “You? Are you dreaming? You’re clearly Uncle Ryan’s daughter! You’re the illegitimate daughter your mother gave birth to when she eloped with Ryan! Last time, Joel even took your DNA to prove it! Nora, it’s daytime now. Please don’t have any beautiful dreams!” 
Joel looked at Nora’s confident look and frowned. He asked directly, “What evidence do you have?” 
As soon as he said this, he heard hurried footsteps in high heels walking over. 
Hearing this familiar sound, Nora’s lips curled up. “The evidence is here.” 
With that, everyone turned around and saw Lily walking over. She was wearing a black windbreaker and walked very flashily. 
Although Lily was American, she was of mixed blood. She had large eyes and a high nose bridge, making her look valiant. 
She came in front of them and directly handed the DNA report to Nora. 
Nora did not take it and raised her chin at Joel. 
Lily turned around and handed the DNA report to Joel. “Mr. Joel, this is An… Miss Nora and Mr. Ian’s DNA test report.” 
Test report?
Joel narrowed his eyes and picked up the report to take a look. When he saw that there was a 99% chance that they were father and daughter, he looked up at Nora in disbelief. 
Ian’s capable subordinates were all stunned. Someone could not help but ask, “Mr. Joel, what is written in the DNA report? Say something!” 
Joel put away the report and said word by word, “Nora is indeed Uncle Ian’s biological daughter.” 
As soon as he said this, the others stepped forward. 
“Let me see!” 
“Don’t fake this report. Look carefully before you speak.” 
“Didn’t you see the report logo? This is the most authoritative testing organization in the country. It can’t be fake!” 
“Is she really Mr. Smith’s daughter? So Yvette didn’t betray him? Then why did she escape back then?” 
“That’s not important. What’s important is that Mr. Smith has a future. He has a real daughter now!” 
The group was very excited. Their eyes were red as they spoke. 
Yvonne was also stunned. She took a step forward and snatched the DNA report. She shouted angrily, “How is this possible? How is this possible?! This is impossible! Isn’t she Ryan’s daughter? Joel, tell me, what’s going on?” 
What was going on? 
Joel also wanted to know what was going on!
However, now was not the time to argue about this. He said directly, “The previous test report might have been wrong, but this report is the answer given by the most authoritative and legal testing organization in the country! Nora is Uncle Ian’s daughter!” 
As his words fell, he looked at Nora. 
The girl was still standing there confidently. At this moment, she had her hands in her pockets as she looked at the people in the corridor. “I’m going to save my father now. Everyone, I wonder if that’s okay?” 
Ian’s subordinates did not stop her anymore. 
Yvonne and Granduncle had always been the ones stopping them. 
At this moment, the two of them had no right to stop her! 
But Yvonne was indignant. 
If Anti really went to save her father, the first thing her father would do when he woke up would probably be to deal with her! 
Yvonne roared, “No, I suspect that this report is fake! I want to get a DNA sample and do the test myself!” 
When she said this, Joel’s eyes turned cold. 
His eyes, which were usually smiling, were now filled with killing intent. He took a step forward and said coldly, “Yvonne, everyone knows that Nora is Anti, but you’ve been stopping her from saving Uncle Ian. What are your intentions?” 
Yvonne choked and stuttered, “I, I… I’m just fulfilling Dad’s wish!”
“Wish?” Joel sneered and looked at the others. “Let’s not talk about whether Nora’s DNA report is true or not. Your words are really laughable! Uncle Ian’s wish is to die, so you want him to die too? Is this your filial piety? You’re too foolish!” 
Yvonne was stunned. 
Joel looked at Granduncle and Ian’s capable subordinates and said directly, “Uncles, she has been stopping Anti from treating Uncle Ian since the beginning. Why? Only Anti can give Uncle Ian a glimmer of hope! You all said that I’m fighting for power, but if I’m really so selfish, why don’t I let Uncle Ian leave like this? Wouldn’t it be better to just be in charge of the company? Why is this unnecessary?! I’m sure you all know who doesn’t want Uncle Ian to live!” 
Ian’s subordinates had not spoken since Yvonne suggested not letting Nora treat him. 
In their opinion, Ian’s persistence was courting death. Being alive was better than anything. 
They were all senior executives of Smith Corporation, so how could they not understand anything? 
At this moment, everyone said, “Treat him first!” 
Hearing this, Yvonne was anxious. 
However, she calmed down when she thought of the doctor’s words. 
So what if she went to see him? The doctor had said that it was too late even if she made a move! 
The main reason was that once her father had passed away, so what if she was an adopted daughter? She still had the right to fight for the inheritance!
###Chapter 381: Cured!
Chapter 381: Cured! 
After everyone stopped blocking her, Nora entered the ICU ward. 
As soon as she entered, she sensed a group of people protecting the place. 
It seemed that regardless of whether the people outside had any ions or not, from the moment Joel called her to the hospital, the surgery was set in stone. 
He had probably sent Quentin over long ago and secretly arranged everything. 
Even without the DNA report, Joel could still resolve the problem violently if Yvonne ed. 
This big brother looked soft, but his methods were powerful. 
She did not have time to think about this anymore. She had already arrived at the bed and first sized up Ian’s expression. 
He was thinner than the last time they met. His cheekbones were protruding, and he lay there as thin as a piece of paper. 
Nora retracted her gaze and picked up his medical record and the CT scan she had taken. 
Every organ in his body was indeed failing. The most serious thing was that there was a tumor in his brain that needed to be removed immediately. It was similar to the situation with Mrs. Hunt. 
However, Mrs. Hunt was in her eighties, so her body naturally deteriorated. 
Ian was only 50 years old. It was really not right for his body to be so exhausted.
While she was thinking, Lily had already changed her clothes and walked in. The medical team that belonged to Anti had completely taken over Ian’s treatment team. 
Joel had no ions to this. 
— 
Outside. 
Ian’s attending doctor watched as Lily pushed Ian into the operating theater. He walked back and forth angrily and stomped his feet. He said to Ian, “Mr. Joel, Mr. Smith’s body is really not suitable for surgery! You’ll kill him!” 
Joel did not speak and only stared at the operating theater. 
The attending doctor said, “No matter how good Anti is, the most important thing to do now is to let the old sir recuperate first. All physical indicators have to be met before he can be carried to surgery!” 
Joel lowered his eyes and only said after a moment, “I believe her.” 
This girl could always create miracles. 
When the attending doctor knew that Joel had made up his mind and he would not change it again, he could only pace around anxiously as he stared at the operating theater. 
In the corridor, Granduncle and Yvonne sat on the bench. 
Granduncle held his walking stick and craned his neck to look as if he was waiting for the “good news” of his death. 
The others were also paying attention to this surgery.
Quentin had walked behind Joel at some point in time. He held his chin and was deep in thought, looking very worried. 
When Joel saw this, he comforted him for once. “Don’t worry. With Anti’s medical skills, if she can’t save Uncle Ian, then no one in this world can.” 
Quentin: “?” 
He slowly raised his head and looked at Joel. “I’m not worried about Uncle Ian! Nora can definitely treat him, right? Since she’s the best in medicine, why should I be worried?” 
Joel: “?” 
He hesitated. “Then you are…” 
Quentin sighed heavily. “Big Sister hasn’t been to the underground arena for two days. I wonder what happened. Sigh!” 
The night before yesterday, because he was going to save Nora, he did not go to the martial arts arena. In the end, he had found out that Big Sister had not gone over either. 
But last night, after he saw Nora return home, he had gone over. But in the end, Big Sister still did not come! 
Where did she go? What was she busy with? 
Joel: “…” 
He touched his forehead and asked, “Can’t you focus on the hospital first?”
Quentin: “…Is Big Sister in the hospital?” 
“…” 
This child did not know how serious Uncle Ian’s illness was. Forget it, he would not say any more. Instead of making him worry with him, it was better to worry about that Big Sister! 
— 
“It’s done.” 
With Nora’s words, the surgery in the operating theater came to an end. 
She looked at Ian’s vital signs and took out the silver needles to stop the bleeding. After she was done, she said, “Lily.” 
Lily stepped forward and wiped the sweat from her forehead. 
Then, she checked Ian’s entire body and said, “The operation was very successful.” 
Nora then heaved a sigh of relief. She nodded and went out. 
The door to the operating theater was opened. The people waiting anxiously outside immediately rushed over. 
“How’s Dad?” 
Yvonne was the first to ask this question. “Did the operation succeed? Will Dad wake up?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and glanced at her. “Of course. The surgery was very successful.” 
The words “very successful” made Yvonne’s face turn pale.
She took a step back in shock and looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Nora looked directly at Joel. “He will wake up in a day. I think there are some things that need to be settled after that.” 
Her last sentence was directed at Yvonne. 
Yvonne’s feet trembled as she looked at the operating theater. “I-I want to see Dad!” 
“Yes, let’s go see Mr. Smith!” 
The others agreed. 
Nora stopped them. “The patient has just finished his surgery. It’s easy to get infected if so many people go in to see him. Let’s wait for the patient’s condition to improve before we talk.” 
Everyone nodded. 
Joel then said, “Alright, Uncle Ian is no longer in danger. You can leave now.” 
After that, he looked at Yvonne and sneered, “Also, when Uncle Ian wakes up, I will tell him everything that happened during this period.” 
Yvonne trembled again. 
She bit her lip, but she was helpless in front of such a domineering Joel. In the end, she could only leave with the group of people. 
Seeing that the group of people had left, Quentin appeared again and stood beside Nora. He casually took the DNA report from Joel’s hand.
Quentin looked at Nora curiously and asked, “Where did you fabricate this report from? It’s actually so real! But you’re really smart. You actually thought of this method!” 
Nora: “?” 
Quentin opened the DNA report and looked at the stamp of the testing organization. “This stamp really looks like it. No wonder they didn’t see through it. Did Justin help you? Help me find out who they used for this. I’ll see if I can poach him from the Hunts…” 
Joel: “…” 
If he blurted his motive out so openly, would Nora still tell him?! 
That’s right. He and Quentin both thought that Nora’s report was fake. It was a reasonable plan to treat Uncle Ian. 
However, he did not expect to hear the girl’s clear voice say, “This report is real.” 
Quentin and Joel were stunned. 
The two of them looked at her simultaneously.. “What did you say?”
###Chapter 382: Punishment!
Chapter 382: Punishment! 
Was the DNA report real? 
Didn’t that mean that… Nora was really Uncle Ian’s daughter? 
It was not that she was not their cousin or related to them by blood if she was indeed Uncle Ryan’s daughter. It was just that Uncle Ian was different to them. 
To Joel and Quentin, Ian was more like a teacher and a father than an uncle. 
Especially Joel, who protected him from the bottom of his heart. 
Yvette and Uncle Ryan had eloped and hurt Uncle Ian’s heart. To the two of them, this matter was unforgivable. Therefore, in the beginning, their feelings for Nora were a little complicated. 
Even someone as strong as Ian would push a woman away when she clearly wanted to get close, let alone Joel and Quentin. 
But if Nora was Ian’s daughter… then it would be completely different! 
Joel could still maintain his composure. Although he was surprised, he could still maintain his calm. 
Quentin was stunned. “That’s impossible. I pulled your hair last time and tested your DNA. Is that hair not yours? We have a cousin?” 
Nora: “…” 
This was a novel way of thinking.
She grimaced and answered, “It’s mine.” 
She was silent for a moment, then decided not to bring up the question Lily had discovered, because she had sensitively caught that it might have involved something. 
She said confidently, “The result was wrong.” 
Quentin: “!!!” 
There was a small chance that the DNA test report would go wrong, and the probability was about 0.01%. How could they encounter such a thing? 
Quentin did not think much about it and asked, “Then, your mom didn’t betray Uncle Ian?” 
“…I don’t think so,” Nora said slowly. “Now that I think about it, she might have only given me the surname Smith after marrying Henry Smith. Also…” 
There was also the pharmaceutical company her mother had left behind, Idealian Pharmaceuticals. The name Idealian had the name ‘Ian’ in it! 
Quentin believed her again. He nodded and approached Nora directly. He patted her shoulder. “Alright, Nora. Since you’re Uncle Ian’s biological daughter, you’re my biological sister. I’ll protect you in the future! Don’t be afraid. As long as I’m here, I won’t let anyone bully you! Also, I won’t nag anymore when I’m protecting you! You don’t have to feel burdened, I’ll protect you personally. I’m also responsible for Uncle Ian.” 
Nora: “…” 
Joel: “…” 
Joel glanced at Quentin and then at Nora. His dark eyes were filled with thoughts.
Nora only pretended not to notice his probing gaze. 
— 
Yvonne was sent back to the villa in the suburbs, and Granduncle followed suit. 
He paced back and forth in the living room and looked at Yvonne angrily. “Didn’t you say that she was Ryan’s daughter? How did she become Ian’s legitimate daughter again?!” 
Yvonne was like an ant on a hot pan, not knowing what to do. She anxiously said, “Granduncle, what’s the point of talking about this now? You should think of a way to get me out of this!” 
Granduncle glanced at her and sneered. “I’ll think of a way for you? Anyway, when your father wakes up, you’re the one he wants to settle the score with, not me! This has nothing to do with me!” 
With that, he walked out quickly. 
Yvonne wanted to chase after him, but the old man had already slipped away as if he wanted to get rid of her. 
She clenched her fists in anger. 
This sinister and cunning old man! 
Previously, he hated Ian so much that he gritted his teeth. After all, no elder in charge of guarding the old residence would be looked down upon like this. However, Ian was too domineering and did not take him seriously at all. 
This old man would never miss any opportunity to bully Ian.
Yet, he could not bear the responsibility! 
Yvonne’s chest rose and fell as she sat on the sofa. 
She clenched her fists and stared ahead. 
Nora had become her father’s biological daughter. Then, her father would look down on her even more! 
After all, all these years, she only had a nominal relationship with Ian. Ian had never taken her out for a day. 
Furthermore, Ian was someone who abhorred evil. After knowing what she had done, even if they had no evidence, they might still chase her out of the Smiths! 
She could not leave the Smiths. 
She was used to living in luxury since she was young. She could not live without money! 
Yvonne lowered her head, her eyes turning red. 
Why did everyone look down on her? Wasn’t it because she was an adopted daughter? It was because she was an adopted daughter that she was afraid of being chased away and cared about her status… 
She covered her face and cried gloomily. 
But as she cried, she suddenly looked up again! 
She could not cry. She had not reached the end! 
She could still be saved! 
She stood up and walked around the room.
Yes, the only person who wanted to chase her out of the Smiths was her father. If her father died now, even if the Smiths acknowledged Nora, she would still have a share of her father’s assets! 
What a pity. Why did Nora save her father?! 
Saved… 
Yvonne’s eyes flashed with ruthlessness. 
After understanding something, she looked out the door and saw that there was no one outside. 
Joel was really silly. 
After sending her here yesterday, he had not left anyone behind to keep an eye on her, letting her go out and find Granduncle. 
It was the same today. 
But it was good too. 
She walked back and forth in her room, anxious to wait until it was dark. Then, she went out, took out her diamond ring, and found a black car. 
The driver took her to the hospital. 
The sky had already turned completely dark. 
After Yvonne got out of the black car, she entered the hospital with an uneasy expression. 
The more she walked, the calmer she became. 
When she arrived at the floor of Ian’s ward, she had already calmed down.
She slipped into the changing room at the side and changed into a nurse’s uniform before leaving with a mask on. 
She pushed the cart toward Ian’s ward. When she reached the door, she was stopped. “Who is it?” 
Yvonne was very calm as she said impatiently, “I’m here to change the dressing! Open the door!” 
The bodyguard was stunned before opening the door. 
Yvonne rushed to the bed and looked at Ian. 
Nora had said that he would wake up tomorrow. 
Therefore, she only had tonight. 
She took out a syringe and looked out. Then, her fingers trembled as she held Ian’s IV bottle and pushed the medicine in the syringe. 
With a fierce look in her eyes, she said, “Daddy, don’t blame me. If you want to blame someone, blame your biological daughter and my big brother for forcing me too hard!” 
However, just as she said this, a hand suddenly reached out from the side and held her hand tightly! 
Yvonne was stunned.. She turned around stiffly and met Joel’s face!
###Chapter 383: Was She Wrong?
Chapter 383: Was She Wrong? 
Yvonne was shocked senseless. 
She cried out in disbelief. “Ah!” 
Then her hand trembled and the needle landed on the bed. 
Her lips trembled. “Jo… Joel, what… what are you doing?” 
Joel looked at her with deep eyes. “I should be the one asking you this. What are you doing?” 
Yvonne bit her lips and refused to speak. “I-I was worried about Dad, so I came to see him.” 
“Is that so?” 
Joel lowered his head and looked at the needle on the bed. “What is this?” 
Yvonne gulped and stuttered, “Vitamin.” 
“Tsk, why didn’t I know this was vitamin?” 
Suddenly, another deep voice sounded, causing Yvonne to turn her head again and see Nora walking over. 
She picked up the syringe from the bed and sniffed it. After studying it carefully, she came to a conclusion. “This is potassium cyanide. As little as 0.1 grams injected into a person’s body would kill within thirty seconds!” 
Yvonne stared at the needle and said in shock, “This, this isn’t, don’t talk nonsense…”
“Really?” 
Nora handed the syringe to her. “There’s still some residue in here. If it’s vitamins, eat it and I’ll believe you.” 
Yvonne: “!!” 
She took the syringe with trembling fingers and stared at the liquid inside. 
Of course, she knew best what was inside! 
Potassium cyanide was medicine for euthanasia! 
Her hands trembled, but she did not dare to really drink it. She threw the syringe on the ground. “Why should I drink it? I won’t! I refuse!” 
Yvonne immediately shouted, “You’re slandering me! I didn’t want to poison Daddy!” 
She suddenly came to a realization and said, “I know. Is it because you didn’t treat Daddy at all, so you deliberately said that he would wake up tomorrow and forced me to do it?! This way, it won’t show that your medical skills are bad. Nora, you’re really sinister and cunning!” 
Nora heard her and lifted the blanket on Ian’s arm. 
The bottle of drip was not even connected to his hand! 
Yvonne was stunned. 
Nora smiled. “Indeed, he won’t wake up tomorrow. Do you think he will wake up immediately after the surgery when his brain illness is so serious? He will need to rest for at least a week. However, I couldn’t wait another week.”
What could she not wait for? 
Just as Yvonne was hesitating, Joel added, “The matter of you manipulating Florence to poison Old Maddy can’t be solved even if Florence sues you and makes a confession. As long as you refuse to admit it, there will be no evidence. We can’t convict you of instigating someone to murder, so we thought of this method.” 
The moment Nora left the operating theater, Yvonne had nervously asked when Ian would wake up. Joel had given Nora a look. 
Nora immediately said Ian would wake up tomorrow. 
This only gave Yvonne a day to make a move. 
When Yvonne heard that, she took a step back and looked at the two of them in disbelief. “Despicable! You’re too despicable!! You actually schemed against me!” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “This is a setup, but we didn’t force you to come in. Before tonight, I thought that if you didn’t come, you would still have some conscience. Then, I would have given you a decent dowry and married you off since you’re the eldest daughter of the Smiths. From the looks of it, I was still soft- hearted.” 
Yvonne cried out in surprise, “You’re too soft-hearted? You’ve always been the most careful and firm. I don’t need to spend much effort to please other brothers, but what about you? I’ve tried so hard, but I can’t make you treat me better! I know that you’ve never treated me like family!” 
Joel looked up at her. 
Yvonne was actually right.
He was a cold person by nature. There were not many people he cared about. 
Ian was one of them. 
Mia was one of them. 
Tanya from many years ago was one of them. 
He could barely count the cousins of the Smiths, but Yvonne had never been in his heart. 
Joel ignored her and said to the people outside, “Come in.” 
The bodyguards walked in. 
Joel pointed at Yvonne. “Take her away and send her to the police station tomorrow.” 
The word “police station” made Yvonne’s body shudder. 
She suddenly raised her head and looked at Joel in disbelief. “You… you’re sending me to the police station? If that’s the case, the Smiths’ matter will spread! This is all a scandal!” 
When Joel heard this, he nodded. “You’re right. The police will at most charge you with attempted murder. You’ll be sentenced to life imprisonment. If you’re more sensible inside, your life won’t be too bad.” 
The words “life imprisonment” made Yvonne shudder. 
Joel suddenly turned to look at Nora. “Nora, tell me. What should we do?” 
Was he handing her execution rights to Nora? 
Nora probably hated her to death!
Yvonne panicked. “Joel, big brother! You can’t do this. We’re siblings after all. Please give me a way out!” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “A way out? It’s not impossible. I’ll help you suppress this matter, but you have to listen to me and get married obediently…” 
Yes, she would get married to anyone he wanted! 
Yvonne nodded immediately. “I’ll listen to you!” 
However, Nora could hear another meaning from her words. 
Whoever she married, she had to listen to Joel’s arrangements. From Joel’s words, she could hear some killing intent. 
The man Joel wanted her to marry was definitely not a good person. 
She lowered her eyes and suddenly said, “Send her to the police station!” 
These words stunned Joel. “You’re willing to let her off?” 
Yvonne was also anxious. “Nora, you’re so evil!” 
She slowly turned back to Joel, stunned. 
Yvonne asked in confusion, “Joel, what do you mean by letting me off?” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “I originally planned to marry you to Jason.” 
Jason… 
Hearing this name, Yvonne shivered.
This person had violent tendencies. He had married two wives and both of them had been beaten to death. Because he was from a wealthy family, he had spent money to suppress the matter. 
However, domestic violence would not change. If she married him, there would only be one outcome— being beaten to death! 
Yvonne’s legs went soft and she fell to the ground. 
How could she have forgotten? 
Joel was a smiling tiger. Although he always had a smile on his face and his eyes were smiling, his heart was actually the most ruthless. 
She suddenly shouted, “Hypocrite! The Smiths are all hypocrites! Ian! He adopted me but did not take good care of me! He never gave me fatherly love.. You’re no better, you never treated me as your real sister! Was I wrong? I was not wrong! Because if I did not scheme, no one would think about me!”
###Chapter 384: Karma
Chapter 384: Karma 
Yvonne shouted crazily. She pointed at Joel and scolded, “You adopted me only because you wanted to matchmake me. Now, you see that I’m useless. This woman is back and you already have a sister, so you’re planning to abandon me! Are you despising me for being a hindrance? You Smiths are all bad people! Bad people! From the moment you adopted me, you’ve been up to no good!” 
“…” 
She screamed hysterically. If someone did not know better, they would have thought that the Smiths were torturing her. 
She did not know how long she had been shouting for before Nora stretched out her fingers and dug her ears. “Tsk, I really can’t listen to it anymore.” 
Yvonne’s voice stopped as she looked at her angrily. 
Nora squatted down and looked at her face to face. “Before you came, I investigated you.” 
She wanted to see if this person could still be saved. Was her heart bad or was it really because she lacked love? 
After all, she was an adopted daughter. 
The result was shocking. 
She took out her phone and opened the information she had saved in the photo album. “You said that he adopted you and treated you badly… Then do you know what the children who were with you at the
orphanage are doing now?” 
“This is the girl who slept on your top bunk. You should know her, right? She was adopted by an ordinary family, but she didn’t have the money to go to university after she went to high school. So she went out to work and met her boyfriend. The two of them are married now, but they have been fighting for their lives. She never knew in her life that someone’s clothes could be customized for hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars because she had never seen that much money.” 
“This is normal. Look at this girl. She’s also a girl from your dormitory. She was adopted by a beastly father and was placed under house arrest for 20 years. He got someone to come to her door and let her pick up guests to earn money. Her life was worse than death. Now that she has that kind of illness, she can’t see well and is waiting to die.” 
“And this…” 
The pictures were of all kinds of adopted children and their recent situations. Most of the children lived normally, but they were only middle-class. 
A small portion of people lived miserably. 
Nora looked at Yvonne. “So, why can’t you thank him for never mistreating you, for sending you to the best school, and even sending you overseas to study? The piano, violin, dance, computer, which of these don’t you need resources for? Some people have never come into contact with them. As for company and feelings, some people are just not good at talking, but he has never mocked you or ignored you, right?” 
“We shouldn’t ask for too much. The thought of destroying what we can’t get is too terrifying.” 
Yvonne still retorted, “I don’t ask for much. I just want a family! But the people in this family are too cold to me! I’m just a child!”
Nora saw that she was being stubborn and sneered. Before she could say anything, Joel’s voice suddenly came from the side. “I originally didn’t want to talk to you, but I don’t want to tarnish my reputation like you! Have you ever wondered why Uncle Ian is so distant and cold to you?” 
Yvonne was startled. “What?” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “When you were four years old, you had a fever once. Uncle Ian even guarded you for a night. At that time, he even played with you often… He was a perfect father!” 
Four years old? 
This was something that had happened too long ago, and Yvonne had long forgotten about it. 
As she was thinking, she heard Joel say, “Uncle Ian doesn’t treat you well because when you were four years old, he saw you kill the little rabbit that you kept as a pet.” 
Yvonne’s entire body froze. 
Joel lowered his eyes. “Uncle Ian bought you all kinds of pets, but because you felt that he treated them too well, you indirectly caused their deaths. During that period of time, other than humans, there were no living things in the house! Uncle Ian tried to correct your thoughts, but you were born with bad roots. You were bad to the bone. If you felt the slightest dissatisfaction, you would poison them. At that time, I felt that you were mentally unstable, but at most, you would hurt the pets. But I didn’t expect you to dare to poison people now! A vicious woman like you probably has a black heart. How could Uncle Ian possibly treat you with love?!” 
Yvonne narrowed her eyes.
She bit her lip. “Those pets stole my love. So what if I killed them? They’re just some animals! And that Old Maddy was just a lunatic adopted by our family. He didn’t even have any dignity when he was alive. So what if he died? He didn’t even have a family. What’s the point of such a person living in this world!” 
Hearing her words, Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Over the years, she had been used to seeing patients and lunatics. However, the person in front of her was the first person who made her feel terrified because she was a naturally bad person. 
She did not want to be involved with her anymore. She only said one last sentence. “Actually, when he adopted you, he had never thought of giving up on you again. If you don’t believe me, you can look at your name.” 
Name? 
Yvonne was stunned before she reacted. Her name was Yvonne, and Ian loved Yvette. 
She clenched her fists and sneered. “I already know what this name means. My existence is just him showing off his longing for his ex-girlfriend!” 
Nora said softly, “But he has been longing for her all his life.” 
So how could he chase the adopted daughter who represented Yvette out of the house? 
Yvonne was stunned. 
Nora did not give her a chance to speak again. Actually, she did not want to say anything to her here. She just did not want Yvonne to hate the person on the bed for no reason and let her tarnish his reputation. 
Now that everything was clear, she looked at Joel. “Send her to the police station.”
Joel was silent. 
Nora said, “Didn’t you say that he’s the most law-abiding? Then he’ll definitely send her to the police station and not torture her privately.” 
When Joel heard this, he looked at the person on the hospital bed. In the end, he suppressed the anger in his heart and said to the bodyguard, “Send her to the police station. Also, send all the surveillance cameras footage. We’ll definitely convict her of attempted murder!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
When Yvonne was dragged out by the security guards, she no longer spoke. Her body was also soft. 
Nora did not have time to sigh about her fate. She only told Joel that she was leaving first. 
It had been a long time since she went to the underground arena. She was going to take a look tonight. 
Otherwise, if she could not enter Class F, she would not be able to compete with Big Brother! 
She parked the car at the martial arts arena and entered. 
Quentin, who had been protecting her all along, followed closely behind. He was stunned when he entered the parking lot of the underground arena. 
What was his little cousin doing here?
###Chapter 385: Big Sister, Show Me Your True Colors!
Chapter 385: Big Sister, Show Me Your True Colors! 
Nora entered the underground arena and saw Justin in the food section. 
After all, a man holding a little girl was too eye-catching. 
She walked over and Cherry, who was wearing a silver mask, said softly, “Mommy, I haven’t seen you in a few days. I missed you so much~ When I see you, I feel full of energy!” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips twitched. Seeing that Cherry still had the intention to continue talking, she quickly said, “Shhh.” 
Cherry immediately shut her mouth obediently. 
Nora walked over and fell onto the sofa. She immediately leaned against the sofa and closed her eyes to rest. In order to wait for Yvonne to go to the hospital tonight, she had not slept since the day before. 
However, after closing her eyes, she could still hear Cherry mumbling at Justin’s ear. “Daddy, do you see that? Mommy is very scary if she hasn’t slept enough. You can’t provoke her now!” 
Justin smiled. “…How scary is she?” 
Cherry said softly, “When I was young, I was insensible once and woke her up. She spanked me a few times! It hurt so much!” 
“…”
The man remained silent for a long time before saying, “I envy you.” 
Nora: “” 
What did he envy Cherry for? Being spanked? 
Was this dog man still a masochist? 
She grimaced, rolled over, and went back to sleep. 
At this moment, enthusiastic applause and sighs were suddenly heard on the nearest ring. Then, someone passed by them while still discussing fervently. 
“Heavens, isn’t Victor too powerful? The last time he was injured, he was clearly more severely injured than Randy from Quinn School of Martial Arts, but Randy is still lying in the hospital and can’t get up. But look at Victor, he has already recovered, and he seems to be even more powerful than last time!” 
“That’s right. He only used a few moves to defeat the fighter from Class E. He’s too powerful. I think his skills aren’t much different from those two!” 
“No way? Big Brother and Big Sister are the representatives of martial arts. Victor is only the disciple of a foreign boxing champion and has only studied for two years. It can’t be…” 
The two of them left while talking. Nora suddenly opened her eyes. At that moment, her dark eyes met Justin’s. 
The mole under the man’s eye seemed to be flashing with the same question. 
The moment the two of them looked at each other, neither of them spoke. They stood up and walked toward the arena. 
Indeed, Victor was getting off the stage. On the other side, a man was being carried off the stage.
“That’s a Class E martial artist. He entered Class F last year, and his skills are not bad. He couldn’t even take a few moves from Victor?” 
Justin was a little hesitant as he stared at Victor. He slowly analyzed in a deep voice, “Furthermore, from the way he walked, his injuries seem to have healed completely. But he only took four days to heal his muscles and bones! This is too fast!” 
“There must be a reason why things are so abnormal.” Nora suddenly approached Justin. Her voice was very low. “Follow him and take a look?” 
Justin nodded. 
The two of them followed Victor out. When they saw him take two steps, he reached out and pressed his chest, his face filled with pain. 
The last time, Nora taught him a good lesson. Even if his external injuries were healed, his internal injuries were still there. 
The wound on his chest was the hardest to heal. 
As the two of them were thinking, Victor suddenly took out a bag of strange-looking medicine, opened it, and drank it. 
After he finished drinking, the pain in his chest seemed to have been relieved. Even his footsteps had become more vigorous. It looked like his martial arts skills had improved again? 
“There’s something wrong with that medicine.” 
Just as this sentence appeared in Nora’s mind, Justin had already spoken. Nora nodded. “Don’t disturb him. Let’s go over and take a look first.”
Victor finished the bag of medicine and did not throw the packaging into the trash can. Instead, he carefully folded the bag and placed it in his pocket. 
Nora frowned. 
Justin seemed to have sensed something and asked, “You want it?” 
“Yeah.” 
Justin handed her Cherry. “Wait a minute.” 
Nora had just taken Cherry when she saw Justin walking towards Victor in the distance. When the two of them brushed past each other, Justin’s shoulder suddenly bumped into Victor. 
Victor was furious. “What are you doing? Are you crazy?” 
Justin was wearing a black mask, and his thin lips curled up slightly. “I’m sorry.” 
Victor still wanted to scold him. After all, his temper had always been bad. However, for some reason, when he met this man’s pitch-black eyes, he could not say anything else. 
This was the pressure of an expert. 
Victor could only snort and mutter something before lowering his head and leaving quickly. 
After he left, Justin turned around and returned. He took out the bag of medicine, that Victor had drunk earlier, like a magic trick and handed it to Nora. 
Nora took it and glanced at it. Indeed, she saw some residue inside. 
She smirked. “I’ll let Lily see what’s in this medicine tonight. It shouldn’t be ordinary stimulants.” 
Justin nodded.
Cherry, who had long been placed on the ground by Nora, reached out her small hand to Justin. “Daddy, hug.” 
“Why do you need him to hug you? Don’t you have legs?” 
Nora muttered in disdain, but Justin still bent down without any hesitation and picked Cherry up. When he saw Nora frowning, he subconsciously explained, “It’s too messy here. It’s better to keep her close, just to be safe.” 
Nora: “…” 
After a moment of silence, she asked, “Do you hug Pete this much too?” 
Justin said without hesitation, “He doesn’t need it. As a man, this little danger is nothing.” 
“…” 
Why such double standards? 
Nora ignored him and rolled her eyes at Cherry instead. 
Cherry wrapped her arms around her father’s neck and praised, “Daddy, you looked so handsome when you were stealing!” 
Justin: “…” 
Cherry blinked. “Should we continue to steal things?” 
Justin smiled. “We have everything you want at home. In this world…”
He suddenly looked at Nora and said meaningfully, “Other than the one thing that I want to steal, I can buy everything else for you.” 
Cherry was curious. “Then what are you trying to steal, Daddy?” 
Justin just smiled. 
For some reason, Nora’s heart skipped a beat when he stared at her. 
Her face was even slightly hot, so much so that she did not notice a figure quietly approaching her. 
Just as Justin’s lips moved slightly and he was about to say something, a figure suddenly darted out from the side. 
Quentin attacked Nora’s face very quickly and took off her mask.. “Big Sister, let me see your true colors today!”
###Chapter 386: Teaming Up For The Tournament?
Chapter 386: Teaming Up For The Tournament? 
Quentin moved very quickly. Just as it seemed like he was about to take off her mask, and even Nora was caught somewhat off-guard, a large hand suddenly held her around her waist and pulled her back a couple of steps. She fell right into the man’s arms. 
The man’s familiar testosterone-y aura took Nora by surprise. 
She turned to see Justin staring at her. After quickly letting go of her waist, the man said in a low and deep voice, “You’re welcome.” 
Nora: “…” 
She actually wasn’t planning on thanking him. 
She stood up straight and looked at Quentin. “What are you doing?” 
Quentin felt rather regretful that he hadn’t managed to take off her mask. He said, “Sorry, Big Sister. I just wanted to see what you really look like.” 
When he was walking over just now, he had seen Big Sister spacing out for once. On top of that, she had even seemed distracted and somewhat dazed, so he had reckoned that this was probably the best opportunity he would ever have. 
Unexpectedly, it had actually failed. 
He couldn’t help but glare at Justin, who was wearing a black mask. 
What was he showing off how in love they were at a critical moment like that for?
Couldn’t he just hug her at home? To think he actually did that in public. Was it because he thought that he was single and didn’t have a girlfriend? 
He curled his lips disdainfully and ignored Justin. Instead, he showed Nora a lot of admiration and asked, “Why didn’t you come the last two days, Big Sister?” 
Nora: “?” 
Didn’t he know exactly what she was doing? 
She curled her lips into a smile and replied, “I had something on.” 
Quentin nodded. “I just so happened to have something on too. My cousin was framed, so I went to save her. By the way, are we still taking part in the match today, Big Sister?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora agreed to it without any hesitation. 
Quentin looked around. 
“Are you looking for someone?” asked Nora. 
Quentin nodded. “I saw my cousin’s car outside. She must have heard about the tournament somewhere and come here to have some fun. I’m afraid she’ll offend someone because she doesn’t know the rules, so I’m looking around to see if I can find her. I don’t know where she’s hiding, though.” 
Nora: “…” 
Next to her, Cherry, who was holding her cell phone, swept her gaze across Quentin and shook her head a little. It would probably take that silly uncle of hers forever to realize that Mommy was Big Sister!
Nora and Justin were the two mainstays of the martial arts circle. With Quentin, the self-proclaimed third, with them, their team practically forged ahead unopposed. 
Before they went into the ring, Quentin even said to Justin, “Remember to protect yourself later. You’re the weakest among us three. Don’t give the opponents any chance for a breakthrough.” 
Justin: “…” 
His words made Nora give Justin a close, scrutinizing look. 
The two of them had fought each other a few times before, but she hadn’t been able to completely suppress Justin before. This showed that the man was very strong. Who exactly was he? Who had he learned his martial arts from? 
Perhaps because he noticed her gaze, Justin came up to her and let out a low chuckle. With his beauty mark covered by his mask, the man’s eyes were dark and bottomless and looked a little less bewitching than usual. He said, “I’ll take off the mask and let you look at me for free after the fight is over and we go home. Don’t look anymore for now.” 
Nora: “!!” 
Quentin: “…” 
For some reason, he felt like they were showing off how in love they were again. The two of them were too much! 
Were they here to compete or to show off how deeply they were in love with each other?! 
The triggered Quentin straight-up displayed his martial prowess to its fullest and utterly defeated his opponent. 
With all the points they had accumulated recently, they had reached Class D.
The team of three fought two more matches. However, when they were about to leave at night, the organizer of the tournament came up to them with a troubled look on his face. He said, “Please wait a minute, the three of you.” 
The trio stopped and looked at the organizer in confusion. 
The organizer sighed and asked, “Can the three of you wait for a while and watch a certain match?” 
Watch a certain match? 
All three of them nodded. 
Quentin had agreed because the tournament used to be organized by Ryan. At the bottom of it all, the Smiths had to take responsibility for the tournament. 
As for Justin, as a leading figure in the martial arts circle, he had his responsibilities, of course. 
Although Nora didn’t actively participate in the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ affairs, as Big Sister, she would play her part in maintaining order in the tournament, so she also agreed to it. 
The organizer took the trio to Arena No. 5. 
Once one-on-one matches were over, team matches were slotted in at intervals. 
However, Nora was stunned when she saw the three people in the ring because… 
The people in the ring were none other than Victor and his two fellow disciples! 
The few of them were disciples of the Benevolence Hall, which had only been established for two years. Additionally, the owner of the Benevolence Hall was none other than the foreign boxing champion,
Abigail! 
Why had those three suddenly formed a team, though? 
While she was wondering about it, the organizer standing beside them sighed and said, “That man called Victor, as well as his two fellow disciples, suddenly became very strong. Originally, we didn’t think much about it—after all, once they reach Class F, there are Big Brother and Big Sister who will teach them a lesson or two.” 
While saying that, he secretly cast a glance at Justin. 
Seeing that Justin was ignoring him, he continued and said, “But unexpectedly, those three have actually formed a team. Now that they’ve become a three-man team, it may really be true that no one can beat them anymore!” 
Quentin snorted coldly at his words. “Why wouldn’t anyone be able to beat them? How can you put yourself down when you haven’t even fought them?! There’s still me and Big… my elder sister, isn’t it?” 
He’d originally wanted to say ‘Big Sister’, but he suddenly remembered that Big Sister wanted to hide her identity, so he ended up saying ‘elder sister’ instead. 
Nora: “” 
Her lips slowly curled into a smile. She couldn’t help but wonder if that fellow would still be able to bring himself to call her his ‘elder sister’ once he knew who she really was. 
The organizer, however, misunderstood and thought that Quentin wanted to say ‘Big Brother’, so he didn’t think too much about it. He merely sighed and said, “There’s only the two of you. Besides, it’s one- on-one. To be honest, I’m not worried about Big Sister or Big Brother being up against Victor one-on-one. But there are three of them, so… it’s hard to say!”
The organizer glanced at Justin. 
Victor and his two fellow disciples were comparable in strength to Big Sister and Big Brother now. Unfortunately, Team Third In The World only had Big Brother and Quentin, who was ranked third. How would they be able to beat them? 
Quentin also heaved a sigh. “Yeah. I’m not trying to diss you, but you’re holding us back, bro.” 
Nevertheless, he still said impartially, “Just try your best. It doesn’t matter even if you lose. We’re all Americans here, so it doesn’t matter.” 
As soon as he said that, the organizer fell silent for a moment. At last, he heaved a huge sigh and asked, “Do you know what their team name is?” 
“What is it?” 
“Americans Are Incompetent.” 
His words stunned the three of them. 
Quentin shouted angrily, “What kind of ridiculous name is that? You guys actually allowed it?” 
The organizer was also very angry. “We don’t have any rules in the tournament. It’s just like how no one would say anything even if you named your team First In The World. They exploited that loophole.. So, do you still think it’s okay to lose?”
###Chapter 387: Change Him To Big Brother!
Chapter 387: Change Him To Big Brother! 
Was it okay to lose? 
Of course not! 
Quentin said, “Let us face them in a match! We’ll kick their a*ses!” 
The organizer looked at him and shook his head again. “Sigh. Let’s talk about it again after you watch their match.” 
Quentin didn’t understand what he meant, but shortly after, he did. 
He’d originally thought that Victor must be the strongest among the three, but unexpectedly, the bald black man next to him was actually the strongest. 
His body was as if it was made out of steel, and he seemed immune to all attacks. All the teams they were up against were from Class D, but the three of them played them all like they were babies. 
Victor wasn’t that lacking in martial arts ethics anymore this time. 
The victory was theirs once the three of them threw their opponents out of the ring. 
There was no applause around them. Victor was quiet and didn’t say anything. The bald man next to him rubbed his bald head and said something in a foreign language. 
Someone who didn’t understand asked, “What did he say?” 
Cherry translated it for him. “He said, ‘Isn’t there anyone in America who can fight?’”
“…” 
That one line from her made everyone fall silent. 
Even Quentin, who was usually the chattiest person ever, had a serious look on his face. He stared at them for quite a while before he finally leaned toward Nora and asked, “Big Sister, did you notice…” 
“They’ve become stronger.” 
Nora answered him straightaway. 
Quentin immediately nodded. “Yes, and it isn’t just by a little. Why do I feel like Victor can last a few dozen moves against you now?” 
Nora replied, “Twenty moves.” 
Quentin: “…” 
Big Sister was simply so confident! 
But! 
He felt an acute sense of crisis. “I was originally ranked third in New York, but I feel threatened by that guy now. Aside from Big Brother and Big Sister, there’s probably no one else who would be their match now, right? I can only tie with them at the most.” 
The organizer sighed and said, “Now you understand why I asked you guys to watch the match, right? It’ll probably only be possible to defeat them if Big Brother and Big Sister team up!” 
Quentin nodded at once. “I think so, too.” 
Even if he could stop Victor, Big Sister would have a hard time dealing with the other two by herself.
The organizer said, “Out of all the teams, Team Third In The World has the highest chance of beating them. Therefore, from tomorrow onward, I intend to arrange five matches for you guys every day, so that you can enter Class F as soon as possible. This way, you’ll be able to go up against them! Otherwise, if they hog the Class F seats and clamor there every day, won’t we die of anger? I wonder if the three of you would agree to it?” 
Justin looked straight at Nora and said, “She has the final say.” 
The organizer: “…” 
He looked at Nora. 
Nora kept quiet for a moment before she nodded. “Okay.” 
She was duty-bound to uphold the American pride in their martial arts. 
The organizer looked at Quentin again. 
Quentin, who had a stern look on his face, hesitated for very long before he finally said, “Okay! After all, as the person ranked third in the world, who else can do it, if not me?” 
The organizer finally breathed a sigh of relief and left. 
After he left, Quentin walked over to Justin and Nora. “Big Sister, I think the three of us may not be able to win against the three of them because we have someone in the team holding us back.” 
Both Justin and Nora nodded. 
And wasn’t that so? 
He had quite a lot of self-awareness after all. 
Unexpectedly, the next moment, Quentin said to Justin, “How about you withdraw from the team? If we replace you with Big Brother, we likely won’t have any problems anymore!” 
Justin: “” 
He let out a low scoff of laughter. He was about to speak when a woman’s cold and urgent voice reached them. “No, I don’t want that.” 
Quentin: “?” 
Justin also looked at her, only to see dissatisfaction in Nora’s almond-shaped eyes. “I don’t want to be in the same team as him.” 
Justin: “…” 
Quentin was also dumbfounded. “Huh? Why?” 
“We don’t get along.” After giving a brief explanation, Nora looked at Justin and added, “Besides, he isn’t weak. The three of us can do it.” 
Only Nora, who had fought with him before, knew how strong Justin truly was. Quentin usually fought very valiantly against their opponents, so he had basically dealt with the opponents for Justin. Moreover, he was carrying Cherry, which made Nora worried that she would get hurt, so she also helped him out all the time. 
As a result, despite being on the same team, Quentin still didn’t know how strong Justin ‘The Pretty Boy’ was. 
Quentin liked Big Sister, but he also liked Big Brother very much.
He couldn’t help but speak up for Big Brother. “Big Sister, what did Big Brother do to you? Did he steal your baby? Or did he steal your husband? Why are you so at odds with him?” 
Nora: “…” 
Quentin scratched his head. “Besides, I know you definitely think highly of your husband, but shouldn’t we be realistic? You can’t just think that your husband isn’t weak just because beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” 
Then, he held his arm up, raised his chin, and said, “Or how about I compete with him in a duel? If he can beat me, he can stay in the team.” 
Nora glanced at him and left. 
Justin also glanced at him and left. 
Quentin: “” 
What did those two mean by that? Why did he feel as if the more he looked at them, the more he felt like something was wrong? 
Were they looking down on him? 
The corners of his lips spasmed and he chased after them. However, he could no longer see the two of them. 
Never mind. 
He would just look for his cousin first.
He went one round in the arena but didn’t find her. In the end, he decided to go to the car park and wait for her!! 
No matter where she was, she would eventually have to go to the car park, right? 
Nora and Justin had already turned the corner and gone onto the path at the side. After confirming that there was no one on either side, Justin said, “I know those two people that teamed up with Victor. They have been here since the start of the tournament, but at that time, they weren’t as strong as they are now.” 
“So, that means they’ve also become stronger?” 
Nora asked hesitantly. 
Justin nodded. 
Nora took out the drink pouch that Justin stole from Victor and asked, “Do you know what Morris told me?” 
Justin practically replied without any hesitation, “Human experiments?” 
Nora was surprised. “You know about it?” 
“I was guessing.” 
Nora wasn’t doubtful anymore. Given how smart Justin was, he must have already figured out something from the point where Morris started to frequently check whether there were any unknown chemicals in Old Maddy’s body. 
A puzzled Justin asked, “Are you suspecting that their increase in strength is related to illegal drugs?”
Nora raised the pouch she was holding. “I will know whether there’s any relation once I check the chemical composition of the stuff in here overnight.” 
Justin nodded. The two walked to the car park. 
Nora had only just come up to her black jeep when Quentin came after her..
###Chapter 388: A Younger Sister Should Give In To Her Elder Brother
Chapter 388: A Younger Sister Should Give In To Her Elder Brother 
When Nora, who was about to stop in front of the jeep, saw him coming over out of the corner of her eye, she paused slightly and instead followed Justin to the ordinary car two parking spaces away from the jeep. 
Justin glanced behind him. When he saw Quentin, he immediately understood why she had done that. However, he pretended not to understand and raised an eyebrow. He asked, “Are you thinking of going home with me? It’ll be my greatest pleasure.” 
Nora: “…” 
She rolled her eyes and said, “Can you be a little more serious?” 
Justin let out a low chuckle. “This is the very first time someone has ever told me to be more serious.” 
In front of outsiders, he had always been unfathomable and unsmiling, but the man was really letting go of himself more and more in front of her. 
For some reason, Nora suddenly thought of the first time they had met. 
The man had been cold and unfathomable at that time. 
He had walked out of Hotel Finest’s elevator in California like he was the bright moon surrounded by a myriad of stars. At that time, Pete’s head was buried into his shoulders with only the back of his head exposed. 
The man had glanced at her and then coldly said, “You’re not my type, Ms. Smith.”
… 
How times had changed. How had that cold and distant man of that time suddenly fallen into the mortal world? 
While she was thinking about it, the man walked over to the backseat, opened the door, and put Cherry in. Then, he looked at her. “You don’t want to be in the backseat? Oh, that’s true. You’d definitely want to be in the passenger seat instead.” 
Nora: “…” 
Fine. No matter how much time flew by, it seemed like the man would only become more and more narcissistic. 
Nora sat in the backseat in the end. Justin didn’t mind, either. He drove off with her and Cherry. 
In the car park. 
Quentin stood in front of the jeep after watching Big Sister get into the car with her husband and daughter. However, even after waiting for a long while, he didn’t see his cousin coming out. He frowned and looked into the jeep through the window. 
The car’s chassis was very high. When he looked at the backseat, he noticed two pieces of clothing that had been placed there. 
Quentin was taken aback. 
Weren’t those the clothes that Nora was wearing when she was treating Uncle Ian in the hospital? 
Why were they in the backseat? 
No, wait…
Quentin suddenly understood something, and he immediately smiled. 
— 
Nora left with Justin. She waited until Quentin left before she finally went back to her car. 
She got into the car and changed in the backseat. After casually tossing the red dress onto the backseat, she finally opened the door to go to the driver’s seat. 
Before she went over, Justin chuckled and said, “If you really want to hide your identity, you should change your car too.” 
He tossed his car key to Nora and suggested, “Why don’t you drive this car instead for now?” 
Nora glanced at his car. 
From the outside, it was just an ordinary Volkswagen. 
But once one entered, they would realize that it wasn’t as simple as it looked on the inside. 
Be it the engine or the leather seats, all of them were the best. Remodeling a car cost a lot. In addition, even if she had the money, time was needed to remodel a car at the last minute. 
Thus, after thinking about it for a while, she didn’t turn him down. She took the car keys from him and said, “I won’t stand on ceremony, then.” 
Nora drove the jeep while Justin drove the ‘ordinary’ Volkswagen. The two left the building one after the other, and subsequently entered a high-end residential complex. 
After getting Justin to park the Volkswagen in the residential complex, Nora said, “I’ve bought an apartment here. This is the parking lot for the apartment.” 
Justin looked upstairs. “What’s your apartment number?” 
Nora was a little surprised, but nevertheless answered, “302.” 
Then, she asked, “What are you planning?” 
“To buy 301.” Justin smiled and said, “If you ever move in, we can be neighbors.” 
“… You must be sick in the head,” said Nora. 
“Yeah, why don’t you treat my illness?” Justin immediately quipped. 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. She got into the jeep and said, “Get in the car. I’ll take you guys home.” 
Justin picked up Cherry and got in the backseat. When Nora, who had gotten into the driver’s seat, saw them, she couldn’t help but say, “She has already grown up, yet you’re still holding her?” 
“There’s no child seat. It’s not safe.” 
Justin briefly explained. 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. “She’s already used to riding in the car by herself.” 
“Mommy, that was because no one doted on me back then! I’m not used to it anymore!” 
Cherry protested weakly. However, as soon as she said that, she saw Nora’s stern eyes in the rearview mirror. She was so scared that she shrank back and hastily said, “Yes, I’m very used to it. Why don’t you put me down, Daddy? Don’t hold me so tightly~”
Despite saying that, she didn’t get off Justin’s legs but instead hugged his neck tighter. 
Nora: “…” 
Justin chuckled and stroked Cherry’s hair. He didn’t expose her, but instead supported her and said, “Be good. Don’t listen to your Mommy, she’s just jealous.” 
Cherry was puzzled. “What’s she jealous of?” 
“That I’m hugging you, of course.” 
This was an ambiguous statement. 
First, it meant that she was jealous of Cherry. 
Second, it meant that she was jealous of Justin. 
That scumbag was really taking advantage of her every moment of the day. 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. She couldn’t be bothered with the two of them, so she instead asked detachedly, “When are you and Pete switching back, Cherry?” 
Cherry panicked at once. She said, “Mommy, I really miss you very much. I miss you super much! I miss the way you sleep, the way you get ready to go to bed, the way you doze off while you eat…” 
She couldn’t come up with any more. After being stuck for a while, she finally said, “But Pete needs you more! After all, you haven’t seen each other for five years, so I won’t disturb your bonding session, okay?” 
“…”
That clever little fellow obviously didn’t want to come back anymore after Justin spoiled her so much, so she made up so many excuses. 
She sneered, “Shall I thank you on behalf of Pete?” 
“It’s fine~” Cherry said shyly, “What can I do? I’m his little sister, after all, so I have to give in to my elder brother~” 
“…” 
It seemed like Cherry had become more thick-skinned than before. 
She glared at Justin. It really was like what they said—one was marked by the company they kept! 
After Nora took Cherry and Justin to the Hunts, while Cherry was getting out of the car, she asked, “Mommy, when are you and Daddy taking Pete and me to the amusement park?” 
“Another day.” 
Nora answered. 
Cherry, however, persisted. She asked, “When is that?” 
“… The day after tomorrow!” 
Nora had no choice but to give her an answer. 
“Yay!” Cherry raised her eyebrows at Justin triumphantly. Then, she bounced off while holding his hand and entered the manor. 
Nora returned to the Smiths after that.
Unexpectedly, right after she got out of the car, Quentin came out of nowhere and blocked her way. He said, “You don’t have to pretend anymore, Nora! I know your secret now!” 
Nora’s pupils shrank! 
Surely her identity as Big Sister hadn’t been exposed, had it?
###Chapter 389: Kiss~
Chapter 389: Kiss~ 
She asked calmly, “What secret?” 
“Did you go to the martial arts tournament because you heard something?” 
A resigned Nora nodded. “That’s right.” 
“I knew it. You even changed and put on a mask, so I didn’t recognize you.” Quentin looked around after he spoke. Then he said, “Since you were at the tournament, then you must have heard of me, right? “ 
Nora: “?” 
Quentin said, “Didn’t I already tell you? I’m the best fighter in the family and am ranked third in New York. I will definitely shine in the tournament! Do you know who I am?” 
“… No, I don’t.” 
Quentin the dimwit immediately looked around. Then, he said, “I’ll tell you and you alone since you’re my cousin, Nora. You’re the only one I’m telling, get it? Even Joel doesn’t know the alias I’m using in the tournament!” 
He straightened his back, raised his chin, and declared, “I am Smithin!” 
“…” 
However, when he didn’t see any reaction from Nora, Quentin glanced at her and frowned. “Haven’t you heard of that name? Then do you know the famous Team Third In The World?”
Be it Smithin or Team Third In The World, both had actually become very famous in the underground arena recently. Anyone who had been there would have heard of him. 
But… 
Nora decided to tease him and deliberately said, “I’m new there, so I only heard them talking about Victor.” 
Quentin: “…” 
No one in the family knew that he was participating in the martial arts tournament, so he couldn’t show off. Now that he had finally found a cousin who was interested in the tournament, how could she be kept unaware of his greatness? 
Quentin was very puzzled, very much so. “Victor is nothing. He’s just a piece of trash who lost to me two years ago. Even if you have never heard of Smithin, surely you’ve heard of Team Third In The World, right?!” 
He hadn’t competed in his own name, so it was normal that she hadn’t heard of him. But how come she hadn’t heard of the famous Team Third In The World, either? 
Nora walked toward the house. “And then?” 
“What do you mean by ‘and then’?!” Quentin became anxious. He gritted his teeth, steeled his resolve, and said, “Forget it, I’ll let you in on another big secret!” 
Nora looked back at him. 
Quentin said, “But you have to swear that you won’t tell anyone! I promised that I wouldn’t reveal her identity casually to outsiders. I’m only telling you because you’re my cousin.”
Nora had a vague idea what he was going to say next when she heard that. Sure enough, the next moment, he asked, “Do you know who that woman in the red dress in Team Third In The World is?” 
Nora: “…” 
“She’s Big Sister! The Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts!!!” 
Quentin said triumphantly, “Do you see now? Even Big Sister has teamed up with me. She approached me because she thought that I was talented and fought pretty well… Surely you’ve at least heard of Big Sister, right?” 
“… Yeah, I have.” 
Quentin was satisfied at last. He said, “So, don’t you feel very honored that Big Sister has seen something in your elder brother? But don’t you get ahead of yourself. You absolutely mustn’t say anything about this to outsiders. Big Sister’s identity is confidential.” 
“…” 
“Is that look in your eyes envy? Actually, you don’t have to be envious that Big Sister has seen something in me. Uncle Ian picked me out of everyone in the family to practice martial arts when I was a child, so I’ve been practicing ever since. I heard that you used to be obese, and were even in poor health in the past, so you must not have practiced martial arts much before, right? By the way, which class are you in now?” 
Nora: “…” 
She knew how eager Quentin was to show off and bask in the limelight, so she knew that she didn’t need to say anything. Sure enough, Quentin said, “My team is already in Class D now. Once we win another
five matches tomorrow, we’ll advance to Class E. We’ll be able to advance to Class F the day after tomorrow!” 
“… Wow, how amazing.” 
“Isn’t it? I think so, too.” Quentin folded his arms and said triumphantly, “But don’t you dare think it’s because I’m piggybacking off Big Sister. I can still compete by myself without any problems even without Big Sister. Why are you walking so fast? Forget it, I won’t say any more, lest you become jealous. But don’t worry, if someone bullies you in the arena, you can just use the name Smithin to scare them off!” 
“…” 
Nora suddenly felt like she’d better not let the young man with eighth-grader syndrome know her true identity after all. If she did, she reckoned that she’ll never have any peace anymore. 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she went upstairs. 
When she entered the bedroom, she realized that Pete had already returned from school and was obediently working on his Mathematical Olympiad problems. 
Nora glanced at his workbook. The Mathematical Olympiad problems he was doing were almost at high school standard now. The five-year-old’s IQ was simply terrifying. 
“Mommy.” 
Pete greeted her obediently. 
Nora made a sound of acknowledgment and stepped forward. She stroked his hair, and then bent over and gave him a kiss on the forehead. She said, “Let’s go downstairs for dinner after you’re done with that.” 
Pete nodded and continued to bury his head into the workbook.
Nora picked up her cell phone and saw a voice message from Tanya: ‘Have you given your son a kiss?’ 
Nora replied: ‘… Yes, I have.’ 
Tanya: “Yeah, Pete’s sense of security still leaves a little to be desired. It can’t be compared with Cherry’s at all. After all, the role a mother plays is simply too crucial when one is growing up. You have to have more physical contact with Pete, get it?” 
Nora: ‘Yeah, yeah. I know.’ 
Tanya sighed emotionally again and said: “Don’t think of me as being too long-winded. After all… I also wish I could give mine a kiss.” 
When Nora heard the message, she immediately knew that Tanya had thought of her missing child again. 
She didn’t know how she should comfort her. After all, she had also experienced the pain of losing her own child. 
Nora kept quiet for a while before she replied: “You’ll definitely find him or her one day.” 
Tanya: ‘Yeah.’ 
Since she had fallen silent, Nora didn’t send her any more messages. She turned to her son. Suddenly, she felt like something was amiss. “Where’s Mia?” She asked. 
By right, Pete and Mia should be playing with each other at this time! 
Without even lifting his head, Pete replied, “She’s having dance classes at God-mom’s!”
“…” 
In the villa in the suburbs. 
Mia’s forehead was covered in perspiration as she did leg stretches. 
The small and thin five-year-old looked as if she was only four years old. Tanya went over and gave her a few pointers. 
Mia glanced at Tanya. 
Her teacher was very strict, but for some reason, she wasn’t scared of her at all. When Tanya lowered her head toward her, Mia even suddenly kissed her on the cheek. 
Tanya was stunned. She looked at Mia in disbelief, upon which Mia said, “Didn’t you want a kiss, Ms. Turner? I’ll give you a kiss.” 
An acerbic feeling suddenly welled up in Tanya, and she felt a mix of emotions come over her..
###Chapter 390: Her Birthday
Chapter 390: Her Birthday 
It seemed like she could still feel the warmth from the soft lips on her cheek. 
Tanya touched her cheek and looked at the small, timid Mia in front of her. Suddenly, a feeling welled up in her—would it also feel like this if her child kissed her? 
She spaced out and kept quiet for a while. 
Seeing her freeze, Mia became frightened. Her eyes reddened and she hastily asked, “Are you mad, Ms. Turner?” 
Tanya didn’t know whether she should be angry or not. 
In fact, she even felt like her decision to teach Mia dancing was a mistake in itself! 
The child she had with Joel was missing. 
Yet, here she was, teaching Joel’s daughter how to dance. In fact, when she kissed her, she hadn’t even pushed her away. It was as if she had already accepted her. 
How could she do that?! 
Tanya was originally helping Mia with her leg stretches, but she suddenly stood up. She wanted to say coldly, ‘Don’t kiss me again in the future.’ 
But when she looked at Mia’s round eyes and small pointed face, she simply couldn’t bring herself to say it. In fact, the words at the tip of her tongue even changed. She said, “No, I’m not.”
Mia nodded. “Then, are you happy?” 
Tanya wanted to say that she wasn’t, but when she saw the hopeful look in Mia’s eyes, she instead replied impulsively, “Yes.” 
Her answer made Mia’s eyes instantly light up. 
She said timidly, “My mother said that I can’t kiss her so casually, Ms. Turner. She would also become unhappy if I made physical contact with her, so I thought you were unhappy, too. I only kissed you because I heard you say that you wanted a kiss. Are you really not mad at me?” 
Her mother didn’t allow her to touch her? 
Tanya was dumbfounded. 
She didn’t know how other mothers behaved, but if it were her daughter, she would never tire of giving her kisses. Besides, whenever she was out, she always saw a lot of children who behaved very intimately with their mothers. 
Little did she expect a tiny little girl like Mia to be so pitiful? 
With that thought in mind, she said, “It’s true, I really am happy. Ms. Turner likes to keep close contact with children.” 
“That’s great!” 
Mia stood up straight and grabbed Tanya’s hand. She made her lower her head and then kissed her on the cheek again. She said, “I will make you happy every day from now on, Ms. Turner!” 
She pursed her lips and gave her a bashful smile.
Tanya simply couldn’t bring herself to say any words of rejection when faced with such a well-behaved and adorable little girl! 
She ruffled Mia’s hair and asked, “Doesn’t it hurt when you stretch?” 
Mia immediately nodded. “It does!” 
“Then why didn’t you say anything?” Tanya asked curiously. 
After she decided to take Mia as her student, she had added an hour of class for her after school every day. As there wasn’t a suitable location in the kindergarten, she had brought her to her home. 
Fine beads of perspiration had formed on Mia’s forehead when she was dancing, yet she hadn’t complained about being tired. 
After dancing, Tanya had even told her to do leg stretches. 
One must always do their stretches properly after exercise. Besides, Mia was already five. To be honest, it was already a bit of a late start for a dancer because the body would no longer be flexible enough anymore. Thus, Tanya had also taught her a few difficult moves such as bending over backward. 
Despite that, Mia hadn’t made even a single sound from beginning to end. 
Just as she was wondering whether it was because the girl’s pain receptors were less sensitive than others, Mia replied, “I can’t complain that it hurts.” 
Tanya was taken aback. “Why?” 
When she was a child, she would always cry out even at the slightest bit of pain when she was practicing. This way, the teacher would show her some mercy. 
Mia replied, “Because Daddy will be unhappy if I’m in pain. If Daddy is unhappy, Mommy will also be unhappy.” 
Unhappy? 
Tanya frowned. Suddenly, she started to feel sorry for the girl. 
Although she lived in a wealthy family and had both her parents with her, she led too frustrating a life. While other five-year-olds from ordinary families were blissfully unaware, she didn’t even have the right to complain when she was in pain! 
Tanya suddenly became a little angry with Joel. 
How could he treat a child like that? 
No matter what, children were angels of the world. They were the most innocent!! 
Tanya said to Mia, “Mia, you can speak freely without holding back in Ms. Turner’s home in the future. If you’re tired from practice, you can say so. If you’re in pain because of stretching, you can also cry out. If you’re thirsty or hungry, you can tell me that too. I will prepare everything for you.” 
Mia’s eyes lit up. “Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
Mia hesitated for a while. Then, she hung her head and asked somewhat embarrassedly, “Then… can you bake me a cake?” 
Bake her a cake? 
Tanya found the request rather odd but nevertheless agreed. “You must be hungry after practicing for so long. Alright, let’s go downstairs.”
Tanya used to be really bad at housework, but when she went abroad and lived by herself, she had to cook for herself, so her culinary skills had improved over the years. 
Baking a cake was no problem for her. 
Sometime later, she walked out of the kitchen with a simple cupcake in her hands. She was a little embarrassed as she said, “I can only bake simple stuff like this, Mia. You don’t mind, right?” 
Mia immediately shook her head. “Of course not, Ms. Turner!” 
Tanya smiled and said, “You can dig in now.” 
Mia picked up the fork. She was about to eat when she suddenly said, “I’ll give you half, Ms. Turner.” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
A smiling Tanya went back to the kitchen and then came out with another cupcake. “I made a few. Come on, let’s eat!” 
Mia stared at the cupcake. Suddenly, she clasped her hands together, closed her eyes, and seemingly thought about something. Only then did she start to eat the cupcake. 
Tanya looked at her, feeling rather amused. The girl actually had the sense to say a prayer before eating. 
The two of them dug into their respective cupcakes with gusto. 
When Tanya saw the little girl’s cheeks all puffed up from eating, she felt a sense of accomplishment come over her, especially when Mia finished more than one cupcake from the batch she had baked. 
She ate so much that even her belly had swelled up.
After they were done eating, she went to the kitchen to do the dishes. Then, she told Mia, “You can come here for dance practice every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the future. You can go and play the rest of the time. You’re still young, so you shouldn’t restrain yourself.” 
Mia pursed her lips and smiled at her as she nodded. “Okay, Ms. Turner.” 
All of a sudden, the doorbell rang. 
Tanya knew that it must be Joel here to pick Mia up. 
She looked at the clock in surprise—sure enough, it was already seven. She hadn’t expected time to pass so fast. Somewhat reluctantly, she helped Mia carry her schoolbag and then walked over to the door. 
Sure enough, Joel was standing outside when she opened the door. 
Tanya didn’t look at him. Instead, she waved at Mia and said, “See you in school tomorrow, Mia~” 
“Okie-Dokie. See you tomorrow, Ms. Turner~” 
Mia took Joel’s hand after she spoke. Just as she was about to leave, she suddenly looked back at Tanya and said, “Thank you for the birthday cake today, Ms. Turner. It was really yummy!” 
Birthday cake? 
Tanya was taken aback. Then, she heard Joel say, “It’s Mia’s birthday today.” 
Birthday… 
Tanya felt like a bomb had suddenly gone off in her head..
###Chapter 391: Courage
Chapter 391: Courage 
It was Mia’s birthday. No wonder she had asked Tanya to bake her a cake, and even said a prayer before eating it. 
Oh, right. 
He had slept with Hillary right after he slept with her back then, hadn’t he? 
It was all too normal that their children’s birthdays would be so close to each other’s. 
She bit her lip. 
It had also been her child’s birthday five days ago! 
She didn’t even know where her child might be wandering lost in the world, yet here she was, celebrating Mia’s birthday? 
Indescribable pain and misery made Tanya’s expression instantly change. 
She stared at Mia blankly. 
Mia was terribly nervous. The puzzled girl looked at Tanya and asked, “W-what’s wrong, Ms. Turner? Are you upset?” 
She pushed Joel and said, “Daddy, hurry up and kiss Ms. Turner! She’ll cheer up if you do that!” 
Joel: “…” 
Tanya: “…”
Joel didn’t know the reason for Tanya’s sudden change in behavior, but he knew that she likely held a grudge against Mia’s existence all this time. 
He lowered his head and slowly said, “I’m sorry.” 
He was sorry. 
Five years ago, he had felt even more apologetic toward her. 
If he hadn’t gotten himself drunk, become muddleheaded, and ended up sleeping with Hillary, how would he have gotten her pregnant and ended up letting her give birth to Mia? 
No, to be honest, he hadn’t even known that she was pregnant. 
Hillary understood him very well. She knew that he would definitely make her abort the child if he were to know, so she had secretly gone into hiding. 
It wasn’t until ten months later that she had finally returned with Mia. 
He had done a DNA test when he saw the child—she was indeed his daughter. As such, he could only acknowledge her. That was probably the one and only time he had acted so spinelessly. 
His heart had softened when he saw the child. 
It was as if the child had a lot of affinity with him. 
When Tanya heard his apology, her shame and anger made her eyes redden. She was about to yell at him when Mia suddenly held her hand and said, “I’ll kiss you if Daddy won’t, Ms. Turner. Don’t be mad anymore, okay?” 
Tanya lowered her head. When her eyes met Mia’s timid eyes that looked as if she was trying to please her, her fury instantly extinguished.
Indeed. 
She had only lost her child because she hadn’t kept an eye on it. What did it have to do with Joel or Mia? 
In fact, Joel didn’t even know that she had given birth to his child! 
Tanya lowered her head and stared at Mia. 
She was just a pitiful little girl. 
Tanya suddenly said, “Wait a minute.” 
She turned and went upstairs. 
In addition to her own bedroom, she had also prepared another two children’s rooms on the upper floor. One was a boy’s room and the other a girl’s. 
This was because she didn’t know whether her missing child was a boy or a girl. 
Regardless, she would always prepare clothes for her son or daughter every year. The clothes currently in the closets were for five-year-olds, and on the bed in the girl’s room was also a gift box. 
It was the birthday gift she had bought five days ago for her child. 
There was also one in the boy’s room. 
She picked up the gift box. Inside was an exquisite Barbie doll wearing a pink dress. Next to it were all kinds of doll clothing that one could dress up the doll with. 
She touched the bedsheets and murmured silently, “I don’t know where you are, my child, but I believe you’ll be willing to make another child like yourself happy, right?” 
She took the gift box and went downstairs. 
Before she reached the door, she saw Mia nervously asking Joel, “Daddy, why did Ms. Turner suddenly get mad? Is it because it’s Mia’s birthday? Daddy, I won’t celebrate my birthday anymore, okay? I like Ms. Turner, I don’t want to make her mad…” 
Joel stroked her hair. His voice was soft and gentle as he said, “It’s not your fault. Daddy’s the one who made Ms. Turner angry.” 
Mia then said seriously, “Daddy, you should apologize to Ms. Turner if you made her mad. Are you too embarrassed to say sorry, Daddy?” 
Joel: “…” 
He sighed. “I’ve already told her I’m sorry, but she won’t accept my apology.” 
“Then say it a few more times!” 
A child’s world was very simple. For Mia, if her father had done something wrong, then he should apologize until Ms. Turner forgave him. 
Joel sighed. “Okay.” 
When Mia wanted to say something again, she suddenly spotted Tanya, who had just returned. Her eyes lit up and she immediately called out, “Ms. Turner!” 
Tanya handed her the gift box with the Barbie and said, “Happy birthday.” 
Mia’s eyes instantly became even brighter. “Thank you, Ms. Turner!” 
The little girl stretched out her hands and took the Barbie doll from her.
The Barbie was half her height, so it was very heavy for the small and thin girl. 
Joel reached out to carry it for her. 
However, Mia ducked and said, “I can do it, Daddy!” 
This was a gift from Ms. Turner. She liked it very much. 
Joel nodded. Then, he looked at Tanya. He was about to speak when Tanya sneered, “You must be very busy with work, right, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel was overjoyed when he heard what she said. He thought that Tanya was showing him concern, so he nodded and replied, “It’s alright.” 
“Hah.” Tanya gave him a mocking smile and said, “Since it’s alright, then shouldn’t you learn how to be a qualified father, Mr. Smith?” 
Joel was taken aback. 
Tanya knew that there were some things she shouldn’t say in front of Mia, so she merely gave him a subtle reminder. Then, she said, “Bye, Mia.” 
Mia replied softly, “Bye, Ms. Turner.” 
When Joel took Mia into the car, he received a call from Hillary. When he answered, the woman said, “Joel, it’s Mia’s birthday today. Can you let me see her? I miss her. I think Mia would also want her family to be together.” 
Joel’s expression turned cold. He was about to say something when Hillary spoke again. She said, “I’m Mia’s mother, after all, Joel. I really miss her. I should think that she misses me, too! You can’t stop us
from meeting when we’re mother and daughter. Mia will resent you for it in the future if you do that. 
“I know you hate me, but my love for Mia is true. I am the one who has been taking care of Mia ever since she was born. You should know how dependent she is on me. Joel, all I want is really just to see my daughter. I don’t have any other intentions… Please?” 
Joel looked at Mia. 
He suddenly asked, “Do you want to meet your mother, Mia?” 
Mia’s eyes immediately flickered when she heard him. 
Her mom had told her before that she had to reply that she wanted to meet her if Daddy ever asked. Otherwise, her mom would hate her very much. 
But she thought of how Ms. Turner had told her not to keep things to herself, and to voice her thoughts if she had any. She had said that she could cry out if she was in pain, or cry if she wanted to… 
When she thought of what Ms. Turner had told her, the little Mia seemed to have suddenly found her courage..
###Chapter 392: Exposed!
Chapter 392: Exposed! 
Just as Mia was about to say something, Hillary’s voice rang out through the phone. “Do you miss Mommy, Mia?” 
The little Mia trembled a little when she heard Hillary’s voice. In the end, she nodded and replied weakly, “Yes.” 
“Did you hear that, Joel?” 
Hillary tried her best to convince him, “Mia wants to see me!” 
Joel heaved a huge sigh. 
He didn’t want to let Mia and Hillary come into contact anymore, but if Mia wanted to see her mother, he couldn’t stop her. 
Therefore, Hillary immediately knew that Joel must have relented when she heard him sigh. She asked tentatively, “Can I go back to the Smiths’ tonight? I heard that you’ve just found your younger sister, so I can also take the chance to pay her a visit.” 
Joel had a very cold look in his eyes. “You’re never returning to the Smiths. If you want to meet Mia, then I will bring her to you.” 
Hillary was a little taken aback. “Alright, then.” 
After hanging up, Joel took Mia to the residential complex where Hillary lived. However, he stayed at the door and refrained from entering.
After informing Hillary that he had arrived, she came out and invited Joel and Mia into the villa. She said, “Grandma misses you, Mia. Let’s go in?” 
Mia didn’t like that grandmother of hers, either. 
She always pointed at her and scolded her for being a girl, and kept saying that if she were a boy, her parents would already have gotten together long ago. 
She grabbed Joel’s sleeve. 
Joel said, “Let’s just stay here.” 
Seeing that he wasn’t giving in, Hillary could only sigh and say, “Okay. Mia, this is Mommy’s birthday gift for you. Do you like it?” 
Hillary had prepared a toy car for Mia. 
Mia looked at the toy car and took it. 
Joel wanted to take her away, but Hillary suddenly said, “Let’s take a family picture, Joel! It’s been really long since we were last together.” 
Joel sneered, “We’re not a family. You’re just Mia’s mother.” 
Hillary bit her lip. “Alright, I won’t make things difficult for you, even if you won’t acknowledge me. But I’m ultimately still Mia’s mother, so can I take a picture with her?” 
Joel was about to refuse when Hillary said, “I’ve already put up with how you refuse to let me see my daughter. Are you going to deny me this, too? All I can do now is spend my days looking at photos of my daughter.” 
Joel fell silent but didn’t reject her request anymore.
Hillary squatted down and hugged Mia. She picked up her phone and said, “Mia, look at the camera~” 
Then, she snapped a photo. 
After the photo was taken, Mia returned to Joel. Joel took his daughter and left straightaway. 
After leaving Hillary, the little Mia subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief and relaxed. 
The two went to a restaurant and had dinner. 
Neither of them noticed that Hillary had been following them since they left the residential complex. When they entered the restaurant, she finally took a photo. 
— 
Tanya sat in the living room after seeing the two of them off. 
She felt terribly troubled. 
Mia really was very lovable. She liked her very much. Not only had she inherited her talent in dancing, but the two had even hit it off the moment they met. She had liked Mia from the bottom of her heart from the moment she met her. 
Where had they gone to celebrate Mia’s birthday after they left? 
She was wondering about that when her cell phone suddenly beeped, indicating that she had received a message. 
It was a photo of two hands, one big and one small, clasped together. 
It was from Joel. 
Tanya was taken aback. After thinking for a while, she replied with a question mark: ‘?’
Joel then sent a text message: “I’m celebrating Mia’s birthday with her. The cake is too big for the two of us, so we can’t finish it. Would you like to come and have some?” 
The two of them were celebrating Mia’s birthday? 
Tanya knew that Mia’s mother, Hillary, had been driven out of the Smiths. But had they not gone to Hillary even on a day like this? 
For some reason, Tanya actually found herself overjoyed. 
But right after that, she couldn’t help but be disgusted with herself. 
What was the matter with her? 
Was she really thinking of going back to him? 
There was no longer anything between her and Joel!! 
With that in mind, she replied: ‘No.’ 
The man then sent her an audio message, which surprised Tanya. She was actually very afraid of hearing Joel’s voice right now. 
But when she played the message after long hesitation, it was instead Mia’s voice. She said, “The cake is really delicious, Ms. Turner. I’ll save a piece for you and put it in the fridge later. Shall I bring it to school tomorrow so that you can eat it?” 
Mia’s voice was very soft and pleasant to the ear. 
Tanya couldn’t bear to refuse, so she replied: “Okay.”
Even her mood couldn’t help but become better, as though her heart had been coated in honey before she even ate the cake. 
Then, she couldn’t help but open her Facebook account. 
But when she did, she saw that Hillary had posted something. 
They were a couple of photos. 
One was of her and Mia in a residential complex with a man standing behind them. Although only his trousers could be seen in the photo, it was obvious at a glance that he was Joel. 
The other was taken in a restaurant. Joel and Mia were seated nearby while she took a selfie. 
Tanya’s heart sank abruptly, and an acerbic feeling welled up inside her at once! 
She clenched her fists and suddenly let out a cold laugh. 
Indeed. 
Here she was, treating Mia like her own daughter, but in truth, she had a mother! 
Also, what exactly was Joel trying to do? 
He was sending her vague and ambiguous messages while also showing off how happy and blissful a family of three he, Hillary, and Mia were? Was there any point in doing that?! 
Tanya was so mad that she stopped looking at it altogether and threw the phone aside! 
— 
The next day.
As a dance teacher, Tanya would also pick up students at the entrance. 
Mia and Pete got out of the car together and greeted the teachers. Joel was holding a food container with the cake from the night before. He handed it to Tanya and said, “Ms. Turner, this is from Mia.” 
Tanya cast her eyes down and said coldly and distantly, “No, thanks, Mr. Smith. I’m not fond of sweets.” 
Then, she led Mia and Pete straight into the school. 
Joel: “?” 
Things had clearly not been this awkward between them the previous evening. What was the matter with her today? 
Tanya went back to the entrance after taking Mia and Pete to the classroom, planning to pick up the rest of the children. However, when she arrived at the door, she saw that Joel was still there. 
She walked over with a cold look on her face. 
Joel asked, “What’s the matter? Are you in a bad mood today? Is it the time of the month?” 
The time of the month? 
Tanya flushed with embarrassment. She immediately replied coldly, “I don’t think it’s suitable for us to talk about such an intimate topic, Mr. Smith!” 
Joel was taken aback. “Okay, I take back my words. But can you tell me why you’re upset?” 
Tanya had always been a straightforward person. She didn’t like keeping things to herself. Thus, she lifted her head and looked straight at Joel. She took out her cell phone, opened up Hillary’s Facebook
post, and pushed the phone right into his face. She sneered, “Why I’m upset? What exactly are you trying to do, Mr. Smith? You were clearly enjoying your precious family time last night, yet you still sent me such ambiguous messages while you’re having fun with your family? Can you be a little more responsible toward Mia? Also, what are you trying to do by treating me like this? Are you planning to practice polygamy? Have your cake and eat it too? Even if that’s what you want, have you asked me if I agree to it?” 
As Tanya’s words became more and more unpleasant, Joel’s expression also turned more and more awful. 
He looked at Tanya’s phone. When he saw the photos that Hillary had posted, he was stunned..
###Chapter 393: Nora Is Big Sister
Chapter 393: Nora Is Big Sister 
Joel’s expression suddenly turned extremely awful. He said anxiously, “Tanya, I can explain.” 
“Keep that for your daughter instead, Mr. Smith. Our relationship is not at the point where you need to explain anything to me! Goodbye!” 
Tanya turned and went back into the school angrily. 
Fury and panic arose in Joel as he looked at her from behind. 
He turned and got into his car. 
“To the company, Mr. Smith?” The chauffeur asked. 
Joel was practically gnashing his teeth in fury as he said, “To Hillary’s!” 
He took out his cell phone and looked at his own Facebook timeline. However, he didn’t see Hillary’s post. This meant that the post had been hidden from him! 
He stretched out his hand to the chauffeur and said, “Give me your cell phone.” 
His chauffeur also had Hillary as a friend on Facebook. 
He took a look after the chauffeur handed him his phone. Sure enough, he found the post. 
Hillary practically couldn’t get any sneakier! 
The two arrived at Hillary’s residence. When Hillary heard that Joel was there to look for her, she happily went downstairs. However, the moment she went down, she instead saw a furious Joel.
Hillary asked timidly, “Joel, what’s the matter?” 
“Can you explain this Facebook post of yours to me?!” 
Joel pushed the chauffeur’s phone right into her face! 
Hillary froze when she saw the post. 
She bit her lip, forced a smile, and replied, “Isn’t that just an ordinary Facebook post, Joel? What’s wrong?” 
Joel demanded furiously, “You followed us to the restaurant?” 
Hillary lowered her gaze. “I… I just missed Mia so much, so I followed the two of you. Let me explain, Joel… I didn’t mean anything else with the post. I just didn’t want other people to know that I couldn’t even celebrate my daughter’s birthday with her… They will look down on me if they ever find out…” 
Those words of hers couldn’t get any more pretentious. 
Even the chauffeur felt that it was understandable why she would do that. 
Unfortunately, it was Joel whom she was up against. 
Joel didn’t accept her nonsense at all. He stepped forward and grabbed her chin. “So, you want to have cake with your daughter on her birthday?” 
Hillary nodded. “Yes.” 
“Okay.” 
He picked up the container with the cake that Tanya had rejected. He opened it, took the cake out, and smashed it onto Hillary’s face. He said coldly, “Have a good taste of it, then!”
Hillary: “!!” 
She took a step back and wiped the cake off her face with her hands. She lifted her head and looked at Joel incredulously. “Joel, you—” 
She couldn’t bring herself to say the rest of what she wanted to say, though, because the look in Joel’s eyes was simply too terrifying. 
The way he looked as if he wanted to kill her made her unable to utter a single word. 
Joel’s icy-cold voice rang out. “Don’t you dare play any tricks from now on, or else!” 
Hillary wanted to speak, but he added, “You should thank your lucky stars that you’re Mia’s mother. Otherwise, you’d have been dead a long time ago.” 
His words stunned Hillary. 
— 
As they had made plans to go to the amusement park the next day, Nora woke up a little late. She stretched and went downstairs. 
In the afternoon, Nora gave Lily the leftover drink that she had taken from Victor at the arena the day before and told her to go to a laboratory and check if there were any unidentified chemicals in it. Nora also instructed her to personally do the test herself. 
Ever since Lily returned to the States to help her, she had been terribly busy. She left immediately after picking up the leftover drink and receiving Nora’s instructions. 
Nora, however, went back to sleep after that.
What was she to do? The amusement park date would take up the whole day, which was to say that she would have to get up early in the morning the next day. Thus, she had to make up for the next day’s worth of sleep in advance. 
By the time she woke up again, it was already dark outside. 
She got up, got dressed, and went downstairs to the car park. She was about to go to the car when Quentin appeared behind her and said, “Why don’t you come with me in my car today, Nora?” 
Nora: “?” 
She glanced at him. 
Quentin said, “If you go in with me, I can show you how intimidating I am in the arena. You’ll get special privileges that way.” 
Nora had always enjoyed special privileges from the very moment she was No. 028. She didn’t have any idea what it was like for ordinary people. 
However, since Quentin was inviting her to go along with him so enthusiastically, Nora thought for a while and simply replied, “Alright, then.” 
This way, she wouldn’t need to drive, either. 
She could even nap a little while on the way there. 
She carried a bag in her hand. Inside was the red dress and silver mask she usually wore. 
However, it was only after she got in the car that she realized that catching up on sleep in the car was too indulgent an idea—because Quentin couldn’t stop talking while they were on the road.
“Why don’t I introduce you to Big Sister later? Do you also admire Big Sister a lot? I can even ask her to give you an autograph.” 
Nora: “?” 
She said lazily, “Can you even get one for yourself?” 
“Of course. I’ve participated in several matches with her by now, so she’ll definitely show me that bit of courtesy. Besides, Big Sister thinks exceptionally highly of me. Oh, she has even acknowledged me as her younger brother!” 
Nora: “?” 
When had she ever acknowledged him as a younger brother? 
While she was hesitating, Quentin spoke again. “Are you jealous? To be honest, what she values in me is my capability. You know I’m ranked third in New York’s martial arts circle, right? Apart from Big Sister and Big Brother, I’m the strongest here!” 
“…” 
“Do you want to take a photo with Big Sister later? If so, you can leave that to me, too!” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “It’s fine.” 
“Are you embarrassed? There’s nothing embarrassing about chasing after idols. Also, Big Sister is actually not that perfect.” 
Nora: “?” 
Was he starting to speak ill of her?
While she was thinking about it, Quentin said, “She doesn’t really have a good eye for people. Her husband is not that great. He looks just like a useless pretty boy.” 
Nora: “…” 
“But no one is perfect, after all. Given Big Sister’s status, it’s understandable even if looks are the only thing she considers when choosing a husband. It’s not that bad having a gigolo, either.” 
“…” 
“I intend to persuade Big Sister to give him up, though.” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed as she said, “That’s impossible.” 
“Why not? My words hold a lot of weight with Big Sister. If I tell her to break up with him, she’ll definitely consider it. After all, we’re big shots in the martial arts circle…” 
Quentin kept chatting all the way till they arrived at the arena. 
Quentin was about to get out of the car when he noticed that Nora hadn’t moved. The confused man asked, “Aren’t you getting out of the car?” 
“Oh, I have to change.” 
Quentin was about to tease her for being vain and changing when there wasn’t a need for her to, when Nora took out a red dress and a familiar-looking silver mask from her bag. 
Quentin: “…”
###Chapter 394: Exposing Her Own Identity
Chapter 394: Exposing Her Own Identity 
A dumbfounded Quentin stared at her incredulously. He swallowed and said, “N-Nora, don’t… don’t joke around anymore.” 
Nora glanced at him. “Get out.” 
Quentin got out of the car obediently. He didn’t dare look into the car, even though the car windows were tinted—so one would only be able to look out from the inside, but not the other way. 
A minute later, the car door opened and Nora got out wearing the red dress. Then, she put on the mask. 
The person in front of him seemed to have suddenly changed. 
From his little hillbilly cousin, she turned into the mysterious martial arts expert, Big Sister. 
Quentin: “…” 
He felt that he must have opened his eyes the wrong way when he woke up in the morning! 
How could this be?! 
He had been following the woman ever since Joel started having doubts about Nora’s identity. Despite how so much time had already gone by, how come he hadn’t realized that she was actually Big Sister?! 
While he was in a daze, Nora asked, “So, you’re my younger brother?” 
Quentin: “!!!”
He suddenly thought of how he had bragged and claimed just now that Big Sister had acknowledged him as her younger brother. After all, Big Sister had a mask on all the time, and her daughter was already five. Thus, he had subconsciously assumed that Big Sister must be older than him. Never would he have expected Big Sister to suddenly turn into his little cousin! 
How he wished he could dig a hole and bury himself in it! 
He tried his best to sift through his memories—he hadn’t said anything else, right? 
He suddenly thought of what he had said when he first met her. That time, he had said very proudly, “Heh, even though you’re proof of the shame that Uncle Ian had suffered, you can rest assured that I will still protect you. I won’t let any of the Smiths die an untimely death.” 
It was then followed by: 
“Can you stop running about all over the place? Without me, the world’s third-best fighter, protecting you, you’ll die before you even know it!” 
“Are you also taking part in the martial arts tournament? Do you want to meet Big Sister? I’m on really good terms with her!” 
“Do you want to take a photo with Big Sister?” 
“…” 
Quentin felt like his cheeks had flushed even redder. 
He suddenly asked, “There are three different types of death. Do you know what they are?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What are they?” 
“The first is clinical death, that is to say, the body dies.
“The second is psychological death, where someone loses all hope and doesn’t wish to live anymore. 
“The third is social death.” 
Quentin looked at her and said, “Nora, you’ve just made me experience the third type of death.” 
“…” 
Nora laughed and passed by him. “Let’s go in.” 
“I don’t want to go in.” Quentin said expressionlessly, “I wanna die.” 
Nora didn’t pay any more attention to him. Instead, she started walking toward the arena. Two steps later, she heard footsteps behind her. Quentin’s voice then reached her. “Why are you hiding your identity, Nora? Isn’t the identity of Big Sister really cool?!” 
Nora replied, “It’s bothersome.” 
Bothersome? 
Quentin thought for a moment. “Are you worried that others will bother you once they know who you are? Well, that’s true. After all, Big Sister is a well-known figure… Don’t worry, Nora, I can keep secrets really well. I will never tell anyone about it!” 
“Oh.” 
Nora had always adhered to her mother’s last words telling her not to expose her identity and to live in mediocrity. This was why she hadn’t exposed her identity all this time. 
However, Quentin was simply too annoying.
Moreover, now that he was aware that she had come to the arena, given his tracking abilities, it was simply too much trouble to throw him off her trail. Thus, she had decided to reveal her identity. 
Besides, even though Quentin had eighth-grader syndrome, he was the leader of the Smiths’ secret forces. He wasn’t stupid. 
Nora followed Quentin into the arena. 
As soon as they entered, Quentin suddenly said, “Big Sister, I’ve suddenly discovered a problem!” 
Nora: “?” 
Quentin said, “I didn’t expect you to actually have a pretty boy outside behind Justin’s back! No. 820 must be Cherry’s biological father, right?” 
Nora: “” 
She hadn’t thought of that. 
She wasn’t sure whether she could reveal Justin’s identity, so she simply uttered a sound of acknowledgment and admitted to it. 
In the end, Quentin looked at her with bright and shiny eyes and said, “You’re so awesome! 
“You actually dare to cuckold even Justin!” 
Nora: “…” 
Forget it, he could just think of it however he wanted to.
They had five matches that night, so time was rather tight for them. Nora looked around and asked, “He isn’t here yet?” 
Quentin also looked around. 
While the two of them were looking around, a man’s low and deep voice suddenly rang out. “Are you guys Team Third In The World?” 
The two of them looked over in unison to see a man wearing a mask with an eagle’s design walking toward them. He was big and tall and was dressed in a black suit. When he walked, it was as though he had an aura of justice around him. 
Additionally, he had deliberately lowered his voice, so no one could tell what his actual voice really sounded like. 
Nora didn’t say anything. Instead, she glanced at Quentin. 
Only then did something click in Quentin’s head. He answered, “Yes, that’s right. You are?” 
“No. 007.” 
As soon as he gave them his alias, Quentin instantly realized something. He asked, “You’re the first runner-up of the previous tournament?” 
The other party kept quiet for a moment before he replied, “Yeah, you can say that.” 
Quentin took the opportunity to give Nora an explanation. He said, “B… Sis, No. 007 is an amazing martial arts master who came out of nowhere in the last tournament. He advanced all the way to Class F that time. Both he and Big Brother were very impressive, and he even became one of the favorites for the title of champion. It was just a shame that he didn’t turn up for the finals, so the title of champion went to Big Brother while No.007 became the first runner-up.”
After explaining, Quentin looked at No.007 and asked, “Why didn’t you turn up for the finals?” 
No. 007’s gaze swept across the two of them. “I had to take a mission at the last minute.” 
Quentin and Nora sensitively caught a hint of something from his use of the word ‘mission’. 
Quentin then said, “Oh, what a shame. Is this your first time here this year, though?” 
With the exception of Big Brother in Class F, all the other martial arts experts from the previous tournament had been downgraded to Class E this year. Thus, if they wanted to advance in rank, they would also have to defeat fellow Class E contestants. 
The fact that an expert like No. 007 hadn’t caused any noise this year was indicative of something—this was his first time here. 
Sure enough, No. 007 nodded and replied, “Yeah, I also had something on previously. It seems like there’s a surge in martial arts experts this year, though.” 
He glanced at the Benevolence Hall disciples seated in the VIP dining area. They were in a class of their own and seemed out of place among the people around them. 
Quentin didn’t say anything. No. 007, however, looked at Nora and asked, “What do you think?” 
Nora: “” 
Quentin was undoubtedly very strong in Team Third In The World, and she had been very low-profile all this while. Why was he suddenly directing his attention to her? 
She raised her eyebrows and nodded. “It seems that way, yes.”
After she spoke, her cell phone in her pocket suddenly vibrated. Nora nodded to Quentin and No. 007, walked to the side, and took it out. She opened it and saw a text message from Lily: ‘The test results are out..’
###Chapter 395: The Strange Guy
Chapter 395: The Strange Guy 
Lily was referring to the chemical composition test for the solution that Victor and the others were drinking. 
Nora sent a reply: ‘The results?’ 
Lily responded very quickly: “It’s just an ordinary sports drink. The only thing different about it from normal sports drinks is the fact that it’s more concentrated. Even martial arts practitioners wouldn’t need that many nutrients, no matter how much energy they use up, let alone the average person.” 
The results didn’t disappoint Nora. 
If Victor and the others had indeed only become this strong because they had taken some kind of drug, then said drug was undoubtedly a prohibited substance. On top of that, they were also acting very mysteriously about it. It was impossible for them to consume it at the arena itself. 
But a highly-concentrated sports drink… 
When she was thinking about it, elsewhere, No. 007 was looking around. Quentin asked, “Are you looking for Big Brother?” 
There hadn’t been a winner between the two during the last tournament. 
He would definitely be out for revenge this year, right? 
Unexpectedly, No. 007 instead said, “I came late this year. Which of the contestants here is Big Sister?” 
Nora abruptly raised her head and looked at him when she heard the words ‘Big Sister’.
Quentin subconsciously glanced at Nora before he replied, “Oh, Big Sister is resting in her lounge. You can look for her there if you need anything. She’s the very big and muscular woman in there.” 
Nora: “…” 
No. 007 was a little taken aback. “She’s very big and muscular? That’s impossible.” 
Quentin: “?” 
No. 007 went on. “Big Sister does regular martial arts training, so it’s impossible that she would be really big. All strong martial artists need physiques that move smoothly. I heard that there are people here who impersonate Big Sister to make money and stuff like that.” 
No. 007 then looked at Nora. “Big Sister’s figure should be like No. 028’s instead.” 
Nora: “…” 
She took a long look at No. 007, thinking that it was likely that he might have already noticed something. However, he didn’t press the issue, so Nora didn’t say anything. 
She still needed to keep her identity a secret. 
Quentin lifted his chin and became very proud. “You have good foresight!” 
No. 007 chuckled. Then, he pointed to the dining area next to them and suggested, “Let’s sit down and have a bite? I think it’s your match soon.” 
Before Nora could say anything, another low and deep voice reached them. “No, it’s fine.” 
The few of them looked over and saw Justin walking over with Cherry in his arms.
Cherry was still wearing her half-mask and was holding a lollipop. Her big eyes blinked as she looked at them. 
Justin walked over, stopped in front of Nora, and faced No. 007. “Thanks.” 
Then, he took out a chocolate bar and handed it to Nora. “This will replenish your energy quickly if you’re hungry.” 
Nora: “…” 
Next to them, Quentin’s lip corners spasmed. 
Before this, he had felt that the pretty boy wasn’t worthy of Big Sister, but now that he knew that his cousin was Big Sister, his requirements for his cousin-in-law had immediately become even higher. 
He tapped Justin’s shoulder. 
Justin looked at him. 
Quentin sneered, “Aren’t you being a little too jealous? I can sense it even from a long distance.” 
“…” 
Justin didn’t say anything. Quentin lowered his voice and said, “Kid, you’re pretty bold, huh!” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “Oh?” 
Quentin glanced at Nora. “Do you know her true identity?” 
“Yes.” 
Quentin clicked his tongue a couple of times and said, “You’re pretty bold to have the guts to cuckold Justin Hunt. You gotta protect your personal information, though, get it? Otherwise, even my cousin won’t be able to protect you! There are only two people in New York whom no one must ever mess with—one of them is Joel Smith, my cousin, and the other is Justin Hunt!” 
Justin: “…” 
Him cuckolding himself… Yep, if it wasn’t because he was his cousin-in-law, he really felt like punching Quentin. But now… well, this was quite alright, too. 
The next five matches they played sent them straight into Class E. 
The five matches were no sweat for the three of them. After all, with Big Sister and Big Brother, as well as the third-best fighter in the world, they completely crushed everyone else. 
While they were crushing their opponents here, Victor’s team also won two matches and gave their opponents crushing defeats. 
After finishing the five matches in succession, Nora yawned and stepped out of the ring. 
As soon as they got out, Quentin said, “B… Sis, No. 007 has been staring at you.” 
Nora: “” 
She followed his gaze and looked over. Sure enough, Nora found No. 007 sitting at the bottom of the ring. However, he was staring straight at her and making no secret about it. There was admiration—as well as scrutiny—in his eyes. 
Nora raised her brows. 
Quentin then went to Justin. “It’s a love rival, bro!”
Justin was speechless when he saw how eager Quentin was to throw the world into chaos. 
No. 007 got up and walked straight toward them after the match. 
However, before he could even come close, Nora and Justin had turned around very naturally and walked to the door. They didn’t give him any chance to get close to them. 
This took No. 007 by surprise. He smiled wryly, stopped in his tracks, and took the hint. He didn’t chase after them anymore. 
But just as the two of them were about to leave the arena, Victor and the other two men in his team suddenly rushed over. They moved very quickly. When they were passing by, Victor suddenly whispered, “You’re the real Big Sister, aren’t you?” 
Nora was taken aback. Then, she narrowed her eyes and looked at him. Her lips curled into a smile, but she didn’t admit to it. “I don’t know what you’re trying to say.” 
However, Victor was sure of her identity. He sneered, “I can accept losing to you, then. But it won’t be the same next time!” 
The few of them then left. 
Nora ignored him. While she and Justin continued walking toward the exit, another man wearing a white feathered mask entered. 
He looked rather unique, and coughed a few times with every two steps he took. He looked ill. 
In addition, he coughed very hard. It sounded as though he was about to cough up his lungs. 
A man was supporting him at the side.
Someone whispered, “He came to the arena even when he’s so sick and so weak? He must be here just to join in the fun and watch the show, right?” 
Unexpectedly, the man walked up to the registration counter. As he coughed, a rich and mellow voice rang out. “Sorry, I have already signed up, but I only just came to participate in the tournament today. I wonder if my eligibility still stands?” 
The staff member replied, “This is a little difficult. It’s already been so long…” 
During the exchange, the black-clad bodyguard supporting the man handed the guy a check. 
The guy accepted the check in a very practiced manner, and immediately changed his tone without any principles whatsoever. “Of course, it still stands… What’s your registration number?” 
“…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
The martial arts association must be as poor as church mice now, right? They really took all the money they could get. 
After bidding farewell to Justin in the car park, Nora took Quentin’s car back home. 
On the way, Quentin suddenly said, “Nora, someone’s following us..”
###Chapter 397: Pete’s Speculation
Chapter 397: Pete’s Speculation 
Nora would never allow such a thing to happen! 
Quentin’s eyes were red and swollen as he shouted, “Uncle Ian, take care of your daughter yourself! Live and get up. Otherwise, I’ll beat her up every day…” 
Joel, who had always been a steady person, could not help but say, “Uncle Ian, aren’t you afraid that I will be selfish in the future and take over the Smiths without giving Nora anything? Also, Nora is going to marry Justin. Aren’t you afraid that she will be bullied if she marries over? She’s without her father and even comes from the countryside. Now, the Hunts look down on her! She needs your support!” 
Ian muttered in a weak voice with his eyes closed, “Joel, Quentin, you won’t…” 
“I will! I really will! Uncle Ian, wake up. You can’t die!” 
“Uncle Ian! Get up…” 
Joel and Quentin shouted as their tears fell like rain. 
The person lying on the bed had been exceptionally powerful since they were young. But now, he was weak and had been sick most of the year, he was very dispirited and would not wake up. It was as if nothing gave him hope for life. 
However, the two of them would never forget that when their parents had abandoned them, it was Uncle Ian who came forward to raise them, calling them good children! 
Especially Joel…
If not for Uncle Ian, he would have been chased out of the Smiths when he was three years old. He would have become like a stray dog and starved to death on the streets! 
It was Uncle Ian… Not only had he given him the honor of being a man of the Smiths, but he had also let him take over the Smiths. 
Everything Joel had now was given to him by Uncle Ian. 
Joel held Uncle Ian’s hand tightly. “Uncle Ian…” 
Just as the two of them were thinking of ways to make him stay, a cold voice suddenly sounded. “Can I speak to him alone?” 
Joel and Quentin looked at the person in a daze. It was Nora. 
She stood at the side. Perhaps it was because they had not known each other since they were young, but her current expression was a little cold and distant. 
The stunned expression in her eyes had disappeared as she stared at the man on the bed. 
Even though her voice was emotionless and she appeared too calm, Joel and Quentin looked at each other. The two of them stood up and walked out together. 
Before leaving, Joel took one last look inside. 
He watched as the girl suddenly walked to the bed and said, “You’re very good to them.” 
Ian smiled bitterly. “I didn’t do my part as a father.” 
Nora suddenly said, “Now, you have a chance to fulfill your responsibilities.”
After saying this, she suddenly lowered her head and whispered into Ian’s ear. Ian’s eyes widened suddenly. 
When Joel closed the door, he heard Ian’s last sentence. His voice trembled as he asked, “Are… are you serious?” 
Two minutes later. 
The door to the operating room was opened. Nora pushed Ian’s bed out of the operating room. 
Ian was lying there with his eyes closed. 
Joel’s heart sank. He exchanged glances with Quentin and the two of them looked at Nora. Quentin even swallowed his saliva and asked, “Uncle Ian, he…” 
“He’s not dead.” 
Nora’s words sounded very calm, making Joel and Quentin heave a sigh of relief. 
Quentin asked tentatively, “Then he’s…” 
“I gave him two injections and he fell asleep. He needs to rest. In the next few days, don’t disturb him in any case. No matter how powerful this lion is, his body has been hollowed out. His body needs to be raised from the roots.” 
With that, she looked at Joel. “I have a few medicinal recipes here. I’ll write them down for you later.” 
Joel hurriedly nodded. “I’ll arrange for someone to cook for Uncle Ian every day.” 
The three of them walked into the VIP ward together.
After entering the ward, Nora checked Ian’s vital signs. After everything was normal, she said, “He won’t die for the time being.” 
Joel probed, “Then… after the time being…” 
Nora: “If you follow the schedule I’m giving you and are obedient, he can live out his natural life.” 
Joel heaved a sigh of relief. 
Nora took out her phone and opened the memo. Her slender fingers quickly typed something on it for a while. She sent Joel the things to take note of and future treatment plans. 
Joel took a look and realized that it was all basic care. The staff in the hospital could do it. 
Quentin asked curiously, “Aren’t you going to take care of Uncle Ian personally in the future?” 
Nora glanced at him. “I don’t know how to take care of people.” 
Quentin: “…” 
After doing all this, Nora walked out. “I’m going to see Old Maddy.” 
Ever since Old Maddy was rescued, he had been in the hospital for treatment. After all, he had been too severely poisoned. Furthermore, Old Maddy had never recovered from his crazy illness. 
Nora went to Old Maddy’s ward again. When she was about to go home, she saw Quentin. 
She raised her eyebrows and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Quentin coughed. “I’m waiting for you to take you home.” 
“…”
Nora said helplessly, “Alright.” 
After the two of them returned home, Nora went upstairs and saw Pete. She kissed her son’s forehead and was about to take a shower when Pete suddenly said mysteriously, “Mommy, did you know? Uncle Joel came to pick Mia and me up just now. But he then later got the chauffeur to bring us back and went to chase after God-mom Tanya.” 
Nora: “” 
When she went to see Old Maddy, Joel had arranged for the medical staff to pick up Mia and Pete from school. She did not expect him to go after Tanya? 
Why was he looking for Tanya? 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
She smiled and touched Pete’s head. “I understand.” 
Pete blinked and suddenly said, “Mommy, is God-mom Tanya going to be my aunt soon?” 
Nora: “?” 
This little fellow knew quite a lot. She asked, “Do you want her to be your aunt?” 
“Yes!” 
Pete nodded seriously. “God-mom treats Mia well.” 
Nora sensed something. “You mean, Mia’s mommy isn’t good to her?” 
Pete thought for a moment. “No, she isn’t.”
Nora frowned and pulled a chair over casually. She sat in front of Pete with interest. “Come, talk properly.” 
Pete’s expression was stern as he said seriously, “These are all my speculations.” 
Nora had always thought that Mia’s mother treated her well. After all, who would be cruel to their own daughter? It was because Hillary and Joel were on bad terms that the two of them did not get together. 
However, she did not expect Pete’s next words to completely subvert her understanding..
###Chapter 398: I Won’t Let Go This Time
Chapter 398: I Won’t Let Go This Time 
Pete said, “Mommy, if I liked mathematics very much, would you stop me from learning it?” 
Nora: “Of course not.” 
Everyone knew that Cherry liked to play games. In order to make Cherry happy, she had agreed to let her play. She only limited the time spent on playing games. 
Pete nodded. “Mia’s mother knows she likes to dance, but she doesn’t let her learn. Moreover, Mia is very afraid of her mother.” 
Afraid? 
No child should be afraid of their mother, right? 
Nora felt that Pete might have used the wrong word. “Is it because her mommy is very strict?” 
Pete shook his head. “No.” 
He thought for a moment and said, “The tyrant is very strict too, but I know that he does it for my own good. Sometimes, I go on a hunger strike to fight against him because I know he will eventually give in.” 
“But Mia’s fear of her mommy comes from the fact that she’s not sure her mommy would ever give in. 
Nora was stunned. 
Although Pete’s words were messy, she understood them.
Because Justin was his father, even if he was stern every day or even hit Pete, Pete still respected Justin and was not afraid of him. 
But Mia’s mother was like a stranger and a bad person to Mia. Mia didn’t even feel safe with her. 
She frowned. “Did Mia tell you all this?” 
Pete shook his head. “I observed it myself.” 
Nora frowned. 
If what Pete said was true, Nora would really have to reconsider this matter. However, Pete was only five years old. His conclusion could not be trusted so easily. 
Nora said seriously, “Okay, Pete. I understand. I’ll take note of this and observe Mia. If it’s true, I’ll tell your uncle.” 
At the same time, she frowned. 
Was there really a mother in this world who abused her own child? 
— 
In the suburbs. 
Tanya drove in and looked at the shameless man. 
After work, he took the opportunity while she had yet to lock the car to suddenly open the back door and sneak into her car. 
She wanted to scold him back then, but his words made her shut her mouth. “Keep arguing If you want everyone to know about our relationship. If you don’t, then drive.”
Tanya: “…” 
She was speechless and anxious. 
However, as a kindergarten teacher, she did not want to make a scene in school. She gritted her teeth in anger, but she still drove home. On the way, she switched on her mocking mode. “Mr. Smith, may I ask what my relationship with you is?” 
Joel: “I’m your ex-boyfriend.” 
“…” 
“Or rather, it’s because I can’t forget my ex-girlfriend.” 
When Tanya heard this, for some reason, her face turned red. She shook her head and sneered. “Mr. Smith, you have a fiancée and daughter now. You’re harassing me like this, understand?” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “Tanya, you were so angry yesterday. Were you jealous?” 
Jealous? 
Tanya choked on his words. 
However, she immediately realized that from the moment she saw Hillary’s Facebook post, she had indeed started to feel angry and humiliated. 
Previously, she had been deceived by Mia and Joel. 
Even after the two of them had left, she still felt happy for a while. 
It was Hillary’s post that had brought her back to reality. She suddenly realized that Mia was Joel and Hillary’s daughter, not hers! 
Why was she so excited about Mia’s birthday? 
She did not sleep much that night. 
Before she returned, as she thought about her plans after returning to the country, she had told herself not to contact Joel ever again. But why were they involved again? 
She was angry with herself and even more furious with Joel for teasing her. 
He was making her sink deeper into it step by step. 
She did not say anything else along the way until they arrived at the villa. However, after stopping the car, she did not get out. Instead, she said calmly, “Yes, I was jealous.” 
Joel was taken aback. 
Tanya lowered her head. He could not see the girl’s expression, but he could see that her shoulders were trembling slightly. She had never cried much since she was young. 
Why was she crying now? 
As he was thinking, she chuckled. “I admit it. Are you satisfied?” 
She looked up and asked with a smile, “Mr. Smith, are you satisfied with me admitting that I’m a b*tch who covets someone else’s fiancé?” 
“You just had to make me admit that I’ll always be lowly in front of you. Are you satisfied?” 
The three “are you satisfied?” encompassed everything she had suffered all these years!
In Switzerland, she had no lack of suitors, but she did not like anyone. What she was unwilling to admit was that she had never let go of this man. 
Even if this man was with the sister she hated the most. 
As she smiled, tears suddenly fell down. 
The teardrop was crystal clear as it slid down the corner of her eye and landed on her leg. 
At this moment, a warm hand pressed down on her shoulder. With a huge reaction, she suddenly reached out and pushed the hand away! 
She got out of the car angrily. 
Joel chased after her. “Tanya!” 
Tanya pushed him away and opened the door. 
Joel hugged her tightly. “Tanya.” 
Tanya was furious and shouted angrily, “Joel, what are you trying to do? Let me tell you, even if I haven’t completely forgotten about you, I won’t be your mistress! I may be spineless, but I still have this bottom line! Let go. If you don’t, I’ll call the police!” 
However, the man behind her did not let go. Just as Tanya angrily picked up her phone and was about to call the police, Joel’s voice suddenly sounded. “Uncle Ian is critically ill.” 
Tanya paused. 
Tanya knew who his uncle was. She also knew how important this uncle was to Joel. 
She said nothing. 
Joel continued, “After Uncle Ian and Yvette separated more than twenty years ago, they never saw each other again. His greatest regret in this life is that he couldn’t be with her. Even though he knows that Nora is his daughter, he still wants to follow Yvette to the afterlife.” 
“Tanya, we’re so lucky to meet again. This time, I won’t let go.” 
— 
At the Smiths. 
After taking a shower, Nora prepared to go downstairs to eat something. 
But as soon as she opened the door, she saw Quentin in front of it. 
Although the man was already 26 years old, he still looked very young. His thin body leaned against the wall, and he instantly stood up when he saw her. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What’s the matter?” 
Quentin nodded and asked curiously, “Nora, what did you tell Uncle Ian that suddenly gave him the will to survive?”
###Chapter 399: Peace
Chapter 399: Peace 
When Nora heard this, she was silent for a moment. 
She suddenly said, “Do you really want to know?” 
Quentin nodded. 
Nora looked away. 
She was not planning to say these words. After all, her mother’s last words were filled with danger. Now, she did not even know who or where the enemy was. 
She said, “Do you know why I hid my identity as Big Sister?” 
Quentin shook his head. 
Nora said, “Because my mother said that if I stand out, people might come after me.” 
Quentin narrowed his eyes at these words. 
Nora looked at him. “I told him this.” 
She was referring to Ian. 
They had just reunited, but she was not used to calling that person “father.” She could not bring herself to call him “father.” 
Quentin understood.
Ian felt that Joel and Quentin could protect her well and that she would live well. Therefore, he had lost the will to live and wanted to reunite with Yvette. 
But when he found out that his daughter was in danger, as a father, how could he leave? 
He had to live and help her get rid of all obstacles! 
Especially that danger… Ian subconsciously felt that it had something to do with Yvette leaving him back then! 
This was Nora’s guess. 
Yvette had suddenly run away from home and told the public that she had eloped with someone, but she had given birth to her. In addition to the organization Morris had mentioned… 
She felt that Yvette’s departure back then might have been to protect Ian. 
Ian clearly thought of this as well, and Nora told him, “The first DNA test showed that my genes have mutated. Logically speaking, we could never acknowledge each other. But Mother left my umbilical cord blood behind.” 
Yvette had preserved Nora’s umbilical cord blood because she wanted to have a contingency plan when she was at her wit’s end. 
If Nora was to ever get involved in this, Ian could protect her appropriately and fulfill his responsibility as a father. 
Even if Nora did not need his protection, if this responsibility could make Ian want to live, she did not mind being protected. 
However, Quentin suddenly understood something. He looked at Nora seriously. “Nora, don’t worry. I will help you guard your identity!”
If there was any danger, he would protect his cousin! 
Nora: “?” 
— 
In the suburbs. 
Joel was hugging Tanya. “I don’t know what Nora said to make Uncle Ian want to live, but I know that I can’t lose you again, Tanya.” 
When Uncle Ian lay on the hospital bed and recalled what had happened back then, he said the thing he regretted the most was not insisting on being with Yvette. At that time, Joel had thought of Tanya. 
He did not want the tragedy to repeat itself. 
When Tanya heard this, she stopped struggling. She closed her eyes tightly as tears started pouring. “Even if I don’t mind Mia’s existence, what about Hillary?” 
“Hillary doesn’t matter.” 
Joel said, “Tanya, back then, I was tricked into being with her. But all these years, apart from Mia, there’s nothing between us. I gave her the title of fiancée because I didn’t want Mia to not have a mother. But I told her long ago that when Mia turned five and became sensible, we would end the engagement. The last time I chased her away from the Smiths, it was to end the engagement. 
Tanya was stunned. 
Hillary was clearly saying that they were very loving. 
However, compared to Hillary, she trusted Joel more. 
She was not a romantic. The reason she chose to believe Joel was because she understood Hillary’s character! 
But even so, she did not expect such a misunderstanding to have happened back then. 
She asked again, “But her Facebook post…” 
Joel explained again, “It was Mia’s birthday yesterday. I took a gift from her at the entrance of her house and left. As for the restaurant, it was only me and Mia. She followed us there by herself.” 
Tanya was stunned. 
Joel hugged her. “Tanya, I don’t know what else I need to do to make you forgive me, but do you know how happy I was when I heard you say that you were jealous?” 
The man no longer had the aura he had in front of outsiders. At this moment, he was as happy as a child who had eaten candy. “At that time, I was thinking that even if you hate me or resent me, I won’t let you go this time.” 
“…” 
The wind around them seemed to have stopped. 
The birds and insects were all silent. 
Tanya only felt that at this moment, her broken heart seemed to have been filled with healing medicine as he comforted her. 
She did not know what to say.
She did not know if she should forgive this man for that night. 
Even if it was not his fault that he had been schemed against… 
She did not know if she could be a good stepmother, either… 
She did not even know if it was right for her to pursue happiness like this before her child was found… 
Before she could think, the man suddenly held her shoulder and made her slowly turn her head. 
The man stopped talking and lowered his head to cover her lips. 
That familiar cool breath suddenly invaded her mouth, making her brain explode. 
The memories in her body seemed to have returned before her rationality, making her almost give in without any resistance… 
She was in a sorry state and quickly retreated. 
However, he continued to press her hard and domineeringly. It was as if he wanted to claim sovereignty over every part of her mouth. 
“Agh!” 
Suddenly, a voice was heard. 
The two of them froze and hurriedly looked at the door. They saw Mdm. Florence covering her eyes. “Goodness, Miss Tanya, Mrs. Hunt asked me to see if you were around. You… you two lovebirds can continue. Pretend I didn’t see you!” 
With that, she ran off in a hurry.
Tanya: “…” 
Joel: “…” 
The two of them were feeling a little awkward. It did not seem appropriate to continue what had just happened. However, if they did not continue, they would be at a loss if they just stood there. 
Tanya said, “Let’s talk inside.” 
She turned and opened the door. 
Joel followed behind her obediently. He did not look like the tycoon who ran the business world at all. 
After the two of them entered the room, Joel took the initiative to say, “You haven’t eaten yet, right? I’ll cook something for you.” 
Tanya nodded in a daze. At that moment, she seemed to have completely forgotten that this was her house. 
When Joel entered the kitchen, Tanya had yet to return to her senses. 
At this moment, her phone suddenly rang. 
She picked up the call without even looking at it and accidentally put it on speaker. Hillary’s voice came from the other end. “Tanya, do you think Joel will return to your side just because you’re back? Let me tell you, the person he loves is me. He’s right beside me now. Our family of three is going to eat together.. Stop daydreaming!”
###Chapter 400: Their Child
Chapter 400: Their Child 
Daydreaming… 
Tanya looked into the kitchen and felt like she was really dreaming. 
When she had left sadly five years ago, she thought that she would never have the chance to be with this man in her life. This man was going to disappear from her life. 
Who would have thought that five years later, he would be cooking food for her? 
As Tanya was thinking, Hillary’s voice was heard again. “Why aren’t you saying anything? Are you really going to degrade yourself to be a third wheel and come between us? Let me tell you, you better return to Switzerland. Joel chose me five years ago, he’ll definitely choose me again. When that time comes, how embarrassed would you be?” 
As she spoke, Joel had already walked out of the kitchen. 
The villa was very quiet, and there were no car horns around. 
Joel had heard the voice on the phone from the beginning. 
He looked at Tanya. 
Tanya was also looking at him. The slender girl just stood there, her body a little thin from dancing for a long time. 
She looked at Joel with her deep eyes and suddenly raised her eyebrows. “She said I’m the third wheel. May I ask Mr. Smith, what’s your relationship with Madam Hillary now?”
As soon as she said this, Hillary’s voice stopped. However, she then sneered. “What are you doing? Do you think you can scare me like this? Let me tell you, I’m with Joel. If you want to talk to him, I can help you send a message…” 
Amidst her chattering, Joel’s originally angry eyes froze for a moment when they met the Tanya’s. All his anger seemed to dissipate with an evil smile on her lips. 
He took a step forward and said, “I have nothing to do with Madam Hillary. The engagement has been broken off. Madam Tanya, what kind of braised noodles do you want to eat? Tomato eggs or green pepper pork?” 
The voice on the phone instantly fell silent! 
Hillary: “!!” 
The entire villa fell silent. Tanya smiled and said, “Green pepper pork. But no ginger, you remember my preferences, right?” 
Joel nodded. “Of course. Just wait 10 minutes.” 
With that, he glanced at the phone. Just as he was about to return to the kitchen, Hillary smiled mockingly. “Tanya, are you lying to me? How can Joel cook? I’ve been with him for five years, but I’ve never seen him cook! He doesn’t know how to cook at all! Did you find someone with a similar voice to anger me? I’m telling you, I won’t fall for it!” 
Tanya recalled how Hillary had deliberately chased him to the restaurant and taken a photo to post on her Facebook. She was not surprised by her way of thinking. 
She only smiled and suddenly turned on the camera. She raised her phone and aimed it at Joel. “Here, let me show you. The man I’m looking at not only has a similar voice to Joel, but his appearance is also very similar!”
Her voice was filled with mockery. 
When Hillary saw Joel wearing an apron, she was stunned. 
She had stayed with the Smiths for five years. Joel had never allowed her to enter his room, and every time she saw him, he was always the high and mighty leader who could stir up New York’s economic scene with just a move of his finger. 
Since when was that man willing to fall from grace and start doing housework? 
Furthermore, he was holding a tomato in one hand and green pepper in the other. He was clearly cooking! 
As Tanya had turned on the camera, he looked up. 
His light eyes, which were always smiling, suddenly became sharp as he stared at the camera. 
He said calmly, “Miss Hillary, is there anything else?” 
Tanya looked at the camera and saw that the camera on Hillary’s side suddenly shook and fell to the ground. Her hands must have gone soft from shock. 
This woman had been like this since she was young. She was a fox exploiting the tiger’s might and was extremely hypocritical. 
Tanya could not be bothered to talk to her anymore and hung up. 
She chuckled softly. She looked up and realized that Joel had not entered the kitchen but was staring at her.
The man was wearing a white shirt and an apron, looking just like he did five years ago. 
Tanya suddenly realized that the five years overseas seemed to have lost their distance. 
As she was thinking, she saw Joel’s eyes gradually turn deep and hot, making her heart beat wildly. 
She hurriedly looked away and said, “There are still eight minutes!” 
Only then did Joel retract his gaze and nod. 
After he left, Tanya hurriedly patted her chest and cheeks. 
She must stay alert! 
She could not be attracted by his stunning beauty! 
Eight minutes later, the noodles were done. 
Tanya went upstairs and had already changed into her casual home clothes. Looking at the two bowls of steaming noodles on the dining table, she picked up her fork. Just as she was about to eat, she heard Joel say, “Wait a minute.” 
She paused and realized that Joel had brought a bottle of hot sauce over. 
Tanya stared at the bottle and suddenly thought of a time five years ago. 
At that time, she was still in university. As the living expenses from her mother were not enough, she often had to cook for herself. 
Noodles were her favorite. 
However, she only had one pot back then, so it was inconvenient to stir-fry vegetables. Therefore, every time, she would add a sufficient amount of noodles and vegetables before adding hot sauce.
Joel had always known this habit of hers. 
In the past five years, after she went overseas, the thing she was most unused to was eating. Occasionally, she would want to eat noodles, but without hot sauce, it was as if something was missing. 
While she was in a daze, Joel opened the bottle and handed it to her. 
She dug a big spoonful and put it in the bowl of noodles. The thick sauce immediately floated on it and the fragrance wafted over. 
She picked some noodles up with her fork and took a bite excitedly—but she was stunned. 
She looked up slowly at the bottle of hot sauce. 
The packaging had already changed. 
As for the taste of the sauce, although it was still her favorite flavor, it was no longer the same as before. 
For some reason, her heart suddenly sank. 
A broken mood instantly attacked her, making her lower her head. 
Indeed. 
In five years, everything familiar had changed. 
Nothing would stand there and wait for her. 
It was like losing her child.
Even if she had returned to the country and she and Joel were still the same as they were five years ago, this fact could not be hidden. 
She became depressed. 
Joel looked at her and panic surged in his heart. He asked carefully, “What’s wrong? The noodles don’t taste good?” 
A hot tear fell into the bowl. 
Tanya suddenly looked up. “There’s something I need to tell you..”

###Chapter 401: Do You Like Children?
Chapter 401: Do You Like Children? 
Joel saw her grave expression and put down his fork. He stared at her. “What?” 
His heart suddenly pounded violently. 
He didn’t know what Tanya was going to say, much less what she was thinking… but he suddenly felt that what she was going to say next was very important. 
Tanya looked at the man and said impulsively, “We had a…” 
The word “child” hovered around her mouth for a moment, but she could not say it. 
Joel was stunned. “What?” 
He searched his memory hard. They had an agreement? An oath? Or what? 
He was afraid that he would anger the girl in front of him if he did not remember. 
Tanya opened her mouth. 
She suddenly thought of the parents who had been searching for their children overseas. 
Some mothers broke down, and some fathers were very calm. However, she had seen them turn around and cry secretly in a corner after comforting their wives. 
She suddenly asked, “You love Mia very much, right?” 
Joel did not know why she had suddenly changed the topic, but he still followed along and said, “Yes, I love her very much.”
He suddenly reached out and held her hand. “I know that I will never let you down in this matter. Her existence is something I cannot control, but her existence makes me feel warm. Tanya, that is a kind of satisfaction from family ties. You understand me, right?” 
How could Tanya not understand? 
After all, she and Joel were both children who lacked love! 
Even though Joel was born in the Smiths, his parents did not like him. There was even a time when they thought of abandoning him, making him feel very insecure. 
As for Tanya… 
After her mother remarried, she lost her home. 
When the two of them walked together back then, didn’t it feel like they were hugging each other for warmth? 
That was why she was so happy when she gave birth to that little angel and thought that she finally had a family in this world and someone with her blood. 
That was why she had searched the entire world for her child like a madman without even having seen the child once. 
When Joel saw that she was in a strange mood, he mistakenly thought that Tanya would mind if he mentioned Mia. He thought about it and said, “I know it’s very selfish of me to make you accept Mia, but Tanya, Mia is really a very obedient child. You’ll fall in love with her. Really…” 
He was afraid that Tanya would suggest sending the child away. 
No matter how much he loved Tanya, he could not do that.
After all, he was a father! 
Seeing that he had misunderstood, Tanya waved her hand and said, “That’s not what I meant.” 
As soon as she said this, Joel heaved a sigh of relief. It was obvious how much he liked Mia. 
Tanya asked again, “Do you like children?” 
Joel nodded. “Of course. If it was our child, I would like it even more.” 
These words made Tanya’s heart ache again. 
She lowered her head and took a bite of noodles. 
The hot noodles slid into her mouth, but she took another bite as if she did not know it was hot. 
She ate mouthful after mouthful. When she was done, she looked up. 
Joel probed, “What did you say we have?” 
Tanya took out a tissue and wiped her mouth before replying, “It’s nothing.” 
Joel immediately tried to recall any vow the two had made. However, after thinking for a while, he still could not remember it. 
After he ate the noodles, Tanya took his bowl and washed it in the kitchen. Then, she said, “It’s getting late, you should go back.” 
Joel: “…”
He actually did not want to leave tonight, but since Tanya had said so, if he insisted on staying, it would only make Tanya feel annoyed. 
At the thought of this, Joel decided that he had to take things slow and not get things done in one go. 
He took out his car keys and walked slowly to the door. “Good night.” 
“Good night.” 
Tanya replied softly in the kitchen. 
She heard Joel walk to the door and stand there for a long time. Finally, he pushed the door open. When she heard the door close with a bang, she turned off the tap. 
She stood in the kitchen for a long time before walking out. 
Looking at the neat apron hanging in the living room, she thought of Joel’s OCD personality and couldn’t help but lower her eyes. 
She sighed heavily and went upstairs. 
She lay on the sofa and quietly stared at the night sky. 
She did not know where her child was in the world right now, if he was hungry, or if he had any clothes to wear. She did not know how long she was thinking when her phone suddenly rang. 
She picked it up and took a look. It was a call from Hillary. 
She picked up the call and Hillary’s calm voice was heard. “Are you two still together?” 
Tanya sneered and said softly, “Yes, he’s taking a shower. Why?”
“You’re lying!” 
Hillary suddenly smiled and said, “I just called Mia and she said Dad has come home! Tanya, I’m warning you. Stay away from Joel! Even if you seduced him now and he still likes you, Mia is the person he loves the most!” 
Tanya clenched her fists. 
She lowered her eyes. Before she could say anything, Hillary said, “Mia is everything to him! So what if you two still have feelings for each other? At the end of the night, won’t he still go home obediently and coax the child to sleep? Tanya, if you know what’s good for you, you better leave him!” 
Tanya’s voice was very low. “What if I don’t?” 
“You don’t? Do you know that everyone outside knows that he and I are engaged and that Mia is our daughter?! Mia’s sake, he won’t even announce our separation to the public. In front of outsiders, I will always be Madam Smith! And you, Tanya, are just one of his lovers! What makes you think your status is enough to make him give up his reputation?” 
The Jones. 
After Hillary shouted this in anger, she finally felt at ease. She sneered and said, “No matter what, I will always be the wife, and you are just a mistress! Just like it was back then, I’m the daughter of a wealthy family, and you’re just a fake daughter!” 
With that, she hung up. 
She had been chased out of the Smiths for so long. There were many guesses outside, but because of Mia, the Smiths had never spread the news that they had broken off the engagement.
She wanted to use this matter to agitate Tanya and let her know that she was nothing to Joel! 
Any woman would mind this, right? 
As she was thinking about this, the doorbell rang. 
The servant went to open the door and exclaimed in surprise, “Mr. Smith?” 
Hillary was stunned. She turned around and saw Joel walking in from the door! 
It was already so late.. Why was he at the Jones’ residence?!
###Chapter 402: Is Mia Really Hillary’s Daughter?
Chapter 402: Is Mia Really Hillary’s Daughter? 
Hillary recalled that when she called Tanya today, Joel was also there. Later on, he did not pursue the matter, but now, he was here… 
Her heart sank, but her face was still filled with smiles as she walked over. “Joel, you’re here…” 
When the Joneses heard the servant’s words, they hurriedly walked down from the study upstairs to welcome him. “Mr. Smith, what brings you here? If there’s anything you need, you can call us to the Smiths.” 
Joel was still smiling. His eyes were curved, and when he did not speak, he looked very gentle, like a smiling tiger. 
However, Hillary could see the coldness in his eyes. 
She swallowed and jolted. 
Joel looked at her and slowly said, “I came personally today because I thought that after my engagement with Miss Hillary was broken off, she seemed to have been dishonest.” 
As soon as he said this, Hillary’s father was stunned. He looked directly at Hillary. “What? When did you guys break off the engagement?” 
Joel lowered his eyes and said indifferently, “Why? Didn’t Miss Hillary tell you?” 
Hillary had been chased back this time and stayed for a few days now, but she had not mentioned the engagement at all.
Mr. Jones looked at Hillary. “Hillary, what’s going on? 
Madam Jones said, “Mr. Smith, did Hillary do something wrong to make you angry? Tell us, we’ll get her to change. How can you suddenly call off the engagement?” 
Joel looked at Madam Jones. 
To be precise, she was also Tanya’s mother. 
Back then, Tanya’s mother had remarried and given birth to Hillary. 
Hillary was a year younger than Tanya, but their identities were completely different. 
One was a burden who had been brought along into her marriage with a wealthy family, and the other was a daughter of a wealthy family. Hillary had looked down on Tanya since she was young. 
As for Tanya, she had a stubborn personality. After being slandered by Hillary a few times, Madam Jones had determined that Tanya’s personality was naughty and mischievous, like that of her father, who had disappeared. Therefore, she would hit and scold her! 
Joel’s attitude toward Madam Jones was distant and cold. He did not bother being polite with her. “Madam Jones, you can discipline her further for her mistakes. Now, we’re talking about breaking off the engagement.” 
He took out the agreement he had signed with Hillary back then. “In the agreement back then, we said that when Mia turns five, the engagement would be automatically broken off. Now, it’s time.” 
The Jones parents were stunned. They looked at Hillary in disbelief. “Hillary, you…” 
Hillary bit her lip and cried. “Joel, I was wrong. I really know I was wrong. I didn’t go looking for Tanya on purpose. I was just indignant. You chased me out of the Smiths because she suddenly returned, right?”
Tanya? 
Madam Jones instantly became even more furious. “What do you mean? Did Tanya cross into your family again? Joel, you can’t treat Hillary like this. Tanya was born to be a bad hooligan!” 
As soon as she said this, Joel suddenly reached out and smashed the teacup on the table to the ground! 
Smash! 
The sound of the teacup shattering resounded throughout the living room, causing the crying Hillary and Madam Jones, who was scolding Tanya, to stop abruptly. 
Everyone looked at Joel in disbelief. 
Joel lowered his eyes. “I’ve already contacted the reporters. They will announce that I have broken off my engagement with Miss Hillary tomorrow…” 
As soon as he said this, Mr. Jones said, “Mr. Smith, is there no room for change in this matter?” 
Joel looked at him and said firmly, “No.” 
Mr. Jones sighed heavily. 
Hillary and Madam Jones still wanted to say something, but Mr. Jones shook his head at them. 
The two of them could only shut their mouths. 
Mr. Jones began to complain. “Mr. Smith, we understand that you don’t like Hillary. We won’t force you. We can break off the engagement, but Mia is her biological daughter. You can’t stop them from meeting.” 
Hillary and Madam Jones looked at each other.
Yes. 
As long as Mia was still around, Hillary could interfere in Joel and Tanya’s lives. As long as she could, Joel and Tanya could forget about living a quiet life! 
Hillary clenched her fists tightly. She was already thinking that if Mia fell ill in the future, she would definitely have to stay with the Smiths and take care of her. 
If Mia was hurt, she would definitely ask Tanya why she abused her child! 
As she was thinking about her future plans, Joel seemed to have seen through her thoughts and said directly, “Yes, I won’t stop them from meeting. Every six months, I’ll send Mia overseas to meet with Miss Hillary.” 
Mr. Jones was stunned. 
Hillary was stunned. “Go overseas? You don’t have to go overseas. I’m just in the country… You don’t have to send Mia anywhere. I can just meet her at the Smiths…” 
However, the moment she said this, she heard Joel say, “After our engagement is broken off, you’ll be in a bad mood, and will go overseas for a vacation. You won’t accept our financial support and will travel for five years. After five years, you can return to the country.” 
Mr. Jones was stunned. “She won’t accept financial support? Then how is she going to live?” 
Joel glanced at Mr. Jones and said casually, “Aren’t so many international students still alive?” 
Madam Jones shouted angrily, “No! Hillary has never suffered like this in her entire life! She can’t go overseas!” 
She had never suffered before, but Tanya could suffer?
Joel had investigated before. Tanya did not have any living expenses overseas. Everything was earned by working part-time! 
His attitude was still very calm, and there was even a smile on his face. He looked directly at Mr. Jones. “President Jones, is the collaboration between the Joneses and Smiths going well?” 
Mr. Jones: !!! 
He immediately understood that Joel was threatening him! 
If they did not send Hillary away, the Smiths would terminate all cooperation with the Joneses! 
The Joneses had been prospering these years because they had relied on the Smiths. After leaving the Smiths… Joel would definitely let everyone in New York know that the Joneses had offended him. 
At that time, even without Joel personally making a move, someone might help him deal with the Joneses! 
He gulped and hurriedly stood up. “I understand what you mean, Mr. Smith. I’ll handle Hillary’s matters here. She’ll go overseas.” 
Joel stood up. “It’s good that Mr. Jones understands. I’ll leave, then.” 
He did not even look at Hillary as he left the house. 
Hillary was stunned on the spot. 
Five years… 
Another five years! 
Tanya had been overseas for more than five years!
Hillary understood. Joel had arranged everything for her! 
He was going to send her overseas for five years to help Tanya vent her anger! 
She roared, “Joel! I gave birth to Mia for you! How can you treat me like this?!” 
Joel stopped in his tracks and turned to look at her. “If you hadn’t given birth to Mia, do you think you would have had the chance to go overseas?” 
Upon hearing this, Hillary jolted. 
She swallowed. 
Mia was her protective charm! 
— 
At the Smiths. 
After Nora finished showering, she walked out and saw Pete standing there, looking at her seriously. “Mommy, we’re going to the amusement park to play tomorrow. Can we bring Mia along?” 
Nora asked, “Why?” 
Pete said, “I didn’t even know it was Mia’s birthday yesterday. I didn’t give her a gift either. I want to take her out to play tomorrow.” 
Birthday? 
Nora was stunned.
She remembered clearly that Tanya’s child’s birthday was five days ago. 
Mia was only five days away from that child’s birthday… 
Was this… a coincidence? 
She narrowed her eyes. 
Was Mia really Hillary’s daughter?
###Chapter 403: Nora’s Suspicion
Chapter 403: Nora’s Suspicion 
The reason why Nora knew about the birthday of the children was that on that day every year, Tanya would be in low spirits. 
When she was overseas, no matter where Nora was, she would always be by Tanya’s side on this day. 
The two of them did nothing. Nora would sleep while Tanya would be in the room, dancing to the birthday gift she had bought long ago. 
Usually, when she woke up, Tanya would be covered in sweat, but she would not feel tired. If she continued like this, she would eventually collapse. 
Every year, she would fall seriously ill. 
It was as if she wanted to use this method to vent her longing for her child for the next year. 
Therefore, Nora remembered her child’s birthday very clearly. 
She couldn’t help but doubt Mia’s identity. 
Tanya’s child and Mia were both Joel’s children. Furthermore, they were only five days apart… 
She narrowed her eyes and began to think about the relationship between Mia and Tanya… 
“Mommy, can I?” 
Pete’s words interrupted Nora’s thoughts. 
She looked at him and nodded. “Alright, I’ll ask your uncle when he comes back.”
If she took Mia out to play, she would definitely ask Joel. 
With that, she yawned loudly and turned to walk to the bed. “It’s already so late. Why isn’t he back yet? I’ll lie down and wait for him!” 
Pete: “…” 
As expected, half an hour later, there were uniform breathing sounds on the bed. 
Pete sighed helplessly and put down the pen in his hand. 
He walked to the bed and gently covered Nora with the blanket. Then, he went out and downstairs to sit on the sofa in the living room. 
When Joel returned home, this was the scene he saw. 
Pete was clearly sleepy and anxious. His little head was nodding off, but he had still forced himself not to sleep. 
Joel looked at the time. It was already 11 PM. He walked over and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Pete woke up suddenly and said excitedly, “Uncle, you’re finally back!” 
He jumped off the sofa and looked at Joel. “Tomorrow, Dad and Mom will take me and Cherry… to the amusement park. I want to bring Mia along, okay?” 
Joel looked at him and touched his head. After some thought, he said, “Okay.” 
Pete heaved a sigh of relief. 
Joel bent down and picked him up before carrying him upstairs. 
After taking him to the bedroom, he asked, “Where’s your mother?”
Pete said helplessly, “Mommy said that she would lie down and wait for you to come back to ask you. In the end, she fell asleep…” 
Joel: “…” 
Joel brought Pete to his room and watched him shower and change into his pajamas. Then, he sent Pete to Nora’s bedroom. 
He watched as he tiptoed in and returned to the bedroom in relief. 
At the same time, he could not help but think that Nora was such a worry-free mother. Be it with Cherry or Pete, they were both so sensible and independent. 
After returning to his room, he washed up and lay on the bed. He took out his phone and opened Tanya’s Facebook. 
Her profile picture was of a mature grape. 
Joel stared at his phone screen for a long time, not knowing what to send her. Just as he was in a daze, he suddenly saw the words “Typing…” on the dialog box. 
Joel was instantly delighted. 
What was Tanya going to say to him? 
However, after waiting for more than ten minutes, she did not say anything. 
Joel couldn’t help but send a message: “?” 
Tanya replied: “?”
Joel: “Where’s the small composition?” 
Tanya: “What small composition?” 
Joel smiled and typed: “You’ve been typing for almost twenty minutes. You should have written a small composition with 800 words by now? Where is it?” 
Tanya: “!!!” 
Tanya: “I wasn’t sending you a message!” 
Tanya: “You’re mistaken!” 
Tanya: “Oh, I was watching television and accidentally opened your chat window.” 
Seeing that she was not being honest, Joel continued to type with a smile. “What are you watching?” 
Tanya: “A show on FOX TV.” 
Joel: “Is it Friends? I haven’t seen it in a long time.” 
Tanya: “Yes.” 
Joel laughed again. “But FOX TV is currently playing a melodramatic drama.” 
Tanya: “…” 
Tanya: “Can’t I watch a replay?” 
Joel: “Alright, you can watch whatever you want. Whatever you say is right.” 
After these words were sent, the two of them paused for a moment.
Joel suddenly recalled when he and Tanya were still in high school. 
At that time, they once had a disagreement over a small matter. As for the specific reason, he could not remember it clearly. However, Tanya’s eyes were red from crying as she roared at him, “Do you even know how to be a boyfriend? Don’t you know that a girlfriend is always right no matter what she does? You’re such a serious person. Other than me, no one else will want you!” 
At that time, they were young and did not know how to cherish each other, much less how to love each other. They had stumbled forward in confusion. 
However, he had continued to press forward. It was unlike now where he was restrained and careful in everything he did. 
A warm feeling suddenly flowed through Joel’s chest. He sent a message: “I missed you.” 
Tanya did not reply for a long time. 
Joel lowered his eyes and sent another message: “Nora will take Cherry and Pete to the amusement park to play tomorrow. Mia wants to go too. Do you want to go?” 
This time, Tanya replied: “I’ll consider it.” 
Joel chuckled softly. “Yes. How long do you want to consider?” 
Tanya replied proudly, “Two minutes.” 
Joel said dotingly, “Alright.” 
Two minutes later, Joel punctually asked, “Go ahead.” 
Tanya: “Since you’re begging me, I’ll go.”
Joel laughed. 
— 
The next day, when Nora woke up, the sun was high in the sky. 
She picked up her phone in a daze and was about to look at the time when she opened her eyes and saw four heads staring at her from her bedside. 
Mia and Tanya were on the left, both of them holding their chin. 
Cherry and Pete were speechless. 
Nora was shocked. “What are you doing?” 
Her voice was hoarse. 
Tanya: “Waiting for you to wake up so that we can go to the amusement park.” 
Nora: “?” 
Stunned, she looked at her phone and realized that it was already 11 AM. 
Nora rubbed her head and sat up. “…Why didn’t you wake me up?” 
Tanya looked at Cherry. “You have to ask your little darling about this.” 
Cherry said, “Mommy, you can’t be disturbed when you’re sleeping!” 
Pete said, “Mommy, it’s okay. It’s okay if we play less, but you have to sleep enough.”
Nora: “…” 
She lifted the blanket and went to the bathroom. As she washed her face, she looked at Tanya and Mia in the mirror. She suddenly recalled her suspicions from last night..
###Chapter 404: Mia’s Blood Type?
Chapter 404: Mia’s Blood Type? 
Perhaps it was because she was suspicious, Nora kept looking at Tanya and Mia while she changed. The more she looked at them, the more they looked alike. 
It seemed like the verification of DNA was imminent. 
However, how was she going to take DNA samples without alerting them? 
Thinking that she had a whole day to spend with them today, Nora was not anxious. She slowly washed her face and brushed her teeth. She changed into casual clothes and prepared to go downstairs. 
Tanya immediately grabbed her. “Justin is downstairs!” 
Outsiders called Justin Mr. Hunt or President Hunt, but to Tanya, he was her best friend’s boyfriend and only Justin. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Tanya pointed at her hair. “Aren’t you going to wash your hair?” 
Nora: “?” 
She casually glanced at the time. “It’s already so late. I’m not washing anymore.” 
Tanya said in disdain, “You’re on a date, right? Can’t you be more exquisite? I woke up an hour early this morning to dress up!” 
Nora thought for a moment. “That’s true.”
Then, she turned around and picked up her cap. “That’s good.” 
Tanya: “…” 
Watching Nora go downstairs casually, Tanya seriously suspected that she was not a woman. 
She grimaced and waved at the three children. “Let’s go.” 
Pete and Cherry nodded. 
Following behind Nora, Mia was still staring at the identical twins. 
When she saw them today, she was shocked! 
Pete woke up early in the morning. When he was playing with her, someone at the door said that Justin had brought the Hunts’ youngest son over. 
Mia was still a little nervous at that time. She asked Pete, “They all say that the Hunts’ youngest son is very mysterious. He never goes to school and doesn’t play with others. What if he doesn’t like me?” 
Pete was stunned. 
He didn’t expect Mia to be so sensitive. She hadn’t even met him yet, but she already felt that he wouldn’t like her. Pete said directly, “No, you two will be very good friends.” 
Mia looked at herself nervously and asked, “Cherry, will he really like me?” 
Pete replied, “… Yes, he will.” 
Mia heaved a sigh of relief. 
Then, she saw Justin walking in with Cherry in his arms.
When Cherry entered, she was still wearing a mask and sunglasses to prevent anyone from peeking. The young master of the Hunts had always been well protected. 
Mia immediately grabbed Pete’s hand nervously. Then, she saw that the Hunts’ youngest son had been placed down by his father. 
Then, he skipped over to her and said, “Mia, Sister, I missed you so much~” 
With that, Cherry hugged Mia. 
Mia: “…” 
She was stunned and looked at Cherry in shock. When Cherry saw that she was silent, she took off her sunglasses and mask. “Mia, don’t you know Cherry anymore?” 
Mia: “” 
She turned to look at Pete in surprise and then at Cherry. Only then did she react. “You, you’re twins!” 
Both of them smiled and nodded. 
Mia seemed to have realized something as she looked at Pete. “So, Cherry, who turns into a boy, is actually not Cherry. It’s Cherry’s brother!” 
Pete extended his hand to her. With a serious expression, he introduced himself. “My name is Peter Hunt.” 
Mia scratched her head and smiled with her eyes. “Your name sounds nice!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Cherry said, “Brother’s nickname is…”
Before she could finish, Pete interrupted her. “Cherry’s name is Cheryl Smith.” 
Mia continued to smile. “It sounds good too!” 
“I think so too!” 
Cherry held Mia’s hand. “Brother and I named ourselves very casually, but Daddy and Mommy really have telepathy. They named us Cherry Pit! Daddy said that Brother and I are the fruits of Mommy and Daddy!” 
Mia was enlightened. She smiled at Pete. “So, you’re not Cherry. Your nickname is Pit!” 
Pete: “…” 
His nickname was not nice. He rarely told others about it. He did not expect his sister to say it so directly. 
Sigh! His head hurt. 
— 
When Nora went downstairs, she stood in the corridor and looked down. 
She saw Joel and Justin sitting on the living room sofa. These two men, who could change New York’s economy with just a stomp of their feet, were sitting opposite each other and drinking tea. 
When she went out, there was no sound from downstairs. 
When she was almost downstairs, Justin suddenly said, “Nora’s temper becomes a little bad If she doesn’t sleep enough. Please forgive her.” 
These words sounded as if Nora was Justin’s possession. Joel suddenly raised his head, his eyes curved into crescents, and he smiled. “She’s my sister. There’s no need to apologize. I have just made
Mr. Hunt wait here for such a long time. Nora’s health is not good. Mr. Hunt, you don’t mind, right?” 
Justin: “…” 
There was a hint of coldness in his deep eyes, and the mole at the corner of his eye looked a little enchanting. He suddenly said, “I definitely don’t mind. After all, Nora’s health deteriorated because she gave birth to my children. I wonder if Nora is used to sleeping on the Smiths’ bed?” 
Joel: “!!!” 
These words implied that Nora had not grown up in the Smiths. 
He lowered his eyes and gently placed the teacup down. Still smiling, he said, “She probably slept well. After all, she’s at home. Mr. Hunt, you probably don’t know yet, right? Nora is Uncle Ian’s biological daughter, and she’s also the only daughter of the Smiths’ direct line of descent.” 
He deliberately emphasized the word “at home” and emphasized the eldest daughter of the direct line. Then, he said jokingly, “If she didn’t have an engagement with Mr. Hunt, I’m afraid the other men in New York would have been chased out by Uncle Ian when they came to propose marriage!” 
Justin: “…” 
He had almost forgotten that the person in front of him was his brother-in-law! 
Offending him would make his marriage difficult. 
At the thought of this, Justin took the initiative to pick up the teapot and pour a cup of tea for Joel. 
Looking at his lowered head, Joel was extremely satisfied.
The two men were both heads of the two top families in New York. Neither of them was convinced by the other. Even though the two companies had worked together before, they had never lowered their heads. 
Now, this man was willing to lower his head for Nora. It seemed like he was being sincere. 
A cup of tea made the two men lose their hostility. At this moment, they finally heard footsteps. The two of them turned their heads and saw Nora walking down. 
She coughed. “Did I make you two wait for long?” 
“No.” 
“No.” 
The two men said dotingly. 
Nora: “…” 
She suddenly looked at Joel and asked, “By the way, Joel, what’s Mia’s blood type?”
###Chapter 405: Your Daughter Looks So Much Like You!
Chapter 405: Your Daughter Looks So Much Like You! 
Joel did not understand why she would suddenly ask this, but he still said, “Type A.” 
Tanya was also an A. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and asked again, “What about Hillary?” 
Hearing her mention Hillary, Joel subconsciously looked at Tanya, who was following behind her. Seeing that Tanya was indeed frowning and seemed a little unhappy, Joel carefully replied, “Type AB.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora replied, but she was guessing in her heart. Joel had Type O blood while Hillary had Type AB blood. Therefore, there was a chance that Mia had Type A blood. 
From this, she could not confirm her guess. 
Indeed, she still had to do a DNA test. 
With this in mind, she glanced at Tanya. 
She did not tell Tanya about this immediately. 
After all, over the years, they had been looking for her child together. She knew that it was devastating for any hope to be destroyed. 
When she did the DNA report, if Mia was not Tanya’s child, she would not mention it at all. However, if she was Tanya’s daughter, everything would be fine.
With this thought in mind, she asked, “Shall we set off?” 
“There’s no rush.” 
Before Joel could speak, Justin said slowly, “Eat something before you leave. You’ve slept for so long. You should avoid getting low blood sugar.” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Nora casually picked up a piece of chocolate. “No need. Let’s go.” 
Nora was a little embarrassed to have the three children and three adults wait for her here. 
Actually, she had set an alarm before she went to bed last night. After all, she was going out with them today. Thinking of this, she took out her phone and was about to see why the alarm didn’t ring when she heard Pete say, “Mommy, the tyrant… Daddy asked me to turn off your alarm. He said that you’ll only have the energy to play after you sleep enough.” 
“…Okay.” 
Nora’s lips twitched. She really could not be blamed. 
There were too many people in the group, so everyone got into the huge van that the Hunts had driven over. 
The van had three rows of seats. The most comfortable seats were definitely the two single chairs in the second row. The third and fourth rows fit the adults and their children well. 
Joel glanced at Tanya and pointed at the single seat in the second row. “Sit here.” 
Mia was Joel’s daughter. He was already very happy that Tanya could go out with them. He definitely wouldn’t trouble Tanya to help take care of Mia.
Tanya nodded. 
Then, Justin pointed at the single seat in the second row and said to Nora, “Sit here too.” 
He brought Pete and Cherry to sit at the back. 
Therefore… a strange arrangement was made. 
The two all-powerful men in New York had given up their seats for the two women, but they were sitting at the back as full-time nannies. 
When the driver saw this, he was frightened. 
He had never seen Mr. Hunt sitting in the back row! That was reserved for assistants and bodyguards! 
Then, he looked at the two women sitting in the second row… After Nora got into the car, she ate a mouthful of chocolate sleepily and leaned against the window, looking very relaxed. 
Tanya did not feel that there was anything wrong with sitting there like this. She also did not feel that there was anything wrong with letting the two men look after the children. She was still whispering to Nora. 
The driver was speechless. 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He did not expect Mr. Hunt and Mr. Smith to spoil their girlfriends so much! 
The car started and drove to the amusement park.
Tanya and Nora were whispering about what they were going to play later. The two men in the backseat were also chatting harmoniously. 
Joel asked, “Pete’s identity and appearance have always been kept a secret. Don’t tell me you’re going to the amusement park today with a mask on?” 
“There’s no need,” Justin said. “The amusement park was cleared today.” 
Only then did Joel suddenly realize that the Hunts owned the largest amusement park in New York! 
He nodded. “Yes, we won’t be disturbed like this.” 
He asked mischievously, “But Mr. Hunt, you didn’t bring your 18 bodyguards with you today? That’s not your style.” 
Justin smiled brightly, and the mole at the corner of his eye shone. His words had a hint of submission. “They’re hiding in the dark. After all, we have two children with us. No one can take the risk lest there be an accident. Mr. Smith, you understand, right?” 
With that, he looked behind the car. “After all, there are already seven or eight people in the two cars behind us, right?” 
Joel said slowly, “I’m not afraid of anything. It’s improbable for there to be any big scene outside. These seven or eight people are all here to protect Nora.” 
His meaning was clear. Nora had a high status in the Smiths! 
The group went straight to the amusement park. Justin seemed to have long known that Nora would not be able to get up on time, so the van stopped at the restaurant inside the amusement park. 
Justin explained, “Let’s have lunch first before we go to play.”
Joel replied, “That’s what I was thinking.” 
Nora had not eaten breakfast. Moreover, it was already noon. How could she not eat? 
The group entered the restaurant. 
The amusement park was cleared of people, and there were no tourists in the restaurant either. They watched the amusement park facilities outside as they ate in the lobby. 
When the food arrived, Nora subconsciously picked up her chopsticks and planned to eat in big bites, but Justin stopped her. 
He said, “Eat slowly.” 
Nora was about to retort when Justin spoke again. “Be a good role model for the children.” 
Nora felt that it was really troublesome. However, when she met the gazes of the three children, she could only say, “…Alright.” 
After lunch, they went to the amusement park. 
There was no need to queue up. They could do whatever they wanted. 
Nora liked exciting things. She went on roller coasters, trapezes, and other thrilling rides. Cherry, Pete, and Justin accompanied her throughout. 
However, Mia was timid and did not dare to play. 
Tanya saw that she was too timid to reject and said, “I’m afraid of heights, so I won’t play. Mia, will you accompany me?” 
Mia heaved a sigh of relief and immediately held Tanya’s hand tightly. “Okay.”
So, the people split into two groups to play. 
Watching Tanya and Mia leave, Nora suddenly said to Pete, “Pete, I’ll give you a mission.” 
Pete asked in confusion, “What?” 
Nora said, “Find an opportunity to help me collect some of Mia’s DNA samples.” 
Pete did not ask why and directly replied, “No problem.” 
On the other hand, Tanya had brought Mia to the carousel. Joel also accompanied them. After the three of them got on the carousel, the staff beside them raised their cameras and took photos of them. 
“Mr. Smith, Mrs. Smith, look over here!” 
“Mrs. Smith, please hug your daughter!” 
Daughter? 
Tanya was stunned. She looked down at Mia in her arms and was about to explain when the staff looked at the camera and sighed. “Mrs.. Smith, your daughter really looks like you!”
###Chapter 406: DNA Sample
Chapter 406: DNA Sample 
After the staff finished speaking, Mia reached out and grabbed her clothes. She asked timidly, “Ms. Turner, is this okay?” 
Tanya looked at her. For some reason, she did not explain. She just smiled. “…Okay.” 
Mia was excited to see that she didn’t reject her. 
Joel stared at them from the side. His eyes were calm, but the smile in his eyes was more warm and sincere than before. 
Snap! 
A photo of the family of three was taken. The staff took the photo and stood up, handing it over. 
On the carousel, Tanya sat in front with Mia in her arms while Joel sat in the back. The three of them looked very beautiful. 
The staff said politely, “Mr. Smith, Mrs. Smith, the two of you are so loving. Little Miss Smith is also so cute. Your family of three is really fortunate.” 
Tanya looked at the staff awkwardly and was about to explain when Joel suddenly took out his wallet and handed some notes to the service staff. “You’re a smooth-talker, feel free to say more.” 
The service staff took the tip. It was a thick stack and there were at least a few hundred dollars. He was instantly delighted and immediately said, “It’s not that I’m a smooth-talker, I’m actually very bad at talking.
It’s just that I’m good at telling the truth! Mr. Smith, there’s a bumper car over there. Do you want to bring Mrs. Smith and Little Miss there to play?” 
“Yeah.” 
Joel picked Mia up and held Tanya with his other hand as they walked toward the bumper car. 
Tanya followed. She did not even have a chance to explain the entire time and could only accept the title of Mrs. Smith! 
They had fun the entire day. Even though they only started in the afternoon, they still played all the games they wanted until sunset. 
At night, the group ate dinner at the amusement park and watched the fireworks performance. 
There was no vast crowd. The moment the fireworks bloomed, the three children gathered together and ran across the lawn of the viewing area, screaming with amazement. 
“Wow!” 
“So beautiful!” 
“It’s so bright!” 
Nora and Justin sat on the ground. When they looked up at the fireworks, Nora was a little stunned. 
Actually, coming to the amusement park to play was a very boring thing for her. 
No matter how exciting those games were, would they be as thrilling as riding a race car? 
She was just accompanying the two children to play something boring. Seeing that they were happy, she endured it.
Time was actually the most precious thing to her. 
As she spent most of her time sleeping, she preferred to finish all her tasks while she was awake. 
However, as she sat there and watched the fireworks rise into the sky, and felt the breathing and company of the man beside her, she felt for the first time that it did not seem so bad to waste so much time. 
On the other side, Joel and Tanya were following behind the three children. As they walked, Joel suddenly reached out and held Tanya’s hand. 
Tanya wanted to struggle, but the man’s hand was too warm and she could not break free at all. She gave up and let Joel hold her hand. 
The three children ran in front and occasionally turned back to see this scene. Cherry widened her eyes and said in disbelief, “God-mom, are you dating Uncle Joel?” 
Tanya: “!!” 
Her expression instantly turned cold. “Silly Cherry, what are you talking about?!” 
Mia was shocked. “Cherry, don’t talk to Ms. Turner like that. She’ll be angry!” 
Tanya didn’t expect to have scared Mia. Just as she was about to comfort her and tell her that she wasn’t angry, she saw Mia look at Joel. “Daddy, hurry up and kiss Ms. Turner. Kiss her and she’ll be happy!” 
Tanya: “!!!” 
Her face turned red.
The man beside her chuckled softly, his voice rich and gentle. “Tanya, I only wish for time to stop. How good would it be if we could stay here forever?” 
Tanya did not say anything, but Joel suddenly held her hand. 
… 
Happy days were always short. Soon, it was 8 PM. The sky had completely darkened, and they were going home. 
Tanya’s home was not in the same direction as the Smiths and Hunts, so they discussed and decided to let Joel take her home. 
Mia was brought back by Justin with Pete. 
When they separated at the door, Nora suddenly shouted, “Tanya.” 
Tanya, who was about to get into the car with Joel, stopped and turned to look at her. “What’s wrong?” 
Nora stretched out her arm. “Give me a hug?” 
Tanya: “” 
The corners of her lips twitched. “It’s not like I won’t see you anymore. Why are you hugging me? Are you crazy? I’m not so affectionate with you!” 
Nora did not care. She walked over and hugged her. “Don’t you know that you might have to call me sister-in-law the next time we hug?” 
Tanya: “!!!”
She turned around angrily and walked back to the car. However, she had only taken a few steps when she held her head with a cry. 
Nora shrugged. “I’m sorry… Two strands of your hair were caught on my ring.” 
The corners of Tanya’s mouth twitched. “I knew I shouldn’t have given you such a pretentious hug. You made me lose two strands of hair!” 
Nora retorted, “Don’t worry. I’ll be responsible if you become bald.” 
Tanya: “Pui, pui, pui! Don’t you know how to talk? I have a lot of hair. How can I be bald?!” 
With that, she got into Joel’s car. 
After the car left, Nora looked at the hair on her fingers. She raised her eyebrows and took out a bag, carefully putting the hair in it. 
As soon as she was done, she met Justin’s teasing eyes. He seemed to have seen through everything as his gaze swept past the hair in her hand before he said, “Nora, I didn’t expect you to be so naughty.” 
Nora ignored him and placed the bag in her pocket. She lowered her head and gave Pete a look. 
Pete nodded and gave her an “okay.” 
They got into the van and went home. 
In the car, Pete suddenly said, “Let’s play a game!” 
After playing for the entire day, Mia and Cherry, who were already a little sleepy, looked at him excitedly. “What are we playing?”
Pete took out a cotton bud. “I’m playing house. I’m a doctor.” 
Cherry secretly said to Mia, “…Pete is so childish~ I stopped playing house when I was three!” 
Mia said softly, “But this is the first time Pete has made such a request. Let’s play along, okay? Otherwise, he’ll be unhappy.” 
Cherry reluctantly said, “Alright!” 
Therefore, the three children, who were slightly smarter than ordinary people, began playing house. 
Pete said to Mia, “Mia, open your mouth. I want to take your saliva sample~” 
Mia opened her mouth cooperatively. 
Pete stirred the cotton bud and handed it to Nora.. “It’s done!”
###Chapter 407: Working Overtime To Do The DNA Test!
Chapter 407: Working Overtime To Do The DNA Test! 
Nora took it from him naturally. Then, she took out a small plastic bag, placed it inside, and put the bag into her pocket. 
When taking DNA samples, one must rub the cotton tip in the subject’s mouth with a bit of force in order to get the oral mucosa. 
Therefore, it would feel a little uncomfortable. 
However, the kind Mia endured the discomfort without saying anything and played along with the game. 
After the DNA sample was successfully retrieved, Cherry, in an attempt to play along with Pete’s game, said, “It’s my turn now, Pete!” 
Pete: “…” 
He glanced at Cherry disdainfully and said, “Don’t you find this very childish? Let’s not play this game anymore. Of course, if you really have to, I don’t mind playing along.” 
Cherry: “” 
She shut up and took out her phone. “I still find mobile games more fun, after all.” 
“…” 
While the children were talking, Justin, seemed to have realized what Nora was doing. He went to Nora and asked softly, “Are you suspecting that Mia may be Tanya’s daughter?”
Nora nodded. “Tanya gave birth to a baby five years ago, but she lost the child.” 
Something clicked in Justin’s head and he asked, “Do you need me to look into it for you?” 
Nora thought for a moment. “Alright.” 
She didn’t have enough manpower. Besides, it was not her forte, either. She and Tanya didn’t know each other before five years ago. The two had met while looking for their children. 
With Justin’s help, the investigation might progress faster. 
Justin suddenly asked, “Do I get any reward if I help out?” 
“…” 
Nora stared at the man’s visage right in front of her. Even after being out for a day, the man still looked clean and refreshed, and didn’t look greasy at all. In particular, in the dim lighting in the car, the man’s face even seemed like it had a veil of light over it. 
Nora suddenly withdrew her gaze, and her throat moved a little. 
If she continued looking at him any further, she felt like she might not be able to stop herself from kissing him. 
She coughed and replied, “Forget it, then. You don’t have to help me.” 
Justin: “…” 
— 
Joel took Tanya back to the villa in the suburbs. 
The villa was a little far, so it was already half-past nine by the time they reached the suburbs.
As soon as the car stopped, Tanya got out of the car. She waved at Joel and said, “Bye!” 
“… Aren’t you going to invite me in for a glass of water?” asked Joel. 
Tanya blinked. 
She simply knew Joel too well. Asking for a drink was just an excuse. She picked up a bottle of mineral water and handed it to him instead. 
The thick-skinned Joel said, “Oh, my bad. Can I use the bathroom?” 
Tanya: “…” 
She couldn’t refuse anymore! 
Surely she couldn’t make him hold it in for over an hour, right? 
Joel got out of the car casually and followed her into the house. Tanya couldn’t help but complain, “You obviously went to the toilet before we left the amusement park!” 
Without batting an eyelid, Joel replied, “Yeah. My kidneys aren’t so good.” 
“…” 
However, Joel didn’t go to the bathroom after he entered the villa. Instead, he pulled Tanya to the sofa and sat there. Before Tanya could say anything, he leaned in and pushed her down. 
Tanya had already realized what he was intending to do the moment he grabbed her. They could feel each other’s breath on their faces at this moment. Tanya was so nervous that her throat went dry. She asked coquettishly, “What are you doing?” 
“I’ve already held myself back for a whole day,” replied Joel.
Tanya: “?” 
Joel said, “I’ve been wanting to kiss you since I saw you at nine o’clock this morning.” 
Tanya’s cheeks turned even redder. 
However, the next moment, he asked quietly, “Tanya, will you marry me?” 
Tanya was about to reply when he went on. “Are you willing to be Mia’s mom?” 
The bashful look on Tanya’s face froze, and her heart suddenly went cold. 
‘Mom’… 
Her child was still missing, yet she was enjoying bliss and happiness… She wasn’t worthy of having such happiness! 
The thought made her suddenly push Joel away. All her shyness from just now disappeared. She looked at him in a panic and said, “I… I need to give it some thought. Why don’t you go for now?” 
The suggestive atmosphere disappeared instantly. 
Joel knew that it was because he had been too impatient. Even if he wanted Tanya to accept Mia, he had to persuade her bit by bit. He shouldn’t have mentioned that just now. 
After all, asking someone to be their child’s stepmother was very impolite behavior. 
He lowered his gaze. After spending the day together, he’d thought that Tanya was indeed fond of Mia. That was why he had brought it up. 
He nodded, neatened his clothes, and walked out of the house.
As she looked at how lonely he looked from the back, Tanya wanted to explain and tell him that it wasn’t because she disliked Mia. She just… felt that she was not worthy of being happy. However, she couldn’t bring herself to say it. 
— 
Elsewhere, Justin took the rest of them back to the Smiths’ manor. Cherry was a little reluctant to part with Nora. 
Although Nora was always disciplining her—unlike her father who spoiled her and let her do whatever she wanted—Cherry still missed her Mommy. 
However! 
Cherry was very sensible. She knew that her brother needed Mommy more because he hadn’t recovered from his illness yet! Thus, no matter how much she missed her mother, she had to go with her father. 
Cherry hugged Nora’s leg and said, “Mommy, I will miss you!” 
Sensing how clingy her daughter was being, Nora squatted down and gave her a kiss on her forehead. “You can come whenever you want to see me.” 
Cherry nodded at once. Only then did she walk over reluctantly to Justin. 
Justin reached his arms out toward Nora and suggested, “How about a goodnight hug for the two of us, too?” 
Nora rolled her eyes at him. She wanted to refuse, but when she met the man’s bottomless and aggrieved eyes, the words at the tip of her tongue did a U-turn. In the end, the resigned woman stepped forward and gave him a hug.
The man put his arms around her shoulders and hugged her a little tighter as if he wanted to embed her into himself. 
His low voice rang out beside her ear. “Goodnight.” 
Nora pushed him away without saying anything. 
Justin then took Cherry into the car and left the Smiths’. 
After the car left, Nora finally whispered, “Tsk. Goodnight.” 
She then held Pete’s hand in one hand and Mia’s in the other and led them into the living room. 
Mia’s nanny was waiting for her in the living room. When she saw her, she took her hand, took her back to her bedroom, and got ready to clean her up and tuck her in bed. 
Nora took Pete upstairs. 
As soon as she arrived upstairs, the door to the guest room Lily was staying in opened. Lily was wearing pajamas and looked like she had just finished taking a shower, and was drying her hair with a towel. She said, “You’re back, Anti.” 
Nora paused and looked at her. “Are you done with work?” 
“Yeah.” 
Lily had been busy ever since she returned to the States. She hadn’t even returned to the manor for quite a few days. She had finally finished her work that day and had just reached home and taken a shower. She was planning to have a good night’s sleep later. 
Unexpectedly, Nora took out two familiar-looking bags from her pocket the next moment.
Lily: “!!!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed as she said, “Boss, this is exploitation. You know that, right?” 
Nora coughed. Even she herself knew that she was being a little too much, so she offered, “How does a 20% pay increment sound?” 
She paid Lily a very high salary. Her annual salary reached as high as several hundred thousands of dollars. A 20% increment would mean at least 150,000 dollars! 
Lily immediately beamed at her and took the two bags from her. “No problem! Boss, what are you checking for?” 
Nora yawned. “Mother-daughter relationship.” 
Lily looked at Nora in surprise. “You found yourself another mom, Boss?” 
Nora: “…” 
Lily also felt that she must be mistaken. She glanced at Pete and asked, “You have another daughter? You gave birth to triplets back then?” 
Nora: “…” 
She coughed and said gently, “Get lost.” 
“Okie-Dokie! I’ll get changed and work overtime right away! I’ll let you know the results tomorrow morning..”
###Chapter 408: The Passionate Young Man
Chapter 408: The Passionate Young Man 
Lily went back to her room, changed, and went out in a hurry. 
She had only just reached the car park and was about to open the car door when she suddenly caught a glimpse of a shadow in the distance. Startled, she exclaimed, “Ahh! It’s a ghost!” 
Quentin: “…” 
The corners of his lips spasmed. He walked into the open leisurely and said like the person afflicted with eighth-grader syndrome he was, “You’re calling me a ghost when I was obviously standing there like the live human I am? Are your eyes bad?” 
Lily, who was bolder than a lot of girls, took a close look at Quentin, upon which her eyes immediately lit up. She asked, “… Who are you? Why did you become a thief when you’re so good-looking? Why aren’t you being a good person instead? This is the Smiths’ manor, you know!” 
“… Who do you think you’re calling a thief?” Quentin retorted. 
Lily’s eyes widened. The tall girl was not afraid of the man at all. “You, of course! If you are not a thief, then why are you hiding in the shadows so sneakily? I’ll tell you this—I can take out weaklings like you three at a time by myself!” 
Quentin: “” 
Who was she calling a goddamn weakling? 
There must really be a problem with the woman’s eyes!
He was about to speak when Lily took a good look at Quentin with the help of the car lights. Her eyes immediately brightened and she asked, “Say, why are you straying from the right path when you’re such a good-looking man? Shall I help you out? “ 
Quentin: “?” 
Lily coughed and asked, “Do you have a girlfriend?” 
Quentin: “” 
Wasn’t the topic of their conversation changing a little too quickly? 
How did they suddenly start talking about whether he had a girlfriend or not? 
His brows drew together and he answered, “No, I don’t.” 
Lily said excitedly, “I don’t have a boyfriend, either!” 
Quentin: “…” 
The corners of his lips spasmed as Lily asked, “Do you earn a lot from stealing?” 
Quentin: “” 
“It definitely isn’t a lot, right? How about this, why don’t you date me? I can give you money and a place to live in. I can even buy you a house in New York. I have an annual salary of hundreds of thousands of dollars! That’s nearly a million dollars, you know!” 
Quentin: “!!!!” 
The corners of his lips spasmed again. He felt a little like the conversation was getting more and more far-fetched.
Was she hitting on him 
He stared at Lily. If she weren’t Big Sister’s assistant, Quentin would have punched her and given her a taste of his martial arts prowess a long time ago! 
He sneered, “Do you think I would be tempted by that bit of money you have?” 
Lily thought for a moment. “Well, that’s true. Someone like you who specializes in stealing from wealthy families must be a master thief, right? I guess that bit of money I have won’t attract you, after all. By the way, I’m a doctor. If you get beaten up during a heist, you can come to me. Of course, if you ever decide to pull back and repent, and don’t feel like working hard anymore, you can come to me then too~~” 
Lily took out a business card from her pocket. When she looked back up to pass it to Quentin, the man was already gone! 
Lily: “?” 
He ran away so quickly? 
What a shame! He was so handsome! 
Lily sighed and got into her car. 
— 
Quentin was someone who belonged in the shadows. 
Apart from a few of the Smiths, very few outsiders knew of him, even fewer had ever met him. Therefore, Lily had never seen Quentin before, despite having lived in the Smiths’ manor for so long. 
Quentin entered the living room. As he watched Lily drive off, he couldn’t help but hold his forehead.
Never mind that his cousin was a weirdo… uh, a genius, but why was everyone around her also so weird? 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. It was at this moment that his cell phone vibrated. He took it out and saw that Nora had sent him a screenshot of a chat. 
On the screenshot was a message that Lily had sent to Nora: “Boss, a thief just went into the Smiths’ manor. By the way, if he gets caught, can you avoid hitting his face? He’s pretty handsome, and he’s my type. It’d be a real shame if anything happens to his face!” 
After sending him the screenshot, Nora also sent him a question mark. 
Quentin: “!!!” 
Quentin was livid! 
How could he possibly be a thief?! How could an inferior creature like a thief possibly be worthy of his position as the ruler of the secret forces?! 
His cousin’s assistant was simply too much! 
— 
Nora had received the message from Lily shortly after she brought Pete into the bedroom. When she saw her describe the thief as a very handsome man, and thought of how infatuated Lily had looked while looking at photos of young male celebrities in the past; she immediately knew that the ‘thief’ she was talking about was Quentin. 
Lily had gone out too suddenly. Quentin had probably been in the car park, so the two of them must have bumped into each other.
After forwarding the screenshot to Quentin, she went to take a shower. 
A short while later, she heard a light knock on the door. The person knocking on the door seemed very cautious. 
Nora yawned and opened the door. It was Quentin. He asked sneakily, “Nora, are you going to the arena?” 
Nora: “?” 
She asked in surprise, “Didn’t we already ask for a day off yesterday?” 
She was taking her kids to the amusement park, so she had informed the arena’s staff the day before that they wouldn’t be competing in any matches that day. 
Quentin replied, “But Victor and the others have matches today. As they say, know the enemy, know thyself, and you will fight a hundred battles with no danger of defeat!” 
Nora yawned again and said sleepily, “You’re right.” 
Quentin was overjoyed. When he was about to say “Let’s go”, Nora clapped down hard on his shoulder and said, “Therefore, I’m leaving this arduous task to you! Only after you know the enemy inside out can you lead the two of us weaklings to beat them!” 
Quentin: “!!!” 
His lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. “Nora, if I recall correctly, you fell asleep at ten last night and only woke up at eleven this morning. You slept for a whole thirteen hours…” 
Nora was surprised. “Really? In that case, I did indeed sleep an hour longer than usual.”
She yawned again. 
For some reason, she had been feeling unusually sleepy lately. 
Quentin: “…” 
His lip corners spasmed again. “Alright, I’ll go!” 
There was no other way. Among the three-man team, one was there just to make up the numbers while the other was Big Sister, who didn’t like to bother about such things. As such, the arduous task could only be entrusted to him now! 
Quentin went to the underground tournament arena. The masked man walked around inside. After saying hi to Linda, he sat in the VIP dining area to watch the match. 
There were three people on Victor’s team. 
They were already challenging Class E teams tonight. 
However, they defeated their opponents in just ten minutes. 
The emcee kept silent for a moment before he finally announced with displeasure, “Team Americans Are Incompetent wins!” 
None of the spectators applauded or cheered. 
Victor and his teammates stood in the ring and shouted arrogantly, “Is there no team that can fight in the USA?” 
The people at the bottom of the ring shouted one after another:
“What are you being so arrogant about? You’ll be up against Team Third In The World tomorrow! Victor, have you already forgotten how No. 028 sent you flying with a kick?” 
“Hahaha, exactly!” 
“Team Third In The World! Team Third In The World!” 
These two powerful teams had shone the brightest in the tournament this year. Even though the two teams looked equally matched, everyone had placed their hopes in Team Third In The World. 
Upon the audience calling out his team’s name, Quentin suddenly stood up in the crowd. With a sharp look in his eyes, he stared at the stage.. Then, he pointed his middle finger at Victor and the other two in the ring!
###Chapter 409: The DNA Test Results Are Out!
Chapter 409: The DNA Test Results Are Out! 
The action was full of contempt. 
Quentin’s actions made everyone excited. 
Everyone jumped onto their feet and pointed their middle fingers at the ring. 
The audience came from all walks of life, but all of them were already part of the working society. Some of them were fathers, while some were mothers. All of their youthful passion had long been erased by society. 
It was so difficult to even hold the tournament itself. Additionally, from the way how Nora had defeated all her opponents with just a single move in the beginning, one could easily see that the contestants in the martial arts tournament didn’t actually have any real substance or skill. 
In the current age of material desires, martial arts might already have become a thing of the past a long time ago. 
No one wanted to practice and train hard from a young age just for the sake of such a martial arts tournament. That was why the Quinn School of Martial Arts and the Irvin School of Martial Arts had such a high status in the pugilistic world—because they were the only two sects who had financial support. Not only did they not charge any tuition fees for practicing martial arts, but they even provided financial subsidies and wages to support the disciples and give them confidence in training. 
Big Brother and Big Sister had, therefore, become these martial arts practitioners’ faith. 
Now, everyone’s thirst for blood was aroused in this instant. 
It was as if those days when they were still young and cocky were right before their eyes. 
Everyone’s eyes were fixed on the ring. All their indignation and humiliation from being insulted just now was gone, and only confidence and passion remained in this instant. 
They firmly believed that the USA’s martial arts would definitely beat the Benevolence Hall! 
When Victor and the other two saw this, all of them frowned. 
They, who were originally the victors, seemed to lose their momentum, and they got out of the ring pathetically. 
“Get off the ring! You traitor!!” 
“A treasonous traitor like you cannot live well for long!” 
“A mere boxing champion actually dares to come here and provoke us? Team Third In The World will teach you how to behave!” 
Amidst everyone’s shouts, Quentin looked at Victor and the other two from the back, his expression turning serious. 
From observing the match just now, he realized that Victor and his teammates had become stronger again. 
Given how strong they were, unless Big Brother joined his team, with just him and Big Sister, they might not actually be able to win. 
With that in mind, Quentin lowered his head, picked up his cell phone, and sent a text message to Nora: ‘Nora, Victor and his teammates have become stronger again. Why don’t we cooperate with Big Brother?’
After sending the message, he continued typing: ‘They were simply too arrogant just now. We must kick their a*ses tomorrow night!’ 
After sending the message, he looked around. Seeing that there wasn’t anything else happening anymore, he got ready to go home. 
Suddenly, he received a text message: ‘Boss, someone is investigating Ms. Nora again.’ 
The message was from someone in the Smiths’ secret forces. 
Quentin’s participation in the tournament was his private affairs, so he hadn’t brought them with him. 
Quentin had instructed the Smiths’ secret forces to keep an eye on Nora and protect her during this recent period of time. They were to report to him immediately if they found any unidentified people looking into her. 
He replied: “I’m coming over right away.” 
He had to ensure his cousin’s safety. 
It might be Big Sister he was protecting, but it only meant that all the more nobodies like them shouldn’t be bothering her! 
After sending the message, he headed to the car park. 
— 
After Victor and his teammates got off the ring and got into the car, they received a call from Abigail. 
“How did it go tonight?” He asked.
Antoine, the bald man, replied, “Piece of cake. It seems like they are very satisfied with Team Third In The World, though, and threatened to have them teach us a lesson tomorrow.” 
Abigail sneered, “Team Third In The World? The name alone already sounds weak. If they can only take third place, then isn’t the champion title still ours in the end?” 
Antoine burst out laughing at once. He looked very confident. 
Victor, who was listening to their conversation, couldn’t help but be a wet blanket. “That woman in the red dress from Team Third In The World is Big Sister.” 
His one-liner threw everyone in the car into silence. 
Seemingly sensing the others’ silence, Abigail sneered, “Has a mere woman frightened you guys witless? Victor, you have to believe in yourself. You’re definitely a match for her now! Even if Big Brother joins them, the three of you can still beat them!” 
Victor lowered his head. “I find that difficult.” 
Antoine sneered, “What’s the matter with you, Vic? Are you actually putting yourself down at a time like this? No wonder people say that you Americans are incompetent. All of you are so thin and weak. It’s obvious at a glance that none of you can put up a fight!” 
The last person among the team of three was also a foreigner. When he heard what Antoine said, he looked at Victor brazenly and burst out laughing. “Hahahaha!” 
Victor’s face darkened. “How about a match between you and I, Antoine? I will show you who the strongest in this team is!” 
Antoine sneered and said nothing.
Antoine was very strong. His strength was on par with Victor’s. However, Victor fought in a way that threw caution to the wind and disregarded his own safety. How would he possibly dare to fight him? 
Besides… 
Antoine found himself a fantastic excuse. “We will be up against Team Third In The World tomorrow. We should not be having an internal conflict at a time like this.” 
Victor wanted to speak, but Abigail interrupted him. “Vic, in your opinion, what are our chances of beating them?” 
Victor slowly replied, “70 – 30.” 
Antoine broke into a grin at once. “That’s more than enough! Victory is pretty much in the bag with a 70% chance of winning.” 
Victor raised his head. The look in his eyes was cold as he said, “What I meant was, our chances of winning are 30% and 70% theirs.” 
Antoine narrowed his eyes. 
Victor said, “I’m the only one who has fought Big Sister before in the tournament. She isn’t to be underestimated. Moreover, she hadn’t used her full strength when she was beating me up that time. No one knows how strong she really is. Besides, there’s also the crazy Smithin helping her out. The man wearing the black mask may look useless, but what if he is also a martial arts expert? We may not necessarily be their match!” 
His analysis made a lot of sense. At last, Antoine and Abigail didn’t dare to mock him anymore. 
Abigail suddenly asked, “Vic, do you want the third dose of the drug?”
Victor’s head whipped up. “Yes!” 
Dim light flickered in the man’s eagle-like eyes. He had to have it! 
Abigail said, “Then think of a way to win the match. Or else, you can forget about ever getting the third dose!” 
Victor clenched his fists. 
He suddenly thought of something and said, “I have a plan…” 
When he finished, Abigail and Antoine kept quiet for a while. The next moment, Abigail laughed and said, “Not bad, you have potential, kid! Do as Vic says!” 
— 
At the Smiths. 
As Nora’s mind was on Lily’s test results, she practically opened her eyes and woke up the very instant Lily’s message came. 
Next to her, Pete even glanced at her in surprise because she had woken up. 
Nora stretched and turned on the phone. Sure enough, she saw the message from Lily: “The test results are out. I’ve emailed them to you..”
###Chapter 410: Blood For Blood!
Chapter 410: Blood For Blood! 
Lily was very fast and efficient. 
Nora was about to open her email inbox when violent knocking suddenly came from the door. 
Nora was surprised. 
Pete slipped out of the bed and ran over to open the door. It was Joel. 
A puzzled Pete asked, “What’s the matter, Uncle Joel?” 
Joel was aware that Nora was always sleepy, and needed twelve hours of sleep a day. Why would he come over and disturb her rest when it was only seven o’clock in the morning? 
Joel asked, “Is your Mommy awake? Can you wake her up? I have something very important to talk to her about.” 
Nora, who had also realized the urgency of the matter, quickly changed and walked over. “What’s wrong, Joel?” 
Joel frowned when he saw her. He asked, “Quentin is missing. Did you ask him to do anything for you?” 
Nora’s heart sank. 
At last, she understood why Joel had come over so early in the morning. 
A grave look came over her countenance. “I didn’t, but he went to the tournament arena last night.”
She picked up her cell phone at this point, upon which she saw the two messages that Quentin had sent her some time past eleven o’clock the previous night. However, the two messages didn’t give her any clues. 
She frowned. “Might he be resting somewhere?” 
“No.” 
Joel spoke with certainty. “Quentin’s identity is special. There aren’t many people who know of his existence. Because he only comes into contact with the people from Smiths’ secret forces, and everything he does is dangerous, he has to report his itinerary to me on time every day. When I didn’t receive his report this morning, I knew at once that something has gone wrong. It was only when I contacted the people from the secret forces that I found out Quentin had already lost contact with them last night!” 
The previous night… 
Nora wanted to ask more questions, but Joel had turned and gone downstairs. “I’m going to the arena.” 
Nora did not dare to waste any time. She grabbed the baseball cap hanging at the side and put it on. Then, she took a face mask and followed him downstairs. 
A man was standing downstairs respectfully. He looked relatively young, but he had an anxious look on his face at the moment. When he saw Joel coming downstairs, he asked anxiously, “Mr. Smith, is there any news about Boss?” 
Joel shook his head. 
Nora, however, paused slightly. By calling him ‘boss’… 
He must be Quentin’s subordinate.
She immediately asked, “When did Quentin last contact you?” 
The subordinate replied, “At 11 o’clock last night. After I told him that I had something to report to him, Boss said that he would come over immediately. I waited and waited, he didn’t show up. Where did he go?” 
Nora frowned. “Has this ever happened before?” 
Joel and the subordinate both replied, “Never!” 
Although Quentin looked like he had eighth-grader syndrome, he was actually a very responsible man deep down. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have served the Smiths as a shadow hiding in the dark for so many years. 
He handled things carefully and cautiously and had never made any mistake all these years. 
But the more that was so, the deeper Nora’s heart sank. 
To be honest, she was hoping that Quentin had just irresponsibly gone to an Internet cafe somewhere to have fun, or hidden somewhere to sleep in. 
She took a deep breath and exchanged a look with Joel. She said, “Let’s split up and look for him.” 
Joel nodded. 
Nora left the manor and drove straight to the arena. At the same time, she also made a call to the Quinn School of Martial Arts. It was Lucas, the person in charge of the Quinn School of Martial Arts’s general affairs, who picked up. He said, “You’re looking for me this early in the morning, Big Sister? What a rare occasion this is…” 
But before he could finish, Nora had already interrupted him. She instructed, “Assemble everyone in the Quinn School of Martial Arts and launch a city-wide search for Quentin! Aka Smithin from the tournament!” 
Lucas was taken aback. “What happened?” 
Nora replied, “I suspect something has happened to him.” 
Lucas’s voice immediately turned grave. He said promptly and decisively, “Understood.” 
Lucas then said, “I will also contact the martial arts association and ask their staff to search for him. We also have a lot of people taking part in the tournament. Someone may have seen something…” 
“Okay. Let me know if you find out anything. Keep your phone reachable at all times!” 
“Understood.” 
After hanging up, Nora thought for a moment and called Justin. 
New York was the Smiths’ and the Hunts’ turf. 
Everyone in the Smiths was already out looking for Quentin. If the Hunts also dispatched their men, they would have an even higher chance of finding Quentin. 
She wasn’t going to care about whether it would embarrass the Smiths or the Hunts at a time like this! 
Justin picked up the call very quickly. He was likely very awake. He didn’t sound as teasing as usual, either. Instead, his voice was low and deep as he asked seriously, “What’s wrong?” 
The fact that Nora had woken up so early was indicative that something must have gone wrong.
For some reason, Nora calmed down when she heard his voice. She stared ahead of her and slowly replied, “Quentin is missing.” 
Justin was undoubtedly one of the few who knew of Quentin’s existence. 
Moreover, Justin and Quentin had fought side by side so many times, so he was even more familiar with him than other people. 
Justin didn’t say anything unnecessary. He immediately said, “Don’t worry, I will send everyone out to search for him right away.” 
“Yeah.” 
After Nora responded, she hesitated for a moment and kept quiet. 
Justin asked, “Are you suspecting something?” 
Nora nodded, her eyes staring straight ahead of her in a daze. “He went missing at the tournament, but there are far and few there who can beat him in a fight. It’s very likely that he has been abducted by people from the Benevolence Hall.” 
Upon hearing that, Justin immediately said, “I’ll head to the Benevolence Hall and ask for him!” 
“Okay.” 
At this point, Nora hesitated for a moment before she finally asked hoarsely, “Will… he be alright?” 
If the Benevolence Hall wanted the champion title in the tournament, they could just attack any of the members of Team Third In The World when they were alone! 
This was what Nora had concluded after analyzing the situation!
She suddenly became a little scared! 
She was scared that something would really happen to Quentin… 
After all, a whole night had already passed! 
When she thought of that, she said, “He asked me to go with him to observe the match last night, but I didn’t…” 
For the first time, she hated the way she needed so much sleep, leading to her not being by his side. 
Perhaps because he could sense what she was thinking, Justin said, “The three of us aren’t joined at the hip. There will always be times when we are alone.” 
Nora knew that, but she simply couldn’t convince herself otherwise. 
She stared straight ahead of her, bloodthirsty murderous intent forming in her eyes. “If anything happens to Quentin, I will make the Benevolence Hall pay for it in blood!” 
Justin did not comfort her. He merely said, “I will do it with you.” 
Half an hour after all their forces were dispatched. 
Nora finally received a call from Justin. “We’ve found him.” 
His voice was so low that Nora’s heart sank. For some reason, anxiety arose in her. 
Her voice was practically trembling as she asked, “Where is he? Is he… still alive?”
###Chapter 411: Saving Him!
Chapter 411: Saving Him! 
Screeeeech! 
Nora drove the jeep like it was a sports car, and rushed to the Hunt Corporation’s Hospital Finest. She went straight to the VIP operating room. 
Quentin had been placed on a stretcher and was being carried into the operating room. 
Although the man was already 25 years old, perhaps because he had been living in the shadows all year round, he was pale and looked very much like a young teen. 
However, the eyes of the man, who was somewhat of an eighth-grader and whose chin was always lifted high, were closed. His long eyelashes were covered in crusted blood. 
His arms and legs on either side of his body were bent weirdly. It was obvious at first glance that someone had broken his bones. 
The man’s chest didn’t move as he lay there, as though he wasn’t even breathing anymore. 
Nora couldn’t catch her breath at that moment. She slowly came forward. 
“He’s still alive.” 
Justin repeated what he had said on the phone. However, those three words were only a reflection of his current state. 
Nora knew without even looking that all the bones in Quentin’s limbs were probably broken. The bloodstains on his chest also indicated that several of his ribs were broken.
The young man merely lay there, but his appearance made the hearts of everyone present break. 
Nora’s jaw tensed up. As she took step after step and walked over, she practically shouted, “Who did it?” 
Justin said, “We don’t have any evidence.” 
They all knew very well who had done it, but since Abigail had the guts to do it, it meant that he had already done all the prep work and left no traces. 
Nora clenched her fists. 
At this point, Joel, who had been informed, also hurried over. When he saw Quentin, murderous intent instantly filled the man’s eyes. 
Was the reason why Joel didn’t always bring eighteen bodyguards with him whenever he was out like Justin that he was not in as much danger as Justin? 
Of course not! 
As the heads of the two biggest families of New York, Joel and Justin were of equally high status and power! He had affected so many people’s sources of income over the years that one couldn’t even keep count anymore. 
People who wanted him dead were everywhere! 
The only reason why he could be so relaxed despite that was that he had Quentin secretly protecting him! 
Quentin was a member of the Smiths’ secret forces, but he was also one of the brothers he trusted the most! 
Joel stared hard at him. Then, he suddenly looked at Nora and said, “Save him first. We’ll talk later.”
“Yeah.” 
Given how serious his injuries were, they were fortunate that Nora was here, because ordinary doctors wouldn’t have been able to treat his injuries at all! Nora took a deep breath and closed her eyes. 
She tried her best to tell herself to keep calm. 
Her hands, which were shaking from fury, slowly regained their steadiness. Her breathing also gradually became even. 
Two minutes later, she finally opened her eyes suddenly and said straight to Joel, “Tell my medical team to come here right away!” 
Only the most professional personnel could treat injuries as serious as Quentin’s! 
Quentin took top priority now! 
Joel nodded. 
Nora had already taken the lead and entered the operating room. 
Quentin’s bones all over his body were broken, and he was severely comatose. If they didn’t fix his joints and clear the congested blood in his chest in time, Quentin’s life would be at risk! 
In the operating room. 
When Lily entered, she saw her stony-faced boss operating on the patient seriously. 
On the ECG monitor at the side, the patient’s heart rate had already dropped to 40… 38… The ECG was sending out warning beeps. 
“The patient’s heart rate is decreasing!”
The insensible young nurse at the side exclaimed. 
However, they couldn’t perform CPR on Quentin because his ribs were broken! If they applied any more pressure there, the broken bones might pierce straight through his heart! 
“It’s hopeless…” 
The doctor at the side murmured. 
Lily was also astonished. He was the most seriously injured patient she had ever seen. He looked as if he had been run over by a truck. There probably wasn’t any part of him that wasn’t wounded! 
This was definitely the hardest challenge in Anti’s career so far! 
Nora ignored them all. Instead, she ordered, “Lily, the cardiotonic drug!” 
Lily finally came back to her senses. She took out the cardiotonic drug that her boss had developed, and injected it into the drip bottle. The cardiotonic drug she was using was different from the one commonly used in hospitals. 
As soon as she injected the drug into the bottle, Quentin’s heartbeat stabilized at 40… 
As Nora made incision after incision and dealt with his injuries, Quentin’s blood slowly flowed out of the wounds. Lily opened up another two blood transfusion channels in time. 
Blood bags were constantly being sent in to the Hospital Finest’s blood bank. 
After the operation, when Lily calculated how much blood was involved, she found that they had actually changed the entire blood in Quentin’s body twice!
Quentin also went into critical condition five times during the operation, but Nora calmly pulled him back from the otherworld each time! She made countless incisions and joined countless bones for him. 
Innumerable metal nails were inserted into Quentin’s bones to keep them in place. 
The operation lasted from nine in the morning to half-past ten at night… 
Thanks to Nora’s solid skills, Quentin managed to survive. 
However, he was not out of danger yet. After exiting the operating room, he was pushed into the ICU, where the hospital personnel monitored his condition 24 hours a day. 
When Nora finally walked out of the operating room, she was close to collapsing. 
Perspiration flowed out of the unbreathable surgical gown at the bottom. Her trousers were soaked through, and her shoes were wet. All of this showed that she hadn’t actually been as calm and relaxed as how she had seemed. 
The moment she came out, Justin held her arm and supported her. 
He made her sit on a bench in the corridor and handed her a chocolate bar and bread that could quickly replenish her energy. 
Nora took off her gloves, picked up the bread with her fingers that had turned pale from being soaked in sweat, and chomped into it fiercely. 
Joel was currently directing his men to surround the Benevolence Hall. However, Abigail had called the police, so the police were protecting them at the moment. Unless the Smiths could produce evidence, they were not allowed to do anything rash. 
Joel slammed his fist into the wall. “How dare he? How dare he?!”
No one dared to offend the Smiths or the Hunts in New York, especially in ways like this that tortured one to death! 
The frowning Justin was also puzzled. 
To be honest, when Nora had asked him in the day if Quentin would die, he had replied, “No, he won’t. If they just want to win the tournament, breaking Quentin’s leg would do. There isn’t any need for them to create any extra trouble. If they kill him, this would thoroughly turn into a life and death feud!” 
But based on Quentin’s appearance, the Benevolence Hall had clearly shown no mercy! 
Justin was also terribly perplexed—because Quentin’s injuries didn’t look like they wanted to kill him. Rather, it looked more like… they were interrogating him! 
That’s right! Such tricks were used only when one was interrogating criminals! 
Breaking one’s bones inch by inch to make them talk… 
Just as he and Joel were both perplexed, Nora looked at them and said, “I know what’s going on.” 
Both men looked at Nora. 
Nora swallowed the last bite of the bread. The bread tore her throat, but it was as if she didn’t feel it at all. 
“When I was trying to save Quentin, he woke up for a moment and said a few words to me..”
###Chapter 412: Revenge!
Chapter 412: Revenge! 
Nora then said word by word, “During the surgery, Quentin woke up for a moment and said a few words.” 
Her gaze was a little straight. 
The fingers were connected to the heart. 
When she was bandaging Quentin’s hand, he had woken up from the pain. When he opened his eyes, he did not even seem to know where he was. 
However, after seeing Nora, his lips curled up. He opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but because of the injuries on his chest, he could not say anything. 
However, Nora could read his lips. 
He said, “Nora, they interrogated me about who Big Sister is, but I didn’t say anything.” 
At that moment, Nora’s heart clenched tightly!! 
During the operation, she was actually thinking about it. 
Benevolence Hall knew the Smiths’ power. Actually, there was no need to fight the Smiths head-on in New York. If they wanted to win the martial arts competition, they only needed to break one of Quentin’s legs or cripple him. 
After the incident, if no one died and they still had dealings with each other, they could not go overboard. 
But Quentin was too miserable.
She could almost imagine the person stepping on Quentin’s finger and asking him, “Who is Big Sister? Are you going to tell me now?” 
Quentin was still as arrogant as ever. He smirked and scolded the other party, “It’s your grandmother!” 
Crack… 
His fingers shattered. 
One inch at a time, one step at a time… Quentin had been abused for seven hours at night while she slept!! 
His skin could never be repaired! 
Nora closed her eyes. 
She suddenly stood up and walked out. 
When she passed by Joel, she felt like she had forgotten something. She seemed to have not read an important report this morning. 
However, she could not care less now. 
There was only one thought in her mind. 
Revenge. 
Blood for blood!! 
— 
In the underground arena.
The staff member waited anxiously at the door and craned his neck to look out. 
For some reason, no one from team Third in The World came tonight. 
They had arranged for the competition to be pushed back hour by hour, but the other party had still not arrived yet. 
He took out his phone and called the three of them one by one, but none of their calls went through. 
Another staff member glanced at the three people sitting in the VIP dining area and could not help but ask, “Could it be that they don’t dare to come?” 
“No way.” 
The staff member answered firmly. 
Big Brother was among the three of them. How could he not come?! 
However, as soon as he said that, the person beside him called Antoine couldn’t help but mock: “Tsk, it’s almost 11 PM. Don’t tell me team Third in The World has given up and doesn’t dare to come?” 
He spoke in a foreign language, but this person had brought along an English translator tonight. Every time he spoke, the translator would shout, causing the surrounding people to look at him angrily. 
Victor lowered his eyes and smiled. “We were too fierce yesterday.” 
In between the lines, he was saying that team Third in The World had deserted the match at the last minute! 
Everyone was furious as they looked at them and said, “What are you guys being so arrogant for? You’ll be beaten like a dog in the water later!”
“That’s right. Didn’t you just win a few rounds? Do you have to be so arrogant?!” 
Antoine replied, “Why isn’t team Third in The World here then?” 
These words made the people below begin to discuss. 
“What’s going on with team Third in The World?” 
“Did something delay them?” 
“Yesterday, Smithin even gave them the middle finger. It’s impossible for him to not come with that arrogant attitude! Smithin has never been afraid of anyone since the competition began! Furthermore, he might not necessarily lose against them!” 
“Is 028 afraid? Or is 820 afraid? What’s going on?” 
“…” 
Amidst the discussions, Victor stood up. “It’s already 11 PM. Today’s competition is about to end. If they still haven’t arrived, this should be considered a forfeit, right?” 
Antoine smiled. “Of course! But that’s meaningless. Isn’t there anyone here who can fight?” 
Victor narrowed his eyes and smiled. “Of course. Although we don’t have team Third in The World, we still have Big Brother, right? The venue is hot tonight, and there are still so many people waiting here. Why don’t we let Big Brother come out and compete?” 
He did not say one-on-one.
This was because they definitely could not win in a one-on-one battle. But they were a team, and they were fighting in a team competition. Other than team Third in The World, they were not afraid of anyone! 
The others immediately said, “Yes, get Big Brother out! Let Big Brother teach those three guys a lesson for not knowing the immensity of heaven and earth!” 
“Big Brother! Big Brother!” 
Everyone shouted. 
When the staff member heard this, he became even more anxious. Where was Big Brother? Big Brother was in team Third in The World! 
He smiled awkwardly and said, “Big Brother isn’t here tonight.” 
“Not here?” 
Victor interrupted him. “Are you serious? He was just taking a photo with someone in the lounge. Big Brother didn’t even participate in a competition this year. Could it be that he has become a mascot after not participating in a competition for a few years?” 
The staff member: “!!” 
Wasn’t that fake the mascot? He was even a Fortune Cat! 
But what should he say now? 
As he was frowning, Victor suddenly changed the topic and looked at Linda in the crowd. “Big Brother is hiding and doesn’t dare to come out. Why don’t you come up and spar with us, Big Sister?” 
Linda, who was pretending to be Big Sister: “…”
Last time, she had been pushed off the stage. 
If she did not go on stage this time, Big Sister’s name would probably be ruined by her. 
Linda immediately shouted, “I’m sorry, everyone. I’m only a third-generation disciple of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, not Big Sister!” 
The staff member: “…” 
He was originally hoping for Big Sister to save the situation! But in the end, Big Sister was also a fake?! 
What should he do now? 
As he thought about this, Antoine sneered. “Tsk, Big Sister is fake. Big Brother is hiding in the lounge and not coming out. Is there anyone else in New York who can fight?” 
Victor also stared at the time and slowly said, “Team Third in The World hasn’t arrived yet. Can we just assume that they have admitted defeat?” 
The staff member looked at the time and said stubbornly, “There are still two minutes.” 
Victor sneered. “Alright, you really won’t cry until you see the coffin!” 
The rest all stared at the door. 
Everyone’s chests were filled with anticipation and enthusiasm. 
Team Third in The World… 
Smithin, come quickly!
As time passed, the light in everyone’s eyes gradually dimmed. 
Were martial arts really useless? 
“There’s still half a minute!” Victor mocked. “Do you need me to count down for you?” 
A hoarse female voice suddenly sounded from the door. “Countdown for your death?” 
Upon hearing this, everyone turned their heads and saw a slender red-dressed girl slowly walk into the competition venue!
###Chapter 413: Big Brother and Big Sister Joining Forces!
Chapter 413: Big Brother and Big Sister Joining Forces! 
The girl was wearing a red dress, a silver mask, and a pair of white flats. As she walked like she was dragging something, her waist moved lazily, making her look especially solemn. 
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief. “028, you’re finally here!” 
The staff member looked behind her anxiously, but no one was following. 
He was stunned. “Where’s Smithin and Big… 820?” 
Only then did the others notice that she was the only one who had come. The other two members of Third In The World did not come over. 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
When she thought of Quentin’s appearance, her almond eyes flashed with coldness and bloodthirsty killing intent. 
At this moment, there was another sound of footsteps. 
Justin, who was wearing a black mask, walked in with big steps in a suit. When he entered and saw Nora, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
“820 has arrived too!” 
Everyone sighed. “Where’s the other person?”
In a team competition, one definitely had to rely on the advantage in numbers. With one less person, the chances of winning would be very small. Furthermore, Victor and the other two were all very powerful. Unless it was Big Sister and Big Brother who went on stage, it was absolutely impossible to win. 
The staff hesitated as well. “Why is there one less person?” 
Victor knew the truth and sneered. “Big Sister, I’m afraid Smithin won’t be able to come, right?” 
Big Sister? 
These three people caused a long uproar! 
Everyone looked at Nora and whispered in disbelief. 
“Is this Big Sister?” 
“Oh my god, so she’s Big Sister!” 
“No wonder, no wonder 028 could defeat the enemy with one punch! She’s actually Big Sister!” 
“Big Sister! Big Sister!” 
Everyone around shouted excitedly. 
Nora clenched her fists and narrowed her eyes slightly. Although she had exposed her identity as Big Sister, she was still wearing a mask. It was nothing. 
However, Victor’s words made her gaze turn even colder. 
Initially, Quentin’s matter was only speculation and there was no evidence to confirm that it was done by Benevolence Hall. However, Victor’s words convinced her. 
She lowered her eyes and walked towards the ring step by step.
Each step seemed to carry the weight of two people. 
When Quentin woke up, he had said two words. 
The first sentence was, “Nora, they asked me who Big Sister is, but I didn’t say.” 
The second sentence was, “You have to win.” 
Quentin took this competition very seriously because it not only concerned his personal honor, but also the entire martial arts world! 
Nora’s gaze gradually became firm as she stood on the familiar ring. 
Since he wanted to win, she had to win it for him! 
She would bring Quentin’s anticipation and win a beautiful fight tonight! 
When Victor saw this scene, he couldn’t help but laugh. He’d intentionally exposed the other party’s identity as Big Sister! 
Because only by defeating Big Sister would they be able to defeat martial arts! 
However, Big Sister was not enough! 
Victor suddenly raised his voice and shouted, “Since Big Sister is already on the stage, where’s Big Brother? Aren’t you being rude if you don’t come out? Or is Big Brother worse than a woman and doesn’t dare to go on stage? Are you a man?” 
Victor could not take it anymore. The pretty boy on the stage was not even worth mentioning. 
If he didn’t call Big Brother out to join in the fun at this moment, wouldn’t he have schemed against Quentin for nothing? 
If the three of them could defeat Big Brother and Big Sister, they would be famous! 
The surrounding people looked at the lounge as someone shouted, “Big Brother, Smithin isn’t here. Make up the numbers for Third In The World!” 
“Big Brother, it’s time to protect the honor of martial arts. Are you still not coming out?” 
Big Brother… Big Brother… Big Brother… 
Countless people were shouting the words “Big Brother”, making the entire martial arts arena hot. 
However, the door to the lounge did not open for a long time. 
Antoine couldn’t help but laugh. “The previous champion is terrified too. It looks like the three of us have really given martial arts some pressure. He’s really inferior to Big Sister! The men in New York are all so cowardly!” 
“Is that so?” 
Accompanied by Antoine’s mocking voice, Justin, who was following Nora, also went up the stage. His voice was very low and cold, but it was a little relaxed. “Later, I will make you unable to even call yourself a man.” 
With this sentence, Justin stood beside Nora. The two of them stood side by side. 
The moment he spoke, everyone fell silent and looked at him in confusion. 
The staff explained, “Everyone, the person in the lounge is indeed a mascot. The real Big Brother is 820!”
“…” 
“Whoosh!” Suddenly, the entire venue fell silent! 
Everyone looked at the stage in disbelief. 
028 was Big Sister. 
820 was Big Brother. 
This world was too unreal?! 
But for some reason, everyone felt their blood boil! 
It was as if as long as Big Sister and Big Brother were around, tonight’s competition would be a small matter!! 
Nora was also slightly shocked. 
Under such grief and indignation, she turned to look at Justin. 
There was shock and hesitation in her eyes. 
Justin thought of her various opinions about Big Brother and couldn’t help but explain softly, “Nora, I…” 
Before he could finish, Nora interrupted him. “If you don’t win the competition, I’ll break your legs!” 
“…” Justin choked. “Okay.” 
“Long live Big Brother!” 
“Big Sister is mighty and domineering!”
“Destroy them! Kill them! Show them the essence of martial arts!” 
No one in the crowd below called their names, but they began to shout. 
In the beginning, only one or two people were shouting. But gradually, all the spectators joined in. 
The sound was loud and deafening! 
Everyone looked at the two people on stage. 
It was unusual that Big Brother did not carry the child to participate in the competition today. The two of them stood there alone, and the handsome man and beautiful woman were especially eye-catching. 
The two of them looked thin on the outside but were actually very muscular. In particular, Justin took off his clothes to reveal his muscular body. 
The three people standing opposite them, including Victor, had all trained their muscles well. Especially Antoine, who was 1.95 meters tall and weighed 150 kilograms. Every step he took seemed to be able to make the arena tremble. 
Justin and Nora stood in front of the three of them, looking very thin. 
However, just the two of them gave the opponents enough pressure. 
Victor never expected that the pretty boy holding a child in team Third In The World and skiving in every competition would be Big Brother! 
Was he shooting himself in the foot?!
He looked at the other two. Suddenly, Antoine smiled.. “Tsk, do you not even have enough people to compete? How are you going to fight us?”
###Chapter 414: Revenge!!
Chapter 414: Revenge!! 
Nora looked at him coldly. “The two of us can beat you until you kneel down and beg for mercy. You’ll be looking for your teeth all over the ground!” 
These two words were the original words in Quentin’s text message. 
Antoine sneered and said, “But this is against the rules.” 
He looked directly at the staff member. “The other team doesn’t have enough people. We can’t compete! We have to disqualify them! This competition can only be considered our victory! Unless they can immediately find someone!” 
The three of them had been confident that they would win. 
But when they found out that the two people opposite were the current Big Brother and Big Sister, who were at the top of the martial arts world, they became afraid! 
Therefore, these were just excuses! 
His sharp gaze swept across everyone present. “But does anyone dare to come forward and die?” 
Victor and the other two fought very intensely. Those who had fought with them had suffered heavy injuries. It would take a month for them to go back on stage. 
After Antoine said that, he warned everyone: Whoever dares to go on stage will be killed first! 
Antoine’s words were actually very intimidating, and he was not talking nonsense.
The strengths of Victor and the others were formidable. Even if they were unable to defeat Big Sister and Big Brother, they were still able to easily stop them for a while. 
Therefore, whoever dared to pool numbers with Nora and Justin had to be prepared to be beaten up violently! 
Moreover, Antoine took a step forward and said, “If anyone dares to come on stage to make up the numbers—Victor, stop that Big Brother. Shaun, stop that Big Sister. Leave the one on stage to me! I’ll let him see what it means to live a life worse than death!” 
With that, he reached out and clenched his fists, making terrifying cracking sounds. 
His savage gaze swept down. 
He had thought that not many people would dare to go on stage. 
However, he did not expect Linda to be the first to speak after he threatened them. “I… I’ll make up the numbers!” 
Nora looked at her in surprise. 
Linda scratched her honest head. “I’m fat and resistant to beatings. Big Sister, take care of the others first before helping me! I’ll definitely hold on until you save me!” 
Following that, someone else said: 
“Me too!” 
“Me too!” 
“Let me do it! Disciples of Irvin School of Martial Arts are agile and can run! I’ll hide in the ring until Big Sister and Big Brother can save me!”
“I’m from the Quinn School of Martial Arts. I’ll take the beating!” 
“Big Sister, choose me!” 
“Big Brother, look at me!” 
Everyone recommended themselves and extended their hands one by one, letting Nora and Justin choose. 
At this moment, in the face of a powerful foreign enemy, Quinn School of Martial Arts and Irvin School of Martial Arts had set aside their years of grudges and united against the enemy! 
But how could Nora let them come up and die? 
She lowered her eyes. 
They had originally planned to kill these three people in the ring to avenge Quentin. 
After all, the ring had no eyes, and accidents can happen anywhere, especially in a fighting match! 
They had all signed an agreement before the competition. 
However, if she ended up harming her own people instead… then she would rather lose this competition and break the law to kill these three people! 
She had just said that today would be their death date! 
She glanced at Justin and had yet to speak when Justin nodded. “We can admit defeat, they won’t be able to get off this stage.” 
Obviously, he understood her choice.
At this moment, Nora seemed to have returned to the moment when she was in the police station. 
This man clearly knew how big his offense was, but he still helped her escape without hesitation to save Old Maddy. 
She clenched her fists and wanted to say something, but Justin said indifferently, “Don’t worry and do it. I’ll make it even.” 
In New York, in the underworld, Justin was not someone to be trifled with! 
Nora nodded and suddenly said, “We admit…” 
Before she could say the word “defeat,” she heard another voice say, “I’ll do it!” 
The two of them turned their heads in unison and saw a stern-looking man walking into the ring. He was wearing an eagle face mask, and he seemed to have an aura of justice as he walked. 
“007!” 
Someone recognized him and exclaimed, “He was the runner-up in the previous competition! In the finals, he didn’t come because he had something on! He’s damn good!” 
Everyone stopped fighting to go on stage. One by one, they took a step back and left the stage for the team. Then, they shouted, “Team Third In The World! Destroy them!” 
“…” 
The mood of the onlookers instantly reached its peak. 
This made Victor and the others feel oppressed. The three of them looked at each other in panic. 
The situation tonight had exceeded their expectations.
Before this panic could subside, the referee took the opportunity to shout, “The competition between team Third In The World and team Americans Are Incompetent begins now!” 
With his whistle, Nora took the initiative to attack for the first time!! 
Previously, during the competition, Nora was more passive. She would only attack when the other party came to attack her. However, at this moment, she charged at Antoine aggressively! 
Antoine was the fiercest and most powerful of the three. 
Therefore, he never expected that this little girl would choose him. He quickly came back to his senses and calmed down. Even if she was some Big Sister, her skills were probably exaggerated. How powerful could she be? 
He sneered and welcomed her. The two of them punched and kicked at the same time, grabbing hold of each other. 
Antoine couldn’t help but laugh when he saw her slender left hand grip his fist. “I broke Smithin’s arm with three hits. What about yours? Do you want to try?” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed suddenly. Her voice was calm. “Then let’s try.” 
“Try what?” 
Antoine froze. 
Nora suddenly retracted her hand. “See how many hits I need to break your bones!” 
With that, she suddenly sped up and hammered his arm!
The punch was powerful and fast, stunning Antoine. However, when the punch hit his arm, it only caused him a sharp pain, and his bones did not feel like they were being broken. 
After being stunned for a moment, he shook his arm and sneered. “Tsk, Big Sister, did you not eat? Is that all you have?” 
Nora ignored him. She turned around and kicked him again! 
Antoine dodged, but unfortunately, this kick landed on the spot where he had been hit. 
The double pain made his arm feel a little numb, but he still did not care. He thought it was just a coincidence. 
But when the third hit came, hitting the same spot, Antoine finally seemed to realize something. 
Nora became faster and faster. Antoine’s body was huge, and he had already lost his ability to attack. He could only dodge in all directions. However, the fourth, fifth, sixth time… they still hit the same spot! 
Antoine’s arm hurt more and more.. Every time he was hit, the pain would double…
###Chapter 415: Big Sister is Angry!
Chapter 415: Big Sister is Angry! 
Cold sweat broke out on Antoine’s forehead. 
It was only when the pain in his arm reached its peak that he suddenly understood something. 
He had hit Quentin’s arm three times, which meant that his arm had been broken after being attacked three times. However, this woman clearly wanted to attack him many times to double the pain!! 
He was furious and roared, “Shaun! Come and help! Switch!” 
His body was huge and happened to be restrained by the petite but agile Nora! 
Victor and Shaun could barely take care of themselves at this moment because they had already been entangled by Justin and 007. 
Justin’s attack was very light. It was obvious that he had only held back Shaun and did not attack ruthlessly. 
007 was a little puzzled as he fought back and forth with Victor. Victor was indeed an expert, but 007 was not someone to be trifled with, either. The winner could not be determined among the two of them in a short period of time. 
Bam! 
Crack! 
Upon 25th hit on the same spot on his arm, the bones in Antoine’s arm finally shattered! The pain suddenly hit him and made him sway.
Then, Nora seemed to have finally had enough. She flew up and kicked his head! 
He only felt a buzzing sound and his entire head shook. Then, Nora punched his other arm ruthlessly! 
Crack! 
The bones in his arm cracked again! 
Antoine was finally certain! 
It was not that Nora could not knock him down with one punch. She was torturing him! 
Antoine roared and flung his arm angrily as he rushed over to Nora. With his 150kg weight, he could still crush Nora half to death! 
Before he could reach Nora, Nora had already attacked again. She kicked his calf heavily! 
Crack! 
Bam! 
Antoine fell to the ground! 
Immediately, Nora grabbed one of his arms and twisted it back forcefully! 
Crack! 
His two arms limped by his sides as he fell onto the ring! 
Antoine struggled to stand up, but he could not move at all. He lay there like a lump of meat. 
Blood had already spurted out of his mouth as he muttered, “I admit defeat…”
However, Nora acted as if she did not hear him at all. She kicked him ruthlessly again and kept kicking him at the side! 
Crack! 
Antoine’s ribs were broken, and a bone had punctured his lungs. He could not breathe properly and fell to the ground twitching. 
No one came forward to help him or save him in time. 
After all, everyone knew that he could not be saved. 
Nora no longer had the aftereffect of killing someone. She only glanced at Antoine coldly before turning around and walking toward Justin. 
“Move.” 
The woman’s cold voice made Justin suddenly stop his fists and move away. 
It was only at this moment that 007 and the audience realized that Justin had not been serious earlier because he wanted to leave this person to Nora! 
Shaun clearly felt it too. He glanced at Antoine, who had collapsed on the ring, and looked at the woman in front of him again. 
Her red dress made her look like a demon from hell! 
All of his aura and courage seemed to have been sucked away in an instant. He turned around and ran. “I admit…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Nora’s fist had already arrived!
Bam! 
Shaun’s nose broke from the punch. 
Nora grabbed his shoulder and asked softly, “Tell me, where did you hit Quentin?” 
Quentin? 
Was it that guy from last night? 
Shaun choked and finally understood something. He shouted in fear, “I didn’t do anything. I only helped hold him down. I didn’t do anything! The ones who really did it were Victor and Antoine! I really didn’t do anything!” 
However, the coldness in Nora’s eyes did not disappear. 
She lowered her eyes and acknowledged him calmly. Then, she straightened her body and suddenly grabbed his arm. 
Shaun widened his eyes in panic. He heard Nora slowly say, “Then I won’t let you move either.” 
With that, the girl exerted force! 
Crack! 
Shaun’s arm was broken. 
The tearing pain made him open his mouth and scream! 
The people watching below seemed to understand something from their conversation. Linda couldn’t help but ask Justin, who was standing at the side, “Big Brother, what happened to Smithin?”
Justin lowered his eyes and said in a deep voice, “All the bones in his body have shattered. Although he managed to survive, he can’t feel anything below his neck.” 
It was because of this that he understood Nora’s anger. 
Quentin had been tortured for an entire night before his bones broke inch by inch! 
“…” 
Everyone fell silent. 
Five seconds later, Linda’s choked voice was heard. “Kill them!” 
“Kill them!” 
Everyone began to roar. “Kill them! Kill these animals!!” 
Only 007 understood something and immediately looked at Nora. He warned, “Murder is illegal!” 
“I know.” 
Nora replied calmly, but under 007’s gaze, she did not say anything else or make any unnecessary movements. She gave Shaun a quick death by breaking his neck! 
Shaun fell. 
Nora looked at Victor in the end. 
007 was stunned. 
At this moment, he and Victor were both injured. He’d always thought that this was only a showdown of honor, but he never expected that two lives would be lost so easily.
Victor was already in a panic and had lost all will to fight. At this moment, the girl was expressionless. In his eyes, she was like an alluring goddess from hell! 
He trembled and retreated. “I… I admit defeat. Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me!” 
However, before he could reach the edge of the ring, he was blocked by Nora. 
When 007 saw this situation, he wanted to stop them, but Justin stopped him. “Captain Ford, you have to follow the rules here.” 
007’s pupils shrank. He knew that Justin had recognized him. 
It was just like how he had already recognized Justin and Nora. 
However, as a member of the special department, he could not watch Nora kill people! 
He was about to say something when Justin stopped him again. “Accidents happen inside fighting rings all the time!” 
Morris: !! 
His brows drew together tightly. 
Before he could say anything, Nora had already grabbed Victor. Before Victor could react, she had broken one of his legs and two of his arms! 
It was only at this moment that Victor finally understood the difference between him and Big Sister. 
No one could stop the furious Big Sister. 
But he did not want to die.
He suddenly looked at 007. He had just heard Justin call out 007’s identity and immediately shouted, “Don’t kill me.. I… I can tell you a secret!”
###Chapter 416: Email!
Chapter 416: Email! 
Morris had come to the underground arena because he had heard that Victor’s strength had increased drastically in a short time. Therefore, he had specially come to investigate thinking about the human experiments. 
After Victor shouted, Morris understood what he meant. He immediately looked at Nora. “No… Big Sister, give me some face and spare his life!” 
Spare his life? 
Impossible! 
Victor was the mastermind behind this matter! 
Nora was thinking about it when Victor seemed to realize what she was thinking. He shouted, “Big Sister, it wasn’t me. I did catch Quentin, but I just wanted to break one of his legs so that he can’t participate in the competition! I have no grudges against him. Why would I be so ruthless and make the Smiths chase me down all over the world? It really wasn’t me!” 
Hearing this, Nora looked at him. 
When Victor saw that Nora finally gave him a chance to speak, he continued, “Last night, the three of us stopped him. Later on, we received orders from our teacher to bring him back. That’s why we brought him back!” 
Victor collapsed on the ground. “Don’t listen to Antoine’s nonsense. I’m not the mastermind. I’m American, I know how powerful the Smiths are in New York. I still have my family here. At that time, I refused to let our teacher interrogate him no matter what. They chased me out…”
Victor cried bitterly. “I don’t even know what they did in there… When dawn broke and I went in again, Smithin was already lying there unconscious. He seemed to have stopped breathing. I was so afraid back then and even secretly sent him out… Otherwise, you wouldn’t have had the chance to find him!” 
After saying that, he looked up at Nora and saw that the killing intent in the woman’s eyes did not decrease. 
Victor looked at Morris in shock. “Captain Ford, save me. I know my teacher’s big secret, the big secret behind why I’ve improved so quickly! I can tell you everything!” 
He crawled over to Morris. 
However, halfway through, Nora stepped on his leg hard. 
Victor looked at Morris with tears in his eyes. 
Morris was silent for a moment before saying, “Big Sister, count it as me owing you a favor this time. In the future, I can help you do anything you want!” 
Nora looked at him fixedly. 
Morris looked at Antoine and Shaun again and said slowly, “I’ll get someone to bury this matter here.” 
Nora knew that since she had killed two people here, it was a very troublesome matter. 
Justin said that he could handle it, but he couldn’t handle it as well as Morris. 
She pondered for a moment and looked at Victor again. 
Victor trembled in fear from her gaze.
Nora lowered her eyes. “Where is your teacher?” 
When Victor heard this, he heaved a sigh of relief. “In Benevolence Hall, its location is…” 
He clearly told Nora the location of Benevolence Hall in New York. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and kicked him, sending him flying under Morris’s feet. Then, she looked at Morris and said, “Remember to return him to me.” 
In other words, she meant: Once you’ve interrogated him, he still has to be dealt with! 
She could not forgive Victor. 
If Victor had not mentioned teaching Quentin a lesson first, Quentin would not have ended up like this. 
Those who bullied Quentin had to pay the price!!! 
After saying this, Nora jumped off the stage and walked out. 
Justin followed closely behind her and asked, “Where are you going?” 
“Benevolence Hall.” 
In the thick air of the arena, only these two light words were left. 
— 
At Benevolence Hall. 
The girl stood there at the door, exhausted. Her body had already reached its limit, but her gaze was still firm. “Don’t you want to know who I am?”
Abigail stood in the courtyard and stared at the girl in front of her. “You’re not my match. Let your teacher do it.” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Then let’s give this a try.” 
Half an hour later. 
Abigail looked at his softened fist and knew that the girl did not kill him because this was in New York. Had they been overseas… He was uncertain what could’ve happened. 
After seeing that the girl had defeated him, he walked to the side and picked up a ladder. Then, he climbed up and took down the plaque of Benevolence Hall. 
He used his knee to hit the plaque hard, splitting it in two. 
This was the consequence of losing a fight. 
From then on, Benevolence Hall would never be able to raise its head in front of Nora. 
Nora threw the plaque on the ground casually. 
Abigail looked at the girl and mumbled, “Impossible, this is impossible… A little girl like you can’t possibly have such strength and power!” 
At this moment, the alarm outside rang. 
Morris had interrogated Victor and found out about the human experiments from him. How could he not come and arrest Abigail? 
As he watched the people from the special department wearing casual clothes enter the courtyard, Nora casually walked out.
Abigail suddenly shouted from behind, “I get it. You’re the same kind of person as me! Hahaha, we’re the same kind of people!” 
Nora suddenly stopped in her tracks and slowly turned back. 
Abigail stared at her, a vicious look in his eyes. Because his fists had been crippled, and his fingers were broken inch by inch, he was captured without any resistance. His head was pressed to the ground, and his hands were behind his back. 
Abigail continued to stare at Nora. “They will find you. They will find you sooner or later. Hahahahahahaha…” 
His laughter suddenly stopped. 
Nora frowned. The others immediately went forward and saw that Abigail was already bleeding from his mouth, nose, and eyes. He had stopped breathing. 
Nora walked forward quickly. After checking his body, she shook her head at the people from the special department. “This is a lethal poison. It will act up in thirty seconds. We can’t save him.” 
With that, Morris walked in. 
He said with a serious expression, “Victor is crazy.” 
Nora was taken aback. “What’s the matter?” 
Morris shook his head. “I don’t know why. After they were arrested, the disciples recruited by Abigail all took some drugs to improve their genes. That’s why they became so strong. Then they suddenly went crazy. Our leads were cut off again.”
Nora lowered her eyes slightly and only said coldly to Morris, “That is your business.” 
With that, she strode out. 
Outside the door. 
Justin and Joel stood silently in the night as if waiting for her return. 
Nora walked towards them step by step. 
Her footsteps were as heavy as lead. When she finally reached them, she looked at them. “I’ve taken revenge for Quentin.” 
Joel nodded. 
Justin held her arm. 
However, Nora suddenly thought of something and looked at Joel.. “By the way, my email…”
###Chapter 417: Arriving Late!
Chapter 417: Arriving Late! 
“… is a very important email.” 
It was at this point that Nora finally realized that she had immediately gone with them to search for Quentin after she woke up that morning, so she still hadn’t seen the DNA test results. 
She wanted to take out her cell phone to take a look, but as soon as she lowered her head, she blacked out. 
Fortunately, Justin had already sensed her condition a long time ago, so he immediately held her waist and caught her. Otherwise, Nora might have fallen straight onto the ground the moment she lowered her head! 
“Nora!” 
“Nora!” 
The two men exclaimed. Justin immediately picked up Nora in his arms while Joel took over the car from the chauffeur and sat in the driver’s seat. 
Justin got into the car. Joel stepped on the gas pedal and the car sped off. It usually took twenty minutes to get to the hospital, but Joel arrived in just five minutes. 
Despite that, Justin was still urging him to go faster while they were on the way there. 
When they arrived at the hospital, before the car even stopped, the doctors that Justin had assembled with a phone call were already waiting for them at the door.
Justin brought Nora out of the car in his arms and put her on the stretcher. It was only when they were taking her to the operating room that everyone discovered that her red dress was already covered in blood a long time ago! 
She… Was she injured?! 
Justin and Joel were awfully worried. They shouted at the doctor furiously, “Hurry up and check her injuries!” 
At this point, Lily, who was watching over Quentin, came over. The woman wearing a white lab coat squeezed into the crowd and said, “Please step aside! Let me have a look at my boss!” 
Justin gave a wave. The others stepped aside at once. 
Lily stood in front of Nora. When she saw the bloodstains on her, she became even more anxious. “Why is she bleeding so much? Quick, take her to the operating room!” 
The group of people entered the operating room with great momentum. 
Five minutes later. 
Lily walked out of the operating room. The moment she came out, Justin and Joel stood up and rushed up to her. “How is she?” 
The corners of Lily’s lips spasmed, seemingly not quite sure how she should answer him. 
Justin became even more anxious. “What kind of injuries did she suffer? What are you in a daze for? Go and save her!” 
“… She isn’t hurt,” said Lily. 
Justin was taken aback.
Joel asked, “Then the blood on her is…?” 
Lily’s lip corners spasmed again as she answered, “She has bruises on her hands, likely from hitting people. But the blood on her dress is indeed someone else’s.” 
“ Then why did she faint?” asked Justin. 
Lily was rendered speechless again. Then, she replied, “Boss fell asleep.” 
“…” 
She thought back to the awkward scene in the operating room. 
When she took out a pair of scissors and cut open her boss’ clothes, she saw that the woman’s skin was clean, fair, and delicate. There weren’t any wounds on her at all. 
In the end… she gave her boss a bath instead. 
Yep. 
Her boss was a very clean person. How would she be able to sleep peacefully without taking a bath? 
Justin: “…” 
Joel: “…” 
The way she fell asleep was simply too abrupt. Who would suddenly fall asleep while talking? 
Seemingly because she saw that the two men were perplexed, Lily coughed and explained, “She’s out of energy. This has happened to her before, too, when we were abroad. This one time she performed a 15- hour-long operation, which ended way beyond her usual sleeping hours. After she came out of the
operating room, it seemed like something had gone wrong with Cherry’s grandaunt, so she stayed up for another long period of time. In the end, she fainted and fell asleep.” 
Upon hearing that it had happened before, Joel breathed a sigh of relief. 
Justin, however, was still worried. “How long will she be asleep for?” 
Lily thought about it and said, “My conservative estimate is two days.” 
Justin frowned. “What about sustenance? She can’t stay hungry, right?” 
Lily sighed. “You won’t be able to wake her up, especially when her exhaustion is even more serious this time. Her muscles didn’t relax even once. She’ll be out for at least two days. As for food, you don’t have to worry. I will transfuse nutritional supplements to her drip regularly.” 
Justin: “…” 
Joel: “…” 
“Oh, there’s a piece of good news, by the way.” Lily said, “The person in the ICU that Boss asked me to observe is out of danger now. However, it will be difficult for him to ever stand up again in the future.” 
How was one going to stand when all their bones were broken? 
He was still alive only because Anti had personally operated on him, merged modern and traditional medicine during the treatment process, and given him medical treatment in time! 
When Joel heard this, he lowered his gaze and heaved a heavy sigh. 
—
This huge incident in the martial arts circle in New York was earth-shattering. 
However, it didn’t impact the lives of ordinary people—or at least, only a handful of ordinary people were aware that Big Sister and Big Brother had defended the dignity of the martial arts scene in the States that night. 
Even Tanya, Nora’s friend, didn’t know what had happened. As usual, she gave children classes in school, and also gave Mia an extra dance lesson in private. 
When the Smiths came to pick up the three children from school in the evening after classes were over, there was no sign of Joel in the car. It was then that she finally realized that Joel hadn’t contacted her at all the whole day. 
Was it because she… had refused to be Mia’s mother the night before? 
Tanya lowered her gaze, her imagination running wild. Pete and Brandon got into the car and returned to the Smiths’ manor. 
Tanya took Mia to her place and gave her dance lessons. 
At 9 pm, despite it already having reached Mia’s bedtime, Joel still hadn’t come over to pick her up. 
Tanya left Joel a message. 
Joel seemed busy at the moment. At last, he sent her the first message of the day: ‘I have something to do today. Can Mia stay with you for a night?’ 
‘Something to do’… 
The man had never been one to force her to do anything against her will. Since he had said so, then something big must have happened.
Tanya hurriedly replied: ‘No problem.’ 
She coaxed Mia to rest with her, and they fell asleep. 
In the middle of the night, she suddenly felt like the area beside her was very hot. 
She slowly opened her eyes and woke up. When she touched Mia’s forehead, the burning heat made her realize that Mia was having a fever. 
Tanya woke up in shock. Without saying anything, she picked up Mia, got into the car, and went straight to the hospital. 
The doctor said it was a minor problem, and prescribed Mia medicine to bring the fever down. After Mia sweated it out, the fever gradually subsided. Tanya then sent a text message to Joel and told him the name of the hospital they were at. 
Tanya watched over Mia the whole night in the VIP ward. 
She waited until her fever subsided before she finally fell asleep on the edge of the bed. 
Hillary and her mother were at the hospital for a checkup. While passing by a ward after the checkup, she noticed Tanya and the child on the bed. 
Her eyes instantly widened. She charged into the ward and grabbed Tanya at once. “Tanya, what did you do to my daughter?! Why is she in the hospital? Are you trying to steal my daughter?!” 
While speaking, she pushed Tanya, who had just woken up, and tried to drive her out of the ward. “I am the girl’s mother! Get lost!” 
At this point, Joel, who had finally finished all the matters he had to deal with, arrived at last!
As soon as he went upstairs, he was greeted by the sight of Hillary pushing Tanya out the door..
###Chapter 418: Mia Is My Daughter!
Chapter 418: Mia Is My Daughter! 
Tanya was still dazed when Hillary’s shout woke her up. 
She hadn’t slept all night because she was watching over Mia. She had only just started having some shuteye in the morning when she was woken up. After that, she was pushed out of the ward. 
It wasn’t until she was outside the ward—and when the doctors and nurses, both inside and outside, as well as the patients’ family members all cast strange looks at her—that she finally reacted. 
Hillary did not go to Mia right away. Instead, she continued to verbally abuse Tanya. 
“Are you also going to steal my daughter when you’ve already stolen my man? Tanya, why are you so shameless?! 
“Don’t you even think about taking my daughter from me!” 
“She’s my daughter! Mine!” 
Her words made people who didn’t know the full story look at them. Everyone looked at Tanya reproachfully. 
Some people even pointed at her as they spoke. 
“She must be someone’s mistress, right?” 
“Ugh, people who destroy someone else’s family are so shameless!!” 
Of course, there were also some reasonable people who spoke up for Tanya.
“… It’s not easy to be someone’s stepmother these days!” 
“Yeah, she watched over that little girl the whole night. I thought they were mother and daughter, but as it turns out, she’s actually her stepmother?” 
“… It’s pretty nice that a stepmother can do as much as she did!” 
“…” 
Be it positive or negative, all the comments made Tanya feel as if her cheeks were burning, and she subconsciously wanted to flee. 
But she couldn’t. 
Mia was still here. Joel had entrusted her with Mia. She didn’t know what exactly had happened between Joel and Hillary, but she knew that Mia didn’t like Hillary, and was wanted to stay with Joel instead. 
She looked into the ward. 
Hillary’s loud yells had woken Mia up. The little girl rubbed her eyes and sat up. When she saw Hillary, she tensed up. 
She was so scared that she turned as pale as a sheet. She called out weakly, “Mommy, don’t be angry… My teacher is not a bad person…” 
Her eyes were all red. She wanted to explain on behalf of Tanya, but she looked terrified. 
However, Hillary ignored her and continued yelling at Tanya. “Do you feel a great sense of accomplishment because you stole someone else’s man? Why are you so shameless? You’ll die a terrible death! Your whole family will die terrible deaths!” 
Her whole family?
The look in Tanya’s eyes sharpened. “Don’t forget that the person next to you is also part of my ‘whole family’.” 
That’s right, the person next to Hillary was none other than Tanya and Hillary’s mother, Mrs. Jones. 
Mrs. Jones, who was holding Hillary, was also glaring at Tanya. Upon hearing what she said, she snapped, “I don’t have a daughter like you!” 
Hillary sneered, “Look at how abominable the things you did are, Tanya! Even your mother won’t acknowledge you anymore! If you have even the slightest bit of morals and ethics, then leave this place and leave Joel alone! Give him back to me!” 
Tanya looked at the terribly anxious Mia on the bed. She didn’t want to argue with Hillary here, so she said, “If there’s anything you want to say, then say it at home. Let’s stop for now.” 
However, this only made Hillary think that she was scared. She shouted furiously, “Why should we talk about it at home? I didn’t do anything shameful that I need to hide. Is it because you also find your own actions shameful? Why didn’t you think of how shameful your actions were when you did it? Why didn’t you think of how your actions are not fit to be brought up in public when you stole my husband?” 
Tanya clenched her fists. “Hillary, who exactly took him away from whom?!” 
Her words made Hillary choke. 
However, Mrs. Jones spoke up at this point. “Tanya, how can you make up such lies? Hillary was obviously also in a relationship with Joel back then! Our families were already planning to let them bond with each other! Who do you think you are? Hillary is the Joneses’ eldest daughter while your father is a piece of trash! He’s a bastard! You and Mr. Smith are from two different worlds right from the start!”
“…” 
Tanya stared at the woman in front of her. 
It had been five to six years since she last saw her. She looked as charming as ever and didn’t seem to have changed much. Even the way she defended and protected Hillary so indiscriminately was still the same as before. 
She smiled wryly and lowered her head. 
She had never understood why a mother like her existed. 
It was almost as if she found pleasure in belittling her own daughter. 
In fact, she was even dubious about whether she really was her daughter or not?! 
Tanya clenched her fists. She suddenly raised her head and looked at her again. Just as she was about to say something, Joel’s sharp, icy-cold voice traveled over. “Is that so? How come I didn’t know that there’s a marriage agreement between the Smiths and the Joneses?” 
As his voice rang out, he finally strode over quickly and stood beside Tanya. 
He had waited anxiously outside the operating room during Quentin’s operation in the day, and also accompanied Nora when she went to take revenge the night before. As a result, he hadn’t had any shuteye for a whole thirty hours. The whites of his eyes were all bloodshot at the moment. 
The violent aura around him because of Quentin’s accident had yet to dissipate. Thus, despite just simply standing there, there was a bloodthirsty and murderous aura all around him, which made everyone around him fall silent and not dare to speak. 
The way he looked frightened Mrs. Jones, who blanked out for a moment. Then, she stammered, “M-Mr. Smith, why are you here?”
Joel looked down at Hillary and stared at her. “You should have been abroad by now, shouldn’t you?” 
Mrs. Jones hurriedly explained, “Hillary was unwell, so I brought her here to the hospital for consultation. We’re thinking of sending her abroad once she recovers.” 
Joel sneered, “There are hospitals abroad, too. Of course, if the Joneses don’t have such connections abroad, the Smiths are very willing to help.” 
After speaking, he glanced at Tanya, who was next to him. Her eyes were all red. Then, he glanced at Mia, who was looking at him from the bed a distance away with Hillary standing in between them. 
The little girl’s eyes had turned all red from fear. The way she looked so helpless and at a loss as she sat on the bed made his heart ache. 
Even Tanya knew that they shouldn’t be disturbing Mia’s rest at the moment. 
That was why she had been saying that they should talk at home instead. 
Yet Hillary, Mia’s mother, hadn’t noticed Mia’s emotions and reactions—because her attention was fully on Tanya! 
A mother like her… The look in Joel’s eyes turned even colder. 
He turned to his secretary and assistant beside him and said, “Since the Joneses are so tardy in this matter, you guys can provide Ms. Jones some assistance. She should be out of the country within an hour. I don’t want to see her in New York ever again.” 
His assistant nodded at once. “Yes, sir.” 
Joel then walked straight into the ward.
Hillary and Mrs. Jones had the guts to get physical with Tanya, but they didn’t dare to stop Joel. Both of them gave way to him in silence. 
Hillary watched as Joel picked Mia up and carried her in his arms. She stared at how resolute the man was, and how handsome he still was, just like how he had been back then. She watched how he didn’t cast even a single glance at her… 
Despair suddenly welled up from the depths of her heart. 
Yes. 
Despair. 
From beginning to end, the man had never once loved her. 
The realization made fury overwhelm her rationale.. Hillary suddenly screamed, “Tanya, haven’t you always disliked me since we were kids? You hate me, don’t you? Are you willing to raise my child for me now?! Hahahaha! What a joke you are!”
###Chapter 419: Our Family of Three~
Chapter 419: Our Family of Three~ 
Her words couldn’t get any more hurtful. 
Joel paused and looked at her in astonishment. 
Hillary looked like she had lost her mind. The savage look on her face made her look just like a beast in captivity putting up one last fight. She said, “How about this? Give me Mia, the two of you can have your own children instead. Isn’t that a good idea? This way, I won’t pester you ever again in the future!” 
Joel looked at Tanya hastily. 
By asking her to be Mia’s stepmother, he was actually letting Tanya down. 
Tanya had also been resistant to the idea. 
Just two days ago, she had even driven him away because of it. 
Joel thought that this was something that Tanya couldn’t get over. 
Tanya’s gaze, however, landed on Mia when she heard what Hillary said. 
The words ‘have your own children’ was a blow that made her heart ache. 
Nevertheless, she had noticed Mia reaching out with her little hand and grasping Joel’s sleeve tightly upon hearing what Hillary said. In addition, her timid eyes also looked at her as though she was asking her for help—or begging her for mercy. 
Mia didn’t want to go with Hillary.
She was very resistant to the idea. 
Seeing that neither she nor Joel was speaking, Hillary stretched out her hand to Mia and said, “Come here, Mia. Come with Mommy. They are all bad people. Do you know? They are all bad people! Once your teacher and your father have their own children in the future, they will abuse and bully you. Come with Mommy. Mommy will never bully you, right?” 
Mia shrank back further into Joel’s arms. 
Joel’s gaze, however, was on Tanya the whole time. 
He would never give Mia to Hillary, no matter what. 
But he wanted Tanya to say something right now… 
However, Tanya merely stared at Mia. The emotions in her eyes were so complicated that even Joel couldn’t read them at all. 
Joel’s heart slowly sank. 
Tanya probably couldn’t bring herself to accept Mia yet. 
Well, that made sense. 
What made him think that he could ask her to treat the child born to the man she loved the most and the sister she hated the most as her own?! 
Besides, Tanya was someone with a straightforward and decisive character. She had never been one to do such saintly things… 
However, Joel had no choice but to be selfish this once.
He would never let go of Mia, nor would he let go of Tanya. 
They were the two most important women in his life. 
With that in mind, the look in Joel’s eyes became cold and unfathomable. He looked at Hillary and held Mia further away from her. 
Just as he was about to speak, Tanya, who was behind him, said, “If I say that I don’t mind, will you believe me?” 
Her words stunned everyone. 
Hillary looked at her incredulously. 
Even Joel was shocked. 
Tanya looked at Mia and slowly stretched out her arms to her. “I like Mia. Although she is your daughter, she is not like you at all. The two of you are completely different!” 
Tanya lowered her head. 
She couldn’t even make herself dislike Mia, because the sight of her made her think of her own child. 
Any woman who had had children before would be somewhat accommodating toward and forgiving of children. She wanted to make Mia happy. 
When Mia saw Tanya stretching her arms out to her, for some reason, she suddenly felt warmth in the icy-cold world. 
She reached out her own short little arms and went into Tanya’s arms. 
When Tanya said what she did, she had let go of her negative feelings.
She believed that her child would be like her, and also hoped that all the children in the world could live happy and worry-free. 
Tanya, who had let go of her negative feelings toward Mia, suddenly lifted her head. Her lips curled into a smile as she turned to Hillary. She said shamelessly, “Also, Mia is Joel’s daughter. Considering how much I love him, I would also love his daughter, so why wouldn’t I like Mia? You’re worrying too much about it. 
“Oh, by the way, you don’t have to worry too much about Mia after you go abroad, because I will take good care of her. After all, we are a family of three. We are going to live happily together!” 
Sure enough, Hillary became so furious that she started shaking all over. 
For some reason, though, Tanya felt that Hillary’s emotions were a little odd. It was as if she was furious, yet also afraid of something. “You…! That’s utter nonsense! I am Mia’s mother!” 
Tanya didn’t understand why she was emphasizing that over and over, but she nevertheless asked, “Mia, do you want me to be your mom?” 
Mia’s eyes lit up and she nodded. “Yes!” 
Tanya then looked at Hillary. “Mia is only five now. Say, five—or even ten—years later, will she still remember you, her biological mother?” 
She let out an icy laugh after she spoke. 
Immediately after, as if she were one of those bad-natured women who flaunted their power after doing bad things, amidst everyone gesturing at her and talking about her, and without any regard for anything, Tanya walked toward the exit with Mia in her arms. “Alright, Mia, your fever is gone. Shall we go home?”
“…” 
Hillary was still shaking even after Tanya had left. Mrs. Jones, who was frowning, looked as if she didn’t know what she should do. 
A short while later, Joel’s assistant walked up to Hillary. “Ms. Jones, your air ticket has been booked. Your flight is in an hour. You may come with me now.” 
Hillary clenched her fists. 
Yet she was at a loss for words as she stared at the assistant in front of her. 
— 
With a mighty momentum around her, Tanya went to the car park with Mia in her arms. 
Joel followed behind her. As he watched the woman in front of him take firm and determined steps, a dazzling smile formed at the corners of his lips. 
When they reached the car, he took two quick steps forward to Tanya’s side. 
Tanya turned to him and smiled triumphantly. “Did you see how Hillary looked just now? Hahaha! That felt so good! I haven’t been this happy in so many years!” 
Joel: “…” 
A very self-aware Tanya sat in the backseat with Mia and left the driver’s seat to Joel. She had a smile on her lips the whole time. “Mia, I made your Mommy really angry just now. Do you mind?” 
Mia blinked at once. “No, I don’t, Mommy!” 
Tanya: “?!”
She suddenly choked on her saliva. After a few violent coughs, the astounded woman looked at Mia. “Y- you… What did you just call me?” 
Even though Mia was looking at her timidly, she spoke very firmly. “You were the one who asked me to call you Mommy…” 
Tanya: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed in embarrassment. “No, I said that just now just to make Hillary angry. You… you… Don’t take it seriously.” 
“Okay, Mommy,” said Mia. 
Tanya: “…” 
She immediately looked at Joel, who was in the driver’s seat. “What are you laughing at?! Aren’t you going to do something about the little fellow?!” 
The extremely thick-skinned Joel said, “We already agreed back then that when we have a daughter in the future, I’d be in charge of spoiling her while you’re in charge of disciplining her.” 
Tanya: “!!” 
It was only when the car started that she finally asked, “Where are we going?” 
“The Smith manor.” Tanya flushed crimson after he spoke. Joel, who saw that she was about to refuse, immediately added, “Nora is injured.. Before she fainted, she was talking about some email…”
###Chapter 420: Sponsor Grandpa Is here!
Chapter 420: Sponsor Grandpa Is here! 
As expected, it diverted Tanya’s attention. “Nora is injured? How did she become injured? Were you busy the whole day yesterday because of this? What exactly happened? What email are you talking about?” 
Seeing that she wasn’t refusing to go to the Smiths’ anymore, Joel breathed a silent sigh of relief. Then, he slowly recounted what had happened the day before. 
He didn’t hide the truth from Tanya just because she wasn’t part of their world. 
Now that Tanya was going to be with him, she would have to face these issues sooner or later. 
Upon hearing about the martial arts tournament, upon hearing how all of Quentin’s bones had shattered, and upon hearing about how Nora had challenged the Benevolence Hall all by herself; Tanya frowned and ranted angrily. “They are too much! Nora did great by beating them all up! If I had practiced martial arts, I would definitely have gone with her to give them trouble, too!” 
Then, she asked Joel accusingly, “Did you help her?” 
Joel’s lip corners spasmed. “I wanted to, but Justin stopped me.” 
Tanya was taken aback. 
Joel thought back to the events from the day before. When Nora challenged the Benevolence Hall all by herself the day before, he had wanted to go in and help, but Justin had stopped him. 
Justin had said, “She has a lot of pent-up anger right now, and needs to vent it out. Otherwise, she would feel very awful.”
Therefore, Justin had only kept Shaun occupied in the arena so that Nora could kill him herself, and thereby vent her anger. 
Joel had been rendered speechless at that time. 
The one who had been beaten up was his younger brother, too!! He also had a whole load of pent-up anger that he had nowhere to vent!! 
However, he had still given the chance to vent to Nora. 
He’d thought that Tanya would praise him after he explained what had happened, but unexpectedly, Tanya instead said, “Mr. Hunt did the right thing! Nora is not in good health. If she doesn’t vent her anger, it will definitely affect her health. Why are you fighting with her for it when you’re so strong and muscular?” 
Joel: “” 
Suddenly, he felt like his status in the family in the future was now clear at a glance. 
Tanya then asked, “Is Quentin really unable to stand anymore?” 
Joel’s expression darkened at the question. “That’s what Lily said. I have contacted all the orthopedic specialists in the country, as well as the Hunts’ medical experts last night, but all of them said they couldn’t do anything about it after they came and saw Quentin’s condition.” 
Tanya didn’t quite agree, though. “In my opinion, that may not necessarily be the case.” 
Joel was surprised. 
Tanya then said, “Ask Nora about it after she wakes up! Only she can give you the most accurate answer.”
Joel was puzzled. “Why do you say that?” 
Tanya kept quiet for a while before she finally replied, “There was once someone broke my leg when I was abroad. All the doctors said that the bones were shattered, so I won’t be able to ever dance again. It was Nora who cured me.” 
Joel was taken aback by her calm voice. 
Joel had always known that Tanya’s life abroad during the past five years wasn’t a peaceful one. However, he never knew that someone had even broken her leg. 
He suddenly thought of how deeply in despair Tanya, who loved dancing so much, must have been when she was told that she could not dance anymore. 
But what had he been doing at that time? 
He had probably been busy changing his daughter’s diapers at home! 
It was Nora who had stayed by Tanya’s side, cured her, and gave her hope at that time! 
When Joel thought of that, he suddenly felt that he still wasn’t treating Nora well enough. He should be treating her even better! 
In the midst of his thoughts, Tanya asked, “By the way, what email were you talking about just now?” 
Joel smiled and replied, “I don’t know. Before she fell asleep, she looked at me and said something about her email inbox. She didn’t say what was in it, though.” 
Tanya instantly curled her lips disdainfully. “Tsk, to think she can’t even relay information properly! Besides, how would we know what her email account password is?! Sigh!”
The two of them arrived at the Smiths’ while they were talking. 
The car had only just passed through the gates when they noticed a small van parking at the front. A few nurses and medical personnel got out of the van, and carefully helped Ian down. 
Ian was too weak. He had only just returned from the jaws of death, so he couldn’t even walk. After getting out of the van, the medical personnel helped him onto a wheelchair. 
Joel got a huge shock and exchanged a look with Tanya. He hurriedly stopped the car, walked over, and called out, “Uncle Ian! Why are you back?” 
Ian then noticed him. He sounded a little weak, but he pressed on and said, “How can you keep it from me when something so serious has happened?! I can’t rest peacefully in the hospital when Nora is still unconscious, so I decided to come back and have a look at her!” 
Joel glared at the people next to Ian. 
Ian immediately said, “Don’t look at them. I sensed something amiss because Quentin didn’t visit me for so long, so I forced them to talk.” 
Ever since he knew that Nora was his daughter, he had specially instructed Quentin to follow Nora every day, and also give him a report of everyone else who was following her. 
When Quentin simply didn’t show up the day before, he had immediately sensed something. The people around him weren’t the wily old fox’s match at all, so he had easily sounded them out! 
Upon knowing that Quentin had been hospitalized, he hastily went to visit Quentin. 
Quentin hadn’t woken up yet. Given the severity of his injuries, he wouldn’t be waking up for quite a while, either.
After visiting Quentin, he became worried that the news about how Nora was sleeping was just their way of trying to comfort him. Thus, he had forcefully requested to come home. He would only be able to rest assured once he saw Nora with his own eyes. 
Ian had always been a stubborn man. Joel knew that no one around him could talk him out of something he wanted to do. 
It was just like how no one could do anything about him when he was determined to die. 
Once he made up his mind, the decisions and beliefs often lasted a lifetime. 
For example, Yvette. 
Joel didn’t say anything else. At this point, Tanya came over with Mia in her arms. When Ian glanced over and saw that it was Tanya, he made a sound of surprise and asked, “That girl has returned to the States?” 
Tanya had often visited the Smiths when she was dating Joel back then, so it was very normal that Ian would know her. 
Tanya greeted him respectfully. “Hi, Uncle Ian.” 
Ian nodded at her. Then, he looked at Joel and said, “Although you and I are not father and son, we have very similar personalities. This kid here has stayed single all these years because he was waiting for you.” Ian then looked at Tanya and added, “Cherish him, girl!” 
After he said that, seemingly because he had thought of himself, a contemplative look formed in his eyes.
Tanya looked at Joel, who had blushed a little. 
To outsiders, he was the head of the Smiths whom everyone feared. But in the eyes of Ian, he would always be a junior. He even called him a ‘kid’… 
Joel touched his nose. 
Tanya, who had sensed how embarrassed he was, smiled and nodded. “Okay.” 
With Joel pushing the wheelchair and Tanya carrying Mia in her arms, the four of them walked toward the living room. 
Ian, however, suddenly became nervous. “Nora’s little girl is also at home, right? This is the first time we’re meeting. Should I give her a gift or something?” 
The thought had only just formed when a familiar young and tender voice traveled over from the living room. 
“Jumbo, does your name actually start with a ‘D’ instead? Do you really know how to play? 
“What? Stop calling you names? It’s because I keep dissing people that Sponsor Grandpa has stopped coming to my live-streams?”
###Chapter 421: Mr. Hunt Has Messed Up Again~
Chapter 421: Mr. Hunt Has Messed Up Again~ 
When Nora fell unconscious, Cherry lost her sense of security. 
She didn’t want to stay with her father at the Hunts’ anymore and insisted on staying by Nora’s side no matter what. She wheedled and acted cute, and even kicked up a fuss and rolled about on the floor in the Smiths’ manor in the end. She simply refused to go with Justin. 
Pete didn’t say anything, either. He merely looked at him in silence, his intentions obvious: 
‘I am not leaving until Mommy wakes up!’ 
In the end, Justin had no choice but to ask Joel for permission to stay in a guest room at the Smiths’ temporarily, so that he could work there and watch over the two children. 
Joel’s lip corners had spasmed when he received the call from the butler. 
Justin was simply too devious. 
Joel simply didn’t believe it. Why wouldn’t Justin be able to make a child do as he says? Besides, even if he really couldn’t, why couldn’t he just tell the Hunts that the little mister had come to the Smiths’ to play? 
Moreover! 
As the head of the Hunts, Justin didn’t need to report his whereabouts to anyone at all! 
He remembered that Pete and Justin had once lived in a villa elsewhere before.
Why would the butler dare to refuse Justin, though? Thus, by the time Joel heard about it, Justin had already moved in. 
He was pretty much just using the children for his own gains! How utterly shameless! 
They weren’t even married yet! It wasn’t appropriate for them to be living together! 
He had also come back with the intention to drive Justin out. 
However, Cherry was currently seated on the sofa with her legs crossed, her mockery mode at full force. 
Behind her were the two butlers in charge of external and internal affairs. They were standing there and looking at her. 
“Ms. Cherry, you’re so good at the game!” 
“The way you diss people is such a work of art!” 
“Huh? To think you can insult someone like that! Jumbo with a ‘D’… that’s Dumbo! Hahaha!” 
The two of them had clearly become fans of Cherry. 
Justin was seated on the sofa at the side, seemingly dealing with some documents. That leisurely appearance of his was practically as if he was in his own home! 
The corners of Joel’s lips spasmed. 
He then looked at Pete. He was working seriously on his Mathematical Olympiad problems at the side, seeming completely unaffected by Cherry. 
Cherry was reading the comments in her live-stream. Her brows knitted together and she said, “Daddy, all of them are saying that Sponsor Grandpa hasn’t come to my live-stream for so long because I was
dissing people, so he doesn’t like me anymore. Sob, is that true?” 
Justin was actually feeling very nervous. 
Because he had just received news that Ian had come home. 
His attitude toward the old man was merely respectful in the past. However, things were completely different now. Ian was Nora’s father! 
As a son-in-law, he mustn’t embarrass himself in front of him. 
He was racking his brains for a way to make Ian happy when he heard Cherry. As a slave to his daughter, he replied without any hesitation, “How can that be? You are so cute when you diss people!” 
Cherry breathed a sigh of relief. However, she still said aggrievedly, “Then why isn’t Sponsor Grandpa talking to me anymore? We haven’t contacted each other on Messenger for so long. I asked Mommy to look for him, but she couldn’t find him… Daddy, are you really not a hacker?” 
Justin coughed. 
He was Y. Of course he was a hacker. 
But he didn’t want to look for him. 
Sponsor Grandpa? What the heck? How dare he fight with him for his daughter’s love? Additionally, during the period Sponsor Grandpa was away, he had finally reached number one on the virtual gifts ranking! 
Justin said, “I’m really not one. Daddy is a good, law-abiding citizen. Daddy’s company also acts in accordance with the law.”
Cherry sighed and lowered her head. 
Next to them, Pete looked up and heaved a silent sigh. His father was simply too shameless! 
He was lying to even his five-year-old younger sister! 
Justin then said, “Why are you so insistent on looking for Sponsor Grandpa? The way I see it, his affection for you was only temporary. Otherwise, why would he suddenly disappear without a word? That’s very rude behavior.” 
He secretly badmouthed Sponsor Grandpa and said, “Let’s ignore him in the future, Cherry!” 
Cherry asked, “… But what if Sponsor Grandpa was sick?” 
“That’s impossible. Considering how rich he is, it’s impossible that he would suddenly disappear, no matter what kind of illness it is.” 
“Yeah, you’re right, Daddy. I won’t talk to Sponsor Grandpa ever again!” 
At the door, Ian, who had immediately recognized that Cherry was sweetcherry, was bewildered. 
When he’d first recognized Cherry, he had felt joy and anxiety from meeting an online friend for the first time. However, there was only anger left in him now. 
What was Justin teaching the kids? 
Ian entered the living room with mighty momentum. 
Justin hurriedly stood up when he heard the sounds coming from the door. At the sight of him, he took a step forward earnestly and greeted him. “Hello, Uncle Ian,” he said.
Ian stared at him with disdain all over his good-looking face. “I think you should call me Mr. Smith instead.” 
Justin: “?” 
He was calling him Uncle Ian because he was Nora’s fiancé! 
He was stunned for a moment. Then, he said, “You must be joking, Uncle Ian. Nora will beat me up if she hears me addressing you as Mr. Smith.” 
Ian snorted. “Mr. Hunt, I, Ian Smith, have never been one to joke around. What kind of relationship do you share with Nora for you to be calling me Uncle Ian?” 
“… We are engaged,” said Justin. 
“Engaged?” 
Ian was very surprised. “How come I’m not aware that my daughter is engaged? When did the two of you hold the engagement ceremony?” 
Justin: “” 
He had publicly announced that Nora was his fiancée at the Hunts’ party the other time, so their relationship was already confirmed. 
Why was Ian refusing to acknowledge it? 
However, he soon felt that he had figured it out. “You are right, Uncle Ian. I will get it done.” 
Ian didn’t look at him anymore. Instead, he looked at Cherry sitting on the sofa. 
Cherry was also staring at him with her big dark eyes. 
At the sight, Joel pushed Ian’s wheelchair toward Cherry and said, “Uncle Ian, this is Nora’s daughter. Her nickname is Cherry.” 
Ian’s eyes reddened at once. His voice was even trembling a little as he called out, “Cherry?” 
Cherry blinked. Then, she called out sweetly, “Grandpa~” 
Ian instantly felt like his heart had been coated in honey. 
In the past, when Cherry called him Sponsor Grandpa on Messenger, he had merely found her a sweet child. It was only now that he realized that the sweetness reached all the way into his heart. 
He nodded. “Hello!” 
As soon as he said that, Chester, who was also logged into the game, said, “Boss, look at your live- stream! They are all mocking you!” 
Cherry immediately lowered her head when she heard him. She saw in the comments in the live-stream that everyone was laughing at her and saying that Sponsor Grandpa had abandoned her.
###Chapter 422: DNA Report~
Chapter 422: DNA Report~ 
Everyone in the comments was laughing at her. 
“Your wealthy grandfather must have found another dog. He doesn’t love you anymore!” 
“Hahaha, I’m suddenly very happy to see the host down.” 
“Sponsor Grandpa must be tired of you, right? All the big bosses are like this.” 
… 
Cherry wilted. She pouted and stopped talking. 
When Ian saw her like this, his heart ached badly. He quickly took out his phone and secretly charged it. Then, while the others were not paying attention, he quickly went to Cherry’s live-stream and sent her gifts. 
The overwhelming gifts suddenly covered the entire screen. 
When Cherry saw that the person giving the gift was her Sponsor Grandpa, her eyes lit up. 
She shouted happily, “My Sponsor Grandpa is here!” 
Ian had surpassed second place and become first. He was satisfied. 
However, just as he put down his phone, Justin, who was standing behind him, suddenly took out his phone and tipped a hundred gifts. The rankings instantly changed again. 
Ian: “…”
Justin said, “Cherry, you can’t let an outsider control your emotions. Whatever others have, Daddy will give it to you.” 
Cherry immediately looked up at him. “Thank you, Daddy!” 
“…” 
After Justin tipped the gifts, he put down his phone. For some reason, he suddenly felt that the atmosphere in the living room seemed a little off. 
How much colder was it? 
He composed himself and looked over. He realized that Ian was emitting coldness and looking at him gloomily. 
Justin: “?” 
He hesitated for a moment and asked, “Uncle Ian, what’s wrong?” 
Ian sneered. “Mr. Hunt, are you very free today?” 
Justin: “…So-so, I guess.” 
Ian said, “Butler, Mr. Hunt still has to handle the company’s matters. How can we keep him here at home for such a small matter? Quickly take him to work!” 
Justin: !! 
Confused, he looked at Joel pleadingly. However, not only did his brother-in-law not help, he even turned his head to look elsewhere. His eyes, which were usually smiling, were now gloating? 
Joel really felt good.
He and Justin governed New York’s economic lifeline. The two of them often interacted with each other and were both powerful people. 
When had he ever seen him so aggrieved? 
It felt… good. 
When Justin saw that he was silent, and since Ian was the head of this family, he had to listen. 
After confirming that there was nothing wrong with Nora’s body, he simply said, “Alright, I’ll come and see Nora again tonight.” 
Ian snorted. “Nora is fine. You don’t have to visit her so often. When she wakes up, she will contact you!” 
Justin: “…” 
He grimaced and looked at Pete. “Then I’ll come and see Pete tonight.” 
Pete? 
Ian was stunned when he heard this. He turned to look at Pete, who had been sitting quietly the entire time. When he saw his face, he was stunned. 
Why did Pete look exactly like Cherry? 
While he was in a daze, Justin smiled brightly. “Uncle Ian, I forgot to tell you that Pete and Cherry are my and Nora’s children.” 
He paused and added, “They’re twins.” 
Ian: “…”
Justin, who finally had the upper hand, walked out when he saw his stunned look. “Uncle Ian, I’ll take my leave then.” 
He should give his father-in-law more time to accept it! 
After Justin left, Ian looked at Joel. “So these two kids have been together for a long time?” 
He was talking about Nora and Justin. 
Joel nodded. “The children are already five years old.” 
Ian paused. “He’s better than you!” 
Joel: “…” 
He glanced at Mia silently. He was about to say that his child was five years old too, but when he saw Tanya standing beside him, he didn’t say anything. 
His child was not hers. 
This might become his lifelong regret. 
— 
Ian went upstairs to look at Nora. After confirming that she was really asleep, he then went downstairs in relief. 
Joel let him rest. He glanced at Cherry and nodded. After entering the bedroom, Ian let everyone out and secretly opened Cherry’s live-stream.
Cherry had said earlier that she did not want to talk to her Sponsor Grandpa anymore, so he chose not to acknowledge her first. They could reunite after maintaining a peaceful relationship on the Internet! 
Time passed very quickly. Soon, it was nighttime. Suddenly, two little cuties appeared at home, and the entire family became lively. 
Joel realized that even Ian had a smile on his face. 
Such happy times were always easily disturbed. 
After dinner, the sky darkened. 
He was about to call his assistant to ask if Hillary had gone overseas when his assistant’s call arrived first. “Mr. Smith, something has happened.” 
Joel was stunned. “What?” 
The assistant said, “After going overseas, Hillary sued you in Switzerland!” 
Sued him? 
Joel narrowed his eyes. 
The assistant coughed. “She has filed a request for the custody of the child!” 
Joel’s voice instantly turned cold. “How dare she? Where are the Joneses?” 
The assistant said, “Mr. Jones contacted her and asked her to withdraw the lawsuit, but she refused to listen. She insisted that the child is hers and only hers. Even if she can’t be with you, she will still sue you for the child’s custody!”
With that, the assistant coughed. “If this was in the country, we would definitely have been able to resolve it easily. But now, she’s suing from overseas. It’s not convenient for us to make a move there.” 
Of course, Joel understood this, but the problem was… 
He narrowed his eyes and asked, “If she’s not from Switzerland, how did she manage to press charges there? Why would the courts in Switzerland take on such a case?” 
The assistant said, “We’re still investigating that, but the court seems to be taking this case very seriously. They’re already preparing to send you a subpoena!” 
Joel vaguely felt that something was wrong. “Investigate properly!” 
“Understood.” 
After hanging up, Joel looked at Mia. 
The case was actually not complicated. If he didn’t go overseas, there was nothing they could do about it. But Mia couldn’t possibly stay in the country forever, right? 
It had only been a day. Where did Hillary find the guts to sue him?! 
Outside. 
Justin looked at the brightly lit Smith villa and was especially envious. 
He really wanted to go in, but after getting the butler to inform him, his father-in-law refused to let him in. He even said that it was getting too late and he would not keep him as a guest. 
Justin did not want to be ostracized.
Ian was not someone he could handle unless his future brother-in-law helped. 
But to get his future brother-in-law to help him? He had to give him something powerful… 
Something powerful… 
Justin suddenly thought of the DNA test between Tanya and Mia… 
His lips curled up slightly.. He had it!
###Chapter 423: Mia Is Tanya’s Daughter!
Chapter 423: Mia Is Tanya’s Daughter! 
In the limousine. 
As Lawrence drove, he looked at his boss in the rearview mirror and vaguely felt that he was a little pitiful. 
When had the famous Justin ever been rejected? 
He sighed silently. 
Ever since he got together with Miss Smith, Mr. Hunt had shown him his most patient side. 
At this moment, Mr. Hunt was not in a hurry. He was still playing with his phone. 
Lawrence almost couldn’t help it and drove away! 
It was so embarrassing to wait outside the door! 
How could he know that Justin was hacking into Nora’s email? 
His slender fingers pressed on his phone with agility. He was about to enter Nora’s email when he was suddenly blocked. The screen almost turned black. 
Tsk. 
Justin stared at the arrogant red words “get lost” and couldn’t help but laugh. 
Very good. It was her style.
However, the encryption measures in her inbox were really impressive. Perhaps only Q could do it. 
He could not guess how she knew Q. How could she get Q to encrypt one of her mailboxes? 
Justin smiled and decided to give up on attacking her email. 
Otherwise, she would probably be angry when she woke up and realized that her email had been hacked. 
He picked up his phone and called Lily. 
The call was picked up quickly. Lily’s formulaic voice came through. “Hello, this is Lily. May I know who you are?” 
“Justin.” 
Lily was startled. “Boss’s husband?” 
Justin: “” 
Lily coughed and corrected him. “No, it’s Mr. Hunt. It’s so late, why are you calling?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. 
Boss’s husband? Was this his nickname now? 
It actually made him a little happy. 
Joy flashed across his deep eyes. He felt that Nora’s assistant was very perceptive. He said slowly, “Nora asked you to produce a DNA report two days ago. What was the result?” 
Lily subconsciously said, “I’ll only report to Boss.”
Justin: “?” 
Just as he frowned, he heard Lily’s tone change. “But your identity is special, so I can tell you. I’ll only tell you~” 
Justin smiled. “… Go ahead.” 
“The DNA results show that the two test subjects are confirmed to be mother and daughter.” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. 
He didn’t expect Nora to be right. 
He lowered his eyes and said slowly, “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome, Mr. Hunt. Just let me know if you need anything.” 
After hanging up, Justin thought for a moment and called Sean again. “Five years ago, how was the investigation going on overseas?” 
Back then, Nora had investigated her DNA and when he found out about her suspicions, he had said that he could help her investigate Hillary from five years ago. 
Even if the DNA showed that Tanya and Mia were mother and daughter, they still had to provide enough evidence to prove that Hillary had stolen the child. 
Justin handed the matter to Sean. 
After all, it was five years ago. Furthermore, it was in Switzerland, so it was not as fast as investigating in the country. 
Sean replied, “Give me another 12 hours and I’ll have the answers.”
“Okay.” 
After hanging up, Justin played with his phone. 
He could not wait 12 hours to tell Joel such important news. Otherwise, how could he use it as a tactic? 
Moreover, judging him by his own standards, it was as if he did not know that he had a daughter back then. He would definitely want to hear this news as soon as possible. 
Therefore, he sent Joel a message: “Brother-in-law, let me in. I have an important message for you and Miss Tanya.” 
— 
“Mr. Smith, we found some clues!” 
Joel was on the phone at this moment. The assistant opposite him was in Switzerland, so the investigation was a little slow. 
His eyes were cold, and his usual smile was gone. He glanced at Tanya, who was playing with Mia, and said simply, “Speak.” 
“Hillary did indeed receive help from others to sue you in Switzerland. Moreover, the Joneses’ attitude suddenly became domineering after going overseas. They said that they will fight this lawsuit to the end with us!” 
Joel’s gaze turned even colder. “Whose help did they receive?” 
The assistant said a name. “Karl Moore.”
Joel narrowed his eyes. 
Of course, he knew this person. 
Karl Moore was an American Chinese. 
Currently, the underground forces in Switzerland were very large, so he was very famous overseas. His name was often heard in the country. 
Although the Smiths and Hunts were the top families which controlled the economic lifeline in the country, internationally, their impacts were still a little small. 
But Karl Moore was different. 
They were mercenaries, and the people in their team were all retired special forces from Switzerland. They privately accepted difficult missions, such as assassinations. 
The name of their organization could be translated to “Assassin.” 
Ever since the organization was established, none of the assassination plans had failed! 
They were an assassin allIance exceptionally vigilant in the world! 
Therefore, the Swiss people maintained a good relationship with them. Even the major families in the country were wary of this organization. 
Karl Moore was the leader of the organization. Whether the organization accepted the assassination mission or not was entirely up to him. 
The Joneses had nothing to do with such a person. Why was he suddenly protecting them? 
Joel frowned. “Why is he helping them?”
The other party might not even take a liking to the Joneses if they packed all their assets and gave them to Karl Moore. Furthermore, they were going against the Smiths. Karl Moore had always shown the Smiths respect. 
The assistant said, “I’m still investigating.” 
Joel’s gaze turned colder. “Yes. Investigate all that you can. If you can’t, tell Karl Moore that the Smiths respect him, but we’re not afraid of him! There’s no room for negotiation regarding the child!” 
The assistant took a deep breath. “Yes!” 
After hanging up, Joel saw Justin’s message and slowly frowned. 
He had important news to tell him and Tanya? 
He was probably telling him that he wanted to enter the house. 
But if he was including Tanya… then something must have happened. 
Could it be related to the email Nora had mentioned before she fainted? 
He looked at Ian and said, “Uncle Ian, let’s allow Mr. Hunt in.” 
Ian said unhappily, “No.” 
In the afternoon, when he gave Cherry tips, Justin had been suppressing him and had insisted on competing with him for the first place on the list. This made him even more unhappy. 
Does he want to marry his daughter? Ha.
Joel looked at Cherry, and the little fellow immediately ran to Ian. “Grandpa, Grandpa~ Let Daddy in. I miss Daddy~” 
Ian: “…”
###Chapter 424
Could he reject his obedient granddaughter’s request? 
The answer was no. 
Ian’s lips twitched as he glared at Joel. 
The news of Justin standing outside the door was reported to him by the butler when he came in. Cherry and Pete did not know at all. 
During dinner, Cherry even looked at the door curiously and asked, “Why isn’t Daddy here yet?” 
Ian said coldly, “He’s probably busy with work.” 
Cherry was still a little unhappy. “Okay~” 
Ian took the opportunity to brainwash her. “It’s most irresponsible of a parent to ignore the child when they’re busy. Let’s not like him anymore, okay?” 
Cherry’s eyes widened when she heard this. 
Then, she looked at Ian and retorted, “Grandpa, I can’t do that.” 
Ian was curious. “Why?” 
Cherry sighed. “Mommy has been busy sleeping since we were young. She’s even more irresponsible. At least Daddy spends twice as much time with me every day than Mommy does!” 
Ian: “!!” 
He had never seen the way Nora interacted with the two children. He did not expect that he would also have to bring his daughter into this.
At that time, he could only change the topic forcefully. “Yes, what I said just now was just a test for you. I didn’t expect our Cherry to be so smart. You actually passed Grandpa’s test.” 
Cherry immediately looked up and smiled. Her big black eyes swept past Pete. “Pete, did you see that? Grandpa doesn’t like Daddy and wants to badmouth Daddy. I’m the best! He can’t even say anything about Daddy!” 
Pete: “…” 
He sighed silently. He kept wondering ever since Cherry came home, why had the tyrant and this grandfather, who was rumored to be very serious, become so childish? 
Ian had been hiding it from Cherry and did not tell her. 
Moreover, he did not feel guilty at all. How dare Justin secretly tell her not to like her Sponsor Grandpa?! 
However, now that Cherry had heard Joel’s words, Ian could not stop her. Otherwise, wouldn’t he become a bad grandfather? 
Ian could only say to the butler indignantly, “Invite him in.” 
The butler glanced at Joel and left with a smile. 
Joel was already the head of the Smiths now. After all, Ian had been on his deathbed in the past and had not cared about the family’s matters at all. 
However, Ian’s wish was Joel’s command. 
When everyone saw how respectful Joel was to Ian, they did not dare to disrespect Ian either. 
Soon, Justin entered.
Wearing a black suit, he walked in steadily. After entering, he greeted Ian respectfully, “Uncle Ian.” 
Ian snorted and looked at Joel. “Joel, the guest is here. Treat him well.” 
He looked like he wanted to ignore him. 
Justin rubbed his nose awkwardly and looked at Cherry. 
Cherry had already run over excitedly and hugged his leg. “Daddy, why are you just getting here now?! Didn’t you agree to sleep here tonight? I’m still waiting for you to tuck me in!” 
When she said this, Justin looked at Ian. When he saw Ian’s eyes flicker, he chuckled softly and said, “Yes, Daddy was busy with work.” 
He did not expose Ian’s lie. 
This made Ian feel a little better. Then, he saw Justin looking at him mischievously. “As for sleeping with you tonight…” 
He drawled, his eyes questioning. 
Ian coughed and looked at the butler. “Have you prepared the guest room?” 
The butler held in his laughter. “I’ve already prepared it. It’s next to Miss Nora’s room. The room is very big and comfortable.” 
Ever since Yvonne was arrested and Nora’s identity as Ian’s daughter was exposed, the people in the family had accepted Nora as the eldest daughter. 
Ian waved her hand. “Alright, Joel. Take the guest upstairs to have a look.”
Joel smiled as well. He let Mia play downstairs and took Justin upstairs. Halfway there, he looked at Tanya. “Tanya, you come too.” 
Tanya looked up in confusion and subconsciously stood up to follow him upstairs. 
Ian couldn’t help but say, “You guys have just reunited. Aren’t you two being too mushy?” 
Tanya’s face couldn’t help but turn red. 
Joel coughed and smiled. “Uncle Ian, please understand.” 
Ian: “…” 
Why was this kid’s skin so thick?! 
When the three of them went upstairs, Justin did not go to the guest room immediately. 
Joel pointed to his study. “Chat in the study?” 
Justin nodded. When they passed by Nora’s room, he suddenly gestured for them to keep quiet and then gently opened the door. 
The curtains in the room were drawn, and the light was dim. 
The temperature in the room had also been adjusted very well. The woman on the bed was still asleep and did not move at all. 
Justin approached her and checked her breathing and pulse. After confirming that Nora was fine, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
He covered her with a blanket and went out.
Seeing him tiptoeing as if he was afraid of waking Nora up, Joel and Tanya at the door were speechless. 
The corners of Tanya’s mouth twitched. “Mr. Hunt, Nora is sleeping so well. Even if the sky collapses, it probably won’t wake her up. You don’t have to be so… cautious?” 
Justin didn’t mind. “It’s better to be gentle. Otherwise, she’ll hear the noise in her sleep.” 
Tanya: “…” 
Alright, he was of noble status. Whatever he says. 
The three of them then followed Joel to the study. 
In the study. 
The housekeeper, Lucy, had already prepared tea. Joel looked at Justin. “Have you eaten dinner?” 
Justin looked at him silently. 
Brother-in-law, he had come over during lunchtime and had been kept outside the door. Didn’t Joel know if he had eaten dinner or not?! 
Joel coughed. “Go prepare some food for Mr. Hunt.” 
Lucy nodded. 
After Lucy left, Joel saw Justin drinking tea and couldn’t help but ask anxiously, “Tell me quickly. What’s the matter?” 
Tanya looked at him in confusion. 
Justin drank a cup of tea before saying slowly, “Miss Tanya, you had a child overseas, right?”
His words were like a tidal wave. Joel looked at Tanya in disbelief, only to see that Tanya’s eyes had also widened in shock. 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
This was her secret. Why did Justin say it out loud? 
When he saw her like this, Joel’s mind instantly started racing. 
He lowered his eyes and smiled bitterly. 
So in the past five years, Tanya had already had a boyfriend overseas? 
However, he had no intention of blaming her. 
After all, he had a child too, didn’t he?
###Chapter 425
When he forced Tanya to accept Mia, he no longer had the right to criticize her. 
Even if he had never let any woman near him in the past five years! 
He suddenly felt frustrated. 
At this moment, he wanted to know who this man was who had been with Tanya. He wished he could capture him and beat him up. 
With this thought in mind, he looked at Tanya. 
He suddenly understood how Tanya must have felt when he and Hillary had gotten together back then. 
After five years, he was with Tanya again and was still so sad and jealous, let alone her back then. 
That was why she had decided to leave and go overseas, right? 
Perhaps she had not gone overseas simply to pursue her dream of dancing. She had been hurt by him! 
When Joel thought of this, his chest tightened even more. 
He had been with her through junior high, high school, and university… 
He had originally thought that the two of them would walk from their school uniforms to their wedding gowns, from their black hair to their white hair. He did not expect that they would go off track halfway. 
When they returned to the same path, he had Mia, and she had another child. 
Their love was no longer as perfect as before. 
But he couldn’t mind.
He did not even dare to ask Tanya if she had liked that man when she had a change of heart midway, only to like him again now. 
He did not dare to ask, afraid that he would be dissatisfied with the answer. 
He only knew that they had to be together, no matter what. 
With this in mind, he walked towards Tanya. 
Tanya was also in a daze. When she saw Joel walking over, her expression turned grave and she felt even more guilty. However, just as she thought Joel would question her, she heard him say, “Who is that man?” 
Tanya: “?” 
She was stunned and looked at Joel in confusion. 
Joel sighed. “If you don’t want to say it, then forget it. I’ll try my best not to mind.” 
At this point, he turned his head away and did not look into Tanya’s eyes. “Where is your child…? You can bring him over. I’ll treat him as my own, just like… how you treat Mia… Even if I can’t be sincere, I’ll still work hard…” 
Tanya: “!!!” 
She finally understood what Joel meant and could not help but laugh. 
As she smiled, tears welled up in her eyes. 
This man, this silly man, actually thought that she had another man?
She thought of the past five years. Although she was alone overseas, she had interacted with many aristocrats because she was a dancer. 
She did not lack suitors among those people. 
But she had never accepted any of them. 
At first, she had told herself, she had lost her child and had no right to start a new life. It was a form of punishment. 
But it was only now that she realized that it was not because she did not want to look for a man. It was because, with someone in her heart, she could no longer look at anyone else. 
Those aristocrats were all very outstanding, but she was blinded by Joel and could not see anyone else. 
She looked at Joel with red eyes. 
When Joel saw her like this, his heart ached even more. 
How did that man hurt her? Was it so painful to recall? 
He grabbed Tanya’s arm and said in pain and anger, “Why did you split up? Did he hurt you?” 
Tanya shook her head. 
“Did he have a change of heart?” 
Tanya continued to shake her head. 
Joel was anxious. “Did you have a change of heart? What happened? Did he bully you? Tell me who he is and I’ll kill him!”
Tanya still shook her head, but the smile on her face grew wider. 
She said, “No, no. There’s no such person.” 
Her voice was choked. 
Joel was stunned. “There’s no such person? Then your child…” 
Tanya’s cries became even louder. She looked at Joel and knew that she could no longer hide the child’s existence. 
However, she did not want to make Joel sad with her. 
She clenched her fists. “Calm down. Listen to me.” 
Joel was extremely anxious, but when he saw Tanya’s tear-stained face, he knew that he could not be anxious. He took a deep breath. “Okay, I’ll calm down. Tell me, what’s going on with that man and the child?” 
Tanya looked at him and lowered her head again. She slowly said, “There’s no other man… It’s you. It has always been you!” 
Joel froze on the spot. 
He looked at Tanya in a daze. 
A ridiculous thought suddenly occurred to him. “If it’s me, then that child…” 
Tanya looked at him and closed her eyes. Large tears rolled down her face again. “The child is yours.” 
It was his…
These three words stunned Joel. 
Surprise surged in his heart as he grabbed Tanya. “You gave birth to my child? Our child?” 
At this moment, he was as happy as a child. 
He asked anxiously, “Where’s the child? Where is he?” 
When the two of them were together back then, they had once imagined what would happen if they had a child in the future. As it turned out, they really had a child! 
But he did not expect that while he was wild with joy, Tanya would still have her eyes closed. Her tears rolled down her face like broken pearls. She did not speak. 
Joel’s ecstasy gradually calmed down. He looked at Tanya and finally sensed something strange. 
They were already together. Why didn’t Tanya tell him they had a child? 
Also, when he asked if she could be Mia’s mother, why did she resist and not say anything… 
He pursed his lips and his heart suddenly sank. “That child…” 
“…I lost our child.” 
Tanya said those words with difficulty as her tears flowed even more violently. She opened her eyes and sobbed as she shouted, “After I gave birth, I lost the child before I could even see the child clearly. I don’t even know if our child is a girl or a boy!” 
“I’m sorry… I didn’t protect our child well! I feel guilty when I’m with you! Why should I be happy? I don’t even know if my child is dead or alive…” 
Following her words, Joel suddenly reached out and hugged her.
At this moment, Joel felt his heart ache so much that he could barely breathe. 
How painful Tanya must have been all these years! 
It was one thing to suffer through the pain of looking for her child every day, but to have to face his and Hillary’s daughter after returning to the country. 
Especially when he said that he wanted Tanya to become Mia’s mother. 
Mia’s mother… 
Joel suddenly thought of something and looked at Justin.
###Chapter 426
Justin had said that he had important information to tell Joel and Tanya. 
Furthermore, the moment he entered, he pointed out that Tanya had been hiding something from Joel. Then, was that important matter the whereabouts of their child?! 
Joel suddenly understood. 
Justin sat by the side and watched the two of them confess to each other. 
He did not know what had happened. He could only resolve the misunderstanding between Tanya and Joel before speaking the truth. 
Seeing that the two of them were almost done talking and that Tanya was crying so badly, Justin touched his nose and hurriedly said, “Don’t be in a hurry to cry… I have good news here.” 
If Nora woke up and found out that he had made her best friend cry for so long, she would definitely beat him up. 
Tanya and Joel were still in a sad state. They opened their eyes and looked at him in confusion. 
Justin coughed. “It was Nora who felt that something was wrong. She secretly took Tanya’s DNA samples to compare with Mia’s DNA…” 
Joel and Tanya widened their eyes. 
At this moment, Joel finally understood Justin’s meaning! 
Tanya was also surprised and anxious. Why was Nora comparing her and Mia’s DNA?! 
As she was thinking about this, she heard Justin continue, “You two are mother and daughter.” 
“…”
Tanya’s mind exploded. 
She looked at Justin in disbelief and felt that she recognized every word he said, but when she put them together, why could she suddenly not understand? 
Wasn’t Mia Hillary’s daughter? 
How could she be her daughter? 
While she was in a daze, Joel narrowed his eyes and said sternly, “No wonder Hillary didn’t appear when she was pregnant back then. In the end, she suddenly appeared in front of me with a child.” 
He looked at Tanya and said, “That night, I was the one who had drunk too much and was schemed against! In the hotel, she insisted that I had sex with her… In my head, the person that night was actually you… But when I woke up, Hillary was by my side instead.” 
Before he could finish, Tanya suddenly reacted. “Are you talking about October 25, six years ago?” 
Joel was stunned and nodded. “Yes.” 
Tanya bit her lip. “That night, it was me…” 
Joel was surprised. 
Tanya’s expression was a little unnatural when she mentioned that night. “Later on, when you were still asleep in the morning, my mother sent me a message asking me to come home. She said she had something to tell me, so I went back…” 
When she returned home, she realized that it was a foreign acceptance letter. 
Immediately after, she had taken out a photo of Tanya and Joel sleeping together and handed it to her. She had told her, “I told you long ago that your identity is not suitable for you to be with Mr. Smith! Only
the eldest daughter of the Joneses has the right to become Mrs. Smith! Mr. Smith is just playing with you! Since you’re my daughter, I’ll remind you not to be treated as a plaything!” 
At that time, she was stunned when she saw the photo. She called Joel, but she did not expect that Hillary would pick up his phone. “What are you doing? He’s still sleeping.” 
Tanya was furious. 
Two hours later, she called Joel, but his attitude was very cold. 
She asked, “What am I to you?” 
He sneered. “What am I to you? Tanya, we both know that you’re not that important to me!” 
At that time, Tanya’s heart was in ashes as she left the country. 
Joel was stunned. He thought about it carefully and knew that he had fallen into a trap. “When I woke up and realized that the person beside me was Hillary, I was shocked. I wanted to look for you and explain everything, but I saw the application form for your overseas study on Hillary’s phone.” 
He was silent for a moment before saying, “Hillary told me that everything you did was to use me to go overseas.” 
At that time, he was young and impulsive. Just as he was looking at the application, he received a call from Tanya. 
However, he had not expected Tanya to question her position in his heart so confidently over a phone call. 
He also wanted to ask this question!
Later on, he watched helplessly as Tanya left the country without turning back. He believed Hillary even more and did not look for Tanya over the years. 
Now that he thought about it… 
It was obvious that he and Tanya had fallen into the other party’s trap!! 
Joel was momentarily vexed. How could he be so easily deceived? However, he did not expect that Hillary, who was only twenty years old back then, would do such a thing! 
Tanya and Joel looked at each other. 
After a moment, Tanya suddenly pushed him away and ran downstairs. 
Joel knew what she was going to do, so he looked at Justin first and said slowly, “I’ll remember this favor.” 
If it weren’t for Justin, Tanya would have been afraid that Joel would be sad because of the child and would not have told him. But if Tanya hadn’t told him, he probably wouldn’t have imagined in his life that Mia was his and Tanya’s daughter! 
After all, how could he know that Tanya had given birth to a child for him?! 
Justin nodded and Joel followed him downstairs. 
Sure enough, he could already hear the cries downstairs. He went downstairs and saw Ian watching by the side. “Little brat, did you bully the little girl? Why is she suddenly crying so miserably while hugging Mia?” 
Joel looked at the mother and daughter hugging each other.
Tanya was crying so hard that she couldn’t speak. Mia, on the other hand, was frightened by her appearance. She looked at her with wide eyes, but she still reached out and patted her back, feeling helpless. 
Joel’s eyes turned red as well. 
He took a step forward and said to Mia, “Mia, this is your mother.” 
Mia was stunned for a moment before nodding. “I know. Ms. Tanya will be my mother from now on.” 
When Joel saw the child’s ignorance, his heart ached even more. 
He reached out and hugged Tanya and Mia. “No, she’s the mother who gave birth to you! Your biological mother!” 
Mia didn’t really understand this, but she still cried. “Mommy, don’t cry. Don’t cry…” 
When she started crying, Tanya stopped crying immediately. She hugged Mia and said with tears in her eyes, “I won’t cry. Mia, don’t cry. I’m Mommy. Mommy loves you…” 
She gently kissed Mia’s cheek. 
Ian was confused. 
That night, Tanya hugged Mia and fell asleep. Joel was guarding the sofa in the room worriedly. He could see Tanya suddenly waking up in the middle of the night and staring at Mia for a while before hugging her tightly and falling asleep again… 
It was a fear and unease of again losing what she had regained after so many hardships. 
—
The next day, Joel was woken up by a soft knock on the door. 
He walked out gently and heard the butler say, “Sir, Mr. Karl Moore is here!” 
Karl Moore? 
Joel narrowed his eyes. 
Even if he had not come himself today, Joel was going to look for him! 
Hillary had stolen his child. She had to pay the price!
###Chapter 427
Joel glanced at the mother and daughter sleeping on the bed. At this moment, the anger in his heart had reached its peak. 
Last night, he counted that Tanya had woken up six times. Each time, it took more than half an hour before she could fall asleep again. 
Compared to her… Mia had always been by his side, and he had never been neglected. 
But what about Tanya? 
How painful must her five years of psychological torture have been?! 
Joel clenched his fists tightly. He regretted sending Hillary overseas yesterday, causing her to fall into Karl Moore’s hands. Otherwise, she would be living a life worse than death right now. 
He retracted his gaze and gently went out. After closing the door, he went downstairs. 
In the living room downstairs. 
Karl Moore was sitting on the sofa in a black suit. There was a tattoo on the back of his hand, and it was obvious that it spread up to his arm. 
He was wearing sunglasses and was tall and strong. One could tell with just a look that he was from the mafia. 
At this moment, he was sizing up the Smiths’ house and said to the person beside him, “No wonder Black Cat insisted on returning to the country. Look, it’s still better in the country. The renovations are very exquisite!” 
Black Cat was the top mysterious expert in their assassin organization.
Karl Moore had never seen Black Cat before. He had only posted assassination missions on the Internet. Black Cat had very high requirements for assassination missions. 
Black Cat would not kill if it was inconvenient. 
The troublesome ones were not killed. 
Those who did not commit heinous crimes were not killed. 
Black Cat would not kill those who did not deserve to die. 
Whether the person should die depended on Black Cat’s personal judgment. 
If it were anyone else, Karl Moore would have tamed such a troublesome killer long ago. But this person was Black Cat, the number one killer in their organization. 
Three years ago, a triad organization appeared in Burundi. Wherever they went, not a blade of grass survived. They raped, killed, and plundered. They did not even let women and children off. It could be said that they committed all kinds of crimes! 
They had a powerful armed force and occupied the land of kings. The people in that area were suffering. 
At that time, the government was at a loss about this powerful armed force. They had tried to attack it a few times but were defeated. In the end, they had no choice but to post a kill order on the assassination network. 
The reward for killing the organization’s leader was in millions. 
It was not much money, but it had attracted many people to go on missions. However, none of them returned.
At that time, Karl Moore had not planned to take on the mission in the Assassin Organization. After all, the mission was too difficult and almost impossible to complete. However, Black Cat in their organization had privately accepted this mission. 
Karl Moore felt that Black Cat was dead meat. 
In the end! Black Cat entered that organization alone, took the other party’s head, and then retreated unscathed! Furthermore, even now, that assassination was a mysterious affair. 
That was because no one knew how Black Cat had killed the other party. They only vaguely heard from the other party that Black Cat was American. 
As for whether it was a man or a woman, they did not see clearly. 
It was also the battle with Black Cat that allowed the assassins to gain a foothold internationally! 
From then on, although Karl Moore was an honorary leader, he was extremely respectful to Black Cat. The entire organization followed his orders. 
That was… until three months ago, when Black Cat suddenly said that they wanted to return to the country to settle some matters, and told everyone not to disturb them. Then, Black Cat disappeared without a trace. 
Karl Moore decided to bring his subordinates back to New York. Firstly, he wanted to see if he could find out who Black Cat was. Secondly, he wanted to tour his hometown again. 
Unexpectedly, they bumped into Hillary… 
As he was thinking, Joel and Ian walked out at the same time.
When he saw Ian, Joel consciously stood behind him. Karl Moore was also stunned. “You’re still alive?” 
This familiar tone… 
Joel looked at Ian and saw that although Uncle Ian looked thin, his aura was astonishing. He sat steadily in the wheelchair and retorted, “You’re not even dead yet. How would I dare to die? How dare you bully us Smiths?” 
When he heard this, Karl Moore chuckled. “What are you talking about? What bullying? I’m just stepping up for the Joneses. You guys are too much. Why can’t they see their child?” 
Ian did not answer. It was obvious that he already knew everything. 
He said slowly, “Why are you helping them?” 
When Karl Moore heard this, he frowned. “Ah, because I owe Jill a favor.” 
Jill was Hillary and Tanya’s mother. 
Because after she married the Joneses, everyone had always called her Madam Jones. Therefore, Joel only realized who this person was after a while. 
He frowned and heard Ian laugh. “Love debt?” 
Karl Moore coughed. “Damn, I was just playing back then. Who knew that she would take it seriously? Since I broke her innocence and left, I have to help my old lover this time.” 
Ian’s lips twitched. “You’re giving face to your old lover, but not to me?” 
Karl Moore immediately said, “Over the years, I’ve given you a lot of face. Over the years, I’ve never touched the Smiths. Even if someone offered a high price, I never accepted an assassination! Now, give
me some face and sit down to discuss this matter!” 
He leaned forward and said, “The Joneses aren’t a wealthy family. You gave them a way out. So what? If you ask me, let your nephew marry her daughter! What love? Young man, at my age, you’ll realize that love is useless!” 
Joel: “…That’s impossible.” 
Karl Moore hesitated for a moment. “Then… worst-case scenario—you give her the child. At least she’ll have someone to rely on.” 
Joel explained, “There’s something else going on. Listen to me…” 
“Slam!” Almost as soon as he said this, Karl Moore slapped the table, revealing a gun. He said aggressively, “What? I don’t have time to listen to your chatter. Let me ask you something. Do the Smiths not intend to give face to the Assassin Organization?” 
After offending such a person, their safety in the future would be uncertain. 
Joel narrowed his eyes. Before they could collide, Ian sneered. “Karl Moore, you’re so arrogant. Do you think I can’t use my gun because I’m weak now?” 
Karl Moore was not afraid at all. “Brother, I’m sorry this time! There’s nothing I can do about it. I really owe Jill too much, so she asked me to do this. I don’t care what secrets you have, but you have to give me face today! 
Unless Black Cat is here, there’s no room for negotiation!!” 
In the bedroom upstairs. 
Perhaps it was because the commotion downstairs was a little loud, but Nora frowned slightly in her sleep.
Black Cat… 
Who the hell was shouting her code name non-stop?! It was so annoying! How could she sleep!
###Chapter 428
Nora flipped over in annoyance. She buried her head in the pillow angrily and covered her ears. 
Cherry and Pete, who were sitting on the sofa in the room, instantly fell silent. 
The characters in Cherry’s game didn’t dare to move anymore, as if they were afraid of disturbing her. 
In fact, Pete did not even dare to write the Mathematical Olympiad questions as he was afraid that the sound of the pen rubbing against the paper would disturb his mother. 
When Justin, who was sitting beside the two children, saw this scene, he lowered his eyes and suddenly stood up. 
When he stood up, Cherry and Pete looked at him simultaneously and immediately made a “shh” gesture. It was as if even Justin’s action of standing up would disturb Nora. 
Justin did not think that the two children’s performance was too exaggerated. Instead, he lightened his footsteps and slowly walked to the door. He bent down and opened the door before closing it again. 
They did not know how he did it, but he did not make a sound at all. 
After he left, the noise outside became even louder. 
Karl Moore’s voice was very loud, and the people standing behind him were all very powerful. They all stared at him. 
Ian and Joel’s expressions stiffened. 
Ian said slowly, “Are you sure you want to fall out?” 
Karl Moore snorted. “You’re the ones who didn’t give me face!” 
Joel’s voice became even colder. “I can give you face in other matters, but not in this matter!”
Tanya and Mia had just reunited. How could he give Mia to Hillary?! 
The Smiths were not to be trifled with either! 
If they had the ability, they could just come at them. 
After saying that, he casually held Ian’s wheelchair. Before Ian could speak, he slowly said, “Mr. Karl Moore, this is New York. Do you think this is a place where you can behave so atrociously?” 
With this sentence, a few bodyguards and people from the dark forces hidden in the Smiths’ servants slowly stood up and surged into the living room. 
The group of people placed their hands on their waists. It was obvious what was inside. 
Karl Moore narrowed his eyes. 
He smiled without a trace of fear. “The entire assassin organization knows that I’m here. If I don’t leave, do you think they will let the Smiths off?” 
Joel was still smiling, but that smile did not reach his eyes. 
Karl Moore sensed Ian and Joel’s true killing intent and became vigilant. “Heh, we assassins will not be threatened by the small Smiths!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, a deep voice suddenly sounded. “What if we include the Hunts?” 
With that, the people in the room looked up in unison and saw Justin slowly walking down the corridor. 
As he was at home, he did not wear a suit jacket. 
He was wearing a black shirt and a black tie. Coupled with his black pants… he was dressed fully in black. He had one hand in his pocket and the other hanging casually by his side.
He looked arrogant as he came downstairs. 
Joel and Ian looked at each other. 
Karl Moore had come to the Smiths to settle Hillary’s scores. It could be said that he was only here to look for Joel. However, because Joel was the head of the Smiths, it was inevitable that the family would be implicated. 
The two of them knew that Justin was upstairs. 
However, in this kind of direct confrontation with the assassin organization, they did not expect the Hunts to appear! 
After all! 
The Hunts were also a large family, and it did not belong to Justin alone! 
Moreover, Justin was not engaged to Nora yet. Even if he interfered and became a messenger or a mediator between them, it was more appropriate for him not to offend Karl Moore directly. 
However, neither Ian nor Joel expected that he would actually stand on their side and fight against Karl Moore! 
Justin was not afraid of Karl Moore at all. 
Or rather, Justin had a trump card, so he was not afraid of him. 
Ian narrowed his eyes. 
Joel’s fox-like eyes revealed his deep thoughts.
They had long heard that Justin was just the head of the Hunts. Therefore, although the Smiths and Hunts were two large families with equal strength in New York, the Smiths had never had the intention to suppress the Hunts. 
Someone had even warned them. 
Even if they offended the Hunt Corporation, they shouldn’t offend Justin! 
As he was thinking, Karl Moore was stunned. “Mr. Hunt, why are you here?” 
Justin went downstairs and walked to Ian and Joel’s side step by step. He no longer had the arrogance he had when he faced Karl Moore earlier. He first called out, “Uncle Ian, Brother Joel.” 
Then, he looked at Karl Moore. “Because my fiancée is here.” 
Karl Moore was speechless. 
Justin asked again, “Are you sure the assassin organization wants to become enemies with both the Smiths and the Hunts?” 
Karl Moore thought about it carefully and frowned. 
Of course, he did not want to make enemies of the two most powerful families in New York, but he had to return the favor for Jill. 
After all, he was still someone who had tender feelings for the fairer sex. 
Jill was crying like a pear blossom bathed in rain in front of his eyes. When he thought of how the two of them had been affectionate for a period of time many years ago, he snorted and looked up.
Seeing that he was about to say something that would shatter the relations between the three sides, Justin suddenly said, “Actually, Mr. Karl Moore, why don’t we each take a step back?” 
Karl Moore froze. 
Justin glanced at Joel. 
As the two men looked at each other, they understood each other’s thoughts. 
It turned out that they had thought of the same thing. 
Joel nodded imperceptibly. Justin took a step forward and said, “The face of the Hunts and Smiths is enough to make Mr. Karl Moore take a step back, right?” 
Karl Moore thought for a moment. “What do you propose?” 
Justin said, “Why don’t we leave this case over to the court to handle? Our two families promise not to use our power. We’ll hire the best lawyers and fight a fair lawsuit in court! In the end, the court will determine who the child belongs to. Of course, this way, the Joneses will definitely have the right to visit.” 
Karl Moore pondered this for a moment. 
He had come here today because Jill had said that the Smiths had suppressed them with their power, so they did not even have a chance to sue them. 
Justin’s words made sense. 
He picked up the gun on the table. “Alright, let’s do that! But even in New York, the influence of an assassin is unimaginable to you. Mr. Smith, Mr. Hunt, I hope you keep your word! I’ll go back now and get Hillary to return to the country to prepare for a lawsuit.”
###Chapter 429
Karl Moore came and went quickly. 
He had always been an energetic man. He had the loyalty of one from the pugilistic world, and he was also frank and domineering. Being able to become the leader of the assassin organization was enough to prove his personal charm. 
Actually, if he did not go against the Smiths, he would still be a respected big shot. 
After he left, Joel looked at Justin and the two of them smiled at each other. 
Ian looked at them and suddenly smiled. “The two brats are starting to scheme with each other!” 
Joel smiled awkwardly. “Uncle Ian, it’s not really a scheme.” 
Justin smiled faintly. The mole at the corner of his eye was glistening, and his appearance gave Ian a headache. 
Why was the man so arrogant? 
No wonder Nora had even given birth to his child. He indeed had the right to be proud of his looks. Sigh! 
As he thought about this, Justin said, “Hillary is overseas. Switzerland is Karl Moore’s territory. Only by bringing her back can she be executed.” 
Karl Moore was an unreasonable person. 
Even if Joel told him the truth, he would protect the person he wanted to protect until the end. 
Therefore, he might as well beat them at their own game! 
As for offending the assassin organization… Ha, Joel and Justin had never considered that!
Hillary had to pay for bullying Mia and Tanya! 
Joel smiled at Justin. This smile dispelled all his prejudices and he said directly, “Thank you.” 
Earlier, if Joel had said to take a step back, Karl Moore might have wondered if he had any suspicious intentions. 
However, it was different when Justin suggested it. It was very easy for Karl Moore to trust him. 
Justin smiled faintly, hiding his achievements and fame. “You’re welcome.” 
The two men who had competed in the business industry many times had completely reconciled at this moment. 
Ian glared at his nephew and could not help but cry in his heart. It’s over. The Smiths have been conquered by this man again! 
— 
After Karl Moore left the Smiths, a row of people walked into a black car. 
On the way, someone asked, “Boss, do you want to show the Smiths and Hunts some face? They actually dare to challenge you?” 
Karl Moore instantly slapped the guy’s head. “Kid, underestimating your enemy is your greatest mistake! Otherwise, you won’t even know what hit you.” 
The guy shrank his neck and scratched his head. “Aren’t they just two very rich families? With Black Cat on our side, we can just make a move and kill the two leaders!” 
When Karl Moore heard this, he missed Black Cat a little. “Without Black Cat, I don’t even have the confidence to challenge others. Seriously, where did Black Cat go?”
The subordinate was speechless. 
They arrived at the hotel where Karl Moore was temporarily staying. As soon as they entered, they saw Jill running around the lobby anxiously. 
When she saw him, she immediately walked forward. When she saw the people behind him, her eyes shook. But for her daughter… she mustered up the courage to ask, “How was it?” 
Karl Moore said, “Hillary can return to the country. They promised to fight a court case fair and square in the country!” 
A court case? 
Jill heaved a sigh of relief and then became worried. “Why must we stay here? Isn’t it your territory overseas?” 
Karl Moore sneered. “It’s indeed my territory overseas, but you will receive a court summons here. Whether you go or not is still a question. Anyway, don’t worry. They have agreed not to use any tricks or power this time.” 
With that, he looked at Jill. “As long as it’s a fair lawsuit, what are you afraid of? Isn’t it only right and proper for a mother to get her child back? Even if the court takes into account the financial power of the Smiths, don’t worry. With me around, nothing will happen to the Joneses’ financial situation in the future!” 
Upon hearing his words, Jill was relieved. “You’re right. Hillary wants to return to the country. We can’t let that adulterous couple live happily!” 
Upon hearing this, Karl Moore looked at Jill and asked, “I heard that Tanya is also your daughter?”
Jill’s eyes flickered. “No, she’s my elder brother’s illegitimate daughter. Back then, no one cared about her, so I adopted her. I didn’t expect to raise such an ingrate! Hillary is my biological daughter!” 
Karl Moore was enlightened when he heard this. 
He had actually investigated Jill. There was less than a year between Tanya and Hillary’s birth. Her pregnancy would take ten months, and with a month of confinement, this was too close! 
It turned out that Tanya was not her biological daughter. That made sense. 
Karl Moore did not care about these questions. Instead, he said, “I’ve already arranged for someone to bring Hillary back.” 
He looked at the time. “Your family will be reunited tonight. You don’t have to be afraid of the Smiths. Since they promised me, they won’t do anything to your family!” 
Jill nodded and looked up at Karl Moore pitifully. Her eyes were filled with tears. “Thank you, thank you… Otherwise, we would really be bullied this time. I don’t even know what to do…” 
Jill was old, but she still had her own way of acting coquettishly. 
Karl Moore found it a little strange. 
The way she looked when she was young made people dote on her. When she became older, it was a little… disgusting. 
Cough. 
Karl Moore moved his gaze away. “Alright, you can go back. Contact me if there’s anything! Don’t worry, I won’t ignore you.”
Jill nodded. 
At night, Hillary returned home. 
As soon as she arrived at the residence, she saw Mr. Jones pacing around anxiously in the living room. When he saw her, he instantly said, “What are you messing around for? For Mia’s sake, the Smiths will always take care of our family! If you go against them like this, what will happen in the future if you lose?” 
Hillary was scolded by him loudly. 
Madam Jones scolded Mr. Jones, “What are you saying about the child? This is our daughter. Are you even human? If you don’t care about her, I’ll find someone who can compete with the Smiths. I won’t let my daughter suffer!” 
When Hillary heard this, she threw herself into Madam Jones’s arms and cried. “Mom…” 
Madam Jones touched Hillary’s head. “Alright, alright. After you snatch the child back, go overseas. I believe he can help you.” 
Hillary nodded, but she was a little anxious. “But Mom, what if we lose this case?” 
“Lose?” 
Jill shook her head. “How could we lose? After all, we already have the upper hand in public opinion!” 
Hillary was taken aback. 
Public opinion?
###Chapter 430
Tanya did not know about Karl Moore. 
She only knew that they were about to go to court with Hillary. 
The next day was Monday. She brought Mia and Brandon to school as usual… As she had stayed with the Smiths last night, Joel personally took the three of them to kindergarten this morning. 
At the door, Tanya was a little nervous. “I’ll get out of the car first. Don’t let the teachers see me!” 
Joel stared at her in the driver’s seat. “What are you afraid of? Or do you not want to be seen with Mia?” 
Upon hearing this, Tanya immediately shook her head. “How could that be?!” 
She had just acknowledged her daughter, and she did not want to be separated from her for even a moment. 
Joel said, “Then be magnanimous and take your daughter to kindergarten!” 
“Alright, then.” 
Tanya nodded. 
The car arrived at the entrance of the kindergarten. Brandon got out of the car first and followed their teacher into the kindergarten. Tanya held Mia’s hand and walked in. 
When the teachers in the kindergarten saw them, their expressions changed. Someone asked awkwardly, “Ms. Turner, why are you here with Mia?” 
Before Tanya could say anything, Mia answered timidly, “Mommy was at my house yesterday!” 
‘Mommy’…
This greeting made the other teachers even more puzzled. 
They looked at each other and then came to a realization. They forced a smile at Tanya. “Okay, go in.” 
Tanya thought that the other party’s gaze was too ambiguous. She lowered her head and brought Mia into the kindergarten. 
Then, she sent Mia to her class and went to the dance studio. 
Mia sat in her seat after entering the class. 
Pete was worried about Nora, so he did not come to school. Mia sat alone in the corner, small and timid. 
The other children kept their distance from her. 
The adults at home had told them that Mia was weak and that they definitely couldn’t bully her in the kindergarten or get too close. 
If anything happened to Mia and her illness acted up, they would be blamed. 
Therefore, Mia had always been alone. 
It was just that recently, Pete had been closer to her and would bring her along every time they played. Cherry was the class’s favorite, and everyone played around her. Therefore, Mia gradually got to play with everyone. 
But today, the children were far away from her. 
Mia looked at Fawn sitting beside her and said, “Fawn, let’s go…” 
Before she finished, Fawn waved her hand. “I don’t want to. I don’t want to play with you. My mother said that you are an ingrate!”
Mia: “” 
She was stunned and looked around in confusion. 
All the children seemed to have heard this and began to point at Mia with disdain. 
Someone even asked her, “Mia, don’t you want your mother anymore? Do you want Ms. Turner to be your mother? Isn’t your mother sad to see you like this?” 
Mia bit her lip. “But Ms. Turner is my mother…” 
However, the five-year-olds could not differentiate the truth at all. They only believed whatever their parents said. 
They all began to isolate Mia. 
On Mia’s side, she was isolated from everyone. After all, she was a child of the Smiths and they didn’t dare to bully her. However, Tanya’s situation wasn’t much better than hers. 
After one class in the dance studio, she had no classes for the day, so she went to the office to rest. 
Before she could enter, she heard voices coming from inside. 
“She looks like a straightforward person. Why is she interfering in someone else’s family?” 
“Yes, you can’t tell from her appearance that she’s such a person…” 
“Tsk, can a mistress carve the words “mistress” on her face? But Ms. Turner is indeed good-looking. She has the capital…”
“But Mr. Smith is too much. It’s bad enough that he cheated on her, but he didn’t even let the child’s mother see her child. That’s too much! Indeed, there are no good people in wealthy families.” 
“Look, it’s on the trending searches again! Hillary has posted on Facebook!” 
Tanya narrowed her eyes when she heard this. 
She lowered her head and opened Facebook on her phone. 
The top trending topic was indeed a long post on Hillary’s Facebook. Tanya browsed through it. The other party’s general meaning was that Joel had been two-timing back then. After she got pregnant and gave birth to a child, she finally got together with Joel. However, she did not expect the mistress to return and ruin her family. After the man changed his attitude, he became even more ruthless and asked her to go overseas and not meet his daughter again. Tanya even coaxed her daughter to call her “Mommy.” Her only request now is to take her daughter away… She only hoped that the court would give her justice. 
If someone not in the know saw this, they would definitely scold Tanya and Joel! 
Furthermore, as a famous dancer and an artist, Tanya had her own Facebook. She already had more than a million followers. 
Hillary had even tagged her, causing many people to privately message her. Some even cursed her to die a horrible death. 
Tanya lowered her eyes at the various vicious words. 
At that moment, a voice sounded from behind. “Ms. Turner, what are you standing here for?” 
With this sentence, the female teachers in the room who had gathered together and were whispering suddenly stopped and looked at the door in surprise.
Seeing that she had been seen through, Tanya walked into the office. 
She looked at the female teachers who were talking and their condemning gazes and said directly, “Sometimes, what you see isn’t everything. Before you know the truth, I hope you can maintain your rationality. Furthermore, the case is about to start. There will always be an explanation!” 
However, it would have been fine if she had not spoken. The moment she did, the righteous teachers began to attack her. 
“Ms. Turner, I don’t know what kind of emotional entanglements you had with Mr. Smith in the past, and it’s true that Mia’s mother and Mr. Smith are not married. If you get involved, calling you a third wheel is a little too much. But! You shouldn’t have stopped the child’s mother from seeing the child!” 
“Yes, the child is still young. Do you think you can hide the truth by making her call you Mommy? When she grows up, she’ll know who her biological mother is sooner or later.” 
“Yeah, this is too much…” 
“The men in wealthy families are really heartless. If Mr. Smith can treat Mia’s mother like this today, wouldn’t he treat you like this too in the future when he finds someone else to love?” 
“Ms. Turner, it’s best to have a conscience.” 
“…” 
Hearing those words, Tanya sneered. “Then do you know what the truth is?”
###Chapter 431
The truth? 
Who would care about the truth at this point? 
The teachers curled their lips disdainfully and said nothing. 
After all, they had interacted with Mia a lot in school in the past, and Hillary had seemed like a good mother to outsiders. 
Hillary hadn’t dared to do anything too obvious all these years. At the very least, there was still Joel who had been keeping an eye on her. How would she possibly dare to abuse Mia? 
Thus, no one had ever considered that Mia might not be her daughter. 
However, these were the wealthy’s private affairs. The teachers didn’t dare to make overly-arrogant comments, either. After all, Mr. Smith could easily just make them lose their jobs. 
Seeing that no one was saying anything anymore, Tanya didn’t bother explaining anything else. After all, the fact that Mia was her daughter was a trump card that Joel was saving for the confrontation in court. Should they reveal it now, Karl might make other arrangements, or even straight-up send Hillary away. 
Since no one was saying anything anymore, both parties could just live in peace. 
In the afternoon, the principal of the kindergarten came up to them. With a worried look on his face, he said, “Ms. Turner, there are a few reporters outside…” 
Reporters? 
Tanya narrowed her eyes. In the end, she sighed and said, “Forget it. I’ll go on leave for the next few days.”
The principal was relieved. “Okay. Will you and Mia be leaving together? Or separately?” 
Tanya thought for a while. She couldn’t rest assured leaving her five-year-old daughter here. Moreover, the two had only just acknowledged each other, so it would be nice to stay at home together for a few days to bond with each other. 
Therefore, Tanya replied, “I will leave with Mia.” 
She entered the classroom and told Mia to come out. Then, she decided to leave quietly from the back door to avoid attracting the attention of the reporters at the front door. 
Unexpectedly, the moment she exited the back door, another group of reporters came forward and surrounded her and Mia. 
“Ms. Turner, what are your thoughts about being called a mistress on the Internet?” 
“Ms. Turner, are you really a third wheel in someone else’s relationship?” 
“Why are you forbidding the child’s mother from visiting her? Don’t you think it’s too much of you guys to do that?!” 
“Ms. Turner, a mother’s relationship with her daughter is something you cannot stop or destroy. Mistresses can never completely take the position of a lawful wife! This will not end well for the two of you!” 
“…” 
Tanya frowned and pressed Mia’s head against her chest as she hugged her tightly. 
In spite of that, a sharp-eyed reporter still spotted her. She immediately pointed the microphone at the child in Tanya’s arms, and even reached out and tapped the little girl. “You must be little Mia, right? Little girl, do you not want your mother anymore?”
Mia received a huge fright. There was a timid look in her eyes. 
She looked over and glanced at the reporter, but Tanya pressed her head back against her chest. Tanya gave the reporter a warning look and said, “She is just a child. Don’t target her!” 
The rest of the reporters had moral boundaries to some extent, but that particular reporter remained aggressive. It was obvious at one glance that she had been bribed by Hillary. She sneered, “Are you afraid that the girl will say that she wants her mother if we ask her questions? Is that why you’re not even letting her speak? Ms. Turner, you’re too arrogant for a mistress!” 
Tanya wanted to speak, but Mia, who was in her arms, suddenly lifted her head. 
The little girl had always been timid and a pushover, but in this instant, she wanted to protect her mother. She shouted, “I want Daddy and Mommy Tanya! You’re not allowed to badmouth Mommy Tanya!” 
“…” 
A child’s reaction was the most genuine. 
The rest of the reporters were stunned. 
However, the same reporter said, “Little girl, where’s your conscience? Your mom went through so much to give birth to you after ten months of pregnancy. Are you going to be an ingrate? What exactly did Tanya Turner give you for you to protect her like this?! Or is it because you think that your father is richer and more powerful than your mother, so you want to stay with your father instead? How can you be so practical when you’re still a child? Or perhaps, you are being threatened by your father or Ms. Turner?” 
Mia had never been questioned like that before. The reporter’s questions made her dumbfounded. 
Mist formed in her eyes, and she cried out while in tears, “Sob! Don’t scold Mommy Tanya anymore!”
Tanya was infuriated. 
Seeing that the reporter’s microphone was about to jab right into Mia’s face, and that there was even a camera filming Mia, she pushed the reporter angrily. Then, she grabbed the camera and smashed it onto the ground! 
Smash! 
The camera shattered all over the ground. 
At this point, in the distance, the bodyguards and kindergarten security guards, who had sensed something wrong, rushed over and separated Tanya from the reporters. 
Tanya stared at the reporter and said, “Don’t drag the children in the adults’ affairs! I’ve already said that just now! As for the camera, I will compensate you for it!” 
With Mia in her arms, Tanya strode toward the van nearby. 
It was only after they got in the car that Tanya finally put Mia down. 
The little girl was shaking. Her eyes were all red, and she had tears in them. She asked weakly, “Mommy, did I do something wrong? Why are those people being so fierce to me?” 
Her words made Tanya’s heart ache. 
She thought of the situation just now, and she became so angry that she felt like she was about to explode. 
She picked up her phone and dialed Joel’s number at once. “Goddammit, I’m going to sue that reporter!” 
When Joel heard her swearing, he asked, “What’s the matter?”
After Tanya explained what had happened, Joel’s voice was even colder than hers. “That reporter is going to jail for life!” 
Joel hurried home and arrived just as Tanya and Mia reached home. 
It was only when he saw that the two women were safe and sound that he finally breathed a sigh of relief. However, when he saw that both Tanya’s and Mia’s eyes were all red, Joel’s eyes narrowed. 
Fortunately, the trial would be commencing the next day, so his wife and daughter would no longer have to suffer such grievances. 
He took a deep breath, took a step forward, and put his arms around Tanya’s and Mia’s shoulders. 
He didn’t expect the matter to ferment further in the evening, though. 
His assistant handed his phone to Joel and showed him the news. When he looked at it, he found that the number one trending topic on social media right now was about that reporter. 
The reporter was crying as she looked into the camera. “To cameramen and photographers, the camera is tantamount to their life, as well as their most precious partner. But Ms. Turner smashed my camera so arrogantly. She also said that the Smiths would compensate me for it… 
“But they instead sued me after that. If it weren’t for a certain someone who helped me out, I would probably be under investigation in the police station right now! 
“Even so, I have received a lot of bloody packages in the mail. It is clear that they are threatening me! I am not afraid of threats, and I will fight against the power they hold to the death! I will not succumb to their threats! Even if the power they wield is too arrogant and too fearsome. 
“My friends, if you don’t see me tomorrow, then it must be because I’ve been attacked. I don’t want to die! Please help me!”
The video’s comments section was full of curses.
###Chapter 432
The wealthy were generally fastidious about handling things in a low-key fashion. Very few would kick up a huge fuss. 
Hillary was intending to fight a battle of public opinion so that the judge would sympathize with her more when they went to court. One could say that she was resorting to very unscrupulous means just to win the lawsuit. 
To think the reporter had been released, though… From the looks of it, it was Karl who had done something about it. 
Joel was rather troubled. 
The amount of influence that Karl had in the States had exceeded his expectations a little. 
He wasn’t really bothered, though. As the head of the Smiths, this bit of trouble was nothing to him. He was just a little worried that Tanya would not be able to take it if she saw the comments. 
Joel put down the phone and entered the room. 
The moment he did, he heard Tanya reading out the private messages that random people had sent her. “This person says that third wheels in relationships always end up miserable! He’s right, a third wheel like Hillary certainly won’t have any happiness left! 
“This one says that we bullied the little reporter. Tsk, how blind is he? Didn’t he see the reporter forcing a kid to answer her questions? 
“And this one, too. He says that I don’t have any class because I hit the reporter. Hah, he’s right. Compared to someone like her who reprimands others when she doesn’t even know the truth, I certainly don’t have that much class. But I at least don’t have such a high level of ideological consciousness that I would interfere in other people’s matters…”
“…” 
Joel: “…” 
He had almost forgotten what kind of family Tanya had grown up in. She had already experienced several flaming wars a long time ago, so she didn’t give two hoots about it anymore. 
Cherry was seated opposite her. “Do you need me to scold them for you, God-mom? I’m really good at dissing people!” 
“Do you know how to spell what you want to write?” asked Pete. 
Cherry: “…” 
Pete took the opportunity to persuade her. “You should practice your spelling when you have time! We have to study hard, okay?” 
At the mention of studying, Cherry pouted and said, “You are not lovable anymore, Pete!” 
Pete sighed. 
The tyrant was strict with him, but he simply spoiled Cherry too much. This led to Cherry not knowing how to spell a lot of words, even though she was already five. He looked down at his Mathematical Olympiad problems that were nearly at high school-level, and felt that his sister was simply too stupid! 
Tanya laughed when she saw the two children bicker. “The two of you are so… but it’s true that you should practice your spellings properly, Cherry. Mia can already spell more than 500 words!” 
Cherry curled her lips disdainfully. “If I really wanted to do it, I could memorize 500 spellings in a minute. I just don’t want to, that’s all! Besides, Daddy said that I am a girl, so I don’t have to tire myself out like that!”
Tanya: “…” 
She quickly put her arms around Mia and said to her, “Don’t follow what Cherry does, okay?” 
Mia nodded sensibly. “Okay, Mommy!” 
Every time she heard Mia calling her ‘Mommy’, Tanya’s heart would melt a little. She smiled and said, “My little baby Mia is so well-behaved~” 
Mia’s cheeks flushed at once. 
Next to them, Cherry stuck out her tongue. “You’re calling her a little baby when she’s already five? God- mom, you are too mushy!” 
Tanya looked up at her. “No matter how old you become, to your mothers, all of you will always be children!” 
Cherry tilted her head but didn’t refute her this time. 
At this point, Joel came in and said, “Mia is also a girl, so she doesn’t need to study that hard.” 
Tanya glared at him. “Don’t be a slave to your daughter like Mr. Hunt! Besides, Mia is different from Cherry…” 
Cherry was always filled with confidence. 
Although Nora hadn’t said anything about it before, Tanya had nevertheless discovered that the little girl was very smart, and could quickly master anything she was learning. 
As for Mia, perhaps because she had been brought up by Hillary, she was always lacking in confidence.
She was always afraid that other people would dislike her, or that she wouldn’t perform well enough. 
A person like her would only be confident and have a better future if she became strong. Every child was different. 
Tanya had specially taken psychology classes before she joined the kindergarten as a teacher. 
Joel, who had been lectured, touched his nose. Then, he said, “Don’t look at the news on the Internet anymore.” 
Tanya nodded and tossed the phone aside. “I find them very ignorant, too. I read it just now because I wanted to strengthen Mia’s mental resilience. Say, why are they so childish, though? Is it actually that easy to make them think a certain way?” 
Joel replied, “They are just a bunch of trolls on the Internet. Don’t bother yourself with them.” 
Tanya nodded again and said with a smile, “There are still people who are supportive of me! For example…” 
“For example, the young and popular singer, Clement Carter?” 
Joel suddenly raised his eyebrows as he stared at the trending topics on social media on the phone before he shifted his gaze to Tanya. 
Tanya was taken aback. “What’s up with Clement?” 
Joel handed her the phone. Only then did Tanya notice that the hashtag #ClementCarterSpeaksUpForTanyaTheThirdWheel was trending. 
Tanya: “?” 
When she tapped on the hashtag, she found out that Clement’s latest tweet was:
Clement Carter: “Don’t just follow the herd. To me, Ms. Turner has always been an open and straightforward person. She would never do that sort of thing. I trust her. @TanyaDances” 
Tanya: “…” 
Clement wasn’t a pop star. Rather, he was a singer and music artist. 
His voice was said to hail from the heavens, and he could switch between high pitch and low pitch very easily. 
Clement enjoyed extremely high international acclaim. 
He had a rich voice and a very wide vocal range. No matter how difficult the song was, he could easily handle it. 
At the same time, he was also part of the Carters in New York. The family itself had a very strong artistic background and was a true family of artists. 
When Tanya saw the verbal abuse he was suffering because he had spoken up for her, she couldn’t help but ask, “Why is he sticking his head out at such a time?” 
The way she spoke sounded as if she was very close to him. 
Joel asked sourly, “Does your heart ache because he was scolded?” 
Tanya: “…” 
She finally noticed the jealous lover in front of her. Tanya burst out laughing and said, “It’s Clement, you know. It’s not like you don’t know him. Didn’t we play a lot with one another when we were kids?” 
Joel snorted.
Tanya said, “When I left the country, he also went abroad for further studies. We once had a cross- industry artistic collaboration where he sang and I danced, so we got to know each other better.” 
“Tsk.” 
Joel couldn’t help but say, “He sings while you dance. That sounds lovely.” 
Tanya burst into loud laughter again. She knew that Joel was not really jealous. Rather, he was just teasing her because he was worried that she would be affected by the remarks on the internet. 
She pointed at Joel and asked, “Did someone fill you up with jealousy today?” 
Joel was relieved to see that she was really alright. 
In the evening, the two of them watched over Mia. 
As they lay on either side of Mia, Joel looked at Tanya and suddenly asked, “Are you nervous about going to court tomorrow?”
###Chapter 433
With Mia in between, Tanya looked back at him. Fearing that she might wake Mia, her voice was very low and soft as she replied, “No, I’m not.” 
Joel made a sound of acknowledgment. 
Tanya thought that he was going to sleep, so she pulled the quilt over herself and closed her eyes. 
It was summer, so the air conditioner in the room was turned very low. Tanya and Mia shared a quilt while Joel used another quilt. 
When Tanya was about to fall asleep, Joel’s soft voice reached her. “Don’t worry, Tanya. I will definitely make Hillary pay for what she did.” 
Surprised, Tanya turned to Joel. In the dark, she could see a cold look in his eyes. He didn’t raise his voice, but it was as if there was power in his words. “I won’t let anyone bully the two of you anymore.” 
Tanya pressed her lips together. Her eyes reddened and sorrow welled up in her. 
When she was young, she had tried her best and given her all for love, but she hadn’t known how to love. She would kick up a huge fuss whenever she met with the slightest bit of unhappiness and often threatened to break up whenever they quarreled. 
It was as if she was fearless. 
It’s only when one recovers what they have lost that they finally discover how precious the love is. 
She suddenly hated her past self. Why had she called Joel when she saw the photo? Why hadn’t she gone to him with the photo and asked him for a clear explanation? 
If she had asked him for an explanation, and if he hadn’t said those hurtful words in a flash of anger, the two of them might not have let these five years pass them by like that.
Mia probably would not have been lost, either. 
Tanya suddenly reached over past Mia. She fumbled around and then held Joel’s hand. This time, she would never let go. 
— 
When they exited the bedroom after waking up the next day, they saw Justin coming out of Nora’s bedroom. 
Joel subconsciously asked, “Last night, you…” 
“I slept in the guest room.” 
The beauty mark at the corner of Justin’s eye shimmered as he replied politely, “I just went in to see if she is awake.” 
Joel breathed a sigh of relief. Sensing that he had made a mountain out of a molehill just now, he coughed and said, “Oh, I wasn’t suspecting you of taking the opportunity to take advantage of her. I just wanted to ask if you slept well last night.” 
Justin glanced at him but didn’t expose his brother-in-law’s thoughts. After all, his father-in-law still disliked him for some strange reason at the moment. 
He needed his brother-in-law’s help. 
Justin nodded. “I slept pretty well. I’ll come to the court with you guys later.” 
Joel said, “Actually, you don’t have to go to so much trouble. We’ve already prepared everything we need in court today.”
Justin coughed. “I’m going for Nora, lest she gets angry when she wakes up and finds out that I haven’t shown enough concern.” 
Joel: “…” 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. He suddenly felt that his brother-in-law was getting more and more thick-skinned. 
The group of people left the house, split up, and got into a few cars. Soon, they arrived at the court entrance. 
As soon as they got out of the car, Hillary rushed out from somewhere and went straight up to the two of them before they even entered the court. 
Behind Hillary was a large number of reporters. 
Thud! 
Hillary knelt right in front of Tanya and Joel. Her eyes were red as she said, “Mr. Smith, Tanya. I can give the two of you my blessing and withdraw from the relationship, but you can’t do this to me. Please, I beg you. Give my daughter back to me! Mia is everything to me!” 
The reporters whipped out their cameras and started snapping away. 
Tanya and Joel looked at each other. 
Joel said, “Ms. Jones, the court has the final say today, so please get up.” 
Hillary, however, was crying very badly. “I was wrong, Mr. Smith. I shouldn’t have pestered you, and I should have withdrawn from the relationship myself, but you can’t just drive me out of the country. Mia
was once part of my body, you can’t just separate me from my daughter like this! I believe that Mia wouldn’t be willing to leave her mother, either. Where’s Mia? Mia?” 
She looked behind the two of them. 
Some of the reporters also looked behind them. They immediately asked: 
“Where’s the child?” 
“Yeah, Mr. Smith, the court instructed you to bring Ms. Smith with you because they may ask the child some questions.” 
“Did you not bring the child with you? You’re too much!” 
Hillary cried even harder. “I haven’t seen Mia for a week, Mr. Smith! I just want to see the girl! Just a look would do!” 
Joel and Tanya exchanged a look. 
Tanya lowered her gaze. When she thought of all the pain she had suffered during those five years, and how reserved and timid Mia was every time she mentioned her mother, a wave of anger surged up in her. 
How she wished she could rip Hillary’s face apart and cut her into shreds! 
To think she still had the cheek to mention the child… 
Tanya slowly said, “Hillary, you’ll never see the child ever again for the rest of your life!” 
After saying that, she held Joel’s arm, and the two of them walked straight into the court!
Hillary’s tragic and miserable sobs rang out outside. “Tanya, how can you do this to me?! How can you?! My daughter! I just want my daughter!” 
The reporters around them did not dare to approach Tanya and Joel—after all, they were outside the court. Thus, they surrounded Hillary. 
“Ms. Jones, how confident of winning the lawsuit are you?” 
“Ms. Jones, did you file a lawsuit for money or for your daughter?” 
Hillary got up. She wiped the tears from her eyes and wept as she said to the camera, “I don’t want money! I don’t want anything except my daughter!” 
With a sad and pitiful look in her eyes, she said, “I know I’m unemployed at the moment, but the Joneses are also rich. I receive dividends from the Joneses’ company. I am also willing to work for my daughter’s sake! 
“My daughter is everything to me! 
“I can withdraw from the love triangle, but my daughter is innocent!” 
She burst into tears. “Please, everyone, help me! Help me get my daughter back!” 
She wept fiercely. Her tears made the audience watching the live broadcast full of pity and heartache for her. 
For a time, public opinion completely took her side. 
Everyone was cursing Tanya and Joel in the comments of the live-stream.
“What makes Tanya think she can take such an aggressive attitude against Hillary? She’s so shameless!” 
“Ahhhh!! That sight pisses me off so much! Hillary must win this lawsuit! Otherwise, none of us will accept the outcome!” 
“Yes, the judiciary should not outweigh feelings. We will fight alongside you in this lawsuit!” 
… 
… 
Hillary cried so badly that she had to be helped into the court in the end. 
Outsiders were not allowed to enter the lounge at the back. 
As soon as Hillary entered, she ran head-on into Tanya. 
She cast her eyes down and said sadly, “Tanya, I can give you Joel, but not Mia. I will definitely win the lawsuit!” 
Because she already had the upper hand in public opinion!!
###Chapter 434
Tanya stared at Hillary. 
Never would she have ever expected that the woman, who had merely bullied and humiliated her a little five years ago, would actually go as far as to steal her child! 
She had only been slightly under twenty years old at that time. 
Hillary resembled Jill a lot, but she and Tanya didn’t really look alike. Her temper and personality were also similar to Jill’s. This must be one of the reasons why Jill had preferred Hillary and disliked Tanya ever since they were kids, right? 
With that in mind, Tanya sneered, “We won’t know until we reach the end.” 
Hillary’s eyes flickered. 
At this moment, Jill, who had entered a moment later than Hillary, spotted the two of them. She immediately charged over, stretched out her arm, and slapped Tanya across her cheek. “You little bitch! Who told you you could come back to the States? It’s all your fault that things have come to this point!” 
Tanya took a step back. 
She was no longer the little girl from the past who couldn’t fight back. 
She sneered, “We’re at the court, Mrs. Jones. Please show some respect, or else I will sue you!” 
Jill was furious. “Who are you calling Mrs. Jones? I am your mother!” 
Tanya gave her a mocking smile. “Really? But didn’t you already tell me a long time ago that you’ve severed ties with me?”
She took out her cell phone and played an audio recording. It was from five years ago when she was pregnant overseas. It was hard for her to find a job at that time, so she had bitten the bullet and approached Jill to ask for a bit of money for living expenses. 
Jill’s voice was very calm in the recording. 
“$3,000? What are you thinking? I can buy a handbag with that money! Besides, you are already an adult, so I am not obligated to pay for your tuition fees. Think of a solution yourself! Didn’t you work part- time during college for your tuition fees? Didn’t you say that you will never use even a cent of my money when you were a kid? Heh… 
“From now on, I will take it that I have never had a daughter like you, while you have never had me as a mother. I hope we will never see each other ever again!” 
Those few lines of hers had severed the mother-daughter relationship between Tanya and her. This was also why Tanya had never been to the Joneses despite so much time passing since her return to the States. 
When Jill heard the recording, she sneered, “Hah, what an ingrate you are. To think you remember those things I said so clearly. Never mind if you don’t want to bear the responsibility of supporting me in old age, because I have never once counted on you to do that, either! But how could you turn around and bully us so maliciously?” 
Tanya looked at her and Hillary. She couldn’t help but retort, “Who exactly is bullying whom here?” 
Her simple one-liner made Hillary and Jill exchange a look. Jill then yelled angrily, “Does it matter who the one bullying the other is? You are the one who’s targeting the Joneses now! You’d best agree to settle in private while the trial has yet to start. Otherwise, I will make you pay!” 
No one knew what gave her the confidence to say something like that.
When Tanya wanted to reply, Joel asked, “How do you intend to make her pay?” 
His words made Jill choke. 
Joel came over, put his arm around Tanya’s shoulder, and looked at Jill. “Mrs. Jones, may I ask, what are you planning to do to my fiancée?” 
Jill was shocked. “When did the two of you get engaged?” 
Joel cast his eyes down. “You don’t have to bother yourself with that, Mrs. Jones. I think the two of you should use this time to discuss the case with each other instead of glaring at and saying mean things to my fiancée.” 
When Jill wanted to reply, Mr. Jones strode over and grabbed both Jill and Hillary. He smiled and said to Joel, “Look at how big a fuss this has become, Mr. Smith… It’s all because the kids are so insensible. Please forgive us!” 
Joel did not say any more. He dragged Tanya back to the lounge. 
After the two of them went in, Mr. Jones flew into a rage as he stared at Jill and Hillary. “Can the two of you stop creating so much trouble?! We are already about to go to court, so stop provoking them and making trouble in private!” 
Hillary curled her lips disdainfully. “Dad, all you know is to blame me whenever we run into trouble! They are obviously the ones in the wrong! You’re just afraid of Mr. Smith’s power, right? But you don’t have to be anymore!” 
Jill raised her chin slightly at Hillary’s words, and she also said impatiently to Mr. Jones, “Alright, that’s enough. Karl has already agreed to intervene, so nothing will go wrong!”
Mr. Jones stared at the two women and pointed at them angrily. “Karl will eventually leave. Once he leaves, the Smiths have a thousand and one ways to make us pay! The two of you have created so much trouble for the Joneses!” 
However, Jill and Hillary completely ignored him and even curled their lips disdainfully. 
Jill even said, “If worse comes to worst, the whole family can just migrate to Switzerland. Karl has both power and authority over there, so he can protect us!” 
Mr. Jones: “!!” 
He stared at Jill and shouted angrily, “Migrate to Switzerland? The way I see it, it’s more like you and him are still in love, isn’t it?!” 
Afraid that others would overhear what he had said, Mr. Jones turned and left angrily. 
Hillary stared at him from the back and pursed her lips. She said, “Look at him, Mom. Why do I have such a pushover of a father?! He doesn’t even have the courage to stand up for his daughter! If only Karl was my father!” 
Jill’s eyes flickered the moment she said that. 
She patted Hillary and said, “Don’t talk nonsense!” 
Then, she and Hillary entered the lounge. 
Soon, it was time for the trial. 
Both parties entered the courtroom and sat opposite each other.
Karl had found a very famous lawyer for Hillary. After both parties took their seats, the judge asked the plaintiff to speak. The attorney immediately stood up and said reproachfully, 
“Mr. Smith, where is Ms. Mia Smith? The court had instructed you to bring her here so that she can be asked whether she wants to stay with her father or her mother. Why didn’t you bring her?” 
He looked at the judge and went on. “Or is it because you have no respect for the court at all? And think you can do whatever you want because of the Smiths’ power? 
“It has been very long since my client last saw her daughter. By separating mother and daughter from each other, and showing no respect for the court, your actions are simply atrocious!” 
As Hillary had made a huge fuss and blown up the lawsuit before the trial, everyone was afraid that the Smiths would bribe the judge, so they had vehemently demanded a live-stream of the court proceedings. 
After giving it some thought, the court had agreed to the public’s request. 
Therefore, the trial was currently being broadcast live. 
People were commenting fiercely in the live-stream: 
“Isn’t he showing too little respect to the law?” 
“He’s so arrogant! But with so many of us watching, the court won’t cover up for the Smiths!” 
… 
Amid the discussion, the judge frowned. 
After all, the fact that Joel had not brought Mia along had gone against their wishes. His actions were indeed rather disrespectful of the court.
He frowned. At this point, the defendant’s attorney stood up.
###Chapter 435
When the people watching the live-stream saw the lawyer stand, all of them started ranting in the comments. 
“That lawyer has no conscience! How can he help the Smiths in this lawsuit? Who knows how much money the Smiths have given him?” 
“I heard that lawyer has never lost any of his cases. He’s definitely gonna lose the one today, right?” 
“Mr. Lawyer, can you have a bit of a conscience? How can you help the Smiths bully a weak and helpless woman? I am so disappointed in you!” 
“I hope the lawyer dies together with his whole family!” 
Hillary and her attorney next to her were also paying attention to the happenings online. 
In addition, there were also people constantly keeping the judge up-to-date about the people’s opinions. After all, he had to take the people’s opinions into consideration, too. 
The judge sighed when he heard that everyone was taking the plaintiff’s side. 
It would probably be very difficult for the defendant to win the case this time! 
While he was thinking about it, the defendant’s attorney said, “Your Honor, members of the jury. First of all, I would like to explain the relationship between my client and the plaintiff.” 
He walked out from behind the desk, looked at Hillary, and said, “According to my investigations, Mr. Joel Smith and Ms. Tanya Turner have been in love since they were in junior high, and their relationship continued even after they entered college. They are recognized by everyone as a model couple. Mr. Smith and Ms. Turner’s classmates can testify to this. The plaintiff will not deny this, right?” 
Hillary narrowed her eyes.
Her attorney stood up and said, “That has nothing to do with the case. After all, a lot of people’s first relationships do not last. Does every spouse have to give way to their partner’s first love just because they have returned? Be it true love or his inability to forget his previous lover, it is no reason or excuse for Mr. Smith to cheat on and betray Ms. Jones!” 
His answer was very well-worded. A whole row of thumbs-ups appeared in the comments. 
“That lawyer said it! No matter what, they have already broken up back then. To put it bluntly, even if Jones was the third wheel in Turner and Smith’s relationship back then, the two of them have already had a child together. Tanya Turner shouldn’t have come back!” 
“I’ve just imagined a big story about Turner coming back for revenge!” 
“Don’t say any more. Let’s listen to them instead. What if the reason for Turner and Smith’s breakup back then wasn’t Jones?” 
Almost at the same time the comment appeared, the defendant’s attorney said, “Of course. My client requested that I make this clear in the courtroom in front of the judge and everyone in the country because he doesn’t want Ms. Turner to be called a third wheel.” 
The plaintiff’s lawyer couldn’t help but laugh when he heard what he said. He looked straight at the judge and said, “ion, Your Honor. That has nothing to do with the case. What we are here to talk about is Ms. Mia Smith’s custody, and not who the real third wheel of their relationship is!” 
Tanya, who was seated in the defendant’s dock, was surprised. 
She turned and looked at Joel. 
The two of them had agreed that they would immediately lay out sufficient evidence at the beginning of the trial, and change her status from the defendant to the plaintiff. She hadn’t expected her attorney to actually walk out and say something like that.
Was Joel… trying to clear her name? 
The plaintiff’s attorney looked at the defendant’s attorney, as well as Joel and Tanya who were seated in the dock. He said, “Even if my client had been the third wheel in your relationship back then, she did not break the law! Moreover, she even gave birth to a daughter for Mr. Smith. As a mother, she has the right and duty to raise her child!” 
The defendant’s attorney looked straight at the judge. “Your Honor, I mentioned the past because this case can no longer be looked at normally. Humans are creatures of emotion. When everyone is censuring my client, I have the right to defend them. I ask the court for permission to explain things clearly to everyone.” 
The judge looked at Hillary, and then at Tanya and Joel. At last, he nodded. “Permission granted.” 
The defendant’s attorney looked straight at Hillary. “You were the third wheel in Mr. Smith and Ms. Turner’s relationship back then. Do you admit to this?” 
Hillary curled her lips disdainfully. “They were just dating back then. It’s not like they were married, so you can’t say that I was the third wheel at all! Mr. Smith and I were also really in love back then!” 
“Is that so?” The defendant’s attorney couldn’t help but smile. “But as far as I know, even though you claim that you have given birth to a daughter for Mr. Smith, the two of you did not become engaged or hold a wedding. Moreover, Mr. Smith also signed an agreement with you back then. The agreement says that once Ms. Mia Smith is five years old, Mr. Smith will terminate his marriage agreement with you, and the two of you will regain your respective freedom. Accordingly, the Smiths will take care of the Joneses’ business during those five years. Once the agreement is terminated, Ms. Mia Smith’s custody is to go to Mr. Smith. Therefore, can I interpret this as a transaction, except that Ms. Jones intends to go back on her word?!” 
Hillary was rendered speechless. 
The people in support of Hillary in the comments were also stunned. For a while, they didn’t quite know what to say. 
“In that case, it seems that the Smiths aren’t in the wrong?” 
“But isn’t it too much to prevent the mother from seeing her daughter?” 
The plaintiff’s attorney stood up. “The relationship between a mother and her daughter cannot be described as a transaction. Ms. Jones is not a surrogate mother! That agreement was illegal from the start! Besides, as Ms. Smith’s mother, Ms. Jones has visitation rights!” 
He glanced at Hillary. 
Hillary immediately got the hint. 
Before they came here, the two of them had already discussed how they should deal with the agreement. Hillary immediately started to weep. “Yes, that’s why I want to ask the court for help in mediation. It was my first time being a mother back then. The Smiths are too powerful, so I had no other choice. But during the last five years where my daughter and I were dependent on each other, we have already developed strong feelings for each other. How can one control their own emotions? Your Honor, what kind of agreement can stop a mother from seeing her own children?” 
She then started to cry bitterly. “Please, Mr. Smith, give me a way out! I’ve already fallen into depression because I can’t see my daughter!” 
The plaintiff’s lawyer immediately produced a diagnostic report for depression. “This is my client’s diagnostic report. She misses her daughter too much. I hope the court can be considerate toward her difficulties.”
At the sight, everyone in the comments suddenly started to sympathize with Hillary again. 
“The Smiths are simply too cold-blooded! The richer people are, the more domineering they become! They don’t care for people’s feelings at all! How can they let the child grow up in a family like that?!” 
“Exactly! It is not right to stop a mother from meeting her daughter! How can they do that?!” 
“The Smiths are too much!” 
“The child’s mother is already depressed. She’s so pitiful. She just wants to see her child, what’s so wrong about that?” 
“Who knows, maybe the Smiths had threatened her into signing the agreement back then!” 
“My god, look at where the defendants are! Turner and Smith are completely expressionless even when they saw Jones crying so badly! They are so heartless! Capitalists are the worst!” 
“Yes, they are too inhumane! The child may not understand anything right now, but she will hate them once she grows up and realizes the truth!” 
… 
… 
Everyone’s words and the stances they took were conveyed to the judge. 
The judge glanced at the defendants. They had completely lost the public’s support. 
However, at the defendant’s dock, Tanya was still glaring at Hillary furiously while Joel was expressionless. Even their attorney looked completely calm as if he was not moved by Hillary’s cries at all.
He lowered his gaze and asked, “The defendants, what else do you have to say?” 
Joel and Tanya exchanged a look. 
Tanya had a firm look in her eyes, but her eyes were gradually turning red. 
Joel turned to the attorney and nodded at him. 
Following the nod, the defendant’s attorney suddenly walked out from behind the desk and looked at the judge. “Your Honor, I have a piece of evidence I’d like to submit.” 
The judge nodded. 
The defendant’s lawyer handed over two documents. 
The judge was shocked when he saw the documents, and his expression changed drastically. He glanced at Tanya with a complicated look in his eyes, and then looked at Hillary with a frown. Disgust flashed across his eyes. 
In the comments, everyone was speculating. 
“What evidence is that? It actually made the judge’s expression totally change.” 
“Oh no, the way he’s looking at Smith and Turner isn’t that cold anymore. Could it be that they didn’t submit evidence but a check just now?” 
“How can they bribe the judge so openly? They are too much!” 
Hillary glanced at the comments out of the corner of her eye. When she saw that all the comments were siding with her, the corners of her lips curled up slightly.
However, it was at this moment that the defendant’s attorney slowly said, “Your Honor, members of the jury. On behalf of my client Ms. Tanya Turner, I shall now file a lawsuit against Ms. Hillary Jones for maliciously stealing Ms. Turner’s child five years ago!! This led to my client being separated from her daughter for as long as five years. May the law impose the most severe sanction on Ms. Jones! I demand that Ms. Jones compensate my client for emotional damages, as well as damages for material losses incurred while searching for her daughter for the last five years!” 
His words caused a furor to go through everyone!!
###Chapter 436
Hillary got up abruptly and looked at them in disbelief. 
What did they say just now? 
How could this be?! 
How did she know?! 
She understood Tanya very well. Because she loved Joel too much, she would never tell him that she had lost her child. After all, who wouldn’t be miserable about losing their child? 
But if it wasn’t her who had brought it up, Joel would never imagine that Mia might be Tanya’s daughter… 
So, how did they realize the truth?! 
Terribly shocked, she stared in front of her in astonishment. 
At the same time, countless question marks also flashed across the comments. 
“” 
“?” 
“” 
… 
The plaintiff’s attorney was dumbfounded while the comments were being filled with question marks. He asked, “What nonsense are you saying?”
The defendant’s… no, the defendant had already turned into the plaintiff at this point. The attorney looked straight at Hillary. As a lawyer, he had always been calm when handling cases, but when he realized the truth, even he couldn’t help but subconsciously become angry when he looked at the woman. 
He spoke loudly and forcefully. “The evidence in the judge’s and the jury’s hands can prove whether I’m talking nonsense or not! The evidence consists of two reports, one is a DNA test report conducted for Ms. Turner and Ms. Mia Smith, and the other is proof that Ms. Jones had stolen the baby! On the day that Ms. Turner gave birth, Ms. Jones had booked a return ticket from Switzerland! Even though she went there by herself, she had returned with a baby!” 
His words made Hillary’s attorney dumbfounded. 
Before the trial, attorneys would typically probe into their client’s private affairs in order to prevent the other party from producing surprise evidence that they weren’t prepared for. 
Therefore, Hillary had even told her attorney the truth about her being the third wheel in Joel and Tanya’s relationship beforehand. That was why the attorney hadn’t even once accused Tanya of being the third wheel in Hillary’s family, for fear that the other party would take advantage of it to counterattack. 
Never would he have ever expected such an unbelievable plot twist! 
The plot twist was simply too big. The lawsuit between Hillary and Joel had turned straight into one about Hillary’s crime!! 
They had evidence that she had stolen their child! 
He didn’t doubt the authenticity of the evidence because the judge and the others would undoubtedly verify it. He was just staring at Hillary in shock, astonishment, and disbelief. 
In this instant, he could even feel his career as an attorney ending!
Seeing that her attorney wasn’t saying anything but just staring at her, Hillary panicked. She suddenly stood up. “I didn’t do anything like that! That’s total nonsense!” 
Tanya’s eyes narrowed as she looked at her. “The evidence can prove whether or not I am talking nonsense! The DNA test shows that Mia and I have a 99% DNA match!! These numbers could never lie!” 
Hillary swallowed and looked at the gallery. 
Karl and Jill were seated in the gallery. 
A somewhat incredulous Jill stood up abruptly when the plot twist came. She subconsciously looked at Karl. 
Karl, who also seemed stunned by the plot twist, looked at Jill with a puzzled look. 
Jill swallowed. She was about to say something when Justin, who was sitting behind Karl, suddenly said, “Mr. Moore, I’m sure you must know the truth of the matter by now. Wouldn’t it be rather unreasonable if you continue to help Hillary Jones fight for the child’s custody?” 
Karl choked. 
He had only helped Jill and stood up for her on account of their past relationship. After all, if Hillary was Mia’s mother, the Smiths’ actions would indeed be going too far. 
But now… 
If he continued to help Hillary fight for the child, then wouldn’t he just be making trouble for no reason? 
He coughed and replied, “Of course. The Assassin Organization is not unreasonable.”
Justin nodded. Then, he immediately looked at Mr. Jones, who was seated nearby Jill. The astonishment in his eyes didn’t seem to be fake, and he looked like he wasn’t aware of his daughter’s actions at all. He slowly said, “Mr. Jones, are the Joneses still supportive of Hillary’s fight for the child’s custody?” 
Given how even Karl wasn’t going to help anymore, there was no way Mr. Jones would have the guts to step forward, either. He shook his head and stammered, “M-Mr. Hunt, I really didn’t know about what Hillary did! She did it all by herself! It has nothing to do with the Joneses!” 
Jill looked at Mr. Jones furiously. “How can you say that? She’s your daughter! Is that how you should be treating Hillary?!” 
An annoyed Mr. Jones retorted, “Even if she’s my daughter, I still didn’t expect her to actually do something like that! She stole someone else’s child! How can she do that?!” 
The furious Jill panicked. “Even so, you can’t just ignore her! Surely you can’t just watch as she goes to jail?!” 
Justin didn’t say anything else. Instead, he looked at the stand. 
From the looks of it, it seemed that neither Karl nor Mr. Jones were intending to help anymore. In that case, Jill and Hillary would no longer be able to make any more trouble. 
On the judge’s bench. 
The judge and the jury were already looking at one another. The judge then looked at Hillary. “There is substantial evidence in my hands, and there are both witnesses and physical evidence against you. What else do you have to say?!” 
Hillary knew that what’s done is done at this point and that there was nothing she could do anymore to save herself.
She looked straight at Tanya. In the end, she yelled shamelessly, “I… I didn’t steal the child! I did go abroad, and I did go to Switzerland, but I found the child somewhere! It… It was… It was Tanya who abandoned her child! Yes, that’s it! Your Honor, you can’t convict me. I saved that child’s life! In fact, you should be holding Tanya responsible for abandoning her newborn baby!” 
“…” 
Everyone was stunned. They hadn’t expected that Hillary would still say such things at this point. 
Even her attorney had shut up and was unwilling to defend her anymore. 
The judge looked at Tanya and Joel. 
Tanya’s eyes were red and she did not speak. 
Joel’s jaw was clenched tightly and he had lost the usual smile on his face. 
Their attorney stood where he was and sneered, “Ms. Jones, I didn’t expect you to be so stubborn. It seems like you’re someone who holds out hope until faced with the grim reality! 
“Your Honor, I have a few pieces of evidence here that will prove that she had indeed stolen the baby! That day, she went to the hospital where Ms. Turner had given birth and bribed two nurses in the hospital. That was how she had successfully stolen the baby from the hospital! 
“Also! Your Honor, these are financial accounts detailing how much money and effort my client, Ms. Tanya Turner, spent in order to search for her child over the years. 
“Your Honor, as you can see, Ms. Jones shows no sign of taking the initiative to plead guilty even now! I implore you to punish her severely in accordance with the law!!”
###Chapter 437
The more Hillary refused to plead guilty in the case where evidence was conclusive, the less likely she would receive mercy in court. 
Her stubbornness was, on the contrary, a positive for Tanya. 
The judge frowned, and the way he looked at Hillary changed. 
Hillary’s legs went limp and she fell onto the chair. She hadn’t expected them to still be able to find evidence of her bribing the nurses when two years had already gone by. On top of that, they even managed to get the two nurses to testify as witnesses! 
It was all over. 
Everything was over! 
Tanya’s attorney was still speaking. He said, “Your Honor, my client is a dancer with a sizable income, but every year, she pays most of her money to private detectives to engage them in search for her child… 
“The millions of dollars she spends on the search each year are nearly the entirety of her income. If she had really abandoned the child, why would she spend that much money searching for her child?! 
“Ms. Jones is still slandering my client even at this point. Not only that, but she even bribed reporters to create public pressure on my client in an attempt to reverse the lawsuit’s outcome! 
“I implore the judge to take serious action against her!” 
As the attorney’s loud and powerful words rang out, the courtroom fell silent. 
After discussion, the judge finally announced, “Given the severity of Ms. Hillary Jones’ crime in stealing the child, and the fact that she shows no intention of pleading guilty, let alone any sign of remorse, we
will submit the case to the judiciary and have the Attorney-General’s Office bring charges against her, so that they may give her the maximum sentence possible!” 
Upon hearing that, Hillary slumped onto the chair. 
The maximum sentence was thirty years of imprisonment!! 
Thirty years! 
By the time she came out of prison thirty years later, she would be old! 
No, she didn’t want to go to jail!! 
The court had its own procedures. The court hearing today was for Joel and Hillary’s fight for the custody of their daughter. Therefore, the case was closed without even the need for a full trial. 
Hillary was arrested on the spot. She would be under the judiciary’s supervision while she waited for her next court hearing. 
The comments in the live-stream had undergone a complete reversal. Everyone was censuring Hillary. 
“My god, that’s so disgusting! She is so wicked!” 
“Let me give everyone a summary of what happened. Not only was Jones the third wheel in their relationship, but she even stole their baby and claimed that she had given birth to her. And now, she is actually fighting them for custody of the girl? She’s so wicked! That woman is beyond salvation!” 
“The fact that Turner has been searching for her daughter for so many years has suddenly moved me so much. I apologize for the derogatory remarks I made against Turner when I wasn’t aware of the truth.” 
“I also apologize!”
“A woman like Hillary Jones should be sentenced to death!” 
“Yes, not only did she steal a child, but she even thinks that she’s right in doing so. She shows no signs of repentance at all. If she isn’t sentenced to the death penalty, then she should at least be sentenced to life imprisonment! People like her should spend the rest of their life in jail!” 
“I agree with the life imprisonment sentence!” 
“Thirty years is too little. I agree with the life imprisonment sentence!” 
“Agree with the previous comment!” 
“+1!” 
“+(my cell phone number)!” 
“+(my ID number)!” 
… 
The public opinion reversed in an instant, and the people took Tanya’s side. 
When the handcuffed Hillary was being led away, Jill rushed over and hugged her. “Let go of my daughter! Let go of her!” 
The sobbing Hillary yelled, “Mom, save me! Save me! I don’t wanna go to jail!! Sob, Dad, save me!” 
However, even after the two of them cried their eyes out, none of the police officers were moved. They dragged Hillary out.
Jill was stunned to the spot. The next moment, she grabbed Hillary’s attorney and shouted furiously, “Why didn’t you say anything just now? We paid money to hire you! Why didn’t you defend my daughter?!” 
The attorney said with a sense of resignation, “Mrs. Jones, it was stated clearly in our contract that the client is not to conceal any information related to the case. Are you actually demanding an explanation from me when your daughter hid such an important matter from me?!” 
He was also rather angry. “Besides, if I had known that the child was stolen from someone else, I would never have taken up the case! I have children, too. People like her should go to jail!” 
Jill retorted furiously, “You’re the one who should go to jail, you trash lawyer!” 
The attorney sighed and said, “Alright, I’m not going to argue with you anymore. I just want to tell you this now—you and Hillary were the ones who directed public opinion on the case, right? Now, she shall have to undergo the backlash!” 
Jill was taken aback. “What do you mean?” 
“Previously, the two of you created a buzz to make people take your side in order to put pressure on the court, but all of those people are furious now! They are now strongly demanding that your daughter be sentenced to death! Under such circumstances, I’m afraid your daughter will be sentenced to life imprisonment, at the least, for her malicious actions!” 
“Life imprisonment…” 
Jill stared straight ahead of her blankly when she heard those two words. She stared at the lawyer incredulously. “She just stole a child, that’s all! What kind of nonsense are you spouting?!”
Seeing that she was being so unreasonable, the attorney didn’t want to talk to her anymore. He merely shook his head and turned to leave. 
At the sight, Jill grabbed his arm and said, “Don’t go! Tell me how I can save my daughter! Tell me!” 
The attorney sneered, “Is there even any hope of salvation left for someone like your daughter? What’s the point of saving her and bringing her out of prison? So that she can steal other people’s children? Even if you offer three times the remuneration, no one will take up your case anymore, let alone me! Unless they don’t wish to work in this line of business anymore and wish to be attacked instead!” 
Jill didn’t dare to lose her temper anymore. She held on to the attorney and said, “D-don’t go, I won’t lose my temper with you anymore. I won’t ask for a refund on the legal fees, either. Just tell me what I should do now. I can’t just watch as my daughter is sentenced to life imprisonment!” 
Seeing that she had taken a step back, and thinking of how he needn’t return the exorbitant legal fees anymore, the attorney looked around. He lowered his voice and said, “There is only one way to lighten your daughter’s sentence.” 
“What is it?” 
“Beg for the victim’s forgiveness! If the victim can forgive her, she may still have a chance of a reduced sentence.” 
The victim’s… forgiveness… 
Jill’s head turned abruptly to Tanya, who was about to leave with Joel. 
He was right. Tanya was the plaintiff of the case now, which meant that she was the victim. 
Jill let go of the attorney and went straight to Tanya. When she came up to her, she grabbed Tanya’s arm and said, “Tanya, my daughter, don’t go. Help Mom out. You’re the only one who can help Mom now. Go
to the judge and tell him that you’ve forgiven Hillary. Tell him that you don’t hold it against her anymore! Go and tell him now! Immediately! Right away!” 
Her words made Tanya sneer. All she could feel at the moment was just incredulity.
###Chapter 438
Tanya stared at Jill. Little by little, she pulled her arm out of Jill’s grasp. She looked at Jill coldly and slowly said, “Did you know? I’ve always wanted to ask you something ever since I was a child.” 
Jill was taken aback. “What?” 
“Am I really your daughter?” 
Tanya’s eyes were a little red. “How is it that you can do so much and go so far for Hillary, yet be so cruel to me?!” 
Jill was stunned. But immediately after that, she said angrily, “What did I do to you? Did I bring you up and keep you alive so that you can bully me later in life? You are too much! You have to go to the judge right away and tell him that you’ve forgiven Hillary! Or els—” 
“Or else what? What will you do?” 
Tanya stared at her, but there was no fluctuation of emotions in her voice at all. 
Jill was shocked by her reaction. For a moment, she couldn’t say anything. 
“Or else you won’t acknowledge me as your daughter anymore? Didn’t you already sever ties with me a long time ago? 
“Or perhaps, you won’t pay for my tuition fees anymore? But have you ever given me any money? 
“Or perhaps, you won’t give me any food? That worked very well when I was young. I was indeed scared when you locked me up in that dark room and didn’t give me any food or water. But I’m no longer the four-year-old kid anymore!! Jill, you can’t control me anymore!” 
The more Tanya spoke, the colder her voice became. “As for Hillary…”
Suddenly she bent down, lowered her head, and leaned into Jill’s ear. “Why do you think the Smiths didn’t bother with damage control and allowed public opinion to get to this state? It’s precisely so that she could have a taste of her own medicine!” 
Jill was dumbfounded. 
When the lawyer mentioned it, she had thought that it was just a coincidence, but from the way it sounded now… It was actually a conspiracy by Tanya and Joel!! 
The fiercer the people scolded them, the guiltier they would feel once the truth was revealed! 
No wonder they hadn’t explained anything the whole time, and even assaulted the reporter!! 
Jill’s eyes widened as she stared at the daughter who seemed so foreign to her now. Tanya straightened her back and, with an extremely cold look in her eyes, said, “She stole my daughter and my boyfriend, and even abused my daughter for as long as five years. Jill, even if you kneel here for the rest of your life, I will never forgive her! 
“You want me to write a letter of forgiveness? Over my dead body!!” 
She turned, took Joel’s hand, and got ready to leave. 
However, the furious Jill suddenly rushed towards her and grabbed her. “Why did I give birth to a bastard like you?! You’re a bane to the world! I should have killed you when you were a child! I should have starved you to death!” 
Neither Tanya nor Joel had expected her to actually jump up and attack them in the courtroom. She caught Tanya by her hair. 
She reached out and tried to scratch Tanya’s cheek, but Joel already had her wrist in a tight grip. He pushed her away with great force, making her fall onto the floor behind her.
Joel looked down at her from above and said, “Please treat my fiancée with courtesy, Mrs. Jones.” 
After speaking, he glanced at Mr. Jones, who was in the gallery. 
Mr. Jones immediately got the hint. He came over hastily and held Jill back. 
Only then did Tanya and Joel leave the courtroom. 
As soon as they exited, they ran into Justin in the car park. As the three looked at one another, Joel asked, “How did it go?” 
One of the reasons Justin had to be present today was so that he could convince Karl not to take any further action in the gallery. 
Justin replied, “No big issues. Karl is an underworld figure and has a very strong aura of one from the underworld around him. With the truth publicly exposed and Hillary Jones arrested, there’s nothing he can say anymore. Besides, the Assassin Organization probably doesn’t want to offend the Smiths and the Hunts, either.” 
His voice turned cold as he added, “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have given him a chance to leave the country!” 
Joel nodded. “He has already done enough to pay back the favor he owes his old lover. Unless Hillary is his daughter, that guy probably won’t do anything for them anymore.” 
His daughter? 
The moment he said that, both Justin and Joel suddenly thought of something, and they both abruptly turned to Tanya.
The two clan leaders’ gazes made Tanya a little uncomfortable. She glanced down at herself and asked, “What’s the matter? Is there something wrong with my clothes?” 
Nothing was wrong with them, though! 
Her clothes were very suitable for the occasion, and nothing was dirty… 
While she was wondering about it, Joel suddenly asked, “Tanya, have you ever wondered who your father is?” 
Tanya: “…” 
She sighed and replied, “Of course I have. But every time I asked Jill about it, she would always say that he’s a scumbag and a hooligan who deceived her and made her pregnant…” 
A hooligan… 
The word made Justin and Joel suddenly glance at each other. 
A short while later, Joel suddenly said, “Don’t you find that Karl Moore actually has… a bit of a hooligan- like air around him?” 
Tanya: “” 
— 
In the courtroom. 
Even after everyone else had left, Jill was still laying on the floor and making a scene. “I’m not going to get up if you don’t save my daughter! You’re a good-for-nothing! What’s the use of a father like you?!”
Mr. Jones was standing next to her. At last, he said, “Stay on the floor if that’s what you want. Who cares?!” 
He left right away. 
Karl, who was still in the gallery, looked at Jill who was on the floor. He scratched his head. 
His subordinate behind him couldn’t help but ask, “Boss, what did you see in her in your younger days?” 
Karl also felt a little embarrassed. 
He coughed. “Maybe I was blind back then.” 
The subordinate was speechless. 
He got up and walked toward Jill. Just as he was about to say something, Jill got up by herself and patted the dust off herself. There was none of the shrewish behavior she had just exhibited around her anymore. Instead, she looked at Karl calmly. 
Karl coughed, “Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine.” 
Jill stared at Karl and said, “You have to help me save my daughter!” 
Karl cast his eyes down. “You’re not in the right with regard to this matter. Neither can I bring myself to do something like that.” 
Wouldn’t he be thoroughly embarrassed if outsiders were to learn of it? 
Unexpectedly, as soon as he said that, Jill immediately asked, “Do you know why I chose to beg you instead of Hillary’s father for help?”
Karl shook his head. 
Jill said solemnly, “Because Hillary is not his daughter but yours!” 
Karl: “!!!!” 
He was astounded. “What did you say?” 
Jill stretched out her fingers—there were two strands of hair gripped tightly between them. “I plucked Hillary’s hair off her when I made contact with her just now. You can do a DNA test for you and her.”
###Chapter 439
Karl was dumbfounded. 
He stared at Jill incredulously. His gaze landed on the strands of hair she was holding and he swallowed hard, feeling that his ears must be playing tricks on him. “What did you say?” 
Jill sighed. “You can put the timeline together yourself. When I married into the Joneses, I was already four months pregnant! Think about it, isn’t the child yours if I was already four months pregnant at that time?” 
Karl swallowed. “But Hillary Jones’ birth date doesn’t match!” 
Jill sighed. “That’s because I delayed registering her birth for four months. After all, I couldn’t bring shame to the Joneses. You can look into it. I gave birth to my daughter in a private clinic, so they may still have records! Also, no matter what, you should have a DNA test done first.” 
Jill handed the strands of hair to Karl. “Only hair with the follicles intact can be used in a DNA test. Be careful not to damage them. By the way, my daughter doesn’t know that she is not my husband’s child…” 
Jill said that because she was afraid that Karl would send someone to the prison to sound Hillary out. 
After saying that, she started to head toward the exit. Before she left, she added, “No matter what, you should still make sure that your daughter stays alive, right?” 
Karl looked at her and narrowed his eyes. “Don’t worry, if she really is my daughter, no one will be able to take her life!” 
Jill breathed a sigh of relief. 
She lowered her head and said, “I won’t ask for that child from the Smiths anymore. All I ask for now is just for you to rescue my daughter, get her out of prison and take her abroad! I hope you can treat her
well for the rest of her life after that!” 
Karl hesitated for a moment. Then, he asked tentatively, “If she is my daughter, why didn’t you tell me that from the start?” 
Jill stared at Karl. After a long silence, she finally heaved a deep sigh and said, “I only wanted to borrow your authority in the beginning. I don’t wish for anything beyond that anymore. Besides, my daughter wasn’t having any problems at that time, and you were also willing to help me, so it didn’t matter whether or not I told you the truth. But now that I know that you don’t want to offend the Smiths and the Hunts, I can only tell the truth!” 
Karl kept quiet for a long while. Suddenly, he broke into a grin and said, “Jill, you should know that I am an outlaw. You know it won’t end well for people who lie to me, right?” 
Jill was so frightened by the way he spoke that she shuddered. However, she then said resolutely, “Go and have a DNA test done.” 
Karl nodded. 
After Jill left, his subordinate behind him asked, “Boss, surely not, right? Is that child-stealing woman really your daughter?” 
Karl, however, frowned and said nothing. 
In the end, he suddenly sighed and instructed, “Send someone to the prison and protect Hillary Jones for now!” 
“Understood.” 
He turned, exited, and walked toward the car. 
The subordinate asked, “Boss, where are you going?”
Karl replied, “A DNA testing lab. Find me a reliable one!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
— 
Justin, Joel, and Tanya returned to the Smiths’ manor. 
As soon as they entered the manor, someone came forward and whispered something to Joel. 
Joel frowned. 
The sensitive Tanya asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Joel didn’t hide anything from her. After letting five years pass them by, both of them cherished each other very much now. When he heard her question, he replied, “I sent someone to the jail to teach Hillary a lesson, but I just received news that someone has interfered on her behalf.” 
Tanya immediately asked, “Who did it?” 
Joel replied, “Karl Moore.” 
Tanya frowned at the name. 
Ever since Joel and Justin voiced their guess, Tanya had been feeling a little uncomfortable. Surely Karl wasn’t really her father, right? 
She frowned and did some calculations of the timeline around her birth date. However, she didn’t think it matched. 
It seemed like her date of birth was half a year too early?
Besides, it was impossible for her date of birth to be wrong because Hillary was born a year later than her. It couldn’t possibly be that Jill became pregnant with Hillary when she was pregnant with her, right? 
The age difference between the two of them was only one year anyway! 
While she was thinking about it, Justin said, “It doesn’t make sense.” 
Joel nodded. “If it’s just because of an old lover, Moore is unlikely to help Hillary further. After all, the Smiths and the Hunts can control almost the entire United States. Karl’s assassins may be powerful, but he may not necessarily be willing to offend two big families at the same time!” 
This was also why Justin had the confidence to threaten Karl when they were in the courtroom! 
Justin said, “How strange. Something we are unaware of must have happened.” 
He took out his cell phone and sent messages to both Sean and Lawrence: ‘Investigate why Karl Moore helped Hillary Jones in prison.’ 
Joel also said, “I’ll get my men to investigate, too.” 
With the leaders of the two big families simultaneously investigating the same thing, they would surely get results very soon. 
After sending the messages, Justin glanced at Tanya again and suddenly said, “I still find you and Karl Moore somewhat similar.” 
Joel also stared at Tanya for a while. “Why don’t we do a DNA test, after all? It’s safer that way.” 
The two men’s gazes made Tanya’s lip corners spasm a little, and she became a little hesitant. 
She had originally been very resistant to the idea.
After all, Karl had helped Jill to bully her. However, given how the two men were staring at her, it seemed like she had no choice but to do the DNA test, after all? 
In the end, she could only nod. 
Lily walked down from upstairs at this point. 
At the sight of Lily, Justin got a shock. He hurriedly asked, “What’s the matter with Nora?” 
Joel also looked over with concern. 
Lily hurriedly replied, “Relax, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Smith. Boss is fine. She has been sleeping the last two days, so I was afraid that she would have low blood sugar. I just gave her some nutritional fluids.” 
The two men relaxed upon hearing her explanation. 
Lily then said, “Boss is sleeping really soundly. Don’t worry!” 
Justin nodded. 
Lily then started to walk back upstairs. She stretched and said, “The last few days have been so exhausting. On top of that, I even have to take care of that handsome thief… oh, I mean Boss’ cousin, in the hospital… I can finally have a good night’s sleep now! I am going to sleep through everything until I naturally wake up!” 
She had only just said that when Justin suddenly said, “Er…” 
Lily looked behind her. Justin said, “It seems like Nora trusts you very much, so… can you help us do a DNA test?” 
Lily: “?”
###Chapter 440
All Lily wished for at the moment was just to return to Switzerland. 
When Lily was still in Switzerland, every time her boss wanted her help, all she had done was just to get someone to send her some DNA samples. Three hours were the most she needed to produce the test results. 
But after she came back to the States! 
First, she had to help her boss take care of her father. Next, she had to take care of her boss’ cousin. Now that her boss had fallen into a deep sleep and couldn’t assign her tasks anymore, she finally felt as if she could take a breather. Yet in the end, her boss-in-law was assigning her a task? 
This was so goddamn… Did they have any intention of letting her rest or not?! 
Even though Lily was cursing deep down, on the surface, she nevertheless smiled and asked very professionally, “… Sure. May I know where the DNA samples are?” 
Justin: “” 
Joel: “?” 
Both of them looked at each other and then, the corners of their lips spasmed at the same time. 
All they had thought of was having a DNA test done, but who the hell could retrieve Karl’s DNA sample?! 
It wasn’t like they could go up to him and say, “Bro, I suspect that Tanya is your daughter. Can I borrow a DNA sample from you?” 
As the leader of a group of assassins, if there were people who could pluck Karl’s hair without him knowing, then he might as well retire from the underworld for good!
Neither of them expected that retrieving Karl’s DNA samples would instead become the most difficult task! 
— 
Elsewhere. 
Karl went to a DNA testing lab. 
After they extracted a blood sample from his fingertip, he returned to the hotel. 
All the places he went were heavily guarded. Although he hadn’t brought a lot of men with him during his return to the States this time, all of them were skilled fighters. 
It could be said that even a fly wouldn’t be able to get near Karl, let alone a human! 
Three hours later. 
His subordinate sent him the DNA test report. 
Karl took a look—the report indicated a 99% probability that the test subjects were indeed father and daughter! 
At the same time, the person whom he had sent to investigate the private clinic also returned. 
When Jill was telling him all those things, she had also given him the clinic’s information. When they went to investigate, they found that Jill had indeed given birth to a child during that period of time! 
The child was also indeed Hillary! The nurse they had talked to during the investigation had said that the girl whom Jill had given birth to had a mole on her ear, and Hillary did indeed have one on her ear! 
The records in the clinic were dated five years ago, so there was no way they could have falsified them.
Karl narrowed his eyes and suddenly asked, “Does that girl named Tanya Turner have a mole on her ear?” 
His subordinate was surprised. “Why are you asking about her? She doesn’t seem to have one, though.” 
They were assassins, so they were very observant. 
Although they had only met Joel and Tanya once in court, they remembered everything about their looks! 
Karl pressed his lips together. “Because I keep feeling like something isn’t quite right. If Hillary really is my daughter, Jill could have just approached me directly after Hillary was taken away. I would have been able to protect my daughter for sure! There wasn’t any need for her to go to that young missy and beg her for help. I was originally suspecting that the hair she gave me was that young missy’s…” 
But unexpectedly, the child that Jill had given birth to back then was indeed Hillary. 
The clinic had kept pictures of the newborn baby. The mole on her ear was very obvious. 
Therefore, Jill had indeed given birth to Hillary four months earlier. In other words, Hillary was indeed his daughter! 
Karl abruptly stood up and started to pace back and forth excitedly. 
Over twenty years ago, he had gone to Switzerland all by himself to build his career. People in the underworld inevitably got injured some time or another, and the same went for him. During a certain incident, he had injured his genitals. 
Therefore, he would never have any children for the rest of his life.
Originally, he had held regrets about this. Although he’d had many women in his life all these years, he didn’t have any children. 
Little did he expect that he would suddenly find his daughter during his return to the States when he was here to look for Black Cat instead! 
He rubbed his hands excitedly and paced back and forth in the hotel… 
It was at this point that he received a call from Jill. He picked up the call. Jill asked, “Have you seen the DNA test report?” 
Karl nodded. “Yes.” 
“Hillary is indeed your daughter. You’ll save her now, right? Surely you can’t just watch as your daughter dies! The Smiths and the Hunts are very powerful. If she continues to stay in prison, something will happen to her sooner or later. You have to find a way to get her out of there!” 
Karl narrowed his eyes. “You don’t have to worry about that. I know what I’m doing! To think I actually have a daughter! Just based on this alone, I now owe you one, Jill!” 
After hanging up, he paced back and forth in the room. 
Even his subordinates couldn’t help but be happy for him. 
“Boss was still suspecting this and that just now, but look at how happy he is now!” 
“Of course! Boss has an heir now! He finally has someone who can inherit all the money he earned over the years!” 
“Hahaha! It’s just that his daughter’s character is not that great. She could even bring herself to do something like stealing someone else’s child. But tsk, it’s not like we are some kind and angelic
organization anyway. Forget it!” 
Karl scratched his head excitedly with a silly grin on his face as he listened to their conversation. 
As he continued grinning, someone said, “By the way, you told us to protect your daughter, right? As expected, the Smiths and the Hunts tried to do something to her in the prison, but we managed to stop them! Boss, what are your plans? She’s in a prison in the USA after all. We can’t guarantee that nothing will go wrong if we break her out of prison!” 
Karl, however, didn’t speak. A brief moment later, he suddenly said, “I still feel like something isn’t quite right. How about this? Get a DNA sample of that young missy named Tanya Turner and have another test done!” 
As soon as he said that, everyone else said, “Boss, aren’t you making things difficult for us by telling us to do that? Stealing a DNA sample from someone living in the Smiths’ manor? You sure think really highly of us!” 
“Exactly! Also, why do you still want her DNA sample?” 
Karl clutched his chest and said, “My mind can’t rest at peace if I don’t have it checked. By the way, isn’t Black Cat in the States? Look for Black Cat!” 
Everyone nodded. “Yeah, that’s right! If it’s Black Cat, there definitely won’t be any problem!” 
“But Black Cat is completely ignoring us. Black Cat would occasionally still reply to the emails and messages we sent some time back, but he’s been completely ignoring us these last couple of days. It’s as if he’s vanished into thin air…” 
Karl took out his cell phone. “Maybe he’s busy. It’s okay, just ensure that Hillary isn’t bullied in prison for now! I will contact Black Cat and wait for news from him!”
Black Cat was his top assassin. The two have worked together for many years and they shared a very good relationship with each other. 
Karl had never considered the possibility that Black Cat might refuse to help. 
He drafted a message and sent it to Black Cat: “I have something to ask of you, Black Cat. Can you help me steal a person’s DNA sample?” 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Justin, Pete, and Cherry were currently in Nora’s room. Suddenly, they sensed movement from the bed. 
The three of them looked over at once. 
Nora very, very slowly opened her eyes. 
Then, she shifted and stretched.
###Chapter 441
Nora stretched lazily. After stretching her body, she let out a deep breath and opened her eyes. She had thought that she would open her eyes to see the ceiling, but she did not expect to see three heads looking down on her. 
The two little ones stared at her from the side. 
Pete asked softly, “Is Mommy finally awake?” 
“Shh…” Cherry made a shushing gesture and lowered her voice. “Mommy might just be turning around. Brother, don’t wake Mommy up. Mommy is very scary when she’s awake! One time, she even beat me up!” 
Pete immediately covered his mouth. 
The two little guys widened their eyes in fear and covered their mouths tightly. They were afraid that they would make another sound and anger Nora, who had just woken up. 
Nora: “…” 
She rolled her eyes at Cherry and said in a hoarse voice that sounded like she had just woken up, “Cherry, don’t cause panic here. When have I ever beaten you up?” 
Cherry chuckled and jumped into Nora’s arms. “Mommy, Cherry missed you so much~ You don’t know how worried Cherry was the past two days when you were sleeping. I couldn’t sleep well and couldn’t eat well!” 
Pete was speechless. He wondered who had been nonchalant and playing a live-stream game for two days!
However, he did not expose his sister. Nora understood her daughter very well and only said, “Is that so? Why do I remember vaguely hearing someone playing games happily?” 
“…” 
Cherry blinked her big grape-like eyes. She was not flustered at all from being exposed. “Sigh, Mommy, I haven’t been in the mood to do anything else these past two days. I can only play games. Even playing games wasn’t as fun as usual. I could only turn my worry for Mommy into motivation and beat people up in the game!” 
Pete was speechless. He felt like he had learned something from her! 
Nora did not argue with Cherry. 
The little fellow was worried that she would not wake up, but it was not as exaggerated as she had said. 
Nora was not worried about her daughter’s extroverted personality. 
She turned her head to look at Pete. Indeed, she saw a hint of deep worry in her son’s eyes. Pete, who was not good with words, was really worried about Nora’s body. Even in her sleep, she seemed to have felt the little fellow climbing onto the bed gently a few times. He even touched her nose and was probably checking if she was still breathing. 
She smiled. “Pete, did you miss Mommy?” 
Pete blushed and lowered his head. “Mm-hm.” 
“Yes, did you miss me or not?” 
Nora sat up and teased him.
Pete was not good at sweet-talking. His face turned even redder as he stammered and could not speak. Nora simply teased him. “Sigh, looks like my son didn’t miss his mom! I’m so sad. Why don’t I sleep for a few more days?” 
Pete panicked and hurriedly shouted, “No, I, I… I missed you.” 
Nora laughed and hugged him. “I missed you too. I even dreamed of you!” 
Pete was stunned. “Dreamed about what?” 
Nora: “” 
She was also stunned. 
She had always had a lot of messy dreams when she slept. It was as if her brain never stopped working while she slept. 
When she woke up, she had already forgotten her dream. How could she still remember what she had dreamed? 
But her son was so serious. She couldn’t say that she had forgotten, right? 
Nora spoke nonsense. Her voice was hoarse as she said, “I dreamed that Pete grew up and became cold to Mommy after marrying some girl. I was so sad, sigh!” 
Pete: “!!” 
Cherry blinked her big eyes at the side and asked, “Mommy, who did Pete marry? Did he marry Cherry? Then our family of four can be together forever!”
Nora: “…” 
Justin coughed. “Your brother can’t marry you!” 
Cherry looked disappointed. “I see~” 
However, Pete hurriedly said, “Mommy, your dream is too fake. I don’t plan on marrying anyone in the future.” 
“…” 
Looking at his serious expression, Nora was touched. 
Justin, who was beside them, looked at their affectionate gazes and instantly felt a sense of danger. He immediately pushed Pete away and said, “Why are you staying at home if you don’t want to get married? The only one who can walk with you forever is your partner!” 
After saying that, he looked at Nora. Under his pitch-black eyes, the mole on his eye shone. 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips twitched. She felt that this head of the Hunts was a little unreasonable. 
What was there to compete with a child for? 
She coughed and lifted the blanket to get out of bed. She realized that she had changed into a comfortable sleeping gown. She hesitated for a moment and asked, “Who changed my clothes?” 
She still remembered that before she fainted, her red dress was covered in blood. 
However, she felt quite refreshed now… 
At the thought of this, Cherry raised her hand. “Daddy changed it for you! Plus, I helped you shower!”
Although it was Lily who gave her a shower on the operating table on the first day, after returning home, Justin helped her every day. 
Nora: “…” 
This man was the one who had bathed her when she was asleep?! 
Heat slowly rose in her cheeks. She looked around, her eyes wandering. “Where’s Lily?” she asked. 
When she was overseas, she had given herself to Lily wholeheartedly after she fell asleep! 
After returning to the country, had Lily begun to slack off?! 
At this moment, Lily, who had just slept for six hours after taking care of Quentin, sneezed violently. 
Then, she rubbed her nose. 
Sigh! 
She really wanted to go overseas. She was so busy after returning to the country that she barely had any free time! 
Sensing Nora’s shyness, Justin hurriedly said, “Don’t worry. I didn’t look at anything I shouldn’t have.” 
Nora: “?” 
The corners of her lips twitched. “Do you think I’m a child? How did you help me shower if you didn’t look?” 
Justin was silent for a moment before he coughed. “I covered my eyes and… washed.” 
“…”
Nora’s face became even redder. So, he touched her entire body?! 
She picked up her phone and walked to the bathroom. “Oh, I’ll go take a shower. Mr. Hunt, please go downstairs and get someone to prepare some food for me.” 
Justin looked at her flustered back and smiled. “Alright. You can take your time with the shower. After all, when I bathed you, I didn’t dare to rub anything. I only washed… briefly.” 
“…” Nora staggered and rushed into the bathroom in a panic. 
Justin smiled and went downstairs. 
In the bathroom. 
Nora took a few deep breaths before looking at her phone. She planned to see if anything had happened during the two days she was unconscious.
###Chapter 442
Nora took out her toothbrush first. After putting on some toothpaste, she brushed her teeth with one hand and turned on her phone with the other. She realized that there were a few new emails in her inbox. 
Her attention was first on the DNA report Lily had sent her. She paused. 
She had slept for almost three days this time, right? 
Tanya and Mia’s results were out. She hurriedly opened them and realized that it was as she had expected. 
However, she quickly saw the top trending news article. It was about the lawsuit between Tanya and Hillary. She instantly realized that Tanya and Joel already knew the truth. 
Yes, it seemed like he had taken the email to heart. 
As she thought about this, she casually browsed through the inbox. When she did not see any urgent messages, she put down her phone and focused on brushing her teeth. 
As she brushed her teeth, her eyes slowly darkened. 
Her happy mood after being teased by the two children slowly became heavy. 
Quentin was still in the hospital. 
All the bones in his body had shattered. She did not know if he still had a chance to stand up. 
Thinking about this, Nora decided to spend some time in the future to think about all kinds of ways to make him stand up. 
Yes, according to modern medicine, there was nothing they could do.
Then, she could only look at it from alternative medicine. She vaguely remembered that there was a saying about bone refinement in ancient traditional medicine. 
However, that method had been lost for a long time. She did not know if she could still find the relevant information. 
With this in mind, she started brushing her teeth faster and faster. After spitting out the water in her mouth, she took a shower and changed into a black top and light-colored jeans before leaving. 
Her long hair was half dry as it fluttered behind her. 
She went downstairs feeling refreshed when she heard Cherry shouting, “Mommy is out!” 
Then, enthusiastic applause erupted downstairs. 
Nora: “?” 
She walked down with a head full of question marks. Then, she saw Ian, Joel, Tanya, Warren, Maureen, Louis, Brandon, Mia, Cherry, Pete, and Justin sitting on the living room sofa. 
The group of people raised their heads in unison and stared at her as if she was some kind of leader. 
Nora: “…” 
She twitched her lips and went downstairs. Facing this situation, she did not have any intention of being shy. Instead, she looked at Ian first. “Why are you home?” 
Ian’s body was still quite weak. He needed all kinds of medical equipment in the hospital to help monitor his vital signs. It was dangerous for him to come home. 
Ian heaved a sigh of relief when he saw his daughter looking at him first.
To be honest, although the father and daughter had reunited, their relationship was relatively distant. 
Nora was born with a cold personality, but Ian was a little embarrassed. After all, when they had just reunited, he still wanted to die and not stay behind to accompany his daughter. Therefore, he was a little embarrassed. 
However, his daughter didn’t seem to care about the past. He said, “I’m fine.” 
Nora frowned and said slowly, “I’m going to eat. I’ll go to the hospital to see Quentin later and take you over too.” 
It had not been easy to save Quentin’s life. If she was not careful and something happened to Ian, the gains would not make up for the losses! 
When Joel heard this, he looked at Ian. 
Over the past few days, he had tried to persuade Uncle Ian to go to the hospital many times, but Uncle Ian was stubborn and refused to leave. Now that his little sister had spoken… 
As expected, although Ian was still unwilling, he still said obediently, “Okay.” 
Joel: “…” 
Therefore, even Uncle Ian was subdued by his little sister! 
The corners of his lips twitched. Then, the family followed Nora to the dining room. 
The Smiths’ dining table was very long. There were 10 chairs on each side.
Now, everyone was sitting at the dining table obediently. There was nothing in front of them. They all turned to look at the only person sitting there eating. 
Nora: “…” 
Suddenly, she felt that the porridge in front of her was a little hot. 
It was rare that she could not drink a bowl of porridge in a few gulps like she usually did. Under the gaze of more than ten pairs of eyes from the nannies, she took a spoon and drank it one mouthful at a time. 
The small bowl of porridge took half an hour to finish. 
After finishing, she looked at the group of people and suddenly asked, “Are you guys… not busy?” 
Tanya answered for the children and herself, “It’s the weekend.” 
Joel: “Yes, the rest of us don’t work, either.” 
Nora: “…” 
She took a tissue and elegantly wiped the corners of her mouth. Then, she coughed and glanced at Justin. 
Justin chuckled softly and stood up to say, “Alright, everyone, disperse! Nora is feeling awkward that you guys are all gathered here.” 
Nora: “?” 
Who was awkward? 
They quickly stood up. 
Warren and Maureen said, “Well, little sister, if there’s anything you need, just tell us!”
Joel and Tanya looked at each other and said calmly, “I’ll take Uncle Ian back to the hospital with you!” 
Ian: “…” 
Seeing that everyone had spoken, Louis thought for a long time before finally saying, “Sis, if there’s anything you can’t spend, feel free to ask me for help~” 
“…” 
The family finally dispersed. Nora heaved a sigh of relief. 
She stood up. “Let’s go to the hospital.” 
The group followed her majestically and went to the hospital in two separate cars. 
Nora first took Ian back to the VIP ward. After confirming that all his organs were fine, she then walked towards Quentin’s ward. 
On the way, Joel and Justin sensed her silence. 
Joel said, “Quentin hasn’t complained about being dispirited or cried over the past two days. Don’t worry.” 
Nora nodded. 
However, just because Quentin did not cry or complain did not mean that he was not in pain. 
That young man loved to be in the limelight. 
Now, he was all alone on the hospital bed and could not even move his neck. 
With this thought in mind, she walked to Quentin’s ICU ward.
To be precise, Quentin was not out of danger yet, so he was still in the ICU. 
At this moment, just as they approached, they heard Quentin’s pained voice. “God, just let me die!” 
The people outside:  
Joel: “?” 
They were just saying that Quentin did not complain about life. Why was he suddenly looking for death?! 
He was about to explain when he heard Lily’s pained voice. “Don’t. Wouldn’t it be a pity if someone as handsome as you died? Stay, don’t move. I’ll wipe your face~” 
Quentin: “…Ahhhh, you damn pervert, get lost! You’re bullying me because I can’t move! God, I’ll just die!” 
The corners of Joel’s lips spasmed. 
Tanya could not help but ask, “Should we… maybe… not go in now? Would we disturb them?” 
Her words made the four of them stand outside in a pause. 
Nora took out her phone and opened her email inbox in boredom. She also opened Black Cat’s exclusive Internet chats. 
These were all her habits. 
After a long break, she would log on to various platforms to see if anyone was sending her messages. 
On Black Cat’s exclusive webpage chat interface, there were many messages. She first opened Karl Moore’s chat window and saw his message. “Black Cat, please do me a favor. Can you help me steal a person’s DNA sample?”
###Chapter 443
When she saw Karl Moore’s message, Nora was a little stunned. 
Joel and Tanya’s lawsuit was spread all over the Internet. However, Karl Moore’s name was definitely not written in those reports because those people did not know of his existence. 
Therefore, Nora still did not know that Karl Moore was already in New York. 
She casually typed a few words: “I’m in New York. It’s not convenient.” 
Karl Moore seemed to be staring at the chat. The moment she sent the message, he replied: “The person I want is also in New York. It’s very convenient. By the way, I’m also here. Why don’t we meet?” 
Nora ignored his request to meet. “…Whose DNA is it?” 
Although Karl Moore was a foreign underworld force and the leader of the Assassin Organization, he was not a bad person in the traditional sense. 
Based on his neutral rules in the Assassin Organization and the fact that he would not casually kill women and children, Nora had a good impression of him. 
Moreover, although he looked stupid and silly, he was actually a very upright and smart person. 
Over the past three years, their collaboration had been very fruitful. She was also very satisfied with some of Karl Moore’s actions, so she had long treated Karl Moore as a friend. She would help resolve some of his requests if they were not very troublesome. 
After sending this message, she saw Karl Moore reply: “It’s a young lady called Tanya.” 
Nora: “?”
She stared at the word “Tanya” for a long time before suddenly looking up at the Tanya standing in front of her. 
Was this Tanya the same Tanya she knew? 
As she was thinking, Karl Moore’s news came again. “She’s currently in the Smiths and is being protected. I’ve also brought a few people over. But you know, in New York, strong dragons cannot suppress local snakes.” 
Nora: “…” 
She pursed her lips and asked, “Why do you want her DNA?” 
Karl Moore: “Sigh, I’m wondering if she’s my daughter.” 
Nora: “…” 
What was going on? 
Not even television dramas would dare to write something like that! 
She grimaced and replied: “OK, wait.” 
After sending the message, she casually put away her phone and looked up at Tanya. 
Tanya: “…What’s wrong with me? I’m not wearing the right clothes? My pants aren’t zipped?” 
Nora: “…” 
Tanya’s voice was a little loud. After she said that, the people in the ward sensed the sound outside and immediately fell silent. 
Then she heard footsteps and the door opened.
The tall Lily always had exquisite makeup on. She was wearing high heels and had a smile on her face. “Boss, Miss Tanya, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Smith, you’re all here?” 
Nora nodded and entered the ward. 
Quentin lay on the bed and could not move. His face was very clean, but there were still traces of friction on his cheeks. Some places were a little red. 
When he saw Nora, he instantly looked like he had nothing to live for. “Little cousin, can you chase this Lily away for me?” 
Nora: “…Not for the time being. Although she’s my assistant, she’s also the best surgeon. Your injuries are too serious. The other doctors can’t clean you as carefully as she can.” 
Quentin was covered in wounds. He had to undergo strict disinfection and debridement every day. 
Hearing this, Quentin sighed heavily. 
Lily said, “What’s with your expression? I’m not going to eat you! At most, I like your face a little. Besides, it’s already good that I don’t mind you lying there!” 
When Quentin heard this, he looked at Nora angrily. “Little cousin, when can I stand up again?! I’m almost done being harassed by your assistant!” 
“…” 
As soon as he said this, the entire room fell silent. 
Nora then realized that Quentin had always had a good mentality no one had ever told him that he might not be able to stand up in this life.
She looked at Joel and saw him turn his head away. His eyes were flickering a little as if he did not dare to look at Quentin directly. 
Justin held her hand. 
When Lily heard this, she was about to say something when Nora suddenly said, “Maybe half a year, maybe a year, maybe two years… Don’t worry, I will make you stand up again.” 
Quentin agreed. “I believe you.” 
These four words were like a huge rock pressing on Nora. 
She lowered her eyes and suddenly smiled. “Don’t worry.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, Quentin looked at Lily. “But while you do that, can you hire a nurse for me?! Brother, is our family so poor? Why do we need this doctor to take care of me? I need someone else!” 
Joel: “…” 
Lily told him coldly, “Because, at the moment, ordinary nurses are not allowed to take care of you due to your injuries. It can only be me.” 
With that, she sighed. “I have already cleaned your body countless times while you were unconscious. Why are you so shy? Your fair skin is actually no different from a pig in my eyes… Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone about the mole on your butt.” 
Quentin: “…” 
Everyone else, “…”
Quentin was silent for a moment before suddenly closing his eyes. “Can someone cover my face with a blanket?” 
He did not want to live anymore!!! 
The others laughed. 
At this moment, Lily pursed her lips and said, “Alright, alright. I’ll get another nurse to take care of you. I’m going back to rest well today!” 
With that, she yawned. “Yesterday, Mr. Hunt and Mr. Smith asked me to help them with a DNA test. I waited for two hours and didn’t get a sample. I didn’t even get enough sleep! I should finally be able to sleep well today, right?” 
“DNA?” 
Nora was stunned and looked at Joel and Justin. 
Justin explained faintly, “Karl Moore came to New York. We suspect that he might be related to Tanya by blood, so we wanted to test him.” 
After saying that, Joel frowned. “But the killers around Karl Moore are too difficult to deal with. We sent many people, but they didn’t get close to him, so we haven’t gotten any DNA samples.” 
Nora: “…” 
Her lips suddenly twitched. 
Lily did not notice her abnormality. She stretched and said, “Okay, continue discussing. Call me when you get the samples. Of course, it would be best if that could take at least 12 hours! I’m going back to sleep.”
However, before she could reach the door, she heard Nora cough. “Lily, maybe you shouldn’t sleep yet?”
###Chapter 444
Lily: “” 
She almost doubted her life. She looked at her boss in disbelief. “Boss?” 
Nora coughed and stood up. “Yes, I’ll get you a DNA sample now.” 
Lily was speechless. 
When Nora walked out, Justin had already stood up and started following beside her. “I’ll accompany you.” 
Nora thought for a moment and said, “Alright.” 
With that, she walked toward Tanya. 
Tanya stood up in confusion. “What? You want another hug? Since when are you so attached to me? Be careful or your Mr. Hunt will be jealous!” 
Before she could finish, Nora pulled two strands of her hair. 
Tanya: “” 
She covered her head. “Nora! If you want DNA next time, I can give you finger blood. Can you stop pulling my hair? I’m going to become bald!” 
“It’s fine. I’ll treat you if you’re bald.” 
Nora waved her hand casually and skillfully took out a bag specially used to store these things. She placed the two strands of hair in it. 
Then, she and Justin went downstairs.
Justin drove while Nora took out her phone and sent a message to Karl Moore. “Address.” 
After Karl Moore replied with the hotel’s address, he said, “How many days do you need?” 
When the people standing behind Karl Moore saw this news, they immediately began to guess. 
“I think it would take at least half a day for Black Cat to steal a DNA sample! Black Cat spent two days assassinating the boss of that organization!” 
“A day! The Smiths aren’t any better than the organization over there. Furthermore, the organization over at Burundi doesn’t have much discipline. The Smiths’ security system is very impressive. I’ve already investigated. It’s very difficult to break through so many security measures and reach Tanya!” 
“I think it would take two days! Because one of them went out just now, I sent someone to follow behind. In the end, I realized that whenever they went out, there were more than fifty security guards and bodyguards following them in secret! Isn’t this too scary?” 
Ian went out with more than ten bodyguards. 
Joel went out with more than ten people. 
Justin went out with 18 people. 
In total, weren’t there more than 50 people following Nora? 
When Karl Moore heard this, he could feel his temples throbbing. “More than fifty? I only bring a dozen of you when I go out. Is my lineup a little weak?” 
The person behind him twitched his lips. “If you bring out more than fifty people from the organization, who would be left to do our missions?”
Karl Moore coughed and sighed. “What does this mean? It means that the best among us assassins are still not enough!” 
“…” 
Beep. A message notification chimed. Karl Moore looked at his phone. “Come on, let’s see how long Black Cat will take!” 
However, when he opened it, Karl Moore’s expression changed. 
Seeing the extremely strange look on his face, the subordinates immediately asked, “Boss, what’s wrong? Is the time that Black Cat needs too much?” 
“Could it be four days? This is a little difficult. There’s a cost to protecting Hillary in prison. If it’s more than four days, we might as well break Hillary out of prison first!” 
“It couldn’t be that Black Cat can’t break through the Smiths’ security guards and get Tanya’s DNA, right? But thinking about it, the Smiths’ defense line is indeed not that easy to break.” 
“Hahahaha, Black Cat has finally encountered something he can’t handle. Why do I suddenly feel like laughing so much?” 
“…” 
As they giggled, Karl Moore looked up. “Black Cat said half an hour.” 
“…” 
The entire hotel suddenly fell silent.
The group of assassins looked at each other and finally couldn’t help but swear. 
“Holy shit!” 
“It’s fake, right?” 
“Black Cat is bragging too much this time!” 
“Hehe, then I’ll laugh at Black Cat in half an hour!” 
The group of people waited to see the joke. Half an hour passed quickly. 
Karl Moore took out his phone and was about to send a message to Black Cat when he received a message. “It’s here. Go downstairs.” 
Karl Moore was speechless. 
He looked at his subordinates in shock. Their mouths were wide open in disbelief. 
Karl Moore coughed and adjusted his clothes before standing up. “I’ll go downstairs and take a look. Put away your inexperienced looks. You’re really embarrassing me!” 
“As the number one assassination organization, you should learn the efficiency of Black Cat! 
Someone asked, “Boss, Boss, I just want to ask, who is this Black Cat? This efficiency is not something that can be achieved by humans, right?” 
“Is Black Cat not human?” 
His words made everyone stand up straight. 
They all swallowed.
Actually, after Black Cat had killed in Burundi, the assassins started sharing myths about him. But now, they suddenly felt that the myths were not enough? 
Karl Moore no longer bothered with these brats and took them downstairs. 
People were coming and going in the lobby downstairs. 
Karl Moore went downstairs and stood in the lobby, looking around. His subordinates spread out on both sides, not letting anyone disturb him. 
Karl Moore was already very excited. He wanted to see what the legendary Black Cat looked like. 
He narrowed his eyes and was looking around when a thin figure rushed straight at him! 
The surrounding killers agilely wanted to stop him, but the man seemed to have been pushed by someone. He avoided everyone just in time and bumped into Karl Moore! 
Karl Moore felt a sting on his head. 
Then, the person immediately apologized. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” 
Just as Karl Moore was about to catch this person, a voice sounded from afar. “Karl Moore…” 
He subconsciously thought it was Black Cat. He turned his head but saw no one in the distance. 
When he came back to his senses, the person who had bumped into him had also disappeared!! 
It was as if he had bumped into a ghost. He shouted for bad luck and took out his phone. Just as he was about to send a message to Black Cat, he saw a message: “Left pocket of your suit.” 
Karl Moore: “?”
He was stunned. Then, he lowered his head and looked at his left pocket. There was a bag quietly sitting inside. In the bag were two strands of hair. 
Karl Moore was speechless. 
“Boss? What is this?” 
Karl Moore swallowed. “That Tanya’s DNA sample.” 
“…” 
“So the one who bumped into you earlier was Black Cat?!”
###Chapter 445
His words reminded Karl Moore. He looked at the killers around him and asked, “Did any of you see what Black Cat looks like?” 
As soon as he said this, the few of them thought hard about it and realized that they could not remember Black Cat’s appearance. 
Because when that person bumped into him earlier, he was wearing a cap, sunglasses, and a mask. His speed was too fast, and those people did not even recognize if he was a man or a woman! 
Karl Moore was speechless. 
He hastily said, “Check the surveillance cameras!” 
Someone was already operating a computer. He could only look up at Karl with a disappointed face. “Black Cat is definitely meticulous. The surveillance cameras have been cleared.” 
“…” 
Karl Moore pursed his lips and sent a message to Black Cat. “You’re already here, why don’t we meet?” 
Black Cat… ignored him. 
Karl Moore was speechless. 
He could only take a deep breath. “Forget it. Let’s go to the testing center.” 
“Understood.” 
However, someone still asked, “Boss, is this Tanya’s hair?” 
Karl Moore narrowed his eyes. “Definitely. When has Black Cat ever made a mistake?”
Everyone nodded. 
At the same time, at the back door of the hotel. 
Nora got into Justin’s car very quickly. 
She took off her hat, sunglasses, and mask. Her hair, which was covered by the hat, fell down. She shook her head and said after straightening her hair, “Done.” 
She raised the bag with a few short hairs in it. “Karl Moore’s hair loss is a little serious. I grabbed a bunch, but there are only so few?” 
Justin: “…” 
Suddenly, he felt his scalp tighten. 
Thank goodness, he didn’t need to do any more DNA tests. 
The car started, and Justin slowly rushed to the hospital. He asked, “How did you get Karl Moore to come downstairs?” 
Nora raised her eyes and looked at Justin. “That… is a secret.” 
“…” 
Forget it. She had many aliases. Justin was no longer amazed by any of her actions. 
The two of them arrived at the hospital. Just as they were about to enter, they heard Quentin say, “They won? Did they really win? I thought that without me, Third In The World would lose! I asked Lily, but she didn’t know anything!”
Joel had been busy fighting the lawsuit these past few days. When he found out that Quentin had woken up and was in a stable mood, he had yet to see him. 
Not many people who came to see him knew about the competition. 
Therefore, Quentin had just found out the outcome of the competition. 
Nora was about to push open the door and enter when she heard Quentin say, “I remember the competition rules say that there must be three people, right? Did Big Brother represent our team? Is that why we won the competition? It must be like this!” 
Joel stared at Quentin and twitched his lips. 
Although not many people knew that Justin was Irvin School of Martial Arts’ Big Brother, Joel knew it very well. 
He coughed and said, “Yes, Big Brother competed too.” 
“Big Sister competed alongside Big Brother and I missed it? What a pity!” Quentin was still chattering. “But Big Brother and Big Sister don’t get along, right? Big Sister said that she’s not compatible with Big Brother!” 
Whether they were compatible or not… they had already given birth to two children. 
Joel cursed in his heart. 
Outside the door, Nora suddenly turned her head and looked at Justin. “… Big Brother?” 
She had been so focused on revenge that she had almost forgotten about it!
Justin had deceived her so badly! 
She thought about how she had criticized Big Brother many times in front of him, but this person had never said a word. She wondered how he had mocked her in his heart. 
Nora sneered and suddenly moved her wrist. “Big Brother, I’ve been friends with you for a long time. Why don’t we find a place to spar?” 
Justin: “!!!” 
He smiled with narrowed eyes, the mole at the corner of his eye flashing guiltily. “I think the DNA test is a bit more urgent.” 
Nora nodded. “You’re right.” 
Justin heaved a sigh of relief. 
The next moment, Nora pushed open the door and threw the sample in her hand toward Lily. “The results will be out in three hours.” 
Then she turned around, grabbed Justin’s tie, and pulled him downstairs. 
Justin: “…” 
This domineering posture was too ambiguous. 
For a moment, he did not know whether to laugh or cry. 
The two of them went downstairs and found an empty seat. Nora clenched her fists and waved at Justin. “Come on, don’t be merciful. Let me see how powerful this Big Brother is that Master keeps talking about!”
Justin: “…” 
Should he fight or not? Wasn’t she making things too difficult for him? 
— 
At the testing center. 
After Karl Moore personally delivered Tanya’s hair, he got his brothers to wait and returned to the hotel. 
As soon as he returned, he saw Jill waiting for him. 
Karl Moore narrowed his eyes and walked forward. “Why are you here?” 
Jill immediately asked, “When are you going to save Hillary? It’s been a day. Why haven’t you saved her yet?” 
Karl Moore walked upstairs. “There has to be time for everything. I’ve already made arrangements. Don’t be anxious.” 
Jill followed behind him. “Karl Moore, you slept with me back then and walked away. I had to marry someone while I was pregnant with your child. You’ve let me down. I don’t have any other requests for you, as long as you save my daughter and take her overseas!” 
Karl Moore nodded. “I already know your request. Go back now.” 
However, Jill followed him into the hotel room. “No, I want to stay here and watch you arrange my daughter’s rescue! I won’t leave until you save her!” 
With that, she sat on Karl Moore’s sofa confidently and folded her arms as she looked at him.
Karl Moore ignored her nonsense and instructed his subordinates to do what they needed to do. He took out some documents and looked at them, handling some matters. 
When Jill saw that he was still calm, she stood up and snatched the documents from his hands. She could not help but say, “Your daughter has been in prison for a day. The Smiths and the Hunts have done countless evil deeds. Karl Moore, why is your heart so cold? You can still bear it! Is your job more important? Or is your daughter? It’s been so many years, but you haven’t done anything as a father. Now, you owe her! Can you save your daughter quickly?!” 
Karl Moore looked at her and frowned unhappily. 
At this moment, his phone rang. 
Karl Moore picked up the call and his subordinate’s voice came from the other end. “Boss, the results are out.” 
Karl Moore stared at Jill and asked, “What was the outcome?” 
“99%. You and Miss Tanya are father and daughter.”
###Chapter 446
Karl’s grip on his phone tightened. 
His jaw tensed up and he felt that he must have misheard. He kept his emotions under control and asked again, “What did you say?” 
“Boss, Tanya Turner is your real daughter. Hillary Jones is not your daughter at all. That sadistic woman even stole your daughter’s child and tortured her for five years… 
“I looked into her background along the way. Ms. Turner suffered a lot in Switzerland during those five years. After she lost her child, she suffered a mental breakdown and was almost sent to a mental institution. Later, someone even framed her and broke her leg. When I looked into it, it turned out that it was also Hillary’s doing. Fortunately, she met a genius doctor who fixed her leg for her… 
“Also, as you must already know from the court hearing, it was Hillary behind Ms. Turner and Mr. Smith’s breakup back then. She schemed and plotted to sow discord between the two of them and separate them. 
“I also found out that everyone knows that Tanya Turner is Jill’s daughter. She was Jill’s extra baggage when she married into the Joneses back then. The Joneses have always treated Ms. Turner like a servant. 
“Also, after the first nine years of compulsory education, ever since she entered junior high, Ms. Turner had been working part-time to earn money for her tuition fees. Her tuition fees when she was attending college in the States also came from her part-time jobs. It seems that Jill has never given her any money for living expenses…” 
The more his subordinate spoke, the graver and more solemn Karl’s face became. 
To be honest, when Jill told him that Hillary was his daughter, he had been somewhat in an internal struggle.
After all, no one wanted their daughter to be a thief who stole other people’s children! 
But for someone like him, who couldn’t ever have any more children, having a descendant was something that didn’t come by easily. He didn’t dare to wish for more. 
When he instructed his men to look into Tanya, he actually hadn’t held much hope. He had merely found Jill’s behavior a little fishy. 
Even though he was the leader of a group of assassins, Karl gave people the impression that he was a very simple and naive man, as if he was very gullible. It was just like how he had seemed like a foolish small-time gangster in the States many years ago… 
But if he really were that stupid, how would he possibly have become the leader of the Assassin Organization? 
The instant the report was out, Karl was thankful that his daughter was not a woman who did all sorts of wicked and malicious deeds, an acute sense of guilt also surged up in him! 
He had never expected his daughter to be living such a hard life! 
He had also never expected himself to actually become an accomplice to someone trying to take his daughter’s child away from her just as his daughter’s life was improving. 
He slapped himself across the cheek angrily. 
Smack! 
He used a lot of force in the slap. After he slapped himself, his mind also became clearer. He turned to look at Jill! 
The look in his eyes was fierce and vicious, making Jill feel cold all over. Her confrontational words toward Karl suddenly became stuck in her throat and she stammered, “W-why are you looking at me like
that…?” 
Karl sneered, “I’m just trying to see just how brave the person is who had the guts to deceive me into bullying my own daughter!” 
Jill’s pupils shrank when she heard him. 
She took a huge step back. Her eyes flickered as she said, “What nonsense are you talking about? I don’t understand what you’re saying!” 
“In that case, let me explain everything to you properly.” 
Karl took step after step toward Jill. “The hair you plucked out when you were at the court is Tanya Turner’s, right?” 
Jill hurriedly denied it. “No, it isn’t!” 
Seeing that she was still lying even at this point, disappointment flashed across Karl’s eyes. He narrowed his eyes and slowly said, “I have already done another DNA test for Tanya and me.” 
That one line of his stunned Jill. 
She looked at Karl in disbelief, seemingly never having expected him to be such a perceptive man… 
Seeing that she had finally shut up, Karl sneered, “What else do you have to say now?” 
Realizing that she couldn’t continue to hide it from him anymore, Jill took another two steps back and put some distance between herself and Karl. She looked at him coldly and said furiously, “So what even if you now realize it? This is something you owe me, Karl! Even if Tanya is your daughter, I’m still the one who gave birth to her! I gave you a daughter, so you have to save my daughter’s life!”
Karl narrowed his eyes. He suddenly took a step forward and slapped her hard across the cheek! 
Smack! 
The crisp smack caused Jill’s voice to instantly disappear. 
She could feel her cheek burning, and even two of her teeth had loosened and fallen off. She could taste a metallic sweetness—she was likely bleeding. 
Her ears were also ringing. One could easily see just how hard Karl had slapped her! 
When she finally came back to her senses, she saw that Karl was already seated on the sofa. He had one leg crossed over the other and was fiddling with a gun. 
Jill’s legs instantly turned into jelly when she saw the icy-cold muzzle pointed at her! 
In this instant, the man in front of her suddenly became big and tall. It was as if even the air around him had changed. From a simple and naive nouveau riche, he had turned into a cold and unfeeling underworld boss. 
Jill swallowed. 
Since the moment she ran into Karl when she was taking Hillary to the airport, the man had always shown her kindness. It made her think that time was still stuck at over twenty years ago when the man was just a little gangster in the streets… 
That was why she had kept making various demands to Karl, and even spoke as if she was giving him orders when she requested him to save her daughter. 
It wasn’t until now that Jill finally realized in shock that he was a man who could make even the Smiths and the Hunts compromise. He was not someone whom she could manipulate as and when she
wanted… 
She had assumed that he was much stupider than he really was! 
She was so frightened that she couldn’t help but shiver all over. Her lips trembled as she said, “You… you can’t kill me…” 
Karl’s head was lowered as he glanced at her carelessly. “Why can’t I kill you?” 
“Because… because…” Jill suddenly thought of something. “Because I am Tanya’s mother! I gave birth to her! I brought her all the way up! Even if there’s nothing meritorious about what I did, you cannot deny the effort I’ve put in! I was the one who gave Tanya her life!” 
Karl let out an icy laugh when he heard what she said. He looked up and said, “If it wasn’t for that, did you think I would have stopped at just a slap?” 
Cold sweat drenched Jill. 
Karl got up. He stared at her and ordered, “Get lost!” 
A frightened Jill got up abruptly and scrambled toward the door. The woman staggered as she moved as if she was afraid that Karl would kill her the next second. 
— 
Elsewhere, in prison. 
During the prisoner’s recreation time, someone came up to Hillary. 
Hillary couldn’t help but smile as she looked at her. “Did Karl Moore send you to take care of me?”
The woman was a female prisoner. She flexed her wrists when she heard what Hillary said, and the corners of her lips curled up into a strange smile. “Uh-huh. Boss asked me to take good care of you.”
###Chapter 447
Hillary didn’t sense anything amiss even when she heard what the other woman said. 
Although she had been very scared and in a panic when she first entered the prison, she soon discovered that she was receiving slightly better treatment than other prisoners. There were several times where someone had tried to make things hard for her, but someone else had fended them all off for her. 
Later, Jill had visited her and informed her of some of the ongoings. She had also said that Karl would definitely save her and told her not to worry. 
As a result, Hillary had completely put her mind at ease. 
When she heard what the other woman said, she stretched out her leg and said, “Give me a leg massage. The bed in the cell is too hard. I didn’t sleep well last night, I’m really tired…” 
The female prisoner cast her eyes down and slowly squatted down. “Sure!” 
She bent over and held Hillary’s leg. 
While the prisoner hadn’t applied any force yet, Hillary ordered, “By the way, pass my dad a message and tell him to send me some bedding and stuff like that… oh, and skincare products too… I didn’t have any products after I washed my face today, my skin is really dry…” 
She had only just said that when she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her leg. The pain made her mouth open at once. She was about to yell when someone covered her mouth. 
Then, another person rushed over. 
Hillary’s eyes widened. The next moment, the prisoner giving her a massage suddenly raised her head and gave her a smile. Then, she pressed down harder!
“Ugh…” 
Hillary was in so much pain that she was covered in cold sweat all over. However, the woman didn’t show any sign of stopping!! 
By the time the prisoners’ recreation time ended, Hillary had been taught a good lesson. Upon returning to her cell with the rest of the prisoners, she immediately pulled her clothes to the side. Her body was covered in bruises and some places were starting to swell, forming an unbearable sight! 
Tears rolled down her cheeks at once. 
“Hillary, you have a visitor.” 
She stood up abruptly. When she went out, she saw a pathetic-looking Jill standing in the room. 
The agonized woman hugged Jill at once. “Mom, you’re finally here! They are going to bully me to death! Quick, tell Karl the people he sent to protect me are bullying me every day! Make Karl take revenge for me and kill them!” 
Her eyes were filled with hatred. 
Jill’s eyes reddened when she heard her. “It’s been tough on you, Hillary! But there’s nothing we can do at the moment!” 
Hillary looked up at once. It was then that she noticed that Jill’s cheek was also red and swollen on one side. Stunned, she asked, “What happened to you?” 
Jill hugged her and wept bitterly. 
When the visitation session ended, Hillary hugged her and shouted, “Mom! Mom, you must save me! I will die if you don’t save me! I really will die!”
As per the public’s wishes, Hillary had been sentenced to life imprisonment. 
The moment she thought of how she would be in jail for the rest of her life, she felt acute despair swallow her up… 
Jill clenched her fists tightly as she watched her crying daughter being led away. 
No, she mustn’t allow her daughter’s life to be ruined just like that!! 
— 
At the Smiths. 
Tanya was playing with Mia and the others. 
Nora was seated leisurely on the sofa. Joel and Justin were sitting on the other side. 
Cherry, who was sitting cross-legged, was playing games on her cell phone. 
Pete was watching Mia and Cherry. For once, he actually wasn’t doing Mathematical Olympiad drills. 
The family formed a happy and harmonious sight, but in truth, they were actually waiting for the results of Lily’s final DNA test. 
If the busy Lily were to see what they currently looked like, she would probably call them “evil capitalists”! 
Suddenly, the butler entered the room. He looked a little embarrassed as he said, “Sir, the old Mr. Smith is here.” 
The guest was Samuel Smith, Ian’s third uncle who lived in the Smiths’ ancestral home. He was also the one who had spoken up for Yvonne previously.
Joel raised his brows. 
Samuel had helped Yvonne to make a scene at the hospital the other time, but it was to no avail. After that, he had left while Yvonne was arrested and thrown into jail. 
What was he here for this time? 
Joel’s brows drew together, but it wasn’t like he could really drive his elders out of the house, so he said dispassionately, “Let him in.” 
The butler nodded. A short while later, Samuel came in with a woman who looked about forty to fifty years old. 
Joel glanced at the two of them. Then, he lowered his gaze and said, “Granduncle Samuel, Grandaunt Sue.” 
Sue had married into the family after Samuel’s first wife passed away. There was a shrewd and capable look in her eyes. 
Her eyes, which had a lot of life in them, glanced at Joel. Then, she smiled and said, “Joel, we haven’t seen each other for so long! I heard that there was some trouble at home, so Samuel and I immediately hurried over to visit you!” 
Samuel let out a cold laugh. 
Sue immediately prodded his arm, stopping Samuel from speaking. 
She looked at the two women in the living room. 
Then, she went forward, held Nora’s hand enthusiastically, and said, “You must be Nora, right? You look just like a Smith! You’re so pretty! I heard you’re engaged to Mr. Hunt?”
She looked at Justin cheerfully. 
Justin, who was unaware of all the inner workings of the family, nodded politely at her. 
Before Nora could say anything, Sue took off the bangle on her hand and stuffed it into Nora’s hand. “Even though you’ve returned to the Smiths, Grandaunt Sue has nothing much she can give you. Here, you can have some fun with this bangle for now!” 
Nora: “” 
She narrowed her eyes slightly and pushed the bangle back to her. “I can’t take this. It’s too expensive a gift.” 
“Aw,” Sue said, “What’s so valuable about this? I have a distant relative in this line of business who’s very knowledgeable about antiques!” 
“Nora, I know there was a bit of a misunderstanding between you and Samuel previously, but we are all Smiths here. We’re all still connected to one another no matter what happens. You won’t hold it against him, right?” 
Nora: “…” 
Sue was simply too eloquent!! 
She coughed. Just as she was about to say something, Sue stuffed the bangle back into her hand and turned to Tanya. 
The look in her eyes wasn’t that humble anymore. 
She said with a smile, “You must be Mia’s mom, the one caught up in all that drama recently, right?” 
The children had already been taken upstairs to play when the two of them were coming in.
Justin didn’t want to reveal too much about his children. 
Seeing Sue looking at her, Tanya nodded. “Yes.” 
“Tanya, right? I met you before when you were a child!” Sue was very enthusiastic. She held her hand and said, “I was visiting the Joneses at that time. When you were pouring us water, you accidentally broke the glasses, so your mom punished you by making you kneel on the floor. You were only five then. You were so small and looked so pitiful kneeling there!” 
Her words were rather discomfiting. 
However, what she said next was even worse. “Who would have thought that you would become Cinderella and give birth to Joel’s child one day? A child with a high status elevates their mother’s status, indeed!”
###Chapter 448
Tanya: “” 
Nora: “” 
Everyone in the room could hear the disdain hidden in Sue’s words. 
What did she mean by saying that Tanya’s status had risen because she had given birth to Joel’s child?! 
She was clearly refusing to acknowledge Tanya’s status! 
Who would bring up someone else’s humiliating childhood events in front of other people? 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned cold, and she threw the bangle onto the coffee table, producing a crisp clang. 
However, it was as if Sue hadn’t sensed anything at all. She went on and said, “Joel, I heard that the two of you started dating in junior high and only broke up when you graduated from college? To think the two of you can still get together even after five years of separation… and that you can still hold your daughter in your arms. Tanya, you must feel very blissful to be able to live in such a big house, right?” 
The look in Tanya’s eyes turned even colder. She wanted to pull her hand out of the woman’s grip, but Sue kept holding her hand tightly. “People mustn’t forget their roots. Tanya, it was the Joneses who fed you and brought you up. Now that you have married into a rich family… let’s not talk about repaying their kindness anymore, but at the very least, you mustn’t be an ingrate, right?” 
Tanya narrowed her eyes. “I don’t understand what you’re trying to say, Mrs. Smith.” 
Joel also got up abruptly. His expression turned cold and he said, “Tanya, why don’t you go upstairs and take a look at the child? Mia seems to be calling out for you.”
Then, he looked at Sue and said, “Grandaunt Sue, how rare of you to visit us today. If you have something to say, then why don’t you speak with me instead?” 
Joel was still smiling, but he had completely unleashed his powerful aura. 
Tanya breathed a sigh of relief. 
She didn’t want to argue with people from the older generation of the Smiths. After all, it was very awkward for her to be living here at the moment. 
She and Joel weren’t married, but because she couldn’t bear to be apart from her daughter—besides, she had only just been reunited with her—she could only stay at the Smiths’. 
It was very embarrassing for her every time the nannies addressed her as “Ms. Turner”. 
Yet she couldn’t be so hypocritical as to bring up leaving. 
Karl was still in New York. What if Jill got him to send people to take revenge on her? 
At the very least, before the DNA report was out, there was no way she could leave the Smith manor. 
However, in the eyes of outsiders, her actions were no different from how Hillary had so shamelessly insisted on living with the Smiths back then. Some people would undoubtedly look down on her! 
They would think of her as someone clinging shamelessly to the Smiths as if what she was interested in was Joel’s money. 
She couldn’t be bothered to explain, though. 
She stood up and got ready to go upstairs. However, before she could go, Samuel let out a “hmph”, looked at Joel, and said, “What’s the problem, Joel? Is your grandaunt not allowed to chastise your woman even a little?”
Joel’s expression turned cold at once. “Granduncle Samuel, perhaps it’s because I haven’t done the proper introductions yet, but Tanya is my fiancée! She is also the future matriarch of the Smiths! May I know what Grandaunt Sue is planning to lecture her about?” 
Who would dare to lecture the matriarch of the family?! 
The only reason why they had the audacity to go this far right now was that he and Tanya weren’t married yet! 
Joel found Samuel very annoying and bothersome, but unfortunately, he was the oldest in the family, so he couldn’t casually refuse him an audience or drive him out! 
When he said that, Samuel laughed and said, “Joel, you must be kidding, right? Her? What gives her the right to be the matriarch of the Smiths? I was already disapproving of your engagement to Hillary Jones back then. The Joneses are just a small nobody family. How can they be worthy of you? Even the mention of it is an embarrassment to the Smiths! 
“I was even thinking of introducing you to someone of suitable and matching status when you broke off your engagement with her, but I didn’t expect you to find yourself another woman with an even worse background! 
“The one from the Joneses is at least the young mistress of their family, but what about this one? She’s just extra baggage that that woman from the Joneses brought with her when she married into the family! 
“Is there anyone who doesn’t know that the Joneses have never liked her throughout her entire life? On top of that, she has such a weird temperament that even her own mother loathes her. How can such an unruly person be the matriarch of the Smiths?!”
Sue echoed him, “He’s right, Joel. You’d better not let her trick you and talk you into being impulsive. If you marry her, you will end up a joke in all the wealthy circles in New York! I’m saying this for your own good. No one will say anything if you keep her as your mistress and have some fun with her, but you have to be careful about who you give the identity of the matriarch of the Smiths to! I have someone whom I can introduce to you. Not only does she have a good personality, but she also has a good character. Why don’t I introduce the two of you to each other?” 
Seeing how they were crossing the line further and further with their words, the cold Joel said, “I haven’t reached the point where I need other people to dictate who I should be choosing as my wife. Besides, Uncle Ian has already approved of Tanya.” 
Ian held great authority in the Smiths. 
Even Samuel didn’t dare to behave obnoxiously in front of Ian even if he was older than him. 
It was just that the difference in generational roles between Ian and Samuel was simply too big. That was why he had the guts to come over and say such things. 
However, Samuel sneered and said, “I only said a few words, yet you’re saying that I’m ‘dictating’ what you should be doing? Do you have any idea that word has already spread throughout the wealthy circle in New York that you’ve gone out of your mind because of a woman?! It’s to the extent that you’re already going against Karl Moore! If being a hero is what you want, then, by all means, go ahead! But why are you putting the Smiths at stake as a result? You may not be afraid of death, but we want to live!” 
Sue nodded repeatedly. “He’s right, Joel. However, our focus right now isn’t about who the matriarch of the Smiths is. After all, it’s not set in stone yet. I’m actually here today to persuade you to reconcile with the Joneses.” 
She looked at Tanya and said, “Hillary stole your child and deceived Joel, there’s no doubt that she made a mistake there. But Jill is still your mother, no matter what, right? Surely you can’t disregard even your
own mother, right?! You and Hillary are technically sisters. Rather than making a fool out of yourselves in front of outsiders, in my opinion, why not let the whole thing pass altogether…? We can have the two families reconcile while you forgive Hillary. Let Joel do something about it and have her acquitted. This way, you won’t make a fool out of yourself in front of others anymore. Don’t you think I’m right?” 
Tanya: “?!” 
Her expression turned cold. “Mrs. Smith, I will never forgive a woman who stole my child, so I would advise you not to bother persuading us any further. If not, you can’t hold it against me if I don’t show you any courtesy!” 
Sue curled her lips disdainfully. However, she took a step forward and held her hand again. “You silly girl, I’m not doing this for the Joneses; I’m doing this for you! Think about it, how are you going to gain a foothold in the Smiths when you don’t have a notable background? No matter how awful the Joneses are, they can still be considered your family. If you fall out with them, you’ll really become someone without a family! If a woman without a notable background like you doesn’t have anyone backing you up, how are you going to be with Joel? Am I wrong?”
###Chapter 449
Her words made Tanya feel incredibly furious and shamed! 
Honestly speaking, her status was indeed too low in comparison with Joel’s. 
After all, the Smiths’ status was clear for all to see… 
Moreover, she was already way past the point in her youthful days where love eclipsed all. 
Were it back then, she would have said mockingly, “So what even if I don’t have a notable background? Joel and I are truly in love with each other!” 
However, the five years she had spent living abroad had made her thoroughly understand what life really was like. She had also come to understand that one’s birth and family background were indeed their first hurdle in life! 
Some people were born at the top of the pyramid, but she was instead at the furthest end of the line, unable to hold a candle to them. 
She clenched her fists tightly, and her face flushed with shame. 
Nora couldn’t make herself listen anymore. She looked up and said in a low voice, “Who says she doesn’t have anyone backing her up?” 
Sue looked at her. 
She didn’t want to offend Nora—after all, she was Ian’s daughter! 
The entire family knew just how protective Ian was of his own. If she dared so much as to look at Nora the wrong way, Ian would surely crawl all the way out of the hospital and barge into their home to beat them up the very next moment.
However, she still curled her lips disdainfully. At the bottom of it all, she was still just a girl raised in a small household in a small town in California. She simply spoke so arrogantly and was completely lacking in foundation and cultivation. 
She asked with a big smile, “Oh? Is Tanya the daughter of an internationally wealthy family? So, she comes from a very impressive family? Why haven’t I heard of that?!” 
Tanya: “!” 
Just as Tanya was at a loss for words, Nora glanced at Justin. 
Justin got the hint and got up at once. “Mrs. Smith, I forgot to make the introductions. Tanya is my younger god-sister.” 
As soon as he said that, Nora coughed and retorted, “She’s your elder god-sister.” 
Tanya was a year older than Nora. 
Justin: “…” 
He coughed and said, “Well, yes. Therefore, the Hunts are her family!” 
Sue narrowed her eyes at once. She smiled awkwardly and said, “Heh. Ms. Turner sure is pretty skilled at becoming god-relatives with others.” 
However, with Justin standing there, she ultimately didn’t dare to say anything else. 
At this moment, the butler outside came in again. This time, he had a solemn look on his face. Upon entering, he immediately said, “Mr. Joel. Karl Moore has brought his men here again!” 
Joel: “”
He narrowed his eyes and subconsciously exchanged a look with Justin. 
In this instant, both men had figured out what Karl was here for! 
… even if Lily’s test results weren’t out yet! 
Karl had the DNA test expedited, so the lab completed it in three hours for him. On the other hand, after Nora retrieved Karl’s hair samples, she had gone to the hospital to pass them to Lily, who then went to the relevant departments to borrow their equipment and so on. As a result, they were delayed by an hour. 
However, if Tanya wasn’t Karl’s daughter, he would not have come to the Smiths’ but gone to break Hillary out of jail instead! 
Therefore, a relaxed Joel said, “Invite him into the house.” 
The butler nodded and left. 
However, he didn’t expect Samuel to suddenly latch on to this. He looked straight at Joel and said, “Did you see that? He’s here again! He must be here because of the Joneses again! If you ask me, you shouldn’t have offended people like him!” 
Sue also said, “Yes, this is so scary. I heard that gangsters like them don’t give two hoots about anything and are very unreasonable! We, the Smiths, are people who obey the rules and do business legitimately. We can’t offend big figures like him! Joel, you have to think this through carefully. Are you really going to fight him at the cost of our family?!” 
Joel sneered at their words.
He lowered his gaze and said slowly, “Granduncle Samuel and Grandaunt Sue, perhaps Karl is here to make peace?” 
“That’s impossible! You must be out of your mind!” Samuel angrily rebuked, “Why would someone like him bow down to you? He’s definitely here to settle scores with you! You’d better hurry and think about what to say to him!” 
Then, he looked at Tanya earnestly and said, “And you, too. Even if you are not a daughter-in-law of the Smiths yet, you are still more or less Joel’s woman. Can’t you be a bit more sensible and not make so much trouble for the Smiths?!” 
Sue nodded. “Ms. Turner, you are still young, so you must feel like you have to get even with them. But by doing so, do you know how much risk you’re putting the Smiths at?! There are tons of people waiting to see you make a fool out of yourself! Hurry and talk some sense into Joel. I don’t think the Joneses want the child anymore, so why not just have the two families reconcile?!” 
Tanya’s thoughts were not on these matters at the moment, however. 
She stared at the doorway with complicated feelings. 
She had a vague inkling why Karl had suddenly come to the Smiths’. She had already considered the possibility when Lily went to redo the DNA test. 
But was he really her father? 
In that case, did she want to acknowledge him? 
She was in an internal struggle about this, so she didn’t hear Samuel and Sue going on and on by themselves.
At this point, Karl, together with three of his men, strode through the doorway into the living room. As he entered, his gaze immediately landed on Tanya excitedly. Even his voice was trembling a little as he asked, “You must be Tanya, right?” 
Joel stepped in front of Tanya, looked at Karl, and said unceremoniously, “Mr. Moore, may I know what you are here for?” 
He spoke aggressively, which shocked Samuel. 
Samuel immediately grabbed his arm and said, “Mr. Moore, my apologies, Joel is still young and ignorant. You must be here to propose reconciliation, right?” 
Karl was a little displeased that Joel was blocking his view of Tanya. 
But when he thought of how he was the man whom Tanya loved, he didn’t dare to offend him. As a result, he could only look away in dejection. He replied, “I’m here to talk to Tanya.” 
Samuel immediately gave him an obsequious smile. “Yes, that’s right. We shouldn’t be impulsive. Let’s all sit down and talk it out!” 
He glanced at Sue at once. 
Sue got the hint. She grabbed Tanya’s wrist, lowered her voice, and said, “Ms. Turner, if you are not stupid, then you should know what kind of choice to make, right?” 
Tanya frowned. “What?” 
Sue finally said, “I’m actually here because your mother came to me and asked me to talk to you. I believe that once you take a step back and give in, the Joneses will owe you one and support you in the future, in which case it won’t be impossible for you to marry Joel… But if you insist on falling out with the
Joneses and forcing the Smiths to offend Mr. Moore, then I am afraid you can forget about ever establishing a foothold in the Smiths!” 
“You must have a good talk with Mr. Moore. Try to meet all of his demands. He is an influential figure that someone like you cannot afford to offend!”
###Chapter 450
An influential figure? 
Tanya looked at Karl. 
She had never been afraid of influential people. After all, Karl was only one thing to her at the moment— a father who had tried to help someone else to take her child from her. 
When Sue saw that she wasn’t saying anything, she went on. “You’d best not do anything stupid. I’ll tell you this, Joel is willing to stand up for you today because he’s still in love with you now. Once he gets bored of you, he can easily push you out and make you suffer! You know what I mean, right?” 
Tanya lowered her gaze and replied frostily, “Yeah.” 
Then, she walked around Sue, stood right next to Joel, and looked at Karl. She said very coldly, “I have nothing to say to you.” 
Anger filled inside her the moment she thought of how Karl had forced them to go to court with Hillary. 
Her words and behavior shocked Sue! 
She and Samuel looked at each other and hastily took a step forward. Sue grabbed Tanya and chastised her. “Child, watch the way you speak!” 
Samuel looked at Karl and explained, “Don’t take this the wrong way, Mr. Moore. She is from a small family, so she doesn’t know how to speak properly. Rest assured that her attitude is not representative of the Smiths’. After all, she is not Joel’s wife yet!” 
He then looked at Tanya and reprimanded her loudly. “What kind of attitude do you think you’re taking towards Mr. Moore?! Hurry up and apologize!”
Joel’s eyes turned cold. However, when he saw that Karl’s expression had darkened, he thought for a while and decided not to say anything. 
Tanya would be living with the Smiths in the future. If Karl unleashed his wrath, perhaps he would be able to intimidate those two old fogeys and stop them from creating so much trouble in the future! 
His silence made Samuel think that he had given him his tacit approval. Thus, his voice became even louder as he reprimanded Tanya. “I’m talking to you! Why aren’t you listening? Hurry up and apologize!” 
Tanya lowered her head and sneered, “He doesn’t deserve my apology.” 
Her words horrified Samuel even further. He looked back up—sure enough, Karl was already pulling a long face. He immediately misunderstood and hastily scolded Tanya angrily again. “What’s the matter with you? If you don’t apologize, then you can forget about ever marrying into the Smiths!” 
Then, he turned to Karl. “Mr. Moore, please don’t be mistaken…” 
Next to him, Sue also said, “Mr. Moore, don’t be angry. Insensible, awkward, foul-mouthed, and short- sighted; she has always been like this since she was a child! It’s all because she’s a stray child without a father to bring her up. That’s why she has no family upbringing whatsoever!” 
As soon as she said that, she heard a click. The next moment, an icy-cold was pointed right at her head. 
Sue was stunned. 
She slowly turned her head to see a pitch-black hole aimed at her head. When she realized what it was, Sue’s legs went limp and she almost fell straight onto the floor! 
She was so terrified that she was shaking all over. She pointed to Tanya and said, “Mr. Moore, you… you are pointing that at the wrong person. Tanya is over there…”
Karl’s gaze, however, was fixed right on her. 
She had the guts to mock his daughter when he was standing right in front of her. He then thought of all the things that his men had found out about Tanya while they were on their way here… 
His daughter had suffered so much all these years! 
Just the mere thought of it made his heart ache terribly!! 
He asked coldly, “Did you just say that she doesn’t have a father?” 
Sue immediately nodded. “Yes, yes, that’s right. She is the extra baggage that Jill brought with her when she married into the Joneses. Everyone knows that. I even heard that Jill’s ex-lover was some small-time gangster. With a gangster for a father, she must be rotten through and through, either…” 
Almost as soon as she said that, she heard a bang! 
A gunshot rang out right beside Sue’s ear, which made her jump in shock and fright. Her trousers immediately became scorching hot… 
When she recovered, she saw that the gunshot had landed right next to her foot. It had even created a small hole in the Smiths’ marble flooring. 
Her legs turned into jelly and she fell onto the floor. 
Karl blew at the muzzle and dissipated the smoke rising out of it. Then, as if nothing noteworthy had happened, he said, “Sorry, it went off accidentally.” 
Sue: “…” 
She nodded obediently. Before she could say anything, Karl lifted the gun and pointed the pitch-black hole at her again.
Karl’s voice seemed like it was coming from the heavens, yet also as if it was close at hand. He said, “Hearing you insulting me like that doesn’t make me very happy, though. How am I a small-time gangster? How is my daughter rotten through and through?” 
Sue: “” 
Samuel, who was also scared witless beside her: “” 
Both of them looked at Karl, question marks popping up in their minds at the same time: ‘Huh?’ 
Just as the two were utterly confused about what was going on, Tanya’s voice rang out. “I’m not your daughter!” 
Karl immediately stopped paying attention to Sue. It was just that he didn’t move his hand away, either, so the gun was still pointed at her, making her afraid to move. 
Karl panicked and said, “Tanya, Dad knows he’s in the wrong now! Jill tricked me! She told me that Hillary is my daughter… That’s why I helped her to take your child!” 
Sue: “” 
Samuel: “?” 
The two of them felt that they might be mishearing things due to old age. 
What did Karl just say?! 
Samuel swallowed and asked, “Mr. Moore, w-what do you mean?”
Karl, who was very troubled that his daughter was refusing to acknowledge him, immediately replied angrily, “What I’m saying is, Tanya is my daughter, and I’m her father! I will fight everyone who dares to bully my daughter, to the death!” 
Samuel: “!!!!” 
When Sue heard the words “to the death” and saw the muzzle again, her eyes suddenly rolled up in fright and she passed out, her lower body was all wet. 
… 
However, no one was paying any attention to that at the moment. 
Karl was anxious to acknowledge his daughter, but Tanya had a complicated look on her face. She couldn’t accept him right away. 
While the two were looking at each other, the butler at the door came in again. With a complicated look on his countenance, he looked at Tanya and said, “Ms. Turner, Mrs. Jones is here. She’s at the door and insisting that you go out!” 
Tanya frowned. 
She glanced at Karl before she turned and went out. 
The moment she came to the manor’s gates, she saw Jill standing outside with a group of reporters. 
Jill was currently holding a dagger to her neck. As soon as Tanya appeared, she yelled, “Tanya, write and sign off on a letter of forgiveness right away! Save Hillary and get her out of jail!” 
Her eyes were icy-cold. “Even if we have severed our ties as mother and daughter, it doesn’t change the fact that I am still your mother! My blood flows through your veins! If you refuse to save Hillary, I will kill
myself right in front of you. Everyone is watching! You drove your mother to kill herself! I want you to never be able to rest in peace for the rest of your life!” 
As soon as she said that, a fervor went through the reporters! 
A mother killing herself in front of her daughter?! 
This was breaking news! 
Everyone rushed forward with their cameras and pointed their microphones at Tanya. 
“Ms. Turner, what is your decision?” 
“Ms. Turner, are you really going to disregard your mother’s life?” 
“If she dies here, you’ll become the person responsible for driving her to her death, and you will definitely regret it in the future. Ms. Turner, hurry up and accede to her request!” 
“Ms. Turner…” 
At the same time, there were also people doing live-streams of the situation. 
With a microphone in his hand, a reporter spoke to his live-stream audience and said, “I heard that Tanya’s mother has never treated her well ever since she was a child. But she is ultimately still her mother and the person who gave birth to her. She gave Ms. Turner life. Surely the fact alone that she hadn’t abandoned Ms. Turner but fed her and brought her up all the way until she became an adult is enough that Ms. Turner shouldn’t let her down, right?” 
People were also commenting in the live-stream: 
“It’s all over! Tanya has gotten into huge trouble now!”
“She doesn’t need a mother like that! She shouldn’t forgive her. Why should she forgive her?!” 
“What a horrific mother. But if Tanya doesn’t save her, she will really become someone who killed her own mother. No matter what, she brought Tanya into the world!” 
“What can she do now? Can Tanya really watch her mother die in front of her?” 
… 
Even without looking at the comments, Jill seemed to know what the people would say. 
She sneered at Tanya and brought the dagger even closer to her neck. Someone wanted to come forward and stop her, but she shouted, “Don’t come near! If you come any nearer, I will stab myself with the dagger!” 
Her words made everyone stop. 
Tanya looked at her. 
In this instant, her heart was dead. 
Would you look at that? That was her mother. For the sake of her other daughter, she was willing to threaten her with her own life. 
Tanya closed her eyes. 
She felt like a trapped beast forced into the most desperate of situations! 
What could she do?! 
In her despair, Karl and Nora came out of the manor.
###Chapter 451
Nora looked at the situation in front of her and frowned slightly. 
She looked at Jill in confusion. 
In the past, she had only heard Tanya talk about how biased her mother was, but she had never seen it with her own eyes. 
Furthermore, she did not have a mother growing up, so she had felt even less motherly love. 
But at this moment, she was still furious when she saw Jill’s actions. 
She frowned and suddenly walked around Tanya. She took a step forward and walked toward Jill. 
Jill was stunned. “Don’t come over! If you come any closer, I’ll pierce myself!” 
Nora’s tone was very calm as she said, “Do you really want to die? Then let me tell you. If you want to cut your throat, you must remember to aim it at the large artery. Otherwise, you will probably feel very uncomfortable!” 
Jill was taken aback. “What?” 
Nora stopped in her tracks and did not move forward. She turned around and looked at Joel, who was standing at the door. She said, “Joel, please bring my medical bag over.” 
With that, she smiled at Jill. “I’m sorry, but you should know who I am. I’m a surgeon. After you slit your throat, I’m confident that I can save you. Of course… there’s no anesthetic here. To stop the bleeding, I might close the wound directly. You have to endure the pain of the needle passing through your neck… but I’m very fast. It will take less than… half an hour?” 
After saying that, Nora smiled again. “Although, the medical equipment at hand is still just for first aid, so I can’t guarantee that there won’t be any scars. But you don’t have to worry…”
The smile on her lips looked strange and cold. “Although it won’t look good and will have the effect of being sewn on like a doll, you won’t die.” 
“Of course, it’s also possible to completely avoid a scar, but the chances of that happening are very low.” 
After saying that, she looked at Jill seriously. “Mrs. Jones, may I ask when do you plan to pierce your neck?” 
Jill: “!!” 
Why did she feel so terrified after hearing her words? 
Moreover, for some reason, Nora’s voice was very low right now. Her voice was not as sweet as that of an ordinary girl. It was a little cold. Saying things slowly like this was like telling a ghost story. It scared her so much that she shouted, “You, you lunatic!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and did not say anything else. 
After being interrupted by her, the reporters beside her felt that the situation was no longer as dangerous as before. They even found it… a little funny? 
When Jill saw that some of the reporters around her had lowered their heads and smiled, she immediately narrowed her eyes. She looked angrily at Tanya. “Are you going to watch helplessly as others insult your mother? You unfilial child! How did I give birth to you?!” 
Tanya lowered her head. 
At this moment, she even felt a little helpless. Her tone was very calm, but everyone present could hear the despair in her words through her tone. “What… can I do… to make you cut ties with me?” 
Just because she gave birth to her, did she owe her forever?!
Tanya clenched her fists and suddenly looked up at Jill. “Do you know? I wish I could peel off my bones and skin to return this flesh to you!” 
Everyone was shocked. 
To be able to say such words, Tanya must be feeling extremely pained at this moment! 
The live-stream’s comments paused for a moment before someone spoke up for her. 
— I can’t stand it anymore. Just because she gave birth to her, she can keep forcing her forever? Why? 
— Yes, and this mother doesn’t treat her daughter well at all. This daughter doesn’t owe her anything! Why should she forgive someone who stole her child? 
— Suddenly, I feel that it’s too difficult for Tanya. On one side is her mother, and on the other is her daughter. If she writes a letter of forgiveness, what would her daughter think of her when she grows up? 
— I cried. Don’t ask why. I felt more desperate than her mother at the moment. 
“Ahhhh, Tanya’s story is really too heartbreaking. Don’t sign the letter of forgiveness. If she wants to kill herself, let her die! This kind of woman will only be a burden to the world if she lives!” 
— I agree. Let her kill herself. What does it have to do with Tanya? 
… 
At the scene, Jill’s eyes widened when she heard Tanya’s words. She was so angry that her entire body trembled. “Okay, then return it to me now! If my daughter can’t come out, you’ll die with her! Who’s afraid of whom?!”
As soon as she said this, Tanya smiled mockingly. “I’m sorry, but I can’t… I still have a daughter to take care of… and so many people who love me are waiting for me. I can’t choose to die because of you!” 
With that, the reporters erupted in applause. Some even shouted, “Yes, it’s not worth dying for such a person!” 
“That’s right. If there’s a problem, solve it properly. If they did something wrong, they have to bear the legal responsibility. If all the criminals start crying and threatening suicide, would we release them all? If we don’t, it would be murder? What kind of logic is that?!” 
“…” 
Everyone knew what was going on. Jill had taken an unreasonable path. In the beginning, the reporters had been led astray by her. 
But now, everyone was leaning toward Tanya. 
Seeing that the public opinion could no longer be suppressed, Jill immediately exerted force with the knife in her hand and cut a layer of skin! 
Blood instantly flowed down her fair neck. 
“Ahh!” 
When they saw this scene, there were still people who were frightened. After crying out in surprise, they all took a few steps back. Someone even reached out to Jill. “You, don’t be reckless!” 
Jill looked at Tanya fiercely. “Don’t say such nonsense here. No matter what, I’m your mother! Can you really watch your mother die in front of you? You have to compromise!” 
“…”
There was silence again. 
The good situation from earlier had turned around again. 
Nora frowned. 
At this moment, Karl Moore suddenly walked out and toward Jill. 
When she saw him, a complicated look flashed across Tanya’s eyes. 
When Jill saw him, her legs went weak. She stammered and asked, “Don’t think I’m afraid of you. I’m not even afraid of death now. Why would I be afraid of you…” 
Karl Moore definitely could not use a gun in front of so many reporters. 
Jill was certain of this, but she still felt panic when she saw Karl Moore approaching her step by step. “W- What are you doing?” 
Karl Moore smiled and suddenly held her hand. He aimed her dagger at his chest and exerted some force. “Aren’t you looking for someone to die with? Why are you making things difficult for the child? As her father, I have let her down along with you. In that case, why don’t I accompany you?”
###Chapter 452
Jill was stunned. She subconsciously pulled the knife back. 
But Karl Moore pulled hard and stabbed himself in the chest. The tip of the knife pierced his skin and blood flowed out. Jill’s eyelids twitched. 
However, Karl Moore did not seem to feel any pain. His eyes were still filled with anger and determination. “Look, as a father, I didn’t even know that I had a daughter. As a mother, you didn’t treat her well, either. The child doesn’t owe you anything. It’s clearly the two of us who owe the child. Since you want to find someone to die with, then I’ll do it with you! Why make trouble for our daughter? Don’t you agree?” 
He squeezed the knife against his chest again. “Come, use a little strength and it will go in. Then, you will kill yourself. This way, we will be repaying our debt to our daughter!” 
“Lunatic!” Jill watched as the knife stabbed into his chest. She was so frightened that her hands relaxed and she took a few steps back. She shouted angrily, “Lunatics, you’re all lunatics!” 
But Karl Moore held the knife and played with it in his hand. “Aren’t you killing yourself?” 
Jill glared at him. 
Karl Moore said, “Why must you make things difficult for your daughter? Do you have to see her unhappy? Can you stop disturbing your daughter’s life?” 
With just a few words, he changed the topic. 
Jill still wanted to say something, but Karl Moore took a step forward and said, “You regret it again? Then, come, kill me…” 
Jill retreated.
Karl Moore took another step forward. “Are you dying or not? Speak frankly! If you’re not… then get lost!” 
Karl Moore’s expression suddenly darkened. 
Jill had seen how terrifying he was. She was so frightened that her entire body trembled. Then, she ran out. “Lunatics, you’re all lunatics!” 
“…” 
Since the person involved had escaped, the reporters no longer surrounded the Smiths’ house. 
At this moment, Joel stepped forward and said, “It’s not easy for you reporters to come here. How about this? Everyone, come in and have a drink!” 
With that, he gave the butler a look. 
The butler immediately understood something and greeted everyone warmly. 
Who among the reporters did not want to visit a wealthy family like the Smiths? When they heard this, they were very happy. They were welcomed inside by the butler. 
It was time for the butler and reporters to build relations with each other so that the reporters would refrain from spreading rumors. Of course, everything was handled by the butler on his own. 
As the family head, Joel no longer needed to care. 
At that moment, his gaze landed on Tanya and Karl Moore. 
As he expected, Tanya was looking at Karl Moore with a concerned face. 
Actually, he could have stepped in and settled Jill earlier. Joel had plenty of ways to deal with someone as shameless as her.
And anyone present could easily beat her back. 
However, no one made a move and Karl Moore was given the chance. 
Their goal was to help him get closer to Tanya. 
From the looks of it, it had worked. 
After the reporters were settled in, the group returned to the living room of the residential area. 
Tanya’s gaze landed on Karl Moore’s chest. She asked, “Nora, are his injuries serious?” 
Before Nora could say anything, Karl Moore said, “It’s not serious, not serious! It’s just the upper skin. It’s nothing. I don’t even bother to look at such injuries, it’ll heal by itself.” 
His words stunned Tanya. “Do you get hurt often?” 
How could he not be injured after being in the mafia all year round? 
Karl Moore hurriedly shook his head. “Not often. Just occasionally. Occasionally… hehe…” 
He scratched his head and revealed an honest expression. “Tanya… Can I call you by your name?” 
“…” Tanya pursed her lips and said unhappily, “It’s your mouth, I can’t control what you call me.” 
Although her tone was awkward, she agreed. 
Karl Moore was overjoyed. He immediately took out a black card from his pocket in excitement and handed it to Tanya. “Tanya, this, this card is for you… You can buy anything you want! There’s no limit!” 
Tanya: “…”
Karl Moore handed her the car keys in his hand. “Oh, and this. I bought this car when I came back to the country. It’s not very functional, though. Drive this for now. If there’s some other model you like, buy it for yourself…” 
“…” 
“Oh! do you need a house? Can I buy you one?” 
Tanya looked at him and returned the card and keys to him. “There’s no need. I’ll buy them with my own money.” 
Her eyes flickered as she looked elsewhere, but she sighed inwardly. 
To be honest, Tanya had been disliked since she was young and her mother had hated her every minute of the day. She did not know who her father was, she was already used to living alone. 
She could not get used to this newfound father of hers. 
Karl Moore stared at the black card in his hand and looked up at Tanya again. He wanted to say something, but Joel walked in front of him. “Mr. Moore, Tanya is with me and doesn’t lack anything. You don’t have to worry about it for the time being.” 
Karl Moore looked at Joel and finally nodded. “Alright, I’ll take the card back, then.” 
With that, he looked at Tanya. 
His big eyes were filled with desire as if he would be satisfied if Tanya could say just one more word to him. 
Tanya sighed. “You… can leave now.” 
Karl Moore lowered his eyes in disappointment, but he knew that such things could not be forced.
His daughter was already 25 or 26 years old. She was independent and did not need him anymore. 
Although he wanted to give her all the love he had owed for the past twenty years, she could no longer keep it. 
Karl Moore turned his head and walked toward the door. After two steps, he turned back and looked at her reluctantly. 
Tanya: “…” 
She rubbed her forehead and suddenly asked, “If you’re not busy, why don’t you stay for dinner tonight?” 
“Yes, yes, I’m free!” 
Karl Moore turned back and hurriedly sat on the sofa. 
Everyone else: “…” 
Why did the leader of the Assassin Organization look so stupid? 
While looking on the Internet, he seemed quite smart. 
Nora’s lips twitched. She sat at the side and drooped her eyes. She picked up her phone and fiddled with something. When others looked at her, she seemed sleepy again. 
The others sat facing each other, feeling a little awkward. 
Suddenly, Nora’s fingers paused. She looked up at them and frowned. “Tanya, the date of birth on your identity card is wrong, right?” 
Tanya hesitated. “What’s wrong?”
However, Karl Moore said, “It’s indeed wrong. When I left your mother, it was in August. At that time, if she was pregnant, she should have given birth to you in April next year. Why was your identity card showing that you were born in January?” 
Tanya was stunned. “Could it be that my age was changed? I was born four months ahead of time?” 
“That’s even more wrong.” 
Nora looked at her. “You and Hillary are only less than a year apart. If your mother gave birth to you in April, how did she birth to Hillary?” 
After a woman gave birth, it would take at least 40 days before she could get pregnant again! 
“…” 
Tanya was also stunned. “Then, what’s going on?” 
At this moment, Karl Moore frowned. “Is Hillary not her biological daughter?”
###Chapter 453
When Karl Moore was making Tanya’s DNA, he had gotten someone to get Hillary’s DNA from prison as well. 
Hillary was not his daughter. 
That was for sure. 
However, there was something wrong with Tanya and Hillary’s birth dates. One of the two children had to be someone else’s. Otherwise, this did not make sense! 
After all, it was impossible for Jill to have Tanya while pregnant with Hillary! 
However, when Karl Moore said this, everyone shook their heads. “That’s impossible.” 
Jill treated Hillary so well and Tanya so badly. 
As soon as this thought crossed her mind, Nora suddenly looked at Karl Moore. “Are you sure the one who gave birth to your child back then was Jill?” 
Karl Moore was speechless. 
He was stunned and continued to scratch his head. “It’s her. Although we haven’t seen each other for more than twenty years, I can’t possibly mistake her for someone else! Her looks are right there! And her name is also the same. I can’t possibly sleep with someone and not know who she is! Besides, we were dating seriously back then.” 
“That’s strange.” 
Nora raised her almond-shaped eyes and looked at Karl Moore with a faint smile.
Karl Moore frowned. “Speaking of which… this isn’t the strangest thing. Did you guys know? After she told me that Hillary was my daughter, she even gave me an accurate date of birth. I got someone to investigate and saw the birth records in the clinic. However, that child was not Tanya. It was indeed Hillary because the child had a mole on her ear. Furthermore, I later checked the information on Hillary’s identity card and realized that the date of birth was actually fake. In other words, Hillary’s identity card is eight months younger!” 
Everyone was stunned. “April 25th?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Karl Moore frowned. “Tanya is my daughter. She can only be born in April or May. Hillary was also born in April of that year. It can’t be that Jill gave birth to twins where one is mine, and the other isn’t, right? Is that possible?” 
Nora looked at him in a speechless manner. “Logically speaking, there is a chance. It’s just that it’s a very rare occurrence. For example, if she had two eggs that month and slept with…” 
She did not finish her sentence. 
Karl Moore understood and instantly flushed in anger. “In other words, even if I hadn’t left back then, she had still betrayed me?” 
Two children born at the same time could only mean she got pregnant at the same time! 
Jill had slept with him for less than two days, and she was already with that Jones guy? 
This was simply a great humiliation! 
The others around him were speechless. 
Nora suddenly pitied this person who had been cheated on.
However… the probability of getting pregnant with two men’s children at once was very low. Would it really happen to Jill? 
— 
The Joneses. 
Jill returned home in low spirits. 
Mr. Jones was sitting on the sofa watching television. When he saw her appearance, he sneered. “You’re being rebuffed, right? I told you not to go… Karl Moore already knows the truth. Why are you running over?” 
Jill glared at him. “Who asked you to be useless! You can’t even save your own daughter! If it weren’t for our daughter, I wouldn’t have lied to him!” 
Mr. Jones sneered. “It’s fine if you’re lying. I’m just afraid they’ll find out what happened back then!” 
As soon as he said this, Jill’s eyes flashed. She stood up suddenly and gulped. “No, no way?” 
Mr. Jones said, “You told him about the nursing home. We didn’t erase any records in order to convince him! Won’t they suspect anything?” 
Jill bit her lip hard. She was very confident. “So what if they’re suspicious? They will never think of the truth!” 
When Mr. Jones heard this, he did not rebut her. However, he still looked at her deeply and sneered before standing up and walking into the bedroom.
Jill followed behind him. “If Tanya doesn’t help me save my daughter. I won’t let this go!… Why are you so useless? If I were you, I would have saved my daughter even if I had to give up all my assets!” 
Thud! 
Mr. Jones slammed his fist against the wall and looked at Jill. “That’s enough! Hillary is not the only one in the family! The rest of us still have to live! I think Hillary has been spoiled by you since she got to where she is today! She has always been above Tanya in everything since she was young. How would she not be arrogant? Even now, she still doesn’t reflect on herself…” 
He stared at Jill. “I’m begging you. Stop! I still want to live peacefully in old age!” 
With that, he turned and left. 
Jill stared at him and clenched her fists tightly. 
If he wanted to live peacefully in his old age, he could not save her daughter? 
Absolutely not! 
— 
At the Smiths. 
After dinner, Karl Moore had no reason to stay this time. He could only leave reluctantly. Before leaving, he said, “Tanya, I can still…” 
Tanya interrupted him. “I have to work tomorrow.” 
“…” Karl Moore got the hint. “Alright, I understand!” 
After he left, Tanya heaved a sigh of relief.
Nora looked at her. “If someone is treating you well, why are you unhappy?” 
The corners of Tanya’s mouth twitched. “If Uncle Ian was so enthusiastic about you, would you have been able to handle him?” 
Nora: “…” 
She couldn’t help but shudder when she thought about it. 
Fortunately, Ian was more reserved. Otherwise, she would have a headache all the time. 
The two of them took the three children upstairs. Justin stood up and was about to follow when Joel suddenly said, “Mr. Hunt, Nora has woken up. Shouldn’t you be going back?” 
Justin said without blushing or skipping a beat, “We still need to observe her for two days. Also, Cherry and Pete aren’t going back to the Hunts, so….” 
“…” 
The corners of Joel’s lips spasmed. 
At this moment, Justin’s phone suddenly rang. He picked it up and heard a female voice on the other end. “Speaking of which, Justin, my big brother, you haven’t been home for a few days? Don’t you know there’s someone waiting for you at home?” 
Hearing this voice, Justin’s usually light and cold eyebrows furrowed as he reprimanded softly, “Speak properly!” 
“Huh?” The voice was lazy and charming, and there was a hint of seduction in her words. She chuckled softly and said, “I always talk like this. Are you still not used to it?”
Justin: “…When did you return?” 
“When I missed you.” 
“…” 
His expression turned colder. “Call me when you learn how to talk.” 
He hung up. 
At the Hunts’. 
Brenda Hunt stared at the phone and pursed her lips. 
Opposite her, Mrs. Hunt was complaining. “…Did you hear that? He’s so mesmerized by that vixen. He stayed at the Smiths’ with Pete and doesn’t want to come back! I heard that he’s even babysitting that woman’s child! As the head of the Hunts, he not only wants to marry a woman who has given birth to someone else’s child, but he also treats that woman’s daughter as his own. Is that even right?! Pete too, I don’t know what kind of drug that woman has given to my Pete. He’s so good to that woman’s daughter! Every day, he would call her his sister… Brenda, you have the best relationship with your brother. You have to help me persuade him!” 
Brenda fiddled with her nails. “Tsk, they’re just two girls, one big and one small. They want to take hold of my big brother and Pete? I’ll meet that little one first tomorrow.”
###Chapter 454
Hearing this, Mrs. Hunt heaved a sigh of relief. 
After Wendy Hunt left, Mrs. Hunt’s butler asked, “Mrs. Hunt, do you think Miss Wendy can do it? Why do I get the feeling that she doesn’t quite care?” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her head. “How is that possible? Ever since she was young, Wendy has had the best relationship with Justin in this family! Although she doesn’t say it, when has she ever returned to the country without bringing a lot of gifts for Pete? The more casual she acts on the outside, the more she cares inside! Don’t worry, she won’t let her elder brother suffer!” 
The butler heaved a sigh of relief. “It’s really a headache for Mr. Hunt to care so much about that person.” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “Yes. Initially, he just liked her a little, so I let him be. But look at how obsessed he is now. He’s living with Pete in the Smiths! If word gets out, he’ll become a joke!” 
The butler nodded frequently. 
Mrs. Hunt said, “I just want Wendy to take the lead!” 
The butler couldn’t help but say, “Aren’t you afraid that she will defect to the enemy? She has been the most supportive of Mr. Hunt ever since they were young!” 
When Justin was young, he would do everything according to the rules. 
Occasionally, when he was rebellious, Brenda would help him. 
It was just like when he was four years old and wanted to eat snacks with high sugar and oil content. Mrs. Hunt and Mr. Hunt did not agree. 
When the entire family was scared of disobeying them, only Brenda dared to bring him food in secret.
As the only daughter of the Hunts, Brenda was doted on at home. 
When she grew up, she became more and more outrageous. Although Justin always reprimanded her, everyone knew that the two of them had a good relationship! 
Mrs. Hunt smiled. “If it was anyone else, she would definitely support him! But this time, it’s different. Wendy is a perfectionist. In her heart, Pete is her nephew. Then, the woman who gave birth to Pete is the only sister-in-law she will accept!” 
The servant instantly nodded and smiled. “Mrs. Hunt is indeed wise!” 
— 
The next day. 
In the Smiths’ living room. 
Brenda sat there elegantly and looked around. Louis, who lived at home, was entertaining her. “Sister Brenda, you’re finally back!” 
Brenda immediately smiled. “You missed me too?” 
Louis nodded. “Yes, you’re right!” 
Brenda raised her eyebrows and asked charmingly, “Really? How much?” 
Louis: “” 
Brenda glanced at him again. “You’re already an adult, right? Are you still a virgin?” 
Louis: “” 
His face instantly turned red. “S-Sister Brenda…”
Brenda leaned forward slightly and teased him. “You don’t have a girlfriend yet? Why don’t I find you one? What do you think of me?” 
Louis: “!!!” 
He had long known that Brenda was the famous player in the circle, but he did not expect that she would not even let him off! 
He stood up in shock and was about to say something when an icy reprimand came from upstairs. “Speak properly!” 
When Brenda heard this, she immediately sat up straight and looked up. She saw Justin walking down with a cold expression. 
Brenda replied, “Big Brother, I am talking properly!” 
Justin frowned and reprimanded, “You’re a girl. Can’t you be more careful with your words? Also, don’t you have a boyfriend? Why are you still…” 
He glanced at Louis and did not speak. 
Brenda shrugged. “Oh, we just broke up.” 
Justin: “…” 
He took a deep breath and suppressed the gloominess in his heart. He sat down opposite her. “You’re not young anymore. Can’t you look for a serious relationship?” 
Brenda: “…I’m very serious every time!”
“…” 
Justin really couldn’t do anything to this player sister! 
He touched his forehead. Brenda had already leaned over. “Justin, you’re not old, why are you so conservative? And since you’re so conservative, how did you find such a girlfriend?” 
Justin looked at her. “What girlfriend?” 
Brenda was delighted. “I knew it. You’re not serious. You’re just playing with her, right?” 
However, just as she finished speaking, Justin said, “That’s your sister-in-law.” 
Brenda narrowed her eyes and said unhappily, “Sister-in-law?” 
Justin nodded. 
Brenda opened her mouth to say something, but Justin glanced at her warningly. “Be respectful.” 
“…” 
Alright, she swallowed the words that were about to come out of her mouth. 
At this moment, the door upstairs opened again. Pete carried the Mathematical Olympiad textbook downstairs. Just as he went downstairs, Brenda rushed over excitedly and hugged him. “Ah, my dear baby Pete, I missed you so much!” 
Pete’s body froze as he called out seriously, “Aunt Brenda.” 
“Hey!” Brenda looked up. “Why didn’t you come down with Dad?” 
Pete answered seriously, “Oh, because I live in my mom’s house.”
Brenda was speechless. 
She looked at Justin with a head full of question marks, but she saw that Justin was ignoring her. 
She could only look at Pete again. “What about your mommy?” 
Pete: “…Mommy and Little Sister are still sleeping. I was worried my homework would disturb them, so I decided to come downstairs to do it.” 
She was still sleeping… 
This woman and her daughter were really lazy! 
At this moment, the sound of the door opening came from upstairs again. Then, Cherry’s adorable voice could be heard. “Brother, why didn’t you wake me up?”
###Chapter 455
Pete looked at his sister and then at his aunt. He hurriedly threw down the Math Olympiad book. Just as Cherry was about to go downstairs, he rushed up and stopped her. “Cherry, Aunt Brenda is here!” 
Cherry: “?” 
She stuck her head out and was about to look down when Pete stopped her. 
Cherry asked in confusion, “Pete, is she not a good person?” 
Pete was silent for a moment before shaking his head. “That’s not it. The thing is… Aunt Brenda is a little weird. You… should stay away from her.” 
Cherry: “?” 
Brenda, who was listening to the two children talk downstairs, was speechless. 
Why did she feel like she was being despised?! 
She stood up. “Pete, what happened to you? Is that how you talk about me? Come down here!” 
Pete glanced at Cherry and signaled for her to go back inside. Then, he walked downstairs slowly. Just as he went downstairs, he saw Brenda looking at him with a faint smile. “Pete, come.” 
Pete walked in front of her. 
The next moment, Brenda stretched out her demonic claws. “Come, take off your pants. Let me see if you’ve grown up!” 
Pete: “!!!” 
He turned and ran. Brenda wanted to chase after him, but she was stopped by Justin. “Stop.”
Pete ran upstairs and heaved a sigh of relief. He lowered his head and looked at Justin. Indeed, Justin said, “Pete, go in and look after your sister. Tell your mommy and sister not to come down.” 
“Okay, Dad!” 
With that, Pete pushed open the bedroom door and went in. 
Brenda was speechless. 
She raised her eyebrows and looked up. Then, she sat beside Justin and held his arm. “Justin, aren’t you… protecting her too much? I can’t eat her up!” 
Justin felt a little uncomfortable with her being so close to him. Even though he and Brenda were only normal siblings, he still pushed her arm down. “You can’t eat her up.” 
It was good enough that Nora didn’t eat her! 
However, what Justin was worried about was… 
Her little sister might lead Nora astray! 
Brenda liked men and had had boyfriends since kindergarten. She would play with whichever handsome man she could find… Cherry, who had a face complex, might very well turn like her. 
Although Nora had not expressed her fondness for beauty yet, the days would pass. What if she was led astray? 
Justin wanted to fundamentally eliminate this possibility! 
Furthermore, he definitely, definitely, must not let Brenda and Cherry get together. 
Brenda stared at him and narrowed her eyes slightly.
At the mention of that woman, Justin always looked cautious. Knowing her personality, he would not even allow her to see Nora. Brenda snorted and stood up, swaying her waist. “You refuse to let me see her, but I still want to see her. I want to see what kind of stunning beauty could mesmerize my brother! Anyway, I have nothing on in the morning and only have to meet someone at noon. I’ll sit here. I don’t believe that she can sleep until noon?” 
Justin was silent for a moment before he suddenly stood up. “Okay, do whatever you want. I’ll get going first.” 
Brenda: “” 
Justin went upstairs and entered the study in the guest room to work. 
Brenda really sat downstairs and looked at the people coming and going. 
Louis was so frightened that he slipped out. When he passed her, Brenda was still looking at him. “Louis, what are you doing? Are you going on a date?” 
Louis paused in his footsteps. “…I arranged to play games with Chester.” 
“Gaming?” Brenda smiled. “You’re going to meet a girl, right?” 
Louis: “” 
He answered seriously, “Brenda, it’s really gaming!” 
Brenda rested her chin on one hand and nodded with a smile. “I understand. You guys have to be careful. Remember to use protection. Don’t fool around~” 
Louis: “!!!”
He emphasized again. “Brenda, we’re really just playing games!” 
Brenda tilted her head and smiled. “I know. I’m talking about games too. Be ready. Don’t get killed by others.” 
Louis: “…” 
The corners of his lips twitched. “I’m leaving first!” 
There was wind under his feet as if he was afraid that Brenda would say something shocking! 
— 
Brenda sat on the sofa and looked upstairs in boredom. Then, she looked at her watch. It was almost 11 AM. 
Had Nora stayed up all night? 
At this moment, the housekeeper Lucy brought her a fruit platter. Brenda took the opportunity to ask, “Did your Miss Smith stay up late last night?” 
Lucy shook her head in confusion. “No, Miss Nora’s schedule is very strict. Every night at 10 PM, no later than 12 PM, she will definitely sleep! Yesterday, she slept with Master Pete and Miss Cherry at 9 PM.” 
Brenda: “” 
She slept at nine. Why was she still asleep?! 
She must have slept for 14 hours. 
She looked at Louis in confusion. “Is she feeling sick?” 
Perhaps she was sick?
Lucy was unhappy. “Our Miss Nora is very healthy!” 
What was Miss Hunt saying? Although she was quite good-looking and elegant, why was she cursing someone else to be sick?! 
Brenda hesitated for a moment, but her voice was still elegant and charming. “Then she slept for 14 hours. Aren’t you going to take a look?” 
What if she’s fainted in the room?! 
Lucy looked unconcerned. “It’s only been 14 hours. What’s the rush?” 
Miss Nora had slept for more than fifty hours in the past two days. Wasn’t she still energetic? 
Lucy shook her head and looked at Brenda. Brenda looked like she had never seen the world. 
Brenda was speechless. 
She felt like she was in a fantasy world. 
When everyone from the Smiths came down for lunch, Maureen called out to her politely, “Miss Hunts, it’s time to eat.” 
Brenda stood up and looked at the table full of people. She asked, “Aren’t you going to wait for Miss Smith to come along?” 
Maureen: “Oh, she probably wants to sleep for a while more. Let’s eat first! Come on!” 
Brenda was speechless. 
She said in a daze, “There’s no need. I’m meeting someone for lunch. I’ll get going.”
After she left the Smiths, she still felt dizzy. 
The moment Brenda left, there was finally some movement on the bed upstairs. 
Nora opened her eyes in a daze and took out her phone. She saw that there were a few missed calls on her phone. 
They were all from Morris. 
She hesitated for a moment before calling him. Morris picked up quickly. “Miss Smith, our department has formed a special team to investigate the human trial back then. Now, I would like to invite you to be our team’s external forensic doctor. Are you interested?” 
Nora stretched and was about to answer that she was not interested when she heard Morris say, “Don’t you want to know what exactly happened to your mother back then? Also, I have some very important information about you. I wanted to inform you that you’re actually in a lot of danger!” 
These words made Nora narrow her eyes. 
She recalled her mother’s words. “…You have to be mediocre, or your life will be in danger!” 
What kind of danger could she be in?! 
Morris continued, “Of course, if you can join us, I’ll tell you some secrets about the case!” 
When Nora heard this, she lowered her almond-shaped eyes. “Tell me first.” 
“…Alright.”
###Chapter 456
Nora could hear the resignation in his voice, but joining a team, though? First, she would have to see whether the team was good enough or not. 
Otherwise, they could forget about wasting any of her sleeping time. 
She leaned against the headboard with her legs folded and said, “Speak.” 
Morris slowly said, “I have almost found out why your mother fled back then.” 
His one-liner made Nora focus at once. “Why?” 
Morris said coldly, “The organization was conducting human trials back then. We still don’t know what exactly they were researching, but after the boxing champion Abigail’s incident, we heavily suspect it to be a drug that can enhance the human body’s agility and physical strength!” 
To be honest, Nora had suspected as much for a long while now. After all, she had heard from Quentin that Victor was just a nobody gangster two years ago. How could he possibly become a peerless martial arts master in just two years’ time? 
He must have taken some kind of drug that could enhance his physique. 
However, once produced, such drugs would surely be mass-manufactured, right? It wasn’t like it was poison, so why were they being so mysterious about it? 
Perhaps because he could hear the doubt in her voice, Morris gave her the answer. “Victor suddenly went crazy in the cell.” 
Surprised, Nora asked, “You mean…” 
“That’s right.” Morris nodded. “The drug has huge side effects that affect a person’s nervous system. That’s why the drug has been a prohibited substance all this time.”
Nora cast her eyes down and asked, “So, what does this have to do with my mother?” 
Morris took a deep breath. “Do you know how we found out about the drug research organization’s existence?” 
He wasn’t really counting on Nora to answer, so he went on and said, “We encountered a similar case many years ago. Some people took drugs that can strengthen their bodies, and then… they suddenly died. We extracted the chemical components in their blood at that time. Together with the chemical components in Victor’s body this time, we can conclude that they have indeed been researching the same drug all this time, but have never succeeded. Don’t you find it strange, though? They have been studying the drug for more than twenty years, yet the chemical composition hasn’t changed much. It was just a matter of how much of each chemical they used in the formula. Are they really so certain that the formula is correct?” 
Nora shook her head. “No, they won’t do that.” 
She also made medicines herself, so she understood the underlying issues very well. 
If one had theories about a drug, they would definitely test it out and adjust its content. However, if they didn’t succeed even after many attempts, they would give up. 
But why were they being so persistent? 
Unless… 
Nora clenched her fists and slowly said, “Someone has succeeded with that formula before.” 
Morris was glad to see how keen Nora’s senses were. He nodded and said, “That’s right, someone has successfully used that formula before. That’s why they kept trying and persevered with the formula! As far as I know, the success of that formula is related to your mother!”
Nora slowly sat upright. “You mean…” 
Morris’ calm and steady voice traveled over the phone again. “I’ve looked into your mother’s life history. When she was a teenager, she went to Switzerland for pharmaceutical studies. I suspect that she had joined the organization at that time!” 
Nora was stunned. 
To be honest, even as of now, she held disgust for the organization. Human experiments had simply crossed moral boundaries. 
She had guessed before that perhaps the organization was looking for something in her mother’s possession, causing her to flee from their murderous pursuit. The organization must think that the they were after was now in her possession. That was why they were pursuing her so relentlessly. 
However, never would she have ever expected her mother to be part of the organization. 
She said a little coldly, “Are these your conjectures, or do you have evidence?” 
Morris’s voice deepened a little. He replied, “It’s conjecture, but we found records of monetary transfers from unknown sources in her bank records. Additionally, when my mother was investigating the case back then, your mother was a crucial figure involved.” 
Nora fell silent. 
Her heart, however, was gradually sinking. 
Her mother… To be honest, she had never felt much for her all along. After all, even in the oldest memories she had, her mother was already gone. Nevertheless, she had always felt that her mother was a good person.
Morris was very reliable. Since he had said so, then he was more or less already certain that her mother had indeed been part of the human trials project back then. 
In fact… Going by her talent in pharmaceuticals, even Nora herself suspected that her mother must have held a high position in the organization. 
She stayed silent for a long while. 
She didn’t know whether or not she should agree to Morris’s request. 
In the midst of her hesitance, Morris said, “It is said that there remains a pill of the successfully developed drug somewhere in the world. Since the drug can make Victor a new man in two years, do you think Quentin’s injuries… would be curable?” 
His words made Nora abruptly raise her head. 
All the bones in Quentin’s body were broken. Even though there was an alternative medicine legend that was said to be able to cure his injuries, even she herself couldn’t be sure of it at the moment. 
When she thought of that, her voice became firm. “I can join the team, but I have two conditions.” 
“Speak.” 
“If we find the drug, even if you can’t give it to me, you have to give me the formula.” 
“No problem. What about the second condition?” 
“Oh,” Nora said casually, “Don’t disturb me when I’m sleeping.” 
“…”
Morris seemingly took a deep breath. “No problem. By the way, Captain Brenda, who was stationed overseas, has returned today. Let’s take the opportunity to have the members of the team meet and discuss our plans. Make a trip down here, I’ll send you the address.” 
“Yeah.” 
— 
Brenda drove her red Porsche to a French restaurant. She opened the door, walked in, and headed straight to a person sitting in the corner. “Hello, Captain Ford,” she said. 
Morris stood up straight and stretched out his hand to her seriously. “Welcome back, Captain Brenda.” 
The two shook hands. After taking their seats, Morris was the first to speak. He said, “We have found some information about that mysterious organization from back then, so we have set up a team to deal with the case. It is an honor to have Captain Brenda back to help us out.” 
Brenda propped her chin in her hands and asked, “Let’s not worry about that for now. I have a question for you, Captain Ford.” 
Morris sat up straight. “Go ahead.” 
Brenda could be said to be an Interpol officer. Did she perhaps have information related to the case? 
The thought had only just formed when he instead heard Brenda unhurriedly ask, “Do you have a girlfriend, Captain Ford?” 
Morris: “?” 
He pressed his lips together and lowered his gaze. “Captain Brenda, our meet today extends only to issues related to the case. In addition to you, me, and a few other detectives on the team, I also intend to hire a forensic doctor. What do you say, Captain Brenda?”
Brenda continued to rest her chin on her hands. “An external forensic doctor? Is it a he or a she? And are they good-looking?”
###Chapter 457
Morris: “” 
Shouldn’t she be asking for the other party’s name and occupation first? Why was the first thing she was concerned about instead whether they were good-looking or not?! 
He lowered his eyes. “Captain Brenda, I’m talking business here!” 
Brenda waved dismissively. “Hey, so am I. Understanding your teammates is also a key to a successful team, isn’t it? Besides, I have an allergy, so my requirements for who I work with are rather high.” 
Morris was taken aback. “What kind of allergy?” 
Brenda sighed. “I am allergic to ugly people.” 
“…” 
Morris’s jaw tightened. The woman looked at him pitifully and said, “Really, I’m not kidding.” 
“…” 
Morris stared at her for a while with a cold look on his face. But shortly after, he gave in and said, “It’s a woman…” 
He thought of Nora’s delicate little face and her constantly half-lidded eyes, as well as her almond- shaped eyes when she occasionally raised her head and looked at someone attentively, and he slowly added, “She’s pretty.” 
Brenda stared at him and suddenly smiled. “Okay, got it.” 
Morris took a deep breath and started talking about Nora’s occupation. “She is a surgeon. Her name is Nora Smith.”
Brenda’s lazy eyes instantly flicked upward. She was a little dumbfounded. “What?” 
Wasn’t that Justin’s lazy girlfriend who only knew to sleep in all day? 
— 
After Nora got up and ate something, she slowly headed to the address that Morris had sent her. 
It was a French restaurant. 
The restaurant had very distinctive interior decor, and it was obvious at a glance that it was a very expensive restaurant. 
She casually pushed the door open. Right away, she spotted Morris, who was seated at the quietest spot in the corner directly opposite the door. 
Dressed in a black suit, he exuded an upright aura all around him. 
When Nora walked over, she discovered that a woman was sitting opposite him. 
The woman looked about 24 to 25 years old. She had large wavy curls and was wearing a tight-fitting black dress. Her posture was casual and lazy, and she had a pair of deep-set eyes that looked very bewitching and also… somewhat familiar. 
She also had an impressive figure. Her chest was full and bulging. It was obvious at a glance that hers were the real deal… 
Also, even though she was seated, Nora could still see one of her outstretched legs. Long, fair, and slender, it looked so tender that it made one wish they could pinch it. 
Tanya’s face was also very attractive, but hers was a different type of beauty. Tanya’s beauty was very aggressive, and her big eyes looked a little exotic.
They hadn’t been aware previously, but they now knew that her father was Karl. Since Karl’s parents were of mixed ethnicities, this meant that a quarter of Tanya’s blood was also of another ethnicity. That explained everything. 
However, this wasn’t the case for the woman in front of her. She was likely not of mixed race. It was just that she was good-looking and knew how to dress up. On top of that, she also knew how to exhibit the most beautiful side of a woman, so she looked exceptionally… like the female version of a scumbag. 
Ahem. 
Nora felt that it wasn’t quite right of her to think of a woman like that, so she looked away. As soon as she did, she sensed the woman staring at her. 
Brenda knew that Nora must be very pretty, but she hadn’t expected her to be this pretty. 
Nora was a standard American beauty. She had an oval face, a defined nose, full lips, and almond- shaped eyes… Her face should have looked extremely gentle and very charming, but because of her lazy and casual demeanor, her slightly downcast eyes, and the careless and casual air around her, she gave people the illusion that she was a cold and frosty person instead. 
Yet the contrast didn’t seem out of place on her at all. Instead, it gave her a mysterious aura that attracted people’s gazes. 
No wonder Justin was so infatuated with her. She sure was really good-looking. 
Brenda looked away. 
Morris introduced the two of them to each other. Then, he said, “Our team’s focus is to investigate the incident from all those years ago. Captain Brenda and I will be in charge of the usual arresting and
collection of evidence, but once we catch the suspects, we may have to trouble Ms. Smith to do the relevant medical analyses.” 
“It’s no trouble.” 
Nora couldn’t help but yawn. “Feel free to come to me anytime then.” 
Morris nodded. “We will pass you the samples and so on that we collect. I’ve heard that Anti’s medical team is the most professional one in the world. I’m sure you guys will be able to find out more from the analyses than we can. Also, we will also be handing Victor over to you for medical treatment.” 
Nora nodded. “No problem.” 
Lily would be the one handling all these things anyway. She was already busy taking care of Quentin, Ian, and Old Maddy every day. An extra Victor shouldn’t be any problem to her. 
Nora, the unscrupulous businesswoman, thought to herself without any psychological burden whatsoever. 
Morris had asked the two of them out today to let them meet each other. Now that they have met, he said, “Then… I guess that’s it for today?” 
Nora nodded. She didn’t have any ions. 
Brenda, however, subconsciously felt the urge to quip back at him. She said, “Tsk, Captain Ford, I came all the way here on an empty stomach just to meet you, yet you aren’t even treating me to lunch?” 
Morris: “?” 
He glanced at Nora. After musing for a moment, he finally said, “I’ll treat you two to lunch, then.”
Brenda was about to nod when Nora got up. “No, it’s fine. I have already eaten, so I will leave first.” 
Although she didn’t have a lot to do, she, unfortunately, had too many identities! 
With every identity of hers having a little work each, she was already up to her neck in work. How would she possibly have the time to enjoy French cuisine here? 
She got up and said, “Enjoy your lunch.” 
Just as she turned and got ready to leave, Brenda also suddenly got up. She said, “I’ll pass on lunch too, then. Don’t forget that you owe me a meal, Captain Ford. Let’s have lunch together another day.” 
After teasing Morris, she followed closely after Nora. “Ms. Smith, since we are already teammates, why don’t you invite me over to your place to hang out?” 
Nora: “?” 
The woman looked quite likable and wasn’t the type of person she disliked. Besides, for some reason, her eyes also gave her a good impression of her. 
Therefore, she nodded after thinking about it. “Alright.” 
Nora had driven to the restaurant in her jeep. Brenda abandoned her own car and got straight into the jeep’s passenger seat. “Let’s go!” she said. 
The way she acted so familiar with her… 
However, Nora still didn’t think much of it. She started the car and went back to the Smiths’ with Brenda. 
After entering the house, Brenda looked up and said, “Hey mate, since I’m already here, why don’t you let me meet your daughter?”
Nora: “” 
Pete and Mia had gone to the kindergarten. Cherry was home, though. 
But why was she suddenly asking to meet her daughter? 
After a moment’s hesitation, she replied, “Okay.” 
She went to the upper floor to bring Cherry down. Meanwhile, Brenda raised her eyebrows. 
She was simply going to meet the person that Justin hadn’t wanted to let her meet!! 
In the midst of her thoughts, an adorable voice rang out from the upper floor. “Mommy, who are you taking me to?”
###Chapter 458
Chapter 458 Aunt Brenda, I’m Cherry! 
Brenda immediately lifted her head and looked curiously at the corridor. 
Since Nora was so pretty that she couldn’t make herself dislike her, she should at least dislike that little extra baggage she had, right? Otherwise, Justin would be at too big of a disadvantage. 
After all, Pete was so cute and quirky! 
Unless the little girl was even prettier than Pete, why should Justin have to take care of an extra daughter for no reason? While Brenda was feeling indignant on Justin’s behalf, she spotted a tiny little figure walking over from the spiral staircase. She was wearing a beautiful princess dress with a fluffy skirt, as well as a headband with a bow on her head. The little girl looked awfully adorable. 
Brenda had noticed her clothes first. Then, her gaze traveled upward to the girl’s tiny face, upon which a familiar face instantly entered her sight! 
Brenda was stunned to the spot! 
She… She… 
Wasn’t that goddamn Pete? 
Stunned, she looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Nora pointed to her and said to Cherry, “It’s this big sister here. She’s Mommy’s… colleague.” 
She finally came up with the term after thinking for a long while.
However, after she spoke, she realized that Cherry didn’t greet Brenda. When she turned and looked at Cherry with puzzlement, she instead saw Cherry exclaim, “Aunt Brenda?” 
She had seen Brenda downstairs in the morning, but by the time Brenda looked up, Pete had already rushed over and stopped her. 
That was how she knew that Brenda was her aunt! 
“Aunt Brenda?” 
Nora, who was a little taken aback, looked at Brenda. A moment later, Lucy, the housekeeper, also walked over and said in surprise, “Ms. Hunt, are you here for Mr. Hunt again? He has something to do at the office in the afternoon, so he isn’t here right now.” 
Nora understood now. No wonder Brenda’s eyes had looked a little familiar. As it turned out, it was because they resembled Justin’s! 
Moreover, her last name was Hunt… She must be the cousin that Justin got along with relatively well, right? 
While she was thinking about it, Brenda’s brows drew together. She pointed to Cherry and said to Nora, “Don’t move!” 
She took out her cell phone and took a photo of Cherry. While taking the photo, she even turned on the camera’s beauty mode and said to Cherry, “Say cheese.” Cherry smiled and even made a victory sign. 
After Brenda looked for a good angle and took a beautiful photo, she finally stood up straight and asked Nora, “Does Justin know that you’re dressing the kid like this?” 
Nora: “?” 
She blinked. “Probably?”
‘Probably’? 
Brenda pretended to be angry. “Are you actually making the kid wear a dress while Justin is out? You’re too much! I’m going to send the photo to Justin!” 
She opened Messenger and sent the photo to Justin with the message: “Justin, look at your child! It’s your little girlfriend’s handiwork-“ 
Nora said, “… He knows.” 
He was the one who had bought all the dresses. 
Brenda, however, was looking at the photo happily. At the same time, she was also secretly whining inwardly, ‘Tsk, Pete is such an unparalleled beauty. Why does he have to be a boy instead? I’ve always wanted to dress him up like a girl and take photos of him, but Justin never agreed to it… Look at how good Pete looks in a dress! 
Little did she expect Nora to succeed at what she had failed, though. 
But despite her thoughts, she adopted a disdainful attitude on the surface. She said to cherry, “You’ve fallen so low, kid! Justin, that stick-in-the-mud, definitely won’t be able to accept this!” 
She waited happily for Justin to get angry. 
However, perhaps because Justin was busy, he did not reply immediately. Of course, even when he was not busy, he couldn’t be bothered to reply to her messages, either, ahem. 
Brenda looked at Nora after she sent the message. 
The woman was certainly pretty, but her behavior was too ridiculous!
To think Nora had actually accomplished what Brenda had always wanted to do but couldn’t! 
This alone already made Brenda a little fond of Nora. 
No, wait… 
This was a critical moment! She mustn’t let her love for beauty cloud her senses! 
With that in mind, Brenda sat on the sofa coldly and said, “Come over to Aunt Brenda!” 
Cherry looked at Nora. However, Nora merely raised her eyebrows. She didn’t pay her any attention and instead went upstairs. Thus, she hopped over and sat beside her miraculous aunt. 
Beep. 
A text message had arrived. 
Brenda took out her cell phone. However, it was not a reply from Justin but a message from a handsome guy she had just met. He wrote: ‘Dinner tonight?’ 
Brenda replied: ‘Sure.’ 
She had only just replied when another handsome guy sent her a message: “Let’s have dinner tonight.” 
Brenda: “?” 
She looked at the first guy, and then at the second. She became a little hesitant. With her chin resting on her palm, she asked Cherry, “Which one is more handsome?” 
However, she paused for a moment after she asked the question, finding herself simply ridiculous. What was she asking a child something like that for?
As soon as the thought formed, an adorable voice rang out beside her ear. “I think this guy is more handsome, Aunt Brenda! Although I like the other one too, his nose is not good enough!” 
Brenda subconsciously agreed. “You think so too? I’ve already thought so a long time ago! The other guy is not the most handsome one either, though. I found quite a few young handsome guys recently. C’mon, I’ll show one you-“ 
Cherry nodded and leaned over. Shortly after, a weird conversation took place in the living room: 
“Aunt Brenda, this guy is handsome! I would rank him as number one!” 
“Which part of him is handsome? I think he’s too young and not masculine enough. I like this one. He has muscles.” 
“Muscles don’t look good! I prefer exquisite-looking guys!” 
“… My goodness, you actually know what exquisite means? How about this? Aunt Brenda will gather all the handsome guys and let you pick one next time!” 
But as soon as she said that, she suddenly realized something. She turned toward Cherry abruptly to see the little girl staring at her phone with bright and shiny eyes. 
Brenda: “” 
Surely… not? 
Not only had Nora dressed Pete up like a girl, but she had also changed his sexual orientation? 
Was she doing this so that he wouldn’t be able to have a son in the future, thereby preventing him from inheriting the family’s assets? This was unacceptable!!
There was no way Cherry would know what she was thinking, though. She said excitedly, “When are you gonna bring them over, Aunt Brenda?” 
Brenda’s expression turned cold. “I can’t show you the handsome guys anymore. Pete, You shouldn’t be liking handsome guys but beautiful women instead! Beautiful women like Aunt Brenda!” 
Cherry was dumbfounded. Was she forbidding her from looking at handsome guys? 
No, she couldn’t have that! 
Thus, she put her arms around Brenda and said cutely, “Aunt Brenda, I’m not Pete! I’m Cherry, yeah!” 
Brenda: “?” 
She silently placed her palm over Cherry’s forehead. “It’s not like you have a fever, what nonsense are you talking about?”. Right at this moment, Pete came back from school with a school bag on his back. He held Mia’s hand and entered the living room. Brenda was flabbergasted when she saw him. Then, she turned to look at Cherry again!!!
###Chapter 459
Chapter 459 Aunt And Niece Sharing The Same Interests 
Brenda’s eyes widened in astonishment. She rubbed her eyes in disbelief and muttered, “Huh? Am I seeing things?” 
But even when she opened her eyes again, Cherry and Pete were still standing together in front of her. 
She was a little overwhelmed for a while there. “There are two… two Petes?” 
Cherry let out a small sigh. “Aunt Brenda, I already told you, I’m not Pete! I am Cherry! Cherry Smith!” 
Cherry Smith… Wasn’t that the extra baggage that Nora was about to bring into the Hunts? 
But why would she look exactly like Pete? 
Brenda was still in a daze underneath the crystal chandelier in the Smiths’ manor. Pete had already let go of Mia and ran over in front of Cherry. He grabbed the dazed Cherry and protected her behind him. “What are you doing to my little sister, Aunt Brenda?” 
Brenda: “?” 
She blinked. At last, she figured it out. “You and Cherry are… twins? In that case, Nora is your mommy?” 
Pete frowned and looked at her as though she was mentally disabled. “Of course. Haven’t I been calling her Mommy all day long?” 
To Pete, the woman he called Mommy was the woman who had given birth to him. He was completely unaware of the concept of stepmothers. Brenda: “…”
She looked at Cherry again. Suddenly, she gave her a charming smile and said, “Hahahaha! I have a little niece too now! Cherry, right? Come on, I still have several handsome guys here that I haven’t shared with you!” 
Cherry stepped forward to walk towards Brenda. However, Pete held her hand and said, “Cherry, didn’t Daddy already tell you to stay away from Aunt Brenda? She will lead you astray!” 
Brenda: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she couldn’t help but look at Pete. “What are you saying?” 
Cherry also piped up. “But I find Aunt Brenda very nice!” 
“… Which part of her is nice?” Pete said. 
They had only just met and probably hadn’t even managed to talk much, yet she already found her ‘very nice’? 
Cherry said, “… Aunt Brenda discusses handsome guys with me! She also promised that she would take me to look at handsome 
guys!” 
Pete: “…” 
Cherry went around Pete and walked up to Brenda. The two of them put their heads together and started to chat excitedly again. 
Pete sighed silently when he saw it. 
At this point, Mia came up to him and asked, “What’s the matter, Pete?”
Pete sighed silently and said, “It’s nothing, Mia. Remember to stay away Aunt Brenda. Don’t let her lead you astray!” 
Mia immediately nodded. “Okay! Everything that Pete says is correct! I will listen to you!” 
Pete looked at the well-behaved and sensible Mia, and then at Cherry, who was already talking about handsome guys with her aunt. He took out his cell phone, opened up the chat with the tyrant, and sent him a message: ‘Daddy, Cherry and Aunt Brenda have already become fast friends.’ 
Sure enough, Justin called Brenda the very next moment! 
The ringtone started to play. 
Cherry’s puzzled voice rang out. “Aunt Brenda, who’s Stick-in-the-Mud?” 
Brenda rejected the call and replied with a big smile, “We don’t have to pay any attention to him!” 
Who else could it be? 
The guy who was always trying to convince her not to be the queen of scumbags, of course! 
For Justin to call at a time like this, he was definitely planning to threaten her into staying away from Cherry, so why would she ever pick up the call? 
After Brenda spent over an hour with Cherry, Nora finally went downstairs after settling work matters. 
As soon as she did, she discovered that Brenda’s attitude towards her had undergone a complete reversal. She made eyes at Nora and asked, “Nora, you were already in a relationship with Justin six years ago, weren’t 
you?”
“… I suppose,” replied Nora. 
Although she didn’t have any impression of him, nor had she ever met him back then, the two of them had produced children with each other. 
The next moment, Brenda sighed and said, “My heart goes out to you, Nora.” Nora: “?” 
Brenda held Cherry in her arms. As the two of them continued looking at the phone, she said, “The two of us can openly admire handsome guys, but you are bound by marriage to Justin instead! What else can women look forward to in life once they can’t change boyfriends anymore?” 
Nora: “…” 
“Forget it. Now that I’ve abducted Cherry, Justin is already close to his limit. If I abduct you too, he will probably explode.” 
Brenda tilted her head and winked at Nora. “But since you are my sister-in-law, I can help you out at work.” 
Nora: “” 
Brenda said, “Morris is a workaholic and a cold and ruthless machine. He has very demanding work requirements. Since he has hired you as the team’s forensic doctor, he will definitely be very strict with you in the future. Don’t worry, though, because I’m here! Leave it to me!” 
Was Morris very strict? 
Apart from the other time where he had forbidden her from leaving her cell, he had been very nice to her otherwise. Even when she went to take revenge and killed someone in the martial arts tournament the other time, he had pretended not to see anything and hadn’t made things difficult for her.
Nora couldn’t be bothered to explain anything, though, so she replied, “… Oh, okay.” 
The next moment, Brenda’s expression suddenly turned solemn and she said seriously, “Nora, the organization we’re dealing with is very petty, though. Once they catch wind of the fact that you are also in the team, they may come after you.” 
She lowered her head and smiled. “I came back to the States because I found some clues. My informant told me that someone from that organization has returned to the States.” 
Nora nodded when she heard this. She asked, “How are we going to find them?” 
“Why would we look for them?”. 
Brenda waved in a practiced manner. She rested her chin on both hands and blinked at Nora. “Considering how pretty the two of us are, they will definitely take the initiative to come to us.” 
Nora: “?” 
Seeing how puzzled she looked, Brenda smiled and said, “Never mind, I won’t tease you anymore. Given how many people there are going in and out the country every day, we definitely won’t have any clue as to who the person from the organization is. Therefore, what we should do now, is wait. We’ll wait for him to slip up himself. Since he has returned to the country, surely he didn’t come back just for a vacation, right?” 
Only then did Nora understand what she meant. 
The other party would surely be up to something, and once they took action, they would surely leave behind traces of their activity. She nodded. 
Brenda was indeed well-deserving of her position as a captain. Even though she looked delicate, beautiful, and scumbag-like, she was very experienced in these things!
It was just that… she couldn’t help but wonder which direction they would choose to take action from? 
For some reason, Nora had a vague feeling that they would choose to target her. 
But the people around her… The Smiths were already under protection now. The Andersons were also under the Smiths’ and the Hunts’ protection. As for the Hunts, they had even more watertight security. It seemed like the only opening they could target was… Tanya? 
Nora immediately looked at Pete and Mia. “Pete, Mia. Where is Tanya?” 
Pete replied, “God-mom was held back by Mrs. Jones after school. She said that she wanted to talk to her, so they told us to go home first.” 
Mrs. Jones… Jill?! 
Why was she approaching Tanya again?! 
Nora frowned. 
Tanya was stopped by Jill the moment she stepped out of school. 
She frowned and looked at the woman. 
Jill said, “Let’s talk.” 
Tanya replied, “We have nothing to talk about.” 
Jill suddenly said, “Don’t you want to know why I’ve always treated you badly? Don’t you want to know how you were born?”
###Chapter 460
Chapter 460 I’m Your Mother 
Her words hit Tanya’s weak spot. 
She kept quiet for a while before she finally said, “Okay.” 
Jill said, “Let’s go to the cafe over there.” 
Opposite the Golden Sunshine Kindergarten was a relatively empty and luxuriously-decorated cafe. It was opened for parents who came to the kindergarten to pick up their children. 
It was a very high-end cafe, and the menu was expensive. 
After Tanya and Jill entered the cafe, Jill said, “Two cappuccinos please, thank you.” 
The service staff nodded. He was about to leave when Tanya said, “Change mine to a latte.” 
After speaking, she looked at Jill and said, “Cappuccinos are too bitter.” 
Jill frowned. “Hillary loves cappuccinos the most because it’s good for diet… Forget it, you can drink whatever you want.” 
… Tanya did not say anything. 
Jill even knew what kind of drinks Hillary liked, yet she never knew what she liked. 
She lowered her head. Too lazy to waste any more time with her, she said straightforwardly, “So, what exactly do you want to say? Is there any problem with how I was born?” “Of course.” 
After Jill replied, the service staff served them their coffees. He placed them on the table.
Jill picked up the cappuccino and stirred it with a spoon. She slowly said, “I presume you’re already aware? You and Hillary were not born a year apart. The two of you were born on the same day. In fact, Hillary was born an hour earlier than you.” Tanya clenched her fists when she heard this. 
When she was still young and ignorant in her childhood, she had fought with Hillary for her mother’s love. However, Jill had always said, “She’s your younger sister! You have to give in to her!” 
“If you don’t give in to your younger sister, I will beat you up!” 
“What are you fighting with your younger sister for? She is the eldest daughter of the Joneses while you are nothing!” 
Hillary had troubled her a lot just because she was younger than her… 
Who would have thought that age actually wasn’t the issue at all in the end? 
Tanya clenched her fists. “And then?” 
Jill didn’t feel that what she was saying was in any way embarrassing or shameful. She merely spoke as if she was just narrating a story from the past. “When I was still with your dad, he was very unreliable. He often disappeared for long periods. Even after dating him for two months, I still didn’t even know what he was really doing for a living. All I knew was that he was always fighting and never behaved decently. I had no future with him.” 
Tanya clenched her fists. “Then why did you give birth to me?!” 
Jill raised her head and glanced at her. Then, she lowered her eyes and slowly replied, “Do you think I wanted to? I thought you were Jo…” 
She suddenly paused and calmed herself down. Then, she said, “I thought you were also the Joneses’ child… When I was pregnant, even after computing the timeline, I still couldn’t tell if you were Karl’s or
Hillary’s father’s child. But did you know? My social status was not good enough back then. If I wanted to marry into the Joneses, then I could only do so by having their child. Therefore, I steeled my heart and kept the child.” 
Her lips curled into a smile. “But in the end, when I did a DNA comparison after you two were born, I instead discovered that you were not his daughter. I realized Karl must be your father.” 
She stared at Tanya. “Because of this, Hillary’s father flew into a rage and we almost broke off the engagement… Although he still married me later, my position in the Joneses was still very awkward! All of this was because of you!” 
Tanya clenched her fists. “So, that’s why you hate me so much?” 
Jill nodded. “That’s right. This is the truth behind what happened back then. Hillary elevated my status and allowed me to marry into the Joneses, whereas your existence brought shame to me! Do you think I could have still liked you?”. 
Tanya took a deep breath. 
She suddenly understood why Jill treated her two daughters so differently. 
She had always wondered why Jill had given birth to her if she didn’t love her father or her. 
Now, she finally knew the truth. 
She lowered her eyes and slowly asked, “Why are suddenly telling me all of this now? Are you trying to make me feel guilty?” 
She sneered, “Because that’s not going to happen.”
Jill, however, shook her head. “No, I don’t need you to feel guilty about it. I know you are innocent, but this is the truth. Whether you feel guilty about it or not, this is the truth. It is also a fact that, because of you, I was unable to hold my head up high in the Joneses for so many years! I came to you this time because I want to make peace with you.” 
Tanya was taken aback. “Make peace?” 
“Yes. I’ll let you off while you also let me off… We go our own separate ways in the future. How does that sound?” 
Tanya looked at the person in front of her. 
She was very calm, and her thoughts were also very clear. Her words made Tanya feel as if her heart had turned cold. 
Tanya said, “I have nothing to do with you in the first place.” 
Jill kept quiet for a while before she finally said, “You still have to promise me something.” 
Tanya knew that the highlight of the show was finally here. 
Despite all the things that Jill said thus far, she was but just appealing to her emotionally. 
The condition was what she truly wanted. 
She said, “There is no way I’ll ever write a letter of forgiveness. Not in this lifetime, not in the next.” 
Her words made Jill’s eyes flash with hatred. However, she quickly suppressed it and said, “I know you are heartless and don’t care whether Hillary lives or dies! So, I’m not here for that.” 
“Then?” 
Jill lowered her head. “It’s for my own sake.” 
Tanya was taken aback. 
Jill said, “Because of Hillary’s incident, I am close to having no place in the Joneses anymore! That’s why I have to reconcile with you. You are at least Joel’s girlfriend now, so you will be able to keep me safe and worry-free in the Joneses.” 
Tanya: “?” 
Seeing that she was about to speak, Jill cut her off at once and said, “No matter what happens, I am the one who gave life to you. The fact that I am your mother will never change. Because of you, for so many years, I wasn’t able to enjoy life for even a day at the Joneses. Now that you have finally become distinguished, why don’t you let me ride off your coattails a little? If not… With a daughter like Hillary, the Joneses are already in talks about having your Uncle Jones divorce me.” 
“I signed a prenuptial agreement when I married into the Joneses back then, so I can’t take even a penny with me after the divorce. If life really becomes hard for me, I would have to trouble you in the end.” 
Tanya: “…” 
For a while, she actually found herself at a loss as to what to say. 
Jill got up and said aggressively, “I know you have someone spoiling you and loving you now, so you are not afraid of anything. But I am your mother, the ties between the two of us will never be severed. You cannot refuse me, can you?”
###Chapter 461
Chapter 461 The Mastermind!! 
Jill’s calm words were different from the threats and promises she had made at the door. 
She even chuckled softly. “It’s like what you said at the Smiths’ house back then. You wish you could return your body to me… I don’t want your bones or blood. I just want you to make peace with me.” Tanya looked at her. She was a little puzzled and confused. 
– 
When Tanya returned to the Smiths, Joel and Nora were already waiting for her on the sofa. When they saw her, they immediately asked nervously, “What did you talk about? Did she threaten you again?” 
“No.” 
Tanya sat on the sofa and repeated Jill’s words. 
She did not hide anything because of Jill’s words. She knew that things were not as simple as she had thought. 
After hearing her words, Nora asked, “Did you reject her?” 
Based on Tanya’s personality, she would definitely reject her. 
She was never one to be afraid of threats. 
Tanya shook her head. “Not yet. I said that I wanted to think about it. I wanted to ask Joel for his opinion, and she agreed.” 
Nora was stunned. “Why would you suddenly say that?”
Tanya hesitated for a moment. “I don’t know if I’m being paranoid. I keep feeling that something is wrong.” 
Nora and Joel looked at her. Nora sensed something and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Tanya sat on the sofa and continued, “Ever since I was young, Jill loved Hillary the most. I remember one time when Hillary was sick, she stayed at the hospital all night. Later, even when she fell ill herself, she still went to see Hillary.” 
“She definitely has a deep mother-daughter relationship with Hillary. I even felt jealous back then…” 
Tanya frowned. “I was really stunned when she suddenly came to say those words to me very calmly today. I never expected that she would give up on Hillary!” 
How could a woman who loved her daughter more than her own life give up on her in just two days? 
OV 
What Jill had said today made sense. It was the obvious choice for an absolute selfish person. However, when this matter was placed on Jill, who was an extremely biased mother, there was something strange about it. 
At the very least, Tanya would not believe it! 
Joel frowned. “Perhaps Hillary would be safer in prison if you reconcile with Jill?” 
Tanya was puzzled. “Perhaps?” 
But she still felt that something was wrong. 
Nora suddenly said, “Promise her and see what she plans to do next!”
Tanya: “?” 
Joel glanced at Nora and said, “Yes, do according to what Nora says.” 
Tanya nodded. “Alright, I’ll call her back.” 
She took out her phone in front of Nora and Joel and called Jill. The other party picked up quickly. Jill’s voice had a hint of nervousness that could not be detected. “Have you thought it through? How was your discussion with Mr. Smith?” 
Nora glanced at Tanya, and Tanya understood what she meant. She replied unhappily, “We’ve discussed it. Joel agreed. From now on, tell everyone that we’ve reconciled, alright? The Smiths don’t want a troublesome person like you to keep bothering them forever.” 
Jill agreed. “Okay, that’s it. I’m hanging up.” 
After hanging up, Tanya looked at Nora and spread her hands. 
Nora frowned. 
The reason she had asked Tanya to suddenly agree to Jill’s request was that she remembered what Brenda had said that afternoon. 
She had to pay attention to the abnormality around her. 
But why would Jill be trying to make peace? 
Nora said calmly, “Wait a while more. I think she will definitely call again.” 
Half an hour later, just as Nora was suspecting that her judgment was wrong, Jill called.
Nora immediately sat up straight and motioned for Tanya to answer the call. 
Jill’s faint cries could be heard over the phone. “Tanya, your Uncle Jones didn’t believe that we had reconciled. He even beat me up…” 
Tanya’s expression did not change at all. “So?” 
Jill answered carefully, “So, can you help me explain to him?” 
Tanya did not speak, but she let out a mocking laugh. 
After a moment of silence, Jill said, “I know you might not want to come over. It’s okay. I have another way to show the public that we have indeed reconciled.” 
Tanya: “What way?” 
Jill said, “Do you remember your uncle’s cousin? He just graduated this year and is looking for a job. Can you arrange something for him in the Smiths’ company? That way, everyone will know that we’ve reconciled. You don’t have to say anything… This is just a small matter for the Smiths, right? Of course, you don’t have to arrange any key positions for him. He just has to be at the headquarters… At the headquarters, it would show that I helped him find a job.” 
Nora: “!” 
This request was too mundane! 
She grimaced and nodded at Tanya. Tanya said, “Joel agreed. I hope you can keep your word in the future and stop pestering me.” 
Jill said, “Okay, I’ll send your cousin’s resume to you later.”
After Jill sent the resume, Nora immediately asked for a copy and checked this person’s past. 
She suspected that this cousin might not be as ordinary as Jill wants them to believe. 
However, she did not expect that after investigating this person, she would not find any problems. 
She hesitated. 
Was Jill really just looking for a job for a cousin? 
In the prison. 
Visiting hours. 
Jill stood in the visitation room. When she saw Hillary limping over, her heart instantly ached. Her eyes turned red as she held Hillary’s hand. “Hillary, I’ve succeeded! Can that person really save you?” 
Hillary nodded and said impatiently, “What else? We’re already in this situation. Is there anyone else who can save us?” 
Jill hurriedly said, “Don’t get angry. I just feel that it’s a little hard to believe… Besides, your cousin is also confused about his new work arrangement…” 
Hillary said irritably, “Just do what I tell you to do! Why are you asking so many questions?! And make him obedient too!” 
“Okay, okay…” 
The visit ended, and next on the schedule was recreation time. 
Hillary supported her tired body and walked to the side.
When no one was paying attention, she suddenly said, “My mother has arranged for someone to enter the Smiths. Shouldn’t you fulfill your promise and save me from here?” 
As she spoke, she slowly looked up at another person in a prison uniform. 
This person was an acquaintance.
###Chapter 462
Chapter 462 Strange Illness 
Without even raising his head, he placed a drug into Hillary’s hand. “Eat this and you can leave.” 
Eat it? 
Hillary bit her lip and stared at the white pill. “What medicine is this?” 
“You don’t need to know. Just know that if you eat it, you can go out.” The person walked away after repeating himself, leaving Hillary standing there staring at the medicine in her hand. 
Should she eat it or not? 
She suddenly clenched her fists and looked at the back of the person in the distance. 
Thinking about how she had met this person and the changes around her during this period of time… Hillary suddenly steeled her heart and took the medicine while no one was paying attention. 
She did not know what this pill would do for her. 
“What? Hillary suddenly fell ill?” 
At the Smiths, when Tanya received the call, she was a little stunned. It was a call from the court. After all, Hillary had stolen her daughter. Now that she had been released to the hospital for treatment, the court had to inform Tanya of her whereabouts. 
Tanya frowned. “What illness is it?” 
The voice on the phone replied in a monotonous voice, “Ms. Tanya, Hillary’s condition is still being examined at the hospital, but it’s quite serious. She seems to have had a heart attack and has been in a
coma.” 
“Okay, I understand.” 
After hanging up, Tanya looked at Nora hesitantly and said, “Hillary has always been in good health. Why would she suddenly have a heart attack?” 
Nora frowned. She suddenly said, “Why don’t we go to the hospital to take a look?” 
Tanya subconsciously asked, “You suspect that she’s faking it?” 
The only people who could come out of prison were the patients. 
Nora nodded and looked at the time. She happened to be free now, so she simply stood up. “Let’s go. I’ll accompany you.” 
When still in prison, Hillary had already seen a doctor. The doctor was helpless and had sent her to the city’s Hospital Finest. 
Tanya drove and brought Nora to the hospital. The two of them walked upstairs slowly. 
Nora dragged her feet as if she could not walk. Her eyes were slightly lowered, and she exuded a domineering aura. 
Tanya’s mouth twitched as she watched from the side. She felt that this person really knew how to put on a show. She was clearly sleepy, but she could still make the biggest pose in the world. 
Everyone around looked over. Tanya could only grab her hand and pull her to walk faster toward the ward the court staff had told her about. 
As soon as they arrived, they saw Jill standing outside the ward, pacing back and forth anxiously. She seemed to have heard footsteps and turned to see them. She immediately rushed over and pointed at
Tanya as she scolded, “What are you doing here? Isn’t it enough that you caused my daughter to end up like this?! Do you have to see her die before you can be at ease?!” 
Tanya: “…” She frowned and felt that the Jill she had seen two days ago was not the same person as the Jill from today. Or rather, the Jill today was the Jill she was familiar with. The one from two days ago was so calm that it was terrifying. 
Nora looked at Tanya’s thoughtful expression. Now was not the time to quarrel with Jill. She interrupted Jill’s next question and asked, “How is she?” 
Nora was the eldest daughter of the Smiths and was also Justin Hunt’s girlfriend. 
Jill was a little worried as she said unhappily, “She’s not dead yet! However, the doctor hasn’t been able to find any problems until now. She’s still in a coma!” 
At this point, she looked at the two staff members guarding Hillary at the entrance of the operating theater with resentment. “It must be because you found a bad doctor for her! Seeing that my daughter is down and out, you didn’t treat her properly, did you!” The two staff members were about to speak when Jill suddenly thought of something. She looked at Nora suddenly. “By the way, aren’t you Anti? You’re the world’s number one surgeon. You’re also known as the master surgeon. Quickly go and see my daughter!” Nora: “…” 
She stared at Jill and then at the two people at the door. She raised her eyebrows slightly. “Okay.” 
She also wanted to see what Hillary was up to! 
As she thought this, Jill said to the two guards, “This is Doctor Anti. Can you let her in to see my daughter?”
The two of them looked at each other. It was now a critical period for Hillary to seek treatment. They had found two specialists in the hospital, but they could not see any problems. They had called Jill over because Hillary still had the right to seek treatment. 
Now, Nora was considered someone hired by Jill, so they said, “Then come out as soon as possible.” 
“No problem.” 
Nora waved at the two of them and then nodded slightly at Tanya. She gave her a reassuring look before entering the operating theater. 
Hillary had probably been here for three to four hours. At this moment, she was lying on the operating table with all kinds of testing equipment around her. 
Nora looked at the data displayed on the device first. 
Her heart was beating normally. 
Blood pressure was normal. 
All the statistics were up to standard. Even the blood test report was at the side, eliminating hypoglycemia. However, Nora observed that her brain waves were indeed abnormal. 
This meant that… Hillary was not pretending to be ill? 
Then why was she unconscious? There were only nurses in the operating theater now. The other doctors had already gone out to discuss this case. Nora went to the other side and prepared to take her pulse. 
She placed her fingers on Hillary’s wrist and closed her eyes. 
A minute later, she opened her eyes and retracted her fingers. She frowned at her.
At this moment, the door to the operating theater suddenly opened and a tall figure walked in. 
She looked up and saw a female doctor wearing surgical clothes. Behind her were a few nurses. As the group of people entered, they saw Nora. The female doctor frowned and reprimanded, “Who are you? The operating theater is not a place you can enter as you please! Please leave!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Just as she was about to speak, the staff guarding the door whispered, “This is the doctor hired by the inmate’s mother.” 
After saying that, the staff introduced her to Nora. “This is Doctor Elaine Miller, our lead doctor. She is also the most skilled person in our department!” When Elaine heard this, she immediately rebuked the two of them. “Nonsense! The person lying on the hospital bed is a criminal. Before we figure it out, how can we let the doctors outside see her? Even Dr. Larson is helpless when it comes to her condition. Her family can’t be thinking that any random doctor can treat her, right?” 
Nora was originally prepared to leave after she came in. 
After all, she was not kind enough to really treat Hillary. She had only come in to confirm if Hillary was really sick. 
Now that she had confirmed it, she was about to leave. However, she was unhappy when she heard this. 
The staff also mumbled, “She’s not a random doctor.” 
Elaine sneered. “Dr. Larson is the best doctor in the domestic and foreign departments. Is she better than him?”.
###Chapter 463
Chapter 463 Alternative Medicine and Modern Medicine! 
Elaine was famous for being a demoness in the hospital. 
However, her medical skills were good, and no one dared to provoke her. 
The staff member who had been scolded for no reason could not help but retort, “Yes, she is.” 
Elaine was stunned and then sneered. “Oh? Then tell me, who is she? If she’s better than Dr. Larson, why haven’t I heard of this person in all my years in the medical world?” 
The staff coughed and looked at Nora. 
Perhaps it was because she had joined Morris’s investigation team and became an external employee, Morris had specially sent her a document to prove her identity… Therefore, Nora had a good impression of these staff members. 
After all, they were considered her colleagues. 
Seeing her colleague in such a difficult position, how could Nora just leave? 
She raised her eyebrows at Elaine and suddenly said, “Hello, I’m Doctor Anti. If you haven’t heard of me, I’m probably too unremarkable, I 
guess.” 
Elaine was obviously stunned when she heard this. 
The nurses behind Elaine immediately covered their mouths and looked at her in shock. They exclaimed, “Anti?”
“Oh my god, I’m seeing Anti!” 
“Anti is the best international doctor. If Dr. Larson is the best in the country, then Anti is the best in the world. She’s even better than Dr. Larson!” 
“She’s my idol!” 
As the nurses were whispering, Nora realized that Elaine had an intense frown on her face. She seemed to be a little stunned when she heard this name. She felt awkward after being slapped in the face like that but calmed down quickly. Elaine did not continue talking about this matter. Instead, she looked at the staff and continued to reprimand them. “Even if Jill has found the best surgeon, you shouldn’t have just let her in!” 
With that, she glared at the two of them. “The criminal’s condition is still unclear. What if she’s pretending to be sick and intends to escape? Once the two of you were deceived, she might have run away before I came here!” 
The two staff members lowered their heads and pursed their lips. 
It was obvious disdain. 
Elaine’s words were righteous, but she had not said anything earlier. Now that she brought up this topic, it was obvious that she was embarrassed and angry. 
However, the two staff members did not reveal their thoughts. Instead, they looked at each other and coughed. “Yes, we were wrong.” 
Elaine looked at Nora and said to the two of them again, “Now, please get rid of everyone unrelated to the case! I want to see the patient!” 
“Yes!”
The two staff members looked at Nora. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and did not make things difficult for them. She left the operating theater. 
When she came out, Tanya stepped forward and asked, “How is it?” 
Nora thought of Hillary’s pulse earlier and said softly, “She’s really unconscious, but we still have to investigate the specific reason.” 
As long as it was not an act and she didn’t plan to escape, everything else should be fine. 
Tanya nodded. 
At this moment, Jill came over. “Miracle doctor, how’s my daughter?” When Nora heard this, she said, “Oh, they have another famous doctor in the hospital. She seems to be diagnosing her!” Jill was taken aback. “What do you mean?” Nora thought about it and replied, “Elaine.” 
Elaine… 
Jill was suddenly enlightened. “Oh!” 
Before Nora could say anything, Jill said, “She’s the most famous doctor in New York. She’s different from ordinary doctors. She’s the only alternative medicine doctor in the industry!” 
“Alternative medicine?” 
Nora was a little surprised. 
In this day and age, there were fewer and fewer young doctors who majored in traditional alternative medicine. Furthermore, most of the doctors who could be the best in traditional alternative medicine were
old. 
Traditional alternative medicine emphasized reading, hearing, and cutting. One needed to accumulate experience based on medical cases. 
However, Elaine was clearly only in her twenties… 
At this moment, the door to the operating theater was suddenly pushed open and Elaine walked out. 
Behind her, a few nurses said, “Doctor Elaine is really impressive! We didn’t find any problems, but the moment she arrived, we found out!” 
“That’s right. We have also heard of how magical alternative medicine is, but we never believed it. We felt that it’s no different from witchcraft. I didn’t expect to actually witness the power of alternative medicine today!” 
As the group of people flattered her, Jill went up to her. “Doctor Elaine, what’s wrong with my daughter?” 
Elaine said, “I checked her pulse and found that she’s indeed in a coma, not pretending. The specific reason still needs to be confirmed with blood tests, but I already have a general idea.” 
The nurses around them immediately nodded. 
However, Elaine suddenly looked at Nora and said, “Sometimes, modern medicine is indeed very useless. In her situation, all her vital signs are normal. From the perspective of modern medicine, there are no problems at all. Most ordinary people would have symptoms such as spleen and stomach dysfunction, kidney deficiency, and other symptoms, but they can’t be detected if they don’t reach a certain level. Once they reach a level that can be detected using modern medicine, it means that the illness is already very serious. This can highlight the importance of alternative medicine. It also requires
alternative medicine to nurse a person’s body! The mystery of alternative medicine is definitely not something modern medicine can compare to!” 
Nora: “!” 
Tanya whispered into her ear, “Nora, why do I feel like she’s implying you’re inferior to her?” 
Nora: “…Be more confident. Get rid of your feelings.” 
Tanya: “…” 
The corners of her mouth twitched as she could not help but purse her lips. “She’s good at alternative medicine, but you’re good at modern medicine. What’s there for her to be arrogant about?!” 
Nora chuckled and did not answer. However, Tanya’s voice was not low, and Elaine immediately heard her. She frowned and looked over. She simply walked in front of Nora. “Anti, honest words are unpleasant to the ear. There are some things I have to say!” 
“Do you really think that just because you’re the best doctor, your medical skills are amazing? Alternative medicine is the most profound! Furthermore, your mother, Yvette, was an outstanding talent in the alternative medicine world. You didn’t inherit her skills and instead went overseas to learn modern medicine! No matter how good your modern medicine is, I still look down on you! It’s because you have abandoned the essence of the ancestors! In my opinion, only the best alternative medicine practitioner can truly be considered a medical expert! You’re only holding a scalpel. No matter how good you are, it’s just familiarity making perfect!” 
When she said this, Nora instantly narrowed her eyes. “I only know how to hold a scalpel?”
###Chapter 464
Chapter 464 Sudden Death 
The entire corridor fell silent. 
The other nurses looked at each other. 
Elaine was the best in alternative medicine in the country, while Nora was the best in international modern medicine. When these two people met, they did not know who to help at that moment. 
However, Elaine was not afraid of her. She said, “What? Do you think I’m wrong? Or do you think modern medicine is better than alternative medicine?” 
Many people felt that alternative medicine was unreliable, especially in Western countries. Some even thought that it was a scam. 
Elaine’s words had clearly set a trap for Nora. 
If she said modern medicine was good, she would offend most of the alternative medicine doctors in the capital. And in New York, there were many prestigious alternative medicine doctors! 
If they all came together to suppress her, they could definitely make Nora’s life a living hell. 
However, if she said alternative medicine was good, Nora would be showing weakness and ruin her own prestige. 
Nora looked at her and did not understand why this person was targeting her. However, the corners of her lips curled up slightly and she said, “Be it modern or alternative medicine, in my opinion, they’re just ways to treat illnesses and save people! It doesn’t matter they’re noble or cheap. They can’t be compared!”
Everyone nodded in agreement. 
Elaine’s expression darkened. She seemed to be a little unhappy that she could not trick Nora. She sneered and said, “Then why did Miss Smith choose modern medicine instead of alternative medicine? According to what I know, your mother was an outstanding talent in the alternative medicine world back then! Why didn’t you inherit her mantle? Instead of studying alternative medicine, you chose modern medicine. Doesn’t this explain Miss Smith’s thoughts?” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows slightly. “Miss Smith, you’re not telling me it’s just your hobby, are you? You have a mother who’s famous for her alternative medicine skills, but you like modern medicine. Doesn’t this show your attitude?” 
Tsk. 
Nora pursed her lips. Was this Elaine planning to pin her on the saying that modern medicine was better than alternative medicine? 
She was really persistent. 
She suddenly smiled and said, “How do you know that I didn’t learn alternative medicine?” 
Elaine was stunned by her light tone. However, she continued mocking, “Oh, did you learn alternative medicine? Then why haven’t I ever heard your name in the alternative medicine world?” 
After saying that, she did not wait for Nora to speak again and looked at her phone. “Alright, I don’t have time to debate with Miss Smith here today. After all, I still have a case to settle. I’m not as free as Miss Smith.” 
Nora: “!”
Before she could say anything, Tanya said, “Eh? Isn’t it Doctor Elaine who suddenly walked over to talk to Nora? We didn’t stop you from leaving either! You make it sound like our Nora is pestering you. Isn’t that a little strange?” 
Elaine: “…” 
She glared at Tanya and left. 
After she left, Nora and Tanya looked at each other and were about to leave too. However, just as they turned around, they heard Jill’s angry voice. “Tanya, did you do this on purpose?” 
Nora turned back to look at Tanya, only to see her stunned. She looked at Jill in confusion. 
Jill’s fingers were about to poke her nose. “Doctor Elaine is Hillary’s attending doctor. You offended her with your words here. You must be trying to get her to take revenge on Hillary!” 
Tanya’s expression instantly darkened. 
A strange feeling surged in Nora’s heart. 
She also had two children, but regardless of whether it was Pete or Cherry, she doted on them. She was afraid that she would neglect one of them and make the other unhappy. 
Pete and born sensitive, while Cherry was born to be more carefree. However, she had not overlooked Cherry and wronged her. After all, her family background was good. Why did Jill have to do this? 
Jill did not have any motherly feelings for Tanya, right? 
Otherwise, how could she have done this?!
Jill was also a little unhappy that Nora had offended Elaine. However, she did not dare to get angry at Nora. She threw her temper at Tanya. “How old are you already? You don’t even know how to act! Is this the time for you to shoot your mouth off? Even if you’re criticized by others, so what if you suffer a little? Why do you have to fight for the upper hand? Do you think your younger sister isn’t dying quickly enough?” 
Tanya suddenly roared angrily, “My younger sister?” 
She looked at Jill. “How dare you say that the person lying inside is my younger sister? Isn’t she supposed to be my elder sister?!” 
Jill immediately choked. 
She gulped and Tanya said again, “What I told you back then was only a superficial reconciliation. Don’t think that we have really reconciled. However, you’re right about one thing!” Jill was taken aback. “What?” 
Tanya narrowed her eyes and sneered. “I really think that the person lying inside isn’t dying fast enough! She has already been arrested. Even if she doesn’t have a future, she can’t make up for the crime of stealing my child! I really hope that she dies from this illness!” Jill was furious. She stretched out her hand and was about to hit Tanya. “You evil girl!” 
Unfortunately, before she could do anything, Nora had already moved in front of Tanya and grabbed Jill’s wrist. She looked at Jill coldly and said, “Mrs. Jones, Tanya is my sister-in-law now. Before you hit her, did you ask for the Smiths’ opinion? Or do the Joneses no longer care about the Smiths’ opinion?” 
Her words made Jill choke. 
Nora whispered again, “Of course. Karl Moore is still in New York. If you have any ions to his daughter, why don’t you talk to him?”
Nora touched her chin and suddenly approached her. She said again, “By the way, do you know what Karl Moore is doing now?” 
Jill was stunned. 
She only knew that Karl Moore was from the underworld, but she really did not know what he was doing Now that Nora said this, her heart sank. “What?” 
Nora only smiled and did not say anything. 
However, this made Jill even more afraid. She swallowed her saliva and saw Nora suddenly reach out her hand. She raised her thumb and index finger and aimed them at Jill’s head. 
“Bang!”. 
Jill was shocked and subconsciously took a step back. Then, she saw Nora’s lips curl up slightly. 
Strange evilness appeared on her obedient face. 
She had originally thought that Hillary’s illness this time could be considered a blessing in disguise. After all, she could stay in the ward and avoid prison. 
However, no one expected that two days later, news would suddenly spread that Hillary had died in the ward. 
Upon hearing the news, the police quickly surrounded the Smiths. 
Happy New Year!! Enjoy!!
###Chapter 465
Chapter 465 Cause of Death!! 
“Hillary is dead.” 
Tanya looked at Nora as she spoke. 
She stared at her in shock and disbelief. Nora frowned. “What’s going on?” “I don’t know.” 
Tanya pointed at her phone. “I was just informed that she’s brain dead. The doctors just took her off the ventilator.” 
She subconsciously clenched her fists and took a deep breath. “This might be her retribution!” 
Nora felt that this matter was a little strange. 
Two days ago, she had gone to see Hillary and checked her pulse. Hillary was indeed in a coma and she might have been able to find out the specific reason with a blood test. At that time, she was worried that Hillary would pretend to be sick and escape from the prison. After confirming that she was really sick, she had felt relieved. 
Later on, Elaine took over Hillary. Furthermore, because of her special status, Nora did not pay attention to her anymore. 
But why was she dead? 
She frowned as the butler walked in and said, “Miss Nora, someone from the police station is here. They said…”
He gulped. “They said that further investigation has revealed that Hillary’s death was a murder . As for the murderer, they have sufficient evidence and have come to arrest the culprit.” 
Murderer… 
Nora frowned. “What’s going on?” 
How could the Smiths be related to the murderer? 
The butler did not understand either. At this moment, the police rushed in and said, “We already have evidence of your murder. Please surrender immediately!” 
Nora: “…” 
She thought about it carefully. Two days ago, she had only seen Hillary in the operating theater. At that time, there were surveillance cameras in the operating theater, so these people could not have framed her. The police officers walked towards her. Nora sighed slightly. Why was she fated with prison… 
The last time Old Maddy fell sick, it was the same. This time, it was the same… 
She had originally planned to follow the clues and find out who the mysterious person was that had come to New York. However, she did not expect that things would turn out this way. 
As she sighed, the police officer walked past and behind her. He took out handcuffs and handcuffed Tanya! 
Nora: “!!” 
Were the policeman’s words directed at Tanya? 
But how was that possible?!
Tanya looked surprised as she looked at the police officer in confusion. “What are you doing? Why did you arrest me?” 
The police officer said, “You’re suspected of murdering Hillary. We have both material evidence and witnesses, so we’re arresting you now! Please don’t resist.” 
Tanya was stunned. “What? How could I have killed someone?!” 
Nora also made a prompt decision to block the police’s path. She asked in a deep and calm voice, “What’s going on? Do you have an arrest warrant? What’s the evidence? Also, please show your police badge. Do you really think you can come in and arrest anyone you want?” 
The police officer did not expect Nora to be so domineering. He first took out his police badge and showed it to her before showing his arrest warrant. 
The arrest warrant was real. Nora could not stop them. After all, if she really stopped them and escaped, it would mean that they had fled for their crimes and would be confirmed as guilty. Nora looked at Tanya and said calmly, “You go first. I’ll contact the lawyer immediately and prepare to bail you out.” 
Tanya took a deep breath and nodded. “Okay.” 
When Tanya was brought out by the police, Jill arrived as well. When she saw Tanya, her eyes were red and she looked like she had gone mad. “Tanya! You killed Hillary! I knew it. You always wanted her dead! You vicious person! You murderer! I should have strangled you to death when you were young! I should have thrown you to death! A person like you shouldn’t have appeared in this world!” 
She rushed toward Tanya in anger, but the police stopped her. 
Jill was stopped by someone. Her hands and feet tried to claw out to her, but she could not touch Tanya.
She continued to curse. “You killed my daughter. I don’t want to live anymore, but before I die, I will take you with me! I will make you pay!” 
The police formed a protective circle around Tanya. 
She looked at Jill in shock. 
The person in front of her had already gone mad. It was obvious that she had decided to go all out. It was courage that allowed her to risk her life for her daughter. 
This was not about gaining benefits, but true selfless motherly love! 
But if she loved her daughter so much, why was she always so cold to Tanya? Tanya looked at Hillary in confusion and muttered, “Am I not your daughter?”. 
“No! I don’t have a daughter like you! You’re a murderer! You’ll die a horrible death. I’ll curse you to go to the deepest pits of hell after you die!” 
“…” 
These extreme evil thoughts and curses made Tanya slowly retract her gaze. 
She did not say anything else and followed the police into the car. 
— 
At the hospital’s mortuary. 
Elaine was wandering around Hillary’s corpse. She frowned and inspected the marks on the corpse. She said, “There are scratches on the victim’s body. Her fingernails were torn off, which means that she went
through an intense struggle when she was alive. We have detected an unknown drug composition in her body. Our initial estimate is that its poison. We’re pretty certain that she died from the poison.” 
After the examination, the nurse beside Elaine could not help but say, “Doctor Elaine, could her death be related to her previous unconsciousness? Could it be that she was poisoned in the prison and had fallen sick because of it? We just didn’t notice.” 
These words made Elaine clench her fists tightly. She looked at the nurse with a sharp gaze. “What nonsense are you talking about? We indeed could not find out the reason for her coma, but we did not find anything in her blood, either… It was clearly after Tanya saw her that she died from the poisoning!” 
The young nurse said, “But…” 
“But what?” Elaine glared at her. “Are you a doctor or am I? Even if a forensic doctor comes to investigate, this would be the only judgment!” 
The young nurse gritted her teeth. She knew that this matter had to be resolved like this. 
Otherwise, it would mean that Elaine’s medical skills were bad and she could not treat Hillary well. 
However… 
She couldn’t help but say, “There’s Doctor Anti too!” 
What if the international expert could tell the real cause? 
However, as soon as she said this, Elaine smiled. “She’s already dead. Do you think just any random doctor can look at her body? With me around, even a forensic doctor won’t be able to touch her!”
With that, she said, “Don’t worry. Unless someone from the special department comes, no one can overthrow my judgment!”
###Chapter 466
Chapter 466 Evidence! 
The nurse was stunned. “Special department?” 
The young nurse did not know about them, so she asked hesitantly, “What’s that?” Elaine said, “It’s a department above the normal police service. If they take over the case, all of us have to listen to them… Forget it. You won’t understand even if I tell you this. Anyway, after this case is successfully closed, I’ll have enough experience accumulated to apply for a position in the special department.” If she could join the special department, it would be an honor for her! 
Moreover, Captain Ford from the special department… had an honorable status and was admired by everyone. At the thought of this, Elaine’s face turned a little red as she became excited. 
She signed her diagnosis and autopsy report and handed them to the nurse. Then, she looked at the nurse and said, “The cause of death has been determined, let’s cremate the corpse now.” 
The nurse was stunned. “So fast?” 
“Yes, it’s summer now. Corpses rot if they’re left out for too long. Even if there’s a freezer, there’s no need to keep her body.” The nurse courteously replied, “Then I’ll contact the victim’s family.” 
“Okay.” 
After saying that, Elaine looked at her. “Contact her now.” 
The nurse did not expect her to be so anxious. He asked, “Ah?… Ah, okay.” 
–
When Tanya was taken away, she only said one sentence to Nora. “Take good care of Mia.” 
After she was taken away, Nora went upstairs first. 
It was the weekend today, so the children did not go to school. They were playing inside and seemed to have heard the noise downstairs. Therefore, when Nora entered, she saw Mia anxiously wearing her shoes. She asked in a small voice, “Why was my mommy arrested?” 
Pete said, “Don’t worry. They must have caught the wrong person.” 
Cherry held her phone. As they were in the midst of an intense team battle, she looked at Mia and then downstairs. 
She hesitated for 0.01 seconds before throwing her phone down and putting on her shoes. “Let’s go downstairs and ask Mom!” 
Nora pushed the door open and entered. 
When she saw the three children, she said, “Mia, your mommy has something on and needs to go to the police station. Don’t worry.” 
Mia asked hesitantly, “Is she really okay?” 
Nora got down on her knees and ruffled through her hair. “She’s really fine. Your mommy is such a good person, and the police officers specialize in catching bad people. Why would they catch your mommy?” 
Mia tilted her head and thought about it carefully. “Yes, Aunt Nora is right. Then, when will Mommy be back?” 
“She’ll be back tonight.”
Nora coaxed her patiently. Her voice was very soft. Although it was deep, it was very gentle. After saying that, she looked at Cherry and saw that the little fellow’s big eyes were darting around. She pouted and then silently said to Nora, “Mommy, you’re lying.” 
Nora: “…” 
She knew that this brat was smart and could tell that things were not so simple. 
However, Cherry cooperated and persuaded Mia. The little fellow looked up and said confidently, “Mia, don’t be afraid. Even if something really happens to your mommy, my mommy won’t just sit there and do nothing! Besides, your daddy is very powerful too! If they can’t do it, then look for my daddy!” 
Mia tilted her head. “What if your daddy can’t do it, either?” 
“Then find my auntie and grandma!” Cherry patted her chest. “Don’t worry. My auntie and grandma are the best!” 
Mia was really deceived by her confidence. She nodded. “Okay.” 
Nora said, “You guys have fun here. I’ll get the nanny to watch over you all. You all have to stay at home obediently today, okay?” 
Mia: “Okay!” 
Cherry said, “Don’t worry, Mommy! I’ll take good care of Mia and Pete!” 
Pete: “…” 
When Nora saw that Mia had calmed down, she went out and picked up her phone to call Joel. However, the moment she went out, she felt a tiny tug on her pants.
She lowered her head and met Pete’s stern but serious face. 
He thought for a moment and said, “Mommy, I just saw that God-mom was taken away by them in handcuffs.” 
Nora: “?” 
Was her son so observant?! 
It was too difficult to lie to him. 
She lowered her head and was about to say something when she heard Pete’s clear analysis. “You should contact Uncle and Dad immediately and get a lawyer to bail God-mom out. If they came here for an arrest, they must have had an arrest warrant. That means they have solid evidence, but God-mom definitely didn’t do anything bad. You should look at the evidence. If I’m not wrong, the evidence must have been tampered with.” 
“…” Hearing his logical analysis, Nora felt for the first time that her son was indeed very smart. 
Although he did not like to talk much and spent all his time doing Mathematical Olympiad questions, he was indeed worthy of being a child of the Hunts. Even when faced with dire situations, he could maintain his composure and think clearly. 
She touched Pete’s head. “Okay, I’ll do all of that. But Mia is in a bad mood, so can please take good care of her?”. Pete looked at Nora helplessly. “Mommy, I’m not a three-year-old child anymore.” These words to coax a child were useless on him. 
However, Nora said seriously, “Pete, Mommy isn’t coaxing you. I’m telling the truth. Cherry has a rough personality and a big heart. I’m worried about letting her take care of people. But if it’s Pete, Mommy
would be relieved!” 
These words made Pete’s face turn red. He nodded and even spoke up for his sister. “Sister is also very good.” 
Nora: “…” 
This fellow was really adorable! 
Nora left the house and called Joel. Joel already knew about the situation when the police came in to arrest him. He said, “I’m bringing my lawyer over. I’ll probably arrive with them.” 
Nora nodded. “Sure.” 
Nora and Joel were not allowed to see Tanya before the case was processed. Only the lawyers were allowed to discuss these matters. 
After more than half an hour, the lawyer walked out with a frown. “The matter has been clarified! They do indeed have the evidence to back Ms. Turner’s arrest! Hillary’s death was caused by the toxins in her body. During the time she was detained, only Miss Tanya had seen her! She injected something in Hillary’s infusion drug. All of this had been recorded by the surveillance cameras. We’re at a great disadvantage right now!”
###Chapter 467
Chapter 467 Confess! 
When they heard this, Nora and Joel were stunned. 
Tanya had met Hillary in private? And she had injected something into her IV tube? How was that possible?! 
Although Tanya hated Hillary, she would not do something like that because she still had Mia to take care of. She could not do anything illegal. Joel was the first to speak. “Impossible.” 
Nora nodded as well. “Although Hillary is unconscious, she will still go to jail even if she wakes up. She has already received the punishment she deserves. Tanya would not harm her again!” 
The lawyer sighed. “But Ms. Tanya once told Jill that she would never forgive Hillary. She even wanted Hillary to die.” Nora: “…” 
She had indeed said this when Jill questioned her in the hospital. Moreover, there was a nurse beside her at that time. 
The lawyer said, “Someone has evidence to prove this. Therefore, Ms. Tanya has a motive for the crime. In addition to the surveillance video and the toxins collected from the body… there is both human and material evidence. Furthermore, Ms. Tanya has already confirmed the evidence from the surveillance cameras…” 
These words stunned Nora and Joel. The two of them looked at the lawyer in disbelief and questioned at the same time, “How is this possible?” 
The lawyer frowned as well. “I can’t get bail now, but I’ve requested to meet Ms. Tanya. The two of you can follow me.”
Joel and Nora nodded. 
Soon, the formalities were completed. Nora followed behind Joel and the lawyer and slowly entered the interrogation room. 
Tanya sat there inside the interrogation room, looking a little flustered and helpless. She clenched her fists tightly and turned her head away the moment they entered. 
After the others had left, Nora remained silent. Joel, on the other hand, said slowly, “Tanya, you didn’t really go to see Hillary, right? There must be something wrong with their surveillance cameras. Why are you admitting to it? Did they torture you?” When Tanya heard this, the panic in her eyes gradually calmed down. She looked a little depressed and shook her head. “No. The police work according to the law. They can’t torture me. You’re thinking too much.” 
Joel stared at her. “Then why did you admit to it? And what’s with the surveillance cameras?” 
When he asked this, Nora had already started playing the video on her phone. 
In the video, Tanya could be clearly seen entering the ward and taking out something to push into the IV line. Nora stared at that face. After knowing Tanya for so many years, she could almost confirm… 
Tanya suddenly looked up and said slowly, “I didn’t want to kill her!” 
Her words confirmed everything the lawyer had said! 
Nora put her phone away. 
She thought that it was all a lie, but she did not expect it to be true! 
If the video was real, they could not do anything
When Joel heard this, he was extremely surprised. He, who could remain calm in the face of death, asked anxiously, now that it concerned Tanya, “You… You really went to see her? What did you inject her with?” 
Tanya lowered her head and took a deep breath before saying, “It’s called Benzoplatin. This thing can make her feel pain even in a coma.” 
The interrogation room fell silent. 
Tanya held her head and said in pain, “I didn’t want to kill her. I just wanted her to feel pain… Joel, do you know? I interacted with Mia a lot before I realized that there are some scars on Mia’s private parts… They are all old scars. I asked Mia about it, and she told me… that it was her mother, when she was young. Because she was insensible, she cried and made you frown, so Hillary used a cigarette butt to burn her privates!” 
Tanya’s words were still trembling. 
A day ago, she had given Mia a bath… 
Actually, she should not look at a child’s private parts when she grows older. 
As a father, Joel had not seen it since Mia was three years old. 
But Tanya loved Mia too much. When she saw the small mole on Mia’s shoulder, she wanted to check her entire body. 
She did not expect to find such a big scar… 
It had been a long time ago, and the scar was very big. It was obvious how much Mia had suffered back then!!
She had asked Mia about it, who had said in fear, “Mommy, I’ll be serious and obedient in the future. Don’t punish me like this.” 
At that moment, Tanya felt like she had lost her mind! 
No wonder. No wonder her daughter, who had been pampered by Joel since she was young, was so careful. She did not have any arrogant habits at all. 
No wonder Mia was so afraid of Hillary… 
So that was the reason!! 
Tanya was trembling with anger. She held back her rationality and coaxed Mia to sleep before sitting there in a daze for the entire night. 
She knew that even if she revealed this matter, Hillary would already be dead because this matter could not be changed to a death sentence… The one who would be affected the most was Mia. 
Mia would be pitied because of this. 
She did not want her daughter to be pitied. 
However, she could not vent her frustration and anger at all. It was only in the morning that she made up her mind. 
Even if she had to be a bad person or a murderer this time, she would not let Hillary off so easily! Because seeing her child in pain was the most intolerable thing for a mother! Therefore, she had searched for drugs that could make one’s nerves feel extremely painful and had secretly gone to the hospital to inject them into Hillary’s IV bottle. 
Hearing Tanya’s words, Joel stood up suddenly.
The man, who was more than 1.8 meters tall, was trembling like a sieve. He looked at Tanya in disbelief. “How… how is this possible…” 
His daughter had actually suffered like this under his watch?! 
He clenched his fists tightly, his eyes filled with tears. “It’s… my fault.” 
Tanya shook her head. “You’re a father, and she’s a girl. How could you have known? If it weren’t for the coincidence, I wouldn’t have looked so carefully at my daughter… She’s already five years old… Hillary took advantage of this!” 
She suddenly looked up with red eyes and said in a trembling voice. “So, I don’t regret it. Even if I kill her, I’m willing to face the consequences! But what about my Mia?” 
Towards the end, she looked a little lost. 
Almost as soon as she said this, Joel held her hand and suddenly said, “Tanya, what does this have to do with you? I was the one who gave you the medicine!” 
Tanya was stunned. “When did you give it to me…” 
At this point, she suddenly understood. 
Joel was trying to take the blame! 
Her eyes were red as large tears rolled down her cheeks. She lowered her head and wiped her tears. “Stop fooling around…” 
However, Joel said firmly, “I’m useless. I couldn’t protect my wife or my daughter… Back then, I broke up with you because of a small misunderstanding. Now that something like this has happened to my
daughter, it’s my fault. It’s all my fault… I want to tear Hillary to pieces!”
###Chapter 468
Chapter 468 Too Late! 
Tanya grabbed his hand. “This isn’t your fault. It’s my fault. I didn’t say anything and hid everything… I blamed myself for believing Jill’s words back then and going overseas. When I found out I was pregnant, I forced myself to give birth, but I didn’t have the ability to protect the child…” 
As she spoke, her voice was choked with tears. “That’s why I can’t let my daughter live under her shadow forever. I want my daughter to know that people who’ve done bad things to her will pay the price!” 
Large tears rolled down her cheeks again. 
However, Joel seemed determined. He suddenly stood up. “Tanya, you don’t have to hide it for my sake. I know you love me, but there’s really no need for you to be so silly… Besides, you couldn’t have bought that medicine by yourself!” 
Tanya bit her lip. 
Yes, ordinary people could not buy that drug, but what about the future mistress of the Smiths? 
She had used Joel’s name to buy that medicine! 
She cried and said, “I’ve already admitted my crime! Mia can’t live without her father! Joel, if you still have any feelings for me, don’t be a jerk at this time!” 
Joel did not stay silent and only said, “Mia is a girl. She needs her mother more.” 
Nora watched as the two of them argued. She was still digesting the news she had just received.
She didn’t expect Mia to be treated this way. Not to mention Tanya, even she couldn’t accept it. If such a thing happened to Cherry… 
Not to mention inserting a drug, she would immediately shoot Hillary into meat paste with a gun! 
While she was also feeling angry, these two people were going back and forth. They were both going to shoulder the lawsuit. Nora could only abandon all her senses. 
Now, Tanya and Joel were angered by Mia’s matter. The two of them had no rationality to speak of, so they did not notice that there was a problem with Tanya’s story. She interrupted the two of them. “Erm, don’t fight over it. That medicine is not fatal.” 
When she said this, Tanya and Joel’s voices paused. 
The lawyer sighed. “Yes, this thing is poison, but it won’t kill her. However, the coroner’s conclusion is that Hillary’s body was originally weak. She died because she was injected with this thing!” 
Tanya smiled bitterly. “Of course, I knew it wouldn’t kill her… Although I lost my rationality back then, I knew that Mia still needed me! I couldn’t let a scumbag ruin my life! That was why I researched online for medicines that could cause pain but would not kill… I didn’t expect her to die.” 
No matter how angry Tanya was, she would never leave Mia alone again. However, she could not swallow her anger. Therefore, she chose to compromise. 
She had punished Hillary in a safe way. 
She never expected that the medicine, that only worked on the nerves and did not harm the human body, would actually take Hillary’s life! 
When the lawyer heard this, he asked, “When you searched on the Internet, what were the keywords?”
Tanya replied, “Painful but not fatal.” The lawyer heaved a sigh of relief. “That’s good! We can use this for a counterattack! It can prove that you didn’t intend to commit murder! It was accidental murder! In addition to the fact that you have a child… I think the judge will show mercy!” Joel hurriedly asked, “How benevolent can the judge be?” 
The lawyer looked at Joel. “Mr. Smith, if you were the one who had done it, then it would have been intentional murder. Therefore, only Ms. Tanya would be able to use this counterattack. And because it wasn’t intentional, and because Hillary’s actions were too hateful, the judge will pity Ms. Tanya. I’m confident that Ms. Tanya will only be sentenced to three years at most!” 
When Tanya heard this, she looked at Joel. “Wait for me. I’ll see you in three years.” 
Joel pursed his lips and suddenly said, “I’ll give you a grand wedding in three years.” 
Tanya’s eyes turned red. “Forget it. If you marry a woman who has been in prison, you will be laughed at.” 
“I’m not afraid of being laughed at. I just feel very useless.” Joel clenched his fists. “Tanya, I’m sorry.” 
It was the end of visiting hours. Nora and Joel stood up and left with their lawyers. 
As soon as they left the room, Joel looked at the lawyer. “If I had attempted murder on purpose to avenge my daughter, how long would I be sentenced to?” 
The lawyer was stunned, but when he saw that Joel was serious, he calculated in his heart and said, “10 years.” 
Joel smiled. “Okay, that’s the plan.” 
The lawyer was stunned. “Mr. Smith, it’s 10 years! It’ll only be three years for Ms. Tanya!”
Joel lowered his eyes. “Do as I say.” 
He would rather be in prison for 10 years than letting Tanya suffer for another three years. 
The lawyer instantly became bitter and vengeful. He simply looked at Nora. “Miss Smith, please persuade Mr. Smith!” 
Nora was deep in thought and did not hear him at all. She only reacted when the lawyer tugged at her sleeve. “What?” 
The lawyer could only repeat Joel’s decision. 
However, Joel, who was beside her, gradually sensed Nora’s abnormality. He frowned and suddenly asked, “Nora, do you find something odd?” 
Nora nodded. “I’ve been thinking about it. Could Hillary really die if injected with 5 milliliters of Benzoplatin? According to what I know, Benzoplatin only affects the nerves and makes people feel pain, but it’s harmless to the body.” 
Joel did not know medicine, so he did not suspect anything when he heard about this medicine. 
However, after Nora said that, he suddenly frowned. “You mean…” 
Nora shook her head. “I’m not sure either, but I still think we should go and see the corpse.” 
Joel nodded immediately. 
He looked at the lawyer. 
The lawyer also understood something. He hurriedly went to look for someone and asked to see the corpse.
When the staff member heard this request, he did not reject it. He picked up his phone and called the morgue. However, when the call connected, he was stunned. “What? She’s already been sent to the crematorium?” 
When he said this, the three people present were all stunned! 
Nora and Joel exclaimed at the same time, “Oh no!” 
Before coming to the police station, neither of them had expected the corpse to be dealt with so quickly, so they did not think of protecting it at all. 
After all, she was already dead! 
They were no professional criminals, after all. They had overlooked this!! 
Joel rushed to the phone and asked, “When did you send it out?” 
The person was stunned. “Half an hour ago…” 
After Tanya admitted to it, this case was basically set in stone. Therefore, the handling of the corpses was also within the rules! Joel and Nora looked at each other. Without a word, they rushed out the door. Nora jumped into the driver’s seat and said to Joel, “Sit tight!” 
As soon as she said that, the car rushed out! 
Joel was already making a call, but the vehicle carrying the corpse had already arrived at the crematorium. The corpse had been sent in and the door was closed! 
When burning corpses at high temperatures, once they entered the furnace, they could not be taken out again!
Because it was impossible to stop halfway. 
So… it was too late! 
They were a step too late!! 
If the corpse was cremated, there was no chance of turning the situation around!
###Chapter 469
Chapter 469 A Turn of Events!! 
Screeeeech! 
The car stopped at the entrance of the crematorium. Almost the moment the car stopped, Nora and Joel jumped out. 
The guard was stunned. He went forward and asked, “Hey, what are you guys doing? You…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Joel had already pushed him away. Nora turned sideways and slithered in. The security guard was a little surprised by the two of them. After being stunned for a moment, he chased after them. “Stop right there! This is not a place where you can just barge in! 
Unfortunately, the two of them had already run toward the entrance of the crematorium! 
At the entrance, a few cars were parked orderly. Elaine sat in the front passenger seat of the car and leisurely stared at the venue, which had already closed the door. 
When she saw her, Nora rushed forward and stared at her. “Where’s the corpse?” 
Elaine raised her eyebrows. “What corpse?” 
Nora replied, “Hillary Jones’ corpse!” 
Elaine smiled. “Why should I tell you where her body is? Who do you think you are?” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Joel had already opened the door to the front passenger seat. Nora grabbed Elaine’s arm and pulled her out of the car.
The two moved like flowing water, stunning Elaine. When she came back to her senses, she was already standing in front of Joel and Nora! Nora grabbed her wrist tightly and asked, “Tell me, where is Hillary Jones’ corpse?” 
Elaine tried her best to shake off her grip and said angrily, “Why should I tell you? Let go of me right now! Otherwise, you’ll be breaking the law!” 
At this moment, the guard at the door rushed over and blocked their way. The guard asked, “What’s going on?”. 
Elaine shouted, “Call for help immediately. Someone is breaking the law here!” 
When the guard heard that, he hurriedly found a few people and surrounded Nora and Joel. Someone had already taken out a weapon and aimed it at them. 
Joel took a deep breath. “I suspect that the cause of the deceased’s death has not been investigated clearly, so we need to stop the cremation immediately! Send the corpse out right now!” 
As soon as she said this, those people looked at Elaine. 
Elaine smiled. “Mr. Smith, what’s wrong? The Smith family is so powerful. Are you planning to tamper with the corpse? My colleagues and I have already determined the cause of death and signed it. Moreover, Ms. Tanya has already confessed! Why can’t you let Ms. Jones rest in peace? If you take her out halfway through the cremation… that’s impossible!” 
Joel stared at her. “Are you guys stopping or not?” 
The Smith family members were around, and some people had even followed them in. 
If this group of people did not stop, he would cause a riot here! 
The Smiths were not easy to bully!
Elaine was shocked by his gaze. She sneered and said, “What? Is the Smith family planning to attack us? Let me tell you, everyone around here is my colleague. We’re not afraid of you at all! Everything has to be done according to the rules! Without orders, we can’t stop the cremation!” 
Orders… 
By the time the lawyer applied for an order to stop the cremation, her body would probably already be burnt to ashes! 
This Elaine was clearly making things difficult for them on purpose. Or rather, she wanted to close this case completely. 
Elaine lowered her head and played with her nails. She spoke first. “Mr. Smith, you’re just a wealthy man. No matter how powerful you are in the business industry, you’re just the husband of a criminal in my eyes! You want me to stop the cremation and I have to do as you say? Do you really think you’re some big shot?” 
She looked at Joel. “Let me tell you, unless someone from the special department is standing in front of me right now, I’m not changing my mind!” Joel’s expression turned cold as he looked at the burning room. He was about to order his subordinates to attack when Nora’s cold voice suddenly sounded. “Then I order you to stop the cremation immediately!” 
As soon as she said this, Nora took out the documents Morris had given her from her pocket and handed them to Elaine. “The special department’s external forensic doctor, Nora Smith, requests that you immediately stop the cremation!” 
III 
Everyone around fell silent.
Elaine swallowed her saliva. Nora had already looked at the few staff members following behind her. She waved the documents in front of them and roared, “Special Case Departments! Priority is above all departments! I order you all to stop immediately!” 
“…Yes.” 
Someone said, turning around to press the button. 
However, Elaine stopped the other party and stared at Nora. “I need to determine the authenticity of this document. What if it’s fake?” 
The staff was stunned and said, “This… It can’t be fake, right?” 
Elaine explained slowly, “You can fake any certificate these days. I think this certificate might be fake! We still have to be careful when handling matters!” 
The staff could only nod. “Please let us determine its authenticity.” 
Nora took back the documents and said righteously, “I’m on a special mission! Please cooperate with me immediately. If the evidence is destroyed, would you bear the responsibility?! Don’t you know what’s important? Stop immediately!” 
The staff looked at Elaine. “Elaine Miller…” 
Elaine narrowed her eyes. Her gaze suddenly landed behind Nora. She smirked. “Yes, I suddenly feel that what Miss Smith said is right. Then, let’s stop for now!” 
The staff member heaved a sigh of relief and ran to the switch of the device. Just as his fingers touched the button, the device made a beeping sound.
He was stunned. 
He turned to look at Nora in shock and said, “It’s too late. The corpse has already been burned.” Nora: “” 
She looked into the room and pushed the door open. “What room is it?!” 
The cremation facility could handle a few bodies at once. 
The staff swallowed. “Number Five.” 
Nora rushed in front of Number Five. There were only bones in front of her. The rest had already been burnt to ashes… 
Joel followed in as well. When he saw the situation in front of him, his expression darkened. 
Elaine followed him in and said slowly, “Sigh, I’m sorry. Look, I wasted some time and accidentally burned it all. It’s over…” 
Almost as soon as she said this 
Thud! 
Nora punched her in the face! 
She glared at Elaine angrily. “You were deliberately stalling for time!” 
Elaine took a few steps back after being punched. Her cheeks instantly puffed up, and even her mouth tasted bloody. 
Golden light shone in front of her eyes and she felt dizzy. She stared at Nora’s hand. She did not expect this woman in front of her, who looked soft and weak, to have such strength in one punch.
She was beaten until her head was dizzy. She stared at Nora. “What right do you have to beat up a colleague? This is illegal!” Almost as soon as she finished speaking, Nora punched her again, hitting her other cheek heavily! 
After two punches, Elaine’s cheeks were all red and bloody. 
Nora stared at her. “You’re deliberately interfering with the matters of the special department. It’s a light punishment to be punched twice by me!” 
Looking at her sharp and cold eyes, Elaine covered her face and retreated in fear. She shouted in a daze, “I don’t know what you’re talking about… This isn’t over. I’m going to complain to the higher-ups!” 
“I will also report to my superiors and see if they listen to you or me!” 
Nora left these words angrily before leaving the incineration room with Joel. 
Joel looked at Nora, who was walking in front of him angrily. The man was very calm. His eyes even shone with a fierce light. He slowly said, “Nora, don’t be angry. I originally wanted to do everything by the book, but since these people seem too keen to disregard the law, don’t blame me for not following it, either!” 
The Smiths had always kept a low profile. To outsiders, they were always smiling. Therefore, people felt that the Smiths were easy to bully, right? 
However, they did not know that… it would be easy for Quentin’s secret organization to save Tanya! 
At most, he would settle down overseas with Tanya! 
Anyway, Uncle Ian had found his biological daughter. He could temporarily handle everything regarding the Smiths in the country…
Just as he was thinking about it, he saw Nora, who had gotten into the car, suddenly turn around and look at him. The anger from earlier had disappeared completely and was back to its usual nonchalance. 
She smiled. “Joel, don’t be rash. I know what to do about this.” 
Her almond-shaped eyes shone with a strange light. 
Joel: “?” 
He narrowed his eyes and thought of how Nora had been acting very rashly ever since she found out about this. 
He did not know much about medicine, so when he heard that Tanya had drugged Hillary, he really thought that it was poison. He did not think in the other direction, nor did he think about protecting the corpse. However, Nora understood. She still listened to Tanya explain the reason and allowed the lawyer to find out what had happened. Then, she seemed to have realized the need for the corpse and rushed over anxiously. 
Thinking about it now, why did he feel like she was acting? Joel thought about it and said, “Then Tanya…” “Don’t worry.” 
Nora only left two words before starting the car. She first took Joel to the Smiths before driving out again. She drove around the city twice and shook off the people following her before entering a villa in the suburbs. 
As soon as she entered, Brenda said in a hoarse voice, “Sister-in-law, you’re here? Come and help me take a look. Which of these guys is more handsome? They all asked me out for dinner tonight, but I haven’t decided who to eat yet…”
Nora hesitated. “Who to eat?” 
Brenda covered her mouth with her delicate fingers. “Oh, look at me. Why am I speaking my thoughts out loud?” 
Nora: “…” 
Brenda sat lazily on the sofa in front of her. Her long, fair legs were crossed, her short skirt just wrapped around her butt. She was so sexy that she looked like a stunner. 
Her eyes were charming as she looked up. If not for the cold freezer beside her, everyone would have thought that she was about to have a beautiful date. 
Nora ignored her and looked at the corpse in the freezer. Hillary was lying quietly inside. Her injuries were obvious and one could tell that she had experienced a lot of pain before she died
###Chapter 470
Chapter 470 How She Became Pregnant Back Then!!! 
Actually, when Jill came to look for Tanya, Nora had already reported to the special department. 
She suspected that Jill was related to that mysterious organization, so Brenda and Morris continued to pay attention to this case. 
When Hillary was lying in the ward, the special department had already secretly gathered her blood samples and handed them to the special department’s internal inspection department for comparison. 
Nora looked like she did not care about this on the surface, but she was actually giving the other party a chance to relax. 
After all, they were still unable to apprehend their opponents this time, let alone know who they were… 
However, Hillary’s death was indeed beyond Nora’s expectations. Nora knew the moment Hillary died. 
When the police came to the Smiths to arrest Tanya, she had really thought that the other party was coming for her with the intention of sending her to prison. At that time, she had already thought about making a trip to the police station and seeing what was going on. 
But what she did not expect was… those people were targeting Tanya. 
When Tanya was arrested, she sensed something was off and sent Brenda a message. After securing the evidence, she cooperated and began her performance. 
Since the other party wanted to slander Tanya, they must have a backup plan… In that case, she would beat them at their own game and see what kind of conspiracy they were up to!
It was indeed Hillary’s corpse that Elaine had sent into the crematorium. However, Brenda had been waiting inside for a long time and had secretly swapped the corpse. 
Nora then rushed to the crematorium and made an angry scene. It was to let her hidden opponents think that Hillary had indeed been burned! 
Nora looked at Hillary and asked, “Have you inspected her?” 
Brenda tilted her head and said in a charming voice, “Isn’t that your job? It was already very difficult for me to steal the body!” 
Nora could not help but have goosebumps. Could this person speak more normally? 
She put on her gloves and went to examine the body. Through the body, she could determine the last moments of the deceased’s life. 
– 
Hillary woke up in pain in her daze. 
The pain in her body made her curl her fingers uncontrollably. She wanted to open her eyes, but she could not. She knew she might die. 
How could she be dying? 
She suddenly remembered that after eating the pill that person had given her, her entire body suddenly felt hot as if it was going to burn. Before she fainted, that person had sneered and scolded, “Trash! You can’t even handle this little medicine!” 
Hillary wanted to reach out and grab her. She wanted to shout for the other party to save her. She even wanted to say, “Didn’t you promise me? Why didn’t you let me out?”
However, the other party said, “I only promised you that you would leave. I didn’t say whether you would leave alive or dead! You’re too useless!” 
Then she fainted. 
If she had not been injected with Benzoplatin, she might not have woken up. 
However, now that she was awake, she could barely move her body. The pain in her body became more and more intense as if all the nerves in her body were expanding… 
She screamed in pain. She felt like there were ants crawling over her. She scratched her skin and then her arm. Her entire body was covered in scratches, but they could not alleviate the pain under the skin! 
She did not want to die. Even if it hurt, she did not want to die… 
But death was getting closer and closer to her… until she slowly closed her eyes. 
“Are you done?” 
As Nora stood up straight, Brenda asked. 
Nora nodded and briefly explained the situation of the corpse. “There are many scratches on her body. It should be neurological pain caused by Benzoplatin. It woke her up before she died. If Tanya had not injected her with a drug, she would have died without ever waking up.” 
Brenda was surprised. “What was the cause of death?” 
“She was poisoned, but it doesn’t seem like poison either.” Nora frowned. When Hillary was sent out, she had already taken her pulse. At that time, her pulse was very chaotic. Brenda asked, “So was it poison or not?” 
Nora said, “I’ll get Lily to dissect the corpse and investigate properly. It will take time.”
Brenda hummed in boredom and took out her phone to take a look. Then, she looked up at Nora. “You hit Elaine?” 
Nora replied casually, “Yeah.” Brenda tilted her head. “I don’t like her either, this person is too ugly. But weren’t you just acting? You clearly knew that the corpse was with me. You shouldn’t have been so angry that you wanted to hit her, right?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “No… my hands were itchy.” 
Brenda was speechless. 
She twitched her lips and suddenly smiled. “You’re in big trouble!” Nora walked to the sink and asked while washing her hands, “Yes?” 
Brenda stood up, her slender legs wearing a pair of red high heels. She walked slowly behind her and said, “Elaine has reported you to the higher-ups. She said that you beat up a colleague to vent your personal feelings.” Nora raised her eyebrows. “What else?” 
Brenda smiled and said, “Of course, Captain Ford is protecting you. He said that you were just anxious. After all, our case is still confidential, and we can’t reveal the truth. However, Elaine is unwilling to let this go. She insisted on letting you be punished and making you apologize!” 
Nora nodded and did not say anything else. 
Brenda asked curiously, “What do you plan to do next? Before we expose the mastermind, we can’t clear Tanya’s name. Are we going to let her be detained first?” 
“Of course not.” 
Nora said firmly, “Mia will cry at home.”
Brenda blinked her beautiful eyes. “Then what do you plan to do?” 
“What should we do?” 
Nora suddenly smiled. “We’ll just mind our own business, of course.” Brenda: “” 
That night, the special department came forward and accepted the murder case, saying that it was related to the case they were investigating 
Then, the lawyer hired by the Smiths completed the bail procedures. Tanya was picked up that night and returned home safely. 
Brenda sat in the car and looked at Nora, who was napping in the front passenger seat. She pursed her lips. “Is this what you meant by our business ?” 
Nora yawned. “Yes.” 
Everything was going according to the plan. The bail procedures were all standard. No one could say anything! 
Brenda’s lips twitched. “You’re really domineering.” They were clearly letting her go free! Then, she smiled. “But now, our Captain Ford is going to have a headache.” 
The suspect in the murder case was released… To be precise, she was no longer a suspect. She had already been convicted. Morris was definitely under immense pressure. 
However, Nora did not say anything. She continued to squint her eyes. 
The special department could handle cases, but they could not let her friend suffer.
Tanya had been implicated because of them. Why should she go to jail for their sake? She yawned and looked at Brenda. “Take me home. Thank you.” 
Brenda was speechless. 
As she drove, she asked curiously, “When do you think the mastermind will make a move?” 
Nora yawned again. “In two days! If we catch the mastermind, the truth will be out.” 
Brenda: “…You’re really confident.” 
Nora ignored her words. She was already leaning against the bed and falling asleep. 
After Brenda took her to the Smiths, she realized that Justin was standing at the door, waiting for them. The car stopped and Brenda was about to wake Nora up when Justin suddenly made a shushing gesture. 
Then, Brenda watched helplessly as Justin picked up the unconscious Nora and carried her upstairs slowly. Five minutes later, Justin walked down from upstairs. Brenda said, “Justin, you can’t really be a live-in son-in-law, right? When are you coming home?” 
Justin’s dark eyes glanced at her, and the mole at the corner of his eye flickered. He did not answer and asked, “It’s so late. Where did you guys go?” 
Brenda: “…Work.” 
Work… 
Justin knew that Brenda’s work was confidential, so he rarely asked about her work. However, when he saw Nora entangled with her today, he frowned. “What work?”
Brenda blinked and replied frivolously, “That… is our secret~ I can’t tell you!” 
With that, she stood up and left. 
When Nora woke up the next day, she casually picked up her phone and took a look. However, she suddenly realized that an unfamiliar number had sent her a message. “Do you want to know how you got pregnant back then? I can tell you the truth.”
###Chapter 471
Chapter 471 The Truth? 
How did she get pregnant… 
This had always been a mystery! Although Justin had once lied to her and said that she had taken the initiative to force him… Nora did not believe him. 
She was just too lazy to expose that man. 
After all, she was very confident in herself. She was sure that she would not lose such an important memory! Furthermore, she had investigated the recording of that day and she had indeed not left the house. 
They originally thought that someone had entered their house… but Justin did not have any memories of this either. 
It seemed like both of them had been schemed against. 
But why was she plotted against into having a child? 
She was silent for a moment before replying: “Tell me the truth.” 
The other party replied very quickly, but the content stunned Nora. “You just woke up?” 
This familiar and intimate tone! 
She narrowed her eyes slightly and stared at her phone. The other party seemed to have sensed that something was wrong, so another message followed quickly: “I waited a long time for your reply.” 
Nora: “…”
The other party seemed to hesitate. “What do you mean by ‘…’?” Nora: “…” 
Was this person looking for her to chat? 
The other party did not understand the way the Americans chatted. The other party did not seem to be American? 
At this thought, she replied: “Speak.” 
The other party: “I can’t tell you for just like that. How about this? Promise me one thing and I’ll tell you.” Nora: “?” 
The other party: “Americans are really strange. Why do you people always use punctuation to express your thoughts? Forget it. My condition is that as long as you join our organization, I will tell you the truth.” 
Nora: “…” 
Was this person a clown sent by a monkey? Her eyes turned cold as she replied: “I’m not interested.” 
The other party: “So you want your friend to go to jail?” 
Nora stared at the words on her phone and sneered. Her slender fingers tapped on the screen a few more times before replying, “The word compromise does not exist in my dictionary.” 
The other party: “It’s not a compromise. I just admire you very much. After all, you’re the world’s number one surgeon. Of course, if you join our organization, other than telling you the truth, I can also help you become stronger.” 
Nora: “?” 
She ignored this message and sent a text to Morris: “Have you found out?”
The moment she saw the other party’s message, the special department had already begun investigating the cell phone number. 
Morris replied: “…I can’t find anything. It’s a ghost account. The message was passed through several networks before it reached you, and our people can’t track it.” 
Nora: “…” 
How troublesome. The Special Case Department? They could not do a single thing? 
She turned on her computer and prepared to do it herself. 
She sent another message: “Why do you think you’re stronger than us?”. 
The other party: “You don’t have to worry about tracking me. With the level of those hackers in the country, you won’t be able to find anything unless it’s Q or Y from the Hacker Alliance. But forget it. Why am I telling you this? You probably don’t know about the Hacker Alliance, right?”. 
Nora chuckled softly. “Oh? What’s the Hacker Alliance?” 
As she replied, she captured the signal! 
Actually, the messages were very well hidden to be tracked with just a few messages. Even Nora could not capture it through one or two messages. 
Therefore, she had been trying to chat with him. 
Otherwise, she would not have wasted this time!
A new tracker appeared on the computer. It was the other party sending her another message: “You don’t have to worry about this. You just need to know that if you join us, you can choose any industry at will and reach the top!” 
The best in any industry… 
She narrowed her eyes. 
Was this organization really that powerful? 
It was no wonder they had attracted so many people! Morris’s special department had been established for many years, but they had not been caught… They were indeed a thorny existence. 
She was about to continue fishing for information when the other party suddenly sent another message. [The special department is investigating me? Do you think I will be found out just because you hired Y or Q? I have hackers who are comparable to Q and Y! No matter how good the kids from the special department are, they can’t compare to me!) 
[Also, how did they know that I contacted you? Did you tip them off?] [Haha, Nora, for your mother’s sake, I originally planned to have a good chat with you. But now, it seems like you really want to do this the hard way!) 
“Since that’s the case, let’s start with your friend! I can tell you clearly that there’s another reason for Hillary’s death. Unfortunately, I won’t give you the evidence, and since Hillary’s corpse has already been incinerated, you guys won’t be able to find any evidence. I’ll let you see your friend go to jail with your own eyes! This can be considered an appetizer for you for not appreciating my kindness!” 
Four messages were sent in succession. However, Nora did not look at the content of the messages. She kept following and tracking them!
Unfortunately, the tracking was suddenly intercepted. The other party should also be some expert hacker… 
Nora wanted to compete and find out the other party’s location. However, she did not expect the other party’s signal to suddenly disappear. 
He was running away without fighting! 
Nora frowned. At this moment, Morris called. His voice was very calm. “The signal suddenly disappeared.” 
Nora nodded and continued, “The other party sensed it and has already threatened me.” 
Morris was surprised. “What threat?” 
Nora said, “He wants to send Tanya to prison.” 
Morris asked, “What should we do now?” 
Nora sighed. “I was hiding the reason for Hillary’s death to lure the snake out of its hole. Now that he’s out, there’s nothing to hide! Of course, it’s to clear my friend’s name!” 
Morris agreed to this suggestion, but he seemed a little disappointed. “It’s a pity we couldn’t find their location.” 
“What’s a pity?” 
Nora suddenly smiled. “I found it.”
Morris was shocked. “You found it? How did you do it? Where is it?” Nora touched the tip of her nose. “Yes, I got a hacker friend to help. I’ll send you the exact location. You guys go and arrest them immediately.” 
“Okay.” 
Morris had just finished speaking and was about to say something when a chaotic sound came from the other end. 
Nora only vaguely heard Morris say, “Wait a minute.” Then, his voice became clearer. “Miss Smith, they’re really fast.” 
Nora was taken aback. “What’s the matter?” 
“Hillary’s death caused a sensation on the Internet. Everyone is now calling for the arrest of the murderer!”
###Chapter 472
Chapter 472 Flip the Case!! 
Nora smiled. “Internet?” 
“Yes,” Morris said. “But there are also some people who are scolding the dead. They say that she must be severely punished for stealing a child. She deserved to die! As a mother, Tanya was right. Please show mercy!” Back then, in order to snatch the child, Hillary had caused an uproar on the Internet. 
Now, she had suffered a backlash again. 
Even if the netizens did not know the truth and really thought that Tanya had killed her, they would feel that she deserved to die. 
The online consensus toward Hillary was not that great! 
Nora lowered her eyes and smiled. “Okay, then let’s reveal the truth!” 
“Okay.” 
Nora was about to hang up when the other party suddenly said, “About that…” 
Nora paused. “Yes?” 
The other party said, “Come to the department. First, you need to check the corpse and take a look at the blood report. Secondly… Elaine has been complaining about you.” 
“Tsk.” 
Nora said, “You want me to see her make a fool of herself?”
“…” Morris was silent for a moment before saying, “Elaine can be considered a colleague. Unfortunately, she made a huge mistake in this case. Don’t you want to know what’s going to happen to her?” 
“…I really do.” 
After all, she liked to see others get slapped in the face. Nora smiled. “Alright, I’ll come over now.” 
After hanging up, Morris sent her an address. It was an office building in New York. 
Nora ate some food and was about to leave when she saw Tanya sitting on the living room sofa, playing with Mia. 
Tanya was on bail now, so she applied for leave instead of going to school. She also applied for leave for Mia. The two of them could build a relationship at home. 
When she saw her, Nora suddenly thought of something. She stood up and went upstairs. When she came downstairs again, she was holding a box of labeled ointment in her hand. “Here.” 
Tanya took it. “This is?” 
“Medicine for treating scars.” 
When Tanya heard this, she was silent for a moment before taking the ointment and saying to her, “Thank you.” 
It was very embarrassing for a girl to have a big scar on her private parts. Fortunately, Mia was still young and could be saved. 
This box of ointment had been for Cherry when she was young. She had been naughty and accidentally cut her leg, leaving a scar. Nora had developed medicine to remove the scar. Cherry was fine after applying it for a month.
Although it was not packaged, it was filled with expensive herbs. 
Tanya naturally trusted her medical skills. 
Nora waved his hand. “You’re welcome.” 
With that, she touched Mia’s head and left. 
However, as soon as she went out, she saw Jill standing outside the Smiths’ house with the reporters. She was holding a sign in her hand with a few words written on it: “Murderers will die a horrible death! May the court judge Tanya!” 
The other reporters held their cameras. 
The reporters’ values were still correct. After Nora went out, they immediately surrounded her. 
“Miss Smith, are the Smiths really protecting Ms. Tanya?” 
“Although Ms. Tanya’s murder is pardonable, she is not a symbol of justice. It is wrong to kill someone in private. If the Smiths adhere to the law, they should send Ms. Tanya to court. I believe they will give a fair judgment! She will not be bailed out like this!” 
“Is it legal for you to bail Ms. Tanya out now?” 
III 
Amidst all kinds of questions, Nora turned back and looked at the Smiths. 
Although the butler could stop them and prevent them from entering and could even call the police to say that they were disturbing the residents, this would make the Smiths seem like they were bullying others. 
Her eyes turned and she suddenly smiled. “Of course, it’s legal.”
“Impossible!” a reporter said. “Ms. Tanya’s case has complete evidence. She’s not allowed to be bailed out!” 
Jill roared, “Yes, you’re clearly using the Smiths’ power to bail her out and plan to smuggle her out of the country! Don’t think I don’t know! I won’t let you succeed!” 
The others also said, “That’s right. How could they have bailed her out?”. 
Nora did not look at Jill, who had aged 10 years in a single day. Instead, she looked at the reporters and raised her eyebrows. “Since you don’t trust me so much, why don’t we go to the police station to take a look? I’ll get the Smiths to prepare a car and take everyone there.” 
When the reporters heard this, they looked at each other and finally nodded in unison. “Then let’s go take a look!” 
Nora nodded and instructed the butler behind her. 
Jill shouted, “You can’t go to the police station. You have to wait here with me. Let Tanya turn herself in! Go and get sentenced! You…” 
Unfortunately, the reporters had received benefits from the Smiths previously. In their hearts, the Smiths were reasonable and a good family. This time, going to the police station to check the bail procedures was also an important report, so everyone ignored her. In the end, the Smiths’ butler arranged a few cars and took this group of reporters and Nora to the police station beside the special department. 
The special department in New York was located in an office building. At first glance, it looked like a company. 
Right next to it was a police station.
Elaine was a government doctor and belonged to their system. Therefore, her complaints were registered in the police station. 
Nora had just gotten out of the car when she happened to see Elaine driving over. Her face was still swollen, and she looked very funny and ugly. 
The teeth in her mouth had fallen off, blurring her words. 
However, she saw the reporters behind Nora and heard the reporters questioning her. “Will they really show us her bail documents?” “Is Ms. Tanya’s bail really legal?” 
Elaine narrowed her eyes and suddenly took a step forward. She said to Nora, “Miss Smith! You came at the right time! I’m here to complain about you today! I know that you’re on a different mission from me, and your position is higher than mine! But does a high position allow you to beat up your colleagues at will?” 
At this point, she lowered her head and looked like she was about to cry. “I know you’re unhappy that your best friend has been arrested and has become a murderer. But I’m an upright forensic doctor. Hillary’s death is under my jurisdiction. Just because I showed evidence that is unfavorable to Ms. Tanya, are you going to take revenge on me?!”. 
As soon as she said this, the surrounding reporters immediately captured the information in her words. 
The reporters looked at Elaine and held microphones in front of her. They asked, “Madam, may I know what’s going on?” 
“How did Miss Smith become your colleague?” 
“Why did she beat you up?”
Elaine wiped her tears and looked up at Nora. “Miss Smith is a famous surgeon both domestically and overseas. She’s…” 
The special department was a mysterious existence and was not publicly known. 
Elaine paused for a moment before saying, “She was hired as a forensic doctor by our higher department. She used this privilege yesterday to transfer Ms. Tanya’s case from our police station. Ms. Tanya had already confessed and was waiting for her sentence. I didn’t expect that after she was transferred to Miss Smith’s department, she would actually be bailed out!” 
She said aggrievedly, “This is a case that I’m handling. I definitely won’t allow anyone to escape the law! Therefore, I came here today to get Miss Smith to withdraw from this case and return this case to us! I’ll make sure Ms. Tanya receives the normal sanctions of the law!” 
She was wearing a uniform, and her words were very trustworthy. 
Furthermore, Tanya’s bail was indeed abnormal. Coupled with Elaine’s swollen face and the content of her complaint… 
The reporters instantly believed her. 
They started to attack Nora again. 
“Miss Smith, is this the truth you want to show us?” 
“You’re hired as a forensic doctor, so you can use your authority to suppress others? I !” Nora stood in front quietly. Before she could say anything, her phone vibrated. Two messages were sent over. It was still that mysterious number. 
[Miss Smith, is it fun?]
(If you want to overturn the case, you can only beg me. If you call me master, I’ll help you. How about that?]
###Chapter 473
Chapter 473 Ms. Tanya Is Not a Suspect! 
Master? 
Was there something wrong with this person’s mind? 
Nora sneered. Her slender fingers tapped on the keyboard. “Call you what?” 
The other party: “Master.” 
Nora: “Good boy~” 
After sending this message, her phone exploded. The other party had sent several consecutive messages: 
[I’m not calling you Master. I’m asking you to call me Master!] 
[You’re doing this on purpose. You’re taking advantage of me!) (Heh, you still say she’s your best friend? I think you don’t care about her life or death at all! In that case, let your best friend go to jail! Not only your best friend, but everyone related to you will suffer!) 
(I want everyone around you to die!) 
The last message made Nora’s pupils shrink suddenly. 
She suddenly clenched her fists. 
Since the other party knew how she had gotten pregnant, it meant that they had orchestrated the whole thing!
Then they probably also knew that she had two children and that Justin was the child’s father… 
The words “everyone around you will die” made her anger rise. Her pretty face was cold as she typed word by word: “If anyone beside me loses a single hair, I will make your organization barren!” 
After sending the message, the other party seemed to be frightened by her tone and did not reply for a moment. 
However, Elaine was already fuming in front of her. “Miss Smith, is this your attitude when we talk to you? You keep playing with your phone and ignore us? Why? You’ve entered… the department and become a leader. Your priorities are higher than ours. Am I not worthy of talking to you?” 
Nora then put down her phone. She looked up and said calmly, “Why are you still so noisy if you know that?” 
Elaine: “?” 
She was stunned. She did not expect Nora to be so arrogant in front of her reporter friends! 
She said angrily, “People are not divided into levels. Even if your position is higher than mine, you’re too much! Furthermore, I’m about to apply to join you. When the time comes, we’ll be colleagues of the same level… No, according to my qualifications, I’ll be ranked higher than you. Why are you so arrogant?” 
Nora looked at her in surprise. “If people don’t differentiate between levels, why do you care so much about it?” 
Elaine: “!” 
Nora raised her almond-shaped eyes slightly and said again, “Also, I’m not looking down on you. I just… don’t want to talk to you.”
Elaine: “…” 
This woman spoke very little, but every now and then, she would say something that would make one choke to death! 
She said angrily, “I came here today to complain about you. What kind of attitude is this? Wait and see! I’ll look for your leader now!” 
Nora turned her body away. Her posture was still calm. “Oh, do as you please.” Elaine: “!” 
At this moment, knowing that Nora was here, Morris welcomed her personally. Dressed in a black jacket, it accentuated his narrow waist and long legs. He was tall and straight like a pine, making him look righteous. When he saw so many reporters at the door, he frowned and looked at the person beside him in dissatisfaction. “This is a heavily-guarded place. How can outsiders make a racket here?!” The security guards immediately understood and stopped the reporters. When Elaine saw this, she immediately said loudly, “Captain Ford, what’s the meaning of this? Our reporter friends are only here to seek justice. Is there anything we can’t announce to the public?” 
Morris immediately glanced at her. 
Elaine choked in fear. However, when she thought of her motive for coming here today, as well as the faint pain on her face that was still there until now, and the pain in her mouth because her teeth had dropped and were swelling up, she instantly shouted, “Captain Ford, you have to get Miss Smith to give me an explanation! I’m handling the case normally here, but she suddenly rushed over. I wanted to check if there was anything wrong with her identification documents. Besides, I only delayed her for a few seconds. Who asked her to come so late? Even if I gave in back then, it was too late! It was clearly her own mistake, but she still vented her anger on me!”
There was such a thing? 
When the reporters heard this, they immediately picked up their cameras and snapped photos. Someone even asked, “Sir, may I know what’s going on?” 
Elaine turned back to look at them. “Now that things have come to this, I’m also very angry, so I won’t help her hide it. Because the suspect is her friend, she used her authority to snatch the case away from our department and forcefully took the person away! This is really wrong! Captain Ford, Miss Smith is an external forensic doctor. Did you not tell her the rules of our system?” 
Morris’s expression instantly darkened. 
He narrowed his eyes and slowly said, “Doctor Elaine, this case involves our department. Our department’s nature is confidential to outsiders. I think it’s because you don’t know the rules, right?” 
Elaine’s heart sank when she heard this. 
The worst-case scenario had indeed happened. 
Morris had always been a protective person. Even if someone in his department made a mistake, as long as it was not a matter of principle, he would help them bear it. Now, he even protected Nora? 
Indescribable jealousy welled up in her! 
She looked at Morris and shouted, “Captain Ford, I know you’re protective of your team, but even so, are you going to protect someone who secretly let a suspect go?” 
A reporter took the lead and shouted, “That’s right. Do you always let murderers be released?” 
Morris looked at the reporters sharply. “Please watch your words. Ms. Tanya is not a suspect anymore!”
###Chapter 474
Chapter 474 I Want to Bicker with You! 
The reporters were stunned. “What?” 
Elaine also frowned and became a little flustered. She swallowed her saliva. “Captain Ford, y-you’re actually talking nonsense in order to protect your own people? This case was solved by our team. I participated in the treatment and autopsy of the deceased the entire time. It was clearly Tanya who poisoned her and caused her death! This is our team’s verdict. What do you mean she’s not a suspect. 
Morris frowned and looked at her. “The case has been handed over to us, so we’re in charge. I don’t need to report to you.” 
With that, he looked at the reporters. “I don’t need to report anything to you. However, in order to clear Ms. Tanya’s name, I will explain and clarify! 
We’re arresting a major criminal, and Hillary’s sudden illness in prison was caused by that person! 
Hillary’s true cause of death was not the drug Ms. Tanya used!” 
These words were spoken forcefully. Although there was no concrete evidence, the reporters were already shocked by Morris’s masculinity. No one dared to doubt such a fair man. 
The reporters did not dare to say anything. 
Elaine bit her lip. 
This case had been solved very quickly. Because of this, she had been praised by the team and had even gained a lot of experience.
She could only apply to join the special department because of this qualification, but now, Morris was saying that he wanted to overturn this case?! 
She did not dare to go head-to-head with Morris, so she expressed her surprise. “Captain Ford, are you mistaken? I was the one who wrote the autopsy report. She was only sick previously because of her spleen and stomach issues, which led to endocrine disorder! When she was unconscious, all her bodily functions were normal! How could she have suddenly died? You can’t just say whatever you want here. It’s wrong to accuse me of writing a wrong autopsy report!” Anyway, the body had already been burned. It was impossible for these people to get any evidence. 
We 
Elaine wanted to insist that her autopsy report was correct. Otherwise, she would have been severely negligent! 
After saying this, she looked at Nora and sighed. “Miss Smith, Captain Ford’s conclusion was given by you, right? But you’re a modern medicine doctor. It’s understandable that you couldn’t find out the reason for Hillary’s coma back then. But you can’t pretend to know something you don’t understand and spout nonsense here!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at her. Before she could say anything, Morris rushed to scold her. “I never speak nonsense! The reason I said this is because I have evidence! Hillary was injected with a new drug!” 
Evidence… 
Elaine swallowed. 
Only then did she suddenly realize that Nora stopping her from burning the corpse might really have been a request from the special department! In that case, did she really delay the important matters of
the special department? But even so, she could not admit it now! 
She frowned. “What new drug? When Hillary was sent to the hospital, I did a full body checkup for her. This new drug doesn’t exist at all. Her blood sample was normal!” 
When Nora heard this, she thought of the situation that Lily had investigated and slowly said, “The drug doesn’t produce any external effects when injected into the body. The equipment can barely detect it, either, but it will slowly take effect. It can cause a person to die suddenly in three to four days!” 
Tanya had injected a psychotic drug and caused Hillary to act up in advance. However, that was definitely not the reason for her death! When Elaine heard this, she felt even more guilty. However, she still braced herself and said, “How can you prove what you said? I have reason to suspect that you’re talking nonsense. How could there be such drugs! I’ve never even heard of it!” 
“Oh.” Nora smiled faintly. “Then you must be quite dumb.” 
Elaine: “…” 
She was furious. “Miss Smith, I suspect that you’re fabricating a reason! You said that the drug in her body will only act up in three to four days, but now that the corpse is gone, how can you prove it?”. 
After saying that, she looked at Nora proudly. 
As long as the body was gone, this case would be locked. There was no way to turn the tables! 
If she insisted on it, she could even continue to complain to the higher-ups that the special department was using their power to vent their personal desires! 
When the higher-ups blamed her, Captain Ford could only fire Nora, who was an external forensic doctor. Elaine herself could also take advantage of this wave of popularity to increase her qualifications
and enter the special department. 
Just as Elaine thought about this, she heard Nora say with a faint smile, “Who said that the corpse is gone?” 
Elaine was stunned. “What do you mean?” 
“It means that… the corpse is lying in the autopsy room of our special department,” Nora said lazily. “If you don’t believe me, Captain Ford can take you in for a walk?” Elaine: “!!!” 
She recalled that day. In order to quickly close the case, she had personally supervised the cremation. 
And because her corpse had already been burned, Nora even beat her up angrily! 
But it turned out… the corpse had not been burned at all! 
Nora was acting that day! 
She had even beaten her up… 
Anger surged in Elaine’s heart. “You stole the body?” 
me 
“What do you mean by stealing? If you don’t know how to talk, you should shut up. Can a corpse transferred away by the special department be considered stealing?” Brenda walked out of the special department in her beautiful seven-centimeter high heels. 
Her wavy hair was spread out behind her, her dress red and beautiful. When she walked, her waist twisted and turned, bringing with it her own charm.
Amorous. The word described her perfectly. 
When she saw Brenda, Elaine’s eyes instantly revealed fear. She took a step back and knew that she had offended the wrong person this time! 
However, she could not admit her fault. Therefore, Elaine patted her head immediately. “So this case really involves your secret department! But Captain Ford, Captain Brenda, why didn’t you say so earlier? If you had said so earlier, I wouldn’t have made this mistake! Also, when the deceased was sent to the hospital, I did a full body checkup. She was indeed in a coma because her body was out of tune. I never expected it to be like this!” 
She sighed. “This is all a misunderstanding. In that case, I won’t bicker with you. After all, you didn’t do it on purpose.” 
With that, she turned to leave. 
After all, the corpse had not been burned. They must have already obtained evidence! She could not hide her thoughts anymore. Now, she could only confirm that she had been careless and not talk about anything else. 
She had to get away from here as soon as possible. As for the matter of her being beaten… She gritted her teeth. She knew that she would not be able to take revenge today, but it was never too late to take revenge! When she found an opportunity, she would make Nora pay! 
Elaine quickly analyzed the pros and cons and made the right choice. She turned around and was about to leave when Nora said, “Wait a minute.” 
Elaine turned around and heard the girl say in a relaxed voice, “If you don’t want to bicker with me, I’ll bicker with you.”
###Chapter 476
Chapter 476 Frightening You~ 
In a luxury hotel in New York. 
A tall, slender, and thin figure sat there. Only his chin and lips were visible. His rosy lips looked a little bewitching. The corners of his lips were curled upward slightly, revealing a row of white teeth. His smile was as evil and charming as a little devil’s. 
When he saw the words “I’ve caught you”, his smile suddenly froze. He stood up abruptly and immediately said anxiously to the people on either side of him, “Quick, their men are here! Withdraw at once!” 
Everyone immediately packed their things. After gathering their little luggage with them, the group walked out with great momentum. 
But as soon as he reached the door, he suddenly stopped. Then, he slipped over to the window and looked down. After observing carefully, he suddenly broke into a grin and cursed angrily, “Shit! I almost got fooled by that woman again!” 
He paced back and forth in the room angrily while cursing under his breath. “How insidious! Cunning! Wily! Sly! …” 
After using those four terms, he seemingly couldn’t think of any more suitable words. After racking his brains, at last, he cursed angrily, “How clever! Smart! And alert! I absolutely have to turn her into my servant!” 
The people standing around protecting him were speechless. 
They really wished they could remind their little master that words like “smart”, “clever”, and “alert” were compliments…
But when they saw how angry he was, they wisely decided to shut up. 
Brenda leaned over and glanced at Nora’s phone. “Who are you texting? Surely you didn’t find yourself another handsome guy behind my cousin’s back? Nora, you mustn’t do something so uncool!” 
Nora: “?” 
She was about to say that she hadn’t when Brenda said, “Good things have to be shared. You mustn’t keep the handsome guy all to yourself if you’ve found one. Remember to share him with me.” 
Nora: “…” 
As it turned out, the Hunts had such powerful genes. No wonder Cherry was so obsessive about good- looking people. Those genes definitely didn’t come from her, nope. 
Nora handed her the phone. 
Brenda was puzzled when she saw the messages. “Didn’t we already check the address you gave us, Nora? It’s a large international hotel. There are foreign guests traveling to and from the country staying there. We have already checked the place out. More than 100 people checked in yesterday. We could only lock on to those 100 or so people and investigate them one by one, but we didn’t catch anyone at all!” 
“… Oh, I was just trying to scare him.” 
It was that idiot’s fault for talking to her like that every day. 
Brenda: “…” 
Nora added, “Besides, it may just trick him into appearing.”
Brenda raised her eyebrows. However, she understood what Nora meant the next moment. “If I were him, then I would definitely panic and want to withdraw immediately after seeing the message. In that case… whoever evacuates in a panic at this point would be who we’re looking for!” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah. It all depends on whether he falls for it or not.” 
For some reason, the person texting her gave Nora the feeling that he was some kind of funny idiot. The messages he sent made her feel as if he was pure and innocent, yet also evil and demonic. 
He was just like an unworldly little demon king who had innocently come to the human world to play. In a moment of pure curiosity, he had casually killed a few people. In his world, there was no good or bad, or right or wrong. To him, the only concept he had was whether something was fun or not… 
Otherwise, why would a normal person talk about making someone their servant or being someone’s master? He was so childish that it was laughable. 
Brenda and Morris immediately contacted the undercover officers who had surrounded the hotel, and told them to observe the place. In the end, the conclusion they came to was… 
Brenda said, “A few guests happened to be checking out of their rooms. Our men are currently following them, but from how they look, they don’t seem to be the ones we’re looking for.” 
“That’s normal, too.” Nora said, “He must already have his guard up since the first time I tricked him. This shows that his brain is at least functioning normally.” 
Brenda and Morris: “…” 
“But,” Nora’s lips curled upward slightly as she said, “It’s worth all the effort if it scares him.”
Brenda stepped forward and put her arm around her shoulders. “Nora, when I first saw you, I thought you were a cold and well-behaved girl. From how it looks like now, though, it seems that there are also times where I misjudge!” 
Which part of her was well-behaved? She was clearly mean and arrogant! 
She was merely wearing sheep’s clothing that made people think she was well-behaved, that’s all! It was all her almond-shaped eyes’ fault! 
Nora yawned and ignored her. Instead, she looked at Morris. “Let’s go to the hotel and have a look?” 
Morris nodded. “My thoughts exactly.” 
The two of them walked toward their respective cars. Brenda went after Nora and got into her car. “I wanna go too- After all, being in the company of a handsome guy like Captain Ford is a very enjoyable experience!” 
They had only met a few times, but Nora had already become immune to whatever she said. She ignored her completely and started the car. 
The car quickly arrived at the Grand Hotel Venice. 
Grand Hotel Venice was one of the few rare six-star hotels in New York. Those who stayed here were all either rich or noble. Some foreign businessmen also stayed there. 
The hotel lobby was luxuriously decorated. The leather sofas in the lounge area were of very good quality. 
After the three of them arrived, Brenda went to handle check-in procedures for a room. She said along the way, “The best way to monitor him is to infiltrate the enemy’s ranks! I shall stay here for the next
few days!” 
Then, she looked at Morris and raised her eyebrows. “Captain Ford, will I be reimbursed for the expenses?” 
Morris: “…” 
He said hesitantly, “It’s very dangerous for a woman to stay here by herself. How about…” 
“That’s… not quite a good idea, is it?” Brenda suddenly said shyly, “Is Captain Ford thinking of staying here with me? But that would make us a couple staying together…” 
The corners of Morris’ lips spasmed. He couldn’t help but keep feeling like Captain Brenda was a little unreliable. He said, “You’ve misunderstood, Captain Brenda. What I mean is, I’ll be the one staying here instead.” 
Brenda looked at him. Her beautiful eyes blinked, and then she smiled and said, “You’re thinking of enjoying life here on the pretext of working, aren’t you? I won’t be fooled! You have two choices-either we stay here together, or I stay here by myself~” 
“… You can stay here, then.” 
Nora did not consider staying in the hotel at all. She merely took out her cell phone-sure enough, the person without a phone number had sent her another text message: ‘Thinking of tricking me? No way! Heh heh.’ 
Nora replied: “I wasn’t tricking you. I’m in the hotel lobby right now. Do you dare to come down here?” 
After sending the message, she provoked him again:
“Oh, I forgot. You are just someone unfit to be seen in public, so how would you possibly dare to come and meet me, right?” 
In a room upstairs. 
“Shit!” The man was infuriated. He walked straight to the door and said to his subordinates in bad English, “She’s provoking me! But I have to go down because I am not a coward! I’m going to catch her, bring her up here, and make her kneel down and beg me for mercy!!” 
###Chapter 477
Chapter 477 I’m Q 
When the men heard him, they panicked and stopped him. “Sir, you can’t-“ 
But before he could finish, the man pushed him aside. “Step aside and let me out! I’m not going to let that little fatty look down on me today!” 
The men weren’t as strong as him, so he broke free easily. He walked toward the elevator hall outside. 
At the sight, the men looked at one another and suddenly said, “It seems like we can only rely on the old method again.” 
– 
Nora waited for a while after she sent the message. 
The other party’s thoughts were very pure like a child’s. Although he had a high IQ, provocation might still work on him. Unexpectedly, though, not only did he not come down, but he did not even reply to the message. In the midst of her hesitation, a familiar figure suddenly walked out of the hotel’s elevator hall. 
Nora was a little taken aback to see him. 
It seemed like the other party had also spotted her. His eyes lit up and he walked over. While walking over, he held a handkerchief over his mouth and coughed a few times. 
Seemingly having coughed up something, he glanced at the handkerchief. Then, he folded it and placed it in his pocket. He walked over with a gentle smile and said, “I wasn’t expecting to see you here, Ms. Smith.”
Nora was taken aback. “Mr. Gray?” 
The person in front of her was none other than Anthony Gray’s uncle, Caleb Gray! 
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked around. She asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Caleb coughed again and said, “I have a client here… I’m here to discuss a business deal with him about herb purchase. Cough, cough, cough… It’s been a long while since I last saw you, Ms. Smith, but you are still as radiant as ever. What are you doing here, though?” Before Nora could speak, Brenda suddenly rushed in between the two of them. After looking left and right, she patted Nora on the shoulder and said, “Hey, how sneaky of you, Nora!” 
But before she could finish, Nora said, “This is my ex-fiance’s uncle.” 
The rest of Brenda’s words were pushed back down her throat. 
Caleb coughed another couple of times and smiled. His rich and mellow voice was very pleasant. “That makes me sad, Ms. Smith. Aren’t we friends?” 
He thought that she was being too distant while introducing him just now. Nora thought for a moment. The two of them had talked quite a few times by now, so she nodded and replied, “I guess we are.” 
Caleb sighed and shook his head dotingly. “You sound a little too much like you’re forcing yourself to say that.” 
Nora smiled. Suddenly, she said, “If this was a text, my response would probably be a series of ellipses right now.” 
Caleb held his forehead and said, “Am I rendering you so speechless that you don’t want to talk to me anymore, Ms. Smith?”
Nora stared into his eyes. When she saw that he looked normal and comfortable when he said that, she smiled and replied, “Not at all.” 
Caleb seemed like he wanted to talk to her a little more, but after checking the time, he said, “I wanted to invite you for a meal to thank you for your help with my pharmaceutical company’s registration the other time, but I have a business meeting later, so… next time?” 
Nora stepped aside. “Let’s do that next time.” 
Caleb walked past her. The man was wearing a black suit. He was already 29 years old after all, so he looked exceptionally mature and gentle. Nora was staring at him from behind when Brenda stretched out her hand and waved in front of her. “Stop staring at him, he’s already gone! With such a handsome and gentle guy like him, why did you choose a stick-in-the-mud like Justin? He isn’t romantic at all.” 
IIII 
Nora retracted her gaze and looked at Morris. 
Morris nodded. He held his hand over his earphone and spoke into it in a low voice. Two minutes later, he said, “He is indeed here for a business meeting. The other party is a medicinal herb merchant from overseas. He also has another business meeting later.” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that. 
She had suspected Caleb of being the mysterious person just now. 
However, Caleb spoke very elegantly and his words were all very appropriate. He differed too much from the mysterious person who didn’t know much English. 
Moreover, she had deliberately brought up the topic of ellipses to sound him out just now. 
Caleb also understood the meaning of ellipses.
Therefore, it should be okay to rule him out… right? While thinking about it, she lowered her head and looked at her cell phone again-the other party still hadn’t replied to her message yet. 
The three of them waited for a few hours in the hotel lobby. 
Seeing that there still weren’t any clues-in fact, the other party wasn’t even sending messages to Nora anymore-Nora stood up and said, “The two of you can continue standing guard here. I’m going back first.” 
Brenda nodded immediately. “A third wheel like you should have left a long time ago, Nora. Captain Ford and I will be fine by ourselves here!” 
After Nora left, Brenda took out her cell phone and picked up a call. “Nora has already left and is going home now, Justin! What is she doing? Can’t you just ask her? What are you asking me for? It’s not like she’s gonna be in bed with me…” 
Beep… beep… beep… 
The disconnected tone rang out on the other end of the line. Brenda curled her lips disdainfully. “What a prude. He can’t even take a joke.” 
— 
Nora drove back to the Smiths. As soon as she entered, she saw Justin waiting for her in the parking lot. The man stared at her, making Nora feel as if she was being caught fooling around with another man. 
She got out of the car and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
“Waiting for you.”
The man answered casually and naturally. Then, he turned and followed beside her. “What are you investigating lately?” 
Nora thought for a while and replied, “How I became pregnant.” 
She glanced at Justin. Sure enough, the man touched his nose guiltily after hearing her answer. 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “C’mon, spill. What kind of evidence do you exactly have, and how far have your investigations gone?” 
Justin must have also fallen victim to someone’s schemes back then. If not, he would not have hated Pete’s mother so much back then, let alone not know who she was. 
Seeing that she seemed to be aware of everything now, Justin sighed and said, “Actually, I was telling the truth in the beginning.” 
The beginning… 
In other words, Justin had indeed been unconscious for a while at that time. But if he was unconscious, and also had no memory of what he did, then how did she get pregnant? 
While Nora was thinking about it, her cell phone beeped twice. 
She lowered her head and picked it up-it was another text message from the unknown number: ‘Haha, when I went downstairs, you were already gone!’ 
Nora: “…” 
‘Although you made me really angry, I am still willing to give you a chance and show you how strong our department is.’ ‘I have already unleashed my second big move. Are you ready?’ Nora: “?” 
Why was he talking like he had serious eighth-grader syndrome?!
He had targeted Tanya the first time. Who would he target for his second big move? 
While thinking about it, she saw Joel suddenly hurrying out of his room. He had a serious look on his face and was walking quickly to the car. Before Nora could say anything, he drove off. 
It looked like… something had gone wrong? 
— 
The Smith Corporation was in an utter mess. 
As soon as Joel entered the office, the people in the IT department said, “Mr. Smith, this is simply too bizarre. Our network suddenly went kaput without any warning! All the computers have also been infected with viruses. I’ve pulled out the network cables, but it didn’t seem to be working. The invader is using a very powerful virus…” 
Joel took a deep breath. “Where’s Speedy?” 
Speedy was a hacker that the Smiths had hired. One could say that he was the Smiths’ treasure. 
Legend had it that the Hunt Corporation had paid a high price and hired Y as their network consultant. As a result, no one dared to invade the Hunt Corporation. 
As for the Smith Corporation, their hacker was Speedy. 
The manager of the IT department said, “The master is trying to fix the network, but I think it’s hard to say how it’ll turn out this time!” 
The IT manager frowned and said, “The other party is very aggressive and also has very solid skills. We suspect that they are a well-known hacker!!”
As the manager spoke, Joel entered the room, upon which he saw Speedy, who was pulling a long face, trying to repair the network. However, the computer screen suddenly blacked out. 
Someone had invaded the network! 
Speedy had no chance of repairing the network at all. 
When Joel saw this, he walked up to behind Speedy and said, “Ask him who he is.” 
Someone who could beat Speedy would undoubtedly be very skilled! 
After all, Speedy and Solo were equally famous! 
Speedy got it. Mr. Smith was planning to negotiate with the other party. 
He typed: ‘Who are you?’ 
The other party replied: ‘I am Q.’ 
Joel narrowed his eyes. 
In the hotel room. 
Someone asked, “Why are you claiming to be 
Q, sir?” 
The man sat there with a wicked smile at the corner of his lips. He replied, “Because Q is someone who doesn’t surf the Internet very much, so no one can find him. His name can also instill fear in people. Besides, if I say that I’m Q, they won’t think of going to the real Q for help. Of course, our hacker toy is
indeed not bad. It seems that she has managed to adapt to the genetic modification drug- She’s much more useful than Hillary Jones! That piece of trash wasted a dose of my drug! Hmph! 
“But since the Smiths’ network can’t be used anymore, they’ll have to listen to me now! Haha!” 
He leaned triumphantly against the sofa and held both hands behind his head. “Say, if a huge company can’t use the Internet, how are they going to operate? Will my little servant come and beg me now 
“Tsk, I’m suddenly really looking forward to it!” 
He sat upright and added, “By the way, tell our new toy to give them some more goodies as best as they can! We must drive them into a corner! This way, I would be able to negotiate with my little servant-!” 
“… Yes, sir.” 
After he left, a voice suddenly rang out faintly in the room. 
A rich and mellow voice reprimanded, “Stop messing around!” 
“How am I messing around? Don’t you find this very fun? Also, what makes you think you can order me about? I am the little master! I have the final say in everything! Go away, you sickly guy!” 
The people standing guard outside didn’t react even when they heard the conversation. It was as if they had already long since become accustomed to it.
###Chapter 478
Chapter 478 Ungrateful 
“Sigh. Mr. Gray is the only one who can keep the little master in check a little.” 
“Yeah. It’s all thanks to Mr. Gray today. Otherwise, the little master would really have run all the way down…” 
The people guarding the door couldn’t help sighing 
– 
“Q?” In the Smith Corporation’s office, Speedy was stunned. He looked at the alphabet on the screen with great surprise. “Q is the current leader of the Hacker Alliance. Y is the only one in the world who can contend against him. But Y has already announced that he will not go against Q… So Q and Y can pretty much be said to be invincible!” 
Everyone else in the IT department didn’t dare speak when they heard what Speedy said. All of them looked at Joel. 
Joel stared at the screen. He looked calm as he typed: ‘Mr. Q, may I know what you are after?’ 
The other party: ‘I want you to go bankrupt, haha.’ 
His reply was filled with hostility, which caused the entire IT department to panic for a while there. 
Joel narrowed his eyes and continued typing: ‘Is there some kind of misunderstanding between us?’ 
The other party: ‘Not with you.’ 
Joel: ‘Then who is it?’
The other party: ‘Your younger sister.’ 
Joel wrote: ‘What did my sister do to offend you?’ 
The other party: ‘Hmph, I took a fancy to her and want her to be my servant, but she is actually being so ungrateful!’ 
Joel: “?” 
He narrowed his eyes and typed: “Well, that’s certainly pretty ungrateful.” The other party: “Right? So many people dream of becoming my servant, but I never agree. How dare she refuse me when I chose her?” 
Joel: “What I mean is, you’re pretty ungrateful.” 
The other party fell silent. 
Joel continued to type: ‘It’s for your own good that I’m forbidding the Smith Corporation’s young missy from becoming your servant.” The other party: ‘How so?’ 
Joel replied: “I’m afraid that she’ll drive you to your grave.” 
The other party: “!!!” 
The lip corners of the staff standing behind Joel couldn’t help but spasm. Their boss was simply too sharp-tongued. However, they didn’t dare to say anything, and could only look at one another. 
The other party soon sent another reply: ‘What does that mean? My life expectancy will be shortened? Why?’ 
Joel: “?”
A question mark appeared above his head before he realized that the other party might be a foreigner, so he might not understand certain English phrases. 
Thus, Joel changed to a straightforward choice of words. He wrote: ‘What I mean is, you are not blessed enough to have her around! Neither are you worthy of it!’ The other party understood this time. His speed of response clearly became fasterobviously, he had become a little angry. He wrote: “Since you are so reluctant to part with your sister, then you’ll have to suffer my anger! In this age of the Internet, I wonder how many days the Smith Corporation can survive without the Internet?” 
“Haha, I’m really looking forward to seeing how the second biggest company in the country takes step after step towards its doom!” 
Joel narrowed his eyes. He wanted to say more, but the other party obviously couldn’t be bothered to argue with him anymore and had turned off the computer screen. 
In an instant, all the computers in the Smith Corporation went down and could not be turned on anymore. 
Joel got up. Speedy sat in front of the computer and started to repair the network again. However, he was sweating profusely. How could he possibly be a match for the top hacker Q? 
Speedy felt immense pressure. He suddenly stood up and said, “Mr. Smith, I… I’m not doing this anymore.” 
Joel looked at him sharply. “Are you unable to do it? Or are you afraid of doing it?” 
Speedy swallowed and replied, “Both, I guess! Q and Y are the leaders of the Hacker Alliance. If I offend him, I’ll have a hard time in the Hacker Alliance in the future!” 
Joel frowned. “As far as I know, the Hacker Alliance does not restrict your work, nor does it require you to avoid going against Q and Y.” 
Speedy lowered his head. “Yes, there are no clear rules, but if I offend my boss, I won’t be able to stay in this line of work anymore. I’m sorry.” Joel stared at him and suddenly said, “You don’t usually do much work, do you? But the Smith Corporation pays you a huge amount every year. Do you think we give you that money so that you can easily quit on us during crucial moments like these?” 
Speedy frowned when he heard him. He said, “Mr. Smith, I have a good suggestion for you now, and that is to get Ms. Smith to admit her mistake and give in to the other party. The servant and master talk is probably just a joke! There is no need for the Smith Corporation to fight them just because of a joke.” 
Joel’s expression turned cold. “I am the head of the Smith Corporation. Your task is to repair the network for me!” 
Speedy swallowed and suddenly walked to the door. “Mr. Smith, I can’t do this! I’m leaving!” 
The IT manager frowned as he watched Speedy leave. He asked, “Mr. Smith, if even Speedy leaves, what are we going to do next?!” 
Joel lowered his eyes. 
Speedy was simply too unprofessional! He had gotten cold feet and escaped just because of fear. Joel had really misjudged him. He slowly said, “Continue trying to repair the network. I will think of something!” 
After speaking, he looked at the panicked employees at a loss around him and said calmly, “None of the Smith Corporation’s revenue comes from telecommunications. Our businesses are all in the physical industry. What’s there to be scared of even without the Internet? It’s just a 30% loss!” 
After making the bad-ass statement, Joel left, planning to ask Nora what was going on
###Chapter 479
Chapter 479 Do You Have A Feud With Q? 
The Smith Corporation’s situation actually wasn’t as good as how Joel had put it just now. 
The physical industry was currently in decline in the States whereas new media networks were flourishing. The Smith Corporation had also opened a few companies doing online businesses. 
All the servers were in the Smith Corporation. Once the servers went down, those in other places… 
He had only just thought of that when someone hurried over and said, “Mr. Smith, our games’ players are all sending feedback that they can’t access the games. They are threatening to uninstall the apps!” 
“Mr. Smith, the live-streamers on our live-streaming app are asking why they can’t access the app and what’s wrong with the servers!” 
“Mr. Smith, we had to make a fund transfer for the big deal today, but now that there is no Internet, we can’t complete the transfer…” 
All sorts of problems came one after another. 
Joel got his subordinates to deal with them one by one, and then he entered his office. 
It was already evening by then. The troubled Joel rubbed his temples and took out his cell phone. His finger was already on Nora’s number when his executive assistant pushed the door open and came in. “Mr. Smith, we are trending on social media!” 
Joel was surprised. 
He closed the call app and went to take a look at the trending topics on social media first.
There were five to six trending topics, such as #SmithCorporationServersBreakDown, #SmithCorporation GetsHacked, #XXMobileGameServerDown, and so on. They occupied the first few places among the most popular topics. 
Obviously, someone had paid money to make them trend. 
Comments had already exploded: 
“Oh my god, has something gone wrong with the Smith Corporation’s network? Can we still trust the Smith Corporation?” 
“Why were they hacked? Do they take cyber security so unprofessionally when they are such a big company?”. 
“My personal information registered with the Smith Corporation won’t be stolen, right?” 
“This is unacceptable! How can they still call themselves the second-best enterprise in the country when this is all they can do? Is a company whose network defenses were breached so easily really trustworthy?!” 
“This is too much! I finally took time off today to play games for a whole day, yet they are suddenly telling me that the server is down, so I can’t log in? What the hell? I’m uninstalling this! Goodbye!” 
All sorts of rumors flew all about the Internet. 
Everyone in the company could only keep watch on the ongoings with their own Internet hotspots. All of them were terribly anxious, yet also helpless. 
The IT department was even starting to call up people for help. However, the moment IT experts heard that it was Q targeting them, no one dared to come over and help.
The people in the IT department had no choice but to work overtime! But no matter how hard they tried, they simply weren’t the other party’s match! 
Q was constantly online. Once they found a flaw and fixed it, Q would attack again. It was impossible for them to guard against him! 
Everyone panicked. 
“Mr. Smith, this is terrible! Our stocks are plummeting!” 
His executive assistant delivered another piece of bad news. All the trending topics about their server downtime had finally ushered in the most terrifying crisis for the Smith Corporation! 
Once the stocks reached the lower limit, their company would be in danger! 
Joel narrowed his eyes and said, “Find a way to intercept Q and stop him from damaging the servers further for now. I will look for someone to help.” The assistant nodded. Just as he was about to leave, someone pushed the door open again. It was Samuel. 
He looked at Joel furiously. “What’s the matter with the Smiths’ stocks? The price has fallen so much! Are all the people the Smiths are raising all rubbish? They can’t even repair a lousy Internet network?” 
Behind him was his executive assistant’s assistant. She looked absolutely flustered as she said, “I’m sorry, Mr. Smith. I couldn’t stop him.” 
Joel glanced at her and then looked at his executive assistant. 
The executive assistant nodded and left the office with his assistant.
Samuel sat opposite him. “I heard that it’s Nora who offended Q? I knew that the woman was a jinx! She caused so much trouble the moment she returned to the family! Since they are just doing this because they’re angry, how can you still fight him so stubbornly and put our entire business at stake?! Our stocks are plummeting right now, and it is very likely that we’ll be delisted after hitting the lower limit! The Smith Corporation is a listed company, it is not something you can use to defend her for her nonsense!” 
Joel corrected him. “He claims that he is Q, but he may not necessarily really be Q. I am already looking for someone to confirm his identity.” 
Samuel was so furious that he was dumbfounded. “How would he be able to take down our network and put so many people at a loss if he wasn’t Q? Besides, why would he pretend to be Q? Just what are you thinking about all day long?! Is the problem him being a right now?” 
Joel ignored him. Instead, he took out his phone to confirm something first. He dialed Nora’s number. “Nora, I heard that there’s some bad blood between you and Q? What exactly happened?
###Chapter 480
Chapter 480 She Isn’t Q 
At the Smiths. 
At the sight of Joel rushing out as though there was some kind of trouble going on, Nora narrowed her eyes. She felt that it might have something to do with herself. 
She turned and walked to the car, planning to go to the company to take a look. 
Unexpectedly, before she could get into the car, Cherry and Pete rushed over and clung to one of her legs each. 
Cherry raised her head. “Mommy, where were you the whole day? Why didn’t I see you?! I miss you so much!” 
Pete didn’t say anything, but his eyes, as he looked at Nora, were full of attachment. 
Nora: “…” 
To be honest, she had never neglected Cherry just because she was busy with work. At the most, she wouldn’t spend time with her to make up her sleep hours. 
However, Cherry was by her side even when she was asleep. Therefore, it was true that the two children rarely saw Nora so busy that she didn’t even come home. 
Nora ruffled Cherry’s hair. “Mommy has something important to do. Let Mommy go first, OK?” 
Cherry bit her lip. “But I miss Mommy!” 
Nora looked at Justin helplessly.
The man sighed, and a hint of a doting look appeared on his handsome face. He thought about it for a moment and then said, “Alright, let Mommy go to work. Daddy will accompany you to sleep tonight, okay?” 
Cherry and Pete could only nod. 
Nora finally got into the car and went after Joel. However, his car was already out of sight. After a moment’s thought, she went one round and finally headed towards the Smith Corporation. 
– 
After tucking both the children to bed, Justin went out. 
As soon as he came out, he picked up his phone and called Brenda. She picked up very quickly. “What now, Justin?” 
There was a very cold look in Justin’s eyes. “Has Nora met with some kind of trouble?” 
Otherwise, given how much she loved sleeping, she would be asleep with her children at home at this time! 
Brenda replied, “No, we’re just trying to solve a case.” 
Justin subconsciously asked, “Would she still be out this late if all you guys are doing is trying to solve a case?” 
Brenda, however, laughed when she heard what he said. “My word, Justin, do you know what you sound like? You sound like a housewife who waited at home the whole day, but her husband didn’t come home in the end! Hahahaha! Are you feeling lonely?” 
Justin: “…”
Had it been any other time, he would have hung up on her a long time ago. But when he thought about Nora, he nevertheless said, “Tell me what it is.” 
Brenda replied, “… I can’t tell you about it. It’s confidential.” 
Upon hearing the word ‘confidential’, Justin immediately realized even further how important the matter was. 
He didn’t say anything else, much less force Brenda into making a mistake at work. Instead, he disconnected the call and prepared to enter their system on his cell phone to take a look. 
But before he could, his phone rang. It was Lawrence. 
When he answered, Lawrence said, “Mr. Hunt, something has happened to the Smiths.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. “What’s the matter?” 
Lawrence replied, “Ms. Smith supposedly offended Q, so Q has approached the Smith Corporation, hacked into their entire network, and is giving them a lot of trouble! He wants Ms. Smith to bow down and apologize!” 
A lot of people from the IT department had seen the content of Joel’s chat with the other party that time. 
Although it wasn’t spread to outsiders, it was nonetheless easy for people in the industry to find out if they wanted to. 
Lawrence was a source of gossip himself, so he knew all the news about everyone. 
Justin, however, frowned and said, “He isn’t
“He isn’t Q.” 
At the same time, Nora, who had just arrived at the lobby of the office building, also received a call from Joel. Upon hearing what Joel said, she immediately gave that answer calmly and coldly. 
Joel was not surprised. “Then who is he?” 
“… A psycho.” 
“… Well, if it’s not Q, then I will continue looking for other people for help.” 
After confirming that the other party was not Q, the rest of the hackers would dare to help now. 
Joel completely believed what she said. He immediately started arranging for an assistant to spread the news that the hacker was not Q. 
Samuel was furious as he listened at the side. “Joel! Is he not Q just because she says he isn’t? Who else can beat Speedy so quickly besides Q and Y?! No one else in the world is that good at hacking!” 
Joel glanced at him. “Granduncle Samuel, I have things to attend to here. If there’s nothing else you want, then you can leave now!” 
Samuel became even more furious. “Joel, I’m saying this for the company’s sake! It’s not worth risking the Smiths for the sake of a child who wasn’t even raised by the Smiths!” 
Joel looked at him and suddenly smiled. “I think she’s worth doing so.” 
Samuel wanted to say more, but Joel was already looking out the door aggressively. He ordered, “Take him outside!” 
“Yes, sir!”
His executive assistant rushed into the office with bodyguards and surrounded Samuel. 
Samuel shouted at him angrily, “Joel, you are even more authoritarian than Ian! This is too much! Too much!! With a CEO like you, the Smiths will be finished sooner or later!” 
He was dragged out of Joel’s office. 
Outside the door to the CEO’s office on the top floor were several managers waiting to report urgent work-related news. When Samuel saw them, he immediately yelled, “Did all of you see that? He’s such a bastard! 
“The person that Nora offended is not Q? Hah, he must really be blind! He’s going head-to-head with an international hacker just for the sake of venting his anger! He must be out of his mind!” 
The managers were also stunned when they heard that the hacker was not Q. 
Someone asked, “Who can it be, if not Q?” 
Y was the external help that the Hunt Corporation had hired, so it was impossible that he would attack them. Therefore, this must definitely be Q! 
It was impossible for there to be a third hacker in the world who could match Q and Y! 
Someone whispered, “Mr. Smith must have become muddleheaded, right?” 
“Yes, I also think so…” 
When Samuel heard their questions, his voice immediately became even louder. “He has already proven that he’s Q with his hacking prowess! But what about you?”
He shouted at the office door, “The Smith Corporation is indeed not afraid of a hacker, but in order to vent your anger on the hacker, you have made the company suffer so many losses. Who is going to bear the responsibility for all those things on the Internet and the damage to our reputation? Also, is he not Q just because you say so? Do you have any evidence? All you’re doing is babbling nonsense. Do you think that Q will become ours just by saying that?” 
While heading upstairs, Nora had already learned what had happened through the Internet. 
When she finally arrived upstairs, she immediately heard Samuel’s mocking shouts directed at the CEO’s office. 
She smiled sarcastically, lowered her voice, and slowly said, “He is indeed not Q.” 
Samuel suddenly looked at her and said, “Is he not Q just because you say so? You make it sound as if you know where Q is!” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile and she let out a low chuckle. “I sure do.”
###Chapter 481
Chapter 481 Nora Smith Is Q! 
Surprised, Samuel and everyone else looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Someone swallowed hard. “Y-you know where Q is?” 
Nora did not speak any more. Instead, she pushed the door open and entered the room. 
Joel was sitting there quietly waiting for her. From the way he looked, he didn’t seem anxious at all. He looked clear and confident about what he was doing. 
Nora had thought that she would see him tired and haggard, but unexpectedly, he was actually so calm. She raised her eyebrows. 
Joel smiled. “You’ve come.” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora stood right beside him. “How did you know I would come over?” 
Joel replied, “When Jill asked me to arrange for a position in the company for her nephew the other time, I knew at once that you would definitely have a back-up plan. Come on, spill it, what are you planning to do?” 
Nora: “…” 
She kicked Joel’s chair lightly to indicate to him to step aside. Joel stood up. When Nora sat down, she asked curiously, “What if I didn’t have a back-up plan? After all, the other party is saying that they’re Q, you know!”
Joel stood beside her and smiled. “Do you think that restricting our Internet alone is enough for one to have the Smith Corporation’s destiny in their hand when I’ve already been in the company for so many years?” 
As though he was teaching her, Joel explained patiently, “One must have everything within their control. Since the Smith Corporation does not have a world-class top hacker, our main form of business mustn’t be Internet-related! This way, even if the company’s network is down, the breakdown will only have minimal influence and will not affect the whole company’s operations. As for the stocks… I naturally also have ways to counterattack and even things out.” 
Enlightened, Nora gave Joel a thumbs up. “Impressive.” 
Joel rested one hand on the table and his other on the chair. As he stood behind Nora and watched her turn on the computer, he couldn’t help but ask, “Do you know Q?”. “… Yeah, I suppose you can say that.” Joel couldn’t help but say, “If they are reliable, can you find a way to hire him as a cyber security consultant for the Smith Corporation?” He sighed and said, “The Hunt Corporation has Y guarding them, so they are not afraid of attacks from any hackers, which has made their operations in this aspect very smooth. I just don’t know how Justin managed to get a top hacker like Y to become so loyal to them. I also don’t understand why he trusts Y so much…” 
Joel sighed emotionally and added, “In this respect, it’s a weakness for the Smith Corporation. Uncle Ian had only assigned Quentin to the hidden forces since the rest of your cousins were all unreliable. He’d originally planned to train and groom Louis into a hacker, but he instead became interested in games… In the end, the Smith Corporation does not even have a top-class hacker that we can trust!” 
By then, Nora had successfully turned on the computer. As she placed her hands on the keyboard, the corners of her lips suddenly curled upward a little. “Joel,” she said. 
Joel paused. “Hmm?”
An unorthodox glint flashed in Nora’s almond-shaped eyes. “The Smith Corporation does now.” 
Joel was taken aback. 
His first thought was that Nora must be very familiar with Q, so Q would be a very reliable ally… He was about to speak when he saw Nora’s fingers flying across the keyboard at high speed. 
As she implemented coercive measures against the hacker, the dark screens slowly started lighting up. 
The screen was still black, but it was unlike the unresponsive screens from just now where nothing happened no matter what keys they pressed. Together with the rapid movements of Nora’s fingers, rows and rows of programming code moved up the screen. 
It was so fast that Joel couldn’t even see what exactly she was typing… Utterly stunned, he looked at Nora in disbelief. 
For a moment, he felt that his cousin’s profile looked so serious and determined. There was a strange charm and confidence in the unorthodox smile on her lips. 
It wasn’t blind confidence she had; rather, it was strong and powerful confidence that she had in her own abilities! 
A thought suddenly formed in his mind, and a surprised and astounded Joel slowly asked, “You… you’re Q?” 
He thought of how calm Nora had been right from the beginning. Originally, he’d thought it was because she had already made arrangements for everything. For example, perhaps she knew the real Q and was able to get Q to help them tide through the difficult situation. 
Or perhaps, Nora had borrowed Y from the Hunt Corporation!
Joel had imagined all sorts of scenarios, but he’d never once thought that Nora might be Q herself! 
How could this be…? 
She was already the world-famous number one surgeon domestically and internationally!! Nora took aggressive measures and cut off the enemy’s virus attack, allowing the computer in front of her to function normally. In fact, she had even repaired the servers as well. They were currently in the midst of restarting, which would take a certain amount of time. 
Nora had easily resolved the Smith Corporation’s Internet crisis in under ten minutes! 
She stretched, turned her head sideways to look at Joel, and nodded. “Yeah.” 
Joel: “…” 
He was a little dumbfounded. 
At this point, the deputy CEO knocked on the door. He poked his head in and asked softly, “Mr. Smith, since Ms. Nora has said that she knows Q, can she ask Q for help?” 
Joel raised his brows. 
The deputy CEO said, “All the computers in the company are still unusable at the moment. Everyone uses them for work, so no one can’t work normally right now.” 
Joel looked at Nora. 
“One hour,” said Nora. 
Joel looked at the deputy CEO. “Give all the employees a day off. They can come for work as per usual tomorrow.”
When the deputy CEO heard this, he glanced at Nora with a complex look. Then, he turned around and went out. 
After he left, Joel asked, “Is an hour enough for you to restore everyone’s computers?” 
“Oh,” Nora flexed her wrists and said, “I only need five minutes.” 
Joel: “!” 
Nora put her hands on the keyboard again. “I asked for an hour because I’m planning to have some fun with the other party. While I’m at it, I will also… catch them.” 
Joel: “…” Nora had already decided to play along with them a long time ago. When Jill sent her nephew into the company, she had already sensed something. 
Therefore, she had long since known that something might go wrong with the Smith Corporation. She had allowed it to drag on all the way until now just so she could get the mastermind behind the scenes to surface. 
Needless to say, she naturally knew that the one surfacing was just a high-level hacker in the mysterious organization. It was the easiest for one to expose their identities in online battles, so the “little master” whom she had been exchanging text messages with might not be with the hacker at the moment. 
But every little bit counted, regardless! 
At this moment, her phone vibrated. 
She picked it up and took a look-sure enough, the little psycho had sent another message: ‘My little servant, do you like my gift to the Smith Corporation?’
Nora’s lip corners quirked upward. She wrote: ‘Yeah, I like it quite a lot.’ 
After all, it had exposed another member of his organization!
###Chapter 483
Chapter 483 A Fake Will Always Be A Fake 
It seemed like Yvonne really wanted to show off her achievements, so she started to show them the trending topics on social media that day on the computer. 
There were few new trending topics, such as #AllEmployeesOnLeaveInSmithCorporation, #SmithCorporation OffendsQTheHacker, #SmithCorporation StocksDropBy10%, and so on. 
Some Smith Corporation employees had revealed that all the top-level executives were now waiting for orders in the CEO office on the top floor and that so far, everyone was at a loss as to how to counter Q. 
As all the computers had crashed and couldn’t be switched on, the rest of the staff had all been given a day off. However, the employees didn’t feel any joy about that but were instead worried that they would wake up to the news of the Smith Corporation being declared bankrupt the next day, leading to them losing their jobs. 
It was rumored that the young missy of the Smith Corporation had offended the top-class hacker Q. That was why they had brought Q’s revenge upon themselves. By right, a hacker shouldn’t have been able to influence the network of such a large company, but this was Q, the legendary existence. It was said that Q alone could breach a country’s cyber defenses! 
The Smith Corporation was finished! 
The Smith Corporation’s stocks had already fallen by 10%, and the network in the entire company had been down for over fifteen minutes. At present, investors were still observing the situation. 
If they couldn’t restore the network within an hour, then it was possible that investors would get rid of the stocks they had on hand. When that happened, they might hit the lower limit! 
The Internet analyzed all the terrible outcomes that the Smith Corporation might face.
Yvonne presented them one by one. 
Fortunately, Joel had already given all the employees in the company a day off. Otherwise, the ordinary employees might break down if they saw the content. 
However, even though the two inside the office were calm and composed, the people outside were already in a huge panic. 
In order to prevent Yvonne from realizing that they had already taken control of the situation, Nora hadn’t taken back the control of the computers outside. 
Thus, when Yvonne was showing the articles on the screen, the computers outside were also displaying the same thing. 
The deputy CEO and top-level executives were fearful and horrified. The executive assistants and secretaries also looked at one another. For a while, none of them knew what they should do. 
Samuel looked at the closed door to Joel’s office and yelled furiously, “It’s over! It’s all over! The Smith Corporation is about to be destroyed by Joel!” 
The executives looked worried. 
Speedy, the hacker who had just left the Smith Corporation and returned home, heaved a huge sigh when he saw the news. 
He felt that he couldn’t have made a more correct choice. 
In fact, in that instant, he was even afraid that Q might retaliate and take revenge on him.
Speedy was a member of the Hacker Alliance. He immediately took out his cell phone and sent a message to the Hacker Alliance. 
Speedy: “Boss Q, I have already withdrawn from the Smith Corporation. I’m not going to go against you! Don’t worry. Also, if you need me to provide you with some of the Smith Corporation’s network vulnerabilities, I can also do that…” 
Although he knew that doing this wasn’t right, Speedy had no other choice. 
If he offended the Smith Corporation, if worse came to worst, he could at least go out of the country. 
But if he offended Q, then he could forget about staying in the hacker industry. He was very clear about that! 
After sending Q a private message, he thought about it and posted a tweet. 
Unexpectedly, the moment he posted the tweet, it trended. 
Speedy: “The Smith Corporation shouldn’t have offended Q. I have absolute respect for Q, so I hereby announce my withdrawal from the Smith Corporation. Also, thus far, no one has dared to contend with Q on the Internet.” 
Speedy had been worried after he posted the tweet that his actions might offend the Smith Corporation, but when he saw how his tweet had taken the third spot among all the trending topics, he suddenly gained peace of mind. 
It was obvious that the trending topics algorithm had also been hacked. All the negative news about the Smith Corporation had been pushed to the top! 
It was apparent that the other party was very strong and capable!
His decision to take sides at the critical moment had played a decisive role. 
With that, surely Q wouldn’t hold a grudge against him anymore… right? 
– 
While Speedy was on tenterhooks, Yvonne had displayed his tweet on the computers in the Smith Corporation. 
Additionally, after his tweet trended, someone had filled everyone in on who Speedy was. Everyone immediately lost even more hope in the Smith Corporation successfully restoring their network! 
‘Oh my god, even Speedy has quit. Who else can save the Smith Corporation?’ 
“Q really isn’t someone to be offended. I mean, look at the alphabet itself—they are the queen of the hacker world!” 
“How apt! I’m suddenly in awe of the queen. At the same time, I’m also worried about the Smith Corporation. Just how exactly did they offend a big figure like that?” 
Next to the numerous comments were Yvonne’s own comments: 
“Heh, even Speedy has betrayed you at a crucial moment, Joel. What does this show? 
“It shows that no one can be trusted except your own family! If you apologize to me and let me return to the Smiths, and also publicly announce that you’re abandoning that hillbilly called Nora Smith, I can come back immediately! 
“Of course, you also have to declare that I didn’t do anything wrong back then. Dad didn’t die anyway. He’s currently resting healthy in the hospital, isn’t he?
“Once you accomplish all of this, I don’t mind letting go of my control over the Smith Corporation and letting all of you go back to normalcy. But if not…” 
As Joel read her messages, he suddenly looked at Nora and said, “Reply to her, ‘A fake will always be a fake.” 
Nora: “…” 
From what Yvonne had written, one could tell that the woman actually still missed the Smiths. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t ask to come back. 
She hadn’t expected Joel to actually say something as harsh as that, though. 
What Yvonne minded the most was her identity as an adoptive daughter. Joel’s words were entirely capable of sending her into a flying rage. 
Joel had pretty good potential in honing a sharp tongue. 
With that in mind, Nora typed that to Yvonne. 
Sure enough, Yvonne flew into a rage. 
“Joel! I see you as my elder brother, yet you are treating me like this! You have never cared about me, have you?! “I’ll tell you this—I am now angry! Very, very much so! I am going to completely destroy the Smith Corporation’s network, as well as all the files in everyone’s computers! 
“Just you wait! I will make you pay for saying that! Even if you regret your actions and want to beg me for mercy, it is too late!!”
Following these words, all the computers in the company suddenly went back to normal. Then, all the internal hard drives were opened, and the cursor moved to the Delete button. 
Once she clicked the button, all the data in all the computers would be completely destroyed! 
When that happened, chaos would definitely break out in the Smith Corporation! 
In a dark room somewhere. 
Yvonne stared at the computer screen in front of her. The light from the computer shone on her face, making her look exceptionally hideous and terrifying!
###Chapter 484
Chapter 484 Caught You! 
Yvonne stared at the screen, a weird and insidious smile gradually forming on her face. Once she clicked on that button, she would be able to see the Smiths’ downfall! 
Her fingers were shaking in excitement. 
Then, she opened her eyes wide and pressed the button! 
What she should have witnessed the next moment was all the data files in the company being erased. What she should have witnessed was Joel in a panic and at a loss, but unexpectedly… 
The moment she pressed the button, the computer screen in front of her… suddenly blacked out! 
At the Smith Corporation. 
When Yvonne was about to destroy the documents, Nora had already taken action. Her fingers tapped away on the keyboard at high speed. In no time, she had set a trap for Yvonne. 
Yvonne’s skills had indeed improved a lot-at the very least, even as of now, the special department still hadn’t managed to pinpoint her location through traces of her activity on the Internet. 
If one were to look closely, one would see that Nora was actually wearing a Bluetooth headset in one ear. 
Brenda’s voice was currently playing in the Bluetooth headset. She said, “Yvonne Smith had indeed disappeared from prison when the sick Hillary Jones was picked up two days ago. The strange thing is that if not for what you’ve just discovered, even as of now, no one has noticed it at all! It is very likely that they have set up arrangements inside!”
Morris stayed silent for a while. Then, he said, “Please stall for a bit more time. We are still tracking her location. Once we find it, we will arrest her at once!” 
“… Captain Ford, your men kinda suck!” said Nora. 
Morris: “…” 
He coughed and said, “The guy on the team is already a top-class white hat. It’s just that Yvonne Smith has indeed become very skilled in this respect after her genetic mutation. Just like what she said, she’s already comparable to Q and Y now. It’s normal that we can’t catch her right away.” 
Those who provided service for other people were called hackers, but if a hacker was working for a country itself, then they were known as white hats. Nora didn’t like the sound of that. She said, “I told you, she’s nowhere near Q and Y at all!” Like her, Y was also the leader of the Hacker Alliance. The two of them had had showdowns with each other before, so they both knew just how skilled the other was. Being compared to Yvonne was simply too much of an insult to both of them! 
Morris: “…” 
Brenda couldn’t help but be amused. “Nora, how do you know that they aren’t on par with one another? It’s true that comparison is necessary, though. Why should someone who took a genetic modification drug be comparable to naturally-endowed ones like us?! Hehe, wait for me, I’ll go to Justin and borrow Y!” 
Brenda actually felt a little sheepish when she was saying that. 
Y was the insurance that ensured the Hunt Corporation’s network security, but everyone knew that Y never took outsiders’ employment requests. 
Not even Brenda’s.
Three years ago, when she was carrying out a mission abroad, the other party had more powerful hackers on their side while the hackers in her department were not that skilled. She had called Justin to borrow Y but had been strictly rejected. 
Y was so mysterious that no one knew where he really was. Justin had really kept him too well- protected. 
Also, when she asked Justin why he trusted Y so much, he even said there wasn’t any particular reason why. 
This had even made her once suspect that there must be some kind of deal involving physical intimacy between Justin and Y! 
But since it was for Nora’s sake this time, she wondered if Justin would be willing to let his pretty little wife out to help Nora? 
While she was thinking about it, Nora said, “No, it’s fine.” 
Brenda was taken aback. “Huh?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “Q alone is more than enough to deal with her.” 
Brenda was a little dumbfounded at first. 
The next moment, however, she suddenly realized something. She swallowed hard. “Nora, you… you have Q helping you out? W-where is he?” 
No wonder Nora wasn’t in a panic all this time! 
“… Q has been here all along.”
Brenda became even more astonished. “But we did not notice a third person in the room! … Oh, I see!” 
Brenda exclaimed. Just as Nora thought that she had finally understood what she meant, she instead heard Brenda say, “Does Q only need to provide support online? So, he doesn’t have to be present at all?!” Nora: “…” 
Never mind. Since she had misunderstood, then so be it. 
Seeing that she wasn’t saying anything, Brenda assumed tacit agreement. She immediately started to tease her. “Nora, have you seen Q in person before?” 
“… Yes.” 
After all, she had to look in the mirror every morning after she woke up and went to wash up, right?! 
Brenda became even more interested. “Then… is he handsome?” 
Nora: “?” 
“He must be very handsome, right?! People with technical skills are usually very handsome! Nora, how sneaky! How can you hide a handsome guy all to yourself and not introduce him to me?!” 
Nora, who found her really noisy, cut her off. “I’ve found Yvonne.” 
Morris’ voice rang out in a timely fashion. “Arrest her at once!” 
– 
In a small dark room somewhere. 
Yvonne had been brought there after she came out of prison.
This was a room in a small guest house and was only a few square feet big. Apart from a single bed, the only other thing in the room was the computer. 
Even the toilet in the room she used to occupy when she was living in the Smiths’ manor was bigger than this! 
But she knew she had no right to protest. 
She and Hillary had both taken the genetic modification drug. Hillary had died because she couldn’t withstand the drug’s effects. 
But she had succeeded. 
God knows how excited she had been when she discovered that her understanding of hacking had become so clear that it was like the fog lifting! 
She knew that she would be able to take her revenge very soon! 
Those among the Smiths who had looked down on her, those who had bullied her… all of them would receive retribution very soon! 
She was in a very good mood. Those people would be suffering while she welcomed a new life and became the new god of hacking! 
Y? 
What was the big deal about them? From now on, the world of hackers would be hers to triumph in! 
Yvonne was so excited at the thought that she was even trembling a little. 
Why did the computer in front of her suddenly blackout, though?
Yvonne’s first reaction was that the computer’s electricity supply had gone out–because, given her skills, she didn’t think that anything would go wrong with her hacking! 
But when she went to look at the power supply, she found that the power supply was plugged in. 
She was taken aback. When she stayed there and thought for a while, the computer screen turned on again. 
A few words appeared on the screen: 
‘Do you think you can do whatever you want just because you know a little bit of hacking?’ This was… she had been invaded! She stared flabbergasted at her flawless defensive firewall. 
Her fingers trembled as she typed: ‘Who are you?” 
The other party: ‘Q.’ As the alphabet appeared, Yvonne immediately understood something. 
She sprung to her feet. Just as she was about to run to the door, someone suddenly kicked the door open. Then, a group of people rushed in! 
“Freeze!” 
“You’re under arrest!”
###Chapter 485
Chapter 485 We Have Q! 
“We’ve caught her.” When Morris’ voice rang out in the earphone, Nora had also just received a text message on her cell phone-it was from the little psycho again. 
“You’re still not giving in even now? Looks like you really wish for the Smith Corporation’s downfall! 
“Hehe, the Smith Corporation’s stocks have already fallen 20%. Are you still not gonna beg for mercy? 
“C’mon, my little servant, make up your mind! Otherwise, even if my new toy lets you guys off, the Smith Corporation will still suffer heavy losses! How can a company that cannot even guarantee their network security be trusted?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows as she read the text messages. 
She ignored him and looked at the time—all the servers had successfully rebooted. Her long, slender fingers landed on the keyboard and she started to type away at high speed. 
Five minutes later, all the computers in the company returned to normal! 
The Smith Corporation-including all their subsidiaries that relied on the servers-was back to normal!! 
Outside. 
As Samuel looked at all the trending topics on social media that Yvonne was showing them flash by on the computer, he became so infuriated that his blood pressure soared to the high heavens! 
To be honest, he also owned some of the Smith Corporation shares and received dividends every year. Although he and Ian didn’t get along and he didn’t like Joel, should the Smith Corporation really be
ruined, he would also be implicated! 
This was also the reason why even though Samuel had kept on making an appearance in minor incidents over the years, apart from ruining Ian and Joel’s moods, he had never actually done anything during major incidents! 
Of course, he didn’t have any authority to make any decisions, either. 
However, he had never colluded with outsiders to cheat his own family’s company. 
But now! 
Samuel was so mad that he was practically stamping his foot. He pointed at the things on the computer screen and yelled furiously at the people around him, “Didn’t she say that she knew Q, and would ask the real Q for help? Is this what the so-called Q she invited can do? 
“She’s such a jinx. She has never done anything good ever since her return to the Smiths! 
“Why did she offend Q for no reason? She’s too much!” 
“Oh, my shares! They have already fallen by tens of millions of dollars!” 
Samuel clutched his heart and shouted to the people around him, “Remember this, if I collapse here today, it’s all because of that unfilial Nora Smith!” 
The executives: “…” 
No one said anything. All of them stared at the screen nervously. 
Although no one was saying anything, all of them were still nervous. Given how things had already come to this point, they felt that Mr. Smith was simply too calm!
Someone swallowed. “I think it’s better that we get Ms. Smith to borrow Y from the Hunt Corporation!” 
“Sigh! The Hunt Corporation’s Y is like a national treasure. How would they loan him to us so easily? Don’t even think about it!” 
While they were talking-in fact, they couldn’t even bear to look at the screen anymore—they suddenly saw the one-click Delete button for the computers’ hard drives appear on the screen! 
Right away, everyone panicked! 
The executives looked at Joel’s office. Someone even rushed over and said, “M-Mr. Smith! If all the data in the computers are deleted, we will suffer heavy losses!” 
What came out of the office was Joel’s voice that still sounded as calm and collected as ever. He said, “Got it.” 
The people outside were close to going crazy from their anxiety! 
However, a minute later, someone suddenly let out an exclamation. 
Everyone turned and followed his gaze to see that the computers had restarted… They had succeeded! 
Someone couldn’t help but ask, “Surely it’s not because they have already deleted all our data, so they decided that they can restore the computers for us now, right?” 
Hearing this, the executive assistant hurriedly rushed to his workstation, opened up his hard drive, and then found that… 
“Nothing was deleted!”
When the rest heard this, they all ran to their workstations excitedly! 
A girl sighed emotionally and said, “Oh my god, my computer is okay now! Nothing has happened to it at all, it’s exactly the same as before! It’s as if it hadn’t been invaded at all! Ah, the picture of my idol is still here!” Another man exclaimed, “F*ck, even my porn videos are still here?” 
There was a moment of silence in the executive assistant department. 
The man suddenly raised his head in embarrassment and scratched his head. “I… I was just joking…” 
These people, who had stayed in the office and worked overtime, were the first to discover that the network had been restored. However, spreading the news required a certain amount of time. 
In a hotel room somewhere. 
A man leaned against an armchair with one leg perched over the other. His black suit-clad legs were long and straight, and his leather shoes were also smooth and shiny. He looked very smug. He grinned and said, “My little servant will be reporting very soon, heh heh…” But as he said that, the assistant next to him suddenly exclaimed, “Sir, 1-look at the trending topics on social media…” 
The man was taken aback for a moment. He glanced over, upon which he became dumbfounded. 
Then, someone suddenly rushed over in a panic. “Sir, it’s over! Yvonne has been arrested!” 
“Shit!” The man cursed in a low voice. “Useless piece of rubbish! You’re all a bunch of rubbish!” 
Nora had just repaired the network when someone knocked on the door. Joel’s executive assistance said, “Mr. Smith, look at the number one trending topic!” 
Number one trending topic? Joel raised his brows and looked at Nora in surprise. “You even paid to make a topic trend?”
Nora: “?” 
She blinked. “What does paying to make a topic trend mean?” 
Joel was dumbfounded. He’d originally thought that the incident would definitely trend on social media once Nora repaired the network, but for it to become the top trending topic so quickly, there was no doubt that someone was manipulating this behind the scenes. He’d thought that Nora was the one behind it, but in the end, she wasn’t aware at all? 
While thinking about it, Joel opened Facebook. When he saw the top trending topic, he suddenly looked at Nora with a complex look on his face. 
Nora: “?” 
She craned her neck and looked at Joel’s hand. A resigned Joel could only hand the phone to her. “Here, take a look.” 
The top trending topic wasn’t about the fact that the Smith Corporation’s network problems had been resolved. Instead, it was… 
The Hunt Corporation: “Do you need Y to help? He’ll be there whenever you call. @SmithCorporation” 
Nora: “!!” 
She looked at Joel in surprise, upon which she saw his eyes flicker a little. Then, he took the phone back, logged in to the Smith Corporation’s official Facebook page, and replied. 
The Smith Corporation: “We appreciate the gesture. But The Smith Corporation is going to be fine on its own. @HuntCorporation”
Netizens who were originally unhappy about the Smith Corporation were astounded by the two posts! 
“We all know that the Hunt Corporation has hired Y as their network consultant—they hired such a powerful person as a consultant to deter their enemies. But isn’t the Smith Corporation being a little too funny here? Q was the one who invaded their network, yet they are still being stubborn and refusing to accept the Hunt Corporation’s kindness!” 
“What would be a good way of saying ‘We have Q.’?”
###Chapter 486
Chapter 486 Nora… is Angering People to Death 
After all, in the beginning, the Internet was spreading the news that Q had invaded Smith Corporation. Therefore, the netizens felt strange when Smith Corporation suddenly said that they had Q. 
Someone even questioned, — We have Q. I know these words if I look at them separately. But when they’re put together, why can’t I understand what they mean? Below this question, Smith Corporation answered seriously: “It means that we have hired Q to be our Internet consultant. From now on, Smith Corporation has made up for its shortcomings! Please use our services without any worry! There will be no more problems!” 
Everyone: “” 
Everyone was stunned. 
Wasn’t Q invading Smith Corporation? Why had Q suddenly become a consultant for Smith Corporation? 
Just as the netizens imagined a heartbreaking story of love and murder, Smith Corporation Official sent another Weibo post explaining the entire situation! 
For a moment, everyone was in an uproar! 
— How is that possible? If Q had been hired as a consultant, why would Speedy have resigned? Furthermore, Speedy publicly posted on Weibo saying that he did not dare to offend Q? 
– That’s right. Even Speedy said that the one who invaded Smith Corporation was Q. How could there be a mistake?! What is Smith Corporation playing at?” 
Speedy had jumped out himself. At this time, he still did not know that Smith Corporation’s Internet had been repaired. He was at home browsing Facebook and waiting for Q’s reply. Therefore, when he saw Smith Corporation’s message, he was the first to find it unacceptable. 
He was stunned. He reposted Smith Corporation’s Facebook post and labeled it with a question mark to express his confusion. But just as most people were questioning the authenticity of this news and the netizens were discussing it, someone suddenly sent a message! On the hacking forum, Q used his public account to send a message: 
Q: “I have officially accepted Smith Corporation’s recruitment and have become Smith Corporation’s consultant. Someone was impersonating me to attack the Smith Corporation, whom I have already handed over to the police! I will also send her to court for legal punishment!” 
Speedy: !! 
When he saw this news, he suddenly trembled. 
He swallowed. Suddenly, his personal inbox lit up. It was Q who had replied: “Oh, then you don’t have to stay in the hacker world anymore.” 
Speedy: “…” 
His fingers softened and his phone slipped out of his hand… 
#SmithCorporation’sInternetNetworkRecovery, #SmithCorporation SupplementedTheirInternet Shortcomings, #SmithCorporationCarriedoutAnOnlineCombat Exercise, and other topics immediately became trending under Joel’s control. 
ne 
The people who had been scolding Smith Corporation finally reacted.
Some gamers even realized that the Internet seemed to be smoother after entering the game! The gaming experience was better! 
Another analysis post went straight to the top of the trending searches. 
Smith Cooperation used to focus on the physical industry with the Internet industry as support. The development of new media was not good enough, but now, they had filled this shortcoming. With Q as a backup, Smith Cooperation’s future was promising! 
Many people had seen this trending post. Accordingly, Smith Cooperation’s stock price that had plummeted to nearly 20% suddenly began to rise crazily! 
The price of a single share was almost equal to that of Hunt Corporation! 
As everyone watched Smith Cooperation’s stock prices skyrocket, someone even started a conspiracy theory. 
– Now, I feel that all of this was self-directed and acted out by Smith Cooperation. They used the attack to attract everyone’s attention, and in the end, they retaliated! It was simply beautiful. Today, Smith Cooperation’s shares soared crazily! 
– Ahhhh, I don’t care what kind of conspiracy it is. Smith Cooperation is the greatest of all time! With Q, Smith Cooperation is like a tiger that has grown wings! 
— If Smith Cooperation’s momentum continues to be so fierce, it feels like the number one family is going to change! 
– Oh my god, Smith Cooperation must have taken over the trending searches today!
When Nora saw this Facebook post, she raised her eyebrows and smiled as she sent the link to that little lunatic. 
Then, she replied: “You’ve spent too much. You helped us get on the trending searches.” The other party was silent for a full two minutes before he gritted his teeth and sent, “Shit!” 
Nora was very satisfied when she saw this word. 
To be able to make this little lunatic curse, it was enough to show that he was extremely angry, right? 
Smith Cooperation’s crisis had been resolved. She stretched and said to Joel, “I’m going home.” 
Joel nodded. 
Nora stood up and stretched her neck before walking out slowly. The moment she pushed the door open, Samuel and the other executives immediately took two steps back and made way for her. 
At this moment, everyone looked at her with admiration. 
Samuel even took a trembling step forward and held her hand. For the first time, he said in a tone that was not hostile, “Nora, you must maintain a good relationship with Q! You must win him over by hook or by crook, okay?” 
Nora glanced at him and knew that Samuel was frightened this time. 
If the Smiths went bankrupt, he would also suffer losses! 
However, when she thought of how he had come to cause trouble time and time again, Nora’s eyes flashed. She thought of Samuel’s hobby that Joel had told her about and said, “Samuel, Q likes antiques the most, especially the blue and white porcelain from the Qing Dynasty. You also know that I came from
California, and I don’t have such precious things. Sigh! Q said that if I can’t find it for him, he won’t cooperate further with us!” 
Samuel: “!!!!” 
That blue and white porcelain was his most precious collection. It was worth almost a hundred million dollars! How could he give it away just like that?! 
However, when he thought of how quickly Smith Cooperation’s shares had fallen after the Internet collapse today, he felt as if his heart was on a rollercoaster. He gritted his teeth. “What’s wrong with that? I have it! Give it to Q right now!” 
Nora narrowed her almond-shaped eyes and revealed her white teeth. “Get it sent to the Smiths.” 
“…Okay.” 
Nora left after saying this. Joel, who was sitting in the office, also heard their conversation: II 11 
His little cousin had such a devious side to her! 
… How cute! 
– 
Nora returned to the Smiths. 
After parking the car, she looked at the time. It was almost 11 PM. The children’s rooms upstairs were dark. They must have slept long ago. 
She entered casually and was about to head upstairs when she saw the man sitting on the sofa.
There was no one else in the living room. Under the warm and comfortable light, Justin was looking at his phone. There was a rare relaxed joy on his face, the corners of his lips curled up slightly. Even the mole at the corner of his eye was curved into a happy smile. The man had his legs crossed and was staring at his phone. 
Nora walked over in surprise and looked at his phone. She wanted to know what the man saw that made him smile so happily. 
Unexpectedly, it was…
###Chapter 487
Chapter 487 I’ll Tell You a Secret~ 
When Nora looked over, the man was browsing Facebook 
On Facebook, there was a small-time user called “Nora—Justin Couple”. Below, it posted: 
[Ahhh, what should I do? Did you see what Hunt Corporation said at the critical moment? I’m at your beck and call! I feel so spoiled!) [I’m a fan of a couple from two companies!) 
[The domineering Mr. Hunt is seeking attention. The cold Beauty Smith has rejected him!] 
[He has Y while she has Q. The emperor and queen of the hacker world are in their hands. They look more compatible!] 
(Ahhhh, I saw a text, it’s so sweet! Link attached!) 
Justin’s slender fingers opened the link, and inside was a short piece of a text: 
“Actually, Hunt has always been deeply in love with Smith. Smith has long had her heart set on Hunt, but the two strong people have never learned how to express themselves. They only worked hard to show their best sides in front of each other. 
Smith tried hard, but she was tripped by someone. The moment she fell, Hunt suddenly realized something. It was too tiring for Smith to chase after him. 
Hunt stopped in his tracks and reached out to her. ‘My hand is right here. Come as you wish.’ 
Smith looked at that hand but did not clench it tightly. Instead, she stubbornly pressed her hand against the ground and stood up. “I have my own hand.”
Smith did not notice that when she said this, her tone was filled with shyness… To be continued…” 
Justin looked at the words and smiled, liking this Facebook post. 
Justin was currently logged into Hunt Corporation’s official account. 
This little like immediately made the netizens hype up again. Everyone shouted, — Ahhhh, the couple is real!! 
Nora was speechless. No matter what Justin did, he was always serious and very vigilant. However, she had been standing behind him for so long, yet this man still did not notice her arrival. The corners of Nora’s lips twitched. She watched as Justin liked every post that praised them. When he had liked more than ten, Nora could not stand it anymore and turned around to go upstairs. 
When she increased her pace, she attracted Justin’s attention! 
He looked up suddenly and smiled when he saw Nora. “You’re back?” 
Nora: “…Yes.” 
She wanted to say something, but when she turned her head back to look, she saw that Justin had already lowered his head again and was looking at his phone. He had started his journey of likes again. 
Nora: “…” 
The “thank you” was stuck in her throat. 
This fellow had deliberately created a “Y” that could be used at will in a high-profile manner. He had even shouted loudly on the Internet and bought the top trending searches just to help them.
Nora shook her head slightly and sighed. She prepared to go upstairs. 
She had just taken the first step when she heard Justin’s bright voice. “Nora.” 
Nora stopped in her tracks and looked at him. 
Justin finally looked up. His eyes were still smiling, and his dark eyes were as bright as the stars. “Is Q you?” 
Nora: “…” 
She was silent for a moment before asking, “Then is Y you?” 
In the silence, they looked at each other. Suddenly, they smiled again. 
No words needed to be spoken. 
Nora went upstairs to sleep. When she woke up again, the sky was bright. She picked up her phone and glanced at it. She realized that many people had contacted her, but most of them seemed to know that she was resting, so they had only left messages. 
Nora ignored Brenda, Morris, and the others. Her gaze first landed on Lily’s message. Usually, Lily would not look for her for no reason. Now that she was suddenly looking for her… 
Nora hurriedly unlocked her phone and dialed her number. Lily picked up immediately and said, “Boss, Old Maddy seems to have regained some rationality. He kept nagging about looking for you! I’m trying to calm him down, but I think he has something to say to you.” If he had something to say… Nora thought of the secret her mother had left behind and sat up immediately. “I’ll be right there!”
She got out of bed, put on her clothes, and rushed downstairs. Then, she went to the car park and drove straight to the hospital! 
In the hospital. 
Nora came to the door of Old Maddy’s room. Before she entered, she heard Old Maddy shouting, “Where’s Ian’s daughter? Where’s Yvette’s daughter? I want to see her! Her mother has a secret that she wants me to tell her! Shh, I won’t tell you. I’ll only tell her! I can only tell her!”
###Chapter 488
Chapter 488 A Secret! 
When Nora heard these words, she hurriedly pushed open the door and walked in. 
Lily was pressing on Old Maddy’s arm. Ever since he was poisoned by Yvonne, his body had not been well, and his mind had not recovered. 
His expression was still not good, and the burns on his body were terrifying. 
Lily comforted him. “Boss is coming soon. Don’t be agitated…” 
Old Maddy danced around and kept shouting, “I want to see Yvette’s daughter! Quickly call her to see me! It’ll be over if she’s late! I want to tell her a secret…” 
Lily almost couldn’t control him anymore. At this moment, Nora entered the door. When she heard the door opening, Lily turned back to look at her and finally heaved a sigh of relief. 
“You’re finally here!” 
Lily stood up and said with resentment, “If you hadn’t come soon, Old Maddy would really have gone crazy this time!” 
Nora ignored her nagging and walked straight to the bed. When he saw her face, Old Maddy calmed down. 
His turbid eyes suddenly became clear. He looked at Nora quietly for a while before smiling. “You’re here.” “I’m here.”
Nora held his dry hand. His fingers were especially dry because they had been burned before, and his skin was very wrinkled. 
She asked softly, “What’s the matter?” 
Old Maddy looked at her and his eyes gradually calmed down. He smiled. “I want to tell you that you need to have a child!” 
Nora: “?” 
She was stunned. “What?” 
“You need to have a child! Now, now! Hurry!” Old Maddy suddenly became anxious and pushed her out. “Do it now.” 
His words were incoherent, making her even more confused. 
However, Nora’s heart jumped a little. She seemed to have thought of something and asked, “Why?” “Why?” 
Old Maddy was stunned. “Yes, why?” 
He was pushing Nora’s hand, but he suddenly quietened down. He scratched his head hard. “Why? Why can’t I remember why? Why? Why? Why ?…” 
He muttered softly to himself. After saying these words, he grabbed his hair hard because he could not remember the reason. A few strands of hair had been plucked off by him from his already barren scalp, but he still could not seem to remember. 
He suddenly slapped his head angrily. “Why? Tell me quickly. Why?” Nora saw that he was gradually losing his mind and seemed to be getting more and more anxious. She hurriedly held his hand. “Old Maddy…”
When Old Maddy saw her, he did not think about why anymore. Instead, he held her hand. “Quickly go and have a child. Go!” Nora: “…I already gave birth.” 
“You gave birth?” 
Old Maddy was stunned. “It really happened?” 
“It’s true.” 
There were even two of them. 
Nora did not say the last sentence. She only stared at Old Maddy. When she saw that he seemed to have heard this, she heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he slowly closed her eyes. His emotions seemed to have calmed down. Nora asked tentatively, “Can you remember anything else?” 
Old Maddy whispered, “I can’t remember. I can’t remember. I’m old. I’m crazy… And I can’t think. My head hurts. My head hurts so much…” 
“Okay, don’t think about it yet. But if you remember anything else, you have to tell me.” 
Nora reminded him softly. Old Maddy nodded. “I’ll remember. I know…” 
After Old Maddy fell asleep, Nora walked out of the ward. 
Lily looked at her. “Anti, I think Old Maddy’s condition has improved. At least he was talking to you normally just now. But he’s so strange! Why did he want you to have a child?” 
Nora shook her head to indicate that she did not know. 
She told Lily, “Take good care of Old Maddy. When his physical fitness reaches a certain level, I’ll continue his treatment.”
Old Maddy might be someone who knew about some things back then! Only by curing Old Maddy could she possibly know some of her mother’s secrets. 
Since she was at the hospital, Nora went to visit Quentin again. 
Quentin lay there and was getting another nurse to feed him fruits. As he ate, he said, “Don’t look at how I’m paralyzed on the bed now and can’t even lift a cup of water. You don’t know how powerful I used to be.” 
At this point, he took a bite of an apple and continued, “My martial arts are especially good. It’s not a problem for me to fight ten people alone! What’s with your expression? When I’m done, I’ll fight ten for you to see!” 
When Nora heard this, she stopped in her tracks. 
As she stood at the door, she heard the nurse say, “Okay? How big is your heart? Do you know how serious your injuries are?” 
Quentin smiled. “Do you know who my cousin is? 
The young nurse: “…I know. It’s Anti!” 
“Other than Anti, she’s also Big… Forget it, I won’t tell you anymore. You won’t understand even if I tell you. Anyway, she’s very good at fighting!” 
The young nurse asked, “Is she better than 
you?”
Quentin: “…Damn, she’s just a little better than me. Really, just a little. When I recover, I’ll practice for another ten years. I’ll definitely beat her! Because she’s too lazy. She only knows how to sleep every day… If she doesn’t practice, she’ll only worsen! Why should I tell you about fighting? What I want to tell you is that with her around, I’ll definitely be able to stand up!” 
Nora clenched her fists silently. Her almond-shaped eyes drooped slightly. It was as if there was suddenly a heavy burden on her shoulders. 
She did not expect Quentin to trust her so blindly. 
This made her feel pressured. 
She did not enter and instead turned to Ian’s lounge. 
Ian was holding his phone and looking at something. However, Nora could vaguely hear Joel’s voice. 
She was about to take a closer look when Ian heard her enter. He quickly switched off her phone and looked at her guiltily. “Nora, why are you here?” 
Nora: “…How are you?” Ian smiled. “I’m quite good. I feel like I can be discharged in a few days.” 
Nora nodded. 
Ian looked at her. 
Nora pursed her lips. 
Ian was still looking at her. 
Nora sat down at the side and stood upright. 
Ian was still looking at her.
For a moment, there was nothing between them. A faint awkwardness filled the room. 
Looking at her new father, Nora still felt a sense of estrangement. 
After all, she had seen him fewer than a dozen times. 
Nora stood up. “If you’re fine, I’ll get going.” Ian subconsciously asked, “You’re leaving so soon?” 
He had not seen enough of his daughter! Nora nodded. “Yes, I still have something to do.” 
She walked towards the door and had just opened it when Ian’s voice suddenly came from behind. “Nora, you just went to see Quentin, right?” 
Nora paused. 
She did not turn back, but she still heard Ian’s voice. “It’s okay. As long as you try your best, even if the outcome is unsatisfactory, it’s okay. I know Quentin. He won’t blame you.” 
Nora felt relieved. She felt as if strands of warmth were flowing into her heart again. 
She lowered her head. “Yes.” 
With that, she turned around. “Thank you.” 
After leaving the hospital, Nora got into her car and planned to interrogate Yvonne. 
However, she suddenly thought of something and picked up her phone. She suddenly sent that little psycho a message: “Can I ask you a question?” 
The little psycho replied quickly: “Beg me.”
Nora: “Then forget it.” 
Little Psycho: “No, you have to ask!” He was extremely curious about what questions his little servant wanted to ask. 
Nora: “No.” 
Little Psycho: “Ask! I can answer you a question for free!” 
Nora was waiting for this sentence. “Why must I have a child?” 
The moment this question was asked, the other party replied. 
After seeing that reply, Nora’s eyes widened in shock…
###Chapter 489
Chapter 489 Little Psycho? 
On the other end of the line, the other party’s message was very clear. 
(You’ll die if you don’t have children.] 
Nora stared at those words and felt that she did not understand what they meant. She frowned and sent another message. “Why?” 
The other party: “This is the second question. Beg me.” 
Nora: “…” 
She lowered her eyes. “Please, will you tell me?” 
The other party: “It depends on my mood.” 
He clearly did not intend to say anything. 
Nora ignored him and threw her phone aside. 
She did not understand what this answer meant, but from what she heard, she felt that things were developing in a strange direction. 
Why would she die if she did not give birth? 
She sat in the car quietly and thought for a long time before starting the car and heading to the special department. 
In the special department.
Previously, when Yvonne was in an ordinary prison, she had always felt that her prison break was very simple. Therefore, even after she was arrested by the special department, she still sat there calmly and did not say anything. 
Morris and Brenda did not torture her, but they did not get any useful information. 
Ever since she was arrested, she had been in the interrogation room. She did not eat, drink, or sleep. At this moment, she looked very haggard, but the gaze in her eyes was very firm. 
Nora entered the interrogation room and sat opposite her. She thought for a moment and suddenly said, “Are you waiting for them to save you?” 
When Yvonne heard this, her eyes trembled before she raised her head. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Nora spoke again. “Your computer skills have improved tremendously recently!” A complacent smile appeared on Yvonne’s face. “If you’re mocking me, then I can tell you that there’s no need. Do you really think that the Smiths can do whatever they want with Q? If you have the ability, wait a while for me. I will definitely be more powerful than Q!” 
When she said this, there was only confidence on her face without any hesitation. 
Nora frowned a little when she looked like this. She did not know where her confidence came from. 
She suddenly said, “How are you going to compete with Q? Even if you invaded Smith Corporation this time, you needed someone to bring in a hard drive for you. What’s the point of breaking the firewall from the inside?” 
Hearing this, Yvonne bit her lips. Indeed, this invasion was because Jill’s nephew had brought in a USB flash drive when he entered Smith Corporation. From then on, she had planned this attack.
What a pity… 
They had put in so much effort, but Q had easily disintegrated them! 
Yvonne lowered her head and sneered, “You don’t have to provoke me with your words. Anyway, I won’t die if I’m arrested for a while. You can wait for me for half a month. I’ll let you know what it means to be a peak hacker!” 
Her words were very arrogant. 
She looked at Nora and reached out her hand. “Do you know how it feels to suddenly become stronger? My mind suddenly became clear. Some algorithms that were originally as difficult to overcome as mountains were easily figured out by me. My logic was clear, and everything was in my mind! In my palm…” 
Nora saw that when she said these words, she seemed to be in a daze. She frowned and suddenly said, “Hillary was suddenly in a coma. When the prison guards couldn’t find out the reason, she was sent out of the prison. You took the opportunity to hide in the car and escaped, right?” 
Yvonne was stunned. 
Nora said again, “Are you certain that if they can save you once, they can save you a second time? Did you expect to be arrested by the special department this time?” 
She could be easily rescued from ordinary cells because the restrictions there were indeed not very strict. 
However, the special department was the most tightly guarded department in New York. Where did Yvonne get her confidence from to think that she could escape from here?
Yvonne was not frightened by Nora’s words. She lowered her eyes and sneered. “They won’t give up on me.” “Why?” 
Nora asked. 
Yvonne smiled. “Because I’m about to become the best hacker in the world. They need a genius like me!” 
Nora listened to her and frowned. It seemed like that little psycho had promised Yvonne something. Otherwise, a selfish person like her would have betrayed them long ago. 
But how could that little psycho rush to the special department to save someone? 
She shook her head and sneered. “Even so, you have to ensure that you can touch your phone or computer. But can you touch them here?” 
Yvonne shook her head. “You don’t have to scare me. If you want to use torture, then use it. I’m not afraid at all! But what do you want me to say? Heh, I have no comment!” 
With that, she lowered her head and looked like she did not want to talk anymore. 
Nora could only leave the interrogation room. 
Morris walked forward and asked, “We can’t use torture right now because we’re drawing blood for testing.” 
Nora clenched her jaw. “You mean…” 
Morris nodded. “She admitted that she became so powerful because she was injected with a genetic modification drug.” Nora instantly pursed her lips tightly.
Genetic modification drug… 
This was the first time she had directly felt the changes brought by the genetic modification drug. 
Yvonne’s computer skills in the past were indeed ordinary. She was just scaring laymen. 
But this time, even with the help of Jill’s nephew, Yvonne had hacked everyone’s computers in Smith Corporation in a short period of time. She was indeed very powerful! 
If it was anyone other than Nora-even if Solo was here—they would not be her match! 
Could that genetic modification drug really develop a person’s brain to the limit? 
If that was the case, then could Quentin be saved?! 
Seeming to have sensed her hesitation, Morris said, “You can go to the laboratory and take a look at the current report.” 
Nora nodded and entered the laboratory at the side. 
The people there were all researchers. They had taken Yvonne’s blood and were examining it. Nora walked over and took the report. She saw that there was indeed some unknown component in her blood. 
Everyone was still examining the composition, and they were temporarily unable to distinguish the structure. 
Nora took the reports over and checked them one by one. 
She read the last copy first… 
Suddenly, she stood up and looked at the documents in her hand. “Oh no!”
“What’s wrong?” 
Someone asked. 
Nora stood up and was about to walk out. However, before she could step out, a low voice suddenly sounded from the interrogation room!
###Chapter 490
Chapter 490 Another Identity~ 
Hearing that low voice, Nora rushed into the interrogation room. 
Yvonne fell to the ground with her eyes closed. She seemed to have lost consciousness, and the guards were frantically patting her as they shouted, “Wake up, wake up…” 
Nora took a step forward hurriedly. “Move!” 
When the staff worker saw that it was her, he immediately made way. 
Nora came to Yvonne’s side and used one hand to check her breathing while the other hand pressed on her pulse. Her breathing was already very weak, almost gone. 
Even her pulse became unclear. 
Nora swallowed. 
The person beside her shouted, “CPR!” Nora immediately stopped him. “No!” 
“Why?” 
She slowly said, “The unknown composition in her blood is increasing exponentially. Those things can improve her genes, but they will also take her life!” 
Although the results of those reports were from the same batch of blood, the unknown concentration of components changed every hour. 
As the change was not big and the coefficient was too small, the researchers did not notice it immediately.
However, when Nora went to take a look, she realized this problem! 
The unknown components in her blood were like bacteria. From the moment they entered her body, they began to reproduce! 
As time passed, it slowly spread throughout her body. 
Nora also realized this before shouting “no” and rushing over. 
The worker did not understand the full story, but he understood what she meant. “You’re saying that if we perform CPR, it will cause the blood in Yvonne’s body to flow faster and increase the growth of those things?” Nora nodded. “Yes.” 
The worker was anxious. “Then there’s nothing in these emergency measures that can save her now!” 
How were they supposed to get any clues when she was dead? 
When Nora heard this, she reached into her purse and took out a bunch of silver needles. Then, she quickly took out a short needle, stabbing Yvonne’s head twice. 
After two stabs, Yvonne let out a cry and slowly opened her eyes. She did not understand what was going on and asked, “What are you guys doing? What’s wrong with me?” 
Nora lowered her eyes and said slowly, “The genetic modification drug they injected into you multiplies endlessly in your body.” Yvonne was stunned for a moment before she seemed to understand something. “So they’re lying to me? But how is that possible? I’m so powerful, why would they lie to me? Without me, they can’t find another hacker! I know now. Are you acting? Are you trying to get something out of me?! Let me tell you, don’t think I’ll believe you just because you said you could treat me!” 
Nora pursed her lips and looked at her. “I can’t treat you.” 
Yvonne was stunned. “What?”
The silver needle in Nora’s hand was still inserted into her brain. “I’m just holding your breath now, but I can’t stop those reproductions. You only have one minute.” 
Yvonne was stunned. 
She looked at Nora in a daze and felt the pain in her temples. There seemed to be something crawling in her body. It made her feel cold and afraid. 
She looked at Nora in disbelief. Suddenly, waves of pain came from her bloodstream! The pain stimulated her nerves! It made her feel like her entire body was about to burn! 
This pain made her realize that Nora was not lying! 
Yvonne widened her eyes in shock and grabbed Nora’s hand in disbelief. “Save me, save me. I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die…” 
Unfortunately, the more agitated she was, the faster her blood flowed. 
Almost after she said that, she suddenly coughed out a mouthful of blood and fell to the ground again! 
Nora frowned and whispered into her ear, “Don’t you want to take revenge? Tell me, who contacted you…” 
Yvonne looked at her, still in shock. 
Suddenly, she grinned and said the last sentence of her life. “As long as you can’t get what you want, I’ll be happy…” 
The interrogation room was silent. 
Nora stared at the woman in front of her. She had fallen to the ground with her eyes staring into empty space unwillingly. Her face, distorted due to the pain, slowly relaxed after she died.
Morris and Brenda heard the sound and rushed over. When they entered, they saw Nora standing beside them with a frown. 
The two of them looked at the worker beside them hesitantly and asked, “What happened? What did she say before she died?” The worker shook his head. “Nothing…” 
Nora also came back to her senses. She was actually a little puzzled earlier. She understood that the moment Yvonne was arrested, she had been abandoned by that little psycho. 
Yvonne definitely understood this logic. That little psycho was her murderer, but what was this woman thinking? Why was she unwilling to tell her who it was even until she died? 
Especially that last sentence. It was clearly saying that as long as you were unhappy, I would be happy! 
Was a woman’s jealousy really that strong? 
She winced and quickly recovered from this state. 
Yvonne’s problem was definitely her own, and it had nothing to do with Nora! 
She turned to look at Morris and Brenda and said, “I realized that the genetic modification drug isn’t safe to use at all.” 
Morris and Brenda looked at her simultaneously. 
Nora slowly said, “That drug can at least be said to be imperfect. After being injected, although her genes had indeed improved in a short period of time, the drug infinitely replicated in her body. It stimulated the limits of her body. Yvonne died was because her brain had reached its limits and could not keep up with the drug’s stimulation. In the end, she died from the backlash!”
When Morris and Brenda received this news, their expressions instantly turned grave. Even Brenda no longer had her usual image as she looked at her seriously. “So, they gave Yvonne a semi-finished product?” 
Morris nodded as well. “This at least proves one thing! They haven’t perfected the drug yet!” 
Yvonne’s death was worthless. However, to Nora, it was like a blow to her head, waking her up. There were no shortcuts in the world. 
She was the only one who could treat Quentin’s illness. That genetic modification drug would have pushed Quentin to his death. 
As she thought about this, she went out and prepared to make a trip to her alternative medicine doctor’s house to ask if there was any way to regenerate a person’s bones. 
In the car, she received another message from the little psycho: “Are you thanking me now?” 
Nora: “?” 
Next, she saw his message: “I’ve already killed the two women you hate the most. You’re welcome.” 
Nora: “…” 
Little Psycho: “You should have realized by now. The genetic modification drug that Hillary and Yvonne used is semi-finished. The reason I gave Yvonne to you was to show you the effect of that drug. Even the semi-finished product can let people break through their limits. Don’t you want to know what kind of changes a finished product will cause? Aren’t you tempted?” 
Nora replied, “We caught Yvonne, you didn’t give her to us. Thank you.”
The little psycho was silent again before replying: “Little servant, since you don’t know what’s good for you, don’t blame me for being rude! After serving two appetizers, don’t blame me for being unruly to you next! Hehe…” Nora frowned. 
This person was really annoying. Why was he pestering her? However, if he did not pester her, she would not have a chance to solve the case. 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
She did not know who the little psycho was going to target this time. 
As she was thinking, her phone suddenly rang. She glanced at it and realized that it was Simon, the uncle of the Andersons. She picked up the call and heard Simon’s voice. “Nora, something has happened!” “What?” Nora’s heart sank. 
Then, she heard Simon’s voice. “Elaine Miller has been suspended. You seem to be the one who did it, right? She’s now slandering you everywhere. She said that you worship modern medicine and look down on alternative medicine. That’s why you chased her out of the system! Do you still remember Mr. Myers? When he heard about this, he immediately contacted Elaine and made this matter bigger. Now, the entire alternative medicine world knows that Anti looks down on alternative medicine. They want to reason with you!”
###Chapter 491
Chapter 491 Slapping The Hypocrite In The Face! 
Nora: “?” 
She drove the car steadily and comforted him. “It’s okay.” 
Seeing that she seemed unaffected, Simon sighed. “I know you are not afraid of them, but Nora, it’s just that… there are many families with long histories of practicing alternative medicine in New York. Alternative medicine has also been developing particularly well in the pharmaceutical industry. If you offend the alternative medicine practitioners in New York, you won’t have an easy time in the future. So, I’m wondering if you want to look for an opportunity to clear things up.” 
Simon was sure that Nora could not have said such things. After all, the Andersons themselves came from a background of alternative medicine. 
Nora nodded. “Okay, I will clarify things if I find the opportunity.” 
Simon nodded. “Okay. Take care of yourself. I saw Jon and Elaine speaking to each other just now. They’re likely targeting you.” 
“… Where are you?” asked Nora. 
“Oh, at a conference. Alright, I’m hanging up.” 
Simon hung up. Next to him, Melissa said, “Actually, I don’t really think there’s a need for you to warn her about that.” 
Simon shook his head. “Although Nora does not rely on her medical skills to support herself, and that with the Smiths and the Hunts, no one in the medical field will dare to do anything to her; her identity as
Anti is clear for all to see. No matter what, it’s not a good idea to offend people of the alternative medicine circle. Why are there simply so many people who insist on targeting Nora?” 
Melissa sighed. “She is too dazzling. All the inconspicuous little black bugs love circling around shiny things.” 
Simon choked. He couldn’t help but laugh. “What harsh words, dear.” 
Melissa straightened her back, the classy dress she had on wrapped around her graceful figure. She smiled and said, “It’s true, after all…” 
When she wanted to speak again, Elaine walked over and said somewhat respectfully, “Mr. Anderson, Mrs. Anderson… I know I shouldn’t be coming over and disturbing the two of you so presumptuously, but I have something I think I should still say.” Simon looked at her. Now that the Andersons had established a firm foothold in New York with the Carefree Pills, there was no longer anyone willing to offend them at alternative medicine conferences like this. 
As for Jon, because of his son’s death, he had hated Nora to the core all this time and went around smearing her reputation whenever he found an opportunity to. However, everyone else was afraid that they wouldn’t be able to get Carefree Pills anymore if they offended the Andersons, so Jon hadn’t managed to gain any momentum for the time being. 
Regardless, because of what Jon had said, they more or less still secretly looked unfavorably upon Nora. 
Simon knew that Elaine must be up to no good, so he glanced at Melissa and stepped aside. 
Melissa slowly lowered her gaze and smiled. “What would Ms. Miller like to say? If it’s about business, then we should talk in private. As for other things, I don’t think there’s anything that Ms. Miller and I can talk to each other about?”
Seeing how that she was refusing to show any consideration for her feelings, Elaine stepped in front of her. “Mrs. Anderson, I decided to speak with you because I simply cannot stand how arrogant Nora is anymore, so I thought of giving her a kind reminder. She may have studied modern medicine and is now the world-famous Anti, but does she think she can look down on alternative medicine just because of that? Alternative medicine has been passed down from ancient times and has even spread abroad now. How can one of our own disparage it so casually?” Melissa: “…” 
Her expression darkened at once. “Ms. Miller, you don’t have to go back and forth in front of me hiding behind the kind pretense. I am almost fifty this year while you are about the same age as my daughter. There’s no way you can keep your sneaky little thoughts from me! If you really had kind intentions, then you won’t choose to embarrass me like this in public! Neither is there a need for you to create for yourself the image of a just and morally upright person who cannot bring herself to continue watching this. We all know very well what is going on here. Even though there are some conflicts between you and Nora, there is no need for you to raise the issue to a higher plane of moral principles! Besides…” 
Melissa looked straight at the people watching the show. “Not only has Nora never once looked down on alternative medicine, but she also has a very deep understanding of alternative medicine. After all, her mother was a leading figure in the world of alternative medicine back then! She found the Carefree Pill formula in the manuscripts that her mother left behind. Part of the credit for the Carefree Pills that all of you have at home right now goes to none other than Nora!” 
Her words easily crushed Elaine’s pretenses and astounded those around them whose feelings had been stoked by Elaine. 
After saying that, Melissa and Simon exchanged a look. With even a second glance at Elaine, the two of them left.
Elaine wanted to go after them and say something, but it was to no avail—because the two of them had already been surrounded by the people around them. “Mr. Anderson, why don’t we talk about the Carefree Pill supply for next month….” 
At the sight of Simon and Melissa surrounded in the center by everyone, Elaine gnashed her teeth in fury. It was at this moment that Jon came over. He stared at the couple with a fierce and sinister look in his eyes and said, “Those people have all been drawn in by the Andersons’ Carefree Pills. They no longer show any respect for the dignity of alternative medicine!” 
Elaine stomped her feet angrily. “Mr. Myers, what should we do now?” 
“What should we do?” Jon suddenly narrowed his eyes. “Since we cannot make them do what we want, then we should go to someone of great reputation and prestige!” 
“Who are you talking about?” Elaine asked excitedly. 
“Dr. Zabe!” 
Jon’s words, however, made Elaine hang her head in disappointment. “Dr. Zabe can’t even get onto his feet anymore. How is he going to come over to uphold justice for us?” 
Jon, however, laughed and said, “There’s something you don’t know. While Dr. Zabe certainly can’t make an appearance anymore, he has a disciple—the one and only disciple he ever took! That person is the true leader of the world of alternative medicine now!” 
###Chapter 492
Chapter 492 There Will Always Be A Way! 
Upon hearing this, Elaine hesitated for a moment. “But that person is so mysterious, and I’ve also heard that they don’t really bother themselves much with miscellaneous affairs. Also, no one knows where they are. Will they help us?” 
Jon, however, smiled mysteriously at her. “Do you know what Yvonne Smith gave the elderly Mrs. Hunt some time back during her birthday party?” 
Elaine answered hesitantly, “The Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill…” 
At this point, Elaine suddenly understood something. “You mean that person has been in New York all this time?” 
Jon nodded. “Moreover, even though Dr. Zabe has been ill for so long, he has been in good spirits all this time, so someone must have treated his illness for him. Who else can that person be, aside from his disciple?” 
Silvester was obviously dying because of old age. 
He was already over ninety, yet despite his bodily functions failing, he was still in good spirits and as weird as ever. Everyone had been speculating in private that it must be his capable disciple who had treated his illness! 
Upon hearing what Jon said, Elaine nodded immediately. “You’re right! If they come forward, Nora Smith’s reputation in New York will be ruined!” 
Even if she was a modern medicine practitioner, and even if she had the Hunts and the Smiths backing her up, in the field of medicine, she would still become a joke who had the audacity to challenge alternative medicine!
Jon nodded. Then, he looked around once more before he leaned toward Elaine and said, “I’ll leave for now. I’m heading to the Zabes’ to take a look!” 
Elaine nodded excitedly. 
Nora, who was unaware that someone was plotting against her, was currently driving to the Zabes’. 
On the way there, she bought some fruits for Silvester. 
When she arrived at the Zabes’, Silvester’s son treated her exceptionally kindly. After all, she had helped him to earn a lot of money from Yvonne the other time! 
Silvester’s son led her into the house earnestly, whereupon they saw Silvester seated in the garden and basking in the sun. 
Silvester was getting advanced in age. He had numerous wrinkles on his aged visage, and he could no longer walk. 
Despite that, he was entirely unconcerned and continued to read his book. 
Nora sat down in front of him and greeted him. “Master.” 
Silvester glanced at her. “Didn’t I tell you not to come over if there’s nothing important? Why are you here again?!” 
Nora thought for a moment and then asked, “I wanted to ask you if there is any way to regenerate a person’s broken bones?”
Regenerating a person’s broken bones… This concept, which seemed to only exist in martial arts novels, was also a legend in reality. 
Silvester slowly put down the book and closed his murky eyes. 
Nora didn’t speak anymore. She knew that her teacher was musing over her question. 
Her introduction to alternative medicine when she was a child, as well as her subsequently becoming Silvester’s disciple was, in fact, thanks to Quinn. He had introduced her to Silvester after seeing her talent in alternative medicine. 
Silvester and she often discussed alternative medicine over the phone… To be honest, this actually wasn’t a good way for someone to learn or teach, but Nora was someone who could immediately understand a topic with just a bit of guidance, so she had ended up studying under Silvester’s tutelage like that. 
Nora had long been accustomed to such behavior from Silvester, so she stayed quiet and waited for him. 
A short while later, Silvester opened his eyes and said, “A bone adhesion balm actually used to exist. If you use it with traditional massage techniques and acupuncture, there may be a chance that it’ll work. However, the bone adhesion balm’s formula doesn’t exist anymore, so you can only create it yourself. Also, the balm exists only in legends, I have never seen it before.” 
Nora nodded when she heard this. 
Silvester called his son over and told him to show Nora the books with mentions of the bone adhesion balm. He said, “I have taught you everything that I know. This is something that I don’t know, either, so you’ll have to research it yourself! Alternative medicine is extensive and profound. Even after spending
my entire life studying it, I have but only scratched its surface. As long as you persist, there will always be a way!” 
Nora was full of respect for him. 
She stood and took the books respectfully. She wanted to say something, but Silvester instead picked up his own book and continued reading. “You can leave if there’s nothing else. Don’t bother me all the time!” 
“… Yes, sir.” 
Silvester’s son was already in his sixties and was rather advanced in age. When he heard what Silvester said, he personally saw Nora out. 
At the same time. 
At the gates to the Zabe residence, the sound of a car pulling over suddenly rang out. 
Jon’s car came to a stop. He opened the car door and walked to the gate. After straightening his clothes, he knocked on the door.
###Chapter 493
Chapter 493 The Misguided Nora Smith 
A servant soon opened the door. Jon said, “I’m here to see Dr. Zabe.” 
When the servant heard this, he said, “Please wait a minute. He is currently with a guest.” 
A guest… Jon was a little surprised. 
Silvester rarely agreed to visitors, and this had been the case for many years. He rejected the visitation requests from most of the people who wanted to learn from him. 
After all, he was in poor health. It was also said that he had mild problems with his memory now. 
Apart from the few old-timers like him who at least had some status in the field of alternative medicine, there was almost no one else who could meet with Silvester. 
However, there was an alternative medicine conference taking place that day, so the old-timers were all there at the moment. Who would visit Silvester at this time? 
While thinking about it, Jon asked, “Who is it?” 
The servant smiled and said nothing. Jon immediately knew that he had crossed the line. He smiled and said, “Please let him know that I’m here. I will wait here.” 
“Okay.” 
When the servant entered Silvester’s room, Silvester’s son just so happened to be seeing Nora out. “This way, Nora.” 
Nora said, “You should also pay more attention to your health too, Mr. Zabe.”
Silvester’s son had also learned medical skills from Silvester. Therefore, even though there was a very big age gap between the two of them, Nora was actually his junior. Silvester’s son laughed and said, “Sigh, that’s the way it is once you become old. I do want my old man to live a few more years, though! This way, I can take care of him for a few more years!” 
Nora heaved a silent sigh inwardly when she heard this. 
When she was a child, she always heard Silvester scolding his son and calling him mediocre, because he was unhappy that he couldn’t inherit his skills in alternative medicine. 
During those times, her senior would always just smile naively. 
But now… Silvester was already over ninety years old, yet his son, who was in his sixties, was still by his side. Wasn’t that also bliss in some way? Some people had a lot of children, all of whom were talented, yet some went overseas and some traveled far away from home. Few stayed by their side. 
Nora subconsciously thought of Pete and Cherry… Well, given how smart the two of them were, they definitely wouldn’t be clingy in the future. 
Once she got on in age, the two of them likely wouldn’t keep showing up in front of her. This way, she wouldn’t become annoyed seeing them all the time, either. The only person whom she would see all the time would probably just be Jus… 
No, wait! 
What was she thinking? They weren’t even married yet, so why was she saving a place for him in her retirement plan? 
Nora shook her head and stepped out while sighing emotionally. The moment she did, she spotted Jon at the door!
The moment the two of them made eye contact, Jon became dumbfounded. 
He looked at Nora in surprise, and then at Silvester’s son in confusion. An astounded look formed on his face, but he quickly suppressed it. 
Nora, however, ignored him and nodded at Silvester’s son. “I’m leaving. You don’t have to see me off any further.” Since they had a guest, he definitely wouldn’t be able to see her off anymore. 
She wasn’t an outsider anyway. 
Silvester’s son smiled and said, “Alright, go ahead!” 
Nora walked straight past Jon and left. 
Even after the door was closed, Jon still hadn’t recovered. 
What was Nora doing at the Zabes? 
Silvester’s son was already speaking politely to Jon. He asked, “Are you here to see my father?” 
Jon nodded. Unable to suppress his curiosity, he asked, “That’s Nora Smith, right? I heard that she is Anti, the surgeon.” 
Silvester’s son nodded. “Seems like it. What’s the matter?” 
Jon followed behind Silvester’s son, and the two headed to the garden where Silvester was. Jon went along with the flow and asked, “What was she doing here?” 
Silvester’s son paused for a moment and thought of how Nora didn’t want anyone to reveal her identity- after all, once exposed, she would definitely become very busy. Thus, he answered, “Oh, she came to
borrow a few books.” 
She came to borrow a few books? 
Jon narrowed his eyes. The way he saw it, she probably came to explain herself to Silvester, right? 
Hah. 
It seemed that she had panicked. After all, publicly making a statement that alternative medicine was inferior to modern medicine was indeed behavior that would attract a lot of hatred. Although they had managed to keep outsiders in check with the Andersons’ Carefree Pills, should Silvester decide to do something, the Carefree Pills’ formula would be everywhere! 
Once that happened, what else could the Andersons produce?! 
The Andersons were surprisingly smart about this, though, and knew that they should seek asylum from Silvester at once! It was just a shame that Silvester absolutely hated people that despised alternative medicine the most. 
In his youth, he had once been suspected of being a fraud and once had a showdown with a modern medicine practitioner. Moreover, as the chairman of the Alternative Medicine Association in the country, his existence itself was what gave the alternative medicine community confidence! 
At this point in Jon’s thoughts, he had already reached the garden. When he saw Silvester sitting there and basking in the sun, he stepped forward and said, “Mr. Zabe, how are you doing these days?” 
When Silvester saw out of the corner of his eye that it was Jon, he continued to hold the book but retracted his gaze. With his murky voice, he asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Silvester had always disliked Jon.
This was something that everyone in the industry knew. Unfortunately, Jon’s medical skills were the next best after Silvester in the next generation of alternative medicine practitioners. Thus, after Silvester stopped bothering himself with the alternative medicine field’s affairs, Jon had taken over as the leader of the alternative medicine field for a period of time. 
When Nora first arrived in New York, Jon’s position in the world of alternative medicine had been impregnable! 
Jon sat opposite Silvester and said, “Mr. Zabe, I am really at my wits’ end now. That’s why I’m coming to you for help!” 
Silvester glanced at him, his aged eyes full of disdain. “What can I help you with? Mr. Myers flatters me so!” 
Jon was so scared that he hastily got up. “I’m not worthy of such politeness from you!” Knowing that the man did not like him making polite small talk, Jon went straight to the point. “I’m here today because there’s a young modern medicine practitioner who is showing blatant disregard for alternative medicine just because she can use her scalpels well. She has publicly declared that alternative medicine is inferior to modern medicine!” 
Bam! 
Silvester threw the book in his hand onto the table and sneered, “Are there still people with such misguided beliefs in New York?” 
Jon was delighted at his reaction. “Yes, that’s right!” 
Silvester sneered, “Aren’t the few of you going to teach that young woman a lesson?”
Jon hurriedly lowered his head and said respectfully, “I want to, but unfortunately, her family is big and powerful, so Lincoln and the others don’t dare to confront her at all. I said a few words at the conference just now, but was immediately rebutted and told not to hold it against a young woman! Is this about that, though, Mr. Zabe? It’s obviously a matter of one’s attitude!” 
Silvester snorted coldly. “Which family is it? Are they that powerful?” 
Jon hurriedly said, “It’s all because the Harmonia Pharmacy’s Carefree Pills are simply selling too well. All everyone can see is money, so no one dares to stand up even for something like this anymore! No matter what, a young person who has said the wrong thing should be chastised a little!” 
The Andersons? 
Harmonia Pharmacy? Silvester was taken aback. “Who are you talking about?” 
Jon replied, “It’s the person who visited you just now, Nora Smith.”
###Chapter 494
Chapter 494 Jon Gets Slapped In The Face 
“What?” 
As though he was stunned, and also as though he had not heard Jon clearly, Silvester’s voice rose instantly. Jon hurriedly explained cautiously, “She’s the daughter that the Smiths have just acknowledged. Her name is Nora Smith. I heard that she is also Justin Hunt’s fiancée… Oh, she also has another important identity, Anti the internationally-known surgeon. She is greatly admired as Anti. I reckon the young woman has gotten too full of herself after being praised a little, so she thinks she’s now invincible in the medical field.” 
Jon glanced at Silvester cautiously at this point. 
He was actually a little unsure about this. 
Given how Yvonne had been able to buy the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill from Silvester, this showed that Silvester was actually in contact with the Smiths. 
In particular, when Nora came to borrow the books just now, she had actually succeeded in doing so… 
This showed that Silvester was also unwilling to offend the Smiths and the Hunts, right? 
With that in mind, he coughed and said, “Mr. Zabe, after giving it some thought… Given her status, it isn’t a good idea to offend herespecially when she has the Smiths and the Hunts backing her up-but considering the positions we hold in the circle, there are certain things that we must do! We cannot chicken out and disregard our beliefs just because of her status. So, I was wondering, how about you lead the way and we go over to teach her a lesson?” 
Silvester frowned and looked at him with a complicated look on his face. “Did you just say that Nora Smith said that alternative medicine is inferior to modern medicine?”
Jon nodded hurriedly. “Yes, she said so in front of all the nurses in the hospital. Elaine Miller heard it. She’s the one who told us the story because she says that she couldn’t stand it anymore. All the other nurses have been bribed by the Hunts and the Smiths, so none of them dare to make any mention of this.” 
That was what Elaine had said. 
As for whether or not they had really bribed the nurses, Jon didn’t care at all! 
He just wanted to ruin Nora! 
Unexpectedly, when he said that, Silvester suddenly scoffed and said, “That’s impossible.” 
Jon was taken aback. “Why wouldn’t it be possible, Mr. Zabe? News of what she did has already spread. Despite the terrible impact the incident has caused, she still blatantly came here to visit you. Surely she wasn’t here to give you a warning, was she?” 
He had deliberately chosen the word “warning”. Given Silvester’s status, doing something like that would be too much. 
However, Silvester was not sent into a rage at all. Instead, he looked straight at Jon and said, “Jon, I’m already over ninety years old. These tricks of yours are too childish in my eyes.” 
Jon: “…” 
Silvester shook his head and said, “Originally, I was planning to recommend you to take over my position as chairman of the Alternative Medicine Association. After all, that lazy disciple of mine doesn’t like to bother with such things. Although I don’t like you, you are scheming enough and you also have the means. In addition, your attitude toward alternative medicine is still considered somewhat pure… But I
didn’t expect that now that you’ve gotten on in age, you have instead lost the ability to see through things properly. Forget it, I’d better choose someone else for the position!” 
He pointed straight at the door and said, “Goodbye!” 
His firm and determined tone made Jon stunned and frozen in place! 
He couldn’t even understand what was going on. “Dr. Zabe, what I said is true. How can you not believe me? She is full of hostility towards alternative medicine!” 
“Hah, even if you claim that everyone in the world is full of hostility towards alternative medicine and despises alternative medicine, there’s no way she would do that!” 
Silvester sounded very sure, which made Jon even more bewildered. “Are you that partial towards her? Why? Did the Smiths or the Hunts give you some kind of benefit? Dr. Zabe! What are you afraid of when you’re already so old? How can you give in to the allure of such worldly possessions?!” Silvester became even more speechless when he heard this. 
He gave his son a look, upon which his son immediately summoned the butler over and sent Jon out at once. 
Jon was ruthlessly driven out of the Zabes! 
When the door slammed shut, Jon was still standing there, unable to react. 
Why was Silvester so sure that Nora would never say those things? 
Nora was Anti. As an internationally renowned surgeon, wasn’t it logical and reasonable that she would look down on alternative medicine?
Nora must have given him enough money just now! 
This was unacceptable! To think even Silvester had been bribed. 
Were the alternative medicine practitioners of the States… really doomed for a downfall?! 
Nora wasn’t aware of the events at the Zabes’. She had already returned home. With the stack of books in her arms, she went upstairs and entered the study. 
After sitting down, she began to read and immersed herself in research. 
She wanted to cure Quentin. 
It wasn’t until a hand pulled away the book in front of her that she finally stopped. Nora frowned with displeasure, turned her head, and rebuked, “Cherry?” 
Cherry was usually the only one who would be up to mischief while she was reading. 
Unexpectedly, when she turned her head, she instead saw Cherry and Pete seated on the sofa beside her and looking at her worriedly. 
The person who had taken her book was actually… Justin? 
Nora’s frown instantly deepened. 
As soon as this expression of hers formed, Cherry immediately whispered to Pete, “I think Daddy is finished, Pete!” 
“… Why is he finished?” asked Pete. 
Cherry continued to whisper, “Mommy’s about to explode! She will definitely smack Daddy’s bottom!” 
Pete: “…”
Nora: “…” 
She touched her head awkwardly. Then, she looked at Justin… only to see that the man’s chiseled face actually looked kinda… expectant? 
Uh… Her eyes must be playing tricks on her. 
She rubbed her temples and asked, “What time is it?” 
Justin: “It’s seven o’clock. You have to eat something and then wash up. It’s time for bed.” 
Nora: “…” 
She coughed. “It’s too early.” 
Justin said, “You usually go to bed at this time. You can continue reading when you wake up tomorrow!” 
Nora, however, tried to grab the book from him. “I don’t have any appetite. Let me read for a couple more hours.” 
But as soon as she stretched out her hand, the nimble man took a step back, Nora did not manage to grab the book. 
Justin raised his eyebrows and looked at her. “Go and eat.” 
Nora got up. Just as Cherry was worried that Mommy would give Daddy a huge thrashing, she instead unexpectedly saw Nora turn around and head downstairs. She was actually… obediently getting something to eat? 
Eh?
Had Mommy changed? 
When she got downstairs, Nora found that dinner that evening was pasta. 
After she sat down, she took out her cell phone. When she turned it on, she found that several people had sent her messages. 
One was a text message from the little psycho: “My little servant, are you ready for my challenge? I’m going to hire Q at a high cost. Do you think I will succeed?” 
A gleam of light flashed in Nora’s eyes as she took a bite of pasta. She replied: ‘No.’ The little psycho: “Hehe, let’s have a competition, then!” Nora slowly typed: ‘Why should I compete with you?’ 
Sure enough, the little psycho fell for it. He wrote: “Then let’s make a bet. If I can get Q on my side, then you are to become my little servant. If not, then I will answer one of your questions in return.” 
A question! 
Nora’s lips curled upwards. That was exactly what she wanted!
###Chapter 495
Chapter 495 Name Your Price, Q 
Nora had too many questions she wanted to ask the little psycho, including how she became pregnant, why she would die if she didn’t give birth, and even about her mother… 
Also, she had already discovered a long time ago that the little psycho actually kept his word. At least, he hadn’t deceived her the other time. 
She narrowed her eyes and replied: ‘Deal.’ 
After sending the message, she happily accessed the Hacker Alliance’s website. Lying quietly in Q’s private message inbox was an email. 
This was the only place that outsiders could send messages to when they wanted to hire hackers. 
Because this was the Hacker Alliance, there was no need to worry about being attacked by other hackers. After all, the world’s most powerful hackers were all there, no one would dare to challenge them. 
At the other end of the dining table. 
Cherry and Pete sat respectively on either side of Justin. All three of them sat quietly as they watched Nora eat. 
However, Nora didn’t even spare them a glance. 
Cherry heaved a silent sigh. “Who is Mommy texting? She actually smiled! Surely Mommy hasn’t found herself other handsome guys out there, right?” When Pete heard this, he gave Justin a pitying glance. Justin’s expression darkened and he said in a low voice, “Don’t talk nonsense.”
Cherry rested her chin on her chubby little hands and pouted. “I’m not talking nonsense, Daddy. I know Mommy too well. Sigh, when we were abroad, I told Mommy to find me a Daddy, but she said that she wasn’t interested in foreigners. Now that we’re back in the States, as expected, she must have become all starry-eyed after seeing handsome guys!” 
Justin: “…” 
Pete asked hesitantly, “But what if Mommy is making a business deal with someone?” 
Cherry rolled her eyes. “Pete, when have you ever seen Mommy making money?” 
Pete: “?” 
Cherry sighed like a mini grown-up. “She only has 75 million dollars worth of savings. In spite of that, she doesn’t bother doing anything every day. If not for my grandaunt overseas, I would probably have been raised in poverty!” 
Pete was stunned. “Mommy only has 75 million dollars?” 
The amount of money he had at his disposal when he played around with investments whenever he was bored was already more than 150 million dollars! 
Cherry nodded. Pete said, “… Mommy really is very poor, then.” 
“Exactly!” Cherry looked as if she had expected better from Nora. She said, “If Mommy really wants to make money, she can make a lot right away, but she instead said that 75 million dollars are enough! How is that enough? It can only buy four sports cars! Sigh!” 
Pete nodded hard empathetically. “I will make lots of money and support Mommy in the future.” 
At this point, a weak voice suddenly came from the door. “Say, um, do the two of you mind supporting an uncle, too?”
Cherry and Pete turned in unison to see Louis standing there. He was looking at them eagerly with his eyes glowing. 
Both Cherry and Pete looked away and started talking to each other again. 
Cherry said, “If Mommy doesn’t want Daddy anymore, then we will have to be separated in the future. Who are you going to follow?” 
Without any hesitation whatsoever, Pete gave Justin a disdainful look and replied, “Mommy. What about you?” 
Justin: “” 
He was about to reprimand the two of them for talking nonsense, but when Pete popped the question, he immediately turned and looked at his daughter! 
Surely Cherry wouldn’t also abandon him and pick her mother over him, right? 
Fearing that he was not the most important person in his daughter’s heart, Justin had been working hard during this period of time to bond with Cherry! 
Sure enough, Cherry looked like she had difficulty choosing. She sighed and said, “I can’t go with Mommy. If I do that, Daddy would be really pitiful.” 
Justin was touched at once. 
As expected, his daughter really was his precious and understanding little baby! She was simply so sensible! However, the next moment, Cherry said, “How about this? I’ll get Daddy to build a house for me and put lots of handsome young men inside. I just need one to cook for me, one to clean the house, one
to sleep with me, and four more to play games with me! This way, I won’t disturb Mommy and Daddy’s new lives, and all of you can also come and visit when you miss me! Isn’t my idea great?” 
Justin: “?” 
e 
V 
It seemed like there was something a little wrong with his precious little baby? It was to the extent that he felt like his hands were itching a little! 
The corners of his lips spasmed and he repeated silently in his heart: “She’s my daughter… She’s my daughter… Endure, endure…!” 
Pete, however, advised her earnestly. “Cherry, you mustn’t let Aunt Brenda lead you astray. You mustn’t think of handsome young men all the time!” Cherry tilted her head. “Then shall I think of beautiful young ladies?” 
Pete: “” 
As Justin listened to their conversation, he thought of how he had panicked when he mistakenly thought that Pete was secretly a little princess in his heart. He mustn’t have the little princess whom he had just acknowledged become a dude deep down in her heart! 
Therefore, Justin immediately said, “It’s better that you like boys instead!” 
Cherry immediately applauded. “Oh yeah! Daddy’s the best!” 
Pete: “”
While the three of them were talking, Nora had already read the email that the little psycho had sent: ‘Q, as long as you leave the Smith Corporation, you can name your price.’ 
Name her price… Tsk, the little psycho sure was rich! 
Nora ate a quarter of the pasta on the plate in one bite. As she chewed, she typed a reply and sent it to the little psycho. 
In the hotel. 
The man leaned back on the sofa. The curtains were tightly drawn together, and no light could shine through at all. 
In the room, someone’s coughing suddenly rang out. “Cough, cough, cough! If you continue to fool around like this, you will bring about your own downfall sooner or later. I’m warning you, don’t go against her!” The little psycho’s sharp voice rang out next. “Are you being nosy again?! I told you, I’m in charge in New York! I am the little master whereas you are just my servant! Besides, why do you care about her so much? Have you fallen in love with her, so you cannot bear to part with her anymore? You’d best not forget our plans!” “Cough, cough, cough…” After another coughing fit, the rich and mellow voice rang out once more. “What nonsense are you talking about? Why would I fall in love with her?” The little psycho broke into a grin. “No? Then why do you keep stopping me from harassing her? Haha!” 
“That’s because… cough… she is harder to deal with than you think!” 
“Hard to deal with? That little fatty grew up under my nose, how could she possibly be hard to deal with? You’re overthinking it too much! Haha, I shall use Q to completely suppress her now! And show her how dark and sinister the world is!” 
“Cough, cough, cough! Can you really convince Q?”
“Money makes the world go round. If I can’t, then there is only one possible reason why.” “Cough, what is it?” 
“That I’m not offering enough money!” 
As he said that, a beep indicating the arrival of a text message rang out. The little psycho immediately raised the phone excitedly like a child and said, “See? Q has replied to me! Now let’s see how much Q is asking for!” 
As he said that, he opened the email…
###Chapter 496
Chapter 496 Playing Along With The Enemy! 
However, he was stunned when he saw the email. 
Written in the email was a row of text: ‘My last name is Smith.’ 
The evil smile on the man’s face immediately disappeared and he cursed softly. “Shit!” 
Going by how Q’s last name was Smith and their reply at this juncture, the man immediately understood that Q was a Smith! 
A Smith… 
If Quentin hadn’t been injured, hospitalized, or caused such a huge ruckus, outsiders indeed wouldn’t have known of his existence at all. 
Even so, to think the Smiths were also rearing a top-class hacker in addition to already rearing someone in the shadows! 
No wonder Joel hadn’t panicked in the least when Yvonne attacked the Smiths! Who was Q? 
The man looked straight at his bodyguards and ordered, “Check Q’s identity!” 
“Yes, sir.” After one of the bodyguards left, a low chuckle rang out in the room. “Cough, cough, cough… Haha, I told you, don’t provoke her.” There was frustration in the little psycho’s shrill voice. “Did you already know? Tell me, what else do you know? Are you hiding anything else from me?!” 
The gentle and mellow voice sighed. “All I know is, you shouldn’t mess with her. I will find a way to get you what you want.”
The little psycho immediately yelled, “What can you get from her? The Grays had been taking care of her since her childhood, and also protected her for so many years! Yet you still haven’t gotten your hands on what we want!” 
He kicked the chair furiously. 
Pushed to the side, the chair made contact with the curtains, causing a ray of light to shine through the curtains onto a man in the room. 
With a handkerchief in his hand, the man seemed to be suppressing a cough. He was wearing a pair of gold-framed glasses and his handsome face looked a little pale and sicklyit was Caleb! 
He frowned and retorted, “Yvette Anderson had already said back then that we won’t be able to get our hands on it through coercive measures! We should try getting along with her daughter instead!” 
After he spoke, he walked over and drew the curtains to prevent others from looking in. 
The little psycho’s grim laugh rang out in the room. “Get along with her? How? You have already been on good terms with her for so many years! If it wasn’t for your nephew who messed up and ruined our plan, she would have been part of the Grays by now! And we would have already gotten everything we wanted! Since your plan has failed, you must obey my orders now! Besides, I am the little master!” 
Caleb started coughing again. He sounded as if he was about to cough his lungs out the very next second. “Anthony was stupid enough to break off the engagement, but I have already punished him.” 
The little psycho’s shrill voice rang out angrily again. “Punished him? Is driving him out of the country even considered a punishment? It’s because you are too indecisive! That’s why it has come down to this!” 
Upon being scolded, Caleb let out a few muffled coughs with his head down.
Seeing that he had seemingly shut up, the little psycho was satisfied. He broke into a grin, revealing shiny white teeth. “You spent twenty years setting up a trap for them, but got played by Yvette Anderson in the end! You can only rely on me to vent that anger now! Just you wait, I will turn her into my little servant! Heh heh…” 
While they were talking, someone knocked on the door. 
Caleb immediately stopped talking. It was as if he wasn’t there at all. 
The little psycho said, “Come in.” 
The bodyguard entered the room and said, “We’ve looked into it. The Smiths indeed aren’t hiding any more youngsters in the family. Among the ones still around, Louis Smith is the one who messes around with computers the most. We have reason to suspect that he is Q!” 
“Heh!” 
The little psycho said, “How dare they make fun of me. Catch him!!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
The bodyguard turned and left. 
After Nora logged into Q’s email account and sent an email to the little lunatic, as expected, the other party did not reply anymore. After waiting for a long while, the other party finally sent her a text message on her cell phone: “It’s my loss this round! You can ask me what you want! You can only ask one question, so make good use of the opportunity~” 
Nora stroked her chin as she stared at the message.
She only had the chance to ask one question. In that case, what should she ask about first? 
Why she would die? 
Or how exactly had she become pregnant? 
She thought for a long while, but in the end, she only asked about one thing: ‘What is your name?! 
If she couldn’t decide which of her questions took more priority, then she might as well ask for information about the other party. This way, it would make it easier for them to catch him! 
Sure enough, the other party replied: “Tsk, you are so interested in me. Surely you aren’t in love with me, are you?” 
Nora: ‘Answer the question.’ 
The little psycho: Trueman Yale.’ 
Nora: “?” 
Why did the name sound so strange? 
Would anyone really call themselves something as literal as “true man”? 
However, she didn’t fuss over it. Instead, she quickly sent the name to Morris and told him to check if there was a Trueman in the list of guests staying in the hotel! 
Morris quickly replied—there wasn’t. His answer was within Nora’s expectations. 
She sent the little psycho a message: ‘Is this your true name?’ 
Trueman: “It’s even truer than my name itself!”
Nora: “…” 
Never mind. 
She put down the phone and sent another message to Morris. 
Louis, who had been completely ignored, looked at them. At last, he sighed and said, “Never mind. I’ll go play games with Chester instead!” 
His presence was simply redundant in the house! 
He felt this especially strongly whenever he came back and saw Justin seated in the living room, which made him feel as if he had returned to the Hunts’ manor instead of the Smiths’ every time he came home. 
He went out and drove out in his fancy little car. He went to feed the stray cats and dogs in the community, and then he drove out again, humming under his breath as he did. 
On the way to the Hunts’ manor was a residential complex filled with villas. As few people lived there, the roads there were quite empty. 
Louis was driving when a car suddenly rushed toward him from behind and rammed straight into his car! 
Frightened, Louis stopped the car and walked straight to the back. As he did, he rolled up his sleeves and said, “Do you know how to drive or not? Are you blind?” 
What bad luck!
The car repairs would cost him money! While speaking, he saw two large and muscular men in black suits suddenly get out of the car! 
Louis was taken aback. He sensitively realized that the accident might have been deliberate. He swallowed hard and started to retreat in fear, but one of the two men was already standing right in front of him! 
“Come with us, Q. Our master wants to see you.” 
Louis: “” 
He waved, wanting to explain that he was not Q. But before he could even speak, the man stepped forward abruptly, grabbed his arm, and yanked him straight into the car! 
Someone got into his car and followed after the other car. 
After the two cars disappeared, a jeep slowly drove out of the bushes in the distance and followed after them! 
In the car. 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. This time, she would see for herself who exactly Trueman was!
###Chapter 497
Chapter 497 Trueman Yale! 
“Mm! Mmm…” 
Louis, whose head had been covered with a black bag and his mouth gagged, was brought into a room by four men. 
His eyes widened in horror. He wanted to speak, but he couldn’t say anything. All he could do was emit muffled cries. The four bodyguards on either side of him were steady on their feet. It was obvious at a glance that they were trained in martial arts. 
There was also another man holding his weak and thin arm. It was as if he could twist and break it with just a bit of force! 
Louis was terrified. It wasn’t until he was forced to sit and securely bound with ropes that the other party finally took out from his mouth whatever they were using to gag him. 
Louis gasped for breath. 
The four strong and muscular bodyguards looked at him. The thin man was such a coward. He had been shaking the whole time on the way here after they kidnapped him. 
His behavior made them look down on him. 
They’d originally thought that he would immediately beg for mercy after they ungagged him. Given how the little master hated such people the most, they reckoned that he would probably order them to kill him straight away! 
But in the end…
The terrified Louis was still shaking in his boots, but he instead said, “Um, can you guys loosen the ropes a little? It’s cutting into that place of mine!” 
The bodyguards: “” 
Louis wanted to shift, but the ropes were simply too tight, rendering him unable to move. 
The kidnappers on either side of him didn’t look like they intended to untie him. From the looks of it, they weren’t going to help him. Sigh, how uncomfortable. 
But shortly after, he heard a slightly shrill voice say, “Loosen the ropes a little. Don’t injure him.” 
Louis was overjoyed. While the bodyguards were loosening his ropes, he smiled in the direction of the voice and said, “Thanks a lot! I didn’t expect kidnappers to be this kind these days. Everyone understands the rules of the industry, right? Family members should not be implicated! Although I don’t have a wife yet, you can’t put my future son at risk, either, right?!” 
After he finished speaking, the room fell silent again for a moment. As he had been blindfolded, Louis couldn’t see what the person talking to him looked like. He tilted his head and thought about it, but in the end, he could only break the silence again. He asked, “The good men here, what are you kidnapping me for? Let me put it out there first 
– I don’t have any money! I am the poorest among all the Smiths!” 
His words made Trueman choke on his breath. Then, he snorted and said, “It’s impossible that Q would be poor. Doesn’t the Smith Corporation pay you any wages?” 
Q? 
Why were they talking about Q again?! Louis was speechless. “I’m not Q!” 
Trueman sneered, “Drop the act, I have already looked into you a long time ago!”
Besides, he had been trembling when he was brought into the room by the kidnappers just now, yet he had suddenly stopped shaking. Additionally, the first thing he had said was to loosen the ropes around him. It was evident that the fear he’d displayed just now was all fake! The guy had great mental resilience! 
Louis: “?” 
He looked tentatively in the direction of the voice. “Uh, who are you? Even if I am Q, what do you want with me? Are you enemies with 
Q?” 
Trueman said slowly, “I wouldn’t say there’s a feud between the two of us.” 
“Then that means you’re after my money and my good looks?” 
Louis cowered. “Surely my looks aren’t worth kidnapping me for, right? Besides, judging from your voice, you’re probably a man. I’m also a man… Oh my god, surely you don’t have some kind of fetish, do you?” 
Trueman: “!!” 
Trueman was seriously ticked off by Louis. They also started digressing. “Even if I’m into men, I won’t be interested in someone like you!” 
Upon hearing this, Louis became indignant. “What’s wrong with me? Which part of me is bad-looking?” 
Trueman: “!” 
He replied disdainfully, “Your dirty blond hair is enough to turn me off!”
“F*ck you, I’m on the one on top, okay?!” 
“Shit! I’m the one on top too!” 
Seeing that the two weirdos were digressing further and further, Louis suddenly heard a violent cough. “That’s enough. Let’s talk business.” 
As soon as the voice rang out, Trueman came back to the matter at hand. “You made me digress from what I wanted to talk about! I don’t like men! Don’t think too much about it!” 
Louis said, “… Then that means you’re after money? Gosh, don’t you know that I am the poorest son in the family? I only get $15,000 a month! I literally use up all my money by the end of the month! I have $4,508.51 on me right now. If you want, I’ll just give it to you. Why bother going so far and even damaging my car? You have to pay for my car repair costs!” 
Trueman retorted, “Who would want that bit of money from you?!” 
Louis said, “Then why kidnap me if you’re not interested in it? Are you planning to demand ransom from Joel? Sigh!” 
With tears abound in his eyes, Louis said, “I am the most unpopular person among the Smiths. Everyone at home treats me as if I don’t exist! If you ask Joel for $15,000, he may still give it to you. But if you ask for more, he would probably abandon me. Sob…” 
Trueman grinned as he listened to Louis. “You’re so pitiful, hahaha-“. 
Louis got mad. “What are you laughing at if you think I’m pitiful? Don’t you have any sympathy for others?” “Sympathy? What’s that? Nope, I don’t.” Trueman started chatting with him again. 
This time, the coughing person didn’t even need to say anything. Louis straight-up reminded him and said, “C’mon, talk. What the hell did you kidnap me for?!” Trueman replied, “Heh, of course, it’s because
you helped the Smiths! Your identity as Q means that there are irreconcilable differences between the two of us! But if you agree to join us and betray the Smiths, I can pay you a lot!” 
Louis was a little startled when he heard the first half of his words. He was about to explain that he really wasn’t Q when he heard the part about remuneration at the end. His blindfolded eyes lit up at once! 
Remuneration meant money, which was what he lacked the most at the moment! 
Louis coughed. “How much can you give me?” 
Seeing that he was betraying the Smiths so easily, Trueman sneered, “The Smiths are simply too much. They refuse to pay you much, yet they still want you to work for them. But our organization is different. We definitely cherish top-class hackers like you! Name your price!” 
Name his price? 
Louis said cautiously, “Seventy-five…” 
Before he could finish the rest of the “seventy-five thousand dollars” he was about to say, Trueman interrupted him. “75 million dollars to stop you from ever working for the Smiths again? No problem!” 
Louis: “!!!” 
He was dumbfounded. In fact, he was even somewhat in disbelief. “Really?” 
He was offering him so much?! Trueman said, “Truer than even my name itself!” 
Louis swallowed. “I don’t believe you will give me that much money!” 
Trueman immediately said, “I can give you a deposit!”
After speaking, he looked to the side and said, “Transfer 15 million dollars to his bank account!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Trueman rested his chin on his hand and said, “This way, you won’t be able to explain yourself to the Smiths anymore. Heh, you can call this a way of sowing discord between you 
guys!” 
Louis: “…” 
While the few of them were spacing out, faint footsteps suddenly rang out outside the door. Then, with a loud bang, someone opened the door!
###Chapter 498
Chapter 498 Exposing Her Own Identity! 
Nora followed the kidnappers all the way to an inconspicuous little house. 
Surrounded by weeds, the place looked like a small community due to being demolished, except that the new houses hadn’t yet been built. Small houses of varying heights filled the place, making it very suitable for people who might have to flee or move about. 
Therefore, Nora didn’t rush in immediately when she arrived. 
Firstly, she was concerned that there might be an ambush inside. 
Secondly, she was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to keep so many of them under control, which might allow Trueman to escape. Thus, she waited for a couple of minutes until Morris and Brenda arrived with the men from the special department. Only then did they rush in together. 
Morris was dressed in a black windbreaker as usual, and he looked smart and dashing. 
What surprised Nora was that Brenda was also wearing a black windbreaker, making her fair skin and black clothes form a sharp contrast. Coupled with the woman’s good looks, she looked exceptionally like eye candy. 
Seemingly having sensed Nora’s gaze, Brenda raised her eyebrows and blew her a kiss in a dashing manner. She smiled and said, “Don’t be scared, Nora. Just stay behind me when we rush in later. I will protect you!” 
“…Oh, okay,” Nora said. 
Morris gestured behind him, upon which someone immediately came forward. One of the men pushed open the door gently and threw a smoke bomb into the room. Then, Morris kicked the door open with a loud bam and rushed in like the wind! 
Brenda wanted to protect her sister-in-law, but when she turned her head, she instead saw Nora following closely after Morris and rushing into the room. 
She got a huge shock at once. When she hurriedly followed them in, she found that Morris had already subdued one of the bodyguards while another bodyguard was attacking Nora! 
Ever since her big fight with Abigail the other time, it had been very long since Nora last had a good workout. She was about to punch the man when something suddenly flashed across her vision. Brenda appeared in front of her and swiftly took down the big muscular man in front of her. 
Then, she quickly kicked another man. They didn’t even need anyone else to do anything. She and Morris took out the four bodyguards two-to-one by themselves. 
The smoke from the smoke bomb gradually dispersed. The others from the special department surrounded the place to prevent anyone from escaping. Nora quickly walked over to Louis. After making sure he was okay, she breathed a sigh of relief. 
Louis, however, was dumbfounded. “Who are you?” 
“It’s me.” 
Nora took off the bag covering Louis’s head as she spoke. Upon regaining his sight, Louis’s eyes immediately reddened and tears fell from his eyes. 
Thinking that he was badly frightened, Nora pressed her lips together at the sight. To be honest, this was indeed her fault.
After she sent the mail to Trueman as Q, she’d originally thought that he would text her and demand an explanation. However, the other party had instead gone silent. 
After thinking about it for a while, when Louis went out, she suddenly realized that Trueman might have misunderstood something. 
She had then immediately contacted Morris. She also went after Louis, but before she could catch up to him, he had been kidnapped. 
As a result, she hadn’t been able to talk to him about this in advance. 
At the bottom of it all, she was the one who had implicated Louis. 
Nora was about to comfort him when Louis asked, “Why couldn’t you have come a little later instead?” 
This way, he would have received the 15 million dollars! 
Nora: “” 
After Louis said that, he turned to where Trueman had been speaking just now. 
When Nora followed his gaze and looked over, she spotted a monitor and a surveillance camera. They had likely been in the midst of a video call just now. The other party’s screen had blacked out by now, so Nora couldn’t see the other party’s appearance. However, the audio was obviously still connected. 
Nora hesitated for a moment and slowly said, “Trueman?” 
Trueman’s voice was a man’s, and it sounded a little shrill. “Heh! So it really is you! Did you think I would put myself in such a dangerous situation?”
Nora also sneered, “Of course, I didn’t think that I would catch you all at once, either. But getting rid of a few of your subordinates and making you lose four bodyguards also sounds pretty good, doesn’t it?” 
Her words angered Trueman. “Shit!” 
It was only when she heard his response that she truly became sure that he was indeed Trueman. 
But after that, she heard Trueman laugh. “However, you only managed to capture four of my bodyguards despite using Q as bait, whereas I have reached a consensus with Q during this period of time!” Nora: “?” 
A little surprised, she subconsciously asked, “What consensus?” 
“Heh,” Trueman said, “I have reached an agreement with Q just now. I’m buying him out with 75 million dollars to provide me service. Also, I have paid him a 15 million dollar deposit just now. After that, I will have him hack the Smith Corporation at an appropriate time!” 
Nora: “!” 
She was stunned. “What?” 
Trueman became even smugger. “Yes, that’s the deal between the two of us! I’ve already transferred a 15 million dollar deposit to his bank account. Q, once you succeed, I will transfer the remaining 60 million dollars to you! I hope you won’t let me down! Haha-“ 
Nora looked at Louis. 
Louis had been freed by then. When he heard what Trueman said, he took out his cell phone at once, upon which he saw the notification from the bank informing him that he had received a fund transfer of 15 million dollars in his bank account.
Even Louis himself was dumbfounded. “He really transferred it to me?” 
After speaking, he suddenly realized something. He swallowed and hurriedly looked at Nora. “Nora, I was just joking with him… and stalling for time!” 
His words made Trueman laugh even harder. “Not bad, Q! By answering them that way, you should be able to win the Smith Corporation’s trust and recognition!” 
Then, he looked at Nora and said, “It is true that he was just stalling for time, but can you guarantee that he hasn’t become partial towards me? Hahaha- He has already told me all about his hardships just now!” 
A puzzled Nora repeated, “His hardships?” 
“That’s right!” Trueman said, “The Smith Corporation has groomed such an excellent hacker, but Q has never accepted any external gigs all these years, so he doesn’t have any income! On top of that, the Smith Corporation only gives him a monthly salary of $15,000! To think you people are oppressing and letting a top-class hacker like him go to such waste! I’m sure Q must already be full of resentment towards you!” Nora looked at Louis. “Resentment?” 
Louis hurriedly waved. “No, I promise I don’t harbor any resentment towards Joel at all!” 
Trueman, however, laughed. “Uh-huh, no resentment at all! But Nora, would the Smith Corporation still dare to use Q, who has already taken a 15-million-dollar deposit from me? Can you really rest assured knowing that? And Q, what about you? Are you willing to live knowing that other people will forever be suspicious of you?” 
His way of driving a wedge between the two of them… 
Had Louis really been Q, Trueman would really have succeeded.
But unfortunately… 
Nora suddenly smiled. “Who told you that Louis is Q?” 
Trueman was stunned to hear that. “What do you mean?” 
Nora looked at the camera and slowly curled her lips into a smile. “It means that…”
###Chapter 499
Chapter 499 Mr. Gray, You Know Trueman Yale! 
“Thank you for the 15 million dollars! I’ll just take it as compensation for our little Louis!” 
As soon as Nora said that, on the other end of the call, Trueman seemed to realize something. He immediately exclaimed, “Is he really not Q?” 
Nora did not answer him. 
Nevertheless, it seemed like Trueman had understood. He immediately cursed in a low voice, “Shit! You —”. 
But before he could finish, the call was cut off! 
Nora frowned. 
Wasn’t Trueman the little master? Who would dare to disconnect his call when he was still speaking? 
In the midst of her hesitation, Louis stood and looked at Nora cautiously. Then, he blinked and asked, “Um, Nora, those 15 million dollars… are you really giving it to me as compensation to help me get over the shock?” 
This was the biggest amount of money that Louis, whose monthly living expenses had been withheld from him by Joel ever since he was a child, had ever seen in his life. He had seen a million dollars at Chester’s house before, but this was the first time he was seeing funds that amounted to more than ten million dollars! 
He had counted on his cell phone just nowthere were several zeros between the sum and his savings!
Little Louis would like to express just how dumbfounded he was at suddenly becoming a millionaire like that! 
Upon hearing what he said, Nora was puzzled. “You don’t want it?” 
“No! No! I want it very much!” Louis immediately stuffed the bank card into his pocket and covered his pocket with both hands. The way he looked was as if he would fight to the death anyone who dared to take the bank card from him! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. She simply couldn’t bear to watch him anymore. 
Brenda couldn’t help but whisper to Nora, “Nora, are the Smiths about to go bankrupt?” 
Look at how desperate they had forced little Louis to be! 
It was just 15 million dollars, yet he was close to regarding it as his family heirloom. 
Nora: “…” 
She suddenly found Louis a little embarrassing. 
Nevertheless, she looked at Morris. 
Louis had received 15 million dollars from the battle between the special department and the mysterious organization. Although he had tricked the other party into giving it to him through his own abilities, should Morris request that he submit it, Louis would have to do so. 
In the end, Morris behaved as if he hadn’t heard them at all. He turned to the bodyguards on the floor and said, “Tell me, where is your master?” 
Alright, it seemed that he wasn’t going to bother doing anything about it
In that case, Nora didn’t pursue the matter about Louis any further. Instead, she turned and left. 
Even after the four bodyguards were arrested, the other party hadn’t become anxious. This showed that Trueman was very sure that the four of them would not betray him. 
In that case, there was probably not much use even if they interrogated them. 
She decided to take Louis out of the room. 
On the way out, she asked Louis, “What did Trueman say to you?” Louis’s eyes were constantly fixed on his pocket. His fingers were also still pressed against it. He was behaving even more neurotically than when he had been kidnapped. “Nora, do you think anyone will steal my money?” 
Nora: “…” 
Louis went on. “Or rob me? Or… Will the bank confiscate the money when they see that I received 15 million dollars for nothing? I won’t wake up tomorrow to see the money gone, right?” 
Nora rubbed her temples and continued to drive her jeep. “Since you are so worried, why don’t I inform Joel about it and have him take care of the money for you?” 
Her one-liner successfully made Louis sit up straight. “That won’t be necessary. I think I can manage it myself.” 
“You aren’t afraid of losing it anymore?” 
“No, not anymore!” 
Nora could only repeat her question from just now. “What did Trueman say to you?”
Louis began to think. 
The Smiths’ genes were relatively good, so everyone in the family was smart. Moreover, the incident had only just happened, so Louis remembered everything. He repeated his conversation with Trueman from beginning to end. 
When she heard the part where they were talking about whether Trueman was kidnapping Louis for money or for his looks, Nora’s lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. She found their conversation absolutely meaningless. 
However, right at this point, she suddenly heard Louis mention that someone had coughed in the middle of the conversation and that he had reminded the other man to go back on track. She narrowed her eyes. 
Nora suddenly looked at Louis. “Someone was coughing?” 
At the hotel. 
Trueman was smashing things in an exasperated rage. He shouted angrily, “Just who exactly is Q?! Surely it can’t be Nora Smith, right?!” Caleb coughed twice before he sighed and replied, “Perhaps it really is her.” “That’s impossible!” Trueman yelled shrilly, “A normal person can be top-notch in a certain industry, but it is impossible for them to be top-notch in two! Unless they’ve taken our drug!” 
But after he said that, he paused and asked incredulously, “You mean…” 
“Cough, cough, cough…” Caleb was still coughing violently. “Don’t forget that her mother is Yvette Anderson! Also, when she fled the organization back then, she had taken the organization’s most prized possession with her.”
Trueman was stunned. However, he quickly sneered and said, “That’s true… No wonder she is not interested in the genetic modification drug anymore! It seems that I’ll have to take some other measures!” 
At this moment, a cell phone suddenly rang. Trueman picked up the phone and glanced at it. “It’s yours!” 
Caleb tapped the answer button, upon which Nora’s familiar voice rang out on the other end. “Hello, Mr. Gray. I wonder if we can meet?” 
Caleb lowered his head. “Of course. Cough, cough, cough, cough… You can pick the place.” 
Nora selected an address. When she hung up, she looked at Louis and asked, “Was that the voice you heard?” She had gone on speaker mode during the call just now! 
Louis nodded and confirmed it. “Yes! I’m very sure that’s the voice!” 
The coughing and the deep, mellow voice were simply too distinctive. 
Nora’s jaw tensed up and she nodded. 
After she sent Louis to the Smiths’ in the jeep, she said to him, “You can go in first. I will go and meet him.” Louis nodded. 
Louis got out of the car obediently. When he entered the living room, he saw Justin seated on the sofa. When the latter saw him, he asked hesitantly, “Where is Nora?” 
Louis’s hand was pressed against his pocket as he stared at Justin warily. The way he looked at everyone was as if he thought they would steal his money. He replied, “She went on a date!” Justin: “”
When Nora arrived at the cafe they had agreed to meet at, Caleb was already seated. He was holding a handkerchief and coughing. 
There was a glass of water in front of him. 
At the sight of Nora, a gentle look appeared on his face and he said, “I’m not in good health, so I can’t drink coffee at night.” 
Nora nodded and sat opposite him. “Sorry, I’ll pick a better place next time.” Caleb smiled. His gentle features were as refreshing as a spring breeze. Dressed in a gray suit, the man, who was nearly thirty, exuded a mature charm. He asked, “What can I do for you, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora thought for a while and went straight to the point. “Mr. Gray, you know Trueman Yale, right?” 
Caleb was taken aback. 
Nora leaned forward and stared straight at him. “Can you tell me, what exactly do you people want from me”
###Chapter 500
Chapter 500 Jealous 
Seemingly because he hadn’t expected that Nora’s senses would actually be so keen that she would outright say that, Caleb was stunned. Then, he subconsciously looked around. 
“Don’t worry,” Nora said, “I didn’t inform Captain Ford and the others.” 
Caleb was even more surprised when he heard that. Then, he finally regained his senses and let out a wry laugh. “How much of it have you guessed?” 
Nora leaned against the chair. “I don’t know why my mother especially chose to go to California after she left New York. Later, I found out that the Grays had already started making a living in California at that time. Therefore, is it correct of me to say that she went to California to propose a partnership-or rather, seek asylum-with the Grays?” 
Caleb nodded. “Your mother was a brilliant person. No, the part about seeking asylum is not true. The two families could only be said to be cooperating with each other.” 
Nora didn’t expect Caleb to respect her mother so much that he would actually explain. 
She nodded. “After my mother passed away, it was because I had a marriage agreement with the Grays that Henry didn’t starve me to death.” 
She had actually already been aware of a lot of things when she was a child. 
When she was three, there was once where she was simply too hungry. When she went downstairs to look for food, she had heard what Henry said at that time. He had said, “She has a marriage agreement with the Grays after all. The Grays have also approached me several times to tell me to take care of her, so no matter what, we mustn’t let her die.” 
One could say that her marriage agreement with the Grays was what had protected her during her childhood. However, Quinn had already gone to look for her at that time, so even if Henry had really been determined to starve her to death, Quinn would not have let her die anyway. 
“Yeah, this was an agreement with your mother. We were to ensure that you survive until you come of age.” 
Caleb didn’t hide anything. After saying this, he took out a handkerchief, held it over his mouth, and started coughing violently. The coughing fit this time seemed a little hard to quell. It wasn’t until he took a sip of water that he finally managed to suppress it. 
Nora fell silent for a moment at this point of the conversation. 
In the past, she didn’t have much of an impression of her mother. After all, she had already passed away when she was still a child. The only thing she had an impression of was the audio message that she had left her, and even so, the message had warned her not to be too conspicuous and to be mediocre. Otherwise, she would be in danger.
After that came the audio recording that her mother had left behind which Caleb had let her listen to the other time. It was a conversation between her and Henry when they were making the deal. What she had said at that time was, ‘everything was fine as long as she didn’t starve to death.’ 
Her words were obviously like those of an irresponsible mother. 
But when she thought about it in this instant… Quinn, the Grays, and perhaps also some other things that she wasn’t yet aware of—they had all been arranged by her mother to protect her! 
When she thought of it that way, Yvette’s image in her heart suddenly became fleshed out. 
Nora calmed herself down and asked, “Was that why the Grays had firmly refused to break off the engagement even when I became pregnant by accident? Was that why they had still insisted that Anthony marry me?” Caleb nodded. “Yes. We had already promised your mother, so we couldn’t breach the agreement just because of that.” 
Nora frowned. 
She then asked, “Then how did I get 
pregnant?” 
When Caleb heard this, he sighed. “I really don’t know about that. Your pregnancy was something that I totally hadn’t expected. Otherwise, Anthony would never dare to go against my orders and abandon the marriage agreement, resulting in the current awkward situation.” 
Nora was a little taken aback. “So, the agreement between my mother and the Grays was that I would marry into the Grays… And then she will give you something after that?” 
Caleb nodded. 
Nora finally got it. “No wonder Anthony only asked for the company that my mother had left behind after he broke off our engagement. But I’ve already checked the company—there’s nothing in there! I’ve also asked some of the old-timers there. None of them know anything about what my mother may have left behind. So, what exactly are you guys after?” 
Caleb was a little surprised to hear this. “She didn’t leave anything behind?” 
Nora nodded. “Or at least, I haven’t found anything even as of now.” 
This was a fair conversation. Since Caleb had told her about the past, Nora should also be truthful with him. 
Caleb frowned. Then, he heaved a huge sigh. “I’m afraid he’s not going to believe it.” 
“Trueman?” asked Nora. 
“Yeah.” 
Nora then asked aggressively, “What on earth does he want?” 
After hesitating for a while, Caleb shook his head. “I don’t know what it is, either. All I know is that it is very important.” 
Nora frowned. 
What was it that was so important to Caleb and the mysterious organization?
She looked at Caleb hesitantly. Suddenly, she thought of something. “Mom said that if I shine too brightly, I will attract lethal danger to myself. She must be talking about the mysterious organization, right? Was it because of you that they didn’t discover me during all those years I was in California?” Caleb nodded. “Yes, but from the moment that you returned to New York, the mysterious organization has discovered your existence. My protection of over twenty years has all become meaningless.” Nora was taken aback. “Why did you hide my identity for me?” 
Caleb was a member of the mysterious organization. If the members of the mysterious organization were looking for her, then why was Caleb helping to hide her? 
Caleb’s jaw tensed up when he heard this. He suddenly said, “Because… I promised your mother. Besides, I actually don’t agree with some of the mysterious organization’s practices. Cough, cough, cough, cough…” 
He started coughing again at this point. 
Nora looked at him. 
After the coughing fit, Caleb finally said, “Sorry.” 
His brows were locked in a deep frown as if he was suppressing something. “I don’t actually know much. I am just an outsider in the mysterious organization.” 
An outsider… Yet he could speak directly with Trueman? 
Since Trueman was known as the little master, he must have a high status within the mysterious organization! 
some reas
In spite of that, for some reason, Nora felt that Caleb’s words were very trustworthy. She nodded and said, “Okay, I believe you.” 
She stood up. “I have one last question for 
you.” 
Caleb nodded. “Go ahead.” 
Nora asked, “My mother… Is she a good person or a bad one?” 
Caleb was taken aback for a moment. 
A mysterious organization that conducted human experiments was undoubtedly not anything good, yet Nora’s mother had been involved with them the whole time. 
Later, she was even pursued by the mysterious organization… 
Something must have happened. 
After a long silence, Caleb finally sighed and said, “I’m sorry, I don’t know. When your mother left the organization, I was still very young.’ 
Still very young… yet he could make a deal with her mother? 
Now that she thought about it, Caleb must have been only four or five years old when her mother gave birth to her, right? 
Nora became hesitant. She was about to ask something when Caleb suddenly asked, “If… and I mean if… If your fiancé back then had been me, would our relationship be different now?”
Nora was taken aback at his words. 
She didn’t see that the cafe’s doors had opened and that Justin was already striding toward them. 

###Chapter 501
Chapter 501 Biological Siblings~ 
Nora did not understand why Caleb would suddenly say this. While she was in a daze, a deep and magnetic voice interrupted the two of them domineeringly. “Mr. Gray, it’s a pity that there are no ifs in this world.” 
She was slightly stunned and turned around to see Justin standing behind her. 
He stretched out a hand and pressed it on Nora’s shoulder as if he was announcing his sovereignty. His eyes were even deeper as he looked at Caleb. “Also, I don’t need anyone to help me raise my child and wife.” 
After saying this, he looked at Nora. “Are you guys done talking?” Nora: “…Yes.” 
For some reason, when she met the man’s eyes, she felt guilty as if she had been caught red-handed. 
Justin lowered his head slightly and smoothed her hair before smiling. “Then, come home with me? Cherry and Pete won’t sleep without you.” 
“… Alright.” 
The two children were clearly very sensible. Why did he say that they would not sleep without their mommy? 
Nora’s lips twitched as she followed Justin out. 
After taking two steps, she was suddenly stopped. “Miss Smith.”
Nora turned around and saw Caleb standing up as well. He continued to cough, and when he met Justin’s hostile gaze, he smiled. “I just want to ask you one last question.” 
“Go ahead.” 
Nora was very polite to him. After all, this person was in the same generation as her mother. Actually, she still had to call him uncle. 
Caleb said, “Since you recognized me, why didn’t you bring anyone with you?” 
These words made Nora pause. 
After some thought, she suddenly smiled. “I believe in my mother.” 
Caleb was stunned. 
Nora said, “She handed me to you, so you probably won’t harm me. By the same logic, since I don’t know the truth, I can’t have you arrested just like that.” 
Caleb’s deep eyes revealed a hint of relief. He lowered his head and coughed twice before smiling. “I understand.” 
Nora glanced at him and could not help but say, “If there’s anything you need my help with, please feel free to ask.” 
After all, he had protected her for so many years. If he asked her to help treat an illness, she would definitely not reject him. 
Caleb nodded. “…Okay.” 
After saying this, Nora left with Justin.
Caleb stood at the same spot and watched the two of them leave. Suddenly, he lowered his eyes, revealing a lonely look. He returned to the hotel. 
As soon as he entered, he heard Trueman’s sharp voice. “What were you guys talking about?” 
Caleb coughed. “It’s nothing. You don’t need to know.” 
Trueman sneered. “Caleb, have you forgotten who you are?” 
Caleb did not say anything. 
Trueman seemed to see through his thoughts as he smiled. “I know. You like her!” 
For the first time, Caleb’s tone became serious. “Don’t speak nonsense!” “Hahahaha, this is the first time I’m seeing you angry. To be able to make the usually gentle you so angry, it looks like I’ve exposed your thoughts! Are you regretting now that the person engaged to her back then was not you? Moreover, it should have been you!” 
“Shut up! Cough, cough, cough, cough…” 
“Tsk, it’s so fun to see you so exasperated right now. Hahaha… If you don’t tell me what you were talking about, do you think I won’t know? I’ll definitely find a way! Caleb, you better recognize reality and not betray the organization, okay?” 
— 
Nora did not know about the dispute in the hotel. At this moment, she was driving with Justin on the way back to the Smiths. 
The man sat in the front passenger seat and did not say a word.
Nora glanced at him from the corner of her eye. Her lips curled up slightly. “Why do I smell jealousy?” 
Justin sighed. He really couldn’t do anything to her. 
He was about to say something when Nora’s phone rang. She picked up the call and Maureen’s voice came from the other end. “Nora, where did you and Mr. Hunt go? Mrs. Hunt is here!” 
When he heard this, Justin’s phone rang. He picked it up and Brenda’s voice came from the other end. “Justin, Grandma went to the Smiths!” 
Nora: “…” 
Justin: “…” 
At the Smiths. 
Joel looked at Mrs. Hunt politely. “Mrs. Hunt, it’s already so late. Why did you come to the Smiths? You could have called me over if there’s anything…” 
Supported by the butler, Mrs. Hunt bent over and looked upstairs with a walking stick in her hand. “Where’s Justin?” 
Joel coughed. “He went out.” 
Mrs. Hunt asked again, “Went out? But I heard from his office that Justin doesn’t have to work overtime today. Where’s Miss Smith?” 
Joel: “She went out too.” 
Mrs. Hunt laughed dryly. “So the two of them abandoned their children and went out together?” 
Joel was a little awkward. “Not really…”
“Why? Did they take the children out as well?” 
Joel explained, “Mr. Hunt went to pick Nora up from work.” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her eyes. “Although we have a nanny at home, it’s really inappropriate for these two to leave the two children at home.” 
Joel nodded. “You’re right. When they return, I’ll definitely tell them this.” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled. “Mr. Smith, I wonder which room my Pete is in? I’ll go upstairs to see him.” 
As she spoke, she stood up and was supported by the butler as they walked to the elevator. 
Joel wanted to stop her. “Mrs. Hunt, this isn’t quite appropriate.” 
Mrs. Hunt stopped in her tracks. “Why not? As his great-grandmother, I’m going to see my great- grandson. Is there a problem?” 
Joel was about to speak when Mrs. Hunt smiled. “Of course, I can’t see her daughter without Miss Smith’s permission. But I don’t need to trouble you to worry about my great-grandson. Which room is he in?” 
Mrs. Hunt was really angry! 
Justin had already stayed with the Smiths for more than half a month. If this continued, The Hunts would become laughing stocks in New York! 
Hearing the faint disdain in her words, Joel’s expression darkened. 
He suddenly smiled. “In room 203 upstairs.”
He accompanied Mrs. Hunt upstairs. When they arrived at room 203, Mrs. Hunt frowned. “This should be Miss Smith’s room, right? Pete is sleeping here?” 
“Yes,” Joel said. “Pete insisted on sleeping here.” 
Mrs. Hunt sneered in her heart. “Then I’m going in to take a look! At the same time, I can see Cherry! But, Mr. Smith, your family is too careless. Although Cherry and Pete are only five years old, they’re not biological siblings. It’s not good for them to sleep together like this, right?”
###Chapter 502
Chapter 502 Mrs. Hunt Was Slapped in the Face! 
Joel’s expression turned even uglier. 
Before he could say anything, another voice said, “Mrs. Hunt is right.” 
Joel was stunned. He turned around and saw Ian coming out. 
He was in good health and no longer needed to be hospitalized. Today, Lily had finally agreed to let him be discharged. He couldn’t wait to go home and meet his granddaughter and daughter. However, he didn’t expect to see Mrs. Hunt right after he returned. 
Especially after hearing what Mrs. Hunt said, he was furious. 
Ian endured the discomfort in his heart and pushed the wheelchair over. Although he was sitting and was very thin, his aura was very strong. 
Mrs. Hunt felt a little uncomfortable when she saw him. 
Although Joel was very powerful when it came to managing Smith Corporation, he was still a grandson. Just like Justin, no matter how powerful he was, he was still her grandson in front of her. 
Therefore, she could still suppress him. 
However, Ian had been in power for so many years. He was very dignified, especially back then when Justin had yet to grow up and her son had failed to live up to expectations. In fact, the Hunts had always been suppressed by the Smiths until they could barely breathe. 
Therefore, she was very afraid of Ian. 14.192.208.229
A smile immediately appeared on her face. “How is your health? Have you been discharged?” 
Ian said nonchalantly, “I won’t die yet. At least I can support my daughter for a few years to prevent her from being bullied again at such a young age!” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she immediately said, “How could that be? Who dares to bully your daughter?” 
Ian looked at her and smiled. “Mrs. Hunt, we both know that women are physically weaker than men. When they marry someone, won’t they become someone else’s? But as long as I’m still a father, I won’t allow my daughter to be looked down on!” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her eyes. “If she wants to be looked at by others, her family background is one thing, but her character and capability must be passable, right?” 
When he heard the word “capability,” Ian raised his eyebrows and smiled even brightly. “Your words have reached the bottom of my heart. In the future, the person my daughter is going to marry will definitely admire her from the bottom of his heart. He will respect and love her. If there is even the slightest bit of contempt, I will not agree to it!” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her eyes and smiled. “Even if it’s for your sake, I don’t think anyone in New York will dare to look down on her. But Miss Smiths’s daughter… she’s called Cherry, right? Well, with the Smiths protecting her, she should be fine…” 
The Smiths were protecting her… 
Ian sneered. “Yes, Cherry has nothing to do with the Hunts. Is that what you mean, Mrs. Hunt?” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled. “You can’t say that. Miss Smith and Justin are together now. Of course, Cherry is also half a daughter of Justin. It’s not that the Hunts can’t afford to raise a girl. It’s just that her status makes it
a little awkward.” Ian interrupted her, “I understand what you mean. Don’t worry about this. I like Cherry very much. She wouldn’t be bothering the Hunts to take care of her!” 
His words made Mrs. Hunt heave a sigh of relief. 
To be honest, although Justin had Pete, with his status and face, which woman was not in his reach? 
So many wealthy ladies were fighting to marry into their family! 
But he just had to fall for a woman with such a burden. It would be so embarrassing if word got out! 
This was what Mrs. Hunt had been struggling with recently. 
As the matriarch of the Hunts, it was fine even if Nora had grown up in the countryside. 
In the future, she would not be allowed to interfere in the family’s financial matters. 
She would just treat it as raising a flower! 
Anyway, Pete would grow up very quickly. In the future, she would find an appropriate wife for Pete and let her replace Nora. After all, Nora was Ian’s daughter. With her status here, she was worthy of the Hunts! But alas, if only Nora did not have that daughter! 
Now that Ian had taken on the little girl, everything was easy. A genuine smile finally appeared on Mrs. Hunt’s face. She felt that the Smiths were really very sensible. However, it made sense after some thought. It was definitely Nora’s fortune to be able to marry Justin. The Smiths must have felt that they had picked up a huge bargain. 
She felt an inexplicable sense of superiority and did not notice the mockery on Ian’s face.
After Ian solved this big problem, Mrs. Hunt felt that she should express her stance. Therefore, she smiled and said, “Don’t worry, Ian. I’ll treat Miss Smith well in the future.” 
When she said this, Ian made a surprised expression, but then he came to a realization. “The Smiths and the Hunts can be considered family friends. If Mrs. Hunt sees my daughter on any occasion in the future, it’s only right that you take care of her.” 
Mrs. Hunt:? 
She was stunned and suddenly felt that there was something wrong with this sentence. 
What did he mean by seeing her on some occasion… 
She said directly, “What occasion? Are you planning to let the two of them move out after their marriage?” Ian was even more surprised. “What marriage?” 
Mrs. Hunt was even more confused. “After Miss Smith and Justin get married…” 
Ian frowned. “How could the two of them get married?” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. “Aren’t they together?” 
Ian laughed. “It’s just two young people in puppy love. Who hasn’t fallen in love before marriage? However, I haven’t agreed to their marriage!” Mrs. Hunt was even more confused. “But they’re already engaged!” 
“Engaged?” 
Ian was even more surprised. “Why didn’t I know about the engagement? When? Where? Did they exchange rings?”
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She frowned. “You… don’t agree with them being together?” 
Ian lowered his eyes. “Of course not. Mr. Hunt is not a good match. Even if my daughter marries him, I’m afraid she won’t be able to resolve the complicated situation in your family. Haha, our family doesn’t have any internal conflicts. Nora grew up in the countryside. She’s simple-minded, but she can’t take on the role of Mrs. Hunt!” 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
She suddenly felt a little delighted! 
This was not her separating Nora from Justin. It was Ian! 
She did not want Justin to marry someone who had a child and to raise another person’s child. It would be so embarrassing if word got out! 
She smiled instantly, her chin lifting. 
Before she could say anything, Ian pointed at the room and said, “By the way, weren’t you going to see Pete? Don’t let me keep you!” 
He was waiting for Mrs. Hunt to be slapped in the face! 
Mrs. Hunt nodded and pushed the door open happily before walking in. The lights in the room were switched on, and the two children were sleeping on the bed. 
The one facing her had an exquisite and cute little face. Wasn’t it Pete?
She walked over and touched the child’s cheek. At this moment, the child on the other side suddenly turned around…
###Chapter 503
Chapter 503 Face Slapping Mrs. Hunt! 
Mrs. Hunt really liked Pete. 
He was smart and calm even at such a young age. He was definitely the best choice for the future successor of the Hunts. Moreover, she had given Pete the most love and had also cared about him the most. 
Therefore, when his cousins fought with Pete, she was always biased toward him. 
She had come over today because she missed Pete too much. Other than when she was sick, she had never stayed away from Pete for so 
long. 
At this moment, when she saw Pete lying there with his eyes closed and his mouth open as he slept, her heart melted. Her expression softened a little as she reached out to touch his face. 
Pete was really good-looking. Even if he was a girl, he would definitely have a kingdom-toppling beauty. Speaking of which, a mother who could give birth to a child like Pete should be quite good-looking. As she was thinking, she suddenly heard the sound of someone turning over. 
She looked up. With the help of the dim night light, she could see the child sleeping on the other side suddenly turn over. As if he had sensed that there was someone in the room, he sat up. 
The child was in a daze. He rubbed his eyes with his chubby hands and looked at Mrs. Hunt. The next moment, he woke up and shouted in surprise, “Great-Grandma?” 
Mrs. Hunt: “”
She was stunned. She looked at Pete, who was sitting up, and then at the sleeping Pete. She stood there in shock. 
For a moment, she felt that the light in the room was too dim and she was dazzled. 
She swallowed a mouthful of saliva and rubbed her eyes. She looked over again… The child’s hair was a little messy. It was indeed Pete! However, the other child was sleeping soundly. She even smacked her lips as if she had eaten something delicious in her dream. It was also Pete! 
Mrs. Hunt turned to the nanny beside her in surprise. “You, come and help me take a look. Which one is Pete? Am I seeing things?” 
The nanny was also stunned. 
No matter how she looked at them, she could not tell them apart. “Mrs. Hunt, why do these two look like young master Pete… Do all children look the same?” 
“How can they be the same?! Our little fatty is so ugly!” The nanny: “…” Mrs. Hunt, they’re all your great- grandchildren. Is this really appropriate? However, the two of them were old and dazzled by everything they looked at. Therefore, they still did not understand what was going on. They did not dare to turn on the lights lest they disturbed the children’s sleep. The two of them exchanged words. Joel and Ian, who were standing at the door, looked at each other. The uncle and nephew were tactful and did not speak or remind each other. 
It was all to see Mrs. Hunt slap her own face! 
The two of them did not speak. They were sensitive people. Pete, who had woken up the moment Mrs. Hunt entered, sighed helplessly. “Great-Grandma, my sister and I are twins.” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. “Sister? What sister?”
Her voice was a little high, waking Cherry up from her deep sleep. She rubbed her eyes with her chubby hands and looked at Mrs. Hunt in a daze. Then, she was slightly stunned and called out in her childish voice, “Great-Grandma? Why are you here?!” 
“What…” 
The words made Mrs. Hunt realize something. She looked at Cherry in disbelief and then at Pete. She finally understood! 
She swallowed and said, “Y-You’re Cherry?” 
Cherry was in a daze for a while. When she turned back and saw that her brother was already looking at her, she knew that her identity with her brother had been exposed. Therefore, she could only nod. “Yes! Pete and I are twins!” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She took a step back and almost fell to the ground. 
How… how was this possible?! 
She looked at Pete again. “In other words, your mommy is Nora?” 
So Nora was Pete’s biological mother! 
Pete nodded. 
At this moment, Justin and Nora returned home and the two of them went straight upstairs. When Justin saw Ian and Joel at the door, his heart sank.
Then, he strode forward and called out, “Grandmother.” 
Mrs. Hunt slowly turned around. When she saw Justin, she shouted, “Justin, y-you have two children!” 
Justin: “…I know.” 
Mrs. Hunt suddenly appeared in front of him. “Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you tell me that Miss Smith is Pete’s biological mother?!” 
Justin glanced at Nora and sighed softly. It was all because Nora wanted to keep it a secret. 
At this moment, Ian suddenly said, “Mrs. Hunt, it’s already so late. Since you’ve seen Pete now… Shouldn’t you be taking Justin back now?” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she choked. She looked at Ian and said, “Ian, look, it was a misunderstanding… What we said just now doesn’t count, right?”. 
Mrs. Hunt finally realized that she had made a mistake when she thought about how Justin had not mentioned anything about this biological mother all these years. Now, Mrs. Hunt finally realized belatedly that she had made a mistake! 
However, Ian said, “It counts. Why wouldn’t it count?!” 
Mrs. Hunt hurriedly said, “How can it? Isn’t this breaking up a loving couple?” 
Ian smiled. “Didn’t you also disagree with this marriage earlier? In that case, why should we force each other?” 
Mrs. Hunt hurriedly said, “I agree now! For the sake of the two children, don’t be calculative with me, okay?” 
Ian’s expression was serious. “Mrs. Hunt, you’re mistaken. Although she already has a child, my daughter doesn’t have to worry about not being able to find a good family.” 
Mrs. Hunt became even more anxious. “She’s Pete’s biological mother. Other than the Hunts, who else would marry her?” 
These words were even more overboard. 
As soon as she finished speaking, Justin shouted, “Grandmother!” 
Mrs. Hunt instantly realized that she had said something wrong. She hurriedly looked at Ian and saw that his expression had darkened. “What? The Hunts are already domineering to the point that if I don’t let my daughter marry into your family, others will not be allowed to marry my daughter? My family is not to be trifled with! If this doesn’t work out, and my daughter isn’t able to get married, I’ll take care of her forever!” 
Mrs. Hunt still wanted to say something, but Ian had already turned to look at Joel. “Joel, it’s getting very late. See the guests out!” 
Joel stood up immediately. “Mrs. Hunt, please…” 
When Mrs. Hunt saw that they did not care about their reputation, she was even angrier. “There’s no need for you to chase us away. We’ll leave ourselves! Justin, Pete, Cherry, pack up and let’s go home!” 
However, when she said this, there was no movement behind her for a long time.
###Chapter 504
Chapter 504 Smiths Select a Son-in-law! 
Mrs. Hunt’s thoughts were simple. 
Children were the ones who held their mothers back the most. As long as she took the two children away, she would not have to worry about Nora not coming to their house! However, she did not expect there to be no movement behind her after she spoke. 
She turned around and saw Pete and Cherry looking at her in a daze, while Justin’s mouth was pursed. Mrs. Hunt was stunned. “Justin, what are you waiting for? Carry the child! Look at how sleepy Cherry is…” 
As soon as she finished speaking, she heard Ian’s voice. “Mrs. Hunt, we just said that Cherry has nothing to do with the Hunts. You can only take Pete away.” 
As soon as she said this, Pete chimed in, “I’m not leaving. I want to stay with Mommy.” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She was stunned. Then, she said in shock, “These two children are from the Hunts. Of course, they have to come with me!” 
Ian was very domineering. “What Hunts? This is my granddaughter. She has the Smith blood in her!” 
Mrs. Hunt held her chin up. “Ian, I know that society is developing, but our wealthy families still care about passing on our daughters. Your daughter will get married sooner or later. The children of our Hunts can’t go to another family to suffer!” 
Ian smiled. “Who said my daughter is going away? I’m going to find a househusband for my daughter in the future! Anyway, since I don’t have a son, Nora will take on the responsibilities!” 
With that, he looked at Joel and asked, “Joel, do you mind?” 
Joel stood up straight. “Of course, I don’t mind. Even if Nora manages Smith Corporation, I have no ions.” 
Ian raised his eyebrows and looked at Mrs. Hunt. “Did you hear that?” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She could not win against Ian, so she could only look at Justin. “Justin, aren’t you going to say anything?” 
With that, she whispered, “Justin, if you want to marry Miss Smith and make her bow her head in compromise, you have to take the two children away! I guarantee that she’ll chase after you!” 
When she said this, Justin’s gaze turned even colder. 
He had long known that his grandmother did not like Nora. 
She preferred traditional daughters who would be at home with her husband and children, just like a mother… She would remain just as the children’s mother in the Hunts forever! 
However, with Nora’s personality, it was impossible for her to be trapped at home. 
And this time, Mrs. Hunt had come to the Smiths, first, to look after Pete, and second to bring Nora down a notch! 
How could Justin allow Nora to be looked down upon at home in the future?
Therefore… he knew what Mrs. Hunt said was true-as long as she took away the two children… or even one of them, Nora would not be able to escape. 
But he could not do that. 
He lowered his head and held Mrs. Hunt as he slowly said, “Grandmother, let’s go.” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. “What about the children?” 
Justin sighed. “Nora gave birth to the children in the first place. The children will only follow us if she asks them.” 
Mrs. Hunt looked at Nora. “Miss Smith, let the children come with us. At the very least, let Pete come back with us!” 
Nora shook her head. “Sorry, I can’t.” 
It was more probable for Cherry to go back with them. However, it was impossible for Pete! 
Ever since she fell asleep a few days ago, she could clearly feel that Pete was more attached to her. Now was the critical period to treat her son’s mild autism. How could she let the Hunts take him away? 
Mrs. Hunt misunderstood. “Are… are the Smiths really going to snatch our child?” 
She turned to look at Ian. “Ian, the two families had planned a marriage alliance in the first place. Letting Miss Smith marry Justin is the best choice. Why do you have to do this? Aren’t you afraid that we’ll turn against each other?!” 
Ian smiled arrogantly. “My health is not good, and I don’t know how long I can live. Therefore, I don’t care about what happens in the future. I only know that my daughter should not be taken lightly!”
Mrs. Hunt choked. 
Before she could say anything, Justin had already grabbed her arm forcefully and interrupted her. “Uncle Ian, Joel, Nora, we’ll head back first. I’ll have to trouble you to take care of Pete and Cherry.” 
With that, he brought Mrs. Hunt downstairs forcefully. 
After the group of people left the Smiths, Ian sneered. “At least this kid knows his place!” 
Joel thought of his friendship with Justin during this period of time and said, “Mr. Hunt has always been quite good, right? But Mrs. Hunt is too unreasonable!” 
After saying that, he seemed to be afraid that Nora would mind, so he explained, “Nora, Mr. Hunt left because he wanted to take Mrs. Hunt home. Don’t think too much about it.” 
Nora did not think too much about this. She just felt that her ears had finally become much quieter. No one would stare at her as she ate anymore, despising her for eating so much! 
She felt herself relax. She stretched her body and entered the bedroom. “I understand.” 
After she closed the door, Ian suddenly waved at Joel. “Tell me, how does Nora feel about Justin? Does she like Justin?” 
Joel touched his nose as confusion flashed across his fox-like eyes. “Uncle Ian, speaking of this, I also find it strange. Nora’s personality is more distant, and she’s cold to everyone. I didn’t see any intimacy between her and Justin, either… I really can’t say if she likes him or 
not.” 
When Ian heard this, he nodded thoughtfully and said, “In that case, you understand…”
His voice trailed off. 
After hearing the entire sentence, Joel looked at Ian in disbelief. “This… isn’t too good, right?” 
Ian: “That’s what we’ll do!” 
Joel: “…Alright.” 
– 
On the way back to the Hunts. Mrs. Hunt carefully observed Justin’s expression, but when she saw that her grandson’s expression was still dark, she couldn’t help but cough and say, “Justin, it really wasn’t my fault today. I didn’t say anything, but Ian set me up!” 
Justin didn’t say anything. 
Mrs. Hunt said again, “Don’t be like this. If you really like that Miss Smith, I’ll personally visit another day and invite her back. How about that?” 
This was what Justin wanted. 
Grandmother had always looked down on Nora. Then he had to let her know how difficult this marriage was! 
Other people’s daughters would have to beg a hundred times before they would agree, right? 
Furthermore, he could get Grandmother to apologize to Nora! That way, when Nora marries into the Hunts, she would not be criticized by Mrs. Hunt. This was also why he had not stopped Mrs. Hunt from speaking earlier.
However, just as he woke up the next day and was about to head downstairs, Brenda suddenly ran in front of him. “Justin, bad news! The Smiths are going to choose a husband for Nora!”
###Chapter 505
Chapter 505 A Good Show! 
Justin paused when he heard this, and his expression darkened. 
Before he could say anything, Mrs. Hunt had already walked over with large strides. She snorted coldly. “What’s there to be nervous about? The more the Smith family acts like this, the more it shows that they’re worried their daughter won’t be able to get married! Besides, if they can choose a husband, we can also get your brother a wife!” As soon as she said this, Justin called out softly, “Grandmother!” 
It was a warning. 
Mrs. Hunt was a little angry after being called out by him. “Justin, you can’t be bewitched by a woman! I thought about it and realized that Pete still has to come back. After all, it’s your bloodline and the best heir of our next generation! I was originally worried that Pete’s biological mother’s family wasn’t good enough… But now, with the Smith family’s bloodline, it will definitely be very good!” 
Seeing that Mrs. Hunt had yet to realize her mistake, Justin lowered his eyes. “Grandmother, if I am to get married in this life, It’ll only be to her.” 
With that, he straightened his clothes and left. 
Mrs. Hunt pointed at his back and instructed Brenda, “Listen to him. What is he saying? How can a man like him be trapped by a woman?!” 
Brenda did not say anything about this, but she still said, “Grandmother, Justin has never said anything he can’t do.” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
Of course, she knew her grandson’s personality. Moreover, all her dissatisfaction with Nora in the past had basically disappeared 
now. 
Although she had grown up in the countryside and did not have much knowledge, Mrs. Hunt could tolerate this shortcoming just because she had two children. 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “I think the Smith family is just bluffing. Just watch. No one will be willing to marry her! After all, her identity isn’t ordinary! Not to mention her baggage, the Smith family will be under Joel’s control in the future. After all, she’s not Joel’s biological sister. After Ian is gone, no one will support her. Furthermore, her status in the Smiths will be very awkward. There should not be many people who dare to come forward to be her husband!” 
Brenda immediately said, “Grandmother, I think you’re right. That’s why I’m going to Nora’s house to help her look… Ah, no, I’m helping Justin keep an eye on her! Let’s see who’s so blind to dare come knocking!” 
With that, she went downstairs, strutting in her high heels. Mrs. Hunt:  
— 
At the Smiths. 
“Cherry, he’s too short!” “But he’s good-looking!” “What’s the use of being good-looking? If a man is short, he’ll be a level-two cripple! You can’t have him!” Brenda took the photo and took out another one. “This is not bad. He has abs!” 
Cherry: “But Mommy likes little puppies, not wolfhounds!” 
Brenda frowned. “My brother isn’t a little puppy, right?”
Cherry nodded. “That’s why Mommy finds him so plain!” 
Brenda sighed. “Doesn’t that mean my brother won’t have a chance?” 
Cherry nodded again. “I’ve always felt that Daddy has no chance!” 
When Pete heard these words, the corners of his lips twitched. He did not tell the two of them. He felt that Mommy treated Daddy differently. 
When Nora woke up, the living room was in a mess. 
Even in the room with good soundproofing, she could hear the commotion downstairs. 
She hesitated and got up. After washing up casually, she went out and prepared to go downstairs to eat something. However, when she went downstairs, she saw six men sitting in the living room! 
Most of these people were in their twenties. Some were gentle, some were mature, and some were bright and handsome. Every type was different. 
son 
Brenda and Cherry stood up with a sense of accomplishment. “Nora, come take a look at these men!” 
Cherry puffed out her chest. “Mommy, I didn’t even log in to my game the entire morning just so I could choose these men with Auntie!” 
Nora casually took out a piece of bread and ate it while looking at them. Then, she asked Brenda tentatively, “If you want to find a boyfriend, you should be doing it at the Hunts, right? Isn’t it inappropriate for you to be at the Smiths?”
Brenda: “?” 
She waved her hand. “No, these are all for you to choose from! Cherry and I are just looking at them!” 
A question mark slowly appeared in Nora’s mind: ? 
These men were for her? 
She was stunned for a moment before saying, “I… don’t need a bodyguard.” 
Brenda: “No! These men are here for the son-in-law selection Uncle Ian prepared for you! You can choose anyone!” 
She pointed at the first one. “This is James. Their family deals in electronics, so it’s not bad. This is…” 
Seeing that she was about to introduce everyone present, Nora interrupted her. “Stop.” Then her almond-shaped eyes swept over the people. “I’m not interested. Please leave.” 
With that, she went upstairs. 
She still had to look at the medical books she had gotten from her master, Dr. Zabe! How could she have the time to look at handsome guys here? 
But at this moment, a voice sounded. “Miss Smith…” 
Nora stopped in her tracks and turned back. She saw a man who was about thirty years old taking a step forward. He was wearing a gray suit. He said, “I’m Blaine Jonas. I wonder if you still remember me?” 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. 
She still remembered Blaine Jonas. He was an internationally renowned surgeon. The two of them had once held a seminar for a certain patient. She nodded slightly. “Why are you here?”
Blaine smiled. “I originally came to discuss a medical case with you, but I didn’t expect to be treated as a blind date and be arrested.” 
Nora: “…Oh, I’m not free for the time being.” 
Blaine was not angry. He seemed to have heard about her personality long ago, so he smiled and said, “Yes, I know you’re not free. You should have my contact number. Contact me whenever you’re free.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora went upstairs. 
This was originally just a small episode. Nora did not take this person seriously at all. However, in the afternoon, she suddenly received a message from Trueman Yale. “The show I prepared for you is about to start!” 
Nora: “?” 
As she was in a daze, her phone suddenly rang. It was the Andersons. 
She picked up the call and Simon’s voice came from the other end. “Nora, do you know a surgeon named Blaine Jonas?” 
Nora clenched her jaw. “What’s wrong?” 
Simon’s voice was very serious. “He has now issued a challenge to the alternative medicine doctors in New York! He said that alternative medicine is all fake and modern medicine is the proper treatment method. Furthermore, he suggested this as your good friend! There are witnesses who saw him coming out of the Smiths today. Therefore, everyone thinks that you’re the one provoking alternative medicine!”
Nora: “?” 
She frowned. “I didn’t ask him to go.” 
Simon took a deep breath. “But everyone believes it now. It’s probably too late for you to say anything.” 
Nora was puzzled. “How did he make the challenge?” Simon sighed. “He has a few patients on his side, and there are also a few patients who came for alternative medicine. He has agreed to see if alternative medicine can treat those people or will modern medicine do the job! From this, we can determine which method is better!” 
Nora: “?” 
Modern medicine treated the symptoms but not the roots. Alternative medicine treated the roots, but slowly! 
How could they compare? As she was thinking about this, Simon spoke again. “Furthermore, he directly challenged Dr. Zabe. Dr. Zabe is already old, so he definitely can’t accept the challenge. He let his disciple accept the challenge!” 
Nora: “?”
###Chapter 506
Chapter 505 A Good Show! 
Justin paused when he heard this, and his expression darkened. 
Before he could say anything, Mrs. Hunt had already walked over with large strides. She snorted coldly. “What’s there to be nervous about? The more the Smith family acts like this, the more it shows that they’re worried their daughter won’t be able to get married! Besides, if they can choose a husband, we can also get your brother a wife!” As soon as she said this, Justin called out softly, “Grandmother!” 
It was a warning. 
Mrs. Hunt was a little angry after being called out by him. “Justin, you can’t be bewitched by a woman! I thought about it and realized that Pete still has to come back. After all, it’s your bloodline and the best heir of our next generation! I was originally worried that Pete’s biological mother’s family wasn’t good enough… But now, with the Smith family’s bloodline, it will definitely be very good!” 
Seeing that Mrs. Hunt had yet to realize her mistake, Justin lowered his eyes. “Grandmother, if I am to get married in this life, It’ll only be to her.” 
With that, he straightened his clothes and left. 
Mrs. Hunt pointed at his back and instructed Brenda, “Listen to him. What is he saying? How can a man like him be trapped by a woman?!” 
Brenda did not say anything about this, but she still said, “Grandmother, Justin has never said anything he can’t do.” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
Of course, she knew her grandson’s personality. Moreover, all her dissatisfaction with Nora in the past had basically disappeared 
now. 
Although she had grown up in the countryside and did not have much knowledge, Mrs. Hunt could tolerate this shortcoming just because she had two children. 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “I think the Smith family is just bluffing. Just watch. No one will be willing to marry her! After all, her identity isn’t ordinary! Not to mention her baggage, the Smith family will be under Joel’s control in the future. After all, she’s not Joel’s biological sister. After Ian is gone, no one will support her. Furthermore, her status in the Smiths will be very awkward. There should not be many people who dare to come forward to be her husband!” 
Brenda immediately said, “Grandmother, I think you’re right. That’s why I’m going to Nora’s house to help her look… Ah, no, I’m helping Justin keep an eye on her! Let’s see who’s so blind to dare come knocking!” 
With that, she went downstairs, strutting in her high heels. Mrs. Hunt:  
— 
At the Smiths. 
“Cherry, he’s too short!” “But he’s good-looking!” “What’s the use of being good-looking? If a man is short, he’ll be a level-two cripple! You can’t have him!” Brenda took the photo and took out another one. “This is not bad. He has abs!” 
Cherry: “But Mommy likes little puppies, not wolfhounds!” 
Brenda frowned. “My brother isn’t a little puppy, right?”
Cherry nodded. “That’s why Mommy finds him so plain!” 
Brenda sighed. “Doesn’t that mean my brother won’t have a chance?” 
Cherry nodded again. “I’ve always felt that Daddy has no chance!” 
When Pete heard these words, the corners of his lips twitched. He did not tell the two of them. He felt that Mommy treated Daddy differently. 
When Nora woke up, the living room was in a mess. 
Even in the room with good soundproofing, she could hear the commotion downstairs. 
She hesitated and got up. After washing up casually, she went out and prepared to go downstairs to eat something. However, when she went downstairs, she saw six men sitting in the living room! 
Most of these people were in their twenties. Some were gentle, some were mature, and some were bright and handsome. Every type was different. 
son 
Brenda and Cherry stood up with a sense of accomplishment. “Nora, come take a look at these men!” 
Cherry puffed out her chest. “Mommy, I didn’t even log in to my game the entire morning just so I could choose these men with Auntie!” 
Nora casually took out a piece of bread and ate it while looking at them. Then, she asked Brenda tentatively, “If you want to find a boyfriend, you should be doing it at the Hunts, right? Isn’t it inappropriate for you to be at the Smiths?”
Brenda: “?” 
She waved her hand. “No, these are all for you to choose from! Cherry and I are just looking at them!” 
A question mark slowly appeared in Nora’s mind: ? 
These men were for her? 
She was stunned for a moment before saying, “I… don’t need a bodyguard.” 
Brenda: “No! These men are here for the son-in-law selection Uncle Ian prepared for you! You can choose anyone!” 
She pointed at the first one. “This is James. Their family deals in electronics, so it’s not bad. This is…” 
Seeing that she was about to introduce everyone present, Nora interrupted her. “Stop.” Then her almond-shaped eyes swept over the people. “I’m not interested. Please leave.” 
With that, she went upstairs. 
She still had to look at the medical books she had gotten from her master, Dr. Zabe! How could she have the time to look at handsome guys here? 
But at this moment, a voice sounded. “Miss Smith…” 
Nora stopped in her tracks and turned back. She saw a man who was about thirty years old taking a step forward. He was wearing a gray suit. He said, “I’m Blaine Jonas. I wonder if you still remember me?” 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. 
She still remembered Blaine Jonas. He was an internationally renowned surgeon. The two of them had once held a seminar for a certain patient. She nodded slightly. “Why are you here?”
Blaine smiled. “I originally came to discuss a medical case with you, but I didn’t expect to be treated as a blind date and be arrested.” 
Nora: “…Oh, I’m not free for the time being.” 
Blaine was not angry. He seemed to have heard about her personality long ago, so he smiled and said, “Yes, I know you’re not free. You should have my contact number. Contact me whenever you’re free.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora went upstairs. 
This was originally just a small episode. Nora did not take this person seriously at all. However, in the afternoon, she suddenly received a message from Trueman Yale. “The show I prepared for you is about to start!” 
Nora: “?” 
As she was in a daze, her phone suddenly rang. It was the Andersons. 
She picked up the call and Simon’s voice came from the other end. “Nora, do you know a surgeon named Blaine Jonas?” 
Nora clenched her jaw. “What’s wrong?” 
Simon’s voice was very serious. “He has now issued a challenge to the alternative medicine doctors in New York! He said that alternative medicine is all fake and modern medicine is the proper treatment method. Furthermore, he suggested this as your good friend! There are witnesses who saw him coming out of the Smiths today. Therefore, everyone thinks that you’re the one provoking alternative medicine!”
Nora: “?” 
She frowned. “I didn’t ask him to go.” 
Simon took a deep breath. “But everyone believes it now. It’s probably too late for you to say anything.” 
Nora was puzzled. “How did he make the challenge?” Simon sighed. “He has a few patients on his side, and there are also a few patients who came for alternative medicine. He has agreed to see if alternative medicine can treat those people or will modern medicine do the job! From this, we can determine which method is better!” 
Nora: “?” 
Modern medicine treated the symptoms but not the roots. Alternative medicine treated the roots, but slowly! 
How could they compare? As she was thinking about this, Simon spoke again. “Furthermore, he directly challenged Dr. Zabe. Dr. Zabe is already old, so he definitely can’t accept the challenge. He let his disciple accept the challenge!” 
Nora: “?”
###Chapter 507
Chapter 507 Black Cat? 
After they hung up the call, a short while later, Sheril suddenly sent her an article. It was an article on a website for the domestic alternative medicine community to communicate and exchange ideas with one another. The article had provided an ive evaluation of the upcoming showdown between alternative medicine and modern medicine. 
Blaine’s medical skills had been improving by leaps and bounds recently overseas. He had just performed a very risky operation two days ago where the operation process was recorded. His hands were so steady that they were comparable to Anti’s. In fact, some people overseas were already starting to compare him with Anti and discussing who the top surgeon really was. 
Needless to say, Anti was still publicly recognized as the number one-after all, Blaine had only just caught up. 
However, this was enough to make the alternative medicine practitioners in the country wary. Blaine was definitely not someone who looked impressive but lacked real worth. He did indeed have a couple of tricks up his sleeve! 
The article also introduced and talked about some of the diseases he had treated… 
After Nora closed the page, she saw a message from Sheril: ‘Nora, do you think the alternative medicine circle can beat him?’ 
A competition of medical skills where physicians of both circles treated patients on-site was, in itself, already disadvantageous for alternative medicine practitioners! 
Modern medicine practitioners could make use of all kinds of equipment, but alternative medicine practitioners could only rely on their own judgment. To make matters worse, the effects of their medical
treatment were slow to appear, so people wouldn’t be able to immediately see the effects. 
Blaine was no doubt a little hard to deal with. On top of that, he had even called upon several leaders of the modern medicine circle… 
Nora replied: ‘Hard to say.’ 
Sheril: “… You don’t have to be so honest!” 
Nora smiled. 
She put down her cell phone. The housekeeper at the door had told her that her cousin from California was here, so she left her room. As soon as she did, she heard Louis’s voice downstairs. “Ms. Black! Long time no see!” 
Lisa’s timid voice rang out. “W-why are you at home again?!” 
Louis replied, “I was about to go out and play games with Chester, but then I saw you! Come on, I’ll play host!” 
Lisa said, “No, it’s fine. I have something to talk to my cousin about. You can go out!” 
Louis said righteously, “That won’t work. As a host, I must accompany you.” 
Lisa: “ 
Nora couldn’t bring herself to listen any further. She went downstairs, looked at Lisa, and asked, “Why are you here?” 
Lisa walked up to her anxiously. “Nora, I heard that you are going to challenge the alternative medicine circle?”
“…” Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “Do you already know all about it?” 
Lisa nodded. “News has spread throughout the school. We have alternative medicine majors in the university. All the alternative medicine majors are very angry now, and conflicts are starting to form between them and the modern medicine majors!” 
Nora: “…” 
She didn’t expect news of the incident to spread so quickly, or the influence to be so great! 
Lisa went on. “Also, there are reporters camping at the school gates and asking if you’re an externally hired professor in the school. When I was coming over, the dean of neurosurgery told me to tell you not to come to the school for now.” Nora nodded. “Got it.” 
Lisa glanced at her cautiously. “Nora, how are you intending to settle this?” 
Nora patted her shoulder. “Don’t worry about it.” 
Lisa breathed a sigh of relief. 
Next to them, Louis became puzzled. “What are you guys talking about? Nora, why are you provoking the alternative medicine circle?” 
Nora looked at him and suddenly raised her eyebrows. She asked, “Which do you think is more impressive, modern medicine or alternative medicine?” 
Louis replied, “… That would depend on how much money each spends!” Nora: “?” 
Lisa was also surprised. “But medical fees will differ according to the respective illnesses!” 
Louis lifted his chin. “Heh heh, what I mean is, it depends on how much the alternative and modern medicine circle would pay me. Whoever gives me more money is the one I find more impressive!” 
Both Nora and Lisa found themselves speechless for a while. 
Then, Louis put his hand over his pocket and asked, “Nora, is this money really mine?” 
Nora: “…” 
Why was Louis still worried about the money when so much time had already gone by since the incident? 
She nodded. 
Louis suddenly jumped up. “Nora’s little cousin, when are you leaving? After I see you off, I’ll go to the bank to apply for a few cards!” 
Nora asked curiously, “What are you applying for a few cards for?” 
Louis grinned and said, “You don’t get it, do you? You can’t put all your eggs in one basket! I’m going to apply for a few dozen cards and deposit a bit of money into each. This way, if Joel confiscates one of my cards, I will still have money stashed elsewhere!” 
Louis got a little ahead of himself. He said, “Also, I haven’t gotten quite used to suddenly becoming a rich man yet! I’ve made up my mind-I’m going to give the cats and dogs a feast to celebrate tonight! They can have the most expensive imported canned food! Also, I’m going to take them to the pet shop for baths, and then buy houses for them…” 
After seeing off the worried Lisa and Louis, Nora felt that things had finally become quiet around her.
Unexpectedly, the wheelchair-bound Ian pushed himself out again at this point. She also couldn’t quite understand why Karl was standing next to him. 
Surprised, she asked politely, “Uncle Karl, why are you here?” 
Karl replied casually, “I’m here to discuss marriage.” Everything clicked in Nora’s head now. 
Well, that was true. It didn’t make sense for Tanya and Joel to stay together like that without a proper relationship. Joel should indeed give Tanya a rightful status. 
She was about to ask whether they had agreed on a wedding date when Ian asked, “Did you run into some kind of trouble?” 
Nora paused for a moment. She was about to say something when Karl said, “Was someone blind enough to bully you? Do you want the Assassin Alliance to get rid of them for you?” 
Nora: “” 
Was the way they dealt with problems always this straightforward? 
While she was wondering about it, Ian sneered, “Do you think you can just kill people so casually outside of your own country?! Is there anyone among your assassins who can take someone’s life without anyone knowing in the States?” 
Karl immediately replied, “Black Cat can!” Nora: “?” 
So, his way of helping her was getting her to personally kill them off herself? 
Ian curled his lips disdainfully. “Tsk, you’re always going on and on about Black Cat… Don’t you find yourself embarrassing…”
Karl, however, didn’t find it embarrassing in the least. “Hah, the way I see it, you’re just jealous that I have Black Cat because the leader of your dark forces has been hospitalized, so you don’t have anyone doing things for you anymore!” Ian: “…” 
Karl went on. “In the past, you could still put up a fight with me by relying on the dark forces, but now? You don’t have Quentin anymore, but I still have Black Cat!” 
Ian: “…” 
Seeing Ian’s expression darken further, Karl immediately smiled. “Black Cat is our top assassin, no one can compare to him! Even if Quentin is in the pink of health, he won’t be able to compare to him!” Seeing that Ian was about to blow his top, Nora couldn’t help but say, “Uncle Karl, who says the Smiths don’t have Black Cat? …”
###Chapter 508
Chapter 508 Getting The Marriage Certificate! 
Her words took Karl by surprise. “What do you mean by that, Nora?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. She was about to speak when Ian said, “It means that the Smiths have someone who is even more impressive than Black Cat! Don’t think that you can keep going on and on about Black Cat just because you have Black Cat in your organization. We’re talking about the children’s marriage now, yet you keep going on and on about Black Cat. Can you get any more annoying?!” His words made Karl choke at once, but then he suddenly reacted and said, “This isn’t right, Smith. I am the one marrying my daughter to your nephew. You should be the one begging me instead! Why should I be the one coming over and talking to you?” 
Ian, however, scoffed, “If you don’t want to talk to me about it, then I will go and talk to Tanya.” 
As soon as he said that, Karl hurriedly said, “No, no, talk to me!” 
Tanya and Karl had only just acknowledged each other, and their relationship was not very good. Karl couldn’t adopt the attitude of a father-in-law in the Smiths at all! 
However, Karl would never allow his daughter to marry into the Smiths so quietly, either! 
While he was thinking about it, Tanya and Joel entered the room walking hand-in-hand. 
Both of them looked like they were in love with each other, and Tanya’s eyes looked like they were smiling 
Joel’s smile had also become bigger and even more attractive than in the past. At the sight, Nora asked, “Did something good happen to make the two of you smile like that?” 
Tanya glanced at Joel and blushed a little, though she didn’t say anything. 
Joel walked up to Ian and Karl. He smiled and said, “Uncle Ian, Dad, Nora, all of you are here. It just so happens that I have good news for 
you.” 
All three of them were taken aback. 
Karl was the first to react. “What did you just call me?” 
Joel took out a folder and handed it to them. “Tanya and I registered our marriage and got our marriage certificate today. We are husband and wife from today.” 
II 
! 
The news was simply too astounding—or at least, Nora was dumbfounded. She looked at Tanya incredulously. 
Karl was also stunned. “You… Aren’t the two of you being a little hasty about this?” Tanya shook her head. “We’ve already let each other slip by us for five years. We don’t want to let another five years slip by us.” 
Her words made Karl shut his mouth. 
Ian stared at the two of them, so happy that even his eyes had turned a little red. He patted Joel’s hand and said, “That’s great! Great!” 
While the bunch of them were all moved, Karl said with dissatisfaction, “The wedding…”
Tanya said, “I originally didn’t want to hold a wedding because I felt that it was pointless when we already have a child… but Joel didn’t agree to it. So, we’ve decided to invite our friends and family for a simple wedding a week later!” 
Hearing this, Karl lowered his head. There was a faint layer of mist in his eyes. “Hmph, at least you know what’s good for you, kid!” 
Joel smiled and said, “Dad, Uncle Ian. I have some details of the wedding that I want to discuss with the two of you.” 
While speaking, he, Ian, and Karl entered the study. 
Tanya stayed where she was and looked at Nora. She said, “Nora, I also have something to ask of you for the wedding-” Nora raised her eyebrows. “What is it?” 
At night. 
Justin left the Hunts’ manor. 
As soon as he left, Mrs. Hunt walked over with the help of the housekeeper. She sighed and said, “It’s only been a day that he didn’t see her, yet he’s already unable to hold himself back?” 
The housekeeper said, “Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Besides, with the news of the Smiths looking for a son-in-law, Master Hunt must be terribly anxious.” 
Mrs. Hunt snorted. “I didn’t hear anything about them looking for a son-in-law, but I did hear something else!” “What?” 
“As expected, the Smiths’ young lady is a hillbilly who has never seen the world! She had the audacity to challenge the alternative medicine circle! She can’t even see what she’s made of anymore! If someone
like her becomes the matriarch of the family, she will definitely offend a lot of people and make a lot of enemies for the Hunts! My head hurts the moment I think of this!” 
As the housekeeper held Mrs. Hunt’s arm, she asked, “She challenged the alternative medicine circle?” 
“Yes!” Mrs. Hunt sighed and said, “Alternative medicine is extensive and profound, and the knowledge within is amazing. Do you remember the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill? Wasn’t it much more effective than modern medicine? From where exactly did a little surgeon like her find the courage to challenge the alternative medicine circle? The way I see it, the moment Dr. Zabe’s disciple takes action, he’ll crush her beneath his feet!” 
The housekeeper frowned. “Will that bring trouble to the family?” Mrs. Hunt sneered, “It won’t go as far as that, but I do think this is something that’ll do her good! After all, once the competition is over, both the alternative and modern medicine circles will detest and despise her! With that, the Smiths will finally realize the position she’s in. It will be much easier for the Hunts to propose marriage after that!” The housekeeper was surprised. “You’re still intending to let her marry into the family?” Mrs. Hunt sighed. “Look at how Justin is behaving. If I don’t let her marry into the family, I will lose my grandson and great- grandchildren! I find the current situation pretty good. We’ll let outsiders suppress her arrogance first!” 
“That’s true…” 
After the conversation, Mrs. Hunt said, “Get ready. We will go to the Smiths to propose marriage two days later.” “Yes, ma’am.” 
– 
At the Smiths. 
“They’ve got their marriage certificate?” Justin’s surprised voice traveled over through Cherry’s phone.
Cherry nodded. “Yeah! So Mia’s mom and dad can be together forever now! Daddy, will you and Mommy get a marriage certificate too?” 
Nora was sitting on the sofa and reading a book about medicine. Upon hearing this, she subconsciously looked at her cell phone, upon which she heard Justin say, “As long as your mother agrees to it, I can do it anytime.” 
Nora blinked and smiled. 
Cherry and Pete chatted with Justin a little more. Then, Justin asked, “What is your mother doing?” 
Cherry replied, “… She’s reading!” “Pass the phone to your mother.” Cherry handed the phone to Nora. 
Nora put down the book and leaned back on the sofa lazily. “What is it?” 
Justin coughed. “Put the phone off of speaker first.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and glanced at Cherry and Pete, who were looking at her eagerly. The two little fellows were just like two huge third wheels. 
She turned off the speaker mode. “Speak.” 
“Nora, I miss you.” 
Nora: “!!” 
When she heard this, she subconsciously glanced at the two kids again. For some reason, her cheeks suddenly felt a little warm. 
She stretched out her hand and fanned herself. Then, she said, “And?”
“Come down.” 
Nora was taken aback at his words. 
She subconsciously got up, opened the door, and went downstairs. She left the living room and walked towards the parking lot. 
It was very dark outside. 
She had just walked under a big tree when someone suddenly grabbed her wrist. She was held down, and then a man’s familiar aura pounced on her. 
Nora wanted to say something, but the next moment, her lips were sealed…
###Chapter 509
Chapter 509 Kissed!! 
The little corner was very dark. Faint light passed through the area, revealing a man in a black suit pressing a woman half a head shorter than him against the wall. He cupped the woman’s cheek in one hand while his other wrapped around her waist. It looked as if he had her trapped there, but in truth, Nora was still a short distance away from the wall. Justin had done this so that the wall behind her wouldn’t make her cold… 
The man’s large hands were scorching hot. The heat passed through her thin summer clothes, seemingly scalding her skin at the waist. 
Nora subconsciously wanted to push him away, but her lips had been sealed by him. 
The man’s lips were like jelly, soft and cool to the touch. When they made contact with Nora’s lips, it made her freeze in place. 
Her eyes widened in surprise and she saw the man’s face right in front of her. 
His eyes were dark and bottomless, saturated with burning passion and affection. In the dim light, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed a little more alluring than usual. 
His sharp and defined nose bridge, as well as his skin that seemed poreless even at such close distance, made Nora unable to put up any resistance whatsoever. 
The New York skies had always been dull and gray. It was as if even the moon high up in the sky was hiding behind the clouds from shyness because of them. 
Thump… Thump… 
The violent pounding of heartbeats reached Nora through their chests, which were pressed against each other’s. At first, Nora thought the heartbeat was hers, but she suddenly realized that it was actually Justin’s… 
The heartbeat seemed to possess some kind of captivating charm, which made her stop her hands from moving. Coupled with the man’s breathing, which was slightly heavier than usual, Nora’s cheeks slowly became burning hot. 
She couldn’t help but swallow hard. 
Then, she felt something cool on her forehead 
—the man had rested his forehead against hers. The feeling on her lips had disappeared. His voice was a little hoarse as he said, “Nora, I missed you.” 
Nora blinked. The man had already said that on the phone just now, but when the words rang in her ears in this instant, she felt as though there was a small, thin electric current slowly passing through her ears all the way to her heart. 
She swallowed again. 
Seemingly having sensed her reaction, the man suddenly let out a low chuckle. 
Nora’s cheeks turned red. She was about to ask him what he was laughing at when the man suddenly sealed her lips again. But his kiss wasn’t like the one before. Instead, he tentatively parted his lips… 
The man’s cool and clear breath, as well as the smell of vanilla, invaded her nose and mouth as if it wanted to take the air out of her lungs… 
The man was domineering and dedicated. He invaded and swept through her territory greedily as though he loathed to spare even an inch of her…
The kiss ended. 
Nora gasped for breath. For the first time, she realized that kissing actually took so much energy. 
However, neither of them noticed that there were currently two heads staring at them from upstairs. One of them had a gloating look on his face while the other’s face had cracked a smile. 
Two minutes ago. 
An indignant Karl said, “My daughter has married your nephew just like that?” 
Ian sat in the wheelchair calmly. “Duh, if not, then what else do you want?” 
Karl paced back and forth. “There was no proposal, no asking for her hand in marriage from her parents, no nothing. Just like that, they have gotten married so hastily?” “… Hah.” Karl clutched his chest. “Can you put yourself in my shoes and think about it from another angle? Would you be willing to allow a man to abduct your daughter like that?” 
“No,” answered Ian. 
“Right? So you…” 
But before he could finish, Ian sneered and said, “What I mean is, Justin had always slept in the guest room when he was staying with the Smiths! My daughter doesn’t care about him at all! She’s unlike Tanya, who grew up with Joel as childhood sweethearts, and is deeply in love with him. You can’t stop them at all. Therefore, my daughter will not be easily abducted by anyone. Sorry, but I can’t imagine myself in your shoes at all.” 
Karl: “…”
The smug look on the man’s face was simply too annoying! If Ian wasn’t in a wheelchair and terribly weak, he would probably have gotten into a fistfight with him long ago! 
The corners of his lips spasmed. He was about to say something when both of them suddenly heard some noise outside. 
Karl and Ian were taken aback. 
Then, as if he had realized something, Ian hurriedly pushed the wheelchair over to the window on the second floor. Through the window, he could see the lower floor. Justin was hugging and kissing his daughter? Ian felt a twinge of pain in his chest. 
He clutched his chest. 
The situation in front of his eyes was no different from seeing the precious treasure that he had worked so hard to protect all these years being stolen by a pig! 
“Haha!” 
Karl couldn’t help but laugh. His expression was the complete opposite of Ian’s. He pointed at Ian and said with a grin, “The way I see it, the Smiths are about to welcome double happiness! Say, do you want to marry your daughter off too at Joel and Tanya’s wedding? Tanya and Nora are best friends anyway, so I’m sure they won’t mind!” 
Ian: “!!!!” 
He was livid. He looked behind him and suddenly spotted a basin of water. He immediately took it, planning to pour it downstairs! 
However, his hands stopped mid-air.
What if the water got onto Nora? 
As soon as the thought formed, he could only angrily put the basin of water back where it was. He was about to yell and separate the two of them downstairs when Karl whispered, “I’d advise you not to say anything right now.” 
Ian turned to him, his eyes all red. “It’s because she’s not your daughter, isn’t it?” 
Karl grinned. “That was exactly how I felt when Tanya married Joel. How I wish I could kill that brat…” 
“Heh, do you think you can kill anyone from the Smiths when you’re in the States?” 
“I have Black Cat… Forget it, we’re digressing. What I want to say is, you can’t do that! Tanya and I have only just acknowledged each other, but isn’t that also the case for you and Nora? Think about it, has Nora ever called you Dad?” 
Ian fell silent. 
Karl went on. “Nora is much colder than Tanya in terms of personality. It’s much harder for someone like her to warm up to someone. It must be very awkward between the two of you, right? Think about it, if you accidentally run into her secretly kissing a man, wouldn’t things become even more awkward in the future?” 
Ian: “ 
Karl then said, “Therefore, the only thing you can do right now is to pretend you didn’t see anything! Lest your daughter drifts even further away from you!” Ian: “!!” 
When he thought about it carefully, what Karl said actually made a lot of sense!
He reluctantly and indignantly suppressed his anger and pushed the wheelchair back and forth a few times. Then, he went to the window and looked down again. 
When he did, he found that the two of them were kissing again… and this time, the pig’s hand was even starting to wander!!
###Chapter 510
Chapter 510 I Haven’t Had Enough of Kissing You Yet 
Ian’s blood pressure instantly soared. How could he possibly tolerate that? 
He rolled up his sleeves and almost jumped straight down to stop the two of them. However, he suddenly heard movement from the first floor-it seemed that someone had returned and was driving to the parking. 
The sound finally separated Justin and Nora and also caused Ian to stop moving. 
Nora’s heart was pounding wildly. She felt that her heart rate must be at least 130 at the moment! 
As expected, falling in love sure was hard work. It was pretty much an anaerobic exercise at this point! 
She touched her chest and felt the pounding heartbeat. Then, her eyes deliberately roamed about as she avoided making eye contact with Justin. 
There was a scorching look in the man’s eyes. 
Sensing Nora’s reluctance, he did not go any further. Instead, he reached out and touched his lips. Then, he chuckled again and said, “I want more…” 
When Nora was about to speak, the man sighed and said, “What a shame, though.” 
Seeing that he wasn’t planning to go any further, Nora breathed a sigh of relief. Nevertheless, she asked, “What is?” 
Justin looked at her. “It’s a shame that we’re at the Smiths’ right now. Also, your father seems a little hostile towards me, so I have to take it a little easy here. If he sees us, it will become even more difficult for me to take you as my wife.”
As Nora listened to his aggrieved voice, she retorted, “What else were you intending to do if we weren’t at the Smiths’?!” 
Although she spoke stiffly and a little coquettishly, one could still hear the shyness in her voice. 
Justin smiled and took a step closer. “Kiss you some more.” 
Nora: “…” 
The man continued. “I haven’t had enough of kissing you yet.” 
“If we’re in a room where there’s no one to disturb us, and I won’t have to worry about your father seeing us, I think I can kiss you for a whole day.” 
IL11 
Nora’s cheeks turned even redder and she glared at him. “You’re shameless!” 
Justin sighed. “I used to think that I was a serious man. Brenda even used to call me a stick-in-the-mud all the time-after all, I couldn’t bring myself to listen to her sweet-talking all day long. But now, I suddenly understand.” 
“Understand what?” 
Justin let out a low chuckle. “With you, I can’t help but want to act shamelessly all the time.” 
Nora was close to becoming unable to listen to him any further. Right at this moment, Louis, who was humming a little tune, walked over. In order to go from the parking lot to the house, he would have to walk past them. 
Nora pushed Justin and said, “Hurry up and leave!”
Justin stared at her reluctantly. “Then… I’ll come again tomorrow?” 
Nora ignored him. She turned and entered the house instead. 
Justin hurriedly hid behind a big tree. He waited until Louis had walked by before he stepped back out. As he touched his lips, he let out a sigh that sounded as if he hadn’t had enough yet. 
Ian’s fists were already iron-hard!! 
He took a deep breath. Suddenly, he turned and summoned the butler. 
When the butler entered, Ian instructed, “Install lights at this area outside my window… no, install lights in every part of the villa tomorrow!” 
The butler: “?” 
– 
Nora entered the living room. Before she could go upstairs, Louis had already bounced into the room with his bleached blond hair. 
When he saw Nora, the young man, who was in a good mood, waved and called out, “Nora!” 
Nora nodded at him. 
Louis glanced at her suspiciously. “Nora, why are your lips so swollen?” Nora’s cheeks instantly turned red. However, she had always been a calm person, so she coughed and put her awkward hands in her pockets and replied coolly, “Oh, I ate something spicy just now.” 
“… No wonder your face is also so red. I thought you had a fever!”
Nora: “…” 
She turned in annoyance and started heading to the second floor. Louis called out, “By the way, I found out today that some of my puppies and kittens are sick. Can you take a look at them for me? No hurry, you can just come with me tomorrow!” 
Had it been any other time, Nora would definitely have agreed. 
However, she had become annoyed because of her embarrassment just now, so she said, “I’m not a vet!” 
She went up the stairs after saying that. 
Louis: “?” 
He scratched his head in bewilderment. His cousin seemed angry, but it didn’t seem like it, either. Never mind, he would just take the cats and dogs to the vet the next day, instead! With that in mind, Louis was about to head upstairs, ready to go to his room to wash up and then play some games. But when he turned around, he instead saw Ian in his wheelchair looking at him quietly. There was a trace of… a satisfied and relieved smile on his face? 
Louis shuddered all over. 
He stood ramrod straight in fright and called out respectfully, “Hi, Uncle Ian…” 
Ian smiled and said, “Have you enough money for your expenses, Louis?” 
Louis subconsciously held his hand over the few dozen cards in his pocket. His eyes widened and he asked warily, “Uncle Ian, w-what’s the matter?” 
Was Uncle Ian intending to confiscate his money?
After all, Joel had controlled his pocket money because Uncle Ian had started it! 
However, the next moment, his Uncle Ian beckoned him over kindly and said, “Here’s $150,000. You can spend it however you want.” 
Louis: “” 
He took the money in trepidation. He didn’t quite understand why Uncle Ian’s personality had suddenly changed? However, the naive Louis didn’t bother thinking about it. He had only one thought in his mind at the moment: He now had the money for his pets’ medical expenses at the vet’s tomorrow! 
The New York University of Medicine. 
Lisa woke up in the morning. As the one and only postgraduate student under Anti’s tutelage, the dean had given her a single dorm room, so her living conditions were very good. She got up, washed up, and went to the school cafeteria for breakfast. 
As soon as she entered, she felt people looking at her and gesturing. 
Lisa kept her head down and got something to eat. With her lunch box in hand, she went to an empty seat. Just as she was about to take a seat, the person next to her suddenly said, “Sorry mate, the seat’s taken.” 
Lisa didn’t think much about it. She nodded and went to the other side with the lunch box. 
However, she had only taken a couple of steps when the other person who was seated at the table said, “But the seat isn’t taken, is it?” 
The schoolmate who had driven her away didn’t bother lowering his voice at all, as if he wanted her to hear it. He replied, “Yeah, it isn’t, but I don’t want to sit and eat at the same table as a piece of trash.”
Lisa was taken aback. 
Another student immediately asked, “Who is she? Why is she a piece of trash?” 
“She’s Anti’s one and only student! Just because Anti has picked up a few modern medicine skills abroad, she has forgotten her roots. Isn’t a person like her a piece of trash? How can her students be any good” “Huh? I see, it’s Anti! She was originally my idol, but she has gone too far this time. Modern and alternative medicine have already been at loggerheads all these years. How can she so openly look down on alternative medicine?” 
The group of people immediately launched into a discussion. 
Lisa bit her lip. Had they been insulting her instead, she might have endured it. However, she couldn’t tolerate them insulting Nora, so she said, “The truth is not like what you people are claiming it to be!”
###Chapter 511
Chapter 511 Dilemma? 
The moment Lisa said this, the students immediately fell silent. Everyone looked at her simultaneously. 
The female classmate who had spoken earlier sneered and said, “Oh, if it’s not what we said, then what is it?” 
Lisa explained, “Anti has never said that. It was someone else who slandered her!” 
“Slandered her? Why would they slander her alone? Besides, if she was slandered, what about Blaine? Blaine is her friend. He’s organizing people to participate in the competition! Things have already come to this, yet you say it’s slander? How laughable!” 
“That’s right. There are also a few students from the modern medicine department who agree with Anti. They’re gathering people to support Anti! Heh, you’re a student of Anti, yet you’re saying such things in school. I’m speechless!” 
These people who had accused Lisa were from the alternative medicine department. It was normal for them to be filled with hostility toward Anti. 
Lisa hurriedly waved her hands. “No, Anti respects alternative medicine very much. Really, she has never said those words. Don’t misunderstand her…” 
When she said this, those people were stunned. 
However, someone suddenly said, “Lisa, what’s wrong with you? What if Anti has said it? We all studied modern medicine. So what if we look down on alternative medicine? Alternative medicine is a cheat and has evolved from witchcraft! We were still secretly supporting Anti. I didn’t expect you, Anti’s student, to be the first to betray her! You’re too much!” “That’s right. If you think alternative medicine is good, why don’t you go and study that instead? Why do you take up a spot as a modern medicine postgraduate
student? Also, Anti accepted only you as a student. How could you embarrass Anti instead of helping her?” 
“Exactly! You’re too much!” 
The students who studied modern medicine were certain that Lisa was lying to curry favor with those who studied alternative medicine. Everyone criticized her one by one. 
“You’re really shameless to curry favor with the alternative medicine world!” 
“That’s right. You can even betray your own teacher! If Anti knew that she had taken in such a student, I wonder how angry she would be!” 
When Lisa heard this, she was so anxious that she was about to cry. “I’ve already asked Anti. She really has no intention of looking down on alternative medicine. You’ve misunderstood…” “What’s there to misunderstand? You’re just two-faced, aren’t you? Why? What benefits has alternative medicine given you to be a burden for Anti?” 
“That’s right. Modern medicine has always been against alternative medicine. Anti is just saying what everyone thinks. What’s wrong? Lisa, if you’re afraid, don’t learn from Anti!” 
The people from modern medicine were criticizing her, and the people from alternative medicine were also being sarcastic. “Hehe, we won’t take Anti’s students! Is that trash worthy of challenging our alternative medicine?” 
“That’s right. Do you really think modern medicine is that good? Before modern medicine was introduced, it was always alternative medicine that treated the illnesses, okay? Alternative medicine is just a little downtrodden, that’s why you look down on it… A true alternative medicine master’s skills are very
impressive, okay? It’s countless times better than you who only know how to use scalpels and instruments to treat illnesses!” 
The modern medicine students could not take it anymore. “Heh, what a joke. We’ll know if they’re good or not after the competition! Our modern medicine has famous doctors, Blaine and Anti. What about you guys? Aren’t all your experts just a bunch of old men?” 
The alternative medicine student sneered. 
“How terrifyingly ignorant. Do you know that the most powerful person in our alternative medicine world right now is Dr. Zabe’s disciple?! Now, everyone in alternative medicine has joined forces and requested Dr. Zabe to let his disciple come back and participate in the competition to restore our reputation!” 
“That’s right. In front of the truly powerful alternative medicine practitioners, not to mention Blaine, even Anti can only kneel down and call him daddy!” 
“It’s not certain who will call whom daddy! Do you only know how to boast? Hehehe!” 
“We’ll see!” 
Modern and alternative medicine students were divided into two factions and were clearly separated in the canteen. 
Lisa wanted to explain further, but no one listened to her. 
The alternative medicine students despised Anti, so they were very hostile toward Lisa. The people from modern medicine hated what she said even more and rejected her. None of them treated her well. 
Lisa took a deep breath and could only hug her lunch box and return to her dormitory to eat.
After eating, she left and went to the school to receive this week’s assignments. 
Most of the graduates underwent surgeries with their mentors and studied during the surgery. As a student of Anti, the hospital director was taking very good care of Lisa. 
The surgeries she had to learn every week were all arranged by the director. 
Today, she was going to follow Dr. Larson. She was also the chief physician of Hospital Finest who was going to perform brain surgery. However, when she went to the hospital to report, Dr. Larson saw her and suddenly frowned. “What are you doing here?” 
Lisa was stunned. “Teacher, I’ve come to learn from you…” 
“Haha, no one is allowed to participate in my surgery.” With that, Dr. Larson entered the operating theater and prepared to change his clothes. 
Lisa was stunned. 
When the assistant beside him heard this, he pursed his lips. “The news of your betrayal of Anti has already reached Dr. Larson. He’s someone who can’t stand the sand in his eyes! Don’t participate in this surgery!” “That’s right. How despicable!” 
“You admitted defeat after being criticized by a few alternative medicine students. You’ve really embarrassed Anti!” 
A group of researchers pointed at her and entered the operating theater to change her clothes, leaving Lisa standing there alone. 
. 
Her eyes turned red as she bit her lip. 
As she stood there, the senior in charge of the internship in the school walked over. When he saw her, he immediately said, “Lisa, this is your next study assignment.” 
Lisa reached out to take it, but she was stunned when she saw the contents. “Senior, I-I’m not a vet…” 
She was ordered to watch and learn from the vet! 
The senior sneered. “Do whatever I tell you to do! Are you still picky about your studies? So what if you’re a vet? Some animals also need us to operate on their brains. This is to let you see the difference between a human and an animal’s brain!” 
Lisa: “…” 
Lisa knew that he was talking nonsense, but what else could she do other than listening to him? 
It was already very troublesome for Nora. She did not want to cause her any more trouble. She picked up the list and walked to the vet’s department. 
The senior saw her leave and entered the laboratory. He saw Dr. Larson in the changing room, holding his phone. When he saw him, Dr. Larson said, “Get ready. I’ll call Anti right now and tell her what this student has done!” 
The senior nodded. “Yes.”
###Chapter 512
Chapter 512 Complain! 
The other students were preparing the instruments for the surgery. Dr. Larson picked up his phone and called Nora. 
Unfortunately, no one picked up. 
Dr. Larson frowned. 
Actually, he had never liked this Anti in his heart. She was a nominal teacher, but she had never appeared in school. She had a great reputation at such a young age, and she could not even be contacted normally! 
Like now! 
Dr. Larson was so angry that he threw his phone into the cabinet. He thought about it and took it out in the end. He sent Anti an email before closing the cabinet and entering the operating theater. 
Lisa arrived at a veterinarian hospital that had collaborations with New York University School of Medicine. She went to the front desk showed her ID to the receptionist. Then, the person in charge walked out. 
At the vet’s side, a senior from the western medicine team was in charge. When he saw her, he asked in surprise, “Why were you assigned to the vet?” Students in the Neurosurgery Department were very popular in school! 
Lisa smiled awkwardly and did not say anything 
The senior looked at her student ID. “Lisa? Your professor is… Anti?”
He exclaimed, “So you’re Professor Anti’s student!” 
Lisa nodded. 
The senior asked her to wait a moment and then took out his phone to contact the people at the school to ask what was going on. When he found out the reason, he frowned. 
After hanging up, he looked at Lisa in disdain. “Okay, go find a place to help.” 
Lisa sighed and nodded before walking back. 
There were several types of veterinarians. 
Some pets were carefully raised. When they were sick, their owners would bring them over to seek treatment. These pets would be treated as treasures by their owners, and they would not be stingy with their money. 
There were also some stray animals sent by non-profit organizations. These animals were usually dirtier, and they had some infectious diseases. 
Most veterinarians did not like this kind of work. Most importantly, they would not receive any extra tips from the owners! 
Just as Lisa arrived at the back, someone pointed at the two kittens that had just been sent over. “Go and give these two kittens a bath first!” 
Lisa was stunned. She had never come into contact with pets before. Furthermore, she did not keep pets at home. Most importantly! 
She was allergic to cat fur! 
She stood on the spot and said, “Sorry, I’m allergic to cat fur. Um…”
As soon as she finished speaking, the person pursed her lips in disdain. “If you’re allergic to cat fur, why are you a vet? Are you here to be a joke?” 
Lisa bit her lip. “I… I’m not a vet…” 
“If you’re not a vet, why are you here?” 
Lisa wanted to explain, but the person waved her hand at her. “Hurry up! You’re really a princess. You only know how to pick and choose when you’re working. You just arrived, and you’re already so picky?”. 
Lisa’s eyes turned red again. She lowered her head and could only find a mask to wear. Then, she walked to the stray cat beside her. 
Stray cats were usually more aggressive. They would bare their claws at her. 
Lisa stared at it and squatted down to help. 
As she worked, she could hear the senior mocking her from behind. “I knew it. She’s just being pretentious! What allergy to cat fur? Ha!” 
Lisa almost cried when she heard this. 
But she said nothing. 
As they were talking, someone suddenly ran over and said with a smile, “Oh my god, there was a rich second-generation heir who brought four cats and dogs over. He looks generous! Come and help!” 
The rest of the people exclaimed when they heard this.
Usually, when rich second-generation heirs came to seek treatment, they would give the nurses some extra tips. These people immediately put down their work and pushed their pets into the cages to be locked up before walking out. 
Lisa did not understand this. She stood up and followed behind them. 
However, when she walked to the front hall, she was seen by a senior. The senior immediately pointed at her and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Lisa was taken aback. “Didn’t you ask us to come and help?” 
The senior sneered. “It’s only your first day here, and you want to snatch credit and tips from us? Dream on! Go back and continue bathing the stray cats!” 
Lisa: “…Okay.” 
She did not expect there to be such things in the veterinary world. Just as she was about to leave, she heard the senior from before say, “What happened?” 
Before Lisa could say anything, the senior said, “It’s all because of this newbie. On her first day here, she’s already fighting for credit with us! However, she’s so picky when it comes to work. She doesn’t know anything and just charges forward to show off!” The senior frowned. “Your argument here has frightened the guest’s pets!” 
The senior immediately reprimanded Lisa. “Did you hear that? It’s all your fault for scaring the guest’s pet. If anything happens to the guest’s pet, it’s all your fault!” 
Lisa clenched her fists tightly. 
She lowered her head. “I didn’t say anything.”
“It’s clearly your fault. Why are you still talking back?” The senior did not give up. Just as she was about to continue reprimanding him, a voice was heard. 
“Alright, alright. My pets are not that weak. If you guys are done arguing, hurry over and treat them!” 
This impatient voice made Lisa suddenly raise her head and look at the front hall in disbelief. 
At this moment, Louis walked over with four cages. “Why are you guys arguing? It’s so annoying. You…” 
As he spoke, he suddenly saw her. His eyes instantly lit up. “Eh, little cousin? Why are you here?!” 
The moment he said this, the seniors instantly looked at Lisa! 
What did this distinguished guest call her just now? 
Little cousin? 
– 
At the same time, in the Smith villa. 
Nora woke up slowly. 
She stretched and picked up her phone. Then, she saw the email. Dr. Larson told her everything and added, “This is your student. You have to handle it yourself!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
She had forgotten about Lisa’s situation in school.
While she was hiding in the Smiths, no one dared to come over and scold her. However, Lisa was different! 
At the thought of this, she picked up her phone and called Lisa. 
The call was picked up very quickly. Lisa picked up the call. Nora asked, “Did they take their anger out on you because of me?” 
Lisa answered without hesitation, “No.” 
Nora nodded and felt relieved. 
Just as she was about to hang up, Louis’s voice suddenly sounded. “Who is it? Is it Nora? Tell her quickly that you have been assigned to a pet hospital!”
###Chapter 513
Chapter 513 Are You Satisfied with My Arrangement? 
Lisa originally did not intend to trouble Nora. 
After all, she had misunderstood that they were related by blood in the past. But now, she knew that was not the case. Nora was already good enough for treating her like before. 
She had to be tactful. 
Furthermore, the competition was about to begin. Even if she suffered a little, it would only be for the next two days. Therefore, Lisa did not intend to say anything. 
However, she never expected Louis to interrupt at this moment. 
Furthermore, Louis had snatched her phone away. The blonde Louis rattled on the computer. “Nora, aren’t you the one protecting this little cousin of yours? Did you know that she was assigned to a pet hospital? Furthermore, she was bullied here! She’s even allergic to cat fur. Now, her face has rashes! Come and save her quickly. Otherwise, your little cousin will be bullied to death!” 
Lisa: “!!” 
She wanted to snatch the phone, but Louis jumped up and refused to give it to her. 
Nora was asking on her phone, “Which pet hospital?” 
Louis told her the hospital’s name. 
Nora nodded. “Got it.”
Louis was still talking. “It doesn’t matter if you’ve got it. You have to resolve this quickly. Your little cousin is too weak. She didn’t even make a sound when she was scolded. She’s really pitiful.” 
Nora: “…” 
“You… Give me back my phone!” Lisa was so angry that she reached out to snatch the phone. However, Louis was much taller than her and she couldn’t snatch it. She could only jump up, but this jump disrupted her balance and she fell to the side! “Hey, be careful!” 
Louis hugged her waist and used himself as a shield before falling to the ground! 
Lisa collapsed onto him! 
The two of them made intimate contact again. 
Lisa looked at Louis in shock. 
As for Louis, he looked at her red face. He was so close that Lisa was frightened. She stretched out her hand and struggled to get up, but she pressed it against Louis’s chest. “Ouch!” 
Louis shouted, “Lisa, you’re taking advantage of me!” 
Lisa: “…” 
She hurriedly stood up and picked up her phone. She wanted to tell Nora not to worry about her, but she realized that the call had already ended. 
She said to Louis angrily, “You, why are you troubling Nora?” 
Louis: “… That’s your sister. We’re all family. How can helping you be troublesome?” 
Lisa: “”
Louis looked at her confidently. Lisa was so angry that she couldn’t speak. She could only bite her lip hatefully. 
Louis said, “Oh, right, Nora wants you to go back to school. You don’t have to stay here anymore.” 
Lisa nodded and left. 
Louis followed her hurriedly. “I’ll take you to school!” 
Lisa: “No need…” 
Louis chased after her. “It’s not your fault that you’re so ugly, but it’s your fault if others see you and go blind from your ugliness. Are you really going to harm people?” Lisa: “?” 
Louis smiled annoyingly. “So, let me take you back!” 
The New York University of Medicine. 
Nora’s Mercedes Benz jeep stopped in the parking lot and she went straight upstairs. She killed her way to the office of the dean. Dean Shaw indeed did not know what the students below were doing. However, after hearing Nora say all this, Dean Shaw instantly frowned. “Ridiculous! How can the teacher’s matter be blamed on the students? I will definitely get someone to investigate this matter thoroughly!” 
Those students who used their power to bully others had such a bad character in school. What would happen when they entered society? 
They had to find out who they were and punish them severely!
Nora could always rest assured when Dean Shaw handled things. After all, the two of them had worked together so many times. She nodded and said coldly, “Dean Shaw, I’ll leave my student to you. Now that this has happened…” Dean Shaw sighed. “I know what you mean. Alright, I’ll compensate her. There’s a very good surgery in a few days. I can arrange for her to go on a tour. Don’t worry. She’s just a student. The school won’t do anything to her. The bigger problem now is you!” Nora raised her eyebrows and asked, “What’s wrong?” Dean Shaw pointed at her. He felt that this person was really good at finding trouble. He asked, “Let me ask you something. Did you say that alternative medicine is useless?” 
Nora’s answer was straightforward. “No.” 
Dean Shaw nodded. “I knew it. But now, the matter has become serious. Do you know? Students are the easiest to rile up, and they are the most hot-blooded. In school, there was already a disagreement between modern and alternative medicine departments. Now, with you, the entire school is in chaos!” 
He sighed. “Many modern medicine students look down on alternative medicine, and the alternative medicine academy is very angry. They have already jointly proposed to the school to revoke your status as a student mentor!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Then? Do you need me to clarify?” 
When Dean Shaw saw that she was still neither anxious nor slow, he sighed. “There’s no need. I’ll suppress it for you. But there has to be an end to this matter. If you clarify, most of the students won’t believe you anymore! Everyone will only tacitly agree that you submitted to the school’s pressure. This matter is even being talked about on some foreign medical forums!” Nora was stunned. “Foreign forums?” Dean Shaw nodded. “Yes, I don’t know who pushed it either. Of course, it might also be because your status in the medical world is too high. Your slightest movement attracts the attention of foreign countries. They have someone posting on the news that you will definitely be apologizing on the Internet. Furthermore, they say that you are not trying to cause a conflict between alternative medicine
and modern medicine, nor are you looking down on alternative medicine. Because China focuses on alternative medicine, you will definitely be threatened by China. If you don’t change your words, you will never be able to go there.” 
Nora: “…” 
Weren’t foreigners too scheming? 
It was just a sentence, why did they have to interpret it like that? 
Dean Shaw said again, “Especially after your student explained it for you. The people from alternative medicine didn’t believe it, but the people from Western medicine believed this news. They said that your student’s actions were foreshadowing your apology! Therefore, you’re in a tough spot now.” If she apologized publicly, the foreigners would have had guessed right. 
If she did not apologize publicly, she would have to bite the bullet and acknowledge it. 
Dean Shaw’s head hurt. 
Nora raised her brows. 
At this moment, her phone rang. 
She picked it up and saw Trueman’s message. “Are you satisfied with my arrangements, Doctor Anti?”
###Chapter 514
Chapter 514 Passionate 
When she saw this sentence, Nora suddenly understood. 
No wonder the people overseas had noticed her words. It turned out that all of this was arranged by Trueman! 
Веер! 
Trueman’s second message came: “Now, you can’t even survive in the alternative medicine industry anymore. I can show you the way.” 
Nora curled her lips and typed slowly. “Tell me.” 
Trueman: “Come with me. Join us, leave New York. Your modern medicine skills are top-notch in every country. You will be respected!” Nora: “…” 
This Trueman really refused to change! 
But this time… 
She was a little tired of it. 
She lowered her head and suddenly said, “Let’s make a bet.” 
Trueman: “What bet?” 
Nora: “Bet if I can get through this safely. If I lose, I’ll leave with you. But if I win, you have to answer five of my questions.”
Trueman: “Five questions… You’re really greedy!” 
Nora was about to reply when Trueman sent another message. “But there’s no problem! This time, I definitely won’t let you off easy!” 
In the hotel. 
After sending the message, Trueman’s lips curled into a dark smile. 
The person at the side asked, “Little master, can we really suppress her like this?” 
Trueman smiled. “Do you know what talented people hate the most?” 
“What?” 
“Being disciplined!” 
Trueman stared ahead and smiled. “She’s so unwilling to admit defeat. How can a person who doesn’t give in to me obey the discipline of the Medical University? Whether she wins or loses this competition, apologizes, or admits to this matter-she will either be expelled from the Medical University or end up being controlled by them. Someone like her will eventually leave because she can’t stand it!” 
That person did not understand. “But Anti is the number one international surgeon! I don’t understand.” 
Trueman smiled. “Most powerful people only know how to protect themselves!” 
Nora’s matter had already become very influential. The principals and deans of the New York University of Medicine would definitely push Nora out to bear the public’s anger! 
After all, if Nora did not go out, they would be the ones to face the anger! 
Powerful people loved to shirk their responsibilities.
– 
Nora put down her phone and looked up at Dean Shaw again. However, she saw that although he still had a worried expression on his face, he still said, “If there’s nothing else, you should rest well at home these next few days! Sleep more!” 
Nora comforted him. “I know. Don’t worry. The competition will end in two days. I won’t make things difficult for you.” 
Dean Shaw nodded. 
Nora walked out. 
After she left, Dean Shaw’s assistant, Michael, walked in. He said with a worried expression, “Dean Shaw, the principal is here!” 
Dean Shaw went out personally to welcome the principal. 
The principal frowned. The moment he entered, he explained the situation outside clearly. “Now, it has become a trending topic on the internet. People are focusing on how such a person can become a teacher in an authoritative school! She has caused a conflict between modern and alternative medicine and is simply misleading the students! There is also a group of reporters who have surrounded the school! They say that the people want such a teacher to be dismissed from their post!” 
With that, he looked at Dean Shaw and asked, “What do we do now?” 
Dean Shaw frowned as well. “What do you think we should do? I was the one who recruited Anti, and she’s also our neurosurgery supervisor.” 
The principal sighed. “She’s an external resource! She’s indeed unreliable!”
Dean Shaw immediately nodded. “Why don’t we think of a way to get rid of her title?” 
The principal was deep in thought. 
Michael, who was standing at the side, became anxious. 
What did the director and principal mean? 
Were they really going to give up on Anti? 
Others might not know the truth, but Michael, who was with Dean Shaw, knew that Anti had been used! 
The words on the Internet were forcing her! 
Anti was Michael’s idol. Michael looked at the director and principal in front of him. For some reason, he suddenly felt angry. 
But then, he felt helpless. 
In the past, the Americans were relatively weak and could not keep scientists around. Talent flow was the greatest problem, but many people had said that this was because they were not broad-minded enough. 
Look… it was starting again. 
Whenever there was a problem, the first person to be pushed out would always be a talent! He lowered his head and clenched his fists. He was suddenly a little disappointed with the school. What was the point of staying in such a school? 
He looked up and was about to say something when he suddenly heard Dean Shaw’s voice. “It’s a little difficult to hire her as an official graduate mentor. After all, Anti’s personality is too strange! But I will definitely work hard to resolve this matter!”
The principal instantly patted his shoulder. “Yes, you can do it! You must protect such a talent for our school and our country!” 
Michael was speechless. 
He was stunned and looked at the principal and director in disbelief. 
He swallowed. “But… but what if someone pursues this matter?” 
Dean Shaw said, “Heh, like I said, I was the one who recruited Anti. I’ll bear full responsibility! Even if I’m scolded on the Internet, even if I’m dismissed, Anti must not be chased out!” 
His voice was sonorous and powerful. 
However, the moment he said this, the principal smiled as well. “Dean Shaw, you can’t snatch this duty from me! I’m the principal of the New York University of Medicine! Research is your professional duty. Leave this external matter to me! Our school can’t be threatened by reporters and be forced to compromise!” 
Dean Shaw was silent for a moment. “But the higher-ups…” 
The principal smiled. “The higher-ups have already arrived. According to the rules, Anti will be suspended for investigation, but I’ve already guaranteed that this is all a misunderstanding. This is all an outsider’s scheme! If Anti had really said that or if she really took the opportunity to escape from New York, I’m willing to take full responsibility!” 
Dean Shaw’s eyes turned red. The two elders looked at each other and smiled after a while. 
Michael stood at the side and watched.
A ball of fire suddenly ignited in his heart. 
See, this was the unity we needed! 
His country was already getting stronger and stronger, and the embrace of his country was also so warm. It would definitely not disappoint the rare talents who stayed behind! 
The sky gradually darkened. 
In school, Nora did not know about the Principal and Dean Shaw’s difficulties. She did not know that things had become so serious. 
The medical competition would take place the next day. She looked a little worried. 
Others thought that she was worried about tomorrow. Unbeknownst to everyone, Nora was staring at her phone. On it was a message from Justin “Nora, I’ll call you when I’m downstairs.” 
It had been half an hour since she received this message, but why was Justin not downstairs yet?
###Chapter 515
Chapter 515 We Have to Act Fast 
Cherry and Pete held their little heads and looked at Nora. However, they saw Nora, who usually went to bed early after taking a shower and had nothing to do, yawning as she held her phone in boredom. 
Cherry blinked her grape-like eyes and asked, “Mommy, why aren’t you asleep?” 
If Mommy did not go to bed, how was she going to play games?! 
Nora glanced at her and yawned again. She was so sleepy that she could barely open her eyes. 
If he still did not come, she would fall asleep! 
Pete suddenly asked, “Mommy, are you waiting for news from Daddy?” 
Nora: “?” 
Her eyes instantly jumped open. She looked at Pete and coughed. Her voice was slightly hoarse and carried a hint of panic that no one else could detect. “How did you know?” 
Pete sighed. “Because Daddy is in the living room downstairs!” 
Nora: “” 
She asked in surprise, “What?” 
Pete nodded and said, “Yes, I saw Daddy coming from outside earlier. I happened to bump into Grandpa, so I called him in. The two of them are chatting downstairs now!” 
Nora: “…”
She sat up and thought about it. Then, she went out and saw two men sitting downstairs. 
Justin sat on the sofa with his back straight. 
Ian was sitting in a wheelchair drinking tea. The two of them sat facing each other but did not speak. The living room was very quiet. 
Nora looked at them and was about to go downstairs. When she turned around, she saw Joel and Tanya sitting beside the bedroom door on the second floor. The two of them had even moved two chairs over. Both of them looked like they were watching a show. 
To make matters worse, there was a plate of melon seeds in the middle. 
When she saw Nora, Tanya grinned at her and spat out a melon seed skin. She explained, “The two of them have been sitting opposite each other for ten minutes without saying a word.” 
Joel nodded at the side. “It looks like Justin is in big trouble if he wants to marry Nora.” 
Tanya raised her chin when she heard that. “I think it was too easy for you to marry me! Many people chased after me back then!” 
Joel chuckled gently. “Yes, it’s mainly because my wife cooperated well and didn’t give my father-in-law any space to rebel.” 
With that, he said, “Otherwise, it would have been more difficult for me. After all, Uncle Ian is still reasonable, but Karl…” 
Before he could finish, Tanya glared at him. “What are you trying to say?” 
Joel immediately changed his tone. “Karl is more straightforward and not as scheming as Uncle Ian.” 
“…That’s more like it!”
After saying that, Tanya grabbed a bunch of melon seeds. After some thought, she stuffed them into Joel’s hands. Joel chuckled and took them over to help peel them. He then placed the seeds into Tanya’s mouth. 
The two of them sat very close to each other and had an intimate posture. Nora pouted and then walked downstairs. 
When she went downstairs, she happened to hear Justin asking, “Uncle Ian, do you have anything to say to me? I came here today to… see the children.” 
Ian asked casually, “Even if I have nothing to say, can’t you accompany me for a while?” Justin replied, “… Of course, I can.” 
He adjusted his black suit. “If you need my company, I’m free no matter how long it takes.” 
“…” Ian choked. “There’s no need for that. I’m just a little lonely right now and need someone to accompany me.” 
Anyway, he was not allowed to go upstairs! 
Justin coughed and nodded. “No problem. If it gets too late, I can just stay the night. I’ll help you keep watch tonight?” 
На. 
Who knew whose room he would go to in the middle of the night? 
As Ian thought about this, he said, “There’s no need for that. I’m not used to people guarding the night for me.”
Justin leaned forward and poured him a cup of tea. After Ian took a sip, Justin asked, “Uncle Ian, regarding my grandmother, I’ll apologize to you here! But don’t worry, I’ll definitely make her bow down to Nora.” 
Ian’s attitude was cold and he was very difficult to talk to. Even now, he did not relent. “It doesn’t matter if she yields or not. Anyway, Nora has nothing to do with your family.” 
Justin sighed. “Uncle Ian, Nora and I…” 
“You and Nora had two children by accident. It’s indeed troublesome, but don’t worry. No matter what, you’re still the child’s father. If you come to see the child, I won’t stop you.” 
Justin seemed to have choked. He lowered his head. “Uncle Ian, what must I do to make you agree to our marriage?” Ian did not expect him to make himself sound so pitiful, to the point that he choked on his words. He frowned and began to count his shortcomings. “The families of the Hunts are all at odds. The side family has been fighting with you all this time, right? And that grandmother of yours is not someone easy to deal with. After Nora marries you, the family matters will be too troublesome. These are all things I can’t agree with.” 
Justin nodded. “I know. There are many problems at home, but I will work hard to resolve these problems before coming to propose.” 
Ian frowned. “We’ll talk about it when the time comes. If there’s nothing else, you can leave!” 
Justin slowly lowered his head, his expression revealing some grievance. When she saw him like this, Nora suddenly thought of the first time she had seen him. It was in the hotel. The man was like a moon surrounded by stars, dazzling. Such a person would smile when facing Karl Moore, threatening him domineeringly, but when facing Ian, he accepted the unreasonable criticism. 
Nora lowered her eyes and suddenly said, “Cherry missed you. Come up and see her.”
Justin’s eyes lit up when he heard this. He subconsciously took two steps toward Nora, but then he stopped and looked at lan hesitantly. 
His expression was as if he did not dare to go over unless Ian allowed it. 
Ian: “!!” 
He finally understood. This fellow had not spoken since he entered and was waiting for him to speak. Whoever spoke first would lose, but why did Justin suddenly start to give in?! 
So it was because Nora had come downstairs! 
This pretentious guy! 
However, since he had just reunited with his daughter, he definitely couldn’t separate the two of them forcefully. Therefore, he said angrily, “Go.” Justin revealed a happy expression. “Thank you, Uncle Ian!” 
Then, he followed Nora upstairs. 
Ian: “…” 
He suddenly felt very aggrieved! 
Justin, who was following behind Nora, smiled. He followed Nora upstairs. When he saw Joel, he paused for a moment and nodded before following Nora into the bedroom. 
As soon as they entered, he said to Cherry and Pete, “I saw Mia just now. She’s looking for you guys.” 
Nora: “?”
When Cherry saw Justin, she had already jumped off the sofa and was running toward him. When she heard this, she stopped in front of him and asked hesitantly, “It’s already so late. Mia is still awake?” 
Justin coughed. “Yes.” 
Pete glanced at the tyrant and stood up helplessly. “Cherry, let’s go.” 
Nora looked at him chasing the children out the door. Then, with a click, he locked the door and turned to look at her. “Nora, we don’t have much time. We have to hurry.” 
Nora: “”
###Chapter 516
Chapter 516 The Scheming Father And Son 
Nora’s eyes widened in astonishment and she looked at Justin in disbelief. 
She really had asked him up just to let him visit the children! 
Wasn’t the guy a slave to his daughter? 
Why did he chase Cherry out of the room when he hadn’t even touched her little finger yet? Also, what was he talking about when he told her that they had to hurry?! 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she subconsciously asked, “Hurry and do what?” 
Almost right after she spoke, Justin turned and walked towards Nora. In just a couple of steps, he came up to her, held her around the waist, and said aggrievedly, “Although a man shouldn’t be talking about going fast, I still want to have you as soon as possible.” 
Nora: “!!!” 
With the man coming so close to her, she could smell the vanilla scent on him again. The man’s masculine pheromones filled her nose and made her swallow. She wanted to push the man away, but Justin had already lowered his head and was whispering into her ear. He said, “Nora, this is my first time, so I don’t have any experience. Please be patient with me.” 
IIII 
The man’s voice was very deep, making him sound like a subwoofer. His voice was so pleasant it could give one an eargasm.
Nora felt as if her ears were being tickled. In fact, she felt as if even the depths of her heart were slowly starting to itch. However, she could nevertheless sense that the man was nervous—his heart had started to pound violently again. 
Her cheeks turned red. She wanted to speak, but the man suddenly nipped her ear. 
Nora froze all over at once! 
The sensation on her ears was soft and icy-cold. He nibbled on her ear gently, making her feel as though an electric current had surged straight into her heart! 
She wanted to push Justin away, but it was as though all her strength had been sapped away, rendering her unable to move. The next moment, the man pushed her down onto the soft bed. 
Then, his lips covered hers once more. 
His lips were soft and delicate, making Nora slowly close her eyes… 
Justin had always exercised self-control in everything he did, but after he kissed Nora the night before, he had dreamed about kissing her the whole night. 
He never knew that kissing was this addictive. 
It was as if it wouldn’t be enough no matter how much he kissed her… 
As a result, during the ten minutes that Ian had kept him downstairs after he arrived, he had been terribly distraught. 
When he came upstairs, he couldn’t wait any longer to continue where they had left off the previous evening Nora felt her chest becoming awfully tight. It was as though the man had sucked away all the air in her lungs, making her so tense and nervous that her body was becoming limp.
She was already a mother, but in her memory, this was the first time that she was being so intimate with a man. This continued until… 
Knock, knock. 
It was only when someone knocked on the door that the two of them finally came back to their senses with a start. 
Nora subconsciously glanced at her cell phone 
—they had already been kissing for half an hour… But she clearly felt as if only a minute had passed… 
“Sigh!” 
Justin sighed softly and said, “Time flies… Even though I’m already making the most out of the time we have, it still feels like there isn’t enough.” 
Nora: “…” 
Knock, knock! 
Someone knocked on the door again. Then, Ian’s voice rang out outside. 
“Nora?” 
Nora abruptly pushed Justin away and sat up straight when she heard Ian’s voice. She took a couple of deep breaths and glared at Justin before she finally walked over to open the door. 
As soon as she opened the door, she saw Ian standing outside and pulling a very long face. Behind him were Cherry and Pete. 
Cherry said “Daddy lied! Mia is already asleep! Mommy, Daddy, what were the two of you doing, though?” Nora was about to say something to gloss over the topic when Pete asked, “Were you two making more brothers and sisters for us?” 
Nora: “!!!” 
She almost choked on her saliva! 
Her cheeks immediately flushed crimson. She sounded a little panicky as she replied, “No, we weren’t!” 
Behind the children, Tanya and Joel were craning their necks and watching the excitement like the nosy bystanders they were. In particular, Tanya’s pretty eyes swept across Nora’s face before finally stopping at her lips. She stared at her lips thoughtfully for a while, and then a touch of a smile formed on her face. 
Pete frowned. “Oh, you weren’t? Mia said that her parents told her that they are planning to give her a younger sibling, so they kicked her out of the bedroom while her mom and dad slept together. That’s why I thought Mommy and the tyr… I mean, Daddy were also making younger brothers and sisters for us!” Tanya: “” 
Joel: “” 
How did the focus turn to the two of them when they were just watching the excitement?! 
Tanya’s cheeks immediately turned red. The miffed woman glared at Joel and then, she turned and left. 
Joel hurriedly followed after her. “Tanya, don’t be mad…” 
Tanya’s spluttering voice traveled over faintly: “It’s all your fault for saying such nonsense to the child…” 
After the two left, Pete gave Nora a look. Only then did Nora understand that Pete was actually trying to help her. That’s for watching the show and not helping out! Not only did Tanya and Joel not help, but they
had pretty much even brought stools and popcorn over. Regardless, despite Pete’s young age, he knew how to set up traps for others. He was simply too scheming! 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile and she finally looked at Ian. 
Ian was glaring at Justin angrily. “What were the two of you doing?”. “… Discussing that matter about modern and alternative medicine, of course,” replied Justin. 
Ian didn’t believe him. He frowned and asked, “That’s it?” 
Justin nodded with a straight face. “It’s true, Uncle Ian. What else could we have been doing? Even if you don’t trust me, surely you trust Nora, right?” 
Ian: “” 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. In this instant, he suddenly felt as if he was being forced to suffer in silence. 
Of course, he didn’t trust him! 
He had already seen the two of them cozying up to each other outside the night before! 
Now that they were hiding in the room today, they must have gone even further than what they did the day before. 
But could he say that he didn’t believe what Justin said? 
No, he couldn’t!
Because if he did, then Nora would realize that he’d seen them the day before! When that happened, things would become awkward for all three of them! 
Ian suddenly felt like he had been tricked. 
He glared at Justin furiously, upon which he heard him say to Nora, “I’ll come again tomorrow… to visit the children. Uncle Ian, you said just now that I am the children’s father, so you won’t stop me from coming over to visit them. In that case, you won’t stop me from coming tomorrow, either, right?” 
Ian: “…” 
Was he openly moving in now?! He felt like throwing up blood! He took a deep breath and held back his anger. At last, he said reluctantly, “Yeah.” 
With a faint smile in his eyes, Justin looked at Nora with lingering affection. The look of reluctance to part in his eyes was so intense that Nora felt if it might make her stick to him. 
She retracted her gaze, opened the door, and drove both Justin and Ian out. Then, she whispered, “See you tomorrow.” 
The next day, it was finally time for the modern versus alternative medicine competition! 
After Nora woke up in the morning and washed up, she drove straight to the New York University of Medicine’s grand hall.
###Chapter 517
Chapter 517 Exposing Her Own Identity! 
Blaine had arranged for the competition to be held in the grand hall. 
His purpose in doing so was to provoke the students in the school. After all, these students had yet to become part of the working society, so they were some of the most passionate people around. 
When Nora arrived at the school’s entrance, she could already see reporters heading to the grand hall. 
She frowned slightly, not understanding why the school wasn’t doing anything about it. Right at this moment, she heard the reporters’ voices: 
“Hah, even though we had strongly requested that the medical university suspend and investigate Anti, they rejected our request and are defending her very fiercely. On top of that, they even said that this isn’t a competition of skills but more like a debate instead, and have sincerely invited everyone from the medical profession to come over and watch! How are they so confident that they can clear Anti’s name?” 
“Exactly. I’m also very confused. It’s as though the university has something they can use as leverage. I don’t believe they can really clear her name!” 
The two of them entered the school while discussing the topic. 
Nora, however, stood where she was and broke into a frown. 
A moment later, her lips suddenly curled into a smile. 
To be honest, foreign universities had also invited her to become a professor or take on similar positions in their schools before, but she had rejected them all. She had only become an external professor at the medical university because of Shaw.
She didn’t have any feelings for the New York University of Medicine. 
After all, the school was ridden with all sorts of issues, such as the postgraduate entrance examination the other time, as well as Michael Lange… 
However, in this instant, she suddenly felt like the school was actually very cute and lovable. 
Their level of magnanimity alone already put the New York University of Medicine way above the foreign universities! 
The thought of all the messages criticizing alternative medicine on foreign websites made Nora narrow her eyes. She strode toward the auditorium. 
She came relatively late. By then, the people in the auditorium were already split into three different factions. 
One faction was made up of firm supporters of modern medicine. Blaine was their leader. 
Another faction was made up of supporters of alternative medicine. Jon and Elaine were their leaders. Some students of alternative medicine in the school were also part of the group. 
The last faction was made up of people remaining neutral. Dean Shaw was the leader. Michael and Lisa, as well as Sheril who was concerned for Nora, were all standing there. 
Blaine and Jon were currently lashing out at each other while throwing medical terms around. Blaine even cited a few patient case studies as a challenge for Jon. 
Blaine had initially proposed that each side would provide a few patients for the other side to treat, but the plan was rejected. After all, it was highly inappropriate to bring the patients to the venue. 
Besides, they didn’t bring the instruments and equipment used in modern medicine, either.
Both sides debated endlessly with each other, and their words became increasingly sharper. 
When Nora arrived, Dean Shaw was making a concluding speech. He said, “Whether it is alternative medicine or modern medicine, both are meant for the patients’ well-being. We should not be promoting one and belittling the other! Therefore, there is no meaning to the debate today at all! Mr. Myers, you’re an old-timer in the field of alternative medicine. I only have one question for you—is modern medicine really inferior to alternative medicine? Can you guarantee that you have never taken any modern drugs in your entire life? Or that you have never had any CT scans done?” 
Dean Shaw’s words made Jon choke. 
Blaine immediately let out a contemptuous laugh. However, before he could speak, Dean Shaw spoke again. “Don’t be so happy yet, Dr. Jonas. My question for you is, when women with fertility problems have CT scans done, most of the time it doesn’t show any problems. Can you help them resolve their endocrine disorders and problems with their weak spleen and stomach?” 
Blaine also choked. 
Dean Shaw sighed. “Therefore, it is utterly meaningless for us to be arguing about this. Alternative and modern medicine complement and supplement each other. The ultimate goal should be to cure the patient!” 
Prior to this, both sides had already experienced intense debates, and over the course of the debate, everyone present had all gained an understanding of the subjects to some extent. Thus, when Dean Shaw said what he did, all the students became rather thoughtful. 
Just like that, the confrontation between modern and alternative medicine practitioners calmed down. 
Nora, who was among the crowd, felt that Shaw had handled the problem in a rather comprehensive and well-rounded manner.
However, Jon suddenly went on the offensive. He said, “Dean Shaw, what you said is indeed correct, but the person who caused this dispute is Anti, your school’s external professor! If she hadn’t made such an arrogant and ignorant claim that modern medicine is superior to alternative medicine, how would things have come to this point?” 
Elaine nodded. “Yes, everyone here is an elite from all walks of life, but just because of one sentence she said, everyone has come here to fight about these issues, leading to the current situation. All of this is because of Anti!” 
Blaine also immediately chimed in and said, “Yes, I was also influenced by Anti. That was why I had challenged the alternative medicine circle in a moment of pique. Now that I think about it, I feel so ashamed of myself. Mr. Myers, I was too impulsive!” 
Jon waved and said, “You’re still young, so it’s understandable that you would get ahead of yourself. However, we mustn’t let the culprit go scot-free!” 
Blaine and Elaine highly approved of what he said. “Yes, I strongly suggest that Anti be punished!” 
Given how things had come to this point with regard to the incident, to be honest, punishing Anti would serve as giving everyone and every industry a proper explanation. With that, the incident would also pass. 
Nora stood in the crowd and folded her arms. 
The next moment, Dean Shaw waved and said, “Now that things have come to this, I shall just tell everyone the truth! To be honest, I was the one who told Anti to say those frivolous things!” 
His words took Nora by surprise. Then, Dean Shaw said, “In recent years, there have been endless battles between the modern and alternative medicine circles, and everyone also has different ideas
about the subject. I have always wanted to hold a debate like this and have everyone come forward to discuss the subject! But my position in the circle is lowly and my words unimportant, so I came up with such a method to have Anti arouse public outrage. Sure enough, everyone has turned up!” Nora: “” 
Seeing how dubious the students around her were, yet none of them were pressing the issue any further, she couldn’t help but smile. 
She hadn’t expected Shaw to come up with such a solution. It seemed like she wouldn’t have to expose her identity anymore today? 
That worked out for her quite well. This way, those old stick-in-the-muds in the alternative medicine circle wouldn’t come to her anymore. They were simply too much trouble. 
The thought had only just formed when a voice rang out from among the students. “Dean Shaw, in order to protect that external professor, you’re really giving it your all!” 
Nora frowned and looked over sharply, but before she could catch sight of the person talking, an audio recording suddenly started playing 
“Sir, at this point, it’s kind of meaningless even if Anti clarifies that she didn’t say anything like that. Why don’t we take the opportunity to host a debate, and then say that it was all my idea?” 
It was Dean Shaw’s voice. 
The principal’s voice then rang out. “Shaw, it’s gonna be tough on you, then!” 
“Nah, it’s not. For the sake of the school, as well as for Anti, this is something I should do!” 
When the recording finished playing, the whole auditorium fell silent for a moment. 
Then, the whole place exploded.
All the students glared at Dean Shaw and everyone started shouting. “You liar!” 
“Dean Shaw, in order to let a professor with a bad character stay, you people sure are doing a lot!” 
“The New York University of Medicine is the best medical university in the country, but to think it’s also so dirty and corrupted! It really takes the cake!” 
“My goodness, all of this is a scam!” With someone taking the lead, this immediately triggered all the students’ anger at being deceived. Be it the modern medicine students or the alternative medicine students, all of them were incited into yelling furiously. 
“Dismiss Anti from the school!” 
“Dismiss Anti! We will not stand for being in the same school as a professor like her!” 
When everyone started becoming worked up, Lisa and Sheril couldn’t help but shout, “Anti really didn’t say anything like that! All of this is because someone is trying to defame her!” 
However, someone immediately retorted, “Some of us heard her saying that with our own ears. Dr. Jonas has also admitted to it. Are you still refusing to tell the truth? Even now, Anti is still hiding at the back and refusing to come out. I really look down on her!” 
“Yes, Anti is the black sheep of the Medical University! She must be expelled!” 
“ 
In the midst of all the speculation, Nora narrowed her eyes and slowly stepped onto the stage. The moment he spotted her, Blaine immediately shouted, “Anti, why did you incite us into fighting with the alternative medicine circle, yet you yourself failed to show up? You hypocrite hiding behind the crowd!”
Jon also pointed at her and reprimanded, “Do you not dare to own up to your deeds? How could you make Dean Shaw shoulder the responsibility for you?! You are such a disgrace to the medical profession!” 
Elaine even shouted, “Dear students, I heard with my own ears her saying that alternative medicine is inferior to modern medicine. Given how she despises alternative medicine, how can someone like her remain in the Medical University?!” 
As the three of them spoke, the students became even more outrageous. 
Even the reporters were so angry that they pointed their microphones at Nora. 
“Anti, why are you doing this?” 
“Do you really look down on alternative medicine?” 
Nora looked at all the agitated people around her. They were already starting to become violent. She looked at the reporter calmly, her voice reaching all the students’ ears through the microphone. 
“I have never said that. Neither have I ever looked down on alternative medicine. To me, alternative medicine and modern medicine are both methods of curing diseases. Neither has ever been superior or inferior to the other!” 
As soon as she said that, everyone stopped talking. 
The reporter was also stunned. 
Blaine narrowed his eyes. “That’s not what you told me in private, Anti!”
Jon also sneered, “You must be scared, right? Did you become frightened after seeing so many of us here? So you decided to compromise?! But it seems that it’s too late even if you change your stance now!” Elaine also shook her head. “Anti, making mistakes isn’t that scary. It’ll be fine once you rectify your mistakes. Even Dr. Jonas has apologized, so why can’t you just apologize?” 
Nora looked at Elaine. “I told you, I didn’t say that. You and Blaine are the ones slandering me, so why should I apologize?” Elaine bit her lip. “How did I slander you? If I was the only one saying that, then perhaps I’m the one making up lies, but even Dr. Blaine has said so. You clearly meant it!” 
The reporters also spoke up. 
“Anti, you keep saying that you didn’t say it. Do you have any evidence?” As soon as they said that, Dean Shaw panicked. 
How could anyone possibly have evidence of whether they have said something or not? 
Smiles, however, appeared on Elaine and Blaine’s faces. They knew that the reporters had been misled by them. 
No matter what Nora said at this point, no one would not believe her. 
Unexpectedly, the next moment, Nora’s lips slowly started to curl upward. She suddenly smiled and replied, “Of course, I have evidence.” 
“What kind of evidence is it?”
###Chapter 518
Chapter 518 There’s No Way She Would Ever Say Anything Like That! 
Elaine frowned and looked at Nora. 
It was at this moment that a student in the crowd suddenly raised her hand slowly. “I… I can prove that Anti didn’t say anything like that…” 
Everyone looked at her in unison. 
The student looked very timid. Seeing that everyone around her was looking over, she became a little nervous. She swallowed and said, “I was interning in that hospital that day, and was fortunate enough to witness the argument between Dr. Miller and Dr. Anti. From the beginning to the end, it was Dr. Miller who kept saying that Anti looked down on alternative medicine, but Anti had never agreed with it. What Dr. Anti said had no intention of belittling alternative medicine at all!” 
Nora looked at the student in surprise. 
She was likely a postgraduate student majoring in nursing at the school. Otherwise, she would not have been able to intern in the hospital. It indeed took a lot of courage for her to step forward and clear her name at this moment. 
Without Shaw’s actions just now, perhaps everyone would have believed her, but now… 
Sure enough, some of the students around them believed what she said while some looked obviously skeptical. Elaine sneered, “In order to protect Anti, the school sure is doing a lot! The dean is lying together with students…” 
An uproar went through the place. 
The student’s eyes turned red. “I’m not lying. What I said is true… Really, you have to believe me!” 
However, only a few people around her believed her and stood with her, whereas the rest instantly stepped away from her as if she was some kind of virus. 
Elaine sighed. 
Her sigh made the students even more distrustful of the girl’s words. 
The student bit her lip. “I swear that everything I said is true. Otherwise… otherwise, I will never find a boyfriend for the rest of my life!” 
Her oath was certainly harsh. 
Some students believed her while some started to hesitate. 
Jon, however, sneered, “Swear? Are college students all so superstitious these days?” 
When the student heard that, tears fell from her eyes. “I am not being superstitious. I… I’m just using the oath to express my resolution. I really am telling the truth! What must I do to make all of you believe me?” 
Someone next to her asked, “Are you stepping forward and saying that because Anti offered you some kind of benefit? Why didn’t you say it before?” 
The student bit her lip. “Everyone was condemning Anti previously. I have been speaking up for Anti in the dorms all this time, but none of you listened to me… I was also scared. When Lisa spoke up for Anti, all the students from the modern and alternative medicine majors came together to ostracize her. I was scared that it would also happen to me… But now, I don’t find the incident so serious anymore. We can’t dismiss Anti just because of something like this… I didn’t expect things to become so serious…” 
She was so aggrieved that she started to cry.
Elaine sighed and said, “Miss, you shouldn’t be covering up for her. This is completely about Anti’s attitude! Every school is paying attention to the cooperation of modern and alternative medicine now. In fact, our school has even launched a major that specializes in merging modern and alternative medicine! Yet here she is, instigating conflicts between modern and alternative medicine. This is really unacceptable. Why are you still trying to protect a teacher like her?” 
The verbal attacks pushed the student close to a mental breakdown. “I’m really not trying to protect her! What I said is all true!” 
Blaine sighed. “Alright, alright, let’s not push her into a corner anymore. Let’s just take it that what she said is true. Anti has never said that to Dr. Miller in the hospital, she has only said that to me. Will that do?” 
He looked at Nora and said, “Dr. Anti, I have always admired you very much, and have also always regarded you as my idol. My purpose in returning to the States this time was also to visit you. But during my debate with the few seniors in alternative medicine just now, I have realized how ignorant I was. We were really wrong to think that way. To be honest, it’s okay to admit to the mistake openly. Science advances via dialectical discussions in the first place! You shouldn’t be too stubborn!” 
Then, he looked at Shaw. “The dean was trying to defend you, too. As long as you apologize, I’m sure everyone will still be willing to forgive you!” 
Nora: “…” 
He sure was imposing his will on her. The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. Although she was used to being lazy all the time, she could still detect the language trap in Blaine’s words. 
Nora couldn’t help yawning.
She finally understood what he was saying. Blaine might have put it nicely, but they weren’t asking her to admit to her mistake at all. Rather, once she admitted to it, they would kick her out of the school! 
Besides, it would cement all the more the belief that the female student was lying. 
Shaw was a leader of the academy. If he was forced to lie because of certain circumstances, at the most, everyone would just secretly question his character, but they wouldn’t dare to do anything to him. 
However, the female student’s life in school would be utter hell in the future! 
At this point, Jon also spoke up. “Nora, you are Yvette Anderson’s daughter and can be considered our junior in the alternative medicine profession. It’s not like we can’t give you a chance to turn over a new leaf if you make a mistake! Your mother was so impressive in the alternative medicine circle back then, but why are you not studying and practicing alternative medicine but so obsessed with modern medicine instead? Sigh! Just apologize. Once you’ve apologized, on behalf of the alternative medicine circle, I won’t hold it against a zealot like you anymore!” 
II 
These people were really coming at her one after the other without any pause in between. They practically weren’t giving her a chance to speak at all. 
Following Jon’s words, everyone looked at her in unison. Nora finally retorted slowly, lazily, and coldly, “Who says I didn’t study alternative medicine?” 
Her words immediately stunned everyone at the bottom of the stage. 
Jon frowned. Right at this moment, the auditorium doors were pushed open once more. 
Everyone turned to the doors in unison, upon which they saw a 60-year-old man stride in. He was in good spirits and looked very kind – he was Silvester’s son! 
Although Silvester’s son wasn’t a top-class physician in the world of alternative medicine, he was nonetheless very impressive when compared to others. Moreover, with Silvester’s status in the alternative medicine circle, his own status was also very high. 
At the sight of him, Jon and Elaine hurriedly went forward. “Mr. Zabe, why are you here?” 
Silvester’s son smiled and said, “I heard that you guys are holding a debate on modern and alternative medicine here today. My father was a little worried, so he told me to come over and take a look.” 
Jon nodded. Then, he pointed at Nora and sighed. “Mr. Zabe, you saw that, right? That’s the young lady who visited the Zabes the other time. She openly said that alternative medicine is inferior to modern medicine, and even now, she still doesn’t even have the courage to own up to her mistake. Sigh!” 
He had deliberately pointed out that Nora had visited the Zabes before, so that Silvester’s son could not openly defend her in front of the 
public! 
But unexpectedly, as soon as he said that, Silvester’s son said in surprise, “There’s no way she would ever say anything like that!” 
Jon frowned. He was about to question Silvester’s son as to whether the Zabes had been bribed when Silvester’s son turned to Nora…
###Chapter 519
Chapter 519 She Is The Last Disciple of Dr. Zabe! 
The next moment, Silvester’s son walked up to Nora and said, “Nora, Dad has a message for his disciple-he wants me to tell you not to stir up so much trouble outside.” 
The whole place suddenly fell silent. 
Everyone looked at Silvester’s son in disbelief. Even Jon was dumbfounded. In fact, he even wondered for a moment if he had misheard. 
However, the next moment, he frowned and asked, “His disciple? Mr. Zabe, how come I’m not aware that Dr. Zabe has taken another disciple?” 
After questioning Silvester’s son, Jon sneered and looked at Nora again. “No wonder you keep saying that you have evidence. So, this is why you visited the Zabes the other time? Hah, what impressive means! Do you think you can speak justly and righteously today just because you’ve become Dr. Zabe’s disciple? The Smiths sure have impressive means! They are absolutely top-notch at dealing with public relation crises!” 
He was implying that Nora was just putting on an act by becoming Dr. Zabe’s disciple! 
The students became even more furious when they heard this. 
Elaine, who had also recovered, sighed. “Are the wealthy all so brazen? All they do is cover up when they make a mistake, and will never admit their mistake! They really have no respect for the law! Also, for the university to protect her like this, might the Smiths have also given them some kind of benefit?” 
Her words were becoming more and more overboard.
The reporters at the side snapped away with their cameras. Some even started filming them, intending to publish articles attacking the Smiths. 
“They are too much! The Zabes are simply disappointing! Dr. Zabe is so highly respected, yet even he has been bribed!” 
“Gosh, as expected, no matter which industry it is, there are always inside stories!” 
“Has Dr. Zabe been threatened by the Smiths?” 
Amid everyone’s speculations, Nora let out an icy sneer. 
This was exactly what people were like in society. No matter what one did, they would always be questioned by others. Had she been an inconspicuous nobody doctor in the alternative medicine field, she really wouldn’t be able to get through this today! Her gaze swept across all the students present. 
There was a rather eclectic mix of people present that day. Apart from the school’s students, there were also some outsiders. The reason why she had been dragging this out and staying quiet was to observe who the ones guiding public opinion in the crowd were! 
After that… she would catch them all! 
Seeing that the situation had more or less sufficiently developed and that the few people guiding public opinion in the crowd were basically done speaking, at last, her lips suddenly curled into a smile. She said, “Who says I am a newbie to the profession?” 
Jon frowned. “Heh, Dr. Zabe only has those few disciples. It can be said that even I have studied under his tutelage before. If you are not a newbie, then what are you?” 
Famous doctors in the alternative medicine field like Silvester only took a few disciples.
Nora’s lips curled in a smile. “Are you sure you’ve met all of my teacher’s disciples?” 
Jon sneered, “Of course. Except for the very last disciple that Dr. Zabe took, I have met all of his other disciples!” 
However, when he said that, Nora looked at him with a half-amused look on her face. 
Jon frowned and carefully recalled the conversation they just had. Suddenly, he realized something and his eyes widened abruptly. A look of disbelief formed on his face. “Y-you… you… surely you can’t be…” 
Silvester’s son stepped forward with a smile and said, “That’s right, Nora is my father’s last disciple! She is also the one and only official disciple that Dad has ever taken! Dad often says that Nora’s medical skills have already reached what his were like when he was at his peak!” 
The peak of Dr. Zabe’s medical skills? Then didn’t that make her the top physician of alternative medicine in the world? 
It went without saying that Jon knew that Silvester was full of praise for his one and only official disciple. He had a strange personality and rarely agreed to meet with others, but once he did, and whenever someone brought up that disciple of his, he would always sing praises of her. 
Therefore, it was pretty much tacit agreement among everyone that his one and only official disciple, who had never made any public appearance, possessed the most top-notch alternative medicine skills among all the practitioners at the moment. 
But… how could that person be Nora?! 
Elaine was even more flabbergasted. “T-that’s impossible! If she were Dr. Zabe’s official disciple, why would she study modern medicine?!”
When Silvester’s son heard that, his expression darkened. “Alternative and modern medicine are but means to cure illnesses. Medical universities have already established both modern and alternative medicine majors. Can’t Nora study a bit of modern medicine if she wants to?” 
Elaine swallowed. 
Everyone at the bottom of the stage felt that what he said sounded extremely reasonable, yet also found it unreasonable… After all, who would become the top master surgeon of modern medicine just by studying “a bit” so casually? 
Silvester’s son even lowered his gaze and said, “It was because Dad didn’t have anything else he could teach to Nora back then, so he told her to try studying modern medicine. That was why she started studying it… Nora started studying alternative medicine first. The Carefree Pill from a while back was only developed after she improved the formula. Why would Nora ever call alternative medicine inferior to modern medicine?” 
All the students were stunned. They all looked at Nora. 
Everyone who studied alternative medicine knew that Dr. Zabe had an official disciple, but that person’s whereabouts were always a mystery, and no one knew who they were. No one would have ever thought that it would actually be Anti! 
Just how outstanding must someone be in order to stand at the pinnacle of two industries? 
There wasn’t any need to say anything else anymore this time. Everyone believed it now! The female student who had stepped forward to speak up for Anti couldn’t help but burst into tears with a loud wail. “I told you I was telling the truth, but none of you believed me. Sob…” 
Everyone was speechless.
It wasn’t so much that they didn’t believe her. It was mainly because Elaine and Blaine were so adamant about it… 
When the thought formed, everyone looked at Elaine and Blaine in unison! 
Elaine was already as pale as a sheet. It seemed like she hadn’t expected such a plot twist. She swallowed hard. 
As for Blaine… Wait, where was Blaine? 
The place where he had been standing just now was empty! 
In the instant that Silvester’s son had said that Nora was his father’s disciple, Blaine had already figured out what was going on. While Jon was confronting Silvester’s son, he had already taken the opportunity to slip away! 
He had already reached the door at this point. The students also finally remembered him. They pointed to the door and shouted, “He’s running away!” 
Hearing this, Blaine hurriedly opened the doors and quickly slipped out! 
But as soon as he stepped through the doors, he was detained! 
Brenda looked at him with a big smile on her face and took out his cell phone. Sure enough, she discovered that he was in the midst of a call and the other party was none other than Trueman! 
At the hotel. 
In the room, Trueman’s furious voice rang out. “Shit! I got played by her again!!”. 
Caleb sighed. “I already told you a long time ago not to go against her!”
Trueman was livid. “But how could she possibly be top-notch in both alternative and modern medicine? Not to mention that she is also Q… It is impossible for someone to have that much energy to achieve top status in three different industries… unless…” 
He suddenly realized something and his head whipped up. “Unless!” 
But before he could finish, the door of the hotel room was suddenly kicked open. Morris immediately rushed in and shouted, “Freeze, Trueman Yale!” 
###Chapter 520
Chapter 520 Slap In The Face! 
Nora had deliberately arrived a little later and prevented the debate in the school from ending right at the beginning. Firstly, this was because the students had become a little carried away during this period of time after being incited by others, and they had nowhere to vent all their passion and enthusiasm. It was indeed good for them to have a debate and vent their emotions. 
Moreover, it was true that science advanced and developed from the constant debate and overthrowing of theories in the first place. She believed that after a debate like that, medical students would gain a deeper understanding of alternative and modern medicine. 
Furthermore, she wanted to stall for time. 
After taking the stage, she had rebutted them a little, claimed that she had evidence but delayed producing it, and allowed the people at the bottom of the stage to spout nonsense in order to buy Morris time to arrest Trueman. After all, Trueman would definitely pay attention to the debate competition. Through elimination, Morris had already locked on to a few guests staying at the hotel and was currently investigating them one by one. 
It was also to let Brenda arrest the people who were pretending to be students, but were, in fact, here to stir up trouble. 
Brenda slowly walked into the auditorium with Blaine’s wrists held firmly in a tight grip. She wore a pair of high heels and sashayed as she walked. 
In the auditorium were also a few plainclothes officers holding down the few students who were guiding public opinion in the crowd just now. 
The place was in chaos. Shaw didn’t understand what was going on at all. When the students were arrested, he became even more anxious. He stepped forward and asked, “Who are you? What are you
doing?” 
Brenda gave Blaine a clean and swift kick and made him take another step forward. She fished out her credentials and waved it in front of Shaw and the students. Then, she said, “Dean Shaw and all the students here, today’s incident is related to a criminal case that has been ongoing a long time! A foreign organization tried to recruit Ms. Nora Smithin other words, Anti—but was rejected by her, so they became angry and deliberately set this up! Their purpose in doing so is to drive Anti away, so that America would lose a highly sophisticated medical talent! Blaine Jonas is their spy!” As soon as she said that, an uproar went through the students. 
No one had ever imagined things to develop this far! 
Everyone swallowed. 
Someone reacted: 
“No wonder people have been dragging Anti’s name through the mud on foreign websites! So that’s what was happening!” 
“Anti is the top master surgeon in the world. Most importantly, she is still very young. The future of such doctors is absolutely limitless! These people are too despicable! We almost fell for it and drove Anti away ourselves!” 
“Yeah, if you think really carefully about it, this is really terrifying! Think about it, if Anti weren’t Dr. Zabe’s official disciple, even if she had a thousand mouths, she would never have been able to explain herself. Even if the officer steps forward and tells us it’s some kind of foreign Internet conspiracy, we may not believe it! We would think that this was a trick the medical university had come up with to keep Anti! Gosh, what a devious move!”
“Yes, even if Anti were to stay in the school, she probably won’t be respected by the students anymore. If I imagine that… this is too scary!” 
III 
While everyone was realizing what was going on, someone said, “Blaine Jonas is a spy, that’s why he defamed Anti. But what about Jon Myers and Elaine Miller?” 
At once, everyone looked at Jon and Elaine in unison. 
Elaine was already swallowing hard when Brenda entered the auditorium and announced that this was an operation to arrest spies. She became even more terrified in this instant and immediately said, “I didn’t! I…” 
Before she could finish, Jon rushed up to Elaine and slapped her. He pointed at her furiously and shouted, “Fess up, did you collude with them? Is that why you came to me and misled me into standing up for alternative medicine with you?!” 
Elaine: “?” 
She knew that Jon was planning to abandon her. At once, she narrowed her eyes and retorted furiously, “I didn’t! All I did was badmouth her behind her back, but you were the one who really blew up the matter! Mr. Myers, don’t forget that you even said that you wanted to drag Dr. Zabe into this! All just to deal with Nora! Because she is an Anderson, and because she gave the Andersons the Carefree Pill! I’m sure everyone in the alternative medicine circle is aware of your grievances with the Andersons. Don’t think that you can whitewash yourself…” 
“I was misled by you!”
While Jon and Elaine were having a dogfight with each other, Brenda sneered and took a step forward. “Excuse me, are the two of you done quarreling?”. 
Elaine and Jon immediately shut up and looked at Brenda. Elaine swallowed. “Captain Brenda, y-you must believe me. I have also been part of the police force. I will never do anything to betray the country…” 
Jon also anxiously explained, “Ma’am, I really was wronged…” 
Brenda’s fiery crimson lips curled upward. She smiled and said, “I don’t have the eyes that can see through everything. I’m not going to be able to tell if the two of you are spies or not, 
SO…” 
She stepped back. Then, her voice suddenly became frigid and she ordered, “Take them into custody and interrogate them in accordance with the regulations!” 
“Yes, ma’am!” 
As the exchange took place, another two people emerged from the students and caught Jon and Elaine on the left and right respectively! 
Jon and Elaine panicked. 
“Ma’am, I’m really not a spy. Listen to me…” 
“Captain Brenda, I’m innocent. I just found Nora an eyesore, that’s all. I did not betray the country…” Unfortunately, Brenda couldn’t be bothered to listen to them. She curled her lips disdainfully and ordered, “Bring them back!” With a wave, her men immediately took out all the people they had just arrested, leaving behind only the New York University of Medicine students.
Nora glanced at them and followed Brenda out. 
However, before she could step out, Shaw stopped her. “Anti, if you already had something planned, why didn’t you tell me in advance? I wouldn’t have had to make up that story for you. Who knows what the students are saying about me behind my back now?!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and said coolly with a smile, “It’s not like you’ll lose weight if someone ostracizes you a little.” Shaw: “…” 
He heaved a huge sigh. “I don’t care, I have suffered a lot of physical and emotional damage because of this. I did it all for you, so you have to compensate me!” 
Nora: “?” 
Shaw then said, “Look at how passionate about learning our school is! Why don’t you stop being an external hire and just take up an official position in the school? What do you think of the position of deputy dean of the School of Neurosurgery?” 
“No, Nora is Dad’s student. She should be working in the School of Alternative Medicine instead!” 
Silvester’s son was the dean of the School of Alternative Medicine in the university. Upon hearing what Shaw said, he hurriedly rushed over. 
Shaw panicked. “But I was the one who got Anti to become a professor here!” 
“Heh, that’s because I didn’t say anything. If I were to make a request, do you think Nora would dare to refuse?” 
While the two were arguing, Nora slipped away quietly. After going out, she took a deep breath and went straight to the special department. She was going to visit Trueman!
###Chapter 521
Chapter 521 The Truth About the Pregnancy Back Then! 
Nora had just left school when her phone rang. 
She got into her jeep and picked up the call. Mr. Zabe’s voice immediately sounded on the other end of the line. “Nora, where are you?’ 
Nora: “…Silvester, I still have something on. I’ll take my leave.” 
Mr. Zabe said, “You can’t leave. Let me tell you, I’m already old. I’m in my sixties and about to retire! The position of New York College of Traditional Medicine’s director must be yours!” 
As soon as he said this, she heard Dean Shaw’s voice. “Anti, as the world’s number one surgeon, you are destined to hold a scalpel. Don’t be fooled by Mr. Zabe!” 
“What fooled? This is my father’s order! As my father’s disciple, she should take over!” 
“Heh, you know she’s a disciple. But is Anti your disciple?!” “…Don’t be unreasonable here. Let me tell you, it’s a waste of Nora’s talents to hold a scalpel!” 
“Why is it a waste of talent? She can solve many unsolved human mysteries! She can provide great help to the advancement of medicine! It would be a waste of her talents if you make her study alternative medicine!” 
“Tsk! Dean Shaw, you’re shameless!” 
“Mr. Zabe, you’re the shameless one, aren’t you? You’re clearly threatening her by using your father to suppress Anti!” 
As the two of them argued, Nora said, “Why don’t…”
The voices on the other end stopped instantly. Then, Dr. Zabe and Dean Shaw spoke simultaneously. “Nora, who do you choose?” 
“Anti, you can’t betray me! I lied just now because of you!” 
“Heh, did Nora need you to lie? What an unnecessary move!” “…You!” 
Seeing that the two of them were arguing again, Nora raised her eyebrows and suddenly said, “Sigh, Silvester, Dean Shaw, what are you guys talking about? I entered the tunnel and there’s no signal. We’ll talk later… Ah? My phone ran out of battery too? It’s switched off?” 
With that, she turned off the phone, afraid that the two of them would call again. 
It was… a headache. 
Nora touched her forehead and kept driving. 
It was finally quiet. 20 minutes later, she arrived at the special department. When she entered, she saw that the staff members were all very busy. 
Voices could be heard from every interrogation room. Some people were still locked up in cells. As there were not enough interrogation rooms, they had not been interrogated yet. 
There were probably too many people who had just been arrested. 
Nora thought about this and walked straight into the interrogation room. It was as if he had heard that she was here, Morris welcomed her. 
The man was still wearing his jacket and leather boots. His long legs were thin, making him look very capable and masculine.
Nora admired it silently for a while before retracting her gaze and asking, “Which interrogation room is Trueman in?” 
Although there were not enough interrogation rooms, an important core member of a mysterious organization like Trueman would definitely be in the interrogation room. 
The two of them had been texting for so long and had even exchanged messages. Nora was really curious about Trueman. She did not know what this person was like. 
Unexpectedly, when she said this, Morris’s expression froze. He lowered his eyes and said, “I didn’t catch Trueman.” 
Nora: “” 
A question mark slowly appeared in her mind. When she was at the university, she had clearly heard Captain Ford rushing into the hotel through her Bluetooth earpiece. 
They had found the other party’s hotel. How could they not have caught Trueman? 
As she was hesitating, Morris sighed. “Trueman escaped and was not in the hotel. We only caught a group of bodyguards. When we entered the hotel, we realized that Trueman had been on a video call with them.” 
Nora: “!!” 
She frowned. “When did he escape?” 
Morris shook his head. “I’m not sure. I was there personally to keep an eye on him, but I didn’t sense him leaving at all. Besides, the bodyguards were all around, and he was the only one… It was as if he
could predict that we would arrest him, so he ran away in advance!” 
Nora was not very surprised by this conclusion. 
Trueman seemed to have a high status in that mysterious organization. He had always been called Little Master. It was not unusual for such a person to be cautious. 
Furthermore, it had been a few days since he checked into the hotel. If it were her, she would definitely have changed places. 
She sighed. “What a pity.” 
“It’s not a pity.” Morris suddenly said, “Because we’ve captured many key figures this time, especially those bodyguards. They’ve all come into contact with the core information of the mysterious organization. The clues they can provide are definitely more than ever before!” 
Nora nodded. 
At this moment, she realized that Morris was looking at her. He seemed to want to say something but stopped himself. 
SO 
Nora frowned and asked, “What are you trying to say?” 
Morris was silent for a moment before saying, “We caught someone you know.” 
Nora: “?” 
She asked in surprise, “Who?”
“… Caleb.” 
When Morris said this name, Nora was a little surprised! 
Caleb’s status in that organization should not be low. How could he be captured so easily?! 
She frowned and asked, “How did they catch him? Are they sure he’s related to the mysterious organization?” 
Morris said, “When we rushed into the hotel room, Caleb was talking to Trueman. Trueman seemed to trust him very much. I’m sure he has a deep relationship with the mysterious organization!” Nora frowned. 
Morris continued, “Because we still don’t know Caleb’s identity in the mysterious organization, we don’t dare to torture him. But he hasn’t said a word since he was arrested.” Nora was about to say something when her phone suddenly rang. She picked up her phone and realized that it was Trueman who had sent her a message. “Little servant, I lost this game, but Caleb’s health is not good. If possible, please give him a cup of hot water and the medicine found on him. He needs to take his medicine on time. Thank you.” Nora: “…” 
It was as if they were in cahoots! 
She frowned and replied in front of Morris: “Why should I help you?” 
Trueman: “Didn’t you want to ask me some questions? I can answer them for you.” 
When she saw this, Nora’s eyes narrowed. 
She clenched her jaw and finally asked the biggest question in her heart: “Tell me first, how did I get pregnant back then?!”
She knew that at this point, Trueman was begging her to cooperate. He would not dare to lie to her! Therefore, she would definitely get an answer now! 
###Chapter 522
Chapter 522 The Final Truth Must Be Cruel! 
After Nora sent the message, Trueman replied: “Give him the medicine first.” 
Nora: “…” 
This person knew how to bargain. 
She looked at Morris. 
After all, they were in the special department. If Morris did not agree, this deal could not be completed. 
Morris was silent for a moment. There was a look of deep thought on the man’s determined face. Then he nodded, his cold facial features filled with determination. “Ok.” 
The two of them arrived at the storage area and saw the medicine Caleb had taken out when he was detained. 
Nora looked at the medicine bottle. It was a medicine to treat coughs and also had some function to clear the lungs. In order to prevent Caleb from hurting himself, she even specially opened the medicine and took a look. The medicine inside was a mid-tier drug. She crushed a pill, smelled it, and tasted it. Finally, she nodded at Morris to confirm that the medicine was fine. 
Morris turned around and brought Nora to the interrogation room. 
The two of them came to the innermost interrogation room, completely made of metal. No matter how strong the person inside was, they could not escape. 
Morris pushed open the dark iron door, making a creaking sound.
Nora saw Caleb sitting there immediately. 
I saw 
He placed his hands in front of him obediently and lowered his head. When he heard the sound, he did not turn around. It was as if nothing around him had anything to do with him. 
He was coughing and holding a piece of tissue in his hand. There were traces of blood on the tissue. 
“Cough, cough, cough!… Cough, cough, cough!” 
The entire interrogation room was filled with his coughing sounds, making one feel uncomfortable. 
Nora frowned. 
She picked up a paper cup and took a cup of water from the water dispenser beside her. Then, she walked to Caleb and placed the medicine in front of him before handing him the water. 
Caleb took the water and medicine. His hands were trembling slightly as he lowered his head and said, “Thank you.” 
This was the first thing Caleb had said after he was arrested. 
Nora replied, “You’re welcome.” 
Caleb’s fingers paused slightly. Then, he looked up in surprise. When he saw Nora, he seemed to freeze. 
Hesitation appeared in his eyes. Then, he returned to normal and took the medicine. 
After taking the medicine, he drank the entire cup of water. 
Seeing that Caleb still seemed to be coughing, Nora took the cup and walked to the water dispenser at the side. She helped him get another cup of water and handed it over again. Caleb stared at the cup and
his gaze landed on Nora’s slender and fair fingers. 
He was silent for a moment before taking the cup and drinking again. However, he did not look at her again as if he was unfamiliar with her. 
Nora looked at his expression and was slightly stunned. 
The next moment, she realized. If the two of them acted too familiar, perhaps it would arouse the suspicions of the special department? That was why he was deliberately cold to her. 
Nora hesitated for a moment before sitting opposite him. 
Morris had already closed the door, cutting off the probing outside. 
He sat down with Nora and took out a notebook and pen. It seemed like he needed to prepare some statements. “Mr. Gray, may I know what your relationship with Trueman is?” 
Caleb coughed, but it was clearly much lighter than before. It should be because of the two glasses of water and the medicine. 
He looked up at the two of them. “You don’t have to rack your brains to interrogate me. I won’t say anything. I have nothing to do with Trueman.” 
The moment he said this, Morris said coldly, “If that’s the case, why would he text Nora to give you medicine? A person like him doesn’t care about the lives of others, but he gives you special treatment!” 
Trueman was a very cold-blooded person. 
So far, he had killed four people. 
One of them was Abigail, and the other was Victor. After the two of them were defeated by Nora, one died on the spot, and the other was arrested. In the end, they died in their cells.
Then, he gave Hillary the drug, and she died from pain. 
He even killed Yvonne. 
Now, the other bodyguards were being tortured in all sorts of ways, but he did not care at all. He only cared for a sickly Caleb. 
As soon as Morris finished speaking, Caleb suddenly raised his head. He stared at Morris and Nora in disbelief. Then, he said with a trembling voice, “Don’t make any deals with him!” 
This sentence was filled with vigilance. 
Nora frowned. 
Morris hesitated for a moment and glanced at Nora. 
Obviously, it was good progress now that Caleb was speaking after Nora entered! 
Morris interrogated him. “Why? He only asked Miss Smith to give you medicine, and then he would answer some of her questions. This doesn’t seem to do Miss Smith any harm!” 
Caleb’s expression became nervous. He said to Nora again, “Listen to me. Don’t make any deals with him!” 
Nora: “…” 
She frowned. “You should be more concerned about yourself!” 
Caleb took a deep breath. He still lowered his head. Even in the dark interrogation room, he looked gentlemanly and refined.
His voice was rich and powerful. “Miss Smith, Captain Ford, you don’t have to waste your effort on me. I still say the same thing. I won’t say anything. You can torture me… Cough, cough, cough…” 
A flurry of coughs interrupted him. 
He coughed violently, looking as if he was going to cough his lungs out. It was unbearable to watch. 
After this bout of coughing passed, he said, “My broken body is already riddled with holes. I won’t be afraid of any pain, so your torture is useless against me. Of course, you can try… Cough, cough, cough…” Nora and Morris looked at each other. 
Without even trying, they knew that this violent cough would tear someone’s throat apart. His organs would definitely be very uncomfortable. At this time, any other stimulation would be good for him. He could divert his attention. 
Besides… 
Looking at Caleb’s body, he would probably not be able to survive if he was tortured too much. 
This was also one of the reasons why Morris had not used torture. 
Nora stood up and walked to Caleb. She reached out and pressed his wrist. 
Caleb wanted to pull his wrist out, but Nora used a little strength and he could not break free. He could only frown and say, “Miss Smith, it’s useless even if you try. If it was possible, I would have let you treat me a long time ago. Cough, cough, cough…” 
Nora frowned and ordered, “…Shut up.” 
Alternative medicine practitioners hated it when patients moved or talked. They had to be calm. Her fierce words made Caleb choke. He could not even cough.
Time passed by slowly. Nora frowned tightly. 
She looked at Caleb in disbelief. She seemed a little indignant as she closed her eyes again and continued to take his pulse. 
A minute later, Nora opened her eyes in surprise. 
Caleb retracted his hand silently and covered his mouth with the tissue beside him again. Because he was holding back his cough, his mouth tasted like blood. 
He let out a shaky breath and some blood sprayed on the tissue. 
It looked like he was going to vomit blood and die the next second… 
Morris asked, “How is it?” 
After learning that Nora was Dr. Zabe’s disciple, Morris trusted her medical skills even more. 
Nora hesitated for a moment. Just as she was thinking what to say, Caleb said slowly, “End-stage lung cancer. I know.” Nora: “…” 
She looked at Caleb in shock. 
Caleb smiled. “I knew about this illness before I returned to the country, so I haven’t asked you to take a look at it. It’s useless because there aren’t any good anti-cancer drugs.” 
Nora’s mouth tightened. 
Caleb coughed again and wiped the corner of his mouth. “You don’t have to look at me like that. I know I won’t live past thirty.” 
He was 29 years and 10 months old now. He only had two months to live.
Furthermore, lung cancer was a very torturous disease. 
Actually, dying early was a form of relief. 
Of course, he did not say that. 
Nora nodded at Morris. 
Morris’s expression instantly darkened. Facing such a patient, the Special Case Department had no other means. 
He looked at the guard at the door and said, “From now on, set a fixed time every day. Remember to give him medicine.” 
“Yes.” 
After giving his instructions, he then looked at Nora and gave her a look. Nora nodded. 
She stood up. “Mr. Gray, you… have a good rest.” 
With that, she walked out with Morris. 
However, just as she reached the door, she suddenly heard Caleb’s voice. “Miss Smith, I have something to say to you.” 
Nora looked at him. “Please speak.” 
Caleb was silent for a long time before finally saying, “There may be some stones better left unturned because the truth will definitely be cruel.” 
The truth was cruel…
Was he implying something? 
Nora clenched her fists. “What do you mean?” 
Caleb lowered his head, looking like he would not speak again. Nora left the interrogation room full of thoughts. 
She arrived at the lobby of the special department with Morris. Then, Nora took out her phone and sent a message to Trueman. “He has taken the medicine. Do you need me to send you a video to prove it?” 
Trueman replied quickly: “No need.” 
Nora: “Then where’s my answer?” 
Trueman’s reply this time was a little slow. He was probably editing the content. It took him five minutes to send a message. When she saw his answer, Nora’s eyes widened in shock…
###Chapter 523
Chapter 533 Jill’s True Colors! 
Nora stared at the screen for a while before she suddenly realized something. Well, that made sense. Out of the few known hackers in the world, who else besides Y could compete with her for a few rounds? Justin hadn’t showed up the whole day even after learning what happened to Karl. As it turned out, he had the same suspicions as her, so he was also hacking into the system in the middle of the night? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Just because Justin hacked into the system first, she had thought that he was someone from the other side. 
The corners of her lips spasmed again. Her phone rang at this point and then Justin’s low and deep voice came from the other side. “Are you planning to make me take the rap again?” 
Nora thought back to when the two of them had first met. Every time she did something with one of her identities, upon being discovered, everyone would think that it was Justin who had helped her. She didn’t want to reveal her identity at that time, so she hadn’t refuted it. 
However, the two of them weren’t familiar with each other yet at that time. She had even felt a little embarrassed having him take the blame. 
As for now… Had she already become so used to it? 
Nora coughed and changed the subject. “What did you find?” 
Justin, who had sensed her intentions, let out a low chuckle. His laugh reached her ear through the phone, making her feel as if she was about to have an eargasm. 
Justin slowly said, “I discovered that there isn’t any information about Karl in the system!” 
A surprised Nora subconsciously replied, “Something’s off.” 
As she spoke, Justin stopped obstructing her and Nora entered the system too. 
When Karl went to Switzerland more than twenty years ago, he had actually sneaked into the country illegally. Therefore, there definitely wouldn’t be any record of him purchasing air tickets or leaving the country. 
However, before he entered the country illegally, Karl had been a gangster in New York. At that time, when he was dating Tanya’s mother, he had committed a crime and ended up being arrested. That was why he had broken off contact with Tanya’s mother. 
So, how could he not have any criminal record in the police station? 
The fact that there wasn’t anything was, in fact, the biggest problem of all! 
Justin said, “I’ve already checked for more than three hours. He indeed doesn’t have any criminal record.” Nora took a deep breath. “I see.” She exited the system. 
There were only two possible reasons for Karl’s lack of criminal record in the system. The first was that Karl himself had engaged a hacker to infiltrate the system and delete his records after he made a name for himself. 
After all, he was part of the Assassin Alliance abroad. The less others knew about him, the better it was. 
Of course, there was also the second possibility 
– his records had been transferred away, so they weren’t on the Internet. 
But why had they been transferred away?
This was what Nora had to investigate next. 
She said to the phone, “I’m hanging up.” 
She planned to go to the special department to interrogate Karl again the next day. 
But unexpectedly, when she said that, Justin quickly replied, “You’re so heartless.” 
There was a bit of resentment in his voice. “… What?” 
Justin sighed. “You throw me away once you’re done using me. Are you already denying doing anything with me when you haven’t even pulled your pants back up?” Nora: “” 
She hadn’t done anything with him at all! 
Nora hung up straight away. Her cheeks were a little red. What kind of nonsense was that man spouting? What pants didn’t she pull back up?! 
Elsewhere at the Hunts’. 
Justin, who had been busy for more than four hours, came up empty-handed. However, the computer made the corners of his lips curl upward into a smile in the end. 
He shook his head and went to bed. 
After he lay down, he fell asleep very soon. 
He couldn’t tell if it was because he had talked about pulling up one’s pants with Nora, but he had an unexpected dream that night. 
In the dream, it seemed like someone had drugged him and knocked him out, it was six years ago.
While he was half-awake, he’d had his way with a woman… The woman was very fat and very soft… In his daze, he seemed to have seen a pair of almond-shaped eyes. 
“Huff!” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly flew open and he stared at the ceiling. 
To be honest, he couldn’t remember a thing about how he had been drugged and knocked out, or how his sperm had been retrieved six years ago. Throughout all these years, that was the sole night he had no memory of. 
But the dream from the previous night was too real. 
It felt so real it was as if he had actually experienced it… Looking back at it now, it seemed like the memory of that night back then was gradually coming back to him. 
The next day. 
After she woke up, Nora originally planned to head to the special department to ask Karl what exactly was going on with his criminal record. However, the moment she went downstairs, she instead saw people coming and going in the living room, which was filled with people. 
Tanya was sitting on the sofa and looking at these people with a numb look on her face. 
As for Maureen, she was busy greeting the wealthy ladies visiting them. 
Most of them were here to ask if the wedding would still be held. When they heard that it would be, they started to give her wedding gifts in the pretense of friendship.
Maureen found someone to make a note of the gifts and their senders, so that Tanya could return the favor later. 
Seeing how troublesome the situation was, Nora frowned. 
She suddenly didn’t feel like having a wedding anymore. How boring must it be to just sit and wait on the sofa? If she had that much spare time, she might as well just go to bed instead! 
But it seemed like she was thinking too much. She didn’t have many friends in the States anyway. It was different for Tanya, who grew up in New York, after all… With that in mind, Nora went down the stairs and up to Tanya. She said teasingly, “To think you said that you didn’t have any friends. Does this look like you don’t have any friends?” “… Do you even remember your kindergarten classmates?” 
Nora: “?” 
Tanya smiled wryly and said, “I really don’t have any impression of them. These people even said that they danced with me when we were children! How would I possibly remember anyone from when I was five or six?!” 
Nora instantly understood. 
These people were here to ingratiate themselves with the Smiths in the name of being good friends with Tanya! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
At this point, the butler hurriedly walked in and said, “Ms. Nora, Mdm. Tanya, this is terrible! Mrs. Jones is here again! She’s crying at the door because we refuse to let her in…” 
Nora and Tanya looked at each other.
The butler sighed. “We do want to drive her away, but with so many people coming and going today, it won’t reflect well on us if people were to notice. How should I handle this?” 
Nora sneered. 
She was originally planning to find an opportunity to spill the beans about Jill and Mr. Jones’ conversation in the car. With Jill rushing over to court death now, this was undoubtedly a great opportunity! 
She sent Lily a message straightaway: ‘Have you brought the DNA report back?’ Lily responded very quickly: “I’m on the way.” 
When Nora saw her reply, she stood and raised her almond-shaped eyes, making her seem like someone who took swift and resolute action. She walked out of the house slowly and said, “Then let’s go and meet her.” 
Tanya originally didn’t want to, but Nora was already walking out of the house, so she could only follow behind. 
As soon as the two went out, they saw Jill sitting on a big rock outside the gate to the Smiths’ manor. She was wiping her tears with a handkerchief. 
Next to her, someone was passing by and asked, “Mrs. Jones, are you crying because you can’t bear to part with your daughter, who will be married soon?” 
Jill heaved a huge sigh. “Of course. I gave birth to her after all. No matter how badly I treat her, she was once part of my body…” 
When Hillary and Tanya were embroiled in a lawsuit, Jill and Tanya had fallen out very badly. To be honest, everyone knew that the relationship between the mother and daughter was not good.
So, what was Jill here to show off about? 
A lot of people had come to the Smiths’ to deliver gifts today. More than a dozen ladies had slowly gathered around Jill by now. Including their chauffeurs, assistants, and servants who had come with them, there were nearly thirty people surrounding Jill at the moment. 
Jill stood there and wept. “My life is so hard. What could I do after those things happened and I became pregnant with that murderer’s child back then? Being young and kind, I could only give birth to the child… It’s true that I didn’t treat her well, but she is the child of a murderer and even a rapist! I can’t help but think of her father whenever I see her. How could have I treated her well? Sob…” 
As soon as she started weeping, the unsuspecting people around her immediately realized something. 
“As it turns out, there is actually more to it than it seems!” 
“It’s no wonder Jill treats Tanya so badly, then. If you look at how she treats Hillary, she’s actually not a wicked mother. To be honest, if I were her, I might not have been able to even keep the child.” 
“Me too… Come to think of it, I even scolded Jill for treating her daughter badly back then. But if that’s the case, then her actions are indeed forgivable!” 
“She has already done pretty well by giving birth to Tanya and giving her life! After that, she even raised her and didn’t kill her… Come to think of it, Tanya should really thank her.” 
“I wasn’t understanding towards her previously. They are both her daughters, so how could she treat them so differently? Whenever I visited the Joneses when I was young, she had never really treated Tanya well. But now, I suddenly understand why she did that.” 
Everyone passed comments one after another.
Jill wept even more miserably. “Yes, I was really hesitant back then. I didn’t want to give birth to her, but in the end, I still couldn’t bear to abandon a tiny little life, so I gave birth to her!” 
She looked at Tanya, who had come out. She cried and shouted, “Tanya, I know I was wrong. All of this is my fault. I misplaced my resentment towards your father on you. Can you forgive me?” 
As soon as she said that, everyone looked at Tanya. 
“Ms. Turner, why don’t you forgive her?” 
“Yeah. In a situation like this, if you still don’t forgive her, then you’ll be the one at fault!” 
“She didn’t mean it…” 
Lily’s car arrived at the gate at this point.
###Chapter 524
Chapter 524 A Slap in the Face! 
Ian frowned. “What?” 
With that, Mrs. Hunt walked in and smiled. “Ian, I’m here today for the marriage between Justin and Miss Smith.” 
Ian pursed her lips. “Mrs. Hunt, why would they get married?” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled and lowered her eyes. She sat on the opposite side of the sofa and did not have the attitude of asking for Nora’s hand in marriage. Instead, she looked high and mighty. “Miss Smith has caused so much trouble and gone to the School of Medicine to participate in some debate today. I heard that Dr. Zabe sent his most capable disciple to the school. I’m afraid Miss Smith won’t get any benefits this time!” 
Hearing this, Ian and Joel looked at each other, their eyes filled with worry. 
Initially, the Smiths had planned to help with this matter. Ian and Joel had many plans to handle this matter. 
However, when Nora found out about it, she only told the two of them not to worry. She had a way to stop them from interfering and ruining her plan. That was why the two of them did not make a move. 
On one hand, they believed that Nora had the ability to handle it. 
On the other, they were still worried. 
Hearing Mrs. Hunt’s words, Joel said, “Are you sure Dr. Zabe’s last disciple has gone there? Is he… the one who treated someone’s pulse through a curtain?”
When Nora was young, she had come to New York with Henry. She had once gone to look for Dr. Zabe. Coincidentally, someone questioned the ability of Dr. Zabe’s last disciple. Therefore, Dr. Zabe let Nora take someone’s pulse through a curtain. His medical skills instantly got their fame back. 
Therefore, all these years, although Nora had never traveled around New York, the fact that Dr. Zabe’s last disciple had good medical skills was recognized by the alternative medicine world! 
When they heard that Dr. Zabe’s disciple was going, Joel and Ian became worried. 
Mrs. Hunt smiled. “Yes, that’s the one! So, I’m afraid Miss Smith is in trouble this time. I wonder if the Smiths have prepared some follow-up public relations plans? We can’t let Miss Smith become a pest in the medical world, right? Also, I heard that many people at the school are proposing to remove her from her position as an external professor! If that happens… Will she really have to hide overseas?” 
Mrs. Hunt’s words seemed to be filled with concern for Nora, but every word seemed certain that Nora would not be able to get through this. 
Ian frowned. “You don’t have to worry about this! After all, this is our family’s business!” 
Mrs. Hunt smiled. “Ian, I have a suggestion this time. I have a way to let her avoid this matter!” 
Joel and Ian looked at each other again. They both felt that there was no way this old witch could be so kind? 
Joel narrowed his eyes and asked unhappily, “What way?” 
Mrs. Hunt did not sense his unhappiness at all. She smiled. “If Miss Smith marries Justin, with the power of our families, we will definitely not let her suffer in New York!” 
Joel and Ian frowned.
Mrs. Hunt continued, “In the past, the two families had an engagement. Now that the two children like each other, our family is not one forget righteousness when it comes to benefits. If we see that Miss Smith is in trouble, we can’t do something like trying to clear our ties. Therefore, once Miss Smith becomes Madam Hunt, even if she does something ridiculous, who in New York would dare to rush in front of her and say nonsense?” 
She said, “This is a mutually beneficial thing. Ian, you won’t reject me this time, right?” 
With that, she smiled at Ian. The wrinkles on her face were almost sticking together! Ian sneered. “Who said Nora would definitely lose? Don’t you have any confidence in her?” 
Mrs. Hunt immediately said, “It’s not that I’m not confident in her. I’m just too confident about the last disciple of Dr. Zabe! We don’t care about alternative or modern medicine. As long as she can treat illnesses, she will be a good doctor. But do you know that the last disciple of Dr. Zabe developed Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?” 
At the mention of this, Ian and Joel’s expressions turned a little ugly. 
Yvonne had spent a lot of money to buy a pill, but she did not give it to Ian, who needed it more. Instead, she had given it to Mrs. Hunt to curry her favor. 
At that time, Joel was angry. 
Later, when something happened to Ian at the Hunts, he had used that pill… It was as if the gift from the Smiths was being taken back! 
Speaking of which, the Smiths did owe Mrs. Hunt for this matter.
Joel lowered his eyes. Just as he was about to say that he would pay a high price again to buy Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill, he heard Mrs. Hunt continue, “That pill is a priceless treasure. As for that pill, it’s a little overboard to say that it can bring the dead back to life. However, at the critical moment, it’s still useful to save lives! Not to mention that Ian used this pill to extend his life back then, later on, when I returned to my mother’s house, my sister-in-law suddenly had a cerebral hemorrhage. At that time, the family doctor said that there was no hope. However, I took out that pill and fed it to her. Even when she was sent to the hospital, she was still breathing and had recovered!” 
Mrs. Hunt was full of praise as she said, “So, I don’t have to say much about the effects of Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill, right? And how skilled must be the person who can make it? He must have already mastered alternative medicine! In that case, he can be considered my sister-in-law’s savior! How much of a chance does Nora have of winning against him?” 
When Ian and Joel heard this, they felt even more uncertain. 
Actually, if Nora won this debate, people would at most say that she was young and frivolous. She had the true ability, so it was nothing. 
The worst outcome was that they would be mocked if they lost! If Dr. Zabe’s disciple really arrived, would Nora really lose? As the two of them were thinking, the butler at the door spoke again. “Sir, someone from the Andersons is here.” 
The Andersons? 
Ian hurriedly said, “Please come in!” 
With that, Simon and Melissa walked in quickly. The moment they entered, Simon looked around and asked anxiously, “Where’s Nora?”
Before Ian could speak, Mrs. Hunt said, “You guys heard about Miss Smith too, so you’re anxious, right? She hasn’t returned yet! She might have lost the competition and lost face…” 
Simon was surprised to hear this. “Lost the competition? How could she have lost? Sheril called just now to tell us about the competition. She didn’t lose!” 
Mrs. Hunt said confidently, “How is that possible? I received news that Dr. Zabe’s last disciple has gone there to participate in the debate. How could Miss Smith win?” 
Simon looked at her and said with a strange expression, “Do you not know who Dr. Zabe’s last disciple is?” 
He was shocked to hear the news and had come to seek confirmation! 
Mrs. Hunt sneered. “It doesn’t matter who it is. Even if it’s the Hunts or the Andersons, we can’t give in to her in this matter… After all, this is a conflict between alternative and modern medicine! Unless… Miss Smith is that last disciple, this matter won’t end well!”
###Chapter 525
Chapter 525 The Entrance Is Going to Be Destroyed! 
Mrs. Hunt had just finished speaking when Simon smiled and asked, “How did you know?” 
Mrs. Hunt:  What did she know? 
She looked at Simon in surprise and recalled what she had just said. Then, she was stunned. It couldn’t be what she had said… 
Ian and Joel were also stunned as they frowned at Simon. 
At this moment, the sound of a car stopping could be heard from the door. Then, Nora and Justin walked into the living room. The two of them had just entered when they were stunned to see the people in the room. 
Nora’s gaze swept past Mrs. Hunt and the Andersons. She called out in surprise, “Simon, Melissa why are you guys here?” 
Simon immediately welcomed her with a smile. “We came to see you. What other surprises do you have that we don’t know about?! You’re Dr. Zabe’s last disciple?!” 
As soon as he said this, Ian almost stood up from the wheelchair, but his legs softened and he sat back down. 
Joel was slightly surprised. 
The person who was the most shocked was Mrs. Hunt. She stood up suddenly and held the butler’s hand. Then, she looked at Nora and Simon in shock. “What… what did you say? She… she’s Dr. Zabe’s last disciple?”
“That’s right!” 
Simon smiled. “When Sheril called to tell us, I couldn’t believe it!” 
At this point, his eyes turned red. “Yvette’s medical skills really have a successor! Nora, you must continue to learn from Dr. Zabe and try to surpass him!” 
Melissa immediately pushed him and smiled. “What are you talking about? The child will definitely be more outstanding!” 
Simon instantly nodded. He took out a tissue and wiped his tears. Then, he looked at Nora. “You’ve really brought glory to Andersons! As expected of Yvette’s daughter!” 
Melissa also said, “Yes, you’re outstanding in not only alternative but also modern medicine… You really surprise us! What else are you good at?” 
Nora: “Actually, it’s nothing.” 
As soon as she said this, Cherry’s voice was heard. “Mommy, don’t you know how to hack as well?” 
Simon smiled. “Oh, do you know programming?” Nora: “…A little.” 
“Tsk!” 
A laugh sounded. Nora turned around and saw Justin suppressing his laughter and saying, “Yes, just a teensy bit.” Nora glared at him and motioned for him not to say anything. Simon smiled. “It’s okay. If you like it, you can treat it as a hobby! You don’t have to be too good at it. The two things that cross borders in medicine are already the best!” 
“Yes, there are specialists in every field!” Melissa agreed. The two of them looked at Nora with eyes almost glowing
While the few of them were chatting, Ian looked at Mrs. Hunt again. When he saw her shocked expression, he said, “Mrs. Hunt, why are you so agitated over such a small matter? Nora is only average at alternative medicine. She just happened to create Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill and happened to save your sister-in-law’s life. She’s just your family’s benefactor. Don’t be so agitated. Calm down!” 
Mrs. Hunt felt like she had been slapped in the face and was speechless. 
Joel’s lips twitched. 
Uncle Ian, who was the one who stood up in shock and fell back down! He spoke as if he was very calm… 
However, he could not poke Ian’s sore spot. He smiled and said, “Uncle Ian and Aunt Anderson were both outstanding figures back then. How could the child you two gave birth to be any less capable? Nora’s intelligence and genes are definitely stronger than yours! Now, no one will dare to slander Nora anymore, right? I want to see who in New York dares to look down on her?” 
Mrs. Hunt’s face turned even redder. 
Simon raised his chin and said proudly, “Back then, Yvette’s suitor shook the entire New York. Almost all the young talents liked her! Now that Nora is so outstanding, who would dare to look down on her? Nora is the second Yvette!” 
Mrs. Hunt knew what they were hinting at. 
Back then, people who wanted to marry Yvette could line up for days! They were indirectly praising Nora!
When Mrs. Hunt thought of what she had just said, she was instantly furious. She jabbed the walking stick in her hand on the ground and said angrily, “Miss Smith can’t compare to Yvette back then, right? After all, Yvette didn’t have two children! No matter how good Miss Smith is, some people will still be calculative about this! I think it’s better if she’s with the children’s biological father.” 
Ian frowned. 
Justin’s face darkened. “Grandmother!” 
Mrs. Hunt instantly smiled. “Alright, don’t be angry. I’m done talking. I just heard that the Smiths were looking for a son-in-law a few days ago! But I haven’t seen many people coming. The only one who came seems to be that Blaine? Look, wealthy families still care about this…” 
The Smiths fell silent. 
Mrs. Hunt’s words were very true. There were indeed no outstanding people coming to seek Nora’s hand in marriage. After all, many wealthy families would shrink back at the sight of a woman with a burden. 
Unexpectedly, the butler rushed in hurriedly after that. He looked a little anxious. “Sir, something bad has happened! A group of people has gathered outside! They said they want to marry Miss Nora!”
###Chapter 526
Chapter 526 The Person Who Plotted The Artificial Insemination! 
Amid the silence in the room, Ian suppressed all his emotions and tried his best to make himself seem calm. He said, “Let… them in.” 
The butler nodded. 
When he went out to let the people in, the atmosphere in the living room suddenly became rather strange. Everyone looked at Mrs. Hunt. 
Mrs. Hunt also broke into a frown. She had repeatedly been forced to eat her words today, which made her very embarrassed, but she mustn’t admit defeat. 
She looked outside and said, “Well, that actually does make sense. News of the Smiths recruiting a son- in-law has already spread for a few days, so there will definitely be people dreaming of rising up the social hierarchy calling on you. People like them are just here for the Smiths’ money, though! They are… men that sponge off their wives!” 
After saying that, she seemingly managed to convince herself. “Yes, that must be the case…” 
Ian and Joel: “…” 
Simon and Melissa’s frowns deepened further. 
A smiling Melissa stepped forward. The woman wearing a classy dress looked very elegant. Although she was nearly fifty, her complexion was fair and delicate, and she didn’t look old at all. She said softly, “Mrs. Hunt, how are you so sure that they are all men intending to sponge off their wives when no one has even come in yet? Given how outstanding Nora is, there will undoubtedly be a lot of people coveting her. Not all of them may necessarily be good men, and I reckon that situations like what you’ve just described will definitely exist, but don’t worry, Nora’s marriage is something very important to both the
Smiths and the Andersons. We will definitely keep our eyes peeled and make sure we look for someone good for her! So, you don’t have to worry about that, Mrs. Hunt!” 
Previously, when Mrs. Hunt invited Melissa to the Hunts’, she had adopted a very arrogant attitude. It could be said that Melissa had taken care to be cautious with everything she said and did, but even at that time, she had carried herself with grace and poise. Now that she had the Smiths’ support, Melissa was even more confident. Her voice was polite and gentle as she said unhurriedly, “Of course, Yvette also had a ton of suitors back then. It was only after careful selection that she finally picked Mr. Smith. The apple of the Smiths’ eye will no doubt excel even more. Besides… Given how outstanding Nora is, and how she already has children, she doesn’t necessarily have to rely on men in order to survive. Times have already changed, there is no lack of youngsters! I heard that Ms. Hunt herself has announced a few years ago that she’s a non-believer of marriage. At that time, so many people had sung praises of Ms. Hunt and said that she was so dashing and heroic. Therefore, we’ll just let Nora decide based on her mood… 
“If she’s in a good mood and finds someone who tickles her fancy, she can try dating him. If she really doesn’t take a fancy to anyone, then that’s that. Do you think the Smiths and the Andersons won’t be able to support Nora financially? Besides, with Nora’s medical skills alone, how many people do you think are begging for her…” 
Every word she said was justified and well-founded, and they made Mrs. Hunt choke so badly that she couldn’t even say a word. 
Mrs. Hunt took a deep breath and said, “Then let’s see if there is anyone she likes!” 
As she said that, footsteps came from outside the door and the butler’s voice traveled over. “This way please.”
Mrs. Hunt looked over. She’d initially thought that there would only be two or three visitors, but little did she expect that a dozen or so people would enter all at once! 
On top of that, all of them were married ladies of wealthy families whom she often met?! 
Mrs. Hunt was dumbfounded. 
The person in the front was the wife of a director from a government organization. As soon as she entered, she looked straight at Nora, took a step forward, and held her hand. She said, “You must be Ms. Smith, right? Oh my, look at how pretty you are! You look just like how Yvette did back then! No, you’re even prettier than her! I heard that the Smiths are looking for a good life partner for you? What do you think of my eldest son? He is a lawyer, and should be a good match for you!” 
Nora: “…” 
The lady was so enthusiastic that she didn’t quite know what to say. At this point, another lady stepped forward. She smiled and said, “Don’t listen to her, Ms. Smith. Her eldest son is a lawyer, so he’s terribly busy. He won’t be able to find time to accompany you at all. My son, on the other hand, has more free time! He is the president of a company and doesn’t usually have much to do. I have photos of him on my phone. Would you like to have a look?” 
“There’s also my son…” 
The Smiths didn’t have a matriarch, so for a while, everyone flocked to Nora. 
Nora had never witnessed anything like this. Moreover, she had never been adept at talking, so she was stunned by their enthusiasm.
At the sight, Melissa kindly walked over and stopped in front of Nora. “Ladies, Nora’s mom passed away early. If there’s anything you need, you can talk to me instead. I’m her aunt, but I’m just like a mother to her!” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief at once. She quietly took a step back, nodded slightly, and said, “Everyone, I’ll go and have a change of clothes first.” 
After that, she bent over and picked up Cherry, who had slipped behind Melissa and was tiptoeing to look at the photo of the handsome guy on the phone. Then, she went straight upstairs. 
Cherry said, “… Mommy, I don’t need to change! Let me stay with Grandaunt Melissa! I miss Grandaunt Melissa!” 
Nora: “…” 
What you miss are those photos in the ladies’ cell phones instead, don’t you?! 
She ignored Cherry’s request and took her upstairs. Then, she ignored the plea for help in Justin’s eyes and merely raised her eyebrows as she gave him a silent message: ‘Good luck.’ 
Justin: “…” 
Mrs. Hunt was in disbelief as she stared at the women. 
Those ladies were some of the most famous people in New York. It was difficult for them to even come together, so how come they had all suddenly come to the Smiths’ today? Seeing that everyone else had all gathered around Melissa, she grabbed Mrs. Lovell, who hadn’t gone over yet, and asked, “Mrs. Lovell, you guys… Don’t you know that Nora already has a child?” 
Mrs. Lovell looked at her and smiled. “I know that, Mrs. Hunt!”
Then, she said, “But if Ms. Smith didn’t already have a child, how would my son possibly have a chance with her?” 
Mrs. Hunt:  
Mrs. Lovell took the opportunity to say, “My elder brother wanted to marry Yvette Anderson back then, too. With her good genes and her good looks, the offspring she gave birth to would definitely have been very smart and good-looking. Unfortunately, only people like Mr. Smith and Mr. Hunt were worthy of Yvette, and she did indeed choose Mr. Smith in the end. Families like ours stand no chance at all! But things are different now! Since Ms. Smith already has a child, surely she’ll lower her expectations a little?” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She was stunned. 
Mrs. Lovell immediately nodded. Then, she lowered her voice and said, “Think about it, how amazing a person was Yvette back then? Yet her daughter has outdone her! Not only is she the top surgeon, but she’s also the person standing at the very pinnacle of alternative medicine! If someone like her marries our family, wouldn’t I enjoy a long life? Besides, the children that Ms. Smith gives birth to will definitely be very smart! This will completely improve my family’s genes!” 
Mrs. Hunt stared at the people in front of her in a daze, finding all these rather unbelievable. “Don’t any of you mind that she has given birth before?” 
Mrs. Lovell smiled. “Of course not! Having one more clever person in the family will definitely be a help to the family in the future!” 
Next to them, Justin’s posture suddenly became ramrod straight, and he felt a huge sense of crisis.
Upstairs. 
Nora did not change. After tossing Cherry onto the sofa, she picked up her cell phone and continued to send messages to Trueman: ‘Who plotted my artificial insemination back then?’ 
Although she was very fat back then, she had already learned a lot of different skills by then. It was very difficult for anyone to set up traps for her. 
Additionally, Justin had also taken charge of the Hunt Corporation by then, and he usually brought bodyguards with him whenever he was out. Just who exactly were they? To think they could retrieve Justin’s sperm without anyone noticing?
###Chapter 527
Chapter 527 Karl Is Troubled 
It seemed like Trueman wasn’t looking at his phone, so he didn’t reply right away after Nora sent the message. 
After staring at the phone for a while, Nora tossed it aside and went to take a bath. 
Cherry and Pete came together. There were identical frowns on their little faces. Cherry said with dissatisfaction, “Pete, Grandpa is introducing boyfriends to Mommy again! Sigh!” 
Pete was about to comfort her and tell her that it was okay when Cherry remarked enviously, “When will my Daddy find me a bunch of young men?” 
Pete: “?” 
He’d thought that Cherry was worried that their parents would be separated, but as it turned out, she was just being envious of Mommy?! She was simply hopeless! 
The corners of Pete’s lips spasmed and he looked at the bathroom. 
Then, he put down the book in his hand and slowly walked out the door. 
— 
“Mr. Smith, before I came here, my husband said that he didn’t manage to beat you when he was fighting for Yvette back then, so your daughter has to show my son some courtesy this time! At the very least, let them meet and try to get along with each other!” 
Seeing that Melissa simply refused to say anything, someone shifted their target to Ian instead.
Ian’s usually lifeless countenance was filled with smiles and pride at the moment. 
In the past, everyone would deliberately ban any mention of Yvette Anderson in front of him. None of them had dared to mention her name. However, the mention of her name instead filled him with pride now. 
He smiled and replied, “Of course!” 
Justin: !! 
Suddenly, he felt very upset that he didn’t have any elders who could speak up for him. He glanced at Mrs. Hunt resentfully. The elderly woman looked very awkward and embarrassed. She stood there with her hands on her walking stick, looking like she wanted to speak with Ian, yet didn’t know what she should be saying 
Justin lowered his eyes and sighed inwardly. 
His father had run away from home with his mistress when he was only five. His mother had also moved out and never returned. His grandmother was the one who had brought him up, so he had great respect for her. 
Thus, he couldn’t adopt aggressive measures against his grandmother. 
Moreover, should his grandmother continue to be dissatisfied with Nora, given her skill in infighting within the household, he was afraid that she would keep making trouble for Nora. 
That was why Justin had allowed her to keep making trouble for the Smiths—so that she would keep being rebuffed. 
It was only after she had been rebuffed and realized how strong and powerful Nora really was that she would be truly convinced. This way, when Nora married into the Hunts in the future, at the very least, she
wouldn’t make things difficult for her. 
Thus, he did not rescue her from her predicament. 
He simply stood there without saying anything. Suddenly, someone pulled his sleeve. Justin lowered his head to see Pete standing by his leg and gently tugging his arm. When he looked over, the boy asked in his young and tender voice, “Daddy, aren’t you worried that someone will snatch Mommy away?” 
Justin: “?” 
He raised his eyebrows. Only then did he realize that everyone around them had stopped talking and were looking at both father and son in surprise. 
Mrs. Lovell didn’t quite understand. “Daddy… Mommy… Mr. Hunt, what does he mean by that?” 
Pete blinked and replied, “My Mommy is Nora!” 
Everyone: “!” 
Everyone looked at Ian and Mrs. Hunt with puzzled looks on their faces. 
Only then did something click in Mrs. Hunt’s head. She came back to her senses and said with a smile, “Tsk, look at me, I’ve forgotten to announce something to everyone! Ms. Smith is our little Peter Hunt’s biological mother. Peter and her daughter are twins! In other words, Cherry is a child of the Hunts! So, we won’t bother you guys to take care of her anymore!” 
Everyone: “!!!” 
Everyone looked at Justin. “So, Mr. Hunt and Ms. Smith are in a relationship? How far has the relationship gone?” Mrs. Lovell asked.
Mrs. Hunt nudged Justin. Justin knew what she meant, but he nevertheless looked at Ian subconsciously. Sure enough, the man had broken into a frown. As such, Justin lowered his gaze and replied, “I am still trying to woo her.” 
His words made Ian’s frown relax. Mrs. Hunt, however, was a little mad. “Justin!” 
Justin glanced at her but said nothing. 
The others remarked, “Oh, you’re still wooing her? Then that means we still stand a chance! It’s just that… I wonder what is your stance towards the matter, Mr. Hunt?” 
Mrs. Hunt took a step forward. She was about to say something domineering such as “Whoever tries to woo Nora would be going against the Hunts”… Once she said that, it would definitely force some of them into retreating. 
Unexpectedly, before she could speak, Justin replied calmly, “It’s a fair competition.” 
His one-liner made Mrs. Hunt feel as if her breath was caught in her chest. She couldn’t get it out, nor could she force it back down. 
After she finally sent away all the people who had come over to propose marriage, even Melissa heaved a huge sigh of relief. 
When Pete saw Justin off, the little fellow sighed, looked at Justin contemptuously, and said, “Daddy, you are so useless.” 
Just now, he had deliberately come downstairs and called them Mommy and Daddy loudly just to help him out, but little did he expect him to be so useless.
Justin, however, raised his eyebrows. The beauty mark at the corner of his eye shimmered as he said with a smile, “It’s useless to drive them all away. It’s pointless even if they curry favor with Mrs. Anderson or your grandfather.” 
A puzzled Pete asked, “Then what is useful?” 
“The most effective method is to snag your mommy.” 
Justin always focused only on the crux of the matter. As long as Nora was willing to be with him, even if Ian opposed to them being together, would there be any use? 
Pete: “” 
As he watched Justin leave, he suddenly felt like his father was still the more scheming one after all! 
When Pete returned upstairs, Nora had already taken a bath and was lying on the bed reading a medical book. She was still having a headache over how to cure Quentin. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
Thinking that Trueman had replied, she picked up the phone and took a glance. However, she instead saw a text message: “I will do my best to woo you. Even if you don’t accept me, I won’t use the children to hold you hostage.” 
Nora: “…” 
Her lips curled into a smile. Her anger and frustration at finding out that she had fallen victim to someone’s ploy seemed to have disappeared for the most part when she saw the message. 
The next day.
When Nora woke up and went downstairs, she saw Karl in the living room. He was following behind Tanya and asking with a smile, “Can your wedding be brought forward by two days? How about holding it tomorrow?”. 
Tanya felt a little helpless. “The hotel and everything else has already been booked. We can’t change the date just because we want to. Besides, the schedule is already very tight now. Is there something wrong?”. 
Karl looked a little anxious, but he nevertheless replied, “No, it’s fine, it’s fine…” 
He scratched his head. “I just feel a little nervous, so I want to get everyone done and over earlier!” 
Tanya became a little angry when he said that. “If you’re busy with something, then you can leave. To be honest, it doesn’t matter even if you don’t attend my wedding!” 
Karl had never fulfilled his duties as a father in Tanya’s life during the past two decades. The relationship between Tanya and him was inherently conflicting right from the start. 
Karl hurriedly waved and said, “No way! I’m really fine. I will definitely be there at your wedding! I’m your father, Tanya!” 
He broke into a grin and looked at her ingratiatingly. 
Tanya snorted at the sight and continued to prepare for the wedding. However, deep down, she still felt rather uneasy. 
She suddenly looked at Karl and asked, “Is something the matter with your company?” 
In order not to make Tanya worried, Karl and Joel had come together and made up a story. They told Tanya that Karl was the CEO of a listed company abroad. They did not intend to let her know about all those things in the underworld.
Karl said seriously, “Nothing’s wrong, really! Besides, what can be more important than my daughter’s wedding? Don’t think too much into it! If you don’t want to change the wedding date, then we won’t change it! You can just be in charge of taking good care of your skin and sleeping for the next few days. All you need to do is to turn up like the beautiful bride you are on the day of the wedding!” 
Tanya breathed a sigh of relief and uttered an “okay”. Then, she continued to fill out the invitations. 
Seeing her busying herself with her tasks, Karl sat on the sofa next to her. A gentle smile formed on his rough face. 
At this moment, Karl’s phone suddenly vibrated. 
When he answered, his expression instantly changed. He stood quietly and walked out. Nora happened to be taking out bread and milk from the refrigerator at this moment. She was about to eat them when she noticed his reaction. After thinking about it, she followed him out. 
Karl had a very serious look on his face. His voice was very low as he said, “No! I can’t leave now! I promised Tanya that I would attend her wedding, so I have to be there! You don’t have to say any more. You guys can go back first. Don’t worry about me!” 
He hung up after he said that. When he looked back, he was shocked to see Nora there. 
Nora frowned. She looked at Karl steadily and suddenly asked, “Have you met with some kind of trouble?” 
Karl laughed. “No way. Don’t think too much into it, hahaha.” 
After saying that, he walked back into the room. As he did, he sent a message on his cell phone.
As Nora stared at him from the back, she suddenly thought of something. She picked up her cell phone and switched to Black Cat’s account. Sure enough, she saw a message from Karl: ‘Sos! Help, Black Cat!’ 
Nora replied: ‘Just come straight to the point if you have something to say.’ 
Karl sent another message: ‘If something happens to me in the future, please do me a favor.’ 
Nora’s pupils shrank: ‘What is it?’ 
Karl: ‘Protect my daughter, Tanya.’ 
Nora: “What happened? If you don’t tell me, I’m not going to help you.”
###Chapter 528
Chapter 528 Caught!!! 
No matter what happened, Nora would always take good care of Tanya. 
She had deliberately said that just to force Karl to tell her the truth. 
A short while later, Karl replied: “I trust your character very much, Black Cat, so I’m leaving Tanya to you!” 
Nora frowned. 
The Assassin Alliance was an illegal organization and most of their crimes were committed abroad. In addition, the Assassin Alliance was very loyal. Most of the commissions that Karl accepted were requests for revenge, and he never killed the innocent indiscriminately. This was also the reason why she was willing to stay in the organization. 
Karl might seem like a goofball and acted like a gangster, but he was, in fact, an intelligent and meticulous man. 
The organization’s assassins had never taken any lives in the country. It stood to reason that they wouldn’t be in any trouble after he returned to the States, so what was going on? 
Seeing that Karl was refusing to say anything, Nora decided to call Black Panther. 
Black Panther was Karl’s number one assistant. He was also one of the bodyguards who had returned to the States with Karl this time. He was originally not known as Black Panther. After she became famous as Black Cat, Black Panther wanted a name similar to hers, so he had changed his name. 
Nora had been speechless at the time.
She wanted to tell him that that wasn’t her real name, but he didn’t really understand their naming conventions. On top of that, he didn’t like studying, so he simply refused to believe her. 
In addition, if anyone in the organization called him by his original name and not Black Panther, he would get angry. This led to him really changing his name to Black Panther in the end. 
She used a voice changer and asked, “What happened to Karl?” 
Black Panther sighed. “It seems like he’s gotten himself into trouble. He didn’t tell me anything about it, and only told us to leave America as soon as possible. But he’s insisting on staying instead…” Nora frowned and said, “You guys should leave first.” 
Even Black Panther wasn’t aware of what was going on. Just what had Karl done? While she was wondering about it, Tanya’s voice came over from the living room. “Nora, hurry up and come with me to try on the wedding dress!” 
When Nora walked over, she saw Tanya standing there excitedly. “They worked overtime to alter the wedding dress I chose, so it’s done now. I also customized the bridesmaid’s dress for you. Let’s go and try it on together!” 
Nora glanced at Karl. Even though he was trying his best to maintain his demeanor, his brows were still locked together, and he kept looking down at his phone time and time again. When Tanya walked over to the door after grabbing Nora, she suddenly looked back at Karl and asked, “You… Do you want to come with me?” 
Go with her? 
Karl originally looked anxious, but when he heard her, his eyes lit up and he suddenly smiled and said, “Yes, let’s go together! I want to see you in a wedding dress!”
Tanya looked happy and in good spirits. When she heard his reply, she smiled and said, “Okay. Did you drive here? Joel is heading over from the office, we’re meeting at the bridal shop.” Karl replied, “I did, I did! Let’s go! Dad will take you there!” 
The few of them went out together and got into Karl’s car. 
While Karl was driving, he put his phone on the stand as a navigator. 
Nora and Tanya sat in the backseat. 
Tanya was sitting right behind Karl, so she couldn’t see his expression. However, there was some faint excitement on her face. To be honest, there was something she had never mentioned all this time. 
She had never had a father in her life. What she was the most envious of was that Hillary had a father who protected her. 
She stared at the seat in front of her and suddenly said, “Thank you!” 
Karl was taken aback. 
Tanya turned and looked out the window. “To be honest, when I was a child, I always wondered about something. When I grow up and get married in the future, what should I do if I didn’t have a father to marry me off? I’d always known that Uncle Jones would never do it on behalf of my father…” 
Her words took Karl by surprise. 
His jaw tensed up and then, he grinned and said, “Well, now you do, Tanya!” 
After saying that, the look in his eyes became firm and resolute. Tanya smiled. “Yeah.”
She felt unprecedented happiness in this instant. 
She had found her daughter. 
She had found her father. 
Her relationship with Joel had also returned to what it had been in the past… 
It seemed like she had no more regrets in life… She was immersed in the joy of trying on the wedding dress, but Nora’s gaze was fixed on Karl’s phone instead… 
Although she was in the backseat, she had good eyesight. She could clearly see the text messages on Karl’s phone. 
Beep! 
Beep! 
Beep! 
He received numerous messages, all of which were messages from Black Panther urging Karl to leave and meet them. The few of them had left to look for a helicopter. This way, they could just fly off. 
But after taking a few glances at the phone, Karl instead turned it off. 
For some reason, the atmosphere became tense. 
Nora took a deep breath. She had almost immediately concluded that Karl was definitely not being pursued by enemies. 
After all, as the leader of the Assassin Alliance who had killed so many bad guys, there would eventually be bad guys approaching him for revenge.
There was no way Karl would put Tanya in danger with him. 
So, after ruling out that possibility, what exactly was happening to Karl? Just what was about to happen? 
While she was thinking about it, the few of them arrived at the bridal shop. After getting out of the car, Karl followed Tanya into the shop and they went upstairs. 
A worker brought the wedding dress over, and Tanya went to try it on. There was also a dedicated makeup artist there to put on some simple makeup for her. 
Outside, Joel was looking at a row of suits. While he was picking some out, he suddenly looked at Karl and suggested with a smile, “Dad, why don’t you pick one too? You can wear it at the wedding.” 
Karl’s gaze swept across the suits when he heard that. In the end, he picked a dark red one. “Tanya’s wedding is a joyous event. I’ll wear this one!” 
Joel nodded. 
The group of people went to the fitting rooms. 
Nora instead became the most leisurely person there. 
A short while later, Karl walked out in a suit. As he neatened his clothes, he seemed a little at a loss, and he didn’t even know where to put his hands. He asked nervously, “Does it look good?” 
Nora smiled and replied, “… Yeah, it does.” 
At this point, the fitting room’s curtains were pulled open. Tanya stood there in a pure white wedding gown. When she saw Karl, she raised her eyebrows in slight surprise. Then, she smiled and stretched out her hand to him.
Seeing how pure and beautiful she was, Karl’s eyes shone brightly. He raised his hand, but when he was about to touch Tanya’s hand, he hurriedly retracted it, took out a piece of tissue from his pocket, and wiped his hands meticulously… At the sight of how nervous he was, Nora couldn’t help but laugh. Was he really that man who dominated the underworld? 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang. When she answered, Morris’ voice came from the other side. He said, “We’ve made one of them talk. He’s confessed! It turns out that the few of them entered the country with someone’s help! We’ve found his accomplices!” 
His voice gradually merged with reality. Taken aback, Nora asked, “Who is it?” 
As soon as the question left her mouth, she heard footsteps coming toward her. Then, a few plainclothes officers and Morris rushed in. They pointed their guns at Karl and shouted, “Karl Moore, you have been surrounded! Freeze!” 
Nora’s head whipped to the side abruptly and she looked at Karl in disbelief. 
Karl seemed to have seen this coming long ago. His hand, which he had just wiped clean, stayed in mid- air just like that. He hadn’t taken his daughter’s hand yet. However, he didn’t try to take it anymore. 
He merely turned his head to Morris and said calmly, “Don’t be nervous, I won’t resist. Can I change my clothes, though? I shouldn’t ruin the ones I’m wearing right now.”
###Chapter 529
Chapter 529 Is Karl Really An Accomplice? 
Both of Karl’s hands were raised when he spoke. 
He stood in between Morris’ gun and Tanya, using his body to block her as if he was afraid that someone would misfire and end up injuring Tanya. 
Morris looked at Nora. 
Nora nodded slightly at him. 
Only then did Morris say, “Change here.” 
“Okay.” 
Karl took off his suit and folded it neatly. He wanted to pass it to the worker next to him, but the worker was so scared that he was already squatting next to him with his hands over his head. 
He could only pass the clothes to Joel. 
Joel was staring at him with a frown. “Dad…” 
“It’s fine, it’s fine.” 
Karl patted his hand lightly. “It’s just a misunderstanding. I’m fine.” 
Joel’s jaw tensed up and he looked at Morris. He was about to take a step forward and say something, but Karl stepped in front of him and stopped him. He shook his head. Then, without daring to look at Tanya, he said in a low voice, “Take good care of Tanya and Mia.”
After saying that, he reached into his pocket. 
“Freeze!” 
A plainclothes officer yelled warily at him. 
Karl immediately raised his hand. He looked at the few men again and said gently, “Don’t get worked up, don’t get worked up… I told you, I won’t resist. I’m just taking out something.” 
Morris nodded again. 
Karl took out a bank card from his pocket and handed it to Joel. Joel was surprised. “This is?” 
Karl smiled. “My wedding gift for the two of 
you.” 
After saying that, he held his hands over his head and walked towards Morris step by step. Before he reached them, Tanya suddenly asked, “You… What’s the matter?” 
Karl looked back at her. He was still smiling and his voice was comforting. “I’m fine, I really am. Don’t worry, it’s just a small matter. You don’t have to worry. Just rest assured and prepare for the wedding. I will try my best to come back on your wedding day. I promised that I will personally marry you off.” 
Tanya’s eyes were red. 
Dressed in the pure white wedding gown, she looked holy and clean. The sight made Karl smile. 
Morris put away his gun at this point. He took a step forward, took out his handcuffs, and handcuffed Karl’s wrists. Only then did everyone else relax. 
To be honest, when they discovered that Karl was the accomplice, everyone had been very nervous.
Logically speaking, it should have been very hard for them to catch a big boss like him. 
Besides, from the day before to this current point in time, he actually had sufficient time to escape, but he hadn’t. 
Everyone had thought that they would be in for a fierce battle, but it didn’t happen. 
Karl had surrendered just like that? 
Everyone looked at one another, still somewhat in disbelief. 
Even when Karl was brought into the car downstairs, everyone still felt that things had progressed too easily. 
– 
In the bridal shop, it was only after Morris left with his men that Tanya seemed to finally recover. She stared straight at Joel and asked with a trembling voice, “He… Will he be okay…?” 
Karl and Joel had lied to her that Karl was a businessman, but Tanya was no fool. How would she possibly not sense the gangster-like aura around Karl and his men? Joel held her hand. “Let’s go home first. I will find out what is going on!” 
Tanya nodded. 
When the two were talking, Nora had already left the shop. She followed after Morris. After they went downstairs, a few people escorted Karl into the car. 
Nora looked at Morris. “Are you sure it’s him? As far as I know, Karl never involves himself with domestic affairs.” 
Morris nodded. “We have already looked into it. When Karl came back to the States, he had indeed returned with the group of them. It is said that they were also the ones who arranged for Trueman Yale’s departure. That’s why we didn’t notice anything.” Trueman had left the country silently. No one knew where he had gone. 
This incident was indeed beyond Nora’s expectations. 
But if Karl was the one who had done it, then everything would make sense. 
Sending a person out of the country was something that couldn’t be any easier for the Assassin Alliance. 
She frowned and looked inside the car again. No matter how she looked at it, Karl didn’t seem to her like someone who would be connected to the mysterious organization. 
Seeing how concerned she looked, Morris said, “We are just asking Mr. Moore back with us to aid in our investigations. Once I have any news, I will let you know.” 
Nora nodded. 
However, she knew that Karl had most likely done it. 
Without sufficient evidence, Morris and the others would never ask him to go with them at gunpoint just to cooperate with the investigation. 
After Karl got into the car and was taken away, Nora picked up the phone and dialed Black Panther’s number again. 
Black Panther answered very quickly. “What’s the matter, Black Cat?” 
Nora asked, “Did you guys bring a few outsiders into the country when you came to America?”
Black Panther was surprised. Then, he asked, “Is it because of them that Boss is suddenly in trouble?” 
Nora’s heart sank. 
Instead of answering her question, Black Panther had instead asked her a question of his own. However, his response had indeed answered her first question. 
Her jaw tensed up and she slowly asked, “What exactly is going on?” 
Black Panther sounded very anxious. “I knew something would go wrong! When Boss suddenly said that he wanted to come back to the country and have a look, I already felt like something wasn’t right. Then, he said that he was here to look for you, so I didn’t think much about it. But unexpectedly, when we were departing, I discovered that he had brought a few people with him. Those people didn’t look like good news to me, so I tried to persuade him not to do it, but Boss didn’t listen to me. He even told me not to be nosy, and said that it had nothing to do with me! But look, something has happened! Just who exactly are those people?” Nora couldn’t disclose the special department’s information, so she didn’t answer him. Instead, she asked coldly, “When did the Assassin Alliance start taking gigs like this?” 
Black Panther obviously sounded a little guilty. He replied, “That’s what I thought, too. Our organization isn’t lacking money. It was indeed too rash of Boss to take the job! What should we do now? The few of us will come back at once and save Boss!” 
Nora stopped him at once. “This is the United States, it’s not a place where you guys can mess around! Go back and wait for news from me!” 
With Karl arrested, Black Cat naturally became the leader of the Assassin Alliance. Black Panther was full of admiration for her, so he immediately replied, “Understood.”
After hanging up, Nora thought for a while and told Joel and Tanya to go home for now. As for herself, she drove to the special department, intending to have a good chat with Karl. 
When she arrived at the special department, Morris was already done interrogating him. When he saw Nora, he kept silent for a while before he said, “He has confessed.” 
Nora: “?” 
She walked straight to the interrogation room. When she opened the door, she saw Karl sitting there. 
Nora sat opposite him and asked directly, “Uncle Karl, if you want to attend Tanya’s wedding, then tell me, where is Trueman Yale?”
###Chapter 530
Chapter 530 Jill’s Secret! 
When he heard her, Karl looked at Nora and asked, “If I say that I don’t know, will you believe me?” 
Nora was taken aback. “Why wouldn’t you know?” 
Karl sighed. “I really don’t know how he left the country. I am only responsible for bringing them into the United States! Moreover, after we arrived in the country, we went our separate ways. I didn’t involve myself with them after that.” 
Nora frowned. 
She’d originally wanted to give Karl a chance to redeem himself, but with the way he was putting it, it really was Karl who had brought them into the country? 
She broke into a frown. 
Karl said, “It is indeed my fault for forging their documents and bringing them in and out of the country illegally. I am willing to be punished for it. You guys can decide the sentence!” 
These were small charges, so he would probably be sentenced to jail for three to four years. 
Seeing Karl confessing to his crimes so readily, Nora couldn’t help asking, “As far as I know, the Assassin Alliance never takes such jobs. Why did you take the job?” Karl sat on the chair casually. His big and muscular body on the tiny chair made the chair look as if it would collapse any moment. 
He rolled up his sleeves, revealing the tattoos on his arm. He was the very picture of a delinquent from the underworld.
He grinned. “Why else could it be? Because they offered a lot of money, that’s why!” 
Money… 
Before Nora could say anything, Morris had already spoken. He said, “Mr. Moore, as far as I know, they only gave you 1.5 million dollars to enter the country. Others may be tempted by this amount of money, but considering how you are worth a few hundred million dollars, surely you won’t be interested in the job, right? I hope you can cooperate with our investigation! You have to give us a logical reason! Otherwise, we have reason to believe that you are in cahoots with the mysterious organization!” 
Morris’ suspicions were well-founded, and even Nora couldn’t refute him. 
Karl sighed. “It really was for the sake of money! People like us don’t have any boundaries for what we do. What’s bringing a few people back to the country when we are used to even murder? You think a few hundred million dollars is a lot of money? That money is slowly accumulated from several million-dollar jobs! I’ll say this, though I have never killed anyone in the United States, so you have no right to arrest me because of this!” 
He spoke clearly and logically and was totally a wily old fox. 
Nora looked at him, her jaw tensed up. She knew that Karl wasn’t telling the truth. 
In the eyes of outsiders, the Assassin Alliance was indeed an underworld organization. As long as one offered them money, they would take the commission and do the killing. 
However, she knew that the Assassin Alliance had boundaries! 
Besides, there was an unwritten rule in the Assassin Alliance, and that was—they were not allowed to kill Americans! Because they didn’t want to leave behind criminal records in the States. 
This rule was set by Karl, which went to show that the man had feelings for the country.
In fact, one could even say that Karl might have already made up his mind to retire in the States. 
Yet he was suddenly saying that he was willing to do anything for money. She didn’t believe him at all! 
Before returning to the States, Karl was completely unaware that he had a daughter. In the organization, he often advised others: “It’s enough to just have enough to spend. Don’t get too caught up in greed!” Besides, even Black Panther could tell that those people were problematic. Would he not be able to see it? 
Something was definitely wrong here! 
Nora stood up suddenly, nodded to Morris, and left the interrogation room. 
Since Karl refused to say anything, then she would investigate this herself! 
She didn’t believe that there was anything in this world that Q and Black Cat wouldn’t be able to resolve! 
Nora went straight back to the Smiths’. 
She was originally planning to go upstairs to do something, but when she was parking, she unexpectedly found an outsider’s car in the parking lot. 
Puzzled, she walked into the living room. Before she even got close to the living room, she heard Jill’s voice coming from the room. “I knew he was a bad person. He was already covered in tattoos when he was young. It was obvious from a glance that he wasn’t a reliable man, but I didn’t expect him to be such a vicious criminal! Now that he has been arrested, hah, he really deserves it! What goes around comes around! He has to pay the price for killing so many people! The way I see it, he can forget about ever getting out of prison!” 
The things she said were extremely awful.
Tanya sneered, “No one knows or can be sure what the truth is, or why they arrested Dad! I don’t need you to talk nonsense here!” 
“Talking nonsense?” Jill’s voice instantly rose. “Tanya, do you have a conscience or not? Are you still calling a murderer like him your father?! If I were you, I would never acknowledge him!” 
Nora frowned. 
She was about to enter the living room when Hillary’s father, aka Jill’s current husband, said, “Tanya, don’t hold it against your mother for saying such awful things. We rushed over as soon as we heard the news. If even a small family like the Joneses have heard about the incident, then I’m afraid all of New York probably knows by now? With a father like him, even if you don’t mind, won’t Mr. Smith mind? The Smiths have a reputation to uphold! What’s more, Mr. Smith’s and your wedding is in two days. 
Surely you need someone to give your hand away at the wedding, right?! That’s why we are here… Your mother is ultimately still your mother, how can she just stand by idly and watch you be married without someone to give your hand away? We’ve already discussed this between the two of us. Since you grew up with the Joneses, why don’t you get married as a Jones instead?” 
Nora was infuriated. She pushed open the door, but she immediately heard Tanya sneer, “Mr. Jones, Mrs. Jones. I am not worthy of your kindness. Please leave!” 
After saying that, Tanya immediately ordered the butler, “See the guests out! The butler came in. “Mr. Jones, Mrs. Jones. This way please!” 
Mr. Jones got up. However, Jill shouted at Tanya angrily, “Tanya, you’re mistaking a good man for a bad one! Our suggestion is all for your own good! Yet you’re not appreciative of our gesture?” 
Tanya didn’t have the time to talk to them. She was terribly troubled at the moment.
When she didn’t speak, the butler said aggressively, “Mrs. Jones, if you refuse to leave, then I will have to call security!” 
“Don’t touch me, I can leave by myself!” Jill glared at Tanya. Suddenly, she said, “By the way, don’t the Smiths have a real estate project that they are looking to partner up for? You can approach the Yeet Enterprise. Remember to tell Joel this.” 
Tanya: “?” 
She found what she said ridiculous. “Why should I?” 
Jill was also sneering. “Because I took $300,000 from them! I’m your mother! Even if you’re dead, you have no choice but to acknowledge it! Since I’ve taken the money, you, as my daughter, have to get things done! I’ve already written them an IOU! If you don’t get Joel to work with them, then they will come to you for money!” 
After saying something so shameless, Jill sneered again, “You’d best think carefully about what a father like that will bring you! The Joneses are at least innocent and have never broken the law! I’d advise you to think about this carefully.” 
Tanya was really very tired. She stared at Jill and suddenly asked, “Why are you treating me like this?” 
“Why?” 
Jill suddenly became furious. She pointed at her and ranted, “You caused Hillary’s death, so you owe us all of this! You have to back Uncle Jones and let him support the Joneses! Otherwise, for as long as you’re alive, I, your mother, will never stop harassing you and making life difficult for you! Now that that goddamn Karl isn’t here anymore, I shall see what else you people can do about me!” 
No matter what, her parents were the ones who had given her life.
Jill was her mother, so she and Joel couldn’t really kill her. 
Previously, Jill hadn’t come over to make a scene anymore because Karl had intimidated her. But now that Karl had been arrested, Jill immediately saw hope again. 
“Get lost!” 
Tanya yelled at her. 
Jill slowly walked toward the exit. “Don’t forget what I told you and remember to tell my fantastic son-in- law that! Also, remember to let me know when Karl’s sentence is passed… Hahaha!” 
Tanya was so furious that her chest was heaving up and down. Nora lowered her eyes. She stepped forward and bumped into Jill, who was about to leave! After the collision, she stepped aside and raised her eyebrows at Jill. 
Jill cursed furiously, “Are you blind?” 
But when she saw Nora, she swallowed back down the curses at the tip of her tongue. She merely muttered “Tsk, what bad luck” under her breath and went out with Mr. Jones. Nora looked at them from the back with a cold look in her eyes. Then, she took out a miniature earphone and put it in her ear. Just now, when she made contact with Jill, she had planted a virus into her cell phone. Her cell phone was now Nora’s listening device! 
She wanted to hear what the two people would say after they left. 
Jill’s completely different attitudes towards her two daughters, Hillary and Tanya, puzzled her. If a mother could love her daughter to the point of how she coddled and spoiled Hillary, then how could she possibly be so indifferent and hostile to her other daughter?
Something she was unaware of must have happened back then! No matter how substantial the reasons that Jill had previously given were, she didn’t believe it one bit! She turned on Jill’s cell phone and eavesdropped on the couple’s conversation after they left the Smiths.
###Chapter 531
Chapter 531 Back Then! 
The two of them likely had only just gotten into the car and left. Only their breathing and the sound of the car starting and moving could be heard at the moment. For a while, neither of them spoke. 
Nora looked upstairs while she listened in on them-Tanya was holding her head and she looked worried and anxious. 
Nora looked around and asked, “Where’s Joel?” “He went to ask Dad what happened.” Tanya raised her head blankly and looked at Nora. She asked in a puzzled manner, “Nora, my father… Is he really a bad guy?” 
Nora’s jaw tensed up. She looked at Tanya and sighed. “There are no so-called good guys or bad guys in this world… Neither is there true good or evil…” 
When she was a child, she had abhorred evil. 
But as she grew up and came into contact with more and more things, her many identities also came into contact with a lot of people. Only then did she gradually come to understand. 
In this world, no one was strictly evil or good. 
Take, for example, Jill. She was a complete villain from head to toe for others, but to Hillary, she was a good mother. 
And take, for example, Karl… He indeed had a lot of blood on his hands and also looked fierce and menacing, but in Nora’s eyes, a man like him was instead likable. 
Tanya, who didn’t get the answer she wanted, hung her head once more.
After a while, the landline at home suddenly rang. The nanny picked up the call, upon which she looked at Tanya and said, “It’s Mdm. Sue.” 
Tanya frowned. 
It was Sue from the ancestral home again. 
Before she could say anything, Nora went downstairs and answered the phone. As soon as she said “hello”, Sue said, “Tanya, has your father really been arrested? Oh my, is a scary man like him finally going to be brought to justice? How delightful! He even fired at us the other time. Heh, does he think he can just shoot at others so casually? He’s such a boor!” 
Nora couldn’t bring herself to listen any further, so she went straight to the point and asked, “What exactly do you want?” 
It was only then that Sue realized that it was Nora on the phone. Surprised, she said, “Nora? Well, all the better if it’s you on the phone. I’ll tell you this, Karl Moore is a huge villain. Now that he has been arrested, they definitely won’t let him out anymore. We’ve already asked around; it’s said that he committed murder. Tell Joel to hurry and divorce Tanya! This is also what your granduncle wants. The Smiths mustn’t have a murderer’s daughter as a daughter-in-law! It would be horrible if news of this were to spread!” 
Nora frowned and sneered, “Are you a police officer?” 
Sue choked. “Huh? Of course not!” 
Nora said, “Oh, it’s fortunate that you’re not. Otherwise, there would have been so many cases of injustice in the world!”
Despite being dissed, Sue didn’t get angry. She said, “Oh Nora, I know you’re on good terms with Tanya, but just giving her a bit of money in private will suffice. Someone like her is not suitable to be the matriarch of the Smiths! News of the incident has already spread in New York! There are even people saying that Jill was right to leave Karl Moore back then and that Tanya is regarding a bad man as her kin! She should be repaying the Joneses for their kindness! How can she abandon the Joneses just because she has climbed up the social ladder? Isn’t a woman like her too cold-blooded? She’s so ungrateful!” 
“… I’m hanging up,” said Nora. 
As soon as she said that, Sue said anxiously, “Wait, don’t hang up just yet! I’m talking business here. Do you know who spread all this news? It’s Jill! She deliberately spread the news everywhere until the whole city was talking about it. Think about it, even if Tanya does become the matriarch of the Smiths, is there anyone in New York who would respect an ingrate like her?” 
Smack! 
Nora hung up huffily. As soon as something happened to Karl, an all too eager Jill had immediately started dragging Tanya’s name through the mud. She was too much! 
She lowered her gaze. Right at this moment, she finally heard Jill and her husband’s conversation in the earphone! 
Mr. Jones said, “Don’t fall out with her like that. Doing that will not benefit anyone! Can’t you take a softer attitude with Tanya?” 
Jill’s voice was very shrill. “Why should I? I feel like killing that little bitch the moment I see her face!” 
“That’s enough! You have to change that attitude of yours!”
Jill sneered, “Hah, you weren’t the one in pain and suffering during that incident back then, of course you wouldn’t mind! But I do!” 
“Back then, back then… That’s all you keep talking about. Why are you bringing up all those things from back then again? Don’t talk about it anymore. Aren’t you afraid that Mr. Smith will come to know of it?” 
“What are you so scared of? We’re in our car right now! You have never wanted to talk about it all these years. Since you refuse to let me talk about it, all the more I will do so! Back then…
###Chapter 532
Chapter 532 Nora’s Methods! 
The couple’s voices traveled through the earphone, their conversation taking Nora by surprise. 
Through their argument, she slowly learned the truth of what had happened back then. 
She was utterly stunned. 
One could say that she had experienced a lot over the years, but even so, she never would have expected a villain like Jill to really exist in this world! 
Her jaw tensed up and her brows locked together into a tight frown. 
Lily came back at this point. 
A guest room had been prepared for Lily all this time. Every once in a while, she would come back, take a day off, and rest. After all, she was terribly busy at the moment. Not only did she have to take care of Old Maddy, but she also had to take care of Quentin. 
She stretched and entered the house. After stepping into the house, she looked at Nora and said, “Anti, long time no see.” 
Nora stared at her. Suddenly, she pulled off her earphone, coughed, and asked “Lily, are you busy?” 
Lily: “” 
She slowly looked at Nora and then, the corners of her lips spasmed. She said, “Boss, you must be the most exploitative capitalist in the whole country.”
She really was back just to rest for a day! On top of that, this was the only day she had come back this whole week. 
Nora, however, got onto her feet. She took out the hair that she had pre-packed-needless to say, she had plucked those strands of hair off Jill’s head when she collided with her just now. The hair follicles were still attached. 
Lily: “!!!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed, and she felt like she was close to getting accustomed to it by now. She asked, “Whose DNA are you going to check this time?” 
“Jill and Tanya’s,” replied Nora. 
“… Got it.” 
They had done DNA tests for Tanya quite a few times by then. Lily already had records of her data, so she didn’t need any more samples. She took the samples from Nora and headed to the door dejectedly. As she did, she said, “Boss, you really have to give me a pay raise.” 
After watching Lily leave, Nora turned and went upstairs. 
Joel came back at dinnertime in the evening. With a big frown on his face, he looked at Tanya and said, “I’ve gotten someone to ask around. Dad didn’t do anything serious, so he will probably be out after two or three years of jail at most…” 
Tanya breathed a sigh of relief. 
Two to three years of jail for a bad man really wasn’t that long. 
Tanya had actually been worried that Karl would be imprisoned for life. She looked at Joel and said, “If you can pass him a message, tell him that I will wait for him outside, and will provide for him in his old
age.” 
Joel nodded. 
Nora, who was seated at the side, listened to them, feeling that Joel was indeed rather capable. 
The special department’s matters were handled with a very high level of confidentiality. On top of that, Morris was a tough nut to crack, no matter what kind of attitude one took with him. It was extremely difficult for one to find out what was going on within the department. 
Yet Joel had found out after running here and there for an afternoon. 
This showed that the special department wasn’t entirely impenetrable. Next to them, Warren and Maureen were eating with their heads down. Perhaps because of Karl’s incident in the afternoon, the couple 
—who were usually the ones livening up the atmosphere at home-didn’t speak. 
But if one were to look at them closely, they would see that Maureen had a furious look on her face while Warren was smiling ingratiatingly at her. Maureen, however, had turned away and was ignoring him. 
Nora was preoccupied with thoughts of Jill and Tanya’s DNA test because she wanted to verify the truth of what they had said in the car, so she didn’t notice that there was something wrong with the couple. After dinner, Joel suddenly looked at Tanya and said, “When I was getting someone to ask around about Dad today, I actually met him.” 
Tanya was taken aback. 
Joel kept quiet for a while before he sighed and said, “He wants you to carry on with the wedding as planned, and is asking us not to delay the wedding because of him.” 
Tanya bit her lip and lowered her head. “He’s thinking too much. Why would we cancel the wedding because of him?” Nora glanced at Tanya. She knew that her best friend was being verbally stubborn again. She had heard Tanya call the hotel this afternoon to cancel the wedding banquet… When the hotel told her that the deposit was non-refundable, she had even snapped at them impatiently and said that they needn’t refund her then. 
But… 
“The wedding should indeed carry on as planned,” said Maureen suddenly. She still sounded a little stiff, but one could faintly hear the concern in her voice. She said, “For some reason, news of what happened to Tanya has been spread everywhere and the city is abuzz with rumors. My family even called to ask about it today. If the wedding is canceled, those unaware of what’s going on will think that Joel has become unhappy with Tanya. Also… there are already a lot of people speculating that the wedding will be canceled.” 
The things that those people said had sounded way worse, actually. “… The Smiths will never accept a murderer’s daughter. I even heard that her father is an underworld figure. Jill had been forced into a relationship with him back then, and he even forced himself on her… He’s even a rapist! How scary! It’s fortunate that he has been arrested!” 
“Heh, like father like daughter. Tanya is his daughter, so she’s not going to be anything good either. If I had a father like him, I would be too ashamed to marry Mr. Smith!” “Wait for it. The Smiths will definitely come up with some kind of excuse to cancel the wedding. After all, if they hold such a lavish wedding now, it will look really bad when they divorce in the future.” 
There were all sorts of speculations, and Maureen’s family had relayed them all to her. 
Tanya would be living in New York as Mrs. Smith in the future. She couldn’t possibly be like Justin’s mother and lock herself up in a villa in the suburbs all day, never going out or socializing for the rest of her life.
As long as she had to socialize, she would have to come into contact with others. And as long as she came into contact with others, disputes would inevitably happen. 
Therefore, they mustn’t let Tanya be looked down upon! 
Upon hearing what Maureen said, the few of them got together and discussed the issue. In the end, they decided that the wedding would continue as planned! 
The worried Tanya and Joel went upstairs. Maureen also went upstairs with Warren, one behind the other, leaving only Nora who walked up the stairs slowly. 
Upstairs. 
Nora sat on the sofa, her hands flying about on the keyboard at high speed. 
She now understood what was going on with Jill. However, she had to figure out the truth about Karl too! 
She intended to investigate what exactly had happened when Karl left New York back then… 
Seeing Nora hard at work, Pete, who was lying on the bed, sent a message to the tyrant: “Something has happened at home. This is a good chance for you to impress Mommy, why aren’t you here? You’re so useless!” 
Pete frowned and heaved a huge sigh. He was simply so mentally exhausted! 
In order to let the family of four reunite, he was shouldering too many responsibilities all by himself! 
The tyrant was usually so smart, yet he wasn’t making use of such a great opportunity to impress Mommy? With her cell phone in hand, Nora hacked into a certain system.
To be honest, she already had a vague guess deep down and was just here to verify it. But unexpectedly… the moment she hacked into the system, she was obstructed by a master hacker! 
The two of them went back and forth. Even after a few rounds of fighting, neither of them could beat the other. However, perhaps because the other party was part of the public security system and thus held an advantage on their home turf, Nora was temporarily at a disadvantage. 
The other party opened a chat channel and asked straightforwardly: ‘Who are you?’ 
Nora: “?” 
She thought for a moment and replied: ‘I am Y.’ 
Y was Justin anyway. Surely he wouldn’t hold it against her if she borrowed his name, right? After all, Justin was very powerful in the country, whereas her identity as Q had already been exposed in front of quite a few people. 
After sending the message, she asked: ‘Who are 
you?’ 
The other party kept quiet for a long while before they finally replied: ‘Oh, I am Q.’ Nora: “”
###Chapter 533
Chapter 533 Jill’s True Colors! 
Nora stared at the screen for a while before she suddenly realized something. Well, that made sense. Out of the few known hackers in the world, who else besides Y could compete with her for a few rounds? Justin hadn’t showed up the whole day even after learning what happened to Karl. As it turned out, he had the same suspicions as her, so he was also hacking into the system in the middle of the night? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Just because Justin hacked into the system first, she had thought that he was someone from the other side. 
The corners of her lips spasmed again. Her phone rang at this point and then Justin’s low and deep voice came from the other side. “Are you planning to make me take the rap again?” 
Nora thought back to when the two of them had first met. Every time she did something with one of her identities, upon being discovered, everyone would think that it was Justin who had helped her. She didn’t want to reveal her identity at that time, so she hadn’t refuted it. 
However, the two of them weren’t familiar with each other yet at that time. She had even felt a little embarrassed having him take the blame. 
As for now… Had she already become so used to it? 
Nora coughed and changed the subject. “What did you find?” 
Justin, who had sensed her intentions, let out a low chuckle. His laugh reached her ear through the phone, making her feel as if she was about to have an eargasm. 
Justin slowly said, “I discovered that there isn’t any information about Karl in the system!” 
A surprised Nora subconsciously replied, “Something’s off.” 
As she spoke, Justin stopped obstructing her and Nora entered the system too. 
When Karl went to Switzerland more than twenty years ago, he had actually sneaked into the country illegally. Therefore, there definitely wouldn’t be any record of him purchasing air tickets or leaving the country. 
However, before he entered the country illegally, Karl had been a gangster in New York. At that time, when he was dating Tanya’s mother, he had committed a crime and ended up being arrested. That was why he had broken off contact with Tanya’s mother. 
So, how could he not have any criminal record in the police station? 
The fact that there wasn’t anything was, in fact, the biggest problem of all! 
Justin said, “I’ve already checked for more than three hours. He indeed doesn’t have any criminal record.” Nora took a deep breath. “I see.” She exited the system. 
There were only two possible reasons for Karl’s lack of criminal record in the system. The first was that Karl himself had engaged a hacker to infiltrate the system and delete his records after he made a name for himself. 
After all, he was part of the Assassin Alliance abroad. The less others knew about him, the better it was. 
Of course, there was also the second possibility 
– his records had been transferred away, so they weren’t on the Internet. 
But why had they been transferred away?
This was what Nora had to investigate next. 
She said to the phone, “I’m hanging up.” 
She planned to go to the special department to interrogate Karl again the next day. 
But unexpectedly, when she said that, Justin quickly replied, “You’re so heartless.” 
There was a bit of resentment in his voice. “… What?” 
Justin sighed. “You throw me away once you’re done using me. Are you already denying doing anything with me when you haven’t even pulled your pants back up?” Nora: “” 
She hadn’t done anything with him at all! 
Nora hung up straight away. Her cheeks were a little red. What kind of nonsense was that man spouting? What pants didn’t she pull back up?! 
Elsewhere at the Hunts’. 
Justin, who had been busy for more than four hours, came up empty-handed. However, the computer made the corners of his lips curl upward into a smile in the end. 
He shook his head and went to bed. 
After he lay down, he fell asleep very soon. 
He couldn’t tell if it was because he had talked about pulling up one’s pants with Nora, but he had an unexpected dream that night. 
In the dream, it seemed like someone had drugged him and knocked him out, it was six years ago.
While he was half-awake, he’d had his way with a woman… The woman was very fat and very soft… In his daze, he seemed to have seen a pair of almond-shaped eyes. 
“Huff!” 
Justin’s eyes suddenly flew open and he stared at the ceiling. 
To be honest, he couldn’t remember a thing about how he had been drugged and knocked out, or how his sperm had been retrieved six years ago. Throughout all these years, that was the sole night he had no memory of. 
But the dream from the previous night was too real. 
It felt so real it was as if he had actually experienced it… Looking back at it now, it seemed like the memory of that night back then was gradually coming back to him. 
The next day. 
After she woke up, Nora originally planned to head to the special department to ask Karl what exactly was going on with his criminal record. However, the moment she went downstairs, she instead saw people coming and going in the living room, which was filled with people. 
Tanya was sitting on the sofa and looking at these people with a numb look on her face. 
As for Maureen, she was busy greeting the wealthy ladies visiting them. 
Most of them were here to ask if the wedding would still be held. When they heard that it would be, they started to give her wedding gifts in the pretense of friendship.
Maureen found someone to make a note of the gifts and their senders, so that Tanya could return the favor later. 
Seeing how troublesome the situation was, Nora frowned. 
She suddenly didn’t feel like having a wedding anymore. How boring must it be to just sit and wait on the sofa? If she had that much spare time, she might as well just go to bed instead! 
But it seemed like she was thinking too much. She didn’t have many friends in the States anyway. It was different for Tanya, who grew up in New York, after all… With that in mind, Nora went down the stairs and up to Tanya. She said teasingly, “To think you said that you didn’t have any friends. Does this look like you don’t have any friends?” “… Do you even remember your kindergarten classmates?” 
Nora: “?” 
Tanya smiled wryly and said, “I really don’t have any impression of them. These people even said that they danced with me when we were children! How would I possibly remember anyone from when I was five or six?!” 
Nora instantly understood. 
These people were here to ingratiate themselves with the Smiths in the name of being good friends with Tanya! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
At this point, the butler hurriedly walked in and said, “Ms. Nora, Mdm. Tanya, this is terrible! Mrs. Jones is here again! She’s crying at the door because we refuse to let her in…” 
Nora and Tanya looked at each other.
The butler sighed. “We do want to drive her away, but with so many people coming and going today, it won’t reflect well on us if people were to notice. How should I handle this?” 
Nora sneered. 
She was originally planning to find an opportunity to spill the beans about Jill and Mr. Jones’ conversation in the car. With Jill rushing over to court death now, this was undoubtedly a great opportunity! 
She sent Lily a message straightaway: ‘Have you brought the DNA report back?’ Lily responded very quickly: “I’m on the way.” 
When Nora saw her reply, she stood and raised her almond-shaped eyes, making her seem like someone who took swift and resolute action. She walked out of the house slowly and said, “Then let’s go and meet her.” 
Tanya originally didn’t want to, but Nora was already walking out of the house, so she could only follow behind. 
As soon as the two went out, they saw Jill sitting on a big rock outside the gate to the Smiths’ manor. She was wiping her tears with a handkerchief. 
Next to her, someone was passing by and asked, “Mrs. Jones, are you crying because you can’t bear to part with your daughter, who will be married soon?” 
Jill heaved a huge sigh. “Of course. I gave birth to her after all. No matter how badly I treat her, she was once part of my body…” 
When Hillary and Tanya were embroiled in a lawsuit, Jill and Tanya had fallen out very badly. To be honest, everyone knew that the relationship between the mother and daughter was not good.
So, what was Jill here to show off about? 
A lot of people had come to the Smiths’ to deliver gifts today. More than a dozen ladies had slowly gathered around Jill by now. Including their chauffeurs, assistants, and servants who had come with them, there were nearly thirty people surrounding Jill at the moment. 
Jill stood there and wept. “My life is so hard. What could I do after those things happened and I became pregnant with that murderer’s child back then? Being young and kind, I could only give birth to the child… It’s true that I didn’t treat her well, but she is the child of a murderer and even a rapist! I can’t help but think of her father whenever I see her. How could have I treated her well? Sob…” 
As soon as she started weeping, the unsuspecting people around her immediately realized something. 
“As it turns out, there is actually more to it than it seems!” 
“It’s no wonder Jill treats Tanya so badly, then. If you look at how she treats Hillary, she’s actually not a wicked mother. To be honest, if I were her, I might not have been able to even keep the child.” 
“Me too… Come to think of it, I even scolded Jill for treating her daughter badly back then. But if that’s the case, then her actions are indeed forgivable!” 
“She has already done pretty well by giving birth to Tanya and giving her life! After that, she even raised her and didn’t kill her… Come to think of it, Tanya should really thank her.” 
“I wasn’t understanding towards her previously. They are both her daughters, so how could she treat them so differently? Whenever I visited the Joneses when I was young, she had never really treated Tanya well. But now, I suddenly understand why she did that.” 
Everyone passed comments one after another.
Jill wept even more miserably. “Yes, I was really hesitant back then. I didn’t want to give birth to her, but in the end, I still couldn’t bear to abandon a tiny little life, so I gave birth to her!” 
She looked at Tanya, who had come out. She cried and shouted, “Tanya, I know I was wrong. All of this is my fault. I misplaced my resentment towards your father on you. Can you forgive me?” 
As soon as she said that, everyone looked at Tanya. 
“Ms. Turner, why don’t you forgive her?” 
“Yeah. In a situation like this, if you still don’t forgive her, then you’ll be the one at fault!” 
“She didn’t mean it…” 
Lily’s car arrived at the gate at this point.
###Chapter 534
Chapter 534 Trying To Take Advantage of The Smiths? Are You Worthy? 
Lily’s car couldn’t enter because the gates were completely blocked. She could only park the car at the roadside. With the DNA test report in hand, she walked around the crowd and strode towards Nora. 
Nora was still standing at the side and watching. After receiving Lily’s report, the corners of her lips curled upward slightly-it was just as she had expected! 
However, she didn’t immediately step forward to say anything. Instead, she continued to observe the situation with a look in her eyes that seemed as though she had the whole situation under control. 
Lily whispered, “Anti, can I finally…” 
She stretched out two fingers, made a gesture as if a little figure was walking, and asked happily, “… go to bed now?” “… Go ahead,” replied Nora. 
“Whew!” 
Lily breathed a sigh of relief and took two steps toward the porch. But she had only taken two steps when her phone rang. No one knew what the person on the other side said, but Lily’s expression suddenly changed. She messed up her hair irritably and shouted angrily, “Shit!” 
Then, she turned and complained to Nora with her cell phone in hand. “Quentin simply refuses to relieve himself without me. I ultimately am not fated to have any rest.” 
Nora: “?” 
She asked hesitantly, “Didn’t you hire several caregivers for him?”
When Lily heard this, she became even angrier. Lily, who had initially teased Quentin and infuriated him every day in the hospital, looked utterly helpless in this instant. She said, “In the beginning, I wanted to tease him, so I helped him with it every time. He was shy at first, but he eventually got used to it. When I got someone else to do it, he kept complaining that he can’t do it with anyone else now, so he keeps holding it in!” 
Nora: “…” 
Lily glanced at her. “Can I hook Quentin up to a urinary catheter and drainage bag?” 
Nora glanced at her and quietly replied, “No.” 
Quentin had very strong self-esteem. If they hooked him up to a drainage bag, it would probably scar him mentally. He was someone who liked to show off and bask in the limelight. Nora really didn’t want to make him feel like he was handicapped. 
Lily was also just joking. Different patients must be treated differently. Besides, Quentin was really very handsome and she liked his looks very much, so she would just let it be. 
She shrugged. Then, she squeezed her way out of the crowd that she had only just squeezed past to come in, and drove off. 
As Nora looked at her from the back, she couldn’t help but touch her nose. Should she give Lily another pay raise? Look at how tired she was making the child. 
While she was talking to Lily, she didn’t forget about Tanya, of course. 
After Lily left, she looked at Jill again. 
There was a ring of people around Jill. All of them were married ladies who had come to give Tanya wedding gifts. Some of them were afraid of getting involved and didn’t want to offend Tanya, but most of
them were mothers who didn’t agree with Tanya’s behavior. They came forward to comfort Jill. 
“Alright, alright. No matter what, it’s all over. The murderer has also been thrown into jail, so no one will harass you anymore. As for your children, Tanya is your only daughter now. Since you’ve already brought her up, it’s not like you can really become enemies with her, right?” 
“Exactly. Mrs. Smith is not an unreasonable person, either. You have a daughter yourself too, so you should also be able to understand your mother’s pain…” 
Tanya, who was so angry that she was shaking, clenched her fists. 
Jill was clearly spouting nonsense. Karl had clearly said that the two of them were willingly dating each other back then. How did it turn into a claim that Karl had forced himself on her? 
She pointed at Jill and took a deep breath. “Dad said that the two of you willingly dated each other back then!” 
Jill sighed. “Yes, of course he would say that. How else can he put it? That he forced himself on me? For your reputation’s sake, I also allowed him to force me into a corner. When I thought of the nightmare from back then, how could I dare to tell the truth?” 
Jill dabbed at her eyes with a handkerchief. “But things are different now, he has been arrested. I believe the bad guys will definitely receive retribution! That’s why I am willing to tell the truth now. All these years, I have really been so wronged and suffered so many grievances!” 
Everyone else heaved sighs. 
Tanya sneered, “You don’t have to play the victim and try to win sympathy here. My father is not that kind of a person.”
When she said that, Jill cried even harder. “Tanya, how can you trust a murderer over me? I know that murderer has made a lot of money overseas and that he has given all that money to you, so you treat him better than you treat me! But don’t forget, I am your mother who brought you up! Whereas you have only known him for half a month!” 
This remark of hers was a little accusatory and hinted that Tanya only trusted Karl because of money. 
The expressions of the wealthy ladies around them immediately changed. They looked at one another and the corners of their lips spasmed. 
Jill was still speaking. She said, “I know Karl left you a lot of money! You will also bring it with you to the Smiths after your wedding tomorrow. I don’t care about any of that, I can bear it. But how can you abandon me and refuse to acknowledge me as your mother?” 
The others stepped forward and tried to persuade Tanya. “Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Jones is actually quite pitiful. There’s no lasting enmity between mothers and daughters. Mrs. Jones certainly made a mistake and was partial to Hillary in the past, but now that Hillary is gone, you are her only daughter… Why don’t the two of you reconcile?” Everyone liked being harmonious, and disapproved of abandoning the elderlythough Jill didn’t need Tanya to provide for her… 
With everyone trying to persuade her, Tanya’s eyes were close to reddening. 
Karl actually had the chance to flee. 
Although she hadn’t been aware when the incident took place, she had tossed and turned all night yesterday, unable to sleep. After thinking about it carefully, she realized that Karl’s cell phone had been constantly ringing when they were on the way to the bridal shop. 
Later, Karl had also behaved as though he knew that the officers would rush in to arrest him…
He had already known a long time ago, but he hadn’t fled. He was just hoping that he could drag things out until his daughter’s wedding and that he could give his daughter’s hand in marriage to Joel at the wedding before he left. 
But it had still been too late. 
No one knew that when Karl was taking off his suit, he had turned to her and looked at her with a smile in his eyes. He had even said, “You look so beautiful in the wedding gown.” 
Her father had helped Jill and taken action against her in the beginning because he felt a little guilty toward Jill. How could someone like that possibly force himself on Jill? 
Tanya clenched her fists and asked, “What exactly do you want?” 
Jill finally sat up straight and sighed. “Tanya, what can I do? I just want you to see me as your mother. Can’t we just get along properly? Your Uncle Jones has also been wanting to form a good relationship with the Smiths.” Form a good relationship with the Smiths… 
As expected, she was here to demand benefits again! 
There was simply no end to that family of parasites! 
Jill got onto her feet. “The two of us are mother and daughter, but the Smiths have been constantly cracking down on the Joneses recently, causing the Joneses’ business to nosedive. Tanya, I don’t expect the Smiths to take care of us anymore. On account of our relationship as mother and daughter, can’t you give the Joneses a way out?” 
She was spinning stories again! 
Tanya was filled with despair as she stared at Jill.
Joel had a thousand and one ways to punish the Joneses, but hadn’t he already chosen to not take any action because of her?! 
If Jill wasn’t her mother, the Joneses would have gone bankrupt a long time ago! 
Tanya’s eyes were all red. When she was about to speak, a voice suddenly rang out. “So, you want to take advantage of the Smiths? Are the Joneses worthy of doing so?”
###Chapter 535
Chapter 535 Feel Free To Sue Him Then 
The voice was clear and pleasant but cold, shocking everyone present. Everyone suddenly turned around to see Joel, who had returned home at some point, standing outside the crowd. The man, who usually had a smile on his face, had a frosty look at the moment. 
Everyone who saw him subconsciously stepped aside and made way for him. 
Just like that, Joel took step after step toward Tanya and went up to her. As he stood beside her and held her hand, his attractive fox-like eyes glanced at Jill. Jill’s heart trembled at the sight of him. 
But when she thought of how Joel had always shown her mercy in the past, she became bold again. “The Joneses brought Tanya up. By virtue of our kindness in bringing her up, how are we unworthy of it?” The Joneses had brought Tanya up? The woman must have forgotten again how Tanya had survived! 
At the Joneses, she survived by eating garbage that the others had left behind. The money that she bought her school textbooks with were all earned by working as a babysitter for the Joneses. The nine- year compulsory education was free of charge. Even the money for her tuition in high school had come from her distributing flyers during summer vacations! 
What kind of financial support had they given her? 
Joel had decided not to hold it against the Joneses all this time simply because Jill was Tanya’s mother. 
No matter how badly she treated Tanya, she was her biological mother. This was a fact that would never change! 
He hadn’t made any moves because he was afraid that Tanya would come to regret it in the future. After all, they were mother and daughter related by blood, and Tanya had indeed grown up under her supervision.
Moreover, Tanya initially had Karl to stand up for her, so Joel was more than happy to hide at the back. 
Firstly, this gave Karl an opportunity to do something, which would help with him repairing his relationship with Tanya. Secondly, as a junior, it ultimately wasn’t appropriate for him to be too merciless with his elders. 
But now that Karl had been imprisoned, if Joel still didn’t step forward, wouldn’t Tanya be bullied to death? 
The previous night, when Jill took money from other people, demanded that Joel did what she asked, and then left after saying that, Tanya had already thought it through. 
On that night itself, she had already told Joel that she wanted to sever ties with Jill! 
Tanya had already made up her mind. 
Jill had no boundaries. There was no way Tanya would allow such a shameless parasite to leech off the Smiths! 
It was because she had finally made up her mind that Joel stepped forward today. 
He didn’t want outsiders to rebuke Tanya and say that she didn’t have a conscience. In that case, he would be the bad guy instead! 
He stared straight at Jill and sneered, “What does the fact that you’re Tanya’s mother have to do with the Smiths?!” 
The question stunned Jill, and she stood where she was in a daze. She frowned and asked Joel perplexedly, “Tanya is your wife, so that makes me your mother-in-law! How am I unrelated to the Smiths?”
Joel’s eyes suddenly turned cold. “Oh? Sorry, but I’ve always been a cold and heartless man, and I believe there are a lot of people who have said that about me behind my back. They call me the smiley Hades, right?” 
Joel and Justin were equally famous in New York, but he wasn’t as fearsome as Justin because he always looked like he was smiling. 
However, everyone knew that he was a wolf in sheep’s clothing. 
One could never figure out what he liked. He might be smiling at you one second, and then taking your life the next! 
Many years ago, a real estate company had been driven into a corner by the Smiths. Desperate, the boss had approached Joel and gotten down on his knees in front of him to beg for forgiveness. 
The smiling Joel had told him to stand up. 
Thinking that Joel had let him off, the boss had left gratefully. However, the next day, he found out that the company had still gone bankrupt! In the end, the boss threw himself off the top of a building. 
This incident was also the first thing that Joel had done after he took over the Smiths. It had intimidated all of New York, and no one had dared to underestimate him ever since. 
At this moment, when Jill heard what he said, chills suddenly ran down her spine. 
She stared at Joel and swallowed. “W-what are you planning?” 
Joel took out a stack of evidence proving the Joneses’ crimes of tax evasion and waved it back and forth. He replied, “I just thought I’d cooperate with the authorities and crack down on some tax evasion.” 
Jill swallowed at once, the look in her eyes going blank.
She stared at Joel incredulously. “H-how dare you!” 
The authorities had been very strict in cracking down on tax evasion recently. Should the evidence about the Joneses’ tax evasion be submitted, the Joneses would definitely go bankrupt! 
Not only would they lose all their money, but Mr. Jones would even have to go to jail! Joel cast his eyes down. “I have already dialed 911 just now. I’m sure the police will come and retrieve the evidence very soon.” 
His simple one-liner made Jill’s knees go weak with fright. 
It was at this moment that Mr. Jones, who had sent Jill here, finally couldn’t hide anymore. He got out of the car at the side, stepped in front of Jill, and said to Joel, “Mr. Smith, this is all a misunderstanding! A misunderstanding! I will take her away now, okay?” 
Jill said angrily, “No!” 
Smack! 
Mr. Jones slapped her across the cheek at once. “Shut up!” 
Then, he wanted to drag her away and leave. 
Joel stared at Mr. Jones. He had threatened them several times with their company previously and each time, Mr. Jones would come forward and take Jill away. But a short while later, Jill would always pop up again. 
Every word of hers had even stabbed right into Tanya’s heart this time. 
Joel said dispassionately, “I’m afraid the two of you won’t be able to leave this time.”
Mr. Jones had initially thought it would be the same as before this time too. If they behaved themselves for a while, Joel would let them off. He didn’t expect to hear a response like that instead. 
He was so scared that sweat instantly trickled down his forehead. His face paled a little and he said, “Mr. Smith, we’re all family here. Your mother-in-law was just too angry. Please forgive her this one time! I promise she will never show up in front of you ever again.” 
Joel looked at Mr. Jones. “It seems like you’ve been saying this same thing every time.” 
The look that Joel was giving him made Mr. Jones choke on his breath at once. 
He glared at Jill furiously, stretched out his hand, and hit Jill’s face again, causing her cheek to swell at once. He said, “You bitch, I told you not to come, but you simply had to! Hurry up and get down on your knees at once, and apologize to Tanya and Mr. Smith!” 
Get down on her knees? 
By demanding that Tanya’s mother kneel down and apologize to her, were they really apologizing, or were they trying to drive Tanya into a corner?! 
Everyone present could see this very clearly. 
Jill burst into tears at once. “Tanya, you have no conscience whatsoever! Do you really want me to get down on my knees in front of you?!” 
Everyone looked at Tanya in unison and began to persuade her.: 
“Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Jones knows that she’s in the wrong. Why don’t you let her off this time…” 
“Yes, Mrs. Smith, one must have boundaries in what they do. She’s your mother…” 
Tanya stared at her and merely smiled sarcastically.
“No, it’s fine.” 
Joel suddenly spoke up. 
Jill immediately breathed a sigh of relief. She just knew that so long as she was Tanya’s mother, there was nothing Tanya and Joel could do about her! 
She was still thinking about it when she suddenly heard Joel continue. He said, “If you have anything else to say, you can tell that to the police!” 
As he said that, the police came over in the distance. “Mr. Jones? Someone has reported you for tax evasion! Please come with us to the police station to assist in investigations!” 
When the police officers showed up, everyone present was shocked. No one had thought that Joel actually meant business this time! 
Everyone looked at him in shock and swallowed hard. 
Jill also came back to her senses. She immediately burst into tears again and cried out, “Tanya, Joel! Are the two of you really going to drive me into a corner until I’m dead? How can you be so heartless?!” 
Like before, Joel spoke without waiting for Tanya to say anything. He said, “I have always been a heartless man. After all, I’m someone who doesn’t even want his biological parents.” 
Joel’s relationship with his parents had always been bad. After Ian had chosen him to be the heir to the Smiths, he had stayed with Ian all these years and rarely interacted with his parents. 
Joel was a very straightforward and decisive person. Since he had already made the decision to pull no punches, he would not show any mercy anymore. Even if Tanya blamed him for it in the future, he would still get rid of the scourge for her today!
His expression was cold and there was no emotion in his eyes. He clearly looked like he was going to completely abandon Jill and the Joneses. 
Jill and Mr. Jones panicked for real when they saw him like this. 
Mr. Jones became furious and kicked Jill. “It’s all your goddamn fault!” 
Despite being kicked, Jill did not retaliate. Instead, she looked at Tanya and Joel furiously and asked, “Are the two of you really going to push us this far?” 
Tanya didn’t reply. 
Joel replied with a smile, “You’re mistaken. I didn’t force you to evade tax.” 
It was obvious that he wasn’t going to be persuaded otherwise! 
At once, Mr. Jones knew that he was finished. He glared at Jill huffily. “Goddamn it, if I am going to be finished, then I am definitely taking you to hell with me!” 
The look in Jill’s eyes became flustered at his words. 
Given what the two of them had done back then, if he spilled the beans, both of them would be doomed no matter what! 
Therefore, Jill mustn’t let him be detained! 
She yelled, “Tanya! Joel! If the two of you dare to give the evidence to the police, I will make a police report that Karl raped me!” 
Her words made Tanya’s eyes widen abruptly.
Jill stared at them and said, “I wonder how many years of imprisonment Karl will be sentenced to if a rape charge is added? Life imprisonment? Tanya, if you really hate me that much, then I will sue him!” 
Tanya and Joel, who didn’t expect Jill to be so shameless, frowned. 
All Karl had done was transport some bad guys into the country, so even if he was sentenced to jail, it would just be for two to three years. However, if Jill were to sue him and the rape charge was proven, then Karl’s sentence would increase by a lot more years! 
Despite that, Joel remained unmoved. “Do you have any evidence?” 
“Evidence?” Jill yelled furiously, “Tanya is the evidence! If the two of you don’t give me a way out, then even if I die, I will take her down with me!” 
Seeing that the atmosphere was more or less ready and that she was about to achieve her goal, Nora finally walked out slowly. She said with a smile, “Feel free to sue him, then.”
###Chapter 536
Chapter 536 Jill Is Not Tanya’s Mother!! 
Nora’s words made everyone present look at her in shock. 
Jill did not understand why she would suddenly say such a thing, but she still looked at Tanya angrily. “You don’t want your biological mother anymore? You don’t want your biological father either?! Tanya, I didn’t expect you to be such a heartless person!” 
Tanya frowned at her scolding. 
However, Nora just had to smile and say, “Of course she wants her biological father, but her biological mother… do you even qualify for that?” 
This sentence caused a huge commotion! 
Everyone present looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Even Tanya frowned and looked at Nora in confusion. 
Jill’s eyes flickered, but she did not think a girl would be able to tell anything. She cried and said, “How am I not? I spent 10 months pregnant and gave birth to her, but now, she doesn’t even recognize me as her mother? Yes, I didn’t treat her well, but I gave her life! That’s the eternal family tie!” 
The others nodded. “That’s right. It’s a debt for a parent to give their child life. Even if she doesn’t acknowledge this mother, she can’t sue her own mother…” 
“She’s too unfilial…”
When Jill heard that there were still people speaking up for her, she looked at Tanya. “Tanya, choose! If you dare let the police take your Uncle Jones away, I’ll report the matter to the police!” 
Nora had her hands behind her back. Her almond-shaped eyes jumped slightly. She looked at Jill as if she was looking at an idiot. “Didn’t I say it just now? Go ahead and sue him. You said that Karl raped you, but Karl said that he and you were truly in love. Tanya’s existence is solely the product of your love. Whoever reports him will have to be the witness. You have to produce reasonable evidence. Without evidence, it’s useless even if you sue her to the gods!” With that, she deliberately looked at Jill and said slowly, “When the time comes, you’ll be framed. You’ll have a good time in jail with Mr. Jones.” 
With that, she knocked her head with the DNA report in her hand. “Look at my memory. A man and a woman can’t be in the same prison, you two will have to separate… On the other hand, Karl only made a small mistake. He’ll be detained for only two years.” 
She frowned. “I remember that Uncle Karl is not very good-tempered. I think he wanted to…” 
At this point, she glanced at Jill. 
Then, she tsked and said coldly, “I wonder if Uncle Karl will let you off then?” 
These words made Jill shudder. 
She had never known that Karl would only be sentenced to two or three years. If that was the case, then after Karl was released two years later, her life would definitely not be good! 
When she thought of how Karl had once pointed a gun at her, Jill’s legs went limp. She immediately cursed, “I don’t have evidence of his rape, but back then, Karl was a gangster. He even took a life!”
Nora’s grip on the DNA result tightened slightly, but her voice was still filled with mockery. “Human life? How strange. If there was such a case, why didn’t the police know?” 
In order to confirm Karl’s crime, Jill shouted, “27 years ago, Karl once killed a person named Leonel! He was also wanted back then. He escaped from the country after that! Although more than 20 years have passed, he’s still a murderer! I saw him kill people back then with my own eyes!” 
Leonel… 
Nora frowned. 
She had watched Jill scold Tanya here, and watched as Joel was forced into a corner by Jill step by step. It was all to force her to say this! 
They had gone to investigate Karl but to no avail. 
However, if they investigated this case, they would definitely find some clues! 
If she had asked Jill nicely, Jill definitely would not have told them. That was why Nora decided to use this method! 
Now that her words had been dug out, she instantly stood up and could not be bothered to act anymore. Her expression returned to its usual coldness. 
Although Joel did not understand what his little sister had been doing just now, he sneered when he saw that she had stopped talking. He said to Jill, “Don’t you know that there are limits to cases? After the limit, old cases will not be dug out again!” He ignored Jill’s shocked expression and said to the police, “Now that we have our answers, please take her away!”
He handed the evidence of tax evasion to the police. 
The police were about to leave with Mr. Jones. “Wait!” 
“Wait!” 
Jill and Nora suddenly spoke at the same time. 
The two policemen turned back in shock. 
Jill glanced at Nora and sneered. “You’re afraid too, right? Let me tell you, Tanya, Joel, if you dare to sue your Uncle Jones, I’ll kill myself here today!” She looked at Tanya with hatred. “And you’d be the murderer who killed her own mother! You forced your mother to die!” 
Almost as soon as she finished speaking, Nora walked in front of the police. “Police officers, I want to report a case too.” 
The two policemen were stunned. “Who are you suing?” 
Nora raised the DNA report in her hand. “I want to sue Jill! She is not Tanya’s mother!”
###Chapter 537
Chapter 537 Fake Face! 
Her words stirred up a thousand waves. The people outside looked at Nora in surprise. 
Joel and Tanya’s eyes widened as well. The two of them looked at each other. Tanya was at a loss. Joel stepped forward and asked, “Nora, what’s going on?” 
Nora did not hand the DNA report to the police. Instead, she dragged her feet and walked to Tanya, and handed it to her. 
Her almond-shaped eyes were filled with pity. She sighed. “Jill is not your mother. No, I should say that the person standing in front of everyone is not Tanya’s mother!” Tanya had already done a DNA test with Karl last time, so she already knew what the DNA test report looked like. 
When she heard this, she still opened the report in her hand in disbelief. 
When she saw that their DNA was only 30% similar, she was stunned. 
Jill was not her mother. 
She was not her mother. 
This thought made Tanya swallow hard. She raised her head again and looked at Nora. 
Her lips trembled as she asked, “Nora, what’s going on?” 
Her eyes were already filled with tears. 
Since she was young, Jill had always said to her
– 
“I’m your mother. Can I hurt you?” 
“I’m your mother. No matter what I do to you, I’ve given you this life, and you owe me!” 
“I’m just biased toward Hillary. You owe me this! I’m your mother, so you have to support me in my old age!” 
She had had enough of all the moral abductions and accusations from the people around her. She had always wondered what mistake she had made to make her mother hate her so much. 
However, she had never thought that Jill was not her mother at all. 
At this moment, there was no anger from being deceived in the depths of her heart. There was no surprise now that she knew the truth. All she had was a relaxed feeling from the depths of her soul. 
as a 
Yes. 
She heaved a sigh of relief. 
She was not an annoying child, much less a child that even her own mother did not like. 
Tanya’s eyes turned red. Since she was young, she had always wanted to ask why she did not like her, but at this moment, she seemed to have received the answer she had wanted for so long This left her in a daze. She did not even want to ask… 
It was only when Joel spoke that Tanya looked at Nora.
Before Nora could say anything, Jill, who was shocked by Nora’s words, had already shouted, “You’re talking nonsense! You’re talking nonsense here! I’m her mother!” 
Nora pointed at the DNA report in Tanya’s hand. “The evidence is right here. Are you still not going to admit it?” 
Jill’s eyes were in a daze, and her expression was extremely ugly. She panicked and refused to admit it. “Your report is definitely fake!” 
However, Joel explained, “This report was produced by the National Detection Center. Its authenticity is absolutely reliable!” 
Jill swallowed hard and looked at the people around her. Suddenly, she pointed at her face and said, “Everyone, come and judge. You say I’m not her mother? Then how can I look so similar to her?! Even Hillary and I aren’t as similar!” 
Jill was not actually ugly. Tanya was 60% similar to her but was even more beautiful. 
However, Hillary looked ordinary. From the looks of it, Jill looked more like Tanya’s mother than Hillary’s. If Nora had said that Hillary was not Jill’s child, people might have believed her more. 
Therefore, everyone said, 
“That’s right. I think they look alike too!” 
“Tanya and Jill’s eyes are the same. How can they not be mother and daughter?” “Even if they’re not mother and daughter, they should be family. After all, they look so similar. But why is the DNA similarity only 30% in this report?”
The people around them discussed softly. Even if the DNA report was true, they trusted their eyes more. 
When Jill heard this, she suppressed her panic and said, “Yes, just by the looks, Tanya and I can confirm that we’re biological mother and daughter! There’s definitely something wrong with your report! Don’t try to brush us off with such a report!” 
When this was said, everyone looked at Nora. 
Some people also felt that the report was fake… 
“With the Smiths and Hunts’ power, it shouldn’t be difficult to fake a DNA report, right?” “In order to draw the line with Jill, is the Smith family creating a lie?” 
“Jill is really too much of a mess. How many times has she forced her biological daughter like this? But the way they falsified the DNA report is too low.” 
Jill felt a little smug. Her eyes were even colder, but she still found a way out for the two of them. “Tanya, look at your face. You completely inherited my strengths to be so good-looking. Now, you can’t deny that you’re related to me by blood, right? The report can be fake, but can your face be fake?!” 
Tanya frowned. She was too similar to Jill. Then why did Nora say that they were not mother and daughter? 
She then came back to her senses and looked at Nora. She asked, “What’s going on?” 
Nora’s expression was still light. She was very slow and calm. 
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a white T-shirt. As she looked at the sun, her straight black hair was casually draped behind her back. When she saw that everyone was looking at her, her lips curled up slightly as she slowly said, “Of course you can fake your face.”
###Chapter 538
Chapter 538 The Truth!! 
Everyone was shocked. 
Everyone’s eyes swept across Tanya and Jill’s faces. 
Her face could be fake… With the current plastic surgery skills, of course she could fake it! 
Everyone had watched her grow up. She had always been like that since she was young. Everyone knew if she had changed her face or not. But as for plastic surgery… 
Everyone looked at Jill. 
Jill’s eyes became even more flustered. 
She had vowed earlier that the DNA report was fake because she thought that Nora and Tanya could only compare their DNA. She had relied on her face to pretend that the report was fake. But now, she understood. 
Nora clearly knew more! 
When Tanya heard Nora’s words, she was even more stunned. On her beautiful face, her eyes looked at Nora in shock. “You mean… she did plastic surgery according to look like my mother?” 
Jill stared at Nora, wanting to know what she would say next. 
She felt as if all the warmth in her body had dissipated at this moment. 
She swallowed, still holding onto some hope. Then, she saw the girl standing there and said coldly, “She replaced your mother.” Her words made Jill’s legs weaken and she fell to the ground.
She knew. 
She really knew everything! 
But how did she know?! 
Nora knew that everyone was very curious. She originally wanted to explain everything in one breath, but she did not expect her to suddenly open her mouth and yawn. 
Everyone was speechless. 
Nora also felt that she was a little too much. At such a high energy moment, how could she suddenly be sleepy? 
Her voice became even hoarser as she said slowly, “She’s not Jill. The real Jill passed away 25 years ago!” 
Jill shook her head crazily and roared at her, “No, this isn’t true. You, you’re talking nonsense! This is a story you made up! You have no evidence!” 
Nora sneered. “How do you know I don’t have evidence? Jill… Oh, wait, should I say Margot?” 
Jill… No, it should be Margot. She was even more flustered when Nora said her real name. Her body trembled slightly. 
She wanted to say something, but when she opened her mouth, it was as if her throat was blocked. She was speechless. 
She was really too shocked and afraid. 
She had never thought that Nora would really investigate her this thoroughly!
A voice suddenly came from the crowd. “Margot? Oh my god, I’ve heard of this person!” 
“Where did you hear that?” 
“When we were young, she was in the papers. She and the person she mentioned earlier… Yes, Leonel, they were a couple! I remember now. Back then, after Karl killed Leonel, his wife fled for her life and ran on the streets in a panic. She bumped into the police and said that Karl had killed someone. Then, the police captured Karl. I heard that Margot was killed a year later. She died very tragically, and her face was disfigured. The police only confirmed her identity with an identification document. Everyone said that Karl had returned to kill her again… Isn’t she dead?” 
IIII 
No one was stupid. Hearing what this person had said, everyone was stunned for a moment before realizing something. 
no 
Everyone looked at Margot and took a step back in shock. 
Tanya’s mind was in a mess. She looked at the person, who had just spoken, in disbelief. She suddenly realized something and her eyes turned red. “The person who died… was my mother, Jill?!” 
Nora nodded. “Yes. Back then, Karl did not kill anyone. It was Margot who had an affair and got pregnant. After Leonel discovered this, Margot went all out and killed him! However, Karl happened to see her. Margot could only blame him at that time and even stabbed herself. She told the police that Karl had killed someone.”
“At that time, Karl had escaped and inadvertently confirmed his crime. However, Karl had more friends in the underworld. Everyone believed his words, so they began to harass Margot. They even said that if she didn’t turn herself in, she would really die! At that moment, Margot incidentally bumped into Karl’s girlfriend, Jill, who is also Tanya’s mother… She began to devise a plan. 
After she and Jill gave birth, she schemed to kill Jill and undergo plastic surgery to look like Jill to marry her adulterer, Mr. Jones! 
“As for Tanya… She didn’t kill her because everyone knew that Jill was pregnant. And she didn’t want her biological daughter to become an illegitimate daughter. Therefore, she left Tanya behind and forged Hillary’s birth date, making Hillary the true young mistress of the Joneses!” 
All of this was heard by Nora through Margot and Mr. Jones’s fight the other day. After combining the bits and pieces, Nora formed a complete logical chain! 
When she saw Margot’s pale face and Mr. Jones, who had collapsed to the ground in fear, she knew that her reasoning was perfect. 
Although the recording of their eavesdropping could not be used as evidence, after finding out what had happened back then, Nora had already found all kinds of evidence. 
And she submitted it to the police. 
After Nora slowly described what happened back then, the entire place became silent. 
A voice suddenly sounded. “Back then, someone even said that Margot was killed to avenge her husband. She and her husband were very close… I even shed a few tears for her, but I didn’t expect the truth to be so cruel!” 
Tanya’s eyes were already red from anger as she glared at Margot.
Margot had framed her biological father and even killed her mother. She had even enslaved her for 26 years!! 
Tanya trembled in anger. 
She suddenly screamed and rushed to Margot. She raised her hands and attacked! 
“Pisk!” 
The crisp sound of a slap rang in everyone’s ears. The people around frowned. 
Some people even sighed deeply. 
The two policemen waited for Tanya to slap her more than twenty times. When Margot’s face was clearly swollen, they stepped forward and stopped her. “Alright, you’re not allowed to fight.” 
They also wanted to do things professionally, really! However, they had suddenly felt a little dizzy and could not vent their anger! Therefore, they had given the victim the chance to beat the criminal! That was it! 
Tanya was pulled away. 
Her palm was swollen from the slaps, but she still felt that she had not vented her anger for the past 26 years. 
Joel said, “You have to believe in the law.” 
Tanya covered her head and slowly squatted down. She cried in pain again.
Margot, whose eyes were swollen from the slaps, looked at her and wiped the corner of her mouth before spitting out a mouthful of blood. 
Perhaps she knew that she was done for, so she stopped pretending. She stared at Tanya and sneered. “You can only consider yourself unlucky! Who asked your father to see through me?! Haha, I did so many bad things, and my daughter received retribution. When she died, I didn’t want to live anymore! But it doesn’t matter if I die. Your father also broke the law! He has to go to jail! He can’t even attend his daughter’s wedding. Your family deserves to have a bad ending! Hahahaha!”
###Chapter 539
Chapter 539 Karl’s Choice! 
Margot hated Karl. 
Leonel and Karl were both gangsters back then. They did not do much work and gambled every day. She was sent to Jones’ bed by Leonel to get some money. 
Mr. Jones was rich and liked her body. The two of them were often together. 
However, every time Leonel took the money and asked her to sleep with him, he would beat her up. Later on, when he realized that she was pregnant… Leonel would get her to ask Mr. Jones for a huge sum of money! 
Only then did Margot kill him ruthlessly. At that time, she did not have any hostility toward Karl. However, it was strange that Karl had bumped into her murder scene! 
Margot still remembered that she had turned around happily after killing Leonel, only to be scared out of her wits when she saw Karl. 
She begged him to pretend that he had not seen any of it. 
However, when Karl saw Leonel die, he said, “Margot, turn yourself in. I believe the law will treat you gently!” 
However, she then stabbed the knife into her own arm. 
She was covered in blood as she walked past Karl. She was also doing this for her own happiness. She was pregnant. She could not go to jail!
She ran into the street and shouted, “Murder! Murder!” 
Karl chased after her. “Margot, don’t be like this. Go surrender yourself!” Then, she bumped into the traffic police. She said that Karl had killed someone. 
As a hooligan, Karl always had some criminal records on him. If he ran away, he would be confirmed as a murderer. 
Margot thought that she would be able to rest easy from now on. She even wanted to have a child and marry Mr. Jones. 
However, Mr. Jones said that he could not marry her. Her status was too low, and she was even married. If the two of them got married, the police would suspect them of Leonel’s murder. 
She had endured it silently and finally gave birth to Hillary. 
Then, Jill came looking for her. She carried the child who had been born just two days ago and knocked on her door. “Margot, where did Karl go? He can’t have killed anyone, right? Can you tell me? Where did he go?” 
Margot stared at her beautiful face. 
Mr. Jones always said that she was not beautiful enough to marry him. Jill cried and wanted to look for the police to investigate the case again. Margot was afraid. Therefore, she went all out and killed Jill. 
After killing her, Margot stared at that face. 
Karl’s murder case had not been closed yet. The police were already suspecting her, but what if Margot was also killed? 
Margot then cut open Jill’s face and forced Mr. Jones to bring her for plastic surgery. From then on, she lived with Jill’s identity.
As for Tanya… 
She had originally wanted everyone to know that Jill had given birth. She did not want her daughter to become an illegitimate daughter and a murderer’s child. 
Therefore, she left Tanya behind and forged Hillary’s birth date. From then on, she had always wanted Tanya to die. 
When she was young, she had even deliberately locked her in the toilet to starve for four days. The family went out for a holiday. 
When she returned, she thought that she would see her corpse, but the little girl was still alive at her last gasp. She was like wild grass with such tenacious vitality. 
Margot and Mr. Jones were taken away by the police. 
With Nora’s statement and some evidence provided, Margot’s murder charge was confirmed. What awaited her would be life imprisonment and the dark days in prison. 
A shocking conspiracy was easily exposed by Nora. 
Furthermore, the so-called murderer’s father had already been cleared of suspicion. Tanya was no longer a murderer’s daughter. The people who had come to the Smiths to give gifts finally faced Tanya more sincerely. Everyone gave their gifts and left. 
The room finally quietened down after everyone left. 
Tanya was in a daze while Joel sat beside her and comforted her softly. Mia looked up and teased Tanya. “Mommy, can I dance for you? Don’t be sad. I’ll help you hit bad Grandma…”
Tanya hugged Mia. 
However, Cherry’s eyes were as big as black grapes. The game on the phone had not started yet, but she said, “God-mom, you should be happy. After all, it’s not that your mother doesn’t love you, but she’s not your mother at all! Can you be happy? Why don’t I share the handsome guys I have with you?” 
Nora: “?” 
Joel: “” 
Pete: “?!” 
Pete pulled a long face and scolded, “Cheryl Smith! How many times have I told you not to keep in contact with Brenda anymore? Otherwise, I’ll tell the tyrant!” 
Cherry stuck her tongue out at him. “Pete, you can’t be the tattler!” 
The sky gradually darkened. 
Nora sat on the sofa, but she still felt a little uneasy. 
At 10 PM, when she had finished showering and was about to sleep and then wake up early the next day for Tanya’s wedding, her phone suddenly rang. 
She picked up the call and Morris’s voice came from the other end. “Karl has escaped.” 
Nora: “” 
She did not speak for a moment, but Morris said in a deep voice, “Breaking out of prison will add to his crime! He could have been sentenced to two to three years, but now, he’ll be sentenced to at least five
years!” 
At the same time, in the dark suburbs, a helicopter was parked. 
Black Panther looked at Karl and said, “Boss, let’s go! They must be looking for you everywhere!” 
After leaving, they would be free!
###Chapter 540
Chapter 540 Q’s Habit 
Karl stood there, staring downtown. 
The sky in New York was gray and heavy. The foggy sky seemed covered in a layer of gray gauze. But at this moment, such weather was nostalgic in Karl’s eyes. 
Because his daughter was there. 
As he was staring, his phone suddenly rang. He picked up the call and a voice came from the other end. “Aren’t you going to leave?” Karl was silent for a moment before saying, “If I leave like this, I’ll never be able to come back!” 
Escaping from prison added to his crime. 
He could even be killed during the capture! 
The other party sneered. “You shouldn’t have come back in the first place. You just have to complete the mission and bring those people back. Why are you interfering? Have you forgotten about your murder case?” A hint of coldness appeared in Karl’s dark eyes. “But now, the truth of my murder has been revealed. I’m not the murderer!” 
“It’s too late! You’re already on this road. There’s no turning back. Go abroad immediately and wait for my orders.” 
Karl took a deep breath. After a moment, he said, “Okay.” 
–
“Once he flees, he’ll be a fugitive if he comes back. He probably won’t be able to return to the country for the rest of his life!” Morris was still talking. “Besides, this case itself has a lot of suspicious points. If he leaves like this, he’ll be associated with the mysterious organization forever. Perhaps New York will also be hostile to the Assassin Alliance in the future!” 
Nora: “…” 
She hesitated for a moment before finally saying, “Is it that easy to get past the prison of the special department?” 
IIII 
Morris felt offended! 
He coughed and explained, “Our prison is invincible. Even a cannon won’t blast open the door.” 
Nora asked, “Then how did he escape?” 
Morris sighed. “He got the key.” 
“…” Nora was speechless again. Then, she shook her head and said, “How long had it been since he escaped until you found out?” 
Morris was silent again. “Five hours.” 
“…” Nora pursed her lips. “Five hours. You didn’t notice?” 
Morris knew that Nora did not mean to look down on him, but he still felt a little hurt in his heart. He coughed and said, “Some surveillance cameras were replaced by the ones in front, so no one realized that he had escaped. I thought about his daughter’s wedding tomorrow, so I wanted to use that as a breakthrough and persuade him again. I only realized he was not inside when I pushed open the door.” Nora held her chin and continued, “Alright, then I understand. There are spies in the special department.”
Morris did not answer yes or no, which meant that he was probably suspicious as well. 
After a while, Morris said, “We’ll set up a surveillance camera around Tanya tomorrow. Do you think he’ll come?” 
Nora was silent for a moment. After a while, she sighed. “I don’t know.” She really could not tell which was more important between Karl’s life and his daughter’s wedding. 
She hung up and lay on the bed. 
After thinking about it for a while, she sent Justin a message: “Help me hack into the system and investigate Leonel’s case.” 
Justin called her immediately. When she picked it up, she could hear the sound of typing on the keyboard. The man chuckled and said, “Why don’t you do it yourself?” 
Nora yawned. “I’m tired.” 
Justin nodded. 
Then, he hacked into the system. After two minutes, he said, “There are no records.” 
Leonel’s case was public knowledge, so why were there no records? 
Nora frowned and was in thought when Justin said, “Oh no.” Nora was taken aback. “What’s the matter?” Justin coughed. “I was discovered.” Nora: “?” 
How could Y be discovered?
As she was thinking, she heard Justin say, “Last time, the two of us hacked into it. We probably accidentally triggered something. The hackers from the special department targeted us. I was in a hurry to find the answer earlier and didn’t notice it. Now, the other party has established a passageway to chat with me. He asked me who I am.” 
Nora: “?” 
She hesitated for a moment and asked, “Then what did you say?” 
Justin chuckled. “I said, I’m Q.” 
Nora: “!!” 
Why did she have to take the rap?! 
She grimaced. “And?” 
Justin laughed again. “He’s recruiting me and wants me to work for the special department.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her mouth twitched. Before she could ask, Justin said again, “I rejected him.” 
Nora responded with an “oh”. Then, she heard the man opposite her laugh softly. Nora asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Justin smirked. “It’s nothing.” 
His tone was filled with mockery. 
Nora ignored him. “Stop talking. You exposed your identity. I won’t bail you out when they catch you.”
Justin laughed. “Don’t worry. If I’m caught, I’ll be Q and you’ll be Y.” 
With Q and Y’s identities, could they still play with each other like this? 
Nora did not bother with him anymore and hung up the phone. 
The next day was Tanya and Joel’s wedding. 
The wedding was held at the New York Grand Hotel. The Smiths had booked the entire hotel. Although Tanya kept saying that she did not want to hold a grand wedding, Joel did not agree. He even increased the scale of the wedding after discussing it with Karl. 
The hotel had originally been booked by someone. Joel had to pay 10 times the price to snatch it from someone else. Of course, this was not important. 
The important thing was… 
It was rare for Nora to wake up early!! The wedding was held at noon, so Tanya had to wake up at six o’clock to put on makeup, change her clothes, and prepare to go to the hotel. Nora’s mission today was to accompany her the entire time. 
After the alarm she had set rang three times, she got out of bed lazily and walked out with narrowed eyes. 
As soon as she went out, she saw Joel standing at the door, looking at her with a faint smile. 
Nora was taken aback. “What’s the matter?”
Joel said, “The special department called me last night and wanted to get Q’s contact details from me. I said she was overseas. The special department kept saying they wanted to recruit an expert hacker like Q and asked me if there was anything else that could convince her, other than that fetish…” 
Nora: “!” 
She asked curiously, “What fetish?” 
What did Justin say yesterday?! 
Joel looked at her and chuckled. “Yeah, I asked this question too. Then, they replied that…”
###Chapter 541
Chapter 541 The Wedding!! 
Joel deliberately paused. It was only after Nora raised her eyes that he finally said, “Q said he won’t leave the Hacker Alliance because there’s someone in there he loves deeply-he can’t live without Y.” 
Nora: “!!!” 
Joel leaned into her ear and said, “So, the reason why you still haven’t accepted Mr. Hunt, as well as why you don’t take much initiative in this relationship is that… you have someone else you like?” 
Nora: “” 
Joel sighed. “Out of everyone you could like, why do you have to like Y, though? Don’t you know that Y is the Hunt Corporation’s exclusive hacker and that he is on very good terms with Justin? They all say that he may be Justin’s secret brother. Nora, you’d better not make the two brothers turn against each other.” 
Nora couldn’t be bothered to pay any attention to Joel’s teasing. She asked, “Is the groom that free today?” 
Joel laughed and said, “Alright, I’m just checking if Mia has woken up yet. I’m going.” After he left, Nora shook her head. 
Then, she went to Tanya’s dressing room and watched Tanya put on her wedding gown. Nora also wore a white bridesmaid’s dress. 
She didn’t put on any makeup. Her eyes and brows were light and simple, and her almond-shaped eyes docile. 
At first glance, everyone would be attracted by Tanya next to her-after all, she was the bride. But once one looked over, even though Nora didn’t put on any makeup, she was still an existence impossible to ignore. 
At 8:28 in the morning, Tanya was picked up by the bridal car. At about ten o’clock, she entered the hotel. 
The hotel was jam-packed with people. 
Nora accompanied Tanya to the lounge, where the latter would touch up her makeup depending on the situation. Once it was twelve o’clock, the wedding would begin! When Nora entered the lounge, she looked around and found several undercover officers that the special department had dispatched. 
She broke into a frown. 
In this instant, she actually hoped that Karl would not come. 
But when she looked at the strained smile on Tanya’s face, she couldn’t help but sigh. 
Tanya sat at the vanity table and stared at the woman with exquisite makeup on in the mirror. In her eyes, however, was deep sorrow. 
The day before, when Jill… no, Margot, the fake Jill, was taken away, it finally sank in that her mother had already passed away back then. 
And her father… after being wronged for so many years, left with no other choice, had finally embarked on the path of crime. 
Amid the silence, soft whispers suddenly drifted over from the door. 
“Have you heard? Karl has escaped from prison! He has escaped again!”
“Sigh, if he hadn’t escaped back then, maybe Jill wouldn’t have died, and Tanya wouldn’t have led such a miserable life when she was a child…” 
“Yeah. Besides, his crime isn’t that serious in the first place this time. Breaking out of prison like that, he’ll probably never return to the States again, right? Why would he do that?” “Why wouldn’t he? The way I see it, it’s a good idea! He has been living in Switzerland all this time and has never come back all these years anyway. I reckon he has a lot of money all saved up. If he is imprisoned, how is he going to squander all that money?” 
“… That’s true, but he is too selfish if he does that.” 
“He probably doesn’t want his daughter anymore, right? I heard that he gave his daughter a huge sum of money?” “What’s the use of having so much money? Are people like us short of money? Tanya is really pitiful, though. She really doesn’t have even a single person from her own family anymore.” 
The voices gradually faded into the distance and the room became quiet. 
Tanya suddenly said, “Say, Nora, how nice would it have been if he hadn’t escaped back then?” 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
She knew that Tanya was a little resentful toward Karl at this instant. 
If one thought about it carefully, Karl had indeed let Jill down. 
He was obviously in a relationship with Jill, yet he had just upped and left without taking any responsibility. Neither had he told Jill about his whereabouts, which led to Jill approaching Margot and losing her life. 
If he hadn’t killed anyone, he should have trusted the police.
Tanya lowered her head. “He had even persuaded Margot to surrender, so why did he refuse to trust the law himself? He was a coward!” 
She covered her face with her hands. 
Nora sighed and put her hand on Tanya’s shoulder. 
Tanya raised her head again. “He had already made a mistake once back then, yet he still ran away again this time…” 
Nora sighed silently. 
To be honest, if Karl had obediently gone to jail, Tanya might not have been so angry. However, Karl’s second escape made her very uncomfortable. 
He was being a coward again! 
Nora said, “Perhaps he has his own difficulties.” 
Tanya scoffed, “I don’t understand, what kind of difficulties could have made him abandon my mother back then? And what about now? What kind of difficulty could he be facing?” 
Nora did not say anything. 
Someone knocked on the door at this point, and then a middle-aged couple walked in. At the sight of them, Tanya hurriedly got up and dabbed at the corners of her eyes with her head down. 
Nora looked at the couple. 
The woman was pretty and delicate while the man was calm and steady. He looked a little like Ian. 
After the two entered, the woman spoke first. She said, “Hello, I am Joel’s mother.”
Tanya hurriedly greeted her respectfully. “Hello, auntie.” 
The woman nodded in a distant manner. 
As for Nora, enlightenment suddenly dawned upon her. 
They were Joel’s parents! So, that made them her uncle and aunt? 
After Ian inherited the Smiths, everyone in the same generation as Ian had moved out one after another, leaving only the young ones in the manor. 
Joel had grown up under Ian’s care and was not close to his parents. 
Joel’s mother said indifferently, “Today is your wedding with Joel, so we’ve come. Well, some things are hard to say at the wedding, so I can only come over to speak with you in private.” 
Tanya was very respectful. “Please, go ahead.” 
Joel’s mother lowered her head and a look of disdain appeared in her eyes. She said, “We all know your background…” 
Tanya bit her lip. 
Joel’s mother went on. “We will not fault you for having an ordinary person as your mother and a criminal as your father, but I hope you can let us take Mia and bring her up.” 
As soon as she said that, Tanya’s eyes widened and she said, “No, you can’t!” 
The moment she said that, Joel’s father snorted and sneered, “Why not? Can someone like you bring up a child well? We won’t allow you to groom the third generation of the Smiths into good-for-nothings!”
Joel’s mother was surprisingly gentle as she said, “Don’t get us wrong, Tanya, he doesn’t mean anything wrong. It’s just that your father is ultimately a very unsavory man. Now that he has even escaped from prison and become the talk of the town, we are just worried that Mia will be negatively impacted…” 
Tanya clenched her fists. 
A sense of shame surged up in her. She stared at the two people in front of her, never expecting that her in-laws would say such things.
###Chapter 542
Chapter 542 Giving Her Hand Away!! 
Tanya was shaking. “What’s wrong with my father? He was wronged back then. He was forced into his current situation!” 
Even though she was complaining about him just now, she couldn’t help but defend him when others badmouthed him. 
Joel’s mother sighed and said, “Don’t be so averse to us. We are Mia’s grandparents, we won’t harm her.” 
Pretty much right after she said that, though, an icy-cold voice came from the door. “The two of you don’t have to worry yourselves about this.” 
Joel strode in. 
The man, who had always been a wolf in sheep’s clothing, didn’t have a smile on his face at the moment. He looked at the couple in front of him very coldly and said, “Neither are you two Mia’s grandparents.” 
At the sight of Joel, the couple looked a little flustered. 
Joel’s mother sighed and said, “Joel, you can’t say that…” 
Joel raised his eyebrows. “Didn’t the two of you already say so back when I was five? That you don’t want a son like me anymore! That you’re severing ties with me! You even wanted to kick me out of the Smiths at that time… If it weren’t for Uncle Ian, I’d probably have already starved to death.” 
Joel’s father suddenly shouted angrily, “Watch the way you’re talking to us! No matter what, we are still your parents!”
Joel chuckled. He sounded a little sarcastic as he repeated, “Parents?” 
His words made both his father and mother shut up. 
Nora looked at them. 
Although she had heard from Louis a long time ago that Joel didn’t get along with his parents, she hadn’t expected it to be this bad. 
What exactly did they do to Joel to make him dislike them so much? To the extent that he would even mock them for calling themselves his parents? 
Was he saying that despite being their son, they didn’t even treat him as well as Ian, who had adopted him? 
While she was wondering, Joel’s mother said, “Joel, you’d better not be so ungrateful! If it weren’t for us, you would never be what you are today! Let alone inherit the Smiths!” 
Joel smiled. “It’s Uncle Ian who agreed to me inheriting the Smiths, not the two of you.” 
His words made both his parents choke. 
Joel narrowed his fox-like eyes. “If you don’t want me to get angry, then please leave and live your own lives. Don’t ever attempt to dictate mine.” 
His threat made his father choke. Then, he snorted, turned, and went out. 
Joel’s mother took a deep breath and said, “Do you think I want to meddle in your affairs that much? You have no idea how many people out there secretly look down on that woman you’re marrying! Everyone is saying that she doesn’t even have an elder to give her hand away today! This wedding is no different from a joke!”
She raised her chin and said, “Doesn’t matter if you acknowledge us or not, I won’t attend such a wedding. I will never accept a daughter-in-law whose father is a criminal! Goodbye!” 
When Nora craned her neck, she saw the woman saying something to her husband. Then, the two of them left the place for real. 
As parents, they weren’t even going to attend their son’s wedding? 
What weirdos. 
Nora frowned. 
Joel had already walked behind Tanya and was holding her shoulders. 
Tanya was still shaking and there was sadness in her eyes. She suddenly asked, “Did I embarrass you?” 
Joel hurriedly replied, “Why would you? Don’t talk nonsense. Don’t worry, I have already made all the arrangements for the wedding.” 
“… But they are all gossiping in private…” Joel sneered, “Do you know why they only dare to say those things in private?”. 
“Why?” 
“Because they don’t dare to say it in front of me!” Joel said coldly and seriously, “Who would dare to badmouth you in front of me? And how would they dare to talk nonsense in front of you? Aren’t they afraid that Mrs. Smith would get angry and make them bankrupt overnight?” 
“Pfft!”
His words made Tanya laugh. 
Joel was about to say more when the door was pushed open. Justin strode in. He was here as the best man today. 
He stood beside Joel and slowly said, “Mr. Rogers has called it quits.” Mr. Rogers was a middle-aged man with a lot of prestige to his name in New York. The few of them had approached him to ask him to give Tanya’s hand away today. After all, without a father to give her hand away, the wedding would seem incomplete. 
But why had he suddenly called it quits? 
Joel’s brows drew together. “What happened?” 
Justin looked at Tanya and sighed. “Those people outside are saying rather unpleasant things. Mr. Rogers overheard them and left in anger.” 
Then, his jaw tensed up and he said, “Unfortunately, I don’t have any reliable elders. The main issue, though, is that the wedding is about to start. There are only ten minutes left.” Joel also clenched his fists. Just as the few of them were at a loss as to who to invite over at the last minute, Nora slowly said, “I’ll give her hand away!” 
The two of them looked at her in unison. 
Nora walked over to Tanya and said, “Tanya and I were already disapproving of asking Mr. Rogers to do it when you guys asked him to. I am Tanya’s one and only best friend. Now that she is getting married, I will give her hand away! From now on, I will be Tanya’s family!” 
There was a moment of silence in the room. 
A brief moment later, Joel gave the final word. “Okay!”
He looked at Tanya and smiled. “I was just in denial when I approached Mr. Rogers. I can’t shut those people up anyway. In that case, why should we let others control us? It’s our wedding today, I only want the people closest to us to bear witness to our love!” 
Tanya’s eyes were red. She nodded heavily and said, “Yeah!” 
The wedding began. 
After the lounge was opened, Nora held Tanya as she stood at the door, where there would be a red carpet leading to the stage where Tanya would meet with Joel. 
As soon as the two of them appeared, a buzz went through the crowd. 
“What’s going on? Why isn’t there anyone giving away the bride’s hand in marriage?” 
“Her father escaped from prison. Of course there wouldn’t be anyone!” 
“Isn’t a wedding like this a little too weird?” 
“Yeah… I also heard that Tanya isn’t even bringing anything with her into the marriage. All her father gave her was a bank card. How much money can there be inside!” 
“The two families are not a good match! That must have been some sheer dumb luck for Tanya to be able to marry Mr. Smith!” “To tell the truth, although Hillary Jones is not that great either, she is ultimately still the precious young lady of the Joneses. Back then, when she got engaged to Mr. Smith, the Joneses gave them a full 30% of their company shares! In comparison, Tanya is really pitiful…” 
IIII 
Everyone’s comments reached Tanya’s ears.
Tanya clenched her fists. 
She looked at the red carpet ahead and suddenly thought of Karl. 
The man was crude but meticulous. 
Although she knew that he had escaped from prison, Tanya still wanted to record the wedding and show it to him in the future. 
She took a deep breath. 
She knew that without corresponding social status and without having a family with enough power to contend with the Smiths, life would be very hard for her in the future after she married Joel. 
But she was not afraid. 
She stretched out her hand, upon which a large warm hand enveloped it. 
Tanya was taken aback. When did Nora’s hands become so rough? 
She turned her head and looked over…
###Chapter 543
Chapter 543 Karl Has Come!! 
… only to see Karl standing next to her. 
He was wearing the dark red suit that he had tried on the other day, and he was beaming. He had a naive and ingratiating smile on his face. 
He looked at Tanya and smiled. “I’ve come, Tanya.” Tanya’s eyes instantly reddened. She grabbed Karl’s hand tightly but noticed that he was holding a small silver pistol in his other hand. The gun was pointed at Nora. He didn’t say anything, but the undercover officers hiding in the crowd did not dare to step forward. 
Tanya was shocked. “Dad, what are you doing?” A smile appeared on Karl’s face when he heard her call him “Dad”. He said, “Don’t worry, she is your best friend, I would never hurt her. It’s just that I have to do this to see your wedding to the end.” 
Nora understood, though. She stood there lazily, fearless of the silver pistol pointed right at her. 
Because… there weren’t any bullets in the gun. 
That was just a toy gun that Karl played with. As Black Cat, she had even once mocked Karl about it. However, Karl had said, “This gun can be used to threaten people! What do you guys know?” 
And now, it really was being used to threaten people. 
She stood where she was calmly and turned her head to look over. Sure enough, Morris had already taken a step forward. Karl, however, grinned and said, “Captain Ford, I’d advise you not to move. I just want to see my daughter’s wedding to the end. I’m sure you guys will agree to it, right?” 
Morris clenched his jaw. 
Nora raised her brows and said lazily, “Captain Ford, I don’t wanna die.” 
Everyone was rather speechless when they saw her reaction. For some reason, despite her saying things like ‘she didn’t want to die’ as though she was scared, she couldn’t even be bothered to look like she was in fear and trepidation. 
In the crowd, even Justin’s lip corners couldn’t help but spasm. 
Why was his girl too lazy to even act? She was simply… so cute. 
Morris held his earphone over his ear and said into it, “Everyone, remain on standby. Don’t mess around!” 
His words immediately calmed all the other undercover officers. 
Karl offered Tanya his arm and allowed her to hold it. 
Tears were rolling down Tanya’s cheeks. 
She didn’t know what to say. From the red carpet at the entrance to the stage in the distance, there was a total distance of two hundred meters. 
Joel was standing in the middle of the red carpet and waiting for her. 
Karl walked forward with her step by step. He said in a rather flustered manner, “Don’t cry, Tanya! Dad’s fine…” 
The crying Tanya asked, “Did you escape from prison just to attend my wedding? Don’t you know that by doing that, another charge will be added to your crimes? You only needed to be in jail for two or three years, but now you’ll have to be in there for five years!”
Karl grinned and said, “I’m tough and sturdy. Five years is just right. Three years aren’t enough for me to do anything in prison at all.” 
Tanya’s lips were still pressed together tightly. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she said, “Mom was killed by Margot.” “I know. Don’t worry, I won’t let her off,” replied Karl coldly. Then, he sighed and said, “I’ve already let your mother down once, Tanya, I can’t let you down too. I hope you can be the happiest bride today.” 
Tanya was choking from her sobs. 
Nora, who was ‘being held at gunpoint’ by Karl, walked leisurely beside the two of them. She heaved a silent sigh as she watched them. She glanced at the crowd, only to find that Ian was actually sitting in the first row and silently tearing up. 
In addition, as he cried, he even glanced at her as though he had sensed her looking at him. 
Nora: “…” 
Excuse me! 
Your status as a big boss in the world of commerce has shattered! 
Right at this moment, a cold and unfamiliar voice suddenly rang out in the earphones: “Karl Moore has broken out of prison. He is armed and threatening the safety of the hostage. The sniper is ready and on standby. Permission granted to kill the target if necessary! 
“I repeat, as part of the Assassin Alliance, Karl Moore is a cruel and vicious man. For the hostage’s safety, as well as the safety of everyone present, permission has been granted to shoot and kill the target whenever necessary!”
“Sniper, get ready!” 
Together with the voice, another slightly younger voice also rang out in Nora’s ear: 
“Nightingale ready!” 
Nora’s eyes suddenly darkened. 
Morris held his hand over his ear. “Sir, no! The suspect has no plans to shoot!” 
The person whom Morris had addressed as “sir” sneered, “How would you know if he has plans to shoot or not? Besides, his hostage’s life is in danger! Sniper, fire at once! This is an order!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Morris wanted to say more, but the sniper had already answered. 
Nora frowned. Only then did she realize that Morris actually wasn’t the boss of the special department. Well, that made sense, though. He was only 25 to 26 years old; no matter how fast he rose through the ranks, there was no way he could control the entire special department. 
Gunning down Karl, though? 
If that happened, Tanya’s wedding would turn straight into a funeral! 
Besides, Karl wasn’t intending to kill her at all. 
Nora narrowed her eyes.
Right at this moment, Tanya, who was too agitated, tripped over her wedding gown in her high heels. Karl subconsciously put away the gun pointed at Nora and helped Tanya up. 
It was at precisely this moment that the sniper’s voice rang out in the earphone: “Target locked on!” 
“Fire!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Bang! 
The sound of a bullet whizzing through the air caused an uproar in the entire place.
###Chapter 544
Chapter 544 Don’t Worry, Dad 
The whole place was filled with the sound of a bullet piercing through the glass. The bullet looked like it was going straight for the back of Karl’s head, and would subsequently go right through his brain and kill him on the spot! 
When that happened, he would take all the grievances with him into the ground and would forever become a secret. 
However, in that split second, Nora suddenly stepped forward, grabbed Karl’s suit, and pulled him to the side! 
The bullet whizzed past the side of his head by a hair’s breadth, grazing him!! 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Even Karl himself didn’t seem to expect something like that to happen, so he looked stunned. Seeing that Morris and the others were about to come forward, Nora pulled the man’s sleeve and pointed his pistol at her waist again. Then, she raised her hands and shouted, “Don’t move!” 
Morris and the others stopped in their tracks again. 
In that instant, Karl had already recovered. 
He, who had witnessed all sorts of situations and experienced countless life and death situations, had only been flustered just now because this was his daughter’s wedding. However, he quickly recovered and held Nora at gunpoint again. In fact, when he was searching for the sniper so that he could get out of the line of fire, Nora stepped forward and stood in between him and the sniper! 
The cold and stiff voice rang out in the earphone again. He cursed furiously, “What is the hostage doing?!” 
Someone whispered a reminder, “She is not a hostage. She’s Nora, a forensic doctor in the special department!” 
The hard voice immediately became more anxious. “Then she must be wearing our earphones, right? Nora, can you hear me?” Nora’s expression remained unchanged and she stood motionless. 
The cold voice spoke again. “Find a way to shift a little. You’ll be able to get out of the line of fire that way!” 
Nora remained motionless. 
“Damn it!” 
The cold and hard voice seemed a little anxious. “What kind of forensic doctor is she? Has she undergone specialized training in the system before or not?” 
“She is an externally hired forensic doctor!” 
The cold voice was exasperated. “As expected, external hires are no good! Sniper, take aim. For the sake of everyone else present, you have to act decisively!” 
The moment the voice said that, a low but clear voice suddenly rang out. “Captain Johnson, that’s not quite appropriate, is it?” 
The voice took Nora by surprise for a moment. She turned her head and looked over subconsciously, only to see that Justin had walked over to an undercover officer at some point, taken off his Bluetooth earphone, and was currently communicating with the officers.
He spoke very aggressively. “The hostage is my fiancée. If you disregard my fiancée’s safety and insist on using such risky means to gun down the criminal, I will definitely pursue the matter!” 
His words were loud and powerful-at the very least, they made the cold and hard voice choke. A moment later, he said, “Mr. Hunt, we are currently executing a mission. Please understand. The man holding your fiancée hostage is a killer who’s wanted internationally! He is very dangerous!” Justin remained tough and aggressive. “Captain Johnson, you don’t have to explain so much, I don’t understand anyway. All I know is that my fiancée’s life is currently in your hands.” 
Johnson fell silent for a while. In the end, he nevertheless lost. He ordered, “Sniper, retreat.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Nora could clearly feel that the danger from the sniper had disappeared. Obviously, the sniper had put away his gun. Only then did Nora whisper to Karl, “Uncle Karl, hurry up as much as you can.” 
The sniper rifle just now had already put Karl on alert. 
Whenever he was in such dangerous situations, he was usually surrounded and protected by the few top-ranked assassins. 
Although they were not present at the moment, the girl’s calm and simple appearance gave him an inexplicable sense of security. 
It was just like… Black Cat was by his side. 
As soon as the thought formed in Karl’s mind, he immediately shook his head. Then, he held Tanya and continued walking forward step by step until he could hand her to Joel.
Behind Tanya were Pete and Mia holding up the train of her gown for her. Pete was wearing a suit while Mia was wearing a white organza dress. Neither of them was affected by what had happened just now. Cherry was seated beside Ian in the guest seats. She was holding her cell phone and pouting as she complained, “Sob, how can they not let Cherry be a flower girl? They are baddies!” 
Ian patted her head gently and said, “It’s fine, it’s fine. Grandpa will hold a wedding and let our little Cherry do it next time!” 
Cherry’s eyes immediately lit up and she raised her head. “Really, Grandpa?” 
Ian nodded! 
Cherry tilted her head and asked, “But I want to do it as soon as possible~ Can you hold a wedding soon? Who is going to get married?” 
As soon as she said that, Louis, who was also sitting there, suddenly felt chills all over. 
Then, he saw lan slowly turning his head to look at him. 
Louis hurriedly waved and said, “Uncle Ian, I don’t even have a girlfriend. I…” 
Before he could finish, Ian said, “If you get married, I’ll give you 50 million dollars.” 
Louis instantly paused. 
Although he had tricked Trueman into giving him money last time, he simply had too big a “family”. Because he had gained some money, he had adopted another bunch of stray cats and dogs, resulting in his expenses also increasing by a lot. 
50 million dollars…
Louis immediately said, “Uncle Ian, my girlfriend and I have actually been hiding our relationship from you! We have been wanting to get married for a really long time! When do you think would be a suitable time to hold the wedding?” 
Nora wasn’t aware of what was happening in the audience. 
At this moment, she saw that Karl had already led Tanya to Joel. 
At the holy and pure wedding, Tanya wore a wedding gown while Joel wore a black tuxedo. 
Karl stretched out his hand and placed Tanya’s hand in Joel’s. 
He patted Joel on the shoulder and slowly said, “Take care of my daughter, young man. If you dare to let her down, bully her, or find someone else outside, I will send Black Cat to take your head!” 
Joel wasn’t bothered about the threat in his words. He merely straightened his back and looked at him as he said, “Don’t worry, Dad.” 
Karl nodded. 
He took a step back and raised his hands. At this moment, Morris was the first to rush up to the two of them. He held his arms behind his back, took out his handcuffs, and handcuffed him. 
Tanya, who had heard the commotion, wanted to look behind her. 
Karl, however, shouted, “Don’t look back. You must always look ahead of you in life. Tanya, be happy.” 
Tanya’s eyes turned red. 
She choked back her sobs and nodded hard.
Tanya and Joel walked up the platform step by step. When she turned to look at her father, she instead only saw his back as he was led away. 
At the special department. 
Karl was brought back once more. Nora didn’t stay at the wedding but followed them over, instead. 
She found that Karl had come in very naturally this time as if he was going home. His relaxed expression made Nora and Morris look at each other with puzzled expressions. 
Nora kept feeling that something was wrong. 
It stood to reason that Karl would know that another charge would be added to his crimes, now that he had been arrested again. Shouldn’t he be sad about it? So, why was he looking so relaxed instead? 
After the group of them took him to the interrogation room, he looked at Morris and Nora. “I wanted to take some things with me to my grave, but I don’t want to hide it anymore. I don’t want my daughter to have to shoulder the weight of being called a murderer’s daughter! Do you know how I escaped?”
###Chapter 545
Chapter 545 Another Secret Identity~ 
How he had escaped? 
Everyone was aware that there was a traitor in the special department. 
Was Karl intending to confess and plead for leniency? 
From the looks of it, for Tanya’s sake, he had indeed thought things through and made up his mind. 
Nora and Morris were about to speak when the door of the interrogation room was suddenly pushed open. A middle-aged man, who looked about fifty years old, strode in. 
The man, who looked furious, immediately stared at Nora after he entered. He said, “What’s the matter with you?! As a member of the special department, even if you’re an externally hired forensic doctor, you should not be letting someone point a gun at you!” 
Nora frowned as she looked at him. 
Morris spoke up at this point. He said, “This is Captain Johnson, who is also my mentor. He was the one who guided me when I first entered this line of business.” 
Nora looked at the man. 
So, he was the one who had ordered the sniper to fire just now? 
The man’s aura was identical to Morris’s, and both of them were cold and steely men. But for some reason, Nora didn’t like him very much. 
Morris looked at Johnson and slowly explained, “Captain Johnson, Ms. Smith is an externally hired forensic doctor. She is only responsible for studying and researching the genetic modification drugs that the special department investigates and confiscates. Therefore, it is very understandable that she wouldn’t be able to keep up in terms of physical strength.” 
Johnson stared at Nora. “She can’t keep up in terms of physical strength? The way I see it, she’s a spy. Why did you block the bullet for Karl Moore just now?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows, her almond-shaped eyes looking somewhat innocent. “What bullet?” 
Johnson snapped, “You placed yourself in the line of fire between him and the sniper to help him! Stop pretending!” Nora said, “What are you talking about, Captain Johnson? I’m just a weak and powerless externally hired forensic doctor. How would I know about the bullet trajectory of the sniper rifle?” 
Her words made Johnson choke. 
However, Morris, who was standing beside them, glanced at her with a cold look on his face. 
Nora kept standing where she was and feigned innocence. Johnson was infuriated. He pointed at her and ranted at Morris. “Look at how she’s using her ignorance to justify her actions! We don’t need someone like her in the special department!” 
Morris frowned. 
At this point, Johnson spoke again. He said, “Also, Karl’s escape is definitely an inside job. In that case, who is the traitor in the department? Going by how well she cooperated with Karl today, it may just be
her!” 
Morris immediately said, “Watch what you say, sir! As a police officer, we mustn’t say anything without evidence.” 
“Hah…” Johnson was likely terribly outraged. He said, “Then we won’t discuss this today. I have already looked thoroughly into Ms. Smith’s background while on the way here, and I will tell you now—she is not suitable for the special department!” Morris frowned. “Sir, you…” 
Johnson held his hand up and stopped Morris from speaking. He said, “Listen to my reasons for saying that first! Nora Smith’s mother is Yvette Anderson! And Yvette Anderson is someone we can confirm was a member of the mysterious organization back then! That alone makes Nora Smith unsuitable to remain in the special department!” 
“Her mother is a suspect, so what she needs to do is steer clear and avoid suspicion! But what are you doing instead? You’re letting someone who should be avoiding suspicion be part of the case! Is this what I taught you?!” 
Morris clenched his jaw. 
Johnson pointed to the special department regulations and asked, “Morris, what is rule seven of the special department regulations?” 
Morris straightened his back at once and recited aloud, “All direct or collateral relatives of persons involved in the special department’s cases are to stay away from the investigations to avoid suspicion!” 
Johnson pointed at him, “Do you still think she is suitable to stay in the special department?” 
Morris still wanted to explain. “But—”. 
“No buts!” 
Johnson looked at Nora aggressively and said, “Nora Smith, you have been fired! Please immediately return all your credentials to the special department and leave! You are not allowed to carry out any further private investigations into the case!” 
Nora: “?” 
She glanced at Karl, who was sitting there. 
Karl had clearly wanted to tell them something just now. Was he forbidding her from listening? 
She looked at Morris again. He took a deep breath and said, “Ms. Smith, go back for now. After I discuss this with Captain Johnson, I will invite you back again.” 
“Hah!” Johnson sneered, “She’s nothing more than a weak and powerless girl who only knows how to be a burden to the team during critical moments! What’s the purpose of inviting a person like her back?!” 
Morris sighed. 
Nora understood now. 
It seemed that Johnson had the final say in the special department.
She raised her eyebrows, took out the special department’s staff pass from her pocket, and handed it to Morris. 
When Morris took it from her, he lowered his voice and said, “Don’t worry, give me some time. I will definitely let you come back in style!” 
His mentor had been transferred to the special department out of nowhere this time. 
The special department originally had no direct leader. It could be said that Morris dominated the team. With the sudden appearance of an obstruction like him, he needed some time to regain his authority in the special department! 
Nora looked at him. Her lips suddenly curled into a smile and she said, “No, it’s fine.” 
She’d had enough of being an externally hired forensic doctor. Did they really think she cared for it? 
If she had that much spare time, she might as well just go home and have a good sleep instead! It had already taken up so much of her time! 
She glanced at Karl again, only to see him wave at her relaxedly. He smiled and said, “Go back and tell Tanya that I will be fine, Nora! Tell her to wait for me to come home with peace of mind!” 
Nora didn’t know where his confidence was coming from, but she nonetheless turned and left the interrogation room. 
After she left, Morris looked at Johnson and said, “You will regret the choice you have made today, sir!” 
Johnson sneered, “She’s just a useless little girl. Why would I regret anything?”
At this moment, someone knocked on the door and walked in. He sighed and said, “Captain Ford, those few bodyguards we arrested the other day are too tight-lipped. They simply refuse to say anything!” 
Morris frowned. 
At this point, Johnson-who had been transferred to the department out of nowhere 
-in order to show off his abilities, said, “If it’s about interrogation, then I have a particularly great candidate to nominate!” 
“Who is it?” asked Morris. 
Johnson lowered his head and replied, “Black Cat.” 
Black Cat? 
Morris subconsciously glanced at Karl. Black Cat was the top assassin in Karl’s organization! Now that they had arrested Karl, how would Black Cat possibly be willing to help them? 
While he was thinking about it, Johnson smiled triumphantly and said, “Don’t worry, I can get Black Cat to help us! People like Black Cat, talented at investigations and interrogation methods, are what the special department needs the most! Morris, you’re too shortsighted. That girl who does scientific research is nothing compared to Black Cat! I am confident that I can headhunt Black Cat and bring him into the department!” 
###Chapter 546
Chapter 546 Who Says I’ve Been Fired? 
Outsiders weren’t aware of the conversation in the special department. 
By now, Nora had already returned to the Smiths’. 
Tanya and Joel’s wedding was over, and all of them had gone home. As she was worried about Karl, Tanya was feeling rather down in the dumps. Knowing that she wasn’t in the best of moods, everyone else left early. 
The moment Nora got home, her cell phone rang. 
When she picked up the call, Justin’s voice rang out on the other end. “I took Cherry out for a stroll. She seemed a little unhappy.” 
Nora nodded. “… Oh, okay.” 
She obviously sounded as lazy as usual, yet the sharp Justin nonetheless sensed something. He asked, “In a bad mood?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora didn’t like to whine, so she had always mulled over everything quietly by herself. 
But when faced with Justin’s question, she couldn’t help but say, “I’ve been fired by the special department.” As soon as she said that, there was a moment of silence on the phone. A brief moment later, she heard a sigh from Justin, who then said, “If I say that I’m actually pretty happy about it, would you beat me up?” Nora: “?”
Justin said pitifully, “I’m always so worried about you every time you’re out on a mission. Now that you’ve finally been fired, you can stay at home safely and spend more time with the children.” 
Nora: “ 
Why was what he was saying sounding so off? 
The corners of her lips spasmed, and she couldn’t help feeling that their roles had been reversed! 
Justin let out a low chuckle and asked, “Do I sound like a house-husband?” 
Nora: “!!” 
Justin sounded very relaxed as he added, “It’s their loss for firing you. I can only say that they are blind. You don’t have to feel sad about it. The way I see it, they will be crying and begging you to go back very soon!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Why do you say that?” 
Justin chuckled again. “Didn’t they invite Q to join the team? Also, if your identity as Big Sister is exposed, they will definitely be even more desperate…” 
Nora thought for a while about what he had said and suddenly felt that that was indeed the case. 
A smile formed on her lips and she opened the door and entered the living room. She was about to speak again when she noticed Ian, who was in his wheelchair, in the living room contemplating something in silence. Upon hearing her coming in, Ian immediately looked at her. 
Nora was a little surprised. “Were you waiting for me?” 
Ian nodded. Then, he suggested hesitantly, “Let’s have a chat?”
Nora walked up to him and casually tossed her phone into her pocket. 
Thinking that Justin would hang up, she didn’t disconnect the call. 
Then, she pushed Ian’s wheelchair to the garden. 
The weather was very fine that day. Tanya and Joel had picked a good day for the wedding. 
The sun shone down upon them, yet it was neither glaring nor intense. It felt refreshing and comfortable as the two of them walked in the shade in the garden. 
Ian suddenly said, “Nora, the way that Karl risked being arrested just to come back and give Tanya’s hand away in marriage today moved me greatly.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Ian sighed and said, “I’m really afraid that I won’t be around when you get married in the future. My health has always been poor…” 
Nora replied in a lukewarm manner, “As long as you don’t do anything stupid, it shouldn’t be a problem for you to live till you’re seventy or eighty years old.” 
Ian sighed. 
He had already been sick of living previously. After he realized that Nora was his daughter and that Yvette hadn’t betrayed him, he had suddenly felt even less like living because he couldn’t wait to go to heaven and be reunited with her. 
However, his daughter had kept him here instead. 
But later, when he saw how much effort Karl was putting into building his relationship with Tanya, and when he heard what everyone was saying about Tanya, Ian suddenly understood something-children
without parents would be bullied by others. 
Even if the child was very strong and powerful, people would still sigh whenever they mentioned them, and remark that it was a shame that both their parents had died and that they weren’t blessed enough. 
They even put the blame for things like how the child was not blessed enough to have their parents with them on the child. Society demanded too much from girls. 
Nora wasn’t as tough and hardy as Joel, Quentin, and Louis. Therefore, he had to do his best to stay alive. As long as he was alive, he would be able to back his daughter up. It was at this moment that Ian completely abolished his thoughts of suicide and not wanting to live for real. 
For the first time in his entire life, he felt that he was still of use to someone and that there were still people who needed him. 
With that in mind, Ian smiled and said, “Even so, I still hope that the day I see you get married comes soon. After all, no one knows for sure which would come first-tomorrow, or an accident?” 
Nora did not refute him. Instead, she asked, “What you mean is…?” She felt a little hopeful. 
Even Justin, who was listening to the conversation through the phone that Nora had tossed into her pocket, couldn’t help raising his brows. 
His father-in-law had finally thought things through. Had he become agreeable to their marriage? 
While he was wondering, he heard Ian say, “Why don’t you go on a blind date tomorrow?” 
Justin: “?” 
He heaved a silent sigh!
To be honest, he understood what Ian was thinking. His father-in-law must think that the other branches of the Hunts were too unstable and too chaotic, right? 
He lowered his head. 
Suddenly, a sense of lethargy and world-weariness welled up in him. 
To be honest, even till now, he had been the one maintaining the connection between him and Nora in this relationship all this time. He had tested it before—if he didn’t send any text messages to Nora, she could ignore him for a whole day. 
Thus, he felt rather dejected in this instant. He didn’t understand what the point of trying to please his father-in-law was anymore… 
But it was at this moment that he suddenly heard Nora hesitate for a moment and ask, “Do you really disapprove of Justin? I’ve always thought that you were just making things difficult for him so that you would be in a more advantageous position, but I didn’t expect that… Can you tell me why?”. 
Ian was not surprised by Nora’s question at all. 
He immediately answered, “Because Justin is different. He is too cunning and sinister, and also too powerful. You won’t be able to control him.” 
Nora: “?” 
Ian said, “In marriage, one always overwhelms the other. Although your status is on par with his, Justin has a trump card that others can’t see through. A husband like him, who is beyond your control, will put you in a very passive position in the marriage.” 
Nora: “…”
Ian went on. “He will make you take the burden of all the ives and goals he wants to achieve. It’s to the extent that you won’t even realize anything if he takes advantage of you. You’ll be counting the money for him even after he’s sold you. Justin is that scheming and capable!” 
Nora was stunned. Obviously, she hadn’t expected Ian to say something like that. 
She kept quiet for a while before she said, “Actually, I am also very strong.” Who did her father think he was looking down on?! 
Ian: “” 
He had said so much, but unexpectedly, it had sparked the desire to win in his daughter instead? The corners of Ian’s lips spasmed. “What I mean is—” 
Nora interrupted him and said, “Don’t make things difficult for him anymore, he is the children’s father, after all. The kids will also be in a dilemma if you keep pulling a long face at him all the time. Besides… Do you think there’s anyone among the men you’ve found more good-looking than him” 
Ian: “” 
He was dumbfounded. “So the reason why you are dating him-or rather, that you like himis that he’s good-looking?” 
Nora became even more puzzled. “Can’t I?” 
Of course, one would need a reason to like another person. 
If Justin wasn’t outstanding, wasn’t handsome, and didn’t treat her with that much sincerity, why would she like him? 
“… Y-yes, you can.”
“Uh-huh.” Nora said, “Even though you can’t stop us even if you disapprove of the relationship, I still want to say this: Thank you for letting us be together.” 
Ian: “” 
Why was she already thanking him for letting them be together? When did he do that? 
The corners of Ian’s lips spasmed. 
Nora yawned. “Is there anything else? If there isn’t, then I will go upstairs and go to bed for now.” 
Ian: “. 
Ian could only watch helplessly as Nora abandoned him in the garden and shuffled to her bedroom on the second floor of the villa. The corners of his lips couldn’t help but spasm again. 
Although he knew that there would be bodyguards who would take him back to the house, was it really okay for her to just abandon him here? Ian knew that it must be because he had badmouthed Justin a lot just now, so his daughter had gotten mad at him. Ever since the two of them acknowledged each other, this was the first time that his daughter was giving him the cold shoulder. 
It was all that pretty boy’s fault! 
The huffy Ian suddenly looked to the side and ordered, “Go and gather all the good-looking men in New York! I’m going to look through them one by one. I simply don’t believe I can’t find someone more handsome than him!!” 
The speechless bodyguard hidden in the shadows replied, “Yes, sir.” 
–
When Nora returned to the bedroom and took out her cell phone from her pocket, she saw that the call had already been disconnected a long time ago. 
She wasn’t bothered. However, when she took off her clothes and got ready to take a bath, she suddenly received a call from the Hunt manor. Thinking that it was Cherry, she picked up the call. 
But unexpectedly, the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s voice instead suddenly rang out on the opposite end. “It’s me, Ms. Smith. I heard from Brenda that you’ve been fired by the special department? This is too much!” 
Nora: “?” 
Had Mrs. Hunt suddenly turned over a new leaf? 
Why was she suddenly speaking up for her? 
Nora’s brows knitted together. Thinking that it would be better if she got along with the elderly lady, she was about to reply when the old lady instead said, “As a woman, it is better that you stay at home and take care of your husband and kids instead. Not every woman can handle jobs that require so much professionalism like those of the special department. You are different from Brenda. Brenda has been through high-grade education since she was a child, so she is more than capable enough to deal with jobs like hers. You, on the other hand, are different. Not only did you grow up in the countryside, but you also don’t know much about the way of the world. It’s understandable that you would offend your team leader. In my opinion, you don’t have to feel too sad about it. This may instead be something positive for you!” 
Nora: “…” 
She knew it, the fox might grow gray but it would never become good! She didn’t say anything—because she discovered on her phone that she had suddenly received a few emails, and some of them were sent
from the special department’s official email address. 
One was sent to Q. 
Another was sent to Black Cat. The content of the two emails was very similar and adopted a sincere tone. Additionally, both were inviting her to join the special department to be of service to the United States! 
The sender of both emails was also a man with the last name Johnson. 
Initially, Nora hadn’t wanted to bother with him. However, Mrs. Hunt’s voice rang out in her earphones. “You are too unsociable and eccentric. It’s understandable that other people would dislike you…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips curled upward and she said, “Who says I’ve been fired because they dislike me?”
###Chapter 547
Chapter 547 Nora Is So Popular~ 
Mrs. Hunt was taken aback. “What do you mean? Weren’t you fired?” 
Nora didn’t pay any more attention to her. After all, chatting with her was a total waste of time. She politely replied, “I’m going to bed. Goodnight.” 
And then, she hung up. 
If she weren’t Justin’s grandmother, she couldn’t even be bothered to say goodnight. 
How dare she say that she was unskilled in building interpersonal relationships? Hah. 
Nora picked up the phone and sent a message to Solo: ‘How do you find me as a person?’ 
Solo, who was far away in Switzerland, gnashed his teeth in fury upon seeing her text message. 
If she hadn’t saved his life, he wouldn’t have been enslaved and suppressed by her so easily. 
But did he dare to fight back? Of course not. 
Thus, Solo replied: “You’re fantastic! Absolutely great!” 
Nora was very satisfied. See? Even someone as unsociable and eccentric as Solo thought that she was a great person. Why would she be poor at building and maintaining interpersonal relationships with others? 
Solo sent another message: “I’m going back to the States in a couple of days and will be in New York. Wanna meet?”
He was coming back to New York? 
Didn’t that mean that it would be perfect for her to use him to cover up her identity? 
Nora didn’t want her identity as Q to be exposed. Thus, she replied: ‘Good timing. I have something I need you to do.’ Nora put down the phone, completely unsuspecting that she might not really be great at interpersonal relationships, after all. When she was about to go to bed, someone knocked on the door. 
She opened the door to find Joel outside. He had an anxious look on his face. “Nora, what exactly is going on with Karl?” 
Nora replied calmly, “He is very confident, and even told me that he’ll be fine.” 
Joel: “?” 
It had become more difficult for him to ask around and get news from the special department this time. Rather than asking others for news, he might as well just straight-up ask Nora. 
Thus, after Karl was taken away, he had been waiting for her to come home while he also continued getting his men to ask around and find out what had happened. 
But he didn’t expect that all she would say was just a few words? 
Perhaps it wasn’t convenient for her to tell outsiders about the ongoings in the special department. 
But… Never mind. Given how reticent this younger sister of his was, she wouldn’t be able to give him a clear account of what had happened even if he wanted to hear about it. 
With that in mind, Joel nodded. Then, he patted her on the shoulder and said, “I heard about what happened to you. It’s okay, don’t be depressed about it.”
“… What happened to me?” asked Nora. 
Joel was surprised. “You know, you’ve been fired!” 
Nora blinked. “Why would I be depressed about it?” 
Joel: “” 
The siblings stared at each other for a short while. Then, Joel coughed and turned to leave. As soon as he turned, Nora suddenly called out to him, “Joel.” 
Joel looked back at her. 
Nora asked, “How do you find me as a person?” 
How did he find her as a person? 
Arrogant and cocky, of course! On top of that, she was just like a rock-never soft toward anyone! 
But could the wily little fox Joel say that? 
Certainly not. 
He smiled and replied, “Very cute.” Nora nodded in satisfaction. “Okay, there’s nothing else.” 
Without waiting for Joel to leave, she immediately turned and closed the door. 
… What a rude little girl! 
After asking the two of them about it, Nora felt even more assured. See? Both of them had said that she had a good personality, so how would she possibly be unskilled at interpersonal relationships?
When she woke up the next day, Nora opened her eyes to see Pete already sitting at the desk and studying quietly. 
She stretched. Before going to the bathroom to wash up, she looked at Pete and called out, “Pete?” 
Pete looked up. “Yes, Mommy?” 
Her son’s eyes were serious, which made Nora smile. She asked, “What do you think of your Mommy?” 
Pete tilted his head. 
Although Mommy was always either sleeping or on the way to sleeping, for Pete, who’d never had a mom since he was a baby, just having her within his sight was already great. 
Especially if he could see her right away whenever he lifted his head while she was in bed and sleeping. 
Pete smiled sincerely and said, “You are the Mommy who spends the most time with her 
kid!” 
A smiling Nora nodded. 
See? Not only did she have good relationships with others, but she was also the best mother in her children’s eyes! 
After washing up, Nora opened the door and went downstairs. When she was about to have breakfast, she suddenly saw Louis sneaking out. 
Nora suddenly called out, “Louis.” 
Louis paused and looked back at her, upon which his eyes lit up. “Nora?” 
Nora tore off a piece of bread and asked, “How do you find me as a person?”
Louis curled his lips disdainfully when he heard her question. 
Not only was she cold, indifferent, and reticent -making her seem just like a walking refrigerant—but she was also arrogant and cocky. Even the way she walked was so unwomanly! 
But when he thought of Nora’s money… Louis beamed and replied, “Kind, beautiful, and approachable, of course, Nora! You’re practically a model woman of the times!” 
Nora became more satisfied. 
She ate the bread she was holding and then asked, “Where are you going?” Louis straightened his back and replied, “To talk to my girlfriend about marriage!” 
Nora was taken aback. “You have a girlfriend?” 
Louis waved and replied, “Of course not. But I’m going to find one now!” 
Nora was enlightened. She remarked, “I knew it. How would you be able to find a girlfriend with that head of bleached blond hair of yours?” 
Louis: “” 
Why was his cousin’s mouth so toxic?! Could he take back the compliments that he had gone against his conscience to give her just now? 
Never mind. On account of how he couldn’t afford to mess with her because of how rich she was, he would just suck it up! 
After asking several people in a row, where all of them said that she had a good personality and was popular, Nora’s doubts had all been assuaged. She confidently threw what Mrs. Hunt had said the day
before to the back of her mind. 
After finishing her breakfast-or rather, lunch 
– Nora got ready to go upstairs to read her medical books and look for a way to treat Quentin. 
As soon as she went upstairs, she saw Ian waving at her. 
When Nora walked over, Ian took out a few photos and asked, “Nora, what do you think of these people? Are they handsome enough?” 
He gave priority to a certain photo he had taken out. The man in the photo looked a little like Justin, he also had deep-set eyes and a straight, sharp nose. Ian said, “He’s an Oscar-winning actor. Surely he’s handsome enough, right?” 
“… Yes, he is pretty handsome.” 
Ian’s eyes lit up. “How about meeting him, then?” 
Nora yawned. “No, it’s fine. Justin is still more handsome.” 
“How can that be? No matter how I look at him, he’s more handsome than Justin, isn’t he?” 
Nora tilted her head. “Perhaps it’s because… he doesn’t have a beauty mark at the corner of his 
eye?” 
Ian: “” 
With that, Nora entered her bedroom.
Justin’s beauty mark at the corner of his eye was pretty much his signature. Nora wasn’t lying when she said that just now-she really did feel that Justin’s beauty mark at the corner of his eye was very distinctive! 
At the Hunts’. 
After Justin ended the call the previous night, he walked to the full-length mirror at home and looked at himself. 
He touched his cheek with his large hand and rubbed the beauty mark at the corner of his eye. 
As it turned out, Nora liked him because of his face? 
In that case, he had to give full play to his strengths. 
He suddenly picked up his cell phone and called Lawrence. 
The man answered very quickly. Justin said, “Send me some sheet masks and skincare products.” 
Justin was a fastidious man in his lifestyle, but he had always been relatively careless with his face. It was already enough for him that he cleansed his face every day. However, things were different now! 
He was going to start paying attention to skincare! 
Thus, Lawrence came over to deliver sheet masks to Justin early in the morning. He said, “… Apply this in the morning for five minutes. After that, apply this lotion and then the emulsion. Also, this is for anti- aging…” After explaining all the skincare products’ functions in succession, Lawrence noticed his boss rubbing the beauty mark at the corner of his eye with his fingers. It was to the extent that the skin there was turning red. 
Justin suddenly asked, “Say, do you think the mole can be removed? Why is it so ugly?”
“… Of course. Do you need me to make an appointment with the doctor for you?” 
“Yeah, contact them.” Justin was very concerned that the mole would affect his appearance. 
Lawrence immediately contacted the director of the best aesthetic clinic in New York and spoke with him seriously. During the phone call, Lawrence even said, “News of Mr. Hunt visiting the clinic must not spread and must be kept absolutely confidential. In addition, get the best doctor in the clinic to do it and ensure that there aren’t any scars. You must arrange for a doctor with zero cosmetic surgery failures!” 
“Yes, yes, of course!” The director respectfully replied. Then, he asked, “What does Mr. Hunt want to do? His nose? Eyes? Or the whole face?” 
Lawrence frowned and replied, “None of that, of course. It’s even more serious.” 
The director’s heart sank at once. 
It was the aesthetic clinic’s honor that Mr. Hunt wanted to come over and have cosmetic surgery done. However, it was also exceptionally stressful to perform cosmetic surgery on wealthy people like him. After all, everyone’s sense of aesthetics was different. In the event that Mr. Hunt was dissatisfied, it would instead damage their clinic’s reputation! 
The director was filled with trepidation. He asked, “Then which body part is he intending to treat?” 
An area that was more important than the eyes, nose, and face would be… 
Could it be that Mr. Hunt found a certain part of himself not… strong enough? So he wanted to do something about that? While the director’s imagination was running wild, Lawrence said seriously, “At the corner of his eyes…” 
The corner of the eye… The director breathed a sigh of relief. Although operating on the corner of the eye was just a minor operation, it would indeed be very unsightly if not done well.
The corners of Mr. Hunt’s eyes were pretty good-looking, though? 
Then, he heard the rest of Lawrence’s words: “… is a mole.” 
The director: “” 
After they made an appointment, Justin looked at the time and realized that he would be just in time to have dinner with Nora after removing the mole. 
Yup, hopefully, he would be able to give her a surprise in the evening! 
— 
At the special department. 
Johnson had already come over early in the morning. When Morris saw him, he walked over and said, “Sir, I think the dismissal of Nora Smith as our forensic doctor requires further discussion.” 
Johnson waved and said, “There is nothing to discuss. The department doesn’t need people with medical skills! What we need are talents like Black Cat and Q! I have already sent emails to both of them and invited them to join the team, and am currently waiting for them to reply!” 
Then, he said, “And now, I’m going to interrogate Karl! No one is to enter the room without my permission!”
###Chapter 548
Chapter 548 Which Part of Him Is Different? 
Nora read the whole afternoon. At five o’clock, Justin called and said that Cherry wanted to have dinner with her. A puzzled Nora asked, “Then why don’t the two of you come over?” 
Justin hesitated for a moment, seemingly somewhat reluctant to say something. However, in the end, he still said, “I doubt we can come over to the Smiths’. After all, Uncle Ian seems to have quite a lot against me.” 
What he said simply made him sound as if he was suffering too much injustice. 
Nora suddenly felt a pang of heartache, so she said, “Alright, send me the address. I will come over with Pete.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up, Justin sent her a text message with the address of the restaurant they were having dinner at. 
Nora glanced at it. It wasn’t very far from the Smith manor. 
Thus, she decided to read for another half an hour before she set off. 
However, perhaps because it was destined that she wouldn’t be able to find any peace, her cell phone suddenly lit up-Johnson had sent her another email inviting her to join the special department. 
This time, the email was sent to Black Cat. The email read as follows:
“Hello, Black Cat. Have you seen my last email? Even if you are not interested in the United States’ special department, do you not care whether Karl Moore lives or dies?” 
Nora stared at the email and narrowed her eyes. She immediately replied to the email: ‘What do you mean’ 
She had always been straightforward in her typing, and couldn’t even be bothered to add punctuation marks. 
The other party responded very quickly: “Karl has been arrested for breaking the law in the USA. You should be aware of that, right? Don’t you want to save him? If you agree to join the special department, I can find a way to release him.” 
Release Karl? 
Nora narrowed her eyes and sneered. 
Did that man think that she was a three-year-old? Karl had broken the law. Without a reasonable explanation, how could the special department possibly release him? 
She narrowed her eyes and replied: ‘How are you going to release him?’ 
Johnson’s reply came even faster this time: “I can release a public statement that he is my informant. This way, he can say that it was by my instructions that he brought those people into the country.” 
When she saw this, Nora’s pupils shrank abruptly. 
An informant… 
This sure was a flawless explanation. On top of that, it would also allow the special department to release him right away!
But why would Johnson say that Karl was his informant? 
Nora frowned. Suddenly, she thought of how Karl had insisted that he did it for money when she and Morris had asked him over and over why he had illegally brought the people from the mysterious organization into the country 
After that, Karl had successfully escaped from the special department’s cell… 
Could it be that… 
Nora narrowed her eyes. The dark pupils in her cat-like eyes flickered with a dim glow. 
It seemed like she had figured something out! 
At the special department. 
Morris stood outside the door to the interrogation room, hoping to listen in on the conversation taking place inside. Unfortunately, the interrogation room had been soundproofed, so he couldn’t hear anything at all. 
He wanted to know what the two of them were talking about, but as soon as Johnson had entered, he had turned off the surveillance cameras, rendering Morris unable to find out what Johnson and Karl were talking about. 
His brows locked together tightly. After waiting for about half an hour, Johnson finally walked out of the room. 
Morris hurriedly took a step forward and asked, “Did you manage to get anything out of him?” 
Johnson glanced at Morris and shook his head. “He still refuses to talk.”
Morris suggested, “I’d suggest hiring Nora Smith back into the team. She knows Karl. He had already decided to talk the other time!” 
Johnson sneered when he heard what he said. “She is a forensic doctor, so it’s not like she’s part of the interrogation process. Why should we ask her to come back? To watch the special department make a fool out of itself?! I’ll tell you this—I don’t agree to it!” 
Then, Johnson pointed at him and said, “The one we need the most right now is Black Cat. I have already emphasized this many times! Asking a doctor to be a forensic expert? Are you trying to be funny here? Does she have any experience in solving criminal cases? Or have the people in the special department become so poor that they can’t even afford to see a doctor when they are ill?” 
Morris clenched his jaw. He found Johnson’s words too unpleasant. 
He took a deep breath. “Captain Johnson, you are prejudiced against Nora!” 
His term of address had gone from “Sir” to “Captain Johnson”, which went to show that Morris had become extremely unhappy with him. 
“Yes, I am! She was simply too unprofessional at the wedding! We don’t need someone like her! Hah!” 
Morris stared at Johnson. “Don’t be so sure. You should never offend a doctor!” 
Johnson sneered, “Heh, are you threatening me? i’ll tell you this, what I fear the least is getting sick! I am in great health and have never gotten sick all these years! Even if I do fall sick, I will never ask her to treat my illness!” 
After saying that, he walked out of the room straightaway.
But as soon as he reached the door, his vision went black and he suddenly fainted and collapsed! 
“Captain Johnson!” 
“Captain Johnson!” 
Amid the chaos, Johnson was sent to the hospital. 
Nora took Pete to the restaurant. 
When they arrived, for once, Justin actually wasn’t there before them. Nora didn’t lose her temper just because she had to wait. She took Pete into the private room. 
They were at a Japanese restaurant. The solid wood decor in the private room looked very comfortable. 
Pete took off his shoes and started writing his assignments with his legs crossed. As he did, he asked, “Mommy, why is the tyrant insisting that we have dinner together tonight?” 
Nora was about to reply that she didn’t know either when the door was pushed open. Cherry ran in first. She blinked with her big round eyes and looked at Nora. Then, she said excitedly, “Mommy, quick, look at Daddy! Which part of him is different today?!”
###Chapter 549
Chapter 549 Falling Into Her Hands! 
Which part of him had changed? 
Cherry’s words made both Nora and Pete look at the door curiously. 
Justin took step after step into the room. 
He was wearing a black suit. The tall and slender man leaned against the door after entering. His narrow and sharp eyes swept across the private room and then, his gaze traveled to the ceiling and he let out a cough. 
Nora’s gaze landed on his face right away!! 
His cheeks, which were as smooth as usual, were still poreless, and his fair skin was glowing. In addition to his deep and bottomless eyes, his straight and sharp nose, as well as his… 
Huh? Where was the beauty mark at the corner of his eye?! Why was it gone?!! 
Nora got up abruptly and looked at Justin in astonishment. 
Justin, who had caught a glimpse of her expression, breathed a sigh of relief inwardly. 
From the looks of it, her breath had been taken away by how he currently looked, right? 
Next to them, Cherry was cheering. The little girl bounced around and said, “Mommy, look! Isn’t Daddy more handsome than before?” Justin’s cheeks were a little red. 
Wasn’t the way the woman was looking at him a little too explicit and a little too fervent? He was just thinking about it when the corners of Nora’s lips spasmed and she asked, “The beauty mark at the corner
of your eye is gone?” Justin nodded. “Yeah. Do I now look…” 
Before he could utter the word “better”, the woman in front of her suddenly curled her lips disdainfully and sighed. “You’ve become uglier.” 
Justin: “” 
Nora glanced at him disdainfully with a touch of regret in her eyes. “Why did you remove the beauty mark for no reason? Did you suddenly lose your mind?” 
Justin: “” 
Even the look of interest in Nora’s eyes seemed to have faded away somewhat. As she looked at Justin, she sighed again, looking as though she thought there was no more hope left for him. 
Justin: “…” 
A short silence instantly descended upon the private room. 
Cherry and Pete looked at each other. Then, Cherry ran to Pete with her stubby little legs, sat down next to him, and then rested her chin on her hands. She said, “Look at him, Pete. I told Daddy that the beauty mark at the corner of his eye was attractive, but he simply insisted that it wasn’t and insisted on going to the beauty salon to have it removed! As expected, Mommy and I have the same taste when it comes to handsome guys!” 
“… Uh-huh,” said Pete. 
Cherry then took out her cell phone and said, “Shall we play games, Pete? I haven’t carried you for so long-“ 
“No, I’m not playing. I have to finish this problem.”
Cherry: “” 
She curled her lips disdainfully and sighed. “What’s so fun about those problems? How can it be more fun than games?” 
Pete looked up at the ceiling speechlessly. “Is playing games the only thing on your mind every day?!” 
“Of course not!” Cherry looked at him confidently and said, “I also think about handsome guys!” 
While the two little fellows were talking, Justin touched his nose. Then, he sighed, took out a piece of wet tissue from his pocket, and wiped the corner of his eye, upon which the beauty mark reappeared. He heaved a silent sigh and said, “Cherry said that you may like the beauty mark, so I didn’t remove it.” 
His car had entered the beauty salon, but then he turned around and left. 
After all, one could just apply a bit of makeup to cover up something sometimes. However, once it was gone, it would never return! From the looks of it, Cherry wasn’t that unreliable, after all! 
Nora was relieved to see the beauty mark back on the man’s face. She remarked, “This looks more pleasing to the eye, after all.” 
When Justin saw how relieved she was, the corners of his lips slowly curled upward. 
For some reason, he suddenly thought that once they got married, apart from kissing his lips, she could also kiss the beauty mark at the corner of his eye. 
The thought of it immediately made the man’s ears redden, and they flushed all the way to the base of his ears.
When Nora caught a glimpse of it, she asked hesitantly, “What’s the matter? Do you have a fever?” 
“… No. Let’s have a seat.” The two sat down and started eating while facing each other. At this moment, footsteps rang out outside the door. Then, someone opened the door to the private room and Brenda hurriedly walked in. 
Justin frowned. “Why are you here?” 
Brenda replied, “For dinner, of course! Aren’t you guys having a party here?” 
Justin: “? 
Cherry, who was playing games, asked in puzzlement, “How did you know we are here, Aunt Brenda?” 
Brenda took off her shoes unceremoniously and sat beside Nora. “Tsk, have you forgotten what your aunt does for a living? I have all too many ways to find out where you guys are!” Then, she looked at Nora and said, “Captain Ford spoke up a lot for you in front of Captain Johnson today, but that old stick- in-the-mud still refuses to give in. I’m so mad!” 
She picked up a piece of salmon and put it in her mouth. “So, I decided not to stay in the special department and just left. They can do whatever they want! Captain Johnson is notorious for being a difficult man, though. The way I see it, unless he becomes seriously ill and falls into your hands, it will be very difficult for you to go back!” 
Almost as soon as she said that, Nora’s cell phone rang 
When she answered, Morris’ voice came from the other side. “Captain Johnson is experiencing an acute myocardial infarction. The doctor says that he’s in critical condition now and only you can save him!” 
“Pfft!”
Brenda, who was listening to the phone call, suddenly spat out the tea that she had just drunk. She turned her head and looked at Nora in amazement. Then, she suddenly burst into loud laughter and said, “My mouth must have been blessed. With this, Captain Johnson has really fallen into your hands, Nora!!!”
###Chapter 550
Chapter 550 Johnson Gets Slapped In The Face! 
In the hospital. 
Johnson woke up in a daze. The dizzy man held his head and sat up. Right away, someone rushed up to him and held him up. He asked, “Captain Johnson, how are you feeling?” 
Johnson frowned. “I’m fine. What happened to 
me?” 
“You suddenly had a heart attack. Fortunately, you were saved in time.” 
As he listened to his subordinate’s report, Johnson suddenly felt rather flustered. He knew how dangerous acute myocardial infarctions were. That must have been some sheer dumb luck for him to be saved. 
A doctor in a white lab coat came in at this time. At the sight of the doctor, Johnson immediately held his hand and said, “Thank you so much for saving my life, Doctor! You are really my savior!” 
An awkward look immediately came over the doctor’s face. He said, “Don’t say that, Captain Johnson. I…” 
Before he could finish, Johnson spoke again. “Just tell me if you need any help in the future! If it’s within my means, I will definitely get it done!” 
As soon as he said that, a cool and clear voice traveled over. “Do you keep your word, Captain Johnson?”
Surprised, Johnson turned his head and looked over, only to see a woman walking in. Her long straight hair cascaded loosely behind her and she dragged her feet as she walked, as though she was too lazy to even lift them up properly. Although her almond-shaped eyes looked docile, they looked at him sharply and indifferently as though he was no more than a life-form in her eyes. Johnson’s expression immediately darkened. “Why are you here?” 
The moment he said that, Nora looked at him with a half-amused look. 
Next to him, Morris said, “Captain Johnson, Ms. Smith was the one who saved you. If it weren’t for her, I’m afraid it would have been very difficult for you to get past it this time!” 
Johnson: “!!” 
Never would he have thought that he would be slapped in the face so quickly. For a while, he was stunned. 
It was instead everyone else who gathered around Nora and said, “Thank you so much, Nora! To think you put aside all the past grievances and rushed over… Don’t worry, we will definitely deal with the traffic violations that you were slapped with for running the red 
lights!” 
Nora nodded. 
After receiving the call, she had sped all the way over. On the way there, she ran so many red lights that even the traffic police were hot on her heels. However, she didn’t have the time to stop and explain, so she had straight-up led the traffic police into the hospital. 
Morris was the one who had handled all the subsequent negotiations and other matters after that.
She was indifferent and distant, so the rest didn’t know what to say. They could only keep repeating the same thing: “Thank you for what you’ve done!” 
Nora waved and said, “I am a doctor, this is what I do.” 
After saying that, she checked the numbers on the monitor and said, “Captain Johnson is out of danger now, so I will take my leave.” 
After Nora left the ward, everyone gathered in front of Johnson. 
All of them spoke up for Nora. “Captain Johnson, Dr. Smith is really professional. Someone like her is really suitable to be a forensic expert in the department! Why don’t we ask her to come back to the team?” 
“Yeah, with her in the department, if you ever have another heart attack, you will receive timely treatment…” Johnson kicked him angrily. “What are you saying?” 
The man took a step back and laughed. “Captain Johnson, you were the one who said it yourself just now that the doctor who saved your life is your savior. Besides, you can’t really say that Ms. Smith violated the rules the other time. She is just a forensic doctor, so she’s not responsible for helping us catch the fugitives! Besides, nothing happened, right?” 
“Yeah, that’s right. Captain Johnson, why don’t you let Ms. Smith come back?” 
Everyone spoke one after another. In the end, Morris said, “Captain Johnson, if it weren’t for her, I’m afraid you would still be unconscious right now. Do you know? When Dr. Smith rushed over, your heart had already stopped beating for twenty minutes. All the other doctors said that it was useless and advised her to give up, but she insisted on performing heart resuscitation on you and fed you her pills. It’s only because of that that you were lucky enough to survive.”
Johnson looked at the people in front of him and clenched his jaw. 
Nora had saved his life, but he was not grateful at all. He felt that his condition must not have been that serious. Otherwise, why would he feel as if nothing was wrong with him at the moment? 
Nora must have made his condition sound more serious than it really was. That must be why his men were speaking up for her like this. 
However, he couldn’t refuse to accept it at the moment. 
After all, all of them had been deceived by Nora! 
Johnson took a deep breath, feeling like his chest felt a little tight. He could only say begrudgingly, “Fine, she can come back!” 
Morris lowered his eyes and slowly said, “She doesn’t have to ‘come back’. I haven’t processed her dismissal yet.” When Johnson heard this, he became even angrier and his chest felt even tighter. 
Morris had been in charge of all of the special department’s matters all along, but he was young and impetuous, so he had only been the acting director of the special department even as of now. 
Even though he had finally been transferred to the special department, he was only on an equal footing with him right now! 
Originally, he’d thought that Morris would show him a lot of respect and faintly put him above himself because he was his mentor. But unexpectedly, Morris had actually said one thing and done another, and secretly disobeyed his instructions? 
He was about to get angry when the rest of his men spoke in unison. 
“Captain Ford, you are so farseeing! Nice!”
“Yeah, Captain Johnson had said such nasty things when he drove her away that time. How embarrassing would it have been to ask her to come back?! It’s fortunate that Captain Ford didn’t process the dismissal.” 
IIII 
Seeing how they were all defending Morris, Johnson knew that he had to suppress his temper. 
Otherwise, how was he going to tame these men? 
Johnson narrowed his eyes. 
If he wanted to become the director of the special department and suppress Morris, then it was imperative that he build up prestige in the special department! 
This particular department was different from the others. If his subordinates didn’t think he was worthy of his position, then it would be very difficult to get work done. 
This was also the reason why he had made an example of Nora as soon as he came-because she was the forensic doctor that Morris had gone against all odds to personally hire! 
Firing Nora was tantamount to slapping Morris in the face. 
But now, he had instead shot himself in the foot. Nora had singlehandedly suppressed all of his fame! 
In fact, he could faintly sense that the members of the special department now had even more trust and loyalty toward Morris! 
No, this wouldn’t do. He had to think of a way to even things out!
– 
By the time Nora was done saving Johnson’s life, it was already completely dark outside. 
She drove straight home. 
She parked the black jeep in the parking lot and entered the house. Just as she entered, her cell phone suddenly rang. She took it out and found that Trueman, who had not been in contact with her for a long time, had sent her a message. 
Nora thought of how the answer that the man had given her the last time had made her somewhat uncomfortable. She wondered what he had sent her this time. 
She lowered her head and opened the message. When she saw the content of the message, her pupils shrank.
###Chapter 551
Chapter 551 Interrogation Master! 
Trueman’s message was: “I still have many secrets to tell you. Don’t you want to know? But it seems like Caleb hasn’t taken his medicine today.” 
Ever since Morris captured Caleb last time, Caleb had been detained in the interrogation room. Furthermore, because he was weak, the special department did not use any special methods to interrogate him. 
After all, what if he did not rest well and died from lung cancer? 
Nora had forgotten about him. 
However, she only frowned and replied: “I’m no longer from the special department. It’s useless for you to look for me. If you want to negotiate, look for Morris.” 
With that, she put away her phone and entered the house. She heard Joel and Tanya chatting there. 
The two of them had already registered their marriage and held a wedding. Now, they were already a formal couple. Logically speaking, they were newlyweds. Furthermore, the two of them had been apart for so long and had just reconciled. Now, their relationship was great. Tanya and Joel had been discussing their honeymoon even before the wedding… 
However, Tanya’s face was filled with worry. “I wonder how he is.” 
Joel comforted her. “It’ll be fine. It’s a prison, not a tiger’s den.” 
Tanya could not help but ask, “Can’t you think of a way to visit him?”
Joel was silent for a moment. 
If it was a normal department, she could definitely visit him. 
However, the special department had always had priority over all the other departments. The cases they handled were of the utmost importance! 
It was already difficult to get information from such a department, let alone visit it. 
He was silent for a moment before saying, “It’s not impossible. I’ll arrange it. Don’t worry.” 
Tanya sensed his momentary hesitation and suddenly asked, “Is the case my father is involved in very special?” 
When Joel saw that she had guessed it, he decided not to hide anything else. Therefore, he sighed and nodded. “Yes, it’s a little special. It’ll be difficult for us to meet, but we can find out about him through Nora.” 
Tanya lowered her head in disappointment. “Don’t. Nora has just been fired. It’s too hurtful to ask her now. Let’s think of another way!” 
Joel nodded. 
Nora heard these words and lowered her eyes. 
At this moment, her phone rang again. It was a message from Morris. He tried to act smart as he said, “Miss Smith, your vacation has been canceled. You can come back to work tomorrow.” 
Nora lowered her almond-shaped eyes. 
If she had not heard Tanya and Joel’s conversation, she would not have wanted to join the special department. After all, there were too many things to do and it was troublesome.
But now… If she stayed in the special department, at least Tanya would be more at ease. 
Furthermore, she could even go through the back door and bring Karl something like breakfast every day. 
As she thought about this, Nora replied: 
“Okay.” 
After sending the message, she entered. 
Joel and Tanya stood up upon hearing her footsteps. 
Tanya still looked carefree. “Nora, what were you doing this afternoon? I searched for you all afternoon but did not find you.” 
Nora noticed that she was pretending to be calm. Her almond-shaped eyes were raised a little. “I have good news to announce.” 
Tanya widened her eyes. “What good news?” 
Nora: “My position in the special department has been remitted! I’m going to work tomorrow. You can prepare some food and necessities for Karl. I’ll help you bring them in.” 
Upon hearing this, Tanya’s first reaction was not happiness but indignation. “On what basis? First, they chase you away, now they’re asking you to come back and you’re simply going to go back? No, you can’t accept this!” 
Nora stared at her. 
When she met Tanya overseas, she was like this. She clearly could not find her child, but she was enthusiastic about helping others find theirs.
Just like now, she would never consider things from her own perspective. Instead, she would think from Nora’s perspective. 
Nora lowered her eyes and smiled. “They begged me to come back. Besides, I also want to know what happened to my mother, so I’ll give them face!” 
Tanya was still concerned about her. “Did they beg hard?” 
Nora: “…Yes.” 
“How hard?” 
“They were just short of kneeling down and begging me.” 
“That’s more like it.” 
Their conversation was childish but warm. 
Joel glanced at Nora but did not say anything. 
The next day, Nora slept until noon again. She got up and had breakfast. When she was about to report to the special department, Tanya handed her a backpack. “There are quite a lot of things prepared for him. It’s a little heavy.” 
Nora casually picked up the bag that Tanya could only carry with two hands and placed it easily on her shoulder before leaving. 
Tanya: “…” 
When she drove to the special department, it was already noon.
Nora carried her bag and had just entered when she bumped into Captain Johnson, who was already discharged. He looked a little weak and his face was a little yellow. 
However, when he saw Nora, his expression changed drastically. His expression was very ugly as he scolded, “What time is it? You’re just coming to work?” 
Nora did not care about his reprimand. She took off her bag and threw it on the other shoulder. It happened to hit Captain Johnson, causing him to take a few steps back before he could stand firm. Nora looked at him coldly. “I’m sorry, Captain Johnson. My contract with the special department clearly states that my work hours are flexible.” 
At that time, she had especially added this because she wanted to slack off and sleep when she had nothing to do. 
Johnson: “…” 
He snorted. “What kind of work attitude is this?!” 
With that, he rushed out the door as if to welcome someone. 
Nora ignored him and entered the hall. She was about to look for Morris for him to approve her meeting with Karl when she saw Morris walking out of the canteen with a lunch box. 
He must have just had lunch. 
Nora walked over and the two of them nodded at each other. Just as Nora was about to speak, two claps suddenly came from the door. 
Everyone looked over and saw Captain Johnson standing there. When he saw that everyone was looking at him, he smiled and said, “Comrades, I know that your interrogation of the members of the mysterious organization has reached a stalemate, and the few bodyguards you caught haven’t revealed
any info! You all must know who the world’s most famous interrogation master is, right?” Upon hearing this, the people from the special department who had just returned from lunch shouted in unison, “Black Cat!” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Captain Johnson smiled. “So, I specially invited an expert here!” 
As he spoke, he moved aside and let the person standing behind him come out. 
It was a woman. 
She was wearing decent clothes and a business suit. There was a friendly and approachable smile on her face. When she smiled, she had two dimples that looked very sweet. She was like a close neighborhood sister. She nodded at everyone. “Hello, everyone. I’m very honored to join the special department and work with 
you.” 
“Wow!” 
There were very few female members in the special department. Everyone knew that Brenda was the queen of scumbags. Furthermore, as Captain Brenda, she was outstanding. When she trained with everyone, she would often beat them until they cried. Therefore, no matter how beautiful Brenda was, no one dared to have any feelings for her. 
On the other hand, Nora was too secluded and proud. Everyone maintained their respect for her, but it was difficult for them to have the intention to chase after her. 
However, this person was different…
“Is this Black Cat? Is Black Cat a woman?” 
Someone asked the question in his heart. Captain Johnson instantly smiled. “Of course not. Black Cat is too proud and aloof. He’s more difficult to find. She’s an interrogation master as famous as Black Cat. She’s also an internationally famous psychiatrist-Ruth.” Ruth continued to smile. “I’m a psychiatrist. I don’t need to use any means to obtain the information we want. Of course, I know that everyone is very respectful of Black Cat, and I’m also fortunate to have met him. He also said that he’s very interested in my interrogation techniques. If there’s a chance, we’ll compete and discuss together!” 
Nora: “” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Ruth was indeed a little famous internationally. The reason was… 
In order to apprehend a very evil crime boss, she had captured his subordinates and used special methods to force a confession. 
After this matter was exposed, everyone praised her for being a great interrogator. At the same time, Ruth’s reputation started soaring. 
She had even openly challenged Black Cat in public and said that his methods were too cruel. All humans were equal, and they did not advocate torture. 
At that time, Nora could not be bothered with her. She simply produced a book called the art of interrogation and defeated Ruth with it. 
Everyone held their own opinions about Black Cat and her methods, triggering a discussion. 
This was what had made her famous.
However, Nora scoffed at this. At that time, Karl had even asked if he should use some methods to suppress Ruth. After all, Ruth was clearly trying to take advantage of Black Cat’s popularity! 
Nora felt that there was no need. 
However… 
Nora smiled and mocked, “When did Black Cat say that she was interested in your interrogation techniques?” 
Why didn’t she remember saying this? Besides, she did not know Ruth!
###Chapter 552
Chapter 552 She Didn’t Remember She Knew Ruth 
Nora’s voice was cold. Even though everyone was talking about Ruth in private, these words still reached everyone’s ears clearly. 
Ruth’s fingers tightened. 
She looked at the woman who was talking calmly. She was wearing a black shirt tucked under her clothes and was casually carrying a big backpack. She looked valiant and cool as she stood there. 
That question seemed to have seen through her mind, making her feel a little guilty for a moment. 
Had she found out that she was lying? 
As soon as this thought surfaced, Captain Johnson sneered. “Nora, what do you mean? Only Black Cat knows if he has ever said such things. Are you Black Cat? Why are you questioning Ruth here?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and pursed her lips. 
Captain Johnson said again, “I know that women are generally petty. Are you unhappy when you see women more beautiful and popular than you? But this is not a reason for you to question others!” 
With that, he snorted. 
Ruth also returned to her senses. She still maintained her gentle persona and said with a smile, “Captain Johnson, it’s okay.” 
After saying that, she looked at Nora. “I’m indeed good friends with Black Cat.” 
Nora sneered. “Then tell me where Black Cat is. What does he look like?”
Ruth sighed. “I’m sorry. Black Cat likes to hide and relax, so I can’t expose his identity. This is also one of the prerequisites for me to come here and accept Captain Johnson’s invitation.” 
Captain Johnson immediately echoed, “Yes, so don’t pester Ruth about Black Cat. She won’t mention it!” 
Nora: “?” 
Tsk, this person was quite sly! 
The excuse she had found was perfect. 
Ruth did not give Nora a chance to speak again. Instead, she took out a big bag of coffee beans from her bag. “I specially brought this here. The taste is very good. Consider it a gift for everyone to try!” When she said this, the group of eternally-single men immediately took a step forward. 
“Okay, this way. The coffee machine is over here!” 
“Miss Ruth…” 
Ruth smiled gently. “You don’t have to call me Miss Ruth. Just call me Ruth. We’re all colleagues.” 
“Okay, Ruth. Coffee is my favorite! People in our line of work often stay up late. Coffee is indispensable!” Ruth kept smiling. “It seems like my gift was well received.” 
As Nora watched a group of people crowding around Ruth as she walked to the coffee machine, for the first time, she began to think that she was indeed not very good at handling 
things. 
Look at Ruth…
Why didn’t she invite everyone for coffee when she first came to the department? 
As she was thinking, she heard Morris’s voice. “What’s in your bag? It’s so heavy.” 
Morris casually picked it up, planning to help her carry it. Nora blinked. “There’s no need to trouble you, Captain Ford. The bag is filled with some clothes and food. I wonder if I can give it to Karl?” 
Morris thought about it and nodded. “Okay, but you have to go through a routine checkup before you can take it in.” 
“No problem.” 
Nora entered the interrogation room. 
She wanted to continue chatting with Karl. After all, last time, Karl wanted to say something, but he was interrupted by Captain Johnson. 
Since they were here to meet again, she had to get Karl to say what he could not say the last time! 
When they went through the security checks, Nora took out things one by one. Tanya had really prepared many things for Karl. 
Other than some snacks, there were also cigarettes and daily necessities. They were all acceptable, so he let them in. 
When they entered the interrogation room, Nora could still vaguely hear the young man guarding the door say, “There’s another girl in the department! Her character is especially good!…” 
Nora shook her head and entered the interrogation room.
However, when she saw Karl’s appearance, she frowned. “Uncle Karl, why have you become like this? What did you want to tell me last time? Can you tell me why you helped the mysterious organization bring people into New York?”
###Chapter 553
Chapter 553 Bullying Her? 
Karl’s face was flushed red. He did not feel like he was being monitored at all. Furthermore, he was not even wearing a prison uniform. He was still wearing the clothes he had worn when he was captured. He sat in the interrogation room in a very relaxed manner, as if this was not a prison cell but his own home. 
This was completely different from the first time Karl was captured. He seemed to be certain that nothing would happen to him. 
When he heard Nora’s question, he smiled. “Nora, I’m fine now. Help me pass a message to Tanya. I can see her in a few days! I’ll see her openly!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Why do you say that? Is there another reason why you transported the people from the organization into New York?” 
Karl was very calm. “Nora, I can’t tell you the truth yet, but you’ll find out sooner or later. Don’t be anxious, I’ll be fine too!” 
Nora: “…” 
She thought about it for a moment and handed him the bag. 
Karl instantly opened his bag and took out cooked beef. “Sigh, everything in this prison is good, but I don’t eat well. I eat grass all day. I’m dying of hunger! Nora, get Tanya to prepare some meat for me next time…” 
Seeing that he was still in the mood to be picky about food, Karl was really certain that he would be fine. But what had happened that made his mentality change so much? 
Nora thought of a possibility. She deliberately sat in front of Karl and said slowly, “Uncle Karl, tell me the truth. You’re not playing dirty, are you?” 
Karl chuckled and did not answer. He only glanced at Nora. 
Nora instantly understood. 
She was right! 
She was more certain than anyone else that the Assassin Alliance had nothing to do with the mysterious organization because as the number one assassin of the Assassin Alliance, she was actually the creator of the Assassin Alliance. 
Back then, she had handed the Assassin Alliance to Karl because she could not be bothered to manage it. 
Furthermore, she and Karl both had the rule that they could not break the law in New York! 
However, Karl suddenly took such a huge risk to accept the mission of the mysterious organization for a sum that she felt was not worth it. To her, bringing a group of people into New York was simply far- fetched! 
But what if Karl had been entrusted to bring someone to New York for them to capture? 
When she thought about this, Nora only felt that her thoughts were suddenly enlightened! 
Although Karl did not answer her question, he clearly admitted it in silence! Nora pursed her lips and suddenly asked, “Then whose informant are you?” 
Karl coughed. “I can’t say. I can’t say anything.”
As soon as he said this, Nora suddenly said, “Uncle Karl, do you know what happened at the wedding?” Karl was stunned. “What?” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “At that time, as a member of the special department, I was also wearing their earphones. When you brought Tanya up the red carpet and held me hostage, someone in the earphones ordered a sniper to kill you.” 
Karl was stunned. He frowned and asked, “Who gave the order?” 
Nora replied, “Captain Johnson. That day was the second day after he was transferred over.” 
Karl tensed up. 
After a moment, he laughed. “I understand. But don’t worry, he’s not my boss.” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that. 
What she said earlier was to prevent Karl from trusting Captain Johnson and revealing key information. However, seeing that Karl was so relaxed and the person in question was not Captain Johnson… Then, maybe Captain Johnson did not know his identity? 
It seemed like his contact was of a higher status than Captain Johnson and Morris? Otherwise, how could he guarantee that he would be released? 
Nora’s thoughts were running wild, but Karl had already said, “Don’t worry, I know what to do! Go back and tell Tanya that I’ll return gloriously. I won’t let her be the daughter of a criminal!” 
When Nora heard this, she stood up. “Okay.” 
She went out.
When she reached the door, she was still thinking that maybe Karl had never cared about his status in the past. But for his daughter, he had decided to clarify things and live like an honest man. 
After confirming that Karl was fine and that nothing would happen to him, Nora went out of the interrogation room. 
She went to the interrogation room where Caleb was being held. 
Caleb still did not speak much. He only ate a few mouthfuls to maintain his vital signs. Nora brought him some medicine and made him take it. However, Caleb still did not speak. 
Nora sighed. “Trueman seems to be very concerned about you. He keeps sending me messages asking you to take your medicine.” 
Hearing this, Caleb looked up at her. There seemed to be some ripples in his eyes, but he was still coughing violently. 
Looking at him like this and recalling how the Grays had protected her for so many years… Nora said, “I’ll make some cough medicine for you. Maybe it’ll make you more comfortable.” 
“Cough, cough, cough… There’s no need.” Caleb finally said, “It doesn’t matter if I treat this illness or not. There’s no need to waste your time.” 
However, Nora stood up. “It’s settled.” 
Although the medicine she made could not treat lung cancer, it could make Caleb more comfortable. It was really uncomfortable to see him cough so heartbreakingly all day. 
As she thought about this, Nora arrived at her office. She was about to push open the door and enter when she saw two people packing up. Ruth was standing at the door. 
Nora frowned. 
Before she could ask, Captain Johnson had already said, “Nora, vacate this office and let Ruth have it! She’s an interrogation master after all, and you’re a forensic doctor. Logically speaking, you shouldn’t have your own office. Besides, you’re free at work and you like to run around. I don’t think it will affect you much. It’s settled. Pack your things immediately.” 
Nora narrowed her eyes and sneered. “What if I don’t?” 
Captain Johnson immediately scolded, “If you don’t clean up, I’ll get someone to do it! I won’t be responsible for breaking your things!” 
Nora’s lips curled up slightly. Her gaze fell on Ruth, who was standing beside her with a relaxed expression. 
Tsk. 
It was fine if she relied on her reputation to rise in power. If this person really had interrogation techniques, she did not plan to fuss about it with Ruth. But why was she bullying her? 
Nora rubbed her wrist and moved her neck. 
In this life, she could endure anything except losing out.
###Chapter 554
Chapter 554 Hacker Q and Y 
Nora had always been a woman of few words. When solving problems, she would only use her fists and not her mouth. 
Although an office was nothing and she was rarely here, it was one thing for her to take the initiative to let go, forcing her to let go was too much. 
She narrowed her eyes and took a step forward. 
Captain Johnson frowned. The girl in front of him was clearly thin, but for some reason, he felt that she was very imposing. 
He straightened his neck and asked, “What are you doing? Are you still going to attack without listening to my command?” 
As soon as he said that, Nora punched him in the chest. 
Captain Johnson instantly frowned in pain and looked at her angrily. He waved his hands and rushed forward. “Nora, how dare you hit me? I’ll teach you a lesson now!” 
Nora sneered and moved her wrist again. She was about to beat this person up again when a stern voice was heard. “What are you doing?” Captain Johnson stopped in his tracks. The few of them turned around in unison and saw that Brenda had probably just returned from the training grounds. She was wearing a black jacket. Her wavy hair was tied into a ponytail, and she looked capable and neat. 
She rushed over. 
Just as Nora thought that she was here to scold her, she saw Brenda stop in front of her and look at Captain Johnson. “Captain Johnson, no matter what Nora did wrong, you shouldn’t have hit her! No matter what, she’s still a girl. She’s weak and can’t be compared to those smelly boys under you!” Nora: “?” 
She blinked and silently lowered her fists. 
Johnson: “” 
He felt like he had heard wrong. “What did you say? She was the one who attacked first!” 
His chest still hurt! 
Some people surrounded them. They did not know what had just happened. They could only hear Brenda say angrily, “You scolded her badly, so what if she hit you? Isn’t her little fist like a mosquito bite? You actually want to retaliate? This is my sister-in-law. Come at me if you have anything! Let’s fight on the field if you dare?” 
Captain Johnson shouted angrily, “What do you mean like a mosquito bite? Her punch clearly hurt!” 
With that, he pulled open his shirt and pointed at his chest for everyone to see. “My chest is red!” 
When he said this, he saw that everyone was looking at him strangely. Captain Johnson lowered his head and realized that because of his heart attack, he had been sent to the hospital for emergency treatment. This was why his chest was still red. 
Brenda sneered. “Captain Johnson, your scam is too interesting- This clearly happened when the hospital was trying to save you, right? But now you’re saying that it was my sister-in-law who did it. It’s clearly a scam!” 
Her words were filled with mockery.
The others also said, “Captain Johnson, forget it. Why are you fussing about it with a young girl? Besides, Miss Smith saved your life! We men should be more generous. Don’t keep fussing all the time.” Johnson: “” 
He was about to explode with anger. He felt that he was so aggrieved! What little girl? You bunch of bastards! No one was stronger than her! 
Just that punch alone made him want to throw up his lunch! 
However, this group of people did not believe it! 
When everyone was criticizing Captain Johnson, a hint of surprise flashed across Nora’s light almond- shaped eyes. Huh? Something like this was possible? 
And she herself had unknowingly been made a delicate girl. 
However, when she saw how everyone was protecting her, Nora felt that it was not bad to occasionally act delicate. 
As her thoughts were running wild, Brenda said, “Nora, what’s going on?” 
Nora did not correct her. She pointed at the people working in the room. “They want to force me out of my office.” 
Brenda’s expression instantly darkened. “Isn’t this going too far?! Why? Nora came first, and you want her to give up her seat for the next person? On what basis?” 
Captain Johnson sneered. “She’s a forensic doctor. What does she need an office for? I think there’s a workstation outside! Ruth is a psychiatrist and an interrogation master. Of course she needs her own office! Besides, this office is good and very suitable for Ruth. She has her eyes on this office too…”
Accompanying his words, Ruth took a step forward and sighed with a smile. “Captain Johnson, isn’t this a misunderstanding? I didn’t know there was someone here. If I had known that it was Miss Smith’s office, I definitely wouldn’t have fought for it. Alright, alright. Don’t make a fuss over a small matter. I can work anywhere. It’s fine even if I get a work desk outside. Don’t make everyone lose face.” 
When Captain Johnson heard this, he nodded and looked at Nora. He sneered. “Learn from Miss Ruth. She didn’t complain about not having an office! Why are women so petty?!” 
After that, without giving Nora a chance to speak, Captain Johnson held his chest and took Ruth to the office beside him. 
After the two of them left, Brenda grabbed Nora’s arm. “Nora, hurry up and show me. Are you hurt anywhere? If you’re hurt, my brother would definitely not let me off! Why are you so stupid? Why are you fighting head-on with Captain Johnson? He’s a man, and you’re a woman. If you fight him like this, you’ll definitely be the one at a disadvantage!” 
Nora: “…” 
Where did Brenda get the illusion that her body was soft and easy to bruise? Uh, no, it was because she was weak? 
She grimaced. “I’m fine.” 
Then, she entered the office. 
In the office, she was about to play with her phone or take a nap when a group of people suddenly gathered outside the door. Everyone was chatting with Ruth. 
“Do you really know Black Cat?”
Someone asked. 
Ruth smiled and did not speak. She pretended to pull a zipper over her mouth. “I can’t say it-“ 
Everyone smiled and stopped asking. 
At this moment, a colleague from the Internet department of the special department, Damon, said, “I don’t have any feelings for Black Cat. I’m only interested in a few well-known hackers. Captain Johnson said he wanted to invite Q over, but he hasn’t invited him yet…” 
When Ruth heard this and saw that everyone had changed the topic, she immediately lowered her eyes. “Speaking of which, Q isn’t the best hacker in the hacker world, right? Y is the best hacker.” 
In the Hacker Alliance, since Nora was too lazy to manage things, everything was handled by 
When they heard Ruth’s words, everyone looked at her. “Forget about Y, we haven’t even seen Q.” 
As soon as they said this, Ruth smiled. “Actually, I know Y.” 
Nora instantly pricked up her ears.
###Chapter 555
Chapter 555 Go! 
Nora was originally not interested, but when Ruth said this, she instantly pricked up her ears. 
Ruth knew Y… In other words, she knew Justin? 
Heh. 
Nora smiled sarcastically. 
The people outside were already in an uproar. “You know Y? That’s too awesome. Who on earth is Y?” 
Ruth sighed. “Y only serves Hunt Corporation and never takes on any missions outside. It’s useless even if I tell you who Y is!” 
When Damon heard this, he lowered his head in disappointment. “You’re right.” 
He lowered his head in dejection. “Our department recently encountered a difficult problem and wanted to ask Q and Y for help. Unfortunately, we don’t know these two people.” 
Hearing this, Ruth deliberately looked at Nora’s office and said, “I heard that Q has become Smith Corporation’s online consultant? If there’s a problem, why don’t we ask Miss Smith for help? After all, Miss Smith is the eldest daughter of the Smiths. It should be a matter of a word for Q to come over…” 
Damon’s eyes instantly lit up. He suddenly turned his head and looked at Nora’s office. 
Nora: “…” 
Damon’s eyes were burning through the glass door.
Nora lowered her eyes and stood up. She walked to the door and pulled the curtains down, cutting off the view outside. 
Everyone was speechless. 
The corners of Damon’s mouth twitched. Then, he lowered his head and whispered, “Miss Smith is solitary, cold, and proud. We don’t dare ask her for help.” 
At the thought of this, Ruth stood up. “Then I’ll try!” 
Hearing Ruth’s words sensitively, Nora opened the door immediately and walked out. She could not be bothered to deal with this woman. 
Furthermore, she could not expose her identity as Q. Ruth, who was standing at the door and about to greet her: “…” 
The others turned their heads quickly and pretended not to see Ruth’s awkwardness. 
Ruth sighed and walked back. “Forget it, I’ll help you. Send me the problems you encountered. I’ll ask Y tonight.” 
Damon’s eyes lit up. “Really? Okay!” 
Damon sent the problems he had encountered to Ruth. Ruth took the questions and returned to the office. She looked at the people outside and a confident smile appeared on her face. 
However, she then found the hacker’s website and privately messaged Y: “Master, hello. I’m a programming lover. I encountered a few small problems and wanted to consult with you. Please name a price. I’ll only ask a few small questions!” 
After sending the message, she waited for Y’s reply.
She believed that Y would not ignore her if she was willing to pay a high price for such a small problem. Furthermore, even if Y ignored her, she could tell Damon that Y was busy and had not replied. 
Soon it was time to get off work. Damon came to knock on the door. Ruth sighed. “Y lives in a different country and lives an inverted life from us. He hasn’t replied to my message!” 
Damon understood. “I understand, I understand! Masters have more personalities! I understand. I’m willing to wait!” 
Ruth nodded and went out with Damon. 
On the way, she met various colleagues in the special department greeting her. On the first day Ruth came, she received a lot of goodwill from everyone! 
— 
Nora returned to the Smiths. When she stopped the car, she saw a white Land Rover beside her. Louis was wiping it with a towel over there, looking like he loved it very much. Nora raised her eyebrows. “Is this new?” 
Louis immediately nodded. “Yes, I was despised by the beauties. They all refused to be my girlfriend. Sigh! Chester said that it was because my car was too lousy. I had no choice but to change to a new car!” 
This car had cost him $90,000! 
However, when he thought about it, he realized that he would receive gifts and cash worth a few million dollars if he got married. Therefore, he decided to invest. 
However, when he thought of this $90,000, his heart ached!
Nora: “…Are you sure those girls didn’t want to be your girlfriend because of your car?” Louis nodded. “I think so… Nora, what do you mean? Do you despise me?” 
Nora did not say anything and agreed silently. 
Louis: “…” 
Louis was very angry, but he thought of Nora’s bank card and decided to endure it! 
He said, “Nora, my car will be yours from now on. You can drive it anywhere if you need! Just remember to help me when you take the car!” 
Help him? 
Nora did not reject his kindness and could only cough. “Yes, you can definitely chase after a girl! Go for it!” Louis was stunned. A huge question mark appeared on his head. 
Nora was puzzled. “What’s wrong?” 
Louis: “…What I mean is, when you take the car out, remember to put gas in it! Don’t cheer me on!” 
Nora ignored the awkwardness and went upstairs. 
After entering, she picked up her computer and hacked into the special department. Since she was a member of the special department, she had to help with some things. 
If there was a problem with the Internet Department, she would go in and help fix the bug. 
After fixing all the problems Damon had mentioned, she logged out of the computer and went to bed. 
Yes, she would not leave her name even if she did a good deed!
The next day, she went to the special department as usual. As soon as she entered, she saw Ruth and Damon sitting in the hall together. Damon was sitting there with his head lowered, looking grateful. 
Ruth smiled gently and shook her head. She said something. 
Nora ignored them and went to the office. 
On the way, she heard her colleagues discussing. 
“They’re both daughters of wealthy families. People are really different!” 
“Yes, Miss Smith is too arrogant. I don’t even dare to trouble her. I didn’t expect Ruth to be so easy-going and help us so much!” “Besides, Ruth is always smiling. She looks easy to get along with.” 
“In comparison, I think Ruth is better. Miss Smith is a little too cold…” 
Nora ignored the discussion and entered the office. She saw Brenda sitting there unhappily. “Nora, did you hear that? You’re about to become a bad person in the department! That Ruth is too pretentious! I really don’t know what she did to make people respect her so much!” 
Nora glanced at her. “Is that why you’re in my office?” 
“No.” 
Brenda stood up. “Justin wanted me to ask why you didn’t reply to his message last night.” 
Of course, it was because Ruth said she knew Y! 
Nora did not speak.
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from outside the door. “Have you heard? Ruth helped the Internet Department contact Y! She solved their big problem! She’s really awesome!” 
Nora: “” 
Who had solved the big problem in the Internet department
###Chapter 556
Chapter 556 Ruth Digs Her Own Grave! 
Nora frowned, her displeasure at its maximum. 
She had disliked Ruth very much ever since the first time they had met. 
Not only did she use Black Cat to hype herself up, but she had also used Y to make the others like her… She sure was flattering herself a lot. 
To think she had actually stolen the credit for the good deed that Nora had done anonymously the night before, though? 
Hah. 
Nora cast her eyes down, feeling a little displeased. However, she had always been easy-going in nature, so she didn’t say anything. After all, she couldn’t possibly just go up to everyone all of a sudden and say that she was Q. She still had to keep her identity a secret. 
But despite her not making any trouble, she never expected that her conflict with Ruth would come this quickly! 
At two to three o’clock in the afternoon, just as she was about to leave and go home out of boredom, she ran straight into Ruth! 
Ruth, who had her head lowered and was carrying documents in her arms, walked over hastily and collided with Nora! 
Nora immediately stepped back and quickly avoided the impact of the collision. However, as Ruth was in high heels, she fell onto the floor.
Thud! 
A loud collision rang out in the hall. Upon hearing the sound, the others all rushed out. 
“Are you alright?” 
“Ruth, are you okay?” 
A look of pain came over Ruth’s face. As she massaged her lower back and got onto her feet, she looked at Nora and sighed. “Ms. Smith, why didn’t you grab me just now?” 
Nora: “” 
She frowned and stared at Ruth. Then, she replied unhurriedly, “I didn’t react in time.” 
Ruth’s sweet and pretty facial features scrunched up into a look of pain, making everyone feel bad for her. 
She massaged her lower back and sighed again. “Never mind, I’m alright anyway, I won’t blame you for it.” 
Nora’s mind was full of question marks again. 
What was she blaming her for? 
Her brows drew together. When she turned and got ready to leave, Ruth suddenly said, “Ms. Smith, you look rather free to me, can you do me a favor? I need to photocopy these documents, but I think I may have to sit for a while. Can you photocopy them for me?” The look in Nora’s eyes turned cold at once. She turned to Ruth and immediately replied, “I’m not free.” 
Was she making her do chores?
Ruth was clearly trying to take her down a notch! 
When she was about to leave after her reply, Damon suddenly lost his temper. He said, “That’s enough, Ms. Smith! There should be a limit to everything you do. Just because we aren’t holding it against you, it doesn’t mean that you can behave so brazenly!” 
Nora: “” 
Damon shouted furiously, “What did you mean when you said you didn’t react in time? I saw with my own eyes that you took a step back. You obviously could have caught Ruth and prevented her from falling, yet you didn’t reach out. I’d wager it doesn’t even occur to selfish people like you to help others, right?” Damon continued yelling out his thoughts. “Q obviously works in the Smith Corporation. Now that the team has run into problems, all you need to do is say the word and he would help, yet you are unwilling to help us out! In contrast, look at what Ruth did. She waited until the middle of the night yesterday for Y to come online to solve the huge problem for us!” 
Nora’s gaze suddenly turned frosty. “Q doesn’t receive a single cent of remuneration from the special department.” 
So why should he think that Q should provide her services to the special department?! 
Moreover, never mind that she had done a good deed anonymously, and never mind that Ruth had stolen all her credit-but now they were actually using the credit of what she had done to make things difficult for her? 
Hah, then there was no way she could let this go so easily anymore! 
The moment she said that, Damon choked on his breath. 
To be honest, Damon was actually aware that his resentment toward Nora was unjustified. Q was a network consultant that the Smiths had externally hired, so why should he provide his services to the
special department? 
But the scariest thing among humans was direct comparison! Before Ruth joined the department, Nora’s attitude would only have given people the impression that she was haughty and beyond one’s reach. However, after Ruth joined the team, she had personally helped to contact Y and even straight-up fixed the special department’s network issues for them. 
Comparing one to another would only pointlessly vex oneself. 
Now that they had someone to compare her with, it made Nora seem too selfish and callous! 
With that in mind, Damon cheered himself on and said angrily, “Yes, the special department has certainly never paid Q a single cent, but the special department serves the people! If even Ruth can approach Y and beg him for so long to help us out, why couldn’t you approach Q?” 
He was twisting reason and resorting to fallacious arguments now. 
Nora ignored him. Instead, she turned to Ruth, let out an icy sneer, and then said, “So, it’s thanks to you that the IT Department’s network was fixed? You were the one who went to Y and asked him to fix it?” 
Ruth sighed when she heard what she said. To be honest, she hadn’t seen Y come online at all even after waiting the whole night the day before. She’d originally been planning to make up an excuse to gloss things over, but unexpectedly, the moment she reached the special department, Damon had rushed up to her excitedly and thanked her for her efforts. 
Someone had gone online and hacked into the system the previous night, and also helped them repair the system.
Ruth had been dumbfounded at the time, but because Damon kept thanking her, causing all the other colleagues around them to also thank her, she had tacitly admitted to it. 
After all, according to Damon, Y and Q were the only people who could soundlessly infiltrate the special department’s network and fix their bugs! 
It was impossible for Q to be the one who had done it. After all, the special department had already approached Q so many times, but he had completely ignored them. 
In that case, it could only be Y. 
Y must have seen her request and come over to help. 
Seeing that Nora had adopted an attitude like that, Ruth sighed and said, “Ms. Smith, there’s no need to focus on whose credit it was. I’m just helping out my colleagues. Just like Damon said, we’re all serving the people here.” 
Her choice of words simply couldn’t get any prettier! 
Nora narrowed her eyes and asked once more, “Did you or did you not ask Y to help the IT department with the bug fixes?” 
Ruth narrowed her eyes. Faced with such an aggressive inquiry, she could only bite the bullet and answer, “Yes, I did!” 
Damon and their other colleagues immediately spoke up. 
“Ruth, you are so impressive! We thank you on behalf of the special department!”
“Yeah. You’ve only just joined us, yet you’re doing so much for the special department and being so concerned for us. You’ve done the IT department such a big favor. You’re setting such a good example for us all! We need more comrades like you in the department!” 
“Good employees like you are so rare these days~ Some people just can’t be compared to you!” 
Ruth, who was being showered with compliments, adopted a very humble attitude on the surface. She gave them an exceptionally sincere smile and said, “No, these are things that I should be doing.” Damon immediately said mockingly, “To you, these are things that you should be doing, but for some people, even though they obviously just needed to lift a finger to help out… People shouldn’t be too selfish! Especially people in our line of work. If everyone decides to be selfish, then how are we going to protect the society and keep the peace?!” 
Nora cast her eyes down frostily as she listened to what they said. 
She had really become angry this time. 
She slowly shifted her gaze to Damon and asked coldly, “Who says Y was the one who fixed the bug?” 
Damon was stunned to hear that. He replied, “What do you mean? Who else could it be if not Y, Q?”
###Chapter 557
Chapter 557 The Face-Slapping Continues! 
When Nora heard this, she countered with a question of her own: “Why not?” 
Damon didn’t believe her at first. “How can that be?! Captain Johnson has already invited Q to join the team so many times, but Q didn’t respond at all. Besides, because you are so cold and distant, Ruth said that your status among the Smiths may not be very high, so maybe you can’t assign tasks to Q. Because of that, she told us not to give you any trouble… Therefore, it is impossible for Q to have fixed it!” 
Her status wasn’t high among the Smiths? She wouldn’t be able to get Q to do something for her? 
Nora looked at Ruth again. 
Ruth stood where she was uneasily and immediately said, “Damon, those are just my private speculations. Don’t word it so bluntly.” 
She felt really embarrassed. 
Damon actually hadn’t been resentful toward Nora initially the day before. It was under Ruth’s purposeful guidance that he had slowly become brainwashed and felt that working for the special department was an honor and that it was every citizen’s duty to serve the special department! 
This had led to him becoming resentful toward Nora. He had said, “I am going to talk to her tomorrow. Even someone like you, who has just returned from abroad, is dedicated to the country and the homeland. As the young lady of the Smiths, she comes from an even better family background than you and enjoys an even higher social status, so why doesn’t she have a sense of responsibility?” 
His words had displeased Ruth. 
She sighed and replied, “Everyone has their own difficulties. Interpersonal relationships among the wealthy are also complex. Some people don’t hold any work positions in their families. Even though they say that they are from rich families, they just look a bit more glamorous on the surface, that’s all. Who knows what it’s like for them in private…” Damon had understood what she meant at once. He said, “You mean Nora’s status among the Smiths may not be high enough? But isn’t she the only daughter of the previous head of the Smiths? The current head of the family is the previous head’s nephew, you know!” 
Ruth smiled and looked at him. “There you go. The current head of the family is the previous head’s nephew. This means that they aren’t real siblings…” 
Damon immediately felt like he had understood something. He nodded and said, “I get it now.” 
That was how it had led to the conversation just now. 
After Ruth made that ambiguous statement, Damon went on. “At first, I’d thought that you must be quite pitiful at home, so I didn’t ask you for help anymore. Neither have I ever forced you to make any contribution to the special department. But for you to make things difficult for Ruth when you haven’t even done anything for the department… You’re too much! Are you upset that she managed to get Y to help?” 
As Nora listened to him prattle on, she kept her head down and continued to use her phone, ignoring him. 
She had always been someone who preferred to let her actions speak for themselves. 
Meanwhile, Damon was still complaining. “I have always liked Q and Y, the two of them are every programmer’s idols. I also believe that Q is a patriotic person, it’s just that you have never been willing to convey our messages to him, that’s all! Never mind that you aren’t introducing him to the team, but how can you still be jealous of other people?”
He was really noisy. 
Nora became even more annoyed. She pressed the Enter key on the phone. 
Then, she raised her head. 
Next to them, Ruth had already slowly opened her mouth. She said, “Don’t say any more, Damon. Everyone has their own lifestyle, we mustn’t impose our own standards on others. Being strict with ourselves and being lenient with others is the best quality one can have.” 
She spoke patiently and used her words methodically to guide everyone’s thoughts. On top of that, her voice was sweet and pleasant, and she even had two dimples on her face when she smiled. 
This immediately made everyone around them find Ruth even more approachable. 
The contrast between the two women was simply too strong. 
At this moment, Johnson and Morris also came over. 
Seeing the group of them there, Johnson frowned and asked, “What are all of you gathering around here for?! Slacking off?” 
“No…” Damon walked over and quickly explained what had happened. 
Ruth hurriedly tried to get Nora off the hook again. She said, “Captain Johnson, Captain Ford, don’t hold it against Ms. Smith. She must have her own difficulties too…” 
Johnson sneered, his eyes sweeping over Nora. He looked at Morris and said, “Morris, even though you are now the acting director, I still have a better eye for people than you! Even the person you picked
trying to bring special talents into the department is so irresponsible. In this respect, you still have lots more to learn from me!” 
Then, he looked at Ruth and Nora. “Capabilities and so on are secondary for people specially recruited into the special department. What matters the most is, ultimately, still one’s character! After all, this is a special department!” 
Morris frowned. He wasn’t very convinced. 
Previously, it was because Nora had gotten a hacker to help them out that they had managed to identify the hotel that Trueman was staying at. 
Later, it was only after word, that Q was working for the Smiths, had gotten out that all of them had speculated that Q was the hacker that Nora had approached. Nora might seem like a cold person all the time, but when he thought of how she had fought the people at the martial arts tournament and the boxing champion one-on-one after Quentin met with harm… 
She was a loyal person who stood up for her friends and family. 
If she really hadn’t helped, then there could only be one reason why-Damon had upset her. 
But… whether to help or not was an individual’s own decision in the first place. 
Morris lowered his head and said, “I don’t think we should claim the moral high ground to guilt-trip others.” 
Johnson immediately reprimanded him. “What do you mean by claiming the moral high ground? You youngsters come up with all sorts of reasonings and use an endless string of different terms. Back in our
era, all we had was a passion for the department! If everyone stands back whenever something happens, how bleak would society become?!”. 
He didn’t hold back at all when he reprimanded Morris and didn’t show the respect that he should be to the acting director. 
He was deliberately taking Morris down a notch in front of everyone. 
He wanted everyone to know that even though Morris was the acting director of the special department, he still had the final say when it came to seniority! 
His words made Morris frown. 
It didn’t matter that he was reprimanded, but if Nora was the one being reprimanded… 
He was about to say something when someone from the IT department suddenly ran over and shouted, “Damon, Damon! This is terrible!” 
Damon was taken aback. Everyone turned around in unison and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
The man gasped for breath and replied, “Our network was hacked into again a moment ago. The other party has sent us a message.” 
Damon asked, “What did they say?” 
“I am Q, not Y.” 
Damon: “!” 
Everyone: “”
Stunned by the news, everyone looked at Nora, only to see her standing there calmly… If she told them that she had asked Q to help, the group of them would definitely continue to whine. Thus, she had decided that she would just use her actions to prove it instead. 
She didn’t give much of an explanation, but Brenda stepped forward and said, “I get it now! It’s you who got Q to help, Nora!” 
Everyone looked at her in unison. Brenda explained, “When we were tracking Trueman the other time, Damon wasn’t skilled enough to do it. It was the hacker whom Nora had approached who pinpointed the hotel as his location! That hacker must have been Q. right? The person who fixed the network bug for us free of charge last night was also Q!” 
1111 
The whole corridor fell silent. 
Damon’s eyes widened and he looked at Nora in surprise. “Were you really the one who helped us?” 
Then, he turned back to Ruth in confusion. “But didn’t you say that it was you who got Y to help?” 
Ruth clenched her fists. 
She hadn’t expected things to turn around this way! 
However, she’d already thought that this might happen when she falsely claimed the credit, so she managed to remain calm and composed. She even acted surprised and said, “Y said he would help, though! Wasn’t it Y who did it?” 
After speaking, she deliberately took out her cell phone and took a look. “I’ll ask him.” 
She went to the side and sent a message.
Brenda, however, launched straight into mockery mode. She said, “Oh my, is there still a need to ask, though?! What’s this? Are you already starting to steal other people’s credit when you’ve only just joined the special department?” 
Then, she pretended to reprimand Nora. “And you too, Nora! Why are you so silly?! In the future, remember to leave your name behind after you do good deeds, get it? 
“Those who understand you all know that, even though you look like a cold person, you’re actually very enthusiastic deep down. You obviously did the IT department a big favor last night, yet you had to suffer all these ridiculous accusations after coming to the office today! It’s too much!” 
Every word of hers was like a knife that stabbed right at all the people who had condemned Nora just now. 
They were all straightforward men. Knowing that they had misunderstood her, some of them immediately apologized. “Sorry about that, Nora! We really didn’t know…” 
“Yeah. What’s going on, though? Ruth claimed the credit for herself just like that. It’s only because we misunderstood that we…” 
“Why did Ruth claim false credit for it, though?” 
While everyone was talking about it, Ruth returned. With a guilty look on her face, she immediately said, “I’m sorry, everyone! It was a misunderstanding on my part! After so long, it turns out that it was a misunderstanding!” 
After speaking, she handed her cell phone to Damon. 
Displayed on the screen was her chat history with Y on Messenger. 
Ruth: ‘Wasn’t it you who helped us fix the network bug last night?’
Y: ‘No. When I infiltrated the system after agreeing to help, I found that the bug had already been fixed, but I forgot to tell you about it.’ 
Ruth sighed and said, “Y has always been unsociable and eccentric, and he rarely speaks. He didn’t inform me about it. Moreover, the moment I arrived at the office today, Damon said that the bug had been fixed, so I assumed it was Y… Ms. Smith, I formally apologize for what I said just now! You should still speak up if something happens again next time, though The department is full of men, so their thoughts are all very straightforward. They won’t get it if you don’t say anything.” 
Tsk. 
She was accusing Nora of not being genuine enough now. 
Nora looked at her and asked, “Are you very familiar with Y?” 
To think she even had him on her Messenger! 
Even she didn’t have Y as a contact on Messenger. The chat window in the Hacker Alliance was her only way of contacting Y! 
Ruth was too much! 
The rest, however, felt enlightened. “I knew it, it’s just a misunderstanding!” 
Elsewhere, Brenda, who had already walked out of the crowd, stared at Ruth. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly beeped. 
She looked down and saw a message from Justin: ‘Have you asked her? Why is Nora ignoring me?’
Brenda took out her cell phone and sent Justin an audio message: “It’s all y’s fault, Justin. If I were Nora, I would also be really mad! Someone named Ruth, who joined the department recently, said that she’s friends with Y and embarrassed Nora! Quick, go and ask him why he has a friend like that!” 
Justin: “?” 
To think that was why Nora was angry! In that case, he would have to explain things properly to the public!
###Chapter 558
Chapter 558 I’m Y 
Justin narrowed his eyes and called Brenda straightaway. He asked, “What exactly is going on? Make it clear.” 
He obviously wouldn’t know that a new employee had joined the special department, so he needed to ask for the specifics. 
Brenda told him what had happened. 
Justin fell silent. Then, he said, “I see.” 
Brenda: “ 
She panicked. “What do you mean ‘I see’? Ruth is no kind soul! It’s obvious that she’s a complete bitch, and she keeps making things difficult for Nora in the department both openly and secretly! It’s so infuriating! Hurry up and contact Y! Doesn’t he listen to you the most? Get him to just blacklist Ruth, lest she uses his name to throw her weight about here!!” 
Justin replied, “Yeah okay, I’m hanging up.” 
Brenda: “” 
As she stared at the disconnected phone, she simply felt so anxious on Justin’s behalf. 
Nora was already so mad. Why didn’t he seem anxious at all? Besides, this was really a tricky situation. 
After all, Y was only an employee of the Hunt Corporation. To be honest, even Justin wouldn’t have the right to interfere with Y’s right to make friends, right?
In addition, most of the employees in the special department were men. Once they cleared things up, they would all just drop it and wouldn’t hold any grudges. 
As a result, the atmosphere had returned to a harmonious one now. 
“Ruth, are you actually that familiar with Y?! You actually have him on Messenger! And he instantly replies to your messages too!” 
Ruth lowered her head and smiled. “We’re alright, I guess. He didn’t reply to me the whole day yesterday, though, so I got angry last night. That’s why he’s paying extra attention today.” 
Nora: ?“ 
Hah! 
That scumbag had sent her a few messages the day before, but she hadn’t paid him any attention. As it turned out, he had gone to coax Ruth and make her happy instead? Although Ruth might not even know Y in reality, she just didn’t feel like paying any attention to Justin now! 
Nora took a deep breath. 
At this time, Damon walked up to her and bowed a little. “Sorry about that, Nora! I was too impulsive just now! I mouthed off to you when I didn’t even know what was going on. I know you’re probably still angry. You can beat me up and vent your anger!” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed as she looked at Damon. She couldn’t be bothered to hit him, though, so she said, “No, it’s fine.” 
She wasn’t trying to specifically help Damon when she helped the special department, so it didn’t matter to her one bit what he had said.
Seeing how distant she was being, Damon flushed as red as a tomato. He knew that he was in the wrong, so he did not dare to ask for Nora’s forgiveness, either. As such, he could only take a step back in embarrassment. 
At this moment, Johnson suddenly looked at Nora. “Ms. Smith, since you can get Q to do what you want, then why don’t you, on behalf of the special department, try asking Q to join us again?” 
Nora glanced at him and replied very slowly, “Q cannot be bothered to join the department.” 
She turned around and got ready to leave. 
However, it was at this point that she suddenly heard Ruth take the initiative to speak. She said, “I’ll try asking Y when I’m free! Y is unsociable and eccentric, though, and all masters of art have hot tempers, so he may not 
agree.” 
Johnson was overjoyed. “That’s great! You have to help us out on this, Ruth!” 
Then, he looked at Nora and sneered again, “Isn’t it just doing the IT department a small favor? I don’t know what some people are so arrogant for.” Nora: “” 
She abruptly turned to Johnson, only to see that he was already singing praises of Ruth. “You’re really a great comrade to have, Ruth. If you can get y onto the team for us, then you would be making a huge contribution to the team! I will definitely promote you!” 
Ruth lowered her head and beamed as she said, “Nah, a promotion isn’t necessary. I’m just hoping that the special department will do better and better.”
“You are so self-aware! Unlike some people, who only care about themselves and never take the department into consideration! You are a much better person than her!” 
Johnson continued to compliment her. 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully and kept quiet. Morris came up to her, lowered his voice, and said, “Don’t hold it against them! I know that you’ve done a lot for the department.” 
Nora: “…” 
Was Morris afraid that she would get angry, so he had specially come over to comfort her? 
There was no need for that, though! 
It wasn’t like she was a child. 
Nora was about to speak when a hesitant voice traveled over from the side again. “Nora… I know you’re very angry with me, but I’d still like to be a little thick-skinned and ask you something… Can you introduce Q to me? Me? I promise I won’t disturb him. I’ll only ask him the occasional question.” 
Nora looked at Damon. The man had already lost the accusatory attitude from just now, and there was a pleading look in his eyes. 
Nora sighed and replied, “Q doesn’t have a Messenger account.” 
As soon as she said that, Ruth’s surprised voice rang out. “Q doesn’t have a Messenger account? How can that be?! Everyone uses Messenger to contact one another these days, so why wouldn’t he have one?” 
Her words made the atmosphere turn somewhat grave again.
Everyone looked at one another, a guess forming in their hearts. However, they were too embarrassed to say it, for fear that they would embarrass Nora. 
Johnson, however, was more than happy to blow things up. He immediately said, “Q probably has one, just that Nora doesn’t know his account, right? That’s why you say that he doesn’t have one. Here I was, thinking that you were really familiar with Q. Did you have to ask for your elder brother’s approval first when you asked Q for help?”. 
His words were overflowing with mockery! 
Everyone else immediately shut up, not daring to speak anymore. 
Everyone looked at Nora, hoping that she would not get mad. 
Nora, however, narrowed her eyes. “Even so, I have the means to contact Q, do you?” 
Johnson: “” 
He had nothing to say to that! 
Just as everyone was at a loss as to what to say, someone suddenly ran over and said, “This is terrible! Someone has hacked our network again!” 
The moment he said that, Damon and another member of the IT department hurriedly rushed over to the IT department. 
Nora thought for a while and followed them over as well. 
On the way there, Ruth remarked worriedly, “Surely Q didn’t leave an opening when he was fixing the bug, right? Otherwise, why would we be hacked?”
The few of them entered the IT department just as she said that. 
All the screens of the computers in the IT department had gone black. Damon was typing on the keyboard, but the screen was completely black without anything on it. 
“What’s going on? The other party is a computer expert, we aren’t their match at all!” 
“How did they hack into the system? This is too weird!” “Our firewall has always been very strong, so ordinary hackers can’t get in at all. Q was the one who hacked into the system to fix the bug for us last night. Apart from Q, there’s pretty much no one else who can hack into the system…” While the few of them were quietly complaining, a chat box suddenly popped up on the computer. Then, a row of words appeared: 
“Hello, everyone. Don’t worry, I’m Y.”
###Chapter 559
Chapter 559 I Don’t Have A Messenger Account 
Y? 
The entire special department was stunned. 
Damon, who was seated in front of the computer, even cried out with excitement, “Y! Oh my god, to think I have the opportunity to talk to Y in this lifetime of mine!” 
Someone echoed him. “First, it was Q who invaded us today, now it’s Y. What kind of sheer dumb luck is the special department having? My god, I feel like I can brag to everyone else in this line of work from now on! This is a big boss we’re talking about here!” 
The people next to them were stunned. 
“But why is Y suddenly hacking into our system?” 
“Yeah, and with such a big fanfare too. No one introduces themselves the moment they appear, right? Besides, judging from his tone, he doesn’t have ill intentions.” 
Someone glanced at Ruth and made a guess. “Could it be that Y has specially come over to explain on behalf of Ruth? Is he afraid that we won’t believe her? There is actually really no need for him to do that…” 
“It’s also possible that Y is saying hi to us on account of Ruth, right? Also, judging from what he said, Y seems very friendly…” 
“Can I quietly say something? Y feels more approachable than Q. Q is too cold and unapproachable~”.
“What’s the point now? I’ve already heard everything you said. Besides, Ms. Smith is still here. What if she overhears and tells Q?” 
While everyone was speculating, Johnson laughed again and said, “Seems like Mr. Y is a very polite man! I’ve also sent him an email before to invite him to join the special department, but he didn’t pay me any attention. Come to think of it, Ruth gets more respect from him after all!” 
“As expected, the relationship between Y and Ruth isn’t a simple one after all!” 
“If all this is true, then I suddenly have a bold guess here, and that is—Y likes Ruth!” 
Nora: “” 
What the f*ck? 
Was this something that could be tolerated? 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she sneered, “That’s not necessarily true.” 
“Even if it’s not necessarily true, it’s still Ruth who got Y here!” Johnson said, “Therefore, no matter how you look at it, it’s all still Ruth’s credit!” He looked at Morris again. “You must consider one’s personality when you recruit someone! Morris, this is not an era where an individual should be trying to play the hero. Teamwork is what matters the most! An approachable person like Ruth would definitely bring more pleasant surprises to the department!” 
Johnson looked at Ruth and said, “Work hard, Ruth! You have a promising future!” 
Ruth, who had been utterly stunned when Y appeared: “…” 
She stared at the computer screen blankly, feeling dumbfounded! 
Why was Y here?
While she was still surprised, another few words appeared on the screen: “Apologies, I don’t have a Messenger account, so I can only use this method to clarify some things with everyone.” 
No personal Messenger account… 
When those four words appeared, Ruth felt as if a bomb had gone off in her mind! 
However, the rest hadn’t realized it yet. In particular, Damon was even typing a reply excitedly: “It’s okay. What do you want to clarify?” 
The others were also quietly marveling. 
“Advanced hackers approach people in such peculiar ways…” 
“Yeah! I suddenly find his actions so cool!” 
“What do you mean ‘so cool? It’s more like ‘too cool’, okay?” 
“It’s obvious at a glance that you guys are science and engineering majors. How uncultured! This is called ‘the coolest ever’!” 
While they were being silly, someone suddenly realized something. He said, “Why wouldn’t he have a personal Messenger account, though? Isn’t he friends with Ruth on Messenger?” As soon as he said that, the entire IT department suddenly became dead silent. 
In addition, almost as soon as he said that, another row of words appeared on the computer screen: “Just to clarify, I don’t know any lady named Ruth. Of course, if the special department ever needs my help, Ms. Nora only has to say the word and I will do my absolute best.” 
The whole room fell dead silent again. 
Surprised, everyone slowly turned to look at Ruth.
As if she had suddenly contracted some kind of contagious disease, the few people who had gathered around her silently moved away at once. 
Ruth clenched her fists tightly. 
She stared ahead of her in shock. Never would she have ever imagined that a master-level figure like Y would suddenly descend upon their department, and even hack into the IT department with great fanfare just to clarify something like that?! 
How could this be?! 
It was just like someone bragging outside that they knew a certain celebrity. Would the celebrity specially make a public social media post to clarify that they didn’t know them? 
How would a nobody like Ruth possibly attract the attention of someone as talented as Y?! 
It must be Nora! 
Y was the Hunt Corporation’s consultant. In order to make herself look good again, Nora must have approached Mr. Hunt and asked him to talk to Y, right? 
As Ruth figured this out, she suddenly felt like she had accidentally messed with the wrong person! 
She clenched her fists tightly. In the midst of her fury, Morris’ low and serious voice rang out. “Ruth, please explain what on earth is going on. Do you or do you not know Y?” Ruth couldn’t help but stammer. She swallowed and suddenly said, “I, I… How are all of you so sure that this person is Y?” 
Damon’s jaw tensed up and he slowly said, “By his abilities. Do you think that any old hacker can hack into our IT department?” 
Ruth: “!!” 
She clenched her jaw. Suddenly, she lowered her head, her demeanor so aggrieved that even her eyes turned red. She said, “I’m sorry, everyone. I… I might have been deceived!” 
She took out her cell phone, opened the chat window with Y, and said, “I chat with him a lot. When he said he was Y, I believed him. I didn’t expect that I’ve actually been deceived!” 
With her in tears, it would be hard for the others to continue blaming her. 
However, the corners of Brenda’s lips spasmed and she clicked her tongue loudly. She said, “The moment you joined the department, you claimed that you knew this person and that person. So, you’ve found out that the Y you knew is a fake? In that case, might the Black Cat that you claim to know also be a fake? Which other big boss do you also know?” 
Ruth’s face flushed at once. Seemingly unable to bear the pressure, she ran off in tears covering her face. After she left, everyone in the special department started to whisper to one another. “What’s going on?” “Maybe she really was deceived?” Johnson felt as if he had been slapped in the face. He stared at the people in front of him and suddenly said, “Alright, stop speculating What’s there to say? Go and do your jobs!” 
As soon as he said that, Morris said coldly, “Captain Johnson is right, go do your jobs right now! You can’t get any work done just by flapping your lips! Do you think you’re special just because you know certain people? Also, let Ruth serve as a warning example for all of you. Despite being a member of the special department, she was deceived by a conman! What an embarrassment!” 
His words were simply too mean! 
Nora almost laughed out loud. 
Johnson flushed even redder. He looked straight at Morris. “You—”.
But before he could finish, Morris interrupted him and said, “Johnson, the department should be recruiting people who at least have a functioning brain! Also, their character takes priority!” 
Morris left straightaway after saying that. 
Johnson felt as if his cheeks were stinging and burning hot from being slapped in the face. He looked at the people around him again, waved, and said, “Alright, begone! What are all of you looking at?” 
Nora left the IT department with a smile on her lips. 
As soon as she entered her office, her cell phone rang. She picked it up and took a lookit was Justin. She raised her brows a little and pressed the answer button. 
“Nora.” 
The man sounded very aggrieved. “Remember to give me the opportunity to explain the next time something happens!” 
Nora looked straight ahead of her and leaned back on her chair. “… Alright.” 
Her perfunctory tone, however, made Justin very dissatisfied. He heaved a quiet sigh and said, “We are lovers. If even lovers have to be so suspicious of each other, wouldn’t life be too tiring?” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment. 
She had never been in love, nor had she ever known how to interact with people. She had merely felt uncomfortable when Ruth said that she knew Y and when the others said that Y might like Ruth. Thus, she had ignored Justin’s messages. 
Thinking about it again, she had indeed gone overboard.
She looked at the phone seriously and said, “Okay, I will take note of it next time.” 
“How are you going to make it up to me this time?” The man suddenly asked in a low voice. 
Nora: “?” 
The corners of her lips gradually hooked upward. In a lazy tone, she asked, “Do I have to make it up to you?” “Yes, you have to.” The man was just like a little puppy. He said, “Besides, I haven’t seen you for two days, I miss you. Shall we have dinner together?” Nora was about to tell him to bring the two children along when the man spoke in a low voice again. He said, “Just you and me. I will book a private room at a place where no one will disturb us, okay?” 
The man’s voice was very low and he sounded as if he was cajoling her, making Nora feel as if feathers were tickling the depths of her heart. She coughed and replied, “Alright.” 
Nora’s smile stayed on her face even after she hung up. 
At the Hunt Corporation. 
Lawrence’s lip corners spasmed as he listened to his boss’ shameless words. After Justin hung up with a smile on his lips, Lawrence handed him the document in his hand. 
Justin took a couple of glances at it and signed it. 
When Lawrence was about to step out, Justin suddenly said, “Lawrence.” 
Lawrence stopped and looked at him. “Yes, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin asked unhurriedly, “How long do you think it will take for people to seize my power and take over my position?” 
Lawrence: “” 
The entire company is under your control, Boss! I’m afraid your uncle and his family will have to wait a hundred years after this batch of employees changes! 
What the heck was his boss thinking? 
While thinking about it, Justin said, “With that, I will become harmless and easy to control, right? And Uncle Ian won’t worry anymore.” 
Lawrence: “?” 
Justin looked up at him in silence. 
“… Boss, I have something to do!” 
Lawrence fled the office before Justin could say anything else. He was really afraid that his boss would ask him to make up plans for the company’s bankruptcy! 
At the special department. Nora was notified of an impromptu meeting. As soon as she entered the conference room, Johnson said, “Alright, as evident from the investigation, the Y that Ruth knew is indeed a fake. She was deceived by the other party’s skillful tricks. Fortunately, no losses were suffered. The good news, though, is that it is true that Ruth knows Black Cat!” 
Nora, aka Black Cat: “”
###Chapter 560
Chapter 560 Black Cat 
Before Nora could raise ions, Brenda scoffed and said, “Captain Johnson, you must back up your claims with reasonable evidence! She also said that this Y was real when she claimed to know him! How can we be sure that the Black Cat she knows is real?” Johnson sneered. “Of course I have my own way of verifying this! Moreover, not only is the Black Cat she knows real, but Ruth has also gotten in contact with Black Cat for us! Those men that we arrested still haven’t revealed any useful information. After Black Cat heard about it, he has decided to design some interrogation methods for us! Ruth and Black Cat will discuss and jointly decide on the specific methods!” 
After he spoke, he clapped his hands by himself and said, “Therefore, let’s let the little misunderstanding today pass. There’s no need to keep harping on it. Ruth is young and has not been exposed to fraud syndicates. Moreover, those conmen’s tricks are too sophisticated. It is normal that she would fall for it!” 
The rest of the staff immediately echoed him. “Yeah, it’s nothing much that she fell for it!” 
Even Damon said, “Yeah, it’s nothing. Besides, you’ve never seen Y either. But you’ve met Black Cat in person before, right?” 
With her eyes red, Ruth bowed and said, “I’m sorry, I’ve really let all of you down. I also feel very embarrassed about it. I met Y through the Internet, but I’m good friends with Black Cat in private. I definitely won’t be deceived on that. Besides, Black Cat has already agreed to discuss with me the interrogation methods. I will definitely give everyone a proposal within the next two days!” 
She wiped her tears and heaved a silent sigh. She said, “The incident with Y was a huge misunderstanding on my part. Ms. Smith, you were the one who asked Mr. Hunt to get Y to come forward, right? Thank you so much. If it weren’t for you, I’d still be thinking that the YI knew was real and be kept in the dark!”
Nora: “…” 
Ruth’s level of hypocrisy and bitchiness was really beyond her! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Ruth stared at Nora. Her expression was still aggrieved and apologetic, but a touch of contempt and disgust welled up in her. 
The incident with Y was indeed negligence on her part. 
She’d originally thought that big figures like Q and Y wouldn’t be involved in competitiveness between women, so she hadn’t linked the incident to Nora. 
But unexpectedly, in order to beat her in their reputation, Nora had simultaneously gotten both hackers to make an appearance! 
One could say that she had spent a lot of money just to make things difficult for her! 
However, Q and Y were people whom the Smith Corporation and the Hunt Corporation could easily contact. With the two companies’ financial and material resources, it was very understandable that Nora would win this round. 
But no matter how powerful the Smith Corporation and the Hunt Corporation were, there was no way they would know Black Cat! 
She had already asked around. 
When Karl first returned to the States, things had been very unpleasant between him and the Smiths and the Hunts. He’d even threatened the two heads of the families with Black Cat.
Therefore, Black Cat was definitely someone that the Smiths and the Hunts couldn’t get in contact with! 
No one would be able to expose her again for sure this time. 
With that in mind, Ruth became rather smug deep down. 
What was the big deal about being temporarily suppressed? Johnson had invited her into the special department precisely because of her identity as a master of interrogation. Only by exhibiting superb working ability would she be able to conquer the people in the department! 
Nora ignored her. 
This made Ruth’s bow look a bit awkward. 
Johnson took the initiative to speak first. He reprimanded her and said, “Alright, Nora, let bygones be bygones. Harmony must be maintained among co-workers, and there mustn’t be any talks of revenge in private, understand? Also, certain people must not hold grudges. We are all a team here!” 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. 
Brenda scoffed and said, “Interesting that you should say that, Captain Johnson! Originally, everyone in the department was handsome, so I definitely would’ve wanted the department to be whole. But now that you’ve joined us… Tsk, why do I not want it to be whole anymore?” 
Johnson: “!!” 
He could hear the ridicule in Brenda’s words, of course. 
But there was nothing he could do about her.
Brenda had been transferred into the department by Interpol, so it was impossible for her to ever rise to the position of director in the department. Therefore, she behaved brazenly and fearlessly. 
Additionally, because she was from Interpol, she was entirely outside of his and Morris’ jurisdiction. Whether she cooperated with them or not depended entirely on her mood. 
Johnson took a deep breath. He could only ignore her and say, “I asked all of you to come here because Ruth and Black Cat need to understand your personalities when customizing interrogation methods and plans for all of you, so I need all of you to fill out a questionnaire for them. Ruth will send the questionnaire to all of you later. I hope everyone will cooperate with her. Understand?” “Understood!” 
Everyone answered in unison. 
However, somebody raised a question. “Why do we have to fill in a questionnaire?” 
Ruth explained, “I have studied the people you guys arrested. To be honest, we have already employed many different methods, but have not achieved good results. In that case, we may have to crack them one by one, in which case all of you would have to cooperate with one another in acting and so on… As such, I would need to understand everyone’s personalities. The questionnaire is very simple, there aren’t any complicated questions.” Then, she smiled sweetly and added, “Also, I will be showing everyone’s questionnaires to Black Cat. I’m sure all of you will leave an impression on Black Cat, so you must try your best to answer the questions, okay~?” 
As soon as she said that, those who were originally reluctant to answer the questionnaire suddenly became excited. 
Johnson nodded. Then, he gave a wave and sat down. 
Ruth said, “I will send everyone the list of questions that need to be answered. I hope you can pass them to me before work ends tomorrow. Alright, let’s end the meeting.”
When leaving the conference room, Brenda sneered, “Who does she think she is? She just knows Black Cat, that’s all, isn’t it? What’s she arrogant about? She wants me to fill in the questionnaire? Hah!” 
Nora looked at her. “Do you think everyone will fill it out?” 
“… Yes!” 
Nora: “?” 
Brenda looked up at the ceiling. “If it means that Black Cat would remember my name, then even I’m willing to fill out the questionnaire.” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “Do you like Black Cat too?” “Of course!” Brenda walked with wind in her steps. “Is there anyone in our line of work who wouldn’t like Black Cat? If possible, I’d even like to marry Black Cat.” 
“… What if Black Cat is a woman?” 
“That’s even better!” Their male colleagues who had come over at some point jokingly said, “Then we can marry Black Cat!” 
The group of them walked past Nora and caught up with Ruth, who was walking in front. They asked, “Ruth, hey Ruth. What does Black Cat look like? Is Black Cat good-looking? C’mon, just reveal a little about him!” 
Ruth became popular again. 
Brenda curled her lips disdainfully and sighed. “Although I really don’t feel like paying any attention to her, the temptation that Black Cat presents is simply too great! Sorry, Nora, I gotta betray you for a while.
Just a short while…” 
After speaking, Brenda took a step forward, hooked her arm around Ruth’s neck, and said bewitchingly, “C’mon, little girl, tell big sis here whether Black Cat is a man or a woman? Is he handsome? Do you think big sis here stands a chance?” 
Nora: “…” 
She felt like all of them had gone mad. 
Then, she heard Ruth sigh and say, “Is everyone that interested in Black Cat? Then why don’t I pick two representatives from among you guys to say hi to Black Cat when I have a meeting with him to discuss the interrogation plans?” 
“Wow!” 
Everyone was delighted. 
Nora: “…” 
Was the video conference tomorrow? 
In that case, she would arrange a face-slapping session!
###Chapter 561
Chapter 561 Informant!! 
Nora left this group of people and went straight to Karl’s interrogation room. 
This big boss still looked relaxed. He was on the sofa sleeping soundly. When he heard the door, he opened his eyes and looked at her heartlessly. “You’re here? Why didn’t you bring lunch today?” 
Nora: “…” 
Did he really treat her as a food deliveryman? 
She grimaced and sat across from him. “How long until your business is over?” she asked. 
“Soon.” 
Karl crossed his legs and swayed. Nora could only say tactfully, “Tanya is very worried about you. Logically speaking, they’re newlyweds now. She and Joel have booked a flight and hotel for their honeymoon two days later. If you don’t come out now, she’ll probably cancel all her plans.” 
When Karl heard this, he slowly sat up straight. Then, he said, “Two days later?” 
Nora nodded. 
Karl coughed. “Alright, I’ll be released in two days. Tell her not to cancel her plans. Young people have to be romantic as newlyweds.” 
“… Okay.” 
was
Nora was extremely satisfied. She stood up and left the room before walking towards Caleb Gray. The man was still coughing. Nora reminded him to take his medicine on time and asked him a few questions. When she saw that Caleb still wasn’t saying anything, she left. 
Not long after Nora left the interrogation room, Karl suddenly knocked on the door. 
The person guarding him asked through the door, “What’s wrong?” Karl said, “I want to see Captain Johnson!” 
The person thought that he was finally going to reveal information and said excitedly, “Okay, I’ll go look for him now!” 
Soon, the person walked away. Two minutes later, Captain Johnson, who was about 50 years old, strode over. Before he entered, he said to the two guards, “Leave for a while. Let me have a few words with Karl in private.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Captain Johnson entered the interrogation room and shut down the surveillance cameras. Then, he looked at Karl. “What do you want?” 
“I want to see Old Morry.” 
Karl said, “I’ve been making the same request ever since I was arrested the second time. When will you get him to see me?” 
Captain Johnson frowned and replied, “I told you, Old Morry’s health isn’t good. He’s in the hospital!” 
“Then let him take out my documents. That way, he can prove my innocence. I’m very anxious!” Karl said forcefully.
Captain Johnson was puzzled. “Why are you in a hurry? I said before that if you’re really an informant, you have to wait until we have a clue. It’s not suitable to expose your identity now! Otherwise, we’ll alert the enemy!” 
Karl stood up. He was 1.85 meters tall and very strong. When he stood in front of Captain Johnson, his aura was several times stronger than his. Captain Johnson was so frightened that he subconsciously took a step back. “What are you doing? Look at yourself. You don’t look like an informant at all! You’re clearly the leader of the assassins!” 
Karl lowered his eyes at these words. 
From the time he first went undercover on the streets till now, he had been undercover for more than thirty years. 
Yes, he had always been an undercover agent. 
Back then, he had deliberately pretended not to care about his family and dated Jill for nothing. It was only a cover for his undercover mission. 
Later on, he was framed for killing someone in an accident. His undercover identity could not hold out anymore. At that time, Old Morry had given him another choice. 
The first was to clarify his identity, but because there was no evidence regarding the murder, he had to wait for the police to slowly solve the case. 
The second was to go overseas and continue being an informant. 
Karl had no choice at the time. He had sent many people to prison when he was an informant. If he was imprisoned, there was no telling what could happen to him!
Therefore, he had chosen the second option. 
Besides, he liked this path too. 
After leaving the country, he had kept in contact with Old Morry and got him to help take care of Jill. Old Morry had never told him about Jill’s pregnancy, only saying that Jill had married into a wealthy family a year later. 
It was not surprising that the wealthy families took a liking to Jill’s face. Karl had completely let go of Jill and resumed his undercover career. 
He had helped solve five major cases and made several second-class merits. With his character and looks, he really gave off the feeling that he was a bad person. Therefore, his identity had never been discovered. 
However, he still wanted to go back. 
Every time he called Old Morry, he would ask, “When can I go back? I got a promotion again!” 
Old Morry was always amused by him. “Keep rising through the ranks. When the time comes, you might become the boss and lead a group of people straight to the right path.” 
Karl was a capable person. He really rose to the second-in-command position step by step. 
After helping Morryh crack this criminal gang, he moved again. 
After being moved around a lot, his temper became wild, and he gradually forgot about wanting to go home. 
Later on, he established the Assassin Alliance. When he had asked Old Morry about it years ago, Morry had even said that it was possible.
His actions had actually crossed the line. 
However, Old Morry said that he would help him report to the higher-ups and specially approved him to continue what he was doing. Furthermore, this way, he could continue serving his country. 
After he established the Assassin Alliance, he would regularly transfer a portion of the money he had saved back to his “home” every year. He had gotten Old Morry to donate that money. 
Over the years, he had indeed helped Old Morry crack many major cases. Many clues could only be obtained with his identity. 
Until last time, when Old Morry asked him to introduce someone from a mysterious organization when he returned to the country. Morry asked him not to reject her and to bring her back to catch a turtle in a jar. 
This was also one of the reasons why he had lured Trueman and the others back despite already being rich! If not for Tanya’s appearance, Karl would have left the country long ago. At that time, even if he had captured and investigated Trueman, he would not have been caught. He would have continued to be the part-time informant in the Assassin Alliance… 
But now, everything had changed. 
Captain Johnson looked at his deep eyes and his tone became gentle. “Of course I trust you. I’ll arrange it as soon as possible. However, after your identity is exposed, you can’t be our informant anymore. Are you sure you’ve thought it through?” Karl stared at Captain Johnson and suddenly said, “Old Morry once promised me that as long as I want to quit, he will immediately let me go. Now, for my daughter’s sake, I want to reveal my identity!” 
He could not become the shame of his daughter’s life!
###Chapter 562
Chapter 562 Going overseas 
Hearing his powerful and resonating words, Captain Johnson continued to speak sincerely, “I know, and I understand you. Actually, I’ve seen Old Morry and he has even verified your identity. Why do you think you were able to escape so easily the last time? You shouldn’t have returned!” 
Karl stared at Captain Johnson. 
Captain Johnson kept looking at him. “Now, the country needs you, and the people. The mysterious organization has already revealed its hand. As long as we keep following the clues, we’ll catch them sooner or later. I can help you leave now. Going overseas is much better than exposing your identity! Don’t you want to make this special contribution? At that time, you’ll return to the country even more gloriously. As for your daughter… she’s only being gossiped about now. She’ll definitely be able to forgive you and even understand your difficulties!” 
Old Morry had said this countless times. 
Therefore, Karl remained overseas time and time again. 
In the past, he had no relatives and was alone. The struggle was nothing, but now… 
Karl lowered his eyes and slowly said, “You don’t have to tell me that. I’m 49 years old this year and have already been undercover for 30 years. How many decades does a person have in their lifetime? I only want to do whatever I want for the rest of my life! I think the people will understand me!” 
“You-!” 
When Captain Johnson saw that he was unyielding, he said in exasperation, “Why have you become so selfish now? Have you already been outside for so many years that your heart has been polluted?
Karl frowned. 
He clenched his fists. “Captain Johnson, Old Morry said that I can stop when I want to stop! This is my freedom! You don’t have to say anything else. Please help me contact Old Morry!” 
II 
When Captain Johnson saw his determined expression, he knew that the decision had been made and that he could not persuade him anymore. He could only sigh deeply. “Okay, I’ll arrange for Old Morry to come over and settle the matter!” 
With that, he walked out. 
When he reached the door, Karl emphasized, “Two days. I’ll give you two more days. If Old Morry still doesn’t come, I’ll look for your Captain Ford. I think he will be very interested in my story!” 
Captain Johnson choked and could only nod hatefully. “…Alright!” 
“Also…” Karl asked, “I want a grand press conference. I think you all know how to announce my real identity, right?” 
If he left just like that, those people would not believe a single word coming out of his mouth. 
This was the Internet age. If he wanted to recover his identity and walk out of the darkness, he naturally had to do it in a spectacular manner. Otherwise, wouldn’t he be letting down his reputation? 
Furthermore, this way, he could improve his social status and public recognition. This was beneficial to his daughter Tanya!
Captain Johnson took a deep breath. “Okay! Wait for the good news!” 
He left angrily. 
After leaving the special department, Nora returned home. 
As soon as she entered, she saw two uninvited guests sitting in the living room. She had seen these two people before at the wedding. They were the eldest uncle and aunt of the Smiths’ eldest branch, as well as Joel’s parents. 
At this moment, the two of them were sitting upright on the sofa. An uncle, who looked similar to Ian, was crying to Ian. “Ian, Joel married the daughter of a murderer. This matter has embarrassed us all!” 
When Ian, who was sitting in a wheelchair, heard these words, his eyes drooped. “Karl didn’t kill anyone. Amos, didn’t we make it clear that the person who killed the man back then was that woman called Margot?” 
Amos snorted. “They’re still not worthy!” 
Ian sneered. “Not worthy? You all should know who he is, right? I heard that Black Cat and Black Panther are top assassins. Do you think they’re not good enough?” 
Amos choked. His wife, Heather, instantly snorted coldly. “But other than us, who else knows that he’s the boss of the Assassin Alliance? Now, everyone only says that he committed a crime! He’s a criminal! We know his true identity, but ordinary families don’t! They only mock us!” 
Ian looked at his elder brother and sister-in-law in front of him. Amos was like a father, but he could not support a big family back then. His ears were soft and he listened to Heather on everything.
He had even treated Joel like that back then… 
If Ian had not intervened in time, the outcome would have been unimaginable! 
Ian did not have a good impression of these two people. He said in a cold voice, “What on earth do you want?” 
Amos and Heather replied, “Anyway, we can’t stay in New York anymore! We want to go overseas! We’ll stay overseas from now on. Make the arrangements for us!” 
When Ian heard this, he was so angry that he laughed. “Sure. Don’t ever come back after you leave the country. It saves me from feeling vexed!” 
What could he do if Amos did not have the ability? 
Furthermore, Joel was in charge of the family now. Ian also knew that their status at home was very awkward. Going overseas was indeed the best choice for their entire family. 
Joel and Tanya were also coming downstairs as Ian was thinking about this. 
Joel’s smiling face instantly turned cold when he saw the two of them. He had also heard the two scourges and he said, “No problem. Your living expenses won’t be lacking either. The Smiths will support you forever! We’ll provide you with a wealthy life!” 
Nora also felt that this was a good thing. 
Heather looked like she was not easy to get along with. Them leaving was the best outcome for Tanya. 
However, when she heard Heather’s last sentence, she instantly regretted her thoughts.
Heather looked at the two of them and said, “We’ll definitely leave. After all, we can’t live in this country with all of you! You didn’t care about your face and insisted on marrying such a woman. But what about your daughter? I can’t let my granddaughter be mocked in this country. This is harmful to her physical and mental health! Therefore, I’m going to take my granddaughter Mia with me!!”
###Chapter 563
Chapter 563 Karl Is Not a Criminal! 
As soon as she said this, the atmosphere in the living room became tense. 
“No!” 
“No way!” 
Joel and Tanya’s voices were heard at the same time, causing Heather to frown. She did not dare to speak to Joel but looked directly at Tanya. “How can you speak to your mother-in-law like this? Although that woman wasn’t your biological mother, you grew up in the Joneses. You should know basic manners, right? Who taught you to address your elders so loudly?!” 
Tanya’s chest heaved up and down as she looked at Heather and said slowly, “I know you’re dissatisfied with me, but Mia is the daughter I’ve been looking for for five years. I definitely won’t be separated from her now!” 
Heather lowered her head. “Speaking of which, I have to criticize you even more. Tanya, how can you call yourself a mother? How did you lose the child and let her get picked up by Hillary? You helped her bewitch our family for so many years! Besides, I heard that she even abused the child?! This is all because you didn’t take good care of the child!” 
Every word she said was like a knife, a knife that stabbed into Tanya’s heart. 
She had felt guilty for five years. 
She even wanted to torture Hillary after seeing Mia’s injuries… 
Although Hillary was already dead, Tanya was still having frequent nightmares. She would often dream that Mia had been lost again. She would usually wake up in the middle of the night and rush to Mia’s room. She would only calm down after seeing Mia safe and sound. 
Therefore, she had no way of refuting this sentence! 
Seeing that she was stuttering, Heather was about to continue speaking when Joel suddenly rushed to Tanya and said, “I’m the child’s father. The child grew up under my watch, but I didn’t protect her well. In that case, I’m more responsible! Are you going to scold me now?” 
How could Heather dare to scold him like this? 
Their relationship had not been terrible since Joel was young. After Joel became the leader, his aura became stronger, and she did not dare to offend him! 
She said, “You’re so busy with work and have to take care of the company. It’s fine that you’re a little careless. Besides, if Tanya hadn’t lost the child, this wouldn’t have happened. How can you be blamed? Tanya isn’t a qualified mother!” 
“Heh!” 
Joel sneered. “Then are you a qualified mother? What right do you have to criticize Tanya?” 
Heather pursed her lips. 
Amos instantly threw the teacup in his hand on the coffee table. “Joel, how can you speak to your mother like this? We’re doing this for Mia’s sake! We’re her grandparents, how can we hurt her? Besides, you’re not by our side all year round and follow behind Ian every day. Shouldn’t your daughter be living with us?” 
When Joel heard this, he sneered.
He lowered his eyes and suddenly said, “Are you sure you want to take Mia overseas with you for her own good? For company? Isn’t it so that you can ask me for money?” 
His words pierced through their thoughts. 
Heather’s face instantly turned red. 
Amos stood up angrily. “Joel, how can you say that? Do we have such a crude image in your heart?!” 
“Isn’t that so?” 
A sarcastic smile hung on Joel’s lips. 
Nora, who was at the door, instantly understood. 
It turned out that Amos and Heather insisted on taking Mia with them because they were worried that after they went overseas, Joel would not give them any money? 
As long as Mia was by their side, they wouldn’t be afraid that Joel wouldn’t recognize them as his parents, right? 
Nora frowned. What kind of strange parents were they?! 
It was no wonder that her brother did not have a good relationship with his parents. Joel looked straight at Amos, whose aura weakened again… Right at this point… 
Bam! 
Ian suddenly smashed the teacup in his hand hard on the ground with a loud noise. 
He slowly raised his head and looked at Amos with a pair of eagle-like sharp eyes. His voice was very cold. “Amos, I didn’t expect you to still be so shameless after so many years! When you leave, the
Smiths will definitely give you a huge settling amount. No matter how much you spend in this life, it’ll be enough! Why are you still so greedy?!” When Amos heard this, he swallowed hard and said slowly, “Ian, that’s not what I mean. Everyone knows that the days of the extended family are getting worse with each generation. Your sister-in-law and I adopted another daughter. She’s going to get married in the future too. We must give it to her and her children…” 
At this point, Heather poked his arm. 
Amos finally realized that he had gone too far. 
It was indeed unreasonable to ask Joel for money and leave it to his adopted daughter. 
Therefore, he shut his mouth. 
On the other hand, Heather suddenly said, “Ian, it’s really not that Amos and I are unreasonable. It’s just that it’s really inappropriate for Mia to stay in the country. I have a video here for you to see!” 
With that, she took out her phone and opened a video before handing it to Ian. 
Joel and Tanya walked behind Ian and looked at it together. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and walked over slowly too. She wanted to see what Heather was up to now. 
The video was from Mia’s kindergarten. 
A group of children was playing with Legos.. 
Mia sat alone in a small corner, building a princess toy.
However, there were a few pieces missing. She stood up and walked to the Lego box. She was about to look for the missing parts. 
However, as soon as she walked over, the children immediately dispersed. 
“Mia’s grandfather is a murderer! We don’t want to play with her!” 
“My mother said that murderers have lunacy in their genes. It’s contagious. Mia, stay away from us!” 
“That’s right! Stay away from us!” 
“A murderer’s granddaughter is a small murderer. Will Mia kill people in the future?” 
“My mother said she would. She might go crazy one day!” 
“Ah! It’s too scary! Boohoo, I don’t want to die!” 
The children were chattering and screaming. No one attacked Mia, but their actions made her feel hurt. 
The little girl looked at the group of people in a daze. She waved her hands. “Don’t be afraid. I won’t kill anyone. Really… I really won’t kill anyone…” 
“I don’t believe you! Anyway, I won’t play with you! I won’t be your friend either!” “Me too. Mia, go away. We don’t want to talk to you!” 
II 
The world of children was very simple, so their words were even more hurtful.
If it was between adults, Tanya would not care about these words, but Mia would. She was already sensitive and fragile. Mia lowered her head and felt like she could not ever raise it up. 
Mia then sighed silently and returned to her seat. However, as soon as she walked back, she realized that someone had broken the lego toy she had made. 
She looked at it in a daze. Finally, she sat in the corner alone and lowered her head in frustration. She did not say anything else. 
That small girl made one’s heart soften. 
Nora sighed silently. 
Even her heart ached when she saw this, let alone Tanya! 
When Nora looked up, she saw that Tanya’s eyes were already red. She tried hard to control her emotions as her body trembled slightly. 
Over the past few days, while Karl was in prison, she had put all her attention on him. 
When Mia said that she wanted to go to school with Pete, Tanya had let her go. She had also told Joel to pay more attention to his daughter. However, she did not expect her daughter to be bullied in school?! 
Joel hugged her shoulder and patted it gently as if he was giving her strength. “Don’t worry.” Although Mia was rejected, she was better than the other children. She was from the Smiths, so those people did not dare to touch her. 
It was just psychological isolation. 
Joel had actually learned of Mia’s situation long ago. He knew all this.
Joel looked at Heather and asked coldly, “What do you mean by showing this to us?” 
Heather said directly, “I’m telling you that the child is not happy in school! She needs to go with us! Leave this place and change to a new environment. Live well in a place where no one knows her!” 
She said sincerely, “Joel, you’re in charge of the company, so you definitely can’t leave. Tanya is your wife. You’re newlyweds, and you’re unwilling to separate. Therefore, it’s best for us to take Mia overseas. Besides, if you really can’t bear to leave the child, then the two of you can have another one.?!” 
Joel felt that these words were really ear-piercing. “What are children to you? Are they commodities? Or are they pets? If Mia is gone, I can just get another one?”. 
Heather pursed her lips. “No matter what you say, I’m doing this for your own good! You saw it too. Mia is being pushed aside and isolated in school! You’re still her parents, don’t your hearts ache?!” 
Joel lowered his eyes. “Mia is growing up. Her matters will be resolved very well. Don’t worry about this. She won’t care about this in the future.” 
Heather instantly pointed at his nose and scolded, “What do you know? Do you think Mia is as heartless as you? Do you think Mia is the same as you, that she doesn’t care about the opinions of others at all? Let me tell you, in this country, with her grandfather in prison, Mia will be looked down upon for the rest of her life! Something big will happen sooner or later! You either let Mia leave with us or you divorce this murderer’s daughter!” 
Nora could not listen to this anymore. She said, “Who said that Karl is a criminal?!” 
Heather sneered. “He is already in prison and they aren’t letting him go. They must have sufficient evidence to keep him in there. They couldn’t have kept him there just to make friends, right?”
###Chapter 564
Chapter 564 Joel is Not Their Son! 
After Heather said this sarcastically, she saw Nora looking at her with a faint smile. 
It was as if she was looking at a clown making a fool of itself. 
Nora was unwilling to say more. After all, saying anything before the truth was revealed might cause some unwanted changes. 
She only spoke vaguely, “Perhaps he’s in there for tea with a friend?” 
Karl was an informant. Going to the police station was like going to work! 
Heather was about to say something when she felt Ian’s gaze. 
Faced with this third brother, she was naturally afraid. She said, “No matter what, Karl’s matter has affected Mia. As her grandparents, the two of us have to interfere in this matter.” 
Her granddaughter was not doing well at home, and it seemed reasonable for her grandparents to come looking for justice. 
However, Joel said, “Tanya and I are the child’s parents. Her legal guardianship also belongs to Tanya and me. Even if we go to the court, it doesn’t seem like you have any right to order her around, right?” 
Amos was furious. He slapped the table and roared, “Joel, do you still want to go to court with us? Don’t you find it embarrassing enough?” 
Heather’s eyes turned red as she looked at Ian. “Ian, we rarely interfered in Joel’s matters for so many years, but look at this heartless person. He keeps threatening us. Aren’t we doing this for Mia?”
Ian would definitely protect Joel, but before he could say anything, Joel jumped in, “Since you care about Mia so much, you guys should know that she’s actually doing very well in the kindergarten! What are you trying to say here by taking things out of context?” 
Heather was stunned. “What do you mean by taking things out of context?” 
Joel snorted. 
He patted Tanya’s shoulder and took out his phone. He opened the video player app. There were a few videos inside. They were all taken from the kindergarten’s surveillance cameras. 
In the beginning, her classmates pushed her aside. 
After all, the children were very simple-minded and felt that the granddaughter of a bad person must be another bad person. 
Mia was indeed very sad. 
However, after five minutes, Pete walked in with the Math Olympiad book in his arms. He only took a few casual glances before walking over to Mia and sitting beside her. 
Someone said, “Cherry, aren’t you afraid that she’ll be a bad person and kill you in the future?” 
Pete looked up at the child as if he couldn’t be bothered with him. However, he still said, “You’re so timid. Are you even a boy?” 
Five-year-olds felt that they were already old enough and hated being mocked for being timid. 
When that little boy heard this, he raised his chest. “Of course! How am I timid?! I dare to sit with Mia!” 
He quickly walked over and sat near Mia.
Pete looked at the children looking over and pursed his lips. “Are you all cowards?” 
“Of course not!” 
“Of course not!” 
“I’m very bold!” 
II 
A group of children quickly gathered around. 
They surrounded Pete and Mia and watched as Mia rebuilt the Lego toy. She learned to dance, was agile, and had quick fingers. Soon, she used the Lego pieces to build the little princess from Frozen. It was very lifelike. “Wow! Mia, you did a good job!” “Mia, can you teach me?” “I want Elsa! Build another Elsa!” 
Mia blushed and said, “But there aren’t enough Legos.” 
“There’s more here!” 
One of the children took out his own Legos and gave them to Mia. “My Legos are all here! Mia, hurry up. I want to see Elsa!” 
IIII 
The group of brats who had made Mia feel upset earlier was now dragging their chins as they watched Mia meticulously build the Lego models. The atmosphere became joyful. When the model was done, the
group of people surrounded Mia and applauded. 
“Mia, you’re so awesome!” 
“I want to play with you in the next class!” 
Hearing this, Pete stood up and pursed his lips. “You’re all cowards. Your mommies just scared you a little and you don’t dare to play with Mia anymore. Mia will ignore you now because the world of the strong doesn’t need fence-sitters.” 
With that, he held Mia’s hand and walked out. 
The other children looked at each other and stood where they were. 
The surveillance cameras could only see Mia and Pete’s backs. Mia suddenly stopped in her tracks and looked at Pete. “Brother Pete, I understand! I shouldn’t care about what others think of me. You never played with them, but they still like you a lot because you’re the best!” 
Pete nodded. “Yeah.” 
The two children then skipped out of the classroom. 
The video ended there. 
Joel looked at Amos and Heather. “Life isn’t always smooth-sailing. Sometimes, some small bumps can increase the child’s courage to overcome them. Furthermore, Ever since Tanya’s return, Mia is clearly more confident than before! Therefore, she doesn’t need your so-called care at all.” 
With that, his eyes turned cold as he said, “I still have something to ask the two of you. Only the children’s guardians are allowed to watch the surveillance camera footage from the kindergarten. How
did you know that Mia was being bullied? You got someone to steal the footage, and now you’re even trying to use it to trick us?” 
Joel’s questions got sharper and sharper. In the end, his voice was already icy cold. 
Of course Joel knew that Mia might not be doing well in school. 
Joel had still insisted that Mia go. Mia was too timid. She had to learn how to face the world. 
However, this did not mean that Joel had thrown his daughter out. He had been paying attention to her every moment in school. Therefore, when he saw Amos and Heather’s video, he was not surprised at all because he had already known about it long ago. 
Amos and Heather swallowed hard. The two of them clearly did not expect Joel to realize so quickly what they had done! 
As they hesitated and thought about how to explain this, Ian said forcefully, “Amos, Heather, if there’s no reasonable explanation for this, then you should know the consequences!” 
Amos instantly looked up and straightened his neck. “Ian, we were anxious because we saw the video and didn’t understand the situation! Besides, no matter what, Joel is our son! What’s wrong with us meddling in his family matters? Can’t parents control their children?!” 
Heather said, “That’s right, Ian. As his parents, can’t we criticize him a little?” 
Their unreasonable behavior made Ian take a deep breath. 
He looked at Joel and suddenly sighed. “From today onwards, he’s no longer your son.”
###Chapter 565
Chapter 565 Don’t Offend Justin! 
With that, the entire room fell silent. 
Amos and Heather were stunned. The two of them looked at Ian at the same time. “Ian, what do you mean?” 
Joel looked at lan in confusion. 
Ian lowered his eyes and said slowly, “Back then, when I handed the position of the family head to Joel, I hesitated to formally adopt Joel under my own name. Now that I think about it, it would have been better to adopt him. This way, at the very least, it would’ve shut your stupid mouths. Not just anyone can mock my successor!” 
His domineering attitude stunned Amos and Heather. 
In the past, when Ian raised Joel by his side, the two of them were worried that Ian would not accept Joel. They had asked for adoption before, but Ian said that he was just a nephew. 
They were all members of The Smith family. Whether they went through with the adoption or not was only a formality. 
However, the two of them did not expect Ian to change his tune now. 
Joel was also stunned as he looked at Ian in a daze. 
Ian stared at him. “Joel, would you like to be my son?” 
Joel’s eyes turned red.
After so many years, he had gained a lot of knowledge from Ian and learned how to manage the company. It could be said that he was personally taught by Ian. 
When he was young, everyone told him that Ian was only teasing him by bringing him along. Otherwise, why wouldn’t he go through with the adoption? 
He had also asked Ian this question. 
However, Ian said, “Because I don’t need a son. I raised you only because the Smiths lack a successor.” 
Joel understood at that time that Ian had never thought of him as a son. He was only doing his duty to the family. 
Ian always had a distant attitude toward him. 
Joel treated him as his father in his heart, and he knew that Ian had never wanted to leave any worries in this world. 
He never expected Ian to make such a suggestion so many years after Joel inherited the Smiths. 
Joel could maintain his composure in the face of company matters, but at this moment, he was a little moved. His voice was trembling as he said, “Of course I would, Uncle Ian.” 
Ian smiled. “You’re still calling me Uncle Ian?” 
Joel’s mouth moved. He seemed embarrassed to have said that word. 
However, Tanya, who was standing beside him, suddenly said, “Dad, Nora will be my aunt from now on!” 
Her words woke Joel up. 
Joel’s lips trembled again as he shouted, “Dad.”
He had not called Ian Dad for more than twenty years. 
“Yes, son.” 
Ian responded and looked at the shocked Amos and Heather. “I’ll get the lawyers to handle all the formalities. I hope that the two of you will maintain a distance from Joel in the future! After all, you have to avoid arousing suspicion! Understand? If I ever find out again that the two of you are doing something outside calling yourselves Joel’s parents, don’t blame me for being rude!” 
His tone was filled with dense killing intent. 
e 
w 
Both Amos and Heather were frightened. The two of them did not dare to say anything else. They stood up and said, “Okay.” 
Ian left another sentence. “I’ll arrange for you guys to go overseas. Don’t come back again.” 
The two of them: “…” 
They had not expected that not only would they fail to trick Ian, they would even lose what they already had! 
After this irksome couple left, Joel quickly restrained his emotions and looked at Nora. He asked, “Nora, Karl… What’s going on with Karl?” 
Nora clicked her tongue.
This brother was indeed smart. From what she had said earlier, he guessed that Karl might have a plan. 
In order not to make Tanya worry, Nora said, “I asked Uncle Karl today. He’s actually an informant. I’ve already found and asked his contact to come out. If nothing goes wrong, he can be released the day after tomorrow.” 
This sentence shocked Tanya. “What?” 
Joel was also a little stunned and found it unbelievable. “The boss of the Assassin Alliance… is an informant for the police? Why does this sound so hard to believe?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
She had also found it hard to believe when she first heard Karl’s words. 
However, other than this, there seemed to be no other explanation. 
She nodded silently at Joel and Tanya. 
Tanya: “…” 
She suddenly felt like laughing and crying. After a while, she only sighed deeply. 
However, Nora did not have the time to chat with them here. She looked at her phone and realized that it was already past four o’clock. She hurriedly said, “I have a date. I’ll get going then.” 
Seeing that Nora was about to go upstairs instead of out the door, Tanya asked, “I thought you had to go out for the date, why are you going upstairs?” 
Nora kept walking without turning back as she replied, “… To change my clothes.” 
Tanya: “?”
Joel: “!” 
Ian’s head that was still lowered suddenly lifted up. He looked at Nora’s back and an angry expression instantly appeared on his face. 
Tanya and Joel hurriedly looked in opposite directions and pretended not to have seen Ian’s current appearance. 
After changing her clothes, Nora tidied her hair in the mirror again before going downstairs. She strode out happily. 
She did not notice the eyes of the old father behind her filled with sadness and worry. 
Joel walked to Ian’s side and sighed. “Dad, actually, Justin is not that evil. At least in front of Nora, he’s very obedient.” 
“What do you know?” 
Ian was silent for a moment before he suddenly sighed. “His identity… is too mysterious. Nora definitely can’t get the upper hand over someone like him. She’ll be played by him.” 
Joel frowned. 
However, he was guessing in his heart. What was Justin’s identity? He could actually make Ian so vigilant? 
He frowned and asked, “He is…” 
Ian was silent for a moment before suddenly saying, “This is my guess. In short, you should make sure you never offend Justin.”
###Chapter 566
Chapter 566 A Date 
‘Never offend Justin’… 
Joel mentally repeated the words and looked at Ian, perplexed. 
Uncle Ian had transformed the Smith Corporation from a company always in second place into one that was ranked equally with the Hunt Corporation. Over the years, he had seen so much happen in the country, yet in spite of that, he had still reminded Joel to stay vigilant and not to offend Justin. Just how powerful and capable was Justin? While he was musing, Ian said, “If he truly cares about Nora, then he won’t mind even if I make things difficult for him now. But if he’s not, then let me be the one to offend him. I don’t have that long to live anymore anyway. You’re still young, you shouldn’t do things that might jeopardize your future.” Hearing the graveness in his words, Joel nodded hurriedly and replied, “I will keep that in mind, Dad.” 
Fortunately, he had accepted Justin’s goodwill when he took the initiative to build a good relationship with him. Thus, the two of them currently shared a pretty decent relationship. 
He also suddenly understood why Ian hadn’t reprimanded him when he allowed Justin to enter the house the other time. On the contrary, he had even somewhat given tacit approval to it. In the beginning, he’d thought that it was because Ian was ultimately still somewhat satisfied with Justin, but now it seemed like that might not be the case, after all. 
– 
Just as Nora left the house, she ran into Pete and Mia returning home hand in hand. 
Pete was carrying a large schoolbag on his back, his little face was expressionless. He was totally a mini Justin. When his big round eyes caught sight of Nora, he subconsciously pulled his hand out from Mia’s.
Nora’s gaze swept across Mia. There was no sign of unhappiness on the little girl’s small face with the pointed chin, indicating that the events in the kindergarten indeed hadn’t affected her. 
Moreover, Mia had always been very timid in the past and seemed fainthearted at everything she did. 
However, the timid look on her face seemed to have dissipated a little. It seemed like Pete had given her a lot of confidence. Joel was rightthe two times when Tanya had met with cyberbullying and experienced reputation crises had indeed made Mia mature quite a fair bit. 
While Nora was observing Mia, a puzzled Pete asked, “Mommy, where are you going?” 
“Cough.” 
For some reason, Nora felt a little guilty. Her eyes shifted about and she looked at the sky as she replied, “Mm, I’m going out to discuss some work matters with someone.” She couldn’t help but keep feeling a little guilty that she and Justin were going out on a date without Pete and Cherry. 
Pete hesitated for a moment. “With who? Do I know them?” 
If she said that it was Justin, how would she reject Pete if he said that he wanted to come too? 
With that thought in mind, Nora subconsciously lied. “No, you don’t. I’m leaving.” 
She hurriedly walked past Pete and Mia. After getting in the car, she drove out in a hurry, her face looking a little panicked. 
Pete turned his head and looked at her. 
Seeing that Pete was not moving, Mia also stayed where she was. 
After a while, Nora’s car disappeared from their sight. Even then, Pete was still standing still.
A puzzled Mia asked, “Pete, what are you looking at?” Pete heaved a silent sigh. “At my family running out of time.” 
Mia: “?” 
Pete looked back at Mia with sorrowful eyes. “Mommy was lying just now. She doesn’t dare to look into my eyes any time she lies.” 
Mia thought for a while and said, “Adults are all like that! Why would Aunt Nora lie to you, though? You mean she isn’t going out to discuss work matters with someone?” Pete nodded. “Mommy never discusses work face to face, always over the phone-because going back and forth to meet someone is a waste of time! She might as well sleep instead! I’ve never seen her go out for work before.” 
IIII 
Although Mia wanted to defend her aunt and explain on her behalf, after thinking about what he said, she actually felt like there was nothing she could refute. She could only stare at him and ask, “So? If Aunt Nora isn’t going out to discuss work, what is going out for?” 
“It’s almost dinnertime. She’s likely going out on a date.” Mia: “?” 
Pete continued to analyze the clues. “If she were going on a date with the tyrant, she would definitely take Cherry and me along with her. Even if she doesn’t take me, going by how much the tyrant dotes on Cherry, she would definitely take her.” 
With that in mind, he took out his cell phone and called Cherry. 
The call was answered as soon as he dialed the number. Before he could say anything, he heard Cherry ranting at someone. “Hey, do you really know how to play? Is your boat stranded? … Pete, what do you
need? Hurry up and say it! I’m playing games right now!” 
Pete kept quiet for a while before he asked, “Where’s the tyrant?” 
“Daddy has a very important meeting with foreign business partners tonight, he’s in the meeting right now!” 
Puzzled, she asked, “What’s the matter?” 
“… Nothing.” Pete hung up silently. 
“Pete, why didn’t you tell Cherry the truth?” Mia asked. 
Pete sighed. “She’s still dreaming that we will be together as a family. Let’s not make her worry, too, sigh!” He straightened his back. 
Among the people in his family—the tyrant was unromantic, Mommy was obsessed with sleeping, and even his younger sister wasn’t any reliable, either. He was the only one bearing a weight that he should not be bearing at his age! Mia nodded as she listened. Nevertheless, she still tried to comfort him. “Maybe Aunt Nora and Uncle Justin are going out on a date? Maybe it just wasn’t convenient to bring you guys along. Pete, don’t think too much into it!” Pete shook his head. “What would stop them from bringing us along?” 
Mia wanted to tell him that there were too many possible reasons. 
For example, she was clearly sleeping in her mother’s room every night, yet when she woke up, she would always find herself in her own bedroom instead. Whenever she asked her mommy about it, she never gave her an answer. 
When she secretly asked her father about it, her father would also blush.
Sigh, the adults’ affairs were simply so complicated! 
While Pete kept worrying about her, Nora was currently seated in a private room in a Chinese restaurant and looking at the plate of roast duck on the table. 
With the fork in her hand, she grabbed a piece of meat, planning to stuff it into her mouth. Justin stopped her with a smile and said, “You’re supposed to eat it with the flatbread.” 
“I know.” 
Nora looked at the numerous plates of exquisite side dishes, the thinly sliced meat, as well as the small and delicate slices of flatbread, and said disdainfully, “It’s just too much work.” 
Not only did she have to pick up the flatbread and wrap the meat and side dishes in it, but she even had to dip it in the sauce afterward!. Whether one ate it in small bites or gobbled them all down, It made no difference since it all ended up in the same place anyway! 
So what was the point of wasting all that time? 
Justin let out a low chuckle. He picked up a piece of flatbread, wrapped a piece of meat within, and held it up in front of Nora’s mouth. “Open your mouth,” said Justin. 
A surprised Nora opened her mouth, upon which the wrapped roast duck entered her mouth. 
She subconsciously closed her mouth, her lips closing around the wrapped roast duck, as well as around the man’s fingers that he hadn’t been able to pull back in time… 
Nora was stunned. Justin also froze. He had chosen a private room that evening. The two of them were sitting on the same side, and his body was turned slightly toward Nora. His fingers were in her mouth, and his fingertips just so happened to come into contact with her lips and her tongue… 
Justin swallowed.
A certain scene flashed past his mind, and his cheeks turned red all of a sudden. 
As for Nora, her lips parted slightly in a panic and she turned sideways. After she swallowed the mouthful, she looked at the ceiling and started looking for a conversation starter. She said, “The roast duck tastes pretty good with the bread.” 
“Is that so?” 
Justin’s low chuckle rang out in her ear. Then, Nora heard him say, “Then let me have a taste too…” 
Accompanying that sentence of his was a large hand cupping the back of Nora’s head. Then, her vision went dark as the man leaned forward and started kissing her…
###Chapter 567
Chapter 567 Let’s Get Engaged! 
The taste of the roast duck was still lingering in Nora’s mouth when the man invaded her territory aggressively. 
His crisp and cool breath instantly overwhelmed her sense of smell. 
This wasn’t Nora’s first time kissing Justin, yet her heart still felt like it was racing a little. Perhaps it was because the situation this time was different than before? 
While she was distracted, she was bitten on her lower lip, which made her snap back to reality. The man let go of her. 
His voice was very low and deep. “What’s on your mind?” 
There seemed to be displeasure in his voice. 
Those deep-set eyes of his were terribly deep and bottomless as if the vast universe was contained within them, which made one unable to see through or guess his thoughts. 
Nora seldom found her presence suppressed by others, yet at this moment, his had somewhat suppressed hers, putting her at a disadvantage. It seemed like her spacing out just now was a form of disrespect toward what they were currently doing 
The thought took her by surprise a little and she said, “Sorry…” 
She wanted to say more, but Justin had already leaned over and sealed her lips again. 
The atmosphere in the room became amorous. 
The room was clearly very spacious, yet Nora still felt like there wasn’t enough air in the room.
She felt like she was about to suffocate. 
She gave Justin a light push… but the man instead held her hands, completely taking control of the situation and taking the lead. 
For a moment, Justin felt a little foreign to Nora in this instant. 
He had always been cooperative and obedient in front of her, but in this moment, it felt like the man was pushing her down. Even his kiss had become a little more aggressive than before… 
This made her feel like she was about to be conquered. 
Her fingers, which were holding Justin’s shoulders, curled slightly and she grabbed his shoulders tightly… 
Suddenly, Justin put his arms around Nora’s waist and pulled her on his lap. 
Nora: “!!” 
The position felt a little shameful. 
She wanted to protest, so she said, “I’m not Cherry… Mm!” 
It was just a pity that the rest of her words were once again swallowed by Justin. 
A waiter stood there at the door with a dish in his hands as he listened to the suggestive sounds inside the private room. His cheeks turned red, and he didn’t quite know whether he should go in or not. 
At the Smiths. 
Ian sat in the living room, craning his neck and looking outside the door. Joel and Tanya had dinner with Mia and Pete. When they saw what he was doing, they couldn’t help but ask, “Dad, what are you looking
at? Nora has only been out for an hour!” 
“… You can do a lot in an hour!” 
Joel: “” 
What Joel had meant was that, given how bad traffic was in New York, driving out for a meal would take at least half an hour. Added to this another half an hour to order and get the food served, Nora would only have just started eating at this point. 
What on earth was Ian thinking instead? 
The corners of his lips twitched and he walked up to Ian. Thinking of how Ian had told him earlier in the day that Justin wasn’t to be offended, he suddenly said, “Actually, I think Nora may not like Justin as much as you think she does.” 
Ian: “?” 
His eyes instantly lit up and he looked at Joel. “Tell me more.” 
Joel: “…” 
That expression of yours is too obvious! 
The corners of his lips twitched again. He sat opposite Ian and said, “Nora seems to like Y, the hacker from the Hunt Corporation. That’s what she said the other time.” 
News of how Q hacked into the special department and told them that she liked Y had already made its way to him. 
Then, he thought about the other time when he had gone to the hospital… Quentin had hinted that Nora seemed to have someone she liked, but it wasn’t Justin. On top of that, the two of them even addressed
each other as husband and wife. 
When he thought about it that way, even Joel was a little confused. “Who exactly does Nora like?” 
Ian was also stunned to hear that. He felt that this was the most baffling question in the world. 
Pete, who wasn’t aware of anything, silently appeared beside the two of them. He hadn’t heard what they were talking about. 
Instead, he only heard them saying that Mommy seemed to be entangled with three different men… 
He suddenly asked, “Are those three men handsome?” Both Joel and Ian were taken aback. Joel thought about his question. Quentin had said that the man Nora liked was a pretty boy… so he likely was… 
“He probably is, I guess!” 
Joel replied hesitantly. 
When he said that, Pete heaved a silent sigh and said, “It’s all over.” “What’s wrong?” 
Pete replied, “I finally understand why Cherry is such a philanderer. As it turns out, it’s because she inherited it from Mommy.” 
To think Mommy liked so many people. Would the tyrant still stand a chance, then? 
Both Ian and Joel were stunned at his words. Joel hesitated for a moment before he looked at Ian. “So… Nora has cuckolded Justin?” 
Ian: “…” 
Oh no, why was he suddenly feeling so excited?! 
He hurriedly coughed and pressed down and tried to hide his beaming smile. He said, “What do you mean she cuckolded him? The two of them aren’t engaged yet. Nora is just making a few friends and having a few relationships, that’s all!” 
Joel: “…” 
Pete: “…” 
A speechless Joel reminded him, “You were the one who just told me not to offend Mr. Hunt.” 
The subtext: “Shouldn’t you also remind Nora about it?” 
But unexpectedly, the moment he said that, Ian nodded and said, “Yeah, so you have to maintain a good relationship with him. This way, when the truth comes to light in the future, you could at least ask him for a favor when you lose to him in a fight.” 
Joel: “” 
Was Ian telling him to build a connection with Justin just so he could make use of it in the future? 
– 
In the private room, neither Nora nor Justin knew of the sensation that their various secret identities had caused at the Smiths’, let alone that Nora’s image as a philandering scumbag was gradually establishing among the Smiths. 
When the two separated from each other, Nora was still in a daze. 
She could see Justin’s chest heaving up and down as if he was trying very hard to suppress something…
There was actually an aesthetically-pleasing sense of abstinence to the way he looked, which made Nora swallow hard. She picked up the bowl of soup next to her and drank a spoonful of it in an attempt to calm the sudden stirrings in her heart. 
“Nora, let’s get engaged,” 
Justin suddenly said, his gaze as scorching as before. 
Nora stirred the soup in the bowl with a spoon. A while later, she finally smiled and said, “Okay.” 
Hearing her reply, Justin smiled and said, “I suddenly feel a little regretful.” 
Nora: “?” 
“If I knew you were going to agree so easily, I would have said, ‘Let’s get married’ instead.” 
Nora rolled her eyes and said, “Don’t push your luck.” 
Her eye roll didn’t bother Justin in the least. He merely made another roast duck wrap for her and held it up to her mouth. “Here, have a bit more as replenishment.” 
Nora: “…” 
What kind of replenishment was he talking about?! 
She bit the roast duck wrap viciously, deliberately biting his fingers too so that she could see him begging for mercy. But in the end, the man merely stared at her. 
In fact, the man even straightened his fingers and wriggled them in her mouth. 
Nora: “…”
Nora bit down a little harder. The man’s brows drew together slightly, making her heart soften. She could only let go of his hand. When she let go, she heard a low chuckle from the man. 
Suddenly, something occurred to Nora and she asked out of the blue, “… Did you wash your hands before dinner?” 
Justin: “” 
There was no doubt about it—the woman was definitely an expert at ruining the atmosphere! The woman’s words had completely extinguished all the desire that had just lit up in him. 
He took a deep breath, rolled up another roast duck wrap, and held it up in front of her mouth. He said fiercely, “Eat!” A beaming Nora ate another mouthful. 
With someone serving her so nicely, it seemed that even such a troublesome way of eating had become less of a waste of time. After the meal, she picked up her cell phone and took a look-two hours had passed. 
This was pretty much the longest meal she had ever had. 
She stood up, stretched, and said, “Let’s go home.” 
Justin nodded and got up as well. When the two were about to leave the private room, Justin asked, “Are you full?” 
“Yeah.” 
Was there any way she wouldn’t be? 
Justin had been feeding her the whole time, offering her one wrap after another, which had made her all too content.
In a polite move, Nora also asked, “Are you full?” 
“No.” 
The man opened his mouth aggrievedly, which took Nora aback. She looked at the unfinished food on the table. Just as she was about to tell him to eat a little more, the man murmured in her ear, “I didn’t manage to eat at all. All I had was a little taste.” 
Nora: “?” 
She suspected that the man was playing with words! 
She went out of the room with a red face. The moment she stepped out, she saw a woman with straight black hair walking over from the opposite end. She had a smile on her round face, and there were two dimples on her cheeks when she smiled. The woman, who was a little surprised to see Nora, said, “Ms. Smith?” 
It was Ruth! 
Nora frowned. The next moment, however, she noticed the woman’s gaze landing on Justin, who was behind her. Then, her eyes lit up. Nora: “?” 
She suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. 
In an almost subconscious move, she took a step forward and stood in between Ruth and Justin, as if to isolate Ruth’s blatant stare. However, it was to no avail because Ruth suddenly went around her, stepped forward, and looked at Justin excitedly. “Justin, long time no see!” Then, in the midst of Nora’s astonishment, she asked, “D-do you still remember me?!” Nora: “” So, Justin really did know Ruth No, wait… What was going on?
###Chapter 568
Chapter 568 Something Big Has Happened!! 
Nora became upset and ignored Justin’s messages the whole night the other time because Ruth had said that she knew Y. 
However, it wasn’t really because she was angry. Rather, she had been just been puzzled by the discomfort she had felt when she heard what Ruth said. That was why she hadn’t replied to his messages. 
Later, when Justin hacked into the special department and personally explained the incident, she had returned to her usual self. 
Even though Ruth was deliberately speaking with Justin in front of her at the moment, Nora did not become suspicious of Justin right away. 
She felt that since the two of them liked each other, they should trust each other. 
Besides, Ruth had always been fond of cheap tricks. 
Therefore, Nora merely raised her eyebrows and looked behind her at Justin. 
The man had always kept a straight face no matter what he encountered-after all, he had amazing mental resilience. However, Justin raised his brows at this moment, put on a surprised look, and asked, “You are?” 
The light in Ruth’s eyes dimmed at his response. She replied, “I’m Ruth, Ruth Yale. Have you really forgotten me?” 
Justin lowered his gaze. “I don’t know you, nor have I even seen you before.”
Ruth was so anxious that she stepped forward. She wanted to say more, but Justin instead put his arm around Nora’s shoulders as if wanting to claim ownership. He said, “Ms. Yale, I am Nora’s fiancé. Please conduct yourself with some self-respect.” Nora: “…” 
That scumbag! 
Half of that surprised look of his was directed at Ruth, but the other half must be directed at her, right? 
In addition, the restaurant was clearly owned by the Hunt Corporation. Now that someone had come up to him, even Nora could sense that the hidden bodyguards were about to rush forward. It was obvious that he could have just driven her away in a more direct manner, yet he was hiding behind her instead. 
She had no words for this! 
Nora rolled her eyes at Justin. Then, she looked at Ruth with her brows raised and a sharp look in her eyes. “Ms. Yale, do you need something from my fiancé?” 
Ruth looked at them in shock. She looked at Justin, then at her, and finally asked, “He’s your fiancé?” 
Nora didn’t pay her any more attention. Instead, she started walking toward the exit with Justin. She said, “If there’s nothing Ms. Yale needs, we’ll be leaving. After all, we’re in a hurry to go home and take care of the kids!” She took a step forward and paused for a while. After Justin took the initiative to follow after her, she finally strode toward the parking lot in satisfaction. 
It was only after the two of them went past Ruth that she finally turned around to go after them. She said, “Mr. Hunt, have you forgotten? Five years ago…” 
Unfortunately, before she could even get close to Justin, Lawrence had already rushed over and stopped Ruth. He said mockingly, “Ms. Yale, right? Your actions seem too low-class! I’d advise you to stay away from Mr. Hunt. Otherwise, we’ll have to take action against you!”
Ruth said, “… No, that’s not… I really do know Mr. Hunt, I…” 
“What else do you want to say?” Lawrence curled his lips disdainfully and scoffed, “Take a look at yourself. Are you even worthy of talking with something with Mr. Hunt?” 
Ruth: “!!” 
The wealthy were usually very well-mannered, so Ruth hadn’t expected that she would be rebuked like this when she went forward to strike up a conversation with Justin. 
Seeing everyone around them looking over, Ruth turned as red as a tomato and stamped her foot in anger. She pointed at Lawrence and shouted, “You are too much!” Then, she covered her face and ran off in the opposite direction. 
What else could she do? There were bodyguards in the direction where Justin and Nora had left, so she couldn’t go over at all… Lawrence stared at her from the back and curled his lips disdainfully. “Is that all she has? She’s a far way off from what Ms. Smith did in the past!” 
Justin took Nora back to the Smiths. 
Nora sat in the passenger seat as Justin drove, her cheek resting on one hand while she looked at him lazily with her head turned sideways. 
Justin suddenly chuckled and said, “Don’t look at me like that. I’m afraid I won’t be able to stop myself.” 
Nora: “?” 
“From stopping the car to kiss you.” 
Nora: “!”
The corners of her lips spasmed. “Can you not be so blunt?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye shimmering. “If I don’t, I feel like you won’t understand what I mean.” 
“Hah-“Nora scoffed, “Are you looking down on me?” 
Justin suddenly looked at her. “Then do you know what a butterfly kiss is?” 
Nora: “” 
Did such a term exist? 
She took out her cell phone and googled it, upon which she saw the explanation: ‘A butterfly kiss is an affectionate gesture made by fluttering the eyelashes against someone’s skin. The name comes from the look of the fluttering eyelashes resembling a butterfly’s wings.’ 
She turned her head to Justin again, the corners of her lips twitching. She said, “I’m ticklish.” 
In other words: don’t you dare sweep your eyelashes across my skin! 
“Oh,” The man said with a straight face, “Your eyelashes are quite long.” 
Nora: “…” 
She heaved a soundless sigh. Then, she couldn’t help but ask, “Why do you know so much?” 
Justin smiled. “Since we aren’t married yet, your father forbids us from going too far. In that case, I would have to put more effort into kissing.” “So…” The traffic light in front turned red. He stopped the car, turned his head to Nora, and asked, “When are you marrying me?” 
Nora rolled her eyes. “Let’s just get engaged first.”
“Yeah. Tomorrow sounds pretty good to me. I will go over to propose marriage and confirm it with Uncle Ian tomorrow.” 
Nora: “” 
The way the man answered so quickly made her realize that that was the exact reply Justin had been waiting for. 
The corners of Nora’s lips twitched again. She felt like she was really coming to understand the scumbag more and more! 
One must absolutely be careful when talking to him, or else they would definitely fall into his verbal traps. 
They were about to reach the Smith residence. While they were still a street away, Nora said, “Alright, I’ll just get off here.” 
This was to prevent Pete from catching sight of Justin. 
Justin understood. After all, he also had a little princess at home. Should Pete find out, Cherry would also hear about it. 
If his daughter realized that he had abandoned her to go on a date, she would definitely throw a tantrum. 
Justin, the slave to his daughter, obediently stopped the car. A black car then came forward from behind. After he bid farewell to Nora and she drove off, Justin got into the black car and left. 
However, Louis, who was a street ahead of Nora, happened to witness this! 
This was the Smiths’ manor. No one else lived in the area, so everyone there was from the Smiths. Therefore, when Nora’s car stopped just now, he had seen everything very clearly! 
When he went home, he saw Joel and Ian sitting upright in the living room.
Pete was seated at the coffee table and working on his Mathematical Olympiad assignments. Upon hearing footsteps, the little boy’s head whipped up and he looked over. 
But when he saw that it was Louis, the light in his eyes dimmed again. 
Louis leaped forward in front of them and shouted, “Something big has happened!!”
###Chapter 569
Chapter 569 Aren’t You Afraid Of Becoming Enemies With Black Cat? 
Louis’ words caused both Joel and Ian to be taken aback, and the two of them looked at him in unison. 
Louis recounted what had happened just now. Then, he said, “I didn’t get a clear look at the man’s appearance, but why didn’t he drop Nora all the way home? Also, after the two got out of the car, they clearly hugged before they changed cars… So, is Nora really seeing someone else behind Pete’s father’s back?” 
For Louis, Justin wasn’t the head of the Hunts. Rather, he was just Pete and Cherry’s father! 
Pete, Joel, and Ian exchanged looks with one another. In the end, all three of them heaved silent sighs. Ian said, “Don’t talk nonsense. Nora is not like that.” 
Louis nodded. “I think so too. She’s so rich, there’s no way she would be so fickle!” 
Everyone: “?” 
Was there any correlation between fickleness and being rich? The three people downstairs felt a whole mix of emotions as they watched the unconcerned Louis go upstairs with his head of bleached blond hair. How they wished their IQ was also as low as his! 
That way, they wouldn’t think too much into things! 
While they were thinking about it, Nora came home. 
Even though she looked as cool and cocky as usual, it was obvious that her mood was a little different. Even her footsteps, which she had always been too lazy to lift when she walked, had become a little lighter than usual. Even her face was rosy. Those reddish lips of hers stood out in particular. Ian and
Joel, who were already experienced certain things, could tell at a glance what had happened! The two looked at each other, neither of them speaking 
It was instead Pete who asked, “Mommy, what was your meeting about? It took so long.” 
‘About love,’ said Nora inside her head. On the surface, however, she replied, “Mm, it was about a relatively difficult project. I’m going upstairs to wash up.” 
But when she reached the stairs, she suddenly looked behind her. 
The moment she did, she saw the complex looks on Ian and Joel’s faces. However, the moment she looked behind her, the two of them withdrew their gazes. The one watching TV got back to watching TV, while the one drinking tea took a sip… 
It was just that… it seemed like the teacup in Ian’s hand was already empty a long time ago? 
Also, with the way how Joel was constantly switching TV channels, what exactly was he watching? 
Why were they behaving so weirdly today?! 
Without thinking too much into it, Nora said, “By the way, Justin is coming over to confirm our engagement tomorrow.” 
After speaking, she fell silent for a while. Then, she said, “Don’t make things difficult for him anymore, Dad.” 
The word “dad” made Ian’s hands shake. The teacup in his hand dropped onto the carpet. 
Ian suddenly raised his head and looked at Nora in disbelief… 
Nora, however, seemed somewhat embarrassed as she went up the stairs with her head down.
Pete also hurriedly packed up his books and followed her upstairs. 
Joel and Ian were the only ones left in the living room. Joel picked up the teacup and placed it in front of Ian. Ian suddenly grabbed his arm and said, “Joel, did you hear that? She called me Dad!” 
Joel nodded and smiled. “Yes, I heard it.” 
Ian immediately sat upright in excitement. He said, “Never mind. I originally wanted to talk some sense into her and convince her that Justin is not suitable to be a member of her harem, but since she likes him, we won’t fight for it!” 
Joel: “!” 
Ian had always been somewhat opposed to Nora marrying Justin because Justin was too capable. He was afraid that his daughter would be at a disadvantage in the marriage. But since he had found out that his daughter was a fickle woman who liked only good-looking men, and Justin was indeed very handsome… If his daughter wasn’t just obsessed with romance, then of course he, as her father, would have to help her! 
What must he do so that Justin would obediently stay in his role as the ‘queen’ and not bother with his daughter’s concubines? 
Ian started to ponder this serious philosophical question about life. 
Early next morning. 
Outside the Hunt manor. 
Brenda walked forward in her high heels and flicked her airy curls as she opened the door and looked at Ruth, who was standing outside.
It was already autumn and the weather was gradually getting chilly. The air was a bit cold at this time. Ruth, who was rubbing her arms, smiled when she saw her. “You’re here,” she said. 
Brenda raised her eyebrows and nodded. Then, she led her inside the house and said, “You said it yourself, right? If I show you around the Hunt manor, you will introduce me to Black Cat.” 
Ruth nodded. “Yes, that’s right!” 
Brenda folded her arms, her attitude lukewarm. She hated the woman with a vengeance, but for the sake of meeting Black Cat, she would put up with her! 
She still didn’t understand, though. “Why did you make such a request?” 
Ruth’s gaze swept around the place with great interest. She answered, “I just want to know what kind of manor a family like yours lives in. After all, I’ve never seen such riches before.” 
Brenda rolled her eyes and yawned. Then, she looked down at her freshly-done nails and said, “It’s nothing, actually. There aren’t even as many handsome guys here as there are out there!” 
Ruth: “…” 
She looked around the house. It was only after she followed Brenda to the master suite that she finally asked, “Where’s your elder brother? I heard he’s very handsome!” 
Brenda became wary at once. She looked Ruth up and down and scoffed, “Surely you aren’t here for him, right? I’ll tell you this—with your plain looks, you don’t stand any chance at all! Besides, I already have a sister-in-law!” 
Ruth narrowed her eyes. “Take me to him. I have something to tell him. If you do, I will let you meet Black Cat. How does that sound?”
Black Cat… 
This was too great a temptation for Brenda. 
As a member of Interpol, interrogation was her forte. But compared to Black Cat, she was still far too inferior. Thus, she had always wanted to learn from Black Cat. 
One could say that Black Cat was the idol for people like her. 
Otherwise, she would never have allowed Ruth to step into the Hunt manor! 
Seeing her hesitate, Ruth said, “It’s a fair exchange, isn’t it? Besides, it’s not like you’re letting Nora down by doing that. After all, you’re just taking me to him. Whether or not I can convince him depends on me, not you…” 
As soon as she said that, Brenda sighed silently. “I’ve really let Nora down.” 
With that, Ruth knew that she had given in. She smiled and said comfortingly, “You don’t have to feel guilty about it. This has nothing to do with you.” 
“How does it have nothing to do with me?” 
Brenda suddenly grabbed her hand. “Just a moment ago, I was actually hesitating to choose between Black Cat or Nora! I’ve really let Nora down!” 
After saying that, she dragged Ruth to the main door. “Therefore, I mustn’t continue making any more mistakes. Get lost!” 
Bam!
Brenda was very strong. She pushed Ruth straight out the door! 
Ruth staggered. After steadying herself, she finally reacted and said angrily, “Brenda! Aren’t you afraid that you’ll become enemies with Black Cat if you do this?!” 
Almost as soon as she said that, Nora’s cool and crisp voice traveled over. “Black Cat will not become enemies with her!”
###Chapter 570
Chapter 570 You Have Already Met Black Cat Before 
Nora had a dream the night before. 
In the dream, the man’s arms were circled around her waist. After kissing her on the lips, he had asked her to kiss the beauty mark at the corner of his eye… 
Then, she had woken up at the groundbreaking time of a little past seven in the morning. When she thought of how Justin would be coming over to propose marriage later that day, for some reason, Nora felt a little nervous. 
She decided to get out of bed. Even after she walked a few rounds outside and sent Pete to school, she still found herself awfully bored. Thus, she took a U-turn and came to the Hunt manor. 
Even she herself didn’t understand why she had come here. It was just that when she arrived at the entrance, she happened to witness the argument between Brenda and Ruth. 
She got out of the car and walked over. 
Ruth frowned when she saw her. She said, “Why not? Black Cat is my friend! Even if Brenda is the young lady of the Hunts, Black Cat would never befriend her just because of that! The worlds inside and outside of the country are completely different! They do not cross paths whatsoever!” 
Nora looked at Ruth coldly and scoffed. “Oh, is that so?” 
Ruth clenched her fists. A short while later, she ranted angrily, “I know what you want to say. Black Cat is Karl’s underling while Karl himself is your sister-in-law’s father. You must be on good terms with him, so you’re thinking of asking him to put in a good word for you, right? But Karl is in police custody of the special department, unable to get out! You want him to put in a good word for you? Dream on!”
She looked at Brenda and said, “I will be coming up with the final interrogation plan with Black Cat tomorrow. You still have a chance to change your mind before that!” 
Brenda ran her fingers through her hair and smiled. In a charming voice, she said, “There’s no need to wait till tomorrow. I told you, get lost.” 
“You…!” Ruth took a deep breath. She lowered her head and said, “Fine. Don’t regret your decision!” 
After saying that, she glanced at Nora again before she finally turned and left. 
After she left, Brenda looked at Nora. “Why are you here, Nora?” 
Nora looked up at the sky, and then suddenly said, “To pick you up for work.” 
Brenda: “?” 
Her eyes lit up in an instant and she held Nora’s arm with a big smile. “Really? That’s so awesome of you! Justin went out early in the morning, though. I don’t know what he’s up to.” 
This indirectly told Nora that Justin was not at home. 
Realizing this, Nora suddenly lost the desire to enter the manor all the more. After all, there was only one person she was interested in in the family. Thus, she led Brenda over to the jeep, got in, and drove to the special department. 
When the two of them arrived at the special department, Ruth happened to be already there. As soon as they entered the lobby, Ruth said, “Everyone, I will email you the questionnaire in a while. However, I need all of you to sign a confidentiality agreement. No one is to leak the contents of the questionnaire to anyone, including your co-workers in the department, because this is my little secret-“.
Brenda sneered, “It doesn’t feel like she’s designing interrogation plans. Rather, this feels like a sales promotion tactic. She’s being too paranoid about this.” 
Nora also felt that Ruth was being too secretive about the questionnaire, making it seem like it was some kind of secret martial arts manual. 
But before she could say anything, Johnson had already given her his full support. “No problem, we are not blabbermouths anyway, right? I’ll be the first to sign the agreement!” 
Ruth smiled and handed a copy of the confidentiality agreement to Johnson. She said, “Sorry about that, Captain Johnson, but this is a trade secret among psychologists. It’s not something I can change, so the content of the questionnaires has to be kept confidential.” 
“I understand!” Johnson said with a serious look, “Even if you ask me how many meals I eat a day, I will still write it all down for you! This is work! Besides, it’s common that experts would take unusual actions!” 
After saying that, he signed the confidentiality agreement. 
With Johnson taking the lead, the others also stepped forward and signed the agreements. 
Brenda raised her eyebrows at Nora and asked, “Do we sign it?” 
With a half-amused look in her cat-like eyes, Nora replied, “Yeah.” 
She certainly wanted to see what exactly Ruth was up to. 
Why was it necessary to understand the interrogator’s personality in advance in order for them to interrogate a prisoner?! Were they going to design different plans in accordance with the interrogators’ different personalities?
Why did she feel like Ruth had her priorities the other way? 
Nora stepped forward and took a serious look at the confidentiality agreement’s clauses. 
Seeing that there weren’t any traps, she signed 
it. 
Brenda thought for a moment and also signed it. After signing, she whispered to Nora, “Although I know that I won’t be able to meet Black Cat anymore, nor will I be able to win Black Cat’s favor, I’d still like to be involved with the interrogation proposals drawn up by Black Cat.” 
Seeing the regretful look on her face, after a moment’s thought, Nora stopped and said, “There’s actually nothing special about Black Cat. It’s just another normal human.” 
Brenda became anxious at once. “It’s only because you’re the one saying it and that you’re good-looking that I’m not holding it against you. If it was someone else who had said that, I would have slammed my fist into their face! 
“Do you know how Black Cat’s reputation came about?” 
Brenda said vividly, “Black Cat was supposed to assassinate a psycho who had gone on a rampage, but everyone in the surroundings had gathered around him. In addition, as the man constantly had people trying to assassinate him for many years, he was very cautious. He had ten different rooms in his house and every night, he would sleep in a different one. With the exception of his butler—who was the person closest to him-no one knew which room he was in. This led to many people failing to take his life-after all, the one-in-ten probability was too low! It was also a well-known fact that his butler was very loyal to him and had even taken 18 bullets for him before! Even if they caught the butler, no one could get him to reveal which room the man was in-yet Black Cat had managed to! The man died soundlessly in his bed.
It was only when he was discovered the next day that everyone realized that the butler had been kidnapped. Through some kind of method, Black Cat had actually gotten the butler to talk!” 
As Brenda spoke, she also became worked up. “Doesn’t it sound very exciting, Nora?” 
Nora paused. She could only sigh. That was such old news from so many years ago. Why were people still talking so enthusiastically about it? 
She looked at the ceiling and suddenly said, “… Well, you have already met Black Cat.”
###Chapter 571
Chapter 571 The Questionnaire!! 
The two of them were suddenly enveloped in silence. 
Nora, who had decided to tell her part of the truth, turned to look at Brenda. Just as she was about to say something, the woman sighed and asked, “How did you know?” 
Nora: “!” 
Brenda rested her chin on her hand and said, “I have indeed seen Black Cat before. Even though I didn’t manage to get a good look at his face, I’m sure he must be a dashing and handsome man!” 
Nora: “” 
Brenda heaved another soft sigh and said, “You may find me funny, but when I got news of Black Cat a year ago, I was actually being sent to arrest him. You should also know that Black Cat is an internationally wanted criminal. But when I went over, I didn’t catch him and instead silently let him go. That day, he was dressed fully in black. Black Cat isn’t very tall, he’s only about 5-feet-7″. However, he’s very nimble. I only saw his back view and didn’t get a good look at his face, but it was exactly his side profile that made me fall so deeply for him!” 
Nora: “?” 
No, wait, why was the story developing kinda weirdly? 
Brenda covered her face and went on. “Saying it out loud sure makes me feel shy and embarrassed! Although this does not stop me from looking at other handsome men, if Black Cat wanted me to, I would abandon the whole pond of fish and run straight into his arms!!” 
Nora: “!!!” 
She wanted to say something, but someone suddenly called out to Brenda. Brenda immediately patted Nora on the shoulder and said, “I’ll go ahead, Nora.” 
Then, as she turned to leave, she suddenly looked at her again and said, “I really have seen Black Cat before, so you don’t have to feel like it’s your fault that I wouldn’t get to meet Black Cat. Neither do you have to feel guilty about it. You really don’t have to think too much and feel bad about it.” 
Nora: “” 
Brenda then went off. After walking some distance, she even stretched out her hands and formed a heart with her fingers at her. 
Nora’s lip corners twitched. Only then did she realize that Brenda must have been talking nonsense on purpose because she thought that Nora would feel guilty about it? 
She held her forehead and returned to her office. 
A while later, she saw an email from Ruth. It was likely the questionnaire. When she opened the file curiously, she saw some very common questions, such as ‘What color do you like?’, ‘What do you like to eat?’, ‘How long do you sleep every day?’, as well as a whole slew of other questions about their personal life! 
Nora found it a little pointless and boring, so she filled it out casually and sent it back. 
At this moment, her cell phone rang. She looked down and found that it was Justin? 
She hurriedly answered and asked, “Are you at the Smith Manor?” 
“… I have already returned home from there.” When Nora heard this, she misunderstood and thought that Ian had refused to let Justin into the house. She comforted him and said, “He probably just can’t
bear to part with me. I can make my own life decisions, though. It’s not like I’m still a kid…” 
“No.” 
Justin interrupted her. As though he was caught between laughter and tears, he said, “Your father… that is, my future father-in-law, has agreed to our marriage.” Nora: “” 
She was the one astounded this time. 
Ian had agreed so easily? 
In the midst of her hesitation, Justin, who was just as puzzled, said, “When I went over, the butler showed me into the house before I could even tell him what I was there for. When I brought up the engagement, Uncle Ian agreed to it readily! He even said that he would come over with some other elders in the family to discuss the wedding date. However, he also said that he would like you to stay with him for a while more. Sigh!” 
Nora laughed. “Why are you sighing?” 
She thought that the man would say that it was because she had to stay with her father for a while more before she could get married, but unexpectedly, Justin instead replied, “I’m sighing because it seems like my father-in-law is about to get upset again when he has only just accepted me.” 
Nora was puzzled. “Why?” 
“… After all, it’s impossible that I would listen to him. Cherry and Pete also need a complete home! So let’s get married as soon as possible, Nora!” 
Nora: “!!!”
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. “This…” 
“Don’t worry, I will resolve the issue with Uncle Ian. Mm, I think it’s a pretty good idea to hold the wedding in a month. What do you think?” 
Nora: “” 
“If you don’t have any ions, then I will make the preparations. You don’t have to bother yourself with anything. All you need to do is rest and wait for the marriage day. Toot… toot… toot…” 
This was the first time Justin had hung up on Nora. It seemed like he was afraid that he would hear a rejection from her. 
Nora stared at the phone for a while. 
Get married a month later? 
Wasn’t this a little too fast?! 
Forget it, there was no way he would be able to convince Ian. Never mind, she wasn’t going to think about it anymore. 
Nora patted her face, stretched her legs out, and propped them on top of the desk. Bored, she went out of the office. 
Unexpectedly, the sound of Ruth and Brenda having an argument traveled over from the hall. 
Ruth asked, “Brenda, why aren’t you submitting the questionnaire?” Brenda replied coldly, “Because…” 
She was about to speak, but she suddenly thought of the confidentiality agreement.
The confidentiality agreement had stipulated that no matter what kind of questions were asked, even if they were to refuse to answer, they were not allowed to mention anything about it to anyone! 
But she was simply too frustrated! 
What kind of questionnaire was that? It was practically an investigation questionnaire about Justin, alright? 
There were questions about what he had done when he was young, what schools he had attended at what age, what his personality was like, what his hobbies were, and so on. It was pretty much short of asking what brand of diapers Justin had worn when he was a baby! 
Ruth’s motives were practically out in the open! 
How could she possibly answer a questionnaire like that?! 
She sneered and said, “Because I feel that it’s not of any use to the interrogation. Isn’t that so, Ms. Yale?” 
Ruth sighed. “I know that my questions don’t make any sense, but everyone has cooperated and responded. I will also give everyone a satisfactory answer sheet tomorrow. All of you just need to follow the interrogation methods that I designate and you’ll be able to get them to tell you whatever you want! Can’t you just cooperate with me?” Brenda said coldly, “No, I can’t!” Ruth sighed and made a show of how she found it a pity. In the end, she said, “Never mind, then. I’d originally wanted to let you meet Black Cat with me. After all, you are well-known internationally for your interrogation skills. But since you are not willing to cooperate, then forget it.” Brenda: “”
###Chapter 572
Chapter 572 I’m Black Cat 
Ruth’s smile was very pure and innocent, making everyone around them unable to keep watching what was happening. 
One by one, all of them started to persuade Brenda. 
“Captain Brenda, this is work. Why don’t you just cooperate with her? Besides, Ruth’s questionnaire is not hard to answer!” 
“Yeah, just cooperate with her! I don’t know what the content of your questionnaire is like, but mine was very simple. Revealing a bit of privacy isn’t much of an issue. Ms. Yale will keep things confidential! The confidentiality agreement we signed is mutual!” 
The confidentiality agreements they had signed were all mutual. 
In other words, while they were not allowed to reveal to outsiders the content of the questionnaires, Ruth was also forbidden from revealing to others their answers. 
Otherwise, it would be a breach of contract. 
“Captain Brenda, isn’t Black Cat your idol? Going by what Ruth said, as long as you submit the questionnaire, she will let you meet Black Cat!” 
“Yeah, this is such a golden opportunity, Captain Brenda! If Nathan got the chance to meet Black Cat, I’d definitely die of jealousy. But if it’s you, then I definitely won’t be jealous!” 
They felt that Brenda was making a mountain out of a molehill. The questionnaire was a psychological one. In other words, it analyzed a person’s psyche by using various small details of their lifestyle.
Therefore, the questions would undoubtedly be more lifestyle-oriented. 
There was no need to be so serious. 
Ruth maintained her innocent girl-next-door image and said, “Yeah, it’s because I heard from Captain Johnson and Captain Ford that you would like to meet Black Cat that I especially kept a place for you. Do you really not want it?” 
“… No, I don’t,” replied Brenda. 
She was practically forcing those three words through gritted teeth. 
When she said that, Ruth sighed and said, “Alright, that’s a real shame.” 
Then, she announced the places on the spot and said, “Everyone was very cooperative with the questionnaire. Unfortunately, Black Cat doesn’t like meeting people, so I can only take two people with me to say hi to him! I’ll be talking to Black Cat in a video conference later. The people whose names I call out can join me for the video conference~! Damon, Ernie!” 
A huge uproar went through the place. 
Everyone looked at Damon and Ernie enviously and remarked resentfully, “What sheer dumb luck they have!” 
“Yeah, totally. Ahhhh, I’m so envious! To think they can have a video conference with Black Cat!” 
“Goddamnit Damon, you have to treat us to dinner!” 
“Ernie, your punishment is that you have to bring us breakfast tomorrow!” 
Damon wasn’t bothered. Ernie, however, valued money very much, so he became anxious when he heard what they said. He said, “It’s impossible for me to bring breakfast for all of you! I will only bring it
for Captain Brenda! She’s the one who gave me the chance to meet Black Cat. If it weren’t for her refusing to submit the questionnaire, how could the opportunity have come to me?” Those were absolutely the words of an unintentionally insensitive man. He was completely unaware that his words were like a knife that stabbed right into Brenda’s heart. 
Brenda: “…” 
The others also burst into loud laughter as they jokingly called Ernie shameless, stingy, and so on. Then, they happily sent Ernie to the conference room. Seeing Damon and Ernie being escorted by everyone into the conference room as if they had just won the lottery, Ruth looked behind at Brenda. Then, she turned again and saw Nora walking over. 
She cast her eyes down and suddenly said, “Ms. Smith, Ms. Hunt is really going to such great lengths for your sake! She has even given up such a great opportunity. I’m really full of admiration!” 
Nora: “?” 
It was for her sake that Brenda had refused to submit the questionnaire? 
Could it be that Ruth’s questions to Brenda were all related to Justin? 
While she was thinking about it, Brenda said, “Don’t think too much into it, Nora. Besides, even if I do submit the questionnaire, Ruth would still refuse to give me a place anyway. We all know that very well!” 
Ruth curled her lips disdainfully. “I’ve already gone so far as to say it in front of so many people. If you had submitted it, I would definitely have saved you a place!” 
Brenda lowered her eyes. “It still goes back to the same thing—it’s impossible!”
Seeing how stubborn she was being, Ruth took a deep breath and raised her head. “In that case, I’m very sorry, but I have to go for my video conference with Black Cat now. Goodbye.” 
After speaking, she walked past Brenda. 
Despite saying that she didn’t give two hoots about it, Brenda kept looking at the conference room. She could hear Damon and Ernie’s loud laughter coming from within. She couldn’t help but wonder what they were talking about… 
She clenched her fists, a look of envy coming over her countenance. 
To be honest, she really wanted to meet Black Cat. 
But she knew that there were some things she must never do! 
“Do you really like Black Cat that much?” 
Nora’s cool and clear voice rang out beside Brenda’s ear. 
Brenda hurriedly said, “It’s just so-so, actually. It’s not like I really, really wanted to meet him. It would be nice if I could, but it doesn’t matter if I can’t! Besides, I’ve already seen him once back then! Who cares about Ruth’s meeting?!” 
After speaking, Brenda curled her lips disdainfully and said, “Ruth is so full of sneaky thoughts! Don’t be fooled by her, Nora, she still harbors illusions about Justin!” 
Despite saying that, she subconsciously walked over to the conference room. But when she reached the door, she couldn’t help but feel that her actions were simply too immature.
Thus, she turned around and headed to the office. 
When the people next to them saw what she did, they couldn’t help but become puzzled and ask, “Captain Brenda, if you wanted to meet Black Cat that much, then why didn’t you agree with Ruth?” 
Brenda immediately stubbornly retorted, “Who says I want to meet Black Cat? I don’t want to at all!” 
Then, she looked at Nora and said, “What’s the big deal about Black Cat? Can he compare to my harem? To be honest with you, Nora, I still like handsome guys more than Black Cat…” 
It was only when one was lying that they would be this long-winded. 
Brenda didn’t even notice what she was beginning to repeat herself. 
Nora sighed silently when she saw her like this. She suddenly said, “Forget it, I’ll just tell you.” 
Brenda was taken aback. “Tell me what?” 
“I am Black Cat.”
###Chapter 573
Chapter 573 Nora’s Academic Qualifications! 
The two of them were still standing outside the meeting room, and there was no one beside them. Nora had also deliberately lowered her voice. 
Brenda’s eyes, which were as beautiful as Justin’s, stared at Nora in astonishment. 
Nora was about to explain why she was hiding her identity when Brenda held her hand up and said, “You don’t have to say any more, Nora, I get it all!” 
Nora: “?” 
Brenda sighed silently and said, “I know you’re trying to comfort me, but you shouldn’t joke about something like that.” 
“Although I do find it a bit of a shame that I didn’t get to meet Black Cat, I really don’t think it’s that big a deal. As an outstanding member of the Interpol, I will always have a chance of meeting Black Cat if I really want to!” 
Brenda patted her on the shoulder. Then, she couldn’t help shaking her head and sighing. She said, “Nora, don’t comfort anyone like that in the future. You’re lucky I’m the one you did that to, otherwise, you will get beaten up.” 
After saying that, Brenda took another look at the meeting room. Then, she turned and left. 
Nora looked at her quietly from the back, the corners of her mouth spasming. 
Never mind.
In any case, she had already told her the truth. At least Brenda would not feel deceived when the cat got out of the bag in the future! 
However, she didn’t leave. Instead, she walked over to the lounge nearby and stared at the conference room. 
She really was very curious. Just what kind of proposal would someone who had openly made a statement on an international platform saying that her interrogation methods were too aggressive and discordant and that one should instead interrogate suspects humanely, come up with? 
She twiddled her thumbs in boredom. After about two hours, the meeting room’s door opened. 
Everyone looked at the meeting room, upon which they saw Damon and Ernie walking out with dazed and confused looks on their faces. Ruth was holding documents in her hand, her chin slightly raised. 
Damon and Ernie were looking at her with great admiration in their eyes. 
The very moment they came out, everyone who had been paying attention to them all this time rushed over and started asking questions one by one. “How was it?” 
“Did you guys finalize the interrogation plans?” 
Damon nodded, but then shook his head again. 
Ernie also had an indescribable look on his face. 
The people around them became even more anxious. They gave him a push and asked, “Come on, tell us, what exactly happened?” 
Someone even went straight to the point and asked, “Did you guys see Black Cat?” 
With regard to that question, Damon replied, “Yes, we did.”
Everyone’s ears perked up. “What is he like?” Damon sighed and replied, “He was wearing a facial mask and sunglasses, so I couldn’t tell. But he talks very little and looks a little thin…” 
His description was somewhat similar to the image painted by the people abroad who had seen Black Cat before. 
There were also people who were more concerned about the case itself. They asked, “Are the plans done, then? How are they? Are they simple or complex?” 
Ernie replied, “… Yes, but I don’t understand them.” 
Everyone: “?” 
Ernie coughed. “I don’t know how to say it. Black Cat and Ruth were speaking in French the whole time… and you guys know what my fluency in French is like… I don’t understand even a single technical term…” “Boo_” Everyone then looked at Damon. “People in the IT department should understand technical terms, right?” 
Now, this was actually a misconception toward software engineers. Although there were a lot of technical terms in software engineering, one didn’t actually need to know them all. It was enough as long as they understood the ones related to their specialization. 
Damon had taken French classes all the way till the end of college. This was already considered a high level of fluency in the department. But with all of them staring at him like that, he flushed and replied, “… Actually, I didn’t really understand, either. It’s mainly because Ruth’s academic qualifications are too high, and they were using too many technical terms. I really couldn’t understand them.” 
After speaking, he even scratched his head. 
Everyone was speechless. Then, everyone turned to Ruth and asked, “Come on, Ruth, are the plans done?”
Ruth smiled and replied, “Yes, but only in French, so they need to be translated.” After saying that, she stretched and asked, “Is there an interpreter in our department?” 
Everyone: “…” 
With everyone keeping quiet, Ruth immediately understood. She said, “I’m sure Captain Brenda can do it. I just don’t know if she’d be willing to deign helping us translate 
it?” 
Brenda was already standing outside the crowd when they came out of the meeting room. She was also very curious about what exactly Black Cat and Ruth had talked about, as well as what kind of interrogation plans they had come up with. Was it really possible to get someone to tell the truth without torture? 
Never would she have thought that the woman could turn the topic to her without her even saying a single word, though. 
On top of that, she even wanted her to translate the documents… 
To be honest, there wasn’t really anything wrong with her translating documents. Brenda had already hung out enough with the men that she wouldn’t fuss over such little things. 
But now! 
Ruth was telling Brenda to be her assistant instead! 
Hah. 
She was a member of Interpol. Even Morris and Johnson couldn’t dictate her actions in the special department, so where did that woman get that much confidence from? 
She was practically speechless! 
Brenda sneered, “I’m not free.” 
She turned around and left right after she spoke. 
At the sight, Ruth sighed and asked, “Captain Brenda, are you still mad about what happened?” 
Brenda didn’t even bother reasoning with her this time. 
She had already known a long time ago how big of a hypocrite she was anyway. 
Seeing how Brenda didn’t reply, Ruth lowered her gaze and sighed. “Captain Brenda seems angry with me! In that case, is there anyone else who speaks French well?” 
One by one, the rest of the boorish men either lowered their heads or looked at the sky. 
Members of Interpol would definitely need foreign language skills, but this was a specialized department of the United States, so there weren’t many among them who were fluent in foreign languages. 
However, someone suggested tentatively, “If it’s someone who’s well-known internationally… then how about Nora? She is the internationally famous surgeon Anti, she might also be fluent in other languages, right?” 
Ruth looked at Nora. She wanted to speak up but suddenly realized something. She said, “Oh, I heard that it seems like Ms. Smith has never been to school? Even if you’re fluent in French, what about English itself?” 
Nora’s almond-shaped eyes lifted slightly.
She was just watching the show. She wasn’t here to give herself more work. 
Besides, translating documents would take up time, wouldn’t it? Which of the foreign documents she read didn’t need a few days for them to be translated? 
Therefore, Nora replied decisively, “I’m bad at both.” 
Ruth sighed silently. “Forget it, I’ll do it then!” 
Johnson walked over from the side when she said that. Upon hearing what she had said, he couldn’t help but frown. He said, “It seems like the academic qualifications of the people in the special department are a little low. Isn’t there anyone with high academic qualifications here? Ruth is a Harvard graduate majoring in psychology, you know!” 
The moment he said that, everyone was stunned. All of them looked at Ruth in disbelief. 
“Harvard? No wonder she’s so impressive!” “Yes, when I was watching her talk to Black Cat, the two of them were speaking completely in French. Although I didn’t understand what they were saying, they still looked so amazing!” 
“A Harvard postgraduate majoring in psychology? It feels like some kind of strange life-form has infiltrated us!” 
“Hahahaha!” 
While everyone was laughing and joking around, Johnson suddenly realized something. He looked at Nora and asked, “By the way, what are your academic qualifications, Ms. Smith?” 
Nora raised her brows.
Johnson suddenly turned and looked at Morris, who had just walked over. He said, “I remember that for recruitment into the special department, candidates must have a bachelor’s degree or higher, right? But it seems like Ms. Smith has never attended school. Aren’t you giving too much leeway for your special recruit here?” 
“She has never been to school?” Some of the people there had already found it strange when Ruth made that remark just now. They were even more weirded out now. “How did you become a well-known surgeon if you have never been to school?’” 
Nora explained, “Oh, I’m self-taught.” “Self-taught? That’s amazing!” “Yeah! To think you could become the top surgeon in the world when you’re self-taught! I also heard that you’re even Dr. Zabe’s only disciple and that you’ve inherited his mantle in alternative medicine!” 
“Huh? Is she that amazing?” 
“Yeah, didn’t you know?” 
In the midst of the discussion, there were also some dissonant voices mixed in. “But she has never received any orthodox training. Is she really qualified in things other than medical examinations?” 
“I can’t help but keep feeling like the talk about direct disciples and whatnot is a little too passé. I mean, are you going to say in a job interview that you’re some guy’s disciple instead of presenting your own academic qualifications?” 
“Yeah…” 
Johnson also attacked Morris with this. He said, “What is going on here, Captain Ford? I need a reasonable explanation from you!” Morris frowned. “I—” But before he could finish, Johnson sneered, “In other words, even her medical skills came from some unorthodox background and she has never received proper training before. No matter how highly praised she is out there, the special department
can’t have someone like her here! What’s the matter with you?! Are you ignoring even the hard conditions for recruitment into the special department? We won’t even talk about a bachelor’s degree anymore. Does she even have an elementary school background? I’m definitely going to report this to the higher-ups! Your behavior is really becoming more and more ridiculous!” 
Johnson’s words became more and more unpleasant. 
The others also shut up one by one. But when they thought about it, they felt that Johnson’s words made sense. 
Ruth, who was standing at the side, felt a faint sense of superiority. 
She had finally found something that she could crush Nora with. Once news of how she had no academic qualifications whatsoever spread… she would probably become a laughingstock! 
As the person in the center of the storm, Nora was surprisingly calm. 
She had no academic qualifications whatsoever? 
Hah. 
Just as Ruth was feeling awfully smug, Morris suddenly said, “Captain Johnson, who says that Ms. Smith has no academic qualifications?!”
###Chapter 574
Chapter 574 Academic Qualifications! 
When Johnson heard this, he frowned, snorted coldly, and said sarcastically, “An elementary school certificate?” 
There might have been experts in ancient times who lived as hermits, but self-taught? In this current age and time? Without the relevant certificates and academic qualifications, that was nothing more than a joke! 
Even some of the wealthy and noble were pursuing academic qualifications these days. Most of them were Ivy League graduates. 
The moment Johnson said that, though, Morris pulled a long face and said, “Captain Johnson, you were the one who taught me in the past that we must always present evidence when making a case, and that we must always be careful in how we do things. But now that you’ve lived past your days, it seems like you have forgotten all of that!” 
When Johnson first joined the department, Morris had treated him as his mentor. 
But Johnson had put Morris down time and again in everything. Morris wasn’t stupid, how would he possibly not know what he was thinking? 
Following how each and every time Johnson made trouble for him, he had gradually become utterly disappointed in him. He no longer regarded the man as the mentor who had initiated him into the industry. 
He had never been a man of forbearance since the start, so he hit back at him directly. 
His words made Johnson choke and he reprimanded, “Morris, I know you’re the acting director of the special department, but even so, surely you shouldn’t be talking to me like that, right? No matter what, I
am still your mentor! Besides, are you behaving like this because you’re upset at being called out?” 
Morris cast his eyes down. His gaze swept across everyone present and he merely said coldly, “My external appointment of Ms. Smith is in full compliance with all of the special department’s regulations and can stand the test of any investigation! Do a thorough investigation before you speak next time, Captain Johnson!” 
Johnson scoffed huffily, “Full compliance with the regulations? The minimum education requirement for external personnel is a college degree. Did she pay for a college degree certificate?” 
Morris, however, did not reply to him. He merely looked at Ruth frostily and said, “One’s abilities are what matter in the special department. Academic qualifications are useless! I’d advise certain people not to do unnecessary comparisons. You guys shouldn’t use academic qualifications… to humiliate yourselves!” 
After saying that, he turned and left. 
It was only after Morris left that Johnson finally came back to his senses. He looked at Nora furiously and then at Ruth. “Humiliate yourselves… Aren’t you using the wrong words? In my opinion, you are the one who needs to study more! How are academic qualifications not important? If they aren’t important, then why is everyone trying so hard to further their studies and obtain higher qualifications?” 
When Ruth heard this, she let out a soft laugh and comforted him. “Don’t be mad, Captain Ford just said that in a moment of anger. But if he says that Ms. Smith’s academic qualifications are in compliance with the rules, then they must be in compliance with the rules…” 
As soon as she said that, Johnson sneered, “He probably just means that she meets the minimum academic qualifications requirements in the regulations, right? I heard that she lived in another country for five years, yet she can’t even translate a document…” Ruth continued to persuade him. “Living
overseas is not like how you think it is. I heard that there are areas in every country where immigrants from certain countries tend to congregate, and the people living there all speak in their native language. Thus, there is no need to use the country’s native tongue for communication at all. It’s no different from a reduced version of certain countries. So, even though a lot of people claim to have lived overseas in order to make themselves seem more impressive than they really are, in truth, they were just staying there instead. When they return to the country two years later, they self-proclaim to be people who have undergone ‘foreign education’. How amazing!” 
As soon as Ruth said that, Johnson sneered again and said, “Such returnees are impressive on the surface, but rotten inside. The special department does not need useless good-for-nothings like that!” 
He looked at Nora again and said, “Nora, seeing how you are still young, don’t always come late and leave early. If you have the time, it’s better if you study more instead! Do you think that just having a degree is enough? Even the lowest college degree required to join the special department is a Bachelor’s degree. There are even several people with Master’s degrees here! I heard that Damon is an MIT Computer Science graduate!” 
Damon scratched his head at once, a little embarrassed. 
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology was one of the best universities in the world. MIT’S courses focused on science and engineering, and their computer science department was the best in the country! Damon’s academic qualifications were indeed very impressive, and he was indeed a rare talent in the special department. 
He hurriedly said, “Captain Johnson, that’s nothing much to be proud of. Throw a stone randomly in New York and it would probably hit an MIT student.”
“Look at how humble he is!” Johnson pointed to Damon and said insinuatingly, “Everyone should learn from Damon!” 
Damon became even more abashed. “What’s there to learn from me? No matter how great my computer skills are, they don’t even amount to one-tenth of Q or Y’s capabilities. I still have lots more to work on. Even if I am not as amazing as them, I should still at least maintain the gap between us, lest they leave me in the dust.” 
Damon was a straightforward man. His words were sincere and came from the bottom of his heart. 
However, he didn’t know that his words only gave Johnson even more of an excuse to reprimand Nora. He said, “Look at him, now that’s what I call the hope of the United States! If every single one of you is lazy, glib, and lacking in ambition, then how is the special department going to improve? How will we be able to crack the cases we were tasked with?!” 
Everyone stopped talking. 
Ruth spoke up again. “Captain Johnson, you can’t use an isolated incident to make demands of everyone.” 
Johnson sneered, “Why not? As they say, geniuses are not scary. What’s scary is when the geniuses work even harder than you! Never mind that some people don’t have any academic qualifications, but shouldn’t they then put in even more effort to learn from their highly-educated co-workers? And ask them for advice? Do they think that they are already at the top of the world just because they’ve mastered a certain skill? There is no limit to learning! If you don’t advance, you will only fall behind. If you don’t pursue further studies, I’m afraid that your position as the number one surgeon will be replaced by someone else in a year or two!” 
The front half of his words was only alluding to Nora’s identity, but the latter half had directly singled out Nora.
Nora picked at her ears and looked at Johnson. She lifted her cat-like eyes slightly and said directly, “You might as well just straight-up call out my ID number.” 
Johnson: “?” 
Nora looked at him and marveled, “Are you really Morris’ mentor?” 
Johnson frowned. “Of course I am!” 
Nora heaved a silent sigh. “In that case, the fact that Morris could become the cautious man he is today must really be some kind of genetic mutation!” 
Johnson: “?” 
Nora glanced at him and scoffed, “Morris has already said just now that one should not belittle others when they don’t know any better. Captain Johnson, if your eyes are bad, I can change them to another pair for you. If possible, please go to the archives and take a look at my file before you make such a ruckus.” 
After speaking, she turned and walked out. “What a huge din.” 
Everyone: “?” 
Everyone could only watch as Nora stepped through the main entrance and left. Johnson was infuriated. He pointed at her from the back and snapped, “What does she mean? Is she saying that I’m blind? She’s too arrogant! Even though her academic qualifications are low, she sure has a huge temper!” 
“How dare she even tell me to take a look at her file! Hah, then I shall go and take a look!” 
Johnson then took out his cell phone, logged in to his account, and accessed the archives. 
He would take a look at that woman’s academic qualifications in front of everyone today so that all of them would know what exactly she was like! 
The furious man connected the cell phone to the projector in the hall and displayed her education history on the wall. 
Johnson then opened the file containing Nora’s personal information. 
Nora looked cool and distant in her photo in the personal data section. The girl’s almond-shaped eyes looked straight ahead as if her gaze penetrated right into one’s heart through the screen, making one feel a little alarmed. 
Position: External forensic doctor 
Age: 25 
Date of birth… 
At last, Johnson looked at the section detailing Nora’s academic qualifications… When he did, he was stunned. 
Next to him, the smug smile on Ruth’s face also froze.
###Chapter 575
Chapter 575 Slap In The Face! 
Ruth had always been proud of her academic qualifications. After all, there were very few highly- educated people with Master’s degrees like her. People like them were considered scarce talents. 
That was why she had suddenly put Nora down with academic qualifications when she spotted her right after they came out of the conference room. 
Because it seemed that apart from her academic qualifications, there was nothing about her that could compare with Nora! 
However, she was currently staring at Nora’s personal information on the screen in astonishment. It clearly read: 
Education: Doctorate 
All education after a Bachelor’s graduation was postgraduate, so postgraduate degrees were the highest level of degree that one could achieve. 
In that respect, Nora’s academic qualifications were the same as Ruth’s. 
However, Ruth’s was a Master’s degree whereas Nora’s was: 
Degree: PhD 
Ph.D…. This was the highest level of degree achievable! Was there anything beyond that? Of course there was! There were postdocs and academicians, but those were just occupational titles.
In addition, there were many people who couldn’t become postdoctoral researchers or academicians even after spending all of their lives trying 
Yet it was stated in Nora’s file that she was an academician at an international medical university when she was living abroad. 
It was to the extent that Ruth was even wondering if her eyes were playing tricks on her. 
Did 25-year-old academicians even exist?! 
She rubbed her eyes and looked over againonly to see that the word “academician” was still clearly stated there. In addition, there were also corresponding certificates proving that all of this was real. 
Johnson was dumbfounded. 
Ruth also shut up. 
Only Damon, the insensitive fellow, was silly enough to say, “Oh my god, I finally understand why Captain Ford said that we would just be humiliating ourselves if we compare our academic qualifications with Ms. Smith’s! B-but what’s going on here, though? Didn’t they say that Ms. Smith has never been to school? Yet she’s actually an academician?!” 
Someone nearby swallowed audibly and said, “An academician…! I’ve actually seen a living, breathing academician! No wonder Ms. Smith is so cocky! If my academic qualifications were like hers, I would be even cockier than her, alright? She’s so cool!” 
“Where did Captain Ford find someone as talented as her? Her working ability aside, just her academic qualifications alone are already the first of its kind in the special department! Ms. Smith makes us so proud!”
No matter in what industry and no matter who it was, one would always possess the most basic level of awe in the face of knowledge. People who managed to enter prestigious universities were already very impressive, and geniuses-even if they were down and outwould never be ridiculed, either. 
Furthermore, given Nora’s academic qualifications and certificates… one couldn’t even call her a mere genius anymore, right?! 
“I’m actually working with an academician every day! Gosh, I suddenly feel so honored.” 
“Me too… I feel like I’m about to float… Captain Ford is so awesome. To think he could actually get such a talent to join the special department…” 
While everyone was talking about it, Johnson hurriedly turned off his cell phone. He felt like his cheeks were stinging. He had recruited Ruth while… 
Morris had recruited Nora. 
All this time, he had been trying to use the reason that Ruth was better than Nora to weaken Morris’ momentum, but little did he think that he would actually lose all of the few consecutive rounds of competition! 
This especially stood out when he looked at the group of subordinates here. It was obvious that they now admired Morris even more. 
He had totally shot himself in the foot! 
Ruth clenched her fists tightly. 
She felt like even the glory that Black Cat had brought her just now had all been snatched away. 
If she hadn’t mentioned anything about academic qualifications, everyone would probably still be gathered all around her and dying to know more about Black Cat’s proposal. However, it was obvious
that their focus wasn’t on her anymore. 
Ruth coughed, planning to change the subject. She asked, “Would you guys like to take a look at the proposal that Black Cat and I have discussed and jointly drawn up?”. 
As soon as she said that, Damon said perfunctorily, “I can’t read it anyway, so I’ll just wait until you’re done translating it… Speaking of academicians, though! It’s really hard to become one. But considering how Nora is Anti, the top surgeon in the world, it doesn’t seem that improbable that she would become one…” 
A puzzled co-worker asked, “Are academicians very amazing?” 
Damon’s lip corners couldn’t help b He gave him a crash course and said, “The United States has a population of over 300 million people, but there are only over a thousand academicians in the country! In addition, you have to make major contributions in your field to have a chance of being appraised! There are only a dozen or so academicians in the field of medicine! So, would you say it’s amazing or not?!” 
“My goodness, then Nora… no, I feel like even the uttering her name is a form of insult towards her. What kind of contribution has Professor Smith made?” 
No one was paying any attention to Ruth anymore. All of them had gathered and were discussing the matter in low voices. Seeing this, Ruth bit her lip hard. 
Next to her, Johnson took a deep breath and said, “What’s the use of having impressive academic qualifications? This is the special department! It’s not a medical team! People who can crack the case and catch all the members of the mysterious organization are the ones who are truly the most impressive!” 
Unfortunately, no one was listening to him anymore. 
Johnson: “…”
“Forget it, Captain Johnson,” said Ruth. 
Johnson looked at Ruth bitterly and said, “It’s all your fault. You’ve totally embarrassed me!” 
A dim light flashed across Ruth’s eyes, but on the surface, she instead lowered her head and sighed. “I didn’t expect this to happen, either. But don’t worry, Captain Ford has already said it himself just now. Having high academic qualifications is nothing impressive. As long as my proposal allows us to find important clues through interrogation, it’ll still be all thanks to you knowing talent when you see it!” 
Upon hearing this, Johnson looked at her. He suddenly lowered his voice and asked, “Is that interrogation plan of yours reliable?” 
Johnson had boasted really hard about how Ruth was a master interrogator and whatnot, but to be honest, he didn’t really believe in her, either. 
Ruth’s eyes flickered. Then, she smiled and replied, “Just wait for the good news tomorrow!” 
Johnson nodded when he heard that. 
Then, all of his fury from just now disappeared. 
The next day… Heh, he would give the special department a big gift the next day! 
— 
Nora drove home in the jeep. 
On the way home, she couldn’t help but sneeze. 
She couldn’t tell who might be cursing her.
She held the steering wheel with one hand and leaned her other arm on the window. Her head was propped on her hand as she looked ahead of her and drove in boredom. 
Ruth and Johnson sure were becoming kinda annoying 
It was to the extent that she wanted the two of them to disappear from her sight. 
However, those two usually only made small trouble, so she could only disclose her identity and give them a slap in the face at the most, which was no fun at all. 
She wondered when the two of them would do something big instead? 
Bland and painless tricks like those were simply too boring! 
While thinking about it, she returned to the Smiths. 
As soon as she entered the house, Maureen came running out in tears. She was taken aback for a moment. Before she could even ask what had happened, Warren rushed over. He said, “Sigh, dear, let me explain…” 
Maureen, however, refused to listen and left at once. 
Warren chased after her and went past Nora. It was as though neither of them had noticed her. 
Nora: “…” 
The couple was quarreling again. 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she ignored them. Instead, she went up the stairs. As soon as she reached the door, she saw Joel staring at her. He said, “Mr. Hunt came over today.” 
Nora raised her brows.
The sensitive woman discovered that for some reason, Joel’s term of address had changed from “Justin” to “Mr. Hunt” again. 
There was a little more respect in his speech. 
“Uh-huh, and then?” She asked. 
Joel replied, “He proposed marriage, to which Dad has agreed. Then, he immediately set a few dates where he’ll be coming over so that you guys can settle on a wedding date.” 
Nora: “…” 
Was that man in such a hurry? Her lip corners twitched and she nodded. “Okay, got it.” 
After replying, she was about to enter her bedroom when she heard Joel’s voice again. “Nora,” he said. 
Nora looked back to see Joel looking at her hesitantly. A short while later, he suddenly said, “You… Why don’t you treat Mr. Hunt a little nicer and be a little more faithful to him?” 
Nora: “?” 
Even though she was confused, she nodded before she finally entered her room, leaving behind Joel, who could only heave a soundless sigh as he looked at her from the back. 
In the future that Ian had planned for Nora, Justin was the queen in her harem. As for the concubines, they sure were pitiful. They wouldn’t even be getting an official status. 
Just like that, Justin-aka the queen-started to play multiple roles all by himself without him even knowing. 
The next day, Nora only woke up at noon as usual. When she went downstairs, she saw Tanya standing there and looking at her nervously. She said, “Nora, I will go with you to pick him up and bring him
home!” 
Nora yawned. 
Before she came home the day before, she had gone over and visited Karl again. He was still the same as ever. He had even asked her to tell Tanya to prepare some dumplings for him to eat that day. 
In the kitchen, the dumplings were already all wrapped and laid out on the tray, stuffed to the brim with fillings. 
Nora took a couple of bites from a slice of bread. Then, she went to the special department with Tanya. 
When the two arrived, Karl had not been acquitted yet. Nora took Tanya to visit him first. 
When he saw Tanya, Karl chuckled and asked, “Are the dumplings all wrapped and done?” 
Tanya looked at him huffily and folded her arms as she replied fiercely, “No, they aren’t!” 
Karl grinned and scratched his tattooed arm. “Well, never mind if they aren’t done yet, what are you being so fierce for? You’re not like your mom at all!” 
At the mention of Tanya’s mother, Tanya fell silent for a moment before she asked, “What was she like?” 
Margot, who had killed Jill and stolen her identity, had always beaten and scolded Tanya since she was a child. If it weren’t for the fact that she was afraid that others would discover her identity, she would probably have drowned Tanya a long time ago. But it was precisely because of Tanya’s existence that no one ever connected her to Margot. 
Tanya had never experienced a mother’s love.
Karl was about to tell her about Jill when Johnson suddenly knocked on the door outside and said, “Karl, Terry is here!” As they had to deal with work matters, Nora led Tanya out of the room. 
Karl was waving at them. The burly man looked just like a kid asking for candy. He said, “I’ll tell you all about it when we get home!” 
Tanya rolled her eyes. 
Even though she cared for him, on the surface, she was always acting as if she didn’t. Nora, however, was staring at the man named Terry. He had wrinkles on his face and was in a wheelchair. Johnson pushed the man in the wheelchair into the interrogation room… 
For some reason, a foreboding feeling suddenly welled up in Nora. 
Sure enough, some time later, a gunshot suddenly rang out in the room!!! 
Bang! 
Nora’s pupils shrank and she rushed over!
###Chapter 576
Chapter 576 Leave? 
Everyone in the special department immediately became nervous. They placed their hands on their waists and held their guns. 
Tanya reacted a little slower than Nora, but then her legs went limp. She stumbled toward the interrogation room. As she ran, she shouted, “Dad!” In the interrogation room, the people with guns could only be the two policemen. Then, who had fired the gun? Who had been hit? Nora ran quickly into the interrogation room. Before she could get close, the people guarding outside had already rushed in. The person in the lead was actually Ruth! 
After they entered, Ruth’s voice suddenly came from the interrogation room. “Ah!” 
Nora sped up and rushed to the door. She hurriedly looked inside and saw that Karl was holding a gun in his hand. He was pressing it against Ruth’s temple. 
The others, including Captain Johnson, all pointed their guns at him! 
Nora’s gaze swept across Karl’s body first. When she saw that there were no traces of him being hit, she finally relaxed. Then, she turned around and saw that Old Terry was lying in a pool of blood. 
She rushed over and checked Old Terry’s pulse, but she realized that his temple had been pierced by a bullet. There was no way to save him. 
Nora frowned. 
At this moment, Morris had already rushed over. He asked in a low voice, “What’s going on?” 
Captain Johnson still had a frightened expression on his face. His eyes were red as he shouted angrily, “Karl kept saying that he wanted to see Old Terry. He would only tell the truth when he saw Old Terry, so I
called him over. But I didn’t know that Karl hated Old Terry for misjudging his murder case back then. He killed Old Terry!!” 
With that, Captain Johnson pointed his gun at him. “I want to take revenge for Old Terry!” 
However, Karl blocked Ruth between him and himself and shouted, “If you dare to shoot, I’ll kill her!” 
Captain Johnson frowned. 
Seeing that no one came forward, Karl said, “I didn’t kill anyone! Old Terry is my boss. How could I kill him?! It was Johnson who killed him and framed me!” 
When Captain Johnson heard this, he sighed silently. “What? Karl, do you think this is a drama?!” 
Karl shouted, “It’s true! Old Terry is my boss. He has my file! Johnson killed Old Terry and wants to kill me too!” 
Captain Johnson frowned. 
He took a deep breath and said, “What bullsh*t. You said I killed Old Terry. Should I test the trajectory?! Let’s see whose pistol killed Old Terry!” 
At this moment, both Karl and Captain Johnson had a gun in their hands. 
Everyone would know after testing the guns. 
Karl narrowed his eyes and stared at Captain Johnson. 
He could not figure out why Captain Johnson would do this… 
Two minutes ago, when Captain Johnson and Old Terry entered, Old Terry had even held his hand and said that it had been hard on him for so many years.
Karl sighed. “I just want to recover my identity so that I can return to my daughter.” 
Old Terry expressed his understanding. He even said that he himself had retired because he wanted to go back and accompany his daughter… 
However, Karl was stunned. “You retired? Weren’t you working all along? When did you retire?” 
Old Terry was stunned. “I retired five years ago. Your matters later were…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Captain Johnson suddenly took out a gun from his pocket. It was wrapped in tissues. He fired through the tissues and aimed the gun at Karl! 
In his panic, Karl reached out to snatch the 
gun! 
And there were only his fingerprints on the gun!! 
If he went to verify it, there would be no evidence at all! 
His original plan was to kill Old Terry and Karl. This way, he could bury everything! 
But Karl had some skills. 
Not only did he snatch his gun, but he also shoved him hard and rushed out. It was filled with Johnson’s people outside. If Karl went out, he would die too! 
However, Ruth just so happened to pass by outside at this moment. When she turned the corner, she was still talking. “Captain Johnson, we want to start the interrogation from Karl. May I?” 
Then, she was quickly taken hostage by Karl. 
He did not manage to fire that shot!
Now, it was big trouble. 
However, Johnson had a plan. 
Captain Johnson raised his gun and stood with the group of people around him. He said, “Besides, I’m from the special department. Why would I kill Old Terry? I’m comrades with Old Terry! Brothers! Old Terry even took a bullet for me. Everyone knows that!” 
Captain Johnson’s eyes were red. He was furious. “I want to avenge Old Terry!” 
With that, he took another step forward and looked like he was about to shoot! 
Karl pushed Ruth! 
Ruth immediately shouted, “Captain Johnson, save me, save me!” 
Captain Johnson looked extremely angry and he only felt that Ruth was meddlesome! 
As Captain Johnson thought about this, he narrowed his eyes. “Karl, if you’re innocent, then put down the gun and let go of Ruth!” 
Karl sneered. “How is that possible? Do you think I’m mad? If I let go of her, I’ll be the one dying the next second!” 
Karl was very smart. He knew that there was a sniper in the special department. Therefore, not only did he hold Ruth hostage, but he even hid inside the interrogation room. 
The interrogation room was airtight, and it had become his safe haven! 
Karl did not wait for Captain Johnson to speak again and shouted, “Go out, all of you!” 
Captain Johnson and Morris could only slowly retreat.
As soon as he went out, Captain Johnson slammed his fist on the wall in anger. Tears flowed down his face as he roared, “I’m the one who harmed Old Terry!!” 
At this moment, inside the special department, Janson ran over. He shouted as he ran, “What’s going on? What happened to my father?” 
The dead Old Terry inside was his father! 
When Captain Johnson saw him, he instantly patted his shoulder. “It’s me. I’m the one who caused your father’s death!” 
Janson’s eyes widened. Then, he seemed to have understood something. He pulled out his gun and rushed into the room. “I want to avenge my father!” 
However, he was grabbed by Morris. He said in a deep voice, “Janson, don’t be impulsive. You have to trust us. We’ll give you a fair answer!” 
Hearing Morris’s words, Janson suddenly squatted down and covered his face. 
He believed in Morris. 
The door to the interrogation room was still open. Morris shouted into the room, “Karl, let go of Ruth and surrender. We’ll give you a chance to defend yourself! This is also your best choice!” 
Karl did not move. He wanted to leave! 
The moment Captain Johnson killed Old Terry, he no longer believed in this place. 
Furthermore, five years… Old Terry said that he had retired five years ago. Then, who had been giving him orders these five years?!
These matters were extremely terrifying when thought carefully. It made Karl only want to escape and return to someplace he was familiar with. 
He held Ruth hostage and walked out of the interrogation room, avoiding the glass door and any place that could be hit by a sniper rifle. He moved out bit by bit. “Prepare a car for me! I want to leave this place immediately!” 
Ruth was so frightened that her legs were trembling. “Give it to him! Captain Ford, give it to him! I don’t want to die!” 
Morris looked at the two of them. After a moment, he said, “Karl, have you thought it through? If you leave like this, then your charge of murder will be confirmed! You’ll never be able to prove your innocence!” 
Karl lowered his head. “Fleeing is better than death!” 
However, when he said this, Captain Johnson suddenly pointed not far away and said, “But what about your daughter? Do you want your daughter to be a murderer’s daughter for the rest of her life? Karl, aren’t you afraid you’ll traumatize your daughter by doing this in front of her?!” 
Karl suddenly looked at her daughter. 
Tanya was standing holding the wall. Her beautiful eyes were looking at him without a blink. Her eyes were filled with shock. 
Karl tightened his jaw. 
Tanya did not know what to do… 
It was very dangerous now. 
He might get killed if he stayed here much longer!
As she was thinking… 
An angry voice was heard. “You killed my father. I’m going to kill your daughter!” 
Janson stood up suddenly and raised his pistol to aim at Tanya! Karl was anxious. He let go of Ruth and shouted at Tanya, “Careful!” 
Tanya’s eyes widened. 
Even Morris looked suddenly turned toward Janson, but it was too late. Janson had already pulled the trigger! 
At the moment, just as everyone held their breaths, they realized that Janson had pulled the trigger but there was no sound at all. 
Janson’s hands were trembling. Only then did everyone realize that the gun was not loaded! Morris was shocked. He stood between Tanya and Janson and shouted angrily, “What are you doing?” 
Janson looked at Morris and said, “Captain Ford, don’t worry. I didn’t forget I’m a cop!” 
He knew what he should and shouldn’t do! 
Then why did he suddenly target Tanya? At this thought, Morris suddenly realized something. This was a diversion! 
This was Janson and Captain Johnson’s plan! 
Indeed, Morris suddenly turned his head and saw that on the other side, Captain Johnson suddenly shouted at Ruth, “Get down!” 
Ruth understood and hurriedly dropped to the ground.
Then, Captain Johnson calmly shot Karl with a cold expression! 
Captain Johnson wanted to kill Karl!! Karl looked at the gun aimed at him and knew that he could not escape… 
He subconsciously looked at Tanya. 
For some reason, he suddenly thought of the dumplings that Jill had once made for him with three-fish filling… 
Was he going to die here today? 
Although he was unwilling, he seemed to feel a little better when he thought about how he was going to reunite with Jill. 
These thoughts flashed across Karl’s mind… 
But at this point! 
Unexpectedly, the falling Ruth suddenly raised her arm. Coincidentally, she blocked the bullet aimed at Karl! 
Bam! 
The bullet hit Ruth’s arm, causing her to cry out in pain. “Ah!!” 
The bullet was blocked. It seemed to be mostly luck, but no one had noticed that Nora, who was treating Old Terry on the ground, had suddenly picked up a coffee bean lying on the ground and thrown it at Ruth, hitting her arm. Nora narrowed her eyes. She had been performing CPR on Old Terry with another policeman.
However, she was actually looking around and watching the reactions of the people around 
her. 
Karl was saved again. He quickly came back to his senses and grabbed Ruth’s arm, taking her hostage again! She, who had been trying to escape had been shot in the arm, causing her to turn pale. 
At this moment, Ruth was so angry that her entire body was trembling. 
She just wanted to receive credit. She did not expect things to end up like this! 
Karl did not listen to her and dragged Ruth to the door. 
At the door, Black Panther was waiting in a black car. He was originally going to pick Karl up from prison. 
He did not expect to get into such a situation. 
He immediately rushed to Karl’s side and asked, “Brother, what’s going on?!” When Captain Johnson saw him, he shouted, “Do you see that? That is Black Panther! He’s here to receive Karl. They must have planned everything long ago! They planned to kill Old Terry!” 
He was not anxious at all. 
Luck was a factor when he picked up the gun earlier. 
It would have been best if he could kill Karl. But even if he couldn’t, Karl would still be frightened away. As long as he left, everything could be buried! 
Karl roared, “I didn’t!” 
Morris stared at him. “Karl, I believe you. Put down the gun and surrender. I guarantee that no one can hurt you! i’ll find evidence for you! But if you leave, your innocence will never be proven!”
Black Panther said warily, “Brother, we can’t trust these people. They’re too sly! Follow me. We can escape from here! Black Bear and the others are ready!” 
Hearing that Black Bear was here, Karl was even more confident to escape. 
However… 
Was he really leaving? 
Karl turned to look at Tanya, who was following behind everyone. 
If he left, he might never see Tanya in his life again. 
But if he did not leave… 
“Brother, you have to go! You don’t have any evidence to prove your innocence!” Black Panther was anxious and shouted vigilantly. The two of them hid behind the car and avoided the snipers. 
The car was in front of him. 
Once he got into the car, he could leave safely. 
However, Captain Johnson shouted, “We can’t let him go. We have to make him pay for Old Terry’s death! He killed Old Terry!” 
Karl narrowed his eyes and made up his mind. 
He reached out and held the car door. When Captain Johnson saw this, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
However, at this moment, a cold voice suddenly sounded. “Who said Old Terry is dead?”
###Chapter 577
Chapter 577 Stay or Leave? 
Nora’s words caused everyone to look at her. 
Morris’s eyes darkened and he glanced at Captain Johnson. However, there was no surprise in his eyes. He sighed silently at this old fox and looked at Nora at the same time. He asked, “Old Terry isn’t dead?” 
“His heartbeat just returned to normal.” 
Nora said, “But his head was blown up at his temple. He’s currently in a coma…” 
When Captain Johnson heard this, his deep eyes were filled with contemplation, but he pretended to be excited. “What? Old Terry really isn’t dead? That’s great! He’s in a coma. Can he recover?” 
Nora nodded. “Of course. I have a way to save him!” 
“Great!” 
Captain Johnson was so excited that his eyes were red. “Old Terry is an outstanding police officer. If he died just like that, it’d be all my fault!” 
Nora kept staring at Captain Johnson, hearing all his lies with interest. Originally, she had thought that Captain Johnson was a brainless and impulsive person. But at this moment, she suddenly realized that she had misjudged him! 
Ever since Captain Johnson had entered the picture, he had been very troublesome. He was easy to anger and his hate for her was obvious. This had made her lower her guard, thinking that Captain Johnson was really such a person.
It was only after this incident that Nora suddenly realized that this Captain Johnson was really a sly old fox! 
If he was really just a senile old man, how could Captain Johnson have killed someone and framed Karl? How could he have done everything so naturally? Having worked alongside these five years, Nora trusted Karl more. 
Although Karl did not say anything, she had already guessed the reality of the matter. 
Captain Johnson fired, and Karl snatched the pistol. There could be a ballistic analysis. However, Captain Johnson’s fingerprints were definitely not on the pistol in Karl’s hand! 
Captain Johnson was careful enough not to leave any evidence. 
And… 
Old Terry’s temple was pierced by a gun. The bullet trajectory was also calculated in advance. 
Now, Captain Johnson was so calm, and he was also certain that Old Terry would not survive. What Nora had said earlier was actually a lie… 
Nora lowered her almond-shaped eyes slightly. She did not look at Captain Johnson but at Karl. She said calmly, “Now, all the evidence points to you, but Old Terry is still alive. Whether you leave or stay is your decision.” 
Karl tightened his jaw. 
After repeatedly breaking out of prison, he could already be the number one criminal in the special department. If he stayed, it would be even harder to escape next time. 
Furthermore, the situation was not optimistic for him.
When Karl hesitated, Captain Johnson shouted angrily, “Nora, what nonsense are you talking about again?! Make him stay and bear the punishment! Even if Old Terry didn’t die, he was the one who injured him!” 
Janson clenched his fists. “He’s my father’s murderer. Even if he leaves, even if I have to chase him to the ends of the earth, I’ll catch up to him!” 
Karl looked at the people in front of him. 
Not long ago, he was also one of them. It was because he looked evil and did not look like a good person that he was chosen by Old Terry to be an undercover agent. 
After being undercover for so many years, he really wanted to go home. 
However, there was no one at home, and it was meaningless to come back. Therefore, he had established an Assassin Alliance overseas. On the surface, he took money to do things, but was it not just another way to maintain peace? 
After leaving this place, he could continue to live a happy life. 
But was he really leaving? His gaze fell on Tanya, who was following Nora and stumbling out the door. On his daughter’s bright face, her eyes were stuck on him. There was reluctance, hesitation, and confusion in them. 
Karl understood her thoughts. 
She wanted him to stay, but she was afraid that he would die if he did. She wanted him to live, but she did not know what to do. 
Karl suddenly lowered his eyes.
He turned to look at Black Panther and said, “Get in.” 
Black Panther heaved a sigh of relief and sat in the driver’s seat. 
The others immediately took a step forward. Morris said in a deep voice, “Karl, don’t make the wrong choice! We will give you justice! You have to believe in us!” 
Captain Johnson picked up the walkie-talkie and said to the sniper hiding in the dark, who was searching for the best sniping position, “Find an opportunity and kill him! Take revenge for Old Terry!” 
When Nora heard this, she glanced at Captain Johnson. 
But she said nothing. Strictly speaking, Captain Johnson wasn’t doing anything wrong. For the safety of the hostages, shooting was inevitable. 
Just as she was worried that Karl would really leave, she saw him grab Ruth and say to Black Panther in the car, “Go!” 
Black Panther was stunned and shouted, “Brother!” 
Karl did not speak. His eyes were very firm. “Go!” 
Black Panther bit his lips in anger. However, when he saw the people slowly surrounding him, he knew that if he did not leave now, he would probably be trapped if the sniper found his position. 
If his brother would not leave, then he had to leave first to find a chance to save him. 
Thinking of this, Black Panther became ruthless. He stepped on the accelerator and rushed out! 
Other police officers chased after him, but unfortunately, they could never catch a top killer like Black Panther.
Karl pushed Ruth and slowly raised his hand. 
Captain Johnson instantly picked up his gun and was about to shoot Karl when Morris suddenly held his hand and said in a deep voice, “Captain Johnson, he has already surrendered. It’s probably inappropriate for you to kill him, right?”. 
Captain Johnson took a deep breath and shouted angrily, “He killed Old Terry!” 
Janson, who was beside him, rushed forward. 
Ruth thought that Janson was here to pick her up and reached out. However, the next moment, Janson circled around Ruth and rushed to Karl, waving his fists at him! 
With a bang, Janson hit him in the face. 
Karl did not dodge. He stood there and stared at Janson. “You’re Old Terry’s son, so I’ll take this punch!” 
Just as Janson was about to hit him again, someone rushed forward and stopped him. “Alright, alright. That’s enough. We have to follow the law!” 
“Yes, we can’t beat others up in private… Let’s go see your father quickly!” 
Janson was taken away by the other colleagues. A group of people immediately rushed forward and detained Karl. They twisted his arms behind his back and restrained him. 
At this moment, Karl’s face was swollen and he did not look good. 
However, he still looked up and gave Tanya a reassuring look. 
Tanya’s eyes instantly turned red. She held Nora’s hand. “He’s innocent!”
###Chapter 578
Chapter 578 Wake Old Terry Up 
Nora patted her hand. “You should go back for now. I’ll handle the matters here.” 
Tanya knew that it was useless for her to stay. Instead, Janson and the others could use her to deal with Karl. Therefore, she nodded and left. 
Only then did Nora enter the department. She did not look at the things in the hall and turned to the interrogation room. 
Someone had already called 911. The medic rushed in and was looking at Old Terry’s eyes in the interrogation room. The medic frowned. “Well, it’s useless even if we pick him up.” “Yes, his temple was pierced. He’s probably already brain dead. There’s no way to save him.” 
The forensic doctor in the special department also sighed. “I don’t think it’s necessary, either.” 
Faced with their words, Nora lowered her eyes and said, “You don’t have to care about him. You just have to take him to the hospital. My medical team will take over the treatment for Old Terry.” 
The medic was stunned and looked at her in confusion. “You are?” 
“I’m Anti.” 
Nora showed her identification card. The few medics instantly nodded. “Okay.” 
They lifted the stretcher and placed Old Terry on it. As soon as they went out, they were stopped by someone in the hall. 
At this moment, a group of people from the special department was gathered in the hall. At a glance, there should be more than a hundred people.
At this moment, everyone was in a frenzy. Some were comforting Janson, while others stood behind Captain Johnson, opposite Morris. 
Janson clenched his fists tightly, his body was slightly trembling. “Captain Ford, my father is here while Karl is lying in the interrogation room. Are you still protecting him? Why can’t you give the judgment now?!” 
Captain Johnson also said, “Morris, why on earth are you protecting him? He’s a criminal! A murderer! Are you going to protect him just because he’s close to Nora? Now, all the evidence is here. With all the evidence, why don’t you convict him immediately?!” 
Logically speaking, convictions were a matter of the court. 
However, this department was relatively special. Because of the complexity of the cases they investigated, the special department was independent of all departments. 
Therefore, the special department was completely qualified to judge Karl. 
Janson pointed at Karl and shouted angrily, “Captain Ford, my father has been a police officer his entire life and has never done anything to let the people down! He has more than twenty wounds on his body, all of which are scars from being injured during missions. Now, They act up and hurt every time the weather gets rainy! But even so, he has never troubled the country… Why should a person like him accept such an outcome?! I want Karl Moore to be sentenced to death! He deliberately killed someone! I want to execute him with my own hands!” 
Janson was agitated. 
Even if Nora said that she could treat Old Terry, he did not have much hope. His temple was pierced, so how could he still live? Captain Johnson sighed at the side. “Janson, don’t be agitated. Morris will definitely give everyone an explanation.”
Janson wiped his tears and looked at Morris fiercely. 
Morris pursed his lips and said slowly, “We still need to investigate this matter…” 
“What else is there to investigate?!” Captain Johnson couldn’t stand it anymore. He glared at Morris angrily. “Or do you believe this murderer and want to investigate me?! I’ve been comrades with Old Terry for more than twenty years. We’re brothers. Don’t you believe me?!” 
As soon as he said this, Janson suddenly raised his head and glared at Morris. “Captain Ford, my father and Captain Johnson are good brothers. I trust Captain Johnson. Besides, the evidence is conclusive. What else is there to investigate? Are you planning to subside his trial because he has let go of the hostage and turned himself in? I don’t agree! I’ll never forgive a murderer!” 
With that, he looked around. “Brothers, help me! I only want to get justice for my father!” 
Everyone in the special department was brave. Many of their comrades had died during missions. 
Regarding Janson’s encounter, they were very concerned. From their point of view, Captain Johnson and Old Terry were brothers. Furthermore, with the evidence available, how could they still suspect Captain Johnson?! 
Therefore, everyone said: 
“Captain Ford, you have to give an explanation for this!” 
“Yes, he killed a hero. Old Terry is an existence we all respect!” 
“Captain Ford, you can’t shield the murderer!” 
At this moment, the people from the special department stood behind Janson and Captain Johnson.
Johnson narrowed his eyes. Previously, he had used many methods but the people from the special department did not stand on his side. But now, with Old Terry’s death, so many people had leaned over to his side. 
Perhaps this was because humans innately sympathized with the weak. 
Morris stared at those people, his eyes persistent and cold. However, he stood in front of Karl, opposite his colleague. 
He slowly said, “It’s not that I’m protecting the murderer, but this case can’t be closed yet. We can’t let any suspects off, but we can’t malign any innocent people either!” 
Janson’s eyes were red as he stared at him. After a moment, he sneered. “Okay, okay! I understand!” 
He wiped his tears. 
Captain Johnson seemed to be furious as well. “Morris, what the hell do you mean? If you suspect me, just arrest me! What are we after in this industry? The murderer is right behind you. You don’t care about him and want to aim the gun at your comrade?!” 
Captain Johnson was clearly stirring up everyone’s emotions. 
Everyone looked at Morris. 
Morris took a deep breath. 
Captain Johnson had orchestrated the situation very carefully. He did not leave any evidence behind. The only way to overturn the case was with Old Terry. 
Morris said, “When Old Terry wakes up, we’ll ask him before convicting Karl!”
Captain Johnson sneered. “With just one sentence from Nora, are you sure that Old Terry can wake up? Morris, his temples have exploded. How would he ever come back to life? If Old Terry doesn’t wake up, you won’t judge Karl? If he stays in a vegetative state his entire life, will Karl wait for him forever?!” 
Morris was speechless. 
Nora walked out hearing all the commotion. She narrowed her eyes and suddenly said, “Don’t wait forever. Give me three days. I’ll wake Old Terry up!”
###Chapter 579
Chapter 579 Treatment!! 
The moment Nora spoke, Janson and the others’ gazes fell on her. It reduced the pressure on Morris. 
Janson’s gaze landed on Old Terry lying on the stretcher. 
Earlier, he had seen his father’s body. His father’s heart had stopped beating. Blood and brain matter had oozed out from his temples. It was a tragic sight. 
His colleagues had pulled him away. 
At this moment, he turned around and saw that Old Terry’s chest was heaving weakly on the stretcher. It was obvious that he was nearly dead. 
Janson’s eyes turned even redder. He asked with a trembling voice, “Can you really treat him?” 
Nora nodded. 
However, Ruth, who had finished treating her wounds, held her arm and said, “Miss Smith, what the doctors said earlier clearly indicated that he can’t be saved. It’s not good for Old Terry if you forcefully keep him alive! His brain is already dead, so why are you torturing his body like this? Just to avoid punishment for Karl?” 
When Ruth said this, Janson instantly became furious. “Nora, what on earth is going on? Can’t my father’s illness be treated? Is there really no such precedent in the world?” 
Nora lowered her eyes and glanced at Ruth coldly. Then, she looked at Janson and lowered her head. “Indeed, there are no cases of brain dead patients waking up yet.”
These words made Janson’s eyes instantly become even more furious. He was like a lion, as if he wanted to rush over and bite her the next moment. 
Nora was not afraid at all. She stared at him and said, “But I have a method that might allow your father to obtain a new life. I wonder if you want to use it?” 
Janson was stunned. “What way?” 
Nora sighed silently. “What is our special department investigating?” 
Janson frowned and quickly came back to his senses. “Genetic medicine?” 
Nora nodded. 
Then, under everyone’s gaze, she said slowly, “Everyone has seen the power of gene serum. It can change the DNA and make the body stronger. As our forensic doctor, I have been researching this gene serum for a while now. I’ve cracked this gene serum!” 
With this sentence, everyone looked at her. 
Even Morris looked at her in disbelief. 
Ruth’s eyes widened. “How… how is this possible?” 
Nora said calmly, “How is it not?” 
Ruth bit her lip and did not speak. Instead, it was Captain Johnson who sneered. “Nora, I think you’re really putting the cart before the horse! The case we want to investigate is the human body experiment corresponding to the gene serum! This gene serum itself is an illegal substance. You actually want to use this thing?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “In order to save people, even if it’s poison, we have to use it, right?”
Captain Johnson snorted. “But what’s the difference between this and a human trial?!” 
The difference… 
Of course there was a difference. 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Old Terry is already dead anyway. What if the gene serum really revived him?” 
She pointed at Old Terry’s head and said, “The gene serum has the ability to revive cells, so it can extend bones and bring people back to life. In theory, as long as a person is still breathing, this serum should work!” 
Captain Johnson still wanted to say something, but Nora looked straight at Janson. “I’m telling you now, this is the only way. There might be a 50% chance of making your father wake up. So are you going to use it or not?” 
Janson said without hesitation, “Yes!” 
He did not even need to think about it. 
Captain Johnson hurriedly said, “Janson, you…” 
Before he could finish, he was stopped by Nora. “Captain Johnson, what are you thinking by stopping me from using the gene serum? Are you that afraid that Old Terry will wake up?” 
Captain Johnson choked on her words and shouted angrily, “Of course not. If Old Terry can wake up, I’ll be happier than anyone else! But you’re using his body as an experiment. This is really unacceptable! Besides, what if this gene serum has side effects?! Old Terry is already brain dead. Are you going to insult his corpse and beliefs?”
Janson hesitated. 
However, Nora seemed to have expected this. She still said casually, “Therefore, I won’t choose Old Terry as my test subject. I’ll use it on someone else first.” 
Janson subconsciously asked, “Who?” 
“My cousin, Quentin.” 
Nora said slowly, word for word, “You all know that my third brother has all his bones broken. With the current medical knowledge, it’s impossible for him to stand up again. The gene serum can definitely treat people who have broken their bones. I’ll inject the gene serum into Quentin today. After observation, if his health improves, I’ll give it to Old Terry. Is that okay?” 
Of course! 
If she was confident enough to use it on her own brother, why couldn’t it be used on Old Terry? 
Janson hurriedly nodded and decided. “Yes!” 
Nora looked at Morris again and raised her eyebrows to ask, “Captain Ford, can I?” 
She was asking if she could use the gene serum. 
Morris looked at Captain Johnson. 
Actually, it was illegal for them to use this drug 
now. 
But to save Old Terry… Morris said in a deep voice, “Yes.”
The matter was settled. 
Seeing that he could no longer interrupt, a dark light flashed across Captain Johnson’s eyes. 
The people gathered in the hall quickly dispersed. Captain Johnson entered the office with Ruth following behind him. “Captain Johnson, do you need me to help you interrogate Karl and make him confess?” “No, it’s fine.” 
Captain Johnson said, “Our best option is to stay put for now!” 
He had the absolute advantage. How could he lose? 
Besides… 
Old Terry’s temple had exploded, and his brain matter had come oozing out. He was already dead. Captain Johnson did not believe that Nora could treat Old Terry. Also, what gene serum… Heh, how could it be so effective? 
He was waiting to hear the news of Old Terry’s death and then send Karl to the guillotine. Then, he would make use of this matter to pull Morris down from his seat! 
It was really killing three birds with one stone! 
However, Ruth reminded her worriedly, “I heard that Nora took Old Terry to the hospital where her medical team is. And she will treat Quentin tonight.” 
Captain Johnson sneered. “Okay. Then we’ll wait for her treatment results tomorrow
###Chapter 580
Chapter 580 What If He is Cured?! 
In the hospital. 
Quentin lay there with a straight face. 
Lily stood beside him and was looking at his vitals on the monitors. Quentin was now completely out of danger. His physical indicators had returned to normal. Other than the shattered bones that had not healed, there was no danger. 
He lay there weakly, looking at the ceiling. 
Then, the door was pushed open. 
Nora brought Janson and another member of the special department in. 
Quentin glanced at her and said in surprise, “Sister, you changed men again?” You even changed to two men at once? 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned and did not react to his words. Beside her, Lily coughed. Quentin instantly stopped talking 
Quentin was like a stupid teenager. 
Nora ignored his words and said, “I found a way to treat you.” 
Quentin’s eyes instantly lit up as he looked at her. “I knew you could do it! Treat me quickly. I’m bored to death, and I’m still being bullied every day!”
With that, he glared at Lily. 
Nora followed his gaze and looked at Lily in confusion. She saw Lily looking to the side. Lily did not even dare to look her in the eye. 
Nora: “…” 
She did not speak and just looked at Lily silently. After a while, Lily could not help but say, “Alright, alright. I admit it. Boss, I just pinched his face!” 
“Did you just pinch my face?” 
Quentin shouted angrily. Lily: “…Oh, I touched his chest.” 
Nora and Quentin continued to watch her whine. 
Lily: “…I touched his thigh.” 
Nora still did not speak. 
Lily was anxious. “That’s all! Oh, right, and his Adam’s apple.” 
Quentin looked like he had been humiliated. 
Lily was shocked. “Why are you complaining to my boss like this? What if she fires me or lowers my salary? Don’t say anything else. I’ll be responsible!” “Okay.” 
Quentin’s expression was natural. After saying this, he looked at Nora. “What is the treatment method? What are these two men here for?” 
Nora was silent for a moment before explaining, “I’m using the gene serum I extracted to treat you now. Because we don’t know how effective it is or if there are any side effects, these two are here to record
your reactions.” 
Upon hearing this, Quentin immediately pursed his lips. “Heh, as a peerless expert, I won’t make a sound even if you scrape my bones to treat my wounds. Come on!” 
Then, he acted as if he was going to the execution ground. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
She had said that on purpose. 
Quentin loved to show off. She had deliberately told him that these two people were here to observe him. Quentin would definitely be very cooperative and not make a sound. 
Treating broken bones was very painful, but she could not use anesthesia. Quentin had to withstand it all on his own. 
Nora thought about this and nodded. Then, she said to Lily, “Let’s start.” 
Janson and the forensic doctor from another department stood by the side and observed them. 
Janson had to confirm that this medicine was really useful. Otherwise, he would not dare to let Nora use it on his father. 
Everyone in the special department knew that although the gene serum sounded good, it was actually a drug used to produce monsters. 
Looking at the fate of those who had used this drug, they were all either crazy or dead. No one was unscathed. As he was thinking, he saw Nora take out a medical box. She opened the box with a serious expression and carefully took out a glass jar. 
Then, Nora brought over a syringe and took half of the serum from the glass jar. 
The glass tube was crystal clear, and the gene serum was transparent and colorless. 
Janson swallowed. The forensic doctor from the special department beside him called Mark asked, “Is this the gene serum?” 
Nora nodded and said, “I extracted it from their blood and refined it. It can guarantee that this gene serum is good.” With that, she looked at Quentin and asked with a grave expression, “I can’t guarantee what the final outcome will be if this drug is injected. Brother, I’ll ask you one last time. Are you really not afraid?” 
Quentin lay there and looked at her with a serious expression. He suddenly asked, “What did you call me?” 
Nora lowered her almond-shaped eyes. She looked obedient, but her aura was cold and stern. She called out again, “Brother.” 
This was the first time Nora had called him brother. 
The Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts, an existence respected by everyone, actually called him brother! 
Quentin was extremely excited. He nodded and said, “Don’t hesitate. Come!” 
Nora took a deep breath. Looking at her, she seemed to be very uneasy. 
Then, she walked to Quentin and raised the needle to insert into his arm. 
A few moments later, Nora suddenly pressed on the broken joint on his arm and asked, “Does it hurt here?”
The moment she pressed it, although Quentin did not say anything, his expression instantly became ferocious. 
He should be in a lot of pain. It was so painful that cold sweat broke out on his forehead, and his veins bulged. However, he gritted his teeth and did not make a sound. 
Janson and Mark could not stand it anymore and frowned. 
Nora sighed. “Quentin, if it hurts, just shout it out…” 
Quentin gritted his teeth. The words almost came out of his throat. “It! Doesn’t! Hurt!” 
Janson and Mark: “…” 
Lily could not stand it any longer. She walked to the two of them and said, “You two, go out. Quentin has too much pride. If you’re here, he won’t shout even if it hurts. It’s not good for him to hold it in.” 
Janson and Mark nodded and the two of them left the room. 
“Ahh!” 
Almost as soon as they were out the door, a bloodcurdling scream filled the room, followed by Quentin’s cries of pain and murmurs. 
Mark could not help but say, “This is too torturous.” 
Janson nodded. 
At this moment, his phone rang. He picked it up and saw Captain Johnson’s message. “How’s the treatment?” 
Janson replied to the voice message, “I can’t see anything yet, but the side effects of that drug are really huge. Listen to this, this scream…” 
Janson moved the phone away from his ear and aimed it at the ward. 
A faint whimper came from inside. 
When Captain Johnson heard this, he sighed. “Janson, why do I feel like Nora is too unreliable? Do you really believe she can revive people?” 
Janson swallowed. For some reason, he recalled Quentin’s appearance from earlier. He suddenly said, “Perhaps? Uncle Johnson, for my father’s sake, I want her to try.” 
“…Okay, I respect your choice.” 
In the special department, Captain Johnson hung up the phone. He walked back and forth in the office, looking out the door from time to time. 
He looked deep in thought. 
He had originally refused to believe that the gene serum could create a medical miracle. But why did she suddenly feel a little reliable now… 
What if? What if Nora really cured Old Terry’s illness? What should he do?!
###Chapter 581
Chapter 581 Justin’s Brilliant Power 
Captain Johnson’s original certainty suddenly turned to uncertainty, making him a little vexed. 
He told himself not to be nervous as he walked around the room. 
His rationality told him that no one could revive a person from the dead. Old Terry was already brain dead. Even if he had been injected with a gene serum, it was impossible for him to survive. 
On the other hand, he had seen too much in the special department and knew how strong those people had become after being injected with the gene serum. 
Once, their team had arrested a woman. After she was injected with a gene serum, she became extremely strong. He had seen with his own eyes that the woman had picked up a 150-kilogram easily and thrown it into the distance… 
The more he learned about it, the more he respected that gene serum. 
Captain Johnson suddenly took a deep breath and sat in his chair. At the door, Ruth knocked. 
Captain Johnson said, “Come in.” After Ruth entered and saw him, she asked, “Captain Johnson, you don’t look too good. What’s wrong? Is there anything I can help you with?” 
Ruth’s arm was still wrapped in a bandage. 
Captain Johnson’s gaze swept across the wound before he sighed. “I’m just thinking about Nora’s gene serum. Can it really save people?” When Ruth heard this, she narrowed her eyes. 
After a while, she said, “Captain Johnson, you might not know, but gene serum is really too popular in the underworld. This serum can improve human genes and make humans perfect. However, the amount
of gene serum produced by that mysterious organization is too little. Normal people can’t even get in line.” 
With that, she pretended to hit her mouth. “Look at my mouth. What I mean is, you have to keep Miss Smith’s gene serum a secret. Otherwise, who knows how many people would come fighting over it!” 
Her words made Captain Johnson narrow his eyes. 
After saying a few more perfunctory words to Ruth, Captain Johnson asked her to leave. 
However, after Ruth left, he immediately took out his phone and logged into a foreign forum. There, he posted: “Genetic drugs can be used as life-saving medicine, they can even revive people!” 
At the bottom of this thread, it explained in detail that Nora had extracted the gene serum from the prisoner and decided to use it on her already disabled relative. 
The drug would also be administered to a severely injured colleague. But it would have to wait three days. 
Immediately after the post went online, many anonymous people immediately asked if this was true. One person even asked Johnson personally. 
Austin: “Is the news reliable?” 
When Captain Johnson saw who it was, he was instantly excited. 
Austin was the most powerful underground boss in the UK. He dominated the UK and was not afraid of anyone! 
Since he had taken a liking to the gene serum, he would definitely spend a high price to snatch it! With him around, even the Assassin Alliance might not be able to withstand!
Captain Johnson replied: “I guarantee it’s true! They’re doing experiments in the hospital as we speak!” 
He was afraid that Old Terry would wake up, but he could not let anything happen at this time. Since he could not do it himself, why not use someone else to kill him? 
There were countless organizations in the world. He would let those people become enemies with Nora as he sat still and reaped the benefits! 
Captain Johnson felt that his plan was absolutely perfect. 
Austin replied casually: “I want this gene serum.” 
He was openly declaring his sovereignty under the post, also warning those small organizations not to try if they did not have the ability! 
When Captain Johnson saw this, he instantly heaved a sigh of relief. 
Since Austin had said so, their organization would definitely send someone. 
This time, Nora’s matter was over! 
However, he did not know that his actions were being monitored by someone who had witnessed the entire conversation. 
The black-and-white office was filled with low-key luxury. 
Justin sat behind the desk, his dark and long eyes staring at the thread. Then, he slowly lowered his head and his long fingers casually tapped on the sofa.
Lawrence, who was standing beside him, was indignant. “Mr. Hunt, this Austin is not to be trifled with. Although their organization is as famous as the Assassin Alliance, Austin never keeps his word. He’s much more terrifying than Karl Moore! Miss Smith is in big trouble now!” 
However, Sean said, “Do you want to help? Mr. Hunt, now is the perfect time for you to be a hero and save the beauty!” 
Lawrence rolled his eyes at Sean and said nervously, “You talk too much. I’m the one handling Mr. Hunt’s romantic matters. Do you have any experience?” 
Sean: “No, what do you think we should do?” 
Lawrence smiled. “We have to save the damsel in distress, of course!” 
Sean: “…How is this different from what I said earlier?” 
Lawrence said, “Of course there’s a difference! The hero saving the damsel in distress has to wait until Austin comes to New York. When Miss Smith is in danger, the hero will save the damsel in distress in our own territory! This would make Miss Smith rely on Boss…” 
Before he could finish speaking, he saw that Justin had already opened a drawer and taken out an encrypted phone to prevent tracking. He called Austin. 
At the same time, in the Smiths, Ian was contacting Austin. 
The call had just been connected when Ian said, “Austin, Nora is my daughter. You have to give up on the gene serum this time.” 
Austin sneered and replied, “Stop me if you 
can.”
Ian narrowed her eyes. “I know you’re very strong, but this is New York. The Smiths have not been living in retirement all these years!” 
Austin’s tone was still light. “I know that your family has power and influence in New York. The Smiths can scare others, but you’re not qualified to scare me, my dear!” 
Ian was extremely angry. “Are you really not afraid of the Smiths?” 
Austin smiled. “I’m really am not.” 
After a moment of silence, Ian said again, “Aren’t you afraid of the Hunts?” 
Austin still smiled gently. “Are the Hunts any different from the Smiths?” 
When Ian heard this, his deep eyes narrowed. He had always suspected that Justin was somehow behind the underworld forces in the UK… That was why he had deliberately mentioned the Hunts in front of Austin. But Austin’s tone seemed unaffected even after the mention of the Hunts. Either his guess was wrong, or Austin did not know who the real boss was! 
Could it be that Ian was overthinking? Justin actually did not have that much power overseas? 
As he was thinking, Austin’s phone suddenly received another call on the second line. Austin said, “Smith, if that’s all, I’m hanging up. See you in New York-“ 
With that, he hung up. 
Austin pursed his lips. 
The two families only lorded over New York, but what were they overseas? 
With that in mind, he looked at his phone. The called ID was blank.
###Chapter 582
Chapter 582 Is Austin Coming?! 
Austin narrowed his eyes. His phone was also protected. Logically speaking, unknown numbers should not be able to reach his phone. But now, his phone was ringing. Austin was silent for a moment before picking up his phone and answering the call. A pure British accent came from the other end of the line. “You’re too bold, Austin.” 
That voice… 
Austin stood up in shock. He swallowed and asked tentatively, “Mr. King?” 
The voice on the other end was low as if it came straight from hell. It made Austin feel like someone had poured a bucket of ice water on his head in the middle of summer. “It’s 
me.” 
Austin hurriedly said, “Mr. King, I don’t know what I’ve done to make you call me personally?” 
His mind was racing, he was afraid that he would anger him if he was any slower. “Is it that gene serum? Do you want it too?” The other party: “…Scram.” 
Austin: “Okay, I understand. I’ll immediately cancel all the flights to New York… I guarantee I won’t appear in New York anytime soon!” 
“Beep, beep, beep…” 
The call ended. 
It was only then that Austin realized that his entire body was drenched in a cold sweat as if he had just been scooped out of water. He looked ahead in surprise and muttered to himself in confusion, “Mr. King
is also after the gene serum? If he wanted the gene serum, he only to say the word and the other party would have obediently given it to him, right? Besides, why would Mr. King need such a thing?” 
Austin was very puzzled, but he did not dare to ask anything else. 
One of his subordinates asked, “Are we still leaving?” 
Austin kicked him. “For what? Do you want to die?” 
In the country. 
After Ian hung up the phone, he thought for a while and finally called Joel. He asked him to send all the people from the Smiths’ dark forces to protect Nora at the hospital. 
After speaking to Joel, Ian was silent for a while but remained worried. 
Austin was too terrifying. He was the worst at keeping his promises. Furthermore, he was ruthless. Ian was afraid that the Smiths would not be able to withstand his attacks. 
At this critical moment, Ian put down his prejudice against Justin and called him. 
Justin picked up quickly. “Mr. Smith, what’s the matter?” 
Ian coughed. “You must have seen the post on the foreign forum by now, right? Austin is coming to snatch Nora’s medicine. Although I don’t know what it is, Austin is a little difficult to deal with. I’m worried about Nora’s safety. The Smiths’ men are already on their way to the hospital…” 
He suddenly could not say anything about asking the Hunts to send someone out. 
He was pleading, after all.
However, before he could think of a way to say it, he heard Justin say, “I have 81 bodyguards here. I’ll personally guard outside the hospital. Is that okay?” 
Hearing this, for the first time, Ian felt that this son-in-law seemed pretty good. 
He coughed again. “Yes. I’ll be more at ease if you guard it personally.” 
Justin said politely, “I’m still young, after all. There are some things I couldn’t do well, so I still need your guidance. This time, you’ll be the commander, and I’ll listen to your orders. How about that?” 
He was showing weakness. 
It also made Ian lower his guard against him for the first time. 
In the end, Justin was only a man who had just fallen in love. He shouldn’t be that dangerous, right? 
Ian said, “Okay, sure. Then listen to the arrangements.” 
“No problem.” 
Justin hung up the phone. Lawrence shouted from the side, “Boss, how can you not let Miss Smith know that you’re the one actually saving her?” 
Sean also looked at Justin. 
Justin touched his nose. The mole under his eye flickered, and a sly look appeared in his eyes. “If I’d done something Ian couldn’t, do you think he’d still be at ease handing Nora to me?” 
Justin had suddenly understood Ian’s thoughts.
Thinking about it, if he were to find a husband for Cherry in the future, he definitely would not want her husband to be too powerful. He only hoped that Cherry would be happy and healthy and could find a reliable person to take care of her for the rest of her life. 
The more capable a man was, the grander his ambitions. Such a man would be all the more difficult to control. 
If Cherry’s husband was stronger than him, how could he help Cherry take revenge if he bullied her in the future? 
Therefore, the best way was to prevent Cherry’s boyfriend from having the ability to overpower him! 
Therefore, not only could he not follow Lawrence’s instructions and show off his abilities, but he also had to keep a low profile and make Ian put down his guard against him. 
Justin stood up and walked out. 
Lawrence asked, “Boss, where are you going?” Justin turned around. “The hospital, of course. Didn’t I promise Ian that I would guard Nora?” 
Lawrence was confused. 
Austin did not dare to come! 
However, before he could finish speaking, Justin had already strode out the door. 
— 
Austin was coming.
This news made Captain Johnson excited and he was constantly paying attention to the movements outside. 
The next morning, there was still no news from the hospital. 
Captain Johnson comforted himself. It would take 12 hours for Austin to fly from the UK to New York. He must not be here yet! At noon the next day, there was still no news of him at the hospital. Everything was unbelievably stable. 
Captain Johnson could only continue to comfort himself. Austin had arrived in New York, and he definitely needed to rest. He could not do anything without the proper preparation. 
However, by the morning of the third day, Austin still hadn’t shown up! 
Captain Johnson could not sit still. 
He walked around the room. He, who had not slept the entire night, had serious dark circles under his eyes. He even went online and sent a message to Austin: “You didn’t come?” 
Austin replied: “Are you looking for death? Scram!” 
Johnson: “” 
He looked at Austin’s reply on the screen in a daze. Was Austin really not here? 
He said he would come, and then posted a comment that frightened others so much that they did not dare to jump in. But in the end, Austin still did not come? Why?! 
Captain Johnson abruptly stood up. 
He wanted to rush to the hospital, but his last remaining rationality calmed him down. Don’t be anxious, don’t be anxious…
What if that gene serum was useless? He definitely could not fall into Nora’s trap! 
At this moment, Janson called. His voice was a little dull. “Captain Johnson!’ 
He was choking on his tears as he spoke. Captain Johnson heaved a sigh of relief and hurriedly said, “Did the experiment fail? Nora’s brother didn’t stand up, right? Like I said, using the gene serum to treat illnesses is impossible! But Janson, don’t be too depressed. Life and death are determined…” 
At this point, Janson interrupted him. “No, Captain Johnson, that’s not what I meant. I called you to tell you… It worked! Quentin has stood up!”
###Chapter 583
Chapter 583 Quentin stood up! 
Captain Johnson’s pupils constricted as he looked ahead in a daze. “What did you say? He stood up?” 
“Yes!” Janson could not hide the excitement in his voice. “You know Quentin’s previous situation. All his bones were broken, but three days after he was injected with the gene serum, he stood up!” 
Captain Johnson swallowed. 
He really stood up. 
If the gene serum could revive broken bones, then could it also revive damaged brain cells? Therefore, Old Terry had a cure? 
Captain Johnson’s mind exploded. 
If Old Terry woke up, everything he had done would be exposed. 
No—this was all part of their scheme. Quentin could not have stood up. 
“Uncle Johnson, this is really a medical miracle that I’ve seen. It’s simply too awesome. I didn’t expect the effect to be so good. Three days… only three days! Quentin stood up. If my father is injected with the drug, can he wake up? Uncle Johnson, Uncle Johnson? Are you listening?” 
“I’m listening.” Captain Johnson came back to his senses. “I’ll come to the hospital immediately.” “Okay.” 
After hanging up, Captain Johnson got up, put on his jacket, and drove straight to the hospital. 
“Screech!”
Captain Johnson’s car stopped outside the door. He got out of the car and ran to the VIP ward. At a distance, Justin sat in the front passenger seat of a car. After watching Captain Johnson enter, he turned around and looked at the back seat. 
Nora was lying there to catch up on her sleep. She had a cap covering her face. She was hugging her arms, and her long legs were slightly bent in the cramped seat. 
The moment he turned back, Nora’s cold and hoarse voice was heard. “He’s here?” 
“He just went in.” 
Justin said calmly, “Go to sleep. I’ll keep an eye on him.” 
“Okay,” Nora replied lazily. It seemed like she didn’t even have the strength to speak. 
No one knew that she had not slept at all for the past three days. 
To outsiders, Quentin had only taken an injection of gene serum and recovered slowly. However, no one knew how much she had done in private… 
Nora was usually not very energetic and only relied on sleeping to replenish her energy. At the time, she had been awake for three consecutive days. She walked out of the hospital with dark circles under her eyes. When she saw Justin’s car, she climbed inside without a word and fell down. 
Justin did not dare to move, afraid that if he did, he would make a rubbing sound that would disturb her. When he saw the woman’s exhausted expression, his heart ached. 
Usually, this woman even felt that her dates delayed her sleep, let alone three days of sleepless nights? 
He was really worried that Nora would sleep for 72 hours like last time!
However, she seemed to know that she had unfinished business. Therefore, even though she was lying there, she was still paying attention to the outside? 
As Justin thought this, he saw Nora suddenly remove her hat and rub her slightly greasy hair. She said in a slightly frustrated tone, “Forget it, I can’t sleep.” 
With that, she opened the car door, put on her cap, and walked to the hospital. 
Her legs seemed to have lost strength as she walked, and her dragging footsteps became more and more intense. Furthermore, her face was cold, and her entire body was filled with an aura that stopped others from coming close. 
Justin got out of the car and was about to follow when he suddenly heard Cherry’s familiar voice. “Mommy ~”‘ Justin subconsciously turned his head and saw Cherry getting out of Sean’s car and running over. 
Nora also stopped in her tracks. 
“Mommy, I miss you so much! I haven’t seen you in days. I miss you so much!” Cherry ran over to Nora and reached out with her small little hand. Just as she was about to speak, Nora turned her face and looked at her. 
The rest of Cherry’s words were stuck in her throat. Her small body trembled forcefully. Then, her hand moved in a different direction, and her words became, “Daddy, hug-“ 
Justin: “…” 
He lowered his head and carried her up. He saw Nora glaring at him and walking forward.
Cherry stayed obediently in Justin’s arms until Nora was far away. Then, she leaned into Justin’s ear and asked softly, “How long has Mommy been awake?” 
“72 hours.” 
Justin replied. 
“Tsk…” Cherry gasped. “It’s over. According to my understanding of Mommy, she’s at the nuclear stage!” 
Justin: “!” 
Cherry struggled to get down. 
Justin put her down. Perhaps it was their actions that made Nora turn her head around again. 
Cherry immediately said seriously, “Mommy, I suddenly remembered I haven’t finished my homework. I’ll go back with Uncle Sean now.” 
Nora’s face was expressionless. Her almond-shaped eyes looked at her. After a full three seconds, she finally nodded. 
Cherry immediately felt like she had been pardoned. She said to Justin, “Daddy, good luck.” Then, she ran over to Sean happily. 
Justin: “…” 
This little smartass saw Nora’s cranky mood and quickly slipped away! Justin shook his head and followed beside Nora. Then, he reached out and hugged her waist. 
When his hand touched her, he could clearly feel her body stiffen. A violent aura lingered around her as if a storm was about to descend.
Nora was really going crazy. Other women had strange personalities during their periods and would explode easily at the slightest annoyance, but she did not. She usually did not care about others. It was only when she could not sleep enough that the slightest displeasure could drive her crazy. 
At this moment, no one dared to approach her. 
When this man’s hand was placed on her waist, Nora felt that a wave of evil fire seemed to have found a way to vent out. However, when she turned her head, the man’s refreshing aura came over. It actually made her feel like a volcano had touched a stream of icy water. All her frustration was suppressed by the silent and refreshing aura. 
Nora pursed her lips and sniffed hard. 
The man reached out and took off her cap. He stroked her hair as if he was stroking fur. Nora was like a wild cat about to explode. Her temper was slowly soothed. 
Perhaps it was because she had just taken a nap in the car? 
Nora suddenly felt like she was not that tired anymore. 
She then strode toward the VIP ward. 
Outside the ward. 
Captain Johnson still did not believe that Quentin could stand up. Janson might have been deceived by Nora. He had to see it with his own eyes. 
He and Janson arrived outside Quentin’s ward and looked in through the glass window. He saw Quentin holding the table beside him with difficulty and moving his feet bit by bit…
###Chapter 584
Chapter 584 Johnson Gives Himself Away! 
Although every step he took was terribly shaky and fraught with great difficulty, he had indeed managed to stand! 
Countless fine beads of perspiration formed on his forehead. 
Lily was helping him up at the side. “You have only just recovered, you mustn’t overdo it. Go back and lie down after another two steps!” 
“Heh, only weak people wouldn’t be able to get up and walk around immediately after they recover. Don’t forget that I was the third-best fighter in the martial arts scene in New York before I got hurt!” 
Quentin was clearly so tired that even his voice had become weak, but the things he said were still as stubborn and competitive as before. 
Lily’s lip corners spasmed. “Fine, you’re the third-best fighter in the world, okay? Even so, you still have to rest more!” 
“… I’ll walk another round.” 
Quentin, who refused to listen, continued to move about. Then, he said, “You don’t know how tired of lying in bed I’ve been all this time!” 
He looked at Lily, grinned, and said, “Don’t be fooled by how trusting I was of Nora before this. To be honest, I wasn’t confident of it myself, either. I had also been worried at that time and wondered what I should do if I really can’t stand again?” 
This was a rare occasion where Lily was actually hearing him confessing his true thoughts, so she didn’t diss him. 
But unexpectedly, Quentin then said, “If that happened, the martial arts scene would have suffered too great a loss!” 
Lily: “” 
Quentin didn’t notice Lily’s surprise at all. He was still going on by himself. “Now that I’ve recovered, I have to make full use of the time I have to rehabilitate. There are so many people waiting for me! I also have to continue with my martial arts practice. One day, I will defeat N… I mean, Big Sister!” 
He had almost blurted out the fact that Nora was Big Sister again. 
Lily: “…” 
Lily was filled with a sense of resignation. She walked up to Quentin, sighed heavily, and said, “I’ve treated so many patients with Anti, but I really haven’t met anyone like you my whole life!” 
Quentin looked at her. Even though he was as pale as a sheet, and the fine beads on his forehead had condensed into drops of sweat trickling down his cheeks, his eyes nevertheless still lit up. “Someone as handsome and talented as I am?” 
“… No, someone as groundlessly confident as you are!” 
While the two were bickering, Quentin had completed another round. 
Outside the door, Johnson and Janson looked at each other. 
Johnson asked in astonishment, “Was he really paralyzed just a few days ago?”
“Yes, he was.” Janson whispered, “I held and pressed his joints before the operation. They were all soft and broken… Although they haven’t fully healed yet, they are on the way to recovery.” 
Janson’s eyes flushed with excitement. “Dr. Smith has already told me that it really is possible for my father to regain consciousness!” 
Johnson took a deep breath. 
He suddenly said, “Janson, have you really thought this through? Are you really going to let your father use the gene serum? It’s only been three days! What can you really see in just three days? What if there are aftereffects? Also, is the use of the gene serum really legal? Have you ever considered all this?” 
Upon hearing what he said, Janson took a deep breath and said solemnly, “Uncle Johnson, I know you are someone who takes rules and regulations very seriously, but this time, I would like to fight for my father’s sake.” 
He clenched his jaw and said, “When my father was first gone, I felt like I was dreaming. It was very unreal and all I wanted was to avenge him. But during the last three days, I’ve thought about it countless times. If there is any way I can help Dad regain consciousness, I will try it without a second thought! Because he did not leave us even a word before he died. If I can get him to wake up for a short while, even if it’s just for him to bid farewell to us, my mother won’t be so sad anymore, right? “Uncle Johnson, you will support me, right?” 
Johnson’s eyes flickered and he said, “Why wouldn’t I? Even I didn’t get to properly bid farewell to Terry, let alone you! Everything had happened so quickly that day!” 
He sighed bitterly and said, “I was too worked up afterward as well, and insisted on avenging him. If Morris hadn’t stopped me, I might have killed Karl on the spot!” Speaking of Karl, Janson became
agitated. “Is Captain Ford still defending him?” 
Janson had been watching over Terry in the hospital the last three days, so he hadn’t had time to confront Karl yet. “Sigh!” Johnson pretended to sigh. Then, he said, “You’re on good terms with Mark, right? I heard that he went to the interrogation room to punch Karl and take revenge for you. But Captain Ford detained him before even before he could hit him! He even told him to reflect on his actions and write a report!” 
“What?” 
Janson clenched his fists in anger. “Just what exactly has Karl done to brainwash Captain Ford that he would defend him so much?!” 
Johnson nodded. “Exactly! Captain Ford has been refusing to put Karl on trial. I really don’t know what he’s thinking. Poor Mark, though, he’s still locked up right now.” 
Janson became furious and indignant. “Captain Ford has really become muddleheaded! He has never done this before. He is really disappointing me this time!” 
After making use of the opportunity to paint a bad picture of Morris, Johnson said, “It’d be for the best if Terry can wake up. Otherwise, we won’t be able to cement Karl’s charges. Captain Ford will probably use the excuse of insufficient evidence to release him!” 
Janson clenched his fists tightly. 
At this time, the sound of footsteps traveled over from a distance away. The two looked over to see Morris and Nora walking over. 
Nora was accompanied by a big and tall man. Although he fell behind by a few steps, it was impossible for anyone to ignore him. It was none other than Justin.
Morris asked, “Janson, how is your father doing?” 
Janson sneered, “Do you even care how my father is doing, Captain Ford? Shouldn’t you be more concerned about Karl’s safety instead? Why aren’t you staying by his side in the special department anymore?” 
Upon hearing what he said, Morris kept quiet. 
Nora, however, narrowed her eyes. Her gaze swept across Johnson and Janson impatiently and she asked, “So, do you want to treat your father’s illness now?”. 
Janson nodded at once. “Yes!” 
Although he didn’t like Nora either-after all, Nora and Karl were on very close terms-she was the only one who could treat his father now. 
With the box in her hand, Nora walked past Janson and entered the ward where Terry was. 
Everyone went into the room one by one. 
Johnson, who was at the end of the line, looked into the distance from time to time. 
Justin raised his eyebrows and asked, “Waiting for someone, Captain Johnson?”. 
His one-liner made everyone look over. 
Johnson immediately replied, “No, I’m not.” 
In spite of that, he became a little anxious. Why weren’t the people from the inspection unit here yet?!
His brows drew together and he followed the others into the ward. Then, he saw Nora open the metal box. Right at this moment! The sound of footsteps suddenly traveled over from afar. 
About seven to eight people rushed into the ward. The person leading the team said, “Morris Ford! We have received news that someone is conducting human experiments in the hospital! Such actions are absolutely prohibited! I demand that all of you stop what you are doing at once!”
###Chapter 585
Chapter 585 Cranky Nora Slaps Them In The Face! 
The gene serum was the purpose of the special department’s existence itself! 
Yet not only had the special department not been able to catch the culprits behind the gene serum, but they were instead conducting human experiments of their own? 
This must never be allowed! 
The purpose of the inspection unit’s existence was to keep Morris under strict control. 
Morris frowned when he heard him. 
Janson spoke up at once. “We are not conducting human experiments with the serum. We are trying to save a life!” The people from the inspection unit replied, “No, you can’t do that! This needs further investigation! Someone has given us a signed tip-off saying that you people are conducting human experiments here in an attempt to turn the gene serum into medicine. You must stop such behavior at once!” 
Janson was dumbfounded. “A signed tip-off?” 
Justin immediately looked at Johnson. He was expressionless, but in his eyes was a look of clear understanding as though he had seen through everything. He said, “Captain Johnson has been waiting for someone the whole time. Might they be who he was waiting for? How did you know that they would come, Captain Johnson?” 
His words made Janson look at Johnson incredulously. “Uncle Johnson?” 
Johnson had originally wanted to refuse, but if he had given the tip-off anonymously, the people from the inspection unit wouldn’t be able to come so quickly. He had no other choice, so his name had gone onto the records. 
As such, he could only admit to it. He sighed and said, “I am doing this for your own good, Janson! Do you know what you are doing? Do you know how fearsome the gene serum is? How many people have died because of it? How many victims of human experiments have died because of it? It’s a poison itself! You mustn’t use it!” 
Janson panicked. “Uncle Johnson, you saw it yourself! Quentin Smith managed to get back onto his feet! There’s hope for my father now!” 
Johnson shook his head and sighed. “It’s useless. Even if it really works, you can only use it after it has gone through the inspection unit’s checks. You can’t use it on someone without going through the proper channels!” He adopted a righteous attitude and said, “Have you forgotten how much your father abhorred the gene serum? If he was conscious, do you think he would agree to you using it?” 
Then, he looked at Morris and said, “And you, too. As the leader of the special department, how can you allow your subordinates to mess around? This has to be strictly rejected!” 
A cold Morris suddenly sneered, “Captain Johnson, is it really because of these pretentious reasons that you’re so opposed to this? Or is it because you’re scared?! Scared that Terry will regain consciousness?” Johnson choked on his breath. 
Janson turned to him abruptly. 
Johnson immediately said, “Janson, you must trust me!” 
Janson, however, kept quiet. At this point, the people from the inspection unit walked up to Morris and said, “We need to understand what is going on right now. Please cooperate with us! Captain Ford, are
you aware that Nora Smith is intending to use the gene serum to treat Terry?” 
Morris looked at Nora. 
Nora raised her brows. Although she rarely socialized with others, she knew that Morris would probably be held accountable for the incident if he responded affirmatively. 
Thus, before Morris could speak, she said, “This has nothing to do with him. I’m the one who wanted to use the gene serum to treat the patient and save his life.” 
The person from the inspection unit looked at her at once. He frowned and said, “Ms. Smith, in that case, are you aware that your actions could have severe repercussions? Your serum does not have sufficient experimental data to support its use. By rashly using it on a human, you are undoubtedly ignoring several medical principles!” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Before she could say anything, Janson’s eyes suddenly reddened. “It’s not her fault, I asked her to do it! I want to save my father!” The person from the inspection unit shook his head. “You are also at fault, but the main responsibility is not yours. We will definitely pursue this to the very end!” 
Nora had already unsealed the bottle of gene serum in her hand. She was still holding the syringe as well. 
Janson stared at Terry on the bed. During the last few days, Terry’s vitals had been weakening further and further. Should the inspection unit’s investigations take a few days to complete, by the time they are done investigating everything, Terry would probably die, regardless of whether or not they granted them permission to use the gene serum. Three days… According to what Nora had said, that was the longest Terry could survive for!
Janson felt a lump of frustration stuck in his throat, unable to go up or down. 
He had indeed made a mistake, but he just wanted to save his father. Even Quentin’s condition was improving, so why couldn’t he inject his father with the gene serum?! 
The person from the inspection unit said sternly, “Quentin Smith’s condition is improving at the moment, but whether or not he really will recover, as well as what kind of aftereffects he may suffer are unknown. The gene serum has not even been tested on animals before. Therefore, according to the regulations, it is prohibited to inject humans with it! Besides, the gene serum is a strictly controlled substance. Everything involving the drug is against the law! Despite that, you’re still knowingly breaking the law, which makes what you’re doing even more of a muddleheaded move! All of you are to cooperate with us and follow us back to the station for the investigation now!” 
Janson was close to tearing up. “No, I can’t…” 
He turned to Morris. “Captain Ford, what should I do? What should I do now?” 
The medicine that could save his father was clearly within sight, so why couldn’t they use 
Just as he was in tears and Morris was also at a loss, he suddenly heard an impatient and disgusted voice. 
“Why are you crying? Can you even call yourself a man?” 
Janson choked on his sobs. 
His head whipped towards the back abruptly to see Nora still calmly standing where she was. Her arm was outstretched, and she had already inserted the needle into the bottle of gene serum. Then, she drew the remaining half of the bottle’s contents into the syringe. 
Seeing what she was doing, Johnson panicked at once. He shouted, “Nora Smith, what are you doing?”
Nora stared at the syringe in her hand. She pushed the syringe plunger with her fair fingers and cleanly expelled all the air inside. Then, her cat-like eyes turned to Janson and Morris frostily and she said only three words: “Hold them back.” 
Then, she strode towards the bed. 
Janson and Morris were dumbfounded. 
It was only when the people from the inspection unit reacted, yelled for Nora to stop what she was doing, and were about to rush over to snatch the syringe from her that Janson and Morris finally recovered from their daze. 
The two hurriedly stopped in front of Nora and blocked her from them. “I’m not letting you over!” 
Chaos broke out in the ward at once. 
The sound of people pushing one another, loud arguing, and angry yells rang out one after another as though they were about to blow the roof off. 
Amidst the fierce dispute, Nora took step after step towards Terry and walked up to him. Then, she lowered her head and plunged the needle into the blood vessel in Terry’s arm. 
She looked behind her at Johnson and the people from the inspection unit, whom Janson and Morris were keeping outside the door. Then, she exchanged a look with Justin, who was standing leisurely in front of her. After that, she slowly pushed the end of the syringe and injected the gene serum into Terry. 
The inspection unit had more people on their side, after all, so they ultimately managed to break through Janson and Morris’ defenses and rushed into the ward.
However, what entered their sight was instead Nora slowly pulling out the needle and pressing an alcohol-soaked cotton ball against the skin. 
After crankily finishing all she had to do, she finally tossed the disposable syringe into the trash can. Then, she looked at the people from the inspection unit and Johnson. “Were you asking me to cooperate with you just now? Okay, I will fully cooperate with the investigation now.”
###Chapter 586
Chapter 586 It’s Being Repaired!! 
“You people! All of you are too arrogant!” Never would Johnson have ever expected that Nora would solve the problem in such a simple and crude manner in front of the members of the inspection unit. 
Was she not at all concerned about getting in trouble? 
She was too much! 
Johnson looked straight at the people from the inspection unit and pointed at Morris and Nora. “Did you guys see that? That is exactly how Captain Ford operates! Everything he does is utterly non-compliant with the rules and regulations! Also, they have stolen what they are supposed to be guarding! How can they extract the gene serum from patients?! What makes them any different from the members of the mysterious organization?!” An indignant Johnson criticized them accusingly. 
The people from the inspection unit looked at the bed and asked, “What do we do? Is it possible to still extract the serum that has been injected into him?” 
Next to him, the lip corners of the doctor who had come along with them spasmed. “Of course not,” he replied. 
After the man spoke, he craned his neck and glanced at the bed. Then, he said, “Terry’s condition is simply too serious, though. It is near-impossible for anyone to take a bullet through the temples and survive. 
“Never mind, let’s just take them back with us for now and take our time to investigate!” 
There was nothing the people from the inspection unit could do, either. They could only look at Morris, Nora, and Janson and say, “The three of you, please follow us back to the station to assist in the investigation!”
Janson looked at his father. He wanted to say something, but Morris suddenly said, “Terry is here on his last breath. Let Janson stay, I will come with you instead.” 
Terry had gotten injured while on duty, so everyone in the department felt a lot of heartache for him. Upon hearing what he said, after a moment’s consideration, the group of them said to Janson, “You can stay in the hospital and observe your father’s condition for now. However, you are not allowed to leave the hospital, and you must also make sure that you are available whenever we summon you!” 
Gratitude welled up in Janson in this instant. 
He looked at Morris and thought of how Johnson had called him unkind just now just because he had detained Mark, who had tried to punish Karl for his sake… 
But as it turned out, deep down, Captain Ford understood everything better than anyone else. 
Janson’s resentment towards Morris for defending Karl all this time disappeared. 
With his eyes red, he nodded. “Okay! Thank you, Captain Ford!” 
Morris patted him on the shoulder quietly. Then, he looked at Nora. Just as he was about to speak, Nora yawned and said, “I will cooperate with the investigation.” 
Morris breathed a sigh of relief. 
He was really afraid that the woman would leave the hospital in a moment of pique and end up getting into a conflict with the people from the inspection unit. 
After all, she tended to employ unorthodox methods and was often defiant of authority. 
While he was thinking about it, he heard Justin next to him suddenly say, “Excuse me, but where will you be taking them to? How long will the investigation be? Also, can they bring their own bedding?”
Upon hearing this, Morris’ heart lifted slightly and he felt some inexplicable joy. A moment later, sure enough, he heard the people from the inspection unit hesitate for a moment before they replied, “Yes, they can.” 
“Alright, I will make some preparations, then.” 
Thus, half an hour later, when Morris and Nora got out of the inspection unit’s car together, they immediately saw a group of attendants standing in front of the entrance to the special department. 
Two of the attendants were carrying a 6 feet mattress. Some were carrying pillows and some were carrying quilts. All of them were standing there respectfully. 
Justin did not take the same car as them, but he was also standing there calmly. When he saw them, he waved at the person who had led the inspection unit during the operation and said, “Hi~” 
Everyone: “…” 
Morris stared at Justin, and then glanced at Nora who couldn’t stop yawning. It seemed like she couldn’t even keep her eyes open anymore. All of a sudden, he felt really good. How frustrated he had felt when those two treated him this way the last time was how happy he currently was. 
Because they had said that they could bring their own beddings-after all, Nora and Morris’ actions were still under investigation, and both of them were talents from the special department—they couldn’t request that they take the beddings back now, either. They could only watch helplessly as Justin entered the department with all the bedding. 
He chose the most spacious interrogation room there, after all, if the room was too small, the big mattress wouldn’t fit.
Then, they speedily transformed the interrogation room into a hotel room in just two minutes. 
Nora entered and took off her shoes. Although she also felt that Justin’s actions were a little exaggerated, she nevertheless obediently sat on the bed. 
After that, someone from the inspection unit entered and said, “Ms. Nora Smith, please cooperate with us in the investigation. May I know if,” 
“Can I close my eyes and rest for a while?” 
Nora suddenly spoke and interrupted the other party. “… Yes, sure.” 
He assumed that she would just be napping for half an hour when she asked to “rest for a while”, but unexpectedly… When he exited the room, he immediately saw Justin standing outside. He closed the door obediently and instructed, “She hasn’t slept for three days. You can ask her your questions after she wakes 
up.” 
Although he didn’t know how Justin had entered the inspection unit’s premises-after all, strangers were not allowed entry-the man in charge of interrogating Nora nevertheless replied, “… Alright, I guess!” 
They were all colleagues. He mustn’t go too far! 
And then… 
He learned the meaning of the words “Queen of Sleep”. 
Five hours later, he came over and found that Justin had moved a chair over to the door. The man, who was sitting outside the door, shushed him.
Surprised, the interrogator asked, “She’s still asleep?” “Yes.” 
Justin sighed. “After all, my Nora forgets to even eat and sleep once she starts working. She doesn’t know what rest is at all. Sigh!” 
The corners of his lips spasmed. “Alright.” 
When he turned to leave, Justin suddenly said, “Um…” 
When he turned back, Justin said, “Can you tell the people in the interrogation room next door to keep it down a little? The interrogation rooms here are not as soundproof as I’d thought!” 
While Nora was dead to the world, the situation in the hospital was also changing. 
With Morris temporarily taken away, Johnson became the provisional leader of the special department. He also stayed in the hospital and stood outside Terry’s ward. 
Five hours had passed. After checking and analyzing Terry’s condition, the forensic doctor came out. Johnson hurriedly asked, “How is he?” 
He suppressed his nervousness. 
He knew that there was no way Terry would survive. No matter how godly one’s medical skills were, surely there was no way missing brain cells could be recovered, right? 
But unexpectedly, the forensic doctor’s brows drew together tightly, and then, with a fervent look on his face, he said, “It’s too amazing! It’s simply too amazing!” A foreboding feeling welled up in Johnson. “What happened?” 
The man replied, “Terry’s brain cells are really recovering!!” They were recovering? 
Johnson was utterly stunned. He said incredulously, “What?”
The doctor took a deep breath and said, “Terry will really be able to wake up in another day’s time!”
###Chapter 587
Chapter 587 Johnson Takes Action! 
Johnson had always been someone who could keep himself calm. 
From the start to the end, he had never believed that someone who had taken a bullet through the temples could survive. 
That was why he had not done anything all this time. Neither would he leave behind any potential blackmail material for Nora. 
However, things were starting to develop more and more bizarrely. 
Even the inspection unit’s forensic doctor was saying that Terry had a chance of regaining consciousness? 
However, he mustn’t panic. 
Regaining consciousness did not mean that he would remember the past! Surely there was no way newly-grown brain cells would retain past memories, right? 
He couldn’t help asking, “Would he remember what had happened in the past?” 
The forensic doctor replied, “One’s memories are stored in the central nervous system. As long as the nerves are not destroyed, the memories could be retained. It all still depends on Terry’s condition after he wakes up!” 
Johnson was dumbfounded when he heard this. 
The forensic doctor went back into the ward and continued to observe Terry’s condition.
Johnson stood outside. Then, he suddenly turned and headed outside. When he was about to go down the stairs, he saw Lily supporting Quentin as he walked about in the corridor. 
Shockingly enough, Quentin, whose body had been limp all over, could already walk a great distance without any help or stops. 
Lily was even giving him compliments. She said, “Nice! Your recovery is progressing so fast!” 
Quentin explained, “Yeah, I can feel my body repairing itself bit by bit every day. I can feel the bones growing, it’s as if something is bubbling inside me… It’s amazing! I’d always known that Nora’s medical skills were amazing, but I didn’t expect them to be this good!” 
Lily also nodded. “I finally understand why people are chasing after the gene serum. It’s simply too amazing!” 
Johnson kept walking downstairs as he listened to their conversation. 
He lit up a cigarette downstairs in the hospital and started smoking, his emotions becoming more and more irritable. 
He extinguished the cigarette butt and tossed it into the trash can. Only then did he get into his car and make his way to the special department. 
As soon as he stepped inside the special department, everyone there gathered around him. They looked at him and asked, “Captain Johnson, what happened to Captain Ford? Did he really violate the regulations?” 
“Captain Johnson, shouldn’t Mark be released by now?” The attitude of the people in the department towards Johnson had clearly become a lot more enthusiastic than before, all just because Morris hadn’t
immediately taken revenge for Janson when the accident happened. This had made everyone unhappy with him. 
Johnson smiled and replied, “He’s fine, they are just trying to thoroughly investigate what had happened. All of you are also aware that Captain Ford’s way of doing things is too non-compliant with the rules. Sigh! Alright, let’s just free Mark for now! Also, you all shouldn’t be gathering here. Go and do what you’re supposed to be doing!” Everyone nodded. 
They wanted to say more, but Johnson had already entered his office. He took out another cigarette and started to smoke. He was still waiting-waiting for further news from the hospital about Terry’s condition. Brain damage could lead to many different scenarios. He couldn’t take any risks yet! 
After some time, it gradually turned dark outside. 
Someone suddenly pushed open the door to Johnson’s office. An excited Mark rushed in and said, “Johnson, I think Karl is about to be convicted of his crimes!” 
Johnson was surprised. “What do you mean?” 
Mark replied, “Janson just contacted me and said that Terry opened his eyes today! He obviously wanted to say something, but because he couldn’t control his body yet, he couldn’t speak. Janson also said that Terry will be able to speak after another day’s time. When that happens, we will have a testimony! Let’s see what Karl has to say after that!” 
Panic entered Johnson’s eyes, but he nevertheless feigned surprise and said, “Really? That’s great!” 
After Mark reported the “good news”, he left the office. 
Johnson stayed in the office for a while more. He suddenly extinguished the cigarette. A sharp look flashed in his eyes. After that, he went out and called Mark over.
He instructed, “Interrogate Karl overnight and try your best to get him to confess to his crimes! This will be a gift for Terry once he wakes up!” 
A fierce look appeared in Mark’s eyes. “Don’t worry, I will definitely get you a satisfactory outcome!” 
Johnson nodded. “I’ll head to the hospital and watch over Terry, and strive to get a statement from him! This way, we’ll be able to have Karl convicted as quickly as possible!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Johnson then went out and drove off. However, he did not go to the hospital. He stopped by a pharmacy and bought some drugs capable of instantly suffocating someone…
###Chapter 588
Chapter 588 A Big Meeting! 
When Johnson arrived at the hospital, he found Janson asleep outside Terry’s ward. 
He looked around vigilantly. 
As a professional with many years of experience in the industry, he had been suspecting all this time that all of this was just a trap that Morris and Nora were trying to lure him into. 
Even though the two of them had been taken away by the inspection unit, Johnson did not let his guard down in the least. 
He had always been a perceptive, paranoid, and meticulous person. Otherwise, he would not have become Morris’ mentor back then. 
His rash, irritable, and upright personality on the surface was all just a disguise to establish a sense of harmlessness to the leaders above, so that he would be promoted quickly. 
As facts had proven, he had indeed succeeded. 
That act of his had deceived a lot of people. All of them had let their guard down around him. In fact, the people involved in innumerable workplace traps back then had all underestimated him because of his disguised carelessness, allowing him to make comebacks and turn defeat into victory. 
Thus, even at this moment, Johnson’s first reaction was not to enter the ward in a hurry and kill Terry, but to observe the surroundings. 
With his years of experience and surprisingly sharp intuition, he made sure that there wasn’t anyone watching him in the surroundings and that he wasn’t being plotted against by anyone. At last, he lightly pushed open the door to the ward and went in.
In the ward, Terry was lying on the bed. He had lost a lot of weight due to his coma over the past few days. His head was wrapped in white gauze, and he was unconscious, his eyes closed. 
The first thing Johnson did was inspect the ward. Even after confirming that there weren’t any surveillance cameras there, he did not immediately inject the toxic chemicals into Terry. Instead, he observed his vitals. 
His heart rate was maintained at a little past sixty and was very stable. Although it was a little slower than normal, it was still considered healthy. 
The other numbers were also indeed very good, which indicated that Terry was alive and recovering 
The gene serum was indeed impressive. 
With that in mind, Terry avoided all the angles that might allow one to photograph him, took out the deadly chemicals from his pocket, and injected them right into Terry. 
He moved smoothly in one go without any hesitation whatsoever, fully exhibiting the competency of a professional. 
When he was done, he took a step back. Shortly after, the monitor emitted a sharp beep. He gave Janson a push before he even woke up. Then, he shouted, “Janson, quick, come over and take a look! What’s the matter with Terry?” 
Janson opened his eyes in a daze. Upon hearing the warning alarm from the monitor, blood drained from his face. The hospital staff had also rushed over by then. Unfortunately, the heart rate monitor was only showing a straight line. 
Terry was dead.
He had died a day after being injected with the gene serum. The cause of death was cardiac arrest, which seemed like a heart attack, yet also seemed like it was caused by the gene serum. 
His body was taken away by the people from the inspection unit. Janson was extremely dispirited. Never would he have thought things would turn out like this. Quentin was obviously still well and alive in the ward next door… When news of the incident reached the special department, most of the colleagues felt their hearts sinking. 
Johnson quickly returned to the department to counsel everyone. He sighed and said, “The gene serum was nothing good right from the start. Most people have lost their lives after being injected with it. I was already opposed to the idea back when Nora wanted to use it to treat Terry, but they simply refused to listen… And Morris, too. I really don’t know how Nora managed to brainwash him so badly that he actually trusts her so much and goes along with her ridiculous actions!” 
The others also sighed. 
Janson stared at Johnson. 
He had a suspicion in his heart, but he didn’t know whether he should trust Johnson or not. Seemingly sensing his hostility, Johnson walked up to him and said, “Janson, you now understand why I tipped off the inspection unit, right? I really did it for Terry! The gene serum cannot be counted on at all! God knows how much Terry must have suffered during the past few days! I wonder if he could feel any pain when he was unconscious…” 
As Johnson spoke, Janson’s eyes reddened. 
Johnson sighed and said, “For all his life, Terry had been at odds with the people behind the gene serum. I never expected that he would still have to suffer such torture before his death. Janson, can you
understand my good intentions?” 
Janson suddenly clenched his fists. Nevertheless, he replied sensibly, “Nora only used the gene serum in order to save my father’s life, even though it failed in the end… The real murderer is Karl Moore!” 
He said, “I request that we close the case and convict Karl as soon as possible!” 
Johnson shook his head and sighed. After a while, he said, “The special department has the right to convict a criminal of their crimes, but the problem is that only the acting director has the right to do that! Now that Morris has been taken away by the inspection unit, no one in the department has the right to do that anymore!” 
He frowned at once and said, “I wonder when the investigation into Morris will be completed. Also, when will the new acting director be assigned?” 
The moment he said that, Janson was slightly taken aback. 
He, who was still in the throes of pain from losing his father, got the vague feeling that Johnson was bringing up the matter because he wanted to fight for power. But before he could say anything, Mark, who was next to him, said angrily, “That’s easy! We can jointly propose to remove Captain Ford from his post and then support Captain Johnson as the acting director in the interim! When that happens, you will be able to convict Karl of his crimes!” 
Johnson frowned when he heard what he said. “That’s… not quite a good idea, is it? Although Morris has done something muddleheaded, it was Nora who had deceived him…” 
Mark immediately gritted his teeth and said, “Captain Ford has indeed become muddleheaded! The way he looks at Nora isn’t right. For so many years, he has always been firm and impartial, but how many outlandish things has he done for Nora? All I did was interrogate Karl for a short while the other time, yet he actually locked me up!”
Mark and Janson were best buddies. He often went over to their place for meals. As his senior, Terry had also taught him a lot, and he had benefited a lot from his teachings. 
That was why Mark was so worked up. He didn’t even wait for Johnson to speak and immediately said, “A lot of people in the department think so too. Just wait for it, Captain Johnson, I’ll take care of this!” 
After speaking, Mark ran off. 
Janson looked at him from the back, his eyes were all red. 
A day later, the inspection unit came to the special department, planning to investigate the incident about Terry and also to announce the final outcome. As the incident had blown up a great deal in the special department, and also because Morris had gone against everyone’s will to protect Karl, they had decided to hold a huge conference to resolve the matter. 
Seeing everything going smoothly, Johnson finally relaxed. He felt that things were undoubtedly going very smoothly and there wouldn’t be any unexpected issues.
###Chapter 589
Chapter 589 Old Terry Is Not Dead!! 
Karl’s case had already been reported to the organization. Many people knew about this matter, and it attracted wide attention. Of course, this was still Captain Johnson’s doing 
Morris was powerful and had accumulated a lot of connections over the years. After the incident, many people had spoken up for him and put pressure on the inspection unit. The inspection unit had originally planned to let Morris be released early, but with Old Terry’s death along with Captain Johnson’s actions, it was not appropriate to let him go. After all, if they were to forcefully let him go now, it would probably arouse the displeasure of the crowd. 
The large conference room of the special department could accommodate a hundred people. All the staff members of the special department were present. Morris had broken the law and helped Nora give Old Terry the gene serum. This matter was going to be judged today. After all, Morris’s actions at that time were to save people, so the inspection unit did not know how to punish him. 
At this moment, the meeting room was fully packed. 
Most of the people inside were divided into two parts. 
A portion of them was of Morris’s loyal supporters. They had worked with him for many years and believed in him. They even said, “Captain Ford is also doing this to save people! If there are lives in danger, would we not prioritize saving people over violating some rules?” 
The other group was led by Mark. 
Janson was heartbroken and depressed, but Mark was indignant and retorted, “Then why didn’t he convict Karl even after so long? He didn’t even allow me to interrogate him! There must be something wrong!”
“That’s right. Don’t we know what gene serums are? They’re harmful! They’re poison! This is what we’ve been fighting against. Over the years, how many colleagues have been sacrificed to fight against the mysterious organization that makes this gene serum? In the end, you want to use this thing on one of our own? How ridiculous!” 
The person supporting Morris said, “But Captain Ford did it to save people!” “But Old Terry is dead! He’s not saved! The facts have proven that we were right! Captain Ford is too extreme. The special department has even become his one-man hall! Also, why is the trial against Karl Moore delayed? We clearly have all the evidence!” 
As the crowd was in a heated argument, the door to the meeting room was pushed open. Then, accompanied by a staff member from the inspection unit, Morris strode into the meeting room. 
The moment he entered, the entire conference room instantly became silent. 
Everyone looked at him. 
As he had been detained for two days, a black beard had appeared on Morris’s chin. At this moment, he looked more like a mature man. 
His gaze was like an eagle as it swept across everyone present, causing them to shut their mouths. 
Morris and a few people from the Ministry of Supervision sat on the stage and looked down. One of them then started speaking, “Alright, now the special department is divided into two factions regarding Morris’s situation. One half thinks that Captain Ford has been negligent in his work. As long as he apologizes to Janson, this matter will be over. The other half thinks that Captain Ford has used illegal drugs from the special department recklessly and seriously violated the law. He should be dismissed from his post till further investigation! Now, we want to ask the public’s opinion!”
As soon as he said this, the two sides started arguing again. 
Their words were the same as earlier. 
Looking at the heated discussion, Captain Johnson suddenly said, “Um, I’ll say something. Everyone, please listen to me.” 
He sighed and said, “I was the one who brought Morris into this industry. Now that I’m going to judge him, I really can’t bear it. But there’s nothing I can do. He has done something wrong and made some bad judgments! If anyone gets hurt in the future and says that the gene serum can be used to save lives, will he break the law and take it out again? We have to firmly put an end to such things! Therefore, in this situation, I suggest reducing the punishment for Morris. A dismissal is too serious. We should let him work from the bottom again and punish him with three months of salary cut as a show of service. I wonder if anyone has any ions?” 
This kind of neutralized opinion instantly shook the people below. 
Those who originally thought that Morris should be punished but still had some feelings for him and could not bear to remove him from the Investigation Committee immediately nodded. 
Those who were originally on Morris’s side also felt that this plan was reasonable… 
For a moment, this proposal from Captain Johnson received the agreement of most people! 
Mark stood up as well. “To be honest, Captain Ford has indeed worked hard and provided meritorious service all these years. I think it’s too big of a punishment for him to be dismissed. I can’t bear for Captain Morris to leave either. I think what Captain Johnson has said can be done! If he starts from the bottom again, I believe Captain Ford will be able to rely on his contributions to return to this position quickly!”
Everyone nodded. “Yes.” 
When Captain Johnson heard this, he was very satisfied. 
He was doing this on purpose! 
Morris had too many connections and too deep of a background. He could not possibly slap Morris to death. He could only take a step back and let him resign. Then, the chair of the Special Case Department Head would be his now! 
This was his goal. 
Seeing that everyone below had agreed, the people from the inspection unit then looked at Morris. “Captain Ford, do you have any ions to this punishment?” 
With that, everyone looked at Morris. 
Morris lowered his eyes. After a moment, he suddenly looked up and said slowly, “Yes.” 
Everyone fell silent again. 
Captain Johnson frowned. “Morris, this punishment is already very light. You knew the rules and violated them, so you have to pay the price. People can’t just be forgiven when they’ve done something wrong!” 
“You’re right.” 
Morris laughed coldly and suddenly stood up. “It’s very hard to cover up when you’ve done something wrong. What about a murderer? Compared to my mistake, isn’t your mistake more serious?”
These words made Captain Johnson’s pupils shrink. He sneered and said, “Morris, Karl keeps saying that I killed Old Terry, but do you really trust him over me? You’ve really disappointed me. Do you have any evidence to say that I have killed someone?” 
“Of course.” 
Morris said slowly, “Not only do I have evidence, but I also have a witness!” 
With that, he looked at the door. He was clearly here to be judged, but he turned the tables and said, “Come in.” 
Accompanying this sentence, Nora strode in lazily and yawned, pushing a wheelchair along. 
Her face was filled with impatience as if she had not slept enough. Her expression was not very good. 
However, no one noticed that at the moment. Everyone’s attention was on the person in the wheelchair. 
It was Old Terry.
###Chapter 590
Chapter 590 Captain Johnson’s True Colors Were Revealed! 
When Old Terry appeared on the scene, the entire audience was shocked. 
Janson stood up in shock and looked at Old Terry in disbelief. 
Why was his father here? 
He should be in the hospital’s mortuary. While Janson was so shocked, Captain Johnson’s heart was already in turmoil! 
Old Terry… He was clearly dead! 
He couldn’t be alive after he had drugged him. 
He swallowed hard and looked at Old Terry in horror. The person who had appeared there was like a demon! A demon that had climbed out of hell. 
Before Captain Johnson could speak, Janson’s eyes were already red. He took a step forward. “Dad, you’re still alive?” 
Old Terry’s head was wrapped in gauze. The gauze on his head covered half his head, and the other half was horribly swollen. His voice seemed to be blocked by something in his throat. It was very hoarse, and it was very uncomfortable to hear. 
He slowly said, “I’m not dead, I’m still alive.” 
It was really him! 
Everyone present widened their eyes. Why was he still alive?
Old Terry’s next answer puzzled everyone. “The gene serum can even restore brain cells. How could I have died?” 
Captain Johnson swallowed. 
He thought that he could rest easy after seeing Old Terry die with his own eyes. However, he did not expect him to be alive! Had the gene serum cured the poison he had injected? 
How could… this be?! 
Thus, in the end, even if he was meticulous, he had still lost to fate! 
“Uncle Terry, it’s great that you’re still alive!” Mark’s feelings were purer than others. It was also easier for him to recover from his daze. He rushed to Old Terry and said with red eyes, “Tell everyone now who shot you?!” 
With that, he complained aggrievedly, “Karl has been arrested, but he refused to confess. Captain Ford actually said that he felt aggrieved. He even accused Captain Johnson of killing you. How is this possible… You’re awake now, tell everyone who shot you that day!” 
Mark glared at Morris. Before Old Terry could speak, he said, “Captain Ford, if Old Terry personally testifies, you can use it as absolute evidence, right? If you still think the evidence is insufficient, we won’t accept it if you don’t punish Karl Moore!” 
“Right, we can’t accept this!” 
Behind Mark, many hot-blooded youths from the special department shouted. 
Morris’s gaze was sharp. Despite being criticized and questioned by so many former companions, he said calmly, “Let Old Terry speak first!” 
Everyone looked at Old Terry.
Mark even walked to Old Terry. “Uncle Terry, hurry up and speak. Karl framed Captain Johnson and Captain Ford believed Karl’s words. Quickly clear Captain Johnson’s name!” 
Captain Johnson, who was shielded behind him, had a livid expression, his eyes flickering. 
He knew that he was completely finished this time. 
Old Terry coughed a few times. It seemed like even his cough was very uncomfortable. He even touched his head and looked at Captain Johnson. “Old Johnson, I had already woken up yesterday. I didn’t come yesterday was because I couldn’t figure out why you had shot me?” 
With that, the entire place fell silent 
Everyone seemed baffled by this sentence, but they also seemed to understand it. Then, they suddenly looked at Captain Johnson. 
Janson was the first to react. He shouted at Captain Johnson, “Uncle Johnson, it was you who shot my father? You! But why… Why did you try to kill my father?!” 
Captain Johnson narrowed his eyes and refused to admit it. “Old Terry, are you confused? I think you’re just confused. How could I try to kill you? Have you been bewitched?” 
With that, the people around looked at Old Terry. 
The people in the special department were all passionate youths. 
In order to carry out their mission, they had sacrificed countless people and many comrades. Therefore, the camaraderie between them was comparable to that of real brothers. 
Captain Johnson was their role model whom they looked up to.
Many young people were comforted by Captain Johnson when they felt lost in life. 
Therefore, after the incident, everyone would definitely choose to trust their leaders and comrades! 
Even at this moment, everyone trusted Captain Johnson more. 
Mark shouted, “Uncle Terry, what are you talking about?” 
Old Terry sighed and continued, “Old Johnson, I understand now. Back then, Karl was my informant. When I retired, I transferred him to you. At that time, I was not in good health. I stayed in the hospital for half a month and was even in a coma. Before I fainted, I gave you his contact details and asked you to tell him that I’d retired him from undercover duty. You didn’t tell him, did you?” 
Captain Johnson pursed his lips. “Old Terry, I don’t know what you’re talking about!” 
Old Terry sighed again. “You know, I have evidence that he’s an undercover agent! Old Johnson, I’ve never doubted you. Over the years, you’ve used the intelligence he provided to solve many cases. Don’t you know how you got from a lowly beat cop to where you are today? How could you still treat him like this?! The reason you killed me and framed him was because of that charity fund, right?” 
When Captain Johnson heard Old Terry’s last sentence, he knew that he could not hide it anymore! Old Terry said slowly, “Your son is overseas. He bought a sports car worth $5,000,000. Where did this money come from?” 
Captain Johnson stammered, “How… how would I know? He didn’t buy a sports car at all. What nonsense are you talking about?” 
Old Terry’s voice was very hoarse, and his words were sharp and unpleasant. “We have all the records of whether he bought it or not. I can get the bank to send them over right now. The money your son
spent buying a car and a house outside are all from the charity foundation Karl gave you, right?” 
Captain Johnson was flustered. “You…” 
“Back then, when you contacted him with the information I gave you, you did not reveal your identity. He thought that you were me, so he told you that he wanted to give New York a charity. Then, when he talked about money, you were tempted, right? You pretended to be me because Karl only trusted me! You took the money and put it all in your own pocket! We’ve already investigated your bank accounts. Old Johnson, you can’t deny it!” 
When Captain Johnson heard these words, he knew that he had to admit it no matter how much he lied. 
Morris shouted, “Captain Johnson, aren’t you going to confess now?” 
Captain Johnson looked at him suddenly and shouted, “Even if I confess, you can’t escape from what you’ve done with the gene serum!”
###Chapter 591
Chapter 591 Captain Johnson’s Defeat! 
Captain Johnson hated Morris to the core. 
He was ashamed to face Old Terry. After all, he was the one who had shot him. 
Karl had given him a lot of money over the years. 
Therefore, when he saw that Karl was captured by the special department, Johnson was afraid that he would expose his identity and lead the special department to investigate the fund. 
Captain Johnson helped Karl escape because he wanted him to leave New York and be of use to him in the future. 
Unfortunately, Karl had actually stayed for his daughter’s wedding. 
In order to prevent any accidents, Captain Johnson had gotten the sniper to shoot him at the wedding. He wanted to kill him so that there would be no risk. 
Unfortunately, Nora had stirred things up again. After that, she had arrested Karl. Morris had watched Karl closely and made him unable to do anything 
Karl had forced him to look for Old Terry. Helpless, he could only call Old Terry over. 
However, no matter how much he calculated, he had missed Nora and Morris’s persistence! 
If Morris was not so persistent, he could have convicted Karl after Old Terry died or gotten someone to kill him. The matter could still be controlled. 
Unfortunately, Morris was too protective of Karl!
And Nora, this little b*tch, actually developed some gene serum and saved Old Terry, who should have died! 
It was all their fault, all their fault! 
Captain Johnson knew that he had already been exposed. There was nothing else to say. He shouted angrily, “And you, Nora. I asked you to come to the special department to catch the mysterious organization, not to develop the gene serum. But what have you done? Do you think you’re much better than me? I just want money, but you’re in cahoots with the people from the mysterious organization. What you do is no different from the mysterious organization!” 
Morris looked at him and sighed deeply. “Captain Johnson, what we’re talking about now is your murder charge.” Captain Johnson sneered and said, “I’m at most considered to have attempted murder! But your and Nora’s crimes are far too serious. I just want to ask you something. If gene serum can treat illnesses and save lives, and can even bring people back to life, then what is the meaning of the years of work we have done targeting the mysterious organization?! This research they’ve done is beneficial to humans!” “Your actions make all our actions seem so ridiculous! Is the birth of this drug supposed to make us hurry up and submit to the mysterious organization?” “And you, Old Terry. Don’t look at me like that. You’re stupid. You don’t know how to earn money. Is it wrong for me to make money? I’ve risked my life so many times. On what basis can I not live as well as others? Those people from wealthy families can casually earn money, live in mansions, and drive good cars. But what about us?” 
He looked around. “Our existence is a joke! This drug developed by the mysterious organization that we’ve been trying so hard to catch has become your life-saving straw!” 
“Morris, I attempted murder. You’re not any better off than me. It was you who made the special department dispensable!” If the drugs in the mysterious organization could really save lives, should the mysterious organization really be outlawed? 
This question appeared in the hearts of many members of the special department at the same time.
They had fought for so many years and sacrificed so many companions. What was the reason? Was the justice they insisted on even right? 
Just as everyone was confused, they suddenly heard a scoff. “Old Johnson, in that case, you admit to your crimes?” 
Captain Johnson narrowed his eyes. “Yes, I confess. I attempted murder and choose to surrender. My sentence will be lighter!” 
“But regarding Morris, I strongly urge the Ministry of Supervision to deal with him seriously! He covers the sky with one hand in the special department and is playing a good role in reversing the situation! Heh, his thoughts are evil and his heart is already leaning towards the mysterious organization!” 
As soon as Captain Johnson finished speaking, he saw Old Terry suddenly laugh softly. That laughter was clear and was no longer as hoarse as before. 
Captain Johnson was stunned. 
Everyone was stunned and looked at Old Terry in disbelief. 
Old Terry reached out and pulled at the skin at the chin, tearing off a piece to reveal Brenda’s stunning face! 
This time, no one could speak. 
This sudden change in attitude caught everyone off guard. 
After tearing off the fake skin on her face, Brenda stood up and took off the wig. Her beautiful hair fell down and she stood there beautifully in her hospital gown. “Captain Johnson, I’m sorry to inform you that Old Terry is really dead. You didn’t commit attempted murder. You have committed a real murder!”
Captain Johnson widened his eyes. He took a step back and looked at Brenda before looking at Morris and Nora again… 
At this moment, someone instantly understood something… This group of people had no evidence of him killing anyone. Even the transfer record was forged carefully. It was difficult for anyone to notice. 
When he killed Old Terry, he had done it flawlessly! 
Morris had no evidence to prove Karl’s innocence. After all, he had the motive to kill Old Terry. Unless Old Terry said it himself and testified as a witness. 
However, Old Terry was already on his last breath at the time. He could not have lived! 
Therefore, that gene serum was not so magical at all. It only healed Quentin’s injuries, but it could not revive the dead! 
Old Terry was really dead! 
However, this group of people had put on a show for him. It was a miracle that Quentin’s bones had recovered. Johnson had seen a medical miracle with his own eyes, so he believed that Old Terry could be treated. 
The moment Old Terry appeared, he did not doubt his authenticity. 
However, he had forgotten what Brenda was best at-Disguise! 
When Captain Johnson figured this out, the people from the inspection unit said, “Captain Johnson, you’ve already admitted yourself that you killed Old Terry. The motive and evidence are enough! What else do you have to say?!” 
What else could he say?
Nothing! 
Captain Johnson knew that it was useless to say anything now. He looked at Morris and Nora angrily. “I want to say that these two people have violated the rules of the special department and used the gene serum to treat Quentin without permission. This is all Nora’s private use of public power!” 
Even if he died, he had to make Morris and Nora suffer along! 
However, as soon as he finished speaking, he saw Nora, who was behind Brenda, yawn heavily. Then, she said casually, “Gene serum? Are you talking about this?” 
She casually picked up an iron box and opened it. There were rows of transparent glass bottles inside. 
Nora slowly curved her lips. “These are just vitamins.”
###Chapter 592
Chapter 592 About the Child? 
Nora was very focused when she worked. When she was overseas, she would often work for a few days and nights in a row. After that, she would sleep for a very long time. Therefore, she had specially made a vitamin solution to prevent hypoglycemia in her sleep. 
Lily only needed to inject this solution into her body. She did not need to wake up herself. She could sleep for 72 hours, or even more. 
Captain Johnson was stunned. “How… how is this possible?” Nora raised her eyebrows. Because she had not slept enough, her temper was a little grumpy as she spoke impatiently in a hoarse voice, “The inspection unit has already collected the needles and syringes I used on Old Terry that day. They have checked the composition inside and confirmed that it is indeed a vitamin solution. Why do you think Captain Ford and I were let out?” 
They had been acquitted! 
Furthermore, the Inspection unit had cooperated with them and put on a show! 
As for the medicine used on Quentin… 
The gene serum Nora had pretended to inject was all a cover to fool Janson into convincing Captain Johnson. 
The drug actually used for Quentin’s treatment was administered later on! 
She did not sleep for three days and three nights to synthesize an excellent drug for the recovery of his bones using the medical skills given by her master, Dr. Zabe. This medicine was the Bone Adhesion Balm. 
Quentin was finally able to stand up because of that drug. The drug would not take effect that fast, but to help her convince Captain Johnson, Quentin had stood up forcefully and walked back and forth. 
Now, he was lying on the bed again. He had been injured for a hundred days, not to mention that his bones had been rejoined. He had to recuperate well later on. 
As for Old Terry… 
Since his temples had exploded, there was no way to save him and he had died on the very same day. However, how and when to tell the others about his death was all planned by Nora. At this point, the truth was revealed. Captain Johnson was arrested and taken away by the Inspection unit. What awaited him next was trial and execution. The death penalty was unavoidable. After all, his crime was too serious. 
Janson realized that his father had really passed away and started crying. Mark and the others felt as if their worlds had collapsed. 
Just as everyone was feeling mixed emotions, Ruth suddenly rushed out. 
Her arm was still wrapped in bandages and her charming face was filled with fear. She said, “Officers, I want to report something!” 
When she said this, the people from the Inspection unit looked at her.
Ruth said, “Captain Johnson had asked me to develop a plan to interrogate Karl. I found it very strange at the time, so I kept delaying the plans. Now, I understand. Fortunately, I trusted Captain Ford. So that’s how it is! Anyway, I want to report something!” 
The people from the Inspection unit and the surrounding special departments all looked at her. 
Ruth said righteously, “When I went to his room to find some information, I realized that his computer was switched on. He had logged onto an external network. I checked his records and realized that Captain Johnson had posted a message on a foreign underworld forum. He said that Nora had a gene serum, he was trying to attract overseas organizations to fight for it. I think the reason he did that was also to stop Old Terry’s treatment.” 
Her words made the expressions of the people change drastically. 
Captain Johnson had already committed a heinous crime by killing people for money. However, they did not expect him to be in contact with foreign underworld? They definitely needed to investigate if he was a spy! The officer from the Inspection unit said, “Comrade Ruth, the intelligence you have provided is very important. We will thoroughly investigate the matter! If any of you people have any other information for us, you have to tell it in time!” 
Ruth’s eyes were red as she lowered her head. “Although I grew up overseas and was recommended by Captain Johnson to join the special department, I knew this place was my home when I came to New York. I didn’t expect Captain Johnson to be such a vile person…” 
The people from the Inspection unit could only comfort her. “It’s okay. This has nothing to do with you.” Ruth sighed. “I know it has nothing to do with me, but it was Captain Johnson who recommended me to the special department. This…” 
The people from the Ministry of Supervision immediately calmed her down. “It’s okay. The special department welcomes all talented people! Besides, you’ve done a good job by reporting Captain Johnson!” 
Ruth heaved a sigh of relief. 
This was the reason she had rushed out to snitch against Captain Johnson. 
She had been recommended by Captain Johnson. If he left, she was afraid that the department would chase her away. 
She hurriedly looked at Morris and said, “Captain Ford, Black Cat and I have already sorted out the interrogation plan. If we interrogate them accordingly, I guarantee that they will all speak!” 
Morris stared at Ruth. 
Morris was a person who cared about principles when he did things. Although Ruth had always been against Nora in the past, she had never done anything against his principles. 
Moreover, Captain Johnson had just been arrested. If he turned around and dealt with Ruth, he would leave a bad impression on the other people in the special department, making them feel uneasy. 
At the thought of this, Morris said, “Work hard. Don’t spend so much time on those trivial matters in the future!” 
Ruth blushed and she said, “Yes Sir!”
Morris then looked to the side and wanted to speak to Nora, but he saw Nora and Brenda already walking out when he turned his head. 
Nora was so tired that she did not want to speak, but she still looked at Brenda in confusion. “You are quite good at disguises. Your acting was very realistic.” Brenda said, “Of course. I’m made use of my makeup and forgery techniques to the limit!” Nora was curious. “Can you impersonate anyone?” 
Brenda said, “No, it would be very difficult to impersonate you. After all, your head is smaller than mine. I would prefer someone with a big head. I just need to add some skin and stuff like that. If I had to impersonate you… Do you think I can peel off a layer of skin?” 
The two of them walked along busy chatting. Just as they left the door, they saw Justin standing in the parking lot. His tall and slender figure was noticeable at a glance. 
He was leaning against the car with his legs crossed. When he saw the two of them, he immediately stood up and walked toward them. 
Brenda clicked her tongue twice and said in a lazy and charming tone, “Justin, you were married to your job when you weren’t with Nora in the past. Now that you have Nora, have you thrown your job away in some cold corner?” 
Justin ignored her. 
Instead, he opened the car door and said to Nora, “Let’s go home and catch up on your sleep.” 
Nora nodded and got into the car. 
Justin walked to the other side and was about to get into the car when Ruth suddenly came running out of the special department. When she saw him, her eyes instantly lit up and she hurried over. “Mr. Hunt, I really have something to tell you!”
Justin did not even look at her and got into the car. 
Ruth had no choice but to bite her lips and shout, “It’s about the child! You’ll regret it if you don’t listen!” 
###Chapter 593
Chapter 593 Welcome Home! 
About the child? 
Justin’s footsteps paused as his long and cold eyes looked at her. However, he only glanced at her casually before getting into the car. 
He had nothing to say to Ruth about the child. 
The car started and Ruth chased after it. Just as she was about to reach the car, Lawrence suddenly came out and grabbed her. “Miss Ruth, let’s talk!” 
When Ruth saw that it was him again, she bit her lip in anger and said, “I really have something important to discuss with Mr. Hunt! It’s about the child! His son!” 
Lawrence lowered his eyes. “What’s wrong with Pete? Tell me first.” 
Ruth’s eyes were firm as she slowly said, “No, I must discuss this with Mr. Hunt face to face. I won’t say anything until I see him!” 
The corners of Lawrence’s mouth twitched. “This trick again. Are you going to ask him out on a date when you see him? Miss Ruth, I’ve already seen this trick of yours a million times. I advise you to behave yourself! Mr. Hunt has a fiancée! It’s Miss Smith, do you understand?” 
He pursed his lips and looked at Ruth up and down. “Please take a good look at yourself. What about you compares to Miss Smith? Your face? Your figure? Or your talent? Tsk! Look in the mirror if you have the time!” 
Lawrence got into the car and left behind Justin.
Ruth was left alone in embarrassment. 
She clenched her fists tightly and took a deep breath after a moment. “Just wait and see! I’ll expose the person you like sooner or later and make her fall from grace!!” 
The limousine was driving back to the Smiths. 
Justin personally drove so Nora could rest without any hindrance. He drove the car so smoothly not even a little vibration could be felt. 
SU 
Nora lay on the big bed on the backseat and slept with her eyes closed. 
She had only fallen asleep when she suddenly sat up. 
She hesitated for a moment. “Did we forget something?” 
Justin looked at her. “What can I forget? Just go to sleep.” 
Nora’s face was pale and listless. Her almond-shaped eyes were lowered and she could barely open them. When she heard Justin’s words, she thought that it was probably nothing serious, so she lay down again. This time, she really fell into a deep 
sleep. 
Not long after their car left, Karl was released from the special department. 
Everyone in the special department stared at him. 
Janson had gone to settle Old Terry’s funeral matters, so Mark represented him as he stood there. The moment Karl came out, he stood straight as a wall and saluted.
An undercover colleague was someone they should admire the most. However, under Captain Johnson’s guidance, he had instead humiliated Karl several times over the past few days. 
V 
SU 
At this moment, Mark really felt that he had been wrong. “Sir, I was wrong! Please hit me and vent your anger!” 
Young officers were always hot-blooded. However, they could realize their mistakes and change. They did not always have bad intentions. 
Karl looked at him and thought of his younger days… 
He patted Mark’s shoulder and said, “You did the right thing. Even if there’s no evidence and you have doubts about the enemy, you must have complete faith in your comrades!” 
Just as he himself had never doubted Old Terry all these years. 
Even if such a thing had happened before, it should not have caused the people in the special department to have a crisis of distrust toward their comrades. 
Mark’s face turned even redder. “But Captain Johnson turned out to be like this. Can our comrades be trusted?”. 
“Yes!” 
Karl replied affirmatively, “There are always exceptions. But those willing to give up everything for the people deserve respect.” They could not let the people in the special department have a trust crisis
because of Captain Johnson. 
Mark nodded thoughtfully. At this moment, Morris held a uniform in his hand and walked to Karl with steel steps. He suddenly saluted Karl and handed him the uniform. “Karl, welcome home.” 
Welcome home. 
These words made Karl’s eyes turn red. 
With trembling fingers, he slowly took the uniform and returned Morris’s salute. 
Then he turned and walked out. 
Along the way, people from the special department kept looking at him. People saluted Karl one after another as he walked past them. With everyone’s attention on him, Karl went out the door. 
In the solemn and tragic atmosphere, Karl’s voice suddenly came from outside the door. “Where’s Nora? This heartless person. Did she not think of taking me home?! Do I have to take a taxi home?!” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Morris hurried over and arranged for a car from the special department to send him home. 
– 
At the Smiths. 
After reaching the Smith Manor, Justin picked up Nora, who was in deep sleep, and took her inside. 
The matter had been resolved, and Austin had not come to the country. 
Ian was very satisfied. It was rare that he did not have a bad expression of Justin.
Justin went upstairs and gently placed Nora on the bed. Then, he heard the commotion downstairs. 
His brows drew together tightly. 
He went out and looked downstairs. He realized that it was Sue. At this moment, she was pointing at Tanya. “Tanya, your status is so awkward now! Your father killed a person and even killed a policeman! He’s simply too lawless!” 
Tanya rolled her eyes and ignored her. However, just as she was about to go upstairs, Sue said, “You’re now the mistress of our family. It’s too embarrassing to have a murderer as a father! Look, so many invitation letters have been sent to my house. No one dares to invite you. Therefore, Joel, don’t you think I should be the one appearing as the mistress of the Smiths?” 
Many people wanted to curry favor with the Smiths to do business. As the mistress, she could get many gifts from them. 
Being the mistress of the Smiths was a very glorious thing. 
Sue was using Tanya’s bad reputation to vie for this position! 
She really courted death every day. 
Joel lowered his eyes. “I won’t trouble you with that kind of thing.” 
“How is it trouble? I’m also a member of the Smiths. Besides, Tanya’s status is too awkward now, and she’s not suitable to appear in public. Isn’t it my responsibility then?” 
Almost as soon as she finished speaking, a police car stopped outside the villa with a screech.
###Chapter 594
Chapter 594 Going Home 
The Smith manor was still some distance away from the gates. 
Thus, when the police car stopped, the security guard hurriedly popped his head out the window and was badly frightened. “Are they here to arrest someone again?” 
Puzzled, the butler went out and went up to the police car politely. Just as he was about to speak, the car window rolled down, revealing Karl’s face. He asked, “Is Tanya at home?” 
The butler was taken aback. “Mrs. Smith has been home all along. Mr. Moore, have you… hijacked a police car?” 
Had Karl broken out of jail and even stolen a police car? 
Wasn’t he a little too bold? 
The butler’s thoughts terrified him. 
Upon hearing what he said, Karl broke into a grin. He even patted the steering wheel and asked, “Is this car dashing or what?” The butler: “…” 
“C’mon, cut the crap and open the door! I’m going in to look for my daughter!” Following Karl’s words, the butler swallowed. He ultimately didn’t dare to stop Karl from entering, so he opened the gates. 
The car swayed about as Karl drove carelessly on the driveway. 
In the living room. 
Tanya’s eyes were lowered and she kept quiet.
With a cold look on his face, Joel said, “Grandaunt Sue, I don’t find my wife’s status awkward at all.” 
Sue curled her lips disdainfully and said, “You don’t have to glorify her anymore. All of New York already knows by now that her father is a murderer. This has pretty much been cemented. We also have our own contacts that we can use to find out the information we want! Tanya is not invited to any of the events in the New York circle these days. If you don’t believe me, then why don’t you go out and have a look yourself? Think of all the invitations that the Smiths had received when Yvonne was still around. Who is going to send the Smiths any invitations now?” 
She went on. “It’s not just Tanya. Even Nora is also… What is a good girl like her doing being a forensic doctor? Doesn’t she find it crass dealing with dead bodies every day? It’s even taboo for many people, that’s why they are not sending invitations to Nora anymore, either. 
“But there are many things that require a woman to come forward and take care of. Take a look at the Smiths now, how many presentable women are there? 
“Besides, I’m here this time because of a huge transaction!” 
Joel narrowed his eyes and looked at Sue. 
Sue said, “There isn’t any land available for purchase in New York lately, right? The real estate business is gradually failing. The part of our family’s business in the real estate hasn’t produced any profits this year! But I daresay that this project of mine is definitely the most profitable in the real estate industry!” 
Joel immediately understood what project Sue was talking about. 
He immediately cut her off and said, “The Smiths will not brood over certain businesses. The real estate industry is not doing well anymore. It was a wise choice that we pulled out in time!” 
He didn’t give Sue a chance to speak, but stood up and pushed her out instead. He said, “Grandaunt Sue, we have a lot to do. Why don’t you go home for now?”
Tanya watched the two of them. 
Joel had always been a wily little fox. Even if he was obviously unhappy about something, he would still keep a smile on his face. He maintained a smiley disposition all year round and then decimated his enemies behind their backs. 
He seldom got angry on the surface back then. 
But he was actually starting to get physical now. It must be because what Sue was about to say had something to do with her. 
As soon as the thought formed, Sue said, “Joel, don’t push me. Isn’t it for the sake of letting the Smiths profit that I’m here to talk about the project today? Are you going to deprive the Smiths of such huge profits just to protect your wife?” 
Sue rushed up to Tanya and said, “Do you know? There is a big project in New York that all the companies are bidding for right now. The Smiths could have easily fought for it; it’s all because of you that we have let this project slip by us!” 
Tanya frowned and looked at Joel. 
Joel’s voice became even colder. “Grandaunt Sue, don’t force me into taking action against 
you!” 
Sue, however, lifted her chin and said, “Then why don’t you do it? But before you do, I still have to make this clear!” 
She looked straight at Tanya and said, “This huge project was to build a courthouse on a plot of land in the suburbs! And since this building is so special, they require an engineering team with a crystal clear
track record with the law! The Smiths have indeed never broken the law before even after being in business for so many years! But we now have a daughter-in-law with a murderer for a father! You’ve utterly ruined the Smiths’ reputation! We can’t bid on the project anymore just because of you!” 
Tanya bit her lip when she heard this. 
As for Joel, he immediately shouted, “Where’s the housekeeper?!” 
Lucy entered the room and said, “I’m here.” 
“Show Grandaunt Sue out!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Lucy took a step forward as she spoke. She grabbed Sue’s hand right away and started to drag her toward the door. 
Sue, however, sneered and said, “Joel, do you think this problem will just go away if you drive me out and stop me from talking? Even if I don’t say anything about it, both of you should know that it’s all because of her father that we have been barred from the project! Hah, we, the Smiths, have never so brazenly broken the law all these years, but we have totally embarrassed ourselves this time! Are you still going to defend a wife like that?” To be honest, building a courthouse didn’t bring much profit. 
However, it was a representation of one’s corporate reputation in the country! 
It was indeed extremely unsightly that the Smiths’ engineering team didn’t even qualify to bid on the project. 
However…
Joel refuted her. “We may not be able to win the project even if we bid for it, anyway! How can you blame it all on Tanya?” 
Sue sneered, “With what all the outsiders are saying, the Smiths have utterly embarrassed themselves, yet you are still defending her! Not only is a matriarch like her unable to do anything for the Smiths, but she’s even giving us a whole lot of trouble! Joel, I told you, I came here with a project! As long as you let me be the matriarch of the Smiths on the surface, I can convince the Department of Housing and Urban Development to give the Smiths a chance to participate in the bidding! Whether we make money or not doesn’t matter; what matters is earning back the reputation we have lost!” 
Joel frowned. He was about to speak when police sirens came from the door. 
Sue’s eyes lit up at once when she heard the police sirens. She pointed at Tanya and said excitedly, “Hear that? The police are here again! Have we become at constant loggerheads with the police? Tanya’s father must have gotten himself in trouble again, they’re here to arrest Tanya now!” 
As soon as she said that, a wild and boorish voice came from the door. “Who dares to arrest my daughter?!” 
Upon hearing this, the few of them looked over one after another and saw Karl striding in wearing a police uniform!
###Chapter 595
Chapter 595 Arresting Someone 
A shudder went through Sue when she heard his voice. Seeing that it was Karl walking in, Sue was reminded of the terror she had felt being dominated by him the last time, and her legs turned into jelly. 
Karl was dressed in a police uniform, which covered all of his tattoos and made him look very righteous. It was just that there was no change to his simple and honest image. 
As he entered, Karl grinned at Tanya and said, “I’m back.” 
Tanya’s eyes reddened. 
Joel put his arm around her shoulders. After greeting his daughter, Karl finally looked at Sue. Upon recognizing her, he frowned and said with displeasure, “You again?” Sue swallowed hard. “No, it’s not me!” 
Karl: ? 
Sue was so terrified that she didn’t dare to speak. Instead, she said to Tanya and Joel, “Um, I have something to do, so I’ll be going now!” 
She hurried out after speaking, upon which she spotted the police car parked at the door. 
Sue became even more scared and almost fell onto the ground. She got into the car and immediately told the chauffeur to quickly drive off. When they reached the gates, she saw the butler instructing his subordinates, “Quick, close the gates. If anyone comes and asks about Mr. Joel’s in-laws, just tell them that you don’t know anything!” 
“Yes, sir!”
The butler sighed. “He even has the guts to steal a police car. Surely Mr. Moore didn’t really break out of prison again, right?” 
Sue became even more scared and she didn’t dare to say any more. She immediately urged the chauffeur to hurry up and drive back home. 
But when she got home, the more Sue thought about it, the more scared she became. 
She said to Samuel, “People like Karl Moore are all devils who kill without even batting an eyelid. Do you think he will come to take revenge against me?” 
Samuel was, surprisingly, relatively calm. He replied, “I know that family well. Although they seem cold and ruthless, they are reliable… As long as you don’t provoke them, they won’t do anything to you.” 
Samuel just found Ian an eyesore, that’s why he was always going against him. However, he had never harbored any thoughts of harming the Smiths. 
Sue, however, said, “But I have already made an agreement with the other party. They will give the Smiths a chance to bid for the project and I will give them money! This way, I would also become the matriarch of the Smiths. With that, won’t all the Smiths’ little opportunities to make money be ours in the future?” 
Samuel curled his lips disdainfully. “Dream on. The matriarch of the Smiths? You sure dare to dream big. With how stingy Ian is, he has all the power in the family tightly in his grasp, okay? His word is absolute in for the Smiths! Joel was personally taught and groomed by him. Do you think he will ever make you the matriarch of the Smiths? Don’t even think about it!” 
Seeing that even Samuel wasn’t cooperating with her, Sue got anxious. “Why are you being such a loser? Haven’t you ever thought of improving our family’s conditions?” 
She walked back and forth in the room. Then, she went out. “No, this won’t do. I’m calling the cops!”
Samuel was taken aback. “What are you going crazy for?” 
Sue replied, “I am a good, law-abiding citizen. Now that someone like him has broken out of jail again, I have to inform the police about it! Even if it is not for money, I am afraid that he will come over in the middle of the night and murder me! There are murder cases everywhere these days. It’s not like you haven’t seen the news!” 
Before Samuel could recover, Sue had already left. 
The forty to fifty-year-old woman was a bit chubby but didn’t look swollen. She merely looked a little well- fed. Her butt twisted from side to side as she got into the car and went straight to the nearest police station. The moment she entered, she immediately said, “Officer, I’d like to make a police report! A murderer has broken out of jail and is now hiding at the Smith Manor!” 
– 
At the Smiths. 
Karl didn’t have the time to bother with Sue after she fled. Instead, he asked, “What project is it? I can talk to them!” 
He was now a hero in the special department. Morris definitely wouldn’t reject him if he asked to give the relevant departments a heads-up. 
Joel smiled and replied, “No, it’s fine. You’ve only just returned, you should take a good bath and rest instead!” 
The fact that Karl had returned in the uniform showed that what Nora had said was all correct. From the looks of it, Karl’s identity must have been reinstated.
The obstacle standing in the way of the Smiths would go away even without him speaking with the relevant authorities. 
Upon hearing what Joel said, Karl sniffed himself. Then, he scratched his head and looked at Tanya. “Do I smell? I’ve been taking baths every day in the special department!” 
As he spoke, he even stretched his arm towards Tanya so that she could take a sniff as well. 
Tanya: “…” 
She pushed Karl’s arm away and sighed. “There are dumplings in the kitchen. Do you want some?” 
Karl’s eyes lit up. “Yes!” 
Tanya walked to the kitchen straight away. 
The servant in the kitchen said, “What do you need, Ma’am? Let me do it!” 
“No, it’s fine,” replied Tanya. Then, she took out the frozen dumplings from the refrigerator and put them in the pot. 
Karl came over. The servant smiled and said, “Mrs. Smith made these dumplings herself. She didn’t let us help at all! You’re so blessed, Mr. Moore!” 
The simple-looking Karl couldn’t stop chuckling 
Ian came downstairs at this time. 
He could get out of the wheelchair and walk with crutches by now, and his recovery was going well. When he saw Karl, he huffily asked, “Old man, why are you in my house again?”
Karl craned his neck and replied, “I don’t have a house in New York, so where my daughter is is my home!” 
When Tanya saw Ian, she asked, “Dad, would you also like a plate of dumplings?”. 
Ever since Joel started calling him “Dad”, Tanya had also changed her term of address for Ian. 
But as soon as she called him “Dad”, Karl became jealous. “Girl, why are you calling him Dad? He’s not eating!” 
Ian couldn’t help but smile. The moment the smile formed, his good looks immediately revealed themselves. He had always been an attractive man. Now that he was keeping himself well-maintained, and his cheeks had become a bit fleshier, he looked a lot younger than before. His smile was very elegant. He said, “I’ll have a plate.” 
Initially, he hadn’t wanted to eat it, but just for the sake of annoying Karl, he would have a plate of dumplings, no matter what. 
Karl said, “… My daughter made them for me! You are not allowed to eat any!” 
Ian leaned on the crutches and sneered, “This is my house! Get out of here!” 
While the two old men were arguing as if they were children, a group of police officers suddenly swarmed in through the doorway! 
There were about ten officers. All of them were wearing bulletproof vests and had surrounded the living room. Ian frowned and asked, “What’s going on?” The perspiration-soaked butler came after them and replied, “Sir, I tried to intercept them, but they refuse to listen to me…”
What accompanied his words was Sue walking in from behind the policemen. She pointed at Karl and shouted, “Officer, that’s him! He is a murderer! He even escaped from prison and stole your car!” Karl:””
###Chapter 596
Karl was still holding the bowl of dumplings that Tanya had prepared for him when the policemen surrounded him. The officer at the front looked at him warily and asked, “Who are you?” 
Karl neatened his uniform, waved, and replied, “One of you, obviously!” 
Sue immediately yelled, “You mustn’t believe him, officer! His affairs were all over the news just some time ago! Quick, arrest him! He had already escaped from jail once to attend his daughter’s wedding!” 
Someone had filmed Karl’s escape from prison to attend the wedding the other time. The video had made it to the news, making him a household name in New York. 
Therefore, the police officers had also heard a little about it. They looked at Karl in surprise. 
Karl: “…” 
He put down the bowl of dumplings, sighed, and then took out his ID from his pocket and threw it to the leading police officer from a distance. 
The man flipped open the ID. Upon seeing the badge number on it, he opened up the system and keyed in his information. Karl’s profile appeared at once. 
When he saw the words “Went undercover for 25 years. Returned to the team on XX day of XX month of XX year” among other things, he was filled with awe and respect at once. 
Sue was still sneering at them. “Tanya, you are too much! Hurry up and persuade your father to surrender! Don’t drag the Smiths into this! You mustn’t be so selfish! Now that you have become known as a murderer’s daughter, it’s already very hard for you to socialize in New York. You’ll be breaking the law if you continue to shelter a criminal! Even if you must break the law to help your father, how can you drag the Smiths? You—”
Sue was very afraid of Karl, so she was hiding behind the leading policeman as she spoke. While she was speaking, though, she saw the policeman suddenly straightening his back. Then, he saluted Karl! 
After that, with a wave from him, the other SWAT officers also immediately stood straight and put away their weapons. Then, the leading policeman walked up to Karl and respectfully returned his ID. “Thank you for your hard work!” 
Sue: “” 
Karl waved him off. “Not at all.” 
After Kal put away his credentials, just as the policemen were about to leave, he suddenly said, “There are costs for you guys to respond to a call like this, right?” 
Of course. 
It took time for everyone to gather at the training ground, collect their equipment, and set off. 
Before the leader could reply, Karl looked at Sue again and said, “You can’t just respond to a call for nothing. Why not take this woman who made the false police report back with you and educate her?” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Karl was a retiree of the special department. Morris had even given him several medals. All the contributions he had made were all apparent on his clothes in the form of medals. 
Thus, his position was much higher than the other officers’. 
Upon hearing what Karl said, the officers immediately held Sue down. 
Dumbfounded, Sue shouted, “No! I’m not…! I didn’t…! What is going on? I don’t know anything at all! …”
It was just a shame that they couldn’t hear the rest of what she said as the group of policemen was very efficient. They took her with them straightaway. 
After they left, Karl looked at Ian. “The Smiths suck. How come random people just waltz in so casually?” 
The butler came in at this point. 
To be honest, the butler had already received news of the police officers’ impending arrival before they had even arrived. He had specially asked Joel whether he should let them in or not. 
The Smith Manor wasn’t a place that they could enter just because they wanted to! 
Joel had agreed to it at that time and instructed the Smiths’ bodyguards not to get into a conflict with them. 
However, Ian and Joel couldn’t be bothered to explain. 
After mocking them about it, Karl took his bowl of dumplings and started digging in. He even said unceremoniously, “Get a room ready for me.” 
Ian looked at him frostily. “Are you even planning to take up permanent residence here?” 
“Of course.” 
Karl said, “I am now employed, so I will have to work in New York from now on. What, are you guys going to drive me away? If so, then I’ll be taking both my daughter and granddaughter with me.” 
Ian curled his lips disdainfully. “Would I be afraid of you? I just think that it’s too pitiful for you to live all by yourself! Fine, fine, stay here if that’s what you want!”
“…” 
Seeing the two of them bickering, Joel and Tanya looked at each other. 
Earlier, Tanya had no father. 
Ian had also given up on life and sought death. 
But now, it seemed like everything was developing for the better… 
— 
Nora woke up after just 48 hours this time. 
Firstly, it was because she had already made up more than thirty hours of her sleep debt previously. Secondly, it was because she had to go to the hospital to visit Quentin. Although the bone adhesion balm was great, it was necessary to reapply it every other week. 
When she stretched, she saw that both Cherry and Pete were also on her bed and taking a nap with her. 
Everyone who should know about Cherry and Pete’s identities was already aware by now, so Pete had cut his hair short while Cherry was slowly growing out her hair. 
The two little fellows’ mouths were slightly open, and they looked really cute asleep. 
While she was looking at them, Pete suddenly opened his eyes. 
Although his eyes still looked a little dazed, he quickly recovered. When he saw that she was awake, a touch of a smile formed on the little boy’s face. 
He rubbed his eyes and sat up. “Mommy, do you want a glass of water?”
Nora had been asleep for an extended period of time. Even though she had been injected with nutritional fluids, her throat was still parched and dry. She replied hoarsely, “Yeah.” 
Pete slipped off the bed at once. He was about to go out and pour her a glass of water when the door opened. Justin pushed the door open and walked in with a glass of water and a bowl of plain oatmeal. “I thought you might have woken up when I heard sounds coming from the room. Here, have some water and oatmeal.” 
Nora: “…” 
She felt a little touched. 
Her cell phone beeped just as she finished the oatmeal. She picked it up to see that it was a message from Brenda. 
The message she had sent a day ago was: “Johnson has been tried and sentenced to death. He will be executed immediately. Most of the money that Karl gave him over the years has also been recovered, but there’s nothing to be done about the portion that has been spent.” 
The message she had sent just now was: ‘Are you awake?’ 
Nora replied: ‘Yeah.’ 
Brenda called her at once. 
When Nora answered, an agitated Brenda said, “Hurry over to the special department, Nora! Ruth has managed to get those people to talk after using the plans that Black Cat drew up! As it turns out, the mysterious organization really is related to your mother! The situation is very disadvantageous for you right now!” 
Hearing this, Nora narrowed her eyes at once and said, “Okay, I’m on my way.”
###Chapter 597
After hanging up the phone, Nora stroked Pete’s head. Then, she looked at the sleeping Cherry and whispered, “Look after Cherry. Don’t let her play games all day.” 
Pete nodded seriously and replied, “Okay.” 
Nora then got up, changed, and went out. 
Justin drove her there. 
Nora was in the passenger seat. On the way to the special department, she suddenly thought of Trueman. She opened her chat record with him and found that he still hadn’t answered the question that she asked him the last time. 
Nora asked again: ‘Who plotted my pregnancy?’ 
The person who had managed to plot her pregnancy must also be capable of drugging Justin. This was definitely no simple person. 
Trueman didn’t reply to her right away. 
Nora frowned. 
As if he could sense her emotions, Justin suddenly said, “No matter what happens, it has nothing to do with you.” 
Taken aback, Nora turned to look at him. 
Justin then said, “The previous generation’s affairs have nothing to do with us. Even if your mother has really done something, it has nothing to do with you.” 
Nora lowered her eyes.
After a while, she nodded. 
To be honest, she had already seen it coming. Just like what Morris had said at the beginning, he had also suspected Yvette of being involved in the production of the gene serum. Back then, on the grounds of treating someone’s illness, Yvette had escaped after she left the police station. 
With that in mind, she arrived at the special department. 
As soon as she entered, she noticed that the way the people there looked at her had changed a little. 
Nora frowned. 
At this moment, Brenda rushed out, grabbed her, and took her straight to her office. After entering, Brenda closed the door, blocking out the gazes and gossips of the people outside. 
When she looked back behind her, she saw that Nora was already seated on the sofa in her office. 
Brenda said, “Excuse me, Nora, she is already starting to bully you. Why are you still so calm?!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Alright, tell me, how did she bully me?” 
Brenda sat in front of her and explained, “She has already made them talk. Those people are saying that your mother, Yvette Anderson, was a member of the mysterious organization! On top of that, her status in there was pretty high!” 
Nora nodded. “And then?” 
Brenda sighed. “All the bodyguards who were arrested are saying the same thing. They came back to the States this time to look for your mother! They even said that…” 
Brenda glanced at her and went on. “… that you are also involved in this. They said that you are their undercover agent.”
Following what she said, the door to Brenda’s office was pushed open. A few people from the special department stood outside, all of them staring at Nora. 
Brenda’s expression changed at once. She looked at them harshly and demanded, “What do you think you’re doing? Are you staging a rebellion?” 
The few of them hesitated for a moment. Then, they said, “Captain Brenda, it’s like this. The suspects have said that Nora is their undercover agent…” 
Brenda sneered, “And you believe them?” 
They sighed and replied, “We don’t believe them, either, but according to the regulations, we have to ask her a few questions.” 
Brenda let out a “hmph”. “What kind of questions? Don’t you know what she has done for the special department? Two days ago, it was none other than Nora who exposed Johnson’s conspiracy here and allowed one of our undercover comrades to return to the light. It was also her who let you people know who the more reliable one between Captain Johnson and Captain Ford is! But now you’re actually running over to interrogate her? Also, have you people asked Captain Ford for permission to interrogate her?” 
Reprimanded by Brenda, none of them dared to speak. 
At this moment, a voice reached them. “Don’t be mad, Captain Brenda. Everyone is just trying to do their jobs…” 
Ruth had been very popular in the special department recently because of the interrogation plan that she and Black Cat had designed. Everyone had become a believer of her.
In addition, all of them had interrogated the suspects for many days—in fact, some of them had even started to employ torture methods—yet none of them had managed to make the bodyguards talk. Despite that, Ruth’s interrogation methods had easily made them talk, which gave everyone a new perception of her interrogation abilities. 
Originally, because of the Johnson incident, everyone had distanced themselves from Ruth somewhat. However, everyone here admired capable people. 
Ruth’s ability had made everyone’s fondness for her grow exponentially. 
Moreover, because the interrogation plan was designed by Black Cat and her, Morris had left her in charge of all interrogation matters. 
Ruth looked at the two of them, a smile still on her face. Her dimples made her look like a little girl next door. 
Brenda stared at her. “What? You want to interrogate Nora too? Are you worthy of that?” 
Ruth lowered her eyes. “How would I dare to do that? I know Ms. Smith’s status in the special department is special, and also know very much just how much Captain Ford values her, so how would I possibly dare to interrogate her?” 
“Then hurry up and get the hell out of here!” Brenda shouted sharply. 
Ruth sighed. “Captain Brenda, all the bodyguards are now saying that Yvette Anderson was the second- in-command in the special department back then. She was also involved in the development of the gene serum and other issues. All of them came to the States just to search for her! Moreover, they also said that she is in possession of all the theories and mechanics of the gene serum! Yvette Anderson alone can establish another mysterious organization!”
Brenda sneered, “So? Yvette Anderson is dead!” 
Ruth looked at Nora. “But her daughter is still alive.” 
Brenda immediately said, “I didn’t know that the special department’s principles involve imposing parents’ crimes onto their children? Even the children of murderers have to be arrested, right?” 
Ruth sighed and looked at her helplessly. “As I said, Captain Brenda, we will not be arresting Ms. Smith. We just want to summon her to answer a few of our questions. Isn’t it in her interest to clear her of all suspicions as soon as possible?” 
To be honest, according to the rules and regulations, Ruth’s approach was appropriate. 
She occupied the moral high ground this time. 
On the contrary, Brenda’s interception at the moment was a bit unreasonable. 
As Yvette’s only daughter, even if Nora was not involved with the mysterious organization, she was obligated to ?ssist the special department in their investigations. 
But… when Ruth became the interrogator, there was no way Brenda would allow Nora to suffer such grievances. 
She was about to say more when Nora got up and said, “I want to interrogate the bodyguards.” 
Ruth and the others were stunned. 
A contemptuous smile immediately formed on Ruth’s countenance. At once, she said, “What do you mean by that, Ms.. Smith? I can understand if you suspect that my proposal is problematic, but this proposal was designed by Black Cat and me. Are you saying that you doubt Black Cat’s interrogation abilities?”
###Chapter 598
She was exactly the one that Nora was suspicious of! 
She narrowed her eyes and said, “I have never doubted Black Cat’s abilities.” 
Only then did Ruth nod. “In that case, you don’t need to interrogate them. Captain Brenda, if you really refuse to let us take her away, that’s okay too. I will ask her a few questions right now and right in front of you. Surely that would do, right?” 
Brenda looked at Nora. 
Nora stared at everyone outside. 
She knew that even she herself would probably have doubted someone in her position, let alone them. 
Her mother was a member of the mysterious organization. Even if she wasn’t, what was certain at the moment was that she was undoubtedly connected to the mysterious organization! 
On top of that, she was being so mysterious. They definitely wouldn’t fully trust her. 
She nodded. “Ask away.” 
As expected of someone who once dared to say on a public forum that Black Cat’s interrogation methods were problematic, Ruth was certainly skilled when it came to interrogation methods. She went straight to the crux of the matter and asked, “Ms. Smith, I’d like to ask, do you have any impression of your mother?” 
Nora remained seated on Brenda’s sofa, her posture like a big boss. Her voice was cool and crisp as she slowly replied, “If one could retain their memories from when they were a six-month-old baby, then perhaps I might still have had an impression of her.” 
Yvette had died a few months after she was born. How would she possibly have any impression of her?
Ruth then asked, “Did she leave you anything?” 
Yes, an audio recording. 
However, Nora lowered her eyes. She didn’t want them to know the content of the recording. 
She looked straight at Ruth and answered, “Yes, but it has nothing to do with the case.” 
Ruth’s voice instantly turned stern and severe. “Ms. Smith, please cooperate with our investigation! We will decide whether or not it has anything to do with the case after we verify it. Please tell us what your mother left you and where it is!” 
Nora looked straight at her. 
Ruth, however, was not afraid. She continued to stare at her as well. 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
Suddenly, it occurred to her that the Grays had wanted Anthony to marry her even after she became pregnant back then. They must have wanted something that her mother had left behind, right? 
Later, Anthony had demanded the small pharmaceutical company that her mother had left behind. She had gone to the company premises and searched it before, though, but she hadn’t found anything useful. 
And now, Ruth was asking her if her mother had left her anything… 
Although she knew that this was a step in the interrogation process and was also a necessary procedure; had it been someone else who had asked her that question, she might not have thought too much into it. But if it was Ruth… 
Nora did not speak.
The atmosphere suddenly died down. 
Even Brenda looked at Nora and said, “Nora, if it’s not very important, why don’t you show it to them?” 
“No,” 
Nora replied, “This involves my privacy. It is also my personal belonging. I have the right to refuse to show it to anyone.” 
She sounded very firm. 
Even if she were to present the audio recording, she would only let Morris listen to it. 
Brenda fell silent for a while. Then, without any hesitation, she chose to stand in front of her. She faced Ruth and said, “Nora does indeed have the right to do that.” 
Ruth, however, said aggressively, “Finding the roots of the mysterious organization and taking all of them down in one fell swoop is what matters the most right now. Ms. Smith, as a member of the special department, can’t you just cooperate with us?” 
She spoke as if Nora would be the special department’s sinner if she did not cooperate with them. 
The others also looked at her. 
Ruth went on. “Also, don’t you find your past very weird? How did you meet Dr. Silvester Zabe when you grew up in California? And how did you learn everything you know about surgery? Dr. Zabe is in New York; surely he couldn’t have run all the way to California to take you as his disciple, right?!” 
Why not…
It wasn’t just Silvester but also Quinn and… 
Nora cast her eyes down and said nothing. 
Ruth went on. “In addition, you came to New York at a time that is really too coincidental. We have already done the calculations. Not long after you came, Caleb Gray also arrived. After Gray came, Trueman Yale brought his bodyguards with him and came here too. Since then, Yale has been in constant contact with you. May I know why this is?!” 
Every word Ruth spoke was insinuating that there was something between her and Trueman. 
Nora cast her eyes down and sneered, “If it’s about that, you can ask Captain Ford about it.” 
She had always kept Morris in the loop about her communication with Trueman. 
However, Ruth said, “Are you planning to have Captain Ford protect you? What bad timing, though, because something came up, he is out today. Therefore, you must explain this clearly today. Otherwise, I’m afraid you won’t be able to leave the special department.” 
After Ruth spoke very aggressively, she stepped aside. At once, a group of SWAT officers from the special department came forward from behind her. 
Brenda frowned. “Ruth, what is the meaning of this?” 
Ruth adopted a very aggressive attitude and replied, “Captain Brenda, I am in charge of all interrogation matters. Captain Ford has also given me the right to act according to my will! Now that Nora is involved with the key figures of the case, she can only be released after she has been thoroughly interrogated. Otherwise, we have firm grounds to believe that she has relations to the mysterious organization!” 
Brenda went forward and stopped right in front of Nora. “Try taking another step forward! I’m going to see which one of you has the guts to take her to the interrogation room when I’m standing right here?!”
“We won’t take her away.” 
Ruth said, “We will interrogate her right here in your office. Give it some good thought, Ms. Smith. We will only be able to trust you if you hand over what your mother has left you!” 
After speaking, she took a step back and left straightaway. 
Brenda frowned and looked at the SWAT officers at the door. She knew that they were there to monitor them. 
Infuriated, she whipped out her cell phone at once and said, “I will call Captain Ford right now and get him to come back!” 
She was stunned for a moment. Then, she suddenly realized what was happening. “F*ck! They actually jammed the signal in my office?!” 
She looked at Nora and said, “Two days ago, when you were in a deep sleep, Captain Ford received a call for help from the border. Someone who appears to be from the mysterious organization has allegedly shown up there, so he took some men with him and immediately went over as reinforcement. Before he left, because Ruth looked like she was doing a decent job of interrogating the suspects, Captain Ford temporarily gave her the rights to interrogation. But I didn’t expect that she would actually start targeting you!” 
Brenda went out with her cell phone at once. She said, “Wait for me here, Nora. I’ll go out and find a signal and call Captain Ford! I’ll make him come back right away. Even if he can’t, I will make him call the department and release you!” 
Nora, however, leaned back on the sofa lazily and stared at the ceiling. 
Even if they couldn’t get him on the phone, Morris would have to come back the next day anyway.
No biggie, she would just sleep the day away!
###Chapter 599
Chapter 599 She’s Not Going To Put Up With It Anymore! 
After Brenda left her office, she went to the special department’s entrance. But when she dialed Morris’ number, she found that his cell phone had been switched off. 
She broke into a frown. 
When she turned to go back, she found the SWAT officers blocking her way. 
Brenda narrowed her eyes and stared at the two of them. “How dare you stop me?” 
The two replied, “Captain Brenda, we are in the process of interrogating Nora Smith at the moment. You are not from the interrogation unit, so you are not allowed to enter your office.” 
Brenda immediately sneered, “Is that so?” 
She rolled up her sleeves at once and said, “Let’s see if you two can stop me, then!” 
Then, she went on the offensive right away. 
In no time, she had flipped the two officers onto the floor. Only then did Brenda dust her hands off and continue walking forward. 
However, the other people at the door blocked her way once more. Brenda stared at them. “Are you sure you want to go against me?” 
The few of them looked at one another. At last, they sighed and said, “Captain Brenda, we were assigned this task! We will unconditionally obey all orders related to interrogation!” 
Brenda: “!!”
She was livid. She let out an icy laugh and said, “Fine. Then you guys can come and try me!” But as soon as she said that, Nora’s calm and dispassionate voice traveled over. “Forget it.” 
Taken aback, Brenda looked at her. 
With the SWAT officers in between them, Nora said to her, “You will only be detained along with me if you come back. It’s more comfortable outside. Why don’t you go home for now?” 
“You have been detained? How does Ruth have the right to detain you?!” 
Nora shrugged. “Who knows?”. 
Brenda took a deep breath, turned, and started walking out. “I’ll go and look for Justin right away, Nora!” 
Seeing that Brenda had left, Nora returned to the room. 
She closed the curtains and looked at Brenda’s white sofa. 
That woman sure knew how to enjoy life. There was even a white fluffy blanket on the sofa that suited lying down just right. Nora could almost imagine Brenda’s lazy and charming appearance as she lay down on it. She shook her head, walked over, and lay down. 
She would just catch up on sleep. 
In the other room, Ruth stared at the monitor showing what was happening in Brenda’s office. 
The surveillance cameras were newly-installed, but she could already see Nora lying on the sofa. 
She bit her lip. Suddenly, she said to the person next to her, “Go there and do this…” 
When she was done speaking, a hesitant look came over the countenance of the person next to her. “Isn’t that kinda inappropriate, Ruth? Nora is also a member of the special department after all.”
Ruth looked at him at once. “Do you still think of her as part of the special department? Don’t forget, her mother is the backbone of the mysterious organization! If it weren’t for her mother, the gene serum would never have emerged into the world! How many people have died because of the gene serum all these years? And how many children did they kidnap for human experiments back then?!” 
Ruth gritted her teeth hatefully. “More than twenty years ago, as many as a thousand children had gone missing in the country. It was only in the end that it was discovered that they had been captured by the mysterious organization. It was only after they conducted brutal and inhumane experiments on the children that the gene serum was created! The members of the mysterious organization are simply devoid of all conscience! All these years, in order to capture the mysterious organization, how many of our comrades have we sacrificed? Now that Nora Smith holds clues to the mysterious organization, why should she be allowed to keep mum about it? Just do what I say! I will bear all the consequences!” 
The person felt that Ruth was right, yet also not. 
For a while, he didn’t know what to say. In the end, he could only say, “… Alright, I guess.’ 
Elsewhere, Nora was lying on the sofa. 
While she was resting, someone suddenly rushed into the room. 
Nora opened her eyes to see a few people from the special department. They took a lamp and switched it on with a loud snap. After the lamp was switched on, piercing light illuminated the whole room, making it as bright as day! 
Nora frowned. 
She knew that this was an interrogation tactic. High-intensity light like this would irritate people and make them uncomfortable. Even if they closed their eyes, they wouldn’t be able to fall asleep.
She clicked her tongue coldly. 
So, was Ruth planning to use these interrogation tactics on her? 
She raised her eyebrows and looked at the person who had switched on the lamp. The person glanced at her and tried to persuade her. “Ms. Smith, why don’t you show us what your mother left you? Don’t try to tough it out anymore. Even if Captain Ford comes back, he still has to act according to the regulations!” 
Nora replied detachedly, “No.” 
The man sighed. He could only leave the room. 
At the door, Ruth stood there and looked at her with a smile. “Ms. Smith, we have no choice but to do this. After all, this is a standard tactic. I hope you can understand! Of course, if you hand it over now, I can remove the lamp at once.” Nora lowered her eyes and said nothing. 
Seeing how she looked as if she didn’t want to talk, Ruth said, “Since you haven’t decided to make the right decision yet, you can continue to give it more thought!” 
After speaking, she left and closed the door with a bang. 
Ruth had already asked around a long time ago 
-sleep was the most important thing to Nora. Now that she couldn’t sleep, she would definitely be exceptionally anxious while being detained in there! 
In the room. 
Nora leaned on the sofa and stared at the lamp.
The light was very glaring. After she closed her eyes for a while, she found that she really couldn’t quite fall asleep. Moreover, with such a strong light stimulating her senses, she started to become a little irritated, making her seem a little impatient. 
She decided not to put up with this anymore.
###Chapter 600
Chapter 600 Black Cat! 
Initially, Nora had thought that even though it was obvious that Ruth was making things difficult for her, she was indeed acting according to regulations. 
After interrogating the suspects and finding out that the mysterious organization’s ultimate mastermind was Yvette, she should indeed interrogate Nora. 
But Nora was not just anybody. She was internal personnel of the special department. 
Even if they wanted to interrogate her, they should have asked Morris for permission first. After all, she was someone whom Morris had specially recruited! 
When Ruth detained her and forbade her from leaving, she could understand and think of it as Ruth trying to prevent her from taking the opportunity to escape in case she really was involved with the mysterious organization. 
Therefore, she had intended to cooperate with them in the beginning. 
After all, once Morris returned, the truth would come to light. 
That was why she had comforted Brenda and told her to leave just now. 
But Ruth was actually installing a light like that in her room? 
What kind of attitude was that? 
Even in a normal interrogation, they should not be employing torture methods when there was no evidence of her involvement with the mysterious organization!
Nora closed her eyes and experienced for herself the pain and agony of someone under interrogation. Ten minutes later, she ultimately decided not to go against herself anymore. 
Thus, she picked up her cell phone, tapped away on it a little, and sent out a signal from the room whose signal had been jammed. About five minutes later. 
The SWAT officers from the special department looked warily at Nora who had exited the room. 
She stood there, thin and frail and standing at a height of 5’7, yet all the men felt pressured by her presence. 
“What’s going on?” 
Ruth came over and asked. At the sight of Nora, her pupils shrank. “A-are you actually thinking of escaping? Nora, do you have a guilty conscience?!” 
Nora flexed her wrists a little. “No, I just think that getting this over with quickly would be better.” 
Ruth was taken aback. “What do you mean ‘get it over with quickly’?!” 
As soon as she said that, Nora, who was in front of her, suddenly hooked her toes around the chair next to her. Then, she applied some force and the chair flew straight towards Ruth! 
Ruth screamed and tried to duck. But would the target of Nora’s attack be able to avoid her?! 
Bang! 
The chair crashed into Ruth, grazing her forehead and making her head buzz from the impact. She demanded furiously, “Nora, what are you doing?! Are you trying to break out of jail?!” 
After shouting at her, she looked behind her at the SWAT officers and shouted, “What are you people still in a daze for? She is attacking us! Hurry up and arrest her!”
The SWAT officers took a step forward. Just as they were about to attack, Nora suddenly whipped out her cell phone-Morris’ face was displayed on the screen. 
Nora hadn’t had enough sleep, so she was very grumpy at the moment. 
She felt a lot better after she hit Ruth. Only then did she say, “Captain Ford, go ahead and tell them what you have to say!” 
At the sight of Morris, Ruth’s pupils shrank. 
… Impossible! 
There was no signal at the area where Morris was. She had only started to target Nora after she confirmed that Morris was unreachable by phone, so how did she manage to give him a video call?! 
On the screen, Morris’ lip corners were also twitching The woman obviously could have taken out her cell phone right away, yet she had to get violent instead… 
Never mind. 
Morris coughed and said, “Nora is someone that I specially recruited. Before recruiting her into the special department, I have already thoroughly investigated everything about her! She has nothing to do with the mysterious organization! In addition, I have been constantly kept in the loop about her communication with Trueman Yale. It was also because of her contact with Yale that we were able to pinpoint his place of residence and arrest those suspects.” 
His words clearly explained what had happened to everyone. 
The members of the special department’s interrogation unit understood at once that they didn’t need to interrogate Nora at all. The members of the special department didn’t have any feelings for Nora. After
all, she was cold and distant in nature. Although she held a position in the special department, she hardly came to work. 
However, the members of the special department trusted Morris a lot, especially after the Johnson incident. 
Therefore, what Morris said must be true. 
Moreover, given Morris’ high position in the department, if he was willing to be Nora’s guarantor, then they should not be interrogating Nora anymore. 
Ruth also understood this. Even though she was filled with hatred, she knew that she had already missed the opportunity to do anything, so she did not dare to say any more. 
Without Johnson providing her cover, everything she did now must be logical and reasonable in order for her to be able to stand her ground. 
Thus, she said, “Since Captain Ford has put it that way, then Ms. Smith can go. However, since her mother is related to the case, then it stands to reason that Ms. Smith should stay away from the investigation to avoid suspicion! Therefore, shouldn’t Ms. Smith stop participating in further interrogations related to the case, Captain Ford?” Even if she couldn’t bring her down, she would drive her away! 
Morris hadn’t even spoken yet when Nora herself said, “Sure.” 
Nora looked at the people in front of her lazily. 
To be honest, there were indeed people who really couldn’t fit into the team atmosphere after joining the group halfway. 
Moreover, she had always come and gone alone. During this period of time in the special department, she hadn’t felt any concern from them at all, either. All she had experienced was just pressure and
restrictions. 
She had already wanted to leave the special department a long time ago. 
However! 
Nora went on. “Let me interrogate those people before I go. After I am sure that they are telling the truth, I will leave.” Her mother was indeed involved with the mysterious organization. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have told her to keep a low profile, bide her time, and avoid standing out, lest she attracted the mysterious organization’s attention and put herself in danger. 
But if her mother really was the leader of the mysterious organization, then why hadn’t she gone abroad and met up with the mysterious organization after she fled from New York back then? 
Given how the mysterious organization could move Trueman to places without anyone realizing it, wouldn’t it also be a piece of cake for them to move her mother somewhere else back then? 
Yet they hadn’t! 
Not only had they not done that, but Yvette had even gone to California, where she spent the rest of her life. On top of that, she even married a little ruffian like Henry Smith and entrusted herself to him. 
Something was definitely wrong! 
While she was contemplating, Ruth said sarcastically, “Ms. Smith, I have already talked about this just now. Even if you don’t trust me, don’t you trust Black Cat? It’s impossible for the interrogation proposal that I designed with Black Cat to have flaws.” 
Black Cat…
Tsk. 
After the spotlight incident, she felt extremely disgusted that how the woman was using her to brag. 
Nora’s lip corners suddenly curled into a smile and she sneered, “Do you really know Black 
Cat?” 
Ruth raised her chin at once. “Of course. Black Cat and I are very good friends. Our colleagues have already seen us when we were discussing the proposal together the other time…” But as soon as she said that, Nora retorted dispassionately, “But Black Cat doesn’t know 
you!”

###Chapter 601
Black Cat didn’t know her? 
Ruth’s pupils shrank and her head whipped towards Nora. She clenched her fists nervously and retorted, “What? I don’t understand what you’re saying!” 
“Oh, you don’t? Then I’ll explain it to you carefully.” 
Nora hadn’t slept well, and on top of that, she had only eaten a bowl of oatmeal after she woke up, so she was a little tired. She suddenly pulled a chair next to her over and sat with the back of the chair facing her. She propped her arms on the back of the chair and slowly said, “You’re aware that Karl has been acquitted, right?” 
Black Cat was the number one ?ssassin in Karl’s Assassin Alliance. However, outsiders were completely unaware that Karl had never actually met Black Cat before. 
Following what Nora was saying, everyone immediately understood that she had met the real Black Cat before. 
Everyone in the special department gasped. 
Nora stared at Ruth. The wound on her forehead was still bleeding. She was holding a tissue against the wound, but her eyes were already starting to become evasive. Nevertheless, she said insistently, “Yeah, I know that, but I have no idea what you are trying to say.” 
Nora sighed. She said solemnly, “Aren’t you very smart? Yet you don’t even understand something as simple as this? Then let me put it more bluntly for you!” 
She slowly said, “Black Cat said that they don’t know you at all. So, which Black Cat did you design the so-called interrogation plan with?” 
Ruth choked on her breath. 
Of course, she knew that the Black Cat she had spoken with was a fake. 
She was about to use the same trick again when Nora said lightly, “Surely that Black Cat of yours didn’t also deceive you, right?” 
Ruth: “!!” 
During all her previous interactions with Nora, she had always found the woman very stupid, and thought that she didn’t really know how to speak properly. She didn’t expect that she would also know how to diss someone! 
Her rhetorical question had rendered Ruth speechless. Her throat moved a little, but even after a long while, she still couldn’t squeeze even a word out of her mouth. 
It was surprisingly Nora who couldn’t be bothered with her anymore. She looked straight at her cell phone and said to Morris, “I’m going to interrogate those few suspects.” 
“Okay.” 
Morris agreed without any hesitation.
Ever since the Johnson incident, because of Morris’ meritorious contributions, the word “acting” had been removed from the front of his job title. He could now make the decisions for everything pertaining to the special department. 
Now that he had spoken, those who had obeyed Ruth’s instructions were no longer under her control. 
Nora walked straight to the interrogation room. 
Morris picked a few people to work with her. 
Mark and a few others who had cooperated with Ruth also awkwardly stood where they were. In particular, the staff member who had installed the spotlight in Nora’s room for Ruth just now felt even more embarrassed. He couldn’t help but stare at Ruth and say, “As it turns out, you don’t know Black Cat at all? You are so full of lies. Which sentence of yours is actually true?!” 
Ruth bit her lip. 
She clenched her fists tightly. A short while later, she suddenly looked at the man and retorted, “Regardless of whether I know Black Cat or not, the interrogation proposal I produced has indeed yielded useful information, and that is what I am capable of!” 
The way people all around looked at her suddenly changed. 
In particular, Damon immediately said, “Previously, I thought you were just deceived by a fake Q, but you actually used the same trick time and again. I have finally seen your true colors!” 
Ruth knew that she couldn’t carry on the act anymore. With nothing else to lose, she threw the handle after the blade. 
She took a deep breath and said, “Yes, I don’t know Q or Black Cat, I made up all of it! But my ability is real! There is absolutely no problem with that interrogation proposal!” 
Then, she looked at Nora’s back and followed after her. 
The others also followed after her. 
Ruth stared at Nora and sneered, “You just don’t give up, do you? So, you don’t believe that all of this has something to do with your mother and that your mother is the mysterious organization’s second-in- command? Okay then, go ahead and interrogate them yourself! Let’s see what you can get out of them!” 
There was anger in her words. 
But at the same time, there was confidence! 
Her interrogation methods were viable and were the real deal! 
Besides, the bodyguards had all been trained by the mysterious organization, and would never easily reveal the mysterious organization’s location. How would they possibly tell the truth? 
By stupidly going over to interrogate them, Nora was doing nothing more than a final struggle. 
She knew that whatever Nora was about to do was nothing more than a few tips the real Black Cat had given her. However! When it came to interrogation, the actual person had to be present in order for it to work. 
Black Cat’s capabilities weren’t something that one could learn with just a few words.
If that was possible, Black Cat could just publish a book. Why would everyone have to admire Black Cat so much? 
Black Cat had their own style and momentum! 
Therefore, Ruth was confident that nothing would come out of Nora’s interrogation! 
Nora ignored her. Before she entered the interrogation room, her cell phone vibrated. She looked down to see that it was actually a reply from Trueman. 
This time, Trueman did not dodge her questions. Instead, he answered her questions directly. 
Her question was: ‘Who plotted my pregnancy?’ 
Trueman’s answer, however, made her pupils shrink. 
Nora cast her eyes down. A moment later, she put down her cell phone and instructed the people accompanying her, “You guys wait outside. I will go in alone.” 
The special department staff members wanted to say something, but the video call with Morris was still connected, so he said, “Do as she says.” 
With that, all of them stood outside the door. 
Nora entered the interrogation room and closed the door. 
The moment the door closed, all the sounds outside were cut off. All the sounds inside the interrogation room were also isolated. 
She knew that if Nora got a different answer from hers in her interrogation, then she would most likely be fired from the special department.
But… there was no way Nora would be able to get anything out of them. 
She comforted herself. 
In the interrogation room. 
Nora sat opposite one of the bodyguards. The bodyguard, who was shackled down with iron chains, was seated opposite her. The two looked at each other. Suddenly, Nora asked, “You said that my mother was involved with the mysterious organization, right?” 
The bodyguard nodded. “Yes.” 
Nora cast her eyes down. “Is that really true?” 
The bodyguard nodded again. “Yes, it is. Our purpose in coming to the United States this time is precisely to take over what she has left behind. You are her descendant! So that makes you a member of the mysterious organization too!” 
Nora stared at him. “I will ask you once more—is what you just said true?” 
“Yes, it’s true.” 
The bodyguard answered firmly. 
“Oh, okay.” Nora got onto her feet and disconnected the video call with Morris.. Then, she flexed her wrists and said, “In that case, the interrogation officially begins now.” 
###Chapter 602
“The interrogation officially begins”? 
The bodyguard was dumbfounded. Before he could understand what was going on, Nora suddenly came up to him. With a lazy demeanor and a bit of impatience in her facial expression, she stretched out her hand… 
“Ahhhh!!” 
A sharp cry of pain came from the interrogation room. 
Even the interrogation room’s great soundproofing couldn’t completely drown out the cry, which went to show just how loud the man in the interrogation room had been. 
The people outside became nervous at once. 
Damon and Mark went up to the door to the interrogation room and looked inside worriedly. They called out, “Ms. Smith? Ms. Nora Smith? Are you okay?” 
But apart from cries of pain, no other sound came out of the room. 
Damon couldn’t help but ask, “That guy couldn’t have broken free and ?ssaulted Ms. Smith, right?” 
A look of worry also came over Mark’s countenance. 
Ruth stood at the side and scoffed inwardly. Here she was, thinking that Black Cat had really imparted a skill or two to Nora. As it turned out, they had just told her to torture them, that was all. 
This was against the law! 
Nora must have given up on herself after making up her mind to leave the special department, right? 
When it came to things like torture, every report made was taken seriously.
She had a lot of faith in the well-trained members of the mysterious organization. 
While she was thinking about it, cries of pain traveled over from the room one after another. She leaned against the wall outside leisurely. 
After waiting for a full ten minutes, the door to the interrogation room suddenly opened. 
Nora walked out of it calmly. 
There seemed to be a little displeasure on her countenance, making the hearts of the people outside sink. 
Ruth, however, became excited. She immediately said, “Nora, did you get anything out of them? Or did you not manage to get them to say anything at all? Or did you get the same answer as I did just now? Also, you tortured him just now, right? Is the information received through such methods reliable? Will he give you false evidence?” 
Nora stared at her. “I didn’t torture him.” 
“You didn’t?” Ruth sneered, “How can that be? The man’s voice was close to shooting up to the high heavens just now, we all heard it. Are you still trying to deny it?! Heh, I’m going in to have a look!” 
She went straight into the interrogation room. 
What the two of them were thinking, though, was that if Nora had really tortured the suspect, then they must find a way to cover it up for her. 
Unexpectedly, when the three of them entered the interrogation room, they instead found the bodyguard drenched in sweat. Cold sweat was dripping from his forehead, but he actually didn’t look like he had suffered any injuries!
Ruth refused to give up. She took a step forward and checked the person’s vitals, but she couldn’t find anything wrong with him. 
Ruth hesitated. 
Did she really not torture him? 
Why was Nora so mysterious in everything she did, though? She really didn’t know what she had done just now. However, Ruth suddenly didn’t dare to let her make contact with the other suspects anymore. 
She frowned and looked straight at Damon. She said, “Nora must not have gotten anything out of them, but we clearly heard something just now. Therefore, we mustn’t let her interrogate the rest of the suspects!” 
Damon lowered his head. He, who had no affection for Ruth whatsoever, didn’t feel like listening to Ruth talk at all at the moment. 
Ruth wanted to say more, but Nora’s low voice had already traveled over. “He has confessed everything. Re-interrogate him and get a statement from him.” 
Everyone: “” 
Ruth: “” 
After Nora said that, she glanced at the bodyguard in the interrogation room. 
The simple glance from her actually made the bodyguard shudder all over. The big burly man had always been rational and aggressive before this, but it was as if he had become a completely different person. 
Stunned, Ruth asked, “What did she do to you?”
What did she do to him? 
The thought of what had taken place just now terrified the bodyguard. 
He swallowed and suddenly said, “I’ll confess! I’ll confess everything! Don’t let her interrogate me anymore! She’s the devil himself! The devil!!!” 
“…”
###Chapter 603
Half an hour later, a dispirited Ruth walked out of the interrogation room with the others. 
All of them had rather awful looks on their faces as they looked at Ruth. Mark said, “I will send the new information from the interrogation to Captain Ford right away. As for how you will be dealt with, it’s up to Captain Ford.” 
After speaking, he hurriedly walked to the side and called Morris to give him a report. 
The others stared at Ruth. 
Five minutes later, Mark returned. 
He stared at Ruth and said, “Captain Ford says that the special department does not need a hypocrite like you. Please leave!!” 
Ruth might have deceived them, but her academic qualifications were real. Her claims of knowing Q and Black Cat were all made verbally, so there was no actual accountability to be held. 
It was just like how a lot of ordinary people would brag and claim that they knew certain high-ranking officials. Even if one saw through their lies, could they arrest him? 
As long as they didn’t make use of that to break the law, no one could arrest them. 
Ruth hadn’t broken the law either. If one must say that she had made a mistake, then it would just be negligence at work at most. Her academic qualifications and so on were all real. The interrogation plans she had produced were also all rigorous and backed up by science. 
It was just that the information she received from the interrogation was different from the final answer. 
Ruth bit her lip. Even without her looking up, she could still feel the gazes from the people around her. She balled up her hands and suddenly shouted, “You can’t do this to me! Captain Ford can’t do this to
me! Be it my interrogation methods or the statements, none of it is wrong! Nora’s mother really is the mysterious organization’s second-in-command! There is no doubt about that!” 
Seeing that she was still unrepentant, Mark sighed and said, “But she has already betrayed the mysterious organization! You didn’t manage to get them to tell you this critical fact! That makes the statement you got the complete opposite!” 
Yes, that’s right… 
Yvette had indeed been the second-in-command in the mysterious organization. In fact, she had even been a key figure in the gene serum’s research and development. However, she had later betrayed the mysterious organization and fled back to the United States. 
After being arrested in the country, the reason why she had fled from prison was also to escape the mysterious organization’s pursuit! That was why she had escaped to California! 
Also! 
When Yvette escaped, she had taken away a key part of the mysterious organization’s research and development of the gene serum. As a result, their gene serum research and development had been missing something all these years. All the gene serums they had developed were also incomplete. 
This was why the people who consumed the gene serum either went crazy or died. 
Why had Yvette betrayed the mysterious organization? The bodyguards did not know the reason. All they knew was that the purpose of them coming to the United States was to take back from Yvette’s successor everything that had belonged to the mysterious organization. 
It could be said that based on Ruth’s interrogation results, Nora had become the enemy of the special department.
But when one looked at the final interrogation results instead, not only was Nora not their enemy, but she was even in the same camp as the special department. 
These were two completely different conclusions. 
As for whether it was Ruth’s lack of ability that led to her failure to uncover the final conclusion or a deliberate act on her part, Morris couldn’t be bothered to pursue this. 
At least, on the surface, she was no longer suitable to stay in the special department. 
Meanwhile. 
Nora was outside the interrogation room. She had also interrogated the other bodyguards. The answers she got from them were the same. 
She clenched her jaw. 
She picked up her cell phone and looked at Trueman’s reply to her text message: 
“Your pregnancy was out of everyone’s expectations. After an investigation into it, we were able to confirm that your mother was the one who had set up the whole thing. You should be aware that she made a deal with Caleb, but she deceived him, as well as the rest of us all. The original agreement between Caleb and her was that once you came of age, she would return to the organization what she had stolen while you married into the Grays. But for some reason, she broke the agreement. Your mother has never been someone trustworthy!” 
Nora stared at the text message. 
What she remembered of her mother was that she had fled to California behind Ian’s back. She was the one who had left her the audio recording in California, as well as the one who had made various arrangements for her future.
After she came to New York, she had also learned from other people what her mother had been like. Therefore, the image she had of her mother had gradually started to take a clear shape in her mind. 
Even if she had never felt her mother’s embrace before, the impression she had of her mother was now that of a strong, independent, powerful, and unrestrained woman. 
She was the center of attention that even young and talented men like Ian had pursued. It could be said that she was someone whom almost everyone looked up to. 
The Carefree Pill she had developed on a whim had become sought after by all after she improved its formula. 
Her prowess in alternative medicine was recognized by everyone in the field. Even Jon, no matter how much he disliked her, always looked like he thought of her as a talented person whenever he mentioned her. 
Everyone who had lived in the same era as her mother called her a legend whenever they mentioned her. 
She was just like the sun—alive and vibrant, yet also enviable. 
People only had praise for her whenever they mentioned her name! 
Yet, she had really once been a member of the mysterious organization… On top of that, she had even made use of a method like artificial insemination to make her daughter pregnant! 
She took a deep breath, Caleb’s words suddenly flashing across her mind: “… the final truth will definitely be cruel.” 
Nora clenched her hands into fists.
But for her… 
Why on earth would she want to plot against her own daughter like that?! 
She had always hated how her life was out of her own control. Becoming pregnant was the only thing in her life that had deviated from her expectations. 
She could only say that she was fortunate that Justin was the children’s father. But… what if she hadn’t fallen in love with Justin her whole life? Would those two children have been destined to grow up without a mother or a father?! 
For a moment there, her feelings towards Yvette became rather complicated. 
At this time, Morris finally came back. 
He looked like he was in a hurry. From the looks of it, he had just gotten off the helicopter. After entering the special department, he immediately made eye contact with Nora. 
Then, he took a deep breath and said, “You can’t leave.” 
Nora didn’t respond. She was uninhibited by nature, and such a lifestyle of having to adhere to rules and regulations in everything she did actually didn’t suit her. 
Besides, now that they had figured out the truth, she didn’t feel that there was a need for her to stay anymore. 
She didn’t speak, her stance clear. 
Morris gazed at her. A while later, he finally heaved a sigh. “Never mind. It’s only because certain people in the department disappointed you.” 
His gaze swept towards Mark and the others nearby.
Mark and the others hung their heads at once. 
Cooperating with Ruth to interrogate Nora was indeed something that filled them with guilt. 
Nora said, “It’s nothing.” 
She wasn’t planning on holding those things against them—because she had never once regarded Mark and the others as friends. 
Seeing how indifferent she was, Morris kept quiet for a moment before he finally said, “If you want to leave, then why don’t you pay Caleb Gray one last visit? He probably has something to tell you.” 
Nora was a little surprised. She then turned and walked towards Caleb’s interrogation room. 
In the hall. 
With a sharp look in his eyes, Morris stared at the people who had cooperated with Ruth. He pointed at them and said, “Do you guys know what you have done wrong?!” 
However, they didn’t know what Morris was upset about. Someone among them even said with dissatisfaction, “Captain Ford, we were just following procedure. We can apologize to Ms. Smith.” 
“It’s too late.” 
Morris knew that Nora would never turn back once she made up her mind. 
He also knew that everything that took place in the special department during this period of time had immensely disappointed her. 
Those people curled their lips disdainfully. “That’s Ms. Smith being petty, then. Is there anyone here who wouldn’t have the occasional disagreement with one another? How is it that she’s the only…”
But before he could finish his sentence, Morris’ gaze had already swept towards him, causing him to shut up. 
“Isn’t she just a forensic doctor? What’s she being so arrogant for?!” 
Someone muttered under their breath. 
When Morris heard this, he sneered, “A forensic doctor? Do you think she is just a forensic doctor?! The way I see it, you still don’t understand what you have missed out on!” 
“What else could it be…” 
The man replied with dissatisfaction. 
At the side, as Damon stared after Nora, for some reason, he couldn’t help but feel like there was some sort of mysterious and unfathomable aura around her. He suddenly asked, “She’s… not Q, is she?” 
Morris didn’t say anything. 
He did not deny it, but he did not refute him either. 
Damon’s eyes gradually widened. He thought of some of the things they had done to Nora after she joined the special department and he held his head in regret. “If… if she really is Q, then… my god, what have I done to her?!” 
The person next to him was taken aback when he heard him. However, even though Q was a god to the people in the IT department, they were nothing to them. Thus, he said, “What’s the big deal about people like Q and Y? At the bottom of it all, they are just hackers. For the special department, it’s Black Cat who is the most impressive! As long as she isn’t Black Cat, our loss is negligible!” 
But as soon as he said that, someone nearby poked him.
In a low voice, he said, “After she interrogated the bodyguards just now, the bodyguards called her the devil and revealed everything…” 
As soon as he said that, the whole place suddenly fell silent. 
A short while later, someone murmured, “S-surely not…? Could it be that…”
###Chapter 604
Chapter 604 The Truth From Back Then! 
“Impossible! If she’s Q, how can she be Black Cat?” 
Someone could not believe it. “Besides, Miss Smith doesn’t look like one to dirty her hands. A delicate young mistress can’t be the number one killer.” 
The number one killer was a top-secret agent! 
Such a person must have trained every muscle in their body. Furthermore, they probably had to train every day. Miss Smith was so free. She was either sleeping or preparing to sleep at all times. How could it be her? 
When this was said, everyone believed it. 
After all, in the special department, those who maintained their muscles really needed to train every day. However, Nora looked thin and weak. She could not be that strong. 
Someone else said, “She was interrogating those people earlier. Black Cat must have given her some tips!” 
This thought seemed to make everyone feel more comfortable and accept it. After all, if Nora was Black Cat, that would be too inconceivable. Therefore, everyone nodded and echoed this thought. 
Morris was not sure if Nora was Black Cat, either. 
However, in terms of martial arts, Nora was Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister. He felt that since she was Q and Big Sister, there was a high chance that she was Black Cat. After all, Black Cat was a
top-secret agent and a special-class killer. No matter what they did, other than strong martial arts and intelligence, they also needed a good grasp of technology. 
Forget about the uncertainty. 
However… 
Morris slowly said, “Black Cat’s identity is mysterious. It’s not something that can be seen through by any ordinary person. Black Cat isn’t someone that just anyone can hire. However, Nora knows Karl. He might be the person who understands Black Cat the most.” 
When the people heard this, they were a little indignant. “Karl is also one of us now. Can’t we just get Karl to invite Black Cat? She knows Black Cat probably through Karl, right?” 
As soon as someone said this, Morris’s voice turned cold. He smiled sarcastically and said, “You have the cheek to mention Karl?” 
Everyone shut their mouths at once. 
Morris’s gaze swept across everyone’s faces coldly and he said word by word, “You guys always say that Nora is useless. Then I’ll help you guys count how many things she has done for us since she joined the special department!” 
“She was the one who lured Trueman out and gave us a chance to capture him. Regardless of whether she’s Q or not, she was the one who gave us Trueman’s location. Otherwise, our Internet department wouldn’t even be able to compare to the experts on Trueman’s side. We couldn’t locate him at all! Furthermore, it was her who fixed the network department’s bugs!” 
Damon’s face turned red.
Morris looked at Mark again. “It was also her who set up a trap at the last minute and exposed Captain Johnson’s true face. She also proved our hero Karl’s innocence. Otherwise, Karl would have been killed by you already, right?! You still want to find Black Cat through Karl? Heh…” 
Mark was embarrassed and lowered his head. 
“So, what right do you have to judge Nora here? Not to mention her identity, just going by her contribution to the special department, who can compare to her?” 
Morris’s every word pierced into the hearts of these people. The entire place fell silent. No one raised any ions. 
Morris saw that the people had finally shut their mouths and looked at Mark. “Come here.” 
Mark followed behind Morris, and the two of them walked to the side. 
Morris suddenly said, “Take a few people and monitor Ruth 24/7! You must catch her!” 
Mark looked at him in a daze. “Captain Ford, you’re…” 
His eyes lit up. “You’re suspecting Ruth?” 
Morris lowered his eyes. Of course, Ruth was suspicious! She first interrogated the four bodyguards, and the answers she got were all aimed at Nora. If Nora had not interrogated the bodyguards again, she might have been implicated by Ruth. She might even have had to leave the country, right? 
Moreover, after detaining Nora, she took advantage of the time when his phone had no signal to interrogate Nora. It was as if she was afraid that he would not give her this chance.
Furthermore… he had received news of the mysterious organization and the other party had deliberately set up a signal jammer nearby. Wasn’t this too much of a coincidence? 
If Nora had not hacked the jamming device and forcefully contacted him, he might still have been outside! 
There were too many coincidences, so many that he could not help but suspect Ruth. 
Before Morris could answer, Mark instantly stood up. “Captain Ford, don’t worry. I promise to complete the mission this time!” Morris nodded. On the other hand, Nora entered Caleb’s interrogation room and saw Caleb was reading something. His cough seemed to have improved a lot and was not as frequent as before. 
Hearing this, Caleb turned to look at her and said, “Your medicine is not bad.” 
Before this, Nora had given Sheril a formula and asked her to help concoct a bottle of medicine. Although it could not treat lung cancer, it could slow down his cough. 
Nora nodded. “I’ll further refine it for you later.” 
Caleb was silent for a moment before suddenly saying, “Then you have to speed up.”7 
Nora: “?” 
She was stunned for a moment and looked at Caleb in confusion. 
Caleb put down the book and poured a cup of tea for Nora. His treatment here had clearly improved. “I’m afraid I’ll leave soon.” 
Nora paused. “Where are you going?”
“Back to the mysterious organization.” 
Caleb said slowly. 
His words stunned Nora. 
If he was imprisoned here, how could he return to the mysterious organization? 
Nora had just thought of this when Caleb answered her doubts. “I chatted with Captain Ford.” 
Nora instantly understood. 
Karl’s identity had already been revealed, and he was no longer suitable to be a spy overseas. So Morris had instigated Caleb? 
Nora was stunned. 
Caleb’s status in the mysterious organization should be quite high. How could he be persuaded to defect so easily? 
As she was thinking, she heard Caleb suddenly say, “Actually, I’m the same as your mother.” 
The same… 
Nora looked at him directly. “What do you mean? Do you know why she betrayed the mysterious organization back then?” 
“Yes.” 
Caleb replied calmly and pointed to the chair opposite him. “Sit. There are some things I want to tell you.”
Nora was really only here to say goodbye. After all, she had left the special department. It was indeed inconvenient to see him again in the future. 
But she did not expect Caleb to suddenly reveal the truth from back then?! 
What had Yvette done back then?
###Chapter 605
Chapter 605 Why Are You Pregnant?! 
Nora sat opposite Caleb and looked at this man who was getting thinner and thinner because of lung cancer. His deep eyes were filled with helplessness as if he had seen through the world. 
Those eyes made him look more refined. 
He slowly said, “Do you know how your mother joined the mysterious organization?” 
Nora shook her head. “No.” 
Caleb slowly said, “Actually, she was tricked into it.” 
Nora was surprised. Caleb continued, “The mysterious organization was a small society. Your mother was deliberately set up with difficult questions and baited by them to join, but she had no idea what the organization was really doing… Your mother was only interested in genetic modification. Human genes always have defects. Think about it, who wouldn’t want their genes to be perfect? Your mother was virtuous and her research in medicine had already reached the peak back then. 
Everyone in the country said that Dr. Zabe’s alternative medicine was the best, but that was not the case. Back then, the best in alternative medicine was actually your mother. It was just that she was still young and could not compare to Dr. Zabe in terms of seniority. 
That’s why she was targeted by the mysterious organization. 
The leader of the mysterious organization was famous for his academic research. He often discussed medicine with your mother and threw out all kinds of difficult questions about the production of gene serums. 
Your mother used up all her wits and answered whatever questions she could every time. Over time, your mother started sensing that something was wrong, so she asked the leader. 
The leader invited your mother to visit their dream factory overseas. Only then did your mother discover the true identity of the mysterious organization!” 
Caleb lowered his eyes. “Do you know what the mysterious organization has done?” 
Nora shook her head. “I don’t really know.” 
Caleb took a deep breath and said slowly, “The mysterious organization studied the gene serum. In the beginning, they tested it on adults and realized that their genes had already been rigidly fixed. It was not viable to change them again. Most of the people who had been injected with the gene serum either turned crazy or exploded. Therefore, they changed their strategy. Only experiments on some children could succeed. Therefore, in that year, they bought a thousand children who had been abducted or abandoned all over the world. Most of those children were just born and were not even three years old. 
Those children all became the subjects of their experiments. They often injected drugs and extracted blood from them. Some even treated them as Petri dishes to see the effects. They sized up the viruses and bacterias. Some even deliberately injected the ratio virus into them to see if the gene serum can defeat the virus. Some even had their hands and feet chopped off and their organs plucked because the researchers wanted to know if the gene serum had the ability to regenerate their organs… And while doing those experiments, they wouldn’t inject the children with anesthetic because the anesthetic would change the effect of the gene serum… Among a thousand children, only a few survived, and most of them died.” 
Nora’s heart clenched tightly when she heard these words. 
She had always known that the mysterious organization was filled with evil and was trying to change the human genetic sequence. Furthermore, she had seen with her own eyes that Hillary, Yvonne, and the
others had all been harmed by that drug. After entering the special department, she had also checked the information and knew that the mysterious organization was experimenting with children. There were also data about there being about a thousand children. 
However, she had never known that the details were so infuriating! 
Caleb had said it in too much detail, so much so that an image appeared in her mind. 
If it was six years ago when she didn’t have children, she might have only called them animals. However, now, whenever she thought of Cherry or Pete lying on the operating table and being tortured by them, she felt like destroying the mysterious organization! 
They were so cruel and inhumane! 
Nora’s expression turned cold. “And?” 
Caleb took a deep breath. “When your mother saw this, she also felt strange anger. Only then did she realize that she had unintentionally helped a tyrant for so long. However, she also understood that a head-on clash could not resolve the problem. She pretended to cooperate and accepted the leader’s invitation to become the boss of the research and development department and the second-in-command of the entire organization. Then, she found an opportunity to steal the data at the research and development department and fled back to the country with the information.” 
Nora clenched her fists. “Then?” 
“At that time, the mysterious organization was only thought of as an organization engaged in child trafficking. Your mother was caught by mistake. After she found an excuse to escape, she realized that the people in the mysterious organization were very resourceful. She could not resist at all and thus she fled. Do you know why she went to California?”
Nora shook her head. 
Caleb sighed. “Because she had saved a three-year-old boy from the 1,000 children captured by the mysterious organization. That boy told her to look for his parents in California.” 
Nora was stunned and looked at Caleb in shock. 
Caleb smiled. “That’s right. That boy is me.” 
Nora: “!!” 
She stood up in shock and looked at Caleb in disbelief. 
Caleb lowered his eyes and slowly said, “When I was three, they injected me with a gene serum and improved my genetic code. They deliberately did not inject the serum all at once. At that time, my parents being quite capable reached the mysterious organization to find me. Unfortunately, by that time, I could no longer leave. My body had been conditioned such that I would die if I stopped taking the serum at regular intervals. I had to be injected with the serum every month to maintain my life.” 
Perhaps he had said too much at once, and he coughed again. 
Nora handed the tea to him. 
He took a sip and suppressed the itch in his throat. “And thus, I was tied to the mysterious organization. When my parents found out, they felt helpless. At that time, your mother decided to make a deal with the Grays. The Grays helped her hide her identity and guaranteed to raise you until you were 18 years old. She also left the formula for the last dose of the serum. I was to be injected with the last dose once I turned 25.”
When she heard this, Nora suddenly understood everything. 
No wonder she had an engagement with Anthony! No wonder the Grays did not break off the engagement even when she got pregnant. What they wanted was the formula for the last dose of the serum! 
And the reason why the mysterious organization came to New York and kept looking for her mother was because of that formula! 
At this moment, she came to a sudden realization! 
But what about her pregnancy? Why did her mother betray the Grays and arrange for her to have a child with Justin? Was there a secret behind this?!
###Chapter 606
She stared at Caleb. 
Caleb waved his hand. “Don’t look at me like that. I don’t need that drug anymore.” 
Nora was surprised. 
Caleb laughed softly. “I’m one of the few remaining children out of the 1,000. Logically speaking, my transformation was very successful. Unfortunately, I was diagnosed with lung cancer when I was 26. That’s why I no longer need that drug.” 
Nora fell silent. 
Suddenly, she felt that the deal between the Grays and her mother was not worth it. They had helped hide their identities for so long, but in the end, fate had played a joke on Caleb. 
She lowered her eyes. “If I can find the formula for the last drug, I’ll give it to you.” 
Caleb laughed softly. “Aren’t you afraid that I’m still loyal to the mysterious organization and am lying to you about the formula?” 
Nora stared at him and did not speak for a moment. 
Caleb sighed silently. “I won’t tease you anymore. I’ve already hated the mysterious organization deeply. This illness has instead helped me. I can finally get rid of them. However, I’ve always been living on the edge. I only have two months left to live. I want to use my limited life to help the special department. It could be my help to humanity. Let’s make them pay for the thousand children who died in front of me!” 
Nora understood. “So Morris will let you go and you’ll go undercover?” 
“Yes.” Caleb looked at the ground. “Trueman is one of the children of the leader. Back then, the leader threw his children in and injected them with serums. Only Trueman survived, so he’s the second-in-
charge of the mysterious organization. This is also the main reason why the mysterious organization has been looking for the last formula your mother left behind! If he doesn’t inject the last dose within half a year, Trueman will die.” 
Nora was stunned. “Then you and Trueman…” 
Caleb chuckled. “That’s right. I grew up with him. Many of us kept dying every month. In the end, only four have survived till now. Perhaps because of our experiences together, Trueman is still polite to me. Furthermore, because of the serum, I’m smarter than ordinary people. My status in the mysterious organization is higher. But even so, I don’t know where the leader and Trueman’s nest is… My goal for returning this time is to find their foundation so that the special department can cooperate with Interpol and eliminate them all!” 
… 
Nora was silent for a long time. The truth she had been searching for was exposed in front of her just like that, but this truth was incomparably cruel. 
After a long time, she asked, “How did my mother die back then?” 
Caleb was silent for a moment. 
Nora stared at him with a determined look. “I want to hear the truth.” 
Caleb sighed. “The mysterious organization is very powerful. Back then, your mother leaked some information under the cover of my parents. Seeing that they were about to come looking for you, your mother chose to die to protect you.” 
Back then, Yvette had left Ian because she didn’t want to drag him into all of her mess. 
She had used her death to stop that pursuit.
Caleb continued, “After your mother died, my parents helped cover all the evidence, and you were safe. But no one expected for the Andersons to recognize you. You even appeared in New York in such a high-profile manner. Yvette had a daughter who was still alive. This attracted the attention of the mysterious organization, and it finally made them discover what had happened back then.” 
Caleb lowered his eyes. “When he found out that my parents and I had hidden your whereabouts to protect you, the leader wanted to kill me. It was Trueman who begged for mercy and saved my life.” 
Nora also said, “After you were caught, Trueman sent me a message. He said that he would answer one of my questions in exchange for me to give you medicine. He treats you pretty well.” 
Caleb sighed. “Yes, this is also why I didn’t betray all these years the mysterious organization despite knowing that they were in the wrong.” 
Nora nodded and asked again, “About my pregnancy…” 
“I don’t know anything about that,” Caleb replied. “I don’t understand why you got pregnant. I don’t understand why my family has protected you for so many years.” 
Caleb smiled bitterly. “Back then, Anthony despised you and refused to fulfill the marriage agreement. After this matter blew up too many times, my family even suggested that I take his place and fulfill the marriage agreement.” 
He looked at Nora, his eyes were suddenly deep. “In the end, we’re not fated to be together.” 
Caleb muttered to himself, “Fortunately, you didn’t marry me.” 
He coughed.
Nora looked at him and sighed. She did not say anything and patted his shoulder. “When are you leaving? I’ll see you off.” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
Caleb replied slowly, “I’ll pretend to escape. Otherwise, Trueman would find out.” 
Nora nodded. 
The two of them were speechless for a moment. Nora simply said, “I’ll get going then.” 
“Okay, goodbye.” 
When Nora walked to the door, she realized that Caleb had already picked up the book and was back to reading it leisurely. 
Nora then went out and did not see Caleb suddenly put down his book after she left. He looked at the door and let out a long sigh. 
Then, he covered his ?h?st and coughed violently. 
He quickly took out the medicine Nora had prepared for him. He opened it and wanted to take a pill, but he suddenly realized that there was only one pill left in the bottle. 
He stared at the pill for a while and suddenly laughed at himself. He placed the pill back into the bottle and could not bear to take it. 
Nora, who was outside the door, did not know this. 
She only looked at Morris and asked, “When did Caleb start talking?” 
Morris stared at Nora for a while and replied, “The day after you sent him the medicine.”
Nora: “…” 
She did not speak and just waved at Morris before leaving.. 
Life was not worth looking back at. 
Nora arrived at the parking lot and saw Justin’s car parked not far away. She had just walked over when she saw Ruth standing in front of Justin. 
She was tightly clutching Justin’s sleeve. “Mr. Hunt, I knew it. I knew you would definitely come if I locked up Nora. It’s too difficult to see you!” 
Justin’s expression was cold and even a little impatient. 
He was about to speak when Ruth shouted, “You can’t treat me like this. Have you forgotten that night five years ago? I was the woman that night!” 
Nora, who was about to walk over, was speechless. 
She stopped in her tracks. 
Her first thought was not that Justin was dating this woman, but that Ruth was somehow involved in the matter of extracting Justin’s sp?rm and injecting it into her body to make her pregnant?! 
How did she get pregnant? How did Justin lose his memories and got schemed against? She was still wondering when this woman exposed herself.
###Chapter 607
Justin did not plan to bother with this woman at all. 
However, he did not expect Ruth to suddenly say such a shocking thing, making him frown. 
Actually, he had dreamed of that night a few times recently. 
In his dream, he had not been robbed by some cold instrument. Instead, he had slept with a woman! He had brushed it aside thinking it was just a wet dream. 
However, when Ruth shouted this, he frowned tightly. 
For some reason, at this moment, he recalled very clearly that he had indeed slept with a woman five years ago! 
This realization suddenly made him nervous. His heart clenched slightly as he subconsciously looked at Nora. 
His first reaction was—would Nora be angry? 
However, in his memories, he did not seem to be rejecting her that night… 
This thought made him feel like he had swallowed a fly. He felt like his body had betrayed him… 
As his thoughts ran wild, the bodyguards who had rushed forward to chase Ruth away were stunned. From what Ruth said, she seemed to have slept with Mr. Hunt? 
Should they chase her away or retreat? 
Everyone looked at Justin in confusion. However, their big boss was staring straight at Nora in front of him. He did not give them a single glance, making them unable to do anything! 
Should they go forward and pull Ruth away or retreat quickly?
Boss, please give some instructions? They didn’t want to watch some melodramatic scene here!! 
While everyone had their own thoughts, it gave Ruth a chance to showcase her skills. She tried to grab Justin’s hand. The man dodged guiltily. Ruth did not get his hand, but she grabbed his sleeve. Ruth looked straight at him. “We’ve slept together before. Mr. Hunt, have you really forgotten me? Do you really not remember me?!” 
Justin: !! 
He saw Nora standing there silently in the distance, her gaze fixed on him. He frowned in panic. “Don’t talk nonsense!” 
“I’m not talking nonsense. I have evidence!” 
Ruth was very anxious. She took out her phone directly. “After we slept together back then, I took a photo to remember it.” 
With that, she handed the photo to Justin. 
Justin stared at the photo. 
He narrowed his eyes slightly. In the photo, he was lying on the bed, asleep. Ruth was beside him. Her cheeks were slightly red, revealing her fair shoulders. She looked shy and bashful. 
Now, there was even evidence. 
Justin felt that he could not explain anymore, especially when he met Nora’s cold gaze. It actually made him feel that he was… dirty?! 
Justin felt like he had swallowed half a fly, and he was so disgusted. 
He pushed Ruth away and strode towards Nora. “Nora, let me explain…”
Nora waved her hand. “Stay where you are.” 
Justin was taken aback. 
Ruth bit her lip and looked over. 
After seeing Nora, her eyes flickered with a fierce and cold light. But then, she looked at her pitifully. “Miss Smith, don’t be angry. It was an accident… but… but after that night, I never forgot Mr. Hunt… Mr. Hunt also liked me. That night, he wanted me three times… He even said he would be responsible for me…” 
Her eyes turned red immediately. She stared at Nora and said, “I know I’m being very shameless in saying this, but I really love him… I beg you, please help me and Mr. Hunt! You don’t love him at all, anyway. You’re only with him because of the child…” 
She lowered her head and cried. 
Justin’s expression changed drastically. He pushed her away with disdain as if he was pushing away a pile of trash; as if being stained by her once was already very disgusting and dirty. 
He shouted sternly, “Don’t talk nonsense! Nora, I’m not, I didn’t… five years ago, you know, I had no memories! I was framed!” 
Ruth cried even harder. “Mr. Hunt, how could you be like this… You clearly wanted it that night. You seemed intoxicated when you rushed into my room…” 
As she spoke, she looked at Nora. 
Justin strode forward, wanting to chase after her.
However, before he could move, Ruth had already grabbed his arm again. “Mr. Hunt, you can’t treat me like this!” 
When she blocked him, Nora had already gotten into her big black car and driven away. 
Justin’s expression was very ugly. He lowered his head to look at her, his long phoenix eyes filled with anger and violence. He shouted softly, “Let go!” 
Ruth was frightened by his appearance. The mole at the corner of his eye seemed to be filled with killing intent, making her take a step back. 
At this moment, Lawrence suddenly walked over in rapid steps and handed the phone to Justin. He whispered, “Mr. Hunt, bad news!” 
Justin’s eyes narrowed as he looked down. 
Lawrence explained, “I don’t know who sent this message saying that you’re suspected of r?p?. It even has a photo of you and… Miss Ruth from a few years ago!” 
Justin looked down. It was a photo of him breaking into Ruth’s room. 
Lawrence said, “Everyone is speculating now that you often used your power to force women to do in private and even took pictures of them. They say that there are many others that haven’t been photographed. They’re requesting a strict investigation!” 
Justin suddenly looked at Ruth. “You did this?!” 
Ruth bit her lip. “Yes, I did it. Mr. Hunt, I can go out there and say that we’re boyfriend and girlfriend. Then, it won’t be considered r?p?. Otherwise, you’ll definitely be sued!” 
Justin frowned.
Ruth stared at him. “Mr. Hunt, can we talk now?” 
Justin thought for a moment before saying, “Get in.” 
Ruth got into Justin’s car and they drove all the way to the Hunt manor. When they entered, she turned to look at the scenery outside, a light appearing in her eyes. 
She was going to be the mistress here soon! 
She did not see that Justin was looking down and sending a message to Nora. “I brought her to the Hunt manor. No matter what we do to her here, no one will know.. You can come over. Do you want me to pick you up?”
###Chapter 608
Nora replied, “No need. I’ll come over later.” 
Just now, outside the special department, although Nora and Justin hadn’t said a word, when their eyes met, Justin instantly understood Nora’s meaning. 
It was outside the special department. 
The special department was half a police station. It was a fair and strict place. It would be inconvenient to interrogate Ruth there, so it was best to take her away. 
Therefore, Nora took the opportunity to act. 
Normal girlfriends would be jealous at that time, right? Therefore, it was normal for her to be angry and leave. 
Subsequently, Ruth directed and acted in a public opinion battle. It seemed like she was forcing Justin to lower his head, but Justin was only beating her at her own game and taking advantage of the situation. 
Justin put down his phone and narrowed his eyes again. 
Ruth should be thankful because if not for Nora coming to interrogate her about her role in what had happened back then, he really wanted to kill Ruth on the spot! 
Unfortunately, Ruth seemed unaware of this fact. 
The car arrived at the Hunt manor and drove into Justin’s residence. 
The car stopped and Justin got Ruth out of the car and into the living room. As soon as they entered the living room, Justin was about to call for someone to take Ruth down when Mrs. Hunt’s voice suddenly sounded. “Justin, you’re finally back!”
With that, she walked over with her walking stick, trembling. “What’s with the report on the Internet? What’s going on between you and that girl?” 
After saying this, she saw Ruth following behind Justin. 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. She frowned in surprise. “This is?” 
Ruth immediately stepped forward and held Mrs. Hunt’s hand. “Mrs. Hunt, I’m Ruth, and I’m also the girl from the report. Mr. Hunt and I are…” 
At this point, she glanced shyly at Justin and then lowered her head. “It’s that kind of relationship.” 
Mrs. Hunt immediately frowned and looked at Justin in surprise and confusion. “Justin, you’re…” 
Ruth was about to say something when Justin’s face turned cold and he said, “Grandma, I have something to discuss here. Please leave for now.” 
Mrs. Hunt was actually afraid of Justin. 
He used to listen to her when he was young, but when he grew up and had his own views, he would never listen to her again. Mrs. Hunt knew very well that apart from respect, Justin’s feelings for her were of familial love. 
She would not do anything to hurt their relationship, so she said, “Alright, then you guys talk. You guys talk…” 
The old lady leaned on her walking stick and walked out slowly. 
After she left, Ruth looked at Justin and directly spoke her mind, “Mr. Hunt, I want to be Mrs. Hunt!” 
“…”
— 
Elsewhere. 
Nora returned to the Smiths and saw Tanya standing outside the door. 
She asked anxiously, “How is it?” 
Tanya: “They’re still arguing.” 
They had a fight! 
This was the first time she had heard of it. After all, Cherry was a little cutie who spoke her mind and made people love her. 
And Pete was a sensible and obedient little gentleman. 
How could the two of them get into a fight? 
Hearing the two words “still arguing,” Nora instantly heaved a sigh of relief. “Fortunately, I came back quickly.” 
Tanya nodded. “Yes, go talk to them…” 
As soon as she said this, she heard Nora’s next words. “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have had the chance to see what their fight looks like!” 
Tanya: “” 
Was this something a mother should say?!
Pete said sternly, “Cherry, you can’t play games every day. You should learn something.” 
Cherry refused to let go of her phone and hugged it in her arms. “Pete is bad. If you keep trying to control me, I won’t love you anymore! Why should humans learn, anyway?!” 
Pete lectured her seriously, “It’s to make yourself better!” 
“And?” 
“Then, when you grow up, you can learn many techniques. You can also control everything without being confused by the butler!” 
“And then?” 
Pete: “After that, you can live a happy and blissful life.” 
Cherry was being unreasonable. “But I have my parents and you. I’m already living a blissful life!” 
Pete: “?” 
He could only explain again, “Cherry, you have to make your life valuable. You can’t live every day in vain! This is wrong!” 
“Why? Making life valuable is to satisfy your own d?s?r?s, right? It’s also to make you happy? But the value of my existence is to get first place in the game! I’m being needed every day! Without me, Chesty can’t even get first place in the national server!” Cherry patted her ?h?st. “I’m very awesome!” 
Pete: “…I can’t out-talk you, but you have to learn knowledge, especially your English. You have to make up for your idioms and poems!” 
“I know how to memorize 300 poems~” Cherry was very persistent.
Pete: “…But you don’t know Mathematical Olympiad questions! You don’t know how to do programming, and you don’t know how to make a robot either. You still have a lot to learn!” 
Cherry bit her lip. “Pete, what you’re saying is too boring. Boohoo. But I also know someone who’s very good with these things. He’s a genius!” 
With that, she picked up her phone and opened an application. There was a lot of chat content inside. She sent a voice message. “Are you there? My brother wants to compete with you!” 
After sending the message, she said to Pete, “I met him overseas. He’s five years old this year, just like you! Don’t force me to study. Go compete with him!” 
The other party replied with a voice message. It was a young voice, but this voice had a hint of ruffianism. “Where did you get a brother from? Don’t you only have one brother?” 
Cherry: “My biological brother. My mother found my biological brother!” 
The other party: “Tsk~ So what if he’s your biological brother? I’ll definitely beat him, but I don’t have time to compete with him now.” 
Cherry: “Why? What are you busy with?” 
The person said, “I’m dissecting a small animal. I plan to replace the rabbit’s leg with another rabbit’s.” 
Cherry was stunned. “Didn’t your father stop you from playing with those things?” 
As soon as she said this, the other party replied, “Hehehehe, my father will be away for a few days. I’m simply too free!”
###Chapter 609
Chapter 609 Go to the Hunts to Interrogate Ruth! 
Cherry asked again, “Where did your father go?” 
The other party: “God knows. Anyway, that’s not important. The important thing is that no one will care about me.” 
Cherry asked, “Doesn’t your mother care about 
you?” 
The other party: “I don’t have a mother. I lived with my father alone.” 
Cherry: “” 
The other party replied, “Alright, let’s not talk about it. I’m busy. I’ll let your brother come and see how awesome I am another day!” 
Cherry put down her phone in resignation. 
Beside her, Pete looked at her curiously. “Who is this?” 
Cherry tilted her head and explained, “This is a good friend I know from the Internet. His hobby is to grow wheat on cows. He can make the wheat smell like beef, dogs, rabbits, and dogs. He’s very smart. He once connected a dog’s body to a cat’s head for two hours. Unfortunately, they died in the end.” 
Pete: “… Cherry, stay away from this person!” 
Cherry was stunned and asked in confusion, “Why?”
Pete said seriously, “Because this person is either a lunatic, and everything he says is a lie, or he’s crazy! Why did he connect the dog’s body with the cat’s head? Did he torture the two pets to death just for fun?” At these words, Cherry thought of a child torturing two little pets and instantly shuddered. 
She swallowed. “Pete, you make it sound so 
scary!” 
Pete continued to teach her seriously. “So stay away from him in the future!” 
Tanya and Nora, who were at the door, were speechless. 
Tanya said, “If not for Pete’s honesty and kindness, I would have thought he was jealous.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
In fact, over this period of time, she had long realized that however obedient and sensible Pete was, it was only on the surface. How could Pete be a good person when he grew up with Justin? 
This fellow had many thoughts. 
To put it bluntly, he was scheming. 
She had just confirmed that Pete was jealous! Otherwise, he would not have said bad things about the other boy! 
However, when did Cherry make such a weird friend? Which family was that child from? He was so young, but he was already so cruel.
Of course, Cherry was not easily fooled. She pursed her lips. “Brother, I won’t talk to him if you let me play games!” Pete: “!!” 
He was silent for a moment before he sighed and did not probe further. “Forget it.” 
Cherry picked up her phone excitedly. The slightly intense dispute dissipated into thin air. 
Nora looked at Tanya. “See that? It’s a good thing I came fast.” 
Tanya: “…” 
The scene of the two children being obedient returned to the room. Nora simply went out. Just as she was about to leave, her phone suddenly rang She took a look and realized that it was Morris. 
She was stunned for a moment before answering the call. She heard Morris say, “Caleb has escaped.” 
Nora was surprised. “So fast?” 
“Yes, everyone’s attention was on you and Ruth today. He found a chance to escape.” 
That was true. 
After all, Caleb wanted to pretend that he had escaped. It was definitely appropriate for the special department to be in such a mess today, but… 
She suddenly felt a little regretful. 
Previously, she had asked Sheril to make a few cough pills for him. As it was her first time making them, she had only made a few and was urgently making a second batch. Unfortunately, with him gone, she could not give them to him even if she made one, right?
As she thought about this, Morris suddenly changed the topic. “I heard that Ruth and Mr. Hunt have returned to the Hunts? And Mr. Hunt is suspected of raping her?” 
Nora frowned and sounded a little unhappy. “Is that so?” 
“Yes, my people saw her enter the Hunt Manor with their own eyes. If possible, can you spare her life? I still want to use her to bait people.” 
Nora was silent for a moment before saying, “Don’t worry. Justin and I are good law-abiding citizens.” 
In the special department—the corners of Morris’s mouth twitched when he heard the beeping sound on the phone. 
Mark, who was beside him, looked at Morris carefully. “Our people can’t enter the Hunt Manor, so we don’t know what they’re doing inside… We really don’t have a choice. Can we get Miss Smith to take a look? And report to 
Us…” 
He did not pursue the matter with Ruth nor suspect her. He only chased her away. It was all Morris’s bait. He wanted to see her contact the mysterious organization and take advantage of the opportunity. 
However, who would have thought that Ruth would be taken to the Hunt Manor as soon as she left the special department, causing them to lose their surveillance?! 
Morris looked at him and sneered. “Report? In what capacity should I ask Miss Smith to report to us?! If she was still in the special department, then I could request her to go on a mission as her superior. But what should I do now?” 
Mark shut his mouth and lowered his head.
Why did it feel like the special department was in chaos ever since the moment Miss Smith left? The investigation that had finally gotten on track previously had become troublesome again… 
Nora got out of the car and was about to walk to the living room when she was grabbed by Mrs. Hunt. 
Mrs. Hunt looked at her and saw that she did not look happy. She instantly trembled and coughed. She suddenly said, “Miss Smith, um, you have to be forgiving…” 
Nora: “” 
The old lady suddenly felt guilty. 
Although she was very arrogant in the past, after learning that Nora was Pete’s biological mother, she knew that this marriage was set in stone! 
Even if it was just for Pete, she had to be Justin’s wife. 
Therefore, she had to suppress Nora in the future. She could not let her be too arrogant in the Hunts. 
But now! 
Why was there another woman? 
What if Miss Smith got angry and suddenly broke off the engagement?! 
She was anxious inside, but Nora could not be bothered with her. She had already walked into Justin’s living room. As soon as she entered, she saw Ruth sitting calmly on the ground. Her hands and feet were already tied, but she was not anxious or flustered. She said with certainty, “Mr. Hunt, I dared to come here alone with you because I have leverage. Your interrogation techniques are useless against me. Unless Black Cat comes in person, no one can make me talk…”
###Chapter 610
Chapter 610 A Woman’s Jealousy 
Lawrence and two bodyguards stood behind Ruth. 
Justin sat on the sofa with a cold expression and a strong aura. At first glance, he reminded Nora of the first time she had met this man in California. 
Only at times like these could Nora clearly see that this man had a noble status. When he was not in front of her, the man’s expression was high and mighty. His entire body exuded an unapproachable aura. 
He could not be bothered with Ruth and only lowered his head to handle the documents. 
Lawrence was talking to Ruth instead. “Miss Ruth, don’t make things harder for yourself. Over the years, no one has ever been able to hide anything from us…” 
Ruth did not want to bother with him at all and directly said to Justin, “Mr. Hunt, it’s useless for you to ignore me like this. Aren’t you afraid of the public’s opinion? If I just disappear out of nowhere, I’m afraid the outside world will start talking about you silencing me!” 
Justin turned a page of the document, took out a pen, and signed it. 
However, Lawrence said, “Tsk, Miss Ruth, you’re looking down on the Hunts too much, aren’t you? Do you think a battle of public opinion will matter to us? Do you think you can publish such news as you please with Y around?” 
Ruth was stunned. 
She looked at Lawrence and saw strong confidence coming from this assistant. It was as if those things were nothing to him.
She bit her lip. “Shut up! I’m talking to Mr. Hunt. How can you interrupt?”. 
Lawrence raised his chin and sneered. “Miss Ruth, you have to know that I’m only here to talk to you because I’m bored. Do you think you would otherwise have the chance to talk to me?” 
As Justin’s special assistant, Lawrence’s words had a very big say in New York! 
Ordinary people would have to rack their brains if they wanted an opportunity to speak to him. He was very proud and aloof. 
Ruth was furious. “Who do you think you are? Do you know who I am? You can’t afford to offend me!” 
Lawrence sneered. “Who are you?” Ruth wanted to say something, but she calmed down. “You want to pry information out of me? I won’t say anything…” Then, she looked at Justin again and said, “Mr. Hunt, I suggest you let me go. Let’s have a good talk. Otherwise, my people will call the police if I’m missing for 24 hours!” 
Lawrence: “Omg, I’m so scared!” He pursed his lips. “Who do you think the Hunts are? Even if your people call the police, can they step foot into our property without any evidence?” 
Ruth frowned. “You…” 
Lawrence squatted down. “So, I suggest you talk nicely. After all, we don’t want to kill women either.” 
Ruth spat and saliva splattered on Lawrence’s face. “Since I dared to come, I’m not afraid of torture. Besides, you can’t torture me! If I lose so much as a strand of hair, I guarantee that Mr. Hunt will regret it very much!” 
Lawrence frowned. 
He did not know where Ruth’s confidence came from, but to be safe, he still looked at Justin.
At this moment, Justin finally put down the document. He slowly raised his head, but his gaze passed through Ruth and went straight to Nora. Then, he stood up. 
He was still acting very cold and distant, but now, a smile suddenly appeared on his face. He strode to Nora and said, “You’re here!” 
Nora nodded calmly and then turned her gaze to Ruth. 
Ruth did not seem to expect her to come over, but the moment she saw her, she suddenly understood something. She looked at Justin again and frowned. “You all teamed up to deceive me!” 
Nora and Justin could not be bothered with her. Only Lawrence bothered to talk to her. “Of course. Did you just notice? Heh, Miss Smith and our Mr. Hunt can already talk with just their eyes. How could he have been stirred up by you? Let me tell you, your matters are nothing in Mr. Hunt’s eyes. Besides, Miss Smith is very magnanimous. She has been framed before, so she definitely won’t fuss about anything!” 
As he spoke, Lawrence glanced at Nora carefully. 
Nora: “…” 
She turned back to look at Justin and saw that he was also sizing her up. It seemed like this person really cared about her opinion. 
However… 
If Justin had really slept with Ruth, it would be quite… disgusting. She simply waved her hand and said to Lawrence, “Stop wasting time. Just interrogate her.” 
Lawrence instantly nodded. Just as he was about to call for someone to pull her down, Ruth’s eyes widened and she gritted her teeth. She looked at Justin and shouted, “I slept with Mr. Hunt. Do you really
dare to interrogate me? Do you dare to touch me?!” 
Everyone: “?” 
Lawrence was stunned by the logic of her words. “Why can’t we interrogate you?” 
Ruth looked at Justin. “Mr. Hunt, can you really bear to? We had a one-night stand after all. How could you treat me like this?!” 
There was a silence. 
After a while, a sneer came from Nora’s mouth. Her pretty face could not help but tighten slightly. She only felt that this women’s brain circuit was damaged. She shook her head and mocked, “Do you think you’re filming a tv show?” 
Ruth bit her lip. “You’re too shameless. Are you going to torture me? I’m a woman. You guys call yourself men?!” 
Lawrence: “…” 
Nora waved her hand. “Forget it. Find a soundproof room. I’ll interrogate her.” Lawrence was stunned. “Miss Smith, you’re doing it?” 
“Why? Can’t I?” Nora retorted. Lawrence hurriedly glanced at Justin and saw him nod. He then said eagerly, “Of course! you can definitely do it!” 
With that, he got the two bodyguards to carry Ruth to the basement. 
The dark room in the basement was very soundproof.
After the few of them went in, Ruth was tied to a chair. Her posture was still calm. “I’ve already said that you will only hear what I want to say. You’ll never know what I don’t want to say!” 
Lawrence also persuaded, “Miss Smith, why don’t we do it? After all, it’s not appropriate to let you do such a bloody thing, right?” 
Actually, he was thinking to herself, “Miss Smith, you can treat illnesses, but can you interrogate people?” 
However, he quickly figured out that Miss Smith wasn’t here just to interrogate her. She just wanted to take the opportunity to hurt Ruth! 
Sigh, women! They were indeed petty. Although they said they were not jealous, they actually cared more than anyone else, right? 
He wanted Miss Smith to have fun. Later, he would find an excuse to take care of her mood and do it himself!
###Chapter 611
The basement was very big and spacious. 
It was dozens of square meters. Ruth was tied to a chair in the corner with some equipment for interrogation. 
Justin sat on the leather sofa beside her, and the two bodyguards stood respectfully behind him. 
Lawrence was explaining to Nora one by one. “Miss Smith, this isn’t an ordinary whip. There are thorns on it. It’s especially painful! Even a strong man can’t last five minutes with this whip! Do you want to use this?” 
Nora shook her head and sighed. “It’s too rough.” 
Lawrence: “…” 
He could only walk to the other side and take out a box of needles. “Miss Smith, have you seen this before? Do you know how you can prick her with these needles? It won’t leave any marks on the person, but it’s super painful! You can also insert these needles into her body or along her blood vessels to slowly reach into her heart, tormenting her bit by bit…” 
Nora also shook her head. “This is too despicable.” 
“…” 
Lawrence kept explaining one tool after another. Until he had introduced all the tools in the room. Nora did not find any one satisfactory. 
Lawrence was a little speechless, but he was still very cooperative. At least, explaining these torture devices one by one was already psychological torture for Ruth!
When Lawrence saw that Nora was not satisfied, he could not help but sigh in his heart. Miss Smith was a girl after all. She probably could not stand these scary things. Tsk, tsk. What interrogation? She probably just wanted a little taste of it. 
However, he still said, “If Miss Smith doesn’t like them, why don’t the few of us go through these tools on her first and see if she can withstand it?! If she can, then we’ll let Miss Smith do it again!” 
With that, Lawrence looked at Ruth. 
However, Ruth calmly remained seated. There was no fear in her eyes at all. She sighed. “Mr. Hunt, you forced your way into my room and r?p?d me back then. You’ve let me down. Besides, do you think these torture devices will work on me?” 
She was arrogant and looked very confident. However, it was unknown where this confidence came from. 
This made Justin and Nora feel extremely surprised. 
In fact, when Justin invited Ruth to the Hunts, he originally wanted to find another excuse, but Ruth had readily agreed. At that time, Ruth’s actions had exceeded Justin’s expectations. 
Moreover, judging from what Ruth had done in the special department, she should be a meticulous person. She pretended to know Q and Black Cat and successfully fooled almost everyone. 
In fact, if these two identities weren’t Nora’s own, Ruth might not have been slapped so hard in the face. 
One should wonder how could such a smart woman fall into their trap so easily? 
Moreover, she kept saying that her identity was not simple… 
Not simple…
Lawrence suddenly said, “Could it be that you’re an agent who has undergone secret training?” 
Ruth sneered. “So what if I am? So what if I’m not? I didn’t expect Mr. Hunt to be so cold-blooded to the woman he once had a relationship with!” 
After saying that, she looked at Nora again. “And you! Do you really not care that I slept with him?” 
Nora replied calmly, “It’s already the 21st century. Are you still living in ancient times?” 
Regardless of whether Ruth’s words were true or not, even if they were true, it was five or six years ago. Modern people from the 21st century wouldn’t care about such small things. 
Moreover, it was under the circumstances where Justin was schemed against. How could Nora be jealous and act unreasonably because of this… No way! 
Nora would never admit that she was jealous. That was why she had not said a word to Justin since she entered. 
Ruth bit her lip and took a deep breath before saying, “We didn’t just sleep together for a night!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and smiled. “I had guessed it.” 
Ruth was stunned. 
Nora continued, “You were the one who schemed against him back then, right? But I don’t understand. Whose side are you on?” 
Ruth stared at her. “Alright, since you’ve guessed it, I have nothing to hide. I’m one of your mother’s people!”
The message Trueman sent her had said that Nora’s pregnancy was all planned by her mother. 
So if her mother’s people had schemed against Justin, then Ruth was indeed one of her mother’s people? 
As she was thinking, Ruth suddenly said, “Back then, I drugged Justin, but he was too strong. Even with the drug, he could still withstand it. I had no choice but to do it myself… Only then did I obtain his sp?rm. However, later on, I became more and more jealous of you. I didn’t want to be an invisible person. I also fell for Mr. Hunt, that’s why I came here. How is it? Are you satisfied with this answer?” 
“No.” 
Nora sneered. “There are too many holes. There are flaws in your logic. I guess you’re from the mysterious organization.” 
Ruth sneered. “How is that possible? Don’t slander me here!” 
Nora rubbed her wrist and stepped forward. “It seems like you really won’t cry until you see the coffin. Since you’re not cooperating, don’t blame me for being ruthless!” 
With that, she arrived in front of Ruth. 
Ruth glared at her. “I’m one of your mother’s people, but I’ve undergone training! Using these torture devices on me is a waste of time!” 
“I don’t like to waste time, either.” Nora suddenly leaned closer to Ruth and whispered into her ear. “You can only hype yourself up as an interrogation master by using my reputation. You don’t know a thing about interrogation, Ruth!” 
Ruth’s eyes widened when she heard this.
She looked at Nora in disbelief. Her lips trembled. “You, you, you’re Black Cat?” 
How could this be?! 
She was Black Cat… Why was she Black Cat?! 
No, she suddenly thought back to the times in the special department. Every time she mentioned that she knew Black Cat, Nora would always have a mocking smile on her face. 
Furthermore, when Nora entered the interrogation room and interrogated those bodyguards, they started singing in no time. At that time, she had thought that Black Cat had guided her… 
While she was extremely frightened, Nora lowered her eyes. She took out two gloves from her pocket and slowly put them on.. “Last time, I needed five minutes to interrogate the top-secret agent known to have the toughest mouth. Guess how long will you last?”
###Chapter 612
The basement was very dark. 
Ruth looked at Nora. Her voice was very low, but there was a little coldness in it. It sounded arrogant and domineering. 
The mottled light shone on her face, making the woman’s body flicker between light and dark. She was like an envoy from hell… No, it could be said that she was a demon from hell! 
Ruth’s nervous breathing stopped. 
She suddenly recalled that scene back in the special department—after Nora came out of the interrogation room, the bodyguard had shouted that he would confess as long as the demon did not interrogate him again!! 
Furthermore, Black Cat’s achievements were famous all over. International agents were known to have the strongest mouths. No matter what mission they received, it would be strictly confidential. It had almost become the benchmark of the agent world. 
However, that person was defeated by Black Cat. 
On a mission, Black Cat only needed five minutes to knock out the employer’s name from his mouth… 
Five minutes… 
Ruth’s mentality collapsed. 
She believed that she had undergone strict training and was stronger than those bodyguards, but she was no match for the strongest agent! 
Therefore, before Nora could do anything, she suddenly closed her eyes and shouted, “I’ll say it. I’ll say whatever you want me to say!”
Nora’s hand paused slightly. 
She placed her hands on either side of Ruth’s chair and approached her with a strong aura. She asked, “What’s your relationship with Trueman?” 
Ruth bit her lip. 
Seeing that she was silent, Nora sneered. “Do you want to know how I got the strongest agent to speak? It’s actually very simple. My scalpel is very s?ns?t?v?. I cut his tissue layer by layer, letting him feel his skin being peeled off bit by bit without anesthesia…” 
She took out a small and exquisite scalpel from her pocket. 
Ruth shivered and shouted suddenly, “Trueman is my brother!” 
Nora paused. 
Even Justin’s movements stopped for a moment. 
Ruth shouted, “Trueman is my brother! I come from the Yale family! So you can’t attack me. The Yales will never let you go!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “So you’re really from the mysterious organization?” 
Ruth gritted her teeth. “Yes.” 
Nora continued to ask, “Then were you the one who plotted my pregnancy six years ago?!” 
Ruth shook her head. “I didn’t plot it. I was just involved!” 
Nora suddenly let out a deep breath.
Ever since she learned that her pregnancy was planned by her mother, the uncomfortable feeling of being schemed against had finally dissipated. 
Indeed. 
Her mother would rather sacrifice herself to protect her. How could she have done such a thing without her knowledge? 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Why did you scheme against me?” 
Ruth stared at her. “It was your mother who betrayed the mysterious organization first. We only wanted to break your agreement with the Grays! Besides, you were so well hidden. Wasn’t it just right to punish you when we found you?!” 
With that, Ruth stared at her. “Also, you should thank me. You were fat and ugly back then. No one wanted you! I heard that Anthony Gray proposed to break off the engagement many times, but he was rejected. If not for me, where else would you have found such a good man?! And you were so lucky to have a child for him!” 
Nora: “…” 
She raised her almond-shaped eyes slightly and suddenly looked at Justin before saying calmly, “Yes, I want to thank you for this. If not for you, I might never have met him.” 
Her words made Ruth bite her lip tightly. “Yes, if you hadn’t given birth to his child, how could Mr. Hunt have fallen for you?! You should thank your stomach for doing so!” 
However, Nora asked again, “Then why him? If it was to punish me, wouldn’t it be better to find a random bad man?”
Ruth frowned. “How would I know? I told you, I didn’t plan it. I just cooperated. My mission was to scheme against Justin!” 
Nora was puzzled. “Was it planned by Trueman?” 
Ruth sneered. “That’s right. My brother has really found a good man for you.” 
Nora lowered her eyes and said after a while, “How did you scheme against Justin?” 
Ruth looked at Justin and took a deep breath. “This is very simple. I drugged his food, but I didn’t expect him to be so strong. In the end, I had to do it myself…” 
At this point, she looked at Justin. “So, Mr. Hunt, you and this woman aren’t even married yet, but we’ve already done it! You can’t treat me like this!” 
Justin still ignored her. 
However, Nora sneered. “Who cares about marriage? Children are the most important. Can’t you even see this?” 
As soon as these words were out, Ruth was furious. She suddenly looked at Nora and Justin. “Children? Heh, do you think you’re the only one with a child? What if I say that I gave birth to a child for Mr. Hunt too?!” 
“…” 
“Mr. Hunt, I also got pregnant that night. I gave birth to a boy! That child is yours! If we really count, we’re even more intimate!” 
“…”
In the underground interrogation room, there was a sudden silence. 
He looked at Ruth in disbelief. 
Justin also raised his eyebrows and looked at Ruth in surprise. 
This was the most unexpected answer in today’s interrogation. 
Nora’s eyes narrowed and she froze on the spot. 
Seeing that none of them spoke, Ruth sneered and finally found her place. “Why did I come here with Mr. Hunt? Don’t I know that he takes both black and white? If I didn’t have a trump card, I wouldn’t be here!” 
She looked at Justin. “Our son is in the hands of my brother overseas. I want to tell you that I have to video chat with my brother every day to ensure nothing happens to him. Otherwise, our son will suffer every pain I do! If I break a finger, he will also break a finger! Since you love your children so much, you won’t ignore the well-being of our child, right?!” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
Ruth took a deep breath as finally had the upper hand. She slowly smiled. 
However, she did not expect Justin to stand up the next moment. He walked over step by step, his tall figure filled with oppression.. He finally said his first sentence ever since entering the basement. “Do you think I really forgot what happened that night?”
###Chapter 613
Chapter 613 Justin’s Glorious Coldness 
Ruth’s pupils constricted as a flustered expression flashed across her face. 
After finding out that Nora was Black Cat, she was in a mess. That was why she said so much in one breath. However, she did not expect Justin to still remember what had happened back then? 
Justin stared at the panic flashing across her eyes and sneered. He moved aside and said to Nora, “Nora, looks like I’ll have to trouble you 
again.” 
In other words, Ruth was still lying and needed Black Cat to interrogate her. 
Nora moved her wrist. “No problem.” 
She pressed down on Ruth’s arm. The next moment, a silver needle was inserted into one of her acupuncture points. A sharp pain enveloped her instantly. 
Ruth felt like her entire body was about to be torn apart. All the pain was concentrated on that point, which gave her an intense urge to dig that piece of meat out. 
It hurt. 
It hurt too much. 
She had never experienced such pain before! 
“Ahh!”
A shrill scream was heard. Then, she saw Nora pick up the scalpel again and about to slash her body. Ruth shouted, “I told you, no matter what you do to me, my brother will take revenge on that child!!” 
These words made Nora pause. 
She stared at Ruth and saw that her forehead was already covered in a cold sweat because of the pain. Her hair was wet as she glared at Justin fiercely. “He’s your son. Do you really not care about your own son?!” 
Justin frowned. “You are full of lies. We didn’t have any relationship at all back then, but you made it sound like it was true. Do you think I’d still believe you?” 
Ruth bit her lip. “Heh, don’t forget that I had drugged you back then. It was easy for me to get pregnant with your child! Even if everything else is a lie, the child is real!! I swear! Your son is in my brother’s hands! If you dare to let Black Cat interrogate me again, your son will suffer the same pain!” Justin was stunned. 
Seeing that he finally hesitated, Ruth then looked at Nora. “I also gave birth to a child for him. Now, you don’t have any upper hand!” 
Nora pursed her lips and suddenly took off her gloves. “How boring.” 
She left the interrogation room after saying those cold words. 
Justin hurriedly followed behind her. When she saw the two of them leave, Ruth finally heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, an unprecedented pleasure rose in her heart. See, she had said it before. No woman could withstand such jealousy! 
At the mention of the child, Nora finally could not take it anymore, right?
Nora’s face was cold. She walked from the basement to the living room. Justin followed behind her. His tone and demeanor were hesitant. He wanted to explain, but he did not know what to say. 
At this moment, Nora suddenly stopped in her tracks. “What she said about the child should be true.” 
Justin’s pupils shrank. 
He pursed his lips and organized his words before saying, “I don’t have any memories of that night. I only lied to her before she immediately exposed herself. That woman is full of lies. Her words can’t be trusted.” 
However, Nora lowered her eyes. “She’s very smart. Her words are 80% true and 20% fake. You can’t tell them apart. However, although the needle I put in earlier hurts, I could still judge her speech and blood flow, as well as her heart rate. When she mentioned the child, she didn’t seem to be lying.” Justin was enlightened. “So you pretended to be jealous and paused the interrogation?” 
Nora rolled her eyes at him. 
She wanted to say that she was not pretending to be jealous, but she could not say that. She instead said, “I’m worried that she might have a tracking chip in her body. My methods of torture are a little cruel. If it’s really like what she said, what if the shameless and immoral Trueman really is torturing that child?” 
Nora was worried about that child who might not really exist! 
Even if that was the child of Ruth and Justin, she could not bear to hurt him! 
Perhaps it was because she had felt guilty toward her son since he was young. When she was overseas, she had interacted with many children. She had even gone to places like Africa and seen some hungry children who could not even eat well.
She could not ignore the life of a five-year-old child. 
It could be said that this was her only weakness in life. 
Not to mention that this child was Justin’s son, but even if he was a stranger, she would still be soft- hearted. 
Nora knew her own weakness, so she simply withdrew from the interrogation. Anyway, she already knew most of the things she needed to know. 
Next, it was up to Justin! 
Justin knew that Nora was avoiding suspicion, but when he looked at her like this, he suddenly felt a pang of indescribable guilt. 
He really had a child with someone else… 
Nora would definitely mind, right? 
He lowered his eyes and said, “Yes, leave the rest to me.” 
Nora nodded and turned to leave. 
Before she could leave, however, Justin suddenly called out to her, “Nora.” Nora turned back. 
Justin suddenly sighed. “Don’t worry, I’ll definitely give you an explanation.” 
Nora was a little stunned. Then, she nodded. “I trust you.” 
She had always been the type of person who either did not love or completely believed the other person if she did. She no longer hid her many identities from Justin.
After Nora left, Justin returned to the basement. 
His gentleness and love from earlier had disappeared, and he was exuding a bloodthirsty aura. As he entered, everyone in the basement lowered their heads. Feeling his aura, they did not dare to speak. 
Justin came to Ruth and asked in a deep voice, “Where is that child?” 
Ruth bit her lips. She felt a terrifying pressure from him. It was even more terrifying than when she first learned that Nora was Black Cat. She replied, “He’s with my brother.” 
Justin lowered his eyes. “What’s the child’s name?” 
“Xander Yale.” 
Ruth continued, “He took my surname.” 
Justin did not pursue this matter further. Instead, he stood up and looked down at her. “Get someone to bring the child here. I can let you leave. A life for a life.” 
Ruth’s pupils constricted. “No way…” 
The child was her bargaining chip. How could she give the child to him so easily? 
However, before she could finish speaking, a hand as hard as steel grabbed her neck! It was as if it would snap her neck the next second!
###Chapter 614
Chapter 614 Bring The Child Here! 
Ruth’s eyes widened, a look of despair forming in them. 
She couldn’t breathe properly and her throat felt like it had all stuck together. 
Her brain started receiving insufficient oxygen and her vision blackened intermittently. Then, she blacked out from suffocation. 
Splash! 
A basin of icy-cold water was splashed onto Ruth’s face, waking her up with a start. Only then did she realize that she had been released and had fallen onto the ground. 
The basement was dimly lit, so she had no idea just how long she had been unconscious. 
She wiped her face with her hand. When she looked up, she saw Justin seated on the sofa with his legs crossed, coldly looking at her. 
The look in his eyes gave Ruth a shock. When she thought of what had happened before, she swallowed hard and said, “Mr. Hunt, you can’t kill me! If you kill me, that child will die too!” 
Because Justin had strangled her just now, thereby injuring her wind-pipe, her voice was hoarse. Additionally, the more she spoke, the more she ended up straining her throat, causing searing pain. 
Ruth clutched her neck. In this instant, she became very sure of something Justin really had wanted to kill her just now!
While she was thinking, Justin suddenly took out a small chip. “Is this how you keep Trueman Yale informed of your situation at all times?” 
Ruth’s pupils shrank. That was a tracker-cum-monitoring device that had been implanted in her. It allowed Trueman to check on her situation at any time. 
It was only with this communicator and the child that Ruth could ensure her safety. 
Yet even the communicator had been discovered?! 
Justin threw the chip he was holding between his fingers onto the floor. Nora had reminded him of it before she left. After that, he had instructed Lawrence to bring him the relevant apparatus before he finally found it in Ruth’s stomach. 
He crushed the chip with his foot. After breaking it, he scoffed, “Do you think my men won’t be able to find the child just because you’re dead?” 
Blood drained from Ruth’s face. “I… I am the child’s mother!” 
“So?” 
Justin countered dispassionately. His voice was low and rich, making him sound just like a demon in the dim basement. “I can make it such that the child will never know that I’m the one who killed you.” 
Ruth swallowed. 
Seeing the strong murderous intent in the man’s deep-set eyes, she knew that he was telling the truth! 
She started shivering all over. 
In this instant, she suddenly discovered that Justin was actually a hundred times… no, ten thousand times more terrifying than Black Cat!
No matter how powerful Black Cat was, what she did was ultimately still torture. However, Justin had been dispassionate and unconcerned the whole time. It was as if nothing was a problem in his world, and that he was the king in control of everything! 
Such arrogance and confidence weren’t to be found even in her brother, Trueman! 
While Ruth was filled with fear and trepidation, Justin suddenly said lightly, “Of course, whether that child exists or not, as well as whether he is my son or not, is still yet unclear.” 
“He’s your son! I guarantee it! I have evidence to prove this!” Ruth was terrified. She knew that she had to prove right away that the child really existed, and that he was indeed Justin’s. Otherwise, he really might kill her! 
Also, from the situation just now, she now knew very clearly that Justin didn’t like to hear superfluous rubbish. 
It was just like how she had wanted to bargain with him just now—the man hadn’t given her a chance to speak and had almost strangled her to death instead! 
She looked around in a panic. Then, she asked, “Can I use your phone to log in to my email inbox?” 
Justin didn’t move. It was Lawrence who stepped forward and handed her his cell phone. 
Ruth behaved this time. She didn’t dare to do anything funny. She obediently logged into her email inbox and found some videos. 
She said, “These are videos of Xander. You can have Y check if they are real. Once you watch the videos, you’ll know I’m telling the truth!” 
Lawrence took the cell phone back from her and took a look first.
But when he did, a look of surprise immediately came over his countenance. He walked over to Justin at once and handed him the phone. 
Justin took the phone and looked down at it to see a five-year-old boy in the video. He had a crew cut and was doing his homework seriously. 
Seemingly sensing that someone was filming him, he raised his head in annoyance, his deep-set eyes glaring at the camera. 
Those eyes… that face… they looked exactly like Justin’s!! 
Pete and Cherry’s looks were a combination of the good parts of both Justin and Nora’s, but Xander was totally a miniature version of Justin. 
There was no need to do a DNA test for Justin to know that he was most definitely his son. Still, he was a little disappointed. 
After all, before he saw the child, he had once wondered what if Nora was the one who had given birth to this child too?! Or perhaps Nora had actually given birth to triplets back then, so the child would have looked exactly the same as Pete and Cherry? 
However, that was not the case. 
Ruth shouted, “Mr. Hunt, Xander and I are very close. You mustn’t kill me!” 
Justin put down the phone and looked at her. “Call Trueman Yale. I don’t care how you do it, you have five days to get him to send the boy here. Otherwise, I won’t hold back on you!” 
After saying that, he stood up at once and strode out.
But as soon as he walked over to the door, Ruth couldn’t stop herself from shouting, “Mr. Hunt!” 
Justin stopped but didn’t look back. 
Ruth shouted hoarsely, “Why? Both Nora and I are mothers to your children. Why are you treating me like this instead?!” 
Justin sneered, “Because you are not worthy.” Then, he left the room. 
What Ruth didn’t know was that it wasn’t because of the children that Justin was in love with Nora. Before he even knew that she was Pete’s mother, he had already admired her and fallen in love with her! 
When Nora said that she was washing her hands of the matter, she meant it. First, she went to the hospital to treat Quentin’s condition. As this was already the second time, she only gave him a simple change of dressing. After fussing over him for five to six hours, she finally went home and fell into a deep sleep. 
By the time she woke up, two days had already passed. 
This time, she finally got enough sleep. She got out of bed refreshed. When she entered the study, she saw the two children with their heads together and staring at the screen. 
As Nora walked over, she heard Cherry say, “Did you see that, Pete? I told you he is really impressive! He solved all the Mathematical Olympiad problems you made!” 
They were currently on the phone, so a voice rang out: “Of course! I’m a genius, you know!” Pete was still expressionless. He replied, “You mean a fake one?” 
“You are just jealous of how smart I am. I have an IQ of 301! No one can beat that!” 
Pete said, “Sorry to disappoint you, but I have an IQ of 302.”
“You’re just bragging. The current highest recorded human IQ is 301, AKA mine.” The little boy on the other end of the line said lightly, “You’re being so competitive just to show off in front of Cherry. But no matter how hard you try, can you hold back your pee?” 
Pete flushed at once. He had always been a gentleman and never used such crude words. How could that guy talk about things like poop and pee so casually?! 
Seeing that he was upset, Cherry hurriedly changed the subject. “Have the rabbits recovered? The ones you were talking about two days ago.” 
The boy sounded a little disappointed as he replied, “No, they showed symptoms of rejection, so both rabbits died.” 
Cherry: “?” 
She blinked. “Oh, are you in a bad…” 
Before she could say “mood”, the boy sighed and said, “I am indeed in a bad mood.” 
Cherry was about to comfort him when he went on. “After all, those two rabbits’ flesh is too low quality. They are so hard to chew!” Cherry: “?” 
Pete: “” 
Nora, who had just walked into the room: “” 
“It’s okay, though. I also have another ten rabbits, fifteen cats, and more than twenty stray dogs. It’ll be No. 3 and No. 4’s turns next. But I’m wondering if I should gouge out No. 4’s eyes and put them in No. 3, or should I cut off No. 3’s ears and put them on No. 4?”
“Say, if I plant wheat in a cow, will beef-flavored grains of wheat grow from it? Also, can a dog’s head be installed on a cow’s belly?” 
Just the sound of the several questions he asked in succession was frightening enough. 
The trio looked at one another. Nora suddenly asked, “Cherry, what is your friend’s name?” 
###Chapter 615
Chapter 615 Triplets!! 
Cherry was taken aback for a moment, seemingly only just realizing that she hadn’t asked the boy for his name yet. She asked, “Hey, what’s your name?” 
“My name?” The boy sounded terribly cheeky. He said, “My name is made up of two syllables. The first is ‘grand and the second is ‘dad’.” 
Cherry was taken aback. “Granddad?” 
“Yeah, I’m here!” The boy responded very quickly. “Hello, my granddaughter!” Cherry: “…” She was furious. “Why are you so mean?!” 
“Hahaha! Alright, I won’t tease you anymore. My last name is Yale while my first name is Dad!” 
“Dad Yale?” 
“Watch the way you’re talking to your dad, 
girl!” 
II 
Cherry was furious. She was about to hang up when he said, “Okay, okay, I won’t tease you anymore. I can’t tell you my name—you can just call me ‘big brother’.”. 
Pete was pulling a long face. “Haven’t you had enough yet?” The other boy replied, “I have. At the very least, I don’t want to be your brother, I only want to be Cherry’s.”
Nora, who was listening to the conversation next to them: “…” 
Nora had thought that Cherry was already very cheeky. She mouthed off all the time and was very mischievous, and was not as well-behaved and sensible as Pete. But compared to the other boy, Cherry was simply too good! 
Also, Cherry didn’t use such crude language! 
Nora frowned. It stood to reason that she wouldn’t feel any fondness for that little boy, but for some reason, as she listened to the young and tender voice acting like an adult, she actually didn’t feel annoyed or disgusted. 
Nora’s voice was very low as she asked, “Boy, has your father returned?” 
She remembered that the boy had said the other time that he didn’t have a mother, only a father. 
Wasn’t his father going to discipline him when behaved like this? 
The boy replied, “He’s back. Who are you?” Cherry immediately said, “She’s my mommy.” “Oh, the queen of sleep?” Nora: “?” 
She looked straight at Cherry, only to see the little fellow’s eyes darting about and looking elsewhere. 
Hah. 
Nora cast her eyes down and said, “Children shouldn’t use such crude language, okay?” 
“Yeah right, as if!” The boy seemed a little angry. He retorted, “Do you know why Tom’s grandma lived till she was 108 years old?” 
Nora: “?”
“Because she doesn’t ever meddle in other people’s business Do you think you can lecture me when even my father hasn’t said anything?” Nora’s eyes turned cold. She was about to say something when Pete suddenly lost his temper. “Apologize to my mother!” “I won’t! Why should I?!” 
Pete snorted coldly. “If you don’t, then Cherry and I won’t talk to you anymore!” 
“So be it. I have nothing to lose anyway. Do you think I’m afraid of you?” 
Pete looked at Cherry. 
Cherry had also gotten angry. To be honest, Cherry was actually the most protective of Nora among the few of them. She immediately said, “If you don’t apologize, then we won’t talk to you anymore!” 
“Hmph! Then this friendship is over!” 
Cherry hung up on him straightaway when the little fellow said that. 
Cherry was a little upset. She stared at the phone for a while before she finally looked at Nora and said, “Mommy, he’s too mean. Don’t be mad!” 
How would Nora possibly get mad at a child? 
She ruffled Cherry’s hair and nodded quietly. Then, she went downstairs for dinner. 
Upstairs. 
The boy called again after the phone call was disconnected. Cherry rejected the call. However, the boy persevered and called again. Cherry rejected the call again. 
In another country.
In a dim and gloomy room somewhere, barely any light lit up the room. Only the light from a bulb illuminated the basement. 
A boy who looked just like Justin sat at a desk. He stared at his cell phone and looked in silence at the screen that indicated that his phone call had been disconnected. He couldn’t help but curl his lips disdainfully. “HmphHow dare she keep rejecting my calls. She must be sick of living!” 
He threw the phone aside. Then, he looked at the rabbits, puppies, and kittens in the cages outside. 
He got up, walked over, and squatted in front of a rabbit. 
The rabbit lay there on the verge of death. 
The little fellow kept quiet for a while. Then, he said, “No. 3, are you still alive? You must stay strong!” 
The little bunny’s ears moved, but it didn’t get 
up. 
The little boy sighed. “They’ve gouged out your heart. Puppy No. 3 beside you just so happens to have an extra heart. Say, if I put its heart in your chest, will you be able to live?” The little rabbit remained still and silent, its eyes closed. 
The little boy stretched out his arm and stroked its head as he threatened, “You mustn’t die. If you die, I will turn you into rabbit stew! You hear me? No. 3!” 
The bunny remained motionless. 
The little boy slowly heaved a sigh. Then, he looked at No. 4, No. 5, and No. 6 at the side.
He propped his chin on his hand and said, “I’ve done a search on the Internet. The doctor who can perform organ transplants the best now is Anti, a woman. I wonder if I’ll succeed if I learn from her?” 
He was babbling continuously to himself when someone suddenly opened the door. 
Then, a big and tall figure walked in. 
The light behind the man covered his face in darkness, so one couldn’t see clearly what he looked like. 
However, the little boy’s eyes lit up. “Daddy, you’re back?!” 
“Yeah, I’m back.” The man chuckled somewhat maliciously. His voice also sounded very shrill. He asked, “Xander, do you want to go to the United States?” 
The little boy was surprised. “The United States? For what? I don’t want to go, Daddy. I just want to stay here.” 
His fifteen rabbits and innumerable dogs and cats were still waiting for him to master medical skills so that he could save them! However, the man said, “Tsk, what am I to do, then? Someone has detained your aunt in New York, and they have demanded that you go over to take her place!” 
Xander scoffed and said indifferently, “I’m not going! Whoever wants to go there can go instead!” 
— 
After her meal, Nora looked at her cell phone and found that Justin had sent her a few messages. 
She gave him a call. 
Justin answered very quickly. The man’s voice was low and a little raspy as he asked, “You’re
up?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora responded. She stretched and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
“Do you remember who delivered the children for you back then?” 
Nora frowned at the question. 
Back then, Henry had thought of her pregnancy as a scandal, so she’d never had any maternity checkups done. Even until she gave birth, she had never had any checkups. 
She replied, “It’s a small clinic, I don’t quite remember anymore. Why?” 
Justin was silent for a moment. He’d initially wanted to hide it from her, but when he suddenly thought of Nora’s abilities and her identity, he came to terms with it. Thus, he voiced his guess. “Nora, is there a chance that you actually gave birth to triplets back then?”
###Chapter 616
Chapter 616 Too Many Children! 
Triplets? 
Nora subconsciously wanted to retort, “Do I look like an animal to you?” 
But when she was about to do so, she suddenly remembered that due to obstructed labor, she had actually passed out at one point during childbirth. 
From her perspective, she had only fainted for a short while at the time. She had regained consciousness after just a brief blackout. The doctor had then told her to continue pushing. 
Then, she gave birth to a child, who was taken away by Henry. When she got down from the delivery bed to take her child back, her belly acted up again, after which she gave birth to Cherry. 
She found Justin’s supposition too strange, so she couldn’t help but reply, “It’s not impossible, but the chances are very low.” 
Even she hadn’t noticed three different heartbeats in her belly during her pregnancy. 
Justin’s voice was full of joy. “Really? Then I’ll get them to send the child back. When he’s here, let’s have a DNA test done.” 
Seeing that he was being so anxious about it, Nora didn’t really have any ions, either. “Alright.” 
However, at the bottom of her heart, she didn’t hold out much hope. 
She understood how Justin felt, though. Even she would find it fairly disgusting if he had a child with another woman, let alone Justin himself. 
Besides, she wasn’t that much of a saint that she could treat Ruth’s child like her own.
If Ruth and Justin really had a child together, would she and Justin be able to remain as they were? She couldn’t guarantee it, nor could she imagine it. 
She was too lazy to deal with overly complicated relationships. 
After hanging up the phone, Nora returned to the bedroom. 
Cherry was playing games while Pete was studying. Mia was seated next to Pete, her chin on her hand as she watched him while nodding off. 
Pete sighed helplessly. “Mia, why don’t you climb onto the bed and nap for a while?” 
Mia immediately sat up straight. “I am not sleepy, Pete!” Pete: “…” 
Cherry glanced at her. Although puzzled, she continued to play her game with her head down. While she was playing, she said, “Pete, that boy is calling me again. Should I answer?” 
“No, you’re not allowed to answer unless he apologizes to Mommy!” “Okie-Dokie!” In a soft and tender voice, Cherry replied, “I’ll do as you say, Pete!” 
Pete was very satisfied. However, he was very curious. “How did you meet him?” 
Cherry tilted her head and replied, “I once went to play with Princess Lucy. You know how the royal family has a lot of rules and regulations, right? Princess Lucy was taking etiquette lessons at that time, so out of boredom, I started playing with my phone. Then, someone nearby sent me a message. Without thinking too much about it, I added them back and we chatted a little. That boy is very strange. He only talks to me when it’s late in the night, and the things he says are also very confusing. But he is very smart and he taught himself a lot of things! I hadn’t contacted him for a very long time. If it weren’t because you were forcing me to study, I wouldn’t have remembered him either!” 
Nora: “?” 
She narrowed her eyes. 
Princess Lucy was Cherry’s good friend in the UK. The little girl often visited her, but because Nora needed sleep, it was usually her aunt who took her there. 
If she had added him as a friend when she was in the palace, wouldn’t that mean that the boy had been near the palace? Or even living in the palace itself? 
Princess Lucy was part of the UK’s royal family. Why would there be unrelated people in the palace? 
So, just who exactly was that boy? 
While musing over it, her phone rang again. 
When she answered, Morris’ voice came from the other side. “Ms. Smith, Caleb Gray has successfully returned to the mysterious organization. He said that he will help us find the location of the mysterious organization’s headquarters in the near future.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora responded indifferently. 
Although she sounded indifferent, she had cast her eyes down coldly. 
Her mother had been driven to her grave by the mysterious organization. She would definitely avenge her! 
She asked, “Haven’t you guys found any clues during all these years?”
Morris was silent for a while before he sighed and replied, “It’s very difficult for us to look for clues. First of all, it’s inconvenient for us to do anything abroad. Secondly, they seem to be protected by very powerful people… Furthermore, there are many places abroad that even the Interpol can’t reach.” 
Nora understood. 
Not every country was like the United States. There were still many countries with a monarchy. The UK was a country like that. 
It was just like how there was a mysterious child hiding in Princess Lucy’s palace, yet no one could go in and investigate! 
As the two didn’t have anything else to share with each other, Nora hung up the phone. 
Elsewhere. 
Justin tapped the sofa with his finger lightly. 
He was musing over something with a frown. 
Next to him, Lawrence felt like his boss had gone a little bonkers. 
Just now, he had dispatched someone to California to investigate the person who delivered the children for Ms. Smith back then. The two were currently waiting for news. 
How could that kid possibly be the boss and Ms. Smith’s, though? And why would their child possibly end up in Ruth’s hands? On top of that, he was even in Trueman’s clutches… 
These things were simply too complicated. 
But wasn’t it exactly just as strange back then?
Someone had called and said that his boss had a child and that he was about to die. When his boss went to the specified location, he had really found Pete… 
That wasn’t all. Later, they met Cherry, and now, there was Xander too? Surely there wouldn’t be a fourth, fifth, and sixth child, right? That would be too many children! 
While he was thinking, agitated footsteps rang out outside the door. 
Sean walked in. He looked at Justin and said in a low voice, “I’ve found information about that small clinic!”
###Chapter 617
Chapter 617 You Are Not My Mother 
Justin subconsciously sat up straight. He lowered his voice and instructed, “Speak.” 
Sean said, “That small clinic had only one doctor when Ms. Smith gave birth. After that, the doctor went abroad for further studies and has not returned to the country since. I’ve checked his family background and found that he was unmarried back then. Both parents have died, so he doesn’t have any family anymore.” 
Sean then paused and said, “During my investigation, I discovered that Ms. Smith had already sent someone to look for him when she was living abroad. After returning to the country, she had searched for him again. She was probably searching for the little mister at that time, but she couldn’t find the doctor.” 
Nora had told him all that on the phone just now. 
Nora would definitely tackle the problem from a few different angles when she was searching for her child. Yet despite her abilities, she still hadn’t managed to find the man. This showed that the man had hidden himself very well. 
Justin’s long slender fingers tapped against the sofa. 
Lawrence became anxious. “What are you doing? You can’t even find a doctor from some small clinic?” 
Sean glanced at him silently and said nothing. Lawrence lifted his chin, looked at Justin, and asked, “Boss, what should we do?” 
Justin suddenly said, “We can’t find him, but surely there is someone else we can ask?” 
Lawrence asked, “Who?”
Sean seemed to understand something. He nodded and said, “You’re right. I will send some men to look for him right away.” 
Lawrence: “?” 
After saying that, Sean went out. 
Lawrence immediately looked at Justin. “Boss, who are you looking for?” 
Justin glanced at him indifferently. Then, he answered, “Henry Smith.” 
When Lawrence heard this, he suddenly realized something. “You’re right! Henry Smith watched Ms. Smith’s entire childbirth, so he must know how many children she gave birth to! Why didn’t I think of that? After his wife and daughter betrayed him, he didn’t even have money to buy a plane ticket home. Our men schemed and made him a beggar, so he must still be under our surveillance now! We just need to find him and we’ll know what we wanna know!” 
Justin listened to him prattle on and on. Then, he nodded. “Yes, you are right.” Lawrence touched his head. “I also think I’m really smart. To think I understood Boss’ thoughts right away.” He completely forgot that Sean had immediately understood what Justin meant with just one sentence from him, and had already left to get things done by then. 
Justin gave Lawrence a disdainful look. Then, he asked, “How is that person in the basement?” 
Lawrence, who had underperformed next to Sean just now, was just thinking of proving himself. At Justin’s question, he hurriedly replied, “Don’t worry, Boss, our men are watching her. We won’t let her escape! We have also given her a cell phone to let her contact her people abroad. She has been making frequent calls almost every day and begging her brother to send the child here!” “Oh,” said Justin. 
Just as he got up and was about to go out, Lawrence suddenly asked, “Boss, it’s been almost three days. Are you really not going to give her any food?”
Since that day, Ruth had been imprisoned in the basement. Justin had also left instructions forbidding anyone from giving her food. 
The basement had a bathroom with water in it. 
However, there was nothing to eat there. Ruth had already asked for food several times over the last few days! 
It had been three whole days. She was close to starving to death. 
Lawrence was also afraid that she would really starve to death. That was why he had asked about it. 
Unexpectedly, Justin replied coldly, “She won’t die of hunger. Of course, if the child doesn’t return within ten days, then it won’t matter even if she starves to death.” 
If Trueman didn’t send the child back, then it would mean that he didn’t care in the least whether Ruth lived or died. 
In that case, why should he care?! 
Lawrence swallowed. He felt that there was murderous intent in his boss’ voice when he said that. It was only then he realized that his boss had really become angry this time. 
His boss rarely got angry for real. After all, he could pretty much solve every problem with just a wave of his hand. For him to become so angry this time… Surely it wasn’t because Ruth’s existence had made Ms. Smith jealous, right? 
Lawrence felt like he had figured something out.
Justin couldn’t be bothered to go to the basement. Or rather, the sight of Ruth made him sick, so he didn’t want to go. Lawrence, however, had to go. 
After all, he had to remind and urge her several times a day to call her people overseas. 
When Lawrence went down to the basement, he saw Ruth lying on the ground and eating… paper towels. She was in a pathetic state. Her hair was greasy and stuck to her face while her cheeks were sunken in from hunger, making her look a little scary. After going hungry for three days, she had probably lost a few pounds. 
Lawrence tutted a couple of times. 
At the sight of him, Ruth put down the paper towels in her hand. She stared at Lawrence, her eyes fierce and vicious. She said, “Give me something to eat! My son is about to come back to the country soon. When he does, he will become a Hunt! Even if Mr. Hunt does not give me the status I deserve, he still has to acknowledge his son! My son will be the head of the Hunts in the future! Lawrence, aren’t you afraid that my son will make life difficult for you in the future if you treat me like this?!” 
Lawrence: “?” 
He scoffed and threw the phone to Ruth. “Time for you to make a call. If you want food, then we’ll talk about it when your son arrives! Just like you said, he is a Hunt. If he says the word, who would dare starve you?” 
Ruth bit her lip, picked up the phone, and called Xander. 
She had no other choice. Trueman had said that Xander didn’t want to come. He had to respect his will. 
Ruth’s eyes flashed with hatred when she thought of this.
Was there even a need to respect his will? He was just a sh*tty kid! They had raised him for so long. What was the big deal about making him return to the States to save her? Shouldn’t he do that? That kid was a total devil! 
While thinking about it, she took a deep breath. 
The call was quickly connected. 
Xander’s devilish voice rang out. “Aunt Ruth, what do you want this time?” 
Ruth got a shock when she heard the word “aunt”, and she glanced at Lawrence. She quickly lowered her voice and said, “How many times have I told you this? You have to call me Mom!” 
“Tsk, did you give birth to me? Why should I call you Mom?” Ruth was so angry that she yelled, “Xander!” 
“I’m still here, you don’t have to be so loud. I can hear you.” 
Ruth took a deep breath and suppressed her anger. “Xander, be good, hurry and come and save me, okay? There are a lot of fun things to do in America!” 
“Wow, really?” Ruth nodded. “Yes, yes, of course. If you come here, I can buy you lots of things.” 
“Oh, I don’t need anything.” 
“Is there anything else you need? If not, then I’m hanging up. Also, Aunt Ruth, don’t ever talk about being my mother or whatnot anymore. My mom is the woman who gave birth to me, not you!” 
Elsewhere. 
Lawrence was eavesdropping on their conversation with a listening device.
###Chapter 618
Chapter 618 Putting The Cards On The Table 
He heard clearly everything that Ruth said. 
However, he could only hear static noise coming from the other side. 
Obviously, the other party also had a very powerful hacker who could block his signal, so only Ruth could hear the voice. 
Lawrence frowned and put down the listening device altogether. He went up to Ruth and turned on the speaker mode on the cell phone. 
Ruth had already known this when she made the call, of course. That was why she had called Xander with peace of mind and hadn’t been afraid that he might let something slip. After all, Xander’s phone had been modified, so no one could listen in on his voice. 
But with Lawrence switching on the speaker mode so blatantly, she immediately said, “Xander, behave. Hurry up and come to America to look for me. I promise I won’t touch your rabbits anymore when I go back!” 
When Xander heard this, his voice suddenly rose. “Really?” 
Xander, who grew up in the basement, had never been allowed to go out. His father was the only one who had accompanied him and taught him everything. He was also able to teach himself a lot of things through online classes. 
His father was very busy sometimes, so he could only stay in the basement by himself. 
The little rabbits, cats, and dogs had accompanied him for many years. They were his closest friends, but those friends of his were instead the adults’ tools for experiments.
Xander was very unhappy about this. 
But he didn’t know how to fight back. Having grown up there, he didn’t even know that he could fight back. He just wanted to save the rabbits and keep his little friends alive. 
Therefore, if an organ transplant was possible, then he was willing to do it! 
In his world, there was only life and death. There was no right or wrong! 
Even if sewing a dog’s head onto a cat’s body was a serious violation of natural science and went against humanity’s moral compass, for him, as long as it could keep Dog No. 6 alive, nothing else mattered. 
Ruth nodded. “Yes!” 
Xander hesitated for a moment. Then, he said, “Alright, then.” 
Ruth breathed a sigh of relief. “Come over as soon as you can!” 
“Okay, okay. You’re so annoying!” 
Xander hung up the phone. 
Ruth breathed a sigh of relief. When she handed the phone to Lawrence, she said weakly, “Mr. Zimmer, I hope you’ll keep your word. The day Xander arrives at the manor, you must send me food!” 
Lawrence picked up the phone and nodded. “Of course.” 
— 
Justin drove to the Smiths’.
When he entered, he found Nora lying on the bed, her head rested on one hand as she watched Cherry and Pete. 
She had her phone in her hand and she glanced at it from time to time. 
Seeing the three of them peaceful and happy, Justin fell silent for a while. 
He walked over and sat beside Nora. 
Nora glanced at him and said, “You’re here.” 
“Yeah.” 
Justin sat at the edge of the bed. He stared at her for a while before he suddenly chuckled and asked, “Are you jealous?” 
“No.” 
Nora replied calmly, “If I have the time for that, I might as well use that time to make up for lost sleep instead.” 
Justin: “?” 
He narrowed his eyes a little and then sighed. “Nora, I feel that this incident has at least proven one thing.” 
Nora looked at him. “What is it?” 
“It at least proves that I am serious about you, rather than making do because of the kids.” 
Justin looked at her earnestly, his gaze deep and bottomless, making them look particularly devoted and affectionate.
Even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye looked a little more serious than usual. 
Nora felt as if her heart had been coated in honey. It felt like a ray of sunlight had suddenly shone through the skies after it had been dark for several days. 
She had never known that this was what being in love felt like. A single sentence from him could make her so happy. 
Despite that, she turned away and with her cheeks burning a little, replied, “Oh.” 
The man kept quiet for a while. Then, he suddenly asked, “What about you?” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Justin continued gazing at her. “Are you only with me because of the children?” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment. 
To be honest, someone with a personality like hers did not understand what being in love was. 
When she first learned that Justin was Pete’s father, she had been wary of him and had feared that the man would take the child away after he knew the truth. 
After all, her first reaction was also to take the two kids and go out of the country immediately. But what had happened later? When did that man slowly make his way into her heart without her even realizing it? 
Justin looked at her seriously. 
His heart slowly sank.
To be honest, he had been thinking about this problem all this time. He had always known that he was the one who had been acting and pretending not to know the truth, and insisting that Nora was in love with him. That was how the two of them had gradually gotten together. 
It could be said that he was the one who had been putting in the effort in their relationship all this time. 
If there were 100 steps between the two of them, then he had already taken 99 steps. There was only one last step left now… 
In the past, he had never dared to hope for Nora to respond. 
After all, even if he had forced her into it or tricked her into it, the woman was already his. They also had two children. It seemed like from the moment the truth was revealed, they had naturally gotten together and were like an old married couple. 
At the same time, it was also as though they were making do and living like this for the sake of the children. 
But Justin was starting to dislike such days more and more. 
He’d originally thought that he wasn’t bothered about Nora’s stance, but now… 
He wanted Nora to take that step. 
He observed Nora’s expression seriously, but instead saw hesitation, confusion, and even puzzlement on her face… 
These were all emotions that he didn’t want to see. 
The shyness and love that he had wanted to see the most were nowhere to be seen!
The smile on Justin’s face slowly disappeared, and his expression became serious. 
He was still waiting, waiting for her answer. 
One minute passed… 
Two minutes passed… 
Even after three minutes passed, the woman still did not speak. This caused a sense of loss and pain to suddenly surge up in Justin. 
She had never actually given their relationship proper thought before, right? 
Justin suddenly stood up. “I get it.” 
That woman didn’t have a heart at all. 
Perhaps her feelings for him weren’t even of love! 
Justin was extremely depressed. He restrained his anger and then looked at Cherry and Pete, only to see the children looking at him worriedly. 
He suppressed his sadness and hesitation and ruffled Cherry’s hair. Then, he got up and walked out. 
The truth was so cruel. 
Yet despite knowing the truth, he still didn’t want to let go. 
He walked rather quickly. Soon, he came to the parking lot. 
He put his hand on the car door handle. Just as he was about to open the door and enter, a delicate arm reached over and held the door down.
Surprised, Justin’s head turned to the side abruptly to see Nora looking at him. 
His heart suddenly started to pound.
###Chapter 619
Chapter 619 How Is She Different? 
Nora chased after him. Was she going to say something? 
Justin looked at the woman expectantly. 
Then, she said, “You’re leaving now?” 
The woman’s voice was lazy and filled with confusion. 
Justin: “…” 
He knew that this woman did not know how to be flirtatious. 
He lowered his eyes and sighed. “Yes, I have something to do at the company.” 
He suppressed the unhappiness in his heart and said in a fit of pique, “Is there anything else?” 
“Yes, there is.” 
Nora said word by word, “When I first interacted with you, it was indeed because of the children. And I actually had no plans to get married in this life.” 
Justin’s heart slowly sank. 
The woman leaned against his car and raised her chin slightly. Her almond-shaped eyes were staring into the distance. “You also know that I was very fat when I was young. I was humiliated and scolded by others. At that time, I wanted to live alone in the future. Later on, when I had a child, although I was very curious about how she came to be, I took things as they came. I slowly understood that I could live with the child and I did not need a man to rely on.”
She had her own hands and feet. If she was capable, what man did she need to rely on? Justin’s heart sank. 
He sighed. 
Indeed, many women looked for men to rely on, but this kind of love was wrong in itself. 
Marriage should be for both parties to rely on each other, not purely on men. If a woman looked for a man only to find someone to rely on, then in such a relationship, the woman would naturally be at a disadvantage. 
He had never planned to get married before. He even felt that life would be better if he only had Pete. 
But later… 
As he was thinking, he heard Nora say again, “Later on, when I met you, I slowly came in contact with you. I felt very comfortable being with you. The two of us were always honest with each other, and you always acted like a qualified father..” 
Hearing that they were honest with each other, Justin’s eyes shook guiltily. However, when he heard that he was a qualified father, he felt sad again. 
In her heart, was he just a qualified father? 
But he did not want her to accept him just for his role as a father! 
As he thought about this, he heard Nora say, “After that, I realized that I was treating you a little differently.” 
Justin’s disappointed heart suddenly lit up.
A light flashed across his long and narrow eyes as he asked, “What’s different?” Nora tilted her head. “It’s just different.” 
Justin was very anxious. “Where?” 
“It’s different everywhere.” 
“Where?” 
“…Anyway, it’s different!” 
Justin laughed softly. 
– 
On the second floor. 
Ian stretched his neck and stared into the distance, holding a telescope in his hand. “Justin doesn’t look too good. Did they quarrel? You just passed by there. Did you hear anything?” 
The butler said, “I only heard Mr. Hunt asking Miss Smith ‘where’…” 
“Where…” Ian thought about it carefully. “I understand. Are they discussing where to go for a vacation?” 
The butler: “?” 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He looked at Ian and suddenly asked, “Old sir, don’t you care if the Internet says that Mr. Hunt raped a woman a few years ago?” 
As soon as he said this, Ian glanced at him. “Butler, you have to look beyond the surface. How could Justin take a liking to that ordinary-looking woman? Unless he’s blind! Even if the Internet is in an uproar, it must be Justin and Nora’s plan. This is not the main question!”
The butler asked, “Then what is?” 
Ian frowned and looked down. “The main question is where are they going?” 
The butler was speechless. 
Ian put on his reading glasses and took out a map. “Which places did Yvette want to go for her honeymoon years ago?” The butler: “…” 
Ian looked at the map for a while and then looked outside. 
The butler suddenly asked, “Old sir, do you agree with Mr. Hunt and Miss Smith’s relationship now?” 
Ian sighed. “I just feel that I’ve never seen Nora smile like this before.” 
As long as she had that smile, how could he bear to stop them? 
Sigh! 
Nora and Justin played around for a while. When Justin questioned her, she took two steps back with a smile on her face. 
Her almond-shaped eyes curved slightly, making her look cheerful. She was no longer as cold as she usually was. 
In the end, Justin lost. 
He knew that this woman was not flirtatious. It was already enough that she could say something different. It was probably impossible for her to say things like she liked him or loved him. 
Forget it, this was it!
When Nora was not looking, he suddenly rubbed her head. Her long and soft hair was as smooth as silk in his hands, making him love her so much that he could not bear to let go. 
Unfortunately, Nora lowered her head and avoided it. “Can you go upstairs now and continue to be a good father?” Justin smiled. “There’s really something going on in my company.” 
Nora: “?” 
The mole between Justin’s eyes seemed to be smiling. “It’s true.” 
Nora finally understood. So this man had just left in frustration earlier and was not really sad? 
She seemed to have been deceived by his appearance again! 
Nora took a deep breath and took a step back to give way. “Alright, go!” 
Justin nodded happily and got into the car to leave. 
– 
When he arrived at the company, Sean and Lawrence happened to catch up. 
Lawrence instructed, “Boss, I keep feeling that Ruth doesn’t have a good relationship with that child. Perhaps the child really isn’t hers. Besides, the other party has a mysterious hacker who blocked the signal, preventing me from hearing what he said.” 
Justin lowered his eyes. “That’s not unusual.” 
The mysterious organization had existed for so many years and even had a tendency to expand day by day. There had to be a lot of power within, so what was strange about a hacker who could block their signals? As he was thinking, Sean said, “Boss, our people went to look for Henry.”
This sentence made Justin stop in his tracks and look at him. “And?” 
Sean sighed. “He’s dead!” 
These words made Lawrence and Justin’s pupils shrink. 
Lawrence asked nervously, “What’s going on? Didn’t our people follow him all the time?” In order to punish Henry, Justin had someone steal his driver’s license and money, making him unable to leave New York. 
Ever since then, he had been begging for a 
living 
However, he had always been under Justin’s surveillance. 
Logically speaking, bringing him over was a simple matter, but now, it had suddenly turned out like this… 
Sean said, “I also learned about it just now. It happened yesterday. He and a group of beggars were fighting for food, but our people did not see it. When he separated from those people, he kept clutching his stomach and staggered. When he fell to the ground, our people rushed forward and realized that he had been stabbed in the stomach. He died in the hospital today.” 
When Lawrence heard this, he said angrily, “How did he die? Your people are too useless. What should we do now?” 
Sean did not speak. 
Justin suddenly lowered his eyes. “His death only proves our suspicions”
###Chapter 620
Chapter 620 Xander Yale Is Here!! 
Everyone shut their mouths at this. 
Sean nodded. “Yes.” 
He and Justin looked at each other. 
Lawrence thought carefully and came to a realization. “Yes, this is too coincidental! The organization ignored Henry till now, but when the child’s existence was revealed, they suddenly killed him! If it were in the past, we would have wondered if the doctor who delivered the child had been sent overseas by Henry or by the mysterious organization. But now, it seems obvious that it was the mysterious organization! There’s indeed a problem with Xander’s identity!” 
Seeing that he was finally being smart, Sean gave him a thumbs up. 
Lawrence was speechless. 
Justin did not say anything and went upstairs. 
The two of them followed behind him. Justin asked, “Have you asked Ruth when that child will get here?” 
Lawrence said, “Yes, our people call her every hour. Besides, she’s very hungry. She doesn’t need us to rush her now. She’s already taking the initiative to call.” 
“Yes.” 
When they went upstairs, Justin sat on the sofa. 
His long fingers tapped the table as if he was waiting for something.
At this moment, his phone rang. 
Justin looked down and realized that it was an unknown number. 
He picked it up and a sharp voice came from the other end. “Mr. Hunt, the mysterious organization has never thought of you as our enemy.” 
Justin paused and suddenly asked, “Trueman?” 
“Yes, it’s me.” 
Trueman said, “My sister was insensible back then and hid your child in secret. In the end, she took root and gritted her teeth. However, for so many years, this child has always been kept safe and healthy. On the account that I took care of him for five years, why don’t you spare my sister’s life?” Justin sneered. “Are you sure she gave birth to the child?” 
“Of course, I’m very sure.” Trueman smiled. “If you can guarantee that you won’t kill my sister, I’ll send Xander back to the country.” 
Justin said, “Send him back first. We’ll discuss the rest when the child comes to New York!” 
Trueman suddenly sneered. “Mr. Hunt, I thought this was a fair deal.” 
“Is that so?” Justin said calmly. “With me, it doesn’t matter if the transactions are fair or not. It all depends on my will! I’ll give you two days. If the child hasn’t arrived by then, your sister’s life will be gone!” 
Trueman sneered. “Don’t you even want to negotiate, Mr. Hunt? Why?” 
Justin didn’t say anything. 
Trueman knew that he wanted to ask for more. He suddenly laughed. “Alright, Ruth is not that important here. I’ve already sent the child back to you. Mr. Hunt, remember to pick him up~” As soon as he finished
speaking, Trueman hung up. 
His sudden retreat made Justin frown. 
Lawrence and Sean stood beside Justin. The two of them asked hesitantly, “Boss, why did Trueman suddenly give up?” Justin lowered his eyes and said, “When Ruth appeared in front of me and came here, she had actually been abandoned. Trueman has never cared about this sister.” 
Lawrence was puzzled. “Then why did he still give in and send the child over?” 
Sean also clenched his jaw. 
However, Justin suddenly said, “He didn’t say, so he must have bigger plans! We have to be careful. Double the number of secret guards around the Smiths.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Currently, Cherry and Pete were both living in the Smiths. Other than the Smiths’ own secret guards, the Hunts had also sent many people over and surrounded the Smiths like an iron bucket. 
Justin had a feeling that although Trueman had been forced to leave New York, he still had a big move left. He definitely had a trump card. 
Perhaps there would be a bloodbath in the future! 
— 
Cherry’s phone rang again. She glanced at it and realized that it was still a Facebook voice message. She cut off his voice again and sent a voice message. “If you don’t apologize to my mother, I won’t talk to you!”
In the end, the other party also sent a string of voice messages. Cherry stared at it curiously for a while and could not help but open it. She heard the other party’s naughty voice. “Good sister, I’m in New York!” 
When he said this, Cherry was instantly surprised. She asked in a voice message, “What are you doing here?” 
“Of course… I’m here to apologize to your mother in person!” 
The other party replied. 
Cherry: “” 
She had chatted with him for about half a year and would not believe that he had suddenly become a good person. The corners of Cherry’s mouth twitched. “Why don’t I believe you?” 
The other party: “You disappoint me too much. How can you not believe me? Aren’t we good friends? You should understand me. If you don’t believe me… You’re right, hahaha!” 
Cherry: “!!” 
She was so angry that she threw her phone on the table and ignored him! 
This boy was too bad. He was not as good as her brother at all! 
— 
At the same time, outside the Hunts’ house. 
A small figure stood there. After sending the voice message, he threw the phone into his pocket. 
Then, he looked at the door in front of him.
Dad had asked him to come here and had said that his biological father was here. 
Only then did he realize that Trueman was not his biological father. Pfft, he was not his Trueman’s biological son. Other than having an unknown mother, he also had a father? 
This couple was really ruthless. It had been five years, but they had never looked for him. 
Moreover, it seemed like his biological father did not like him? 
He sneered and walked forward to knock on the Hunts’ metal door. “Who is it?” 
The guard inside asked. 
The little fella shouted, “It’s me! I’m looking for Justin!” 
The guard was stunned. “Who are you?” 
The little fella placed his hands on his hips and sneered. “I’m your grandfather! Open the door! I’m looking for Justin!!” 
At the Hunt Corporation. 
Justin, who had received the news, stood up immediately. As he walked to the Hunt Manor, he said to the butler, “Pick up some of his DNA samples and send them to Miss Smith immediately.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
He did not expect this child to come so quickly and suddenly.
###Chapter 621
Chapter 621 Little Devil! 
“Mrs. Hunt, something big has happened! Someone who looks identical to Mr. Hunt has come to our door and he claims to be Mr. Hunt’s son!” 
Mrs. Hunt was drinking afternoon tea when her personal butler rushed over and told her what had happened at the door. 
The old lady was shocked and stood up suddenly. “What?” 
She swallowed. “Who gave birth to that child? What’s wrong with Justin? How many children does he have out there?!” 
The butler: “…” 
Yes, he had become a father once five years ago. Now, he was going to be a father again! 
Mrs. Hunt held the butler’s hand. “Let’s go and take a look!” 
On the way, she could not help but say to the butler, “You have to keep this matter a secret! Don’t let the Smiths hear about it!” 
The butler was stunned. “Didn’t you disagree to this marriage with the Smiths?” 
“What nonsense are you talking about? In all of New York, the only person worthy of being pampered is the eldest daughter of the Smiths. Yvonne is gone, and now, only Nora is left. Furthermore, she’s Pete’s mother! What I’m worried about now is that if the Smiths find out about this child, they will call off the engagement!”
Mrs. Hunt frowned. When she thought of her maiden family’s matters… she lowered her voice even more. “Besides, we have a request for her now!” 
The butler immediately understood and nodded. 
When the two of them arrived at Justin’s villa, they happened to hear a low cry coming from inside! 
She rushed in and saw a little boy carrying a black backpack. He was holding a bodyguard’s hand and biting it. 
The bodyguard wanted to snatch his finger back, but he was afraid that it would hurt his teeth. If he did not use force, his fingers could not be retracted. 
This little brat was using all his strength to bite him! 
The steward beside him was Justin’s trusted aide and was loyal to him. When he saw this, he shouted anxiously from the side, “Xander, let go of his hand! His fingers will break off if you keep biting!” 
Xander glared at him with a pair of long, narrow eyes identical to Justin’s. He refused to let go and muttered something. 
The butler couldn’t hear him clearly, so he said, “We just want to take your saliva. We don’t plan on harming you!” 
Xander continued to growl. 
The butler said, “I swear, I’m really not trying to hurt you! It’s just that you said you’re Mr. Hunt’s son. Shouldn’t we go and check? What if he’s not your father? You don’t want to call a stranger your father, do you?” 
Hearing this, Xander’s eyes darted around before he finally let go.
The bodyguard’s fingers had already been bloodied. There was a row of small teeth marks, and it was shocking. 
The butler wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and heard Xander say, “You have to tell me before doing such things, okay? You didn’t say anything and stuffed a cotton bud into my mouth. I thought you making me eat it!” 
The butler: “…” 
The butler was speechless and simply nodded. “Yes, yes, yes. You’re right!” 
Only then did Xander open his mouth. “Hurry up and take it. I also want to know if Justin is my father!” 
If not, he would be anxious to go back and see his bunny No. 3 and 4! 
The other bodyguard stepped forward in fear and took out a cotton bud. “Xander, don’t bite 
me!” 
Xander raised his brows. 
The bodyguard reached into his mouth and stirred the cotton bud at his throat. Just as he was about to take his hand out, Xander suddenly pretended to bite. 
The bodyguard was so frightened that he hurriedly took a step back and staggered. “Hahahahahaha!” Xander pointed at the bodyguard and raised his head to laugh. He looked arrogant and wanton, but his eyes were filled with mischief. “How fun!” 
The butler: “…”
He suddenly missed Pete. 
When Pete was young, he was autistic and did not like to talk much. He hid in a corner quietly. He was the opposite of this little demon who played with people everywhere? 
He wiped his forehead and carefully placed the cotton bud in the bag. Then, he got someone to send it to Nora. 
After sending him off, he turned around and saw that Mrs. Hunt was already standing in front of Xander. She asked in a trembling voice, “You’re Justin’s son? Where’s your mother?” 
“What about you?” Xander asked. “Old grandma, are you Justin’s mother? Aren’t you too old and ugly? Don’t tell me Justin looks like you and is very ugly? I don’t think I’m his 
son!” 
Mrs. Hunt:  
She took a step back and pointed at Xander. “You, you, you…” 
Xander took two steps toward the butler and said in disdain, “Butler, she’s already demented. Why is she still living here? Shouldn’t she be sent to a nursing home?” 
The butler: “?” 
Mrs. Hunt:? 
The butler beside Mrs. Hunt said, “Mrs. Hunt isn’t demented!” 
Xander blinked. “Is that so? Then she stammers? It’s so fun. Old Grandma, how old are you?” 
Everyone: “!”
Mrs. Hunt was indeed old, but because of the Hunts’ high status, no one had dared to speak to her like this all these years. 
Her hands immediately trembled in anger as she pointed at Xander and shouted angrily, “You, you, you!” 
“My name is Xander. Can you call me by my 
name?” 
Xander’s eyes were extremely bright like black grapes and were filled with anticipation. “If you stammer, won’t you be calling me Xan, Xan, Xan… Hahahaha!” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She rolled her eyes in anger and fell back. 
“Mrs. Hunt!” 
The butler cried out in shock and hurriedly grabbed Mrs. Hunt. “Hurry, call the family doctor over!” 
Therefore, when Justin came back, he saw that Mrs. Hunt had been carried out. He could only go to Mrs. Hunt without looking at Xander. 
Mrs. Hunt had just fainted from provocation. The family doctor measured her blood pressure, gave her some medicine, and used Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill to calm her down. 
Mrs. Hunt stared at Justin. “Justin! W-Where did you get such a son?!” 
Justin: “…” 
When the old lady finished speaking, she was frightened. 
She covered her mouth. Why did she really start to stammer?
At the Smiths. 
After the Hunts sent Xander’s DNA sample over, Nora drove straight to the hospital. 
After all, it was time to check up on Quentin’s again. 
Just as she arrived at the door of the ward, she heard Quentin say to Lily, “You don’t seem very busy lately?” 
Lily nodded. “Yes. Boss hasn’t asked me to do a DNA test for a long time, after all. It’s simply awesome! You don’t know it, but I’m a top student. How can I do such menial tasks every day? That’s simply an insult to me!”
###Chapter 622
Chapter 622 Call Me Daddy a Hundred Times 
Quentin nodded. “Yes. Wherever there’s pressure, there’s resistance!” 
Nora pushed the door open and entered. 
The two of them looked at her in unison. Quentin was shocked and smiled awkwardly. “N-Nora, you didn’t eavesdrop on what we were saying earlier, did you?” 
Nora stepped forward. “No.” 
One word relieved the two of them. Then, the woman said casually, “Yes, I heard it openly.” 
The room was silent for a moment. Then, Nora took out the sample bag from her pocket and handed it to Lily. 
Lily: “…” 
Lily stared at the bag and winced. 
She had just told Quentin that she could not bear any more humiliation! 
For her face, she had to resist symbolically! 
She looked up at Nora and said, “Boss, you’re too much!” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Lily said forcefully, “You’re only giving me one bag. What do I compare it to?!” 
Quentin: “!”
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Oh, take my DNA.” Lily nodded and asked, “DNA of the cord blood or your current one?” 
After all, Nora’s DNA from the past was different from her current one. 
Nora said, “Check them both.” 
“Okay!” Lily took the bag and walked out. After taking two steps, she looked at Nora again. “Boss, I was just joking earlier. You know, I love it when others insult me!” 
Quentin looked at Lily’s departing back with a complicated expression and twitched the corners of his mouth. He felt that she was really hopeless! 
At the Hunts. 
After confirming that Mrs. Hunt was fine, Justin walked to his villa. 
When he entered, he saw the mini version of him sitting obediently at the dining table. He was staring at the plate of rabbit meat in front of him and crying. “Rabbits are so cute. How can you eat rabbit?!” 
With that, he raised his tear-stained face and looked at the cook accusingly. 
Justin stood at the door and did not move. He wanted to see what this child was planning. 
The chef was stunned. He stared at Xander and asked, “Xander, don’t cry. Then what do you want to eat? I’ll cook it for you!” 
Xander sighed. “I never eat small animals. They’re all living beings just like us humans! We can’t be so cruel!” 
The cook nodded.
Looking at the little fella, especially his cute appearance and fair skin, who anyone would want to pinch, he said, “Xander is really kind! Then why don’t I cook something different for you? How about braised carp?” 
“No, carps are small animals too. You can’t eat them!” 
Xander continued, “Puppies, kittens, rabbits, even little chicks, ducks, cows, little pigs. We can’t eat them!” 
The chef comforted him. “Xander, but you need nutrients to grow. You still have to eat meat!” 
“I see…” Xander sighed. “Actually, I do eat meat, but there’s nothing I like in this house.” 
The chef heaved a sigh of relief. “Then tell me, what do you want to eat? I’ll go out and buy it! There’s no meat our Hunts can’t buy in New York! If you want to eat seafood, we can get live fish sent by helicopter! Or we can buy wild animals from the mountains!” 
Xander stared at him and said softly, “Is that so? Coincidentally, what I like to eat is also seafood and wild game!” 
The chef smiled. “What do you want to eat?” 
Xander said, “If it’s seafood, I’ll eat sharks or whales. If it’s wild game, I like to eat tigers and leopards.” 
The chef was speechless. 
Xander stared at him and nodded. 
The chef was speechless.
The two of them looked at each other for a while. In the end, the chef lost and twitched his mouth. “Xander, I can’t buy those!” 
Xander tilted his head. He looked obedient, but the smile on his lips was like a demon. “But didn’t you say earlier that the Hunts can buy anything? I don’t want the stars or the moon but can’t I ask for any seafood or game?” 
Xander sighed. “Sigh, the Hunts are supposed to be the top family in New York, but I didn’t expect them to be so lame!” 
“Isn’t my cheap father a little too boastful?” 
Seeing that the chef was about to cry, Justin lowered his eyes and entered the room. He waved at the chef, and the latter finally heaved a sigh of relief and quickly slipped away. 
Xander turned his head when he heard the sound of footsteps. 
When he met Justin’s eyes, his gaze paused. 
Xander had actually seen Justin’s photo before he returned to the country, but he did not expect him to be even more good-looking than the photo. He was still filled with hostility when he had not seen his biological father. 
However, when he finally saw him, he pursed his lips. 
Suddenly, he said, “Are you my real father?” 
Justin stared at the little fella and did not miss the confusion that flashed across his eyes. He walked to Xander and sat opposite him. 
In this way, the two of them were sitting eye to eye.
Only then did Justin say, “If nothing unexpected happens, I should be.” 
“Okay.” Xander held his chin with both hands. “Then call me Daddy a hundred times before I acknowledge you.” 
Justin: “?” 
Xander raised his brows. “The Internet said that if you want to be a father, you have to be a son first! When a child is learning to speak, don’t you have to call him Daddy a hundred times before he says it? So…” 
Xander grinned and crooked his finger at Justin. “Call me Daddy a hundred times first and I’ll listen to you.” 
The dining room suddenly fell silent. 
Justin narrowed his eyes and stared at him. Suddenly, he smiled. “You’re wrong. Normal people need to be taught a hundred times, but my son, Pete, had learned it at once. Could it be that you’re stupider than Pete?” 
“How could that be?!” 
Xander was provoked. “My IQ is 303! I’m the world’s number one!” 
Last time, when he said 301, he was looked down upon. This time, he raised it by two. 
Justin nodded. “Yes, then you know everything without the need for me to teach you!” 
When Xander heard this, he shut his mouth. A hint of stubbornness suddenly flashed in his eyes. 
Justin looked at him as if he was a hedgehog with spikes all over his body. He also had a headache over this child.
At this moment, his phone rang. He lowered his head and saw that it was Nora. 
Justin was slightly stunned. He suddenly realized why she was calling. After picking up the call, he said, “The results are out?” “Yes.” 
The woman’s voice was very calm. “Where is he? I want to see him.”
###Chapter 623
Chapter 623 Nora is Here! 
Justin’s heart beat wildly. He did not expect Nora’s answer to be ‘Yes’, but he still said, “Okay, I’ll bring him to see you.” 
“No, I’ll come to you.” 
After Nora finished speaking, she hung up the phone. Justin did not know whether to laugh or cry. At the same time, he inexplicably began to feel uneasy. 
He, who was always calm and collected, actually had a scary thought at this moment. What if this child was not his and Nora’s but really belonged to him and another woman? 
Why didn’t Nora say a few more words earlier to let him know? 
As he was in thought, he turned around and saw Xander looking at him curiously. 
The child’s eyes were pure like a sheet of paper. However, when he looked over, Xander deliberately put on a calm and composed expression. 
The little man had his own pride, but the innocence that occasionally leaked out made Justin purse his lips. 
Justin admitted that the way Xander had secretly looked at him earlier had pierced his heart. It made him unable to hate or detest this child for a moment. 
He sighed silently and walked to Xander. He touched his head and was about to speak when Xander said, “Did you get a call from a Tigress?”
Justin: “?” 
Xander rolled his eyes. “Look at how scared you are!” 
The hand Justin had used to touch Xander’s head suddenly felt very itchy. He really wanted to give him a good beating on his butt. He said, “I haven’t beaten a child before.” 
Xander was stunned. He was about to speak when he said in a deep voice, “I hope you won’t give me a first time for it.” 
Xander was frightened! 
Justin pointed at the porridge on the table. “Eat.” 
Xander looked down at the food on the table and picked up a spoon to eat. 
Seeing that he had finally calmed down, Justin heaved a sigh of relief. When Xander was done eating, he said, “There will be a… beautiful aunt coming to see you later. I hope you can be more obedient, understand?” 
Regardless of whether Xander was Nora’s son or not, Justin did not want Nora to have a bad impression of Xander. 
Xander did not look like Cherry. She looked identical to Pete. Before he knew it, the two of them had already known each other for a while and developed deep feelings for each other. Xander was a complete stranger to Justin, and his personality was also very unpleasant. 
To Justin, if Nora and Xander got into a fight, or if Xander angered Nora and the two of them could not live under the same roof… 
Justin would definitely choose Nora and Cherry without hesitation.
When Xander heard him say this, he pursed his lips. “I’ve always been very obedient, okay?” 
Justin felt that this child might not understand the word obedient well. 
He sat beside him and sized him up. 
The little fella did not sit properly. He liked to curl his legs and move them continuously. He was like a child with ADHD who could not sit still for a moment. 
He wolfed down his food without any hesitation, like someone who had been hungry for a long time. 
Pete had grown up with him. Food, clothing, and housing were all arranged in strict plans. Even at a young age, he was very noble. 
Although Cherry was a little naughty, she was loved by everyone. Her words were especially pleasant to the ear, and her bearing was comparable to that of a foreign princess. 
He had heard from the little girl that her grandmother had hired a nanny for her. She was Princess Lucy’s family teacher at the palace in the UK. 
Comparing Xander to those two-they were simply incomparable. 
Justin really felt a headache this time. 
A person’s personality solidified at a young age. Later on in life, even if one could forcefully correct their habits, their personality could not be changed. 
Under Justin’s troubled gaze, Xander finished his meal.
He threw his spoon on the table casually. The dining table and the floor around him were filled with the dishes he had eaten. He patted his tummy and sighed. “Frank isn’t here, unfortunately. Otherwise, the ground would have definitely been licked clean by him.” 
Justin: “… Who’s Frank?” Xander: “My dog!” 
Justin’s temples throbbed. 
At this moment, Xander’s phone suddenly rang. He picked it up and Ruth’s voice came from the other end. “Xander, why are you still picking up the call? Have you left?” 
Xander stuck out a finger and dug his ears. He placed it at the front and blew on it before saying slowly, “Yes!” 
“That’s good, that’s very good!” Ruth’s voice was very weak. She was clearly extremely hungry. “Then what time is your flight? When can you get here?” 
Xander raised his brows. “In the morning.” 
“Morning? Then you’ll have to wait for a few hours. Why didn’t you ask your father to buy you the earliest flight?” 
Xander: “I meant yesterday morning.” 
“…” After a moment of silence, Ruth’s voice suddenly rose. “Yesterday morning? Then you haven’t boarded the plane yet? Or have you already arrived?” 
“I’m here!”
Xander continued slowly. 
Ruth: “!!” 
She was really anxious this time. “Why didn’t you tell me?!” 
“You didn’t ask me!” 
Xander was bold and confident. 
Ruth shouted, “Didn’t I tell you to contact me when you get here? Besides, I told you before, what do you have to do when you get here?” 
Xander: “I have to send you food. I remember it!” 
“… Then what are you doing now?” 
Xander blinked his eyes. “I’m eating!” 
“…What are you eating?! I’ve been hungry for five days! Hurry up and come down to bring some food to me!!” 
“What’s the hurry?” Xander’s voice was still slow and roguish. “You haven’t starved to death yet, right?” 
“Alright, alright. I’m coming. Stop screaming. You’re even worse than Frank.” 
The corners of Justin’s mouth twitched as he listened by the side. 
This brat’s ability to anger people was really good. 
He did not go to the basement because he could already feel Ruth’s hysteria!
Then, Justin saw Xander hang up the phone and look at him. Just as he thought Xander was going to ask if he could go to the basement, he asked, “Which room am I staying in?” 
Justin: “” 
At this moment, with a screech, the jeep stopped outside his villa. Nora strode in.
###Chapter 624
Chapter 624 Exposed! 
When he saw Nora, Justin hurriedly stood up and went out to welcome her. Xander whistled and said, “Your tigress is 
here?” 
Justin: “…” 
He gave Xander a warning look. After Xander shut his mouth, he looked at Nora again. 
Nora had already arrived in front of them. Her gaze avoided Justin and looked at Xander. 
Ignored, Justin’s lips twitched before he waved at Xander. “Come here.” 
Xander pursed his lips and walked to the two of them with a disdainful expression. Then, he glanced past Nora and looked at the sky. “Greet her.” 
Justin ordered. 
Xander raised his eyebrows. “Okay, you’re the one asking me to greet her.” 
Justin: “?” 
A bad feeling had just risen in his heart when he saw Xander wave at Nora. “Hello, tigress!” 
The entire living room suddenly fell silent. 
Nora frowned and looked at Justin. She asked coldly, “Did you ask him to call me that?”
Justin denied it flatly. “No.” 
Xander said, “It was you, Demon King. You made me call her that. How would I know what tigress means at my young age?” 
Justin: “…” 
This time, it was really difficult to explain. He wanted to explain, but he saw Nora frowning 
Justin’s heart instantly became even more perturbed. 
However, Nora was thinking. Why was this child’s tone so familiar? 
At this moment, her phone suddenly rang. Nora lowered her head and saw that it was Lily. She nodded at Justin and picked up the call. read-only on wuxia world site. The other party said something and she nodded. Then, she said that it had been hard on her and hung up. She looked up again and nodded at Justin. Justin said, “Take Xander to the room upstairs.” “Yes, sir.” 
The butler walked over smartly and said to Xander, “Xander, please follow me upstairs.” 
Xander glanced at Justin and looked at Nora again. His eyes darted around before he said, “Dad, can I go to the basement?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
Was this child finally thinking of Ruth? Had he realized his conscience? 
He lowered his eyes in thought for a moment and nodded. 
Then, Xander said, “She hasn’t eaten in a long time. Can I bring her something to eat?”
Justin did not want to leave any bad psychological trauma for the child. Furthermore, he had other plans, so he nodded and agreed. “Go to the kitchen and pick something.” 
Xander nodded and went to the kitchen. 
The chef was still standing there as he asked, “Xander, should I take down the roasted rabbit you don’t like?” 
“No need, no need. It’s too cruel!” 
Xander hurriedly waved his hands. “You guys don’t know how to cherish life. You can’t kill animals!” 
The chef was speechless. 
Xander placed his hands behind his back and entered the kitchen. “Let me see what’s good. Do you have vegetables?” 
The chef hurriedly said, “Yes, they’re all fresh organic vegetables. Can I make another one for 
you?” 
“There’s no need.” Xander continued, “Do you know that the best thing to eat is food in its original state? If you cook it, it won’t have the original taste! Eh, these vegetables and that carrot over there look alright. Let’s take these.” 
Xander picked up a yellowed vegetable leaf that the chef had picked when cooking and a dry carrot. Then, he looked at the butler. “Let’s 
go!”
The butler’s lips twitched as well, and he led Xander toward the basement. 
The two of them quickly disappeared from the room. 
After confirming that Xander could not hear their conversation, Justin then looked at Nora. Before he could ask, Nora replied, “No.” 
Justin was stunned, a hint of disappointment flashing across his eyes. 
It was not… 
But if not, why did Nora come over to see him? 
According to her lifestyle, even if she had such a child, she would not be so proactive if she did not care about it. 
Justin was thinking when he heard Nora continue, “When I called you, Lily had just gotten my results. We’re not mother and son. The DNA similarity is only 80%.” 
Justin frowned. 
He was thinking about something when he heard Nora continue, “Then, I asked Lily to compare his DNA with yours.” 
When Justin heard this, his eyes instantly narrowed. “You mean…” 
Nora slowly said, “Don’t forget what kind of organization Trueman is from.” 
Justin instantly understood. “You’re saying that this child might have been injected with a gene serum?” 
“Yes.” Nora sat down on the sofa. “The younger a child is, the more their genes change after they are injected. I personally came over to take a look to confirm if he really is your
son.” 
Justin asked, “And what do you think?” 
“He’s almost the same as you. He must be your son. But… Lily called me just now after doing a DNA comparison between you and him. Your genetic similarity is only 93%.” 
93%… 
What kind of result was this? Only cousins or relatives had this percentage. If they were were biological father and son, it should be 99%. 
Justin realized something. 
Nora said again, “So I’m certain that this child was indeed injected with a gene serum. Therefore, my DNA comparison with him can’t be counted.” 
Justin hesitated for a moment. “There’s no way to investigate?” 
“Yes, there is.” 
Nora looked at him with certainty. “Genetic changes mean that the DNA sequence has changed. We can extract samples from different places and send them to Lily, she can piece together the original DNA sequence. When the time comes, she can it with us separately.” 
When Justin heard this answer, he nodded. “Lily will have her work cut out for her.” 
“Yes, but it will take a while.”
After Nora finished speaking, Justin suddenly walked to her side and took out his phone to hand it to her. He rubbed her hand affectionately. “Then let’s see if Ruth is his mother, first.” 
He touched his phone a few times with his fingers and opened the surveillance video of the basement. 
Justin had not asked Xander to go down earlier because he wanted to confirm this. 
After all, Ruth was in a life-and-death situation. A hungry person would not be very careful and would definitely expose the truth!
###Chapter 625
% Biological 
The two of them stared at the phone. 
Xander was led out of the elevator by the butler. 
He bounced around as he walked, not at all calm and steady. His eyes darted around as he sized up his surroundings. 
This basement was specially built for interrogations, so it was dark and damp. If an ordinary child entered, they would probably be afraid of the dark, but Xander seemed fine. 
He was quite bold. Justin sighed silently in his heart. If it was his son, he had not embarrassed him. 
As he was thinking, he saw Xander enter the interrogation room. 
Justin switched to a camera and looked at the interrogation room. The furnishings inside were no different from before. The only change was that Ruth had collapsed in the corner. 
Perhaps because she had not eaten for five days, she was very weak. However, she was not dead because there was still water in the basement. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “She took good care of herself.” 
Justin said, “She washes her face and rinses her mouth every morning. It’s obvious that she has a strong psychological quality.” 
She was indeed well-trained.
The two of them were just thinking about this when Ruth slowly raised her head. When she saw Xander, her eyes shone with a pleasant surprise. “Little Xander! Have you brought… food for Mommy? Quickly bring it to me!” 
Xander threw a bag over. 
Ruth hurriedly picked up the bag and searched inside. After searching for a while, she saw that there were only a few rotten leaves and a carrot in the bag. She instantly became furious. “Xander!” 
She bit her lip. “You’re taking revenge on me now that I’m in such a condition, right?” 
Revenge? These two words made Justin and Nora look at each other. 
Xander threw up his hands. “There’s nothing I can do. This is the Hunts’ house. Justin didn’t let me bring food for you. It’s already enough that I could steal these.” 
When Ruth heard this, she immediately said angrily, “He’s too inhumane! How can he be so heartless to a woman?! Can’t he give me something to eat? He’s simply evil!” 
Justin, who was staring at his phone and inexplicably taking the blame, was speechless. Nora snorted and laughed. This child was quite interesting! 
Ruth really thought that it was Justin’s order, so she did not care anymore and took out a carrot to eat. 
After having not eaten for a few days, she ate the carrots exceptionally well. 
After finishing a carrot, she looked at Xander. “Go get me another one.” 
Xander shook his head. “Justin is a great demon king. His people have been staring at me all along. I only got this one because I cried, threw a tantrum, and hung myself three times! He only agreed to give you a carrot every day. I’ll steal more vegetable leaves for you tomorrow!”
Ruth: “!!” 
Ruth still wanted to say something, but Xander said, “Oh, I’m going upstairs. He asked me to only stay here for a minute.” 
With that, he turned and ran out. 
Ruth was anxious. “Xander, when did he say he would let me out?” 
Xander ignored her. Seeing that the little boy was about to run out, Ruth became even more anxious. She climbed to her feet, but unfortunately, her legs were too weak. She collapsed to the ground and could only shout angrily, “Xander, don’t forget what my brother told you when you came here!” 
“I remember, I remember!” Xander waved his hand. “Don’t worry! Dad also asked me to tell you to stay here at ease. You won’t die.” 
Ruth: “…” 
After Xander left, Justin disconnected the video surveillance. 
The two of them looked at each other. 
Although Xander did not say anything unexpected, they could still tell that something was wrong 
Nora could not be bothered to speak. Justin said, “When Ruth saw Little Xander, her first words were a little sharp when she referred to herself as his mother. Although she did not make a mistake, she hesitated a little. This means that Little Xander did not call her mother when he was overseas.” 
Although Ruth had undergone training, she had been hungry for five days after all. Even if she reminded herself to be careful when she saw Xander, her reaction would be slow because her brain was short of glucose.
Nora agreed with Justin and nodded. 
Justin suddenly asked, “What do you think the probability of Little Xander being our child is?” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment. 
This man did not even notice that his address for Xander had already changed to Little Xander. 
He really liked this son, huh? 
Nora lowered her eyes slightly and suddenly smiled. “90%.” 
When Justin heard this number, his eyes suddenly lit up. 
Nora said slowly, “The DNA comparison between strangers is usually only 23%. 84% is actually very high.” 
Even if his genes had changed, they could not change so much. 
Justin took a deep breath. 
Nora was about to say something when the butler beside Mrs. Hunt walked over. “Miss Smith, Mrs. Hunt heard that you’re here. She just happens to be unwell and wants you to take a look.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Justin said, “Didn’t Grandma take her medicines today? Is she not well?” 
The butler sighed. “It’s better to let Miss Smith take a look. Sir, don’t worry. Mrs. Hunt is very concerned about Miss Smith right now.”
Justin still wanted to reject him, but the butler said, “Sir, this is to treat Mrs. Hunt’s illness. After all, there’s a difference between men and women. Furthermore, someone from Mrs. Hunt’s maiden family has arrived…” 
As soon as he said this, Justin understood something. He glanced at Nora and immediately pulled her to the side. He sighed. “I know what’s going on. Grandma didn’t ask you to come over to treat her illness. She wants you to treat her grandnephew’s wife from her maternal family.” 
Nora: “?” 
Grandnephew’s wife… Their relationship was a little complicated! 
Justin added, “That wife has a harder life. She was good to Pete in the past, so…” Nora understood now. 
The reason Justin told her this was because he did not want to keep her in the dark. 
But the decision was hers. 
However, that wife was good to Pete. Furthermore, treating a patient was just a simple matter to her. It was no big deal. Therefore, she said, “I’ll go take a look.” 
Justin nodded and reminded her in a low voice, “It’s a gynecological problem, so I won’t go over.” 
Nora gave him an “okay” gesture. 
The butler heaved a sigh of relief and brought Nora out. 
The Hunt Manor was very big, and Justin and Mrs. Hunt did not live together. 
After walking for about 15 minutes, they arrived at the villa where Mrs. Hunt lived. Before Nora entered, she heard a voice from inside. “Did he really have a son with another woman? And he looks identical to Justin? The moment he entered, he said that he wanted to snatch Pete’s position? There’s a good show
to watch now. Look at that Smith woman. How can she still be so arrogant?! Didn’t she ignore you because she gave birth to Pete and Cherry? She should be anxious now, right?” Nora: “?” 
Had Xander ever said such things? 
The butler coughed and reminded them that the person in the room had arrived. 
Sure enough, the voice inside paused. Then, someone came out. It was a middle-aged woman in her forties or fifties. She was slightly round. 
When she saw Nora, she instantly smiled and walked up. “Oh, this is Miss Smith, right? You’re so good- looking! I’m Mrs. Hunt’s niece-in-law! I’m your elder. Just call me Mrs. Livingstone.” 
The old lady was the current head of the Livingstones, Mrs. Livingstone. 
Nora did not speak. 
The woman’s gloating words were still ringing in her ears. 
She was not deaf. 
“Oh, Miss Smith, you’re really introverted! Are you still shy?” 
Mrs. Livingstone continued to smile. Her voice was not loud, but it felt noisy. 
Nora lowered her eyes and kept silent. 
At this moment, a woman, about 25 years old, walked over. She said softly, “Miss Smith, on behalf of my mother-in-law, I apologize for what she said earlier.” 
This open and honest attitude made Nora have a good impression of her.
She looked over and realized that the woman was very gentle. When she smiled, she looked very shy and likable. 
The butler introduced her in Nora’s ear. “This is Mrs. Livingstone’s daughter-in-law, Helen Stewart. You were asked to come over to treat this person.” 
With that, the butler pursed his lips, clearly looking at Helen with disdain. 
Nora was a little stunned. 
Treating her? 
This person looked flushed and very healthy. What was wrong with her? 
As she was thinking, Mrs. Livingstone sneered. “Helen, how can you interrupt when an elder is talking?! So what if I criticized Miss Smith? You even apologized on my behalf… With your lousy body, can you represent our family?” 
Helen’s face turned red. 
She smiled awkwardly at Nora and lowered her head. She was clearly very self-conscious. 
Nora was stunned. She asked, “Is there something wrong, Mrs. Stewart?” 
Helen was stunned. 
Ever since she married into the Livingstones, she had been called Madam Livingstone whenever she went out. This was the first time in recent years that she was called Mrs. Stewart.
As she was in a daze, Mrs. Livingstone laughed softly and mocked, “What’s wrong is that she has already been married for three years and still can’t have a child! As a woman, she can’t even have a child. How embarrassing. Miss Smith, hurry up and take a look at her. Is there still a cure?!” 
Helen’s face turned red from the mockery. 
Beside her, Mrs. Hunt frowned and scolded, “How can you say that? We’re outside. Pay attention to your family’s image!” 
Mrs. Livingstone said unhappily, “Mrs. Hunt, you know as well that our family has only had one heir for several generations. When it comes to this generation, we’re all very anxious. Why can’t they have a child?! Let Miss Smith quickly take a look at Helen and see if she’s hiding something. If she really has some hidden illness, let’s get it over with as soon as possible.” 
Helen, who was standing beside him, was about to cry. 
Nora could not watch on.
###Chapter 626
Chapter 626 Whose Problem? 
Nora frowned. “Mrs. Livingstone, it’s fate to have a child. We can’t rush it. They’ve only been married for three years. Some couples only get pregnant after 10 years. This is very normal.” 
“What’s normal?! Why did you give birth to two children when Justin only did it once with you? He even gave birth to a child with another woman… Miss Smith, I know you don’t want to have too many children and pressure Pete. You don’t want Justin to have another son, right? But you don’t understand our family. Our family has only had one heir for several generations, and we really need to have another family heir now.” 
Mrs. Livingstone rolled her eyes and continued to speak in a high and mighty tone, “And you, Miss Smith. Don’t despise Justin for having another child outside. The Hunts have such a big business, we can’t let Pete handle it alone. You should treat the other child as your own! Women have to be magnanimous. You can’t cry and restrain a man’s hands and feet, understand?” 
Nora: “” 
She almost sneered. 
What kind of crazy idea was this? 
After Mrs. Livingstone said that, she said to Helen, “And you, since you can’t give birth yourself, don’t stop my son from giving birth with someone else. It’s not like you’re getting a divorce. Those women outside can’t be taken seriously! You’re the only daughter-in-law in the Livingstones. You can’t just be jealous every day, understand? Women can’t be so short-sighted. If the Livingstones family line ends here, no one will raise you when you’re old!” 
Helen clenched her fists tightly. She was so angry that her entire body was trembling.
Nora lowered her eyes and slowly said, “Oh? I wonder how many sons Mrs. Livingstone has?” 
Mrs. Livingstone choked and continued, “Our family has only had one heir for several generations. Of course, I only have one son!” 
Nora clicked her tongue. “Mrs. Livingstone, you’re too short-sighted. The Livingstones are big and powerful. How can we only let Mr. Livingstone take care of it alone? Why didn’t you ask him to have more children with other women when he was young? Then, you could treat them as your own sons! Women shouldn’t be too jealous, right?” 
Mrs. Livingstone: “” She was instantly furious. “Miss Smith, how can you say that? I’m already old. Can’t I criticize you guys? Haven’t you always been disrespectful to Mrs. Hunt just because you’re Pete’s biological mother? Let me tell you, Justin has another son now. The future heir might not be Pete! Don’t be too arrogant! Many people are eyeing the position of Madam Hunt!” 
Hearing her speak, Nora yawned heavily. 
Mrs. Livingstone: “…” 
She felt like she was being looked down on. She was about to scold Nora a little more when Helen said, “Grandma, don’t say anything else. Pete has been raised as the heir for so many years. His status won’t be shaken so easily. Besides, that child is just hearsay. We haven’t confirmed if it is true yet!” 
Mrs. Livingstone instantly changed her tone. “What right do you have to control me? You’re a hen that can’t lay eggs. I really don’t know what the use of the Livingstones marrying you is! You’ve already drunk bowls of medicine to nurse your body, but it has no effect at all. Instead, you’ve spent a lot of our family’s money! If I were you, I wouldn’t be able to raise my head outside!”
Helen bit her lip. “Grandma! We’re here to see the doctor today. If you continue to be like this, Miss Smith won’t let me see her!” 
Mrs. Livingstone only suppressed her displeasure when she was threatened. I 
Beside her, Mrs. Hunt also reprimanded her. “Stop talking! I’m already old, I don’t need anyone to respect me! I just want her and Justin to live happily!” 
After saying that, Mrs. Hunt looked at Nora. “Good child, can you examine Helen?” 
She was worried that Nora would turn around and leave in a fit of anger. 
After all, this was Dr. Zabe’s personal disciple. Other than her, probably no one else could treat this illness, right? 
Nora really wanted to turn around and leave. From the looks of it, Mrs. Livingstone was an unreasonable person. 
However, when she saw Helen and her red eyes, Nora sighed. “Give me your right hand.” 
When Helen heard this, she was stunned. 
She did not expect Miss Smith to not mind Mrs. Livingstone’s words and still treat her. A joyful expression appeared on her face. She walked to Nora and reached out her hand. 
Nora sat on the sofa and took her pulse silently. 
About a minute later. 
Nora opened her eyes and met Helen’s uneasy ones. 
“How is it?” Mrs. Livingstone stepped forward. “Can she have children?”
Her words were filled with anticipation as if she had already prepared a few women to deliver her son to have a child after the diagnosis was confirmed! 
Nora sneered. “She has no problem.”
###Chapter 627
Chapter 627 Whose Problem?! 
Nora stared at Mrs. Livingstone and said, “She has no problem.” 
Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. She did not expect this answer, so she asked again, “What do you mean no problem? If there’s no problem, why can’t she get pregnant?” 
Nora looked at Helen and asked, “Is your family blessed with sons?” 
When Helen heard this, she glanced at Mrs. Livingstone and nodded. 
Mrs. Livingstone sneered. “Back then, our family took a liking to her family because they were blessed with sons. That’s why we married her into our family! Her elder sister gave birth 
always triplets! Her second sister was even more ridiculous. She gave birth to triplets and even quadruplets! Our family doesn’t yearn for those anymore. Can’t she at least give birth to one? But it has been three years, and there’s not even a shadow of a child! What a good-for-nothing! Or are you a mutant of your family’s genes?” 
Mrs. Livingstone was really anxious. 
When Helen entered the family, she had wanted to hug six children in three years. It was simply perfect. It could also break the curse of their family’s third generation. 
Therefore, when they first got married, she had been caring toward Helen. The two of them had lived harmoniously for half a year. Half a year later, there was still no change in Helen’s stomach. Her attitude changed drastically. She began to urge her and found all kinds of recipes for her to eat. 
Helen lowered her head.
She did not know what was wrong with her or why she could not conceive. 
She had seen many doctors, taken many drugs, and even used many methods, but none of them worked. 
She was already trying for test tube babies. 
But the procedure for the test tube baby was too painful. 
She had to take ovulation jabs every month… 
As she was thinking, she heard Nora say, “Mrs. Livingstone, It needs two people to conceive a child. It’s not her fault.” 
When she said this, Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. 
She reacted for a moment before suddenly understanding. She was stunned. “W-What do you mean? Are you suspecting that there’s something wrong with my son?” Helen also looked up suddenly. 
She bit her lip. 
In fact, she had raised this question a few times over the years, but Mrs. Livingstone would always mock her and interrupt her. “There’s nothing wrong with my son. You can’t give birth, so you are blaming the man? Heh, he only provides the sperm. It must be your problem!” 
She had seen many doctors. Most of the doctors had persuaded her to let her husband come with them, but Mrs. Livingstone and her husband never listened to her. They even mocked her every time. 
Her husband sneered and said, “I got a girl pregnant five years ago. If not for her status being low and her being with me just for my money, I would have married her long ago. Now, you actually dare to doubt me! Ridiculous!”
Therefore, the Livingstones had never admitted that there was anything wrong with him, and they had never made her husband see the doctor. 
She looked at Mrs. Livingstone and bit her lip. “Grandma, let him come and get checked. Miss Smith’s medical skills are superb. Just by taking my pulse, she could tell that my family is blessed with sons…” 
“Shut up!” Mrs. Livingstone shouted angrily. 
Helen bit her lip and mustered her courage to say, “Grandma, I’ve suffered a lot all these years for the sake of bearing a child, but I’ve never said a word about those hardships! But don’t you want a child? If it’s really about my husband, can’t you let Miss Smith treat him as soon as possible?!” 
These words made Mrs. Livingstone narrow her eyes. Beside her, Mrs. Hunt said, “Helen is right. Ask your grandnephew to come over! Miss Smith is Dr. Zabe’s disciple and the godly surgeon, Anti. If there’s no problem, then of course, it’ll be a happy ending. If there’s really a problem, it’ll be easier to treat him as soon as possible!” 
Mrs. Livingstone was silent for a moment. When she saw that even Mrs. Hunt had spoken, she could only say, “Even if I called him over, he wouldn’t come!” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “Tell him I want to see him!” 
Mrs. Hunt was Justin’s grandmother and was deeply respected. The other party did not dare not to ignore her command. 
Mrs. Livingstone nodded with a smile, then glared at Helen. She picked up her phone and walked to the side to make a call. 
After she went to the side, Nora looked at Mrs. Hunt.
Mrs. Hunt sat there looking very weak and a little pale. No matter what the reason, she was really good to Pete. Nora walked to her and did not say anything. She held her hand and felt her pulse. 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
She stared at Nora. 
The woman had her almond-shaped eyes closed, and her long eyelashes were hanging on her face. She was obedient, sensible, and beautiful. When she had her eyes closed, she looked like a quiet fairy on a beautiful portrait. 
This appearance indeed made one’s heart soften. 
She was thinking when Nora suddenly opened her eyes. A hint of coldness shot out from them. It washed away the gentleness from before and she became a little more firm and indifferent. 
Mrs. Hunt quickly retracted her gaze and heard her tsk. “Don’t worry. You won’t die anytime soon.” 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
After getting so old, hearing things about life and death was the last thing she wanted. Nora’s words were really stabbing her heart. 
Mrs. Hunt snorted. “There are so many things happening at home, how can I not worry? So, can you get married sooner and raise that illegitimate son of Justin as your own? That way, I’ll be fine too…” 
Before she could finish speaking, Nora suddenly turned around and walked to the fish tank in the room. 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
So… her obedience and sensibility earlier were all fake!
Helen saw Nora walking over alone. She thought about it and followed beside her. 
She whispered, “Thank you.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “It’s just my job.” 
Helen smiled bitterly. “I’ve seen so many doctors. Every time they raise this question, I ask them to tell my mother-in-law, but she wouldn’t agree… You’re the only one who can persuade her.” 
When Nora heard this, she gave her a heads up. “There might not be anything wrong with your husband. Maybe it’s because of psychological reasons that you weren’t able to get pregnant for a long time.” 
Helen nodded. “I know. I just wanted him to get checked…” 
Half an hour later, a fierce argument came from outside the door. A man was shouting, “You called me over just to get me a check-up? Mom, I think Helen is crazy. How can I be sick?” 
Mrs. Livingstone whispered, “I also know that you’re not sick, but that Miss Smith is a divine doctor. You should let her take a look. This is also your grandaunt’s wish!” 
Hearing this, the man sneered. “Sure, let’s check. If there’s nothing wrong with me, then our family can let Helen leave! She can’t even have a child, is she even a woman?” 
A man in his mid-twenties was wearing a suit, but he looked very greasy. He said this as he walked in. 
After entering, he looked at Nora. 
He strode over and sneered. He reached out and let Nora take his pulse. “Helen, you just don’t want to admit that you have a problem, right? Alright, I’ll make you give up today!”
###Chapter 628
Chapter 628 Diagnosis Results! 
Thomas was the only son of the Livingstones’ third generation. He had been spoiled since a 
He was usually very arrogant at home. The only child in Old Madam Hunt’s family was also very spoiled, which made Thomas even more arrogant. 
Back then, when he married Helen, other than the Stewarts being famous for their sons, it was also because Helen had a timid personality and could let Thomas have his way. 
After Thomas roared at Helen, he looked at Nora in disdain. “Alternative medicine? Is this reliable? Let me tell you, alternative medicine is a sham…” 
Mrs. Livingstone hurriedly said, “Don’t speak nonsense. Miss Smith is not only an alternative medicine doctor, but she’s also a famous modern medicine doctor! Furthermore, she’s your future sister-in-law!” 
Thomas and Justin were of the same generation. Although their relationship was a lot more distant, Old Madam Hunt’s love for her family made Thomas come over often when he was young. 
Therefore, Thomas curried favor with Justin. When he heard this, he immediately smiled. “Oh, my sister- in-law! Look, we became friends after a fight…” 
Nora: “…” 
Not only was this person spoiled, but even his personality was bad. 
She took Thomas’s pulse seriously. 
Thomas kept on nagging. “Ms. Smith, take a good look at my pulse. When you’re done, tell this woman that I’ll definitely be fine. Make her give up on asking me to see the doctor all the time! I’m fine! She
always finds a reason to find faults with me. Heh, isn’t she just afraid that I’ll divorce her?” 
By the time he finished speaking, Nora had already opened her eyes. 
Thomas hurriedly asked, “Ms. Smith, how is 
it?” 
Nora stared at his expression for a while and asked a few regular questions. When she was done, she said with a serious expression, “Indeed, the problem is with you.” 
These words stunned Mrs. Livingstone. She stepped forward nervously and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Nora said, “He has asthenospermia. It means that his sperm has low motility. That’s why he has not been able to impregnate Helen for so many years.” Mrs. Livingstone’s eyes widened. “Can… can this be treated?” 
Nora nodded. “Of course.” She looked down and picked up the paper. “I’ll prescribe a few doses of medicine. He must take them exactly as I prescribe. He should be good in a month.” 
Mrs. Livingstone nodded and asked, “What’s wrong with him? How did it come to this? Our Thomas made his classmate pregnant at the age of 20! He didn’t have this problem in the 
past!” 
Nora immediately looked at Thomas with a faint smile and said, “Oh, it’s probably because he did it too frequently!” 
As soon as she said this, Mrs. Livingstone subconsciously looked at Helen and scolded, “Vixen! Are you digging out my son’s aura every night? Why are you so shameless?”
Helen’s face turned red from the scolding. She said, “Grandma, Thomas rarely comes back while I stay at home. How can I possibly…” 
Ever since she went to the doctor, in order to make Helen pregnant, the Livingstones had asked Thomas to come back every month during her ovulation period. 
He was indeed rarely at home. 
Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. Before she could react, Helen’s eyes were red as she looked at Thomas. “Y-You haven’t broken up with Cecelia yet, have you? Last time I found out, you promised me that if it ever happened again, we would get a divorce!” 
Thomas pursed his lips. 
Only then did Mrs. Livingstone realize something. She slapped Thomas. “How can you be with such a promiscuous woman? You’re still doing it so frequently. You really don’t know how to keep it in your pants! Who is this Cecelia?! She seduced you until your body was sucked dry! You have to break up with that vixen!” 
With that, she turned back to comfort Helen. “Helen, don’t fuss about it with Thomas. He’s young. He likes to play around. This isn’t a big deal. Why are you talking about divorce? But don’t worry, I’ll definitely watch over him well! I guarantee that he’ll drink a month’s worth of medicine and then you two can have a child!” 
Helen bit her lip and sobbed. “I, I want to go home…” 
Mrs. Livingstone nodded. “Okay, okay. Let’s go home… We’ll talk when we get back. We’ll stop fooling around outside~” Helen shook her head. “I want to go back to my mother’s house.”
At this moment, she felt aggrieved and could no longer hold it in. 
It had been so many years. Because she could not give birth, her maiden family was disrespected by the Livingstones. It seemed unreasonable. 
Her mother had even secretly given her all kinds of medicines. She even promised that she would give birth to three children in one pregnancy! 
But it turned out that all those grievances were for nothing! 
It was not that she could not give birth at all. It was all because of Thomas! 
The reason Thomas could not impregnate her was not because of his health, but because he was doing it too frequently with someone else… The word too frequently hurt Helen, and she felt that she was simply petty to the bone. 
But how could Mrs. Livingstone let her go? 
Knowing that it was not Helen’s fault, she continued to coax her. 
However, at this moment, Thomas sneered. “Alright, have you played enough?!” 
Helen was taken aback. 
Thomas pointed at Nora and said, “Did you two plan this? You want to push the blame on me! Hehe, I’m a very strong man. How can I have such a problem?! You guys are really lousy at acting!” 
Nora frowned. 
Mrs. Livingstone was even more stunned. “Thomas, what nonsense are you talking about? Miss Smith is Dr. Zabe’s disciple!”
Thomas sneered. “What disciple? I think it’s just a scam! Mom, I already said that alternative medicine is a sham! And Helen wants a divorce? Then let’s get a divorce! How can a barren woman have the face to stay at home?!” 
Mrs. Livingstone frowned. “Don’t talk nonsense, Miss Smith…” “She’s lying to you!” Thomas raised his chin and said proudly, “I have evidence!” Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. “What evidence?”
###Chapter 629
Chapter 629 The Real Reason! 
Thomas’ gaze swept across everyone present. He sneered, “Cecelia is pregnant!” 
The whole living room was silent. 
Everyone looked at him. Even Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. She subconsciously uttered, “Really?” 
Thomas nodded. “Of course. We just found out during a checkup. I was with Cecelia when you called me just now! Mom, you don’t have to beg this woman anymore. You can finally have the grandchild that you wanted!” 
Then, he looked at Helen and gave her a mocking smile. “Tsk, tsk. I really didn’t expect you to spin such lies just so you could shirk your responsibilities! Heh!” 
Helen bit her lip and looked at Nora. Her voice shook as she asked, “Can people with asthenospermia still reproduce?” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment before she replied, “Without medical treatment, chances of reproduction are very low.” 
It was so low that it was almost negligible. 
However, it was indeed still possible. 
As soon as she said that, Thomas sneered, “Wow, so now you’re going to use probability to mislead us? I’ll tell you this—Cecelia was also pregnant a year ago! It was just that I didn’t want the child then, but she’s pregnant again now! How are you going to explain that? If there’s really something wrong with me, then how am I able to impregnate Cecelia so many times? Also, I’ve never felt that I couldn’t do it! On the
contrary, Helen, you’re so loud in bed every night, yet look at what has happened. Just who is it that’s infertile, you or me?” 
Helen: “!!” 
She flushed completely crimson. 
Why was he saying such things in public? Besides, she had only done that to compliment him… To be honest, the man really was very average in bed. 
But when they had first gotten married, he simply kept asking her about it and kept forcing her to answer even when she didn’t feel anything. As a result, she could only pretend to feel it… 
Helen shook her head hard and tried not to think about those disgusting things. 
Yes, that was right. The monthly sexual intercourse was a form of torture and something disgusting to her. 
In Thomas, she could only see a man’s self-satisfaction and inexplicable self-confidence… 
She clenched her fists. 
The situation had suddenly reversed. In the living room, Mrs. Livingstone had just been coaxing Helen a moment ago, for fear that she would really divorce Thomas; yet now she suddenly looked like a victorious rooster. She lifted her chin, looked at Nora, and then let out a sarcastic laugh. “Asthenospermia? What nonsense. The way I see it, Ms. Smith… also has moments where she makes mistakes in her medical diagnoses, right?” 
Nora broke into a frown.
Mrs. Livingstone snorted and looked at Helen. “Didn’t you want to return to your parents? Sure, I’ll send you there! I’ll get the chauffeur to take you home right away! You can’t even lay an egg after marrying into the Livingstones for three years. What’s the use of having you here? I want my own grandchild! Divorce! The two of you must divorce!” 
After speaking, she looked outside and said, “Where’s the chauffeur? C’mon, take Helen home right away! While you’re there, tell her family members that the Livingstones don’t want an infertile woman in the family!” “Yes, ma’am.” 
The Livingstones’ chauffeur replied. Then, he entered and walked up to Helen. Helen bit down hard on her lip. 
A moment later, she lowered her gaze and then looked at Nora. She said, “Sorry, I’ve implicated you.” 
Then, she left. 
After she left, Mrs. Livingstone directed the line of fire at Nora again. She said, “Ms. Smith, in my opinion, you must have lived abroad for too long. You haven’t even mastered half of Dr. Zabe’s medical skills! How can you misdiagnose us?! Don’t worry, though, I won’t publicize this. After all, if word spreads, it’s the Hunts who will be embarrassed. After all, not only are you the young lady of the Smiths, but also the future mistress of the Hunts! 
“Also, you shouldn’t be so arrogant. After all, we, the older generation, have so much life experience that you can learn from! 
“Sigh, just because they have been touted about so much, some people end up naturally feeling that they are so impressive, when in fact, they are so unremarkable! To think they can even misdiagnose someone as having asthenospermia, yet they can’t even see the problem with an infertile woman! Ms. Smith, you’d best not provide medical consultations anymore, lest you misdiagnose them with some kind
of illness when they are perfectly healthy, and end up ruining their health! Not everyone is as magnanimous as us to condone your mistakes. Oh, and also~ 
“You should just stay at home instead of going outside and treating people’s illnesses. How unhygienic is that? You’d best just stay at home and take care of your husband and children instead. You’d be doing a meritorious deed just by grooming the future heir to the Hunts… Ms. Smith, I’m talking to you. Why are you always using your cell phone? You’re so rude!” 
While Mrs. Livingstone was prattling on and on, Nora was staring at her cell phone. She had just hacked into the hospital’s system and found Cecelia’s medical records. 
When she read the records, her lips suddenly curled into a smile.
###Chapter 630
Chapter 630 Divorce! 
Nora hacked into the hospital system and quickly found Cecelia’s medical records. 
Cecelia was indeed pregnant. That much was clearly stated in the medical report from the hospital. 
According to the medical report, Cecelia was already three months pregnant. 
Nora originally thought that the pregnancy was fake, but in the end, it turned out to be real. This was out of her expectations. Therefore, she thought about it and then checked Thomas’ travel records. When she did, she found out that three months ago—in other words, the period when Cecelia had become pregnant-Thomas had actually gone out of the country! In addition, Cecelia hadn’t gone with him! A suspicion formed in Nora’s heart. She turned off the phone and looked at Thomas. “How long has Cecelia been pregnant?” 
Thomas lifted his chin. “Hmph! It’s been more than a month!” 
It was just like what she had thought. 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
Cecelia was lying. By claiming that the three-month-old baby was only a little over one-month-old, her ive was self-evident. 
She gave him a mocking smile and said, “Oh.” 
Then, she turned and walked out. 
Seeing how she was behaving, Thomas curled his lips disdainfully and then called out after her, “It’s okay, Nora! We are family, I won’t spread the news that your medical skills are lacking!”
After saying this, he looked at Mrs. Livingstone. “Mom, since Cecelia is already pregnant and Helen is infertile anyway, why don’t we get a divorce straight away?” 
Mrs. Livingstone was actually still hesitating and in an internal struggle. 
Cecelia was no kind soul. How could she compare to Helen’s well-behaved, sensible, and filial personality? Cecelia was shrewish and had already become well-known in the circle as a rebellious woman a long time ago. 
But when she thought of how Cecelia was already pregnant… Besides, at least she wasn’t a poor girl like the one her son had impregnated back in college. No matter what, one could at least say that the two families were equally matched in status this time. 
Mrs. Livingstone made up her mind. “Okay!” 
The two then bid farewell to Mrs. Hunt. How could one like Mrs. Hunt, who had experienced all sorts of ups and downs, possibly trust a stranger so easily, though? She asked, “Thomas, is that Cecelia woman trustworthy? You must check everything out clearly, okay?” 
Thomas replied, “Yes, yes, I know. Don’t worry, Grandaunt! It’s not like I want to be the father to someone else’s child. I’ve already asked about it a long time ago. We’ll be able to have a DNA test done once she’s four-month pregnant!” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she nodded. “Okay.” 
After the two of them left, Mrs. Hunt looked at the housekeeper. She frowned and asked hesitantly, “Do you think Nora’s medical skills are really that bad?” 
If they weren’t good, how would she be able to make the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill?!
The housekeeper, however, replied, “Ma’am, who cares whether they are good or not? In any case, she has made a mistake this time! This shows that Ms. Smith is just enjoying a reputation unwarranted by any actual skill.” 
Mrs. Hunt nodded at her words. 
She was right. 
She wasn’t going to care if Nora was an impressive woman or not! In fact, what she wanted was for Nora to not be that impressive. Otherwise, how would she be able to control such a well-known woman after she married into the Hunts?! 
Nora went straight back to the Smiths’ after she left. 
Cherry, who was sitting cross-legged on the sofa and playing games, was dissing someone. “Hey, the person in the support role, you’re not the Invisible Man, why are you hiding? Have I, a gunner, seen you even once during the entire session?” 
Hearing this, Pete sighed silently and continued to read with his head down. 
When Nora glanced at the book, she found that her son was reading a book about world economics. The corners of her lips spasmed a little and she couldn’t help thinking that the little fellow sure was a mutant. 
She wondered how high Xander’s IQ was. Would it be higher or lower than Pete’s? 
While she was musing over it, Pete, who had noticed her coming in, hurriedly got up. He handed her the glass of water in front of him. Then, he took out a set of pajamas and handed it to her. “Mommy, are you tired?” 
Nora: “…”
as 
The longer she lived with Pete, the more she found that the little boy was really very caring and heartwarming. However, his behavior instead made Nora feel her son’s desire for motherly love. 
She indeed had too little time to spend with her children. 
Thinking about this, she took the glass of water from Pete and took a couple of sips. Then, she placed it on the coffee table next to her and took the pajamas. She looked at Pete and asked, “Pete, do you know Helen Stewart?” 
Pete’s eyes lit up at the name and he nodded. Then, he said with a bit of embarrassment, “She is quite nice. Uncle Thomas often visits the Hunts, so Great-grandma told him to play with me. He is very well- behaved on the surface, but in private, he called me a little idiot. After he married Aunt Helen, every time he came over, she would bring me toys. When Uncle Thomas scolded me, she would also stop him gently…” 
At that time, Pete had never experienced a mother’s love, and he also felt nothing toward the nannies’ attempts to please him. 
But Helen was truly kind and caring. On top of that, she was also filled with love and patience for children. People like her gave Pete a very comfortable feeling. 
When Nora heard what he said, she finally understood why Justin had asked her to help them. 
Just by how Helen had kept Pete company, she couldn’t let the matter go unchecked. With that in mind, Nora suddenly said, “Pete, I’m going out for a while.” 
Pete nodded. 
Nora turned around, went out of the house, and drove to Helen’s parents’ home, the Stewarts’ residence.
To be honest, she initially didn’t intend to bother with the Livingstones’ mess. After all, Thomas’ fatherhood had nothing to do with her. 
But since Helen had treated Pete kindly, she couldn’t just sit back and wash her hands of the matter. 
When she came to the Stewarts’ residence, the guards stopped her. 
When she said that she was looking for Helen, the guard gave her a wry smile and said, “They are… kinda busy at the moment, so it’s not convenient for outsiders to enter.” 
Nora broke into a frown. 
Just as she was about to reply, a car came up to them. Then, a hasty-looking woman got out. She was a little chubby and looked somewhat like Helen. She said to the guard, “This is…?” 
The guard explained, “Ms. Jessica, this is Mrs. Helen’s friend. She’s here to visit Mrs. Helen, but… Mrs. Livingstone has come over with Mr. Livingstone and they are currently making a scene in the house, so…” 
When Jessica Stewart, the Stewarts’ eldest daughter, heard this, she said straightforwardly, “For her to come over to look for Helen, she must be Helen’s friend. How can you refuse her entry? News of the scandal will spread sooner or later anyway, so what’s there to be scared of? Let her come with 
me!” 
Only then did the guard let Nora through. 
Nora raised her eyebrows, finding the young lady rather interesting. 
The two drove into the residence together.
They parked the car. Before they even stepped through the door, they could already hear an arrogant Mrs. Livingstone saying, “They must divorce! But this is all because your daughter is infertile, so we’re not going to give her anything! Also, the Stewarts didn’t make her situation clear before the marriage, so this is fraud! On top of that, she also wasted three years of our time. Otherwise, the Livingstones would already have at least two children in the family by now! You have to compensate us for this!” 
Helen’s mother, Mrs. Stewart, said furiously, “Divorce? So that she can make way for that homewrecker?! Mrs. Livingstone, are you that anxious that you can’t wait even a second longer?!” 
Mrs. Livingstone sneered, “Cut the crap. In any case, it’s the Stewarts who are in the wrong! As for Cecelia’s pregnancy, Thomas didn’t cheat. It’s because Helen is infertile, that’s why he went to another woman!”
###Chapter 631
Chapter 631 The Truth! 
Mrs. Stewart became even more infuriated when she heard this. She clutched her chest, unable to speak. 
Helen was just crying her eyes out next to her. 
Her father was not at home, so the two women from the Stewarts were obviously suppressed in momentum. 
When Nora was about to take a step forward, Jessica, who was next to her, stepped forward abruptly and said loudly, “Mrs. Livingstone, now that’s not very nice! What do you mean Thomas didn’t cheat? Is the child in her belly not Thomas’? Did Thomas not have sexual relations with another woman while he is married?” 
Mrs. Livingstone choked at once. 
Jessica went on. “My little sister certainly hasn’t given birth to any children, but are women mere baby- making tools? Are you saying that the Livingstones and the Stewarts’ union was solely for the purpose of having children? If so, then why didn’t you just approach surrogate mothers instead? What is the point of having Helen there? Besides, do you have any medical evidence to prove that my little sister is infertile? This is complete sophistry. If you cannot produce a medical report, then I will sue you for slander!” 
Jessica was very aggressive, much like a hen protecting her chicks. She stood in front of her mother and Helen and blocked them from Mrs. Livingstone. 
Mrs. Livingstone seemed a little afraid of Jessica. She subconsciously stepped back and said, “No matter what, they have to get a divorce!”
“Divorce? Sure, but you have to give my little sister the compensation she deserves. The Stewarts are not to be trifled with either!” 
After snapping back at Mrs. Livingstone furiously, Jessica looked at Helen and said, “What is the use of crying when your husband has already cheated on you? Times have changed, can’t you even stand up for yourself? Helen, I’m telling you, you have to divorce him! Are you planning on keeping that man so that he can bring back more illegitimate children?!” 
The sobbing Helen nodded. “I will do as you say, Jessica.” 
She was thoroughly heartbroken. 
When she got married, everyone had said that she was really blessed to be able to marry into the Livingstones. Given how close a relationship the Livingstones and the Hunts shared, she would surely welcome a good life in the future. 
But who knew that Thomas would actually be such an insect? 
Mrs. Livingstone sneered, “Jessica, what do you mean by that? We Livingstones are decent people, we are not people who indulge in casual relationships! We won’t just want any random woman!” Jessica sneered, “Oh, really? Considering how you can accept even someone like Cecelia, the Livingstones’ standards for women are really too low!” 
Mrs. Livingstone wanted to continue the argument about Cecelia, but she suddenly realized something. She sneered, “The problem is not about Cecelia right now; rather, it’s about Helen’s infertility. On top of that, she even conspired with a doctor to shift the blame onto my son! What a pity for her, though, because Cecelia is pregnant, which just so happens to clear my son’s name! On the other hand, even though it has been three years since Helen married into the Livingstones, she hasn’t gotten pregnant
even once, so the problem must lie with her. Since that’s the case, then this marriage should be annulled! When the two of them got engaged back then, we had agreed that whoever does something wrong after marriage would receive a smaller portion of the joint financial assets! Therefore, Helen can only leave the Livingstones penniless!” 
Cecelia was pregnant. 
The timing was simply too sensitive. 
Should news of it spread, everyone would surely know that Thomas had cheated on his wife. If that happened, he would no longer be able to hold his head up high in the circle of the wealthy in New York. 
That was why Mrs. Livingstone had come over to make a scene. Firstly, it was because a married couple’s joint property was indeed difficult to divide. Secondly, it was because she mustn’t allow her son to be known as someone who had mistreated his ex-wife! 
She mustn’t allow her son to become the main reason for the marriage’s failure. 
Jessica let out a contemptuous laugh. Suddenly, she lowered her eyes and said, “We are all respectable people that don’t wish to embarrass ourselves. The Stewarts will not ask the Livingstones for even a single cent more than what should be given. However, alimony must be given because you made Helen quit her job after she married Thomas! Because of that, she now has a three-year unemployment gap in her career!” Mrs. Livingstone sneered, “Then what about the money that the Livingstones gave the Stewarts when they got married back then?” 
The Livingstones had given them a large sum of money as a wedding gift. 
By saying that, Mrs. Livingstone was demanding even that sum of money back, even though they had given it to them as a gift.
Jessica was about to speak when Helen suddenly looked at Thomas. “Thomas, what is the meaning of this?” 
Thomas curled his lips disdainfully and replied, “My mother’s will is also mine! I’ve found you really boring since a long time ago! You don’t even move at all in bed. It was really no fun at all!” 
Helen turned paler. At last, she lowered her head and said, “Fine, fine… I will return you all that money the Livingstones gave us!” 
A shocked Jessica looked at her abruptly. “Helen, what kind of nonsense are you saying?” 
If they returned that money, what would outsiders think? 
Why didn’t they take any money from the Livingstones during the divorce? But even gave them money instead? 
Of course, it was because they had done something wrong! 
People often didn’t care about the details, they only looked at the results. Neither would they think that Helen was being generous. Instead, they would definitely think that Helen must have done something to let the Livingstones down! 
Helen, however, shook her head. “Jessica, I just want to be divorced as soon as possible.” 
She didn’t want to be entangled with him any further. 
She would just cut the Gordian knot. This way, she would be able to go home and live a carefree life! 
Seemingly having understood the meaning behind her words, Jessica said nothing more.
Mrs. Livingstone sneered, “Helen, are you feeling guilty? Well, that makes sense. We won’t hold you accountable for wasting my son’s time either. We’ll just let the matter go at that! I just hope that you won’t bother my son 
After that, Mrs. Livingstone, Thomas, and Helen settled on the time and date that they would come over to take the money, as well as when they would sign the divorce papers. 
After making all the arrangements, before the two left, Mrs. Livingstone emphasized once more, “Helen, the Livingstones won’t hold it against you and your family this time! But remember this, the divorce is because of your infertility. It has nothing to do with the Livingstones!” 
Thomas nodded. “Yes, that’s right. Remember this—it’s I, Thomas, who doesn’t want you anymore!” 
After saying that, Mrs. Livingstone and Thomas left. 
After they left, Helen squatted on the floor and suddenly burst into wracking sobs. She clutched her head and murmured, “I am so useless. Why couldn’t I just get pregnant? Why? I’m so useless…” 
Only then did Nora finally take a step forward. She said, “It’s not your fault.”
###Chapter 632
Chapter 632 The Truth About Xander Yale 
Nora had hidden herself in the corner after she entered just now and had refrained from interfering with their family affairs. 
Therefore, the few of them hadn’t noticed her in the heated argument. 
When she spoke, Helen finally looked up in a daze. At the sight of Nora, she wiped her tears and stood up. “Ms. Smith… Why are you here?” Before Nora could speak, Jessica asked, “Ms. Smith, what did you mean by that?” 
Nora sighed silently. 
Helen was simply too much of a pushover. Being ladylike and soft-spoken were positive traits; gentleness was also part of a person’s character. However, being excessively weak and delicate would only encourage others to bully one even more. 
However, Jessica seemed different. She was more straightforward and the questions she asked hit the crux of the matter. Nora didn’t want to comfort or persuade them about anything. She merely said, “Thomas is not the father of Cecelia’s child.” 
As soon as she said that, the people in the room were dumbfounded. 
Jessica was stunned. She said, “He isn’t? If he isn’t, then what is Thomas doing? Also, why do you say that? Do you have any evidence?” 
Jessica’s thought process was clear. Helen, however, was still looking at her in a daze. 
Nora cast her eyes down. “I checked his pulse the other time, he does indeed have asthenospermia. On top of that, his condition is very serious. Therefore, it stands to reason that Thomas will not be able to have children. However, he said that Cecelia is pregnant and that they only found out about the pregnancy today. So I went to check Cecelia’s pregnancy records. I found that her HCG levels are relatively high. Those numbers are impossible in a patient who is only a month pregnant. In addition, I also found out that Cecelia has prior medical records from more than one month ago. At that time, they had already diagnosed that she was more than a month pregnant. From this, we can conclude that she should already be three months pregnant by now. Helen, where was Thomas three months ago?” 
A dazed Helen replied, “Thomas was in France three months ago. A project over there had run into problems. As it was relatively tricky, he stayed there for nearly a month…” 
At this point, Helen spoke again. “Did he go to France with Cecelia?!” 
She seemed astounded. But as soon as she said that, Jessica smacked her hard on the head and said, “Helen Stewart, what’s wrong with you?! What kind of situation do you think you’re in right now? Yet you’re still being jealous?! Is there anything about that man that’s worth being jealous?! If you continue to be like this, I will really look down on you! Don’t you know that women should be independent?! If even you look down on yourself, then how can you make others value you?!” 
However, Helen said in tears, “I’m not looking down on myself. But it’s true that I was married for three years, yet I didn’t get pregnant…” 
Jessica was exasperated. She yelled furiously, “Hansel Lloyd’s wife also didn’t have any children even after so many years of marriage, and they adopted a child in the end. But look at her, when has she ever felt inferior about it?! When has she ever not carried herself graciously? Do you know why?!” 
Helen nodded. “It’s because she is good at managing the company. She is actually the one in charge of Lloyds’ company…”
It was at this point that Helen finally suddenly understood. Her eyes reddened and she hung her head. “You’re right, Mrs. Lloyd can’t reproduce, but the Lloyds have never dared to look down on her because of that. Neither has she ever felt inferior because of it… Only when one becomes strong will they not be looked down upon…” 
Seeing that she had finally understood, Jessica looked at Nora again. “I saw Cecelia at an event two and a half months ago, she couldn’t have gone out of the country with Thomas. Therefore, the child really isn’t his!” 
As soon as she said that, next to them, Mrs. Stewart, their mother, immediately banged the table and stood up. “Since it is not his, then let’s go over and tell them about it right away. We’ll throw the evidence right in their faces! And see how they still have the cheek to demand a divorce!” 
II 
The room suddenly fell silent. 
Taken aback, Mrs. Stewart looked at the three of them. 
Jessica didn’t pay any attention to Mrs. Stewart. Instead, she looked at Nora first and said, “Ms. Smith, thank you so much for not revealing all this the moment you stepped in!” 
Nora merely smiled at her quietly. 
Mrs. Stewart, however, was puzzled. “Why didn’t she say it? If she had, we would have been able to slap both mother and son in the face just now! How nice would that have been?”
Jessica looked at Mrs. Stewart, who had the same personality as Helen, and felt rather helpless. “Mom, what then?” 
Mrs. Stewart replied, “When they are sure that the problem lies with Thomas, they definitely won’t dare to divorce Helen anymore! And since all of this is because of the Livingstones themselves, they will only keep Helen happy in the future!” 
Jessica lowered her eyes. “And then? What happens after that? Do you want Helen to stay by his side as he goes for medical treatment, and then let him do a return of the prodigal son?” 
Mrs. Stewart choked. “Girl, those words of yours sting too much.” 
Jessica turned to Helen. She said, “Helen, you have two options now. The first one: You go to the Livingstones immediately with the evidence and tell them the truth. You will then become the Livingstones’ hero.” 
Helen was taken aback. 
Jessica, however, stared at her and said, “But I’ll be clear about this if you do that, then you’re no longer my sister! From then on, even if the Livingstones bully you, don’t ever come back here and cry to us about it!” 
Helen bit her lip. 
Mrs. Stewart became even more hesitant. She said, “Jessica, it’s better to demolish a temple than to destroy a marriage. If you do that…” 
“Mom!” Jessica reprimanded her angrily. “Have you really become muddleheaded from old age? Back then, we failed to ask around properly and find out what Thomas was really like before we allowed Helen to marry him. Now that we have finally seen his true colors, instead of making a quick escape, what are you people still staying in the hellhole for?!”
Mrs. Stewart sighed. “Never mind, I wash my hands off this. The world belongs to you youngsters now. I’m old now, so I don’t understand anymore.” 
Nora: “…” 
She could finally see what was going on now. Jessica was the one in charge at the Stewarts, whereas the real mistress of the household didn’t have any control over anything. 
She looked at Helen too, wanting to know her choice. 
Helen bit her lip and said, “Jessica, Ms. Smith. I’ve made up my mind I want a divorce! What should I do in the second option you proposed?” 
Jessica clapped her on the shoulder. “Now, that’s my sister, alright! No matter the occasion, you must always have the courage to face your troubles. Us daughters of the Stewarts don’t have to worry about remarrying at all! Now that you have made up your mind, then it’s time for us to set things up.” 
Jessica said, “We won’t reveal the truth for the time being. Let’s make use of the opportunity while the Livingstones are still willing to get a divorce to get all the divorce procedures done first! Otherwise, once the Livingstones know the truth, they will definitely refuse to divorce. The Livingstones are big and powerful, and even have the Hunts backing them up. We won’t be able to beat them in a direct confrontation. When that happens, it will be very hard for you to divorce him! After that, we will find an opportunity to let the cat out of the bag! I will also use the next few days to find Cecelia’s adulterer!” 
Her thought process was clear, and she also had the courage to shoulder responsibility. Then, she turned to Nora and said, “But you’ll probably have to suffer some injustice for the next few days as a result of this, Ms. Smith. The Livingstones will definitely spread the news and say that the blame lies fully with the Stewarts.”
Nora raised her eyebrows and nodded. “I understand.” 
This was precisely the reason why she hadn’t immediately brought up the matter about Cecelia when she came in and found that the Livingstones were discussing divorce matters. 
Jessica felt very bad about this. She said, “I know the Livingstones very well. They don’t want any blemishes on their reputation. Back then, when Helen was about to marry into the family, there wasn’t any bad press about him out there. Even the matter about him impregnating someone when he was twenty years old was rumored to be the girl’s plot against Thomas. We were fooled by them!” 
She was about to say more when Nora’s cell phone suddenly rang. 
She looked down and glanced at it-it was an overseas number. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and gestured to Jessica that she was answering a call. Then, she went out and picked up the call. Caleb’s voice came from the other end: “Ms. Smith, I heard that Mr. Hunt has an illegitimate child? I’m calling to tell you the truth I’ve found out about Xander Yale!”
###Chapter 633
Chapter 633 The Truth: Ruth Is Not Xander’s Mother!! 
Nora was taken aback. 
To be honest, as early as Trueman had released Xander, she had wondered if Caleb knew anything. However, she hadn’t taken the initiative to ask him. 
Caleb had returned to the mysterious organization with the sacred mission of the special department on his shoulders. She mustn’t bother him with her personal affairs, lest Caleb’s identity was exposed while investigating them. 
Thus, she had never asked him about it, planning to look into it herself. 
Besides, Lily was already comparing their DNA and would succeed sooner or later. It was just a matter of time. 
But unexpectedly, Caleb had taken the initiative to call her? 
A touch of gratitude rose from the bottom of Nora’s heart, and she asked, “What is the truth?” 
Caleb’s voice was very low-obviously, he was making the call in secret. “According to my investigations, that child has been hidden by Trueman in the headquarters all this time, so I have never seen him before. But when Trueman was talking with him on the phone, he accidentally let something slip. He told Xander to try his best to save his Aunt Ruth, but the child instead said, ‘Why? She didn’t give birth to me nor has she ever taken care of me. Am I supposed to save her just because she is your sister?’ Trueman then said, ‘Then at least make sure that she doesn’t die.’ Xander agreed and then he said, ‘Don’t worry, I won’t give it away. At the very least, in my biological father’s eyes, Aunt Ruth is my mother.’ 
Therefore, based on this, I would think that Ruth is not his mother.”
Nora cast her eyes down. 
To be honest, she had already guessed as much. Ruth and Xander’s DNA match was only 20%. Even though Xander might have been injected with the gene serum, modifying his genes, it was still impossible for his DNA to change so drastically. 
Therefore, at the very least, it was impossible for Ruth to be his mother. 
Now that Caleb had confirmed it, they could get rid of Ruth first! 
Trueman didn’t seem to really care about whether his sister lived or not anyway. 
With that in mind, Nora thanked Caleb over the phone. “Thanks. I’ll treat you to dinner when you return.” 
“Okay.” Caleb’s voice became a lot more relaxed. After a brief silence, he suddenly said, “Nora… Ms. Smith, can I call you that?” 
“… Yes, you can.” 
He had already done so anyway. Could she even say no? 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little. Then, she heard Caleb speak again. He said, “Nora, I’m very sorry that I didn’t keep Anthony in check back then, and ended up allowing him to humiliate you and annul the engagement.” 
“… You have already apologized for that.” 
Caleb chuckled, his voice gentle and mellow. “I’d like to apologize for it again.” 
“… Alright, then.” 
Nora yawned. She sounded relaxed as she said, “I’ve already forgiven the Grays.”
To be honest, she had never once hated the Grays. 
Although Anthony had looked down on her, ridiculed her, and mocked her all the time when she was fat, at that time, the only thing on her mind had been sleeping, so why would she take it to heart? 
She said into the phone, “It sounds like your cough has become a little better. I made more medicine and wanted to give it to you, but I didn’t expect you to leave early.” 
Caleb laughed. A while later, he suggested, “Why don’t you send it to me via international express mail, then?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and replied, “Sure.” 
After hanging up the phone, Caleb, who was sitting alone in a luxuriously decorated room overseas, stared straight ahead of him. 
He suddenly murmured, “I wonder if she’ll visit me since I have given her the address?” After all, he didn’t have long to live anymore. He really wanted Nora to visit him before he died. 
Unfortunately, he was completely unaware that such indirect methods were totally ineffective on an insensitive lout like Nora. 
In the States, Nora didn’t even take a look at the address. She forwarded it straight to Sheril and told her to mail the medicine out. Then, she gave the Stewarts a heads-up that she was leaving, and went back to the Smiths. 
As soon as she arrived at the Smiths’, she received a text message from Justin: ‘I heard about the incident with the Livingstones. Do you want me to give them a warning?’ 
A single word from Justin could scare the crap out of Thomas and his mother.
When Nora saw his message, she called him right away. She asked, “Have you already given them a warning?” 
The man’s voice was very low. He chuckled and replied, “No, not yet. Didn’t I ask for your instructions just now?” 
Nora liked that he didn’t take the liberty to act on his own in everything he did. At the very least, if Justin had given the Livingstones a warning, Helen might not even be able to divorce him anymore. 
She smiled and said, “Nah, you don’t have to warn them about it. We already have a plan. But if I cause the Livingstones to be utterly disgraced, will you be put in a spot, Mr. Hunt?” 
To be honest, he would indeed be very much put in a spot. 
After all, Mrs. Hunt would come crying to him. 
But since Nora had asked, then the answer could only be: “No, it won’t.” 
Thomas was Mrs. Hunt’s grandnephew. By right, now that Mrs. Hunt’s immediate family members were gone, the people from Mrs. Livingstone’s generation should be the only ones staying in contact with her. And once Mrs. Hunt was gone as well, the two families would no longer have any relations with each other. However, Mrs. Hunt cared for her maiden family, and on top of that, Thomas was always visiting. That was how he had forcibly made it look as if the two families shared a close relationship with each other. 
For Mrs. Hunt’s sake, Justin was also willing to take care of the Livingstones a little. However, that was all just charity on his part.
Since the Livingstones were blind enough to offend Nora, then he didn’t need to care about such things anymore. Justin was very clear about who mattered and who he should keep dear. 
Nevertheless, he should still ask for credit where it was due. 
Justin said straightforwardly, “Even if Grandma hits me with a bat, I still won’t be put in a spot.” 
Nora: “…” 
Come to think about it, it seemed like Justin also had it pretty tough being caught in between her and Mrs. Hunt. Fortunately, he still chose to stand firmly on her side. 
Satisfied, Nora uttered, “Yeah.” 
Justin took the opportunity to make a request. He said, “Then are you still coming over to the Hunts tomorrow? You were in such a hurry today that I didn’t even have time to show you around, especially… I intend to turn my villa into our home after marriage. Do you want to give your opinion on the renovations?”. 
Nora thought for a while and replied, “I only have one request.” 
“What?” 
“The bed has to be comfortable.” 
COU 
Justin also knew that that was the only thing she would ask for. He chuckled and said, “Of course, it has to be comfortable. After all, if the bed is not sturdy enough, I’m afraid it won’t be able to support the two of us when we…” Nora: “?”
Weren’t they chatting? Why was the man suddenly making innuendos? She rolled her eyes. “While we do what?” 
“Don’t think too much, I was talking about us fighting on it. Didn’t you say it yourself, Big Sister? You’ll beat me up every time you see me…” 
Nora: “!” 
She suddenly felt like her fists were itching. “Tsk, Big Brother, I suddenly feel like married life won’t be that boring anymore. We can spar every day. This way, we can even exercise a little.” 
Justin: “…” 
That wasn’t the kind of exercise he wanted! 
He said, “Why don’t you come over tomorrow and we make a pick for the master bedroom? Cherry and Pete haven’t been to the Hunts for really long too.” 
“… Alright.” 
Nora agreed. She wondered what kind of sparks would fly among the three little fellows once Cherry and Pete met Xander?! 
She raised her eyebrows and tried for a while to imagine the three of them together, but she simply couldn’t. At last, she shook her head and said, “By the way, Ruth is not Xander’s mother.” 
When Justin heard this, his pupils shrank. “Are you sure?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora answered.
The two chatted a little more before they hung up. 
Justin sat in the study and thought about what Nora had said just now. Suddenly, he got up and walked to the basement. 
He emitted bloodthirsty murderous intent all over. 
He had been worried that Ruth could really be Xander’s mother, so he hadn’t gotten rid of her. But now that he knew the truth… Heh. 
He went downstairs. When he arrived at the basement, he found the butler standing guard at the door. 
When Justin walked over, he realized that Xander was also there. 
He was squatting on the ground and chatting with Ruth while facing her. 
Rather than saying that they were chatting, though, it was more like Xander was making fun of Ruth. The little fellow’s chin was resting on his hands as he looked at Ruth and prattled away. 
However, what he said stunned Justin!!
###Chapter 634
Chapter 634 Are You? Are You Worthy of It? 
The butler noticed Justin. When he was about to speak, Justin stopped him. He went up to the door and looked inside quietly. 
He narrowed his eyes, a look of scrutiny forming within. 
To be honest, fathers didn’t have any resistance towards their children. 
This was especially in the case of people who’d had children before. Thus, even if Xander was a little devil who had been raised by Trueman, and even if he had thrown the whole Hunt manor into a tizzy after his arrival, Justin nevertheless still gradually went from finding the boy a stranger to feeling a bit softhearted towards him. 
But when he saw him sitting opposite Ruth, he still couldn’t help but frown. 
The child did not understand the difference between good and evil, let alone what was right and what wasn’t. In addition, what he did after he returned to the Hunts had indeed angered him. 
Yet when he thought of how he might be the third child he had with Nora, he would relent again. 
In fact, he was actually worried about something. Should the child really be beyond hope, and should he be determined to take Trueman and Ruth’s side, then even if he must imprison him for a lifetime, he still mustn’t allow him to hurt his loved ones! 
While he was contemplating, he saw Xander hand Ruth a carrot. He was telling her about the benefits of eating carrots. 
“Carrots contain a lot of nutrition. They also contain carotene and anthocyanins. Eating three a day can lower one’s cholesterol levels by 10 to 20%. It can also effectively prevent cardiovascular and
cerebrovascular diseases, which is very important to the human body…” 
He prattled on and on about the benefits of eating carrots, but Ruth became angry instead. She said, “I told you, I want bread! I want rice! I want carbohydrates! Xander, I have already gone hungry for six days! If you continue like this, I will die!” 
“No, you won’t. Carrots have nutrients, they will keep you alive, so don’t worry about it. Also, even if you really are dying, I will find someone to save you…” 
Xander spoke with a lot of confidence. 
Ruth: “…” 
She was furious. She said, “Xander, tell me, are you doing this just to take revenge on me?! Because I made you eat carrots when you were younger?! The opportunity has come to you now, hasn’t it? But don’t forget this— I will go back sooner or later! When I do, I will tell your father what you did! As for you, there will eventually come a day where you’ll fall into my clutches again!” 
A touch of contemplation flashed across Xander’s eyes, but his expression remained amicable. He held his chin with his hands and said, “What are you talking about? I don’t understand.” 
“How can you not?! You did it on purpose! When you were four years old, my brother entrusted you to me and told me to take care of you for a week. During that one week, all I fed you were carrots every day. You must be holding a grudge against me because of that! You little brat, I didn’t expect you to still remember all that even though so much time has already gone by. How dare you do this to me! You must be sick of living!” 
As Ruth spoke, she went forward to hit him. 
However, because she hadn’t eaten for a long time, she was weak all over. The moment she moved a little, she fell straight onto the ground.
Xander stood up in front of her and rubbed his nose. 
This subconscious action of his was actually exactly the same as Justin’s! 
At the door, Justin froze when he heard their conversation and saw Xander’s subconscious action. 
He had always been a little wary towards Xander. Thus, he had never liked this son of his since his return. 
Even if he did faintly feel a bit of fondness for him, he suppressed it at the bottom of his heart and kept it hidden. 
He’d thought that Trueman must have treated Xander very well, which led to the development of his anarchical character, but never had he ever imagined that Xander had actually gone through all that? 
Giving a child nothing but carrots for seven days—just how exactly did Ruth have the heart to do something like that?! 
He suddenly clenched his fists and stared fixedly into the interrogation room. 
Xander was standing there, staring at Ruth. After a while, he said, “Yeah, if my father hadn’t returned in time, I might really have starved to death!” 
Ruth yelled furiously, “What nonsense are you talking about? You have everything in your room! There is fire, there are pots, and there are also rabbits! All you had to do was just eat those rabbits! Who told you to be so pretentious and say ridiculous things like the rabbits are your friends? You even gave the carrots to the rabbits! What a joke. Those rabbits are delicacies to humans! I really don’t know who you’re putting on that pretentious act for! My brother may pamper you and let you play with the rabbits, but I
won’t! You love your rabbits so much, don’t you? Then let’s see whether you can hold back from eating them when you’re starved for weeks!” 
Xander lowered his head. “They are not food or animals. They are my friends.” 
Ruth sneered and said in a low voice, “So what even if they are? Didn’t they get eaten anyway after they died?! Hahaha! When my brother came back, he took you out and gave you a pot of meat, right? That was a pot of rabbit meat! And also your favorite No. 6’s meat!” 
Xander trembled a little. The thin little boy seemed to emanate a sense of loneliness and confusion. 
He stared at Ruth. “Yeah, Dad scolded you after that. I thought you would change, but unexpectedly, you instead killed No. 6 the very next moment and even tricked me into eating it…” 
Ruth smirked. “Aren’t rabbits delicious? I remember asking you how it tasted at the time, you said it was delicious. And then? What happened later on? Whenever your rabbits died, you would always choose to eat them. Heh, so is there anything wrong with what I did?” 
Xander stared at her. 
Indeed, ever since that incident, he would eat his rabbits after they died. 
Because… if he didn’t, then the rabbits would be taken away and used as specimens for more research. His friends wouldn’t be able to rest in peace even after their deaths. 
If he ate them instead, then the rabbits would be safe. 
While Xander was thinking about it, the door to the room was suddenly pushed open. Justin strode in, his deep-set eyes staring straight at Ruth. 
There was murderous intent in his eyes.
Ruth was shocked and intimidated by the look in his eyes. But right after that, she asked, “Mr. Hunt, are you here to let me out?” Justin’s gaze became even colder. “Yeah, I’ll send you home.” 
Ruth’s eyes lit up. But the next moment, she instead heard Justin add, “After all, one must eventually return to their roots.” 
Ruth suddenly understood what he meant. Her eyes widened in fright and she shouted, “Y-you’re thinking of killing me? No, you can’t do this to me! I’m Xander’s mother!” 
Xander had promised Trueman that he would not expose her identity. This was the only thing that could protect her now! 
Unexpectedly, as soon as she said that, Justin said, “Oh, are you? Are you… Worthy of being his mother?”
###Chapter 635
Chapter 635 A Family of Five 
Even an ordinary unrelated person wouldn’t have been able to starve a four-year-old for a whole week! 
Even he, Justin, had never abused Xander after meeting the child, despite how much he hated Trueman. 
Ruth was badly frightened when she heard Justin’s words. She swallowed. “W-what are you saying? I am his mother. If you don’t believe me, then ask Xander!” Xander was standing at the side and looking at Justin in confusion. He didn’t understand why Justin had suddenly come in, or why he was suddenly so angry. 
But he still thought of the instructions Trueman had given him before he came to the States. 
He had told him to cooperate with Ruth. It would do as long as it didn’t expose her identity. 
Therefore, after he came to the States, he had never once called Ruth “Aunt Ruth”. Ruth’s question at this moment was putting him in a spot, though. He didn’t want to speak lies like Ruth was his mother. 
The little fellow in an internal struggle said, “She…” 
“Shut up!” Justin suddenly barked in a low voice. The man had a very powerful aura around him and he gave off a very oppressive feeling. In this small and dark basement, he was clearly the king of this world, dominating one’s life and death! 
Those two words of his frightened Xander. 
Then, the man said in a low voice, “Where’s the butler?” 
“Here, sir.” 
“Take Xander upstairs and put him to bed.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Without another word, the butler picked up Xander in his arms and walked out of the basement at once. 
For the first time, Xander became scared. Puzzled, he turned his head to the back and looked at Justin’s back. The figure was obviously getting further and further away from him, but in his eyes, it was as if it was instead becoming bigger and bigger… This continued until the butler went out the door with him in his arms and then went upstairs. 
When he was sure that Xander had entered his room, Justin finally looked at Ruth. 
Then, he turned and shut the door to the basement. 
Ruth looked at him, a touch of despair suddenly welling up in her… 
She asked in trepidation, “M-Mr. Hunt, what… what are you doing?” 
“Sending you home.” 
The terrible screams from the basement were all blocked by the soundproofed walls. 
In the guest room upstairs, Xander lay on the bed with his eyes closed. However, he pressed his ears hard against the bed and carefully tried to listen to the sounds downstairs, but he simply could not hear anything. 
The little fellow couldn’t help but rollover. 
Then, he opened his eyes. 
Had the tyrant suddenly become angry just now because of him? 
Surely not?
The tyrant obviously didn’t like him. Trueman had also said that the tyrant was in love with a woman. He would not like him for the sake of that woman too. 
Therefore, the tyrant disliked him very much. 
But if that was the case, then why was the tyrant punishing Aunt Ruth? 
Xander couldn’t figure it out, so he decided not to think about it anymore. 
That night, Xander had another nightmare. 
In the nightmare, a big tiger kept chasing him and said that it wanted to eat him and his rabbits. He ran and ran, but he simply couldn’t keep running anymore. 
Just when he thought he was going to be eaten, a big and tall figure suddenly appeared in front of him. 
He couldn’t see the tall figure’s face because his back was to him, but for some strange reason, in the dream, he found the figure very reliable, and he gave him a strong sense of security. 
Early the next morning, Nora brought Pete and Cherry to the Hunts’ manor. 
As soon as they entered, Cherry dived into Justin’s arms like a butterfly. In her young and tender voice, she shouted, “Daddy, Daddy! Did you miss me?” 
Justin caught the little girl and picked her up. Then, he replied, “Yes, I did.” 
Cherry immediately gave him a kiss on the forehead. “I missed you too! I even dreamed of you!” 
“Really?” 
Justin sounded pleasantly surprised. “What did you dream?”
Cherry started to talk about her dream. Pete followed beside the two of them with a disdainful look, his expression as though he had nothing to live for anymore. At this moment, Justin’s large hand suddenly landed on his head and ruffled his hair. 
Pete immediately lowered his head and avoided his hand. He said, “Ty… Daddy, you mustn’t touch a child’s head. Otherwise, they will become stupid.” 
But Justin instead replied, “Well, you have a high IQ anyway, so it’s okay even if you become a little stupid.” 
Justin then looked at the back. 
Nora dragged her feet and yawned as she walked behind the three of them. Obviously, she hadn’t slept enough yet. He asked, “What time did you sleep last night?” 
Nora rolled her eyes. “It’s because I got up too early today.” 
Had she woken up early so that she could come over to meet him? 
Justin smiled. 
He suddenly paused for half a step. When Nora walked up to him, he said, “I’ve taken care of Ruth.” 
Taken care of her? 
Nora was a little surprised. “What did you do to her? The special department still has their eyes on Ruth and is planning to look for clues through her.” 
Justin asked, “If Ruth really knew anything integral to the organization, do you think someone like Trueman would have allowed her to come to the States?”
Nora also felt that Trueman didn’t care about Ruth at all. 
Hearing this, she uttered an “oh” and didn’t bother any further with the topic. She said, “Just don’t give the special department anything to use against you.” 
“Of course not. I don’t do anything illegal.” 
Justin said, “I only sent her home.” 
Ruth’s home was located abroad. It had nothing to do with him if she was killed in a gun robbery outside the country. 
Nora: “…” 
She understood now. She raised her head and glanced upstairs. Then, she looked at Cherry and Pete and asked, “Where is Xander?” 
She wondered what kind of scene the three little fellows would make?
###Chapter 636
Chapter 636 Good News~~ 
Upon hearing what she said, Justin suddenly said, “I’m starting to feel more and more like Xander is our son.” 
Nora was taken aback. “How so?” 
Justin suddenly smiled. “He went to bed very early last night, but he is still asleep even now, and he always looks like he doesn’t get enough sleep. Did he inherit that from you?” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
In the bedroom upstairs. 
Xander had actually already woken up a long time ago. In fact, he was even hiding behind the curtain at the windowsill and looking down at the lower floor. 
When Justin picked up Cherry, a lump had even formed in his throat. For a moment, he really wanted to throw Cherry onto the floor. But when he thought of how they might be Cherry and Pete, the friends whom he had gotten to know through the Internet, he resisted the urge to do so. 
That woman had given birth to Cherry and Pete. 
The four of them were a family, whereas he, Xander, was an extra. Therefore, he wasn’t going to join them. 
Hah.
The proud Xander continued hiding upstairs. He closed his eyes and continued pretending that he was asleep. 
Xander was asleep, so after the family of four entered the living room, Nora sat on the sofa, closed her eyes, and rested. 
Cherry was in Justin’s arms. She was showing him her ranking in her game on her cell phone. She said, “Daddy, look! I have already achieved 100 stars in the game! Aren’t I amazing?!” 
Justin nodded. “Yup, Cherry is the best.” Cherry grinned happily at the praise. Next to them, Pete couldn’t help sighing. “Even if you stick your foot in his face, he would still say it smells nice.” 
Cherry: “?” 
She retorted indignantly, “But my feet do smell nice!” 
Why would a little princess’ feet possibly stink?! 
Pete: “…” 
The few of them engaged one another in a rather vapid conversation. A while later, when Justin was about to invite Nora upstairs to pick a room for their master bedroom after marriage, footsteps suddenly came from the door. Then, with the help of the housekeeper, an unsteady Mrs. Hunt walked in. 
As soon as she entered, her gaze fell on Nora. She said, “I heard that Pete is back, so I came over to have a look. So, Ms. Smith is also here?” 
Nora opened her eyes, raised her eyebrows, and ignored her. 
The old lady walked up to Pete. “Pete, come over to Great-Grandma and let me see if you’ve lost weight? How have you been? Have you been healthy? Have you been eating well? Did the Smiths mistreat you?!”
By saying such things in front of Nora, Mrs. Hunt was deliberately trying to anger her. 
Unfortunately, she found that Nora was not affected by her questions in the least. Pete also answered earnestly, “No, the Smiths are great too. Grandpa treats me very well.” Seeing that Nora was still ignoring her, Mrs. Hunt suddenly found all this rather boring. 
Thus, she stopped trying to be mean and sat on the sofa instead. She looked at Nora and said, “Ms. Smith, I have already given the Livingstones instructions not to spread the news about your misdiagnosis!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows when she heard this. 
What was she trying to say by that? 
While she was thinking about it, Mrs. Hunt went on. “I initially thought that your medical skills must be very impressive since you are Dr. Zabe’s disciple, but you ultimately still have too little experience in comparison with him. Only the elderly are good at alternative medicine! It’s different from modern medicine.” 
She then said, “Originally, Thomas thought you were in collusion with Helen, so he was hell-bent on publicizing the matter. I was the one who stopped him…” 
After saying that, she looked at Nora. 
She’d thought that Nora would thank her for it, but unexpectedly, the woman’s attitude towards her was actually still as halfhearted as ever. Mrs. Hunt became rather angry at once. “Ms. Smith, I know you don’t care about such things—after all, your reputation is already in tatters—but you still have to pay more attention to it in the future. After all, even if you don’t care about it, the Hunts do!”
As soon as she said that, Justin cast his eyes down and said, “On the contrary, I think these things about fame and status aren’t very important. Haven’t I also been notorious all these years? How has that affected the Hunts?” 
Upon being talked back right to her face, Mrs. Hunt found herself at a loss for words. 
A short while later, she finally stood and said, “Fine, it’s this old lady here who was being too meddlesome! Thomas is a loudmouth. I daresay that if I tell them that I’m washing my hands off this matter, news of Nora’s misdiagnosis will definitely become the talk of the city tomorrow!” 
COIL 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “Oh, it’s okay.” 
Nora still looked as though she wasn’t intending to speak. Mrs. Hunt was infuriated. “Fine, fine. Since all of you are taking that attitude, then I’ll get someone to tell them about it right away!” 
As she spoke, she started walking out. 
When she reached the door, Nora suddenly said, “Mrs. Hunt.” 
Mrs. Hunt stopped and looked over. As expected, Nora must not want to be embarrassed either, right? So, was she giving in now? 
But as soon as the thought flashed through her mind, she instead heard Nora ask, “When are the Livingstones planning to get the divorce done?” 
Mrs. Hunt: ?
She was furious. “I just received news that they have already gone to the court. Looking at the time, the two of them should be out by now!” 
“Oh?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows when she heard this. Then, she chuckled and said, “In that case, I also have a piece of good news here to celebrate with you, Mrs. Hunt.” Mrs. Hunt was taken aback. “What’s the good news?”
###Chapter 637
Chapter 637 Thomas The Huge Cuckold! 
Nora cast her cat-like eyes down and slowly said, “I have never made any mistakes in my diagnoses.” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. 
She clenched her jaw. “Heh, are you trying to say that your diagnosis of Thomas is correct?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and said nothing. 
Mrs. Hunt balled up her fists. As someone who had experienced so many things in life, she had actually already had her own suspicions when Thomas said that Cecelia was pregnant. She had even personally brought it up to the Livingstones. 
At that time, Mrs. Livingstone and Thomas had clearly promised that they would investigate it properly. 
Since they had proceeded with the divorce, she’d thought that it was because Thomas had already made sure that the problem didn’t lie with him, or that he had confirmed that the child in Cecelia’s belly was his! But judging from how confident Nora looked… 
She couldn’t help but think of the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills that Nora had made. Dr. Zabe was the only person in the world who could make those pills, but he had long since become bedridden and unable to make medicine anymore. 
Nora was the one and only disciple whom Dr. Zabe had personally accepted. When Mrs. Hunt thought of this, she suddenly became flustered. 
She hurriedly walked out with the help of the housekeeper!
Seeing her staggering back, the corners of Nora’s lips lifted into a smile. 
Justin looked at the cheeky smile on her lips. For some reason, he suddenly found it terribly difficult to resist the urge in him. He couldn’t help but step forward and give her a kiss at the corner of her lips. 
As soon as he did that, both of them were stunned. 
Even Cherry and Pete were dumbfounded. 
Then, Cherry turned away and covered her eyes. “Yikes, how shameful! But I can’t see anything anymore! Mommy and Daddy can continue what they are doing!” 
As for Pete, he lowered his head and said calmly, “Did something happen, Cherry? I was working on my problems just now, so I didn’t see anything.” 
Cherry shook her head wildly at once. “Not at all, not at all! I was playing games the whole time, so I didn’t see anything either…” 
Nora: “…” 
She kept quiet for a while, but in the end, she couldn’t help but expose Cherry. “You haven’t even logged in to your game.” Cherry paused. Then, she picked up her phone and said, “Really?” 
She sighed silently. “These detestable underage restrictions! The child lock is still stopping me from playing games! Alas!” 
Justin also couldn’t resist exposing Pete. “Your book is upside down.” 
Pete: “…” 
He straightened the book in silence. He was about to say something when Justin suddenly exchanged a look with Nora. Then, as if they were telepathic, the two of them picked up the two kids and gave Cherry
and Pete each a kiss on the cheek. 
Cherry and Pete, who were caught off guard and kissed by their parents, reacted completely differently. 
Cherry blinked and said, “Mommy, your mouth smells nice~ I feel like my heart is soaring through the skies from the kiss, and I feel like I’m in such a good mood that I can play a hundred rounds without losing my temper!~” 
Nora replied, “… It seems that you’re only allowed to play for an hour a day, though?” Cherry: “…” 
Hmph, Mommy is so mean! Why does she always have to poke her where it hurts?! 
As for Pete, he wiped his cheek in silence with a look of disgust. 
Justin: “…” 
He looked at the son in his arms, and then at his soft, tender, and sweet-talking daughter. Justin suddenly felt like he had kissed the wrong person! 
The brat simply mustn’t be pampered. 
While the four of them were being rowdy, upstairs, Xander’s eyes were widened as he watched them in disbelief. 
It seemed like he had never seen people kissing one another like that. 
He touched his mouth and suddenly curled his lips disdainfully. 
Mouths were meant for eating. Wasn’t it dirty to kiss people like that? 
Hah, those two stupid kids!
But he nevertheless touched his lips with his fingers. Then, he put two fingers together and rubbed them against his cheek. 
Was this what a kiss felt like? 
Xander was in a daze. But right after, he suddenly shuddered. Yuck, how gross! He would never do such childish things. 
He would never play with them either! 
With that in mind, Xander shrank back and crawled back into the bedroom. 
The family of four downstairs didn’t see Xander come down even when lunchtime came. When Nora went upstairs to take a look, she found that Xander was pretending to be asleep. However, since he wasn’t sick, she didn’t expose him. 
After all, even though Xander might be her son, the final results weren’t out yet. She didn’t want to invest her emotions in him too early. 
In the event that it turned out that they weren’t parent and child in the DNA test, yet she had already developed feelings for the child, things would become troublesome. 
And she had always been someone who hated trouble the most. 
Therefore, Nora went down the stairs and played with Cherry and Pete for a while. After that, the four of them went upstairs to pick the master bedroom. 
Princess Cherry straight-up took two rooms. She wanted to merge the two rooms and then put her dolls in them.
Pete’s room was beside Cherry’s. 
Even though Justin hadn’t brought it up, he had also wanted to merge two rooms for Pete. However, Nora said, “I think you can merge these two rooms and use one of them as a study. Pete’s robots and books can be placed in there.” 
She felt that their father was being too partial to one party, so she had to even things out. 
Pete’s eyes, which were looking at Nora, lit up brightly at once. At the sight, even Nora couldn’t help but ruffle his hair with a smile. 
Justin originally wanted to say that they didn’t have to go about it in such a troublesome way. Once the brat grew up, he would just give him a small house and let him stay there instead of living with them. 
However, this was the only suggestion Nora had given about the renovation, so after a 0.1-second-long silence, Justin still agreed to it in the end. 
When they left at night, Nora left Cherry there. 
After all, she couldn’t let Justin be all alone either, could she? 
She had completely forgotten that when she first learned about the two children, she had wanted to kick a certain someone away and escape with the two kids. 
“Bye-bye, Mommy, I will miss you!” 
Cherry stretched out her chubby little hand. After she said that cutely, she immediately took Justin’s hand and raised her head. Her black jewel-like eyes were damp and moist, making it unbearable to see her like that. She said, “Daddy, I’m so sad that I can’t play my games! Can you really bear to make a cute little girl like me sad?”
Justin: “…” 
“Daddy, can you ask Y to write me a program that can fool the system and make me look like an adult?” 
In response to his pitiful daughter’s demands, Justin only made one request: “Don’t tell your mom about it!” 
“Don’t worry, Daddy!” 
Cherry’s eyes were bright and shiny. “I love Daddy the most!” 
Justin: “…” 
After that, Cherry went upstairs happily. 
While the family of four was happily spending time with one another, Mrs. Hunt was deeply troubled. 
After Nora had said that, she had returned to her house and called Thomas right away. When she called, Thomas and Helen had just exited the court. 
As he looked at the divorce decree in his hand, Thomas said, “Helen, you should also understand that for wealthy families like ours, heirs take top priority. Nobody would want a woman like you who can’t reproduce! On account of how we were married for three years, why don’t you stay with me? I’m going to marry Cecelia, though-after all, I have to give my child a proper identity! But don’t worry, I won’t treat you badly. What do you say?” 
Helen clenched her fists as she listened to the disgusting things he was saying. 
She took a deep breath. A moment later, she slowly said, “Thomas, what is so good about being with you? Are you that good in bed? Do you know how happy I am to be able to divorce you?! At last, I don’t
have to tolerate your incompetence and inexplicable self-confidence anymore!” 
Her words stabbed right into Thomas’ sore spot. He had always been smug about his great stamina in bed. Thus, he immediately got angry and said furiously, “Good going, Helen! You shameless ingrate! Okay, then we’ll see just how miserable you’ll be in the future! Heh, don’t expect that I’ll hide the truth for you when others ask me why we divorced!” 
He turned around to leave after shouting at her. However, it was at this time that he received a call from Mrs. Hunt.
###Chapter 638
Chapter 638 Taking Action! 
When Thomas answered the phone, he heard Mrs. Hunt asking, “Have you divorced her?” 
“Yes, I’ve collected the certificate.” 
Thomas said. When he turned around to look at Helen, he instead saw that she had already gotten in the car and left. The sight infuriated him at once. In his opinion, Helen had to be in tears and crying her eyes out when she left him. But judging from her appearance, why did it look like she was dying to divorce him instead? 
While he was thinking about it, he heard what Mrs. Hunt said. Thomas immediately sneered, “Grandaunt, in my opinion, she must just be talking big again! Don’t worry! I know my body well! There’s definitely no problem with me! Also, I have already asked Cecelia about it. She is very sure that the child is mine! Because she is no longer in contact with her previous boyfriend!” 
Cecelia was a well-known socialite in the circle and had a chaotic private life. 
Mrs. Hunt frowned and said, “Even so, you should still be cautious. Why don’t you visit a hospital and go for a checkup? Even if you don’t trust alternative medicine, surely you trust modern medicine, right?” 
When Thomas heard this, he fell silent. It was only after a while that he finally replied, “Okay, okay, I get it.” 
After hanging up the phone, he walked to his car. 
He opened the door. In the passenger seat was a woman with heavy make-up-it was Cecelia. 
Cecelia asked, “Shall we go and register our marriage?”
Initially, Thomas had said that he would register his marriage with Cecelia immediately after he divorced Helen. After all, they couldn’t get married after Cecelia’s belly showed instead. If that happened, it would end up reflecting poorly on them. 
But when he thought of what Mrs. Hunt said just now, Thomas suddenly felt that there was no need to rush. He kissed Cecelia and said, “Tsk, what’s the hurry? The test can be done once the baby is four- months-old, right? We’ll register the marriage after we do a DNA test. If you are in a hurry, we can hold the wedding first.” 
DNA test? 
Cecelia’s eyes flickered. She said, “I see, Thomas, do you not trust me? If you don’t trust me, then why are you marrying me?! In that case, I will have the baby aborted right away! I don’t want this baby anymore! It hasn’t even been born yet, yet its father is already rejecting it! Why is my baby’s life so hard?!” Thomas looked at her. “That’s enough, what are you putting up that act in front of me for? It’s all because you have a bad reputation, so the elders at home are worried. Once the baby is four-months- old, we can do a DNA test and put my family’s hearts at ease. Why wouldn’t I trust you? But is there any use if I alone trust you? My family has to trust you too! Be good- I know you are suffering injustice here, but if you have done nothing wrong, then what’s there to be afraid of? It’s just a DNA test. What’s so scary about it?” 
Cecelia bit her lip. She knew that Thomas had already made up his mind. 
Cecelia could only lower her head. “I am doing this all for your sake! You mustn’t bully me in the future!” 
“Okay, okay. C’mon, let’s go, baby. I’ll buy you a ring!” 
As the two drove off in the car, a touch of anxiety flashed across Cecelia’s eyes.
A day later. 
News that the Livingstones had divorced Helen because she was infertile spread throughout New York. 
“What’s going on? Why are you implicated by this?” Sheril, whose hair reached her shoulders, said angrily in front of Nora, “Not only are they saying that your medical skills are lacking and that you were bribed by Helen, but they are also saying that you were planning to let the Livingstones be the scapegoat?” 
Nora let out a huge yawn. She took a sip of water and asked, “You woke me up so early just to say that?”. 
A confused Sheril said, “But it’s not early anymore. It’s already eleven!” 
Nora always slept until one o’clock in the afternoon! 
She sighed and took out a slice of bread. As she tore it into strips and ate it, Sheril went on. “Everyone’s saying that you are too young and that you only have superficial mastery of Dr. Zabe’s medical skills and not the essence, so your medical skills are lacking! They are too much!” 
Nora uttered an “oh”. 
Sheril would like to say that she, an onlooker, was simply so much more anxious than the person involved herself! 
She asked, “What are you going to do?” 
Nora’s eyes were a little dark as she replied, “Don’t worry about it.” 
She’d thought that the Stewarts would take it slow, but unexpectedly, they had actually taken action so quickly and so aggressively!
###Chapter 639
Chapter 639 Face-Slapping At The Birthday Party! 
The rumors spread so wildly that the news became the juiciest piece of gossip in the circle. 
After all, rich elderly ladies loved gossiping about other people the most. 
The Stewarts had long since become the envy of everyone in New York because all the Stewart sisters had given birth to triplets, yet Helen couldn’t. 
Everyone was laughing at them. 
As for Nora… When everyone heard that she wasn’t actually that skilled in alternative medicine, they finally heaved a huge sigh of relief. 
It couldn’t be helped. Ever since the return of the real young lady of the Smiths, she had already given everyone too many surprises. 
After hearing that her medical skills were lacking, everyone finally found her more down-to-earth. 
No one ridiculed her, however. In fact… 
“Don’t get yourself down, Ms. Smith! You are still young. It’s only natural that the older and more experienced the doctor is in alternative medicine, the better they are!” 
“Yes, that’s right. Ms. Smith, alternative medicine pays more attention to relying on talking to the patient, observing the patient’s symptoms, and skillful pulse diagnoses. You have been working behind closed doors and away from the masses previously, so it’s only natural that you would have less experience. Besides, it’s probably very difficult to tell through one’s pulse that they have a condition like asthenospermia, right? Therefore, this is not your fault.”
“Ms. Smith, even though you didn’t inherit the essence of Dr. Zabe’s skills in alternative medicine, it doesn’t matter. After all, you are great at modern medicine! For people like us, our hands would be shaking if we had to hold a scalpel, yet you can even operate on people’s brains! That’s really amazing!” 
“Ms. Smith, when are you and Mr. Hunt getting married? Has the wedding date been 
set?” 
A group of women surrounded Nora and chattered away non-stop. Nora felt a headache coming on, and she somewhat regretted attending the party. 
It was Helen’s birthday today. 
Yes, the day after her divorce was her birthday, but Thomas must have forgotten all about it, right? 
In order to wash away the dispirited air around her younger sister, Jessica, the eldest young lady of the Stewarts, had organized a grand birthday party for her. 
Jessica, who had married into the Scotts, had six children-four boys and two girls. Her status in the family was also very high. 
Since she had personally organized the birthday party, on account of the Scotts, most of the invited guests would attend. 
Moreover, Jessica was also intending to seek a new partner for Helen at the birthday party. 
The best way to shake off a previous relationship was to start another one right away. 
Nora had also been invited, so she was also here.
She nodded at the people around her indifferently and walked to the side. 
After she left, the few people said mockingly to the people sucking up to her just now, “She’s not even Mrs. Hunt yet, I don’t know why you people are flattering her so much! Besides, her medical skills aren’t that great either!” 
The few of them, however, sneered, “Even if she isn’t Mrs. Hunt, she’s still Ms. Smith. Besides, you make it sound as if you people are that great. I really don’t know what gives you the idea that you can look down on others?” 
The people mocking them suddenly choked on their breaths. 
Elsewhere, Nora had walked up to Helen, who looked listless and as though she couldn’t get her spirits up at all. 
Jessica was lecturing her. “Can’t you psych yourself up a little? Is that scumbag really worth you doing this?”. Helen hung her head and sighed. “Jessica, I’m not doing this for him. But I really find it pointless to announce the truth at the party. So what even if everyone knows that I’m not infertile? Do we want the people approaching the Stewarts to propose marriage only for Stewarts’ ability to reproduce?” 
Sometimes, people who had been hurt too deeply found it a chore to even fight back. 
Jessica looked as if she had expected better from her, yet she also choked at her words. 
At this moment, a flurry of activity suddenly came from the door. 
The three of them looked over to see a woman with heavy make-up walking in-it was Cecelia! 
Helen’s pupils shrank at once and she stood up.
Cecelia smiled and said, “Helen, it’s your birthday today, so I’ve come to give you a gift. I’d also like to offer you my apologies. Thomas really shouldn’t have spread the truth everywhere like that. His actions are too hurtful towards you…” 
Helen, who had looked utterly listless just a second ago, immediately got all fired up! 
Nora: “?” 
As expected, the one capable of stimulating Helen would only be the enemy she hated the most, right?
###Chapter 640
Chapter 640 Her Schemes Fail! 
Nora raised her eyebrows. Helen clenched her fists and asked hostilely, “What are you doing here?” 
Cecelia walked over and sighed. “I am here to give you a gift, of course.” 
She handed over the gift box in her hand. “Thomas bought this handbag for me. I think it suits you well, so I’ll just give it to you…” 
The handbag that Thomas had bought for her… Thomas had never bought her even a single gift during their three years of marriage! 
Helen became even angrier, and she felt like her heart hurt a little. 
In the end, what exactly was her three-year-long marriage?! She clutched her chest and took a step back. 
Jessica stepped in front of her and said, “Sorry, you are not welcome here.” 
Cecelia sighed. “Jessica, you can say that we were close friends back then. There are only so many people in the circle. They may be divorced, but do the Stewarts really want to have a sour relationship with the Livingstones? I’m sure the people attending the birthday party today wouldn’t want to see the two families fall out with each other, either!” 
The people around them felt rather awkward at once. 
For the sake of the Scotts, they were willing to attend the party, but if they were going to fall out with the Livingstones, then they would be unwilling to see that happen. 
Cecelia’s words seemed to force the people present into taking sides—in other words, forcing them to become enemies with the Livingstones.
To be honest, the Livingstones weren’t scary. It was the Hunts who were! 
Everyone glanced at Nora and then at Cecelia. 
Nora was the Hunts’ future mistress, but Cecelia was part of the Livingstones, and the Livingstones were the elderly Mrs. Hunt’s family. 
Would Mrs. Hunt sit by idly and watch the Livingstones get bullied? 
For a while there, everyone was thrown into an internal struggle. Had they known this would happen, they would have made up an excuse and skipped the party! 
Jessica understood what they were thinking. They were only here as a favor to her so that the divorce wouldn’t look so awful on their part. They had kind intentions, so she couldn’t possibly let the people who had come leave the place unhappily. 
Therefore, Jessica said promptly and decisively, “You’re making it sound more serious than it is. What do you mean by a sour relationship or whatnot? Are the Stewarts and the Livingstones going to become enemies just because the two of them have divorced? We are still friends! Besides, I even sent an invitation to the Livingstones for Helen’s birthday party today!” 
Cecelia went with the flow and said, “That’s right. Since we are friends, then don’t you welcome your friend here?” 
Jessica: “!!” 
The huffy woman could only say in an aggrieved manner, “I was just worried about your health. After all, you’re pregnant, aren’t you?” 
She looked at Cecelia’s belly.
Cecelia’s belly was already starting to show a little. Jessica immediately said, “I heard you are one month pregnant? Why does your belly look like you are three months pregnant instead, though?” 
As soon as she said that, Cecelia’s eyes flickered. 
She was so scared that she looked straight at Jessica. However, the other party had a sincere look on her face as though she didn’t mean anything else by what she said. 
Cecelia breathed a sigh of relief. 
She must have been thinking too much. At this time, there was activity at the door again. Everyone turned their heads to see Thomas walking in. 
He even had a bouquet of flowers in his hand when he entered. 
At the sight of him, everyone looked at one another. 
To be honest, in a divorce between two wealthy families, it was impossible for the two families to break off all ties with each other–because the two families’ businesses had already become entangled with each other’s at the point of marriage. This was the reason why so many people would rather have their own relationships in private than divorce. 
Driven by interests, to be honest, even Jessica didn’t actually want to fall out with the Livingstones, either. 
The reason for the birthday party today, as well as why she had even invited Thomas to the party, was actually so that she could give Thomas the evidence of Cecelia’s cheating behind closed doors. By choosing to tell them the truth before Cecelia and Thomas got married, one could say that she was showing the Livingstones goodwill.
After that, they would publicly announce that Thomas and Helen’s divorce was not because of Helen’s infertility. 
Jessica knew that this way of doing things was actually very frustrating. 
But she had no other choice. 
This was the way it was in the world of grown-ups. Jessica’s plans were very beautifully thought-out. 
Seeing that Thomas was also being very supportive and had even brought flowers, she breathed a sigh of relief at once. She walked over and said, “You’re here.” 
Thomas had always had a good reputation among outsider. This was also why Mrs. Livingstone was sure that the Livingstones’ reputation wouldn’t suffer even if they divorced. 
He looked straight at Helen and handed her the bouquet. He said, “A night of love is worth a hundred days of friendship after all. Even though we are no longer husband and wife, we are still friends. If you ever need my help, you can approach me.” 
During the divorce the day before, the bastard had said such scummy things in private, causing Helen to leave in fury. 
But when he said those words today… Even though she knew very well that the man’s words were not to be trusted and were false, in that instant, Helen still felt like crying. 
As she held her tears back, she lowered her head, took the flowers from him, and nodded. 
Then, she said, “Excuse me, I have to go for a change of clothes.” 
After speaking, she turned and walked upstairs.
Jessica wanted to follow her, but more guests arrived at the door at this point. As the hostess, Jessica had to greet them. 
A bored Nora was about to follow Helen when Thomas stopped her. He said, “Ms. Smith-“ 
The man’s smile made him look very cheap. 
Nora raised her brows. 
Elsewhere, Helen had reached the stairwell on the third floor. She was about to turn the corner when she heard a voice come from behind her: “Helen.” 
Surprised, she looked back to see that Cecelia had followed after her at some point and was standing on the step below her. 
After Cecelia came up, she held her hand and said, “I have something to tell you.”
###Chapter 641
Chapter 641 The Unsuccessful Scheme Backfires 
Helen stared at her and snapped angrily, “Are you here to tell me that the child is not Thomas’?” 
Cecelia’s expression changed drastically at once! 
She said, “What nonsense are you talking about?!” 
Helen sneered, “The bellies of women only one month pregnant won’t show at all! They only show up when they are at least three months pregnant! But Thomas was not in the country at all three months ago. Heh, did Thomas take you abroad with him?” Cecelia clenched her fists and narrowed her eyes. “What nonsense are you talking about? My baby is only one month old. My belly is only showing because I have been eating too much recently, so I have gained weight! I know you can’t have children, so you’re venting your anger on me, but even so, surely you can’t slander me like that, right?” 
Helen took a deep breath. “Then we’ll just wait for the Livingstones to do the DNA test when you’re four months pregnant!” 
She turned to leave. 
However, Cecelia grabbed her arm and held it tightly. She sneered, “You are just jealous of me, right? That’s why you’re saying things like waiting for me to become four months pregnant and whatnot. Mark my words, I won’t give you the opportunity to do that!” 
After speaking, she suddenly let go and fell backward! 
No one noticed what was happening to them. At that moment, Nora, who had been stopped by Thomas, yawned sleepily and asked, “You need something?”
Thomas smiled. “You sure are stubborn, Ms. Smith! Given how things are, you still told my grandaunt that I’m sick?”. 
Nora looked at him and replied seriously, “You really are sick.” 
“You’re the one that’s goddamn sick!” Thomas suddenly lowered his voice and swore. He said, “Nora, don’t think that you’re my sister-in-law just because they say so! You’d best keep this in mind: Even if you’ve married Justin, I’m not to be trifled with, much less when you haven’t even married him yet! 
“Also, I’d advise you to show my grandaunt respect. Otherwise, don’t blame me if I don’t hold back! I have a hundred ways to make your life a living hell!” 
Nora: “?” 
She asked curiously, “Which hundred ways are those?” 
She only had the same few methods she used for interrogation, so she was really rather curious. If they proved useful, she could even tell Morris about them and impart them to the special department. 
Thomas sneered, “Didn’t you just have a taste of the suffering that public opinion can bring? Everyone now knows that your alternative medicine skills are half-baked. Half of the power and authority that you established in the field of medicine has been destroyed by me! Ha!” 
IIII 
Nora sighed disappointedly. She wanted to tell him that it didn’t affect her in the least and that she didn’t feel anything at all. But before she could speak, a scream suddenly rang out from the side!! 
Then, together with the scream, a thud rang out, like that of someone rolling down the stairs and then hitting the floor heavily! 
Nora’s pupils shrank. She turned around abruptly and walked towards the stairs. 
Thomas was also taken aback. “Why does that voice sound so much like Cecelia’s?” 
Cecelia… It seemed like she had left with Helen just now. 
One must know that Cecelia was currently pregnant with his child! 
When Thomas thought of this, he hurriedly walked over. When he saw a group of people surrounding the front, he immediately took a step forward and broke into a furious rant without even a moment’s thought. “Helen, what did you do to Cecelia?! You vicious jealous woman!” 
But as soon as he walked over and saw the person lying on the ground, he was utterly stunned. 
~ A minute ago — 
Cecelia grabbed Helen’s arm. With a mocking smile on her lips, she said, “… I will never give you the opportunity to do that.” 
She mustn’t keep the child. 
If she did, it would just be evidence of her cheating. However, she mustn’t let the baby just disappear either. If she had a miscarriage right after she was asked to do a DNA test, it would arouse too much suspicion. 
Besides, if she lost the baby, it would become even more unlikely for Thomas to marry her!
This was the only solution she had. If she lost the baby because Helen had pushed her off the stairs, it would give the Livingstones an excuse to attack Helen! 
And when Cecelia became the victim, the Livingstones would have to take responsibility for her. Even if it was just for the sake of dealing with public opinion, in order not to bring shame to the family, they would still let her marry into the family to appease her! 
The corners of her lips curled up into a smile as she cooked up a beautiful daydream. In fact, she was already imagining the day when she would become Mrs. Livingstone. Therefore, she let go of Helen and let herself fall down the stairs. 
But the next moment, someone grabbed her arm tightly. 
Helen grabbed her forcefully, pulled her up, and then pushed her further up the stairs. 
Helen fell down the stairs while Cecelia was pushed up the stairs onto the third floor. 
When Cecelia looked back again, she saw the look in the eyes of Helen, who had always been elegant and gentle, in mid-air as she fell. 
Her lips moved and she said, “I will definitely give you that opportunity.” 
###Chapter 642
Chapter 642 The Badass Nora Smith 
Cecelia: “!!” 
She was so shocked that she couldn’t even move. 
It was only when the others rushed over that she finally came back to her senses. 
With this, she couldn’t give herself a miscarriage anymore! It would be too obvious if she fell again. Also, it wouldn’t be Helen who pushed her down anymore! 
For a while, Cecelia could neither advance nor retreat. 
At the top of the stairs. 
Nora was giving first aid to Helen. 
She had slowly started to bleed after she fell down the stairs, and she was extremely weak at the moment. Nora gave her a checkup and found that she had suffered bone fractures and a slight concussion, but was not in danger of dying. Only then did she breathe a sigh of relief. 
She was about to speak when Jessica rushed over and shouted, “Helen, what happened?!” 
Helen was in a lot of pain. Both her arms and her legs hurt, but she still stared hard at Cecelia and said, “Cecelia was planning to falsely accuse me of pushing her down the stairs. I accidentally fell trying to save her.” Everyone there was a member of the rich and powerful circle. All of them were very familiar with little tricks like that. 
Jessica understood everything with just those few words of hers.
Her eyes turned red from anger. She pointed at Helen and shouted, “How can you be so muddleheaded! Even if she succeeds in slandering you, we still have evidence against her!” 
Jessica had already found Cecelia’s adulterous lover-in other words, the father of the babya long time ago. 
She was planning to hand him over to Thomas together with the evidence today. 
But Helen instead smiled at her wryly and said, “Jessica, you don’t understand what the Livingstones are like. Without the baby, there won’t be any direct evidence. For the sake of not shaming themselves, they would rather refuse to admit or believe it.” 
If the child was gone, Cecelia and her lover would be able to insist that nothing had happened. 
After all, even if Cecelia did have sexual relations with her lover three months ago, her private life had always been chaotic anyway. The Livingstones would never believe a word of what they said. Therefore, nothing must happen to the child! Because it was the most crucial evidence! 
Helen was in so much pain that her face was as white as a sheet. While the ambulance hadn’t yet arrived, she lay where she was and said to Jessica, “I thought it through in that moment just now. Women have to stand up for themselves, otherwise, they will forever be looked down upon. 
“Jessica, I have become strong.” 
“See? I’m actually in so much pain right now, but I didn’t even cry.” Seeing her younger sister like that, Jessica’s eyes reddened. 
She nodded. “Go to the hospital first. I’ll handle the rest.” 
“I’m not going… Jessica, I want to stay here and watch them make a joke out of themselves!” Helen grabbed Nora’s hand and refused to let go, for fear that if she did, she would be taken away by the ambulance. 
Jessica kept quiet for a while. 
Nora said, “She’s fine for the time being.” 
Only then did Jessica agree. 
Everyone around them had heard their conversation. Even Thomas frowned and looked at Cecelia. 
When he looked at Cecelia, who was upstairs, the woman finally regained her senses. She hurriedly came down and shouted, “Helen, I know you loathe and hate me. I have also been apologizing to you the entire time just now. I told you, even if I become Mrs. Livingstone, you still have a place in Thomas’ heart. The separation is not your fault, it was just because you can’t have children. But how can you jump down the stairs yourself and falsely accuse me like that?! You even said that I won’t have the chance to become Mrs. Livingstone when you jumped down, sob… 
“It’s fine even if you don’t want me to become Mrs. Livingstone, but you can’t use such a suicidal method to make false accusations towards me! Thomas, you have to stand up for me!” 
Thomas immediately glared at Helen furiously. “Why are you starting to resort to such tricks like crying, kicking up a huge fuss, and threatening suicide? Are you trying to save our marriage with those tricks? I’ll tell you thisno way!” 
When Helen saw how Thomas had chosen to believe Cecelia without any hesitation, she knew at once that she had done the right thing just now. 
If the child was gone, Thomas would definitely refuse to believe the truth.
She clenched her fists. Suddenly, she looked at Cecelia and said, “In that case, do you dare to go to the hospital for a test?” 
Cecelia nodded. “Of course! Why wouldn’t I? But for the baby, I want to wait until it’s four months old before I do it. It’s only a little over one month old right now, so there is no way to do the test! For the sake of my baby’s health, we have to wait! Thomas and I have already talked about it. Besides, I have a clear conscience, so I’m not afraid! I am not scared of any test! It’s just that it’s not the right time yet. Don’t worry, two months later, I will have it done even without you needing to mention it!” 
She was stalling for time. 
A lot of things could happen in two and a half months! At the worst, she would just find an opportunity to have a miscarriage at the very last moment. In any case, she mustn’t cement those claims at the moment. 
Just as Cecelia thought so triumphantly to herself, Nora suddenly stood up impatiently. She gave a wave, upon which the two bodyguards that Justin had given her rushed over. 
Nora pointed to Cecelia and ordered, “Take her to the hospital for the test. I will take responsibility for all the consequences.”
###Chapter 643
Chapter 643 Results! 
The two bodyguards walked up to Cecelia obediently. 
Terrified, Cecelia screamed and grabbed Thomas’ hand. She said, “Thomas, the baby is still too young. It will die if the test is done on it! I’ve already asked about it, it can only be done when the baby four- months-old!” 
Thomas was also outraged. He looked straight at Nora. “What are you doing? Do you have no regard for human lives whatsoever?!” Nora cast her eyes down. “Four months old? If you count the time, it’s already about there anyway.” 
When Cecelia told Thomas about her pregnancy, she had already been more than three months pregnant. Now that a few more days had gone by, the time was almost right. 
Besides, she would be asking Lily to do the amniocentesis test, in addition to the DNA test. She had relatively good technique, so it would not harm the baby. 
Although the child was not Thomas’, when it came to children, Nora had never thought of going as far as to take its life. 
… even if Cecelia, the child’s mother, didn’t want the child anymore. 
Cecelia’s pupils shrank, but she still firmly refused to admit it. “What do you mean by that? You must be Helen’s friend, right? Are you actually doing something like this just for Helen? Do you have any idea who the Livingstones are or not?! Don’t you know that the Livingstones and the Hunts share very close ties?!” 
As soon as she said that, Thomas said, “This is Nora.”
Nora Smith? 
Cecelia’s eyes flickered a couple of times and she understood at once. Her expression changed drastically in fright. 
But she absolutely must not go with them. Once she did, everything would be over! 
Therefore, despite spacing out for a moment, Cecelia quickly calmed down and continued acting. She said, “I get it now. It’s because you misdiagnosed Thomas, so you want to vent your anger on us now, right? Thomas! Do you really not want the baby anymore?! Don’t forget that the doctor has already said that it’s certain that our baby is a boy!” 
There were many ways of determining whether a child was male or female when they became six- weeks-old. 
One of them was by looking at the ultrasound scan when the baby was six-weeks-old. If the fetus was rectangular, it was a boy. If it was squarish, then it was a girl. 
There was also numerical data to support the theory. 
Therefore, Cecelia was very sure that the baby in her belly was a boy. 
Her shout made Thomas even more anxious. 
When he was twenty years old, he had accidentally impregnated a woman. Later, as the woman’s social status was too low, Mrs. Livingstone had forced her to have an abortion. 
After that, for some strange reason, even though Thomas had fooled around with a lot of women, he had never managed to get anyone pregnant ever again.
At first, he’d thought that it was because he was lucky and had done a good job at taking preventive measures. 
But even after marrying Helen, he still didn’t have children despite so much time passing. To be honest, he was also very anxious about it. Now that Cecelia had become pregnant after so much difficulty and the baby was even a boy… 
Thomas went up to the two bodyguards and got physical at once. He said, “Don’t touch her! I’m telling you, don’t touch her! I will fight whoever touches my baby!” 
Unfortunately, the two bodyguards didn’t listen to him at all. One of them grabbed him while the other grabbed Cecelia’s arm. 
The people Justin gave to Nora would naturally be rather skilled. 
There was no need for Nora to take any action at all. They subdued Cecelia straightaway and led her-or rather, forced her-out. 
Nora didn’t look back. Instead, she got the paramedics to take Helen with them straightaway. The group walked out the door with great momentum and went to the hospital. 
Behind them, Thomas was shouting, “Nora Smith! Helen Stewart! This is no different than kidnapping! I will never let you people off!” He struggled and tried to break free of the bodyguard’s hold. It was just a shame that he simply couldn’t break free, no matter what he did. 
He looked at the bodyguard and yelled furiously, “Justin Hunt is my cousin! You’ve got a lot of balls to have the audacity to do this to me!” 
However, the bodyguard still kept his eyes lowered and said nothing. It was only when Nora and the others got into the ambulance and headed towards the hospital that he finally let go of him. 
After Thomas regained his freedom, he took out his cell phone and called Mrs. Livingstone. Then, he rushed out. 
By the time he drove over to the hospital, Mrs. Livingstone had also arrived. The two went upstairs together and found the place where they had forcibly brought Cecelia to. 
Cecelia had already been forcibly pushed into the operating room for an amniocentesis test. 
As for Nora, she had dressed Helen’s fracture and arranged for her to be sent to the VIP ward. 
Thomas rushed in at this point and yelled at the two of them, “Helen, that’s enough! Just because you can’t have any children, do you also want to kill off my family line? If anything happens to my son, I will kill you!” 
Helen was already as calm as still waters by now. 
All her sadness at the divorce had already disappeared. 
Perhaps it was when Thomas cheated on her, or perhaps it was when she slowly discovered Thomas’s true colors; but after a point, she didn’t have any feelings for Thomas anymore. 
She kept her gaze lowered and said nothing. 
Jessica said, “It doesn’t take long for amniocentesis test results to be out. The same goes for DNA tests. You will receive the results very soon.” 
Thomas, however, sneered and said, “You people were the ones who took Cecelia. Who can be sure whose DNA sample it is?!” Jessica said, “You can take Cecelia’s DNA sample and do a test yourself!”
Thomas frowned deeply and said, “Jessica Stewart, Nora Smith, do the two of you have any idea what you are doing? Just who is it that gave you the guts to do that to my woman?!” Almost as soon as he said that, a deep voice came from the door: “Me.” 
Thomas froze when he heard the voice. When he looked behind him, he immediately saw the big and tall Justin standing right there. 
Thomas’s flames of fury were extinguished at once. 
Nora raised her eyebrows slightly and walked over. She asked, “Why are you here?” 
Justin cast his eyes down, his voice gradually warming up as he replied, “To inspect the hospital, and also to visit Quentin along the way. When I heard that you are also here, I came over to have a look.” 
Quentin was Nora’s cousin, so of course he would have to take good care of him. 
Enlightened, Nora nodded. 
At this point, Thomas rushed over. “Justin, Justin! You have to help me! Isn’t Nora clearly bullying me here? If she doesn’t like Cecelia and likes Helen more, she could’ve just said so earlier. That way, I wouldn’t have gotten a divorce! But she’s straight-up getting rid of my baby, Justin! I can’t have that!” 
Justin laughed. “Your baby? Can you even have children?” 
Thomas choked. Then, he insisted stubbornly and said, “Why wouldn’t I be able to have children, Justin? The baby in Cecelia’s belly is mine!” 
Justin said coolly, “Oh, then let’s just wait a few hours for now!”
Thomas: “…” 
Since even Justin had told him to wait, of course Thomas wouldn’t dare to go against him. 
However, Mrs. Livingstone, who was standing next to him, suddenly said, “Justin, since you’re standing up for them, then I can take a step back with regard to Ms. Smith and that little bitch Helen bullying the Livingstones! We will not pursue the matter of them making the decision on their own to do an amniocentesis test for us! But if Cecelia’s baby is indeed Thomas’s, or if the amniocentesis test leads to a miscarriage or other consequences, then we must be compensated for the damages!” 
Before Justin could say anything, Jessica had already asked, “What kind of compensation do the Livingstones want?” 
Mrs. Livingstone suddenly smiled. “I have heard a long time ago that your family has a secret technique for having triplets, right? If the child is Cecelia’s, then you must give us the medicine for having triplets for free! As compensation!” 
Medicine for having triplets? 
Upon hearing this, Nora suddenly looked at Jessica. 
For some reason, she suddenly had a strange feeling in her heart. 
At this moment, Lily finally walked out of the operating room.
###Chapter 644
Chapter 644 Heartless Boss~ 
When Lily came out, everyone looked at her. 
Mrs. Livingstone was the first to ask, “Is the child okay?” 
Thomas looked at her angrily as if she had just killed his child… 
However, Lily ignored these two people and walked straight to Nora. 
One had to know that Lily was considered a famous surgeon outside. When had she been treated so slowly by others? Oh, except for her boss. Just like now, she had already walked to Nora, but Nora still did not speak. She could only say, “Boss, I’ve successfully taken the DNA sample, the patient’s child is fine.” Nora’s reply was, “Okay.” She yawned widely. 
Lily: “…” 
Thomas, who was beside him, glared at her. “You said that there’s no problem, but how can I trust you? I’ve already asked how to do amniotic fluid puncture. Forget about one month, even at four months the probability of a miscarriage is very high!” 
Nora looked at him slowly. “It’s highly unlikely that anything would go wrong when Lily is the one performing such a small procedure.” Thomas: “?” 
Lily, who was inexplicably praised, instantly raised her chin in excitement. Her proud expression was very obvious. She rolled her eyes and handed a DNA sample to Thomas. “This is your child’s DNA. You can find a random testing facility now. If you suspect that I changed the sample, you can go to Cecelia’s side now to take her DNA sample for comparison. My results will be out in two hours.” 
Sigh! The DNA testing Lab would have taken at least three hours to produce the results! 
How could she only need two hours? 
She was too good!! Lily helplessly took another DNA sample and went straight to the monitoring room in the hospital. As she walked, she could not help but think: Was it okay to refer to herself now as a professional DNA tester? 
After Lily left, there was silence. 
Thomas looked at Nora and wanted to say something, but because Justin was present, he could only remain silent. 
After staying there for a while, he saw Cecelia being pushed out. 
Thomas pursed his lips and strode toward her. Amidst her cries of surprise, he plucked a few strands of her hair and turned to leave. Cecelia had her hair pulled out, but she could not say a word at this moment. 
She knew that she was finished. 
When Mrs. Livingstone saw Cecelia, she had already rushed up and held her hand to ask, “Cecelia, how are you now? Where’s the child? Is the child still around?” 
She felt that the child would definitely not make it. 
One month pregnant was the easiest time to have a miscarriage. After the amniotic fluid was punctured, the child would definitely be gone… 
Unexpectedly, when he said this, Cecelia actually revealed a hesitant expression. She bit her lip and said after a moment, “It, it’s still…” 
“Still here?” Mrs. Livingstone was also surprised, but she continued, “It’s okay. Some people don’t have a miscarriage immediately…” In Mrs. Livingstone’s opinion, the child in Cecilia’s stomach was Thomas’. Even if it was gone, it didn’t matter. At the very least, after getting the secret to having triplets, their family could also have triplets! 
Who would care about Cecelia? 
Therefore, what she cared about the most now was to get the DNA results and then slap the faces of the Stewarts and Nora! 
Nora did not have the time to stay in the hospital and wait for the results. 
Justin was also a busy person. If he wanted to manage such a big company, he definitely could not waste time. But with these two people together… 
Justin whispered, “Wait for the results?” 
Nora glanced at him and suddenly felt that being with him, wasting two to three hours was nothing 
She nodded, so the two of them sat down on the bench in the hospital corridor and began to chat. “What was Cherry doing when you went out?” 
Justin said, “Oh, don’t worry. I didn’t let her play games.” 
If there was no flicker in his eyes when he said this, it would have been more believable. 
Nora pursed her lips and chided him. “Her eyes are still developing. If she stares at her phone all the time, she will become short-sighted.”
“It’s okay. She’s a girl. If she wants to play, she can play for a while. Besides, we’re not short-sighted, so it’s not genetic. I help her do eye exercises every day and give her fish liver oil.” 
Nora: “…” 
She grimaced. “Don’t you think you’re spoiling her too much?” 
“Is that so?” Justin thought about it seriously. “It’s okay. Cherry isn’t arrogant and willful. She has a sweet mouth and is especially obedient. I didn’t spoil her much either. The child is sensible.” 
Nora felt that she simply could not argue with Justin. 
She sighed silently. At this moment, Lily came out with the DNA test results. 
Lily walked to Nora and yawned too. Then, she handed the results to her. 
Lawrence, who had followed Justin, teased, “Lily, you’ve been with Miss Smith for a long time. Are you also so sleepy? This is the third yawn I’ve seen from you today!” 
Lily said unhappily, “Boss yawns because of sleepiness. I’m yawning because I’m too tired! I haven’t slept for 24 hours.” 
Lawrence: “…I’m sorry.” When Mrs. Livingstone saw Lily, she walked over and asked, “What was the outcome? The child must be Thomas’, right?!”
###Chapter 645
Chapter 645 DNA Testing for the Truth 
Nora glanced at the report and could not be bothered with this woman. She threw the report to her. 
Mrs. Livingstone immediately took it. 
After taking a look, she was stunned and frowned tightly. 
Jessica, who was accompanying Helen, walked over at the right time. When she saw Mrs. Livingstone’s disbelieving expression, she walked to her and said, “This child is almost four months old. Now that the results are out… Mrs. Livingstone, you should believe it, right?” Hearing her words, Mrs. Livingstone suddenly looked up. 
She did not dare to believe this report and said, “Impossible. After I found out that Cecelia was pregnant, I personally took her to the hospital for another checkup! It was indeed a month 
old!” 
How could she not know how long Cecelia was pregnant for? 
She had suspected it before, so she specially took Cecelia to the hospital. Yesterday, before Thomas got a divorce, she had done a fresh checkup. 
As soon as she said this, Jessica asked, “Which hospital did you go to?” Mrs. Livingstone said, “New York Women’s and Children’s Hospital.” 
Jessica lowered her eyes and sneered. “Don’t you know that the director of that hospital is Cecelia’s cousin?” 
Mrs. Livingstone: “” She was stunned. “How could this be?!” Why would she bother to find out who the director of New York Women’s and Children’s Hospital was? Therefore, she had never thought of this
question! However, when she went to the hospital and confirmed that the child was only one month old, the doctor had joked, “Eat less. Those who don’t know might think that your tummy is more than three months old. If you’re too fat, it’ll lead to premature labor~” 
That was why she was certain that the child in Cecelia’s stomach was Thomas’. 
But now, she realized that perhaps this was all planned by Cecelia long ago! Mrs. Livingstone’s expression changed from white to purple and then to as pale as paper. A series of changes made Nora, who was beside her, click her tongue in admiration. 
However, Mrs. Livingstone refused to admit this. “This DNA report is definitely fake! You must be lying to me!” 
She took a step back and stared at Jessica and Nora. “Have you two worked together? Hehe, are you still going to say that there’s nothing wrong with Nora’s medical skills? Let me tell you, it’s impossible. My son can’t have weak semen!” 
If the child in Cecelia’s stomach was really not Thomas’… 
This proved Nora’s previous guess about Thomas being infertile. 
But how could her son be infertile? 
No way! 
This report was definitely fake! 
Jessica sighed. “Miss Smith had already guessed that you might not believe it, so she got your son to find a random lab outside to do it. We can wait for your son’s results.”
With that, she decided not to go back to the ward and sat on the bench in the corridor. She said, “Mrs. Livingstone, asthenospermia can be treated. You don’t have to look like you’re mourning your parents. At least your family wasn’t deceived by Cecelia, right?” 
Mrs. Livingstone sneered. “I don’t believe anything you’re saying now! I want to wait for my son to come back!” 
“… Alright, then.” 
After waiting for more than two hours, Thomas finally returned. 
The moment he appeared in the corridor, Mrs. Livingstone stood up and hurried over. “Son, is the result out? What is it? The child is yours, right? Tell me these people are lying to me! They brought me a fake DNA report!” 
Thomas’s expression was dark and he looked very angry. He did not speak for a moment. 
After a while, he pushed Mrs. Livingstone away and entered Cecelia’s ward. 
When Mrs. Livingstone saw this scene, she was overjoyed. A relaxed expression finally appeared on her face as she sneered at Jessica. “Did you see that? My son went to see Cecelia first after returning. This means that Cecelia’s child is definitely his! Otherwise, why would he care so much about Cecelia?” 
However, as soon as she finished speaking, she heard Thomas’s angry roar coming from the ward. “Tell me, who is the father of this bastard child?!”
###Chapter 646
Chapter 646 Furious 
After the angry roar, Cecelia kept her mouth shut. “This child is yours. What nonsense are you talking about?” 
Smack! A slap landed ruthlessly. Thomas roared, “This child isn’t mine! The evidence is conclusive now, but you’re still lying here?! Tell me, whose child is this?!” 
“It’s yours…” 
Cecelia refused to speak. 
“F*ck, I’ll beat you to death!” 
Thomas could not stand it anymore. Even in front of so many people, he began to curse. 
The ward was instantly in chaos. Then, medical staff rushed in and said that Cecelia was pregnant, urging Thomas not to do anything. 
Outside the ward. 
Mrs. Livingstone stood there in a daze. 
What did Thomas say in the ward? 
Was that child a bastard? 
Bastard… 
Did this mean that the child was not Thomas’? Then what Jessica and Nora said was right?! 
Mrs. Livingstone suddenly looked at Nora and Jessica…
Her son really had asthenospermia. 
He might not have a child of his own in this lifetime! 
Mrs. Livingstone stood on the spot in shock. The determination she had shown in front of them earlier was just as helpless and face-smacking now! She felt very embarrassed, especially since they were in the VIP ward. People in the VIP ward at this private hospital were all from wealthy families! 
Justin had come personally. At this moment, everyone around had already stretched their necks to look at them. 
A day ago, when the two of them got a divorce, Mrs. Livingstone had even spread rumors outside to prevent the Livingstones from being criticized. She said that it was fine if Helen could not have a child, but she even teamed up with Nora and planned to turn the tables on her. But now… 
Someone shouted, “Mrs. Livingstone, so Helen didn’t play the blame game. The one who can’t have a child is really your son!” 
In front of Justin, someone also began to suck up to him. 
“Miss Smith’s medical skills are really awesome. It’s alternative medicine. She can tell that he has weak semen just by taking his pulse? As expected of Dr. Zabe’s disciple!” 
“Yes, yes. Mrs. Livingstone, you were still talking nonsense just now. How Miss Smith’s medical skills aren’t good and she’s too young and hasn’t grasped the essence of alternative medicine. Now, you realize that you’ve wronged her, right?” 
II 
Mrs. Livingstone bit her lip in anger.
The Livingstones had always had a good reputation outside. Firstly, Mrs. Hunt knew how to conduct herself and had always taught them not to do embarrassing things, so the Livingstones had developed the habit of hiding embarrassing things. Secondly, Mrs. Livingstone was very scheming. When she heard these words, her eyes instantly turned red. She held Nora’s hand. “Miss Smith, you’re really a godly doctor. We’ve wronged you! It’s all my fault. Look, can you help Thomas treat his illness?” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and suddenly smiled. “Mrs. Livingstone, I’m sorry. I’ll be staying at home to educate my children and take care of my husband in the future. I won’t embarrass myself outside.” 
Mrs. Livingstone: “” 
She was stunned for a moment before realizing these were the words that she herself had said in a moment of anger back at the Hunts. 
Now, Nora was using these words to shut her mouth! 
Mrs. Livingstone bit her lip in anger, but in front of so many people, she continued to apologize. “Miss Smith, I know you’re angry. For the sake of Mrs. Hunt, don’t fuss about it with me! I’m an elder, so I’ll inevitably be a little biased when I do things. I apologize to you, okay?” 
Nora: “I only decided to concentrate on recuperating from now on because of you. I won’t show my face outside anymore. Isn’t this what you told me two days ago?” 
Mrs. Livingstone: “” 
The surrounding people were speechless.
Who had not been sick before? No one could guarantee that they would not have to beg Nora in the future! Therefore, everyone criticized Mrs. Livingstone. “Mrs. Livingstone, you’re being too much. What era is it now? How can a woman not have her own career?” 
“That’s right. Do you think we’re living in ancient times? Should a woman just raise her children and stay at home…” 
“Mrs. Livingstone, you’re really old and outdated! Which young person these days isn’t busy with their career? Besides, anyone can be a wife in a wealthy family. If Miss Smith doesn’t use her medical skills, won’t she be wasting her talent?” 
Mrs. Livingstone had always been someone who could occupy the highest position in public with just a few words. However, she did not expect that this time, she would be defeated by Nora’s two sentences. 
She was furious. Hearing the words around her, she suddenly lowered her voice and said in a voice only Nora and she could hear, “Nora, don’t be shameless! So what if your medical skills are good? Others can also treat his illness. My son will give birth to his own child sooner or later, but what about you?! You still have to face Justin’s illegitimate son!!” These words made Nora’s pupils shrink. 
Then, she heard Mrs. Livingstone continue, “I heard that the illegitimate son has a very strange temper. He’s almost a little demon king. He grew up outside, has a very wild personality, and doesn’t have any manners. He stirred up trouble at home and wouldn’t let anyone have a moment of peace! I think you should indeed put down your career and stay at home. You should teach your eldest illegitimate son well! Heh!”
###Chapter 647
Chapter 647 Triplets! 
He was wild… rude… and had a strange temper… Little Demon… 
These words entered Nora’s ears, making her very uncomfortable. She did not understand why, but when she heard others say that about Xander, she felt that although she was right, these bad words were too much for a child. Her eyes turned cold suddenly and she sneered. “Do you think it’s really that easy to treat his weak semen?” 
Mrs. Livingstone was stunned and asked, “What do you mean?” 
Nora had already lowered her eyes and did not want to speak anymore. 
Thomas had been overly indulgent and had serious kidney deficiency. His weak semen had already reached the level of sterilization. 
This illness was really difficult to treat. 
However! 
If he wanted a child, she had an alternative medicine pill. 
She had originally wanted to say this, but after Mrs. Livingstone had scolded Xander, she suddenly decided not to mention it. Yes, she could not be bothered to mention it previously 
She smirked and did not say anything else. 
Mrs. Livingstone still wanted to ask more, but Jessica walked forward and stopped her. She lowered her voice and said, “Mrs. Livingstone, I have clues about the adulterer. I can provide them to you for free.”
Mrs. Livingstone narrowed her eyes and looked at her warily. “Are you that kind?” 
Jessica sighed. “I just want you to take back what you said about my sister not being able to have children! If this gets out, my sister’s future won’t be easy.” When Mrs. Livingstone heard this, she suddenly thought of something. She instantly smiled and grabbed Jessica’s hand. “Jessica, look. This is a misunderstanding! We can’t get a divorce. Thomas is just a child. He also realizes his mistake this time. The two children are really ignorant. Why are they getting a divorce so hastily? Sigh, I think we’ll get them to remarry tomorrow!” 
Jessica: “?” 
She frowned. “Mrs. Livingstone, they’re already divorced. Besides, my sister can’t possibly live with your son anymore!” 
Mrs. Livingstone waved her hand. “Why not? They’re husband and wife. A day as husband and wife means a hundred days of grace. When they got a divorce, I saw that Helen was also very sad. Now that I know that this is all a misunderstanding, I think we should let them get back together. Don’t worry, I’ll look after Thomas in the future. I won’t let him make any mistakes again!” 
Nora, who was beside him, could not help but interrupt. “He doesn’t have the ability to make mistakes anymore.” 
He had been indulging himself too much. He probably can’t even get a morning erection anymore. 
He still wanted to make a mistake? 
Tsk. 
When Mrs. Livingstone heard this, she blushed.
Jessica was even more furious. She lowered her voice and said, “Mrs. Livingstone, I asked you to say this because our family doesn’t want to fall out with you. I think you shouldn’t go overboard!” 
With that, she leaned closer to Mrs. Livingstone and lowered her voice. wuxiaz.com “Mr. Hunt is right here. I’m sure you saw his attitude. I don’t think you want to make things difficult for Mr. Hunt and Mrs. Hunt, right?” 
The sole reason the Livingstones were respected in New York was Mrs. Hunt. 
Mrs. Livingstone also relied on this confidence, but Justin was the head of the Hunts! 
When Mrs. Livingstone heard this, she knew that this matter could not be blown out of proportion. She lowered her voice and said, “Alright, in that case, let’s make a deal! I’ll help Helen clarify that it’s not her fault. This is all a misunderstanding. Tell me the way to have triplets!” 
She still wanted triplets. 
After all, it was really enviable for a wealthy family to have triplets! 
Twins were very common nowadays, but triplets were very rare! 
Jessica frowned and sighed. “I really don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Mrs. Livingstone sneered. “Stop pretending. I’ve already done my research. In the past five years, there have suddenly been many triplets in New York. And all of those families are more or less related to yours!”
###Chapter 648
Chapter 648 The Way to Have Triplets 
When Jessica heard this, her expression instantly changed. 
However, she suppressed her laughter and regained her calmness in an instant. “Mrs. Livingstone, your words are a little frivolous. Before us, other families have had quadruplets, quintuplets, and sextuplets. They have all been on the news. Why are you only focusing on our triplets?” 
When she said this, her voice was very low. 
She clearly did not want it to be made public. 
Mrs. Livingstone began to count. “There are not many twins in wealthy families, let alone triplets. But in the past few years, there have been a total of seven pairs of triplets in wealthy families. The first is yours, the next is your second sister’s, and then yours again. Your second sister even gave birth to quadruplets. 
Your family has a lot of children. Your mother gave birth to them. You and your second sister are also twins. We don’t have any doubts, we only exclaim how awesome your genes are. 
However, following that, the Lloyds also gave birth to twins. The strange thing was that be it the man or the woman, there was no precedent of them having multiple births. When I asked around, I learned that the mother of the girl from the Lloyds was your mother’s half-sister! It was only because the two of them did not live together since they were young that the outside world did not know about their relationship.” 
At this point, Mrs. Livingstone smiled and continued, “And…” She explained the origins of the seven triplets clearly. In the end, she said, “Therefore, your family must have a way to have triplets. Tell me, I will never slander Helen outside in the future! Also, once she gets her dowry back, I can also share a portion of her shared assets with Thomas.” 
When Helen got a divorce, she had only brought back her own dowry.
But actually, her dowry and the Livingstones’ assets had earned a lot of money over the years. 
Logically speaking, Helen should get a bonus. 
Unfortunately, the Livingstones did not give it to her. 
Helen was anxious to get a divorce and wanted to cut everything off and start a new life. She did not force it. 
Hearing Mrs. Livingstone’s words, Jessica bit her lips and said after a while, “Mrs. Livingstone, I don’t know or understand anything you’re saying. Triplets and twins are the same. It depends on genes. This also depends on fate!” It was impossible for Jessica to reveal this secret. 
She had thought it through very clearly. Being able to have triplets was her younger sister’s trump card to find a man again! As long as this trump card was around, she did not have to worry that no one would want to marry her. 
Seeing that she refused to speak and that other than the two of them, the other three pairs of triplets were not conspicuous, Mrs. Livingstone could not force her. 
She could only say angrily, “Alright, since you don’t know what’s good for you, don’t blame 
us!” 
With that, she left without explaining anything to Helen under the scrutiny of the crowd. 
Jessica looked at her back and took a deep breath. She felt that she had taken extra care of the Livingstones when it came to handling matters, but the Livingstones’ current state was really
disappointing. 
As she was thinking, she heard Nora say, “There’s nothing wrong with Helen’s injuries. It’s just a normal fracture. She’ll be fine after resting for a while. I have some special ointment here that can heal her wounds faster. And, don’t worry. this injury will not affect her future life.” 
Nora’s words were vague, but everyone present understood. 
Helen was fine! 
She could conceive! 
When Thomas was proven to have weak semen, Helen’s reputation would have become better. However, if no one clarified, it was indeed difficult to say. 
Who knew if there was a problem with both of them? 
Now that Nora had said this, it was equivalent to guaranteeing that Helen did not have a problem! 
Therefore, the gazes around her instantly became more enthusiastic. 
Triplets! 
Jessica’s heart warmed up. She walked to Nora and suddenly made up her mind. She grabbed her hand. “Miss Smith, are you interested in having triplets with Mr. Hunt in the future? I have a way…” Nora: “?” 
She had already given birth to a pair of twins, and Xander was most likely her child. What else could she want?
Three were enough! 
However, as she thought this, she narrowed her eyes and suddenly said, “I wonder what your method is?” 
Jessica looked around and finally leaned close to Nora’s ear mysteriously. “I have a medicine. I’ll give it to you for free.” 
Medicine… 
Nora was stunned and looked at her suddenly. 
Her heart skipped a beat. She suddenly asked, “Where did you get this medicine?” 
Could she have given birth to triplets because of this medicine back then?!
###Chapter 649
Chapter 649 That Lunatic 
Hearing this, Jessica was stunned and did not answer for a moment. 
After a moment, she sighed. “Actually, it was six years ago. I had once saved a lunatic. He was wearing ragged clothes and fainted from hunger on the way. Then, I gave him some food and some money. In order to repay me, that person gave me a formula.” 
Jessica sighed. “At first, I did not believe in that formula. I brought it home for my mother who knew a little about alternative medicine. After taking a look, she said that it was a divine medicine. Therefore, she got me to make a few pills. When we wanted children after marriage, we ate one pill and really gave birth to triplets.” 
At this point, Jessica continued, “Later on, I gave it to my second sister. She also gave birth to triplets. However, my second sister was more greedy. She ate two during her second pregnancy, so she gave birth to quadruplets…” 
Nora: “?” 
This could still be controlled? 
She hesitated for a moment. “What did that lunatic look like?” 
At the mention of a crazy person, she thought of a possibility. It was Old Maddy who was still in the hospital and being taken care of by Lily. 
Ever since Old Maddy’s food poisoning incident, he had been in the hospital. Later on, Nora taught Lily the method of acupuncture and asked her to continue treating Old Maddy. 
Speaking of which…
Not only did Lily have to perform acupuncture on Old Maddy regularly, but she also had to drug Quentin regularly. She also had to constantly do DNA tests and restore the DNA sequencing to its original state before using it to compare samples… 
She was really busy. 
Yes, remember to give Lily a raise! 
While Nora was thinking about this, Jessica said, “He looked like a normal person. He looked quite dirty, but I didn’t take a photo.” 
Nora took out her phone and found Old Maddy’s photo to show her. “Is this the person?” 
Jessica looked at the disfigured person and immediately shook her head. “No. The lunatic I saved spoke incoherently, but he wasn’t disfigured. I still remember that there was a huge mole on his left cheek, and there was a strand of hair on the mole.” 
Old Maddy had been disfigured more than twenty years ago. 
However, Jessica had saved the person six years ago. 
Six years ago… was also the time when Nora was about to get pregnant! 
Nora suddenly asked, “Where did you save him?” 
Jessica said, “I was traveling in the country. It was in a small town, but as for where it was, I have to think about it… It seemed to be near California!” 
California…
Nora continued to ask, “What about the time? When was the exact time six years ago?” 
Jessica recalled carefully. “Six years ago… it should have been winter. Because I remember the madman’s hair was frozen at the time. The clothes he wore were tattered. I even gave him my husband’s down jacket. Yes, it was winter. My husband and I had gone out for our honeymoon!” 
Winter! 
When Nora was pregnant, it was in the winter six years ago! 
This made her even more suspicious of what had happened. 
Jessica saw that she was asking so many questions and thought of how Nora had also come from California. When she saved him back then, that person also seemed on his way to California… 
She suddenly asked, “Is this related to you?” 
Nora nodded. “If I’m not wrong, it should be related to me.” 
Justin suddenly said, “Jessica, do you still have anything left of him?” 
As the head of the Hunts, it was difficult for the Stewarts to talk to Justin on normal days. Only someone at the level of her father-in-law could sit beside Justin and talk with him. 
Therefore, when he spoke, Jessica instantly became even more proactive. 
She thought about it carefully and suddenly said, “Oh, the formula that person gave me back then is still here! It was written by hand!” 
Formula… 
Nora and Justin looked at each other and said in unison, “Can we take a look?”
“Of course.” 
Jessica said, “But it’s at the Stewarts’. Should I go back and get it?” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
Nora decided to follow beside her. “I’ll come with you to get it.” 
Jessica nodded without hesitation. In her impression, Nora could not have come to steal the formula for the triplets. After all, Nora was Dr. Zabe’s disciple! 
Jessica trusted her medical skills very much. 
After settling Helen down, Justin let her stay in the VIP ward and even sent someone to protect her to prevent Thomas from harassing her. After settling all of this, Jessica drove in front and Justin followed behind her with Nora. The two cars left the hospital and went straight to the Stewarts. 
On the way. 
Justin drove while Nora stared ahead and suddenly asked, “How are Cherry and Xander getting along?”
###Chapter 650
Chapter 650 It’s Her!! 
Justin smiled. “… They haven’t met yet.” 
Nora: “?” 
She turned her head hesitantly and heard Justin say, “Ever since Cherry came back, Xander has been hiding upstairs. He got the butler to deliver to his room. He has been acting suspiciously every day for god knows what… I didn’t bother with him too much.” 
Before confirming Xander’s identity, Justin’s feelings for this child were still complicated. 
On the one hand, he was disgusted by the sudden appearance of a child. 
On the other hand, this child might be his and Nora’s. Even if it was not Nora’s, it should probably be his. Therefore, he could not hate the child. 
There were even times when he looked into the child’s pure eyes and felt that Xander could still be saved. Perhaps this child was not as bad as Trueman in his bones. 
After all, he was only five years old! 
In such a complicated situation, if he did not want to interact with Cherry, Justin would not force him. 
Nora was silent for a moment. “Are you sure they haven’t met yet?” 
Justin was about to answer yes when he suddenly paused and pursed his lips. “At least they hadn’t met before I went out.” 
Nora rubbed her forehead. “Yes, I guess they will meet now.”
She knew Cherry too well! 
The little fellow was definitely not the obedient type. She would definitely be very curious if there was a child living upstairs! 
Justin: !! 
He immediately became nervous. “That child, Xander, has a bad temper and a foul mouth. Would he bully Cherry? No, I have to call and get the butler to take a look.” 
Before he could pick up his phone, Nora pressed his hand down and sighed silently. “Forget it. It’s not certain who will bully whom!” 
Justin: “…” 
His daughter was so soft and obedient, how could she bully others? 
Nora rolled her eyes. 
It seemed like Justin still did not understand the little demon’s nature. If she were that obedient, why would Nora be so strict with her?! 
However, when the little demoness faced the little devil, she wondered who was stronger between Cherry and Xander? 
Suddenly, she was a little curious! 
Nora smirked. Just as she was thinking about it, she saw Justin say, “No, I still have to make a call. Cherry is a girl. She can’t be wronged!”
Nora: “…” 
Originally, it was not certain who would win between Cherry and Xander, but if there was a father to pull the strings, then Cherry would definitely be able to suppress Xander, right? 
Justin went to make a call, but Nora ignored him. 
After the call, the group arrived at the Stewarts. 
When they saw them coming over in a grandiose manner, especially when Justin drove into the Stewarts’ house, the Stewarts instantly became nervous and trembled top to bottom. 
Mrs. Stewart was very nervous when she saw this. The soft-hearted woman held Jessica’s hand and asked carefully, “Why is Mr. Hunt here?” 
Jessica looked at Nora helplessly. “They have something to discuss. Mom, where’s that prescription from back then? Take it out and let Miss Smith and Mr. Hunt take a look!” 
Mrs. Stewart nodded and went upstairs. Soon, she came down with a formula in her trembling hands. 
She handed the formula to Nora respectfully. When she handed it to her, she was still saying, “Miss Smith, thank you so much for helping Helen! Without your help, Helen definitely wouldn’t have been able to get rid of this marriage. If you want this formula, then take it! However, you shouldn’t take too much of this medicine. Damn it, look at me. You’re an alternative medicine doctor yourself. What else can I say? Look at the prescription yourself and you should understand! It’s best if you only take one pill every time. Your family already has twin genes. One pill can help you give birth to triplets! Don’t take too many. Having too many children is very bad for the mother…” 
Nora took the formula. After opening it and seeing the words, she was stunned! 
It was her!!
###Chapter 651
Chapter 651 Yvette’s Words! 
The note should have been written a long time ago. The edges had been worn down to the point of being dilapidated. It had been protected very well by the Stewarts. 
The piece of paper was probably very old. It was slightly yellowish as if it would disintegrate with a light tug. 
Nora was silent for a moment before suddenly asking, “Can I have this piece of paper?” 
Jessica sensed Nora’s expression and knew that the matter seemed to be a little serious. She said, “Sure. Actually, we have already recorded the formula on this piece of paper. We kept this piece of paper to commemorate it.” 
This piece of paper was meaningless to the Stewarts. 
Nora nodded. She carefully folded the piece of paper following the creases and placed it in her pocket. 
When she looked up again, she looked at Jessica and thanked her. 
Jessica said, “I should be the one thanking you. However, please keep this between us.” 
If everyone came looking for their secret medicine, it would be troublesome. 
Nora understood, so she nodded. 
She did not stay long with Justin. Before leaving, Justin suddenly stopped in his tracks and looked at Jessica. “If there’s anything in the future, you can directly come to me.” This was a promise Justin made to her.
After all, although Nora had helped the Stewarts, It was hard for Jessica to take out the formula to repay her. Now that Jessica was being so cooperative, the Hunts could not ignore them. Furthermore, if Jessica did not give the formula to Mrs. Livingstone, she would probably become enemies with them. Justin’s words were also a promise to the Stewarts for their protection. 
The Hunts would not stand on the Livingstones’ side! 
Jessica heaved a sigh of relief. 
The reason she was so cooperative was that she hoped that the Hunts and Smith would not interfere in this matter. The Stewarts and her husband’s family were not afraid of the Livingstones. What they had always been afraid of were the Hunts! 
— 
After leaving, Nora remained silent. 
After getting into the car, Justin did not ask her why her expression was serious and only asked, “Where are we going?” 
Nora was silent for a moment before replying, “The Andersons.” 
Justin paused for a moment and drove straight to the Andersons. 
When they arrived at the Andersons, Melissa was a little surprised. “Nora, why are you back so soon? Did something happen?” 
Nora’s expression was better now. 
Or rather, she had always been expressionless. Therefore, at this moment, she was expressionless. The people from the Andersons did not notice either. Nora said, “I came to see Grandma.”
Although Mrs. Anderson’s eyes had recovered, she was still old. All kinds of things had happened to her body, and it had worsened with age. Therefore, Nora would visit her every once in a while. 
She felt that her words were flawless. 
However, Melissa glanced at Justin, who was following behind her, and lowered her eyes. “Okay, go!” 
Nora went upstairs and Justin sat on the sofa downstairs. 
This was the Andersons’ house, after all. He could not go upstairs at will. There were many women at the Andersons. It was not like the Smiths where he had his own room. 
He had just sat on the sofa when Melissa suddenly sat opposite him and said, “Justin, there are a few things I’m not sure if I should say.” 
Justin immediately sat up straight. 
Justin had always admired the Andersons. 
Yvette was a admirable figure in the past, and the Andersons had not lost their pride all these years. Although they could not compare to the Hunts in terms of business, they had always been in the lead in the pharmaceutical industry. 
Melissa was a scholar and also a well-known painter. He would often visit the Andersons when she was in California. 
Hearing Melissa’s sudden serious tone, he said humbly, “Please speak.” 
Melissa lowered her eyes. “You should know Nora’s temper and character as well. She’s not one of those gentle women who stay at home. She has a huge drive and can go even further than her mother
back then. You know this, right?” 
Justin nodded. “I know. I never wanted her to feel trapped.” 
Others tied their wives down, but it was impossible for him to do so. 
Even if she became Madam Hunt, Nora would not be his accessory! 
But why would Melissa suddenly say such things? 
As he was thinking, Melissa said, “Yes, I heard you have an illegitimate child?” 
Justin: “…” 
He understood! 
Although Nora had acted very normal earlier, Melissa had still caught her mood immediately. She had pretended not to see it. Now, she was knocking him down! 
Although not many people knew that he had an illegitimate child, there were still quite a few. Melissa had probably heard some rumors! 
He hurriedly said, “I haven’t confirmed it.” 
Melissa looked at him. “Huh?” 
Justin suddenly felt like he was facing his mother-in-law. He hurriedly explained, “We haven’t confirmed if that child is mine yet, but don’t worry. I’ve already dealt with the person who pretended to be his mother. Also, I don’t think I’ll make things difficult for Nora because of him in the future.” 
Melissa then heaved a sigh of relief. “Nora has a cold personality and is not suitable to take care of children. The Hunts are very busy. It’s not like we can’t afford to raise a child. Us Andersons and Smiths
are not petty either…” 
Melissa had long guessed that if Justin had an illegitimate child, he was probably schemed against. 
To be honest, this was not Justin’s fault. 
After all, the children between Justin and Nora seemed to have been schemed against. 
Melissa could tolerate him raising a child outside. After all, it was too unreasonable to stop a father from raising a five-year-old child. However, this child could not appear in front of Nora and disturb her! 
Hearing Justin’s guarantee, Melissa frowned. 
Was Nora a little frustrated? Was she frustrated about this? 
Upstairs. 
Nora checked Mrs. Anderson’s pulse and confirmed that she was fine. Then, she went out and entered the room she had stayed in after returning to New York. 
That room belonged to Yvette. 
After entering, she went straight to the study and took out the medical book Yvette used to read. There were many notes on it, all written by Yvette. 
She took out the piece of paper she had brought with her and unfolded it. Then, she looked at the words on the paper. 
Yvette’s writing was extremely aggressive. She always liked to draw the last stroke very long. Her handwriting was unique and different from others. When she turned a corner, she liked to draw an extra arc.
After careful comparison, she finally came to a conclusion. 
The words on the paper were indeed written by her mother, Yvette!
###Chapter 652
Chapter 652 How Did She Get Pregnant Back Then? 
The words were from Yvette, but it did not mean that the person who had schemed against her back then was Yvette. However, it meant that the lunatic at least knew Yvette. 
The person who had schemed against her for her pregnancy back then was definitely Trueman. 
Otherwise, Ruth would not have had a photo of her and Justin… 
Furthermore, if her mother’s person had schemed against her to get her pregnant, then it was impossible for Trueman to know the entire truth. 
Nora frowned. Her head was filled with confusion. 
What happened back then was like a mystery. 
What was going on? 
Why was her mother’s formula in the hands of that old man? And did she give birth to twins or triplets back then?! 
At this moment, her questions were like a tangled ball of thread that could not be resolved. 
Nora took a deep breath and suppressed the confusion in her heart. She then walked out of the door and went downstairs. She realized that Justin was sitting on the sofa with a serious expression while Melissa was also looking amiable. The two of them should have had a pleasant conversation just now. 
Nora greeted Melissa before leaving the Andersons with Justin. 
When he saw Nora’s gaze, Justin stood up and went out with her. The man sat in the driver’s seat again. Melissa then heaved a sigh of relief.
She smiled and watched as the two of them left. When she went upstairs, she saw that Mrs. Anderson was standing by the window, staring at their departing figures. 
Melissa saw the worry on Mrs. Anderson’s face and could not help but say, “Mom, Mr. Hunt seems to be very good to Nora. You should be relieved! Why are you still so worried?” 
Mrs. Anderson sighed. “I’m just afraid that one day, Nora will suddenly disappear like Yvette.” 
Melissa was taken aback. 
Mrs. Anderson lowered her eyes. “Back then, Ian treated Yvette like this too. The two of them were childhood sweethearts and had a good relationship, but Yvette disappeared just like that… Back then too, Yvette and Ian had just returned home. At that time, Yvette ran into something and her face flashed with a daze. Then, she went missing.” 
Mrs. Anderson held her chest. “I always have a bad feeling.” 
Melissa looked at Mrs. Anderson, not knowing what to say. 
– 
At this moment, in the distant car. 
Nora told Justin of her discovery. “If Trueman schemed against us, what role did my mother play in this? Also, why did we have to have twins or triplets?”. 
Nora thought that she was joking. 
Unfortunately, when she turned around to look, she saw that Justin’s expression was grave and did not catch the joke in her words. 
She asked hesitantly, “What’s wrong?”
Justin sighed silently. “Nora, have you ever thought that perhaps your pregnancy was not due to artificial insemination?” 
Nora was stunned. “What do you mean? Did you think of something?” 
Justin nodded. “Recently, I’ve been having a dream. In the dream, I seem to have returned to that night. Me and a…” 
Justin hesitated for a moment before continuing, “…A slightly plump woman slept together.” 
“A slightly plump woman?” 
Nora immediately said, “That’s definitely not 
me.” 
Justin: “?” 
Nora said, “Back then, I weighed almost 200 pounds. I wasn’t just a little plump…” 
Justin: “!!!” 
The woman who had slept with him back then was a fatty! 
But could he say fatty? 
If he said it, Nora would definitely fight him to the death! 
He coughed. “I meant slightly plump and about 200 pounds.” 
Nora: “?”
She immediately glanced at Justin in disdain. “Then your standards for being slightly plump are a little low.” 
Justin felt like he was being looked down on. 
The corners of his mouth twitched, and he finally sighed. He finally understood. In Nora’s eyes, being fat meant being fat. She was not like other women. She would not even let him say that she was slightly plump and would get angry if he did. 
Justin was about to speak when Nora suddenly looked at him warily. “Everyone says that people gain weight when they are middle-aged, especially men in their thirties. When the time comes, you won’t reach your slightly plump standard!” 
Justin: “?” 
Was he being despised? 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He was about to say something when he heard Nora continue, “If you weigh 200 pounds, your body will have a huge problem.” 
Justin instantly heaved a sigh of relief, feeling that Nora was concerned about him. 
However, she continued, “When you’re 200 pounds, you can’t lie on your stomach when you sleep. It’s uncomfortable pressing against your heart, but it’s too tiring to sleep in the same posture. Therefore, it’s better to be skinnier.” 
Justin was stunned. 
He felt that he would never be able to keep up with her thoughts.
After Nora finished talking, the woman changed the topic again. “So, whatever Trueman said about the pregnancy might be a lie? We might also have gotten pregnant naturally?” 
Justin nodded. 
Nora was even more confused. She felt like there were a few more knots in that mess. “But in that case, did Trueman scheme for us to be together? Or did my mother?” 
Previously, she had felt that her mother had schemed against her to get her pregnant and could not accept it. 
However, after learning that her mother had sacrificed herself to save her, Nora’s thinking had changed. Perhaps at that time, in her mother’s eyes, her life was more important than anything. 
Trueman said that she would have died if she hadn’t given birth. 
If this was really the reason, she could accept that her mother had arranged for her to get pregnant. 
But if it was arranged by his mother, how did Trueman take over? How did Xander end up in his hands? 
She frowned. As she was thinking, she realized that the car had already entered the Hunt Manor. 
She raised her eyebrows hesitantly and heard Justin say, “Don’t you want to see how Cherry and Xander Yale are doing?” 
His voice was very friendly when he mentioned Cherry. 
When Xander was mentioned, he said his full 
name. 
Nora pursed her lips. “I really want to know.”
The two of them stopped the car at the entrance. Someone came over and drove the car to the parking lot. 
The two of them walked into the living room. 
Nora subconsciously sped up. She really wanted to see how the two children interacted. 
Pete had always given in to Cherry. Cherry had also been very tolerant of Pete because she had looked forward to meeting her brother since she was young. As long as Pete did not touch her game, the two little fellows would be very loving. However, Cherry might not be patient with others. 
The two of them had just entered when they heard a commotion in the room.
###Chapter 653
Chapter 653 Old Maddy is Awake!! 
“I’m so angry, I’m so angry. Jumbo, are you fighting with a wild beast? You stayed in the jungle for so long, don’t you see that the middle lane has already opened up! There’s so much HP, are you blind?” 
Although Cherry was very fierce when she scolded people in her childish voice, it was funny to see her dancing on the sofa. “I think he might be a Buddhist who can’t bear to kill.” 
Xander stood behind Cherry’s sofa and played the supporting role. 
Cherry rolled her eyes and turned around with her back to Xander. It was obvious that she did not want to talk to him. “Can you shut 
up?” 
Xander stuck out his tongue and closed his eyes. He stood there obediently. 
Cherry continued the next group battle. “Jumbo! I’m an ADC, do you know what an ADC is? Why are you stealing from my minions? Don’t you know I’m looking for more resources?” 
She had just finished complaining when Xander said again, “This guy probably died of poverty in his previous life, so he wants whatever money he sees in this life.” 
Cherry was in a fit of anger. She nodded immediately. “You have a point!” 
However, as soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly realized who had said those words. Cherry immediately rolled her eyes and glanced at Xander. She tilted her head and said in a childish voice, “Can you not talk to
me?” 
Xander stabbed his elbows into the sofa and hung his chin. His chubby face was held in his hands. “But there’s only you and me in this house. If I don’t talk to you, who will I talk to?” 
Cherry: “…The butler!” 
“Tsk, I’m not talking to him.” Xander continued to look at Cherry. “I just want to talk to you.” 
Cherry: “…” 
She rolled her eyes again and stood up from the sofa. She strode upstairs with Xander following behind her. “What are you going to do?” 
Cherry: “I’ll play upstairs.” 
Xander nodded. “I think it’s quieter upstairs too. It’s too noisy with people coming and going downstairs.” 
The two of them went up to the second floor one after another and arrived in front of Cherry’s room. Cherry walked in and Xander was about to follow when Cherry suddenly turned around and looked into the distance. “Daddy!” 
Xander suddenly looked over but realized that there was no one there. He turned around to see Cherry’s door close with a bang. 
Xander: “…” 
The door almost hit his nose. 
He touched his nose. That appearance was really identical to how Justin usually looked when he felt uncomfortable.
Why was Cherry so angry? She was not as cute as she was on the Internet. 
As Xander thought about this, he pursed her lips. Then, just as he was about to knock on the door, he heard footsteps downstairs. When he turned around and saw Nora and Justin coming upstairs, he immediately strode forward and rushed into his room. 
Bang! 
The door closed. Xander was prepared to sleep. 
Sigh! 
He sighed silently. 
Before he returned to the country, Trueman had said that the woman beside Justin was very annoying, so Xander hated Nora. 
However, who would have thought that Nora was the mother of his only friend? 
What should he do now? 
He originally wanted to tease Nora. But if he did that now, would his only good friend really cut ties with him? 
Xander placed his arms behind his head and lay on the bed staring at the ceiling in frustration. 
Outside the room. 
Justin raised his eyebrows and said, “Why do I feel like Xander is avoiding you?” 
“Really?” 
Nora touched her face. “I’m not that scary, am I?”
However, it was quite strange that the two children did not quarrel. 
She did not know what had happened previously… 
As Nora thought about this, she and Justin looked at each other and then went their separate ways. Nora went to Cherry’s room. 
Justin went to Xander’s room, planning to probe. 
Nora had just entered when she saw that Cherry had finished her game and was video calling Pete. 
The little girl lay on the bed, her legs swaying. “Pete, that Xander really looks identical to Daddy. He keeps trying to curry favors with me. Fortunately, I listened to you and realized his goal long ago. I ignored him!” 
Pete: “…Okay, keep ignoring him. Cherry, I’ve asked around. Everyone says that he’s the illegitimate child of Dad and another woman. He must have a reason to curry favor with you, so this person can’t stay. Otherwise, Mom will be very sad! We have to firm our resolve!” 
As if she was doing a spy mission, Cherry nodded. “Pete, don’t worry. Although he fawns on me in every way and his words are indeed quite nice, I won’t be bewitched by his sweet talk! Daddy can have other babies apart from you and me, but this baby has to be born from Mommy. Otherwise, he’ll be our enemy! We can’t be good to him or be soft-hearted to him. Or else we’ll be betraying Mommy!” 
It was as if she was talking to Pete and herself. 
In fact, after her father left today, Cherry had sneaked upstairs with the intention of messing with this little demon. After all, she had heard that on the day she was not around, the little demon had bullied several servants in the house!
He even bit the hand of her favorite bodyguard. 
How detestable. 
She had to teach this lousy child a lesson! 
Therefore, she had secretly entered Xander’s room with a spider in her hand. When she pushed the door open, she realized that the person, who looked like her father, was sleeping on the bed. 
She smiled and walked over to place the spider in Xander’s hand, wanting to scare him. 
The spider in her hand was big, as big as a thumb, but it did not bite or poison. Cherry did not plan to hurt him. She just wanted to scare him. 
When the spider crawled on her arm, Xander seemed to have sensed it. He slowly opened his eyes and raised his arm. When he saw the spider, Xander was indeed frightened. 
He screamed, his face turning white! 
Cherry felt that it was about time. After all, she couldn’t scare him to death. She was about to take the spider away when she saw… 
Xander seemed to be frightened. His other hand suddenly grabbed the spider, and then 
He stuffed the spider into his mouth… 
He stuffed it into his mouth… 
In his mouth… 
Cherry was shocked. She looked at him with wide eyes. 
Xander took two bites and said calmly, “It tastes good, but it’s a little hard. Find a soft one next time.”
Cherry: “…” 
She was bewildered! 
The little demoness who had been making trouble and bullying others since she was young was stunned by this unpredictable little demon in front of her! 
Cherry was dumbfounded. 
After a moment, she rushed toward Xander with a loud shout and reached out to poke his mouth. “Return my spider to me! She’s my 
pet!” 
That’s right. She had raised that spider. Otherwise, she wouldn’t know so much. 
But unexpectedly! 
Xander had eaten it!!! 
Cherry was furious. Then, she saw Xander look at her. “Then should I spit it out for you?” 
As he said this, he planned to reach into his throat and even made a disgusting retching gesture. Cherry was a little princess who loved cleanliness. She hurriedly jumped out of bed and took a few steps back. 
Xander did not spit out anything. Instead, he smiled at Cherry. 
Cherry knew that she had been tricked. 
She cried out loud. It was not because she had been deceived, nor was she at a disadvantage. It was because her little pet was gone!
She did not want to care about this stinky boy anymore. 
“Hey, why are you crying?” 
Xander was anxious. He jumped out of bed and was about to comfort Cherry when she suddenly opened her mouth and bit Xander’s arm. 
Xander: !! 
When he saw Cherry’s tearless eyes, he knew that he had been tricked too. 
The pain in his arm made him cry out, “Hey, let go. Are you a dog?” 
However, Cherry did not let go at all. She wanted to take revenge for her pet spider! 
Xander was furious. He suddenly said, “If you don’t let go, I’ll crush your spider to death!” 
Hearing this, Cherry was stunned. 
She looked up and saw Xander reaching out with his other hand. His chubby hand slowly opened, and her spider was lying on his palm. 
Cherry: “…” 
Cherry ignored him. 
However, Xander found her amusing and followed her downstairs. 
Cherry played games and scolded people in-game, so Xander played along and said a few words. When it came to scolding… Pete had never been able to say it, so it made Cherry feel a little warm? 
Furthermore, it felt like two swords had combined!
At the thought of this, she shook her head suddenly. 
She slapped her head. 
Cherry, what are you thinking about?! 
How could she have a good impression of that bad child, Xander? She had to dislike him! Because liking him would be betraying her mother. 
Cherry tried to build up her emotions, but she could not help but say, “Pete, Xander doesn’t seem that bad~” 
Pete: “?” 
Oh no! 
His sister had been corrupted! 
Pete was silent for a moment before suddenly saying, “I’ll come back tomorrow.” 
He could not let his sister be abducted by a bad child! 
Cherry nodded. She was about to say something when Nora entered. She hurriedly hung up the phone. When she turned back, she saw Nora looking at her tentatively. 
Cherry immediately blinked her large grape-like eyes and flew into her arms. “Mommy, why are you here? Did you feel that Cherry missed you?” Her little mouth was like honey. 
Nora rubbed her head and was about to ask her how she was getting along with Xander when her phone suddenly rang.
She lowered her head and saw that Lily was calling. “Boss, Old Maddy is awake. He said that he has something to say to you!” 
Old Maddy had woken up… 
Coincidentally, Nora wanted to ask him about the triplets!
###Chapter 654
Chapter 654 Twins Or Triplets? 
Nora hung up the phone and looked at Cherry. After a moment’s thought, she nevertheless gave her a reminder. “Don’t bully the boy.” 
Cherry nodded at once, the very picture of a well-behaved girl. She replied, “Don’t worry, Mommy! Xander and I will get along very well!” 
For some reason, when she saw how she was behaving, Nora was entirely unconvinced. 
But if Cherry was refusing to say it, then she couldn’t possibly force her to, right? 
As such, she let Cherry stay obediently in the room while she went out. When she did, she happened to bump into Justin, who was coming out of Xander’s room. When the two met, Nora raised her eyebrows and asked, “How did it go?” 
Justin looked a little awkward. “He said that he’s getting along very well with Cherry and told me not to worry.” 
Nora: “…” 
She had obviously seen the two little fellows being awkward around each other, so how could they possibly be having fun? 
But both of them were refusing to tell the truth… 
“Do you believe him?” She asked.
Justin kept quiet for a while before he suddenly replied, “Whether the children are fated to get along or not is out of our hands. There are siblings who have trouble getting along. Let’s not force it.” 
He was afraid that Nora would tell Cherry to treat Xander better, which might instead make the children rebellious. 
Nora had always taken an easy-going and stress-free approach to child-raising. 
If Cherry liked playing games, then she would let her play. 
Of course, this was also because of Cherry’s unique character. It definitely wouldn’t do for other children to become as addicted as Cherry was to games. However, Cherry’s IQ was too high. She had to use games and play with Barbie dolls to calm down her hyperactive brain. 
Since Justin had put it that way, she nodded and walked out of the Hunt Manor. 
When she was going down the stairs, she suddenly turned and looked back, upon which she saw a small head quickly darting backward in Xander’s room as though he was afraid of being seen by her. 
Nora withdrew her gaze, though a faint indescribable emotion welled up in her. 
However, she quickly suppressed the emotion. 
She didn’t want her judgment to become impaired because of her emotions. Before she could be sure of whether Xander was her son or not, it was better that she had less contact with him, lest she developed feelings for him. If that happened, things would become troublesome. 
She wasn’t the only one who thought that way. As Justin walked her to the parking lot, even he himself suddenly said calmly, “For Trueman to send the child back so easily, yet not for the purpose of saving Ruth, something must be wrong. Although it is highly likely from a DNA perspective that Xander is our son, until we can confirm it, we must not be soft-hearted.”
Nora, who knew what he meant, nodded. 
After leaving Justin’s villa, she started to drive out of the manor. However, someone stopped her while she was on the way out. With a frown, Nora stopped the car and looked at the Hunts’ housekeeper who had stopped her. 
The housekeeper was looking at her with a smile. She said, “Ms. Smith, Ma’am invites you over to her place.” 
Nora cast her eyes down and suddenly smiled. “Sorry, but I’m not free.” 
As soon as she said that, the housekeeper’s expression instantly changed. 
She looked at Nora in surprise, upon which she saw a glint of indifference bursting forth from the woman’s cat-like eyes. She started the car and drove forward. 
Fanny, the housekeeper, had been working for Mrs. Hunt for many years and had been taking care of the Hunt Manor for several decades. She was highly respected in the manor, and even Justin generally treated her a little more politely than others. 
Fanny didn’t expect Nora to be this rude to her! 
The sixty-year-old Fanny frowned. Just as she was about to speak, she realized that Nora was really driving off. She could only step aside and say, “Ms. Smith, please wait a minute. I’m doing this for your sake. I doubt you want to put Pete in a spot, right?” 
Nora: “?” 
She let go of the gas pedal. The car came to a halt. 
Fanny followed beside the car and went on. “Ms. Smith, it won’t do for you to continue taking things so seriously with Ma’am like this. After all, she’s your elder. If you give in, Ma’am definitely won’t make things difficult for you, either. Take Mr. Livingstone’s illness this time for example. If you take the initiative to cure Thomas’ condition, and get the baby-making formula from the Stewarts -you’ve done them such a huge favor this time, so they will definitely give it to youwhen that happens, you will be the Livingstones’ benefactor. Ma’am will definitely remember what you’ve done for them. This way, Pete won’t have to be caught between his great-grandmother and his mother too, right?”. 
Nora knew it. Fanny must have come to her to get her to treat Thomas’ condition. 
She scoffed and looked at Fanny. “You want me to treat Thomas’ condition? Sure.” 
Seeing her relent so easily, Fanny smiled and said, “I knew Ms. Smith is a smart person. I’m sure you won’t want to make things difficult for Mr. Hunt either. In that case, when can you treat Mr. Livingstone’s illness?” 
Nora replied casually, “Oh, I’m not sure about that because you’ll have to get an appointment. You can contact my assistant and talk to her about it.” 
After saying that, she stepped on the gas pedal right away. The car zoomed forward at once, puffing dust into Fanny’s face! 
Fanny: “…” 
It was then that she realized that she had been tricked. 
If she went to her assistant to get an appointment, god knows how long they would have to wait! 
Everyone knew how good Anti’s medical skills were, so they all went to her for medical consultations. However, Anti only accepted two patients a month, so there was a huge line at Lily’s at the moment.
Thomas really did want to have his condition treated. However, Mrs. Hunt had already gotten people to ask around-if they were to really join the queue, they would have to wait for at least ten years! 
By then, Thomas would be nearly forty. What was the point of having his illness treated then? 
Fanny stamped her foot angrily. 
When she returned to the villa, Mrs. Hunt was sighing. She said, “I owe her big this time. Sigh! Never mind, if she performs well in the future, then I’ll just stop making things difficult for her!” 
But as soon as she said that, she instead saw a troubled-looking Fanny. 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. “S-he didn’t agree to 
it?” 
Fanny nodded. 
Mrs. Hunt smacked the sofa angrily, her expression instantly becoming awful. She clutched her chest, so angry that she actually couldn’t breathe for a moment. Fanny hurriedly gave her a Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pill. A short while after she took it, she finally felt like she could breathe again. She said, “How dare she refuse! This is so maddening!” 
Mrs. Hunt took a deep breath. “How dare she disrespect me again and again. It seems that I really have to teach her a lesson!” 
— 
Nora was completely unaware that she had infuriated Mrs. Hunt. She had already arrived at the hospital by then. 
Lily was waiting for her at the door. 
Nora asked, “When did he recover?” 
Lily lowered her voice and said, “Actually, he was already showing signs of it two days ago. He had stopped making a din or kicking up a fuss, so I think he had likely already recovered at that time. He looked more like he was observing his surroundings at that time, and seemed to be full of hostility. It was only today that he finally said that he wanted to see you.” 
Nora nodded and entered the ward with Lily. 
Old Maddy was seated on the bed. The burns on his face made him look extraordinarily scary. His entire face was flat with two holes in the area where his eyes were supposed to be. There were also two holes at his nose, and his outer lips were gone. He was completely disfigured. 
Previously, when he was crazy, he had looked a little more pleasing to the eye. But now that he was no longer crazy and had calmed down, he actually felt scarier. 
If a child stumbled into the room and saw him, they would probably burst into tears out of fright. 
After Nora entered the room, Old Maddy stared at her hard with his beady eyes. A long while later, he sighed and said, “You two really look alike! Too alike! You practically look just like Yvette.” 
Nora didn’t care about that. She immediately voiced her biggest concern at the moment. “Last time, you said that I needed to have children. In that case, did I give birth to twins or triplets?”
###Chapter 655
Chapter 655 Why She Would Die If She Didn’t Have Children! 
Nora stared hard at Old Maddy to look at his reaction after she voiced the question. 
She would never trust a person’s words that easily, so she wanted to determine whether he was telling the truth through his reaction. 
What she didn’t expect, though, was that because of the burns on Old Maddy’s face, he couldn’t make any facial expressions. Even his eyes were too small for her to see anything. This made him hard to read. 
Old Maddy kept quiet for a while. Suddenly, he asked, “Twins? Triplets? What are you talking about? Didn’t you only give birth to a daughter?” 
In Old Maddy’s impression, the daughter of the lady he served had returned and gave birth to a daughter. 
How could it have been twins or triplets instead? 
Seeing how logical his answer was, Nora frowned. “Uncle…” 
“I’m not worthy of having you call me that.” Old Maddy interrupted her and said, “My name is Jake Reed. I am your mother’s subordinate, and you are the young lady whom I now serve.” 
Seeing that he had brought up her mother again, Nora asked, “What on earth happened back then?” 
Old Maddy heaved a sigh. “Your mother was tricked into doing human research by a mysterious organization back then. When she realized what was happening, she hurriedly ran away from the organization. However, that organization was simply too powerful. In order to avoid implicating your
father, your mother staged an elopement and made everyone think that she had betrayed your father. Then, she left New York and went to a small town in California. At that time, she only took me with her.” 
Old Maddy’s explanation was simple, but it matched the story that Nora had previously heard. 
“And then?” She asked. 
“Then, your mother found someone with the last name Smith-Henry Smith, I think-and pretended to marry him. The two of them then lived in secret in California. Do you know why she went to Henry?” 
Nora had a guess, but she didn’t say it. 
Old Maddy then said, “Because she wanted you to have the last name ‘Smith’. Even if you couldn’t grow up under your real father’s love and care, she still wanted you to keep your real last name.” 
It was just like what she had thought. 
Her mother must have been deeply in love with Ian back then! 
That was why the tiny company she had founded in California was named Idealian Pharmaceuticals. 
Nora did not comment on the love between her parents. Instead, she listened quietly. 
Old Maddy went on. “But later, she was still discovered by the mysterious organization. Because I had never made an appearance in front of others, she told me to leave and hide somewhere. Then, once you turned twenty, I was supposed to tell you that you must have a baby!” 
He continued. “I had no friends or relatives and had been working for your mother the whole time. I didn’t know what I should do during all those years, either. Moreover, I knew that your mother was in danger, so I had only one thought in my mind, and that was to look for your father! The Smiths were strong and
powerful. If there was someone who could save your mother, it was your father. But on my way to New York, I encountered people from the mysterious organization. They injured me.” 
Old Maddy seemed to be recalling the events from back then. He said, “After that, my mind was in a state of confusion. All I knew was that I had to go to New York to look for your father… but I forgot why I had to do that. I also kept your mother’s order strictly in mind, that was, to tell you that you must have a baby before you turn twenty!” 
Nora had been stunned the moment Old Maddy mentioned that she had to have a baby. Upon hearing him bringing it up again, even though she knew that she shouldn’t be interrupting him at this time, judging from his demeanor, he should have already finished the story. There was nothing after that. Thus, she finally couldn’t stop herself from asking, “Why did I have to have a baby?” 
Old Maddy heaved a huge sigh. “Because… you would have died if you hadn’t!” 
Nora became more confused. 
Trueman had also told her the same thing. He had told her that she would have died if she hadn’t had a baby. At that time, she had been dubious about his answer, but Trueman had said that he was telling the truth. Later on, however, she discovered that what he had said was only half-true. 
Nora had always wanted to know why she had to have a baby back then. It seemed that, be it her mother or Trueman, both of them had made that choice for her. But… why? 
Thinking about this, she asked, “Why?” 
Nora knew that the answer would finally be revealed today.
###Chapter 656
Chapter 656 The Truth! 
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked at Old Maddy intently. 
There was silence in the ward. 
Lily had left the room when the two started talking, and was standing guard outside the door. The white- walled ward seemed completely silent. Apart from tranquility, there was only the smell of pungent disinfectant in the air. 
But be it Old Maddy or Nora, both of them were very used to such a smell. 
The former had stayed there for a very long time by then and had already become accustomed to the smell, while the latter had pretty much grown up being bathed in the smell. 
When she was in poor health as a child, she was often hospitalized. Her bedroom at home would also be sanitized with disinfectants. 
Nora lowered her eyes slightly. Then, Old Maddy said, “After you were born, your mother discovered that the mysterious organization was in pursuit of her. In order to ensure your survival, she died before the mysterious organization’s eyes, so that they won’t continue investigating. But we all knew that they definitely won’t stop. Besides, no one could say for sure whether the Grays were trustworthy or not.” Old Maddy looked at her. “It’s only when you become strong enough that you can resist becoming someone else’s pawn. Your mother was driven into a corner at that time was because she was not strong enough.” 
Not strong enough… 
Nora was taken aback.
Yvette could stir up the entire New York and throw it into instability back then. The drugs she developed- even in this age after more than twenty years had gone by-were still relevant. 
She was multi-talented. To this day, she was still a legend in New York. 
Yet someone like her was not strong enough? 
Moreover, even now, Nora did not feel that the mysterious organization was that powerful. In the United States, they had been completely suppressed by the special department. 
Trueman had even almost been arrested. In the end, he had to leave the country in a pathetic state to seek refuge abroad. 
So, had her mother made the wrong choice back then? 
Would they really have been that fearsome if she had joined hands with Ian? Besides, why didn’t her mother seek asylum from the authorities? 
These were all mysteries! 
She wanted to ask something, but Old Maddy had already continued, “In order to give you the ability to defend yourself, and in order to give you enough confidence to face these things that you are facing today, she had no choice but to inject you with… a serum.” 
Nora’s back suddenly became ramrod straight. “What?” 
Surprise flashed across her eyes. But right after, it became a look of realization! 
To be honest, she had already guessed as much that she had also been injected with a gene serum. When Lily was checking her DNA some time back, she had discovered that her IQ genes had mutated a little.
This was also the reason why the DNA comparison between her and Ian had only reached 98% and not the benchmark for a father-daughter similarity. 
Perhaps because he saw that she had become a little agitated, Old Maddy hurriedly waved and said, “It was just a little! A little! Your father and your mother are already some of the most intelligent people in the world, so their daughter’s IQ could never be low. That’s why your mother only injected you with very little serum. There was only a bit of difference in your DNA comparison with Ian, right?” 
Nora nodded. 
It was medically recognized that a father-daughter pair’s genes should be 99.8% similar, but hers and Ian’s were only 98% similar. This indicated that a 1% change had indeed occurred. 
Moreover, the change had even occurred in the IQ gene. 
So, it was because she had also been injected with the gene serum that she was so smart and was able to master so many things easily? 
While she was contemplating, Old Maddy spoke again. “However, that serum has a side effect. Has your health always been poor?” 
Nora fell silent. 
She had been frail since she was a child and often easily fell sick. She often visited the hospital and had poor immunity. The moment the weather changed, she would inevitably catch a cold. This had also given her stepmother a chance to give her hormonal injections, which had caused her to become fat. 
Therefore, even though she was a fatty-a fatty who could fight and a fatty who was very smart-her constitution was indeed poor. 
Additionally, Caleb was also in poor health. When she thought of him, all she could remember was the sight of him coughing his lungs out. As for Trueman, his physical condition was currently unknown. Given how he had kept himself hidden all this time, it probably wasn’t that great either. 
But what did this have to do with her having children? 
Could it be that.. 
Nora’s pupils shrank suddenly. Her head whipped up abruptly, upon which she heard Old Maddy say, “Adults cannot withstand the gene serum’s modification at all. Even if they succeed, they will only have two years left to live. Even if they don’t die after two years, they will go crazy. Children’s bodies have a high level of malleability, but even so, you likely wouldn’t have been able to withstand even that bit of serum. Moreover, your IQ genes were close to being perfect in the first place, so the serum couldn’t show that great an effect on you. That’s why, before the age of twenty, you needed to expel the excess dosage by giving birth.” 
Nora was stunned. However, her first reaction was to ask, “Then what about the children? Will there be residual serum in the children?!” 
Old Maddy shook his head. “We don’t know. Your mother didn’t have the time to verify that either. All she wanted was to protect you. I also brought this up to her at the time. Her answer to me was…” 
Old Maddy kept quiet for a while before he sighed and said, “… It’s her child. She will have to do something about them herself.” 
Nora: “…” 
She had to check immediately whether there was any mutation in Cherry and Pete’s genes, as well as whether there was any residual gene serum in them.
She stood up suddenly. As she looked at Old Maddy, she asked another question, “In that case… why did the father of my children have to be Justin Hunt?” 
Old Maddy was taken aback. “I wasn’t the one who executed that part of the plan, so I’m not sure. Back then, apart from myself, your mother also had two other subordinates.” 
Old Maddy had been crazy for so many years, so he definitely wouldn’t know the details of Nora’s pregnancy. In other words, if her mother was the one who had plotted her pregnancy, then it was likely the other two who had carried out the plan. She was about to ask when Old Maddy said, “One of them is Charles Ramsey while the other is Ivan Rogers. Charles is very recognizable. He has a mole on his face, and there’s a strand of hair on the mole.” 
Nora: “!!!” 
Wasn’t that the lunatic Jessica had mentioned?! 
She frowned and looked at Old Maddy again. “How do I contact Charles?” 
Old Maddy sighed. “The three of us didn’t contact one another much. Besides, twenty years have already passed. Our contact methods may have become obsolete.” 
Nora, however, said firmly, “Tell me.” 
Old Maddy kept quiet for a moment before he said, “For more than twenty years, we never told one another our cell phone numbers. It was always one-way whenever we contacted one another. No matter which one of us it was, if we wanted to contact someone, we had to publish an ad in the newspaper and state clearly the number of a payphone and the time in the ad. When the other party saw it, they would find a payphone and call you.”
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. Why were they contacting one another as if they were spies? And it sure was old-fashioned. Even the three of them were on guard against one another… What exactly was her mother doing back then? Why did she have three such subordinates? 
It seemed that she would have to talk to Old Maddy about her mother’s past again when she had time. 
If they didn’t want the other party to know their phone number, couldn’t they just encrypt it? 
She sighed. “Tell me the contact method.” 
Old Maddy nodded. 
After telling her about the contact method, he said, “Just publish it in the daily newspaper.” 
“… That would be a hard thing to do.” 
Most newspapers were published online these days, there weren’t many physical copies anymore. Even if there were, hardly anyone would buy them these days! 
Old Maddy was also dumbfounded. “What should we do?” 
Nora held her forehead. “I have a solution. But first, my last two questions—the first one is, do you know why they chose Justin Hunt as the children’s father?”
###Chapter 657
Chapter 657 The Mystery of Xander’s Birth! 
Old Maddy said, “I don’t know why he was chosen, but your mother told us at the time to choose the smartest one. That’s because the serum she gave you improved one’s genes. Even if it was passed on to the child, their genes wouldn’t be modified much if the child was born very smart. This way, if the serum is unable to do what it’s supposed to, it will become ineffective. I would think that is likely the reason why.” 
Nora: “…” 
So, Justin had been chosen because of his high IQ? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
But she felt that the answer didn’t seem unacceptable either. 
After all, Cherry’s IQ was slightly higher than Pete’s, probably because half of a female’s genes were inherited from the father. 
“Then, here’s my last question.” 
Nora stared hard at Old Maddy. “If I gave birth to more children, would the amount of serum distributed to each child have become smaller, thereby making it safer for them?” 
If her theory was correct, then she could conclude that she had indeed given birth to triplets! 
Her mother must have given her the triplet-making drug in order to let the three children share that bit of gene serum. If so, Xander would be her son! 
However, Old Maddy suddenly smiled and answered, “Of course not.”
He sighed and said, “Your mother only injected you with a very low dosage of serum in the first place. The number of children you gave birth to didn’t affect anything. It can be said that the serum could not bring much harm to the child after passing through your body.” 
Nora was stunned. 
Why was the answer different from what she had imagined?! 
She frowned, perplexed as to how things had turned out this way. 
While she was thinking, Old Maddy spoke up again. “Besides, your mother once said that the Andersons have genes for having twins, so it all depended on your luck. Whether you have twins or just one child, they are all still your children.” 
1111 
Nora looked closely at Old Maddy for a long while. In the end, she lowered her eyes. “I see.” 
She went out of the room to see Lily standing there and nodding off as she leaned against the wall. 
Nora asked, “How long has it been since you last slept?” 
Lily, who was taller than her, immediately replied, “Twenty hours, I guess?” 
Nora uttered an “oh” and then said, “Get some rest.” 
Those three words made Lily all excited, but unexpectedly, she then heard Nora say, “Once you’re rested, try to restore Xander’s DNA data as soon as possible.” 
Lily: “…” 
If she wanted it “as soon as possible’, how was she going to get a good rest?!
She couldn’t help but complain, “Boss, you are so impractical. Instead of saying so much, it’s better that you just give me a pay raise instead.” 
Nora looked at her curiously. “Are you very short of money?” 
“Not really~” 
Lily blinked and replied, “It’s mainly because it costs quite a lot to support young men. Besides, that man in question is even your cousin. Boss, how much do the Smiths give to Quentin each month? Can we negotiate a little and have them give him a bit less in the future? If not, I won’t have enough to keep him as my ‘mistress’!” 
Nora: “…” 
She patted Lily on the shoulder. Then, she turned and left. 
When she returned to the Smiths, to her surprise, she found Samuel seated in the living room. Seeing her, he immediately came forward with an ingratiating smile and said, “Nora, can you talk to Joel and have him release your Grandaunt Sue?” 
Nora: “?” 
She looked at Joel, only to see him as smiley as ever as he said, “Granduncle Samuel, what are you saying? Nora has nothing to do with 
this.” 
As he spoke, he gave her a look. 
Nora went upstairs at once. In the corridor, she could still hear Samuel downstairs. He said, “Joel, you can’t do this. Sue did make a false police report, but it’s already been so long. Shouldn’t you let her out by now? I heard that you even talked to the police, so she’s having a hard time inside. You can’t treat her like this…” 
Joel was still smiling at him. “Granduncle Samuel, what are you talking about? I don’t understand…” 
“You wolf in sheep’s clothing, stop pretending! I know all about it!!” 
Samuel yelled angrily. 
Joel, however, remained as smiley as ever. “Really? So, what do you know, Granduncle Samuel?” 
Nora: “…” 
She finally knew how Joel came to be known as a wolf in sheep’s clothing. He was really good at frustrating people and making them feel as if everything they did was useless. 
And in private, not only was he merciless, but also vicious. 
She was sure that Joel was definitely the one behind Sue’s continued imprisonment. 
It was like back then… 
After Hillary was imprisoned, she had been having a very hard time. 
Nora had wanted to punish her at the time, but when she looked into it, she found that both Karl and Joel had talked to the people inside. This led to Hillary’s life inside becoming a living hell. This was also why she had been duped in the end the moment they gave her a bit of hope. 
Joel might look like a pushover, but in truth, he was secretly very vicious!
Moreover, after Tanya poisoned Hillary and was falsely accused of murdering her, and then her name subsequently cleared again, someone had exhumed Hillary’s grave. 
She was already dead, yet her corpse had been taken out of the grave and whipped… One could say that this was revenge for Mia. 
The woman who impersonated Jill also had a miserable end. She had attempted suicide several times in prison. 
It was just a pity that Joel would not allow her to die after all the wicked things she had done, so she hadn’t been successful in killing herself all this time. 
Nora went upstairs and ignored the ongoings downstairs. It was just that after a while, she heard that Samuel had decided to withdraw from the company’s board of directors and that he had also voluntarily given up some of his dividends to expand the ancestral graves and repair the Smiths’ ancestral home. 
Nora shook her head, feeling like Joel was really someone who got things done quietly and inconspicuously. 
However, she didn’t care much about these affairs in the Smiths. 
After going upstairs, she posted a missing person notice in the online version of a newspaper. 
Because she had spent some money on it, the missing person notice was published right in that night’s newspaper. 
As long as Charles was still alive, he would probably take the initiative to contact her when he saw the ad, right? 
After Nora was done, she leaned on the desk, her fingers tapping lightly against the desk as she waited quietly for the call.
Old Maddy’s recovery had allowed her to come one step closer to the truth. She had also received a great deal of information earlier in the day. 
The mystery of why she would have died if she hadn’t had a baby had finally been solved. 
But when she thought of this, she hurriedly stood up and walked over to Pete. Pete, who was writing his assignments, sensed her presence. He raised his head and looked at her. “What’s the matter, Mommy?” 
Nora held his hand and said, “Nothing much. Just a routine check of your pulse.” 
Pete looked at her quietly, his dark eyes filled with trust and love. 
This made Nora suddenly think of the split-second glance she had seen from Xander when she was at the Hunt Manor earlier that day. It seemed like there was a similar pair of innocent eyes looking at her at that time… 
A few hours after the ad in the newspaper was published, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
Nora looked over-it was an unfamiliar number! 
Charles’ call was here! 
The mystery of Xander’s birth would finally be revealed!
###Chapter 658
Chapter 658 Hello, Charles 
Nora withdrew her hand that was checking Pete’s pulse. 
Pete didn’t have any major problems with his health. They were just some small problems typical of children. 
From the looks of it, the gene serum didn’t have any effect on him. 
Nora was relieved. She narrowed her eyes and then answered the call. 
A low and deep male voice came from the other end. “Hello, who are you?” 
Nora frowned and identified herself at once. “I am Nora Smith. You should know who I am, right?” 
The call fell silent at once. 
Nora slowly said, “Charles, I know you were my mother’s subordinate. I have some questions for you.” 
Perhaps because she had called him by name, Charles replied, “I have nothing to say to you!” 
He hung up right away after saying that. 
Nora stared at her cell phone and clenched her jaw. 
Why wasn’t Charles talking? 
Was he hiding something? 
She picked up her cell phone and immediately started tracing the call to find out his location.
Half an hour later, Nora paused when she saw Charles’ location. She stood up, rushed out of the house, and drove straight to the hospital. 
That’s right. 
Charles was in the hospital! 
After Nora rushed to the hospital and got out of the car, she immediately saw a group of nurses and doctors moving about in a hurry and busy at work. Ambulances arrived at the entrance of the hospital one after another. 
A lot of people in white lab coats were anxiously giving first aid to the victims being carried out of the ambulances. 
Their white clothes were dyed red, and some of the victims’ blood had wet the white sheets, forming a shocking and harrowing sight. 
All the non-urgent passages in the hospital had been closed, and all the doctors had rushed over to deal with the victims of the traffic accident. 
Nora stood at the door and looked at her busy colleagues. She heard a doctor approaching and asking, “What happened?” 
“Sigh, it’s a long story. A bus got into a traffic accident. All fifty-odd people in the bus are injured!” 
“Really? How did this happen all of a sudden? I’ll take over the patient here, you can take care of the one over there …” 
Although the doctors were flustered, they dealt with the victims in an orderly manner. The other patients also wisely stepped aside. 
When a real disaster occurred, everyone knew that life was more important than anything else.
Beep, beep, beep… A medical instrument started sounding a warning beep. Nora looked to the side and saw that an unsupervised victim had suddenly gone into shock. 
Upon hearing the warning beep, a panicked nurse shouted, “Where is Dr. Wilson? Where is Dr. Wilson?” 
“A patient went into cardiac arrest just now, Dr. Wilson has gone over!” 
The nurse was in a huge panic. “This patient has gone into shock! What do we do now?” 
Nora rushed over subconsciously. She was wearing a black shirt. She took a white lab coat from the side and put it on. Then, she walked over to the nurse and said, “Let me do it!” 
“You? Who are you?” 
The nurse looked at her dubiously. “Are you a doctor?” 
Nora’s one-liner made the nurse shut up: “I am Anti.” 
The name Anti was most definitely a regal existence for people in the medical industry. 
Therefore, a look of joy came over the nurse’s face at once. “What should we do about this patient?” 
Nora took a look at the patient and immediately instructed, “Start CPR at once. Inject 5ml of…” 
Perhaps because her voice was simply too calm and collected, the nurse gradually calmed down. Under her orders, she began to perform CPR on the patient. 
What came after that was a slew of first aid measures. At last, the patient’s heartbeat returned to normal. Nora touched his abdomen and said, “The patient has internal bleeding. Send him for surgery at once!” 
“Yes, doctor!”
Patients typically needed to go for X-raysand on top of that, it wasn’t even known which part of the body required X-raysbefore they could receive treatment. In the process of finding the cause of their illness, they ended up missing the most optimal treatment time. 
However, with just a casual touch, Nora had figured out the cause of the patient’s condition, thereby speeding up the rescue process. This also saved them a lot of unnecessary trouble. 
After the first aid was completed, the people outside gradually dispersed. 
Most of the patients had also been categorized. Patients with minor or moderate injuries were currently resting in the corridor outside due to a lack of beds. 
As for patients with serious injuries, they had been pushed into the operating rooms. 
There were enough doctors in the hospital. Thus, after the initial panic, the order resumed and they started to provide medical treatment in an orderly manner. 
Nora took off her mask and gloves, and then tossed the white lab coat into the room next door. When she looked around, she noticed a man standing at the door to the operating room. He was talking to a nurse excitedly. “I’m so excited. Oh my god, I’m so lucky. Really, I’m really too lucky… This is a whole bus of people we’re talking about. The bus even rolled over, and everyone is injured, but not me! Look at me, I didn’t even get a scratch!” 
The nurse said, “… Yes, okay, sir, we understand, but I’d still suggest that you have a full-body examination done. After all, there could still be many internal injuries.” 
The man patted his chest. “No way, I really am fine! There’s nothing wrong with me at all! Look at me, look at how energetic I am! I am the luckiest person on earth!”
As the man spoke, he began to turn on the spot. 
Nora had initially taken notice of the man because of his behavior, but the very moment he turned around, Nora suddenly froze. 
Because… there was a mole on the side of the man’s face, and there was even a strand of hair on the mole! 
When one connected this to the reason why Nora had come to the hospital… 
She narrowed her eyes. Suddenly, she took a step forward and patted the man on the shoulder. 
The man turned around. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and stared at him. “What a coincidence, Charles.”
###Chapter 659
Chapter 659 I’m Sorry, Ms. Yvette 
Charles was stunned. Then, he said excitedly, “You know me? Young missy, how come you know me? How did you know my name is Charles? Haha, do you know? I was really lucky today. The bus overturned, and everyone in it was injured, but I didn’t suffer even a scratch. I must have saved the world in my previous life!” 
For the fifty-year-old to say such things, Nora couldn’t help but find it rather odd. Many older people, even if they surfed the Internet a lot, rarely said such things in real life. 
She frowned. “Do you know who I am?” 
Charles didn’t seem surprised at all. “It doesn’t matter who you are. Isn’t what matters the fact that I dodged the bullet today? Do you know how dangerous it was? The bus’ brakes had suddenly failed and it was rushing straight toward a mountain in front of us, you know! The woman in front of me was screaming the whole time in fear, and even I thought that I was dead meat. But unexpectedly, even though the bus overturned, I turned out fine!” 
Nora frowned upon hearing his description of what had happened. “How are you okay?” 
Charles replied, “I don’t know. I was just very fortunate. The bus overturned and quite a few people died on the spot. Did you see? You don’t even have to try saving a few of those people who were pushed in just now… Sigh, do you know?” 
His expression turned a little nostalgic. “I am actually not a good person. Of course, I am not a bad person either. I just did some bad things back in the day and helped some bad people in the past. Over the years, I have been devoting myself to God. And look! Results are showing! God must have been watching over me this time, that’s why I managed to escape….”
The more he talked, the more excited he became. He actually looked a little like he was going to cry bitterly. He said, “After I go back, I must be even more pious. I shall donate all my money to the church!” 
None of the other nurses were paying attention to him. In addition, seemingly because he had met Nora, someone who was willing to listen, he was very excited. 
Nora looked at him in silence. 
No wonder Jessica had said he was a lunatic. There was indeed something wrong with his mental health, and he seemed crazy. 
She lowered her eyes and slowly asked, “How much money do you have?” 
The man suddenly lowered his voice, but it seemed like he couldn’t quite control his volume. Thus, even though he had lowered his voice, he was actually still very loud. He said, “Don’t be fooled by my ordinary clothes. I am no ordinary man! I have a lot of money! I used to work for a very impressive person. More than twenty years ago, she even paid me up to $15,000 a month! 
“$15,000 a month, you know! Do you know how much $15,000 was worth over twenty years ago? It was worth even more than $150,000 today! I was really basking in the limelight back then!” 
Charles seemed caught in his memories. He said, “After that, I earned a whole lotta money, but I didn’t dare to spend it. I would’ve felt guilty if I were to spend that money…” 
He burst into tears and said, “I have five million dollars, but I hid the cash at home. I didn’t dare to spend it, you know? But after this accident, I’ve sorted out my thoughts. You know how a person would have epiphanies at near-death moments? Why didn’t I dare to spend that money? All that money belongs to me!”
Nora frowned. 
Even if her mother had given him $15,000 a month, that would only amount to $180,000 a year. For him to have five million dollars, he would have had to work for thirty years! Yet! As far as she knew, after her mother passed away, she hadn’t given those three people any more money. 
So, how would Charles possibly have five million dollars in cash?! 
Also, why was he saying that he dared not spend the money? Where had that money… come from? Were they benefit that her mother had given these people, who had worked under her for years? 
But if that was the case, why didn’t Old Maddy receive any? 
She frowned and asked, “Who gave you the money?” 
Charles glanced at her and then chuckled. “I can’t tell you that, young missy, I can’t. I went against my conscience for that money, so I can’t tell you… Sigh!” 
He went against his conscience for that money… 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
At this moment, the family members of the victims had all reached the hospital. Some rushed over to the operating rooms while some rushed over to the bodies of the people, who had been pronounced dead, and started to cry bitterly. 
All of a sudden, the hospital became a mess again. 
When Nora was about to ask Charles about something, a voice came over. “Charles, are you okay?” 
She turned to see a fifty-year-old man approaching them. He was standing in front of Charles and looking him up and down. “You don’t have any family, so they called me instead!”
Charles replied, “What can happen to me? I’m fine, I’m totally fine! Bro, let me tell you, I was really very lucky today…” Charles then started to recount in detail again what had happened that day. 
Nora: “…” 
The man was seriously neurotic. 
She rolled her eyes and walked up to the two of them. Just when she was about to ask something, Charles’s friend suddenly said, “Okay, okay, I get it. I know you went through life and death today, you are soooo lucky. But why are you suddenly so chatty?” 
Nora paused and looked at the two men abruptly. 
Charles was still babbling on and on neurotically. “Because I’m agitated and excited. I thought I could only be a stevedore for the rest of my life. Did you know? I thought that I didn’t deserve happiness anymore. I thought I could only be like you for the rest of my life, only be a laborer!” 
His friend’s expression changed. “What do you mean by that? Who are you looking down 
on?” 
Charles was still babbling. In fact, he had even started crying, as if the emotions that he had kept suppressed for a long time were finally erupting. He said, “Stevedores, of course! Not only is the work tiring, but the pay is also so low! You guys may be uncultured, but do you know who I am? I graduated from Hamlin School of Medicine, you know!” 
The Hamlin School of Medicine?! 
Nora narrowed her eyes.
His colleague, however, had never heard of the school. “What are you going crazy for? You must have hit your head, right? Why are you acting so weird today? Never mind being chatty, but you’re even suddenly talking about a medical school? If you were a high-achieving student, would you have been working as a laborer with us?” 
Charles waved dismissively and said, “Yeah, I’m different from you people. So you see, God still cares for me. Even when I was in a traffic accident, I didn’t get hurt at all…” 
Nora’s heart suddenly sank as she listened to their conversation. 
She took a big step forward and suddenly asked, “Excuse me, is he usually very quiet?” 
Charles’s colleague nodded. “Yeah. Ramsey talks very little. It’s rare for him to be this excited. It must have gone to his head!” 
As soon as he said that, Nora grabbed Charles’s hand. She suddenly shouted at the doctor beside them, “Arrange a CT scan for him immediately!” 
The doctor was stunned. “What?” 
The man looked at Charles carefully. “But he doesn’t seem injured!” 
Charles also said, “Yeah, I am not injured. I’m not doing a CT scan. Are you a doctor? You just want my money, right?!” 
As soon as he said that, Nora looked at him seriously with an awful look on her face. She said, “You graduated from medical school, right? Then let me ask you this: What are the symptoms of intracerebral hemorrhage?” 
Intracerebral hemorrhage…
Charles subconsciously answered, “Excessive secretion of adrenaline, causing people to become overly excited. After that, they will bleed from their seven orifices…” 
At this point, he suddenly realized something. 
Nora’s expression became even more serious. 
Yes, that’s right! 
If there was too great a change in Charles’s personality, then he must be suffering a hemorrhage in the brain! 
Internal bleeding was a very serious condition. There was a high chance that it would block blood vessels and form congestions. By the time it was discovered, it would be too late for diagnosis and treatment!! 
Nora hadn’t immediately discovered Charles’s abnormal behavior because she’d thought that he was a madman. After all, according to Jessica’s description, Charles was a madman. But through the chat with his colleague, one would know that he was usually not like this. It was only with his colleague’s description of him as a taciturn man that it fit the personality of the man who had called her. That was how she had suddenly realized Charles’s abnormal behavior. 
The doctor next to them, however, frowned. “Who are you? Why should I arrange a brain CT for him? Don’t you know that people who undergo CT scans are exposed to radiation? It’s best that healthy people not do it…” 
After he said that, Nora immediately said, “I am Anti!” 
The doctor shut up at once and looked at Charles. Then, he suddenly picked up his cell phone and called the CT department upstairs to make arrangements for the man to jump the line.
Nora looked at Charles again. 
Charles was dumbfounded. He touched his head. At this point, he could faintly feel something warm trickling out of his nose. 
He touched it and found that it was blood. 
Only then did he realize something. 
His eyes widened at once and he suddenly said, “I get it, I get it now. It’s them. They are here to silence me…” 
Nora clutched his wrist tightly. “Tell me, who is trying to silence you? The mysterious organization?” 
Upon hearing the words “mysterious organization”, at last, Charles focused and looked at Nora. In his state of excitement just now, after grabbing Nora, he had immediately started chatting with her. He hadn’t noticed Nora’s looks at all. 
But in this very instant, he saw Nora’s face clearly. 
Her face was 90% similar to Yvette’s back then! 
His eyes widened suddenly. “Ms. Yvette?” 
Nora’s eyes flickered faintly with a sharp glint. “I am Nora Smith.” 
Nora Smith! 
The name made Charles’s pupils shrink. 
He subconsciously said, “You look so much like Ms. Yvette now that you’ve lost weight.”
After she lost weight… 
This meant that Charles had definitely seen her a few years ago. 
Was it when she was pregnant? 
Had her mother gotten him to set up her pregnancy? 
The thoughts flooded into her mind. 
However, Nora found that Charles’s pupils were starting to dilate. There was no time for her to ask all the questions she wanted to ask. She could only ask one of them: “Tell me, did I have twins or triplets back then?!” 
Charles’s eyes were starting to lose focus, as though he could no longer think straight. 
He stared at Nora blankly. 
Twins or triplets… 
His eyes suddenly reddened and he said, “Ms. Nora, I’ve let you down. I betrayed you back then, and also betrayed Ms. Yvette… For so many years, I have felt guilty about this…” 
But that was not what Nora wanted to hear. 
She asked again, “Tell me, was I pregnant with twins or triplets?” 
Charles’s eyes were red. He suddenly smiled and said, “Yeah, the mysterious organization threatened me and bribed me. They gave me five million dollars, but because I betrayed Ms. Yvette, I have never
spent that money all these years. I’m sorry, I plotted against you. I am going to repay your kindness now! They wanted to silence me, but they didn’t expect that I would meet you before my death…” 
However, what he said next made Nora’s eyes widen in disbelief, yet also with enlightenment.
###Chapter 660
Chapter 660 Her Numerous Secret Identities 
Charles clutched her sleeves tightly. The world was already spinning in his vision. 
Nevertheless, he tried his best to calm himself and tried hard to tell her something. 
More than twenty years ago, Yvette had told him, Old Maddy, and the other man to go into hiding, and to make Nora give birth to a baby before she turned twenty. 
Because this was the only way she could stay alive. 
The three of them had fled in three different directions. Old Maddy had attracted and taken more of the mysterious organization’s attacks for the two of them. Because of that, and because he hadn’t received any news from him since, Charles suspected that he might already be dead. 
Old Maddy’s name wasn’t actually Old Maddy. He was known as that because his way of doing things was simply too outrageous. Yvette also trusted him the most. He was also someone who could throw his life away for Yvette’s sake. 
After Old Maddy attracted more firepower from the organization, Charles had left with the other person. He’d thought himself successful, but he didn’t expect that the mysterious organization would still catch him. 
Charles had become scared at that time. He knew very well just how fearsome the mysterious organization was. At that time, the mysterious organization had threatened him with his family. In the end, he chose to give in and told them about Yvette’s plans… 
After that, the mysterious organization had given him five million dollars. They only had one request for him, and that was—to tamper with Nora’s pregnancy and have her give birth to as many children as possible.
After he did all that, the mysterious organization knew that he was no longer of any use, so they began to hunt him down. During his escape, he met Jessica Stewart. In order to repay her for saving his life, he had given her the miraculous medicine that could help a woman give birth to triplets. 
He knew very well what the mysterious organization wanted, so how could he possibly allow Nora to fall for their tricks? 
With that thought in mind, Charles suddenly grinned. He looked at Nora and said firmly, “You gave birth to twins, not triplets.” 
Almost as soon as he said that, his vision blacked out and he fainted. 
In the last few moments before he passed out, he thought to himself: 
‘Ms. Nora can only, and must only give birth to twins. The existence of an extra child would be a catastrophe for her!’ 
Besides, the triplets were clearly a trap that the mysterious organization had set for her. How could he possibly allow the mysterious organization to succeed? After he said that, as though he had completed his life mission, he closed his eyes and said what he thought would be the last few words he would ever utter in this lifetime: “Ms. Nora, you don’t have to save me.” 
His life would probably come to an abrupt end at this moment, right? 
Back then, for the sake of his family, he had betrayed Yvette. But later on, his family had contracted an illness and died anyway. Their illness was incurable, but he knew that Yvette’s medical skills had been the culmination of the industry back then. Had she still been around, perhaps she could have saved his family… 
This was fate, he supposed.
And now, he could finally repay his debt to Yvette with his life. 
Twins, not triplets? 
Nora stood there dumbfounded and in disbelief. 
After doing a DNA test and discovering that Xander’s genes were 80% similar to hers, she could basically confirm Xander’s identity. 
Because complete strangers would never have such a high degree of similarity in their DNA. 
That was why she had told Justin that there was a 90% chance that he was their son. To be honest, at that time, she had more or less become convinced that she had given birth to triplets. 
Yet Charles was telling her that she didn’t have triplets? 
How did this… How could this happen?! 
Yet at the same time, she also felt a sudden sense of closure. 
Indeed, triplets were originally just her and Justin’s conjecture. It was also the best possible result for Xander. Neither of them wanted the other to have to suffer from having someone else’s child stuck in their family. 
Now it had been confirmed, what was she so sad about? 
Nora lowered her gaze and stared fixedly at the man in front of her. For some reason, she suddenly found herself very unhappy with the answer. 
She watched as doctors rushed up to them; she watched as everyone else rushed up to Charles; and she watched as he started to bleed from the nose, eyes, ears, and mouth…
People suffering from internal bleeding-and on top of that, those whose symptoms suddenly broke out in a short period of timewere very difficult to save. 
Charles also knew it himself. 
However… 
Nora suddenly stepped forward and followed the stretcher into the operating room. 
While on the way there, she stared hard at Charles. 
She wasn’t going to let him die-because she was not satisfied with his answer! 
– 
The next day. 
When a tired Nora walked out of the operating room, she immediately spotted Old Maddy, who was outside the operating room and staring at the door. The moment the door opened, Old Maddy stood up. The man in the hospital gown asked nervously, “Ms. Nora, I just heard that Charles was in a traffic accident. How is he?” 
Nora rubbed her temples and yawned sleepily. She looked at Old Maddy and suddenly replied, “He’ll be fine.” 
Old Maddy breathed a sigh of relief. 
But at the same time, he looked at her nervously and asked, “Then, have you asked him whether you gave birth to twins or triplets?” 
“Yes, I have.”
Nora replied. 
Old Maddy looked at her nervously. “Then you gave birth to…?” 
Seeing the anxiety in Old Maddy’s eyes, Nora kept quiet for a moment before she finally replied lazily, “He said I gave birth to twins.” “That’s great!” 
Old Maddy heaved a huge sigh of relief when he heard that. However, she seemed to notice that his reaction was a little inappropriate. 
Nora wanted to ask about it, but Old Maddy suddenly avoided the topic and said, “Ms. Nora, to be honest, you shouldn’t have saved Charles. I only just found out that he betrayed Ms. Yvette back then. What’s the point of saving a man like him?” 
After saying that angrily, without waiting for Nora to ask any further, he turned around and walked back to his ward. He said, “Sigh, I’ve become old. I’ve only just recovered, I’m going back to rest.” 
Nora stared at him from the back. 
Old Maddy and Charles must be hiding something from her, and it had something to do with whether she had given birth to twins or triplets. For some reason, it seemed like Old Maddy was really hoping that she didn’t give birth to triplets? 
She broke into a frown. 
At this moment, Lily walked out. 
When Nora was operating on Charles, Lily had been her assistant throughout the operation. Lily, who was very informed about Nora’s family affairs, asked, “Boss, should I still continue the DNA restoration?”
Nora was silent for a long while. After thinking for a while, in the end, she still said, “Yes, continue it.” 
She knew that Charles—and also, Old Maddy —both seemed to care for her and want to protect her. Thus, they hadn’t told her some things. 
But she was no longer the baby from back then who needed them to protect her. 
She had grown up and was strong and powerful enough. 
She could deal with everything herself. 
With that in mind, she followed Old Maddy leisurely into his ward. Old Maddy could only look back at her helplessly. “Ms. Nora,” he said. 
Nora sat on the sofa and rubbed her forehead, somewhat sleepy and extremely impatient due to not getting any rest. She slowly said, “I want the truth. Why do the two of you want me to have twins instead?” 
Old Maddy sighed and replied, “Ms. Nora, it’s not that we’re hoping for it, but rather, you indeed gave birth to twins. Didn’t Charles already say so? I was not with you back then!” 
Old Maddy really was unaware of the situation with the children. 
However… 
Nora suddenly changed the topic. “What exactly are you hiding from me?” 
Her words made Old Maddy choke on his breath. 
He started to muse again.
Nora was not in a hurry. She could sense that Old Maddy didn’t harbor any hostility towards her. He really was very loyal to her mother. 
She slowly said, “I want to know the truth.” 
Old Maddy’s jaw tensed up and he said, “Ms. Yvette left you a voice recording before she died. You must have listened to it over and over, right?” 
Nora nodded. 
Old Maddy then said earnestly, “Ms. Yvette said that before you become strong enough, there are some things that I can’t tell you.” 
When Nora heard this, she put down the leg that she had crossed over the other. 
She put her hands on the sofa’s armrest. Her cat-like eyes gleamed, and she was filled with self- confidence as she said, “I am already strong enough.” 
Old Maddy sighed. “Ms. Nora, there are so many strong and powerful people in the world. I know that your medical skills are the best in the world. In fact, one can even say that you are already on par with Ms. Yvette. But even so, she still wasn’t the mysterious organization’s match-because she was too obsessed with medicine back then, and ended up not dabbling in anything else. However, a truly powerful person needs to be impressive in all aspects. For example, martial arts? I won’t compare you with your predecessors. I heard that the most powerful martial artists of today are the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts and the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Can you beat them in a fight?” 
Nora: “!” 
“Another example would be the most popular and trendy things of today-computers. After I woke up, I found that society has undergone drastic changes over the past two decades. Computers were not
common at that time, but there are hackers everywhere now. I heard that the most awesome hackers now are Q and Y? Can you beat them when it comes to computer skills?” 
Nora: “” 
Seeing that Nora’s expression had frozen, Old Maddy thought that his words were taking effect, so he continued to painstakingly persuade her. He said, “Let’s not talk about such technical knowledge anymore, but just about fleeing. I recently learned that the most impressive international racer is Yanci. If you are in danger, can you drive as fast? Yanci can escape from the danger, but can you?” 
Nora: “” 
Old Maddy went on. “They are all experts in a single type of technical skill. There’s also one thing more absolute—in this world exists the most powerful organization, the Imperial League. Have you even heard of it? There are only a dozen or so people in the organization, and every single one of them is a big figure who can cause chaos with a flip of their hand! The global economic crisis in the 1970s was caused by none other than the Imperial League! It’s only when you join the Imperial League that you will truly be able to confront the mysterious organization, but Ms. Nora, can you do that?” 
Nora: “…” 
If one didn’t go into detail, she wouldn’t even realize that she had so many secret identities. 
Old Maddy was still going on. “There will always be someone better. Ms. Yvette was too arrogant, which led to her fall in the end. If you can achieve those things I just mentioned, then I will admit that you are strong enough, in which case, I will then tell you the truth.”
###Chapter 661
Chapter 661 How Can One Have So Many Secret Identities? 
There was a strange silence in the room all of a sudden. 
Seeing that Nora hadn’t said anything for a while, Old Maddy thought that she had received a huge mental blow because of what he said, so he sighed and comforted her. He said, “In any case, one can never compete with an organization just by themselves. Ms. Nora, don’t be discouraged. To be honest, you can also establish and build your own forces. If you can’t become a top-class hacker like Q and Y, then bring them under you! 
“As for the Imperial League, if you can get in touch with the members—even if it’s just a bit of contact with one of them-you can slowly try to grow and develop. When that happens, and we gain the ability to fight against the mysterious organization, I will tell you the truth! 
“You don’t have to think it is that difficult. Although it is certainly hard, we can take it slow. Even though I have already aged, you are still young. Five years, ten years… You still have a long way ahead of you. You will definitely find a chance somewhere!” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. Suddenly, she said, “There is indeed a chance.” 
Old Maddy: “” 
He was taken aback for a moment. Then, he heard Nora slowly say, “My hacking skills should be more or less on par with Y’s— because I am Q.” 
more 
Old Maddy was dumbfounded. 
But right after that, he heard something even more incredible.
“Well, it’s hard to fight against the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts because he won’t fight me. But I can’t fight the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts either, because I am Big Sister. Mm… I will strive to surpass myself every day.” 
Old Maddy: “!!!” 
He looked at Nora in shock, a look of disbelief coming over his countenance. His lips started to tremble, and then he saw the girl frown as she said, “As for the escape you mentioned, I’m afraid I won’t need that because I haven’t lost any fight before. My driving speed was used to chase after people instead.” 
Old Maddy: “…!!!” 
This time, Nora didn’t even need to reveal her secret identity. With his lips trembling, he was already asking, “Y-you are also Yanci?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora did feel that it was a little embarrassing to reveal her secret identities and all that. After all, it wasn’t quite appropriate of her to show off to him how amazing she was. 
It would be best if Old Maddy could guess the truth through what little she said. 
While she was thinking about it, she heard Old Maddy-whose lips were still trembling 
-speak again. He said, “But… but… the Imperial League…” 
As though it was nothing much, Nora said, “Oh, the boss of the Imperial League is King. This part is certainly a bit difficult.”
Old Maddy breathed a sigh of relief, but right after, he heard her slowly say, “After all, everyone in the Imperial League only interacts online. They rarely meet in person, so I indeed don’t know who King is. If they ever hold a gathering, I can compare myself with him and see which of us is more impressive.” 
Old Maddy: “” 
He became even more dumbfounded. His face, which was already disfigured in the first place, was unable to make expressions, easily making him seem dull and dimwitted. 
The man was even more dazed at the moment. 
In fact, he even swallowed and looked at Nora incredulously as he said, “You… You… You’re a member of the Imperial League?” 
“Yeah,” Nora stretched out her long and slender legs and said, “King invited me into the group five years ago.” 
Old Maddy: “!!!” 
He felt like he was really going crazy! 
His jaw had dropped and he couldn’t even say a single word as he stood there like a statue. 
Then, he heard Nora slowly say, “Mom said that I shouldn’t casually expose my identity if I’m not strong enough because it will put me in grave danger. Therefore, I have been using secret identities and living a low-key life all these years. Maybe you can tell me what else I am still not good enough at? And I’ll go and master it?” 
Nora seemed rather troubled. “When on earth can I be considered strong?” 
Old Maddy: “…”
Why did it feel like Ms. Nora was humble-bragging to him? 
Utterly stunned, he swallowed and said, “Ms. Nora, I need a bit of time to calm myself down.” 
Nora waved, gesturing to him to do whatever he wanted. 
Old Maddy walked back and forth in the room, occasionally sighing and looking at Nora in disbelief. He kept feeling like he was dreaming 
How could a person have that many secret identities?! 
Was this because of the gene serum that Yvette had injected into Nora back then to improve her IQ? But he clearly remembered that she had only injected a very, very small amount into her…
###Chapter 662
Chapter 662 King’s Identity! 
The room was filled with weird silence. 
Old Maddy, who had taken some time to calm himself down, suddenly said, “Let… let me go and rinse my face to clear my mind a little.” 
It seemed that even the amount of time he had spent calming himself down just now hadn’t allowed him to come to terms with the new information. 
He entered the bathroom in the ward in a daze and turned on the faucet. Then, he scooped a handful of icy-cold water and splashed it onto his face. 
As it turned out, during these twenty-odd years that he had been crazy, Ms. Nora had become this outstanding? 
If Ms. Yvette were still alive, she would probably be very glad to see this, right? 
Outside, Nora heard him turn on the faucet. Amid the sound of the water flowing and splashing, she seemed to hear Old Maddy’s sigh. 
A minute later, the sound of water flowing was still continuing. 
Seemingly sensing something, Nora sprung onto her feet and rushed straight into the bathroom-only to find that the window in the bathroom was wide open, and Old Maddy was already long gone! 
Nora frowned. 
She has been thinking about how Old Maddy and Charles seemed to be hiding something from her, but she didn’t expect Old Maddy to pull a disappearing act in this situation?
The first thing she did was observe the room. There were no signs of tussling, but the anti-theft barrier outside the window had been broken. 
This definitely was not something that could be done in just a minute… 
Nora frowned. At this moment, her cell phone beeped it was a text message from an unfamiliar number. It read: 
“Ms. Nora, even though you have already become very strong, you are still not strong enough to contend with the mysterious organization. Do not underestimate anyone in this world. Your next task is to become friends with King. Until then, do not go against the mysterious organization.” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and sent a reply: ‘Where are you? King and I are already friends. 
Five years ago, in order to make some money to feed Cherry, she had set up a stock market boom. Without risking anything of her own, she had used some lawful tricks in the stock market to make 75 million dollars. After that, King had taken the initiative to contact her and added her into the Imperial League. 
At the moment she entered the Imperial League, she had probably already become friends with King, right? 
Old Maddy replied: ‘Do you trust him?’ 
Nora was silent for a moment before she replied: ‘Yes.’ 
Old Maddy: ‘Then does he trust you?’ 
Nora thought for a while and replied: ‘Probably.’
At the very least, when King added her into the group, he’d said in private that everyone in the group should help one another out and be friendly towards one another. 
During the past five years, King hadn’t asked her to do anything. In the group, she was no different than a lurker. After observing the Imperial League for a whole five years, she found that the members of the organization were all very low-key, and they mostly talked about world economic trends. 
These people were in control of global economies. No matter what they did, they discussed everything properly with one another. Even if a dispute broke out, a single word from King was enough to shut them up. 
In her impression, the members of the organization were all very happy to help. Additionally, none of them had ever questioned information brought up by other members of the group. They had always given their fellow members unconditional trust. 
Therefore, Nora felt that she could trust King and that King would also trust her. 
After all, it wasn’t as if the two of them would have any financial dealings with each other. Besides, King was really very nice. He was the only one who knew what she was capable of, yet had never ever disturbed her sleep! Instead, just like that, he had allowed her to be a freeloader in the group 
But Old Maddy wasn’t satisfied with Nora’s reply. 
Old Maddy replied: “Ms. Nora, do not ever trust anyone. The same also goes for King! Also, the part that makes the mysterious organization powerful is not as simple as you think it is. I’m afraid even King wouldn’t want to be enemies with them. But unfortunately, if there is someone in this world who can help you beat the mysterious organization, then that person would undoubtedly be King.” Nora: “?” 
She had always felt that she was very ordinary and was not strong enough. That was why she had been keeping her secret identities well-protected and preventing them from becoming exposed, just so she
could avoid what her mother had warned her of. 
She would be in danger if anyone took notice of her. 
Thus, she frowned and sent another message: ‘How can I get King to help me?’ 
The mysterious organization had driven her mother to her grave. She had to avenge her. 
However, Old Maddy merely replied: “King will not help you-unless he is the children’s father. Only then will he have the same standpoint as you. Ms. Nora, heed my advice, don’t trust King unconditionally, let alone trying to avenge Ms. Yvette. Take the two children and Mr. Hunt with you and live out the rest of your life in the States peacefully! Ms. Yvette had never thought of having you take revenge for her. Don’t look for me, there are some things that I will do on your behalf. When it is time for me to appear, I will naturally show up in front of you. Also, if you are ever in trouble, you can contact me by posting a newspaper ad.” 
Nora hurriedly sent a message: ‘What are you going to do on my behalf?’ 
Old Maddy didn’t reply anymore. 
When Nora called him, she was informed that the other party had switched off their cell phone. 
vere 
She traced the location of the cell phone number, only to find that its coordinates were changing along with the flow of the sewer, indicating that Old Maddy had already removed the SIM card from the phone and tossed it into the sewer. 
Old Maddy was very professional-or at least, that was certainly the case when he was hiding from people.
Nora frowned. 
Five minutes later, Lily brought the surveillance camera footage from the hospital. 
After all, this was the Hunt Corporation’s private hospital. Here, Lily behaved almost as casually and naturally as she would at home. With just a word from her, the security guards had given her the surveillance camera footage without a question. 
Nora sat in Old Maddy’s ward and checked the footage. 
She found that after Old Maddy regained clarity of mind, the first thing he had done was check his surroundings. Every morning, when he went to the toilet at a fixed time, he would always carry a paring knife with him. 
Through the footage of the cameras on the outside, one would find that Old Maddy had been sawing at the anti-theft barrier every day when he went to the toilet. However, he also made sure the barrier stayed the way it looked. This way, when he needed to use it, the anti-theft barrier could be easily broken with just a bit of effort, thereby making it convenient for him to escape and preventing him from being trapped in the ward. 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
Old Maddy definitely hadn’t been trying to avoid her when he did all this. After all, his eyes were very gentle and void of hostility when he looked at her. 
So, these subconscious actions of his, as well as his uneasiness… Who was he hiding from? 
There was only one answer—the mysterious organization… 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
Yes, Old Maddy was constantly on guard against sneak attacks from the mysterious organization.
She lowered her eyes. 
To be honest, she had been somewhat underestimating the mysterious organization all this time. After all, when Trueman was in the country, he had almost been arrested and had been hiding from the special department the whole time, like a rat that could only live in the dark for life. 
It was only now that she suddenly realized the reason why her mother hadn’t worked with the Smiths to fight against the mysterious organization after she returned to the country—so that she wouldn’t implicate Ian. 
Why had her mother fled? 
Because the mysterious organization was too powerful! 
The mysterious organization had never been an organization that one had the luxury to underestimate! Otherwise, why would her mother be driven into a corner like that?! 
She felt that it seemed like she hadn’t taken the mysterious organization seriously all this time… 
From the very beginning, this way of thinking was wrong, terribly so. 
Old Maddy must have also sensed that from her. That was why he had refused to say anything and chosen to up and leave instead, right? 
But… just how capable was the mysterious organization? 
While Nora was musing over this, her phone rang-it was Justin. When she answered, his low voice came over the phone: “Old Maddy has escaped?” 
The ongoings in the Hunt Corporation’s private hospital would no doubt be reported to him at once.
“Yeah.” 
Nora replied dispassionately, but her voice was full of frustration. 
This was the first time she felt so powerless. 
Justin kept quiet for a while before he finally said, “I’ll get my men to look for him.” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
Nora stopped Justin. She said, “After so many years, he has finally become sober. It’s time that he sees to his own business.” 
Besides, going by Old Maddy’s professional, spy-like demeanor, it would be really hard to find him. 
Justin was taken aback for a moment. Then, he asked, “Then you’re not going to ask him what you want to know anymore?” 
When Nora heard this, she suddenly curled her lips into a smile. She raised her eyebrows and said with a smile, “He may have left, but isn’t there still another one here?” 
Old Maddy must have thought that Charles was doomed. Even if he came to, the cerebral hemorrhage would still make him a vegetable. But he definitely had no way of knowing that she had saved Charles’ life! 
What Old Maddy was trying to hide… 
Charles would definitely confess it all! 
Since he was someone capable of betraying her mother back then, Nora could guarantee that she would definitely be able to pry what she wanted out of his mouth!
When Justin heard this, he let out a low chuckle. “Yup, I knew my Nora was amazing, but I didn’t expect her to be this amazing. Given Charles’s situation, he was no different than a dead man, yet you managed to save him.” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
This straightforward compliment… Wasn’t it a little too… pleasant to the ears? 
The corners of her lips slowly curled upward. She suddenly said, “By the way, can I ask you about someone?” 
As the head of the number one family in the United States, Justin would probably know who King was, right?
###Chapter 663
Chapter 663 Build A Good Relationship With King 
Old Maddy had said that she would only be able to fight against the mysterious organization if King was willing to help her. 
Nora currently didn’t even know why she had to fight against the mysterious organization, let alone what exactly they were hiding. 
But she still wondered if she succeeded in building a good relationship with King, then did that mean Old Maddy would return? 
But how was she going to build a good relationship with King? She didn’t even know who he was! 
Justin was at least the head of the number one family in the country. Besides, Nora had been suspecting all this time that he was actually the person with the alias Eagle in the Imperial League. 
After all, there was no doubt that there were Americans in the Imperial League. 
Through her observations, over the years, even though both the Hunt Corporation and the Smith Corporation had made some bad investments, they had skillfully avoided the huge pitfalls that mattered the most. 
Although they had made great efforts to advertise how much they had lost, they had still profited overall. 
Their overall direction had not deviated from the right path. The small investment failures were just red herrings. Had Nora not been relatively sensitive to numerical data, she probably wouldn’t have noticed either. 
These two families definitely had a way to get news from the Imperial League.
Therefore, Justin and Joel must both be in the Imperial League, right? 
While she was thinking, Justin asked, “Who is it?” 
Nora asked, “Where are you?” 
“… At home.” 
“I’ll come to you. These things have to be said in person.” 
The Imperial League was not something that could be talked about casually. Moreover, when they joined the Imperial League, they had sworn that they would never expose the existence of the Imperial League to outsiders. 
It was just that she felt that Justin was Eagle, that was why she had decided to ask him about it. However, it indeed was not suitable to talk about it over the phone. 
Even Justin’s voice sounded a little more cheerful than before. He said, “Sure, come over to my place, then. Pete is here.” 
Nora: “?” 
She hesitated for a moment. “Why is Pete there?” 
Had she neglected her son because she was a little busier lately? 
A tinge of guilt suddenly formed in her. 
She was just thinking about it when Justin said, “Oh, the Hunts are having exams today. Cherry can’t cope.” 
Nora: “…”
She sighed silently. Suddenly, she asked, “How many people know about Pete and Cherry?” 
The fact that they were twins had not yet been disclosed to the public, but because everyone who should know about it was already in the know, Justin and Nora weren’t deliberately hiding it anymore. 
Justin answered, “All the Hunts know about it by now.” He had used the words “Hunts” and not “my family”. 
From the term of address alone, one could see that Justin actually did not have a strong sense of belonging to the Hunts. 
Nora wasn’t bothered about that, though. The Hunts’ power and authority had never been part of her consideration in being in a relationship with Justin anyway. Therefore, after uttering a “Hmm…”, she immediately said, “I’m coming over right away.” 
At the Hunts’ family school. 
Pete put down his pen after he finished the exams. When the bell rang, indicating that class was over, he handed in his papers and walked out of class. 
As soon as he went out, he saw Cherry sitting in the garden outside and playing games. At the sight of him, she rushed over excitedly and asked, “Are the exams over, Pete? Did you get a perfect score?” 
Pete replied, “Most likely.” 
“You’re so awesome, Pete!” Cherry the little bootlicker’s words of flattery started flowing as though they didn’t cost anything. She said, “Pete is the smartest big brother in the world! He’s also the most awesome big brother in the world!” 
Pete: “…” 
Although Cherry would always do this every time she saw him, he still wasn’t used to hearing such things from her. He silently changed the subject and lowered his voice. “Where is that little imp?” 
Cherry also lowered her voice. “He’s in the room. He has been surprisingly well-behaved, and hasn’t left his room all this time.” 
Well-behaved? 
Pete sneered, “He’s definitely just pretending to be well-behaved. C’mon, I will go and meet him. I will definitely expose his true colors!” 
Cherry nodded and followed behind him. 
When the two were about to leave the school, Fatty rushed over. “Pete, you little idiot, your position as successor to the family will be gone very soon. Nanny nanny boo-boo… That’s so awesome!” 
As soon as he said this, the rest of the children began to ask, “What happened?” 
Fatty replied, “Because Uncle Justin now has an illegitimate child, and he even brought him back home! Pete won’t be Uncle Justin’s only son anymore! They’re saying that the illegitimate child is not to be messed with. Pete, you’re finished!” 
“Pete is Daddy’s one and only successor. Xander is nothing. Don’t you dare talk nonsense!” 
Cherry got angry and stood in front of Pete. 
Fatty, however, became distracted. Ever since he realized that Cherry was a girl and was Pete’s younger sister, he had realized that the person playing games with him back then was actually Cherry! 
It was precisely this little liar who had bullied him. At the sight of Cherry, Fatty wanted to seek revenge even more. He shouted, “You must be Cherry, right? What gives you the right to look down on Uncle Justin’s illegitimate son? He’s at least a boy, but what about you? Uncle Justin has not even officially
introduced you to outsiders yet. You are just an illegitimate daughter who can’t even inherit anything! You can’t even compare to his illegitimate son!” 
Cherry: “” 
Her big dark eyes widened and she said, “Oh, I see! So, you are also an illegitimate son, Fatty! No wonder Uncle Roger has been treating you so badly!” 
Fatty retorted, “I’m not an illegitimate son! What nonsense are you saying?” 
Cherry said, “But you just said that because Daddy didn’t introduce me to outsiders, that makes me an illegitimate daughter. In that case, when has Uncle Roger ever introduced you to outsiders?” 
Fatty: “?” 
For a moment, he was actually stumped by Cherry’s fallacious argument. In fact, after thinking about it, he even felt that what she said was true! Why didn’t his father introduce him to outsiders and say that he was his son? 
Cherry tilted her head and continued. “Or are you not Uncle Roger’s son at all?” 
Fatty: “?” 
Cherry sighed. “I mean, look at how fat you are while Uncle Roger is so handsome. He’s more or less as handsome as Daddy, so how can you possibly be his son? Oh, I know! Uncle Roger must have found you somewhere outside and brought you back home, right?!” 
Fatty: “” 
He was close to tears. “I am my father’s son!”
Cherry asked, “How are you going to prove that?” 
Fatty was utterly stumped. Suddenly, he burst into tears, turned around, and ran out while yelling, “Daddy, am I your son or not?!” 
With just a few words, Cherry had driven Fatty away. She blinked with her big eyes at Pete and shook her head lightly. “Do people become stupid when they get fat, Pete?” 
Pete: “…” 
He took Cherry’s hand and said, “Alright, let’s go home!” 
He couldn’t be bothered to argue with Fatty. He just needed to casually do a little something and Fatty would have a hard time in school. 
But the sight of his younger sister standing up for him put him in a really good mood! 
Therefore, he would go home right away and teach Xander, who was making his sister feel troubled, a lesson! 
Hand in hand, the two kids hopped and skipped as they ran over to the villa where Justin lived. 
They didn’t even see that Justin was standing not far away. 
Nora’s car also happened to enter the Hunt Manor at this point.
###Chapter 664
Chapter 664 Birthday 
Nora drove straight to Justin’s villa. 
The moment she entered, someone had notified Justin of her arrival. So when Nora stopped the car, Justin was already in the parking lot waiting for her. 
When Nora got out of the car, she saw Justin looking a little serious. She subconsciously asked, “What’s wrong?” 
After a short silence, Justin replied, “I’m thinking of celebrating Cherry’s birthday.” 
Celebrating her birthday… 
Nora was taken aback for a moment. It was only then that she realized that it would be Cherry’s birthday in five days. 
Even though that day was Cherry’s birthday, it was also the day she had lost Pete. Thus, she rarely celebrated Cherry’s birthday in the past. 
Besides, when they were abroad, they had very few relatives with them. Every time it was Cherry’s birthday, her aunt would just prepare a small gift for her and buy her a cake. 
Going by what Justin had said, surely he wasn’t planning to hold a grand birthday party for her, right? 
What had happened? 
Nora looked at him hesitantly, only to see Justin sigh and quietly say, “I want to host a good birthday party and formally introduce Cherry and Pete to the public.”
In the past, he had kept Pete very well-protected and avoided letting outsiders know what he looked like in order to prevent him from being kidnapped. 
But now that Pete was five years old, there was no longer a need to continue hiding him. At the very least, it was time to let the New Yorkers familiarize themselves with Pete and Cherry. 
Just like Fatty said, the way he kept hiding them was as if he had no intention of acknowledging the two children. 
Nora didn’t know what had happened, but she would never to something that was dispensable to her but could put Cherry on cloud nine. 
That’s right, Cherry loved excitement. She had always envied how lively and exciting Princess Lucy’s birthdays were. Princess Lucy even had many people visiting her to give her birthday gifts, whereas she didn’t have any friends. 
She also wanted to wear a beautiful princess dress like a princess, and gracefully thank everyone for attending the party. 
Now, her father could finally make that wish come true for her. 
Nora asked, “Are you going to hold it at the Hunts’?” 
Justin nodded. “Yeah. I’ll let the butler handle it, you don’t need to worry about it.” 
Then there would be even less of a problem. 
Nora agreed to it at once. 
While the two talked, they started walking to the living room.
When they entered, they were just in time to see the three children sitting in the living room and playing with building blocks. 
Pete was arranging the blocks while Cherry and Xander were directing him from either side. 
“Pete, it seems like that block should be placed here.” 
“Hey, it’s obviously supposed to be placed here, isn’t it?” 
Pete kept a gentle expression on his face and looked at Cherry. He said, “I think Xander is right.” 
Cherry thought for a while and then said, “I think so too.” 
Xander: “?” 
Just as he was confused as to what was happening, Nora and Justin walked in. 
What landed in their eyes was the sight of the three little fellows having fun together. 
Both Nora and Justin were a little surprised. 
Both of them knew very well what the children they had raised were really like. 
From Nora’s perspective, Cherry was a man with the appearance of a girl who would never tolerate someone else taking her place. She would undoubtedly be full of hostility towards Xander. 
From Justin’s perspective, although his son was taciturn, he was, in fact, a very scheming boy. Coupled with his insecurities, he was very territorial.
The two children had only accepted each other so quickly because they simply looked so much alike, and also because they had the common experience of switching places with each other. 
But they were definitely not people who could easily accept another child! 
Justin and Nora looked at each other. Justin asked, “What are you guys doing?” 
Cherry immediately raised her little head. “Daddy, we’re playing together. Pete and I both like our little brother Xander very much-“ 
Xander frowned at once. “I told you, I’m older!” 
Cherry sighed helplessly. “In that case, when were you born? I was born on September 8. It will be my birthday in five days- Oh, yes, it will also be Pete’s birthday! We are twins, so we have the same birthday! What about you?”
###Chapter 665
Chapter 665 Pete’s Little Sneaky Thoughts 
When Cherry asked the question, Nora immediately looked at Xander. 
Birthday? 
That’s right, she wondered when Xander was born? If he shared the same birthday as Cherry and Pete… then would that also explain a little something? 
But when Xander heard Cherry asking about his birthday, he was slightly taken aback. 
Then, he lowered his head, coughed, and said, “I don’t have a mother, so how would I know when my birthday is?” 
Cherry blinked. 
Pete walked over and said, “Then why don’t we celebrate our birthday together? I have never celebrated my birthday before either.” 
Xander immediately looked up. “Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
Xander’s eyes lit up at Pete’s answer. 
He raised his chin and said proudly, “Okay then!” 
Pete then looked at Justin. “Daddy, can the three of us celebrate our birthday together this year?” 
Seeing how the three children seemed to be having fun, Justin narrowed his eyes and suddenly smiled. “Sure.”
After agreeing to the children’s request, he went upstairs with Nora. 
After all, he and Nora still had things to talk about! 
It seemed that Nora had wanted to ask him about someone just now? 
The two adults went upstairs. After they disappeared from the corridor, the smiles on Pete and Cherry’s faces instantly disappeared and they looked at Xander hostilely. 
Cherry asked, “Pete, why are you letting him celebrate his birthday with us?” 
Pete replied softly, “If I don’t invite him, Daddy will sympathize with him because he looks so pitiful. Once he does, Daddy will become biased! And this will be unfair to Mommy!” 
Cherry was enlightened. “No wonder you told me to be nice to him in front of Daddy! If we bully him, Daddy will also feel bad for him, right?” 
Pete nodded. “Yeah.” 
The little fellow was very sensitive. This was the strategy he had devised. 
After the two spoke, they both looked at Xander. 
Xander was pointing at a block. “Put this one here…” 
“Okay.” 
However, Pete instead tossed the block in his hand onto the table and said, “This is so boring. You can play by yourself.” 
Xander: “” 
He touched his nose.
Tsk. 
What was that brat being so arrogant for? If it weren’t for Cherry, would he be playing such childish games with him?! 
– 
Elsewhere, after going upstairs, Justin was still afraid that Nora would think too much, so he explained, “Pete is very sensitive. Although he seemed to be defending Xander just now, he probably had some sneaky little plan in mind. I could only agree to it. When the time comes… I can find an excuse to trick Xander into leaving the house and we can just celebrate Cherry and Pete’s birthdays instead.” 
He didn’t want Nora to feel uncomfortable, nor did he want her to think that he was already putting Xander on the same level as Cherry and Pete when they hadn’t even confirmed the boy’s identity yet. 
To be honest, Justin still had conflicting emotions even now. 
He had deliberately lessened his contact with Xander at home precisely because he was afraid of developing feelings for him. 
Should Xander’s mother turn out to not be Nora, he felt that he might just raise the child but would never really accept him. 
He knew that this was very unfair to Xander. 
But if he treated Xander like his own and kept him by his side, the one suffering justice would then end up being Nora. 
There was no way to have one’s cake and eat it too.
Neither would he throw the problem to Nora. Therefore, he would make the choice himself. 
When Nora heard this, she was silent for a moment. 
To be honest, she did not actually feel much hostility towards the boy. 
Besides, even though Charles said that she had given birth to twins, she couldn’t help but keep feeling like Xander was also her child. 
This feeling was becoming more and more intense with each meeting. 
If they only celebrated the twins’ birthday and neglected Xander… 
Nora lowered her eyes. After they went upstairs, the first thing she did was to take out her cell phone and call Lily. 
Lily answered very quickly. “Boss, what’s up?” 
“When can you complete Xander’s DNA restoration?” 
Lily replied, “In a week at the latest, and that’s if I work overtime. And Boss, you can’t ask me to do anything else within the week.” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment before she said, “Alright.” 
Then, she suddenly asked, “When will Charles wake up?” 
Lily heaved a silent sigh. “See, Boss? This is already another task. For now, it seems that he may wake up within the week.” 
Nora said, “Okay, either you finish restoring Xander’s DNA within five days or you get Charles to wake up within five days.”
Lily: “…” 
If Xander really was her son, then she couldn’t celebrate only the twins’ birthday. Therefore, this must be confirmed before their birthday.
###Chapter 666
Chapter 666 The Same Birthday 
After hanging up the phone, Nora followed Justin into the study. 
Justin closed the door thoughtfully and looked at her with a smile. “What do you want to ask me?” 
He was very happy. 
He felt that Nora was finally willing to talk to him when she met with a problem. This feeling of being needed gave him an indescribable sense of satisfaction. 
Nora didn’t understand what he was smiling at. Instead, she looked at him. 
Suddenly, she asked, “Do you know Eagle?” 
Justin was taken aback for a moment. He asked hesitantly, “What?” 
Nora was also a little surprised seeing his expression. 
Justin had always been very relaxed in front of her, but when she said the codename ‘Eagle’ just now, Justin did not react? 
Wasn’t he Eagle? 
During her hesitation, Justin asked again, “What Eagle? A codename ‘Eagle’? What organization is he from? That codename is too common. There are a lot of…” 
Although there was an Eagle in the Imperial League, the codename was simply too common. He needed to ask and properly clarify. 
However, his reaction made Nora even more certain that he was not Eagle.
Nora kept quiet for a long while. 
When they joined the Imperial League, they had sworn that they would not tell outsiders about its existence. They were allowed to use the information they got from the organization to help their relatives, but they were not allowed to reveal the source of the information. 
Outside, they were not allowed to mention the Imperial League. 
Earlier, she had thought that Justin was Eagle, that was why she had told him that she wanted to ask him about someone. 
But if Justin was not Eagle, then she was not allowed to talk to him about anything regarding the Imperial League, let alone ask him who King was. 
Nora had always been a rule-abiding person. 
Therefore, in the end, she chose not to ask about it anymore. She said, “Never mind, it’s nothing.” 
Justin: “?” 
He wanted to say something, but the butler was knocking on the door. He had to let him in. 
The butler asked, “Sir, did you need something?” 
Justin thought for a while and replied, “I will hold a birthday party for Pete and Cherry to celebrate their fifth birthday in five days. Make the necessary preparations.” 
His words made the butler bewildered. 
For wealthy families like the Hunts, if they wanted to hold a birthday party, they would have to make reservations and other arrangements in advance. After all, it would be too late for them to custom-make anything now.
But since Justin had said the word, then even if it was too late, they had to make it happen in time. 
The butler asked, “Is it a grand party or a small one?” 
Justin replied, “Send an invite to all our friends and family.” 
It wasn’t necessary to invite his business associates. He was indeed planning to introduce Cherry to everyone, but there was no need to invite that many people. 
Even so, after inviting all of his friends and family… It would still be a medium-sized party. 
For the Hunts, they could expect almost a thousand guests for a medium-sized party. 
Although the butler was troubled, he nevertheless immediately lowered his head and said, “Yes, sir.” 
He was in a hurry to leave after saying that, so he asked, “Do you have any other orders, sir?” 
“No.” 
“Okay, then I will go and make preparations right away.” 
He would have to busy himself with preparing the party invitations, the menu, as well as all the servants’ deployment. Moreover, as there would be a lot of guests on that day, he would also have to prepare sufficient parking space and arrange for security personnel. 
The Hunts would probably be very busy soon. 
Justin’s one-liner had quite literally put the butler up to his ears in work! 
Before leaving the room, the butler suddenly stopped and looked back at Justin. He asked, “Is the birthday party for Mr. Pete and Ms. Cherry?”
“Yeah,” replied Justin with a nod. 
With that, the butler understood and went out. 
Elsewhere, after Nora was done dealing with her affairs, she didn’t stay any longer. After all, she had ended up wasting some time giving Charles medical treatment. Thus, she was going home to sleep. 
The strange thing, though, was that Pete, who usually followed her everywhere, had actually taken the initiative to say that he wanted to stay at the Hunts, saying that if he went with her to the Smiths, he might affect Nora’s rest. 
Nora could only agree to his request. After thinking about it, she asked Pete to the side and said earnestly, “Pete, don’t bully the boy, okay?” 
Pete fell silent for a moment when he heard her. Then, he tilted his head and asked, “But what if he bullies Mommy?” 
Nora smiled and ruffled his hair. Her voice was very low but reassuring as she said, “I know Pete is a filial boy, but no one is capable of bullying Mommy. Okay?” 
Pete looked up at her. 
Nora was very tall. He was only as tall as her waist at the moment. In his eyes, his Mommy was gentle and strong. 
Pete had never needed anyone or anything to give him cover, but in front of his mother, he abandoned all his sneaky thoughts and conspiracies, wanting only to be the most well-behaved child in front of her. 
He relaxed and nodded. “Okay, Mommy!” 
After she left, Pete and Cherry came together again.
Cherry asked, “Pete, are we still going to drive Xander away?” 
Pete kept quiet for a long while before he finally replied, “Let’s put all our plans on halt for now. We’ll take action only if Xander bullies Mommy, or if Mommy suffers injustice because of him! We absolutely won’t tolerate his existence in the family!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
Cherry clapped. But then, she suddenly realized something-why was she so happy that they weren’t driving Xander away anymore? 
It must be that she found Xander really pitiful because he didn’t have a mom! 
She would never ever admit that she did like Xander a teeny-weeny little bit! After the two children spoke to each other, they went up the stairs hand in hand to play in the room upstairs. 
Neither of them saw Xander walking out from the side. 
He stared angrily in the direction where the twins had left. 
He was even holding his favorite book about human anatomy, as well as a doll detailing a human’s body structure. 
Initially, for Cherry’s sake, he had wanted to make friends with Pete. Even though Pete said that it was very boring playing building blocks with him, he had gone back upstairs to fetch his favorite toy. 
But he hadn’t expected to hear such conversation. 
They wanted to drive him away? 
They were too much!
They were all Daddy’s children, and this was also Daddy’s home. Why should he be driven away just because he didn’t share the same birthday as them? 
The little boy clenched his fists. Suddenly, he turned and went back upstairs. 
After entering his bedroom, the angry Xander threw the doll in his hand onto the floor. At once, the doll broke into pieces. 
A hostile look flashed across Xander’s eyes. 
At this moment, his cell phone rang. 
Xander picked up the call. Trueman’s somewhat evil and slightly shrill voice came from the other side. “My dearest Xander, how have you been?” 
“… Fine. By the way, Dad, when is my birthday?” 
When Trueman heard this, he paused. Suddenly, he chuckled and replied, “September 8. Why?” 
September 8! His birthday was the same as Cherry and Pete’s!
###Chapter 667
Chapter 667 He’s Not An Illegitimate Child! 
Xander was stunned. He chose not to tell Trueman the truth but instead replied, “It’s nothing.” 
Then, he suddenly asked, “Daddy, do you think I really won’t be able to get along with my new father?” 
Trueman sneered, “Of course. Do you think Justin Hunt treats you well?” 
Xander thought for a moment and answered, “Not too well, but not that bad either, I suppose!” 
“Then what about Nora Smith?” 
Xander tilted his head and answered, “She treats me okay too. She didn’t drive me away, nor did she quarrel with Justin to get him to send me away. Instead, she’s very calm, as if she doesn’t care about my existence.” 
“Really?” 
Trueman sounded a little unhappy. “That woman sure is big-hearted. Or should I say that she doesn’t love Justin Hunt at all? Otherwise, why wouldn’t she care that her man has another child?” 
Xander touched his nose and suddenly asked, “Is there a chance that she thinks I’m cute, so she can’t bear to do anything to me?” 
“Heh,” Trueman suddenly laughed. “Do you think a woman would find her husband’s illegitimate child cute?” 
Xander felt very uncomfortable being called an illegitimate child. 
But he didn’t get angry.
Because Trueman was right. 
He didn’t have a mother but was instead Justin’s child from some unknown woman. Didn’t that make him an illegitimate child? 
Trueman went on. “Don’t be fooled by their superficial actions. Adults’ affairs are much more complicated than you think. They don’t care about you at the moment only because you haven’t grown up; you’re not a threat to Peter Hunt’s position yet. If you become outstanding enough to become the next heir to the Hunts, do you think they would still treat you well?” 
For a while, Xander didn’t speak. 
Trueman scoffed, “Have you forgotten about Prince Charlie? He is also an illegitimate child. His stepmother deliberately raised him into a good-for-nothing… That’s why you must find a way to drive Pete out of the Hunts! This is the only way you can become Justin Hunt’s only son, understand?” 
Xander narrowed his eyes. “Yes, Daddy.” 
Although he felt that Trueman was wrong, he did not refute him. 
Since he was a baby, he had known that there would only be severe punishment waiting for him if he rebutted his father’s words. 
He heaved a small sigh. 
Then, he stood up and walked out. He was going to tell them that his birthday was also on September 8, so they could hold the birthday party together. 
Xander had long forgotten Trueman’s instructions. 
The excited boy went to look for Pete and Cherry, but when he walked up to the door of the room where Pete and Cherry were, he was instead stopped by a few children.
These children were all from his uncles and aunts’ families. They were about ten years old, so they roughly knew what they were doing. From a young age, their parents had told them to curry favors with Pete and had also forbidden them from bullying him. 
When they heard that Pete was back, they specially came over to play with him. 
However, they didn’t expect Pete to refuse visitations again. This made them feel rather bored. 
Just when they were about to leave, they happened to run into Xander. 
A kid said very loudly, “Is that Uncle Justin’s illegitimate son?” 
Someone replied, “He does look a little like Uncle Justin, but what a pity that he is a little bastard without a mother! There’s no way he can inherit the Hunts!” 
“Yes, yes! I even heard that he grew up with monsters in the wild. Can you speak human language?” 
“C’mon, make a sound and let us hear it…” 
The few of them surrounded Xander. They pushed him and bullied him. “Xander, right? Who is your mother?” 
“He doesn’t have a mother, and he doesn’t even know when his birthday is! So, did he pop out of a rock?” 
“Are you here to play with Pete? What makes you think you can play with him? Are you worthy of playing with him? He is the rightful son of the master of the household, what about you? You’re an illegitimate child! You can’t even compare to Pete’s little finger!”
“Why are you keeping quiet? Are you stupid? Pete is the smartest of us all, you know! I bet your IQ is not even a fraction of his. Also, do you know a birthday party will be held in a few days? Uncle Justin is holding it so that he can announce to everyone that Cherry is his daughter! It has nothing to do with an illegitimate child like you!” 
The children were just repeating what they had secretly heard from the adults. 
A boy named Xander had arrived, and everyone was talking about him. When someone asked if Pete’s status would be threatened, everyone had immediately refuted him. 
Not only had Pete exhibited a high IQ since he was a baby, but his mother was even the young lady of the Smiths. With a status like hers, how would she not be able to protect Pete? 
Therefore, everyone looked down on Xander. 
The children’s words made Xander clench his 
fists. 
He stared at the kids in front of him. Although he wanted very much to charge forward and scratch their faces, he couldn’t do that. Every one of them was much stronger than him. 
He focused on the leader of the group. 
The kid was mocking him. He said, “Did you grow up with cats and dogs? Do you sleep together with them? Then can you talk like a 
dog?” 
Xander narrowed his eyes and touched his nose. Suddenly, he smiled and replied, “Of course. Not only can I talk like a dog, but I can even…”
He whispered something. 
The leader of the children immediately took a step forward and asked curiously, “What else do you know?” 
Xander grinned. “Come over here, I’ll only tell you about it.” 
“Okay.” 
The child leaned into his face. The next moment, Xander’s sharp little teeth clamped down on his ear! 
“Ahhh!” An ear-piercing scream went right through the roof into the high heavens. 
The kid shoved Xander away, but he didn’t let go. The rest of the children rushed forward and started beating Xander up, but Xander still refused to let go. 
It wasn’t until his teeth had pierced all the way through the child’s ear that he finally let go. He ignored the pain all over his body. 
He grinned and said, “In addition to knowing how to bark like a dog, I also know how to bite like one.” 
He stretched out his hand and looked at the others. “Who’s the next one that wants to be bitten?” 
Xander had blood at the corner of his lips at the moment. After saying that, his malevolent eyes looked at the other children. When the children saw the boy bleeding profusely, they became so frightened that they dispersed at once. “Run!” 
Even the child who was bitten held his ear and rushed out with the other children. 
Seeing them leave, Xander wiped the corners of his mouth. He rolled his eyes and walked towards Justin’s study.
He was going to tell his father that his birthday was also on September 8 and that he was not an illegitimate child! 
He would get his father to announce to everyone on his birthday that he was his son! 
In the study. 
The seated Justin was musing after he saw Nora off. 
He wondered when Xander’s birthday was… 
If it was also September 8, then it would pretty much confirm that Nora was his mother too…
###Chapter 668
Chapter 668 Who’s The Naughty Boy? 
Xander hid outside the door and secretly observed Justin. 
He saw the man frowning, seemingly troubled. The man looked like he was contemplating, and while he did, he kept touching his nose. 
Xander’s hand, which was also touching his nose, paused. He blinked and put his hand down. 
Before coming, he had wanted to tell the tyrant about his birthday and also wanted to get him to publicly announce that Xander was also Justin’s son on that day. 
But after he arrived, he was a little afraid to go in. 
What if Daddy Tyrant refused to celebrate his birthday for him even after he told him about his birthday? 
He spent too much time thinking about it. Suddenly, he heard a commotion coming from a distance away. Xander turned over to see that the group of misbehaving kids who had just left had returned! 
It was just that this time, they had also brought their parents with them. 
Jack Hunt, the leader of the group and the boy whose ear Xander had bitten, was crying. His eyes had become completely red. He held his mother’s hand as he walked over. His ear hadn’t been bandaged yet. Although he wasn’t bleeding anymore, the wound still looked shocking 
As soon as he walked over, Jack pointed at Xander and complained, “Mommy, that’s him! He’s the one who bit my ear!”
Jack was a child from the Hunts’ side family. His family had attached themselves to the main family and depended on them for their livelihood. 
SO 
Jack’s mother could also be considered someone from a wealthy and prestigious family. She looked straight at Xander, her finger nearly jabbing his face as she demanded, “What’s the matter with you, kid? What makes you think you can bully my son? Can’t you talk it out properly with them? Did you have to bite him? Are you a dog?” 
Her voice was rather loud, causing everyone around them to look over. 
Because they were at the door to Justin’s study, Justin also heard the commotion. He opened the door. 
When Jack’s mother saw Justin, she immediately started crying. She said, “Justin, look! That boy nearly bit off Jack’s ear! He is too much!” 
She cried and said, “My little Jack has always been a sensible boy. Because he’s a few years older, I’ve always told him to give in to Pete and keep him happy-after all, Pete is still young. But how can this little devil be so naughty? How can he be so quick to bite other people? He’s too much!” 
Justin frowned and looked at Xander. 
He’d had relatively little contact with Xander during this period, so he didn’t actually know what the boy was like. 
However, a child that Trueman had brought up would undoubtedly be a little unorthodox. 
What stood out, in particular, was the time when he first arrived at the Hunt Manor. When the bodyguard tried to take a sample of his DNA, the boy had bitten the bodyguard’s hand and almost broke it. 
After that, his personality and way of handling things became even more unpredictable.
But when Justin interrogated Ruth, he realized that Ruth had abused the boy before. That must be how Xander had developed such a vicious and cruel personality despite his young age. 
He narrowed his eyes and looked at Xander. He asked, “Did you bite him?” 
Xander’s eyes widened. 
He looked at Jack’s mother, and then back at Justin. 
The other boy’s mother had defended her son right away when something went wrong, but what about his Daddy Tyrant? 
Xander suddenly became very angry. 
He clenched his jaw, lifted his chin, and nodded stubbornly. “Yeah, I did.” 
He hated being looked down upon the most. 
Therefore, after he spoke, he even grinned at Jack and said, “Ha, you are already ten years old while I am only five, yet you can’t beat me in a fight. That’s already embarrassing enough, yet you even ran to your mommy just because you couldn’t beat me? What kind of man are you?!” Jack: “!!” 
Upon being ridiculed, he felt even more aggrieved. He hugged his mother at once and burst into tears. 
Jack’s mother’s eyes reddened. “You saw that, right, Justin? That boy is simply too arrogant, his upbringing is horrible! He shows no sign of remorse! Justin, you have to stand up for Jack! They are all children of the Hunts. Even if he is the clan head’s son, he can’t just bully other people so casually!” 
Justin narrowed his eyes and looked at Xander. He asked, “What exactly is going 
on?!
He didn’t know what had happened. Even if he was prejudiced against the boy, he couldn’t just assume so easily that Xander was in the wrong. 
But he was asking the wrong person. 
If it was Pete, Pete would think that his father was asking him about what had happened, and would explain everything clearly and truthfully. 
But the one he was asking was instead Xander… 
The boy was sensitive. Without the love and care from a mother, he had grown up relying only on himself. When he met with trouble, all he knew was to shoulder everything head-on by himself. 
Justin’s question broke his heart. 
To think he didn’t trust him. 
Ha, what’s the use of having a father like that?! 
His gaze turned cold straightaway. The little fellow scoffed and ignored Justin. Instead, he looked straight at Jack. “Yeah, I bullied you. So? Weren’t you asking for it? It’s your ear this time, but next time… Heh!” 
Jack was so scared that he took a step back. 
Xander became smug at once. 
However, Jack’s mother stood right in front of Jack. She pointed at him and yelled, “You’re really a wild child from god knows where! You have no manners whatsoever!”
Xander folded his little arms. “What are manners? After all, I don’t have a mother. Even though I have a father, he is pretty much non-existent too. Without anyone to teach me, how would I have any manners? If you find me an eyesore, then why don’t you hit me?! But do you dare to? I’m Justin’s son, you know! If you have the guts, then just slap me across the cheek instead of prattling on and on forever over there!” 
The child’s attitude made Justin’s expression darken. 
Xander was simply too arrogant and domineering. There was no trace of Pete’s temperament in him at all. His expression turned cold and he said, “Xander, I’ll give you one more chance. Tell me what exactly happened!” 
“What happened? Nothing much? It’s just what you saw. I, your son, bullied someone What? Do you also want to hit me?” 
Xander said stubbornly, “What gives you the right to lecture me? Have you ever raised 
me?” 
Justin clenched his jaw. Suddenly, he narrowed his eyes and said, “Aren’t you living in the Hunt Manor right now?” 
His one-liner made Xander even more sensitive. 
He looked at Justin angrily. 
What Jack and the other children said just now resounded in his ears: “… Uncle Justin is holding the birthday party so that he can introduce Cherry to everyone! Who do you think you are? You are just an illegitimate son! Uncle Justin has never thought of acknowledging you as his son at all!” 
And sure enough! 
He must be trying to drive him away!
Xander clenched his fists and sneered, “Really? But aren’t I living in the Hunt Manor because you begged my father to send me here?” 
Seeing how stubborn he was, and how he simply refused to tell him anything, the big and tall Justin slowly squatted down. He said, “Xander, I hope you can talk to me if you meet with trouble. Don’t learn from Trueman…” 
But before he could finish, Xander slapped him and then took a step back. “What did I learn from him? My father was the one who brought me up, so I would definitely be like him! I was born a bad person! You really wish you could get rid of a son like me, right? I don’t want a father like you either! I didn’t want to come back here at all! It’s all because you used Aunt Ruth to force me back here! If you find me annoying, then why don’t you send me back?! In my heart, my only father is Trueman Yale!” 
After saying those extreme things, Xander stared at Justin stubbornly. 
Justin: “…” 
He fell silent. 
With Xander behaving like this, he suddenly didn’t know how to communicate with him. 
Instead, he got back up and looked at Jack’s mother. 
Jack’s mother shouted, “You saw that, right? Justin? Having a child like him at home really makes me so scared. Since he can bite my son today, then he may just bite someone else tomorrow. We are not part of the main family, so I can put up with it. But what if he bites Pete?” 
Justin frowned. Then, the woman added, “And what if he bites Cherry?” 
That one line of hers made Justin’s gaze turn cold.
Fights among little boys were nothing much, but if it involved Cherry… He looked straight at Xander. “No matter what the reason, you are not allowed to bite anyone in the future!” 
Xander looked at him angrily. “Heh, how can a dog’s son not bite?”. 
His words made Justin frown again. “Xander! Yale!” 
Xander stood there stubbornly, the expression on his little face all strained. 
Jack’s mother sighed. “Don’t ask him about it anymore, Justin. I’ve already found out what happened. Jack came over to visit Pete and play with him, but Xander saw him. He rushed over immediately and said that he is also your son, so he also has the right to order them around. He wanted Jack to play with him, but Jack refused, so he bit him…” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. He stared at Xander and asked once more, “Is that what happened?” 
He wanted to know the truth. 
The child was still young. Some habits could be corrected. Who Trueman had led astray could also be forced back onto the right path. 
However, Xander did not speak. 
Jack’s mother suddenly turned to look somewhere. At the sight of something, she immediately said, “Justin, even if you don’t believe us, won’t you believe Pete? Pete, quick, come here and tell your father what happened just now. Did Xander bully Jack?!” 
Hearing this, Justin looked into the distance to see that Pete and Cherry had also heard the commotion and walked over.
After they approached, Justin looked straight at Pete and asked, “Is that what happened?” 
He trusted Pete. 
Because he had brought him up. 
Jack’s mother was relieved. Pete had never been a kind and sweet dimwit. Rather, he was very clever. He understood the power of such schemes and conspiracies very well. 
Besides, Jack had said that Pete wanted to drive Xander away. Wasn’t this exactly a great opportunity for him to do that? 
Therefore, as long as Pete was not stupid, he would know what to say. By virtue of the incident, Jack would also be able to cling to Pete. When they grew up, his life in the Hunts would also improve! 
Jack’s mother made beautiful plans in her mind and looked at Pete expectantly.
###Chapter 669
Chapter 669 This Family Is Actually Not That Bad Either 
Jack’s mother had not taken her child to the hospital to have his wound dressed right away in order to please Pete. 
For so many years, their family had been trying their best to turn Jack into Pete’s right-hand man. Unfortunately, both Pete and Justin were very indifferent to others. 
This was especially true since Pete also had mild autism, which led to him not having anyone close at home. 
That was why Jack’s mother saw this incident as an opportunity, despite his injury. 
She said, “Yeah, Pete, tell him what happened. Quick, tell your dad just how annoying that boy is. He often loses his temper and bullies others for no reason. He’s too domineering. He’s also very savage and has no manners whatsoever. Get your father to kick him out of the house, or take him out and have him educated before he moves back in! Otherwise, with so many children in the house, who knows who would be bitten next?” 
Her hints were already so obvious. Pete should have understood. 
Yet Pete didn’t speak. 
Jack’s mother was stunned. Suddenly, she realized that perhaps Pete didn’t want to be involved in the dispute. If word got around that it was Pete who had driven Xander away, his reputation would be badly affected. 
She narrowed her eyes at once, feeling like she had ultimately still underestimated Pete. 
His skill at infighting within the household was simply too great. 
He was planning to just watch from the sidelines. 
But since she wanted to express her loyalty to him, Jack’s mother spoke presumptuously again. “I suddenly remembered something. Pete had been busy when Jack came to visit him. Pete, did you not see them fighting?” 
As soon as she said that, Pete suddenly replied, “I did.” 
Jack’s mother was taken aback, but then she immediately became overjoyed. “Then hurry up and tell your father what the truth is!” 
Pete was really getting involved? 
She was ecstatic. Elsewhere, Xander looked at Pete and thought of the conversation held overheard just now. 
Pete wanted to drive him away. 
Just like Daddy said, no one in this family welcomed him. He was just an extra. The woman’s children were undoubtedly filled with hostility towards him. 
Ha. 
Did they think that he wanted to be here? 
Xander lifted his chin and turned his head stubbornly to the side. Then, he heard Pete say, “It was indeed Xander who bit Jack’s ear.” 
Xander clenched his little fists and became even more disdainful.
He snorted coldly. “Yeah, I bit him. What about it? If you’re that great, then why don’t you…” 
Before he could finish, Pete went on. “But it was Jack who picked a fight first. He called Xander an illegitimate child who didn’t have a mother and even said that Daddy won’t want him and would throw him out. The group of them even beat Xander up. Xander only bit him in self-defense.” 
As soon as he said that, everyone present fell silent. 
Everyone looked at Pete incredulously. 
After giving a clear account of what had happened, Pete didn’t speak any more. Instead, he took a step back and exchanged a look with Cherry. 
Cherry had a big smile all over her face, and she gave her brother a big thumbs-up. 
Pete raised his eyebrows. 
The boy who used to be frosty and autistic in the past could now exchange vivid and enthused looks with others. 
Jack’s mother was dumbfounded. She stood where she was in a daze and looked at Pete in disbelief. She swallowed. “Pete, do you know what you just said?” 
Pete lowered his eyes. “Yes, I do.” 
Although he did want to drive Xander away, it wasn’t going to be through such despicable means. Besides… 
A tinge of anger flashed across Pete’s eyes.
Xander was Daddy’s son. He only wanted to drive him away because he was worried that his existence would affect Mommy’s emotions. 
But this did not mean that outsiders could bully him! 
If Xander was up to no good, or if he made Mommy uncomfortable, then Pete definitely would not be soft-hearted. However, he couldn’t lie in this instance. 
Justin looked at the son, whom he had brought up, with satisfaction. 
No matter the situation, Pete had never disappointed him. He would play little tricks to make him neglect Xander a little, but in the face of what was right and wrong, he was never ambiguous. 
He ruffled Pete’s hair gently. Then, he looked at Jack’s mother. With a sharp look in his eyes, he said, “It seems like Gordon has been a little too busy lately. That must be why he hasn’t been educating Jack properly. In that case, I’ll just let him come back and spend some quality time with his son!” 
Gordon Hunt was Jack’s father. 
Although he wasn’t a prized member of the company or family, Justin would still assign him some jobs and projects so that he could earn a bit of extra money from them. 
But now that they had the audacity to call Xander an illegitimate child… 
In that case, he didn’t need to continue with those jobs and projects anymore. 
Justin could dislike and ignore his son-in fact, he could even lecture him—but other people were not allowed to! 
As soon as Justin said that, blood drained from Jack’s mother’s face. She said, “Justin, I… I… Let me explain…”
“I only believe what Pete says.” 
Justin interrupted her. Then, he looked at the butler. “Since Jack misbehaves so much, he needs to be educated properly. Don’t let him attend classes at the Hunts’ private school for a while.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
The butler answered. Then, with a wave, security officers rushed in. They grabbed Jack and his mother immediately and took the two of them out. 
Jack’s mother was dumbfounded. 
All the children of the Hunts studied in the Hunts’ private school in order to build relationships with one another. After all, there were fewer and fewer people in the direct lineage. If the people in the side families were too far away, who would still remember them in the future? 
Yet Justin had straight-up barred Jack from attending classes with just a word! 
This showed that the Hunts were intending to abandon their family. 
She screamed and cried. She wanted to apologize, and she wanted to speak, but Justin didn’t give her the opportunity to. He drove them out straight away. 
Xander stared blankly at everything happening in front of him. 
He hadn’t expected Pete to speak up for him, nor had he expected the tyrant to deal with the problem like that. 
He remembered that he had also fought with a kid before in the past, but Daddy Trueman had told him that he had to find a way to deal with it himself. If he beat them up and made them bleed, then they
wouldn’t dare to bully him anymore. 
It was only then that Xander had started attacking others. In the beginning, he only used his tiny little fists. It was only when he found that it didn’t make the other party bleed that he started to bite. 
Every time he bit someone and made them bleed, Trueman would applaud and say, “Good job! Keep that up!” 
But now… 
Justin was actually dealing with the kid who had bullied him on his behalf? 
He suddenly felt like this family was not that bad either… 
Just as his imagination was running wild, Justin squatted down again and looked straight at him. He asked, “Xander, were you here looking for me?”
###Chapter 670
Chapter 670 His Birthday 
Xander looked at the man in front of him. 
He looked a little dazed, and his big dark eyes were filled with confusion and perplexity. 
When the man squatted down to speak with him, he looked straight at him. Every time Daddy Trueman spoke with him, he always looked at him from above, making him feel as if he was ordering him about. 
But the tyrant was not like that. 
His behavior made him feel respected. 
Xander swallowed. He glanced at Pete again and then, he suddenly said, “I came to tell you about my birthday.” 
When Justin heard this, his eyes narrowed and he asked, “When is it?” 
Xander was about to answer when his cell phone suddenly rang, interrupting him. 
Xander took out his cell phone, upon which he saw the word “Daddy” on the screen-it was Trueman. He was a little surprised. When he answered the phone, Trueman said, “I heard someone bullied you at the Hunts’?” 
Xander turned and glanced at Justin. He grinned and said, “I bit his ear off!” 
“Good job.” 
Trueman let out a deep chuckle and said, “As expected of the son I brought up!” 
His father’s praise gave Xander a sense of accomplishment. As soon as he lifted his little chin, he heard Trueman ask, “How did Justin deal with the situation after you bit him?” 
Xander looked at Justin. Then, his big dark eyes swiveled around. As though he was avoiding the question, he answered, “What else can he do? Just like that, I guess. Daddy, the food here is pretty nice.” 
When Trueman heard this, he fell silent for a moment. Then, he smiled and said, “If it tastes good, then just stay there a few more days.” 
Xander nodded. “Okay.” 
He had made an agreement with Trueman before he came. They had agreed that for the sake of his rabbits, cats, and dogs, he would only stay in the United States for a maximum of ten days. 
When he first came, he had been very resistant. 
But now, just a moment ago, he suddenly felt that it would be nice to stay here too. 
As soon as the thought formed, he heard Trueman say, “Oh, pass the phone to your father. I want to tell him something and have him take good care of you.” 
Although Xander felt that it wasn’t appropriate to do that, he had never gone against Trueman’s orders. Thus, he looked at Justin and said, “Here.” 
Justin had been observing him the whole time. 
In the basement the other time, he had heard that Ruth had mistreated him. Thus, he didn’t know how Trueman treated the child. But judging from the way he spoke on the phone, it seemed that his relationship with Trueman was pretty good. 
Xander was smart. That was why he was able to bully Ruth. Judging from how he and Trueman got along, at the very least, Trueman likely did not abuse him. 
The discovery made Justin feel a little more comfortable. He answered the phone, but because he didn’t want the children to hear their conversation, he walked to the side and said softly, “Hello.” 
“Mr. Hunt, my sister is dead.” 
There was some faint amusement in Trueman’s voice when he said that, as though he had never once cared whether Ruth lived or died. 
Justin lowered his eyes. “Oh? She left the country after I released her. What happened next has nothing to do with me.” 
Needless to say, Ruth had been killed by someone he sent. 
Child abusers like her shouldn’t stay alive in the world. 
Besides, when she was in the country, she had given Nora trouble too. 
Justin was no kind soul. There was no doubt that he was a merciless man. 
Trueman chuckled and said, “I am not calling to hold you accountable. Rather, I just wanted to tell you that she has, after all, never treated Xander well. I’ve wanted to deal with her for very long. It’s just a pity
that the Yales’ family teachings don’t allow us to do anything to our family members.” 
Justin: “…” 
As early as Trueman’s first contact with him, he had already known that Ruth didn’t matter that much to Trueman. Even so, he didn’t expect her to be this unimportant. 
From the looks of it, it now seemed more like Trueman was using him to deal with Ruth. 
But that didn’t matter. 
Had it been before, when Justin felt that Ruth was dispensable, he might have been angry at being taken advantage of by Trueman. But now, even if he was restraining himself and stopping himself from getting too close to Xander before they figured out his birth origin, the things Ruth did to Xander were still unforgivable! 
He lowered his eyes. “What are you calling me for?” 
Trueman laughed. “I heard that you are hosting a birthday party for Cherry and Pete. In that case, why don’t you do it together with Xander’s?” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean?” 
Trueman laughed again. “It means that… Xander asked me about his birthday just now, and I told him that it’s September 8. If you don’t take him to the birthday party on that day, how do you think he would feel?” 
Justin instead asked, “When exactly is his birthday?”
“Make a guess?” 
II 
Justin clenched his fists. 
Trueman laughed again. “I really look forward to it. If you have to choose between Peter Hunt and Xander, who would you choose?” 
Justin suddenly asked, “Is Xander’s mother Nora or not?” 
“Tsk.” Trueman smacked his lips. However, his words made Justin cast his eyes down. “You can say she is, but you can also say she’s not. Why would you believe anything I say. If I say that she is, then my motive may be to get you and Nora to treat him well. But I may actually be lying in order to have him beat Pete and inherit the Hunts’ assets. If I say she’s not… maybe he actually is her son? And my ive is nothing more than to make you treat one better than the other, and make the brothers turn against each other? Mr. Hunt, I heard that you are your father’s only son and that you had been selected as the heir to the family when you were a child. But between Xander and Pete, who both have high IQs, who would you choose?” 
Trueman chuckled after he said that. “I have already passed you the message. As for whether you want to take Xander to the birthday party or not, it’s up to you.” 
With that, Trueman hung up. 
Justin stared at the phone with a frown. 
Trueman’s call had totally disrupted his plans!
He looked at Xander, only to see that the boy, who had been very distant just now, was looking up at him. 
The colors of his eyes were clearly defined, and he looked very cute and innocent. He raised his head proudly and said, “I was indeed looking for you. I am here to tell you that my birthday is also on September 8.” 
After Nora left the Hunts’, she did not go home. 
She went straight to the hospital and performed acupuncture on Charles. 
Half an hour later, a groggy Charles finally woke up.
###Chapter 671
Chapter 671 If Only They Were Triplets 
When Charles opened his eyes, he was still a little confused. After all, before he fainted, his last memory was that he was going to die. 
Was this heaven? 
The white light dazzled him for a long time before he realized that he was in the ward. When his senses returned, his body suddenly trembled. He slowly turned his head and saw Nora sitting on the sofa beside him, looking at him lazily. 
The girl’s almond-shaped eyes were slightly lowered, and she gave off the feeling that she was invincible. 
It was strange. Some gave off a strong presence even without doing anything. Nora’s current appearance was giving him tangible pressure. 
Charles swallowed, but he realized that his throat was very dry. But he did not even dare to ask Nora to pour him a cup of water. 
His lips moved. After a moment, he said in a voice that seemed like it was about to tear, “Did you save me?” 
Nora then looked at him and nodded. 
She pressed the button on the bed again. Then, a nurse walked in. She first dabbed a cotton bud on his lips and fed him some water when his lips were moist. 
After about half an hour, Nora was a little impatient from waiting. She was even tired from waiting. Only then did the nurse stop what she was doing and leave the ward silently.
ur 
Looking at her figure, Nora felt that this nurse knew how to read minds. She was indeed the Hunts’ top nurse. 
She stood up and stretched her arms lazily. Then, she focused on Charles. “Did I give birth to twins or triplets?” 
Charles looked at her and was silent for a long time before he slowly said, “Twins.” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “I’ll ask you one last time. Did I give birth to twins or triplets?” 
Charles was about to speak when Nora interrupted him. “You betrayed my mother once. Are you going to betray me again? If you betray me this time, I won’t let you off easily.” 
Charles was stunned. He suddenly swallowed. “Even if you kill me, the answer is still twins.” 
As soon as he said this, Nora suddenly approached him and asked, “The doctor who delivered my babies back then has been captured.” 
Hearing this, Charles was stunned. “How is that possible?! He’s already dead!” 
The entire ward suddenly fell silent. 
After a moment, Charles realized that he had said something wrong. He pursed his lips and turned his head away, not saying anything else. 
He looked like he was ready to die. 
He said with a very hoarse voice, “Ms. Nora, back then, I betrayed Ms. Yvette because the mysterious organization used my family to threaten me. But later, my family still died of an illness… Now, I don’t
have a family anymore. Furthermore, living in such deep guilt is also a pain to me. So if you don’t believe me, you can kill me at will and take my life.” 
Charles was really not afraid of death. 
His relatives were all dead, and he was the only one left. Furthermore, the betrayal made him feel like he was trash. 
The reason he was still alive was to be punished. 
Death was a form of relief to him. 
He closed his eyes. 
After a while, a low sigh suddenly came from the room. 
Nora’s voice was lazy, low, and hoarse. It had a unique charm. Her voice gave people a feeling of calmness. 
She suddenly asked, “Back then, the mysterious organization used your son to threaten you, right?” 
Charles nodded slightly. 
Nora continued, “That’s why you betrayed my mother. As for my mother, I heard that she deliberately exposed herself in order to protect me and was killed by the mysterious organization.” 
“No,” Charles said. “Ms. Yvette deliberately exposed her tracks and committed suicide. Only when she died would the secret she had stolen from the mysterious organization become the true secret that no one knew about. Only then could you have escaped the mysterious organization’s gaze.” Nora lowered
her eyes. “Yes, so parents’ love for their children is selfless. Since you know this, why are you hiding it from me?” 
Charles froze. 
He suddenly turned back and looked at Nora, only to see the girl standing there domineeringly. 
“I don’t know what kind of person my mother is. I only want to make my own decisions in my life. I hate those kinds of plots where things are hidden from me for my supposed own good. I hope that this kind of thing won’t happen to me again.” 
Charles clenched his fists. “Nora…” 
Nora yawned again. She looked at Charles fixedly. “So, are you going to say something or not?” 
Charles was silent for a moment before saying, “I… Let me think about it.” 
It always took time to make a decision. 
Nora stood up and walked out. 
Seeing how straightforward she was, Charles was stunned. He shouted, “Ms. Nora…” 
Nora stopped in her tracks and turned back. Her tone was calm as she said confidently, “Your reaction has already told me the answer.” 
“I just want to know why you’re hiding it from me.” 
III1 
At the Hunts’.
Justin did not give Xander an answer about whether to hold a birthday party together. After all, he still wanted to discuss it with Nora. 
He changed the topic and got Xander, Pete, and Cherry to leave. 
The three children were still friendly with each other in front of him. 
However, after leaving Justin’s line of sight, Pete’s face instantly darkened as he took Cherry to the side. 
Xander called out to him, “Hey, thank you for today!” 
Pete ignored him. 
However, when she separated from Xander, Cherry could not help but say, “Pete, Xander isn’t that bad, right?” 
This time, Pete did not rebut her. 
When the others had mocked Xander for not having a mother, he had been furious and felt sorry for him. 
Because he had no mother when he was young, and he had also been secretly called an illegitimate child. 
But now, he had a mother. 
Therefore, he had wanted to rush out and save him at that time. Unfortunately, Xander did not give him the chance. He had resolved it himself. 
At the thought of this, Pete sighed slightly. “But his existence is a sin to Mom!” 
Cherry tilted her head. “If only he was born to Mommy.” 
However, this was probably impossible.
The two children lowered their heads. 
Xander, who had been following them, lowered his head silently when he heard this. 
So his existence was a mistake. 
Did that mean that his departure was actually the best thing for this family?
###Chapter 672
Chapter 672 Couldn’t Bear to See You Again 
After this thought surfaced in Xander’s mind, he suddenly lowered his head. 
He slowly returned to the room. After closing the door, he suddenly wanted to know what the siblings were doing. He sat up on the bed, logged into his Facebook, and called Cherry. 
The other party picked up quickly. “Are you going to apologize to my mommy?” 
Xander: “…Yes, I apologize. What are you doing?” 
He blinked his clear eyes and looked at the phone curiously. Then, he heard Cherry say, “We’re discussing how to deal with a little demon!” 
Xander was stunned. “Little demon?” 
Cherry nodded. “That’s right. He’s my father’s child with another woman. Because of his appearance, my mother must be very sad. We can’t let her be sad. Mommy’s health isn’t good. If she’s in a bad mood, she won’t be able to sleep well.” 
Xander pursed his lips. “But it’s not his fault, is it?” 
The other party fell silent when Xander said this. 
Xander looked ahead in a daze. His eyes, which were identical to Justin’s, flickered with confusion. 
He said in a daze, “Perhaps he doesn’t want to be so hated. He never thought of snatching Pete’s identity. He just wants to… have a home…” 
Xander’s voice suddenly became very, very low when he said the last four words.
Indeed. 
He had wanted a home with parents since he was young. In the basement, he had seen a mother kiss her child a few times through the window. He had also seen the father put his son on his shoulder several times and let the child ride him like a horse. 
But he did not have such experiences. 
All he had were his rabbits, kittens, and puppies. 
Xander lowered his head. Then, he heard Pete say, “Maybe, so we’re hesitating.” 
Cherry suddenly said, “Actually, he’s Daddy’s son, which means he’s my brother. Besides, I don’t hate him that much. We’re already in a dilemma now. How good would it have been if he had never appeared? That way, Daddy and Mommy wouldn’t have had to worry about him.” 
Xander: “…” 
Never appeared… 
It seemed like no one in the house wanted him. 
Xander suddenly said softly, “I understand.” 
Cherry asked curiously, “What do you understand?” 
He understood that they disliked him. 
Xander suddenly smiled. “It’s nothing. Don’t worry, that big trouble will leave soon. You two will return to your old lives!” 
Cherry tilted her head. “How do you know?”
Xander stared at his phone. He suddenly wanted to ask, “If I were Xander, would you still want me to leave?” 
However, he did not ask. 
He only asked, “Cherry, can we be friends?” 
“Of course!” Cherry replied quickly. “Aren’t we already friends? Although, you always curse… It’ll be better if you can change this bad habit! My mommy doesn’t let me play with bad kids.” 
Xander was stunned. 
When he heard the question, “Aren’t we already friends?”, he could not help but smile. 
Actually, Cherry was the first friend in his 
life. 
At that time, he was too bored in the basement. He downloaded Facebook and searched the people nearby. 
He did not have much hope when he searched, but he did not expect to find Cherry’s profile. 
The two of them added each other as friends and he finally had his first friend. Every time he was bored, he would tease Cherry. 
She was very smart and had a sharp tongue. The two of them often chatted and argued… 
He was very talkative and he treated Cherry as his sister. 
But now, his sister wanted him to leave and disappear. How could he not leave?
Even if it was just to return his sister’s peaceful life, he should leave. 
At the thought of this, he lowered his head and suddenly said, “Cherry, can we chat often in the future?” 
“As long as I’m not playing games, anything is fine!” 
Xander laughed again at this answer. Even if he left, he would not have lost this friend, right? 
Xander hung up silently. Then, he jumped out of bed and sized up the room he had lived in for a few days. 
This was originally a guest room, but he had received a lot of things in the past few days. 
Justin was someone who avoided gossip and did not interact with him much, but he had always taken care of him. 
There was a Lego model that he liked placed on the table. There were also stuffed animals that he liked… 
Xander touched them one by one and said goodbye. 
He looked at the Lego model and sighed. “After I leave, Cherry will probably patch you guys up properly!” 
He then looked at the kittens, puppies, and toys beside him. “I wonder how puppy No. 5 is doing. When I came here, his leg was broken. He must have missed me and probably needs me very much!” 
With that, he seemed to be talking to himself. “So, it’s best if I go back! My bunnies miss me too! I have never been apart from them for so long.” 
As if he had convinced himself, Xander smiled. 
Then he picked up his small bag and walked out eagerly.
He opened the door and looked at the people downstairs who were busy preparing for his birthday party. He tiptoed and walked out. 
He was very smart and avoided the gaze of butlers and nannies. He secretly left the villa alone and ran to the entrance. 
When he reached the door, he turned back. 
Cherry, Pete, goodbye! 
He recited in his heart before picking up his small bag and running out without hesitation! 
It was fine. Even if he left this place, he could still live an exciting life! 
Xander encouraged himself silently as he walked. 
However, when he really reached the Hunts’ garden, he turned back to look at Justin’s villa. A faint reluctance suddenly swept through his heart. 
His footsteps became slower and slower. 
Sigh. 
Would the tyrant and Cherry be sad to see him 
go? 
Actually, he himself was a little reluctant. 
When Xander thought of this, he lowered his head. His little body instantly wilted. He turned back again and was about to leave when he suddenly saw a familiar figure appear in front of him…
###Chapter 673
Chapter 673 A Small Misunderstanding~ 
Xander was going through the back door. After all, it was too dangerous if he went through the front door, making it easy for others to see him. 
At the back was a place where food was delivered for the Hunts’ kitchen. 
For the birthday banquet, the butler had already begun to buy ingredients wantonly. For example, right then, a few people were pushing fresh king crabs. They were following behind the kitchen manager to deliver them. 
These two were the familiar faces Xander had seen. 
They were tall, and they looked very strong. 
These two people were Trueman’s men. 
He had seen them in the basement overseas. At that time, they were killers and were very skilled. 
He remembered his dog Butterscotch. When it was being dragged away, it protected its son, Biscuit, fiercely. It was a dog taller than a person and was agile like a wolf. 
At that time, Trueman had called the two of them over. They could not inject anesthesia into Butterscotch as the blood would affect the experimental data. So the two of them grabbed the dog with their bare hands and subdued it. 
In his small world, Butterscotch was the guardian angel of all the cats and dogs. It was also his guardian angel. He watched helplessly as its bones were broken by these two people and dragged out…
This made him feel that his little heart had been heavily injured. Therefore, in his world, these two people were like demons who were very terrifying 
If Trueman said that these two people could beat everyone in the Hunts down, Xander would believe him. 
Xander was stunned when he saw them. 
Why were these two here? 
Was his father here to pick him up? 
As Xander hesitated, the two of them suddenly noticed him. One of them immediately said, “Is that Xander?” 
With that, the kitchen steward turned his head. 
Xander was hiding behind the grass. If one did not pay attention, one would not be able to see him. However, when the two of them spoke, the butler saw him and immediately became anxious. “Xander, why are you here?” 
The butlers at home knew Xander. 
On the first day he had returned home, the head butler had gotten them to pay attention, afraid that this little demon king would do something to tease everyone. 
No one liked him and he was too naughty. He tortured them until they could not speak. 
For example, in the kitchen, when he said he wanted to eat bean sprout crabs, he had tormented a group of people for an entire day.
To prepare Bean sprout crab, as the name suggested, one had to tear off the crab meat and stuff it into the small bean sprout. 
The kitchen staff had tried to satisfy Xander… After all, although Justin was indifferent to him, he had instructed them to take good care of him. How could anyone dare to disregard Xander? 
Therefore, the group of people in the kitchen found three clever people. They looked at the very thin bean sprouts and stuffed crab meat into them for an entire day before successfully stuffing 100 pieces. 
When the dish was served, Xander casually took a bite and turned to feed the stray cats at home. 
The kitchen staff was really furious, but there was nothing they could do. 
Pete never used such methods to torture people. Other than cooking strictly according to the recipe, Pete was really easy to serve. 
When the kitchen manager thought of this, he sighed. 
Xander had been discovered. His escape plan could only be delayed for the time being. He carried his bag and slowly turned around to walk back. “Oh, I was too full. I was just taking a walk.” 
The kitchen manager was speechless. 
How could the incharge dare to let him go back alone? He could only follow behind him and watch him enter Justin’s villa with his own eyes before leaving. 
After he left, Xander sneaked out of the room again. 
Xander blinked his large eyes. Before he returned to the country, his father had said that if he wanted to see if his new father cared about him, he should make all kinds of requests to see if his father would fulfill
them. 
That was why Xander had made so many requests. As he watched everyone in the Hunt circle around him, he felt his presence in the Hunts for the first time. 
Was this how Pete and Cherry had lived all these years? 
They could get whatever they wanted. 
Even those unrealistic bean sprout crabs were possible! 
What about him? 
In the basement overseas, one had to give something of the same value in exchange for anything they wanted. Dad said that it was called self-sufficiency. 
Although he thought that was quite cool, he actually preferred Pete’s life. 
He was really degenerating! 
Xander shook his head. He was about to leave, so he did not want to think about this anymore. Anyway, he still had to live his old life! 
He hunched his back and continued walking. When he arrived at the park, the two people he had seen earlier suddenly walked out of the forest and surrounded Xander. 
Xander was stunned. He looked at the two of them in fear. “What are you doing here? Are you here to take me back?” 
One of them chuckled. “Xander, Mr. Yale asked you not to go back. Only by staying here can you snatch the heir’s position! Besides, isn’t this place good?”
Xander frowned. “Snatch the heir’s position?” 
“That’s right. Did you forget the mission Mr. Yale gave you when you returned to the country?” 
Xander pursed his little lips. His face was simply the same as Justin’s. 
When he returned to the country, the mission Daddy had assigned him was to destroy the relationship between Justin and that woman and to snatch Justin’s love. 
However… 
He frowned. “Dad… The tyrant isn’t easy to fool. He likes Cherry and Pete a lot. He won’t like me.” 
Each time Justin looked at Pete and Cherry, although his expression did not change, his eyes were filled with gentleness. 
Just like when they were arguing earlier… 
He had looked straight at Pete. His eyes clearly said that he would believe anything Pete said. 
Justin would never give him such trust! 
Just as Xander thought of this, he heard the bodyguard say, “Mr. Yale has asked us to help you. Don’t you want to obtain Justin’s fatherly love?” 
Xander was tempted by this sentence. 
Did he want to? 
Of course. 
He wanted to.
He asked, “How can you help me?” 
The bodyguard grinned. “Have you forgotten? Didn’t we agree that you would find a chance to trick the twins out of the house? After we kidnap them and kill them, Justin will only have you as his son. Wouldn’t that be good?” 
Xander’s pupils shrank when he heard this. 
Not far away, Pete and Cherry were hiding. When they saw Xander tiptoeing, the two of them were worried that Xander would do something bad, so they followed him out. 
However, they did not expect to see this scene! 
Cherry’s eyes immediately widened as she looked at Pete. “Pete, Xander is too bad!” 
Pete pursed his lips tightly. He did not expect Xander to be so bad! When he had seen Xander being scolded, he had actually felt sorry for him… 
Pete suppressed his anger and glanced at Cherry. “There’s no one here. Let’s run…” 
He wanted to show Xander’s true face to his father! 
The two of them retreated silently, but at this moment, they heard a voice…
###Chapter 674
Chapter 674 Joining Forces~ 
Fatty’s voice suddenly came from behind. “Pete, Cherry, what are you doing here?!” 
This voice instantly alerted the three people in conversation. 
The two bodyguards immediately turned around. One of them was agile and ran over quickly, blocking Pete and Cherry’s way! 
As for Fatty, his opponent had hit him on the shoulder and knocked him out. 
Then, he sneered and looked at Xander. “Xander, you really tricked these two people out!” 
Hearing this, Pete and Cherry were even more furious. 
It was especially so for Cherry. She glared at Xander with her dark eyes. “Jerk, liar! Pete and I were going to let you go, and we were going to like you. How can you treat us like this?!” 
She still wanted to shout, but her mouth was covered by the bodyguard. There was some knockout powder on the handkerchief, so Cherry fainted. 
Pete shut his mouth when he saw this and did not say a word. 
When the bodyguard saw his expression, he did not attack immediately. Instead, he smiled and said, “You’re quite obedient.” 
Pete did not speak, but his eyes were fixed on Xander. 
Xander looked at them in a daze. He wanted to explain that it was not like that. He did not trick them out. However, he suddenly recalled that before he returned to the country, his father had indeed said that he
wanted to drive a wedge between Justin and Nora. 
At that time, he had been very stupid and asked, “What if I don’t succeed?” 
Trueman touched his head. “Don’t worry. Once you appear, there will definitely be a rift between those two. After all, no woman can ignore the fact that their lover has a child with another woman, right?” 
Then, he had chuckled and said, “Besides, I’ll help you become the Hunts’ heir.” 
At that time, he did not understand what this help meant, but he understood now! 
However, he did not expect this. 
He looked at the two bodyguards and wanted to tell them to let go of the two children, but he suddenly thought of how powerful these two were. 
He had never had the right to speak. 
He was not like Pete, who was the young master of the Hunts. With just one sentence, he could make everyone in the Hunts serve him. 
Even if he said no, this was what his father wanted. The two bodyguards would not let go. 
These two bodyguards were too powerful… This place was relatively remote. Everyone was busy in the front hall preparing for the birthday party. 
When Xander chose to leave, he had chosen the path that no one else in the house would take. 
No one would come over here! 
It was useless even if he shouted.
Xander thought about it and looked at Pete and Cherry. He suddenly said, “I miss Dad. I don’t want to stay here. I want to leave with you guys!” 
He wanted to stay with Cherry and guarantee that the two bodyguards would not kill them! 
The two bodyguards instantly frowned. 
After all, the mission they had received was to kidnap the two children. Trueman did not say that he wanted to bring Xander back! 
As they were thinking, Xander shouted, “If you don’t take me with you, I’ll tell Daddy Tyrant that you kidnapped Cherry!” 
The two bodyguards pursed their lips. 
If Justin knew who did it, he would probably find them very quickly. The two of them could only press on their earphones. Trueman’s low laughter came from the earpiece. “Bring him back!” 
Trueman had been talking to them from the beginning to the end. 
He had just drugged Cherry and not Pete. This was his intention. He chuckled softly. “We have to let people know that it was Xander who did this, right?” 
The two bodyguards were a little worried. “But in the king crab cage, only two children could be placed.” 
They had brought the king crab over in a cage. The cage was supposed to be the tool to smuggle the two children out. 
Now that Xander was leaving at the last minute, they could only kidnap one of the twins.
When Pete heard this, he said very calmly, “Then you should take me. After all, I’m the future heir of the Hunts. It’s useless for the daughter to stay in the Hunts…” 
He looked at Xander again with a very cold gaze. “I’m your opponent, right? If you want the heir’s position, you can only succeed by getting rid of me.” 
Xander looked at him, wanting to explain that he did not think that way. 
Even if he had thought of this before returning to the country, he had already dismissed it after coming here. However, when he looked into Pete’s dark eyes, he could not say anything. 
When the two bodyguards heard this, they felt that it made sense. 
However, a voice suddenly came from the earpiece. “Kidnap the daughter, Justin loves his daughter the most.” 
The two bodyguards were speechless. 
Someone wanted to explain. “The daughter could not be the heir to the Hunts. Mr. Yale, you…” 
“Do as I say.” 
Trueman interrupted him. After all, he did not just want the heir’s position! 
The bodyguard instantly stood up straight. “Yes.” 
He looked at Pete and then at Cherry before saying, “Which one of them is the girl? Take off your pants! Why are their hairs so long… Take the girl away and leave the boy behind!” 
These words made Pete’s pupils shrink.
Logically speaking, they should have kidnapped him to help Xander, but why would they suddenly kidnap Cherry? 
However, this thought only lasted for a moment before he pointed at the fainted Cherry and pretended to be adorable. “He is a girl. I’m not a little girl! I’m a little boy!” 
When he said this, the bodyguard laughed. “Pfft, he is a girl? You’re contradicting yourself!” 
Pete immediately covered his mouth as if he had said something wrong. “No, I’m not Daddy’s daughter. Pete is!” 
The other bodyguard had already rushed to him and grabbed him. “Alright, take off your 
pants!” 
As he spoke, he had already moved to take off Pete’s pants. 
Pete was anxious. 
Regardless of whether he was humiliated or not, if he was discovered to be a boy, these people would definitely take his sister away. 
He struggled, but he suddenly heard a childish voice. “Cherry, stop pretending! I’ve lived with you for so long. How could I not recognize you?” 
Pete was shocked. How could he have forgotten about Xander?! 
This person was in cahoots with this bunch of baddies! He really hated the moment he had softened his heart for Xander! If he wasn’t so soft-hearted, how could he have let this ingrate harm them?
He suddenly turned his head. He had originally thought that Xander had ratted him out, but he did not expect…
###Chapter 675
Chapter 675 Her Son Had Suffered Too Much! 
Pete thought that this was all Xander’s scheme. Just as he was sighing in his heart that he had not dealt with him and had softened his heart, he realized that Xander’s words were actually… directed at him? 
He frowned slightly. 
Xander had already rushed over. “Alright, hurry up. I saw someone walking over when I was leaving earlier. If we don’t go now, they’ll see us!” 
When the two bodyguards heard this, they hurriedly took the cage containing the king crab. Without a word, they drugged Pete and let Xander enter. 
Xander could not disobey them and clenched the cage tightly. 
He happened to touch Pete. As soon as he touched him, he felt Pete move his leg back. 
Xander was stunned and suddenly looked at Pete. 
He did not faint? 
Of course, Pete would not be drugged again. He had realized that they had brought sleeping pills and had been on guard. When the person came up, he had held his breath. 
Now, he moved… Firstly, those people had let him in too uncomfortably and twisted his leg. 
Secondly, he wanted to test Xander. 
What were Xander’s intentions for suddenly helping him? If he yelled for help right now, he could conclude that Xander was in cahoots with that group of people. He had said those words just now to get rid of him!
After all, hadn’t Xander always said that he wanted to defeat him and become the Hunts’ heir? 
If he did not… Then there was probably something else going on. 
He held his breath and waited for Xander’s reaction. 
He was actually looking forward to it. 
Although he did not know what he was expecting… 
After a while, he felt Xander sit obediently beside him and squeeze his shoulder. 
Although the two of them did not interact for a very long time, Pete understood what Xander meant at this moment. He wanted him to not be impulsive. He would find an opportunity to escape when there were many people. 
Pete did not move again. 
However, he suddenly felt a little happy. 
He quickly planned how to escape in his mind. There were many people in the Hunts, and the butler had neglected them. In about half an hour, he would definitely notice that they had disappeared. 
If anything happened while they left, his father’s bodyguards would definitely notice and save them. 
As Pete was thinking, the cage was covered. 
Suddenly, one of the bodyguards took out a knife and aimed it at the basket outside Pete. Then, he stabbed the knife forward. Through the covers, he punctured Pete’s skin! 
Pete endured the sharp pain and did not move. 
The other person asked, “What are you doing?”
The bodyguard said, “This little fellow just tried to save herself by tricking us into kidnapping his brother. It means that she’s not that stupid. I’m afraid that the drug won’t be enough. It’ll be bad if she wakes up midway and yells. Anyway, our mission is to get rid of her. If we’re discovered, we can just kill her and complete the mission!” 
When the other person heard this, he nodded. “You’re right.” 
Pete: “…” 
Xander: “…” 
The two children looked at each other and understood the look in each other’s eyes. They could not think about fooling around now. 
If the two of them dared to make a scene, Pete would die before anyone could react! 
It was all over. 
Xander thought to himself that he could only leave the Hunts for now and think of another way. 
Pete sighed silently. 
Forget it, he would not struggle. He would just wait patiently for the tyrant and mommy to save him. At most, he would be mocked by the tyrant after he was rescued. 
He, the dignified heir of the Hunts, had actually been kidnapped. This was simply the greatest humiliation of his life! 
The two of them hid in the cage and watched helplessly as the two strong bodyguards took them out of the back door.
As they were preparing for a birthday party, the house was very busy. 
They had only security measures in the main house to ensure that no one would rush in to harm them. However, no one expected the three little fellows to be so sneaky. They avoided the security guards and ran out themselves! 
After leaving the Hunts, the two bodyguards carried the cage to the car. 
Xander and Pete were thrown into the backseat as the car started. 
When they were leaving, a black jeep arrived at the gate. 
At this moment, the car Xander and Pete were in happened to start slowly. When Nora stopped the car and waited for the door to open, the butler greeted her respectfully. “Miss Smith.” 
Nora nodded. 
For some reason, she suddenly turned to look at the white Volkswagen and asked, “What is that for?” 
The butler said, “It’s for the king crabs.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
She only felt a little conflicted, but she was concerned about Xander. She did not say anything and drove straight into the Hunts’ villa. 
When Justin heard that she was there, he was a little surprised. 
He walked out of the room and saw Nora’s anxious expression. She asked, “Where’s Xander?” 
When Justin saw her like this, he had a faint guess in his heart and said, “He’s upstairs.”
Nora did not wait for him to say anything else and rushed upstairs. 
At this moment, she was a little excited. 
She did not know that she had a son other than Pete and had actually wanted to push this son away. In the past few days, when his identity was unknown, Xander had suffered countless grievances! 
However, when she rushed upstairs, she realized that the room was empty! 
Nora frowned. 
At this moment, the butler rushed over. “Sir, something has happened!” 
The Hunts moved quickly. There were cameras in almost every corner. Although there was no one in the back garden, there were cameras. 
Every ten minutes, there would be security guards looking at all the cameras. 
They realized that Fatty and Cherry were on the ground and instantly became anxious! 
It had only been ten minutes since the incident. They had already realized that the child was missing! 
When she saw Cherry being carried in by the security guard, Nora quickly took two steps forward and checked her pulse to see if there was anything wrong with the child. Then, she pressed on one of her acupuncture points a few times. Cherry opened her eyes in a daze. 
When she saw Nora and Justin, she immediately shouted, “Mommy, Daddy! Go save Pete quickly! Xander wants to kill him. He wants to be the heir to the Hunts!” 
When she said this, Nora’s body trembled. 
Brothers fighting each other… Was this a gift from Trueman?!
She stood there and suddenly thought of the car she had seen earlier. Her eyes darkened and she rushed out without a word. 
At her speed, she should be able to catch up to that car!!
###Chapter 676
Chapter 677 I’m Your Mommy 1 
Xander stretched his neck nervously and looked behind the glass window. 
His small body leaned against the seat. His eyes were filled with nervousness and fear. These two bodyguards had left too much fear in his young heart. 
Trueman probably knew this too, which was why he had sent these two people. 
Because if it was anyone else, Xander would definitely not be so obedient. 
He was famous for being unreasonable and domineering. At home, he would always bully others, except for these two bodyguards… 
When Xander thought of this, he could not help but sigh silently. “Pete, your mother is finished this time.” 
Pete: “?” 
He rolled his eyes. “Talk about your own mommy! My mommy is super powerful!” 
Xander pursed his lips when he heard this. “My mother died long ago. My father said that my mother died after giving birth to me.” 
When Pete heard this, he was stunned. 
He had not expected Xander to say such a thing 
He was stunned for a moment before he suddenly reached out and patted Xander’s shoulder to comfort him. “I’m sorry.” 
He apologized for his words.
Xander waved his hand casually. “You didn’t know that my mother is dead, so I don’t blame you. However, your mother is near her end too.” 
Pete: “…” 
Xander bit his lip and reported the situation outside to Pete. Pete’s legs were still tied, so he could not sit up. Then, he heard Xander say nervously, “Your mother got out of the car… She’s walking toward the two bodyguards… She glanced at me. Although there’s a black film on the glass, she should have seen me, right? Then she should know that you’re in the car. Pete, your mother started chatting with the two bodyguards. Is she begging for mercy?” 
Pete collapsed into his seat and struggled to get up. “…I’d rather believe that she’s sleeping than that she’s begging for mercy right now.” 
With his mother’s character, it wouldn’t be her style if she didn’t beat up those people until they were looking for their teeth on the ground. 
Mommy was Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister! 
He was able to learn martial arts because of Mr. Quinn’s respect for her. 
At the thought of this, Pete, who was lying on the chair, placed his hands on the chair and wanted to stand up. However, Xander was pressing down on him, preventing him from coming up. 
He pushed Xander and said, “Help me untie the rope on my legs. I’ll help Mommy.” 
Xander glanced at him. “Forget it. Can you even help?” 
The dizzy Pete: “…” 
Although he was a very smart child and knew that he had to hold his breath when the bodyguard covered his mouth with the drug, he still could not control his breath. He had inhaled some of the drug,
so his entire body was limp now. This was also the reason why he had not stood up despite struggling. Xander looked at him and pursed his lips. “Besides, your mother might be discussing the price with them and planning to sell you!” 
Pete: “Mommy can die for me, why would she sell me?” 
Xander rolled his eyes. “How could that be? Why would a person die for someone else?” 
He had been cold to others since he was young, and he did not have any feelings for anyone else. He did not feel any kinship at all. He only had a little reliance on Trueman as his father. 
However, Trueman had never hugged him or called him lovingly. He had never said things like he loved him and would protect him. 
Trueman would always stand there and say to him condescendingly, “Xander, you have to protect yourself. Otherwise, you’re not fit to be my son! When you encounter danger, only you can protect yourself. You have to be selfish, understand?”. 
One time, Xander had even asked Trueman, “Daddy, if I fell into the water, would you save me?” 
Trueman had sneered. “No, although I know how to swim, there’s no rationality in a drowning person. How many people have died in the water to save others? Why should I put myself in danger for you?” 
This was the education Xander had received since he was young, so he did not believe that Nora would die for Pete. 
However, Pete looked at him in surprise. “Any parent in the world would give up everything for the child. Although there are bad fathers, they are still the minority. Protecting children and making sacrifices for them is human nature.”
“How is that possible?” 
Xander still did not believe him. 
Pete sighed. “Why don’t you believe in a parents’ love for their child?” 
Love? 
What was love? 
Xander grimaced. “This is too mystical. I don’t understand a thing. Besides, do you think the tyrant loves me? I’ve been back for so long, but I haven’t felt his fatherly love even once!” 
When Pete heard this, he was silent for a moment. 
Then, he comforted him. “That’s because you weren’t in danger. Besides, it’s not that Dad doesn’t love you. He just… needs to make a choice. If he’s too close to you, Mommy and I might be unhappy.” 
Xander fell silent before he snorted coldly. “So, love has conditions, doesn’t it?” 
Pete was speechless. 
To Xander, Justin’s love did have a condition. The condition was that Xander did not hurt Nora, Pete, and Cherry. 
And once he hurt them, Justin would definitely give up on him. 
However, if outsiders came to bully Xander, Justin could also risk his life for him. 
In this world, any family would have preferences. With so many children, most parents could not really love them all equally.
However, parents loved their children. 
Pete did not defend Justin. Anyone could say this to Xander, but he could not. 
Just as Pete was feeling conflicted, he suddenly heard Xander cry out in shock, “Ah, your mommy’s been beaten!” 
Pete was shocked. He twisted his body and wanted to sit up to look back. He asked anxiously, “What happened to my mommy?” 
“She was beaten! One of them attacked suddenly and she was hit. How pitiful!” 
Xander grinned. “Pete, from today onwards, you’re going to be a motherless child like me~ Hahahaha.” 
Pete frowned. Although he knew that Xander’s words could not be trusted, when he thought about how powerful those two bodyguards were, how they had easily stuffed him into the car, he felt a little worried. 
Mommy had been busy these past few days. Could it be that she was not feeling well and was about to faint? Was that why that person had succeeded? 
No, he wanted to save Mommy! 
At the thought of this, Pete struggled violently again. When Xander saw him, he suddenly said, “Isn’t it good to have no Mommy? No one will control you anymore!”
###Chapter 677
Chapter 677 I’m Your Mommy 1 
Xander stretched his neck nervously and looked behind the glass window. 
His small body leaned against the seat. His eyes were filled with nervousness and fear. These two bodyguards had left too much fear in his young heart. 
Trueman probably knew this too, which was why he had sent these two people. 
Because if it was anyone else, Xander would definitely not be so obedient. 
He was famous for being unreasonable and domineering. At home, he would always bully others, except for these two bodyguards… 
When Xander thought of this, he could not help but sigh silently. “Pete, your mother is finished this time.” 
Pete: “?” 
He rolled his eyes. “Talk about your own mommy! My mommy is super powerful!” 
Xander pursed his lips when he heard this. “My mother died long ago. My father said that my mother died after giving birth to me.” 
When Pete heard this, he was stunned. 
He had not expected Xander to say such a thing 
He was stunned for a moment before he suddenly reached out and patted Xander’s shoulder to comfort him. “I’m sorry.” 
He apologized for his words.
Xander waved his hand casually. “You didn’t know that my mother is dead, so I don’t blame you. However, your mother is near her end too.” 
Pete: “…” 
Xander bit his lip and reported the situation outside to Pete. Pete’s legs were still tied, so he could not sit up. Then, he heard Xander say nervously, “Your mother got out of the car… She’s walking toward the two bodyguards… She glanced at me. Although there’s a black film on the glass, she should have seen me, right? Then she should know that you’re in the car. Pete, your mother started chatting with the two bodyguards. Is she begging for mercy?” 
Pete collapsed into his seat and struggled to get up. “…I’d rather believe that she’s sleeping than that she’s begging for mercy right now.” 
With his mother’s character, it wouldn’t be her style if she didn’t beat up those people until they were looking for their teeth on the ground. 
Mommy was Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister! 
He was able to learn martial arts because of Mr. Quinn’s respect for her. 
At the thought of this, Pete, who was lying on the chair, placed his hands on the chair and wanted to stand up. However, Xander was pressing down on him, preventing him from coming up. 
He pushed Xander and said, “Help me untie the rope on my legs. I’ll help Mommy.” 
Xander glanced at him. “Forget it. Can you even help?” 
The dizzy Pete: “…” 
Although he was a very smart child and knew that he had to hold his breath when the bodyguard covered his mouth with the drug, he still could not control his breath. He had inhaled some of the drug,
so his entire body was limp now. This was also the reason why he had not stood up despite struggling. Xander looked at him and pursed his lips. “Besides, your mother might be discussing the price with them and planning to sell you!” 
Pete: “Mommy can die for me, why would she sell me?” 
Xander rolled his eyes. “How could that be? Why would a person die for someone else?” 
He had been cold to others since he was young, and he did not have any feelings for anyone else. He did not feel any kinship at all. He only had a little reliance on Trueman as his father. 
However, Trueman had never hugged him or called him lovingly. He had never said things like he loved him and would protect him. 
Trueman would always stand there and say to him condescendingly, “Xander, you have to protect yourself. Otherwise, you’re not fit to be my son! When you encounter danger, only you can protect yourself. You have to be selfish, understand?”. 
One time, Xander had even asked Trueman, “Daddy, if I fell into the water, would you save me?” 
Trueman had sneered. “No, although I know how to swim, there’s no rationality in a drowning person. How many people have died in the water to save others? Why should I put myself in danger for you?” 
This was the education Xander had received since he was young, so he did not believe that Nora would die for Pete. 
However, Pete looked at him in surprise. “Any parent in the world would give up everything for the child. Although there are bad fathers, they are still the minority. Protecting children and making sacrifices for them is human nature.”
“How is that possible?” 
Xander still did not believe him. 
Pete sighed. “Why don’t you believe in a parents’ love for their child?” 
Love? 
What was love? 
Xander grimaced. “This is too mystical. I don’t understand a thing. Besides, do you think the tyrant loves me? I’ve been back for so long, but I haven’t felt his fatherly love even once!” 
When Pete heard this, he was silent for a moment. 
Then, he comforted him. “That’s because you weren’t in danger. Besides, it’s not that Dad doesn’t love you. He just… needs to make a choice. If he’s too close to you, Mommy and I might be unhappy.” 
Xander fell silent before he snorted coldly. “So, love has conditions, doesn’t it?” 
Pete was speechless. 
To Xander, Justin’s love did have a condition. The condition was that Xander did not hurt Nora, Pete, and Cherry. 
And once he hurt them, Justin would definitely give up on him. 
However, if outsiders came to bully Xander, Justin could also risk his life for him. 
In this world, any family would have preferences. With so many children, most parents could not really love them all equally.
However, parents loved their children. 
Pete did not defend Justin. Anyone could say this to Xander, but he could not. 
Just as Pete was feeling conflicted, he suddenly heard Xander cry out in shock, “Ah, your mommy’s been beaten!” 
Pete was shocked. He twisted his body and wanted to sit up to look back. He asked anxiously, “What happened to my mommy?” 
“She was beaten! One of them attacked suddenly and she was hit. How pitiful!” 
Xander grinned. “Pete, from today onwards, you’re going to be a motherless child like me~ Hahahaha.” 
Pete frowned. Although he knew that Xander’s words could not be trusted, when he thought about how powerful those two bodyguards were, how they had easily stuffed him into the car, he felt a little worried. 
Mommy had been busy these past few days. Could it be that she was not feeling well and was about to faint? Was that why that person had succeeded? 
No, he wanted to save Mommy! 
At the thought of this, Pete struggled violently again. When Xander saw him, he suddenly said, “Isn’t it good to have no Mommy? No one will control you anymore!”
###Chapter 678
Chapter 678 I’m Your Mommy 2 
Pete glared at him. “I’d rather be controlled by her for the rest of my life!” 
Xander was stunned when he heard this. 
The little person suddenly fell silent. He could not help but ask again, “Is a mother really that important to a person? Didn’t you just reunite with your Mommy? You didn’t have her in the past five years either!” 
Pete was so anxious that his eyes turned red. Although he knew that his mother might be fine, he lost his mind when it involved her. 
He shouted, “You haven’t had a mommy before. You don’t understand the feeling of having a mommy! Mommy’s embrace is warm, and Mommy’s body is soft. Mommy will speak softly, kiss my forehead, and call me baby… So move aside and let me up. I want to save Mommy! I can’t lose Mommy!” 
Pete’s cries made Xander fall silent again. He watched as Pete propped himself up with his small arms, but fell down again because of the drug. Xander suddenly said, “Your mother is fine. I was joking.” 
Pete was taken aback. 
Xander’s face tensed up as he glanced back and continued, “They haven’t attacked yet, but it seems like they haven’t reached an agreement. They’re about to attack. Forget it, I’m in a good mood today and don’t want to kill anyone. I’ll save your mother!” 
With that, he pushed Pete away and quietly opened the car door before getting out. 
He walked forward step by step.
He was already extremely afraid when he saw the backs of the two bodyguards. 
Butterscotch had been his sky back then, and his sky had been pierced by these two bodyguards. Xander had been fearless since he was young, but he was afraid of these two bodyguards. 
Now, he wanted to save Pete and Cherry’s mother from the hands of these two bodyguards. Thinking about it, he felt like he had gone crazy! 
However, when he saw Pete struggling and Nora driving to catch up to him, he felt inexplicably sad. 
So this was how it felt to have a mommy! 
At the thought of this, he mustered his courage and walked toward them. 
As soon as he approached them, he heard the two bodyguards say, “Miss Smith, since you don’t know how to appreciate my kindness, don’t blame me for being nasty!” 
With that, the two of them attacked. 
The few of them did not see that Xander had silently slipped out. At this moment, he was hiding behind a tree. 
When Xander heard their words, he suddenly became anxious. He suddenly shouted and rushed to the two bodyguards with his eyes closed, hugging one of their legs tightly. Then, Xander shouted, “You’re not allowed to hurt Cherry’s mother!” 
The two bodyguards were stunned. 
One of them narrowed his eyes and sneered. “Xander, you’re really insensible. Mr. Yale has instructed us. If you’re insensible, don’t blame us for being ruthless!” 
Xander was already trembling in fear when he heard his words.
He swallowed hard and looked at Nora. He shouted, “Pete’s mommy, run quickly! I’ll spare your life today!” 
With that, he looked at the bodyguards again. “I said, you’re not allowed to hurt her!” 
The bodyguard chuckled softly and bent down to grab his collar. Xander was immediately picked up. 
His feet left the ground and kicked in the air as he glared at the bodyguard in fear. 
Pete, I helped you save your mommy! 
But where was his mother? 
As soon as this thought crossed his mind, he suddenly heard a deep and cold voice. “You’re courting death.” 
Xander was stunned. 
He wanted to know who was looking for death, so he turned around and saw that Nora’s expression had become dark. Her almond-shaped eyes were filled with coldness. 
Her gaze was fixed on the bodyguard’s hand that was holding him, and she quickly took a step forward. 
Another bodyguard had already jumped in front of them. “Miss Smith, we’re lecturing the child on behalf of Mr. Yale. You don’t have to worry. I’ll play with you…” 
Xander: !! 
Why was Pete’s mother so stupid? She still wanted to fight!
The bodyguard was almost a head taller than her and was strong. Although she was also very tall, she was like a child when she stood in front of him. 
Pete’s mommy is so stupid! 
Xander was like a puppy. When he was being carried, he was anxious that Nora would not have the opportunity to escape. 
Xander felt that it was all over. 
Now, not only was Pete captured, but his mother was also going to be captured. As for him, he had violated his father’s wishes. After he was captured, he would definitely be locked in the basement for a year. 
He would even make these two bodyguards educate him well… 
Xander could not help but shiver when he thought of that scene. 
At this moment, he was in despair. 
However, in his despair, he suddenly had a ridiculous idea. 
If his mother was still alive, would she come and save him? 
Just as this thought surfaced in his mind, he heard a loud bang. Xander could not help but cover his eyes. 
It was all over. 
That bodyguard was indeed powerful. Pete’s mother had been beaten up so badly! 
He did not even dare to look…
When Pete sees this, he would definitely cry… 
After these thoughts flashed through his mind, he heard the bodyguard holding him say in a deep voice, “Have you learned wrestling before?” 
Xander: “?” 
He subconsciously widened the gap between his fingers and looked, only to see that the other demon bodyguard had collapsed on the ground. 
A long leg stepped on his back, preventing him from breaking free. 
Moving up that leg, he saw Nora standing there against the light. Her voice was still cold, but the words she said were like the sound of nature. “Let go of the child. I’ll play with you.” 
Xander was placed on the ground in a daze. Then, he saw the bodyguard, who had held him like a pillar, exchange only three blows with the woman before being slammed to the ground. 
Then, he saw the woman send him flying far away with a kick. His body left a long mark on the ground. 
The two bodyguards who could subdue Butterscotch and who could never be defeated in his eyes fell to the ground and vomited blood, unable to get up. 
Then, the woman looked at him and walked toward him. 
The sun behind her was about to set. It emitted a dazzling red light and shone a warm light on this woman. 
At this moment, Xander suddenly had an idea.
How good would it be if she was his mother? 
However, he then lowered his head and realized that his thoughts were ridiculous and hilarious. 
How was this possible?
###Chapter 679
Chapter 679 I’m Your Mommy 3 
Deep envy for Pete and Cherry suddenly rose in Xander’s heart. 
First, Justin planned to abandon him for them. 
Then, they had such a powerful mother… 
The two of them were really too blessed. 
As he was thinking, the bodyguard who had been kicked away by the woman suddenly said, “Xander, we’re all doing this for you. How can you be like this?” 
With that, Xander immediately looked at the woman in front of her in a panic. 
He wanted to explain, but he suddenly felt that there was no need to. This person was originally his enemy. Even if he said something, would this person believe him? 
Just like when he was accused last time, he had shut his mouth tightly and did not explain anything to Justin. At this moment, he became stubborn again, and an awkward and aggrieved feeling rose in his heart. 
He stared at Nora. 
The woman in front of him suddenly narrowed her eyes filled with hostility and killing intent. 
Ever since he was young, Xander had been most afraid of these two bodyguards. They had left an irreparable wound in his heart. 
The second was Trueman.
Yes, he was afraid of Trueman. 
Although Trueman had never fought in front of him or hit him, he was very perceptive and had intuition. 
He knew that he had to curry favor with Trueman in order to live well. 
Justin was the third person he was afraid of. The aura he occasionally emitted was frightening. 
The woman in front of him was clearly thin. Compared to the other men, she seemed a little too thin. 
However, for some reason, Xander felt a strong ruthlessness and killing intent at this moment. It made him feel even more afraid than the two bodyguards did. 
Xander’s small body trembled. 
Trueman’s father had said that he was this woman’s thorn in the flesh. She would find a chance to get rid of him. 
So, was this the opportunity? 
She would kill him and say that she had accidentally injured him when she was saving Pete. That would be perfect! 
This thought suddenly gave rise to a rebellious state in Xander’s heart. 
Then, he watched as the woman suddenly rushed toward him. She even reached out a fist and aimed it at his head. 
Xander did not move or dodge. 
Perhaps it could be said that the woman was too fast and he did not have time to react at all. He could only feel the wind of the punch coming at him before he closed his eyes.
Living was tiring and he did not have any dignity. 
However, Xander had never wanted to die. 
Was he going to die here today? 
A loud bang was heard. Then, he heard someone grunt and fall to the ground with a heavy thud. 
However, the expected pain and head injury did not arrive. Xander was stunned for a moment before he slowly opened one eye. 
He saw her standing in front of him, waving her fists. 
He turned around and saw that the first bodyguard who had been beaten down by her had collapsed behind him. He was holding a dagger in his hand. 
Drip. 
Something warm fell on his face, 
ar 
ce. 
Xander looked up in a daze and saw that the woman’s hand was tightly clutching the blade of the dagger. Her fingers had been pierced by the sharp blade, and they were dripping with blood. 
Xander understood. 
Just now, the bodyguard behind him had wanted to kill him with a dagger. It was this woman who had saved him! 
Xander did not expect this at all. He looked at Nora in a daze.
He opened his mouth to speak, but before he could, the woman suddenly reached out with her other hand and grabbed the man’s shoulder. With a little force, she pulled him behind her. 
“How dare you hurt him? You’re courting death!” 
As these cold words came out, Nora suddenly stepped forward and swung her arm forcefully. The blade in her hand hit the bodyguard’s chest! 
The bodyguard was stabbed in the heart and died on the spot. 
Nora’s eyes were still shining with a fierce light. The killing intent around her was strong 
She suddenly looked at the bodyguard she had kicked away and saw that he had bitten the poison in his mouth and died. 
Both bodyguards were dead. 
Xander looked at their corpses in disbelief, stunned. 
“Don’t look.” 
The woman covered his eyes with her intact hand and took him into her arms. 
Xander’s body froze. 
The woman’s embrace was warm and soft. It was completely different from Trueman’s body. It was fragrant, like medicine. 
Was this the scent of Pete’s mother? 
Xander’s nose suddenly felt sour.
He really wanted such a cool mother… But why did Pete’s mother want to protect him even if she had to get injured? 
They were clearly on opposing sides? 
When Xander thought of this, he secretly looked at Nora’s left hand. Her fingers had a huge wound pierced by the blade, and they were still bleeding. 
However, Nora did not stop the bleeding. She only turned Xander’s head so that he could not see the two dead bodies. She asked in a very low voice, “Where’s Pete?” 
At this moment, Pete’s safety was more important than reuniting with Xander. 
These three words instantly jolted Xander back to reality. 
He looked into the distance in a daze and pointed at the car. “In the car, he was drugged…” 
Almost as soon as he finished speaking, Nora quickly took him to the car. 
When she arrived at the car and confirmed that there was no one else around, Nora opened the backseat door. She saw Pete sitting up with his butt sticking out. 
Unfortunately, the drug’s effect made him feel weak all over. 
Hearing the car door, Pete slowly raised his head. When he saw Nora, his eyes lit up. “Mommy!” 
“Yes.” 
Nora carried Pete out and checked his pulse. After confirming that the little guy had only fainted from a small amount of knockout drug and was fine, she relaxed. 
Just now, she was really worried about Pete. They had only known each other for a few months…
“Mommy, I’m fine!” 
Pete said softly and comforted Nora. 
Xander looked at the two of them from the side, his eyes were already red. 
He turned his head silently and looked to the side. 
At this moment, he felt like a third wheel. 
Actually, yes. He was redundant, to begin with. 
Before he returned, his father had said that his mission was to destroy their family of four. But now, when he looked at Nora and Pete, he thought of Justin and Cherry. 
Xander lowered his eyes and slowly moved. 
His departure was indeed the best for them. 
However, after taking two steps, his shoulder was suddenly held back. 
Xander was stunned. He slowly turned around and saw Nora standing there, asking him curiously, “Where are you going?” 
Where was he going? 
At this moment, Xander suddenly felt extremely aggrieved by this question. 
He also wanted to know where he was going! 
If he left here after betraying his father, where could he go?
He would rather wander alone than harm their family of four again. 
Xander sniffled and said arrogantly, “I can go wherever I want. Who are you to control me?” 
Nora stared at the little boy and said slowly, “I’m your Mommy.”
###Chapter 680
Chapter 680 I’m Your Mommy 4 
There was no one on this road and no cars in sight. 
At this moment, there was only the sound of the wind blowing in the distance. Nora’s voice seemed to have merged with the wind, making Xander feel like he had heard something wrong. 
He looked at Nora in confusion. He hesitated and asked, “What did you say?” 
Nora looked at the little fellow. 
Xander had been raised by Trueman since he was young. He had a strange and stubborn personality. At this moment, his entire body was prickling, as if he was resisting all the warmth from the outside world. 
She turned to look at Pete. He was safe and had fallen asleep in peace. 
Nora hugged Pete with one hand and reached out to Xander with the other that was covered in blood. “Let’s get to know each other. I’m your mother.” 
Xander stared at the wound on her palm. 
He still felt that he had heard incorrectly. “What mother? Stepmother?” 
Could it be that because he had planned to save them, this woman was touched and had decided to adopt him? 
The thought made him happy at first. 
However, his happiness immediately sank. 
He, Xander, wanted a mother, but he was definitely not fighting with others for one…
He took a step back and sneered. “I don’t need anyone else’s pity. Scram! I’m telling you, you don’t have to pretend in front of me. Justin isn’t here, either. Why must you?” 
When Nora heard this, she sighed silently. 
This child was really too cautious. 
She was about to explain when a car arrived in the distance. 
“Nora, don’t worry. I’m here to save you!” 
Brenda shouted her slogan and jumped out of the car. When she saw the situation in front of her, she was stunned. “What? What’s going 
on?! 
Nora: “…” 
Brenda looked around. “Where is he?” 
Nora asked curiously, “Who?” 
“The hero who saved you. Nora, don’t tell me you killed these two people.” 
“…No.” 
Nora was a good citizen. How could she kill someone? She explained, “They committed suicide.” 
Brenda got the others to check on the two dead bodyguards and confirmed that they had both committed suicide by poisoning. 
The person who was stabbed in the heart by Nora had swallowed the poison after he was sent flying by Nora’s punch… Therefore, at this moment, it was unclear if he was killed by that hit or the poison.
How could Brenda care about this? 
She only looked at Pete before glaring at Xander. “Xander, what did you do to Pete? You’re so small, how can you be so evil?!” 
Xander laughed coldly when he heard this. He hugged his arms and stared at Brenda without saying a word. 
Brenda was even more furious. “Tell me, who is your mother? How did she teach you to be like this? She’s too much! I must find her and chat!” 
Xander lowered his eyes. He was about to say that her mother was already dead when he heard Nora say again, “What do you want to talk about?” 
Brenda said angrily, “I want to talk about Xander’s thoughts, of course. How can he be so vicious at such a young age? He even harmed his half-brother!” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “It’s not his fault.” 
Before Nora had fought with the two bodyguards earlier, she had seen with her own eyes that Xander was planning to save her. Furthermore, when she went to hug Pete, she had also realized that the rope around his hand had loosened. This made her realize that there must be something else going on. 
When Brenda heard this, she leaned close to Nora’s ear. “Nora, don’t worry. In my heart, I only recognize you as my sister-in-law. However, I have to investigate who gave birth to Xander. Besides, I definitely won’t let Pete suffer from this. If you feel uncomfortable, I’ll help you teach Xander a lesson!” 
Nora: “…There’s no need. I’ll do it myself.”
Brenda: “?” 
She was stunned. “Aren’t you afraid of getting in conflict with my brother?” 
Just as Brenda thought about this, she heard Nora say, “It’s the mother’s fault that the child was not educated properly. I’m his mother, so this doesn’t involve you.” 
Brenda: “!” 
She was stunned. 
She lowered her head to look at Xander and then looked up at Nora again. In the end, she still asked in disbelief, “Nora, you, you mean that Xander is your son?” 
“Yes.” 
Nora did not want to touch Xander with her bloody hands, so she stood in front of him. 
Xander pursed his lips. “Hey, stupid woman. I told you, I don’t need sympathy, and I don’t need you to be my stepmother either. You…” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he saw Nora suddenly turn back and look at him. She slowly squatted down and looked into his eyes. Then, she said word by word, “I’m not your stepmother. I’m your biological mother…” 
Xander was stunned. 
This time, he was really stunned. 
He stared at Nora in disbelief. He only felt that the world was a fantasy. 
Was he dreaming?
Did God hear his inner thoughts and make him hallucinate? 
Xander swallowed, the words coming out of his mouth were very awkward and proud: “So what if you say that? My mother died long ago, my father said so. Do you have any evidence?”
###Chapter 681
Chapter 681 Birthday Party! 1 
Five days later. 
On the Hunt twin’s birthday, the entire house had been busy since morning. The birthday party was at dinner, but all kinds of fresh ingredients were sent in early in the morning. 
The manor was busy but orderly. 
In the hall of Justin’s villa. 
Cherry was wearing a beautiful dress. 
Pete was also wearing a suit, looking very gentlemanly. 
However, Xander was wearing a set of casual clothes. He had a white short-sleeved shirt and black pants with a red jacket on top. No matter how one looked at it, he did not look dressed appropriately. 
The butler stood at the side with a small suit on the tray in his hand, pleading with him. “Xander, young master, please change into this first.” 
Xander reached out and pretended to grab him. He grinned and said, “Don’t call me that. Mr. Hunt and Ms. Smith haven’t proven that I’m their son yet. I won’t admit it!” 
That’s right. 
Xander had asked her that day, “Do you have any evidence?” 
Nora’s answer had been, “Not for the time being. But I had given birth to triplets.” 
Xander pursed his lips. “But that doesn’t mean that I’m the third!”
Nora: “?” 
She felt that what he said made sense. 
Xander became proud. He raised his chin and said, “If there’s no evidence, I won’t acknowledge you as my mother. , even Justin might not be my real father!” 
Nora: “…” 
“So.” Xander raised his little chin. “Bring out the evidence If you want me to acknowledge you!” Nora realized that Xander had a proud personality. He liked it when others begged him… 
Helpless, she could only agree. 
Anyway, the DNA test report was about to come out… 
Because Nora was injured, she had been staying in the Smiths for the past few dayssleeping. Her way of recovery was through sleep. 
Therefore, Pete and Cherry were both at the Hunts. 
Nora did not come today. When she woke up, she went to the hospital to look for Lily. She helped Lily by standing beside her and urging her to finish the report quickly. 
She would only come back when she got the report. 
Therefore, the few people in the hall were waiting for her arrival. 
Xander glanced at the door, his eyes filled with anticipation. Nevertheless, he deliberately pretended not to care. “Tsk, the report isn’t out yet. How slow! Hey, is your girlfriend okay?” The last sentence was said to Justin, who was sitting on the sofa.
Justin: “…” 
He grimaced and suppressed his anger. 
He had pretty much confirmed the little guy’s identity, which was why he was tolerating him so much. 
Before Nora went to bed, she even reminded him to get along well with Xander and not to provoke him. 
Justin was afraid that Xander would complain to Nora. He had really tolerated everything these past few days. 
He took a deep breath and told himself that it was his biological son. Only then did he go back to reading the documents on the computer. 
Xander grinned and turned to look at Pete. “So your father is a mute.” 
Justin: “…” 
Veins were popping out on his forehead. 
Pete rolled his eyes. “Don’t go overboard. If God can’t stand it anymore, and the DNA report says that you’re not his son, you’ll be in trouble.” Xander: “?” 
Even someone as bold as him was shocked by these words. 
He swallowed and turned to look at the door again. He suddenly asked, “How’s your mother’s hand?” 
Nora had been injured because of him. Xander was touched, so he found an excuse to ask. 
Pete replied, “I don’t know.”
Xander: “…Can’t you call and ask? Why are you so unfilial?!” 
Pete rolled his eyes. “Who was the reason that my mother got injured? Who’s the unfilial one?! 
Of course, he had gone to see his mother. 
Two days ago, he had gone to the Smiths. At that time, he had even called out to Xander and asked if he wanted to go with him, but Xander had arrogantly rejected him. 
“…” 
The two little fellows were about to quarrel when footsteps finally came from the door. Nora entered with the DNA report. 
Elsewhere. 
In the front hall, Mrs. Hunt was holding Mrs. Livingstone’s hand and looking around. 
Mrs. Livingstone said angrily, “Mrs. Hunt, that Nora is really too much. She said she wouldn’t treat Thoma. So, she really didn’t want to see him. We bought a person’s appointment and to cut the queue for her to see him, but when she found out, she canceled it!” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned and sneered. “She must have been frustrated lately!” 
When Mrs. Livingstone heard this, she instantly became curious. “Why?” 
Mrs. Hunt said, “That illegitimate child kidnapped Pete. She even injured her hand trying to save Pete. Sigh, in the end, that illegitimate child was still brought home by Justin… She’s so angry that she hasn’t visited for four days. Logically speaking, she should come over and keep an eye on her son and daughter in their birthday party.”
Only then did Mrs. Livingstone vent her anger. “That’s good! I think Justin was only interested in her for a moment. Over time, with her bad temper, how can he stand it? 
There’s even that illegitimate child, Xander, mixed in. He kidnapped Pete this time, who knows what he’ll do in the future! This is just one big problem. It’s the barrier between her and Justin for the rest of their lives, hehe!”
###Chapter 682
Chapter 682 Birthday Party! 2 
Time passed slowly. Soon, the sky turned dark, but the Hunt Manor was brightly lit. All kinds of luxury cars were gathered. When they arrived at the Hunts’ territory, everyone listened to the security guards obediently and parked their cars in the parking lot. 
Only a manor as big as the Hunts and Smiths could hold so many cars! 
Everyone was dressed very well. They were all in luxurious dresses and suits. They entered the hall with smiles. 
Those who were invited by the Hunts to their children’s birthday party were all famous figures in New York. For a moment, the hall was filled with people’s greetings. 
Other families might need to have their masters receive guests at the door when they held a banquet, but the Hunts only sent a member of the side family to guard the place. Justin did not appear in the hall at all. 
However, the guests did not feel neglected. Instead, they entered the hall humbly. 
The men gathered to discuss the current economic trends. 
The women gathered together and gossiped in secret. 
“The lounge upstairs is where Mr. Hunt is, right? I heard that up until now, no guest has been invited upstairs by him.” 
Everyone wanted to get to know Justin. On such occasions, he would also invite a few people upstairs for a chat. Some were businessmen, and some were new CEOs.
However, up until now, no one had been invited upstairs. 
“Yes, I wonder who could be invited upstairs…” 
“So what even if someone gets invited upstairs? What’s rarer is for Mr. Hunt to come downstairs to personally welcome someone, right? He’s so proud and aloof. It seems like he has never welcomed a guest at the door before.” 
“You’re thinking too much. Who has the face to make Mr. Hunt come downstairs?!” 
As the few of them were chatting, they suddenly realized that the door to the lounge upstairs had suddenly opened. Justin rushed down and straightened his clothes as he walked. 
Everyone below fell silent at that moment. 
Everyone turned to look at him and saw him go downstairs with hurried footsteps. He was tall and had long legs. He went out the door in just three steps. 
Everyone: “?” 
“Who’s here?” 
Everyone looked at the door curiously and saw Justin respectfully supporting Ian as he walked in. He stood beside Ian and lowered his head slightly in a respectful manner. 
Joel followed beside the two of them with a smile. Beside him was Tanya holding Mia’s hand. 
As soon as they entered, everyone in the living room came to a sudden realization. 
That’s right, the Smith family was the only family in the country who could compete with the Hunts.
In the past, Justin would not lower his head in front of the Smiths because he was powerful and did not fear them. But now… he was their son-in-law! 
Through Justin’s respectful attitude toward Ian, and the way he completely placed himself as a junior to receive him, everyone understood. 
It seemed like Mr. Hunt was very happy with Miss Smith! 
It made sense! 
Miss Smith had given birth to two children for Justin! 
Everyone was thinking about this question in their hearts when they saw the butler supporting Mrs. Hunt and walking toward Ian and the others. As soon as she walked over, she smiled and said, “Ian, you’re here!” 
Ian frowned. 
Justin and Nora were already engaged. Furthermore, under such circumstances, he could not throw a tantrum and refuse to acknowledge this son-in-law. 
Therefore, Ian nodded. “Mrs. Hunt, how are you feeling today?” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed and said heavily, “Not very good. I worry about my family every night!” 
Ian: “?” 
Before he could ask anything, Mrs. Hunt said, “It’s our Justin who has let the Smiths down regarding Xander. However, Xander is also a child of Justin. He’s his biological son, so I can’t just give him up.
Sigh, Ian, I’ll apologize to you here! I hope the Smiths can let bygones be bygones. We’ll still be good in- laws in the future!” 
As soon as she said this, the surrounding people instantly began to discuss softly. 
“No wonder Mr. Hunt is so polite to the Smiths. So he did something wrong…” 
“It seems like the matter of the illegitimate child is true, but Mrs. Hunt is really muddle-headed to mention this in front of so many people!” 
“That’s right. If the Smiths forgave Mr. Hunt, it would make the Smiths lose face. It’s as if the Smiths are one level lower than the Hunts. But if they don’t forgive them, are they going to argue on the spot? Mrs. Hunt is being more and more confusing!” 
However, some people’s eyes lit up and they sneered. “What are you talking about? Mrs. Hunt is openly suppressing her granddaughter-in-law!” 
This sentence made everyone around shut their mouths and look over. 
The battle between Mrs. Hunt and Miss Smith began now! 
Ian stared at Mrs. Hunt with coldness in his eyes. 
How could he not know about the most heated discussion in New York? 
At home, he had asked Nora if she wanted to clarify things. In the end, Nora said that the truth was not like what was being said outside. As for the details, they would be revealed today. 
Therefore, Ian suppressed the anger in his heart and nodded at Mrs. Hunt before going upstairs. 
It was his grandchildren’s birthday today. He did not want to argue here to avoid making a fool of himself!
If he did not speak, she would take it that he had given in. 
However, looking at him like this, Mrs. Hunt raised her nose and said, “Ian, you’re forgiving Justin, right? I knew it. Miss Smith is a good child, and you two are reasonable people. Besides, Miss Smith and Justin already have two children. Even if it’s just for the children, she has to bear with it…” 
These words made even more people frown. 
They felt that something was wrong. Why did she have to endure it for the sake of the children? 
Did the old lady want to use the children to extort Nora? 
“It’s like saying that since you got pregnant before marriage, you can only marry our Hunts? 
Everyone looked at Ian. 
Ian slowly frowned. “Mrs. Hunt, what do you 
mean?” 
Mrs. Hunt continued to pretend to be ignorant. “What I mean is, for the sake of Cherry and Pete, the Smiths shouldn’t fuss about it with our family! Look, you’re here for their birthday party today. Doesn’t this mean that you won’t fuss about it anymore?” 
Ian: “!” 
There was no change in his expression, but he was furious deep down. 
His daughter had not married into the family yet, but she was already being looked down on. 
This was too much!
He was about to speak when Mrs. Hunt continued, “From now on, we’re all family. I have to treat Xander better. He’s so pitiful. Without his mother by his side, I can’t treat him unfairly and make him resist!” 
Mrs. Hunt said this in front of everyone. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as she finished speaking, Justin slowly said, “Grandma, Xander has a mother.”
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683 Birthday Party 3 
When Justin said this, the entire place became silent. 
Everyone looked at each other in amusement. 
Even Mrs. Hunt was stunned. When she had asked Justin about Xander’s mother, he had said that if that person dared to appear, he would definitely kill her. Then, he had said that his mother was dead. 
But now, why did a mother appear? 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
She had appeared in front of Ian and mentioned the illegitimate child in front of so many people. She also said that Nora was pregnant before marriage because she wanted Nora to have a bad reputation in the upper-class society in New York. It was to suppress her so that she would not rely on the love of the Smiths and Justin to do whatever she wanted at home! 
After all, she no longer cared about herself. 
Last time, when she asked her to treat Thomas, Nora had rejected her and did not care about her at all. 
Nora’s identity was really too good. 
Not to mention being Ian’s only daughter, just Nora’s status as a doctor ensured that Mrs. Hunt would not have to worry about herself when she was old. But now, Justin said that Xander’s mother was still around and he actually did not seem to hate her… 
Mrs. Hunt was shocked, and her expression changed.
Ian frowned and looked at Justin unhappily! 
What was the meaning of this? 
However, the scheming Ian did not explode on the spot. After all, this was his grandson and granddaughter’s birthday party. No matter how many grievances he felt, he had to suppress them. 
Mrs. Hunt was burning with anxiety. Before she could say anything, Mrs. Livingstone, who had been standing beside her, watched the commotion and said, “Huh? In that case, Mr. Hunt, you know Xander’s mother? But speaking of which, it wasn’t easy for that woman to give birth to your child. She even raised her child for five years. Our family really should treat her well, right?” 
Mrs. Hunt wanted to suppress Nora, but she still wanted this granddaughter-in-law. 
But Mrs. Livingstone wanted to foil this marriage! 
Her son had gone to several hospitals but could not be treated. He even went to see a traditional alternative medicine doctor. In the end, the doctor told her that he would never recover. 
If he really wanted to try, only Dr. Zabe’s disciples could treat him. 
Their only hope was with Nora, but Nora did not help them! 
Mrs. Livingstone hated Nora. 
If you don’t treat my son? Then don’t even think about living well! 
Mrs. Livingstone was about to say something when Mrs. Hunt suddenly grabbed her arm and stopped her from speaking. She looked at Ian. “Justin, you’re being ridiculous. How could Xander have a mother? Even if he does, our family will never admit it! On behalf of the Hunts, I only acknowledge Nora as my granddaughter-in-law!”
With that, she turned to Justin and scolded, I don’t care what you think about Xander’s mother. She’s never allowed to enter my family, do you hear me?” 
Mrs. Hunt’s attitude changed drastically. 
Justin’s eyes narrowed. Just as he was about to announce who Xander’s mother was, Mrs. Livingstone said, “Auntie, you’re wrong! She’s Xander’s mother, after all. It’s only natural for her to want to see her son! Why can’t she marry into the family? Even if Miss Smith marries Mr. Hunt, she has to be magnanimous. She can’t suppress a mistress… We’re all dignified people, so we can’t do such a thing, right?” 
Mrs. Livingstone’s words were very vicious. 
She compared Xander’s mother to a mistress. Under such circumstances, if Ian did not break the engagement soon, the entire New York would laugh at the Smiths! 
If he let his only daughter compete with a mistress, the Hunts would forever trample on the Smiths. 
Ian pursed her lips and looked at Justin again. 
He had seen with his own eyes how much Justin liked Nora. There must be a reason for this person to suddenly mention Xander’s mother. 
As for the inside story, why was he still so calm… 
Unless… 
Ian thought of something and his pupils suddenly constricted. He suddenly looked at Justin. Could it be…
Ian’s eyes lit up. 
When Mrs. Livingstone said this, Mrs. Hunt’s expression changed drastically. She pointed at her and said, “How ignorant! How could a woman like that enter my family? Justin won’t have anything to do with that kind of woman in the future!” 
Mrs. Hunt was furious. 
No matter how important her maternal family was, they were not as important as her grandson! 
Mrs. Livingstone’s words were too heartbreaking! 
Mrs. Livingstone covered her mouth and laughed. “Auntie, why are you so angry? Justin didn’t even say who she is. Besides, she might even be a daughter of a wealthy family. Look at you, you’re simply denying her!” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her eyes. “I don’t care who she is, I won’t acknowledge her!” 
She had meticulously raised Pete to have a high IQ. He was someone more outstanding than Justin and was destined to become the Hunts’ heir. 
No matter how good her status was, she did not want it! 
Furthermore, Nora’s status was already very high. 
As soon as Mrs. Hunt finished speaking, Justin said, “She’s indeed from a wealthy family.” 
Mrs. Livingstone smiled. “Oh? Who is it? Do we know each other?”
###Chapter 684
Chapter 684 Birthday Party! 4 
Justin continued to smile. “You should have heard of her by now!” 
This meant that she was of high status! 
Mrs. Livingstone was even more excited. “Then tell me…” 
Beside her, Mrs. Hunt pulled Mrs. Livingstone’s hand hard and even began to pinch her arm, but Mrs. Livingstone didn’t pay attention. 
Mrs. Hunt’s anger rose. She only wanted to throw Mrs. Livingstone out! 
Why did her maternal family have such a foolish niece-in-law? 
She suppressed Nora only because of a small trick. Later on, when she took a liking to Nora, she helped her make up for it and save her face. 
However, Mrs. Livingstone was determined to ruin this marriage. 
Mrs. Hunt’s blood boiled. She felt that she had suppressed her granddaughter-in-law here for her maiden family. But what had her maiden family done? 
Not to mention that Nora was the best candidate for being the Hunts’ daughter-in-law, but if she ruined this marriage, how could she still have the face to stay in the Hunts?! 
At this moment, Mrs. Hunt was suddenly a little disappointed. 
For so many years, she had been working hard for her family.
The Livingstones had long been in dire straits. If not for her being here, the Livingstones would probably have been removed from the first tier of the wealthy families. 
She had done so much for her maternal family. What did she get in the end?! 
Mrs. Hunt was furious. 
Unable to shut Mrs. Livingstone’s mouth, she could only look at Justin and wonder at the same time. 
What was wrong with her grandson today?! 
She knew how much he cared about Nora. But why was he suddenly not giving the Smiths face today? 
Whispered discussions filled the entire banquet hall. 
“Oh my god, is Mr. Hunt not planning to marry the Smiths?” “Then why is he so polite to Mr. Smith?! It can’t be an apology, right?” 
“Miss Smith is so pitiful. She isn’t even married yet, but she’s already fighting for favor with others…” 
“Whose daughter is she? How can she seduce Mr. Hunt? Hasn’t Mr. Hunt been pure of heart for so many years? When we were young, we even said that he didn’t get close to women! It was said that he’d be disgusted if women touch him… Why are there so many women now?!” 
As the crowd was discussing, Justin lowered his eyes. 
He had already achieved his goal. 
After all, Mrs. Hunt was his grandmother. However, because of Thomas, she was very dissatisfied with Nora and had even caused a lot of trouble in private. 
He knew that he had to let Mrs. Hunt see the true colors of her family.
After all, this was the grandmother who had raised him. He could not chase her out when she was old. Furthermore, she had given her heart to Pete before. 
Therefore, when Mrs. Hunt first spoke, he did not stop her and even added fuel to the fire. He did this to let Mrs. Livingstone reveal her true nature. 
Now, the old lady should be very dissatisfied with Mrs. Livingstone, right? 
Only then did Justin slowly say, “Not only has Mrs. Livingstone heard of the eldest daughter of the Smiths, but she has also seen her, right?” 
Everyone: “” 
Everyone was puzzled, not understanding what he was saying. 
Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. “The Smiths? Which Smiths?” 
At the mention of the Smiths, everyone would only think of the Smiths in New York, but was there another wealthy Smith family? 
Justin lowered his eyes and sneered before looking at Mrs. Hunt. 
At this moment, Mrs. Hunt had already reacted. She looked at Justin in shock and felt stunned. Could it be… 
“Hahaha!” Ian’s loud laughter suddenly spread throughout the entire banquet hall. Then, he patted Justin’s shoulder. “Triplets! So Nora gave birth to triplets back then!” 
He raised his head proudly. “Three at a time. My daughter is so awesome!”
Everyone: “” 
The entire place was in an uproar. 
Everyone exploded and discussed the topic fervently. 
“Miss Smith gave birth to three children in one go? She’s too lucky!” 
“Oh my god! So there are no illegitimate children at all. All three children were born to Miss Smith. No wonder Mr. Hunt is so polite to the Smiths!” 
Mrs. Hunt was also overjoyed and heaved a sigh of relief. 
Justin said, “That’s right. Peter Hunt, Cheryl Smith, and Xander Yale are all Nora and my children!” 
With that, the surrounding people congratulated him. 
“Mr. Hunt, congratulations!” 
“Three children, two sons and a daughter. Mr. Hunt is so lucky!” 
Some people congratulated Ian. 
“Ian, you have three more grandchildren now. Congratulations! Hahaha, but you’re going to have to spend a lot of money. Have you prepared three gifts?” 
Ian was overjoyed. “Of course. How can I not have enough gifts?”. 
The others immediately got their family members to go back and prepare another gift. After all, they had only prepared two sets.
The people around them became busy. The great-grandmother was clearly Mrs. Hunt, but everyone ignored her. 
No one came forward to congratulate her. They could all see Miss Smith’s status in the Hunts in the future. 
Mrs. Hunt glared at Mrs. Livingstone and forced a smile. “So it’s a misunderstanding.” 
She was simply like a clown who had been laughed at by everyone! 
She wanted to suppress her granddaughter-in-law, but she did not expect to raise her status even more. 
With that, she pulled Mrs. Livingstone to the side. “Come with me!” 
The two of them left the hall and entered the lounge beside it. As soon as they entered, Mrs. Hunt turned around and slapped Mrs. Livingstone. “Pa!” 
Then, she shouted angrily, “What did you mean earlier? You made things so awkward for me!” 
Mrs. Livingstone covered her face and her eyes darted around before she sighed. “Auntie, I’m doing this for your own good. That little hussy hasn’t married in yet, but she’s already not giving you any face. What will happen if she marries in the future?” 
Mrs. Hunt was furious and her heart turned colder. “You don’t have to find excuses. You just wanted to interfere in that marriage!” 
Mrs. Livingstone pursed her lips and whispered, “Didn’t I fail in the end?” 
She had admitted it herself, and this made the old madam’s eyes turn cold.
She said coldly, “I’m Justin’s grandmother. He won’t do anything to me. Who do you think you are? You actually dare to publicly slander the Smiths?” 
Mrs. Livingstone covered her face and said, “Auntie, I’m your niece-in-law. He has to accept it for my sake, right? What can he do to me?” 
Her disdainful expression stabbed Mrs. Hunt like a needle. 
However, at this moment, the door was suddenly pushed open. Then, the Livingstones rushed in with flustered expressions.
###Chapter 685
Chapter 685 Birthday Present 1 
When Mrs. Livingstone saw the person, she was a little stunned and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
That person leaned over and whispered something in Mrs. Livingstone’s ear. Mrs. Livingstone suddenly stood up and looked at that person. “What did you say? The Stewarts aren’t cooperating with us anymore?” 
The person smiled bitterly. “It’s not just the Stewarts. The Levins, the Sonnets, and the Lowes have all conveyed their intentions to cancel the collaboration. I heard that it’s…” 
The person glanced at the old lady. “It was Mr. Hunt.” 
The Livingstones were dishonest in their business. Their prices were high and their quality was bad, but there were still so many people fawning on them. Wasn’t it because they wanted to establish ties with the Hunts? 
Now that Mrs. Livingstone had openly angered Justin, even if Justin did not say a word, that group of people would still revoke their cooperation! 
Mrs. Livingstone was completely stunned. She suddenly looked at Mrs. Hunt and realized how much she had been wrong. 
She said in disbelief, “H-how dare he?!” 
Justin had been very respectful to Mrs. Hunt since he was young. He also handled the Livingstones’ matters very carefully, so Mrs. Livingstone had the confidence to oppose Nora publicly. 
She did not expect Justin to do this for Nora.
She swallowed and fell in front of Mrs. Hunt. “Mrs. Hunt, auntie, you can’t ignore us! If you don’t care about us, the Livingstones will go bankrupt!” 
Mrs. Hunt stared at her. “Don’t be anxious. I’ll talk to Justin later.” 
She had openly provoked Ian earlier, and it had made Justin unhappy. 
She had watched him grow up and knew Justin very well. He did not expose the truth the moment she opened her mouth. Instead, he allowed her to slander Nora like a clown. Then, he revealed the truth just to embarrass her and teach her a lesson. 
As his grandmother, Mrs. Hunt was certain that Justin was a good child who valued relationships. Otherwise, he would not be so loyal to Nora. 
He would not do anything to Nora, but he would fall out with his own grandmother! 
Justin was now in charge of the Hunts. If his heart left her, how could she live so comfortably in the future?! 
Mrs. Hunt wanted to wait until Justin was no longer angry. Then, she would mention these things to Justin and ease the relationship between the two families. 
However, as soon as she said this, Mrs. Livingstone immediately shouted, “Auntie, Thomas is your grandnephew. We’re all part of your maiden family. We’re all your backing! Isn’t our situation a joke to others now? Go look for Mr. Hunt now! He definitely won’t reject your request!” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she instantly pursed her lips. 
When they were outside, Mrs. Livingstone did not listen to her and insisted on going against Nora. At that time, she had still felt that this niece-in-law of hers was just angry and did not think of her. 
But now, she was demanding her to do things so righteously…
Mrs. Hunt felt her heart being blocked. The family she loved so dearly had always been using her! 
The old lady covered her chest and waved at Mrs. Livingstone. “Go out!” 
Mrs. Livingstone was stunned. She looked at Mrs. Hunt and saw that her expression was ugly as if she could not breathe. She was instantly frightened and did not dare to speak again. 
However, before leaving the room, she could not help but turn back to look at her. Seeing that her fingers were trembling as she picked up the teacup and prepared to take a sip, Mrs. Livingstone threatened, “Mrs. Hunt, maiden family is a woman’s dignity. If the Livingstones fall, you won’t have any dignity left!” 
III1 
Bang! 
Mrs. Hunt suddenly threw the teacup in her hand to the ground and pointed at the door. “Scram!” 
Only then did Mrs. Livingstone jump up and leave. 
After she left, Mrs. Hunt sat there gasping for breath. The butler beside her quickly took out a Calming Pill and handed it to her. 
Mrs. Hunt’s chest heaved violently, and she felt like her heart was about to explode. However, after taking the medicine, she suddenly felt relieved. 
She lay down slowly with the help of the butler. 
After a long time, she slowly opened her muddy eyes and sighed. 
The butler asked, “Mrs. Hunt, what do you need?”
“Nothing…” 
Mrs. Hunt opened her mouth and suddenly looked at the small box with the medicine. For some reason, she suddenly paused and said in a daze, “This medicine was made by Nora, right…” 
The butler nodded. “Yes, Miss Smith made it herself. There are only two boxes in the entire city. You have one here.” 
There was also a box at the Andersons. 
The old lady paused and suddenly sighed heavily. 
Her resentment towards Nora suddenly faded. 
When she thought about what had happened previously, she did not even understand what she had done… 
How did she push her grandson away? 
She slowly closed her eyes. 
Downstairs, Ian entered the VIP room to rest. 
When the time came, Pete, Cherry, and Xander held hands as they went upstairs. 
Cherry stood in the middle. On her left was Pete, and on her right was Xander. 
Pete was wearing a gentleman’s suit and his behavior was very appropriate. 
Xander was wearing the same outfit, but he was twisting his body from side to side. He had lived in the basement since he was young, and he had never worn clothes that were of the right size. He felt like his tiny self was being trapped in this tiny suit!
He did not twist too much from left to right. And the little fella was good-looking and looked exactly like Justin when he was young, so he looked especially likable. 
Everyone below looked at him. 
Pete seemed to have sensed something and turned to look at Xander. The corners of his mouth immediately twitched, and he coughed to remind him, “Don’t twist around. It’s embarrassing!” 
Xander took a long time before saying, “…My pants are too tight.” 
Pete: “…” 
As a boy, he understood this kind of pain very well. Sometimes, his clothes would tighten before they were sorted out. He coughed and suddenly pushed Cherry to walk in front. He followed in front of Xander and whispered, “Hurry up and tidy it.” 
“Okay.” 
Before Cherry knew what was going on, the two children behind her had already dealt with the problem. 
When they went downstairs, the three children looked around and found it fun. 
The others were also full of praise for the three children. 
However, Mrs. Livingstone’s sharp voice was mixed in. “Speaking of three children, Pete is the most outstanding. After all, he grew up beside his father since he was young. He looks like a little aristocrat. Cherry and Xander are far from him!”
###Chapter 686
Chapter 686 Birthday Present 2 
Even if it was to curry favors, everyone praised the three children. Amidst the praise, Mrs. Livingstone’s words were especially striking. 
Everyone looked at her in unison. 
Mrs. Livingstone coughed. Anyway, she had already offended Justin, so she might as well go all out. “Why are you all looking at me? Look at the three children! Pete grew up with Justin and received elite education since he was young. What about Cherry? She grew up with Miss Smith, and everyone should have heard about Miss Smith’s past, right? She grew up in a small place in California. What kind of knowledge and horizons can she have? Cherry’s upbringing is definitely not as good as Pete’s.” 
At this point, she looked at Cherry. “Cherry, it’s not that I’m criticizing you, but you have to study hard. Girls who play games every day are bad. However, this isn’t your fault. You can’t blame yourself for having suitable environment to grow up in…” 
Although Nora was the eldest daughter of the Smiths, she grew up in a small place in California. 
Everyone knew about this, but Nora was Anti and also the disciple of Dr. Zabe. Who could guarantee that they would never need her help? 
Therefore, no one mentioned her past. 
However, with Mrs. Livingstone saying this, everyone could not help but size Cherry up. 
The little girl stood there gracefully. She was wearing a white princess dress and a cute diamond hair clip on her head. She looked adorable no matter how one looked at her. 
Cherry blinked her dark eyes and her expression darkened.
She suddenly thought of the time when her brother had forced her to study every day… 
At that time, her brother would always look at her and sigh. He even said that she should not embarrass mommy. 
She felt that she was soft, cute, and charming. How could she embarrass her mother? 
But now, she understood. 
So this group of people thought that she and her mother had been living in a bad environment since she was young? 
This was too infuriating! 
The little fella immediately stepped forward and raised her head to speak. “Grandma, have you been living well since you were young?” Mrs. Livingstone was a daughter of a wealthy family. She immediately raised her chin. “Of course.” 
Cherry instantly shrunk her neck. “Then I don’t want to grow up in a good environment. I don’t want to be like you and force my nose in other people’s matters.” 
With that, she suddenly covered her mouth. “Oh, I want to stay away from this woman. I’ll be infected by you! Why are you pointing fingers at others?! Mommy says this isn’t good!” 
Not being judgemental was the best virtue. 
Amongst the wealthy families and young ladies, this had always been the rule. However, where there were many women, there were many disputes and gossips.
The circle of wealthy madams in New York was too boring. Therefore, everyone often gossiped. It was not very good. 
At this moment, Cherry’s words made everyone present respect her. 
No matter what, just Cherry’s words showed that her upbringing was not bad! 
Mrs. Livingstone was so angry that her entire body trembled, but she still sneered and said, “Cherry, I’m your relative. That’s why I care about you. Why would I care about other people’s matters? If you despise me for disciplining you, then I’ll apologize to you! Sigh, kids these days are so sensitive. I can’t even say anything as an elder!” She was labeling Cherry as being disrespectful to her elders! 
Pete narrowed his eyes and stepped forward. He suddenly smiled and said, “Mrs. Livingstone, what kind of family do you come from? Why didn’t I know that we’re relatives?” 
Mrs. Livingstone immediately said, “Your great-grandmother is my aunt. I’m definitely your relative!” 
Pete seemed to be stunned. He was very gentlemanly as he seriously asked, “Is that so? Then everyone here today is my family, right?” 
Those who could attend the banquet were all from families deeply rooted in New York. Were they not related at all? 
Pete was being sarcastic. Where did she come from?! 
These words were like a slap to Mrs. Livingstone’s face, making her even angrier. 
However, on second thought, their relationship with the Hunts was really supported by Mrs. Hunt alone. She instantly blushed and stopped talking. 
Coincidentally, Ian and Justin came downstairs.
Mrs. Livingstone instantly shut her mouth. 
Ian and Justin had already arrived in front of the children and began to give them presents. 
Ian’s gift to Pete and Xander was his own shares in the company. Five percent was given to the two children just like that!
###Chapter 687
Chapter 687 Birthday Present (3) 
The two boys had received very precious and valuable gifts. The moment the shares were presented, they immediately aroused the envy and admiration of everyone around them! 
The Smith Corporation had a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars. It was impossible for one to spend all the money that came from even just five percent of the company’s shares! 
In that case, what was Ian going to give Cherry? 
While everyone was thinking about it, they saw Ian turn to Cherry. In addition to also giving her the same amount of shares, he took out an exquisite box and opened it. Inside the box was a diamond the size of a pigeon’s egg. 
Ian handed it to her. “This is the Heart of the Ocean. I got it at an auction a few years ago. I’m giving this to you today, Cherry. Do you like it?” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up. “Yeah, I do, I do!” 
Ian smiled with satisfaction. 
The crowd was dumbfounded for an instant. Then, a huge uproar went through them. 
That jewel was simply too rare. So many families had tried their darnedest to fight for it but little did they expect that it would end up in the hands of a five-year-old. 
Everyone’s eyes were filled with admiration. “I’m so envious of Cherry!” 
As soon as they said that, someone sighed and remarked, “What a pity. There were originally two such diamonds, so that is just one of them. There’s another one just like it, but its whereabouts are unknown
even now.” 
“Having one is enough! It’s only because the Smiths have such a big business that they can win the jewel in the auction. Apart from the Hunts, who else is rich enough to do that?!” 
While everyone was paying Cherry compliments, there were also some who didn’t agree with the way Mrs. Livingstone had lectured the child just now. They immediately said mockingly, “No matter how Cherry’s life was in the past, from the very day she returned to New York, she has been living in a nest of gold and silver! The girl still has a whole load of blessings ahead of her! Besides, Mr. Hunt is especially doting toward his daughter. She is most definitely the undisputed little princess of New York!” 
The veiled insults made Mrs. Livingstone so angry that she immediately retorted, “Even so, it won’t get rid of the fact that she lived in poverty when she was younger! A child’s personality solidifies by the time they turn five!” 
Some people also said with dissatisfaction, “You can’t say that she lived in poverty, right? I heard that their family is pretty well-to-do…” 
Although the Smiths in California were not as wealthy as the Smiths in New York, they were still rather well-off. With an annual income of over five million dollars, how would they really be that poor? 
Mrs. Livingstone pursed her lips. “Tsk, if they aren’t poor, then why don’t I see her relatives coming over to give her gifts?” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Most of the people who came with gifts had presented them on the spot. 
Ian, who was an especially close family member, had caused a huge sensation when presenting his gifts, but it was true they didn’t see any gifts from anyone from where Nora used to live.
While thinking about it, Mrs. Livingstone suddenly spotted Lisa in the crowd. 
Lisa was Nora’s cousin when she was living in California. Although her father, Henry, mistreated her, Nora had always been on good terms with her aunt. Lisa had also been willing to play with her when they were children. 
Since her children were celebrating their birthdays, Nora had also sent an invitation to her aunt. 
However, the place was simply too far away. Besides, Henry had simply gone too far overboard, so her aunt was too embarrassed to visit her. Thus, she had sent Lisa, who was studying at the New York University of Medicine, to come over as a representative of their family. 
Lisa had bought Lego sets for the children and was carrying them at the moment. 
Mrs. Livingstone, who had been paying attention to Nora, knew that Lisa was Nora’s cousin. She launched into mockery mode at once and said, “Oh my, it’s not like no one came at all, isn’t it? Ms. Black, you must be Ms. Smith’s cousin, right? Your mother is her aunt from that family, right?” 
Lisa flushed. She nodded and awkwardly hid the gifts in her hands behind her. 
She was really embarrassing Nora! 
In front of all the expensive gifts from others, her Lego sets were really not presentable. 
However, the more she hid, the more Mrs. Livingstone asked, “What gifts did you bring for the three children?” 
Lisa: “…” 
She took a step back in silence. 
Mrs. Livingstone, however, had already spotted the Lego sets behind her. After all, Lego boxes were simply too big. It was hard for people not to spot them. 
She immediately smiled and exclaimed, “Oh my, are those Lego sets?!”. 
Then, she took another glance and said, “How much do they cost? Why do they look like bootlegs to me…” 
Lisa panicked at once. “No way! These are genuine products from the official store. They cost more than $300!” 
Mrs. Livingstone smiled. “Oh, they cost more than $300? Then they must be authentic, after all. That’s so expensive!” 
As soon as she said that, Lisa realized that she had been tricked. She immediately flushed with embarrassment. 
Everyone around them was looking over and staring at her. 
Lisa was at a complete loss. 
At this point, Louis suddenly appeared behind Lisa and put his arm around her shoulders, his head of blond hair awfully blinding. He grinned and said, “Lisa, did you buy the gifts I asked you to buy on my behalf?” 
Then, he looked at the Lego sets in Lisa’s hands. “Hey, that’s the one! Cherry and Pete love that the most! They asked me to buy these for them! You’re simply so reliable!” 
He bent over, picked up the Lego sets, and handed them to Cherry and Pete. “Happy birthday, little guys!” 
Cherry hurriedly looked up and said, “Thank you, Uncle Louis!”
Louis said, “Tsk, Uncle Louis has lots of money. Why must you insist on something like this? I don’t even have anywhere to spend all that money now!” 
His words were a slap to Mrs. Livingstone’s face. 
If Lisa was the one giving them a gift worth $300, then perhaps it might really be because she was poor. But if it was Louis… As a Smith, how could he possibly be poor?! 
Everyone knew that he had earned millions of dollars recently! 
Mrs. Livingstone frowned and clenched her fists. Then, she sneered, “Nice acting, Mr. Smith!” 
Then, she asked cheerfully, “Then what is Ms. Black giving them? Surely you didn’t come empty-handed, right?”. 
Louis panicked when he heard this. 
Given his miserly nature, how could he possibly buy them gifts? He had been planning to give the children his stray cats and dogs. 
But he couldn’t possibly take the cats and dogs out now and say that they were from Lisa, right? 
He had wanted to give cats and dogs because the children liked animals. 
But if they came from Lisa, then it would again highlight that Nora used to live with a poor family. Louis was furious. If he had known, he would have spent a few hundred thousand dollars and bought them an expensive gift! As such, he could only smile sheepishly and say, “Why does she have to give them gifts? She’s younger than Nora, and is still studying at the moment! Are there any younger sisters who give their elder sister’s children gifts when they are still studying?”.
While that was certainly true, in this situation, Mrs. Livingstone, unfortunately, gained the upper hand at once. She said, “So, the family Ms. Smith used to live with really didn’t give them any gifts, right?!” 
Everyone started to speculate. Did Ms. Smith really live in poor conditions back then? 
Mrs. Livingstone continued to discredit Nora. “I have heard that her stepfather treated her very badly in the past. When she was a child, she never even went to school… I heard that all her clothes were also junkyard stuff. It’s understandable that a family like that wouldn’t come over and bring any gifts.” 
Almost as soon as she said that, someone suddenly walked in at the door. 
It was the butler. He was leading a distinguished man dressed in a black suit into the room. The man was very tall and looked quite old but still very gentlemanly. He looked straight at Cherry and said with a smile, “Cherry, I’ve come to give you your birthday gift.” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up when she saw him. “Grandpa John! Was my grandaunt unable to come? What a shame!” 
John, a butler, smiled and replied, “Yes, unfortunately, she wasn’t able to make it! However, she won’t scrimp on the gifts. I have brought them here.” 
When Mrs. Livingstone heard him, she immediately curled her lips disdainfully. 
It was normal that they would have relatives abroad. 
That so-called “Grandpa John” didn’t look like someone from a huge conglomerate, though. At best, he was just a butler. Never would she have thought that she was actually right on the mark. 
Mrs. Livingstone immediately smiled and said, “Your grandaunt? Cherry, you have a grandaunt overseas? What does she do for a living? Quick, open the present and let us have a look!”
###Chapter 688
Chapter 688 Birthday Present (4) 
Mrs. Livingstone looked at Cherry with a big smile after she spoke. 
Louis had resolved the trouble with Lisa’s gift just now, so she couldn’t attack Cherry with that. But the next moment, a so-called grandaunt had arrived. 
Mrs. Livingstone was waiting to launch into face-slapping mode after she took a look at the gift! 
She stared hard at the gift, her gaze so scorching that it was as if it could set the box on fire. 
At the side, both Ian and Justin narrowed their eyes. They glanced at Mrs. Livingstone, neither of them speaking. 
Both knew very well that Nora was no ordinary woman, and that the people she knew in the past were all very impressive. However, everyone seemed to be at a consensus that Nora had lived in tough circumstances in the past. 
In fact, they had even spun a dramatic story in their heads about how a poor girl had survived after her stepfather robbed her of the only financial assets that her mother had left behind. 
Therefore, even though they all knew that Nora’s medical skills were fantastic, the moment they thought of her past, they kept feeling pity and sympathy for her. 
There were even families that said that it was a pity about Ms. Smith; that if she had grown up in New York, she would most certainly have become even more outstanding than Yvonne Smith, yet she was just a doctor now… Nothing else about her seemed that great. 
Moreover, what people of social status like theirs were particular about were social connections and their social circle. 
If the friends one hung out with were impressive, then they would also be very impressive. 
Nora was already a full-grown adult. On top of that, she didn’t have any appropriate girlfriends among her peers in New York. This made her social circle even smaller. 
Nora would probably just be the young lady of the Smiths and Mrs. Hunt in the future. Apart from holding the occasional medical consultation, she would probably just stay at home, lead a stable life, and be a good wife and mother to her husband and kids, right? 
People like that were sad and pitiful. 
She obviously had a good family, yet she hadn’t received the education and opportunities that her family background could have given her when she was a child. 
Come to think of it, the story was worthy of being extolled, yet also lamentable. 
That was why Justin and Ian wanted to give Nora the opportunity to set an example and establish prestige among her peers during the occasion today so that everyone would know that she was no ordinary person! 
Thus, neither of them interrupted Mrs. Livingstone’s nonsense, but merely lowered their gazes. 
At the same time, the two big bosses also thought to themselves: “It’s about time that the Livingstones go bankrupt!” 
Of course, Mrs. Livingstone, who didn’t know that she had already become a thorn in the Smiths and the Hunts’ sides, was still digging her own grave. 
Even John was a little dumbfounded when he heard Mrs. Livingstone.
How could she force someone to open their gifts when they hadn’t decided whether to open them or not? 
John looked at Cherry a little hesitantly and asked, “Cherry, should I open it?” 
Before Cherry could speak, Mrs. Livingstone said, “Yes, open it and impress us! Since it’s a gift for Cherry, then it must be very extraordinary!” 
The people around them were speechless. 
Mrs. Livingstone’s behavior was simply too unsightly! 
To attend someone’s birthday party and then attack them, she was really just so… Everyone stepped away from Mrs. Livingstone, making her stand out like a sore thumb. 
However, Mrs. Livingstone didn’t realize. Right now, all she wanted was to thoroughly ruin Nora’s reputation. 
Cherry looked at Mrs. Livingstone and then at John. There was amusement in her big eyes as she said, “Grandpa John, since she wants to see the gift so much, then let’s open it and have a look!” 
When John heard this, he opened the gift box. It was only then that everyone discovered that the tiny little box was actually a safe. 
With a smile, John said, “The password is the one you always use, Ms. Cherry.” 
Cherry stretched out her chubby little arm and pressed a few numbers. 
Click! 
The tiny safe opened, revealing the blue gem inside.
At the sight, everyone around them went into a huge furor! 
“The Heart of the Ocean?!” 
Someone exclaimed abruptly. He suddenly looked at the gift box that Ian had handed Cherry just a few moments ago and exclaimed incredulously, “Two Hearts of the Ocean?!” 
He sounded absolutely astounded. 
How could he possibly not be, though? 
One Heart of the Ocean was already worth more than a million dollars. Unless a family was backed by a solid and robust foundation, who would be able to buy it? 
It was not surprising that the Smiths would have one, but how did that grandaunt of hers get that kind of money? For one to be able to afford a gemstone like that and even give it to their grandniece as a gift, they would have to have hundreds of millions of dollars in their pocket! 
Everyone swallowed. 
Mrs. Livingstone even blurted out, “Surely that isn’t a fake, right?” 
But as soon as she said that, she felt that she must be mistaken-because a curious Cherry had already put the two Hearts of the Ocean together. Usually, there were differences in gemstones that ordinary people might not be able to pick out, but when good and bad ones were placed side by side, even with the naked eye, one should still be able to tell the difference. However, there was no difference between these two gems at all. It was as if they had been carved out of the same stone! 
And of course, they did indeed come from the same rock.
When Louis saw this, he said annoyingly, “Wow, Cherry, your grandaunt is so rich! To think she can gift you a diamond worth millions of dollars as a gift!” 
Cherry grinned at him. “Yeah! My grandaunt is really rich!” 
Louis glanced at Mrs. Livingstone. 
Mrs. Livingstone pressed the matter and asked, “Who is your grandaunt? We should have more or less heard of someone as rich and influential as her!” 
Cherry rolled her eyes. “I’m not gonna tell you!” 
Her grandaunt’s business was involved in some shady dealings, so Cherry didn’t want to reveal her identity and occupation. 
Mrs. Livingstone, however, misunderstood. She immediately scoffed, “Ha, you’re just afraid that we would recognize her, aren’t you? Well, that makes sense. Since the Smiths can afford one gemstone, they can also afford two.” 
Louis went on the offensive at once. “Mrs. Livingstone, what do you mean by that? Are you saying that the Smiths bought this gem too in order to make Cherry look good?” 
Mrs. Livingstone had truly shed all pretenses by then. She laughed and said, “Mr. Smith, we are not trying to mock Ms. Smith. In fact, we even find her very inspirational! But aren’t you kinda overdoing it a little, and also being a little too protective?! Even if you’re just acting, can’t you at least give Cherry’s grandaunt a noble identity that commands high prestige and respect?! If she’s just rich, then who knows whose money that is? All the rich people overseas are of high social status!” 
Now, that was going too far.
The others were about to tell her to knock it off a little when the butler entered the hall in a panic again. He said, “Princess Lucy from the UK… is here!”
###Chapter 689
Chapter 689 Birthday Present (5) 
Everyone was dumbfounded when they heard him. 
Princess Lucy from the UK? 
Who was that? 
Everyone looked at Justin, wondering if the Hunts had already reached such a height that they could even get the British royal family to visit in person and offer well-wishes to their children for their birthday? 
One must know that the royal family did not easily establish good relations with wealthy families. 
While everyone was marveling, someone asked, “Mr. Hunt, when did you make friends with the British royal family?” 
Justin, however, frowned. Unlike everyone else, the princess’ arrival did not make him nervous. Instead, he calmly instructed the butler, “Everyone visiting is a guest. Show her in.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
The butler replied. Then, with his head down, he went out again. 
After the butler left, Mrs. Livingstone looked at Cherry. “Which country is your grandaunt living in?” 
Cherry tilted her head. “The UK!” 
Mrs. Livingstone covered her mouth and laughed. “Oh my, would you look at that? Had you known that Mr. Hunt was acquainted with the British royal family, it would have been so impressive if you had gotten
him to get the princess to give you a gift instead!” In other words, she was implying that the Smiths had messed up. 
Even if they wanted to give her the gem, they should have gotten someone with a high social status to give it to her instead. Only then would it prove that Nora really was very impressive. 
But as soon as she said that, Justin said, “I don’t know them.” 
To be honest, he did. 
However, the one he knew was not Princess Lucy but her mother instead-in other words, the Queen of the United Kingdom! 
But he clearly remembered that because he hadn’t sent the Queen an invitation because he wanted to keep the party low-profile. Besides, the children’s fifth birthday was not a big occasion, either. 
Could it be that the Queen-who was one fry short of a Happy Meal-had heard about his children’s birthday, so she sent the little princess here to please him? 
That was impossible, though… His identity shouldn’t have been exposed yet. While Justin was thinking about it with a frown on his face, the butler had already led the distinguished guests in. 
A little girl with blond hair and blue eyes walked in. She was fair-skinned, and her big eyes were bright and twinkling. Her curly shoulder-length hair was spread out slightly behind her, and her formal dress cinching her waist made her look slim and graceful. 
Although she was only five, so her body hadn’t grown and developed yet, the princess looked just like a doll, and was extraordinarily good-looking! 
Behind the princess were a few bodyguards in professional attire. They scanned the surroundings vigilantly and protected the princess. 
After Lucy entered, her big eyes blinked and she looked around. 
Although she was young, her every move carried an air of nobility and elegance. 
Justin took a step forward and came up to Lucy. He asked the attendant next to her, “Why is the princess suddenly visiting our humble abode?” 
Princess Lucy was too young, so Justin couldn’t be bothered to greet the child. 
Besides, since she was so young, her attendants would surely somewhat be able to speak on her behalf. 
With a smile, the attendant replied, “Relax, Mr. Hunt. Her Highness merely heard that it’s her close friend’s birthday, so she has come over to visit.” 
As soon as he said that, Justin narrowed his eyes. 
The people around them who had heard the attendant were also surprised. 
The princess’… close friend’s birthday? 
Everyone turned and looked at Cherry, Pete, and Xander once more. 
So, which one of them was the princess’ friend? 
Mrs. Livingstone didn’t hear the exchange, so she was still a little dazed. She was standing at the side and speaking to Cherry.
“You see that princess over there? There’s grace in her every action. Now, that’s self-confidence that only a good family background can provide! What a shame that you didn’t grow up in a good environment. Even if you’re the young lady of the Hunts, you still don’t have a bearing as outstanding as hers! I’m sure that just a few months ago, you’d never even dared imagine that you would ever see a princess, right?” 
Cherry: “?” 
Everyone around them: “?” 
Everyone looked at Mrs. Livingstone as though they were looking at a fool! 
Mrs. Livingstone didn’t understand why everyone was staring at her. Instead, she continued speaking smugly. “What are all of you looking at me like that for? Am I wrong? You don’t have the guts to say these things, but I do! And it isn’t just Cherry but Ms. Smith, too. No matter what, it’s just not good to grow up in a family like that…” Seeing her performing a one-man show over there, Cherry gave her a push and said, “Excuse me, granny, you are blocking my way!” 
Mrs. Livingstone, who had been pushed aside, stumbled to the side. 
She looked over and censured Cherry furiously. “That’s so rude of you, Cherry. How can you treat your elders like that? You should learn from Princess Lucy, take a gander at her deportment and manners! …” 
She had only just spoken when she saw Cherry, with joy all over her face, lift her little skirt and run past her. 
On the other side, Lucy had also finally found the little buddy she knew so well among the adults’ legs. Her eyes lit up, and she also rushed over.
###Chapter 690
Chapter 690 Birthday Present (6) 
“Cherry!” 
“Princess Lucy!” 
The two little girls called out each other’s names and rushed toward each other. The adults standing in between them stepped aside one after another and made way for them. 
Thus, in full view of everyone present, the two little girls met at last. 
At a distance of four inches apart, the two came to a stop. Both of them lifted their skirts and greeted each other elegantly, their movements were very regal and beautiful! 
In addition, Cherry and Princess Lucy’s movements were practically identical! 
When they were done, the two little girls finally held each other’s hands and started jumping about happily. 
“Dear Lucy, why are you here?” asked Cherry. 
Princess Lucy replied, “Because I missed you, my best friend!” 
Cherry laughed loudly, her voice crisp and clear. 
Princess Lucy smiled at her happily. Then, she said, “It seems that you have fallen behind quite a fair bit in your etiquette lessons during the last six months that we haven’t met~! If Mrs. Steve hears of this, I’m afraid, she’d spank your bottom so hard it would split into two!” 
Cherry stuck out her tongue. “You have also fallen behind in your etiquette lessons.”
Princess Lucy burst into laughter. “After you left, I made an excuse and stopped going to classes. Besides, we have already passed the exam a long time ago, so Mother said that I don’t have to go anymore!” 
“That’s awesome!” 
Cherry clapped. 
Lisa, who could hear them, was dumbfounded. She subconsciously asked, “Cherry, do you and Princess Lucy share the same etiquette teacher?” 
Cherry explained, “Yup, we go for lessons together! Mrs. Steve is the best etiquette teacher in the UK. My grandaunt said that girls should learn to carry themselves well, so she sent me to take the lessons! Later, Princess Lucy begged Grandaunt to get Mrs. Steve to teach her too while she taught me. That’s how the two of us met each other!” 
Her words were like a bomb that blasted everyone so hard that they couldn’t recover. Initially, when they heard the girls’ conversation, everyone had thought to themselves that Cherry, as expected, had indeed lived an extraordinary life abroad. 
However, for most typical wealthy families, as long as they were willing to pay, they would be able to engage teachers who exclusively taught the royal family, and invite them to their homes to give their children lessons. 
Everyone had also assumed that it was Nora or the grandaunt, whom Cherry had spoken of just now, who had done so. 
Her grandaunt might also have wanted to let Cherry and Princess Lucy become acquainted with each other through the etiquette teacher so that it would be convenient for her to establish a connection with the royal family.
Going by what Cherry had said, though, why did it sound like it was not her grandaunt who wanted to curry favor with the royal family, but the other way around instead? 
So, just what kind of social status did Cherry’s grandaunt have?! 
Lisa didn’t think that far ahead. She only remembered Mrs. Livingstone lecturing Cherry about her upbringing and criticizing her for having poor etiquette. Thus, she turned to Mrs. Livingstone and sneered, “Mrs. Livingstone, how do you find Cherry’s etiquette? Do you think she learned well? Is there anything else about her upbringing that you think requires improvement?”. Mrs. Livingstone was dumbfounded. She stared at Cherry incredulously, feeling like her face had already gone numb from all the slaps she received. 
How could this be? 
How come Cherry knew the princess of the royal family?! 
Moreover, she seemed to know the princess very well… 
In this instant, in the eyes of everyone there, Cherry and Nora suddenly turned into towering giants. Their image had become high and lofty in an instant, making them feel like people beyond their reach. 
In fact, the two of them felt a few notches even more impressive than how Yvette Smith had felt back then! 
Everyone swallowed. This time, they offered their sincere congratulations. 
“Mr. Hunt, Ms. Smith is so amazing! She can even get her daughter to become good friends with a princess…” 
“Mr. Smith, even though Ms. Smith was not by your side all these years, it looks like she has been living very well!” 
“Eh? Where’s Ms. Smith? Why isn’t she here? I wanted to talk to her about parenting and ask her how she raised Cherry so well?” 
While everyone was offering their congratulations, Justin smiled slightly. Then, he looked straight at Mrs. Livingstone and said, “Mrs. Livingstone, you’ve had your fill of fun. Surely you have nothing else to say now, right?” 
Mrs. Livingstone bit her lip. “I didn’t expect Ms. Smith to have such a superior standard of living … Fine, you can take it that I was worried for nothing! It only had your interests in mind when I said all that. I was worried that you would wed an inappropriate woman, but it’s alright now. I’m not worried anymore, so I have nothing more to say.” 
With that, she turned to leave. 
But as soon as she turned, Justin’s frosty voice reached her. “Wait a minute, Mrs. Livingstone. You may not have anything else to say, but I do.” 
Taken aback, Mrs. Livingstone looked at him. 
Everyone also quietened down and looked over. 
Justin looked at the butler and said, “It seems that the people at home don’t have the ability to distinguish who is family and who isn’t. People from beyond three generations are no longer considered relatives. The Hunt Manor is not a place that just anyone can enter.” 
The butler understood at once. He immediately straightened his back and replied, “Yes, sir.”
Then, the butler walked up to Mrs. Livingstone. With a smile, he asked, “Mrs. Livingstone, may I know if you have an invitation to the party?” 
Mrs. Livingstone: “”. 
How would she possibly have one?! 
All the guests at the party were invited by Justin. However, every time she came, she had always gone straight to Mrs. Hunt instead. 
Dumbfounded, she shook her head. “No, I don’t.” 
The butler heaved a sigh at once. “Sir, this is an oversight on my end. I will forgo three months of pay as punishment.” 
Then, he gave a wave. “Guards, there is a lady here without an invitation. Please take her out!” 
Mrs. Livingstone: “!!” 
Her eyes widened and she looked at the butler in disbelief. “H-How dare you?!” 
However, the security officers had already rushed over. They subdued Mrs. Livingstone straightaway and led her out the door. She struggled fiercely, forming an extremely nasty sight. 
At the same time, the security officers also located Thomas where the youngsters were and threw him out as well! 
No matter how great the feud, generally speaking, no one would throw a guest straight out of their house. That would simply make the other party look too bad. 
Justin’s actions sent a clear message to everyone present: ‘Justin Hunt hates the Livingstones!
The guests at the party were all either rich or noble. All of them immediately got the hint. 
The president of a certain bank stepped forward at once. “The Livingstones owe the bank 30 million dollars. I’ll have to press them for it tomorrow.” 
“Yikes, they don’t even have any cash flow left. I think we’d better suspend our project with them!” 
III1 
As the saying went, everyone kicked men when they were down. The Livingstones could straight-up declare bankruptcy the next day! 
Justin turned his head to the back in satisfaction and looked at Ian. 
Just a moment ago, he had sensed murderous intent from Ian. He wondered what the Smiths’ dark forces would do to the Livingstones? 
He wanted to ask Ian about it. If his father-in-law wasn’t going to take action, then he would make the arrangements himself. 
But unexpectedly, when he looked over, he instead found Ian, who was surrounded by people, looking somewhat distracted. 
He was staring hard at the pair of Hearts of the Ocean with an agitated look on his face. 
When Cherry ran to Lucy, she had placed the gems in his hands. 
The two gems… 
He had bought the first Heart of the Ocean and given it to “her” back then…
The trembling Ian raised his head and looked at John, who was standing in front of him. His fingers curled tightly into fists and then he asked hoarsely, “The lady you serve… Who is she?!”
###Chapter 691
Chapter 691 Birthday Present (7) 
The tall and thin John was a little surprised by his question. He replied politely, “Mr. Smith, milady’s name is Jessica.” 
Jessica? 
Ian broke into a frown. “Is she American?” 
John answered, “Yes, she is.” 
She was American! 
Ian’s heart thumped wildly again. He then asked, “Does she go by any other name?” 
“Yes,” John paused and then said, “She also goes by Queenie Schmidt.” 
Ian lowered his eyes in disappointment when he heard the unfamiliar name. He stared at the two gems in his hand. Suddenly, he pointed at them and asked, “How did she get this?” 
John smiled. “Ma’am said that a friend who has already passed away had given it to her. Since it’s that friend’s granddaughter’s birthday today, she shall return it to its original owner.” 
A friend who had already passed away had given it to her… 
That friend must be Yvette. 
Ian’s disappointment grew even stronger. 
He shook his head, feeling like he must have lost his mind.
Although he knew very well that Yvette had already died twenty years ago, the moment he heard a bit of news about her, he could not help but wonder if she was still alive. 
He lowered his gaze and put the other gem into the box. 
Then, he sighed. 
As he had only just recovered, he couldn’t stand for too long. Thus, Ian turned, went up the stairs and toward the VIP lounge to rest. 
Justin didn’t understand why his father-in-law had suddenly become depressed. He followed after him and asked, “Uncle Ian, what’s wrong?” 
Ian waved him off. “It’s nothing. You get back to the party.” 
Justin held his arm and said, “I’ll take you upstairs, and also check in on Nora along the way.” 
Nora hated crowds the most. Besides, she wasn’t the star today, so she had been hiding upstairs the whole time. 
Ian nodded. 
But after Justin helped Ian upstairs, he found that Nora, who should have been resting in the VIP lounge, was not in there? 
Where had she gone? 
It was extraordinarily lively downstairs. 
Cherry and Princess Lucy hadn’t met for a very long time, so they had a lot to talk to each other about. The way they couldn’t stop talking to each other was as though the two of them had become conjoined twins.
As for Pete, he was surrounded by the children of the Hunts. He was the future heir to the clan. Moreover, he had grown up with them and also gone to school with them. Thus, even though he was introverted, the group of children still played with him. 
Pete didn’t want to talk to them, so he turned and joined the children from the kindergarten instead. 
The Hunts were celebrating the children’s birthday today, so most of the guests had also brought children of similar age with them. 
The children, led by Mia, didn’t dare to disturb Cherry and Princess Lucy, so they could only circle around Pete instead. 
“Wow! You really look just like Cherry!” 
Someone stretched out their little hand to pinch Pete’s cheek. 
Mia smiled shyly and gave Pete a birthday present. “I drew this for you, Pete. Have a look and see if it looks good?” 
When Pete opened it, he found that it was a drawing of three children. 
Two of the children looked the same. One of them was wearing a white organza dress-it was Cherry. 
The other was wearing a small suit-it was Pete. 
The timid little girl in the middle was none other than Mia. 
Mia looked at him and said timidly, “Pete, shall the three of us stay together forever?” 
When Pete and Cherry were staying with the Smiths, they hadn’t played with Brandon but only with Mia instead. The three of them got along very well.
Pete nodded. “Sure!” “Cherry!” 
Brandon, who had been in a state of shock and silence ever since he saw Pete, suddenly yelled, “So you guys are two different people! It’s not because you can cut off your little willy, turn into a little girl, and then have it grow back!” 
Everyone: “!” 
Pete: “” 
Brandon wailed, “… To think I trusted you so much and started studying how to cut off my little willy without any pain! I’m lucky that I haven’t gotten around to doing it yet! Sob!” 
After a moment of silence, they suddenly burst out laughing. 
Children’s laughter was contagious. The whole party livened up because of their laughter. 
In a corner one was paying any attention to, Xander stood all by himself and looked around blankly. 
He didn’t have a single friend here. Apart from the three gifts from his relatives, there was no one else here who would bring gifts for him. 
“Wow! Did you see? Princess Lucy gave Cherry a diamond hairpin that she made! She’s so good with her hands! That hairpin is really pretty!” 
“Mia also drew a picture for Pete! And Brandon gave Pete his favorite plane!” 
“When is my birthday? I want gifts too!”
In the children’s world, how expensive a gift was didn’t matter. What mattered was the amount of sincerity in the little gifts that the classmates gave one another. 
Xander clenched his jaw. 
He balled up his little fists tightly. 
He suddenly wanted very much to go back, return to the basement, and lock himself up. 
Just as his imagination was running wild, a big warm hand suddenly stroked his hair. 
Xander was taken aback. 
He looked behind abruptly and saw Nora standing behind him. 
The woman was very tall and slim. Her almond-shaped eyes were slightly downcast. When he raised his head, the woman tugged her trousers up a little with her long and slender bandaged hands, and then she slowly squatted down. She rested her chin on her hands, looked at him at eye-level, and said, “Happy birthday, precious.” 
Xander’s cheeks slowly started to burn. 
The woman’s voice was low and sounded pampering 
This made his expression turn somewhat embarrassed. 
He coughed and said, “Don’t call me that, it’s so mushy!” 
Nora laughed. “Then what do you want me to call you? Babe? Darling? Or baby? Or perhaps… Xander?” 
Xander rolled his eyes. “You can just call me Xander! Why are you so frivolous?! Be serious!”
Nora retracted her smile. Suddenly, she stretched out her uninjured hand to him and said, “Hello, Xander. Let me introduce myself. My name is Nora Smith, and I am your mommy. Mm, although I have been Cherry’s mother for five years, and have also been Pete’s mother for three months, I am still too incompetent a mother. I hope we can get along in the future. Oh, by the way, my hobby is sleeping.” 
Xander: “?” 
The woman was speaking to him so seriously that it instead made him a little embarrassed. 
He paused. Then, he suddenly grinned and said, “Hello, Nora Smith, my name is Xander. Although I have a father, it’s as if I don’t. This is my first time being someone’s son. Please take care of me!” 
One of the little guy’s canine teeth was visible when he smiled, making him look very adorable. 
Nora stroked his hair. “Yup, let’s both try our best, okay~?” 
Xander pursed his lips. 
The way she spoke as if she was coaxing little kids sure was dumb! 
But he didn’t realize that even though he was pursing his lips, there was also a smile there. 
During their conversation, Pete suddenly walked over and handed Xander a gift. 
Taken aback, Xander stared at the box in front of him. 
Pete said, “Although you haven’t acknowledged us yet, Mommy has already told us that you are our brother. So, happy birthday.” 
Xander felt his eyes stinging again. 
He took the gift and said in a stuck-up manner, “I didn’t prepare birthday presents for you guys though-“
“It’s okay, yeah!” 
Cherry also walked over hand-in-hand with Princess Lucy. She handed him the little gift that she had prepared a long time ago and said, “We are older than you, so we won’t mind. Since you are the youngest, we will give in to you!” Xander: “” 
He frowned and got mad at once. “I’m your elder brother!” 
Cherry tilted her head. “You are my younger brother! We should be particular about who comes first! Besides, isn’t it great being a younger brother? This way, I’ll give in to you!” 
Pete also nodded and cooperated with Cherry. 
Xander: !!
###Chapter 692
Chapter 692 Birthday Present (8) 
Nora had never thought that Trueman would actually send a gift. 
The butler in front of her also had a grave look on his face. He said, “It was delivered by a mailman. We have investigated him—he is indeed an ordinary mailman, he has been delivering the mail here for many years. Also, the parcel was sent from within New York.” 
From within New York… 
Had Trueman returned to America? 
She was alarmed. 
To be honest, because Xander had grown up under Trueman’s care, his personality had long since developed to be like Trueman’s. Thanks to Trueman’s grooming, his moral compass had also strayed from the right path a little. 
Trueman was not a good man. Besides, one could tell from what Xander had said that he did not treat Xander that well either. 
Moreover, didn’t Xander leave her side precisely because Trueman had taken him? 
One couldn’t hold gratitude towards a human trafficker just because they didn’t kill their 
son. 
Thus, Nora didn’t want the two of them to ever make contact with each other again. 
Besides, the way she saw it, Xander was nothing more than Trueman’s pawn. Judging from Trueman’s attitude towards Ruth, one could tell that the man was rather unfeeling… 
She stared at the gift box in her hand and slowly opened it. 
When she saw the contents, a look of shock suddenly formed in her eyes, and she instantly slammed the lid shut! She thought of all the events in the past, as well as what Caleb had told her, and her heart suddenly started to pound madly. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Just as she was a little flustered, Justin’s low and deep voice came from the back, putting her at ease a little. 
She looked behind her and narrowed her eyes. Just as she was about to speak, someone nearby noticed Justin and came over to talk to him. 
Nora kept quiet. 
Justin said, “Uncle Ian is in the lounge upstairs. Why don’t you go over there? I’ll come over in a minute.” 
“Okay.”
Nora’s fingers around the box tightened, seemingly very afraid that the box would fall and shatter. She took a deep breath and went upstairs. 
Before she entered the lounge, a cry of surprise suddenly rang out from below. 
Nora looked down to see a few people holding cages. Inside the cages were some rabbits, as well as cats and dogs. 
Xander was circling around them in joy and surprise. “No. 6! No. 3! And Rabbit No. 5! Why are you guys here?” 
Nora: “?” 
It was the butler again who had brought the cages in. He had only brought them in after consulting Justin. 
In the midst of Nora’s hesitation, Justin had dismissed the person who came up to him with just a few words. He went over to her. 
Nora kept quiet for a while. Then, she asked, “Are those also gifts from Trueman?” 
“Yeah.” 
Justin said, “I allowed the butler to bring them in here when he asked me about it. Since Trueman has shipped them to Xander by air freight from a great distance away, they are likely very important to him.” 
Before, he had neglected Xander a lot when they couldn’t be sure of his identity. 
The two of them were currently dying to give Xander everything he wanted so that it would foster a sense of belonging in him. It was indeed beyond their expectations that Trueman would send the animals here. 
as
After all, with the animals here, Xander would probably no longer have any longing for that basement abroad, right? Moreover, with the company of these animals that had grown up with him, perhaps he wouldn’t be so difficult to get along with anymore. 
The two of them stood at the door and stared at that little corner below. 
Some people simply loved having cats and dogs around, so they weren’t surprised that someone would give them to Xander as gifts. The butler put them in the corner and said to Xander, “Mr. Xander, these animals have to be tested for diseases. We didn’t know that you have so many pets. Are you planning to keep them with you, or would you like us to specially set aside a room in the garden and let them stay there? If it’s the former, then we’ll have to merge your room with the one next to it, so that it’ll be big enough.” 
Xander replied without any hesitation. “They are not my pets, they are my friends! Of course they are gonna stay with me!” 
The butler was a little troubled. “But this would mean that you may have to stay in a guest room during the renovation.” 
Xander was very happy at the moment because of the animals, so why would he possibly mind all that? He immediately waved. Just as he was about to say that he was alright with it, Pete said, “Why don’t you stay with me for the time being?” 
Xander was a little surprised. Then, he grinned and asked, “Aren’t you afraid that I will beat you up in the middle of the night?” 
Pete sighed. “So be it, if that’s the case. Don’t worry, I won’t retaliate. After all, you are my younger brother.” 
Xander: “!”
“Get lost! I’m the older brother!” 
Pete shook his head helplessly. “Okay, okay, you are the older brother. Will that do?” 
Xander: “?” 
That way of speaking… Why did it sound so much like he was giving in to him? 
When he thought of what Pete had said just now about how an older brother should give in to his younger brother, he immediately understood. It was just like how an adult faced with a child’s unreasonable demands would say “Will that do?” in a pampering manner! That was exactly what it felt like! 
Xander suddenly felt rather frustrated. 
How was it that he simply could not get the upper hand when he faced Pete? 
He bared his teeth at Pete and acted as if he was going to pounce forward and bite him. At the sight, the animals in the cages also howled at Pete. 
In fact, Butterscotch-aka No. 6, the wolfhound-even got ready to pounce forward. 
Pete was not frightened. Instead, it was Xander who got a shock. He immediately tried to calm them down. “Stop that, Butterscotch!” 
Only then did the wolfhound stop. It looked at Xander perplexedly, probably wondering to itself, “Doesn’t master hate that guy a lot?” 
As though sensing its hesitation, Xander rolled his eyes. He looked up at the ceiling and said in a stuck- up manner, “He is my younger brother. Even though I don’t like him, I’m the only one who can bully him. Understand?” 
“Woof! Woof!” 
Butterscotch let out a couple of barks. While there was no way of knowing whether it had understood Xander, it certainly didn’t bark at Pete anymore. 
“This cat is so cute!” 
Princess Lucy said as she pointed at a listless little cat in the cage. 
Cherry had also squatted down beside the cage. She stretched out her chubby little hand to touch the animals in the cage, but when the cat saw her hand reaching into the cage, it shrank back and stared at her with its green eyes. Cherry’s heart melted at the sight. “Xander, this cat is so cute! Can you give it to me?” 
“Heh, no way! Emerald is not a pet, I can’t give her away just like that!” 
But after Xander said that, he added, “Unless you acknowledge me as your older brother.” 
“Big Brother Xander!” Cherry yelled out without hesitation, taking Xander by surprise. Cherry rushed up to him and said, “Big Brother Xander! Big Brother Xander! You’re the best, yeah!” 
Xander: “!!” 
Could the girl please have a limit to how low she could go?
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. “I can let Emerald stay in your room, but you mustn’t bully her.” 
“Okie-dokie! I promise! No problem!” 
Cherry and Lucy looked at each other and the two of them secretly giggled. Lucy then asked, “Can we sleep with her tonight?” 
“Of course!” 
Without Nora and Justin’s permission, Cherry had agreed to Lucy’s request to stay over! 
Also, the reason why she had happily acknowledged Xander as her older brother was that she was very sure that she was the youngest! Her mother had said so. 
Her mother had said that back then, after she regained consciousness, she had only managed to save her last child. 
As for who the older one between Pete and Xander was, it was hard to say. After all, Nora didn’t know which of the two boys, that had been carried out of the room, Trueman had taken… 
Cherry looked at Xander again and looked him up and down. 
Xander was a little flattered by her gaze. “Are you looking at how your big brother is more handsome than Pete?” 
Cherry replied, “… Nope. I was just thinking that it’s fortunate that you treat these animals very well. Otherwise, I would think that you’re the psychotic little friend I had met online!” 
Xander: “”
Cherry explained, “I met a little psycho on the Internet. He is very annoying and also very foul-mouthed, he’s basically just like you. He also has a lot of pets… but he’s always carrying out psychotic experiments and bullying those little animals every day. You are not like him, though. You love and care for the animals so much, you would never bully them, right?” 
Xander the Little Psycho’s lip corners spasmed a little. He quietly replied, “… Nope!” 
He swore that he would never let Cherry know in his lifetime that he was that exact little psycho himself! 
The two adults upstairs didn’t know about the children’s conversation. The two looked at each other and entered the room. 
Ian was sitting on the sofa. He looked at Nora when he heard the door open. 
He wanted to ask about her aunt—in other words, about Queenie-and ask her how they had met, and also what kind of person she was. But unexpectedly, when he looked up, he instead saw a very grave and solemn look on Nora’s face. 
Ian immediately abandoned his thoughts and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
In just a split second, a sharp and forceful feeling had already crept into his voice, and he sounded much like he was ready to fight it out with the person who had bullied his daughter. 
Additionally, after he spoke, he glanced at Justin. 
Justin was speechless. 
In an attempt to explain, he hurriedly asked, “What did Trueman send?” 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
She looked at lan and then at Justin.
In the past, she had always shouldered everything by herself whenever she met with trouble. But now, she had a father, as well as a lover. 
Nora did not push herself beyond her capabilities. At the question, she immediately opened the gift box in her hand. 
Lying quietly inside the box was a small bottle of serum. 
The serum was stored in a tiny glass bottle, and there was only a very small dose. However, written on the note beside it was its name: ‘Gene Serum’. 
For a while, all three people in the room fell silent. 
Justin stared at the serum. Suddenly, he sighed. “I knew it. It was just a matter of time before we eventually found out. So, why would Trueman still send the boy back when he could have used the boy to threaten us. So that’s how it is!” 
Ian frowned. The man, who wasn’t in the loop about the ins and outs of what had happened, asked, “What do you mean?” 
###Chapter 693
Chapter 693 Xander Is Bait 
Justin pursed his lips and handed a piece of paper beside the medicine in the box to Ian. 
Ian opened it and saw a line of words: “You have to inject Xander within half a month or he’ll die.” 
Ian’s pupils shrank as he looked up in disbelief. 
Nora took a deep breath and explained, “Caleb once told me that there is no way to expel the side effects of the gene serum on an adult. Therefore, even if an adult succeeds in improving their genes, their lifespan is greatly shortened. Within the mysterious organization, they had once found thousands of children to do experiments. Among these children, those who could not withstand the gene serum died. Those who could withstand it had to be injected regularly. Otherwise, they would die too. Just like Caleb and Trueman have to inject the gene serum regularly.” 
Ian drew a sharp breath. “Are you saying that Xander will be controlled by him from now on?” 
Nora nodded. 
Ian clenched his jaw and gripped the handle of the chair tightly. Then, he said sternly, “How dare he scheme against my grandson! He’s really suicidal! Our family will fight this mysterious organization to the end!” 
Nora looked at him and lowered her eyes. Justin looked at Nora nervously. “Xander’s DNA can’t match yours and mine. It’s because of this medicine, Nora. Is there something wrong with his body?!” 
Nora frowned. “To be honest, I don’t know.” 
She looked at Justin. “At least he’s healthy for now. Do you think Trueman is lying to us?”
Justin took a deep breath. “Yes.” 
Justin’s suspicion was very reasonable. 
Trueman was both good and bad. He had never done things logically. It was indeed reasonable that he really planned to cheat them. 
What if Xander didn’t need a gene serum but was still injected with it under Trueman’s deception? 
Nora kept quiet for a long while. 
At this moment, her phone suddenly rang. She picked it up and heard Caleb’s deep voice. “Miss Smith, you might be in trouble.’ 
Nora was taken aback. “What’s the matter?” 
Caleb said in a low voice, “I noticed that Trueman secretly sent a V15 gene serum to the country… You might not understand what V15 means. Let me tell you—The gene serum is divided into 16 stages from 1 to 16. The serum is also divided into 16 injections. Only after these 16 injections can you completely become a transgenic person. Your life will be worry free, and you might even get more benefits from your body and live longer. But before this, if any injection is missed, you would die! I once told you that the mysterious organization raised a group of children who were very powerful. Among those few, there were five who survived. The five of us have taken the doses up to V15. Currently, only V16 is left, but V16 is in your mother’s hands.” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed. She stared at the gene serum in her hand and took out that small bottle. She flipped to the back and realized that the words “V15” were written on it!! 
She asked, “Xander is my son. He sent this gene serum to my son!”
The other party paused and sighed. “Trueman only has three months left to live. No wonder he’s in such a hurry!” 
A cold light flashed across Nora’s eyes. “What do you mean?” 
Caleb sighed. “The longer the interval between the injections, the lighter the body’s endurance becomes. They have realized that one can’t take more than two years to take the next injection. I’m the same age as Trueman. We’re 29 years old. After the initial few, we had taken injections every two years. We injected V15 nearly 21 months ago. If V16 is not found within three months, Trueman will die.” 
е 
eman 
Nora instantly grasped the logic behind this. “So Xander was not even six years old, but he was already injected with 14 serums? This means that he was injected with three serums annually!” 
“…” The other party was silent for a long time before he sighed silently. “Yes.” 
One word made Nora’s heart hurt like a needle. 
She could not think about it. She had no idea what Xander had experienced in the past five years! 
She clenched her jaw. 
Caleb sighed. “Trueman must have realized your existence when you were giving birth, so he deliberately stole your child. When your mother died that year, the mysterious organization could do nothing to her. The mysterious organization was probably afraid that you would not come out and hide the antidote your mother had left behind, so they deliberately took Xander to force you to 
yield!”
Nora took a deep breath. 
Trueman’s actions had really infuriated her! 
She was furious! 
Trueman used the child as the bait just to force her to find the V16 left by her mother! 
She said angrily, “Let Trueman die!” 
With that, she hung up. 
That’s right. This was Trueman’s true motive. 
Sending Xander back to drive a wedge between them was not his real goal. If Justin and Nora could not even save a child, they were not worthy of being the heads of the Hunts. 
His goal was to force Nora! 
Nora took a deep breath and looked at Justin. 
As the two of them were thinking, there was a sudden violent knock on the door. “Mommy, mommy, open the door quickly! Something’s wrong!”
###Chapter 694
Chapter 694 Mommy, Save It! 
It was Cherry’s voice. 
Justin rushed over fiercely and opened the door. Cherry rushed in anxiously and pulled Nora downstairs. Her voice was filled with tears. “Mommy, hurry up and see Butterscotch. Butterscotch can’t take it anymore!” 
Butterscotch? 
Nora frowned and suddenly realized something. She hurriedly went downstairs in front of Cherry. 
As soon as she came downstairs, the butler walked over. “Xander and Butterscotch are in the lounge. I was afraid of causing a panic, so I asked the security to move them over.” 
Nora nodded at the butler. 
This was Justin’s butler. He was good at handling matters and had always been very polite to her. 
Hearing this, Nora rushed to the lounge again. Just as she entered, she heard Pete’s voice. “My mommy is also your mommy. She’s a doctor. She will definitely be able to treat Butterscotch. Don’t worry.” 
Princess Lucy was also standing beside them, looking at them with wide eyes and fear. 
Hearing the sound of footsteps, Pete and Princess Lucy turned to look at Nora. Pete’s eyes lit up. He rushed over and held Nora’s hand. He pointed at the dog in the cage in the corner and said, “Mommy, hurry up and save Butterscotch.”
Nora walked over and realized that Butterscotch was lying in the cage. It seemed to have no strength at all. It lay on its side with its legs straightened. However, its eyes were wide open as it looked at Xander. Its pupils had already begun to expand, and it was obvious that there was no treatment possible. 
Nora’s heart sank. She turned to look at Xander and saw that he was extremely calm. His little face was tense as he squatted beside Butterscotch and stared at him. He held a small knife in his hand. 
When she saw that knife, Nora’s pupils constricted. She asked directly, “Xander, what are you doing?” 
Xander was still staring at Butterscotch as he said stubbornly, “Butterscotch’s heart can’t take it anymore. Fluffy’s body isn’t good, but its heart is still alive. I want to exchange Fluffy’s heart for Butterscotch’s… That way, both of them would be alive…” 
Any child would definitely panic upon hearing such words. 
However, at this moment, Nora only felt her heart slowly getting stifled. 
In the past, she had always thought that Xander was a mischievous child who was just ruthless. When the security officer had collected his DNA samples, Xander had even bitten him. 
Later on, he was always acting stubborn. Whatever Justin asked him, or whatever Nora asked him, he would not answer. 
Last time, he was framed as an outsider and had taken Pete away. Until he returned, he had not explained a word. 
During that time, Justin tried to talk to him many times, but he was stopped by Nora. 
It was only when Pete woke up and told the truth that Justin could let go of the knot in his heart. 
Nora thought of how he looked when she took the DNA test report and walked to the VIP lounge upstairs to hand the report to him. 
After he pretended to be mature and finished reading the report, he stood up and looked at the butler to simply say, “Yes, I can change now.” 
He did not say anything and only glanced at Justin and Nora proudly. Then, he said, “You can prove that you’re my parents now, but this is only written evidence. I haven’t acknowledged you in my heart yet. You still have to work hard, understand?” 
Therefore, he had never called her Mom and Dad. 
This was how Xander was. He was a strange, eccentric, and domineering child. At this moment, he was holding a knife and quietly saying that he wanted to replace Butterscotch’s heart. 
Over the years, although Nora had saved many people, it was inevitable that she experienced life and death in the hospital. She had a calm personality and did not care about many things. 
But at this moment, her eyes were gradually turning red. 
Even though Xander had grown up in a bad environment, he still remained true to himself. 
She said, “Xander, it’s useless. Its body will reject the new heart.” 
“How could that be?” 
Xander frowned. “Aren’t they all hearts? How can you be so sure?!” 
With that, he extended his hand again and wanted to open the cage. “Open the cage quickly. I want to save Butterscotch! It’ll be too late!” 
“Woof.”
Butterscotch suddenly let out a weak bark. The bark made Xander’s body stiffen. Then, he suddenly turned to look at Nora. “Aren’t the Smiths and Hunts very powerful? Hurry up and call the doctor Anti to treat Butterscotch! Anti can save Butterscotch! Quickly call her over. If she doesn’t come, kill her!” 
Xander’s eyes were filled with madness. 
Looking at his heartbreaking appearance, Nora reached out and pressed his head. “Xander, I’m Anti.” 
I am Anti. 
These words caused Xander’s body to stiffen. 
He pushed Nora away and stared at her in shock. “You’re Anti… Mommy, hurry up and save Butterscotch!” 
The first time he called Nora Mommy, he was asking her to do something that she could not. 
However, Nora knew that if she did not do something now, Xander would probably go crazy. 
She took a deep breath and nodded. “Okay.” 
Then, she took out her phone and called Lily. 
Lily’s voice was hoarse. “Boss, I’d just fallen asleep…” 
She had done the DNA tests without sleeping for several days. She did not even attend the children’s birthday party and had fallen asleep. 
Only two hours had passed!
Before she could finish complaining, she heard Nora say, “Come to the Hunts immediately and assist me in a heart transplant surgery!” 
“…OK.”
###Chapter 695
Chapter 695 Three Months 
Before Lily could rush over, the tables in the waiting room had already been gathered. All the medical equipment at the Hunts’ had been transported in under Justin’s guidance. 
When Lily rushed over, she hurriedly changed her clothes and put on surgical gloves to assist Nora in the surgery. When she saw the dog on the operating table, Lily was stunned. She hesitated and asked, “Boss, why are you operating on a dead…” 
Before she could finish saying the words ‘dead dog’, Nora suddenly shot her a look. That glance contained a warning, causing Lily to instantly shut her mouth. 
Only then did she realize that the others in the room had been chased out. Except for a child standing in a corner. 
He stood there silently with a knife in his hand and did not move at all. His eyes were fixed on the operating table. 
He was not afraid of such a bloody scene at all. 
Only then did Lily realize that something was wrong. Therefore, she cooperated with Nora prepared to replace Butterscotch’s heart. 
Nora stared at the dog. Butterscotch was already dead. 
When Nora came to see it, she realized that its heart had already stopped beating. 
This was also the first patient who had died in front of her in Nora’s medical career. 
But she was still acting.
No, not for show. 
Nora was actually dissecting Butterscotch. 
These words were cruel. Butterscotch was Xander’s friend. Xander would never allow it to be treated like this, but Nora had to do it. 
That was because she wanted to observe the power of the gene serum through Butterscotch! 
Xander had been injected with a gene serum. This was definitely the most important thing for her. Her mother had not left anything behind. She had long investigated this. 
There was nothing in the company she had left behind, either… or she had not realized it yet. 
She couldn’t just pin all her hope on her mother. She had to research it herself! 
When she saw Butterscotch’s heart filled with cracks, her heart shrunk. The power of that mysterious gene serum was too great. 
In Butterscotch’s body, only its heart was ruptured. The rest of its body was more developed than an ordinary dog. 
Furthermore, this dog’s brain development was very good. The current Butterscotch had the intelligence of a three-year-old child. The gene serum was indeed powerful! 
Two hours later, Xander covered Butterscotch with a white sheet. 
He finally admitted that Butterscotch was dead. 
He looked at Butterscotch in a daze but did not cry. He only said, “So, even a heart transplant was useless!”
With that, the child lowered his head, as if he felt guilty for his ignorant thoughts. 
He looked at Butterscotch’s corpse and then at Nora. For the first time, he made his own request. “Can we… not eat Butterscotch?” Nora was taken aback. 
Xander sighed. “The friends who died in the past had all been eaten.” 
He still remembered Butterscotch’s mother, who was also a fierce big dog. After it was taken away by the two bodyguards to be dissected, the two of them had boasted it in front of him, “Dog meat is really delicious!” 
Therefore, after his little animals died, he would force himself to eat them. 
In that case, those friends’ corpses would not be treated so cruelly. 
But now, he did not want to eat it anymore. 
Would his new parents agree? 
While Xander was a little perturbed, Nora held his chin up and touched his head. 
Half an hour later, a pit was dug out on the ground in the Hunts’ back garden. Butterscotch’s corpse was placed in a glass coffin Justin had bought and slowly lowered underground. Then, the man handed a shovel to Xander. “Let him rest in peace!” 
For the first time, Xander realized that his dead friend could be buried in peace! 
His eyes turned red. 
He finally felt the warmth of this house.
After Butterscotch was buried, Xander was still sick. The child was a little feverish and was talking nonsense in his sleep. 
“Butterscotch, don’t worry. I’ll treat you.” 
“Fluffy, don’t be afraid. I don’t have to eat you anymore. Actually, rabbit meat is very bad…” 
Cherry looked at him with her chin propped up and sighed silently. 
Pete also frowned. “Dad, shouldn’t Xander’s name be changed?” 
Hearing this, Justin glanced at Nora. 
After Cherry returned to the Hunts, he had not changed her name. The name “Cheryl Smith” was very pleasant to hear. Besides, he did not think that there would be anything between their surnames. 
As for Xander… Justin had already found a few names for him. Since the child had grown old enough, Justin wanted him to choose for himself once he was awake. 
Nora did not care about this, but her heart ached for Xander. 
At this moment, her phone suddenly rang. It was a message from Trueman. 
“Looking at the time, Butterscotch’s V15 should have expired. It died without the V16, right? Do you want Xander to die too?” 
“Oh, right, I forgot to tell you. Xander’s injected genes were to modify his brain, so if he dies, it won’t be because of his heart. It’s useless for you to transplant his heart. You have to change his brain, but as everyone knows, there have yet to be any successful cases of brain transplants. Besides, are you really going to replace his brain?”
“Since Xander is still a child he would only have about three months after taking the V15. Therefore, you only have three months, just like me.”
###Chapter 696
Chapter 696 Clues 
Three months… 
This was indeed Trueman’s real goal. 
Nora stared at the V15 serum in her hand. At this moment, she was contemplating whether to inject it into Xander. 
If she did not inject it, he would die in ten days. If she injected it, he would be in control of the drug. 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
Justin walked out and held her shoulder. “Xander’s fever has subsided. Don’t worry.” 
With Nora around, even if Xander had a fever, he would not have any problems. 
Nora nodded. 
At this moment, the butler suddenly walked over. He looked at the two of them and fell silent. For a moment, he did not know how to report. 
Nora asked, “What’s wrong?”. 
The butler sighed. “There’s a cat among Xander’s pets. Seems like it wouldn’t make 
it.” 
II 
11
Nora went to the room downstairs. Mrs. Hunt liked raising pets, so there were people at home who knew how to raise pets. They took good care of Xander’s ten-plus pets. 
The other pets were very energetic, but they were clearly a little afraid. They huddled in a corner, but one of the cats was lying on the ground listlessly. Its eyelids were drooping, and it was obvious that it would not survive. 
Nora glanced at it. 
Her phone rang again. It was Trueman. “Oh, and Tiger. It seems like Tiger won’t be able to make it past two days. Those pets have been injected with V15. They’re only short of V16.” 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
Justin narrowed his eyes. “He only wants us to watch the animals die one by one, but there’s nothing we can do. We need to find V16!” 
Trueman’s methods were really cruel. 
He knew that the two of them were not people who could be easily manipulated, which was why he had made this decision. Perhaps the two of them did not believe that Xander would die. When they were searching for the V16 Yvette had left behind, they had not put in enough effort. Perhaps they would not realize the severity of the matter until Xander suddenly died. 
Therefore, he had sent Xander’s friends over with good intentions on the surface to make the child happy. However, his real goal was to let the two of them witness their deaths one by one to increase their urgency. 
Yes, that was right. 
A sense of urgency.
Nora felt very anxious at this moment. 
Although she was very good at medicine and had a certain status in biological engineering, it still took time for her to grasp new things. 
Furthermore, the mysterious organization had worked hard for so many years and no one had been able to develop V16. This meant that V16 might not be something that she could easily develop alone. 
Nora suddenly turned around and walked out. 
Justin followed behind her, but she stopped him. “Stay here and take care of Xander. I’ll be right back.” 
The woman who had always been sleepy did not have time to sleep now. Although Justin wanted to follow her, he knew that if he did not stay by the three children’s side, Nora might not be able to feel at ease, either. Therefore, he stopped in his tracks. 
He stared at the woman’s back and lowered his eyes. 
His eyes were dark as he clenched his fists tightly. 
Nora went straight to the hospital and found Charles’s ward. 
Charles had already fallen asleep. He was woken up by the noise and looked at Nora in front of him in shock. 
Nora asked, “You stopped me and didn’t want me to know about the triplets. I understand 
now.” 
When Charles heard this, he instantly sat up.
He stared at Nora and said carefully, “Miss…” 
“What is the V16? Do you not want me to look for the formula my mother had left behind?” 
When Charles heard this, he instantly sighed. “Miss Nora, once the V16 appears, it will definitely cause widespread panic in the world. If the serum is perfected and humans are able to acquire flawless genetics, do you think humanity would survive?” 
Nora thought of the few people who had injected gene serum in the martial arts arena. They were really powerful. If that kind of serum was mass-produced and had no side effects, wouldn’t future humans be able to create several powerful armies? 
Thinking about it, it was indeed terrifying. 
However, she could not care less about this. 
She said, “I know the truth now. I don’t have time to care about what you’re saying. I can find V16 and save Xander before destroying it!” 
When Charles heard this, he knew that it was hopeless for him to stop her. He took a deep breath and said, “But V16 is not that easy to find. The mysterious organization has been searching for 25 years for the thing, but there are still no clues. It means that this thing is really very well hidden.” 
“No matter how well hidden it is, there must be traces.” 
Nora stared at him and said, “You must have a clue.” 
Otherwise, the mysterious organization would not have spared him. Charles had betrayed Yvette many years ago, and the mysterious organization had squeezed him dry of all his value but had not killed him. This meant that there was a need for this person to live. 
To Trueman, the only value of Charles’s life was that he could provide some clues to find V16.
Therefore, Nora was certain that Charles had a clue. 
When Charles heard this, he instantly shut his mouth as if he was facing a formidable enemy. 
Nora sat opposite him. “At this point, there’s no longer a need to hide. Tell me.”
###Chapter 697
Chapter 697 A Trick, Yvette’s Skillful Methods 
Charles lowered his head and sighed heavily. 
He felt like he had no dignity to speak of it in front of Nora. 
However, he knew that he had betrayed Yvette and then Nora. He deserved all of this. 
He raised his head and looked at Nora. “Ms. Nora, do you know how difficult and dangerous it will be for you to find V16?” 
Nora looked at him. 
Charles took a deep breath. “Do you really think that the mysterious organization is weak? Ms. Nora, you’re wrong, very wrong! Trueman is only one of them! Their power is so strong that you can’t even imagine it, their background as well. Everything they show you is what they’re willing to let you find out. Even that child…” 
“At the time, I kept emphasizing that you had twins because I wanted you to stay away from Xander and not be dragged into the V16 mess. But you were still too smart. That child was injected with a gene serum. Logically, if I didn’t admit it, you shouldn’t have noticed, since your DNA wouldn’t match very well.” 
What he did not know was that Nora and Lily’s medical skills were high enough to restore the initial DNA. 
Nora could not be bothered to explain this to him. But was the mysterious organization really so powerful? 
She lowered her eyes.
To be honest, all she had heard until now was that there would be danger when she grew up and that she should stay away from mysterious organizations. 
However, the only person from the mysterious organization whom she really came into contact with was Trueman. 
Although Trueman’s behavior was bad, to Nora, he was as childish as a three-year-old little demon. 
She asked, “Is the mysterious organization really that powerful?” 
Charles asked, “If they’re not strong, if they’re not powerful, why didn’t Ms. Yvette ask for help? Why did she escape to California by herself? Why did she keep you alive while she herself had to die in the end?” 
Nora fell silent. 
She had already wondered about this question. 
The mysterious organization was very powerful overseas, but was it that powerful in New York? Back then, if her mother had asked the special department for help and not tried to escape, would she not have had to die? 
Charles shook his head. “Because your mother knew that even if she asked for help, it was useless! In the end, she came to California. In the end, she could only die helplessly to protect you and your secret. No matter how powerful your mother was, she was still discovered by the mysterious organization in the end. Ms. Yvette was still a step behind.” 
After Yvette died, Charles felt like his worldview had collapsed. 
Even someone as strong as her had been forced to this extent by the mysterious organization that she had to protect her daughter with her life. She had been discovered by the mysterious organization and they had found him as well.
At that time, his heart wavered. 
Ms. Yvette was not a match for a mysterious organization. 
Therefore, in the end, he chose to betray Ms. Yvette in fear. 
After that, he watched helplessly as the Grays and the Smiths in California slowly developed. Both sides thought that their cooperation was very stable, but they did not know that everything was under the surveillance of the mysterious organization! The two families were played like monkeys. In the end, they arranged for Charles to get Nora pregnant with multiple children… 
He sighed and continued, “I betrayed Ms. Yvette. Not long after her death, the mysterious organization discovered your existence and learned about your mother and the Grays’ conspiracy. They sat on the fishing boat and dominated the subsequent events! 
Later, I was used by the mysterious organization to deal with you. It was indeed because of the drug that you gave birth to the triplets. And your pregnancy back then was plotted by Trueman!” 
Compared to the mysterious organization, Ms. Yvette was still a step behind. 
As Charles was thinking, he saw Nora shake her head. “Instead, I feel that the mysterious organization has fallen into my mother’s trap.” 
Charles was stunned and looked at her in confusion. 
Nora stared at him. “So what if the mysterious organization found out about me? They did not catch me and interrogate me about V16’s whereabouts because they knew that it was useless! 
They had to wait obediently until I grew up. They had to ensure my safety with bodyguards because if I died, the Grays would never have been able to get the V16, and the mysterious organization would
forever lose it as well. 
Mother should have known this when she died. Until now, everything has been in her plans!” 
Charles was stunned. 
His eyes widened and he stared at Nora in disbelief. 
After careful consideration of her words, he realized that it was not impossible for Ms. Yvette to fight against the mysterious organization! 
At least for the past 25 years, the mysterious organization had been protecting Nora. 
This was all within her expectations. 
Charles felt like his entire worldview was about to collapse. He looked at Nora in a daze. 
Nora continued, “In fact, mother should have guessed that they would inject my child with gene serum and I would be controlled by them. Therefore, she really must have left behind the V16 formula or the completed product! Although I don’t know why the mysterious organization didn’t just keep me themselves, she couldn’t just let my child die at their hands!” 
Charles looked at Nora. His thoughts were already in a daze. 
He said, “I know why they didn’t keep you.” 
Nora hesitated and asked, “Why?” 
“It’s because your mother had injected you with a gene serum to improve your intelligence the moment you were born. That drug was unique. Once injected, the body is unable to take other drugs. Not only did
they not dare to inject you with another serum, but they also needed to guarantee that you digested the small amount your mother had injected you with.” 
Genetic serums themselves had huge side effects. This was also why only five children from the mysterious organization had survived all these years. 
Charles was silent for a moment as if he was slowly realizing how ingenious Yvette’s arrangements were. “Besides, the mysterious organization doesn’t dare to attack you. If you die, there will be nothing left! That’s why they chose your child!” 
When Nora heard this, she suddenly realized that her mother had injected her with a small amount of medicine after she was born. She had really considered all aspects of the matter! 
She was surprised by her mother’s ingenious arrangements. She looked at Charles and stepped forward, staring at him. “So now can you tell me?”
###Chapter 698
Chapter 698 The Clue Is on Her! 
Charles was a little stunned by Nora’s words. 
Over the years, he had always thought that it was because Yvette was no match for the mysterious organization that she had been schemed against. But it turned out that he was wrong. 
It was as expected of Ms. Yvette. 
He lowered his head and smiled bitterly. After a moment, he said, “She left behind a medicine.” 
Nora suddenly looked at him. “Where is it?” 
Charles shook his head. “I really don’t know. She had left you a clue. She once said that it would be up to you to find it.” 
Before she died, Yvette had arranged everything for the three of them. 
When the four of them separated, Old Maddy was worried about Nora’s safety and had asked, “Are you really sure about Nora? Besides, the clues to the V16 are only meant for Nora. Will she be in danger?” 
Yvette had said at that time, “If she finds it in the future, it would mean that she has the intelligence and power to resist the mysterious organization. If she can’t find it… Then, as long as V16 doesn’t show up, nothing will happen to her. The mysterious organization will protect her.” 
Clues… 
Her mother had really left a clue.
Nora stood up suddenly. At this moment, there was no need for Charles to lie to her. He was definitely telling the truth. 
However, other than a voice message, the only thing her mother had left behind was that company. 
The company… When she was in California, she had suspected that the Grays wanted her company, so she had already turned the company upside down. There was nothing there! 
It seemed like she had overlooked something. 
At this moment, Charles was useless to her. Nora turned around and walked out. 
She had just taken two steps when Charles suddenly shouted, “Ms. Nora…” 
Nora stopped in her tracks and turned back. 
Charles’s old face was filled with caution and frustration. He looked like his heart had turned to ashes. He hesitated and said, “I’m sorry… Ms. Yvette probably won’t forgive 
me.” 
Looking at this person and thinking about his miserable life, Nora suddenly said, “She will.” 
Charles was stunned. 
Nora said calmly, “She never blamed you.” 
Charles had betrayed Yvette and spent his entire life in guilt. When he heard this, he felt like the huge rock pressing on his heart for so many years had dropped. He heaved a sigh of relief. 
Nora did not look at him again and walked out of the ward.
Lily followed beside her and asked in confusion, “Boss, why did you say your mother would forgive him? For someone like him who betrayed his master, if it were me, I would never forgive him!” 
Hearing this, Nora sighed and looked at her. “Because even his betrayal was within my mother’s expectations.” 
After saying this, Nora strode away. 
Lily was left standing in the hospital. When she came over today to see Quentin, she did not plan to leave with Nora. When she heard Nora’s words, she suddenly felt a chill run down her spine. 
The clue was with her, which was also the reason why the mysterious organization did not attack her directly. 
As for staying low-profile, her mother’s warning was probably to let her conserve her strength. 
By now Nora had finally guessed all her mother’s plans. At the same time that she was excited, she was also anxious. 
With her mother being so smart, it would probably be even more difficult for her to resolve this problem. 
On the way back to the Smiths, she put on her earphones and listened to the recording her mother had left her. This was the only thing her mother had left behind. 
After listening to it a few times, she had those words memorized. 
Nora sighed silently.
It seemed like she had to go to California and chat with the manager of Idealian Pharmaceuticals. Since her mother had trusted him back then, he must have some important information. 
As she thought about this, she listened attentively to the recording in her earpiece and suddenly captured some information. 
At the same time, her phone rang.
###Chapter 699
Chapter 699 Who Dares to Chase Me Away? 
Nora had a flash of inspiration and caught some information. However, all her inspiration was interrupted by her phone ringtone, making her frown. 
She felt like something she had overlooked was about to surface, but it instantly sank to the bottom again. 
She sighed silently. 
It seemed like she really could not be anxious. 
She picked up her phone. A gentle voice came from the other end. “Nora, I’ll go to the Hunts later. Are you coming?” 
It was Justin’s mother, Iris. 
When she thought of the gentle woman, Nora laughed softly. “Okay… Sister.” 
After all, she had recognized her as her God-sis back then. 
Iris had really taken good care of herself. Over the years, she had been raising flowers every day and did not care about the outside world. Such a person had no worries and still looked to be in her thirties. 
She probably couldn’t get Nora to call her Mom, either. 
Hearing Nora call her ‘sister’, Iris was silent for a moment before she smiled. “Only call me that in private. Don’t call me that when we’re at the Hunts.” 
Nora: “?”
Just as she raised her eyebrows, she heard her say, “I don’t want my son to become a cold machine when he faces me.” 
When Nora heard this, she was silent for a moment before replying, “Okay.” 
Justin and Iris’s relationship did not seem to be very good. She did not know the specific reason, but she did not want to add to the misunderstanding between them. 
After hanging up, she drove back to the Hunts. 
When she arrived at the door, she noticed that Iris’ car had also arrived. 
The woman was wearing a white dress. She was tall and slender. Her actions had the elegance and grace of a young lady from a big family. She slowly walked toward Nora. 
“…What are you here for?” 
Nora almost called her God-sis. Fortunately, she controlled herself. 
Iris looked at her affectionately and said, “It was Cherry and Pete’s birthday yesterday. I won’t join in the fun, but as a grandmother, I have to make up for it. Besides… I heard that you had actually given birth to triplets back 
then?” 
Nora: “…” 
Why were Iris’s eyes so mocking when she mentioned the triplets? 
She had even added, “How awesome!” at the end. 
Nora felt a little awkward and followed her into the room.
In the living room, Cherry was playing games on the sofa while Pete was sitting beside her, reading. Xander was still resting upstairs. Although his fever had subsided, he was still a little weak. 
When they saw Iris, their eyes lit up. They jumped down from the sofa and ran to her. 
Pete was clearly much more lively than before. He took the initiative to shout, “Grandma!” 
Cherry’s eyes widened as well. “Grandma, tell me the truth. Are you a vampire?” 
Everyone: “?” 
The others were a little surprised. Why would Cherry say such rude things? 
Only Nora’s mouth twitched. She was used to it. Sure enough, she heard her next words. “Why don’t you look old at all? You’re still so young and beautiful? If we go out together, people will definitely think you’re my sister!” 
Saying that she was her sister was too much. 
However, such lies did not feel strange coming from Cherry’s mouth. She even wanted to laugh. 
Iris smiled and picked her up. “Cherry, you’re so sweet. I wonder who you inherited that from?” 
“Not Mommy!” 
Her mother was the most stubborn and did not like to speak! 
After Cherry subconsciously said this, she looked up at Nora. When her eyes met Nora’s, she immediately added, “After all, I’ve already inherited Mommy’s beauty~ I can’t be greedy!” 
This little bootlicker.
Nora’s lips curled up. Her almond-shaped eyes glared at her slightly 
Iris also laughed out loud. Then, she gave the three children the gifts she had brought and went upstairs to see Xander. 
Nora had lit a calming incense in the room, so the little guy was sleeping very soundly and did not wake up. 
Iris did not want to stay in the Hunts for very long. She stood up and said, “I’ll see him next time.” 
She went out and then downstairs with Nora. When she saw Justin standing there, her eyes flickered for a moment before she nodded at him. 
“You’re here.” 
Justin’s attitude was also very cold. Iris said, “I’d come to see the child. I’ll get going now.” 
Justin nodded distantly. 
Iris glanced at him. Although there was a lot she wanted to say, she did not know where to start. In the end, she silently walked past Justin. 
Just as she reached the door, the butler rushed in. “Sir, bad news! Old Sir is back!” 
When the butler saw Iris, he instantly shut his mouth. 
Iris frowned. “Who?” 
The butler was anxious. He glanced at Justin and could only bite the bullet and say, “J-Jus… Justin’s… father.”
Iris immediately clenched her fists. 
The butler added carefully, “And… and that 
woman.” 
When Nora saw the situation, she looked at Justin. She saw the man raise his eyes and stare outside with a deep gaze. He was silent for two seconds before saying, “Chase her away.” 
However, as soon as he finished speaking, a voice was heard. “This is my house. Let’s see who dares to chase me away?”
###Chapter 700
Chapter 700 Iris’s Changing Face 
Then, a middle-aged man strode in. 
Herman was almost fifty years old this year. He looked elegant and his hair was half white, making him look a little old. On his face, which was 40% similar to Justin’s, his long and narrow eyes had the wisdom of many years. 
Iris looked at him. 
She hadn’t seen him for more than twenty years. He was still wearing the suit he loved the most back then. The years had left traces on his face, making her momentarily dazed. 
Then, a gentle smiling woman followed him in. If one looked carefully, one would notice that the woman and Iris’s style was a little similar. They were both gentle and elegant. 
Unfortunately, the same clothes had all kinds of charm on Iris, but on her, it seemed a little too heavy. 
Iris’s pupils constricted. 
When Herman saw her, he frowned and asked sternly, “Heh, I was wondering who wanted to chase me out? So it’s you…” 
His gaze fell on Justin before he looked at Iris. “You two seem to have a good mother-son relationship!” 
Justin looked at the two of them in silence. He did not speak or deny this sentence because he did not want to say anything that would make Iris lose face.
When Iris heard this, her expression instantly turned cold. She turned back to look at Nora and said calmly, “From now on, you have to take good care of the three children. I’ll be leaving now.” 
With that, she prepared to go leave. 
Nora glanced at Cherry. Cherry immediately walked to Iris’s side and held her arm. “Grandma, be careful~” 
Iris froze when she heard her. 
She immediately retracted her arm from Cherry’s hand. She lowered her eyes and said calmly, “There’s no need. I can walk myself.” 
Cherry looked at Iris in confusion. Why did her grandmother suddenly change her attitude when she was still so good to her and her brother just a moment ago? 
She must be angry that she and her brother had not gone to see her for too long! 
Therefore, Cherry looked up and whined, “Grandma, Pete and I will visit you often in the future!” 
Iris’s grip on her bag tightened slightly, but she still lowered her head and said slowly, “No.” 
She turned around and said coldly, “My flowers are all very expensive. You touched them so casually the last time you came to visit me. You’re very rude…” 
Cherry bit her lip. 
Since she was young, she did not care if others criticized her or scolded her. This was the first time that someone she cared about had said something bad about her! 
She widened her eyes sadly and looked at Iris in confusion.
Justin, who was a slave to his daughter, could no longer stand Cherry’s aggrieved look. He stepped forward and said in a very cold tone, “She’s still young. How is she being rude? Six-year-old children would naturally be curious about things. Did she harm your flowers?” 
Iris said, “Orchids are the most precious. They’re not for children to play with. Besides, I hate children the most. They’re too noisy…” 
Justin sneered. “So you hated me this much when I was young?” 
Iris was stunned. 
Justin ignored her and picked up Cherry. “If you like orchids, I’ll buy you a hundred pots. You can smash them anywhere in the back garden.” 
The hostility in his words was very strong. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and saw Iris’ face instantly turn as pale as paper. However, following that, she continued coldly, “You’re rich. You can spoil the child however you want, but don’t bother me!” 
Justin was about to flare up when Herman suddenly said, “Iris, why are you still so selfish? This is your granddaughter! How can you treat her like this? You’re really too much!” 
Iris suddenly looked at Herman with anger in her eyes. Everyone else had the right to criticize her, but what right did he have to criticize her? Did he not know why she had become like this?! 
Herman narrowed his eyes and smiled. He walked forward as if he did not understand her. Step by step, he arrived in front of Justin and sighed deeply. Like an old father, he said, “Justin, it was Dad and Mom
who let you down back then. For so many years, I’ve always wanted to come back to see you, but your mother always refused… Sigh! I came back this time because I heard that you held a birthday party for the triplets. I specially came to give gifts to my grandchildren!” 
With that, he looked at the woman behind him. “Lauren, hurry up and get the gifts!” 
The mistress named Lauren stepped forward and placed the three presents in her hand on the ground. Then, she took one out and handed it to Cherry. “Is your name Cherry? Your name is really cute. The little guy is also so cute. Come, let your grandmother hug you!” 
A hug from a grandmother… 
Iris had already reached the door, but when she heard this, she suddenly stopped. 
She subconsciously turned around and saw the four of them standing together like a family. She felt like an outsider. 
Iris felt a pain in her heart. 
However, she still turned around forcefully and prepared to leave. 
At this moment, a pair of hands held hers tightly. She was stunned for a moment. When she raised her head again, she saw Nora.

###Chapter 702
Chapter 702 Reasons 
What had happened back then… 
Even Mrs. Landis didn’t know the full story. All she knew was that after Herman left, Iris had suddenly packed up her things one day, moved out of the Hunt Manor, and moved into the small villa here. 
From then on, it was as if she had suddenly become cold-hearted, and no longer cared about Justin. 
But Mrs. Landis still remembered that one day when the five-year-old Justin, who didn’t understand anything at all, suddenly ran all the way to the villa, crying and shouting for his mother. 
But Iris had refused to open the door. She had stayed in the house and merely said, “Go back. I don’t want to see you.” 
“Mom, open the door!” 
Outside the door, the five-year-old Justin tried his best to knock on the door, but as though she had hardened her heart, she never opened it. 
Justin was just as stubborn. He shouted, “If you don’t open the door, I won’t leave!” 
Later, it started to rain. 
It was storming, and the winds were howling in the heavy rain. The bodyguard gave him an umbrella, but he pushed him away. The stubborn little boy kept standing on that rainy night. 
Justin had a very determined look in his eyes. He didn’t believe that his mother would really ignore him. 
Neither did he believe that his gentle mother would suddenly become so cruel and hard-hearted.
But later, cold and hungry, he finally fainted from exhaustion. Even when he had collapsed onto the ground, he kept his eyes open with the last vestiges of his strength and stared at the door. 
What disappointed him was that from beginning to end, the door never opened once. 
From then on, Justin understood that Iris didn’t love him anymore. After visiting a few more times, he rarely came again. 
But he didn’t know that Mrs. Landis had seen with her own eyes that the entire time he was in the rain, Iris had also stood in the rain in the courtyard inside the villa. 
When the bodyguards outside exclaimed in shock after he fainted, Iris had rushed to the door. Both her hands had been on the gates, but she never opened the door. 
Her tears had mixed together with the rainwater on her face, and she wept silently with her mouth open. That was the most painful night of Iris’ life that Mrs. Landis had ever seen. 
She was a hundred times sadder than when Herman had betrayed her. 
In her opinion, Iris didn’t actually love Herman at all-or rather, she didn’t love him that deeply. After all, theirs had been a political marriage. 
She had given all her love to Justin. 
But for some reason, mother and son had to be separated. They had clearly been so close once upon a time, yet they were like complete strangers now. 
Mrs. Landis simply didn’t understand what had happened. She stared at Iris, only to see tears all over her face. 
Mrs. Landis panicked. “Ma’am, what’s wrong? What’s the matter?”
Iris covered her face with her hands. 
Before coming, she’d thought that since so many years had gone by, everything must be okay by now, right? 
Besides, Nora had once tried to persuade her and had told her that her son had already grown up. Perhaps her troubles were nothing more than trivial matters to him. 
That was why she had, after a long internal struggle the day before, come to the Hunt Manor today with the clothes she had carefully selected for the three children. 
Deep down, she wanted to repair her relationship with her son. She could also see that, although her son was surprised to see her, he was not hostile towards her. But little did she expect that… that man would come back! 
As expected, those thoughts of hers were all just wishful thinking. 
She should just stay in that small villa her whole life like someone’s trapped canary and live out her life all by herself. 
This was the price she had to pay for that incident back then. 
Without any hope, there would be no disappointment. 
The little spark of hope that had finally ignited after much difficulty had suddenly been extinguished that evening. 
Iris lowered her head. “Don’t ask anymore, Mrs. Landis.” 
Seeing how sad she looked, Mrs. Landis sighed.
At the Hunts’. 
When Justin and Nora entered the living room, they found that Cherry had gone to the bedroom upstairs. Herman and Lauren were sitting on the sofa, drinking the tea that the butler had just handed them. 
Justin seemed utterly heartbroken by Iris. There was sadness on his face. He took Nora’s hand and sat opposite Herman and Lauren. 
Herman said, “You saw that, didn’t you? Your mother is a cold-hearted person. Justin, she has always been so selfish. You should have already become accustomed to it a long time ago, right?” 
Justin raised his head suddenly, piercing light shooting out of his eyes. “Why are you here?” 
Herman narrowed his eyes. “This is my home. Of course I was going to come back someday! Besides, my agreement with your mother back then was for me to leave the Hunts for twenty years! Don’t worry, I know that the entire Hunt Corporation is now in your hands. Even if I’m back, I won’t be able to take anything back from you… I’ve been doing my own business abroad all these years, and have my own assets, so I won’t covet your money. I came back just to visit you, as well as your grandmother along the way.” After saying this, he stood up and started walking out. “I will go and say hi to your grandmother first. I will stay at her place tonight.” 
The fake Lauren said pretentiously, “Justin, this is our gift for the children. Cherry is afraid of strangers, so she didn’t accept the gift. You can give it to her later.” 
After the two left, Justin looked at Nora. “Why don’t you go upstairs first? I will deal with these gifts.” 
Nora had been worried that he would misunderstand Iris, and end up being moved by Herman’s few words. It was only then that she realized that he actually disliked Herman that much. She was relieved. 
She nodded and went upstairs.
After she went upstairs, Justin picked up his cell phone and answered a call. Sean’s voice came from the other side: “Boss.” 
Justin’s gaze was very cold. He lowered his eyes slightly and asked, “Have you looked into it? What did she say in the car after she left…?” 
Sean then recounted the conversation between Mrs. Landis and Iris in the car and told him how Iris had reacted. 
Justin lowered his eyes and listened quietly. 
Sean said tentatively, “Ma’am seems to be having some difficulties, and she is not indifferent to you. Although she speaks disdainfully about the videos sent to her in the past, she has actually kept them all…” 
Justin knew all this, of course—because he was the one who had gotten them to send those videos! 
All he wanted to know right now was—why?! 
Sean was still reporting his discoveries. “The gifts that Ma’am brought for the children were all carefully selected and prepared a month in advance. After hearing that you have another child, she even prepared an additional gift overnight to make up. She was actually planning to tell you some kind of truth when she took the initiative to visit today… but it seems like she has regretted it. It seems that the change in her emotions only took place after your father returned.” 
“Okay.” 
Justin understood what Sean was saying. He raised his eyes and looked ahead of him dispassionately. Then, he slowly said, “If you can’t get anything out of my mother, then try the other side.” 
“Yes, sir.”
###Chapter 703
Chapter 703 Nora, You’re The Only One I Have Left Now 
Justin stared into the distance as he hung up the call. 
There was a tinge of loneliness in his eyes. 
To be honest, he had never believed that his mother had suddenly stopped loving him. When he was a child, he had been so stubborn that he had fainted in rain. When he woke up, he had known right away that it would be useless to approach her again. 
Later, as he grew up, he suddenly discovered one day that a servant at home was filming a video of him. After that, the servant had sent it to someone. 
At first, he’d thought that the servant must be scheming something, so he’d constantly stayed on guard against him. However, even as time passed, the servant didn’t take any action. 
After he grew up, Justin quietly studied and learned hacking techniques without anyone knowing. He had then hacked into the servant’s phone and discovered his secret. 
As it turned out, all the videos of him-from when he was a child all the way until he turned into a young adult—had all been sent by the servant to his mother, who had never shown any concern for him! 
He took the opportunity to hack into his mother’s cell phone, only to find all the videos of him stored within. Every video of him from when he was a child until he became a young adult-was in there. None of them had ever been deleted. And every night, before going to bed, she would watch the videos of him over and over again. 
Justin had been thirteen years old then.
Since then, he became certain that his mother was hiding something from him, and that she had her reasons and difficulties for doing so. 
It could be said that he had never held any grudge towards his mother. 
However, this did not mean that he was not angry about it. 
He was indeed furious. 
When he was young, he couldn’t do anything. Thus, for his own good, his mother had kept those secrets from him. But even as he grew up, was his mother still unable to believe in him? 
Besides… 
It was undeniable that feelings and relationships were built and developed through daily contact and interaction with one another. The twenty-year-long separation had left him and Iris with nothing much to say to each other. 
Thus, later on, he only occasionally visited her at the villa, and never without reason. 
He was waiting. 
He was waiting for his mother to take the initiative to tell him the truth. But judging from her behavior, was his mother planning to keep it from him for the rest of her life? Just because it would bring him trouble? 
Justin lowered his head. 
To be honest, there were times when he felt like giving up on the investigation. 
So what even if he found out what had happened?
Since she hadn’t been by his side as he grew up, why should he accompany her as she grew old…? Besides, sometimes habit really was something awfully scary—he had already grown used to not having her at home. 
If there came a day where he suddenly found himself with a mother nagging at him, he might not be able to get used to it either. 
Yet when he heard from Sean that she had cried, his heart softened again. 
No matter what, they were still mother and son. Even if he was indifferent by nature, and even if he might only care about a few people; the woman was still among the few he cared about. 
Moreover-and also the main reason-Nora seemed to share a very good relationship with her. 
Upstairs. 
Nora entered the room to see Cherry pulling a long face. Although she was sitting on the sofa and playing games, she was not happy. 
Pete glanced at her. “What’s the matter? Is something troubling you?” 
Cherry killed an enemy in the game and then looked up at him. “Is it that obvious that I’m upset?” 
“… You didn’t rant at anyone while playing your game today,” replied Pete with the corners of his lips spasming. The little girl was pretty much just short of blatantly writing the words “I’m unhappy” on her face. 
Even Princess Lucy asked, “Cherry, what’s wrong? Did someone bully you? I’ll get the bodyguards to beat them up!” As she spoke, she even waved her tiny little fists. She looked just like a Barbie doll. 
Cherry sighed quietly. “Don’t beat her up, Lucy. You don’t understand.”
A puzzled Lucy asked, “What don’t I understand? Is this some kind of rule in America? Why should you put up with it when that person is upsetting you?” “Because it’s my grandma we’re talking about!” 
Cherry rested her chin on her hand and said, “Grandma was really nice to me in the past, I don’t know why she suddenly changed today. She must have a reason for doing so! Do you know why she did that, Pete?” 
Pete shook his head. “I don’t know.” 
Cherry was a little disappointed. “You are so stupid~” 
Cherry sighed quietly. “Forget it, it’s time for my live-stream!” 
After speaking, she sat on the sofa and opened the live-stream app. 
Seeing the little fellows chatting so happily, Nora didn’t go in to disturb them and left instead. 
Cherry was not someone to dwell on things, so she would never take such small matters to heart. Neither did she need Nora to comfort her. In her opinion, Justin was simply overthinking things. 
After she left, she looked downstairs again and saw that there was no one in the living room. However, there was a figure on the balcony. 
Although Nora was very sleepy and wanted very much to look for someplace where she could sleep, when she thought of how hurtful Iris’ words earlier in the day had been for Justin, she nevertheless went down the stairs and walked towards him. 
As she went over, she saw the man standing there with his back to her. 
The moonlight cast a silver glow on him, making a smooth silhouette of the dark and overcast figure. He exuded a sense of alienation and indifference, yet at the same time, he looked as though he had
been forgotten in a corner. 
He seemed so sad and lonely that it made one feel sorry for him. 
This was especially when the man, who had never smoked, actually had a cigar held in between his fingertips at the moment. The smoke from the cigar curled upwards, making him look even lonelier. 
Nora felt like they could pretty much make a movie with the scene. 
The corners of Nora’s lips twitched a little. She hadn’t expected the man to be so deeply hurt. 
She walked over and stood behind him. Just as she was about to speak, the man suddenly turned around and embraced her tightly. His chest was very hard and solid. It felt rather uncomfortable when he held her so tightly. 
Yet Nora did not dare to push him away at a time like this, for fear that he would become even sadder– because the man happened to whisper into her ear, “Nora, you’re the only one I have left now.” 
IIII 
Nora kept quiet for three seconds, but in the end, she still couldn’t stop herself from saying, “You still have Cherry, Pete, Xander, Brenda, and also Sean and Lawrence. There’s also…” 
Justin: “…” 
He really shouldn’t have allowed the woman to speak. The moment she opened her mouth, she would absolutely become the insensitive girl who ruined the atmosphere! 
The corners of Justin’s lips spasmed. Seeing that Nora was actually planning to continue listing the rest, he promptly and decisively lowered his head suddenly and caught the woman’s lips.
He could see the girl freezing suddenly. Then, her almond-shaped eyes widened and she looked at him in astonishment. It seemed like her first reaction was to push him away, yet she held back. 
Justin closed his eyes. He could sense that the girl was being extra-tolerant today, so he pushed his luck and invaded her mouth. 
The crisp smell of tobacco on the man rushed into Nora’s nostrils bossily, making her feel like the smell was actually quite pleasant? 
To be honest, she hadn’t thought of pushing him away. 
If the man needed a hug and a kiss to reinforce his sense of security, then she didn’t mind giving them to him. 
Besides, he really was exceptionally pitiful today. Thus, not only did Nora not resist, but she even stretched out her arms and circled them around his neck tightly, and started responding to his kiss. 
The atmosphere gradually turned amorous. 
It seemed like all the air at the balcony had been sucked away. In the narrow space, the man and woman’s chests heaved up and down. After some time, Justin suddenly picked up Nora and carried her like a newly-wed bride. He said, “Let’s… go to the bedroom upstairs.” 
The suggestiveness in his words were very apparent. 
When he stared hard at Nora, he saw the girl, whose cheeks were scarlet and her eyes misty, reply, “Okay.” 
###Chapter 704
Chapter 704 She’s Asleep 
To be honest, Justin hadn’t expected her to agree. 
He’d long discovered that the woman had always been relatively indifferent in her feelings. It hadn’t been that long since the two of them confirmed their relationship, either. 
The woman’s chest was heaving up and down intensely at the moment, and her eyes contained a faint hint of womanly charm and shyness. When she agreed with her cheeks all red, he was instead stunned for a moment. 
But right after, he regained his senses. 
Seemingly afraid that the woman would go back on her word the very next second, he turned around at once and strode up the stairs. 
Nora, whose head was buried into his chest, could see that his eyes were as deep and bottomless as the ocean. The way his eyes were staring at her so closely was as though he was looking at his prey, which made one feel daunted and timid. 
But unfortunately, who did he think Nora was? 
She had always been the hunter, not the hunted. When had she ever allowed herself to be in a disadvantageous position? 
So, the next moment, she yawned. The two went up the stairs and entered the bedroom. With her in his arms, Justin rushed straight towards the bed. However, he had only just taken two steps when Nora said, “Let’s take a bath first. Who’s going in first, you or me?” 
Justin’s eyes instantly turned even darker. “… Let’s go in together?” 
“Get lost.” 
Nora sat upright and jumped out of his arms. “I’ll take a bath first.” 
She took out an unused bath towel from the side and walked into the bathroom. 
Mr. Hunt, who had stayed outside, was so anxious that he was going around in circles. He hurriedly made the bed; then he checked whether the big bed was sturdy enough and whether it would make any noise if people jumped on it. 
After that, he swallowed again and smoothed his hair. 
If Lawrence or Sean were to see him like this, they would probably marvel in amazement. Was that really their boss, who had never even frowned a little in the face of business transactions worth billions, or even dozens of billions? 
Splash 
The sound of water stopped. Justin stood up straight, his eyes fixed in the direction of the bathroom. The door opened, and Nora walked out. 
The bathrobe was wrapped around her, and she was toweling her hair. Because of the hot bath, her cheeks had become even rosier and moist. Her almond-shaped eyes glanced at him shyly and she said, “It’s your turn.” 
His Adam’s apple shifted a little. “… Okay.” 
He picked up the bathrobe and rushed into the bathroom like an eager child.
He washed himself seriously and carefully during the bath, for fear that Nora would notice if he didn’t clean any part of himself well. Even so, he took only two minutes in the bath and ran out again. 
Then, he saw Nora already lying on the bed. 
He slowed down, his breathing becoming heavier and heavier. He walked up to the bed where Nora was. As he thought of what was about to happen that night, he became rather excited. 
But the next moment, his excitement died down. 
Because! The mouth of the woman on the bed was slightly ajar, and her eyes were closed. This… Was she asleep? 
Justin: “” 
How would he know that when they were downstairs just now, as they kissed and kissed, Nora had also been getting sleepier and sleepier?! This continued until the man finally suggested going to the bedroom, and she breathed a huge sigh of relief. 
Would she finally be able to go to sleep? 
Therefore, with her eyelids droopy, she had replied sleepily, “Okay.” 
It wasn’t the shy and bashful reaction that Justin had imagined on his own at all! 
The corners of Justin’s lips spasmed a little. He wanted to lift the quilt but realized that the woman had wrapped it tightly around herself, and was refusing to let him in. 
Justin took another deep breath. In the end, he stood up in silence, went into the bathroom, took out the hairdryer, and quietly started drying her hair for her. 
He hoped beyond everything that perhaps the noise would wake the woman?
Unfortunately, even until her hair was all dry, she didn’t wake up. 
On the contrary, seeing her unintentionally exposed shoulders while drying her hair, the fire in Justin’s heart started to burn even more strongly. 
In the end, Justin took another cold bath that night. 
Nora did not wake up until noon the next day. 
She stretched comfortably. But when she turned her head to the side, she was instead faced with the man’s dark and gloomy face, which gave her a huge shock. 
Justin asked quietly, “Did you sleep well?” 
“… Yeah.” 
Nora yawned. Then, she got out of bed and went to wash up. 
Justin could only sigh helplessly. As he got up, he heard movement outside the door. He went over and looked through the peephole to see the three children and Brenda standing outside. 
Brenda was asking nosily, “Did your Mommy really sleep in there last night? That’s why your father is sleeping in for once?” 
Cherry replied, “Uh-huh, uh-huh! It seemed like Mommy’s legs felt a little weak last night, so Daddy carried her upstairs!” 
Pete said, “… It’s not that Mommy’s legs were weak.”
Cherry was puzzled. “Then was it because Mommy couldn’t walk anymore? So she was acting like a baby?” 
Pete: “?” 
At the side, Lucy covered her mouth and giggled. 
Brenda’s eyes, however, were gleaming in an extremely gossipy manner. She said, “Cherry, you are so dumb! They are making younger brothers and sisters for you!” Cherry: “?” 
Justin: “” 
What kind of nonsense was she saying? What was she teaching his daughter? 
Justin opened the door angrily. His voice deepened and he reprimanded, “Brenda!” 
Brenda got a huge fright. But when she looked over at him, she received an even bigger fright. She swallowed and asked, “How hard were you guys going at it last night, Justin? It gave you dark circles under your eyes?”. 
Justin: “?” 
Before he could speak, Brenda spoke again. “I understand, I understand it all. After all, this is the first time you guys were doing it after such a long time. It’s very normal that you wouldn’t be able to hold yourself back. But you guys still have a long future ahead of you, you know? You have to…” 
The corners of Brenda’s lips curled into a smile as she spoke. With an alluring voice, she said, “… take it easy a little~ After all, Nora is frail and unable to take care of herself. You mustn’t be a beast to her, Justin.” 
Justin retorted angrily, “What nonsense are you saying?”
“What do you mean ‘nonsense’~?” But after she spoke, something suddenly occurred to Brenda and she became terribly alarmed. “Surely not? The two of you, a lone man and a lone woman sharing the same room, you know? Could it be that you have some kind of undisclosed condition, Justin? If so, then you mustn’t keep it to yourself. Nora’s a doctor, hurry up and have her give you a checkup!” 
Justin’s expression turned even darker. “No, I don’t!” 
“That’s more like it!” Brenda breathed a sigh of relief and patted her chest. “Otherwise, you’ll be worse than a beast.” 
“…” 
Justin felt like he was about to get a heart attack from anger. 
Who was she calling worse than a beast, goddammit?! 
Bang! 
Justin shut the door. 
– 
In the suburbs. 
At noon, Iris stood in the greenhouse and took care of her orchids in boredom. 
The door was suddenly pushed open and Herman strode in. When he saw her, he entered the greenhouse. 
Iris frowned at the sight of him. “Get lost, you are not welcome here.”
Herman said, “Don’t get me wrong, I’m not here to rekindle old relationships with you. It’s just that… how were you taking care of our son at home? Your relationship with him is terrible. I was not by Justin’s side when he was a child, yet you didn’t stay with him?!” 
Iris balled up her fists tightly. “You’re asking why my relationship with Justin is so terrible when you already know the answer to that question?! Isn’t it all because…”
###Chapter 705
Chapter 705 An Unfaithful Woman? 
“Because…” 
Iris had hidden the secret about what happened all those years ago in her heart for twenty years and had never mentioned it to anyone. Everyone in this world could criticize her, scold her, and hate her. 
In fact, it was okay even if Justin refused to acknowledge her as his mother. However, the man in front of her was the only person who was not worthy of speaking about her relationship with her son! 
She stared at Herman, though, there wasn’t any anger in her. She merely felt that the man couldn’t get any more thick-skinned than he already was. She sneered and slowly said, “It’s all because of the fantastic things you did back then!” 
Herman frowned when he heard this. “What does it have to do with me? You were obviously the one who was unfaithful!” 
“You—!” 
Iris really found his words ridiculous to the extreme. She stared at Herman. A short while later, she sneered, “It’s been twenty years. Your ability to reverse right and wrong and twist the truth has really improved!” 
Herman wanted to speak again, but Lauren walked in through the door and interrupted their conversation. She said, “That’s enough. Dear, Iris, don’t argue anymore. I know you still hold a grudge against Herman, but it’s already been twenty years now, so what’s the point of doing that to yourself? Justin has already grown up. What Herman did for you back then is already good enough. He has already given up all of his inheritance to the family assets for the two of you… He practically left the family penniless.”
Lauren sighed. “You don’t know how difficult it has been for us to start from scratch when we were abroad all these years.” 
Iris: “?” 
What a clever way of phrasing things. Those who didn’t know better might really have thought that Herman was a good man! 
Iris was not a woman of forbearance. She said eloquently, “How come I don’t remember Herman leaving the Hunts penniless back then? Weren’t the company shares from back then his father’s? Just because his father had chosen Justin over him as the heir to the family, it somehow ended up becoming him giving the assets to me and my son?” 
A sharp look flashed across Lauren’s eyes. “Sigh, you don’t understand. It was Herman who took the initiative to withdraw from the fight because he felt that he had let the two of you down. Otherwise, why would the old sir have chosen a child, who was only five years old, over him?” 
Iris was really rendered speechless by her shameless remark. She sneered and said, “So, am I supposed to be thanking the two of you then?” 
A sullen Herman said, “You can skip the words of gratitude! What was that way of bringing up the boy, though? Just because I was forced into leaving and couldn’t see Justin anymore, you really left him to fend for himself?! And ended up causing that boy to become so perverse and domineering?!” 
Seeing that he was criticizing her again, Iris was so furious that she actually laughed. “I have never stopped you from visiting him, but have you ever taken the initiative to contact him all these years? Your son had probably already stopped existing in your eyes when he was lost back then!” 
Herman frowned. “How can you say that, Iris? Isn’t it obvious that I didn’t contact him because I was afraid that you would feel uncomfortable about it? If I contacted him frequently whereas you, his mother,
stayed here like a widow, then he would have hated and resented you even more!” 
Iris gave a low laugh. Suddenly, she really couldn’t be bothered to say anything to him anymore. He was simply so capable of twisting all her words. 
For Iris, her son was what mattered to her the most. 
All these years, because she hadn’t been able to stay by his side, the child had lacked mother’s love. She had been counting on Herman to stay in contact with him frequently. After all, a father played a very important role in a child’s growth! 
But he hadn’t. 
Herman rarely ever contacted Justin. In fact, he had only called Justin twice during the past twenty years. 
She took a deep breath and pointed to the door. “This is my home. Please leave, otherwise, I’m going to call for someone to send you out.” 
Justin had told her before that he’d stationed some bodyguards for her nearby. 
Due to certain reasons, Iris had agreed to it. The bodyguards were standing right outside the door at the moment. However, they hadn’t come in to stop Herman. 
To be honest, this made Iris a little uncomfortable. 
The son must still resent her. That was why he hadn’t protected her despite the circumstances. 
While she was thinking, Lauren continued adding fuel to the fire and said, “Well, no matter what happened in the past, now that Justin has grown up, you’ll have to interact with Justin in the business
market, Herman. Iris, we came back to America this time partially to expand our business into the domestic market. It just so happens that we can deal more with the Hunts for some of our operations. They are father and son after all. They will eventually get in touch with each other once they work together, and will slowly make up for the regrets from the 
past.” 
After saying that, she looked at Iris. “Also, Justin’s kids are really just too adorable! You don’t know how funny Cherry is. She loves the princess dress I brought over to her this morning.” 
Iris’s heart tightened. 
Her granddaughter was having fun with Lauren? 
But when the thought formed, she felt like she was being narrow-minded again. 
That’s true, even though she and Herman were divorced, it did not mean that Justin had to sever all contact with him. The Hunts were Herman’s family, and the elderly Mrs. Hunt was his mother… 
She had only just thought of that when Lauren spoke again. She said, “By the way, we don’t have a place to stay during our temporary return to America, so we will stay at the Hunt Manor for the time being. You won’t have any ions, right? Cherry is very welcoming of us, she even said that she likes me, her grandmother, very much…” 
The two of them had stayed at the Hunts’ the previous night. 
Iris’s heart felt even heavier. Then, she heard Lauren sigh and say, “Iris, we will be part of the same family in the future. I hope you can let go of all your grievances from the past so that we can all live in peace with one another. This way, Justin won’t feel awkward being caught in the middle either, right?”.
Iris clenched her fists. “We won’t interfere with each other’s lives as long as you people don’t come over and bother me!” 
Lauren took Herman’s arm. “Why would we bother you?” 
With a big smile, she said, “Herman, since there’s nothing else we need with Iris here, then let’s go back. We just need to inform Justin that he needn’t worry about Iris being unhappy about it! Let’s go back, Cherry is still waiting for me to play dolls with her!” 
Herman nodded, and the two turned and left. 
As she stared at them from the back, Iris felt as if there were needles pricking her heart. 
Even though she couldn’t approach her son or her grandchildren before, she could still live with it somewhat. But why should Herman and Lauren be able to stay at the Hunt Manor? Why should they be able to play with her granddaughter every day? 
Iris’ eyes reddened. 
Mrs. Landis came over. She heaved a quiet sigh and said, “Ma’am, if you still keep the truth of what had happened back then to yourself, that scumbag and that cheap woman will take Mr. Hunt away from you! Look at how the bodyguards didn’t even stop them from going in and out of here. These must have been Mr. Hunt’s instructions!” 
Iris felt even worse. 
At this moment, Cherry’s voice suddenly rang out from Mrs. Landis’ cell phone… 
Cherry should be live-streaming at this time. 
Iris suddenly took the phone from her. She would see how Lauren was going to interact intimately with Cherry!
###Chapter 706
Chapter 706 Showing Off? 
Cherry had switched on her webcam during her live-stream that day, so the live-stream was relatively more formal this time. 
Every time she live-streamed, her Sponsor Grandpa would definitely be online. Sponsor Daddy occasionally came in to visit, but it was not as frequent as before. 
It was probably because he could now see her in person every day. 
Cherry wasn’t bothered about these things, though. 
However, a Sponsor Grandma had joined the live-stream recently. 
Of course, she wasn’t addressing that person as Grandma; rather, “Sponsor Grandma” was that person’s username. Sponsor Grandma was currently ranked second in her virtual gift rankings. 
The one in the first place was always Sponsor Grandpa. No one could surpass him. 
The one in third place, Sponsor Daddy, no longer cared about the ranking these days, so his score had been slowly dropping. Cherry first greeted Sponsor Grandpa. Then, when she saw Sponsor Grandma enter the live-stream, the little fellow immediately called out sweetly, “Hi, Sponsor Grandma! How are you doing?” 
Sponsor Grandma wrote in the comments: ‘Not well.’ 
As the big boss ranked second in her virtual gift rankings, her comment was highlighted in the live- stream.
Cherry saw the comment right away. Puzzled, she asked, “Why? Did someone make you angry? Beat them up then!” 
Iris looked at the live-stream. She wanted to say, “You’re the one who made me angry, you little brat.” 
To think she was actually having fun with someone like Lauren… 
If Lauren had gotten into a relationship with Herman after the two of them had divorced normally, then Iris actually would not have prevented Lauren and Cherry from having fun with each other. 
After all, it was good for her to have another person who loved her. 
But Lauren was not a good person at all. She was afraid that Lauren would lead Cherry astray. 
Iris was terribly angry and frustrated. When she was about to send another comment, she suddenly caught a glimpse of a princess dress on the sofa behind Cherry. 
Was that the gift that Lauren had spoken of? The one that she had delivered to Cherry early in the morning? 
Iris suddenly felt very discouraged. 
She put down the phone silently and stood up. 
To be honest, when she agreed to that condition back then, she had already left the family. It was destined that she would no longer have much of a relationship with her son for the rest of her life. 
In that case, why bother disturbing his life? 
Iris lowered her head and turned off the live-stream.
She didn’t want to ask Cherry about Lauren anymore-after all, she was the one who had pushed Cherry away with her own hands the night before. 
0 
Since she had already made her choice, then what right did she have to demand that Cherry be close to her? 
Iris was caught in a dilemma and internal struggle. Mrs. Landis, who was looking at her from the side, was terribly anxious. However, she also knew that once Iris made up her mind, no one would be able to convince her otherwise. 
She heaved a silent sigh and changed the subject. “Ma’am, the pot of Jade Orchids you wanted to buy will be delivered soon, right? Where should we put it?” 
Sure enough, Iris finally perked up a little when she heard this. She stood up and walked one round in the greenhouse with Mrs. Landis. At last, she said, “That pot of Jade Orchids is very rare and very difficult to take care of. We must treat it with great care.” 
“Okay.” 
As the two chatted, they got busy in the greenhouse. 
Seeing that she was finally no longer so listless anymore, Mrs. Landis breathed a sigh of relief. 
An hour later, the two finally made room for the new pot of orchid. Only then did they sit down again. 
Night had almost fallen. The sky had gradually darkened, and the surroundings were quiet. Apart from the chirping of birds, there was no other sound.
When one looked up, through the small courtyard, they could see the skies of New York that were hazy all year round. 
Iris had lived like this for a whole twenty 
years. 
Mrs. Landis had left to make dinner. As Iris sat in the greenhouse, her gaze fell onto Mrs. Landis’ cell phone again, hardly able to stand the itch in her heart. 
Suddenly, she really wanted to hear Cherry’s voice. 
She opened the live-stream again. At once, she heard Cherry’s clear and pleasant voice: “… Jungler, have you gone invisible? How come I never see you during team battles?” 
Iris couldn’t help but smile at the way she spoke when she dissed other players, and she almost laughed out loud. 
As expected, Cherry was still the same bundle of joy she knew her to be. 
Beep. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang 
Iris picked it up casually, the smile still on her face. She saw that someone had sent her a short video. She opened it casually, upon which Lauren’s face immediately appeared. She was speaking to the camera with a smile on her face, “Iris, I am going to go and play with Cherry now. Cherry has always been a very polite and adorable child~” 
Iris: “!!”
She stood up angrily. Lauren must have been afraid that she wouldn’t believe that they had a better relationship with Justin’s family, so she had deliberately sent that to provoke her, right? 
Iris was jealous and envious, but even more helpless and sad. 
She stared at the video. She could see that it was Cherry’s room that Lauren was about to enter. 
The next moment, in Cherry’s live-stream, the sound of someone knocking on the door, as well as Lauren’s gentle voice rang out: “Cherry? Grandma’s coming in, okay_?” 
Iris clenched her fists. 
She looked at Mrs. Landis’ cell phone and stared at Cherry’s live-stream. 
She wanted to close it so that she wouldn’t see their interaction, yet at the same time, she wanted to open her eyes wide and take a good look at what exactly she had lost… 
She felt as though a big invisible hand had closed around her heart tightly. Her chest felt stuffy and tight, and she felt awfully aggrieved. 
Just as she was in a dilemma, she heard Cherry’s young and tender voice become impatient: “Who said you could come in here?”
###Chapter 707
Chapter 707 The Face-Slapping Came So Quickly! 
At the Hunts’. 
Lauren entered the room with a smile on her face. She’d originally wanted to get along properly with Cherry-after all, she really did want to make Cherry happy. 
Once she pleased Cherry, that would mean that she had also pleased Justin. 
But she hadn’t expected Cherry to always look so impatient whenever she saw her. 
She didn’t know that Cherry was live-streaming, so she smiled and said, “Grandma misses little Cherry, so I came over to visit you…” 
After speaking, as if she was on very good terms with Cherry, she walked over to the sofa next to her and picked up the princess dress she had given Cherry earlier that day. She asked, “Don’t you like the princess dress that Grandma bought you? Why didn’t you put it on?” 
Cherry blinked with her big eyes and answered bluntly, “Because I don’t like it, of course!” 
Lauren looked at her hesitantly. “Then what kind do you like? Pink ones? Purple ones? 
Or?” 
Cherry tilted her head to the side, which made her look very naughty. Her grin made her look even more like a little devil. She replied, “It’s you I don’t like.” 
Lauren was taken aback. 
Cherry said, “So, as long as it is from you, I won’t like it. Don’t waste your time trying to please me. Please go out! I don’t have a grandmother like you!”
The little fellow’s voice was crisp and clear, and she spoke loudly and sonorously. 
Lauren flushed, but she didn’t dare to bully Cherry, especially in this room. Thus, she said, “Cherry, it is not right of you to speak to your grandma like this. It’s very impolite behavior…” 
Cherry suddenly stood up and walked straight towards Lauren. 
The camera in her live-stream was facing the side right from the start, so it had captured part of the scene. 
As a result, everyone saw Cherry pick up the princess dress and then push Lauren out the door. The little fellow was very strong. After she pushed Lauren out of the room, she stood there and said, “Go away you… you… wh*re!” 
Cherry had never ever called anyone names. 
Even when she was dissing people in her live-streams, she had never called anyone names. Therefore, when she tried to think of a word for Lauren, she had to think for a very long time before she finally remembered one of the insults that Xander frequently used. 
After calling Lauren a wh*re, Cherry slammed the door shut. 
Cherry continued her live-stream after she returned. 
But at this point, she noticed that a lot of reproachful remarks had suddenly appeared in the comments: 
“Isn’t the live-streamer’s behavior too crass? What did that gentle old lady do to you? To think you’re actually calling her names?” 
“I’ve already found her an eyesore a long time ago. She’s only five, yet she’s so skilled at dissing people in games. To think you guys claim that she has never called anyone names. Ha, didn’t she do just that just now?”
Some of her fans were also trying to correct her: 
“sweetcherry, that’s your grandma. You mustn’t call your family such awful names.” 
“Yeah. It’s very rude of you to just toss the dress that your grandma bought for you…” 
A group of Internet keyboard warriors, who didn’t even know anything about her family situation, started to leave comments in her live-stream. 
A bad-ass Cherry replied, “You are not me, so what would you know? She is a bad person! My mom told me to stay away from her!” 
The comments instantly became even fiercer. 
However, Iris was no longer in the live-stream at this point. 
She had closed the live-stream when Lauren knocked on the door. She didn’t want to watch their heartwarming moments, which would only sadden her. She stared ahead of her blankly. 
About half an hour later, Lauren sent her another text message: ‘Sorry about that, Iris, I was playing with Cherry the whole time just now. I realized that the little girl is really very well-behaved. We had a lot of fun together. She also said that she likes me very much.’ 
Little by little, Iris’ heart sank as she read the message. 
Yeah, how would Cherry possibly not be lovable? 
She had always been a good girl who was polite and sweet-talking. Every time she saw her, the things she said made her heart melt.
It seemed that no matter what, she just couldn’t harden her heart towards the little fellow. 
Everyone would probably like her, no matter who it was. 
Iris didn’t want to think about it anymore, so she straight-up blocked Lauren’s phone number. Then, she stood up and went to dinner. 
Mrs. Landis had made mushroom risotto that evening. 
The two of them had a plate each. However, the usually fresh and delicious mushroom risotto didn’t taste right to her that evening. She said, “Mrs. Landis, the mushroom risotto doesn’t taste very nice today.” 
Mrs. Landis took a bite. “It tastes pretty good, Ma’am. You only think it tastes bad because you are in a bad mood. Every time you are in a bad mood, you don’t feel like eating.” 
“… Really?” 
Iris slowly put down her spoon. She sighed silently. Then, she got up and started walking upstairs. “I’m not eating anymore. I’ll go to bed instead.” 
Mrs. Landis heaved a quiet sigh as she stared at her from the back. 
Iris had originally thought that she would be fine after she went upstairs and had a good night’s sleep. But after she lay down, she simply couldn’t get to sleep. 
The text messages that Lauren had sent to her kept appearing before her eyes, making her feel like there was something stuck in her chest, unable to get out. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
When Iris answered, Lauren’s voice came from the other side again. “Iris, why did you block me? Is it because you don’t want me to send you those messages? Well, that makes sense. I’m sure you don’t
want Cherry and I to be so close to each other, but the child wants a grandmother too!” 
Her words made Iris so mad that she was shaking all over. Right at this moment, she suddenly heard a rush of footsteps. Then, Mrs. Landis opened the door and entered her room. She said, “Ma’am, Cherry is trending!”
###Chapter 708
Chapter 708 A Real Piece of Work 
Trending? 
What was trending? 
Iris pretty much subconsciously picked up her cell phone. Right away, she saw that sweetcherry was trending on social media because she had called her grandma names out of anger in her live-stream. 
To be honest, it wasn’t really trending that high in the rankings. 
It barely entered the top fifty in the rankings and had only just made the list. Mrs. Landis had only found out because her attention was on Cherry. 
Iris hurriedly opened the article linked in the post, where she saw a video clip from the live-stream footage. In the clip, Cherry had driven her grandma out of her room and called her a wh*re. 
Iris stared at the video clip in shock. 
Although she knew that it was certainly not right of Cherry to call people names, for some inexplicable reason, she felt really good. 
While she was looking at Mrs. Landis’ cell phone, Lauren was still talking to her over the phone. “Iris, Cherry is really adorable. Are you sure you don’t want to come over and spend some time with her? She really likes her grandmother. When she kept calling me Grandma, I felt really sad for you…” 
As she listened to the woman, Iris’ lip corners suddenly curled into a smile. She turned on the cell phone’s speaker mode, and then she held the other cell phone with the video clip close to her own
phone’s microphone. The sound of a girl scolding someone in anger rang out from it at once: “Go away, you… you… wh*re!” 
Lauren’s voice came to an abrupt stop. 
She was terribly stunned. She first glanced at her cell phone in confusion, and then looked at the villa at the side in surprise. 
If she wasn’t already sure that Cherry hadn’t left the house, she’d have thought that she was with Iris! 
But if she wasn’t, then why would her voice come from Iris’ call? 
While she was still in a daze, Iris chuckled lightly and said, “By the way, I forgot to tell you that Cherry loves playing games and also likes holding live-streams. Everything that happened between the two of you in the room has all been captured in her live-stream. So, how on earth are you so confident that my granddaughter would like you? You wh*re?” Lauren: “!!” 
She gnashed her teeth in fury! 
When Cherry called her names, she had only cursed and ranted inwardly, and felt that the girl was awfully ill-mannered. However, she hadn’t really bothered getting angry with a child. 
When she came out of the room, she couldn’t help but still feel irritated, so she had called Iris to provoke her. 
But who would have known that everything that had happened just now had been captured in the live- stream?! 
This was no different from her personally putting her face in front of Iris and letting her slap it! 
This was simply so… torturous!
Lauren took a deep breath at once. She countered and replied, “Even so, I am finally living with the Hunts, whereas you have been driven out!” 
Iris scoffed. “The Hunts? I’ve already stopped caring about them all those years ago. I don’t even want Herman anymore, so what would I still want the Hunts for? Things are no longer the same as before. Back then, Herman was the one in charge of the family, but the person-in-charge is now Justin! If you want to stay there, go ahead. Justin has always been bad-tempered ever since he was a child, though, so you’ll have to be more tolerant with him. Sigh, it’s simply not as comfortable as it is at my place, where I can grow my flowers, bask in the sun, and do whatever I want… Tsk, Mrs. Landis, don’t forget to sanitize our house later, in case the wh*re who came over today had dirtied it.” 
Iris had originally planned to talk to Nora about the child calling people names, but in this instant, she herself had been subconsciously led astray by Cherry. 
Iris, who had always followed the rules and kept her nose clean her whole life, suddenly understood at this moment just how great it felt to call someone a wh*re. 
Well, it wasn’t like Cherry called people names that often either, so she would just let the matter pass. 
With that in mind, Iris spoke into her cell phone again. “Is there anything else, Mrs. Wh*re?” 
“… Iris Evans! Do you think that you’re better than me just because of this? So what even if the Hunts belong to your son? You’re on bad terms with him anyway! I will show you that I am much better than you are now! You…” 
“Oh, so there’s nothing else, right? If so, then I’m hanging up. No one likes to listen to barking dogs.” 
Iris cut Lauren off and then hung up in a good mood.
This simply felt too good! 
Mrs. Landis looked at her lady and shook her head. Ma’am was simply so childish, crying at one moment and then laughing the next… 
No, wait, she didn’t come up here to talk about that. She said anxiously, “Ma’am, don’t just smile. Cherry is still being attacked on the Internet. Aren’t you going to do anything about it?” 
“What am I supposed to do about it?” Iris glared at Mrs. Landis. The glare from the woman, who was still charming despite her age, only made her look bewitching and alluring 
The colors of the nearly fifty years old woman’s eyes were still well-defined, and her gaze was also clean and clear. God had really given her a good appearance. 
After Iris chided her coquettishly, she stood up right away. “If anything happens to Cherry, Justin won’t just stand by and do nothing. By the way, Mrs. Landis, is there still any mushroom risotto left? I’m hungry.” 
After saying that, Iris started walking downstairs. 
Mrs. Landis: “…” 
Mrs. Landis still wanted to speak. She held up her cell phone to show it to her. She said, “Mr. Hunt probably still hasn’t realized, right? Look, the post is going up the rankings again… Huh? Why is the post gone?” 
Mrs. Landis stood still in a daze. 
Iris, who was walking in the front, waved. “You just happened to see the post in time, and fortunately also showed it to me in time. If you were a step late, I wouldn’t have been able to see it at all! Don’t I know just how efficient Justin is?”
Mrs. Landis silently gave her a thumbs-up in her heart. 
As expected, no one knew a son better than his mother! 
– 
At the Hunts’. 
Lauren stamped her foot angrily after Iris hung up on her. 
“Iris and Cherry sure are real pieces of work!” 
Hearing her furious voice, Herman lowered his eyes. “I told you not to provoke them, yet you simply insisted on doing so. See, you’ve been outgunned, haven’t you?” 
Lauren took a deep breath. “I did it all for your sake, and for our family…” 
When she said this, her eyes widened. Then, she walked up to Herman and took his arm. “Speaking of which, though, why can’t Iris come back to the Hunt Manor? Back then, when your family chose her and Justin over you and made you leave, the Hunts shouldn’t have been so powerful that they could forbid her from entering the Hunt Manor, right?” 
Herman glared at her. Lauren continued to shake his arm. “Come on, tell me why…”
###Chapter 709
Chapter 709 The Great Master Orchidiance 
Herman pushed her away. “I can’t tell you.” 
“Why not?” Lauren persisted and said, “What kind of secret do you have with her that even I can’t know about? Dear, we are husband and wife, you know!” 
“There are some things that even husband and wife can’t talk about!” Herman was firm. He pushed her hand away. “Alright, let’s go over to my mother’s earlier and have dinner with her!” 
Lauren looked at him from the back, a sharp look flashing across her eyes. 
Ha. 
Did he really think that she wouldn’t know the truth if he didn’t tell her about it? 
The only reason why she had asked him was just so she could see if Herman was still hiding anything from her even after spending twenty years together. 
Unexpectedly, she still hadn’t completely entered the man’s heart. 
Lauren took a deep breath, feeling the need to vent her pent-up emotions. When the two were about to walk over to Mrs. Hunt’s villa, the security guards suddenly stopped them. They said, “Sir, the two of you must move out today… You are not allowed to enter this place either.” 
Herman and Lauren were stunned. 
Lauren frowned. “Do you know who you are talking to?” 
The security guard replied stiffly, “I do.”
“Yet you still have the audacity to say that? You’ve got a lot of gall! Who gave you the courage to say something like that?” 
As soon as Lauren spoke, she heard a low voice: “I did.” 
Lauren and Herman were both stunned. They turned around abruptly to see Justin striding over. He had a cold and sullen look on his face, and his deep-set eyes were as filled with aggressiveness as an eagle’s. 
Herman frowned. “Justin! How dare you dishonor your parents just because you’ve become the successor to the Hunts!” 
Justin strode up to the pair. With a fierce and piercing look in his eyes, he pointed at the exit and said firmly and loudly, “This is the Hunt Manor, and you are someone whom Grandpa has kicked out. I am just following Grandpa’s will. How would I possibly dare to be unfilial with my parents?” 
“You 
!” 
Since Herman was using his seniority to pressure him, then he would bring out Grandpa Hunt. This shut Herman up at once. 
Justin stared at the man in front of him and narrowed his eyes dangerously. 
He had left the two of them here to provoke Iris on purpose. 
That was why he’d instructed the bodyguards not to stop them when they went to visit Iris earlier in the day. Firstly, he wanted to hear their conversation and see if he could sound them out about the truth behind what had happened back then. 
Secondly, he wanted to push Iris into a corner and give her a sense of crisis.
But in the end, he found that even though Herman obviously knew the truth, he refused to make any mention about what had happened. Iris also refused to say a single word about it. 
It seemed that this method of his was useless. 
Moreover, it had even brought his precious daughter trouble. Although he had deleted all the negative comments on the Internet, there would be some trouble for him to deal with in the aftermath. 
In that case, why let the two of them stay any further? 
Therefore, he couldn’t even be bothered to act anymore. 
Justin said straightforwardly, “If you don’t leave by yourself with dignity, then I can only make you leave in an undignified manner.” 
As soon as he said that, a few bodyguards swarmed up from behind him. 
Herman and Lauren frowned, and both of them took a step back. Herman pointed at him and cursed, “You’re so cold-blooded! I’m your father, you know! How dare you treat me like this! … Don’t touch me, we will leave by ourselves!” 
Justin couldn’t be bothered to waste his breath on them. The bodyguard next to him also took a step forward, so Herman and Lauren couldn’t say any more, either. The two of them could only leave. 
“Herman and Lauren have moved out of the Hunt Manor?” 
When Iris received the news the moment she woke up the next day, she became even happier. She was sitting in the greenhouse with a pair of scissors in her hand and trimming her plants. 
After she was done, she smiled and put down the scissors. Then, she suddenly sighed.
A puzzled Mrs. Landis asked, “Ma’am, what’s the matter?” 
Iris replied, “Justin has grown up.” 
Mrs. Landis was taken aback. “Why do you say that?” 
Iris glanced at her, her pale and slender fingers gently touching the orchid next to her. She asked, “Why didn’t he drive Herman and Lauren away when they first arrived at the Hunts’? Why didn’t anyone stop them when they came here? Yet he drove them away after they went back and the incident with Cherry’s live-stream broke out?” 
Mrs. Landis shook her head. “Why is that?” 
“Because… he was trying to push me into a corner. He wanted to force me to make a stand.” Iris’s words confused Mrs. Landis. She scratched her head and asked, “And then?” 
“Then, I saw what happened in Cherry’s live-stream and realized the truth. He understood at once that these things wouldn’t be able to trigger any feelings in me anymore. In that case, wouldn’t having them around no longer be of any use?” 
Although Mrs. Landis didn’t really understand, she still said happily, “Mr. Hunt has taken your side!” 
“Of course.” 
Iris said proudly, “That’s my son we’re talking about, after all!” 
Then, she stared at the pot of flowers beside her that wasn’t blooming very well and heaved a quiet sigh. “Say, if I approach my daughter-in-law with this pot of flowers and ask her for advice, would she hate me?” 
Mrs. Landis: “…”
“Forget it.” Iris seemed to have given up somewhat. She said, “Some things are meant to be yours, and some things aren’t. I’m already so old; how long can I live? In that case, I’d better not make any more trouble for the children! These orchids will accompany me for the rest of my life instead!” 
Mrs. Landis glared at her. “Your remaining time in this world is pretty expensive, then. Who knows how many houses you can buy with just these plants!” 
Iris smiled and replied, “These are nothing. The best is still that pot of Jade Orchid. It should have arrived in New York by now, right? Why hasn’t it been delivered yet?” 
Almost as soon as she said that, her cell phone rang suddenly. 
Iris was a little taken aback. When she answered the phone, a voice came from the other side: “Mdm. Iris, I’m really sorry!” 
Iris was surprised. “Matthew, what’s wrong?” 
Old Matthew, like Iris, was also an expert in cultivating orchids. Not only did he like orchids, but he was also rich. That was why he could cultivate so many orchids. The Jade Orchid in question was Matthew’s. 
Iris had pestered him for very long before he finally relented and agreed to sell it to her at a high price. 
Matthew heaved a huge sigh. “Originally, I’d already found a professional to deliver that pot of flowers to you in New York, but I must sell it to a lady named Lauren Hunt now!” 
Lauren Hunt? 
Lauren again? 
Iris frowned. “That’s not how you do business, Matthew. I was the one who bought it first, you…”
“Let me finish.” Matthew said, “It’s not that I don’t want to sell it to you, but rather, something has gone wrong with my pot of Ghost Orchids. Lauren is an expert gardener, and she said that she can nurse it back to health for me. Mdm. Iris, you are also someone who loves flowers, so you should know what that pot of Ghost Orchids means to me, right? Lauren said that she will treat the orchids with alternative medicine…” 
Iris said huffily, “She’s just imitating Orchidiance!” 
Matthew nodded. “Yes, I know, but I don’t care. I just want my Ghost Orchids to be cured. Do you know this pot of orchids has been with me for three years? It bloomed during the year that my wife passed away… Not only is this pot of flowers expensive, but it is also of special significance to me. Mdm. Iris, unless you can find me Master Orchidiance, I really can’t sell that pot of flowers to you anymore… I must let you down this time!!” 
Iris: “!” 
How was she supposed to find Orchidiance at such short notice? 
Next to her, Mrs. Landis was in a panic. “Ma’am, why don’t we consult Ms. Smith about this? She can also cure orchid diseases!”
###Chapter 710
Chapter 710 Let Me Tell You A Story 
Iris paused for a moment when she heard Mrs. Landis. Then, she said to Matthew, “Give me a day. Tell me about the Ghost Orchids’ symptoms, or take a photo and send it over. I… I’ll find someone to take a look at it for you!” 
Matthew was surprised. “Do you really have a solution?” 
Iris sighed. “I recently met a young friend who is very skilled at treating orchids, I will go and ask her for advice. You can give the orchids to Lauren after if my friend can’t cure them!” 
Matthew knew about the dispute between Iris and Lauren. Hearing this, he kept quiet for only a second before he said, “Okay! Mdm. Iris, we have been taking care of orchids for so long, so I trust you and am willing to give you a chance. If it weren’t for the Ghost Orchids, I wouldn’t have broken our agreement. But if you still can’t solve the issue by tomorrow, then you can’t hold that against me anymore.” 
Iris nodded. “I understand.” 
People who truly loved orchids regarded the flowers as their life. Matthew was one of the best gardeners in the industry, and the Ghost Orchids were his very life itself, so she could understand why he did what he did. 
After hanging up the phone, Matthew told her the orchids’ symptoms. He was very detailed in the description-after all, he had become very experienced after cultivating flowers for so long. He included details about what he had done to the flowers in the past, the soil he planted the flowers in, and so on. 
Iris stared at the description for a while before she raised her head and looked at Mrs. Landis. “That pot of Ghost Orchids has indeed encountered quite a difficult issue. I’m afraid that even Orchidiance would find that pot of flowers rather difficult to save. In that case, let’s take a gamble!”
Mrs. Landis was a little taken aback. “What gamble?” 
Iris took a deep breath. “A gamble on my destiny. If Nora can save this pot of flowers, then that pot of Jade Orchids will be mine. What’s meant to be mine will definitely be mine.” 
Mrs. Landis didn’t understand what she was hinting at. She nodded and said, “Of course!” 
She didn’t know that Iris had made a decision at this instant. 
If Nora could save that pot of orchids, then she would have pretty much made a miracle. 
If so, then she would tell them the truth about what had happened back then. 
She didn’t want to give the younger generation trouble, but her blood ties with her son were right there. There was one thing that Lauren had been right about—Cherry liked her grandmother. 
She could cruelly push Justin away when she was young, but now that she had gotten on in her years, she was no longer as bold and resolute as she had been when she was young. 
She also craved the heartwarming and gentle moments of being with Cherry and the others. 
With that in mind, Iris took out her cell phone and sent a text message to Nora. First, she sent Nora the symptoms of Matthew’s orchids, and then she sent another sentence: ‘Can you take a look and see if you can save this pot of flowers for me?’ 
– 
Nora was currently at the Andersons’ and looking for something in her mother’s room.
Despite the unexpected incident at Iris’, and Herman’s return, Nora had not forgotten what she was the most anxious about right now. 
Her mother had left her information about the V16’s whereabouts, yet she wasn’t capable enough to find it. When she thought of how Xander was still sick, she was filled with impatience and irritability. 
Mrs. Anderson was standing at the door. As she watched her turn the study upside down, she asked, “Nora, what are you looking for?” 
Nora asked, “Grandma, did my mom leave anything important behind?” 
Mrs. Anderson nodded. “Yes, of course!” 
Nora suddenly looked up. “What did she leave behind? Show me!” 
As soon as she said that, Mrs. Anderson smiled gently and kindly at her, all the wrinkles on her face squeezing together. She said, “She left you! You are the best gift she left the world.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she sighed silently. “Okay, Grandma, I’ll look for it myself!” 
She was about to take out the dust-covered things under the bed and flip through them when her cell phone suddenly beeped. 
She picked it up and saw the messages Iris had sent to her: 
‘Can you take a look and see if you can save this pot of flowers for me?’ 
‘If you can, I will tell you a story.’ 
Tell her a story?
Was Iris finally going to reveal her troubles? A touch of joy flashed across Nora’s eyes and she immediately replied: “I’ll come to you right away.”
###Chapter 711
Chapter 711 Take A Gamble! 
When Nora came to the villa, Iris was sitting in the greenhouse with a tea bar in front of her. She was sipping on a cup of tea, but her eyes were fixed on the greenhouse. 
At the sound of footsteps, she turned and looked over. When she saw Nora, she gestured to the seat opposite her and asked absentmindedly, “Can you save them?” 
“I can try.” Nora had never been one to make absolute promises. 
After all, Ghost Orchids were awfully delicate. A little carelessness could easily lead to problems. 
Iris took a sip of tea and sighed silently. She looked at Nora. “Do you really want to hear that story?” 
Nora nodded. 
Iris fell silent for a while. Then, she asked, “Even if it really brings you guys a lot of trouble?” 
Nora nodded again. 
Even so, Iris was still worried. She pressed on and asked, “Have you asked Justin about it? Is this also what he wants?” 
Before Nora could speak, Justin’s voice came from the door: “Yes, it is.” 
Seeing that he was also here, Iris was stunned. 
She stared at her son. 
Justin had already grown to a height of a little over 6’2″, and was a full head taller than her. Her small and thin son from twenty years ago had already grown into a man with an indomitable spirit.
Iris clenched her fists. 
She suddenly asked, “Don’t you hate me? No matter what my reasons are, I have ultimately been absent in your life for so many years.” 
Justin’s jaw was strained, and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye was shimmering in the light. After a short silence, he answered, “I did when I was a kid, but not anymore.” 
Iris was taken aback. 
Justin turned his head to the side and looked away. Apart from being able to say some mushy things to Nora, he was actually a little uncomfortable saying such things to others. 
The man stood up straight. As though he was talking about work matters, he said to Iris, “When I was a child, everyone had a mother except me. When I got into arguments with Roger, his mother would stand in front of him unreasonably and push me, but I didn’t have anyone like that. Not only did I not have a mother, but even my father was gone. At that time, I did indeed hate you for being so cruel. 
“But now, it doesn’t matter anymore, because all of that has passed. I know you have your own difficulties and reasons for doing so.” 
Justin’s voice was actually very calm and dispassionate. There wasn’t any emotion in it at all. 
It was as if he was just narrating something that had happened in the past. 
But his words painted a very lucid picture in both Iris and Nora’s minds. 
The little Justin had been bullied. His father had been kicked out of the family. His mother was clearly still in New York, yet she did not come home. He obviously had a father and a mother, yet he became an orphan in the Hunts.
Perhaps the little boy had cried in private. Perhaps on many nights, he had run to this very villa and looked up at the person inside, hoping that Iris would open the door and give him a hug. 
But she hadn’t. 
Just like that, he had grown into an adult… 
Nora took Justin’s hand and held it quietly. 
Iris felt as if her heart was being wrung tightly. However, she was already accustomed to the pain- because every night he came over, she knew he was there. 
What he didn’t know was that she had also been looking at him from upstairs. It was just that she couldn’t go down. 
The most intimate relationship in the world was the one between a mother and her child. 
Children’s love for their mothers was purer than their mothers’ love for their children. 
Because in the world of children, their mother was the only thing that mattered. 
But in their mothers’ world, there would always be things to weigh and evaluate, as well as worries and reservations. 
Iris’s eyes reddened. She lowered her head and said, “Justin, I will give you another chance. You now have children and a wife. If I tell you those reasons, your days in the future may not be peaceful anymore. But if I don’t… there are only so many days I have left in my life. Isn’t it good the way we are now?” 
That was how Iris had always seen the situation.
Wasn’t it good for them to stay the way they currently were, where mother and son didn’t meet, and each kept to themselves peacefully? 
When Justin heard her mention that he now had a wife and children, he looked at Nora. 
Nora held his hand tightly, the look in her eyes firm and determined. 
Justin could sense her encouragement towards him. He nodded to Iris and said, “We have made our decision.” 
Iris’ jaw tensed up. 
After a while, she finally sighed and said, “Alright, in that case, then let’s take a gamble. If Nora really can save that pot of Ghost Orchids, then I will tell you two the truth!” 
Orchidiance’s way of curing orchids was actually very miraculous. Additionally, because they were giving medical treatment to orchids, the dosage was even harder to control. 
Not every alternative medicine practitioner could do that. 
Even Orchidiance would probably find it rather difficult, let alone Nora. 
It would be nothing short of a miracle if Nora could cure the Ghost Orchids. 
Iris didn’t want to lead such a dull life either. She didn’t want to pretend to be all calm and unaffected here. She could harden her heart towards Justin because he had already grown up, but she also wanted to have fun with Cherry. 
Thinking of this, she looked at Nora with light in her eyes. 
This was the mentality of a gambler.
When Justin saw her reaction, he knew that Iris had already relented somewhat. To be honest, if he gave her another push at this point, she would tell him the truth. 
But he didn’t want to use such schemes against his mother. 
Thus, he looked at Nora. 
Nora felt great pressure from both of them looking over. The corners of her lips spasmed and she looked at Iris. She said, “Iris, you can start thinking about how to word the story.” 
She took out a piece of paper and handed it to Iris. “This is the prescription.”
###Chapter 712
Chapter 712 It’s Cured? 
On the way here, Nora had already looked at the photos and the description of the symptoms that Iris had forwarded to her and silently computed the formula. 
The prescription contained very low drug dosages, so they shouldn’t pose any danger to the flowers. 
Nora had always been very confident in her knowledge of her specializations. After all, when she was in California, no one would come to her for medical consultations. In order to improve her medical skills, she had instead treated the flora and fauna at home! 
That was why she was so knowledgeable about orchids. 
Of course, this was really difficult to achieve. 
Because flowers were undoubtedly different from humans. If it weren’t because Nora had experimented with flowers and plants for so long, she probably would not have mastered such fine control of drug dosages. Iris was a little dumbfounded when she saw the piece of paper she was offering to her. 
She immediately took a photo of the prescription and sent it to Matthew. 
It was only after she sent it that she raised her head and said, “Nora, you wrote that prescription so quickly.” 
She had settled on a prescription without even speaking with Matthew. 
Nora slowly replied, “I have treated that disease in other flowers before, so I kinda understand it.” 
Iris: “…”
As the corners of her lips spasmed, she received a call from Matthew. He said, “Mdm. Iris, this prescription that you sent me…?” 
Iris glanced at Nora and said, “My daughter-in-law came up with it. You can give it a go! I can at least guarantee that nothing will go wrong with it.” 
Matthew sighed. “It’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s just that… you gave it to me a little too late!” 
Iris was taken aback. “What?” 
Matthew said, “Lauren has just borrowed that pot of Ghost Orchids from me, saying that while she cures them for me, she would also like to hold an orchid exhibition so that the people who like orchids in New York could admire them.” 
What Matthew didn’t say was that Lauren hadn’t just approached him, but also people from various wealthy and aristocratic families in New York. After all, precious and expensive flowers like orchids weren’t things that ordinary people could afford. 
Lauren had assembled a group of people with the euphemistic excuse of letting everyone visit an exhibition featuring famous flower species. This way, everyone could learn something new and widen their horizons. Therefore, people shouldn’t hide and keep all the good things to themselves… 
The meaning between the lines was that Iris was too petty. 
Matthew didn’t want to sow discord between them, so he had left that part out. 
Iris frowned. “She has cured your Ghost Orchids?” 
“Pretty much.” Matthew sighed. “Actually, when I called you, I’d already used the prescription she gave me. I didn’t expect the Ghost Orchids to really become much more alive just half an hour later.” 
Iris sighed silently. 
She hadn’t expected things to develop this way! What an unfortunate turn of events! 
She said quietly, “Congratulations.” 
“What is there to congratulate me about?” Matthew smiled wryly and said, “She will be holding an exhibition tomorrow. Even if it’s just for the sake of my flowers, I’ll have to attend. Not only do I have to contribute my flowers, but I also have to contribute my presence. That woman is just so… Mdm. Iris, orchid lovers like us are usually people at peace with the world. We just take care of the orchids for our own joy, but look at her, isn’t what she’s doing no different from forcing me to…” 
Iris didn’t like talking about people behind their backs, let alone when it was about Lauren. Thus, she said, “It’s for the best that the flowers are cured.” 
“Yeah.” 
Matthew then said, “Your daughter-in-law is very talented, though! Her prescription is only one herb off from Lauren’s! Using alternative medicine to cure orchids is Orchidiance’s specialty. Many alternative medicine practitioners also wanted to give it a try. As a result, so many orchids have died from their attempts over the past few years. Lauren is the only one who has finally mastered the technique after studying it for a long time…” 
At this point, Matthew sighed heavily. Unable to stop himself anymore, he said, “Mdm. Iris, you have to be careful. Lauren is bent on beating you in orchids this time. I heard that after she caught wind of the fact that you like orchids, she has been imitating Orchidiance’s methods in treating orchids for the last five years. Who knows how many orchids she has destroyed before she finally became as experienced as she is today…”
Matthew, who sounded like he found the orchids somewhat a pity, added, “Who knows how many precious orchid varieties she has destroyed just to vent her frustrations, sigh!” 
Matthew looked down on Lauren’s actions very much. 
They were taking care of orchids because they truly loved orchids, but Lauren was just using the orchids as a springboard to edge out Iris. 
It was just a pity that no matter how much one was into their hobby, they would still have to bow down in the face of reality. 
Iris didn’t pay any attention to those things. However, she still found it somewhat a pity. 
She had already lost the gamble before it even started. 
She looked at Nora and said quietly, “Alright, I’m hanging up!” 
Unfortunately, the next moment, Nora grabbed the phone. 
Nora stared at the phone and asked, “Which other herb did she add to the prescription?” 
Matthew seemed surprised by her voice. In the end, he named a herb. 
The corners of Nora’s lips curled into a smile. After Iris hung up the phone, she said, “Let’s go to the orchid exhibition tomorrow.”
###Chapter 713
Chapter 713 Reconciling With Yourself 
As soon as Nora said that, Mrs. Landis, who was next to her, said, “But we don’t have an invitation!” 
Nora and Iris looked at each other. The two spoke at the same time, “We will have one very soon.” 
Mrs. Landis: “?” 
A puzzled Mrs. Landis looked at Justin. “Are you going to ask Mr. Hunt to ask for two tickets?” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
As soon as Iris said that, someone knocked at the door. Then, the mailman appeared and said, “Mdm. Iris, mail for you.” 
Iris and Nora looked at each other again. 
A look of realization flashed across Nora’s eyes, and she said to Mrs. Landis, “See, isn’t that the invitation?” 
Mrs. Landis: “?” 
Mrs. Landis took the mail from the mailman. When she opened it, she found that it was indeed an invitation for the orchid exhibition. She was astounded. “Ms. Smith, Ma’am, aren’t the two of you too amazing?” 
Iris scoffed. “By holding the orchid exhibition right after she returned to New York, she’s clearly coming right at me. Since she wants to slap me in the face, how could she possibly not invite me?” 
Mrs. Landis couldn’t help but smack her own forehead. “Look at me, because I’ve been living here all this time and haven’t come into contact with people much, I’ve even forgotten about such basic household
infighting!” 
Both Nora and Iris were amused by Mrs. Landis’s use of the words “household infighting”: 
Iris patted her and asked, “Where did you learn all these words from?” 
Mrs. Landis replied with a smile, “Oh, you know how I watch all those TV dramas when I have nothing to do! I learned it from them!” 
Iris suddenly gave her a fierce look and said, “Mrs. Landis, how dare you slack off while I wasn’t paying attention! You sneaky treacherous woman! I’m going to deduct your 
pay!” 
Mrs. Landis pretended to be scared. “Ma’am, other people work only nine to six, whereas I wait on you twenty-four hours a day! Aren’t you even going to allow me to watch a bit of TV for entertainment?”. 
Iris smiled. “Your salary is for twenty-four hours of work each day! You should already be thankful that I’m letting you sleep!” 
Mrs. Landis protested, “You capitalist!” 
“In that case, I’ll pay you for sixteen hours instead?” 
“… Ma’am, if you exploit your staff any further, I might secretly add poison into your favorite food.” 
The two of them bickered and started to joke with each other. 
There was finally a smile on Iris’s face that was calm and serene all year round. 
Mrs. Landis looked at her, very glad and relieved.
The two of them were just joking around, of course. Iris had given Mrs. Landis much more than her salary all these years. Both of Mrs. Landis’ children were already married, and they both had their own properties in New York and were living lives of luxury. This was all thanks to Iris. 
After twenty years of her company, Mrs. Landis was more like family to Iris now. 
Justin stood at the side and watched them bicker and joke with each other. 
To be honest, for so many years, his mother’s appearance had long become vague and blurry in his mind-because every time he came over, all he would see was Iris’s frosty face. 
The woman’s lively appearance faintly reminded him of how she had hugged, kissed him, and teased him when he was a child. 
At that time, she had also laughed and talked happily like what she was currently doing. 
Originally, because he hadn’t had much contact with Iris for more than two decades, Justin had felt some estrangement towards his mother. However, that sense of estrangement had lessened considerably at this instant. 
It was as though the mother in his memories, who loved to talk, laugh, play, and joke around, had returned. For him, the word “mother” was no longer just an identity but had once again become vivid and animated. 
The feeling made the corners of his lips curl upward imperceptibly. He cast his eyes down and hid the complex emotions in his eyes. Mrs. Landis was a huge mischief-maker. She had also wanted Iris and Justin to reconcile for very long. Seeing that the atmosphere today was great, she said, “Mr. Hunt, you really loved the ravioli I made when you were a child. Why don’t you stay for dinner tonight?”
Justin subconsciously looked at Nora. 
When she saw him looking over, Nora nodded and said, “Alright.” 
Mrs. Landis became excited at once. She rolled up her sleeves and walked into the kitchen as she said, “Since you guys are staying for dinner tonight, I will have to show off my culinary skills! Ma’am eats too little, so she doesn’t give me a chance to show off my skills at all.” 
ILII 
After Mrs. Landis entered the kitchen, the atmosphere among the trio standing outside immediately became a little awkward. 
Iris looked at Nora and then at Justin. At last, she said, “I’ll go and give Mrs. Landis a hand. Given her age, she’ll be too slow!” 
After speaking, she also went into the kitchen. 
Nora and Justin were the only ones left outside. The two of them looked around the greenhouse. Justin pointed at the orchids and said, “I heard that people who raise orchids have high moral character. Now it seems like that’s not always the case.” 
He was referring to Lauren. 
Nora, however, laughed and said, “I don’t know about others, but I know why my god-sister likes taking care of orchids.” 
Nora deliberately emphasized the words “god-sister”. 
Justin: “!” 
He raised his eyebrows, knowing that Nora was being cheeky and asking to be taught a lesson again.
As soon as the thought formed, he looked at Nora’s lips, wishing he could take a few nips to vent his “anger”. 
As for Nora, she said, “Do you want to know why? If you do, then call me God-aunt Nora. I’ll tell you if you do.” 
Tsk. 
She was starting to take advantage of him now. 
Justin stroked his chin and suddenly leaned forward. He lowered his voice and asked, “Ms. Smith, are you sure you want to be my god-aunt?” 
Nora: “?” 
She decided not to tease him anymore, lest it backfired on herself. She coughed and said, “Iris… I mean, Aunt Iris and I already knew each other before she even knew who I was. She told me at that time that she was raising all these flowers because her son had given her a pot of orchids once.” 
Justin was stunned. 
He looked at the orchids, his jaw tensing up. 
He remembered now. When he was ten years old, he had indeed given her a pot of orchids on her birthday. The woman had accepted his gift. At the same time, she had also told him that she had only accepted the gift because she liked orchids. 
Since then, the floodgates opened and she started to buy a lot of orchids. 
Justin had always thought that it was because she liked orchids. But as it turned out, it was just an excuse for her to accept her son’s gift. 
He turned to look at Iris in the kitchen. 
Mrs. Landis had prepared some ingredients, and she was picking and choosing from among them. However, everything that she picked out just so happened to be his favorite… 
Justin lowered his head. 
In truth, his mother had never really left him all these years, and he’d always had his mother’s love with him by his side, right? 
In this instant, he suddenly reconciled with his mother—or rather, with the part of himself that had been uncomfortable because his mother hadn’t taken care of him. 
He also suddenly became open-minded and let go of some things in this instant. 
He let out a silent sigh. Right at this moment, his cell phone rang. 
When he answered, Herman’s voice came from the other side. 
“Justin, didn’t you want to know why your mother has been avoiding you? I will tell you now.”
###Chapter 714
Chapter 714 A Call From Hell 
Upon hearing his voice, Justin narrowed his eyes. He wanted to say he didn’t need it—he wanted to hear it from Iris instead—but he suddenly paused. 
Iris would never tell him about her grievances. He would only be able to hear about her grievances from others. 
For example, Iris would probably never tell him why she liked orchids because she had never been a woman who knew how to express her feelings. 
Justin thought about it and said, “Okay, speak.” 
In a villa in the outskirts of New York. 
Herman and Lauren sat on the sofa. 
Lauren was looking at Herman, who said, “You probably only know that I cheated on your mother with Lauren back then, so all this time, you must have thought that all the problems with our marriage lie with me, right?” 
Herman’s words gave voice to the mentality that most women held—that every man who cheated was a scumbag. 
Justin lowered his eyes, but he sneered, “You are wrong.” 
Herman was taken aback. 
Justin said, “You are not a good husband, and at the same time, you are not a good father either.”
Many people thought that once a man cheated, he would no longer be a good father. 
But that wasn’t necessarily true. 
Some men might cheat on their wives a lot, but they wouldn’t hold back on their love for their children. Perhaps the cheating itself might affect the children, but even so, they would still try to make up for it later. 
Besides, some married couples were indeed not suitable to stay together. Even if they had children, those who needed to divorce would still divorce each other. However, the divorce did not affect their love for their children. 
But this wasn’t true in Herman’s case. 
Not only had he cheated and hurt Iris, but he had also left Justin to fend for himself afterward. It was as if he’d never had a son like him. 
He hadn’t just let Iris down, but also Justin. 
Herman was stunned for a while. Then, he tried to explain himself. “Justin, it’s not that I didn’t care about you, or that I did not love you…” 
“At your age, you shouldn’t keep going on and on about things like love and romance.” 
Justin dissed him mercilessly again. 
Herman: “…” 
Justin said concisely, “Just tell me the reason.” 
Herman spent a while organizing his thoughts. Finally, he sighed and said, “Justin, I know I’ve neglected you, but you have to understand. I did all that because your mother cheated on me first! I am a man, how
could I let someone cuckold me? That’s why I went to Lauren! Don’t be fooled by how Iris looks as if she’s at peace with the world! She is not as indifferent to fame and fortune as she makes herself out to be!” 
Iris had cheated on Herman? 
Stunned, Justin suddenly looked at the woman in the kitchen. 
Herman took a deep breath. “She had found another man outside. I couldn’t condone her behavior, so I filed for a divorce. When your grandpa wanted to keep you in the family, I couldn’t just let her sit back and enjoy the rewards of her success, and even hog my family’s business on top of that. Besides, all she could think of was that man, so I made a request—that she would leave you alone. You were still young at that time, and I was afraid that she would usurp your power and become the real master of the Hunts. Justin, I schemed and did all this for your own good!” 
Justin frowned. 
Herman’s argument might sound seamless and completely logical at first hearing but in truth? 
If what he said was true, why did Iris spend all these years in agony in the suburban villa instead of going to her adulterous lover and keeping him company? He sneered, “Do you think I will believe that?” 
Herman also panicked. “I have evidence!” 
Justin asked, “What evidence?” 
He was already biased towards Iris at the moment and was highly disapproving of Herman’s statement. If that was really the reason, then Iris’s decision to ignore him would really be too absurd.
While he was feeling uncomfortable about the whole thing, Herman said, “Those orchids! Those orchids are the evidence! She didn’t like orchids at all in the past. You should remember that there were barely any orchids at home when you were young, but look at how she started to take care of so many orchids after she moved to the suburbs! It’s exactly because her lover loves orchids! Ha, because I trapped her in New York, she couldn’t meet her lover anymore, so she could only pour all her yearning and pining into the orchids instead!” 
Justin: !! 
What smooth logic! 
If Nora hadn’t told him just now why Iris was keeping so many orchids, he’d probably really have become suspicious. 
But now… 
Justin scoffed. “Is that so?” 
Herman said, “Yes, everything I said is true. Justin, Dad has actually been very worried about you and has done a lot for you, so don’t be so distant towards me. I know I have never shown you any fatherly love, but I can give that to you in the future…” 
“I don’t need it.” 
Justin straight-up rejected him. “Is there anything else?” 
Herman said, “I want to visit your grandmother tomorrow, she’s my mother after all. Tell the people at home to let me in!” 
Justin scoffed. “Nice try. You can forget about ever entering the Hunt Manor for the rest of your life.”
He wanted to hang up after saying that, but Herman shouted, “Justin, Justin! You can’t do that to me! I did all that for you! You refuse to let me in, yet you allow Iris to enter! Tell me, did Iris bewitch you? Has she been badmouthing me all these years? No matter what, I am still your father… toot… toot… toot…” 
Justin hung up on him. 
Herman had called him just to sow discord between him and his mother, so as to make his way into the Hunts little by little. 
In the villa. 
Herman stared at his mobile phone with a frown after Justin hung up on him. He couldn’t help but curse, “That brat! Why is he so stubborn?!” 
Lauren looked at him: “Is the reason you said just now true?” 
Herman scoffed and said, “Half of it is, I suppose.” 
Lauren rolled her eyes at once. “Aren’t you afraid that Iris will tell him the truth? It will become even more difficult for you to repair your relationship with him then!” 
Herman said confidently, “She won’t.” 
Lauren was taken aback. 
A self-mocking Herman said, “Because if she does, it would bring great trouble to her son. That’s why she will never say it.” 
It was only after Iris and Mrs. Landis made a total of six dishes that the three of them finally sat down.
Iris wanted Mrs. Landis to eat with them, but the latter took her food and went into the kitchen instead of eating at the same table with them. 
After the three of them sat down, Justin stared at Iris. Suddenly, her cell phone rang. 
She was taken aback for a moment, seemingly never expecting anyone to call her. 
But when she looked down at the phone, it turned out to be an unfamiliar number… 
Iris’s hand started shaking and she rejected the call immediately. 
However, the other party persisted and kept calling 
Iris became obviously nervous. She stared hard at the phone, as though the caller hailed from the depths of hell itself.
###Chapter 715
Chapter 715 Nora Is Orchidiance! 
Iris was very nervous. Despite her trying to make herself appear calm and collected, her tightly-clenched fingers, as well as her dilated pupils, had exposed her emotions. Justin’s gaze landed on the unfamiliar number and he said, “Your phone is ringing.” 
“Huh? Oh, it’s probably just a sales call.” 
Iris said as she rejected the call again. Then, as if she was afraid that they would call again, she switched off her cell phone. She even tried to gloss over the topic and said with a smile, “They are so annoying. There are simply so many such sales calls these days. It wasn’t easy for us to have a meal together.” 
Seeing her like this, Justin merely nodded. 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look, neither of them exposing her lie. 
Afterwards, even though Iris tried her best to pretend she was very excited and happy about the meal, the two of them could still tell that she was a little distracted. 
After all, Nora and Justin were more insightful than most ordinary people and had astounding observation skills. 
After the meal, the two bade goodbye to Iris. 
Before leaving, Nora looked at Iris again and asked tentatively, “See you at the orchid exhibition tomorrow?” 
Iris seemed a little hesitant. It must have been because of those phone calls.
However, she only stayed quiet for a second before she raised her head. “Yeah.” 
Her voice was firm. 
This showed that she would not be changing her mind again. 
She was really taking a gamble. If Nora managed to cure the pot of Ghost Orchids, then she would tell them the truth. If she failed, then she would take the truth with her to the grave, and never cause the children any trouble. 
Seeing her like this, Nora and Justin looked at each other again and left. 
Nora and Justin were in the same car. Justin was driving. After they turned the corner ahead, he stopped the car. 
By then, Nora had already set her cell phone number as an unknown caller. Then, she keyed in the string of numbers that had been displayed on Iris’s cell phone just now. 
She had a photographic memory, so she had memorized the phone number with just a single glance. 
Nora then handed her cell phone to Justin. 
Justin dialed the number without hesitation. 
The other party quickly picked up. A man’s voice came through the phone: “Hello?” 
A prompt and decisive Justin asked, “Who are 
you?” 
The other party was silent for a while. Then, he let out a low chuckle and hung up without saying anything else.
Justin: !! 
Inexplicably, what Herman had said about Iris cheating on him flashed past his mind. 
He frowned. 
Nora also frowned. “He kept the call time within fifteen seconds, I can’t trace his location.” 
Justin took a deep breath. “Don’t bother anymore.” 
Nora looked at him. 
Justin said, “I won’t ask anymore. I’ll wait for her to tell me everything herself.” 
He didn’t want to investigate anymore. 
He had suddenly realized somethingbecause there were always people trying to sabotage his investigations, it would inevitably lead to unnecessary misunderstandings. 
Nora knew what he was thinking. She gave him a thumbs-up right away and said, “Yup, that’s the way. You’re family, so you shouldn’t harbor suspicions about each other. Besides, from what I saw just now, Iris… I mean, your mother didn’t change her mind just because of that call.” 
Justin nodded. 
Iris wasn’t a weakling or a pushover. 
She had taught Justin to be strong and aggressive since he was a child. This was also why Justin hadn’t believed Herman’s nonsense. 
How could Iris possibly be someone who easily accepted fate?
If she really had a lover, then she would definitely have tried to think of ways to spend the rest of her life with him instead of wasting her youth away here. 
The next day. 
Nora drove to the suburban villa early in the morning. 
Iris had dressed up for the occasion and was wearing an elegant and beautiful white fitted dress. She got into the car after she left the house. 
The woman didn’t look at all like she was nearly fifty years old. After dressing up, she was dazzling and graceful. Her figure was curvy, and coupled with her fair skin, it was only when one looked closely that one would see any wrinkles on her face. With the way she looked as she stood there, some people might believe it if one said that she was only twenty years old. Nora raised her eyebrows and formed a heart with her hands at Iris. 
WS 
Iris got into the car, and the two headed straight to the orchid exhibition. 
Lauren’s orchid exhibition was held at a hotel in central New York. The orchids she borrowed from various families had all been placed on shelves. 
At a glance, there were all kinds of orchids that one could ever think of. 
In the most eye-catching position was Matthew’s Ghost Orchid. 
The Ghost Orchids were very rare, so they had occupied the central position of the orchid exhibition.
After Nora and Iris got out of the car and entered the hall with the invitation, they immediately noticed the pot of Ghost Orchids. 
When Iris saw the orchids, she exclaimed, “Lauren has really cured that pot of Ghost Orchids. They look so full of vigor.” 
Only then did Nora reveal something: “There is a problem with her prescription.” 
Iris, who was a little taken aback, looked at Nora. 
Nora whispered, “Her prescription has one more ingredient than mine. That herb is too powerful. It can quickly allow orchids to look energetic and filled with vigor, but over time, even bigger problems will appear. It’s just like how humans suddenly become very energetic before they pass away. Going by how much time has passed since the medicine was given to the Ghost Orchids yesterday, the Ghost Orchids will wither after another half an hour. In the first place, there are a lot of restrictions when it comes to using drugs on plants. Those who are not proficient in it really shouldn’t do it.” 
Iris was dumbfounded. She couldn’t help but say, “Orchidiance has also said that before, and told everyone not to imitate them. Aren’t you also imitating Orchidiance, though?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. Suddenly, her lips curled into a smile and she replied, “Who says I’m imitating Orchidiance?” 
Iris: “” 
Then, as though she had realized something, she looked at Nora in astonishment. 
Could it be… that Nora was none other than Orchidiance?! 
Just as she was about to speak, Lauren entered the hall and said with a smile, “Iris, you’re here! Did you bring any orchids with you today?”
Iris immediately reined in the complicated look she was giving Nora. She looked at Lauren and replied, “No.” 
“You didn’t?” 
Lauren was shocked. “It is written on my invitation that everyone who comes to the orchid exhibition should bring a pot of flowers, so that everyone can appreciate and admire each other’s flowers.” 
After she spoke, Lauren sighed silently and said, “Iris, surely it’s not because you can’t bear to show us your flowers, right? I have heard that you have gathered a lot of rare orchids in your private collection over the years! I am holding this orchid exhibition precisely because I hope that orchid lovers can gather and share their joy with each other. In fact, an orchid exhibition like this should have been held long ago. What’s the point of hiding and keeping all the good things to ourselves? Everyone here is an orchid lover, it’s not like they’ll spoil the flowers, right? Iris, you are being overly cautious.” 
Although she said that she was being too cautious, she was instead implying that Iris was too stingy and petty, just so she could highlight how generous and capable she, Lauren, was instead. 
A group of people from wealthy families gradually gathered around them. Everyone looked at Iris. 
Iris, however, scoffed. 
Was she trying to compete with her in terms of eloquence? 
She wasn’t someone who would take sh*t from others!
###Chapter 716
Chapter 716 Face-Slapping (1) 
Lauren had organized the orchid exhibition to suppress Iris’ arrogance. 
Back then, even though she had succeeded in changing her status from a homewrecker to the man’s lawful wife, to be honest, she knew that there weren’t many in the circle of wealthy ladies who approved of her. Everyone approved of Iris instead. 
In that case, Lauren would outdo Iris in the latter’s forte! This way, she could also show off in front of everyone else! 
She said, “Iris, why are you keeping quiet? Are you upset? Well, that’s true. There’s no one in New York who doesn’t know that you love orchids the most. By right, you should have been the one organizing the orchid exhibition instead, but because you didn’t take any action, I found someone to do it instead… What a shame. I heard that you also have a pot of Ghost Orchids, so I even wanted to let everyone admire them!” 
As soon as she said that, Iris looked at the people around her. She smiled and said, “The things you say are so ridiculous. Must I hold an orchid exhibition just because I like orchids? In that case, since Mrs. Lange likes diamonds, must she also hold a diamond exhibition? Since Mr. Sullivan likes antique paintings, should he open a museum then? These are just personal hobbies. On the other hand, why haven’t I heard anything about you liking orchids before?” 
Her few simple words had immediately suppressed Lauren. 
How would the wealthy and the noble possibly take out whatever they liked and show them off to everyone? If they did that, then they wouldn’t be showing off their wealth instead!
Lauren had made a mistake at a fundamental level, making her seem petty and cheap, and also making all the ladies look down on her. They had only attended the exhibition because of Matthew’s Ghost Orchids. 
After all, Matthew’s Ghost Orchids really were a rare sight. 
Iris’s words had suppressed Lauren’s momentum, causing everyone around them to laugh. They echoed Iris and said, “She’s right, we are not frivolous people.” 
Showing off one’s wealth for no reason would only arouse aversion and disgust from other people. 
Moreover, even though Lauren wasn’t an orchid lover, she had held an orchid exhibition. Iris had pointed out her ive. 
Lauren clenched her fists in anger. She’d finally invited so many ladies to the exhibition today after much difficulty. Originally, she’d wanted to improve her position among the ladies, but little did she expect Iris to be so sharp-tongued! 
Lauren lowered her head and smiled. “I certainly don’t have any love for orchids, but don’t forget that I am an alternative medicine practitioner. It’s only because Matthew asked me to cure his flowers that I decided to hold the orchid exhibition. I found his Ghost Orchids such a rare sight and wanted everyone to see it! This way, everyone can also share their experience on growing orchids with one another along the way.” 
Her few simple words immediately made the rich ladies around them not dare to laugh at her anymore. 
Everyone at the exhibition was a true flower lover. Was there anyone among them whose flowers would never have any problems? Should something go wrong, it would be great to have someone like Lauren help.
She could even cure Matthew’s Ghost Orchids. Lauren was simply too skilled at curing orchids. 
Someone immediately said, “Mrs. Hunt, you are so capable. You have even cured such a delicate flower that’s so difficult to treat! It’s amazing! By the way, my flowers have also met with a small problem. I wonder if I can ask you for some advice?” 
Lauren smiled gently and replied, “Sure. In the first place, this orchid exhibition isn’t meant for showing off; rather, it’s to facilitate communication!” 
With a few simple sentences, she had saved the scene again. 
Some of the others walked over to Iris and said, “Mdm. Iris, come to think of it, that woman is actually quite capable. Her methods of curing the flowers’ illnesses are very similar to Orchidiance’s. Everyone’s privately speculating that Lauren may be Orchidiance! Sometimes, for the sake of the orchids, we should bow down to others!” 
“Yeah, she actually cured Matthew’s Ghost Orchids. She’s really very impressive.” 
Matthew’s Ghost Orchids had been withering day by day for about half a month. He had been tp many orchid masters to cure it, but it had barely seen any effect. 
News of it had already spread in New York. 
Through his Ghost Orchids, Lauren had made a name for herself. 
At the mention of Orchidiance, Iris subconsciously glanced at Nora. Then, she scoffed and said, “She’s no Orchidiance. Compared with Orchidiance, she is far inferior!” 
The contempt in her words made the ladies look at one another. In the end, none of them dared to say anything. They could only smile awkwardly.
Lauren also heard her. At once, she narrowed her eyes and said, “Mdm. Iris, now that’s rather meaningless. Matthew had certainly wanted to approach Orchidiance, but the problem is that Orchidiance is so mysterious. No one knows who she is, let alone where to find her. I heard that she’s not even in the country, so it’s impossible for anyone to find her. I admit that my treatment methods are indeed imitating Orchidiance’s, but am I wrong to diagnose and cure Matthew’s Ghost Orchids for him?”
###Chapter 717
Chapter 717 Face-Slapping (2) 
The place was silent. 
No one there dared to offend Iris-after all, she was Justin’s mother. Although they weren’t on good terms with each other, it was said that Justin would still specially visit the suburban villa every month. 
Besides, no matter how bad their relationship was, Justin would never sit by and watch other people bully his mother. 
Therefore, no one defended Lauren. However, Lauren could cure orchids’ illnesses. Everyone there was an orchid lover, so none of them dared to offend Lauren either. 
For a while, no one said anything. 
Iris’ lip corners, however, curled into a smile. Although she hadn’t asked Nora just now if she was really Orchidiance, it had given her confidence. 
She looked at Lauren and said, “What’s the big deal about being able to cure orchids? My daughter-in- law can also do it!” 
She looked at Nora with a proud look on her face. 
When Lauren heard this, she looked at Nora. 
A moment later… 
“Pft.” 
She let out a soft laugh.
After she laughed, Lauren said, “Sorry, I really couldn’t help it. Mdm. Iris, what you said is really funny. I know Ms. Smith is the great Dr. Zabe’s disciple, and I also know that she is Anti the famous surgeon, but neither of those titles is related to orchids. Mdm. Iris, surely you don’t think that every alternative medicine practitioner can cure orchids, right? Flowers are different from humans!” 
Iris also smiled when she heard her. “Of course I know that. It’s just that my daughter-in-law happens to have studied orchids a little before. In fact, she is…” 
Before she could say “Orchidiance”, Lauren interrupted her. “Is that so? Then why don’t you come over and have a look at Matthew’s Ghost Orchids, Ms. Smith? You should know that pot of Ghost Orchid’s prior condition, right? Can you cure it?” 
Nora glanced at it and said calmly, “Yes.” 
As soon as Lauren wanted to reply, Iris took out a piece of paper. “This is the prescription that my daughter-in-law wrote for that pot of Ghost Orchids. You can take a look at it!” 
“Does Ms. Smith really know how to cure orchids?” 
“If you think about it, there’s a chance that she does. Ms. Smith is the best alternative medicine practitioner after all!” 
Once Lauren lost the advantage of being able to cure orchids’ illnesses, the people around them immediately dared to speak up for Iris. 
When Lauren heard them, she immediately took the prescription from Iris. After she glanced at it, she said, “Iris, Matthew must have told you about this prescription, right? This is exactly the same as mine! It’s just a pity that even if you’ve made a copy, you left out one ingredient!” 
“She didn’t leave it out.” Nora said unhurriedly, “It’s because the prescription doesn’t need that ingredient. Orchids are delicate flowers. The ingredient you added will hurt it.” 
“It’ll hurt it? No way.” Lauren said confidently, “That ingredient is supposed to revive a plant’s shine and glow, so how could it possibly be harmful? What’s more, that pot of Ghost Orchids is being displayed so vividly and vibrantly in front of everyone right now. Everyone can see for themselves the flowers’ current condition. In just a day, it has regained its vitality. Ms. Smith, you are being too dogmatic!” 
Nora looked at the pot of flowers. “Affliction of diseases makes one collapse like a mountain, and the treatment of diseased areas is akin to trying to extract strands of silk from one another. The usage of such strong medication will only keep the orchid alive for a while but make it wilt even faster. As an alternative medicine practitioner, surely you don’t need me to teach you something like that, right?” 
Lauren: “?” 
Her understatement-like way of talking made Lauren angry. She said, “Ms. Smith, I know that you are Justin’s wife. There’s nothing wrong with protecting and defending your mother-in-law, but even so, you can’t just speak so carelessly like that. This ingredient is certainly a little strong, but I’ve already tested it on other orchids before. There won’t be any problems in the future! Facts speak louder than words. I know that you are an alternative medicine practitioner, but alternative medicine requires many years of practice to accumulate experience. From what I see, you don’t give medical consultations very often, so you’re probably not very experienced when it comes to the practical aspect, right? Besides, humans are different from flowers. I have treated a lot of flowers and gone through a lot before I gained experience. What about you?” 
When Nora heard this, she said calmly, “Then let’s make a bet.” 
“What do you want to bet on?” Lauren asked.
Nora looked at the pot of Ghost Orchids and answered, “That problems will definitely occur with this pot of flowers within an hour.” 
Lauren scoffed. “Ms. Smith, stop joking. How can that be? I’ve already cured that pot of flowers! How can anything go wrong with it when it’s so filled with vitality? But since you’ve said so, then okay, I accept the bet, Ms. Smith. If nothing goes wrong with the flowers, then I hope Mr. Hunt can allow Herman and I to return to the Hunt Manor and stay there.” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “Okay. If something goes wrong with the flowers, then I want you to apologize for wrecking someone else’s marriage back then!”
###Chapter 718
Chapter 718 Face-Slapping (3) 
Lauren’s pupils shrank. 
The biggest humiliation of her life was when she involved herself with Herman’s marriage and became the third party persecuted by everyone. Whenever people talked about her these days, they always called her the homewrecker who had successfully become the lawful wife. 
Yet Nora had brought it up in public in front of everyone. It was simply infuriating. 
There was anger all over Lauren’s face. She demanded, “What’s the meaning of this, Ms. Smith?” 
“You don’t dare to make the bet with me?” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Pushed into a corner, the angry and anxious Lauren could only say, “Fine.” 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
In order to return to the Hunt Manor, as well as to return to the pinnacle of status in New York, she was really holding nothing back. When she thought about it carefully, though, nothing could go wrong with that pot of flowers anyway. Nora was at a complete disadvantage when she made the bet with her. 
To be honest, the moment Nora said that the ingredient was too strong, Lauren had already felt a little guilty. She’d actually had some takeaways from her time studying medicine abroad over the years. 
However, she strongly believed that even if something were to really go wrong, it would only happen at a later stage.
It was impossible for that to happen within an hour. 
She was sure to win the bet. 
When she thought about it this way, Lauren didn’t feel so unhappy anymore-because the bet was clearly to Nora’s disadvantage. 
After the two parties made the bet, Lauren summoned some people and instructed, “Keep a close watch on this pot of Ghost Orchids. If anything goes wrong, you must notify me immediately!” 
No matter how rare the Ghost Orchids were, they were nothing more than a pot of flowers for Lauren. What she cared about was not the flowers but winning the bet. 
She spoke very loudly, everyone heard her. Lauren explained with a smile, “We’ve already made the bet, after all. I’m just afraid someone would deliberately spoil the flowers within the hour because they are sore losers. It would be terrible if people refuse to pay up when that happens.” 
Iris, however, ignored her. Instead, she pulled Nora to the side, lowered her voice, and asked, “Tell me the truth, are you Orchidiance?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile and she nodded. 
Iris: “…” 
She stared at Nora with a dazed look on her face. “Orchidiance is the only person capable of curing Matthew’s flowers, why didn’t I think of that? No, it’s because you are too young. I didn’t expect Orchidiance to be so young, I always thought that she would be as old as me, or perhaps even older.” 
Nora looked at her.
After speaking, Iris’s immediate thought was not that she now had someone to treat the flowers in her greenhouse, if anything ever happened to them. 
On the contrary, she heaved a huge sigh. 
She said, “I originally thought that there are only so few people in this world who can cure Matthew’s Ghost Orchids because those flowers are really very difficult to treat. When you said that you can cure them, I thought that you were just taking a gamble. But I didn’t expect that what was just a one in ten thousand probability for me, would instead be a 100% sure-win probability for you.” Nora replied, “Therefore, you have to tell your story now.” 
Iris was taken aback for a moment. In the end, she waved and said, “Ah well, never mind, this is all meant to be!” 
She had also thought things through herself. By taking a gambler’s mentality with this, she was also just trying to give herself a ray of hope in the future. 
She didn’t want to age and die in that suburban villa and be separated from Justin for the rest of her life, either. 
All of this had been predestined a long time ago, that was all. 
She said, “I hope the two of you won’t hate me after you hear my story.” 
Back then, she had shielded Justin from everything. Now that her son had grown up, it was ultimately time that he paid his debt. 
Iris sighed.
Nora patted her shoulder. “We’re not afraid.” 
When one was young, their mother was an almighty figure that shielded them from everything Now that they had grown up, they were willing to be that almighty figure for their mother. 
The two chatted for nearly an hour. When the hour passed after they made the bet, Lauren glanced at the orchid. When she saw that it was still blooming beautifully, she heaved a sigh of relief at once. 
She then went up to Iris and Nora. “Ms. Smith, you’ve lost.” 
Nora looked at her. “There are still two minutes to an hour.” 
Lauren smiled and said, “There are only two minutes left, but that pot of flowers is now blooming even more beautifully than before. There is no risk of it wilting at all, so you two are losing for sure.” 
“That’s not necessarily true.” 
Nora stood up and looked down at the time on her cell phone. 
Lauren curled her lips disdainfully and said, “Ms. Smith, to be honest, we are all family. How can there by any grudges among family? Why do we have to draw such a clear line between us? Why don’t we just forget about the bet? Lest it reflects poorly on us. I’m not someone who would hold grudges against my young ones either. The old madam is getting on in years, though. Herman has always wanted to be filial to his mother and be by her side, so let’s not have the Hunts stop him anymore…” 
As soon as she said that, a security guard rushed over in a panic and said, “Mrs. Hunt, this is terrible!” 
Lauren was taken aback. She turned around and saw that the security guard was actually the one whom she had instructed to keep a close watch over the Ghost Orchids just now!
###Chapter 719
Chapter 719 Face-Slapping (4) 
Lauren frowned. “What are you doing? This is outrageous, why are you in such a panic?!” 
The next moment, the security guard said, “The Ghost Orchids are dead!” 
Lauren was stunned. She frowned and said, “That’s impossible!” 
The security guard pointed to where the Ghost Orchids were and swallowed hard. “I-it’s 
true!” 
Lauren strode towards the Ghost Orchids. 
Iris and Nora looked at each other. They smiled at each other and followed after her. 
As soon as she walked over, she saw that the pot of Ghost Orchids, which had originally been beautiful and charming, had wilted. As though it lacked water, the flowers were slowly drooping 
Additionally, it was also visibly withering. 
Lauren stared at the Ghost Orchids in shock. At this time, Nora looked down and glanced at the time. She said, “59 minutes and 20 seconds. Mdm. Lauren, you’ve lost.” 
Calling her Mdm. Lauren and not Mrs. Hunt, this was no different from slapping Lauren in the face. 
Lauren couldn’t be bothered to care about something like her name at the moment, though. She stared at the Ghost Orchids and muttered to herself, “That’s impossible… Absolutely impossible… I have tried that prescription on so many orchids before, and nothing like this has ever happened!”
Those orchids had all survived. Even the one in the poorest condition had survived for half a month. 
More and more people were gathering around them. 
Seeing that everyone had come over, Lauren felt even more embarrassed. Suddenly, she turned to Iris. “What did you do to the orchids?” 
Iris: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows, a smile forming on her lips. “That’s really interesting. From the moment we made the bet, we have been sitting in the corner. There are so many people here who can testify to that! Besides, isn’t the security guard keeping watch over the flowers someone you had found? Are you saying that your security guard didn’t keep a good watch on the flowers?” 
The security guard panicked when he heard her. He hurriedly defended himself and said, “Yes, I did. I was staring at this pot of flowers the whole time. How would I dare to leave its side when it’s worth more than a million dollars? I didn’t even dare to blink the whole time, for fear that something would go wrong. I can guarantee that everyone had stayed far, far away from the flowers and did not come close at all during this period of time.” 
Everyone at the flower exhibition was from wealthy families, and all of them were very smart and shrewd. Lauren had already made it clear that she was using the pot of flowers to fight with Iris. No one would be blind enough to go forward and mess with the flowers. 
Lauren panicked. “Why would something go wrong with the flowers when no one went near it? It must be because you didn’t watch over it properly!” 
The security guard panicked even further. He pointed to the surveillance camera at the side and said, “There is surveillance camera footage as proof!” 
At last, Lauren couldn’t find anything else to blame it on, so she could only look at the orchid again.
At this point, Nora said, “I told you, that ingredient you added can indeed speed up the Ghost Orchids’ recovery, but it’s just like how a person would suddenly be in very good spirits before their death. You have made the Ghost Orchids spend all of its future vitality in just one day, so it withered faster than before!” 
Lauren shouted, “But my prescription has been verified to be useful! All the other orchids were fine!” 
Nora said coldly, “It’s not that they are fine, it’s just that nothing has happened to them yet! Ghost Orchids are more delicate than other orchid breeds, and there are only a few pitiful varieties of them. Different orchids are like different people, so the dosages they are given would definitely have to be different. All the orchids you used the prescription on should have withered within half a month to a month’s time.” 
Before returning to America, Lauren had already known that Matthew was looking everywhere for someone to treat his pot of Ghost Orchids. Thus, when she was still abroad, she had already figured out the prescription and tested it on numerous pots of orchids. 
She had only returned after she verified the prescription. 
But little did she think that her plans would actually fail because of the Ghost Orchids? 
While she was thinking, her cell phone rang. When she answered, her domestic helper from abroad said, “Ma’am, two of the orchids that you cured have withered in the greenhouse!” 
Those words were just like a slap in her face, making Lauren finally realize that there was indeed a problem with her prescription. 
At this point, Matthew had also heard the commotion. With the help of someone, he walked over unsteadily.
Matthew was already here a long time ago. He wanted to watch over his Ghost Orchids, but because he was already so old, after he came and put the pot of Ghost Orchids down, he had gone to the VIP lounge upstairs immediately. 
When he saw the Ghost Orchids’ condition, he panicked at once. He looked straight at Lauren and demanded, “What’s going on? You’d best give me an explanation for this!” 
Lauren swallowed and clenched her fists. She could only grit her teeth and deny it. She said, “Matthew, your flowers were incurable from the start. My prescription had at least allowed it to recover for a day. Besides, when you passed me the flowers, I was already just making a Hail Mary effort. I also feel very guilty that they didn’t recover, but there is really no other way around it.” 
She sighed quietly and added, “I’m sure you have also already exhausted all the solutions you could think of during the last few months, that’s why you could only give Orchidiance’s method a try in the end. I have also really tried my best, Matthew. You won’t blame me for it, right?” 
Lauren was slinging accusations when she was the villain herself. However, her words indeed shut Matthew up. 
He had indeed tried all sorts of ways to cure the Ghost Orchids, but they had all failed. In the end, he could only try treating them with Orchidiance’s method. 
But how many people really knew how to do that? 
When he chose to give Lauren’s method a try, he had been taking a gamble. 
In all honesty, though, if Lauren hadn’t looked so confident at the time, how could he have allowed her to try treating his orchids so easily?
Come to think of it, although Lauren had been very confident that she could cure the flowers, the things she said had been very watertight. It was true that she had never promised that she could cure the orchids. 
When he thought of this, Matthew was so angry that his chest felt all tight as though he couldn’t breathe. He looked at the pot of Ghost Orchids in distress and said, “Why can’t it be cured? Why can’t it be cured?!” 
Lauren tried to counsel him. “Matthew, I’m afraid that there’s really no cure for that pot of flowers anymore. Even if Orchidiance were here, she probably wouldn’t be able to do anything, either.” 
Would Orchidiance also be unable to do anything about it if she were here? 
Lauren sighed. “I have already thoroughly mastered Orchidiance’s method, so I am sure that I was indeed using Orchidiance’s method to treat the flowers. I’m really sorry for your loss!” 
Matthew hung his head in frustration. 
At this time, Nora suddenly said, “It’s not completely impossible to treat it.” 
Her one-liner made everyone present raise their heads and look at her. 
Matthew also looked up hopefully. Nora stepped forward and stared at the pot of Ghost Orchids. “I do have a solution here.” 
Matthew asked excitedly, “What kind of solution is it?” 
Nora was about to speak when Lauren said, “Ms. Smith, I’d advise you to be careful when you speak. I told you just now, people good at alternative medicine may not necessarily be able to cure flowers. After
all, there is still a very huge difference between flowers and humans. Not everyone can imitate the essence of Orchidiance’s skill!” 
The moment she said that, Nora’s lips curled into a smile and she slowly said, “You are right, it is certainly true that not everyone can imitate the essence of my skill.”
###Chapter 720
Chapter 720 I’m Here To Listen To The Story 
The place suddenly fell silent. 
Someone beside them, who didn’t understand what Nora meant, kindly explained, “Ms. Smith, Mrs. Hunt is saying that no one can imitate the essence of Orchidiance’s skill, not yours…” 
She paused abruptly at this point. Only then did she finally realize something and she exclaimed, “Y-you are Orchidiance?” 
Nora glanced at her and said nothing. 
Iris lifted her chin and looked at her proudly. “That’s right, my daughter-in-law is Orchidiance.” 
In an instant, it raised a huge furor in the entire exhibition. Everyone looked at Nora in astoundment. “Not only is she Dr. Zabe’s disciple, but also Anti the surgeon. I’m actually not surprised at all to hear that she’s also Orchidiance… Ms. Smith’s medical skills are truly amazing!” 
“Oh my god, as it turns out, Orchidiance has always been right by our side. Isn’t she supposed to be staying abroad?” 
“I heard that Ms. Smith only came back from overseas a few months ago…” 
“Yes, now that you mention it, all the facts line up.” 
!! 
“
Amid everyone’s speculations, Lauren bit her lip tightly. She still couldn’t believe it, but she also knew that there was no need for someone like Nora to impersonate someone else. 
After all, even if she was not Orchidiance, she was already popular enough in New York. 
Nevertheless, she felt that she couldn’t admit defeat just like that, so she said, “Ms. Smith, since you are Orchidiance, then you should have known that the prescription given to the orchid was wrong from the moment you entered the exhibition. Why didn’t you bring it up and save the orchid then? Instead, you had to wait until it started withering to show off your medical skills? How much do you think the Ghost Orchids have suffered as a result?” 
Nora: “?” 
Iris sneered and stepped right in front of Nora. She said sharply, “Lauren, you’re being unreasonable. Didn’t my daughter-in-law already say so just now? What can we do when you refuse to admit that your prescription is wrong? Besides, my daughter-in-law has said that the flowers can still be saved!” 
Lauren bit her lip. “But I didn’t know that Ms. Smith is Orchidiance. If I had known, I definitely would have agreed to it. I get it now, the two of you just wanted to use that to make a bet with me… so that I would admit my mistake. But why bother doing something like that? Wouldn’t you ruin Matthew’s Ghost Orchids by doing that? Iris, if you hate me, then you can just come at me. You are also an orchid lover, how can you treat a pot of Ghost Orchids like this?” 
Her fallacious and heretic arguments surprisingly sounded like they made sense at first. 
If Nora had revealed her identity the moment she entered the hall, would they have stopped her from treating the orchids? Did she have to wait until the orchids became like this to highlight her abilities? 
They were clearly using that pot of orchids to slap Lauren in the face, and also to make the bet with her! 
Everyone looked at Iris and Nora.
Even Matthew, who clearly knew that he couldn’t blame the two of them-after all, he still had to rely on Orchidiance for help if he wanted to save the Ghost Orchids-couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable about the situation. 
He didn’t like Lauren, because not only did she use the Ghost Orchids to threaten him into selling the Jade Orchids to her, but she even forced him to put his pot of Ghost Orchids on display in the exhibition. 
He’d initially thought that Iris was different from her, but he didn’t expect her to actually turn out to be the same type of person in the end. 
Matthew sighed. Even the way he looked at Iris had changed a little. An orchid lover beside him couldn’t help but say, “Mrs. Hunt… Everyone here is a flower lover, is there a need to do something like that?” 
“Yeah, how can you make that pot of Ghost Orchids suffer such calamity just to vent your anger on someone? Even if it’s cured, it probably won’t be able to return to its former glory, right?” 
“Lauren is not an orchid lover anyway, and was just using them to show off. We all despise her in our hearts, but Mdm. Iris, you are not supposed to be someone like that!” 
Everyone was reproaching her softly, and their voices were so low that one couldn’t tell who was the one speaking. After all, no one dared to openly offend Iris. 
There was, however, a straightforward person who stepped forward. She pointed at Iris and sighed. “Mdm. Iris, you have always been a fairy-like person all these years, and your love for orchids is also a role model among our peers. All these years, how many potted flowers have you saved from the hands of people who have no love for flowers? Why have you lowered yourself so much that you would fight with someone like her?! And for the sake of fighting, you even used a pot of Ghost Orchids to vent your anger! Sigh!” 
Lauren’s countenance alternated between being pale and being sullen as she listened to the remarks.
She’d originally thought that everyone would see her in a different light after she came to the orchid exhibition, but little did she expect that they had never thought highly of her before! 
They must have been polite to her only because they were afraid that if they offended her, they wouldn’t have anyone to ask for help when their orchids fell sick, right? 
So, now that they knew that Nora was Orchidiance, and knew that her medical skills were not as good as hers, they were starting to voice their real thoughts? 
When Lauren saw everyone attacking Iris, she secretly felt very happy. 
What kind of person was Iris? 
One must know that Iris had been a beauty who was equally famous as Yvette in New York back then. 
Yvette owed part of her fame to her looks and the other part to her talent. After all, her amazing talent and brilliance had indeed shocked and astounded many. 
But Iris was different. 
When one spoke of her, everyone would only marvel at and admire her for her beauty and her ethereal character. She was just like a celestial maiden. Anyone who had seen her wouldn’t be able to describe her negatively. 
She was lively and cheerful. 
Her voice was as beautiful and pleasant as a bird’s. 
Her nimble movements made her look even more like a celestial maiden from the heavens. 
Therefore, when Herman and Iris divorced, out of everyone in New York, half of the men had insulted Herman and called him blind while the other half was secretly happy that their goddess was single once
more. 
In addition, Iris wasn’t fond of disputes. Unlike Yvette, who had made enemies everywhere and become the women’s imaginary enemy, she had a good personality. Moreover, she was simply so beautiful and on top of that, her beauty was not the aggressive kind. Even women were amazed by her beauty. No one would be jealous of her beauty; instead, they would only want to defend and protect her beauty. 
But hadn’t she brought Iris down from her exalted position all the same? 
In order to fight Iris, she had ended up being criticized by others. When she thought of it that way, Lauren felt a sense of accomplishment again. 
She could work with this, too! 
At the very least, not everyone would be biased towards Iris anymore whenever the two of them were mentioned. 
While she was thinking about it, Nora said, “You’ve misunderstood Aunt Iris.” 
She took a step forward and spoke to Matthew. She said, “When I told Aunt Iris yesterday that there was a problem with the prescription, she had wanted to contact you right away. I was the one who stopped her.” 
Lauren said, “Ms. Smith, there’s no need for you to shoulder all the responsibility just to protect Mdm. Iris’ reputation.” 
Nora looked at her. “I’m not trying to shoulder anything. It’s because it has to be done that way.” 
Lauren was taken aback.
The people around them also all looked at her. 
Nora lowered her head and said dispassionately, “Matthew said yesterday that the prescription had already been used on the Ghost Orchids, so it was already too late to stop him at that time. Therefore, it was necessary that we wait for the medicine to take effect before further treatment can be carried out. Otherwise, if I use any more medicine on it, the Ghost Orchids won’t be able to handle it, and will end up dying.” 
Everyone was taken aback. 
Nora looked at Lauren. “Therefore, there is no need for you to slander Aunt Iris here. It is only on Aunt Iris’ account that I’m even here to treat that pot of Ghost Orchids.” 
With that, everyone looked at Iris. 
Iris stood where she was, her back straight. 
In spite of how she was nearly fifty years old, one couldn’t see any signs of age on her at all. She was slim and graceful, as though she had always been that youthful celestial maiden from back then all this time. 
Matthew was very ashamed of himself. He hung his head at once and said, “To think I’ve misunderstood you, Mdm. Iris. I am so despicable! All these years, you are the only one who has shown true love for orchids!” 
The others also apologized. 
Iris was a distant and unemotional person, and she didn’t feel much for relationships in the first place. She usually didn’t interact much with them, either, so she merely said dispassionately, “It’s fine.” 
In any case, she wouldn’t be taking it to heart at all.
At this point, Nora, who didn’t care about what the others were saying, had taken out a bottle that she had prepared in advance and handed it to Matthew. She said, “This is the medicine that Aunt Iris brewed last night using my prescription. Rub the leaves gently with the solution and water it with 0.1 ounces a day. The flowers will recover in half a month.” 
A very grateful-looking Matthew took the solution from her with both hands. 
At this time, someone looked at Nora and said, “Orchidiance… Ms. Smith, there is a small problem with my orchid. Can you…” 
Nora cut the other party off. “Sorry, but if you want a medical consultation with me, then you’ll have to follow my rules.” 
The man was taken aback. 
Nora said, “I only accept two patients a month. You can contact my assistant to get an appointment and queue up.” 
Everyone: “” 
Everyone knew that it was hard to book a medical consultation with Nora. The dates were already full for as long as five to six years in the future. Humans could still afford to wait, but how could flowers afford that? 
When they were about to speak, Nora looked at Iris and said, “Alternatively, I visit Aunt Iris on the 15th of every month to check on her flowers for her. You can try then.” 
Everyone looked at Iris again as if they had found a savior. 
Iris: “…”
Nora was completely pushing her out as a shield. 
However, Iris also understood that Nora had blown her own cover in order to intimidate Lauren for her. Additionally, she was also probably making them visit her in order to alleviate her loneliness. 
At this moment, Nora looked at Lauren, who was about to walk aside, and stopped her. “Mdm. Lauren, have you forgotten our bet?” 
Lauren paused and turned around. 
Nora pointed to Iris. “Please apologize for wrecking someone else’s family back then!” 
Lauren: “!!!” 
She bit her lip hard and looked at Iris, her expression extremely awful. But in front of so many people, she had to take responsibility for her actions. 
Thus, she took a deep breath and bowed to Iris. She said, “Iris, Herman and I couldn’t help ourselves from falling in love back then and ended up betraying you. We are truly in love with each other, and we also know very well that we have let you down; that was why Herman had left the family without taking a single cent. If you feel that we still owe you something, then I solemnly apologize: I’m sorry!” 
By putting a hidden message in her words and mentioning that Herman had left the family without taking any money from them, she wanted to tell everyone that she and Herman had already paid the price for their actions. 
Still, no matter what, she had admitted to wrecking someone else’s family! 
As a result, she had thoroughly embarrassed herself in front of everyone. 
She clenched her fists and took a deep breath. Then, she forced a small smile and said, “Alright, it’s okay even if you resent me or dislike me, but since I’ve gathered everyone here, then why don’t you guys
enjoy and admire the orchids? I suddenly remembered that I have something to do, so I will leave first. You can direct all matters about the orchid exhibition today to the manager.” 
After saying that, Lauren turned and left. 
Nora narrowed her eyes as she looked at her from the back. 
Lauren’s final move had been very graceful, and she also spoke elegantly. Her words really didn’t seem like something a vicious side character pretending to be a pure and innocent woman would say. 
For her to be able to snatch Herman away from the top beauty Iris back then, it seemed that she did indeed have a trick or two up her sleeve. 
She lowered her eyes. 
For some reason, she couldn’t help but feel that Herman and Lauren’s sudden return to America was a little fishy. 
Nora strolled around the orchid exhibition with Iris. The people there were simply too enthusiastic towards the two of them. Unable to bear it, they found an excuse and slipped away. 
On the way back to the villa after leaving the orchid exhibition, Iris looked at Nora again and again. However, she didn’t say anything at all. After thinking about it, she refrained from making conversation. 
Soon, the two returned to the suburban villa. 
As soon as they entered the gates, Iris spotted Justin’s black Maybach parked outside the door. She took a deep breath and entered the house.
Justin stood up. As he stood there and looked at her, Iris asked, “Did you know that Nora is Orchidiance?” 
Justin shook his head. 
He didn’t know who Orchidiance was-after all, he wasn’t knowledgeable about orchids. 
However… 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled into a smile and he said, “I believe in Nora’s capabilities, so I waited here to listen to your story.
###Chapter 721
Chapter 721 The Truth 
Iris looked at Nora and then at Justin. Nora had only said that she would attend the orchid exhibition, she hadn’t revealed anything else to Justin at all. Even when they were on the way to the orchid exhibition, she had only said that she could save the Ghost Orchids. She hadn’t revealed that she was Orchidiance. 
Therefore, Iris had always been skeptical about whether Nora could cure the Ghost Orchids or not. 
But Justin had trusted her very much. 
Was that how it felt to be mutually trusting towards each other? When she thought about it carefully, she actually didn’t have a single person she could trust in her life, which was rather sad. 
If she really had to think of one, then perhaps she had only trusted that one person… 
Thinking of this, Iris cast her eyes down. She pointed to the greenhouse next to them and said, “Let’s talk inside.” Because she wanted to like orchids, she had ended up really becoming fond of them. When she was gardening and taking care of the flowers, she was able to truly abandon all distractions and concentrate on work. Therefore, Iris had really fallen in love very much with orchids over the years. Her heart calmed and became peaceful after she entered the greenhouse. She sat there quietly and picked up the teapot that Mrs. Landis had prepared at the side. Then, she poured three cups of tea and put them on either side of the coffee table. 
Sunlight streamed brazenly into the glass conservatory, making the place look warm and toasty in the cold weather. 
The white coffee table and seats added a bit of rustic elegance to the place, making one feel as if they could really become at peace with the world just by sitting in there.
Iris’ gaze fell onto the orchids next to them, but she didn’t speak, seemingly in a struggle over how to start. At this time, Justin asked, “Is it related to the kidnapping back then?” 
Iris was taken aback. She looked at him. Justin said indifferently, “When I was five, a woman I didn’t know suddenly showed up at home and told me to call her Mom, but I refused. After that, I was kidnapped.” 
Justin cast his eyes down. “Later, I met a man. He got into a tussle with the kidnappers, so I took the opportunity to escape and returned home according to the route I remembered. I’ve always thought that I managed to escape because I was smart and seized the right opportunity, but now that I think about it, why did that person so coincidentally enter a confrontation with the kidnappers at that time? You were the one who sent him, right?” Iris pursed her lips tightly before she finally nodded. “You can say that.” Justin continued with his analysis. “After they kidnapped me, they wanted neither money nor manpower. It was clear that they wanted to kill the hostage. On top of that, they also wanted me to die a distance away from home. At that time, the Hunts were already one of the largest families in New York, yet even they couldn’t find me. In that case, who did you seek help from?” 
Iris bit her lip. 
Justin stared at her, light flickering in his deep-set eyes. “Or should I say, who did you beg for help? That person you begged for help is the one who imprisoned you here in this small villa, and also forbade you from being with me, right?” Iris exclaimed, “How did you know that? Do you already know who he is?” 
“I don’t.” 
Justin said dispassionately, “Ever since I realized that you have reasons for doing what you did, all these years, I have been wondering what on earth those reasons are. At first, I thought that you had made some kind of agreement with Herman, but after he came back, I realized that that wasn’t the case at all. You have never feared him, so how could you possibly make such a ridiculous agreement with him? Besides, you have always been afraid of giving me trouble all these years, so you always rejected the
Evanses every time they approached you for anything. Therefore, it is impossible for you to harbor thoughts of usurping the Hunts’ assets. Grandma also doesn’t seem to be on guard against you. After thinking about it, that is the only possibility left.” 
Iris’ eyes reddened. Since Justin had started the topic, she picked up from there. She said, “My marriage to your father is a political marriage between wealthy families. The one he liked was actually Yvette Anderson. I know all of that, so I’ve never blamed him for cheating—because I have never loved him either. However, he went too far. I’d already given them my blessings and left the family, yet they neglected you and caused you to be kidnapped! Everything related to the kidnapping has already been erased by now. I suspect that it’s Lauren’s handiwork and that she had colluded with that group of kidnappers, but I don’t have any proof. That time, after I came back from my trip overseas and discovered that you were gone, I begged the Hunts and the Smiths for help. At that time, Nora’s father was still the head of the Smiths. Mr. Smith helped me to search for your whereabouts, but unfortunately, there was no news of you at all. By then, it had already been more than twelve hours since your disappearance. If I still couldn’t find you, there was a very high chance that they would kill you. So, I had no other choice. I could only approach him…” 
Iris clenched her fists tightly at the mention. 
Her eyes were full of hate towards Lauren. 
Justin suddenly asked, “Who… is he?” Iris sighed and shook her head. “To be honest, I don’t know either.” Justin and Nora exchanged a look and both frowned. 
However, neither of them raised any questions because the look in Iris’ eyes had started to become distant, and she was already starting to go down memory lane. She said, “I met him in college. He was my first boyfriend.” 
Her simple few words stunned the two of them.
He was her first love? Then why didn’t she know who he was? While they were thinking about it, Iris said, “When we were still studying, he was a poor boy named Philip Coleman.” At this point, Iris looked at Justin. It was inevitable that she would feel a little embarrassed mentioning her first love in front of her son and daughter-in-law. 
She lowered her head. “I met him at a dance party. He fell in love with me at first sight. After that, he tried to woo me for a very long time. Among all the rich youngsters, he was very unremarkable, but for some reason, he was the only one who caught my eye. After we graduated, my family wanted me to get engaged with Herman for the political marriage.” 
Iris’ voice was a little serious and burdened when she mentioned that. After a while, she finally heaved a huge sigh and said, “It’s actually a very cheesy story. My family was driving me into a corner. Mom was seriously ill, but Dad refused to pay for her high medical expenses unless I agreed to the marriage. I had no other choice at that time, so I broke up with him.” 
At this point, Iris looked at Justin and gave him a wry smile. “He had been pretending to be a poor boy in school because he was worried that people would be attracted to his money, whereas I happened to be in need of it.” 
The two of them had let each other slip by perfectly. 
Iris sighed. “Both he and I were relatively self-restrained people, so the breakup went smoothly. After that, your father and I got married. Everything was fine until one day, your father said that a foreign businessman had come to America and was holding a party. He wanted me to attend it with him…” 
She hadn’t expected to meet Philip again at the party. Philip was the foreign investor at the party. 
Everyone was trying to please him because they had heard that he was from a foreign wealthy family. Even though the Hunts and the Smiths had already reached the pinnacle in America, there was another
family in another country that loved doing business very much. They had been merchants for generations and had amassed a lot of wealth over the years. 
People like them had always been low-key in their behavior. Even when he was out, he used a pseudonym. Philip Coleman was not his name; it was just the pseudonym he used in America. 
She had never known his true identity. 
At the party, Philip found an excuse to corner her. 
Iris knew that Herman was someone who hated being embarrassed, so she said, “My husband doesn’t know about my first love. Please don’t tell him about it.” 
At that time, Iris’ belly was already showing slightly. 
She had given all her love to the baby in her womb. 
At that time, the way Philip looked at her had changed. He let out a sarcastic laugh and said, “I have never been acquainted with Ms. Evans before. Nice to meet you.” When he said that, Iris had felt like someone had suddenly gripped her heart tightly. What she’d thought was a peaceful breakup was still capable of piercing her heart two years later. 
She put on a graceful smile and nodded at Philip. 
But after she turned around, she was unable to maintain the smile on her face. 
However, Philip would appear in her life again. Philip became good friends with Herman and visited them at home. Herman had pointed to Iris’ belly and said to Philip, “Philip, he’ll be your god-son in the future!” At that time, Philip had looked at Iris pointedly and remarked, “I’m so envious of you for having such a good wife, Herman.” Herman asked, “Aren’t you married yet, Philip?” 
Philip shook his head and immediately said, “I have someone in my heart I can’t forget, no other woman can capture my eye.” 
When he said this, the look in his eyes as he stared at Iris had been persistent and terrifying Herman, however, was still unaware of what was happening. He said, “Oh? Then why didn’t you marry her?” Philip lowered his head. “I had concealed my identity at the time, so she thought I was poor and went to someone of higher social status instead.” 
Herman cursed the woman for being materialistic and shameless. 
Iris flushed as red as a tomato as she listened to them from the side. 
Philip, however, said, “It is instinctive to pursue a better life, so I don’t hate her. In fact, if she is ever in trouble in the future, I would still be willing to help her.” 
Herman had immediately given him a thumbs-up. “You sure are magnanimous, Philip!” 
Philip then said, “My family also has a lot of secret properties in America, it’s just that most people don’t know that. If you ever run into trouble in America, I can also be of assistance.” 
Herman hadn’t thought much about it at the time and had thought that those words were directed at him. At once, he started chatting and laughing happily with Philip. However, Philip’s attitude suddenly became cold and he left. 
Since then, he had never stepped into America again. It was only later that Herman finally understood why Philip had fallen out with him back then. 
After he left, Iris had let out a long sigh of relief. 
She admitted that her decision had betrayed Philip back then, but Philip had also hidden his family background from her. Wasn’t that also a form of deception towards her?
Their relationship had ended without any real reason. They were ultimately just not meant to be. 
When Justin was five years old, Philip had called her. 
He was still using the same phone number he had used when they were in college. Iris answered the call. At that time, she had already found out about Herman’s cheating, so she was in a bad mood. 
Philip had only asked her a question on the phone: “Do you regret what you did?” Did she regret what she had done? Occasionally, in the dead of night, Iris would think of Philip. If she had been a little more firm and resolute back then, and if she had lived as unrestrainedly and happily as Yvette had, then would her life have been better? 
But every time the thought formed, she would look at Justin. Although she didn’t love Herman, Justin was the greatest gift that God had given her. She loved her son more than anything in the world. 
“Mom, buy me harder Lego sets next time. These are too easy.” 
Her son with a super high IQ made a request with a frown. 
Iris immediately smiled and said into the phone, “I have no regrets.” 
She hung up the phone. Afterward, when Mrs. Hunt made her choose between tolerating Herman or doing something else, she had decided to be selfish for once. Perhaps her rebellious streak from college times had come too late, but she decided to file for divorce. She dragged her suitcase behind her and left the house. 
After that, Herman had brought Lauren home. After she came back from her trip and learned that Justin had been kidnapped and was missing, she had felt like dying. 
Even with the Hunts and the Smiths’ power, they couldn’t find Justin. At that time, she had panicked. Her five-year-old son, no matter how high his IQ, was still just a child.
If the other party was determined to kill the hostage, then he would probably have already become a corpse by then! 
She didn’t dare to wait any longer. In her panic, she inexplicably thought of what Philip had once said: “… My family also has a lot of secret properties in America, it’s just that most people don’t know that. If you ever run into trouble in America, I can also be of assistance.” 
She dialed Philip’s phone number with trembling fingers. The man seemed very hesitant, only picking up the call after it rang for a very long time. The man smiled and said, “Do you need something? It’s my wedding today. The groom can’t be absent, you know.” Iris didn’t have the leisure to care about such things. Besides, so many years had already gone by, her feelings for him as her first love had already faded a long time ago. She immediately asked, “Can you save my son?!” Philip was startled. “What happened?” 
Iris recounted the story. At last, she asked: “Aren’t you very powerful in America? Can you find him?” 
“Yes, I can.” Philip was very confident. “But why should I help you?” 
Why should he help her? 
Iris had been stunned then. Indeed, why should he? 
While she was in a daze, Philip said, “I’ll give you two choices.” 
“What?” 
“The first one: Fly over to my wedding now. I am still missing a bride.” 
Iris thought that he must be out of his mind. She said, “My son is missing! Philip, I am not in the mood to joke around with you.”
“I’m not joking.” Philip chuckled and said, “Why should I help you for no reason?” 
Iris bit her lip. At last, she took a deep breath and said, “I can’t agree to your request. I will never leave my son’s side ever again.” 
Because she had gone overseas for a holiday, Justin had gone missing. 
Her son needed his mother after all. She must not leave him 
Moreover, her relationship with Philip was just puppy love during college. Compared with reality, she cared more about Justin. She started to cry. Her voice was choked with sobs as she said, “Philip, please, I’m begging 
you.” 
The other end of the call was silent for a long time. In the end, Philip sneered and said, “I can find him for you, but you have to promise me something.” 
“Tell me what it is!” 
Philip enunciated every word carefully and said, “You can watch over your son, but I forbid you from ever getting close to him for the rest of your life. You can only look at him from a distance.” 
“Iris, this is your punishment for betraying me back then.” 
“… Okay, I promise you that!” 
Later, Iris and Herman got divorced, Herman was kicked out of the house, and Justin became the new leader of the clan with his grandfather grooming him ever since. As for Iris, she could only hide in the villa.
She could still remember the last few words that Philip had said to her. His voice was very cold and missing any trace of emotion. He said, “Since you have agreed to my condition, then you must keep your word. Otherwise, you know what I’m capable of, I will spare no costs to kill your son. I can save your son’s life, but I can also easily crush him like an ant.” 
Even now, Iris still didn’t know who Philip really was. 
Mysterious families like his kept their identities very well-hidden. She couldn’t make any contact with them at all. All she knew was that if she stayed away from Justin all her life and maintained a distant attitude toward him, then she would be able to guarantee his safety. 
Therefore, that was exactly what she had been doing all these years. 
The story was over. 
There was no bloodshed nor intense love and hate. It was so plain and bland. In fact, when Iris mentioned Philip, she no longer felt any love for him but only fear and thoughts of her agreement with him. Iris looked at Justin. “The world’s top families can control the world economy and are very terrifying existences. I have distanced myself from you all this time because I’m afraid they would destroy you and the Hunts the moment they decide to take action. To be honest, my life here all these years by myself has been very comfortable. Aging and dying alone can also be considered a kind of happiness. “Justin, you wanted to know the truth and I’ve already said it, but I don’t want you to pursue it any further. Back then, I was the one who had let him down. After that, I even asked him to find you for me. He gave you your life, so let’s just leave it at that.” Seemingly because she had come clean about everything that had happened back then, Iris breathed a sigh of relief. She lowered her head. “You don’t have to become enemies with him for my sake. After all, I am already an old woman in my autumn years.” 
After she said that, she slowly closed her eyes and sighed deeply.
Nora looked at her. She was actually very shocked, though she pretended to be nonchalant on the surface. 
When Iris was young, she must have been very gentle and a big pushover, right? 
That was why she had given in to her family’s arrangements back then. 
But was her mistake really so big? 
Didn’t Philip hold any responsibility for why they weren’t together? They had already been in a relationship for several years, so why didn’t he tell her his identity and his background? 
Also… 
Weren’t there a few too many powerful people in the world?! 
The mysterious organization’s forces already spanned throughout the world, and now there was another mysterious mega-corporation? All her life, she had only been concerned with sleeping every day and also felt that it would do as long as she made enough to survive. It was only now that she suddenly realized that she was actually… so poor! While Nora’s imagination was running wild, Iris’ cell phone suddenly rang again. It was still that same unfamiliar number. 
If Nora wasn’t wrong, then he was likely Philip.
###Chapter 722
Chapter 722 Opponent! 
Sure enough, at the sight of the phone number, Iris’ pupils shrank slightly and fear arose in her again. 
She wanted to pick up the phone and switch it off, but before she could touch it, a big well-defined hand took the phone. 
Iris’ head whipped up abruptly and she looked at Justin incredulously. 
Justin looked at her firmly. His voice was calm and steady, and he seemed capable of protecting Iris from everything in the world. He said, “Let me.” 
Iris shook her head. 
She was very scared. 
Although the Hunts were powerful, they were really no match for globally powerful families that had hundreds—even a thousand-of years of history. 
She swallowed. “Justin, forget it.” 
Justin could understand her fear and panic. His mother was worried that she would affect the Hunts because of her own affairs, but she didn’t know that he had another identity that was powerful enough to make him fearless. 
It was just that due to certain reasons, he couldn’t reveal that identity of his. 
He lowered his head and said, “Mom, don’t be scared.” 
After saying that, he picked up the cell phone, got up, and answered the call. A deep and pleasant male voice traveled over through the phone: “Iris, you have broken our agreement.”
Nora stood beside Iris. 
She held Iris’ shoulders and looked fixedly at Justin. 
Justin said into the phone, “From now on, I will be the one to fulfill that agreement.” 
The original agreement was that Iris would age and die alone in the suburban villa as punishment. If she couldn’t restrain herself and got close to her son, then Philip would take action against the Hunts and Justin. 
When Justin said that he would fulfill the agreement, the man immediately understood what he meant. 
Philip sneered, “Heh, that weak little boy from back then has grown up and become independent, hasn’t he? In that case, I’ll teach you how to behave.” 
As soon as he said that, Iris panicked. She rushed forward and shouted, “Philip, come right at me if you want! Don’t do anything to the child, you…” 
But before she could finish, Philip snapped, “Iris, that’s enough!” 
Iris was taken aback. 
Philip smiled and said, “Aren’t you just saying that because you’re very sure that I won’t do anything to you? Now that the kid has grown up, you can’t blame me for being nasty anymore!” 
He hung up right after saying that. 
Iris: “…” 
The disconnected tone from the phone resounded in the depths of her heart like the bangs of a drum, making her feel terribly flustered. She swallowed and looked up at Justin, feeling like she had become the sinner of the Hunts.
The most mysterious megacorp was about to take action against her son. 
Iris grabbed Justin’s arm. She wanted to say that she would go and apologize to the other party, but when the words reached the tip of her tongue, she couldn’t bring herself to say them-because if she did, then it would be no different from her throwing her own pride onto the ground and trampling on it. 
Iris took a deep breath. 
Just as she was filled with worry and trepidation, she saw Justin walk around her and look at Nora. He asked, “Nora, are you scared?” 
Nora raised her brows. The Hunts had offended the most mysterious megacorp in the world, which sounded pretty exciting. Also, if Justin really lost everything, then wouldn’t Pete’s status as the next head of the family become useless? 
But… 
She broke into a grin and raised her eyes slightly. “It’s okay, if you go bankrupt, I’ll support you…” 
After saying that, she spotted Iris, so the rest of her words did a U-turn in her mouth and she added, “… guys.” 
Justin: “?” 
He’d originally intended to tell her not to be scared, but he hadn’t expected Nora to say something like that. Suddenly, it made him really feel like going bankrupt for fun. 
It seemed like it wasn’t that bad an idea to have a sugar mommy and be kept as a lover? 
Ahem. 
Iris looked at the two of them, suddenly finding herself speechless.
This must be love. 
If she had trusted Philip back then, things would not have come to where they were. Now that she thought about it, so what even if she had to fight to the death with her family back then? 
At most, she would have just started all over from scratch. 
The woman, who was nearly fifty, was moved by the love between Nora and Justin. This inspired the greatest fighting spirit in her. 
She said, “Okay, if we go bankrupt, then… we’ll let Nora support us!” 
Justin: “?” 
The corners of his lips spasmed. Those who didn’t know better would have thought that Iris was saying that she would support them after he went bankrupt! 
He couldn’t reveal his identity, but when he saw that the two women seemed so full of fighting spirit, he got out of his internal struggle. He smiled and said, “Don’t worry, even though I would very much like to sponge off a woman, I’ll refrain from trying that.” He spoke solemnly. “With me around, the Hunts will not go bankrupt.” 
Her son’s firm and confident words made Iris’ flustered heart calm down. 
To be honest, before she told the truth, she’d still been taking a chance. 
She felt that since twenty years had gone by, perhaps Philip had already forgotten her a long time ago, or perhaps he no longer minded. But now that things had reached this point, it was useless to dwell any further on 
it.
When she was young, for Justin’s sake, she had suffered so many grievances and wasted twenty years of her youth in this villa. 
Now that her son had grown up, it was time for him to support and protect her. 
After Iris came to terms with it, she got out of her internal struggle. She suggested, “How about having a meal before you leave?” 
“Nah, it’s fine.” 
Justin rejected her. Iris nodded and said, “Well, I’m sure you have a lot of arrangements to make. In that case, go ahead!” 
Justin exchanged a look with Nora when he heard this. 
There were some things that Justin was too embarrassed to say, but Nora understood what he was thinking, so she said, “Well, he does have a lot to do, but the most important thing now is helping you to move out, Iris.” 
Iris was a little surprised. 
She looked at Justin in disbelief, only to see him nodding at her. 
Iris bit her lip. “S-surely there’s no need for that? I’ve already become accustomed to living here.” 
“Really?” Nora was a little troubled. “But both of us will be very busy in the future. I was thinking of asking you to take care of the three children at home…” 
At the mention of the children, Iris hesitated. 
Nora sighed again. “Pete has been with Justin since he was a baby and has mild autism. Cherry also likes her grandmother’s company very much. As for Xander, the situation is even tougher. That boy was
raised by Trueman Yale, so he lacks companionship from his family and is very insecure. Sigh! I wonder if Xander will end up straying onto the wrong path in the future…” Convinced, Iris gritted her teeth at once and said, “I’ll come with the two of you!” 
Iris was someone whose actions spoke louder than words. 
Now that they had agreed on it, she would no longer be afraid. She immediately called Mrs. Landis over to pack her things for her. 
Justin held her shoulders, walked to the side, and said softly, “Mom, after you come back, you have to take over the home.” 
Iris wanted to refuse, but Justin said with a cold look in his eyes, “Grandma has issues with Nora. Now that Herman is back, she’ll definitely waver again. She has become muddleheaded, I can’t let her control the house anymore. Otherwise, when Nora marries me in the future, the family will definitely be a huge mess.” 
Justin sighed. “You don’t understand Nora. The only thing she likes to do is sleep, and she hates troublesome things the most. If she finds out she’ll have to face so much trouble by marrying me, there’s a high chance she won’t marry me anymore.” 
Iris: “…” 
Her son was being too exaggerated. Nora hadn’t even uttered a single word of rebuttal despite the super huge trouble she had just caused. From that alone, one could see that Nora would never refuse to marry him just because of something as trivial as that. 
However, her son was right in saying that she ought to take over the house. This way, when Nora marries into the family, there would be a lot less trouble handing over the family affairs. 
Now that she could do something for them, Iris felt that her return was no longer entirely meaningless.
There were almost a hundred pots of orchids in the greenhouse. But with just a phone call from Justin, more than twenty bodyguards walked in one by one and started to move the flowers out. 
Seeing them going in and out, Nora slipped over to Justin and remarked, “Pete said that you always bring more than twenty bodyguards with you when you go out. So, it really is true!” 
Justin nodded. “Yeah, sometimes I bring more.” 
Ever since he was abducted at the age of five and subsequently rescued, Justin always traveled with this many people. 
Nora glanced at him silently with a pitying look in her eyes. 
Justin thought that she was feeling sorry for him because he had been kidnapped at a young age, but in the end, Nora unexpectedly said something that totally ruined the atmosphere, “Just how scared of dying are 
you?!” 
Justin: “ 
The night was so pleasant and the environment also so nice. There was a romantic mood in the air even till the woman had kept quiet, so how come it was ruined the moment she spoke?! The corners of his lips spasmed. 
The group eventually separated. 
Nora was going to the laboratory to continue her research into Xander’s affairs. For her, no matter how important something was, and no matter how big the Hunts’ fortune was, Xander’s affairs must still be handled first. 
Because it would be time for him to be injected with the V15 in another three days.
Nora had been struggling over whether or not to inject it into him. 
Would he really die if he was not injected with 
it? 
Was the gene serum really lethal, or was it more like a drug addiction where one must continuously consume it? She had to study it and find out properly before the deadline. 
Besides, since Philip had said that he was going to take action against the Hunts, then it definitely was not going to be something he could accomplish with a few words. 
He also needed to make preparations. It would take a few days for things to ferment. Therefore, her main task during these three days would still be to study the V15. 
In the hospital. 
When Nora arrived at the laboratory, Lily was analyzing the components of V15. Seeing Nora enter, Lily immediately said, “Boss, the serum’s components are indeed not analyzable. It is too complex, I am afraid it will take a few years for us to study it thoroughly.” 
Nora was not surprised. 
If the gene serum’s formula was that easy to analyze, then Trueman and the others would not have pursued her mother so persistently. 
Twenty-five years had already passed, yet Trueman and the others were still putting their hopes of finding clues on her. In that case, this must surely be a herculean task. 
To be honest, Nora had already expected the results, but she still couldn’t bring herself to terms with it.
She nodded. “I’ll take over.” 
Lily stepped aside and Nora sat down. She held various instruments in her hands and separated the components of the serum, hoping to find clues from it. 
Three days later. Nora’s eyes were bloodshot and she had dark circles under her eyes. 
After three consecutive days of work without any sleep, she had finally derived the V15 formula, but at the same time, her heart also sank. 
It was really a gene-repairing drug and not some kind of narcotic drug. 
In other words, Xander must be injected with the drug, otherwise, he would really die. 
She took a deep breath. 
A while later, she took out her cell phone and called Caleb, who was abroad. 
As soon as the call connected, Caleb said, “Nora, I have been waiting for your call.” Nora kept quiet for a while before she asked, “Is it necessary to inject him with the V15?” “Yes, it is.” Caleb said, “If you don’t, the reparation of the previously repaired genes won’t be adequate, and his brain will explode which would surely kill him. I have already looked into it-Xander’s modifications are in his brain genes. If the V15 is not injected at the stipulated time, he will die.” 
Nora sighed. “The V15’s formula does not seem very complex.” 
“Yes, none of the formulas from V1 to V15 are complex. The most complex one is the V16. In addition, there are a few types of gene serums. Some improve IQ while some improve physical strength. The formulas for V1 to V15 are all different for each type of serum. The only thing they have in common is that they all need the very last V16!” 
Upon hearing this, Nora’s pupils shrank.
Caleb sighed. “I’m dying, so I don’t need the V16 anymore. However, every genetically-modified person would need the V16 at the end. Therefore, you should know the importance of the V16 now, right?” 
Nora nodded to express that she had understood. 
No wonder her mother had said that she must not expose her abilities, lest she ended up being targeted. 
It was possible that some of the most outstanding people in the world might just be genetically-modified humans. Additionally, there were so many people that needed the V16 as an antidote. 
She suddenly felt even greater pressure. 
Such a group of people looking for her, could she really obtain the V16 for Xander? 
Also… 
If what her mother had left behind was really the formula… If she really produced the V16, thereby removing the last restriction on successful genetic modifications, what would the world turn into? 
Would someone deliberately train a group of genetically modified warriors and unify the world? 
Or would human beings with genetically modified IQ genes develop at a high speed and deplete the earth’s resources in a dozen years -or perhaps even just a few years? 
She dared not imagine such consequences. 
But with how things currently were, she didn’t have the leisure to care about such things anymore either. 
Nora said, “I see.” 
Caleb was silent for a while. Suddenly, he said, “I didn’t expect Xander to also be your son. Don’t worry, I will contact you in time if I find clues regarding the V16.”
Nora had been trying hard to find clues from the things that her mother had left behind, but she still couldn’t find any. 
It would be for the best if Caleb could inform her if he found any clues. 
Nora replied, “Thanks a lot.” 
Caleb kept quiet for a while before he finally said, “You’re welcome.” After hanging up the phone, Nora called Justin. 
The phone only rang once before Justin answered. He asked, “How is it?” 
Nora was silent for a moment. Finally, she said, “Let’s inject him with it.” 
When Justin heard this, he knew at once that the serum was safe and could be injected as-is. But at the same time, the injection would only extend Xander’s lifespan by three months. 
If they still couldn’t find the V16 within three months, Xander would still die. He said, “Okay.” Before hanging up, Nora asked, “How is Xander?” 
“He was fine the last few days, but he started having a headache when he woke up today. I’ve gotten the family doctor to inject him with an anesthetic, so he is now asleep.” Justin explained Xander’s condition, “I will inject the gene serum into him now.” 
“Okay, I’m on my way. Observe all of Xander’s reactions after the injection.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora left and drove straight to the Hunts. 
The car stopped right in front of the villa. When she went upstairs, she saw that Justin had not injected the serum into Xander yet. When he saw her, he explained, “Our medical equipment is constantly
observing Xander’s condition, so it won’t cause any delays. I wanted you to see it with your own eyes.” 
Nora nodded. 
There would probably be physical reactions after the injection. These were all important clues and experimental data, which might play a certain role in Nora’s subsequent research and development of the V16. 
This was despite Nora realizing after studying the v15 that she probably would not be able to develop the V16 in just three months with her own abilities. 
Her only option now was to look for clues that her mother had left her. 
Xander was lying quietly on the bed. She personally injected Xander with the V15. Little by little, the liquid was injected into his body. Xander, who had been under anesthesia, suddenly opened his eyes after the serum was injected. 
His eyes were clean and clear as though he hadn’t been affected at all. 
He sat up in a daze. He looked at Nora and then at Justin. Then, he rubbed his head. 
Justin asked nervously, “Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?” 
Xander shook his head, his big eyes filled with puzzlement. He replied, “I don’t feel any discomfort. It’s just that a Mathematical Olympiad problem that I was discussing with Pete yesterday has suddenly become very simple…” 
This was the consequence of taking the IQ improvement gene serum. 
It seemed that Xander’s IQ would be the highest in the family in the future.
Nora observed all the numerical data of Xander’s body. In the end, she concluded that everything about Xander’s body was normal. 
It was so normal that Nora even wondered if she had been fooled by Trueman. 
Had she made the right decision in injecting Xander with the V15 or not? 
Then, someone pushed the door open. Pete and Cherry followed behind Iris obediently, and the three came over together. When they saw Xander sitting there, all three of them released a huge pent-up breath. 
The two little fellows and Iris’ movements were exactly the same, which gave people a joyful feeling. 
Nora and Justin looked at each other and smiled. 
However, Nora’s mood became increasingly 
heavy. 
The more one understood the gene serum, the more they would realize just how amazing it was. 
It was too un-human-like. 
She sighed silently. 
At this moment, they suddenly heard a noise from downstairs. 
Justin went downstairs and saw Herman standing there. When Herman saw him, he immediately yelled, “Justin, have you become muddleheaded? How can you let Iris move back here? Do you have any idea how big a disaster she will bring to the Hunts by moving back here?!”
Herman was furious. He pointed to Iris and said, “And you, too. Never mind that you have offended an influential person, but you still have the cheek to come back here now? Will you really only stop after you’ve implicated all the Hunts?! Leave the Hunt Manor at once! Otherwise, the Hunts will really be in huge trouble!” 
Iris frowned. 
With regard to that, she had no right to speak. 
Justin stepped forward and asked, “Where’s the butler? Who let him in?” 
The butler was wiping his sweat in silence beside him. No matter what, Herman was still Justin’s father. The bodyguards did not dare to take any real action against him when he forcibly broke in. 
The butler didn’t speak. It was instead Herman who shouted angrily, “Do you know that Philip Coleman has already started to take action against the Hunts? I heard that he has been doing a large-scale acquisition of the Hunt Corporation’s shares, our share prices are rising madly right now. A lot of the shareholders have all decided to sell their shares. He has made up his mind to take over the Hunt Corporation!” 
Justin calmly replied, “Yeah, I know.” 
“You do? Are you sure you do?! With the shares becoming more and more expensive, we will have less and less cash flow to buy back the shares! At the same time, we will also have fewer and fewer shares in our hands. I know you have also been dispatching people to secretly buy them, but how can the Hunts’ cash flow compare to theirs? They have accumulated generations’ worth of riches! No one knows how many trillions of dollars they have! Can you beat them? As far as I know, the Hunts only have a few hundred billion dollars worth of cash flow!”
Herman pointed at him. Then, he lowered his voice and said, “I have also heard another piece of important news—I heard that Philip is a member of the Imperial League. Do you know what the Imperial League is? 
“The dozen or so people in there are in control of global economic trends! The Hunts can’t beat them at all! What you are doing is no different from risking the entire Hunt Corporation! Everyone already knows about this and they are all waiting to laugh at the Hunts?! Your uncle’s family are also waiting for you to step down!” 
After saying all that, Herman went on anxiously and angrily. “You are my son, so I will definitely have to take your side. Justin, your only option now is to drive Iris out or send her to Philip. Otherwise, you won’t be able to appease his anger! Our family really can’t afford to mess with them! The Imperial League! They are part of the Imperial League, you know!” 
Justin frowned when he heard him say the things he shouldn’t be saying, and the look in his eyes turned cold.
###Chapter 723
Chapter 723 The Shocking Turn of Events 
Herman, who didn’t know that he had already hit Justin’s sore spot, was still talking about how powerful Philip was. 
As he spoke, Iris gradually lowered her head. 
She knew that she had destroyed the family’s peace and tranquility. 
Just as she was suffering through her psychological ordeal, and while Herman stood on the moral high ground and criticized her… 
Justin suddenly said, “So, that’s why you were willing to give your wife to someone else? And even cooperate with him to act as if your son had been kidnapped?” 
His simple few words made all the sounds in the room cease abruptly! 
Iris’ head also whipped up and she looked at them in disbelief. 
Herman’s mouth was still open. He was staring at him in shock because he had been exposed, and it seemed like he’d never expected Justin to say such a thing. 
Iris went from being confused to being shocked. Her brows slowly drew together and she looked at Herman in disbelief. She swallowed and asked, “Justin, what do you mean?” 
Herman immediately shouted, “Justin, don’t you dare make false accusations!” 
Justin lowered his eyes. “I didn’t want to thoroughly embarrass you, but since you insist on getting into the line of fire, then let’s just speak frankly here!”
He looked at Herman and said, “When Philip Coleman visited the house as a guest and talked about his ex-girlfriend, you already knew that the ex-girlfriend he was talking about was Mom, right?” 
Herman didn’t admit it, but he suddenly didn’t dare to look at Iris. “What nonsense are you talking about?” 
Justin sneered, “In the following few years, the Hunts showed faint signs of being suppressed. During those few years, the Smiths also gradually gained the upper hand, and it looked like they would soon surpass us and become the number one family in New York, didn’t it?” 
Herman immediately said, “That’s because Ian Smith is very impressive, whereas I don’t have any talent for business!” 
“Is that so?” 
Justin cast his eyes down. “The Hunts do not have the custom of only letting the eldest son or people from the direct lineage inherit the title of the head of the family. Although you were a bit of a jerk back then, Grandpa had chosen you. He must have a reason for doing so, right? Uncle Raymond, as well as my other uncles, were eyeing your position, yet they couldn’t take it from you. Why was that? Is it also because you don’t have any talent for business?” 
Herman choked. 
Justin continued to speak with a contemptuous smile on his face. “Outsiders all say that the elderly Mr. Smith had placed all his energy and focus into the company during those few times because of the heartbreak he’d suffered, but he had been in a total daze at that time, so how could he possibly have had such great ambitions?” 
Feeling that there was nothing to live for anymore, Ian had sought death at one point. He hadn’t even cared about his family property anymore and had given everything to his nephew.
In fact, one could even say that before Nora’s return, he hadn’t even considered adopting Joel as his son. Instead, he was just giving it away. 
Even if Ian had turned his sorrow into motivation after Yvette’s departure, it was still impossible for him to really want to expand and develop the Smith Corporation. He would only casually work for the Smith Corporation out of sheer boredom. 
But even when Ian was in a bad state of mind, the Hunts had gone from bad to worse. In addition, during that time, his grandfather had still been around and had been the person in charge of the Hunts. Herman hadn’t taken over the family yet! 
Herman was not at all as incompetent as what outsiders made him out to be. Otherwise, how would it have been possible for him to take Lauren with him to another country, start from zero, and achieve what he had currently accomplished in just twenty years? 
That’s right, Herman and Lauren already had a successful business abroad. The fact that Lauren had immediately organized such a large orchid exhibition when she’d only just returned to the country was enough proof of their current economic strength. Moreover, there was something that Justin had actually been unable to figure out all these years. 
Even if Herman had done something wrong and cheated on his wife, would anyone really be like the old Mr. and Mrs. Hunt, and drive their son out of the house but keep their grandson? 
All of these were choices that the Hunts had been forced to make back then! 
When the elderly Mr. Hunt and Herman felt like they had come to their wits’ end regarding the company, they immediately understood what had happened. Thus, Herman had promptly and decisively cheated on Iris, in order to make her give up hope on 
him.
They’d originally thought that Philip would let them off once they sacrificed Iris, but they were wrong. 
At that time, the only thing Iris had cared about was her son. When she went traveling, she’d actually run into Philip. However, she had no plans to rekindle her relationship with him. 
This caused Philip to become even crueler, and he found someone to kidnap Justin! 
One could say that the Hunts had abstained from taking action at that time, despite their ability to do so. The Hunts were so powerful in New York, how would they possibly be unable to find the child when he was first discovered missing? 
It wasn’t that they couldn’t find him; rather, they hadn’t searched for him at all! 
By the time Iris returned and found that he was been abducted, too much time had already passed. By then, even if she sought help from the Smiths, the kidnappers would have already fled New York. Even the Smiths wouldn’t be able to do anything about it! 
Therefore, the Hunts had forced Iris to approach Philip. 
They wanted to use Iris as a sacrificial offering 
Unfortunately, Iris still didn’t have any thoughts of reconciling with Philip. Instead, she reached a different agreement with him, which was to watch her son grow up in the Hunts without interfering with his life. 
After the old Mr. Hunt heard about this, he realized and understood that since Philip loved Iris so deeply, he would never hurt her. Additionally, if he wanted Iris to protect the Hunts, then it would only be possible if Justin stayed in the family. 
Thus, Mr. Hunt had pretended to drive away Herman, and also declared that he would take it that he never had a son like him. His purpose in driving him away was so that Herman could go overseas, start a
new business, and open up a new world for the Hunts. 
This was so that the Hunts could avoid a crushing defeat should something ever go wrong with Philip and he targets the Hunts in the future! 
Herman might look like he had left the family without taking a cent, but when he went abroad back then, his father most certainly would have secretly given him a sum of money as start-up capital. 
All of their schemes were closely linked with one another. The elderly Mr. and Mrs. Hunt, who seemingly had a deep sense of love and righteousness, were just doing all that for the sake of the Hunts. 
Justin had only slowly pieced everything together after Iris told him the truth. 
This was also the reason why he hadn’t immediately sought revenge on Lauren for kidnapping him- because she wasn’t the one who had instigated the kidnapping at all. 
It was Philip! 
Justin’s words, like a sharp knife, cut open the Hunts’ veil of pretense, exposing all of their ugly and nasty true colors. 
Iris was shocked and astounded. She felt like the worldview she’d held all these years had come crashing down all around her. She thought that she had caused the Hunts huge trouble, but little did she think that the Hunts had been using her all this time? 
Herman refused to admit it. “What are you talking about? I don’t understand at all, you…” 
“You don’t understand? Is that so? In that case, shall I lay out all the evidence one by 
one?”
Justin’s voice was low and deep, but there was a mocking smile on the corners of his lips. 
Herman narrowed his eyes. 
After some time, he finally dropped his pretenses. He calmly said, “Since you’ve already figured out everything, then take your mother with you and leave the Hunts at once 
-because, I, the real head of the Hunts, am back.” 
Justin stared at him. 
Herman lowered his head and looked at the family members who had hurried over after hearing about his return and the argument. He straightened his back. On his visage that was three parts similar to Justin’s, his eyes were dark and deep. 
He calmly said, “My father left all the shares in the family to me back then.” 
After saying this, he immediately took out a will. 
Upon seeing the share transfer agreement, everyone was shocked. 
When the elderly Mr. Hunt passed away, in his final words, he had only left instructions saying that Justin was to take charge of the company. Therefore, Justin had naturally inherited his shares. 
With the will, though, Justin would be kicked out of the picture. 
Everyone in the family fell silent. They all stared at the will and then at each other, all of them at a loss for words.
Roger said, “Uncle Herman, if a will exists, then Grandpa’s shares should indeed be given to you. In that case, from today onwards, you will be the head of the Hunts!” 
Some defenders of Justin said, “But is the will really valid? Who can prove it?” 
Along with these words, someone supported a shaky Mrs. Hunt as she walked out. She said unhurriedly, “I can prove it.”
###Chapter 724
Chapter 724 The Hunts Who Plot Against One Another 
Nora was standing upstairs and watching the intense discussion downstairs. 
She clearly saw that Justin had trembled lightly when Mrs. Hunt walked out. 
Nora sighed silently. 
Justin might never have ever thought that his grandmother, who had raised him into an adult, would also be part of the group of people plotting against him. 
How sad and lonely must that man surrounded by his so-called family members be right now? 
Justin was a man who had always been scheming and inscrutable, so he didn’t say anything 
Iris, however, stared at the group of people. The woman, who now knew the truth, was suffering quite the mental breakdown at the moment—not for herself, but for her son! 
Her entire body shook with anger, and she rushed up to Herman, stretched out her hand, and slapped him across the cheek. 
Smack! 
She had put all of her strength into the slap, causing Herman’s head to turn to the side. 
Nora saw that Herman could have avoided the slap, but he didn’t. Instead, he chose to take 
it.
Iris screamed, “Herman Hunt, you are so despicable! Never mind that you plotted against me, but how can you plot against even your own son?!” 
Herman’s head was turned to the side. The handprint on his cheek quickly swelled up visibly, which went to show just how furious Iris was. 
He looked at Iris calmly. “Iris, I don’t mind if you blame me for this. It’s all because I am too incapable. Twenty years ago, I didn’t have the ability to keep you by my side; twenty years later, I still don’t have the ability to keep you with me. When we got married, we had clearly vowed that we would never abandon each other for the rest of our lives, but unfortunately, you have offended someone you should not have.” 
When Herman said that, there was sorrow in his eyes as he gazed at Iris. 
To be honest, hadn’t he also loved Iris when he was young? 
In fact, one could even say that he still did. 
At that time, he and Ian had both courted Yvette. Later, after Yvette chose Ian, he had also been envious of the beautiful love between the two of them. 
Afterward, he had met Iris. 
When he saw how gentle Iris had been to the poor lad Philip, his heart had skipped a beat. 
Thus, he had gotten the Hunts to approach the Evanses and propose marriage. 
Everyone said that he had married Iris because he could not manage to take Yvette as his wife. The only person in New York who was comparable to Yvette at that time had been Iris. 
But nobody knew that he had only courted Yvette back then just to fight with Ian. Towards Iris, however… he had truly fallen in love with her.
He hadn’t expected Iris to agree to the proposal, either. 
Before they got married, Iris had told him honestly that their marriage was a political one, that she had no feelings for him. 
However, Herman had still insisted on getting married. At that time, he was already in love with her. He’d even vowed that he would treat her well for the rest of his life. 
He just never expected Philip the pauper to suddenly transform into the head of one of the mysterious families of the world. 
Back then, when the Hunts were suppressed by him, just how tormented had he been? His father had spent his entire life turning the Hunts into a big and powerful family, but before the company and family were even handed over to him, he had already implicated them… 
Herman had indeed deliberately betrayed Iris, but at that time, he had also suffered great emotional torment. 
Iris didn’t understand the complicated look in Herman’s eyes. She merely felt that the man in front of her was simply too shameless! 
She stared at him. “If that was the case, then you should have made things clear to me from the start! Even if I have to leave with Justin, I would never drag the Hunts in this!” 
How could Herman possibly bear to let them leave, though? 
He clenched his jaw and narrowed his eyes. “You want to take Justin away? Justin is my, Herman Hunt’s, son! He is a descendant of the Hunts! Are you planning to take him with you as you turn to Philip?! I won’t allow it!” 
Iris really couldn’t understand him.
He was the one taking full advantage of her and her son, yet he was also the one saying that Justin was his son, so they mustn’t leave. 
She felt that Herman must be schizophrenic. 
She smiled in resignation and asked, “Herman, what do you mean by that?” 
Herman cast his eyes down and sighed. “What I mean by that? Couldn’t you have just behaved yourself, accepted your fate, and stayed in that suburban villa for the rest of your life? This way, I would never have returned to the family, and would never have fought with our son for the position of the head of the family! But look at you… You had already stayed there for the first twenty years, why did you let everything go to waste in the end?!” 
Iris stared at him, finally understanding what he meant. 
It was because of Herman’s selfish intentions that they hadn’t let her go back then! 
Since he had given up Iris, then he totally could have just let go and push her into Philip’s arms. Given Philip’s means, he would have been able to trick Iris into staying with him eventually. But Herman hadn’t! Instead, he had used Justin to keep her captive, preferring to imprison her for twenty years in a suburban villa as though she was a canary in captivity, over giving her true freedom! 
She clenched her fists tightly. “Herman, you are such a despicable lowlife!” 
Herman lowered his eyes and took a step forward. “I don’t care whether you call me despicable or shameless, but Iris, you and your son only have two choices now.” 
Iris stared at him. “Go on.” 
Justin also looked at Herman.
Herman sighed and said, “Justin, you are my son, why would I do anything to harm you? If your mother goes to Philip and asks him to stop, then I will take it that this will doesn’t exist. My business overseas is enough for me to support myself.” 
Iris took a step back. 
Even now, Herman still wanted to sacrifice her. 
While she was contemplating in a daze, she heard Justin’s firm and sonorous voice. 
“That’s impossible. Tell me the second option.” 
“You—!” Herman was practically speechless towards Justin. He pointed at him, his finger in the air for a while. 
The elderly Mrs. Hunt took a step forward and held Justin’s arm. “Justin, my good grandson, just agree to it! Iris had already moved to the suburbs when you were five, and she has never taken care of you ever since. Besides, who knows if her heart had already been with Philip long ago? They are each other’s first love, so can’t you just take it that you’re giving your mother your blessings? Once she is gone, the will would be considered non-existent. All these years, it was only under your leadership that the Hunts could come this far, everyone can see that. If your father ever dares to fight with you for the position of the head of the family after your mother leaves, I will be the first to raise my voice!” 
Justin looked at Mrs. Hunt as she spoke. 
It was not that she did not love him. 
It was just that before loving him, the Hunts’ interests mattered more than anything else! 
Justin then looked at Herman.
All these years, he had hardly ever called him, nor had he ever paid any attention to him. He had just been taking advantage of him all along 
From beginning to end, Iris had been the only one who did things for his sake. 
Justin looked at Herman coldly. “Tell me the second option.” 
Seeing him like this, Herman said angrily, “You are really so unrepentant! If you don’t agree to it, then even if it’s for the sake of the Hunts, I’ll have to come home and inherit the shares that your grandfather has left me! Justin, by then, I won’t be able to guarantee that I’ll be able to protect you and your mother! Also, the consequences of you going head-to-head with Philip will only be you overestimating your abilities.” 
However, it was as if Justin hadn’t heard him. 
He merely let out a contemptuous scoff. 
Herman sighed. “Justin, I did care about you all these years-after all, you are my son. As long as you are willing to take a step back and send your mother to Philip, and if your mother thinks of a way, Philip won’t drive the Hunts into a corner anymore. Don’t worry, Dad definitely won’t fight with you. I haven’t been by your side all these years, sigh!” 
There was finally a bit of real emotion in those words of his. 
Herman was not a good person, but he was not a total villain who completely disregarded kinship either. 
Justin, however, looked at him and said, “I’m glad you weren’t with me when I grew up.” 
Herman was taken aback.
Justin said sarcastically, “After all, they all say that like father, like son. If you had been by my side, I might have also become a despicable lowlife scum like you who betrayed women in for survival.” 
His sarcasm made Herman’s face flush! 
He pointed at Justin angrily. “You! What right do you have to insult me like that?! Justin, since you refuse to listen, then don’t blame your father for fighting with you! You must give me all the assets that your grandfather has left me! You also have to give me the position of the head of the family!” 
Herman narrowed his eyes. “You are still too young and headstrong, so you are competitive over everything. In that case, I will take over as head of the family for a few years for you! You can inherit it again after I die! It’s only right for a son to inherit his father’s legacy. Don’t worry, I won’t leave you with nothing.” 
As soon as he said that, Justin said coldly, “Oh? I can give you all of Grandpa’s assets, but do you think that you can become the head of the family just because you have those shares?” 
Herman was taken aback. “What do you mean?”
###Chapter 725
Chapter 725 King of the World 
Herman held the will in his hand. “This is a will left behind by your grandfather. This will is completely valid since he did not leave any other will when he passed away! Are you still planning to deny it?” 
Justin sneered. “Of course I won’t deny it. I’ll give you what you want. Lawrence!” 
“Yes.” 
Lawrence, who had appeared at the door, walked in with a share transfer agreement in his hand. He handed it to Herman. “Mr. Hunt, this is the share transfer agreement Boss prepared for you. Please sign it.” 
This turn of events exceeded everyone’s expectations. 
Everyone looked at Justin in confusion. 
Lawrence explained, “Since Boss knows that you schemed against him back then, how could he not understand the reason why old sir had not left a will behind here? Boss won’t take a single cent from him. He’ll return it all to you. It can be considered as him repaying the Hunts for raising him!” 
When Herman heard this, he felt a little ashamed. 
He stared at Justin and advised again, “Justin, why are you doing this? You’ve worked hard for the Hunts for so many years. It no longer matters to our family how much money we have. Are you really going to watch the Hunts walk toward destruction?” 
Mrs. Hunt could not bear for Justin to leave.
They did not come to force Justin to leave today. They only had one goal: to get Iris to calm Philip’s anger. 
Herman had feelings for Iris. No matter how reluctant he was, he still had to give her up. 
Mrs. Hunt said, “Justin!” 
Her old eyes were filled with tears. How could she not have feelings for a grandson she had raised with her own hands? Furthermore, no matter how outstanding her son was, her grandson was better! 
Justin was more business-minded than Herman. 
Making him the person in charge was the best thing for the Hunts. 
Roger was shocked. “Justin, have you really thought it through?” 
He had fought for the position of power his entire life, and he was going to hand it over just like that? 
As the group of people was letting their thoughts run wild, Justin said, “Sign it.” 
Herman could only lower his head and open the share transfer document in his hand. However, when he saw the contents, he was instantly stunned. “Justin, what do you mean by this?!” 
He slammed the document on the ground. “Are you kidding me?!” 
“What’s wrong?” 
Mrs. Hunt was dumbfounded. 
Herman pointed at the document and said, “The transfer of shares here is only 5%! Father left me 54% back then!” 
Only with more than 50% of the shares could one have the right to speak.
Everyone understood this logic. 
Therefore, the shares Justin had received from Old Master were 54%. 
But now, he was only giving back 5%? 
Justin glanced at Lawrence. When he did not speak, Lawrence began to explain endlessly, “Mr. Hunt, listen to me. We have calculated these shares very meticulously.” 
Herman stared at him. 
Lawrence said, “Boss took over Hunt Corporation ten years ago. Over the years, after the Hunts went public, they issued a portion of the shares to the public. The shareholders’ shares have been diluted quite a lot. Everyone in the family should know this.” 
If the Hunts wanted to become powerful, they had to issue shares to finance it. Naturally, the shares in the hands of the family members would shrink. 
In fact, although they called it issuing shares, and while a portion of the shares had indeed been bought by the stockholders, most of the shares had been bought by Justin himself! 
That was why Justin’s shares had not been diluted all these years and had remained at 51%. 
Lawrence continued, “The 54% from ten years ago is less than 5% now. Boss thought that since you gave him life, he would give you a little extra.” 
Herman: “!!” 
Herman was furious. “A hundred million from ten years ago is not the same value as a hundred million today!” 
“Okay.”
Lawrence said, “Boss has already exchanged it for your current value and even considered the dollar depreciation. Otherwise, you don’t even have 1% of the shares.” 
Herman: “…” 
He did not expect this outcome. He looked at Justin and said angrily, “Are you trying to take the Hunts for yourself?” 
Justin said calmly, “I’m just taking back what belongs to me.” 
He had led the Hunts to where they were today. In ten years, the Hunts’ assets had increased by a few hundred times. Although the shares of the family members had shrunk, whose money had not increased by more than a hundred times? 
When he, Justin, thought of Herman and Grandpa Hunt’s intentions, he instantly realized something and asked Lawrence to calculate all the money he had earned over the years. 
Since he had chosen to make this public today, how could he not be prepared? 
He did not care about the Hunts’ money, but… 
The company he casually ran could not be taken away just like that. 
Herman took a deep breath. 
He did not expect Justin to have such meticulous records. He could not find any mistakes in his work. 
He had originally thought that Justin was not prepared, but now… 
He could only get back five percent of the shares.
However, 5% was also a significant share. 
Seeing his hesitation, Lawrence said, “Mr. Hunt, are you going to sign this or not? If you don’t sign it, then you’re giving it to my boss. That’s good too. Otherwise, my boss would only have 40% of the shares left. Sigh!” 
When Herman heard this, he signed it without hesitation. 
After signing it, he looked up again. “Justin, don’t think you’ll win just because of this. You only have 46% of the shares now. You can’t say anything.” 
With that, he raised the 5% shares in his hand and said, “As a 5% shareholder of the company, I’ll cooperate with others and request to choose the chairman again. Roger! How many shares do you have?” 
When Roger from the side family heard this, he said, “7%.” 
“How much is it? I’ll buy it!” 
Herman had also earned a lot of money from his overseas businesses over the past few years. He could be said to be wealthy now. He said directly, “Also, for the Hunts’ shares, anyone who wants to sell them at a high price can come and look for me!” 
Roger looked at Justin and then at Herman. He immediately chose the team without hesitation. “Herman, what are you saying? Damn, we have 7% of the shares. You don’t have to buy it, either. I’ll give you the right to speak without it!” 
Wasn’t it good to watch the father and son fight amongst themselves? 
“Okay, let’s go have a chat. Who else has more shares? My old friends from back then should still be in the company…”
Herman and the people from the side family left Justin’s villa. 
Mrs. Hunt stood there, her figure trembling. She looked at Justin and shouted, “Justin, I have 10% of the shares. Don’t, don’t blame me… If you make a decision, you can come and look for me! If I give you that 10%, you’ll still be the head of the Hunts!” 
With that, she left. 
After everyone left, Nora said goodbye to Justin and prepared to go home to sleep. 
After all, she had not rested well for a few days. 
As for Justin’s matters, she would talk about them when she woke up. 
Iris also went upstairs to accompany the three children. After everyone left, Lawrence came in front of Justin. “Boss, you could have just given him 1% of the shares, why did you give him 5%? Now, you have less than 50%. You don’t have absolute control anymore.” 
Justin glanced at him and said calmly, “If we don’t give him some hope, will those demons show their faces?” 
Lawrence: “?” 
Lawrence coughed. 
It turned out that Boss was planning to clean up the Hunts! 
He said, “Then let’s…” 
Justin no longer had the lonely feeling of being betrayed. He was like the king of the world again, as if everything was under his control.
He said slowly, “Doesn’t Sean have 4% of the shares? Let him spread the news that he plans to sell them and see how many people are interested in these shares!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Sean’s shares were his shares. 
Therefore, Justin had always been holding onto 50%! 
Lawrence asked, “Then about Philip…” 
As soon as he said this, Justin’s phone rang. He opened it and realized that it was Imperial League’s chat page. Someone asked: “Who has shares of the Hunt Corporation? I’m willing to buy them at a high price.” 
Justin sneered when he saw this.
###Chapter 726
Chapter 726 With King, There’s No Need to Be Afraid 
The person who had asked this in the group was Bear. 
There were 12 people in the Imperial League. Other than King, all of them were represented by animal names. No one in the group knew each other, including King. No one was allowed to probe the others’ privacy, so even King did not know who the other 11 were. 
But now, Justin was certain. 
Bear was Philip. 
He sat on the sofa with his long legs crossed. His well-defined fingers tapped the arm of the sofa beside him. His long eyes were narrowed slightly as a dark light flashed across them. 
When he saw his expression, Lawrence could not help but light a candle for Philip’s funeral in his heart. 
This meant that Boss was going to set up traps again! 
He wondered how badly Philip would be tricked. 
As he was thinking, Justin suddenly smirked and sent a message in the group: “I do.” 
As King, it was normal for him to own the shares of the largest company in each country. 
No one in the group was suspicious. 
Bear’s attitude immediately became respectful. “I’ll talk to you in private, sir.” 
Justin sat there leisurely, his expression unchanged.
At this moment, Lawrence asked, “Boss, why are you still selling your shares to him? Aren’t you afraid that you’ll lose control of the Hunts if you sell them to him?” 
Lawrence knew his boss. 
Justin had 51% of the shares under his name and was quite domineering in controlling the direction of the company. 
However, there was still 4% under Sean’s name. In addition, Justin’s Imperial League persona also controlled 5% of the Hunts’ shares. 
Boss had the shares firmly in his hands. After giving Herman 5%, it seemed like there were only 46% left. However, in reality, he still had the final say in the Hunts. 
When Justin heard this, he glanced at Lawrence and smiled. “If he offers a high price for this 5% of shares, I could consider selling them.” 
The Hunts was only a cover for Justin to hide his identity. Compared to the financial group he really controlled, the Hunts’ assets were simply a drop in the ocean. 
Lawrence: “…” 
He understood! Boss was asking for a sky-high price. As he was thinking, Sure enough, Bear sent a private message: “Could you name a price? I want those shares.” 
Justin was about to extort him when another message suddenly appeared in the group. 
Cat: “Can you sell them to me? I’m willing to pay a high price.” 
Justin: “?”
Lawrence, who was watching secretly, was stunned. “Who is this? Isn’t Philip the one called Bear? Or is he Cat?” 
Justin was also confused, but he quickly said, “No.” 
He was the one who had personally invited Cat to the Imperial League. It was considered new blood in Imperial League because he did not want Imperial League to forever be controlled by those old fogeys. 
Times were changing. Five years ago, he had realized that Cat had emptied a certain stock without anyone noticing. Then, she had earned 75 million dollars. The stocks had stabilized. This person was very talented in business, but she was also very restrained. 
She had only earned 75 million dollars before she became invisible. After that, she was no longer greedy. 
Justin had admired her very much at that time, so he personally invited her to the Imperial League. 
In Imperial League, Cat rarely spoke. Justin had been observing all these years to see if there were any big dealings. After all, the information in Imperial League allowed one to win without even trying. 
However, he realized that there were none at all. 
This made Justin admire Cat even more. He felt that this person could resist the temptation of money. 
How could he have expected that Nora did try to earn more money only because she wanted to sleep and was not free at all? Furthermore, she had always felt that 75 million dollars were enough! 
Justin knew that Philip was not Cat, but he did not understand why she would suddenly come out and make trouble. 
As he was thinking, someone else jumped out.
Eagle: “I want to ask about the price too. We can give it to the highest bidder.” 
Lawrence was confused and could not help but look at Justin. He was silent for a long time before saying, “Boss, how many people have you offended?” 
Justin: “…” 
He also wanted to know what was wrong with Eagle! 
Bear: “No matter how much they are willing to pay, I can increase the price by 20%.” 
Justin stared at the Imperial League group. For the first time, he felt that things were a little out of control. 
At the Smiths. 
Joel stared at his phone for a moment before looking at Ian and reporting, “There’s indeed someone in the group buying the shares. Dad, you’re so perceptive. But is Philip really that difficult to deal with? Raising the price by 20% is simply too much.” 
Ian lowered his eyes and said, “Philip is definitely in the Imperial League. More than 30 years ago, I tried my best to join this group. When I entered the group, Bear was already there. The group is filled with torch flames passed down from generation to generation. When I entered the group, there were only eight people. Over the years, more people joined until there were 12 in total. Everyone in the group is a tycoon. Don’t underestimate them.” 
Joel nodded to show that he had learned something 
Ian had passed on Eagle’s account to him. Everyone said that he was not Ian’s child. The outside world was saying that Ian did not treat Joel as someone in power. He had only given a portion of his shares, and his shares were only handed to him to manage.
However, Joel knew in his heart that Ian had really treated him as his heir. 
It was because the person in charge of the Smiths did not want to inherit those shares, but this account! 
Over the years, he had been in charge of the Smiths and finally understood how important this account was. 
Joel nodded respectfully. 
Ian asked again, “How much liquid capital is on my account?” 
Joel sighed. “It’s only in tens of millions, but I still have it on my tab. Besides, I can continue to cash out a portion of it. I’ll sell some shares if need be. Let’s think of a way and help Justin get past this hurdle!” 
After saying that, he was silent for a moment and asked, “Dad, is it possible that Justin is also in the group?” 
Ian waved his hand. “There’s an unwritten rule in the group. Only one person from each country can enter. There are two people from New York, but Cat is of English descent and can be considered British.” 
Joel sighed. “In the future, if there are any important clues or intelligence, you have to tell Justin. Otherwise, he won’t be Philip’s match.” 
“Yeah.” 
Ian took a deep breath. “Take care of him more in the future so that Nora can have a higher status at home!” 
Joel agreed. Elsewhere, in the bedroom. 
Nora lay on the bed and stared at the message in the group.
She had originally wanted to compete with him. Although she only had 75 million dollars, what if she could buy 0.01% of the shares? 
In the end, she was too tired. She fainted in the blink of an eye and did not open her eyes again. 
When she woke up again, three days had passed. 
She stretched lazily. When she went downstairs, she happened to see Simon and Melissa downstairs talking to Ian. There was even Justin sitting beside her. 
Simon: “…I have some cash here too. Although it’s not much, it’s still a token of my sincerity. However, when we buy the Hunts’ shares, we have to write Nora’s name. Justin, don’t think too much about it. After all, you’re not married yet. Of course, I don’t mean for you to be controlled by Nora.” 
Justin said humbly, “Uncle, it’s not necessary for the time being.” 
However, Melissa called out his name. “Although it’s said that husband and wife should have the same heart without thoughts of profiting, and we’re not trying to sow discord, a woman indeed can’t rely on a man. With these shares, even if you have a change of heart in the future, you would have to consider it carefully.” 
Justin: “…” 
Change of heart? 
How was that possible? What he was worried about now was that Nora would have a change of heart! 
He waved his hand and said, “Melissa, I can’t have a change of heart.” 
He was high and mighty and would make anyone lower his head no matter who saw him. Only Ian and Joel could sit on equal footing with him, but right now, he was just a junior!
Justin sighed silently. He was just here to see if Nora was awake. Why did he coincidentally bump into Simon and Melissa? 
As he was thinking, Ian smiled confidently. “Even without the Hunts’ shares, Nora won’t be bullied in the Hunts. Don’t worry, the Smiths have confidence!” 
This behavior stunned them. 
Simon thought about it and suddenly realized something. He originally did not plan to mention it, but he looked at Justin and whispered, “Could it be that the Smiths really knows that big shot like in the legends?” 
Melissa was stunned. “What big shot?” 
Simon smiled. “We’re all jokingly talking about a legend. It’s said that the richest man in the world keeps a very low profile. Outside, everyone calls him King.” 
Melissa was stunned. “Is there really such a person?” 
Simon shook his head. “I don’t know about that. I’ll have to ask Ian.” 
However, Ian revealed a deep smile and did not speak. 
Simon immediately understood and looked at Justin. “You’re really lucky, kid. If that’s the case, even if you’re really chased out by the Hunts, you can rely on the business opportunity your father-in-law got from King to start over! Don’t be afraid!” 
Justin: “” 
Nora, who was upstairs: 
###Chapter 727
Chapter 727 Who is King?! 
Nora had never felt very anxious about earning money. 
She was Cat, she was in the Imperial League group. A casual investment based on some information would earn her a lot. Why should she be persistent? 
But now, she realized that someone from the Smiths was also in the Imperial League chat? 
Who was it? 
The corners of her mouth immediately twitched. Could Eagle actually be Joel? 
From their previous conversation, she had once determined that Eagle was an American, and among them, the first person who could enter Imperial League was Justin. 
Last time, she wanted to ask Justin if he knew King, but when she probed him, he said was not Eagle. 
It turned out that Justin was not in the group? 
However… 
King was the creator of that group. It was said that before technology became so advanced, they already had special contacts. 
Imperial League had been established for hundreds of years. 
Nora went downstairs. 
When the people downstairs heard the commotion, they all looked up. When they saw Nora, Justin suddenly stood up and said, “You’re awake?”
“Yes.” 
Nora had just replied when Justin looked at the kitchen and said, “Wait a minute. I’ll see if they’ve cooked anything.” 
After sleeping for three days without eating, she should definitely eat something soft to digest when she woke up. 
Justin entered the Smiths’ kitchen and acted like he was familiar with it. Simon and Melissa looked at each other. 
Melissa nodded in satisfaction. 
When Ian saw this scene, his eyes were also filled with satisfaction. 
Simon even whispered, “When he heard that Ian knew King, Justin’s attitude became even more respectful.” Ian had a proud look on his face as he looked at Nora. “Did you see that? This is the power of our family! This kid probably won’t dare to bully you again!” 
ter 
Nora: “…” 
For some reason, she felt that the reason Justin was suddenly so enthusiastic was that he felt a little guilty. 
But what was he feeling guilty about? 
At the thought of this, Ian sighed. “We can only buy them from Hunt Corporation’s insiders in the country. King didn’t sell his shares to me. He sold them to Philip!” 
Nora suddenly recalled that she was trying to buy the shares in the group three days ago!
When she woke up, her bidding had turned cold? 
She immediately sat on the sofa and casually took out her phone. She opened it and looked at the Imperial League chat group. She realized that for the first time, there were fifty-plus messages. 
These fifty-plus messages were sent by Bear and Eagle. 
The two of them continued to raise the price, wanting to buy five percent of Hunt Corporation’s shares from King. 
From the normal 1.5 billion dollars at the beginning, they had increased the bid to 15 billion! 
Nora: “!” 
The Hunts were worth tens of billions, but this was only five percent of the shares. In the end, they sold it to Bear for 45 billion! 
This was simply ten times the market price! 
The corners of Nora’s mouth twitched. She felt that this group of people was crazy. She also felt that she was lucky to have fallen asleep. Otherwise, she would have felt even poorer. 
Why was she only worth 75 million dollars… 
As she was sighing, Ian said, “The price of tens of billions is ridiculous. However, I had a grudge against Philip back then. Unfortunately, King sold it to Philip.” 
Simon said directly, “Why did King sell it to him but not to you?” 
Ian sighed silently. “Actually, King knows very well how much money every company has. There are only a few such people in New York. How can they compare to Philip? King must think that we’re too poor. Sigh!”
Justin, who was walking out with the porridge, instantly fell silent when he heard this.”…” 
He really did not! 
Although he looked down on the Hunts’ assets, he did not dare to look down on his father-in-law! 
He instantly felt even more guilty. He was afraid that his father-in-law would have something against him if he knew that he was King. He hurriedly carried the porridge to Nora and handed it to her. 
Nora took it. After taking two sips, she suddenly asked, “Dad, who is that King?” 
Although she had only joined Imperial League five years ago, she had actually been very curious about King for a long time. 
The people in the group were especially in awe of him. Furthermore, Old Maddy had said last time that only with King’s support and trust would she have the power to fight the mysterious organization. 
But now, she did not even know who King was and what was going on with Imperial League! 
Hearing her question, Ian said, “King’s identity is very mysterious. It’s said that this identity can be traced back to hundreds of years ago. I’ve only heard about the news here. His consortium is low-key and huge. Some even say that one-tenth of the global wealth belongs to his consortium. 
However, their financial group is anonymous. No one knows which companies they have their hands in. For example, everyone should know about the Hunts’ shares, but no one knew that five percent belonged to King. 
As for King himself, no one has seen his true face. I heard that he lives in a castle. There are thousands of beautiful women in the palace, and he has thousands of sons to choose his next heir
from.” 
Justin: “?” 
Why didn’t he know that he had thousands of sons?! 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He was about to explain when Ian smiled. “Of course, this is all nonsense. It’s all speculation about King. After all, he has so much money. I think his life has already reached its peak.” 
Ian thought about it for a moment before saying, “According to my guess, although their consortiums earn money, they’re also limited. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have to be so low-key. Besides, King’s legacy is very strange. Their legacy every generation is very peaceful. You can’t feel the change in King in the group at all. I once suspected that King had never changed. He’s an old monster who has lived for a hundred years. After all, technology and medicine are so advanced now. It shouldn’t be difficult to live a long life, right?” 
Justin: “…” 
Nora was even more curious by Ian’s words. “Don’t you have a guess as to who King is? Aren’t there only a few richest men in the world?” 
Ian shook his head, indicating that he did not know. Even those people did not seem like King 
The corners of Justin’s mouth twitched as he listened to them guess who he was in front of him. 
But when he thought of the reason he became King, he lowered his eyes and sighed. 
After the few people were done discussing, Justin and Nora went upstairs and finally had time to themselves.
Justin was about to tease her, but he was grabbed by Nora. She asked, “Do you know who King is?”
###Chapter 728
Chapter 728 Pleasing Father-in-law! 
Justin was slightly stunned when he heard this and subconsciously said, “I don’t know.” “Okay.” 
Justin retorted, “Is something the matter?” 
“Not really. I just wanted to find out since Dad sounded so mysterious.” 
Nora did not doubt it. After all, when Ian and the others mentioned King downstairs, she realized that Eagle was Joel, not Justin. This meant that Justin might not be in the group at all. 
… He was quite pitiful. So, she shouldn’t mention this topic to agitate him? 
Thinking of this, Nora changed the topic. “Are you really okay? If you need help, just tell me directly.” 
“No, it’s fine.” 
Justin thought that she was going to ask him for help. But even if she wanted to look for King for help, he could not reveal his identity. 
It would be very dangerous if this identity was revealed. 
Perhaps instead of helping Nora, he might end up hurting her. 
This was also why he had lived in New York for so many years as Justin Hunt alone. After all, no one would associate the person in control of the number one family in New York with King. 
The number one power in New York had always lived in public. No matter where he went, his exact whereabouts could be found.
At the thought of this, Justin lowered his eyes and said, “From the legends I’ve heard of King, I learned that if you want his help with something, he is a very easygoing person. You can get Joel to convey your thoughts.” 
Nora glanced at him. 
She thought that she could deliver the message herself without needing to ask Joel, but she decided not to continue this conversation. She changed the topic again. “How has Xander been these past few days?” 
After analyzing Xander’s gene serum without any sleep for three days and injecting him with the drug, Nora fell asleep for three days after realizing that all his vital signs were normal. 
When she woke up, she was most concerned about Xander’s health. 
“…He’s fine.” 
Justin thought about it and replied cautiously. 
Nora immediately sensed the meaning. “That means something has happened?” 
Justin sighed and rubbed his forehead. “I only tested his intelligence and realized… that it’s gotten higher. His intelligence is even higher than Pete and Cherry’s.” 
Pete was an extremely smart child. Otherwise, he would not have learned the Math Olympiad questions at the age of five. Those questions were very difficult even for university students. 
Cherry was also a representative of high intelligence. She could not calm down. Nora could only let her play games to divert her attention and make her hyperactivity better over the years. 
Contrary to these two, Xander had always lived beside Trueman. Nora did not know him very well.
His intelligence surpassed Pete and Cherry’s? 
Nora was silent for a moment before finally sighing deeply. “Genetic medicine is indeed a good thing.” Justin also nodded. “This temptation is really too difficult for humans to resist. Who doesn’t want to strengthen their bodies? Who doesn’t want to have outstanding intelligence? We will definitely face many temptations in the future.” 
At this point, he suddenly asked, “Nora, if you successfully find the V16, will you take it?” 
Nora curved her lips and smiled. “I’m already one of the smartest people in the world. Why bother? Besides, humans should respect evolution. The current level of human technology and research are not enough to support a sudden arrival of highly intelligent humans.” 
Hearing her words, Justin smiled. “What if that gene serum really succeeds and can extend one’s life?” 
Nora was fine. 
She had been a Buddhist her entire life. It was enough for her to have enough money to survive and have her relatives by her side. Furthermore, even if she passed away, she would only be sleeping endlessly. 
She was not scared of it. 
She waved her hand casually. “Not interested. I’ll change my clothes. Let’s go see Xander.” 
“Okay.” 
ILI 
The two of them stood opposite each other. Nora looked at him for a long time before pointing at the door. “Aren’t you going out?”
Justin smiled. “Our children are already five years old. We’re a couple. Do you still care about this?” 
Nora: “…” 
This man was getting more and more shameless. 
She turned around and seemed to be walking to the cloakroom. When Justin strode forward, planning to follow her, she suddenly turned around and kicked him in the chest. 
Justin subconsciously stepped back and reached out to block, but he was kicked two steps back by Nora and he went straight out the door. 
The next moment, “Smash!” 
The door was closed. Nora’s cold and low voice came from inside. “Be good. Wait outside.” 
“… Tsk.” 
Justin looked at his hand and could not help but laugh softly. Nora was actually shy. 
A minute later, Nora changed into a black windbreaker and went out. 
She seemed to prefer black. This coat was especially wide on her. Coupled with her slender figure, she looked especially stylish. 
As Justin watched, his eyes darkened. 
The two of them went downstairs and greeted Ian before leaving. 
On the way to the Hunts to see Xander, Nora switched on her phone. She secretly turned to her side and opened the Imperial League chat group. She had originally planned to see what kind of investment
opportunities there were, but as soon as she entered, she saw Bear mocking Eagle? 
Bear: “If you don’t have money, don’t come making trouble next time @Eagle.” 
Philip came back to his senses. He knew that he had been tricked into making a bid of 45 billion dollars, but he did not dare vent his anger on King. So he aimed it at Joel? 
According to her brother’s character, he would definitely ignore him. 
However, when Nora went out, she had seen that Ian had logged in to his account, so the eagle in the group was now Ian. If it was Ian, then… 
Sure enough, there was an argument in the group. 
Eagle: “Why? Are you getting angry out of humiliation? If you don’t want to buy that 5% of the shares, you can transfer it to me. Heh, you regret buying it? You can’t afford to lose, but you don’t dare to argue with King. You only know how to talk big here?” 
Nora: “…” 
Ian’s words were really provocative, but it was satisfying! 
Bear: “Heh, King sold his shares to me because he knew you didn’t have the money. You don’t have to sow discord here. I’ll never have any ions to King. King should know that you can’t afford them, so he sold his shares to me.” 
Eagle: “Hehe, 45 billion for 5% of the shares. Only a fool would buy it. What are you so proud of?” 
Bear grabbed the opportunity immediately: “What do you mean only fools would buy it? Are you saying that King tricked me? You’re the one who’s being disrespectful to King!”
Nora: “!” 
It was all over. 
Ian was counter-attacked! 
In the end, King had sold his shares to Philip and not to Eagle. This showed his attitude. Besides, King had just received Philip’s 45 billion dollars. He was definitely biased toward Philip. 
Philip had just made a few casual remarks. Would King have something against Ian? 
King had a high status in Imperial League and his words were final. How was Ian going to talk in the group in the future? 
Nora frowned. 
Ian clearly sensed this too and said in the group: “I have no ions to Mr. King. You’re the one who started the argument today.” 
Bear: “You called me stupid for making the deal yesterday. Aren’t you saying that King tricked me? @King, say something fair.” 
Let King speak? 
If King spoke up, he would definitely side with Bear! 
2 апе 
Was there a need to think about that? Who would admit that they had scammed others when doing business?
Nora pursed her lips and thought about how to say something in the group to draw this matter to an end. However, Philip began to be aggressive. 
Bear: “Purchasing 5% of the Hunts’ shares for 45 billion dollars is indeed a few times higher than the market value. But Mr. King definitely has no intention of extorting me. Isn’t it all because you’re bidding against me here? This is a fair transaction. The highest bidder gets it. How can you judge Mr. King like this?” 
Nora: “!!” 
Eagle: “I have no doubts about Mr. King’s impartiality. You don’t have to sow discord here.” 
Bear: “Who’s sowing the discord here? Who brought this up in the group first? Mr. King, what do you think?” 
At this moment, someone came out to agree. Rabbit: “I swear that the highest bidder got it yesterday. There’s no unfairness. Mr. King is absolutely fair in handling things.” 
Wolf: “Mr. King is absolutely fair.” 
A row of people below echoed. 
Finally, Bear sent another message: “Did you see that? Eagle, you should apologize to Mr. King and to me!” 
The matter became heated. While Nora was anxious, the car arrived at the Hunts. 
Nora was still thinking about what to do. At this moment, King, who had been silent all along, suddenly reacted.
###Chapter 729
Chapter 729 King’s Slap! 
It was obvious that King had taken advantage of the two families fighting to raise the price in the deal three days ago. The final beneficiary was King. 
No matter how he looked at it, he could not admit that he had been unfair and had lied to Bear. Therefore, Philip was certain that King had targeted Ian in the group. 
The others could not say that the deal was unfair. 
Ian instantly became the target. 
If King were to appear now, he would definitely be on Philip’s side. 
Nora was thinking about how to help Ian resolve the situation and make the atmosphere less awkward when she saw… 
King: “Would a normal person spend 45 billion dollars on the Hunts’ shares that are only worth a few billions? 
The others echoed King and instantly sent a message to the group. 
Rabbit: “King is right.” 
Wolf: “King is right.” 
Nora was also typing a message. “Eagle also isn’t saying that King is unfair. It’s clearly Bear who is stirring trouble in the group…’ She was typing and wanted to say a few words for Ian when she suddenly realized the meaning of King’s message. She was stunned and confused.
Why was this King acting a bit different than his usual self?! 
He had clearly made a killing three days ago and taken advantage of Bear, but now he was still coming out to mock him? This was completely against his principle of peace! 
He was simply making enemies. 
Nora was taken aback. 
In the distant Smith Villa, Ian was stunned. He was prepared to express that this was not what he meant. At most, he would apologize to King and Bear. 
After all, everyone in the group was a big shot. Furthermore, in the past, even if King did not smooth things over, he did warn them to be careful with their words. 
But—why had King suddenly become so straight? 
When he said this, Ian was really stunned. 
Philip, who was overseas, was even more stunned. 
After spending 45 billion dollars, he had actually been very unhappy. However, he did not dare to lose his temper at King, so he could only vent all his anger on Eagle. 
After all, Eagle was an American. Eagle might be Justin himself. 
During the period when Eagle joined the Imperial League, the Hunts were the number one family in New York. 
That’s why he suddenly launched an attack on him in the group. The goal was to make everyone in the group reject him.
Moreover… his account was one of the first six to join the Imperial League when it was established! 
Although he did not dare to be called the richest man in the world, since no one knew how much money King had, Philip was indeed invincible overseas. 
Even King had given him some face in the past. In the group, if King was first, Philip would be second. 
Therefore, no one had expected King to suddenly attack Philip. 
What did that mean? 
Philip was furious. “King, did you send the wrong message? Or was your account hacked? What do you mean?” 
Nora was also thinking about what King meant when she saw him throw another sentence into the group. “It means that your IQ is very low.” 
The group instantly fell silent. 
After all, if the first and second big shots fought, who would dare to interrupt? 
Even Ian was confused for a moment. 
King sent another message: “I’m selling my shares to you not because Eagle is poor, but because he’s smarter than you and not easy to cheat.” 
IIII 
In the Smiths’ villa, when Ian saw this sentence, he could not help but sit up straight. There was a look of satisfaction on his face from being recognized. 
He smiled and sent a message in the group.
Eagle: “Mr. King, you think too highly of me.” King: “You’re worth it, sir.” 
Everyone: “!” 
Why did the word “sir” suddenly become so meaningful? 
The people in the group instantly fell silent. 
In the past, Eagle did not receive much respect in the group. After all, he was considered a newcomer in the group. 
But now, King spoke so highly of Eagle. Could it be that King had instructed Eagle to raise the price yesterday and his goal was to cheat Bear? 
This… 
Bear was furious. “King, what do you mean?” 
King: “What’s the point of bullying a small family in New York? What are the principles of the Imperial League? You openly tried to break them, don’t blame me for being merciless!” 
The principles of the Imperial League… 
Nora thought about it. Imperial League’s group page clearly said that they were not to bully the weak. 
But! 
First of all, was Justin weak? 
Secondly! Over the years, Imperial League had wanted to expand its influence, so how could it not have bullied others?
Everyone was in control of the global economy, so they were all fine. Why did King suddenly mention this principle? 
Everyone was confused. 
However, Philip was indeed Philip. 
Offending King would not end well for him. 
The reason King had dominant status in the group was that he was the leader. 
He was the one who was leading everyone forward step by step. Philip had to give him face. Therefore, when he saw that King had given a reasonable explanation, Philip did not dare to probe further. He lowered his head in the group. “I forgot to explain. I have a personal grudge with the Hunts.” 
King: “Since it’s a personal grudge, then these 45 billion dollars are worth it.” 
Bear: “You’re right.” 
Through the screen, Nora could feel Philip’s anger. However, his forbearance made Nora alert again. 
At Philip’s level, it was easy for him to toy with people. 
Just like how he could imprison Iris for 20 years with one thought! 
However, it was precisely such a person who was used to being arrogant, but he was being so adaptable. He was indeed one of the rulers of the few mysterious families in the world! 
Seeing that there were no more messages in the group, Nora finally put down her phone. 
When she looked up again, she heard Cherry call out “Mommy” in a childish voice. Cherry was usually a bootlicker and had a sweet mouth, but she always felt that her words were not sincere.
However, the one who was the most clingy to Nora was Cherry. 
After not seeing her for three days, the little fellow did not even play games anymore. She hugged Nora’s thigh and did not let go. “Mommy, I miss you so much, I didn’t eat or drink well these past few days!” Pete, who ran over with her, reminded her, “That’s called not wanting to eat or drink. Besides, I don’t think you ate any less.” 
Cherry immediately looked at him and explained boldly, “That’s why I didn’t say I didn’t eat, I said I didn’t eat well!” 
Pete: “…” 
Nora touched Pete’s head and then looked at Xander, who was sitting on the sofa and looking over eagerly. 
The little guy was very proud. He was clearly looking over, but he still pretended not to care. It was funny. 
Nora walked over and rubbed his head. “Does Xander miss Mommy?” 
“Tsk!” Xander rolled his eyes. “You’re too mushy. I’m not that childish!” 
Although he said that, he did not pull his head away from her. 
Pete immediately rolled his eyes. “Then who is it that asks almost every day why Mommy sleeps for so long?” 
Xander: “?” 
His face turned red instantly and he snorted. “I was afraid she would die!” 
“You’re not allowed to curse Mommy!” Cherry looked fierce.
Pete frowned as well. “Don’t say such nonsense. How could Mommy die? You’re talking nonsense!” 
Xander pursed his lips. “I was just saying. It’s not like she’d really…” 
He still did not say the word ‘die’. 
The three children huddled together and argued. It made Pete talk more. Cherry’s ADHD had recovered even without gaming, and it also made Xander not hate this family so much. 
Nora checked Xander’s body again. When she saw that he was fine, she finally heaved a sigh of relief. 
Justin still had some work matters to settle, so he went to the study. Nora was downstairs playing with the three children. 
She looked at Xander and suddenly asked, “Xander, do you want to change your name?” 
Xander was stunned and looked at her. “What name should I change? There’s no need to change it. It’s meaningless.” 
Nora hesitated and said, “But you’re Justin and my child. You can choose whether you want your surname to be Smith or Hunt.” 
Xander immediately pursed his lips. “I don’t want my surname to be Smith. I don’t want my surname to be Hunt either!” 
Hearing this, Nora was stunned. “Why?” 
Xander’s eyes instantly flickered. “Sigh, why are you so annoying?! I’ve been called Xander Yale for five years. Why do I have to change my name? I’m not changing!” With that, he jumped up in anger and ran upstairs.
Nora frowned. 
Why was Xander so sensitive and against changing his name? 
Was he hiding something? 
Or was he still… 
Nora sighed silently. Trueman had raised him for five years. If he still had feelings for Trueman, it was really a headache. After all, she could not forcefully change Xander’s thoughts and feelings. 
As she was thinking, Pete said, “Mommy, don’t be angry. I know why he doesn’t want to change his name.”
###Chapter 730
Chapter 730 Taking Revenge For Xander 
Upon hearing what Pete said, Nora asked, “Why?” 
Pete sneaked a glance upstairs again, then he glanced at Cherry, who was hugging Nora’s thigh, and coughed. 
Before Nora could say anything, Cherry said in her young and tender voice, “I’m not leaving, Pete! I also wanna listen!” 
Left with no other choice, Pete could only sigh silently. He glanced at the upper floor again before he finally said, “When Xander woke up, he overheard some people’s conversation.” 
When Xander regained consciousness, his IQ had once again increased, and he also became more sensitive. 
The young child had never had his parents by his side since he was born. Although he had just returned to the family, he could nevertheless sense the family’s servants’ dislike of him. 
After all, he had really been very naughty previously. 
He pretended to be nonchalant on the surface but had been improving his behavior in private. He went to the lower floor to play with Cherry’s childish dolls with her, and also accompanied Pete and worked on Mathematical Olympiad problems together. In truth, he had also been working hard to integrate himself into the family. 
But the day before, he had simply been too bored. On top of that, the little guy liked to be secretive and sneaky in everything he did, so he had sneaked into the shared toilet used by the servants at home and eavesdropped on their conversations.
This was because he had found out, after a search on the Internet, that the toilet was where one could listen to the juiciest gossip. 
The little guy had squatted in the cubicle and listened to the men chatting outside. 
“Did you notice that Xander’s temper has improved recently?” 
“That’s probably because Pete and Cherry are so well-behaved that he has also become better-behaved due to their influence. He grew up elsewhere, so he has an unruly temper, but he has reined himself in now!” 
“You’d better not say such things so carelessly. Mr. Hunt hates us talking about them in private!” 
“I know, aren’t I just telling you?” 
“Well, no matter what the reason, you can say that Xander has been reformed, I suppose. But in that case, why hasn’t Mr. Hunt changed his name? Or legally registered him as part of the family yet?” 
“Tsk, here, I’ll explain that to you. This is just my speculation, but you see how Cherry’s last name is Smith, right? In the future, she will probably inherit the assets that the Smiths leave for her mother. As for Pete, his last name is Hunt, and he has long been unofficially appointed as the future heir of the Hunts. If Xander changes his name, then should he take Smith or Hunt as his last name?” 
“Are you saying that Mr. Hunt doesn’t plan to give him any shares?” 
“Speaking of shares… Do you know? The Hunts always have the final say in the Hunt Corporation because they have more than 50% of the shares firmly in their control. Although Herman and Justin have separated now, this must not happen to the next generation. Therefore, he will only give the shares to one person, so that he can guarantee that person’s absolute rights and control of the Hunt Corporation. Will he give them to Xander? Or to Pete? Who knows? The purpose of Xander’s sudden return is precisely to fight for company shares with Pete!”
“Tsk, no wonder he suddenly came back when he has already been away for so many years. That’s true, the Smith Corporation’s shares are also a large sum of money. Even if Mr. Hunt doesn’t give him any shares, Ms. Smith definitely will. He’s in for a windfall this time!” 
“Exactly… But little bastards like him can only fake good behavior, he definitely won’t be able to change his personality deep down inside. No matter what he does, he won’t be able to compare to Pete’s gentlemanly demeanor…” 
The two left the toilet as they chatted, leaving Xander dumbfounded and speechless inside. He walked out in a daze. As soon as he stepped out, he saw Pete, who was also standing outside. He must have heard what they said just now. 
Xander flushed at once. In particular, as he looked at Pete, he suddenly shouted, “Don’t worry, I’m not interested in the Hunts’ assets! I also don’t have any interest in fighting for them with you! I will make all my money by myself in the future!” 
After saying that, he pushed Pete away and ran to the villa. 
“Later, even though he didn’t quarrel with me, he didn’t spend much time solving Mathematical Olympiad problems with me anymore. He has been playing games with Cherry the whole day today!” 
Pete hung his head and spoke in disappointment. 
He must have also wanted very much for Xander to play with him. 
Cherry raised her head, her big dark eyes blinking as she said, “Really? Why didn’t I notice anything?” 
II 
II
Cherry was cute and was a sweet-talker, but she was also very insensitive. It would be a wonder if she could sense the little boy’s secretive thoughts! 
All she could do was just fight others in a battle of wits. In truth, she really was rather insensitive. 
However, it was also through the contrast between her and Pete that Nora had discovered something- children who grew up with their mothers would indeed have a stronger sense of happiness. 
Look at Pete. He might openly say that Xander was sensitive, but wasn’t he also just as sensitive? Otherwise, how would a five-year-old possibly contemplate so many problems?! 
When Nora thought of this, as well as of the two servants’ conversation, she felt a burst of anger. She lowered her head and looked down at Pete at once. “Can you recognize the two servants who were talking behind your backs?” 
“Mommy, I have already looked into it!” 
One could always rest assured with Pete’s way of handling things. Despite his young age, he was already capable of taking every aspect into consideration. He said, “The two of them are in charge of cleaning the garden in the backyard. One of them is Greg Lewis, the other one is Lionel Scott. They have been working for the Hunts for three years.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she couldn’t help but ask, “Since you have already found out everything, then you must also have ways of dealing with them, so why haven’t you taken any action?” 
Pete’s authority at home was not to be violated. 
Moreover, although the boy was mildly autistic, he was not stupid. On the contrary, he was very clever.
Pete replied, “Xander must be competing with me right now. Since everyone says that I am better than him, if I step forward to defend him, he will definitely feel even more uncomfortable. Besides, isn’t it the parents’ responsibility to protect their children?” 
Pete looked at her eagerly, “Also, I think that Xander would prefer you to protect him instead.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. Faced with Pete like that, she suddenly said, “Pete, be honest with me. Back then, when two of your private tutors bullied you, you hadn’t resisted them. Is it because you had never thought of putting up any resistance?” 
Pete lowered his head when he heard this. 
He initially didn’t want to explain, but he suddenly felt like opening up in this instant. He nodded and answered, “Yes. At that time, I thought that I had brought harm to my grandmother, so I didn’t feel like fighting back anymore.” 
Nora heaved a quiet sigh. 
The boy was simply too sensitive. 
She took Pete’s hand and walked straight out. “Come on, let’s go to the garden and look for the two of them!” 
As for Cherry, her eyes swiveled a little and she let go of Nora’s leg. Then, she ran upstairs. 
Mommy was about to unleash her prowess. How could she possibly not get Xander to watch a show as entertaining as that? 
How exciting! How thrilling!
Hehehe… 
In the garden in the backyard. 
Two male servants were chatting as they swept the floor. 
“I saw Pete yesterday. The look in his eyes when he looked at me was just so… Why does it make me feel a little uneasy?” 
“What are you thinking? Pete never gets angry, it’s fine.” 
The other man whispered, “Say, do you think Pete overheard what we said that day? After all, he was standing right outside when we stepped out…” 
“Heh, so what even if he heard us? We are here as cleaners by Roger Hunt’s recommendation. Can a kid like him even fire us? Besides, even if we are fired, we will still get a large sum of money!”
###Chapter 731
Chapter 731 Making False Counter-charges 
“No, Roger Hunt put us here so that we can snoop around for news, but who would have thought that Mr. Hunt’s supervision would be so strict? We have been here for three years, but we haven’t found any useful news at all, sigh! If we are fired, he may not necessarily protect us.” 
“Don’t worry needlessly. It’ll only embarrass him if he doesn’t protect us. Even if it’s just to prevent himself from being embarrassed, he will still protect us. Besides, everything we said was favorable towards Pete. I don’t think he will spread any nonsense!” 
The two, who did not notice the people walking towards them from behind, continued speculating in low voices. “Furthermore, Mr. Hunt can barely protect himself now. Now that his father has returned to fight for the company’s ownership with him, he can’t be bothered to deal with us. It’s the safest for us right now!” 
“You’re right, heh heh. I wonder who will win, Mr. Hunt or his father? At the bottom of it all, it’s all just because of Mrs. Hunt.” 
“Have you seen Mrs. Hunt? She doesn’t look like a fifty-year-old at all. You can easily say that she’s thirty; and even if you say she’s twenty, there will probably still be people who would believe it! How can someone be so beautiful?!” 
“Women are trouble. It’s precisely because she is so pretty that things went wrong! On top of that, she doesn’t even look old at all. What else is she, if not a vixen?” 
“Shut up!” 
Nora was originally planning to listen and see what else the two of them would talk about, but in the end, they changed the subject and started talking about Iris instead.
This was intolerable. 
Her fierce bark gave the two men a shock. They turned back in unison to see Nora come up to them while holding Pete’s hand. 
Nora’s pretty face was tense, and there was faint anger and a pressurizing aura in her eyes. Added to this her tall and slender figure, which allowed her to stand at about the same height as the two men, her aura became increasingly strong. 
They were so scared that they hurriedly lowered their heads. “Ms. Smith,” they said. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and stared at them. “Badmouthing your employers behind their backs… Is that what your contracts asked of you?” 
The Hunts’ servants were mostly old-timers whom the Hunts were already accustomed to having around. Some of the old-timers’ family members would also work there. Although there was no such thing as indentured servitude these days, their employers would never abuse them. In fact, they treated them very well, so most of the servants in the family were very loyal. 
There were some old-timers who received even better treatment, such as Fanny, who served the elderly Mrs. Hunt. She had served Mrs. Hunt her whole life, so the two were as close as sisters. 
However, the servants also knew that they should protect themselves, so all of them were hired on a contractual employment system. 
When the two servants were hired to clean the garden in the backyard three years ago, they had also signed employment contracts. Thus, their job scope and job requirements would definitely be stated in detail in the contracts. 
The two servants looked at each other in fright. One of them said boldly, “Ms. Smith, you must have misheard. We didn’t badmouth our employers.”
The other man also recovered from his shock and stammered, “Y-yes, he’s right. We didn’t talk about our employers behind their backs. We were talking about another family, you must have misheard!” 
Nora: “?” 
They were really just so… Were they pretending that nothing had happened when they had already been caught red-handed? 
She lowered her eyes. She couldn’t be bothered to say anything else to the two, so she immediately said, “You should know very well whether or not you’ve talked about your employers behind their backs just now. As for Pete and I, we were standing right here. Heh, are you going to take the initiative to resign? Or do you want me to get someone to fire 
you?” 
Nora was very aggressive. “If it’s the latter, then I’m afraid the two of you will end up being blacklisted. You don’t need me to explain the consequences of that, right?” 
Should they be blacklisted, no one would employ them when they went job-hunting in the future. 
Besides… 
Pete raised his head. In his big eyes, which looked just like Cherry’s, was not the latter’s cheeky cuteness but instead a scheming look. In his young and tender voice, he said, “Mommy, why are you letting them off? If we tell Daddy, the two of them will be in for it!” 
What Nora said had already intimidated the two servants just now, so when they heard what Pete said, the two immediately fell onto the ground in fright. 
One of them said, “Sir Pete, we realize our mistake now, sob!” 
Nora stroked Pete’s hair. “Forget it, everyone makes mistakes. Let’s forgive them wherever
possible!” 
Upon hearing what she said, the two servants looked at each other, both swallowing hard. One of them said, “T-thank you, Ms. Smith. W-we will leave by ourselves…” 
Nora nodded and pointed at the door. “Get 
out.” 
The two nodded. Then, they turned around and walked out. 
When they disappeared from the garden, Xander’s voice traveled over. “Hmph, are you letting them off so easily? You are such a weakling and a pushover!” 
Nora cast her eyes down and heaved a silent sigh. 
She squatted down and looked at Xander. “You are still young, so you don’t understand how important jobs are to people. Now that the two of them have lost their jobs, they will find even feeding themselves a problem. This is already a very severe punishment.” 
Xander had grown up with Trueman. Nora didn’t want him to become too narrow-minded. She wanted him to learn to be kind to others. 
Xander sneered, “Even so, that won’t do! Their punishment is too light!” 
Cherry blinked. She didn’t understand the ins and outs of what had happened, but even so, she immediately retorted, “Don’t talk nonsense, Mommy must have her reasons for doing what she did! Mommy will definitely punish them for you!”
Pete explained, “Xander, don’t worry. Do you think they will have it easy after they resign? Mommy has already said that jobs are very important to them. Do you think that people who can never find a job again in the future will be able to enjoy life?” 
To be honest, punishment for talking ill of others behind their backs shouldn’t have been so severe. 
However, since they were Roger’s pawns, how would Nora possibly be that kind? 
Moreover! 
Pete explained further, “Mommy can’t openly do anything to them because this is a society governed by laws! They are just people that our family had hired, they are not our slaves! Besides… We don’t actually have the right to fire them!” 
His last sentence stunned both Cherry and Xander. Both of them asked in unison, “Why?” 
“Because…” 
Before he could finish, footsteps came from the garden’s entrance again and Roger walked in with the two servants. 
Roger had a smile on his face as usual. As soon as he entered, he said cheerfully, “Oh my, who is this? Isn’t this Justin’s fiancée? What’s wrong? How did these two bastards make you so angry that you lost your temper so badly?” 
The rest of Pete’s words were cut off by him. He looked at Cherry and Xander, held their hands, and whispered, “That mean Uncle Roger will tell you the reason!” 
Both Cherry and Xander looked at Roger in confusion.
Roger’s eyes were narrowed, but he had a very gentle and amiable expression on his face. He said, “Nora, you haven’t even married into the family, yet you are already throwing your weight around in the Hunts’ residence? Isn’t that quite inappropriate? Besides, what exactly have these two people done wrong? They kept crying and crying, so I couldn’t understand what they were saying. They are, after all, people whom I recruited into the family, so you have to give me a reason for dismissing them no matter what, right? The Hunts are reasonable people, we mustn’t bully them just because they are weak and powerless!” 
At the sight of him, Nora cast her eyes down slightly. She said dispassionately, “They badmouthed their employers behind their backs. Isn’t this reason enough?” 
Roger immediately replied, “What? They actually had the audacity to badmouth their employers behind their backs? The reason is enough, of course. It is clearly written in the employee contract that they are not allowed to talk about their employers behind their backs, let alone divulge news and information about them to outsiders!” 
After saying this, he looked straight at the two servants. “How can you make such a mistake when you know full well that you’re not supposed to do that? If the two of you have really badmouthed your employers behind their backs, then you will certainly have to be fired. In addition, you will also have to return the wages paid to you during the past three years as compensation!” 
The moment Lionel and Greg heard this and noticed the look Roger was giving them, they got the hint. They shouted, “Mr. Roger, we are innocent!” 
Roger snorted coldly. “You’re innocent? What’s the use of you crying foul here? Since my sister-in-law has said that the two of you did badmouth your employers, then she definitely has evidence to back it up! Otherwise, she would never make any baseless accusations.” 
He then looked at Nora with a smile and said, “Nora, where’s the evidence? If you can produce the evidence, then I will deal with these two people right away!”
Pete sighed silently and explained to Cherry and Xander, “You saw that, right? America has labor protection laws. Even if you want to fire an employee for misconduct, you have to produce evidence of their misconduct first.” 
Xander was perplexed. After all, he had grown up in a basement and didn’t know much about human relations. He asked, “But didn’t you and Mommy hear them?” 
Cherry, however, had understood by then. She stamped her foot and said angrily, “Tsk, Xander, why are you so stupid? We did hear them, but they can also counter us by saying that we are lying! We have to produce factual evidence as proof! No wonder Mommy only threatened those two into resigning just now. As it turns out, it’s because Mommy doesn’t have any actual evidence!” 
By this point, Xander had also understood. A look of deep thought appeared on his countenance. “So that’s how it is!” 
On the other side, Roger was still looking at Nora. Seeing that she was keeping quiet with her eyes narrowed, he smiled and said, “Nora, where’s the evidence? Show us the evidence! Surely you do have evidence, right?” 
Lionel and Greg changed their tunes at once. “Mr. Roger, we really didn’t speak ill of others behind their backs! Ms. Smith is just slandering us because she doesn’t like us! You mustn’t fire us. If you really do so, then we will sue you and go for judicial arbitration! The labor law will protect us!” 
Upon hearing what they said, Roger looked at Nora smugly. 
Seeing this, Xander whispered, “Are we going to drop the whole thing just like that?” 
Xander might not understand anything else, but he did understand one thing, and that was 
– Nora wanted to take action against those two people, and if she failed, it would be very embarrassing for her!
Cherry, however, blinked and said with a smile, “No way! Does Mommy look like such a weakling to you?” 
Xander: “!”
###Chapter 732
Chapter 732 Who Says I Don’t Have Any Evidence?! 
Nora hadn’t even married into the family, yet she was already punishing the Hunts’ servants who had bullied her son. 
To be honest, if news of the incident spread, it really wouldn’t sound very nice, 
On top of that, the worst thing was that she didn’t even succeed in doing so, which would only serve to make it look even more like she was not respected at the Hunts’ residence. This was exactly Roger’s ive. 
He had fought Justin for the position of the head of the family for a lifetime, yet he’d never been able to obtain the position all this time. 
Now that he finally had the opportunity to make trouble for him, Roger was really giving it his all. 
He looked at Nora triumphantly and said, “Nora… you may be Justin’s fiancée, but it’s not right of you to do that! Without any evidence, how can you fire the servants so carelessly? We are no longer in ancient times. The servants are also humans, we are all equal here. We have signed contracts between us. If you must fire them, sure. You’ll just have to pay them additional wages as compensation. Shall I ask the Finance Department to give them the extra wages and then dismiss them?” 
Dismissing them with extra wages would be tantamount to admitting that the two servants hadn’t made any mistakes, but were dismissed purely because Nora didn’t like them. 
Should news of it spread, wouldn’t it still end up as Nora abusing her authority? 
Those sure were some nice plans that Roger had made.
Nora still looked as calm and dispassionate as ever. Seeing Roger’s stance, she looked straight at the two servants. With a contemptuous smile on her lips, she asked, “Are the two of you really not going to take the initiative to resign?” 
Lionel and Greg hurriedly shook their heads. 
“We really didn’t do anything wrong, how can we resign?” 
“Yeah. You can just say so if you don’t like us, Ms. Smith. You can fire us, but surely you can’t be so bossy as to force us to resign, right?” 
The more they spoke, the more aggrieved the two of them became, which attracted people nearby to gather around them. A group of servants hired by the Hunts had gathered at the back door to the garden and were watching the excitement. 
Roger glanced behind him. His men among the crowd immediately started to fan the flames. He said, “Ms. Smith, you haven’t married into the family, right? What right do you have to deal with the Hunts’ servants?” 
“Yes, besides, servants are also humans. What makes you think you can be so overbearing?” “There’s equality in the society now, you can’t look down on us! We are just working for the Hunts, there’s no other relationship between us. Your actions are really disappointing!” 
“Yeah! Ms. Smith, you are too much!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at them without speaking. 
The dispute quickly reached the few masters of the Hunts. 
Soon, Iris came over. When she entered, she immediately reprimanded the servants gathered there. “What are all of you doing gathered around here? Go and do what you should be doing!”
When the rest of the servants heard her, they subconsciously wanted to leave. However, Roger said, “You can’t put it that way, Aunt Iris. Aren’t they all servants? They just want to see whether our family will treat them fairly! The Hunts’ hundred years of good reputation mustn’t be ruined by Nora today!” 
Roger’s men also spoke up at once. “Yes, we are going to stay right here. Greg, Lionel, don’t be afraid! Sometimes, we just have to stand up strong and safeguard our interests!” 
“We and the Hunts are just employer and employees, we don’t have a master-servant relationship here! Make no mistake about it, 
guys!” 
“Exactly, we are not slaves! Slavery has long been overthrown! It’s the era of peace and democracy now…” 
II 
The rest of the servants were manipulated into thinking that Nora had bullied the servants and was looking down on them. 
As a result, people from the other villas also started to echo them. 
The bigger the commotion became, the more people started to gather… 
Iris frowned and reprimanded them at once. “It’s working hours right now, what are all of you staying here for? Go back to your respective workstations at once!” 
Although Iris had only moved back into the Hunts’ manor for a few days, with the help of Justin, she had already taken over the Hunts’ housekeeping rights shortly after she moved back in.
Besides, the woman was simply too beautiful, so much so that she had a unique aura around her. 
It made one unable to hate her or dislike her. 
Everyone did like listening to their beautiful employer, so they decided to leave. But when they were about to leave, another voice traveled over: “Iris, now that’s not right of you to say that. Who would still be in the mood to work when something like this has happened? Haven’t they already all gathered here? Since that is the case, then, in my opinion, why not just handle this incident in an open and fair manner?!” Along with the voice, Lauren walked over gracefully. 
Her hip twisted from side to side as she walked over. When she came forward in front of the crowd, she looked at Nora with a smile and asked Iris, “Are you going to protect your daughter-in-law? Or are you going to protect your employees?” 
With a single sentence, she put Nora and all of the Hunts’ servants on opposing sides. 
As expected, she sure was impressive. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at Lauren. 
On the way to the manor, Justin had already told her that ever since Herman came into possession of the Hunt Corporation’s shares, he and Lauren had moved back into the Hunts’ manor. 
In addition, Herman wanted Iris to give up her housekeeping rights to Lauren. 
Mrs. Hunt was already very old. While she took the medicine that Nora made, she also turned a blind eye to all these things.
But because of Herman and the fuss he’d kicked up, Lauren’s speaking rights at home had suddenly increased. 
There were now faint signs that she could contend with Iris. 
And sure enough… As soon as she heard that something had gone wrong with Nora, she had hurried over immediately. 
At the sight of her, Iris frowned in disgust. “What do the affairs in Justin’s villa have to do with you?!” 
Lauren sighed at once. “Now that’s not right of you to say that, Iris. No matter what, I am still Herman’s lawful wife, whereas Ms. Smith and Justin are not married yet! Besides, we are all part of the Hunts here, of course I’d have to be concerned about the Hunts’ reputation! News of Herman and Justin fighting for shares has already become the talk of the city-that’s not a bad thing, though, because the Hunt Corporation’s shares have skyrocketed as a result—but at a time like this, we mustn’t allow any negative news from within the family to become exposed. Things like bullying and oppressing servants and nannies must not happen. Besides, the servants and nannies are here to help us and take care of us, everyone is a friend. We mustn’t have arrogant and unreasonable employers who carelessly bully the servants…” 
Her words had completely put herself on the moral high ground. 
All the servants around them, no matter who it was, clapped when they heard her. 
Iris was very calm. She said, “Don’t you dare sow discord here. When have I ever said that the servants are treated as lower-class humans? Neither do I have any intentions to suppress them. Lauren, don’t bother diverting the conflict with your words. The incident today is purely between Nora and those two people, it has nothing to do with anyone else! Besides, judging from what you said, are you saying that as long as they are part of the weak and powerless, they will always be right? Even Herman had to be
punished and driven out of the Hunts when he made a mistake back then, let alone them. Everyone is a human here. Why can’t they be punished when they have made a mistake?” 
Iris had never been a coward or someone who allowed others to bully her. She was articulate and eloquent from the start, and she easily refuted Lauren with just a few words. 
Lauren curled her lips disdainfully and sneered, “Iris, you keep saying that they have made mistakes, but what mistakes did they make? Surely the Hunts can’t drive them out of the house just because Ms. Smith casually made some false accusations about them without any proof, right? In that case, if I find someone an eyesore in the future, does that mean I can also casually accuse them of stealing money without any evidence and then drive them out? Is the labor contract nothing but an ornament?” 
Iris scoffed, “Of course it isn’t, neither do I dare treat it as one. However, families have family rules of their own. Let’s go by the book today!” 
“Go by the book? The way I see it, aren’t the rules and regulations here completely dictated by the two of you? Iris, if you can’t produce any evidence today, then I think you’d better not manage the household affairs anymore. You’re making too big a mess here!” 
Lauren stepped forward and said very arrogantly, “I, however, don’t mind giving myself a little work and taking care of the family!” 
As she spoke, the corners of Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “With the way you twist the truth and how you condone the servants speculating about their employers, why should you manage the family?” 
Lauren scoffed, “You insist that they were speculating about their employers, but what did they say? Do you have any evidence? The most hateful thing here is you spreading rumors when you don’t have any evidence! Iris, in my opinion, a daughter-in-law like Nora is simply too unreasonable. You’d better carefully reconsider the marriage with the Smiths, and not let Justin take such an unreasonable wife who has the audacity to run amok at home when she doesn’t even have any evidence!”
Just as Iris was about to speak, Nora said contemptuously, “Who says I don’t have any evidence?”
###Chapter 733
Chapter 733 Face-Slapping! 
Her emotionless one-liner took Lauren aback for a moment. 
But right after, she recovered. How could Nora possibly have any evidence? 
If she had any, then she would have already produced it as soon as Roger came over. She was probably just being stubborn by saying something like that now! 
Besides, the two of them had only chatted casually with each other a little. Outsiders hadn’t heard them, so how would she have any evidence?! 
Lauren snorted. “What kind of evidence can you possibly have?” 
Nora raised her brows. Suddenly, she took out her phone and played a video-it was a conversation between Lionel and Greg! 
Also! 
It didn’t just include their conversation from just now, but also what Pete had overheard them saying in the toilet that day! 
When they were coming over, Pete had been worried that they would deny the allegations, so he had passed the recording to Nora. 
After they arrived, Nora had deliberately stood behind the two and listened to their conversation for a very long time before she finally stepped forward, just so she could obtain the evidence. 
How would Pete and Nora possibly not have a plan B? 
As for why she hadn’t said anything just now…
Nora had been waiting for Lauren to come over and confront Iris. By producing the evidence at this moment, she was giving Lauren a slap in the face! 
The recording finished playing. Nora had specially removed the part where the two of them called Iris a vixen-after all, the fact that they had badmouthed about their little masters was already enough. 
There was no need to publicly poke fun at the elders. 
There was now solid evidence of Greg and Lionel talking about their employers behind their backs. In addition, they had even said such nasty things about them. Their outcome was now a foregone conclusion! 
Lauren’s expression immediately changed after the recording finished playing. 
She broke into a frown. Then, she immediately changed her tune. “Ms. Smith, if you had evidence of what they did, then why didn’t you produce it earlier? By doing so, aren’t you causing misunderstandings among us?” 
Nora did not need to reply to her–because Iris had already done that for her. Iris said, “Tsk, if she had produced it earlier, then how would we have seen that side of you just now? Lauren, you covet the Hunts’ housekeeping rights, yet you can’t even distinguish right from wrong. How can the Hunts’ housekeeping rights be given to you?! You’d better just keep Herman happy instead!” 
Lauren: “!!” 
Her face alternated between being as pale as a sheet and as red as a tomato. In particular, Iris lecturing her from a higher position felt especially unbearable for her. 
She was a mistress-turned-lawful-wife, so her status in the family was low from the start. And now, she had been thoroughly embarrassed by someone else.
She clenched her fists angrily. 
On the other side, Roger immediately said, “Tsk, look at you, Nora. If you had produced the evidence earlier, I would’ve dealt with these two people right away. Alright, since there is now evidence, rest assured that I will drive them out of the house. In addition, no one out there will dare to hire them ever again!” 
After saying this, Roger kicked the two men’s butts and said, “Get lost!” 
He took the two men with him and slipped off with his tail between his legs. 
It was only when he left the garden that he came to a stop. After getting someone to take Greg and Lionel away, he looked at the upper floor. 
Where Justin’s study was, despite curtains blocking the view, he could see a tall and lean figure standing there. 
A sharp look flashed in Roger’s eyes. 
The person next to him asked, “Mr. Roger, what are you looking at?” 
Roger sneered, “I’m looking at that man and wondering why he’s so lucky to find such a smart wife!” 
In the garden. 
After Roger left, the rest of the servants, who had realized what happened, dispersed and returned to their respective posts to work. 
For a while, only the masters of the house were left in the garden. 
A triumphant Cherry was singing praises of Nora to Xander. “Did you see that? Mommy is the most powerful person on earth! No one can escape her clutches once she decides to fight!”
A silent Nora looked at her daughter. She was about to make a dry remark about how Cherry was probably the only one who would talk about her like that when she noticed Xander looking at her with his eyes all bright and shiny. 
Last time, Mommy had defeated those two bodyguards who could kill even Butterscotch, and now, she’d taken revenge for him… 
Xander could only sigh and marvel inwardly: Mommy was simply too amazing! 
Despite his thoughts, though, he didn’t dare to express them. When Nora looked over, he immediately reined in his look of worship and adopted a cool expression again. He grinned and scoffed, “What’s the big deal?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Nora’s lip corners curled into a smile and she said, “Keep calm and carry on.” 
Xander: “?” 
He looked at Cherry blankly. “What does that mean? Is it an idiom?” 
Cherry, however, was very familiar with Internet lingo and memes. The little fellow shook her head and replied, “No, what Mommy means is, these are all small matters to her, so just act normal and don’t be too impressed!” 
Xander: “…” 
Pete: “…” 
As expected, only women understood other women!
While the four of them were talking to one another in low voices, Iris and Lauren had reached the point of dishing out tough talk. 
Lauren stared at Iris. After her expression changed a few times, she finally sneered and said, “Ha, you can’t deal with me by yourself, so you got yourself a helper?” 
Iris was unfazed. “Well, at least I have someone I can ask for help. What about you? What, did the old madam not help you?” 
Lauren: “!” 
Bringing up that topic was no different from stabbing a knife straight into her heart. 
Mrs. Hunt valued status and family background the most. One must know that Iris was a model young lady of a wealthy family, whereas Lauren was just an ordinary person. Therefore, Mrs. Hunt had already disliked her intensely back then. 
This time, even though Mrs. Hunt had taken Herman’s side on the surface, in private, she actually leaned more towards Justin. 
At least, with regard to housekeeping rights, Mrs. Hunt hadn’t made any trouble this time. 
Of course, this also showed that Nora and Justin’s efforts some time ago hadn’t been in vain. The old lady did indeed understand some things now and had become more reasonable. 
Lauren balled up her fingers in anger. A while later, though, she loosened them. She said straight to Iris, “Yes, I may not be valued, but no matter how unvalued I am, at the very least, I won’t impede Herman. But I can’t say the same for you, can I? You’re a vixen with bothersome debts everywhere. You’re the one who brought the Hunts to a point where father and son have turned against each other!
“Iris, if I were you, I would be ashamed to even stay in the Hunt Manor. How come you have the cheek to do so?” 
Her words made Iris choke. Nora, however, immediately retorted, “Tsk, Lauren, we are all women here, why are you victim blaming? Is Aunt Iris at fault just because she’s good-looking? Whereas you’re right because your looks are average? What kind of reasoning is that?” 
“You—!” 
Lauren stretched out her finger and pointed at Nora angrily. But even after a while, she still couldn’t find anything to rebut her with. As such, she could only shout, “Just you wait! The Hunts will be Herman’s sooner or later, and when that happens, all of you will be driven out of the house! And you, cherish your last moments with your son! Philip has already called Herman last night, the two of them are planning to join forces! Let’s see what your outcome will be like in the end!” 
She left immediately after saying that. 
Upstairs. 
Inside Justin’s study. 
The corners of Justin’s lips curled into a smile as he watched Nora stand up for his mother and publicly slap Lauren in the face for her. 
It would be too low-class of him to interfere in the household affairs. He’d better let the women settle their own affairs instead! 
At this moment, his cell phone suddenly rang. 
When he answered, Philip’s voice came from the other side: “Young man, do you admit your mistakes?”.
Justin raised his brows and sat on the sofa. His voice was calm as he said, “No.” 
Philip sneered, “As expected, you really are young and brazen. Do you have any idea what you are about to lose? Without money, even your lover will leave you!” 
Justin replied, “She won’t.” 
Philip sneered, “She won’t? That’s because you’re not there yet. Didn’t your mother leave me back then precisely because she thought I was poor?” 
Justin suddenly said, “No, it’s because you were not worth her trust.” 
If one concealed the fact that they were rich, and continued to test their girlfriend instead of helping her even in her most desperate time of need… 
People like that deserved to lose their girlfriend. 
Philip paused. Then, he said sinisterly, “Very well, you have thoroughly offended me! Young man, do you know the consequences of that?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. 
Of course he did. The consequences were that Philip had lost 45 billion dollars, of course! 
Before he could speak, Philip spoke again. “Do you know who you have offended or not?” 
Justin lay down lazily. “Well, no, I really don’t.” 
His understatement-like tone made Philip choke. It was only a short while later that he finally asked, “… Do you know of the Imperial League?”
###Chapter 734
Chapter 734 What Should Xander’s Last Name Be? 
Justin smiled. “No, I’ve never heard of it.” 
His words seemed to make Philip choke, and even his choice of words became less harsh. He said, “How come you don’t know anything at all, young man? How exactly did you manage to expand the Hunts to their current size? The way I see it, the Smiths should have taken over as the number one family a long time ago!” 
His words gave Justin the illusion that the man seemed to be mentoring him a little. 
Philip continued to speak fiercely. “The Imperial League is the most mysterious business organization in the world. There are twelve members in it, and they each use a different animal as an alias. They can dominate world economy trends because they have the sharpest intuition and they are sensitive enough to discern world development trends and pick up improvements in technology. Some time ago, the Imperial League had said that the real estate market in America will undergo rapid development, so everyone went to America to take their share of the loot. Now, the Imperial League says that the real estate market will go into decline, whereas new energy and technology will usher in all-around development, so everyone is starting to invest in those.” 
At this point, Philip said, “Don’t be mistaken and think that it’s the Imperial League members who are influencing the direction of the world; rather, this is the inevitable trend of social development. The Imperial League is just going along with the trend! But with such a group of forward-looking people in there, our twelve families will never meet with any trouble! We will always be in the leading positions in the world. The Hunts don’t even know about the Imperial League, you’ll be eliminated by society and become out of touch sooner or later! 
“Heh, if you don’t find a way to join the Imperial League, then you can wait to be utterly crushed by me!”
Justin: “…” 
If it had only been an illusion earlier, then he was now sure of it-Philip was pointing him to a way out. 
From beginning to end, Philip had never wanted them dead! 
Justin fell silent for a moment. Suddenly, he spoke, his term of address for Philip also becoming a little more respectful. 
“Uncle Philip, you actually don’t hate my mother at all, do you?” 
His one-liner made Philip choke. 
After a while, he sneered, “How can that be? I hate her with every fiber of my being. For the sake of a mere $80,000, she abandoned me. Ha, in the face of money, our relationship is not worth anything!” 
Justin, however, said, “You could’ve killed me when you kidnapped me back then. Wouldn’t that have pained and saddened my mother even more than separating me from her? Why bother waiting to save me after twelve hours?” 
Philip didn’t speak. 
Justin spoke again. “You were just waiting for my mother to give in and approach you for help. Were you waiting for her to apologize and bow down to you?” 
Philip sneered, “Boy, you talk too much!” 
Justin let out a low laugh and said no more. However, he’d already understood. 
Philip really did love his mother very much.
It was true that Philip also hated his mother, but in the face of love, most of his hatred had been offset. Even though he’d punished his mother like that, he had never wanted to kill her. This showed that he had never really thought of hurting her. 
Perhaps… 
Justin lowered his eyes. He couldn’t help but start wondering. 
When Herman realized the truth back then, if he had protected and defended his wife aggressively instead of giving her away, perhaps Philip would not have been so persistent but chosen to let go instead. 
Because sometimes, the best way of showing one’s love was to let go. 
It must have been Herman’s choice that had made him even angrier and even more disappointed, right? Iris had abandoned him for a man like that! 
When Justin put himself in the other man’s shoes and thought about it, he immediately understood Philip’s indignation and selfish motives back then. Even though he was the one who had caused his family tragedy, in this instant, Justin instead hated Herman even more, not Philip. 
He lowered his head and suddenly asked, “Uncle Philip, do you know what led to your failure back then?” 
Philip was silent for a while. Then, he sneered, “Is a kid like you planning to teach me how to behave?” 
Justin ignored his sarcasm and spoke earnestly. “Love can withstand trials, but it cannot stand being constantly put to the test. You and Mom were in a relationship with each other for three years in college. When you were a poor boy, she had already chosen you. Doesn’t that already show that she isn’t someone who detests the poor and pursues the rich? Yet you still deceived her after that, putting her to the test again and again. That could have only ended in tragedy.”
There hadn’t been any misunderstanding between Philip and Iris. 
What there was between the two of them was just a sense of resignation. 
Back then, Iris’s father had forced her into marrying Herman by threatening to not pay for her mother’s medical treatment. At that time, Iris had tried approaching Philip for help. She had asked him if he had any money, and if he could pay for her mother’s medical expenses for her. 
A person who had been wealthy since he was a child wasn’t something that others could compare to. No matter how hard he pretended to be poor, there would always be traces of his true origin. 
Iris must have suspected it before, right? 
Yet, Philip had taken the opportunity to put her to one last test and made her choose between her mother and him. 
If Iris could abandon even her seriously ill mother for their relationship, then he would never ever distrust her again. 
Unfortunately, Iris did not dare to take any chances in the end. She had chosen her mother. 
Philip suddenly became angry. “Love is the purest thing in this world, it should not be mixed with any kind of interests or impurities! Your mother is a person who shirks her responsibility in love, that’s why she met a man like your father! A man who can’t even withstand a single test!” 
Philip was a very extreme man. 
Justin snorted. “If Mom could only choose one between her mother and her lover, yet she chose you and decided to let my grandma die… How could someone like that even exist?”
“Why not?! Back then, I…” 
Philip pulled the brakes in time at this point. He sneered, “Heh, you think I was in the wrong, right? In that case, what about you? Can your relationship withstand a test?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “I never put such things to the test. Neither do I ever put human nature to the test.” 
“Do you never put it to the test, or are you just afraid of putting it to the test?” Philip provoked him. “Isn’t your current situation exactly a trial? Now that you are in a pinch, how are the Smiths reacting? They must still be showing you full support, right? So, you’re moved? Is that it? Shall we make a bet?” 
Justin smiled. “What kind of bet?” 
“We’ll make a bet on the Smiths’ reaction after you lose! We’ll see if they will let their young lady marry you after you lose! And make a bet on whether your fiancée will still marry you or not!” 
Justin lowered his eyes. “I won’t lose.” 
Philip sneered, “Having confidence is good, but arrogance will only blind oneself. There is no lack of people who are stronger and more powerful than you in this world. Do you think you are already number one in the world just because you’ve flourished the Hunts? You are nothing in front of anyone from the Imperial League!” 
“Thanks for the advice.” 
“Who’s giving you advice?! Justin, I’ll wait for you and Iris to bow down to me. There will come a day when you’ll come begging to me!” 
Philip was probably livid. After saying that, he hung up the phone at once. 
Justin stared at the phone.
His anger towards Philip from before slowly dissipated. 
At this moment, he heard voices from outside. A smile formed on his face and he walked out of the study. As soon as he exited the room, he saw Nora and Iris bringing the three children upstairs. 
At the sight of him, Cherry ran over first. “Daddy!” 
The two boys, Pete and Xander, were more reserved. They walked up to him docilely. Pete said, “Daddy.” 
Xander pursed his lips and muttered unwillingly, “Daddy.” 
Seeing his awkward behavior, Justin squatted down and looked at him at eye-level. He asked, “Xander, can we now change your name?” 
Upon hearing this, Nora knew at once that Justin must have seen everything that happened just now. She curled her lips disdainfully. 
That stinky man was such a sweet-talker. He must have asked her over so that she could help Iris out, ha. 
Despite her thoughts, she looked at Xander with concern. Suddenly, she smiled and suggested, “How about adopting my last name and being a Smith too?” 
Justin didn’t . “Adopting Smith as your last name works too. Xander, I’ve thought of a few names for you. Would you like to test them out?” 
Xander looked at the five faces around him. All of them had concern in their eyes, which made him a little uncomfortable. 
But after he thought about it, he still said, “I don’t want to take Hunt as my last name, lest those people say that I came back to fight for family assets with Pete. Ha, I’m not interested in that bit of assets at all. I will make my own money when I grow up!” 
Justin echoed him. “Uh-huh, so let’s change your last name to Smith?” 
Xander glanced at Nora. Then, he lowered his head and said, “I… I don’t want to take Smith as my last name either.” 
The few of them were surprised. 
Xander rolled his eyes. “Does it really matter what my last name is?” 
Nora thought for a while. “Not really, it seems?” 
“Then that’s it, right?” 
After saying that, Xander turned around and ran straight to his room. After entering, he locked the door from inside. 
The little fellow sighed silently. 
At this moment, his cell phone rang suddenly. When he answered, Trueman’s voice came from the other side: “Hello, Xander, it’s Daddy.”
###Chapter 735
Chapter 735 The Board of Directors! 
Hearing that familiar voice, Xander’s pupils shrank greatly. Yet, a sense of longing suddenly welled up in him, and he said into the phone, “Daddy, I miss you.” 
Even if there really were problems with the way Trueman taught Xander, Xander had ultimately still been brought up by him during the past five years. 
In the Hunt Manor, Xander had to be subjected to so many people’s negative attitudes towards him. It was only with Trueman that he was the one and only person who mattered. 
As soon as he said that, Trueman scoffed and said, “You miss me? Then why don’t you come back? I will arrange for someone to pick you up.” Xander paused. 
Upon seeing his reaction, Trueman said, “See? I knew you wouldn’t come back once you’ve met your real parents! Even though you say that you miss me, your actions say otherwise, because you have already integrated into their family, right?” 
Xander lowered his head. “Daddy, I won’t forget you.” 
But he wasn’t going to go back there anymore. 
From the moment he left the basement, he had never wanted to go back. Besides, he had only thought of going back earlier because of the animals. 
However, Trueman had surprisingly sent them all to him. 
This freed Xander from his last scruples. 
Trueman didn’t force him to return, though. He merely asked, “Have you changed your name?”
Xander replied, “No.” 
“Tsk, considering Justin Hunt’s personality, would he tolerate you having Yale as your last name? I am a villain in their eyes after all. It won’t make you much of a better person if your last name is also Yale!” 
Xander wanted to explain on behalf of Justin, but he said nothing in the end. 
By then, Trueman had already changed the subject. He asked, “How’s your mother?” 
Xander didn’t understand his question, so he answered, “She’s fine. What about it?” 
“… Nothing.” 
Trueman wanted to say more, but someone suddenly knocked on the door-it was Cherry. She called out, “Xander, come on out! It’s time to eat~! The food today smells really delicious! They prepared your favorite chicken drumsticks~” 
Upon hearing this, Xander said to the person on the other end of the phone call, “Daddy, I’m going to eat!” 
After he said that, he hung up right away, opened the door, and ran out. 
In another country. In a dark room somewhere. 
As Trueman listened to the disconnected tone in his cell phone, he muttered, “That brat, how dare he hang up on me? He’s so heartless!” 
Caleb’s amicable voice then rang out. “It’s not like you treat him well either. Now that he has found his real parents, he’s not going to come back for sure.” 
Trueman’s voice rose instantly. “How did I not treat him well? I was even the one who saved his life!”
Caleb sighed. “Yes, okay, you saved him… but after that, you locked him up in the basement. Of course he’s going to be more comfortable there. He needs to lead a normal life too.” 
“Hah.” 
Trueman said sulkily, “Your coughing seems to have eased a lot!” 
Caleb nodded. “Yeah, it got much better after I took the medicine. At the very least, I won’t have to suffer for the next three months. I probably also won’t have to suffer before I leave for good.” 
“You’re such bad luck!” 
. 
After the family of six had lunch, Cherry, Pete, and Xander played together in the living room. The three little guys didn’t have the habit of taking naps but watching them made Nora sleepy. 
Nora, who was staying so that she could spend more time with Xander, leaned against the sofa and watched them. At the same time, she mulled over where her mother would most likely put the V16. 
At this time, Justin sat next to her and sighed. “Xander is still a little estranged from us. We’ll have to spend a lot of time with him to improve that.” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” 
Justin looked at her eagerly. “So, why don’t you just move in and stay here for now?” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and looked at Justin.
Justin immediately made a vow. “I’m really just saying this for the children’s sake. Don’t worry, I won’t harbor any inappropriate thoughts about you!” 
His attitude, which outright revealed everything he wanted to hide, simply rendered Nora speechless. 
The corners of her lips spasmed. When she looked back at the children, she saw that Cherry, Pete, and Xander were all staring at her, as though they were all waiting for her answer. 
Nora pretended to consider the suggestion. 
Cherry immediately said, “Pete, how come other kids’ parents can all live together, but ours can’t? Sigh, we must really be the most pitiful children in the world!” 
Xander asked, “Must everyone’s parents live together? Wouldn’t it be very crowded if they sleep on the same bed?” 
Pete hurriedly interrupted Xander. He said, “But it’s warm when you’re squeezed together. I like to sleep with everyone snuggled up together.” 
After the three children spoke, they continued to look at Nora eagerly. 
Nora: “…” 
She looked away, upon which she saw that Justin was also looking at her. As such, she could only look away again, yet when she did, she saw that even Iris was staring at her from the stairs as if she was eavesdropping on them. 
Nora heaved a silent sigh and said, “Never mind, I’ll just stay here for tonight then!” 
“Yay!”
“That’s awesome!” 
“Mommy, sleep with us tonight!” 
Cherry flailed about and danced with excitement. Although Pete and Xander didn’t say anything, the two boys’ eyes had lit up. It was apparent that they were also very happy. 
Justin’s lips also curled into a smile. 
At this moment, Lawrence strode into the room. When he saw Justin, he said respectfully, “Boss, Mr. Hunt has just proposed holding a board of directors meeting, so that they can re-elect the president of the Hunt Corporation.” 
Justin sneered when he heard Lawrence. Suddenly, he asked, “So, he’s become certain that he has 50% of the total shares?” 
Herman only had 5% of the company’s shares. He also bought some during the last few days at a high price, nearly spending all the money he’d earned abroad. 
Raymond and his family had also expressed their full support for him. With the addition of some other shareholders as well… 
Lawrence smiled. “He has been going around the last few days, so he has likely convinced some of them to take his side. As per your instructions, our men have also agreed to support him, so he is very confident now. Additionally, he has also been going around telling everyone that the Hunt Corporation is a place where only your words go…” 
Justin sneered, “Then let’s see on that day just how many people are really in support of him!” 
Lawrence nodded. Then, he said, “However, it seems like he received a call from Philip today. The latter clearly expressed his support for him, and has also handed over the 5% of company shares he owns…”
Lawrence had a smile on his face when he said this. 
Justin nodded. 
After Lawrence finished reporting all the work matters, he left at once. 
Nora rolled her eyes and immediately understood everything when she saw the two men’s interaction. 
She knew it, there was no way that guy would ever allow himself to become stuck in a disadvantageous situation. He definitely had a plan B lying in wait! 
In order to gauge and evaluate which of the Hunts were disloyal, he was dangling 5% of the shares as bait so that he could clean them all out in one fell swoop! 
He sure knew how to go with the flow. On the surface, he seemed like he was stuck in a difficult situation, but in truth, the whole thing was a trap that he had set up! 
Justin understood at once when he saw the way she was looking at him. He smiled and said, “Don’t worry about me. You can also tell Uncle Ian not to waste any money, I know what I’m doing! You guys don’t have to worry, this situation will be resolved very soon. After all, if the Hunts are in too big a mess, Uncle Ian won’t let you marry me.” 
He was dealing with the Hunt Corporationas well as the Hunts themselves-all for the sake of separating and clearing away the unnecessary and superfluous! 
Since there was garbage that needed to be cleaned up among the Hunts, then that was what he would do. This way, he could also provide Nora, the lazy oaf, with a haven where she could sleep peacefully. 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. Suddenly, she said, “The way I see it, you’re the one who benefits the most from the whole thing!”
Justin chuckled. He was about to admit to it when Nora corrected herself and said, “No, the one who benefited the most is King! He sure is sly and cunning.” 
After all, he’d earned 45 billion dollars for nothing! 
Justin’s lip corners spasmed when he heard the words “sly and cunning”. He cleared his throat. When he was about to speak, Nora said, “Forget it, I won’t talk behind his back anymore. After all, I still have favors to ask of him!” 
She had favors to ask of King? 
Justin frowned. Suddenly, he turned Nora’s shoulders so that she faced him, and he asked, “Why favor do you need from King?”
###Chapter 736
Chapter 736 Sleeping With Mommy 
Nora thought about his question carefully. 
Earlier, she hadn’t told Justin about it because it was forbidden for the members of the Imperial League to reveal anything to outsiders. Should they do so, they would be violating the agreement, and she had always been a very rule-abiding person. 
But since Ian and the others had already brought it up in front of Justin, then Nora felt that there were some things that she could still say. 
She immediately answered, “Old Maddy once told me that if I wanted to fight against the mysterious organization, I must get full support from King.” 
Justin frowned. “Why?” 
Nora shook her head. “He didn’t explain.” 
Justin was puzzled. 
For a moment, he wanted to acknowledge that identity of his, but when he thought of how he couldn’t violate the agreement and reveal his identity to outsiders, he could only keep his silence. Instead, he said, “It shouldn’t be difficult to get his support.” 
Nora nodded. “We’ll see. Just focus on your affairs for now. Meanwhile, I will also think carefully about how exactly I should look for leads about the V16.” 
Clues to the V16 must be hidden among the things that her mother had left her. 
As for where exactly that was, though, she hadn’t figured that out yet.
Justin wanted to say something, but Lawrence had entered again and was reporting to him the current situation in the company. 
At the sight, Nora didn’t speak anymore. 
That night, Nora stayed at the Hunts’. 
After Justin hurriedly finished dealing with the company’s affairs, the restless man’s mind was completely on returning home as quickly as possible. After handing over the company’s affairs to Lawrence, he went home straight away. 
Lawrence couldn’t help but ask Sean, “Is Boss busy with something? Why is he in such a hurry?” 
Sean: “…” 
He kept quiet for a moment. Then, he coughed and answered, “Perhaps, I guess.” 
Their boss’ wife was at the Hunts’, so of course he would be in a hurry! 
As far as he knew, even though their boss and his wife already had kids, they hadn’t truly done it yet? After all, the last time they did it was because someone had plotted against them! 
Lawrence, however, frowned. “This won’t do. He’s having a showdown with Herman in a few days. Going by how irresponsible Boss is being, I think I’d better go over with the documents and look for him again!” 
Sean stared at how earnestly Lawrence was digging his own grave. After a brief silence, he finally said, “If you feel like being sent to some godforsaken place, then go ahead.” 
Lawrence: “?” 
Justin returned to the Hunts’ after he finished dealing with all the matters to do with the board of directors meeting, which would be held in a few days.
By the time he got home, it was already 9 pm. 
According to the children’s timetable, they were supposed to go to bed at this time. Nora would also go to bed with Cherry at this time in the past. 
Therefore, Justin was not surprised at all when he didn’t see her in the living room. He went straight upstairs and entered his bedroom. 
As soon as he entered, he spotted a slender figure lying on the bed. 
Justin was stunned. 
He’d thought that Nora would go to Cherry’s room and sleep with her, so he would have to think of a way to trick her into coming over. 
Unexpectedly, she was being so self-aware this time? 
For a moment there, Justin felt a surge of heat rushing straight into his heart. He suppressed the stirrings in his heart, looked at the woman on the bed, and then went straight into the bathroom. After changing out of his suit, he took a quick bath and then walked out of the bathroom. 
There was a bit of light on the bed when he came out of the bathroom. 
Nora was lying on the bed and looking at her phone-she was actually awake! 
To be honest, Justin had been worried when he was taking a bath just now. If Nora fell asleep again like the other time, then should he wake her up? Or should he wake her up? Or should he wake her up… 
Unexpectedly, the woman was actually waiting for him.
The corners of Justin’s lips curled into an even bigger smile. 
Even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye started to shimmer a little more. As he had just taken a shower, his cheeks were a little more crimson than usual, and his chest was also heaving up and down a little more intensely than usual. 
He slowly walked over to the bed and sat right on the edge of the bed beside Nora. 
The lights in the room were switched off, so the room was dim. The curtains were also fully drawn, and no light could come through. Only the faint night light was shining over. One could see that the person on the bed was indeed Nora. 
Justin observed her for a while. Suddenly, he chuckled softly and asked suggestively, “Are you waiting for me so that we can sleep 
together?” 
“… Uh-huh!” 
Suddenly, a young and tender voice answered him. 
Justin was taken aback. His line of sight went past Nora, where he finally saw Cherry sitting up from underneath the covers. 
Cherry, who was wearing pajamas with a strawberry print, was rubbing her eyes. She said cutely, “Daddy, we are all waiting for you, yeah!” 
The sensitive Justin caught something amiss in her words. He asked, “All?” 
“Yeah!” Cherry pointed to the side. “Pete and Xander are here too!” 
After she spoke, Pete and Xander also sat up from underneath the covers.
Justin: “…” 
As the corners of his lips spasmed, he heard Cherry go on. She said cutely, “A family should lie down neatly side by side together, so let’s sleep together! Daddy, your bed is a little too small, though!” 
The bed in Justin’s room was a king-size bed. 
After all, he was a tall man. 
But now, he suddenly felt like the bed was too big. Otherwise, why would they think that a family of five could fit on one bed? 
Cherry was even making a request. “Daddy, can we custom-make a bed that’s 120 inches wide?” 
“No.” 
Justin refused her request straightaway. Then, he said, “A custom-made bed doesn’t look nice. Besides, with such a big bed, there won’t be enough space in the room.” 
Cherry: “?” 
She, Pete, and Xander stared at the big and spacious 1,080-square-feet bedroom, perplexed as to how there wouldn’t be enough space in the room. 
Justin immediately gave an order. “Therefore, the three of you are to go back to your own rooms now!” 
He spoke very sternly. 
Unfortunately, Cherry was not at all afraid of Justin, who was a slave to his daughter. She refused him straightaway. “No, I don’t wanna!” 
She clung onto Nora and said, “I wanna sleep with Mommy!”
Pete said, “I want to sleep with Mommy too.” 
Xander also said, “I also want to sleep with Mommy.” 
Justin: “…” 
When he wanted to reply, Nora said, “You guys promised that you would fall asleep within five minutes. Four minutes have already passed.” 
As soon as she said that, the three little fellows lay down in unison, covered themselves with the quilt, and closed their eyes obediently. 
Justin looked at the three children, and then glanced at Nora, who was already yawning. Right away, he knew that once the three children fell asleep, the woman would probably also fall asleep along with them. 
What else could he do, though? 
He could only sit there quietly and stare at the few of them on the bed. 
It was already late in the night. 
Although Nora’s eyes were closed, she was listening to the three children’s breathing. 
When their breathing gradually steadied, it meant that they had finally fallen asleep. 
Ha, they promised that they would fall asleep in five minutes, yet they took ten minutes to fall asleep. At last, she could finally sleep in peace now! 
The thought had only just formed in Nora’s mind when someone suddenly lifted the quilt. The next moment, a scalding-hot body slipped under the covers. 
“Nora, the children have fallen asleep. It’s time that we do some adult things…”
###Chapter 737
Chapter 737 Nora VS Justin: Who’s The Winner? 
Nora was not a little girl anymore. In fact, she had already given birth to three children. She might not have ever really gone into “battle” with a clear mind, but even if she had never actually done it for real, it wasn’t like she was unaware of the process. 
Moreover, the 25-year-old majored in medicine and practically knew the structure of the human body inside out. As such, she was even more familiar than most with regard to the matter. 
At the bottom of it all, it was nothing but one’s physiology making mischief. Justin’s pheromones were just being excessively released… Ahem, never mind, she must be over-thinking it. 
While Nora’s imagination was running wild, the man’s large hand was started wandering all over her body. 
Nora’s nerves—which had always been dull and dense-turned sensitive at this moment. Although she was very sleepy, her mind became exceptionally excited. 
In the dark. 
She stared at Justin-the man had already flipped the quilt open and slipped under the covers. 
Because the children were present, his movements were very light. The two shared a quilt, and his burning hot body gradually warmed Nora’s slightly cold one. 
A sense of restlessness slowly spread throughout her entire body. 
Seeing that she wasn’t rejecting him, the man lowered his head and kissed her on the lips gently. After giving her a peck on the lips, seeing that she still wasn’t responding, the man pecked her on the lips a
second time, then the third time… until Nora, who found his kisses ticklish, parted her lips and bit his lip. 
Justin took the opportunity to deepen the kiss. 
He barged into her territory savagely and went on a rampage. In this instant, the man looked totally different from his usual self… 
This was the first time Nora was feeling how strong the man was, as well as also the first time she was feeling the terrifying aura around him that seemed to want to swallow her whole. 
Her cheeks gradually turned scarlet during the kiss. As her eyes remained closed, Justin gradually took control of the rhythm. Then… The man’s callused fingertips roughly rubbed against her skin. Wherever he touched, it was as though an electric current was going through her, giving her a tingly and relaxed feeling 
At some point in time, her pajamas had already come off… 
The two finally faced each other without anything in between them. 
In the dimly lit room, both Justin and Nora’s breathing had become heavy. 
The two stared into each other’s eyes. At last, they had come to the last stage… 
Justin stared at her, his voice a little hoarse. “Nora, are you ready?”. 
Nora kept quiet for a while. Then, she answered, “Yeah.” 
After she uttered the word, when Justin was about to take the last step, a young voice suddenly reached them. 
Xander asked, “What are Daddy and Mommy doing?”
Cherry replied, “They are probably sparring. Daddy asked Mommy if she’s ready, right? So they are probably about to fight each other! After all, Mommy has always wanted to beat Daddy in a fight!” 
“Huh? Can Mommy beat Daddy? Shall we help?” 
“I don’t think so, both of them are experts. It’s just that I don’t know who is stronger… Xander, let’s make a bet, whoever loses will play as support in the game! I’ll bet on Mommy!” 
“Then I’ll bet on Daddy!” 
Cherry gave Pete, who was sleeping in the middle, a push. She asked, “Pete, who are you gonna bet on?” 
Pete: “…” 
He didn’t speak. After two seconds of silence in the room, Cherry spoke again. “Pete?” 
Pete replied, “… I’m asleep.” 
Among the three little fellows, Cherry knew nothing about the relationship between men and women, and even often pretended to be a boy for fun. Xander was even more uninformed about such things. Although he had a high IQ and picked up things very quickly, he had ultimately still been living in and grown up in a basement all this time, so he didn’t understand anything at all. 
Only Pete vaguely understood something. Even so, he didn’t quite understand either. All he knew was that his parents had to sleep together before they could have children… As to how exactly the process went, he didn’t quite understand. 
But it was as clear as day that Daddy and Mommy were making younger siblings for them at the moment! 
So, what were those two idiots disrupting them for?
How was anyone supposed to fight under the covers? They wouldn’t be able to move with ease at all, okay?! 
Pete heaved a deep sigh inwardly. Before he could figure things out, Cherry said, “Quit bluffing me, Pete. How would you be able to talk if you’re asleep? Who are you gonna bet on? Bet on Mommy! Mommy is the most powerful!” 
Pete: “…” 
He silently opened his eyes, turned his head along with Cherry and Xander, and looked at Nora and Justin, who were sharing a quilt. 
Suddenly, Cherry flipped open her quilt and said, “Mommy, how’s the fight with Daddy going? I’ll come over and help you!” 
As she spoke, she made a move to burrow under Nora’s covers. 
“Stop!” 
Fortunately, Nora stopped her in time. She said, “We’ll be done right away. Just give us a moment.” 
Cherry’s big eyes were opened wide as she looked at Nora. She replied obediently, “Okie-dokie!” 
Thus, the couple under the covers started to move, making rustling sounds as they did. Piece by piece, they put their clothes back on the same way they took them off just now. 
After they were dressed, Nora shot a glare at Justin. 
Her cheeks were crimson, and she felt like she had broken out in a cold sweat from fright! 
Then, she found her actions just now simply too absurd. What was she doing with Justin when the children were sleeping right next to them?!
In contrast, Justin the scumbag looked absolutely calm and collected as he flipped the quilt open and got out of bed. 
Cherry looked at them. “Who won?” 
Justin chuckled. “Your mom did.” 
“Yay!” 
Cherry cheered with a grin and looked at Xander excitedly. She said, “You’ll have to play as support tomorrow-” Although the support role was important, the little fellows all preferred to lead and play as heroes instead. Thus, Xander replied very reluctantly, “… Alright, I guess.” 
After the three of them finished speaking, they all looked at Nora again. “Mommy, Daddy, are you guys gonna continue fighting?” 
Nora buried her head into the covers and said in a muffled voice, “No, we’re not. Go to sleep!” 
Cherry also lay down obediently. “Okie-dokie! Mommy, if you guys fight again, be sure to inform us so that we can watch, okie-?” 
Xander also hurriedly said, “Yeah! I wanna win next time! Daddy, fight harder next time!” 
Nora really didn’t feel like speaking anymore. She merely asked, “Didn’t you guys already fall asleep just now?!” 
Cherry replied, “Uh-huh, but we were woken up by your fight-“ 
II
Nora’s cheeks turned even redder. Fortunately, it was nighttime, otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to show her face at all! It seemed that their movements just now had indeed been a little too loud. 
She covered herself with the quilt, turned over, and went to sleep! 
Even if someone held a knife to her neck tonight, she Wasn’t! Going! To! Wake! Up! Again! 
Justin: “…” 
He looked down at his trousers. He had no choice but to turn around and enter the bathroom. 
Cherry asked softly, “Daddy, where are you going?” 
“I’m going to take a bath!” 
“But didn’t you already take one just now?” 
“I was defeated by your mother, so I need to take another cold shower to calm myself down.” 
“Daddy, it’s not shameful to lose to Mommy.” 
In the end, it was Pete who spoke. He said, “Cherry, shut up and go to sleep!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
The next day, by the time Nora woke up, the three children had already gone downstairs. She checked the time, it was ten o’clock. 
She stretched. At this moment, Justin quietly pushed open the door. When he found that her eyes were open, he walked in.
Nora asked hesitantly, “Why aren’t you at the office?” 
Justin’s eyes were a bit red as he stared at her, much like a wolf whose prey was right beside its mouth, yet it hadn’t eaten it. There was a savage ruthlessness in them. 
He coughed and replied, “Oh, there’s no difference even if I work from home.” 
“Aren’t you busy?” 
Nora stretched and sat up. 
Justin rejected the call from the vibrating cell phone in his pocket. “No, I’m not.” 
After speaking, he took a step forward. “Nora, the children are downstairs…” 
Practically right after he spoke, there was a knock at the door. Xander called out, “Daddy, is Mommy awake? Are you guys going to fight 
again?” 
Justin: “” 
Nora: “?!! 
“Really?! Really?!” 
Cherry also came over. 
Justin stood up straight, took a deep breath, and reluctantly opened the door. 
Nora could only go to the bathroom to wash up.
After they went downstairs and had a simple breakfast, the three children played with one another. Nora went to the study, intending to study something. 
Not long after she entered the study, Justin walked in with a plate of cut fruits. There was a ravenous look in his eyes as he asked, “Fruits, Nora?” 
Nora: “…” 
The look in his eyes made Nora panic. 
But she could understand his feelings very well! 
After all, a wolf would still be able to bear with its hunger if its prey was out of its sight. However, if the prey was right next to its mouth, then how would it be able to endure it? 
Besides, she indeed also found it a bit of a shame that things hadn’t worked out the night before. 
She raised her eyebrows and stood up. With a teasing look in her eyes, she replied, “I don’t want fruits. I want you.” 
Justin’s breathing suddenly turned heavy. 
To be honest, his level of desire in this respect had always been very low. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been single for so many years. After all, with a position like his, if he really had such needs, there was a long line of women waiting for him. 
However, he wasn’t interested in any of them. 
Nora was the only one he had taken a fancy to.
This was especially the case when the woman was going back and forth right in front of him. Coupled with how he had almost swallowed her down, bones and all, the night before, the itch in his heart had become even harder to bear. 
He couldn’t work at all that day. When he looked at the reports, all that flashed in his mind was the way she had looked the night before. 
He could even feel the touch of her skin lingering on his palm… Justin felt that he would go crazy if he held back any longer. 
But just as he started striding forward, another knock came from the door. Then, Xander called out, “Daddy, are you about to fight with Mommy? Come on, you must win today! I don’t wanna play as support anymore!” 
II 
Justin’s momentum immediately weakened. 
“Pft.” 
Seeing his reaction, at last, Nora couldn’t hold back anymore. She couldn’t help laughing out loud. 
Her laughter made Justin’s dark pupils turn even more resentful. 
The aggression in the man’s eyes slowly dissipated, ultimately turning into a look of resignation. 
Xander had just joined the family, so he mustn’t keep the boy outside. If he did, it would cause negative thoughts to form in the child. 
He went out and started to comfort Xander.
Justin sat on the sofa dejectedly. As he watched the three little fellows playing in front of him, all he could feel was dejection and a sense of defeat. 
He had never felt this way even when he encountered troubles in business. 
When he was sighing in silence, he saw Nora coming down the stairs with a coat on. 
When Cherry saw her, she asked, “Mommy, are you going out to work?”. 
“Yeah, there’s something I need to do at the hospital.” 
After Nora spoke, she glanced at Justin and went out. 
Justin leaned lazily on the sofa. As he listened to the sound of the car starting outside, he couldn’t help sighing. 
That woman was really heartless! 
The thought had only just formed when his cell phone beeped. 
He picked it up and looked down to see that Nora had sent him an address. 
Justin was taken aback. Then, he saw a text message from Nora: 
“This is a villa I bought in suburban New York.’ 
Then, she sent a GIF of a woman with heavy makeup on holding a tiny handkerchief and waving it at him. 
Justin stared at it for a while. Suddenly, something clicked in his head.
He stood up abruptly, his eyes all lit up. 
“Daddy, where are you going?” 
Cherry asked again. 
Justin strode out of the house. “I’m going to work.” 
To be honest, with regard to her relationship with Justin, Nora had actually long felt that the conditions were already ripe. 
Taking the final step was only a matter of time. 
She parked the car, entered the villa, and then reached her arm out behind her to close the door. But before she could close it, a pair of big hands held the door open. 
Justin then walked in and closed the door. “With this, no one can disturb us anymore.” 
Right after he said that, he held her waist firmly, pulling her straight into his arms…
###Chapter 738
Chapter 738 Justin Is Short of Money? 
On this day, on the outskirts of New York, an amorous and suggestive atmosphere filled Nora’s entire villa. 
A full and satisfied Mr. Hunt held Nora in his arms, his fingers stroking her back again and again. On his countenance was a look of contentment that had never been there before. 
His dark eyes were so deep and bottomless that no one would dare to look into them. When one glanced at them, it was as if they were looking at the deep and boundless starry sky. The man asked hoarsely, “Nora, are you sleepy?” Nora was a little tired, though for once, she was surprisingly not very sleepy. She pushed Justin away and got up. The quilt slid down her fair skin. 
She was very fair, which made the numerous marks and love-bites on her body look a little alarming as if she had been abused. At the sight, the look in Justin’s eyes deepened again. 
However, Nora quickly put on her clothes. She pulled her hair behind her and said, “I’m not sleepy. Let’s go back.” 
Justin sighed silently and leaned against the headboard. In this instant, he really felt like having a post- lovemaking cigarette, but as a doctor, Nora would undoubtedly hate the smell of cigarette smoke, so he suppressed the urge and said, “I don’t feel like leaving.” 
Nora ignored him and continued to put on her clothes. After she was dressed, she started to walk out. “Then I will go first. You can go home later.” 
Justin: “…” 
Why did it feel like the two of them were having some kind of clandestine affair? To the extent that they had to go home at different timings to avoid suspicion?
The corners of his lips spasmed as he flipped the quilt aside and stood up as well. 
Nora had already gotten dressed in a clean and swift manner and was walking toward the exit. Her legs were still a little soft. 
When she thought of the position they had taken just now, she silently took a deep breath. From the looks of it, it seemed that she should exercise more in the future and stop slacking off. She hadn’t expected it to be this tiring! 
On the other hand, true to what Quinn had said, it was apparent that Justin had indeed been training very diligently every day. Thus, his physical fitness was obviously better than hers. 
That guy had also exhausted a lot of his stamina just now, yet he looked perfectly fine and was even in good spirits. 
Thinking of this, Nora pursed her lips. 
Were the two of them really going to waste so much energy on such unnecessary competition against each other, and end up exhausting each other out? 
She sighed silently and quickened her pace, for fear that staying there would make her develop thoughts of reducing her sleeping time by half an hour for exercise. 
Justin put on his pajamas. He was planning to chat with Nora for a while, but the sound of the door closing instead came from the door. Then, the car started outside. When he walked over to the balcony, he saw that Nora had already slipped away in the car. 
Justin: “….” 
He sighed silently again.
At this time, his cell phone rang-it was Lawrence. 
“Boss, everything has been settled. I need you to put on a show and play along with the performance now.” 
The situation with the Hunt Corporation shares was at a critical juncture, and Herman was very actively running around in the company at the moment. It probably wouldn’t be very appropriate for Justin to behave too calmly at this time. 
Lawrence said, “I bought you an air ticket for a flight tonight. Would you like to go abroad for a vacation for the time being?” 
Justin: “?” 
He raised his eyebrows, knowing what Lawrence meant. 
Justin was one of the people standing at the pinnacle of the country. Now that he had encountered a problem, he would undoubtedly have to seek help from some of his foreign business partners. Lawrence was asking him to pretend to go overseas to seek help so that they could bluff Herman and a few certain people among the Hunts. 
This was to prevent some people, who knew him too well and were apprehensive of his mighty reputation, from becoming too scared to come out and make trouble upon seeing his overly-calm reaction. If that happened, how was he going to nab all of them in one fell swoop? 
But… 
Justin coughed. “Okay, get Sean to impersonate me and leave the country.” 
Lawrence was taken aback. “Would that really work?”
Justin nodded. “Yeah, we’ll do just that.” 
By the time he said that, he had already gone downstairs. He went to the kitchen and took a look, upon which he found that the villa was obviously frequently cleaned. 
However, there was nothing to eat in the fridge. 
Thus, he said, “Buy some food and send it here.” 
Then, he gave Lawrence the address. 
Lawrence asked, “… Mr. Hunt, are you hiding a secret lover?” 
Hiding a secret lover? 
Justin, who found his words interesting, smiled and chuckled. “Just do as I say and send it over. What are you asking so much nonsense for?” 
“Okay.” 
Half an hour later, Lawrence entered the villa with a bag of food in his hand. Then, he took a look around the area. Before he left, he even asked, “Does Ms. Smith know that you’re staying here?” 
Justin kicked him out the door. 
After Nora returned to the Hunts, she played with the three kids for a while. 
Soon, it got dark outside and it was time for dinner. However, Justin didn’t come back. 
Nora picked up her cell phone to send him a text message and ask about it. But in the end, before she could send the message, Brenda walked into the house. 
As soon as she entered, she asked solemnly, “Nora, tell me the truth, is Justin in need of money?”
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What’s wrong?” 
While she spoke, she typed a few words on the phone and sent a message out: “Aren’t you coming back for dinner?” 
Brenda looked right and left before she finally leaned towards her. “Nora, I just got the news that Justin has gone abroad to raise money! He plans to buy 5% of the company’s shares at a high price! But he actually doesn’t have any money left. Once news of this spreads, it will definitely throw people into a panic!” 
Nora: “?” 
Justin needed money? 
Then why didn’t he say so? Although she was very poor and only had 75 million dollars, at least the Smiths could produce billions of dollars at any time without a problem… 
While she was thinking about it, Cherry asked, “Is Daddy very short of money?” 
Brenda looked at her and sighed. “Seems that 
way.” 
Cherry said, “Then why don’t I ask my grandaunt for some money for Daddy? My grandaunt can lend quite a few hundred!” 
Brenda propped her chin on her hands. “What’s the use of a few hundred?” 
“Aunt Brenda, do you know what I mean by a few ‘hundred’?”
“Hundreds of thousands of dollars? But a few hundred thousand dollars won’t be enough either. I already have a few hundred thousand dollars here. I have been playing too hard all these years, and on top of that, I like to shop a lot… Some time ago, I bought around a hundred handbags during Black Friday sales… There’s still time for me to return them. Nora, why don’t you lend me some money? So that I can pay the balance and return them to save the money for Justin instead.” 
While Brenda was prattling away, Cherry sighed silently and said, “My grandaunt’s money comes hundreds of millions of dollars.” 
Brenda: “…” 
Flabbergasted, she stared at Cherry for a while. Then, she sighed. “Cherry, you mustn’t brag like that. Whose company has hundreds of millions of working capital?!” 
After she spoke, she looked at Nora again. “Nora, I called Justin just now, but he has already switched off his phone. He’s on the plane right now, so we won’t be able to contact him.” 
As she spoke, Nora’s cell phone vibrated and Justin’s text message reached her: “I won’t be able to come back for the next few days. I’m someone who’s supposed to be on a plane to another country right now.” 
Nora: “…” 
She blinked and looked at Brenda again. “Did you say that Justin is on a plane?”
###Chapter 739
Chapter 739 Catching The Adulterous Couple? 
Brenda lowered her head and took a glance. “Yeah, he should be on the plane right now. Nora, if Justin calls you after the plane lands, tell him that… If he needs me to sacrifice myself and enter a political marriage for his sake, just say the word.” 
Nora: “…” 
Brenda touched her face, her lips curling up into a charming smile. “After all, given my looks, I’m still worth a bit of money, aren’t I?” 
“… Okay.” 
With her head lowered, Nora continued to send messages to Justin: ‘So, where are you now?’ 
Justin sent her a set of GPS coordinates. 
Before Nora even opened them, she realized that those were the coordinates for the villa she’d taken him to earlier that day. 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she heard Brenda asking, “Nora, who are you messaging?” 
“No one in particular.” Nora was not a very good liar, so she calmly changed the subject. “Who do you want to marry?” 
Brenda became a little troubled at once. “I haven’t made up my mind yet.” 
Nora thought that she didn’t want to get married, so she was about to talk her out of it when the woman sighed and said, “The York boy is a little puppy while the one from the Shaws is a little wolfhound. As for
the Smiths, we already have you, so I’m not needed there anymore. Otherwise, the Smith boys would also suffice since they are pretty good-looking. What a real dilemma this is!” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. Next to her, Cherry echoed Brenda. “Yeah, Aunt Brenda, what a real dilemma this is! It’s so hard to choose! Can’t you marry all of them? Can’t a woman marry several men?” 
Brenda: “?” 
Nora: “?” 
“Pft!” 
Brenda couldn’t help but laugh. “Cherry, what a wonderful idea you have! I am saving money right now so that I can take care of many young men in the future!” 
Cherry’s eyes widened. “I see! Once you have money, you can take care of many young men at once!” 
“….” 
Nora felt that there was a high chance Brenda would lead the little girl astray if she stayed here any longer, so she immediately started pushing Brenda towards the door. “Okay, okay, hurry up and go out!” 
After speaking, she came back and had dinner with the three children. 
At night. 
Nora slept with the three children. For once, though, she actually had insomnia after the children fell asleep. She picked up her cell phone and saw Justin had sent her a message: “The food abroad is pretty good, do you want some? I’ll treat you to lunch tomorrow?” 
Then came a photo he sent.
It was a photo of a steak. 
Nora had never cared much about what she ate, but when she saw the photo, she actually wanted to eat it. 
She replied: ‘Did you cook that?’ 
‘Yes. So, is Ms. Smith willing to come over and have a taste tomorrow?’ 
Nora smiled and replied: ‘Depends on whether I have time tomorrow.’ 
Despite saying that, she put down her phone and turned to look at the three babies who were on the same bed as her. 
No matter how naughty the three little fellows were when they were awake, they would always be cute and innocent once they were asleep. All of them were sprawled on the bed with their arms and legs spread out. The sight of them lined up in a row made one feel exceptionally blissful. 
Nora kissed Xander’s cheek before she finally lay down. 
The night passed peacefully. 
Soon, it was dawn. When Nora woke up, the three little fellows had already gotten dressed and gone downstairs to play. 
Since Xander’s return, Cherry had stopped going to kindergarten. The three of them played together every day. 
In order to have Xander relax and integrate into the family as soon as possible, neither Nora nor Justin had forced her. After all, Cherry was the family’s bundle of joy.
After breakfast, Nora left the house and headed to the suburban villa. 
In the villa, she had lunch with Justin and then took a nap. Nora didn’t leave the villa until 5 PM when she got ready to go home and have dinner with the children. 
She couldn’t wake up in the morning, so she didn’t have breakfast with the children. 
Since she was with Justin for lunch, then she would definitely have to be with the children at night. 
For two days in a row, that was how Nora spent her time. 
This continued until the third day, when she went out as usual at noon. 
When her car disappeared from the parking lot, Lauren held Mrs. Hunt’s arm and walked out of the house with Iris. The three of them looked into the distance. Then, they got into the car and instructed the chauffeur, “Follow her!” 
The chauffeur followed Nora to the suburban villa. 
The chauffeur stopped the car at the side of the road a distance away. From there, they could smell a fragrance coming from the villa after Nora drove in, as if the occupants were cooking 
Mrs. Hunt was pulling a very long face. 
was 
Lauren paused. Then, she sneered and said, “Here I was, thinking that the relationship between Ms. Smith and Justin was really that good! Haha, Justin has only been abroad for two days, yet she is already lonely? To think she has found another man outside!” 
Iris said, “No, Nora would never do that. She is not that kind of a person…”
“If not, then can you tell me who it is inside?” Lauren spoke aggressively. “Surely it can’t possibly be Justin, right? Are you saying that the great president of the company is cooking for someone else in there? And being kept hidden like a secret lover? I’ve already checked—this villa belongs to the Smiths! In other words, this villa is Nora Smith’s!” 
Iris: “…” 
Mrs. Hunt’s expression turned even darker. “The audacity of her! I didn’t think that Nora would actually do something like this! She has utterly shamed the Smiths and the Hunts!” 
After she spoke, she looked straight at the chauffeur and instructed, “Drive over! I want to see which part about the man inside is better than Justin that she would actually abandon Justin and look for someone else outside!” 
The chauffeur: “…” 
Iris rejected the order. “This is Nora’s privacy. It’s not appropriate for us to go over and disrupt their peace right now!” 
Lauren lowered her head and said, “Iris, what do you mean by that? We are doing this all for Justin’s sake! I have already noticed during the past few days that she goes out at a fixed time every day. Additionally, when she comes back, her face is visibly rosy. Hah, has she become bored with Justin just because he doesn’t have money anymore? Now, that won’t do, the Hunts mustn’t have a daughter-in-law like that!” 
Her words brainwashed Mrs. Hunt even further. She immediately said, “Yes, go in at once and see who exactly Nora is fooling around with! The Hunts will never tolerate such a daughter-in-law!!”
###Chapter 740
Chapter 740 Beat Her at Her Own Game 
Iris stared at Lauren and said, “This doesn’t mean that Nora has a boyfriend!” 
Lauren smiled and said, “It can’t be Justin inside, can it? He’s overseas and he’s been gone for two days. I’ve observed her. When she goes out every day, her face is abnormally red! Why? You’ve been pure of heart for so many years. Don’t you even know the basics?” 
Iris’s face turned red. 
Mrs. Hunt’s fingers trembled in anger. 
She pointed at the door. “This woman, how can she treat Justin like this?! How can she?! Where’s Justin? I’ll call him immediately. How can she dare to cheat on him?!” 
With that, Mrs. Hunt took out her phone and prepared to call Justin. 
However, before she could press her hand down, Iris grabbed her hand and shouted, “Mom!” 
After shouting this, she bit her lip and finally hardened her heart. “Mom, Justin is very busy at the moment. Let’s not disturb him! Besides, so what if he finds out? Can he still cut ties with the Smiths?!” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. 
Iris decided to make things clear. “Are you on Herman’s side?” 
Mrs. Hunt hesitated. 
She had watched both her son and grandson grow up.
Moreover, her grandson was indeed more suitable to take over the Hunts than her son. Although she had helped her son clarify the will that day, it was still the will left by Old Master. 
In her heart, she really did not like Lauren’s behavior. Furthermore, as a woman, she also felt disdain for her son for abandoning his wife. 
Mrs. Hunt had always been high and mighty. Previously, she did not like Nora because she had grown up in the countryside. She was afraid that she would be petty like one from a small household and would not be suitable for the status of the Hunts. 
Now, she understood. 
Justin was filled with internal and external trouble. 
Herman was watching him from the inside while Philip was targeting from the outside. At this moment, his grandson had already gone overseas to prepare the funds. If he knew about Nora, would he cut ties with the Smiths? Or would he tolerate it? 
If he cut ties with the Smiths, he would have no power to compete at all! 
But to endure it? 
How sad would a proud person like her grandson be?! 
Mrs. Hunt’s eyes turned red from anger. Her entire body trembled as she pointed at the villa. “Then here, here…” 
Lauren tried to persuade her. “Mom, go in and take a look. What if we’ve misunderstood Miss Smith? Besides, with her behavior, she’s not fit to be our Hunts’ daughter-in-law! Let’s go in and catch the adulterer?” 
Iris sighed. “There are still three children…”
Three children… 
When she thought of Pete and Cherry’s innocence and cuteness, Mrs. Hunt’s heart softened even more. 
She took a deep breath and suppressed it. She instructed the chauffeur, “Take us home!” 
Lauren was indignant and continued to urge, “Mom, isn’t this inappropriate? How can our Hunts suffer like this? Let’s go in and take a look!” 
Mrs. Hunt glared at Lauren and turned to get into the car. After getting into the car, she saw that Lauren still looked indignant. She gritted her teeth and said, “Get in!” 
With that, her gaze fell on the villa again. 
Lauren did not dare to disobey her. She could only follow Iris into the car. 
Lauren was still fuming. “Mom, are we just going to let her do this? Then we’re too aggrieved. Is our family going to be bullied like this?” 
After the car started, the more the old madam thought about it, the more aggrieved she felt. She said, “It’s okay. Wait until Justin gets through this! With his personality, he definitely won’t tolerate her!” 
IIII 
Lauren rolled her eyes. He was still going to get through this? 
Herman was also full of confidence and planned to wait for Justin to personally hand over the Hunts’ power! 
The car arrived at the Hunt Manor very quickly.
After getting out of the car, Iris went to Justin’s villa worriedly. Lauren looked around and followed behind her. She saw the butler holding a photo and saying something to Iris… 
Coincidentally, the photo was seen by Lauren. It was a photo of Nora entering the villa. 
She leaned closer and heard Iris say, “Suppress the news. Give that reporter more money and tell her not to write nonsense outside!” 
“Yes.” 
The butler went out. Iris turned around and saw Lauren. 
Lauren smiled sarcastically. “Why? Are you still helping your daughter-in-law hide the truth? Justin is really promising! Is he planning to live off his wife after being chased out of the house?” 
Iris frowned and stared at her. “It’s not certain who will be kicked out yet. Don’t be too full of yourself!” 
Iris turned around and entered the villa. 
As soon as she entered the villa, the worry on Iris’s face disappeared. She looked out of the door and saw Lauren turn around and leave in the distance. Then, she took out her phone and sent a message to Nora. “It’s done.” 
She was being followed, and not by an expert either. After all, the people Lauren hired were all unprofessional. If Nora was followed by a person like Morris, it would be difficult to detect. However, against an ordinary person, how could Nora not have noticed? 
She could not be bothered to take a detour and shake them off to prevent Lauren and the others from misunderstanding. Therefore, she simply went to the suburban villa.
Anyway, no one would have thought that the man inside the villa was Justin. 
After all, Justin’s personality was so domineering, it was impossible for him to do such a thing 
After a few days, Lauren did show up and called Iris and Mrs. Hunt to catch the couple. 
Iris decided to play along with them. 
Of course, Mrs. Hunt and the others could not have entered the villa. Even if Iris did not persuade Mrs. Hunt to leave, she would not have been able to enter. 
Now… Lauren and the others would probably relax even more! 
She was right. 
When Lauren returned home, she went straight to Herman and was reporting to him. “Justin is definitely at the end of his rope! Otherwise, Nora wouldn’t dare to do this so openly. The Smiths must have thought that he has no chance of winning, that’s why they dared to do such a thing. Tsk, at the critical moment, even his fiancée betrayed him!” 
Herman did not like to see her smug face. He sneered. “Heh, she dares to betray Justin now. Let’s see what she’ll do when her family’s assets are handed to Justin!” 
As soon as he said this, Lauren said, “He might not even want anything! Besides, why do you have to return everything to him?” 
Herman glared at her. “Who else can I give it to besides my son? At the end of the day, it’s all your fault for being useless! You couldn’t even give birth to a son for me all these years!” 
Lauren was instantly rendered speechless.
Did Herman hate Justin? 
Not necessarily. 
After all, how could there be a father who has no feelings for his child? 
Back then, he had chosen to take a different path and his son felt that he was wrong and even criticized him. Now, Herman wanted to prove that he was not wrong! 
He wanted him to see how difficult Philip was to deal with. He wanted him to experience failure and pressure and understand his decision back then. 
As for Iris… he had no choice but to give her to Philip. 
At the thought of this, Herman picked up the document again. 
Lauren suddenly came to his side. As she massaged his shoulder, she said, “Herman, I still think something’s wrong. Justin has been managing the family for so many years, so how could he say no? Furthermore, he’s clearly giving you 5% of the shares. Isn’t he digging his own grave?” 
Herman sneered. “He’s too young and thinks that even without that 5%, there are still shareholders he can rely on. But he doesn’t know that no one will stand with him in the face of benefits! This time, I gave up so many benefits to win the support of those old men. Heh, I’m going to give him a lesson for messing with Philip and let him know that there’s always a sky beyond the sky!” 
When Lauren heard this, she heaved a sigh of relief. Then, she revealed an excited and smug expression. 
The board of directors meeting would be held the day after tomorrow. At that time, Justin would step down, and she would completely suppress Iris.
The winner was the king, and everyone else was the loser. When the time came, she would only be Madam Hunt. No one would remember she was a mistress.
###Chapter 741
Chapter 741 Board Meeting Tomorrow! 
In the villa in the suburbs. 
Nora stood by the window and watched as the car in the distance left. She pursed her lips and turned around to sit at the dining table. 
In front of him was lunch prepared by Justin. The steak had been cut into small pieces and there was also soup. It looked incongruous. 
However, Nora did not care at all. She picked up the soup and took a sip. She commented, “Yesterday’s soup was salty. It’s just nice today.” 
“Yes, this means that I still have the talent to cook.” 
Justin had a smile on his face. After saying that, he scooped another bowl for her. 
Nora looked at him and praised, “It’s been hard on you, cooking is so difficult. You don’t have to keep doing it. I’ll get someone to cook for you.” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “Is it difficult? Why do I feel it’s quite simple?” 
“Simple?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and continued, “Do you know? I have cooked three times in my life.” 
Justin was very interested and smiled. “Oh, which three times?” 
Nora took a bite of the steak and felt that it was not satisfying. Justin had cut it into pieces too tiny. She used the fork to cut five or six pieces and stuffed them into her mouth. After chewing twice and
swallowing, she said, “The first time I cooked was overseas. At that time, Cherry was one year old. I wanted to cook her a bowl of egg soup.” 
Justin asked, “And?” 
“I took salt for sugar and steamed it until it was too soft. When I fed it to Cherry, she kept vomiting.” 
“Hahahaha!” Justin rarely laughed so carelessly. He seemed very cheerful when he laughed. 
“I did not give up and cooked again. But I forgot to turn off the fire and burnt the bottom of the pot. Fortunately, I was fine. However, my youngest aunt ordered me never to cook again.” 
Nora sighed helplessly. “But I didn’t give up. I went into the kitchen for the third time and burned it all down. Forget it. I might not have any talent for cooking.” 
Justin watched as she described her talent seriously and laughed non-stop. “You’re the mighty Anti, the number one doctor of alternative medicine, an international racer, a hacker, and Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts. You’re outstanding in all fields, but you don’t know how to cook!” 
Nora rolled her eyes. “Geniuses are not omnipotent.” 
Justin was tired from smiling. “It’s okay. I’ll cook in the future.” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora saw that he was laughing so hard. She ate the beef ruthlessly again and chewed hard. She would treat it as chewing this dog man. 
What was so funny? 
What was wrong with her only having cooked thrice or burning a kitchen down?
On the fourth day. 
The board of directors meeting was tomorrow, and the atmosphere in the Hunt Manor became serious. 
Furthermore, even the weather seemed to have sensed something. There was a sudden cold wind. 
It was even beginning to snow in the entire region. 
When Nora woke up in the morning, she felt the cold outside and wrapped the blanket tightly around her. Then, she sneezed. The door was pushed open and Cherry ran in. Her little nose was red from the cold. “Mommy, Mommy, the heater is here!” 
Nora felt the coldness in the air and frowned. “Where’s the heater?” 
Cherry said, “The temperature dropped today. Uncle Butler said that the entire manor was warming up today, so the heater was switched on at Fatty’s house! But why don’t we have it here yet?” 
Nora: “?! 
She frowned and lifted the blanket to cover herself with a thick coat. 
Ever since she had a major hemorrhage while giving birth, she had always been weak and afraid of the cold. At the slightest hint of cold weather, she would turn on the heater. The room had to maintain 72 degrees Fahrenheit. 
The weather was only 70 degrees yesterday, but today, it was suddenly 40 degrees. Furthermore, it was snowing. It might get even colder. 
It was too cold. 
She wrapped herself in her clothes and followed Cherry downstairs. When she went downstairs, Iris was quarreling with the steward of the greenhouse.
“There are heaters everywhere else, why isn’t there one here?” 
The in-charge lowered his head and said with a smile, “Madam, the temperature suddenly dropped this year. I wasn’t expecting that. We don’t have enough fuel left. Besides, something seems to be wrong with the heating pipe here. I’ve already called for someone to fix it.” 
A small family might use electricity to warm themselves, but the Hunt Manor was too big, so they had a special boiler for heating. 
Before Iris could speak, Pete said, “Since there’s not enough fuel, why don’t you let us use it first? We usually use it first.” 
As the patriarch of the Hunts, everyone in the Hunts served Justin. When had he ever suffered like this?! 
The in-charge smiled. “Pete, you also know you guys get to use it first every year, so it’s time for others to use it first this year. It’s all fair!” 
This sentence was unfair! 
The heating in the servants’ room was already there, but their small villa did not have it? Furthermore, the heating ducts had not broken even once in the past, how did they suddenly break this year? 
It was obvious that they were behind this! 
Iris also frowned. “That’s enough! Fix it immediately. I’ll give you half an hour to turn on the heating in the villa! Otherwise, I’ll leave you to your own devices!”. 
Cherry loved to run around barefooted on the ground. Now that she was freezing, it was inconvenient for her.
The in-charge was not afraid and acted shamelessly. “Madam, this request of yours is really making things difficult for me! Where can I find someone to fix it? I don’t know how to fix it myself. I’ve already asked for repairs, but the maintenance staff is currently busy. I don’t have a choice! If you punish me or fire me because of this, you’d be going against the contract…” 
The person in charge of the greenhouse was Mrs. Hunt’s subordinate. 
The matriarch would definitely not let her great-grandson freeze. Therefore, it was no doubt Lauren who had ordered this. 
What a despicable method. 
Iris was so angry that her chest heaved. She wished she could bring her three precious grandchildren to her villa in the suburbs. At the very least, it was up to her when the heater came on. 
But she could not leave. 
This was the Hunt Manor, the place where Justin was the head. If she left with her grandson, in less than a minute, there would be news of Justin being chased out of the house! 
Iris really did not know what to do when faced with such a shameless subordinate. 
At this moment, Xander placed his hands on his hips and said, “You’re such an unruly slave. Isn’t it just because Dad isn’t around that you’re bullying us? Let me tell you, Mom is still here! Besides, Dad will be back soon!” 
These words should have frightened the in-charge, but he did not expect the in-charge to immediately smile when he heard this. “Even if your father is back, he probably won’t have the mood to care about us. He’ll be busy handling your mother!” 
Xander was stunned. “What about my Mom?”
The in-charge continued to smile. Just as he was about to speak, Iris’s face darkened. She shouted angrily, “I dare you to say it!” 
The in-charge pursed his lips. In front of the child, he originally wanted to talk about Nora’s pretty boy. After all, this matter had spread everywhere! Even the location, time, and the other party’s identity as a pretty boy were made clear. 
However, Iris was too strong. He could only shut his mouth. 
Iris roared, “I don’t think you want to work here anymore!” 
The in-charge said, “Does it matter if you want me to work here or not? We’ll hold a board of directors meeting tomorrow. After it ends, let’s see if you still dare to be so arrogant!” 
Iris pointed at him and scolded, “What nonsense are you talking about?” 
The in-charge pursed his lips. “I’m not talking nonsense. This news has already spread. Mr. Hunt will not be the head of Hunt Corporation for long. Then, there will be another person in the Hunts to respect!” 
Pete couldn’t help but say, “It’s not certain who will win!” 
“Sigh, Pete, what are you saying… You have confidence in your father, but it’s a pity your mother doesn’t. She’s already preparing to run… Otherwise, the hearts of the people below wouldn’t have scattered so much!” 
When Nora went downstairs, she heard these words. 
A cold glint flashed across her almond-shaped eyes.
Although it had been an act to deliberately give others the illusion, she was still a little angry at this moment.
###Chapter 742
Chapter 742 Board of Directors! 
Nora knew that if the news of Justin being poor was released, there would definitely be some people who would hit him when he was down. 
However, she did not expect these small figures to be so crafty and drilling. 
A small steward in charge of the boiler and kitchen in the Hunts actually dared to speak to his little master like this? He was really tired of living! 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
It was cold at home, but she could turn just on the air conditioner. 
However, she was not in good health. Therefore, in her house, there had to be a heater in the winter. 
Furthermore, she did not like to wear too thick a shirt. It was inconvenient to move around like this, especially when she was working in the laboratory. Wearing too thick a shirt would affect her work. 
Therefore, she stepped forward and asked, “What’s wrong with the heater?” 
When the in-charge heard this, he immediately said in a sarcastic tone, “Miss Smith, even if I tell you what’s wrong, what can you do? You should wait for the maintenance company to come. Besides, what you should be concerned about now is helping Mr. Hunt raise more money. Why are you making things difficult for a small manager like me here? Don’t you think so?” 
The in-charge spoke in a way that pushed away all responsibility. 
Nora lowered her eyes and sneered. “What’s your name?”
“Felix.” The in-charge directly reported his name. “Why? Is Miss Smith firing me? But I didn’t make a mistake. I’m not like the two garden cleaners you fired previously where you held evidence over them.” Nora could not be bothered to speak. She said, “Yes, I’ll remember you.” 
It was a casual sentence, but it made Felix feel a chill. He stared at Nora and felt that he was scaring himself just now. 
Justin was about to be chased out of the Hunts, what could Miss Smith do to him? 
He straightened his back. “I’m a nobody. Why would Miss Smith remember me?” 
“You’re not a nobody.” 
Iris was furious. “At this moment, no one else dares to fight casually. They’re all waiting for the conclusion tomorrow. You’re the only one who can stand out. Hehe! You’re really good at seizing opportunities!” 
Felix’s thoughts were seen through by her, and his face turned red. 
He had been here for so many years. He was one of Mrs. Hunt’s people, but he had always been working in the kitchen. This work was idle and had no room for growth. He was really annoyed. 
Later on, he wanted to request Mr. Hunt frequently to transfer to other places, but Mr. Hunt ignored him. When he went to look for the in-charge, the in-charge said that he was too scheming and not loyal enough. Mr. Hunt would not put him in an important position. 
How was he not loyal? 
If he was not loyal, he would have stopped working for the Hunts a long time ago, okay? The Hunts only offered a higher salary… 
Therefore, he was unwilling to accept this. He also wanted to be like a manager.
Many people outside wanted to do business with the Hunts, and they were very respectful to the stewards who went out to do things. 
Therefore, he had to grab the opportunity. 
This time, Justin was clearly not going to make it. As for Lauren, she was commanding others at home. Everyone mostly agreed with her on the surface but opposed her on the inside. Only he jumped out. 
He wanted to be the first person in front of Lauren. 
When Mr. Herman became the head of the Hunts, Justin and his family would be marginalized. At that time, wouldn’t Lauren be the one in charge of the household? 
Therefore, he listened to Lauren now. 
Wasn’t he just suppressing the people here to see if they would resist? 
It was too easy to do such a small thing. 
Felix retracted his thoughts and said with a smile, “Madam Iris, I don’t understand what you mean. I’m just doing my job. Alright, if there’s nothing else, I’ll get back to work.” 
With that, he left. 
Looking at his back, Nora narrowed her eyes and touched her mouth. 
Beside her, Cherry whispered, “He’s finished.” 
Xander and Pete looked at her. “What’s wrong?” 
Cherry: “When Mommy wipes her mouth, it means that she’s very angry. The consequences are serious!”
Xander and Pete: “?” 
The two of them raised their heads and looked at Nora. However, they felt that this woman really seemed to be releasing a murderous aura at this moment. 
The two little guys shivered in unison. 
At this moment, Brenda twisted her waist and walked in. The moment she entered and saw Nora, her eyes instantly lit up. She came directly to her and grabbed her hand. “Why did I hear my mother say that you have a pretty boy outside?” Nora: “?” 
Brenda was the daughter of the third side family. The third household had always been Justin’s supportive faction, and since Brenda and Justin had a good relationship, Justin had always taken good care of the third household. 
Brenda said, “When my parents heard about this, they couldn’t sit still. They’ve always been in Justin’s faction. Now, they’re being squeezed at home!” 
Brenda pursed her lips. “Nora, is Justin really done for? If he’s done for, let me know. I’ll let my parents be fence-sitters for once too. I don’t want you to take care of Justin if he fails. If they fail, it’ll be difficult for them to move forward in the Hunts!” 
With that, he sighed again. “What do you think Herman is thinking? Why does he have to fight with Justin? He and his mistress don’t have a son. Won’t the Hunts still belong to Justin in the future? I really don’t understand. However, Nora, is your pretty boy even more good-looking than Justin?” 
Nora: “…” 
Was there something wrong with this woman?
Brenda grimaced and entered, only to discover the problem immediately. “Why is it so cold here? Where’s the heater?” 
Cherry complained, “Felix wouldn’t let us use the heater. He said he wanted us to get in line.” 
“Line? F*ck!” 
Brenda was furious. “I’ll go and see what’s going on?! A servant actually bullied his master!” 
With that, she turned and left. 
Cherry, Pete, and Xander signaled with their eyes, and the three little fellows followed behind Brenda obediently. 
As soon as they walked past, they saw Brenda kicking Felix away. 
Bang! 
Felix fell to the ground in pain. There was snow on the ground, but the temperature was very high. The snow was melting and, with his fall, his clothes were stained with mud. 
Felix said in exasperation, “Ms. Brenda, what are you doing?” 
“I’ll give you ten minutes to turn on the heater for my little nephew and niece. Otherwise, hehe. Don’t say that my brother hasn’t been chased out yet. Even if he is chased out, I’ll beat you up until you’re half disabled. Do you think Herman will fuss about it with me?” 
Nora was Justin’s fiancée. If Nora hit him, Herman would definitely fuss about it. But if it was Brenda… 
Even if the third branch stood on Justin’s side, she was still the daughter of Herman’s younger brother. He definitely did not dare to mess with Brenda.
Felix immediately said, “Okay, okay. I’ll make the arrangements immediately.” 
With that, he quickly got someone to turn on the heater in Justin’s villa. 
In fact, the heater that led to Justin’s opulent villa was only separated by a metal sheet. When the metal sheet was opened, it gradually warmed up. 
After Felix opened it, he became angrier the more he thought about it. 
Therefore, when he woke up the next morning, he turned off the heater again! 
The person beside him asked, “Why did you cut off their heater again?” 
Felix sneered. “Today is the company’s board of directors meeting. Justin didn’t come back last night. What does this mean? It means that the preparations for raising money overseas haven’t been smooth! Otherwise, he would have returned home long ago. After this meeting ends today, I want Lauren to hear that their villa has turned cold the moment she comes back!” 
The person beside him asked, “Are you sure they’ll win?” 
“Of course.” Felix was extremely confident and smug. “After today, I won’t be a mere steward in the kitchen!” 
He was the first person to jump out and stand by Lauren’s side. He was the one who supported her, so Lauren would definitely put him in an important position! 
At the same time, in Hunt Corporation’s large conference room, all the directors were gathered. The board meeting was about to start!
###Chapter 743
Chapter 743 Center! 
When Nora woke up, it was already past nine. 
She woke up an hour earlier than usual. When she thought of how Justin was going to the company to face a group of old men’s attacks today, she found it funny. 
After some thought, she took out her phone and quietly hacked into Hunt Corporation’s internal network. She secretly turned on the conference room camera. 
She wanted to see how Justin planned to fight this group of old-timers. 
She yawned and turned on her phone on the way to the bathroom. As she brushed her teeth and washed her face, she stared at her phone. 
On the screen, Hunt Corporation’s office looked abnormally big. 
The rows of tables and chairs were enough to seat a hundred people. This was probably the largest board meeting Hunt Corporation had held in recent years. 
Everyone came one after another and sat there silently. 
Herman and Lauren had also arrived. They sat at the head of the table in front and chatted with the other people. 
Fortunately, this camera had an audio function. Otherwise, Nora would not have heard what they said. 
Justin’s second uncle from the side family was currently flattering Herman. “Herman, you should have become the head of this family long ago. You don’t know how much I’ve been cheated by that kid, Justin,
all these years! He’s too domineering. The Hunts are simply operating on his word. Just a while ago, I made a small mistake and he directly removed my position!” 
With that, he pretended to touch his eyes and wipe his tears. Nora: “…” Herman sighed. “Raymond, I’ve let you suffer all these years. He’s young and impulsive, and he’s insensible. He must have done things to offend all the directors. When he comes later, I’ll get him to apologize to everyone!” 
Raymond nodded and was about to say something when the third son of the Hunts, who was also Brenda’s father, said, “Raymond, aren’t you exaggerating a little? Could it be that Justin’s decisions all these years were wrong? Furthermore, he also let go of the project you insisted on so much. What happened in the end? You made a loss before Justin slowly retracted his full power. It’s not right for you to criticize him like this. Didn’t Justin do well enough? How many times have the Hunts’ assets increased in the five years that he was in charge of the family business? When Grandpa was still around and in poor health, who was the one who handled the company matters behind the scenes? Even if nobody else knows, you and I should know, right? He had long-term goals even when he was still in school. His talent in business is obvious.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, Raymond sneered. “Spencer, I think you’re used to being his licking dog! Can a person only be measured with money? He’s the one with a 
problem!” 
Spencer was so angry that he laughed. “Raymond, you’re being unreasonable. We’re in business. What else can we look at other than profits?” 
Raymond snorted. “People have to be particular, okay? The Hunts don’t belong to him alone. Why should he say whatever he wants? Did I know from the beginning that I would lose money? I definitely hope that the Hunts will do better!”
Spencer smiled. “So, whoever can make the company profitable should be the one in charge! Brother, am I right?” 
Checkmate. 
Herman narrowed his scheming eyes and smiled. “Of course.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, Lauren said, “Raymond is right. This is also what I plan to tell everyone. Everyone should have seen how outstanding Herman was back then. Over the years, he has been living overseas as a test from Grandpa Hunt. We also established Hunt Corporation overseas. If Herman manages the Hunts, then the overseas business will naturally have to be merged with the main company. Of course, Herman was paid by Grandpa Hunt back then. Although it was private money, Grandpa Hunt’s dividend was also paid by the company. Herman has been thinking of returning home all these years. When he went overseas back then, he said that he would treat it as starting a branch… Now, our overseas company’s valuation is tens of billions. Of course, it can’t compare to the Hunts, so everyone’s shares won’t be diluted in the future.” 
The shares would not be diluted. In other words, Herman would divide the overseas company equally with every sensible person present! 
Ten billion dollars, even if it was 0.1%, it was still ten million dollars! 
Who would complain about having too much money? The people present looked at each other. Some of them were even more hesitant. 
When Nora saw this, she pursed her lips as well. She felt that this group of people’s struggles were really high. Furthermore, she was really poor! 
Should she think of a way to earn money?
She pursed her lips. At this moment, footsteps came from the door, and a tall man appeared. 
The camera was facing the door, so she could only see the back view of the man. 
However, even so, she still recognized this man at a glance. 
After all, they had come much closer in the past few days. Even if he only had a few cells left, she could still recognize him. 
Of course, this was a little exaggerated. 
Nora could recognize him because the aura of the man was too strong. 
Even though the shareholders present were all elites and Herman was a senior expert on a billion-dollar project, Justin’s aura was not weak at all. 
Just as he appeared at the door, a number of his loyal subordinates suddenly stood up and greeted, “Hello, Mr. Hunt!” 
The others subconsciously stood up as well. 
Even Raymond could not help but leave the chair. Just as he was about to greet Justin, he sensed that Roger was sitting steadily and saw that Herman was also calm and composed. Only then did he press his butt back onto the chair. 
Nora found it funny. She washed her face and sat on the sofa. She crossed her legs and continued to watch. 
In the meeting room.
When Justin entered, those who were questioning him and even denouncing him as a hegemon instantly shut their mouths. 
He took two steps forward and realized that his seat was occupied. 
He did not scratch or make a fuss and sat on the first seat on the right. 
Although he was sitting below Herman, everyone’s attention was still focused on him. Justin’s body made everyone know that the head chair was not the center, but where he was, that was the center of the crowd. 
Sensing the change in everyone’s eyes, Herman was a little angry and said, “Justin, it’s the board of directors meeting today. You’re late. Apologize to your uncles first.” 
He was planning to suppress his aura first. 
Nora had not experienced this before and found it quite fun. She planned to see what Justin would do.
###Chapter 744
Chapter 744 Complete Victory? 
Herman’s move meant to suppress Justin’s aura. 
The board of directors meeting was convened and the leaders were the last to arrive. It was nothing, but he used the word “uncles” to show that everyone present was older than him and should be respected. 
If Justin refused to apologize, it would appear that he was very rude. 
However, if he apologized, his imposing aura from before would disappear. 
Herman’s words caused Justin to fall into a passive state. 
Nora stared at her phone, wanting to know what this man would do. At the end, when everyone looked at him, his gaze suddenly fell on the camera and stared at the screen. 
It was like it landed on Nora’s face through the screen! 
Nora: “…” 
Was this guy that perceptive? 
It was just a camera, and he had already discovered it? 
No, wait… 
She had broken through the firewall created by Y. How could he not know? Furthermore, when Nora invaded, she did not encounter any obstacles. Did that mean that this man had allowed her to do so?
As if to confirm her thoughts, she heard him say calmly, “Yes, I was with my wife, so I got delayed. Uncles, please forgive me.” Nora: “!!” 
Her face instantly turned red. F*ck! 
What wife! 
Who was his wife? 
The two of them were not married yet, okay? 
Nora pursed her lips and wished she could throw her phone aside. 
However, she was very curious. Wouldn’t his aura disappear if he apologized? 
Therefore, she could not bear to throw her phone away. 
However, the next moment, he said, “However, although we’re a family business, how many family businesses have been destroyed by internal strife? When Grandpa Hunt began working for Hunt Corporation, he made a rule that Hunt Corporation will never allow anyone to take advantage of us. In the company, relationships are not important, only ability is.” 
With that, he sat up straight. “Uncles, let’s abandon all kinds of relationships now. In this room, there’s only the chairman and the directors!” 
When he said these words, his attitude was still very light, but the words he said were not to be underestimated. 
His aura returned instantly. 
Everyone in the meeting room said in unison, “Yes, Mr. Hunt!”
Herman: “…” 
Nora, who was staring at the screen, expressed that she had learned something! 
Although she did not have so many people to control and it was useless to learn, she had to admit that the man’s calm and confident tone was indeed very charming. 
Nora did not feel hungry either. She simply stretched her legs out on the sofa and lay there. She found a comfortable position and continued to stare at the screen. 
In the meeting room. 
Justin said a few words and pulled the situation back. When Herman saw this, he said, “Justin, you’re wrong to say that. Business is business, but a businessman has to be a human first and be more loyal! How can you neglect someone who has contributed to the company? Isn’t this breaking an old man’s heart? For example, your second uncle has been working hard for so many years for the company. With one mistake, you removed his position. You’re so ruthless to your own uncle, so what about the other shareholders?” 
With that, he sighed. “It’s my fault for not being by your side since you were young. Your grandfather and grandmother have spoiled you rotten!” 
Justin did not speak and just glanced at Lawrence. 
Lawrence entered with a document and handed it to the shareholders. 
It was a list of all the projects that Raymond had lost over the years! 
Justin had never done anything to him because the few billion he had lost was a small sum to him, but… 
Justin said sarcastically, “If we don’t remove him from his role, should we let him continue to incur losses to the company? I don’t care, but do all the directors agree?”
A few billion was a lot of money to these small shareholders who held a small portion of the company’s shares! 
Herman had just distributed the money to the shareholders, but now, Justin continued to use the shareholders’ money to persuade him. 
Herman choked and glared at Raymond, feeling that his brother was really useless. 
He continued to smile. “Alright, let’s not talk about this today. Our mission today is to elect a new chairman. I’ve seen our financial statements. Over the past six months, the profits have stagnated, but the overseas market can be expanded. Over the years I’ve been overseas, I’ve also accumulated some connections, so I’m recommending myself. If I can become the chairman, then I will bring improvements to the Hunt Corporation.” 
With that, Raymond and Lauren applauded. 
The other shareholders also began to clap. 
Justin’s eyes narrowed. 
Over the past six months, economic stagnation and bankruptcy could be seen everywhere. It was only natural. Not to mention the Hunts, but even the Smiths could not escape unscathed. 
Herman was actually starting with this. 
Justin sneered and did not speak. 
It was not that he did not want to explain, but there was no need to at all. The directors knew in their hearts that they wanted to pretend to be ignorant. Even if he called out, they would not wake up. If he explained, they would only show weakness.
Raymond could not help but mock, “Justin, did you hear that? You’ve brought Hunt Corporation to a standstill! Is your crime lighter than mine? Also, real estate is clearly so profitable, but you suddenly called for a halt and insisted on investing in the computing sector. The company has invested hundreds of millions, but there’s no sign of profit… I know you have your own ideas but you can’t mess around with the interests of the entire company!” 
Lawrence argued, “A portion of the company’s investments are in electronics, and the electronics industry has always been dependent on foreign technologies. If we don’t develop our own technology and our supply from overseas is cut, the consequences will be unimaginable. President Hunt is considering things from a high position for the future of Hunt Corporation! You can’t be short-sighted!” 
Raymond pursed his lips and mocked, “Why would the companies cut our supply? They’re not stupid. Why would they turn down good business? Instead of spending billions on research and development, you might as well buy their product!” 
res 
This was indeed decided by Justin personally against everyone’s ions. 
The shareholders were already unhappy that they had to invest tens of billions in research and development every year. However, Justin was the head of the Hunts and had 51% of the shares. No matter what meeting he held, he could veto everyone. 
Lawrence sneered. “There’s no need to wait ten years; five… no, just two years. Just wait and see! The international market is changing rapidly. If we don’t plan ahead, we might be completely restrained! President Hunt’s decision is definitely far-sighted!” 
“Heh, stop calling him President Hunt here!” Raymond stood up immediately and slapped the table. “After today, who knows if he’ll still be President Hunt? Other than him, who else agrees to what you’re
saying? Which one of you here doesn’t have any complaints? In my opinion, he should give up his position as president and let Herman take over!” 
Herman waved his hand. “Alright, Justin is still young and won’t listen to our advice. If I become the president, the first thing I’ll do is cut this R&D fund. R&D can be done, but we can’t invest so much money!” 
His words made Raymond clap. “Herman is right. You should be the next president!” 
Although Spencer did not agree with Justin’s actions, so many years had passed, and they had disagreed many times! 
For example, back then, when he wanted to enter real estate, no one agreed. What happened in the end? 
He had made a killing over the past few years. 
Therefore, he followed Justin blindly. He said, “I think President Hunt is still the most suitable. After all, he has brought the company to where we are today. When have his decisions ever backfired?” 
Upon hearing this, a group of people began to argue. 
The scene became chaotic. 
Most people did not agree with Justin’s actions. 
Seeing this, Herman was extremely satisfied, especially when the few shareholders who had never approved of him were also criticizing Justin loudly. 
He suddenly said, “Alright, now is not the time to scold me. Today is also not the assessment meeting for Justin. We’ll choose the new president first. Now, let’s raise our hands and agree to let me replace Justin
as the president. Please raise your hands if you 
agree!” 
With that, he looked at the shareholders. 
The other shareholders had all been taken down by him, leaving only these few shareholders wavering. 
Those few shareholders actually did not have a lot of shares. 
Together, it was 5%. 
The six of them had a very fierce quarrel with Lawrence earlier. Originally, they were very hesitant, but Raymond’s words hit their weak spot. 
Therefore, when this was said, those people hesitated for a moment. In the end, three of them raised their hands! 
Beautiful! 
The three of them occupied 3% of the shares, and Justin only received the support of the other three at most, only 48%! Coupled with Spencer’s 1%, he only had 49%… 
Herman had won completely this time! 
Herman and Raymond smiled. Raymond had already begun to congratulate him. “Herman, congratulations! Hahaha!” 
Herman also said, “I’ll need everyone’s cooperation in the future…” 
Neither of them saw that someone in the corner had not raised his hand…
###Chapter 745
Chapter 745 Slap in the Face!! 
Among the hundred-plus shareholders present, other than Justin, who occupied 46% 
—the second branch occupied 5%, and the third branch only occupied 1%. This was because the third branch had transferred their shares to Justin previously. This was also Grandpa Hunt’s wish. He did not want the shares to be divided, so when they separated back then, they had taken fewer shares and more cash. 
Over the years, Justin had privately given them the dividends for the other four percent of the shares. 
Other than them taking the majority, the rest of the shares were concentrated on a few shareholders. 
One of these was Justin’s subordinate, Sean. Sean held 5% of the shares. Philip had spent a lot of money to buy 5%, and the six uncertain shareholders accounted for 5%. 
Actually, it was not the entire board of directors. Only the six of them were uncertain. It was mainly because the other shareholders occupied too few shares. Some people could even be ignored. 
There were a few dozen people, but they only accounted for 1%. 
Herman had spent a lot of money in private to purchase 20% of the shares, almost spending all his savings over the years. 
Coupled with the 5% Justin had given him, Philip’s 5% was also managed by him. Therefore, he had a total of 30% of the shares. 
Herman found a few other shareholders and forced them to lean toward him. Therefore, he did not care that four-fifths of the dozens of shareholders did not support him.
This was because their shares added up to only 1%. 
In addition, Mrs. Hunt still had 5% of Hunt Corporation’s shares. The other shareholders had agreed to his request and even received benefits from him… After some calculations, Herman felt that victory was within his grasp! 
He stood up and said, “Alright, Justin. I’m already the president of the company. I’ll have to arrange your next job. Are you going to stay in the company or what? However, I don’t think any other company will dare to take you in, right?” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. 
Raymond added insult to injury. “Herman, I to Justin staying! Unless he apologizes to all of us for his arrogance in the past!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, the door was pushed open. The little girl in the pantry brought the tea cart in and served everyone coffee. 
When Raymond saw this, he waved his hand. “Go out.” 
Then, he looked at Justin. “Justin, do it instead. You’ve been unreasonable in the company all these years. How many people have you reprimanded? Apologize to everyone now. We’re not that petty. If your apology is sincere enough, we’ll agree to let you stay in the company!” 
Spencer frowned. “Raymond, you’re going overboard!” 
With that said, Raymond sneered. “Spencer, don’t say such stupid things here. After all, you’ve been eating for free all these years, right? You haven’t done anything and haven’t been scolded either. How can you understand our heartache of being scolded by a junior? Heh!”
Raymond felt like he had turned over a new leaf. He pointed at the coffee cart and said, “Justin, let’s start with Raymond. I want two spoons of sugar, not milk.” 
Justin: “…” 
He remained sitting there steadily and did not move at all. 
Raymond frowned and looked at him. “Aren’t you going to move? Why? Will you only apologize if the president says so himself?” 
When he said this, Raymond looked at Herman. “Herman, look at how arrogant he is. In the past, when you weren’t around, he was always so high and mighty. Now that you’re back, you have to teach him how to face his elders! He has to be more modest! He shouldn’t be high up in the air.” 
Justin continued to sit there and watch them act like clowns. 
A staff member was recording the voting data for the day. 
Actually, there were not many people who really supported Herman today. Not even one in five. As for the shares, they had to be calculated… 
The conductor continued to calculate… 
He looked past Sean… 
Sean was Justin’s subordinate, but Justin was clearly different from his two assistants. Usually, Lawrence followed beside him most of the time. 
Moreover, Lawrence was a very cheap person. He often mocked Sean in the company and liked to go against him.
Everyone knew that Sean was very dissatisfied with President Hunt. After all, President Hunt was too biased between him and Lawrence! 
Therefore, Herman was the first to contact Sean. Sean hesitated for a long time and only agreed after Herman promised him many benefits. 
But… 
The conductor swallowed and wanted to say something… 
Sean did not raise his hand. His 5% shares along with President Hunt’s shares alone were 51%… not to mention the support of the people from the third household and most of the small shareholders… 
He really wanted to remind him, but when he saw that Justin was not saying anything, he continued to silently calculate… 
After Raymond said this, Spencer said, “Raymond, don’t be so anxious. You haven’t even taken office, but you’re already anxious to take revenge. Your table manners are too ugly! Besides, there are only a dozen or so people who raised their hands to support Herman!” 
Raymond smiled. “So what if there are more than ten people? Look at them. Those 7 to 8 people only have 1% of the shares! Even if they all support Justin, he only has 49% of the shares at most. My brother still occupies the majority!” 
With that, he looked at Justin proudly. “Justin, are you feeling very uncomfortable? It’s just 49% or so, you lost to Herman by a little. This is your retribution!” 
“Who asked you to be so domineering? That’s why your relations are so bad! Look, which of these majority shareholders like you? If you were a little more respectful to them, you wouldn’t have ended up
like this!” 
He stood up straight and continued, “We majority shareholders don’t lack money at all! We care about our face and sense of achievement, but have you ever given them to us? Heh.” 
Justin raised his eyebrows. “You should earn your face and dignity yourself, they’re not given for free.” 
“Earn it ourselves? Ha, you’re funny! Then don’t talk about me. Tell me about your favorite subordinate, Sean! He must have worked hard enough in the company! He has done a lot for you all these years, but didn’t he betray you today?!” 
With that, everyone’s eyes fell on Sean in the corner. 
Raymond pointed at him. “Look at him. Aren’t you sorry… Sean, why isn’t your hand raised?” 
Almost as soon as he finished speaking, the conductor silently said, “Shareholders, the calculations are done…”
###Chapter 746
Chapter 746 Continuing to Slap Face! 
Raymond stared at Sean. 
Herman had realized earlier that Sean had not raised his hand to agree, so he had shut his mouth early with a bad feeling in his heart. 
When the conductor said this, everyone looked at him. 
Without the conductor saying anything, everyone understood that the 5% shares in Sean’s hands were very important. 
Therefore, Raymond interrupted him and asked, “What’s the result? Sean hasn’t agreed yet! Add Sean’s shares too!” 
When the conductor heard this, he looked at Sean weakly and waited for his choice. 
Tas 
Raymond said, “Sean, what are you waiting for? Hurry up! Didn’t you say that Justin was unfair to you? He trusts Lawrence who doesn’t know how to do anything and only knows how to curry favors all day, but he’s more wary of you!” 
Lawrence, who was shot lying down, was speechless. 
He was really furious as he stood behind Justin. 
What did he mean by only knowing how to curry favors?! 
Who was he looking down on? He was just trying to figure out his boss’s thoughts!
Lawrence was furious. 
Raymond continued to drive a wedge between them. He spoke about all the dissatisfaction in Sean’s heart and forced him to raise his stand. “And when you bought 5% of the shares years ago, it was also your family who supported you. At that time, he sold them to you at a higher than market price. You’ve hated this boss of yours for a long time, haven’t you? Didn’t you say so yourself? You’re not trusted in the company!” 
What he said was reasonable. It was obvious that he was really dissatisfied with Justin. If it had been anyone else, they would have fallen out when these words were said. 
But Sean and Justin… 
The corners of Lawrence’s mouth twitched as he could not help but curse inwardly! 
What kind of nonsense talk was this? Sean was the one who paid for the shares, okay?! Boss just wanted to inject capital into Hunt Corporation, that’s why he used Sean! 
If he did not know the truth, he might have scolded Justin for treating Sean badly with Raymond. 
But in reality? 
Lawrence knew very well! 
Sean was the person his boss trusted the most. The reason why he was not put in an important position in the company was that he was also managing his business, okay?! 
Lawrence was the most pitiful one. He sucked up to his boss every day and begged for food… 
As Lawrence thought about this, he felt like crying.
With that, Herman said, “Sean, don’t worry. This is a public place. He won’t dare to do anything to you. Besides, you’re not betraying him. You’re a shareholder, so you have your own choice!” 
At this moment, Herman and Raymond both thought that Sean was afraid of Justin. 
After the two of them finished, Sean slowly said, “Okay.” 
Raymond: “Then raise your hand?” 
The conductor also looked at him weakly. “Mr. Sean, do you approve of Mr. Herman being the president of Hunt Corporation?” 
Sean said simply, “No.” 
“….” 
For a moment, the entire meeting room fell silent. 
In the strange atmosphere, the conductor slowly said, “Yes… Well, if Mr. Sean doesn’t support it, then there are 17 people who support Mr. Herman as the president of Hunt Corporation, one-sixth of the total number. Everyone’s shares add up to… 45.3%. There is less than half the number of people and shares, so… the motion is rejected.” 
With that, the conductor said, “Then next, those who approve of Mr. Justin’s continued role as the president of Hunt Corporation, please raise your hands.” 
As soon as he said this, the other people in the office raised their hands. 
Also! 
Not only these people, but even those who had supported Herman raised their hands again. Someone even explained, “Mr. Hunt, I had heard incorrectly. I had heard incorrectly…”
Justin ignored these people. 
But Raymond and Herman kept their eyes on Sean. 
Sean raised his hand. 
At this moment, both of them knew that they had been played by Sean! 
Raymond was furious. He pointed at him and scolded, “Sean, you’re good! So you were just messing with us? Heh, you’re a spineless person. You deserve to never be placed in an important position by Justin!” 
Sean said angrily, “I can get money without doing work. Isn’t that better?” 
Raymond was speechless. 
Herman narrowed his eyes. 
The conductor said at the appropriate time, “There are 90 people who support Mr. Justin Hunt’s continued role as Hunt Corporation’s President. This totals to 65% of shares; the motion is passed. Mr. Justin Hunt will continue to be the company’s president!” 
With that, everyone in the meeting room stood up and started clapping. 
Justin sat there steadily the entire time. When he raised his hand slightly, the clapping crowd instantly fell silent. Then, he looked at Herman and said, “You gathered all the shareholders together to see how you embarrass yourself?” 
Herman: “You…!”
“Meeting dismissed.” 
Justin’s cold words blocked Herman’s words. Then, he stood up and strode out. He could not be bothered to speak to Herman. 
However, Herman saw him walk out the door and stood up to follow him. He shouted angrily, “Justin!” 
Justin stopped in his tracks and looked at him. 
Herman walked to Justin. 
A person close to 50 years old could no longer compare to Justin’s stature. Justin’s figure was ramrod straight as he looked at Herman. An unfamiliar pressure and depth exuded from his dark eyes, making him difficult to fathom. 
At this moment, Herman suddenly understood that the son in front of him was not someone he could control. 
However… 
He narrowed his eyes and said in a low voice, “Do you think you can protect Iris just because you beat me? I’m not even half as good as Philip! He’s not stupid! You can continue to be the chairman, but I advise you not to fight Philip head-on. If he wants Iris, you’ll have to send her over! Otherwise, the Hunts will be ruined in your hands sooner or later!” 
When Justin heard his words, he only felt mocked. He could not even be bothered to look at him now as he strode forward. 
Justin went downstairs and got into the car, driving toward the Hunts.
Lawrence and Sean helped him clean up the people in the company, now it was time to clean up the people at home! 
“Felix? What’s wrong with you? Why did the heater stop again?!” 
Brenda grabbed Felix in exasperation and questioned him angrily. 
Felix sat there calmly and fiddled with his fingers. “Ms. Brenda, I advise you not to interfere!” 
Brenda grabbed his collar. “Try saying that 
again?” 
Felix was very arrogant. “Ms. Brenda, I advise you not to make a move either. Otherwise, when the board of directors meeting is over, there will be just one family left! Your third branch might also be chased away!” 
Justin’s car slowly stopped at the entrance of Hunt Corporation. 
Felix and Brenda both turned to look. Felix touched his stomach, which was in pain from being kicked yesterday, and smiled. “Look, he must have lost! Only those who lose scurry back to pack! Mr. Herman and Madam Lauren are still in the company. They must be busy with the handover. Your good days are over! You hit me yesterday, I’ll remember this! Heh!” 
Brenda: “!” 
She glared at Felix, but she still walked toward Justin. 
As Justin entered, the servants at home all looked over, wanting to know the final outcome. 
As the vanguard of Lauren, Felix went to Justin’s villa and planned to take the opportunity to mock him. As he approached, he heard Brenda ask, “Justin, how was the meeting?”
###Chapter 747
Chapter 747 The Divorce Storm? 
Justin got out of the car and prepared to go home to see the three children. 
After all, it had been three days since he pretended to go on a business trip. 
Hearing Brenda’s words, he casually replied, “It was nothing.” 
He casually entered the villa. 
Brenda: “?” 
She was stunned. She stood in the yard and asked, “What do you mean by nothing? Justin, you didn’t really lose, did you? Are we really going to move?” 
When Felix, who was at the door, heard this, he became even more pleased with himself. He said with a smile, “See, Mr. Hunt indeed has indeed seen the world. Your position as president is gone and you still say it’s nothing… Heh!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, the chauffeur who had returned with Justin explained to Brenda, “Ms. Brenda, you’re mistaken! Mr. Hunt won! Lawrence and Sean are currently handling some matters in the company. Mr. Hunt was worried about the family, so he came back first!” 
With this sentence, Felix’s heart skipped a beat. For a moment, he felt that he had heard wrong. 
What did the driver say? 
Justin had won? 
Then he…
Felix stood there stiffly. 
At this moment, Justin, who had entered, came out with a cold expression. His gaze swept across the room and stopped on Felix. “You broke the heater?” 
Felix: !! 
He was so frightened that he hurriedly took a step forward. His legs went limp and he fell to the ground. He shouted, “Mr. Hunt, I didn’t do it on purpose. I, I, I…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Justin kicked him! 
Bang! 
This pain was even stronger than Brenda’s kick yesterday. It sent Felix flying again and slammed him into the wall behind him before he fell to the ground with a thud. 
His entire body hurt and he felt like his organs had been jolted out! 
“Bring him down and teach him a lesson.” 
With that, Justin turned around and returned to the villa. 
Felix was still dizzy when his arm was tied behind his back and he was taken downstairs. 
“Daddy is awesome!” 
“Daddy is so domineering!” 
“Daddy, that kick of yours was like the Monkey King. It was simply too awesome!” 
“Daddy, Cherry wants a hug. I missed you, where did you go?”
The bootlicker Cherry hugged Justin’s leg and looked up with a smile as she flattered him. Her childish voice made Justin feel like his heart had melted. 
He glanced into the room and asked, “Where’s your mother?” 
“Mommy’s still upstairs!” 
After comforting Cherry and letting her continue to play downstairs, Justin went upstairs. He had just entered when he saw Nora sleeping on the sofa. 
Justin walked over and gently picked her up and placed her on the bed. 
The heater in the room wasn’t working and it was very cold. 
The moment he went to bed and touched the silk blanket, Nora instinctively curled up and mumbled, “I’m cold.” 
Hearing this, Justin smiled. 
He took off his clothes and stuffed himself into the blanket. 
Nora asked in a daze, “What are you doing?” 
“Aren’t you afraid of the cold?”. 
Justin’s voice was vague. “I’ll warm you up.” 
Nora: “…” 
Nora still wanted to say something, but her hands and feet were pressed down by his big hands and legs. The man’s body was like a hot stove. It was quite comfortable hugging him like this. 
She could not be bothered to move.
However, she did not expect the man to push his luck. “You’re still cold, right? Why don’t I help you exercise to warm up?” 
Nora: “?” 
While the two of them were done warming up, the room was filled with an ambiguous atmosphere. 
Perhaps the temperature of the floor had risen a little. Or perhaps the exercise earlier had indeed worked. 
Nora was not cold anymore and she fell asleep again. 
Justin looked at the woman hugging him. 
Although they’d already had skin-to-skin contact before, the woman did not want to be intimate with him and kept pushing him away. 
But now, she was obediently being hugged by him. 
Suddenly, he did not want the heater anymore. 
Ahem. 
When Nora’s breathing got even, Justin finally lifted the blanket and got out of bed. 
He held his vibrating phone and put on a sleeping robe. He went to the study and closed the door before answering the call. 
On the other end of the line was a familiar voice. “Kid, you win this time.” 
It was Philip!
Justin’s voice was a little hoarse. After all, he had just finished ‘exercising’ and was still a little thirsty. “Thank you.” 
Philip said, “Unfortunately, you won the workplace but lost the love seat.” 
Justin: “?” 
He raised his eyebrows and was about to speak when Philip smiled sarcastically again. “You should understand by now that women are no good, right? They say they love you, but in the end, they always go with someone else! Now, I’ll let you have a taste of how I felt back then! I hope you’ll like this gift I’m giving you next.” 
With that, he hung up. 
Justin: “?” 
What was Philip doing? 
As he was thinking, Lawrence called. “Boss, you’re in the newspaper!” 
Justin: “?” 
Lawrence took a photo and sent it over. It was a weekly magazine in the mall. Although there were fewer physical magazines now, this magazine’s sale had never fallen. After all, the ones who ordered this magazine were all high-end people in the business world. This group of people still had the habit of reading physical newspapers and magazines. 
There was a piece of news in today’s journal: 
“The outcome of the Hunts’ internal strife has not been determined, but Miss Smith has already found a way out.”
“Not only is Justin Hunt fighting his father for the consortium, but he is also facing his fiancée’s affair!” 
Justin: “?” 
He continued to read the content: 
[According to reports, a photo and video of Miss Smith keeping a pretty boy have surfaced. It has been confirmed that Miss Smith has an affair outside. Justin is in danger. Did Miss Smith sense that he wouldn’t overcome this difficulty?] 
There were photos of Nora going to the villa in the suburbs below. 
Lawrence continued, “Now, it’s not just in the newspapers. Even on the Internet, there are people spreading the news. Our IT department has contacted people to delete the thread, but the other party seems to have made ample preparations. Every time we delete it, they bring it up again. It can’t be deleted now.” 
On the Internet… 
Justin opened a website again and saw that the number one trending article was: “A shocking inside story of a wealthy family: A poor man was abandoned by his fiancée.” 
It was a video of Nora cheating on him. 
The people below were already cursing. 
“The wealthy families are so chaotic.” 
“I heard that wealthy couples are only husband and wife on the surface, but they each do their own thing. I don’t know if it’s true or not, but no one has ever caused such a scandal, right?”
“The Hunts are really in an embarrassing situation now! They’re definitely going to break the engagement!” 
“Miss Smith is indeed too much. The marriage between the Smiths and Hunts is too out of line. No matter what, can’t she just get Mr. Hunt to step down before looking for someone else? This is really a slap to Mr. Hunt’s face!” 
Of course, there were also some who raised doubts weakly. 
“Can’t it be Mr. Hunt in the video?” 
“Is the person above joking? Everyone in the business knows he was overseas those few days. If he’s overseas, does he have two bodies?” 
“Stop arguing! Go and take a look. Someone has dug out who the man hiding in Miss Smith’s golden house is!!” 
Justin: “” 
He followed the thread and clicked on a link. When he saw the list of people being suspected, he did not know whether to laugh or cry!
###Chapter 748
Chapter 748 Clarification!! 
There was a sea of guesses. They were all either male celebrities or people from the male model circle. These people had a common feature, and that was that they were all very handsome. 
At the end of each guess, it was written clearly that during that period of time, these male celebrities and male models were in the city. Furthermore, on the night that Nora was photographed, they basically had no work. 
Furthermore, among these people, there were some artists under the entertainment company employed by Smith Corporation. They were all saying that these artists had a secret background. Now, it seemed like the truth was out. This background was Nora! 
Justin: “…” 
The netizens were really imaginative! They could think of everything. 
He lowered his eyes and sneered. 
At this moment, Brenda walked in secretly. When she saw him, she instantly stepped back and planned to escape. 
However, before she could leave, Justin stopped her. “Where are you going?” 
Brenda turned around and looked at him awkwardly. Her voice was a little graceful and charming. Even if she were to speak to Justin, she could not change her tone. “Justin… are you in a bad mood?” 
Justin: “?”
Brenda said, “I actually understand you very well, but I also understand Nora quite well. After all, Nora can’t give up the entire fish pond just because you’re in there!” 
Justin: “” 
Brenda continued to persuade him. “You have to be happy and go with the flow in life. Sometimes, you have to be carefree. Justin, you should understand Nora. It was so difficult for her to give birth to three children for you. She just made a small mistake that any woman could make!” 
“ 
“ 
“Oh, Justin, why don’t you understand? Nora definitely loves you the most, but think about it. When the most outstanding male celebrities in the entertainment industry gather together and ask you to choose, can you do it? Nora has been keeping her innocence for you all these years. It has been very difficult…” 
The more Brenda spoke, the more she felt Justin’s expression darken, and her voice gradually became softer. 
Actually, she knew that her sister-in-law was in the wrong! 
After all, Nora had let her brother down! 
However, as a person who liked handsome men of all colors, she really understood her sister-in-law’s cheating… 
Brenda sighed silently. “Actually, Nora is already in this state now. Why don’t you two really call off the engagement?!” 
Lawrence, who was standing beside her, thought that Brenda was speaking up for Justin. He was about to say that Ms. Brenda was usually very unreliable and he did not expect her to support her brother at
the critical moment! 
However, just as this thought flashed across his mind, he heard Brenda’s next words. “That way, Nora will be free.” 
Lawrence: “” 
His eyes widened. 
Justin also looked straight at Brenda. After holding back for a while, he finally said, “Scram!” 
“Okay.” Brenda winked at him. Then, she looked at the three little cuties walking down from upstairs upon hearing her voice. She nodded at Cherry and reminded her, “Don’t be naughty these few days~ Your father is in a bad mood.” 
The children were speechless. 
Justin: “” 
He could not help but take half a step in Brenda’s direction. It frightened her so much that she instantly jumped up from her spot like a frightened rabbit. 
Even in her high heels and short leather skirt, she ran away quickly. As she ran, she waved her hand and said, “Justin, bye-bye! Think about it!” 
Justin felt his forehead throb faintly. 
This sister had not been like this when she was young. He did not know when she had become so loose, especially when she said those words. How could she? 
Her manners were extremely bad.
She was his younger sister. Justin cared a lot about her the past few years and wanted her to have a serious relationship. 
However, she always rejected him righteously, saying that she would let the other handsome men down. 
As for getting married, she had never even thought about it. She even said that she was a celibate. 
It was also because of her attitude that her parents didn’t have any thoughts of competing. After all, why would they need so much money? 
Wasn’t it enough to live without worry? 
With their daughter’s attitude, they would not have a grandson to hug either! 
Brenda was 24 years old. She was at the peak of her life, but she dolled herself up only to work at the police station. 
It really gave Justin a headache. 
However! 
What gave him a headache was not the thought of how to correct Brenda, but the worry that she would lead his daughter astray. 
The corners of Justin’s mouth twitched before he lowered his head to look at Cherry and said sincerely, “Cherry, you can’t learn anything from your aunt Brenda when you grow up!” Cherry: “…But I think Auntie is pretty cool! Mommy also said that Auntie is very carefree!” 
Justin: “!”
Pete, who was beside her, sighed silently. He stepped forward and held Cherry’s hand. “Cherry, it’s not good for you to be like this!” 
Cherry: “Why?” 
Pete: “Look, Mommy only has us because she has Daddy. But how could Auntie have a baby if she doesn’t find an uncle for us?” 
Cherry: “?” 
Pete continued, “If everyone stopped having children, won’t humans become extinct in this world sooner or later?” 
Cherry: “” 
Xander pursed his lips by the side and added, “Liar! Mommy and Daddy aren’t married yet, but there’s still the three of us, right? Besides, are you going to let Cherry bear children for another boy when she grows up?” 
Hearing this, Pete choked on his words. 
The two brothers who had a sister complex immediately stood beside Cherry. 
Pete: “No, having a child is very dangerous. Mommy has already given birth to us. There’s no other way, but Cherry, don’t give birth to a child for others!” 
Xander: “Yes, I should find another boy to bear your child!” 
Cherry: “… That’s awesome!” 
Justin: “?”
Pete interrupted Xander darkly, “Which boy are you planning to get your sister to have a child with?” 
Xander immediately came to his senses. “No, Cherry can’t fall for another boy. Boys are all bad people!” 
Pete nodded and said to Cherry, “Yes, Cherry, stay single. It’s good, just don’t be like Auntie. She likes handsome men everywhere. You can like handsome men but just look at them. Don’t get involved with them, okay?” 
Cherry: “But didn’t you say that if no one gives birth, humans on Earth will become extinct?” 
Pete: “…You’re the only one who’ll be fine without a child.” 
Cherry hesitated for a moment. “Alright, then I only like my brothers and Daddy!” 
Justin: “…” 
Wasn’t this too much?! 
However, he did not have the time to care about what the children said. After all, it was all just childish babble. He could not take them seriously. There were more important things to do now. 
Justin stopped Lawrence. “Go and clarify.” 
Philip must have found someone to flame the news. Furthermore, the matter had already blown up. It concerned Nora’s reputation. He did not want to accept it. He had to make things clear. 
Therefore, Hunt Corporation’s official page posted a message: 
“Miss Smith has indeed been to the suburban villa, but the person waiting for her in the villa was none other than President Hunt.” 
Then, he released a photo of Justin standing in a suburban villa.
There were photos as evidence and words to clarify. 
The news on the Internet immediately suppressed it. Everyone’s public opinion was guided. 
“Haha, it turned out to be a farce. The engaged couple only went for a date and was still scrutinized by the public. How ridiculous.” 
“These guys are so obsessed with wealthy families. It’s as if they themselves are from wealthy families. Are the people in wealthy families so free? You guys haven’t reached that level, but you always think so badly of them…” 
Justin’s phone rang again. 
He picked up the call and Philip’s sarcastic voice came from the other end. “Heh, I didn’t expect you to be willing to sacrifice so much for the marriage between the Smiths and Hunts. You can even tolerate being a cuckold?”
###Chapter 749
Chapter 749 Hacker Q? 
When Justin heard this, he narrowed his eyes. 
He sat down on the sofa calmly and crossed his legs. Then, he said, “Mr. Coleman, what do you mean?” 
“Heh, I thought that you and your fiancée were at least in love. I didn’t expect you to only be a couple on the surface… I must have misjudged you. I thought that, even if you’re a couple on the surface, you chose to tolerate her for the time being because you were worried that something would happen to the company. However, there must be some grudge in your heart. You don’t believe in love anymore, do you?” 
Justin said, “I believe her.” 
“Are you still trying to puff yourself up at your own cost? I’ve seen too many PR tactics like yours. Many couples in the entertainment industry have their scandals clarified by hired people. Heh! However, I never expected this to happen to you. I thought you would be more arrogant than others.” Philip’s voice was very cold. He no longer had the attitude he had on the phone last time. “You disappoint me!” 
“However, you’re indeed mother and son. You two are really good at using marriage as a bargaining chip!” 
After Philip said that, he seemed a little stubborn and crazy. He smiled sarcastically. “You’re the same as your mother. You’re always like this. Heh, you’ve disappointed me! Justin, I’ll make you pay for making me your enemy!” 
Justin frowned. 
He had sensed Philip’s coldness on the phone earlier.
However, when Philip called him last time, he had vaguely wanted to give him some pointers. Furthermore, up until now, Herman had been the one making a fuss and scaring them. Philip had not really done anything yet! 
At most, he had bought 5% of the shares from the Imperial League’s King and supported Herman. 
However, this method was child’s play to him. 
He had suddenly said that he wanted them to pay the price… This gave Justin a bad feeling. 
He looked at Lawrence suddenly. “Go, investigate. I suspect that… Philip is in New York!” 
When Lawrence heard this, he instantly straightened his back. “Yes!” 
In a villa in the suburbs. 
nan 
A tall and slender figure stood there. The man was wearing a black suit. Although he was almost fifty, he was still good-looking. One could tell from his strong eyes that he was American. 
If Iris was there, she would have noticed that Philip had gotten old. 
After all, after 20 years of hardships, their best times were gone forever. At that moment, Philip’s face was cold. He smoked a cigarette hatefully and stubbed it out in the ashtray. 
The man was shrouded in smoke. He turned back, his eyes red as he smiled sarcastically. “I thought too highly of them. Hehe, I thought that her son could really let me see what love was, but they disappointed me too much! I’m so disappointed!”
Philip strode forward and paced back and forth. He murmured, “Jason, you saw it. I gave them a chance. Over the past twenty years, I’ve given them countless chances! But what happened in the end? She didn’t withstand my test. Even her son has her blood and genes in his bones. He treated love as a marriage deal!” 
Behind him stood his secretary, Jason. “President Coleman, maybe it really was Justin in that villa? After all, his comeback at the board of directors meeting today was very unexpected. The so-called overseas fundraising was just a gimmick, a smokescreen.” 
Philip sneered when he heard that. “How is that possible? Do you think I don’t know who Nora is cheating with?” 
Jason immediately asked, “Who is it?” 
Philip lowered his eyes and sneered. “In order to figure out who she was cheating with, I got someone to hack into the villa’s system when she entered that villa. I wanted to see who that pretty boy was.” 
Jason asked, “Did you hack into it?” 
“No,” Philip said slowly. 
Jason was stunned when he heard Philip say, “You know Old K? His hacking skills are first-rate. I asked him to do this, but after he hacked into the system, he encountered an obstacle. In this world, there are only two hackers who can defeat Old K.” 
Jason subconsciously replied, “Q and Y? Then, is it Q or Y?” “0.” 
Philip said slowly, “Old K said that Q must have blocked his attack in that villa.”
When Jason heard this, he instantly understood something. He said, “You mean… the man who has an affair with Nora is Q?!” 
Q was a hacker god. It was even more impossible for him to be Nora’s bodyguard. 
Therefore, after eliminating all kinds of possibilities, there was only one possibility left-Nora’s pretty boy was Q! 
Philip nodded. “That’s right. Besides, I asked around about Q later. Smith Corporation had never been able to convince Q to work for them, but after Nora returned to the family, Q joined them as well. I don’t believe that these two people don’t have any feelings for each other!” 
Jason nodded. “There must have been some private relationship between Nora and Q! No wonder Q had been hiding his identity all along. It turns out that he was being kept in a golden house!” 
Philip’s eyes were filled with disappointment. “Even I realized it. With Justin’s temperament, do you think he wouldn’t notice it?” 
Jason shook his head. “He must have.” 
They had to admit that Justin was talented. 
Philip clenched his fists. “Therefore, I’ve been waiting to see what Justin would do when he’s in the same situation I was back then. However, I never expected that he would be willing to be cheated on for the marriage between the Hunt and the Smith Corporation! Business is important, but is it that important? He really disappoints me!” 
Jason lowered his head and sighed silently. 
He had been with his boss for so many years, how could he not understand his thoughts?
The boss had always liked Iris so much that he wanted her to apologize. As long as she lowered her head, the boss would definitely give in. 
Otherwise, how could his boss still be single after 20 years? 
Furthermore, even after Iris and Justin violated the agreement from back then, the boss did not plan to kill them all. He had always adopted a loud and simple method. 
Even during this fight for the position of chairman, the boss had given them a way out. 
He had even said to himself that if Justin could withstand his test, he could consider letting them go. 
After all… he had never seen such a smile on Iris’s face when she was with her granddaughter and grandsons. 
However, he did not expect Justin to disappoint him so much. 
Jason did not know how to persuade his boss to let go. 
At that moment, he heard Philip’s order. “Let them… do it!” 
Philip had originally thought that he and Iris had been punished for 20 years for holding back. He actually did not want this to continue. He wanted to let go. If Justin had given him an answer and told him that he should not have probed too much, then this matter might have ended. 
However, he did not expect that they would still end up fighting.
###Chapter 750
Chapter 750 Brenda “Compromised” 
When Nora woke up, it was already the next day. 
She stretched and sat up slowly. She realized that Brenda and the three little heads were staring at her. When they saw her, Brenda heaved a sigh of relief. She held her chin with both hands and said slowly, “Nora, you’re finally awake.” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and continued to stretch before asking, “What’s wrong?” 
“You really kept a pretty boy outside. Nora, you’re really too much!” 
Nora: “?” 
Then, she heard Brenda’s next sentence. “How can you not tell me about your pretty boy? No matter what, let me help you choose! Also…” 
Brenda was very nosy. Her eyes were very bright as she asked, “Is that person handsome? Compared to my brother?” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her mouth twitched. She ignored Brenda and looked at the three children. When the three children saw that she was awake, they automatically walked to the sofa and sat there to play. 
Nora lifted the blanket and got out of bed in her pajamas. She yawned and entered the bathroom. 
She was about to enter when her hand was grabbed by Brenda.
She turned around and saw Brenda, who was usually playful, sigh. “Nora, um… why don’t you give up that pretty boy of yours?!” 
She lowered her eyes. “Actually, I can tell that you and my brother are in love. Why do you need someone to interfere between the two of you? Go apologize to my brother. He has already helped you suppress the matter. He shouldn’t mind, right?” 
It was the first time Nora had seen Brenda acting so serious. She was about to explain when she saw Brenda change her attitude from before. “But if that’s the case, won’t that handsome man you have outside be left helpless? He’s so pitiful. I think you should give him to me?” 
Nora: “?” 
The corners of her mouth twitched. She decided to ignore Brenda. 
This woman was never reliable! 
After entering the bathroom, she washed up and walked out. She played with the three children for a few hours before leaving in the afternoon and continuing to the suburban villa. 
She was at her wits’ end. 
She had just read the message when Solo said that he wanted to come to look for her and ask her to find a place to stay. 
Fortunately, there were two villas. 
Otherwise… 
According to Justin’s petty character, the villa they lived in would definitely not be lent to Solo.
After her car drove into the villa, she saw a tall, thin, and fair boy standing there in a daze with messy hair. 
When he saw her, Solo instantly rushed over and tried to grab her hand. “Anti, I’m here to tour New York. Are you okay with me staying for a while longer?!” 
Nora avoided his enthusiastic hand and said, “No ions.” 
Then, she brought Solo to the door of Villa No. 
Along the way, Nora made sure that no one was following her. Otherwise, at this critical moment, if she was photographed again, it would really be difficult to explain. 
When Nora thought of this, she simply threw the key to Solo. “Go in yourself. Order takeout if you want to eat anything. I’ll leave first.” Hacker Solo:  
He was stunned. “Anti, is this how you treat distant guests?” 
Nora did not turn back. She waved her hand and got into the driver’s seat coolly. Then, she drove away. 
When Solo saw her like this, he could only sigh silently. “You’re really rude to your 
guest!” 
He entered the villa angrily. 
A small head suddenly emerged from the grass in the distance. 
As an Interpol officer and a professional, Brenda was best at tracking and investigation. For the sake of her brother’s happiness, she had spent a lot of effort today to find this villa where her sister-in-law kept
her pretty boy. 
She thought about it and walked to the villa’s door. She knocked. “Who is it?” 
A wary voice came from inside. 
Brenda: “Open the door.” 
Solo opened the door. 
Without a word, Brenda fell into his arms. “I’m sorry. I have low blood sugar. Can you give me something to eat?” 
When Solo saw a woman, he subconsciously held Brenda. When he heard her words, he looked up and realized that the woman in front of him was extremely stunning. Her long eyes were enchanting. She was simply born charming! 
How could he reject such a person? 
Solo’s face turned red, and he did not even know where to place his hands and feet. The shy man moved aside. “Okay… Okay!” 
Brenda took the opportunity to size up Solo. 
This man was very thin. At a glance, he was the kind of technical geek who stayed in the room all year round and rarely went out to see people. 
However, his facial features were very delicate. 
How could a pretty boy supported by his sister-in-law be bad? 
As Brenda thought about this, she smiled at Solo and followed him in.
Sigh, in order to let her sister-in-law and brother live happily together, she could only compromise and sacrifice herself to abduct this pretty boy! 
– 
In the President’s Office. 
The tall French windows illuminated the room. The black-and-white color scheme made the room look very majestic. 
Justin leaned back in his chair. 
Lawrence and Sean stood in front of him as they reported. “Philip Coleman attacked several of our clients within a day and interrupted all our projects from the past quarter. Boss, what’s wrong with Philip Coleman?” 
Sean pushed up his glasses in silence and said, “He had been shouting arrogantly previously, but he didn’t do much. He only gave Herman 5% of the shares. But now, he must have provoked Herman somehow and made him start suppressing them wantonly. Fortunately, those are our long-term clients. Now, due to Philip Coleman’s pressure, the clients don’t dare to continue working with us but they haven’t agreed to work with Philip Coleman either. After all, they still trust us a lot.” 
Lawrence sneered. “Of course they trust us. How much have they earned from following us all these years? If they leave us immediately after being threatened, then we won’t work with them in the future! Hunt Corporation might still care about their little money. Does Boss care?” 
Lawrence was really irritated when something happened.
Sean was silent for a moment before saying, “I don’t think it’s a good thing for us to continue arguing. After all, Philip Coleman is also a member of the Imperial League. He must have misunderstood something to suddenly launch such a huge attack. It’s almost a lose-lose situation. I think the best way is to figure out why. Why is he so sure that Nora has someone outside?” 
Lawrence was dissatisfied. “Sean, are you afraid? What are you afraid of? Just attack!” 
The corners of Sean’s mouth twitched. “We can’t shrink back to investigate. Personally, I don’t think we need to engage in an indifferent business battle. After all, Hunt Corporation can’t handle his suppression yet. If this continues, Hunt Corporation will either go bankrupt or King would have to invest in it. But this way, it would be too obvious. Boss’s identity might be exposed. Therefore, we should carefully consider the situation now.”
###Chapter 751
Chapter 751 Q’s Identity Has Been Found! 
Sean’s words made sense. 
It was to the extent that Lawrence didn’t even know what to say anymore. He lowered his head and muttered to himself, “But if we take the initiative to contact them, then it will look like we have accepted defeat.” 
Taking the initiative to contact the enemy made it look as though they were begging for mercy. 
Sean looked at him. He really didn’t know what he should be saying about him anymore. 
In the end, he looked at Justin and asked, “Boss, what do you think?” 
Justin would never decide against investigating what exactly had happened just because he didn’t want to be embarrassed, and end up making enemies for himself everywhere. 
The first principle of business was to hold harmony above all else. 
Justin’s fingers tapped against the sofa, his expression surprisingly calm. Although he was rather angry at Philip’s insistence that Nora had cheated on him, his rationality was still intact. 
He slowly replied, “The question here is, will they tell you even if you ask them about it?” 
Sean frowned. 
That was also what he was worried about. 
Philip had made it clear that they intended to be on opposing sides with them. His attitude was as though he couldn’t be bothered to talk to Justin, and as though he was determined to drive them to their wits’
end. At a time like this, even if he sent Sean to bow down and ask them about it, Philip definitely couldn’t be bothered to say anything. 
When Justin saw the big frown on Sean’s face, he finally smiled and said, “What’s the hurry? Tell those clients to persevere for a while longer. Even if we don’t ask him about it, someone will approach him and find out for us just what has happened!” 
Lawrence was dumbfounded when he heard him. He asked, “Boss, who’s going to ask them about it for us?” 
Sean: 1 
Justin: “…” 
Justin ignored Lawrence, lowered his head, and continued to read his documents and deal with work matters. 
As for Sean, the corners of his lips spasmed and he lowered his head and said, “I know what to do now.” 
Lawrence was still confused. “Sean, what have you realized? What are you and the boss talking in riddles about?!” 
“… You’re better off just continuing being the bootlicker,” replied Sean. 
Lawrence’s attention was immediately diverted. “Damn you, Sean! Are you looking for a beating or what? You’re the bootlicker! Everyone in your family is a bootlicker! What I rely on are my education and abilities, okay?” 
The two left the Hunt Corporation bickering.
After they stepped out, Sean happened to see Herman walking by in front of him, so he suddenly stopped. 
Lawrence bumped into him at once. “What are you doing? Has Philip scared you so badly that your mind isn’t functioning anymore?” 
Sean frowned and sighed. “How can that be? No matter how powerful Philip is, this is America! America will protect us. Besides, he isn’t just up against the Hunt Corporation, but both the Hunt Corporation and the Smith Corporation, which are leading companies in the country. If we were overseas, we definitely won’t be his match, but given the current situation, it’s hard to say who the winner will be!” 
Lawrence nodded. “You are right!” 
Sean spoke again. “No wonder Boss decided to cover up the news about Ms. Smith cheating. Unless we absolutely have no other choice, news of it mustn’t get out.” 
Lawrence: “?” 
He was dumbfounded. He wanted to reprimand Sean and say that Ms. Smith hadn’t cheated on Justin and that the person in the villa was none other than Justin himself! 
Other people might not know any better, but he had delivered food to Justin before! 
But when he looked up, he happened to see Herman standing where he was. The elevator had obviously already arrived, yet he didn’t enter. Lawrence got it right away. 
The guy was indeed rather smart, otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to stay by Justin’s side and help him fend off all of the unwanted advances on him all these years. 
He promptly and decisively said, “Yeah, it’s just that Boss has suffered some grievances. Sigh!”
Sean and Lawrence exchanged a look. Then, both walked into the corridor next to them in unison. 
After they left, Herman’s face turned green. 
Lauren, who was beside him, looked at Herman’s expression and immediately said, “I didn’t expect that Justin would be willing to even be cuckolded just so he could keep his position! Sigh, he may despise you, but at least you were much better than him back then!” 
Herman suddenly looked at her. “You talk too much!” 
Lauren knew that Herman didn’t want to talk about the shame and humiliation of being forced to give up his wife, so she immediately said, “Don’t take it to heart too much. What happened back then was not your fault, really.” 
Herman lowered his head. “If Justin loses the Smiths’ support, I wonder how long he’ll be able to keep his position as president of the company!” 
Lauren’s eyes flickered when she heard this. 
She said, “I’ll go and ask around.” 
The two went downstairs. With their chauffeur driving, Herman took Lauren to the hotel where Philip was staying. He had just set up a meet with Philip, the two were really planning to join forces this time. 
In the hotel. 
In the study, Herman and Philip discussed how they should go about suppressing the Hunt Corporation. Lauren’s status was not worthy of seeing Philip yet, so she could only chat with Jason, Philip’s assistant, outside the door.
Jason’s hands were placed in front of him, and he stood where he was in a prim and proper manner without moving at all. It was obvious at a glance that he was trained in martial arts. He was not only Philip’s assistant but also his bodyguard. 
After a moment’s thought, Lauren leaned over and asked, “Mr. Jason, to be honest, even though Herman and Justin are fighting each other in the company, Iris is still in charge of family affairs. I plan to fight for the housekeeping rights, so I’d like to ask you a favor.” 
Jason glanced at her with some disdain, but he nevertheless asked, “What kind of favor?” 
Lauren said tentatively, “Originally, the matter about Nora Smith’s cheating was already a sure bet, but who knew that Justin would suddenly pop up out of nowhere and insist that he was in the villa during those few days. In truth, he had actually gone abroad during that time. We all know this very well, but even so, I don’t have any actual evidence, so I can’t cement the fact that Nora cheated either… If the news about her cheating can be cemented and posted onto the Internet, the Hunts will have to break off the engagement with the Smiths, even if it’s just to avoid embarrassing themselves. When that happens, he won’t have any help from the Smiths anymore.” 
Upon hearing this, Jason lowered his eyes and suddenly said, “Nora Smith’s secret lover is Q the hacker.” 
“What?” Lauren didn’t expect to sound such important information out of Jason so easily. She said in surprise, “Really?” 
“Yeah,” Jason told her about the evidence he’d found. 
Lauren instantly understood.
After Herman and Lauren left, Jason finally entered the office and said, “I have told Lauren about Nora Smith keeping Q as a lover.” 
“Okay.” 
Philip said, “Eagle of the Imperial League is probably a Smith. I don’t want to fall out with the members of the group either.” 
After all, King had taken Eagle’s side the last time. 
Therefore, when Herman was on the way over earlier that day, Philip had hinted to Jason to give them the true identity of Nora’s secret lover, as well as evidence of it. 
— 
On the third day. 
As soon as Nora woke up, she received a call from a concerned Tanya. In a low and hoarse voice, Nora asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Tanya said immediately, “Nora, you are trending on social media again! They are saying that they’ve found out who the pretty boy you’re keeping as a lover is!”
###Chapter 752
Chapter 752 It’s Okay For Her To Blow Her Cover As Q! 
Nora: “?” 
Hadn’t the news about her having a secret pretty boy lover already been clarified? They had already said that the so-called “lover” was Justin! 
Why were they saying that they had discovered her lover’s identity again? 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she said, “The so-called ‘pretty boy’ is Justin.” 
“… I knew it was definitely fake news! With your personality, Mr. Hunt alone is already enough to affect your sleep. How would you possibly ever have another lover?” 
Nora: “?” 
After she hung up on Tanya’s call, she opened the link that her friend had sent her. The headline of the article was ‘Rich Engaged Couple Fills In Loopholes For Each Other’ while the subheading was ‘Poor Mr. H’. 
The article’s content, however, was ridiculing the man for actually being willing to even take a loss such as his fiancée cheating on him, just for the sake of his political marriage with another wealthy family. He was exceptionally quick and decisive in accepting the fact that he’d been cuckolded, showing that a certain Mr. H was not as bad-ass and domineering as what everyone thought, after all. 
In the comments, a group of people criticized the author for lying through his teeth and spouting nonsense when he didn’t even have any evidence. 
The author then dished out tough talk:
How was there no evidence? To find out who on earth was staying in the villa, K the hacker had specially hacked into the system, but unexpectedly, he was met with friendly fire. 
Although he didn’t manage to see what the other party looked like, K was sure that the person who had blocked his invasion was Q! 
Q was the Smith Corporation’s network consultant. It could be said that ever since Q took up the position, the Smith Corporation’s firewall had improved even further and that there had been no major problems so far. 
As everyone knew, Q only became the Smith Corporation’s network consultant after Ms. Smith returned to the Smiths. From this, one could conclude that the pretty boy whom Ms. Smith was keeping as a lover was none other than Q! 
It was no wonder that Q never accepted private gigs from outsiders. As it turned out, it was because he already had such a huge patron! 
The evidence presented on the Internet was complete and comprehensive. On top of that, a video of K hacking into the villa’s network system that day was also posted. In the video was a big battle involving a bunch of programming codes. The villa’s hacker had defeated K in the end. 
Those who couldn’t understand the codes would say, “How amazing!” 
As for those who could, all the more they would say, “They have completely reached a skill ceiling in the world of hackers! It can’t get any more impressive than that!” 
Just like that, some of the comments digressed from the original topic. However, they were quickly brought back to topic by others. 
“It is said that Mr. H has offended an influential figure, and it’s to the extent that his company is about to face a crisis! The political marriage between the two wealthy families is at a critical juncture right now.
Without the protection of a certain Smith family, I’m afraid Mr. H will find himself in an even worse situation! No wonder he has even accepted being cuckolded!” 
“Speaking of which, those three children may not be Mr. H’s either, right? Surely he isn’t raising another man’s children on top of being cuckolded, right?” 
Nora merely found the endless Internet abuse funny. 
They were saying that her secret lover was she herself? 
Her lips curled into a sneer. As she was not sure who the one spreading the news was, she ignored all the related content on the Internet, opened her bedroom door, and went downstairs. 
Justin had skipped work that day and was sitting on the sofa downstairs and watching Cherry play games. 
Cherry was dissing people while she played games. 
Xander was cheering for her from the sidelines. 
Pete stared at the two of them in silence, sighed, and picked up the Mathematical Olympiad worksheets in front of him. 
Seeing the three of them like that, a troubled Nora rubbed her temples. At last, she said, “Um, why don’t we send the three children to kindergarten?” 
“I don’t wanna!” Cherry was the first to to the suggestion. She said, “Cellphones are not allowed in kindergarten!”
Xander didn’t want to go either. “Why would I want to hang out with a bunch of stupid kids? I’m not going!” 
Pete was the only one whose eyes lit up. He looked at Nora, and then at Justin. However, the words at the tip of his tongue did a U-turn and he swallowed them back down. In the end, he merely coughed and said, “I think we should go.” 
“Why?” 
“Why should I?” 
Cherry and Xander looked at him in unison. 
Pete hurriedly said, “Mommy and Daddy are usually very busy at work, so they don’t have any time to spend with us. It’s not right of us to coop ourselves up at home all the time. Besides, Mia is a pushover, so who knows if she’s being bullied at school? If we go, we can protect her. Moreover, didn’t God-mom say she wants to take you as her apprentice and teach you how to dance, Cherry?” 
Cherry: “…” 
Despite the huge internal struggle, when she thought of how much of a pushover Mia was, she sighed and said, “Okay then, I suppose!” 
Xander was still opposed to it, but Pete ignored him and said, “Then I’ll contact the kindergarten teachers and tell them that the three of us are coming to school tomorrow.” 
Xander: “…” 
He followed after Pete. “Hey, I didn’t say that I’m going to school. You…” 
As they spoke, the two of them went upstairs to the study to call the kindergarten.
Seeing this, Cherry also followed after them. She called out, “Pete! Xander! Wait for me!” 
After the three children went upstairs, Nora finally looked at Justin and asked, “Do you know about the ongoings on the Internet? Are you the one behind it?” 
She thought that Justin had set up something. 
However, Justin replied, “Lauren got a reporter to post that news online.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Justin, however, smiled and said, “I was just about to ask you something too. Is it okay for your secret identity as Q to be exposed?” 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. 
It didn’t matter to her anymore. 
In the past, she had been averse to blowing her cover only because of her mother’s final words. The mysterious organization was already after her, though, so what was there for her to be afraid of now? 
Practically right at this moment, Mrs. Hunt’s voice came from outside the door. “Where is that woman?! Kick that unfaithful woman who’s fooling around outside and giving Justin a bad name out of the house!” 
As the voice rang out, Lauren helped Mrs. Hunt into the room. 
After they entered, Mrs. Hunt’s gaze fell on Nora first. Then, she looked at Justin and said, “Justin, did you see what that woman has done? Yet you still want to protect her?! What on earth are you thinking?! How can you be so muddleheaded?! Is this a loss that you should be accepting?! Kick her out of the house! We can’t have a matriarch like her in the Hunts!”
Her hands shook with anger. “To make matters worse, she actually made all those things she did common knowledge! How utterly embarrassing!” 
Lauren also sighed. “Ms. Smith, Justin is utterly devoted to you, yet you have disappointed him so. How can you do something like that?” 
She looked at Justin triumphantly. “And you too, Justin. In order to gain the Smiths’ support, you actually plan to even cover up something like that? If you choose to compromise now, that woman will only become even more brazen in the future! Look at what she’s doing all day! Apart from sleeping, she doesn’t do anything decent! Break off the engagement, Justin. You deserve better! Also, the Smiths must give us an explanation for this!” 
If they insisted on an explanation from the Smiths, then the Hunts and the Smiths were bound to fall out. 
A proud Lauren thought to herself that she had really done some excellent work for Herman this time!!
###Chapter 753
Chapter 753 Press Conference 
Mrs. Hunt immediately rebuked Lauren angrily. “What kind of explanation do you want from them? Nora didn’t grow up with the Smiths at all, what kind of responsibility would possibly lie with the Smiths? Don’t talk nonsense! Even if the engagement is called off, the cooperative relationship between the two families will not change! After all, the children belong to both of them. They are also Smiths’ grandchildren!” 
The Hunts weren’t trying to curry favor with the Smiths. However, if her grandson had the Smiths’ support, then he would have a much easier time in the future. 
The moment Justin defeated Herman, Mrs. Hunt had sided with Justin. 
Although she knew that a rift had already formed between her and her grandson the moment she stepped forward to defend Herman, everything she did was for the good of the Hunts. 
Justin could be said to have been brought up by Mrs. Hunt. Her feelings for her son and grandson were the same. 
Now, she would support whoever was more capable. 
Take, for example, Raymond. He was also her son, but she had still sided with Justin without any hesitation back then. 
Lauren curled her lips disdainfully. 
However, she did not dare to refute Mrs. Hunt. In this family, only with the old lady’s approval would she be able to go further.
She said, “Yes, yes, you’re right. Nora is not equivalent to the Smiths… I’m just afraid that the Smiths will fight for the custody of the children once they call off their engagement.” 
As soon as she said that, Mrs. Hunt’s brows drew together tightly and she subconsciously said, “Pete mustn’t be given to them!” 
But right after that, she hesitated. “Cherry likes her father, so she should also stay. We should respect the children’s wishes!” 
Lauren sighed. “Ian Smith is not someone who will compromise easily.” Mrs. Hunt sneered, “The Smith Corporation now belongs to Joel Smith. Will he want Pete to go there and compete with his children for the family’s assets?” 
Lauren, however, was still embellishing the story. “But Ian is still around…” 
Mrs. Hunt looked at her sharply. “It’s precisely because Ian is still around that we should talk it out with them properly! Everything is negotiable! However, the fault doesn’t lie with us in this matter!” 
She looked straight at Nora. “You know very well what you’ve done out there. You have let the Hunts down! Especially when you can’t even clean up after yourself properly, causing the whole thing to blow up so badly. You’re such a good-for-nothing!” 
Mrs. Hunt was right. 
If the matter wasn’t exposed to outsiders, then even if she felt frustrated about it, she could still bear with Nora. 
After all, it was always better for such scandals to be covered up. But now that it had been exposed, she would have to see that the matter was dealt with!
The more she thought about it, the more frustrated she became. The way she was looking at Nora was as if she wanted to rip her apart. “You’re so shameless and an utter disgrace! Ugh!” 
S mon 
Nora ignored her. She was more than happy to watch the two act like clowns. 
However, when Mrs. Hunt suddenly verbally attacked Nora, Justin would have none of it. His expression darkened and he said, “Grandma, you shouldn’t be so bitter towards Nora when it’s not clear what is going on 
yet!” 
“It’s not clear what is going on yet?” Mrs. Hunt looked at him furiously. “You actually know very well that she cheated on you, don’t you? Are you still playing dumb with me about what is going on? They’ve even found out who she cheated with by now! Yet you are still telling me that it’s not clear what is going on yet? Justin, why have you suddenly become so muddleheaded?!” 
Justin lowered his gaze. “Grandma, you’re the one who’s being muddleheaded!” 
Lauren interjected, “Let’s have a good talk about who the muddleheaded one really is today. Nora, I have a question for you: The rumors on the Internet are so vivid and convincing, so was Q in that villa you visited or not?!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. She’d just woken up, so her lips were a little dry. She licked them a little before she slowly replied, “Yes, Q was there.” 
Lauren scoffed, “There we go.” 
Justin looked at her and said unhurriedly and dispassionately, “I was also in the villa.”
Lauren scoffed. “Justin, are you still defending her when things have already come to this point? You were also in the villa? What were you doing there? Surely you weren’t there just to watch them cozy up to each other, right? Or perhaps you’re trying to say that Q was only staying there temporarily? Why does Q have to stay in Nora’s villa when the Smiths own so many houses? 
“Don’t bother coming up with some kind of excuse that Q is a security guard or something, either. Would Q act as a security guard for you guys when he’s such an amazing hacker?! Stop your poorly disguised attempts to cover up the truth!” 
Mrs. Hunt also spoke earnestly. “Justin, don’t defend her anymore. I know what you are worried about. Don’t worry, I will give you my shares. With Grandma here, I won’t allow your father to overwhelm you again! As for the Smiths… Let’s move on. There is no need for you to suffer such grievances!” 
Mrs. Hunt’s heart was truly aching over him. She thought that her grandson was only putting up with it because of either the Smiths or the children. 
After all, Justin was a man of great forbearance. 
At this point, the butler came in. When he saw them, he paused for a while before he said, “Sir, there are some reporters outside. They would like to interview you about… Ms. Smith’s ch… going out on a date.” 
As soon as he said that, Lauren curled her lips disdainfully and said, “Look at what’s happening, it’s to the point that even the reporters are here! The Hunts have really embarrassed themselves! Justin, are you still going to protect that woman?” 
Mrs. Hunt also said, “Justin, you have to be firm and decisive. Go out and tell the reporters right away that you’re calling off the engagement!” 
Justin looked at Nora. When he saw her giving him a slight nod, he said, “Take the reporters to the reception hall.”
“Yes, sir.” 
The butler left to make the arrangements. They were going to hold a small press conference in the reception hall at home. 
“Justin, you haven’t become totally muddleheaded, after all!” 
Mrs. Hunt breathed a sigh of relief. She looked at Nora and said, “Let’s go over together! We’ll make things clear today!” 
She took the lead. 
Nora and Justin followed behind her leisurely. 
Lauren suddenly came up to Nora and asked with a soft laugh, “Ms. Smith, I know it’s not appropriate of me to ask something like this, but is Q good-looking? I can’t help it; master hackers like Q and Y are simply too mysterious, so I’m really curious!” 
Even though she claimed that she was asking out of curiosity, she was merely trying to bring up Q to disgust Justin! 
She’d thought that Nora would be evasive about the topic, but unexpectedly, Nora actually thought about it for a while before she answered, “Yeah, Q is handsome.” 
Lauren: “?” 
Was the situation already so bad to Ms. Smith that to make it worse made no real difference to her? 
She took the opportunity to ask, “He is? I don’t believe you, surely he can’t be more handsome than Justin, right?”
Nora glanced at Justin. Her lips curled into a smile and she replied, “Yeah, I think Q is more handsome than him.” 
After speaking, she even raised her eyebrows, looked at Justin, and asked, “What do you think?” 
Lauren: “?” 
Nora must be out of her mind! To think she had even ripped off the very last bit of decency. She was in for a good show later!
###Chapter 754
Chapter 754 Nora Smith Is Q! 
At the same time, Lauren was also secretly delighted. Given how she had just provoked Justin, he would definitely lose his temper! 
Just as she was thinking about that, Justin thought for a while before he looked at Nora with a smile and said, “Q is prettier than me.” 
Lauren: “” 
She was a little confused. At the same time, she also became a little uneasy. However, she didn’t quite understand why she was feeling so uneasy. 
The lack of hostility between the two also confused her very much. 
Why on earth was Justin being so tolerant towards Nora? 
Even Herman had been jealous when he discovered that Iris and Philip were in a relationship before! 
While she was puzzled and uneasy, Nora and Justin entered the reception hall. 
As soon as the two entered, the reporters started to fire questions at them madly: 
“Mr. Hunt, do you have an explanation for the exposé on the Internet? Is Q really staying at Ms. Smith’s villa in the suburbs?” 
Justin smiled calmly at the question. He glanced at Nora and said, “I suppose you can say that.” 
His words caused an uproar among the reporters.
Was he planning to admit to the cheating? 
Should Nora be revealed to be cheating, then Justin would definitely break off his engagement with her! 
“So, are the two of you holding this press conference to announce your engagement annulment?” 
A bold reporter voiced a question. 
The Smiths and the Hunts’ political marriage impacted the New York business circle, so everyone was very concerned about it. 
Mrs. Hunt nodded when she heard the question. 
Unexpectedly, the next moment, Justin instead answered, “No.” 
Everyone: “?” 
As everyone looked at him in puzzlement, Justin explained, “I am indeed the one my fiancée was on a date with at the suburban villa.” 
As soon as he said that, one of the reporters there let out a soft laugh. 
Mrs. Hunt also glared at him. 
Lauren frowned. Right away, she said a little sarcastically, “So, the three of you were on a date in the suburban villa? Surely it can’t be that you and Ms. Smith were playing host to Q in the suburban villa, right? And then by chance, you guys encountered someone planning to hack into the villa’s network to see who Ms. Smith is on a date with? If so, then what a huge coincidence that is!” 
This was the only possibility that Lauren could think of.
The reporters snickered even more. 
That excuse couldn’t get any more hilarious, alright? 
On top of that, it was an utterly brainless one too! 
One of the gutsy busybodies among the reporters spoke up. 
“Mr. Hunt, are you still protecting your fiancée even at a time like this? Is the Hunt Corporation really done for? Has it come to the point where you have no choice but to rely on the Smiths? 
“Or is it not so much that the Hunt Corporation is done for but rather, Mr. Hunt has suffered too great a loss from the infighting? You can’t break off the engagement with the Smiths, so you’re deliberately making that excuse? 
“Even so, that’s too hilarious an excuse. Q is obviously staying at the Smiths’ villa, yet you are still saying that you’re the one on a date with Ms. Smith. Surely it can’t be that you are Q himself, right?! Hahaha…” 
His last sentence was completely a joke. 
However, it suddenly alarmed Lauren. 
Her head whipped towards Justin, and she suddenly thought of something that Herman had once said: “Justin is very smart. He has demonstrated a high level of understanding of computer technology before.” 
Could it be that… Justin really was Q? 
No wonder he and Nora had been unusually composed just now.
The thought made her raise her head suddenly and look at Justin nervously, for fear that he would say that he was indeed Q. 
If so, wouldn’t their upcoming plans be utterly disrupted? 
While she was thinking, a stern and serious Justin replied, “Of course I’m not Q.” 
Lauren let out a huge sigh of relief. 
Everything was fine as long as he wasn’t Q! 
As long as he wasn’t Q, the allegations of Nora’s cheating would be cemented! 
The reporter was just joking, but unexpectedly, Justin had actually answered him so seriously, which made him pause for a moment. 
Just as everyone was about to continue with their questions, a low voice rang out. 
“I am Q.”
###Chapter 755
Chapter 755 Iris Goes Missing, Meeting Again 
As soon as the voice rang out, everyone looked at the woman standing beside Justin in unison. 
Nora was dressed casually in black streetwear with her hair loose behind her. She looked lazy and relaxed as she stood where she was, as though she was still half-asleep. 
However, the woman had a powerful presence that was hard to ignore. 
Even so, everyone thought that they must have misheard what she just said. One by one, they looked at her. Someone asked incredulously, “M-Ms. Smith, did you say something just now?” 
Nora yawned impatiently. 
She wasn’t in the mood to watch the show when the one she was facing was a reporter. 
She couldn’t be bothered to speak, so Justinwho usually also couldn’t be bothered to speak and usually let Lawrence speak on his behalf—had no choice but to speak on her behalf. 
Justin heaved a silent sigh inwardly. 
After he entered a relationship with Nora, even he found himself too long-winded sometimes! 
He immediately said, “Yes, that’s right. Let me make the introductions, everyone. My fiancée is none other than Q. However, Q is just her alias. My fiancée has never done anything illegal with this identity.” 
This was one of the reasons why it was okay for Q’s identity to be made public! 
The whole place suddenly fell silent. However, someone soon spoke.
“No wonder… no wonder Q was the one who counterattacked when that person invaded the network during Ms. Smith’s visit to the villa. And no wonder Q was the one who built the villa’s Internet firewall…” 
“My god, people even said that it was because Q is having an affair with Ms. Smith that he started to work for the Smiths after Ms. Smith returned to the family… But Ms. Smith is a herself! No wonder Q became the Smiths’ network consultant after she returned to the family!” 
“So that’s how it is. No wonder Mr. Hunt said that he’s the one on a date with Ms. Smith the whole time, and even when Q’s identity was exposed, his stance didn’t change… As it turns out, this is actually just a misunderstanding!” 
While everyone was questioning Nora’s claim, Lauren’s shrill voice interjected them, of course. She exclaimed, “T-that’s impossible! H-how can she possibly be Q?” 
When Justin said that he was not Q, Lauren had been very excited. 
But unexpectedly, Q wasn’t Justin but Nora?! 
No, that was absolutely impossible! This was definitely something they had come up with in an attempt to guide public opinion! 
She looked straight at Justin. “How can you spin such stories? There’s no way she’s Q! Unless she can produce evidence of it!” 
Justin sneered. But before he could speak, Nora suddenly asked, “Are you unconvinced?” 
She glanced at Lauren casually, and then at the reporters, who were obviously rather skeptical. She let out a low laugh and said coldly, “I welcome your challenge any time.” 
Her glance struck fear into them. 
Who would still doubt her when she had already talked so big?!
A video of Nora saying that, as well as the look in her eyes when she looked at the reporters, happened to be filmed and then posted on the Internet. 
For a time, Nora became the target of everyone’s worship and admiration. 
In fact, some even thought that that look in her eyes was simply too cool, too alpha, and too sassy! A group of people started to call her their husband in the article. 
Just like that, the public opinion crisis was easily resolved. 
After the reporters left, Mrs. Hunt looked at Nora with a complicated look in her eyes and swallowed. Suddenly, she asked, “Are you really Q?” 
Nora did not speak. 
However, Mrs. Hunt went on by herself. Her voice shook as she said, “Not only are you Anti, but you’re also Dr. Zabe’s direct disciple. And now, you are actually Q too… W-what other identities do you still have?” 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. “I probably don’t have any more, I can’t remember.” 
Justin: “…” 
Wasn’t it more like she had too many identities, so she didn’t know which one to mention?! 
He then looked at Mrs. Hunt and asked, “So, Grandma, do you still have any ions about Nora?” 
Did she still have any ions about her?
To be honest, the reason why Mrs. Hunt found Nora so ionable was actually the fact that she always looked so lazy and lax all the time, as though she couldn’t wake up at all. She simply couldn’t stand it. 
But considering how impressive she was, how could she possibly not see her in a new light?! 
Mrs. Hunt clenched her jaw, reluctant to admit that she had wronged Nora. She said stubbornly, “Since this is all a misunderstanding, then why didn’t you say so earlier? By doing that, aren’t you just deepening the misunderstanding for no reason?” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Tsk, the old lady was still trying to forcibly justify her actions! 
However, the old lady was a little stuck-up and not very honest with her feelings, so she couldn’t change her way of thinking just yet. She didn’t want to bother herself with her. 
It was instead Justin who suddenly said, “If I don’t pretend to be muddleheaded, then how would I be able to make you see certain people’s true colors?” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. Bewildered, she asked, “What?” 
Justin sneered, “Who do you think spread the news that Nora was keeping Q as a lover to outsiders? Also, do you think ordinary people can afford to hire a hacker like K to investigate Nora? Or are you saying that he was just being nosy, so he wanted to check it out himself? Then, he happened to find out that it was Q, and also coincidentally happened to tell you about it. Am I right, Lauren?” 
When Justin saw that Lauren was planning to leave, he looked straight at her when he said his last sentence and called her out. 
Lauren stopped.
Mrs. Hunt suddenly understood something. At once, she looked at her and exclaimed, “It’s you?! Didn’t I already tell you?! We can just resolve the Hunts’ family matters by ourselves! We shouldn’t hang our dirty laundry in public! Yet you actually blew the matter up for your own interests?!” 
Lauren wanted to explain herself. “Mom, I…” 
“Don’t call me Mom! I don’t have a daughter-in-law like you! Get out! Get out of the house! You’re not allowed to ever enter 
again!” 
Mrs. Hunt slammed her walking stick onto the floor and ordered loudly. 
Lauren and Herman could come and go freely in the Hunts’ manor only because Mrs. Hunt had agreed to let them into the manor. 
Also, no matter what, Justin couldn’t stop a son from visiting his mother, either, right? 
But now that Mrs. Hunt had given the order, Lauren could forget about ever entering the manor again. 
With that, Lauren had been completely kicked out of the Hunts. 
After Mrs. Hunt mercilessly drove Lauren out of the manor, she looked at Justin with a complicated expression. 
After a while, the old lady muttered, “Oh Justin… I’ve gotten old… I’m not going to bother with the Hunts’ affairs anymore!” 
After saying this, she heaved a sigh. Fanny held her arm and supported the shaky old lady. Then, the two of them left.
As Nora stared at the old lady’s hunched back, she knew that the old lady would likely never make trouble for her again in the future. 
She looked at Justin. Just as she was about to speak, the butler suddenly walked in. With a big frown, he said, “Sir, Mdm. Iris went grocery shopping this morning to pick some ingredients for Pete and the others, but she’s still not back yet. I just called her, as well as the men who went with her, but none of them answered. Mdm. Iris… she’s missing!” 
Justin frowned at once. “What did you say?!” 
His voice suddenly became stern and severe. Iris… was missing?! 
He looked straight at Nora. 
Nora instantly understood something. “It must be Philip!” 
Philip had come to New York recently, so all of them had been very careful. However, Philip’s focus had stayed on the business disputes the whole time, so it had given them the misconception that he intended to win them through their fight in commerce. 
Who would have thought that he would suddenly abduct Iris?! 
In a villa in the suburbs of New York. 
A cold Iris looked frostily at the man in front of her. 
Twenty years later, the man had become both familiar yet also a stranger to her.
###Chapter 756
Chapter 756 The Clue To V16 Has Finally Been Found!! 
Philip was of mixed descent. 
Although he looked like a westerner, if one observed him closely, one would see that his facial features were rather exotic. 
His gaze made people feel that he was a very affectionate and loving man. 
But Iris knew just how cold-blooded he really was. 
With a calm look on her face, she stayed silent. 
Philip didn’t speak either. A complex look flashed in his eyes. 
He suddenly asked, “I remember you once said that the rich and the poor can be distinguished from their temperament. So back then, what you liked was not me but my money, right?! You actually knew from the very beginning that I was rich, right?” 
Iris actually found it a little ludicrous to hear him ask such a question again when more than twenty years had already passed. 
She lowered her gaze, too lazy to bother explaining all of that. She said, “You can think of it however you want to.” 
As soon as she said that, Philip took a big step forward and held her shoulders. 
The two of them hadn’t met for over twentyin fact, close to thirty-years. They were each other’s first love, yet despite being reunited, the atmosphere actually didn’t feel that awkward. 
It was as if everything was still the same as it was back then.
Philip narrowed his eyes. “I heard it with my own ears at the party back then. Are you still going to use such sophistry on me?” He had heard it? 
Iris was taken aback. 
The man was standing very close to her. Iris could see that he was tall and lean and his complexion was fair. In her trance, she even felt like she had gone back over twenty years in time. 
Back then, he actually was not very eye-catching in school. 
He wore ordinary clothes and kept a low profile. 
It was not because of his chase of her that Iris had noticed him; rather, it was because when she was in college, she noticed that he had been studying in the library ever since he enrolled in the school. 
He had a lot of self-restraint. 
Most people who had just started college after their SATs would relax for a while, but he hadn’t. Ever since he became a freshman, he had been diligent and working hard. 
Once, Iris had noticed that she couldn’t understand the books he read. 
At that moment, Philip suddenly became tall and mysterious to her. 
After that, despite many chasing after her, she didn’t take a fancy to any of them. 
It wasn’t that they weren’t hardworking enough; rather, it was because none of them was as hardworking as Philip! 
The way he behaved as though there was no tomorrow, as if he wished he could break time into pieces and absorb knowledge as much as he could.
Therefore, when he started to chase Iris, she couldn’t even imagine a man like him would have time to date someone? 
She had agreed. 
At that time, she didn’t yet know that being curious about someone and slowly paying attention to them was the beginning of love. 
She only knew that every time she saw Philip studying hard whenever he was not with her, yet never felt that he was wasting time when he was with her; she would feel a sense of accomplishment and contentment. 
At that time, she was a talented girl from the Evanses and also a well-known figure in the school. 
Once, at a party, someone next to her couldn’t resist asking her, “Iris, what on earth do you like about Philip? Surely it can’t be because he is handsome, right?!” 
At the mention of him, a vivacious and high-spirited Iris had raised her eyebrows and replied, “Why, I’m dating him for other reasons, of course!” 
“Haha! What kind of other reasons can it be? Surely it can’t be because his family is rich, right? Iris, what on earth makes you think that he’s from a rich family?”. 
All the rich second-generation heirs who hung out with Iris looked down on Philip. 
But Iris knew that Philip was definitely no ordinary person. 
Although she had never been one to care about such things, as she interacted with him, she nevertheless found the man unusual. 
Upon hearing the others ridiculing him, she couldn’t help but retort, “How are you so sure that he’s poor?”
Iris remembered now. 
At that time, after she said that, she had vaguely seen a familiar figure in the distance that disappeared when she looked more closely. 
She hadn’t paid the matter much attention at the time, much less known that her few words with her friends had affected Philip so much. 
He had been pretending to be a pauper so that he could find a girlfriend who truly loved him, but he didn’t expect that Iris had actually seen through him. 
This became Iris’ sin, as well as a hurdle that Philip couldn’t overcome all this time. 
For so many years, he had been asking himself something: Why on earth had Iris entered a relationship with him in the first place? 
It must be because she could tell that he was not really a poor lad, right? 
So, what Iris loved was actually his money? 
Well, that made sense. His family was ranked among the top five richest families around the world. It was just like how his mother had married his father because of his money. 
When he was five, his mother’s infidelity had been discovered. 
When his pained and agonized father demanded an explanation from her, his mother had instead screamed, “Who do you think you are? If you weren’t rich, I would never have married you!” 
She had said a lot of nasty things. In the end, his father had killed her. 
After killing his mother, his father had looked at him and told him this: “Don’t ever expose your wealth to anyone. Only the woman who loves you for who you are truly loves you.”
After that, his father had committed suicide. 
He simply couldn’t bear the pain of his mother’s betrayal, so he had ultimately chosen the easiest way to resolve everything. 
Philip, who had been an orphan since he was a child, had long known that the people around him only treated him well because he was rich. 
Take, for example, his uncles in the family. They openly and secretly fought over the right to raise him, but he had overheard them saying in private that whoever raised him would be able to get their hands on the family’s money. 
At that time, he had locked himself in a room all by himself. At last, he told his uncles that he didn’t need anyone to raise him and that he could grow up by himself. 
Since then, the only thing he trusted in this world was profits. He didn’t believe in love 
Until he met Iris in college. 
He loved her, just like how his father had loved his mother. 
However, he didn’t dare to trust her, so he’d kept his family background a secret from her the whole time. 
This continued until the end when she came to him and said that she knew he had money, and asked him to give her $80,000 so that she could pay for her mother’s medical fees… 
Her mother’s medical fees? 
At that time, Philip had suddenly thought, if she had to choose between her mother and him… If she stayed with him even if he couldn’t produce any money; then it would mean that she truly loved him. 
He would not refuse to have her mother’s illness treated.
The moment she chose him, her mother would receive the best medical treatment in the world. 
Unfortunately, she had ultimately still disappointed him. 
For the sake of money, she’d even agreed to marry into the Hunts. 
As Philip thought about all these past events, he felt like his sadness and heartbreak from that moment had resurfaced. His grip on Iris’ shoulders tightened even further, as though he wanted to break her shoulder blades. 
He said angrily, “You know what? You’re the one who made me believe that love would never exist!” 
Iris didn’t move, nor did she frown. 
The delicate woman did not make even a sound. Instead, she endured the pain in her shoulders and said, “Love does exist, it’s just that the two of us didn’t pass the test.” 
Philip sneered, “Yeah, right. Love has always been a sham! Iris, there’s not a single decent woman in this world! Not you, not your daughter-in-law! Ha, your son said that I shouldn’t have put love to the test so many times, but what about him? He didn’t do so, but didn’t his fiancée still cheat on him in the end? So, women are all heartless!” 
However, Iris said, “The love between Justin and Nora does not need to be put to any tests. She will never cheat!” 
“She won’t?” Philip said, “Everyone already knows about her infidelity, yet you are still so sure that she won’t cheat on Justin? Should I say that you are stupid, or should I say that you’re just refusing to believe the truth? I’ve even found her adulterer for you!”
Philip grinned and laughed. “Look, Iris, aren’t I nice to you? But what gives a woman like you the right to hurt me again and again?! Damn you! All women should die! Especially pretty ones!” 
He suddenly stretched out his arm and grabbed Iris’ neck. A sharp gleam shot forth from his eyes as he said, “I have wanted to kill you for so many years. Once I kill you, I won’t be in so much pain anymore, yet I can’t bear to. Iris, I can’t bear to lose the love between us… but now, I understand-love doesn’t exist at all! Ordinary couples do not have the luxury to cheat because they have to work themselves to the bone for survival. As for the wealthy, how many married couples among them are truly in love? 
“Therefore, the word ‘love’ is a huge joke in itself! My father shouldn’t have committed suicide back then- because it’s not worth it!” 
The more Philip spoke, the more agitated he became. His grip also became tighter, as if he wanted to break Iris’ neck. He said, “So, once I kill you, I will be freed and I will never believe in love again. Hahaha… Don’t worry, after I kill you, I will also kill your daughter-in-law so that your son will also understand how hateful she is! Because all women who betray love deserve to die!” 
The hysterical man’s voice was hoarse as he shouted at the top of his lungs. As he spoke, his grip around Iris’ neck became even tighter, and murderous intent and hatred also burst forth from his eyes. 
For how much he loved her all these years was also how much he hated her. 
The love and hate did not disappear with the passage of time. Instead, they slowly fermented and became more and more intense… 
In this instant, Philip felt like all his years of persistence and concessions were just a joke! 
Kill Iris. 
I will never believe that love exists.
Those were the only thoughts left in his mind. 
The woman he was strangling grabbed his hand with both hands and hit it hard. Her nails scratched the back of his hand, yet he didn’t let go. 
Until she slowly stopped moving… 
Right at this moment, the door was suddenly pushed open and Jason walked in. With his cell phone in hand, he looked at Philip anxiously and said, “Boss, Justin Hunt has held a press conference and clarified everything-all of this is a misunderstanding! It turns out that it was really Nora Smith and Justin Hunt who were in the suburban villa! And Q… is Nora Smith!” 
Philip was stunned. 
He lowered his head subconsciously, only to see that the woman in his grip had already stopped breathing… 
“Justin, Nora. Philip and I have too much history that needs to be sorted out. I’ve left with him to see the world and also to say goodbye. Don’t look for me, I will come home once all our grievances have been resolved.” 
In the Hunt Manor, the voice message rang out from Justin’s cell phone again. Justin listened carefully to the information inside. 
Nora sat next to him nervously. “Is Iri… I mean, Aunt Iris really okay? Did Philip force her to say that?” 
as 
Justin clenched his jaw and carefully analyzed the voice message. “You can tell from her tone of voice, it doesn’t seem like she was forced to say that. Also, you can tell from the sounds in the background that they are near the sea, which means that they have already left the city.”
With a sullen look on his face, he slowly analyzed the message and said, “You can also hear clock bells in the background. Although it is very subtle, it’s still audible. The time is also correct, so she shouldn’t be in danger.” 
Despite saying that, he still called Sean over and ordered, “Put aside all your current tasks and find Mom! If she doesn’t want to come back, then stay by her side. If she wants to go home, then take her home!” 
After speaking, Justin narrowed his eyes and suddenly added, “If necessary, you may reveal your identity!” 
Sean replied, “Yes, sir!” 
After Sean left, when Nora was about to comfort Justin, Cherry suddenly rushed over and shouted, “Mommy, quick, come over and have a look! Another of Xander’s rabbits has died!” 
Nora and Justin stood up abruptly, and the two walked straight to Xander’s room. 
Xander, who seemed to have already become accustomed to it, was looking down at the animals in the cage. 
Nora sighed silently. 
The animals had all been injected with V15. Without the V16, all that awaited them was death. 
Additionally, animals had shorter dosage intervals than humans, ranging from a few days to two weeks. 
Recently, of the dozen or so animals that Trueman had sent, five had already died. 
Xander squatted down and stroked the rabbit’s fur lightly. He said, “Don’t worry, I’ll be with you guys soon.”
His one-liner made Nora’s heart ache sharply. 
Xander knew… He knew everything!! 
During the recent period of time, Nora hadn’t actually bothered herself much with the Hunts’ mess. Instead, she had been trying hard to look for clues of the V16 for Xander every day. 
However, despite searching through all the things that her mother had left behind, she still didn’t find anything. 
After comforting Xander, Nora and Justin went out. 
A sullen Nora put on her earphones. 
Playing in the earphones was the one and only audio recording her mother had left her. 
Recently, Nora had been listening to the recording every day. She could already do a complete replication of Yvette’s words right down to her tone of voice, yet she still couldn’t find any clues. 
She felt very discouraged and thwarted. 
She sighed deeply and returned to Justin’s bedroom. 
Playing in the earphone was still the same audio recording that her mother had left her before she died. 
She was feeling very down, so she simply lay down on her back on the bed and closed her eyes. 
Before she knew it, she had fallen asleep. 
In the middle of the night. 
All of a sudden, Nora opened her eyes wide and sat upright on the bed. A look of surprise and enthusiasm suddenly burst forth from her eyes!
She finally understood what her mother had left behind!
###Chapter 757
Chapter 757 She Had Sacrificed Too Much! 
Nora’s actions woke Justin up. 
His voice was clear as he asked, “What’s wrong?” 
He did not look like he was asleep. 
Nora did not care about this. She stood up and rushed to the study room. Then, she put on her earphones. Her mother’s last words started playing on them. 
She took out a pen and paper and listened carefully. 
After a while, she suddenly looked up at Justin and asked, “Do you have good hearing?” Justin hesitated. “Quite.” “Then you do it!” 
Nora stood up and got Justin to take her place on the seat. She handed both earphones to him. “Listen carefully to the background noise. There’s a metronome. Help me decipher the difference between the beats.” 
Justin did not understand what she wanted to do, but he did as she asked. He frowned and listened attentively to the recording. 
After listening for a few seconds, Justin realized something. 
How was this a metronome? It was just noise created by someone knocking on the table. 
After studying the intervals between the taps, Justin looked up and said, “This is Morse code.” 
“Yes, that’s right.”
Nora picked up the piece of paper and began to decipher the content on it. As she read, she explained, “I don’t have very sensitive hearing. In the recording my mother had left behind, the background noise was too rhythmic and soft. I always thought it was the sound of a tap or a clock.” In fact, she had sensed it the last time she heard the voice inside. However, before she could figure out what was going on, she had been distracted by something else. When she returned to it, she could not find it. 
She was born with a terrible voice and sang out of tune. That was why she had missed this after so many years. 
Today, Justin was analyzing the voice message Iris had sent. When he mentioned a clock in the background, Nora caught on to it. 
Now, she had finally figured it out. 
Justin: “…” 
He raised his eyebrows and finally learned one of Nora’s flaws. 
He walked to Nora’s side and held her shoulder. He suddenly said, “I helped you. Do you want to reward me?” 
Nora’s attention was all on the Morse code. She casually replied, “What reward do you want?” 
“Hmm, sing a song for me?” 
Nora: “…” 
She resisted the urge to roll her eyes at him and turned her back to him. She continued to look at the Morse code. 
Justin walked over and sat beside her. Five minutes later, Nora rubbed her forehead.
Justin said, “You can’t solve the cipher?” 
The Morse code was encrypted. 
Nora nodded and asked, “How do you know?” 
Justin sighed. “If the evidence your mother left behind could easily be cracked by others, it wouldn’t have taken so many years. This secret could only be discovered by you. So I guessed that the Morse code must have been encrypted. Your mother must have hidden a key to the cipher.” 
Nora nodded. 
She put down the piece of paper in her hand and could not help but feel a little discouraged. 
She had finally discovered the secret. She thought that the clue to the V16 would be in her hands, but she did not expect it to be another mystery! 
Her mother’s password book… 
The corners of her mouth twitched. “There are so many books left in my mother’s study. How can I tell which one is it?” 
Besides, her mother had always liked to read. 
There were even many books back home in California. 
California… 
Nora immediately said, “I’ll go back to California tomorrow.” 
Justin nodded. 
That night, Nora kept turning in bed and could not sleep no matter what.
At dawn the next day, she woke up. When she went out, she bumped into the three little fellows who were about to eat breakfast and go to school. 
When they saw her, the three little fellows revealed shocked expressions. 
Cherry tilted her head. “Mommy, did the sun rise in the west today? You woke up so early?” 
Nora pursed her lips and heard her continue to suck up to her. “But early morning Mommy is so beautiful! I’ve never seen Mommy wake up early at 7:30 AM!” 
Nora: “…” 
She suspected that Cherry was mocking her. 
She rubbed the heads of the three little fellows and took out breakfast to eat a few mouthfuls. Then, she said, “I’m going to California today. I’ll go in the morning and return in the afternoon.” Cherry nodded meekly. “Okay! Mommy, don’t worry. I’ll miss you. I’ll take good care of my brothers too!” 
Pete said worriedly, “Find a chauffeur. Don’t fall asleep on the way.” 
Xander nodded and grinned. “It’s fine if you hit someone else when you’re asleep, but don’t hit yourself.” 
1111 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Was she that worrying?! 
She walked out with a piece of bread in her mouth. Just as she left, she saw that Justin, who she did not see when she woke up, was sitting in the front passenger seat of the car, looking at her silently.
His black car was parked at the door. 
Nora got into the car without a word and said while chewing a piece of bread, “I thought you went to work.” 
“How could I?” 
Justin said, “I’ll accompany you to California.” 
“Fasten your seatbelt.” 
Nora stuffed the bread in her mouth. The car rushed out with a whoosh, raising a cloud of dust. 
Nora would not find a chauffeur. 
No one drove faster than her. 
If not for the fact that it was too dark last night, she would have gone to California overnight! 
On the way, Justin handled matters on his phone. 
Sean sent a message: “I still haven’t found her.” 
Justin replied: “The sound of the sea might be deliberately giving us false information. Contact our men at the airport and see where they went.” 
Sean: “Yes.” 
Justin put down his phone and hid the worry in his eyes. 
Where was Iris? Was she alive or dead? No one knew.
Yesterday, he had said it confidently, but he was still worried. 
However… 
On one side was his wife and son, and on the other was his mother. 
He could not do anything but ask Sean to find his mother. 
— 
At the Hunts’ residence. 
Nora and Justin had just left when Brenda drove home. 
She got out of the car, feeling exhausted. She yawned and asked the butler, “Did Justin and Nora seem alright?” 
The butler nodded. “Yes.” 
Brenda heaved a sigh of relief and said happily, “This is all thanks to me!” The butler: “?” 
Brenda pursed her lips. “You don’t understand. If not for me, Nora wouldn’t have returned to her family. She might have run off with that pretty boy!” 
Brenda had pestered that pretty boy the entire day yesterday! 
He did not even have the time to pick up his phone, let alone go on a date. Later on, when he was asleep, she deliberately took his phone and found Nora’s chat to send her some messages! 
Nora must have felt the coldness of the pretty boy and returned to her family! 
She was really the savior of her brother’s family! When her brother returned, she had to let him know that she had sacrificed too much for him!
The butler was speechless. 
Just as Brenda was about to speak, the butler silently opened his phone and showed her the news about how Nora and Justin had clarified the matter.
###Chapter 758
Chapter 758 Password Book! 
Brenda lowered her head in confusion. When she saw the content, she was stunned. 
She slowly raised her head and looked at the butler in disbelief. Then, she said, “Was this set up by Nora and the others? Don’t tell me that Nora is really Q!” 
The butler was silent for a moment before he finally nodded. 
Brenda: “…” 
Brenda’s fatigue from earlier was swept away. She instantly puffed up as if she had been deceived and walked out the door. “I’ll see him!” 
Brenda drove back to the villa in the suburbs. 
When she arrived at the door, she began furiously knocking on it. After knocking for a long time, the door was finally opened. Solo’s face was pale, and he stood there looking extremely exhausted. 
He rubbed his eyes. It was obvious that he had just fallen asleep. When he saw Brenda in front of him, Solo instantly revealed a surprised expression. “Sweetie, you’re back?” 
Brenda was stunned by his address. She continued to shout, “Who’s Sweetie?” 
Solo was puzzled. “Didn’t you say last night that your name was Sweetie?” 
Brenda: “…I think so. Forget it, I won’t pester you about my name. Let me ask you, why did you lie to me?” 
Solo was even more puzzled. “What lie?”
Brenda took a deep breath. “I asked you if you were a programmer. You said ‘yes’!”. 
Solo tilted his head. “I really am! I’m a programmer and I write codes. I make games for others to earn money!” 
Brenda: “?” 
Therefore, this fellow was not Q, nor was he a hacker. He was a true programmer?! 
She choked and asked after a moment, “Then when I asked you if you were from Switzerland, you said ‘yes’ to that too?!” 
Solo felt even more aggrieved. “I’m really from Switzerland. I still have a plane ticket here. Do you want to take a look?” 
Brenda: “” 
She was stunned. “So you’re not lying to me?” 
“No, why would I lie to you? i’ll drop dead right now If I did!” Solo swore. Then, he looked at her and revealed a shy and innocent look. “Um, you came over so early. Did you miss me?” 
Brenda: “!!!” 
She finally understood that she had made a mistake! 
She had found the wrong person! 
Oh my goodness! 
She had suffered a huge loss.
At the thought of this, Brenda looked at Solo again. She did not expect to have sacrificed so much for her sister-in-law and brother. 
No, she could not take this loss. 
Therefore… she had to sleep with him a few more times! 
At the thought of this, Brenda grabbed his collar and pushed him into the door… 
– 
It would take five hours to drive to California. 
After driving for two hours, Nora switched places with Justin. 
She could rest in the front seat. 
She picked up her phone and realized that last night, Solo had sent her a few baffling messages like a lunatic. 
“Actually, I just want your money. I don’t like you at all. I already have someone I like.” 
“It’s over between us. Let’s leave it at that.” 
Nora: “?” 
The corners of her mouth twitched as she replied to Solo: “?” 
After sending it, she received a message from Solo. He had been typing for a very long time. 
However, after typing for a long time, he only sent one photo. 
It was… Brenda?!
Furthermore, why was Brenda sleeping on his bed? 
Solo asked: “Do you know this person? She said she’s your sister.” 
Nora: “…Yes.” 
Solo continued to ask mysteriously: “I found her police badge. She said she was a cop, not Interpol, right?” 
Nora: ” 
She thought about it: “Why?” 
Solo: “I committed a crime overseas and only returned to the country to hide. It’s good that she’s not Interpol. I’m just afraid the Interpol will catch me!” 
Nora: “” 
She thought about it. It seemed like that was what Morris had said when he introduced Brenda to her in the special department. Was she sent by Interpol? 
Her lips suddenly twitched. 
However, she could not expose Brenda’s disguise, so she did not say anything. 
Unexpectedly, at the next moment, she saw Solo send a message: “By the way, I told her that I’m a programmer. I make games and stuff. Don’t tell her that I’m a hacker~ Thank you!” 
Nora: “!!” 
What were the two of them up to?
Why were they hiding their identities from each other? 
She shook her head in confusion. 
Justin looked at her and asked, “What are you doing?” Nora thought about it and said, “Being a 
cupid.” 
Justin: “…” 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He still wanted to say something, but Nora leaned back and closed her eyes to sleep. 
Justin: “…” 
The two of them arrived in California very quickly. 
Justin drove very steadily. After entering California, he turned around and saw that Nora had already woken up at some point. She was looking into the distance silently. 
She grew up in California. Nora was very familiar with this place. 
She looked at the street silently. 
When she was young, she had not attended school because she was fat and weak. 
She had been locked at home. 
However, her master lived next door and taught her martial arts. 
Therefore, she could actually sneak out. Sometimes, she would walk along this street and see how other parents and children interacted.
As she watched, she would become… sleepy. Then, she would find a random place to take a nap. After sleeping, she would wake up and continue walking. 
There were a few times when she did not go home after walking the entire night, but Henry and Wendy at home would not notice. 
She did not feel sad. Instead, she felt more free. 
The two of them returned to the Smiths’ house in California. 
Henry had not returned. When Wendy came back, she had swept away all the family assets. The villa belonged to Henry. Without him, they could not sell it. 
Coupled with her aunt’s protection, the villa was still around. 
The door had a combination lock. 
Nora walked over and entered the passcode. 
She did not know the passcode initially. It was her aunt who had told her after changing the passcode. She had also said to her, “This house was left behind by your mother. It should be left to you. This house is yours.” 
After Henry passed away, this house was transferred to her name. 
After Nora entered the villa, she realized that there was no change on the first floor. The valuables in the house had been taken away, but it was not messy. It was probably cleaned by her aunt. 
She went upstairs and realized that the door to the study was open. After pushing the door open, she saw that it was filled with books left behind by her mother, Yvette. 
Her mission today was to find the password book from these and crack the Morse code.
But which book was her password book? 
Nora wandered around the room, thinking. 
Suddenly, she thought of something.
###Chapter 759
Chapter 759 Find the Code Book 
Nora said directly, “The password is not in these books.” 
Justin asked hesitantly, “Why do you say 
that?” 
Nora said, “Mother knew what kind of person Henry was. They don’t want to love him. After she passed away, Henry would definitely have removed all traces of her at home, so she definitely won’t have left the passcode in this house.” 
Justin nodded. 
Some of the books in the study had not been read at all. Some of the books had not even been opened. It was obvious that Henry had bought them to show off. 
He asked, “Do you have any leads?” 
Nora nodded. 
She suddenly said, “What is it that you can leave behind in the open, something normal people wouldn’t bother with?” 
Justin frowned. He suddenly thought of something and suddenly said, “The account book!” 
“That’s right. It’s the account book of Idealian Pharmaceuticals!” 
Nora walked out. 
She did not have any attachment to this home that she had lived in for 18 years.
To her, this was just a place to sleep. Henry and Wendy did not treat her well, so she did not have any feelings for them. 
She slept well anyway. 
Therefore, she had no feelings for this place. 
Justin glanced at the room again. He was very curious about the place Nora had grown up in. However, he saw Nora’s determined back and followed behind her. 
Half an hour later, Nora brought Justin to Wayne’s house. 
Wayne opened the door and saw her. He immediately shouted excitedly, “Ms. Nora, are you finally returning to inherit the family assets?” 
Nora: “…” 
She was silent for a moment before saying, “Back then, when Mother handed Idealian Pharmaceuticals to you, did she give you the accounts?” 
Wayne immediately nodded. “Yes! I have it!” 
He moved aside and let the two of them in. Then, he went to the study room, picked up a bunch of account books, and handed them to Nora. “These are for the past few years. The earnings of the pharmaceutical factory have always been very stable. There are about five to six million dollars every year. I’ve already transferred this quarterly dividend to your card. Also, these…” 
Nora interrupted him. “I just want the account book my mother left you.” 
Wayne was stunned. “Why? If you don’t look at the accounts from the past few years, how would you understand the balance sheet? Ms. Nora, have you never managed a company before? Actually, to manage a company, you have to look at the accounts first. For example, look at this sum of money…”
Nora saw that he was as long-winded as usual. She glanced at it and grabbed a book among the more than ten account books on the table. 
The cover of the notebook was made of small flowers. It was obvious that it was not Wayne’s style. Furthermore, the cover was a little worn out. It could be seen that it had been around for a long time. 
After she opened it, her mother’s words fell into her eyes. 
Nora looked up at Justin and stood up. “I found it.” 
Justin nodded and got up as well. 
Wayne was still talking endlessly, but Nora interrupted him. “Alright, stop talking.” 
Wayne: “?” 
Nora said, “Idealian Pharmaceuticals is yours from now on. You don’t have to report to me.” 
Idealian Pharmaceuticals was just a small company her mother had left behind to take care of her basic expenses. Furthermore, Wayne had been managing the company for so many years. He had already lived up to Yvette’s expectations. 
It was understandable that she would give this small company to him. 
Wayne: “?” 
He immediately said emotionally, “Ms. Nora, 
you…” 
Before he could finish, Nora interrupted him. “Don’t be touched. You deserve it.”
After saying this, she and Justin left without hesitation. 
Wayne: “” 
He did not want to say that he was touched. Boohoo! 
He wanted to go on a holiday! Back then, Ms. Yvette had trapped him here. She even said that as long as he successfully handed the company to Nora, he would be free. 
However, he did not expect to be trapped by Ms. Nora for the rest of his life. 
He wanted to retire!! 
Nora got into the car and placed the book in her bag. 
Other than her, there were a few more people in this world who were also looking for V16. These people were all people like Trueman, who had taken the V15. 
Caleb had said before that in the experiment back then, five children had survived. 
Including him and Trueman, there were three people outside. 
These three people had probably already become big shots by now. Furthermore, Joel had once said that after learning that Nora was his sister, Quentin had been personally protecting her. At that time, he had realized that there were several groups of people following her. 
Therefore, Nora would not expose the account book to anyone. 
She would look at the account book when she returned to a safe place. 
On the way, Justin saw that she was a little bored, so he asked, “How did Wayne offend
you?” 
Nora: “?” 
She looked at Justin in confusion and tilted her head. “He didn’t offend me!” 
Justin: “Then why did you use such a small company to trap him in California?” 
When Nora heard this, she was even more confused. 
Seeing her like this, Justin seemed to realize something and chuckled. “Don’t tell me you really think this Wayne guy is a manager?” 
Nora asked, “Isn’t that so?” 
Justin was certain now. It seemed like Nora really did not know Wayne’s identity. 
The corners of his mouth twitched as he said, “This Wayne was a world-renowned biologist more than twenty years ago. He served as a biology professor at Staav University.” 
Nora: “!!” 
She was stunned. 
Staav University was currently the top institution in the world, and the microbiology department of this institution was the top existence in the world. 
This Wayne was actually a professor at Staav University?! 
20 years ago, he was not even 30 years old! 
Justin continued, “I don’t know how he offended your mother, but he was trapped in California for more than twenty years. Now, because of you, he’s going to be trapped for the rest of his life.”
Nora: “…” 
No wonder this person was so agitated when she said that she would give the company to him. So it was not because he was touched, but because he really did not want it? 
Nora was thinking about this when Wayne called her. Nora picked it up and heard him crying. “Ms. Nora, please let me go! I really just want to retire!” 
Nora thought for a moment. “How did you offend my mother?” 
Wayne instantly shouted, “Ms. Nora, I’m innocent! I’ll explain things between me and your mother to you before you make a judgment, okay?”. 
20 minutes later, after hearing Wayne’s story, Nora was so shocked that she lost all her sleep.
###Chapter 760
Chapter 760 Someone’s Impersonating? 
27 years ago, Yvette had become a pharmaceutical master in New York. Unwilling to accept the current situation, she went to the best university in Switzerland. 
At that time, Wayne was a rising star at Staav University. Everyone said that he would create a miracle in biology. 
Yvette went straight to him and said that she could create a gene serum that could improve human genetics. She also took out the gene serum V1 and tempted him to follow her back to the country. 
Yvette had used this tactic to deceive Wayne. Following that, she made a bet with Wayne on which of them could replicate the V1. 
Because at that time, there was only one V1. 
Later on, of course, Yvette won and Wayne lost. Yvette made Wayne agree to fulfill one of her requests. 
Wayne agreed without hesitation. 
At that time, Yvette did not say what the request was… 
A year later, Wayne suddenly received a call from Yvette. She said, “You owe me. My request is that you return to the country and come to California to help me manage a company.” 
He took care of it for 25 years. 
Wayne cried bitterly on the other end of the line. “When I came to California, I asked for a leave from the school. I said I was here to do research. So many years have passed, but I haven’t gone back to cancel my leave! Your mother is very outrageous! Ms. Nora, you can’t be so cruel to me!”
Nora: “…” 
Hearing this, she felt that Yvette had indeed gone overboard with Wayne. 
However, Nora did not understand how Yvette took in her underlings back then. Old Maddy and the other two were so loyal to her. 
Now, she had reason to suspect that they had all been tricked by Yvette. 
Her mother’s smart and powerful image suddenly cracked a little in her heart. 
Wayne continued, “Ms. Nora, there’s really nothing left to take care of in the company! I don’t want that V1 formula anymore! It has been so many years. Can you let me go? Boohoo… Let me tell you, I’m feeling bitter…” 
Seeing that Wayne was about to start nagging again, Nora interrupted him, “Do whatever you want.” 
Wayne choked. “Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora found him a little annoying. “You can stay too if you don’t want to leave.” 
Wayne immediately said, “No, I just feel a little… like I’m in a dream. Ms. Nora, you’re much more open- minded than your mother!” 
Nora: “…” 
“Then I’ll resign- I’ll submit my resignation letter tomorrow! Leave the company’s matters to others! However, Ms. Nora, it has been so many years. I actually have feelings for the company, you…”
Nora could not help but say, “If you don’t shut up, you’ll have to keep managing it.” “…Okay, goodbye, Ms. Nora.” After the talkative Wayne finished speaking, he could not help but add, “I’ll write a resignation letter now. I’ll email you later.” 
Nora hung up straight away. 
Then, Justin said, “Since you’re here, do you want to visit Irene?” 
No matter what happened to Henry, although unrelated by blood, Irene was her aunt and had indeed been very good to Nora since she was young 
After acknowledging the Smiths, Nora did not come back again. Since she was in California, there was no reason not to visit her. 
At the thought of this, she nodded. 
Justin turned the car around and drove to the Blacks according to Nora’s instructions. 
On the way, Justin got out of the car to buy some fruits when they passed by a fruit stall. After getting into the car, he suddenly lowered his voice and said, “We were indeed followed. After we left your house, someone entered and began searching.” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Do you know who it is?” 
Justin said, “My people are tracking him. Let’s pretend that we came to California to visit an old friend, and not expose anything.” Nora nodded. “Sure.” 
Her heart sank. 
There were indeed many people who wanted the gene serum.
She lowered her eyes in thought as the car finally arrived at the Blacks. 
Her aunt, Irene, had married her uncle Will Black and then had a daughter, Lisa Black. This family of three treated Nora very well. 
The Blacks lived in a small house, about 140 square meters. It was a small family. 
When the two of them arrived, they saw a few hooligans squatting there. 
Someone was smoking. Everyone was staring at the stairs. 
When she saw them, Nora frowned. 
At this moment, a middle-aged man lowered his head and came out to throw the trash. 
When he went out and saw the gangsters, he shrunk his neck and turned to walk upstairs. However, before he could take two steps, someone chased after him and shouted, “Will Black, when are you going to pay us back the money you owe us?” 
Will Black? 
Nora, who had not gotten out of the car, was slightly stunned. 
This hunchbacked man was her uncle? But what had happened that turned him so much older in just a few months? 
She frowned and was in thought when Will said, “I don’t have any money!” 
“You don’t have money. Doesn’t your family own a small company? You can hand over the company to us!” 
Will shouted angrily, “I won’t do it!”
The person immediately stepped forward and grabbed his collar. “Stop stalling. I’m telling you, the Smiths will not save you!” 
Will was indignant. “On what basis can you coerce me to sell my company?! I’m not selling it! Is there still any law in this world?” 
“Why?” The punk spat and continued, “You guys offended the Smiths! Let me tell you, we have Hunt Corporation backing us! Miss Smith is President Hunt’s fiancée! We have to help President Hunt vent his anger!” 
Will was in disbelief. “This, this was instructed by Nora? No, it’s impossible!” 
“Why not? Henry treated her so well, but in the end, she’s not his biological daughter. She must be holding a grudge. Besides, Henry is already dead, so why are you still alive? Furthermore, your family made a fortune back then from Irene’s dowry, so the Blacks also belong to Miss Smith. Why can’t we help Miss Smith take back the company?” 
Will was stunned and speechless. 
Right at this point… “Ahem, ahem.” 
Irene walked out of the door with a bad expression. She was clearly forced into a corner by these gangsters. 
She took a deep breath and finally said, “Give it to them!” 
Will was anxious. “Irene, we…” 
Irene sighed. “He’s right. My brother stole from Yvette, and I also took her money when I got married. Your business might as well be hers. We owe Nora too much…”
###Chapter 761
Chapter 761 Untitled 
When Will heard this, he was silent for a moment. 
Irene had a brain tumor and had just undergone an operation. She was still in a recuperative state and looked much thinner than before. The flesh on her face had sunken in. 
Looking at his wife and recalling how she was bright and beautiful in the past, Will sighed. 
Ever since the reveal that Henry was not Nora’s biological father, Irene had been in a constant state of anxiety. The thing she said the most every day was: “…How could my brother be so shameless? Everything of the Smiths should belong to Nora! How could he be like this?! He took the money Nora’s mother had left behind and raised his woman and daughter, but he did not care if Nora lived or died…” 
“He owes Nora too much.” 
“He owes Nora his entire life.” 
She hated Henry very much, but a few days ago, news of Henry’s death had reached them. When Irene heard it, she was stunned. 
At that time, Will thought that Irene would be very sad. Unexpectedly, she only remained silent for a moment before sighing. “This is his retribution!” 
She looked very calm, but from that day on, she could not sleep at night. One day, Will woke up in the middle of the night to use the toilet. He saw Irene standing on the balcony muttering to herself, “Henry, why did you leave just like that? You can’t repay what you owe Nora for the rest of your life. Even when you leave, you take your debt with you…” 
Irene became thinner and thinner every day.
Will wanted to say that he had used Irene’s dowry for his capital and he was the one who had been managing the company bit by bit. 
So they could return double the initial capital to Nora. They could also leave behind their retirement savings. 
However, when he saw his wife’s appearance and how she spent her days in guilt… He had seen her pick up her phone several times and enter Nora’s number, but she never dared to call her. 
Will sighed and suddenly lowered his head. “Okay, I’ll listen to you.” 
He looked at the few hooligans and said, “I’ll give the company to you!” 
Nora, who was in the car, frowned. 
Her hand was on the door handle. Just as she was about to get out of the car, Justin suddenly grabbed her hand and said softly, “Wait a little longer.” 
Nora: “ 
The moment she looked at Justin, she came to a sudden realization! 
These few hooligans were not hired by Nora or Justin. Then who had hired them? What was their motive? 
She narrowed her eyes. 
Indeed, the conversation continued. 
After Will said this, the few hooligans stood up. “Alright, I’ll get someone to deliver the contract immediately.”
Will helped Irene up. 
However, before they entered the building, the hooligans behind them shouted, “Wait!” 
Irene turned around. 
The hooligan smiled. “Miss Smith said that when you got married years ago, other than some money, there were also some books and jewelry. They were all left behind by Miss Smith’s mother, give them to us now!” 
When Irene heard this, she pursed her lips. 
In the car, Nora and Justin also understood that these people were indeed here for Yvette’s belongings. 
The two of them then got out of the car. Nora shouted directly, “Wait a minute.” 
Hearing her voice, Irene’s body trembled and she turned around suddenly. 
She looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Even Will was surprised and looked over. 
The two of them looked at her directly. They did not expect Nora to come here. 
Actually, they all knew that these few hooligans weren’t Nora’s. 
It was because they had clearly said that they were under Mr. Hunt’s orders. Nora would not be so heartless to them. 
It was just like how she had treated Irene back then.
However, Irene did not want to call Nora. She felt that if Mr. Hunt had come to ask for it, she should give it to him. 
Moreover, she owed Nora this. 
As she was in a daze, Nora had already strode to Irene’s side and called out softly, “Irene.” 
Hearing this, Irene’s eyes turned red. 
Nora was still willing to acknowledge her. This meant that Nora had never blamed her. 
She held Nora’s hand. “You came at the right time. Take those things away!” 
Nora frowned and was about to speak when the hooligan shouted impatiently, “What is it that you’re taking away? Don’t you understand? Those things are ours. You have to give them to us!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked at them coldly. “Who do you think you are?” 
To be honest, her heart ached when she saw her aunt’s haggard appearance. 
She should have returned earlier to see her. According to her aunt’s kind and conflicted character, she would definitely feel that she had let Nora down. However, Nora had been so busy with Xander that she had forgotten everything and ended up forgetting her aunt. This was why Irene had lived so long in guilt. 
Nora was a little angry. 
When the hooligans heard this, they sneered. “Young lady, you’re so young. I advise you not to interfere in other people’s business! Let me tell you, we’re from the Hunts!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes.
The hooligan continued, “Do you know the Hunts in New York? There has been a lot of talk about the fight for the throne recently. Unfortunately, the one who to lose was Herman. Mr. Hunt is awesome! He can even win against his own father. He doesn’t care about the few of you!” 
When Justin heard this, he walked forward and asked, “Who instructed you guys to do this?” 
The hooligan sneered. “Who are you? Don’t you see no one in the district dares to interfere? What are the two of you doing here?! Why should I tell you who assigned me this mission? You just have to know that this is all Mr. Hunt’s wish!” 
Irene had never seen Justin before, so she did not know him. 
When she saw him now, she looked at Nora in confusion. 
Nora was about to explain something to her when the hooligan became impatient. He stepped forward and grabbed Will. “Will, the contract is here. Hurry up, sign it and we’ll leave!” 
a was already here. How could Will still sign it? 
He said, “I’m not signing this contract. I…” He handed the things belonging to the Blacks and Yvette to Nora. 
Unfortunately, before he could finish, the hooligan became too anxious. He interrupted him and shouted angrily, “You’re not going to sign it? I bet you won’t cry until you see the coffin! Since that’s the case, don’t blame us for being ruthless!” 
With that, he waved his hand and someone rushed forward. 
Justin blocked the three of them. Seeing his strong aura, the punk said, “Brother, I advise you not to interfere in Mr. Hunt’s matters!”
###Chapter 762
Chapter 762 Rushing into the Dragon King Temple 
Mr. Hunt’s matter? 
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
From the way Nora rushed out of the car, he could tell that she cared a lot about her aunt. Furthermore, back then in California, he had seen Nora almost drop her disguise to save Irene. 
Therefore, Irene was someone Nora cared for deeply. 
These few hooligans used his name to do evil, wasn’t this letting them leave a bad impression on her elders before he even met them? 
He sneered. “Mr. Hunt? Why didn’t anyone tell me?” 
Seeing that he was being so disrespectful, the hooligan waved his hand. “Since you don’t know how to appreciate our kindness, don’t blame us for being rude!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, seven to eight people behind him rushed forward. 
It seemed like he was planning to restrain the four of them and force Will to sign it! 
The hooligan leader stood behind them, but he was a little anxious. The leader had called again to urge them to settle this matter in a short time and take away all the things Irene had brought from the Smiths. 
Therefore, even if Will and Irene did not relent, they planned to use force today. 
He just did not know why two people suddenly came out and blocked his way. Since that was the case, he would not be polite!
When the few of them went forward, there was even someone who looked at Nora and rubbed his wrist. “Boss, are we hitting women too? This little girl is quite beautiful!” 
The leader casually slapped him on the head and said, “Pfft! We’re on a serious mission now! If this woman knows her place and leaves, I’ll let her off this time.” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
The group of people thought that they would definitely succeed today, but they did not expect the seven to eight people would collapse to bite the dust within a minute! 
The hooligans fell to the ground, especially the one who had teased Nora earlier. Not only did the man in the suit knock him down, but he also buried his face to the ground! 
The leader was stunned and he looked at Justin again. “F*ck! It turns out we bumped into a tough guy. Let me tell you, it doesn’t matter how powerful you are. You’re dead meat! You even dare to offend Mr. Hunt from New York. I think you’re tired of living!” 
With that, he took two steps back, picked up his phone, and said, “Leader, we bumped into a tough guy here… Yes, he knocked down eight of my men alone. I think you have to look for a professional! What? You’ll come over personally to see who this blind person is? Alright, I’ll wait here!” 
After hanging up, he looked at Justin warily. “Our leader is coming soon. He’s from the Hunt Corporation, Mr. Hunt’s trusted aide in California! He’s also the person in charge of Hunt Corporation’s power in California. I’m telling you! Don’t run if you dare to fight!” 
Justin stared at him coldly. When he heard his words, he narrowed his eyes and thought carefully in his mind. The person in charge of California was… “Zester West?” 
When the hooligan heard this name, he hurriedly nodded. “Yes! It’s President Zester. Heh, since you know him, you must have heard of his power, right? Let me tell you, President Zester is an expert from
the Irvin School of Martial Arts! He has a close relationship with Mr. Hunt. You should have heard of him!” 
Justin: “…” 
How could he not have heard of him? 
Zester was his junior. 
Since his junior was out looking for a job, he, as the Big Brother of Irvin School of Martial Arts, had to help him. Therefore, he had let him join the Hunt Corporation. Justin absolutely did not believe that Zester had betrayed him and was doing all of this in private. This was because he knew Zester very well. He was not a smart person. He was single-minded and could only carry out orders, it was impossible for him to have any bad intentions. Then someone could only have used Zester. 
Who could this be? 
He could only ask when Zester came over. 
He did not say anything else and turned to look at Nora. 
Nora did not want Irene and will to wait downstairs either. She simply held Irene’s arm. “Irene, let’s go upstairs!” 
Irene nodded. 
The four of them walked upstairs to Irene’s house. They entered and sat on the sofa in the living room. Irene looked at Justin first. 
Justin coughed and stood up. He was about to greet her when he heard Irene say, “This is the bodyguard the Smiths arranged for you, right? Thank you so much for earlier! Please take good care of
Nora in the future and protect her!” 
Justin: “?” 
He stood there awkwardly and looked at Nora silently. 
He saw Nora secretly covering her mouth and giggling 
The corners of Justin’s mouth twitched, and he simply agreed. “Okay.” 
After saying that, Irene sighed and looked at Nora. “Nora, I know you’re not behind those people out there. Mr. Hunt was the one who sent them here. I understand, these things are all yours. Mr. hunt did the right thing. He should return them to you.” Will also said, “Yes, take them. Otherwise, it’ll only make Mr. Hunt unhappy. A person like him must be in an unpredictable mood! Nora, would it be difficult for him to get along with you if you get married?” 
Irene asked nervously, “Every time Lisa calls, she always says that you’re doing well. The Smiths love you very much, and the Hunts also love you very much. Even if on account of the Smiths, they don’t dare to neglect you. But what about Mr. Hunt? How does he treat you? Nora, don’t be afraid, you can tell me. Marriage is not a small matter. You can’t make do with it… Mr. Hunt must be very domineering, right? If you’re unwilling to get married, tell me. I’ll help you…” 
Nora: “?” 
Justin: “…” 
Seeing that Irene and Will were going too far, Nora pursed her lips and smiled. Justin coughed and suddenly said, “Um, Irene, sorry to disturb you.” 
Irene looked at him in surprise.
Why was this bodyguard calling her by her name? 
As she was thinking, a clamor came from downstairs. “President Zester, they’re upstairs. Two ignorant people came and insisted on protecting them. They’re quite good at fighting. The men have all been beaten down!” 
Then, Zester’s deep voice was heard. “Follow me. I want to see who’s tired of living!” 
The hooligan said in a fawning manner, “This person has some skills. You have to be careful!” 
Zester sneered and said, “Even five of him would not be enough in front of me. Besides, the only person in the world who can beat me is my Big Brother!” 
As they spoke, the two of them went upstairs. 
The hooligan shouted from the door, “President Zester, they’re here!” 
After saying that, he looked at Justin as Nora proudly and shouted, “You’re dead!” 
When Irene and will heard this, they immediately became nervous. Then, they saw the burly Zester walk in. He entered aggressively, but the next moment, his aura suddenly changed…
###Chapter 763
Chapter 763 Luring the Snake out of the Cave 
Zester stood rooted to the ground and looked at the people in the room in shock. 
Justin stood there, but there were three people sitting on the sofa. They were Irene Smith, Will Black, and one other woman. 
The hooligan beside her was still clamoring. “Let me tell you, this is Mr. Hunt’s friend, President Zester! He’s in charge of the Hunt Corporation in California. Furthermore, he’s from the Irvin School of Martial Arts. You actually dared to attack us just now. You’re too much. You’re dead!” 
With that, he looked at Zester and pointed at Justin. “President Zester, it was this bodyguard who attacked me just now!” 
Zester:”…” 
He rubbed his eyes and asked in confusion, “Why does this bodyguard look so much like Big Brother?” 
Justin: “…” 
Nora: “…” 
Nora originally thought that this Zester might have something to do with the gene serum or was ordered by someone. But at this moment, looking at his silly appearance, she could not help but twitch her lips. 
Yes, she had solved the case. 
This Zester must have been deceived. 
After all, such a foolish person could not have been sent by the mysterious organization as a spy.
When the hooligan heard this, he said in surprise, “President Zester, this person is good-looking and handsome. I already said that it was Mr. Hunt’s order to get those things, but he refused to listen. He’s clearly not taking Mr. Hunt seriously. You have to teach him a lesson!” 
Justin could not be bothered to beat around the bush with them. He directly looked at Zester and asked, “Who asked you to come here?” 
Zester was stunned. “This person’s voice is the same as Big Brother’s!” 
Justin: !! 
His expression changed as he reprimanded, “Zester West!” 
Zester shivered and immediately jumped up. “F*ck! It really is Big Brother… No, why are you here? And why did you smile at me just now? You smiled so much that I didn’t even recognize you! You should be more fierce to me. That’s more familiar!” 
Zester was really a little stunned earlier. In his impression, his Big Brother had always been very serious. Who asked him to smile just now? It made him unable to be recognized. 
Justin: “…” 
How could he not smile at Nora’s aunt?! 
His expression darkened. He felt that this junior was too stupid. He took a deep breath and continued, “Who sent you to ask for these things?” 
Zester: “It was you…” 
After saying that, when he saw Nora, his eyes flashed. Then, he lowered his voice and said, “Oh, I understand. Justin, are you planning to help Nora do something? In the end, your flattery fell on deaf
ears? Alright, I’ll help you shoulder the responsibility. You didn’t order me to do it. I wanted it myself! I’m a good brother, right?!” 
Justin could not be bothered to speak anymore and slapped his head. “When did ever I order you to do this?” 
One had to use a stupid method against an idiot. 
As expected, Zester finally said something useful. “You sent me an email! You even sent me a voice message. Have you forgotten? You’re so young, but you’re already so forgetful?” 
Justin suppressed the urge to kick him away. “Let me see the email and voice message!” 
Zester nodded and took out his phone to open the email. Sure enough, it was from Justin’s account. 
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
His email had not been used much recently, but there had always been a firewall. There were only two or three people in the world who could break through his firewall, so it would be easy to find. 
Zester found the voice message and played it for him. 
The voice inside was very similar to Justin’s, but he was sure he had not said these words. 
Justin narrowed his eyes. 
At this moment, Nora walked over and took Zester’s phone. She also looked at them. Nora said, “The voice is synthesized. Someone recorded parts of your voice to make this.” 
Justin raised his eyebrows and smiled.
Heard one’s own recorded voice would feel a little unfamiliar, of course. It was difficult to judge. 
He did not expect Nora to be so familiar with his voice. 
Nora did not know why this man was smiling at her. She opened his email again and checked it before saying, “Why does this firewall look so familiar?” 
Justin stood behind her. “Yes, how can you not be familiar with your own creation?” 
Nora: “?” 
She then realized that the method to break through Justin’s firewall was really something she used often, and there were also traces of her using it. 
But! 
How could she have hacked Justin’s email and sent something to Zester? 
She frowned. “There are two possibilitieseither the other party learned my method, or he used my software.” 
Justin nodded. 
After a moment of silence, they looked at Zester in unison. 
“Who did I tell you to give these things to?” 
“Who did Justin ask you to give these things to?” 
Zester, who was being questioned by the two of them at the same time, was even more stunned. He looked at the two of them in a daze and said weakly, “Wasn’t it supposed to be sent to Big Brother?”
“What’s the address?” 
“Just, just the villa at Big Brother’s home in New York!” 
The villa at home… 
Could it be that the person who had arranged for this was in the Hunts? 
However, the Hunts had just been cleaned up by Justin. The servants in the house had also been cleaned up. This kind of problem should no longer exist. 
Therefore, the person who wanted to find info about V16 from the book her mother had left behind could not be at the Hunts. 
If he was not at the Hunts, then… 
Delivery! 
— 
Half an hour later, Zester walked out with a box full of books. After he went out, he immediately called a delivery company to collect the mail to New York. 
Soon, the courier came and received his parcel before leaving with it. 
The delivery man put away the package. There was still another parcel to collect, so he did not stay long. However, he did not notice that after he left, three people came out of the house and followed behind him sneakily. 
The delivery man did not care much about the package. He threw the package into his car and drove to the next house to receive the package.
When he went upstairs, the express car was parked outside. 
Not many people passed by this time in the district. 
Nora and Justin stood in an obscure corner not far away. 
Zester looked at the two of them and was very puzzled. “Big Brother, Nora, what are you doing here?” 
Almost as soon as he said this, a person on a motorcycle suddenly came to the courier car. Then, he pulled out a box of books and threw them into the courier car. Then, he took out the parcel from the Blacks. 
His movements were so fast that if they had not been staring, they would not have realized it at all! 
“Catch him!”
###Chapter 764
Chapter 764 The Mastermind Revealed 
Zester was simple-minded. Although he did not understand what they were doing, he rushed out when he heard this. 
The person on the motorcycle wearing a helmet thought that he was undetected. He turned a corner and was about to leave when he saw a burly man suddenly crawl out from behind the grass and pounce on him, scaring him. 
He hurriedly turned the accelerator and wanted to rush over, but although Zester looked huge, he was very agile. After all, he was a member of the Irvin School of Martial Arts. He grabbed the handle of the motorcycle and jumped to the side of the motorcycle. Then, he let go of the handle, grabbed the person’s shoulder, and pulled hard. 
The front wheel of the motorcycle instantly went high up and the back wheel spun on the spot. In the blink of an eye, the motorcycle flipped over, and the person was dragged off the motorcycle. The motorcycle dropped to the grass beside him and the person on it was successfully caught by Zester. 
The battle seemed intense, but Zester held the advantage. 
Only then did Nora and Justin walk over slowly. Zester pulled down the helmet of the motorcycle owner. It was a fifteen-year-old child! 
The child spat. “Consider me unlucky to have fallen into your hands!” 
Nora frowned. “Who asked you to steal things?” 
The child pursed his lips. “No one. I just like to play. What’s wrong?”.
Nora still wanted to speak, but Justin suddenly stepped forward and grabbed his wrist, pressing him hard against the ground. A dagger fell with a clang. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
She had thought that this child was just a thief and had been instructed by someone. After all, he was really too young. She did not expect him to be hiding a dagger. 
The moment the dagger fell, the child was suddenly turned around and had his arm pinned down by Justin. In a seemingly inhuman way, he pulled his arm away from the opposite direction. 
Then, he stood up and turned to run out. 
His movements were smooth and flowed like water. Zester did not react at all and the child broke free. 
The child ran very quickly. It was almost as fast as a 100-meter sprint. As he ran, he turned back and made a funny face at Nora. 
He looked very arrogant! 
If it was anyone else, this child would definitely have kept running. Unfortunately for him, Nora and Justin were also present. 
Nora did not move. 
Justin threw a small stone he had been playing with in his hand. 
Bang! 
The little stone hit an acupuncture point on the boy’s knee, causing his knees to weaken. He fell to the ground and landed on his face.
“Ah!” 
When the boy fell, Zester had already caught up to him and he grabbed him again. 
This time, Nora and Justin did not interrogate him. Instead, they brought him into the car and tied him up. 
Zester drove while the little boy had his hands and feet tied to the backseat. 
Nora squatted down beside him and pulled up his sleeve. She saw that there were indeed many needle marks on his arm. 
She studied it carefully and wanted to search the boy’s body again, but she was stopped by Justin. She looked at Justin hesitantly and saw his eyes drift as he said, “I’ll do it.” 
Nora: “…” 
No way. She was only searching his body, but this man was still jealous. 
She smirked and raised her almond-shaped eyes slightly, looking like she had seen through Justin’s scheme, but she still moved aside. 
Justin did not speak, but his ears turned red. He coughed before searching the boy’s body. Soon, he found a medicine in his pocket. 
Nora had a serious expression. She opened the medicine bottle and took a sniff. Then, she said with certainty, “Indeed, he’s been injected with a genetic improvement agent.” 
She had learned this from the special department.
The word gene serum only applied to the correct formula of V1-V16. Currently, not many people in the world had injected this serum. 
However, these potions, the ones that improved strength, had all kinds of hidden side effects. These imperfect potions could only be called gene improvement agents. 
These injections were all unorthodox. They were extremely harmful to the body and only allowed one to obtain temporary strength. 
The drug that Yvonne had been injected with was a gene improvement agent. If one did not adjust the amount of this medicine well, they would hemorrhage and die. Even if they did not hemorrhage, those who had been injected with the medicine could only live for two years. 
It was not like the real gene serum. If Trueman got the V16, his DNA would be improved and he would become the first person in the world with a perfect genetic chain! 
“Return the medicine to me!” 
Seeing that Nora had opened the medicine, the boy roared angrily. Although his hands and feet were tightly bound, he twisted them with all his might. 
Seeing how agitated he was, Nora asked, “Where did you get this?” 
The boy shouted, “I spent a lot of money on this before Jude gave it to me. Return it to 
me!” 
Jude? 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Who is Jude?”
She suddenly felt like she had found an underground network! 
The boy sneered. “I know. You want to buy medicine from Jude, right? Then let go of me. Or else I won’t take you there!” 
Hearing his words, Nora and Justin looked at each other and did not speak. 
Soon, Zester brought the two of them to a villa in California. 
The Hunts’ old residence was in California, so Justin naturally had a place there. This villa was very big. Not long after the two of them entered, Howard swaggered in as he looked at his younger brother from his second grandfather’s family in the old residence. 
As soon as he entered, he shouted loudly, “Justin, you’re too much. Why didn’t you inform me that you were coming to California?” 
Justin ignored him and looked at Nora, gesturing for him to greet her. 
However, Howard touched his hooked nose and ignored Nora. He only asked, “Justin, where’s that weakling of yours? Doesn’t he follow you wherever you go? Why isn’t he here?” 
Hearing this, Nora looked up. “Who is this weakling?” 
“Pete! He’s so small and doesn’t deserve to be my brother’s son at all!” Howard was Justin’s crazy fan. 
He had always protected and admired him unconditionally. 
However, Howard felt that it was his humiliation that Justin had a son with autism! 
Pete was not fit to be his brother’s son! 
Moreover!
Howard glanced at Nora disdainfully. 
This woman looked fragile. How was she different from those young ladies of wealthy families in the city? She was clearly spoiled. 
Other than having a good family background, what else about her could match up to Justin? 
In this world, the only person who could match up to his brother was Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister!
###Chapter 765
Chapter 765 Protect Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister? 
When Howard thought of this, he suddenly reacted and glared at Nora. “Did you scold me just now?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and shrugged. She did not say anything. 
Of course, she would retaliate when someone scolded her son. She was not so easygoing where anyone could pinch her cheeks. 
Howard was instantly furious and wanted to rush forward to beat her up, but he had just taken a step closer to Nora when Justin’s bright eyes swept over, scaring Howard. 
Howard was a boor. 
He had been immersed in martial arts since he was young. He had a strong masculine aura and was fundamentally opposite of the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ teachings. Therefore, Irvin had never taken him in as a disciple. 
Moreover, Howard was a die-hard fan of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, so Quinn would ignore him even more. 
Justin did not care that Howard was furious and asked, “You came at the right time. Do you know Jude?” 
When it came to a serious matter, Howard calmed down. He sat opposite Justin and said, “I’ve heard of him. Jude’s dark power rose under California this month. I’m involved in some of it, so I know a little. This person came less than half a month ago and already has a group of loyal supporters. I heard that it’s because he has a secret drug that can make people stronger. Now, he’s quite powerful in California. I’m also thinking of meeting him!”
With that, Howard touched his chin and couldn’t help but ask, “Brother, is there really such a medicine? It can make people stronger? If I get some, will Quinn take me as his disciple?” 
Justin: “…I don’t know if he’ll accept you as his disciple, but if you really eat it, I’ll have to come to California again in two years.” 
Howard: “Why?” 
“To collect your corpse.” 
Howard was speechless for a moment before he sighed. “When I heard about it, I was indeed tempted. But after some thought, I realized how could a person become stronger just like that? There must be a price to pay. Besides, I still despise people who rely on drugs to become stronger.” 
Howard was a reckless person obsessed with martial arts. He wanted to become stronger and had a dream. 
However, he was also stubborn and had his own pride. 
Fortunately, he did not rush to court death. 
Justin suddenly asked, “Do you know Jude’s stronghold?” 
“Of course.” 
“How many people do you have?” 
Howard immediately patted his chest and said, “Justin, in California, you can have as many as you want!” 
Justin nodded. “Ok, get our men prepared. We’ll destroy their nest tonight!”
“Okie-Dokie!” 
With that, Howard turned around and left, calling for help. 
After he left, Justin looked at Nora with a stern expression. 
Nora thought about it and suddenly asked, “Do we need to tell Morris?” 
After all, Morris was from the special department. It was more appropriate for him to handle such matters. The secret organization and the gene serum were both being investigated by the special department. 
Justin was silent for a moment before saying, “Alright.” 
Nora picked up her phone and informed Morris about the plan. 
It was illegal for them to fight in private, but if Morris came, they would be assisting the officials. 
After receiving her call, Morris immediately sent someone over. 
At night, a group of people gathered in an abandoned steel factory in California. Morris and Brenda rushed over quickly, but the other members of the special department had not arrived yet. 
Howard led more than a hundred people and was explaining to Justin, “These are all men we trained with. Justin, command them without any worries!” 
The group of people instantly stood up for Justin. They shouted in unison, “Big Brother!” 
Justin: “…” 
Nora: “…”
It looked a little like a gangster meeting. 
Nora felt that it was funny. 
However, the next moment, Howard suddenly pointed his spear at her. “Justin, why did you bring her here?” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows but before she could say anything, Brenda said unhappily, “Who is she!? Howard, why have you been so rude since your childhood? Or don’t you know that she’s Justin’s wife? Shouldn’t you be calling her Sister-in-law?” 
Howard pursed his lips. “Get lost. What right does a woman like you have to order me around?” 
Brenda sneered. “Because I can beat you down!” 
Howard was momentarily at a loss for words. 
Other than Justin, Brenda was the only one in the Hunts who could fight. Otherwise, she would not have been able to work with Interpol. 
However, Howard said coldly, “I can’t argue with you, but it doesn’t matter if you come. After all, you can fight. What is she doing here? Is she here to hold us back? There will be many clashes there. It will be a real fight. Who will protect her?”. 
“I can protect Nora. Besides, there’s Justin too. Why are you such a busybody?” 
Brenda defended.
Howard sneered. “You’re protecting her? Is your mission here to protect her? Besides, Justin, how can you use you protect her? There are so many of us here to protect you! A woman who doesn’t know martial arts must be bored. Is she joking?” 
Brenda continued to defend her. “But Nora knows medicine. She’s our forensic doctor!” 
“Forensics doesn’t charge into battle. Besides, we’re here to catch people today, not to see a doctor. Are you kidding me? People should know their limits. Keep her here obediently, lest she pisses her pants in fear and blames me later!” 
Brenda was furious. “If Justin wants to bring her, what can you do about it? Or do you want to rebut his decision too? Are you disobedient? Besides, as a man, shouldn’t he protect his woman? Justin, tell me, should I let Nora in?” 
Justin watched as the two of them argued. Howard’s words were simply laughable. He raised his eyebrows and said, “Okay, I’ll protect Nora.” 
Nora: “…” 
What kind of stupidity was this? 
She raised her almond-shaped eyes slightly but did not speak. She could not be bothered to argue with this retard. 
However, Howard did not give up. “See, Justin? You should find a wife like Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister. No matter what you do in the future, she won’t hold you back! Even if this woman can’t compare to her, she should at least learn some fancy martial arts, right?” 
Nora: “” 
Howard took a deep breath and walked to Justin and Nora’s side. He waved his hand. “Let’s go!”
Forget it. He would help protect the person his brother liked! 
He would have to take the opportunity to take a photo of this woman’s frightened and crying appearance and make his brother despise her!
###Chapter 766
Chapter 766 Being Dramatic 
With great momentum, the group infiltrated the abandoned steel factory ahead of them. 
Their mission that evening was actually a little difficult. 
The hundred or so men were all ordinary people, whereas some of the men under Jude’s command had taken the gene-improvement solution. In comparison, it seemed that ordinary people were relatively at a disadvantage. 
Fortunately, Howard had gathered a relatively large group of people, and they were also launching a surprise attack. Most of Jude’s subordinates were not there. 
There were only about thirty people there. 
Therefore, Howard was full of confidence and felt that he would definitely win. 
“You guys, go in through this door. You guys over there, go in through that door…” 
Howard gave the men instructions for the formation so that they could prevent the enemy from escaping. 
They not only had to capture Jude today, but they also had to prevent news of their attack from getting out. Otherwise, Jude’s subordinates would never come over again. Should that happen, they wouldn’t be able to capture them all. Those men didn’t do anything wrong, though. Rather, it was because they had been injected with the gene-improvement solution, so they only had two years left to live. 
Morris would definitely want to save them. 
After all, most of them weren’t aware of the truth and didn’t know what exactly Jude was doing. Their desire to become stronger was the only reason why they were under his control. They didn’t deserve to die.
The special department officers would come over immediately once they arrived. As the main force and the vanguard, Morris and Brenda took the lead and rushed in first. 
They were professionals, after all. 
Morris and Brenda led their respective men and attacked an entrance each. 
The steel factory had three entrances. Howard, Justin, and Nora were in charge of attacking the last entrance. 
Howard took the lead and snorted at Nora. “Stay behind me and don’t be a hindrance to Justin, understand?” 
Nora ignored him, merely following him at the back leisurely. 
Seeing her lazy appearance, Howard couldn’t help but say, “Are you here for shopping, or are you here to capture someone?” Did she have any idea at all just how cruel and savage the people whom they were about to face in there were? 
Despite that, Nora merely glanced at him leisurely again and slowly uttered, “Oh.” 
Howard felt as if his punch had landed on a wad of cotton, his attack totally negated. 
Infuriated, he muttered, “Pete must have inherited his invalidity from you! No matter what you do, you just can’t keep your spirits up. What a weakling!” 
Nora glanced at him. “Do you believe me when I say that he’ll be able to beat you in a fight ten years later?”. 
No matter how strong a five-year-old was, it was impossible for them to beat a trained martial artist like Howard.
But that might not necessarily be the case ten years from now. 
Howard sneered and said, “Of course I do, he is Mr. Quinn’s disciple after all! What are you proud of, though? Even if Mr. Quinn’s disciple was just a block of wood, it would still be able to beat me in a fight! Besides, it’s entirely because of Justin that Mr. Quinn decided to take him as his disciple!” 
“Really?” 
Nora countered sarcastically. However, it was exactly that simple sentence of hers that annoyed Howard a little. He snapped, “What kind of attitude is that? Are you looking down on Justin?” 
Nora’s lips hooked into a smile. “Why couldn’t he have taken Pete as a disciple because of me?” 
Howard sneered, “You? Do you think you are the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister? Do you think you can get Mr. Quinn to take a disciple so easily?” 
Well, she really was, though. 
Nora touched her nose and glanced at Justin. 
Justin’s lips curled into a smile. 
What a dimwit. He was in for a surprise later! 
Justin wanted Howard to experience social death for despising Nora and Pete all the time. The nastier the things he said at this moment, the more the slap to his face would hurt. 
Therefore, Justin did not bother explaining Nora’s identity to him. 
Amidst Howard’s complaints, the group finally charged into the factory.
At the sight of them, someone immediately shouted, “Who are you people? What do you want?” 
He’d only just spoken when Howard rushed over, his fist striking the man and putting him in a daze. Even his teeth had come loose and he spat out a few. 
After he punched the man, Howard deliberately turned around to reveal the man’s miserable appearance to Nora. He’d thought that the woman would be terrified at the sight, or at the very least, turn pale, right? 
Unexpectedly… 
Nora glanced at the man and then… she yawned 
What kind of joke was this?! 
Should she be yawning even at an exciting moment like this?! 
Howard was stunned. 
But the next moment, he understood. 
The woman must have incredible mental resilience, otherwise, Justin would not have brought her here, either. Hmph, she wasn’t that useless after all. At least she didn’t burst into tears like other women. 
When Howard thought of this, he continued to rush forward. 
Over at where Brenda and Morris were, their siege advanced rather quickly, causing Judewho was in the abandoned steel factory-to rush towards Howard’s group with a few of his martial arts experts. He was planning to break through them and fight his way out. When Nora followed behind Justin leisurely while Howard and his men were clearing the way, they encountered a group of people in a corridor.
There were eight of them in total. The one surrounded by the others was obviously Jude, who had long hair and blue eyes. 
He was big and stout and had bulging muscles all over his body, making him look very fierce. 
“Damn!” Howard said, “Why did we have to run into the eight of them?” 
“What’s wrong?” Justin asked. 
Howard replied, “Those eight men are known for their fighting skills, especially Jude. I thought they would split up and flee separately, but unexpectedly, they stayed together… and we even ran into each other. Justin, my men are no match for them. If we force our way through, they will probably become injured.” 
Howard didn’t want his comrades, who saw him as their leader, to die for nothing. Those eight men were simply too strong, his brothers would only end up as cannon fodder. 
Therefore, Howard wanted Justin to take action. Justin slowly said, “Okay. Stand back, all of you.” 
Following his instructions, Howard led his men to stand behind Justin. 
Seeing this, Jude laughed and said, “Not bad, that’s pretty gutsy of you. In that case, today, I shall show you how powerful I am!” 
Then, he said, “That guy should be the strongest among them. I’ll keep him occupied while the seven of you rush out!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Justin said to Nora behind him, “I will deal with Jude. I’ll leave the rest to you.” 
Nora nodded.
Among the eight people, Jude was the only one who was a little troublesome. The rest were no big deal. 
Just as she was about to reply, Howard, who mistakenly thought that Justin was speaking to him, said loudly, “Don’t worry, Justin, leave the rest of them to me! Even if I die, I will never give them a chance to leave!” 
Nora: “…” 
Those were just a few insignificant riff-raff. Did he really need to be so dramatic?
###Chapter 767
Chapter 767 It Turns Out That My Sister-in-law Is An Expert 
Justin took a step forward. Jude was indeed rather skilled, though it was also possible that his skills and great physical strength were all thanks to the gene serum, making him a little difficult to deal with. 
When Jude started exchanging blows with him, he knew at once that he was in trouble. He’d originally thought that the people at this entrance would be easier to deal with since those at the other two entrances were all professional police officers, but it seemed that he’d made the wrong choice! 
He immediately said to the people behind him, “You guys, break your way through first!” 
Only when they left would Justin be distracted, thereby giving him the chance to escape. 
The few men behind him were all subordinates whom he’d taken a lot of care to groom. They were the strongest in their circle and had also shown the best results after taking the gene-improvement solution. 
Even Howard was no match for them, which went to show how strong they were. 
The men nodded immediately. They bypassed Jude and Justin and rushed towards Nora and Howard. 
Justin didn’t intercept them. 
It seemed like he trusted the people behind him very much. 
At the sight, Howard was terribly moved. 
In the past, Justin had always called him a good-for-nothing because he didn’t make any progress despite practicing martial arts for so long. All of his moves were just fancy, without any real substance. Yet Justin was putting so much trust in him at this moment.
There were eight of them in total. They might not be as strong as Jude, but they had numbers on their side! 
He must not let Justin down! 
With that in mind, lofty ambitions suddenly surged up in Howard. He bit the bullet and stepped forward at once. “I can do it, Justin! Don’t worry!” 
As he let out a roar, he attacked one of the eight men at once! 
Howard felt that this must be the highlight of his life. He followed after Justin, using his bare hands to deal with Jude’s seven henchmen… well, one of them. 
He used everything he had to dodge his opponent’s attack, and then he punched and kicked them. 
They exchanged numerous blows without any pause. 
The two of them delivered kicks at each other with great force, as though they wanted to beat all the dust off their clothes. Wherever he was hit, Howard felt as if his bones were close to breaking. The pain was so great that he was close to losing all his strength. 
But he mustn’t admit defeat! 
He mustn’t bring shame to Justin! 
Thus, Howard gritted his teeth and continued to strike the opponent hard! 
“Haaaaah!” 
With a great shout, Howard finally knocked the man down onto the ground! 
The two of them were pretty much equally matched, but with his determination, he had beat him! 
When he held the man under him, Howard felt that he had done it! He had succeeded! 
He raised his head excitedly, only to suddenly realize that he had only stopped one of them and there were six left! 
The people behind him only knew fancy moves without any substance. They could handle ordinary people, but not any of these eight opponents. 
The six men must have already sent all the people behind him flying by then, right? 
While not fatal, they would definitely suffer injuries. 
No, wait… 
That woman! 
Howard hurriedly looked behind him to check on Nora and see if she was hiding in the corner and shaking in her boots. 
He wondered if Justin would be mad at him for not protecting Nora well. 
While he was thinking about it, he turned his head to the side, only to see… 
The six men, whom he’d thought of as incredibly powerful, had all collapsed onto the floor beside him? 
All of them lay there, unable to get up. 
Nora stood beside them and dusted off her hands leisurely, as though she was the one who had defeated the seven men.
Howard looked at the people behind him and praised them. “Not bad, guys! Out of those seven tyrants, I didn’t expect you guys to actually be able to stop six of them! Who’s the one that’s so impressive?” 
As soon as he said that, his men all looked at one another. At last, all of them looked at Nora. 
Howard: “” 
What was that supposed to mean? 
But when he looked at the men again, they looked like they had absolutely no intention to do anything… 
Howard was not like the brainless Chester. He couldn’t help but frown and think. 
Half a beat later, he stared at his men incredulously and said, “What are you guys looking at her for? Surely it can’t be her who did this, right? Did she beat them all with her beauty? What kind of joke is that?!” 
The men nodded in unison. 
Then, they looked at Nora in shock again. 
They’d originally thought that she was a girl with a weak personality. After all, she had such a good temper. Howard had scolded her for so long, yet she hadn’t retorted at all. 
But when they thought of the brutal scene just now… 
They felt like their worldviews had been totally subverted! Who would have thought that a delicate woman like her would be a master martial artist? 
Stunned, Howard frowned. “No way, you guys…” 
Before he could finish speaking, the man under him suddenly pushed Howard away and ran out.
“Stop him!” 
Howard shouted. The next moment, he saw the man running up to Nora.
###Chapter 768
Chapter 768 I Don’t Need It 
Howard was greatly alarmed. In his opinion, the person whom he had intercepted was likely the strongest among the seven. 
Although he didn’t like his sister-in-law very much, for Justin’s sake, he couldn’t let her get hurt either. 
Was that guy running up to Nora to take her hostage and force everyone into retreating? 
What bad luck! 
He knew it, women were trouble. Why did she have to come? 
As soon as the thought formed, he stepped forward to rush over. But his leg had only just reached out when he saw the man reaching towards Nora. 
At some point, there was already a dagger in his hand. He jabbed it right at Nora’s neck. 
“Don’t move! Or I’ll—”. 
But before he could say “kill her”, Nora had suddenly stretched out her hand, grabbed his wrist, and exerted a little force. 
Crack! 
The dagger in the man’s hand fell to the ground, and his wrist emitted a crisp snap. 
Howard had just beaten up the man, but even all the pain he’d suffered just now couldn’t compare to the sharp pain he was currently feeling. The pain made him turn limp, and he slumped onto his knees in front of Nora.
To everyone, Nora seemed to just be holding his wrist lightly. With her eyes slightly raised, she slowly asked in a low voice, “Are you getting down on your knees to beg me for mercy? That’s not quite appropriate, is it?” 
The whole place was quiet. 
Even the thug had fallen into a daze from the pain. He looked at Nora in astonishment. Where on earth did the delicate woman get all that physical strength from? 
On the other side, Howard looked at them in astonishment. He swallowed and looked at his men. “… So, she really was the one who… beat all those men just now?” 
His men, who only knew fancy moves, lined up in a row and then silently took a step back in unison so that they were all one step further away from Nora. Then, they nodded together. 
Howard: “…” 
By the time the situation here was resolved, Justin had also finished dealing with Jude. At this time, Morris and Brenda also rushed over from the other two entrances. 
By then, Nora had already let go of the last man’s hand. The man’s wrist was drooping limply, his bones obviously fractured. 
Upon seeing the men collapsed on the floor beside Nora, Brenda raced towards her at once and sent the man with the limp wrist flying with a kick. She glared at Howard furiously and demanded, “What’s wrong with you? How can you let him rush all the way up to Nora? What if he scared her?” 
She held Nora’s hand and said, “Don’t be afraid, Nora! I’m here!” 
Howard: “…”
His lips moved. He wanted to explain, but before he could say anything, Nora glanced over at him, scaring Howard so badly that he shut up at once. 
Nora didn’t want Brenda to know that she was very strong. After all, she found Brenda’s protection of her very heartwarming. 
Howard, who looked like he was in a huge dilemma, shouldered the “blame” and said, “It… it was my mistake!” 
Brenda: “?” 
She and Howard had always been fighting with each other. Why was he suddenly giving in this time? 
However, she didn’t want to spare too much thought on those issues at the moment. After she held Nora’s hand, she looked at Justin and complained, “Justin, why didn’t you stop him?” 
Justin: “…” 
“Alright, alright.” Nora patted Brenda’s hand comfortingly. After she calmed her sister-in-law down, her gaze swept across the people present. Howard’s men immediately straightened their backs and shivered in unison. 
Nora’s gaze then swept across the people on the floor. Her little sidekicks immediately reacted and they walked over to arrest everyone lying on the floor and escort them out. 
After tying them all up, Brenda said, “Nora, we’ve found their R&D base. I will take you there now.” 
Nora nodded. 
To be honest, she’d always wanted to see how these gene-improvement solutions with unknown chemical components were made. But when she entered their laboratory with Brenda, she found that
everything there was very plain and crude. 
This was no R&D base at all! 
“What’s going on?” 
Brenda turned to the side and grabbed Jude. 
After Jude was arrested, he had known right away that there was no escape for him. He immediately explained, “We actually don’t have a base or anything like that. These gene-improvement solutions are just diluted versions of the gene serum!” 
Nora: “…” 
Everyone: “…” 
After they had put in so much time and effort, the truth was actually so dull? 
And here they thought they had caught a den of thieves that manufactured gene serums! 
“Where did you get the gene serum from?” Morris asked, his voice low and serious. 
An honest and obedient Jude explained, “I bought it. We have a sales channel abroad where we can buy pure gene serums. The diluted serums don’t cause too much harm to ordinary people’s bodies.” 
“They only have two years left to live, yet you’re saying the serums don’t cause too much harm to the body?” 
Morris frowned.
Jude said cautiously, “The gene serum can only be used on children. Adults can’t withstand it at all, they will explode and die immediately. But once it’s diluted, their genes can still be improved a little… Besides, there are statistics that show that some people have survived past two years…” 
“What happened after the two years?” 
“… They lived for another half a month.” 
Brenda sneered, “You are pretty smart, aren’t you? Using the gene serum on yourself while giving others the gene-improvement solution instead. You’re purely just harming people!” 
“No, no!” Jude was very honest. “How would I be worthy of using the gene serum? I’m also using the diluted gene-improvement solution. I… need money, my child has a terminal illness, but the medical fees cost more than one hundred thousand dollars. Only if I used the gene-improvement solution on myself would I have been able to convince the others that I have become stronger, and only then could I sell the gene-improvement solution… I didn’t have any other choice…” 
His words stunned everyone present. All of them looked at him in disbelief. 
Even Nora and Justin exchanged a look. 
They’d initially thought that Jude was likely one of the five children who had survived the experiments back then, but little did they expect that he actually wasn’t? 
No wonder he was so easygoing! 
Jude’s martial arts prowess just now, though… He had kept Justin occupied for three minutes all by himself! 
At present, there were actually large skill gaps in martial artists in the country.
Apart from Irvin and Quinn, the strongest were Big Brother and Big Sister. The other disciples didn’t have bodies well-suited for martial arts. Moreover, in these modern times, no one would work that hard to practice martial arts, either. 
As a result, apart from a few top martial artists, the rest were all rather mediocre. 
This was also the reason why Big Brother and Big Sister were so popular in the circle, as well as why their statuses were unopposed! 
Because there were very few in America who could even last ten moves with Justin! 
The diluted gene-improvement solution alone could improve a person’s physical constitution this much. In that case, just how strong would people who had been injected with gene serums, and whose genes had truly been improved, be? 
Nora and Justin suddenly felt that even they might not be their opponents’ match should they encounter them! 
Their hearts sank. 
It was also in this instant, in the face of absolute power, that Nora finally realized how terrifying the gene serum was. 
No wonder even her mother had been driven into a corner and chose to die back then. 
Her expression darkened. When she thought of how those five people were after the V16 that Xander needed, she suddenly felt rather panicked, scared, and at a loss. 
The V15 gene serum was already so powerful. Should they be injected with the V16, wouldn’t they all become superhumans?!
While she was thinking, at some point, Howard had already sneaked over to her. Earlier, he had been overbearing and arrogant towards her and had also reprimanded her as and when he wanted to, but he was now very cautious around her. 
He asked softly, “Um, Nora… You must be from the Quinn School of Martial Arts, right?” 
The Irvin School of Martial Arts didn’t try to win by physical strength. It was just like how Justin hadn’t subdued Jude with just one move. 
Only the Quinn School of Martial Arts would use such open and aboveboard moves. 
Nora admitted to it with a grunt. 
As soon as she did, Howard spoke again. “Then are you Linda from the Quinn School of Martial Arts? Have you met Big Sister before?” 
The martial arts-obsessed teenager scratched his head. “I… I want to ask Big Sister to be my teacher! Do you know where she is? What does she like? How can I please her?” 
Nora looked at the young man’s pious attitude and sighed silently. “I don’t need pleasing.” 
###Chapter 769
Chapter 769 New Trap 
After saying that, Nora walked past him and walked out with Justin. 
There was no point in staying any longer in the laboratory. They were going to interrogate Jude to find out who was giving him the orders so that they could find the mastermind hiding behind everything. 
It was only when the two of them reached the entrance that Howard finally realized what Nora meant. His eyes widened in disbelief and he stared at Nora from the back in shock and astonishment. 
When he did, he saw that, because the door was a little narrow and two people could not pass through it at the same time, Justin subconsciously took half a step back while Nora walked out calmly without feeling like anything was wrong. Howard: “…” 
Since when did Justin ever give way to others? 
He had always been the leader of the family, yet he was naturally giving way to someone else now. 
In addition to being in love with her, it was even more so because that person was worthy of him doing so! 
So, she really was Big Sister! 
No wonder Justin, who had always been very protective of his own, didn’t even say a word when he badmouthed Nora. On top of that, he’d even given him a seemingly half-amused look. 
At that time, he’d thought that it was because Justin liked Big Sister, but he finally realized why now! 
Howard felt like he had been slapped in the face, and he was distressed. 
He had actually mocked Big Sister!
Was it too late for him to apologize? 
With that in mind, Howard hurriedly followed after them. 
On the way out, Nora kept thinking about the problem she was facing, wanting to know the specifics of the clue to the V16. After the incident just now with Jude, she couldn’t quite wait anymore. 
Her gait couldn’t help but speed up. Justin followed closely behind her. 
When the two came to the car, Justin was about to open the car door for Nora when a figure darted over, opened the car door, and said humbly, “Nora, be careful not to knock yourself against the top of the door!” 
Nora: “…” 
Justin: “…” 
Howard looked at Nora ingratiatingly with a smile. “Nora, what do you think of my martial arts? Do I have any hope of entering the Quinn School of Martial Arts and becoming your disciple?” 
Nora thought for a while. Suddenly, she sighed and said, “Let’s get the old man to teach you instead.” 
She then picked up her cell phone and called Quinn. 
Quinn was very loud. He hollered, “What’s up, Sleepyhead?” 
Nora touched her nose, not quite used to someone calling her by a nickname. She coughed and said, “I’ve found you a disciple.” 
“… You took a disciple for me? Have I agreed to it? Yet you took them in so casually? If you want to take a disciple, then take one for yourself!” Quinn retorted.
Next to Nora, Howard felt as if his heart was in his throat when he heard Quinn. 
He had met Quinn before. Back then, when he was in New York, Quinn hadn’t even shown Justin any courtesy. Wasn’t Nora being a little too impolite with him? 
Would Quinn expel her in a fit of rage? 
Just as he was thinking about it, he heard Nora say calmly, “I’ve already told him to go to New York to look for you.” 
“… He’d better bring a present!” 
“Okay.” 
“… Okay? What do you mean ‘okay’? You no-good disciple, you…” 
Before Quinn could finish, Nora hung up the phone and looked at Howard silently. “Quinn is old, so he’s a little long-winded. Don’t mind him.” 
Howard was already frozen on the spot like a statue. 
He’d never imagined that Quinn would actually agree to it just like that! Additionally, Nora completely had the upper hand in her talks with Quinn! 
While he was in a daze, Nora and Justin got into the car, left the place, and headed straight to the Hunts’ family home. 
Even if outsiders were tailing them, they wouldn’t be able to enter the residence. 
Jude was taken away by Morris and Brenda.
After returning to the family home, Howard asked, “Nora, why didn’t you bring Jude back?” 
Nora was puzzled. “For what? Interrogation?” 
Howard frowned and replied, “Yeah, didn’t you catch him to find out who was the one giving him the orders?”. 
“… Aren’t Morris and the others more apt when it comes to interrogating prisoners?” 
So, why should she bring the prisoner back and do it herself instead? 
If she was that free, she might as well make up for lost sleep instead! 
Thinking of this, Nora curled her lips disdainfully. 
Howard: “…” 
By the time they arrived at the family home, it was already 10 PM. After entering, Nora and Justin steadfastly ate dinner without rushing, and then went to their room to rest. 
After the two of them entered, a servant in the Hunts’ family home quietly walked to an inconspicuous corner, took out a cell phone, and made a call. 
“Doesn’t seem like they have found the codebook. Or else they would have been in a hurry to see read it.” 
The person on the other end of the call said something and the servant replied, “Okay, I understand, sir.” 
After saying this, he hung up the phone, quietly made up an excuse, and went up to the door of the room Justin and Nora were in. While no one else was around, he pressed his ear against the door and listened to the voices inside.
Nora said, “Don’t be so anxious… Slow down…” 
“Nora, don’t move. Let me do it…” 
Creak… 
“Are you satisfied?” 
What followed were suggestive sounds, which even made the eavesdropping man blush. 
After the man listened for a while more, he finally turned and left. He then took out his cell phone and sent a text message: “I am certain that they didn’t find the codebook.” 
Inside the room. 
Nora sat steadily on the sofa with the ledger, and codebook she’d found, in her hand and read it leisurely. 
At the edge of the bed, Justin had put one hand on the bed and was pressing down hard, causing it to creak. 
He continued his performance. 
“Nora, does it feel good?” 
“Nora, do you want more?” 
“Nora, let’s do it again?” 
“What? One more time? Are you really trying to squeeze your husband dry?”. 
Nora: “…”
That man was simply too shameless. Although he was just acting, wasn’t he going a bit too far? 
The corners of her lips spasmed. “Did you take some kind of drug? How many times do you plan to do it in one night?” 
Justin chuckled. “I’m very strong. Why don’t you try me?” 
Nora: “…” 
The man was really becoming more and more explicit after the two of them got together. 
She lowered her head and continued to look at the codebook in her hand. 
Five minutes later, the code was deciphered. 
As she stared at the revealed information, Nora held her forehead in surprise. 
Seemingly having sensed her peculiar reaction, Justin finally ended his solo “exercise” on the bed and strode over to her. When he saw the Morse code translations recorded in her notebook, he also frowned. “That’s it?” 
Nora heaved a quiet sigh. “I knew it, Mom must have set up another trap for us! What should we do?”
###Chapter 770
Chapter 770 Dead Or Alive? 
Nora and Justin stared at the Morse code translation, both a little speechless. 
There was only a string of numbers in the translation, which looked like some kind of code. Apart from that was the name of a bank and the vault number of a safe deposit box. 
This showed that her mother had left something in the safe back then. Could it be the V16? 
Nora’s brows drew together as she pondered about it. 
Justin asked, “When are you going over to retrieve the contents?” 
Nora looked at him and then back at the bank 
name. 
The safe deposit box her mother had set up was in the Bank of New York, but if they returned and went to the Bank of New York so rashly, the people tailing them would surely realize that something was amiss. 
But if they don’t go in person… Should they send someone else to retrieve the contents instead, Nora was concerned that her mother might have left some kind of trap behind which would cause the person to fall into the trap if they didn’t notice anything. 
Therefore, their biggest problem at the moment was to find out exactly how many people were tailing and monitoring them, as well as how to avoid them… 
In other words, they needed to find a suitable excuse to go to the Bank of New York. 
Nora sighed silently.
She tossed the ledger aside and thought for a moment before she said, “Let’s find a suitable opportunity.” 
“Okay.” 
That night, both of them were a little troubled. 
They weren’t in the mood to do anything else even when they were lying on the bed. Nora also had insomnia for once. After mulling over something for a long time with her eyes closed in the dark, she suddenly turned to Justin and asked, “How was Jude’s martial arts prowess?” 
Although Justin’s breathing was steady the whole time, Nora could sense that he was still awake. Sure enough, as soon as she spoke, Justin’s voice came over. 
“It was alright. The gene serum is actually not as scary as we imagined.” “Really?” 
Nora was a little dubious. 
If Jude’s martial arts prowess was only “alright”, then how come Justin only managed to subdue him after she defeated eight people? 
However, the Irvin School of Martial Arts’ moves were light and nimble, and they were known for their strategies instead. Perhaps it did take that much time for them to deal with such people. 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief when she thought of that. 
She’d originally thought that since Jude was so strong, then the mastermind would surely be even stronger. But if Jude’s skills were just alright, then perhaps the gene serum’s effect wasn’t that great after all. 
All her worries were unnecessary. 
With that in mind, Nora turned around and finally fell asleep peacefully.
Upon hearing her even breathing, Justin suddenly stood up. 
He strode to the bathroom, opened the door, and then took out a first aid box in a practiced manner. 
Then, he lifted his gray silk pajama pants. 
There was a large bruise on his thigh. He applied some ice and lightly massaged the bruise. 
After the massage, he took off his shirt. 
He looked in the mirror and turned around in silence. 
On Justin’s back was another large patch of bruises. On top of that, there was also a bit of blood. His injuries were a shocking sight. 
Had he been an ordinary person, he probably would have been in so much pain that he could not even walk or move. Yet Justin hadn’t shown even the slightest sign of that. 
He applied some more ice to the bruises on his back with nary a frown. 
He had gotten all these bruises from Jude during his fight with him that day. Of course, Jude had also suffered very serious injuries. 
Even so, just how terrifying was it that someone could fight on par with him just because they had taken the gene serum?! 
On top of that, Jude was really just a nobody underling! 
This showed that the person who had sent Jude had at least ten Judes under his command! 
Justin could beat one or two Judes, but what about eight or ten?
Even he and Nora together probably wouldn’t be a match for them. 
Justin sat in the bathroom after he treated his wounds, his brows slightly furrowed. His expression also became extraordinarily grave. 
Their enemy was too powerful and too terrifying 
The gene serum had been around for more than twenty years ago. It was unknown how great a force they had built all these years. No wonder Yvette had chosen to die back then, and no wonder the special department still hadn’t obtained any substantial leads despite so many years of investigation. 
Justin frowned. Suddenly, he took out his cell phone and sent a message to Lawrence and Sean: ‘Enhance our security measures! And summon all our men back.’ 
Sean quickly replied: ‘Yes, sir.’ 
Lawrence’s reply came half a beat slower: ‘Got it, Boss. Has something happened?’ 
Justin took a deep breath and wrote: ‘Protect the three children and Nora.’ 
‘Yes, sir.’ 
After sending the messages, he made more arrangements on his cell phone before he gently returned to the bed and lay down beside Nora. 
The next day, by the time Nora woke up, Justin was already awake. He seemed to have already washed up and changed. He stood at the head of the bed and looked at her. “Let’s return to New York?” 
“Okay.” 
Then, Nora added, “But before I go back, there’s one thing I need to do.”
An hour later. 
At the Blacks. 
Nora handed the key to the Smiths’ villa to Irene. “Aunt Irene, why don’t you guys move to the villa?” 
Irene was about to refuse when Justin said, “The villa will become abandoned if it stays unoccupied year-round. Nora grew up there after all. If your family moves in, you guys can also help take care of it.” 
As soon as he said that, Irene and will looked at each other. Then, they nodded. 
Nora then handed Idealian Pharmaceuticals’ management rights to Will. “Uncle Will, I’ll have to trouble you to take care of the company while we’re in New York.” 
Will nodded. 
After handling all this, Nora and Justin finally set off for New York. 
– 
At the same time. 
Far away in Switzerland, a cruise ship drifted on the sea. 
The cruise ship was huge and had all kinds of facilities on it, including even luxury shops. However, there were no guests on board, and it seemed like someone had reserved the whole ship. 
In a room. 
Iris lay there quietly. 
A tall man stood quietly beside her.
The man reached out and gently stroked the woman’s cheek. He whispered, “Iris, it’s time to get up and eat.” 
He’d had her favorite morning tea prepared.
###Chapter 771
Chapter 771 Repaying Debts 
The woman on the bed was motionless. 
She was so pale that her skin looked almost transparent. 
She looked like she had already lost all signs of life… 
However, Philip was not panicked at all. He continued to gently stroke Iris’ cheek with his fingertips. 
He persisted like that for ten minutes until Iris finally let out a long sigh. She slowly opened her eyes, meeting Philip’s head-on. Underneath Iris’ long eyelashes, her eyes were filled with a sense of resignation. “Why are you doing this?” 
That day, when she went into shock from Philip’s strangling, Iris had nearly died. 
At that moment, she had really stopped breathing 
But when Philip saw that she really wasn’t breathing anymore, he’d panicked and hurriedly performed CPR on her, bringing her back to life. 
At the same time, Philip had also been informed that Nora was Q. Only then did he realize that he had ultimately still lost the bet with Justin. 
Iris hadn’t struggled at that time but merely looked at him quietly. 
Her gaze had terrified Philip, and he couldn’t help but ask, “What are you looking at me 
for?” 
Iris replied, “I have already given you a life back. Is this enough as repayment for the love between us back then?”
Was it enough? 
Iris had become utterly disappointed in him a long time ago. 
Back then, Iris asked him for help, yet he’d continued to test her feelings for him. During that time, Iris had given up on the man. 
If one asked her whether she loved him? 
Iris’ love for Philip was certainly not as deep as the latter’s love for her. 
After all, to Philip, love was everything. 
However, that was not the case for her. She had never been someone obsessed over love. Compared to romantic love family affection, friendship, and even her life itself were more important. 
Yet if one were to say that she did not love him? 
Philip was someone whom she found hard to forget and let go of. 
Despite five years passing since her marriage to Herman and even after having Justin, Iris had still been shocked at that moment where she met Philip once more. 
After all, he was her unforgettable first love, how could she possibly not have loved him? 
However, Iris had already made her choice. 
She had sealed her heart and would never give herself and Philip another chance. 
She and Philip both owed each other. 
Philip owed her a debt of trust, whereas she owed him unwavering love. Only with much difficulty had he finally seen true love in her, yet in the end, it had still turned into a sham, causing him to lose his trust in
the world. 
In that instant, Iris felt like she had been freed. 
Philip’s expression, which had been full of guilt, had also shown his regret and fear. 
In that instant where his emotions had gotten the better of him, he had hardly been able to control his emotions. That was why he’d done something so ruthless. Philip regretted his actions. 
The moment he saw Iris’ head hanging and her losing all signs of life, he knew that he had made a mistake. 
True love for someone was to watch them live happily, not constant tests and destruction! 
In the past twenty years, he had watched Iris from a distance and watched how she’d rather take care of flowers in the suburban villa than leave with him. That had indeed been torturous, but compared to that, he couldn’t accept Iris leaving this world for good even more! 
It could be said that Philip’s bout of venting had allowed him to finally realize his true feelings—he was afraid of losing Iris! 
Yet, Iris had completely let go of the relationship after her close brush with death. 
She didn’t owe him anything anymore. 
Unfortunately, when Iris wanted to leave, Philip hadn’t agreed to it and had forcibly taken her to the cruise ship. 
Only on the ship, and only at sea, would that man be unable to find them.
Iris wanted to escape, but in the vast sea, where could she go? 
She could only ignore him and try her best to persevere. 
At this time, seeing that she had finally spoken, Philip hurriedly said, “It’s enough, it’s enough! Iris, everything you say is correct. Let’s have something to eat first, okay?” 
Iris had not eaten for three days. 
Without food or water, the body wouldn’t be able to take it. 
However, Iris shook her head. “I told you, I’m not going to eat if you don’t free me. Philip, I don’t owe you anything anymore, you have no right to put me under house arrest.” 
Philip sighed silently when he heard this. He said, “I’m not putting you under house arrest. I just want to start over with you.” 
“That’s impossible.” 
Iris was weak, so her voice was a little low. 
She sighed. “Nothing can happen between us anymore. There are no longer any ties or debts between us.” 
Her firmness made Philip panic. 
He wanted to say more, but Iris closed her eyes, turned over, and continued to rest on the bed as if she had fallen asleep. 
Philip stared at her back, at a loss as to what to say. He could only back away quietly and leave the room in silence.
Upon hearing him leave, Iris breathed a quiet sigh of relief. 
However, not even five minutes later, the door was opened again. Philip said a little joyfully, “Iris, I’ve thought of a solution.” Iris opened her eyes. The moment she looked over, she was stunned. “What are you doing?!”
###Chapter 772
Chapter 772 Taking Revenge For Her 
Iris was stunned. 
Philip had found someone to carry a large fish tank into the room. The fish tank was half a person’s height and nearly three feet long. With a basin in his hand, someone poured water into it. 
After doing it a few times, the tank was full. 
Iris couldn’t understand what Philip wanted to do. However, the servants left after filling the tank with water, leaving only Philip and Iris in the room. 
Philip gazed at her with his deep and bottomless eyes. Inside his eyes was love so strong that it was nearly crazy. He suddenly said, “Iris, I know you are angry at me for almost strangling you to death, so I will take revenge for you now.” 
After he spoke, he suddenly lowered his head and plunged it into the water! 
Iris’ pupils shrank and she sat up abruptly. 
As she hadn’t eaten for three days, the violent movement made her vision blackout. She shook her head. After regaining a bit of light in her eyes, she looked at the room again. 
Philip’s hands were grasping both sides of the fish tank tightly, and his head was still immersed in the water! 
Iris shouted, “Are you crazy?!” 
She rushed up to Philip and grabbed his collar to pull him out. However, Philip was very strong, Iris couldn’t make him budge in the slightest.
Iris hurriedly got down beside him and started to bang on the fish tank! 
In the water, Philip opened his eyes, which were a little red from holding his breath. He stared at Iris, his lips moving. Although there was no sound, Iris understood what he was saying: “Are you still angry?” 
Iris was utterly stunned. 
She stared at Philip in disbelief. The man’s eyes were firm and determined as if saying that if she continued being angry, then he would really suffocate himself to death! 
Iris hurriedly nodded to express that she was no longer angry. 
She really was not angry. 
She merely felt freed. 
Despite that, Philip didn’t get out of the water. His lips were still moving. He asked, “Will you eat?” 
Iris clenched her jaw, not sure how she should 
answer. 
If she ate, she would be compromising. 
But she didn’t want to continue her relationship with Philip. Now that she had gotten on in years, she felt that enjoying family life and playing with her grandchildren at home was the best outcome she could ever have. 
While she was hesitating, she noticed that Philip’s eyes were starting to roll up, indicating that he was about to pass out. 
Iris yelled, “Come out of there! Come out!”
But Philip did not move. 
It was as though he would never come out unless she answered him. 
Seeing that the man was really about to suffocate himself to death-a minute had already passed since he went into the waterIris did not dare to waste any more time. She hurriedly shouted, “I’ll eat, I’ll eat!” 
When Philip heard this, he finally let go… 
However, by then, he was already exhausted and couldn’t climb out at all and he fell into the fish tank instead. 
Iris tried to pull him out again. As the man wasn’t resisting anymore, she managed to pull him out after putting every bit of her strength into it. 
Splash! 
Water splashed onto the ground, wetting the entire deck… 
Philip lay there, his arms limp beside him. As he took gulps of air, he slowly opened his eyes. 
Iris rushed up to him and gave him a slap across the cheek! 
Smack! 
Iris stared at him and snapped furiously, “You lunatic! You are a lunatic!” 
Philip, however, merely stared at her with a smile. His simple and naive appearance suddenly reminded Iris of their first date. 
He was introverted at that time. To be honest, among all the people courting Iris, he was neither eye- catching nor outstanding, yet she had chosen to date him.
He didn’t know where to take her or how to be nice to her, so he had stood below her dormitory and waited for her. After she got dressed and came downstairs, he could only give her a silly smile. 
The faces of that boy from back then and the man in front of her gradually overlapped. 
Iris cast her eyes down and said nothing. 
The servants outside had already entered, and they started to clean up everything in the room. 
Soon, the water on the floor was gone and the fish tank was also carried away. The room became clean and spotless. They even prepared a change of clothes for Iris, whose clothes had gotten wet when she pulled Philip out of the water. 
Iris went to the bathroom and changed. 
After she came out, she found that Philip had also changed into a set of clean clothes with the help of the servants. He had calmed down somewhat by then. The table was also full of her favorite breakfast foods. 
Iris walked over. Before she could do anything, Philip pulled out the chair for her, his behavior extremely gentlemanly. 
Iris sighed. 
She lowered her head. 
If she didn’t eat, she didn’t know what else Philip might do… 
Never mind.
She would just take it that all her years of growing flowers in the suburban villa were just a vacation. She made up her mind to eat and drink properly from now on. Otherwise, if her health suffered, how was she going to go back, enjoy family life, and play with her grandchildren? 
As for Philip… She lowered her eyes. 
She’d just treat him like a stranger. 
Seeing that she was willing to eat, Philip broke into a grin excitedly. He sat opposite her and kept offering her different dishes. However, she didn’t eat any of the food he served her. 
Philip sighed silently and put down his cutlery. “Iris, I know you still blame me for everything that has happened, but I will slowly make up for what I’ve done. We will definitely be able to return to what we were like in the past.” 
Iris wanted to say that it was impossible, but when she looked up, she saw Philip staring at her and saying, “It’ll definitely be possible. Definitely, absolutely.” 
Iris decided to shut up. 
After she finished eating, she felt a little more energetic. Although she was still rather weak, she didn’t want to lie down in the room anymore, yet she didn’t want to be alone if she were to go out for a walk, either. 
She wanted even less to be with Philip. 
While she was deep in thought, Philip smiled and said, “Iris, look who’s here?” 
Iris turned to see Mrs. Landis walking in. At the sight of Iris, Mrs. Landis stepped forward and called out, “Ma’am!” 
Iris was surprised.
Philip sighed. “We’re going to have to drift at sea for a while. I was afraid that you would be lonely, so I brought her here too. With her accompanying you, you would probably have a very good time here. By the way, you can go shopping. The cruise ship has everything, and there isn’t any limit to your purchases at all.” 
They were on a tourist cruise ship. Even a single ticket cost thousands of dollars, yet Philip had reserved the entire ship. 
The cruise ship was huge and lavish. 
The cruise ship was just like a large shopping mall. There were all kinds of luxury goods there, so one wouldn’t find it boring even if they stayed here for a month. 
As Iris listened to what he said, she lowered her eyes, patted Mrs. Landis’ hand, and said, “Then let’s go out for a walk.” 
If she stayed in the room, she’d have to face Philip. If so, she might as well relax, calm down, and protect herself well. They would eventually dock one day. After Iris and Mrs. Landis went out, Jason quietly came in and walked up to Philip. He said, “Boss, King is calling again. What do you think his relationship with Justin Hunt really is?”
###Chapter 774
Chapter 774 She Can’t Wait Anymore! 
Nora couldn’t wait anymore. 
Perhaps it wasn’t the V16 but clues to it in the safe deposit box, but there were only two months and twenty days left until Xander had to take the V16. 
Every passing day was torture for her. This was especially true when she saw the terrible atmosphere at home upon returning from California earlier in the afternoon. Cherry was not playing games, neither was Pete working on his Mathematical Olympiad. Instead, both of them were circling around Xander. 
Cherry had taken out all her favorite Barbie dolls and princess dresses and wanted to give them to him. 
Xander hadn’t taken them. 
As for Pete, he also hinted that he could give him all the Mathematical Olympiad worksheets he had bought. 
Xander hadn’t taken those either. 
The little fellow slumped on the sofa and waved as he said, “I don’t like your stuff! I only like animals!” 
When Cherry heard this, she immediately suggested, “I have an uncle who also loves animals a lot. He has a lot of stray cats and dogs. Why don’t we get Uncle Louis to send us a few?!” 
But Xander had waved and said, “No, I don’t want them. Those animals are your uncle’s friends, not mine.” 
Cherry corrected him. “Xander, he’s also your uncle. He is very generous. Besides, he also needs money to feed that many cats and dogs, but he doesn’t have any. He will definitely thank us if we help him raise a few!”
Pete also nodded and said, “Yes, he also has a dog whose coat has a mix of colors.” 
As soon as he said that, Xander replied, “So what? Even if he does, it’s still not Rainbow.” 
Rainbow was Dog No. 3. As its coat was a mix of different colors, Xander had named it Rainbow. The name was too cliché, and even Rainbow itself disliked it. However, that was what Xander called it, so it had no other choice. 
Rainbow was also the healthiest among the dogs there. 
However, just this morning, Rainbow lay down on the floor and never woke up again. 
Xander, who had become accustomed to death and parting, had dug a hole in the garden together with Cherry and Pete and buried Rainbow there. 
There were now several more mounds in the garden, all of which contained Xander’s friends. 
Every time they went to the garden, their hearts would be exceptionally heavy. 
As soon as Xander said that, Cherry and Pete looked at each other, neither of them daring to continue. Cherry changed the subject and said, “Xander, have you decided yet? Are you going to take the same last name as me or Pete?” 
Neither Cherry nor Pete would be changing their names. 
But surely Xander couldn’t keep using Yale as his last name, right? 
While Cherry and Pete were thinking about it, Xander waved and said, “Nah, I haven’t.” 
Cherry said, “Why don’t you take Smith as your last name like me? Grandpa will like you a lot!”
Pete said, “Boys should take Hunt as their last name, of course. It’s better to have the same last name as Daddy.” 
Cherry then said, “But if Xander’s last name is Hunt, then wouldn’t he end up competing with you over family assets? Let’s have Xander take Smith as his last name and inherit Grandpa’s assets instead!” 
Pete and Xander both looked at her. “What about you?” 
Cherry grinned. “I have Grandaunt!” 
Pete: “?” 
Xander: “” 
Cherry tilted her head and said, “Grandaunt doesn’t have any children, so she has always said that everything she has is mine. Princess Lucy can testify to that!” 
Princess Lucy had been staying at the Hunts’ ever since she came to celebrate Cherry’s birthday the other time. She had stayed with Cherry and played with her for three whole days. 
Later, because of all the uncertainty and turmoil regarding Herman and Philip, Justin had sent her back. 
She and Cherry had been reluctant to part when she had to go. 
At the mention of her grandaunt, Cherry tilted her head and said, “I miss Grandaunt!” 
Xander had been listless the whole time. 
Even when Nora came home, all three children rushed over, and she played with them for a while— Xander was still not very happy.
However, it seemed like the little boy had learned to hide his emotions from an early age, so he didn’t let it show at all. 
After having dinner with the children, Nora sent them back to their room to rest. 
The three little fellows were still very young. Coupled with the fact that she was around that night, they had all clamored to sleep with her. Thus, all of them lay down together on the bed. 
The heartless Cherry fell asleep very quickly. 
Pete looked at Xander worriedly. 
Nora patted his head. 
Pete was simply too sensitive. On top of that, he even knew to be mindful of other people’s emotions. He was so sensible that it made one’s heart ache. 
On the contrary, it was Xander the little devil who couldn’t fall asleep. It was only after Nora lit the calming incense she had developed that Pete and Xander finally fell asleep. 
She got up to check on Justin and see what he was doing 
But as soon as she moved, she heard Xander shouting in his sleep, “Mommy, save me! Rainbow, I don’t wanna die. Sniff…” 
“Rainbow, is it cold in the soil?” 
“Does it hurt when you die?” 
“Do you still feel anything after death?” 
Nora was frozen in place.
She had lit the calming incense, so despite Xander’s extreme unease, he didn’t wake up. However, his words pierced Nora’s heart like a dagger. 
As it turned out, Xander was feeling very insecure. 
He had been fearful all along, yet the boy had never said anything in front of them. 
It was true that he felt sorry for the animals and was sad to part with them. But who wouldn’t be afraid of death? 
This was especially when… Xander had an extremely high IQ. He understood the concept of life and death. 
Nora took a deep breath and walked out of the room. 
She didn’t go upstairs to look for Justin. 
On the way back to New York, she and Justin had agreed to find a suitable opportunity to get rid of the people tailing her. After that, they would go to the bank to retrieve the things there. 
But she couldn’t wait anymore. 
After Justin’s fight with Jude, he had become extremely cautious. This made the perceptive Nora realize that the people tailing them could not be ordinary. 
According to Caleb, the five children who survived back then had all become big bosses in different places. Trueman and Caleb were in Switzerland, but there were still three others who were following her in search of the V16! 
She didn’t know who they were, nor did she have any clue as to their identities at the moment.
But if she dragged this on any further, she was really afraid that she wouldn’t be able to save Xander anymore. 
It was just a safe deposit box, wasn’t it? 
She would just go and retrieve it! 
With that in mind, Nora left the Hunt Manor. She didn’t drive. Instead, she tried her best to avoid the people tailing her in the dark and turned into a small alley at the side. 
After doing this several times, she finally got rid of the people tailing her and arrived at the bank. 
The bank was closed and locked up at night. This was not an issue for Nora, though. 
She took out her cell phone casually and tapped away on it quickly. 
Click! 
The door to the bank opened and Nora slipped inside.
###Chapter 775
Chapter 775 A Stranger! 
It was pitch black inside the hall. 
Nora turned on her cell phone immediately after she entered. On the screen was the layout of the bank. 
Although her mother had deposited the things in the bank more than twenty years ago, the location of the safes was still the same despite the layout of the bank changing over the years. 
Thus, her mother’s things were still there. 
Nora remembered clearly that it was safe no. 06 and the password was her birthday. 
She walked soundlessly towards the safe deposit boxes. 
There was no staff inside, only security officers patrolling back and forth. However, it was very difficult for them to spot her. 
Nora was in full black clothing, so she completely blended with the darkness. 
Light-footed and nimble, she headed straight to the safe deposit boxes. But after she passed by two rooms, she suddenly heard footsteps behind her. 
Nora’s pupils shrank and she suddenly darted into the corner next to her. When she looked behind her, she caught a shadow flashing past. 
It seemed that it was very unsafe here tonight. 
And she wasn’t alone here! 
The thought made Nora bite her lip. Her first thought was that she hadn’t managed to avoid the people tailing her and had been followed!
Aside from professionals like Morris, the only ones who could follow her without her noticing were people more skilled than her in martial arts. 
Someone more skilled than her in martial arts?! Was it Jude’s boss? 
Could that person be one of the five children who had survived in the gene serum laboratory? 
It could only be one of them! 
Nora broke into a big frown. 
Her mind ran at high speed. What should she do? 
Since he had followed her here, he must already know by now that something was up with the bank. Even if she turned around and left, it would be difficult for her to dispel the other party’s suspicions. 
Even if he didn’t know that the safe in question was No. 06, now that he had locked on to the bank, all he needed to do was just check all the safes and he would find the clue. 
Therefore, she had no way out. 
Tonight, she, Nora Smith, must retrieve the V16 that her mother had left behind. Otherwise, it was highly likely that she would be caught by the other party! 
With that in mind, Nora took a deep breath. 
Then, she suddenly stopped and went on the offensive! 
She would test the black-clad man’s skills first. 
Bam!
The moment she launched her attack, the two got into a fight. The other party responded very quickly. Before her fist could connect, he was already blocking her attack and counterattacking. 
In just a single exchange of blows, Nora concluded that he was most definitely someone whose genes had been modified with the gene serum! 
Because his physical strength was too great! 
Nora had been practicing martial arts for a very long time. Since she was a child, she had been relying on her natural talent to come this far. On top of that, she even became the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister. 
This was the first person in her life to give her a foreboding pressure. 
Her almond-shaped eyes were widened big and round as she stared at the person in front of her. 
In the darkness, the man’s eyes shone green. He wore a baseball cap and a facial mask, revealing only his eyes. The way he stared at Nora was as if he had just spotted his prey. 
When he was blocking Nora’s attack, the man chuckled and said, “Is that all you’ve got?” 
He had an accent. It was obvious that he was a foreigner. 
In this instant, Nora felt a little angry at herself for not training properly. If she had been a little more diligent, then she might have had a chance if she went at her opponent with full force. 
She took a deep breath. “Who are you?” 
“You don’t need to know that. Just hand over the V16 obediently and I will spare your life.”
The man moved toward her one step at a time. “Resistance is futile. All my genes have been improved and I have no flaws. I am the most powerful fighter on earth now. Without any firearms, you won’t be a match for me at all.” 
The man spoke confidently and arrogantly. 
How could she use firearms here, though? If she did, all the security officers would come running in an instant! 
Nora was in a half-squat, ready to attack. 
She knew that she was not the man’s match, but she couldn’t just go down without a fight. 
The V16 was Xander’s, she would never relinquish it to anyone else! 
She took a deep breath and sneered, “Try me.” 
The man seemed a little surprised at her reaction. Nevertheless, he let out a low chuckle and said, “Trueman is right, you are indeed too stubborn. You hold out hope until you’re faced with the grim reality. In that case, I shall show you how strong I am!” 
The man stepped forward abruptly and closed the distance between him and Nora! 
Nora had just exchanged a punch with the man, so her fingers were still hurting. How would she possibly dare to still fight him head-on? 
Thus, the moment the man got near, Nora tucked and rolled. A scalpel suddenly appeared in her hand, going straight for the man’s throat! 
The scalpel was her weapon.
She had always been a tough woman who met challenges head-on. She didn’t believe that the man was really stronger than her! 
But the next moment… 
Clang! 
Not only did the man evade her attack, but he even struck her wrist. Nora had always had a lot of physical strength, but her hand was in severe pain at this moment as she lost all the strength in her hand instantly. 
The scalpel fell right onto the ground! 
She really couldn’t beat him! 
The thought flashed through Nora’s mind. By then, the man behind her had already come close again. When it looked like he was about to catch her, a contemptuous sneer flashed across Nora’s lips. At once, she turned back and brandished her hand! 
A blast of white smoke erupted in the air. 
It was a drug to knock one out! 
The man froze for a moment. 
However, Nora didn’t take the opportunity to attack. It wasn’t like she could beat him anyway. Also, her ive today was not to kill the opponent but to find the V16. 
So… If she couldn’t beat him, then she would just run. There was no problem with that whatsoever. 
She did a tuck-and-roll and slipped into the corridor next to her. Then, she raced forward.
She didn’t look back, but she could sense that the man was catching up to her. 
The gene serum had improved his body, so his physical abilities surpassed that of ordinary people. The drug just now only had minimal effect on him. There was no way it would subdue him. 
Therefore, Nora ran like the wind. The tables and chairs in the bank also hindered the man during the pursuit. 
The man got closer and closer to her. Just as he was about to catch her, Nora dodged and ran into the room where the safe deposit boxes were. 
Then, she locked the door! 
At once, the sound of someone trying to break the lock rang out at the door. However, Nora’s ive was precisely psychological warfare. 
She raced towards safe no. 06 to get her hands on the V16 before the man could rush in!
###Chapter 776
Chapter 776 The Moment of Farewell! 
Click! 
When Nora opened the safe, the sound of the door opening also rang out. 
She looked behind her abruptly and saw the man in black entering. His hand was on the light switch, and with a snap, the room became as bright as day. 
Nora’s eyes narrowed. 
For the first time in her life, Nora, who had been leading in every field no matter what it was since she was a child, felt a sense of powerlessness. 
The man was too strong. 
To be honest, she didn’t get that feeling even when she fought with Justin. While she was thinking, the man said again in broken English, “Give me that thing. I spare your life.” 
Nora didn’t move, keeping her hand in the same position ready to open the safe. She tried to stall for time. “You are only strong because you took the gene serum. Artificial strength like that won’t deter or intimidate anyone.” 
The man sneered, “Justin Hunt can say that but what makes you think you can too? Haven’t you also been injected with the gene serum?” 
Nora frowned. 
His words didn’t mislead her, nor did she feel like she was not as strong as she’d thought herself to be, but was instead very annoyed because of what he said. Nora knew very well that what her mother had
only injected into her a minuscule amount of IQ gene-improving serum. All her achievements to date were to her own credit! 
She wanted to say more, but the man had come right up to her in a flash and delivered a kick right to her face! 
His movements were ruthless, merciless, and icy-cold. 
Should the kick strike Nora, she would very likely die on the spot. 
She didn’t have time to look at the safe, she could only dodge. 
She’d only just dodged the attack when the man’s other leg came at her with another kick. The look in his eyes was icy and carried disgust for Nora. 
“I gave you a chance. Since you don’t cherish it, then forget it!” 
He swung his fist again. 
Nora dodged awkwardly and asked, “Do you have a grudge against me?” 
She was trying to guess his identity by talking to him. 
The man sneered. “Don’t bother guessing, you don’t know me. But I know your mother! If it wasn’t for her, I wouldn’t be in this state today!” 
Nora frowned. “Weren’t you only a few years old when my mother died?” 
“Heh, if she hadn’t developed the gene serum, would we have become tools for their experiments? I hate sanctimonious hypocrites like you! You say that we are wicked and that the world should lock us up but in reality? Was it our choice that we became like this?!”
The man was speaking more, but every word of his was cold and frosty. He stared at Nora and said, “So, you all deserve to die!” 
Almost as soon as he said that, he threw another punch! 
Nora retreated again, only to find that her back was already against the wall. As the man attacked her again and again and she took step after step backward, she had been forced into a dead end. 
Nora could only raise her arm to block his attack. 
… Even if she knew that the man was strong enough to break her arm! And crush it! 
She closed her eyes and listened to the man coming nearer and nearer to her. 
The moment the man was about to strike her, she suddenly opened her eyes. 
The best form of defense was the offense. 
How could Nora possibly sit around and do nothing?! 
Without even thinking about it, she put all her strength into her leg and kicked the man’s abdomen! 
The man had only two choices-either he pulled back his arm, thereby allowing her to dodge the bullet, or continued to attack and she fought him to the death, even if it meant that she would suffer an even more serious injury herself! 
Now that the lights were on, the security guards would discover the situation here in no time. If she stalled for enough time, someone would eventually come. As long as the V16 did not fall into the man’s hands, Justin would still have a chance of obtaining it for Xander. 
Nora narrowed her eyes, but little did she expect that the man would choose the second option without any hesitation.
Thud! 
Nora’s leg connected with his abdomen. 
In spite of that, the man didn’t stop and his fist went straight for Nora’s arm! 
Thud! 
Another thud rang out. 
However, the pain of having an arm broken didn’t come, which took Nora aback. When she regained her senses, she realized that someone’s leg had intercepted the black-clad man’s fist from the side. 
The blow made the man in black finally take a step back. 
Before Nora could see who her rescuer was, she was pulled back by her shoulders. A solid and strong figure then stood in front of her, blocking her from the man in black. 
Nora stared at the person in front of her. 
Even though he was dressed in black clothes, suitable for moving around in the dark, and a baseball cap, she still recognized at a glance that he was Justin! 
The man in black had put all his strength into the punch just now. Although Justin kicked at his fist, it stood to reason to he shouldn’t have been able to withstand the punch, yet it seemed like Justin’s leg was completely fine. 
Nora suddenly thought of how Justin was always forced into fleeing around the room whenever she fought with him.
Now that she thought about it again, though, the man had been going easy on her all this time! 
He was obviously stronger than her! 
Nora looked at the man in black again. Even though he had been kicked by her and had also exchanged a blow with Justin, the man merely took a few steps back as if he was completely fine. 
The man looked at the two of them and chuckled softly. “Hah, you overestimate yourselves.” 
Then, without saying anything else, he stepped forward without hesitation. Justin and Nora looked at each other. The two of them tacitly took a step forward and fought with the man. 
Despite fighting two-on-one, the man still seemed to be having an easy time. 
They mustn’t continue fighting with him like this. 
The thought had only just flashed past Nora’s mind when Justin grabbed her arm and pushed her to the safe. 
“Hurry!” 
Justin had only uttered a word but Nora immediately understood what he meant. At once, she reached towards the safe. 
The man was infuriated when he saw this. He bypassed Justin and attacked Nora. 
Nora didn’t care. With full assurance, she entrusted Justin with her safety and opened the safe! 
The man wanted to rush over, but Justin kept him occupied. 
However, the moment Nora opened the safe, her pupils shrank!
Because! 
Inside the safe was nothing but a bomb! 
The bomb was triggered the moment she opened the safe, and it instantly started to display a countdown of twenty seconds! 
Next to the bomb was a tiny box! 
Was this… the trap that her mother had left her? 
Had it been someone else who did not know the password, the bomb would probably have gone off the moment the door was pried open. Only when she used the password to open the door would she have time to escape. 
Her mother had really… considered every possibility. 
Even so, she probably never thought that her daughter would be trapped here, right? 
Without any hesitation, Nora picked up the tiny box, turned around, and shouted, “Run!” 
As soon as she shouted, the man in black rushed right up to her. He reached out to grab the box in her hand. 
Nora dodged and shouted, “If we stay any longer, we will all die here!” 
Despite that, the man stood right at the door and sneered, “You two can forget about leaving if you don’t give me that!” 
The countdown reached ten seconds!
The walls of the room with the safes were forged from steel to prevent people from breaking in and stealing things. There weren’t any windows but only a metal door. 
With the man standing guard at the door, it was impossible for the two of them to escape! 
At the critical moment, Justin suddenly snatched the metal box from Nora and threw it to the left of the door. He shouted, “Here, you can have it!” 
The man stepped aside without any hesitation to grab the box. 
Nora frowned. 
The timing was too tight, she didn’t have any time to swap the box’s contents at all. The metal box was still the one that she’d just taken out and the V16 might be in it. 
She didn’t dare to take any chances! 
Just as she was about to rush over to grab it back, Justin grabbed her arm and she was thrown out the door with great force. 
Thud! 
By the time Nora fell to the ground, Justin had already grabbed the metal box before the other man. He flung it out the door without any hesitation! 
And then… 
Before Nora could get back up, both the man in black and Justin raced madly towards the door. 
Justin looked at Nora. 
They were out of time.
The countdown turned from one to zero. 
Boom! 
The room exploded. 
Waves of heat spread swiftly from the metal safe to the door… 
All Nora could see was the heat waves hit Justin and the man in black from the back. The two of them were only one step away from the metal door! 
He wouldn’t be able to get out in time… 
Upon realizing this, Nora sprung off the floor and rushed straight to the metal door! 
With the door in between them, she and Justin looked at each other. 
Suddenly, the corners of Justin’s lips curled upward. At the last moment, he suddenly slammed the metal door shut! 
“Noooo!” 
Nora screamed!! 
Justin… He was still in there!!! 
He wasn’t out yet!! 
But the only thing that she heard was the click of the lock that came from beyond the big metal door, as well as the rumbling explosion inside…
###Chapter 777
Chapter 777 Whose Corpse Is That? Is Justin Dead Or Alive? 
A metal door separated the two worlds. 
Nora used all her might to kick and stomp at the door, but she simply couldn’t open it. She could only watch helplessly as the fire in the room got bigger and bigger. 
The explosion also finally attracted the security officers’ attention, who immediately called the firefighters. 
Nora stared at the door. 
Her countenance remained calm and collected the whole time. Even when people started rushing to the scene, she rationally slipped the metal box into her pocket. 
Soon, the fire was put out. The firemen finally pried open the door and rushed in. 
Everything inside had been blown up and burned to ashes. On the ground lay a charred, unrecognizable corpse with only the bones left. 
There was only one corpse… This filled Nora with hope. 
The man in black and Justin had both been inside, so how could there be only one corpse? 
Right away, she looked at Morris, who had come over upon hearing the news, and said, “Do a DNA check.” 
Morris didn’t have Justin’s DNA data. 
However, Nora did. In order to do a comparison with Xander’s DNA, she had even retrieved samples again. Thus, Lily had accurate data of his DNA. 
Morris nodded at her request.
Some people also came to investigate why they were in the bank late at night and even bombed it. 
However, Sean promised to compensate the bank for all their losses while Morris also said that Nora was the special department’s legal adviser, so it was perfectly normal for her to come over and conduct investigations. 
With that, news of the incident was suppressed 
Nora went straight to the special department together with the dead body. 
When she returned once more to the familiar place, all the people around her who had once wronged her felt so guilty that they didn’t dare to face her. 
When Brenda heard the news, she rushed over and looked at her in disbelief. “Nora, i-is that Justin?” 
“No, it isn’t.” 
Nora sounded certain, but she didn’t know whether she was saying that to Brenda or to herself. She said, “There’s only one corpse, it can’t be him…” 
Brenda also nodded when she heard this. She said, “That’s right, that’s definitely not Justin, Nora. Justin has always been mysterious, and he’s always so secretive about everything he does. Also, ever since he was abducted when he was five, he always brings more than twenty bodyguards with him. There’s no way anything would happen to someone who fears death as much as he does…” 
Despite saying that, her voice gradually became choked up. 
Even Brenda didn’t quite believe what she was saying 
If that wasn’t Justin, then where did he go? Didn’t he know that Nora and his children were waiting for him to come back?
Why hadn’t he shown up yet? 
But she couldn’t say that, much less did she dare to. In fact, she was just holding out a glimmer of hope that the body was not Justin’s! 
Upon hearing this, Morris glanced at Brenda. 
The woman, who had always been exquisitely dressed, looked a little like she was in a mess at the moment, which went to show how flustered she was due to her involvement with the matter. 
He took a deep breath and sent the bones to the lab. 
While waiting for the result, in order to relieve some of the pressure on Nora and Brenda, Morris asked, “Nora, you said just now that the two of you met a man in black when you two went to the bank to take something. In order to save you, Mr. Hunt locked himself in the room with the man in black, right? If so, then why was there only one dead body at the scene?” 
Nora looked at him. 
Morris explained to her cautiously, “This can only point to one thing—there must be other passages out of that room! I have already gotten my men to look into it. If other passages exist, then Mr. Hunt should be fine.” 
Nora nodded. “Yes, that’s exactly it.” 
Seeing that she looked somewhat flustered, Morris let out a soft sigh. Suddenly, he asked, “So, did you get what you wanted to take from the bank?” 
Did she get it? 
Nora raised her head slightly and stared at Morris. A while later, she shook her head lightly and replied, “It was taken away by the man in black. He was waiting at the bank precisely because he wanted to take
it from 
us…” 
Her voice became softer and softer toward the end. One could hear dejection in her voice. 
At this moment, Morris’ cell phone rang. 
After he answered, a touch of joy came over his expression. He looked at Nora and said, “They really found a tunnel in the room! So, Mr. Hunt really may have left from that tunnel!” 
However, Nora’s heart instead sank when she heard him. 
Sure enough, there really was a tunnel in the bank. In that case, who had dug the tunnel? 
While she was contemplating, chaotic footsteps suddenly came from the door of the lab. Herman’s furious roar then came over. 
“What’s going on? What exactly has happened to Justin?!” 
Before Nora could speak, Lauren said reproachfully, “Ms. Smith, why did the two of you go to the bank in the middle of the night instead of sleeping? Why was there an explosion? I heard that this only happened to Justin because he wanted to save you? Who exactly have you offended? Why did this happen?!” Herman’s eyes were all red. It was obvious that he was heartbroken and devastated over what had happened to Justin. He stared at Nora and demanded, “C’mon, talk! What’s going on?!” 
Nora clenched her jaw. 
She did not explain, but Sean, who was next to her, said, “It’s Mr. Hunt who invited Ms. Smith to the bank. He wanted to show her some of the things he’d prepared for their wedding, but he did not expect
to encounter a robber…” 
Sean also lowered his head. “Ms. Smith has nothing to do with any of it.” 
“She doesn’t? How can it have nothing to do with her?!” Lauren yelled furiously, “If it wasn’t for the wedding, would he have gone to the bank in the middle of the night? And end up giving the robbers a chance? In my opinion, Nora jinxes the Hunts! Ever since she appeared, the Hunts have been really unlucky!” 
Her words made Herman feel even worse. 
Nora’s eyes were still lowered and she did not speak. She was still re-enacting in her mind everything that had happened earlier. 
Everything had been such a blur that even now, she still hadn’t figured out what exactly had happened. 
The man in black had only appeared at the bank because he followed her there. In that case, how come Justin also showed up at the bank? On top of that, he even happened to be in the room where the safe- deposit boxes were? 
Had he done the same thing as her? Because he knew that it was dangerous, he didn’t want to drag Nora into it? 
While she was thinking, Herman sat on the bench next to her. 
Lauren supported Herman by the arm. “Herman, you must hang in there. Justin is no longer around. If something also happens to you, what are the Hunts going to do?” 
Upon hearing this, Herman immediately understood something. He straightened his back abruptly and said, “You’re right, I mustn’t collapse. Now that Justin is gone, I’m the only one who can handle the Hunts now…”
Lauren nodded. “A kingdom mustn’t go without a king for a day. Similarly, the Hunts mustn’t be missing a president either. Now that Justin’s fate is unknown, you have to bear responsibility for the family and the company!” 
They were clearly planning a coup d’état! 
The sight filled Sean with anger. 
It hadn’t even been determined whose charred corpse it was, yet those two were already starting to think about the family inheritance? They didn’t have a conscience at all! 
He looked at Nora angrily, only to see the woman say coldly, “Justin’s fate is not unknown. He’s definitely still alive!” 
“If he’s alive, then why didn’t he come back to look for us?” Lauren countered. “To be honest, we all know deep down that the corpse is most likely Justin! Nora Smith, it’s all your fault, so stop pretending like you’re that loyal and in love with him! Do you really think I don’t know what you’re thinking? You’re just concerned about your position as Mrs. Hunt and how Justin’s assets will be distributed, right? I’ll tell you this—your children are still young, so don’t even think about taking over the company! Herman is the most rightful successor to the company now!” 
Nora clenched her fists. 
She took a deep breath. Just as she was about to speak, the door to the lab suddenly opened and the doctor in charge of the DNA lab came out. 
Nora went toward him at once while Brenda and Lauren also rushed over anxiously. The group of them surrounded the doctor. 
Herman wanted to go forward, but he didn’t dare to. Instead, he stood behind the crowd in a daze.
Before Nora could say anything, an anxious Lauren asked, “Doctor, the charred corpse, who is it? Are the results out? Is it Justin?”
###Chapter 778
Chapter 778 This Feels Great! You’re Exactly The One I Want to Hit!! 
Everyone looked at the doctor in unison. 
Nora stood opposite the doctor. She stared at the doctor’s lips, only to see him say word by word, “… Based on the DNA samples provided by Ms. Smith, we have confirmed that the body is indeed Mr. Justin Hunt’s.” 
That one line of his caused the whole place to fall silent. 
Everyone looked at the doctor in disbelief. 
As for Nora, her expression was calm and her eyes cast down. It seemed like she was thinking about something… 
The entrance to the Hunts’ manor was jam-packed with people. 
A few cars approached. 
Nora was the first to get out of the car. Immediately, she saw Mrs. Hunt, who was at the entrance, take a step forward. Her hands shook as she asked, “Nora, where is Justin? The DNA result shows that the corpse isn’t Justin’s, right?” 
Nora was silent. 
Screech! 
Another car came to a halt. Herman, Lauren, and the others got out of the car. As soon as they did, Herman looked at Mrs. Hunt. His knees gave way and he fell onto the ground.
In tears, he cried out, “Mom!” 
His behavior made Mrs. Hunt suddenly realize something. Her eyes widened and she staggered backward. Her vision turned dark and she was about to faint. 
Fortunately, Fanny carried the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills with her at all times, so she hurriedly fed her a pill and stabilized her condition. As Mrs. Hunt gasped for breath, the perplexed old lady asked, “What on earth is going on?” 
Herman was heartbroken. 
Even if all he did were bad things when he was young, Justin was still his son and he had always been proud of him. Now that his son was dead… how could he possibly not be sad? 
Lauren took the opportunity to speak. “It’s all Nora’s fault! She wanted Justin to show her what he’d prepared for their wedding in the middle of the night, so he took her to the bank. But they ended up being targeted by crooks, who took the valuables and even killed Justin in an explosion!” 
Mrs. Hunt staggered backward again. She took a deep breath and looked at Nora. 
Nora did not explain. 
She couldn’t blow up the matter about the gene serum. Besides, she was also very flustered and her mind was in a mess at the moment, so she didn’t have anything she wanted to explain either. She merely stood where she was, her gaze in the direction of Justin’s villa. 
The three children were still there. She wondered how they were. 
While she was thinking about it, Lauren came forward, pointed at her, and rebuked her. “It’s obvious at a glance that you’re from the boonies. How dare you ask for money and gifts in the middle of the night?! Is money all you can see?! Nora, you’re the one who killed Justin!”
At once, the people around them started whispering to one another, and all of them pointed at and gestured to Nora. 
Seeing that Nora had become the target of public criticism, Lauren looked at Mrs. Hunt with satisfaction. She walked over, held her arm, and said, “Mom, I’m sorry, but Justin is already dead! The Hunt Corporation mustn’t be without a CEO, so in my opinion, why don’t we let Herman…” 
Before she could finish, Mrs. Hunt took a deep breath and looked straight at Fanny. She said, “Fetch my wooden walking stick!” 
Fanny looked at Mrs. Hunt hesitantly. 
Mrs. Hunt, however, stomped her foot angrily. “Go!” 
Fanny could only hurry into the house. A while later, she came back out with a walking stick. 
The walking stick was made of thick, solid wood, and it hurt a lot if used to hit someone 
Mrs. Hunt took a deep breath and took the walking stick from Fanny. 
The walking stick was very heavy. When she took it from Fanny, she paused for a while. 
Brenda, who had followed closely behind the others back to the manor, had already parked the car by then. At the sight, she raced towards them in a panic and shouted, “Grandma, what are you doing?! This isn’t Nora’s fault, you mustn’t hit her! If Justin was still here, he definitely won’t let you do that!!” 
Next to her, Lauren sneered, “Brenda, how can you be so insensible? If it wasn’t for her, Justin wouldn’t have died. Why are you still defending her? Do you have a conscience or not?” 
Brenda, however, put herself in between Mrs. Hunt and Nora. She said, “Grandma, wake up! This really has nothing to do with Nora! No one expected an accident like that. Besides, Nora must be the most heartbroken among us all right now!”
Mrs. Hunt didn’t listen to her. Instead, she said to the security guard next to her, “Pull her away.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Someone stepped forward and held Brenda back. Although she could get physical with them, she didn’t want to make a huge scene. 
She rolled up her sleeves and shouted to Nora, “Nora, hurry up and go! Don’t stay here stupidly to let her hit you!” 
However, Mrs. Hunt had already raised the walking stick! 
When Lauren saw this, her lips immediately curled into a smirk. 
Justin was dead, and to make matters worse, Mrs. Hunt was about to hit Nora. Those three little bastards had lost their shield. From now on, the Hunts would belong only to Herman. She would see who else was going to fight with her! 
She even looked at Nora and said, “Nora, Mom is already so old. If you still have even a bit of conscience in you, then just stay still and let her vent her anger. Otherwise, wouldn’t you be letting down Justin when he’s already dead” 
Nora stood where she was, showing no reaction to her words whatsoever. 
Just as Lauren was feeling smug, the raised walking stick suddenly struck her hard instead! 
Thwack! 
The severe, burning pain stunned Lauren and she couldn’t react for a while. She stared at Mrs. Hunt incredulously and shouted, “Mom, you’re hitting the wrong person! Nora is over there!”
Right after she spoke, Mrs. Hunt’s second blow landed on her fiercely. She said, “You’re the one I’m beating up! Something has happened to Justin, yet you are not sad at all! Your entire mind is on the Hunts’ assets! Why is Herman so blind that he would marry someone like you?!” 
Thwack! 
When the walking stick struck Lauren again, she finally started to dodge. However, the moment she moved, Brenda, who had been standing beside her utterly stunned, recovered. She said, “Grandma’s getting old, are you planning to go against her? If anything happens to her because you made her angry, then you’ll be a sinner!” Lauren: “!!” 
That bitch was using what she had said just now against her! 
Furious and panicked, Lauren could only look at Mrs. Hunt. “Mom, mom! Stop hitting me! Justin is already dead, you only have Herman now! He’s your only son left! Isn’t that 
right?” 
“Who says I only have one son? Raymond and Spencer are also my sons! As for the successor to the Hunts, aside from Justin, I still have Pete!” 
Mrs. Hunt shouted firmly and loudly. 
Her words shocked everyone present, and all of them looked at Mrs. Hunt in disbelief. 
What did Mrs. Hunt mean by that? 
Was she planning to support Pete, who was only five years old, as the head of the Hunts? 
Lauren bit her lip and shouted, “Mom, you’re too biased! Pete is only five! What can he even do?”
Mrs. Hunt, however, lowered her head and said in a low voice, “He is certainly still young, but there’s Nora! She is the young lady of the Smiths and also Pete’s mother. There is absolutely no problem with her temporarily taking over as CEO of the Hunt Corporation in Pete’s stead!” 
Lauren was even more stunned. “She? Does a woman like her even know how to do business?! You must be muddleheaded!” 
“Hah, this matter is settled! Now, we’ll see to Justin’s funeral matters!” 
Mrs. Hunt made the final decision. 
After all, she had been in the Hunts for many years. Even now, she still held a lot of prestige in the family. 
Seeing this, Brenda helped Nora towards the old lady. Then, she held Mrs. Hunt’s arm and said, “Grandma, you totally saw the big picture this time!” 
Mrs. Hunt glanced at her coldly and cast her eyes down. 
After that, the Hunts made arrangements for Justin’s wake. 
Nora returned to Justin’s villa. As soon as she entered, she saw the three children looking at her. 
Cherry and Pete’s identical faces showed similar anxiety. 
Xander tried his best to disguise his concern with indifference, but the way his eyes flicked towards the door from time to time betrayed him. 
The moment Nora entered, Cherry ran up to her. She raised her head and asked, “Mommy, is Daddy really dead?”. 
Faced with the three children and their three pairs of pure and innocent eyes, Nora found herself at a loss for words for a moment.
Suddenly, she felt a little angry. She lowered her head and replied calmly, “No, he just has something to do, so he went out for a while. He will be back in three months at the most.” 
Xander glanced outside the room. Then, he said, “You’re lying!” 
“No, she won’t!” Cherry said firmly, “Mommy never lies to me! Mommy said that we mustn’t run away from our difficulties, but face them head-on, so she will never lie. If she says that Daddy isn’t dead, then he’s definitely still alive!” 
After saying that, an assured Cherry turned on her game on the cell phone. 
Pete and Xander: “…” 
The two boys glanced at each other, and then looked at Nora in unison. 
Nora ruffled their hair and sighed. “Don’t worry. I’ll go upstairs and change first.” 
She had to attend the wake later, so she needed to change into formal clothes. She also needed to go upstairs to see what was in the metal box that Justin had “exchanged for with his life”. Was it the V16? Or just a clue to its whereabouts? 
Although the three children could sense something, they didn’t dare to say anything, so they just nodded. 
Nora went upstairs and gave Lily a call. “Are the test results of the bones out?” 
Lily spoke very calmly, and her voice sounded very reassuring. She replied, “Yes, it’s out, Boss. The results of the DNA comparison with Mr. Hunt’s are…”
###Chapter 779
Chapter 779 Redirecting their Troubles! 
Nora drew the curtains and sat on the sofa, her grip on the phone tightening a little. 
The events from the previous night resurfaced before her eyes. 
When Justin pushed her out, he’d whispered three words into her ear: “Nora, trust me.” 
From the moment the man in black showed up, all the way until she and Justin both appeared in the room where the safe-deposit boxes were, every single second had been too rushed. She and Justin hadn’t said a word to each other at all! 
At that moment, she could only put her trust in him, go with the flow, and get out of the room. 
After that, she saw the metal box flying out and hid it in her clothes, but when she looked back, Justin was already closing the metal door. 
The sound of the bomb going off in the room and the click of the lock on the metal door were like boulders that weighed down on her heart. 
He had told her to trust him… 
But when Morris and the others carried out the charred body, regardless, she had still been filled with disbelief and unable to rest assured at all. 
That was why she had impulsively gone to the lab together with the corpse. 
After that…
As there weren’t any records of Justin’s DNA in the database, Nora could only get Lily to send over the records of the samples she had taken in the past. 
When Lily sent them over, she had hinted to Nora that Sean had changed the DNA records on the way. 
At that moment, Nora had become a little relieved. 
But she was still worried. 
It wasn’t until she returned to the room, answered Lily’s phone call, and heard her say loud and clear, “The DNA comparison results show that it’s not Mr. Hunt,” that she finally became completely relieved! 
After hanging up the phone, Nora did not change her clothes right away. Instead, she took out the metal box from her clothes and put it on the coffee table. Then, she sat on the sofa and kept quiet for a very long time. 
What exactly was in the metal box no longer mattered to her. What mattered was… what on earth was Justin doing? Why did he fake his death? 
Also, why did he prepare a dead body? 
Was he the one who had put the bomb in the safe? 
What was his purpose in doing this? 
Nora couldn’t figure it out at all. 
Just as she was pondering over these questions, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She answered the call. Caleb’s voice came from the other end. 
“I heard that Mr. Hunt is…”
He paused slightly. Then, he asked, “You… are you okay?” 
“I’m fine.” 
Nora lowered her eyes, her voice calm and flat. 
Caleb breathed a sigh of relief. Just as he was about to say something, Nora heard someone snatch the phone from him. Trueman’s shrill voice then rang out. 
“You’re such a good-for-nothing! That barbarian snatched away the V16 from right under your nose? You’re so useless! No wonder even Justin Hunt died! He deserves 
it!” 
Nora’s grip on her cell phone tightened a little. 
Even if she knew that Justin was just faking his death, she still couldn’t help but get a little angry. 
But right after, Trueman sneered and said, “My little servant, why don’t we cooperate with each other?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Cooperate on what?” 
Trueman said, “Like me, Xander only has a little over two months left to live. Let’s cooperate. I will go to the barbarian and take back what your mother had left. If it is a clue, then you will solve it. Once you get the antidote, you are to give me a share of it! I guarantee that I won’t make any more trouble.” 
Nora balled up her fists tightly. “Why should I trust you?” 
Trueman let out a low laugh. “Do you have any option apart from trusting me when you can’t even beat that barbarian in a fight? What else do you have to be so arrogant about when even your husband is dead…? If you want to save Xander, you can only beg me for help!”
Nora hung up on him right away! 
She looked at the metal box in front of her again. She seemed to have somewhat understood Justin’s ive this time. 
The man in black alone was already so powerful that neither of them could beat him in a fight, yet he was only one of the five genetically-modified humans! 
If Trueman, Caleb, and the other two were added to the equation too, how would she possibly be a match for them? 
Nora had clearly sensed that she’d already thrown everyone off before she went to the bank. 
Yet she had still ended up being tailed by the man in black. That was why Justin had set up this whole thing-in other words, he was redirecting their troubles elsewhere! Indeed, even though she had claimed that the two of them only went to the bank in the middle of the night because Justin wanted to show her what he’d prepared for their wedding, Trueman and company all knew that they had gone to the bank for the V16. But now, the situation was that she and Justin had been in “terrible shape and big trouble” when they were facing the man in black, so they had lost to the man who then stole the V16 from them! 
News of this had already started spreading in private among the insiders. 
No one would suspect that the V16 was actually still with Nora-after all, the man in black had even “killed” Justin! If he hadn’t achieved his ive, would he have spared Nora’s life? 
Therefore, he must have taken the V16! 
With that, everyone who had been watching Nora would now watch the man in black instead!
Also, Nora might not know who the man in black was, but the other four among the five successfully genetically modified children did. 
This was Justin’s setup, as well as personal safety that he’d exchanged for with his life! 
One could say that his ploy was perfect and seamless… 
But where had the man gone? Why hadn’t he contacted her even now? 
Moreover! 
When the metal door closed and the blast of the explosion rang out in the room, did he really have time to retreat into the tunnel safe and intact? Also… the man in black was gone, so he must also have discovered the tunnel and escaped along with Justin. 
Could Justin beat the man in black? Definitely not… 
So, was Justin dead or alive? Was he seriously injured? Was that why he couldn’t get in touch with them? 
While Nora’s imagination was running wild, a knock came from the door. Brenda’s voice rang out. 
“Nora, I have prepared your outfit for the wake. When… you’re ready, come out and take 
it!” 
Since Justin was “dead”, they had set up a wake for him. 
A lot of friends and family would be coming to the wake to pay homage to Justin. As his fiancée… and the mother of their three children, by right, Nora should be there to attend to the guests. 
Nora did not move.
Outside, Brenda called out again. “Nora, can you open the door first? Grandma… has something to tell you.” 
Mrs. Hunt? 
Nora hurriedly hid the metal box again before she walked to the door and opened it. 
The door opened to reveal Brenda, who had already changed into a black formal dress, standing outside with Mrs. Hunt. 
Mrs. Hunt’s fingers shook as she glanced at Nora. She took a deep breath and said, “To be honest, deep down, I blame you for his death.” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Mrs. Hunt said, “Herman may be my son, but Justin is also my grandson! I watched him grow up! It was my wish ever since Justin was a child was for him to manage the company and I’m also the one who put in the most effort in him! Now that he’s gone, this old woman can’t live on anymore!” 
Mrs. Hunt pounded her chest as she spoke. 
When she saw her reaction, Nora suddenly understood why Justin had been in such a dilemma back then. 
He had continuously allowed Mrs. Hunt to dig her own grave, and then allowed Nora to slap the old lady in the face after that. In doing so, his ive was to let her suppress Mrs. Hunt and also to make Mrs. Hunt acknowledge her. 
Privately, Joel and Ian had actually complained about it before. They felt that Justin could have easily just sent Mrs. Hunt away with a few words, yet he’d made her suffer such grievances. 
But in this instant, Nora suddenly understood.
The elderly Mrs. Hunt might have made a lot of concessions for the Hunts, but her feelings for Justin were all real. 
At the very least, Mrs. Hunt was the most saddened by Justin’s “death” at the moment… 
When Nora was thinking, Mrs. Hunt spoke again. She said, “But… I can’t blame you for it! Pete is Justin’s son and also the heir to the family. As Pete’s mother, you must pull yourself together! Nora, I know that you grew up in the boonies, but you have impressive medical skills, so you should have been exposed to high-class events before. Today, you must keep up a presentable front for the family! As for later, I will help you to protect Pete’s Hunt Corporation and personally hand it over to him when he grows up…” 
After saying that, Mrs. Hunt looked at her again. She kept quiet for a long while before she finally said, “I declare a temporary… truce between the two of us.” 
After saying that, she turned and left. 
Seeing her staggering footsteps, Nora suddenly stood up straight. This was the first time she felt respect for the old lady from the bottom of her heart. 
Despite the multiple twists and turns that the family had faced, she was able to overcome the ordeals no matter what the circumstances. 
When her son left, she had supported her grandson to become the heir. 
Now that her grandson had left, she was going to support Pete. 
In that case, how could she break the old lady’s heart?
For some reason, Justin wasn’t contacting them. In that case, she would protect his home for him until he returned! 
With that in mind, Nora locked the door from the inside. 
She took out the metal box and opened it. 
She would take a look and see what on earth was this thing that everyone was fighting over!
###Chapter 780
Chapter 780 It Wasn’t Like She Was A Racer!! 
The breeze blew at the curtains, making them flutter. In the room, Nora’s face alternated between light and dark as the fluttering curtains cast shadows on her. 
She stared at the contents of the metal box in astonishment—there was only a memo, and written on it was Morse code again. However, she already had the key to Morse code’s uncommon encryption, so it took her only two minutes to decipher the code on the memo: “Staav University, Archives, No. 004” 
“Archives, No. 004”? 
What did that mean? 
Nora didn’t have time to look up anything. She tossed the metal box under the bed, tore the memo, went into the bathroom, and flushed it down the toilet. 
Thereafter, as Justin’s fiancée, Nora helped out at the wake while the three children played in the villa. 
Fatty even peeked at them from the door. When he found that the three of them were playing, he immediately shouted, “Why aren’t you guys crying when your father is dead?” Cherry was furious. “You’re the one whose father is dead! There’s no way Daddy would die!” 
Fatty scoffed, “Why not? They are holding a wake for your father right now! He’s dead! And he’s not gonna come back! The three of you are fatherless children from now on!” 
Right after he said that, Xander reached into his pocket and suddenly took out a slingshot. Then, he picked up a pebble, aimed it at Fatty, and fired! 
Thud!
The pebble struck Fatty’s mouth accurately, making his lip bleed. 
Fatty immediately burst into tears and ran away crying. “Boo, the three of them are teaming up and bullying me!” Cherry: “…” Xander: “…” 
Pete: “…” 
— 
Three days later, they buried the body in the cemetery. 
The dead were gone, and the living must look forward. 
At the wake, no one dared to make things difficult for Nora because Ian and Joel stayed with her the entire time, never leaving her side for even a moment. This also prevented Nora from having a chance to find out what No. 004 of Staav University’s archives was. 
It was not until three days later, after everyone finally dispersed, that she secretly logged on to the Internet and hacked into Staav University’s archives. 
It stood to reason that in this era of e-learning, all files should have been digitized so that it would be convenient for people to review later on. However, when Nora keyed in the search term “No. 004”, red error text appeared on the webpage: “There are no records of the file you are trying to access.” 
Nora frowned. 
When she was abroad, she had majored in medicine, so she was very familiar with some schools’ quirks. Oftentimes, schools didn’t upload information about the subjects they excelled at and other top-secret information into their electronic database. This was to prevent the information from becoming common knowledge.
Well, that made sense. Given how mysterious the V16 was, why would they digitize information about it and make it convenient for her, a hacker, to steal the formula any time she wanted? 
Nora rested her chin on her hand and heaved a silent sigh. It seemed that she would have to make a trip to Staav University. 
It was just that… How was she going to head there in an inconspicuous and low-key manner? 
If she went over so rashly, she would definitely attract the attention of the people tailing her. 
Although the man in black had taken a lot of people’s attention off her, she mustn’t be too willful in her actions. 
That night, Nora couldn’t sleep a wink as she mulled over how she could go to the Staav University in Switzerland without anyone noticing. 
At ten o’clock the next day, she was awakened by an unfamiliar number. When Nora answered the phone grumpily, a voice came from the other end. 
“Ms. Smith, there’s a routine board meeting today. You are the only one who hasn’t arrived yet. May I know how long more you’ll need before you arrive? Is there a traffic 
jam?” 
Nora: “!” 
What board meeting was this guy talking about? 
As she didn’t speak, the other party went on. “Ms. Smith? S-surely you didn’t forget, right? I told you about it yesterday at the… Since you’re taking over the Hunt Corporation, you’ll have to come over and
have a chat with the directors, no matter what.” 
Nora finally remembered now. Someone had indeed mentioned it. 
Before she could answer, Roger’s voice came from the other end of the call. 
“Is my sister-in-law still not here yet? Nora has always tended to sleep more, and she always sleeps until noon at home. Justin also indulges her quite a fair bit… You’ll have to get used to it, everyone.” 
As soon as he said that, some shareholders became unhappy. One of them said, “This is a board meeting! Does she not care about it? She’s too much! Will the Hunt Corporation really be alright if we get such a lazy person to be the CEO?” 
“Yeah, it’s too much that she’s still asleep even at this time!” 
Roger heaved another sigh. “… Calm down, everyone. She’s just a young girl after all, she’s not as rough and sturdy as us men. It’s okay even if she sleeps a little more than most.” 
Nora: “…” 
This hypocritical way of talking… She’d really just witnessed the male version of a bitch! 
It might seem like he was speaking up for her, but every word of his was sowing discord between her and the others! 
Nora took a deep breath and said, “I didn’t forget, I’m in a traffic jam!” 
“A traffic jam?” 
Roger chuckled. “Nora, you really know how to make excuses, don’t you? Since you say you’re in a jam, then that means you’re already on the way, right? How long will it take you to arrive?”
“I reckon the jam will last for half an hour.” 
“… So, half an hour later, are you going to say that the jam will continue for another half an hour, Nora? After all, this place is pretty far from the Hunts’ manor, so it’ll take at least an hour to get here! If that’s the case, then why don’t we disperse first and let you take your time? We can move the morning board meeting to the afternoon instead?” 
As soon as he said that, someone said, “I have a meeting with an important client in the afternoon! We already arranged for the meeting to be held today, how can you suddenly reschedule it?” 
“That’s right, it’s too irresponsible!” 
Before the other party could say anything, Nora said, “If I say I’ll take half an hour, then half an hour is how long I’ll take.” 
Roger was aggressive. “What if you’re still not here in half an hour?” 
“We’ll talk about that later. I’m driving, I’m hanging up.” 
After giving him a concise response, she got out of bed in a whoosh, quickly changed, brushed her teeth, and went downstairs. 
Brenda followed closely behind her, “Nora, my men just told me something! Roger has been spreading rumors in the company about how lazy you are! He even said that you must still be at home, so you won’t be able to reach even in an hour’s time… It’s too late even if you drive over now!” 
Nora got in the car and started it. “Who says it’s too late?” 
She sped off with a whoosh right after she spoke.
As Brenda stared at the dust blown into the air by the car, she heaved a silent sigh. 
Nora had really been too careless this time. 
How could she say that she would be at the company in half an hour? 
No matter what, it would take an hour for anyone to drive to the office from the manor! It wasn’t like she was a racer!
###Chapter 781
Chapter 781 She’s Here!!! How Embarrassing! 
Brenda was anxious but helpless. She could only tell her people on Facebook to support Nora more. 
At the same time. 
In the conference room of Hunt Corporation. 
The room was already in chaos. Everyone was discussing enthusiastically. 
Howard sighed. “Everyone, calm down. I just called home. Our family said that Sister-in-law has indeed just left. She can’t be here before an hour.” 
When he said this, everyone instantly became even more furious. “Then why was she lying just now? She said that she would be here in half an hour… Heh, when she arrives at the company, it’ll already be past 11. It’ll be lunchtime!” 
“How could she forget about the meeting? She’s too much!” 
“If she really likes to sleep, then she can just sleep at home. Why is she coming here to the company? Is she here to make trouble? Can she lead our Hunt Corporation forward with just her looks? I really doubt it now!” 
“Let’s go! Why are we waiting here?” 
These people were all very rich and had their own tempers. 
In the past, when Justin was around, he could still suppress them. But now, how could a group of old foxes tolerate a little one like Nora?
Everyone stood up and was about to leave when Hunts’ third uncle said, “Everyone agreed just now to wait for Miss Smith for another half an hour. There are only twenty minutes left. Why don’t we wait and try?” 
Then, he looked at Howard. “You said you called home, but why didn’t I receive any news? Don’t tell me you’re talking nonsense and slandering Nora!” 
As soon as he said this, Howard immediately cried out in grievance. “Uncle, you can’t say that about me! How could I possibly slander my own Sister-in-law? If you don’t believe me, give our family a call!” 
Brenda’s father, the third son of the Hunts, continued, “I won’t call. I won’t pry into the chairman’s whereabouts. This is very rude. I’ll only wait here. When the time comes, if she still hasn’t come, she’ll give us an explanation!” 
When Howard heard this, he instantly waved his hand and suppressed the crowd. “Alright, since Third Uncle has said so, then uncles, please give me face and stay! We’ll just quietly wait for Nora to come over!” 
Everyone was a little dissatisfied with Howard’s act. 
However, no one spoke much. 
After all, after the company had been through a few baptisms, the people left behind now were either middlemen, people who had never fought as a team, or Justin’s own people. 
Although Justin had passed away, the company had not collapsed! 
When Howard saw this situation, he blinked at the person behind him. That was his personal secretary. She did not work in Hunt Corporation, so she had not been cleaned up by Justin back then.
At this moment, the secretary said, “Everyone, we’re certain that Miss Smith has just left the house. She definitely won’t be able to reach on time. Since that’s the case, why don’t we discuss if Miss Smith is suitable and if she has the ability to be the chairman?” 
Everyone fell silent. 
Although everyone was very dissatisfied with Nora being late, they respected Justin very much. 
However, what the secretary said next made everyone waver. 
The secretary sighed. “We’re all doing this for the good of Hunt Corporation and President Hunt. Besides, Miss Smith is only acting as the temporary chairman. Her future position belongs to Peter Hunt! If Miss Smith is so reckless and can even be late for a meeting, then will you hand Hunt Corporation’s future to her?” 
Her words hit the nail on the head. 
In fact, when Justin suddenly passed away, everyone was a little flustered. Over the years, Justin had covered the sky with one hand in the company. 
Occasionally, when everyone had different opinions, they would earn money as long as they listened to Justin. 
It did not matter if they lost money. 
As long as they were sincere about the company, Justin would lose his own money to keep them profitable. 
He had this kind of magic power to make people submit to him sincerely!
But now, was Hunt Corporation really going to be managed by a woman who only knew how to sleep? 
Everyone began to think. 
Third Uncle frowned and scolded, “Is the board of directors’ meeting something a secretary like you can enter as you please? Besides, Justin has only been gone for a few days, and you’re already teaming up to bully his widow?!” 
His tone was very heavy as he spoke. 
Everyone’s faces heated up. 
At this moment, Howard stood out. “Uncle, the company is not a family business. All family businesses face destruction. This is what Justin said when he was still alive, so he never let anyone favor relatives! This is also why everyone admires him! But now, are you being biased and protecting Nora? Are you really not going to care about the company’s future?” 
Third Uncle sneered. “The future of Hunt Corporation lies with Pete… Peter Hunt! Over the past ten years, our rise has been too fast. Now is the time to calm down and fight steadily! In another fifteen years, when the company is handed to Peter Hunt, it will be a new beginning!” 
Howard sighed. “You want us to stay in the same spot for 15 years? Uncle, you can, but can the directors here do that? Business is like sailing against the current. If we don’t advance, we’ll retreat. Is a million dollars from ten years ago the same as a million dollars ten years later? It’s different! The property will depreciate! We can only maintain our current status by constantly improving. Uncle, I know you’re thinking for Justin, but I think, if he was still around, do you think he would hire an employee who’s casually late to lead us?!” Third Uncle mumbled, “Isn’t she just half an hour late?” 
“She can’t reach in half an hour. Besides, she’s lying! She clearly just left…”
Howard scolded her. He was about to say something when the door was suddenly pushed open. Nora strode in!
###Chapter 782
Chapter 782 King!!! 
The moment Nora walked in, the entire conference room fell silent. 
Howard rubbed his eyes in confusion as if he had seen wrongly. The smile on his face froze. 
The servant at home had just said that Nora came out of the house 20 minutes ago. How could she have arrived so quickly? Did she fly over? 
When he was stunned, Third Uncle said, “Nora, you’re here! I knew it. How could you have forgotten such an important meeting?! You must have left long ago!” 
With that, he said in a low voice, “However, Howard said that you just left the house. I wonder which servant told him that. This isn’t good. You’ve left an impression on us directors that you’re lazy!” 
Howard knew that he had lost this round. 
However, his expression did not change. The smile on his face returned to life as he said, “Yes, yes. I must have made a mistake there! Fortunately, you’ve arrived. Otherwise, these uncles would have waited for you for an hour! Nora, did you sleep till late this morning? Even if there was a traffic jam, you shouldn’t be half an hour late, right?” 
Although Nora arrived within half an hour, it could not change the fact that she was late. 
Nora narrowed her eyes slightly. She did not explain and walked straight to the host chair. After sitting down, she said calmly, “I’m sorry I’m late.” 
These short words inexplicably gave people a sense of security and calmness.
The other shareholders looked at her. At this moment, everyone suddenly had a little confidence in the company’s future. 
At least this woman could really control the situation. In such a tense atmosphere, she could handle the problem easily. It seemed like she had some skills. 
Howard’s heavy fists hit cotton and he instantly felt that it was meaningless. 
If he continued to talk about her being late, it would make him look very petty. Therefore, Howard smiled and said, “Nora, it’s okay. We’re family. Let’s start the meeting, okay?” 
This person was really petty. Nora complained in her heart and nodded. 
Then, the people below reported their respective projects to her so that she could understand the business quickly. 
Nora was multitasking. As she listened, she looked at her special assistant, Mr. Livingstone, who was standing beside her. This was a child from the distant family of Mrs. Hunt. He had already served Mrs. Hunt for more than five years and had always been in contact with her. 
This person was very good at managing the company. He had once been a professional manager and had a good reputation in the industry. This was also the person Mrs. Hunt had worked hard to invite to help Nora run Hunt Corporation! 
Logically speaking, he should have reminded Nora that she was coming to the meeting today. After all, as the special assistant, he was responsible for these small matters. 
Moreover, Nora had always been carefree. Lily was the one handling the medical matters. Even if Justin was here, he could not possibly remember his daily schedule. It was arranged by the special assistant!
Moreover, Mrs. Hunt had even instructed Mr. Livingstone repeatedly yesterday to get him to help her no matter what. He had to suppress the situation! 
But this Mr. Livingstone did not remind her? 
At the very least, he should have informed her that she should leave for the company at 9 o’clock! 
Nora thought about this and turned the pen in her hand. 
“…President Smith, what do you think we should do with this case? Should we continue or shelve it?” 
As she was thinking, the first person finished reporting and asked her about it. 
Nora was about to speak when Mr. Livingstone beside her suddenly said, “You should go ahead and do whatever President Hunt advised when he was still around.” 
Mr. Livingstone stood behind Nora, looking handsome as a special assistant. 
With his words, everyone understood. 
It seemed like Miss Smith was still just for show. Had she found a professional manager to act for her? 
However, that was fine too! 
As long as Hunt Corporation continued to develop well. 
Everyone thought about this. Next, they faced Nora one by one but actually began reporting to Mr. Livingstone. 
Justin had already arranged most of the projects well enough. They could continue according to his instructions and things he had left behind.
Mr. Livingstone opened his mouth to handle the matter and sized Nora up. 
This woman was his new partner. 
When Mrs. Hunt called him over to help, he had thought that he was going to be the manager of Hunt Corporation. He did not expect to be her special assistant! 
Mr. Livingstone was unwilling. 
He was a dignified economist and a doctoral student who had double degrees, but he now had to listen to a young girl around 25 years old? 
Therefore, he deliberately did not inform Nora to come for the meeting. 
His goal was to make Nora panic after she was late. Then, he would come and help suppress the situation. That way, in the future, Nora would definitely rely on him excessively 
By then, Nora, this President Smith, would be useless. He would still be the manager of Hunt Corporation! 
As Mr. Livingstone thought about this, Howard suddenly said, “Nora, I have some questions. I want to ask you about it.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What is it?” 
Howard said, “When Justin was around, he asked us to prepare some gold reserves. Therefore, when the price of gold increased a while ago, we bought some gold futures. However, Justin misjudged this time. After he got the company to buy it, the price of gold began to fall. Furthermore, it became worse and worse. Until now, the price has already dropped to two-thirds from when we bought it. Should we quickly dump the gold futures now? Otherwise, the loss will be even greater!”
Nora: “?” 
Gold futures? Isn’t that a type of investment bond? 
She frowned and before she could speak, Mr. Livingstone was about to speak again. “About that…” 
However, before he could finish, Howard suddenly said, “Mr. Livingstone, are you a special assistant or a professional manager? If you’re here to manage the company, why did you make Nora come here? If you’re just a special assistant, aren’t you saying too much today?” 
Mr. Livingstone instantly shut his mouth and looked at Nora at the same time. 
As a special assistant, it was wrong to interrupt casually. However, if Nora asked, then it would be reasonable for him to answer. 
Therefore, he was waiting for Nora to speak. He was also very confident that after Nora witnessed his recent actions, she would definitely open her mouth to beg him. 
Howard continued, “Nora?” 
Nora: “…” 
She rarely paid attention to gold futures. After all, she was not that obsessed with earning money. Who knew when the gold would rise? 
What was she going to say about this question? 
As she was thinking, a message was sent to the Imperial League group. [King: Gold will climb crazily in the next three days.
###Chapter 783
Chapter 783 King Was Watching Her! 
Imperial League could only be accessed through a special encrypted web page. If one didn’t log in, they wouldn’t be able to see the information inside. 
Nora was not interested in economics in the past, so she did not care much about this organization. However, ever since Old Maddy said last time that he wanted King to support her unconditionally, she had begun to pay attention to Imperial League. 
In order to not miss any important info, Nora had written a small program. As long as someone sent a message, she would receive a notification on her phone. 
That was why she had received such a message. 
Looking at that message, Nora suddenly raised her head and looked around. 
Her first reaction was that King was monitoring her. Otherwise, why would the message about the gold be sent directly to her? 
Wasn’t this too much of a coincidence? 
She had never believed that there were any coincidences in this world. 
However, she did not know anyone else in Hunt Corporation. So, what was going on? 
She frowned and was in a daze because she could not figure it out.
This behavior created an illusion for Howard, making him misunderstand that Nora did not know anything. He smiled and said, “Nora, I think you don’t know! That’s true. I know this is the decision Justin had made previously. You don’t want to overthrow it, but things have already turned out like this. It’s better for you to face it positively. Besides, this is a company, not a place for you to be emotional. Nora, I hope you can wake up. My suggestion is to throw away the gold in our hands. Otherwise, if the price of gold continues to fall, you might lose all your capital!” When Mr. Livingstone heard this, he pursed his lips. 
He could tell that among the board of directors, the others were still considered polite and friendly to Nora. However, they were not in so much danger. 
Only Howard was troublesome. 
However, this was actually a good thing for him. If the people on the board of directors were not like Howard, what was the meaning of his existence? 
Therefore, he had to make the atmosphere more tense and create some business conflicts. Only then could Mrs. Hunt and Nora trust him! 
Therefore, Mr. Livingstone shut his mouth. He did not speak and planned to act according to the situation. 
Howard made things difficult again. Nora finally came back to her senses from her thoughts. She decided not to think about it anymore. She looked at Mr. Livingstone and saw that his eyes were fixed somewhere else. He did not have the intention to speak at all. 
Logically speaking, he should have warned her. 
Nora understood something. She pursed her lips and raised her almond-shaped eyes to look at Howard. “There’s no need to throw it away. Futures always rise and fall. It’s normal.”
As soon as she finished speaking, Howard sneered. “Normal? The futures in the past never fell by more than a third! If we don’t sell them now, we’ll lose a lot of money! Nora, you don’t know about futures, right? You haven’t bought them before, either. Don’t you know what futures mean? Do you need me to explain it to you?” 
Every word was targeted at her. 
Nora laughed softly. “There’s no need to explain. Although I don’t really understand, let me ask you, when Justin was around, did he ever make a wrong decision?” 
Everyone shut their mouths. 
Justin was a business genius, and he did not lose money doing business. The company lost a few projects, but they were the ones who insisted on doing them, not Justin. Sometimes, Justin would give them face and let them do it, which was why they lost money. 
This resulted in losses and wins on the account. But actually, Justin was brilliant on his own and had never lost money! 
When Howard heard this, he was also stumped. However, his eyes darted around and he said with a smile, “Nora, Justin is a business genius. We don’t deny it. Over the years, the Hunts have indeed climbed a few steps under his lead. However, the futures have indeed changed a lot in the past few years. Furthermore, gold has started to fall rapidly these past few days. If Justin was still around, the losses would have stopped long ago… Sigh!” 
With that, he revealed a fake look of sadness. 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Yes, let’s leave it like this!”
With that, she did not give Howard time to speak again. She looked at the others and said, “It’s a project set by Justin. You don’t have to ask anymore what to do. It’s getting late. Everyone, leave your projects behind and go have lunch!” 
Actually, the board of directors meeting today was to let Nora meet everyone. 
There was no need to say everything. Moreover, with the words Nora said to Howard earlier, everyone thought of Justin’s glorious achievements and did not dare to speak anymore, so they all stood up. “Okay!” 
Everyone handed the project books they had sorted out to Nora and left one after another. A thick stack of information quickly appeared in front of Nora. 
After everyone left, Howard stood up with a smile. He had long been marginalized by Justin and was only responsible for buying some gold futures. 
Howard said, “Nora…” 
“In the company, please call me President Smith.” Nora interrupted him. “This is not a family business. We’re only business associates here, not family.” 
IIII 
He lowered his eyes. “Okay, President Smith. I advise you to take the gold futures seriously. You might not know how much Hunt Corporation has bought. It’s not a small investment worth a few hundred thousand dollars or a few millions… It’s tens of millions of dollars!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “I understand.” 
Seeing her calm demeanor, Howard did not know what to say and could only leave angrily.
After he left, Nora stood up, picked up the stack of documents, and walked out. 
Mr. Livingstone followed behind her. He wanted to say something, but Nora said directly, “You don’t have to come tomorrow.” 
She did not want such an assistant! 
And when it came to assistants… 
Where was Lawrence? 
Why did Lawrence disappear after Justin faked his death? 
For some reason, she suddenly had a bad feeling 
Sean was still in the company, but he had always been in charge of the outside world. Lawrence was in charge of Justin’s internal matters. Logically speaking, since he had faked his death, Justin would definitely let Lawrence come back. Had something happened to him? 
She thought of that explosion again. 
Nora was suddenly vexed. She simply hugged the stack of documents and returned home. 
After she left, Howard walked out of the room and sneered at her back. 
This time, Nora was definitely going to lose! 
This was because Justin had asked him to buy 15 million dollars worth of gold back then, but he had secretly changed it to 80 million! The other 65 million were for him alone. 
Justin had sharp eyes and had always been good at reading things.
However, Justin was no longer around. There was no evidence. It was up to him to decide if he had helped the company buy 15 million or 80 million! 
Therefore, two days ago, when the gold began to fall rapidly, he had transferred the 65 million dollars worth of gold that he had bought personally to the company. 
Fortunately, it would only be the company that made a loss. 
He had also made up for his loss from the company. 
If it fell again, it would drop by more than half. 
If that was the case, Nora could not afford to lose 40 to 50 million! 
This had nothing to do with him. He had suggested throwing it out at the meeting today. It was Nora who did not listen, so… he was waiting to see Nora make a fool of herself!!
###Chapter 784
Nora hurriedly drove back home. After getting out of the car hugging the company’s project books, she went straight to the study room. 
After placing the books on the table, she picked up her phone and looked around before calling Justin. 
This was the first time she had taken the initiative to look for him since the incident. 
However, when she dialed the number, the automated tone reminded her, “The number you have dialed is unreachable.” 
That made sense. The phone had been destroyed in the explosion. After all, Justin’s belongings had been found beside the corpse. 
Therefore, it was reasonable that she could not find him on the other end of the line. 
Nora could not help but start to think again. Where did Justin go? 
Just as her thoughts were running wild, the door was pushed open. Following that, the heads of the three little fellows appeared at the door. Cherry blinked her large eyes and said in a childish voice, “Mommy, are you thinking of Daddy?” 
“… I suppose,” replied Nora. 
When Pete heard this, he said, “Mommy, didn’t you say Daddy just has something to do? He’ll be back soon.” 
Nora held her chin. “But there is so much work. My head hurts too!” 
Xander immediately craned his neck to take a look and said, “Is there too much work? It would be good if someone helped you share the burden.”
Cherry immediately said, “Mommy, let Pete and Xander help you!” 
Xander took the opportunity to say, “Yes, let Pete help you!” 
Pete and Cherry looked at him at the same time, their identical faces filled with confusion. 
“Why Pete?” 
“Why me?” 
Xander scoffed. “Of course it’s because Hunt Corporation will be yours in the future. Don’t think I don’t understand. The tyrant won’t come back. Mommy is helping you work! So, you should be the one doing it!” 
Pete: “!!” 
However, Cherry was still nodding her head vigorously. “Xander, you’re right!” 
“…” 
Xander patted Pete’s shoulder. “Go on, don’t be afraid. It’s just like your Math Olympiad questions.” 
How could these business matters be the same as the Math Olympiad?! 
Were they as difficult as Math Olympiad?! 
Pete glanced at Xander in disdain before walking silently to Nora’s side. “Mommy, I’ll do it.” 
Nora: “!” 
She was already stunned by the three children’s conversation. 
What the heck was this?
Were they really only five years old? After their intelligence and genes were improved, they could be so spectacular?! 
Pete climbed into the chair. His small hand grabbed the first project and opened it to read. 
Nora could not help but ask, “Pete, do you… understand?” 
Pete nodded. “Yes. Actually, Daddy often let me see these in the past. It’s just that these are too dry and boring. I still like the Math Olympiad more.” 
“…” 
Nora remembered. She had once asked Justin what Pete was good at. Justin’s original words were: “He’s a business genius!” 
Now, she finally understood what this meant! 
She grimaced and decided to stand up and give him her desk. 
Pete counted the projects. “Mommy, you guys should go and rest first. It will probably take six to seven hours to finish reading these.” 
Faced with such an impressive and crazy son, Nora felt that she should get used to it. 
She sat on the sofa beside him. 
Cherry and Xander sat obediently beside her. 
This was the scene Mrs. Hunt saw when she entered. 
Her little great-grandson was reading some documents.
The woman sat on the sofa and emptied her mind to Cherry and Xander. The scene was simply tragic. 
Mrs. Hunt’s expression changed as she asked, “Why did you fire Mr. Livingstone?” 
Nora replied, “Did he complain to you?” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “Mr. Livingstone is the best manager in New York. You don’t know anything about business. If you fire Mr. Livingstone, what will you do next?” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Don’t worry. The company is fine.” 
“Are you okay? Why do I hear that Howard is fighting with you? Howard is now spreading the news that you won’t let him throw away the gold futures. He even said that he’ll lose 50 million dollars to the company as soon as he takes over! Although Hunt Corporation doesn’t care about 50 million, if word gets out that you’re acting like this a day after taking over, they’ll only say that you’re incapable!” 
Ever since Mrs. Hunt temporarily reconciled with her, Nora knew that she was really doing this for the Hunts. 
After Justin’s funeral, this old woman had visibly lost some weight. 
Since she was so sad, Nora could not bear to let her continue to be on tenterhooks for her. She said, “Don’t worry. I have information from a reliable channel here. Gold prices will rise.” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned, not trusting her. “What channel?” 
King’s existence could not be revealed to the outside world. 
Therefore, Nora could only say, “A friend.” 
“A friend?”
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “It’s not that I don’t trust you. It’s just that if you had such channels, you would have made a killing long ago, right?” 
Nora: “…” 
She only cared about sleeping and did not take the opportunity to earn money. 
The corners of her mouth twitched. Just as she was about to speak, Mrs. Hunt said again, “Is your friend really reliable? Don’t be fooled. They have a lot of traders in this industry. They invested 80 million this time, it’s not a small sum!” 
Nora said calmly, “Don’t worry. He’s reliable.” 
Mrs. Hunt still did not believe her. 
Mr. Livingstone, who was following behind Mrs. Hunt, said, “Miss Smith, I know you want to establish your power, so you’re anxious, but I have a lot of information here. The gold market has been too turbulent recently. It’s indeed not good. Fighting Howard with the gold market like this is like playing with a knife in a sea of fire. It’s too dangerous! I suggest you listen to Howard and dump your investment. Even if the gold prices really increase later, it’s still Howard’s fault! Why do you do this?” 
When Nora heard this, she looked at him. “Your information is not very reliable.” 
Mr. Livingstone was instantly furious. “Impossible! Miss Smith, you’ve always been studying in the medical world, so you might not understand the relationship between us businessmen. It’s all built on interests. There are only interests between us. In order to obtain this information, I have paid a big sum! How much did you pay? Or how much did you give?” 
Nora: “” 
From her expression, she knew that Nora did not give anything.
Mr. Livingstone sneered. “Why don’t we make a bet?! If you lose, then you have to listen to me from now on! If you win, I’ll resign!” 
n nov
###Chapter 785
Since Mr. Livingstone had said such harsh words, Mrs. Hunt instantly trusted his judgment more. She stood out and said, “Alright, listen to Mr. Livingstone on this matter. Nora, I know you also want to help the Hunts and even more so help Pete protect the Hunts, but you have to keep your eyes open and not let others find any loopholes. It’s best not to trust your so-called friend so easily.” 
Mrs. Hunt said to Mr. Livingstone, “Don’t lower yourself to her level. Saying that you want to resign is just an angry remark. Don’t worry, Nora has neglected you this time. I’ll pay you double.” 
When Mr. Livingstone heard this, he nodded. “Alright! Then now, Miss Smith, follow Howard’s thoughts and throw out the gold investment. That’s the best choice!” 
Nora listened to their conversation and smiled. She knew that Mrs. Hunt had always looked down on her. 
Even though she had slapped her face frequently, Mrs. Hunt still felt that Nora had grown up in the countryside and did not know anything 
Therefore, as a result, she also looked down on her “friend.” 
Nora lowered her head. 
After a moment, she looked up with a stern gaze. “No.” 
She only said one word, but it showed her displeasure very clearly! Mr. Livingstone frowned tightly. He was so angry that his fingers were trembling as he pointed at Nora. 
He had really spent a lot of money to get some information about the global gold price from Wall Street. This was also the capital he planned to use to control Nora this time. 
But why was this woman so stubborn?!
He flung his sleeves in anger. “Miss Smith, if you don’t throw it away, then wait to lose! Besides, Roger happened to catch your pigtail. Your future doesn’t look bright!” 
Mrs. Hunt was also anxious. She hit the ground with her walking stick and said, “Nora! I trust you because you’re Pete’s biological mother, but don’t be overconfident! I know that you have good medical skills and might have some powerful connections, but you’re not a businessman. You don’t know the twists and turns here at all! I think that so-called friend of yours is also a bad friend! You can’t trust him completely!” 
Bad friend? 
Nora sneered and sat on the sofa behind her. Then, she said, “Mrs. Hunt, I respect you as Justin’s grandmother, so I’m still being polite to you. But actually, I haven’t gotten married to Justin yet. Legally, I have nothing to do with him. I advise you to be more polite!” 
Mrs. Hunt was furious. “Polite? If I didn’t support you, how could you be in this position? You’re simply killing the donkey after it’s outlived its usefulness!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “Say whatever you want, but I’m the one in charge of the company now! So, stop talking nonsense. I won’t throw away this gold! Alright, I’m going to sleep with the three children. Please!” 
“Sleep?” 
Mrs. Hunt was even more surprised and anxious. She looked at Nora in disbelief. “It has already come to this, but you still want to sleep? How can you sleep? Don’t you care about the Hunts at all?” 
Nora could not be bothered to speak anymore. 
It was indeed difficult to change opinions. After all, prejudice was difficult to correct.
With this in mind, she stood up and walked to the door to open it. “Please.” 
They were both from wealthy and respectable families. If Nora was so rude, Mr. Livingstone would definitely lose face. He said angrily, “Okay, okay! Miss Smith, don’t blame me for not warning you when you have to compensate me! Don’t cry and beg me to come back! I’m not returning!” 
With that, he turned and left. 
Mrs. Hunt hurriedly followed behind Mr. Livingstone. “Mr. Livingstone? Mr. Livingstone?” 
After the two of them left, Nora closed the door with a bang. Only then did she sigh silently. 
It was finally quiet. 
She walked straight to the bed and climbed up. She closed her eyes and fell asleep. 
In the courtyard. 
In the end, Mrs. Hunt caught up to Mr. Livingstone, who had no intention of leaving. 
They were all managers, but who could be the manager of such a big company like the Hunts? This was almost every manager’s dream! 
He made such a fuss with Nora just to stay! 
Mr. Livingstone deliberately slowed down. Sure enough, he waited until Mrs. Hunt caught up. “Don’t go. Nora is young and insensible. Don’t take her words to heart!” 
Mr. Livingstone pretended to be proud. “Mrs. Hunt, it’s not that I don’t want to help. With your order, I resigned from my current job and ran here. But as you can see, I’m really unfortunate to have such an
arrogant boss! I really can’t be the special assistant of the Hunt Corporation!” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “Mr. Livingstone, look. Why don’t I give you five times your salary?” 
Mr. Livingstone shook his head. “It’s not about the salary. It’s just that if Miss Smith keeps going against me and doesn’t listen to me, even if I can create a plan to raise the Hunts to the heavens, she won’t follow it. Sigh!” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “She’s young and has never held such an important position. There are so many people at home who are eying her covetously…” 
After Mrs. Hunt said this, she thought of Hunt Corporation and Justin. Her chest started to hurt. 
Her eyes were red. “Don’t fuss about it with her. How about this? I don’t think there’s anything else we can do about the gold. Let her suffer this! At the same time, I’ll let her know how powerful you are. She’ll be obedient in the future!” 
Mr. Livingstone frowned. “But if she doesn’t listen to me this time, she’ll have to bear the consequences. At that time, her prestige in the company will drop. How can I help her then?” 
Mrs. Hunt lowered her head. “Don’t worry. I’ll make up for the 50 million loss!” 
This sentence made Mr. Livingstone’s eyes widen as he said in disbelief, “What?” 
“I’ll make it up.” Mrs. Hunt said firmly, “I have 300 million in cash. If the company pursues the matter, I’ll make it up to them. Justin is the one who bought the gold, it has nothing to do with her. Please don’t lower yourself to her level, Mr. Livingstone.” 
When Mr. Livingstone heard that 50 million dollars could be taken out by Mrs. Hunt easily, he was even more tempted.
He compromised. “Alright, Miss Smith is really lucky. You’re so good to her, sigh!” 
After Mr. Livingstone left, Mrs. Hunt stood there and sighed silently. 
Fanny stood behind her and said, “Mrs. Hunt…” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “In the past, I listened to the old man and placed Justin as the leader. However, after Justin left, I realized that humans still have feelings for each other… The only thing I can do for him is to protect the woman and children he loves the most…”
###Chapter 786
When Fanny heard what she said, her eyes reddened and tears almost fell from her eyes. 
She looked at Mrs. Hunt. “Ma’am…” 
A faltering Mrs. Hunt continued walking to her residence. She said, “Humans are never content with what they have. When he was around, I not only wanted him to make concessions for the sake of the company but even wanted him to enter a political marriage. He expanded the company step by step into what it is today all because he loved his grandma, but you know what? Justin’s dream wasn’t to become a bossy CEO because he is a romantic at heart. I’m the one who shackled him here with my love for him… During the last two days, I have thought a lot and realized that many things I did were wrong. If I could do it all over again, I’d want him to just be alive and happy… What’s the use of expanding the company into such a big and powerful one when he isn’t even here anymore?” 
With a sigh, she left Justin’s villa and slowly walked to her own. 
After she entered the villa, she felt rather panicked and short of breath. 
Fanny brought her the Zabe Corporation’s Calming Pills. After taking one, she stared at the pills. At last, she sighed and said, “Never mind, I’ll just pay back what I owe Justin to that woman instead!” 
After saying that and taking the medicine, the discomfort in Mrs. Hunt’s chest was alleviated and she felt a lot better. Only then did she lie down and go to sleep. 
The next day, Mrs. Hunt woke up with a start. 
After she opened her eyes, she looked at Fanny and asked, “What time is it?”. 
Fanny looked at the time. “It’s only seven o’clock.” 
“What time does the stock market open?”
“Nine o’clock.” 
Mrs. Hunt breathed a sigh of relief. She got out of bed and slowly started to wash up. Just like that, she slowly passed the time until it was nine o’clock. At nine o’clock, she looked at Fanny, only to see her expression changing greatly when she picked up the phone and took a glance at it. 
Mrs. Hunt’s heart sank at once. Sure enough, the next moment, Fanny said, “The gold price yesterday was $45 per gram, but it has dropped to $32 per gram…” 
Mrs. Hunt broke into a huge frown. 
Justin had acquired the gold at nearly $63 per gram. With this, it had become a 50% loss for them! 
In other words, it was a loss of nearly 40 million dollars! 
Mrs. Hunt felt as if her heart was being tightly squeezed. Her cell phone rang at this time. When she answered, Mr. Livingstone’s voice reached her. 
“Mrs. Hunt, have you seen the gold price? My friend didn’t lie to me! It’s the end of the line for gold futures, we’ve already suffered a loss of 40 million dollars! If this continues, we will really incur a loss of 50 million dollars!” 
Mrs. Hunt took a deep breath and looked at Fanny. “What is Nora doing right now?” 
Fanny replied weakly, “I just called Mr. Hunt’s villa. The butler said… he said… that Ms. Smith is still asleep, and that she has forbidden them from waking her up unless it’s a matter of life and death.” 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
She felt like her heart condition had gotten even worse. She took a deep breath, yet she felt as if she could neither expel that breath of air nor force it back down. It was stuck in her chest, making it feel terribly stuffy and uncomfortable.
After hanging up Mr. Livingstone’s phone call, Mrs. Hunt got onto her feet with Fanny’s help. She said, “Come on! Let’s go and wake her up!” 
“To sell the gold?” Fanny asked. 
“No, we’re not selling it anymore.” Mrs. Hunt said firmly, “We’ll lose 40 million dollars if we sell it now. Even if we wait a while longer, the most we will lose is just 50 million dollars. After all, it’s not like gold prices will ever fall to zero. There’s no real difference between 40 million and 50 million dollars anyway, so let’s not make her slap herself in the face.” 
Fanny held the old lady’s arm and looked at her faltering appearance. “Then you’re going over because…?” 
“I’m going to wake her up!” 
Mrs. Hunt tapped her walking stick against the floor. “Even if she’s just all form and no function, she still has to behave the way she should be behaving! Which family’s matriarch sleeps in every day? Besides, how can anyone even sleep for twelve hours a day?! Her health will eventually suffer if she stays in bed like that every day!” 
Fanny nodded. 
To be honest, she’d wanted to bring this up a long time ago-she had never seen anyone as lazy as Nora! She could sleep for more than twelve hours a day? She must be hiding in her room and secretly playing with her cell phone instead, right?! 
The pair arrived at Justin’s villa. 
Mrs. Hunt walked up to the door and knocked.
Nora was extremely grouchy after being awakened, but when she saw that it was Mrs. Hunt, she didn’t say anything. 
Mrs. Hunt stood where she was and reprimand her with gusto. “Can you open your eyes? It’s already nine, yet you’re still asleep?! Do you know that gold prices have reached another new low?!” 
Nora yawned. “… Oh.” 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
She felt like she was about to suffer a heart attack! 
Just how unconcerned about the matter was she?! 
Mrs. Hunt took a deep breath. Only then did she speak again. “Nora, I’m really not trying to scold you, but can you stop being so lazy? I have never seen a woman as lazy as you! From now on, you will get up at eight… no, you must get up at six every morning and exercise!” 
Nora: “?” 
Exercise? 
Just as she found herself somewhat puzzled, Mrs. Hunt said, “No matter what, you must make sure you stay alive for a while longer! I don’t have that many years left to keep Pete company, so you’ll have to keep him company for a few more years!” 
Nora: “…” 
She wanted to say that she would be able to live a few more years if she gave her a few more hours of sleep. 
If she slept only eight hours a day, she would totally die right in front of her!
But when she saw how Mrs. Hunt’s chest was heaving up and down intensely, she slowly swallowed the words back down. 
She must have been pretty furious with her the day before. 
The old lady sure was a pain. 
Nora heaved a silent sigh and very reluctantly replied, “Okay, I suppose.” 
If she wanted her to get up at 6 AM, then she would just go to sleep at 6 PM. 
Just as the thought flashed by her mind, a check appeared in front of her. 
Nora looked at Mrs. Hunt in confusion. “This 
is?” 
“It’s a check for 50 million dollars. If you don’t want to sell the gold, then don’t. If the directors make things difficult for you at the meeting, then just make up for the loss with this money.” 
After she spoke, Mrs. Hunt turned and walked off. “Did I owe you something in my last life or what?! Why do I have to pay for your mistake? I really don’t know what kind of sheer dumb luck you have to be able to date Justin and even have three children with him…” 
Upon hearing her babbling, Nora lowered her head. 
Suddenly, her lips curled into a smile. 
The old lady was actually pretty cute. 
She looked down at the check in her hand. Originally, she wanted to go after Mrs. Hunt and return it to her, but after a moment’s thought, she decided against it, lest the old lady not only got angry with her but
also distrusted her. 
In any case, gold prices would be rising in another two days. She would just show her the truth then. Surely that would do, right? 
While she was thinking about it, the butler came to report something to her. He said, “Ms. Smith, Mrs. Smith called just now to ask if you are awake.” 
Mrs. Smith…? 
Nora took a while to realize that he was referring to Tanya, Joel’s wife. 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” Half an hour later, Tanya came with a check, which she handed to her. She said, “Joel told me to pass this to you. He also said, ’80 million dollars? What’s the big deal? I’ll even take care of the capital and let Nora throw the money onto the table at the board meeting! The Smiths are in no way short of money!” Nora: “!”
###Chapter 787
Nora was a little surprised. 
Mrs. Hunt gave her money only because she had never believed in her “friends”, but wasn’t Joel in the Imperial League? Didn’t he see what King said in the group? 
King had already said in the group that gold prices would rise in the future. He should have become aware of it after seeing the message, so why was he still giving her money? 
Suddenly, Nora thought of something and she looked straight at Tanya. She asked, “I see. What about Dad?” 
Tanya replied, “Dad has been paying a lot of attention recently to what is happening to you but he didn’t offer to give you any money this time. When I bumped into him while I was on my way here today, he didn’t mention anything about it, either. I reckon it probably didn’t occur to him? Is the money not enough? I still have some, and so does Joel. How much more do you need?” 
Now that Joel was Ian’s son, Tanya had also become his daughter-in-law. 
Therefore, she also addressed Ian as Dad now. 
Upon hearing what Tanya said, Nora suddenly understood. 
As it turned out, Ian was still using that 
count? Didn’t he already give it to Joel? Why did he take it back? Honestly… 
With that in mind, Nora cast her eyes down and slowly asked, “How is Joel doing lately?” 
At her question, Tanya glanced at Nora. A moment later, she finally sighed and said, “Actually, there’s something I don’t know whether I should say or not.”
Nora replied, “Is there still anything the two of us shouldn’t be saying to each other?” 
The two were already close friends when they were still in Switzerland. 
Now that Tanya was with Joel, she was leading a blissful and happy life. Coupled with how much of a cutie Mia was, even her firecracker-like temper had significantly changed for the better. 
She had always been a straightforward woman, though, so she simply decided to come straight out and say it. She said, “To be honest, Joel’s relationship with Dad did become a little delicate after your return. Dad had given all of his shares of the company to Joel, but now that you’re back, Joel often says that everything that the Smiths own should have been yours.” 
Just as Nora was about to speak, Tanya sighed and went on. “But Dad said that you are lazy and don’t like taking care of such things, so he wants Joel to continue taking care of the company. You should also know that the management of a family business requires absolute control in company shares, so this led to Dad having to give him 51% of the shares. Dad only had 70% of the shares, so he can only give you 19% now. Because of this, Joel keeps saying that you’re at too much of a disadvantage, so he has decided that for as long as he’s alive, he will give you half of all the dividends he receives.” 
Nora: “!” 
He really didn’t have to. 
She was fine as long as she had enough to spend. What would she need that much money for? 
She refused her right away. “No, it’s fine. I will set up my bank account to reject the funds.” 
Nora’s way of doing things had always been direct and decisive. 
Tanya covered her mouth and laughed. Compared to before, she had really become much gentler. At the sight, Nora couldn’t help but remark, “Just laugh if you want to. What are you covering your mouth for?”
Tanya rolled her eyes. Then, she said emotionally, “Nora, do you know? I have always thought that people’s relationships with one another are predestined and everyone we meet will surely impart to us a little knowledge. In Mia’s case, she taught me how to be gentle. How would I possibly dare to be loud when I speak to her? Before I knew it, even the way I laugh became a lot gentler!” 
Nora agreed with her, though. 
Since she was a child, she had always been lazy and had never thought about having children at all. Who would have known that she would become pregnant all of a sudden and even give birth to three at one go… 
No matter how lazy and unwilling to communicate with others she was, with Cherry the little chatterbox sucking up to her all day long, before she knew it, even she had started to talk more. 
She felt that she had talked more to Cherry than she ever did during the first twenty years of her life. 
While she was thinking, Tanya got back to business. She said, “I knew you wouldn’t want it, so Joel said that he has thought of a way to make it up to you!” 
A way to make it up to her? 
“What is it?” Nora asked. 
Tanya pursed her lips and replied, “That’s something top-secret among the Smiths, so how would I know? In any case, he told me not to worry.” 
“…Oh.” 
She handed the check back to Tanya. “When you’re back, tell Joel that gold prices will rise in two days. If he’s interested, he can also buy 
some.”
Tanya didn’t really understand, but she was a messenger between the two, so she took back the check and said, “Okay, I’ll tell him.” 
Then, she got up and left. 
It wasn’t until she stepped out of the Hunts’ manor that Tanya suddenly realized something. 
Because of what had happened to Justin, her heart had been very heavy when she came. She wanted to keep Nora company as much as she could, yet she also had to restrain herself and make sure that she didn’t bring up Justin, lest it saddened Nora. 
But as she chatted with Nora, upon seeing that she was in such a good state of mind and completely didn’t look like she had just lost her beloved, she forgot all about the matter. 
It wasn’t until she left that she finally remembered. 
However… 
Wasn’t Nora in a little too good of a condition? 
As she thought so, she shook her head slightly, suppressed her doubts, and went back to the Smiths. 
– 
After seeing Tanya off, without having any time to wonder what Joel was referring to that was more important than company shares, Nora went straight to the Hunt Corporation. 
Now that she was the CEO of the Hunt Corporation, she couldn’t stay at home and sleep in every day anymore.
In addition, she had to take care of all the company matters and get everything on the right track as soon as possible. Only then would she be able to leave and look for the V16! 
When Nora arrived at the company in the car, the surrounding employees all looked at her and started pointing and gesturing at her. 
The moment she arrived at her office, Roger invited himself in. At the sight of Nora, he sighed silently and said, “Nora, didn’t I already tell you to sell the gold futures? Yet you simply refuse to listen! Well, look at how we’ve made even more losses now!” 
Nora lowered her head. “Mmhmm.” 
Roger hadn’t closed the door when he entered, deliberately letting the people in the secretarial department outside hear what he was about to say. 
“Nora, I know you are rich, and I also know that Grandma gave you 50 million dollars. But it’s the company that’s losing money here! You have enough money to support your willfulness, but what about the company’s shareholders? And these employees in the company too. What are they supposed to do?” 
Nora frowned and replied, “I will bear all the losses. I will also give the shareholders and employees an explanation, you don’t have to worry about it.” 
Before he came, Roger had already guessed as much that she would say that, so he immediately acted like he was painstakingly trying to persuade and talk sense into her. 
“Nora, I know you are rich. Even if you use up all of Grandma’s 50 million dollars as compensation, you still can get money from the Smiths. At the worst, you can even compensate for the losses with Justin’s money, but don’t you know that you are just eating into your savings by doing that? You will empty your savings one day! Besides, with the way you’re behaving, how are you going to give the people in the
Hunt Corporation any hope? Do you know that everyone in the company has been feeling jittery and uneasy since Justin’s accident? In fact, there are even rumors going about outside that the Hunt Corporation is about to lose its position as the number one company in America!” 
Nora: “?” 
Roger continued. “Over the years, the Hunts and the Smiths have been vying for the top spot in America. From the start, the two companies’ profits have been more or less the same. If you make losses in a few projects, it may lead to a change in our position. Do you really want to see that happen?!” 
Everyone said that the Smiths and the Hunts were competing and fighting with each other, but from Nora’s perspective, the two companies had always been doing business in a mutually beneficial manner. It was fine as long as both made money, why bother caring about who earned more? 
Whether it was Joel, Justin, or even Ian, they had never thought about competing for top spot and whatnot. On the contrary, these empty accolades were all given by outsiders. 
As a Hunt, it went without saying that Roger understood that. 
Yet he’d still voiced such a ludicrous question 
—especially when his question caught the attention of those outside. 
Through the door, Nora could see that everyone in the secretarial department had pricked up their ears to hear how she was going to answer! 
In addition, before she could answer, Roger was already starting to set up a trap for her. He said, “No, wait. Nora, you’re a Smith, so you must favor the Smiths instead! I see, so that’s how it is! … Even though you’ve borne Justin three children, you’re still a Smith! And your daughter is also a Smith! Even
after she and Justin acknowledged each other as father and daughter, she didn’t change her last name all this time!” 
Roger suddenly thought of something and he even said, “I get it now, I’ve finally figured it out! I have been perplexed about why you refuse to cut our losses despite gold prices clearly plummeting day by day. As it turns out, you were lying in wait for that!” 
Nosy and gossipy secretaries would send news of their dispute to the group chats. Thus, Roger’s words were like a thunderbolt that bombarded the hearts of all the employees of the Hunt Corporation. 
Everyone launched into a discussion in the group chat. 
“Is Ms. Smith’s heart really not in here?” 
“Surely it’s not that bad? After all, the two families have already allied with each other through a political marriage. They even have children!” 
“Friend, Ms. Smith and Mr. Hunt are just engaged, they are not married yet! Legally, Ms. Smith is not Mr. Hunt’s wife yet!” 
“Oh my god! Now that you’ve put it that way, I’m suddenly starting to form a conspiracy theory here… No, no, surely not? Is Ms. Smith actually here to harm us? Will a company as big as the Hunt Corporation really go out of business?” 
“I feel so anxious! Will they lay off staff? Will I be laid off? I’m already middle-aged! If I lose this job, I won’t be able to find a better job at all!” 
Everyone was speculating. For a while, all the employees in the company panicked. 
The local media also reported the incident and it made headlines in business news. For a while, everyone was discussing it on the Internet as well as in real life.
The focus of their discussion was: 
In order to take the top spot in the country, the Smiths were stooping too low! 
Nora also came under fire on the Internet: 
“I’ve suddenly understood the Smiths’ ploys. The way wealthy families manipulate people is really so sinister! Oh gosh, how scary!” “Nora? She’s the top socialite, right? So, the way to rout the enemy is to bear him a child, then inherit his business and bring down his company?” 
Some reporters also cornered Nora and asked her for her opinion on the matter. 
Nora merely looked at the camera and said a few words. 
“In two days, I will tell you the answer.”
###Chapter 788
That one line of Nora’s immediately went under analysis by everyone, who then posted it on the Internet. 
Some people’s interpretations were: 
“She’ll give us an answer in two days? Gold prices will probably hit a new low in two days! When that happens and the Smiths become the most profitable company of the year, she’ll then announce her break with the Hunts?” 
“Friend, are you kidding? Her children can already inherit the Hunts’ property. What will remain of Ms. Smith if she breaks off ties with them? That bit of dividends from the Smiths?” 
“Now that you’ve mentioned the dividends, won’t the Smiths give Ms. Smith the position of successor? After all, everyone knows that the current head of the Smiths is the previous head’s nephew!” 
“Haha, I am a Smith Corporation employee. I can tell you very clearly that Ian Smith has already transferred the company shares to Joel Smith, so he now has 51% of the shares, which gives him absolute control over the company. The previous head only gave Ms. Smith 10 of the shares, so all your speculations are nonsense!” 
“You’re from the Smith Corporation? Then can you tell me if your company and the Hunt Corporation have really been in a competitive relationship all these years?” 
“Of course we are! We are not only competing with them on the outside but also internally. Every project always has two teams studying and developing it. Only competition can motivate a person’s most primitive passion, but as far as I know, the Smith Corporation does not care about things like being first or second. The Smith Corporation’s annual turnover is not much less than that of the Hunt Corporation!” 
“Even if it’s not much less, it’s still less than theirs. Even if they don’t care about who’s first or second, they are still in second place. Who wouldn’t want to get rid of their fate of being in second place forever? Besides, Mr. Hunt only has one son. Even if Ms. Smith plays a few small tricks and makes the Hunt
Corporation lose 80 million dollars, all that will happen is that they’ll become the second in terms of annual turnover this year. The Hunts won’t be too concerned. But by doing so, the Smiths can take first place for once, so why not? It’s just 80 million dollars, the Smiths probably don’t even think anything of it, right?” 
Some believed it while some didn’t. Everyone gloated over others’ misfortune while they chatted about the gossip and waited quietly for the results that would come in two days. 
Nora wasn’t one to bother listening to what outsiders said. Instead, she was dealing with the Hunt Corporation’s affairs as well as looking for an overseas project so that she could find an excuse to go to Switzerland. 
In the company, she approached Celine, a female staff member who was temporarily taking Lawrence’s place in the secretarial department, and asked, “Does the company have any projects in Switzerland?” 
With her head lowered, Celine answered stiffly, “No. If you have the time to be looking at overseas projects, then why don’t you settle the company’s domestic affairs first? Regarding the gold futures, what exactly are you thinking?” 
After Justin’s accident and in Lawrence’s absence, Celine had temporarily taken over the latter’s position as the leader of the secretarial department. 
However, she had always been supportive of Nora. Her current attitude, though… Something wasn’t right. 
Nora looked up to see the woman, who was usually mild and gentle, staring at her with her clear and attractive eyes. Her voice was obviously very gentle, yet the way she spoke was very stiff. She said, “Gold prices have dropped again today. Why aren’t you doing any trading in the market? With the way you’re behaving, don’t you think you’re letting down Mr. Hunt?”
Nora: “?” 
She raised her brows. Suddenly, she asked, “Do you also think that I am not doing my best for the Hunt Corporation?” 
Celine bit her lip. “Isn’t that right? If you really were doing your best for the Hunt Corporation, then why would you fire Lawrence?” 
Nora was taken aback. “What did you just say?” 
sneered, “I’ve already found out about everything that happened, so you can drop your act! Lawrence is very familiar with the company and he is also Mr. Hunt’s right-hand man. You fired him because you want to bypass him and do things unfavorable to the company, right? Ms. Smith, when Mr. Hunt was still around, we could all see for ourselves just how well he’d treated you. Don’t you think your actions have really let him down? Lawrence is very loyal to Mr. Hunt, how can you fire someone like him just like that?” 
Nora: “?” 
She countered with a question of her own. “When did I fire Lawrence?” 
Celine sneered and said, “You don’t have to pretend anymore, I already know all about it. You fired Lawrence the day Mr. Hunt died. His resignation letter is right there in the company’s email inbox. I’ve already seen it!” 
Nora: “!” 
She went through the email inbox at once. Sure enough, she saw Lawrence’s resignation letter, which was sent on the day that Justin died.
Lawrence’s resignation letter was written very clearly. To sum it up roughly, he wrote that Mr. Hunt had been very kind to him, so he needed some time to get over what had happened. He also told them not to look for him. After that, he left… 
Nora: “…” 
To think she had been wondering why no one noticed that Lawrence had disappeared just like that after Justin faked his death. As it turned out, it was because he had already made all the necessary preparations in advance. 
So, he had left together with Justin? 
Where had they gone, though? Switzerland? 
They must have done that and concealed their identities just so they could go to Switzerland to look for the V16, right? 
But when she thought of the man in black who was still alive, and how he’d forced her and Justin to retreat all by himself, as well as how Justin had also been forced into faking his death as a countermeasure; deep worry arose at the bottom of Nora’s heart. 
No, this wouldn’t work. She must go to Switzerland right away. 
Nora made up her mind. Suddenly, she looked up at Celine and asked, “Who told you that I was the one who fired Lawrence?” 
Celine had already seen Lawrence’s resignation letter a long time ago, yet her attitude towards her a few days ago had still been very good. However, this had suddenly changed today. Someone must have said something to her.
Sure enough, the next moment, the look in Celine’s eyes changed. She lowered her head and replied evasively, “I promised that person that I wouldn’t tell you their identity. Don’t bother trying to find out who told me the truth. That person is someone you trust, otherwise I wouldn’t have believed them so easily.” 
Someone she trusted? 
How many people did Nora trust? 
Her friends were all absolutely worthy of her trust. It was impossible for any of them to betray her. 
Nora didn’t think any deeper into it. Instead, she said, “I didn’t fire Lawrence.” 
However, Celine yelled agitatedly, “Are you still denying it at a time like this? Lawrence was in such a bad mood after he was fired that he has been keeping his cell phone switched off all this time! He doesn’t answer my phone calls at all! You don’t understand Lawrence’s feelings for the Hunt Corporation! If he does anything silly, I won’t let you off!” 
Her behavior… 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “You’re in love with him?” 
Her words made Celine choke. Then, she said, “Yes, I’m in love with him, I’ve had a crush on him for five years. Ms. Smith, I can tell you this very clearly—if you cannot handle the matter about the gold futures well, then please forgive me for not being able to cooperate with you!” 
After speaking, she turned and walked towards the door. However, when she reached the door, she turned her head to the back, looked at her with determination, and said, “Feel free to fire me. With the Smiths’ abilities, I believe that you’ll be able to find someone to take over my duties in no time. However, I didn’t stay in the Hunt Corporation for so many years for nothing. If you fire me, everyone in the
secretarial department will also leave with me! I am not Lawrence. He may allow himself to be driven away by you, but I won’t!” 
After saying that, Celine went out the door. 
Nora: “…” 
She looked at Celine. The woman was highly efficient and extremely capable. When Nora first took over the Hunt Corporation, she had helped her a lot. 
Celine was not like Mr. Livingstone. She was loyal to the company. Even now, she was still protecting the Hunt Corporation in her own way. 
Such people were relatively prone to becoming loyal to a fault. 
Unfortunately, such people were also extremely easy to make use of! 
Nora wasn’t going to fire her. How could she fire someone who did their best and gave their all for the company’s interests? 
She just needed to wait one more day to pass. Once Celine understood her efforts, she would surely regain trust in her character. Going by how loyal Celine was to the company, she would definitely tell her who the one sowing discord behind the scenes was. 
Thus, when the next day came…!
###Chapter 789
At seven o’clock in the morning, Mrs. Hunt woke Nora up. 
Had it been before, she would have lost her temper a long time ago-after all, she had always been extremely grumpy right after she woke up. Now, though, no matter how displeased she might be, when she saw how aged Mrs. Hunt looked and how she had become even less spirited than before, she could only get out of bed in silence. 
Then, under the supervision of Mrs. Hunt, she would go out for a run. 
Next to her, Mrs. Hunt said, “You can stop once you work up a sweat. If you don’t, then you have to continue running until it’s eight o’clock. Only then will you look more energetic. It’s obvious from how listless you look all the time that you are not exercising enough.” 
Nora let out a big yawn, her eyelids so heavy that she could hardly even lift them. 
Mrs. Hunt was still standing where she was and saying, “Can you open your eyes? Otherwise, how would you be able to intimidate and keep those people in the Hunt Corporation in check? They are all waiting to laugh at you today!” 
Nora yawned again. 
Mrs. Hunt felt even more distressed when she saw her yawning non-stop. She couldn’t help but say to Fanny, “Justin had always been self-disciplined. He went to bed at eleven every night and woke up at five to exercise. How on earth did he fall in love with a lazy woman like her?” 
Fanny sighed. “You talk about her so disdainfully, yet you are always encouraging her with your actions!” 
Mrs. Hunt said, “Of course I have to be encouraging towards her! Otherwise, what if she goes on strike? Even if it’s just for Pete, I have to inculcate in her a sense of belonging to the Hunts!”
Fanny did not speak. 
Mrs. Hunt then said, “I wonder if she will ever remarry, and if she does, will she be willing to be buried next to Justin after her death? Justin would be too lonely if he’s all alone… It’s all my fault. In the past, I had thought that just him being strong would be enough…” 
It was only when someone was no longer around that others would realize that it didn’t matter what they did, as long as they were still alive. 
Often, people only learned to cherish what they had after losing it. 
It was just like how parents often wanted their children to do well in school, but once something went wrong with their health, they would realize that their children’s health and happiness were what truly mattered the most in life. 
This was the same for Mrs. Hunt toward Justin. 
When Fanny heard what she said, she heaved another quiet sigh. 
Justin’s departure had dealt too great a blow to Mrs. Hunt, causing even a competitive woman like her to become much more laid-back. 
In the past, she would have demanded a lot of Nora, but now, she only had one requirement for her, and that was… to look more energetic and keep up appearances? 
Fanny shook her head and looked in front of her again. 
What entered her sight, though, was Nora jogging at a speed neither too fast nor too slow and in control of the rhythm. She had already been jogging for half an hour, though. A normal youngster would probably already be sweating profusely, yet she didn’t even break a sweat. 
“Alright, that’s enough.”
Half an hour later, at the sight of Nora’s pale visage, Mrs. Hunt stopped the training. In the end, she couldn’t bear to push her too hard after all, for fear that the sudden training load would be too much and end up burdening her. 
She said, “Just increase the duration bit by bit every day, doing so much in one go won’t work. Look at how pale you’ve become, your complexion is almost transparent! Do you feel dizzy? Let’s go back and have a bite! Your health is too poor!” 
Nora: “?” 
She had just been warming up! 
Was it already over? 
The old lady was too easy to please. 
As Nora thought so, she yawned again. 
Her complexion had become even paler because of her sleepiness, so the old lady fed her a lot of nourishing food for breakfast. She said, “You are too lazy. If you stay this lazy all the time, your body will become weak. Eat more and exercise more from now on, okay?” 
Nora: “…” 
After gobbling down the food, Nora got up to go to the office. 
She had only just stepped out of the house when Mrs. Hunt suddenly got up. 
“Where are you going?” Fanny asked.
Mrs. Hunt cast her eyes down and said, “To the office. Today is the last day of the three-day period she mentioned. Outsiders aren’t the only ones paying attention; some of the old-timers in the Hunt Corporation are paying even more attention than them. So, I’m going there to support her!” 
Mrs. Hunt knew very well that the people currently in the company were all either capable or loyal to Justin. 
However, it was exactly these people who would make things difficult for Nora. 
Of course, Mrs. Hunt would never be bewitched or blinded by the rumors and gossip outside. She knew very well that the Hunt Corporation and the Smith Corporation had always been in a win-win situation. 
Only with competition between the two would there be pressure on the companies to grow. This was also the foundation that both companies needed in order to survive and continue being leaders in business. 
This was a kind of commercial balance. If one established a monopoly, then they easily became arrogant, leading to them becoming blinded and missing the forest for the trees. If that happened, it would instead put the enterprise at an even bigger risk. 
Fanny said, “Alright.” 
At the Smiths. 
Joel got up early in the morning and went downstairs. Tanya asked, “Why are you setting off so early today?” 
Joel replied, “The market opens at nine o’clock. Once it opens, gold prices will also become set. I suspect that the Hunts will make use of this to make things difficult for Nora, so I’m going over to back her up.”
Upon hearing this, Tanya immediately took Joel’s arm and said, “I’ll go with you! Let’s support Nora together!” Joel nodded. “Yeah.” 
— 
At the Andersons’. 
Simon was counting his savings. Melissa sighed. “Mrs. Hunt could produce 80 million dollars so easily, and so could the Smiths. Once upon a time, our family was also considered well-off, so why are we so poor compared to them?” 
Simon also sighed. “Yeah, I know, right?” 
While the two of them were grousing, Logan entered the room and took out a check. “This is a check for 30 million dollars. Why don’t you pass this to her?” 
As soon as he said that, Simon and Melissa both looked at him. “Logan, did you go racing again?” 
When Logan suffered his leg injury previously, many doctors had said that it would be very tough for it to heal completely. However, Nora had cured him subsequently, so he’d continued his most beloved career. 
Logan was now America’s top car racer in standard car racing! 
In spite of that, Logan was still working hard to improve his skills. Whenever someone asked him about it, he would always say, “… Compared to her, I’m still too far behind!” 
Logan nodded. “I wonder if this is enough.” 
Simon said, “With our money added, it should be enough to make up for the losses this time. Surely she won’t incur a loss of 65 million dollars, right? Melissa, what’s on your mind?” 
Melissa replied, “I suddenly feel like we may not really need to send her the money.”
Simon was taken aback. “Why?” 
Since Melissa married him, she had always given her all for the family. Had she suddenly become selfish? 
However, Simon was understanding about that too. Life hadn’t been easy for his wife all these years. 
As soon as the thought formed in his mind, Melissa said, “I suddenly thought of the last time Nora invested in stocks for me. It was also a constant loss in the beginning, but in the end, I made money.” 
As soon as she said that, Simon chuckled and said, “You were investing in stocks then, it’s different this time. Gold prices have been falling for two consecutive months, it is impossible that they would rise all at once…”
###Chapter 790
At the Hunt Corporation. 
When Nora arrived in her car, there were already a lot of people in the company. 
Most of the shareholders had also come. Everyone was very concerned about how she would give an explanation to the media and everyone else today. 
When Nora entered the CEO’s office on the top floor, the secretaries, who all had feelings for the Hunt Corporation, were chatting with one another in low voices. 
“She says that she will give everyone an explanation today, but I really don’t know what kind of explanation she’s going to give. It will be the year-end closing in two days, and the company’s annual turnover data will be calculated then. If gold prices still don’t recover by today, I’m afraid it’ll be hard to say which way the Hunt Corporation will go this 
year.” 
“Sigh, I have a friend working in the Smith Corporation. They have already calculated their turnover for this year and it has increased by a lot compared to last year’s. This year, under Mr. Hunt’s lead, we have invested a lot in research and development, especially in the fields of biomedicine and microchip research. Those 1.5 billion dollars are never coming back. Once you compare them like this… Is the Hunt Corporation really going to be dethroned?” 
“Actually, we have all seen the annual data reports. The Hunt Corporation barely manages to take first place each year. It seems that our profits exceed the Smith Corporation’s by only tens of millions every year. With such a small gap, any money-making project can get things done… When you think of it that way, our victories really come too difficultly…” 
“Don’t you know? This is actually all part of Mr. Hunt’s plans. Only when the turnover is only tens of millions of dollars higher and at risk of being surpassed will we have the motivation to work harder.
Otherwise, if the gap is too big, we will end up monopolizing the market… Also, if the difference is just tens of millions of dollars, then the Smith Corporation will also be motivated to catch up with us. But because of this, it’s really hard to say which way it’ll go this year…” 
“Yeah, it’s all Ms. Smith’s fault. If she had disposed of the gold futures in time on the day of the board meeting, we wouldn’t be losing this much money. If we compare carefully, our profits are actually just a few million dollars less than the Smith Corporation! If she had disposed of them at that time, the loss would have been reduced by 15 million dollars, and our position as number one this year would also have been in the bag.” 
“So, this shows that some people’s hearts are just not in here!” 
Celine suddenly remarked coldly. 
It was now the end of December. The figures for the year’s annual turnover had been calculated and released at the end of the day before. There were only a few days left to the end of the month. After that, they would add the profits from these few days to the previous data. Once that was done, the results would be out very soon. 
The profits from several major projects had all been included, and it was impossible for there to be any large sums of income during the next few days. 
It could be said that the results were already fixed. 
Had it been the day before, Celine would still have placed a bit of trust in Nora, but now that she had seen the statistical results, she had lost all trust in her. 
She suddenly stood up and said, “We are only a few million dollars short of the Smith Corporation’s profits this year. If the difference was big, I wouldn’t have been suspicious of Ms. Smith, but now, I have
no choice but to doubt her. I think she did this deliberately. Besides, the amount of money lost is not that much for them either…” 
Someone whispered, “But Ms. Smith is now the Hunts’ daughter-in-law, why would she help the Smiths? It’s not like she’s the head of the Smiths…” 
Celine glanced over frostily. Even when the usually-gentle woman got angry, her voice merely shook a little. She was utterly livid. “Because… she will be the head of the Smiths very soon!” 
“What?” 
Everyone was puzzled. “How come? It has already been decided long ago that Joel Smith is the head of the Smiths. Besides, he also holds 51% of the shares. Is your information reliable or not?” 
Celine was furious. Even her eyes had turned a little red, and she was shaking in anger all over. 
“Of course. She forced Lawrence to resign just so she could abuse her authority and pull all these dirty tricks. If Lawrence was still here, and if Mr. Hunt was still here… The gold futures would have been sold long ago. How would it have come to this?!” 
She suddenly bit her lip and said, “We must unite as one and protect the Hunt Corporation together now!” 
The Hunt Corporation had undergone several major bouts of cleansing. With the exception of Roger, everyone who was still in the company was loyal to the Hunt Corporation. 
Therefore, when they saw the data report the day before, they had panicked. 
They had always been proud to be part of the Hunt Corporation. Additionally, when Justin was still around, he had treated them all very well.
Thus, all of them had always regarded the company as their home. 
As Celine was the deputy manager of the secretarial department, she only had a little less authority than him. Besides, all of them could tell that Celine and Lawrence’s relationship was a little ambiguous. 
As soon as she said that, everyone responded to her call. 
“Yes, we can’t let her destroy the Hunt Corporation. We must unite as one! Let’s boycott Ms. Smith and oppose her coming into the office!” 
“Kick Ms. Smith out!” 
“Let’s watch over the Hunt Corporation for Mr. Pete!” 
With their emotions roused, they stood up one by one and blocked the way out of the elevator. 
Behind the crowd, as Roger looked at the situation, his smirk became even more malicious, and a cold glint shot forth from his narrowed eyes. 
Ha. 
He couldn’t beat Justin, but did they think that he couldn’t beat a woman who had never done any business? 
Indeed, the old fogeys in the board of directors might not care about this bit of money-after all, 30 million dollars split equally among everyone wasn’t much—but there was no lack of people who were concerned about the Hunt Corporation’s image. 
These workers were what an enterprise truly relied on for survival! 
These people were elites from all walks of life. Now that they had come together to resist Nora, he would see what else Nora had to be so smug about!
As Roger thought so, the elevator arrived with a ding 
Nora walked out from within. 
As soon as she stepped out, someone threw a glass of water in her face! 
Nora’s eyes narrowed and she moved her head to the side a little. With a loud splash, the water splattered onto the floor. 
Her brows drew together, and she saw that Celine had led a group of people to block off the path outside the elevator. In addition to the secretarial department, there were also some other people from other departments. 
Although they were not senior executives, they nevertheless represented at least one-tenth of the company’s manpower! 
Nora frowned and asked, “What are you people doing?” 
Celine replied, “Ms. Smith, you are not welcomed here in the Hunt Corporation!” 
Just as Nora was about to speak, Roger took a step forward and said, “Nora, you’re really just so… Why can’t you listen to me? Do you know that your actions have really disappointed everyone?! Just for the Smiths’ sake, you made us suffer a loss… You are ultimately still a Smith after all! Only Hunts would truly have the Hunts’ interests at heart!! In the past, when Justin was still here, I was always indignant, but now that he’s gone, it is time for me to step up to the challenge and take on the burden! Nora, I think you should go back. From now on, I will take care of the Hunts’ affairs instead. After all, even if there are conflicts between Justin and me, I am ultimately still a Hunt! At the very least, I will never harm the Hunts’ interests for the sake of the Smiths!” 
When Roger said that, Celine immediately looked at him with a very reluctant look on her face.
When Lawrence was here, he’d called Roger a wolf in sheep’s clothing before. Despite Justin’s cold and stern exterior, he really treated his subordinates very well. However, this was not the case for Roger. 
Roger was friendly on the outside but cold on the inside! Such people were the scariest. However, if they drove Nora away, then it would seem that Roger really was the only one who could take over as the company’s interim CEO. 
Thus, Celine did not say anything. 
She intended to wait until she got in touch with Lawrence to discuss this problem! 
Since Celine did not say anything, the other secretaries did not raise any ions. They all stood behind Roger. 
Nora looked at Roger and scoffed, “How did I harm the interests of the Hunts?” 
Roger asked, “Have you forgotten about the gold futures?” 
Nora lowered her eyes and looked down at the time. 
The clock on her cell phone jumped from 8:59 to 9:00. 
Nora raised her head and slowly said, “The market is now open. Everyone can take a look at today’s gold price now.” 
Her words took Celine by surprise a little. 
Regardless, she quickly took out her cell phone and opened the trading app. 
Roger sighed. “Don’t be stubborn anymore, Nora. Considering how badly gold prices have fallen, even if they do recover today, how much can they really recover? It’s not like they will recover all at once, right? I think you’d best go home quickly and stop making such a scene in the company. Otherwise, you will only
be embarrassing Justin. If you also thoroughly embarrass Pete, it won’t be easy for him to take over the company in the future…” 
Right after he said that, his mobile trading market app sent a push notification to his cell phone: “Gold prices make a comeback today!”
###Chapter 791
“Get out of Hunt Corporation!” 
“That’s right. We don’t need a CEO like you!” 
A few people with insufficient intelligence did not look at the gold price on their phones. After all, this group of people did not care about this. Usually, they did not even have an app for trading. However, they were very loyal to the company, so they followed their original plan and shouted their slogan. 
At the scene, there were already reporters pointing their microphones at them. The reporters were also let in by Celine. After all, if reporters sensationalized this matter, it would be easier for them to chase Nora out of Hunt Corporation. 
At this moment, the reporters also wanted to rush over and surround Nora to interview her first-hand information. 
However, at this moment, Celine suddenly raised her head and looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Someone beside her shook her shoulder and asked, “Celine, what’s wrong? Say something? Everyone is waiting for you to speak!” 
Celine swallowed. 
She said word by word, “Gold… has risen in price.” 
Risen. 
Everyone fell silent. 
Only Roger stared at the data on his phone and wondered if he had seen it incorrectly. He rubbed his eyes and looked again. The price column still said that the price had increased.
He was not seeing things! 
Roger suddenly looked up and argued, “So what if the price increased? Even if the price has gone up, aren’t we still at a loss?! We’re only losing a little, but we’re barely on par with the Smiths!” 
Gold could not have grown so high in a day. The price of gold today had increased to more than 300 dollars. It was still a loss from buying now. 
However, Roger’s words were clearly unbelievable. 
Nora sneered. “Do you remember your words? There are still a few days until the report for this year. This is enough!” 
The report would not be finalized until the 30th of December. The price increase was definitely enough! 
Roger choked from her rebuttal. He still wanted to say something, but Nora walked past him and directly walked in front of Celine. She asked, “You said earlier that you wanted me to leave?” 
Celine bit her lip and looked at her in disbelief. “I, I… No, I don’t know…” 
Nora turned around and looked at the others. 
Someone else raised a question. “We’re still in a loss-making state. Perhaps the short rise today is just a momentary recovery!” 
“Alright, that’s enough.” 
Someone beside him pushed him and said, “Miss Smith said that the results will be revealed in three days. The price of gold increased today. What does this mean? It means that Miss Smith really has insider news! That’s why she was so adamant that the gold futures would not be sold. She resisted everyone’s ions and left the gold futures untouched because she was certain that the gold prices would rise!”
After saying this, those who did not understand came to a realization. 
How much hostility did everyone have towards Nora earlier? Now, they felt so guilty and regretful. They regretted misunderstanding her! 
The misunderstanding was cleared! 
Nora raised her eyebrows and did not say anything. She wanted to enter the room. 
Just as she was about to enter, a reporter rushed over. “Miss Smith, you…” 
Nora had a headache. 
She hated dealing with reporters the most. However, at this moment, Celine suddenly blocked her way. “I’m sorry, you don’t have an appointment with President Smith… You need to stop here.” 
Nora, who had entered the office, was speechless. 
She turned around and saw that Celine had said something. She was gentle and magnanimous as she took the reporters downstairs. Those difficult reporters could not say anything harsh in front of her. 
Then, Celine turned around and arranged some things. The people from the secretary department got busy. 
The chaotic top floor immediately became orderly. 
This was Celine’s work ability. 
She was very powerful.
As Nora thought about this, she saw Roger suddenly turn around and plan to sneak away. However, before he could leave, Nora pressed his shoulder. “Where are you going?” 
Roger’s shoulder was pressed down, and he could not move anymore. At this moment, he stared at Nora and could only smile. “Nora, where else can I go? Of course I’ll go to work!” 
“Work?” 
Nora nodded and suddenly smiled. “Yes, I called the directors to a meeting. Let’s go together!” 
At the board of directors meeting. 
Roger wanted to escape, but he smiled awkwardly. “Nora, uncles, look, I have so little shares in the company. It’s not appropriate for me to stay here. I have something to care of. I’ll take my leave first?” 
Unfortunately, just as he turned around, he heard Nora’s voice. “Alright. Anyway, we’ll discuss the punishment for you next. It’s not good for you to stay.” 
es 
As soon as she said this, Roger stopped walking. He looked directly at Nora. A cold light flashed across his smiling eyes before he said, “Nora, what are you talking about? My punishment? What have I done? I was doing it for the good of the company. The gold futures had fallen so badly back then. Furthermore, although it increased a little today, you can’t be too confident. What if it’s the end of the world? No one knows how much money you can earn. You haven’t brought any profits to the company yet. Isn’t it inappropriate for you to start flipping out here?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Roger continued to sigh. “I know. In the past, I didn’t get along with Justin and you had a problem with me. But now that Justin isn’t around, I can’t bully you two! Nora, why are you targeting me like this?”
Roger was still talking when Nora suddenly threw a document on the table. 
When he saw that document, Roger’s expression changed. 
Downstairs, Mrs. Hunt had arrived. 
She was old. The car drove slowly and smoothly. She was still talking to Fanny as she got out of the car. “Tell me, why is a girl like her driving so fast? She disappeared in the blink of an eye. I didn’t catch up all the way!” 
Fanny smiled and said, “Maybe she was in a hurry…” 
As the two of them spoke, they saw Mr. Livingstone arrive. When he saw Mrs. Hunt, he walked forward. 
This was what he and Mrs. Hunt had agreed on. Today, Mrs. Hunt would help Nora suppress the people in the company. However, the following arrangements still required Mr. Livingstone to be the first special assistant. 
In the future, the company’s decisions would still depend on Mr. Livingstone… 
When she saw Mr. Livingstone, Mrs. Hunt was about to speak when Mr. Livingstone sneered. “Don’t be anxious. Let’s see today’s gold price first! It’ll also let you know how reliable my source is!” 
Mr. Livingstone picked up his phone confidently. He had to show the evidence first before he could occupy a high position in the subsequent negotiations! 
He opened the trading app.
###Chapter 792
Mrs. Hunt sighed and did not notice the change in Mr. Livingstone’s expression. She continued, “If you doubt someone, don’t use them. If you use them, don’t doubt them. Besides, doing business comes with losses and wins, so it’s normal for Nora to occasionally suffer losses in projects. After all, it’s her first time managing a company. Don’t think you can look down on her… Her old friends might be unreliable but with me around her future friends will definitely be reliable…” 
However, Mr. Livingstone was still staring at the phone. When he saw the price on it, he was stunned. 
His eyes widened as he stared at the phone in disbelief, thinking that he must have seen it wrongly. 
It was fine if it did not drop. After all, it could not keep falling, but it actually increased? 
Moreover, the price was fluctuating. Did it increase again after a while? 
Mr. Livingstone swallowed and looked up. 
Mrs. Hunt continued to speak. “So, when you see Nora later, don’t mention this matter anymore. Just treat it as the past… Let’s go!” 
When Mrs. Hunt was talking to Mr. Livingstone, she had already entered the president’s elevator. 
Ding! 
The elevator reached the top floor. 
As soon as Mrs. Hunt finished speaking, the door opened. Celine stood outside. When she saw Mrs. Hunt, she revealed a respectful expression. “Mrs. Hunt…” 
Mrs. Hunt nodded and asked, “Where’s Nora?” 
Celine said, “She’s at the board of directors meeting.”
“Board of Directors meeting? Are those people really going to make things difficult for her?” When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she was anxious. She immediately turned around and walked to the meeting room. “Let’s go and take a look. Nora is so stupid and has never experienced such things. She will definitely be frightened by others. Don’t embarrass our family again!!” 
Her words were unpleasant, but her footsteps were fast. It was as if she was afraid that if she was a step slower, Nora would feel aggrieved. 
Celine followed closely behind her. “Mrs. Hunt, what are you talking about? Everyone in the company is very happy now. They can’t wait to praise President Smith. President Smith has seen all kinds of things. It’s okay to have minor skirmishes!” 
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. “A minor skirmish? The price of gold fell so badly today, won’t those directors skin her alive?” 
Celine was also stunned. “Have you not seen the gold price today?” 
The old madam was puzzled. “No, I didn’t see it.” 
She really did not want to see it. Just looking at it made her heart ache a little. 
Although money was just a number to her, she could not help but feel uncomfortable when she saw her fortune evaporate. 
However, the next moment, Celine smiled. “Mrs. Hunt, the gold has increased today! Furthermore, the price has increased by 100%! In the last half an hour, it has increased by 10 dollars again. Furthermore… We finally received some insider news today that the gold price will keep rising in the future!” 
Mrs. Hunt: 
She was stunned and stopped in her tracks. She looked at Celine in confusion. “You mean the price increased?” 
“Yes! It increased!” 
Celine was smiling from ear to ear. Just now, she was so hostile to Nora, but now, she was so protective of her. Furthermore, because of her past suspicion and betrayal, Celine felt even more guilty toward Nora! 
She said, “Everyone mocked President Smith and misunderstood her but President Smith did not fuss about it with us. Instead, she made us wait for two days. Today, she finally slapped us in the face with the truth! Everyone in the company knows President Smith’s capability now! She has connections in the business industry! Now, everyone is supporting President Smith!” 
Mrs. Hunt:  
She felt that the President Smith in Celine’s mouth was not the same person as the lazy granddaughter- in-law at home. She could not help but ask, “Is the President Smith you’re talking about Joel or Nora?” 
Celine: “…It’s Nora, President Smith!” 
Mrs. Hunt felt a little confused. Did Nora really make the right bet? 
She could not help but turn her head and look at Mr. Livingstone again. She saw that he looked anxious and was talking on the phone in a corner. His voice was very low. “What’s wrong with you? I gave you so much money and now you’re doing this to me? You guessed… Do you know you’ll be hit by a car when you go out tomorrow?! You liar! Return the money to me or I’ll sue you…”
The furious Mr. Livingstone hung up the phone. When he looked up and saw Mrs. Hunt, his face instantly turned red. He said, “Mrs. Hunt, I… I made a mistake this time. But you’re right. Everyone makes mistakes. It’s normal to have losses and wins. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely handle the future projects carefully! I’ll also help you assist Miss Smith well!” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she lowered her head and sighed. “Mr. Livingstone, our family’s business has losses and wins. I can’t be angry at my own family, right? After all, we’re family, but it’s different for outsiders…” 
With that, she looked at Celine. “Take all the unimportant people outside. Don’t disturb President Smith’s meeting.” 
Celine smiled and regained her usual calm and gentleness. She nodded. “Yes!” 
— 
In the meeting room. 
The shareholders had already seen the documents that Nora had thrown on the table. 
Nora’s fingers gently knocked on the table as she slowly said, “Everyone has seen it. These are the transaction records for our recent gold investment. You can see that Roger first bought 100 million for the company, and then he bought 400 million in his own name. After that, the gold depreciated but he found a way to sell the futures in his hands to the company for 400 million. It’s equivalent to the company buying 500 million worth of futures. I wonder what everyone thinks about this?” 
Roger stood up immediately and looked at Nora in disbelief. The smile on his face finally disappeared. He narrowed his eyes and smiled. “Nora, are you joking? Besides, how could you have access to the records of my bank account? You can’t use something so groundless to slander me!” 
“Really?”
Nora rested her chin on her fingers and yawned. She had really woken up too early in the morning. Then, she smiled and said, “You might have forgotten how I can get your bank records. Other than being a doctor, I’m also a hacker.”
###Chapter 793
Roger’s eyes suddenly shrunk. “You… you hacked into the banking system! You’re breaking the law. I’m going to sue you!” 
Nora sneered. “Sue me? You still have to wait for me to deal with you first, right?!” 
With that, she stood up and said impatiently, “Roger is fired from the board of directors for compromising the company for his personal gain. Furthermore, the price you paid for the gold was 400, but when you sold it to the company, it had already dropped to 280. However, you still sold the gold to the company at 400. Now, you have to make up for this difference. Otherwise, I’ll see you in court!” 
If the difference was made up, then it would be over 100 million! 
Although Roger could gather that bit of money, he still felt his heart ache. 
However, if Nora sued him, then that could jeopardize his retirement plans. He should take out the money to resolve this trouble first! 
He looked at Nora angrily. “Okay! I’ll agree to everything! But don’t forget that I can still sue you!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What are you going to sue me for?” Roger sneered. “For hacking into the banking system.” 
“Really?” 
Nora picked up the bank records. Her milky hand held the few pieces of paper and threw them into the shredder beside her. Then, she said, “When did I do that? Instead, just now, you admitted in front of everyone that you stole the company assets, so we can ask the bank to investigate your account now…” 
Roger: “!!” 
He stared at Nora in disbelief. “You! She’s lying. Did you all hear that?”
Roger looked at the other directors and saw that everyone had turned their heads away looking like they had not heard anything. 
Seeing their expressions, Roger instantly understood that these people were Justin’s trusted subordinates! 
He could only accept this loss! 
Roger clenched his fists. 
He was really speechless! 
Last time, when Justin was around, he only fired Roger’s father, who was also the second son of the Hunt family, from the board of directors. After all, Raymond had admitted his mistakes and left behind a seemingly idle Roger. 
Now, Roger was also chased out. 
In the entire company, even the flies that Justin had hated were gone in the end. 
This matter quickly spread in the circle. 
– 
Downstairs at Hunt Corporation. 
Joel had just arrived when he received a call from his secretary. After informing him of this news, he immediately smiled bitterly and looked at Tanya. “Alright, we came for nothing. Let’s go back!” 
Tanya was stunned and asked what was going on. When she heard Joel’s words, she said, “Nora has her own connections. The person she’s talking about is probably her aunt. Her aunt is also a top figure in
Switzerland! Even the aristocrats in Switzerland have to respect her aunt! How can Nora have any bad friends?!” 
Joel nodded. “Yes, I’m overthinking. Besides, Nora will be better in the future because she’s about to get the world’s best source of information.” 
Tanya: “?” 
She looked at Joel in confusion. “What do you mean?” 
Joel smiled. “It’s nothing.” 
He turned the car around and was about to leave Hunt Corporation when he suddenly saw Logan leave in a sports car. Joel instantly chuckled. “It looks like we’re not the only ones who care about Nora!” 
In the Andersons’ car. 
On the way, Simon urged the driver to drive faster. 
At the side, Melissa was angry with a cold expression. 
Simon said, “Alright, wife, don’t be angry. I know you’re not a petty person. Let’s treat this money as a loan to Nora, okay?” 
Melissa instantly became even angrier. 
When she had said those words at home, Simon thought that she was reluctant to pay and had even expressed his understanding. However, the more he said, the angrier she became. 
Was she the kind of person who only cared about her family and not Nora?
She said angrily, “Am I that kind of person to 
you?” 
Simon understood. “No, Honey. If giving away the money was not the issue then why did you say we didn’t need to come over?” 
Melissa was really furious. She looked at the sullen man in front of her and finally sighed. “You, you’re really… I mean, Nora probably doesn’t need our help!” 
Simon lowered his head. “I know. The Smiths are stronger than us, but we’re family, after all. We have to help…” 
Melissa: “!!” 
Melissa took out her phone in anger. When she realized that it was nine o’clock, she opened the trading app. When she saw the gold price, she threw the phone at him. “See for yourself!” 
Simon: “…” 
For the next half month, Simon slept on the sofa. 
People concerned about Nora came and went outside. However, Nora, who was upstairs, did not know that these people had been there. 
This did not stop her from working. 
Pete’s work was done very well and many projects were approved. Nora was only responsible for throwing those things to Celine before coming to Justin’s office to sit. 
Half an hour later, there was a knock on the door.
Nora looked up and saw Celine walking in. 
She lowered her head and twisted her fingers. As if she had done something wrong, she continued, “President Smith, I’m sorry. I just contacted Lawrence. He said that he left on his own and it has nothing to do with you.” 
IT 
When Nora heard that she had contacted Lawrence, she asked in surprise, “Where is he?” 
Celine said, “He said he’s taking a breather in Switzerland. He asked me not to tell anyone.” 
Nora: “!!” 
It seemed like Justin had really gone to Switzerland. 
But why couldn’t he tell her? 
She frowned, unhappy. 
As she was in deep thought, Celine suddenly said, “President Smith, I have something to report to you. The person closest to you had told me…!” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed. She looked at Celine. “Who is it?” 
Celine bit her lip and finally said a name. “Joel!” 
Nora: “?” 
Joel? 
How could this be?!
###Chapter 794
At the Smith Corporation. 
After sending Tanya back home, Joel went to the Smith Corporation. 
As soon as he entered the top floor, his special assistant came to him. “President Smith, this is your itinerary for today.” 
Joel nodded. After taking the itinerary, he casually glanced at it and suddenly stopped in his tracks. He turned back to look at his executive assistant, Mindy. She was a capable woman. Her hair was neatly tied behind her head and she was wearing a black suit. Her eyes were very serious. 
Joel lowered his head and said, “We’re having a meeting.” 
When Mindy heard this, she was stunned. 
The meeting Joel was talking about was not a normal meeting but a private one with a few of them. However, he had an important appointment at ten o’clock. She was about to but when she met Joel’s eyes, which were always smiling but were now firm, she could only lower her head. “Yes!” 
Two minutes later, Mindy and eight senior executives in their thirties appeared in the President’s office. 
Joel stood in front of the French window with his back facing them. 
Smith Corporation was a 60-story tall building. Standing there, it seemed like the entire New York could be seen. This was the proudest thing about Smith Corporation and Hunt Corporation. 
They were high above and everyone else seemed to be crawling at their feet. 
The crowded human life downstairs was as small as an ant in their eyes.
He looked at it for a while and turned around to look at the few people standing respectfully in front of him. These were all the people who had fought with him in the company after Ian handed the company to him. 
Joel still remembered that when he took over the company back then, the elders in the company with Ian were very indignant and had secretly made many obstacles for him because he was too young. 
It was all because of this group of people who had accompanied him through those dark days that he conquered those old fogeys. 
It could be said that it was even more difficult for Joel than Justin to become the true successor because he was not Ian’s biological son. He was not the rightful heir! 
There were many people under Ian who knew his true identity… They were even more dissatisfied with him. 
Therefore, Joel trusted his subordinates very much. Over the years, Smith Corporation had been getting better and better under their leadership. 
He sat down on the sofa beside him. The smile on his face disappeared and he became serious. 
Those people looked at each other, not knowing what was going on. 
Mindy said, “President Smith, did you call us over to say something?” 
Joel nodded. “Yes. Last night, Uncle signed a share transfer agreement with me. Now, 51% of the company’s shares are mine.” 
These words were meant to reassure everyone.
However, the nine of them did not speak. They continued to stare at Joel as if waiting for him to say something. Joel was silent for a moment before saying, “I rejected that account.” 
This sentence made the nine of them frown. 
“President Smith, that account is the most important. How can you not want it?” 
“Yes, President Smith. You should know that that secret account is the foundation of the Smiths’ continued rise!” 
“President Smith, although we don’t know what that account is, we all know that many projects in the past were only completed because we got information from that account. Without that account, how would we obtain that precious information in the future?” 
“President Smith, that account is the foundation of the Smith Corporation. 51% of the shares are not as important as that account. You…” 
II 
The people below expressed their opinions one after another. They all felt that Joel should keep that account. Without the account, even if he got 51% of the company’s shares, he would still be controlled by others in the future. 
асс 
Mindy said indignantly, “I knew it. Why would Old President Smith give you 51% of the shares so easily? After all this, he left his account to his own daughter. From now on, President Smith, you’ll always be under her control! No matter how well the Smith Corporation does in the future, it’ll still be hers! You’ve
done so much for the company, but in the end, you’re only helping her! Old President Smith is really scheming!” 
Mindy’s words made it difficult for the others to calm down. 
Everyone said, “Yes, President Smith, you’re making us disappointed. President Smith, we can’t just let this matter go. Tell me, what should we do next? Can we get the account back?” 
“President Smith, say it. As long as you give the order, we won’t hesitate to do anything even if it means touching the edge of the law!” 
Looking at these people, Joel sighed silently. “Don’t you understand what I just said?” 
The few of them paused. 
Joel said word by word, “What I’m saying is that I rejected that account. Dad gave me his account but I insisted on leaving it to Nora. There’s no need to discuss this anymore.” 
Mindy instantly bit her lip. “President Smith, you’re too naive. Old Master probably gave her his account long ago! When Miss Smith said the gold price would rise, it really did. Where did she get the information from?”
###Chapter 795
“President Smith, you treat Old President Smith as your father, but he’s just playing with you! He has already handed that account to Miss Smith. Saying that he gave it to you was just a test!” 
“That’s right. Nora has that account. It’s like adding wings to a tiger for Hunt Corporation. In the future, the gap between us and Hunt Corporation will grow wider and wider!” 
“Yes, Miss Smith predicted the gold price so accurately and even said the number of days clearly. She must have known about it long ago!” 
“President Smith, you…” 
“Enough!” 
Joel suddenly roared angrily and interrupted their conversation. 
Joel was very famous outside. The few people inside were also afraid of him. If not for his ability, why would these people follow him willingly? 
With that, Joel lowered his head and said, “This matter is settled! Even without a source of information, can the Smith Corporation no longer grow? I think you guys took the shortcut too generously and have already lost your ambition to fight! Society is developing so quickly and opportunities are everywhere. Why? Others can do well without a source of information but you bunch of elites can’t even compare to them?” 
With that, the group of people did not dare to speak again. 
Everyone lowered their heads. 
Joel’s gaze swept past them one by one before he finally said, “This matter ends here. I hope you don’t play any tricks behind my back. Dad taking me in and raising me is already the greatest kindness to me.
The entire Smith Corporation should belong to Nora. However, Nora couldn’t be bothered to manage it, so Dad handed it to me. I hope you don’t forget your conscience! Don’t forget who helped you guys till this day! Without Dad, how could you have gotten where you are today?” 
These words made everyone even more afraid to speak. 
Actually, including Mindy, everyone was from a poor family. Some were orphans. It was Ian who had started a fund and paid for their studies. Some who were talented had been allowed to study abroad. 
They were not bound to enter Smith Corporation after they returned. However, if they wanted to enter, they had to go through an interview with Joel. 
These were people Ian had nurtured for Joel. 
He had indeed never tainted it before and had handed it all to Joel. Only this group of people knew that it was Ian who had paid for everything when they were young. When they grew up, it was Joel who they interacted with. They had handed all their loyalty to Joel. 
This was the greatest wealth Ian had left for Joel. 
Therefore, although Mindy’s words were very reasonable, Joel still did not dare to have any resentment toward Ian. He could not have any! This was the father who had raised him! 
There was no such thing as contentment in the human heart in this world. Joel had once seen a story-A tycoon gave a beggar $100 a day. Day after day, year after year, the beggar got used to it. Until one day, the tycoon did not bring extra money and only gave the beggar $1. 
The beggar was furious. He threw the $1 to the tycoon and shouted, “What do you mean by this? Are you humiliating me?” Joel was that beggar. Since he was young, everything was given to him by Ian.
Now, if Ian wanted to take it back, he should not have any resentment. Otherwise, wouldn’t he be an ingrate? 
He could not become the enemy of someone he was indebted to. 
The few of them did not dare to speak anymore. 
Joel waved his hand. “Alright, go out. I won’t pursue this matter here, but if I find out that anyone has targeted Nora, don’t blame me for not considering our relationship!” 
These words made Mindy shiver. She bit her lips and finally lowered her head before leaving the office with the others. 
After the few of them left, Joel sat on the sofa. 
This made sense, but he had treated Ian as his father since he was young. Now that his father’s true daughter was back, the entire family was doting on her. Ian’s entire heart was on Nora… Actually, to a child like Joel who lacked love, it was impossible for him to not feel uncomfortable at all. 
Fortunately, Tanya had been by his side lately and had suppressed the dark side of his heart. 
Joel took off his glasses and rubbed his temples. 
Now that he had a father, a daughter, and a wife—he had lived enough, right? 
He did not want that account. Even if Ian really gave it to Nora, it was only right. After all, Nora was his flesh and blood… He should let her have her way. 
Furthermore, there was only one girl in the family. It was only right for all the brothers to give in to their younger sister!
Joel brainwashed himself like this and finally started a day of work. 
At four in the afternoon, Joel’s phone suddenly rang 
He lowered his head and realized that it was Ian. 
He was overjoyed. 
After starting work at the company, Ian rarely called him. His father’s love was always reserved. He yearned for his father to call and scold him for doing something wrong. This was the normal way a father and son interacted. However, Ian was his uncle in the past and had not done this before. Although, he had not done this after he became his father, either. 
He picked up the call and said in a relaxed tone, “Dad, what’s wrong?” 
“Nora is coming home for dinner tonight. She said she has something to say. Come back early.” 
Ian’s words made Joel’s heart sink. He lowered his eyes and smiled. “Okay.”
###Chapter 796
After hanging up the phone, Joel sat on the sofa and looked quietly into the distance, his heart a little heavy. 
Nora often came back to have dinner with the Smiths after she started staying with the Hunts but Ian had never specially informed him about it before. Ian’s solemn behavior regarding her coming over this time gave Joel the feeling that he might have found out about what had happened. 
When Mindy handed him his schedule for today, the sharp Joel had discovered the problem. 
He’d already stated long ago that he would not be seeking information from that account anymore, yet as part of his itinerary that day, Mindy had still arranged for him a meeting with a certain person. This showed that Mindy hadn’t given up yet. 
Joel knew that those few subordinates of his had never actually given up on the account. 
After all, an account like that would allow them to create their own legendary era of the Smiths! 
He could understand his nine subordinates’ feelings. 
They had been with him since their college days. Even when they went abroad for further studies, it was all for the sake of better assisting him upon their return. They rose and fell together with him. 
If Joel’s authority among the Smiths fell, their status in the company would also fall along with his. They were loyal and dedicated to him. 
This was especially the case for Mindy. Being the lone woman among the nine, she was exceptionally capable. Although he had told them not to take any action, it was highly likely that she had already done something to Nora. 
Joel also roughly knew what she had done.
Mindy was not like Quentin, she wasn’t capable of big moves like assassinating someone. The most she could do was just create a bit of trouble to annoy Nora. 
To be honest, Joel knew that Mindy should be dealt with, but he still wanted to protect her. 
After all, she’d been working for him for so many years. Even if she hadn’t contributed anything meritorious, she had nevertheless done a lot of hard work. Besides, Mindy had never made any mistakes, and even the one time she did was for his sake… 
Originally, Joel wanted to cover up the incident. 
But when Ian suddenly asked him to come home for dinner, Joel understood at once that he wouldn’t be able to cover it up anymore. 
Besides, he also owed Nora an explanation. 
With that in mind, Joel took a deep breath. 
At noon, Tanya suddenly came. 
A mildly surprised Joel looked at Tanya. “Why are you here?” 
Tanya raised the lunch box in her hand. “To bring you lunch.” 
Tanya was not a housewife but a woman who ran her own business. She had opened a dance studio in New York that taught dancing to children. By right, she should have been very busy today. 
Joel watched her “virtuously” lay out the food on the table. While doing so, her actions were a little too rough and she accidentally spilled a bit of the soup. In addition, when she was laying out the food, the bite-sized fried chicken caught her eye and she peeked at him. When he pretended to be reading a document, out of the corner of his eye, he saw her secretly take a piece of fried chicken and stuff it into her mouth.
Joel: “…” 
Although it seemed like she had become much more even-tempered, her temperament had never actually changed. She was still as rash as she had been in her youth. Joel let out a low laugh and stood up. 
After walking over, the two sat facing each other. Tanya poured him a bowl of soup. She had obviously prepared it for him, yet she gave herself a taste of it first. Then, because she found it delicious, she naturally placed the bowl in front of herself and started to drink spoonful after spoonful of soup. 
Joel, who was waiting for her to hand him the bowl of soup, could only pick up another bowl in resignation and fill it with soup himself. At the same time, he also gave Tanya a refill. 
Then he asked, “Aren’t you busy?” 
“Totally! I’m swamped!” 
Tanya spoke with contentment as the delicious soup flooded her mouth. Then, she looked at him and added, “But no matter how busy I am, I should still visit my husband, right~? Are you feeling kinda down today?” 
Joel: “…” 
He put down the spoon, cast his eyes down, and heaved a sigh. His smile disappeared little by little and he asked, “How did you know?” 
“Tsk,” Tanya continued to drink her soup and then said, “I know you too well. The moment you lift your butt, I already know what kind of gas you’re gonna fart…” 
The corners of Joel’s lips spasmed. “Can’t you be a little more refined in your speech?”
Tanya pouted. “Isn’t it because Mia isn’t here right now? I’m already close to suffocating to death from acting like a prim and proper lady in front of Mia all the time. Now that there is no one else here, why can’t I be a little cruder?” 
Joel held his forehead. “Alright.” 
He didn’t realize that even though his smile was not as bright as the one before, the fake smile on his face was gradually being replaced by a genuine one. 
“So, what happened? Tell me about it!” Tanya said. 
When Joel was about to speak, Tanya waved and said, “If you’re gonna say it, then tell me the truth. You have always been sensitive, withdrawn, and needy since you were a child. You may look high up in the air, but deep down, you are terribly fragile. I stopped looking at you through rose-tinted glasses a long time ago, so there is no need for you to put up any pretenses. You can just say it as it 
is.” 
When Joel heard her, he lowered his head and thought for a while. Then, he said, “Dad has an account, the Smiths’ true inheritance. You can get a lot of useful financial news and information there.” 
With just a couple of simple sentences from him, Tanya got it right away. “Dad gave the account to Nora?” 
Joel nodded and then said, “It seems that the info about the gold prices came from there, but I’ve only just rejected Dad’s offer and told him to give Nora the account last night. However, Nora was already aware of this information three days ago.” 
Tanya nodded again. “I see, you suspect that Dad already gave Nora the account long ago yet he kept it from you and even probed you about it yesterday?”
Joel nodded again. 
He hesitated for a moment before he said, “Dad is not someone like that. If he wants to give me something, he will do so straightforwardly. If he doesn’t want to, then he will tell me clearly that he doesn’t want to. He has never tried to sound me out. Has Dad noticed my sneaky little thoughts?” 
Tanya rolled her eyes. “Who wouldn’t? You always act so calm and collected as though such things don’t bother you, but in fact, what you lack the most is a sense of security. You don’t care about that account at all; what you care about is Dad’s feelings towards you.” 
That one sentence of hers had hit Joel’s deepest self. 
However, Tanya then said, “To be honest, this is very normal. Think about it, children never want a second child in the family, because once a second child appears, they will take away part of their parents’ love.” 
Joel shifted into listening mode. Suddenly, he felt like his sneaky little thoughts didn’t seem that serious anymore. He asked, “And then?”
###Chapter 797
Tanya laughed. “Then the children cry and kick up a fuss, of course! As they say, the squeaky wheel gets the grease, so those who complain the loudest get the most attention. This is very simple logic. It’s normal for you to think like this. Even if you were Dad’s real son, you would still be jealous, much less when you aren’t!” 
Joel: “…” 
He denied it. “I’m not jealous.” 
“Yes, yes, you’re right, you’re not jealous at all.” Tanya laughed. She raised her head to look at him and then said solemnly, “You don’t need to feel embarrassed about it, any normal person would feel the same way. You will slowly adapt and get used to it. Usually, in families with more than one child, the eldest will eventually also grow to love their siblings. You will find that you’ve just gained one more family member who loves you, that’s all.” 
Joel: “….” 
Why did Tanya sound as though she was coaxing a child? 
Joel lowered his head and started to eat. 
Tanya looked at him. “Hey, did I manage to comfort you or not?” 
“Yes, you did.” Joel offered her a piece of fried chicken, upon which Tanya immediately pursed her lips and said, “I’m a dancer, you know. Am I supposed to eat such greasy food? Why are you so careless…” 
Despite saying that, she secretly picked up a French fry. 
Joel: “…”
Why didn’t he see her being so self-disciplined when she was sneaking the fried chicken into her mouth?! 
The smile at the corners of his lips deepened. He said, “I will talk it out with Nora later at night. As for Dad, I was too narrow-minded. I understand his actions and I also understand that to him, Nora is ultimately still different.” 
How could one’s feelings for their biological and adopted children possibly be the same? 
Tanya, however, said, “It’s also different between children they raised and children they didn’t! Didn’t you see that news some time ago? The child’s biological parents found and approached him after he grew up, but the child was only close to their adoptive parents. You were raised by Dad, and Dad has a very good relationship with you! Considering Nora’s personality—besides, she doesn’t know how to wheedle for attention eitherDad will definitely find her too aloof!” 
Joel: “…” 
Tanya smiled after she spoke. “Therefore, to Dad, there’s no difference between you and Nora. The two of you are the same to him!” 
Everything she said beforehand was for the sole purpose of saying this last sentence. Joel suddenly became enlightened. “Yeah.” 
After the two ate and Tanya was about to go home, Joel suddenly stood up. “I’ll go home with you!” 
Tanya was surprised. “What’s wrong?” 
Joel smiled and replied, “My subordinate did something bad to Nora. As her elder brother, surely I have to apologize to her in person, right? Why don’t I cook for you guys today?”
Tanya laughed. “Okay! Then make me some beef steak! You know how I like it done the best! Eating beef at night helps lose weight!” 
Joel: “…” 
The two went downstairs together and got ready to go home. 
After they left, Mindy appeared at the door. When she overheard Joel saying “My subordinate did something bad to Nora. As her elder brother, surely I have to apologize to her in person, right?”, she clenched her fists. 
She lowered her head, aware that what she did had displeased Joel. 
Moreover, it had even nearly destroyed their familial harmony. 
Then, she thought of how she had only been able to go to school because of Ian sponsoring her studies. It was just that the old man had never taken the credit for himself. 
Mindy took a deep breath. She knew that she had really made a mistake this time! 
However, she wasn’t going to apologize for it anymore-because Mr. Smith had already shouldered the blame for her. The only thing she could do now was never to take the liberty to act without permission again, and also never to make trouble for Ms. Smith again! 
Joel returned home. 
Even Ian, who was basking in the sun in the living room and staring out the window along the way, was a little surprised to see him. “Why are you back so early?” 
Joel smiled and replied, “Isn’t Nora coming for dinner? I’ll cook.” 
Ian was dumbfounded. “What are you cooking for? It’s not like we don’t have a chef. Come over and sit with me for a while instead.” 
Joel sat next to Ian. 
Ian, who was warm and comfortable from the sun, slowly said, “Joel, I want to thank you.” 
Joel was taken aback. “Dad, what’s the matter?” 
Ian said, “Do you remember the day when your dad… I mean, my brother hit you, and you ran over and put your arms around my 
leg?” 
Joel nodded. 
Ian smiled and said, “That day, I actually didn’t want to live anymore.” 
Joel’s expression suddenly became serious. 
Ian continued to speak. “But the look in your eyes was simply too pure and innocent. Because you looked at me like that and treated me as your last hope to cling to, I had suddenly found a reason to live.” 
His words astounded Joel. 
Since he was a child, what his uncle had said to him the most was that he must excel and take over the Smith Corporation. And once he inherited the company, Ian would give up on living. 
For Joel, that was the most psychologically tormenting period of his life. 
He’d thought that his uncle had nothing to live for anymore because the Smith Corporation, the company that his uncle cared about the most, had found a successor.
But as it turned out! 
He was the one whom his uncle had cared about? 
While he was thinking about it, Ian said, “Later, I handed over the Smith Corporation to you. Seeing how you’d grown up and your ability to stand on your own, I felt that there was no reason for me to live anymore.” 
“Dad!” 
Joel’s eyes suddenly reddened. 
Ian said, “Then, Nora came back. It was only when she told me that there are a lot of people after her life and she may not have much longer to live anymore, that I finally found another reason to live. Even then, I still didn’t know how to treat her well. I’d never taught her, never watched her grow up. I didn’t know what she liked or disliked, either…” 
Joel thought of how Ian had accompanied him as he did his homework in the past. When he couldn’t complete his tasks, Ian would reprimand the tutor for giving him too much homework. 
When he was playing, although Ian didn’t play with him, he always sat nearby. Sometimes, he did work in the study instead, but when Joel occasionally glanced over, he would see Ian standing in front of the window looking at him. 
In the past, he’d felt that his uncle was too cold and aloof and only cared about his work. But in this instant, it was as though he was suddenly looking at those memories from a different perspective, allowing Joel to see what was truly on the other side. 
He held Ian’s hand.
Ian said, “Joel, I’ll ask you one last time, have you given careful thought to that account? You are a sensitive and introverted child who’d always rather make himself suffer just to make me happy. I want to hear the truth from you now!” 
Joel gave a wry smile. 
He understood now, Ian hadn’t given Nora the account. He might have just told her the information from the group instead. He was clearly among the people whom Ian cared about. 
Joel’s expression became resolute. “I’m sorry, Dad, I misunderstood you. Let’s give that account to Nora! I’m saying this with full sincerity. Neither you nor I was with Nora when she was growing up. This is the only thing we can give to her now. With this, hopefully, she will have an easier journey in the future.” 
Ian frowned. “Are you sure? If you give it to her, the Smith Corporation may never reach the height you aspire to bring it to.” 
Ian understood Joel. 
He was an ambitious and capable man. Under his leadership, the Smith Corporation had prospered day by day and become even more brilliant than when it was still in the hands of Ian. 
Joel wanted even greater glory and wanted to create his own business empire, so he had been working hard all these years. 
He would only succeed with the help of the account. 
Joel smiled. This time, his smile was happy and reassured, and also liberated and determined. “Yes, I’m very sure.” 
He knew exactly what he had given up.
As soon as he said that though, Nora walked into the living room and asked hesitantly, “What are you so sure about?”
###Chapter 798
As soon as Nora spoke, Ian and Joel looked at each other. Joel was about to reply when a young and tender voice piped up. “Is there any for Cherry?” 
The three children entered one after another, all of them looking at Ian and Joel eagerly. 
Ian: “…” 
Joel: “…” 
There was only one account in the family, but there were three of them. How were they going to split it? 
Joel didn’t think that much, though. He was about to speak when Ian coughed and said, “Of course there is. I was saying that I plan to give your mother a villa. If you want one, then you kids can have one each!” In front of the children, Ian didn’t want to seem like he didn’t have enough to spare, so he decided to have a private chat with Nora alone later instead. He wasn’t going to tell the children about the account. 
Besides, if possible, Ian wanted Nora to eventually give Pete the account. 
It wasn’t that he was partial to Pete-his personal favorite was most definitely Cherry. After all, he was still watching her live-streams every day! 
He was the number one patron of Cherry’s live-streams! 
However, he didn’t want Cherry to be a businesswoman. It was too tiring. As a girl, she should just relax and make money without doing anything. It would do as long as she was happy. 
Hard and tiring tasks like running a business should just be left to Pete. After all, Pete was brought up by Justin, so he definitely had the talent to do business. 
As for Xander… Ian didn’t have much of an impression of him yet, so he didn’t know what he liked or disliked, or what he was good at. They still had a lot of years to come, though, so he would just wait and
see. 
When Ian interrupted Joel, after a moment’s thought, the young man immediately understood that Ian didn’t want his image of an almighty grandfather to be ruined in front of the children, so he simply changed the subject altogether. He said, “You’re finally here, Nora. Why don’t you spend some time chatting with Dad? I’ll go to the kitchen and make you guys my signature beef steak. Nora, how do you like your steak?” 
Nora was silent for a moment before she said, “I prefer Hamburgs.” 
“Then I’ll make you Salisbury steak.” 
After saying that, Joel really went into the kitchen. 
Nora stared at him from the back. When she thought of what Celine told her in the company, the corners of her lips rose a little, seemingly having realized something. 
While she was thinking about this, over at the other side, Cherry was already sitting on Ian’s lap and was in the midst of another crazy bout of flattery. She said, “Grandpa, why do you look so young? If you go out with us, people would easily believe me even if I say that you’re my daddy!!” 
The corners of Xander’s lips spasmed a little. He couldn’t stand Cherry being a bootlicker at all, so he said dryly, “Why don’t you just call him your elder brother?” 
Cherry pouted. “No way, how old would Mommy have to be for her to give birth to someone who’s Grandpa’s age?!” 
Cherry loved her mom the most, so she absolutely must not make Mommy look old just to make her grandfather look young! 
Xander: “?”
Pete couldn’t help but hold his forehead, feeling like his sister was quite an unbearable sight to behold. 
Ian, however, laughed out loud and patted Cherry’s head. He said, “I don’t need to look as young as your father, either. I’m alright with just being the youngest-looking grandfather! My little Cherry is so adorable, she will definitely be the belle of the ball when she grows up!” 
Cherry nodded. “Of course! I look a lot like Mommy. Since Mommy is so pretty, I definitely won’t look bad, either!” 
Nora, who had never participated in their chat but was constantly a part of it: “…” 
That little bootlicker. 
Nora made a dry remark inwardly. Then, she got up and entered the kitchen. 
Joel was slicing the beef. When he saw her, he smiled at her. In those usually-smiley eyes behind the glasses was a smile a little more sincere than usual. 
Nora said, “Joel…” 
Before she could finish, Joel said gracefully, “Nora, nice timing. I happen to have something that I wanted to apologize to you for.” 
He straightened his back and said, “Mindy, my executive assistant, has probably created some trouble for you. How much damage did she do? I’ll compensate you for it. Has Mindy’s mistake reached the point of no return, though? If it hasn’t, then on my account, can you forgive her this once?” 
Nora was a little dumbfounded.
She had been planning to cautiously and indirectly warn Joel about his subordinatesafter all, since the day she had first met him, there had always been a sense of distance between her and her elder brother. 
Moreover, Joel kept his thoughts so deeply hidden that sometimes even she couldn’t tell what her elder brother was thinking. 
Unexpectedly, he was being so direct and straightforward with her today? 
The surprise rendered her speechless for a while. This wasn’t quite what she had been expecting! 
It felt as if Joel had been hiding behind a plastic film the whole time, but he had now stepped out and was truly standing in front of her. 
Joel misunderstood Nora’s hesitation. He asked, “Are the losses very heavy? Or did you lose some talented people? If it is very serious, then I definitely won’t cover up for her…” 
Nora hurriedly replied, “No, it’s nothing.” 
Mindy’s actions hadn’t actually done her any harm. On the contrary, it had made Celine develop a sense of guilt and loyalty to her. For Nora, this was just a trivial matter. 
When she briefly recounted the incident with Celine, Joel sighed and said, “Mindy likes to engage in psychological warfare. Don’t worry, if she ever dares to do it again, I definitely won’t let her off easily. This time, let me make amends with this steak instead!” 
Nora found Joel rather strange today. 
However, she liked this feeling very much, so her almond-shaped eyes curved a little and she said, “Then you’d better make it delicious, Joel.”
Joel looked up at her. As the two of them looked at each other, they both started laughing After that, when Tanya and Mia returned home from school, the family enjoyed a pleasant dinner together. 
While eating, Xander kept looking at Mia. 
The small and frail Mia, who was dainty even when she ate, asked in a small voice, “Xander, why do you keep looking at me? Is there something on my face?” 
“No,” Xander answered seriously, “It’s just that Pete keeps talking about you, so I wanted to see what you look like. It’s not like you’re cuter than Cherry!” 
Mia: “…” 
Thwack! 
Nora gave Xander a light pat on the head. “Watch what you say, young man. It’s not very gentlemanly telling a girl she isn’t cute!” Xander stuck out his tongue. “She looks okay, it’s just that she’s not quick- witted enough and she looks very listless. Of course she’s not as cute as Cherry!” 
The shrewd and clever Cherry stuck out her tongue. “Stop talking, Xander. Mia is just more modest than me! Isn’t that right, Pete?” 
Pete was eating calmly. He glanced at Miaas she was not used to being in the spotlight, she was staring at them timidly with her doe-like eyes. He immediately changed the subject and said, “Yeah, you’re too lively. Cut down on dissing people when you play games tonight.” 
At the mention of her games, Cherry immediately looked at Ian and said, “Grandpa, I’m having a live- stream tonight! Come and watch!”
###Chapter 799
Cherry’s mouth was stuffed, so her cheeks were bulging. Her big eyes were full of anticipation as she said, “My live-streams are really fun!” 
Ian: “…” 
Cherry went on. “Plus, I have a Sponsor Grandpa in my live-stream who’s my number one fan. Will you come and tip me?” 
Ian swallowed a piece of meat and coughed. As Nora and Joel looked over with knowing looks, he coughed again and said, “Sure, I’ll come to cheer you on tonight!” 
“Yay! I knew Grandpa loves me the most! It’s just a pity that Daddy is not at home, otherwise, he would also have come. Sigh!” 
Speaking of Justin, Cherry couldn’t help but look at Nora. “When is Daddy coming back?” 
The table instantly fell silent. 
None of the Smiths dared to say anything, seemingly afraid that they would make Nora sad. 
On the contrary, it was Nora who suddenly raised her head and looked at everyone in confusion, not quite sure what was wrong. Then, she lowered her head again and resumed eating 
Everyone was speechless. 
After everyone finished eating, Tanya looked at Nora hesitantly and said, “Nora, um… My condolences.” 
Nora: “?” 
She was a little confused. “Huh?” 
Tanya spoke again. “Um, about Justin…”
Only then did Nora suddenly realize something. “Oh, I forgot that Justin is dead.” 
No wonder they had all looked at her when Cherry mentioned her father just now. She forgot that Justin had faked his death. 
A slightly chagrined Nora smacked her forehead. 
In novels, they never let the heroine know about fake death plots. Why was Justin so unreliable even for something as simple as this? She had to constantly keep in mind that he was “dead”. 
Nora sighed silently. “I’m so sad.” 
After saying that, she speared a piece of steak and put it into her mouth. Then, she speared another piece and put it on Cherry’s plate. “Here, have more!” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Wasn’t she sad? 
Why was she eating so heartily?! 
They then looked at the three children and Nora again, only to see the four of them exchanging looks with one another and then digging into their food happily. 
Nora had already instructed the three little fellows that they mustn’t say in front of outsiders that their father was still alive. 
Everyone: “…” 
After the meal, Nora went upstairs with the four children. Tanya, who had stayed behind to direct the servants in cleaning up, couldn’t help but look at Joel. She said, “I heard that some people stop feeling
sad when they become too sad. Nora probably hasn’t recovered yet! She may not know what death really means, sigh! Some people suffer a whole year before they truly recover.” 
Joel also frowned. He asked, “Should we get Nora a therapist?” 
“Will that be too much fanfare?” 
Tanya was a little hesitant. “Besides, Nora is a doctor herself, and an all-around one at that.” 
Joel became a little troubled. 
Ian, who was listening from the side, said, “No, it’s not necessary. I think this is pretty good. If she can’t live just because her lover died, then she’s not worthy of being my, Ian Smith’s, daughter!” 
Tanya and Joel: “?” 
Both of them had question marks all around their heads. Then, they looked at him in unison. 
Who was the one who wanted to die all the time back then?! Just because Yvette was dead?! 
Ian didn’t get the look in the couple’s eyes at all. He merely said, “Alright, Joel, come on, let’s take care of our business.” 
Joel nodded. When the three of them went upstairs, Tanya was still thinking to herself that Nora must be thoroughly heartbroken. 
Nora had always been like that. When they were living abroad, among the group of parents searching for their missing children, she had seemed to be the one in the best mental condition.
In truth, though, she was awfully broken deep down. Once she set her mind on something, she stuck with it for a lifetime. 
It seemed that Tanya would have to find an opportunity to have a chat with her. 
With that in mind, Tanya entered Nora’s bedroom. The four children were playing, so the place was very lively. Tanya said, “Nora, Dad and Joel want you to meet them in the study. They said they have something to talk to you about.” 
Nora nodded, left the four children to Tanya, and headed to the study. 
As soon as she entered, she saw Joel and Ian sitting upright on the sofa with serious expressions on their faces. They looked at her. After she entered, Joel got up to confirm that no one was outside. It was only after he got someone to stand guard at the door that he finally closed it. 
It went to show just how important this matter was that the two of them were about to bring up. 
Even Nora couldn’t help but straighten her back. She felt as if what Ian and Joel were going to talk about might be a matter of life and death for the Smiths! 
Otherwise, why would they be so secretive about it? 
While she was thinking about it, Ian said, “Nora, it’s like this. In order to guarantee that Joel has absolute control in the company, I’ve given 51% of my shares to him, so there’s only less than 20% left for you and the children. Joel feels that you are getting too little.” 
The bland topic made Nora yawn, and she felt a little sleepy. “It’s already a lot. It’s not like I do any work there.” 
Her words made Ian choke and he looked at Joel.
Joel said with a smile, “In addition to the shares, the Smiths have another important inheritance. Since Dad has shown partiality toward me in the shares, then let’s give the account to you instead!” 
Nora was taken aback. “What account are you talking about?” 
Joel lowered his voice and said mysteriously, “You heard us talking about the Imperial League the other time, right?” 
Nora: “!” 
Joel went on. “Dad also mentioned it the other time, he had spent a lot of effort back then to join the Imperial League group. In the group, people share business information with one another and you can get information there earlier than anywhere else in the market. You should understand the significance of the account, right?” 
“… Yeah, I do.” 
Joel nodded and looked at Ian. “So, Dad’s account will be handed over to you. Now, I’m going to tell you the Imperial League’s rules and regulations.” 
Ian nodded and took out his cell phone with a very grave look on his face. 
His behavior made Nora feel like they might be performing some kind of sacrificial ceremony. 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “It’s fine.” 
Ian sighed. “I know, you don’t want to take advantage of Joel, either. This account is indeed more valuable than any amount of shares. Just share the really important information with him in the future and it’ll do.” 
Joel also nodded. “Nora, you don’t need to feel awkward about this.”
Nora replied, “… I’m not feeling awkward. I just don’t need the account.”
###Chapter 800
Chapter 800 I Have An Account Too 
She didn’t need it? 
Joel sighed. “I know that your focus is all on medical research and that you have never thought about doing business, so this account may just be something that’s nice to have but not a necessity for you, but in the future…” 
Nora pressed her lips together. 
To be honest, they were not allowed to reveal anything about the account to outsiders. 
It was an Imperial League rule that no one, except for the successor, was allowed to be privy to its existence. 
Therefore, those few subordinates of Joel’s were only aware that an incredible commercial account existed, but they didn’t know what kind of account it really was, or what organization it was part of. 
Additionally, their family’s situation was also a special one-Joel and Nora were both Ian’s successors. That was why they were laying out everything and talking about it. 
Even Tanya was not qualified to be a part of this meeting 
Thus, Nora hadn’t immediately explained everything clearly in the beginning. 
But judging from what Joel and Ian were saying, if she didn’t make things clear, then she would have to accept the account? 
Nora held her forehead. 
She didn’t want it.
By then, she had also figured out why Mindy wanted to take action against her. As it turned out, it was precisely for the account! 
She interrupted Joel and said, “I also have an account there.” 
IIII 
The room suddenly fell silent. 
Ian and Joel looked at her, both stunned and puzzled. 
A brief moment later, Joel finally coughed and said, “Nora, you don’t have to make things up and say that you have an account just to reject 
me…” 
Ian was also taken aback, but he seemed to understand something and asked, “Is Justin also in the group? Did he leave his account to you? That shouldn’t be, though. If he was in there, why didn’t he say anything when King was selling his shares the other time” 
Seeing that the two of them were so flabbergasted, Nora had no choice but to tell the truth. “Cough, what I mean is… I have one of my own.” 
This time, the two men became even quieter. 
A short while later, Ian took out his cell phone, opened up the group chat, and asked, “Who are you?” 
“Cat.” 
Ian: “…” 
Joel: “…”
The two men were stunned. 
They looked at Nora in unison. After a while, Ian asked, “How did you join the group?” 
“King added me.” 
Nora didn’t understand either. “So I became part of the group just like that.” 
Ian couldn’t believe it at all. “That’s it? So simple?” 
“Yeah.” 
Ian: “…” 
He felt like his worldview had been severely impacted! 
Back then, in order to join the group, he had fought and struggled abroad for so many years. On top of that, it was only after he developed the Smith Corporation so well in the country that he finally qualified for an evaluation. 
Additionally, one needed at least two referrals to join the group… One shouldn’t be fooled by the seemingly small number. There weren’t even that many people in the world who knew of the Imperial League’s existence, let alone know who was in 
it? 
It was only by a stroke of serendipity, as well as his own capabilities, that Ian managed to get two people to recognize his worth. After the referrals, he had gone through another three years of probation before he finally joined the group! 
Yet Nora had been directly invited into the group by King?
The corners of his lips spasmed and he could only sigh silently. “You outdo even me, Nora.” 
Joel also nodded. “That’s amazing, Nora.” 
Nora smiled and said, “Therefore, I don’t need the account. Let’s just return it to Joel!” 
Ian had actually given Joel the account long ago. It was just that when Ian regained motivation to live on for Nora’s sake after her return to the family, Joel had returned the account to him. 
Ian handed over the account to him once more. “Since your sister already has one, then I will give this back to you! The password is still the same.” 
The password was still the same. 
Whenever Joel needed to, he could log in to check the news in the group at any time. 
When Joel heard this, a touch of tenderness flashed across his bottomless eyes again. 
Ian genuinely loved his adopted son. 
He didn’t stand on ceremony anymore, he nodded and said, “Got it.” 
After the matter about the account was settled, Ian looked at Nora. After thinking for a while, he finally asked, “Nora, what are your plans for the future?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What?” 
Ian hesitated for a moment before he finally said, “The Hunts were in a stormy situation some time ago, so I didn’t bring it up then. But you and Justin are only engaged, not married. To put it bluntly, he is just your lover…”
“He’s my fiancé.” For some reason, Nora didn’t want Ian to call him her lover, so she corrected him. 
Ian paused for a moment and then spoke again. “He’s ultimately just your fiancé. You have to look forward in life… If you want to find another…” 
“No, it’s fine.” Nora interrupted him and said, “I don’t have time for that.” 
She then said, “If there’s nothing else, then I’ll get going.” 
“Okay, you can go first if you have something up.” 
By the time Ian finished, Nora had already left. 
After she left, Joel mused for a moment before he finally said, “Dad, I think Nora really has feelings for Justin.” 
Ian sighed. “Yeah.” 
After a short silence, he said, “Everyone in our family is very devoted when it comes to love. You and Tanya have reunited as lovers, so I won’t say anything about that, but Nora… I wish she would be more fickle and avoid going down the same path I did.” 
Yvette was the only one in Ian’s eyes all his life, but he had only really spent two short years with her. 
For the twenty-six years, eight months, and three days that came after, he had been all alone. 
He’d also thought about looking for another woman, but none of them could compare to her. Even if they were better than her in a certain aspect, in his eyes and in his heart, they still weren’t as good as her. 
He’d also thought about making concessions, but in the end, he simply couldn’t.
He had already tasted the pain, loneliness, and reclusiveness of being devoted to love. Thus, when he initially found out that Nora might have another lover, despite his surprise, Ian had been relieved. 
He’d rather his daughter be a little more fickle in love than have her be like him and suffer the pain of love because of someone. 
At first, he had been disapproving of Nora’s relationship with Justin because the elderly Mrs. Hunt didn’t like his daughter, so he didn’t want her to suffer any grievances. Later, it was because he was afraid that his daughter would sink too deeply into the relationship. 
The deeper one loved, the more painful it would be when they got hurt. 
However, Justin was simply too outstanding. He visited the Smiths, again and again, proving to Ian his love for Nora. Toward the end-in fact, when they got engaged—Ian had already accepted him deep down. 
Who knew that he would suddenly die at such a young age, though? 
He’d deliberately used the word “lover” to mislead himself and Nora so that the latter wouldn’t be overly concerned. So what even if the children were also part of the Hunts? 
Nora and Justin were not married! 
She still had the freedom to look for another 
man. 
But judging from Nora’s stance, it looked like she didn’t plan on looking anymore… 
While Ian was feeling troubled over his daughter’s future, the door suddenly opened and Cherry came in. She said, “Grandpa, I’ve started my live-stream! Come on in!”

###Chapter 801
Ian: “?” 
Cherry was already standing in front of him and took out her phone. “Grandpa, I’m livestreaming. You have to download the app first… Eh? You already have this app. Don’t tell me you watch other people’s livestream too?” 
Cherry immediately felt aggrieved. “Then why don’t you look at mine?!” 
Ian: “!” 
Cherry was furious. “You must have gone to watch someone else’s livestream. You actually don’t like me. I’m angry!” 
Ian: “…” 
Cherry sounded angry as she opened his app with a stern expression. “I want to see who Grandpa looks at every day. Is she cuter than me?” 
Ian: “…As cute as you.” 
Cherry’s fingers froze as she pursed her lips. “Grandpa, you’re really biased. You think those wild flowers outside are cuter than me! Boohoo, you must have been seduced by some little vixen!” 
Ian touched his forehead. “Who did you learn to speak like this from?”. 
Cherry: “Xander! He said that all the boys find the wild flowers outside more alluring! That’s why Pete keeps mentioning Mia. However, I’ve already corrected Xander. Mia isn’t a wild flower, she’s a family flower. She’s our family!” 
Cherry was very loyal.
Mia had long been included in the family. 
Ian: “…” 
Cherry opened the live-stream app. When she logged in, she was still asking, “Grandpa, then who’s cuter, Mommy or the streamer you like?” 
Ian: “…” 
How could he compare his niece and daughter? 
He was stumped by Cherry’s question. He was about to say something when he heard Cherry say angrily, “Don’t say they’re equally cute!” 
Ian: “…” 
He touched his forehead. “Look at the streamer I’m following first.” 
“No, no, no!” Cherry whined deliberately. “Answer my question first. I’ll look at it later!” 
Ian secretly looked outside for Nora and then whispered, “I think this girl is cuter than your Mommy!” 
Cherry: “!!” 
Her eyes were wide open like dark grapes as she shouted, “Grandpa, you’re so bad! How can there be anyone more adorable than Mommy?” 
She shouted angrily, “I want to see who it is!” 
With that, she logged in to the app. She glanced at the ID and saw the words “Sponsor Grandpa”. 
Cherry: “?”
Her first reaction was: “Grandpa, your name is the same as my number one supporter!” 
Then, she saw that Ian had hundreds of thousands of fans too. They were all famous for tipping Cherry. After all, people who could tip millions at once were very famous on the live-stream app. 
However, Ian only followed one person. 
Cherry opened it and was stunned when she saw her photo. 
She suddenly looked up. “Sponsor Grandpa?” 
Ian nodded helplessly. 
Cherry: “!!” 
She blinked and suddenly understood. Her face immediately blossomed with joy. “So you’re my Sponsor Grandpa! Grandpa, you’re too good to me!” 
Ian was about to be smug when he heard her say with a stern face, “But! How can you say that I’m cuter than Mommy? Of course Mommy is the cutest and most beautiful! No one can compare to Mommy, not even me!” 
Ian: “!” 
The child’s praise for her mother had really reached the peak! 
Ever since she learned that Ian was her Sponsor Grandpa, Cherry called him even more affectionately in the live-stream. 
“Grandpa, another plane! I want to see a plane!”
A plane floated past the live-stream. 
Cherry continued to play her game. “Grandpa, if I kill all four of them, spam a row of 666s for me!” 
After the fourth kill, hundreds of comments with 666 rewards flew past Cherry’s game screen. 
Everyone in the live-stream realized. 
In the past, sweetcherry did not really want gifts. Even when her Sponsor Grandpa gave her too many gifts, she would stop him. But now, sweetcherry had changed! 
Someone below said: 
“For some reason, I don’t like this attitude of wanting gifts. I can give it to you, but if you ask me for it, I’d like you less and less. I wonder if Sponsor Grandpa feels the same?” 
“Same here. I keep feeling that sweetcherry doesn’t treat us as outsiders today. Besides, isn’t that Sponsor Grandpa’s temper too 
good?” 
“Is sweetcherry short of money? She actually took the initiative to ask for tips today?” 
“What a wonder! Isn’t asking for a gift too straightforward? Other streamers are very vague. Sweetcherry is too blatant!” 
There was a flurry of discussions below. Cherry occasionally saw it and pursed her lips. She replied, “He’s my grandfather. What’s wrong with me wanting gifts from him?” 
Everyone began to mock her.
“Is he your biological grandfather? He’s only called a grandfather if it’s biological. Do you really think that calling him Grandpa a few times will make you the granddaughter of a wealthy family? Will he acknowledge you?” “That’s right. The child is so young. She probably can’t tell the difference! Her parents don’t care either.” 
Of course, not everyone spoke against sweetcherry. Among the many comments, there were not many discordant ones, so Cherry did not notice. 
However, this matter reached the old madam’s ears. 
After Mrs. Hunt learned that Cherry was live-streaming and that Justin did not mind, she did not care either. It was fine as long as her child was pampered. At this moment, no one knew that Mrs. Hunt was also in Cherry’s live-stream. 
Cherry had seen too many of those bad comments and did not care about them. However, Mrs. Hunt did not understand them. Especially when Cherry called him ‘Grandpa’ so affectionately, it made Mrs. Hunt angry. She simply walked over to the villa. 
At this moment, Nora was considering what kind of excuse to make to go to Switzerland and look for the V16. She planned to set off within two days. She had taken care of the mess Justin had left in the country. Even without her, the company could still operate fine. 
She could not delay finding the gene serum for Xander. 
At this moment, Mrs. Hunt entered. When she saw that Nora was lying on the bed, she immediately felt angry and said, “Nora! Why are you lying on the bed again?” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and got up. “What’s wrong?”
Seeing that she still had not stopped being lazy, Mrs. Hunt was so angry that she did not know what to say. However, she still said, “Hurry up and control Cherry! It’s bad enough that she keeps calling an outsider ‘Grandpa’ in the live-stream, but she also keeps asking for gifts! Our family doesn’t lack money! Why is she making a fool of herself in front of outsiders? I’ll give her whatever she needs!” 
Nora: “”
###Chapter 802
Calling an outsider Grandpa? 
Nora knew that Cherry had a loyal fan on her live-streams. He was her Sponsor Grandpa. However, she knew that Cherry had never been a child who did not know her limits. 
She could not possibly ask for things from a fan unless it was someone she was familiar with. 
Familiar person… After some thought, Nora had a guess. She said, “Let’s go and take a look.” 
With that, she turned and went to Cherry’s room. 
Cherry’s live-stream was a little noisy, so she rarely stayed by her side during the live-stream. 
On the way to Cherry’s room, Mrs. Hunt glanced at Nora, who was expressionless. She thought about it and explained, “I don’t mind that Cherry is embarrassing us. I just feel that your father will be unhappy if he hears her calling an outsider ‘Grandpa’ like this.” 
She was making up for her harsh words just now. 
Someone like Mrs. Hunt cared a lot about the Hunts’ image in the outside world. How could she not care that Cherry wanted something from others? 
However, when she thought about how this old madam had always been arrogant to her in the past, and now, she actually explained it to her, Nora decided to tolerate her. 
There was always progress. 
With this in mind, the two of them arrived at Cherry’s room. 
Nora knocked on the door. After opening the door, she looked at Cherry and pointed at her phone. Cherry understood and said, “Mommy, wait for me just a minute. It’s the last team battle! I can push the
crystal if I win the team battle!” Nora nodded and walked to the sofa beside her. 
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
She looked at Nora and felt that as a mother, she was really spoiling her child too much. She was here to chat with her but she had to wait for her to finish this round? 
Although Mrs. Hunt was dissatisfied, when she thought of how Justin pampered Cherry even more, she could not say anything to criticize her. She could only sit on the sofa with Nora unhappily. 
Cherry said that one could push the crystal if they won the team battle. However, in this group battle, the two sides were in a draw and there was only one person left. Therefore, they were still a little late, causing the game to be extended for a full 15 minutes. 
Mrs. Hunt was gradually getting impatient from waiting. She turned around and glanced at Nora, but she saw that she was already leaning against the sofa again. Had she fallen asleep? 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
However, Cherry was still talking. “Grandpa, do you think I have to fight for another 15 minutes? Hmph, that’s impossible! I’ll definitely end the battle in five minutes!” 
“What if it doesn’t end? Play with you for three hours? There’s nothing wrong with that! But what if I win? What are you going to give me?” 
“A sports car? No, I already have a sports car! Dad bought it for me! … What do I want? I don’t really need anything. You’re buying me a million-dollar gift? It’s a little small. I want two million dollars!” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
Her expression changed.
Play for three hours? Is this what a serious girl should be saying? Cherry was only so old but she was already being led astray. 
She coughed and woke Nora up beside her. 
Nora rubbed her eyes and looked at Cherry. She asked, “What time is it?” 
Cherry was anxious. She had fun with the team battle and pushed the other party’s crystal. “I want it to end quickly. Mommy is getting anxious. Also, Grandpa, I won! Don’t shower me with gifts yet, wait until next time! Bye-“ 
After saying that, she ended her live-stream. Then, she looked at Nora and Mrs. Hunt and asked, “Mommy, what’s wrong?” 
Nora yawned. “Your Sponsor Grandpa…” 
Before she could finish, Mrs. Hunt interrupted her. “Cherry, you have to stay away from that Sponsor Grandpa in the future!” 
Cherry was puzzled. She tilted her head and asked, “Why?” 
Mrs. Hunt immediately said, “Because he’s not a good person, of course!” 
Cherry: “?” 
Mrs. Hunt said, “Everyone you know on the Internet is bad. Look, he keeps sending you gifts. He must have ulterior motives!” 
Cherry shook her head. “No, my Sponsor Grandpa is not. He…”
“What?” Mrs. Hunt’s face turned cold. “Look at the request he made to you. What do you mean by accompanying him for three hours if you can’t win? You’re the daughter of the Hunts, how can you play with him? Who does he think he is?” 
With that, she could not help but say, “You haven’t even played with me for three hours!” 
She sounded a little jealous. 
Cherry: “?” 
She blinked. “But Grandpa, he…” 
“Grandpa? What Grandpa? I think he’s a cheat! Cherry, I don’t to you live-streaming, but you have to be careful about your words and actions, okay? Besides, he’s not your mother’s father. Why are you calling him Grandpa so affectionately?” 
Cherry: “He’s…” 
“In short, you have to cut ties with this Sponsor Grandpa. The children of Hunts can’t ask for a gift from others! I’m telling you, other than your own elders, you can’t accept money from anyone else! Okay?” 
Cherry: “…” 
She blinked her big black grape-like eyes and looked at Nora pleadingly. “Mommy…” 
Her great-grandmother would not give her a chance to speak! 
However, when she shouted this, Mrs. Hunt scolded her even more fiercely. “It’s useless even if you call your Mommy. Your Mommy can’t just listen to you! Let me tell you this, it’s impossible! Delete all the contact details of your Sponsor Grandpa immediately! Return the money for the tips. You can’t ask for anything from him anymore!” Cherry: “…”
However, Nora laughed out loud. That smile was very faint, but it made Mrs. Hunt angry immediately. “Nora, what are you laughing at? Am I wrong?” 
The old lady was a little angry and began to speak without restraint. “Grandpa Grandpa Grandpa! You called him so affectionately but your real Grandpa never gave you any tips! I’m your great-grandmother. Even I tipped you!” 
Cherry was stunned. “Huh?” 
“What?” Mrs. Hunt said. “Look at your daily rankings. I’m fourth on it! I gave you tens of thousands of dollars for fun but your biological grandfather didn’t come to support you! Hmph. Cherry, haven’t you seen clearly? Even if your surname is Smith, you’re still a child of our family. So be good. Let’s change your surname, okay?” 
Nora: “…” 
Mrs. Hunt had always had a grudge against Cherry for having the surname Smith. She finally had a chance to tempt Cherry. 
Nora chuckled and looked at Cherry. “Listen to your great-grandmother. Return all the money to Grandpa. Yes, and tell him not to give you anything in the future.”
###Chapter 803
Cherry blinked. “Okay!” 
When Mrs. Hunt heard this, she was stunned. “Wait, what did you say?” 
Could it be that… 
“Sponsor Grandpa is Grandpa!” 
Cherry’s words stunned Mrs. Hunt even more. “Huh?” 
Cherry explained word by word, “Grandpa is Sponsor Grandpa, that’s why he gave me so many gifts! Great-grandma, can’t I take anything Grandpa gives me in the future?” 
The little girl looked up with a very serious expression. Her face was identical to Pete’s, but it was filled with cunning and intelligence. She tilted her head. “Is that so?” 
Mrs. Hunt’s heart skipped a beat. 
She was not belittling Ian on purpose. It was just that Cherry was never as close to her as she was to Ian. Even when she called people on the Internet, she called them so affectionately. The way she called him Grandpa was really sweet. 
She was her biological great-grandma. How could she not compare to a fake grandfather? 
In her panic, she had said those things on purpose to say that Ian did not support her because she wanted Cherry to like her more. However, she did not expect to be slapped in the face! 
She immediately said awkwardly, “…Of course not. Ian is your grandfather and your surname is Smith. You can take whatever he gives you.” 
“Yay!”
Cherry looked at her happily. “Great-grandma, Grandpa is No. 1 on my rankings. I think you’re right. Although my surname is Smith, I’m also a member of the Hunts. Therefore, can you reach No. 1 on my rankings too? It doesn’t matter if you can’t reach it, No. 2 is fine too!” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She immediately said, “Of course! I’ll rush to the first rank when I get back!” 
With that, Mrs. Hunt stood up and left in a sorry state. 
After leaving the villa, Fanny could not help but smile. “Look at you. You always say that you want to hand over the company to Miss Smith, but you just can’t stay idle every time and worry. Actually, Cherry and Nora are much better than we imagined.” 
Mrs. Hunt sighed. “The main thing is that Nora was raised in that sorry state of a family. I heard that she never even went to school. When I think of this, I can’t stop worrying. Especially with Cherry. Look, compared to Pete, Cherry is so much worse. She doesn’t even learn well and plays games every day. She’s the same as that brat Chesty. When she grows up, she’ll be useless too. Pete grew up beside Justin, that’s why he’s different.” 
At the mention of Justin, Mrs. Hunt became a little melancholic. “If Justin was here, he could still correct Cherry and Xander’s habits. But now that he’s gone, what can Nora do for the children? Can she put the children to sleep every day?” 
Fanny sighed silently. 
No matter how unwilling Mrs. Hunt was, she still said, “Actually, Nora is very smart. Although she seems lazy, she still became a genius in medicine. If she was more diligent, she might not be that much worse than Justin.” 
Fanny nodded. “Miss Smith is indeed smart. Look at how she handled the company’s matters this time. She’s very beautiful. Furthermore, after Miss Smith took over the company, everything in the company remained normal. No accidents happened.” 
Mrs. Hunt nodded again. 
Then, she said, “Alright, I’m the one who’s overthinking. I keep feeling that she can’t do it but she’s actually very capable. With the Smiths backing her, she won’t need any advice from an old woman in the future! The only thing I can do is get her to wake up every day to exercise and sleep less. Look at her. She sleeps so much, her body will collapse! When a person lies in bed for a long time, their bones turn soft. Tomorrow, we’ll call her for physical training!” 
Fanny nodded. “Okay. Mrs. Hunt, you’re stubborn but soft-hearted. You’re clearly worried about Miss Smith’s health but you find so many reasons to hide behind.” 
Mrs. Hunt did not speak and followed Fanny forward. “I can’t interfere in her business matters. The only thing I can do is correct her daily life, sigh!” 
Fanny echoed, “You did the right thing. Miss Smith is really pitiful. She didn’t have a mother since a young age and grew up in that kind of family. I heard that she was often locked at home when she was young. I guess she only slept because she had nothing to do. After all, sleeping is the best way to kill time. Ian is a father after all. He definitely can’t say that his daughter is lazy, so no one criticized her after her return. Perhaps she doesn’t know that this state is really too decadent.” 
Mrs. Hunt nodded again. 
Fanny continued, “Fortunately, she met you. You now treat her like your biological granddaughter. I don’t think you care as much about Miss Brenda as you do about Miss Smith!”
The old lady was even more satisfied. “She doesn’t have a mother and the elders in the family can’t interfere. Therefore, there are some things that only I can say…” 
As the two of them chatted, they suddenly bumped into a tall woman in a white coat walking over. She was clearly going to Justin’s villa. 
Mrs. Hunt stopped in her tracks. “Isn’t this Lily? The one who works with Nora?” 
Lily stood still and nodded with a smile. “Hello, Mrs. Hunt!” 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “Why are you here?” 
Lily explained, “I’m here to check on Boss.” 
Mrs. Hunt instantly felt like she had found a bosom friend. “Yes, go take a look quickly. She looks like she doesn’t have enough energy. Let me tell you, it’s definitely because she sleeps for ten hours a day! This is really…” 
She had slept too much, which caused her health to deteriorate. Before she could finish, Lily nodded. “Yes, you’re right! I don’t know what’s wrong with Boss lately. She sleeps for ten hours a day! This is really bad for her health!” 
Mrs. Hunt said, “So she should train more. She sleeps too…” 
Before she could say the word “too much,” Lily interrupted her indignantly. “Yes, you’re right. She sleeps too little!” 
Mrs. Hunt: 
###Chapter 804
Mrs. Hunt was stunned. Then, she heard Lily continue, “With her physical condition, it’s very bad not to sleep 14 hours a day! I really don’t know which idiot keeps disturbing her every day and doesn’t let her sleep. I’ve already checked, the Hunt Corporation doesn’t have that much work for her, and there are very few things that I arrange for her. Tell me, why is she doing this when she’s free to sleep?” 
Mrs. Hunt:  
She was stunned. She said, “I think eight hours of sleep a day is enough. 14 hours? Isn’t that too much?” 
Lily sighed. “Old Madam, an ordinary person would definitely have enough sleep in eight hours, but is Boss a normal person?” 
Mrs. Hunt fell silent. Wasn’t she normal? 
Then, she heard Lily say, “Her body has been weak ever since she was young. Her IQ is ridiculous. She knows learns at once, so it’s very draining. Think about it. She’s the last disciple of Dr. Zabe and is the top surgeon, Anti. She knows almost everything about alternative and western medicine. Furthermore, she’s also a hacker. Most people won’t be able to reach her level of hacking in their entire lives but she is already so capable. 
How many brain cells have to die every day for these things? I’ve studied it before. Her brain cell reproduction speed is double that of a normal person. Therefore, if she can’t get sufficient sleep, her energy will not be able to keep up and she will become stupid in the future. I really don’t know who has such a grudge against her and wants to harm her?” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She swallowed and said again, “Did you just say that she has extraordinary intelligence?”
“That’s right,” Lily said. “Boss is very smart and has incredible IQ, almost the highest among humans. Otherwise, why do you think Pete is so smart?” 
At this point, she thought that Mrs. Hunt might not understand, so she said, “You don’t understand, right? Let me explain to you. Men have XY chromosomes and women have XX. The IQ gene is on the X chromosome. A boy’s Y chromosome is inherited from the father while the X comes entirely from the mother. So Pete’s IQ is inherited from Boss.” 
Mrs. Hunt: “!!” 
She felt like her worldview had been refreshed again. 
In the past, she always felt that Pete was indeed Justin’s son because he was so smart at a young age, but as it turned out, it was because of Nora! 
After Lily explained, she said, “Sigh, let’s not talk about this anymore. I’ll go check on Boss first and see if she’s asleep. She hasn’t slept well for a few days. I told her to rest early today.” 
With that, Lily left. 
After she left, Mrs. Hunt swallowed. 
She looked at Fanny in a daze and said, “Did you hear what she just said?” 
Fanny: “…I heard her.” 
Mrs. Hunt said, “So I’m harming her by not letting her sleep? Is it normal for her to sleep so abnormally? Did I do something bad out of kindness?” 
Fanny smiled bitterly. “Seems like it.”
Mrs. Hunt: “…” 
– 
On a cruise ship. 
When Iris and Mrs. Landis were shopping in the luxury store, they saw the waiters in the distance pointing at her. However, when she walked over, those people immediately stopped talking 
Iris frowned, not knowing what was going on. 
There was no cell phone signal on the cruise. The only thing she could contact the outside world with was the satellite phone. However, Philip was afraid that she would contact Justin, so he had not given her a chance to use the satellite phone. 
Recently, Iris’s eyebrows had been twitching. 
She glanced at Mrs. Landis. Mrs. Landis understood what was going on. She took a few steps back and Iris entered the luxurious shop beside her. She began to buy things carefully. 
She did not have to pay for her purchases, of course. In the end, she would settle the bill with Philip. 
Furthermore, this cruise ship belonged to his company. “Wrap this up for me.” 
Iris pointed at the luxurious items and said to the staff. 
The staff was overjoyed. 
They earned commission on how much they could sell. However, the cruise was booked by a single person. They might not make much money from this trip.
Iris was not a person who liked to shop. She only went shopping every day to take a look. It was rare for her to buy so many things today. After Iris finished shopping, Mrs. Landis walked over with a pale face. Her legs were a little weak. It could be seen that something had happened. 
Iris held her and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Mrs. Landis stammered. She swallowed and held Iris’s wrist. “Miss, you, you have to hold on. Just now, they said… said that Mr. Hunt is dead.” 
Iris was a little confused. “Dead? What do you mean? Also, who’s dead? Herman?” 
Mrs. Landis’s eyes turned red as she suddenly cried. “No, it’s Justin. Justin has passed away!” 
Iris’s vision turned dark as if she was struck by lightning. For a moment, she felt that the space around her had twisted. She looked at Mrs. Landis in confusion. “Jus- Justin passed away?” 
Mrs. Landis cried. 
Iris did not cry. Instead, she turned around and walked to the guest room. “I don’t believe you. I want to go back…”
###Chapter 805
Iris looked very calm. 
She walked steadily toward the control room. 
Philip was handling some work matters there. There were many places the consortium needed him to sign. 
At that moment, Jason was standing in front of Philip and saying respectfully, “We have received news from a reliable source. Our people have also gone to New York to take a look. We have confirmed that Justin has indeed passed away.” 
Philip pursed his lips. “King hasn’t contacted us lately, has he?” 
“That’s right.” 
Jason said, “Ever since Justin passed away, King hasn’t asked for our men anymore. I’m guessing that King’s sudden appearance might have been because of Justin. Now that he’s gone, King doesn’t care anymore. Boss, you don’t have anything to be afraid of. Can we go home now?” 
Because King had contacted them, the group of people were hiding on the cruise ship and could not go back. 
Philip was wary of King! 
Now that Justin was gone, there was indeed nothing to worry about. 
Philip’s expression was tense. He suddenly said, “Tell me, how should I tell her about this? How would she accept it?” 
In order to save her son, she, who had always been proud, had lowered her head in front of him.
Because of her son, she willingly trapped herself in a suburban villa for 20 years. Now that her son was dead, what would happen to her? 
At the thought of this, Philip said, “Don’t dock yet.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Jason vaguely understood something. Boss did this because Iris would hear the news when they reached the shore. At that time, she might not be able to take it. 
Moreover, there are too many uncertainties on the shore. 
King’s attitude was ambiguous. What if King immediately came looking for her after reaching the shore and took her away? 
Philip wanted to observe her for a while longer! 
The two of them had just finished talking when Iris suddenly pushed open the door. She looked straight at Philip. “I want to dock. I want to go home.” 
d open the door. She 
Philip and Jason exchanged looks. Jason lowered his head respectfully and went out. 
Only Philip and Iris were left in the room. 
Philip took two steps toward Iris. “Iris, you know about Justin… But it’s useless for you to go home now. The people I sent have already confirmed that his corpse has been burned and buried. There’s no point in you going back now.” 
Iris closed her eyes in despair.
She clenched her fists tightly, her voice trembling slightly. “Let me go back and take a look. I’ll go see him… and Cherry, Pete, Xander. Oh, Nora too. They must be so sad. I want to go back…” 
Philip continued to smile. “Iris, don’t worry. They’re living well. Nora took control of the company and will hand it to his son in the future. You’ve already sacrificed more than twenty years for your son. How many decades can a person have in their life? You abandoned me for 20 years. Now that he’s gone, I’ll accompany you for the next 20 years…” 
“I don’t need you to accompany me!” 
Iris looked at him sadly. “Philip, let me go! They need me now!” 
Philip lowered his eyes. “I told you, he’s already in the coffin. It’s useless even if you go back! Iris, for you, I’ve never done anything to your son. It’s fate that he died in an accident! The universe has handed your future to me. I won’t let go!” 
Iris gritted her teeth and glared at him. “Philip, you pervert! If you don’t let go, I’ll only hate you!” 
“It doesn’t matter if you hate me.” 
Philip looked at her greedily. “Iris, I understand now. Even if you’re not willing, as long as you’re by my side, it’s fine. For the past 20 years, I’ve been considering your feelings. That’s why you and I missed each other for so long. Now, I want to be selfish for once. I want to be selfish for us!” 
Iris was furious and sad. Her words were very hurtful. “Us? You’re selfish for yourself, aren’t you? Philip, you’re crazy!” 
Philip nodded with a smile. “Yes. Even if I’m crazy, you’re the one who drove me crazy. Therefore, Iris, you have to be responsible!”
“You 
!” 
Iris pointed at him, speechless. 
Philip’s expression turned a little cold. He suddenly threw a dagger on the table. The metal clashed loudly. 
Philip said, “Unless you can kill me, don’t even think about leaving.” 
Iris stared at the dagger and suddenly picked it up. She aimed it at Philip’s heart. “I’ll kill 
you!” 
“Kill me then!” Philip laughed. The originally gloomy man had an exotic handsomeness. At that moment, he was even more sinister. There was madness in his eyes. “Leaving you hurts more than death. If you kill me and leave, I won’t feel pain anymore. Come on!” 
He held Iris’s hand and used a little strength. The tip of the knife pierced through his skin. He stared at her. “Can you bear to?” 
Could she bear to? 
At such a close distance, Iris could see that the corners of the man’s eyes had already grown wrinkles. 
They were both old. 
As she was thinking, Philip exerted strength in his hand. The knife stabbed deeper into his chest, and blood gushed out.
The warm blood jolted Iris back to reality. She subconsciously took a step back and let go. The dagger fell to the ground. 
Philip looked at her and laughed out loud. “You can’t do it. You love me deep down! Iris, don’t lie to yourself!” 
Iris looked at the person in front of him. She did not know why he was so stubborn. 
But he was after all someone she had loved sincerely… 
She smiled bitterly and suddenly turned to leave the room. 
After she left, Jason entered and heard Philip instruct, “Don’t dock for the next two months. Use a helicopter for supplies. Also, find the person who leaked the news and throw him off the boat!” 
His eyes were vicious and filled with bloodthirsty killing intent. 
Jason was shocked. 
Wasn’t he killing someone by throwing them off the boat? 
However, he did not dare to resist. He lowered his head and said yes before leaving. 
Philip smiled slightly and narrowed his eyes. 
This was the happiest time of his life. No matter what happened, even if the sky collapsed and the earth exploded, it could not stop him from being with Iris! 
Just as he thought of this, Jason ran in. “Boss, something happened!” 
On the deck.
Philip had just rushed over when he saw Iris standing at the edge. The wind blew her white dress and she looked like she was about to fall into the sea. 
She looked at Philip and said word by word, “I said, I want to go home.”
###Chapter 806
The sea breeze was rustling and whistling. 
Iris’ skirt fluttered as though it was going to take her with it and fly into the air. 
The emaciated woman stood on the edge of the deck, swaying in the wind. It felt like she would lose her balance and fall at any moment. 
Philip’s eyes widened. “Iris, come back here! Come back!” 
Iris looked at him, her eyes resolute and determined. She said firmly, “Let me go home, Or else, I’ll jump down from here!” 
Philip frowned. “Are you threatening me with your life? Even if you jump off, there are doctors on the cruise ship. I won’t let you die! Without my permission, you are not allowed to die!” 
“Really?” 
Iris suddenly smiled. Then, she turned around and jumped down without hesitation! 
The sea was very blue, and it was very windy. 
In the distance, the sky was also very clear. 
In such an environment, among the waves, when the white figure fell into the water, she was quickly swallowed up by the waves and she rose and fell in the sea. 
“Iris!” 
Philip shouted. He dashed forward and jumped into the sea without hesitation! 
Half an hour later.
In a lounge on the ship. 
Philip was wet all over. The seawater made his hair stick to his face and the sticky feeling felt terrible. Even though the heater in the room had been turned up to the max, he still felt awfully uncomfortable. 
He stared at Iris, who was on the bed. 
The woman’s eyes were tightly closed. On her pale visage without even a trace of rosiness, her eyelashes trembled gently. Her body was also shaking because of the cold. 
Even though she was wrapped in a quilt, it couldn’t relieve how cold she was. 
Philip looked at her. 
Iris’ lips moved a little and she slowly said, “Philip, I want to go home.” 
As he stared at her, Philip’s tightly clasped hands tightened and loosened, again and again. A while later, he stood up abruptly and shouted at the door, “Jason!” 
Jason quickly entered. “Boss.” 
Philip’s sinister eyes stared fixedly at Iris, the corners of his lips curling into a mocking arc. He ordered, “Return to shore!” 
Jason was surprised, and he looked at Iris. In the end, he nodded. “Okay.” 
The cruise ship made a U-turn ahead and went straight back the same way it came. 
Philip sat in the room for a long time. He didn’t go for a shower. 
He merely stared at Iris in astonishment until she opened her eyes and glanced at him. Her tone was a little light and her voice pitifully soft.
Her words were clearly so gentle, yet also so cruel. She said, “Philip, aren’t you doing everything you want because you know that I like you, so I won’t bear to kill you? I can also do the same.” 
er 
Philip stared at her in shock. 
This was the first time in so many years that Iris had said that she liked him. 
He was even somewhat crying with joy. His eyes were damp as he stared at her. “Iris, you like me. You admitted it. As I expected, you do like me, right?” 
Iris pulled her hand back and turned her head to look away. 
Philip continued. “Then let’s be together? Your son has already died, so no one can tie you down anymore. Come with me.” 
Iris let out an icy laugh. She looked at him and said, “If you insist on taking me with you, then what you’ll eventually take with you will surely only be my dead body.” 
II 
The room was awfully quiet. One could only hear the waves outside. 
Philip looked at the stubborn Iris. He didn’t understand. 
“Iris, I like you so much, and you also return my feelings. We are in love with each other. Why can’t we be together?”. 
Iris replied, “Perhaps… this is what they mean when they say it’s not meant to be.” 
Sometimes, love was letting go and fulfilling oneself. 
But Philip would never understand the meaning of these words. 
He would never ever understand what it 
meant. 
Iris didn’t want to discuss this with him anymore. She found it pointless. She just wanted to go home now. She wanted to go back to New York and return to the people who needed her. 
Philip looked at her, her cold attitude making him mad as he gritted his teeth. He clenched his fists tightly. After a while, he finally said, “I can let you go back and have a look if that’s what you want, but once you’ve seen them, you must leave with me at once! Iris, I told you, I love you. Even if what I’ll take with me is your dead body, no one can separate us!” 
After saying that, Philip stood up abruptly. After he went out, Jason followed suit. 
Philip looked back at the room. Then, he lowered his eyes and said, “Gather our men at the shore and tell them to wait there. After taking Iris to Justin’s grave, we’ll bring her back immediately.” 
Jason immediately asked, “What if King’s men are also there?” 
Philip narrowed his eyes. “That shouldn’t be the case.” 
He lowered his eyes and said, “No matter what, I still have a bit of status in the Imperial League. Now that Justin is gone, I am the closest to Iris. King likely won’t meddle in our affairs anymore.”
After he said that, a ruthless look formed in his eyes. “But if he insists on meddling, then he can’t blame me for not showing him courtesy anymore!” 
Jason was stunned. He felt that his boss must have lost his mind. To think he dared to resist even King now! In the past, he more or less still had some reservations in his actions but there wasn’t any left anymore. 
But when he saw the bloodthirsty look in his boss’ eyes, he could only nod and leave to make the arrangements. 
As they had been sailing for a few days, it took two full days for them to return. 
Two days later, when Iris saw the coastline in the distance, even her body-which Mrs. Landis was supporting—was trembling slightly. 
She was about to go home. How she wished that the news she had heard was fake. Even now, she still felt like she was in a dream, as though none of this had ever happened; that Justin was not dead but was waiting for her to come home. 
Switzerland. 
In a room somewhere. 
The room was large and the lighting was poor. 
A low and hoarse voice slowly said, “They’re back? That’s quick.” 
Lawrence lowered his head. “Yes, they’ve already disembarked. They’ll be heading to New York soon.” 
“Well, since they’re back, then let’s save Mom.” 
The man opposite him spoke again.
Lawrence nodded. “I’ve already arranged for our men to be there. However, our men ultimately still have to think twice before they act in the country, so they may not be as liberal as Philip’s men. I’m afraid that when the time comes for them to fight it out, accidents may happen.” 
In the shadows, the man with his back to Lawrence fell silent. A while later, he finally said, “Find a way to notify Nora about this. If she is there, she will help.” 
Lawrence sighed. “I’m afraid you’re just trying to delay her from coming to Switzerland, right?! But Boss, considering how smart Ms. Smith is, will she really be unable to guess what you’ve done?” 
The man didn’t answer his question. He merely stood by the dark window for a long time. A while later, he finally turned around slowly. 
At the sight of his current appearance, the startled Lawrence was alarmed. “Boss, you…”
###Chapter 807
New York City, USA. 
Iris stood in front of Justin’s grave and stared at the tombstone in shock. 
The Hunts were actually supposed to be buried in the family cemetery in California after their deaths. By right, his body should have been returned there, after which all of his assets would be split among the inheritors. 
However, Nora had refused to send the body there. 
Instead, she wanted him to stay in New York with her until she died, whereupon the family could then move her and Justin’s graves to California together. 
With those words of hers, Mrs. Hunt had immediately made up her mind to have Justin buried in the cemetery in the outskirts of New York. 
After all, people would be lonely without company after death. 
Justin and Nora weren’t legally married yet, so she was not considered his wife at all. Should Nora meet another man suitable for marriage in the future and remarry, she would not be able to be buried in their family cemetery anymore. 
Now that Nora had said that, how could Mrs. Hunt possibly still make life difficult for her? 
If she could keep Nora in the family and have her protect Pete’s inheritance for him-such that the Smiths and the Hunts would still have a connection to each other-even if she wanted Mrs. Hunt to wait upon her every day, Mrs. Hunt would be willing to do so. 
Therefore, it was a very easy decision for her to have Justin buried in New York.
It was just that when Iris looked at the tombstone in front of her and at Justin’s photo on it… It was an ID photo of him. In the photo, his expression was stern and serious and he didn’t smile. His eyes were cold and there was a beauty mark at the corner of his eye. 
Iris still felt that all of this wasn’t real. 
She shook slightly as she stood there… 
After standing there for some time until Iris’s legs had turned weak, Philip took a step forward and held her hand. “You have already seen him. Now, let’s go!” 
However, Iris remained where she was and said, “I want to go home! Nora and the others need me!” 
Philip’s expression darkened at once. “Iris, you should already count your blessings that I allowed you to come back! Don’t push your luck!” 
But Iris shook her head and said, “Justin is gone but he left behind three children and Nora. I have to go see them and help them get through this difficult time! I need to be with my family!” 
Philip frowned. “I only agreed to let you come back and have a look. I didn’t agree to let you stay. Iris, Justin is already gone. Do you think you can still escape?” 
After he spoke, he grabbed Iris’s wrist! 
Iris lowered her eyes and sneered, “Here in New York, do you think that no one will come and save me just because Justin is gone?” 
She balled up her fists tightly and suddenly looked around her. At once, seven to eight black-clad bodyguards swarmed out and walked towards them.
Philip lowered his gaze when he saw them. He let out a low laugh and said, “I’ve always known that you are no bimbo and that you would definitely build your own forces. You said things like you didn’t want so many people to disturb your son’s peace, so you only allowed me to come here with you… But do you think these few guys can stop me?” 
He clapped. 
The bodyguards who were waiting outside rushed in. 
Fifteen to sixteen men immediately surrounded the seven to eight bodyguards. 
Iris paled. 
She’d originally thought that Philip would not go too overboard. Also, she’d only made use of her son just so she could stay and assist Pete, so even if Justin were to know what she had done, he wouldn’t blame her for disturbing his peace. 
Unexpectedly, Philip had made a backup plan. 
In this regard, she ultimately still couldn’t compare with Philip. 
Iris bit her lip and clenched her fists. 
After the dozen or so men restrained the seven to eight bodyguards, Philip clasped Iris’s shoulders tightly again and said, “Let’s go. Don’t bother seeking death anymore. If you’re dead, all the more you won’t be able to see your grandchildren anymore.” 
Iris wouldn’t seek death in vain, of course! 
She was so mad that she couldn’t say anything
At this moment, a young and tender voice reached her. 
“Grandma! Little Cherry is here to pick you 
up!”
###Chapter 808
When the voice rang out, Philip frowned and turned to look outside. 
He’d initially thought that it must be a large group who had come, but in the end, he only saw Nora walk in leisurely with her three children. 
Philip breathed a sigh of relief. 
Instead, it was Iris who panicked when she saw them. She shouted, “Nora, why did you bring the children here? This has nothing to do with you guys, hurry and leave this place! I don’t want you to accidentally hurt yourselves!” 
Nora’s gait was slow and lazy as if she had to use a lot of strength even just to walk. As she shuffled, she yawned. 
It couldn’t be helped. 
Philip and Iris had come to the cemetery early in the morning. She was usually still asleep at this hour. Although she’d received news that they would be coming over the day before, she couldn’t just go to bed at noon, right? 
In the end, she waited until 8 PM before she went to sleep. After that, she’d woken up at 6 AM, resulting in a lack of sleep. 
She was terribly sleepy. Pete handed her a piece of tissue and said, “Mommy, wipe your tears.” 
Nora took the tissue and casually wiped her eyes. Then, another small hand reached towards her. When she looked down, she found that it was Xander’s. Seeing her lower her head, he looked at the tissue in her hand and said, “I’ll hold it for you.” 
Only after Nora handed Xander the tissue that she’d wiped her tears with did she look ahead of her.
Just as she was about to say something, she couldn’t help but yawn again. 
Pete and Xander: “…” 
Cherry, who had long been accustomed to her behavior, decided to just speak in her stead. 
“Grandma, don’t worry! Pete, Xander, and I won’t get hurt! If that fierce grandpa dares to hit us, then I will get Mommy to smash his butt into pieces!” 
Iris: “…” 
Philip: “…” 
The corners of Philip’s lips spasmed a little and he glanced at Iris. When he saw her staring at him, he said, “You guys can go. I won’t do anything to children.” 
Just like back then, even though Iris had rejected him and chosen to stay in the suburbs of New York because of Justin, he hadn’t taken any action against Justin. 
Iris breathed a sigh of relief when she heard this. She looked at Nora and said, “Nora, stop this and take the children away. Although Philip has said he won’t do anything to the children, it would be terrible if they got hurt.” 
Nora nodded. She looked down at the three children and said, “You three, stand aside.” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
“Okay.” 
“Kay.”
After the three children respectively answered in their own ways, they looked at one another. In the end, they ran to a corner at the side where even if a fight broke out, it probably wouldn’t reach them. 
After they took their positions there, Cherry shouted again, “Grandma, don’t be afraid! We’re here to take you home!” 
Iris: “…” 
Philip: “…” 
The corners of Philip’s lips spasmed again. He looked at Nora and said, “Don’t waste your breath. Do you know how many of my men are waiting outside?” 
As they were coming to America this time, in order to prevent Iris from playing tricks, as well as to prevent Justin’s men from saving Iris, Philip had brought almost a hundred mercenaries with him. 
Upon hearing what he said, Nora rubbed her wrists and picked up her cell phone impatiently to check the time. 
Then, she said, “Relax, it’s almost time.” 
Philip: “?” 
Nora was about to explain when Jason suddenly rushed in and shouted, “Boss, I don’t know why, but New York’s underworld forces are here! We have been surrounded!” 
The underworld forces of New York? 
By right, mercenary and the underworld were two different worlds, they shouldn’t have anything to do with each other. What were New York’s underworld forces doing here?
Even Philip was a little dumbfounded. He looked at Nora in astonishment and asked, “For you to be able to get the underworld forces to do your bidding, how much did you spend?” 
At this moment, people from the Quinn School of Martial Arts also walked in. Behind them was a group of thugs, each with a baseball bat in their hands. They looked just like ruffians and they were led by a thick and muscular Jordan. 
As it was still early, there wasn’t anyone around the area. Coupled with the fact that this was a cemetery, the surroundings were even quieter than usual. 
Jason said, “They are all people from the underworld. Although they didn’t bring firearms with them- probably to avoid accidentally hurting the children-because Ms. Iris had said that cemeteries are sacred ground and we shouldn’t bring firearms here, we didn’t bring any with us this time, either… Also, for some reason, they’re all skilled martial artists. That man named Jordan Hoffman offed Paul Quinlan, a boss from New York’s dark forces, some time ago and is now the new leader of the city’s dark forces. It is said that he owns a car racing club, so by right, he shouldn’t be short of money…” 
Philip took a step forward and asked, “… Mr. Hoffman, I also have some dealings with New York’s underworld forces. Is there some kind of misunderstanding between us?” 
Jordan didn’t want to offend Philip, either, of course. 
Although Philip was not from America, he nevertheless had a lot of influence globally. 
He coughed and replied, “Sorry, Mr. Coleman, but I have no other choice. I owe the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister a favor. Now that she has given the word, I can’t disobey her.” 
Philip had no choice but to look at the people from the Quinn School of Martial Arts. He said, “I have no grievances or feuds with the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Why is Big Sister hostile toward me? Is it
because the Hunts offered you money? How much did they offer you? I can give you double the amount!” 
His gaze landed on Lucas. 
Lucas was known to outsiders as the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ manager. Philip didn’t want to become enemies with the Quinn School of Martial Arts, so he said, “Mr. Lucas, I wonder if that’s okay with you?” 
Philip said, “We have also worked with each other before. Every time I’m in America, I pay the Quinn School of Martial Arts a visit. We can be said to have some ties with each other, so why become enemies?” 
Upon hearing this, Lucas glanced at Nora, coughed, and said, “Um, Big Sister personally gave the order today, so I can’t call the shots here. Mr. Coleman, we don’t wish to become enemies with you, either. As long as you let Madam Iris go, we can still be friends.” 
Big Sister again? 
The Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts was well-known everywhere, but she was too mysterious and was nowhere to be seen. No one knew who she was. 
A curious Philip stepped in front of Iris and asked, “Has Big Sister personally come today? May I know who it is? Can we talk this out properly?” Upon hearing this, Nora yawned again and stepped forward. “What do you want to talk about?”
###Chapter 809
Nora was simply too sleepy and she kept yawning again and again. 
She looked up at Philip and slowly asked, “What do you want to talk about?” 
Her voice was a little hoarse and carried a bit of impatience from having just woken up. 
Philip: “?” 
His brows drew together tightly. 
Jason said, “The one we want to talk to is Big Sister. Ms. Smith, you…” 
But before he could finish, something suddenly dawned on him and he looked at Nora in disbelief. Then, he turned to Philip. “Boss…” 
Philip lowered his gaze, his lips suddenly curling into a smile. 
“I see, Ms. Smith is none other than the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts! No offense, but do you really want to interfere in the affairs between me and Iris?” 
His voice was clear and he spoke in an exceptionally relaxed manner. “There are some misunderstandings between Iris and me, so we are in the midst of a petty lovers’ argument right now. Considering how deeply in love Ms. Smith and Justin are, you should understand, right? You won’t want to split up a pair of lovers, right?” 
Nora looked at Philip and said, “Women have become independent these days. Whether she wants to continue her relationship with you or not, and whether she wants to leave with you or not, is entirely up to my god-S… Aunt Iris to decide.” 
Philip: “?”
Nora raised her eyebrows again. “Release her and I’ll let all of you leave safely. Otherwise, Mr. Coleman, you might as well stay here for the countdown on New Year’s eve.” 
Philip broke into a huge frown. 
Next to him, Jason said, “Boss, we can let her go right now. We’ll just find a way to take her away again in the future.” 
Philip took a deep breath and looked at Iris. 
He’d thought that with the Smiths and the Hunts’ capabilities, they would not be able to keep him here in America. 
Never had he ever imagined that the Quinn School of Martial Arts and New York’s underworld forces would also get involved. If he met them head-on, his hundred or so men would surely be goners. 
Philip was a man who knew how to retreat when he should. 
Yet if he were to let Iris go just like that… He didn’t want to! 
At the side, the three children stood on their tippy-toes as they watched the show. Xander asked, “Will he let Grandma go?” 
Cherry replied, “That fierce grandpa definitely will!” 
Pete nodded. “Yeah, he won’t hurt Grandma.” 
However, Cherry said, “That’s not necessarily true. But since Mommy is here, there definitely won’t be any problem!” 
Pete and Xander: “…”
The three chatted happily. At this moment, a foreign mercenary not far from them suddenly rushed towards them! He stood right in front of the three children, looked at Nora, and threatened, “Let us go! Or else I will kill your children!” 
Nora: “?” 
Everyone raised their eyebrows and looked at Philip reproachfully. 
Iris shouted, “No!” 
She looked at Philip and said angrily, “Philip, is this the moral boundary that you claimed to have? Didn’t you say that you wouldn’t do anything to the children?!” 
Philip didn’t expect this turn of events, either. He clenched his fists and sneered, “You think I ordered him to do that?” 
Iris let out a cold laugh. She wanted to say something but the mercenary at the side had already spoken again. 
“Mr. Coleman, this is the only way we can leave safely. Even if you let that lady go, this group of people is still free to do whatever they want to us!” 
Even if they handed Iris over, it was still entirely up to Nora whether she wanted to let them go or not. 
Philip hated things going out of his control the most. To be honest, the best solution at the moment was to threaten them into letting them go with Iris’ safety, but Philip couldn’t bring himself to do that. 
He narrowed his eyes and looked at the three children blocked by the man. He’d thought that the children would be very panicked and flustered, but unexpectedly, all three of them were very calm.
In particular, Cherry even gestured to themselves and then turned to Pete and Xander and said, “I think he may kidnap me! I’m a girl, so I’m the weakest among us!” 
Philip lowered his gaze. For some reason, even though Cherry looked somewhat like Nora, he instead saw a semblance of Iris on Cherry’s face. 
Even the look in his eyes had softened a little. 
The tense atmosphere had calmed down significantly. 
Philip expelled a breath of air and slowly said, “Let the…” 
But before he could say the words “three of them go”, the mercenary reached out to grab Cherry. 
Philip’s brows drew together. 
Iris also took a step forward and shouted, “Let go of Cherry!” 
Everyone wanted to snatch the child. Nora was the only one who remained where she was, calm and motionless. The next moment, the man who was about to grab Cherry suddenly screamed. He suddenly retracted the arm he’d stretched towards Cherry and took two steps back. 
His arm was outstretched straight and there were a few needles stuck into it! 
Additionally, a dagger had also been stabbed into it. His arm dripped with blood, forming an unbearable sight! 
Pete had stabbed him with the dagger. 
After practicing martial arts with Quinn for some time, he’d already picked up some skills.
Justin had custom-made the dagger for him after he and Xander were kidnapped, and it was exceptionally durable. 
Xander was the one who had jabbed the man with needles. 
Recently, he had been learning from Nora which parts of the body would hurt more when attacked and he remembered the two particular locations on the arm. 
Additionally, he’d also specially asked Nora to custom-make a few needles for him. He carried them with him everywhere, euphemistically calling it his form of self-defense. 
Cherry looked at Pete, and then at Xander. At last, she pouted and said, “Mommy, you and Daddy are too biased! Why don’t I have any self-defense skills?!” 
Nora: “…” 
Pete immediately explained, “When Daddy gave me the dagger, he told me that it was for me to protect you.” 
Xander also pursed his lips and said, “When Mommy gave me the needles, I also said that I would protect you.” 
With straight faces, the two of them said, “So, you don’t need any self-defense skills. The two of us are your self-defense skills.” 
Nora: “…” 
Those two boys with a sister complex! 
After the man was repelled, Lucas, who was the nearest to him, rushed over to subdue him. The three children were also successfully protected.
Nora didn’t look at the three children. Instead, she looked at Philip and said domineeringly, “Let her go.”
###Chapter 810
Philip didn’t look at Iris but stepped aside instead. 
When Iris walked out from behind Philip, she was still a little in disbelief. After being trapped by him for half a month, she had become used to it. She didn’t expect that she would really be freed. 
She took two quick steps forward and came right up to Nora’s side. 
Nora looked at her. 
Iris knew what she meant. She shook her head. 
Only then did Nora give a casual wave. With that, the people from the Quinn School of Martial Arts and Jordan’s men moved out of the way and allowed Philip to leave. 
Philip, however, looked at Iris. “Iris, you can’t bear to let us fight, right? I know you are afraid that I would get hurt, so that means I have a place in your heart, right? So why can’t we be together?” 
Iris lowered her eyes and sighed silently. “Philip, do you know what the biggest regret in my life is?” 
Philip immediately answered, “That you didn’t leave with me back then!” 
However, Iris merely smiled wryly. She really didn’t know where the man was getting all that confidence from. Word by word, she said, “My biggest regret is meeting you back then.” 
Philip stumbled and he stood still. “What?” 
Iris slowly said, “I said, my biggest regret is getting to know you. If I didn’t know you, maybe I would have been able to live in peace my whole life, right? I could happily get a divorce if I wanted to, and go wherever I wanted to, instead of being trapped by you in the suburbs of New York City for twenty years!”
Philip couldn’t believe it. “Iris, I don’t believe you. You must be trying to provoke me. Otherwise, why would you make Nora let me go so easily?” 
Iris lowered her head. “I just don’t want to have anything to do with you anymore. I hope you can respect yourself and never approach me or disturb my life ever again!” 
After saying that, Iris turned and left with Nora while Philip stood where he was. 
“Iris! You’re lying! Everything you said is a lie!” 
Philip shouted and rushed over to chase after her. However, he was stopped by Lucas and the others. 
“Mr. Coleman, don’t force us to take action against you.” After Nora and Iris left, Lucas and the others also left one after another. 
Only Philip and his men were left. 
A shocked Philip stared in the direction that Iris had left. After standing there for some time, he finally looked at Jason and asked, “Tell me, Jason, have I really made a mistake?” 
Jason sighed. “Boss, let’s go home.” 
Philip shook his head. “Without her, where would my home be?” 
Jason fell silent. 
His boss’ love was simply too extreme. Probably no woman, no matter how strong or powerful she was, would be able to stand his love, let alone Iris. 
Jason was about to say something when Philip suddenly turned around with a cold look on his face. He looked at the man who had tried to grab Cherry just now and suddenly demanded, “Who asked you to attack the child?” 
Philip was not a good man. 
But for Iris, he’d wanted to keep the last bit of his moral boundaries in front of her. 
Upon being questioned by Philip, the man got a huge shock and he got down on his knees right away. “Boss, I was just trying to save you!” 
Philip, however, lowered his eyes, turned, and strode away. 
Jason, who was following him, heard him say, “There is no need for a man who can’t follow orders to return with us.” 
Jason understood at once. 
“Yes, sir.” 
This meant that he was going to get rid of the man! 
Jason followed closely behind Philip. “Boss, you can explain to Ms. Iris that you didn’t order the man to do that. This way, maybe she won’t blame you anymore.” 
Philip chuckled. “Would she believe anything I say?” 
Jason was taken aback. 
Philip said, “She didn’t start getting angry at me because of this incident.” 
—
Iris, who had returned home with Nora, was currently looking at the three precious children. With a sorrowful face, she looked at Nora and suddenly said, “Nora, if you have anything you want to do, then just go ahead and do it. I can look after the children.” 
Now that Justin was gone, she didn’t want to trap Nora with the Hunts. 
If Justin was still alive, he probably wouldn’t want Nora to be alone for the rest of her life, either. 
For her son’s sake, Iris had already been miserable all her life. She didn’t want Nora to be like her. 
Upon hearing this, Nora immediately said, “Yeah, well, it just so happens that I’m about to go and look for Justin too. I’ll leave the Hunt Corporation to you for now!” 
Iris was stunned by her words. She grabbed Nora’s shoulders and said, “… Don’t be sad. It has already happened, you have to face reality.” 
Nora: “?” 
She was taken aback for a while. Then, she said, “I’m not sad!” 
Iris, however, became nervous. “I understand, you may not be able to accept right away the fact that Justin is gone, but Nora, if you want to cry, then just cry. You don’t have to put up pretenses in front of me.” 
She hugged Nora and continued comforting her. “Justin wouldn’t want you to be like this. He loves you so much, he would definitely want you to be happy. Don’t waste your own life, life is not just about romance. Besides, you can still find another man if you meet a suitable one in the future… I know it’s not appropriate of me to say such things now, but I’m really afraid that you would do something silly… No matter what, you have to stay strong. You still have your father and your children, okay?” 
Nora: “!”
Only then did she realize that she hadn’t yet told Iris that Justin wasn’t dead!
###Chapter 811
Nora hurriedly said, “Iris… There’s something I have to tell you. Justin is…” 
“Let’s not talk about him anymore, okay? If you’re going to look for him, then I’d rather you forget him. Nora, one’s life is what matters the most, remember this.” 
Iris looked at her, her eyes were full of heartache. “I’d always thought that you’re a calm and rational person but it turns out that you are just like everyone else when you encounter something like this. Nora, I didn’t expect you to love Justin so much. You really shouldn’t do anything silly…” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. At last, Nora found a break in Iris’ speech and interrupted her. 
“Justin is not dead.” 
“I know, I know.” 
Iris nodded. 
Nora was stunned. “You do?” 
Iris’s eyes became even redder. “Yes, he is not dead. He will always live on in your heart.” 
Nora: “?” 
Iris sighed and held her hand. “You should live on properly with him. Justin was only twenty-six years old when he said goodbye to this world. Take him with you as you look at every place in this world.” Nora: “…” 
“He’d want you to become his eyes and admire the Northern Lights and the frozen Antarctic that stretches on for miles. He’d also want to watch the three children grow up and have their own families…
Nora, can you promise me that you’ll look at all this for him” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed again. At last, she said, “He’s not dead yet. He has eyes too, he can see all that himself.” 
Iris: “?” 
She was stunned. “Nora, when you say he’s not dead, you mean…?” 
Nora nodded. “It’s exactly what you’re thinking. He’s still alive, so he can look at this world! He’s not dead!” 
Iris: “!!” 
The room fell silent for a moment. 
After a while, Iris finally understood. Nevertheless, she still asked, “Then where did he go? And why did he fake his death?” 
Nora recounted what had happened. In the end, she shook her head and said, “I’m not sure about the specifics, either. He’s in Switzerland now. Now that you’re back, I’m going to Switzerland to look for him.” 
Iris asked, “He hasn’t contacted you yet?” 
Nora nodded, vaguely feeling a little uneasy. Iris frowned. “Surely he didn’t hit his head in the explosion and lose his memory, right?” 
Nora: “?” 
Iris sighed. “That’s why he hasn’t contacted you all this time—because he has forgotten you. Nora, you should go to him now, but maybe he has already been rescued and is mistaking his rescuer for his lover in his daze. If that’s the case, then Nora, hurry and bring him home!”
Nora: “” 
Did she think this was a TV drama? Or a novel? 
How could something that corny possibly happen?! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. “Well, I have to go to Switzerland now, so I will leave the domestic affairs to you. As for the children… I will have to trouble you to take care of them!” 
The journey to Switzerland was fraught with unknown dangers and the V16’s whereabouts were still a mystery. Moreover, once she left the States, her days would no longer be this peaceful and crises might happen at any time. Therefore, Nora would never take the children abroad with her. 
Iris understood what she meant. “Although I don’t know what you guys are planning, since Justin had to fake his death, it must be very important. This is what the two of you have decided. As for me, I shall be your firm and solid support. 
“So, Nora, go ahead. Leave the children to me! There won’t be any problems!” 
Nora nodded. 
After handing over the company to Iris, Nora went out. By then, it was already noon. She didn’t want to waste even a day, so she got Lily to buy her a plane ticket to Switzerland for the same night. 
It was just that… How was she going to tell the three children-especially Cherry—that Mommy would be away for a while? 
Cherry was very clingy to Nora. In the past, even when Nora was sleeping, the little girl would stay in the same room as her. Later, after she and Justin acknowledged each other as father and daughter, she was occasionally separated from her, but even so, she would still want to meet her every two or three days.
It could be said that Cherry had never been away from Nora since she was born. 
This time, though, Nora would probably be away for a month at the shortest, or three months at the longest before she would be back… 
She didn’t know how to explain it to Cherry. 
While she was troubled over this, Pete and Xander came out of their rooms. The two little boys looked at Nora. “Mommy, are you going to Switzerland?” 
Nora nodded. 
She looked at Cherry, who was behind the two of them, and coughed. She slowly said, “I can’t take the three of you with me this time. Stay at home and take good care of one another, okay?” 
Pete and Xander looked at each other. “No problem!” 
Sure enough, Cherry pouted. “Mommy, can’t you take Cherry with you? I miss Grandaunt!” Nora shook her head. “I have something to do over there this time. I will be back as soon as possible.” 
Cherry hung her head. 
The way she looked was as though she had been abandoned made Nora’s heart soften. 
Just as she was about to speak, Cherry raised her head. “Then say hi to Grandaunt for me.” 
“Okay…” 
Nora answered. 
Cherry turned around sulkily and said, “I won’t see you off then, Mommy. I’m afraid it will make me sad.”
Nora rubbed her head. “Okay.” 
The little fellow really was very clingy, so she must really be very sad today. 
Her sons were the boys they were, though. Pete and Xander didn’t react as pretentiously as Cherry did. 
Nora then said, “Okay, I’ll go and pack for the trip. You guys can go play!” 
“Okay.” 
The three children ran off after replying. 
After Nora packed her luggage, she went out to say goodbye to them. But when she thought of how Cherry had said that she would be sad, Nora simply got in the car and went straight to the airport instead. 
However, as soon as she arrived at the airport, she received a call from Iris. “Nora, the children are missing!!” 
Upon hearing this, Nora’s heart tightened.
###Chapter 812
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked straight ahead of her with a sharp look in them. 
The kids were missing? 
Philip likely hadn’t left the country yet. Did he change his mind and decide to come back? 
The thought had only just formed when something suddenly occurred to her, stunning her for a moment. She slowly turned her head and looked at the trunk of the car. 
She was silent for a while. Suddenly, she walked over and opened the trunk, upon which she immediately saw the three little fellows hiding inside all curled up. 
Cherry, who was at the innermost position, was trying to stretch her legs. “Pete, you’re in my space!” 
Pete shifted a little. “What about now?” 
Xander complained, “You’re kicking my butt!” 
Nora: “…” 
She let out a cough. Only then did the three little fellows raise their heads abruptly and look at Nora. Cherry didn’t show any signs of sheepishness from being caught at all. On the contrary, she blinked and said, “Mommy, have we already reached the airport? That was quick-“ 
Her drawn-out last syllable when she spoke amused Nora. 
These three little fellows were too daring! 
To think they actually hid in the trunk! It was very dangerous for them to come all the way here like that! 
This was especially true when she drove at high speeds. Fortunately, she was on the highway the whole way to the airport, so the roads had been very good. Also, because it was still early and she still had time
until boarding, she hadn’t been in a hurry and had driven leisurely. 
With a displeased look on her face, Nora said, “Who said you guys can do something like this?” 
Cherry immediately hugged her arm. “But Mommy, I can’t bear to part with you-“ 
Nora lowered her eyes and took a deep breath. “I know, I can’t bear to leave you, either. But there’s something very important I need to do in Switzerland, so I can’t take you guys with 
me.” 
Cherry hurriedly said, “I know, you are looking for medicine to treat Xander’s illness, right? If so, then all the more we are going. I can even help Mommy.” 
Nora spoke very firmly. “No.” 
Pete said, “But Mommy, we really don’t want to be separated from you. We’ve only just been reunited. Besides, the tyrant is not here anymore. If you leave too, then we…” 
He did not finish his sentence. 
But there was no doubt that the sensitive Pete must be feeling insecure. 
Nora’s heart softened a little. But after looking at the children, she nevertheless hardened her heart and said, “You don’t have to say any more. I’m getting Uncle Richard to take the three of you home. You three absolutely cannot come with me this time!” 
Given how dangerous the situation was, how could she possibly bring them along? 
With that in mind, Nora turned to speak to the chauffeur, who had come with her. However, a small hand suddenly grabbed her wrist again.
She lowered her head to see Xander looking up at her. The little fellow was grinning. Whenever he spoke, there was always a somewhat unorthodox temperament around him, his canine teeth were so white that they were gleaming 
He slowly said, “Mom, you said today that you’ll be in Switzerland for a month at the shortest and three at the longest, but you will definitely be back after that. But what if you can’t find the V16, have you thought about that? When you return three months later… Would it be to bury me? Just like how I buried Butterscotch in the soil, are you also going to bury me in there?” 
His words completely breached Nora’s defenses. 
She bent down, lowered her head, and put her arms around Xander. She said, “No, that won’t happen, Xander. Don’t worry, I will find the antidote for sure!” 
Xander continued grinning as he said, “But it’s also possible that you won’t find it. If so, then I only have three months left to live.” 
In a low whisper, he slowly said, “For these three months, I just want to be with you and the tyrant.” 
The stunned Nora was frozen in place. 
Indeed. 
Her mindset all this time was that Xander had only less than three months left to live, so she had to try her best to find a way out for him. However, she’d neglected something-what if she couldn’t find one? 
Then, in the last three months of Xander’s life, was she going to be away from the boy’s side? 
She finally gave in. “Okay, I’ll take the three of you with me!”
“Yay!” Cherry stretched out her arms and jumped right into Nora’s arms excitedly. She circled her arms around Nora’s neck and said, “Mommy is the best! At last, we don’t have to be separated anymore!” 
Pete was also relieved. 
Xander beamed, his smile somewhat relieved and courageous. 
Every time the topic of death came up, to be honest, he was terrified. 
Come to think of it, though, if he could die in Mommy’s arms, then it wouldn’t seem that scary anymore. 
There were still two hours till boarding time. Nora contacted Lily urgently and bought three first-class tickets for the children. Only then did she get out of the car with them. 
The group didn’t have much luggage. When they were walking to the airport, a troubled Pete even said, “Is it okay that we didn’t bring any luggage? We don’t even have a change of clothes…” 
“Don’t worry, Pete! Grandaunt will definitely get everything ready! I’ll tell her right away that we’re coming to see her soon! I guarantee that Grandaunt will definitely be there to pick us up when we get off the 
plane!” 
As soon as she said that, Nora stopped her. “Don’t tell your Grandaunt.” 
Cherry was surprised. “Why?” Nora explained, “We are going there secretly this time, it’s not good for us to attract attention from too many people. So, we won’t be going to your Grandaunt’s for the time being.” 
Nora planned to infiltrate the university and search for the V16 straightaway. 
Trueman and the other few experimental subjects must all be watching her, especially the expert fighter… She must keep as low a profile as possible!
Cherry was a little disappointed to hear this. “Oh, I see” 
She missed her grandaunt so much! 
Nevertheless, she nodded sensibly. “Okie-Dokie!” 
Fifteen hours later, the plane landed in Bern, the de facto capital of Switzerland. 
Nora had lived there for five years, so she was very familiar with everything about Switzerland. 
She dragged the suitcase with Cherry sitting on top. Xander and Pete followed beside the suitcase. The group of four got off the plane. 
There were foreigners all around, but since both Cherry and Xander had grown up abroad, they didn’t find it unusual. 
Although Pete had never been to Switzerland, he had been exposed to many things, so he was also very calm. 
When the four of them were about to head to the exit, Nora suddenly stopped-because she saw a familiar figure in front! 
Before she could react, Cherry had already slid off the suitcase. She ran over and shouted, “Daddy!”
###Chapter 813
Nora was also a little dumbfounded. 
The side profile of the man in front was exactly the same as Justin’s, especially the height of his nose bridge. Even the firm curvature of his jawline was the same as Justin’s. 
She was aware that Justin was in Switzerland, that was why she had come to look for him. However, the four of them had stayed very low-key when they came. In fact, when they were buying plane tickets, they had even gotten help from Morris to hide their identities. 
Therefore, no one would know that she had come to Switzerland. So, how come Justin was here? 
Moreover, if Justin showed up here, then wouldn’t he have died for nothing? Er, she meant faked his death for nothing? 
While Nora was thinking about this, Cherry had already rushed over. Just as she was about to touch ‘Justin”s arm, a few black-clad bodyguards suddenly rushed over and stopped Cherry. “Little girl, no going near, okay-?” Cherry: “?” She blinked and pointed at Justin. “I’m here for Daddy!” 
But no matter what she said, the bodyguards simply wouldn’t let her pass. 
Cherry had no choice but to shout at the man standing beyond the bodyguards. “Daddy! Daddy! I’m Cherry! Don’t you know who I am anymore?” 
A puzzled Nora also quickly walked over. 
Perhaps because he heard the commotion, “Justin’ finally turned his head and looked over. 
The moment he did, Nora and Cherry were stunned. 
The man in front of them had a profile almost identical to Justin’s, but when seen from the front, there was only a 30% resemblance. Also, the man was pale and a little sickly, and there was a sense of frailty
in his eyes, which looked just like Justin’s. His lips were slightly thicker than Justin’s and he was wearing makeup. He wore heavy foundation which made him seem a little effeminate. The feeling he gave off was completely different from the cold, inadvertently noble, and sensual one that Justin had. 
When he saw Cherry, he was taken aback for a moment. Then, he let out a low scoff. “Are you my fan? Fans these days are really just So… Do they bring their children with them when they go star-chasing now?” 
Fans? Star-chasing? 
Nora was dumbfounded. 
“Ahhh! Kelvin! Look over here!” 
While Nora was still in a daze, several female fans around her rushed forward and shouted, “We have been following you since we got to know that you’re coming to Switzerland for filming! Kelvin, can you give us an autograph?” 
When Kelvin Hart heard this, a touch of a smile flashed across his eyes. He covered his mouth and coughed. Then, he walked over, took the book from the fan, and signed it with a flourish. 
Nora especially took a look at his signature his handwriting when he signed his name “Kelvin Hart” was also different from Justin’s usual handwriting. She looked at Kelvin at close range again. 
The man did indeed resemble Justin very much. However, his makeup was too heavy, so she couldn’t tell what he really looked like… 
She wanted to observe him some more, but a bodyguard had already walked over and blocked her prying eyes.
After Kelvin gave the fan an autograph, the fan said, “Kelvin, I will always cheer you on! I know you have been overseas for shoots all this time, but wherever you may be, our hearts will always be with you!” 
Kelvin’s lips curled into a smile. His voice was calm and emotionless as he said, “Thank you.” 
Those two words, however, took Nora and Cherry aback once more. 
Cherry couldn’t help but ask, “Are you really not Daddy? But why do you not only look a bit like Daddy but also sound like him?” 
Yes, that was right. 
Kelvin’s voice was also very similar to Justin’s. 
It was just that Justin’s was lower and deeper. 
Nora’s gaze at Kelvin became even more scorching 
She really wanted to remove his makeup and see what he really looked like! 
Her gaze was too intense, causing Kelvin to look over. He ruffled Cherry’s hair, and then said with a chuckle, “Did your mom play videos of me at home every day and tell you that I’m your father? Thereby giving you the wrong impression? Miss… Please be rational as a fan!” 
After saying this, Kelvin gave them another amicable smile and then turned to leave. 
Nora wanted to chase after him but was stopped by the bodyguards. “Mr. Hart is very tired. Please go back!” 
When the fans heard this, they could only leave. 
Nora, however, stared at Kelvin from the back as he departed, somewhat contemplative.
Behind her, Pete and Xander also stepped forward. The two little boys also stared in Kelvin’s direction. 
He walked out of the airport under the protection of the bodyguards. However, at the exit, he suddenly turned his head and looked at the four of them. The corners of his lips hooked upwards into a sneer, and then he got into the car. 
Nora was a little taken aback by that smile of his. 
Her sixth sense told her that the man knew who she was! 
Yet, he really was rather different from Justin… 
When she broke into a frown, Pete said, “That’s not the tyrant! Daddy has never smiled like that before!” 
In her young and cute voice, Cherry asked, “… Then is he Daddy’s twin brother?” 
But Xander curled his lips disdainfully and said, “He doesn’t look like the tyrant, though!” 
After the little fellows finished their evaluation, they looked at Nora again. 
Nora had already taken out her cell phone. “We can just ask Google.” 
She didn’t pay attention to the entertainment industry, so she didn’t know of Kelvin or whatever his name was. 
But if Kelvin really was famous, then there would definitely be information about him on the Internet. 
With that in mind, she typed in the search term “Kelvin Hart”. The next moment, information about Kelvin popped up on her phone…
###Chapter 814
There was a lot of information about Kelvin on the Internet. After all, he was a famous Hollywood star with an impressive track record. 
Even though he had been filming overseas a lot due to frequent involvement with foreign productions, his status in the American entertainment scene was not low. 
The Internet also listed a lot of movies he’d starred in. All of them were big productions, with some even being box office hits. He could be found in all those movies. 
Nora usually didn’t watch such movies. 
The photos on Kelvin’s social media accounts were also similar to his appearance from just now. He indeed bore a 30% to 40% resemblance to Justin from the front while in some occasional photos his profile was almost identical to Justin’s. 
Nora frowned. 
One could always hide similarities in appearances from the front with makeup but they wouldn’t be able to hide anything with their profile-because a person’s skeletal structure was unchangeable! 
Therefore, she still wanted to know what Kelvin really looked like under his thick makeup and didn’t rule out the possibility that he was Justin. 
Nevertheless, Nora still opened up Kelvin’s personal schedule. 
Famous actors like Kelvin naturally had fans and stans. In fact, some overzealous fans from overseas even immigrated to America just so it would be more convenient for them to follow him everywhere. 
Therefore, Kelvin’s schedule was publicly listed very clearly. There were even videos as proof.
During the time Justin was with her in America, Kelvin had been filming with a crew… There were pictures to prove it! 
At the sight, Nora could only frown. 
From the looks of it, Kelvin really was not Justin. 
The two men looked so much alike, though. Were they really unrelated to each other? 
Nora put down the phone. 
Never mind. 
It didn’t matter what Kelvin’s relationship with Justin was. She was here in Switzerland to look for the V16 for Xander, not for a holiday! 
Nora put down her cell phone, looked at the children, and said, “Let’s find a place to stay first.” 
Cherry pouted. “But Mommy, if we’re not going to Grandaunt’s, then where are we staying?” 
Nora smiled. “I’ve already made all the arrangements.” 
Her grandaunt had a special status in Switzerland, so there would surely be a lot of people paying attention to her. If the four of them went to her, it would be very easy for them to accidentally expose their identities. 
Before she found a suitable excuse for them to be in Switzerland, Nora must keep a low profile. 
She went straight to the parking lot with the children. Soon, she spotted an old and rundown car parked below. The car wasn’t locked, but there was no one inside.
Nora walked over naturally and opened the door. “Get in.” 
Obviously, this was part of Nora’s arrangements. The three children sat in the back. Nora started the car and drove out of the airport. 
On the way, Cherry watched as the familiar environment around her slowly went past her. She suddenly remarked, “It’s been so long!” 
Pete was observing the surroundings. 
Xander pouted and asked, “Mommy, where are we staying? Surely not the basement, 
right?” 
Nora smiled. “Of course not. We’ll reach in a 
sec.” 
As she spoke, the car suddenly turned the corner into a residential area. 
A bright-eyed Cherry asked, “Mommy, are we staying here?” 
“Yup.” 
Nora turned a few more corners in the car. Soon, she stopped in front of a villa with a characteristic design. “This is where we’ll be staying.” 
The four got out of the car and entered the three-story villa. 
The villa was very neat and clean-obviously, someone had cleaned it up. 
Nora had lived in Switzerland for five years, so she would certainly have her own connections here.
She took the three children to look at the rooms and allowed them to choose which rooms they wanted. When she was about to take the children out for a bite, someone knocked on the door. 
Nora walked over and opened the door to see a man in a black suit outside. 
“Hello, Ms. Smith, right? My boss would like to invite you to dinner.” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned. “Your boss?” 
The man in black nodded. “Yes.” 
He shifted to the side and nodded in a certain direction, where Nora saw parked a huge black car. The windows were tinted, so people on the outside would not be able to look inside. 
Just as Nora was about to refuse, the van’s window suddenly rolled down a little and the man inside appeared in front of Nora. 
His profile was strong and his silhouette well-defined. 
He looked so familiar that Nora instantly became a little excited. The next moment, however, the man turned and looked over. 
It was not Justin but Kelvin. His lips curled into a smile. 
“Wanna know who I am?”
###Chapter 815
The interior of the limousine was luxuriously decorated. 
It was only when Nora sat in it that she found that the car was extremely comfortable. The space in the center was very wide and there was even a tray with expensive red wine and crystal wine glasses on it. 
After she got in, the man handed her a glass of wine. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and took it from him. Before she could do anything, Kelvin had picked up another wine glass and bumped hers, making a melodious clink with the light touch. 
The clink resounded in the van. 
Just by this action alone, Nora became sure that the man was not Justin. 
Justin wasn’t so pretentious. 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she put down the glass of wine. 
Kelvin said, “Drink, and I’ll tell you who I am.” 
The man had a malicious smile on his face and he was slightly leaning forward, his attitude high and mighty. 
With her eyes lowered, Nora looked at him. 
The man glanced at the wine glass, much like he was forcing her to drink. “Don’t you want to know who I am?” 
The inside of the van suddenly became quiet. 
Nora and Kelvin looked at each other, both with great momentum.
After a while, Nora suddenly said, “I know who you are.” 
Her words took Kelvin aback. 
Nora leaned backwards away from him. “A person who looks like Justin must have blood relations with him. Chester and Roger both look a little like him but neither of them resembles him as much as you— someone who bears a 30% resemblance to him. Right, Kelvin? Or should I say, Calvin Hunt?” 
Kelvin was just his stage name. 
Many changed their names when they entered the entertainment industry. This was a very common practice. 
In truth, though, his real name was Calvin Hunt! 
When Nora did a Google search and found that Kelvin and Justin were not one and the same, she’d sent a text message to Howard and gotten him to check the genealogy of their generation. Sure enough, he had found the name Calvin Hunt. 
The Hunts would never easily reveal their genealogical information to outsiders. 
After all, Nora was not married to Justin, so she was technically not a Hunt yet. 
Therefore, Howard hadn’t shown her the actual family tree but just a family relationship chart that he had drawn himself. 
The Hunts were a century-old family, so they had many branches of lineage. 
For example, even Howard and Justin didn’t share the same grandfather. Instead, they had descended from sibling grandfathers. Therefore, Howard’s family, who lived in and looked after the family home, was referred to as the Californian Hunts. Howard’s grandfather was the second oldest among his brothers.
As for Calvin, he was a child from the third brother’s line of descent. 
His grandfather was Howard and Justin’s grandfathers’ younger brother. 
Because Howard was living in the family home, he had a slightly higher position in the family. However, people on the fringes like Calvin would never be noticed by the main branch-in other words, Justin and his immediate family. 
Needless to say, Howard was so cooperative because he was at the stage where he was full of admiration towards Nora, the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. After all, a single sentence from her had allowed him to become Quinn’s disciple! 
Through the relationship chart he drew, Nora had also figured out Calvin’s identity and status. 
Although they were distant cousins, Calvin and Justin’s grandfathers were said to resemble each other very much. Therefore, it was unsurprising that Calvin and Justin would bear a 30% resemblance to each other. 
Nora had exposed Kelvin’s—or rather, Calvin’s-identity. Calvin was stunned for a moment. Then, his eyes widened in surprise. “Everyone says that my sister-in-law is both smart and beautiful. It seems that it is indeed so.” 
After he spoke, he smiled again. “It’s just a shame that you became a widow at a young 
age.” 
There was hostility in his words.
When Nora realized his identity, she’d asked Howard how his relationship with Justin was… Howard’s reply to her had been: The two were like oil and water, they were mortal enemies. 
Justin was like a big brother at home. He was always high up in the air and he was always the best in everything he did. Children like him were naturally the center of attention ever since a young age. 
Under such circumstances, Justin would be faced with two situations: 
One where people admired him, like Howard and Chester. Such people saw Justin as an idol. However, the other was with people like Roger and Calvin, who were indignant towards him. 
Roger’s indignation stemmed from his desire to fight for the Hunts’ inheritance. 
As for Calvin, he was too far away from the direct line of descendants, so he didn’t even have the right to fight for anything. Howard once said that after Calvin grew up, his family had planned to send him to work in the Hunt Corporation. They had also wanted Justin to arrange a good position for him. 
But Calvin had his own pride. Without even saying a word to anyone, he’d moved to another city to become an actor. 
The Hunts didn’t want an actor in the family. After all, just like Katharine Hepburn once said, “Acting is the perfect idiot’s profession… and not a very high-class way to earn a living”, the Hunts thought very little of acting. Therefore, Calvin had taken on the alias Kelvin Hart in the industry and also told his family not to make use of the Hunts’ connections for his career! 
Calvin’s parents had even approached Justin. They wanted Justin not to help him, in hopes of forcing their son to change his mind. 
Therefore, no one knew that Kelvin was a Hunt. 
Because of all this, Calvin had become very hostile towards Justin.
Nora couldn’t be bothered to speak any further with a rebellious child like him. Calvin looked like he was only 25 or 26 years old. She turned to get off the car. 
But at this moment, someone held her shoulder. 
Then, Calvin’s voice rang out in her ear. “Are you leaving already, Nora? Actually, I called you over to ask you something. Have you heard how some men like playing with their sisters-in-law…?”
###Chapter 816
His tone was ambiguous. When he spoke, his breath almost stuck to Nora’s neck. 
The hand pressing on Nora’s shoulder was not obedient either. It pressed gently and was filled with ambiguity. 
Nora’s back froze. Just as Calvin’s words fell, she suddenly turned back. Immediately, she waved her arm and slapped away his hand on her shoulder! 
“Tsk, why? Nora, do you think I don’t earn as much money as Justin?” 
Calvin leaned closer to her. “But doesn’t all the money in the Hunts belong to you now? With the money in your hands and my appearance similar to him… In fact, I don’t look any different from him. Everyone says that I’m the most handsome man in the US. Nora, are you not interested in me?” 
Nora narrowed her eyes and swept her gaze across his face. She suddenly said, “You’re indeed a little handsome.” 
Calvin narrowed his eyes and looked pleased. 
However, the next moment, Nora said, “After all, you look a little like him. Unfortunately, when I see things about you that don’t look like him, I’d feel disgusted.” 
Nora pushed open the car door and got out neatly. 
She strode into the villa, leaving Calvin staring angrily at her back in the car! 
Calvin was so angry that he gritted his teeth in the car. 
What did she say just now? She would feel disgusted by him? 
How could this be?!
He was the most handsome man in the Hunts! His facial features were even more iconic than Justin’s! 
His looks, which were enough to make fans go crazy, were worthless in her eyes? 
She was too much! 
Too much!! 
Calvin was so angry his chest heaved up and down. He glared ruthlessly in the direction Nora had left in and then closed the car door. After the car door was closed, he picked up his phone aggrievedly and made a call. “Hello, Brother. Am I not handsome? Nora is really, really too much!!!” 
On the other end of the line was a deep voice. The man paused for a moment and suddenly asked in a low and hoarse voice, “You saw her?” 
Calvin said, “Yes, I saw her! She’s already in Switzerland. She’s quite smart. She knows that staying here won’t attract much attention. I even saw Pete. He grew up in the blink of an eye. The last time I saw him, he was still drinking milk…” 
After Calvin rambled on, he finally said aggrievedly, “Brother, I don’t care. Nora said I’m disgusting. You have to take revenge for 
me!” 
The man opposite him chuckled and said, “Yes, you can come back.” 
Calvin was stunned. “What for? I still have a shoot tomorrow! One of my scenes is in a university…” 
The person on the other end of the line suddenly said, “You don’t have to go…” 
Calvin: “” 
After Nora returned to the villa, she greeted the neighbor with the three children. 
The neighbor was very enthusiastic. “Oh, we’re all Americans. We should help each other. By the way, guess where I come from?” 
Nora: “Florida?” 
The neighbor was shocked. “How did you know?” 
Nora returned a polite and awkward smile before taking the children to visit another house. 
The people living here were all Americans. The people on both sides of her were also very kind and safe. Of course, Nora had already arranged a few secret guards around to prevent anyone from hurting the three children when she was not at home. 
After visiting the neighbors, Nora walked the three children around the area. 
After all, if nothing went wrong, they would be staying here for the next three months. 
After walking around for a while, they bumped into an old lady when they returned. She was standing in front of their house. When she saw the four of them, the old lady instantly revealed a look of disdain. After sizing them up, she pursed her lips. “What do you do for work? The people living in our villas are all high-class people. We don’t want any shady neighbors…” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and asked, “What do you mean?”
“You have three children at such a young age. Don’t tell me you got pregnant at 17 or 18? Are these three children illegitimate too?” 
Cherry immediately placed her hands on her hips and replied, “My daddy and mommy are husband and wife! We’re not illegitimate children!” 
Being engaged also meant they were husband and wife! 
Hearing that, the old lady pursed her lips. “What about your father?” 
Cherry: “?” 
Nora lowered her eyes and slowly said, “I’m working outside. I don’t usually go home.” 
“Tsk, are you working part-time? How much money can you earn? If you don’t have money, why do you have to go overseas? You just want to stay here when you don’t even have the money to match our standard of living… Let me tell you, my son has a decent job! He’s a director at NTT!” 
The old lady raised her chin proudly as she talked. 
Nora: “?” 
Cherry was stunned. “NTT?” 
“Yes, NTT. Have you heard of the company? Let me tell you, my son works there. He’s a really respectable person, understand? He’s not like you guys. You’re working part-time! Can you afford to rent this place? Why do you have to stay here? I advise you to go to the slums!” 
Cherry: “!!” 
How could she not have heard of it? She had grown up in the NTT headquarters!
NTT was her grandaunt’s company!
###Chapter 817
Although she could not expose her grandaunt’s identity to avoid being noticed, Cherry was not one to be bullied. She retorted, “Grandma, I thought your son was NTT’S boss. So he’s also working for someone else!” 
They’re all working for others, so why is she looking down on them? 
The old lady was instantly furious. “What do you know? There’s a difference between working for someone else and working part-time! NTT is the hottest company in Switzerland in recent years. Everyone working at high positions there can get a million-dollar annual salary! Your father worked hard every month, but does he have ten thousand dollars? The rent here isn’t cheap. In my opinion, you should live on the streets! How many months can you bear the rent here? You’re preventing others from renting a house here. You’re a dog in the manger!” 
Cherry was about to say something when a plump middle-aged woman jogged over. When she heard the old lady’s voice, she immediately placed her hands on her hips and scolded, “Hey, what’s wrong with you? You promised to live together peacefully in my house. How can you bully the new tenant?” 
When Mrs. Long saw the fat woman, she pursed her lips. “Landlady, you have to understand. Who bullied them? Don’t make irresponsible remarks. I’m just telling them the rules of living here. Besides, who knows where this woman came from? Everyone who lives here has a clean background!” 
The plump landlady retorted angrily, “She’s renting my house. What rules are you talking about? If you don’t want to stay, then fine. Can’t you just leave? Many people are queuing up to rent my house! Besides, this isn’t some random person. She’s a foreign student from Staav University!!” 
“Okay, okay, I’ll stop talking about it, okay?!” After Mrs. Long said this, she looked at Nora again before turning around. Even though she was far away, she was still nagging softly. “Doesn’t she just have a
few stinky houses? What’s she showing off for? My son works in NTT! He’ll be able to afford such a house sooner or later!” 
After Mrs. Long walked away cursing, the landlady finally looked at Nora. “Miss Smith, right? Come, there are a few things to take note of in the house. I’ll show you.” 
With that, she opened the door but did not enter first. Instead, she waited respectfully at the door. 
After Nora brought the three children in, the landlady closed the door and walked in. The next moment, the arrogance on her face disappeared and was replaced with kindness. “Miss Smith, you’re back! Oh, let me see Cherry. Has she gained weight?” 
Cherry also smiled and said, “Cindy!” 
Cindy was the friend Nora had made when she was overseas. Back then, she was homeless with her husband. It was Nora who took her in and asked her to stay here to collect the rent. 
That’s right. This row of houses belonged to her. When she had bought and rented them out back then, the price was not high. It was just to give those Americans who came to Switzerland a resting place. 
It was just that… Cherry said, “Cindy, why did such a bad old madam rent Mommy’s house?” 
Cindy smiled bitterly and said, “That old lady sounded too pitiful back then, so I let her rent the house. Her son is earning money now and she wants to bring her sister over to live with her, so she asked me to rent her this house you’re staying in. However, Miss Nora asked me to keep it for her, so I didn’t rent it. I said that someone has already booked the house. She didn’t dare to offend me, so she took her anger out on you.” Cherry was stunned. “Why does she have to rent this house?”
Cindy said, “Who doesn’t want to rent our place? It’s cheap and the house is good. Miss Nora has no intention of earning money from this rent, so many people want to stay here now! Besides, she got her sister to rent a house nearby. Don’t worry, their contract will expire next month. When the time comes, I won’t rent it to them again no matter what. A person with such a character doesn’t have the right to receive Miss Nora’s care! Besides, isn’t her son rich? Go out and rent an expensive house! She only knows how to take advantage of others!” 
With that, she put down Cherry and looked at Pete. “This is Pete, right? I heard from Miss Nora that she finally found you. I haven’t seen you before! Your small body is stronger than Cherry’s!” 
Cindy patted Pete heavily before turning to Xander with a grin. “This little kid must be Xander. Am I right?” 
Xander: “…” 
He was now as smart as a 14-year-old. He felt so childish when she spoke to him in such a coaxing tone. 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He grabbed Cherry and Pete. “Let’s go upstairs and take a look!” 
“Okie-Dokie!” 
Cherry and Pete did not plan to go to school. These three months would be considered a vacation! 
The three children went upstairs inseparable. Only Nora and Cindy were left downstairs. 
Cindy said, “Miss Nora, go to Staav University tomorrow without any worry. I’ll help take care of the three children!” 
Nora nodded.
She then gave Cindy some instructions regarding Cherry, Pete, and Xander’s hobbies as well as their favorite foods. 
The next day, at the entrance of Staav University. 
Nora took out her student ID. After handing them to the guard, she entered the school. 
She came here as an exchange student from the New York University School of Medicine. Every December, there would be exchange students coming to study. 
As a professor at New York University School of Medicine, creating a fake identity and getting a place was a piece of cake. 
She needed to report first and then take the opportunity to go to the library to look for files. 
After entering the university, Nora was attracted by everything in front of her. 
Staav University was indeed one of the top international universities. The environment inside was especially beautiful. As she was admiring it, a voice suddenly came from behind. “Oh my god! Kelvin really came to our university for a shoot!”
###Chapter 818
There were many international students at Staav University. The Europeans, Asians, and African- Americans were all harmonious and without discourse. 
This was the center of academic discussions worldwide. There was no hatred between countries and there was no disdain between skin colors. Everyone who entered this place was a student who worked hard for scientific research. 
This was the feeling given off at Staav University. 
The approaching aura was filled with youth. 
Of course, in such a friendly atmosphere, there were also young people who chased after idols. Therefore, when they heard the cry, many people turned their heads in unison to look at the door. 
Kelvin? 
He was an international superstar! 
Be it his singing, dancing, or acting—they were all remarkable in the industry. Furthermore, he had received the title of Best Actor in Hollywood. This man had conquered all the men, women, old, and young in Switzerland. 
Therefore, everyone stopped in their tracks. 
However, university students were also well-known figures in their respective fields. They had their own pride, so they were not like the usual fans who swarmed around their idols. 
After exclaiming in surprise, they stood politely at the side and watched silently as Kelvin and his assistants walked over.
Nora originally did not want to care about Kelvin. 
However, the person walking in front of her stopped and blocked her way. She did not want to stand out, so she simply stopped in her tracks and looked over. 
Kelvin was still wearing heavy makeup today. His dark circles seemed like he had not slept for the entire night. The smokey makeup was so thick that Nora could not bear to look at him. 
She really did not know how this man was so confident that he was more handsome than Justin. 
Nora thought about this and pursed her lips. 
However, the next moment, Kelvin suddenly stopped in his tracks and looked in Nora’s direction. Their eyes met in the air. 
Nora’s eyes narrowed and a smile appeared on her lips. 
This Kelvin was teasing her yesterday, but he still dared to look at her today? 
Nora was just thinking about this when she saw that the disgusting eyes of ‘Kelvin’ in front of her were very deep at this moment. There was an unfathomable light in his dark eyes. 
This familiar gaze made her freeze on the spot as if she had been struck by lightning. 
However, when she looked closer, she saw that Kelvin’s eyes had returned to their usual warm smile. He smiled and greeted the surrounding fans. This made Nora shake her head. 
What was wrong with her? 
For a moment, she felt that Kelvin and Justin were very similar.
If she had not personally investigated Kelvin’s true identity yesterday, she might have followed him again today to get to the bottom of it. 
But now, she did not want to waste time. 
Kelvin and Justin were not on good terms. If she went over, she would only be inviting humiliation. 
When she thought of this, Nora simply took a few steps forward and walked straight to the Department of Biomedicine. 
This time, when she came to be an exchange student, the medical academy’s staff was already full. It was not appropriate for her to take someone else’s seat. On the other hand, the Department of Biomedicine just happened to have a vacant seat. Therefore, Nora came here as a student of the Department of Biomedicine. 
It did not matter which school it was, as long as she could get in touch with the archive room! 
She came here this time to get a student card and then go to the file room to look for clues about V16! 
The few lines her mother had left in the metal box had directed her to the private room 004 in the Staav University archives. 
Nora thought about this and went to report to the Department of Biomedicine. She also prepared a student card. 
After all the procedures were completed, she asked the counselor who had handled these procedures, “Excuse me, may I ask how to get to the archive room?”
The counselor was stunned for a moment before saying, “The archive room in our school is the library. Do you want to borrow a few books?” 
Library… 
No wonder she could not find the file room on the map. 
It made sense. It had been more than twenty years since her mother had left the note. The archive room must have ceased to exist long ago. It had probably been merged into a library. 
Nora smiled. “Yes, I want to borrow a few books related to the curriculum.” 
The counselor instantly smiled. “Oh, then you can go to the library. By the way, Lisa, remember to come to class tomorrow. Don’t be late.” 
Lisa was a fake name Nora had given herself. 
Nora nodded. 
After separating from the counselor, Nora simply walked straight to the library. 
Although Nora was already 25 years old and would be 26 years old after the new year, because she looked young and had a slender figure, her fake identity was that of a 22-year-old university student. 
As she walked to the library, she bumped into a few boys who came to chat with her. 
The atmosphere overseas was more open. After rejecting them, Nora simply went around the field and straight to the library. 
However, just as she reached the entrance of the library, a basketball suddenly hit her!
The university students on the field instantly shouted, “Move aside, beautiful girl! Move aside!” 
At the same time, everyone’s hearts rose. If such a beautiful girl was hit by a basketball, they would feel terrible. 
Just as they thought about this, they saw that Nora seemed to have heard the wind. She turned around beautifully and caught the ball. Almost instinctively, she turned the basketball on her wrist and aimed it at the basket, throwing it over gently. 
Thud! 
The ball entered the hoop. 
Everyone was silent. Then, someone suddenly asked in surprise, “Are you from New York?” 
Nora nodded. 
The person immediately said, “Impressive!” 
“Impressive, impressive!” 
The others immediately applauded. Nora instantly became the focus of the crowd. 
Nora: “…” 
She grimaced and continued walking but the boy playing basketball chased after her. “Hi, I’m Jack. May I ask where you’re going?” 
Nora: “Library.” 
Jack instantly spoke, his teeth white and bright. “Oh, then I’m sorry to tell you that Kelvin’s crew is filming there now. You might not be able to enter… They booked it for two hours.”
Jack looked down at his wristwatch. “You have to wait another hour and a half.” 
Nora: “?” 
Seeing that the clue to V16 was inside, how could she wait? 
She frowned and was in thought. Suddenly, a low male voice came from ahead. “Director, let that girl in. It’ll be too strange if there’s no one in the library. I think she can be an extra with her looks!” 
Nora turned around and saw “Kelvin” staring at Jack unhappily.
###Chapter 819
If Kelvin spoke, the director would definitely agree. 
He got someone to let Nora in. Jack instantly raised his hand and shouted, “Hey, director, look here. I want to be an extra too. It’s free! Can I? I can pretend to be a couple with this 
girl. I…” 
“No.” 
Before the director could speak, Kelvin rejected him, stunning Jack. He scratched his head in confusion. “Why?” 
Nora was also confused. 
Jack was already frowning. 
Kelvin ignored him and looked at the director. “The scene we’re filming focuses on how hard the students work. Acting romantic in the library is bad for the school’s image.” 
Jack instantly understood. “Then I will do something else. Can I read? I can read with this person. Can I?” 
Kelvin laughed softly. “No. There are already too many extras.” 
In the end, it just couldn’t be done. 
Jack was furious, but he could only watch as the bodyguards and the security personnel on the scene made way for Nora to enter the 
library.
Nora: “…” 
The scene they were filming was a classic Hollywood fight scene. It was about the male lead played by Kelvin who had discovered the secret of genes in university. 
As a weak little boy, he was bullied until one day he decided to become stronger. 
He and his professor developed the spider gene. The professor used him as an experiment and injected him with the spider gene. He wanted to become Spiderman. He succeeded and his physical abilities really improved, but in the end, he was swallowed by the gene and he became a real spider. His humanity was gradually swallowed up as he became stronger and stronger. 
He lost his mind and became a killing machine. 
The National Security Bureau sent agents to kill him, but he was too strong. He defeated all the agents alone. 
While being chased, he was saved by the female protagonist. During the time they spent together, he went from being ignorant to one with his feelings. 
The professor had seen him become stronger, so he injected himself with the genes to become a true Spiderman. He wanted the male protagonist to rule the world with him. 
The professor used the video of the male protagonist being bullied to anger him and restrain his gradually awakening consciousness again. The male protagonist accompanied the professor to destroy the city. 
In the end, his girlfriend appeared and pulled back the male protagonist with love. She made him suppress his genes and he finally was finally able to control his abilities. He then defeated the professor and saved the city.
At the end of the story, he successfully joined the National Security Bureau and began to protect the world. 
In short, it was a story of a person who gradually recovered his humanity with the help of love. 
Western blockbusters were all about sci-fi. 
Now, they were in the early stages of the filming. 
The scene Kelvin was filming today was of the male protagonist being bullied again. He hid in the library while the strong students outside whistled and waited for him to come out so that they could beat him up. 
The male protagonist was very flustered and stayed in the library until nightfall. 
In the end, he discovered the secret of genes in the library. His high intelligence was recognized by the professor. The two of them hit it off and began the development of the spider gene. 
Nora did not know the storyline. She just found it fun to watch Kelvin film. 
However, she was not here to watch a show. 
She had more important things to do. 
She pretended to be a passerby and walked around inside, wanting to look for file 004. 
There was a corner in the library where files were placed. In order to make it look real, the male protagonist played by Kelvin was in this corner. An abandoned gene file was needed. 
Nora searched in the library. After learning that the files were all in the corner where Kelvin was, she slowly moved over.
This continued until… 
“Cut!” 
The director suddenly shouted and immediately said to Nora, “Student, may I ask what’s wrong with you? Why do you keep walking in front of the camera? Do you want to get my attention? Or do you want to act too?” 
After the director finished speaking, he looked Nora up and down. Then, his eyes lit up. “Hey, there are not many girls as beautiful as you. If you want, I can add a role for you!” 
Nora: “… There’s no need.” 
The director pestered her. “You may be used to rejecting others but you really don’t have to talk to me like that. If you want to act, I can be your guide to enter the entertainment industry.” Nora: “There’s really no need.” 
She was not interested in acting at all. She only wanted to complete her mission and go back to sleep! 
The director did not believe her. “How could you not want it? If not, then why did you scuttle in front of the camera? I noticed you the moment you entered. You’ve been trying to approach the camera for a while. Although you’re very careful, it’s obvious that you’re doing this for the camera!” 
Nora: “?” 
She explained calmly, “I’m not doing this for the camera.” 
“Then why?” 
The director questioned. 
Nora: “…”
Of course, it was for file 004! 
But could she say that? 
No, she couldn’t! 
She was a new student, so it was very odd for her to need a file from here! 
Nora thought about this and was about to reply to the director when Kelvin’s deep voice interrupted. “What else could it be for? It’s for me!” 
Nora: “” 
The director: “?” 
Kelvin walked over and looked at Nora. “I know. You’re my fan. You’re crazy about me, but this is the production team. Please don’t interrupt our shoot.” 
With that, Kelvin touched his nose and looked at the director. “Director, since she likes me so much, why don’t we let her stay beside me? Someone has to come to the archives to make it seem more real.” 
The director: “…Okay, let’s do that!” 
Nora: “…” 
She looked at Kelvin and was about to speak when Kelvin said, “When the filming starts, don’t look at me like that. You have to pretend not to know me, okay? Although it’s difficult for you to not like me, bear with it for the shoot.” 
Nora: “!!”
Bear with it?! 
Moreover, why was this confident and narcissistic look so familiar?! 
Nora was about to speak when the director shouted and the filming began. 
She immediately retracted her thoughts and turned to take out a file on the bookshelf. 
The file was labeled 009. 
009? 
Nora’s eyes suddenly lit up! The library’s files were regularly needed. 
They were all placed in order. 
If 009 was here, then 004 must be in this row! 
As she thought about this, Nora quickly turned around. She retracted all her thoughts, including how Kelvin had taken advantage of her earlier. She began to look for her file in the row seriously… 
004 was the V16 her mother had left behind!! 
She had to find it! 
Sure enough, beside 009 was 008, followed by 007, 006, and 005. Then, beside 005 was… 004!! 
###Chapter 820
Nora took down the file beside 005. At the same time, she felt a little nervous. 
V16 concerned Xander’s life and Justin had faked his death for this. Furthermore, the bosses of a certain industry were all eyeing this medicine covetously. 
Now, this drug was in her hands? 
As she was thinking, she looked down and saw that the title of the file in her hand was… Archive 003? 
Nora’s eyes were slightly stunned. 
She took a closer look and saw that it was indeed 003. When she opened it, she realized that it was about the data of a mouse experiment that was once done by the school 50 years ago. 
The data was critical, it was indicated that it was because of this set of experimental data that a vaccine was successfully created. 
However, it had nothing to do with the gene serum. 
Nora put down 003 and flipped forward unwillingly. She found 002 and 001. She continued to flip back. It was 005. This row continued until 035, but there was no 004! 
Nora frowned and turned around, wanting to continue looking at the shelf beside her. 
Just as she was about to walk over, a loud clap suddenly came from behind. 
Nora: “?” 
She looked up in a daze and saw the director and the others looking at her. The director praised, “This lady, you’re really too talented in acting! You vividly portrayed the appearance of a genius looking for a
certain piece of information! You were so engrossed. It was as if you had completely forgotten the existence of the camera. You’re simply a born actor!” 
Nora: “?” 
She had indeed forgotten about the camera because she was about to find 004. 
The corners of her mouth twitched. The director stepped forward and handed her a card. “If you’re interested in acting, you can contact me!” 
IIII 
Nora glanced at the name card silently. 
Kelvin beside him also walked over slowly. His tall figure stood beside Nora. The two of them looked very pleasing to the eye. The director looked at them and sighed. “Kelvin, your partner has already been confirmed but how good would it have been to let this lady play your girlfriend? The feeling when you two stand together is too strong! The two of you look like real lovers!” 
Nora: “!” 
She took a wary step back and leaned to the side. 
However, she heard a low laugh. She turned her head and saw “Kelvin” smiling maliciously. He lowered his head and smiled. “Nora, why? Do you really want to act as a couple with me?” 
Nora: “…” 
Nora rolled her eyes and took two steps to the side to maintain a distance from Kelvin. 
The director seemed to want to say something else. Nora interrupted them. “Are you done filming?”
“I’m done filming.” 
The director then realized something and looked at Kelvin. “Let’s go film the next scene! Kelvin, we’re going to film the scene where you meet your girlfriend. This part needs to be more romantic.” 
Nora ignored them and continued to flip through the files. 
She did not see “Kelvin” glance at her and immediately laugh softly. “Director, I’m not in a good condition today. I’ll only film the action scenes! As for the romantic scenes, I’ll film them another time!” 
The director: “…Okay, Kelvin. You’re too professional! However, when you were filming earlier, your mood was indeed not right. You did not show the urgency and fear of being chased by bad people…” 
“Kelvin” continued to smile. “Yes, tomorrow. I’ll do a re-take.” 
“But why tomorrow? Can’t we do it now?” 
“…I’ll be better tomorrow. Besides, we rented the library for two hours. Don’t stop others from reading.” 
“Alright, then.” 
The crew packed their equipment and prepared to leave. 
Before leaving, Kelvin turned back and looked at Nora, who was searching through the files seriously. His eyes were filled with deep longing and a smile. 
Nora was really cute sometimes! 
The production team left and the library became quiet.
Nora searched through the archives once again. In the end, she felt helpless and went to the librarian. She asked, “Hello. May I ask why some serial numbers are missing in the archive room? Are they lost?” 
The librarian immediately said, “Oh, no. Some of the files’ contents are too important. They’re protected by us. Only tutors and students who have reached a certain level can apply to check them. Why don’t you tell me which file you want to see? I’ll help you.” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “No, there’s no need. I’m just curious.” 
With that, she smiled and glanced at the administrator’s screen before turning to leave the library. 
Outside, she found a random chair and sat down. Then, she picked up her phone and hacked into the library system. She searched the files and entered File 004. 
50 years ago, computers were not widely used. However, later on, many files were entered into an electronic system. 
However, 004 was not recorded. 
The system only showed that 004 was an S-rank file. There was only a physical file. 
Nora: “…” 
She then checked file 048 because she realized that 004 was not the only one missing there. After counting, many serial numbers were not there. 
As it turned out, file 048 also only had a physical file. 
This meant that if she wanted to see Archive 004, she had to become a professor at Staav University or a student of related research projects!
How… troublesome! 
Nora could not wait to break into the archive room at night and steal it. 
However, this would not do. It would attract the attention of those looking for the gene serum. 
Justin had faked his death to make those people turn their eyes away. If she caused too much of a ruckus, the secret might get out any moment. 
When she thought of this, Nora suppressed the urge in her heart and finally decided to think about it carefully! 
– 
Nora did not gain anything from the library. She left the library and returned home. 
The car had just stopped when he saw the old lady from the neighborhood scolding Cherry. “Thief, you’re a thief! You’re so young and yet you don’t learn well. You actually steal!”
###Chapter 821
A lot of people had already surrounded the villa where Nora lived. 
Everyone stood outside and pointed at them. 
Mrs. Long had her hands on her hips as she cursed, “Like I said, these people haven’t even been here a day and they’ve already started stealing! She’s definitely not a good person. We shouldn’t let such a person stay in a district like ours!” 
Someone beside her advised, “Mrs. Long, you’ve been scolding her for so long. The young lady is so cute, she doesn’t look like a thief. Tell me, what did she steal?” 
Mrs. Long immediately said, “She stole my scallion pancake!” 
As soon as she said this, everyone looked at the scallion pancake in Cherry’s hand. She had already eaten half of the pancake and now she was holding the pancake and looking at Mrs. Long with black grape-like eyes. 
Hearing this, Cherry took another bite of scallion pancake. Her mouth was stuffed full, making her look especially cute. 
Someone beside her said, “Mrs. Long, isn’t it just a cake? Can you just let it go? We’re all neighbors, and the child is very young. She might just be hungry if she ate your cake!” 
Mrs. Long sneered, “What do you know? She’s already so bad at a young age. She’s a crooked stick! Do you know what her father does? He’s a worker! Do you know what her mother does? She’s so young and doesn’t look like a proper mother at all! I think she didn’t even go to school and just fooled around with a man. She gave birth to these three little bastards! She gave birth early but didn’t raise them well. If we let them stay here, they’ll become the stinky bugs in our district sooner or later!” 
With that, everyone looked at Cherry in confusion.
However, Cherry took another bite of the pancake. Her clear eyes were staring at Mrs. Long as she stood there and asked, “Grandma, who is a stinky bug?” 
Mrs. Long immediately pointed at her. “You are, of course!” 
“Oh.” Cherry smiled and began eating again. 
The scallion pancake was really delicious! 
She took two mouthfuls and the crowd burst into laughter. Before Mrs. Long could understand what was going on, someone beside her laughed. “The little girl is teasing 
you!” 
Mrs. Long: “!” 
From where do children nowadays learn to tease like that? 
She did not react for a moment. 
Cherry shrugged. She had learned this from her mother last time! Although it was an old trick, it was very effective in angering others! 
The vicious old woman was so angry that her chest was heaving. Cherry grinned and continued to eat her scallion pancake. 
Mrs. Long took a few deep breaths. Her fingers were trembling. “You little girl, you have a sharp tongue. I can tell at a glance that you won’t be a good person when you grow up. I think you’re going to be like your mother. You’re so young, you didn’t learn to be good. You’ll live well with bad men!” 
Cherry did not understand her words but her eyes lit up. “Do you think I’ll be like my mommy?”
Mommy was so strong. How good would it be if she was like her?! 
Therefore, she grinned. “Thank you!” 
Mrs. Long was really furious. “Look, look. Her skin is so thick. I scolded her and she thanked me! What right does a person like her have to stay with us?” 
“Alright, alright.” Some people could not stand it anymore and stepped forward. “The little girl looks fine. She doesn’t look like she comes from a bad family at all. Mrs. Long, you must have some misunderstanding. Besides, if she came from a bad family, could she afford to rent a house here?” 
Although the houses here were cheap, not everyone could rent them. 
Mrs. Long immediately said, “Heh, that’s not right. Today, she stole my family’s scallion pancake. She might steal your watch tomorrow! Do we have to guard against thieves every day if we stay here? Are you willing to do that?” 
These words made everyone around shut their mouths. 
No matter who it was, they did not want to be neighbors with a thief. 
Therefore, everyone looked at Cherry and said, “Young lady, I think you should apologize to Mrs. Long! Isn’t it just a scallion pancake? Your parents will definitely be able to afford it. Apologize well and repent. We won’t pursue the matter with you!” 
Mrs. Long sneered as well. “Heh, apologize? You can’t apologize about this. Why don’t we call the police? We have to get the police to teach this little brat a lesson!” 
“Don’t call the police!”
“That’s right. It’s just a small matter. We’re all neighbors. Why must you do this?” 
“The child is only five years old. What does she know? Mrs. Long, don’t fuss too much…” 
When the others heard this, they began trying to persuade her. 
Only then did Mrs. Long look at Cherry. “Alright, then let her kneel and apologize to me! Kneel to me as an apology!” 
Kneel and apologize… 
This was too humiliating. 
Although everyone felt that Mrs. Long was being a little too much, they still looked at Cherry. Someone advised, “Young lady, just kneel! Get down on your knees!” 
Cherry pursed her lips. “I’m not doing that!” 
She had never knelt for anyone before! 
Her grandparents could not bear to make her kneel and her mother protected her as well. As for the grandfather and great-grandmother she met when she returned to New York, they all wished they could treat her well. How could they make her kneel? 
Cherry said, “I didn’t do anything wrong. I didn’t steal her pancake!” 
“You didn’t steal it?” Mrs. Long sneered. “You’re still lying even now? If you didn’t steal my pancake then why is my pancake in your hand?” 
Cherry took another bite of scallion pancake. “You gave this to me!” 
Everyone was shocked and looked at Mrs. Long
However, Mrs. Long straightened her back and sneered. “I gave it to you? Then I accused you of stealing my family’s pancakes? You’re really funny. Do I have nothing better to do than bullying a child like you? I didn’t plan on fussing about you stealing one of my pancakes, but you’re even lying now. You’re hopeless!”
###Chapter 822
Nora stood in the crowd and looked at Cherry silently. 
She was not anxious because Cherry was so calm. She must have a plan. 
Otherwise, Pete and Xander would have rushed out of the house a long time ago. The two had a sister complex. Why would they keep watching as if it was some show? 
She looked inside coldly. 
Mrs. Long’s words were clearly more believable. After all, there was no need for an old lady to target a child. Furthermore, they had just moved in, so there was no dispute. 
Therefore, everyone looked at Cherry and advised, “Little kid, you should apologize! Stop being stubborn!” 
Of course, there were also people who trusted Cherry, but Mrs. Long was very domineering. Especially because her son worked in NTT, she became even more domineering. They could not offend her, so they advised, “Little kid, stop being stubborn. Apologize!” 
Cherry pursed her lips. “You’re the one who gave it to me!” 
She took another bite of the scallion pancake and chewed. 
Mrs. Long looked at the others and sighed heavily. “See? She’s so young but she still doesn’t admit to her mistakes! Can you tolerate a child like this living here? I won’t call the police but I suggest we make them leave! I don’t want to be neighbors with such people!” 
Cherry blinked. “Bad Grandma, call the police. You’re the one who gave me this pancake! I didn’t steal it!”
When the person beside her saw that she was still saying that, he immediately said, “Child, stop talking. Where’s your mom? Call her out quickly! You said that Mrs. Long gave it to you. Do you have evidence? If you don’t, Mrs. Long will definitely not let you off. You…” 
As the kind person was persuading her, Cherry said, “Who said I don’t have evidence?” 
She blinked and took another bite of the scallion pancake. Her other hand reached into her pocket, it looked like she was going to take out her phone. 
Nora’s eyes curved slightly. 
Little Smarty. 
She knew that Cherry would definitely not lose. Mrs. Long had scolded them yesterday and she definitely had ill intentions for coming to give them scallion pancakes today. Although Cherry was more straightforward and not as perceptive as Pete and Xander, she was not so stupid as to fall for the bad guy’s trap. 
She definitely had evidence! 
As Nora thought about this, she saw Cherry take out her phone and say, “I have…” 
Cherry was about to say that she had evidence when a weak voice suddenly sounded. 
“I… I-I can prove it…” 
Everyone turned around and saw a thin girl in her twenties slowly raising her hand. 
Nora, who was about to walk forward, stopped in her tracks. 
The girl was very thin and short. She looked very weak and had a timid expression.
Although she looked a little like Mia, Mia was the pampered daughter of the Smiths. She looked small and weak, her figure was so slender that others couldn’t help but protect her. 
However, this girl seemed like the kind of person who came out to work because of bad family conditions… 
This was the first impression she gave to Nora. 
Of course, Nora knew who this girl was. Cindy had already given her information on everyone who lived here. She had made sure that there was no danger before daring to let the three children stay there. 
The girl’s name was Rene. She was an orphan and had been adopted by a couple in Switzerland. However, her adoptive parents did not treat her well. They had beaten and scolded her since she was young. She had only escaped from that house when she was older and was currently living here with her boyfriend. 
They were poor, but they were stubborn and had been working hard. Cindy pitied their plight and had reduced their rent. The house they rented was the smallest and in the worst condition. 
Rene spoke softly as well. It conveyed the trauma of enduring domestic violence. When she spoke, she did not dare to look at anyone. Her long hair covered one-third of her face. “I can prove that just now, when Mrs. Long… She-she gave the child a scallion pancake. I… I was there… I saw it…” Rene had a pitiful background that everyone knew about. Everyone believed her words. 
Therefore, they immediately turned to look at Mrs. Long 
“Mrs. Long, what’s going on?” 
“Yes! How can you bully a child?”
“You’re too evil! We’re all Americans. We’re from the same country. How can you bully one of our own?” 
II 
At this moment, Mrs. Long knew she had been exposed. She immediately said unhappily, “Alright, alright. I was just teasing her. What’s wrong? I was just joking! Alright, disperse! What are you looking at?” 
Mrs. Long placed her hands on her hips. “My son works in NTT. Do you think I won’t ask him to stand up for me?” 
With that, half the people around instantly dispersed. 
NTT was now so popular in Switzerland that everyone had bits and pieces of it in their lives. No one wanted to offend NTT executives. 
When most of the people had left, Mrs. Long looked at Rene and said fiercely, “Rene, you’re really a busybody! Why? Are you here to prove that you’re impressive? Do you think you’re a messenger of justice? I think you should worry about yourself before you try to mess with others!” 
With that, she sneered. “Your boyfriend seems to be working in NTT too!” 
She immediately panicked. “Mrs. Long, w-what do you mean?” 
“What do I mean? Heh, your boyfriend is just a worker in NTT but my son is a senior executive. You dared to mess with me over a little girl. Fine, I’ll see if your boyfriend can still stay in NTT! Let’s see!” 
After saying this, Mrs. Long glared fiercely at Rene and turned to enter her house. However, she suddenly saw Nora standing behind her and was shocked.
However, Mrs. Long quickly recovered and smiled sarcastically. “Say, Miss Smith, I think you should still move away with your three children! Otherwise, if my son finds out that I was bullied today, I really can’t say what he’ll do! Also, if Rene’s boyfriend loses his job, they’ll become homeless. Then, It’ll all be because of you!” 
With that, she raised her head arrogantly and entered her house ruthlessly. 
She slammed the door shut. 
Rene’s body trembled in fear when the door was closed. Then, her eyes turned red as her entire body trembled. She must have been frightened. 
Would her boyfriend really lose his job?
###Chapter 823
Nora walked over to Rene. She was about to talk to her but, as though she was badly frightened, Rene suddenly turned away and ran into the smallest house at the side. 
Nora: “…” 
Through the window, she saw Rene pick up her cell phone, her hands shaking as she did. She seemingly made a phone call. The person she called said something, which frightened Rene so badly that her eyes reddened and she started to cry. 
Nora frowned. 
Rene seemed to have sensed Nora looking at her. She was so scared that she suddenly drew the curtains and curled up in the corner. As for what she was doing, Nora couldn’t see. 
“Mommy, isn’t Auntie Rene a little too timid?” 
Nora nodded. After a moment’s thought, she told Cherry to go back into the house. She then walked up to Rene’s door, raised her hand, and knocked on the door. 
Rene’s timid voice rang out. “W-who is it?” 
Nora replied, “I’m your neighbor, I live next door. Thank you for speaking up for Cherry…” 
“Y-you’re welcome.” 
Rene sounded like she was about to cry. “Please, I beg you, don’t come to me anymore. I… I don’t want him to lose his job…” 
Nora hurriedly comforted her. “He won’t lose his job, don’t worry. Can you open the door? I have something to tell you.”
“I-I have nothing to say to you. P-please don’t disturb me, okay?”. 
Rene stammered a little when she spoke and she didn’t sound confident of herself. 
Nora’s brows knitted together. She wanted to knock on the door again, but the door to Mrs. Long’s house on the opposite side opened at this point. Mrs. Long sneered, “She won’t dare to open the door for you. Considering how much of a coward she is, if she dares to open the door for you, then wouldn’t she offend me? If her boyfriend loses his job, she will have to go back to her family! When that happens, her foster father will beat her to death!” 
After saying this, Mrs. Long started ranting again. 
“Don’t step forward to speak up for others if you’re not that capable. If you do something, you must be brave enough to own up to it. Heh, your boyfriend must be really unlucky to fall for you. He’s a graduate from a prestigious university-and Staav University at that—so why did he fall in love with someone like you? When my son came home a few days ago, he even mentioned your boyfriend and said that he was planning to promote him. But now…? He can forget about getting promoted! And just wait to be fired instead!” 
Se 
Mrs. Long was very loud. Rene’s rental house was the most rundown one of the lot, so sound insulation was not very good. Therefore, she heard everything that Mrs. Long said. At once, she huddled up in fear and even started shaking all over. 
Nora broke into a frown and she sneered, “It’s not certain who will be the one to get fired yet!” 
Mrs. Long curled her lips disdainfully. “Tsk, tsk. Are you still talking big even at this point? Heh, maybe you’re just not aware of the situation here—my son is her boyfriend’s direct superior!!”
Nora wanted to say something, but Rene’s door suddenly opened. Rene, who was thin and skinny just like a sheet of paper, appeared. She looked at Mrs. Long timidly and then, with choked sobs, she said, “I was wrong! P-please don’t fire my boyfriend! I was wrong! Please, I’ll even get down on my knees!” 
As she spoke, she really got down on her knees with a thud. 
Mrs. Long, however, was unmoved. 
At this moment, a male voice suddenly reached them. 
“Rene, what are you doing? Get up!” 
Along with the strong and firm voice, a big and tall figure rushed over. The man looked about 23 or 24 years old and was obviously a fresh college graduate. There was a sense of boyishness from having just entered the working class on his face. 
He was wearing a suit and looked like someone from upper-class society, yet his actions and behavior carried a sense of boyishness. He looked very bright and cheerful and was very dashing. 
He rushed over and held Rene up. 
Rene, whose voice was nasal from crying, said, “Liam, I’m sorry, I’ve caused you trouble. You have a promising future ahead of you, I mustn’t hold you back. Sob…” 
Upon hearing this, Liam Martin pulled Rene up even more forcefully. He said loudly and firmly, “Rene, don’t be afraid! I told you that I would protect you! Since I’ve taken you out of that house, I will definitely protect you! Even if I can’t continue with this job, I can still get other jobs! Trust me!” 
Rene looked at him timidly. “No, no, it’s my fault. If I get on my knees and beg Mrs. Long, she will forgive you. I can’t mess with your career…”
Liam sighed. “Rene! That’s enough! Alright, I’ll handle this. Go back into the house, 
okay?” 
Rene wanted to say something but Liam reached out a finger and pressed it against her lips. “Alright, just go in first! I’ll handle this.” 
A dazed Rene glanced at him before she finally lowered her head, her long hair covering her face as though this was the only way she could feel safe. 
She slowly retreated into the house. 
Liam closed the door and then looked at Nora. Nora was about to explain when Liam said, “You don’t need to say anything, Rene has already told me everything that happened. She did the right thing!” 
After saying that, he looked at Mrs. Long. “You’re already in your sixties, yet you bullied a five-year-old? Do you think that makes you very impressive? You may scare Rene, but you won’t scare me!” 
Mrs. Long sneered, “It seems that you really don’t plan on staying in NTT anymore, right? Okay, I’ll call my son right away!” 
She took out her cell phone and made a phone call. In no time, someone answered, upon which her son, Fred Long’s, voice rang out. “What’s up, Mom?” 
After Mrs. Long told him what had happened, Fred sneered and said, “I see. Don’t worry, Mom, I’ll make him pay!” 
Then, Fred shouted into the phone again. 
“Liam, I know you are listening. You can go straight to HR tomorrow to hand in your resignation! NTT does not welcome people like you!”
With that, Fred hung up. 
Mrs. Long sneered and glanced at Nora and Liam again. She said, “Ms. Smith, he was fired entirely because of you!” 
Nora’s eyes were already narrowed. She said dispassionately, “He won’t be fired.” 
When Mrs. Long heard this, she scoffed. “Do you think you’re a supervisor in NTT? You’re saying that he won’t be fired?” 
Nora replied, “NTT is well-known in the industry for being fair and just. Liam has not made any mistakes, NTT has no right to fire him!” 
Mrs. Long found her words hilarious. “My goodness, you sure are naive! Do you think this is a utopia? Or do you think you’re in a movie? Not only is NTT’s hierarchy very strict, but Liam is also a fresh college graduate. He has no one in NTT who can speak up for him! My son can easily fire him!” 
“Really?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “Then let’s see who will be fired tomorrow!”
###Chapter 824
Nora spoke very lightly, but her words chilled Mrs. Long 
She frowned, but she still felt that the woman in front of her was just talking big, so she said, “Okay, then let’s wait and see!” 
After she spoke, she even looked at Liam viciously and said, “What are you acting like a knight in shining armor here for? I’ll wait for you to come crying to beg me tomorrow!” 
She snorted loudly and entered her house. 
After Mrs. Long went in, Liam finally looked at Nora. 
Nora immediately said, “You won’t be fired, don’t worry.” 
This was a statement. 
However, Liam obviously didn’t believe her. He smiled wryly and said, “You don’t have to blame yourself. Don’t worry, I got into NTT with my own capabilities, so even if I’m fired, I can still support Rene and myself. We’re neighbors and even fellow Americans, so let’s watch out for each other in the future.” 
He entered the house with an anxious look all over his face. Then, the sound of Liam softly coaxing Rene came from the house. 
Nora did not enter her house. 
Instead, she stood outside and listened for a while. 
Something was very wrong with the state Rene was in. Not only did she wear shabby clothes, but her hair was also dirty and greasy, making her look just like a homeless person on the streets.
Moreover, when she heard Mrs. Long say that her boyfriend would be fired, her reaction had also been highly abnormal, so much so that it even made Nora dubious as to whether Liam was a good boyfriend or not. 
After all, Liam was leading a glamorous life outside, so why would Rene look like this at home? 
She was worried that Liam was not what he seemed like, so she’d deliberately stayed behind to eavesdrop on them. 
When she was surfing the Internet recently, she had learned that a lot of men emotionally manipulate their girlfriends. They would say things like “It’s a blessing that an excellent man like me is interested in you” and “No one will want you except me’, and use notions like these to completely control a woman’s thoughts and make them feel that they couldn’t live without them. 
The fact that Rene was unemployed and the way she’d looked so scared and horrified at the thought of Liam being fired was very similar to how women under their boyfriends’ control would behave. 
However, despite her eavesdropping on them outside for a long while, all Nora heard was Liam coaxing Rene in an extremely patient manner. Rene’s condition also gradually improved. 
Although she kept apologizing, in the end, the two still went off sweetly to prepare dinner. 
Liam sincerely treated Rene well. 
Nora turned and returned to her villa. 
Cindy was preparing dinner for her and the children. When she saw her, she said, “I didn’t go out when Mrs. Long came over…” 
She was afraid that Mrs. Long would become suspicious of Nora’s identity if she saw her.
Nora nodded, indicating that she’d done well. She then asked, “What’s up with Rene and Liam from next door?” 
Cindy replied, “Liam is really a very good man and he also really loves Rene. Liam graduated from a famous university and he also comes from a very good family. But out of everyone, he simply fell in love with Rene, who has been a victim of domestic violence since she was a child. Doesn’t Rene look just like a beggar in front of him? When Liam brought her home, his family disapproved of their relationship, so he decided to simply move out and live by himself with Rene! Sigh! For Rene, Liam is her redemption.” 
Nora: “…” 
Her brows knitted together a little. “What’s wrong?” Cindy asked. Nora smiled. “It’s nothing.” 
Then, she added, “I was just thinking that I’ve never seen love like that between the two of them before.” 
A handsome and cheerful boy who was high up in the air and had grown up in a well-to-do family, and a filthy girl who was timid, overcautious, and jumpy… No matter how one looked at it, they simply looked like a strange combination. 
Nevertheless, in order to give the pair of lovers a happy ending, Nora still picked up her cell phone and made a phone call. 
“Yeah, it’s me. Make some arrangements for me—I want to fire someone and retain someone else in the company.” 
Early the next morning. 
When Liam woke up, he saw that Rene was already up and was preparing breakfast for him.
Rene’s fingernails were a little long and the undersides were also a little grimy. She looked slovenly but Liam knew that it was because she didn’t dare to cut her nails. 
Since she was a child, cutting her nails had always been a form of torture for her. 
Her adoptive parents abused her and had even gone so far as to pluck out her nails before. The pain made her never want to cut her nails for the rest of her life. 
Therefore, she never cut her nails unless she absolutely had to. Usually, when they got too long, she would just bite them off. 
She put a slice of butter in between bread slices and handed it to Liam. 
Without finding it dirty, Liam took the bread from her and took a bite. 
After he finished breakfast, he gave Rene a kiss on her forehead. The look in Rene’s eyes turned gentle and blissful at once, the way she looked at him was as though he was the only light in her life. 
Liam smiled and pinched her cheek. “Why are you so cute, Rene? Don’t worry, even if I’m fired, I will still find a way to feed us, so don’t be scared.” 
Rene nodded happily. Then, she said, “Well, y-you may not necessarily be dismissed from the company. Besides… Besides, I-I can also go and find a job. I-I can also contribute a little to this family.” 
Liam touched her head. “Yeah, my little Rene has grown up.” 
After saying that, he picked up a folder, put on a suit, and left the house. 
But after he stepped out, his expression sank. 
He expelled a heavy breath of air.
Fred happened to be his superior. According to NTT’s regulations, Fred could decide whether Liam stayed or left all by himself. 
Therefore, Liam knew that there was no chance of him lucking out today. 
When he was walking out with his head down, he happened to see Mrs. Long standing at the door and looking at him with a big smile like a victor. 
“Liam, I will show you today just how wicked and sinister this society is! So what even if you’re a Staav University graduate? If you must blame someone, then you can just blame yourself for having bad taste and falling in love with such a slovenly woman. However, I can still give you a way out-how about you break up with that woman? My niece is an excellent girl, I can introduce you to each other. If the two of you are in a relationship, my son will take care of you…”
###Chapter 825
Nora heard what Mrs. Long said the moment she stepped out of her house in the morning. 
She frowned, wanting to say something. But when she looked over, she saw Rene hiding at the window of her house. She was staring nervously at Liam, her eyes fixed on him as if she was afraid that he would not want her anymore. 
She was so nervous that her hands were tightly wrung, but she didn’t have the courage to call out to him, interrupt Mrs. Long, or argue with her. 
Her hair was still dirty and greasy because she was unwilling to wash it and the clothes she wore were old and worn out. Her head was constantly down and she looked like she didn’t have any confidence at all. 
It wouldn’t even be surprising if she was mistaken as a beggar when she walked down the streets. 
Someone like her certainly seemed out of place next to Liam. 
On the other side, Mrs. Long was still talking. “Rene is a piece of trash. Besides, she has been abused by her adoptive parents since she was a child!. Liam, you shouldn’t throw away your future because of someone like her!” 
Liam sighed. The cheerful man said, “I’m not going to leave Rene.” 
His firm voice made Rene’s eyes overflow with happiness. 
Mrs. Long wasn’t pleased, though. “How come you can’t even distinguish between something good and bad? Your family will never accept a wife like her! Did your parents raise you just to let you marry a good- for-nothing like her?” 
Liam sighed. “She’s not a good-for-nothing!”
Liam walked towards the gates. “I’m going to work. I’ll be late if I stay any longer.” 
However, Mrs. Long grabbed his sleeve. “Liam, listen to me, my niece…” 
“Is your niece so ugly she can’t even find a man by herself?” 
Nora’s light words interrupted Mrs. Long’s boasting of her niece. She was stunned for a moment, and then she abruptly turned to look at Nora. “What a busybody! Mind your own business!” 
Nora smiled sarcastically. 
Mrs. Long retracted her outstretched arm. Having failed to achieve her goal, Mrs. Long was very indignant. She snorted coldly. “Liam, I will give you your options here and now. The first: Stay with that beggar and get fired today! 
“Second, break up with that pushover and I will let bygones be bygones. My son will take care of you in NTT, so you will definitely rise through the ranks!” 
Nora also looked at Liam. 
Liam sighed helplessly and shook his head. “I told you, I will never abandon Rene.” 
After saying that, Liam went straight out the door. 
Mrs. Long yelled angrily, “Fine, you refuse to choose, right? What an ingrate, you can just wait for my son to fire you!” 
Liam ignored her completely and walked away. 
Mrs. Long stomped her foot angrily. When she turned and saw the smile on Nora’s lips, she suddenly became annoyed. “What are you laughing at? He’s going to be fired all because of you! He is being chauvinistic now, so he won’t blame you for it yet, but what about in the future? When he thinks of how
he once had a great future waiting for him yet it was shattered because of you, do you think he won’t blame you for it in the future?” 
Nora ignored the lunatic. 
She had already notified Cindy to evict Mrs. Long and drive them away. 
Nora, who couldn’t be bothered to talk to her, simply walked out the door without even a side-glance. 
Liam walked down the road, his head down. 
Although he had comforted Rene and said that he might not lose his job, he knew very well that Fred had always been very domineering and had been suppressing newcomers like him in the company. Since Mrs. Long had complained the day before, Fred definitely wouldn’t let him off. 
There was a 90% probability that he would be fired when he went to work today. 
He sighed. 
He took out his cell phone and sent his resume to other companies, hoping that a company would immediately hire him after he was fired. 
Otherwise, Rene would really feel guilty. 
He called many of his ex-classmates, hoping that they could get him a job through referrals. Unfortunately, all his ex-classmates had only just entered the working society, so none of them were qualified to give referrals. 
An ex-classmate even sent him a message: ‘Liam, you went to the best company. Why are you changing jobs?’
Liam didn’t know how to answer. 
He sighed, put down his phone, and got on the bus. 
Even though he had gone from being a rich boy to a life where he had to take a bus whenever he was out, Liam did not feel uncomfortable at all. 
Before he knew it, the bus had arrived. 
Liam alighted from the bus and subconsciously glanced at his watch 8:55. 
it was 
Oh no, he was going to be late. 
Liam hurriedly ran to the company, but as he ran, he suddenly realized that he was going there to be fired. Even if he was late, it didn’t really matter, right? 
Liam slowed down. 
He became downcast and dejected again. 
After he reached the company at the last moment, he sat in his seat. The person next to him suddenly leaned over and whispered, “Hey Liam, did you offend Fred or what? Why did he ask for you with a long face the moment he arrived at work today? Also, I saw him calling HR just now and saying that he wants to fire you!” 
The last ray of hope in Liam’s heart was gone. 
He’d originally hoped that Fred wouldn’t act based on his emotions but only now did he realize that he was exactly someone like that.
Liam clenched his fists. 
Although he had just graduated, his salary here was very high, enough to support him and Rene. He was also used to being a big spender and everything he ate and drank was the best of the lot. 
Thus, he didn’t have much savings. What was he going to do during his job-hunting period after he gets fired? 
While he was thinking about this, Liam’s arm was suddenly bumped. He looked up to see Fred standing in front of him. 
Liam hurriedly stood up and said, “Mr. Long, about what happened last night, I…” 
“There’s nothing much to say about it.” With a big belly, Fred said, “You will receive your letter of dismissal in a while…” 
As he said that, an HR staff member walked in with a letter of dismissal.
###Chapter 826
Liam stared blankly at the HR manager walking in, utterly stunned. 
He didn’t expect it to come so quickly. 
He said in a daze, “How can this be?” 
Fred smirked smugly. “I told you, in NTT, a word from me is enough to decide your life and death! Liam, you are simply too insensible. You’ve really disappointed me!” 
Liam: “!” 
Fred then lowered his head and suddenly said, “By the way, did you send your resume to other companies? If so, then I’ll tell you this 
-in the name of NTT senior management, I will be punishing you for dereliction of duty. With this, let’s see which company would dare to hire you!” 
If he were to shoulder such a penalty, Liam’s career would be ruined. 
It was useless even if he was a Staav University graduate! 
Liam’s eyes widened and he clenched his fists tightly. 
Seeing how he was obviously livid yet he still had to bear with it, Fred raised his eyebrows, feeling as pleased as punch. He simply loved how fantastic it felt seeing someone dislike him yet unable to do anything to him. 
“Pack up your things… Oh, you don’t have much to pack anyway. You guys, watch him, don’t let him take away anything confidential from the company! You’d best leave obediently, otherwise, I’ll call the security!”
Liam, whose fists were balled up, was shaking all over. 
The colleagues around him also found Liam very pitiful. 
At this moment, the company’s HR manager walked up to Fred. 
When Fred saw her, he smiled and said, “Lucy, it’s just a small employee being fired, why have you come in person? You could’ve just let your subordinates run the errand and bring the letter of dismissal instead.” 
In NTT, ordinary HR personnel was enough for the dismissal of low-ranking employees. Only when someone from the senior management was being dismissed would the HR manager be personally involved. 
Thus, Fred felt that Lucy was kinda making a mountain out of a molehill today. 
Lucy looked at him and opened her mouth. But before she could speak, Fred looked at Liam. “Lucy, a general manager, has personally come to deliver the letter of dismissal! You’d better just leave obediently! It’s best that you don’t make any trouble or embarrass yourself!” 
After saying this, Fred looked at Lucy triumphantly. “Lucy, come on, take out the letter of dismissal! Don’t waste everyone’s time.” 
Lucy slowly looked at the dismissal letter in her hand, seemingly thinking about what to say. “How should I say this…” 
The way she looked as though she was in a dilemma pleased Fred, who said, “Isn’t it just a letter of dismissal? Don’t worry, Lucy, the company would definitely have their reasons for dismissing an
employee! Besides, no matter who it is, would they dare to sue NTT? After all, NTT has the most powerful team of lawyers in the world!” 
After he spoke, he looked at Liam. “I should think that no one would dare to make any trouble in NTT, right?”. 
Every word of his was warning Liam against making a scene! 
It was useless even if he did make a scene, NTT would definitely have a legitimate reason for dismissing him. Even if he took them to court, there was no way he would win. This was the darkness of society! 
Fred, who was terribly excited, stared at Liam. 
Liam took a deep breath. He didn’t want to make a scene, either. He had feelings for NTT. He didn’t want to give himself a bad impression of NTT just because of Fred. 
He picked up his bag without taking anything else, stood up, and grabbed the letter of dismissal from the HR manager. He looked down at it… The next moment, when he saw the name on the letter of dismissal, his eyes suddenly widened. 
There was even a moment when he felt that he must be seeing things. 
He rubbed his eyes. 
Fred was still saying, “Liam, although you haven’t been in NTT long, you should still work hard after you go to other companies. Don’t make the same mistakes you made in NTT again…” 
Liam turned his head in disbelief and looked at Fred. 
Fred was still smiling. “What now? You don’t want to leave anymore? It’s no use begging me now… Once the dismissal letter is out, it’s impossible to keep you in the company anymore…”
The HR manager finally couldn’t bear to watch anymore. She sighed heavily and said, “Sorry, Fred, I’m going to announce the company’s decision now.” 
Everyone around them was looking at them, so Fred said, “Oh, yes, of course. This is the company’s decision, so of course, it has to be announced. Lucy, you can say it! No matter what, I will always support the company’s decision.” 
Lucy sighed again and glanced at him. 
Then, she took the dismissal letter from Liam and stuffed it into Fred’s hand. 
Fred said, “… Are you telling me to hand the dismissal letter to Liam myself? So that it will look more formal?” 
But as soon as the question came out, Lucy said, “Fred, you’re fired.”
###Chapter 827
Fred: “?” 
Fred frowned, but then immediately smiled. “Lucy, what kind of joke is this?” 
After speaking, he lowered his head and looked at the dismissal letter in his hand. “It’s not funny at all.” 
But as soon as he spoke, he saw that the name on the letter was indeed Fred Long. 
Fred was dumbfounded. 
He felt that he must have read it wrong. He rubbed his eyes and looked at it again. 
For the first time, Fred felt like he couldn’t quite recognize his name anymore. 
How did this… How could this happen?! 
Fred raised his head sharply and looked at Lucy. “Did you make a mistake? Why would I be fired? Who gave you the guts to fire me?” 
Lucy replied, “It’s Jesse.” 
Jesse happened to be Fred’s direct superior. Fred usually shared a good relationship with him. One could say that it was precisely because of Jesse that Fred could do whatever he wanted in the company. Therefore, he didn’t believe it at all. “That’s impossible! What’s the reason? Why would Jesse fire me?!” 
Lucy sighed. “The reason for dismissal is written in the letter.” 
Fred hurriedly opened the dismissal letter, upon which he saw things he had done recently that violated the company’s principles listed one after another. Everything was clearly listed.
Fred swallowed. He suddenly looked at Lucy. “Where’s Jesse? I want to see him!” 
However, Lucy took a step back. “Jesse doesn’t want to see you, so please leave.” 
After saying that, she paused and went on. “You said it yourself just now—the company must have their reasons for dismissing an employee! And no matter who is dismissed, would they dare to sue NTT? NTT has the best team of lawyers in the world! 
“So, I should think that no one would dare to make any trouble in NTT, right?” 
“I’m already showing you a lot of courtesy by personally handing over the dismissal letter. Don’t embarrass yourself anymore.” 
Se 
“If you don’t leave, I’ll have to call the security. I think you wouldn’t want the security officers to drag you out, right? That would be really unbecoming.” 
“Oh, by the way, because you were fired for such major mistakes, we will be declaring all of this on your employment record. This may have a certain impact on your job search in the future, but my dear friend, I believe you can overcome this, right?” 
Every sentence she spoke was the same as what Fred had said to Liam just now, which made Fred feel as if someone had just slapped him across the cheek. He couldn’t say anything at all. 
He looked at Lucy in shock. 
Lucy tilted her head and gestured to the outside. “This way, please.” 
As they say, everyone kicked the man when he was down. Everyone had long been dissatisfied with Fred’s behavior, so the moment she said those things, someone said, “By the way, when Liam was being fired just now, he was asked not to take anything from the company. Then what about Mr. Long?” 
“Of course, he’s not allowed to, either,” Lucy replied with a straight face. She then looked at Liam. “Liam, since you’re still working with us, why don’t you be responsible for monitoring Fred? Don’t let him take anything related to the company with him when he leaves.” 
Liam, who was still dazed and shocked, only recovered after he was spoken to. He hurriedly replied, “Okay!” 
After speaking, he looked at Lucy again in shock. “D-does this mean I won’t be fired anymore?” 
Lucy nodded. “Yes, the notice to dismiss Fred was issued last night, so strictly speaking, he had already been dismissed by the company this morning. Therefore, the orders he issued are invalid.” 
Liam’s eyes lit up and he suddenly became excited. “Okay!” 
He looked straight at Fred. “Mr. Long… Oh, no, wait, I mean Fred, can you please leave the company at once?” 
Their roles had been instantly reversed. From someone being suppressed, Liam had become the one suppressing others now. 
In this instant, Liam felt indescribably fantastic! 
He was simply too lucky!
Who would have thought that Fred would make a mistake at this juncture?! Jesse was practically his lifesaver! 
“Liam, you’re so lucky!” 
“Yeah! You escaped!” 
Liam chatted and laughed with the others, totally relieved. He didn’t have to leave NTT anymore! He was so happy! 
“I’ll treat you guys to dinner later. Now, I have something important to do.” 
After saying that, Liam took Fred to the latter’s office. 
Fred’s office was separated from the rest. When he entered the office, he was already starting to break down. His eyes were red and swollen. 
After entering, he went straight to the phone without hesitation. 
Liam hurriedly stepped forward to stop him. “What are you doing?” 
“Go away! I’m going to ask Jesse what the hell is going on?” 
Fred pushed Liam away. Liam frowned. He wanted to act resolutely and call for the security officers, but the phone call suddenly went through. 
Fred shouted, “Jesse, you betrayed me! Why? I just want to know why!” 
Liam, who wanted to stop him, paused slightly-he also wanted to know why.
Just as he thought of this, he heard Jesse reply, “Because you’ve offended someone you shouldn’t have!” 
He had offended someone he shouldn’t have? 
Who was it? 
While Fred was thinking about it, next to him, Liam stopped abruptly. Could it be that…
###Chapter 828
Could it be… his neighbor, Ms. Smith? 
S-surely not, right…? 
Liam shook his head and dismissed the idea. It was impossible. 
The previous evening, Ms. Smith had said with certainty that he would be fine… 
But if Ms. Smith was that capable, how could she live in an ordinary neighborhood like theirs? 
Therefore, it couldn’t be her. 
But Ms. Smith’s confident gaze and tone made him uncertain again… 
“Who is it? Who did I offend? Jesse, you have to let me know why this is happening to me!” Fred shouted. 
On the other end, Jesse fell silent for a moment before he finally said, “I told you, you offended someone you shouldn’t have. That’s all I can tell you. Fred, leave. Don’t make any trouble, otherwise, things will become even worse for you.” 
With that, Jesse hung up. 
Fred wanted to call him again, but security officers came in at this point. 
“Fred, please leave the company…” 
Nora reported at Staav University again. 
She had come pretending to be an undergraduate exchange student, so she was assigned a solo dormitory room. Of course, Nora had already submitted an application for living outside of the school premises. It had also been approved.
At Staav University, exchange students must have a classmate partner to guide them in their studies. The counselor had assigned her the best student of their major to guide her. 
She was a very tall girl and was a little chubby. Blond and blue-eyed, she wore glasses and looked like a pedant very particular about things. 
The counselor said, “Oscar, please take care of Lisa for the next three months, okay?” 
Oscar nodded. “Yeah, I will take good care of her. I mean, I’ll try my best, but if she can’t keep up with my pace, I won’t slow down my work just for her because I find that a burden. That’s okay, right?” 
The counselor nodded. “Of course. Lisa is the best student in the Department of Biology at the New York University School of Medicine. Well, you should be able to show her the difference between Staav University and the NYU School of Medicine, right?” 
The New York University School of Medicine’s Department of Biology was not even ranked in the country. They were only able to have an exchange program with an international university like Staav because the New York University School of Medicine’s president had struck a deal with Staav University’s president. 
In truth though, all the students in the department looked down on the New York University School of Medicine. 
Only upon the counselor’s request did Oscar reluctantly agree to the request. She looked at Nora unwillingly and sized her up. She asked, “No offense, but does your school choose exchange students based on how they look?” 
After she said that, afraid that Nora might misunderstand, she shrugged and added, “What I mean is, you’re really pretty.”
This girl looked down on the New York University School of Medicine, so she naturally had a sense of superiority. 
Nora could understand, though. The universities were ranked in America too. Would MIT, Stanford, or Harvard students think highly of bottom-feeders? 
No matter how great the bottom-feeders’ achievements were, star students would always subconsciously have a kind of pride in them. 
Oscar didn’t deliberately suppress it; instead, she displayed it straightforwardly and openly. Nora didn’t dislike her. 
She smiled and said, “You are also very pretty.” 
Oscar shook her head. “But beauty can’t replace knowledge. You should know that the courses in our university are relatively extreme and the lecturers here are all impressive people. The lecturer for our class is a famous figure in the field of biology. His name is Epson, you definitely would’ve heard of him! He is already a top-class figure in the pharmaceutical profession and the drugs he developed have all become the ceiling of the pharmaceutical industry.” 
Nora: “…” 
Her acquaintances were simply everywhere. 
How could she possibly not know Epson? 
That guy used to send her e-mails frequently because he wanted to research a clinical drug with her. Because of the difficulty and precision of the study, Epson had sent her e-mails for a whole year! 
Of course, she hadn’t agreed even now.
Yet she was going to go for his classes now? 
How interesting. 
Nora lowered her head and entered the classroom with Oscar. Oscar had always been a model student, so she wanted to rush straight to the front the moment she entered. 
Unfortunately, because the counselor had summoned her over to meet Nora, they came a little late, so the front row was full. 
Staav University students really loved studying. 
Oscar looked at Nora resentfully. “It seems that we will have to come earlier next time.” 
Nora nodded. 
She and Oscar could only sit in the corner of the last row. 
Even so, many people continued to stream into the classroom after that, some even stood at the back to listen. 
Nora was puzzled. Were there not enough seats in a university as big as Staav? 
Just as she was wondering about this, Oscar relieved her doubts. “Everyone loves Professor Epson’s classes, so people from other majors always come to listen every time he teaches. Sigh! But they are very self-aware, so they will let us have the seats first.” 
Nora: “…” 
The academic atmosphere here sure was intense! 
Even a lazy person like her found it a bit touching
Yeah, it seemed that she had really been too lazy before and had wasted all her time sleeping. In the future, she must… tell the three children never to learn from her! 
The moment she thought of this, Nora yawned. 
She had become sleepy again. 
Oscar looked at her. “You must be serious in class. If you space out for even a moment, you won’t be able to keep up with Professor Epson’s train of thought. During his previous lecture, my stomach simply hurt too much, so I went out for five minutes. When I came back, I felt like he was speaking Greek.” 
“… Aren’t you just exaggerating?” 
“No, I’m not.” Oscar continued. “The theoretical knowledge of students from the New York University School of Medicine is very weak, so it’s okay even if you don’t understand the lecture. I can lend you my notes after the class.” 
Nora paused for a while. She suddenly asked, “I have a question-how can I obtain the qualifications to access a file from the Department of Biology?” 
“Are you talking about File No. 004?” 
Oscar glanced at her again. “You don’t have any chance of that. That file is very precious, only a few in the biology department have ever seen it. There are a few requirements you need to fulfill if you want that access. The first requirement is that you must understand Epson’s lessons.” 
She then said, “One must be grounded in their learning. Take it slowly, step by step. Don’t be greedy.” 
Seeing this, Nora frowned. “What if I can understand Professor Epson’s class?” 
“How can that be?” Oscar obviously found what she said a joke. “Even I can’t fully understand it, so how would you possibly understand?”
As Oscar spoke, Professor Epson came in. As soon as he entered, his eyes swept across the whole class and suddenly fell on Nora.
###Chapter 829
Epson was a big and tall white man. He was 30 years old and a little fat. There was a trace of hostility in his eyes. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Did Epson recognize her? 
But they had never met before! 
While she was wondering, Epson said, “That girl I’ve never seen before, the one in the last row. Yes, you. Tell me your name.” 
As Epson’s voice rang out, all the students in the classroom looked at Nora. 
Although Nora was weirded out, she answered calmly, “Lisa.” “Lisa?” Epson smiled. “You must be the exchange student from the New York University School of Medicine, right?” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” 
Epson lowered his gaze. “Oh, I heard that the courses there are quite simple. By the way, you are from the Department of Biology, right? The professor that your school externally hired… No, she’s not an external hire anymore but an internal one. Have you attended Professor Anti’s classes before?” 
Nora: “” 
She raised her eyebrows, puzzled. “Anti is the director of the Department of Surgery, she’s not from the Department of Biomedicine, so she has never taught classes there.” 
“Is that so?” 
Epson’s voice was full of displeasure when he talked about Anti. “She sure is as arrogant as ever!”
Nora understood now. 
Epson had once sent her an email every day for more than 300 days, but she had never replied to him. To Epson, she must be overly arrogant. 
Epson must have something against Anti! 
Nora did not speak. 
Epson continued. “I have to say that it is really regretful that she has never taught you.” 
Nora: “?! 
The next moment, he went on. “Therefore, you have no way of evaluating our classes, let alone realize that I am actually much better than her.” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little. Her eyes narrowed and she couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to him anymore. 
She simply lowered her head and opened the textbook. 
She had already thoroughly studied and researched biomedicine a long time ago. In order to become Silvester’s student, not only did she have to be skilled in alternative medicine but she also had to have pharmaceutical knowledge. Biomedicine was an important tool in pharmaceuticals. 
When a bored Nora flipped the book from beginning to end, she found that she already knew everything in it, so she simply put the book aside and put her head down on the table. 
The hardest part of becoming a student was that, because she had to go to class at eight o’clock, she had to get up at seven in the morning every day, wash up, and then drive over… 
She was simply too sleepy!
Oscar, who was sitting next to her, stared at Epson nervously, wishing she could record everything he said so that she could go back and study it carefully. 
The girl, who was listening to the class earnestly, turned her head abruptly. When she saw Nora sleeping on the table, she frowned a little and then sighed. 
The two periods were over very soon. In the blink of an eye, it was ten o’clock. 
As they were juniors, they didn’t have that many classes, so there were no more classes for the rest of the day. 
The laughter of her classmates around her made Nora slowly wake up. She raised her head with a groggy look in her eyes. Because she had been sleeping on the table, there was a mark on her cheek. 
“Hahaha! This girl is so cute!” 
“But she actually had the guts to sleep in Professor Epson’s class. What a pity, what Professor Epson talked about in this class was simply amazing!” 
“Actually, you can’t really blame her for that. Without a foundation, she won’t be able to understand anything…” 
Nora didn’t care about what they said at all. She merely stretched and looked at Oscar. “There aren’t any more classes today, so see you tomorrow?” 
After speaking, she picked up her bag to leave. 
Oscar was stunned. “Where are you going?” 
Nora replied hesitantly, “Home, of course!”
Oscar held her forehead. “How can you go home? There’s a cellular and molecular biology exam tomorrow! Oh my god, I forgot that you probably don’t have a timetable yet.” 
Oscar then said, “We are already at the end of the term, so exams are just around the corner. Although you are an exchange student, you happened to be in time for it. I really don’t know what your school is thinking, sending an exchange student here at this time. Why didn’t they send you here at the start of the new semester instead?” 
It was because she couldn’t afford to wait for the new semester, of course. 
But Nora wasn’t going to explain that to Oscar, so she just nodded and said, “Okay, I 
see.” 
Only then did Oscar speak. “Then let’s go to the library to study together! I can teach you some basics. Although last-minute cramming may be useless, we should still try, right?” 
“… No, it’s fine. I have something on, so I’ll leave first.” 
Without giving Oscar another chance to speak, she walked out with her backpack. 
File No. 004 wasn’t even in the library, so why would she still waste time going there? 
The place she wanted to go to now was Staav University’s Advanced Archives. 
Nora strolled around the school. After asking around, she came to the building where the archives were located. 
She looked left and right. When she saw that no one was paying attention to her, she went straight upstairs.
The Advanced Archives was Staav University’s secret base. All the archives in the room were classified SSS-level and held top priority in the school. 
A special ID card was required to enter no matter who it was. 
Thud! 
Nora accidentally bumped into someone coming out of the room. 
The man immediately looked at her with a frown and said, “Sorry.” 
Then, seemingly in a hurry, he ran away in a panic. 
After he had gone far away, Nora looked at the ground. 
In the end, what she wanted had come to her so effortlessly. 
Just like that, an access card for the advanced archives lay quietly on the ground-it had slipped out of the pocket of the man just now. 
With the opportunity right in front of her, needless to say, Nora wasn’t going to let it slip by. 
She bent over and picked up the card. When she looked around and saw that no one was around, she swiped it on the lock at the door right away. 
Beep. 
The metal door opened. Nora narrowed her eyes and entered right away!
###Chapter 830
The advanced archives had a fully metallic interior design. 
Although they called it an archive room, it was actually more like a large safe. Nora looked at the room full of technology. The room was more than 5,000 square feet and there were many shelves on the walls. There were small boxes on all the shelves. 
Each box was marked with a label. 
Nora looked over. From the outside all the way to the inside, there were hundreds almost a thousand-of them. 
In the middle was a long table with only paper and pens on it. It was very neat and clean. 
The files in the advanced archives were all highly important confidential material that mustn’t be leaked. For confidentiality’s sake, they had never been digitized, so as to prevent hacking attempts from hackers like Q and Y. 
The files here were never loaned out either. One had to read all the files they wanted to check out in the room itself. 
Therefore, there were elites from various industries seated at the long table at the moment. Most of them were postgraduate students working on projects with their mentors. 
Some lecturers also had to come over to refer to the materials. 
Only one or two undergraduates were eligible to access the room. 
Nora didn’t make much noise when she entered but she was startled when she saw the room full of people. 
She certainly hadn’t expected it to be so lively in here.
After she entered, a student on duty asked, “Who are you? How did you get in?” 
Nora pondered for a moment. 
The student on duty seemed to have a very wary look in his eyes. There were only so many people who could come in here to study and refer to the materials, so he would definitely know who had access and who didn’t. 
Therefore, she probably wouldn’t be able to pretend that she had come in to read the books here. 
Thus, Nora simply replied, “I came the wrong way.” 
After speaking, she wanted to leave. 
However, she was stopped by the student. “Miss, you can’t go. You must explain clearly why you’re here, otherwise, we have grounds to suspect that you are here to steal important data from the school.” 
The advanced archives were Staav University’s crucial capital that had allowed it to establish its position and be ranked third among all the universities in the world. Thus, the security here would undoubtedly be very strict. 
Nora looked down at the card in her hand. 
She was about to explain that she had found a card and came in without knowing what this place was when a low and deep voice suddenly reached them. 
“How did you find this place?” 
When Nora turned, she immediately saw Kelvin’s heavily made-up face. 
He had eyeshadow on and his eyeliner was drawn long, which made him look even more bewitching than usual. His complexion was very fair from all the makeup but the thick foundation was surprisingly
not cakey. 
After not seeing him for two days, the fellow’s skin condition seemed to have improved. 
Nora didn’t understand why a thought like that would pop up in her mind at a critical moment like this. The next moment, though, Kelvin looked at the student on duty and said with a sense of resignation, “She’s my fan.” 
The student sighed at once. “I knew it! Kelvin, we agreed to let you shoot here, but only for half an hour; and you are also not allowed to touch any of our stuff here. But your fans are even breaking in now…” 
Kelvin was very tall. He leaned against the wall lazily and said, “Sorry, since she’s my fan, I’ll deal with her myself.” 
After speaking, he walked straight toward the door. He grabbed her wrist as he passed by Nora. 
Nora was dumbfounded. 
She stared blankly at the hand holding her wrist. 
His hand… The warmth of his palm was very similar to Justin’s yet at the same time, it was also different–because there was a burn scar on the back of his hand. 
Kelvin had indeed scalded himself. The incident took place just a week before Justin had faked his death. Therefore, he was not Justin… 
After leaving the archives, Nora came back to her senses and shook off Kelvin’s hand. She asked, “Why did you help me?” 
When “Kelvin” heard this, the look in his eyes turned a little deeper.
Damn it, those eyes were looking a little like Justin’s again! Nora frowned. The next moment, she heard him chuckle and say, “Didn’t I already tell you? Some men like playing with their… sister-in-law…” 
When the man spoke, he bent over slightly and leaned close to her ear. 
His breath when he spoke tickled her neck. “What do you think, Nora? Won’t you consider me?” 
Nora took a step back and avoided his seduction. Then, she immediately bent her knee to hit him in the crotch. Shocked, Kelvin quickly jumped back a step. Only then did he manage to avoid the woman’s attack. 
With a sharp look in her eyes, Nora said sloppily but murderously, “Keep a distance of three feet from me from now on. Otherwise, don’t hold it against me if my arms or legs itch for some action!” 
After saying that, she turned and left. 
After the woman disappeared into the distance, Kelvin touched his head. 
His Nora was still as straightforward and explosive as always! Wasn’t she a little too harsh? He had almost been kneed… 
Nora went home. Nothing special happened that night except Liam coming over to give them a cake in the evening. 
“Rene made it, I hope you guys like it. By the way, I managed to keep my job. Mrs. Long’s son has been fired. The landlord also approached Mrs. Long today and informed her that she was going to evict them. Mrs. Long has been ranting and swearing all afternoon but the landlord is very powerful and isn’t someone she can afford to offend, so she has agreed to move out in three days.” 
Liam looked at Nora tentatively as he spoke. 
He wanted to know if she was the person whom Fred had offended but shouldn’t have.
But the woman’s expression was so calm and peaceful that he couldn’t tell anything from it… 
Liam could only return disappointed. 
Nora didn’t care about such things, though. All she wanted at the moment was a good night’s sleep. 
The next day was the cellular and molecular biology examination. 
As soon as Nora entered, Oscar frowned and looked at her, her expression as though she had expected better from Nora. She handed her book to Nora and said, “The exam is starting soon, you’d better take a quick look! Otherwise, you won’t pass!” 
Nora: “…” 
Before she could even decline, the person next to her said, “It’s useless even if she looks at it 
now.” 
“Yeah, there’s no way she’ll do well in the exam. All the exchange students that come here every year from the NYU School of Medicine’s Department of Biology are really lousy.” 
“The NYU School of Medicine is too lousy. Even though they are a top medical university in the US, they are still far behind in biomedical engineering.” 
“Yeah, I think so too.” 
The group of people expressed their concern for her. 
Oscar was also anxious. The girl sat next to Nora and said, “Can you please take a look? If you get an E, it’ll embarrass us too!” 
Unlike most universities, the grading system here ranged from A to E where:
A represented ‘Excellent.’ 
B represented ‘Good.’ 
C represented a pass. 
D represented a fail. 
And E represented extremely unsatisfactory performance. When Nora heard this, she raised her eyebrows and pushed the book back to Oscar. Right after, she curled her lips into a smile and said, “Nah, that’s not gonna happen.” 
Oscar was stunned. “What? Are you saying you won’t read it or…” 
Before she could finish, Nora said, “What I mean is, the NYU School of Medicine won’t score badly.” 
After all, she had never intended to hide her strength! 
Since only ‘Excellent’ people could openly go to the archives to read the material there, she would become an ‘Excellent’ person!!
###Chapter 831
But when Oscar heard what Nora said, she thought she was just trying to push herself beyond her abilities. 
Oscar hurriedly explained, “It’s not that we look down on the NYU School of Medicine, but for so many years, all the exchange students that come from your school really take last place all the time. They have never produced any respectable grades…” 
This was also the reason why no one in the Department of Biomedicine wanted to be an exchange student. 
The New York University School of Medicine’s Department of Biomedicine was not ranked in the country nor was the university the best specialist institution in the country. Their best courses were in surgery, medicine, and other specializations to do with medical skills. They were relatively weak in pharmaceuticals. 
On the other hand, Staav University was the best school in the world when it came to biomedical engineering. This was also the most difficult course to get into at Staav University every year. 
There was undoubtedly a gap between the two. 
Although no one knew why the two schools had an exchange program each year, it was indeed a form of torture to have the biomedicine majors study here. 
Oscar thought that the students’ comments had hurt Nora’s self-esteem, so she comforted her and said, “Your grade in the exam is what matters the most; nothing else matters. Lisa, you really disappoint me. It’s not bad for one to be poor; what’s worse is when one is poor and still tries to defend their hollow pride. If I were you, I would try my best to absorb knowledge and use my best grades to shut them up instead of giving up on myself like what you’re doing!”
After Oscar finished speaking, she took back her book. “Lisa, do you know why the counselor asked me to guide you? It’s not because my grades are the best; rather, it’s because I’m the most hard- working. The counselor does treat you well. We are all her students, so she doesn’t look down on you. On the contrary, you’re trying to prove yourself everywhere and maintain your pitiful self-esteem. You’re a really sad person.” 
After saying that, Oscar didn’t look at her anymore. She had her own form of arrogance too. Although she found Lisa’s standard in the specialized course poor, she was still willing to help her. Oscar never looked down on students who were poor in learning. She only looked down on students who were obviously poor in learning yet still refused to work hard. 
Nora wanted to explain, but the lecturer had already entered. 
“Let’s start the exam.” 
Nora could only shut up. 
The exam commenced. 
Oscar took her exams even more seriously than studying. Only through exams were her efforts reflected each time. She liked the feeling of taking first place. 
The exam questions were not difficult for Oscar, so after she finished the multiple-choice questions at the front, she subconsciously glanced at Nora only to see that she had already turned a page. 
Oscar frowned. 
Did she not know how to do any of them? So she just randomly picked a few options? 
Oscar shook her head.
Was she such a sensitive person? 
She lowered her head and continued with the paper. 
There was a question in the middle that stumped Oscar a little. 
She frowned as she contemplated the question wanting to deduce what the answer was. She had two ideas in mind but she didn’t know which one was correct. After thinking about it for a long time, she finally chose one and wrote it down. 
Right after she wrote down the answer to the question, she heard footsteps. 
Oscar raised her head abruptly to see Nora getting up and submitting her papers. 
Oscar: “?” 
Her expression turned even more awful and 
her contempt for Nora grew even stronger. 
She liked people who worked hard and disliked people who gave up easily even more. 
She still had two pages left to complete but that woman had already submitted her papers. She must have completely given up on the exam, right?! 
Not only was she poor at her studies but she didn’t even work hard and relied only on guesswork for her exams. On top of that, she even submitted her papers ahead of time. Even her attitude towards her 
studies wasn’t respectable anymore. She had completely given up on herself! 
An expression as though she had expected better from Nora came over Oscar’s countenance. 
She took a deep breath and continued with the exam. 
After the exam, when she left the classroom, she happened to see the counselor waiting for her outside. At the sight of her, the counselor asked, “Oscar, where’s Lisa?” 
A displeased Oscar replied, “She handed in her papers ahead of time, she already left!” 
The counselor looked at her. “Did you guys look down on her? Oscar, This is an academic institution. We mustn’t look down on anyone here, okay?” 
Oscar said with dissatisfaction, “I didn’t look down on her. I just look down on people who are poor at their studies.” 
After speaking, she requested, “Can I stop being her guide? We don’t get along and we’ll never be able to work together.” The counselor frowned. “Oh, have you given up on Lisa, dear? You are the best student in the class. If even you give up on her, then what is she going to do?” 
Oscar’s heart softened but after thinking about it carefully, she nonetheless hardened her heart and said, “Ma’am, I didn’t give up on her, she’s the one who gave up on herself. I’m not going to study with such an unmotivated person.” 
The counselor immediately said, “What must she do for you to help her? Oscar, I believe you can still give it a try.” 
Oscar shook her head. “That’s impossible, I’m not interested in her anymore. Besides, I want to take the postgraduate entrance exam. Ma’am, you know me. If you want me to guide her… well, unless she
does better than me in the exam.” 
The counselor immediately hung her head. “You know that’s impossible. You are the top student among the juniors and always score the best in exams.” 
Oscar shook her head and walked off with her school bag in her arms. “So, there’s no way I’ll ever do that again. I’m going to the library to read, please don’t take up my time anymore.” 
Oscar left, leaving only the counselor standing there as she sighed. 
What was Lisa supposed to do if Oscar refused to guide her anymore? What a headache. 
After thinking about it, the counselor decided to go to the cellular and molecular bioscience professor’s office. She asked, “Professor, how did Lisa do in the exam?” 
The professor waved dismissively and said, “They’ve only just finished the exam, so I haven’t looked at the papers yet.” 
The counselor asked, “Can you take out Lisa’s test paper and take a look first?” 
The counselor only hoped that Lisa wouldn’t score too badly in the exam. If Nora could get a C, then she could try talking to Oscar again!
###Chapter 832
When Professor Wilson heard the counselor, he couldn’t help but shrug. “The papers have only just been collected. They haven’t been given to me yet, so…” 
He couldn’t see Nora’s test paper, either. 
The counselor sighed. “Never mind then!” 
Professor Wilson asked curiously, “Are her grades very good? I happen to need two undergraduates as assistants in my lab. If her grades are excellent, then I can consider her for the position…” 
“Oh, no.” The counselor explained, “She’s an exchange student from America. Oscar doesn’t want to guide her anymore, so I was thinking that if she could at least score a C, then I can try talking to Oscar about it again.” 
Upon hearing this, Professor Wilson waved and said, “Oh, an exchange student from America? The students from that school are terrible, so I doubt she can score a C. Even in her best condition, the highest she can score is probably just a D. I’ll go a little easy on her!” 
The counselor nodded. 
She thought for a while and suddenly said, “Professor, you said just now that your lab needs assistants from the undergraduates, right? You’ll definitely want Oscar, so why don’t you take Lisa too? As an exchange student, everyone looks down on her. If you let her help out at the lab, maybe she’ll be motivated to do better!” 
Professor Wilson thought for a while and shook his head. “I only want Oscar. My experiment requires the assistants to go to the archives to refer to the materials there, so I didn’t even pick that many postgraduate students. It is impossible for me to accept someone who doesn’t know anything into the team.”
The counselor frowned and said, “But our school treats the exchange students so coldly every year, which reflects really badly on us. This year, the school has ordered me to treat Lisa well. Besides, Lisa is so pretty, she’s the prettiest among all the exchange students I have seen. She has an indescribable mysterious feeling about her…” 
Before she could finish, Professor Wilson interrupted her. “I see, you want me to accept her so that it looks like our course values the exchange students, right? But there are many professors conducting experiments, it doesn’t necessarily have to be me. I can recommend someone.” 
The counselor blinked. “You mean…?” 
“The university’s deserter, of course. Didn’t that guy come back this year? The one who takes a salary from the school every month but doesn’t do his job? I heard that he plans to set up an experiment lab! Can’t you just shove Lisa into his lab?” 
The counselor understood at once. “You’re referring to Professor Myers? But Professor Myers was the best professor of microbiology in the past. Will he accept an exchange student?” 
Wilson smiled. “Wayne Myers is also from America, so who knows? You can try asking him. Besides, you said it yourself—that was all in the past. Do you think he is still the best when more than twenty years have already passed? I heard that his lab hasn’t gotten any investors so far and neither have any students applied to be under him.” 
When Wayne disappeared more than twenty years ago, everyone had said that he left to go into business. This was because he had kept asking people from the university’s School of Economics and Business Management business-related questions. 
It was said that his company didn’t do very well, so he had returned to campus.
Many looked down on him upon his return. Everyone privately mocked him for living in the past and thinking that he was still the best microbiology professor, which had made him set extremely strict standards for students applying to join his projects. 
As a result, he still hadn’t established a team for his project. Additionally, no one was investing in his project. 
The counselor found Wilson’s suggestion perfunctory but when she thought about how Oscar had rejected Lisa, she was afraid that even Lisa would give up on herself if she didn’t arrange for Lisa to be assigned to a lab. 
She could only say, “I’ll try talking to him!” 
For Lisa, she had to bite the bullet and give it a go. 
After saying this, she turned and saw a cranky figure at the door. 
Wayne stared at Wilson. 
The two could be said to be old friends. Wilson had competed with him back then but he didn’t expect him to have become so despicable. 
Didn’t he just take care of Idealian Pharmaceuticals for Ms. Yvette for a few years? Yet they were now taking him for a nobody? 
ere no 
They were too much!
Wayne was a chatterbox from the start and was incredibly naggy. He was so furious that he started ranting. 
“Wilson, you piece of garbage, how dare you look down on me like that? You couldn’t catch up with me back then, no matter how hard you tried. I was in first place while you were the perennial second. Yet now you’re shoving a student you don’t want to me? Do you think I will take them? You… #￥%@…” 
Wayne ranted at him for a whole ten minutes without any pause in between, causing both Wilson and the counselor to be dumbfounded. 
When Wayne finally stopped, the counselor hurriedly said, “Professor Myers, that’s not the case. Lisa is a good student…” 
Before she could finish, Wayne retorted furiously, “Do you think there is something wrong with my brain? Would I accept someone Wilson doesn’t want? I’m not stupid! I… #￥@%…” 
He scolded Wilson for ten minutes without any pause, again. 
After he was done, he became thirsty, so he picked up a glass and poured himself a glass of water. 
Wilson glanced at the counselor and suddenly said, “Since Myers doesn’t want her either, then let’s just forget it. American students are poor in their studies anyway, so neither of us would want them in our labs, isn’t that right, Myers?” 
His provocation angered Wayne instantly. “F*ck you! Who are you looking down on? I’m an American myself! American students are not poor in their studies at all!” 
Wilson waved and said, “The facts are right in front of you. I don’t want that American student and neither do you. If American students are really that excellent, then why wouldn’t you want them?”
Wayne, who had been checkmated, was a little at a loss for words. “Just like the ones here, there are good and bad students in America. How can you lump them all together?” 
Wilson said, “But Lisa is already the best student there, yet neither you nor I want her, SO… I can only say that American students are simply too lousy in biomedical engineering.” 
When Wayne became the best microbiology professor back then, he had made his country proud. 
There might not be any borders in science but there were among scientists! 
Now that Wilson was driving him into a corner like this, would he be able to bear it? 
He immediately said, “Who says I don’t want her? I want her! I just don’t want your rejects, that’s all. Ha, but if you let me pick from all the students in the class, I would definitely pick her. What’s her name again…” 
The counselor hurriedly replied, “Lisa.” 
Wayne nodded. “Yes, Lisa! She is the most pleasing to the eye among all the students in the class. I’ll take her! Students from America are not inferior in any way at all!” 
Wilson smiled. “Myers, you have to think through this. That student’s grades are very poor, you know…” 
“Ha, just because she has poor grades doesn’t mean that she’s not talented! Maybe she’s just not good at exams. Wilson, you are being biased by evaluating a student like that! Besides, they’ve only just finished the exam, so their grades aren’t even out yet! How are you so sure that her grades are bad?” 
Wayne was puffing himself up at his own cost right now! 
No matter what, he had to accept Lisa into his lab team today. He mustn’t let anyone think that American students were totally unwanted here!
At the very worst, he’d just let her mooch off the team. 
While he was thinking about it, the test papers from the exam were delivered to the office. 
Wilson’s eyes lit up. “The test papers are here. Let’s find Lisa’s and take a look? Didn’t you want to know whether Lisa would get a D or an E just now?” 
The counselor: “…” 
She didn’t want to know anymore! 
When the counselor proposed to let Lisa join a lab project, she had really only done it for the student’s interests and only wanted to boost her confidence. She didn’t expect it to turn into an excuse for Wilson and Wayne to fight. 
She was extremely grateful to Wayne for accepting the student, so she didn’t want to embarrass him. 
But just as she was about to speak, Wilson had already found Lisa’s paper from among the stack of test papers. He smiled and said, “Come on, let’s see just how ‘excellent’ this student from America is.” 
He sounded mocking when he said ‘excellent’. 
After speaking, he even looked at Wayne and said, “Come on, Myers, let’s take a look together.”
###Chapter 833
Wayne’s gaze fell on the test paper and he immediately said, “I have something on, so I’ll have to go now.” 
Then, he turned and started walking to the door. 
Wilson called out to him and said with a smile, “Hey Myers, what’s the matter? Are you worried that your heart won’t be able to handle her exam results? Don’t worry, I’m really good at CPR…” 
Intense sarcasm oozed from the big and tall man. 
Wayne stood at the door with his back to him. Suddenly, he turned his head to the back and said, “Wilson, you are still as superficial as you were back then. A student’s quality should never be judged by their exam scores —this is our school’s motto, isn’t it?” 
Wilson’s expression changed at once but he nevertheless sneered and said, “Then what are you afraid of?” Wayne coughed and said, “What am I afraid of? I’ve never been afraid of anything, I’m just really busy. I have an appointment with a potential investor. That’s the most important thing at the moment, isn’t it?” 
After saying that, he ran away. 
In some academic aspects, the New York University School of Medicine students were indeed rather weak. If Lisa were an exchange student from Stanford University or Harvard University, it might not have been this bad. 
But since he already knew what the outcome would be like, why stay and be humiliated? 
Wayne knew all this very clearly, that was why he had run away at once. 
Wilson: “…”
The counselor: “…” 
An infuriated Wilson broke into a huge rant. “That guy is still as shameless as ever! He always says certain things in a highfalutin manner to highlight how noble he is, when in fact, he is a despicable and shameless villain! Ha, so he’s refusing to look at the grades? Then all the more I’m going to look at Lisa’s grades! After I mark her papers, please send them to Myers’ office! He should at least be aware of his student’s level of mastery in the basics, right?” 
After saying that, a vicious Wilson lowered his head and looked at the neat and clean test paper. 
The answer to the first question was option C. On the paper, Lisa had picked option C. The answers were to be shaded on the answer sheet. 
Wilson curled his lips disdainfully. 
Well, the first question was really easy. It wasn’t surprising that she would get it right. 
If she got even the first question wrong, then she would have had no hope for the rest of the 
exam. 
He then looked at the second question, the answer was option B. She had gotten it right again. 
Well, this was normal too. 
Next came the third question… the sixth… and the twentieth question! She had gotten all the multiple- choice questions right! 
Wilson involuntarily straightened his back. 
He quickly looked at the fill-in-the-blank questions, which all turned out to be correct
again? 
He turned the page and looked at it… 
As this was the final exam for the semester, the questions were all very difficult. Wilson had been worried that even Oscar wouldn’t be able to get them all correct, but from start to finish, Lisa had gotten all the questions right! In particular, the optional bonus question… Its difficulty level was very high and was a topic that could only be studied at the postgraduate level. 
But! 
She had gotten that right too! 
As Wilson went through the paper, he swallowed and looked up at the counselor blankly. 
When the counselor caught a glimpse of his expression, she immediately became nervous. “Professor Wilson, is it very bad? Did she get 
D? 
Wilson smiled wryly and replied, “You really don’t know your student at all.” 
The counselor misunderstood even further. She was so anxious that she was about to cry. “Surely it can’t be an E, right?” 
If someone got an E for the exam, she would also be held responsible for it. 
The counselor wanted the whole class to perform well. No one was to be left behind.
The counselor hurriedly said, “Professor Wilson, this student only transferred in at the end of the semester, so it is normal for her to be unable to keep up. Can you not give her an E? Can we let her take a make-up exam after giving her some time to study?” 
“… No, she… got an A! A+!” The counselor: “?” 
She was stunned. “What?” 
Wilson tossed her test paper aside. “Wait a minute, maybe… maybe there’s something wrong with my test paper? Maybe it’s too easy?” 
He felt that he might have miscalculated the difficulty of the paper, so he took out Oscar’s test paper and started to evaluate it. 
Oscar got a multiple-choice question and a fill-in-the-blank question wrong. In addition, she didn’t correctly answer the bonus question… 
Wilson: “…” 
He went limp and leaned back on the chair. 
He raised his head blankly and said, “If I say that I want Lisa now, do you think Myers will give her to me?” 
Of course not. 
Wayne was not to be trifled with. 
The counselor and Wilson looked at each other. 
Wilson sneered and said, “Hmph, what’s the use of doing well in one test? No matter how much of a star student she is, she is still just an undergraduate. Undergraduates can only be assistants in the lab. She
won’t be of any help to our core experiments at all.” 
Nora was completely unaware that something like that had taken place in the school, let alone the fact that she was about to bump into Wayne again after she came to Switzerland. 
After she handed in her test paper, she wandered around the school trying to find a way to enter the archives. 
But in the end, she accidentally spotted Kelvin and his crew filming in the distance again. 
Nora: “..” 
Staav University covered an area of 5,000 hectares. It stood to reason that it wouldn’t be easy for anyone to run into each other in such a large place. This sure was a small world. 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little and she turned to leave. But the moment she turned, she accidentally bumped into someone. 
“Sorry.” 
The tall man immediately said. Then, when he looked at her, he exclaimed, “Hey, it’s you! What a coincidence, we’ve met again!” 
Nora looked at the man in front of her. He had a strong and muscular frame and well-defined facial features, he gave off a very bright and cheerful feeling. 
Seeing the blank look on her face, the man laughed and said, “Jack, I’m Jack. I almost hit you when I was playing basketball the other day but you managed to block it…” 
Nora, who finally recalled the incident, asked, “Do you need something?” Jack grinned and asked, “Do you have a boyfriend?”
Nora: “!” 
In the distance, Kelvin, who was filming, had already spotted Nora at a glance when she was walking over. The man had to do a lot of work for his filming today-after all, “Kelvin” had been slacking off the last few days. 
Therefore, he didn’t have any plans to look for his sister-in-law at all. However, he didn’t expect a boy to stop her and ask such a question. 
Kelvin smirked. 
Ha. 
Was he trying to court his sister-in-law? He sure thought really highly of himself. 
Just as he was thinking about it, he heard Nora reply, “I used to have one but not anymore.” 
Kelvin: “” 
Jack was surprised. “Did you guys break up?”. 
Nora shook his head. “No, he’s dead.” 
Kelvin: “!!!!” 
Jack became even more astonished but he quickly recovered and said, “Well, that’s a shame. Can I pursue you?”
###Chapter 834
In universities, students fell in love quickly and were also very straightforward about it. 
Nora was surprisingly very calm about his confession. After all, over the years, she had received a lot of confessions. This was true due to her good-looking facial features even when she was fat. 
Just as she was about to reject him, a man’s voice came from behind her. She turned around to see that Kelvin, who was filming, had come behind her at some point. The man asked sarcastically, “Are Cherry, Pete, and Xander doing well?” 
Nora: “?” 
Was the man especially keeping a watch on her? Didn’t he have work to do?! 
Was the crew this nonchalant that he could just stop filming whenever he wanted to? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Jack was a little surprised. “Who are Cherry, Pete, and Xander?” 
Kelvin raised his eyebrows, looked at Nora, and grinned. He was cold and standoffish to others, but when facing Nora, this younger cousin of Justin’s was just like a little devil. 
There wasn’t the familiar feeling she had felt when she talked to him the other time, though. 
Nora was already planning to say that she had three lovely children, but Kelvin had interrupted her. Now that Jack was also asking, she replied, “They are my adorable children.” 
Jack: “?” 
Stunned, Jack looked at Nora incredulously. “Oh my god, you really have three children? Are you even legal yet? You look sixteen at best!”
When Kelvin heard him, he snickered and muttered, “Tsk, this man sure is smooth. Which part of you looks like you’re sixteen when you are already so old?” 
Nora: “…” 
A puzzled Jack asked, “What did you say? I didn’t catch that.” 
Nora replied, “He said you say some really nice things.” 
“Really?” Jack was a little embarrassed. “That’s a compliment, right? I’ve always been like this.” 
II 
Nora kept quiet. 
Jack looked at Nora again and said, “Your children must be really cute. If there’s time, I would like to meet them. So… Can I pursue 
you?” 
Kelvin frowned. 
She already had three children yet he still wanted to pursue her? 
Nora also raised her eyebrows, though, she rejected him again, “No, you don’t have to. I have no plans to date anyone for the time being.” 
Upon hearing this, Kelvin breathed a sigh of relief. At least that woman knows what’s good for her! 
“Aw, alright.” Jack looked a little down, but he quickly looked at her again. “I’ve asked around. You’re an exchange student who just came to our school, right? How about I show you around the campus?”
His suggestion piqued Nora’s interest. 
Her eyes narrowed a little. 
It was said that there were many mysterious corners in universities that only boys knew about. Perhaps there might be things that Jack found different or extraordinary about the school? 
Thus, Nora nodded happily and said, “Sure.” 
She followed behind Jack and was about to leave. 
Kelvin was dumbfounded. 
He grabbed Nora’s arm and said angrily, “How can you go with him? He obviously has designs on you. In a situation like this, shouldn’t you keep your distance from him for Justin’s sake?” 
Nora’s brows drew together. She didn’t understand why Kelvin had suddenly become so impetuous. 
However, Kelvin was now giving her the same feeling she had gotten from him the first time they had met. As expected, the bit of familiar feeling she had gotten from him, which had reminded her of Justin, was all just an illusion. 
She grabbed Kelvin’s hand and made him release her with just a bit of force. Nora then said, “Don’t you get along poorly with Justin? Shouldn’t you be very happy to see this?” 
Kelvin: “!!” 
After saying that, Nora walked over to Jack. “Let’s go.”
Kelvin practically flipped out after the two walked away. At the side, the director and his assistant came over and said, “Hey Kelvin, it’s time to shoot!” 
Kelvin snapped, “Shoot? Go away!” 
The assistant was distressed. 
For some reason, it was as if Kelvin had become a completely different person the last two days. Although his acting skills were not bad, they didn’t quite fit the role. After being off-form for two days, his condition had finally recovered today, so the director was planning to shoot a little more to make up for the poor performance the past two days. What was Kelvin’s problem this time? 
His problem? 
Kelvin was in a huge panic. 
His sister-in-law was about to be stolen by someone else! How would he possibly be in the mood to shoot?! 
Justin was the one here the last two days. By right, he was supposed to be making up for the scenes he shot today… 
He picked up his cell phone, walked to the side, and dialed a number. No name was displayed on the screen. As soon as the other side answered, he whispered, “Justin, you’ve been cuckolded!” 
The deep male voice paused for a moment before he finally asked, “What’s going on?” 
Kelvin repeated parts of the conversation between Nora and Jack. Then, he became indignant and said, “She clearly knows that Jack has designs on her, yet she still went to tour the campus with him. That means she’s neither rejecting nor accepting him, that’s total scumbag behavior! It’s fortunate that you’ve
already separated from her, Justin. You should have a good look at her true colors while the two of you are not married yet!” 
The man opposite fell silent for a while before he finally asked, “Did she really go off to tour the campus with Jack?” 
“Yes!” 
Kelvin was furious. He was about to rant a little more when the other man said, “Something is wrong with Jack. Keep an eye on him.” 
Kelvin was taken aback for a moment. Then, he became dumbfounded. “Of course there’s something wrong with him, he has already started to pursue Nora… No, wait, you mean…” 
Justin’s low and deep voice slowly reached him. “Nora must have discovered something. That’s why she left with him.” 
IIII 
An indescribable expression came over Kelvin’s face. “Why are you still finding excuses for her? Justin, how come I never realized that you’re someone who can’t think straight once you fall in love?” 
“Get lost.” 
The other man paused for a while before he added, “Don’t get in her way.” 
Was he telling him not to get in the way of her dating other guys? 
As expected, Justin was hopeless! 
Kelvin took a deep breath and became even more displeased with Nora.
On the other side, Nora walked around the campus casually with Jack, who then asked for her contact information. After the two exchanged numbers, Jack left. 
Nora narrowed her eyes as she stared at him from the back. 
While she was musing, a voice reached her. 
“Lisa?” 
Nora turned and saw Oscar approaching. The woman, who was holding a book, followed her gaze and also looked at Jack’s retreating back. She said with dissatisfaction, “You are here to study, not to fall in love! How can you…” 
She’d only just said that when the counselor spotted them and came over excitedly. “Oscar, Lisa, you are both here! Nice timing, because I have news for you girls. Professor Wilson has already marked Lisa’s papers, her grades are out!” 
Oscar immediately said, “Hurry up and tell us, so that knows where she stands!”
###Chapter 835
Oscar was a very conservative girl. 
From what she knew, being able to enter Staav University to study was what many people dreamed of. She was not here to date but to learn. 
She did not even have enough time to study usually, so how could she date? 
Therefore, she despised university students dating. 
Especially Lisa. 
She was from New York and her results were bad, to begin with. As an exchange student, not only did she not have any self-awareness but she was even being pursued not long after she came? 
She handed in the papers so early to go on a date with this person, right? 
Oscar’s disdain for Nora reached the limit. She even reached the point of never talking to this person again. She was afraid that she would be affected by her laziness. 
When the counselor heard Oscar’s words, she misunderstood. She smiled. “Yes, I was about to tell you that I want you to continue helping her …” 
“No, I refuse,” Oscar said bluntly. “I can’t help her with anything.” 
The counselor instantly misunderstood what she meant and said with a smile, “Do you know her results? Although you can’t teach her, you can still help her around the university!” 
Every time an exchange student came to the school, the counselor would get a student from the same dormitory to help guide the student.
After all, other than studying, there were many other matters to take care of. Exchange students were not too sure about such things. It was better to have someone guide them. 
This was also why Oscar had said last time that if Nora’s results surpassed hers, she would help her again. 
However, Oscar did not understand what the counselor meant. “I don’t need to see it to know her results. I came to this school to study, not to waste time, so I rejected her. I won’t be with a person who isn’t in the mood to study and thinks too much. She affects my life too much… I only want to be with students who have good grades. You should have heard of the saying: One is marked by the company one keeps. I don’t want my results to fall behind…” 
She was always straightforward. 
She was pretty good to Nora previously. Although her words were not very nice, she still took care of her. 
She was not bad at heart but her mouth was unforgiving. 
When the counselor heard this, she finally realized that Oscar was acting the same as her. They both had thought that Nora was a bad student. She hurriedly explained, “But Lisa is…” 
Before she could finish, Nora interrupted the counselor. “I’m sorry. I’ve caused you trouble You don’t have to do it anymore in the future.” 
With that, she looked at the counselor. “I’m already very familiar with the school. I don’t need anyone to show me around. Thank you. Is there anything else?” 
The counselor’s eyes widened and she was stunned. She shook her head in a daze. “No…” 
“Okay, I’ll get going then.” Nora left.
Looking at her calm back, the counselor could not help but think of the paper Professor Wilson had reviewed. It was clean, very clean, and there were no traces of calculation… 
What kind of person was this mysterious American girl? 
For a moment, the counselor could not understand. 
As she was thinking, Oscar pursed her lips and said, “Counselor, I only want to partner with someone with good grades and one who loves to study. Please don’t waste my time with such a person next time.” 
With that, she raised her chin proudly and prepared to leave. 
The counselor looked at her and suddenly sighed. She asked, “Do you know what Lisa’s grade was this time?” 
“I’m not interested in whether she gets a D or an E.” 
The counselor: “No, she didn’t…” 
Oscar was stunned for a moment but she quickly came back to her senses. “Is it C? Most of the exchange students from New York University School of Medicine in our school get Ds. It’s no wonder she’s so arrogant.” 
“…” The counselor pursed his lips. “She got an A+. She got the only perfect score in the class.” 
What? 
Was she hallucinating?
###Chapter 836
She frowned. “Did you see something wrong?” 
The counselor sighed. “No, Professor Wilson personally graded the papers. Oh, he even evaluated yours. Congratulations, you’re an A too but it’s an A-.” 
Oscar: ! 
She knew that she could not get full marks this time because the questions were especially difficult. 
She was very satisfied with this result. 
But why did Lisa get full marks? 
She was stunned. 
The counselor patted her shoulder. “I know you love to study and you’re very hardworking but I keep feeling that you’re the type to bury your head in books. When I heard that Lisa scored full marks, do you know what my first reaction was?” 
Oscar shook her head. 
The counselor sighed. “What you lack is a proper technique for studying. I originally thought that while showing Lisa around, you could start observing how she studies. A person like her is clearly talented. You two could complement each other. You said that you would have to lead her, but actually, I wanted her to lead you.” 
After all, Lisa was leaving after three months. 
No matter how good her results were, she was not a student of their school. 
The counselor was also selfish!
But now… 
The counselor was momentarily at a loss for words. 
Oscar was also stunned. She suddenly turned her head to look into the distance and saw that Nora had just turned a corner in front of her. She had disappeared. 
At this moment, she suddenly realized what she had lost… 
– 
Nora did not care too much about Oscar and the counselor’s thoughts. Oscar liked the hardworking type. Yes, Nora was born far from this type. 
If she had the time to work hard, she might as well sleep more. 
Therefore, since their personalities did not match, it was better for them to separate. 
Moreover, she was not really there to learn. Her goal was the V16! 
No matter what, she would never forget this! 
Nora was about to walk forward when she suddenly saw a few familiar faces walking over. 
She stopped in her tracks and suddenly turned around. 
The few familiar faces were none other than the senior executives of NTT. The person in the lead was Royce, youngest aunt’s second-in-command. He was in charge of the company’s investments. 
Behind him were a few employees from the investment department in the NTT. 
They did not notice Nora, but she was afraid that Royce would recognize her, so she hid her figure.
She could not let her aunt know that she was back. Otherwise… going by her aunt’s exaggerated personality, everyone in Staav University would know about her. 
She did not want to attract attention right now. 
After all, there were five psychopaths like “Trueman” watching her look for the V16! 
It was better to keep a low profile. 
Nora avoided them but she did not notice that among the staff behind Royce, Liam was looking away in confusion. 
Why did he seem to have seen that poor neighbor, the mother of three children, Lisa? 
Liam was American and American faces were more recognizable to him. 
Especially Nora’s bright and beautiful looks. She was stunning at a glance and was difficult to miss. Therefore, he felt that he could not have seen wrongly. 
Furthermore, Rene had said that Lisa was studying at Staav University. 
Although it was rare for college students to date, have children, and even get married, it was not unheard of. There were one or two such people every year. 
Therefore, Liam did not think much of it. 
However, why was Lisa avoiding him? 
Liam shook his head and looked away in confusion. He entered the office ahead with Royce.
As he walked, the person beside him asked, “This project is clearly not outstanding enough, why did you come here?” 
Royce said, “Because I want to give him a chance.” 
Wayne was sitting there in the office. When he saw them, he immediately stood up eagerly. After shaking hands with Royce, they sat opposite each other. 
“Professor Myers, we’ve already studied the project book you gave us and are very interested in your experiment. Can you explain it to us in detail?” 
Royce asked. 
Because the CEO was American, he had a particularly good attitude toward this American professor working at Staav University. Although, his proposal was written in a mess that no one could understand. 
Everyone said that if he couldn’t even write a project book, there must be something wrong with this professor. 
However, Royce felt that if he visited him in person, this professor might be able to explain it more clearly. He did not mind giving this professor a chance. 
Wayne did not understand this. 
He had always been a research-type player. He was not good at making proposals and he was not good at twisting and turning these things around. Otherwise, with his connections, he would not have kept the company Yvette stayed in so small… 
Wayne did not know that his performance was not up to standard. He was even worse at talking about the main points in front of these people. He displayed his long-winded nature. “Mr. Royce, it’s really good
that you came. I can tell you that my project is definitely the best. You would have no worries about investing at all…” 
Royce: “…” 
This professor was clearly not suitable for business. 
The corners of his mouth twitched. He looked at the people behind and finally said, “Professor Myers, may I ask where your assistants are?” 
He wanted to find a person who could speak concisely and get straight to the point. 
However, when Wayne heard this, he choked. 
His laboratory… Was empty?! 
He smiled awkwardly and explained, “So far, I’m the only one in the laboratory…” 
At this point, he suddenly realized that there was another person. 
He paused and thought about her name hard before saying, “…With Lisa. Yes, there’s also Lisa. Um, wait a minute. I’ll call her counselor and get her to come over immediately to meet you! Say, this Lisa is really… How can she be late at such an important time?” 
As Wayne spoke, he took out his phone and called the counselor.
###Chapter 837
Wayne took his phone and went out to make a call. He was afraid that Royce would leave. When he went out, he even turned back to look at him. 
After he went out, someone asked, “Mr. Royce, we don’t think highly of this project, in the first place. Besides, look at this professor. He’s not competent either… When you asked about the members of the laboratory, he said that there were only two of them… Are we really going to invest in such an experiment?” 
Royce sighed gently too. He actually knew Wayne. It was very unusual for him to be famous as an American professor in a place like Staav. Therefore, when he saw his project, he thought that as long as it was even a little viable to invest, he would try. 
Anyway, the boss had too much money to spend. He would treat it as patriotism and help his fellow countrymen. 
However, he did not expect Wayne to be so unreliable. 
From the looks of it, he had only recruited one student? 
How was he going to do the project?! 
Investing in him was no different than throwing away money, right? 
Royce touched his forehead. “Forget it.” 
He would not invest in this project. 
Nora followed Royce over and wanted to see what he was here for. 
As soon as she entered the building, before she could go upstairs and enter the elevator, she received a call from the counselor. Nora picked up the call and the counselor said, “Lisa, I forgot to tell you when we
met earlier… Um, I got you a spot in my laboratory as an assistant. How about this? Your mentor needs you to come over right now. Hmm, can you come to Room 706 in the laboratory first? 
Laboratory assistant? 
This was really happening! She was just thinking about how to join a laboratory so that she could get access to the archive room! 
She said, “Okay, I’ll come over now.” 
After Nora finished speaking, she looked up and realized that this was the laboratory building. 
706… was the seventh floor. She pressed the elevator button. 
The elevator reached the first floor quickly. She went up and pressed the button for the seventh floor. 
Ding! 
The elevator arrived. 
Nora had just walked out of the elevator when she heard two people talking in the corner. 
Wayne was pulling Wilson back angrily. He was very anxious as he said, “Old boy, you definitely have bad intentions for coming here. How can I believe you?! Let me tell you, don’t think of entering my laboratory. I’ll never let you in!” 
Wilson sneered. “I don’t understand what you’re talking about. I can tell you that I’ve been good friends with NTT’s Mr. Royce for many years. I just don’t want him to get cheated. You can cheat others but you can’t cheat him.” 
Wayne was even more anxious now.
He had finally returned to continue his research. He could finally stop being a manager. However, because of the 20 years of absence, the school and the students no longer trusted him. 
Social change was fast and the school had developed a lot. When Wayne was mentioned, the new generation of investors would ask in confusion, “Who is this?” 
No one would remember that more than twenty years ago, he was influential and successful at Staav University. They would only remember that he was a business loser. He had gone out to start a business and failed. 
Therefore, although Wayne had been back for a month, the situation here had not been resolved. 
His old friend saw that he was pitiful and recommended him to NTT. He even especially emphasized that he was an American professor, which was why he had received this opportunity. 
Wayne definitely could not give up. 
If he had no money, then he would have no project. If he had no project, why did he come back? 
He pulled Wilson back. “Aren’t you just jealous that I’m getting involved with Royce? Wilson, don’t pretend to be so kind here. Let me tell you, it’s impossible for you to see Wilson speak ill of me! Even if I have to stay out here all day, would I let you in?! Get lost!” Wilson felt that Wayne was simply unreasonable. 
He was indeed here to convince Royce not to invest in Wayne. Firstly, he did not want Wayne’s project to be established. What if Wayne succeeded and suppressed him? 
Secondly, he planned to tell Royce how unreliable this person was and owe NTT a favor. 
He had a good relationship with NTT the past few years. They had invested in a lot of projects.
However, Wilson never expected Wayne to be so shameless. When he saw him coming over, he pulled him into the corridor! 
Wilson was furious and said, “Wayne, you’re too much! You and Lisa are the only ones in your laboratory. What kind of project is this? Aren’t you scamming the investors?” 
“Why do you care? Only with money will we have everything we need! Without anyone to invest in the project, how can we get good students?” Wayne retorted. 
For example, Wilson was a popular professor. Whenever a project was established, many graduate students would immediately register. With people, investors would also come. 
However, Wayne was different. 
Although everyone thought highly of his projects, no one invested in them. The students were not stupid. He had just arrived this year and did not even have a graduate student under him. How could anyone follow him? 
Only when they saw the investment would their classmates choose to follow him. 
But why would they invest in a project without enough members? 
This was a vicious cycle. 
Wilson laughed angrily. “It’s because the field you want to study is wrong. If it really has a future, why didn’t anyone come? If they don’t see any benefits in the short term, no one will follow you. Even if NTT invests in you, it will be a waste of money. I won’t allow this to happen!” 
With that, he pushed Wayne away and walked out. 
Wayne continued to hold him back. “Don’t even think about it!”
Wilson was really speechless and anxious. He simply said, “It’s fine if I don’t go but if you don’t return to the room for a long time, Royce and the others will leave. Isn’t it the same thing?” 
Wayne was anxious. He turned around and suddenly saw a student standing outside the staircase. As he was holding Wilson, he could not turn around and could only shout, “Is that Lisa outside?” 
Nora: “…Yes.” 
Wayne immediately shouted, “Go in first and stall for time!”
###Chapter 838
Nora only said the word yes. Wayne did not hear her voice. 
Nora held her forehead. 
She did not expect to meet Wayne. This was really fate. 
She did not expect Wayne, who had returned to Staav University, to be in such a sorry state. 
When Wilson heard this, he was stunned. After a moment, he did not know whether to laugh or cry. “Wayne, you’re simply too shameless! Lisa is only an undergraduate. What can she help you with? She doesn’t even know what project you’re doing. You’re making things difficult for her!” 
Wayne blocked the door and refused to let Wilson out. He said, “She’s a student from my laboratory. Why do you care how I treat my students? Hey, Lisa, did you hear me?” 
However, Wilson suddenly said, “I regret it. Lisa, you can come to my laboratory. I’ll take you in. How about that?” 
Wayne immediately cursed, “Shameless Wilson, didn’t you throw her to me because you thought her results were bad? You’re really unscrupulous! You even want students with poor grades?” 
When Wilson heard Wayne say this, he blushed. He knew that the counselor had definitely not told Wayne that Lisa had scored full marks for the exam. He said calmly, “No, Lisa is an excellent student. I’ll definitely want her. Lisa, how about it?” 
Wayne could not turn back. He had his back pressed tightly against the door. His head was twisted so much that he could only see an indistinguishable figure in the distance. He could not see the details at all.
He shouted, “Lisa, don’t listen to his nonsense. We’re all Americans. Our eyes are filled with tears when we meet. You can’t betray me!” 
Nora: “…” 
Her almond-shaped eyes narrowed slightly as she heard their conversation. 
It seemed like Professor Wilson thought that her results were bad, so he had pushed her to Wayne. 
She smiled and replied calmly, “Oh.” 
Wayne instantly became smug. “Did you hear that? I didn’t despise her even when her results were bad. We Americans all have grateful hearts. Wilson, why don’t you remember the time I helped you back then? Why do you have to come and ruin my show today?” 
When Wilson heard Lisa say this, he shrugged. “I’m not helping the investors, I’m helping you. Otherwise, if you cheat them and your reputation spreads, no one will invest in you when you start a new project. I can actually give you a few of my projects. You can start them first. It’s better to look for investors after you have a reputation.” 
Wayne sneered. “How many do you want to give me? How generous of you to say that. Don’t forget that I was better than you back then! My reputation was greater than yours!” 
Wilson smiled. “Is that so? But you also said that it was back then. In today’s Staav University, who still remembers that there was a Professor Wayne in the biomedical faculty? You’ve been doing business for so many years, you’ve long ruined your reputation!” 
Wayne’s eyes turned red when he heard this. 
He was doing this to fulfill the promise he had made back then. 
That woman… had died so tragically, how could he leave her alone? 
He shook his head and abandoned the thoughts in his mind. “Anyway, I don’t care. I have to take down this investor. Wilson, I won’t let you meet them!” 
He shouted again, “Lisa, hurry up and go into the laboratory to talk to them. There’s my business plan on the table. Take a look and read it for them… Say good things… If they don’t invest all of it, investing a part of it would be good enough…” 
As Wayne was explaining, Wilson smiled. “Heh, Royce is a professional investor. Do you think he can’t tell anything from this?” 
Wilson reached out his hands. “Alright, Wayne. I’m not going, but do you think Lisa will be of any use to you if she goes into the laboratory? You have no choice because Lisa is just an exchange student. She has no weight in this project.” 
Wayne naturally understood this. 
However, in order to not let Wilson go out and cause trouble, he had to detain him here. 
Currently, there were only him and Lisa on the entire project. If he did not let Lisa go, what else could he do? 
Wayne frowned in anger. He turned around and shouted again, “Lisa, hurry up. Don’t let the investors wait too long!” 
“…Alright.” 
After Nora agreed, she took two steps forward and walked to Laboratory 706 from the door that was revealed. 
Wilson looked at Wayne and shook his head.
He spread his hands and pretended to look down on her. He pursed his lips and said, “Wayne, I’m waiting to see a good show.” 
Nora stood at the entrance of the laboratory. 
She knew that the person in the room was Royce but when she thought of Wayne’s current state, she felt that she had to help him. 
After all, Wayne had fallen to such a state for Yvette. 
Sigh! 
She sighed and pushed open the door. 
Inside the room. 
The investor was looking at the door impatiently. 
Someone said, “Hey, Professor Wilson sent me a message. He said that Professor Myer’s laboratory only has him and an undergraduate American exchange student. He doesn’t have anyone important. How can he have the cheek to work on a project?” 
The other person frowned and said, “Just two people? Furthermore, the plan is written in a mess. I can tell at a glance that it was rushed. Don’t tell me Professor Myer did this alone?” 
“Ah, no wonder Professor Myer hasn’t called us over despite being away for so long. He’s really rude to leave us here! We shouldn’t invest in such a project, right?” 
“Wilson just sent a message to suggest that we should invest very carefully. He’s our partner and won’t lie to us. Since he warned us, he must not be optimistic about this project.”
Royce took the project book and flipped through it casually before nodding. 
He looked down at the time and stood up. “I still have something on later. Since Professor Myer is so busy, let’s go.” 
“Then about the project… We’ll talk about it next time.” 
With that, he opened the door and saw a tall American girl.
###Chapter 839
Looking at this familiar figure, Royce was stunned. 
He stared at Nora in disbelief, his eyes widened. 
Ms. Nora? 
Was it Ms. Nora? 
Compared to half a year ago, when she was in New York, she seemed to have lost some weight and had become more beautiful. If not for those familiar lazy almond-shaped eyes when Nora walked on the streets, Royce would not have recognized her. 
But what was Ms. Nora doing here? 
Royce was a little stunned. 
As he stood there, the people behind him thought that Nora had blocked the way. Someone immediately asked, “You are?” 
Nora glanced at Liam and yawned. She said lazily, “Lisa.” 
Lisa? 
Royce frowned. 
But this was clearly Ms. Nora. Why was she calling herself Lisa? 
He looked at Nora in confusion, but he saw the woman giving him a cold warning gaze. 
Royce: “…” 
He did not quite understand what this gaze meant.
Royce respected Nora a lot. The chairman was not married and did not have children. When he picked Nora up from the countryside back then, he had said that NTT would be handed over to Cherry in the future. 
Who was Cherry? She was this woman’s daughter! 
Moreover, wasn’t he handing it to Cherry because Ms. Nora only slept all day and did not want to get involved in the business at all? 
The chairman had no choice. He had just said that he would hand the company to Cherry but he was actually giving it to her, in disguise. 
As he was thinking about Ms. Nora’s intentions, the people behind him misunderstood. 
One of them said, “You’re Lisa, the person Professor Myer was talking about? Why are you here? Where’s Professor Myer?” 
Nora looked at the stairs. “He… might be a little busy?” 
Everyone: “” 
Everyone felt like they had been played. 
wn 
They had come to see his project as investors but he was acting like such a big shot? Did he really think he was some well-known professor? They would still give some face to a professor like Wilson. After all, Wilson had done many projects in the past. 
However, Wayne was really too unpopular!
Royce’s first subordinate said, “Since Professor Myer is so insincere, we’ll get going now! We don’t want to waste our time here!” 
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and was about to speak when a bright and careful voice was heard. “Well… Since Lisa is here, why don’t we listen to her for a minute?” 
Following the voice, Nora then saw that her neighbor, Liam, was in this team too. 
“…” 
Nora held her forehead. 
There were quite a few familiar faces today. However, Liam seemed to have received a promotion. It seemed like she had made him level up. 
After Liam finished speaking, everyone looked at Liam. Royce’s subordinate scolded, “You’re just a newcomer to the department. What are you talking about? How can an undergraduate explain a laboratory project? It’s too much!” 
Liam was reprimanded and was too afraid to speak. 
On the other hand, Royce came back to his senses when Liam was interrupted by the two of them. He stared at Nora and asked, “Let the undergraduate talk about… erm… do you want to talk about it…” 
He looked at Nora tentatively. 
Nora: “…I don’t know what the project is.” 
She would not come to work on a real project. As Anti, she had not done many projects in the past. Furthermore, it took a lot of time to work on a project. 
At most, she would just be registering. 
When Royce heard this, he immediately understood and said, “Then you don’t have to say anything else!” 
When he said this, one of Royce’s men misunderstood him. “Yes, there’s no need to say anything else. It’s useless even if you do. We won’t be investing in your project! The project proposal is a mess. There’s only the two of you…” 
Royce: “…” 
He really wanted to shut his subordinate’s 
mouth! 
He was usually very good at flattering him. Why couldn’t he tell that something was amiss today? 
He had finally come back to his senses. 
Ms. Nora was hiding her identity by saying that she was Lisa! The warning gaze she had given to him earlier was also to tell him not to speak nonsense. Otherwise, why would she be here if she could just expose her identity? 
Royce understood. 
Ms. Nora was asking for an investment!
However, she could not expose her identity, so he had to make his investment look fair on the surface! 
But his own subordinate had been undermining him here. How could he still invest “fairly”? 
As he was thinking about what to do, Liam said again, “Um… Actually, there are only two people involved in the project. This kind of thing is easy to resolve. Professor Myer was very famous in the school back then but he has fallen from grace these past few years. As long as we invest, the number of people would definitely not be a problem.” 
One of Liam’s men sneered and retorted, “Not a problem? I think it’s a big problem! Have you been bribed by him? What’s the difference between this and a scam? Besides, this project proposal is a complete mess. Is there any need to invest?” 
Liam was lectured. He clenched his jaw and looked at Nora again. 
Rene had said that it was not easy for Nora to raise the three children alone. It was not easy for her to attend school here. They were all neighbors and he had to help. 
Therefore, Liam took a deep breath and continued, “That project… Actually, if you look at it carefully, you can tell that it will be very valuable in the future. Although we won’t be able to get any benefits in the short term, we have to look further ahead…” 
Even if Royce was helping Wayne out of friendship, he could not have given him money for no reason. 
Wayne’s project was indeed promising for the future. 
However, Royce’s subordinate continued to scold him, “This idea of yours is very dangerous! We’re investors, of course we look at the long-term benefits! But you’re a newcomer, what do you know? You still dare to speak nonsense here? Don’t tell me you want to speak up for Lisa because she’s beautiful? Mr. Royce will definitely not agree! Isn’t that so, Mr. Royce?”
###Chapter 840
Royce had been walking at the front just now, so his back was to the people behind him at the moment. As a result, his subordinates couldn’t see his expression all this time. 
Liam was just a newcomer in the department. After being lectured, he immediately lowered his head. 
He indeed had selfish motives when he spoke up for Nora, so he didn’t dare to refute the other men. 
Inwardly, though, he thought to himself, I’m done for. I’ve offended Mr. Royce’s favorite subordinate. I probably won’t have an easy time in the company now. 
The promotion he had just received might even be taken away soon. 
Despite that, though, he still said, “You misunderstand. Lisa’s just someone I know, that’s all. She is not an unreliable person, she…” 
The man beside Royce was still scolding him. “You don’t look at such external factors in a project, but at the project itself! So, Liam, you know Lisa? Then this means you’re blind! To think you can’t make a distinction between work and private matters! In my opinion, you are not suitable for our department at all!” 
Liam: “!!” 
As expected, was he really going to be fired? 
He wanted to cry. He had only managed to dodge the bullet because of the investigation into Fred. Was he going to face another unemployment crisis now? 
While Liam was thinking about this dejectedly, Royce finally turned his head slowly and looked behind him. 
He stared at his trusted subordinate, his face totally sullen.
Seeing his sullen expression, Royce’s subordinate misunderstood even further. He immediately said, “Mr. Royce, don’t be angry. I will make sure to keep an eye on newcomers like him in the future. I…” 
Before he could finish, Royce slammed his briefcase against his head and said, “Newcomer? The way I see it, the newcomer has more gumption than you do!” 
As soon as he said that, with the exception of Nora, a ton of question marks suddenly appeared above everyone’s heads:  
Liam’s head also whipped up and he looked at Royce in disbelief. 
Royce snapped, “You must have gotten old, so your eye for things can’t keep up with the youngsters anymore! That newcomer is doing very well in my opinion! Hm, yeah, I also think this project is promising! I’m going to invest in this!” 
Royce’s subordinate was stunned. 
Actually, he didn’t do anything wrong. 
After all, Wayne’s project was indeed too unreliable. 
It was a good project but Wayne’s project proposal was simply too badly written. No one who received the proposal would invest in it. 
Nevertheless, the man was quick to back down. “Yes, yes, you are right, Mr. Royce. In that case, how much should we invest?” 
“How much I should invest…” Royce looked at Nora again while thinking to himself, Ms. Nora, can you please give me some kind of response?! 
But Nora didn’t look at him.
Unable to receive any signals from her, Royce could only look at Liam. “How much do you think we should invest?” 
Liam had said just now that he and Ms. Nora knew each other, so maybe he would be able to suggest a suitable amount? 
Not expecting Royce to actually ask him for his opinion, Liam was a little taken aback. He said in a daze, “Eight… Eight…” 
Before he finished speaking, Royce nodded directly: “Eight million dollars? Okay! I’ll invest that amount! The money will be transferred into the account tomorr… no, tonight. Is that okay?” 
Liam: “” 
What he’d wanted to say was, they could try investing eight hundred thousand dollars first… 
Seeing that the money was secured, Nora nodded and moved aside. “Okay.” 
“What is the bank account number?” Royce asked. 
Nora yawned again-she had gotten sleepy. She pointed to the corridor and said, “You can talk to W… Professor Myers about it!” 
She turned and walked out. “I’ll get going then.” 
Everyone: “!!” 
Royce’s subordinate felt that she had snubbed his boss, so he immediately pointed at her and said, “What’s the matter with you? You’re just an undergraduate! You…” 
“You what?”
Royce pressed his arm, which was rudely outstretched, down and said, “Shut up! You also know that she’s an undergraduate, right? Undergraduates are just assistants in projects, so of course she wouldn’t know anything! Go and get Wayne Myers here instead!” 
Then, he looked at Liam with a big smile and said, “You did great today, Liam! Well, come here, let’s have a chat… How do you and Lisa know each other?” 
“You guys rented houses from the same landlord? Where do you live?” 
Liam, who felt highly flattered and as though something awesome had fallen into his lap: “” 
When Nora was leaving, she specially glanced at the corridor. 
In the corridor, Wayne was still reasoning with Wilson. With a door between them and Nora, the volume of his voice was reduced several times. He droned on and on. 
“… Wilson, you are not loyal to your friends at all… I know you want to suppress me so that I won’t be able to catch up with you… Goddamn it, in any case, you can forget about leaving this place today! If I can’t get NTT to invest in my project, then I will starve to death here with you!” 
Wilson was practically speechless. “You are so shameless!” 
Wayne completely ignored his outburst and continued to nag at him. 
Nora: “…” 
She knocked on the door and said, “W… Professor Myers, I’m Lisa.” 
Wayne immediately cried out, “Lisa? Have they made their decision? I knew it, NTT is not going to invest in us, sigh. I—”.
Before he could finish, though, Nora’s low voice came over. “NTT is asking whether an investment of eight million dollars is enough?” 
“… What?” 
He suspected that he had misheard. It was not until Nora repeated herself that he suddenly let go of Wilson. The man, who had still been dejected a moment ago, was suddenly revitalized. “Yes, it’s enough! It’s enough!” 
When he turned around and looked over, Nora had already strode ahead of her. 
When Wayne opened the door and entered the corridor from the stairwell, all he saw was Lisa’s back. He wanted to say something but he suddenly heard footsteps coming from the other side. The people from NTT came up to him and said respectfully, “Professor Myers, let’s sign the contract…” 
Wayne turned around instantly and went off with the people from NTT, leaving behind only an utterly confused Wilson. 
He widened his eyes, finding the turn of events absolutely incredible. Had the world gone crazy? 
NTT was investing eight million dollars in Wayne? 
Good god, was NTT doing charity because they had too much money or what?! 
The extent of Wilson’s shock was exactly how triumphant Wayne felt. He mocked him extensively for a while, pissing Wilson off so much that even his heart rate was out of whack. 
Nora didn’t know of all this and neither did she care. 
She strolled around the school again. Soon, it was evening. Nora decided to go home, she mustn’t leave the three children at home all by themselves for too long.
As soon as she got home, she coincidentally saw that Liam was also at his door. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
Before she could speak, Liam looked up, smiled at her, and said confidently, “You’re welcome! We’re neighbors, so it’s only right that I give you a hand! It’s just that I never thought that our company leader would think so highly of me! And even listen to my suggestion…” Nora: “?” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she uttered an “oh” a little speechlessly. 
Liam smiled. “It’s not easy for you to take care of three children by yourself, so I will definitely help you if you run into trouble. Now that you’ve clinched the investment deal, your professor will definitely value you! Your education journey will also become very smooth-sailing. You really don’t have to thank me! But if you really want to, then you can do me a favor?” 
Nora kept quiet for a while before she asked, “What kind of favor?” 
“Can you guys keep Rene company a little? I’m always busy with work, so she’s all alone at home. Plus, with her personality… Just take care of her a little! You can just think of it as thanking me for helping you out today!” 
Liam practically felt like he was a messiah. 
To be honest, he’d just impulsively blurted it out when he spoke up for Nora earlier. At that time, he had also been terrified and had really thought he was going to be fired. 
Unexpectedly, his company leader had spotted his talent! 
As expected, he really was a talent when it came to making investments. 
Liam looked at Nora again.
Yeah, it really wasn’t easy for Lisa to take care of her children all by herself. He should help wherever he could… 
The thought had only just formed in his mind when the sound of a car stopping outside the villa suddenly reached them. 
Liam looked behind to see Royce getting out of his Rolls-Royce limousine. Then, he hurried through the gates. 
Liam was surprised. 
Then, joy came over his face and he strode over. “Mr. Royce, why are you here?”. 
Had Royce come to visit and look at his living conditions since he had asked earlier in the day where he lived? 
Didn’t the leaders of NTT value him a little too much?! 
Unexpectedly…
###Chapter 841
Liam thought that Royce was here to visit him, so he even felt faintly like something fantastic had just fallen into his lap-but he never expected Royce to simply walk past him and stride right up to Nora! 
Liam was stunned. 
When he turned around, he saw the man, who was high up in the air in the company, ask, “Ms. N… Ms. Lisa, why are you here? Does Ma’am know?” 
Liam: “ 
The handsome and cheerful boy was utterly stunned. 
He stared at Royce in disbelief. 
What did he just say? 
He swallowed. 
“Ms. Lisa”? “Ma’am”? Why was he speaking so politely as though her position was above his? 
The only person whom Royce would address as “Ma’am” was the boss of NTT. Why was he asking Lisa about her? 
Liam’s thoughts were in a mess. He couldn’t figure out what was going on at all. 
He stared blankly at Royce and then at Nora. For a while, he felt like he was dreaming. 
Nora sighed a little the moment she saw Royce. 
It seemed that she wouldn’t be able to conceal this identity of hers in front of Liam anymore.
She broke into a small frown. She first nodded slightly at Royce, motioning to him to wait a moment. Then, she looked at Liam and said, “Please keep my identity a secret.” Liam nodded dumbly. 
Then, Nora looked at him again and asked, “So, can you let me have a private word with Royce?” 
Liam: “!!” 
He looked at Royce. 
When Liam first joined the company, he had seen Royce high up in the air. He was surrounded by people when he walked past Liam. He hadn’t even spared him a glance. 
At that time, Liam had told himself that he must work hard to climb the ladder into the department and become Royce’s subordinate! And become someone like Royce! 
But the goal he was struggling in life to move towards was instead standing humbly in front of Lisa with a respectful look on his face. In fact, the man, who had never even spared him a glance before, was even giving him a somewhat ingratiating smile right now. 
Liam knew that this was all because of Lisa. 
In his trance, he nodded and walked into his house. 
After closing the door, he couldn’t hear what Lisa and Royce were saying anymore. However, at this distance, he could still see Lisa saying something to Royce in a low voice and Royce nodding repeatedly. 
This huge reversal of roles made Liam hang his head in disappointment. 
He was an honest man, so he wanted to climb higher grounds with his own efforts. Even when Fred was bullying him the other time, he hadn’t felt anything and had just thought that this was something that a man should do.
But at this moment, seeing Lisa’s sudden transformation from someone who needed his help to someone high up in the air, he couldn’t help but sigh. In this world, a person’s social status was simply too predisposed to change. 
– 
“Don’t tell my aunt.” 
Nora ordered, her voice extremely frosty. 
Royce gave her a wry smile. “Ms. Nora, this… If Ma’am finds out, I’m afraid I will be punished.” 
Nora said, “It’s fine. I’ll get Cherry to bail you out when that happens.” 
“Okay! Then it’s all a-okay. With Ms. Cherry around, there absolutely won’t be any problems with Ma’am. What are you doing here though, Ms. Nora?” 
Royce had come especially for Nora’s promise. 
One was his boss while the other was the future successor. He didn’t want to offend either. 
But if he informed his boss straightaway, Nora would definitely get angry, so it was imperative that he came to ask for instructions and also get a guarantee from her. 
Royce was very shrewd. Cherry’s significance to his boss was incomparable to everyone else. 
At this question, Nora said, “You don’t need to bother with my affairs. Just make sure you do your job well and that would do.” 
Royce immediately lowered his head slightly in deference. “Okay.”
Then, he gave Nora his promise and said, “I will definitely handle Professor Myers’ project well, I won’t let anyone block his funds. And Liam, too. I will also promote him when the time comes. Ms. Nora, are you planning to set up your own team in the company?” 
The successor would surely need a new team, so Royce had misunderstood. 
Upon hearing this, Nora glanced to the side. 
Liam was standing in front of the window and staring at her with a complicated expression. However, the scorching idolizing look in his eyes was impossible to hide. 
That was what a young man who had just graduated from school should look like—full of hope for his career, enveloped in passion, and dying to break out into the world. 
Nora thought of how Liam stayed by Rene’s side and had never abandoned her. She also thought of how she had specially done a background check on Liam because she was worried that he had brainwashed Rene and was emotionally manipulating her but found that he had a clean family background. 
From kindergarten all the way to university, there were photos from every stage of his life. There was no way anyone could fake that. 
Therefore, after a moment’s thought, Nora replied ambiguously, “You can try putting a little more effort into grooming him.” 
Liam was kind-hearted and a good person. 
He had even dared to speak up for her at the university. From that, one could see that the young man did have the passion to make achievements. People like him were capable, so it would also be beneficial for NTT to train and groom him. 
Royce nodded right away. “No problem.”
After the two reached an agreement, Nora instructed Royce not to disturb her if there was nothing important. Only then did Royce leave subserviently. 
After Royce left, when Nora was about to enter her house, Liam suddenly opened his door and walked out. He looked at her blankly as he said, “L-Lisa… um…” 
He wanted to say something but he didn’t know how to put it into words. In the end, he simply said, “About the incident with Fred the other time… Thanks!” 
He had finally understood. It wasn’t because of his luck that something had happened to Fred; rather, it was Nora who had given the company a heads-up! 
Nora looked at him. Suddenly, her lips curled into a smile and she replied, “You’re welcome. You can just let Rene keep my children company a little more.” Liam: “…” 
He thought back to what he’d said just now about how she didn’t need to thank him and that it would do if they just spent a little more time with Rene. Liam’s face suddenly started to burn. He scratched his head and smiled at her naively. 
The naive young man couldn’t help but always think that he was the hero of the world and that it was his good fortune to be appreciated by his boss. It was only now that he realized that his real luck was getting to know Nora. 
After Royce left, he got into the car. 
Just as he was about to leave, he noticed Fred approaching 
Mrs. Long was still living here for the time being. Her son had not only suddenly lost his job but he couldn’t even find a job in the industry anymore. She had no place to go for the time being. Thus, Cindy,
the landlord, had given her a few more days to find new accommodation before she moved out. 
Nora didn’t have much to say about this. 
After all, Mrs. Long was busy looking for a job, so she didn’t have the time to bully Cherry anymore. It wasn’t like Nora would only be satisfied after she drove them into a dead corner. 
Fred’s job search had also been very difficult. At NTT, he was already a senior executive, so now that he was restarting as a low employee, not many companies were willing to hire him. Even if there were some that were willing, they offered a very low salary. He wanted to go back to NTT but he was told that he had offended someone. 
Who on earth had he offended? He only punished Liam recently but he had already investigated the young man’s family background a long time ago. There was no way he would have such connections! 
When he came back all down and dejected, he suddenly caught a glimpse of Royce’s car, which instantly stunned him on the spot. 
It was Royce! 
He was a company leader who stood above all but one! 
Why was he here? 
Could it be that… 
Fred swallowed and entered the garden. When he did, he happened to see that Nora hadn’t gone into her house yet… 
During the last two days after he returned home, his mother had pointed at Nora’s door and complained to him. She said that the woman, who just moved in, had bullied her. She had told him a lot, such as how she was taking care of three children even though she was all by herself.
Fred had been busy looking for a job, so he hadn’t had time to give them trouble yet. He was just so planning to make trouble for them today! 
But when he thought of Royce’s car, the stunned man blurted, “Was Royce here for 
you?” 
Nora: “” 
She raised her brows. 
It didn’t matter that Liam had found out about her identity because he would keep the secret for her, but Fred and Mrs. Long were not good people. If they found out, Nora wouldn’t be able to keep her identity a secret anymore. 
But Royce had just left and she was out in the garden… 
Nora glanced to the side. When she saw Liam, she pointed at him calmly and replied, “He was here for him.” 
Liam: “!!” 
Fred was already looking at him. 
Faced with his former supervisor’s gaze, Liam swallowed. After a while, he nodded and pretended to say calmly, “Yes, he was here for me…” 
Fred was utterly stunned. He suddenly thought of how he had been fired just when he was going to punish Liam. 
He was even told that he had offended someone he shouldn’t have. Wouldn’t that precisely mean Liam?
Thus, he reacted very quickly and rushed over. He said, “Liam… no, Mr. Martin, you know what they say about how friends begin as enemies. We just got off on the wrong foot, that’s all. I’m sorry for what I did to you in the past. Should I get down on my knees? Spare me! I really can’t find a job now and my family will be out of food next month! I have elderly and children in my family…” 
Liam: “…” 
He looked at Nora in alarm and uncertainty. 
Seeing that he was staying quiet and looking at Nora, Fred also looked at her. He thought of what Mrs. Long had done and hurriedly said, “Ms. Lisa, I’m sorry, my mother only bullied you because her younger sister wants to move here. She wanted to rent the house that you’re living in, that’s why she wanted to drive you away. I’ll apologize to you, okay?” 
Nora already knew this a long time ago, so she was unmoved. 
At this moment, Mrs. Long also came home. With her cell phone in hand, she ranted as she walked. 
“If you’re not coming, then why send me a message saying that you want to? You asked me to rent a place for you and even said that you want to live with me? I almost drove my neighbors away because of you. Now you’re telling me that it wasn’t you? That you didn’t send me any messages? Ha, how can that be? My chat messages are all right here!” 
Fred was dumbfounded. He looked at Mrs. Long and asked, “Mom, did she say she isn’t coming anymore?” 
Mrs. Long was furious. “Yeah! I thought she was coming today, so I called and asked where she was, but now she says that she never sent me any messages asking me to rent a house for her! Has she become muddleheaded from old age?”
“Mom! How can you get something like this wrong?!” Fred was aghast. In order to rent that house, he’d offended someone he shouldn’t have and even lost his job! 
“No, Fred, I didn’t make a mistake! It’s your aunt who’s being inexplicable! I’m serious, look! The chat messages are all here!” 
Mrs. Long hurriedly took out her cell phone and handed it to Fred. 
Just as Fred was about to look at it, a slender hand suddenly reached over. 
Nora stared at the chat messages on Mrs. Long’s phone. Two days before she arrived, Mrs. Long had received a message on her cell phone asking her to help with renting a house. 
After that, the person chatted with her every day and pressed her about the house. 
But Nora could tell at a glance that the tone of these chat messages was different from that of the previous messages! Her phone had been hacked! 
Nora’s eyes narrowed. 
She had never been one to think that such things were mere coincidences! 
Someone must be up to no good behind the scenes! 
But who was it?! 
She took Mrs. Long’s cell phone and went into her own house. 
Mrs. Long shouted anxiously, “Hey, what’s the matter with you? Are you stealing my phone?!” 
But before she could go on, Fred stopped her.
After Nora entered the house, she took out her own cell phone and easily hacked into Mrs. Long’s. Then, through the text messages, she began to track down the other party! 
She wanted to know who was plotting against them! And what their ive was!
###Chapter 843
While Nora was wondering about it curiously, Caleb coughed and said, “Forget it, I won’t say it anymore.” 
“…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little and she suspected that Caleb was playing her for a fool. 
Seemingly sensing her displeasure, Caleb chuckled lowly and said, “I really can’t bring myself to say it. If I ever see you again in this lifetime, I will tell you in person.” 
Caleb had returned to the mysterious organization this time as the special department’s spy. 
He only had two months left to live. 
In fact, if his lung cancer worsened, he might not even have two months. 
Therefore, he didn’t know when he would be able to return to America and see Nora again. 
Nora realized what he meant, so she said, “We will meet for sure.” 
“Hopefully.” 
Caleb was about to speak again when a shrill voice suddenly came from the far end of the phone. “Who are you calling, hiding here?” 
It was Trueman! 
Nora frowned, worried about Caleb. 
“No one in particular.” Caleb’s voice was calm and he didn’t seem to be nervous at all. 
“Oh? Heh, show me!”
The sound of people fighting over the phone came from the other side. Caleb said anxiously, “Give me back the phone!” 
Trueman scoffed. “Am I not allowed to know who you’re on the phone with? I’m going to see what you’re doing behind my back!” 
After that, Trueman must have looked at the phone and seen her name, because he sneered and said, “My little servant?” 
II 
Nora ignored him but Trueman said with a sneer, “Oh my, I didn’t expect you two to keep in contact even after you’ve separated. Why? Is my little servant interested in my little sidekick? Or…” 
His voice suddenly turned frosty. “… has my little sidekick betrayed me? And turned to you 
guys?” 
Nora wanted to make up an excuse but before she could speak, Caleb sighed and said, “She was just asking me a few personal questions.” “What kind of questions?” Trueman was pushy and aggressive. “And personal ones at that? Ha, are the two of you even that close?” 
Seeing this, Nora did not speak. Caleb continued speaking in an even-tempered manner. He said, “She was asking me about the five people who survived back then and what they are like. She wants to find Barbarian and avenge Justin.” 
His story seemed to have convinced Trueman. 
He scoffed and said, “My little servant, you want to seek revenge? I’d advise you not to fantasize about that! It’s impossible for you to contend with Barbarian when you only have a normal person’s strength!”
After he spoke, he asked, “Did you tell her what Barbarian’s genetic modification is?” 
Caleb replied, “Yeah, I did.” 
Trueman uttered an “oh” and then asked, “And Listener and Spacey’s?” 
“I told her.” 
“Tsk.” Trueman smacked his lips softly and remarked, “You sure tell her everything you know! Do you like her that much?” 
Nora was a little taken aback to hear this. 
She looked at the phone in astonishment, upon which she heard Caleb’s prompt rejection. “Don’t talk nonsense, she and I are just friends.” 
Trueman scoffed. “Just friends? From when we were children all the way till now, I have never seen you care so much about any friend. Caleb, don’t forget who you are! Do you have any right to be in love with someone?” 
Nora slowly frowned. 
Caleb was in love with her? 
How could this be? How few times in total have they met? 
She was about to speak when Caleb denied it. “I don’t, I know very well who I am. I just feel guilty towards Ms. Smith, that’s all! After all, the Grays didn’t manage to protect her back then.” 
Trueman scoffed again. “You say one thing but mean another. You’re really very dull. You are already about to die yet you still don’t have the courage to express your feelings!”
Caleb had really panicked this time. “Trueman, shut up!” 
After saying that, he hurriedly explained, “Nora, don’t listen to his nonsense.” 
Nora was a little embarrassed. “… Okay.” 
Although she had been confessed to by many others, she really hadn’t expected Caleb to fall for her. 
She shook her head, dismissing the idea. 
Then she heard Trueman say, “You guys are so boring. Forget it. My little servant, Barbarian’s body has been improved to the greatest extent. He can not only control every muscle with finesse but he can also lift a thousand pounds! Even if you are the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ Big Sister, compared to him, you still have lots more to work on! If you really want to avenge Justin, then there is only one way.” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “What is it?” 
Trueman suddenly laughed. “Training with 
me.” 
Nora: “?” 
Trueman asked, “Do you know which genes of mine were improved?” 
Nora shook her head. “No.” 
Trueman laughed. “It’s longevity!” 
Nora: “?”
Trueman said slowly, “Once humans live for a long enough time, don’t they all pursue longevity? The gene serum I was injected with improves precisely this gene. You and I won’t be able to beat Barbarian in a fight even if we team up but we can wear him down until he dies!” 
The joke really was not funny at all. 
Trueman, however, suddenly said seriously, “Do you think I’m joking? I’m not. What do you think a person pursues after they have earned enough money? Don’t kings and people with high social status eventually all pursue immortality? Barbarian’s boost in physical strength and Spacey’s boost in intelligence are all nonsense in the face of longevity! Why do you think the mysterious organization studied human genes in the first place? It was precisely for longevity!” Nora: “!” 
“My little servant, is the information I told you today enough? Heh, are you considering joining us now? Once we find the V16, we will crack the code of human longevity!” 
Nora curled her lip. “I’m not interested in longevity.” 
“Tsk.” 
Trueman curled her lip and said no more to her. Instead, he said, “Caleb, I’ve found news of Barbarian. Go to him and bring me back the clue to V16, or V16 itself!” 
“Where is he?” asked Caleb. 
Nora’s ears pricked up too. 
However, Trueman hung up the phone at this moment! 
Nora: “…” 
Trueman had definitely brought up Barbarian’s whereabouts on purpose without telling her the answer.
Nora put aside thoughts of Barbarian for now and began to think about the person who had hacked into Mrs. Long’s cell phone. If she wasn’t wrong, he must be Spacey. 
But why would Spacey do that? 
Did he just want to use Mrs. Long to give her some painless annoyance? 
Was there any point in doing that? 
Nora couldn’t figure out what Spacey was thinking, so she could only put down the phone. 
She was a little curious about Caleb’s improved genes and why it was so difficult for him to speak of it. 
— 
The next day, when Nora went to class, the counselor walked in with a bespectacled man. “Guys, this is our school’s newly-hired professor. Please welcome him, everyone.” 
Nora: “…” 
As she looked at Caleb’s familiar and gentle face as he stood on the podium, she suddenly curled her lips into a smile. 
Caleb did a self-introduction. Then, when his gaze swept across the students, the moment he saw Nora, he paused slightly-obviously, he had no idea that Nora was here! 
With this though, Nora had also confirmed something. 
Trueman had ordered Caleb to find Barbarian. Since Caleb had shown up here, this meant that Barbarian was at Staav University. 
Besides, now that they had met, she would also be able to know about Caleb’s improved genes.
###Chapter 844
“That professor is so handsome.” 
The students below the podium were all secretly discussing Caleb. 
Nora raised her brows. 
Caleb was really very handsome. On top of that, the dashing aura around him was elegant and gentle. He wore glasses and always smiled gently before he spoke, which gave people a refreshing feel, like a spring breeze. 
Yet at the same time, it didn’t give people the feeling that he was easy to get close to. On the contrary, there was a sense of alienation and nobility. 
He and Justin both came from wealthy families but the two gave people completely different feelings. 
Justin felt like a fierce and ferocious war god. He was terrifying and intimidating. 
Caleb, on the other hand, was like a celestial being, making people feel like he was out of one’s reach. 
Nora lowered her eyes, put her head on the table, and fell asleep. 
She attended classes just so she wouldn’t attract attention. She had chosen to be an exchange student at this time because there weren’t many classes during this period. 
Caleb’s voice was gentle and hypnotic. 
As Nora listened, she slept even more soundly. 
On the podium, Caleb chuckled when he saw the girl fall asleep, and he subconsciously lowered his volume. In fact, when someone spoke, he gently reminded them, “Keep your voice down. Don’t disturb your classmates who are sleeping.”
The students: “…” 
The class was soon over. After class, Nora stretched and stood up. This time, she didn’t leave but looked at Caleb at the front instead. 
Caleb wanted to come to her but was stopped by a student. “Professor Gray, I don’t understand this part here…” 
Nora yawned. While she was waiting for him, a voice suddenly came from the side. 
“Hey, Lisa.” 
She turned her head and saw Oscar standing beside her with an embarrassed look on her face. She said, “I know you may not care, but I still want to apologize.” 
Nora knew what she meant. She didn’t mind, though. 
She didn’t regard Oscar as a friend, so she didn’t take her prejudice towards her to heart at all. She nodded and said, “It’s okay.” 
After speaking, she picked up her bag and went out the door. 
Oscar had a complicated look on her face as she looked at Lisa from the back. After hearing what the counselor had said the day before, she had gone to Professor Wilson to check her exam papers. 
In the end, she found that the other girl had indeed gotten every question right. 
At first, she felt that the girl had deceived her, but she immediately realized the next moment that Lisa had never said that she couldn’t do the questions. In fact, she had even mentioned several times that she didn’t need her help. 
It was her own arrogance that had made her think that Nora’s grades were bad.
Oscar stared at Lisa from the back. For some reason, she suddenly felt like the girl’s image in her mind was getting bigger and bigger. 
Nora didn’t leave after she exited the classroom but stood at the corner and waited. 
After a while, Caleb came over. The man, who was a head taller than her, asked with a smile, “Lisa?” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah, Lisa.” 
Caleb smiled again. He said, “Long time no see.” 
“Yeah, long time no see.” 
Nora replied calmly. 
Caleb looked straight at her and then asked, “Are you… okay?” 
Nora: “?” 
Just as she was puzzled over Caleb’s question, she heard Caleb speak again. “About Mr. Hunt…” 
Alright, Nora had once again forgotten that Justin was “dead”! 
She lowered her eyes. In order to hide her emotions, she could only say calmly, “Actually, we weren’t that close.” 
Strictly speaking, she and Justin had only known each other for three months and during those three months, they had not been together every day, either. 
When she put it that way, even she herself was puzzled. 
She had never had many friends her whole life, so why had she fallen in love with him in such a short period of time? On top of that, it was to the extent of complete trust.
Nora’s expression at the moment seemed a little puzzled. 
Her statement convinced Caleb, though. 
After all, Nora had always been cold and indifferent since she was a child and had never been one to fixate on relationships. To be honest, it would be stranger if she was dramatic about it. 
Seeing that she wasn’t too hung up over it, a smile formed on Caleb’s face and he said, “Yeah, I’m glad you’re alright.” 
He looked at the time and suggested, “Let’s have lunch together?” “Sure.” 
Caleb was the special department’s undercover agent. Additionally, when he was in America, he’d helped her a lot. Besides, Nora also wanted to know about Barbarian, so she and Caleb left the school together and went to a private room in a restaurant nearby. 
When the food came, Nora sat opposite Caleb and asked about Barbarian first. “Is Barbarian here?” 
Caleb nodded. “Trueman found out that Barbarian had appeared in the school, so he wanted me to come over and take a look. Why are you here too?” Right after he spoke, he figured out something and asked directly, “Did you come here because you have a clue about V16?” 
Nora knew that she wouldn’t be able to give a convincing explanation once she was found here. 
Even a fool wouldn’t believe her spiel about being an exchange student at this point. 
Besides, even though she couldn’t fully trust Caleb, some things were still okay to let him know. 
She nodded. “Yes.”
Caleb frowned. “Then you have to be careful. If Spacey has his eye on you, then he must know that you are here. Barbarian is also here… Nora, you mustn’t underestimate any of the five of us who survived among thousands of people!” Nora nodded, her expression solemn. “Got it.” 
After speaking, she suddenly asked, “So… Which genes of yours were improved?” 
Caleb instantly turned red. 
He was a little embarrassed. 
Nora smiled slightly. “You said that you would tell me if we ever meet again!” Caleb sighed. “Forget it, I’ll tell you.” “…Okay.” Nora’s ears pricked up curiously. 
Caleb seemed a little shy. He coughed and then sighed and said, “Well, it’s my heat resistance genes.” 
Nora: “” 
Her first reaction was that she didn’t understand! 
Caleb sighed. “At the appropriate level of humidity, the average person’s cells start dying at around 113 degrees Fahrenheit. The highest one can endure is 122 degrees but I can survive in an environment of 176 degrees.” 
Nora: “…” 
So! What was the use of improving genes like that?! 
Why would humans study such strange things? 
But the next moment, she realized a problem. “Then can’t you undergo high-temperature treatment for your lung cancer? Cancer cells can be killed at just 110 degrees!”
At 110 to 122 degrees Fahrenheit, cancer cells would die after a few hours. However, normal cells would also be killed at the same time, which was why humans couldn’t fight cancer with this method. 
But Caleb could! 
Just as Nora was about to say something, she suddenly realized something. “The cancer cells can also survive at 176 degrees?” 
Caleb nodded. 
Nora: “…” 
If his cancer could be cured so easily, he would have recovered a long time ago. Other doctors must have also thought of this idea before. 
She held her forehead. 
Caleb looked calm, though. “It’s okay, I have already prepared myself for it. In any case, even if my cancer is cured, I won’t be able to find the V16 anyway…” 
Cancer was difficult to treat. 
Nora sighed silently. 
She then asked, “What are Spacey’s characteristics?” 
Caleb shook his head. “I haven’t seen him since I was ten and he didn’t like to talk much back then… Apart from Spacey, you also have to watch out for Listener. Nora, all five of us who survived, want to live; so they will definitely fight with you for the V16. The key here is time is running out.” 
Xander didn’t have much time left, either.
Nora knew that she had to hurry and find a way to enter the archives and obtain File No. 004! 
Since the food was here, the two of them stopped talking and started to eat. 
Halfway through the meal, because the chatter was simply too loud in the private room next door, faint voices traveled over. 
“Professor Epson, the results of your research are great! You have been trying to invite Anti to do this project with you, right? Except she didn’t respond. If she learns that you have succeeded in your research for the project, she will definitely regret it.” 
It was a student paying lip service to Epson. 
“Of course!” Epson sneered, “The way I see it, Anti’s reputation is unwarranted by any actual skill. Look at how many patients she has operated on over the years! Two operations a month? I can’t help but wonder if those patients were even really sick?” 
Some students next to him also echoed him. “Yeah, who knows, maybe they were just acting with her. If her medical skills are really that great, why would she do that?”
###Chapter 845
Epson sneered. “You make it sound so mysterious. Her formalism is too extreme. She only treats two sick patients every month? I don’t believe that she’ll only treat two people a month when her husband, son, and father get sick together. Will she let the other person wait for death? How ridiculous!” 
“Hahahaha!” 
The others also laughed. 
Epson was actually not popular with the students. He deliberately gave convoluted lectures to emphasize that he was different from the others, rendering everyone unable to understand his lectures. 
Even Oscar had to listen carefully. If she was even a little distracted, she would not be able to keep up. Therefore, Epson had always had a demon class in school. He was arrogant and proud. The project he applied for could not be completed by himself but he did not want anyone to take a share. Now that someone had finally invested in his project, he finally had some results and had long been promoted. 
If he did not know Anti and did not have her contact details, he would have walked to Anti long ago! 
What he was about to solve was a difficult problem in the medical world! 
It was said that Anti had been researching this difficult problem for a few years. Until now, there had been no results. 
Epson now wished he could announce to the world that he was a hundred times better than Anti. 
Nora originally did not care about their mockery but when she heard ‘husband, son, and father’, she frowned. 
He should not badmouth her family. Shouldn’t he be a little considerate when badmouthing others? 
She stood up and was about to go over and teach Epson a lesson when the room door was kicked open.
Epson and the students exclaimed, “Who are you? Which school are you from?” 
Nora was raising her eyebrows when she heard a familiar female voice charmingly say, “Tsk, listen carefully, you can learn from me. Call me ‘Mother’. Come, learn from me.” 
“Mother…” 
Epson and the other students were at first very vigilant against this woman who had suddenly barged in, but when they heard her charming voice, they subconsciously repeated her words. 
“Sigh! My stupid sons!” 
The woman smiled. 
It was only then that Epson and the other students realized that they had been played. They were instantly furious and shouted, “B*tch!” 
Epson was furious but he was a teacher, after all. Therefore, he asked, “What are you doing? Do you have something against us?” 
The woman sneered. “I don’t have any grudges with you but the Anti you’re talking about is my sister-in- law. Of course, I can’t stand you badmouthing her! Now, you better apologize to her or else…” 
Thud! 
With the sound of a glass bottle shattering, Brenda said domineeringly, “No one will leave here unscathed today!” 
–
In the private room next door. 
Hearing Brenda’s voice, Nora felt that it was unbelievable. 
Wasn’t Brenda in New York? 
Why was she in Switzerland? 
She was about to leave the room and reunite with Brenda when her phone rang again. 
She picked it up and heard Solo’s voice on the other end. “Anti, sigh!” 
Nora: “?” 
This fellow was always full of energy when he called her. Why was he sighing the moment he called? It seemed like something was wrong. Wasn’t Solo in New York? 
She frowned. “What’s wrong?” 
“Do you know where your sister-in-law is?” 
Solo’s voice was listless. “I suddenly can’t contact her. We were fine at first but she suddenly suggested breaking up with me. Now, she’s gone.” 
Solo continued, “I want to ask her in person why she left without saying goodbye. What did she say? She said she has always been a loose woman. She said she was only playing with me for a while but I don’t believe it. Who the hell wants to play with me by giving up their first time?” 
Nora: “Her first time” 
Brenda liked to mess around and she liked handsome men. She would flirt with any man she saw, so Nora thought that Brenda had done it a long time ago. Was it really her first time?
Solo said, “Yes, I’m sure it was her first time, with me! Why?”
###Chapter 846
Nora felt a little stunned. 
Was Brenda’s flirtatious behavior all fake? 
She thought that Brenda was naturally dissolute… Oh, wait. Justin had said that Brenda was fine when she was young, but she suddenly seemed to have become a different person when she returned home after going overseas. 
At that time, Justin had a lot of opinions about foreign countries. He said that Cherry would stay in the country when she grew up, that the culture overseas was too bad, and so on… 
While Nora was thinking, Solo continued, “Besides, she disappeared. I can’t find her anywhere. Her information is very confidential. Isn’t she just a small police officer? Are the identities of all the police officers in New York so difficult to investigate?” 
Solo was a hacker. If he wanted to find someone, he could just search on his computer. 
He wanted to know where Brenda lived, where she was, and if she had gone out. However, he did not have any clues! 
Brenda’s identity was kept secret. 
Nora: “…It’s not that difficult, is it?” 
Solo sneered. “Heh, how is it not difficult? Although I’m not as good at hacking as you are and you’re Q, you might not be better than me when it comes to finding people! To be honest, I’m doing this for you because you saved me. Why don’t you show me your skills as Q?” 
Nora: “… There’s no need.”
Solo agitated her. “I think you’re afraid? If you can’t find her, would you feel embarrassed? If word gets out that Q can’t even find a person!” 
Nora: “…” 
This provocation was useless against her. 
Solo said so much because he wanted to provoke her to help him find someone. 
The low voices of Epson and the other students rang out in the private room next door, accompanied by Brenda’s cold smile. “Did you just apologize? I didn’t hear you. Louder!” 
Nora: “I know where she is.” 
Solo: “” 
“F*ck? Are you that fast? How long has it been? I’ve been searching for hours on the Internet but I haven’t found anything. Only a second has passed, right?” 
Solo felt like his worldview had exploded. 
They were both computer hackers, so how could the difference be so great? 
The corners of Nora’s mouth twitched. She ignored him and did not care about his thoughts. Instead, she said, “I’ll ask if she’s willing to see you.” 
Solo: “How can you be like this? Am I your good friend or her?” 
Nora: “She’s not my good friend.” 
“Then what’s there to consider? You have to support me!” 
Nora replied calmly, “But she’s my sister-in-law.”
After hanging up the call, Nora went out. 
As soon as she came out, she saw Epson and the other students in a sorry state. Their faces were all bruised. It seemed like Brenda had not been gentle. A few people walked out of the private room in a panic and looked at Brenda. “Wait here. We’ll call the police immediately!” 
Brenda laughed softly and waved her fists. 
Epson and the students were instantly frightened. They turned around and ran. 
Epson even fell down during his escape. 
He looked very pathetic. 
Brenda seemed to be satisfied. She clapped her hands, and when she turned around, she suddenly saw Nora. She immediately said in surprise, “Nora? Why are you here?!” 
Then, she saw Caleb walking out of the private room with Nora. She asked, “You’re eating with a friend?” 
“Yes.” 
Nora pointed to the private room. “Join us?” 
Brenda nodded. Her gaze brushed past Caleb’s face and she asked, “Didn’t you go to Trueman’s place to be a spy?”. 
Caleb had been captured by the special department before, so Brenda knew him very well. 
Caleb said, “Yes, he sent me to complete a mission.”
“I know,” Brenda said. After entering the private room with Nora, as a member of the special department, she first checked the cameras around the private room. After confirming that there were no problems, she said, “You reported to Captain Ford that Barbarian was at Staav University, right? So Captain Ford sent me here! After all, this is my territory!” 
As an Interpol officer, Brenda had always been on duty in Switzerland. She was very familiar with the surroundings. 
Caleb asked, “You’re here to look for Barbarian?” 
“Yes,” Brenda said. “We investigated Barbarian. He’s a serial killer. He’ll definitely take the chance to kill when he comes to Staav University. Besides, someone has already been killed.” 
When Brenda said this, it instantly aroused Nora’s interest. “Who?” 
Brenda explained, “He was a professor who researched genes at Staav University. He was found dead at home last night. The method of murder was very cruel. We investigated the scene and suspect that it was done by Barbarian. He should be looking for clues about V16.” 
Nora instantly frowned. 
When Barbarian was in the country, he would hide his murderous intentions before attacking 
Actually, be it him, Listener, Spacey, Trueman, or Caleb—these five people were all victims of that gene serum experiment. 
But now, in order to find V16, some had already gone crazy. 
As Nora was thinking, Caleb sighed. “It’s not his fault. After his body was strengthened, Barbarian’s character changed. He became more and more savage and very violent. Actually, among the children
who were strengthened, some of them did not die from their body’s rejection of the gene agent. At that time, those children were killed by Barbarian.”
###Chapter 847
When Professor Wilson heard the counselor, he couldn’t help but shrug. “The papers have only just been collected. They haven’t been given to me yet, so…” 
He couldn’t see Nora’s test paper, either. 
The counselor sighed. “Never mind then!” 
Professor Wilson asked curiously, “Are her grades very good? I happen to need two undergraduates as assistants in my lab. If her grades are excellent, then I can consider her for the position…” 
“Oh, no.” The counselor explained, “She’s an exchange student from America. Oscar doesn’t want to guide her anymore, so I was thinking that if she could at least score a C, then I can try talking to Oscar about it again.” 
Upon hearing this, Professor Wilson waved and said, “Oh, an exchange student from America? The students from that school are terrible, so I doubt she can score a C. Even in her best condition, the highest she can score is probably just a D. I’ll go a little easy on her!” 
The counselor nodded. 
She thought for a while and suddenly said, “Professor, you said just now that your lab needs assistants from the undergraduates, right? You’ll definitely want Oscar, so why don’t you take Lisa too? As an exchange student, everyone looks down on her. If you let her help out at the lab, maybe she’ll be motivated to do better!” 
Professor Wilson thought for a while and shook his head. “I only want Oscar. My experiment requires the assistants to go to the archives to refer to the materials there, so I didn’t even pick that many postgraduate students. It is impossible for me to accept someone who doesn’t know anything into the team.”
The counselor frowned and said, “But our school treats the exchange students so coldly every year, which reflects really badly on us. This year, the school has ordered me to treat Lisa well. Besides, Lisa is so pretty, she’s the prettiest among all the exchange students I have seen. She has an indescribable mysterious feeling about her…” 
Before she could finish, Professor Wilson interrupted her. “I see, you want me to accept her so that it looks like our course values the exchange students, right? But there are many professors conducting experiments, it doesn’t necessarily have to be me. I can recommend someone.” 
The counselor blinked. “You mean…?” 
“The university’s deserter, of course. Didn’t that guy come back this year? The one who takes a salary from the school every month but doesn’t do his job? I heard that he plans to set up an experiment lab! Can’t you just shove Lisa into his lab?” 
The counselor understood at once. “You’re referring to Professor Myers? But Professor Myers was the best professor of microbiology in the past. Will he accept an exchange student?” 
Wilson smiled. “Wayne Myers is also from America, so who knows? You can try asking him. Besides, you said it yourself—that was all in the past. Do you think he is still the best when more than twenty years have already passed? I heard that his lab hasn’t gotten any investors so far and neither have any students applied to be under him.” 
When Wayne disappeared more than twenty years ago, everyone had said that he left to go into business. This was because he had kept asking people from the university’s School of Economics and Business Management business-related questions. 
It was said that his company didn’t do very well, so he had returned to campus.
Many looked down on him upon his return. Everyone privately mocked him for living in the past and thinking that he was still the best microbiology professor, which had made him set extremely strict standards for students applying to join his projects. 
As a result, he still hadn’t established a team for his project. Additionally, no one was investing in his project. 
The counselor found Wilson’s suggestion perfunctory but when she thought about how Oscar had rejected Lisa, she was afraid that even Lisa would give up on herself if she didn’t arrange for Lisa to be assigned to a lab. 
She could only say, “I’ll try talking to him!” 
For Lisa, she had to bite the bullet and give it a go. 
After saying this, she turned and saw a cranky figure at the door. 
Wayne stared at Wilson. 
The two could be said to be old friends. Wilson had competed with him back then but he didn’t expect him to have become so despicable. 
Didn’t he just take care of Idealian Pharmaceuticals for Ms. Yvette for a few years? Yet they were now taking him for a nobody? 
ere no 
They were too much!
Wayne was a chatterbox from the start and was incredibly naggy. He was so furious that he started ranting. 
“Wilson, you piece of garbage, how dare you look down on me like that? You couldn’t catch up with me back then, no matter how hard you tried. I was in first place while you were the perennial second. Yet now you’re shoving a student you don’t want to me? Do you think I will take them? You… #￥%@…” 
Wayne ranted at him for a whole ten minutes without any pause in between, causing both Wilson and the counselor to be dumbfounded. 
When Wayne finally stopped, the counselor hurriedly said, “Professor Myers, that’s not the case. Lisa is a good student…” 
Before she could finish, Wayne retorted furiously, “Do you think there is something wrong with my brain? Would I accept someone Wilson doesn’t want? I’m not stupid! I… #￥@%…” 
He scolded Wilson for ten minutes without any pause, again. 
After he was done, he became thirsty, so he picked up a glass and poured himself a glass of water. 
Wilson glanced at the counselor and suddenly said, “Since Myers doesn’t want her either, then let’s just forget it. American students are poor in their studies anyway, so neither of us would want them in our labs, isn’t that right, Myers?” 
His provocation angered Wayne instantly. “F*ck you! Who are you looking down on? I’m an American myself! American students are not poor in their studies at all!” 
Wilson waved and said, “The facts are right in front of you. I don’t want that American student and neither do you. If American students are really that excellent, then why wouldn’t you want them?”
Wayne, who had been checkmated, was a little at a loss for words. “Just like the ones here, there are good and bad students in America. How can you lump them all together?” 
Wilson said, “But Lisa is already the best student there, yet neither you nor I want her, SO… I can only say that American students are simply too lousy in biomedical engineering.” 
When Wayne became the best microbiology professor back then, he had made his country proud. 
There might not be any borders in science but there were among scientists! 
Now that Wilson was driving him into a corner like this, would he be able to bear it? 
He immediately said, “Who says I don’t want her? I want her! I just don’t want your rejects, that’s all. Ha, but if you let me pick from all the students in the class, I would definitely pick her. What’s her name again…” 
The counselor hurriedly replied, “Lisa.” 
Wayne nodded. “Yes, Lisa! She is the most pleasing to the eye among all the students in the class. I’ll take her! Students from America are not inferior in any way at all!” 
Wilson smiled. “Myers, you have to think through this. That student’s grades are very poor, you know…” 
“Ha, just because she has poor grades doesn’t mean that she’s not talented! Maybe she’s just not good at exams. Wilson, you are being biased by evaluating a student like that! Besides, they’ve only just finished the exam, so their grades aren’t even out yet! How are you so sure that her grades are bad?” 
Wayne was puffing himself up at his own cost right now! 
No matter what, he had to accept Lisa into his lab team today. He mustn’t let anyone think that American students were totally unwanted here!
At the very worst, he’d just let her mooch off the team. 
While he was thinking about it, the test papers from the exam were delivered to the office. 
Wilson’s eyes lit up. “The test papers are here. Let’s find Lisa’s and take a look? Didn’t you want to know whether Lisa would get a D or an E just now?” 
The counselor: “…” 
She didn’t want to know anymore! 
When the counselor proposed to let Lisa join a lab project, she had really only done it for the student’s interests and only wanted to boost her confidence. She didn’t expect it to turn into an excuse for Wilson and Wayne to fight. 
She was extremely grateful to Wayne for accepting the student, so she didn’t want to embarrass him. 
But just as she was about to speak, Wilson had already found Lisa’s paper from among the stack of test papers. He smiled and said, “Come on, let’s see just how ‘excellent’ this student from America is.” 
He sounded mocking when he said ‘excellent’. 
After speaking, he even looked at Wayne and said, “Come on, Myers, let’s take a look together.”
###Chapter 848
A lot of people had already surrounded the villa where Nora lived. 
Everyone stood outside and pointed at them. 
Mrs. Long had her hands on her hips as she cursed, “Like I said, these people haven’t even been here a day and they’ve already started stealing! She’s definitely not a good person. We shouldn’t let such a person stay in a district like ours!” 
Someone beside her advised, “Mrs. Long, you’ve been scolding her for so long. The young lady is so cute, she doesn’t look like a thief. Tell me, what did she steal?” 
Mrs. Long immediately said, “She stole my scallion pancake!” 
As soon as she said this, everyone looked at the scallion pancake in Cherry’s hand. She had already eaten half of the pancake and now she was holding the pancake and looking at Mrs. Long with black grape-like eyes. 
Hearing this, Cherry took another bite of scallion pancake. Her mouth was stuffed full, making her look especially cute. 
Someone beside her said, “Mrs. Long, isn’t it just a cake? Can you just let it go? We’re all neighbors, and the child is very young. She might just be hungry if she ate your cake!” 
Mrs. Long sneered, “What do you know? She’s already so bad at a young age. She’s a crooked stick! Do you know what her father does? He’s a worker! Do you know what her mother does? She’s so young and doesn’t look like a proper mother at all! I think she didn’t even go to school and just fooled around with a man. She gave birth to these three little bastards! She gave birth early but didn’t raise them well. If we let them stay here, they’ll become the stinky bugs in our district sooner or later!” 
With that, everyone looked at Cherry in confusion.
However, Cherry took another bite of the pancake. Her clear eyes were staring at Mrs. Long as she stood there and asked, “Grandma, who is a stinky bug?” 
Mrs. Long immediately pointed at her. “You are, of course!” 
“Oh.” Cherry smiled and began eating again. 
The scallion pancake was really delicious! 
She took two mouthfuls and the crowd burst into laughter. Before Mrs. Long could understand what was going on, someone beside her laughed. “The little girl is teasing 
you!” 
Mrs. Long: “!” 
From where do children nowadays learn to tease like that? 
She did not react for a moment. 
Cherry shrugged. She had learned this from her mother last time! Although it was an old trick, it was very effective in angering others! 
The vicious old woman was so angry that her chest was heaving. Cherry grinned and continued to eat her scallion pancake. 
Mrs. Long took a few deep breaths. Her fingers were trembling. “You little girl, you have a sharp tongue. I can tell at a glance that you won’t be a good person when you grow up. I think you’re going to be like your mother. You’re so young, you didn’t learn to be good. You’ll live well with bad men!” 
Cherry did not understand her words but her eyes lit up. “Do you think I’ll be like my mommy?”
Mommy was so strong. How good would it be if she was like her?! 
Therefore, she grinned. “Thank you!” 
Mrs. Long was really furious. “Look, look. Her skin is so thick. I scolded her and she thanked me! What right does a person like her have to stay with us?” 
“Alright, alright.” Some people could not stand it anymore and stepped forward. “The little girl looks fine. She doesn’t look like she comes from a bad family at all. Mrs. Long, you must have some misunderstanding. Besides, if she came from a bad family, could she afford to rent a house here?” 
Although the houses here were cheap, not everyone could rent them. 
Mrs. Long immediately said, “Heh, that’s not right. Today, she stole my family’s scallion pancake. She might steal your watch tomorrow! Do we have to guard against thieves every day if we stay here? Are you willing to do that?” 
These words made everyone around shut their mouths. 
No matter who it was, they did not want to be neighbors with a thief. 
Therefore, everyone looked at Cherry and said, “Young lady, I think you should apologize to Mrs. Long! Isn’t it just a scallion pancake? Your parents will definitely be able to afford it. Apologize well and repent. We won’t pursue the matter with you!” 
Mrs. Long sneered as well. “Heh, apologize? You can’t apologize about this. Why don’t we call the police? We have to get the police to teach this little brat a lesson!” 
“Don’t call the police!”
“That’s right. It’s just a small matter. We’re all neighbors. Why must you do this?” 
“The child is only five years old. What does she know? Mrs. Long, don’t fuss too much…” 
When the others heard this, they began trying to persuade her. 
Only then did Mrs. Long look at Cherry. “Alright, then let her kneel and apologize to me! Kneel to me as an apology!” 
Kneel and apologize… 
This was too humiliating. 
Although everyone felt that Mrs. Long was being a little too much, they still looked at Cherry. Someone advised, “Young lady, just kneel! Get down on your knees!” 
Cherry pursed her lips. “I’m not doing that!” 
She had never knelt for anyone before! 
Her grandparents could not bear to make her kneel and her mother protected her as well. As for the grandfather and great-grandmother she met when she returned to New York, they all wished they could treat her well. How could they make her kneel? 
Cherry said, “I didn’t do anything wrong. I didn’t steal her pancake!” 
“You didn’t steal it?” Mrs. Long sneered. “You’re still lying even now? If you didn’t steal my pancake then why is my pancake in your hand?” 
Cherry took another bite of scallion pancake. “You gave this to me!” 
Everyone was shocked and looked at Mrs. Long
However, Mrs. Long straightened her back and sneered. “I gave it to you? Then I accused you of stealing my family’s pancakes? You’re really funny. Do I have nothing better to do than bullying a child like you? I didn’t plan on fussing about you stealing one of my pancakes, but you’re even lying now. You’re hopeless!”
###Chapter 849
At seven o’clock in the morning, Mrs. Hunt woke Nora up. 
Had it been before, she would have lost her temper a long time ago-after all, she had always been extremely grumpy right after she woke up. Now, though, no matter how displeased she might be, when she saw how aged Mrs. Hunt looked and how she had become even less spirited than before, she could only get out of bed in silence. 
Then, under the supervision of Mrs. Hunt, she would go out for a run. 
Next to her, Mrs. Hunt said, “You can stop once you work up a sweat. If you don’t, then you have to continue running until it’s eight o’clock. Only then will you look more energetic. It’s obvious from how listless you look all the time that you are not exercising enough.” 
Nora let out a big yawn, her eyelids so heavy that she could hardly even lift them. 
Mrs. Hunt was still standing where she was and saying, “Can you open your eyes? Otherwise, how would you be able to intimidate and keep those people in the Hunt Corporation in check? They are all waiting to laugh at you today!” 
Nora yawned again. 
Mrs. Hunt felt even more distressed when she saw her yawning non-stop. She couldn’t help but say to Fanny, “Justin had always been self-disciplined. He went to bed at eleven every night and woke up at five to exercise. How on earth did he fall in love with a lazy woman like her?” 
Fanny sighed. “You talk about her so disdainfully, yet you are always encouraging her with your actions!” 
Mrs. Hunt said, “Of course I have to be encouraging towards her! Otherwise, what if she goes on strike? Even if it’s just for Pete, I have to inculcate in her a sense of belonging to the Hunts!”
Fanny did not speak. 
Mrs. Hunt then said, “I wonder if she will ever remarry, and if she does, will she be willing to be buried next to Justin after her death? Justin would be too lonely if he’s all alone… It’s all my fault. In the past, I had thought that just him being strong would be enough…” 
It was only when someone was no longer around that others would realize that it didn’t matter what they did, as long as they were still alive. 
Often, people only learned to cherish what they had after losing it. 
It was just like how parents often wanted their children to do well in school, but once something went wrong with their health, they would realize that their children’s health and happiness were what truly mattered the most in life. 
This was the same for Mrs. Hunt toward Justin. 
When Fanny heard what she said, she heaved another quiet sigh. 
Justin’s departure had dealt too great a blow to Mrs. Hunt, causing even a competitive woman like her to become much more laid-back. 
In the past, she would have demanded a lot of Nora, but now, she only had one requirement for her, and that was… to look more energetic and keep up appearances? 
Fanny shook her head and looked in front of her again. 
What entered her sight, though, was Nora jogging at a speed neither too fast nor too slow and in control of the rhythm. She had already been jogging for half an hour, though. A normal youngster would probably already be sweating profusely, yet she didn’t even break a sweat. 
“Alright, that’s enough.”
Half an hour later, at the sight of Nora’s pale visage, Mrs. Hunt stopped the training. In the end, she couldn’t bear to push her too hard after all, for fear that the sudden training load would be too much and end up burdening her. 
She said, “Just increase the duration bit by bit every day, doing so much in one go won’t work. Look at how pale you’ve become, your complexion is almost transparent! Do you feel dizzy? Let’s go back and have a bite! Your health is too poor!” 
Nora: “?” 
She had just been warming up! 
Was it already over? 
The old lady was too easy to please. 
As Nora thought so, she yawned again. 
Her complexion had become even paler because of her sleepiness, so the old lady fed her a lot of nourishing food for breakfast. She said, “You are too lazy. If you stay this lazy all the time, your body will become weak. Eat more and exercise more from now on, okay?” 
Nora: “…” 
After gobbling down the food, Nora got up to go to the office. 
She had only just stepped out of the house when Mrs. Hunt suddenly got up. 
“Where are you going?” Fanny asked.
Mrs. Hunt cast her eyes down and said, “To the office. Today is the last day of the three-day period she mentioned. Outsiders aren’t the only ones paying attention; some of the old-timers in the Hunt Corporation are paying even more attention than them. So, I’m going there to support her!” 
Mrs. Hunt knew very well that the people currently in the company were all either capable or loyal to Justin. 
However, it was exactly these people who would make things difficult for Nora. 
Of course, Mrs. Hunt would never be bewitched or blinded by the rumors and gossip outside. She knew very well that the Hunt Corporation and the Smith Corporation had always been in a win-win situation. 
Only with competition between the two would there be pressure on the companies to grow. This was also the foundation that both companies needed in order to survive and continue being leaders in business. 
This was a kind of commercial balance. If one established a monopoly, then they easily became arrogant, leading to them becoming blinded and missing the forest for the trees. If that happened, it would instead put the enterprise at an even bigger risk. 
Fanny said, “Alright.” 
At the Smiths. 
Joel got up early in the morning and went downstairs. Tanya asked, “Why are you setting off so early today?” 
Joel replied, “The market opens at nine o’clock. Once it opens, gold prices will also become set. I suspect that the Hunts will make use of this to make things difficult for Nora, so I’m going over to back her up.”
Upon hearing this, Tanya immediately took Joel’s arm and said, “I’ll go with you! Let’s support Nora together!” Joel nodded. “Yeah.” 
— 
At the Andersons’. 
Simon was counting his savings. Melissa sighed. “Mrs. Hunt could produce 80 million dollars so easily, and so could the Smiths. Once upon a time, our family was also considered well-off, so why are we so poor compared to them?” 
Simon also sighed. “Yeah, I know, right?” 
While the two of them were grousing, Logan entered the room and took out a check. “This is a check for 30 million dollars. Why don’t you pass this to her?” 
As soon as he said that, Simon and Melissa both looked at him. “Logan, did you go racing again?” 
When Logan suffered his leg injury previously, many doctors had said that it would be very tough for it to heal completely. However, Nora had cured him subsequently, so he’d continued his most beloved career. 
Logan was now America’s top car racer in standard car racing! 
In spite of that, Logan was still working hard to improve his skills. Whenever someone asked him about it, he would always say, “… Compared to her, I’m still too far behind!” 
Logan nodded. “I wonder if this is enough.” 
Simon said, “With our money added, it should be enough to make up for the losses this time. Surely she won’t incur a loss of 65 million dollars, right? Melissa, what’s on your mind?” 
Melissa replied, “I suddenly feel like we may not really need to send her the money.”
Simon was taken aback. “Why?” 
Since Melissa married him, she had always given her all for the family. Had she suddenly become selfish? 
However, Simon was understanding about that too. Life hadn’t been easy for his wife all these years. 
As soon as the thought formed in his mind, Melissa said, “I suddenly thought of the last time Nora invested in stocks for me. It was also a constant loss in the beginning, but in the end, I made money.” 
As soon as she said that, Simon chuckled and said, “You were investing in stocks then, it’s different this time. Gold prices have been falling for two consecutive months, it is impossible that they would rise all at once…”
###Chapter 850
There was silence in the laboratory. 
A few moments later, Oscar coughed. “What did you say? How can you be Anti? You’re Lisa! Oh I know, what you mean is that you and Anti are not only from the same country but also from the same School of Medicine, so you and she are similar, right?” 
Nora: “…” 
Before she could speak, the others had already opened their mouths. 
“That must be the case. If she really was Anti, why would she come over as an exchange student here?” 
“Heh, you are so unappreciative. Professor Epson gave you such a great opportunity, yet you don’t know how to cherish it? Is it because you think Anti is great? Then why don’t you work on a project under her instead? Besides, can she even complete the project?” 
Upon hearing this, Nora replied, “Because there’s no way this project can be completed.” 
Everyone retorted angrily at once. 
“How is it impossible? We’re almost done!” 
“There are no borders in academics. You should be looking at which professor is better rather than blindly working behind closed doors!” 
“Professor Epson, she is so ungrateful, I think you’d better kick her out!” 
As Epson listened to everyone around him, he looked at Nora again and sneered, “No, I must keep her here.” 
Everyone: “?”
Epson said to Nora, “You think Anti is great, right? Then I will show you that I am better than her! I will also let you verify with your own eyes whether this project will be successfully completed or not. I will show that Anti is nothing! In terms of scientific research, we here at Staav University are the best. Alright, don’t stand around here to talk. Split up and get to work!” 
One by one, the rest of the students left the area around Epson. All of them curled their lips disdainfully at Nora and some even gave her the finger to express their contempt. 
Oscar also quietly tugged at Nora’s sleeve. “Even if you like Professor Anti, don’t speak up for her anymore, okay?” 
Nora: “…” 
This was just so… She couldn’t even leave despite wanting to. 
She asked, “Is there anything that needs to be checked at the archive?” 
She was still thinking about going to the archives to look for File No. 004. 
Someone replied, “Yeah, there is. I need you to go to the archives to look up File No. 102…” 
But before he could finish, Epson sneered and said, “No, no, she doesn’t have to do anything. She just needs to witness our success.” 
As soon as Epson said this, no one dared to assign her work anymore. 
The undergraduate who should have been worked to the bone had now become an idler. 
Nora fell silent for a while. Then, she simply sat in the rest area at the side. 
Just like that, she watched as Oscar busied herself here and there. Under their directions, she printed documents and did things that would never come within a mile of core content.
Soon, it was noon. 
At the request of the professor, Oscar went out to buy lunch, but when she brought it back she found that there wasn’t any for Nora. 
Oscar was very apologetic. “I didn’t know that there was one portion fewer. They refuse to give you one…” 
Nora wasn’t bothered. “Then I’ll just go out and eat by myself!” 
She stood up. When she was about to go out, Epson sneered, “You have to be back by 1 PM! Otherwise, I won’t give you any credits at 
all.” 
Nora ignored him and went out. 
She wasn’t really an exchange student, so she had no need for credits. 
After having lunch at the cafeteria, she was about to go back to the lab when she ran into Jack again. At the sight of her, Jack stepped forward and said with a smile, “Lisa! What a coincidence! We meet again!” 
Nora had half a smile on her face. “Yeah, what a coincidence indeed.” 
Jack scratched his head. “Actually, it’s not really a coincidence. I was waiting for you. I circled the cafeteria five times before I finally saw you.” 
Nora: “?” 
He sure was direct…
She lowered her eyes and asked, “Why were you waiting for me?” 
Jack said, “I heard that there’s a serial killer in the school, so I thought I would protect you. Don’t be scared, I can take you home.” 
II 
Nora raised her eyebrows, not expecting such an answer. 
“How did you know about the serial killer?” She asked. 
Jack laughed. “It’s all over the school. Several SWAT cars have entered our campus and there are SWAT officers patrolling all the entrances and exits now.” 
SWAT officers? 
Did that mean that Brenda was also here? 
While she was thinking about it, her cell phone rang. When she lowered her head and answered, she found that it was Solo. 
“Hey Anti, I’m at the gates of the school but the management is too strict. They don’t allow anyone without a student ID to enter. Why’s that? Isn’t the Staav University campus free to enter?” 
“…I’ll pick you up at the gates.” 
“Nah, you don’t have to.” Solo sighed and said, “Just come to the SWAT team’s temporary detention room on campus.” Nora: “?”
“Oh, they didn’t let me in just now even when I insisted on it, so I stole someone’s student ID. They found out about it, so I’ve been brought in.” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed and she suddenly raised her eyebrows. “Well, okay, I’ll come right over.” 
She hung up the phone and walked over to the detention room leisurely. 
Outside the detention room. 
Brenda sneered at her subordinate and said, “Let’s go, I want to see who has the balls to talk so big and say that he’ll make sure we can’t use our network if we don’t let him go. 
Ha!”
###Chapter 851
When Nora walked over, she happened to hear Brenda, so all the more she wasn’t in a hurry anymore. She even walked over two steps slower, stood outside the door, and peeked inside. 
Brenda pushed the door open and entered. Her cold expression froze when she saw Solo. 
Solo was ranting at the other SWAT officers. 
“… I told you, I’m here to look for someone. How can you arrest me so indiscriminately? Hurry up and let me go! If you don’t, I won’t let you guys off!” 
But when he saw Brenda, Solo’s expression instantly changed. 
He was so fierce just now, but he suddenly became cautious in an instant. 
“Brenny?” 
Nora, who was standing outside the door, suddenly felt a wave of disgust. 
Brenny? 
What a mushy nickname. 
The SWAT officers were also stunned. They looked at Solo and then at Brenda. Finally, they asked, “Do you know each other?” “Yes!” 
“No!” 
Solo and Brenda answered at the same time. 
Aaron, the SWAT officer, became even more confused. “Captain Brenda, do you know him or not?” 
“No.”
“Yes.” 
Solo and Brenda answered at the same time again, except that they had switched answers this time. 
Solo thought that perhaps Brenda didn’t want to admit in public that he was her boyfriend, so he changed his stance. 
But Brenda knew that if she denied knowing him, it would be very difficult for Solo to get out. When the two simultaneously switched stances, Aaron looked at them again in confusion. Suddenly, realization dawned upon him. “Oh, I get it!” 
He looked at Solo. “Boyfriend?”. 
Solo nodded immediately. Just as he was about to say yes, Brenda straight-up denied it. “No.” 
With a cold look, she added, “But I know who he is. He’s not Barbarian, you can release him!” 
Aaron nodded. “Okay.” 
After Solo was released, Brenda turned around and walked out. 
Solo followed after her and asked, “Brenny, you admitted to knowing me just now. Is it because you were worried that I would be detained? I still have a place in your heart, right?” 
Brenda took a deep breath, turned around, and said word by word: “Listen, I would have said the same thing even if it was someone else. Because this is my job. I want to rule all the suspicious people out.” 
Her words stunned Solo, and a somewhat lonely expression came over his face. “But I’m not just anyone. Didn’t you say that you like me? And that you also like being with me? You even told me to listen to you and do as you say…”
Brenda lowered her eyes, which seemed somewhat chilly. Her lips slowly curled into a sneer and she said, “If you are really willing to do as I say, then you should leave immediately and never appear before me ever 
again!” 
“But why?” Solo, who didn’t understand, pressed further. 
“I told you,” Brenda said word by word, “I’m tired of you.” 
Solo stepped in front of her and blocked her way. “Brenny, I don’t believe what you say at all, you’re not someone like that! It was obviously your first time when you were with me…” 
“My first time? You must be dreaming. Heh, I’ve already fooled around with at least ninety men-maybe even a hundred-and you are nothing among them. So, don’t pester me anymore!” 
After Brenda said that, she took out a blank check. “Or is it money that you want? How much do you want? I can give it to you.” 
Solo stood where he was, terribly aggrieved. “I’m not doing it for money…” 
“Then forget it.” 
Brenda kept the check back in her pocket. Then, with both hands on the holster at her waist, she strode away. 
Brenda had put on the Swiss police uniform for work today. The uniform made her legs look long and her waist thin and slender, she looked cool and alpha in it. The moment she walked out, she attracted the gazes of everyone around her.
Aaron, who was outside, hurriedly followed her when he saw her coming out. 
Solo came after her the moment she left the room but before he could catch up with her, he saw Brenda suddenly put an arm around Aaron’s shoulder. She said with a low giggle, “Hey handsome, come to my room tonight. Let’s exchange tips on how to catch criminals!” 
Her voice was charming and extraordinarily seductive when she said it. 
It was just like that time when she had knocked on Solo’s door and stood outside looking at him. 
Solo froze. 
Seeing Brenda’s behavior, Aaron immediately smiled and put his arm around her waist. “Sure thing, Captain Brenda. I have long wanted to have an in-depth exchange with 
you.” 
The two went farther and farther and even flirted with each other. 
Solo stared at them, unable to speak for the longest time. 
After Brenda and Aaron turned a corner, the two suddenly stopped and separated from each other at the same time. Brenda said, “Thanks.” 
Aaron grinned. “No problem, Captain Brenda. After working together for so many years, we do have some tacit understanding between us. Was that your boyfriend?”. 
Brenda’s expression turned sad but her eyes were still cold. “Not anymore.” 
Aaron wanted to ask further, but Brenda said, “These are not things you should be asking about.” 
Aaron immediately made a gesture of zipping his mouth, indicating that he wouldn’t say any more.
Only then did Brenda begin to give instructions. 
“All the labs must be emptied tonight, no one is to stay for experiments. This is to prevent Barbarian from killing anyone at night. Everyone he attacked is involved with biomedicine, so we must focus on protecting those people.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Aaron straightened his back, answered affirmatively, and left. 
After he left, Brenda let out a deep breath. At this moment, Nora suddenly appeared beside her. She fixedly looked at Brenda and asked, “What on earth is going on between you and Solo?” 
Brenda pressed her lips together tightly at the question. 
She was about to speak when Nora interrupted her. “I saw everything you and Aaron did just now, Brenda. Don’t use lame excuses to dismiss me again.” 
Brenda paused. 
She looked at Nora. Her eyes suddenly reddened and she chuckled softly. In a soft whisper, she said, “Nora… I’d always thought that the world was very big, but why is it actually so small?” 
Upon hearing her emotional sigh, Nora held her shoulders and asked, “What on earth happened?”
###Chapter 852
Brenda narrowed her eyes. “Don’t ask anymore, Nora. I just can’t be with him. Solo found his way here because you gave him the address, right? Don’t do that again.” 
After she said that in a low voice, she raised her head again and went back to her usual calm and lazy self. “After all, with him around, I won’t be able to go to other handsome guys anymore! Right?” Seeing how Brenda looked like she didn’t want to say anything, Nora knew that she had probably done something wrong this time. 
Perhaps she shouldn’t have told Solo where Brenda was but she had always felt that a lot of issues between people were only caused by misunderstandings. 
It was just like Tanya and Joel back then. There had been so many misunderstandings between the two of them. If they didn’t meet or contact each other, how were they ever going to resolve the misunderstandings between them? 
That was why she wanted to let Solo and Brenda meet and talk things out. 
But judging from Brenda’s behavior just now, it seemed that she had no intentions of explaining anything at all? 
Nora paused for a moment before she slowly said, “Brenda, I think it’d be best if there aren’t any misunderstandings between you two. Those corny TV dramas and novels are too exaggerated. We’re all adults here. Moreover, times are moving so fast these days. If there really is some kind of misunderstanding, then it would do everyone good to explain everything clearly.” 
Brenda lowered her eyes. “There is no misunderstanding between him and I. Nora, I know very well what I am doing.” 
Seeing that she was still unwilling to reveal more, Nora nodded. “Okay, I won’t interfere with you guys.”
“Thanks.” 
Brenda and Nora were both straightforward people. After the two talked it out, Brenda said, “I just want to catch Barbarian now. As for Solo, I’ll leave him to you.” 
“Yeah, okay.” 
Brenda left after saying that. 
Nora remained where she was and looked at her from the back. 
Brenda was very professional. After she went into the distance, she picked up the walkie-talkie and started to contact the people stationed in every direction. They were required to report every ten minutes to prevent Barbarian from breaking through from any direction. 
As for Nora, she went back where she came from and turned the corner to see Solo standing there blankly. 
When Nora first met Solo, he had been seriously injured. His lungs had been punctured and he looked like he wouldn’t survive. The guy had only survived because Nora had operated on him. 
was 
Even when he was seriously injured, the man was never serious. After owing her a favor, every time he had to do something for her, he had always done so very reluctantly. 
This was the first time Nora had ever seen him look so lost and dejected. 
She walked over and asked, “Are you going back?” 
“No.” Solo shook his head. “I don’t believe she would do something like this. I want to stay and find out why she’s doing this. It wasn’t easy for me to finally fall for a woman after all this time. I can’t just give up
like that!” 
Nora kept quiet for a moment but did not dissuade him. 
Solo then looked at her again. “So, can you find me a place to stay?” 
Nora: “?” 
Was he gonna cling to her now? 
She replied, “It’s not like you don’t have any money. Go and get a hotel room for yourself.” 
“I can’t stay at a hotel.” Solo followed behind her and said pitifully, “Didn’t I tell you? I broke the law.” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed a little. When she recalled how Solo had told her upon his arrival in America that Interpol was after him in Switzerland. She asked, “What did you do?” 
Solo scratched his head. “It’s actually nothing serious. All I did was compete with a white hat and hack into his computer. After that, those petty guys started to come after me.” A white hat referred to a hacker who served the government. 
Solo had always been flamboyant in his way of doing things, so Nora didn’t find it strange that he would do something like that. The corners of her lips spasmed a little and she sighed. “Fine.” 
Corne 
Nora took him to a hotel, booked a room for Solo with her fake ID, and paid for a five-day stay. 
“Five days later, if you still haven’t gotten everything settled, you’ll have to find someplace to stay by yourself,” said a heartless Nora.
Solo: “…” 
Seeing that Nora was leaving, Solo grabbed her. “What kind of mission is Brenny on here? Isn’t she just a nobody policewoman? Why did she come to Switzerland?” 
“… To arrest a serial killer.” 
Solo’s expression changed. “Isn’t that very dangerous?” 
as 
Solo had been studying computers all this time, so he was cooped up indoors all year round. Although he was pretty tall, he was skinny and barely had any flesh on him. Nora glanced at his body disdainfully, not sure why Brenda had fallen in love with him. 
He wouldn’t even last a punch from her or Brenda. 
Solo said anxiously, “Then I’m going to protect her tonight!” 
Nora curled her lips disdainfully. “You? Forget about it. If you go, she’ll be in even more danger.” 
Because she would have to protect him! 
Solo: “…” 
Solo’s lip corners spasmed and he said nothing 
Nora didn’t bother with Solo anymore and left the hotel. He was already nearly thirty years old, surely he could take care of himself, right? 
Nora kept walking around the campus.
To be honest, she could also just charge into the archives and look for File No. 004. However, with Barbarian nearby, she shouldn’t do that. If she did, then she would be outright telling him that the V16 was in the archives. 
She couldn’t beat Barbarian in a fight, so she mustn’t let him take the lead. 
She could only outsmart him and use a reasonable excuse to check out File No. 004. It seemed that she could only approach it using Wayne’s project. 
When she thought of this, Nora started walking towards the laboratory building. 
As soon as she entered, she heard quarreling coming from ahead. 
Originally, she wasn’t intending to pay attention to it, but in the midst of the quarrel, she heard Brenda’s voice. She turned around and walked over only to find Epson and Brenda arguing. 
Brenda was dressed in professional attire and looked very smart. She had one hand on her hip and the other raised as she checked the time. “You must leave this place by five o’clock at the latest.” 
Epson replied angrily, “I’m not going to leave! My experimental project is about to be completed! You must be doing this because of Anti, right? You don’t want me to finish my experiments quickly, for fear that it’ll slap her in the face? Heh, Officer Hunt, you are just a police officer! We have all the permissions to work on our experiments here! You have no right to interfere with my freedom!”
###Chapter 853
Behind Brenda was Aaron. When he heard Epson, he said, “It’s for your own good that we’re telling you guys to leave. Nighttime is the peak period for murders. Also, this particular serial has a strange pattern. Once he starts, he kills a person a day until he has killed enough. His targets this time are people involved in biomedicine, like you. You guys are our key protection targets!” 
Epson sneered. “That’s a nice way of saying it, but why do we have to stop while the lab next door doesn’t?” 
Aaron was simply rendered speechless. “I told you, his targets are people involved in biomedicine, especially professors specializing in genetics. The professor next door is not involved with biomedicine, so he will be fine, of course!” 
However, Epson didn’t believe him. “The way I see it, all these murderers and whatnot are all things that you guys made up, right? I haven’t heard of anyone who has died. Besides, everything was very normal in school today. Captain Brenda, I just insulted Anti, that’s all, isn’t it? I know that you and Anti are both Americans and that she may even be your relative, so you don’t want me to continue with my project. Ha, do you think I won’t know what your ive is?” 
Brenda: “?” 
She was dumbfounded. “What ive do I have? How come I don’t know anything about it?” 
Epson said, “I’ve already asked my friends in America. Professor Anti has been conducting experimental research recently and her research is on genetics. She also hasn’t shown herself for several days. Heh, did she hear about my progress? Is that why she’s burying herself into her research and trying to finish her project ahead of me? As for you? You made up a story about some murderer to disturb me and delay my progress. I’m not stupid, I’ve already seen through your ploy!” 
Brenda: “!”
Nora, who just came over: “” 
No matter what, she had to provide an explanation as to why she had suddenly disappeared in America. Thus, she had told Lily to say that she was conducting research, and therefore, not seeing guests. She didn’t expect Epson to spin such a story in his head, though! 
To be honest, before she came to Staav University, she didn’t even know who Epson was. 
The corners of her lips spasmed. Being seen as an imaginary enemy or whatnot was really irritating. 
Brenda replied, “My sister-in-law isn’t conducting any research. You’ve misheard.” 
“Sister-in-law? Heh, I see, so you and Anti have ties like that! No wonder you’re doing so much for her. Do you think I’d believe she isn’t doing any research just because you say so? In any case, my lab mustn’t halt progress tonight!” 
Epson simply refused to listen. Brenda took a deep breath. “I am in charge of campus security now, so everyone should comply with my arrangements! If you refuse to obey orders, don’t blame me for taking action against you!” 
“And how are you going to do that?” 
Epson sneered, “Keep that for the scaredy-cats, I won’t be fooled. In any case, you don’t have to say any more. My lab will not halt progress tonight!” 
After he spoke, he looked at the students. “Whoever wants to leave early, feel free to do so! I won’t stop you!” 
As soon as he said that, the students looked at the police, and then at Epson. Then, one by one, they stood beside him.
“I’m not leaving, Professor.” 
“Neither am I. I want to quickly finish this for the professor. We are only one step away from success!” 
“Yeah, we’ve already worked overtime for half a month. After working so hard for so long, we are just left with two days of work. How can we give up now? We must continue the experiments!” 
“We have the freedom to do what we want! You have no right to interfere!” 
“Yes, that’s right! If the police force us to comply with orders and prevent us from conducting our experiments, then I will report you to your superiors!” 
She looked at the ignorant people in front of her, so mad that she was about to pop a vein or two. 
Brenda: “!!” 
She looked at the ignorant people in front of her, so mad that she was about to pop a vein or two. 
In the end, she looked at Epson, sneered, and said, “Fine, you can stay if you want but please sign this waiver of liability for not obeying our instructions. Otherwise, I have to take full responsibility for any accidents!” 
She couldn’t be bothered if some people wanted to court death. 
She was a member of Interpol. She was only responsible for arresting Barbarian. 
She wasn’t going to pay any more attention to these idiots. 
Brenda had never claimed to be a messiah. After solving so many global cases over the years, she’d already seen through a lot of mundane things in life.
Upon hearing what she said, Epson sneered. “Do you think we will be fooled if you use such things to scare us? There are so many professors of biomedicine, I’m just a nobody among them. Even if the murderer or whatever really exists, they won’t target me. Besides, you guys are the ones who keep bringing up the serial killer, we have never seen him before. What’s the big deal about signing the agreement? I’ll sign it for you! I will take responsibility for my own life!” 
After speaking, Epson stepped forward and signed the disclaimer that Brenda handed over. 
Brenda then looked at the students. “You must also take responsibility for their lives!” 
Epson scoffed. “Of course!” 
“Okay.” 
Brenda took back the papers. Out of professional courtesy, she reminded him once more, “We will be patrolling nearby. At any time, if you see anyone suspicious, make sure to yell. We will come over right away.” 
Epson’s response, however, was: “Don’t worry, we won’t give you the opportunity to enter the lab to search for anything! You can forget about stealing the results of my experiments for Anti!” 
Brenda: “”
###Chapter 854
Brenda felt that there was something wrong with the man’s brain, but she was accustomed to people demanding freedom of action and had already learned ways to deal with it. 
After bringing her men out of the laboratory, Brenda said to Aaron, “Get a few more people to patrol the laboratory building tonight!” 
Out of the professional ethics of an international special forces officer, she ultimately still had her moral responsibilities. 
Aaron nodded. “Roger that, Captain Brenda.” 
After the two spoke, Brenda left and went someplace else to make more arrangements. 
In the laboratory building. 
After Brenda left, Epson looked at the rest of the group. “Alright, let’s continue work, guys!” 
After speaking, he suddenly asked, “Lisa, where are you going?” 
Nora, who had turned around and was about to leave: “?” 
She looked back and raised her eyebrows. “Home.” 
She had three hungry babies to feed at home! There was no way she would stay here and work overtime with them. 
Besides, if Barbarian was going to show up tonight, then it would be the safest to leave this place, both for herself and for everyone else in the school. 
However, Epson got mad. “Did I say you can go? You are also a member of the lab, how can you just leave without the consent of your supervisor?”
Nora stood still and asked, “Oh, can I go then?” 
Epson: “?” 
He was about to refuse when Nora said, “You said it yourself just now-everyone is free to choose whether they want to stay or not. Some people choose to trust you, others choose to trust the police. I also have the right and freedom to choose to go home now, right?” 
Her argument shut Epson up. 
Nora then looked at Oscar and said, “The SWAT would never make trouble unreasonably. Since she can get the school to give her the authority, that means she is no ordinary person. Why are you people so reluctant to trust them? What are you going to do if you really meet with danger?”. 
Her words made Oscar waver. She looked at Epson and said, “Professor, I…” 
Before she could even finish, Epson became even more furious. “What? Do you believe her nonsense too? If you do, then you can also go with her!” 
Oscar heaved a sigh of relief. “Then I’ll go for now. I’ll come over early in the morning tomorrow to bring breakfast for you and the seniors…” 
But right after, Epson sneered and said, “Your seniors are all working overtime while the two of you are just here to share the fruits of their labor, yet you can’t even do something like staying up late? In that case, what do I need you for in my lab? You guys can leave, but once you do, you will be seen as having withdrawn from my experiment.” 
This made Oscar stop. 
She looked at Nora with a wry smile. “Lisa, the professor is indeed giving us credit by having us here. It doesn’t seem appropriate to leave at this time…”
Oscar would never miss any opportunity to climb the ladder and boost her résumé. 
Nora was very calm, though. “Yeah, okay. Since that’s the case, then I withdraw.” 
Her understatement-like reaction angered Epson. 
Epson looked at her, finding the girl a total ingrate. He was giving her such a wonderful project for free, yet she didn’t even want it. Was it because she thought Anti was better than him? 
Epson was livid. He pointed at her and snapped, “Fine, fine. If you want to withdraw, then go ahead! To think I originally wanted to give you a chance. I hope you won’t regret this two days later!” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. She looked at the rest of the students in the lab and spoke up for Brenda again. “Compared to our lives, no form of glory is worth mentioning.” 
After saying that, she turned and left. 
Her remark caused unrest among the students. 
Someone a little more timid couldn’t help but say, “Professor Epson, why don’t we listen to the police? To be honest, even if the results are delayed by two days, Anti should not be able to make it ahead of us…” 
“Yeah, Professor, we…” 
However, Epson only looked at them as though he had expected better from them. “All of you are too naive. Do you know how scheming Anti is? She has not shown up in America for several days. This shows that she is putting everything she has into her research right now! She must know that we are mocking her, so she is working overtime. We are fighting a battle against time right now! Whoever successfully develops it first will win!”
Everyone looked at one another. 
Finally, someone couldn’t help but raise their doubts. “Anti just didn’t show herself, that’s all. Hasn’t she always been mysterious? No one could find her. Maybe she’s just sleeping…” 
Lily had once publicly stated that Anti didn’t have that much time because she needed to sleep twelve to sixteen hours a day. Thus, she really didn’t have time to do anything else. 
Epson sighed. “Do you actually believe that?” 
The person continued to retort. “But what if Anti is not researching this topic at all?” 
Epson sneered and puffed out his chest confidently. “How can that be? Although I, Epson, am a nobody at Staav University, I am still a little famous internationally. She definitely knows me and pays attention to me! She also sees me as her rival! She is undoubtedly anxious and competing with me for time right now! Just you wait! Once we finish the project one step ahead of her, she will definitely jump out and say, ‘Oh, I am also working on this project, I’m just not as fast as you guys.” 
Epson curled his lips disdainfully. “She sure is arrogant!” 
Now that Epson had put it that way, everyone believed him. They all took it seriously and said, “Then we have to be one step ahead of Anti! Let’s work overtime! Professor, we are ready! We’ll do this for the sake of your honor!” 
“Okay, I’m counting on you guys!” 
Epson frowned and then said loudly, “It’s not just for my sake but also for the honor of Staav University! I thank everyone in advance!” 
Even he was awfully moved by himself.
This time, he would definitely be able to suppress Anti! He would make that arrogant woman bow down before him. 
As for that murderer or whatever, heh, there’s no way he would come to him… right?
###Chapter 855
Nora, who had been set as an imaginary enemy, didn’t give two hoots about whether Epson’s experimental project was successful or not. When she returned home, she found the house pretty lively. 
When she pushed open the door and entered, she saw an uninvited guest-Rene. 
Rene still looked as timid as ever and her head was lowered. 
However, she had taken a bath, so her hair was a lot smoother. There wasn’t a bad smell on her anymore either. Although her clothes were plain-and even had patches in some places—they were clean. 
Cherry was offering her snacks to her. “Rene, try it! Don’t be afraid! It’s delicious!” 
Rene was so frightened that she pushed the snack back to her. “N-no, it’s okay. I don’t eat them…” 
“Have some! It’s fine, I can’t finish so many snacks anyway, yeah!” 
Cherry’s large eyes blinked, she smiled and said again. 
Rene shook her hands again. 
Cherry didn’t press any further. The moment she took away the snacks, Nora saw Rene breathe a sigh of relief-obviously, she was scared of socializing. 
But since she was so afraid of socializing, why was she here? 
While she was thinking about it, when Rene saw her enter, she was so shocked that she immediately stood up. “M-M-Ms. Smith.” 
“… I’m not M-M-Ms. Smith. My name is Lisa.” 
Rene was stunned for a moment.
Nora’s voice was still as low as ever as she said, “Well, just kidding. You don’t have to call me Ms. Smith, you can just call me Lisa.” 
A touch of gentleness flashed across Rene’s eyes when she sensed her kindness. 
People who lived in a world filled with malice would be grateful for every little bit of kindness that others showed them. That was exactly how Rene looked at the moment, grateful. 
She lowered her head and whispered, “I… I’m here to thank you.” 
“For?” 
While asking, Nora looked at Xander. 
There were still two months left, so Xander was in very stable condition at the moment. 
Rene continued to speak softly. “Liam got promoted because you helped him, right? Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” Nora looked at her: “I was the one who dragged him into it, so of course I had to do something.” 
Rene breathed a sigh of relief again. 
Then, she pointed to the cake on the table and said, “I-I made that myself. Y-you and the children can try it.” 
The three little fellows would never touch things their neighbors gave them until she got home. Nora was very satisfied with their manners. 
She nodded. “Thank you.”
Rene became self-conscious again, though, she also felt relieved having completed her task. “T-then I’ll go first.” 
Nora waited until she left before she walked to the door and looked out. Sure enough, she saw Liam waiting for Rene outside. 
Rene’s eyes lit up when she saw him. She walked over and took his arm. She looked very clingy. When she whispered something, Liam nodded. 
Obviously, Rene had taken the initiative to visit them because of Liam’s instructions. 
Was he trying to please her because he knew that Nora was a high-level executive at NTT? 
Nora did not feel much about it, though. After all, this was human nature. 
– 
Soon, night fell. 
At Staav University’s laboratory building. 
Epson was actually very scared. After all, everyone else in the building had obediently halted their experiments and gone back. 
If there really was a murderer, there would be no one to kill except them. Thus, even though he was very sleepy, he still kept his spirits high and kept an eye outside. 
Slowly, bit by bit, the clock moved from nine o’clock to five in the morning. 
Seeing that the sky was gradually brightening, Epson slowly relaxed. He even walked over to the students and said jokingly, “See? A whole night has passed, there are no murderers at all! Those people
were just trying to scare us. It’s fortunate that we didn’t leave and end up wasting this precious night. I’m going to complain to the university president tomorrow! And tell him that those SWAT officers are simply running too wild in the school, which has seriously affected our lives and work progress!”
###Chapter 856
Everyone laughed when Epson said that. 
It gradually became bright outside. One by one, the Staav University professors reported for work. Students also gradually woke up in the dormitories and went for their classes. 
Everyone had believed Brenda when she said with absolute conviction that Barbarian would definitely take action-after all, Interpol had extraordinary status. 
Regardless, Epson still went to the university president’s office and told him that the serial murderers or whatnot didn’t exist at all. He even pointed out something angrily and said, “Professor Mayer was probably killed at home by people seeking revenge on him, but that group of people are not only clinging onto this but even carrying this over to a serial killer hypothesis. This is just the police’s excuse for their incompetence! There are so many projects to be done at Staav University, are we really going to follow their instructions and leave work on time every day? This is ridiculous!” 
Upon hearing Epson, the other professors and students rushing their work also approached the president to lodge their complaints. 
“Our projects cannot afford any more delays! Since nothing went wrong in Professor Epson’s lab last night, this means it’s okay for us to work after hours too.” 
“Yeah, we can’t halt our progress just because of a murderer who may not even exist.” 
“If our progress is affected, it will also affect Staav University.” 
The president couldn’t hold up under the pressure of so many people, so he went to Brenda. 
“Captain Brenda, I know you guys are from Interpol, but nothing has happened at all last night. The murder pattern of that serial killer ‘Barbarian’ you mentioned, is that once he starts killing, he must kill
one person every day before he’ll stop, but no one died last night. The professors and students have begun to raise ions and they are complaining that your regulatory measures are too strict!” 
Brenda, who was dressed in a military uniform, straightened her back. She looked at the president and slowly asked, “Are you sure there is nothing wrong with all the professors?” 
“Yes, I’m sure!” 
The president sighed. “Although we are morally obligated to cooperate with you, nothing of the sort that you mentioned happened yesterday, so I think you must be mistaken. It’s impossible that Barbarian would be in the school. Alternatively, maybe the screening was done well yesterday, so he didn’t have a chance to enter the school at all. I’m afraid we can’t cooperate with you anymore.” 
Brenda explained nervously, “Sir, yesterday’s situation was indeed unexpected and non-conforming to Barbarian’s killing pattern, but trust me, I have been tracking him for three years now. There’s no way I would be wrong. He must be the one who killed that professor on the first day! He’s definitely here in Staav University!” 
The principal replied, “I believed you when you told me this yesterday. When I asked you if you had any evidence, you told me that you were basing this on intuition. But Captain Brenda, there are times when one’s intuition can go wrong. Do you have any actual evidence? For example, traces of himself that Barbarian leaves behind after he kills someone?” 
A stern-faced Brenda explained, “He has always been cautious and doesn’t leave anything but a poker card behind after he murders someone. When Professor Mayer died, there was a poker card in his home.”
The president sighed. “But what if the murderer deliberately did that to mislead you? So that you’ll suspect it’s Barbarian? The school carries out and researches hundreds of projects every year and many of them are pressed for time. They really can’t afford to be delayed! Captain Brenda, do you think…” 
Brenda’s expression tensed up and she said, “Sir, do you know who Barbarian is? He has gone on five killing sprees during the past three years, and each time, he killed five people in a row before he stopped. Some of them might have been bad eggs, but some of them were also innocent citizens! In order to kill someone, Barbarian once placed a bomb and killed an entire bus full of people with him! He has no concept of life at all. It’s most dangerous when there are many students in the school. I don’t think you would want murders to take place, either, right?! Once Barbarian shows up, if there are too many people around, there will be countless casualties. Are you sure you really don’t care?” 
Brenda’s words made the president’s jaw tense up. After a while, he sighed and said, “Fine, you’ve convinced me again. But if the situation still differs from what you say after tonight, then we may not be able to cooperate with you anymore.” 
Brenda nodded. “No problem.” 
When she came out, Aaron came forward at once. He said, “Captain Brenda, what on earth is up with Barbarian? He didn’t do anything last night? The professors and students are all calling us good-for- nothings now and some are even telling our men stationed at their positions what to do! Our guys are all feeling really awful!” 
Aaron gritted his teeth in fury and added, “That guy named Epson is especially bad. He brought his students with him and openly called us incompetent.”
###Chapter 857
When Brenda heard this, a sharp look came into her eyes and she lowered her gaze. She said, “Tell our guys not to listen to them. They are just a bunch of ignorant and pedantic students!” 
Aaron nodded. But right after, he heaved a deep sigh. “Everyone understands that, it’s just that we are also anxious. Did we really make an error in judgment this time? Is Barbarian not here?” 
“He’s here.” 
Brenda was very sure. 
Firstly, the way Professor Mayer was killed completely matched Barbarian’s modus operandi. Secondly, Caleb was here. Additionally, he also clearly stated that Trueman had only sent him here to look for leads after he got to know of Barbarian’s whereabouts. 
Therefore, Barbarian must be in Staav University 
But why was it that they simply couldn’t find him? 
Aaron couldn’t help but say, “We kept everyone unrelated to the school out of campus yesterday. Was he unable to get in? That’s why he didn’t take any action?” 
The professors all had their own living quarters in the staff dormitories, so none of them had gone home the day before. All of them had stayed in the dormitories. 
Therefore, the whole school was currently sealed off. 
Had Barbarian really been unable to get in as a result? 
Brenda found it unlikely, though.
For Barbarian to walk away unscathed every time after he killed so many people, what he relied on was precisely his strong fighting abilities. A door wouldn’t be able to shut him out. 
Brenda couldn’t help looking at Aaron once more. “Get someone to verify once more whether all the professors came for work normally today.” 
Aaron nodded. “I have already contacted Peter, the director cooperating with our investigation of the professors and students this whole time, just now. He has confirmed that all professors have reported for classes and also that there are no students or professors absent from classes so far.” 
Brenda frowned. She was very puzzled. While she was thinking, a few people, who looked like students, passed by her. When they saw her, they pointed at her and said, “You see that woman there? That’s the woman. She’s from Interpol. She must be why the police are so incompetent this time! First of all, women can’t compare to men because they tend to become emotional in their way of handling things. Just now, I heard that she determined that we’re facing a serial murderer because of her intuition? What kind of times are we living in? Does anyone solve cases with their intuition? 
“Also, she said yesterday that someone would definitely be killed last night, so a lot of policemen were dispatched to handle the situation. But not only was there no news of anyone being killed, the lab that worked overtime last night even turned out fine! I really don’t understand why the president is cooperating with them…” 
“Sigh, our project was originally supposed to be completed with just two more nights of overtime but it was postponed all because of her. Even the investors have become unhappy about this.” 
“Ours, too. Epson said that the whole school was very quiet last night and nothing happened at all. He also said that she’s doing all this for Anti!” 
“Anti? What does it have to do with Anti?”
“The officer said that Anti is her sister-in-law. Anti is currently conducting research in the US on the same topic as Epson, so the two of them are racing against time to see who can clinch the project first. That’s why the officer made up a ridiculous excuse like this to make things difficult for Epson. Unfortunately for her, he was not fooled. Our professor didn’t dare to take responsibility for potential accidents, so he obeyed their instructions, but Epson signed a waiver saying that he would take responsibility if anything happens in his lab!” 
The two left while discussing the incident in low voices. 
Aaron was furious. He wanted to go up and reason with them but Brenda held him back. 
“Ignore them,” she said. 
Aaron took a deep breath. 
Brenda wanted to say something, but out of the corner of her eye, she suddenly glimpsed a familiar figure in the corner ahead. She cast her eyes down, suddenly took Aaron’s arm, and said, “Alright, Aaron, let’s talk business instead!” 
Aaron: “?” 
However, he lived up to the name of being long-term partners with Brenda and immediately understood what she meant. Right off the bat, he said, “Sure. Have you had lunch? You must be exhausted after the busy morning. Let’s have lunch first!” 
“Okay.” 
After Brenda answered, the two walked off intimately.
Only after they went into the distance did Solo come out of the corner. The skinny man clenched his fists tightly, awfully mad. He asked Nora beside him, “How am I inferior to that officer?” 
Nora replied, “You are not as tall as him.” 
Her one-liner pierced Solo’s chest like a knife. 
Solo retorted, “Aren’t I just a little shorter than him?” 
“You’re not as strong and muscular as him.” 
A second knife was plunged into Solo’s chest. 
Nora looked Solo up and down. “Apart from your face, which is still not too bad, everything else about you seems to be inferior to him?” 
Solo: “?” 
He felt that a rain of blades had just showered on him!! 
Solo heaved a silent sigh and lowered his head. “No matter how much better he is than me, Brenny likes me, not him.” 
Nora: “?” 
“Are you that confident?” She asked. 
“Of course.” Solo said, “Do you think I’ll get into a relationship with someone so casually? I know Brenny was up to no good when she first approached me, but her feelings for me, later on, were genuine. I feel the same way towards her too! 
Sanne
“I just want to know why on earth Brenny is ignoring me? There must be something wrong in here!” 
Nora nodded. 
She also knew that something was wrong, but if Brenda refused to say anything, then she couldn’t do anything either. 
Elsewhere. 
Brenda and Aaron went to the school cafeteria. As it was lunchtime, there were a lot of people there. 
When the pair entered, many students started to gesture at and talk about them. 
Of course, public opinion was not overwhelmingly one-sided. There were still quite a fair number of people who spoke up for them. 
“The police are just doing this in the name of prudence. It’d be best that the murderer doesn’t exist, but what if it’s true? Projects are important but when compared with our lives, aren’t our lives still more important?” 
Aaron paid attention to the ongoings around him as he ate. 
“Our lives are indeed important but these rumors are really wrong. Everyone knows that Barbarian has to kill for five consecutive days once he goes on a killing spree. Since nothing happened last night, this means that there is absolutely no problem! It’s not Barbarian…” 
The students were extremely concerned about the case, so everyone was discussing it. 
Even Aaron couldn’t help but start to doubt himself. He said, “Captain Brenda, are you sure it’s really Barbarian? Peter has confirmed with me again that all the professors have indeed reported for work. This doesn’t match Barbarian’s pattern. Also, if there is no murder case, then I’m afraid the police will really have to withdraw tomorrow…”
Upon hearing this, Brenda suddenly looked up at him. “Just now, you said that the professors have all reported for work, but what about Peter himself?” 
Aaron was taken aback. “Peter and I have been contacting each other by cell phone all this time. I haven’t seen him today but he was talking in the group chat early this morning.” 
Brenda’s movements as she ate became slower and slower and she could no longer hear all the voices around them. 
She suddenly asked, “Peter was also a lecturer before he became the director, right? What did he teach?” 
Aaron was stunned. He swallowed and answered, “Biomedicine.”
###Chapter 858
The timing when they came for lunch happened to coincide with Epson. 
The students were busy with the experiments but Epson didn’t need to do much, so he was free to go out for lunch. 
As soon as he entered, he saw the students around him all looking in one direction. He followed everyone’s gaze and looked over to see the pair who stood out in the crowd in their uniforms. 
Epson curled his lips at once. He sneered and then walked over. “What a coincidence, Captain Brenda, I didn’t expect you guys to also come here for lunch. Why do you guys still have the time to eat, though? Didn’t you say that the serial killer is in the school? Everyone has stopped their experiments to cooperate with the police, so shouldn’t you guys be so busy catching the bad guys that you don’t even have time to eat? …” 
Epson spoke sarcastically. 
Just as he was speaking, Brenda and Aaron pretty much only thought for two seconds before they jumped onto their feet. They moved so quickly that Epson got a shock. 
In particular, Brenda and Aaron had a fierce and savage look in their eyes at the moment, which scared Epson so badly that he took a step back and waved his arms in front of him. 
“What are you doing? Captain Brenda, we’re on campus now. I won’t hold it against you for beating me up the last time, but there are so many students watching us now. If you dare…” 
Before he could even finish, Brenda and Aaron sprinted out of the cafeteria at lightning speed. 
Epson: “?” 
Epson: “…”
He stood where he was in confusion, puzzled about what the pair did just now. 
He frowned. At this moment, a student nearby came over and asked, “Professor Epson, what just happened? What’s up with those two?” 
Epson thought for a moment and replied, “I reprimanded them just now, so they must have suddenly woken up and come to their senses, I suppose? So they’ve gone to patrol and track down the murderer! I should think that the lockdown will be lifted soon! Besides, I reckon they must have also realized that it was not a serial killer who killed Professor Mayer, so they are too embarrassed to face 
us!” 
Epson convinced even himself with his words. 
The students nearby all gave Epson a thumbs up. They said, “Professor, you’re really an educator in both morals and science. Not only do you impart us knowledge but you even taught those two some principles of life.” 
“Professor, your project will definitely succeed! You will definitely complete it faster than Anti!” 
II 
After being flattered by the students a little, Epson got ahead of himself and said, “Yeah, I think so too. Uh-huh, you guys don’t have to look at me like that, I just did what I should have…” 
Elsewhere, after Brenda and Aaron sprinted out of the cafeteria, they went straight to the staff dormitories where the professors lived. 
The professors hadn’t been allowed to go home, so Peter was also living there. While they were running, Brenda asked, “When was the last time you saw Peter?”
Aaron replied, “At nine o’clock last night. We separated after we verified together that all the professors, except for Epson, had gone to the staff dormitory.” 
Brenda broke into a frown. She took a deep breath and slowly said, “Barbarian has a habit of killing between 11 pm and 4 am.” 
Therefore, it was possible that Peter had really been murdered! 
Aaron also became nervous. He picked up the walkie-talkie and spoke into it. He asked, “Jabil, have you seen Professor Peter today?”. 
“I exchanged a few text messages with him. Just half an hour ago, he was telling me that I can go to the cafeteria to eat.” 
Aaron interrupted him. “What I’m asking is have you seen him in person?” 
The other party paused and then answered, “No.” 
Aaron took a deep breath and said, “Head to Professor Peter’s room in the staff dormitory immediately!” 
“Roger!” 
After hanging up, Brenda and Aaron sped up even more. 
The two were anxious to solve the case but even more eager to save Peter. While running, they didn’t notice Solo and Nora coming out of the corner. 
At the sight of them, Solo immediately went after them. 
Nora also followed closely behind them.
Solo said, “Judging from how they look, they have probably found something related to the suspect. Let’s follow them and have a look. If we can help, then let’s do so. Serial killers are too dangerous!” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” Brenda resented Barbarian. 
After all, to her, Barbarian was the one who had killed Justin, but it wasn’t like Nora could tell her the truth, either. Nora was worried that Brenda would take things too hard and end up forcing a fight with Barbarian. 
She had witnessed Barbarian’s strength before. 
He was an extremely tough opponent. 
With that in mind, Nora quickened her pace. 
When Brenda and Aaron reached the staff dormitories, the two exchanged a look. Then, back to back, they rushed in. Both of them were holding their guns and had them aimed straight ahead. 
Brenda walked in front while Aaron followed behind her. 
As old partners, the two cooperated seamlessly. 
Just like that, they came right up to Peter’s door. Brenda knocked on it. Immediately after, she gripped her handgun tightly and said, “Professor Peter, I have something to talk to you about. Please open the door.” 
Right after she spoke, she heard footsteps coming from the room. 
Brenda narrowed her eyes and exchanged a look with Aaron. 
Aaron took a deep breath. “The person inside may be the murderer.”
Brenda also nodded. 
However, despite the movement inside, no one opened the door. 
Brenda put her hand on the door handle and tried to open it but couldn’t. She looked at the anti-burglary lock on the door. 
At Staav University, professors’ rooms were likely to contain their research materials, so each door was set up with digital locks. It was difficult to crack the password from the outside. 
Brenda did not have the password to Peter’s room. 
She paused for a moment. Aaron pointed his handgun at the lock, intending to shoot. 
However, Brenda stopped him. She said, “Unless you have the password, you won’t be able to break the lock even if you shoot at it! On the contrary, we may even alert the enemy.” 
Aaron was anxious. “But if we delay any longer, the person inside is gonna escape!” 
Brenda’s brows drew together. While she was thinking, a weak voice came over. 
“I… I can open the lock for you.” 
Upon hearing the voice, Brenda and Aaron turned their heads in unison to see Solo sticking to the wall like a weakling. Seeing the pair look over, he looked at Brenda ingratiatingly and said, “I can open the lock for you guys. Give me ten seconds.” 
Seco 
After speaking, he took out his cell phone and started to tap away. 
Seeing this, Brenda’s pupils shrank.
She abruptly reached over and grabbed Solo’s phone. “I don’t need your help!” 
Unfortunately, she was a step too late! 
When Solo offered to open the door’s digital lock, he had already started to attack it. Right after Brenda spoke, the door opened with a clack! 
The person inside also appeared in front of everyone at this moment. 
Not expecting so many people to come rushing in, he seemed rather flustered. When he heard their voices, he immediately stood up. 
“Don’t move!” 
“Freeze! Put your hands up!” 
Brenda and Aaron shouted at the same time and pointed their guns at him. 
Even Barbarian wouldn’t be able to fight back against firearms! 
After all, the gene serum had only improved his physical fitness. It couldn’t turn his skin into steel! 
“Turn around!” 
The tall and sturdy figure slowly turned around. It was a face that Nora was familiar with…
###Chapter 859
“Jack?” 
Nora, who was behind the few of them, uttered in surprise. 
It was no wonder that she was surprised. After all, Jack’s bright and sunny image was simply too out of line with Barbarian. Moreover, Nora had fought with Barbarian before back in New York, so she knew that he could not possibly be Barbarian… 
While she was thinking, Aaron rushed over. Together with Brenda, they cautiously grabbed Jack’s arms, held them behind him, and arrested him! 
Jack, who looked rather flustered, exclaimed, “What’s the matter? What happened? Sh*t! You can’t just arrest me without a reason!” 
Both Brenda and Aaron also felt that things were going too smoothly and the two looked at each other. While Aaron held Jack down, Brenda cautiously circled the room. However, she did not see Peter at all! 
At the sight, Nora took the initiative to question Jack. She asked, “Why are you here, 
Jack?” 
Jack, who was bent over due to being bound, answered, “Professor Peter wanted me to clean his room. What’s the matter with you 
guys?” 
In university, many postgraduate students working under the professors also doubled as their assistants in their personal life. In fact, a fair number of professors even got their postgraduate students to pick up their children from school for them. Therefore, situations like what Jack was claiming did exist. 
However, he had a very flustered look in his eyes, so it was obvious at a glance that he was lying
Aaron immediately held him down even more forcefully, which made Jack feel as if his arm was going to break. He shouted, “You can’t treat me like this! I’m a student of Staav University! What gives you the right to treat me like this?” 
Aaron’s expression darkened even further when he said that. 
Nora said, “If you don’t tell the truth, I’m afraid we won’t be able to help you, Jack.” 
Jack pressed his lips together when he heard her. 
Nora nodded to Aaron. 
Aaron slowly let go of Jack, but nevertheless continued to point his handgun at him warily. 
If Jack was Barbarian, even if all three and a half humans present teamed up-Solo could only be regarded as half a person here—they still wouldn’t be his match. 
Therefore, Aaron and Brenda did not dare to let down their guard one bit. 
Jack stood up straight and shook his arm, which had become numb from being held down. Only then did the young man, who was close to tears, say, “I was doing Professor Peter’s work for him… He said that he should have been taking care of this by himself, so he didn’t want me to tell anyone about it.” 
As soon as he said that, the rest understood. 
Why, Jack had been the one handling all the work—including verifying the professors’ attendance-in the group chat since the morning, not Peter! 
Aaron broke into a huge frown and asked, “Where’s Peter?” 
Jack shrugged. “I don’t know. Why would the director ever tell me where he’s going?”
Aaron looked at Brenda. 
Brenda suddenly took a step forward and attacked Jack, which scared him so badly that he immediately retreated. Even so, he did not manage to dodge her attack. There was no sign of an act in his actions. 
Brenda said, “He’s not Barbarian.” 
Only then did the fierce and menacing look on Aaron’s face ease. The way he looked just now was as if Barbarian had killed his father. 
Nevertheless, he was furious. “When did you start handling these affairs for him? And when was the last time you saw him?” 
Although Jack was displeased at being punched for some inexplicable reason, he nevertheless answered Aaron’s questions honestly. He replied, “At ten o’clock last night. When I left this place, I told him that I would come over at six this morning to continue helping him with his work.” 
Aaron asked, “Didn’t you see him when you came here this morning?” 
“No.” Jack replied, “He was already gone when I came. He usually gets up at 5:30 for morning runs and then he takes his breakfast after it. I was also wondering why he isn’t back yet and was just about to call him.” 
Aaron noticed something suspicious. “How did you get in if Peter wasn’t here?” 
Jack was confused. “I have the password to Professor Peter’s room. I come here every morning to clean up when he goes for his morning run. Is something the matter?” 
His explanation was flawless. 
There was no problem with Jack’s answers.
Nora also frowned. 
After circling around the room, Brenda finally took a deep breath and said, “Peter has been murdered.” 
Both Aaron and Jack looked at her in shock. 
Jack blurted out, “How can that be?!” 
Brenda took out a poker card. “This is Barbarian’s calling card. He leaves a poker card like this behind whenever he appears. Here’s the question, though: Where is Peter’s body?” 
She looked straight at Aaron. “Retrieve the surveillance footage.” 
Aaron nodded. 
The night before, they had spent the whole time keeping a watch on the staff dormitory. There was no way anyone could enter the room without them knowing. There must be something wrong in here. 
Soon, Aaron retrieved the surveillance footage and started checking it on his cell phone. 
Everything had gone well the night before. Except for a few students, no one had gone to Peter’s room. There was no trace of Barbarian having ever entered. 
After going through it once, Brenda said, “Barbarian typically kills at night between ten and four. Let’s slow down the video and watch the footage for those six hours again.” 
“Okay.” 
Aaron replayed the video. 
They had sped through the video at twenty times the original speed just now. This time, they slowed it down and watched it carefully.
Nora suddenly noticed something amiss. She was about to speak when Solo suddenly tugged at her sleeve. Nora immediately understood and closed her mouth. 
Solo was intending to display his professional expertise. 
It was just like how Nora hadn’t offered to unlock the door for them just now—because there was Solo. 
Sure enough, Solo said, “Look at the part at five minutes past midnight.” 
Brenda was taken aback. 
Aaron’s fingers also paused slightly but he still reversed the video to the part at five minutes past midnight. 
Solo pointed to the video and said, “The time flow here is not quite right. A hacker has likely covered up something here. Look here…” 
A very professional Solo pointed out something odd, “The reflection of the moon outside the window was at this position at 11 pm. It should have changed its direction after midnight but this part here stayed the same the whole time and never changed.” 
Aaron and Brenda were stunned for a moment and they both looked at Solo. 
Solo continued. “This shows that their hacker has masked the part after midnight with the footage from 11 pm, so as to prevent you guys from noticing anything unusual.” 
Aaron hurriedly asked, “Is there any way to restore the surveillance footage at twelve o’clock?” 
Solo shook his head. “That’s where they were really brilliant. The surveillance footage after twelve o’clock has been fully masked, which means that the camera was turned off at midnight. Therefore, even if you discover something amiss, you won’t be able to find the original video anymore-because it was never recorded.”
If the video was never recorded, then even if they had a master hacker on their side, it would still be impossible for them to recover 
it. 
After all, how was one supposed to recover something that had never existed? 
Solo subconsciously said, “The guy is very cautious. It feels like he knows that you have hackers on your side, so he is guarding against that.” 
Hackers… 
As soon as Solo said that, Brenda suddenly looked at Nora. 
Nora also narrowed her eyes. 
nou 
Between Q and Y, only her identity had been publicly announced, so the other party did not know that Y was Justin. Besides, even Nora couldn’t say for sure whether Justin was here or not, let alone the other party? 
Therefore, she was the one whom they were guarding against! 
In other words, Barbarian was already aware that Nora was here. 
Nora frowned. 
Once again, she was acutely feeling just how tough the enemy was. Barbarian’s overwhelmingly powerful fighting abilities coupled with Spacey, whose hacking skills might be comparable to hers…
Could she really beat a combination like that and get the V16? 
While Nora was thinking, Brenda had already sorted out her thoughts. She looked straight at Aaron and said slowly, “The most important thing for us now is to find Peter’s body as soon as possible, so that we can prove that I am speaking the truth, or else the president is going to kick us out tomorrow! In addition, the students and professors are all intellectuals with minds of their own. They will never let us confine them here for ten days or half a month!” 
Aaron nodded but said anxiously, “But where is the body? We don’t have any clues at all.” 
Brenda said, “The whole campus was closed off last night, so they definitely can’t transport the body out. The body must still be within school premises!” 
Aaron nodded again. “Okay, I’ll send someone to look for it right away. Even if we must turn the whole school upside down, we will find the body.” 
After that, Aaron made a phone call and dispatched his men to look for the body. 
But after he hung up the phone, he saw an extremely grave look on Brenda’s face. 
“What’s wrong?” Aaron asked. 
A grim-faced Brenda replied, “We have been investigating suspicious people the whole time since yesterday, but even until now, we still haven’t found any clues. Barbarian is a living, breathing person. We’ve also reminded the students to be careful if they spot any strangers. Although the school is big, the student population is dense, yet no one has spotted any strangers even until now. Do you know what this means?” 
Aaron shook his head.
Before Brenda could speak, Nora replied on her behalf. She said, “Barbarian is either a student or a teacher in the school.” 
Her one-liner was akin to a thunderous explosion in their ears. 
Everyone looked at her in stunned disbelief. 
Brenda nodded. She said, “Yes, Nora is right. I always thought that Barbarian was all brawn and no brains but it’s only now that I’ve realized that he is actually very clever. No wonder he instantly disappeared the moment we found even a tiny lead on him all these 
years.” 
Nora, however, said, “There is another possibility, though.” 
Brenda looked at her. “What is it?” 
In a low voice, Nora slowly answered, “Someone is helping Barbarian.” 
Spacey, the genius with the high IQ. 
When Solo said just now that the other party had hackers on their side, she’d immediately thought of Spacey. 
If Barbarian wasn’t blindly acting in a reckless and foolhardy manner at the moment, then this meant that the highly intelligent Spacey must be giving him advice and guidance! 
Spacey’s IQ genes had been improved, so he must be highly intelligent. 
As for Barbarian, his physical fitness had been improved, so he was extremely strong. The two, teaming up, made for an even more terrifying enemy than Barbarian alone.
Brenda nodded solemnly. 
After the two spoke, the room suddenly fell into silence. 
After a while, Brenda recovered and said, “Alright, Nora, we are going to continue with the case. You guys can go now!” 
Solo, however, said, “Brenny, I’m not leaving, I can stay and help you. Look at how much help I was to you just now, you…” 
Before he could finish, though, Brenda cut him off. She said, “What can you even help with? Do you think you’ll be of help to us just by mouthing off some nonsense? Hurry up and leave, I don’t want to see you! You’re just a pretty boy who only knows how to freeload. Go away!” 
Solo paled when he heard her. 
He didn’t expect Brenda to say such things just to drive him away. 
He gave her a resigned smile and said, “Brenny, I’m a hacker. I solved the technical problems for you just now. If someone hacks into the system again tonight, at least I’ll be able to find out. Why are you-“. 
“Hacker? I don’t know what you’re talking about, you are just a programmer. Please don’t pester me anymore, okay? Go away!” 
Brenda pointed at the door and yelled at him. 
Solo was stunned again. 
He wanted to say something but Nora had already turned around. She said dispassionately, “Let’s go.” 
Solo was not afraid of Brenda, but he was afraid of Nora. That big boss wasn’t very even-tempered. Although he still had a lot to say to Brenda, when he glanced at Nora from the back, he chose to follow
after Nora. Even after Solo stepped out, he was perplexed. “Does Brenny hate me that much? But why?” 
Nora looked behind her at the people in the room. Suddenly, she said, “Leave this place.” 
Solo was taken aback. “Anti, are you also not on my side anymore? Do you also think I’m a good-for- nothing? There is obviously a misunderstanding between Brenny and me, we have to resolve it and talk things out properly! We love each other, I’m not willing to just let go of her like that! Besides, you saw just now that I can really be of help to her. Although my computer skills are not as good as yours, I’m still a well-known hacker…” 
Nora was about to interrupt him when Aaron suddenly came out of the room. 
He stared at Solo and suddenly said, “When you said that your name was Solo, I didn’t think much about it. Are you the hacker Solo?” 
“Yes, yes, that’s right!” Solo nodded. “I’m Solo the hacker! I can be of help to you, really! Go and tell Captain Brenda to let me stay!” Solo had completely forgotten that he was currently wanted by Interpol. 
As soon as he said that though, Aaron laughed and said, “So, you are Solo! What a coincidence!” 
“Yes, what a coincidence, right? There can’t be a bigger coincidence than this! Although I’m not as strong or muscular as you, I’m still useful, right?” Solo vaguely found the value of his existence. “So, you…” 
Aaron suddenly stepped forward, grabbed Solo’s arms, and held them behind him! 
Solo: “?” 
Just as he was at a total loss, Aaron cast his eyes down and said coldly, “We were looking for you all over the world, but to think you present yourself right on our doorstep!” 
Solo was taken aback. Then, he shouted nervously, “Hey bro, I didn’t do anything bad. This is just a misunderstanding! A misunderstanding, I say… Brenny, come out and save me!”
Despite his shouts, Brenda didn’t step out of the room. Aaron let out a low scoff and said, “I thought you and Captain Brenda were just having a petty lover’s quarrel, I didn’t expect this at all. I finally understand why she’s ignoring you now…” 
Solo was not at all anxious about being arrested anymore. On the contrary, he asked, “What have you understood? Hurry and tell me! I’m at a total loss! Why is she asking to break up when nothing happened? What am I doing wrong?”
###Chapter 860
Despite being a well-known hacker, Solo didn’t really take the fact that Interpol was after him seriously. 
After all, all these years, he had only undertaken private commissions and most of the money he earned was legal. He had only run to America because-first, he wanted to visit Nora, and second, he found being targeted by Interpol very troublesome. 
But even if he was caught, he would be released from jail after just two or three months. Moreover, if he took the initiative to cooperate with Interpol, he could even join them, start out on a clean slate, and become a white hat. 
The Interpol had even invited Solo to join them before, but he had declined. 
Now that he knew that Brenda was an Interpol officer, he started having thoughts of joining them. That was why he had kept displaying his professionalism just now 
That was why Solo was not afraid at all, despite Aaron subduing him, and was even asking him what was going on. 
Aaron didn’t hold back at all, which made Solo’s shoulders hurt terribly. However, none of it could compare with his desire to know what on earth was going on with Brenda. 
Aaron stared at Solo, the deep hatred in his eyes almost overflowing. 
He sneered, “Fine, if Captain Brenda won’t tell you the truth, then I’ll do it. The two of you will never be together because…” 
“Aaron!” 
Before Aaron could finish, Brenda’s frosty voice came over, preventing him from saying the rest of what he wanted to say.
The woman, who stood tall and straight, came out of the room and her gaze fell on Solo. Her pretty face was tense and frosty as she slowly said, “Don’t waste your breath telling him unnecessary things!” 
She took a step forward. She clenched her fists tightly, stared at Solo, and said, “You and I have been walking two different paths from the start. I’ve told you a long time ago to stay away from me but you keep sending yourself up to my doorstep again and again. In that case, I might as well accept this achievement that you’re offering me! Aaron!” 
Aaron stood up straight. “Present!” 
Brenda lowered her eyes and kept quiet for a long while. 
Solo was also staring at Brenda, his eyes full of incredulity. However, he quickly reacted and said, “Captain Brenda, I know I may have done some things that violate international law, but I don’t think I’ve done any huge wrongdoings, right? Seeing that I am repentant and have also offered to help you, why don’t you consider recruiting me into the 
team?” 
Brenda’s fists were shaking a little. 
Next to her, Aaron also sneered. His eyes were all red and all his muscles seemed to be bulging as though he would kill Solo with a punch the very next moment. 
Before he could speak, Brenda said, “Detain him for now, then get the local police to take over. Our main priority now is to arrest Barbarian!” 
“Captain Brenda!” Aaron yelled furiously. 
Brenda was shaking all over. “Do as I say! We will do everything according to the system!”
Aaron looked at Solo. The way he was gritting his teeth in fury confused Solo and put him at a loss. Regardless, after a short pause, Aaron replied, “… Yes, ma’am!” 
At last, Solo couldn’t help but say, “No, you two, I’m asking to join you guys here. Also, aren’t I just a tiny little criminal? Do you really need to gnash your teeth so hard? You make it seem like I’m some kind of heinous murderer. I…” 
“Shut up!” 
Brenda suddenly glared at him and let out a low shout, which shut Solo up. 
Only then did Brenda look at Aaron. “Take him to a solitary cell and keep him there.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Aaron left with Solo. 
Nora, who was standing at the side, glanced at Brenda. 
Brenda took a deep breath. 
Nora walked up to her and suddenly asked, “Just what exactly is going on?” 
Brenda’s eyes were all red and there were faint tears in her eyes. 
She lowered her eyes and suddenly smiled. “You know something, Nora? Some people with certain abilities may not have done anything wrong, but their abilities are, in themselves, a mistake…” 
After leaving behind those words, Brenda turned around abruptly and said, “I’m going to look for Peter’s body. If I can’t find it today, I’m afraid we’ll really be turned away tomorrow. I’ll leave for now!” 
With that, she left.
Nora’s jaw tensed up as she stared at her from the back. 
However, she didn’t go after Brenda but followed Aaron instead. 
Solo was a hacker, so he was physically very weak and posed no threat to her at all. Yet Brenda hadn’t escorted Solo in person but gotten Aaron to do it, instead… 
This showed that Brenda had actually been covering up for Solo all this time! 
She was giving Solo the chance to escape. 
After all, for Solo to successfully dodge the pursuit of so many police officers all these years, he must have had his ways too. 
It was just that after she walked over, she found that Solo had kept his head down and followed Aaron the whole time, showing no intention of resisting whatsoever. 
Halfway, when Aaron passed by the washrooms, he suddenly paused. He looked at Solo and said, “I’m going to the washroom for a while. Stay here and don’t run, you hear 
me?” 
Solo looked at him blankly. “Okay.” 
Aaron glanced at him again before he finally entered the washroom. 
Nora hurried over and grabbed Solo’s arm. “Let’s go.” 
However, Solo stood still and shook his head. “I’m not leaving.” 
Nora didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. “Aaron left you out here to give you the chance to run!” 
“I know.”
Solo let out a quiet sigh. As though a confused child, he lowered his head and said, “That’s why I can’t leave. I want to know why on earth Brenny is ignoring me. Surely I have to find out why, right?!” 
Nora: “…” 
To be honest, Nora had roughly guessed what the reason might be but she only had a vague idea as to what might have happened, so she would have to investigate to get the specifics. She said, “I’ll check what happened for you.” 
“Even so, I’m still not leaving.” 
Solo squatted on the ground stubbornly and hugged his knees. 
Nora could only bend down as well, her patience close to running out. “What’s up with you?” 
Solo sighed. “If I go, Brenny and I won’t ever have a chance of reconciling. I have to stay!” 
It was only when Nora heard this that she suddenly realized what he meant. 
Solo wasn’t stupid. Otherwise, he would not have gotten so many things done for her so quickly all these years. He knew and understood everything deep down. 
He knew very well that he would become a fugitive if he ran away. Brenda didn’t want to arrest him, but at the same time, Brenda was completely pushing him away. 
He looked at Nora blankly. “Even if I’ve really done something wrong, I have to know what it is. Surely I have to find out whether there’s any possibility of making it up to her? I don’t want to give up Brenny just like that.” 
Solo’s crimes would only put him in jail for two or three months at most. 
Nothing much would really happen to him.
Seeing that he was being so stubborn, Nora sighed quietly and said, “Fine.” 
But as soon as she said that, Aaron’s voice came from the washroom entrance. “You can never make up for the mistakes you’ve made!” 
Solo hurriedly turned around and looked at Aaron. “What on earth is going on? What did I do wrong? What did I do?” 
Aaron clenched his jaw. 
He looked at Solo savagely. “What you’ve done wrong? You owe us a life!” 
Solo was stunned but he quickly came back to his senses. “I… I didn’t. I’ve never killed anyone, I’ve never taken such commissions! 
I…” 
Before he could finish, Aaron asked, “Do you remember someone named Marcus?” 
Solo paused for a while before he suddenly realized who he was talking about. “Yeah, I remember him. Isn’t he a hacker? He even provoked me and said that he was a better hacker than me…” 
After saying that, Solo asked, “But what does it have to do with him?” 
Aaron lowered his eyes. “He was my and Captain Brenda’s partner!” 
Solo was taken aback. 
Aaron continued to speak. “Marcus, Captain Brenda, and I—the three of us were close friends and we always worked together whenever we handled cases. Marcus was in love with Captain Brenda, so he
always worked hard to coordinate with her during operations. Marcus was very capable. The higher-ups once talked to him about having him lead a team but Marcus never agreed. Instead, he willingly worked under Captain Brenda-not because he admired her abilities, but because he wanted to protect her!” 
Aaron clenched his fists, his whole body shaking. There was hatred and resentment in his eyes as he stared at Solo. 
His appearance caused a foreboding feeling to suddenly arise in Solo. “W-where is he?” 
Aaron lowered his eyes. “He’s dead!” 
Solo’s heart sank. “B-but I wasn’t the one who caused his death. What does it have to do with me? I—” 
Before he could finish, Aaron suddenly looked at him. “He was not convinced of your hacking skills, so he once publicly clamored that he wanted to pit his skills against yours, 
right?” 
Solo nodded. “Yes, but I ignored him.” 
Aaron sneered and lowered his head. 
He suddenly asked, “Three months ago, did you take a commission to hack into someone’s cell phone?” 
Solo nodded. “Yeah, how did you know?” 
Solo had always been taking private commissions from others but he had never done anything terrible like murder. Additionally, the people commissioning him were required to inform him of what they intended to do post-commission. 
He didn’t allow them to make use of him to do bad things.
When he thought of that, he suddenly looked at Aaron. “That phone… Was Marcus’?”. 
Aaron lowered his eyes. “No, it was Captain Brenda’s.” 
His reply made Solo’s eyes widen abruptly. He suddenly thought back to three months ago when someone had sent him an email, saying that his girlfriend had betrayed him. She had cheated on him with many people at the same time and was a scumbag. Therefore, he’d offered Solo $3,000 to pinpoint the girl’s GPS location. 
ame 
$3,000 was just peanuts to him, but he hated such women the most, so he’d accepted the simple commission. 
He checked the cell phone number given by the other party, whereupon he found that the girl was indeed an unfaithful woman and a player–because the cell phone’s GPS location was often in places like nightclubs. 
After Solo sent the GPS coordinates to his client, his client had replied, “She’s too much! How dare she be a town bike! She cuckolded me for so many years but I didn’t even realize! Man, I’m pissed!” 
With the mentality of someone watching a show, Solo had replied, “Just break up. She’s not worth it.” 
But his client then sent a message begging him for help. “Can you help me hack into my girlfriend’s cell phone for ten minutes? I want to lock her in the toilet and scare her a little as punishment.” 
For Solo, a small request like that was not even worth mentioning. 
He agreed immediately. In fact, he’d even felt that he was punishing evil and promoting good. 
But he didn’t understand how could she have been Brenda?
While he was in a daze, Aaron sneered and spoke again. “That day, after much difficulty, Captain Brenda, Marcus, and I finally managed to get hold of Barbarian’s whereabouts. In order not to alert the enemy, Captain Brenda went in to scout the place first. We agreed that she would give us a signal in five minutes but we suddenly lost contact with her! Marcus was worried about Captain Brenda, so he rushed in at once… He thought that the signal source he had set up was inadequate, causing Captain Brenda to be unable to send us the signal… But we had never thought that the reason why she hadn’t come out was just because of a hacker’s little prank!! Marcus, in order to save Captain Brenda, was brutally killed by Barbarian.” 
At this point, Aaron suddenly raised his fist and slammed it in Solo’s face! 
Nora didn’t do anything. Instead, she watched the two fixedly. 
Solo didn’t duck either. It seemed like he had never imagined that things could have turned out like that… 
He’d only hacked into someone’s phone for ten minutes and prevented them from using it. How did it involve someone’s death? 
On top of that, out of everyone it could have been, that person was Brenda! 
He even remembered that he had had a few conversations with the owner of the cell phone back then. 
Using an unknown number, he had sent the other party text messages and scolded her, saying that she should repent and that her boyfriend was still waiting for her. 
The girl had replied: ‘Are you nuts?’ 
At that time, he’d harassed the girl by sending her a ton of text messages because he wanted her to change her mind and return to her boyfriend.
In fact… 
After hacking her cell phone for ten minutes, when he returned control of the phone to the girl, he had even left a message on the screen: ‘Hahaha! You must have been scared silly, right? You deserved it!’ 
Solo staggered a couple of steps backward. 
He thought of how those big mocking words would have suddenly appeared on the phone as Brenda came out dragging the body of her comrade who had died tragically. When he thought of how he was the one who had sent that message to her… 
Solo suddenly clutched his chest. 
No wonder… no wonder Brenda had said that there was no misunderstanding between them. 
Yeah, there certainly wasn’t any misunderstanding. 
There was only hatred and a feud between them! 
That was why Interpol, who had always ignored him, had started to come after him when the charges were not even serious. Even if he was caught, he would only serve two or three months in prison. 
Solo’s nose was broken, warm liquid slowly trickled down. 
He suddenly didn’t know what to do anymore. 
Aaron pointed to the outside. “Leave! We investigated after the incident and found out that it was just a hacker’s prank and that you indeed don’t have anything to do with Barbarian… 
“Yes, you are innocent and you were deceived, but no matter how many excuses I make up for you, it can’t erase the fact that you caused Marcus’ death! So, you get it now, right? Captain Brenda will never
forgive youbecause the moment she sees you, she thinks of the text message, those short ten minutes, and Marcus’ tragic death! Get lost! I’m not interested in detaining you. Stay away from us in the future!” 
Aaron really wanted to beat up Solo and kill him, but of all people, Captain Brenda had fallen in love with him. 
Marcus’ only wish when he had been alive was for Captain Brenda to find someone she loved… Now that she had, Aaron couldn’t really kill Solo to avenge him. 
Solo, however, remained where he was. He murmured to himself, “W-what can I do to make up for it?” 
“Make up for it?” Aaron sneered, “Only if you can bring Marcus back to life!”
###Chapter 861
How could the dead possibly come back to life, though? 
Solo remained where he was, stunned to the spot. 
He didn’t know how he should explain himself, let alone what he should do… All of this was thanks to his stupidity and self-righteousness! 
Regardless, he couldn’t reconcile himself with it. He still wanted to grasp something, so he asked, “What can I do now?” 
Aaron lowered his eyes. “The only thing you can do now is to leave Captain Brenda. When Marcus died, she was out of it for whole 6 months. It’s also for the sake of taking revenge for Marcus that we are so focused on arresting Barbarian now, but your existence will only keep reminding Captain Brenda how tragic Marcus’ death was! You being with her will only bring her pain!” 
After saying that, Aaron looked down and checked the time. Then, he walked past him and said, “I won’t arrest you—because you don’t deserve to go to prison for reformation.” 
With that, Aaron left, leaving behind only Nora and Solo. 
Nora looked at Solo. For a while there, she didn’t quite know how she should comfort him. 
She suddenly understood Brenda’s feelings very well. From her perspective, Solo might not be the murderer-in fact, he had even been deceived—but how could Brenda possibly bring herself to face him with peace of mind? 
During the past few months, Brenda probably didn’t just hate Barbarian, but also the person who had hacked her cell phone, right?
If Solo hadn’t hacked her phone at that time, they wouldn’t have lost contact and Marcus wouldn’t have rushed in to save her… 
So, how could Brenda possibly bring herself to be with Solo? 
Solo didn’t do anything wrong. 
His only mistake was that he had trusted the wrong person. 
Brenda also didn’t do anything wrong. 
She couldn’t let down Marcus. She couldn’t get into a relationship with the person who had indirectly caused his death. She couldn’t cross that hurdle in her heart. 
Therefore, when Nora asked Brenda what was going on, Brenda had told her that there was no misunderstanding. All this time, there had never been any misunderstanding between her and Solo. 
Yeah, there certainly wasn’t any. 
All there was between the two of them was a dead knot! 
Marcus’ death was like a thorn forever stuck between the two. Even if Brenda chose to be with him, she would probably live in guilt for the rest of her life. 
Nora sighed. She patted Solo’s shoulder and said, “Why don’t you leave the school for now?” 
“… Okay.” 
With his head down, a wilted Solo followed behind Nora and left the school. 
Nora personally walked Solo out of the school gates. She watched Solo enter the hotel outside the school. After he packed his modest luggage—which was just a backpack-he got into a cab and left.
Only then did Nora turn around. As soon as she did, though, she saw a flash of Brenda not far away. 
Nora smiled wryly. 
Actually, Brenda couldn’t get over Solo either, right? 
She walked over slowly and came up to Brenda. She said, “He’s gone. Don’t look anymore.” 
“Yeah, okay.” 
Brenda turned around. On the face of the stubborn woman was a strong and resilient expression. 
Nora asked, “Can’t bear to part with him?” 
Brenda’s lips curled into a wry smile. “Yeah, I 
can’t.” 
She paused for a while and then said, “It wasn’t easy for me to finally fall for a man, yet I’m letting him go just like that. But don’t worry, Nora, I’m not someone who can’t think straight once I fall in love. I don’t have time to mope around now. My priority now is to catch Barbarian! And avenge Marcus!” 
Nora was a little surprised to hear this. “Avenge Marcus?” 
“Yeah.” Brenda seemed to have lost the frivolity that was usually around her. She said straightforwardly, “I know Justin isn’t dead.” 
Nora was taken aback. “When did you realize?” 
Brenda looked at her. “I thought of it when I saw you here at Staav University.”
Brenda looked ahead of her. “Justin’s death came out of nowhere. He is the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts. He may not be able to beat Barbarian in terms of pure strength but the Irvin School of Martial Arts is the most skilled at scheming and playing tricks, so Justin should be great at escaping. Later, when I saw that you weren’t very sad, I initially thought it was because you and Justin didn’t love each other that much. However, the three children were also smiling happily every day. To outsiders, the children are still young, so they must not know what death really means, but I know what Pete is like. Although he is young, his IQ is equivalent to that of a fifteen-year-old, so it’s impossible that he wouldn’t understand. Then, when I saw you here, I knew right away that there must be something up with you and Justin.” 
Brenda was a police officer great at noticing details. It was not surprising that she would detect such things. 
Now that things had come to this, Nora didn’t want to hide it from her anymore, either. Thus, she nodded and said, “Yeah, he didn’t die.” 
Brenda heaved a sigh of relief. “I won’t ask what the two of you are doing, but if you ever deal with Barbarian again, you can count me in. There’s an irreconcilable feud between us!” 
“Okay.” 
The two chatted while searching for Peter’s body in the school. 
The rest of the policemen had already searched everywhere but it was as though Peter had disappeared into thin air, and they simply couldn’t find any clues. In fact, for some reason, some students even said that they had seen Peter buying breakfast in the cafeteria in the morning. 
Brenda found this puzzling. “That’s impossible. Are they sure that the person they saw was Peter?” 
Aaron was even more incredulous. “Yes, they are sure that the person they saw was Peter. After I asked them about it carefully, they told me that Peter always wears a baseball cap and carries a towel with him when he goes running every morning. After that, while covered in sweat, he goes to the cafeteria to buy breakfast and brings it back to his dorm room. I’ve checked the surveillance cameras in the cafeteria-‘Peter’ had his back to the cameras the whole time and he didn’t show his face at all. He only created an illusion to make everyone think that Peter had gone for breakfast, when in fact, the person buying breakfast at that time was the murderer!” 
Brenda’s brows drew together tightly. “Barbarian’s modus operandi is very strange this time. He used to kill in a direct and brutal manner all the time but he’s simply being too strange right now. Not only did he kill Peter and leave us without any clues, but he even pretended to be Peter after that… What on earth is he trying to do?” 
While Brenda was thinking, Aaron also remarked, “If it weren’t for the poker cards in the room, I would have thought that Barbarian really isn’t the one behind it all this time! How could someone like him, who has always been simple-minded and straightforward, possibly come up with such a complex plan? What the hell is he planning?” 
Nora, who was next to him, suddenly said, “I know what he’s planning now.” 
Aaron was taken aback. “What is it?” 
Nora looked out the window. “There you go, his ive has come…” 
Following what she said, someone pushed open the door to the office they were in.
A few professors and students walked in. As soon as they did, they began to accuse and criticize Brenda and Aaron. 
“Officer, what on earth is the matter with you guys? Do you have any idea how urgent our projects are? We agreed to your request when you wanted us to cooperate with you yesterday. There’s absolutely no way we’re doing that again tonight!” 
“Yeah, we’re staff and students here at Staav University, not prisoners! We can choose to disobey your orders! We demand freedom!” 
“We are all students and professors. Instead of investigating Professor Mayer’s death and going after his murderer, you’re staying here and doing so many meaningless things… On top of that, you’re even claiming that Professor Peter has been killed? How can that be? If Professor Peter has really been killed, then produce some evidence for it!” 
“Is it okay to lie just to prove that your judgment is correct? Professor Peter just posted on Instagram, yet you’re saying that he’s dead? This is ridiculous!” 
“Yeah, do you think Staav University’s staff and students are pushovers? We have a School of Law here! I’m a law student myself. Officer, I’d like to talk to you about human rights and freedom now…” 
“Officer, you have no right to imprison so many of us. We have our right to freedom. You can’t lock up nearly ten thousand teachers and students in the school with you just because of a murderer! I’m going out now… I have something on at home!” 
“I’m going out too! I’ve run out of tissues, I need to go to the supermarket!” 
“I’m going out too, I’m going out too…” 
The people’s voices got louder and louder.
Seeing their behavior, Nora lowered her eyes and said slowly, “You see that? Now, this is exactly what he’s after.” 
She looked at Brenda. “Barbarian came here to look for something and he’s not leaving until he finds it, but your presence here has seriously affected his ability to judge the situation and his ive. That’s why he’s doing this—he wants to incite the students and professors into driving you guys away.” 
Aaron: “!” 
He clenched his fists furiously. “Damn! That son of a bitch!” 
Brenda was much calmer. She lowered her eyes and looked at Epson, who was leading the crowd. She said, “The president and I have already agreed that I will leave tomorrow if there’s still no murder tonight. However, in the meantime, all of you must still obey our orders! We represent the school’s decision!” 
Epson scoffed and asked, “You represent the school’s decision? Therefore, we should just waste another night here? Captain Brenda, if no murder happens by tomorrow and the police leaves, then what happens to our lost time tonight? Who is going to compensate us for it? Who is going to take responsibility for our lost time?!” 
Brenda took a deep breath. “I will!” 
Epson demanded aggressively, “And how are you going to take responsibility for it?” Brenda sneered, “If nothing happens by tomorrow morning, then I am willing to be punished! I will take off this uniform I’m wearing!” 
“Okay! Don’t forget what you said!” Having achieved his goal, Epson said cheerfully, “I hope you won’t break your promise tomorrow!”
“Don’t worry, I never go back on my word!” 
Brenda retorted stubbornly. 
Epson scoffed, “Then we’ll wait until tomorrow!” 
After Epson left with the students, Aaron couldn’t help but ask anxiously, “What do we do if we still don’t find Peter’s body by tomorrow? Captain Brenda, are you really going to hold yourself responsible for this?” 
Captain Brenda had once said that she would never take off her uniform until she caught Barbarian and took her revenge! 
Upon hearing what he said, Brenda looked at Nora. 
Nora nodded slightly. 
Brenda lowered her eyes and said, “We may not be able to find Peter, but isn’t Barbarian going to continue killing tonight anyway?” 
With Nora-in other words, Q-here, no hacker would be able to breach her firewall and infiltrate the staff dormitories! 
And if the staff dormitories were unsafe, Barbarian wouldn’t be able to attack them anymore. With that, he could only set his sights on the laboratory! 
Barbarian was a highly psychotic murderer. Once he started a killing spree, he must kill five people before he stopped. This was his principle and dedication. 
With that in mind, Brenda looked coldly at Epson’s back in the distance. It seemed that she would have to smoke the enemy out tonight!
###Chapter 862
That night, a curfew was imposed on the staff dormitories. Brenda also requested that the professors remain in their rooms and not go out after 8 pm. 
The professors had a lot to gripe about it. 
They all looked at Brenda. 
“Are you treating us as prisoners? This is too much!” 
“We are your targets of protection, not your targets of surveillance! The police are too 
much!” 
“What makes you think you can stop us from going out after eight o’clock? Never mind that you’re stopping us from carrying out our experiments at night, but you’re even starting to dictate what we can and cannot do tonight? This is too much!” 
The professors protested but the iron-fisted Brenda still forced them to stay in their rooms. When the professors were asked to return to their rooms, they dished out tough talk. “Just you wait! I’m definitely going to report you tomorrow! You people shouldn’t be here at all!” 
Brenda had already become immune to such words by now. She replied, “Okay, if nothing goes wrong tonight as well, I’ll get out of here by myself tomorrow.” 
Her reply shut up all the professors. 
Seeing that they weren’t talking anymore, Brenda left. 
More than a dozen SWAT officers were protecting the staff dormitories. 
Aaron said, “With this, even a housefly can forget about getting in there, right?”
Brenda stroked her chin. “Yeah, under such circumstances, it is impossible for Barbarian to head there again! Aaron, get our men to follow me to the laboratory building!” 
Aaron followed behind her. He looked at Nora curiously and asked, “Captain Brenda, are that student’s skills good enough? Barbarian has a hacker with him, so surely we can’t rely on a student here, right…?” 
Brenda: “…” 
She said to Aaron, “Don’t worry.” 
Aaron then asked, “By the way, Captain Brenda, didn’t you work with Anti when you went to the US? I remember Anti once revealed that she’s Q, and Marcus also used to admire the hackers Q and Y the most. Is Q really that amazing?” 
II 
Nora listened to their conversation and followed behind the two with a smile as they walked to the laboratory building together. 
She had already encrypted the surveillance camera system at the staff dormitories. No hacker-including even Y-would be able to breach it. 
Thus, Nora wanted to go with Brenda to arrest Barbarian. 
Brenda was worried about her, though. “Are you really going to the lab?” 
Nora nodded. “Yeah.” 
Brenda was still very worried. “You’re weak and powerless, so you have to keep yourself well-hidden, okay? Don’t let Barbarian catch
you!” 
Nora wanted to laugh when she heard the words “weak and powerless.” 
She said quietly, “Don’t worry, no matter what, I’m still capable of protecting myself.” 
Although she couldn’t beat Barbarian in a fight, she wasn’t someone to be trifled with, either. 
While Nora was on the way to the laboratory, Brenda, who was ultimately still worried about her, handed her a small button and said in a low voice, “Nora, if anything goes wrong, press this button immediately. We will rush in right away!” 
“Okay.” 
Nora placed the button in her pocket and went to the upper floors. When she entered Epson’s laboratory, she happened to run into Oscar, who’d just had dinner and come over to work. Upon seeing her, Oscar grabbed her wrist and asked, “Why are you here?” 
Nora: “?” 
Oscar looked around. “The SWAT team has surrounded the area. Judging from how they look, they are dead certain that Barbarian will attack us tonight. Why did you come today when you weren’t here yesterday? Aren’t you just throwing yourself into danger?” 
Nora: “!” 
Since when did she become so close with Oscar? 
Oscar, however, looked around and stuffed a pepper spray into Nora’s hands. “Take this, I bought it at the supermarket today. If a bad guy really comes, we can at least use this for self-defense!”
Nora: “…” 
The pepper spray was probably useless on Barbarian but she thanked Oscar anyway. Then, she entered the lab with her. 
Epson happened to spot the two of them. He walked over at once and began to mock Nora. “What are you doing here? Didn’t you quit this project? Did you come to grovel because you heard that we are completing the project tonight?” 
Nora was surprised. “The project will be completed tonight?” 
Epson said smugly, “Yes, we’ll be able to complete the project tonight! We’re left with just the last step now!” 
Nora: “…” 
She really wished she could tell him that it was exactly at the end, when she collated all the experimental data, that she found out that the project would never succeed. However, going by how confident Epson looked, even if she were to tell him that, he probably wouldn’t believe her. 
Thus, Nora simply shut up. 
On the contrary, it was Oscar standing next to her who said, “Professor Epson, Lisa knows that she was wrong. In order to demonstrate your magnanimity, and also to give her the chance to tell Anti that she once witnessed a great experiment, you should keep her here, right?” 
Her words convinced Epson. “You’re right. In that case, follow me, Lisa. I will let you see with your own eyes that I am greater than Anti!” 
“… Okay.” 
She followed behind Epson and walked into a deeper part of the laboratory.
The postgraduate students passed all of their experimental data to Epson. 
Epson stood where he was and stared solemnly at the numerical values on the computer screen. “You see this? This is our experiment that will be successfully completed very soon! Lisa, you are about to witness a historic moment! Oh, I forgot, you’re just an undergraduate student, so you probably don’t understand my data, right? It’s okay, once the data finishes compiling, you should at least be able to recognize the word “Success”, right? I hope you can remember how you feel then, so that you can report it to Anti…” 
Amidst Epson’s loud and excited talking, all the data was uploaded. 
He looked behind him. Even his expression had become somewhat abnormally excited as he said, “Do you see that? Once I give this button here a push, all the data will start collating! I am only one step away from success!”
###Chapter 863
Nora stared at his data. 
Although she only caught a flash of the data that had just been uploaded, she still got a clear look at it— Epson’s experiment was the same as the one she had done in the past. Its final outcome would only be a failure. 
She lowered her eyes and kept quiet. 
Many of Epson’s students swarmed toward them. 
Everyone had painstakingly worked day and night for a month and now it was finally time to get the fruit of their labor. This was the moment that mattered the most to them. 
Epson pressed the data consolidation button. 
Epson’s students said, “Lisa, you have never seen an experiment like this back in America, right? You’ll bear witness to a miracle today!” 
“Yeah, you are so lucky! Even though you didn’t do anything, you still gained Professor Epson’s trust. It’s really a blessing for you to be able to take part in an experiment like this!” 
“Yeah! I bet even Professor Anti wasn’t this nice to you, right? Moreover, Staav University is much better than the NYU School of Medicine! At the very least, Anti is the only internationally well-known doctor there, whereas Staav University has many! Professor Epson is just one of the many professors here! You should have a better understanding of how great Staav University is by now, right?” 
Amidst their sarcastic, envious, or admonishing remarks, Nora didn’t utter even a word. 
“Look, it’ll be done real soon!” 
Distracted, everyone stopped focusing on Nora.
At this point, someone tugged on Nora’s arm. 
Nora turned her head to see that Oscar had come up beside her. She lowered her voice and said, “Why don’t you apologize to Professor Epson later for showing disrespect towards him? Professor Epson may make himself out to be magnanimous and say that he will forgive you but he’s actually very petty. Once the project succeeds, he will definitely go around saying that he’s better than Professor Anti, and you are going to be the evidence that he’ll use. Be careful not to let him make use of you.” 
After speaking, Oscar sighed. “You are ultimately just an exchange student, so you have to go back sooner or later. If you offend Anti, your studies won’t go smoothly in the future.” 
Nora: “…” 
Oscar had given her so many kind warnings that she didn’t quite know what to do anymore. 
Oscar explained, “Actually, I secretly really like Professor Anti because she’s so cool, but I can’t say that out loud. Even if Professor Epson succeeds in his experiment, I’m still not going to think that he’s really better than Professor Anti. It would be nice if I could meet Professor Anti even just once in this lifetime.” 
Then, Oscar sighed and added, “Unfortunately, there is probably no hope for that anymore because Professor Anti only took one postgraduate student under her wing. I really wonder who it is that’s so lucky…” Nora: “…” 
“You’ll meet her for sure,” she said. 
After all, they had already met. 
However, Oscar lowered her voice again and asked, “By the way, you must have already told Professor Anti that Professor Epson is carrying out this experiment, right?” 
“… Yeah, she knows about it.”
Oscar then asked, “T-then can you pass a message to Professor Anti for me?” 
“Sure.” 
Oscar sighed. “Actually, I admire her very much. A one-time failure doesn’t mean anything-after all, Professor Anti doesn’t specialize in pharmaceuticals; her forte is her surgical skill.” 
Now, Nora couldn’t concur with that. She coughed and said, “Anti… Professor Anti is actually even more skilled in her pharmaceutical knowledge than her surgical skills.” 
“Really?” 
Oscar was a little surprised. Although she did not quite understand why Nora would suddenly say something like that, she nevertheless said, “Well, that doesn’t matter. Even if Professor Anti is more skilled in pharmaceutical knowledge, I still believe this is just a one-time failure for her. I heard that many of the pills that Professor Anti created have already spread to Switzerland… She is still very awesome, no matter what. Now that Epson has beat her in something for once, he will definitely spread talk about how incompetent Professor Anti is. Do tell Professor Anti not to take it to heart…” 
“He won’t have the chance,” Nora replied. 
Her reply took Oscar by surprise. “What do you mean?” 
Nora’s lip corners curled into a smile. “I’m saying that Professor Epson won’t have the chance to do that.” 
Immediately after she spoke, one of the students at the computer with the experiment data exclaimed, “It has stopped! It reached 100%! The result… The result will be out in a moment!” 
“It’s out!” 
The next moment following their shouts, however, everyone suddenly fell silent. 
Oscar hurriedly tugged on Nora’s arm. “For the sake of the credits for Professor Epson’s class, just congratulate him…” 
Before she could finish, though, she heard someone exclaim in shock, “How… how can this be?” 
“Yeah, why did it fail?” 
Oscar: “” 
“No, this is impossible!” Epson let out a low bark. He hurriedly looked at the computer and said furiously, “Something must have gone wrong! Yes, that must be it! There’s no way it would fail! Re-upload it! Re- upload all data!” 
“Roger!” 
All the students nodded and re-uploaded all the data. 
Epson then clicked the Consolidate button. 
But five minutes later, the lab was still filled with silence, indicating that it was still unsuccessful! 
Epson still refused to believe it. He said, “Someone among you must have made a mistake in the data! Go and get it checked again, pronto! And upload it again within half an hour!” 
“Roger!” 
Following Professor Epson’s order, all the students once again threw themselves into the intense experiment.
Only Nora and Oscar stood in the corner by the side, one looking like she was waiting for some kind of result and the other looking a little lost-after all, at Oscar’s current level of knowledge, she couldn’t fully understand the experiment yet. 
Another hour passed. 
They uploaded the data once more but it still failed! 
Epson stared at his computer in disbelief. The students started to talk among themselves at this point. 
“What’s going on?” 
“Yeah, it’s so weird. What’s going on? 
“… It suddenly occurred to me that someone had once said that Anti has tried this idea before, but it unfortunately failed. Therefore, this particular hypothesis doesn’t work… We were too confident and got careless!” 
As soon as the student said that, though, Epson looked at her furiously. “How can that be? This is the only possible way! How can it fail? This doesn’t make sense, something must have gone wrong somewhere! But where? Where does the problem lie?” 
“This… Every line of data is extremely accurate, we have already confirmed it a dozen times and there really isn’t any problem. How could this have happened? What should we do?” 
“Yeah, the data is too strange!” 
While everyone was deep in thought, a low voice reached them. 
“It’s the third set, it can’t be integrated with the rest of the data. This problem is unsolvable.”
Everyone was contemplating the issue seriously, so when they heard this, they all looked at the computer. 
Sure enough, everyone discovered the problem. 
“How did it turn out like that?!” 
“It really is impossible to integrate this part into the rest of the data. In other words, our hypothesis was wrong from the beginning!” 
“Have we been doing pointless work this whole month?” 
“Professor Anti once said that this method will never work, but we simply refused to believe it and insisted on wasting a month to verify it…” 
Amid everyone kicking themselves over their actions, Epson held his head. “How can this happen? How?! This is impossible… I’m definitely better than Anti…” 
Seeing his reaction, the students hurriedly comforted him. “Professor Epson, y-you have done your best.” 
“Go away! Even if I’ve done my best, I still can’t accept this! This is a matter of academic dignity!” 
Epson’s eyes were fixed on the screen. 
No one realized that Nora was the one who had pointed out the problem just now. 
Oscar, who was standing beside Nora all this time, stared at her in shock. It wasn’t until then that she finally recovered and asked in astonishment, “How did you know that there is a problem with the third set of data?” 
“… Well, I have experienced this failure before,” replied Nora.
Oscar was stunned. A moment later, though, she suddenly realized something and said, “I see! Did you also participate in Anti’s experiment back at the NYU School of Medicine? That’s why you knew from the start that this experiment would never succeed!” 
“… You can say that,” Nora said. 
She had indeed been involved in her own experiment from the very beginning. 
But the moment she said that, a besotted look instead came over Oscar’s countenance. “Professor Anti is simply too amazing! As soon as she started the experiment, she noticed the problem and ended it. Gosh, I really wish I could meet her!” 
After speaking, she lowered her head and took out her cell phone. “What are you doing?” Nora asked. 
Oscar replied, “I’m going to search for photos of Anti… I want to see what she looks like!”
###Chapter 864
Nora: “…” 
When she saw Oscar really opening up her Internet browser and keying in the search term, she asked in surprise, “Haven’t you seen one before?” 
There were indeed news reports about her in the States, but she and Justin had deleted them from the Internet after each incidentafter all, she didn’t want to reveal her face. If one checked the news in time, they might still be able to catch a photo of her, but now… 
“Why aren’t there any pictures?” 
Oscar was surprised. “I heard that she trended on social media and was even in a tormented relationship with the richest man in America! I also heard that Anti has two children but I don’t know if it’s true or not.” 
Nora: “…” 
While they were chatting, Epson had completely forgotten the crisis that would come that night. Dejected and dispirited, he waved off the students around him and said, “Let’s all just go back for now!” 
The time… 
Nora checked the time it was exactly one o’clock in the morning. 
She stopped everyone and said, “We are in a time of crisis right now. If we split up at this time, we’ll be in even more danger. I think it’s better that we stay in the lab. This way, if something happens, at least we can work together…” 
Barbarian might be powerful but surely even he couldn’t attack all thirty-odd students in the lab, right?! 
SOnn
But as soon as she said that, Epson took his anger out on her. He snapped, “Murderer? What murderer?! The SWAT team is just trying to scare us! I told you, there is no murderer at all! You just want to stay here to laugh at me, right?” 
Nora: “?” 
His reaction frightened Oscar and she hid by the side. The rest of the students looked at Nora. 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Professor Epson, have you heard of a medical condition known as persecutory delusion? You seem to be suffering from it. Do you need me to contact a doctor for you?” 
Epson: “!” 
That woman didn’t even need to use swear words when she insulted someone! 
He pointed at Nora furiously and continued ranting. “Do you think I’ve lost to Anti just because my experiment was unsuccessful? If nothing else, she didn’t even try! When you look at it that way, I’m still better than her!” 
Nora: “…” 
She ignored the lunatic and looked at the students instead. She said, “It’s very cold outside right now and the police have already closed entry to the dorms a long time ago. Even if you leave, there’s nowhere for you to go. On the contrary, it’s safer here and the police have also stepped up security measures around the laboratory building. In my opinion, everyone should stay here until daybreak! But of course, all of you have the freedom to choose what you want to do.” Nora’s voice was filled with sarcasm when she mentioned “freedom”. 
Everyone looked at one another. In the end, Oscar took the lead and walked over to Nora. She said, “I… I’m staying.”
The rest were divided into two factions at once. Some approved of staying there for the time being but gave very grandiose reasons for their decision, of course. 
“Professor, our dorm has already closed, so we can’t go in now anyway. I don’t want to disturb the dorm supervisor, so I’ll just stay! I’ll just go back at five o’clock.” 
“Yeah, that’s right. I live relatively far away, Professor, so I won’t be going back, either.” 
There were also some who wanted to leave. 
“Hah, you are all cowards who allowed that woman to scare you! Professor Epson, I’ll go. I’m going back to the dorm now. Isn’t it more comfortable to go back and sleep on a comfy bed instead?” 
IIII 
Everyone quickly split into two factions. However, only two male students left with Professor Epson in the end. 
Epson looked at his favorite students and then at the rest. He snorted and said, “What a bunch of cowards! How are people like you going to create miracles for the pharmaceutical industry? You don’t even have the courage to go back to your rooms! You’re not suitable for carrying out research with me at all!” 
After scolding them, Epson sneered. “Let’s 
go!” 
“Okay.” 
The two students followed Epson. One even said, “Professor, we’ll walk you back to the staff dormitory before we go back!”
“Good going!” After the three men’s voices gradually faded into the distance, Nora and the rest of the students each found a comfortable spot in the laboratory, planning to leave once dawn broke. 
— 
Epson and the two students entered the elevator. 
Because of the failed experiment, Epson was pulling a long face and had a very serious expression. He stared straight ahead of him, his eyes behind his glasses full of anger and embarrassment. 
The two students standing behind him echoed his opinion and comforted him. They said, “Professor Epson, you don’t have to care about them! They are all cowards!” 
“Professor Epson, you don’t have to worry about the experiment’s failure… This method may not have worked, but at least we ruled out the possibility, which is also a kind of proof of the theory. We have still made a contribution to the pharmaceutical industry!” 
“Professor Epson, although Anti had already proposed a year ago that this direction doesn’t really work, she did not carry out the experiment. Instead, we reached the final step and proved that this direction indeed doesn’t work. Academics should have the spirit of getting to the bottom of things. From this point alone, you are much better than Professor Anti! At the very least, when she discovered obstacles, she did not overcome them but chose to give up instead. She is too lacking in the spirit of scientific research!” 
Each of the two was more eloquent than the other and their coaxing gradually made the awful look on Epson’s face turn for the better. 
However, they completely didn’t realize the fallacy in their words. 
If one already knew that the path led to a dead-end, then why waste time researching
it? 
However, they weren’t going to bring that up at this time. 
Instead, they began to ridicule the others. 
“The Americans are so timid, they don’t have the courage or spirit to forge new ground at all. It’s just like how Lisa believed the SWAT’S claims. Besides, even if a murderer really comes, will the three of us men be unable to beat him in a fight when he’s all alone? Hah, but they simply insist on getting through those four hours in the lab instead. They are so stupid!” 
Epson even scoffed sarcastically and said, “What murderer? I think he’s probably just a burglar or a robber. Professor Mayer was probably just killed because he was too thin and weak. Not only do I exercise every day, but the two of you are also so strong and well-built. If we run into a murderer, let’s just catch them and throw them in the SWAT’s face! This way, we can even put an awful look on their faces!” 
The two students nodded in agreement again. 
By then, the trio had reached the ground floor. 
They walked out of the elevator with big smiles, ready to exit the laboratory building. None of them noticed the man in black standing in a corner in the dark. 
He had nearly blended with the night. 
Only a pair of eyes glowed red in the dark. 
– 
Upstairs.
After Epson and the two students left, everyone found a corner suitable for themselves and got ready to rest. 
At this time, someone suddenly asked, “Will Professor Epson hold a grudge against us and refuse to give us credits for this subject because we chose to stay?” 
“Surely not…?” 
“Actually, when you think about it, it doesn’t really seem that scary. The murderer they were talking about did not appear at all. Maybe all this really is a joke like what Epson said!” 
“People will only mock us and call us cowards if we stay here. That exchange student is too timid. The moment there’s any sign of trouble, she immediately tells us to stay and not go out… Just how much does she cherish her life?!” 
“I also think that we have been misled by Lisa. I suddenly regret staying, I should have left with Professor Epson just now…” 
Of course, apart from these people with 20/20 hindsight, there were also those who defended Nora. 
“Why didn’t you say that back then? What does this have to do with Lisa? You made your own choice, so don’t blame it on others!” 
“Exactly. Besides, the police have been making a ruckus in school. That officer was so absolute when she said that she would leave if nothing happens by tomorrow, which means that something is definitely wrong! What’s the big deal about us staying here? It’s just four hours, is it so hard to get through that? I didn’t see you guys complaining this much when we were doing experiments overnight!” When the person who blamed the situation on Nora heard the people defending her, he got up and retorted, “What’s wrong with me griping a little? Why are you being so protective of her? Is it because she’s pretty? Is that why you developed protective feelings for her? Heh, if you have the time to have tender,
protective feelings for the fairer sex, then why don’t you think about how to appease Professor Epson’s anger instead?!” 
The few who defended Nora happened to be male. It wasn’t that they had developed tender, protective feelings for the fairer sex, rather, there were only a pitifully small number of girls in the laboratory. Including Oscar and Nora, there were only four. 
The other two had kept quiet, that’s all. 
Seeing that they were going overboard with their words, Oscar immediately said, “That’s enough, you guys! Lisa is an exchange student, you know. Are you planning to have her tell everyone after she returns to the US that this is how we treat exchange students at Staav University? Where is your mettle as a student of Staav University? Have you forgotten the school motto?” 
Oscar’s words calmed both parties down. 
The boy who had blamed Nora said, “Fine, I was wrong, but I really shouldn’t have offended Professor Epson. He is famous for being petty. It’s clear that we stayed behind because we were afraid that something would go wrong, but actually, with so many of us here, even if a murderer does show up, what’s there to be afraid of?” 
As soon as he said this, the rest nodded. “Yeah, what’s there to be afraid of? Come on, let’s go. If we hurry and catch up with Professor Epson, we may still be able to salvage a bit of our image. We can go back to our respective dorms later…” 
Two-thirds of the remaining students got up in an instant. “Yeah, sounds good. Let’s go back to the dorms. This place gets really cold in the middle of the night, even with the heater on! The laboratory building is old after all, it was freezing the last two days.”
“Yeah, let’s go together. Even if we run into the murderer, I reckon our numbers will scare him sh*tless. We’re no wimps… Besides, the murderer may not even exist!” 
Everyone headed to the exit as they spoke. 
However, it was at this moment that someone opened the door from the outside! 
Immediately after, one of the students who had left with Professor Epson just now appeared at the entrance. 
The student who had criticized Nora just now immediately said, “Why are you back? We were just planning to go after you guys…” 
But before he could finish, the student slumped right onto the floor!
###Chapter 865
Thud! 
The student fell straight to the floor, causing everyone to take a step back in shock. 
It was also at this time that they realized that he was bleeding at the back of his head. Then, a strong and well-built man dressed fully in black, wearing a baseball cap and a black face mask, walked in. 
He was not strong and muscular in the traditional sense, where one had bulging muscles and was big, tall, and mighty. Rather, he had a tall and slender figure but every muscle on his body seemed to be just right. 
Although one couldn’t see what he looked like, there was ferocity and savagery in his eyes. 
Nora was certain that he was Barbarian pretty much right off the bat! 
She had met him in the room with the safe-deposit boxes in the Bank of New York back then. 
Nora held her breath and clenched her fists. 
IA 
Barbarian had someone in his grip. With a light push, he pushed Epson into the laboratory. Epson looked in horror at the student’s dead body on the floor and swallowed hard. 
The rest of the students screamed and retreated in panic. 
The four girls hid at the back. In fact, the other two were already hiding under the testbed. They huddled under the table as they shook in fear. 
While Nora was observing Barbarian, Oscar pulled her by the arm and she hid under the table together with Oscar.
Oscar was shaking all over, her fearful and horror-stricken eyes big and wide. She gestured to Nora to keep quiet. 
She actually remembered to pull her to safety at a critical moment like this… 
Nora formed a bit of a good impression of Oscar. 
Oscar took out her cell phone, typed on it, and showed the screen to Nora: “Don’t make a sound. Don’t be afraid, the police are nearby. They will definitely come to save us!” 
Nora: “…” 
When she looked up, she saw that even though Oscar was clearly terrified, she still nodded affirmatively at her as though she was trying to give her confidence. 
She cast her eyes down and looked out through the gap under the table. 
Epson’s arms were raised and he swallowed. The door to the laboratory had already been shut by then. Barbarian stood at the door, his eyes quietly observing everything in the room. He stared straight at Epson and said slowly, “The gene serum.” 
His voice was very low and deep. Additionally, the man spoke very briefly and concisely. It seemed like he was a very reticent man. 
Epson was taken aback. He said, “What gene serum? I… I don’t know…” 
Barbarian stepped forward abruptly and grabbed his wrist. To outsiders, it seemed like he had only exerted a little force, but Epson immediately cried out in pain. By the time Barbarian let go, his hand had already slumped down loosely, his wrist obviously broken. 
Epson fell to the floor and rolled around in pain. None of the students beside him dared to step forward.
Barbarian spoke again. “Tell me everything about the gene serum.” 
He spoke very slowly, just like how he had back in the States. 
Epson waved and hurriedly explained, “I really don’t know anything about a gene serum or whatnot. Can you be reasonable? I am just an unimportant little professor, how would I possibly know about such big things?!” 
Barbarian frowned. 
His red eyes were filled with suspicion. 
Nora noticed that Barbarian didn’t seem to know what to say but he suddenly turned his head as though he was listening to a voice in his earphone. 
Thereupon, Barbarian suddenly understood something. He walked over immediately and asked, “Which file in the archives is related to the gene serum?” 
Epson wanted to cry. He replied, “I really don’t know. The files in the archives are all accessible. If you want to know, I can check them out for you… But I’ve never heard of the gene serum or whatever you’re talking about…” 
“You’re lying!” 
Barbarian was very hot-tempered. Just like in the US back then, he got violent the moment he didn’t get the answer he wanted. He kicked Epson, sending him flying. It wasn’t until he crashed into a chair that he finally came to a stop. 
The kick made Epson cough up a mouthful of blood.
“Ahh!” 
The girl squatting at the table nearby screamed in fright, attracting Barbarian’s attention. 
Barbarian turned his head and looked over. 
The rest of the students gathered. A boy suddenly said, “A-are you the serial killer? Do you know that there are thirty of us here?! You can’t beat us alone! You…” 
Before he could finish, Barbarian suddenly fished out a silver pistol from his pocket and shot his knee. 
Bang! 
The boy fell to his knees. 
With that, the others finally realized just how strong he was. Putting aside his physical strength that could send one flying with a single kick, just his gun alone already meant that none of them was a match for him. 
Just as they were in a panic, Barbarian suddenly looked at Epson again. “Are you sure… you don’t know anything about the gene serum?” 
Epson was curled up on the floor in pain. When he heard the question, he nodded hurriedly. “I really don’t know anything, I…” 
Bang! 
Another gunshot rang out. 
Barbarian shot another student.
The man, whose eyes were blood-red, said, “If you really can’t remember, then I can get them to jog your memory a little.” 
Epson: “!” 
His eyes widened and he shouted furiously, “They are students! They don’t know anything! C-come at me if you want something! Don’t go after them!” 
Barbarian narrowed his eyes a little. He turned his head sideways again, likely listening to Spacey’s instructions. The next moment, he held up the pistol and pointed it at another student. “Will you talk or not?” 
Nora, who was hiding under the table, was already clenching her fists. 
She was not Barbarian’s match… nor was she a police officer. However, when she saw Epson, someone who was usually awfully bad-tempered, protecting his students, for some reason, an impetuous feeling suddenly surged up in her. 
She cast her eyes down and lightly expelled a breath of air. 
She was no saint. 
She had waited here for Barbarian so that she could find out what his intentions were, and also to get a clear look at his movements, so as to prepare for the retrieval of File No. 004 later on. 
Now that she had discovered that Barbarian only knew that the gene serum was in Staav University but didn’t know anything else, she was relieved. 
She really shouldn’t be going out there at this time. 
Firstly, Barbarian was armed. Not only was she not his match in the first place, but she would probably even be shot in the head the moment she showed herself.
Secondly, there were more than thirty students present. If Barbarian beat up or killed them one by one, she reckoned that the police would probably break in before it was even her turn. With that, she could also leave the laboratory safely. 
In fact, if she didn’t show herself, Barbarian might not even know that she was here… let alone fight with her for File No. 004. She could quietly leave with the antidote. 
Either way, no matter how one looked at it, this was the best course of action. 
But when she saw Barbarian pointing his gun at a student again, Nora narrowed her eyes.
###Chapter 866
To be honest, Nora didn’t feel much of a sense of belonging to the people here. 
Moreover, they had even disregarded her kind intentions and refused to heed her advice. One could say that they had only themselves to blame for their predicament. 
If Epson and the two students hadn’t left, the door to the lab would have been locked. Even someone like Barbarian would have had to put in some work to get in and they would definitely have held out until the police came. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked at Barbarian coldly. 
Just as Barbarian was about to pull the trigger again, Epson suddenly said, “Fine, I’ll talk! I’ll talk! Don’t shoot!” 
Nora stopped what she was about to do and shrank back. She looked at Epson in surprise. 
Did Epson have clues to the gene serum? 
How could that be?! 
She broke into a huge frown. The next moment, she saw Barbarian, whose eyes had also lit up, look at Epson. 
A pathetic-looking Epson got up from the floor. He was terrified to the extreme by then and his voice trembled as he said, “I know where the thing you are looking for is!” 
Barbarian stepped forward abruptly and grabbed his collar. “Where is it?” 
Epson took a deep breath and slowly said, “I know what you are looking for and I can tell you what you want, but you must promise not to hurt these students! They are innocent!”
Barbarian sneered. “I don’t care about those worthless people.” 
Epson swallowed. 
He looked at Barbarian and spoke again. “I hope you keep your word. But in order to ensure the students’ safety, I will only tell you what you want to know after they have all left!” 
Barbarian: “?” 
He subconsciously wanted to agree to the request, but a low voice came from his earphone at this point and Barbarian kept quiet. A moment later, he sneered and said, “You are in no position to negotiate with me. Tell me what I want to know immediately!” 
Epson frowned. “I…” 
Bang! 
Barbarian shot another student’s thigh! 
The bullet struck the student’s femoral artery and he fell to the floor at once, his blood spreading all over it! 
“Okay, I’ll talk!” 
Epson didn’t dare to delay any longer. He said, “What you want is in the archives! File No. 004!” 
Barbarian sneered, “Why should I believe 
you?” 
Epson took a deep breath and replied, “File No. 004 is a top-secret document and even I can’t access it. The gene serum you mention can only be this document! That’s all I know!”
After he spoke, for fear that Barbarian would shoot again, he said, “The archives are built from the sturdiest material invented by the school. Without my pupils to unlock the door, you won’t be able to get in, so don’t kill these students! Otherwise, I won’t help you!” 
At the critical moment, Epson exhibited the demeanor he should have as a teacher. 
Barbarian glanced at him and then at the terrified students in the room. He sneered and said in a low voice, “A bunch of cowards! Absolutely boring!” 
Then, he grabbed Epson and ordered, “Come to the archives with me!” 
Epson breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay, I’ll go with you!” 
After speaking, he looked back at the students in the laboratory. He hurt everywhere from being beaten up just now and he was shaking all over in fear. However, he still said in a trembling voice, “S-stay here and don’t move around, all of you. Get a doctor to treat their injuries immediately…” 
love 
After leaving instructions, he took step after step to the door while Barbarian pulled him. 
He was limping a little from being beaten up. 
Maybe because Barbarian found him too slow, he grabbed his collar and half-dragged him to the door. However, Epson didn’t put up any resistance. 
The students couldn’t help but call out, “Professor…” 
Epson stopped
He turned back slowly. 
The students looked at him. 
There was usually fear in the students’ eyes when they worked under him for his experiments. Most of them were with him just for credits and to successfully complete their degree. 
He relied on such things to control the students and make them show him a great deal of respect. 
But at this moment, Epson found that the look in the students’ eyes had changed. 
Their eyes were filled with sentiment, much like cubs looking at their mother who had to leave in order to protect them… 
Epson knew that he was most likely going to be out of luck once he left. He suddenly said, “I may have lost to Anti in my experiment, but as a teacher, I didn’t lose to her, right?” 
Nora, who was still hiding behind the desk, was taken aback. 
The students’ eyes instantly reddened. 
Oscar was also stunned and she couldn’t recover for a long while. 
For a while, none of the students in the room spoke. 
Barbarian would never give Epson time to talk nonsense, so without waiting for the students’ replies, he dragged Epson out of the lab. 
After they left, the students in the lab instantly relaxed. 
At this time, the sound of the police confronting Barbarian outside also reached them. One could vaguely hear Barbarian holding Epson hostage and moving toward the archives.
Some police officers also rushed into the laboratory and administered first aid to the students who were shot… 
The students were in a mess. 
Some were so scared that they burst into tears while some huddled together as they trembled. Everyone seemed to be in shock… 
It was at this moment that someone suddenly said, “Professor Epson…” 
As soon as the person spoke, choked sobs echoed in the room. 
Oscar also murmured to herself blankly, “I always thought of Professor Epson as a bad teacher. He is mean, his credits are hard to earn, he has awfully high expectations of students, and he is extremely arrogant and keeps harping about being rivals with Anti.. But actually, Professor Epson is a good teacher…” 
A lot of them shared Oscar’s sentiments… 
Nora, however, took a deep breath and darted out of the door while the students were in turmoil! 
Epson had told Barbarian about File No. 004 and they had gone to look for clues. 
If she went over a step too slow, it was highly likely that the clues would be taken away by Barbarian! 
The thought made Nora speed up her movements even further. 
As soon as she approached the archives, she saw that the police were already in formation outside. Brenda was shouting into the archives, “Barbarian! You have been surrounded! Put down your weapons and come out at once!” 
However, inside the room, Barbarian turned a deaf ear to the noise outside.
His eyes were on the wall filled with files. 
The door was closed and the police would not be coming in for a while. 
He threw Epson aside. After confirming that he couldn’t walk, he walked up to the wall in the archives and counted them in order. 
The files on biogenetics were on the left. 
He strode over, whereupon he immediately spotted File No. 004 sitting there quietly! 
Barbarian’s hands were shaking. He gently opened the door…
###Chapter 867
A vigilant Barbarian kept his eyes peeled. 
Back in the US, he had opened the safe only to find a bomb inside. 
He had nearly died in the US. 
Instead of rushing up to it recklessly, this time, he opened it gently and looked at the filing cabinet warily. 
The filing cabinet was even more complex and secure than the bank’s interior, which went to show just how rich and solid Staav University’s history and foundation were. Their level of protection towards these unpublished intellectual properties was at the peak! 
There were no bombs or hidden weapons inside, probably to prevent injuring students if they accidentally opened it. 
However, this made Barbarian feel that everything had come too easily. 
At this time, Nora had already gone around the laboratory to a window. The windows here were made of bulletproof glass and it wasn’t easy to open them. 
They were just there to let light into the room. One couldn’t get in by tampering with the windows. 
Nora squatted down quietly. 
The glass was originally meant to be a means of protection for the archives but it had instead become a barrier. She could only look in, in hopes of verifying File No. 004’s authenticity. 
She saw Barbarian cautiously take out a box from the filing cabinet. When he opened it and glanced inside, his eyes lit up.
He carefully put the box into a pouch. Then, he took out bandages and tied them around himself to prevent the contents from falling out when he charged out of the archives later. 
He wrapped the bandages around nearly a dozen times before he threw the tape aside. 
Then, he looked at Epson coldly. 
Epson was hurting all over. He had been beaten up, and while they were walking over, he was so terrified that he had gone limp all over. He couldn’t even stand. 
Seeing that he had found what he was after, Epson asked, “You have what you want now. C-can I go?” 
Barbarian, however, lowered his eyes and sneered contemptuously. The man seemed like someone who rarely spoke and his voice was as cold and ruthless as ever as he replied, “How am I supposed to get away without a hostage?” 
One could only enter and leave the archives through the door; everywhere else was securely sealed. It was indeed true that he would only be able to leave through the door… 
After Barbarian had what he wanted, he grabbed Epson and headed out. 
When they reached the door, Barbarian put his pistol against Epson’s temple and made him stand in front of him. Only then did he open the door and walk out. 
As soon as he did, he saw Brenda leading a group of SWAT officers nearby. She looked at him warily and said, “Barbarian, you’d best put down your weapon and surrender. Do you really think you can break through all of us here?” 
Upon hearing this, Barbarian narrowed his eyes and hoisted Epson slightly again. “If you want him dead, then come and catch me!” 
His words made Brenda’s brows draw together.
Epson looked at Brenda. By then, his face was already covered with tears. 
Next to Brenda, Aaron gritted his teeth and said, “Captain Brenda, who cares about his hostage? We had already told that guy that it was dangerous, yet he still insisted on carrying out his experiments. Anyway, he has already signed the liability waiver agreement, so even if he dies, it has nothing to do with us. Let’s go!” 
Aaron had been holding back his desire to avenge his comrade-in-arms for a long time now! 
Barbarian’s whereabouts were simply too hard to get hold of. 
Even now, despite the two parties being in such close proximity, Barbarian was still neatly dressed and his body fully covered. Even at this point, they still didn’t even know what he really looked like! 
Now that they had finally found leads on Barbarian after tracking him for so long, how could he give up?! 
Upon hearing what Aaron said, Epson was full of regrets. Tears streamed down his face as he sobbed. “I was wrong, I really was. Captain Brenda, I should have trusted you guys… I’m the one who caused this whole situation today, it’s all my fault…” 
Immediately after he spoke, Epson suddenly lowered his head and bit down hard on Barbarian’s hand! 
He knew that the SWAT officers did not care whether he lived or died! 
There was no use complaining about them either. The only thing he could do now was to seek a way out himself. 
Sure enough, the instant he suddenly lowered his head, the pain made Barbarian push him away.
As the two were standing at the door to the archives, Barbarian’s push sent Epson back into the archives. Epson, who had finally regained freedom of movement, was so terrified that he ran straight into the archives. As he did, he even searched for cover. 
“Go!” 
Brenda’s eyes lit up at once when she saw that Epson was temporarily out of danger. She shouted, “Charge!!” 
Then, she paused for merely a second before she added, “Take him down, dead or alive!” 
Sometimes, in order to catch the fugitive alive, the police would act with scruples, but in Barbarian’s case… they had long since wanted him dead! 
The very instant she said that, everyone raised their submachine guns and started spraying bullets at Barbarian! 
This was what entered Nora’s sight after she went around the archives and came over. 
The ground floor was nearly surrounded by the SWAT team and they had even prepared large-caliber guns. There was probably no way out for Barbarian this time! 
However, she was afraid that the V16 in Barbarian’s possession would end up damaged. 
She wanted to rush forward and stop Brenda’s barrage of gunfire but it seemed that Barbarian had expected all this. 
Since he had already decided to come to the school to steal the V16 and even put the SWAT team on alert long ago, how would he possibly come straight over so stupidly? He was obviously prepared. When Epson fled, he hadn’t immediately tried to shoot him. Instead, he took out a smoke bomb and hurled it onto the floor.
As a result, there was a cloud of smoke in front of the SWAT team when Brenda gave her orders. Without a target, everyone could only recklessly rake the area with bullets. 
“Charge!” 
Brenda took the lead and rushed over, but then she suddenly heard Epson scream. 
She didn’t spare Epson even a glance. After weaving through the smoke, she caught a flash of Barbarian darting into the fire escape at the side! 
Brenda picked up her walkie-talkie at once. “Close off the emergency exits on all floors and launch a carpet search!” 
As long as Barbarian was still in the building, he would never be able to escape! 
Brenda was not anxious. She mustn’t disperse her forces and spread herself thin, so she would keep her men with her and go after him step by step! 
When Nora saw Barbarian rushing into the corridor and Brenda also charging in with a group of SWAT officers, without any hesitation, she ran to the elevator nearby and immediately pressed the button for the top floor. 
Brenda and company chased after Barbarian upwards from the bottom. 
Also, while she was running to the elevator, she picked up her cell phone and activated the building’s security system, instantly locking all the emergency exits leading in and out of the fire escape! 
By making use of Staav University’s security system, she saved Brenda and the other SWAT officers a whole lot of trouble. 
With this, Barbarian could only go up and down the fire escape. He couldn’t enter the main building through the fire escape’s emergency exits.
Because… she had locked all of them. 
Nora then entered the elevator and pressed the button for the top floor. 
As the elevator door slowly closed, she saw that the archives were on fire. However, with the police helping to put it out, Epson would only suffer burns at most. His life wouldn’t be in danger. 
She slowly lowered her gaze and waited to welcome her V16.
###Chapter 868
The elevator went up quickly to the top floor. 
As the archives building had been sealed off and no one was allowed to enter that night, the elevator didn’t make any stops the whole way and it went up extremely quickly. No matter how fast Barbarian was, he wasn’t going to be faster than the elevator. 
Therefore, when Nora came out of the elevator, Barbarian had only just reached the halfway mark at best. 
She looked down. 
At Staav University, the building with the archives was the tallest and it had as many as fifty floors. It stood out among all the buildings in the schools and was the hallmark of Staav University. 
This particular high-rise building had brought Staav University its success, so all the important things were kept here. 
At the top of the building, the wind whistled loudly. It was as if one would be blown away the moment they looked away. 
Nora’s gaze swept across the ground floor. Nearly all the police forces in the entire school had congregated downstairs and surrounded the building. With this, unless Barbarian could fly, there was no way he could escape. 
And obviously, flying was impossible. 
No matter how much human genes were improved, they would never be able to reach that point. 
Therefore, it was inevitable that Barbarian would be arrested today.
Nora withdrew her gaze, took a deep breath, and walked to the stairs at the side. She opened the door and headed down the stairs to wait for Barbarian. 
She stopped after only going down two to three floors. She stood there and listened to the sounds gradually traveling up from below. 
Barbarian was physically very fit, so it was good to have him climb the stairs for a few more floors and burn some of his stamina. 
Nora stood where she was with her cat-like eyes lowered and held her breath. 
About two minutes later, she finally heard heavy footsteps. 
She leaned against the wall and looked down quietly. The lights in the stairwell were all motion-sensitive, so the lights on each floor came on one by one as Barbarian rushed to the top. 
Nora lurked in the dark quietly and watched as the lights below slowly came further and further up. At last, Barbarian reached the floor right below her! 
After such a hike, even though the SWAT officers led by Brenda were all physically very fit, they ultimately couldn’t catch up with Barbarian, whose genes had been improved. They were about five floors away from him. 
The sound of gunfire downstairs traveled upwards constantly. Bullets hit the walls, causing dust to fall. 
When she heard Barbarian’s footsteps coming from below, Nora pressed her back even closer to the wall. The instant Barbarian finally turned around and was about to rush up…! 
Nora got up abruptly, propped her hand against the handrail of the stairs, and propelled herself forward. She shot forward like a leopard, her leg kicking towards Barbarian!
The whole way up, Barbarian had only been on guard against the gunfire from below. He never expected someone to attack from above, so he was stunned. 
lea 
However, his genetically-improved body had long since reached the limits of the human body. 
His brain might not have reacted yet, but his body, with its keen senses, responded instinctively. He suddenly balled up his fists, held his arms up in front of him in self-defense, and received the kick that Nora had delivered with all her strength! 
Thud! 
The sound of bodies making contact resounded. Nora’s full-powered kick ultimately still forced Barbarian to take a couple of steps backward and he came to a stop at once. 
The lights came on. 
When Barbarian got a good look at Nora, his red eyes immediately revealed bloodthirsty murderous intent. He sneered and said, “After Justin Hunt played those tricks on me in America, you also came here to ambush me. The two of you husband and wife are really two of a kind and incredibly insidious!” 
“Thanks for the compliment.” 
Nora steadily stood where she was with a calm expression on her face. She saw that Brenda and her men were about to rush upstairs toward them, so she immediately said, “Hand it over, and I’ll let you through to the top.” 
Barbarian sneered at her mockingly. “Your husband may have a chance of stopping me for a moment, but you? You actually dare to threaten me?” 
His gaze fell on Nora’s leg. “If I’m not wrong, your leg must be numb by now.”
Nora’s leg was indeed numb. 
Out of everything she had seen so far, Barbarian’s physical constitution was truly one of a kind! 
Even if she trained hard, she probably still wouldn’t be able to achieve a physical condition like his. 
Humans repeatedly trained and stimulated their muscles precisely to get closer and closer to the limits of what was humanly possible. However, Barbarian had undergone genetic modifications since he was a child; his body was the limit of human potential itself! 
Despite that, Nora still looked relaxed. “I know you are very strong, but no matter how powerful you are, you are still human. In the face of an all-out firearms assault, your body is not worth even a mention!” 
The firearms invented by human beings could instantly kill even an elephant, let alone Barbarian? 
In order to catch Barbarian, Brenda had deployed a lot of firepower this time! 
Even if Barbarian was wearing a bulletproof vest, there was no way he could withstand so many attacks. 
Barbarian narrowed his eyes. As he listened to the approaching footsteps from below, he let out a low bark. “You must be sick of living!” 
He rushed forward mercilessly at once. Instead of trying to break through with brute force, this time, he brandished a pistol. Just as he was about to shoot Nora, his arm suddenly went numb! 
Barbarian lowered his head abruptly to see a silver needle stuck into his arm. 
He raised his head sharply again. Nora was still standing where she was as though she hadn’t moved. A silver glint, however, flashed across her fingertips-obviously, she was the one who had shot the needle at him.
Barbarian frowned and sneered again. “Do you think a mere needle can take me down? Even if it can penetrate my bulletproof vest, what can it do to me? You are just an ant trying to do things beyond your power!” 
As he spoke, he tried to raise his arm once more-only to find that it had become completely numb. His fingers were also not as nimble anymore… 
Seeing this, Nora finally took a deep breath. She continued to stay far away from him as she slowly said, “Yes, a needle isn’t muchbut what if it’s coated with tranquilizers?” 
On top of that, it was a dose capable of knocking out an elephant. 
Nora had never dared to underestimate her opponent. Back in the States, she’d already had a taste of how powerful Barbarian was. Even when she and Justin had joined forces, they were unable to force Barbarian back in the slightest! 
Therefore, back when Brenda confirmed that Barbarian was here, she had already made full preparations. 
Otherwise, why would she come up here all by herself to intercept him? She wasn’t stupid. 
Wouldn’t she be tempting fate for nothing if she did? 
Barbarian tried his best to move his fingers again but found that they had indeed become a lot stiffer. In fact, with his movements, the numbness had spread to his entire arm… 
If this went on, the tranquilizer would soon spread throughout his entire body as blood circulated through his arteries. 
The sound of Brenda and the others chasing after him traveled up from below again at this time—they had already caught up!
Barbarian, who didn’t have time to fire at Nora anymore, wanted to rush up the stairs right away. 
“I’d advise you not to move.” 
Nora said impassively, “The more intense your actions, the faster your blood flows and the quicker the tranquilizer will take effect…” 
Barbarian: “!” 
His senses were very keen. He could already feel the numbness starting to spread from his arm to the rest of his limbs… He couldn’t move anymore! 
As soon as Barbarian discovered this, he heard the thin woman standing above say coldly and lazily, “Oh, wait, you’ve already had intense exercise when you were climbing the stairs just now, so blood was already circulating through your arteries more quickly than usual. Therefore, you probably can’t move anymore by now, right?” 
Barbarian: “!” 
No matter how slow Barbarian might be, at this moment, he finally understood-he had been fooled! 
When the woman was advising him against moving and whatnot just now, she had merely been stalling for time. 
He glared at Nora furiously. 
Nora, however, waited for another two seconds. She couldn’t afford to wait for Brenda and the others to reach because their firepower would turn Barbarian into swiss cheese and end up destroying the V16! 
Therefore, after calculating the time, she came up to Barbarian from upstairs. With her needle as a blade, she made a quick slash, cutting through the bandages that Barbarian had tied firmly around himself, and took the black box!!
###Chapter 869
Bang! Bang! Bang! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! 
The sound of gunfire and footsteps rushed all the way up. Brenda showed up below them, only a flight of stairs away. 
After Nora got the V16, she quickly backed away… 
As for Barbarian, who had killed so many people, even if he was reduced to pulp by Brenda and company’s firepower, it had nothing to do with Nora. 
Nora wasn’t going to be a saint and think of Barbarian as a pitiful soul who had been forced into this. 
It might be true that he had become what he was today because he had been used as an experimental subject when he was a child, but no matter the reason, it was no excuse for him to take other people’s lives at will! 
Therefore, after Nora got the black box, she immediately stepped back to put distance between herself and Barbarian. However, it was right at this moment that Barbarian moved! 
This didn’t make sense though, because Nora had been planning for today for a long time. The silver needle might seem tiny but the amount of tranquilizer on it was absolutely capable of knocking out even an elephant! 
However, Barbarian hadn’t been knocked out. 
All of that just now was just an act. No… Perhaps he had indeed been paralyzed for an instant-or perhaps he had been paralyzed all the way until this moment—but regardless, just as Brenda rushed up and Nora took the V16 from him, Barbarian attacked! 
His pistol had dropped onto the floor because of the paralysis.
Without a gun, he lunged at Nora’s wrist at lightning-fast speed and sneered. “As it happens, I don’t have a hostage with me at the moment!” 
In other words, he was going to take Nora hostage! 
This way, even if Brenda and the others rushed up there, they could no longer bombard him with firepower. 
Barbarian moved very quickly. Moreover, having successfully paralyzed him just now, anyone would be caught off-guard, no matter who they were. Once he succeeded, the V16 would still be his, and on top of that, he would even gain a hostage to save his life with! 
Barbarian had it all planned out but all he grabbed was air. 
Nora, who should have been nearby, was already two steps away from him at this moment, which happened to be just enough for her to escape his clutches! 
Nora couldn’t beat Barbarian in a fight. 
She had known that a long time ago. In fact, when she was in the States, she had even suffered at his hands because of it. Even when she and Justin had joined forces, they were still no match for Barbarian. 
Therefore! 
Even if she had already prepared the needle and the tranquilizer, Nora would never make the mistake of underestimating the enemy again. 
Thus, whether Barbarian was really paralyzed or just pretending, Nora was ready to flee the moment she got the V16. 
Even so, despite having prepared for it in advance, Barbarian had nearly caught her.
Nora was greatly alarmed. 
No wonder Brenda and the others couldn’t catch Barbarian even after so many years. That man was simply too strong. 
If it weren’t for the fact that the tranquilizer had indeed taken some effect and slowed Barbarian’s movements a little, she would still have been caught! It didn’t matter that she had made so many preparations and how vigilant she had been. 
She was simply too lucky to even have gotten away by the skin of her teeth. 
Nora thought to herself while she fled up the stairs quickly. 
She didn’t dare to let her imagination run wild anymore-because Barbarian was already chasing after her madly after missing 
once. 
Nora ran up with all her might. Once she reached the top floor where the field of vision was wide, she would only need to persevere for a minute… no, in just ten seconds or so, Brenda and the others would be able to hurry over and bombard him with firepower! 
However, she was still a little uneasy because Barbarian’s movements were simply too fast. The man had climbed more than 50 floors without a pause and had even been hit with tranquilizers, yet he was maintaining a speed equal to hers! 
The two kept running with three steps between them the whole time… 
Nora went upstairs quickly, not daring to waste any time at all. Just as she was about to sprint over to a safe position she had in her sight, she suddenly heard a voice. 
“This way!”
The sudden voice on the top floor startled Nora. 
She turned her head sharply. In the split second that this took, Barbarian caught up with Nora and threw a punch at the back of her head! 
After going up the last two floors, the tranquilizer in Barbarian’s body seemed to have dissipated. He had overcome it quickly. His powerful physical constitution left Nora flabbergasted! 
No matter how well-prepared she was, in the face of Barbarian, strength was what gave one the last say! 
And he had never been one to be reasonable! 
Nora could feel the punch coming toward the back of her head but her body seemed locked in place. Just when she could no longer break free… 
Someone suddenly lunged toward her from the side! 
Bam! 
The man blocked the blow for Nora with his body, which sent him flying and he fell heavily on the floor. 
With the V16 in her hand, Nora didn’t dare to do anything. She only did a tuck-and-roll and put some distance between herself and Barbarian. Then she looked at the man eagerly. 
She thought that Justin had finally come. 
After all, it had been a long time since that scumbag last appeared. On top of that, he hadn’t even contacted her. 
However, she knew that Justin must be nearby and constantly paying attention to the V16!
But when she took a good look, the man who couldn’t get back up anymore after Barbarian knocked him to the ground with a punch was actually… Caleb? 
“It’s you?” 
Barbarian, who was also clearly taken aback, uttered in surprise. 
Caleb, who had collapsed on the floor, spat out a mouthful of blood. 
The man, who had cancer, didn’t have long to live, in the first place. The punch seemed to have hit his lungs, causing him to cough violently. Nevertheless, he still tried his best to speak. “Barbarian… cough… Long time… cough… no see… Cough, cough… It’s not too late… to repent… cough, cough…” 
“To hell with repenting!” 
Barbarian seemed a little bemused. “You and I are in the same boat. You should be hating people like them who didn’t take our lives seriously. Yet you are defending her?!” 
Caleb suppressed the metallic taste of blood in his mouth and replied, “She is also in the same boat as us. Her mother had experimented on her too!” “How is it the same?” 
Barbarian was furious. “The injection her mother gave her was safe. It’s a gene serum with an antidote, she’s fine! But how many of us have died?” 
Upon hearing this, Caleb started to cough again. He said, “But she’s only after the V16 to save her son, he has also been used as an experimental subject. Isn’t that enough?” 
“No, it’s not!” Barbarian stared at Caleb. “How can that make up for those 1,000 children who died in the lab back then?”
At this point, Barbarian suddenly lowered his eyes and sneered. “Besides, what right do you have to judge me? Caleb, we have always been enemies, haven’t we? All five of us are enemies because we all need the V16! We all want to live! 
“So… Since I’ve run into you today, once I’ve dealt with her, I don’t mind getting rid of you, Trueman’s lackey, either! Besides, you are here to help Trueman get rid of me, right? 
After speaking, Barbarian raised his fist again and charged toward Nora. 
But as soon as he moved, someone grabbed his leg. Barbarian looked down to see Caleb clinging onto his leg and shouting to Nora, “Hurry up and go!” 
Nora: “!!!” 
She looked at the two, her gaze falling on Caleb’s face. 
corne 
There was blood on the corner of the man’s lip and he was as pale as a sheet. However, those deep and bottomless eyes of his showed determination at this moment. 
“You must have a death wish!” 
Upon seeing what he was doing, Barbarian kicked him again. 
Despite that, even though Caleb had already curled up in pain, he simply refused to let go! 
Bam! 
Barbarian kicked him again. 
Caleb threw up another mouthful of blood.
Bam! 
Barbarian didn’t hold back and kicked him again, every kick landing on Caleb’s abdomen. Nora wasn’t near them, but as a top surgeon, she knew that Caleb’s internal organs might already have shifted from the kicks. 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
Bam! 
Barbarian finally kicked Caleb away again, he slammed into the wall at the side and fainted. 
Only then did Barbarian turn around and look at Nora. 
The instant he was about to attack… “Freeze!” 
“Fire! Suppress him!” 
Brenda and the others had finally arrived!!! 
There was no way for Barbarian to fight back anymore!!
###Chapter 870
Bang! Bang! Bang! Ratatatatata… Gunshots rang out incessantly, hitting the area where Barbarian was. He rolled and dodged a wave of bullets, then tried to charge toward Nora again. But before he could, another burst of concentrated gunfire came at him, rendering him unable to run toward Nora. Barbarian looked at Nora with his crimson eyes. 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief. As more and more people came up, the gunfire also became more and more concentrated. While Barbarian could still rely on his body’s flexibility and nimbleness to dodge at this point, he wasn’t going to be able to do the same in a while! 
He had pushed himself into a corner this time. 
Under the cover of the gunfire, Nora dashed straight toward Brenda, the metal box containing the V16 clutched tightly in her hands! Her eyes, however, remained fixed on Barbarian. 
As Brenda directed the men behind her, she shouted, “Barbarian, you have been surrounded! Put down your weapon and surrender!” 
As soon as she said that, the corners of Barbarian’s lips curled up slightly into a touch of a sneer. Immediately after, he sprinted toward the edge. Continuous gunfire came from behind him but the bullets all landed at his feet! 
Barbarian’s speed and reflexes were simply too fast. 
Regardless, it was useless—because there was no way forward! If he ran any further, what awaited him would only be death! 
But contrary to everyone’s expectations, Barbarian did not slow down even when he reached the edge. Brenda frowned, took out a pistol, and continued to shoot at him.
Barbarian, however, leaped off the fifty-story high-rise building! 
Had he lost the will to live because he knew that he had been surrounded? 
Barbarian’s move stunned everyone for a moment. Nora suddenly thought of something and hurried to the edge of the building. 
There, she saw Barbarian, who had already plummeted from the building, floating in the air with his wingsuit open. He looked just like a bird as he glided away. 
He accelerated extremely quickly, so he had already glided out of Brenda’s range. All the police officers on the ground floor could only raise their pistols and aim at the sky. 
However, Barbarian was too high up in the sky, so he was out of their range as well. 
Everyone could only watch as Barbarian glided away… 
“Shit!!” 
Aaron swore anxiously. 
They had deployed so much manpower and resources this time, yet they had still allowed him to get away? 
Wingsuiting was an extreme sport with only a few hundred people doing it in the whole country, though. Who would have thought that Barbarian would be a master of extreme sports? 
Brenda also broke into a frown. 
After spending so much time setting up everything, they could be said to have come the closest to Barbarian this time, yet he had still gotten away. They felt so helpless!
Nora was not as furious as Aaron and Brenda, though. Although she found it somewhat a pity, Barbarian was, after all, the first person to have his body genetically modified in physical fitness. He was someone Nora and Justin couldn’t beat in a fight even when they joined forces. 
He wouldn’t be Barbarian anymore if they could catch someone like him so easily! Besides, from the start, her target was not Barbarian but the V16. 
Nora lowered her head, looked at the in her hand, and finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
What came next was sending the seriously injured and comatose Caleb to the hospital, as well as dealing with the affairs in school. 
In the hospital, Nora unexpectedly ran into Epson. 
He was being supported by someone as he walked out of a room after a checkup. He bragged to his student, “I told you, I’m fine, but you guys simply insist on me doing a full-body checkup because you’re worried. Did you hear the doctor? I’m fine!” 
His student replied, “It’s because you were trapped in the washroom when the archives caught fire. The temperature in the archives was very high when the fire was put out, it was very easy for you to burn yourself!”Epson curled his lips disdainfully. “I told you, I wet a towel and blocked my mouth and nose with it!” 
The student nodded. “Yeah, you’re really lucky this time to not have suffered any burns at all, Professor Epson… Even we suffered burns to some extent when we went in to save 
you…”
Epson was very stuck-up. He said, “That’s because you guys weren’t careful! Who do you think I am? Even Anti would have suffered burns in that situation, but not me! I’ve at least beaten her again in this!” 
The students around him: “…” 
Nora: “…” 
Epson leaving with Barbarian for the sake of the students had certainly moved her a little but this feeling lasted no more than three seconds. 
What was wrong with Epson, really? 
Couldn’t he stop comparing himself to her? 
She had never given a damn about Epson before, okay? 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. She ignored them and walked straight ahead to check on Caleb. 
She had just taken a couple of steps when she ran into Oscar. 
Oscar’s arm was exposed. There was a large burn on it and blisters had formed all over it, making her grimace in pain. When she saw Nora, she asked, “Where were you just now? Did you go to save Professor Epson too?” 
Nora: “?” 
“Too?” 
“Yeah, Professor Epson only left with Barbarian because he wanted to save us, so we all went to save him. You have no idea how dangerous the situation was. That serial killer is too vicious, he even set fire to the archives to burn Professor Epson to death. Fortunately, we arrived in time to put out the fire… But
even so, because we weren’t wearing protective clothing when we rushed in to save Professor Epson, all of us were scalded by the flames.” 
Nora: “…” 
She was about to give her some kind of explanation when the door to the operating room Caleb was in suddenly opened. Someone shouted, “He’s dying! The patient is dying! One of his ribs has punctured his lungs, none of our doctors can handle the operation! What do we do?” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed at once. “What? 
Wasn’t Barbarian a little too strong? Was Caleb really going to croak in advance because he suffered all those kicks? 
The doctor said, “This is beyond my ability. Given his condition, there’s likely only hope of saving him if Dr. Anti comes in person! Even so, putting aside the fact that we can’t get in contact with Dr. Anti, even if we do get in contact with her, there’s no way she can hurry over to the hospital within half an hour! But the patient doesn’t have much time left! 
Sigh!” 
When Oscar, who was following Nora at the back, heard the doctor, a regretful look came over her face. She said, “How did Professor Gray show up on the top floor? What a huge shame, the murderer didn’t manage to kill Epson but he killed Professor Gray instead? I feel so sorry for Professor Gray! If only Anti were here…” She had only just spoken when she saw Nora suddenly reach upwards and tie up her hair. Immediately after, she walked straight to the operating room and said, “Take me to him!” Oscar was stunned. She followed after her and asked, “What are you going there for? Are you a doctor?” Even the doctor wanted to stop her but it was at this moment that Nora took out her medical license. The name on it was…
###Chapter 871
The nurse was about to stop Nora, but before she could speak, Nora took out her medical license and tossed it at her. Immediately after, she picked up a surgical gown from the side and entered the operating room. The nurse looked down. When she saw the name on the medical license, she was stunned on the spot. 
Seeing this, Oscar hurried over anxiously. Her gaze fell on the license in the nurse’s hand, only to see a name written on it: “Anti”. 
Oscar: “…” 
Stunned, her head whipped up and she looked at Nora in disbelief. 
Caleb’s operation was indeed difficult. He needed someone with high precision to perform the surgery. Three hours later, after Nora finished stitching him up, she finally stretched and loosened her muscles. The people supporting her in the operation all looked at her with eyes full of worship. 
Nora didn’t pay any attention to that. 
She had obtained the V16, so she no longer needed to hide her identity… 
Therefore, she nodded openly at the people around her and then left the operating room. As soon as she went out, she saw a group of people waiting outside. 
All of them looked up when they heard the door open. However when they saw her, they all turned their gazes behind her. 
Where’s Anti?” 
“Where’s Anti?” 
“I heard that Dr. Anti came in-person to operate on a patient, so I specially waited here!”
The hospital they were in was affiliated with Staav University and most of the patients here tonight were Staav University students. Thus, when they heard that Anti was here, all of them had gathered around to see what she was like. 
Nora: “…” 
Seeing the crowd outside, she suddenly felt that she’d better not reveal her identity, after all. Thus, she said to the nearest person walking over, “She’s at the back. I’m just here to help.” 
After speaking, she took off her gloves and surgical gown and cut through the crowd. 
One by one, everyone who heard her looked behind her… Nora took the opportunity to leave, but unfortunately, she’d only just turned around when she saw Oscar. 
Oscar was looking at her with a complicated look in her eyes. 
Nora: “…” 
She raised her eyebrows and walked over. “What’s wrong?” 
Oscar swallowed. “I… I’d like to apply to be a postgraduate student under you. I hope you won’t disqualify me because of my rudeness to you before.” 
Students like Oscar were very common. Moreover, she was hardworking enough, so Nora still had a rather good opinion of her. It was just that maybe their personalities didn’t get along, so they couldn’t be friends. 
However, that didn’t mean that she had to dislike the other party. 
Nora nodded. “Sure, if I ever recruit postgraduate students again.” 
Oscar took a deep breath, not daring to speak any further, she nodded instead.
When the two were walking ahead, they happened to see Epson hurrying over. 
The student behind him said, “Slow down, slow down…” 
Epson, however, was in a big hurry. He said, “If I go any slower, I won’t be able to see her anymore! To think Anti is at Staav University! She must be here to steal my experiment results! Otherwise, why would she be here? So, my experiment still caught her attention, didn’t it?” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she shook her head a little. Then, she moved away to let Epson and the students pass first. Just as they were walking past her, they suddenly stopped. 
Epson looked at her and asked, “Have you seen Anti?” 
Nora shook her head. 
Epson continued with his questions. “Is she a fatty?” 
Nora: “?” 
Epson sneered and said, “The news I received says that she’s a fatty who weighs nearly 200 pounds. She is also a lazy bum, so she’ll never lose any weight for sure!” 
Five years ago, when Nora first came to Switzerland, she had indeed been fat. Moreover, she had even publicly shown her face back then. However, later on, after she became famous, she never revealed her face or any information about herself anymore. 
She didn’t expect that people still thought of her as the fatty from before…
As the corners of her lips spasmed, Epson said, “Never mind, given your status, how could you possibly meet Anti? I’d better hurry and go, it’d be awful if I end up wasting time because of you.” 
Nora: “…” 
Oscar: “…” 
With a complicated look on her face, Oscar watched as Epson ran past them in a hurry. She let out a soft sigh and said, “Professor Epson is still wearing his burned trousers and didn’t even have time to change, just so he could hurry here to look for you. What a shame that he doesn’t know that the very same student he looks down on is the goal that he has been pursuing all his life.” 
Nora: “…” Why was she detecting a bit of sarcasm in Oscar’s words? 
She shook her head and went out the door. 
Brenda and the others were waiting for her. The SWAT team was all armed with heavy firearms. Brenda was in the midst of lecturing the men. She said, “If Barbarian comes again, we must kill him. Do you hear me?” 
“Yes, ma’am!” 
As soon as Nora came out, Brenda came over. She lowered her voice and said, “Nora, we will protect you.” 
Before Nora could speak, Brenda explained, “Nora, now is not the time to put on an affected act. You have what Barbarian is looking for, right…?” Nora wanted to speak, but Brenda stopped her. She said, “I didn’t see anything nor do I want to report anything, so what you’ve taken has nothing to do with me, Nora. My task is just to catch Barbarian and
since what he’s desperately after is with you, he will definitely come to you! So, we must stay by your side!” After speaking, Brenda held up her gun. Nora nodded. “Okay.” 
With the V16 in her possession, she wasn’t going to be so foolish as to act alone. 
Although she could hire bodyguards for protection, she was indeed impressed with Brenda’s professional abilities. 
No one was going to be better than Brenda. 
She asked in a low voice, “Is the school safe now?” 
“Yes, it’s safe.” 
Brenda took a deep breath. “We weren’t sure who he was before, so it wasn’t safe, but now that he has escaped… We did a headcount and found that he had been hiding among the students. Now that we have dug out the identity he was using, it’ll be hard for him to get back into the school.” 
Only then did Nora breathe a sigh of relief. 
She looked somewhere and suddenly said, “Keep watch for me for a while.” 
Brenda nodded. “Okay.” 
Only then did Nora go to a corner in a blind spot where Brenda stood. 
This was the safest place. 
Nora finally took out the metal box from her bosom and opened it. 
Before getting the V16, Nora had been constantly wondering what her mother had hidden in here. Was it the V16’s formula? Or was it something else?
It wasn’t until now that she finally solved the mystery. 
It wasn’t a formula but the actual V16 itself.
###Chapter 872
Two vacuum bottles lay silently in the box. Two… 
These were perhaps the only two in the world. 
However there were five survivors… 
Nora frowned. Five people… Including Xander there were six people fighting over two potions. No wonder Barbarian was fighting so hard. 
She did not have time to think too much about it and closed the box. She picked up the instruction manual beside her. 
The manual pointed out that this drug could not be injected directly into the body and required purification. However, the purification method was not given. 
Still, this could not stump Nora… 
She only thought about it for a while and roughly knew what machines were needed to purify it. 
Long nights meant more thinking. 
Nora decided to purify it at Staav University. After purifying the V16 drug, she would inject it into Xander. 
The others might hate them but once Xander got the injection, in two months, those people would all be gone… 
When she thought of this, Nora seemed to see the light.
She put away her things and said to Brenda, “Take me to the laboratory. I’ll look for Wayne. There happens to be some equipment for purification in his laboratory.” 
Brenda did not ask what it was and just said, “Okay.” 
The two of them… No, it could be said that a SWAT team escorted Nora to the laboratory. 
On the way, not far away, someone passed her and sighed softly. “Did you hear? The great pianist Love died this morning.” 
“Sigh, she’s the top pianist in the world. Some people say that her attainments had surpassed everyone else’s. It’s as if she was born for the piano.” 
“Yes, I’ve even attended her concert. Her perfect pitch really is the most impressive I’ve ever heard of. No matter what sound you make, she could still tell… I heard that back then, there were some people who deliberately played randomly in front of her, but she accurately identified what instrument it was. Furthermore, at the same time, she had identified another sound. Everyone first thought that she had failed, but in the end, it turned out that there really was a bird flying past the window. The bird had even cried!” 
“What a pity. She’s only 30 years old…” 
“Isn’t that so? A pianist like her might have been able to make some stunning piano pieces in the future. Sigh!” 
Everyone discussed and left. 
Nora stopped in her tracks. 
The pianist Love… 
As she was thinking, her phone suddenly rang.
She picked up the call and Trueman’s sharp voice came from the other end. “Love is dead! Do you know who Love is?” 
Nora paused for a moment and suddenly thought of something. She immediately asked, “She’s Listener?” 
“That’s right!” Trueman seemed to be a little angry. “That fool went to learn piano after leaving the mysterious organization. She never thought of searching for the V16. Hehe, I didn’t expect her to be the first person to die among us!” When this was said, Nora fell silent. 
The remaining five children back then were not all bad people. For example, Listener relied on her genetic modification to work in the music industry. 
It was admirable that such a person was not afraid of death. 
However, Trueman clearly did not think that way. “She’s dead! Do you know what this means?” 
Nora pursed her lips. “It means that the last injection of the gene serum isn’t very stable.” 
“Yes, it’s unstable. Time is unstable! We clearly only have two months left. Listener had taken the V15 with me… Therefore, you have to find the V16 as soon as possible!” 
Nora did not bother about him anymore and hung up the phone. 
There were two V16s now. There was no doubt that she would give one of them to Xander, but the other one… she wanted to give it to Caleb. 
With this in mind, she arrived outside Wayne’s laboratory. Just as she was about to push the door open and enter, she heard the counselor’s voice. “Lisa!”
Nora turned around and saw the counselor walking over quickly. She grabbed her hand and said, “I heard that Epson’s experiment failed; but it’s okay, there’s still Professor Myers. You can still get good grades if you follow Professor Myers, so don’t be discouraged.” 
Nora: “…” 
She nodded and was about to continue when the counselor said, “Oh, right. Professor Myers is a little strange. You have to talk nicely. You haven’t met him yet, right? Then I’ll take you to see him and let him take care of you.” 
With that, the counselor pushed the door open and entered. 
As soon as she entered, she said to Wayne, who had his back to the door, “Professor Myers, Lisa is here. Although you’ve already recruited graduate students as your assistants, Lisa has also contributed to this project. Please don’t make things difficult for her…” 
Wayne pursed his lips. “Don’t worry. I’m not that kind of a person. Isn’t it just a student who wants to come in and earn some credit? I’ll still give you this bit of face. But as an undergraduate, she has to be diligent and must have good eyesight. She can’t drag us down, okay?” 
“Of course, Lisa is an American exchange student, very diligent. I’m sure you’ll have a lot to talk about!” 
The counselor smiled and pushed Nora. “Lisa, greet Professor Myers quickly.” When Nora heard this, her lips curled up.
###Chapter 873
Wayne had been a little arrogant lately. After the NTT company decided to invest in him, there were suddenly many people coming to interview him. He chose many excellent students from them and most of them were graduate students. 
In comparison, Lisa seemed a little inferior. Therefore Wayne had never taken Lisa seriously. 
Furthermore, ever since Lisa joined this laboratory, Wayne had been asking Lisa to come over and help. However, even being an exchange student, she did not come on time and stood him up. This made Wayne very angry. 
Therefore, he decided to teach her a lesson. 
Hearing the counselor’s words, Wayne finally turned his head and looked at Lisa in front of him. Lisa? Do you know what I want to do with this laboratory now? Do you know who has invested in it? You…” 
Before he could finish, he froze when he saw the person in front of him. 
When the counselor saw Professor Myers staring at Nora and not saying anything, she became a little flustered. Was Professor Myers really angry and not giving Lisa a chance? 
Just as the counselor was worried, she suddenly saw Professor Myers’s eyes light up. His high and mighty expression instantly became one of bootlicking, as if he was one of those mask-changing performers. 
Wayne rushed to Nora and lowered his head to say, “Ms…” Ms. Nora? 
Before he could finish speaking, he saw Nora shaking her head slightly. This meant that she did not want to be acknowledged… Therefore, Wayne’s next words changed into: “…Miss Lisa?”
The counselor: “?” 
Miss Lisa? 
What the heck was this? 
Why did she feel a sense of respect behind Professor Myers’ words? 
And why did he call her ‘Miss’? 
Although Lisa did look young, why was he addressing her so affectionately? 
Nora did not care about the counselor’s thoughts. She walked forward and said to Wayne, “Yes, Professor Myers. I hope you can take care of me.” 
Her voice was low and magnetic. 
Wayne felt a little embarrassed to be called Professor Myers by her. 
Ms. Nora’s pharmaceutical skills were better than his? How was he qualified to be called a professor by Ms. Nora? 
The counselor felt that the atmosphere between the two of them was strange, but she did not understand. Therefore, she could only smile and say to Wayne, “Professor Myers, I’ll leave Lisa with you. You have to take good care of her.” 
“…Definitely!” 
The counselor looked at Nora again. “You have to learn well from Professor Myers. You can’t lose your temper, understand? Professor Myers is an esteemed professor. Furthermore, he has the support of the
NTT company. Their projects are very meaningful to the school. You have to be obedient. Professor Myers’ laboratory has many rules. You have to follow them, understand?” 
Wayne was speechless. 
Can you shut up, counselor? 
Nora smiled and looked at Wayne with a faint smile. “Okay, counselor. Don’t worry.” 
IIII 
After the counselor left, Nora then looked at Wayne. “Rules?” 
Wayne: “…Ms. Lisa, you’re the one making the rules.” 
In the beginning, Wayne did not know why NTT had invested in him. Now, he understood everything! 
No wonder “Lisa” was suddenly very happy after meeting the person in charge of NTT last time. It turned out to be like this! Ms. Nora was the heir to NTT! 
Nora: “…” 
She did not want to fight with Wayne anymore and said, “I’ll borrow your laboratory.” 
She wanted to purify the V16 as soon as possible and then bring it home for Xander.
###Chapter 874
Because Wayne had received an investment from NTT, he was valued by the school. The laboratory arranged for him was also the largest in the school. The equipment inside was all top of the line. 
The graduate students who came to interview with Wayne were also the top students of Staav University. 
In just a few days, Wayne’s project was fully established. Today was the official start of the project. 
If Nora wanted to borrow the laboratory, Wayne would definitely not . He even immediately took out his phone and informed everyone that the project’s establishment would be delayed for a day to prevent everyone from coming over and disturbing Nora. 
“What’s the reason?” NTT asked when Wayne called to inform them. 
He glanced at Nora and saw her waving her hand. Wayne immediately said, Oh, there’s no reason. I’m just not feeling well today.” 
“Yes, my stomach hurts… Who hasn’t had a few days of tummy pain every few months… No, I’m not a woman, how can I have cramps! 
“Yes, I just have diarrhea. It’s nothing serious. What? You want to see me? No need, really no need… Huh? You’re already on the way? Then… Okay.” 
After hanging up, Wayne touched his forehead. “Ms. Nora, who is the person in charge at NTT? Isn’t he too responsible?” 
Nora also raised her eyebrows and smiled. “Forget it. They have always done their best.” 
It was because of their professionalism that NTT could reach where they were today. 
They had said that they would start the project today, so they would definitely send someone over.
But… 
Nora looked at Wayne and suddenly smiled. “Your stomach hurts? Is it really painful, or is it fake?” 
Wayne: “?” 
He understood. In order to deal with the company’s follow-up, he definitely had to act more like it. After all, Nora was going to use the laboratory and he did not want to make a huge commotion. 
Wayne’s eyes darted around and he said, “The people from the company do a very strict investigation. Furthermore, the people they send over definitely won’t know you. In order to avoid trouble and to let you continue hiding your identity, I’ve decided to sacrifice myself!” 
After saying this, Wayne took out the laxatives. Without waiting for Nora to speak, he gulped a bunch. “Ms. Nora, do you see that? I’m loyal to you! For you, even if I collapse today, I won’t say a word! You don’t have to praise me. I’m such a serious person. I’ve always been chivalrous and bold… blah, blah…” 
Nora pursed her lips. This actor. 
She ignored him and looked into the room. She walked to the laboratory and began to purify V16. 
Nora was worried at first. The V16 was not like wine, where the older the wine, the richer it was. After all, medicine had a shelf life. Furthermore, the box that was wrapped around the V16 looked like an ordinary one. She could not be sure of it. Could the V16 expire? 
However, after testing with microscopes and various instruments, she realized that the V16 had not expired! 
Some of the microorganisms inside were still alive. The serum was so fresh that it seemed to have been made this month. 
She was even more impressed with her mother’s medical skills now.
It was said that medical standards were getting more and more advanced. Her mother’s era was more than twenty years ago but her medical standards at that time were simply too awesome. 
Nora sighed in her heart and began to purify the V16. 
Through her research on gene serum, Nora had her own views on this. The entire purification process took approximately four hours. 
After talking to Wayne, he had let her work in peace. 
When the people from NTT arrived, Wayne would help deal with it. 
Nora nodded. 
Actually, if she knew the person from the company, it would not be so troublesome. She was just afraid that she would not know the person to come. If she caused a misunderstanding, it would be troublesome. 
However, soon, Nora realized that she was thinking too much. 
The people sent by the company were actually Liam and one other employee she did not know. Although Wayne’s project seemed to have taken eight million dollars, to the company, this money was just a splash. It was nothing to them. 
It couldn’t be someone at Royce’s level. 
When Royce realized that Liam and Nora knew each other, he naturally handed over the project to Liam. Therefore, the person who had been in contact with Wayne these past few days was Liam.
The moment Liam entered, Wayne held his buttocks. His stomach hurt so much that his face was pale. Sweat broke out on his forehead and anyone could tell that it was not an act. 
Liam said, “Professor Myers, what are you doing?” 
Wayne had a bitter expression on his face as he sighed. “Sigh, I originally thought that if it was just a small discomfort, I would be able to bear with it. But look, I’m really… Pfft!” 
When Wayne said this, a fart came out. He said, “I, I can’t take it anymore. I’ll go to the bathroom first.” 
After saying that, he looked at Nora and instructed Liam, “Oh, right, this is my student. Um… I called her over to help tidy up the laboratory. Yes… please don’t disturb her…” 
With that, he ran to the bathroom. 
Nora: “…” 
Wayne had taken the laxative for nothing. 
If she had known it was Liam, she would have said something to settle it. 
However, it was obvious that Liam was unaware that Wayne knew of Nora’s relationship with NTT; and Wayne was unaware that Liam knew that she was related to the company. 
Therefore, the two of them were trying their best to hide her identity. 
Liam did not even walk towards Nora. Instead, he waited for Wayne to come out of the bathroom before saying, “Professor Myers, your illness is very serious. In my opinion, why don’t we delay the project by two days?” 
Wayne: “…Okay, okay!”
It was said that the people from NTT were all as cunning as foxes. Furthermore, their sharp eyes could see through any problems. They hated changing their schedule the most. But today, it seemed like they were very easy to talk to. What was going on? 
Three hours later. 
Nora finally completed the purification. 
She prepared two test tubes and placed them in a special small container before draining the air. 
This was something she had specially searched for when she came to Switzerland. It could preserve freshness and ensure that the interior was completely vacuum-packed. Furthermore, it was small and convenient. 
She had just closed the V16 container when her phone suddenly rang. 
She subconsciously picked up the call. Barbarian’s voice came from the other end. “Have you completed the purification?” 
Hearing this, Nora’s eyes narrowed. She suddenly raised her head and looked around. 
How could Barbarian have called at the exact moment she was done? It was as if he had seen it with his own eyes! 
Nora clenched her jaw. Her intuition told her that this was not over!
###Chapter 875
Nora looked around vigilantly. 
Outside the laboratory, Brenda led a few special officers to patrol. In the laboratoryLiam, Wayne, and an unknown employee from NTT were chatting. 
Could it be that Barbarian had someone among these people? 
Did he bribe some people? 
Nora looked at everyone suspiciously. 
Brenda and Wayne had to be excluded. These two people were definitely not on Barbarian’s side. As for the others… 
She frowned and said calmly into the phone, “What does it have to do with you?” 
“It’s indeed none of my business, but I think it’s related to your three children, right?” 
When this was said, Nora suddenly narrowed her eyes. “What do you mean?” 
“Do you think you’ve hidden the children well? I already know their exact location. What do you think I should do?” 
When Nora heard this, she could not help but laugh. “What are you trying to do?” 
When she wanted to stay at Staav University and fight with Barbarian, she had already arranged for the children at home to be safe. How could she be threatened like that? 
As she was thinking, Barbarian said, “I understand. You found a very professional person to watch over them and ensure their safety. You can guarantee that I won’t charge in to look for them, but can you stop a bomb?”
Nora’s eyes narrowed. “What?” 
Barbarian lowered his eyes and slowly said, “I know. You’ve already moved the three children to Horgen District. I’m not sure which building it is, but what if I can raze the entire district to the ground?” 
Nora: “!!” 
Barbarian lowered his eyes. “I have such a bomb in my hand. As long as I throw it gently, the entire district will be destroyed. I don’t even need to find out where your three children and bodyguards are…” 
When Barbarian said this, his tone was filled with disdain. 
Nora clenched her fists. “So?” 
“Hand over the serum in your hand obediently.” 
Barbarian’s voice was very cold. “Otherwise, I’ll drop the bomb in three hours!” 
Nora lowered her voice. “You’re a lunatic!” 
In the current technological society, such bombs were rare, but they were indeed not difficult to procure. 
Nora believed that Barbarian had the ability to get such a bomb, but she could not help but say, “There are so many people in the district. How can you?!” 
Horgen was a safe district nearby. There were a few villas inside and the people living there were all people of high status. 
But Barbarian wanted to bomb these people just like that?
Barbarian sneered. “I don’t know them. Are they related to me?” 
Nora: “…” 
He was insane. 
This person was completely crazy. 
For a gene serum, he was completely treating humans as trash! 
Nora lowered her eyes and suddenly said, “Okay, how do I hand the serum to you? Where should I go?” 
Barbarian: “There’s no need to trouble yourself. I know you’re very skilled with medicine. It won’t be good if you change the serum midway. Now, hand the gene serum in your hand to Liam.” 
Liam… 
Nora looked at the door suddenly and saw that Liam had changed from his previous timidness. He pushed the door open and came in front of her calmly. “Ms. Smith, give it to me.” 
Nora stared at Liam. 
She clenched her fists tightly. After a moment, she said, “So you’re the one who exposed my children’s location. Liam… Or should I say, Mr. Spacey?”
###Chapter 876
After Nora came to Switzerland, there were many things she could not understand. 
For example, at the place she lived, she was targeted by her neighbor, the old lady. The old lady’s phone was clearly hacked. She had said that her sister was coming and wanted her to rent a room for her. That was why her neighbor, Mrs. Long, had scolded Nora fervently. 
This kind of small trick was nothing to Nora. 
But that was what Spacey had done. 
At that time, Nora did not understand why he had done it. However, at this moment, she suddenly understood. 
Liam wanted Rene and him to become friends with them successfully! 
Liam had requested her to go to Nora’s house more often to play. He said that he wanted the three children to accompany her. Liam’s true goal was not to let Rene have some company but to obtain more information about Nora and the three children. 
Rene’s background was pitiful, so it was very easy to have people drop their guards around her. 
Furthermore, Nora had investigated Rene. 
As an orphan of American descent, her life in Switzerland was not good. No one adopted her for a long time until she was finally taken in by a family. In the end, her adoptive parents turned out to be bad people. 
Her adoptive father wanted to take advantage of her but was discovered by her adoptive mother. Her adoptive mother beat and scolded her at every turn. There were even a few times when Rene had to go to the hospital for treatment.
Rene had finally escaped hell. How could anyone doubt her pitiful background? 
To be honest, when Nora first came to Switzerland, she thought that everyone was from the mysterious organization. She even suspected Liam, but she never suspected Rene… 
Rene could enter and leave their house freely. Even if she had sent the three children away, Rene could still easily find out which district they had gone to… 
Hearing Nora call him ‘Spacey’, Liam laughed. “Most people sympathize with the weak. If I just appeared in front of you, you would definitely have suspected me. That’s why I chose Rene. I learned about you guys without anyone noticing.” 
Nora frowned and suddenly smiled. “So, there’s really no true ‘love at first sight.”” 
She knew it! 
Rene was timid and dirty like a beggar. 
On the other hand, Liam looked bright and handsome. Why would he like Rene? 
was 
In the beginning, she even suspected that he was emotionally manipulating Rene. However, after an investigation, she realized that Liam was really good to her. 
There was even a time when she felt that this might be true love. 
It turned out that Liam was just making use of Rene. 
Liam did not deny this. He just held out his hand. “Give it to me.”
Nora took a deep breath and lowered her head to look at the V16 serum in her hand. She suddenly smiled and reached out to hand the two bottles to Liam. 
Liam was relieved that she handed it over so easily. 
He carefully placed the serum in his pocket and turned to walk out. He said, “Ms. Smith, I think you know very well that if you dare to act rashly, we won’t guarantee your children’s safety! So you better be obedient. Of course, I know you’re very skilled.” 
When Nora was extracting the medicine, although he was bickering and joking with Wayne, Liam had been paying attention to Nora. When Trueman called her, she did not even have the time to change the medicine. 
Therefore, this V16 must be the real deal. 
Liam rushed out the door excitedly. 
Barbarian’s voice came from his earpiece. “Have you got it?” 
“I got it!” 
Liam spoke calmly before getting into the car. “I’ll come to you now.” 
Barbarian nodded. “Okay.” 
Liam suddenly said, “I keep feeling that things are going too smooth.” 
Barbarian had always been simple-minded. He said, “It didn’t go smoothly though, right? It’s only because of me. I could go to the school to investigate and escape unscathed. But what if it was someone else? I only came out of the dark to verify the authenticity of the serum. I’m a little far away now, come
over quickly and meet us. We’ll leave after getting the serum. Trueman and the others are still watching us!” 
Liam took a deep breath. “Are you sure it’s okay?” 
Barbarian smiled. “Of course. What are you afraid of? After I get the V16 and inject it, I can break through the limits of my body again. After that, no one will be able to catch 
me!” 
As Liam drove, he glanced back. “I’m just worried that Nora will catch up. I’m not you. I don’t have such good skills.” 
“She won’t dare to. The bomb is right there. If she dares to chase after you, I’ll pull the trigger!” 
Liam suddenly asked, “Are you sure they can’t find the bomb and defuse it?” 
Barbarian sneered. “Justin’s strength in New York is okay but they don’t have much power overseas. You have to know that this is Switzerland!” 
– 
In the laboratory. 
Nora was opening her mouth to explain. “Queenie, are you sure you can find the bombs? And dismantle them?” 
A lazy voice came from the other end. “Of course, I’m sure. Can you have some confidence in me?” 
Nora sighed. “When I returned to New York back then, you told me that you were not very powerful.”
“…What I was saying is, be honest with Justin. I’m no longer afraid of others! Also, you didn’t contact me after you came back. Have you grown wings? Heh, now Cherry is being threatened. You’re really weak! Don’t worry. To transport a bomb like that, they would have had to dismantle it and then move it without alerting anyone. They can’t dare to make too much of a fuss. No matter how good a job they do, there will always be evidence! Give me half an hour and I’ll help you take care of the bomb!” 
“Half an hour?” 
Nora lowered her head and looked at the time. “Is that enough?” 
When the other party heard this, she suddenly sneered and said domineeringly, “Nora, don’t worry. Don’t forget that this is Switzerland! It’s my territory!! Wait for my good news! My NTT is not to be trifled with!” 
“However, you have to promise me that after the bomb is removed, you’ll bring the little guys to stay at home with me! I miss Cherry so much. Besides, I don’t believe that anyone in Switzerland will dare to come here and court death!”
###Chapter 877
In the vicinity of Horgen District, Switzerland. 
Since Barbarian wanted to blow up Horgen District, that meant that the bomb must be installed somewhere close. However, Horgen District, which was considered a residential complex for the wealthy, was enormous and even contained a park. It wasn’t going to be easy to find the bomb that Barbarian had buried. 
However, on this day, everyone in the vicinity of Horgen District went into action. 
The couriers first investigated the list of items that had been delivered to the district during the past ten days. 
The courier company’s network of people covered nearly the whole area and there were one or two employees who knew everyone in the district. However, nobody knew that all the courier deliveries in the vicinity were already under the monopoly of a company named Send Express, let alone know that Send Express was a subsidiary of NTT. 
At the command of NTT’s boss, aka Queenie Schmidt, a secret showdown was quietly taking place out of sight. 
In addition to the courier company, all the street sweepers also went into the district to clean the place. Based on the information sent by the couriers, they conducted a search in the district. 
Added to this the fact that the officers on patrol were employees of a security company, the inconspicuous group came together to form a formidable force even greater than security cameras. In just the span of thirty minutes, they found the bomb. 
The group immediately made a police report. 
Nora, who was sitting in the laboratory, was rather speechless when she received the phone call.
“Why did you call the police instead of just dismantling it?” She asked. 
Queenie scoffed. “I’m a good, law-abiding citizen, you know. They should be the ones doing this, in the first place. Why should I take care of it for them?” 
Nora fell silent. 
Queenie had professional bomb disposal experts in her team, yet she had to insist on making a police report instead. 
The corners of her lips spasmed in speechlessness, upon which she heard another laugh from Queenie, who then added, “Besides, it’s not like Cherry is even there, so why should I waste my time and effort doing it? I’ve already made a great contribution by finding the bomb!” 
That’s right. 
The three children had left Horgen District a long time ago. 
Given that Nora had not only wanted to send the children elsewhere but was also aware that her whereabouts were already exposed to Spacey, how would she possibly stop at something as simple as just driving them to another place? 
She had sent her children to Horgen District by car the day before, but unbeknownst to outsiders, the houses in the district had underground passages through them that connected straight to the villas next door. 
Cindy had been living in the villa next door all along. She drove the car out every day, so it hadn’t raised Liam’s suspicions at all when she sneaked the three children out. 
After all, Nora had only just sent them to the district. Who would have thought that she would immediately transfer them elsewhere?
She had wanted the bomb to be defused because it was too powerful. Should it go off, it would bring harm to the people in the vicinity. 
Queenie spoke again. “Tsk, the bomb has been defused. How are things on your end?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “They still haven’t realized that they have been fooled. Don’t worry.” 
Queenie chuckled softly and remarked dryly, “You wily little fox.” 
Before she hung up, she said, “Cherry and the others are here with me. They are very safe, so you can put your mind at ease! You sure are fertile, though. To think you gave birth to three babies, are you actually a sow?” 
Nora: “!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she hung up on her. 
The things that her aunt said simply sounded too awful. 
Wasn’t it all because her mother had injected her with the serum that she’d had a multiple pregnancy and given birth to three children? 
She rolled her eyes and opened the laboratory door. 
When Liam took the serums and left just, he had threatened her against pursuing him. On top of that, he had even switched on the security cameras in the laboratory to monitor her. For the lives of those in Horgen District, Nora had refrained from taking any rash actions. 
But now…
It was time to counterattack! 
She might not be able to beat Barbarian in a fight but Spacey would most certainly be a breeze! 
On the highway. 
Liam was driving at high speed. He stared ahead of him with a savage smile, but it was at this moment that he received a phone call from Barbarian. 
“The bomb has been defused!” 
His words took Liam by surprise. “What?” 
Barbarian’s voice was also full of shock and horror. He said, “It’s true! I couldn’t locate the bomb just now, so I checked the surveillance cameras. That’s when I found that the police have already surrounded it. I pressed the remote control after that but the bomb had already been defused!” 
Liam hammered the steering wheel. 
“It’s only been half an hour! Didn’t we agree that you would buy me three hours? Half an hour is not enough for me to get away at all!” 
Barbarian said grudgingly, “Never mind, with the V16 in your hands, they won’t dare to do anything to you! Besides, no one went after you when you fled. It’ll be too late even if they start chasing after you now! There are no traffic jams here, after all!” 
Liam felt enlightened when he heard him. He said, “You’re right. Putting aside whether or not they can catch up to me, just the fact that the V16 is in my possession is already as though I have a hostage with me. If they dare so much as to capture me, I will destroy the V16! Everyone can forget about living then!” 
After hanging up the phone, Liam looked behind him.
Half an hour had passed and he was already a great distance from Staav University. Unless the other party was a godlike car racer, they could forget about ever catching up to him… 
Liam breathed a sigh of relief when he thought of this. 
Nevertheless, he did not dare to slack off and continued forward. 
Ten minutes later, Liam suddenly sensed something amiss. 
He turned his head sharply to the side to see a big black jeep driving side by side with him on the road. 
The moment he looked over, the jeep’s window slowly rolled down, revealing Nora’s cool and beautiful visage. 
Liam: “!!” 
His pupils shrank abruptly and he slammed down on the gas pedal. 
However, the next moment, the jeep caught up once more. 
No matter how hard he tried, he simply couldn’t shake off the jeep. On top of that, he was obviously driving very fast and there were several bends on the highway. It was as if one would be thrown right out of the car if they didn’t slow down… 
Yet! 
He spun the steering wheel frantically before he finally managed to turn a corner, but when he looked over at Nora—the woman had one hand on the steering wheel while she slowly stretched out the other. 
Suddenly, she made a finger gun, pointed it at him, and uttered, “Bang.” 
At that moment, Liam felt like he had just encountered the Devil himself.
###Chapter 878
The sports car droned, its engine running at high speed. 
But no matter how much Liam sped up or overtook the other party, he simply couldn’t shake off Nora. 
Gradually, he began to panic. 
His hands around the steering wheel were perspiring and cold sweat trickled down his forehead… 
He looked over at Nora again-only to see that the woman was still following him leisurely at the side. She was obviously overtaking him at times and could easily block his way by drifting horizontally, yet she deliberately slowed down and fell behind him. 
She was just like a cat that clearly could catch the mouse but chose to tease its prey by deliberately letting it escape and then catching it again. 
The look in the woman’s eyes when she looked at him also carried a sense of determination to get what she wanted. 
Liam felt even worse. He looked ahead of him again and swallowed nervously. 
His physical fitness had always been poor and he started to fumble about somewhat frantically despite only having driven for such a short period of time. His legs had even become a little weak from consecutively overtaking cars at high speed on the highway. 
Screech! 
He slammed on the brakes and nearly collided with the car in front while the car behind also nearly collided with him. The driver behind was so mad that he swore at him loudly when he drove past. 
However, Liam didn’t have the leisure to care about that. Instead, he looked at the big black jeep speeding past him.
He originally thought that the jeep would race off into the distance and would not be in time to brake, but unexpectedly, it instead steadily came to a stop once more with a screech at only 300 feet away. The woman was even in the mood to turn on the blinkers and stop the car at the shoulder. 
Her calm and collected attitude made Liam feel humiliated. 
He clenched his fists. 
Liam suddenly dove back into the car to start it up again. However, by then, Nora had already gotten out of the jeep and placed one hand on the door. She stood there quietly like a great mountain suppressing Liam. He simply couldn’t step on the gas pedal for the longest time. 
Liam, who was shaking all over, broke down mentally. Before Nora could even speak, he yelled, “The V16 is with me! Let me go and stop coming after me! Or else I will destroy 
it!! 
Nora raised her eyebrows. 
Seeing that she wasn’t saying anything, Liam finally started the car. His car had only traveled 600 feet when the jeep caught up with him from the back again. 
Liam panicked. He rolled down the window furiously and shouted to Nora, “I told you, don’t come after me! Or I will destroy the V16!” 
However, Nora ignored him and continued to follow him. 
Barbarian’s voice also reached Liam through his earphone.
“What’s going on? Is she out of her mind? She’s really not threatened by you?!” Liam snapped, “Who the f*ck knows what’s going on?! Barbarian, where did you glide to? Can you come over and provide reinforcements?!” 
Barbarian fell silent. He replied, “I won’t be able to make it there in time. As a precaution, I glided a few hundred miles away. You’re too far away, even if I do get to you, it will take me two or three hours… You have to calm down and keep yourself together…” 
“I can’t!” Liam hammered the steering wheel furiously. “It’s driving me nuts!” 
Barbarian: “…” 
Suddenly, Liam said, “I’ve made up my mind, I’ll return her one of the V16s. This way, she won’t keep haunting me anymore!” 
His words instantly enraged Barbarian. He said, “Which of us are you going to use it on if you bring back only one?!” 
Liam yelled, “I don’t have the goddamn time to care about you anymore! I just want to get away asap!” 
Nearly right after he said that, Liam suddenly took off the Bluetooth earphone on his ear and flung it out the window. 
The cars on the highway moved too quickly, the earphone was instantly crushed by the car behind the moment it fell to the ground. 
Barbarian’s voice faded into the wireless network.. 
Liam looked ahead—there was a bridge. 
He suddenly drove the car toward it. Then, he parked it and stood on the edge of the bridge.
In a mere span of about ten seconds, Nora’s car stopped beside him. She stood a short distance away and looked at him quietly. 
Liam, however, took out two serums and opened the lids. He pointed them at the bridge deck and said, “Don’t come over, Nora! Let’s make a deal! You let me go and we each take one of these two serums. But if you refuse to give me a way out, then I will empty them both into the river!”
###Chapter 879
Once Nora retrieved the serums, she would only need one for Xander. 
Caleb was the only one with some bare connections to Nora. However, his cancer was already at an advanced stage and he didn’t have long to live. Besides, he’d never thought of fighting for the serum, either. 
Therefore, it was true that she only needed one. 
It was better for Nora to agree to Liam’s offer. By having the two of them take one each, the spoils would be evenly divided. Moreover, the current situation seemed to have reached an impasse. 
Liam was very sure that Nora would agree, yet she merely cast her eyes down and continued forward. 
“Don’t move! If you come any nearer, I really will empty the serums into the river!” 
Liam shouted nervously. 
However, Nora did not stop. 
She continued to walk forward with a faint smile on her lips. 
“Well, It’s purified water anyway, so it doesn’t matter even if you empty them into the river.” 
Her words stunned Liam. “What did you say?” 
Nora looked at him. “As I said, we stayed in the school because we wanted to catch Barbarian, and for that end, we had made full preparations. So why would I head to the lab to refine the gene serum so carelessly after getting my hands on it?” 
She looked at Liam and went on. “I didn’t expect you to be the backup plan in Barbarian’s plans, but the moment you entered the lab, I figured it out. In that case, why would I still refine the V16 and give it to
you?” 
She stared at the reagent bottles in Liam’s hand and said, “Feel free to toss it.” 
There was only distilled water in there anyway–Nora had poured the real gene serum into an inconspicuous test tube in Wayne’s laboratory instead. 
It was only after Liam took the two bottles of “gene serum” and left that she had slowly, and leisurely, stored the real V16 in a special container. 
Liam: “!!” 
He stared at the bottles in his hand in disbelief. Suddenly, he opened the lids and tossed one straight into the river. 
But even when he did that, Nora didn’t react in the slightest. 
This showed that everything she said was true! 
Liam realized at once that he had been fooled! 
He threw the other bottle of purified water into the river too and immediately got into his car. Before Nora could catch up, he started the car violently, causing it to zoom straight ahead! 
Given Nora’s driving skills, he knew that she would definitely be able to catch up with him, but by then, fleeing had already become something instinctive for him. 
Seeing that panic had seized him again, Nora cast her eyes down and sneered. She got into her car, moving very slowly as she did. By the time she got into the car, Liam’s car was already 600 feet away. 
But just as she was about to speed up to catch up to Liam…
Bang! Boom! 
Liam’s car suddenly exploded violently!! 
The entire car was instantly submerged in a sea of flames, which in turn caused a few passing cars nearby to also explode! 
Nora could feel her car also shaking. Sound waves and the residual impact of the explosion assailed her from the front, the impact even cracked the windshield. 
– 
Half an hour later. 
In the hospital. 
Nora finished having her wounds dressed. 
Fortunately, the windshield of the car she was driving had been modified into bulletproof glass, so it was relatively safe. But even so, parts of the windshield had still shattered and stabbed into her arm. 
However, the other four or five cars around them were not as lucky. 
Some of the people in the cars suffered burns that covered more than 70% of their skin while others were killed on the spot. There was even a family of three in one of the cars. Both parents had died and only the child in the back seat had survived. Even so, he had also suffered burns. 
Before he was administered anesthesia, he kept calling out for his parents… The doctors could only comfort him and tell him that his parents would be back soon. 
The scene was simply too devastating and Nora couldn’t help clenching her fists as she watched.
She really didn’t expect that Spacey would plant a bomb on his own car. In addition, his mental resilience had also been much worse than she’d imagined. 
To think he would start running about in a panic like a headless chicken… 
She clenched her jaw. After her arm was bandaged, her cell phone rang. 
It was an unregistered number. 
She answered the call, whereupon Barbarian’s voice came from the other end: “Is the scene in front of you to your liking?” 
Nora’s pupils shrank abruptly at his words and she suddenly realized something. She asked, “You’re the one who planted the bomb in his car?” 
“That’s right,” Barbarian sneered, “Not only is he stupid and daft, but he’s also a coward who values his life very much. When someone like him encounters a problem, there’s no way they would have the guts to risk an act of desperation. If he didn’t die, it would have destroyed our plan! He knew too much! So, if he couldn’t retrieve the V16, then he must die!” 
Barbarian’s cold-heartedness made Nora clench her jaw. 
As Nora watched the bodies of the parents from the family of three being pushed out of the operating room, she suddenly couldn’t help but question him. “Have you ever thought about how many innocent people have been hurt by your actions? How many innocent families have been destroyed?” 
Barbarian sneered. “What do they have to do with me? Besides, from the moment I was born, has the world ever shown me any kindness? If not, then why should I show them any kindness? Don’t take the
moral high ground and condemn me. You haven’t suffered the way I have, how can you possibly understand how I feel?” 
He spoke coldly and indifferently. There was no anger in his voice-in fact, there wasn’t even any emotion, just like how a human wouldn’t be full of guilt just because they crushed an ant. 
His attitude convinced Nora that the man might really have bombed the whole Horgen District, had her aunt not helped her deal with the bomb there. 
If one were to say that Nora had felt that Barbarian and the others only became what they were today because of the cruel things that the mysterious organization had done to them, then she no longer held any sympathy for Barbarian at this point. 
Life should be respected, not toyed with as though it was worth nothing! 
Barbarian must exist only to take revenge on society, right? 
Nora did not say anything else. 
Barbarian, on the other hand, suddenly said, “The two gene serums are with you, right? But I’m telling you this: do not attempt to inject your son with the gene serum!” 
Nora was a little taken aback. “Why?” 
“Heh, when I was a child, I lived with four other children. Do you know how the four of them died? When they were injected with the seventh and eighth doses, the interval between those two doses was shorter than half the interval between the previous ones…” 
Nora suddenly realized something. She asked, “Are you saying that one would also die if they are injected with the V16 too early?” “Of course. Otherwise, why would we suddenly only start searching frantically for you during the last two years?”
Barbarian sneered and said, “It’s because all of us have only less than three months left, yet the drug cannot be injected in advance. You’ve only just injected your son with the V15, right? Then you’ll have to wait at least two months before you can inject him with the V16.” 
Nora didn’t believe Barbarian, but she didn’t dare to disregard his words either. 
She was afraid that something would go wrong. 
Barbarian would never tell her all this out of the kindness of his heart, though. Sure enough, the next moment, he said, “If you don’t believe me, then feel free to ask Caleb Gray about it. Of course, I’m not telling you all this out of kindness; rather, it’s because I can’t get back in time. I’m afraid that you would be in a hurry and inject your son with the serum first.” 
Nora: “…” 
Well, that made sense. 
She hung up on Barbarian and went to Caleb. 
Caleb’s operation had just ended. With his rib broken, he would have to be bedridden and rest for a while, no matter what. She asked Caleb about the authenticity of Barbarian’s claims and he told her that what he said was true. 
“It seems that I’ll have to find a place to store the serum and wait for a month to pass before I can inject Xander with it?” 
Nora felt uneasy. 
She had finally obtained the serum after much difficulty but she was now being told that she had to wait another month. 
Who knew what other unforeseen events might occur during this one month’s time?!
Caleb also felt awfully helpless. He sighed and said, “Yes, that’s right. Also, since Trueman is watching Barbarian, he must also know that the serums are with you. While Barbarian is also a fearsome existence, Trueman is not to be trifled with either. I’d suggest that you stay cautious during this one month’s time.” 
A resigned Nora nodded. 
A safe place… 
She hardly knew of any safe places. 
What was she going to do about this? 
She wondered if Justin had any? 
At the thought of Justin, though, Nora couldn’t help but gnash her teeth. 
Where had that scumbag gone while she was slaving away here?! Nora inwardly gave the man a piece of her mind in secret. With the school on lockdown and even the explosion on the bridge, she didn’t believe that Justin wasn’t aware of their situation. 
Since he wasn’t contacting them, it meant that he might be doing something more important. 
Nora had only just thought of this when her cell phone rang. 
When she answered, her aunt’s voice came from the opposite end: “Cherry and the others are here with me. When are you coming over?” 
Nora heaved a silent sigh and replied, “Now, I guess.” 
It had been a very long time since she had last seen her aunt.
###Chapter 880
Nora drove to the castle where Queenie lived. 
Over the years, NTT had become the largest company in Switzerland after it was founded by Queenie. Moreover, she loved living a luxurious lifestyle, so she had built a castle in the country. 
The castle was an impregnable fortress. Even if Barbarian knew that they were here, unless he dropped a nuclear bomb on the castle, it was impossible for him to blow up the place. 
All the architecture she saw along the way as she drove was European-style, the castle was gorgeous. 
As soon as Nora’s car arrived at the entrance of the castle, the huge iron gates opened automatically. There, John, the butler, greeted her in person. When he saw Nora, he said with a smile, “Good day, Ms. Nora.” 
Nora nodded at John. However, she did not get out of the car but continued driving further into the castle. 
It took more than ten minutes to drive from the entrance to the place where Queenie lived, which went to show just how expansive the castle grounds were. 
At last, the car stopped in front of a villa. Nora had only just parked the car when Cherry, Pete, and Xander came running out of the villa. 
Cherry hugged Nora and said, “Mommy, I miss you so much! It’s only been a day but it feels like forever since I last saw you!” 
Pete also grabbed her hand and looked up at her fondly. 
Nora took the opportunity to squat down and give Cherry a kiss. She also pecked Pete on the cheek. Pete’s cheeks were all red and he was very content.
Xander adopted a cocky act and snorted derisively when he saw the two children’s behavior. He commented, “You two haven’t weaned off your mom’s milk yet, have you?” 
But Nora grabbed him and kissed him on the cheek too. 
Xander immediately put on a disgusted expression. As he wiped off the non-existent saliva on his cheek, he said, “Yuck, don’t you find that filthy?” 
His eyes, however, were sparkling. 
At a young age, he had already learned to say one thing when he really meant another. 
Nora ruffled his hair and then led the three children into the villa. 
Nora felt exceptionally relaxed, both physically and mentally, here. 
Back then, after her aunt took her away, she’d lived here for five years. This place was like her real home and was also the first place to have given her a sense of security. 
Upon entering the living room, she looked at the woman sitting on the sofa. 
The woman was in her forties, yet she looked like she was only in her early thirties. When she stood next to Nora, one would believe it even if they were told that the two of them were sisters. 
She gave off a different feeling from Iris. 
Iris was like a celestial maiden, ethereal with an otherworldly beauty. 
Queenie, however, was arrogant and flamboyant. Clad in a red silk nightdress, her nails were painted scarlet and she held a glass of red wine in her hand as she leaned against the sofa. Her eyes were bright and teasing as she looked at Nora. “Wow, you actually remembered to come home?”
Nora smiled and sat beside her. She took her arm and said, “Hi, Aunt Queenie.” 
Queenie snorted and said, “And here I thought you’ve already forgotten that you still have an aunt in me. You’re really something now, aren’t you? To think you didn’t come to me after you came to Switzerland, ha!” 
Nora: “.” 
S 
Cherry ran over and hugged Queenie’s arm. She said, “Don’t be mad at Mommy, Grandaunt Queenie! Mommy really misses you very much, it’s just that she has a bit of work to do. She was afraid that you won’t let her work if she came back, that’s why she stayed elsewhere instead! Although we didn’t come back, we still thought of you every day~” 
Queenie immediately put her arms around Cherry and pecked her on the cheek. “Oh, my precious little baby. Why is your tongue so sweet?” 
Cherry burst into giggles. 
Nora also breathed a sigh of relief. 
Her aunt had a bad temper, and when she got mad, it scared even her. 
Back then, when she gave birth in the States and almost died, her aunt had returned to the country and then taken her abroad without a word. But after that, she had ignored her for half a year. 
Nora and her aunt had been in contact since she was a child. Her aunt had even wanted to take her abroad when she unexpectedly became pregnant, but Nora had refused.
At that time, she had felt that staying in the country would be more comfortable since there was no one bothering her. 
This led to her nearly having a lethal complication that year. 
After being mad at her for half a year, her aunt finally broke the silence and spoke to her only because Cherry was simply too adorable. 
Pete and Xander stood at the side and looked at the grandaunt whom they didn’t know. After Queenie had her fill of kissing Cherry, who was in her arms, she finally asked, “By the way, where’s your Mr. Hunt? How come he’s not worried about leaving you here alone?” 
Nora heaved a silent sigh and answered, “I don’t know where he’s gone.” 
Queenie snorted coldly and said, “All these men! None of them are reliable! On top of fighting with Barbarian, they even tried to rob you of your things, yet he didn’t even show up! What’s the use of having a man like him? If you ask me, you should just come to me with the children, instead!” 
Nora smiled and replied, “That’s exactly what I have in mind. You gotta keep your word, okay?” 
Queenie choked. A moment later, she curled her lips and said, “Forget it, your Mr. Hunt is not someone to be trifled with.” 
Her reply, however, made Nora frown. She suddenly asked, “Aunt Queenie, you seem to know Justin? Who on earth is he? How come even someone like you are in awe of him?” 
“Awe? What nonsense! C’mon, can you hold a conversation or not?! I’m reluctant to go against him only because things will become very troublesome if I mess with him! Do you think I’m afraid of him?” 
Queenie raised her glass of red wine and took a sip. Then, she gave her a wink and said, “But if you want to know, I can let you in on a secret…”
Queenie raised her chin at Nora. 
Nora leaned over and brought her ear closer. Then, she said, “Aunt Queenie, compared to Justin, I’m actually more interested in your secrets. Who… on earth are you?”
###Chapter 881
Ever since she was born, Nora had known that she had an Aunt Queenie. 
Even Henry knew of her. Her aunt would also come back to the country to visit her once a year. 
Henry thought that Queenie lived a very difficult life abroad, so he had never shown her much civility. However, Queenie treated Nora very kindly. She told her that she was her mother’s god-sister and that her mother had once saved her life. Nora hadn’t thought much about it back then. 
Later, Queenie continued to treat her very well. 
Five years ago, when she brought her from the United States to Switzerland, one could say that she had saved her life. After all, a woman was actually at her weakest and frailest during labor. 
Moreover, she had even been pregnant with twins… no, triplets. To make matters worse, it had never occurred to her that she might go into labor in advance, so she hadn’t been prepared. 
It couldn’t have been easier for someone to take her life at that time if they had wanted to. 
It was her aunt who had nursed her back to health. Later, she even gave in to all of Cherry’s demands, which gradually made Nora lower her guard towards her. 
But Nora was still very curious—who on earth was her aunt? 
She had founded and raised NTT from the ground up… Nora had checked NTT’s success story before and one could say that it was totally a savage one. She had first resold counterfeit goods in Southeast Asia, where she made a lot of money amid a hail of gunfire. After that, she came to Switzerland and started a money laundering business. 
This continued until she founded NTT and established it into a world-renowned enterprise. 
The woman had taken only twenty-odd years to develop NTT to the flourishing business it was today!
However, there was nothing about the first twenty years of the life of someone like her. 
Given how much of a talented and intelligent woman she was, how could she possibly have led a dull and uneventful life during the first twenty years of her life? 
Just like Yvette, it was impossible for one to conceal their talent. Despite not having a dramatic personality, Yvette’s name had still become known to others in New York back in that era. 
Outstanding people—especially those who reached the apex in an industry-would always shine, no matter how low-key they stayed. 
But this wasn’t the case for Queenie. 
The first twenty years of her life were too ordinary. She was a girl who had grown up in a normal family and then suddenly emerged dazzling when she turned twenty years old… This was simply too unusual. 
Upon hearing Nora’s words, the corners of Queenie’s lips couldn’t help but curl into a smile. She said, “What’s the matter? You don’t trust me?” 
Nora stared into Queenie’s eyes with her own almond-shaped ones. 
Queenie had very attractive eyes. They were slightly upturned and looked very charming. When her lips curled up into a faint smile, she formed a particularly bewitching sight. 
Nora sighed. “Why wouldn’t I?” 
If she didn’t trust her, would she have sent the three children here? 
One could say that Nora trusted Queenie the most in this world-even if she knew next to nothing about her. 
Even Justin would have to take a backseat…
Queenie scoffed. “Don’t bother thinking any further about it. You will know who I am, and everything else you should know, when it’s time for you to find out. Do you want to know Justin Hunt’s secret or not?” 
“No.” 
Nora waved Queenie off and said, “I’d rather have him tell me himself.” 
Queenie stared at her speechlessly for a while. In the end, she snorted and said, “I didn’t expect you to fall for a man.” 
Nora knew what Queenie meant. 
Back when she was living abroad, Queenie had introduced several men to her, but she had rejected them all. It was true that she hadn’t had any plans for romance at that time. 
Besides, she felt that being in love would affect her sleep time too much! Therefore, she had once declared that she would never fall in love with anyone in her whole life, nor would she ever get married. 
Who would have thought that she would meet Justin after that… 
Nora was about to speak when Xander, who was next to her, blinked with his big eyes and interrupted them. He asked, “Is Mommy supposed to fall in love with a woman then?” 
Queenie: “!” 
Nora: “!” 
Pete and Cherry: “” 
All four of them turned and looked at Xander in unison, making the little fellow shrink back. “W-what?”
IIII 
His interjection stopped Nora and Queenie from conversing further, though. Instead, Queenie stood and said, “Alright, kiddos, how about coming upstairs with me and having a look at your room?” “Okay!” 
Pete and Xander got up. 
Cherry took their hands and said, “Come on, let’s go! I’ll show you guys around our home! My room is really, really big, so we can sleep together, yeah!” 
Hearing Cherry calling the place “our home” brought a smile to Queenie’s eyes. 
Nora also stood up. She was about to head upstairs with them when her cell phone suddenly rang. When she answered, the voice of Cindy, who was helping her take care of the houses, came from the other end: “Boss, there is something wrong with Rene…” “What’s wrong?” 
Nora’s eyes turned a little chilly. 
Cindy replied, “She hasn’t left her house since yesterday. I found it strange, so I went in to take a look just now, and that’s when I found her on the bed with her hands and feet bound. Later, I found out that it was Liam who had tied her up… He had sent Rene to get close to us, but now that she isn’t of use anymore, he abandoned her here.” 
“… And then?” Nora prompted. 
It stood to reason that Cindy should be more than capable of handling these people smoothly, so why was she still calling her for instructions? 
Cindy sighed and said, “I untied Rene and told her to leave-after all, I know you probably won’t hold it against her—but she refused to. She says that Liam was just pranking her and would definitely come back for her. She simply refuses to leave the house no matter what…
“Also, there’s something mentally wrong with her. She has stayed curled up in a corner all this time, neither eating nor drinking. She just huddles up with her arms around her knees. She looks kinda pitiful, so I’m wondering if it’s okay if we take her in for a few days?” 
After speaking, Cindy also became sure that she was being soft-hearted this time, so she hurriedly added, “I won’t let her come into contact with you guys ever again.” 
Nora sighed silently. 
Rene was a pitiable person. 
Being adopted by abusive parents at a very young age, she had left one hellhole with much difficulty only to be brought into another by Liam. 
Liam had treated Rene really well—so well that Rene must have even begun to believe in love, right? 
But in the end, he had only been making use of her. 
How could so many instances of love between people of unequal statuses possibly exist in this world? 
Nora thought for a moment and then said, “Mm, just let her live there if she doesn’t want to leave. We are not short of that bit of rent anyway.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora hung up the phone and went upstairs. 
As soon as she arrived on the third floor, she heard Cherry pointing to a room and explaining to Pete and Xander, “That room is full of Grandaunt Queenie’s secrets, so we can’t go in there, okay~? No matter the circumstances, we are not allowed to go in, okay?” 
Nora’s eyes fell on the door.
Ever since she came to Switzerland five years ago, she had been told all this time that she was forbidden from entering Queenie’s room. 
Nora had never once pried into Queenie’s privacy or secrets, either. 
However, it would be a lie to say that she wasn’t curious. 
In fact, there were so many times she had wanted to push the door open, only to restrain herself in the end… 
It was at this moment that Queenie suddenly stood in front of her and asked with a smile, “Wanna go in?”
###Chapter 882
When Nora heard this, she pursed her lips. 
Of course, she wanted to. 
But could she enter? 
Queenie had asked her countless times in the past five years but she would never really let her in. 
She pursed her lips and was about to speak when Queenie smiled. “Don’t worry. The things inside will be yours sooner or later, but not now.” 
A hint of sadness flashed across her eyes every time she heard this. 
When Nora heard this, she could not help but retort. “Since it will be mine sooner or later, why can’t it be now?” 
“Because it’s noon.” 
Nora: “…” 
Again. 
Queenie, this indecent woman, always liked to tease her like this. 
She grimaced. “Forget it if you don’t want to let me in.” 
With that, she took the three little ones to their room. 
When she learned that Nora had three children, Queenie got someone to renovate the house. The three children were still young and liked to live together. Therefore, Queenie burst open the room beside Cherry’s and made one big room.
The three children lived together. 
In a room more than a hundred square meters, there were only three beds. In the big room beside it was a children’s amusement park with everything they could ask for. 
There were childish games, Legos, and some smart games. Even Pete and Xander, two highly intelligent children, liked them very much. 
Cherry was the only one playing with childish skateboards and stuff. 
She was not stupid, but she was too lazy to think. 
She even said forcefully, “A five-year-old should do what a five-year-old does. Brothers, if you have already learned everything, what will you learn when you grow up?” 
Pete and Xander nodded in unison. “Sister is right!” 
The corners of Nora’s mouth twitched. These two kids and their sister complex… If she did not know that Cherry was a good-natured child, Nora would be worried that her family had raised a devil incarnate. 
She walked the three children around the room and played with them the entire afternoon. 
At night, after the three little ones went to sleep, Nora went to Queenie’s room. She took out the V16 serum and handed it to Queenie. “Aunt, keep this safe for a month for me.” 
She had already asked Caleb. She would be able to Xander with the gene serum in a month. 
Queenie casually took the thing in her hand and looked at it a few times. “This is what that group of people is fighting with you for, 
right?”
Nora nodded. 
Queenie looked at her. “Do you trust me that much? Aren’t you afraid I could have gotten close to you just for this?” 
Nora said seriously, “Aunt, there are two bottles here. If you got close to me for this, you can take one bottle and leave the other for Xander.” 
Queenie was slightly stunned. 
After a moment, she suddenly smiled. “You’re quite generous.” 
She did not admit that she also wanted the serum. She did not deny it, either. However, it made Nora even more confused. 
However, Nora did not probe further. 
She had never probed too much about Queenie. 
It was just like Justin. If Queenie was willing to tell her, she would do so. Nora would wait until that day. 
At night, Nora slept her first good sleep since coming to Switzerland. 
Ever since she brought the three little ones overseas, she had been guarding against Barbarian and Spacey. 
She had expected that she would be exposed to Spacey’s vision the moment she stepped overseas. Although she could not guess how, she had nevertheless taken precautions. 
Nora never underestimated any opponent.
In the end, she got both bottles. 
The result of her scheming was that she had not slept well for a few days. 
Therefore, she slept from eight the previous night to two the next afternoon for a total of 18 hours. 
When she woke up, all her fatigue was gone. 
Nora stretched before picking up her phone. She realized that there were a few missed calls on her phone. They were all from Tanya. 
Tanya was living very happily with Joel in New York. Why would she suddenly call her? 
Nora raised her eyebrows and called Tanya. 
Tanya picked up quickly. “Nora, my father has something he wants to trouble you with. However, if his matter is very dangerous, you don’t have to promise him anything. I’ve already told him…” 
Her father… 
Nora had just woken up, so she took a while before reacting. Tanya’s father was… Karl Moore? 
Why was he looking for her? 
Could something be wrong with the Assassin Alliance? 
Nora said, “Okay, I’ll contact him.” 
After Karl’s identity as a police informant was exposed in the country, he chose not to stay. 
After being in the underworld his entire life, he was already used to the underground life in Switzerland. Although he was reluctant to leave the country, he did not want to stay.
Therefore, he chose to go overseas. Nora understood why Tanya had called her. After all, he was Tanya’s father. If his life was in danger, she should help him. 
However, what Tanya did not know was that Nora and Karl were also good friends. After all, she was the number one assassin in the Assassin Alliance, Black Cat. 
Nora called Karl. He picked up quickly. “Hello, niece. Can you do me a favor?” 
Nora: “… What favor?” 
Karl seemed to find it a little difficult to explain. He suddenly asked, “By the way, have you watched the new movie, ‘Assassin Not Calm’?” 
Nora: “” 
What the heck was this? 
What did his need for a favor have to do with the movie? 
Then, she heard Karl say, “That movie is about an actor acting as an assassin. Coincidentally, I encountered some trouble here and needed our Black Cat to make an appearance. However, I can’t contact Black Cat at all. Someone recommended that movie to me, so I came looking for you.” 
Nora: “” 
Karl continued, “Do you know who Black Cat is? She’s the number one assassin in our Assassin Alliance, a world-famous personality. Um, we recently received a job to protect the Queen of the UK during an event. However, the other party specifically asked Black Cat to come personally… Black Cat is busy in New York, so she can’t come. Can you help me to put on a show?” 
Nora: “”
Karl continued, “I originally wanted to call Tanya over, but she’s too hot-tempered. She doesn’t have the temperament of Black Cat at all. Then, I thought of you. You’re cold enough and cool enough. You’re very similar to Black Cat, so can you help me with this? By the way, this isn’t dangerous. You just have to keep a straight face and not speak. You can even sleep.” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
Was Karl asking her to act as herself? Was he high…
###Chapter 883
Seeing that Nora was silent, Karl was afraid that she would disagree, so he explained further. “Don’t worry, we’ll protect you. We have many experts here. Actually, it would have been fine if Black Cat wasn’t around. However, Queenie heard about Black Cat’s reputation, so she specially requested Black Cat… You don’t have to do anything at all. Besides, the Queen is coming to Switzerland for a meeting this time. It doesn’t have to be too long. I’ll just delay you for three days…” 
Nora: “…Since that’s the case, just explain the situation.” 
Karl scratched his head. “Damn, I’ll tell you the truth. You might not know this but there’s an organization called the Hitman League in our industry. We’re rivals. All these years, because of Black Cat, the Hitman League has been suppressed by us. This time, besides her own guards, the Queen of the UK also invited some of us and some people from the Hitman League to guard her. The people from the Hitman League suggested your name. They even mockingly said, “Isn’t the Queen worth the appearance of Black Cat?” They’ve put us on fire. We can’t disrespect the Queen…” 
Nora thought about the Queen’s character. She indeed wanted the best in everything. Since the Hitman League mentioned Black Cat, the queen must want Black Cat. 
As a member of the Assassin Alliance, Nora had to consider matters for the Assassin Alliance, so after thinking for a moment, she said, “Alright.” 
Karl was overjoyed. “Then I’ll send someone to pick you up? I’ll tell you about the habits and characteristics of Black Cat so that you won’t expose yourself in front of others. Besides, you’re the Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts… You shouldn’t be afraid of anything in terms of martial arts…” 
Nora nodded without much care. “Okay.” 
Spacey was dead and Barbarian had fled outside.
Indeed, she had nothing to do now. 
After hanging up, Karl was afraid that she would regret it and immediately sent someone to pick her up. Therefore, two hours later, Nora arrived at the headquarters of the Assassin Alliance. 
SON 
rs 
This was a basement. The light was dim. 
Nora, as Black Cat, had been here before. At that time, she had asked Karl why he chose this place. The reason Karl gave was: the atmosphere here was strong. 
For a killer association, black was the best color! 
Nora was speechless about this but she respected Karl’s choice. 
At this moment, she looked at Karl standing opposite to her and saw that he had already taken out a black cat face mask and handed it to her. “Hehe, Black Cat always wears a mask for the outside world. The only time she doesn’t wear a mask is when she assassinates someone. Therefore, everyone who knows what she looks like is dead. This also means that no one knows what Black Cat looks like. Therefore, it’s perfect for you to pretend to be her.” 
He said with anticipation, “This is the mask that Black Cat left here. Put it on and see if the size is suitable… Oh, right, I’ll tell you about her habits. Black Cat keeps her hands in her pockets so that she can take out her concealed weapons at any time. And her back is always straight. As for her temperament…” 
Karl scratched his head. “Her temperament is very mysterious. I can’t say for sure. Sigh, I can’t ask for your acting to be exactly similar… Put on the mask first. Let’s see…”
Along with this sentence, he saw Nora smile and put the mask on her face. 
At that moment, Karl’s eyes widened…
###Chapter 884
“You look like her! You look so much like 
her!” 
Karl circled around Nora. “If I didn’t know who you were, I’d have been convinced that you were Black Cat.” 
Nora: “…” 
Actually, it wouldn’t hurt even if she told him the truth, but she was currently in the open while Barbarian and the rest were hidden in the dark. She didn’t want them to find out too many of her different identities. 
Thus, she didn’t say anything. 
After circling around her twice, Karl said to Black Panther, the assassin ranked second in the Assassin Alliance, standing next to him, “If anything happens, you are to handle it. Don’t let Ms. Smith do it, lest it expose her identity.” 
Black Panther glanced up and down at Nora, curled his lips, and said, “Fine.” 
Karl then smiled again. “But there’s no fear even if she has to fight. Ms. Smith is no delicate, sheltered young lady. She’s the Big Sister of Quinn School of Martial Arts in the States… Her moves are not any worse than Black Cat’s!” 
Black Panther was not happy to hear that, though. He sneered and said, “Now, I don’t like the sound of that, Boss. How are her moves on par with Black Cat’s? Even if the two are more or less equals in their fighting abilities, Black Cat is still an assassin. She is an existence that people can’t even begin to guard against. If Black Cat and Ms. Smith have to face each other in a fight, Ms. Smith would probably be killed before she even realizes what’s going on!”
“What nonsense are you saying?” 
Karl gave Black Panther a push and then looked at Nora and apologized. “Don’t take what he says to heart, Nora! Black Panther is a diehard fan of Black Cat and is a huge supporter of her. Don’t hold it against him…” 
Nora would never hold it against Black Panther, of course. 
Because of her, Black Panther had even changed his codename as an assassin, saying that he wanted to be part of the same series as her. He even made a big hoo-ha about this in the Assassin Alliance, such that the codenames of all the members of the Assassin Alliance were now things like “Black Bear”, “Black Ram”, “Black Hound”, and so on. The place had pretty much become a zoo of large black animals. 
Nora nodded. 
Only then did Karl breathe a sigh of relief. 
Then, he spoke again. “Nora, don’t mind me if I talk a bit more, okay? Uh, don’t tell Tanya what I do outside of the States, all right…? She’s a delicate and proper young lady raised in a well-to-do family. Let’s just let her stay at home and try for a second child with peace of mind. Don’t let her know what we men are doing outside, lest it worry her…” 
Nora was surprised. “… She wants a second child?” 
“Yeah!” Karl said, “When I was on a video call with her, she said that you have already given birth to three children while she has only one, so she must hurry to catch up with you and strive to have three children too!” 
II
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. Tanya probably wanted more children only because her relationship with Joel was really good! 
But she kinda understood how she felt. 
Neither Tanya nor Joel had many whom they truly considered their kin, so they must feel especially lonely. 
She could still remember what Tanya had once said. She actually had a dream when she was a child: to have many children and treat them especially well. 
Since she didn’t have a mother who treated her kindly, she would give her children a good mother, instead. 
At that time, Tanya and Joel had already broken up and she was living abroad. 
Her only child had also gone missing. 
Nora had asked her why she wasn’t having children right away-after all, with another child, her guilt towards her missing child would lessen and she would also be able to start a new lease of life. 
Tanya’s answer at that time was that she hadn’t yet met the person whom she was willing to bear children for. 
Now that she had met Joel, Tanya must be planning to kick off her grand baby-making plans, right? 
While she was thinking, Karl asked secretively, “By the way, you’re a doctor, right? Do you have any way of helping Tanya have a multiple pregnancy?” 
Nora: “?” 
Karl sighed. “She’s my only daughter; I don’t have any descendants apart from her. In the past, I gave all the money I made to the people of the United States, only to find out in the end that Johnson had withheld all of it without authorization. All of it was recovered later, though, and Captain Ford of the special department has also returned it all to me. You can say that I am now a person with substantial financial assets, in which case I would need someone to inherit them, right? If Tanya can give birth to a few more children and let me pick one of them to take over my business, that alone would make me content!” 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “How many are you planning for Tanya to have?” 
“Two at the very least, I suppose. Mia is definitely not going to be suitable to take over my business. Besides, judging from the crazy extent of how much Joel dotes on and spoils her, he’s definitely going to want another child so that they can inherit the Smiths’ business and work to support Mia. In that case, Tanya would have to give birth to at least two more! Three would also do, but four is the most ideal!” 
Nora: “!!” 
Did that guy think Tanya was a sow? 
And think that she could produce four in a litter? 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she rolled her eyes, wondering to herself how come Karl had become so unreliable these days… 
She didn’t entertain the topic any further but asked, “What is the route like for the security assignment this time?” 
The Assassin Alliance’s front was actually a security agency, so they took on security management gigs for some events.
Upon Nora’s words, Karl finally came back to his senses. He explained, “I’ll give you a quick explanation about the job. We are protecting the Queen of the UK this time, but it’s not the Queen herself who engaged our services, It’s the Swiss authorities.” 
Nora raised her brows. 
Karl went on. “Her Majesty will be bringing her own guards while we are responsible for the security of the outer boundaries. By the way, I heard that Her Majesty brought a little princess with her. Her name seems to be Lucy? Didn’t she visit your home previously?” 
Nora: “?” 
Wasn’t she Cherry’s little buddy? 
She was here too? 
While Nora was thinking, Karl went on. “The Swiss authorities have not only hired us to protect Her Majesty but also approached the Hitman League. The workload is actually not a lot, but it’s a good opportunity for our company to do some publicity…”. 
After going abroad this time, Karl had gradually cleaned up the company’s act. 
Taking on assassination missions all the time would make the organization shadier and shadier. Now that he had a daughter, he wanted to make the organization a clean and aboveboard one. 
This way, at least he wouldn’t be registered as a person banned from entering the country when he wanted to return to the United States to visit his daughter. 
Of course…
Even if he used to be the local police’s informant, he was ultimately still an underground overlord now, so he would have to undergo strict checks when entering the country. 
In other words, if Morris didn’t give the relevant authorities a heads-up, someone like Karl would not be allowed entry into the country at all. 
American soldiers were all men of firm and unyielding character. They didn’t fear the Assassin Alliance at all. 
Therefore, the organization would indeed have to take on security jobs from now on. 
All the members of the organization were on board with it. Karl had also sent a message to Black Cat to notify her of it, and she had agreed to it as well. Therefore, everyone would be going into the light from now on. 
After saying this, Karl took out a few photos. “By the way, this is a photo of the captain of the Queen’s personal bodyguards. Here, have a look. I heard he’s extremely formidable and mysterious, so let’s try our best not to get into a clash with him.” 
Nora took the photo from Karl. She had only taken a glance when she froze. 
She broke into a frown. 
She had never imagined that this guy could turn out to be the captain of the Queen’s personal bodyguards?
###Chapter 885
The captain of the guards was slender and the muscles on his body evenly-proportioned, making him look like someone not to be trifled with. His looks were finally revealed this time. 
Likely of mixed descent, the man was very good-looking. It was just that he had red eyes, and it was exactly through those eyes that Nora had recognized him—he was Barbarian!! 
Never could she have ever imagined that Barbarian would turn out to be the captain of the Queen’s Royal Guards! 
She broke into a frown, suddenly feeling like there seemed to be more to it than met the eye. 
But when she thought about it, it made sense. For Barbarian to survive unharmed until now after he left the mysterious organization and became enemies with Trueman, he must have some kind of power backing him up. 
But if the Queen of the UK was the said power, then it wouldn’t be as surprising anymore. 
Did Her Majesty know of Barbarian’s true identity, though? 
Did she know that he was a serial killer?! 
Nora frowned as she thought of the Queen’s personality and temperament… 
Cherry and Princess Lucy had become close friends because Queenie had brought the former over and introduced her to Lucy. Additionally, the Queen also treated her extremely courteously. 
Firstly, it was because she wanted Queenie to also establish a company like NTT in the UK -after all, one should not underestimate the power of capitalism in foreign countries. Secondly, it seemed that it was because she also wanted something from her.
What she wanted, though, was something Nora wouldn’t know. All she knew was that there were a lot of connections between NTT and the British Royal Family. 
When she thought about it that way, Nora couldn’t help feeling like things had become complicated. 
Just then, her cell phone rang. 
Cherry’s voice reached her from the other end when she answered. 
“Mommy, Princess Lucy is in Switzerland. She said that she is here to attend a meeting between country leaders and that she also wants to visit Grandaunt Queenie. Do I let her know that I’m also here?” 
Everyone already knew that they were in Switzerland by now, so there was no need for them to hide it anymore. 
Besides… 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
She had only just entrusted the V16 to Queenie whose castle was an impregnable fortress. No matter how strong Barbarian was, he was still human with the limitations of a human’s body. There was no way he could ever get in! 
Yet at precisely a critical moment like this, the Queen of the UK had come with the little princess. On top of that, the princess even wanted to visit… 
It was impossible not to read too much into it. 
But since they were already here, then she would just take things as they came!
Nora replied, “Yeah, sure.” 
“Okie-Dokie! I haven’t seen Lucy for the longest time too! I love you, Mommy-“ 
Cherry kissed her phone before she hung up excitedly, likely off to reply to Princess Lucy’s text messages. 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. 
At this moment, Black Panther standing next to her suddenly spoke. “By the way, have you met Her Majesty before? Don’t you act like a bumpkin when you meet Her Majesty! You have to stay calm, you hear? You’re representing Black Cat now, you know! You mustn’t bring shame to her name!” 
Nora: “!!!” 
However, she ignored Black Panther and looked at Karl instead. She suddenly asked, “What is the Queen of the UK here in Switzerland for?” 
Karl thought for a moment and then looked around before he got Black Panther to lead the others out of the room. Only then did he walk over to the door and glanced outside. 
After seeing that no one was paying any attention to them, he even closed the windows and so on before he finally lowered his voice and said, “I asked around and found out some information, but you mustn’t spread it to outsiders, okay…?” 
Nora nodded. 
Karl said, “I heard that it’s because some people in Switzerland want to get acquainted with Mr. King, so they asked Her Majesty to introduce them to one another.” 
His words made Nora’s eyes widen abruptly. “What?”
King was coming? 
That very same… King from the Imperial League?!
###Chapter 886
At the mention of King, Nora thought of how Old Maddy, before he left the United States, had once told her that she would not have any way of contending with the mysterious organization at all unless she had King’s support. 
She had privately sent text messages to King afterward, but because she was too lazy to foster a connection with him, it eventually went nowhere. Little did she expect that King would be coming to Switzerland? 
Wouldn’t she be seeing the legendary King soon too then?! 
While thinking about it, Nora headed home. The Queen would only be here the next day. Karl originally wanted her to stay the night at the Assassin Alliance, but Nora had declined. 
After all, she had three kids at home waiting for her! 
She went straight home. 
The three little fellows were playing together at home. 
Cherry, who didn’t have to attend school now, was gaming all she wanted. 
Pete looked at her helplessly. He wanted to persuade her to study, but unfortunately for him, Cherry was paying him no attention whatsoever. As for Xander, he seemed to be playing with his cell phone indifferently as though he was trying to study and learn something on it. 
When Nora got home, she saw the three little fellows playing separately on their own. 
The moment she entered the room, Cherry looked up at her and immediately tossed her cell phone aside. She ran over, hugged her leg, and said, “Mommy, you’re back? I missed you! Did you miss me?” Nora: “…”
W 
Just like that, the scolding Nora was about to give upon seeing Cherry playing on her cell phone again was suppressed. 
The little fellow knew how to deal with her simply too well. 
Nora heaved a soundless sigh and ruffled her hair. 
Cherry blinked with her dark grape-like eyes, and with great self-awareness, said, “Mommy, I’d only just started my first round when you came. I wasn’t playing at all till now! Really! You can ask Pete and Xander about it if you don’t believe me!” 
Cherry blinked her eyes a couple of times at Pete and Xander after she spoke. 
“… Yeah, she wasn’t playing,” said Xander. 
Pete looked at Nora. The upright little guy didn’t want to lie to his mother, so he felt a little troubled and his face scrunched up. 
When Queenie, who was next to him, caught a glimpse of his expression, she burst out laughing, which sort of rescued Pete from his dilemma. She remarked, “Your children have such distinct personalities.” 
She pointed at Cherry and commented, “She’s a quick-witted little imp.” 
Then, she pointed to Pete and commented, “This boy is already so calm and steady at his young age. He’s got a very strong sense of awareness of being the eldest.” 
But as soon as she said that, Xander retorted indignantly, “I’m the eldest here!”
Pete looked at Xander and sighed. “Okay, okay, you’re the eldest. Don’t kick up a fuss with Grandaunt Queenie.” 
Xander: “?” 
What’s up with that indulgent tone? 
He sounded just like an elder brother tolerating his younger brother’s tantrums! 
Xander was about to erupt. “I’m telling the truth! I’m the eldest!” 
“Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, everything you say is right,” said Pete. 
Xander: “…” 
The little guy had always been sharp-tongued and eloquent with others, but why was he feeling like he was at a huge disadvantage when he was up against Pete’s “good-natured and modest” personality? 
It was as if he was the one being unreasonable and kicking up a fuss. 
The corners of Xander’s lips spasmed. He sneered and said, “Fine, whoever has the higher IQ between the two of us would be the eldest. How does that sound?” 
Pete replied, “Okay.” 
Xander looked straight at the book in his hand and said, “Then let’s compete using Mathematical Olympiad problems?” 
Pete replied, “Sure, I’m okay with them all. It’s also okay if we don’t compete.” 
Xander: “!!!”
Seeing that Xander was already all bent out of shape, Pete blinked a couple of times with his dark eyes.
###Chapter 887
Earlier, he had been having a dispute with Xander over who was elder between the two, but later, his mommy had said that whoever was calmer, steadier, and more tolerant of their younger siblings would be the elder brother. It was at that time that Pete had suddenly understood the true meaning of being an elder brother. 
And wasn’t that so? Look at how he had shut up Xander who was smart-mouthed and liked insulting others. 
Seeing how calm and unperturbed he was, Xander looked at Cherry. The little girl had already taken advantage of the quarrel between the two boys to pick up her cell phone and had started another fierce and exciting team battle. 
Xander asked, “Cherry, who is the elder brother here?” 
Cherry didn’t even look up. “You are both my elder brothers!” 
“No,” Xander said, “You have to say who your eldest brother is!” 
Nora was a little troubled by the dispute between the two boys. 
The problem was, even as their mother, she couldn’t even give an answer, either. 
Upon being pressed for an answer by Xander, Cherry blinked and looked up. “Actually, Pete has always been the eldest to me~” 
As soon as she said that, Xander’s eyes turned red. “How can you say that?!” 
Compared to Xander, Pete was calmer and steadier. On top of that, he gave in to her all the time and even planned everything out for her, so Cherry had long since considered Pete the eldest among them.
As for Xander, because of the environment he was brought up in, he had a very extreme personality, and the way he behaved and handled things seemed a little frivolous. Although Cherry regarded him as her elder brother too, she still found Pete more like the elder brother between the two. 
Could she say that, though? 
Most certainly not. 
Thus, Cherry blinked and sighed. “It’s because Pete and I met each other first, Xander. That’s why I think he’s the elder brother between the two of you!” 
Since she couldn’t say it was a personality issue, Cherry simply diverted the topic to whom she had met first. 
As soon as she said that, Xander became worked up and he shouted, “But we clearly knew each other first!” 
Cherry was taken aback. “Huh? How did we know each other first?” 
Xander was livid. “Have you forgotten? I already had you on Facebook Messenger a long time ago!” 
Then, to prove that he had known Cherry before Pete, Xander took out his cell phone, opened up Messenger, and showed it to Cherry. He asked, “Do you remember now?” 
Cherry: “!!” 
She blinked and looked at Xander again. “Oh, I see, so you’re that friend I made online!” 
Upon the sudden realization, Cherry remarked, “No wonder I found you so annoying the first time I met you! So that’s why!”
Xander: “…” 
But right after she spoke, Cherry held her hands over her mouth. Why did she blurt out the truth in a moment of agitation? She was too much! That must have seriously hurt Xander’s self-esteem. 
In an attempt to make amends, Cherry added, “From the looks of it, it seems that we are really meant to be! You can be the eldest, then!” 
Cherry then turned to Pete and asked, “Pete, you won’t mind, right?” 
Pete continued to wave magnanimously and replied, “Nah, I don’t. It’s fine, we’ll just go with whatever you guys say.” 
Xander: “!!!” 
Nora, who was at the side: “…” 
Xander was about to die of aggravation from that pair of siblings. 
Come to think of it, though, Pete and Cherry had gone through more together. Take, for example, how the two had to worry over their respective parent’s issues when they had only just met. In addition to that, the two of them had also deceived her and Justin for a really long time… 
It was perfectly normal for the two of them to share a close relationship with each other. 
It was just that… 
Afraid that Xander would become too mad, Nora changed the subject and asked curiously, “How did the two of you meet?”
###Chapter 888
Nora was asking purely to divert Xander’s attention from the conflict. 
Little Xander was already close to snapping, no thanks to the pair of siblings’ attitudes. 
Cherry was worthy of her title as the thoughtful and understanding little baby, indeed. She instantly understood what Nora was trying to do and immediately said, “He showed up as a friend suggestion from ‘nearby search’ on my phone! Mommy, do you remember when Grandaunt Queenie took me to visit the British royal family? I had just gotten my cell phone and installed a messenger app back then and I really wanted to add some friends to it. So I looked at the list of friend suggestions from ‘nearby search’ and added Xander! This is such a fateful meeting!” 
After speaking, Cherry walked up to Xander and grabbed his hand. “As it turns out, we had already met each other so long ago, Xander!” 
Sure enough, Xander was appeased. He snorted and said, “Yeah, I knew there was no way I could have been so kind to a snotty little kid for no reason. So, I guess you can say that this is predestined!” 
Cherry nodded repeatedly. “So, can I continue with my game now?” 
The team battle had already started. If she kept dallying further, her teammates would be chewing her out real soon! 
Xander: “….” 
The three little guys reconciled and continued to play in peace. Nora sat beside Queenie and watched them. 
As she did, she thought of what Cherry had said just now, connected it with the environment in which Xander had been brought up, and all of a sudden, she jumped onto her feet.
Her brows drew together and she looked at Xander in astonishment and asked, “Xander, Cherry. Are you guys sure that Cherry only added Xander as a friend when she was visiting the British royal family and looking at the list of suggested friends nearby?” 
Xander shook his head. “How would I know where she had added me?” 
He had grown up in a basement and had never gone out before, so he didn’t know where that place was at all. 
Cherry nodded. “Yes, I remember it really clearly. When I was playing games that time, Chesty had told me to get a Facebook account so that it would be easier for him to get in touch with me. That was why I had registered for a Facebook account. But I didn’t have any friends in it, so I added someone from the list of nearby people at that time… I was with Princess Lucy then!” 
Nora: “!!!” 
She looked at the two of them. Suddenly, she turned around, left the living room, and went up the stairs into her room. 
Then, she picked up her cell phone and made a call to Morris. Morris answered very quickly. “Is something 
up?” 
Nora kept quiet for a while before she suddenly asked, “Didn’t you say that you have been looking for the mysterious organization’s location? Have you found any leads?” 
Morris’s low and deep voice traveled through the cell phone to Nora. He replied, “No, our opponents are too powerful. We can’t find any clues at all.”
After staying quiet for a while, Nora finally asked, “Could it be the British royal family’s residence?” 
Her words stunned Morris for a moment, but immediately after, he said, “No wonder, then!” 
Security at the royal palace was strict. There was no way the Americans would be able to infiltrate the place. 
If the mysterious organization really was hiding underground beneath the royal palace, then it would indeed be impossible for the United States to sniff out their base. 
Morris frowned. “I’ll get my men to look into 
it.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up the phone, Nora frowned and wondered. If the mysterious organization really turned out to be located beneath the Royal Palace, then is the Queen involved or not? 
She had a vague feeling that the whole thing would be coming to an end soon. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang. When she answered, Karl’s voice traveled over. 
“Dammit, there’s a traitor in the Assassin Alliance. They told the Hitman League that this Black Cat is a fake! What are we going to do now?” 
Karl was furious. “The Hitman League will definitely make things difficult for you. Also, if the news spreads that you are a copycat, it will deal a terrible blow to the Assassin Alliance’s reputation. How about this: why don’t you sit it out this time? We’ll also give up the security gig this time!” 
Toward the end, Karl’s voice had even died down and he became rather depressed.
The job this time was not only a great opportunity for the Assassin Alliance to officially make their existence public but it was also the best time for Karl to partner with the government and let the company start over with a clean slate. Who knew when their next opportunity would be if they let it slip by them this time… 
However, he couldn’t put Nora in danger.
###Chapter 889
No matter how highly Karl valued the opportunity, he simply couldn’t let Nora take such a risk. 
Even though he and Ian always bickered the moment they saw each other, deep down, they still greatly admired and respected each other. Putting aside the fact that he and Ian both held each other in high esteem, just the relationship between Tanya and Nora alone was already… 
Karl thought of how Tanya had reacted when he called to ask her to get in touch with Nora for him. His daughter had kept asking things like: “Is it dangerous?”, “Are you sure it won’t be dangerous?”, “Is there no danger at all?”, and so on. Karl had guaranteed that he would never let Nora get even a scratch in the incident. 
Now that things had turned out like this, who knew what the Hitman League might do to them? 
If Nora got hurt, how was he going to answer to his daughter? 
Therefore, after weighing the pros and cons, Karl decided that he’d rather miss the opportunity to clean up the company’s act and go into the light than risk having anything happen to Nora. 
But unexpectedly, when he was about to hang up the phone, Nora instead said, “No, it’s fine. The mission will continue as planned!” 
Karl was surprised. “What?” 
“All right, that settles it. See you tomorrow.” 
After hanging up the phone, Nora played with the three little fellows for a while and then went to bed early at eight o’clock in the evening. 
Cherry and Pete had long since become accustomed to her going to bed early, but Xander felt that his mommy wasn’t spending enough time with him and he still wanted to play some more with Nora.
Even if Nora didn’t say anything but just patted his head, he still felt especially happy. 
But the woman was now lying there motionless and had gone into a deep sleep after just a mere two minutes. He curled his lips unhappily and muttered with discontent, “How come she sleeps so much?” 
Cherry continued gaming without even raising her head as she replied, “Geniuses need a lot of sleep!” 
The moment she said that, Pete nodded in agreement. 
In the game, Chester was also very approving of the statement. He said, “Yeah, come to think of it, Justin always slept more than others since he was a child. He needed nine hours of sleep a day. Later, when my father scolded me for being such a bum and told me to learn from Justin, I also started to sleep nine hours a day.” 
Cherry was surprised. “And then?” 
Chester replied, “He slept for nine hours a day, so I also slept for nine hours a day. Justin didn’t fold the quilt, so I also didn’t fold the quilt. After he woke up, he started to study, so I watched him study. He was terrifying once he started studying; sometimes, he could even study for a whole day! I was also very impressive-I could watch him for a whole day! And now I can also play games an entire day!” 
The three little ones: “…” 
Chester grinned and said, “But it’s fine. I’m just an ordinary person, so it’s not really an issue. Look at how busy Justin was… Besides, smart people have to shoulder a lot of responsibilities. He took over the family business when he was only 18, unlike me, who can still afford to be here and play games, even though I’m already 22 years old. Right?” 
Pete: “…” 
Xander: “…”
The two had no way of refuting him. 
As for Cherry, her eyes widened and a longing look appeared on her face. She said, “Wow! I’m so envious, Chesty! I will also work hard like you in the future! 
“If my brothers sleep for ten hours a day, then I will also try my best to sleep ten hours a day! If they work hard to eat, then I will also eat lots of meat and grow up quickly! Pete and Xander, the two of you gotta study hard, okay? I will also work hard to play my games!” 
After speaking, she turned to look at Pete and Xander and held up her little fists at them. “I’m cheering for you, Pete and Xander~” 
Pete: “…” 
Xander: “…” 
Chester finally understood how dire the consequences of his words were. 
If Justin found out that he had led his little niece astray, he would probably jump out of his grave and beat him up, right? 
At the thought of Justin, Chester’s heart sank. 
Chester’s father was Justin’s fourth uncle and the youngest son in the family. He grew up with a lifestyle of eating, drinking, and making merry. His mother hated how his father was always just mucking around like that, so she had put high hopes on him after she gave birth to him. 
The elderly Mrs. Hunt treated all the kids in the family equally. Roger, who was the son of Mrs. Hunt’s second son, graduated from a prestigious university and later joined the company. He was certainly capable, but unfortunately, his heart wasn’t in the right place. Moreover, he even sabotaged them in all
sorts of ways, which ended up in him being completely kicked out of the picture by Justin. Regardless, Roger was indeed talented. 
Brenda, the daughter of Mrs. Hunt’s third son, didn’t even need any elaboration. A graduate of a prestigious university, she was not only part of the Interpol but had even risen up the ranks to take the position of captain. Her ability was evident. The hard work that Brenda had put in since she was a child was also obvious to all. 
He was the only one who liked gaming. However, neither Mrs. Hunt nor his mother had been approving of it. 
In the end, it was thanks to Justin, who took care of him, that he could be this carefree, playing games every day and doing what he liked while receiving dividends from the family business. 
When he thought of this, Chester got into a bad mood. 
Why did someone like Justin have to die? 
Moreover, Justin had disliked him playing games with Cherry the most when he was alive. Thus, Chester immediately said, “You mustn’t learn from me, you hear?!” 
“Why?” asked Cherry. 
It would do as long as her two brothers worked hard. Wasn’t it good for her to just grow up happily? 
Even though Pete would also try to persuade her to study, Cherry still thought that it was more fun to enjoy herself and have fun instead – 
Xander was very easygoing about it-after all, his personality was half-orthodox and half-heretical, in the first place. In order to coax Cherry into agreeing that he was the elder brother of the two, he patted his
little chest and said, “Well, don’t worry. Only your big brother here needs to work hard. You can just be one happy little sister!” 
Just as Cherry was about to break into a smile, Chester heaved a quiet sigh and said, “But if you do that, in the future, everyone will definitely say that Nora is a failure.” 
The three children were very protective of their mommy. Upon hearing what he said, Cherry and Xander immediately asked: 
“Why?” 
“Why?” 
The two looked at Pete in unison after they spoke, only to see him frowning, obviously aware of the reason. He answered, “Because you’re the only one who grew up by Mommy’s side after we were born. If both Xander and I make a name for ourselves in the future, whereas all you know is having fun, they won’t say that it’s because the two of us are pampering you. They will only say, ‘See? As expected, the child that Mommy brought up is no good, after all!’” 
As soon as he said that, the room fell silent. 
On the phone, Chester also said, “It’s exactly as Pete says. You should also know that there are a ton of busybodies whose tongues love to waggle here in New York City. They simply love making a show out of other people’s lives! In the future, when Pete and Xander have both become successful and they become so envious that they are filled with jealousy, they aren’t going to talk about how impressive your brothers are but only about how inferior you are! And then, they will blame it all on Nora!” 
Cherry tilted her head. It was evident from her big dark eyes that she was thinking about something 
After a while, she sighed and said, “Okay, I
get it~!” 
Suddenly, she felt like her game wasn’t that fun anymore. 
She put down her cell phone and said, “Chesty, I’m not playing anymore. I’m going to study!” 
Chester: “?” 
He hurriedly shouted, “Hey, at least finish this round before you go!” 
Cherry shook her head. “Nah, I’m not playing anymore. I have to make sure I do what I say! Before I become accomplished, I’m never playing games again!” 
Chester: “!!” 
Had he known, he would have said those things after the round, instead! 
Early next morning, Nora felt like things were a little strange at home. 
She went down the stairs. It was only when she was observing the room while she ate that she realized that her daughter, whose cell phone was never out of her hands, was currently reading a book about Mathematical Olympiad problems. She asked, “Pete, what is this question talking about?” 
Pete was about to answer when Xander, who was next to them, squeezed his way in and said, “Here, I’ll teach you.” 
“Okie-Dokie.” 
Pete: “…” 
Nora: “”
She rubbed her eyes, wondering if she had gotten out of bed the wrong way today. 
Why were things so strange?! Her daughter had previously shown some symptoms of ADHD because of her high IQ, but with her two sons teaching her, she was actually faring much better. 
As such, Nora did not overly interfere. 
Justin and their two sons all pampered Cherry and thought that it was fine as long as she grew up happily. However, Nora didn’t agree. Being a woman herself, compared to that, she would rather her daughter be strong with a passion for life. 
After all, she wasn’t going to live with her brothers her entire life. The only person one could rely on was themselves. 
Therefore, no matter the reason for her daughter’s sudden diligence, she was very glad. 
After breakfast, she exchanged hugs with the three little ones and kissed each of them on the forehead. Only then did she leave and head to the Assassin Alliance. 
But when she entered the basement, she found that no one there showed any indication of moving out. 
Nora raised her eyebrows. When she reached Karl’s room, she saw the mafia boss sitting on a chair with a troubled look on his face. 
Nora frowned and asked, “Why haven’t you set off yet?” 
Karl sighed. “I’ve thought about it all night. Let’s not go anymore. You are more important than all of this. Tanya and Old Ian will probably give me a real thrashing if you lose even a strand of hair.” 
Nora: “…” 
She said with certainty, “It will be fine.”
“How can that be? I know you’re the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts and that you’re very skilled at fighting, but assassination is different from open and aboveboard martial arts factions like yours. In particular, the Quinn School of Martial Arts’ moves are all candid and forthright, they don’t understand tricks and conspiracies at all. Although the Hitman League won’t dare to go too far, they will definitely try to sound us out. Unless Black Cat is there personally, no one can guarantee your safety.” 
Seeing that Karl was staying so stubborn, Nora knew that he was worried about her safety. 
She sighed. Now that things had come to this, she didn’t want to hide it from him anymore either, so she simply blew her own cover and said, “I’m Black Cat.”
###Chapter 890
The man opposite her fell silent at once. A while later, Karl finally coughed and spoke again. “Actually, what you say makes sense too. Um, are you sure you want to go?” 
Nora was a little surprised to see that the man wasn’t actually that agitated. However, Karl was a worldly man after all, so Nora thought that he must have already guessed a thing or two long ago. Thus, she said, “Yeah, let’s go.” 
“Whew!” Karl stood and patted her on the shoulder. “Okay then. Uncle Karl owes you one, Nora! If we can get away with it, I’ll give you a big gift. If not, we’ll pull out halfway through, no matter what happens. Remember, nothing is more important than your safety, okay?” Nora: “?” 
Why did she feel like she didn’t quite understand what Karl was saying? 
While she was contemplating, Karl said, “But you sure are a dedicated one, Nora. It’s a shame that you’re not in the acting industry. It’s right for you to start getting into it right away, though. It’s only when we all firmly believe that you’re Black Cat that they won’t be able to spot any flaws! After all, no one has ever seen what Black Cat really looks like!” 
Nora: “!” 
So, despite her already blowing her cover, Karl still didn’t believe her? 
Nora’s lip corners spasmed. “I really am Black Cat.” 
“I know, I know! From this moment on, you are Black Cat!” 
Karl had “I understand” written all over him. 
Nora: “…” 
Forget it, she had already told him the truth anyway. The man could believe what he liked.
She was tired of explaining! 
Karl didn’t give her the time to explain any further, either. He called someone in and instructed, “Have the men get ready, and then we can set off!” 
Black Panther, who had just entered, glanced at Nora and asked, “It’s okay for us to move out again now?” 
With a stern look, Karl said, “Watch the way you talk! You’d better show some respect to Black Cat! Also, tell all the men in the know that Ms. Smith is Black Cat!” 
Black Panther nodded. “Yes, sir.” 
Then, he went out. A short while later, all twenty of them were ready to move. They were responsible this time for picking up the Queen at the airport and then escorting her to the hotel where she would be staying. After that, they were to protect the Queen and ensure her safety for the next three days. 
Of course, the Queen’s personal guards would be the ones protecting her in close proximity; they were only responsible for the security of the periphery. 
With the Queen visiting, the Swiss president would have to meet with her. The two would also be shaking hands and discussing matters. During this period, they would be responsible for part of the security work. The specifics were wholly arranged by Switzerland’s Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection, and Sport; commonly abbreviated DDPS. 
After the twenty of them were ready, Karl stepped forward and said to Nora, “Black Cat is the strongest member of our organization, so you’ll undoubtedly be the leader when we head out for missions. Do you have any experience with the security industry?” 
But after he asked the question, without even waiting for Nora to answer, he hurriedly comforted her and said, “Don’t be scared, you don’t have to panic. You’re just the leader on the surface. I will get Black
Panther to secretly assist you, so you’ll only be the commander on the surface. In reality, all orders will be issued by Black Panther.” 
SE 
Just like that, the words “Yes, I have” on the tip of Nora’s tongue became stuck. 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she said, “… Okay.” 
The group set off with mighty momentum. 
Out of the twenty of them, fifteen rode in black cars. With each five sharing a car, a total of three cars were deployed. As for the remaining five, they rode motorcycles. 
As the commander, Nora would most certainly have to ride a motorcycle. After all, motorcycles were more convenient and they also allowed one to have a better understanding of the surroundings, which would help her in making appropriate judgments. 
Black Panther also rode a motorcycle. 
The five of them put on identical black uniforms. Then, Nora put on her mask while Black Panther took out his sunglasses and put them on. He looked at Nora contemptuously and said, “Can you ride a motorcycle? If not, you can ride one of the cars. You’re a girl anyway, so it would make sense even if you’re in the car.” 
But as soon as he spoke, he saw that Nora was not paying him any attention at all. Instead, she put on her mask and got onto the motorcycle skillfully. Her slender leg struck and pushed the kickstand up. Then, her hand wrapped in a black glove twisted the handlebar and the motorcycle’s engine roared to life.
“Let’s move out!” 
Following her order, the motorcycle sped out with a whoosh, leaving behind only a cloud of dust for Black Panther. 
Black Panther: “…” 
Black Panther hurriedly got on his own motorcycle and went after her. 
Five motorcycles and three black cars headed to the airport with great momentum. Sometime during the journey, Black Panther accelerated and caught up with Nora. 
When he was about to say something, Nora suddenly accelerated and overtook him. Black Panther: “” 
Why did he feel like he had been rejected? 
Nora certainly was rejecting his presence–he talked too much! Moreover, Black Panther had a habit of chewing gum when he was on a mission and the sight of his mouth constantly moving got on her nerves. 
The group arrived at the DDPS and reported for duty. 
The DDPS staff members began to check their identities. 
Nora didn’t have to worry about that, though, because Karl had already prepared an ID card for her. 
The Minister heading the DDPS picked up her ID card and glanced at it. Just as he was about to let her pass, a voice reached them. 
“Mr. Clifford, are you sure she is Black Cat?” 
Clifford was a little taken aback by the question.
Nora looked behind to see a group of ten people dressed the same as them walking over. 
At the sight of them, Black Panther explained softly, “They are members of the Hitman League. The one in the lead is their captain for this operation, his name is Abbott. He likes talking trash and his looks make one feel like beating him up.” 
Nora: “…” 
Actually, she felt that Black Panther’s way of speech kinda made one want to beat him up too, but she didn’t say anything. 
When Clifford heard Abbott, he asked bemusedly, “What are you trying to say?” 
Abbott smiled and came up to Nora. He circled around her twice and then said, “Mr. Clifford, we are here to protect the Queen, you know. Are you sure you want to let her wear a mask here? Aren’t you afraid that she may be a copycat?” 
Clifford smiled and replied, “Black Cat is very well-known in both the world of assassins and the DDPS. Besides, how would someone from the Assassin Alliance possibly be a copycat?” 
Abbott laughed and said, “Then I’ll show you how she’s a copycat!” 
Practically right after he spoke, Abbott went for Nora’s face. 
He had already received reliable information that Karl had found a copycat to impersonate Black Cat. Since she was just pretending, her fighting skills must not be much. 
If he took off her mask in front of Clifford, he would be able to show him Black Cat’s fighting skills, or lack thereof. With that, her identity as a copycat would be exposed. 
“Look out!”
Black Panther cried out but it was still too late. 
Who would have thought that the man would suddenly attack when they had only just met? 
Abbott’s hand was already around Nora’s mask. The moment he applied a bit of force, he would be able to remove it. With a smile, he asked, “Are Black Cat’s moves this lousy?”
###Chapter 891
At the sight of the situation, Black Panther was filled with chagrin. 
Never would he have thought that Abbott would have the guts to launch an attack right in front of Clifford! 
Neither did he expect Abbott to move so fast, either. It seemed that the Hitman League had been hiding their true strength when the two were up against each other in the past. 
The Hitman League was a gang with a long history, after all, it was founded earlier than the Assassin League. It was no wonder that they had a more robust foundation, as well as more powerful hitmen unknown to others. 
It was also no wonder that they would have the guts to challenge and provoke Black Cat. 
Even so… 
Black Panther couldn’t help but look at Nora. Didn’t they say that she was the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts? Why had she been restrained so easily? If it was Black Cat, there definitely wouldn’t have been any problems! 
As Black Panther thought about it, faint anger came over his face, and he said furiously, “You are so shameless, Abbott! You attacked your own allies?!” 
Black Panther then turned to Clifford and said, “Mr. Clifford, are you going to condone Abbott’s actions? Black Cat came here overnight from the United States on our request, you know. She hasn’t slept a wink since last night. Isn’t it understandable that her reaction would be a little slow today? Besides, who would have thought that he would launch a sneak attack right in front of 
you?”
Clifford also broke into a frown and looked at Abbott. “What are you doing, Abbott? The two of you are allies in this operation! Why did you attack Black Cat as soon as you came over? You’re being very antagonistic.” 
Abbott replied, “Mr. Clifford, I was just wondering if we should let someone else take over the command for this operation? The Hitman League’s momentum may not have been as strong as Black Cat’s from the Assassin Alliance during the past two years, but you’ve already witnessed my abilities today. 
“Besides, considering how ‘Black Cat’ here was restrained so easily, even if she really is Black Cat, can you trust her abilities? In this industry, the strong have the final say.” 
Clifford’s brows drew together at once. 
He looked at Nora again, a touch of doubt also coming over his face. 
After all, while it was certainly true that Abbott had launched a sneak attack just now, in their industry, who could say for sure that no one among their peers had been bought by the enemy? 
Because of that, there were extremely demanding requirements on one’s abilities as an individual. 
Moreover, the government had only deployed 30 people from the two organizations for this operation because they simply did not have enough manpower, and all 30 of them had already agreed that Black Cat would be the one in charge of their deployment. 
After all, Black Cat’s status in the hitmen world was among the highest. 
However, for her to be restrained by another party at such close range, was Black Cat really as strong as the stories claimed? Or was it really like what Abbott had claimed—the person in front of him was not Black Cat? 
Hesitance came over Clifford’s countenance.
Black Panther said firmly, “Heh, even tigers doze off at times, let alone humans? Abbott, don’t you go too far now!” 
Abbott smirked and said, “I don’t care, I will only bow down to the strong. So, tell me, Black Panther: is it Black Cat who is lacking in vigilance? Or is this person here not Black Cat at all?” 
Black Panther: “!!” 
As an assassin, it was simply humiliating to be labeled as lacking in vigilance! 
Yet, if he were to answer that Nora was not Black Cat, it would mean that the Assassin Alliance was deceiving the DDPS. If that happened, it would become even harder for them to obtain good resources in Switzerland’s security industry in the future. 
Black Panther glared at Abbott furiously. Just as he was about to speak, Nora, who had stayed silent all this time, suddenly said, “Who are you calling an assassin lacking in vigilance?” 
As soon as she spoke, Abbott smirked and answered, “You, of course. It’s rumored that those who have seen your face are all dead. I’m already about to take off your mask, yet you still haven’t noticed at all. Is this not proof that you’re lacking in vigilance? Besides, the way I see it, all that talk about how everyone who has seen your face is dead must all just be rumors, right? The Assassin Alliance sure knows how to generate buzz for themselves. They make it sound so real that it’s as though it’s legit…” 
He had only just said that when he suddenly heard a low chuckle. 
Abbott was taken aback. The next moment, the masked woman said icily in a low voice, “Oh? Then try taking off my mask.” 
Her words made Abbott dumbfounded.
He broke into a frown and said, “Heh, are you still talking big even at this point, Black Cat? Well, since you’ve given me the permission to take off your mask, then I will do just that and show everyone what a stunner Black Cat really is!” 
Immediately after he spoke, he gripped the mask to rip it off. 
But the next moment, he found that he couldn’t exert any force in his hand at all! 
Stunned, he lowered his head. It was only then that he discovered that stuck into the underside of his wrist, outside of his sight, was a silver needle gleaming with subtle light. 
It was exactly this needle that had prevented Abbott’s hand from exerting even the slightest bit of force. 
Abbott was stunned. 
Seeing that Abbott wasn’t doing anything despite his big talk, the rest all looked at him 
-only to see him standing where he was, beads of cold sweat forming on his forehead, yet his hand showed no further signs of moving 
Only then did they follow his line of sight and finally spot the needle. 
Additionally, they also noticed that Nora’s other hand was on Abbott’s chest. 
At first glance, they thought that she had recovered and was intending to push him away. 
But if one looked closer, they would see that there was another barely discernible needle in between the fingers of Nora’s fist, and it was pointed right at Abbott’s heart. 
With just a little force, the needle would quietly pierce his heart without anyone even realizing it. 
e even
Nora’s icy voice resounded in everyone’s ears. 
“I told you, everyone who has seen my face is dead. So, do you still want to see it?” 
For no reason whatsoever, her words carried a sense of ferocity and domineeringness! 
It shocked and awed everyone present. 
Abbott didn’t dare to move. 
When Clifford, who was next to him, saw this, he breathed a sigh of relief. 
He had finally witnessed Black Cat’s ability to take someone’s life without making a sound. 
Moreover, with just a mere silver needle, she could take someone’s life without them even realizing it. This was simply too horrifying! 
Clifford’s attitude toward Black Cat underwent a huge change at once. He said, “Please don’t be mad. Abbott just likes to trash-talk. We have to work together to protect the Queen in this operation. Everyone here wants to serve the country, so let’s not fuss over these things anymore. Black Cat, can you forgive Abbott this once?” 
Nora didn’t really take Abbott seriously. 
The man could somewhat be considered a chivalrous hitman. 
The assassination missions he took on all targeted bad guys… So he was quite famous in the hitmen community. 
Of course, this was also the reason why the Swiss authorities were willing to accept them.
Neither of the hitmen organizations was made up of heinous miscreants. Now that they wanted to clean up their act, the government was more than happy to see this through. Which was why they had given them this opportunity. 
Thus, upon hearing what Clifford said, with a flip of Nora’s slender fingers, the silver needle disappeared. 
Then, she took a step back and put some distance between Abbott and herself. 
With her intimidating murderous intent gone, Abbott finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
He stared at the masked woman in front of him and said, “Just you wait. I will definitely find proof that you are not Black Cat!”
###Chapter 892
Nora didn’t pay any more attention to Abbott. After the identity check, she went to the specified assembly point with Black Panther and the others. 
They were planning to head to the airport in a while to pick up the Queen. 
After leaving Abbott, Black Panther came up to her and said, “Ahem. You unexpectedly have some pretty good moves.” 
Nora raised her brows. But before she could speak, Black Panther spoke again. “Don’t get ahead of yourself, though. Black Cat is definitely better than you. All that would be no big deal for Black Cat. Also, keep quiet when they start talking about troop deployment, formations, and all that. I will give the directions, instead.” 
“… Oh, okay,” Nora said. 
Soon, the ten people on Abbott’s side finished the identity checks. The 30 of them then followed the Swiss troops, and with great momentum, got ready to set off for the airport. 
Before they set off, Clifford said, “Please turn off your cell phones and turn them in.” 
One was not allowed to carry their cell phone on missions. This was a rule. 
Nora understood. 
Thus, she didn’t plan on asking for special privileges, and she took out her cell phone. However, when she was about to turn it in, it started ringing. 
She gestured to Clifford. 
Clifford immediately nodded and permitted her to answer the call. Had it been anyone else, he would definitely have been much stricter, but she was Black Cat, after all. On top of that, she had even
displayed a bit of her skill just now, so Clifford was quite afraid of her at the moment. 
Nora picked up the phone call—it was Cindy, the lady helping her look after her houses in the residential district. 
“Ms. Nora, something’s come up. Just thought I’d inform you about it.” 
Nora raised her brows. “What happened?” 
Cindy replied, “It’s all Liam’s fault!” 
Liam? In other words, Spacey? 
Wasn’t he already dead? 
While Nora was wondering about it, Cindy said huffily, “That Liam is such an as*hole! Do you know? He gave Rene’s address to her family before he set off! And her family found their way here yesterday! They were crazily fierce and forcibly took Rene away…” 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
She remembered looking into Rene before. She was an orphan taken in by her adoptive parents. However, her adoptive father had abused and even raped her. When her adoptive mother saw what had happened, not only did she not hold her adoptive father responsible but she had even given Rene a beating. That was how Rene had become the way she was. 
After leaving them and living with Liam recently, Rene’s condition had improved. 
It was just that Liam was simply too nasty. After making use of her, he pushed her right back in there? 
However, Rene was just a stranger to her.
Nora was not a saint. Without saying anything else, she prompted, “Uh-huh, and then?” 
Rene was mentally ill, so in the eyes of the law, she was deemed legally incapacitated and was required to have a guardian. Her adoptive parents were her legal guardians. 
Therefore, legally, there was no problem with them taking Rene away. 
Cindy said angrily, “I didn’t stop them because I thought they were legally allowed to take her, but I didn’t expect things to go so wrong today! They live relatively far away, so they didn’t go home immediately after they took her yesterday; they instead went to a hotel nearby. That night, when her adoptive father was about to violate her again, her adoptive mother found out and they got into a fight. The man killed her adoptive mother and was about to kill her too, but he was arrested by the police in time. Poor Rene, there were injuries all over her. She has been sent to the hospital, but because she has no other relatives, the police contacted me when they found out that she is my tenant. Boss, I’d like to bring her back.” 
Cindy had always been a kind woman. 
Back when she was in a desperate situation, Nora had helped her out. Because of this, she also tried to help her fellow Americans as much as she could. 
In the past, Cindy would never have reported something like this to her, but because it involved Liam, she had brought it up. 
Nora answered indifferently, “You can do as you wish.” 
And then, she hung up. 
After that, the group set off for the airport.
Nora rode a motorcycle this time too. 
She vaguely heard Abbott instructing his subordinates next to him, “Be alert and smart about things. That’s the Queen, you know. If our performance satisfies the Queen, things will go very smoothly for us when we go to the UK in the future. In fact, if we work harder, we can even become members of the Queen’s personal guard.” 
His subordinates replied, “Yes, sir.” 
Nora glanced at Abbott. 
Black Panther curled his lips. Through the walkie-talkie, he asked Nora, “Do you think the Queen will think highly of him?” 
To be honest, it went without saying that all of them hoped to excel and stand out in this security operation. 
Nora answered with great certainty, “No, she won’t.” 
“I didn’t think so, either. Even if someone does impress her, it will likely be someone from the Assassin Alliance. After all, we have the trump card-Black Cat!” 
For once, Black Panther didn’t diss her. Nevertheless, he still asked, “Why do you think that’s the case?” 
“… Because he is ugly,” Nora answered. 
Abbott was not a good-looking man. 
But the Queen of the UK… Heh, she was someone who liked good-looking people. 
Unattractive people would never catch her fancy.
At the thought of the Queen, Nora couldn’t help but curl her lips disdainfully. 
Queenie’s business was often involved with the British Royal Family. The Queen was acquainted with her, and on top of that, she had been trying to invite her to expand her business into the UK all this time. If she could get NTT to expand operations into the UK, it would bring a huge fortune to the country. 
Thus, the Queen often invited Queenie to various banquets. 
Nora had attended a few of them. 
But her personality clashed with the Queen’s. 
The two didn’t like each other. 
If it weren’t because Cherry got along relatively well with Princess Lucy, and her daughter only had that one friend, Nora wouldn’t even want to meet the Queen at all. 
Later, it was Queenie who took Cherry to the UK instead of her, and she never went there ever again. 
Black Panther: “…” 
The corners of his lips spasmed and he commented, “Women sure look at things from a strange perspective.” 
Soon, the group arrived at the airport with mighty momentum. 
Clifford arranged for all of them to stay at the periphery of the airport. 
Abbott craned his neck and glanced at the exit from time to time. He asked, “Say, will the Queen notice us? What can we do to get her attention?” 
“That’s the Queen, you know! She’s royal blood!”
“Yeah, we’re already very lucky to be able to act as her guards even once…” 
While the few were conversing, they noticed movement from the other side. 
The people conversing instantly shut up. Hoping to show their best to the Queen, everyone stood up straight and kept quiet like the police officers inside. 
Then, like the moon surrounded by a myriad of stars, the Queen came out of the exit. She kept her eyes in front of her and walked toward the car in front. 
But just as she passed by Abbott, Nora, and their men, the Queen suddenly turned her head and looked over.
###Chapter 893
Everyone there was stunned by the Queen suddenly turning her head and looking over. 
Everyone tensed up even further. 
Nora’s sharp ears caught Abbott muttering, “Did Her Majesty notice me? She must be looking at me! I’m sure of it! Look at me, look at me…” 
Nora: “..” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. 
Just how much did that guy want a connection with the Queen? 
The Swiss president would never receive the Queen in person, of course. Therefore, the one here to receive her was someone from the Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs (FDFA). Next, they had to escort the Queen to the prearranged location where she would be having a meeting with the Swiss president. 
Seeing the Queen suddenly stop, the minister heading the FDFA couldn’t help but ask, “Your Majesty, may I ask what you are looking at?” 
At the question, the Queen withdrew her gaze and her lips curled into a smile. “I didn’t expect to see a woman among the guards, that’s all.” 
“Yes.” The minister followed her line of sight and saw Nora, upon which he immediately explained, “That is Black Cat.” 
“Black Cat?” 
The Queen’s interest was mildly piqued. She asked, “That world-renowned assassin?”
The minister nodded and replied, “Yes, Ma’am. In order to receive you into the country, we have brought in third-party security personnel from the Assassin Alliance and the Hitman League, both of which are very well-known globally. I am sure you must have heard of them before!” 
The Queen nodded. 
Of course she had, but… She couldn’t help but cast another glance at Black Cat. Then, she shook her head. 
Seeing this, the minister couldn’t help but ask, “May I know if something is the matter, Ma’am?” “No, it’s nothing.” The Queen replied, lowering her gaze and hiding the emotion in her light blue eyes. 
She merely felt that the woman looked a bit like a person she disliked, that’s all. 
That person’s name was Nora Smith, she was Queenie Schmidt’s niece. 
Queenie, who had no children of her own, was said to cherish that niece of hers very much, so the Queen had once hosted a banquet to entertain them a few years ago. 
She’d originally planned to foster a good relationship with Nora. 
After all, Queenie had already gotten on in age, so even though she wanted to please Queenie, she had nothing in common to talk to her about. 
But little did she expect that woman to be just as difficult as her godmother. 
Yes, that’s right. Even though the Queen had found out through her investigations that Nora’s mother and Queenie were sworn sisters, what Queenie told outsiders was that Nora was her goddaughter. 
With that, she was announcing Nora’s identity to the public.
The Queen thought back to that banquet. While she was talking to Nora, Nora had fallen asleep… 
Yes, that’s right, she had fallen asleep. 
Was it because the things she was saying were too boring? The Queen had been awfully embarrassed at that time. Even though Queenie subsequently explained that Nora had a weak constitution and needed a lot of sleep, the Queen hadn’t believed her. 
That reason was simply too perfunctory. 
Besides, the wild and untamed aura around Nora had already put her, someone in a position of power, off from the start. 
Of course, these were all things that the Queen could tolerate. 
The one thing that she couldn’t, however, was that… she had married Justin Hunt! 
Out of the many men the Queen had seen, she was only impossibly infatuated with Justin. But due to her status, a relationship was impossible between her and Justin. 
Even so, she had hoped that Justin would never be close to any woman. After all, he was such an outstanding man. There were only a few in this world who would be worthy of him. 
Yet the woman living abroad just had to receive news that Nora had married Justin. 
To make matters worse, the most hateful thing was that the articulate Cheryl Smith had turned out to be Justin’s daughter! 
Justin must have accepted her only for the sake of the child! 
After all, Nora didn’t have any talents. All she had accomplished was finding a good godmother!
When she thought of this, the Queen suddenly wasn’t angry anymore. 
Yes, what was there to be so calculative about with a useless woman who thought only of sleeping? 
Besides, how could a capable person like Black Cat possibly be Nora? It wasn’t like she was short of money, she must be sleeping at home at the moment! 
When she thought of this, the Queen revealed a touch of a graceful smile and said, “I’m very curious about Black Cat. Let her protect me at close proximity!” 
She nodded to the person behind her. 
The bodyguard beside her immediately said, “Yes, Your Majesty. Then let’s have her join your motorcycle fleet!” 
“Okay.” 
The Queen agreed to the suggestion. The bodyguard, however, looked at the Swiss personnel and said, “Have her remove her mask before she joins us.”
###Chapter 894
The Swiss minister in charge of receiving the Queen had long since heard about Black Cat from Clifford, so he was rather in a spot. He said, “But Black Cat once said that everyone who has seen what she looks like is dead… She had also requested to wear a mask when she took on this assignment, so…” 
The bodyguard said arrogantly, “Perhaps you can go over and ask. I don’t think anyone would refuse the Queen’s request.” The main issue here was: how ridiculous would it be if someone wearing a mask was among the Queen’s personal bodyguards? 
It would look really awful, which would greatly affect their public image. 
The Queen had also heard their conversation, but she ignored them. 
She had always been high up in the air. In her world, it was only right that these people obeyed her orders. In fact, they should even be proud of being able to protect her. The Queen continued toward the exit of the airport. 
“Are you sure you want to give up the opportunity? You guys best think carefully what your purpose is for coming to escort and protect the Queen,” said Clifford to Black Panther. 
Black Panther replied, “But before we came, we had already agreed that Black Cat would be wearing a mask.” 
It was most certainly their greatest honor to be selected by the Queen to be her personal guard. If word of it spread in the future, it would bring them a lot of fame. 
With that, the Assassin Alliance would be able to openly, and uprightly, transform into the Assassin Security Agency. 
When Nora first heard the new company name, she had been speechless.
Since they were a security agency, couldn’t they remove the word “assassin”?! The name made it sound as if they were guarding assassins instead. 
Clifford sighed and said, “You guys also said that Black Cat wouldn’t be able to come, but isn’t she still here in the end?” 
It’s not the same. 
Black Panther silently grumbled inwardly. Could Black Cat even take off her mask? 
She was a copycat! There was no way she could remove it. 
Although losing an opportunity like that was a huge pity, Black Panther simply couldn’t allow Black Cat’s face to be shown in public, for Black Cat’s sake, as well as for Ms. Smith’s. 
Black Panther refused the offer. “We really can’t.” 
When Abbott, who was next to him, first saw Clifford approaching, he’d thought that the Queen had really taken notice of him, but unexpectedly, it turned out to be the fake Black Cat instead? 
Thus, when he heard Black Panther refusing the offer, he scoffed, looked at Nora, and said, “Of course they wouldn’t dare to-because she’s fake!” 
Black Panther looked at him frostily. “It is our organization’s responsibility to protect Black Cat’s identity.” 
“… Never mind, then. What a shame, though,” said Clifford. 
After speaking, Clifford left and went after the Queen’s bodyguard. After saying a few words to him, the bodyguard cast another glance at them. 
Then, he went to report to the Queen.
When the Queen heard of this, a look of surprise came over her face. However, she didn’t spare them even a glance but instead said, “Nevermind, then.” 
The person next to the Queen couldn’t help but comment, “How shameless and unappreciative.” 
Nora wasn’t aware of what was happening there. 
Instead, her eyes were completely fixed on the big and tall figure following the Queen. 
The man’s muscles were well-proportioned and every step he took was regular and rhythmic as though every muscle on his body was just right. 
Nora had only ever seen a good figure like this on Barbarian. 
Every human’s muscles developed differently post-training because the way everyone exerted force in training was different. 
But this was not the case for Barbarian. He was naturally endowed with perfect muscles because he had been injected with the gene serum. 
As bodyguards were not allowed to wear masks because they represented the British Royal Family, Nora finally managed to get a clear look at Barbarian’s face. 
He looked to be of mixed descent and had chiseled facial features. His scarlet eyes struck fear into one’s heart. Barbarian, who was 6’3″, was wearing the bodyguard uniform, which made him look just like a soldier. 
Perhaps sensing Nora’s scrutiny, he suddenly turned his head and looked over. 
Nora looked away at once.
The man’s sixth sense was simply too sharp. To think he could even sense the malicious gazes of others! 
“Let’s go.” 
Black Panther’s command sounded in their earphones. 
Everyone turned around and went out in a line. 
As soon as they got out, they saw that the Queen had already gotten into the car. 
A mighty motorcycle fleet and several black sedans led the way ahead while the Queen’s car and her personal bodyguards drove in the middle. 
Nora and the others got on their motorcycles. Just as they were about to follow, Clifford suddenly came over. With his face full of embarrassment, he said, “Um, the captain of the Queen’s guards has ordered for you guys to bring up the rear.” 
The group fell silent. 
Everyone looked at Black Cat and Abbott. 
Nora did not speak. 
Abbott, however, asked, “Why? We didn’t come just to bring up the rear for them!” 
The Assassin Alliance and the Hitman League were both globally-renowned assassination organizations and everyone present was a skilled and well-known hitman. 
Therefore, before they came, even though Clifford had not tasked them with protecting the Queen at close proximity, they were still meant to follow the Queen closely at the back.
This was a form of trust and recognition toward them. 
Yet they were suddenly being told to bring up the rear now? This was downright humiliation. 
Clifford also sighed. He said, “The Swiss will show you goodwill, but obviously, the Queen doesn’t quite trust your abilities.” 
Abbott was furious. “Then we quit!” 
IV 
Clifford kept quiet for a while. Then, he said, “When you joined us, the contract we signed stated that you will obey our orders, or else the Swiss government will never work with you again in the future.” 
They were here to be security officers, not big bosses. 
All of them understood this. Besides, it went without saying that cooperating with and following the Swiss authorities’ orders would also be a clause written into the contract. 
Abbott was so furious that he felt like he was getting a toothache. 
As for Black Panther, he frowned and said, “Let’s go.” 
Their only option was to go along with it now. What else could they do? If they breached the contract, it wouldn’t be their commission from the job that they would be losing but their chances of working with the Swiss government and the British Royal Family! 
Abbott also understood this, so all of them set off dejectedly. 
Nora rode her motorcycle and led the group at the forefront. 
Abbott sped up and came up to her.
This time, Nora couldn’t speed up and overtake him-after all, the Queen’s motorcade was in front. She couldn’t overtake them. 
As a result, she could only put up with Abbott’s noise. He said, “Never mind that you are a copycat, but so what even if the real Black Cat was here? We worked hard all our lives, and even after becoming top- notch hitmen, we are still nothing in front of the Royal Family. We aren’t even qualified to lead the way and can only follow behind the motorcade… Also, did you see, those bodyguards were even looking at us with disdain in their eyes! They clearly look down on us! What are they so arrogant about?” 
Nora: “…” 
Abbott went on. “Hey, say something. Are you dumb? Or is Black Panther actually the one in charge of you guys? Are you guys just gonna put up with it when you have been bullied?” 
Nora stayed silent for a while before she finally said, “We don’t know each other very well.” 
Abbott: “…”
###Chapter 895
Nora simply had the ability to end a conversation in one second flat. 
Her reply made Abbott choke, it was only a while later that he finally spluttered, “Hmph, it’s because you don’t dare to offend them, isn’t it? Are you still trying to get into their good books? Come on, they are completely looking down on you! No, wait, I just remembered something: you’re a copycat! If the real Black Cat was here, she would never allow them to look down on all of us!” 
After all, Black Cat was the crowned head of the assassin community! 
Seeing that Nora was staying silent as though she couldn’t care less, Abbott became all the more convinced. 
Real assassins all took great pride in themselves. 
He immediately lost interest in chatting with Nora, and he went to chat with Black Panther instead, to which Black Panther thought, … The two of us don’t know each other that well, either, do we? 
The Queen’s visit did not have any influence on anything, so there wasn’t really anyone who attempted to assassinate her, and they safely and smoothly reached the hotel where she would be staying. 
The Swiss government had specially made arrangements at the hotel for the Queen’s reception. For that purpose, they had cleared out everyone in the hotel, keeping only some of the hotel service staff. 
Nora and her party were at the back of the entourage, so by the time they arrived at the hotel, the Queen had already checked in. 
After they parked the cars in the parking lot, they went to the hotel lobby and waited for further instructions.
The Queen would be in Switzerland for three days, so the security assignment would also span three days. 
In the hotel, the Queen’s personal bodyguards were allocated rooms on the same floor as the Queen herself, while the Swiss authorities’ internal personnel was allocated rooms on the two floors below them. 
Needless to say, they were not allowed to stay in the hotel rooms all day. They were to change over guard duty every two hours and take turns to rest. 
However, when it was Nora and her party’s turn to be allocated rooms, the captain of the Queen’s personal bodyguards suddenly said, “My apologies, but there aren’t any rooms left. You will have to look for a place to rest by yourselves.” 
Abbott and Black Panther were outraged at once. 
Abbott immediately retorted, “How can there be no rooms left when there are so many here?” 
The entire hotel had been vacated and it wasn’t like the guards on the mission had filled up all the rooms. 
The captain of the bodyguards calmly replied, “Her Majesty is terribly averse to noise, so the two floors above and below the one she is staying on have been left empty. Everyone else occupies one room each. Of course, there are still three vacant rooms left, but there are thirty of you in total, so I’m afraid it won’t be easy for you to make appropriate arrangements there, right?” Even if they arranged for two people to share a room each and took turns resting inside, they would still need at least seven and a half rooms. 
The captain’s decision was logically sound. After all, it was guaranteed that the Queen’s personal bodyguards and the Swiss personnel were trustworthy, but one couldn’t say the same for them. 
Therefore, it was normal that their welfare would be overlooked and their living arrangements prioritized at the lowest. Abbott was about to say that they had only ten people among them and, therefore, could have the rooms allocated to them when the captain added, “To avoid causing infighting among you, let’s just leave those three rooms empty, lest you go against the rules and get into a dispute over a few rooms.” 
Abbott: “…” 
The captain regarded them with total contempt, so immediately after he said that, he turned around and left. 
The people behind Abbott spoke up right away. “What the hell? We have to stay here for three days, you know. Are we really gonna forgo sleep for the next three days? They are too much!” 
The rest of the group also looked at Black Panther. “Black Panther, what should we do?” 
Abbott broke into a frown. 
Black Panther thought for a while and then said, “The shift changes every two hours. Go to the cars and nap for a while after someone takes over your shift. We have stayed in environments harsher than this when we were out on missions in the past; this is nothing to us. Once we push through the next three days, we will be starting over with a clean slate. Think about it-in the future, all of us will be able to openly go on the streets and we won’t need to sneak about anymore. So, let’s just put up with it for these three days!” 
Black Panther’s words were very impactful, everyone nodded after hearing him. 
After thinking about it for a while, Abbott’s men also came to the conclusion that this was their only option. 
They would just grin and bear with it!
With that, the two groups split themselves into teams and half of them went to the cars in the parking lot to rest. 
Black Panther glanced at Nora and then walked over and said, “Get some rest! You don’t have to report for duty unless necessary.” 
Abbott sneered, “Why should she be exempted from duty? Is Black Cat unable to endure hardships like this?” 
Black Panther gave Abbott a warning look. “Because she is a woman!” 
Had it been anyone else, perhaps they might have retorted, ‘So what even if she’s a woman?’ However, Abbott wasn’t that shameless, so Black Panther’s words shut him up immediately. 
Black Panther was in charge of the operation and Nora had never contested him for the right to command all this time. Therefore, when she heard him, she merely nodded and went to the parking lot to look for a car to rest in. 
When she found their cars, she got into one and sat in the passenger seat. Then, she leaned back and closed her eyes. 
While she was resting, some people walked by. One of them said, “… Have you heard? A special guest will be coming tonight! And they’ll be right in this hotel! For the Queen of the UK and the Swiss president to give them so much importance, I wonder who the guest is?” 
“Give them so much importance…” 
Nora’s first thought upon hearing them was “King is coming!” Her eyes flew open suddenly. 
In that case, she couldn’t slack off like this anymore. After all, in addition to completing the three-day-long assignment, she was also here to meet King and foster a good relationship with him.
Almost immediately after the idea formed in her mind, Clifford walked out from the side. The man, who was in the midst of a phone call, said, “I will definitely send the most professional bodyguard to protect the distinguished guest! I will also take care of all the commuting arrangements for them. Don’t worry about it! I’ll go select someone right away!”
###Chapter 896
In the hotel room where the Queen was, the captain of the bodyguards stood before her. 
The Queen took off her coat. She was wearing a long gilded dress underneath, she looked so elegant and noble that the captain dared not even gaze upon her directly. Yet when he turned his head to the side, he saw the Queen’s close protection bodyguard, who was in the room with them, staring straight at her with his red eyes fierce and vicious. The captain of the guards glared fiercely at him at once. 
That was the Queen! How could he be so ill-mannered?! 
Yet the Queen didn’t say anything even after noticing him. She merely waved and dismissed them from her presence. 
When Barbarian saw the gesture, he even spaced out for a moment as though he didn’t understand it. It wasn’t until someone pulled his arm that he finally went out with them. 
After they left, the captain remarked with dissatisfaction, “Your Majesty, that man is still as ill-mannered as ever. Why do you bring him with you all the time?”. 
With a smile, the Queen replied, “Because he is very strong.” The captain was rendered speechless. However, he quickly recovered and asked, “Are you sure you want to transfer him over for the meeting tonight? Is that man named King really so important? Besides, he must have his own bodyguards as well, so he may not necessarily need him!” 
Hearing the name King, a kind and affable smile formed on the Queen’s countenance and her eyes lit up a little. She replied, “Well, he may have his own guards, but I’d still like to show him my sincerity by sending the dedicated bodyguard I keep by my side, who is sworn upon his life to protect me, to protect him.” 
Barbarian was the Queen’s most trusted bodyguard, sworn upon his life to protect her.
The captain immediately said with dissatisfaction, “But if he leaves your side, you will be in great danger!” 
The Queen waved dismissively and replied, “There’s no need to worry. Why would anyone plot against me in Switzerland? Alright, that’s enough. Just send him there.” 
The captain frowned and asked, “Now?” 
“Yes. Go to the airport, wait for King’s arrival, and then pick him up. You must ensure his safety.” 
The captain couldn’t help but ask, “But what if you really meet with danger? If you…” 
“Alright, no more ‘buts’. The hotel is very safe. Even if he’s not around, you’re still here, aren’t you? Not to mention the rest of the bodyguards. If it really comes down to it, there are also all the Swiss guards and even the Assassin Alliance!” 
Speaking of which, the Queen suddenly thought of something and suddenly said, “If you really can’t put your mind at ease, then transfer Black Cat over and have her protect me.” 
As soon as she said that, the captain curled his lips disdainfully and said, “Those people are too ill- mannered and undisciplined. They will never amount to much, especially that defiant and rebellious Black Cat. Don’t worry, we won’t need her. I will definitely ensure your safety, Ma’am.” 
“Alright, I trust you.” 
The Queen was indifferent. 
In her opinion, having these personal bodyguards by her side was already enough.
The captain of the guards went out and sent Barbarian to the airport to wait for and protect King. Then, he double-checked the shift duty schedule and patrol route map. After verifying everything, he stood outside the Queen’s door. 
Through the window, he saw the masked Black Cat downstairs getting out of the car and slowly looking up. 
The captain of the guards immediately curled his lips in contempt. From the looks of it, the woman still had intentions of currying favor with the Queen. Unfortunately, all she had was fame but no actual skills… 
Besides, how could those sloppy and undisciplined people possibly compare to people like themselves who had received formal training? 
– 
Downstairs. 
Nora raised her head and looked upstairs. 
She had an electronic device in her hand and was intending to survey the surroundings to prevent unforeseen situations from breaking out. She also incidentally wanted to use the opportunity to perform well, in hopes of being selected and sent to protect King. 
Nobody could say if it was just sheer dumb luck or what, but she actually discovered a hint of abnormality-nearby the hotel was a teeny-weeny, barely discernible signal… She locked on to it instantly and found that it was a communication signal. 
She hacked into someone’s phone at once, upon which she heard someone speaking in a low voice: 
“The close protection bodyguard by the Queen’s side has left!”
“What about the rest?” 
“Don’t worry, the rest of the personal bodyguards are all trash. They can’t compare to our troops!” 
“Okay, we’ll get the men ready. We must make sure the Queen dies here! Tonight is our chance!” 
Chance? 
Nora’s eyes lit up.
###Chapter 897
Nora didn’t have any intentions of saving the Queen. 
After all, Barbarian was her personal bodyguard, and from the looks of it, he seemed like the one she trusted the most. The information she’d gotten from Karl had also stated that the Queen was on very close terms with Barbarian. 
Therefore, it was yet unknown whether the Queen was a friend or a foe. Besides, the two didn’t get along. Nora would have to be so bored that she has nothing better to do before she would even think of saving her. 
However, she still felt that tonight was her chance! 
She had already become suspicious of the Queen when she first found out that Xander had grown up in a basement in the royal palace. Coupled with how close a relationship the Queen and Barbarian shared, Nora now suspected that the Queen was related to the mysterious organization. In fact, she might even be the leader of the mysterious organization. 
Trueman was just the young master after all. His father could be called the real leader, but what if his father was actually serving the Queen? 
After all, the Queen did have the power! 
She was the sovereign of a state, after all! 
Thus, Nora wanted to sneak into her room to find out the truth. 
But with Barbarian around, she couldn’t sneak in at all. With a powerful guard like him around, the chances of her being discovered were simply too high. Although Black Cat was nimble and agile, and there was almost no place in the world she couldn’t get into, wouldn’t it be safer if Barbarian was not there?
Therefore, tonight was her chance! 
Nora hung up the phone. Then, she yawned and walked over to the lobby. 
Black Panther and the others were walking around the lobby on guard duty. The benefit of being away from the Queen’s floor was that they could be relatively more relaxed. At the sight of her, Black Panther hurried over and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Nora replied, “Since you don’t need me around tonight, I’m going back.” 
Black Panther: “?” 
He was dumbfounded. “What are you going back for?” 
As if it was right and justified, Nora answered, “To sleep.” 
Black Panther became even more flabbergasted. “Can’t you sleep in the car?” 
“It’s uncomfortable in there,” replied Nora. 
Black Panther: “!!” 
Goddammit, he felt like swearing! 
What did she think a mission was? Did she think it was okay to be so casual about it? 
He wanted to speak but Nora left without giving him a chance to. 
Black Panther: “” 
As he stared after Nora, Black Panther couldn’t even bring himself to swear anymore. He could only fume indignantly to himself-If Black Cat was here, she definitely wouldn’t be like this!
That woman was simply too unprofessional. 
At the sight of his reaction, Abbott, who was next to him, seized the opportunity to mock him. He said, “Women are nothing but trouble, if you ask me. Look at Black Cat, is this the attitude she should be taking toward a mission as an assassin? Just because it’s uncomfortable in the car… she’s going home to sleep?” 
Black Panther was awfully frustrated and aggrieved. 
He knew that Abbott was saying that while being fully aware that this “Black Cat” was fake… in other words, he was deliberately besmirching Black Cat’s name. 
After all, it wasn’t like Black Panther could change his tune and say that Nora wasn’t Black Cat but just the young lady of a wealthy family… 
He could only swallow his frustration… 
Nora, however, didn’t pay any attention to the two men’s dispute. After she left the hotel, she took off her mask, fished out from an inconspicuous part of the hotel a set of dark clothes that she had hidden in advance, and put them on. 
Before coming, she had already scouted out the place. 
After all, even if Barbarian was around, she still wanted to check it out, just in case. 
If the Queen turned out to have anything to do with the mysterious organization and the transnational biological gene serum case, then Nora would definitely teach her a good lesson! 
Of the more than 1,000 children who had been experimented on, only five remained…
This had nothing to do with her, but Xander had been locked up by them for whole five years! 
Even though she had been very calm and impassive on the surface after she found her son, the moment she thought of how her son had lived in a place like that for five years, a surge of anger welled up in her. 
She would definitely take revenge for him. 
She walked straight to the back of the hotel building. Immediately after, she took advantage of the moment when the guards were changing shifts to put on a pair of non-slip gloves and climb up the wall! 
Her movements were as agile and nimble as a cat’s as she pressed herself flat against the building. Coupled with how it was dusk, so it was getting dark out but the street lights hadn’t yet turned on, no one would notice that there was someone there unless they looked closely. 
Nora climbed straight to the floor where the Queen was and looked in through the window to observe the situation. When she reached the Queen’s room, she hung off the wall with one hand and took out a small thin wire with the other. Then, she poked it in, fiddled with it a couple of times, and the window opened at once. Before anyone could react, she slipped in in a flash. 
Her movements were smooth and fluidic, and she did not attract the guards’ attention at all. 
The Queen’s suite was huge. Nora quickly found a closet and slipped in. The Queen happened to come out of the study at that point with a document in her hand. 
The royal aide following the Queen by her side was giving her a report on some of the UK’s affairs. Nora was not interested in the talk until the subordinate suddenly asked, “Your Majesty, you have been making mention of King all this time, but… who on earth is he?” 
At the question, the Queen said a name.
###Chapter 898
Justin Hunt. 
The two words resounded in the room. 
The Queen was speaking in Welsh. 
This particular aide was the subordinate the Queen trusted the most. 
Although it was forbidden to speak of the name to outsiders, after holding back for so long, the Queen finally couldn’t help but say it out loud today. The aide was astonished but also enlightened. She remarked, “No wonder you treat him differently.” 
It didn’t stop at just “differently”, though! 
If it weren’t because the man couldn’t marry into the royal family, the Queen would have died to marry him! 
Unfortunately, the royal family had a literal throne to inherit and her own marital matters were not something she had a say in. Despite that, the Queen had never forgotten Justin all these years. 
Just as the aide wanted to speak, her cell phone rang. 
She answered the call and then said to the Queen, “It’s Princess Lucy.” 
The Queen took the cell phone, sat on the sofa, and took over the phone call. 
In the closet, Nora quietly stood where she was. It was unknown whether she had heard them when they spoke that name just now. 
On the sofa, Princess Lucy’s adorable voice came over through the phone. “Mommy, where are you? I miss you so much-“ 
The Queen replied, “I’m at the hotel. Do you want to take a look around?” 
“Okay!” 
After Lucy spoke, the Queen childishly held up her cell phone and went around the room. Lucy smiled and said, “How I wish I could be there with you! But I’ll only reach the day after tomorrow, sigh!” 
The Queen couldn’t help laughing. “It’s just two days.” 
“But these two days feel like forever to me. I miss you so much.” 
The Queen snorted and replied, “You mean you miss Cherry, right?” 
Lucy giggled and said, “Of course I miss you more, Mommy. By the way, have you prepared the gift I asked you to?” 
The Queen’s expression immediately turned sullen. She said, “That’s my favorite figurine but you’re taking it just to give it to Cherry! Lucy, you’ve come a long way, haven’t you?!” 
Lucy wheedled, “Mommy, you’re an adult. How can you fight over something with a child? Besides, didn’t we already agree on this long ago? My most esteemed royal Mommy?”
Although the Queen was dissatisfied and wore a huffy expression, she nevertheless said, “Fine, fine!” 
“Also! Mommy, remember to help me prepare a gift for Cherry’s mother too-“. 
The Queen’s face darkened immediately. “I refuse.” 
“Come on, Mommy. My royal Mommy, my most favorite and the most beautiful Mommy in the world, I know you don’t like her only because you’re jealous that she’s prettier than 
you-“ 
The Queen’s face darkened even further. “Lucy!” 
The sight of the Queen, who was frosty and all-powerful in public, behaving like this when interacting with her daughter in private made Nora see her in a new light a little. 
Lucy hung up. 
The Queen’s aide asked, “Shall I prepare a gift for Ms. Nora Smith?” 
The Queen snorted and replied, “Yes, do it. She’s Cheryl Smith’s mother, after all!” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
The aide then asked, “Are you really going to give that figurine to her?” 
The Queen’s heart started to bleed at the thought. 
The figurine in question was no ordinary figurine; it was a limited edition one that was specially made for her because they knew that she liked it! As it was made of pure gold, it had caused a great stir in the Royal Family back then, with all of them saying that she was being too extravagant.
After all, the Royal Family had to be mindful of its public image. Although they led a luxurious lifestyle, they should still remain approachable to commoners. 
At the time, the Queen had declared that she would never ask for a second one. Therefore, once she gave it away, it would be gone for 
good. 
The aide comforted her and said, “Why don’t I switch it with an ordinary figurine instead? Princess Lucy is not interested in such things, so she’ll never realize.” 
The Queen hesitated for a moment. In the end, she sighed and said, “Forget it, just give it to her! What am I fighting with a child for?” 
It was unknown whether the “child” she spoke of referred to Lucy or Cherry. 
When the two were about to start chatting, all of a sudden, chaos broke out on the lower floors. 
Outside the door, the captain of the bodyguards suddenly said, “Your Majesty, a fire has broken out downstairs! The fire is spreading too wildly. Let’s hurry and shift someplace else!” 
As he spoke, the fire immediately spread to the upper floor with a great boom like a serpent of flames! 
There was obviously something wrong with these flames. It was clear that someone had doused the place with flammable materials. 
They were trying to burn the Queen to death! 
Nora frowned. 
Who would harbor such an intense grudge against the Queen?
While she was wondering about it, the aide answered her question. 
“The mysterious organization is so horrible! How can they do this to you?! They are so persistent, coming after you from abroad all the way to Switzerland! Your Majesty, let’s hurry and leave!” 
Nora was stunned when she heard her. 
The mysterious organization was after the Queen’s life? 
Did this mean that… the Queen and the mysterious organization were enemies? 
The cogs in Nora’s mind turned at high speed. 
According to Trueman, Barbarian had betrayed the mysterious organization. However, the Queen was backing up Barbarian. It might seem like Barbarian was protecting the Queen, but in truth, wasn’t he also under the Queen’s protection? 
Otherwise, the mysterious organization would already have found him in all these years. 
The fire was fierce, and to make matters worse, they were on the higher floors. Nora pushed open the closet door and walked over to the window to check on the situation outside. 
On the first floor, Black Panther and Abbott had discovered the fire upstairs and were running up frantically with their men. 
Since they had taken the remuneration, they must do their job. 
This was a rule in the Assassin Alliance. 
Just as she was about to jump out the window, gunshots suddenly rang out from beyond the door! 
The door was pushed open once more; the aide and the captain of the bodyguards protected the Queen as they entered. The captain said, “Their firepower is too intense out there! We can only hide here for now!” 
The aide retorted furiously, “But the fire will reach us soon! Are we supposed to just let ourselves turn into roast pigs by staying here?” 
Even at a moment like this, the Queen reprimanded her angrily and said, “Please mind your words! You’re the only pig!” 
The aide: “…” 
The aide looked at the captain and yelled furiously, “What do we do now? Think of something! If Barbarian was here, he’d definitely be able to take the Queen out of here!” 
The captain frowned and said, “I didn’t expect the mysterious organization to be so powerful that they could even infiltrate the Swiss government… Don’t worry, everyone will rush upstairs once they hear the gunshots. There aren’t many of them, so they will be subdued very soon!” 
The aide, however, yelled, “There may not be many of them, but all of them are fighters ready to lay down their lives! They are risking their lives precisely to stop the people downstairs from saving us!” 
Fighters ready to lay down their lives for their missions did not fear death.
Moreover, the corridor was narrow. By staying there, they were preventing the Queen from going out and stopping people from coming in just so they could burn the Queen alive. 
Now, the captain could either charge out there and fight those people outside to death, or they could stay there and wait for their deaths. 
The captain was certainly willing to risk his life. But the problem was that once he charged out there, should he die, there would really be no one left to protect the Queen! Until the assailants barged into the room, the captain’s duty was to stay by the Queen’s side and protect her. At the window, Nora found herself for words as she listened to their conversation. 
She was originally planning to jump down by herself, but for some reason, she suddenly thought of the Queen’s facial expression when she said that she would give the figurine to Cherry. 
The Queen was arrogant, but it seemed that she wasn’t entirely useless either. 
When she thought of this, Nora suddenly put on Black Cat’s mask and walked over abruptly. The moment she moved, the captain noticed her presence, and he immediately pointed his gun at her. 
Nora couldn’t be bothered to waste her breath on him, so she cast a silver needle at the muzzle, pushing it away from her. Then, she went up to the Queen and grabbed her arm. Immediately after, she rushed to the window and leaped out! 
“Ahhh!” 
The Queen thought that she would be smashed into pulp, but unexpectedly, the speed at which she was plunging suddenly dropped to zero. Only then did she realize that Nora was clutching a rope with her other hand. 
It was unknown what kind of material the rope was made of, but it was resistant to fire.
However, because Nora had only one hand to grip the rope with, her hand ended up rubbing tightly against the rope. Moreover, she was even carrying another person’s weight. This led to the glove becoming damaged from the friction, which caused her palm to bleed. 
Bam! 
Nora landed on the ground. 
As for the Queen, she fell onto the ground. 
At this point… 
A screech of tires rang out-Barbarian was back from picking up the guest. He jumped out of the car and ran toward the Queen. “Your Majesty, are you all right?” Barbarian helped the Queen up. 
The Queen got up. The woman, who had experienced many assassination attempts in her life, was calm and collected. She replied, “I’m fine. Where’s King?” 
“I’ve brought him here.” 
Following Barbarian’s reply, the door of the car opened and a tall familiar-looking figure got out of the car. 
###Chapter 899
King wore a black, patternless mask covering his entire face in the darkness. He also wore a black trench coat that fully wrapped around him. 
Apart from his height, one couldn’t tell anything of his appearance at first glance. 
King was like the ruler of the night. Just him standing there, a chilling aura enveloped the surroundings, such that no one around them dared take him lightly. 
At the sight of him, the Queen neatened her hair and smoothed her skirt. Then, with a smile, she started to walk over to King. 
Barbarian, however, said, “Why don’t you see a doctor before going over? King is not in a hurry.” 
The Queen had long since regained her usual poise and grace. She placed her hands at her abdomen and kept her back straight as she, in strict accordance with court etiquette, walked over to King. As she did, she said, “Mr. King is already here. If I choose to go to the doctor now, wouldn’t I be snubbing him?” 
Barbarian hesitated for a while and then tried to dissuade her again. “There’s been an assassination attempt on your life, hasn’t it? It’s fine even if you make him wait a bit.” 
Although there had been an assassination attempt on her life, and the Queen had been awfully flustered when she was upstairs just now, she maintained her pride at this moment and deliberately said within earshot of King, “This little hiccup is nothing. I’ve seen worse.” 
“… But our bodyguards are all still upstairs,” said Barbarian.
“Why do you have so many excuses?” The Queen interrupted him and said reproachfully, “As my first bodyguard, you should learn to stay calm.” 
The Queen spoke very gracefully and took the opportunity to educate him. Then, she added, “Besides, didn’t a lot of people from the Assassin Alliance and the Hitmen League also come over? It is their honor to protect me!” 
After speaking, she looked at Nora with a gentle and elegant smile and said, “There are so many talented people around. Black Cat here can even mount the eaves and walk the walls!” 
Nora glanced at her, hesitant to speak and also at a loss for words. 
While the Queen was speaking, she had already come up to King. She bowed gracefully and said, “Long time no see, Mr. King.” 
The Queen had practiced the action numerous times in front of the mirror. 
King was not someone one could meet all the time. 
The last time the two of them met had been three years ago. 
The Queen maintained her pride and self-esteem in front of the person she liked, wishing to show him only her best. 
King hesitated for a moment. His dark eyes first glanced behind her, seemingly passing over Black Cat quickly before he returned a bow of his own and said, “Long time no see, Your Majesty.” 
King spoke in Welsh, his voice deep and pleasant. 
The Queen’s eyes lit up, and she continued in Welsh and said, “Mr. King is as charming as 
ever.”
King, however, looked around and didn’t answer. 
Seeing this, the Queen suddenly realized something. She suddenly looked at Nora and asked in English, “Black Cat, do you speak Welsh?” 
Nora shook her head without hesitation. 
Only then did the Queen put her mind at ease. 
King probably had some things that he couldn’t quite mention in public, so the two would need to have a private chat. Besides… Black Cat had been upstairs just now, who knew when she had reached there? The things that she and her aide had said in Welsh weren’t suitable for outsiders’ ears. However, now that she knew Black Cat didn’t speak Welsh, she could rest assured. 
Only then did the Queen look at King. 
For some reason, she felt that King seemed relieved too. 
Although he still sounded distant, his words were more or less still pleasant. He said, “Your Majesty is as radiant as ever.” 
The Queen covered her mouth and laughed. She said, “Really? I thought I’d aged since we last met three years ago.” 
King: “…” 
He gave the Queen a complicated glance and then replied, “Not at all. It seems that time doesn’t move for you, Ma’am.” 
The Queen lowered her eyes and said, “I heard that you now have a daughter too. As it happens, she and my daughter are good friends. Your fiancée, Nora Smith, and I are also old friends. She was round and plump back then, but I heard that she has lost weight and become much prettier? I wonder who is more beautiful, me or her?” 
… Hah, I have now witnessed for myself our farce of a friendship, Nora thought to herself. 
At the mention of Nora, King glanced at Black Cat again. Something flashed across his dark eyes as though he was weighing something. At last, he said in Welsh, “You have a grander presence, Ma’am.” 
The Queen bit her lip. 
King hadn’t said that she was more beautiful but only that she had a grander presence. Although it sounded perfunctory, it was already very rare for him to say that. 
As a businessman, King rarely participated in power struggles. Although he maintained good relations with the authorities of various countries, he never curried favors with them. 
For every country, in addition to the military, their economy was also of utmost importance. 
Therefore, no matter where he went, King was always welcomed, and he was also the of everyone’s favor. Besides, King had said it straight to her face that she was ugly. 
After a separation of three years, the man had surprisingly become less mean. 
The Queen’s face glowed even more radiantly than before. 
She smiled and asked, “Then, shall we have dinner tonight? Will Mr. King grace me with his presence?” 
King answered, “It’d be an honor to.”
After speaking, he glanced at Nora again and then deliberately said in English, “It’s a custom in the UK to conduct business over a meal anyway, so it’s not a problem.” 
The Queen didn’t understand why he had added that in English, but she didn’t press the matter. 
Upstairs, the two assailants had been shot dead and the fire was extinguished, but the hotel had still suffered a lot of damage. Fortunately, the restaurant next to it was still open, and there was also accommodation available in that building. 
Thus, the group moved over to the other building with great momentum. 
The Queen said to King, “Why don’t you head to the restaurant first? I’ll go back and get a change of clothes.” 
“Sure,” replied King. 
Only then did the Queen head to the upper floors with her aide, who had been rescued, holding her arm. While she was heading upstairs, something seemed to occur to the Queen and she said to Nora, “Black Cat, you will stay close to me and protect me.” 
Nora followed behind her without a word. Even after she walked far into the distance, she could still sense King’s gaze on her. 
On the way there, the Queen and her aide continued speaking to each other in Welsh. 
The aide smiled and said, “Mr. King is surprisingly polite today. He doesn’t seem entirely disinterested in you.” 
The Queen, however, sneered, “Do you really think that is true? It’s only because he has something to ask of me! Otherwise, he would never go along with me like that!”
The Queen had dealt with King many times before, so she knew very well what he was like. 
For him to suddenly go along with her, he must have something to ask of her. 
However, the Queen changed the subject again and said, “Regardless, I held myself very well just now, right? I must have been very elegant, right? That’s exactly it; I want him to see how elegant I have become so that he will be filled with regret!” 
The aide looked at her hesitantly. 
The two entered the room that had been prepared for them. The queen held her skirt up and walked gracefully into the dressing room. And then… 
“Ahhh!” 
The Queen pointed to the woman with the dark, sooty cheeks in the mirror. “I-Is that how I looked just now?” 
At the thought of how she had deliberately feigned elegance and gracefulness when she looked like such an ugly mess, the Queen had a mental breakdown. 
The aide: “…” 
“Barbarian! Why didn’t you tell me?!” 
Barbarian, who was standing outside the door: “…” 
He had been trying very hard to, but if the Queen refused to listen, there was nothing he could do!
###Chapter 900
The Queen felt like she had just experienced social death. 
Because of the fire, not only was there soot on her face, but even her hair had frizzled from the fire and was draped on her head in a mess. Yet she had gone to meet King with her face in this exact state and even asked him, “Who is more beautiful, me or Nora Smith?” 
The moment she thought about it, she felt so embarrassed that she wished she could bury herself in a hole… 
The Queen quickly changed into another set of clothes. By the time she stepped out, she had regained her composure. The aide observed the Queen’s expression warily and asked, “Your Majesty, are you alright?” 
Although the Queen felt terribly embarrassed deep down, she remained calm on the outside. 
She answered, “It seems King has quite a big request for me this time.” 
Otherwise, given that ridiculous appearance of hers, would King be able to bring himself to compliment her? 
The aide also found it puzzling. She asked, “What could he possibly have to ask of you? After all, he is…” 
She swallowed the rest of her words, however. The Queen glanced at Barbarian and Black Cat and then gave the aide a look. 
It was forbidden to reveal King’s identity to outsiders. Even after so many years, the aide was the only one the Queen had told the truth. Although Barbarian was her trusted bodyguard, it was still better to keep some things secret if possible.
The aide shut up. 
Nora, who was following them at the back, was observing Barbarian at the moment. 
The man had shed his fierce and savage aura. He was as docile as a wolfhound when he was by the Queen’s side, which felt rather novel to her. 
With each of them harboring their own thoughts, the four entered the restaurant. 
King was already seated on the sofa. 
The Queen put on a dignified smile and walked over as though she hadn’t just made a fool of herself. With a smile, she said in English, “I’ve kept you waiting.” 
King paused and glanced at Black Cat before he replied in Welsh, “It’s my honor to wait for you.” 
All these things King was saying were all just a gentlemanly way of speech in the UK. 
Not a single word was suggestive or ambiguous. 
But because King had always been stern with women, the chivalry he was displaying at the moment shocked and flattered the Queen. 
She just didn’t know why King had switched to Welsh again. Wasn’t it alright even if they communicated in English? 
The Queen smiled and sat opposite King. While ordering food, King went along with her food preferences the whole time. Additionally, he also spoke in Welsh the whole time. 
After ordering food, the Queen started to discuss work matters with King. She said, “Alright, you’ve been very courteous to me the whole evening. Tell me, what exactly do you want to ask of me?”
King didn’t beat about the bush; after all, it was better if he could leave after finishing his business here. He hated wasting time the most. 
He said unhurriedly, “I will be going to the UK sometime in the near future.” 
The Queen: “?” 
Her eyes lit up. “We have guest residences in the palace. You are welcome to stay there any time.” 
King coughed and said, “I intend to bring a few friends.” 
The Queen smiled. “These are all trivial matters, there is no problem at all. When have I ever rejected you during all your past visits?” 
King thought to himself, … I’ve never stayed at the palace before!… Even though the Queen invites me over with great enthusiasm each time… Besides, I’ve only been to the UK thrice! She makes it sound like I go there all the time! 
Fortunately, a certain somebody did not understand Welsh. 
King breathed a sigh of relief and didn’t refute her. He coughed and said, “There will be… quite a few people coming this time.” The Queen laughed again. “Other people’s homes may not be able to house too many guests, but what’s ‘quite a few’ people to the palace? How many people will you be bringing? I’ll get things ready for you in advance.” 
“Not that many, actually. Just a hundred or so, I suppose,” replied King. The Queen: “?” 
Even her smile had frozen a little.
One hundred outsiders in Buckingham Palace? Should they be up to no good, with that number, they could stage a revolution in there! 
It was no problem at all if King was just bringing four or five people there, but a hundred was too many. 
No wonder he was being so amicable today! 
The Queen was a little displeased. She asked, “What are you bringing so many people with you for? Surely it can’t be because you’re getting married, right?” 
“No, that’s not the plan,” replied King. 
The Queen then asked, “Is your fiancée coming?” 
King raised his brows. 
The Queen said meaningfully, “You know, the mother of your children.” 
King’s identity was not to be revealed to the public, so the Queen would never directly mention Nora’s name. 
King answered, “No, she won’t be coming.” 
Only then did the Queen breathe a sigh of relief, but she soon said with a smile, “Speaking of her, your fiancée and I have met a few times before. I’ve also personally received her before when she visited the palace in the past.” 
King nodded but didn’t pay much attention to what she said. Just then, the food was served. After he took a couple of bites from his salad, he suddenly realized that something wasn’t right. He looked up abruptly and asked, “Did you say that she has been to the palace?”
The Queen nodded. “Yes, that’s right.” 
A foreboding feeling suddenly welled up in King’s heart. He asked, “Did the two of you communicate in English?” 
The Queen replied, “Of course not. She speaks fluent Welsh.” 
King: “!!!” 
Chills suddenly ran down his spine. 
Didn’t someone say that they didn’t speak Welsh?!

###Chapter 901
King subconsciously looked at Nora, who was standing at the side and seemingly guarding them. In truth, though, she was leaning against the wall with her head tilted to the side and napping. 
The Queen continued. “By the way, what are you coming to the UK for?” 
King lowered his gaze and answered, “Mm, I have some business meetings to attend.” 
“What kind of business meetings require you to bring 100 people with you?” King lifted his head and looked at the Queen intently. “Are you forbidding me from coming over?” 
The Queen choked. 
For some reason, she felt like the man’s attitude had turned a little cold, and the perfunctory amiability from just now was gone. 
The Queen wasn’t afraid of him, of course. 
It was just that, because she had a crush on him, she was automatically relegated to a disadvantageous position. 
She explained patiently, “I’m not forbidding you from coming, but every visitor to Buckingham Palace is subject to strict scrutiny. After all, you should know that not just anybody is allowed to enter. You can only bring a maximum of 20 people with you into the palace!” 
King bargained, “70.” 
The Queen sighed. “30 at most. No more than that!” 
“60.” 
The Queen: “?”
The Queen gritted her teeth and said, “35! No more!” 
“55.” 
The Queen: “!!” 
Did he think he was negotiating a business deal with her? Did he know the consequences of giving 55 of them the go-ahead into Buckingham Palace?! 
The Queen couldn’t help but ask, “What on earth are you planning to do there?” 
“Business meetings.” 
Well, with that, she couldn’t continue the topic with him any further. 
Nora, whose eyes were narrowed into slits, seemed asleep, but in reality, she had been listening to them with her ears pricked up. 
What kind of business meeting was he having? Was that the way to make a request to the Queen? 
Just as she was secretly dissing him, the Queen heaved another helpless sigh, surprisingly showing him exceptional patience. She said, “I really take my hat off to you. You refuse to tell me anything, yet you insist that I give you clearance. 40 peoplethis is my limit.” 
“Deal.” 
King immediately replied with just a single word. 
Only then did the Queen say, “What have you been up to lately? You…” 
Before she could even finish, King suddenly stood up and said, “I suddenly recalled that I have something to attend to, so I’ll leave first.”
The Queen: “!” 
She stared at King, stunned. 
Was he kicking her to the curb now that she had outlived her usefulness? And casting her aside as soon as she had served her purpose? 
This man was so… 
She was practically at a total loss for words. She asked resignedly, “You only want to bring 40 people with you into the palace, right?” 
King countered with a question of his own and asked, “Can I bring more?” 
“… No, you can’t! But you can’t just cast me aside after making use of me, either. Can’t you at least finish the meal with me?” 
“Then let me bring another ten people with me.” 
IIII 
The Queen really took her hat off to him. She stamped her foot angrily in a rare show of girliness in front of outsiders and said, “Go, go! Your time sure costs a lot!” 
King nodded. 
Just as he turned to leave, the Queen looked at Barbarian and said, “Go with him. You are responsible for protecting him during these three days he’s in Switzerland.”
However, Barbarian said in Welsh with displeasure, “But what are you going to do if I’m gone? You’ll be in great danger if you encounter another attack like the one just now.” 
The Queen raised her chin proudly and said, “I was the one who contacted him and asked him over to Switzerland. If it’s so dangerous here, then all the more I have to ensure his safety. Besides, aren’t there a lot of people here anyway? Didn’t Black Cat risk her life to protect me precisely because she wants to become my close protection bodyguard?” 
After speaking, afraid that Barbarian would still be worried, the Queen looked at Nora and said, “Black Cat, seeing that you saved me, I allow you to stay by my side and protect me.” 
After saying this, she raised her head proudly. 
As the Queen of the UK, she had always been the subject of adulation. Take, for example, the two major organizations, the Assassin Alliance and the Hitman League. In order to please her, both had given their all in the rescue operation just now. 
Abbott from the Hitman League had even suffered burns from the fire. 
Now that she was giving Black Cat an opportunity like this, she would undoubtedly be incredibly grateful to her. 
Unexpectedly, though, as soon as she spoke, Black Cat walked over. The woman’s voice was icy as she replied impassively, “No, it’s okay.” 
Her reply stunned the Queen, and she asked, “Didn’t you risk your life to come upstairs and save me just so you could stay by my side and protect me?” 
“No.”
Nora looked at King intently and said, “I did it so that I could protect him.” With King visiting Switzerland, Clifford, the Swiss minister, would have to arrange for people to protect him. Just a moment ago, a team of people had already assembled outside, ready to set off. When the Queen heard her, she inexplicably felt like she had just been stabbed in the heart. 
She looked at Black Cat and then at King, feeling a little embarrassed. She said, “King has never allowed women to come near him, so I’m afraid this won’t be possible.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows and looked at King. She replied, “Really? Why don’t you ask him?” 
King was, after all, the VIP this time. Clifford would definitely prioritize pleasing him over other people. 
The Queen was rather annoyed, so she asked King in Welsh, “This is Black Cat from the Assassin Alliance. She’s a woman. She says that she wants to be your bodyguard, but I don’t think you would agree, right?” 
As the Queen spoke, she glanced at Black Cat. No one was allowed to refuse her! 
Especially if it’s a woman. 
King had always practiced abstinence. If she hadn’t known that he had a son, she would have thought that he liked men instead. 
Apart from that woman named Nora Smith, King would never allow other women to come near him. 
Therefore, King would reject Black Cat for sure. 
Once King rejected her, she would also reject her! She would see what Black Cat would do then! 
She would be the one embarrassed! 
King: “…”
He was about to answer when he saw Black Cat turn to look at him. For some reason, he felt like Black Cat had seen through
###Chapter 902
King kept quiet for a while. He actually didn’t want her to come with him; after all, what he was about to do was too dangerous. 
However, he could see the persistence in her eyes at this moment. 
If he didn’t agree, then she would go to the UK with the Queen. 
That’s right, when King realized that she understood Welsh, he had immediately known that she had seen through his plan. 
He heaved a quiet sigh and said, “It’s my honor to have Ms. Black Cat protecting me.” 
The Queen who was waiting to laugh at Black Cat: “?” 
Her eyes widened in surprise, and she looked at King and Black Cat in disbelief, her gaze shifting between the two again and again. At last, with a frown, she asked, “Are you sure?” 
King nodded. “Yeah.” 
The Queen bit her lip. “Won’t your fiancée mind?” 
She deliberately spoke in English so that Black Cat understood what she was saying. 
She had to let Black Cat know that King had a fiancée! And on top of that…! 
The Queen smiled and added, “And your children, too?” 
King raised his brows and immediately replied, “They would probably be thrilled.” 
The Queen: “…” 
She’d had enough!
Even so, all she could do was maintain a graceful smile. She looked at Black Cat and said, “Since Mr. King has chosen you, you will be responsible for keeping him safe these three days.” 
Nora nodded and followed King out. 
As the Queen watched Black Cat, who was about to step out, she suddenly thought back to the moment she had rescued her earlier in the evening. 
When the fire was surrounding her in the high-rise building, despite being confident and determined, the Queen had nevertheless thought for a moment that she might die in there. 
Over the years, after experiencing so many assassination attempts, she had long since become accustomed to such situations. 
But in the dark night, as the flames spread, when Black Cat held her waist and leaped off the tall building with her, she had taken notice of Black Cat’s hand that was gripping the rope. 
At this moment, as Black Cat walked toward the exit, even though the wound on her palm had been dressed, the white bandages around it still made her narrow her eyes a little. 
The Queen’s authority was not to be challenged. 
Therefore, when Black Cat rejected becoming her bodyguard to be King’s instead, she had indeed gotten angry and had wanted to see her make a fool out of herself. But when she saw the bandages around Black Cat’s palm as she followed King out the door, the Queen’s eyes suddenly flickered. 
“Wait a minute,” The Queen suddenly said. 
Both King and Black Cat stopped in their tracks.
The Queen walked up to Black Cat and said arrogantly, “Come over here. I have some instructions for you.” 
Nora: “?” 
After speaking, the Queen raised her chin and walked to the side. Nora followed her over. 
Initially, she’d thought that she would be subjected to ridicule and mockery from the Queen, but unexpectedly, the Queen instead said awkwardly and fiercely, “I just want to warn you that Mr. King’s fiancée is not to be trifled with!” 
When she thought of Nora and how she always looked so nonplussed at everything, the Queen gritted her teeth angrily. Then, she said, “Two days later, we’ll be going to his fiancée’s turf. If she hears that a female bodyguard like you is by King’s side, that shrew will definitely become jealous!” 
Nora: “?” 
The Queen went on and said fiercely, “If you run into that fat and fierce shrew, remember to take a step back. Don’t worry, seeing that you saved my life, I will take you in. I won’t let them mock you.” 
“… Okay.” 
Nora looked at the blond and blue-eyed woman, who was always putting on airs, in front of her. For some reason, she now found her a little cute. 
Seeing how indifferent Black Cat was, the Queen became even angrier, feeling like her kindness had gone unappreciated. She immediately waved her off and said, “Alright, alright. You can go!” 
Nora turned around. However, before she left, she said softly, “Thanks.” 
Her voice was cool and low, but it made the Queen feel a little better.
Nora followed King out the door. Clifford, who was standing outside and waiting in person, looked at King respectfully and said, “Mr. King, these are the bodyguards that I’ve picked for you. They will be responsible for your safety while you are in Switzerland.” 
King nodded indifferently. 
He understood very well that while those bodyguards were, on the surface, protecting him, in actuality, they might be secretly monitoring him instead. 
Moreover, most of them were internal personnel of the Swiss government. 
King had his own bodyguards with him, so the bodyguards deployed by the Swiss could only stand guard at the outer boundaries. King walked to his vehicle. 
Clifford continued. “Mr. King, are you sure you don’t want to stay in the hotel we prepared for you? After all, our arrangements will be safer…” 
But as soon as he said that, King glanced at the hotel that was still emitting smoke, and he asked, “Is that so?” 
Clifford: “…” 
He suddenly lost all his confidence! 
He gave him an embarrassed smile and said, “In that case… See you tomorrow.” 
The queen had an appointment with the Swiss president and King the next day. 
King nodded and turned to get into the car.
Nora followed behind him. When she arrived where his car was, she saw two familiar faces: Sean and Lawrence. 
The two men had left the country at some point in time and were by his side. 
Well-done. 
He had the time to contact them, but not the time to give her a phone call. 
На. 
While thinking about it, Nora saw King get into one of the cars. Immediately, she tried to get into the same car but was stopped by Lawrence. 
“You, take the car at the very back.” 
Lawrence ordered. 
He looked at the woman in front of him and curled his lips disdainfully. Where did this female bodyguard even pop up from? To think she wanted to take the same car as his boss. Ha, no way. 
He had to watch over his boss for Ms. Smith, after all. 
However, without even saying a word, Nora merely bent over, went around Lawrence nimbly, and got into the car. 
King, who had just gotten in the car: “…” 
For some reason, he suddenly felt chills running down his spine.
###Chapter 903
Outside the car, Lawrence immediately panicked at the sight and stepped forward. He said, “Hey, you can’t…” 
Bam! 
Nora closed the car door, shutting out Lawrence’s noisy yammering. 
Lawrence: “?” 
Lawrence became even more fired up. He reached out to knock on the car window but Sean grabbed his arm at this point. He pushed his glasses up slightly and said frostily, “Don’t knock anymore.” 
“What do you mean ‘Don’t knock’?!” Lawrence retorted furiously, “Didn’t you see how stupid that woman is? Is this car one she can get into? It’s my duty to block out unwanted propositions for Boss!” 
After speaking, he wanted to knock again, but Sean’s voice came over once more. He said, “Do you think any random person could get into Boss’ car?” 
As soon as he said that, something clicked in Lawrence’s mind. 
Indeed, others might not know, but he did. His boss was the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts and was highly skilled in martial arts. It was true that not just anyone could get near him. 
Yet his boss had allowed that female bodyguard to enter the car. Could it be that…? 
Lawrence glared at Sean. “Boss has fallen for someone else? Or is he planning to see someone else behind Ms. Smith’s back? Sean, you mustn’t go along with Boss in things like this; we must stand on the side of justice. Although Ms. Smith isn’t very reliable, she did bear three children for Boss! …” 
Sean: “…”
Sean couldn’t be bothered to speak any further, he dragged him over to the car behind. 
After everyone got into their cars, Sean ignored the noise by his ear and ordered, “Let’s go.” 
All the cars immediately started and drove out one after another. 
Inside the black car in the middle. 
King sat upright, glancing to the side out of the corner of his eye every now and then. 
Nora had followed him into the car. She must be thinking that “Revenge is a dish best served cold”, right? 
But since getting in the car, she had stayed silent the whole time, leaning against the seat with her arms folded. The aura around her was frigid and she seemed to be waiting for him to speak first. 
King didn’t know what to say. 
Had she discovered his identity yet or not? 
A long while later, seeing that Nora was still staying quiet despite so much time passing, King finally couldn’t stand it anymore. He asked slowly, “Are you mad?” 
“…” She didn’t respond. 
She must really be mad at him, right? 
King turned his head. The nervous man wanted to explain, but when he leaned in, he suddenly heard even breathing coming from the woman. 
King was stunned for a moment. Then, he gently removed her mask, upon which he saw that the woman’s eyes were closed and her lips slightly parted. As expected, she had indeed fallen asleep.
King gazed intently at her for a while. 
It seemed that he simply couldn’t get enough of that face. 
After waiting for a short while, he slowly took off his black mask, revealing the visage that took even time’s breath away. Above his fair cheeks were deep-set eyes filled with love and affection. Even the beauty mark at the corner of his eye seemed to be glowing softly in this instant. 
The chauffeur looked through the mirror at the two people in the backseat. 
In his earphone was Lawrence’s voice. 
“Keep an eye on them, Hubert. Don’t let that woman take advantage of Boss. Also, if Boss loses control of himself, you must remind him that he has three children at home, so he can’t fool around outside. That woman, Nora Smith, is not to be trifled with. If she finds out that Boss had the audacity to philander, she will definitely walk out on him with the three kids!” 
Just like that, the chauffeur watched helplessly as his boss took off the woman’s mask. As he couldn’t get a full view from the mirror, he couldn’t see the woman’s face. Nevertheless, he still saw his boss slowly leaning toward her… 
Just as the chauffeur was about to see what his boss wanted to do, a screen was suddenly lowered with a loud swoosh, blocking their line of sight. 
The partition not only blocked the chauffeur’s line of sight but also blocked out sound. As a result, he couldn’t tell what was going on inside anymore. 
The chauffeur: “!!”
“How is it? Hubert, is it convenient for you to talk?” 
Hubert became nervous. “Yeah, I can talk now, Lawrence.” 
Lawrence asked, “Then speak. How is that woman? Is she behaving?” 
Hubert replied, “I can’t see anything anymore. Boss has pulled down the screen!” 
Lawrence: “!!!” 
Two seconds later, Lawrence panicked. He cried out, “It’s over! It’s all over! Sean, this is all your fault for blindly pleasing Boss all the time! Don’t you know that times like these are when he needs subordinates like us the most? Now that Boss has made such a mistake, tell me, what is he going to do?! One is Ms. Smith while the other is that female bodyguard. Surely Boss won’t succumb to seduction and abandon his wife and children, right?!” 
“… Can you shut up?” asked Sean. 
“No, I can’t! I’m in a huge panic!” 
Lawrence was just like a cat on a hot tin roof at the moment. 
Sean decided to ignore him. 
In the backseat, Justin had absolutely no idea what his subordinates were currently picturing in their minds. He merely leaned in closer and closer… Then, his lips slowly pressed against her soft lips. 
He didn’t dare to exert any force, for fear of waking her up. 
However, his longing for her that he had kept restrained all this time was infinitely amplified at this moment, consuming him all of a sudden.
He gazed at the visage right before his eyes. 
The girl was so pale that her skin was practically see-through. Seemingly exhausted, she slept relatively soundly. Her small and delicate nose was pert and her usually indifferent almond-shaped eyes were tightly shut at the moment. She looked so docile and well-behaved that it made one want to ravish her. 
He tried hard to restrain his desire. Even his breathing had become messed up causing the man, who had always been sharp, to fail to notice that the woman’s breathing had also become messed up. 
He merely gazed at her in such close proximity. It was a while later that he finally struggled to slowly raise his head. The moment the soft sensation at his lips disappeared, he felt an emptiness in the depths of his heart. 
As he touched his lips, he couldn’t help but look at the woman again-only to see that in the dimly lit car, the woman had, at some point in time, opened her eyes and was looking straight at him.
###Chapter 904
Justin sat up abruptly. The man, who had just done something bad, had such a guilty conscience that he didn’t dare to look at her. 
The man, who had always been able to dominate the space he was in, tensed up. In his mind, his thoughts were also warring with one another: When had she woken up? She didn’t feel that just now, did she? Should he continue kissing her? 
While he was having an internal struggle, the woman abruptly grabbed his collar and pulled him over hard. Justin, a man who could dodge all the gunfire in a rain of bullets, was yanked toward her like a weakling, and he bumped into her. 
“Come on, let’s…” 
Upon hearing this, Justin kissed her hard again. 
The kiss this time was extremely passionate. 
Justin felt as if the woman was about to claim every part of him, right down to his bones, and the lust in his eyes gradually grew stronger. But when he was about to reach into her clothes, the woman grabbed him. 
Justin slowly looked at her. In a husky voice, he asked, “Not doing it anymore?” Nora replied, “Let’s…” She’d only uttered a word when the man moved again, seemingly dying to devour her in the car. Nora hurriedly held his hands down again. 
It was only then that she felt that the man actually had a lot of physical strength. He must have intentionally lost to her in all their fights in the past, right? 
Sensing her displeasure, the man stopped.
His breathing was ragged and fine beads of perspiration had formed on his forehead in the small vehicle. His voice had become even hoarser than before as he asked, “Didn’t you say ‘Let’s?” 
“… I meant let’s talk!” retorted Nora. 
Justin froze, only realizing then that he had misunderstood. But now that his desire had been aroused, how would he possibly have the leisure to care about that? He leaned forward to kiss her again and said, “Let’s talk after our business here is done.” 
Nora held his head away from her, the look in her eyes chilly as she said, “Mr. King, our business here is to have a good talk.” 
“Mr. King”… 
That one line of hers made Justin suddenly realize something: the woman was angry! 
He coughed and hurriedly sat up straight, all the nonsensical thoughts thrown out of his mind. He looked at Nora and said, “Nora, listen, let me explain.” 
“Okay. Go on, I’m listening.” 
Nora folded her arms and looked at him indifferently with her cat-like eyes. 
How could Nora possibly not be mad? 
She had already told Justin that she wanted to look for King and curry favor with him but little did she think that the man would keep the fact that he was King from her! 
Although the man had worn a mask, he was someone whom she loved deeply. No matter how hard he tried to hide his identity, even if it was by pure intuition, she would still be able to recognize him immediately once they met.
Even if that guy turned into ashes, he still wouldn’t be able to escape her notice. Did he think he was that successful in hiding his identity? 
Even so long after they got in the car, he still didn’t explain himself like he should have done. Instead, she even had to ask him about it. 
Moreover, ever since the Barbarian incident, the guy had disappeared into thin air. He had the time to contact Sean and Lawrence but didn’t have the time to give her even a phone call? 
There were serious consequences to be had when Nora got mad! 
Seeing the cold look in the woman’s eyes, Justin immediately understood how important this matter was. He lowered his eyes and heaved a silent sigh. He said, “It’s not that I didn’t want to tell you, or that I didn’t want to contact you. I… was injured.” 
Injured? Nora’s eyelashes quivered a little and she glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. 
Who was he trying to kid?! Going by how enthusiastic he had been while he was chatting with the Queen earlier, no matter how one looked at it, he didn’t seem to be hurt at all. 
This guy was too insidious. He must be deliberately acting weak in front of her, right? 
She didn’t move, nor did she speak. Instead, she continued waiting for him to explain. 
Justin didn’t seem to be waiting for her to speak either. He merely touched his chest subconsciously. 
Upon noticing what he did, Nora frowned and said, “Take off your clothes.” 
Ahead of them was a traffic light. 
Thus, the car had stopped temporarily.
Hubert, the chauffeur, pressed his ear against the screen, hoping to hear what exactly was going on behind him. But the moment he did, he heard the four sensational words: “Take off your clothes”. 
Hubert: “”!!” 
In his earphone, Lawrence was still pressing him for details. 
“How is it? Did you hear anything?” 
“Y-yes, I did.” 
“What are they doing? What are they saying?” 
Hubert stared straight ahead of him in a daze as he replied, “Take off your clothes’.” “What?!” 
Lawrence was dumbfounded. “It’s over, it’s all over. Boss has really been bewitched by that vixen! Ms. Smith is going to be abandoned!” 
In the backseat. 
Justin was also stunned for a second by Nora’s directness. Then, he broke into a smile, his eyes creasing, which seemed to even brighten the dim light in the car a little. 
He remarked unhurriedly, “Mm? Are you that direct?” 
However, he didn’t move. 
Nora knew that the man was doing it on purpose this time to change the subject. Without saying another word, she reached out forcefully, grabbed Justin’s blazer, and took it off.
As soon as she removed the blazer, she saw that the color of the black shirt he was wearing was a little darker on his chest. 
Nora’s pupils shrank, her keen senses detecting that those were bloodstains. 
She yanked hard. With a loud rip, the silk shirt was torn open, revealing the white bandages wrapped around Justin. 
The bandages were soaked with blood. It was apparent that it was either an old wound that had opened, or it was a fresh one. 
She frowned and asked, “What happened?” 
“It’s nothing.” Justin said impassively, “It’s just a small injury.” 
Nora had already unraveled the dressing, upon which she saw an incision near where his heart was. Judging from its size, it was likely made in order to remove a bullet from within… 
In other words, a bullet had scarcely grazed his heart. 
Although she knew very well that the man survived, the mere thought that he might have died if the bullet had even so much as deviated by the scantest of lengths made the look in Nora’s eyes turn cold. Murderous intent abruptly burst forth from all around her, and she slowly asked, “What on earth happened?” 
Her voice was trembling a little, the fearless woman found herself somewhat shaken at the moment. 
Her children had indeed almost lost their father at one point. 
Justin patted her on the head as if he was smoothing the fur of a cat close to becoming riled up. His voice was mellow and powerful as he replied, “It’s really nothing. It was just a little skirmish with the
enemy.” 
A little skirmish? 
That so-called “little skirmish” had almost won him an appointment with Hades! 
Seeing that Justin was about to speak again, Nora’s voice turned stern and she said, “I want the truth.” 
She had never been a fragile flower who needed to be protected by a man.
###Chapter 905
Seeing her resolute eyes, a short silence later, Justin finally told her the truth. “A few days ago, the mysterious organization sent their men here.” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed at once. 
Right. 
The mysterious organization had always been said to be extremely powerful. Even back in the United States, when Nora and Justin wanted to catch them, they’d been as slippery as eels and had withdrawn all their men there. 
Nora only had a taste of how strong Barbarian was; she hadn’t yet come into direct contact with the mysterious organization’s armed forces. 
Back when Barbarian came to steal the V16 at Staav University, Brenda’s men had surrounded the school. Despite that, Trueman had still sent just a weakling like Caleb. 
Though Caleb had indeed given her a hand at the last moment, the truth was that throughout the fight for the gene serum, the mysterious organization’s armed forces had never once showed up! 
She had been wondering why things had gone so smoothly. As it turned out, Justin had fended off the mysterious organization’s attacks for her. 
She gazed at the man in front of her. 
Back in the United States, he single-handedly held Barbarian back, tossed the clue to the gene serum to her, and then faked his death to direct all the conflicts to Barbarian. 
This had made Barbarian everyone’s target.
After that, while everyone kept their eyes on Barbarian, thinking that he’d gotten his hands on the gene serum, she had sneaked into the university and retrieved the real gene serum. 
He hadn’t made an appearance then either. 
Later, Queenie had even griped about him pulling a disappearing act and leaving her and the children in the lurch. 
She’d thought that he was either busy or injured, but as it turned out, he’d gone to eliminate all the remaining obstacles for her! 
The man was no weaker than her, and he even had two assistants, Lawrence and Sean, by his side. As King, she believed that he even had his own armed forces. Yet, in spite of all that, he’d still nearly taken a shot to the heart from the mysterious organization. 
Nora didn’t even need to probe him for details to imagine how dangerous it must have been! 
Seeing that she had fallen silent, Justin said, “Um… Actually, I…” 
“You don’t need to say any more.” Nora interrupted him. She checked the wound and found that the operation had been very successful. Even if she was the one performing the operation, all she’d have accomplished would just be a nicer suture and nothing else. She started to rummage through her bag. 
As Black Cat, she had been carrying a backpack on her back the whole time. 
Justin watched as the girl nearly poked her head all the way into the backpack as she rummaged through it with both hands. The edges of the backpack pushed her hair back, causing a few strands of hair to stand messily, which made her look rather adorable. 
The warmth in his eyes deepened.
Since he became King, it had become a given that he’d have to go through perilous situations again and again. 
Injuries were also commonplace. In the past, whenever he got hurt, he’d always feel lost and wonder what he was doing all this for. But now, it seemed that he had found his purpose in life. 
He knew that she was no fragile flower, of course. That was why, back in the United States, he’d dared to fake his death and slip away so decisively. He had also left the Hunts to her with peace of mind without even so much as a word to her. 
Sure enough, she lived up to his expectations and helped him protect the family. 
Outside of the United States, he’d led his men to fight off the mysterious organization’s attacks, but in truth, how could he possibly be unaware of the danger she would be putting herself in at the university? 
Despite that, he did not regard her as someone who needed protection; rather, he saw her as his comrade-in-arms and the other half in his life. 
They joined forces to protect their three children, and watching over them as they grew up seemed to have given meaning to his life. 
While he was thinking, Nora found the medicine he needed. 
As Nora had to lead the team in the security assignment, she’d specially brought some medical supplies with her, so that it would be more convenient if she needed to treat any wounds. In the hotel, a fire had broken out on the upper floors. When the men at the lower floors besieged the two assailants, they hadn’t suffered any injuries, so the supplies had been left untouched. 
She cleaned Justin’s wound with saline solution and then checked his sutures. After applying a salve on the wound, she gently dressed his wound once more.
As his wound was on his chest, her head was lowered as her hands went around Justin’s torso again and again. 
Justin could see the top of the girl’s head. A few strands of her hair brushed across his skin, tickling him. He wanted to reach out and neaten her hair for her, and help her smooth out the two silly locks of hair standing upright atop her head. 
But the moment he moved even a little, the girl would say fiercely, “Don’t move.” 
He could only maintain the same posture. 
By this time, the car had arrived at Justin’s residence. When the car stopped, Lawrence quickly hurried over. Though the car windows were covered with black films that prevented people on the outside from looking in, when Lawrence leaned in close, he could still spy two vague silhouettes. 
That was when he saw the female silhouette pressed right against the male silhouette’s chest. Not only was she bobbing up and down, but she even ordered coldly, “Don’t move.” 
Lawrence: “!!!” 
Was that female bodyguard into such thrilling stuff?! 
No wonder his boss was overwhelmed! It was over, all over! Ms. Smith had been utterly defeated! 
He was going to see just who on earth that woman seducing his boss was!
###Chapter 906
Lawrence stood right outside the car door and waited quietly for it to open. 
At last, the people inside stopped what they were doing, and it quietened down. 
A while later, the car door finally opened and the female bodyguard got out. However, she’d put on Black Cat’s mask again, rendering it impossible for anyone to see what she looked like. 
Lawrence glared at her fiercely and then looked at the man in the car. However, even after a while, the man inside didn’t move. He couldn’t help but call out hesitantly, “Boss?” 
Only then did the man in the car move. He put on his blazer and got out with his mask on. 
However, everyone could see that underneath Mr. King’s blazer, his shirt had been ripped apart! 
On top of that, his blazer was also crumpled and it was obvious at first glance that he had been ravished. Everyone lowered their heads at once and pretended not to have seen anything 
The men sent by Clifford looked at one another and immediately informed Clifford of the news. 
Unable to wait any longer, the eager Mr. King had done this and that to Black Cat right in the car. Moreover, judging from how Black Cat’s clothes were barely rumpled while Mr. King’s were in a mess… As it turned out, Mr. King didn’t stay away from women; he just had no interest in ordinary people and liked the wild ones like Black Cat, that’s all! 
He preferred being at the bottom! 
Even Lawrence couldn’t bear to look anymore. However, his eyes, as he looked at Nora, became even more filled with grievance.
He couldn’t help but look at Justin. With his voice lowered, he asked, “Boss, how… how can you let her tear your clothes apart like this? Didn’t you put up any resistance?” 
“… I did,” Justin replied. 
“Then how did she still…” Lawrence couldn’t bring himself to say the rest. Since he’d still been ravished despite putting up resistance, needless to say, his attempt at resistance must have failed! 
Gosh, was that female assassin known as Black Cat really that ferocious?! 
Just as the thought formed in his mind, he saw the person walking in front suddenly stop and look behind. The moment she looked over, Lawrence hid behind Sean in a flash, too scared to stand up for Nora any further. 
Even Boss was no match for her. Ms. Smith, I can only offer you my condolences! 
Nora looked around the place and found that it was a private mansion, likely King’s property in Switzerland. Though not as big as Queenie’s castle, when she looked around casually just now, she realized that the security measures here were excellent. The armed forces stationed here were also immensely strong. 
It would be impossible for anyone to successfully invade unless they had thousands of people. 
She glanced at Justin, upon which the man strode over and came up to her. He asked, “What would you like for dinner?” 
“Beef Wellington.” 
Justin: “?”
For some reason, he suddenly recalled that the Queen had been eating Beef Wellington earlier in the evening. This… should be… seemed to be… and probably was… a coincidence, right? 
He coughed, and then he said with a nod, “Alright, I’ll get them to prepare it right away. It takes a while to cook, though, so you’ll have to wait a little.” 
Nora remained where she was. Behind her mask, her cat-like eyes looked at him in a seemingly amused manner, and she seemed to raise her brows as she replied, “Uh-huh, it’s my honor to wait for you.” 
Justin: “?” 
He didn’t realize anything for a while there. 
The two entered the living room. Nora went straight to the sofa and took a seat while Justin went to the bedroom and changed into loungewear. But when he came back out, he saw Nora staring at him, so he asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Nora replied, “Nothing much. I’m just looking at how you still look as radiant as ever and how time doesn’t move for you at all.” 
Thinking that she missed him, joy welled up in Justin. But the next moment, he suddenly realized something: why did those words of hers sound kinda familiar? 
He suddenly recalled his exchange with the Queen when he had met her earlier in the day: 
“Mr. King is as charming as ever.” 
“Your Majesty is also as radiant as ever.” 
“Really? I thought I’d aged since we last met three years ago.”
“Not at all. It seems that time doesn’t move for you, Ma’am.” 
“… I wonder who is more beautiful, me or your fiancée?” 
“You have a grander presence, Ma’am.” 
… 
The corners of his lips spasmed a little. “That’s… Nora, I was just being polite with her. Don’t take it seriously. I…’ 
“I understand. You saw that the Queen has a grander presence, so you needed to be polite with her, of course.” 
Justin: “!!” 
At that time, he’d really believed that she didn’t understand Welsh. That was why he had tried to flatter the Queen so that it would be easier for him to convince her to allow him to take more men with him into the palace. 
Justin and the Queen had actually spent three months in school together. He knew the Queen very well. She was a proud woman who liked being lauded and praised. 
And sure enough, wasn’t it because he had lauded the Queen with enough praise that she allowed him to take a groundbreaking total of 40 men with him into the palace? 
But who knew that Nora could understand what he had said? It was all over! The backyard was on fire! 
Justin panicked. He wanted to explain, but he didn’t know how to. Just then, he saw the girl seated on the sofa blinking, and then, she suddenly burst into laughter.
Realizing that she was just joking and wasn’t really mad at him, Justin heaved a sigh of relief. 
Why would Nora ever mind something like that? 
She’d never been one to care about superficial things. She just wanted to… tease him. 
After all, leverage on him didn’t come easy… 
But after she spoke, she straightened her expression and said, “Come on, tell me, what are you going to the Royal Palace for?”.
###Chapter 907
Now that things had come to this, there was no point in hiding anything from her anymore. 
Justin kept quiet for a while before he replied, “I can confirm that the mysterious organization is in Buckingham Palace.” 
Nora nodded. 
She had already informed Morris of this. 
She had learned about it from Xander. One could say that the two children had unwittingly solved a longstanding mystery. However, she hadn’t been in contact with Justin during this period at all. Therefore, Justin had derived this entirely by himself. 
From the looks of it, King indeed held great power. At the very least, he had more sources of information than Morris. 
She asked, “Is the Queen connected to this?” 
“No.” 
Justin answered with certainty. 
Nora’s lip corners curled upward, and a seemingly amused look entered her eyes. 
“Oh? You trust her that much?” 
Justin promptly answered, “No, it’s not that. She is simple-minded, and she isn’t that cunning. If the mysterious organization was hers, she would have shown it off long ago.” 
Nora: “…”
The man sure had a strong survival instinct. She couldn’t tease him even if she wanted to. How uninteresting… 
Regardless, she asked, “If it wasn’t authorized by the Queen, then who else could it be? For such a large organization to stay hidden in Buckingham Palace, who else can achieve it besides her? Moreover, Barbarian is by her side.” 
Cherry and Princess Lucy were very good friends. As such, Nora was obligated to rescue the Queen from the fire, but she hadn’t planned to do so at all at that time precisely because her impression of the Queen had plummeted after learning that the mysterious organization was in Buckingham Palace. 
It was through the chat between the Queen and her aide that she later vaguely sensed that the Queen had nothing to do with the matter. Coupled with how she’d witnessed the Queen’s love for her daughter, that was why she had saved her. 
There was still a lot of time before the Beef Wellington would be ready, so Justin sat next to Nora and filled her in on the Queen’s situation. 
“During this recent period of time, I’ve figured out the mysterious organization’s situation on the inside. Those 1,000 children selected by the mysterious organization had gone through extraordinarily inhumane torture in their childhood. The five who ultimately survived greatly resent the mysterious organization. 
“The five of them are Trueman Yale, Caleb Gray, Listener, Spacey, and Barbarian. 
“In Trueman’s case, he has no choice. As the young master, the mysterious organization is his home. For Caleb, he is on relatively good terms with Trueman because the latter saved him several times. That’s why he works for the mysterious organization. 
“But the other three can be said to have irreconcilable differences with the mysterious organization.
“The pianist who died some time ago was Listener. After undergoing genetic modifications, she became extremely perceptive to sounds, but this characteristic was not of any particular use to the mysterious organization. Moreover, she was obsessed with the arts. Whether genuine or just an act, she didn’t hold any substantial impact on the mysterious organization. After Trueman took over, he spared her life. Unfortunately, Listener ultimately still died from the backlash brought upon by the lack of the V16…” 
At this point, Nora interrupted him and asked, “They were all injected with the gene serum at the same time, so why did Listener die two months earlier than the rest?” 
Justin explained, “I was also puzzled by this. After sending someone to investigate, I found out that Listener was older than the rest of the children.” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Justin said, “The 1,000 children that the mysterious organization experimented on had ranged from newborns to ten-year-olds. Of the five who survived, the other four are of similar age, with all of them being about two or three years old back then. Children too young cannot withstand the gene serum’s effects; while those too old find the transformation too painful to endure and their bodies are also unable to adapt to the effects. Listener was already ten years old at that time. She was also the only one who survived among the ten-year-olds. Going by their ages, Trueman, Caleb, and the others are about 28 or 29 years old now, but Listener was already 36 years old.” 
Nora nodded, a contemplative look coming over her face. 
Caleb had given her a crash course on the five survivors’ abilities, but it was not as detailed as Justin’s investigation results. 
Justin went on. “As for Spacey, he’s a hacker, and he comes and goes like a ghost. He is also very smart and has stayed in hiding all this time, so the mysterious organization can neither find him nor do
anything about him.” 
Upon hearing this, Nora thought of the dead Liam, and her eyes darkened a little. Her slender fingers tapped against the armrest of the sofa, and her expression turned somewhat contemplative. 
At the sight, Justin asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“Oh,” Nora’s fingers paused and she said, “It’s nothing. Go on.” 
As King, no one had ever dared to speak to him in a commanding tone. However, the girl in front of him didn’t make Justin feel affronted in the least. He merely gave her an affectionate smile and went on. 
“The last one is Barbarian. His genetic modifications can be said to be the most useful. After escaping from the lab back then, he passed out on the road and was picked up by the Queen. Later, the Queen found out that he was a martial arts prodigy, so she trained and groomed him until he became the Queen’s close protection bodyguard. With the Queen protecting him, the mysterious organization doesn’t dare to do anything to him, for fear of alerting her to their existence. I found out that it’s also because of this that Barbarian is very loyal to the Queen.” 
Nora asked, “Does the Queen know of his identity?” 
Justin shook his head. “Who knows…” 
Did Justin mean that the Queen was unaware of Barbarian’s identity, or did he mean that even he didn’t know whether the Queen knew or not? The meaning behind the two clearly differed completely. 
Yet Nora understood Justin’s concise answer. She laughed and remarked, “Then the Queen isn’t as simple-minded as you claim she is, is she?” 
Despite not knowing the man inside-out, she didn’t fear using him. The Queen had guts.
Moreover, even Justin couldn’t tell whether she knew of Barbarian’s identity or not. This alone demonstrated her shrewdness. 
Justin smiled and said, “A woman who can ride out overlapping power struggles to eventually sit on the throne would never be that simple. Regardless, I know the extent of her capabilities. Besides, her age doesn’t match. The mysterious organization was founded during your mother’s time, but the Queen is only thirty this year.” 
Nora nodded. “In that case, apart from the Queen, who else is capable of keeping such a large organization-or rather, a lab-in Buckingham Palace basements?” 
The thought alone instilled fear in one. 
Beneath the palace that one had lived in for numerous years was a secret inhumane laboratory conducting biological experiments. 
Justin smiled and replied, “I’ve thought of someone.” 
“Who is it?”
###Chapter 908
Justin leaned over right up to Nora and whispered, “The Queen Mother.” 
Nora raised her brows. What? Was the Queen Mother still alive? 
Justin nodded. 
Nora was puzzled. “Then why was the throne ceded to the Queen?” 
Justin replied, “The Queen Mother abdicated over ten years ago and has retreated behind the scenes. She’s gotten on in her years and must be already at least 70 years old now. The Queen is her youngest daughter.” 
Everything clicked in Nora’s head now. That made sense. Only members of the royal family would be able to build an enormous laboratory in Buckingham Palace basement. 
“This is just my theory, and I don’t have any direct evidence yet, but I should think that one’s greatest wish after they age would probably be longevity. Moreover, Trueman’s modified genes do indeed have to do with his lifespan. If he manages to get the V16 administered, he would live to at least 200 years old.” 
Nora sighed. “There are numerous tales of sovereigns seeking the elixir of life in ancient times, and now we have all these things happening too… One’s lifespan is predetermined, so why bother going to such lengths?” 
Justin put his arm around her shoulder. “You’re right. But now that I have you and the children, I’d probably feel that my lifespan is not long enough!” 
Nora thought about it and then replied, “Well, that’s true.”
Justin leaned in closer to her. “Yeah, so I plan to march straight to Buckingham Palace to attack and destroy their base. This way, once the mysterious organization is left with only a few people, it won’t pose a threat anymore.” 
“Got it.” 
Justin drew even closer to her. “Nora, I…” 
But before he could finish, Nora pushed him away and got onto her feet. 
“Food’s ready,” she said. 
A servant brought the Beef Wellington in and placed it on the table. 
Justin: “…” 
The resigned man got up and followed Nora over. After the two sat at the dining table, Nora suddenly asked, “You don’t intend to take me with you?” 
Justin was a little taken aback when he heard this. 
After a moment of silence, he finally replied, “I wasn’t planning to. The children are still too young; if something untoward happens to me, I thought at least you’d still be there to take care of them…” 
After speaking, he looked at Nora. 
He knew that the woman didn’t appreciate him trying to protect her, so he didn’t know if she would agree to it. 
Nora, however, rested her chin on her palm and kept quiet without answering as to whether she was going along or not. She merely looked at him suddenly and asked, “You’re not hiding anything else from me, are you?”
“Not at all!” Justin’s eyes flickered and he answered firmly, “Really!” 
“Okay.” 
Nora replied indifferently. 
Justin: “?” 
So, did she agree to it or not? 
He didn’t dare to ask her about it. He would just make preparations with the assumption that she wasn’t going. 
After the two finished their dinner, Justin asked her how the children were doing. When he heard that the children were all safe and sound, he breathed a sigh of relief. 
Soon, it was bedtime. Justin looked at her with a smoldering look in his eyes and suggested, “Let’s sleep together?” 
“No, that won’t do.” 
Nora had already put on Black Cat’s mask after dinner. She said, “I’m your bodyguard, you know.” 
Justin also put on his mask. 
After all, they were in Switzerland. Should anyone learn of his true identity, he would be in for a whole lot of trouble in the future. 
He chuckled and corrected her. “My close protection bodyguard, you mean.” 
Nora: “…”
The two ultimately didn’t share the same bed —they had a bunch of the Swiss breathing down their necks, after all. Thus, Nora left the house after dinner. As soon as she exited, she spotted Lawrence sneakily keeping an eye on them not far away. At the sight of her coming out, he seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. 
The next day, the three parties met for a chat. 
As his bodyguard, Nora followed behind Justin and entered the meeting room with him. The Swiss president very graciously invited King to make investments in the country and also offered to give the go-ahead for various policies. 
Justin agreed to it, and the discussion between the two parties went very smoothly. 
It was just that… 
Nora watched the service staff coming in and going out. 
Her impression was that people who could get a job as service staff here to serve water and whatnot were mostly tall, slender, attractive, and pleasing to the eye. So why was every single one of them the strong and buff type? One of the waitresses even deliberately revealed her arm muscles and lifted her arm a couple of times when she walked up to Justin. 
Nora and Justin were speechless. 
Neither of them knew that when the waitresses went out, Clifford immediately stopped them and asked, “Did Mr. King take extra notice of any of you?” 
The info he’d received the day before had said that King liked being at the bottom! 
However, the waitresses shook their heads in unison.
Clifford was perplexed. Was the information wrong? He couldn’t help but reprimand his subordinate. 
“Can’t you find a few with the same physique as Black Cat instead?” 
His subordinate was close to tears. “Among those who are as slim as her, how many of them have the same incredible physical strength and muscles as powerful as hers?” 
Clifford: “…” 
King had always been a highly efficient man, and the meeting concluded successfully in no time. After leaving the meeting room, Justin rejected the warm invitations from the Queen and the Swiss president. 
Seeing how firm he was, the Queen could only say helplessly, “I’ll see you at the Schmidts tomorrow, then. I heard that your fiancée is also here. It’s been a long while since I last saw her. I miss her a little too!” 
After speaking, the Queen glanced at Black Cat, who was standing behind Justin. 
Did you hear me, woman? His shrew of a fiancée will be there too! 
However, Black Cat didn’t seem to understand. 
As such, the Queen could only beckon to her once more and say, “Black Cat, your mission ends tomorrow, right? In that case, you don’t have to follow him there.” 
Nora: “” 
She looked at the Queen and kept quiet. 
At this point, a waitress came over and passed by Nora at the back. All of a sudden, she seemed to lose her balance as she lurched straight toward Nora. At the same time, her hand grabbed Nora’s
mask to rip it off!! 
For a moment there, everyone looked over in unison!
###Chapter 909
The waitress was rather displeased. 
Clifford had brought the group of them here, hoping that King would take a fancy to them, upon which he would gift the chosen ones to him. If they could catch King’s eye, they would shoot up to success straightaway for sure. 
Unexpectedly, though, be they sweet and pretty, a dominatrix, or pure and innocent, King couldn’t be bothered to spare them even a glance. This filled the waitress with absolute indignation. 
Not only was she the prettiest among the group, but her muscles were also the most beautiful among them. How was she any inferior to Black Cat? Thus, she couldn’t help but want to remove Black Cat’s mask and let everyone compare the two of them. 
She had clearly succeeded, her hand had clearly reached Black Cat’s mask, and yet, the next moment… 
Bam! 
She was kicked away with great force, which sent her flying out. 
Everyone there was stunned. 
What shocked them, though, was not the waitress being kicked away, but that it was Mr. King, the man himself, who had kicked her away! 
He had grabbed Black Cat’s shoulder with one hand and then stood in front of her, blocking her completely from the attack and keeping her protected behind him. Everyone who saw this was dumbfounded. 
Even Lawrence couldn’t help holding his forehead.
Boss, have you been totally bewitched by that woman? 
Have you forgotten that she’s your bodyguard and not the other way around? 
Lawrence was close to bewailing this development, he felt terribly aggrieved on Nora’s behalf. No, this wouldn’t do. He was an upright man. He mustn’t allow Ms. Smith to be kept in the dark. 
He thought of how they would be visiting the Schmidts the next day. From what he’d heard, Ms. Smith and the three children were also at the Schmidts. Once they went over, he must warn her about this. 
Clifford hadn’t expected this to happen, either. Furious, he got someone to take the kicked waitress out of the place, and then, he said grimly, “Rest assured that I will give you a proper explanation for this, Mr. King!” 
Justin gave Clifford a long look and said, “Good. Please liaise with my secretary regarding the disciplinary action to be taken against her.” 
This meant that he was going to pursue the matter to the bitter end. 
Realizing what he meant, Clifford heaved a sigh inwardly and gave a heavy nod. 
Only then did Justin leave with Nora. 
The Queen was a little unhappy when she saw how protective he’d been of Black Cat just now. However, in front of outsiders, the Queen had always held herself with absolute grace and poise, so she didn’t say anything. 
The few of them came to the parking lot. 
While King and the Queen were politely bidding each other goodbye, Nora felt someone tugging at her sleeve. She turned her head to the side to see Black Panther behind her. She immediately took a few
steps back and asked softly, “What is it?” 
Black Panther said, “Abbott plans to expose you. Be careful when you’re with King, and don’t expose yourself.” 
“Got it.” 
Nora answered with ease. 
However, this made Black Panther very anxious. He said, “Don’t take this lightly or let your guard down. I know you’re skilled, but as assassins, apart from our fighting abilities, there are a lot of other things we can use to prove our identity…” 
Black Panther wasn’t finished, but King had already gotten in the car and was calling for Nora. Thus, Nora grunted a couple of times perfunctorily and then turned and left, which made Black Panther panic. 
Never mind if she was exposed, but it would be terrible if it ended up affecting Black Cat’s name! 
Regardless, there was no use even if he panicked. Nora had already got into King’s car and left. 
This action of Nora’s made the Queen narrow her eyes again, but right after, she let out a soft snort. She had initially been a little jealous, but when she suddenly thought of Nora, who was at Queenie’s, her jealousy suddenly vanished. 
Black Cat had saved her life, so she wouldn’t want to make things difficult for Black Cat for sure. 
In that case, she would let King’s feelings for Black Cat grow even further then. This way, wouldn’t Nora fall out of favor? 
Now that she was looking at things from another perspective, she suddenly felt liberated! 
The Queen happily started humming a tune. She would be pleased as long as it made Nora unhappy!
Thinking about it that way, Black Cat sure was her lucky star. 
Tsk, tsk. She would go to the Schmidts the next day and check out how awful Nora’s expression would be! 
With each of them harboring their own thoughts, they respectively returned to their places of accommodation. 
After arriving at Justin’s place, Nora confirmed with him that he wouldn’t be heading out anymore that day and that he would be calling on the Schmidts the next day. After thinking about it, she decided to leave. 
Lawrence wasn’t happy about it. He said, “As a bodyguard, how can you step away so casually?” 
Nora replied, “Oh, I’m on leave.” 
Lawrence: “?” 
She was only on bodyguard duty for three freaking days, yet she could still apply for leave? 
Also, how come her phone was back with her? 
Was there anyone permitted to carry their cell phone with them when they were on duty to protect their employer? 
However, Lawrence didn’t dare to bring it up. Seeing that even his boss had been ravished by her in the car and that his resistance had been futile, he’d better not offer up his feeble little body for abuse. 
Nora left and went to the villa she had been staying at when she first arrived in Switzerland. 
She wanted to ask Cindy about something.
Unexpectedly, though, the moment she arrived, she saw Cindy standing at the door to the villa. In front of her squatted a grimy girl. 
The girl’s hair was clumped in locks—it was obvious that her hair was filthy. 
The white dress she was wearing was so dirty that one couldn’t even tell its original color anymore. 
Cindy was trying to persuade her into going in. She said, “… Why don’t you go in? There’s no use staying here. Come on, Rene, go in.” 
But the girl shook her head stubbornly and said, “No, I won’t…” 
Cindy broke into a frown. Just as she wanted to reply, she heard the car. When she looked over, she saw Nora getting out of the car, and she came over at once. “Ms. Nora, why are you here?” 
“What’s going on?” 
Nora gestured to Rene with her chin. 
Cindy sighed. “See, her adoptive parents were killed, right? She doesn’t have anywhere to go anymore, so I took her in. But she refuses to go in and insists on staying here, saying that she’s waiting… for Liam.” 
Almost as soon as she finished, Rene also caught sight of Nora. The timid girl’s eyes lit up, and she scrambled off the ground and rushed over. She said, “M-Ms. Smith, can… can you tell me where Liam is? Did he go to work? Why isn’t he back yet?” 
The girl looked at Nora hopefully as if she was her last hope of salvation in the world. She said, “I… I know you are a good person. Liam told me before to trust you and be with you… And where’s Cherry? I can make her some yummy food!”
As the girl spoke, tears rolled down her cheeks. “Can you guys not throw me aside, please?” 
The look in her eyes was as timid as ever. The girl, who had always been quiet and reticent, was speaking so much that a pitying look came over Cindy’s countenance. 
She looked at Nora and asked, “Miss, what should we do?” 
Nora, however, lowered her eyes and gazed fixedly at Rene. Just as she was about to speak, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
When she answered, Trueman’s voice came from the opposite end. 
“Hello, my little servant. Do you want to know Queenie Schmidt’s secret?” 
Nora’s pupils shrank. 
Trueman laughed. Even his voice sounded wicked as he said, “I accidentally discovered her true identity. It was really surprising. This is so exciting. Try guessing who she is?”
###Chapter 910
Unexpectedly, it was too exciting? 
Nora frowned. “Who is it?” 
Trueman grinned like a little demon. “Call me Master and I’ll tell you.” 
Nora was silent for a moment before suddenly saying, “Master.” 
Trueman: “” “Done. Now, tell me.” 
Trueman: “!!” 
Why did this person suddenly become so shameless after going overseas? Didn’t she refuse to call him ‘Master’ in the past? 
Nora’s actions were suddenly defying logic, which made Trueman choke. “It’s not so simple as just calling me ‘Master’. I want you to listen to me. From now on, I’ll be your real master!” 
“Oh, okay,” Nora said. “Tell me and I’ll listen to you.” 
“…I, I won’t say anything! Unless you send the V16 over now!” 
Trueman was furious. 
Nora: “…” 
She knew he would not say it. 
Queenie actually had a lot of secrets. 
It was not an easy feat creating NTT alone and turning it into such a big company.
Her mother had only mentioned Queenie in passing. However, at that time, she had said that if she was ever in grave danger, she should look for Queenie. However, If there was nothing important, she shouldn’t go looking for her. That was why Nora had lived with the Smiths for so many years. 
In the end, she became weak when she gave birth and someone had taken advantage of her. 
Queenie had suddenly rushed back from overseas and taken her away forcefully. 
To be honest, Queenie was more like a way out for her. If she had not encountered any life-threatening situations in the country, perhaps she would always have had this kind of impression of Queenie. 
Her relationship with Queenie had nurtured over those five years in the past. 
Over the five years, she always sensed that Queenie was not really happy. As such, she was often drunk and alcohol would not leave her hand. 
Only Cherry could make her feel happy. 
Nora wanted to know why, but she had never thought of learning it from an outsider. It was like Justin’s secret. She had been waiting for that man to tell her himself. 
She knew that Queenie would tell her about it herself when the time came. 
Therefore, even if she could know by hearing it from Trueman, she was not disappointed that she could not. In the end, she only nodded calmly. 
It was impossible for her to give him the V16. 
Trueman: “…Hmph.” 
Nora saw that he did not hang up. “Is there something else?”
“…” Trueman was really furious. “I know you have two V16s. You will use one for your son, leaving one more. Who are you going to give it to?” 
Nora had not considered this problem. 
This was because both of the serums were prepared for Xander. After all, it had been so long since the serum was made. Who knew if it would fail? Or if it would be insufficient? 
She did not speak. Trueman continued, “Why don’t you give me the other V16? That way, we can work together. According to you, you and I are in cahoots. I’ll help you. That way, we’ll be stronger.” 
“…” Nora pursed her lips. That’s not how it was! 
This fellow had not improved in his expression at all? 
Trueman still felt that he was clear. He continued proudly, “Otherwise, aren’t you afraid that Barbarian will snatch it from you? Let me remind you that Barbarian is invincible. No one can beat him. Furthermore, this person is very unreasonable. Is he as easy to talk to as our mysterious organization?” 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
Ignoring the fact that the mysterious organization had committed countless sins, just the fact that they had pushed her mother to death made it impossible for her to reconcile with them. 
Did Trueman really not understand, or was he pretending not to understand? 
Trueman seemed to have heard her heart. He was very puzzled. “Don’t tell me, the reason you don’t cooperate with me is because of your mother? That’s a grievance between our generations. They only gave us lives, they haven’t raised us for a day. Are your feelings for her that strong? Let me tell you, feelings and blood ties are useless. Only benefits matter in the end…”
Nora hung up straightaway. 
Even if her mother had never raised her, she had thrown her life away for her daughter. Wasn’t this love enough? 
Trueman’s words made her expression turn cold. 
“Miss?” 
Cindy’s voice woke Nora up. She realized that Rene was frightened by the coldness on her body. Her eyes were filled with fear as she looked at her. She took two steps back and did not pester her so much. 
Nora then restrained the anger on her body. 
Sensing that she was not that scary anymore, Rene slowly took two steps toward her. When Nora looked at her, she stopped in her tracks and lowered her head. It was as if she could not sense her approaching herself without seeing her move. 
Nora entered the living room, and Rene followed. 
When Cindy saw this, she immediately said happily, “Ms. Nora, I see that Rene trusts you more. When you entered, she followed you in… You don’t know, she stayed outside the entire night yesterday. The weather is still very cold, but she refused to listen to my advice.” 
Nora came over to take something. When she heard this, she looked at Rene. 
She narrowed her eyes and suddenly said, “I have something to take care of. Send her to the Sonnets.” 
Rene immediately shook her head. She was about to speak when Nora said, “Cherry is there.”
She instantly shut her mouth and nodded obediently. 
Cindy: “…” 
After settling Rene’s matters, Nora walked out. When she got into the car, her phone rang again. She picked it up and Caleb’s weak voice came from the other end. “Ms. Smith, Trueman asked me to call you…” 
Nora’s eyes turned a little chilly. 
Caleb sighed. “He has no concept of familial ties. Do you know why he’s the young master of the mysterious organization?” 
“Why?” 
“That’s because his old master had ten sons and eight daughters. He threw all of them into the experiment. Other than Ruth, he was the only one who survived.” 
Nora’s pupils constricted. 
Caleb continued, “He has lived a very miserable life. He did not distinguish between good and evil. No one taught him to be good to others when he was young. He grew up in such an abnormal place that even his thoughts became abnormal. That’s why he feels that blood ties are the most useless thing in the world. Don’t lower yourself to his level. He was still very puzzled when you hung up on him. He asked me to persuade you to cooperate with him.” 
Nora nodded. Caleb coughed. “I also took the opportunity to ask about Queenie, of course.” 
Caleb was silent for a moment as if he was organizing his words. “Trueman said that she’s not a good person… She approached you with a goal. He asked you to be careful.”
###Chapter 911
When Nora heard this, she lowered her eyes. 
Caleb spoke again, “He has never trusted me completely, so I didn’t find out her identity. However, since he said that, I think you should be careful.” 
“Actually, you don’t have to trust anyone, even if it’s me.” 
At this point, Caleb coughed again. “Although I don’t have a long life, who knows if I’ll want the gene serum again someday?” 
Nora asked, “How is your health?” 
“I won’t die for a month, at least.” 
Caleb replied with a smile as if he was not sensitive to this topic at all. 
Nora was silent for a long time before saying, “Rest well.” 
“… Okay.” 
Nora wanted to hang up the phone, but seeing that he was a little hesitant, she asked, “Why?” 
“Yes?” 
“Is there nothing else?” 
“…” Caleb was silent for a moment before he coughed and said, “You… nothing. I’m hanging 
up.” 
“Okay.”
After hanging up, Nora felt that Caleb still had some things to say. She frowned and decided to drive to the hospital. 
Caleb had helped her block Barbarian’s attack last time. Bones in his entire body had cracked, and he was still recuperating. 
In the VIP ward. 
When Nora arrived, Caleb was already asleep. 
When the nurse saw her, she said softly, “Mr. Gray’s injuries are recovering very quickly, but his wounds still hurt. Besides, he was given general anesthesia during the surgery. He can’t be given any more sedatives now, so it hurts every time we change the dressing.” 
Hearing this, Nora frowned. “Then, he endured it?” 
“Not really.” The caregiver smiled. “Whenever this happens, Mr. Gray takes out his earphones and wears them. Hearing the music makes his body feel relaxed. He was also very cooperative when changing the dressing. The doctor asked him what music he was listening to that was so effective, but Mr. Gray did not say anything. We just joked that it was his anesthesia.” 
Listening to music to relieve pain? 
This was also a solution. 
Nora did not take it seriously. She put on her scrubs and entered the intensive care unit. After checking Caleb’s various indicators, she then looked at the person on the bed. 
Caleb lay there with a faint smile on his lips.
He still had the Bluetooth earpiece in his ear. One of them fell down and landed beside the infusion tube. 
Nora was worried that he would move in his sleep and accidentally press on his earpiece, so she took it out for him. Just as she was about to place it on the table, her ear twitched. When the nurse said that listening to music could relieve the pain, Nora was very curious. 
After all, this was a medical study. If it was really so effective, she could forget about using anesthesia for mild pain in the future. 
She did not plan to invade someone else’s privacy herself. 
After all, the things he heard most likely belonged to him and could comfort him. 
However, she really did not eavesdrop. She was blaming her good hearing! 
The moment she held the earpiece, the voice from inside reached her ears. 
When Nora heard that voice, she was stunned. 
She looked at the bed again. Caleb was still sleeping 
Nora felt that she might have heard wrongly. 
Otherwise, why would she hear her voice through his earpiece? 
She frowned and brought the earpiece closer to her ear. 
Her cold and deep voice was clearly heard from inside. 
“… That is why I have no desire. I observe its wonders and its frequent desires.
These two come from the same source and have different names. The same title is profound, mysterious beyond belief, and the door to all wonders…” 
Now, she was certain that it was indeed her voice reading the sacred text of morals. Nora: “…” 
She frowned and looked at Caleb. 
Seeing that the man was still sleeping, she quietly put the earpiece back. 
After leaving, she was still frowning. 
The nurse said, “Ms. Smith, why don’t you wake Mr. Gray up? He has been looking forward to you visiting him. You finally came, but he fell asleep. When he wakes up, he’ll definitely be angry.” 
After saying that, the nurse could not help but look at Nora and advise something beyond her responsibilities as a nurse, “No matter how busy you are, you should come and see him more.” 
The first thing Caleb asked when he woke up every day was, “Has Ms. Smith been here?” 
Every time she said no, Caleb would be very disappointed. 
His eyelids would droop and his lips would be pursed tightly, making the nurse’s heart ache. 
A weak, good-looking man gave others a protective instinct. 
The nurse felt that it was all Ms. Smith’s fault for not coming often. 
Nora did not understand the nurse’s feelings and only glanced at her calmly. This glance immediately made the nurse realize that she had said too much. She immediately lowered her head. “I’m sorry, Ms. Smith. I was too talkative.”
Nora retracted her gaze and did not argue with her. 
The nurse explained carefully, “I poured some soup for Mr. Gray today. He asked if you had come over. When I said no, he got distracted and even got scalded from the hot soup, so I just… I shouldn’t have said so much.” 
Nora looked into the ward again and was in deep thought. 
She instructed, “Take good care of him. Contact me if anything happens.” 
Caleb’s family was not here. Moreover, Caleb was injured because of her. Nora could not possibly leave him behind. 
The nurse nodded, “Okay.” 
After Nora left, Caleb’s ears in the ward slowly turned red. He opened his eyes. When the nurse saw him, she pushed the door open and entered. “Mr. Gray, you’re awake? What a coincidence. Ms. Smith just left!” 
Caleb stared at the ceiling and nodded. 
The nurse poured him a cup of water. “Your girlfriend is really beautiful. She must be very busy too, right?” 
Girlfriend… 
Caleb’s gaze softened. He took a sip of water and lowered his long eyelashes, not denying it. 
The nurse continued to ramble. “She must be very busy. Otherwise, why wouldn’t she come to see you for so long… But you must like her a lot…” 
–
Nora wore a mask and returned to King’s place. 
She entered the living room and sat on the sofa. When he heard that she was back, Justin put down the document in his hand and went downstairs to see her. 
Because there were many more people from Switzerland in the villa, the two of them were wearing masks very carefully. 
They sat opposite each other. The scene was very strange, but it was inexplicably harmonious. 
Seeing that Nora remained silent, Justin asked, “What are you thinking about?” 
Nora: “Caleb.” 
The man sitting opposite her had a dark expression on his face. “Huh?” 
Nora told him about her voice reading in Caleb’s earpiece. 
Justin’s tone was instantly filled with jealousy. He pursed his lips and suddenly asked, “Didn’t you notice anything?”
###Chapter 912
Nora’s expression was serious. “I understand.” 
Justin was delighted. He was about to say that she should stay away from Caleb when he saw the woman sit up straight and slowly say, “I didn’t expect my voice to have such an ability.” 
Justin: “?” 
Nora looked at him. “I always felt that my voice was not good.” 
The girl’s voice was crisp and pleasant, but low and cold. As she often slept, it was a little hoarse. It was not considered pleasant in the orthodox sense. 
However, her voice gave people a sense of security. 
When she spoke in a low voice, she would make others feel that she is especially gentle. 
Justin watched as she smiled. “So it can actually be used for hypnosis. Cherry usually doesn’t sleep well. It looks like I’ll have to read some stories to her every night.” 
Justin, “?” 
Was that the point? 
Didn’t Caleb like her? 
However, since Nora did not notice, he might as well not say anything. He coughed and was about to say something when Nora spoke again, “However, he used my voice without my permission. This isn’t good, right?” 
Justin nodded. “It’s indeed not good. It’s a little…”
Before he could say the word perverted, he saw Nora nod. “He has to pay my copyright fee.” 
Why didn’t he realize in the past that she was a little money-grubber?! 
The corners of Justin’s mouth twitched. He saw that Nora had already forgotten about this matter. She looked at Justin and told him what Trueman had said about Queenie. 
Justin frowned. “What are you thinking?” 
Nora said, “The gene serum is with Queenie now. Since he said that, I suspect that they’re trying to drive a wedge between us. They want me to take out the gene serum… so that it’ll be easier for them to rob us.” 
In all of Switzerland, the only person Nora trusted was Queenie. 
It was also the safest to leave the gene serum there. 
Ignoring the existence of Barbarian’s heaven-defying martial strength, just based on the ability of the mysterious organization Justin had mentioned, once V16 was taken out, it would probably not be safe anywhere. 
Trueman was unable to invade Queenie’s villa. Was he using this method to make her bring the serum out herself? 
Justin laughed softly. “Yes, then now…” 
“I believe in Queenie.” 
Nora lowered her eyes and said calmly, “It’s like how I trust you. I trust her too.” 
She looked up again, her eyes hardening. “So, whoever she is, I trust her.”
At night. 
After Nora fell asleep, Sean entered Justin’s room. 
Justin said, “Investigate Queenie.” 
Sean was stunned. The Imperial League had always accepted this new power of the financial group. Only with more and more enterprises and wealthy people would the Imperial League keep a low profile. 
Queenie was the CEO of the fastest-growing company in recent years. 
The Imperial League had previously investigated the internal structure of their company. It would never accept any company that was involved with drugs. Over the past two years, Queenie had been sending applications to the Imperial League, and they were prepared to accept her. Why was he suddenly investigating her? Sean was confused, so he asked cautiously, “To what extent?” 
Justin, “Everything.” 
Although Sean was shocked, he still lowered his head respectfully. “Yes.” 
After Sean left, Justin leaned back in his chair and stared at the pictures of Queenie’s face on the desk. 
He hoped that she deserved all of Nora’s trust. 
The next day, everyone woke up very early. 
It was because they had an appointment with the Queen at the Schmidt villa. 
When Queenie heard that King would be coming, she welcomed the idea very much. 
Justin also had his own agenda. He wanted to understand this aunt from all sides and see what kind of mysterious person she was.
A group of people arrived at the Schmidt’s. 
Lawrence looked at Nora following beside Justin and only felt an indescribable feeling. Boss was too brazen. He dared to bring his mistress to see his wife… 
Was it because she was wearing a mask that Ms. Smith would not recognize her? 
In order to not be recognized, Lawrence and Sean, Justin’s right-hand men, would also wear masks at events. 
And thus, four masked people entered the Schmidt Villa. 
Because the Queen had recommended them, Justin and the Queen first gathered at the entrance before entering together. 
The gate of the villa opened. The place was enormous, enough for them to park more than a hundred cars. 
As they were guests, the Queen and King could not bring too many bodyguards in. As such, they each chose ten people to follow them in when they were outside the door. The others waited outside. 
King and the Queen got out of the car and naturally walked in front. 
Queenie came personally to welcome them. On the way, the Queen explained to King, “Mdm. Schmidt is a little arrogant. Don’t take offense.” 
King was very strange, and so was Mdm. Schmidt. 
The Queen was really worried that Mars would hit the Earth when the two of them met. 
However, it was obvious that the Queen was overthinking
As soon as they met, Queenie’s gaze avoided the Queen and landed on King. “This is Mr. King, right?” 
Her eyes were sizing him up and she was getting more and more satisfied. 
Yes, her son-in-law’s figure looked good. Nora was lucky! 
King narrowed his eyes and said politely, “Hello, Mdm. Schmidt.” 
This was Nora’s aunt. She was also his elder. 
Of course, he had to retract his arrogance. 
Their eyes met and the atmosphere was filled with joy. 
The Queen: “?” 
Why did she feel that the atmosphere between the two of them was a little off? 
What was wrong with her gaze as she looked at her son-in-law?!
###Chapter 913
The Queen was only momentarily surprised before she realized King’s thoughts. 
After all, she was Nora’s aunt. Furthermore, Queenie’s attitude toward Nora was completely nurtured as if she was her daughter. She had already said that the company’s future belonged to Nora. She completely treated Nora as her biological daughter. 
Therefore, King was more polite to her because he knew this. 
At the thought of this, the Queen felt a little sour. Did he really like Nora that way? When she thought of that arrogant woman, the Queen instantly felt angry. Why were all the outstanding men in the world so blind to have taken a liking to her? 
The Queen looked behind Queenie and asked, “Where’s Ms. Smith?” 
Queenie smiled. “She’s not up yet. You know that my Nora is a sleeping god.” 
Nora, who was following Justin and had just yawned: “” 
The Queen pursed her lips again. 
See, she had to sleep at such an important time. Did she not even care about King? But perhaps she knew King’s identity. The Queen secretly swore that she would definitely ignore her today. She did not beg Queenie anymore, so she could showcase her nobility. She could not act like she was in a hurry to build a relationship with them. As soon as the Queen thought of this, the little one behind her rushed over like an arrow. 
Before she could stop her, she heard Princess Lucy say to Cherry, who was following behind Queenie, “Cherry, I’m here to meet you again! Do you welcome me?” Cherry: “Very…”
Before the word “much” could leave her mouth, Xander pursed his lips. “Tsk, why are you here again? How long are you planning to stay at our house this time?” 
The last time Lucy went to New York, she stayed at the Hunts’ house for a whole week. In the end, it was the nanny who carried her and took her away despite the little princess’s cries. Xander felt that she was too noisy. The Queen: “!!” 
Her expression darkened. Her daughter was a noble princess no matter where she went, but this brat was despising her? Lucy had to have a backbone. 
However, the next moment, she saw her daughter lean closer to Xander. “Xander, I brought Cherry her favorite gift! Can I stay here for five days?” 
Xander stuck out a finger. “One day at most.” 
Her daughter shook Xander. “Then, then four days!” 
“No, one day.” 
“But I want to stay at your house. If you don’t let me, I’ll-I’ll…” 
The Queen thought that her daughter had finally flipped out. 
Yes, that’s right! 
Bring out your dignity as a royal princess! Say, if you’re not allowed to stay, you’ll send troops and capture them! 
Anyway, as the Queen, she could not say such things. She would leave the unruly and willful things to her daughter! Then, she would come forward and make peace… 
Just as the Queen thought of this, she heard her daughter shout, “I’ll cry!”
The Queen: …!!! 
Little princess, couldn’t she be a little more ambitious?! 
Xander was clearly stunned by her words. “Don’t cry. I hate it when girls cry.” 
“Then, I won’t cry.” 
The little princess immediately wiped her tears and asked quietly, “Then can I stay for three… two days?” 
The Queen: “…” 
In the past, her daughter had been Cherry’s lapdog. Why was she now being Xander’s lapdog? 
The Queen was furious. She could not gain anything from Nora. Why could her child not gain anything from Nora’s child, either? 
Even as royalty, why were they so lowly?!!! “Are you not feeling well? You don’t look too 
good.” 
Queenie’s calm words immediately made the Queen put away her gritted teeth and become elegant again. She smiled and said, “No, I just think the children get along quite well.” 
Queenie ignored the Queen’s thoughts and only glanced at Black Cat standing behind King. She raised her eyebrows. 
The Queen immediately moved closer to Black Cat without a trace and blocked Queenie’s vision. “Mdm. Schmidt, shall we take a look at your castle first?”
Black Cat was Nora’s love rival! 
She could not let Queenie hurt her. 
Queenie nodded. “It just so happens that Nora is sleeping. It’s not convenient for us to disturb her. I’ll show you around first.” 
With that, she glanced at Black Cat meaningfully. 
The guards could not follow her the entire time. This was to let Nora hurry back to her room and change her clothes to receive the guests. After all, the two people who came today were also old friends of Nora. 
Nora nodded and fell two steps behind. Just as she was about to slip away, her arm was suddenly grabbed. 
She looked up and saw the Queen looking at her. She lowered her voice and said, “This is the Schmidt’s territory. Don’t go anywhere. If the Schmidts find out that King is looking at you in a different light, that tigress will definitely not forgive you! Follow behind me, I’ll protect you.” 
Nora: “…” 
She grimaced. “I need to use the bathroom.” 
The Queen glanced ahead and gritted her teeth. “Alright, I’ll accompany you.” 
Nora: “” 
That was not what she meant! 
Barbarian, who was standing behind the Queen, looked at her deeply with caution in his eyes. The security guards were very responsible. Nora lowered her eyes. “No need. I don’t like to go to the toilet
with other people.” The Queen: “?” 
After finally shaking off the Queen, Nora skillfully walked through the manor and quickly returned to her room. She changed into a set of daily clothes and took off her mask before walking out of the room. 
Up ahead, Queenie had already learned that Nora was “awake.” Therefore, she brought the group of people back to the living room. 
Nora pretended to have just come downstairs and greeted them one by one. 
The Queen looked at Nora and then at King. She did not know if Nora really did not recognize King or if she was pretending not to know him. Anyway, she pretended to be seeing him for the first time. 
She raised her eyebrows and subconsciously looked behind her. 
Why wasn’t Black Cat out of the toilet? 
Was she… having diarrhea? 
At this moment, King began taking out the gifts he had prepared. 
Lawrence had prepared all the gifts. The gifts for Cherry and the others in front were all normal. Cherry, who had received a Barbie doll, tilted her head and sized up King carefully. Her dark eyes were shining, but she did not speak. 
Justin knew that the little fellow had recognized him. 
However, the little fellow was very smart. Seeing that Nora did not acknowledge him, she did not say anything, either. Pete and Xander also looked at each other and blinked. 
Finally, it was Nora’s turn.
Justin smiled. “I also prepared a gift for Ms. Smith. I wonder if you’d like it.” 
After saying that, he waved his hand. Lawrence, who was wearing a mask, instantly stepped forward and handed a box with a bird print on it to Nora. 
Justin: “?” 
Sean: “ 
Nora did not think too much about it and only reached out to receive it. 
When the Queen saw this from the side, she pursed her lips and suddenly smiled. “This bird print suits Ms. Smith very well.” 
Hearing this, Lawrence felt a chill run down his spine. However, he insisted on not bending over. He was different from Boss. He could not encourage Boss to cheat. Ms. Smith! 
This was the only hint he could give her! 
He hoped that she could understand! 
She had been cuckolded! There were a bunch of cuckolds all above her head!!
###Chapter 914
Nora: “?” 
What was up with the meaningful looks in the eyes of these people in front of her? 
Even Queenie, who was standing at the side, broke into a frown. 
Wrapping paper with a bird print on it? 
What was wrong with Justin’s subordinate? Was he cursing Nora to the fate of being cuckolded? 
Regardless, Nora still took the gift from him. She was about to hand it to someone beside her when the Queen, who was all smiles, said, “Aren’t you going to open it and have a look, Ms. Smith? Mr. King must have put a lot of thought into picking out a gift for you.” 
The Queen was hoping for some drama. 
Nora glanced at her. “At the Schmidts, we prefer to open our gifts in private.” 
The Queen glanced at King. “I don’t think Mr. King would mind, Ms. Smith. Why don’t you let me have a look?” 
Now that King had a close female friend, he definitely wouldn’t put that much effort into his gift for her. 
The Queen was waiting to laugh at Nora. 
Upon hearing what she said, Nora glanced at Justin. Seeing that he wasn’t ing, she also became a little curious. She opened the box, revealing a piece of jade inside. 
A piece of white jade lay quietly in the box. She hadn’t even picked it up yet, but she felt as if she could already feel the warmth coming from it.
Nora’s hypersomnia was due to anemia, and her hands and feet were often cold. Jade was said to possess healing properties, so carrying some on herself was a great idea. 
Moreover, the piece of jade also looked to be of extremely high quality… 
At the side, Lawrence explained, “Boss spent millions on the raw gemstone, He even cut and polished it himself. He kept it on himself the entire time after that.” 
So, after he bought the raw gemstone, he’d personally cut and polished it himself, and even brought it about with him everywhere… 
Although it wasn’t really a well-known piece of jewelry, it was the thought that counted-and he’d certainly put a lot of effort into it. 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. She slipped the jade pendant onto a chain and put it around her neck. “I love it, thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” Justin’s deep voice was also tinged with joy. The two looked at each other. 
The people around them: “?” 
Why were they suddenly feeling stuffed to the brim when they hadn’t even eaten yet? 
The Queen was so mad that she couldn’t even keep her face straight. She looked at Justin sarcastically and scoffed, “Mr. King sure is thoughtful, although, I can’t help but wonder how many jade pendants you could have made with one raw gemstone? After all, don’t forget that you have another female friend elsewhere whom you’re close to, Mr. King!” 
Lawrence looked at Nora eagerly when he heard her.
She hadn’t caught the hint from the gift box’s bird-print wrapping paper. As his boss’ loyal simp… ah, ptooey, loyal subordinate, he couldn’t possibly betray his boss either, so it wasn’t appropriate for him to be so explicit about it. Now that the Queen had said it, Lawrence mentally shouted eagerly, “Ms. Smith, do you get it now? Do something about Boss quickly!” 
Unexpectedly… 
Nora stood where she was and merely looked at King with a smile. “Oh? You have a female friend you’re close to?” 
King chuckled and replied, “Well, I suppose you can say that. I fell in love with her at first sight.” 
The Queen: “?” Wait a minute, is it really okay for you to be so direct, King?! 
Isn’t the person in front of you your fiancée?! Yet when she looked back at Nora, she saw a small smile on her usually cold face 
The pair’s actions left the Queen and Lawrence utterly dumbfounded. 
After much analysis of the situation, the two finally came to a conclusion: Nora didn’t know who King was at all! 
That must be it. 
There was no other explanation! 
No wonder King had brought Black Cat to the Schmidts’ so openly. He was practically bullying Nora. 
Suddenly, the Queen didn’t feel so hostile toward Nora anymore. In fact, she even found her a little pitiful.
So what even if she’d bore the man three children? He had still abandoned her so soon all the same and even played her like a fool. 
The Queen’s eyes suddenly turned kindly, and she even looked at Nora with a slightly pitying look in her eyes. At the sight, a baffled look came over Nora’s face. 
But she had never been one to think too deeply into such things. 
The group then changed the subject and started talking about the current world economic situation and its future trends. 
With regard to such topics, the people in front of Justin at the moment were all business partners, so he spoke freely. 
As King, he had a very clear idea of future trends-in fact, he could even single-handedly steer things in any direction… His suggestions and ideas were of infinite help to an enterprise’s development. 
The Queen became engrossed in what he was saying. 
The British Royal Family also had its own little treasury, alright? She also wanted to make money. On the other hand, Queenie was a little absent-minded and didn’t show much interest. 
Justin’s eyes darkened as he spoke. 
For Queenie to lead NTT and turn it into the powerful enterprise that it currently was in Switzerland, she must have been highly perceptive to changes in the economy in the past. So, why did it feel like she wasn’t very motivated anymore? Were those NTT policies really made by her? 
At the side, Nora was also falling asleep.
The Queen kept feeling like something was missing, but King usually wouldn’t give her a crash course. One could say that the one he was giving today was all thanks to Queenie. 
King was obviously trying to give Queenie a hand so that she could join the Imperial League after her business reached greater heights. The Queen tried her best to memorize the few development trends that, according to King, were the most likely to make money in the future. How she wished that she could take out a small notebook and write it all down. Though she kept feeling like something was missing and not quite right, Justin simply spoke so well that she couldn’t help but be utterly engrossed in what he was saying. 
This continued until Justin finally stopped. Even then, the Queen still hadn’t had enough, and she gazed at him with admiration in her eyes. The worship of someone was the foundation of love. 
The Queen had fallen for Justin precisely because of his keen insight into the economy. Many years ago, after hearing just a few words from him, the Queen had established a small company and made millions of dollars! 
Noon gradually approached. 
Nora suggested, “Let’s have lunch?” 
After speaking, she said to the butler, “Uncle John, why don’t you go and prepare a sumptuous lunch for the bodyguards too?” 
John, the butler, looked at Barbarian and the others at once. He said, “Please come with me, everyone.” 
Barbarian stood still. 
The captain of the bodyguards looked at the Queen.
The Queen waved and said, “Go ahead. We’re at the Schmidts; no one would dare to harm me here.” 
One could say that she was showing courtesy to Queenie by saying that. 
Only then did the captain of the bodyguards leave. 
However, Barbarian continued to stand still. 
Nora looked at him. “Isn’t he going to eat?” 
The Queen smiled and replied, “He’s a stubborn one. Since he has committed to protecting me, he won’t stop until I return to the hotel.” 
After speaking, she looked at Barbarian and said, “You can go ahead too! There are so many skilled people here today, you don’t have to be here.” 
Had it been before, Barbarian definitely wouldn’t leave. 
After all, the incident with the fire had only just taken place. But today… He glanced at Nora and then bowed respectfully to the Queen. Then, he turned and followed after the guards. 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look. 
The V16 was right here at the Schmidts’. They’d asked the Queen to bring Barbarian here just so they could set up a trap to catch him! 
If Barbarian didn’t leave but stayed here to watch over the Queen instead, how was he going to steal the V16? 
Now that he was gone, Nora turned around and led the few of them to the dining room.
However, as the Queen looked at Barbarian and the bodyguards from the back, she finally realized what she had overlooked. She suddenly looked at Queenie and asked, “Mdm. Schmidt, how many bathrooms do you have here?” 
“… Is something the matter?” asked Queenie. “I have a bodyguard named Black Cat. She said she was going to the bathroom, but why isn’t she back yet? Surely she didn’t fall into the potty, did she? I’ll go and look for her.” The Queen made a move to head out after she spoke. Black Cat hadn’t been assassinated, had she? Otherwise, why was she in the bathroom for over an hour? 
Nora’s legs went limp and she almost stumbled. 
Nora: “” 
No, really, why was the Queen constantly paying attention to a tiny little bodyguard? This didn’t make sense.
###Chapter 915
Nora frowned and said, “You probably don’t have to look for her.” 
The Queen was puzzled. “Why?” 
“… I’ll ask the butler to look for her, you don’t have to go yourself,” replied Nora. 
The Queen thought for a moment. It was indeed lunchtime, so it wasn’t a good time to leave and search for someone. She nodded and said, “Alright. That bodyguard is a little bad at finding her way around, so you have to get the butler to bring her to me.” 
“… Okay.” 
At last, the Queen breathed a sigh of relief and the few of them went to the dining room with the children. 
Queenie, as the hostess, took the head seat. 
Nora sat to her left. By right, the three little ones should be sitting with her while the guests—Justin, the Queen, and Princess Lucysat opposite to them. The Queen glanced at Nora and said with a smile, “Mr. King, Lucy is rather naughty, so let’s have her sit at the side instead.” 
With the three of them sitting together, if Lucy sat at the side, then the Queen would end up sitting next to Justin. 
The mere thought of sitting side by side with King in front of Nora secretly thrilled her. 
Was she cuckolding Nora by doing this? 
Well, it was that woman’s fault for always adopting such a cocky attitude and ignoring everybody- including even the royalty’s authority-anyway…
With that in mind, the Queen pulled out the chair. She was about to sit when Cherry blinked and suddenly said, “Princess Lucy, I wanna sit with you!” The Queen: “?” She immediately looked at Lucy, hoping to stop her daughter from replying. Unfortunately, without even a second thought, Lucy immediately shouted excitedly, “I wanna sit with you too!” 
Cherry immediately jumped off her chair, went around the five-meter-long dining table, and ran up to King, who was seated on the other side. The little fellow looked up at him and, in her young and tender voice, said, “Handsome… uncle, can we switch seats? I wanna sit next to Lucy, yeah!” 
Justin looked at his daughter whom he hadn’t seen for a month and then stretched out his hand and ruffled her hair. 
His daughter’s hair was as fine, soft, and delicate as ever, which stirred his heart. In particular, the little fellow’s sly appearance as she blinked with her big dark eyes made him chuckle out loud. 
Justin asked softly, “Don’t you want to sit with… me?” 
Cherry pouted when she heard him. 
Of course she wanted to sit with her handsome daddy. 
Little Cherry loved her handsome daddy the most, alright? 
But when compared with Mommy, she’d better give her handsome father to Mommy instead! 
Thus, even though Cherry was in a huge dilemma, she nevertheless nodded and replied, “… I wanna sit with Lucy even more!” 
At once, the five-year-old Princess Lucy waved her little paws excitedly and automatically switched positions with the Queen. This way, she would be next to Cherry!
In a lively and adorable manner, she also said, “I also want to sit with Cherry!” 
Justin stood up and walked around the dining table to the seat that originally belonged to Cherry-in other words, the seat beside Nora. He turned his head sideways to Nora and asked, “Ms. Smith, you don’t mind if I sit here, right?” 
The man’s voice was low and deep, and his voice carried a bit of mirth when he spoke, making it sound extraordinarily seductive. 
Nora nodded. “I don’t.” 
“Okay.” 
However, the man didn’t take the seat. Instead, he pulled out the chair for Nora in a very gentlemanly manner first. 
An unceremonious Nora immediately sat down. 
The Queen: “!!!” 
As she looked at the sumptuous spread laid out all over the table, she suddenly felt like she had lost her appetite! 
Is it really okay for you guys to show off how deeply in love you guys are in front of me? 
She walked to the edge huffily and pushed away the servant who was about to pull the chair out for her. Instead, she pulled the chair out by herself and planted her bottom on it. 
To be honest, the Queen’s admiration for Justin was only in her heart. She had been madly in love with him in the past, but due to her status and her duty as the Queen, there was no way she could abandon
her people and elope with Justin. Of course, Justin had never returned her feelings, either. 
Thus, she had suppressed her love for him at the bottom of her heart all these years. She was fine as long as Justin didn’t have a wife, but who knew that he would find himself one so soon? And on top of that, it was even Nora Smith, the person she detested the most? 
But when it came down to it, there wasn’t any great feud or enmity between the Queen and Nora, though. 
The two of them were husband and wife… So what made her think she had the right to be jealous of them? 
The Queen took a vicious bite from her steak. 
Mm, the steak was grilled just right. It melted in her mouth and was delicious. 
Next to her, Lucy was delighted. She kept wanting to talk to Cherry, but the girl looked like she was close to tears as she looked at her father, mother, and two elder brothers seated opposite her. 
Boohoo. 
She really wanted to sit on the opposite side instead… 
Right at this point… 
“Cherry, I’ll switch places with you.” 
“Come over here. Let’s switch places.” 
Pete and Xander, the two sister-doting maniacs, spoke in unison.
An excited Cherry immediately jumped off her chair again and ran to the two of them. 
Pete and Xander looked at her. 
Cherry ran over and stopped in between the two. However, when she took a step toward Pete, she suddenly felt a chilling breeze coming from the other side. 
After a short internal struggle, the little fellow gave Pete an ingratiating smile and then took a step toward Xander. But when she did that, she felt a chilling breeze coming from Pete’s side. 
Cherry: “!” 
She didn’t even know where to put her little foot-which was still off the groundanymore! 
In a dilemma, she pressed her chubby little hands together and lowered her head. 
She’d wished for a brother when she didn’t have one in the past, but why did she suddenly have two now? 
Or how about the two brothers talk it out between themselves? Please stop making things difficult for a poor little girl like her!
###Chapter 916
But make it quick, alright? She wasn’t going to be able to keep the one-legged pose for much longer! 
Thus, Pete and Xander locked gazes with each other, sparks flying from both boys’ eyes. 
At this moment, a weak but life-saving voice reached them. 
“I’d like to sit with Cherry, so if her two brothers want to sit over here instead, then how about we both switch?” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up at once, and she looked excitedly at Lucy opposite her. Her little foot in the air stepped onto her other foot that she was standing on, and she even scratched the top of her foot with it. 
Wow! 
The little princess was practically her savior today! 
In the end, Cherry and Princess Lucy sat next to Justin, with Cherry sitting close to Justin with an excited look on her face. Seeing how happy she was, the silly Princess Lucy also smiled cheerfully along with her, though she didn’t understand at all why she was so happy. Xander and Pete were the only ones sitting beside the Queen with sullen looks on their little faces. The Queen: “…” 
Excuse me, just how unpopular was she?! 
Was it simply that unbearable to sit on the same side as her?! 
Also! How come even her own daughter had abandoned her and gone looking for Cherry instead?! 
She suddenly felt like taking back her gift! 
The Queen viciously devoured another piece of steak.
The meal went on with each of them harboring their own thoughts. 
Although Justin and Nora didn’t speak, the two seemed to have a tacit understanding that no one else could intrude on. For example, at the start of the meal, Justin immediately passed Nora the salt shaker while she passed him the pepper shaker. 
After passing the condiment shakers, the two looked at each other and exchanged a smile. Then, they both lowered their heads and added some condiments to their food with the shaker the other had passed to them. 
The Queen: “Burp.” 
Was she already full after only two pieces of steak? 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she couldn’t help but start musing. Nora must have recognized King and realized that he was Justin, right? Well, that made sense. After all, because of her own strong feelings for Justin, even she had found King very familiar the first time she met him. Later on, she tried to confirm again and again whether the two were one and the same. 
Nora was, at the very least, Justin’s fiancée after all, so how could she possibly fail to recognize him? 
So, that whole act just now where she pretended that she didn’t know him was really just a farce! 
She was the only one silly enough to be kept in the dark. 
The Queen huffily speared another piece of steak. 
One could say that both the host and the guests had thoroughly enjoyed the meal—with the exception of the Queen, who was pulling a long face.
After dinner, the few of them returned to the living room for some tea and conversation. The Queen, however, looked to the outside: why wasn’t Black Cat back yet? 
While the few of them were having lunch, the people outside didn’t stay idle either. While Barbarian and the Queen’s guards were enjoying their specially-prepared lunch outside, John, the butler, happened to run into the servant in charge of housekeeping in the castle when he was cheerfully stepping out of the door. 
The butler asked, “Have you finished cleaning?” 
“Yes, apart from Ma’am’s study, I’ve already cleaned all the other rooms.” 
Following the servant’s response, John smiled and replied, “Well done. No one is allowed to enter Ma’am’s study.” 
The servant also smiled and said, “Oh, by the way, the refrigerator in Ma’am’s bedroom is new. I saw that she has put some facial masks and drinks inside. I cleaned that too just now.” 
John then said, “I appreciate the efforts. We still have guests, though. After they leave, in the living room and in the lobby…” 
The conversation between the two went farther and farther away and their voices gradually became inaudible. 
Barbarian’s eyes were lowered. 
Soon, he finished his meal. He raised his head and looked around. “Black Cat hasn’t come back yet?” 
The captain of the guards replied, “No, not yet. Maybe she’s lost her way. Don’t bother with her.”
The guard next to him also said, “Yeah, she stole Her Majesty’s attention the moment she came. Last night, Her Majesty even sang her praises several times and subtly complained that we aren’t capable enough… So, just let her be! She won’t starve to death anyway.” 
However, Barbarian said, “I’ll look for her.” 
The captain of the guards sneered, “Barbarian, I’d advise you not to be a busybody.” But Barbarian, with a warning in his voice, said, “Her Majesty is very concerned about her.” 
After he spoke, he went straight out the door. 
After he left, the captain of the guards let out a contemptuous laugh. The guard next to him also curled his lips and remarked, “He’s just a bodyguard who isn’t even on the official payroll. Pleasing Her Majesty is about the only thing he can do!” 
As the strongest bodyguard among them, Barbarian wasn’t part of the Queen’s royal guards. 
However, he had always followed the Queen’s orders to a tee and conducted himself according to her preferences. 
Therefore, since the Queen valued Black Cat, it was completely normal for him to go and look for her. It did not arouse the captain and the other guards’ suspicion at all. 
When Barbarian stepped out, he found that while the Schmidt castle’s defenses against external threats might be on point, and the entire manor was no different from a solid fortress that didn’t allow even a fly into the premises, the supervision inside was comparably a little lax. 
Instead of looking for Black Cat, he took the opportunity while no one was looking to grab the wall with both hands and quickly climb to the second floor.
He didn’t go to the study. 
Everything stored in the study was confidential, and there would be safes and so on in there. 
Most people would think that the study was the best place to hide the V16, but he went straight to Queenie’s bedroom instead. 
The V16 needed to be refrigerated for it to be kept fresh. 
If a refrigerator was suddenly placed in the study, it would stick out like a sore thumb and come across as very strange. But if one was placed in the bedroom instead, they could put facial masks and drinks inside, which would not seem at all obtrusive. 
After all, many types of facial masks did require refrigeration. 
Queenie’s move was pretty good and was also very misleading 
But Barbarian was no longer the person, who only had brute force and not an ounce of intelligence, he used to be!!
###Chapter 917
Barbarian cautiously avoided wave after wave of the Schmidts’ security guards. 
Due to the V16, the Schmidts had hired a lot more security guards and ramped up the security in the castle even further. Barbarian even spotted some mercenary groups in there. Those people were some of the most nefarious and vicious people around. For Queenie to hire them as security personnel to protect Nora and the others, one could say that she had certainly invested a lot. 
It was just a shame that Barbarian was unrivaled when it came to physical fitness and acuity. 
In addition, compared to the exterior castle grounds, they did not patrol the inner premises as carefully. 
He bypassed all of them and went straight to the door to the bedroom. 
Then, he pushed open the door. 
But right at this moment, a sharp ring of an alarm suddenly sounded in the earphone Barbarian was wearing on his right ear. 
It was the alarm that the Queen was to activate when she met with danger. 
The Queen was calling for him. 
Barbarian stopped in his tracks. 
He broke into a frown and turned to leave. But a cold and steady voice then came from his left earphone. 
“Where are you going?” 
Barbarian replied, “Her Majesty is in danger.” With that, Barbarian left the master bedroom. Without the slightest bit of hesitation, he rushed to the stairs and got ready to go down.
But the cold and steady voice in the earphone said, “Are you out of your mind? The V16 is right in front of you!” 
However, Barbarian’s response was still the same: “Her Majesty is in danger.” 
As he rushed down the stairs swiftly, he said, “A refrigerator has indeed been added to Queenie Schmidt’s bedroom. You can go over there first. Once you get the V16, inject it into yourself immediately. Once Her Majesty is safe, I will come and save you.” 
After saying that, Barbarian left without hesitation. 
Barbarian couldn’t just leave the Queen in danger. Because the Queen was the only source of warmth in his life. 
our 
He could still remember the time when he’d first escaped from the basement ten years ago. Exhausted, he didn’t know where he was, and he’d ended up running around aimlessly in the palace. 
The teenage boy had just wanted to find a way out at that time. 
And then, he tripped and fell. 
Behind him, members of the mysterious organization rushed over. When they were about to catch him, a lovely voice reached them. “Who are you?” 
The Queen had still been a princess then. 
She was the new heir to the throne. She had a large number of security officers around her, but even when the people chasing after Barbarian saw the princess’s guards, they still came over calmly, regardless. A group of royal guards had already subdued Barbarian, who was out of strength after
fighting his way out of the basement. Someone said, “Your Highness, it’s obvious at a glance that this isn’t a good man. Her Majesty had warned that there could be hitmen in the palace. He is highly likely a hitman. We should kill him to avoid potential trouble!” 
Barbarian did not refute him. 
Because he had seen the speaker before. 
He was a low-ranking leader in the mysterious organization. His purpose in saying what he did was to guide public opinion. 
Barbarian had always been ineloquent and simple-minded. He couldn’t think of a way to explain himself, so he simply closed his eyes in resignation. 
He was frustrated. 
He didn’t want to die just like that. 
After he finally forced open the door to the basement with much difficulty, all five surviving children inside had escaped and fled in all directions. He didn’t know where the others had gone. 
But he wanted to see what the world outside was like. 
Was he going to die here now? 
He hadn’t been administered the V16 yet, though. So, he would still die the day he turned thirty years old. 
While Barbarian’s imagination was running wild, he heard the princess’ voice. “He doesn’t look like a bad person to me.”
“Your Highness, bad guys won’t write the words “I’m a bad guy” on their faces. He has a murderous aura all around him, and there is even blood on him. He must be a hitman” 
“Hold your tongue!” The woman spoke arrogantly and willfully. She said, “If I don’t think he is a bad person, then he is not one. Alright, the few of you, help him up. I will take him away to seek medical treatment, and then I will personally ask him what’s going on!” 
Barbarian was taken to the princess’ quarters. 
After that, the princess summoned a doctor to give him a medical examination. His wounds were healing quickly, and his strength was also recovering rapidly. 
The people from the mysterious organization stood guard outside the door. 
When Barbarian slowly opened his eyes, he saw the blue-eyed young girl with a head of curly blond hair behind her walking toward him. 
Before he could speak, the princess shushed him and put her finger on his lips. Then, she whispered, “Did you offend Father? Is that why they want to kill you? Don’t worry, with me around, no one will kill you!” 
ess was v 
The princess was wearing a white fluffy dress while he was covered in blood. It had been a few days since he last took a bath and his body was covered with dirt, stains, and even blood. It was a hot summer day, and even he thought that he reeked. 
Yet it was as if the princess didn’t feel it at all.
Her pure eyes and clean temperament made Barbarian understand for the first time after he left the basement what it meant to be ashamed of oneself, and he shrank away from her. 
In the basement, he had been the most powerful person there. In order to obtain the follow-up gene serums, he had even been let out by the organization to kill for them before. 
His gene improvements were on his physical body, but at this moment, he felt a sense of inferiority that came from his very soul. 
How he wished he could stuff himself into the sea and soak in there for seven days and seven nights to wash away all his sins. 
Before Barbarian could think too deeply into these things, he had already rushed over from the upper floor to the main hall. It stood to reason that everyone in the Schmidts’ castle was very cautious. Moreover, the Queen had always trusted the Schmidts; that was why she’d dared to dismiss all the people around her during the meal. 
Barbarian could not think of anyone who might harm the Queen. 
Could it be that the people who’d set fire to the hotel the other time had come to the Schmidts’ too? 
While Barbarian was thinking about it, he saw the Queen standing where she was, well and intact. She was glaring at Nora furiously. 
Barbarian: “” 
He walked over with a bewildered look on his face, upon which he saw the Queen with her hands on her hips. The Queen often did this in private, but when in front of others, she’d always paid attention to her manners.
Despite that, she said angrily to Barbarian, “Barbarian, beat her up!” 
Barbarian: “” 
After lunch, Queenie wanted to take an afternoon nap, so she left the first floor to the three youngsters and the children. Justin made an excuse and said that he would take the four children to play in the garden at the back, but in truth, he went to the master bedroom on the upper floor to catch Barbarian. Nora and the Queen were the only ones left in the hall. 
Nora wanted to head to the upper floor, so she didn’t want to be stuck here because of the Queen. As a result, the two had had a little dispute just now. 
It went like this: 
The Queen asked, “Have your butlers found Black Cat or not?” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned and said, “I’ll go personally and look for her, okay?” 
She got up to leave, but the Queen grabbed her arm and said, “You can’t! I get it now, Nora. You already know who King is, right? Then you must also know that King has special feelings for Black Cat. Is Black Cat still not showing up because you’ve done something to her?! Black Cat saved my life. Hand her over to me!” 
Nora: “!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. Someone had told her just now that Barbarian had made his move, so she was in a hurry to head upstairs and meet up with Justin to catch him. Because of this, she couldn’t be bothered to explain and she threatened, “If you still don’t let go, I’m going to hit you.”
The Queen got mad. She said, “Don’t you dare think that I’ll be afraid of you just because you can fight a little. I may not know martial arts, but the people around me do!” 
Thus, she’d pressed the emergency call button. After Barbarian ran over, she looked at Nora and shouted, “Barbarian, beat her up!” 
Nora: “!” 
She looked at Barbarian, stunned. 
Barbarian, aren’t you supposed to be stealing the V16 from the master bedroom upstairs right now? 
Why are you here? 
While she was thinking about it, a siren suddenly started wailing in the master bedroom upstairs!! 
Nora’s pupils shrank! The V16 had been stolen! But if Barbarian was here, who was the one stealing the V16 upstairs?!
###Chapter 918
The Queen was also stunned when the siren went off. She looked at Nora immediately and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Nora didn’t bother with her. She merely glanced at Barbarian, hesitated a little, and then ran upstairs. 
Barbarian followed behind the Queen with a hint of baffled surprise in his red eyes. 
He hadn’t stolen anything, so why did the siren go off upstairs? 
He wanted to go and take a look, but he then thought of how dangerous the Schmidts’ castle was at the moment. He had to protect the Queen. As soon as the thought formed, he stopped in his tracks. 
However, the Queen said, “Let’s go up and have a look too!” 
Surely Black Cat hadn’t mistakenly trespassed into someplace, right? 
She had to save her! 
She mustn’t let Black Cat fall into Nora’s clutches. Only then did Barbarian follow them upstairs. 
Nora was already at the door to the master bedroom. The door had been opened and inside was a complete mess. Obviously, a round of attacks had been launched here just now. 
A figure stood there with her hands raised and her back to them, not daring to move. 
Because! 
The room had been installed with a motion-sensor attack system, infrared sensors, thermal sensors, and more. The moment she moved even a little, the machine guns would turn her into swiss cheese. 
All of this had been prepared for Barbarian.
Barbarian had a lot of physical strength, and neither Nora nor Justin could beat him in a fight. But no matter how strong he was, he was still human. 
Firearms would surely be capable of killing him, one way or another. 
Therefore, Nora had set up all these things in the room. The moment someone took the V16, the mechanisms would activate and the intruder would become trapped within. 
Barbarian hadn’t fallen for it, but it had trapped a person inside at the moment. 
At this moment, Justin, Queenie, and the others also hurried over. They stood outside the door and looked in. The room was surrounded by steel plates that had sealed off the interior of the room. 
The surrounding machine guns were all ready and waiting to fire. 
A row of bullets had already left behind their traces on the wall. They were supposed to intimidate Barbarian after he obtained the V16, so that he either stayed in the room quietly or waited to be shot dead if he dared to move! 
“Turn around!” 
In Nora’s hand was a controller with which she could manually operate the machine guns. 
The woman trapped inside was visibly shaking. When she heard Nora’s voice, she cried and said, “I… I don’t dare to…” 
That voice…! 
It was Rene! 
Nora’s pupils shrank and she asked, “Why are you here?”
Fear filled Rene’s voice even further. She was shaking so hard that it was as if she couldn’t even stand anymore. She stammered, “I… I saw someone coming up, so I followed after them… T-the man opened Ma’am’s fridge, so I shouted that there was a thief. He ran away after that… I wanted to chase after him, but as soon as I entered the room, I triggered the sensors…” 
Rene started sobbing out loud. 
In a low voice, she said, “M-Ms. Smith, I… I’m scared… What’s going on?” As she spoke, everyone looked at the refrigerator. Its door had been opened… 
Nora narrowed her eyes. She was about to speak when the Queen said, “Is there a thief? What’s the matter with all of you? No, wait. Ms. Smith, what are you doing with all these mechanisms in the master bedroom? Doesn’t it scare you when you sleep here?” 
III 
The Queen didn’t know about the V16, so she was very puzzled. “Hurry up and put away those guns. Look at how you’ve trapped one of your babysitters inside…” 
Yes, that was right. Rene had been working as Cherry’s babysitter at the Schmidts’ ever since she was brought there. 
She was also wearing the uniform that the Schmidts’ servants wore. Everything seemed to make sense… 
Nora glanced at Barbarian again. However, she saw that his eyes were narrowed and he was starting to emanate a murderous aura. He looked just like a wolf about to go on a rampage. 
Had Barbarian been inside, she wouldn’t be afraid of anything at all, of course. 
But now that Barbarian was outside… This meant that Nora couldn’t release Rene, because…
She slowly said, “You can drop the act, Spacey.” 
As soon as she spoke, Rene jolted again. Her head turned around in astonishment and she looked at Nora in disbelief. Confused, she asked, “M-Ms. Smith, wh… what are you talking about?” 
Nora did not enter the room. Anyone who entered the room at this point would die. 
She stood at the door and said calmly and slowly, “How much longer are you going to keep up that pretense?” 
However, Rene still looked as timid as before. She said, “I, I’m not putting up any sort of pretense, Ms. Smith. Are you suspecting that I stole something? I didn’t… I came here only to take care of Cherry… No, that’s not right. I came here to look for Liam. Ms. Smith, is Liam here? Can you give him back to me?” “So that he can continue being your puppet and do things for you?” Rene bit her lip, but when she saw the firm look in Nora’s eyes, she suddenly dropped the pretense. “When did you find out?” “When Liam died.” 
Nora went on. “Many have told me that Spacey from the mysterious organization is very smart, but Liam’s actions at that time were obviously too rash.” 
Back then, she’d entered the laboratory to refine the V16 immediately after obtaining it. Liam had then gone straight to the laboratory and snatched it from her… All of this seemed to make a lot of sense. After all, if she hadn’t already been on guard long ago, Liam would have taken away the real V16 at that time! However, Liam had appeared too impetuous that time. 
In particular, his death had been due to a bomb that Barbarian had installed.
In the past, Barbarian had always forced his way through situations with brute force. It was only after he started working with Spacey that he began to develop his own thoughts and ideas when handling things. In that case, there was no way he would give up Spacey so easily! 
Rene was now a completely different person from her usual timid self. Her head was still lowered and her grimy hair was straggled all over her, but the look in her eyes changed from an innocent and timid one to a sinister and baleful one in an instant. 
She was just like someone who had climbed all the way up from hell. She looked at Nora ominously and said, “That’s it? We may be in Switzerland, but the Schmidts can’t pass a sentence on to others so casually!” 
“Of course not.” 
Nora spoke again. She sneered and said, “At that time, I was only suspicious of you. Then, your adoptive parents came and forcibly took you away. You instantly became one of the weak, the most pitiful person around. This undoubtedly diminished your suspiciousness … After all, no one would suspect the weak! But… Are you really? Or should I ask: is your family background really that pitiful? Is it really true that your adoptive parents killed each other in a fight?” 
“Of course not!” 
As soon as Nora finished speaking, Brenda came over. The moment she came up to Nora, she threw a stack of documents to her. “Nora, I’ve looked into the case that you asked me to. Her adoptive parents did kill each other, but based on traces left behind at the crime scene, I’ve found evidence proving that the two did not resent each other; rather, they were forced to kill each other! And it was you, Rene, who forced them to do it!”
Rene immediately retorted angrily, “Didn’t they deserve that? Should I have stopped myself from fighting back and gotten violated by my adoptive father instead? I just want to lead my life properly. Is there anything wrong with that?!” 
“There’s nothing wrong with wanting to lead a good life and protecting yourself.” Brenda’s flaming red lips were extraordinarily alluring, but her back, as she stood there, was straight and upright as she asked, “But is that really what you’re doing?” 
Rene bit her lip. “What do you mean by that?!” 
Brenda cast her eyes down. “I’ve already checked your background. During the last ten years, you haven’t only been adopted by one family but three. However, without exception, all of those couples have died!” 
Her words shocked everyone there. 
Three families? 
Even Nora raised her eyebrows. 
However, Brenda did not elaborate. She only said, “Of course, since your offenses were committed in Switzerland, the Swiss authorities will naturally be the ones to handle your case. As an Interpol officer, I am only arresting you because you are involved in an international biogenetic drug case! But no matter which case it is, you won’t be able to escape the death sentence!” 
The death sentence… 
Upon hearing what she said, Rene suddenly burst into laughter. She said furiously, “You can’t kill me! Because I have already injected myself with both of the V16 serums! Your only option is to distill out the
V16 from my blood now. You can only keep me alive and have me become your gene blood bank! Kill me, and you will lose everything!” 
With both the V16s in her, an overdose would result in an excess of the serum in her blood. 
However, they couldn’t draw out all her blood at once either, because part of it must have already been absorbed into her body! 
If they wanted to extract a single dosage of the V16, they would have to wait for the unabsorbed serum in her body to slowly penetrate her blood along with the regeneration of her blood. This would take at least several months, or maybe even years! 
Barbarian’s pupils shrank and he looked at Spacey in disbelief. She had injected all of the two serums into herself?!
###Chapter 919
Barbarian was infuriated. 
He and Spacey had already agreed that they would each take one gene serum after they got their hands on them! 
He demanded furiously, “How can you be so selfish?” 
As soon as he spoke, the Queen, who was watching the show at the side, was stunned. 
The Queen looked at him in surprise. “Barbarian, what are you saying?” 
Wasn’t this just a case of a babysitter of the Schmidts stealing from her employer? How did it become related to Barbarian? 
The moment the Queen spoke, Barbarian looked at her, though he didn’t speak right away. 
The trapped Rene… no, Spacey sneered, “Selfish? You’re the selfish one! If you hadn’t left just now, we would each have had one gene serum! Without you, I definitely wouldn’t have been able to escape, so of course I had to give myself a Plan B!” 
Barbarian’s brows drew together. “You said that the two of us are in this together! That we would never abandon or give up on each other no matter what!” 
“Ha!” Spacey, who was completely different from her timid demeanor before, raised her head and laughed. “You abandoned me first! For the sake of your Queen, you abandoned me! But look at what happened? Your Queen didn’t need you at all! She’s standing there well and intact while I’m trapped here!” 
Spacey stared at Barbarian angrily. “The Queen has always been the only one in your heart! You never cared about me!”
Barbarian was taken aback. “What nonsense are you saying?” 
“Am I wrong?!” Spacey stared at Barbarian resentfully. “We had already agreed that we would come to the Schmidts today to steal the V16, but for your Queen’s sake, you gave up on our plan. You forced me into this!” 
Barbarian was rendered speechless in an instant. 
However, the Queen, who was standing next to Barbarian, was stunned. She slowly turned her head to Barbarian and asked, “Barbarian, what is she talking about? The two of you are in this together? Are you short of money? Why are you stealing from others with her?” 
The Queen knew nothing about Barbarian’s past. 
All she knew was that after she saved him back then, she had discovered that Barbarian showed immense talent in martial arts. Thus, she had found someone to teach him martial arts and trained him into her strongest personal protection officer and bodyguard. 
Barbarian had also asked for leave and gone out mid-way before. Sometimes, when she stayed in the country and didn’t leave the palace, such that she was absolutely safe, he would ask for half a month’s leave. The Queen had always just thought that Barbarian was going out to handle his personal affairs. In fact, the Queen had even once teased Barbarian by asking him if he’d found a girlfriend and was going out on dates with her… 
Never would she have ever thought that Barbarian would steal from the Schmidts with that babysitter! 
Faced with the Queen’s “naive” question, Barbarian found himself at a loss for words. 
The Queen looked at Spacey again. She pointed at her and asked Barbarian, “Is she the girlfriend you’ve found outside? Barbarian, why is your girlfriend forcing you to steal? Is the salary I pay you not
enough? I’ve given you a house before too. If you need anything else, you can just tell me. There is no need for you to steal…” 
The Queen rambled endlessly, but her actions were the only source of warmth at this moment. 
Faced with the Queen like that, Barbarian didn’t know how to explain what he had done… 
He didn’t speak, but Brenda spoke for him. She said, “Your Majesty, you may have misunderstood something. Do you know that this man next to you is an international serial killer?!” 
As soon as she spoke, the Queen frowned. “Who are you? Why are you slandering Barbarian? He was just stealing something. How does that make him a murderer?!” 
She stood in front of Barbarian and protected him. She looked straight at Nora and Queenie and lifted her chin arrogantly. “Mdm. Schmidt, Ms. Smith. We do have some ties between us, right? I know you’re unhappy that they stole from you, so how about this, how much does it cost? The British Royal Family will provide full compensation! But don’t you dare accuse my subject of being a murderer and whatnot!” 
Her bad-ass manner of protecting her own put everyone present at a loss for words for a while. 
Barbarian also clenched his fists tightly. Once again, he felt ashamed of himself. 
Nora was a woman of few words, but Queenie didn’t wish for conflict with the British Royal Family. 
After all, the Queen represented an entire country. Be it the Schmidts or the Imperial League, neither of them would want to become enemies with a country just because of a misunderstanding. 
Queenie explained, “Your Majesty, have you heard of the mysterious organization?” 
The Queen’s pupils shrank. “Yes, I have. What about it?” 
The people after the Queen’s life at the hotel the other time were from that exact organization!
The Queen had always known that. 
Queenie pointed at Barbarian. “He used to be a member of the mysterious organization.” 
The Queen was shocked. “What did you say?” 
Queenie went on. “Also, you should know what the mysterious organization does, right?” 
The Queen’s brows drew together. “No, I actually don’t.” 
A resigned Queenie could only explain to the Queen the purpose of the mysterious organization’s existence, as well as their cruel practices. 
Two minutes later, when Queenie was done, the Queen frowned and said, “If that’s the case, then Barbarian is also a victim! He shouldn’t be arrested! Besides, he has already betrayed the mysterious organization!” 
“But he is an international murderer!” Nora said coldly. 
“A murderer? Do you have any evidence? If so, you can get in touch with the UK government and request our cooperation in handing over Barbarian instead of arresting him here! Without evidence, I will never hand over Barbarian!” 
The Queen was rather attached to Barbarian. 
It was a very fascinating emotion. 
It was much like a fondness for something that had been around for a long time. After more than ten years, she had long since become accustomed to Barbarian protecting and watching out for her. She
stepped in front of Barbarian and shielded him, just like what Barbarian had done for her every time she met with danger. She even felt that all of this was a conspiracy that the others had devised. 
After all… 
The Queen looked at Nora. “The V16 or whatever it’s called is with you, right? Are you trying to use this as an excuse to get rid of Barbarian? This way, no one would fight with you for it anymore! But for you to spin lies like this, you’re too much!” 
At this point, the masked Justin said solemnly, “Your Majesty, they are not spinning lies.” 
His words made the Queen suddenly look at him. 
In this instant, she suddenly realized that Justin was also aware of all this. Therefore, it wasn’t just Nora who had set up this trap for her; it was also Justin! 
The Queen felt betrayed. 
She was here at the Schmidts just for a visit as a guest, but the group of them had all been plotting against her. 
The smile on her face disappeared completely, and she revealed a cold and resolute side of herself. She said, “So, you’re also part of this, King? Hah. Do you really think that we, the British, are that easy to bully, though? I’ve already said it: Barbarian is mine. If you don’t have any conclusive evidence, then you can forget about taking him away from me! Since I’ve brought him to the Schmidts, then I will walk out of this place with him safe and well! This stands true even if… I must become enemies with the Schmidts and the Imperial League! We, the British, are not afraid!” 
She had pride. 
As a Queen, she had never been afraid of anyone.
Justin sighed. “He is not a good man.” 
Despite that, the Queen still said firmly, “He’s not a good man? Barbarian has always been very kind when he protects me. He never kills the innocent indiscriminately, and he has never come to me with even a bit of blood on him! He doesn’t like to talk, but I know that he is a kind person!” 
A kind person… 
Her words stunned Barbarian, whom she was protecting behind herself. 
To be honest, the reason why he cleaned himself thoroughly every time he killed someone was exactly the Queen’s trust in him. 
The Queen had blue eyes as pure as clear water. 
Though the Queen was arrogant and always behaved like she was high up in the air, she had the purest heart despite her noble status. Therefore, Barbarian was most afraid of the Queen finding out about his activities… 
Thus, he had never left any traces outside that pointed to him being the Queen’s bodyguard, fearing that the matter would be brought to the Queen’s attention. 
But as he looked at the Queen, who was standing in front of him and leaving her back exposed to him with confidence, he suddenly felt that he was not worthy. 
He was not worthy of being shielded by such a good Queen. 
He was not worthy of having the Queen become enemies with the Schmidts and the Imperial League because of him!
Just as Barbarian was about to speak, Brenda curled her lips and said, “You’re the Queen, right? Why are you so muddleheaded? Fortunately, my sister-in-law knows what you’re like, so she told me to bring all the evidence here!” 
After she spoke, Brenda fished out a stack of paper evidence from her bag and stretched out her hand to hand them to the Queen. She said, “These are all the people Barbarian has killed over the years! He-“. 
Before she could finish, though, Barbarian suddenly moved! He charged out from behind the Queen at high speed and threw a punch at Brenda. 
Brenda took two steps back abruptly and the documents in her hands fell and scattered all over the floor. 
The Queen looked at the floor… 
At the side, both Nora and Justin thought that Barbarian was planning to take Brenda hostage because he was at his wits’ end, so they subconsciously stood in front of Brenda to protect her and waited for Barbarian to attack. 
Unexpectedly, Barbarian did not rush over. Instead, he stopped in front of the Queen. 
He stood on the so-called evidence and blocked the Queen’s line of sight. “Don’t look!” 
His voice was filled with panic, just like a child begging for help. He was afraid of the Queen seeing the evidence, he was afraid of seeing disappointment in the Queen’s eyes… 
His tone made the Queen’s heart wrench, and she withdrew her gaze. “Okay, I won’t look…” 
Barbarian breathed a sigh of relief.
But right after he let out the sigh of relief, the Queen asked, “Then tell me, are they telling the truth? Did you… really kill a lot of people?” 
Barbarian clenched his jaw. 
The Queen looked at him fixedly. “You have never lied to me. So, tell me that none of this is true. Don’t worry, I will protect you.” Barbarian’s expression blanked out for a moment. 
He suddenly thought of their first meeting more than ten years ago. 
“You can live here with peace of mind! I will protect you!” 
The young princess said to the boy who had just escaped from confinement with injuries all over him. The boy curled up and tried his best to shrink himself so that his dirty body wouldn’t touch the princess’ pure and clean dress. He was afraid of soiling the angel. 
The princess, however, sat beside him, not caring in the least. Her skirt pressed against his bare feet, and it became stained. Her big blue eyes looked at him as she said, “Oh, but you have to promise me that you’ll never lie to me.”
###Chapter 920
Barbarian looked at the Queen. 
Time flew. More than ten years had passed. 
The Queen had aged and she now had fine lines at the corners of her eyes. However, those blue eyes of hers had never changed. 
Barbarian swallowed. 
The Queen spoke again. “Barbarian, say something. I will believe everything you say.” 
But Barbarian couldn’t. 
He had gone through so much since he was a child. He had been in the basement since he was born and was injected with gene serums every once in a while… 
The body modification gene serum had really hurt like hell… He didn’t remember the pain he felt when he was a baby, but he remembered all the pain he felt after he turned five years old. 
Each gene serum injection had felt as if it was melting his flesh and reconstructing it. No one could understand what that bone-splintering pain felt like. 
At that time, Barbarian didn’t understand. 
Because that was how life was until the day when he was taken out to kill for the first time when he was ten years old. His powerful body and physical abilities had astonished the others. 
It was also only then that Barbarian found out that people outside were living such blissful and happy lives.
A ten-year-old child attended school, acted like a spoiled child in the arms of their parents, and was lovingly doted on by their parents. 
Hatred had slowly built up in Barbarian’s heart at that time. 
All Barbarian held toward the world was malice. All the beauty in the world had never once been part of his life, so what did it matter even if he destroyed the world? 
Therefore, he had never once shown any mercy when he killed. In fact, he only felt happy when he was killing; when he saw his victims shaking like leaves and begging for mercy on their knees. 
See? So what even if he had never attended school? So what even if he had suffered abuse as a child? 
The way people were so terrified in front of him and the way they soiled themselves in their last moments looked even more unseemly than he had been back then! 
Inside this sick mindset of his, the only person who still allowed him to retain a trace of reason within was his princess. Whenever he took leave to go out to kill, the princess never asked him what he was planning to do. She would always happily let him leave. And every time he came back after killing someone, the princess would look at him with a teasing look in her eyes. 
The princess had said that it was time he found a girlfriend. 
But he didn’t know what kind of person he should look for as a girlfriend. 
It was at this time that Spacey had contacted him. 
He and Spacey were the same.
They had both grown up in the basement. Thus, he’d thought at that time that Spacey must be his girlfriend. The two then teamed up and started to fight for the V16 together. 
Barbarian never once felt that he’d done anything wrong. 
Yet he realized that he couldn’t say even a word at this moment, as he faced the Queen’s questioning. 
Because he didn’t want to see disappointment in the Queen’s eyes. He only liked how the Queen sang his praises whenever she saw his progress in combat training. 
Thus, even though he’d opened his mouth, he didn’t know how to answer her. 
However, the Queen figured it out through his reaction, and the look in her eyes gradually turned solemn… 
She looked at Barbarian and suddenly cast her eyes down. She asked, “Have you… ever killed a citizen of the UK?” 
She was not someone with overflowing compassion. In her eyes, only the people of the UK were her subjects. She left the responsibility of managing the people in the rest of the countries to the international authorities; they weren’t part of her responsibilities. 
But if Barbarian had killed citizens of the UK… then the Queen couldn’t let him off!! 
When Barbarian heard her, he opened his mouth again, though, he didn’t know what to say… 
He had. 
Once, after going on a killing spree outside, he happened to run into a royal guard who saw him covered in blood while he was on his way back to the palace. In order to cover up his misdeeds, he had killed him.
Seeing his silence, the light in the Queen’s eyes dimmed even further—she understood his answer. 
She slowly cast her eyes down… 
At this point, Spacey’s voice suddenly came from the room. “You see that, Barbarian? The Queen’s kindness toward you is not unconditional either! Once you cross her boundaries, she would still kill you all the same! I am the only one in this world who’s like you! So, hurry and kill them and save me! I can synthesize the other V16 from my blood for you!” 
Spacey was doing all this because she was worried that Barbarian would defect at the last moment, so she was trying to build a Plan B for herself! 
But Barbarian didn’t seem to have heard her at all. He stared at the Queen in dumbfounded silence. Only one thought was running through his head: “She’s become disappointed in me.” He felt like his world was about to collapse around him! 
At the sight, Spacey bit her lip-she knew that she couldn’t count on Barbarian anymore. She looked straight at Nora again and said, “It still goes back to the same thing-even if you arrest me, you still have to feed me well and keep me in a good mood! Or else I’ll kill myself! If I die, you can forget about ever getting the V16 again!” 
But even after she spoke, she didn’t see any reaction from Nora and the others. 
Nora, in particular, was extraordinarily calm. Spacey wanted to speak again, but intense drowsiness suddenly came over her. She shook her head, suddenly finding herself unsteady on her feet. 
She stumbled a little, whereupon she heard an impassive Nora say, “Oh, I forgot to tell you something. The substance inside those bottles isn’t the V16 but two doses of sleeping pills.” 
Spacey: “?”
Her eyes suddenly widened. It was then that she finally realized something. 
She was right. So many traps and mechanisms had been set up in this place. It was obvious that they had set this up in order to catch Barbarian, so how could the real V16 possibly be here? 
As soon as the thought formed, Spacey’s eyes closed and she passed out. She fell to the ground with a thud. 
But no one looked at her. Instead, they turned to look at Barbarian. 
Barbarian had killed Brenda’s best friend… Seeing him in a daze, Brenda couldn’t hold herself back anymore. She suddenly brandished her pistol and fired right at Barbarian! 
Bang! 
The moment that the gunshot rang out, Barbarian’s sixth sense allowed his body to react faster than his brain. He did a tuck-and-roll on the spot and dodged the bullet from Brenda. 
The next moment, Barbarian smashed through the glass window, fleeing through it! 
Gunshots from the Interpol officers lying in wait on the ground floor rang out. Brenda also went out in pursuit of him. 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look. The couple went down the stairs in unison but saw that Barbarian had already escaped. Brenda, who was stamping her foot in frustration, cursed, “Shit!” 
Up against a skilled expert like him, unless they carried out a large-scale bombardment of the Schmidts’ property, they were going to have a really hard time catching him. The traps had originally
been prepared for Barbarian… But unfortunately, they hadn’t come into play. Instead, they only captured a weak, though relatively intelligent, Spacey. 
In the end, all Brenda could do was detain Spacey. 
As Nora watched the officers bring the unconscious Spacey into the police car, she asked, “What will happen to her?” 
Brenda answered, “The death sentence.” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Brenda sighed. She said, “We’ve already looked into it. She’s different from Barbarian. Barbarian may have been brainwashed into killing but she, on the other hand, was born wicked. Her evolution involves brain improvements. No one ever taught her to kill, yet after she escaped from the basement and was adopted by her first adoptive family, she deliberately seduced her adoptive father, causing a conflict between her adoptive parents. In the end, the two couldn’t resolve their conflict, and they even hurt her physically. She then set up a trap to kill the two of them. Unfortunately, after she killed her mother, her father regained his senses. He wanted to shoot her dead to avenge his wife, but the police broke into the scene at this point 
—their security guard had reported the father for raping her. When everyone went in, they saw that her clothes were disheveled in a mess and that the man was trying to shoot and kill her. The police tried to dissuade him, but it was to no avail, so they could only shoot and kill him…” 
Nora was stunned by the story. 
The Queen was also fascinated by the story. She remarked in surprise, “That woman’s thoughts are so unfathomable!” Brenda nodded. “At that time, everyone believed her account to be the truth and they erased the traces that she had once been adopted. Later, she was adopted by another family. But in
the end, her adoptive parents both died within half a year again. Everyone lamented her bad luck and some even said things like she is too pretty and that she has all grown up, so it was no wonder that her adoptive fathers would take a fancy to her, and so on. Thus, after the second incident, she deliberately made herself dirty and unkempt, knowing that everyone thought that she had suffered trauma during the first two incidents. It was only after the third time she killed her adoptive parents… that it finally caught our attention! You can say that we now have both witnesses and material evidence. Not only has she killed six people in a row, but she’s also involved in a major case like the transnational biogenetic experiment. She won’t be able to escape the death penalty.” 
Everyone nodded. 
After Brenda left with Spacey, the despondent Queen also left with Princess Lucy. 
Barbarian’s betrayal… made her feel terrible. 
Only Nora, Justin, and the rest remained at the Schmidts’. 
As she watched the Queen’s car leave, Nora suddenly asked, “Isn’t she in love with you? Why does it seem like she’s in love with Barbarian instead?” 
Justin, who suddenly felt impending doom, thought for a moment and answered cautiously, “…I don’t know.” 
Nora didn’t press further either. Instead, she changed the topic and asked, “How is it with Barbarian?” 
Justin breathed a sigh of relief and answered, “They are still tailing him.” 
When Barbarian escaped, in addition to the police, the Schmidts’ security officers had also gone after him. In spite of that, he had still escaped, though he ultimately did still take a gunshot.
Justin’s men were also going after him. 
Nora nodded. 
Justin said, “Don’t worry, I will never allow Barbarian to fight with Xander for the gene serum!” 
They weren’t saints. 
There were only two gene serums. They couldn’t give them to just anyone. 
Nora nodded. 
“Daddy!” 
Now that there weren’t any outsiders around, Cherry let out an excited yell and ran over. 
Justin bent over and picked her up. With his voice gentle and low, he asked, “Miss me?” “Of course! Cherry thinks of Daddy every day!” Pete and Xander also came over. 
The family of five gathered happily. 
In the distance, as Queenie watched them, a hint of a happy smile appeared on the corner of her lips. 
At the side, John suggested, “Why don’t you join them, Ma’am?” 
But Queenie shook her head and replied, “I’m tired. I’ll just let the family of five reunite instead! An old woman like me shouldn’t bother them.” 
John looked at her hesitantly before he finally said in a small voice, “You’re only in your thirties…” 
As soon as he spoke, Queenie’s chilly gaze suddenly swept over him. 
John shut his mouth immediately. “I’ve spoken out of turn, Ma’am.”
Queenie lowered her eyes and entered the living room. She casually picked up a glass of red wine from the table and went up the stairs swirling the wine in the glass. This time, though, she did not enter the bedroom but looked at the room that had been sealed for a long time. 
She cast her eyes down. Suddenly, she stepped forward and opened the door.
###Chapter 921
In the room were some shelves, on which were placed some boxes containing all sorts of treasures. 
On the innermost wall hung an enshrined black and white photo. 
In the photo was a woman in her twenties. She had a bright smile on her face, but everyone knew that this woman had been dead for many years. 
Queenie walked forward. As she did, her hips swayed from side to side, as did the red wine glass in her hand. 
She went up to the photo, and then, poured the red wine onto the ground. 
“Daddy, have you not been watching my live-streams lately? You haven’t been tipping me at all! Sponsor Grandpa has become the No. 1 patron now.” 
Cherry stretched out her chubby fingers and showed off while speaking coquettishly in her young and tender voice, “Grandpa and I make video calls every day! But you disappeared for a month and didn’t look for me even once! Cherry is mad!” 
After speaking, she placed her hands on her hips and turned her back to Justin. Her big dark eyes, though, were darting left and right erratically. Justin rubbed his daughter’s head and said, “I’ve been busy with something really important. What can I do to appease Cherry?” Cherry blinked and then grinned at him. “Help me get my game account back! If you make it one without a time limit, I won’t be mad at you anymore! Otherwise, Cherry will be really sad because she’s thinking of you every day but doesn’t have games to kill time with!” 
Cherry had ADHD in the past, so Nora had allowed her to play games. 
But Nora had recently noticed that Cherry’s two elder brothers’ presence had helped her overcome the disorder, so Nora had disabled her unlimited access game account.
It wasn’t advisable for minors to play games for too many hours a day. 
But because Cherry liked the game, she had pestered Justin to remove the time limit on the account, which Nora changed back later. 
As a result, Cherry could only play for an hour a day. 
Upon hearing what Cherry said, a pampering look filled Justin’s eyes and he said, “You not only say that you’re mad at me but also that you miss me a lot, but in the end, it’s all just for the game account, isn’t it?” 
Cherry turned around and wheedled cutely, “But I’m really bored. After playing for an hour, I spend the remaining 23 hours missing you!” 
“What nonsense.” 
Next to her, Pete exposed her lie straightaway. “You still have to sleep for ten hours a day!” 
Cherry: “?” 
She raised her chin. “I miss Daddy in my dreams when I sleep!” 
Pete went on and said dryly, “But what you said in your sleep was: ‘Team battle time! Go! Wipe! Wipe!” 
“…Even so, there are still thirteen hours left for me to miss Daddy!” retorted Cherry. 
From the side, Xander also said, “You always take your sweet time when you eat, so you take at least four hours to finish all three meals a day.” Cherry: “?” 
“I-I think about Daddy when I eat!” Xander said, “But what you said was: ‘Now that I don’t have games to play, even the food doesn’t taste good anymore. Why isn’t the day over yet? I wanna play games…”
“Oh, you also spend four hours watching other people’s live-streams…” 
“You also spend time savoring every detail of the team battle and ramble at me for two hours, and then at Xander for another two…” 
“You also spend time regretting that you didn’t diss others in a wittier manner when you were playing…” 
“You also spend time pestering Mommy to release the child restrictions for you…” 
“You also…” 
Her two elder brothers thoroughly exposed her. 
Cherry’s eyes were damp with tears. “Pete! Xander! You two are horrible!” 
Pete said, “Stop playing games and do some Mathematical Olympiad practice instead!” 
Xander said, “Or come and study dissection with me? Human anatomy is very interesting…” 
Justin couldn’t bear to see his precious daughter being bullied. He picked up Cherry and said, “Is that how the two of you should be treating your younger sister? Alright, hush, Cherry…” “Can Daddy remove the child restrictions for me then?” 
“I’ll have to ask your mom about that…” 
Nora stood at the side. As she listened to the four of them chit-chat, she raised her head and looked at the upper floor. 
That mysterious room had been opened, and her aunt was inside.
No one knew what she was looking at. As Nora thought back to what Trueman had said, she heaved a silent sigh. 
Her aunt always said that she would let Nora see the things in that room when the time was right, and when that happened, her aunt’s identity would also be revealed. But when would it ever be the time? 
While Nora was musing, her cell phone suddenly rang. When she answered, Ian’s voice came from the other end. 
“Nora, I think I know who your aunt is!” 
Nora’s pupils shrank. “Who is she?” 
“I’m about to board my flight. I’ll tell you when I get there.” 
When he got here? 
Ian was flying over? For Ian to become so excited that he would come over in person, just who on earth was Queenie
###Chapter 922
Nora didn’t hang up but asked, “Who is she?” Ian kept quiet for a while. “I can’t say it over the phone.” 
This was because he feared that someone could be monitoring their cell phones. Even if Nora was Q, the top hacker in the world, there was no guarantee that no one would be monitoring them. Moreover, even if Nora could guarantee that her cell phone wouldn’t be hacked, could they guarantee the same for Ian? 
Not only was she in another country, but the phone call was also an international long-distance one. Could she guarantee that the international communications signal would not be hacked? 
Nora could only nod and say, “Alright, I’ll pick you up in eight hours.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up the phone, Nora sank into contemplation for a long while. 
At this point, Queenie came down the stairs drunkenly and asked, “How are things with Barbarian?” 
Brenda had wholly taken over the task of arresting Barbarian. The Queen was still unable to accept the fact that he was a murderer, so she had chosen to remain silent on the matter. 
Nora sighed. “Barbarian indeed lives up to his name of being the embodiment of the human limits. Despite the intensive attempts to catch him, he still managed to escape… He’s nowhere to be found now.” 
Queenie nodded. Suddenly, she asked, “Was that Ian Smith calling just now?” 
Nora nodded, surprised by her perceptivity. In order to avoid people eavesdropping on her phone calls, her cell phone’s volume was set very low. Even so, she’d still heard them?
Seemingly noticing her puzzled look, Queenie smiled and said, “You called him ‘Dad’.” 
“… Really?” 
Nora became doubtful instead. 
As it easily exposed the other party’s identity, she rarely greeted someone by name immediately after answering the phone, unless she was in a very safe place and the other party’s identity was not a sensitive one. 
Queenie didn’t plan on speaking any further, though. Instead, she swirled the wine in her glass. Her delicate face was ruddy, and her cheeks were already red. 
She said, “In that case, I’ll go upstairs to rest for now…” 
She had only taken a couple of steps when Cherry grabbed her. She said, “Grandaunt Queenie, are you going to drink again? Don’t drink anymore. Come and play with Cherry instead! It’s been really long since we last played together.” Queenie raised her eyebrows. “Do you actually remember your grandaunt’s existence when your father, whom you’ve been thinking of this whole time, is already here?” Cherry grinned and pushed Justin toward Nora. “But I can’t hog Daddy. He ought to spend more time with Mommy too. Besides, they may have a lot to talk about!” After all, Pete had said that they should let their parents bond with each other so that they wouldn’t separate in the future. This way, the triplets would be together forever! 
Therefore, even though she really loved her father, she’d better still leave him to her mother instead! 
Displeasure filled Queenie’s expression. “Are you only looking for me because your dad is not around? I’m not going to be your backup
plan…” 
Though she said that, she followed Cherry to the side. 
Justin walked over to Nora and the two sat on the sofa. 
Justin looked at Queenie, who was holding Cherry’s hand. One was elegant and noble while the other was charming and adorable. The two looked extremely harmonious together. 
Justin remarked, “Aunt Queenie seems to really like Cherry, huh?” 
“… ‘Aunt Queenie’?” 
A puzzled Nora asked when she heard the guy suddenly addressing her aunt in a different manner. 
Justin smiled and replied, “Since she’s your aunt, then that makes her my aunt too, right?” 
The guy sure was flirting with her every moment of the day. 
Nora raised her eyebrows and said, “Yeah, Aunt Queenie treats Cherry very well.” 
“Tell me more?” 
Justin prompted. 
Because if he didn’t, Nora would never say any more than that. 
Nora smiled. “Sure.” 
Back then, when she lost a lot of blood during childbirth and her life was on the line, her aunt had saved her and then taken her abroad. Later, she also outright declared Nora the heir to NTT.
During the announcement, her demeanor had been icy-cold, and she also treated her and Cherry coldly. But if the servants in the family ever slighted them even a little, Queenie would immediately and resolutely mete out punishment to them. 
She remembered that when Cherry was three or four months old, because of her frail constitution, the baby caught a roseola infection and had a high fever, which needed to be cooled physically. At that time, when she called the doctor over in the middle of the night because of the fever, he’d said that it would be best to avoid taking medicine and cool the baby’s temperature physically instead. 
Her aunt had immediately complained, “Children are so troublesome.” 
At that time, Nora didn’t know her very well. 
So, Nora told her to go back and rest while she took turns taking care of Cherry with the nanny. 
Though Cherry was already more than three months old, Nora was still weak due to blood loss during childbirth. Unable to stay awake, she fell asleep in the middle of the night. 
But when she was half-asleep, she saw Queenie changing the cold towel on Cherry’s forehead… 
She had always been someone with a cold exterior but a warm heart. Moreover, Queenie was a resolute person with a can-do attitude. She was elegant and attractive, and many men courted her, but she rejected them all. 
She said that she didn’t like men and had never thought of getting married. 
Thus, everything in NTT was hers and Cherry’s.
###Chapter 923
Nora took a sip of water and said, “I’ve never thought of taking anything from her. Seeing that I seemed to have made up my mind, she decided to give NTT to Cherry.” 
Realization dawned on Justin. 
No wonder Cherry had never cared about the Hunts’ assets. As it turned out, it was because she already had NTT. 
The Hunts’ assets were indeed comparable with NTT. 
He lowered his eyes and held Nora’s hand. “Yeah. We’ll talk about it again when the time comes.” 
Nora nodded. 
The two chatted for quite a while. When they suddenly fell silent and were about to rest, they noticed Pete and Xander whispering to each other nearby. 
Nora had sharp ears, so she heard the two little fellows’ private conversation. 
Pete asked worriedly, “Will Cherry be mad because we exposed her like that?” 
Xander, who adopted an arrogant and fearless stance, raised his chin and said, “So what even if she does? We’re doing this for her own good. Playing games every day is not good for her health!” 
Pete nodded. Suddenly, he suggested, “Why don’t we have a good talk with her?” 
Xander pouted. “What’s there to talk about? Just let her…” 
Before he could finish, though, Pete suddenly sighed and said, “You’re the eldest among us, so you should act like one. Considering how unreliable Daddy is—he’s either faking his death or keeping quiet and ignoring us all the time-Cherry and I will have to depend on you in the future.”
Xander’s expression turned smug at once. “Heh, so you admit that I’m the eldest now?” 
Pete replied, “Yes. I will do as you say from now on, Xander.” 
His admission made Xander get ahead of himself. He patted his little chest and said, “Don’t worry, I will look after you and Cherry. I won’t let the two of you go down the wrong path.” 
Pete asked, “Should we talk to Cherry?” 
“Of course!” Xander insisted on acting like the eldest sibling and said, “I’ll ask her to come over right away. We’ll talk to her together.” 
“Okay, Xander.” 
Pete’s submissive attitude made Xander walk toward Cherry with his chin raised. He said, “Cherry, as your elder brothers, Pete and I have something to tell you.” Cherry was utterly puzzled. 
She said to Queenie, “Brush Flora’s hair for me, Grandaunt Queenie. I’ll be back in a jiffy.” 
“This is obviously your doll, yet you insist on making me do it… Alright, go on.” Queenie complained as she took the doll from Cherry, who skipped over to Pete and Xander. 
The three little ones got together. 
Nora rested her chin on her palm and watched curiously as the two brothers educated their younger sister who had been led astray. 
Xander coughed and started the lecture. He said, “Cherry, after thinking about it for a long while, I don’t think it’s right that you keep on playing games like this every day. Do you want to grow up into an adult who doesn’t know anything but playing games”
Cherry looked crushed at once. She lowered her head, twiddled her thumbs, and said sadly, “But I really wanna play games. Are you also going to tell me what to do when Mommy is already doing so?” Xander nodded. “Yes. As the eldest among us, this is my responsibility. Moreover, we both feel that you are not doing the right thing.” “Really?” 
Cherry looked at Pete. “Do you think so too, Pete?” 
Xander also looked at Pete. 
However, after pondering for a while, Pete looked at Xander and said, “Why don’t we relax our supervision on Cherry, Xander? As elder brothers, we can support her for a lifetime anyway.” 
Cherry’s eyes lit up at once and she said, “Pete is the best!” 
Xander: “” 
Cherry then glared at him and said, “I don’t like you anymore!” 
Xander: “!!!!” 
After Cherry spoke, she hugged Pete and said, “Pete, let’s go play together!” 
Pete was very reserved. He said reluctantly, “… I don’t like playing with dolls, but for your sake… Sigh, alright.” 
The two walked toward Queenie hand in hand. 
Xander: “…” 
Xander stood on the spot, dumbfounded.
Only then did he realize that he had been tricked! 
At the side, Nora’s lip corners spasmed. 
Was there such intense competition between boys with sister complexes these days?! 
Do they have to start a battle of wits and courage just to win their younger sister’s favor now? 
Justin, who was next to her, also found the sight unbearable to watch. 
Pete was too devious! The family had fun all afternoon. This continued until the Queen called in the evening. With a listless look on her face, she asked, “Has Black Cat returned or not?” 
Nora: “?” 
No, really, so much time had already passed. Why was she still hung up over Black Cat?! 
She replied, “She’s gone back.” “Okay.” The Queen hung up on her right away. 
Nora was rendered a little speechless by the Queen. After the children fell asleep at night, she took a look at the clock-it was time to pick up Ian at the airport.
###Chapter 924
Both Nora and Justin’s identities had already been exposed in front of each other, so they headed to the airport together. 
However, Justin kept wearing a black mask and moved about as King. 
Justin drove while Nora sat in the passenger seat. 
After a while, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
This was Black Cat’s phone. 
When she answered, a woman’s familiar voice came from the other end. “Black Cat, have you gone back?” 
Nora: “” 
No, really, what was the Queen doing?! 
She had just called her to ask if Black Cat had returned, and now she was calling Black Cat to ask if she had returned! 
It wasn’t like she would go missing, right? 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she replied, “Yes, I’m back.” 
“Oh, that’s great.” 
After saying that, the Queen suddenly heaved a sigh. “I was worried that you might have been caught and detained by Nora Smith. Her eyes are really sharp. You’d better keep your distance from King… By the way, I forgot to tell you that King and Nora Smith are in a relationship, so you’d better not mess with them. You didn’t see how infuriating Nora was… She actually made use of me to catch someone! I’m
so mad! If she wanted me to cooperate, couldn’t she just say so? I’m not an unreasonable person. I think she is deliberately making things difficult for me! Of all people, why was my strongest bodyguard the murderer?” 
Nora: “…” 
The Queen rambled on. “Am I annoying you by saying so much?” 
Nora was about to answer “Yes” when the Queen went on. 
“You agree with me, right? Nora is too pretentious. The way she acts like she’s so high up in the air is as if she doesn’t take anyone seriously… Forget it, I won’t complain about her anymore. I used to love complaining about her the most, but I find that even complaining about her is boring these days. Alas!” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. If it was that boring, why was she still talking so much? 
The thought had only just formed when she suddenly heard the Queen speak again. 
“Apart from making sure that you’re safe, I’m also calling because I’d like to confide in you. I’m actually a little sad.” 
Nora: “?” 
They weren’t that close that they could confide in each other, right? 
Despite finding it a nuisance, she asked, “What are you feeling sad about?” 
Nora definitely wasn’t one to utter such a sentence…
The Queen said, “Barbarian, my bodyguard… You know who he is, right? I’ve always regarded him as my younger brother. Watching him grow up, and watching him become my strongest bodyguard made me really happy. But unexpectedly, he turned out to be a serial killer. 
“Do you know? I looked into it just now. I was thinking that if he had never killed anyone from the UK, then I’d just turn a blind eye. But do you know how many people he has killed? “He has killed almost a hundred people… with more than a dozen of them from the UK… He’s my younger brother, but those people are also my subjects. As an elder sister, I can cover up for my younger brother, but as a Queen, I cannot allow the murderer to go unpunished, such that those who have died cannot even rest in peace. “The two roles, an elder sister and a Queen, keep switching back and forth in me… Do you know? This is the first time I’m finding something a bit tricky to handle. I don’t know what to do. 
“I have dealt with ministers who betrayed me, but I never thought he would betray me too… He has never betrayed me before. No, that’s not right. Killing my people is no different than a betrayal…” 
The Queen rambled on and on, making Nora dizzy. 
At last, the Queen asked, “Do you think I’m right?” 
Nora replied, “… Yes, yes, you are.” 
“Sigh, you understand that I’m really being put in a spot too, right? I knew you would understand. You are so much better than Nora. She is a heartless woman. This one time, I confided in her some of my worries, but she actually fell asleep just listening to me. Hah, does she think of my worries as a lullaby?” 
Nora, who was falling asleep: “” 
“Alright, I have to go. Thank you for listening, Black Cat.”
After she finished, she hung up at once, not giving Nora a chance to interrupt her at all. 
“We’ve reached the airport,” said Justin warmly as he looked at her twitching face.
###Chapter 925
Nora got out of the car and went to the airport exit to wait for Ian. 
As Justin was wearing a mask, it would be too eye-catching if he came out, so Nora made him stay in the car. 
She did not wait long at the exit before she saw that the flight had arrived. Ian walked out with the crowd. 
Ian was in the business class, so he came out first. 
He raised his walking stick as a stewardess supported him. 
When Ian had just recovered, he was weak, so he was in a wheelchair. Now, he could walk with a walking stick. Even if he walked slowly, his back was straight. He was wearing a suit, and no one dared to underestimate him. 
Nora quickly entered the blockade. She came to Ian and held his arm. 
A staff member was about to come over and say that she could not enter so casually, but when he saw this scene, he could not urge her anymore. 
The father and daughter slowly walked out. Nora looked back and asked, “Where’s the luggage?” Ian: “I don’t have one.” 
Nora was a little stunned. 
The Smiths had a private plane, but to fly overseas, they had to apply for a transit pass. This required time and Ian clearly could not wait. Therefore, he took the earliest flight he could find. 
He did not even bring his clothes or luggage. It was obvious how anxious he was about the news.
Nora did not dare to ask too much and walked him straight to the exit. 
The two of them left the airport and arrived outside the car. 
As Justin was here to pick Ian up, he especially drove a spacious car to make it easier for Ian, who had been on the plane for eight hours, to have a good rest. 
However, Ian pulled Nora’s hand. “Sit in the back with me.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora accompanied Ian into the car. 
Justin slowly started the car. 
Ian glanced at Justin. When he saw that he was still wearing a mask, he frowned and asked, “Is he reliable?” 
Nora: “?” 
She coughed. “Yes.” 
“If he’s reliable, why is he still wearing a mask?” 
Nora was about to explain that this was Justin when she saw Ian wave his hand. “Forget it, I won’t ask anymore. You’re being so mysterious all the time. I don’t care what you’re doing either… If you say he’s reliable, I’ll continue. Turn off all your phones and all the communication equipment in the car.” Seeing Ian’s serious expression, Nora took out her phone and switched it off cooperatively. 
She didn’t say anything about being safe in her car.
Because Ian was completely frightened now. She had to give him the safest environment to make him say it. 
When Justin saw this, he simply stopped the car on an empty road. 
There was nothing around them. 
In fact, Nora even got out of the car and walked around. After confirming that no one could eavesdrop on their conversation, she got back into the car and asked, “Dad, what’s wrong?” 
Nora rarely called Ian ‘Dad’. Now that she had called him that, Ian’s heart calmed down. 
He sighed and suddenly said, “I just… Back then, the Smiths were so powerful. Your mother had to escape to protect me, so it’s always good to be careful.” 
There had to be a reason the mysterious organization could make Yvette wary. 
Nora nodded. 
Ian asked, “Is Queenie at the villa?” 
“Yes.” 
Ian swallowed. “I want to see her.” 
“No, I can’t see her…” 
Ian’s words were incoherent. Obviously, even after sitting on the plane for eight hours, he still could not calm his agitated mood. 
Nora frowned. “What’s wrong?”
Ian said, “I’m afraid that if I see her recklessly like this, I’ll bring her danger… Forget it, I’ll tell you the truth! I recently found out that when Yvette was overseas, she once tried to get into business. She used an alias when she was doing business… That alias was Queenie Schmidt,” he looked at Nora steadily and said word by word. This sentence made Nora frown. 
Why was Ian so nervous and being so mysterious? Was it because he felt that her aunt, Queenie Schmidt, was her mother, Yvette?
###Chapter 926
Nora looked at Ian and did not know what to say. 
However, Ian seemed to have confirmed his suspicions. He slowly said, “When your mother died back then, you were still young, so you didn’t see her dead body, right? So think about it. Why is your aunt so good to you? Furthermore, she handed over to you the company that she worked so hard to establish… Also, the birthday gift she gave to Cherry last time was something I had given to your mother! Nora…” 
Seeing that he still wanted to say more, Nora sighed and slowly said, “They look completely different.” 
As soon as she said this, Ian replied, “Her looks could have been adjusted later. Your plastic surgery skills are so good now, it wouldn’t have been a hard thing for her to change her 
face.” 
Nora was silent again. “Mother is already dead…” 
“I didn’t see a dead body, and you didn’t see a dead body, either. I only heard the news from other people. Your mother was so smart, she could definitely find a way out. Nora, I don’t dare to go to the Schmidt’s directly now. I’m afraid that someone might suspect her if they see me there. Can you help me contact her and get her to come out secretly so that we can meet?” 
Ian’s eyes were filled with light. 
Nora had never seen Ian like this. 
He was in high spirits as if he had found a reason to live again. 
He had never been so excited, even when he found out that she was his biological daughter.
He must have loved Yvette so much. 
Nora suddenly felt a little sad. 
She did not want to cruelly crush Ian’s only hope. She said, “I’ll call her now.” 
“Okay.” 
Ian smiled. 
This smile was like the sun shining into a car, making everything brighter. 
Ian was indeed extremely good-looking. 
Nora took out her phone and turned it on. She called Queenie. 
However, no one picked up for a long time. 
Nora frowned and picked up her phone again. She called the butler. John picked up quickly. “Ms. Nora, what’s the matter?” “Where’s Queenie?” 
“She just drove out. She didn’t say where she was going,” John replied. 
Nora frowned. “Then who did she take with her?” 
John said, “No one.” 
Nora: “?” 
She asked, “She didn’t take anyone along?” 
“No… I persuaded Madam to take two bodyguards with her, but she seemed to be in a hurry. She only said that there was no need and left.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora hung up the phone. She thought about it and called the NTT. 
Royce picked up quickly. “Ms. Nora, what’s the matter?” 
“Did Queenie come to the company?” 
“No.” 
After Royce replied, Nora was about to hang up when she heard Royce say, “But Madam called me just now and told me something.” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned and asked, “What is it?” 
Royce said, “She wants us to listen to you from now on.” 
Nora: “” 
She frowned. “When was this?” 
Royce sighed. “Just now, and… Madam is hiding something.” Nora was stunned. “What is it?” 
However, Royce said, “How about this? I’ll tell you in person at the Schmidt’s.” 
Nora nodded. “Sure.”
After hanging up, she said to Justin, “We have to go to the Schmidt’s. Hurry!” 
When she was on the phone, Justin had sensed that something was wrong, so after she finished speaking, he started the car and rushed to the Schmidt’s. 
Ian asked nervously, “What’s wrong with her? Did something happen to her? Or does she know that I’m here and is hiding from me on purpose?” 
Nora frowned. She took out her phone and sent a message as she said, “No, she’s missing! I’ll get someone to look for her now.” 
“Missing?” 
Ian’s eyes widened. “How could that be?!” 
Why did she leave in such a hurry? 
The few of them went straight to Schmidt’s. John was waiting at the door. When he saw Nora, he said, “When Madam left, she said that you can now enter that room.” 
That room… That room with Queenie’s secret, she could enter now? 
So now was the time Queenie had mentioned before?! 
Nora’s heart felt worse and uneasier. She asked, “Did she take anything with her when she went out?” 
John thought about it and nodded. “Yes. I think she took an insulated box.” 
Confidential documents could be placed in a password box. 
Why did she have to use an insulated box?
As soon as the thought appeared, Nora immediately realized it. It was the V16! 
Only medicine needed to be kept cold!!
###Chapter 927
Screech! 
The car stopped at the bottom of the villa. Nora helped Ian out of the car. The few of them had just gotten out when they saw Cherry and the other two running out eagerly. When they saw Ian, the three of them shouted in surprise, “Grandpa!” 
Cherry pounced forward and hugged Ian before beginning to speak sweetly. Pete and Xander stood by the side with the corners of their mouths twitching. 
However, Nora was not in the mood to listen to them. She entered the villa. 
Justin followed closely behind her. 
The two of them went straight to the third floor but realized that the door to the mysterious room had already been opened. Nora’s footsteps instantly stopped. She and Justin looked at each other. 
Then, he heard Ian’s walking stick. 
He walked around Cherry and came to the two of them. When he saw their faces, he asked, “What is it?” 
Nora looked at that room. “There is a secret about my aunt’s identity in this room.” 
Ian immediately looked at the door eagerly and walked in. 
Nora followed behind him. 
When the two of them entered, they were first attracted to the black and white photo on the wall. 
In the photo was Yvette’s young and arrogant face. She was smiling arrogantly as she looked straight at them. In front of the photo were some offerings. It was obvious that someone had been here all year
to commemorate her. “This…” 
When Ian saw the photo, the final hope in his heart suddenly shattered. 
No one would secretly commemorate themselves. 
Although he had a strong feeling after finding out that Yvette had once used the name Queenie, he really wanted Queenie to be Yvette. 
However, he knew in his heart… How could the mysterious organization, which could push Yvette to a dead end, believe that she was dead without seeing her corpse? 
But he forced himself not to think about it. It seemed that as long as he did not think about it, Queenie could still be Yvette… 
He knew that if he thought about it, this fantasy of his would be shattered. 
The walking stick in his hand trembled slightly. 
He tried hard to stand up straight and walked forward trembling. His fingers slowly touched the portrait on the wall before he began to size up the items on the surrounding shelves. 
“This…” 
He picked up a small golden locket and was stunned. “This is Yvette’s…” 
In the middle of the golden locket was a piece of jade. This jade pendant had been broken, and there was a crack in the middle.
He looked at the rest of the shelves and realized that most of the things on them were left behind by Yvette. He picked them up one by one, trembling… It was as if he had returned to the good days he had spent with Yvette. 
Nora did not have much feeling for this. After all, she hadn’t seen her mother since a very young age. Her feelings for her mother were not very strong. 
She was just looking for something that belonged to Queenie here. 
Since Queenie had said that the secret to her identity was in this room, then there must be something that belonged to her! 
Nora looked around and suddenly saw a small box. 
She was stunned. After walking over, she picked up the box and slowly opened it. 
The first thing that came into view was a business card. 
On the card was a little girl who looked to be in her teens. She had a ponytail and was facing the camera with a wide smile. The name on the card had been smeared. 
The name of the company on the card was: Philip Biotechnology Laboratory. 
“This is the official name of the mysterious organization,” Justin suddenly said. He looked at the girl on the card again. He seemed to have realized something, but he still asked, “Who… is this?” 
Nora clenched her fists and slowly said, “Queenie.” When Queenie was only eleven or twelve years old, she was a member of the mysterious organization! 
This was an outcome Nora had not expected!!!
She and Justin suddenly looked at each other. Nora put down the box in her hand and rushed to Queenie’s bedroom! 
The V16 was supposed to be in her bedroom! 
However, when she entered the bedroom, she saw that the fridge door was open and the V16 inside was indeed gone…
###Chapter 928
Nora was stunned on the spot. 
Justin reached out and placed his hand on her shoulder, comforting her. “It’s okay…” 
There were two gene serums. Even if Queenie really handed both serums to the mysterious organization, he could still talk to Trueman as King and get one back for Xander. 
There was still time! 
However, he knew that Nora was not worried about the serum right now. She was just confused and hesitant upon being betrayed. 
Nora really did not expect it to be like this… 
Queenie was from the mysterious organization. She had thought about this a long time ago. However, in the past five years, Queenie’s affection for her was not fake, and her feelings for Cherry were not fake, either. 
She had even told her aunt that she could give her one of the two serums. 
Then why did she snatch both of them away? 
If she had left one for Xander, Nora would not have been so sad. 
Nora took a deep breath. When she turned back, she saw the three children looking at them in confusion. 
Cherry asked, “Mommy, what’s wrong?” 
Pete and Xander looked at her worriedly.
Nora lowered her eyes. “It’s nothing. I’ve just lost something of mine.” 
Cherry said again, “What did you lose? It’s okay. When Grandma comes back, I’ll get her to help you find it! Grandma is so powerful, she’ll definitely be able to find it!” 
Looking at her innocent appearance, Nora touched her head and did not say anything. She walked past her and entered the room that had never been opened for her before. 
She wanted to see Queenie’s life. 
Justin stood behind her and looked at her departing back. He had never seen her like this. No matter what, she was calm, rational, and powerful. 
However, sometimes, what broke a person’s heart was not physical abuse but psychological betrayal. 
He followed behind Nora and entered the room with her. 
Nora took the box and flipped through it. Only then did she see an identity card. 
The ID card was very old. It looked more than twenty years old as the photo was still in black and white. The name on the ID card was Queenie, but the photo was of Yvette. 
This should be the identity Yvette had forged back then. 
Below the card was a transfer of shares agreement. 
It meant that once she passed away, all that belonged to the NTT company she had founded would be inherited by her daughter, Nora. 
Nora took a deep breath.
20 years ago, the Internet wasn’t as prevalent and most of the records were kept offline. It was not as convenient as it is now. After Yvette disguised herself as Queenie, one could easily change the photo. 
Nora had seen Queenie’s identity card. 
She had secretly replaced her mother’s identity back then… 
Nora only felt a little stifled in her chest. It was very uncomfortable. Was this the feeling of sadness? 
She looked down again and realized that there was nothing left. 
Although she knew that Queenie was from the mysterious organization, she still did not know anything about her real identity. 
At this moment, a car arrived at the door. NTT’s Royce walked in. When she saw him, Nora instantly narrowed her eyes and asked, “You’ve always known that she isn’t Queenie, right?” 
Royce was a veteran from when NTT was first established. He must have seen his mother! 
Royce nodded. “Yes. I came here this time to explain it to you…” 
He pointed to the sofa. After letting Nora sit down, he said, “I remember it was 26 years ago. Your mother suddenly brought her here one day and said that she would be in charge of everything related to NTT. I asked her what her name was. Your mother said… Her name was Queenie. Your mother emphasized that she would be Queenie from now on.” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Royce handed her another document. “Look at this first.” 
She lowered her head and opened it. After taking a look, her eyes narrowed.
###Chapter 929
Nora stared at the document intently. After a while, she looked at Royce and asked, “When did you find out? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” 
Royce sighed. “I only found out recently. I realized that something was wrong with her, so I went to investigate.” 
With that, Royce frowned. “Madam has never had a change of heart all these years. I even suspected her when your mother brought her here, but your mother had said that I could trust her. I couldn’t have expected this to be the truth.” 
Nora nodded. 
Nora walked over and handed the document in her hand to Justin. 
It was a cancer diagnosis. 
Justin pursed his lips tightly. “… This doesn’t make any sense. If she doesn’t have long to live, why is she still working for the mysterious organization? Could it be… that they have something on her? Or could it be that she has relatives who are being threatened?” 
This was the only explanation. Nora instantly pursed her lips tightly. She looked at the diagnosis intently and suddenly lowered her eyes. Her lips curled up into a bitter smile. 
But then, she suddenly picked up her phone and sent a message to Karl of the Assassin Alliance. “Do me a favor.” 
On a highway, a low-key black car was parked by the roadside. 
Queenie sat in the driver’s seat and looked forward with blurry eyes.
She opened the glove compartment in the car and took out a tall cup and a bottle of red wine. 
She picked up the bottle of red wine. The year written on it was 1995. 
This was the year she had come from the mysterious organization. 
She remembered that before she left, her master had said, “I want you to go with her and work as a spy.” She had agreed. 
Then, Yvette took her out of the mysterious organization. 
She did not bring her back to the country. Instead, she went to a company called NTT. 
There, she handed her to Royce and said, “This is my sister. From now on, she will be Queenie. Queenie will only be her.” 
She was stunned and looked at Yvette in disbelief. 
But Yvette only smiled at her. Even after more than twenty years, that woman’s smile still seemed to be in front of her. 
It was the first time in her life that she had received kindness. 
Later, Yvette took her to start a company and planned the company’s future development together. She even took her on a trip and the two of them had gone to a winery. 
Yvette had stayed with her for a month in that winery. 
That big sister-like figure taught her how to make wine by hand, how to ride a horse, and even played with her. When she could not do it well, Yvette would scold her like she was her own sister…
Slowly, she forgot her original mission. 
She really thought she was Yvette’s sister. 
Until she received a call from the organization. 
She looked at the bottle of wine in her hand again. 
She had made this with Yvette back then. They had made a total of ten bottles. At the time, Yvette had smiled and said, “When I’m old… No, when we’re old, the two of us will drink together.” 
At the thought of this, she took out a bottle opener and opened the bottle of wine. She slowly poured it into the cup and swirled it gently. 
Then she tasted it carefully. 
The wine that was not fermented enough still had an astringent smell, but it was too old. It was mellow and rich, and it lingered in her mouth. 
She smiled. 
At this moment, a car suddenly drove by the roadside and stopped beside her car. After the window was opened, the person in the driver’s seat said, “Customer 9815, right? We’re your bodyguards.” 
Queenie nodded at him. 
This was the most influential mercenary organization in the world. She had paid a high price to hire such a team to protect her. After all, the way to the mysterious organization from here would not be smooth. 
At the thought of this, Queenie said, “Come over. Drive for me.”
With that, she got out of the car and walked to the front passenger seat. 
As soon as she sat down, the back door of the car beside her was pushed open. Immediately, a masked person in a camouflage outfit got into the driver’s seat. 
Queenie said, “Let’s go.” 
However, even after a while, the person in the driver’s seat did not start the car. 
She turned around in confusion and saw the person taking off the black cat mask. 
Nora looked at her with a complicated gaze and asked slowly, “Queenie, where are you going?”
###Chapter 930
Nora’s hair was tied neatly at the back of her head. 
Her face was covered in gray camouflage paint, and the camouflage-print outfit she wore looked smart and well-fitted. Together with her army boots, she was a smart and dashing sight. 
At the sight of Nora, Queenie’s pupils shrank. Stunned, she asked, “You… Why are you here?” 
Nora cast her eyes down. “You may have underestimated Black Cat’s status in the industry.” 
Black Cat was the top assassin in the world. Every organization, no matter which, would show her respect. When Nora realized that Queenie had left by herself, she was absolutely confident that she would hire security services for sure. 
Bodyguards hired at the last minute were unprofessional and unreliable. Their combat skills weren’t as reliable as that of professional hitmen and mercenaries. Moreover, mercenaries only did what they were paid to do and would never betray their employers. 
Thus, Nora had used Black Cat’s identity to immediately contact all the organizations. 
In the end, Queenie chose a mercenary group affiliated with the Hitman League. 
The Hitman League and the Assassin Alliance were rivals and competitors. Queenie might have chosen them because of this, in order to prevent Nora from getting a hold of her location through the Assassin Alliance. 
But unexpectedly… 
The Hitman League showed Black Cat that much respect? 
Queenie frowned. “Isn’t the Hitman League on hostile terms with you guys?”.
“We’re not on hostile terms; we’re just competitors. Also, I did them a small favor in the past.” 
Nora answered impassively and then looked straight ahead. Many years ago, the Hitman League had received a difficult job. They dispatched several assassins for the job, but they all came back unsuccessful. Had the news spread, the Hitman League would have ended up utterly embarrassed. 
Their old boss then got a brainwave and decided to engage the services of Black Cat, who was from the Assassin Alliance, for the job. 
To be honest, he had just been making a last-ditch effort. He never imagined that Black Cat would actually take it up. 
At that time, they thought that Black Cat just wanted money and hadn’t recognized them. But when Black Cat took only two hours to complete the job that they had failed to complete even after two weeks, and also successfully found their identity, their old boss decided to offer extra money so that Black Cat wouldn’t reveal the truth about the job to others. 
At that time, competition between the two organizations was fierce, and every time either of them received a difficult job, they would secretly show off within the industry. 
But unexpectedly, Black Cat refused the extra money. 
She even said that the job was only worth the price initially agreed upon. 
Thinking that this was the Assassin Alliance’s conspiracy, the old boss was convinced at that time that they were done for. With Black Cat easily resolving the problem that they couldn’t, she had pretty much become a walking advertisement! 
Unexpectedly, though, the outcome he was worried about did not come to pass.
Black Cat never told anyone that she had taken on such a job. 
Because of this, everyone in the Hitman League 
– including Abbott, who had carried out the mission with Nora the other time—had a lot of respect for Black Cat, even though they disliked Nora. 
Therefore, when Nora used Black Cat’s account to ask them for help, the members of the Hitman League immediately reported to her the moment Queenie approached them. 
Abbott even sent several messages to Nora: 
‘Hey Black Cat, do you know that the Assassin Alliance took advantage of your fame and found someone to impersonate you and act as a bodyguard for the Queen for three days?! They are too much! The Hitman League’s doors are always open for you.’ 
Nora: “…” 
She ignored Abbott completely. In fact, she didn’t even look at the text messages he sent after that. Instead, she immediately rushed over after receiving the news about Queenie. 
After hearing Nora’s reply, Queenie fell silent for a while. In the end, she hung her head and asked, “Are you here to catch me and take me back?” 
“No,” 
Nora looked straight ahead of her. Suddenly, her eyes reddened and she said, “I’m just… here to accompany you on this journey.” 
This journey that might possibly be her last.
Queenie was stunned. Then, she sighed and asked, “You’ve found out?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora’s voice was still low, but her voice was firm. She said, “Aunt Queenie, I trust you. You must have your reasons for doing this. Now, I’d like to hear your explanation.”
###Chapter 931
Her explanation? 
Queenie fell silent for a while. 
She suddenly turned her head and looked out the window. “You know what? I’ve actually long forgotten what my name really is. Ever since my teens when people started calling me Queenie Schmidt, I thought that I had become the real Queenie.” 
She lowered her head, a self-mocking smile on her lips. 
“Ivy Lyons. That’s my real name.” 
After speaking, she took a sip of red wine and said, “For so many years, the mysterious organization never contacted me, and I naively thought that I had really broken free from them. But unexpectedly, right after you obtained the V16, I received their summons. And now, I must hand over the V16 to them.” 
“Why?” Nora looked at her intently. 
Why would a woman who was close to death go against her own will and let herself suffer coercion from others? 
“Because of my family.” 
Queenie… Nora still preferred to call her Queenie, whether because the name was her mother’s pseudonym or any other reason. To her, her aunt was Queenie Schmidt, and in the same way, Queenie Schmidt was her aunt. 
“Because my family has always been under their control.”
Queenie spoke indifferently as if the matter had nothing to do with her. 
Nora fell silent. 
Queenie looked at her. “If they threatened Cherry or Justin’s life and demanded that you hand over the V16, would you do it?” 
Yes. 
Almost without thinking, Nora came to an answer. 
She sighed silently and stared at the steering wheel in front of her. 
So, Aunt Queenie had no other choice either, right? 
She turned her head to look at Queenie again, her gaze falling on her. 
Queenie had always dressed sexily. Even when she was home, she wore a red silk nightgown most of the time. She had a good figure. But Queenie was wearing a large, baggy black coat now instead. 
There was sorrow in her eyes. Seemingly from her betrayal of someone whom she once saw as her sister, yet also carrying some other meaning. It was hard to tell what it really was. 
Queenie looked at her again. “So, do you hate me?” 
“Most likely not.” 
Nora answered slowly. She took a while to word what she wanted to say, so that she could express her feelings more clearly. She said, “I was really sad when I found out that you took the V16. But now that I know you had no other choice, I suddenly find myself forgiving you.” 
Queenie was taken aback.
Suddenly, she smiled wryly and said, “After so many years, I have ultimately still let Yvette down.” 
However, Nora shook her head. “I think Mom expected this to happen. That’s why she chose to trust you unconditionally and gave you warmth, despite knowing full well that she didn’t know anything about your identity or background.” 
Queenie laughed when she heard her. “What are your plans now?” 
“Nothing much.” Nora slowly replied, “I told you, I’m only here to accompany you on your last journey.” 
Queenie was surprised. 
She suddenly reached out her hand and touched her head. “This journey’s not going to be a peaceful one. Barbarian is still watching us, and the mysterious organization will also send their men to pick me up… Why… are you doing this?” 
She knew very well that she was her enemy, yet she still came to accompany her without hesitation. 
Nora smiled. “Because you’re my aunt.” 
She lowered her head. “Besides, I owe you my life.” 
Five years ago… more like six now. After giving birth, her body had become extremely weak as she lay on the delivery bed. Since she was little, Nora had lived in a family without love. It was impossible for her to say that she didn’t envy her younger sister. When she watched her fake father raise her sister into the air, and when she watched her stepmother reprimand her sister, deep down, she had been envious of her. 
Later, she began to study medicine under Silvester and practiced martial arts under Quinn. The two elderly men treated her well, but they were ultimately still men. All they did was reprimand her and tell
her to grow up. 
Queenie was the only one who had shown her a ray of warmth in her life. 
She still remembered that she was so weak back then that she couldn’t even get off the delivery bed. After she gave birth to Cherry, she could only watch helplessly as Henry came over to snatch the baby from her, yet she couldn’t even lift a finger… 
At that point, someone had suddenly kicked the door open. Queenie, dressed in red, had then walked in, upon which she immediately noticed her lying on the delivery bed. Her warm fingers closed around her hand and she told her, “Don’t be scared, Nora. I’m here now.” 
Then, she had ordered her bodyguard to snatch the baby back. She stood in front of her assertively and faced Henry. 
Henry had yelled, “What are you doing here?!”. 
With her voice calm and steady, the woman replied, “I’m here to take her home.” 
At that time, Nora was already losing consciousness. 
Before she passed out, she heard her say, “Since you can’t take care of her well, then from now on, I will be the one taking care of her. She will be my daughter from now on!” 
Queenie had taken her home then. 
Now, she would bring Queenie home.
###Chapter 932
“I don’t need you to protect me.” 
Upon hearing what Nora said, Queenie suddenly turned her head to the side and added, “Besides, there’s really no need for you to do this. Treating you well was one of my missions. The mysterious organization wanted me to treat you well; otherwise, how would I gain your trust?” 
Nora did not speak. 
Suddenly, Queenie opened the thermal insulation case she had brought with her, took out one of the bottles inside, and handed it to her. “Take this bottle of V16. With this, we don’t owe each other anything anymore. Leave!” 
However, Nora didn’t take it. Instead, she started the car. 
Queenie frowned. “Didn’t you hear me?” 
Nora merely replied coldly, “Put the V16 back in the case. If it’s kept in the open for too long, it’ll lose its efficacy.” 
Seeing that she wasn’t taking the V16 from her, Queenie hesitated for a moment before she finally placed it back in the case. She sneered, “You weren’t such a saint in the past.” 
Since she was little, Nora had never had normal familial relationships. On top of that, the few teachers she had were all elderly people with high statuses in their professional fields and were very imposing. As a result, she had always positioned herself as an extreme egoist. 
Even during the five years she was abroad, she had been extremely cold and indifferent to people and didn’t really care much for the people around her. That was why the Queen detested Nora. 
Because she was always so cold and unreceptive toward others, no matter how well they treated her.
During her time abroad, she had made only one friend and that was Tanya. 
And even so, the only reason she’d accepted Tanya was that both of them were looking for their missing child… In Tanya, she had found someone whom she could commiserate with. 
Nora ignored Queenie’s remark again and continued to drive forward. While she was at it, she asked, “Where do you want to go?” 
Queenie: “…” 
She had said all that just now to rile the woman up, but she had clearly already made up her mind. 
Queenie knew her well. 
Knowing that Nora had always been someone who knew what she was doing, she took a deep breath and suddenly said, “Nora, not only do we have to be wary of Barbarian attacking us along the way, but we also have to be on guard against the mysterious organization. Do you know that the mysterious organization has never trusted me? They want me to give them the serums in exchange for my family, but the truth is that they are going to try snatching them from me the whole way there! I know that you’ll have to face the mysterious organization sooner or later, but there’s really no need for you to do this for my sake.” 
She looked away and added, “I’m not worth it.” 
“You’re not the one who decides whether you’re worth it or not. I’m the one who does.” 
Nora couldn’t bear hearing her say such things. Her eyes were fixed in front of her as she said, “Aunt Queenie, I told you, I’m taking you home-safely.”
As she spoke, she put Black Cat’s mask back on with one hand and then added, “I know you’re worried that they will think of this as a trap if I’m with you, but you don’t have to worry, because it is not Nora Smith who is here with you now but just plain old Black Cat.” 
After saying that, Nora snatched the wine glass out of Queenie’s hand and put it aside. “That’s enough drinking. Don’t drink anymore.” 
Queenie: “…” 
She was about to speak when she saw a smiling Nora say, “You haven’t slept properly since you left home yesterday, right? Have a good rest. Don’t worry, I’m here.” 
As Queenie looked at the stubborn woman, she glanced at the wine glass the other woman had put away and then broke into a frown. She was about to snatch it back when she heard Nora speak again. “If you don’t do as I say, I will throw your wine out the window.” 
Queenie shut her mouth and closed her eyes huffily. 
The car quietened at last. 
When Queenie’s eyes suddenly opened, she spied a tiny smile flash across Nora’s lips. 
Queenie asked huffily, “What are you laughing 
at?’ 
“Nothing much.” As she drove, Nora reached over, took a quilt from the backseat, and tossed it to her. “Here, use this.” 
Queenie: “?”
Surprised, she asked, “Where did you get the quilt from?” 
“I put it in the back when I first got in the car.” 
What else had that woman brought into the car while she wasn’t looking?! Queenie closed her eyes huffily. She slept very peacefully. Five hours later, it was already noon. When Queenie slowly opened her eyes, she found that the car had arrived at a toll booth. 
Ahead of them, someone was checking the people in the car in front. 
Sunlight streamed in through the window, shining on Queenie and warming her up. 
Queenie was somewhat dazed, to the extent that for a while, she even forgot where she was and what she was doing. How long had it been since she’d slept so well? While she was staring blankly ahead of her, Nora suddenly whispered into the Bluetooth headset she was wearing, “Alert!” 
Queenie’s mind cleared instantly. 
She looked ahead abruptly, upon which she saw the people in the toll booth walking toward them with savage looks in their eyes. 
Something was wrong with those people.
###Chapter 933
Nora looked ahead. 
As a hitman, she naturally had a sixth sense. 
Those people were mercenaries. 
As she observed what was happening in front, she turned her head to see Queenie, who wasn’t much of a fighter at all, narrowing her eyes warily. She clenched her fingers nervously and held them at her waist. 
This was a person’s natural reaction when they encountered danger. 
Nora withdrew her gaze, a dull glint flashing across her almond-shaped eyes. 
“Get out of the car! This is a checkpoint!” 
The people outside knocked on the window and shouted fiercely. 
Nora made an “OK” hand gesture. She pretended to roll down the window, but the next moment, she suddenly started the car and stepped on the gas pedal! 
Vroom! 
As the revving of the car starting rang out, the car lunged forward. 
It knocked away the trio standing in front and blocking their way. 
“Damn it, go after them! Don’t let them get away!” 
The people behind them immediately whipped out their pistols. Just as they were about to fire at their tires, with a loud screech, the car suddenly stopped at the front. It even made a turn and stopped
horizontally at the expressway exit in front. 
With one hand on the steering wheel, Nora looked at them with a smile and remarked, “Tsk, there is no escape now.” 
It was only when she heard her remark that Queenie realized that the expressway they were on was very narrow and that the assailants’ cars were nearby at the other end of the toll station. If they wanted to get in their cars and escape, they would have to break through the toll gate. However, Nora had blocked the way with the car! 
So, when Nora suddenly started the car and knocked away the trio just now, she hadn’t been trying to escape? Rather, she was trying to prevent these people from… escaping? 
Queenie’s lip corners spasmed. 
The little fellow sure was brazen. 
Including the four in the car behind, they had only five people on their side at best; she, Queenie, was a delicate woman who couldn’t do anything rough. 
The other party had more than twenty people on their side, though! 
Just as Queenie was thinking about it, she saw Nora open the door on the driver’s side. She kicked the military boots she was wearing against the ground and then rolled up her sleeves. In an indifferent voice, she declared, “You have been surrounded. Surrender your weapons and your lives will be spared. Thank you.” 
Queenie: “”
That annoying and exasperating little appearance of hers was simply too much! 
The other party: “” 
The other party was stunned when they heard her. 
They looked behind them, where they confirmed that only four people had gotten off the second car. 
As for their car, only one person had gotten out. 
So, the four people at the back and one person in front had “surrounded” more than 20 of them?! 
What a joke! 
Their leader quickly recovered. He ordered, “Go! Except for Queenie, leave no one else 
alive!” 
After he spoke, ten people walked toward the car behind while the other dozen or so approached where Queenie was. 
The dozen or so people walking over took aim at Nora. Just as they were about to shoot, Nora did a tuck-and-roll on the spot and avoided their attack! 
With just the tuck-and-roll, she came right up to them. 
Then, she immediately threw a punch at the leader of the pack! 
Bang! 
The man’s jaw was dislocated at once and he was thrown backward.
At the sight, the person next to him hurriedly lifted his gun. 
Bang! 
With a sideways turn from Nora, the bullet bypassed her, hitting the hitman behind her in between his eyebrows. 
Seeing this, their boss, who had been knocked away, hastily shouted, “No, don’t use your guns! B-beat up that woman inshtead!” He couldn’t even speak clearly anymore. In close combat, guns were a burden. 
However, Nora was not only nimble but also physically strong. She gave everyone a kick each as they fought at close range. Before they could even put away their guns and take out their daggers, she had already taken them out one by one. 
The four people at the back wanted to help Nora out after they finished taking out the ten opponents who had charged over, but when they looked over, they instead saw all of them collapsed on the ground all bruised and battered, kneeling and begging for mercy. 
Black Cat had obviously gone on a rampage. 
Nora, whose physique was thin and frail, had a black cat mask on her face. The woman dressed in a camouflage outfit held a submachine gun that she had confiscated from the enemy, pointed the muzzle at the people on the ground, and asked sassily, “Tell me, who sent you”
###Chapter 934
The people on the ground kept quiet. 
All of them were professional mercenaries, so they definitely weren’t allowed to reveal their employer. Besides, they had only taken the job for money; to be honest, they might not even know their employer’s true identity themselves. 
Nora pressed the muzzle against the leader’s chin and jabbed him with it. She said, “You’d best think this through. Will you talk or not?” 
The leader looked at the woman in front of him. 
He sneered and said, “I will never say anything even if you kill me! We are all people with professional ethics!” “Is that so?” 
Nora countered. She grabbed the leader by the collar and brought him straight into the lounge next to the toll booth. 
As soon as they entered, Nora saw the staff members, who were originally working there, all tied up and left by themselves inside. 
Nora quickly untied them and asked, “Can I borrow this room for a while?” 
Everyone: “…” 
Yes, of course! The mercenaries who had tied them up were awfully fierce, yet that man didn’t even dare to make a peep in front of the woman right now. How would the staff members possibly dare to refuse her request? As a result, everyone went out the door obediently. 
Thud!
The door closed. 
The staff then heard Nora’s low voice coming from the room. “Will you talk?” 
“No…” 
Bam! 
Thud! 
Clang! 
Thump! 
Boom! 
After a series of thumps came from the room, the leader wept weakly and said, “I’ll talk, boohoo…” 
The woman was simply terrifying. Her torture methods were so cruel that they were inhumane! 
Was there anything these mercenaries hadn’t seen? Yet he had been browbeaten into talking! 
The sniveling leader said, “I-it’s an organization that calls themselves the ‘mysterious organization’. They gave me money! They wanted me to kidnap that woman named Queenie and take her to them!” 
The mysterious organization… 
Nora clapped her hands together. “Mm, I thought so.” … Then why are you still asking me about it? The leader thought to himself. 
As Nora exited the lounge, she saw Queenie with a frown on her face. She walked over and found that Queenie’s cell phone was ringing. Queenie looked at it-it was a string of numbers.
Though Queenie didn’t recognize the string of numbers, Nora found it familiar. Something occurred to her and she raised her brows. “Answer it, Aunt Queenie.” 
Queenie picked up the call, upon which Trueman’s voice came from the other end. “Heh, I know that you’ve taken out the people I sent. I’m going to give you an address now. Go there with the V16. I will send someone to pick you up.” 
Then, Trueman added, “You are not allowed to contact Nora, or else I won’t mind sending you a gift while I wait. For example, how does your sister’s hand sound? If I’m not wrong, she has beautiful hands…” 
Queenie balled up her fists. “I will do as you say. Don’t do anything rash.” 
“No problem.” After Trueman gave her an address, he hung up. 
Nora was about to get in the car when her cell phone suddenly rang. When she took it out and looked at it, she found that it was Trueman, who had just been on the phone with Queenie, calling. 
Nora: “?” 
She glanced at Queenie and then answered the phone. At once, she heard Trueman’s deep laughter as he said, “How do you feel now? I told you to watch out for Queenie, didn’t I? So, both V16s are gone now, right? Do you still want to save Xander? My offer still stands: if you accept me as your master, I’ll consider giving you one of the V16s.” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed and she hung up.
Then, she looked at the mercenaries’ leader and ordered, “You, tie them up.” 
As a result… 
When Brenda led the SWAT team over half an hour later, they saw the staff members standing outside, shaking like leaves. 
All the mercenaries had been securely tied up and they were all squatted on the floor in the room. When Brenda arrived, the group of them felt like they had just seen their savior. 
Brenda found their leader and immediately asked, “Tell me, what’s going on?” 
The leader, who was in tears, replied, “We just accepted a job to pick up Queenie Schmidt but a woman wearing a black mask beat us up and then trapped us here. A man also came after her and beat us up again. Boohoo…” 
He had even lost quite a few teeth! 
vas 
Brenda was surprised by what he said. She asked, “Are you saying that in addition to Queenie Schmidt’s bodyguards, another man had come? Who was he?” 
The leader continued to cry as he replied, “I-I don’t know either. He only asked me where Queenie Schmidt and the others had gone… I didn’t know where they went, so he beat me up…” 
The leader felt terribly aggrieved! 
Because he really didn’t know the answer! 
Brenda broke into a frown.
She was aware that Queenie had stolen the V16 and absconded with it because the incident had caused a huge uproar in the underworld. Of course, the people in the underworld didn’t know that it was the V16 that she’d stolen; they only knew that it was something valuable. 
However, Brenda was perceptive enough to realize that she must have stolen the V16. In that case, since she had sought mercenaries on the black market to protect and escort her, Barbarian would definitely catch wind of it. 
Barbarian would definitely come for her. 
Thus, Brenda had immediately led her men on a search for Queenie in the city. 
Initially, they didn’t have any information, but someone had made a police report about an armed conflict involving multiple parties at the expressway toll gate. When she received the news, she immediately realized what was going on and hurried over. 
But the problem was: who was the man who had shown up after Queenie and her party left, and interrogated the mercenaries’ leader? 
Was it Barbarian?
###Chapter 935
Chapter 935 A Male Stranger 
At the thought of this, Brenda took her elite troops and chased after him. 
The leader was stunned. “Y-You’re not taking us with you?” 
The leader really did not want to be tortured anymore. If someone came over, they might get tortured again. It was the same for the second person and for Brenda. When she saw him earlier, she had beaten him up without a word before letting him speak. Why didn’t she ask him if he would confess first? 
At this moment, being captured and imprisoned was better than being here! 
“Oh, you’re not under our jurisdiction. Someone will come and arrest you later.” 
The leader: … 
The group of people was left tied and gagged as Brenda left with her team. They squatted in the small room and waited for an entire hour before the local police arrived. 
When the police officer saw them, he punched and kicked them again. “Behave!” 
The leader: … We are very obedient, okay?! 
On the other side, Nora was not driving fast. Queenie did not urge her, either. The two of them drove leisurely on the highway and looked at the scenery on both sides. 
Queenie’s alcoholism kicked in again. She took out a wine glass and was about to secretly pour some when Nora reached out and snatched it back. “Stop drinking.”
Queenie looked at the wine bottle eagerly and smacked her lips. “So what if I drink some? You didn’t nag me so much in the past. Why now? After finding out that I’m a traitor, you’re starting to torture me?” 
Nora said helplessly, “You didn’t have cancer in the past, either.” Queenie was taken aback. 
She smiled again. “Don’t tell me you’re planning to treat me? I don’t know of any medicine that can treat cancer. Don’t waste your energy…” “If I don’t try, how would I know?” Nora replied. She placed the bottle on her side and out of Queenie’s reach. She grabbed the steering wheel again and looked ahead. 
She suddenly asked, “Aunt Queenie, what do you want to eat?” 
Queenie: “… Aren’t you changing the topic too quickly? I want to eat pasta.” 
“Okay, let’s go eat.” 
Nora stopped the car at the next rest area on the highway. The two of them entered a restaurant. 
After Nora entered, she looked at the menu on the wall first. 
This was Switzerland, and it was really rare to see such a restaurant in the resting area. However, the dishes overseas had also improved. Most of them were pastries and so on, and there were even some exotic condiments available. 
Looking at those dishes, Nora lost her appetite. 
She did not like desserts. 
As she was thinking, she saw Queenie suddenly taking out a thick stack of money and throwing it at the boss. “Lend me your kitchen.”
The boss: “?” 
The boss looked at the stack of money and his eyes lit up. “Okay, okay. You can go in!” 
Nora followed behind Queenie and entered the kitchen. 
Queenie rolled up her sleeves and found some flour. A little while later, they had two bowls of handmade pasta. Nora’s eyes lit up when she saw the steaming hot pasta. 
Ever since coming to Switzerland a while ago, she had rarely eaten pasta. She picked up a spoon and was about to eat… 
However, her hand was hit by Queenie. “What’s the hurry? You need a fork!” Nora: “… There are no forks here!” As soon as she finished speaking, she saw Queenie rummage through her small bag again. She found two forks and handed one to her. 
Nora took the fork and was about to eat when she was stopped. 
Nora: “… What is it now?” 
“You have to add some pepper flakes and parsley to the pasta.” 
Nora looked around. “Where are they?” 
Queenie lowered her head again and rummaged through her small bag. She took out a small bottle of pepper flakes and found some chopped parsley nearby. 
Nora: “…” 
SO.
Queenie slowly shook her hand and added some into both bowls. The smell of fresh garnish made her taste buds bloom. 
Nora did not touch her fork but looked at Queenie. “Can I eat now?” 
Queenie: “Yes.” 
Nora: “…” 
Queenie took a bite first. It tasted very good. She looked up and saw Nora putting down her fork. 
Queenie asked hesitantly, “What’s wrong?” 
However, Nora said calmly, “Later, I have to deal with someone first.” 
With that, she walked to the corner of the restaurant. There, a man was sitting with his back to them. The man was wearing ordinary clothes and a cap. 
Nora came directly behind him and said, “You’ve followed us all the way. Do you want to get a bowl of handmade pasta too?” 
As soon as she said this, she pressed down on his shoulder. 
Was this person sent by the mysterious organization?
###Chapter 936
The man’s body froze up as soon as Nora pressed down on his shoulders. 
After hearing her words, he could only slowly turn around and smile. “Hi, Anti. Long time no see!” 
The man’s familiar face was still white. His thin figure was wearing a black shirt and looked clean. He was Solo, whom she had not seen in a long time. 
Nora smiled. “Yes, long time no see.” 
Seeing her like this, Solo asked, “When, when did you realize I was following you?” 
“From the moment you caught up with us.” 
Solo: “…” 
Nora said in disdain again, “But you were driving too slow. You’re so stupid.” 
She had to drive slowly too. Otherwise, she was really afraid that he would lose her. 
Solo: “…” 
He knew it. Nora had always been very fierce when driving, but she drove slowly just now and even admired the scenery. So that’s how it was. 
Solo scratched his head. Nora simply turned around and returned to the table, beside Queenie. 
Solo hurried over. “Anti, can you do me a favor?” 
Nora picked up her fork again and took a bite. Then, she looked at Queenie. “Delicious.” 
Queenie was already eating. She nodded and said, “Your mother taught me this.”
Nora was taken aback. 
After taking two bites, she realized that there was an egg under the pasta. 
She took another bite and heard Queenie say, “I grew up in the mysterious organization. No one had ever taught me how to cook. Your mother taught me for two days back then, saying that I should cook for her children in the future.” 
She lowered her eyes. “But after your mother’s death, I never made it again. Fortunately, this pasta tastes okay. By the way, your mother had asked me to pass you a message.” “What is it?” Nora asked. 
She looked at Nora. “Remember the taste of this bowl of pasta. This is Mom’s smell.” 
Her mother’s smell… 
Nora lowered her head and looked at the pasta on the plate. She suddenly felt that the overly bland pasta smelled much better. 
Solo was a little anxious as he watched the two of them eat. “Anti, did you hear me? Can you do me a favor?” 
Nora still ignored him and just focused on finishing the bowl. 
Then, she looked up at him. “No.” 
Solo was instantly anxious. “I haven’t said anything yet, and you’re already saying no. Do you know what I want you to help me with?” 
Nora: “In short, I can’t.”
With that, she looked at the time. “Brenda and the others have almost caught up. Wait for them here!” 
She and Queenie stood up. 
The two of them walked out. When they reached the door, Solo asked, “Anti, can you really bear to see Brenny and I love each other but not be able to get together?” 
Nora paused. 
Solo lowered his head, looking like an abandoned child with a wronged look. “I’ve been thinking about it for a long time. Back then, I caused the death of Brenny’s comrade. Although I’m not the mastermind, the only way they can forgive me is if I catch or kill Barbarian myself! I’ll avenge her comrade!” 
He rushed to Nora. “So, take me along! I know that Barbarian will definitely come back to look for you.” 
Nora glanced at him a few times and sighed silently. “You’re too weak.” 
“I know. I know I can’t compare to you in martial arts and I can’t compare to you in terms of hacking. But take me with you. Who knows what use I might have?” 
His eyes turned red. “At the very least, I’m not afraid of death. I can risk my life.” 
This was why Nora would not bring him along. 
Solo was determined to take revenge. If he was with Brenda, he would definitely act recklessly if he really saw Barbarian. If Nora could not beat him, she could still grab Queenie and un… 
However, if she brought Solo too, he would lose his life in vain. 
Nora shook her head. She was about to speak when Queenie suddenly said, “Bring him along.”
These words stunned Nora. 
Queenie sighed. “There are too many lovers in this world separated by life and death. Sometimes, death is more of a relief than being apart.”
###Chapter 937
Chapter 937 First Love 
Nora broke into a frown. She disagreed with her statement. 
Life should matter more than anything else. 
Even if Solo came along with them to capture Barbarian, someone like him wouldn’t be of any use at all. If she brought him along, he would really just be throwing his life away. 
Nora retorted, “As if you’ve ever been in love.” 
The next moment, Queenie gave her a smack on the head. 
Nora was taken aback. 
Queenie hadn’t put a lot of force into the smack. Also, Nora clearly could have dodged it, but she didn’t. 
As for Queenie, she looked at her hand and suddenly broke into a grin. She said, “This is for your mom. Your mom once asked, ‘Is there any child who has never been disciplined by their parents?’, and told me to smack you once on her behalf. Now that I have, even if I drop dead, i’ll have something to say when I meet your mother.” 
Nora: “…” 
She felt that Queenie was doing it on purpose, deliberately using her mother’s identity to take advantage of her, but she didn’t have any proof. 
Queenie then asked, “Who says I’ve never been in love?” 
Nora asked curiously, “You have? With whom?”
“Heh, who says being in love must always involve another person?” 
When Solo saw that Nora did not refuse his request, he started following behind the two of them obediently. When he heard Queenie’s response, he immediately remarked in surprise, “I didn’t expect you to be so narcissistic, Mdm. Schmidt. Are you actually in love with yourself?” 
Queenie: “…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. 
The trio got into the car and returned to the highway. Nora asked, “Who were you secretly in love with? Does he know?” 
If she wasn’t dating someone, then there was only one explanation-it was unrequited love. 
Nora was really curious about Queenie’s romantic history. 
Queenie smiled. “He doesn’t, but there’s also a chance that he does.” 
By then, Solo had also realized what she meant. He asked, “Didn’t you confess?” 
“No, I didn’t.” 
Queenie said, “If I do, I’m afraid that we won’t even be friends anymore.” 
Solo: “?” 
He immediately realized something. “The person you’re in love with must be your best friend’s husband, right?” 
Queenie raised her eyebrows but did not deny
it. 
Solo said with great respect, “There are so many women who steal their best friends’ husbands, but for your best friend’s sake, you actually suppressed your feelings. That’s really admirable of you!” 
Nora’s mind, though, was already starting to wander. 
Queenie was a loner. 
She made friends everywhere when she was doing business, but Nora had been with her all this time during the past five years. She hadn’t seen any friend of hers that could be considered close. 
In the midst of Nora’s curiosity, Queenie said, “Someone is coming after us again.” 
Her words interrupted the trio’s conversation. 
Solo hurriedly pressed himself against the backseat window and looked behind him. “Where are they?” 
Nora also looked over through the rearview mirror. 
The people in the car following them at the back were allies; there were about four mercenaries in there. 
Behind them were a few other cars that all seemed normal. 
There was only one car behaving abnormally. It moved at a moderate speed and followed after the few of them. 
When Nora deliberately sped up, their allies’ vehicle followed suit and caught up to them. So did the other car.
When Nora slowed down, their allies’ vehicle followed suit again and slowed down while the black car also reduced its speed. The signs that it was tailing them were too telltale. 
The strange thing about them, though, was that even when Nora slowed down, they still showed no intention to overtake or stop them. “Black Cat, we have confirmed that there is only one person in the car tailing us.” One of Nora’s subordinates conveyed the message to her through her Bluetooth headset. 
Nora frowned. 
Why was there someone following them again? 
When Solo was tailing them, she had deliberately stopped for a meal to catch him. So, who was this guy? 
If it were Barbarian, he would definitely find a way to intercept them for the V16. After all, by the time they reach the agreed-upon meeting spot, the mysterious organization would have people lying in ambush there, so it wouldn’t be convenient for Barbarian to rob them of the V16. 
But if it was the mysterious organization, they definitely wouldn’t send just one person. 
By sending only one person to fight against the five of them, were they courting death? 
Nora took a deep breath. 
Screech! 
She suddenly stopped the car in the emergency lane and spoke into the headset. “You guys keep going.” 
Their car didn’t stop, slowing down and moving ahead of them, instead.
The car following the two cars braked instantly and stopped on the road a short distance away. As the stop was too sudden, the car behind it almost ran into it. 
The driver hurriedly turned the steering wheel and went around the other car from the next lane. Then, he rolled down the window and broke into a rant, after which he flipped the other driver the middle finger, expressing his extreme rage. 
Nora: “…” 
She could clearly feel the person inside the car hesitating. In the end, they drove over in resignation. 
The door opened, and a familiar figure stepped out… 
The man hadn’t fully recovered from his injuries yet, and even the bruises on his face hadn’t yet faded. He limped a little when he walked, but this didn’t affect his elegant demeanor. 
He gave the glasses he was wearing a push. Then, with a bit of a wary look on his face, he slowly said, “You’ve discovered me.” The man turned out to be… Caleb Gray!
###Chapter 938
Chapter 938 Barbarian Is Here!!! 
Nora frowned and subconsciously took two steps back to stand behind Queenie. Her identity as Black Cat hadn’t yet been publicly revealed. Though Caleb was an ally, one fewer person being aware would still mean a lower risk of exposure. 
Queenie, who understood her intention, immediately asked, “Who are you?” 
At the question, Caleb stayed silent for a long while. A moment later, he sighed and replied, “I’m Caleb. I wonder if Nora has ever mentioned my name to you?” 
He deliberately brought up Nora to create a sense of familiarity between the two. 
Queenie subconsciously glanced at Nora. 
After all, Nora had never mentioned the man before. 
However, she quickly realized that her gaze wasn’t right, so she hurriedly retracted it. She lowered her gaze and replied dispassionately, “Yeah, she has.” 
“Really?” 
Caleb’s eyes lit up, and a touch of a smile appeared on his mild countenance. He asked, “What did she say about me?” “…” The corners of Queenie’s spasmed a little, and she thought to herself, This is clearly someone who has fallen prey to Nora’s charms. She changed the subject and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
At the question, a troubled look appeared on Caleb’s face. After a moment of hesitation, he nevertheless said, “I am from the mysterious organization. Aren’t you handing over the V16 to the mysterious organization today? Trueman told me to follow you till you go through with
it.” 
Queenie narrowed her eyes. She didn’t like anyone from the mysterious organization. She let out a scornful laugh and said, “So, your feelings for Nora must also be fake?” 
“No, it’s not. I didn’t, I…” Caleb wanted to explain, but he didn’t know how to. In the end, he heaved a small sigh and instead said, “Never mind. Let’s just go.” 
After speaking, he returned to his car. 
Queenie looked at Nora. 
Nora stood where she was in contemplation. 
A minute later, the cell phone in her pocket beeped. 
She lowered her head and picked it up. When she glanced at it, she found that it was a message from Morris in the United States: ‘Caleb just tipped us off about the location of Queenie’s deal with the mysterious organization. We have already deployed people to intercept them!’ 
Although Caleb worked for Trueman, Morris from the special department had convinced him to defect a long time ago. 
He was currently their spy in the mysterious organization. 
Trueman trusted him, so he’d gotten him to carry out the deal. 
Informing Morris about it meant that Caleb was still performing his duty as their spy. 
To be honest, neither Morris nor Brenda trusted him very much.
After all, Caleb had worked for Trueman for so many years. If he hadn’t been arrested the other time, he probably wouldn’t have betrayed Trueman. One could consider this incident a test of his loyalty. 
Nora put away her cell phone and then nodded to Queenie to indicate that he was credible enough. Only then did Nora return to the car. 
Just as she was about to drive off, someone knocked on the rear window. 
The trio in the car turned their heads to see Caleb standing at the side. He said, “Let me ride along with you! I have something to say to Mdm. Schmidt.” 
When Nora glanced at the side, she found that the man had parked his car in the emergency lane. 
Moreover, he limped when he walked, indicating that his injuries hadn’t completely healed yet. It was very dangerous for him to drive in this condition. 
Nora pressed the car lock button. Caleb opened the rear door and sat in the backseat. 
Solo shifted inwards a little. 
The two had never met, so they didn’t know each other. However, Caleb assumed he was Queenie’s bodyguard, so he didn’t say much to him. 
The group resumed their journey. Soon, they caught up with the car of bodyguards that was driving slowly ahead waiting for them. The two cars drove side by side, protecting each other. 
Nora was in a constant state of vigilance about their surroundings. 
News of Queenie stealing the V16s to hand them over to the mysterious organization had already been out for a very long time. There was no doubt that Barbarian had caught wind of the news. In that case, he would definitely come after them.
While they were moving along, Caleb suddenly said, “Mdm. Schmidt, you have always treated Nora very well. Aren’t you afraid that she would be saddened by your betrayal?” Queenie: “?” 
She glanced at Nora and then withdrew her gaze. In an impassive and somewhat chilly voice, she replied, “I was a member of the mysterious organization from the start. I was just hiding by her side, that’s all. There is nothing to be sad about.” 
Caleb frowned. “Nobody’s a saint; how can anyone possibly be that heartless?! Even a cold hard stone would be warmed after five years in one’s bosom. Besides, I’ve heard Nora mention before that she admires you very much. Deep down, she sees you as her mother.” 
When Queenie heard this, she didn’t look at anyone around her. 
In fact, she even turned her head away slightly and looked out the window as she asked, “Really? Then she sure has misjudged me. What about you, though? Does she know that you’re a member of the mysterious organization?” 
Caleb fell silent at once. “She knows. I’ve never lied to her. Mdm. Schmidt, are you really going to hand over the V16? Why won’t you leave one for Xander? You should know that he needs the serum very much! If you leave him one, Nora might not hate you as much.” 
Nora listened to their conversation as she drove. 
Was Caleb planning to persuade her aunt for her? 
It was probably going to be a waste of time, though. 
Sure enough, Queenie kept her gaze fixed in the distance. She said, “My master’s message to me is that he wants both the serums. Why would I bring only one?”. 
She sneered and looked back at Caleb. “Do you believe me when I say that if you continue any further, I’ll relay our conversation to my master?” 
Caleb shut up. But after a moment of silence, he spoke again. “You are wary of me, but you didn’t relay the conversation to them immediately. This shows that you do have feelings for Nora. In that case, why bother doing this?” 
Queenie sneered and said, “I don’t know who you are, nor do I know whose side you are on, but I’m going to tell you this: don’t waste your breath. I’m not going to betray the mysterious organization. My family is still in their hands…” 
Caleb became anxious when he heard this. He said, “I can help you rescue your family, I—” 
But before he could finish, Queenie scoffed and said, “You? Who do you think you are? Are you Trueman? Or are you very powerful? If you could rescue my family, why would you be the mysterious organization’s lackey? I told you, if you spout any more nonsense, I will tell my master what you said. You should know very well what your outcome would be when that happens!” Caleb fell silent. 
After a while, he sighed. 
It was at this moment that Queenie’s cell phone suddenly rang. She glanced at it and then answered the call, putting the phone on speaker. “Hello.” 
“Hah, you should have met my subordinate by now, right?” 
Queenie glanced at Caleb and replied, “Yes.” 
“Okay. Hand the V16 to Caleb now! He will guard the V16 the whole way there!” 
As soon as he said that, Queenie’s pupils shrank.
Nora frowned. 
Through the rearview mirror, she looked at Caleb, who was sitting in the backseat. His eyes were widened and he also seemed awfully surprised, but a brief moment later, he thought of something and heaved a silent sigh. Trueman trusted Caleb very much all along. This must also put Caleb under a lot of pressure, right? 
After all, he had betrayed his best friend, who was also someone he had grown up with. 
Nora did not say anything. 
Caleb, however, suddenly thought of something. He clenched his fists and suddenly said, “Give me the V16!” 
Queenie didn’t want to. She said, “Why should I? What if the mysterious organization doesn’t free my parents and sister after you take the V16?” 
On the phone, Trueman sneered and said, “Do you believe me when I say that I will kill your parents and younger sister immediately if you don’t give it to him?” 
Queenie instantly fell silent. 
As for Caleb, he picked up his cell phone and secretly sent a text message to someone. 
Nora’s phone vibrated. With her back to Caleb, she secretly took out her cell phone, where she saw that Caleb had sent the message to her. 
It read: ‘I am with Queenie right now. Black Cat is protecting her along with a few other bodyguards at the moment. Black Cat is very strong, but I am trying to get my hands on the V16. If I can trick
Queenie, I will find a way to get out of the car after I get the V16. You must be chasing after Queenie right now, right? When the time comes, coordinate with me and take the V16 away.’ 
Nora: “…” 
She knew it was odd that Caleb would take the initiative to demand the V16. As it turned out, it was for her sake. 
She put one hand on the steering wheel and used her other hand to secretly reply to the text message: ‘I am following you guys nearby. It’d be too obvious if you give me the V16 after getting it. Aren’t you afraid that Trueman would see through you?’ 
Caleb then replied: ‘I don’t have long to live anymore. If the V16 falls into Trueman’s hands, it will be very difficult for you to get it back for Xander. We’ll just go with this. I will find a way to get the V16.’ 
Solo’s voice suddenly rang out in the car. “Hey, who are you texting? Is it Trueman?” 
Hearing this, Caleb put his cell phone aside and replied, “No.” 
After speaking, he looked at Queenie. When he was about to speak, Queenie sneered and said, “If you kill my parents and sister, I will have the car turn around and take the V16 back immediately.” 
Trueman: “…” 
With that, it became a deadlock. 
Trueman kept quiet for a long while. In the end, he hung up the phone. 
At the back, Caleb sighed and said, “Now that you’ve made him mad, your family is definitely going to be in for some suffering.” 
Queenie didn’t say anything.
Caleb then said, “Or how about you give me one of the V16s and we guard them separately? I can contact Trueman immediately and put in a good word for you to ease the tension between you two.” 
But when he said that, Queenie instead sneered and said, “No, that’s not necessary. Suffering a little is still better than dying.” 
Then, she stared straight ahead of her and said, “Your master must have told you to pick me up because he is right there in front, right? After all, it’s already time for his injection. To avoid giving rise to potential problems, he must have come in person.” Caleb sighed. “I don’t know.” 
He had only just spoken when there was a sudden turn of events! 
The car stopped abruptly, and the few talking in the car lurched forward. Solo’s head even rammed into the seat in front of him. 
Queenie fared a little better since she had her seat belt fastened. 
Caleb reacted very quickly, propping his hands against the seat in front of him to stabilize himself. 
The three of them looked at Nora in unison. 
Solo opened his mouth to complain. “Do you know how to dri…” 
Before the word “drive” could fully leave his mouth, he noticed the other three all looking ahead of them. 
Thus, Solo also looked over. 
Only then did he realize that a huge rock was obstructing their way. It occupied both lanes, preventing the car from going forward! 
On top of the huge rock stood a man.
The man was tall and well-built. He wore bulletproof clothing that protected the vital parts of his body, and his whole body brimmed with strength. 
It was Barbarian! 
The moment he saw him, Solo’s eyes turned red.
###Chapter 939
Both cars stopped. 
Nora narrowed her eyes and opened the car door to get out. 
She looked ahead. 
Barbarian did not wear a mask or a hat this time. It seemed like after his identity was exposed, he no longer felt any need to hide. He had only covered his face in the past because he was afraid that the Queen would see him, right? Nora was in deep thought when she heard Queenie’s voice. “Barbarian, the Queen has been looking for you. Does she know you’ve come here to stop me today? If she does, guess how she would feel?” 
These words made Barbarian clench his fists. 
His gaze became sharp, his eyes filled with hostility and anger. He said slowly, “I’ve thought about it a lot these past two days.” 
It was inconvenient for Nora to speak. She was afraid that she would be recognized. 
It was not that she was afraid of Barbarian recognizing her, but that if the people from the mysterious organization recognized her, Trueman would no longer come to the agreed location. They would be unable to capture Trueman, and it would affect Queenie’s plan. 
Therefore, she remained silent. Queenie leaned against the car and asked, “Oh? Please enlighten me.” 
Barbarian said calmly, “I’ve killed people for so long, but she never knew about it. This time, she found out only because I was at your house.” 
Barbarian’s eyes gradually turned red. The muscles in his entire body seemed to swell with his anger. “So, all of this is because of
you!” 
“Queenie, if not for what happened with the Queen, I might have only snatched V16 away and let you live. But now, you… have to die!” 
He had been moving around the Queen for the past two days, wanting to get closer to her. When no one was beside the Queen, he darted into her room. He had wanted to explain things to the Queen, although he did not know what he wanted to explain. 
However, when he entered the room, the Queen suddenly took out a gun from under the pillow and aimed it at him. 
The Queen’s eyes were very cold. 
It was as if she was looking at an enemy. 
Barbarian was stunned. He explained, “It’s 
me!” 
He felt that it must be because the Queen could not see him in the dark. 
However, the Queen said coldly, “I know. I’ve been waiting for you.” 
Barbarian was silent for a long time. “You can’t hit me.” 
His agile body could dodge any bullet. 
“I know,” the Queen continued. “But this is my decision. I can not reconcile with a murderer like you! If you’re here to kill me, I won’t give up easily!” Barbarian was stunned. He did not expect the Queen to
think that he was going to kill her. How could he kill her? 
He would use his life to protect her! But at that moment, the Queen’s words hit him harder than a bullet, they directly hit his heart. 
It made his heart wrinkle and ache until it felt stuffy. 
It was also at that moment that he realized that he and the Queen could never go back. 
The queen was no longer his princess. 
When he thought of this, Barbarian felt so painful that he thought there really was no point in living. However, he still wanted the V16 because he wanted to live. Even if he could not protect the Queen openly, he wanted to stay by her side for the rest of his life. 
The Queen did not shoot that night. 
Barbarian left her room silently. 
He and the Queen had reached this stage because of Queenie! It was all because Nora had exposed him! 
Therefore, he wanted to kill everyone! 
With the V16, he would become even more powerful. He could kill these people to take revenge! A strand of killing intent emanated from his body. 
Queenie frowned and took a step back to hide behind the car. 
When Solo saw Barbarian, his body had already trembled beyond recognition. He suppressed the anger and fear in his heart and pushed open the car door. He took out the gun hidden at his waist. His
hand was still trembling, but his voice was filled with excitement. “You came at the right time. I’m going to kill you!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he took the initiative to attack Barbarian! 
Bang! A gunshot rang out, opening the curtains to the battle! 
The moment Nora saw Solo attack, she waved her hand and the people around her surrounded them. 
Today, Barbarian had to die!
###Chapter 940
How could Solo’s bullet hit Barbarian? 
He slithered like a snake and avoided all the bullets coming at him. He rushed to a few mercenaries at an extremely fast speed and neatly put them down! 
Then, he looked at Queenie. “Heh, is this all your people can do? If it were Nora and Justin, they could still take a few moves from me, but these people… are too weak! Queenie, die!” 
With that, he walked towards Queenie. 
Nora walked out from behind Queenie and stood in front of her. 
Queenie grabbed her sleeve. “You’re not his match. Move aside.” 
Nora shook her head. 
Queenie gritted her teeth and shouted at the surroundings, “Aren’t you coming out yet? If you don’t come out, I’ll give the V16 to Barbarian!” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned and looked at Queenie. 
Queenie did not look at her and continued to stare at her surroundings as she shouted, “I know you’re worried about me, so you would definitely get someone to follow me! You won’t come to the agreed place, right?” 
Through these words, Nora suddenly realized that Queenie was calling someone from the mysterious organization!
In other words, she was shouting at Trueman?! 
Nora stopped in her tracks silently and stood beside Queenie. 
When Barbarian heard Queenie shout, he sneered. “Even if you call fifty or a hundred people over, so what?” 
With his current physique, was he afraid of a mere hundred people? 
Taking the general’s head among thousands of troops was a simple task for the current Barbarian! 
However, at this moment, the buzzing of a few cars suddenly came from afar. 
Immediately, four to five black Land Rovers buzzed as they drove over from all directions. 
There were dirt roads on both sides of the highway. 
These off-road vehicles drove valiantly on the dirt roads, stirring up waves of dust. However, they did not care. They rushed straight for Queenie and Barbarian. 
Screech! 
The cars stopped and surrounded the group of people. Immediately, five to six strong men in black jumped out of each car. 
At the end, a minivan quietly drove over. 
The car door opened and a man in a suit got out.
The man was tall and slender. He was wearing a pair of sunglasses and a top hat, looking a little European. He came to the few of them and smiled sharply. “Queenie, long time no see.” 
This voice… 
It was Trueman?! 
Nora’s eyes widened suddenly and she looked at the man. 
This was because he was wearing a hat and sunglasses. One could not see his looks, but they could see that he was tall and slender. His lips were tilted and curled up slightly, giving him a sinister stature. 
She had known Trueman for so long and he was the most familiar stranger. 
Although they were familiar with each other, the two of them had fought for many rounds. 
However, they were still strangers. 
Because Nora had never seen Trueman. 
Now, Trueman had finally appeared? 
She was even a little excited. 
Currently, there were only two people threatening her for snatching the V16. One was Barbarian, and the other was Trueman! 
If she could capture Barbarian and Trueman here in one fell swoop… Then Xander would be safe in the future! 
Queenie stared at the man and hesitated for a moment before asking, “Trueman?”
The man smiled. “Yes, it’s me.” 
Queenie sized him up. 
Trueman continued, his strange tone making one’s heart turn cold. “After being separated for more than twenty years, I thought you had forgotten me and your family!” 
Queenie lowered her eyes. “I don’t dare to forget for a moment.” 
Trueman chuckled again. “Very good. 
His gaze landed on the metal box in Queenie’s hand. “This is the V16? Give me the gene serum and I’ll get them to let your family go.” Queenie did not move and looked at Barbarian. “Before you ask for the serum, shouldn’t you help me get rid of this person first?” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed at once. 
Was she asking them to fight amongst themselves?
###Chapter 941
Queenie’s idea was not bad. 
Barbarian was very difficult to fight. 
However, the dozens of guards brought by Trueman were definitely not simple. If they dealt with Barbarian, both sides would be injured at the least. Nora and the others could then easily detain all these people when Brenda and her team arrive on the scene! 
Nora looked at Queenie with shining eyes. 
Trueman was wearing sunglasses, so the change in his eyes could not be seen. However, the smile on his lips became even more brilliant. He turned to look at Barbarian. 
Barbarian took a step back warily. After running from the mysterious organization for so many years, Barbarian hated and feared the mysterious organization from the bottom of his heart. 
It was like the shadow of his childhood. Even if he had become stronger, he would always be a little afraid. Barbarian raised his fists in Trueman’s direction. Just as he was being vigilant, Trueman suddenly said, “I don’t have any ill intentions toward you.” 
With that, he smiled. “Back then, only five people survived the gene changing experiments. You’re one- fifth of that entire populace, how could I really kill you? Your existence is the meaning of the mysterious organization’s existence! At the very least, your existence can let humans see how powerful genetic modification can be! You’re the spokesperson for the mysterious organization’s external image.” 
When Trueman said this, their expressions changed drastically. 
Yes, that was right.
Until now, even though she knew that the mysterious organization was very powerful and not to be trifled with, Nora was still most wary of Barbarian. 
After all, the power of the mysterious organization was general. It was not substantial. However, Nora had faced Barbarian’s power first-hand! Barbarian’s genetic modification was more apparent than any intelligence or longevity gene modification! 
Barbarian was like a tall mountain standing in front of her domineeringly. It made her truly realize how imperfect human genes were, and how powerful human bodies could become with perfect human genes! 
No one could compare to Barbarian’s strength. 
Even if she and Justin worked together, they could not fight equally with him… After all, she and Justin were just normal people in this aspect, but Barbarian had already become extraordinary. 
It could be said that Barbarian’s genetic improvement was the most obvious and apparent. 
When Trueman said this, Queenie immediately looked at him. “What do you mean?”. 
Trueman smiled. “Why do you think I asked you for two gene serums?” 
Queenie looked at Barbarian in surprise. “You want to give it to him?” 
“Yes.” 
Trueman said slowly, “The mysterious organization has been buried for so long and has silently contributed so much to human society. It has to be made public. We can’t hide underground forever and be rats hated by everyone, right?” 
Queenie clenched her fists. “But you don’t have the V16!”
Trueman said casually, “It’s enough to condense all the excitement of life into 30 years. Why do you want to live so long?” Queenie found it ridiculous. “You’re improving your lifespan genes!” “Of course. The mysterious organization has to have a witness. I want to see my mysterious organization become the largest organization in the world. Of course, I have to live well. As for Barbarian, he can be my right-hand man! He will also be the spokesperson of the mysterious organization. Otherwise, won’t I be lonely for the rest of my life?”. 
After improving his genes, his lifespan would naturally increase. 
Although he did not know how long Barbarian could live, Trueman had drawn a huge picture for him! 
Barbarian was simple-minded. When he heard this, his guard against Trueman indeed dropped a little. There was even excitement in his eyes. 
If…If the mysterious organization was really made public and was accepted, could the people he had killed in the past be ignored? 
Could he… return to the Queen again? 
When he thought of this, Barbarian said, “Okay, I’ll cooperate with you!” As long as he could return to the Queen’s side and protect her… So what if he has to work with the organization that he used to hate? He was willing to do so!
###Chapter 942
Chapter 942 Nora Was Not to Be Trifled with Either! 
After the two sides reached an agreement, the threat to Queenie and Nora instantly became greater. 
At least at this moment, Queenie’s eyes became sharp. 
She looked ahead silently. 
Trueman said, “Since I’ve already reached an agreement with Barbarian and now have his support, Queenie, the deal will be held here!” 
He reached out to Queenie. “Tell your people to stand down and give the serum to me. Then, your mission will be completed!” 
Queenie stared at him silently. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
At this moment, the phone in her pocket vibrated. She looked down and saw that it was a message from Trueman. 
Nora frowned and glanced at Trueman before looking at her phone. 
She saw the content: “I’ve got two gene serums, little servant. I plan to give the other one to Barbarian. Are you sure you don’t want to fight for it?” 
“If you call me master now and promise to listen to me in the future, I might be able to help you keep one.” 
Nora: “…”
This meant that Trueman did not know that she was there at all! The cold mask on her face covered her mocking lips and eyes. 
Trueman was playing around. From this message, it was obvious that Trueman did not plan to give the other gene serum to Barbarian at all. He was clearly using Barbarian! 
Just as Nora thought of this, Queenie sneered. “I can give this to you, but let go of my family first.” 
Trueman sneered, but he did not flare-up. His voice was very calm, and it was sharp and arrogant. “… Queenie, you really don’t understand the situation. You’re the one begging me now! I’m not the one begging you! Hand over the serum and I’ll give your family a chance to live…” 
Queenie took a deep breath. “You…!” She looked directly at Barbarian. “Barbarian, do you see that? Trueman has never been one to keep his word! Do you really believe him when he says he will help you?!” 
When Barbarian heard this, he looked at Trueman hesitantly. Trueman smiled and said slowly, “Barbarian, she’s clearly trying to drive a wedge between 
us.” 
“Is that so?” Queenie asked. “The three of us are bad people. There’s animosity between us. In that case, Barbarian, do you believe him so easily? You helped him get the V16. Are you sure he’ll give you the other V16?” 
Barbarian was simple-minded and could not think of much logic. 
On the other hand, Trueman sneered. “Queenie, you’re really refusing a toast only to drink a forfeit. In that case, don’t blame me for being rude!”
With that, he waved his hand and the people behind him immediately rushed forward. 
Nora kept blocking in front of Queenie. Just as Trueman was about to rush over, the masked mercenaries who had come with Nora also jumped forward! 
Dozens of people fought four, but the four of them were not at a disadvantage. 
One especially stood out among them. He was wearing a black mask and had extremely strong arms. He hit Trueman so hard that he could not get up for a moment. 
Trueman looked at Barbarian. “Barbarian! If we don’t deal with this person, none of us will get the V16!” 
When Barbarian heard this, he jumped into the ring as well. 
The addition of Barbarian instantly placed pressure on the four of them, and they quickly fell into a disadvantageous position!! 
Nora frowned and was a little anxious. 
Of course, she had chosen the four of them. She had called over all her fellow disciples in the country. However, even when they combined their strength, they were as powerless as children in front of Barbarian. 
Thud! 
One of them quickly fell to the ground and his mask was sent flying. It was none other than Quinn School of Martial Arts’ senior disciple, Lucas. 
After he fell to the ground, the other three seemed to be unable to withstand it. 
Nora observed them.
It had only been a month since they last met, but Barbarian’s skills were now stronger than what she had seen in New York! 
However, since she had guessed that she would encounter Barbarian here, how could she not come prepared?! 
Although Barbarian was powerful, Nora was not someone to be trifled with, either!
###Chapter 943
Nora lowered her eyes and slowly walked out from behind Queenie. 
She reached toward her waist with both hands, pulled out a pair of daggers, and swiftly joined the battle. 
With her joining in, Barbarian didn’t have it that easy anymore, especially when Nora had so much physical strength. She struck at Barbarian with all her might. 
Barbarian ducked, but Solo rushed up from behind him and shot at him indiscriminately. 
Barbarian: “!” 
Though Solo didn’t pose much of a threat, his chaotic gunshots surprisingly stopped Barbarian from advancing for a while. 
Solo was holding a submachine gun. He fired away desperately as he went forward. 
Nora was also moving forward. Soon, she reached Barbarian again. 
Solo bombarded the area in front of him, making rows and rows of bullet trails in the ground and swirling dust all about… 
Nora took the opportunity to sneak behind Barbarian and plunged one of her daggers at his heart. 
Though Barbarian dodged the attack nimbly, he was still stabbed in the arm by Nora. 
His expression instantly turned savage and his movements became even more ruthless. 
Nora was about to attack him when she suddenly heard Queenie cry out in shock.
Nora’s head whipped behind her to see that someone from the mysterious organization had bypassed them to come up to Queenie, who was dodging the attacks quickly. 
But how would Queenie possibly be a match for a killer when she wasn’t trained in martial arts? 
Nora hurriedly pulled back, came right up to Queenie, and kicked the man away! 
However, because she had stabbed Barbarian, it brought out the beast in him as he flew into a rage. Seeing her dashing toward Queenie, he charged right over and threw a punch at Nora’s head before she could react. 
“Look out!” 
When Queenie was crying out, Nora’s sixth sense had already detected the approaching danger. She turned her head and evaded Barbarian’s punch. 
However! 
She was still too slow! 
Barbarian’s fist struck her mask. 
Thud! 
The mask fell. 
Her visage appeared in front of everyone. 
Both Barbarian and Trueman were a little taken aback to see her.
Even Caleb, who was beside the few of them, was stunned. 
No one had expected Queenie’s bodyguard to be Nora! 
Everyone looked at her in astonishment. 
Barbarian was the first to react. “It’s you? I’m going to kill you!” 
If it wasn’t for Nora, the Queen wouldn’t have found out about the things he had done! Originally, Queenie was the only one he could kill, but now that Nora had brought herself right to his doorstep, Barbarian’s killing intent soared! Caleb was the second to recover. There was neither sadness nor joy on his face. He merely frowned and said, “Why are you here?! It’s dangerous, so hurry and get back here!” Nora smiled at Caleb, but the next moment, she got into a brawl with Barbarian! 
Trueman glared at Queenie. “You actually betrayed us? Have you abandoned your family?” 
Queenie didn’t say anything. 
The other three people came toward them at this point, encircling Barbarian with Nora and attacking him together. This finally eased the pressure on Nora a little. 
“Kill Queenie Schmidt!” 
Trueman shouted angrily. 
Another person rushed over to attack Queenie. 
Nora could only leave Barbarian to the other three and turn back to protect Queenie behind her. 
When she was about to move, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her back.
Nora’s pupils shrank. She wanted to look behind her, but she found herself unable to move. 
Queenie slowly came up to her side and murmured, “I’m sorry, Nora.”
###Chapter 944
Chapter 944 Reversal!! 
Queenie tossed the syringe in her hand onto the ground. “This is a muscle relaxer. It will immobilize you for five minutes. Everything will be fine in five minutes.” 
After speaking, she walked forward. 
Nora suddenly called out to her. “Aunt Queenie.” 
Queenie paused. 
Nora didn’t move, but she said, “Cherry misses you very much.” 
Queenie was taken aback. 
She hadn’t expected Nora to say something like that at a time like this. 
She clenched her fists. 
After a while, she smiled bitterly and said, “Tell her to take it that I’m already dead.” 
After speaking, she strode forward and raised her hands. “Everybody, stop!” 
The three people that Nora had brought with her would definitely obey Nora’s instructions, so when they heard Queenie, they looked at Nora again. Seeing that she wasn’t moving, they also stopped. Barbarian and Trueman’s men also slowly came to a stop. 
Trueman looked at Queenie. “Have you come round to the idea?” 
Queenie sneered. “Rather than having you take the V16 from me and still failing to save my family, I might as well just give it to you now. I’ll take a gamble on whether your character is credible or not.
Also, I want to explain that Nora and I are not in this together. I was also threatened by her!” 
When Trueman heard this, he glanced at Nora and suddenly grinned. “Nora, you didn’t expect to be betrayed by the person closest to you, did you? Hahaha!” 
Then, he looked at Queenie and said with a smile, “At least you know what’s good for you!” 
Queenie picked up the V16 and walked toward Trueman slowly. “Don’t blame me for hesitating. After all, our agreement has always only been a verbal one. You have never given me any way to guarantee that I won’t lose out.” 
Trueman nodded and picked up his cell phone. “I can give my men a call and tell them to let your family go right away.” Queenie lowered her head and sneered, “Do you think I’m stupid? Even if you let them go, the moment something doesn’t go your way, you will capture them again to threaten me. After all, hasn’t my family been living under your surveillance all these years? What’s the difference between their current state and captivity? They will never be free!” Trueman raised his eyebrows. “Then what do you want?” 
Queenie looked at him fixedly. “I want freedom — real freedom, and to not be your puppet. I want my family freed from your surveillance in the future…” 
At this point, Queenie’s voice died down to a whisper. “But I’m too weak. Even if you do make me such a promise now, what can I do?” 
An amused Trueman replied, “Yes, so what’s the point of you saying all these things? Are the weak qualified enough to negotiate with me?” 
Queenie sighed silently.
She took a few steps toward Trueman again. By then, she was very close to Trueman. And she was a great distance away from Nora… 
She took off the V16 case that had been hanging across her shoulder the whole time. She looked at it and suddenly smiled mockingly. “Will you really give the other V16 to Barbarian?” As soon as she said that, Trueman’s expression suddenly changed greatly. He finally understood now! 
Queenie was only saying all that useless nonsense just now to let Barbarian realize that he was not qualified to negotiate with him! 
Once the V16 fell into his hands, it would be very tough for Barbarian to take it from him. 
Therefore, he must act now! 
Trueman abruptly turned his head to see that, sure enough, Barbarian kicked away the people next to him and came straight for the two of them. 
Trueman’s pupils shrank abruptly and he subconsciously took hold of the V16 case! 
Just as he grabbed the case, as expected of someone with genetic modifications, Barbarian quickly caught up to them and grabbed the other end of the case. 
Barbarian yanked hard at it but did not manage to pull it over. 
It seemed that he hadn’t expected Trueman to have so much physical strength. 
Barbarian narrowed his eyes. “Are you really going to go back on your word?” 
Trueman narrowed his eyes. “No, I’ve never thought of going back on it. Let go…” 
“No, give me one of the serums now!”
While the two were arguing, neither noticed Queenie suddenly taking off the black overcoat she was wearing. She shouted, “Neither of you is going to take it with you!” 
As soon as she spoke, Trueman and Barbarian both turned their heads and looked over in unison to see that Queenie had planted several mini bombs all over herself!!!
###Chapter 945
Queenie had been wearing a black overcoat the whole time. No one could have thought that there would be rows of bombs under her clothes! 
When she took off her coat, Trueman and Barbarian’s expressions changed greatly. 
Both wanted to get away from her immediately… 
But the V16 was right here. They couldn’t bear to throw the V16 away at all! 
Trueman shouted, “Let go!” 
But Barbarian said, “You let go! I can dodge the bombs!” 
Because of the conflict, they missed their chance to escape immediately. 
“I’d advise you not to move!” Queenie yelled angrily, drowning out the two men’s voices. “These are bombs that go off instantly! Once I press the switch, the bombs will explode immediately! No matter how fast you are, you won’t be able to escape!” 
As soon as she said that, people around her started to rush toward her! 
“Don’t move! If you dare take another step forward, I will detonate the bombs immediately!” 
Queenie shouted. A panicked Trueman immediately shouted, “Stay away!” 
None of the bodyguards dared to take another step forward. 
Trueman looked at Queenie. “Are you sick of living?” 
Queenie sneered, “I’ve never thought of surviving. Besides, I was always supposed to die in your plan anyway, isn’t that right?”
The smile at the corners of Trueman’s lips disappeared and he roared, “Are you going to abandon your family too?” 
“My family?” 
Queenie scoffed again. “They are just the ones who gave birth to me. They have never cared about me. Are they worthy of being called my family?” 
Back then, she had escaped from the mysterious organization and returned home. 
But in the end, she was sent back by her family! 
All just because her family did not dare to offend the mysterious organization! 
She had been in the mysterious organization since the day she was born… She had long been abandoned by her so-called family! 
Trueman was stunned. “Didn’t you work for the mysterious organization all these years because of your family?” “Is that so?” 
Queenie was still smiling. “If I didn’t make you think that way, do you think I would have been able to live such a peaceful and stable life? Family… There’s only one person I consider family, and that is Yvette!” 
At this point, Caleb finally realized something. “So, you weren’t under the mysterious organization’s threat at all? The reason why you pretended to be was just to kill two birds with one stone?!” Queenie didn’t answer him, but neither did she turn her head to the back to look at Nora. 
Nora stood where she was.
She looked at Queenie with her eyes a little red and called out, “Aunt Queenie…” 
She knew that Queenie would never betray her. 
She had always known that!! 
She clenched her fists, trying to break free of the shackles that the tranquilizer had cast on her, but so long as time wasn’t up, she couldn’t move… 
She could only call out, “Aunt Queenie.” 
“Don’t call me by that name.” Queenie turned her back to her. “I don’t deserve it. I was born as someone shrouded in darkness; it was your mother who brought me into the light. I’ve just been living on behalf of your mother all these years, that’s all! 
“Nora, I have already lived enough.” 
Queenie slowly said, “You must have already seen my medical report. I don’t have long to live anymore. But before I die, if I can take away these two major threats for you, such that you are safe for the rest of your life, then that’s enough for me.” Trueman yelled furiously, “Queenie Schmidt, you traitor! Traitor!” 
After shouting, he said to Barbarian again, “Let 
go!” 
But Barbarian stubbornly held on to the thermal insulation case tightly. 
Running away at this point would mean death, whereas there was still a chance of survival if he didn’t! He would never let go!
Barbarian, who wanted to take the V16, frowned. He even thought of attacking Trueman… 
However, Caleb, who was next to them, suddenly thought of something. He shouted, “You mustn’t press the switch! If you blow them up, the V16 will be gone! Without the V16, Xander will die!” 
But after he shouted that, he suddenly understood something… 
He had a sudden realization. “The V16 is fake!” 
As soon as he spoke, Trueman and Barbarian also realized the same thing. The two released their grip on the case at the same time to escape. 
However… 
“It’s too late… Hahahaha! Having these two come with me, such that Nora won’t have anything to worry about anymore, is the only thing that I can do for you as your younger sister, Yvette!” 
Queenie shouted. Before Trueman and Barbarian could escape, she quickly pressed the switch!
###Chapter 946
Chapter 946 Trump Card!! 
Queenie had a tragic and heroic look on her face. 
She had led a turbulent life, and life in the mysterious organization had been no better than death. 
If she hadn’t been taken away by Yvette, she would still be struggling in that hellhole. 
She thought back to how Yvette had introduced her to everyone in NTT after freeing her from the mysterious organization. How she had given her a new identity and treated her so well. 
She had brought her along to brew wine and to cook… 
Yvette had even once laughed and said, “In the future, you can make this pasta dish for my daughter and tell her that this is what Mom’s love tastes like.” 
She had been cracking a joke at the time. 
Queenie retorted, “Can’t you do it yourself?” 
“I would still be recovering after giving birth. How am I supposed to cook?” 
Yvette rebutted confidently. 
Yvette was like the sun, always having a positive influence on the people around her and putting everyone at ease. 
But such a Yvette gradually unsettled Queenie. 
After all, she was a spy for the mysterious organization!
Yvette had clearly brought her out from the mysterious organization. She wasn’t supposed to treat her this well. 
The young girl felt terribly uneasy for a long time. At last, she couldn’t help but go to her and confess her identity. 
What Queenie had thought at that time was: “When she realizes that I am not a good person, would she drive me away?” 
She mentally prepared herself to be driven back to the mysterious organization. 
But unexpectedly, Yvette smiled and replied, “I’m aware of that!” 
Queenie was stunned. 
Yvette patted her head. “I’ve known for a long time. What are you thinking so much about it for, though? It wasn’t easy for you to escape from that place. Just do whatever makes you happy.” 
Queenie asked in surprise, “Aren’t you afraid that I will betray you? Even now, I still don’t know what mission the mysterious organization has planned for me. All I know is that they want me to stay by your side.” 
Yvette laughed even more heartily. “That’s why I say that the mysterious organization doesn’t understand anything. People develop feelings for one another by spending time. Besides, if you weren’t threatened by them, would you have been able to escape? It’s fine; if there does come a day when you choose to betray me, at least our many years of friendship would still be real.” 
It was just a shame that, at the time, Yvette had thought that she still had many years to spend with her. 
Until one day, a troubled Yvette suddenly approached her to bid farewell. “I wanted to spend another few years with you so that we could come even closer, but that’s not possible anymore. I’m going back
to the States.” At the time, Queenie had replied without hesitation, “I’ll go back to the States with you.” 
“No, you stay here. NTT needs you more.” 
Yvette smiled and added, “It’s too dangerous in the States.” 
At that time, she didn’t know that Yvette was returning to the States to hide from the mysterious organization… It was only if Yvette returned to the States, successfully set up everything, and prevented the mysterious organization from getting what they wanted that Queenie and Nora would have a chance of survival. 
Only then would it give NTT the chance to grow and develop. 
And only then would they be able to grow up safely. 
Yvette had used her life to save everyone. 
Queenie had only been with her for half a year. 
A year later, she finally received a call from Yvette. “Hey kid, I have given birth to a daughter.” 
Queenie was stunned. 
Yvette then said, “I told her that she has an aunt living abroad. You have to help me take care of her, okay?” 
Yvette had spoken in a very relaxed tone, so it hadn’t occurred to Queenie at all that she might be dying soon. She merely smiled sweetly and said, “Sure, Yvette. When are you coming back?” 
“Coming back?” 
Yvette chuckled softly and said, “Kiddo, I can’t come back anymore.
“I’m leaving my child to you.” 
Queenie had been stunned then. At last, she understood that Yvette was calling to entrust her soon-to- be-orphaned child to her. She shouted, “Get back here, Yvette! Get back here at once! We can face everything together! If you… if you dare let anything happen to you, I will hand over your daughter to the mysterious organization!” 
“So, you’ve learned to threaten people, huh? It’s a pity that you won’t be able to threaten me anymore. Kiddo, I’ve never regretted knowing you. Go down your own path from now on.” 
After saying that, before she hung up the phone, Yvette added softly, “Be happy!” She had led a very happy life. Every single day she had spent alive during the last twenty-odd years had been a bonus. 
She should have died in the mysterious organization long ago… It was Yvette who had pointed at her when they were in the mysterious organization back then and said, “I like this kid a lot. She’s very much to my taste. Give her to me, I’ll make her my younger sister.” 
Only then had the mysterious organization let her go. So, how could she possibly betray Yvette? 
Yvette, I’m coming to you soon. 
Queenie said to herself inwardly. She closed her eyes and quietly waited for the bomb to explode. But… 
There was complete silence in the air. 
One could only hear the sound of Barbarian and Trueman throwing themselves onto the ground after they both fled. Queenie was confused.
She suddenly opened her eyes to see that everybody around her had dispersed and fled in all directions. Some even threw themselves onto the ground and held their heads. 
But… the bombs on her didn’t go off. 
Queenie: “” 
Everyone: “!!!” 
Time seemed to have stopped at this moment. No one knew what was going on, and they all looked at Queenie. 
Queenie touched the bombs on her body again. 
She frowned. Why didn’t they go off? 
Were they duds? 
Surely she wasn’t that unlucky, right?! 
She had even bought the most advanced bombs on the market, so how could they possibly be duds?! 
Queenie hesitated for a moment. Suddenly, she recalled that when she took Nora to the pasta restaurant earlier that day, Nora had kept circling around her while she was making the pasta. 
She had said that she was helping her with the cooking, but in fact, she had done nothing. 
Queenie suddenly turned back to look at Nora. Her voice quivered as she asked, “I-it’s you?” 
“Yeah.” 
Five minutes had passed.
Nora was able to move again. She moved her numb arms and legs and then looked at Queenie. Her eyes were a little red as she said, “I dismantled all the bombs.” 
Queenie: “…” 
No wonder! 
No wonder she had come after her and said that she wanted to accompany her on the final leg of her life even after knowing that she had betrayed her! 
As it turned out, she had seen through her plans! 
She asked, “When did you realize?” 
Nora replied, “You’ve always been vain and fond of wearing red. When I saw you wearing a fully black outfit this time, I immediately found it strange. Since you were about to die, you would definitely dress yourself up beautifully. Also, you seemed to have… gained weight.” 
Queenie: “?” 
She had been wearing loose red clothing the whole time previously just to prevent people from seeing what her figure was like. She had also only drunk a bit of wine each day and skipped her meals just to shave another few inches off her waist. 
This time, with the bombs tied to her body and the black clothes, her figure had been highlighted even further. Not only did she not look swollen, but her figure even looked just right! 
Nora only suspected that she had planted bombs on herself because she felt that she had gained weight? 
Queenie’s lip corners spasmed.
Nora was about to speak again when Trueman and Barbarian at the side realized that they had been tricked. The two immediately got up furiously. 
Trueman pointed at them. “Nora Smith, the two of you must have a death wish!” “A death wish?” Nora quickly walked up to Queenie to prevent the people around her, who had thrown themselves onto the ground, from rushing over to beat her up. She looked at Trueman. “Is this all you had for a trump card?” 
Trueman was taken aback. “What?” Nora lowered her eyes, the corners of her lips curling upward slightly. Her smile was arrogant and brazen as she declared, “Since you have shown me your trump card, it’s time that I show you mine too. None of you are getting away today!”
###Chapter 947
Chapter 947 Cornered! 
After speaking, Nora pressed her hand against her ear and whispered to the person on the other end of the communications channel, “Come on out.” 
As soon as she spoke, clouds of dust suddenly appeared around the highway and several off-road vehicles started racing toward them. 
The sight of dozens of cars coming from all directions was simply spectacular. It was as if there were thousands and thousands of troops all around, raising fear in people. 
Everyone present looked at them in shock. 
Screech! 
The cars stopped nearby and surrounded Trueman and Barbarian. 
One of the car doors opened before the car had even stopped. It was an old man with a gray beard dressed in a white training outfit. His clothes were thin, yet despite how the weather was still transitioning to spring, the old man was not cold at all. On the contrary, he was in a thundering rage as he complained, “The car went too fast! Nora, don’t ever make me ride in that car again in the future!” 
If someone from the United States was here, they would recognize him right away–he was Quinn!! A grandmaster of martial arts was here! As soon as Quinn spoke, another car door opened and an elegant and refined elderly man got out of it. The elderly man’s hair was black and well-groomed. If not for his wrinkles and his calm eyes, it would be impossible for one to tell his age. 
The moment he got out of the car, he smiled and said, “Quinn, you still haven’t done anything about your motion sickness even after so many years? The dignified and powerful grandmaster of the Quinn
School of Martial Arts with an extraordinary physical constitution is prone to motion sickness… I doubt anyone would believe it if they heard of it, no?” 
As soon as Quinn heard him, he straightened his body immediately and retorted, “You devious old scumbag, how dare you laugh at me? What’s wrong with having motion sickness? Who made it a rule that the physically fit are not allowed to have motion sickness? My disciple has told me that motion sickness has something to do with the ear. It’s too complicated, so I can’t really explain it either. I bet a devious old scumbag like you doesn’t understand either, right?” 
That’s right, the person talking to Quinn was none other than the grandmaster of the Irvin School of Martial Arts, Irvin himself! He was also the one who had taught martial arts to Justin! 
The Quinn and Irvin duo made up the most powerful martial arts force in the current world. 
In order to take out Barbarian and Trueman, Nora and Justin, who were determined to take them out in one blow today, had exhausted nearly all their manpower and resources this time! 
SOU 
At the sight of the duo, Trueman knew at once that he wouldn’t be able to escape. His pupils shrank and he shouted, “Nora, you actually managed to get those two here… You sure have invested a lot into this! But so what even if you have? Do you know who the one backing up the mysterious organization is? I’ll tell you this: even those two won’t be able to do anything to 
me!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “Oh? So, who exactly did the mysterious organization rely on to get to where they are? The British royal family? But the Queen has never once supported you!”
“The royal family is just a cover!” Trueman stared hard at Nora. “Do you really think you can fight against the mysterious organization by yourself? The mysterious organization is King’s! Do you know who King is? He’s part of the Imperial League! If you dare to do anything to me, King will definitely hunt you down!” 
King? 
Nora was taken aback. 
While she was thinking, a calm and steady voice reached them. “How come I’m not aware that Imperial League is the one backing up the mysterious organization?” Following these words, a big and tall man wearing an iconic black mask walked out slowly from behind the crowd. 
The moment he appeared, the whole place fell silent! 
King! 
He was the real King! 
He was actually here! 
It seemed that Trueman hadn’t expected Nora to gain King’s support either. He widened his eyes and looked at King in disbelief. He shouted, “T-this is impossible… Mr. King, why would you cooperate with her? Don’t you want the gene serum anymore? But you have been investing in the mysterious organization all this time! Oh, I get it now… You’ve become attracted to that woman’s looks too, right? I don’t get it. Why are all of you in love with her? She already has three children! And her fiancé is even dead because of her. Oh, by the way, her fiancé was Justin Hunt!”
###Chapter 948
Chapter 948 Fight! 
The moment Trueman said that, Nora raised her eyebrows. 
She looked at Justin. 
There were a lot of people here today. Though they were all their own men, Justin likely still wouldn’t want to expose his identity as King. Therefore, he wouldn’t take off his mask to slap Trueman in the face. 
But… When Trueman mentioned “Justin Hunt”, wasn’t he exactly referring to him? So, why was he suddenly clenching his fists? Even the veins on the back of his hands were bulging! 
Just as Nora was puzzled, she heard Justin grit his teeth and ask, “Too’? ‘All of you’? Who else is in love with her?” 
Nora: “” 
Was this really the time to be pursuing such matters? 
Why was that man missing the point? Shouldn’t they hurry up, catch all of them, and then clean up the mess so that she could go back home to sleep?! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little. Then, she noticed that Trueman had immediately shut up and stopped talking. 
She gave a wave and ordered, “Go!”
At her command, the people around them immediately swarmed forward and attacked Trueman and Barbarian. 
Trueman had brought dozens of men from the mysterious organization. Though all of them had consumed the gene serum, they were not comparable to Barbarian, who was already at the V15 stage. Although they were skilled fighters, they were still no match for the Quinn School of Martial Arts and Irvin School of Martial Arts disciples who had been practicing martial arts since they were children. 
Moreover, in order to ensure that they would catch them, Nora had summoned a lot of people this time! 
As a result, Trueman and his cronies quickly found themselves at a disadvantage. 
Seeing that his subordinates were being taken out one by one, Trueman retreated to where Barbarian was and said, “Go! Get me out of here and I’ll help you get the V16!” 
Although the two had just fought for the V16, they hadn’t fallen out with each other. 
Besides, if he took Trueman out with him, Barbarian would also gain his assistance and wouldn’t be as isolated and helpless as he currently was. 
Thus, Barbarian agreed at once. He stepped forward and immediately took out the few people walking toward Trueman. Not only did Barbarian have immense physical strength, but his movements were also nimble. He disrupted the attack from Nora’s men with sheer brute force. 
Along the way, he even made an opening in the encirclement so that he could escape with Trueman. 
Barbarian charged forward while Trueman followed right behind him.
Nora frowned. However, before she could say anything, the two grandmasters of the martial arts circle, Quinn and Irvin, were already standing in Barbarian’s way. They said to the nearby disciples who were planning to rush forward again, “Stand back. Let me see what he’s made of.” 
As a result, the battlefield was split into two areas. 
One was where Trueman’s men were being crushed by Nora’s men. The other was where Quinn, Irvin, Nora, and Justin’s showdown with Barbarian was about to take place. 
Despite facing the four standing at the apex of martial arts, Barbarian was fearless. He looked straight at them and spat. Then, he asked, “Which one of you will go first? Or are you going to come at me all at once instead?” 
If Nora and Justin teamed up, they could fend off either Quinn or Irvin, but the duo simply couldn’t beat Barbarian. 
But in Nora’s opinion, the four of them were already the best in the range of an ordinary person’s martial arts capability. If they still couldn’t beat Barbarian, then one could only say that Barbarian was fated to survive. 
These were all the trump cards she had. 
While she was thinking, Quinn took a step forward. “I will go first.” 
After he spoke, Quinn drew a line across the ground with his foot. The Quinn School of Martial Arts focused on physical strength, his foot had left a deep mark on the ground. Then, Quinn immediately threw a punch at Barbarian!
###Chapter 949
Chapter 949 His Defeat Is Set In Stone! 
Quinn’s punch was fierce and incredibly forceful! 
If the punch struck an ordinary person, their bones would definitely break and they would probably die. 
Nora had once taken a full blow from him, and even she had been pushed back several steps. 
Quinn had been studying martial arts all his life. He poured all of his efforts into learning how to increase his strength, and how to unleash all of his power in an instant. 
Yet in the face of such a punch, Barbarian neither ducked nor evaded it. In fact, he even stretched out his fist and met Quinn’s fist with his own! 
Thud! 
Their fists collided. Even the air could not escape the impact of their colliding fists, instead fully condensing in place. This was what an exchange of blows between experts was like-a single move was enough to determine the outcome! 
A muffled thump from the collision rang out, and then Quinn and Barbarian both took a couple of steps backward. 
Barbarian felt a little pain between his forefinger and his thumb. 
On the other hand, Quinn was a little pale. He sighed and said, “Martial arts are the same as a person’s genes. The apex of martial arts is nothing more than the attempt to push the human body’s potential to its limit. In a one-on-one fight, I am not as strong as him.”
Irvin finally took a step forward at this time. “Then let me go next, and see for myself whether this newly broken through human limit is stronger than the original.” 
After speaking, just as he was about to step forward, Quinn spat and said, “You devious old scumbag, you were just making me test that man’s skill before you attack him yourself, right? You’re so insidious!” 
Irvin replied, “The Irvin School of Martial Arts pursues agility and does not use clumsy parameters like physical strength to compete with another.” 
After speaking, without waiting for Quinn to fly into a rage, he moved forward with his arms held up. 
Irvin’s movements were very quick and he was very flexible. Barbarian’s fist approached, but before he could even touch Irvin’s clothes, Irvin had already ducked under his arm to go behind him, where he immediately kicked him behind the knee. 
Barbarian’s knees were hardy and strong. The blow didn’t bother him at all. 
Moreover, as Irvin’s martial arts focused on agility, he wasn’t going to be able to exert too much force in the first place. This led to Barbarian feeling like he was taking blows all over his body. Though there wasn’t much force in the blows, they were terribly annoying! 
He let out a shout and clenched both his fists. When Irvin struck him again, Barbarian clamped down on Irvin’s leg with his muscles, rendering him unable to break free. Irvin: “…” 
The sight made Quinn, who was watching from the sidelines, burst out laughing. “You devious old scumbag, I knew it, you’re the most underhanded person ever. See, it’s all over now, isn’t it? You’re such an embarrassment.” Irvin replied, “At least I managed to exchange a dozen moves with him, Quinn, unlike you who was defeated in just one.”
Barbarian sneered, “Those dozen moves were nothing more than tickles to me!” 
Quinn shouted, “You hear that? You devious old scumbag, you can’t compare to me at all!” 
Irvin replied, “It’s not that I can’t compare to you, Quinn. Rather, it’s…” 
Just like that, the two elderly men began to quarrel, which annoyed the heck out of Barbarian. He shouted furiously, “That’s enough!” 
It was almost at this exact same moment that Quinn suddenly bent over and swiftly approached him. 
Irvin grabbed Quinn’s arm, allowing Quinn to use him as leverage to spin quickly in the air and deliver a merciless kick to Barbarian’s knee! 
Quinn didn’t back off after delivering the kick. On the contrary, with the help of Irvin, he also gave Barbarian’s other knee another ruthless kick! 
He and Irvin cooperated with each other flawlessly. 
One was in charge of strength while the other was in charge of agility… 
Soon, Barbarian felt like he had been struck seven to eight times. 
By the time he recovered, both Quinn and Irvin had already retreated and put a distance of ten steps between themselves and him. 
“… Is that all you have even after teaming up?” Barbarian scoffed. 
He had only just spoken when his knees suddenly gave way. With a loud thud, Barbarian fell to his knees.
At the same time, he suddenly also lost all the strength in his elbow joints. His shoulders also seemed dislocated… His eyes widened in shock. “N-no way!” 
Irvin stroked his beard. “With enough willpower, one can achieve even the impossible. Even if your body has already reached the limit of human potential, Quinn and I have spent all our lives trying to break the limit. If we can’t break it alone, then we just have to team up.” 
In this world, no one would ever be at the top forever. 
If someone were to be, then it could only be the Quinn and Irvin duo. 
Barbarian’s defeat was set in stone!!
###Chapter 950
Chapter 950 He’s Doomed 
Barbarian collapsed onto the ground. Irvin said with a smile, “As expected, you and I are truly invincible when we team up, Quinn.” 
Quinn replied disdainfully, “Ha, don’t say that, you old devious scumbag. Nothing good ever happens any time you pay me a compliment. I will never team up with you ever again!” 
Irvin replied, “Well, we won’t need to team up in the future anyway. The future of the Quinn School of Martial Arts and the Irvin School of Martial Arts now lies on the shoulders of the next generation! They are husband and wife, so they can team up.” 
Quinn immediately curled his lips, but when he glanced at Nora and Justin next to him, he ultimately couldn’t say anything. 
Nora looked at Barbarian and said, “Take him away.” Upon hearing her, someone took a step forward. He was about to tie up Barbarian, who was slumped on the ground, when he suddenly let out a low growl. Then, his dislocated joints suddenly returned to their original positions! 
Both Quinn and Irvin’s expressions changed when they heard the commotion. Irvin frowned and said, “He took a drug!” 
As Irvin spoke, Barbarian also stood up slowly. His shoulders shifted slightly and his joints popped back to their original positions, scaring the few people walking toward him so much that they stopped in their tracks. 
Nora frowned. “What kind of drug is it?” 
Irvin had a look of disdain all over his countenance. “A drug that’s banned in martial arts competitions. The stimulant allows you to push your limits even further within a short period of time, but using it gives
rise to endless problems and greatly damages one’s health. The use of this drug has become prohibited in martial arts tournaments during the past few 
years.” 
Nora frowned upon hearing him. 
She sneered and looked at Barbarian. “Barbarian, even if you’ve gotten back up, do you think you can escape when the two martial arts masters are here?” 
Barbarian stared at her, his left shoulder making clacking sounds as it suddenly popped back in. 
Dislocating joints and popping them back in was an extremely painful experience. Barbarian was clearly in so much pain that beads of perspiration had formed on his forehead, yet his eyes were still sharp and even more ruthless than before. 
Barbarian replied, “How would I know if I don’t try?” 
After saying this, Barbarian suddenly launched an attack! 
“Go!” 
Justin, Quinn, and Irvin rushed forward together and surrounded Barbarian. None of them dared to underestimate the enemy. 
Because Quinn had said, “Since he has taken the banned drug, his body will definitely break through its limit again, making him so strong that it’s as if he has taken the V16. He’s not to be underestimated!” 
Sure enough, Quinn and Irvin had gotten Barbarian down on his knees just now only because they had suddenly launched a surprise attack.
But now, with the four of them joining forces… Even though Barbarian didn’t have the upper hand, the four of them couldn’t take him down quickly either. 
In terms of strength, he didn’t lose out to Quinn. 
In terms of speed and agility, he was not inferior to Irvin. 
For a while, the four of them and Barbarian entered a deadlock! 
At this moment, Nora suddenly heard an exclamation. “Lucas!” 
She turned her head sharply to see that on the other side—where Trueman and the others were surrounded-Trueman’s men had been subdued one by one, leaving only Trueman. Lucas originally planned to take him down, but he did not expect the thin and seemingly weak Trueman to also be rather skilled. He slashed Lucas with a dagger and then ran straight to the car at the side! 
Nora’s pupils shrank and she subconsciously said to Justin, “Go after him!” 
Justin nodded and then turned around and went after him. Soon, he entered a scuffle with Trueman and gained the upper hand. The situation on Justin’s side was now resolved, but with one fewer person in the four-man siege, there was now an opening in the encirclement. Barbarian was indeed the strongest man in the world; he seized the opportunity that the tiny opening presented and immediately broke out of the three-man siege! 
He pushed Nora away in one blow. When Nora was retreating, she fished out a needle and stabbed it into him. However, Barbarian ignored it completely and raced toward a motorcycle at the side. Before Nora, Quinn, and Irvin could catch up to him, he had already started the motorcycle and sped off! 
Quinn wanted to go after him, but Nora stopped him and said, “There’s no need to go after him anymore.”
That silver needle was enough to kill him. 
In order to take down Barbarian, she had made full preparations. 
Then, she finally looked at Trueman, whom Justin had captured.
###Chapter 951
Chapter 951 I Don’t Have To Lie To You Ever Again 
Barbarian sped along the road on the motorcycle. 
His palms were all sweaty. 
His vision was also gradually becoming blurry. Before he came, he had considered the possibility that he might fail, so he had brought the prohibited drug with him. Once he consumed the drug, he would truly no longer be far from death. 
For ordinary people, the banned drug would only cause a little irreversible damage to the body and reduce their lifespan, but someone like him would lose even more. 
He originally had over a month’s time left to administer the V16, but because of the stimulation from the banned drug, he only had a few days left now. 
If he couldn’t get the V16 within the next few days, he would die! 
When Barbarian thought of this, he gave the throttle a forceful twist. However, sudden pain in his joints instantly wracked his body with convulsions, and he suddenly fell off the motorcycle. 
Only then did he realize that the sharp pain at his waist was slowly spreading throughout his body. 
With trembling hands, he touched his waist to find that there was a silver needle stuck there. 
He pulled out the needle. 
But when his fingers touched the needle, the skin there turned black. 
Barbarian stared blankly at his darkened skin for a while. Although he was not the brightest bulb in the box, even he understood that he was close to dying.
Since that insidious woman had set up an ambush for him here, how could she not have come prepared? 
There was no doubt that the poison she had made was incurable and took effect extremely quickly. 
Barbarian knew his body very well. Just by feeling the changes in his body, he could sense that his heart was pounding abnormally fast. 
So, the poison on the needle targeted the heart? 
He suddenly started to gasp for breath. 
He struggled to get up to walk over and pick up the motorcycle on the ground, but he stumbled and fell again. 
At this point, a car passed by on the highway. Upon seeing him, a man got out of his car and asked, “Are you alright? Do you need help?” 
The next moment, Barbarian took out a dagger and held it against the man’s neck. “Take me to….” 
An hour later. 
The car stopped in front of the largest hotel in Switzerland. 
Barbarian pushed open the car door and got out of the car in a suit. 
The man in the car was already dead. He was slumped against the steering wheel with a long bloody gash across his neck. Barbarian nimbly avoided the security guards, entered the hotel, and went straight upstairs. 
Upstairs, the Queen was discussing future state policies with other people. At this moment, a siren went off downstairs. When her guards heard the report through their earpieces, one of them shouted, “Alert! A
car with a dead body inside has been discovered downstairs! It is highly likely that the murderer is in this building!” 
After the captain of the guards spoke, the door was suddenly pushed open. Then, Barbarian appeared there against the light. 
The Queen stared at Barbarian. 
She stood up abruptly. 
She couldn’t see Barbarian’s face clearly, so she merely shouted, “Barbarian, what are you doing?” 
The captain of the guards charged toward Barbarian. 
Barbarian kicked him away and the man fell immediately. 
Then, Barbarian said, “You are too weak.” 
How could he possibly entrust the Queen to a pig-head of a captain like him?! 
He couldn’t rest assured doing so! 
He suddenly took out a serum from his waist. 
The captain of the guards panicked and yelled, “W-what are you doing?!” 
The Queen also suddenly pulled out a pistol and pointed it at Barbarian. “Stop, Barbarian! Or else I’ll shoot!” 
Barbarian looked up and grinned at her. His pearly white teeth made him look a little less gloomy and sullen than he usually was, and also gave him an air of innocence.
He didn’t obey the Queen, but ruthlessly injected the gene modification serum into the captain instead!! 
Since you are so weak, I will give you a hand… 
“Stop! Barbarian! Stop!” The Queen shouted. 
But Barbarian didn’t. After injecting the gene serum into the captain of the guards, he grabbed the deputy… He was going to inject the gene serum into all of them one by one. After all, not everybody could endure the gene serum’s side effects. 
In the event that the captain couldn’t endure it and died, there was still the deputy. If the deputy also died, there were still many other guards… He had to leave a strong and powerful bodyguard to protect the Queen on his behalf. 
Everyone around them raised their guns and pointed them at Barbarian. 
But without the Queen’s order, no one dared to shoot. After all, to the Queen, Barbarian was special. 
The Queen’s hands trembled. 
She knew Barbarian very well-in fact, she even knew why Barbarian was doing all this! But she didn’t need it! She didn’t need genetically modified guards to aid her, much less use gene serums to control them. 
People were created equal!! 
Her eyes reddened. When Barbarian injected the gene serum into the deputy, her hands suddenly stopped shaking. Her aide’s eyes also reddened and he shouted, “Your Majesty, they are all your subjects!!” 
Yes, they were all her subjects.
As the Queen, she was bound to her duty of protecting her subjects. 
Bang! 
She fired, squeezing her eyes shut as she did. When she opened them again, she realized that the gunshot had struck Barbarian in the heart. 
Barbarian froze, and he slowly turned his head to look at her. 
He exhausted the last bit of strength he had to inject the gene serum into the deputy. Then, he fell to the ground with a thud. 
His eyes were still open, and he was still looking at the Queen. 
The Queen came over with her eyes all red and squatted in front of Barbarian. 
Barbarian was shaking a little, and he was on the brink of death. He could feel his body getting colder and colder, blood was trickling out of his mouth. 
But his eyes were stubbornly fixed on the Queen. 
Only two people had been injected with the gene serum. If neither of them could endure its effects and failed to pull through, who would protect the Queen? 
Barbarian was filled with indignation. While he was thinking about it, the Queen suddenly reached her hand out to him. 
Her hand was still as warm as it was ten years ago. 
The Queen’s face also seemed to return to how she had looked when she was still a princess.
The Queen’s voice was a little choked and it trembled as she said warmly, “Don’t be scared, don’t be scared. Don’t be scared, Barbarian. It doesn’t hurt, don’t be scared. I… I’ll take you home… I told you, I’m going to keep you safe.” 
Barbarian slowly closed his eyes, and a smile appeared at the corners of his lips. 
This was wonderful. 
Your Highness, I don’t have to lie to you ever again.
###Chapter 952
Chapter 952 Aunt’s Identity and the Truth 
Although no one had yet heard about Barbarian’s death, Nora was certain that he would definitely die. 
Barbarian had killed too many people. Furthermore, he had almost killed Justin in the past. He had already become a serial killer. If he was left alive, he would only kill more people. 
Even if… Nora was touched by Barbarian’s feelings for the Queen. 
However, he was only gentle to the Queen and extremely cruel to others. Such a person did not deserve to live. 
Even if he was caught by Brenda, he could not have escaped the death sentence. 
Nora had never been one to follow the rules and regulations, and she had never been soft-hearted. If she could just poison him and get rid of a lot of unnecessary trouble, then why not? 
Therefore, she did not feel any guilt about poisoning the silver needle. 
Not long after Barbarian fled, another group of people rushed over quickly from the surroundings. The person in the lead was Brenda! 
She quickly came to Nora and asked in surprise, “Nora, why are you here?” 
She had received the news from Caleb and gone to the trading center to wait for Trueman and Queenie. However, nothing happened. It was only when a large-scale chaotic battle broke out that she realized and rushed over. 
Nora did not answer. Brenda frowned and looked around. “Where’s Barbarian?” 
“He escaped.”
Brenda said angrily, “He escaped again!” 
With that, she turned around and chased in the direction Nora had pointed out. 
Nora did not stop her. 
Barbarian would probably die on the way. It was just nice for Brenda and the others to collect his corpse. 
However, when Brenda and the others walked away, Nora turned around and looked at Solo, who was hiding behind an off-road car after Brenda appeared. “Why are you hiding?” 
Solo said, “I…” 
Before he could finish, Solo’s legs suddenly went limp and he fell to the ground. 
Nora quickly took a step forward and checked his body. Only then did she realize that a dagger had pierced through his waist! That dagger belonged to Barbarian! 
Nora frowned. 
In the chaotic battle earlier, many people were injured, but she did not expect Solo to be so seriously injured. 
She asked, “Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Solo pressed the wound on his waist, the dagger still in place. The wound stopped bleeding. He chuckled. “I didn’t want her to worry.” 
That’s why he waited for Brenda to leave before saying anything… 
Nora really did not know what to say to him. She examined Solo’s injuries and frowned. 
Solo asked nervously, “I didn’t cut anything it shouldn’t have, right?” 
Nora: “…”
Solo’s injuries were very serious, and there was no operating room here. Nora could only call a few people and send Solo to the hospital first. 
The medical standards in Switzerland could be trusted. Nora got Lily to contact the doctors in the hospital. It was completely fine to let them perform surgery on him. 
Nora did not follow over because Solo’s injuries would not endanger his life. 
She stayed and looked at Trueman. 
Trueman, who had been captured, was calm and did not look flustered at all. He even glared at Queenie. “Nora, do you really trust the people around you so much? Do you know that Queenie did this for a reason?!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. 
Queenie said, “Shut up!” 
Trueman sneered. “Why should I shut up? Why can’t I reveal your true identity? What’s wrong? Nora, you still don’t know who Queenie is, right?” 
Nora was about to speak when Trueman smiled. “How long are you going to pretend, Listener?” 
Queenie clenched her fists in anger. 
Nora looked at Queenie and saw that her eyes had suddenly become flustered. 
Trueman smiled. “The reason she helped you was to obtain the gene serum in your hand. Do you really think she’s that kind? Ha, don’t be naive! Can she give up her life for a sister she had known for just a
few months? Yvette loved her so much that she found that pianist and told everyone that she was Listener to deceive them…” 
“Shut up!” 
Queenie roared again and rushed to Trueman anxiously. She reached out and was about to slap him, but the next moment, she suddenly covered her chest. 
She turned around and spat out a mouthful of blood! 
“Queenie!” 
Nora stepped forward and held Queenie in her arms. She was very weak. She grabbed Nora’s hand and slowly said, “I… You shouldn’t have saved me. I’m going to die… I have cancer…” 
She said slowly, “Nora, I’m not as good as you think. I’m afraid of death, but I was sick. I had cancer, which was why I thought of this plan. I got rid of these two for you. You don’t have to be too touched… I have my own selfish motives. I hate the mysterious organization too. I hate Trueman…” 
Her face, which had been normal a moment ago, was turning pale at a visible pace. 
Nora looked at her, her eyes turning red. 
At this moment, Trueman suddenly smiled. “Ha, cancer? You can’t lie to me! What cancer? It’s just your physical condition before you get the V16! As long as you inject the V16, you’ll live! From the sound of it, Queenie, you’re really full of lies!” 
Trueman’s words made Queenie even more furious. She glared at Trueman, but her body was too weak. She had only lasted until now because of her belief.
She spat out another mouthful of blood. She was about to say something when Nora held her hand. “Queenie, I know everything. I understand everything.” 
Nora’s eyes turned even redder. Low and clear tears rolled down from the corners of her eyes. “You just don’t want to use the V16. You feel guilty for me and you think that you shouldn’t be alive, right? That’s why you want to die like this. You even hid your cancer from me to keep me from being sad…” 
As she spoke, her voice became a little choked, but she suppressed all her emotions. 
Queenie was taken aback. 
She did not expect Nora to be so understanding. She smiled bitterly and touched the tears on Nora’s face. “Nora, I’m not worth your tears.” 
She sighed. “You’re… too smart. I just want to leave without feeling so much pain. I don’t want to leave any pain for you… I’m going to look for my sister… Nora, don’t be sad.” 
Trueman roared with laughter. “Hahaha, Listener, you really deserved it! You deserved it! You should have died in the first place! If you died, Xander and I could take the remaining two serums! Hahaha, who asked you to lie to me? You didn’t bring the real V16. If you had, you wouldn’t have ended up like this!” 
Even if she rushed back to the manor to get the V16, it was too late!!
###Chapter 953
Chapter 953 Live! 
This was what Queenie had planned. 
She grabbed Nora’s hand. “On the dressing table in my room, there’s a button under my skincare products. It’ll open a secret closet in the room when you press it. The real V16 is in there. Nora, I’m sorry. I even lied to you…” 
Nora stared at her. “Why? Queenie, why? When I got the V16, I clearly told you that one of those two serums belonged to you!” 
Queenie’s identity was a mystery. Over the years, Nora had been guessing who she was. 
Later on, she stopped guessing and decided to let nature take its course. 
In fact, when she got the V16 her mother had left behind and realized that there were two bottles, she heaved a sigh of relief. She handed the gene serum to Queenie, hoping that if she was really one of the five people from back then, she would take one for herself. 
Nora believed that, with Queenie’s intelligence, she must have guessed her intentions. 
But why didn’t she save herself? 
She clearly knew that these two days would be her last! 
Queenie sighed. “I told you, I don’t deserve to live. It was Yvette who saved my life. I should have accompanied her when she died, but she had asked me to take care of you. Now that you’re older, you don’t need my care anymore…” 
Nora suddenly said, “Then, what if my mother wants you to stay alive?”
S were 
Queenie was stunned. Her eyes were a little hazy. “What did you say?” 
The pain gradually came from her body, making her a little stunned. 
Nora took a deep breath and took out a letter to hand to Queenie. “I found this in your secret room.” 
With that, she handed a letter to Queenie. 
Queenie looked over and realized that it was the last letter Yvette had written to her before she died. 
She had almost memorized everything written in the letter. It was just a confession, nothing else. As she was thinking, she saw Nora open the envelope. 
Inside the envelope was a line of words: 
“Queenie, the reason I entrusted my child to you was to give you a reason to live. The moment you walked out of the mysterious organization, you had already received a new life. You have to live well.” 
Queenie was stunned. 
Nora took a deep breath. “Mother has never given me much help. She only asked her teachers to teach me martial arts and medical skills, but she didn’t feel any need to find someone to protect me. She had always hoped that I could become very strong myself, so I never understood why Mother gave you the mission to protect me until I saw this letter in your room. Queenie, Mother wanted you to live, that’s why she gave you this mission. She wanted you to forget your pain with time and to really love this world!” 
The thousand children who had been used as test subjects were all innocent.
However, the children who had been tortured to death were not the most pitiful. The most pitiful were the five who had survived. 
The pain they suffered was dozens, maybe even hundreds of times more than the other children. These kids were being tested by all kinds of cold equipment in dark laboratories. This was a kind of torture in itself. 
Their hearts were twisted. 
After Barbarian escaped, he killed people crazily to take revenge on this society. 
Barbarian was pitiful. 
As for Trueman, his character was very strange. If these people wanted to live, they had to have a belief. 
Barbarian’s belief was the Queen. 
Trueman’s belief might be eternal life. 
After Spacey found her freedom, she tortured her adoptive parents and drove a wedge between them which led to them murdering each other. This was also a way to vent. 
Their personalities were dark and gloomy. 
It was like a poisonous herb that had never seen light before. It wanted to slaughter everyone to take revenge. 
Only Queenie did not do anything. This was Yvette guiding her. Her sister was saving her… Having nothing to live for could’ve become a weakness for Queenie. 
She probably would have committed suicide. Yvette might have sensed this long ago, so after freeing her from the organization and giving her a new identity, she did not leave immediately. Instead, she taught
her how to live a blissful life, wanting to save her from the darkness. 
Queenie stared at the letter in her hand as her tears suddenly started rolling down her cheeks. 
Nora said, “Queenie, think about it carefully. Can you really bear to leave? Can you bear to let go of Cherry? Can you bear to let go of Royce? Even John is so loyal to you! Can you really bear to let go?” 
Could she bear to? 
At this moment, an impulse suddenly arose in the heart of the disheartened Queenie. 
She wanted to live! She wanted to see the smiles of the people around her, wanted to see Nora’s wedding. She wanted to see Cherry grow up and meet the love of her life… 
Her eyes slowly lit up. 
Yet! 
It was too late! 
The light that had just risen in Queenie’s eyes gradually extinguished again. “Hahahaha!” Trueman laughed out loud. “Nora, you gave her a desire to live and then let her die. This is simply too cruel! You’re too 
cruel!” 
Queenie also sighed. “Nora, it’s too late.” 
“No.” 
Nora knew that Queenie finally had the will to live. Her lips slowly curled up. “Queenie, I brought the V16.”
When she said this, Trueman’s laughter instantly stopped! 
He looked at Nora in shock. “What did you 
say?”
###Chapter 954
Nora took out a bottle of V16 from her pocket. She opened the lid and took out the serum in a syringe. 
In the sunlight, her movements looked exceptionally professional and graceful. 
Queenie watched her. For some reason, she suddenly felt glad and relieved. 
Yvette, as you had wished, your child has grown into a very strong person. 
At the side, Trueman widened his eyes and looked at her in disbelief. If Barbarian had known that Nora had the real V16 with her, he would probably have risked his life to take it from her, right? 
Given Barbarian’s skills, it was more likely than not that he would be able to get it. 
Once he obtained the V16 and injected it into himself, Barbarian would have been able to break through his limit again and defeat any number of people! With that, he wouldn’t have had to die. 
So, what on earth gave Nora the guts to still bring the real V16 with her when she knew very well that they would be here? Trueman stared straight at her. As he watched Nora lift the syringe, he couldn’t help but say, “W-wait!” 
Nora didn’t listen to him. 
Trueman shouted, “Nora, there are only two doses of that gene serum in the world! Are you really going to give one to her? She’s obviously already seeking death! How can you still give it to her?! Stop what you’re doing immediately! Stop! Otherwise, you will regret it!” Trueman wanted to stop her. 
However, Trueman had already been subdued, so he couldn’t put up a fight at all. 
Nora remained indifferent to his verbal abuse. 
Just as she was about to insert the needle into Queenie’s arm, a hand suddenly grabbed her wrist.
Nora’s line of sight followed the hand, and she looked up to see Caleb standing in front of her. He frowned as he said, “Think twice about what you’re doing, Nora!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “What do you mean, Mr. Gray?” 
“Mr. Gray”… 
Nora’s form of address for him immediately became a lot more alienated. 
Caleb stared at her. “There are only two gene serums in this world. You have to understand that there may be more important people who might need you to save them. Do you really want to give her one of the serums?” 
Although NTT, the company that Queenie had founded, might seem very powerful in comparison with the Hunt Corporation and the Smith Corporation, be it in King’s eyes or the mysterious organization’s, it was insignificant. 
Queenie was just Listener, one of the five children from back then. 
Among those five children, Trueman was the young master of the mysterious organization! 
In terms of status, Trueman indeed seemed superior to the others, and on top of that, Caleb was also on good terms with him. Caleb had never tried to take the V16 for himself, yet he was stopping her at a time like this. 
Nora looked at Caleb and sneered. “Mr. Gray, I have never cared about status and whatnot. The only people I hold in my heart are my family.” 
After speaking, she shook off Caleb’s hand.
But just when she was about to inject the gene serum into Queenie, Caleb shouted again, “But you haven’t caught Trueman yet! Aren’t you afraid that he will fight Xander for the other gene serum after Queenie uses this one?!” 
Nora looked at him suddenly. “What did you 
say?” 
Caleb heaved a silent sigh. He suddenly walked up to Trueman, who was being held down, grabbed his suit jacket, and took out a voice changer from around his neck! 
The moment he took out the voice changer, “Trueman” panicked. His voice instantly changed as he said, “Caleb, what are you doing? Are you going to betray Mr. Yale?” 
“Betray Mr. Yale”.. 
Nora narrowed her eyes. She suddenly realized something. “You’re not Trueman?!” 
This whole time, she’d had a nagging feeling that the trap she had set up this time had worked too smoothly. How come she had managed to capture both Barbarian and Trueman so easily? 
As it turned out, this man was not Trueman! 
The fake Trueman immediately sneered and said, “Of course, I am not Mr. Yale. There’s no way Mr. Yale would put himself in such a dangerous situation! But I didn’t expect you to actually betray Mr. Yale, Caleb!” 
Caleb ignored him. Instead, he looked at Nora and said, “Trueman is not to be trifled with, Nora. Now that there are only two V16s left in the world, your best bet is to give one to Trueman and maintain friendly relations with the mysterious organization. If you give this gene serum to Queenie, what is your son going to do if Trueman takes the other one from
you?” 
Nora clenched her jaw. “I won’t let him!” 
But Caleb took a deep breath and said, “Are you sure? Trueman is not as simple as you think. Think about it, despite having so many clashes with him thus far, has he really suffered any losses? His power is beyond your imagination!” 
As soon as he said that, Queenie also pushed Nora’s hand away. “Nora, he is right. Although I wasn’t in the mysterious organization all these years, I have also heard that the mysterious organization’s new young master is a ruthless man who is even stronger than the previous leader. I can’t use this serum. Save it for Xander instead!”
###Chapter 955
Chapter 955 Angering Trueman! 
Nora looked at Queenie with certainty. “So, this is the true reason why you decided to sacrifice yourself, right?” 
Queenie was taken aback. 
After a while, she sighed silently. “You’ve figured it out again.” 
Previously, Yvette had hidden the truth from Queenie and helped her survive in the beginning. After the last twenty years or so, she actually didn’t seek death that much anymore. 
While she did mean all the things she did and said previously, and was also going along with what Nora wanted, in truth, it was Trueman whom Queenie was really worried about. 
Barbarian might be powerful, but he was ultimately still just a fighter who lacked intelligence. 
Trueman was the real threat! 
The mysterious organization was in possession of all the gene serums from V1 to V15-in other words, it was just a matter of time before the mysterious organization created a second Barbarian! 
Therefore, when Nora obtained two doses of the gene serum but could not use it on Xander immediately, Queenie didn’t dare to have designs on the other one anymore. 
She wanted to leave the second one to Xander, in case of an emergency. 
By bringing fake serums with her this time, firstly, she was leaving herself no way out. Secondly, she was afraid that she would not be able to outwit Trueman. Should she really end up being caught by the other party, if Nora had the serum that Trueman needed, then she could at least still negotiate with him.
The best solution that Queenie could think of was blowing up both Trueman and Barbarian with herself. 
If it failed, then at least there would still be two doses of the gene serum-one for Trueman, and one for Xander. It was not that she didn’t want to live; rather, she couldn’t! She dared not! 
She didn’t dare to risk provoking Trueman by using the gene serum, thereby leading to him taking the remaining one. If so, there wouldn’t be any left for Xander anymore! When Queenie saw how sharp and perceptive Nora was to realize her true intentions so quickly, she sighed and pushed her hand away. She said, “Nora, since you already know everything, then you should act with even more caution. I can’t use the serum. I…” 
Queenie was about to continue speaking when she suddenly felt a burst of pain, causing her to curl into a fetal position-it was the backlash from the last gene serum she had received, the V15. 
She was close to dying! 
Even so, with her other hand, Queenie held on tightly to Nora’s hand that was about to inject the serum into her. “I… won’t… take… it… Let… me… die…” 
Everyone present stared nervously at Nora. 
Caleb said, “Think about it carefully, Nora!” 
But the masked Justin, who was standing behind Nora, suddenly said, “Don’t be afraid, Nora. I am here.” 
After speaking, he reached out and patted Nora on the shoulder. 
His palm was very warm and calming, as though he could resolve anything, no matter how huge a problem Nora caused. Nora’s heart settled. 
She lowered her eyes and heaved a quiet sigh. “Okay, I won’t use it on you.” Queenie breathed a sigh of relief.
Caleb also breathed a sigh of relief. 
Even the fake Trueman was relieved. 
But the next moment, the very instant Queenie let go of Nora’s hand, Nora abruptly inserted the needle into her arm and quickly pushed down on the syringe! 
Queenie was in so much pain already that she merely felt as if an ant had bitten her shoulder, so she hadn’t realized anything yet… It was Caleb who recovered first. He stepped forward abruptly to stop Nora. “Nora!” 
But a big and tall figure blocked his way. 
Caleb looked up at the masked King and stared at him. “You…” 
“Don’t bother her.” 
Justin’s voice was very calm and steady. His eyes swept across everyone present, making them shudder. 
It only took a few moments to finish the injection. 
During the brief interruption, the V16 was fully injected into Queenie. 
Her pain gradually began to subside, and she also seemed to undergo some changes. 
no 
Queenie’s facial features looked even younger now. Despite looking very sick just now, she was positively glowing with radiance now. Even the pain from the backlash had disappeared in an instant,
easing the frown on her countenance. 
She squatted on the ground in a daze as she sensed the changes in her body in disbelief. 
Seeing her like this, Nora stretched out her hand to check her pulse. “Aunt Queenie, I would never let Xander take the serum until I confirm its efficacy. You don’t have to feel any psychological burden. I’m only giving you the serum as an experiment.” 
Despite her saying that, Queenie was no fool. 
She naturally understood that Nora was just saying that because she didn’t want her to feel guilty, especially because… once Trueman realized that she had taken the gene serum and that there was only one dose left in the world, the repercussions from Trueman would definitely be humongous. 
Nora checked Queenie’s pulse cautiously. She found that the pulse of the woman, who was so weak just a moment ago that her pulse was nearly non-existent, had regained its strength. 
She asked, “How do you feel, Aunt Queenie?” 
Queenie took in the sensations in her body and slowly replied, “I’ve become even more sensitive to sounds, and it seems like I can hear sounds of an even wider range of frequencies now. My body feels very relaxed and comfortable…” 
Queenie’s physical condition was completely normal!! 
This showed that there was no problem with the V16s that her mother had left. 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief for Queenie and Xander. 
After all, the V16s were more than twenty years old. Who could guarantee their efficacy?
Nora helped Queenie up and looked at her intently. “Let’s get in the car.” 
Queenie nodded. 
Barbarian was already dead. Though this “Trueman” was fake, Nora nevertheless still handed over the mysterious organization members to Brenda. Then, together with Justin, she took Queenie home. Caleb sighed silently and said nothing. The limping man left them and went back to the hospital for medical treatment. 
Before the fake Trueman was taken away, he shouted, “Just you wait, Nora Smith! Mr. Yale will never let you off! Wait for it! He will come for you very soon!” 
Of course Nora knew that Trueman would never give up. It was just that she didn’t think Trueman’s retaliation would come so quickly or directly. 
On the way home, she received a call from Trueman. Trueman’s voice was harsh and arrogant as he clamored. “Seems like you want to do this the hard way huh, Nora! Do you think that all your problems are solved because you now have King on your side? You are wrong! Who do you think could be behind an entity as powerful as the mysterious organization? The previous King of the UK? Is he so powerful that all countries in the world would fear him? To think you’re colluding with King! Heh, you sure are penny-wise and pound-foolish! I don’t mind telling you the truth: the mysterious organization is none other than the Imperial League! Why do you think King is getting close to you? Ha! You’re so naive, it’s unbelievable!” 
Nora glanced at Justin. “Oh? Then tell me, what is King’s ive in getting close to me?”
###Chapter 956
Chapter 956 The Truth About The Imperial League!! 
Trueman sneered and said, “For the V16, of course! The mysterious organization was founded by the Imperial League. The mysterious organization’s ultimate ive is to decipher the human DNA and achieve eternal youth and immortality!” Nora didn’t believe him. “You don’t need to sow discord between us.” 
But Trueman said, “Then how do you think the mysterious organization got their funds for the experiments when it has never involved itself in commerce? Did the money fall from the sky?” 
The mysterious organization’s experiments were simply too big and expansive. Moreover, they hired so many professionals from various fields. Their daily expenses were huge. It was true that there was no way for them to support such huge expenses without strong financial resources. 
Nora frowned. 
Seeing that she was keeping quiet, Trueman slowly said, “Heh, I don’t mind telling you the truth-the mysterious organization was created by the Imperial League itself! Do you think King is a young man? He has already aged! He wants to live forever! He doesn’t want to die! He has also taken all those gene serums that were injected into me! They are just waiting for the V16 now!” 
Aged? 
Nora glanced at Justin again. 
Justin stretched out his finger and put it against his lips, motioning to Nora not to reveal his identity. 
Although Nora didn’t understand what was going on, she continued to listen to Trueman.
“You don’t believe me? Then I’ll tell you thismy father is none other than King! He fathered dozens of children back then to experiment with. I was the only one who survived. He also injected himself with the gene serums, so he’s waiting for the V16 to save his own life! He is even scarier than me, yet you would rather trust him over me?” Nora: “” 
Justin was even more confused than she was. 
When did he father a son who was already this old? 
As the two looked at each other, Trueman sneered and said, “But… Heh, under my leadership, the mysterious organization has long since broken away from his control. Even if I get the V16, I won’t give it to him! Because he is the devil! The devil himself! He’s scum!” 
Trueman became rather agitated. Toward the end, Trueman even said, “I’m not going to give him the V16 anymore. The ‘King’ with you now is definitely fake. I know the real King all too well. You’d best be careful and not let him fool 
you!” 
Then, Trueman grinned and added, “You’re welcome.” 
As soon as he said that, Trueman hung up. 
After he hung up the phone, Nora finally looked at Justin and asked, “What’s going on?” Justin took off his mask. 
Everyone in the car at the moment was one of their own. Queenie had also found out Justin’s true identity and was also looking at him curiously at the moment. 
Justin sighed silently and replied, “The old King he mentioned is my maternal grandfather.” 
Nora: “?”
Maternal grandfather? 
Come to think of it, she had never met Iris’s family before. 
But wasn’t Iris from an ordinary family? Nora remembered that her family had forced her to marry Justin’s father by threatening her with her sick mother… 
When she thought of that, Nora suddenly thought of her own situation, and she suddenly realized something. She looked at Justin, upon which Justin, as expected, said, “My mom’s father was not an Evans. I only found out about this when I was fifteen years old. The Imperial League had suddenly approached me at that time.” 
Justin would never forget that day. 
At the age of fifteen, he hadn’t yet taken over the Hunt Corporation and was being suppressed by his uncle Raymond. He remembered everything very clearly. 
That day, Raymond mocked him for being a penniless lad and ridiculed him by saying that without his parents, he didn’t have anything to his name at all. He had told him that, without the Hunts’ support, he was nothing but trash that didn’t have even a single cent. 
At that time, the Hunt Corporation was being restructured. Raymond had used his connections to thwart his attempts at taking out loans from the bank. Without any start-up capital, he couldn’t do any of the projects he wanted to do. 
He indeed couldn’t borrow even a single cent from the bank. He had left the house furiously at the time. But the next moment, King’s servant found him. The servant took him straight to the elderly King. King was indeed very old, he looked about eighty or ninety years old. He stared at Justin for a long time before he finally cast his eyes down and said, “Alright, you’re the one then.”
Justin didn’t understand what he was talking about, but the servant said, “Sir said that you will inherit the mantle of King in the Imperial League.” 
Justin: “?” 
After speaking, the servant took out a bank card and handed it to him. “This is your pocket money. Give it some thought, Master Hunt.” 
When Justin checked the balance on the bank card after the two had left, he found that there were several million dollars inside. 
He was astounded. 
No matter how rich the Hunts were, they weren’t going to give a child millions of dollars as pocket money so casually. A few million dollars were enough to act as the company’s entire working capital! 
It was not until later when he took over the Imperial League that he realized just how rich this mysterious family was. A few million dollars were nothing more than just a drop in the bucket. 
As Queenie listened to Justin’s explanation, she asked curiously, “Was your mother unaware of this all this time?” 
Justin nodded. “Yeah. Grandpa had passed away a long time ago, so I didn’t tell Mom about it. She has always thought that she is a child of the Evanses. She has already cut off ties with her family for my sake, so the Evanses have also been behaving themselves all these 
years.” 
A curious Nora asked, “Why did the old King choose you?” 
The mantle of ‘King’ was reserved for the leader of the Imperial League since its inception.
The code names in the alliance did not change. Some of them had already been around for hundreds of years. In the past, when cell phones didn’t yet exist, they had used letters to transmit information to one another. 
As such, the code names were passed down from generation to generation. 
At the question, Justin stayed silent for a while before he finally said, “I was also very curious about it at that time. Moreover, everything went by in a flash after he chose me. The second time I saw that servant was when my grandfather passed away. He came to me with all of the Imperial League’s confidential documents and told me to take over the Imperial League.” 
At that time, Justin was only 18 years old! 
It was only when he later investigated the matter that he found that the old King did not have many children left in the world. Iris was his only surviving daughter. 
Justin was also his one and only blood relative left in the world. 
Because of this, Justin had even secretly reached out to his maternal grandmother, in other words, Iris’s mother. 
His grandmother was already in poor health at that time, and she told him the truth on her deathbed. 
As it turned out, his grandmother had been kidnapped in her youth. She, together with a group of beautiful women, had been imprisoned in a room, and a king-like man had kept them in captivity. 
His grandmother found out that every time one of these women gave birth to a child, the child would be taken away never to be returned. 
Thus, she looked for an opportunity to escape.
The pregnant women then married into the Evanses and gave birth to Iris… 
“At that time, I even wondered, ‘Since the old King is so perverted and likes fathering children so much, how could he possibly not have more children?’ Where exactly did all those children go? But now, I finally know the answer.” 
Justin said solemnly, “All of them had been sent away as experimental subjects for the genetic experiments.” 
Nora frowned. 
They were already conducting experiments during Iris’s generation? 
It seemed that the gene serum’s research and development had started even earlier than she had anticipated! 
Justin frowned and then said, “No wonder the old butler has been keeping one of the Imperial League’s ledgers from me all this time. Now that I think about it, the amount in that ledger must have gone to supporting the mysterious organization.” 
He was puzzled. “It’s just that… I thought all of his sons were dead, but if Trueman is still alive, why did he choose me as his heir?” 
Nora said slowly, “I may know the reason for that.”
###Chapter 957
Chapter 957 The Neglected Truth 
Justin looked at her. 
Nora was silent for a moment before sighing silently. “It should be because you’re a normal person.” 
How ironic. 
The old man had been pursuing immortality his entire life and had created the mysterious organization to develop the gene serum. However, the research could not be completed successfully in the end. He did not dare to hand such a big empire like the Imperial League to his only son, Trueman. 
All his children had died in the gene serum experiments, so he did not have absolute trust in Trueman. 
Instead, Justin became his last heir. 
Justin also understood this logic. 
If he had handed the Imperial League to Trueman, would that old man really have been at ease? No… 
At this moment, he finally understood something. “I’ve been investigating who had schemed against us back then. You and I are not people who can be easily schemed against. What went wrong… If Trueman is Old King’s son and the mysterious organization is a part of the Imperial League, then everything makes sense!” 
When Nora had become pregnant, the surveillance cameras in the house showed nothing out of the ordinary. 
Nora had been drugged and neglected. After all, she had been in the Smiths for so many years. As a fatty, she had never thought that anyone would covet her body…
Justin was also not someone who could be easily schemed against! 
Especially at that time, he had already taken over the Imperial League and the Hunt Corporation. He was powerful, but what if the people in the Imperial League were in cahoots with Trueman? 
No, that doesn’t add up… 
After all, Trueman did not know that Justin had taken over the Imperial League. It should be said that it was Old King’s old butler who had schemed with Trueman! That old butler was the one who had approached Justin. 
Justin planned to investigate the details carefully when he returned. 
Someone like this, who had been left behind by Old King and was not loyal to Justin, should be eliminated! 
A hint of ruthlessness appeared in Justin’s eyes. 
Fortunately, Nora was the one chosen for Justin back then. Otherwise, if it were someone else, having a child with a woman he did not like… Justin was not sure if he could accept it! 
When Justin thought of this, he did not say anything else. 
Nora did not probe further about the pregnancy back then. When Justin investigated everything, he would definitely tell her the truth. 
The three of them returned to Queenie’s manor. 
When John and Royce from the NTT saw Queenie, the two of them revealed happy expressions.
The two old men past their primes stood up at the same time and said to Queenie, “Queenie, welcome home.” 
Home… 
Queenie knew that from that day onwards, this would really be her home. 
The three of them entered together. Queenie suddenly looked at Nora and asked, “When did you realize that I was Listener?” 
Nora smiled. “When I was talking with Ian on the phone, you correctly guessed that he was the one on the call. I already had my suspicions at that time. Later on, I got someone to investigate the pianist and realized that she was just a cover for you.” 
Queenie nodded. “I also wanted to get rid of this identity. With a pianist in front of the public, no one would think of looking toward 
me.” 
Nora then said, “You guys are really… Spacey also made a fake identity to confuse others. You’re the same, but you went a step further and even got a fake cancer report. You scared Royce quite badly. You almost fooled me too.” 
With that, Queenie stopped in her tracks. 
After a while, she said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry, “Do you really think I faked the cancer report?” Nora: “?” 
She was slightly stunned.
Queenie shook her head and said, “After injecting V15, if we don’t get the V16 in time, the cells start mutation. Some of these cells start devouring the body. These cells look very similar to cancer cells under the microscope, which is why it was diagnosed as cancer by the doctor.” 
Nora was stunned. “In that case, you’re fine?” 
“Yes, after injecting V16, those cells will slowly disappear. In the future, other than some changes in my genes, my body will be no different than that of a normal person!” 
Nora nodded. 
Something suddenly flashed across her mind… 
She felt that she had neglected something important, but she could not remember it immediately. 
Queenie looked at her and asked, “What’s wrong?” Nora shook her head. “It’s nothing. It’s just that I realized I have neglected something. I suddenly thought of it…” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Nora stood still and thought about her conversation with Queenie from the beginning to the end. Her eyes widened suddenly. 
The neglected truth suddenly surfaced!
###Chapter 958
Chapter 958 Trueman’s Bottom Line 
Nora looked at Justin and was about to say something when Cherry and Pete ran out of the room. 
The two of them came out and saw Queenie first. They rushed forward and hugged Queenie’s leg. Cherry’s small voice was filled with tears. “Where have you been? Don’t you want me anymore? They said that something had happened to you. I was so worried!” 
After experiencing such deadly events, when Queenie returned to the house and saw Royce and John, she felt a sense of closeness. However, when she saw Cherry, whom she had cared for since she was young, an indescribable fear suddenly surged in her heart. 
If she really died, she would never see Cherry again. 
Queenie hugged her and her eyes instantly turned red. “Don’t worry. I won’t leave you again!” 
Cherry nodded and grabbed her hand tightly. “You have to keep your word!” 
“Okay.” 
Pete and Queenie did not have a deep relationship, but after being together the past two days, the little guy was also very worried about Queenie. He sized her up carefully from top to bottom and only nodded when he saw that she was safe and sound. 
When Nora saw the two children, she looked back in confusion. “Where’s Xander?” 
“He said he’s tired. He’s sleeping!” 
Cherry did not think too much about it. “Xander has been sleeping a lot these past few days!” 
Pete was really worried. “Mommy, go see him. Is he sick again?”
Last time, when Xander fainted after being injected with the V15, Pete realized that something was wrong with Xander’s health. Although he did not know the entire story, he was still worried about his health. 
Although he and Xander were competitors and were working hard to obtain Cherry’s love, Pete would not fuss about it with Xander! 
Hearing Pete’s words, Nora nodded. She exited the room and walked upstairs. She pushed open Xander’s door and saw a small lump on the bed. She walked over and coughed. “Xander, I came to see you.” 
Xander was different from the other two children. Xander had a sensitive character, and he was a boy. Therefore, whenever Nora approached him, she would notify him in advance. 
However, Xander did not sit up as usual. Instead, he continued to lie there. Nora’s heart sank. Could it be that Xander was really very sick? 
She quickly walked to the bed and lifted the blanket. However, she realized that there was no one on the bed at all. The blanket was only empty. Xander was not here at all! 
Nora was taken aback. 
Then, her phone suddenly rang. She picked it up and Trueman’s voice came from the other end. “Why do you think I raised Xander? Do you think the relationship between Xander and me over the past five years was just an act?” “Nora, Barbarian and the mysterious organization were not my greatest trump cards. My greatest trump card is Xander.” Nora suddenly clenched her fists. “Xander won’t betray me!” 
After being with the child for so long, Nora knew Xander’s character very well.
Although he looked awkward and shouted about fighting and killing, he was actually very kind. Otherwise, he would not have tried to save all those small animals. 
Xander had true feelings for her and Justin! 
Trueman smiled. “Yes, he has always been a child with love. Over the years, I haven’t made him heartless. So what would he do when he hears that only V16 can treat his father’s illness?” 
What… 
Nora suddenly realized something. She rushed to Queenie’s bedroom and saw that the box with the V16 was empty. The V16 inside was gone!!!
###Chapter 959
Chapter 959 Don’t Bring Anyone! 
“What’s wrong?” 
Queenie and Justin were playing with Cherry and Pete when they saw Nora walking out of Xander’s room in a panic and rushing over to Queenie’s bedroom, so they hurriedly ran over and asked. 
Queenie immediately noticed that the refrigerator with the V16, which was supposed to be hidden in a secret place, was gone. Suddenly realizing something, she frowned and asked, “Where’s the other V16?” 
In order to safe-keep the two V16s with them, Queenie had placed both of them there. 
In the end, Nora, who had set up everything, had taken one and left the other behind. However, the one that had been left behind was now missing! 
Queenie suddenly realized something and she immediately shouted, “There is a thief among us! John! Check who entered my bedroom today…” 
“There’s no need to check.” 
Nora stretched out her arm and stopped Queenie. A hint of remorse flashed in her eyes as she said, “It’s Xander.” 
Queenie was shocked. “Xander?” 
Nora nodded. 
Guilt filled Nora.
Ever since Xander returned to them, knowing that the child hadn’t had his parents with him since birth and, as a result, was very sensitive, she hadn’t dared to bring up Trueman much in front of him. 
As Xander had grown up under Trueman’s care, a large part of his mindset and moral compass was misguided. 
Even though he had a good heart, it was inevitable that he would still be affected to some extent. However, neither Nora nor Justin had been in a hurry to do something about it; after all, these things weren’t something that could be corrected so quickly. 
They had to be more patient with Xander. 
But following that, Justin had faked his death and escaped to secretly investigate the mysterious organization while Nora had been busy facing Trueman and Barbarian. Looking back at it carefully, since Xander’s return, she and Justin had not fulfilled their duty as his parents at all. 
For the sake of obtaining the V16, and for the sake of saving his life, they had overlooked the most crucial thing they should have done: spending time with him. 
Her eyes reddened. 
It was at this moment that Trueman’s voice came from the phone again. “Nora, have you 
won?” 
Won? 
Nora had set up an elaborate plan, defeated Barbarian, and caught Spacey; but in the end, she was still tricked by Trueman. She hadn’t thought that Trueman would use Xander like this!
She took a deep breath. Trueman’s voice suddenly became sharp as he said, “I told you not to give the V16 to Queenie, yet you simply had to! Now that there is only one V16 left, what are you going to do?” 
What was she going to do… Nora clenched her fists. “What do you want?” 
Trueman had already obtained the V16. In fact, Xander was even in his hands at the moment. He could have just injected himself with the V16 immediately instead of calling her and provoking her over and over again. 
Trueman must want something. 
When she was thinking about it, Trueman said, “I want you—and you alone—to do as I say now. My little servant, you’re going to meet us very soon. I should think that Xander would also be very happy to hear this, no?” 
As soon as he said that, Xander’s voice rang out. “Mommy, don’t come! Daddy won’t hurt me!” 
But he had only just spoken halfway when Trueman covered his mouth. “Mm…!” Nora hurriedly said, “Okay, I will do everything you say!” 
“Get in the car outside your house now.” 
The car outside her house… 
Nora turned around abruptly and started walking to the door without hesitation. She had only taken two steps when she sensed someone following her at the back. Before Nora could even say anything, Trueman laughed and said, “I definitely won’t give you the V16, but if you don’t want anything to happen to Xander, then I hope you can refrain from bringing anyone with you. Anyone at all, do you understand?”
###Chapter 960
Chapter 960 Husband And Wife Join Forces! 
Upon hearing this, Nora stopped and looked behind her at Justin, who was following after her. She said very solemnly, “Don’t follow me. I have to go alone. None of you are to follow me!” 
She couldn’t risk putting Xander’s life in danger at a time like this! 
Besides, she was Black Cat… There was probably nobody in this world who was better at escaping than her. Even if she was caught by Trueman, she would not be in mortal danger. 
Justin looked into the woman’s eyes. 
Her docile and obedient almond-shaped eyes which should have looked charming and timid were filled with determination in this instant. 
Justin knew that the woman he loved was no fragile flower who could only depend on men. 
He nodded. 
Nora looked at him intently. After a while, she finally said, “Don’t worry, I will bring Xander back safely.” 
After saying that, Nora strode off resolutely. 
Justin stayed where he was. 
His lips parted slightly as he murmured, “Okay, I’ll wait for the two of you to return.” 
Seeing Nora leave, Cherry and Pete finally realized that something was wrong, especially since Pete was so sharp and keen. He looked straight at Justin and asked, “Daddy, what’s wrong? Is Xander in danger? Where is Mommy going?”
Justin squatted down and held the children with one arm each. His voice was steady as he said, “Everything’s fine. Mommy is going to pick up Xander and bring him home.” Cherry and Pete, who had been in a panic, finally calmed down after hearing this. Queenie looked at Justin. “You… Are you really not going after her?” 
Justin nodded. “I believe in Nora. Besides, there are other things that I need to take care 
of.” 
Queenie was taken aback. 
Justin got up. He lowered his head, picked up his cell phone, and immediately made a call. “Investigate everything within the Imperial league that’s related to the mysterious organization and then… clear them all out!” 
There was faint anger in his voice as he added, “Don’t leave even a single one of them!” 
Why was Trueman so powerful? 
Because he was relying on the Imperial League! 
If the Imperial League could find out the identities of all the members of the mysterious organization and cut off all of their sources of income, then Trueman, who would be left with neither manpower nor money, would no longer pose a threat to Nora! 
It was dangerous for Nora to face Trueman head-on. 
How would Justin possibly just sit by idly and do nothing? He would defeat Trueman and clear all the obstacles for Nora!
– 
When Nora walked out of the villa door, sure enough, she spotted a car parked outside. 
After she got into the car and started the engine, Trueman said over the phone, “Throw out your cell phone and call me with the cell phone I’ve left for you, instead.” 
Nora turned her head to the side and saw an old-fashioned cell phone on the passenger seat. It was an extremely primitive type of cell phone that could probably only be used for calling and not even for text messaging. Without hesitation, she threw away her cell phone. 
The primitive cell phone then started ringing. When she answered it, Trueman’s voice came from the opposite end. “Go to 28 Vail Street.” 
Nora started the car and went to 28 Vail Street. 
As soon as she arrived, the cell phone rang again. When she answered, Trueman said, “My little servant sure is obedient- Do you see the No. 848 bus? Get on it.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, the No. 848 bus reached the bus stop in front of her. She glanced back at the surveillance cameras on the road and then got on the bus immediately.
###Chapter 961
Chapter 961 Finally Meeting Trueman!! 
The phone call went silent. Trueman did not hang up. He smiled on the other end and said, “Little servant, I’ve finally made you obedient. Hahaha, Xander really is my good son. He made you so obedient.” 
Nora sat on the bus very calmly. “Can you let me talk to Xander for a while?” 
She knew that Trueman liked her being obedient, so her tone was very tactful. 
Indeed, this attitude pleased Trueman. He smiled. “Of course.” 
Then, Nora heard a sobbing voice on the other end. “…” 
Xander’s silence filled the phone. He seemed to not know what to say. Nora’s heart clenched slightly. She slowly said, “Xander…” 
Her words made Xander choke even harder as he cried, “Mommy, I’m sorry!” Nora quickly comforted him. “You don’t have to apologize. There’s no need to be sorry. I’m the one who let you down. I gave birth to you, but I didn’t even know of your existence. I let you live in hell for so many years. Xander, you’re the child I feel most guilty towards.” 
Xander was definitely shocked, angry, and guilty. 
The child was very kind. He knew that his stupidity had put his mother in danger. Xander said, “Mommy, don’t worry about me. Daddy won’t do anything to me. He has always been very good to me…” 
Over the years, although Xander had lived in the basement, it was obvious from how Xander had dared to rebut Ruth that his status in the mysterious organization was still very high. 
At least Trueman had not abused him.
When Xander said this, before Nora could say anything, Trueman’s sharp voice said with a hint of evilness, “That’s not necessarily true~ My good son, I treated you well previously only to get you to bring me the gene serum. Now, the V16 is in my hands. If your mommy doesn’t do as I say, then I can’t guarantee what I’ll do to you. Of course, beating you up is impossible. At most, I’ll starve you. I think it won’t be good if you don’t eat for three days, right?” Nora’s voice suddenly sank. “Trueman, if you dare to touch even a hair on my son’s head, I’ll make you die a horrible death!” 
Nora rarely said such ruthless words. 
She was usually very low-key and tolerant. She was also very indifferent to others, but at this moment, she was really angry. However, Trueman did not back down just because she was angry. He smiled and said, “Little servant, is this the attitude you should have when talking to your master?” 
Nora bit her lips. 
After a while, she said, “… Please.” 
“Heh, this is simply too enjoyable!” Trueman laughed out loud. “Your mother Yvette was a stubborn person. The mysterious organization couldn’t do anything to her. For so many years, they could only set traps and slowly wait for the V16 to fall in their laps. Compared to your mother, you’re really better. You refused to admit defeat so many times… Little servant, if you knew this would happen, why did you do this in the first place? If you had submitted to the mysterious organization and me from the beginning, wouldn’t Xander and I each have had one of the two serums now? As for Listener and whoever, they weren’t worthy!” 
Nora remained silent and did not argue. 
Xander was in Trueman’s hands, so she had to tread carefully. She asked, “Where do you want me to go? Where are you? If I come looking for you, you’d definitely want to see me submit to you, right?”
“Ha, little servant, you’re already good at guessing your master’s thoughts, Not bad, keep going like this! This is how you read my mind!” 
Nora: “… Your voice still hasn’t improved.” “It’s okay. When we meet, I’ll allow you to teach me. Now, get out of the bus.” 
Nora: “?” 
She was stunned. She looked at the still moving bus and said in surprise, “I haven’t reached the bus stop.” The bus would not halt until it reached the stop. 
Trueman smiled. “As the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts, this shouldn’t make things difficult for you, right?” 
Nora took a deep breath and suddenly stood up. Sitting beside her was a tall man. When he saw her stand up, he was a little stunned. He reminded her, “We haven’t reached the stop 
yet.” 
Nora ignored him and opened the window. 
The next moment, she held her hands up and her entire body slipped out the window. 
Thud! 
After landing, Nora rolled away to reduce her momentum. She immediately stood up neatly and looked around, causing everyone on the bus to stare at her in amusement. 
“Martial arts!” 
“How awesome!”
“So strong!” 
1111 
After showing off her skills, Nora did not have any time to listen to these people’s praise. She walked away as per the instructions on the phone. 
Not far away, a black car was parked. 
Nora jumped into the car and started it. The bus went to the northwest while she drove to the northeast. 
Trueman was preventing others from following behind her. When she got on the bus, the best way was to wait at the next stop. However, who would have thought that Trueman would ask Nora to jump out of a moving bus? 
Nora was driving, but her phone was still on the line. Trueman smiled. “Little servant, you’re really capable. I’m so relieved. Hahahaha…” 
Nora looked at the sea in the distance. She narrowed her eyes and suddenly said, “You want me to board a ship?” 
“Yes.” 
Trueman laughed. “As long as we go to the open sea, it’ll be difficult for anyone to find us. Not even King! Hahaha, Old King deserves to die. I’ll crush all his hopes for eternal life and watch him die!” 
Trueman’s voice was filled with arrogance. 
Nora narrowed her almond-shaped eyes and bit her lips.
Half an hour later, Nora could already smell the seawater. She watched helplessly as the coastline slowly came into her view. She knew that if she could not find Trueman at this time and really went on a ship with him to the open sea, she would completely be in Trueman’s hands! 
Nora became a little anxious. 
At this moment, there was a knock on the phone. Someone should have entered Trueman’s room. The person whispered, “Young Master, bad news! Something has happened to our ship!” 
Trueman was stunned. “What happened?” The person said anxiously, “Our ship has been detained.” Trueman said angrily, “Then look for another. As long as you pay well, I don’t believe you can’t find another ship in a short time!” 
The other party stammered and finally sighed. “Young Master, all our funds have been frozen. I just realized that all our bank accounts have been locked! It must be… It’s King! He cut off all our funds!” 
Trueman instantly became irritable. He stood up and kicked something away. He muttered softly and cursed, “Trash! You’re all trash. A bunch of trash!” 
When Nora heard this, she lowered her eyes and suddenly asked, “Trueman, you don’t have any money anymore, right? I can give you a choice. Give me Xander. I won’t snatch the V16 from you. I’ll think of a way to save Xander myself! Leave him behind. I can give you a large sum of money and let you live happily for the rest of your life!” 
Without the support of the Imperial League, Trueman was like a general without soldiers. It was impossible to recover lost land. 
The V16… Nora did not want it anymore.
This was because Trueman was definitely smart enough to inject himself the moment he got the V16, right? 
She only wanted Xander! 
She wanted to protect Xander. Even if she could not develop a V16 herself, she wanted to accompany Xander in his little remaining life. 
She could not let the child be so afraid. 
At the very least, she had to be by Xander’s side in his final moments. 
However, after she finished speaking, Trueman suddenly sneered. “Nora, you’re thinking too much! Haha, I won’t give you Xander. If you want him, come to me! Be my servant for the rest of your life!” 
After saying this, he ordered, “Turn the car south. We’ll meet there!” 
Nora knew that Trueman had already gone crazy. 
This person was simply crazy. 
She gritted her teeth and turned the car. Justin had sent people to look for her throughout the city, but she had already changed cars a few times on the way and changed directions several times too. Under Trueman’s instructions, she had already thrown off those people who had chased after her farther and farther away! 
Soon, Nora arrived at an abandoned factory. 
She stopped the car and saw a familiar figure standing in front. 
When she got out of the car, Caleb walked over with an anxious expression and grabbed her hand. “Nora, what’s going on? Why did Trueman say he captured Xander? He even asked me to bring you to
him!” 
Looking at the person in front of her, Nora stared at him deeply with her almond-shaped eyes and did not speak. 
Caleb sensed that something was wrong with her and said anxiously, “Don’t be anxious. No matter what, I’ll save Xander! Don’t worry!” 
However, Nora took a step back and avoided his pull. She looked at Caleb fixedly and said word by word, “There’s no need to pretend.” 
Caleb was stunned. “Nora, what are you talking about? I don’t understand. You…” 
The rest of his words were stuck in his throat. 
Because the next moment, Nora called him, “Trueman.”
###Chapter 962
Time seemed to have stopped at this moment. 
Caleb looked at her in shock, his expression gradually cracking. He was extremely shocked, clearly not expecting her to see through his secret. He wanted to say something, but the next moment, he suddenly reached out and took off his glasses. 
Caleb had always been the relatively thin and refined type. He looked gentle and made people feel like they were bathing in the spring breeze, but after he took off his glasses, his entire personality became sharp. The smile on his lips slowly faded and he looked fierce and indescribable. 
He grinned. Even his voice and tone changed. “Hehe, hehe…” 
He suppressed his smile. After laughing, he looked up again, his eyes already becoming ostentatious and teasing. “Little servant, you’re really smart-“ 
His voice was sharp, as if it was suppressed in his throat, and also like Caleb’s deliberately fake voice. 
Nora felt like Caleb had become a different person. She frowned and asked anxiously, “Where’s Xander?” 
Caleb… No, it should be said that Trueman was grinning, revealing his two canine teeth. “Call me Master first, and I’ll bring you to see him…” 
ee 
Nora looked at him coldly. 
Trueman’s expression changed. “What do you mean? You’re not going to say it? Hehe, then I’ll call now and ask someone to beat up Little Xander!”
With that, Trueman took out the walkie-talkie. He was about to speak when Nora’s eyes narrowed. She took a step forward. “I’ll do it!” 
This pervert! 
She really did not know what kind of fetish this was. 
Nora had called him ‘Master’ when she texted previously, but at this moment, he had the upper hand. It was another humiliation, being forced to do it. 
She found it a little difficult to say. 
At this moment, Trueman suddenly seemed to be unable to control his body. He put on the glasses in his hand and his aura changed again as if he had become Caleb. “Trueman, don’t go overboard!” 
With that, he took off his glasses and became Trueman again. “Why? Do you feel sorry for her? Hehe, Caleb, why didn’t you feel sorry for me when you betrayed me?” 
He put on his glasses again and changed back into Caleb. “Trueman, that’s enough! You’ve already gotten the V16. Return the child to her. Don’t make things difficult for her!” 
Trueman said, “Tsk, tsk. Your heart aches just like that? I won’t! How can I give up such a fun toy so easily? Hehe.” 
“Trueman, don’t go overboard! Otherwise, I’ll hurt this body!” 
“You’re really crazy. You’re crazy for this woman!” 
Nora looked at Caleb in front of her in shock. He took off his glasses one moment and wore them the next. It was as if Trueman was sealed inside that pair of glasses. 
It was only after a while that she reacted.
Caleb had a split personality!! 
One personality was Caleb, and the other was Trueman! 
She thought of everything that had happened previously and realized that Caleb and Trueman were one person. But from the looks of it, there were really two people inside. After all, every independent personality was a separate person. 
“Trueman, no matter what, I won’t allow you to hurt them!” 
“Tsk, then make her obedient.” 
“Let me talk to her first!” “Alright, I’ll give you five minutes. I want an obedient servant.” 
With that, Trueman put on his glasses and became Caleb again. 
Seeing that he finally stopped changing back and forth, Nora looked at Caleb in shock and asked, “You’re…” Caleb wore his glasses and touched his forehead. After a while, he said, “I’m sorry. I, I’ve always lied to you, but you’ve seen it too. I can’t control him.” 
Nora frowned. “Which identity is real between the two? You or him?” 
Every person with a split personality would have a primary and a secondary identity. Caleb hesitated for a moment before saying, “It’s me.” 
He looked ahead in a daze. “After I was injected with the drug in the basement, I became afraid of the darkness. Somewhere along the line, he was born. He was braver than me, more ruthless than me, and more adept in that life than me. He could watch helplessly as his siblings died without doing anything while I would be sad. It can be said that he is my dark side.”
Caleb sighed. “It’s not the time to say this. Nora, listen to Trueman obediently. He has controlled this body longer than I have. Now, if you have any questions, ask me directly. I promise to tell you everything.” Nora looked at him fixedly and asked, “Back then, what happened to the three children? Who told Justin about Pete’s existence?” 
Caleb sighed. “I did.” 
Caleb lowered his eyes and clenched his fists. “I’ve never lied to you. I really hate the mysterious organization. I want to destroy them. This has been my wish since I was young. Your mother was very kind to me back then. I was about to die, it was your mother who had saved me.” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Caleb spoke again, “Although I had two personalities at that time, after taking the V3 gene serum, the rejection was obvious. Like my other siblings, I knew that I was about to die. At that time, your mother came to the basement and saw everything. She went almost crazy at that time and berated the mysterious organization for conducting human experiments. At that time, many children were facing death. Your mother treated a few of those children and took good care of them… In the end, the five of us who survived received your mother’s kindness. However, I was the one who was there at that time. Trueman really did not know, he only had evil in him. The sole purpose of his existence was to survive. Later, your mother betrayed the mysterious organization and said that she had not developed the V16. After escaping the mysterious organization, my father, Old King, put your mother on the wanted list worldwide…” 
At that time, Yvette had already realized that the mysterious organization’s head was King, right? 
Therefore, after returning to the country, she knew that no one would be able to resist King. She decisively left Ian and escaped to a small town.
However, she was still found in the end. 
Yvette could only make a deal with King, or rather, Trueman. She had killed herself and escaped their clutches. Only when her daughter lived to 24 years old would there be clues to the V16! 
Caleb apologized. “Caleb Gray is my other identity. Back then, my mother had actually married into the Grays first. Later on, King forced her to have me. Therefore, although I’m King’s child, I’m indeed a member of the Grays…” 
He looked at Nora. “I don’t want to be Trueman. I don’t want anything to do with the Yale name. I just want to be Caleb Gray.” Caleb lowered his head. “Back then, King arranged for Justin to have a child with you. After that, he replaced all the surveillance cameras in your house and buried all clues to the child’s father. Then…” 
He sighed. “When I came to look for you, you fainted as you gave birth to your first child. Trueman found a way to get it out in secret. He did it to raise your child. He injected him with gene serums and planned to force you to look for the clues to V16 yourself in the future. Trueman only needed one child. After he left, you gave birth to a second child. Henry threw the child away… I followed the security guard and arrived in the suburbs. He was your son after all. I really couldn’t bear it, so I called Justin and used a voice changer…” 
Nora looked at him. “Thank you for saving Pete.” 
Caleb was silent for a moment before his lips moved. “I definitely won’t watch him die because he’s your son. You’ll definitely be sad if he dies. I don’t want you to be sad.” 
Caleb immediately shut his mouth. 
He seemed to have realized that he had said too much and was afraid that his words would put more pressure on Nora. He turned his head and looked elsewhere. He did not dare to look her in the eyes and
quickly changed the topic. “When did you realize that I’m Trueman?”
###Chapter 963
Nora sighed quietly. “I’ve had my doubts all along. I already had my suspicions when I first tried to capture Trueman.” 
Caleb was stunned. Nora lowered her eyes. “When we were trying to capture Trueman that time, I found the hotel where he was staying, but you were the one who walked out of it instead… Later, when we tried to capture Trueman a second time, he escaped and you were caught by the special department, instead. Now that I think about it, you must have allowed them to catch you on purpose, right?” Caleb nodded. “Yes, I wanted to work with the special department so that I would be able to destroy the mysterious organization.” 
Nora fell silent for a moment. Then, she said, “I was very puzzled at that time. All our arrangements were appropriate and in place, so how on earth had Trueman escaped? During that time, I had even monitored all inbound and outbound activity at immigration, but there wasn’t any news of Trueman leaving the country at all. He seemed so mysterious and powerful that he could come and go as he pleased, but I have never believed that anyone in this world can completely avoid leaving traces of their existence as if they have never existed.” 
Caleb sighed. “I didn’t expect you to have become suspicious of me so early.” 
“At that time, I was just distrustful and a little wary of you, but it didn’t occur to me that you may be Trueman. After all, when you were detained in the special department, I was conversing with Trueman the whole time. This dispelled my suspicions. What really made me suspicious of you was when you were unwell and hospitalized some time back… I came to visit you and the nurse taking care of you said that you were scalded by hot water… But if your gene modification was of heat resistance, how could you be scalded? In that case, there could only be one reason you were lying. Your heat resistance abilities haven’t been modified at all… But five children had survived in the laboratory back then, and this was something that all five of you knew… It only occurred to me later that even though all five of you
know about one another’s existence, it may be possible that apart from you, the rest were completely unaware of the others’ identities.” 
Caleb nodded. “You have guessed everything correctly.” 
He lowered his eyes and explained, “When I went to the special department back then, I did allow myself to be caught on purpose. To avoid anyone from recognizing me as Trueman, people kept impersonating me the entire time. My subordinates were also trying to protect me at that time. After all, even though it’s the gene serum that makes it seem like I have lung cancer, the coughing is real. Taking medicine eases my discomfort and relieves the pain… Cough, cough…” 
At this point, Caleb covered his mouth again and started coughing. 
Nora waited for a long while before Caleb finally stopped coughing. He said, “After escaping from the mysterious organization back then, the person whose heat-resistant genes were improved only wanted to be an ordinary person, even if it meant that he could only live until he was thirty years old. He begged me to help him hide his identity. I happened to be in need of a public persona, so I agreed to it. He lives a very peaceful life now, and he doesn’t want to be disturbed by the outside world. He also leads a very innocent life… so I don’t want to tell you who he is…” 
Nora pressed her lips together. “He’s Professor Epson, right?” 
As soon as she said that, Caleb looked at her in astonishment and subconsciously asked, “How did you know?” 
Nora replied, “When Barbarian was holding him hostage and asked him about the gene serum, he had answered immediately. But during all that time when I was at Staav University, I hadn’t heard about the gene serum from any of the other professors at all. It was obvious that the matter was not widely
publicized; only people who held great interest in it would know about it. Moreover, Barbarian didn’t know who he was at the time. After pushing him into the laboratory and setting it on fire, everyone who went in to rescue him, including my classmates, was injured, yet he wasn’t. That’s when I first became suspicious of Professor Epson…” 
Caleb: “…” 
Nora nodded. “Yup, he leads a very innocent life indeed.” 
Professor Epson certainly led an innocent life, didn’t he? He devoted his life to gene serum research, and his only goal was to surpass Anti! When she thought about that man who regarded her as his imaginary enemy, Nora shook her head wryly. “I won’t do anything to him.” 
“… Okay.” 
Caleb replied again before he let out a quiet sigh and remarked, “You really are very smart.” 
“No, I’m not smart enough. If I were really that smart… Back then, you told me not to trust anyone so easily, and I never once suspected you… Even if I had doubts about everyone, the fact that you and Trueman had indeed appeared at the same time was already enough to dispel my suspicions. It was only when I connected the dots about Aunt Queenie that the fake Trueman gave me a new perspective…” 
After Nora explained all this clearly, she looked at Caleb again. “But none of this is important anymore. What matters now is… I want to know what you’re planning. Also, does Trueman know what you’re thinking?” 
Caleb looked at her and lowered his eyes. “He doesn’t.” 
Caleb rubbed his temples, seemingly having a headache. “We only switch back and forth frequently when I want to talk to him or vice versa. We both have control over this body, but he is getting stronger
and stronger, so he is already gradually replacing me… Nora, I will tell you my plans now. I hope you can go with him. Don’t worry about where exactly he is taking you for now. As far as I know, he doesn’t hold much ill will toward you; he just sees you as a toy. He likes taming people and your stubbornness challenges his authority. Spend some time with him while I take the opportunity to find out where he has hidden the V16…” 
Nora was astonished. “Trueman didn’t inject the V16 into himself right away when he obtained it?” 
Caleb looked at her. “I stopped him from doing SO.” 
Nora was taken aback. 
Caleb sighed. “For this body to take any action, both he and I must come to a consensus first. Although, if I take a forceful approach toward something, he won’t be able to go against my will. After all, I am the primary persona now. But… if he really overpowers me eventually, then I won’t be able to come out anymore… When that happens, he will be able to inject himself with the V16. Nora, time is running out. Listen to me carefully, I have already lived long enough, so the V16 must be left for Xander! I want all the sins to end with me. Do you understand? Do as I say!”
###Chapter 964
Caleb’s tone became more and more urgent. Toward the end, his voice also gradually became sharper and sharper. 
As the last word rolled off his tongue, he took off his glasses impatiently and stared at Nora. “He’s done talking to you, right? You should understand by now that you must follow my orders more obediently, my little servant. Now, I want you to come with me, or else you won’t be able to see Xander anymore!” 
Nora lowered her eyes and took a deep breath. “Okay.” 
As soon as she replied, Trueman took out a pill and handed it to her. “Take this.” 
Surprised, Nora looked down at the pill. 
Trueman smiled. “Don’t worry, my little servant, you are my favorite servant, you know. Also, thanks to you, that King confiscated all my assets, so you are the only servant I have now. I’m just worried that you will escape. After all, I can’t beat the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts in a fight, and I don’t have a second Barbarian to act as my bodyguard either.” 
Speaking of Barbarian, when Nora was on her way back to the Schmidts, the Queen had called Justin and informed him of Barbarian’s death. Also, both the captain and deputy captain of the guards protecting the Queen had been injected with gene serums. One was unable to withstand the serum’s effects and had died, while the other became stronger. The Queen had asked Justin what she should do next. 
Nora also gave her advice at that time and told her that the gene serums Barbarian was in possession of weren’t the purest, so they only improved a portion of the genes, and they would not make one as strong as Barbarian. Because of this, there would not be too great a backlash. The man’s lifespan would only be shortened by ten years at the worst.
Barbarian would never let the bodyguard he prepared for the Queen, right before his death, survive the gene serum but die from its backlash. He really had the Queen’s welfare at heart. 
The Queen remained silent for a long time on the phone before she finally said, “I’d like to give Barbarian a proper burial. Would you mind if I do that?” 
To be honest, regardless of whether or not Justin minded, the Queen would still do it anyway. 
This was her private matter. 
However, the Queen really did regard Justin as a friend all these years while Barbarian was Justin’s enemy… Unexpectedly, though, the usually-petty man had replied solemnly, “We should respect the dead. Do what you want.” 
This world had treated Barbarian too cruelly, so he had taken revenge. But no matter what had happened, now that he was dead, one should let go of all the past sins. 
Trueman put the pill in Nora’s hand. She held it up to her nose and took a whiff-it was a type of muscle relaxant. 
It didn’t harm the body and would only make one feel weak and limp. This way, she would not be able to resist Trueman anymore. 
A sneering Nora glanced at Trueman and said, “Indeed, given your puny arms and legs, you’d better not get hurt by me.” 
Trueman: “!” 
Trueman became angry at once, and a touch of malice even appeared at the corners of his lips. “You-“
The next moment, without waiting for Trueman to lose his temper, Nora took the pill, which took effect immediately. She could sense all her physical strength dissipating. It didn’t feel particularly uncomfortable, though. She moved her hands and feet a little, realizing that she had become no different than any other normal, slender, and frail woman, that was all. 
A pill was effective for a day. 
In other words, during this period when she and Trueman were to be together, Trueman would be feeding her one every day. 
Seeing that she was being so obedient, rebuking her didn’t feel right to Trueman anymore, so he walked ahead of her and said, “Follow me.” 
He got into the passenger seat of the car in front and gestured at the driver’s seat with his chin. “Drive, my servant.” 
Nora’s expression darkened a little. 
Trueman asked provocatively, “Don’t wanna see Xander anymore?” 
Nora took a deep breath. Left with no other choice, she could only walk over and get into the driver’s seat. 
She drove following Trueman’s instructions. As her car turned a few corners back and forth on the road, they started to go farther and farther from the city, making Nora frown. 
Trueman chuckled. “Originally, we should have been on the cruise ship by now. How comfortable would that have been? Unfortunately, thanks to you guys, we no longer have the cruise ship anymore… I’m very curious, though. My little servant, how on earth did you manage to persuade King and make that old geezer take your side?”
###Chapter 965
Nora didn’t say anything when she heard Trueman. 
She merely continued to look ahead as she asked, “Where’s Xander?” 
She didn’t know how Trueman would react to the old King’s death. Under such uncertain circumstances, she decided not to say anything for the time being. 
Trueman snorted coldly. “He’s waiting for us ahead!” 
He didn’t ask any more questions but narrowed his eyes instead. 
Two hours later, Trueman suddenly said, “Stop.” 
Nora stopped the car and looked around. 
There was only wilderness and nothing else around. She didn’t know why Trueman wanted to stop here. She had only just started wondering when Trueman opened the car door, got out, and started walking away. 
Nora also got out of the car and followed after him. 
“Why are you following me?” 
Trueman’s voice was sharp and piercing as he scoffed and said, “I’m going to take a leak. Do you want to join me?” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned and returned to the car. 
She slipped her hand into a pocket in her pants. There, she had a fingernail-sized transmitter that she could use to make contact with the outside world once she pressed the switch.
Just as she was about to press the switch, she saw Trueman standing at the car window, looking at her with a smile. 
Nora: “…” 
“Get out.” 
Nora got out of the car. Trueman took out a scanner that he had gotten from somewhere and started to scan all over her body. As a result… 
When he scanned her hair, the scanner beeped. 
Trueman frowned. “Take it out!” 
Nora held her hands out. “Take what out?” 
Trueman looked at her suspiciously and continued to scan downward. The scanner continued beeping even when he reached her neck, never once stopping. 
Trueman sneered. 
Nora sighed. “I’m here to save Xander. Why would I bring anything with me? Your scanner must be broken.” 
Trueman didn’t fall for it. 
He continued scanning downward. In the end, the scanner kept beeping from her neck to her arms, her waist, her abdomen, and all the way to her thighs and shoes. 
Trueman: “…” 
Nora held her hands out again. “See? It really is broken.”
Trueman thought for a while. Suddenly, he scanned himself with the scanner, but it didn’t make any sound. He looked at Nora frostily and said, “Surrender them yourself, or else I won’t take you to Xander!” 
Nora: “…” 
She heaved a silent sigh. Then, she reached into her hair, felt around, and took out a steel wire as thin as a strand of hair. Obviously, it was used to unlock doors. 
After she took it out, Trueman scanned her hair with the scanner again. Sure enough, it didn’t beep anymore. 
He continued to scan downward again. When he reached Nora’s face, the scanner suddenly beeped again. 
Nora said expressionlessly, “My nose is fake. There are metal supports inside. That’s why it’s beeping.” 
But Trueman merely looked at her with a sneer. “Do you think I’ve only just met you? You probably don’t know this, but I know you better than even you know yourself!” 
A resigned Nora could only pull out a white resembling a wisdom tooth from the innermost part of her mouth. When the scanner scanned the , sure enough, it started beeping. Trueman asked, “What is this, my little servant?” 
“Poison,” replied Nora. 
Trueman continued to scan downward. When he reached her collarbones, it beeped again. 
This time, without waiting for Trueman to ask, Nora reached out, felt around, and took out a very thin thread again. 
The thread was the same color as her skin. Even if one looked at her with a magnifying glass, they wouldn’t be able to tell that she had a thread hidden on her collarbone.
Nora coughed and explained, “This is a kite string.” 
Kite strings were very sturdy, but even such thin strings could kill sometimes. They were often used as weapons in assassinations. In addition, most metal scanners wouldn’t detect them. The one that Trueman had found really was able to detect everything. 
After that… 
Nora took off the inconspicuous fake fingernails on her fingers. The fake fingernails on all ten of her fingers were all either weapons or poison… 
Nora took out a flexible sword from her waist. The flexible sword was of such high quality that Trueman thought it was a belt when he glanced at it… 
Nora took out the transmitter she was planning to use just now… 
Nora removed the wire wrapped around her thigh… 
Nora pulled out a dagger she kept close to herself on her calf… 
Nora took off her shoes, which were specially customized such that she could control the mechanism inside the shoes with her toes to extend sharp blades at the tip… 
Thud! 
Thwack! 
Trueman stared at the seven, eight, nine… twenty weapons that Nora had removed from herself in just a span of five minutes, feeling rather gutted.
He couldn’t even maintain the malicious smile on his lips anymore. Instead, he looked at Nora and asked, “So, if I had taken you to Xander, would I have been dead by now?” 
All of those numerous weapons, no matter which, could kill him! 
“… No, you wouldn’t have,” replied Nora. 
Just as Trueman was about to breathe a sigh of relief, Nora added, “I still haven’t found the V16, you know.” 
Trueman: “…” 
After Nora took off everything, she said, “That’s all there is.” 
However, Trueman didn’t believe her. He scanned her with the scanner again from head to toe. 
“There, now you can be sure there isn’t anything else, right?” asked Nora. 
Trueman thought about it. Suddenly, he scanned her fingers. 
He had already scanned Nora from her hair all the way to her toes. In addition, she had even taken the initiative to take off her fake fingernails. Logically, no one would have suspicions about her fingers anymore. But the moment Trueman scanned her fingers, the scanner started beeping again. 
Trueman: “…” 
Nora: “…” 
A silent Nora removed the tiny needles hidden in the crevices of her nails, taking out a whopping twenty of them. There were two hidden in each of her nail crevices. 
They were too small to be seen at all.
She coughed-even she felt rather embarrassed herself—and said, “Um, there were so many weapons on me that I forgot about those.” 
Trueman retorted, “… Do you think I’ll fall for that?” 
Nora didn’t care whether he believed her or not, though. As for Trueman, he didn’t even spare her toe crevices this time. After scanning her up and down several times with the scanner, he finally put away all her weapons and continued walking toward the empty grassland at the side. 
“Where are you going?” asked Nora. Didn’t I already tell you just now? I’m taking a leak!” 
Trueman replied after he walked a distance away. 
Trueman was not worried that she would escape. 
As for Nora, she sat in the car and sighed. 
She hadn’t expected to be checked so stringently. Great, now she really couldn’t contact anyone anymore. However, so far, it seemed that things hadn’t gone as badly as she had imagined 
She waited for another five minutes. Just as she was getting impatient, she suddenly saw Trueman appear in the distance. Beside Trueman was a little boy who only reached the top of his thighs. 
The little boy looked dejected, and obviously, rather unhappy. 
It was Xander!!!
###Chapter 966
At the sight of Xander, Nora’s eyes lit up instantly. 
Without waiting for Trueman’s orders, she opened the door and jumped out of the car. 
Xander was a little taken aback to see her. He stayed where he was and did not walk forward. As they weren’t too far from each other, Nora could hear their conversation clearly. Trueman said impatiently, “Hurry up.” “I don’t want to,” Xander replied. Trueman scoffed, “Are you trying to make me force you into it?” 
Xander said stubbornly, “Daddy, you’ve changed! You’ve never spoken to me like this before!” 
Trueman continued to lecture him. “Things are different now. I used to have all the time in the world to play with and foster a bond with you, but we need to hurry now!” 
“… I don’t dare to meet Mommy,” said Xander. 
“Because you’ve let her down?” 
Trueman’s words made Xander lower his head even further. The boy, whose head was lowered, was rather dejected. “Mommy spent a lot of effort to get the serum for me, but I…” 
Xander really did know that he had done something wrong. He had only just said that when Nora walked over. When she heard him, she looked at Xander and asked, “So, you know very well what you have done is wrong, then why did you still do it?” Xander didn’t dare to look Nora in the eye when he heard this. He kept his head down as he replied, “Because it’s Daddy… I can’t just stand by and watch him die… Daddy is just like Butterscotch and Buttercup. He’s also my best friend…” 
Xander had grown up with Trueman, and he was the only person in Xander’s world. 
Upon hearing this, Nora glanced at Trueman.
After spending all this time with him, Nora knew what Xander was like. 
The boy might seem unreliable and behaved like the spawn of satan, but in truth, he was very sensitive and had difficulty fostering bonds with people. This was also the reason he could immediately bring himself to bite the bodyguard’s hand when he saw him. 
Because outsiders were all villains to him. 
Only a handful of people could qualify to be classified as his own. 
For example, he had said that Ruth was his aunt, but in truth, Xander had never regarded her as one of his own. This led to him never trying to save Ruth when he came to New York. He even bullied her instead. 
It was also this incident that had made Nora and Justin think that Xander saw Trueman the same way. 
He had clearly been imprisoned in the basement by Trueman since he was a baby. In that case, there was no way he would have deep feelings for Trueman, but now… Nora discovered that she was utterly mistaken! 
Even at a time like this, and even when Xander understood that Trueman had taken advantage of him, he was still calling him “Daddy”. 
Nora stared hard at him. “Xander, I know you are a sensible child. When you were injected with the V15, your IQ improved even further, so you should be able to understand what I’m saying right now. The love and kindness that Trueman showed you in the past were all fake. He only did it for the V16… There is only one V16 left in the world now. If you give it to him, you will die.” 
When Xander heard this, he paused before he replied, “I… I know.” 
Nora was surprised. “You know?”
“Yes. Daddy told me about it when he called 
me.” 
Nora became even more stunned. She had always thought that Xander had been tricked, but from the looks of it now, it seemed that despite being well aware that only one person could be saved, Xander had still chosen to steal the serum and give it to Trueman? 
After Xander said what he did, he looked at Trueman and added, “Daddy never lies to me.” 
Xander said seriously, “Daddy has never lied to me or told me that he was my real father, so I have always known that I was a child that he had brought from somewhere else. 
“Every time Daddy visited me, he would bring me chocolate because he knew that I like it. 
“Daddy never hits me even when I’m disobedient, but lets me think things through by myself instead. 
“Even when Daddy sent me back to Mommy, he explained everything to me clearly…” 
After whispering all of that, Xander finally looked at Trueman and said, “But you lied to me this time, Daddy! You didn’t tell me that you would kidnap Mommy too!” 
Like a little adult, he stood in front of Nora, looked straight at Trueman, and said, “Daddy, if you let Mommy go back, I promise I won’t let Mommy seek you out! I will also accompany you until I die…” 
After he spoke, he took a step forward and stretched out his arms to hug Trueman’s leg. 
Nora watched the little figure standing in front of her. 
For some reason, she suddenly felt her heart
warm. 
But right at this moment, Trueman picked Xander up carelessly with a strange look on his face. He said, “Of course I had to be nice to you, little guy. it was all to trick you into stealing the V16 for me. But now that the V16 is in my hands, do you think I will still treat you like how I did before?” 
Trueman tossed Xander carelessly to Nora. 
Nora hurriedly caught hold of Xander. 
Trueman scoffed, “What a fool! Keep an eye on your son, my little servant. Otherwise, don’t hold it against me if I show him no mercy!” After speaking, Trueman walked over to the car and sat in the passenger seat again, leaving the two behind. Nora looked at him from the back before she finally looked down to see a look of shock all over Xander’s little face. Obviously, he hadn’t expected his adoptive father, who had brought him up, to become like this. Nora was about to comfort him when Xander suddenly said, “Mommy, d-don’t be scared. Daddy just says nasty things, that’s all. But in truth, it is very easy to get along with him. He is just… just… too lonely, that’s all…”. 
The word “lonely” was uttered very softly. 
However, Nora frowned and said, “Xander, human nature is very complex. You… Will come to realize it in the future.” 
After speaking, she took Xander with her and got into the car. 
Xander sat in the backseat obediently. 
Nora started the car again. 
The trio sat in the car in silence, none of them speaking. For a while, there was a very strange atmosphere in the car.
Two full days later, Nora finally understood where Trueman was going. This place was at the border of three different countries. Governance at places like this was generally rather messy, and it was a place none of the three countries cared about. The moment she entered, Nora felt as if time had turned back twenty years. The streets around them were rundown and dilapidated, and they could only use cash for purchases. There were even people bartering. All in all, it was a very backward way of life. 
All the large companies must dislike doing business here-after all, the people here didn’t have any money! 
Moreover, most of the buildings here were low-rise, and the paint on the walls was peeling. Ever since Nora drove into the area, she could smell the exposed food on the streets rotting. The streets were very dirty and messy. 
Entities like the Imperial League or the Hunt Corporation rarely found themselves here. 
Nora started the car again and drove into a dilapidated building. 
As soon as the car drove in, five to six burly men immediately appeared in front. At the sight of their car, they rushed up to Trueman and greeted him. “Mr. Yale!” 
Trueman nodded. One of them said, “Mr. Yale, you’re finally here. Since we were not sure when you’d return, we haven’t cooked yet. I’ll make something for you right away!” 
After driving for two days and taking muscle relaxants each day, Nora was rather tired. 
She got out of the car. When she was about to take Xander to find someplace to rest, Trueman suddenly grinned and said, “No need.” 
Then, he said, “My little servant! Go make your master something to eat!” 
Nora instantly frowned.
Just as she was about to say something, Trueman sneered and said, “Otherwise, Xander won’t be allowed to eat today!” 
Nora felt that the man must be a lunatic. Yet it seemed like he simply took pleasure in bullying her. 
Seeing the playful look in his eyes, Nora’s eyes flashed a little. Suddenly, her lips curled into a smile. She patted Xander’s hand and slowly said with a smile, “Sure.”
###Chapter 967
Nora replied and looked at the person welcoming Trueman. She asked, “Where’s the kitchen?” 
The person looked at Trueman and then at Nora before saying, “Follow me.” 
The entire building seemed to be Trueman’s property. Nora followed the man to the kitchen. As soon as she entered, she heard a clear voice. “Is Young Master here? I’ll cook for him immediately.” 
Before she could finish, the person retorted, “No, you go out!” 
The chef turned around looking a little stunned. 
Her face was dark as if she had been tanned in some place. She had small eyes and a big face. She did not go out even when told to leave. She asked, “Why?” 
The man who led Nora in was named Harry. He was the boss when Trueman was not around. When he heard her, he spat. “What do you mean why? I told you to go out, so go out! Young Master wants to eat food made by this person! Hurry up and scram!” 
The chef looked unhappy. “Fine, I’ll go out! Why are you talking to me like this?! I was specially invited by Young Master to cook! Every time Young Master comes over, he eats food cooked by me. Is her cooking so good?” 
The chef looked at Nora warily. 
Nora did not care. She thought about it and suddenly said, “Then go cook for Xander.” The chef was stunned. “Who’s Xander?” Nora: “…My son.” Harry had seen Xander, of course. When Nora came into the kitchen, Xander wanted to follow her, but his little head was spinning after traveling for two days straight. He was already tired. 
Therefore, Nora got Harry to take Xander to the bed upstairs to rest.
On the way to the kitchen, she had already seen about seven to eight people in this dilapidated building, but all of them were burly men. She finally met a woman in the kitchen… 
Furthermore, Nora had also asked Harry. She knew that other than the chef, no one else could cook, so she asked the chef to cook for Xander. 
As for what she could cook… ahem. 
Nora did not make any comments. 
The chef still wanted to say something, but Harry waved his hand. “This kitchen is to cook for Young Master. Go to the small kitchen on the side.” 
The chef went to the small kitchen. Nora then rolled up her sleeves and prepared to cook. 
However, when she turned around, she saw Trueman standing at the door gawking at her. Nora raised her eyebrows and asked, “Why are you here?” 
“I was afraid you would poison me.” 
IIII 
Although Nora really wanted to poison him, he had brought the scanner from god knows where to check her entire body from head to toe before confiscating all weapons and poisons she had on her. 
She was really unable to poison him even if she wanted to. 
eman
She ignored Trueman and picked up the steak beside her. “I’ll cook steak for you? This is the most common dish I ate overseas.” 
Trueman knew about this. 
After all, for so many years, he had been sending people to monitor Nora’s every move. 
Trueman nodded. He saw Nora throw the steak into the frying pan and light the fire. 
Nora seared the steak familiarly. Trueman walked behind her and asked, “Have you cooked steak for Justin before?” 
Nora: “?” 
She glanced at the corner of his mouth. “No.” 
Trueman’s eyes lit up as a smile appeared on his face. 
Five minutes later, Nora moved the steak from the pan to the plate and handed it to Trueman. 
Trueman praised, “Little servant, you know how to properly serve your master now. Not bad. It looks like I didn’t teach you in vain… This improvement is really good!” 
As he said this, he saw Nora swallowing; she seemed to have smelled the delicious aroma. 
He thought about how they had been eating and drinking on the road these past two days. In order not to let Old King find their traces, they had indeed been surviving direly. 
She had not eaten well. All she could have was bread and water. 
When they were about to reach their destination, there was not much bread left, so she simply gave it all to Xander. He and Nora had not eaten for twelve hours.
Trueman cut his steak into two and brought half of it to Nora’s mouth. “You eat first.”
###Chapter 968
Nora looked at Trueman in surprise. To be honest, she was indeed hungry after remaining hungry for twelve hours. 
Therefore, when she smelled the meat earlier, she indeed got hungry. 
However, was this person really that kind? 
Just as she thought of this, she heard Trueman snort coldly and say evilly, “I’ll have you test it for poison!” 
“… I can’t poison you without any drugs!” Nora complained silently, but she felt that this suited Trueman’s character. She put half of the steak in her mouth without hesitation and began cooking a second steak. 
When Trueman saw that she had eaten, he lowered his head in satisfaction and looked at his half. He asked, “Hehe, Justin didn’t even get to eat my little servant’s steak, but I got your first time?” 
Nora: “” 
Why did it sound so wrong? 
She suspected that Trueman was doing it on purpose. 
She ignored Trueman as he cut a small piece of the steak and placed it in his mouth before beginning to chew it. 
The steak was marinated, so it tasted good. 
Trueman took a bite and the fresh juice from the steak slipped into his mouth. He chewed again in satisfaction. 
Nora blinked and looked at him.
Two minutes later, Trueman… was still chewing. 
After another minute, Trueman spat out the steak in his mouth. “What are you cooking? Isn’t the fire too hot? I can’t even swallow the steak!” 
Nora said, “It’s cooked. As long as it’s edible!” 
She had always eaten it like this when she was overseas. 
Because she was not in good health and was afraid of all kinds of parasites, whenever she cooked steak, she would cook it very well and then leave it on the flame for another while. Although such a steak was difficult to chew, it was the same in her stomach if she swallowed it in one gulp! 
Trueman: !!! 
Nora spoke again, “Yes, I know my own cooking skills. That’s why I never make things difficult for Justin. I don’t hold a grudge against him.” 
Trueman: “!!!!!” 
He was really angry this time! 
He had originally thought that it was her first time cooking steak for someone. He did not expect her to be holding a grudge against him! 
Trueman came to Nora’s side angrily. “Go 
away!” 
Nora took a step back.
Trueman reached out. “Give me the pan!” 
Nora handed the pan to him. 
Trueman began to cook his own steak. 
A piece of steak was flipped over a few times. Trueman cooked the steak skillfully. The fire was just right. After he scooped it onto the plate, he glanced at Nora, who was staring at the meat in his hand as he handed the plate over. “Eat half of it and test for poison!” 
After taking two bites of Trueman’s steak, Nora finally realized how overcooked her steaks were. In the past, she was always afraid that her steaks would be undercooked, and thus, ended up with steaks simply too difficult to swallow. 
Trueman finished cooking the last piece of steak and looked up to see Nora eating. Her mouth was bulging like a little hamster, looking a little like the way Xander ate. Trueman lowered his eyes and looked at the two half steaks on the plate. He pursed his lips. After Nora finished eating, she said, “I’ll go see what Xander is eating.” 
Trueman did not stop her. 
Nora went out. 
The chef had been told to send food upstairs from the small kitchen. She had probably gone to serve food to Xander. 
Harry stood staring at Trueman in shock as Nora left the kitchen. “Young Master, this is?” 
“A servant.” 
Trueman said coldly.
Harry instantly heaved a sigh of relief. When he saw Young Master cook for her personally, he had thought that Young Master had taken a liking to this woman. Was this woman going to be their mistress? 
But she was also a servant. 
With this in mind, he heard Trueman say again, “Mine.” 
Harry: ? 
Trueman looked at him coldly. “She’s my servant.” 
Harry: “!!” 
He instantly understood what Young Master meant! 
On the other hand, Nora went upstairs. When she reached the top stair, she heard the chef scolding someone. “Little bastard, I’m serving Young Master. On what basis should I serve 
you?”
###Chapter 969
Two minutes ago. 
The chef entered the room with two plates of lasagna. 
She took the two plates of lasagna off the tray and placed them on the dining table. Then, she looked at Xander and asked, “What is your relationship with Mr. Yale?” 
After speaking, the chef frowned and asked further, “Are you Mr. Yale’s illegitimate son?” 
A child like him was actually staying in her master’s bedroom. 
The chef was terribly displeased. 
The moment she voiced the questions, Xander curled his lips disdainfully. 
On the way there, Trueman hadn’t been nice to him at all. Moreover, their relationship didn’t use to be like that in the past, but his father had now become extremely scary. 
This made Xander curl his lips as he retorted, “Of course not! How could he possibly be my father?!” 
His Daddy Trueman wasn’t someone like that! 
The chef was taken aback for a moment when she heard his response. Then, she took off the cover on one of the plates and handed it to Xander. 
The lasagna on the plate was clearly cooked in an extremely perfunctory manner. The pasta was undercooked, and the sauce was watery. 
The layer of cheese on top was almost non-existent, and it even smelled a little bad. 
The chef stood in front of him and looked at him arrogantly as she said, “Your mom told me to make you some food. Hah, who does she think she is? Does she think a servant like her can order me around? I
am someone who serves Mr. Yale, and he even once complimented my cooking! Who do you think you are? Never mind that an insignificant servant’s child like you is staying here, but she even wants me to make food for you? What an ignorant woman! 
“Tell me, you little bastard, what is your mom’s relationship with Mr. Yale? Why does he prefer her cooking over mine?” 
Xander curled his lips disdainfully and looked at the woman in front of him. “Mommy’s relationship with that guy is none of your business!” 
Xander had never been one to let anyone give him the short end of the stick, so he took off the cover on the other plate by himself. 
The lasagna on that plate looked and smelled delicious. The tomato sauce was rich and meaty, and it was even topped with a lovely layer of gooey mozzarella cheese and parsley. It was obvious at a glance that it was cooked properly for her employer. 
Xander pointed at the plate of lasagna and said, “I want this plate of lasagna!” 
“No, you can’t have it!” 
The chef stopped him. 
Xander immediately asked, “Why?” 
The chef immediately picked up the plate of lasagna and held it behind her. She said, “I’m someone who only serves Mr. Yale, you little bastard. Why should I wait on you instead?” 
“… Who do you think you’re calling a little bastard?” said Xander.
“You, of course!” The chef sneered. The next moment, Xander overturned the plate of lasagna and flipped it right at the chef! “Ahhh! That hurts! You little bastard! You must be sick of living!” 
Nora, who heard their exchange the moment she came up the stairs, hurriedly pushed the door open, where she immediately saw the chef storming toward Xander. Her arm was raised, and she was about to hit him. 
The look in Nora’s eyes darkened as she immediately kicked over an old shabby wooden chair next to her. 
The chair flew straight toward the chef, hitting her hard on her back. The impact caused the chef to stumble forward, and she fell to the ground. 
After the commotion, Xander, who had spotted Nora, immediately scrambled off the bed and went behind Nora. 
Nora didn’t use that much strength this timeafter all, she had been drugged. Because of this, the chef managed to quickly get back up. When she looked behind her and saw Nora, she immediately yelled, “How dare you hit me?! Do you know who I am? I’m going to tell Mr. Yale what happened right away! And have him get rid of the two of you!” Almost as soon as she finished speaking, a voice came from the door. “Tell me what?”
###Chapter 970
When Nora heard Trueman’s grating voice, she immediately frowned. 
Crap. 
That guy was currently not only having a ball of a time making fun of her, but also feeling great distaste toward Xander. Now that she had beaten up his little chef, he was definitely going to use it against her again. She frowned and put her arms around Xander. Then, she looked at the chef and said warningly, “It’s nothing. Your master is already very tired, isn’t he?” Seeing her behavior, the chef immediately knew that she was backing down, so she immediately retorted, “What do you mean ‘nothing’? Why didn’t you say it was ‘nothing’ when you hit me just now? Mr. Yale, you must help me out here!” 
After speaking, she immediately ran up to Trueman and grabbed his sleeve. “Mr. Yale, that little bastard demanded that I serve him! Hah, but why should I? You personally hired me as your chef, and you once said that I am allowed to serve only you! On top of that, he even wanted to eat the lasagna I made for you! When I refused, he flipped the plate of lasagna at me! It really hurt! And that woman, too! Boohoo, she actually hit me!” 
The look in Trueman’s eyes turned a little displeased, and he looked at Nora darkly. “She hit you?” 
The chef nodded repeatedly. “Yes. Not only did she hit me, but she also scolded me. Boohoo, I only cooked a plate of lasagna for the child because I found him pitiful. What makes them think they can boss me around? And even hit me if I refuse to obey their orders?” 
The chef’s face was dripping with tears. 
Nora looked at Trueman warily, wondering how the man was going to make things difficult for her because of this issue. 
But when she was thinking about it, she instead saw Trueman stroking his chin. He suddenly smiled and did something jarringtaking out a pair of glasses and putting them on. Then, his voice turned sinister as
he said, “Maybe it’s the fact that he is also your master?” 
The chef was stunned. “What did you say, Mr. Yale?” 
Trueman’s expression was dark and sinister as he repeated, “I said, it’s because he is also your master!” 
Then, Trueman shouted toward the outside, “Harry!” 
“Coming, Mr. Yale!” 
Harry arrived upon the summons. When he saw the bespectacled Trueman, he was a little taken aback. “Mr. Yale?”. 
Trueman… No, one should call him Caleb now instead. Caleb pointed to the chef and ordered, “Take her out and teach her the rules. Let her know who she can mess with and who she can’t! Also, get another chef here to make something for the child to eat.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Harry shivered. He immediately lowered his head, grabbed the chef, and led her out. 
The chef yelled, “Mr. Yale! Mr. Yale…!” 
“Shut up!” Harry covered the chef’s mouth at once. “Are you still courting death even at this moment?! Have an idea of who you’ve just offended!” 
The chef continued to let out muffled cries as she was taken away. 
In the room. 
At the sight of Caleb, all the tension melted away from Nora’s head.
Caleb rubbed his temples and sighed. “He didn’t do anything outrageous when I was away, did he?” 
Nora paused and then said, “No, he didn’t.” 
“Good.” 
Caleb sighed and pulled over a chair in the room. “Xander, we’ll get you something yummy soon, okay?”. 
Xander looked at Caleb, finding the man’s behavior very novel. He nodded and replied, “Okay.” 
Then, Nora looked at Caleb and suddenly asked, “Can he hear what I’m saying to you right now?” 
“No, he can’t.” 
Caleb added, “He will only know when we converse.” 
“Good to know that.” Nora sat on the bed. “I want to talk to you about psychotherapy.”
###Chapter 971
Caleb was obviously stunned by her words. It seemed that he had never considered the suggestion before. He broke into a frown and asked, “Would you be able to cure me?” 
Caleb had multiple personality disorder. Bluntly put, he had schizophrenia. 
Nora had indeed cured someone of it before. 
She nodded. “Yeah, I can.” 
Caleb stayed quiet for a long while before he finally asked, “To what extent can it be cured?” Nora thought for a while and then answered, “If nothing goes wrong, I can stop Trueman from ever appearing again.” 
Caleb fell silent. 
He heaved a small sigh and said, “In that case, we can’t do that yet.” 
“Why?” 
Nora asked in surprise. 
A resigned Caleb replied, “Because only Trueman knows where the V16 is. So far, I haven’t found any info about the V16.” 
Nora nodded. “Don’t worry about that. Mental illnesses are not something that can be cured overnight. It takes time. I can get started on the preparations for you first.” After Caleb nodded, he sighed again and said, “Actually, it doesn’t really matter if I get it cured or not.” 
He cast his eyes down and said, “When I get the V16, I will give it to Xander. I won’t be using it myself. When Xander gets the last remaining V16, I will die. So it doesn’t matter if it is cured or not. And if the
three of us cannot outwit Trueman, he will become very strong when he injects himself with the V16. By then, I’m afraid you won’t be able to treat me anymore.” 
Nora was about to persuade him to accept the medical treatment when Caleb said, “But we can still try having it treated. For now, it’s good enough as long as I can show up more often and occupy the body for a longer time. This way, it’ll also be convenient for me to look for clues.” 
Nora breathed a sigh of relief. “Yeah.” 
After a while, the new chef that Harry had found brought them the meal prepared for Xander. Xander glanced at Caleb and started digging in obediently. Xander seemed exceptionally distant toward Caleb. 
Nora thought about it for a moment. Xander had feelings for Trueman instead of Caleb. Just as a touch of hesitation flashed across her eyes, Caleb said, “Trueman doesn’t let me anywhere near Xander, for fear that I will take him away. So, all these years, he has been the one taking care of Xander.” 
Then, Caleb smiled and added, “But it’s not true that we haven’t had any contact with each other at all either. Xander, do you remember how you insisted on asking for medical books when you were four years old?” 
Xander paused for a moment, then he raised his head and looked at him. “How did you know that?” 
When he was four, many of the animals around him had died. Xander wanted to save them, but Trueman had said with a sneer, “You? Saving people is what doctors do! What does it have to do with you?” Xander had retorted at the time, “Then I will become a doctor! Daddy, teach me how to become a doctor!” 
When Trueman heard this, he thought of something and sneered, “I hate doctors the most! You can’t study medicine!”
In the past, throwing a tantrum had worked whenever Xander wanted something. This time, however, no matter how much he begged, Trueman simply didn’t agree. He said, “Who do you think your little animals went to? And who do you think operated on them? You can be anything you want except a doctor!” 
The executioners in the mysterious organization were all professionals and doctors who, in the name of scientific research, had long since forgotten their basic moral boundaries as human beings. 
Moreover, all those people around Truemanalmost one thousand of them—who had died while he was growing up had not been given proper burials but were dissected by the doctors instead. 
In fact… Some who weren’t even dead had also been taken away for live human experiments. 
It was a very cruel reality. 
Dissecting the human body and observing the probability of people surviving various situations that challenged human limits were the best ways to understand the structure and limits of the human body. 
Of course, it was said that they had taken reference from the actions of a country that obtained a lot of invaluable data from conducting similar brutal experiments on prisoners of war. This led to that country becoming more advanced than others in various medical fields. 
That was why Trueman hated doctors the most, especially the ones who studied biotechnology. 
But Xander didn’t know that; he just wanted to save his friends. In fact, he had already gouged out a rabbit’s heart and put it into a dog’s 
body… 
He then went on a hunger strike and told Trueman that he would starve himself to death if he was not allowed to study medicine.
Trueman didn’t give in at first. 
But Xander was stubborn, and he never relented on things that he had already made up his mind on, so he stopped eating and drinking for real. 
Three days later, the little Xander fainted. 
By the time he next awoke, there was a tray next to him. On it was a juicy hamburger on a plate, as well as a USB flash drive. 
Next to the USB flash drive was a fiercely-written note: “You can only study medicine behind my back. If I find out, I will confiscate everything.” 
Xander might have grown up locked up in a basement, but he did have access to the Internet and a computer. 
He understood something there and then. He got up, ate the burger, and then inserted the USB flash drive into the computer. Sure enough, inside the flash drive were vast amounts of educational material about medicine. 
Xander knew that his Daddy Trueman had an awkward personality, so he strictly followed his orders and only studied medicine in secret, when Trueman was away. 
Once Trueman returned, he would immediately stop studying At that time, he’d merely thought that Trueman was throwing a temper tantrum, but now that he thought about it again… 
Xander seemed to have realized something. “You were the one who gave me that flash drive?” 
Caleb sighed, stretched out his hand, and ruffled Xander’s hair. Xander froze but didn’t push him away.
He then heard Caleb say, “You’re just as stubborn as him, so I didn’t have any other choice but to adopt a solution that offered the best of both worlds.” Xander lowered his head, ate a mouthful of food, and then whispered, “Thank you.” 
Caleb didn’t say anything. Instead, he got up and walked out. “You guys dig in first. I’ll go and deal with that old chef.” 
Nora immediately said, “Her mistake doesn’t warrant a death.” 
Although this was a place that none of the countries it bordered on cared about, and many things operated in a corrupt manner here, Nora had never been one to show blatant disregard for human life. 
The chef had been disrespectful to her and her son, but beating her up was already enough. There was no need to kill her. 
Caleb turned around and smiled wryly at her. “Of course. Do you think I’m Trueman?” 
Then, he went out the door after speaking. 
Nora and Xander shared the plate of lasagna. 
After they finished the food, Nora told Xander to lie down and rest. She suddenly asked, “Have you really never seen him wearing glasses all this time?” 
Xander answered, “No.” 
Nora was about to ask another question when Xander suddenly turned to look at her. He said, “Mommy, it’s Daddy who won’t let me see him.” 
Nora was taken aback.
Xander looked straight at Nora with a bit of dejection and sadness in his eyes. He said, “Daddy said he was a bad person and told me not to meet him. But now it seems that Daddy is the bad person instead, right?”
###Chapter 972
Nora looked intently at Xander in front of her. 
Earlier, when Xander first returned to them, in order to better get along with the child, neither Nora nor Justin had said anything negative about Trueman to Xander. 
After all, for the past five years, Trueman was the child’s only kin. 
However, ever since Xander stole the V16 and gave it to Trueman, Nora was filled with regrets. She should have taught her son to differentiate between good and evil. 
Seeing that Xander was finally bringing up the topic, she kept quiet for a while before she finally said, “True evil doesn’t really exist in this world, Xander, and everyone has a dark side deep down in their hearts. But as humans, we should safeguard our moral boundaries and stick to them. No matter what we do, even if we act a little selfish for our own sakes, we mustn’t cross that boundary.” 
Trueman had taught Xander to be unscrupulous and resort to any means available to achieve his goals. 
This was apparent from how Xander had frequently bullied the nannies and security guards when he was living with Nora and Justin. The little guy was a devil through and through. Fortunately, he was still young and kind-hearted by nature, which was the only reason why he wouldn’t do anything illegal. 
However, a child’s personality was already cemented by the time they turned five years old. 
Xander’s heretical and dark personality had become ingrained in him. 
For some, their childhood could heal whatever suffering they experience in their lifetime. 
But for others, it took a lifetime to heal the suffering from their childhood experiences. 
Those five years spent in darkness had already led Xander astray.
Therefore, Nora taught him things differently from how she taught Cherry and Pete. She wanted Xander to keep to his moral boundaries. 
Xander, who seemed to vaguely understand, nodded. However, he persisted and asked again, “So, is Daddy Trueman really a bad person?” 
Was he really a bad person? 
Nora didn’t answer him directly. She only stroked his hair and said, “People should not be defined by the concepts of ‘good’ and ‘bad’. Although he is a pitiable man, it doesn’t give him the right to take revenge on society just because of his unfortunate circumstances. Xander, I want you to know this-you are still young, so educating and nurturing you are our responsibilities. Real parents never contrive against their children when nurturing them. So, if he ever asks you to do anything that brings harm to yourself, please reject him.” 
Xander was stunned when he heard her words. 
As he looked at Nora, he seemed to truly understand in this instant what parents were supposed to be. 
After having a heart-to-heart talk with Xander and gaining a deeper understanding of the child’s thoughts, Nora coaxed him to sleep and then went out of the room. 
As soon as she stepped out the door, she saw Harry dragging a suitcase and walking out. 
The suitcase was huge, and it seemed that there was something very heavy inside. 
Nora didn’t pay it much heed. However, when the two passed by each other, Nora suddenly stopped and turned to look at Harry.
Harry gave her a smile and left quickly without saying anything. But the smell of blood coming from the suitcase wafted in the air, causing Nora to narrow her eyes. 
Only then did she enter the room, where she immediately saw Caleb cleaning his hands with a wet wipe. He wiped them very meticulously, cleaning his hands one finger at a time. Finally, he tossed the wet wipe into the trash can beside him. 
It was then that he finally turned and looked behind him. He seemed a little taken aback at the sight of Nora, but the next moment, he smiled and asked, “Is something up, Nora?” 
Nora cast her eyes down. Suddenly, she asked, “What did you decide to do with that chef in the end?” 
Without any change in his expression, Caleb replied, “I got Harry to send her away.” “Is that so?” 
Nora suddenly pointed to a headband next to her on the floor. “If so, you guys forgot to take her headband with you.” 
The headband was stained all over with blood.
###Chapter 973
The look in Caleb’s eyes changed dramatically at once. 
Nora stared hard at him and said, “Therefore, you can drop the act, Trueman!” 
Upon hearing this, a smile suddenly formed on Caleb’s countenance, and it was as though even his voice had changed, becoming sharp and piercing. He removed his glasses and said, “My, my. You’re pretty sharp, aren’t you, my little servant?” 
After speaking, he licked his lips and then looked at the headband on the floor. Then, he snorted and said, “I’m the only one who can order my servant around. Does she think she can order you guys around too? Is she even worthy of doing so?” 
Though his words were what a bossy CEO might say, they instead made Nora’s hair stand on end. 
Just because the chef showed disrespect toward her and Xander, Trueman had killed her? 
That guy was too bloodthirsty! 
In addition, Trueman had even pretended to be Caleb… In that case, did that mean that Nora would have to pay special attention to him in the future when he was switching to his other personality? 
Also, when exactly did Caleb turn into Trueman? 
The psychotherapy she brought up just now… Was he Trueman or Caleb at that time? 
Nora couldn’t quite tell anymore! 
From the start, the two of them were one and the same. On top of that, they were primary and secondary personalities who could converse with each other. It couldn’t get any easier for them to pretend to be each other!
While Nora was deep in thought, Trueman started walking toward her, making the look in Nora’s eyes turn even darker and deeper. 
After Trueman came up to Nora, he lowered his head and said with a smile, “My little servant, I know that both you and Caleb want the V16, as well as the fact that Caleb will definitely give the V16 to you after he gets his hands on it. He has already lost the will to live a long time ago. To be honest, it’s not impossible for me to give you the V16… If you agree to a condition of mine, I will yield the only chance of survival to Xander. How does that sound?” 
A condition? 
Nora looked at him warily. She wasn’t naive enough to think that Trueman’s condition would be that easy to fulfill. 
Sure enough, the next moment, a smiling Trueman continued, “Give birth to my child. When I have a descendant, I will give you the V16.” 
Nora’s expression changed dramatically upon hearing his words. “You pervert!” 
“Pervert?” 
Trueman suddenly laughed. “Why do I find it such a dependable transaction, though? What do you think? I’ll give you five days to think about it. Five days later, Xander will be ready for the injection. By then, we’ll have to decide for real which one of us will be using the V16!” 
After speaking, he patted Nora on the shoulder and added, “Do think about it carefully, my little servant.” 
II 
11
On the outskirts of town. 
Harry, together with two of his subordinates, removed the chef’s body from the suitcase. 
There were injuries all over the chef’s body, who had died a very miserable death. 
The sight made the two subordinates shiver all over, and even their voices were trembling as they spoke. They turned to Harry and asked, “Hey Harry, d-didn’t she get beaten up a little too badly? Why was Mr. Yale so angry?” 
Harry stared hard at the two of them and replied, “Because she offended someone she shouldn’t have!” 
The two men understood immediately. 
“It seems that the woman and child that Mr. Yale brought back with him have a special place in his heart! Keep your eyes peeled and take care not to make foolish mistakes in the future!” 
“Has Mr. Yale taken a fancy to that woman? She certainly is very pretty…” As the two chatted, they dug a pit and buried the chef. 
Next to them, Harry looked at the two hesitantly, but in the end, he merely heaved a sigh. Ignorance was bliss sometimes!! 
The chef was also pretty unlucky. She sure had offended the wrong person!!
###Chapter 974
Nora returned to Xander’s room. 
At the thought of the disgusting conditions that Trueman had put forward, she felt as if she couldn’t breathe. 
She hadn’t expected Trueman to actually say something like that. 
Someone knocked on the door at this point. 
Nora turned and looked behind to see the new cook, the one that Harry had just found, walking in. 
With her head lowered, the cook gave her an ingratiating smile as soon as she entered, and then said, “I’m here to clear the plates, Miss.” 
As it turned out, the plates from Xander’s meal just now hadn’t been cleared yet. 
Nora nodded. 
The cook had obviously been given a heads-up by Harry, so she did not dare to slight Nora. She came forward and treated Nora as though she was her mistress. 
With her head lowered, she walked up to the table. After collecting the plates, she suddenly looked at Nora and asked, “Do you want dessert, Miss? I can make you some.” Nora shook her head. “No need.” 
The cook lowered her head and laughed. “Alright. Having something sweet will make you feel better, though.” 
When she said that, Nora was taken aback. 
She suddenly looked at the cook.
A while later, she finally got up and said, “You’re right. Xander had been tense and scared the whole way here. Let’s make some dessert in the kitchen so that he can have some ready when he wakes up.” 
“Huh? I can just make some by myself and bring it up for you.” 
“No, it’s fine. Let’s go.” 
Nora took the lead while the cook followed behind her holding the plates and cutlery. As soon as the two left the room, sure enough, they saw Trueman leaning against the wall watching them. A heretical smile hung on the corners of his lips as he said, “Make me some too.” 
rner 
Nora rolled her eyes but did not refuse. “Okay.” 
“My little servant sure is gaining more and more self-awareness.” Trueman smiled. Just as he was about to follow them, Nora suddenly stopped and said, “Trueman, if you follow me everywhere like this, you are going to give me a certain impression.” 
Trueman was taken aback. “What?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “You are going to make me think that you’re in love with me.” 
Trueman was instantly dumbfounded. After a whole two seconds, he finally lost his temper and snapped, “No way! You sure think really highly of yourself!” 
Nora didn’t say anything else but merely raised her eyebrows. 
A furious Trueman immediately entered his bedroom at the side. 
Only then did Nora follow the cook downstairs and enter the kitchen.
The cook turned on the stove and boiled some water. Now that there were some sounds in the background, she suddenly lowered her voice and said, “My name is Winnie. Mr. Hunt sent me to help you.” 
As she spoke, she added some sugar and other ingredients to the pot. 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
That’s right. What the cook said about how having something sweet would make one feel better had allowed Nora to recognize the other party’s identity. 
Those were Cherry’s words. 
It was just that Nora suspected that she was being monitored in the room upstairs, so she hadn’t dared to take any action. Now that they were in the kitchen and boiling water, with the steam providing the two of them cover, as well as the sound of the exhaust hood running in the kitchen, the two finally dared to converse. 
Nora also lowered her voice. “Where is he?” 
After Trueman lost his ship, his finances were also sanctioned by King. 
His decision to make his way here had been a last-minute one. Additionally, Trueman was also very careful the whole way here, so Nora had thought that Justin would not be able to find them so soon. 
But unexpectedly, the man was pretty efficient. 
Winnie replied, “He’s in the town. I can go out to buy groceries once a day. Mr. Hunt said that once you are ready, he can storm the place with his men any time. Is there any message you would like me to pass on to him? Are you safe at the moment?” “Yes, I’m safe.”
Nora was also helping out by looking for ingredients like milk and so on. She kept her head down and tried her best to keep her lip movements subtle as she spoke. She said, “Tell him not to act rashly. Don’t alert the enemy before I find the V16. Both Xander and I are safe, don’t worry.” “Okay, I’ll pass on the message later.” 
Winnie raised her head and gave Nora a smile. “I can take care of the rest by myself, Miss. You can go back.” 
“Alright. The cooking will take a while, so make sure to watch the heat.” 
“Okay.” 
The two conversed normally for a while more before Nora finally left the kitchen. 
As soon as she went up the stairs, she got a shock-Trueman was standing right in front of her and staring straight at her. 
Nora ignored him and got ready to enter the room to sleep with Xander. 
However, Trueman grabbed her arm. “Hey, so, what do you think of the conditions I mentioned earlier?” 
“… I’m not very impressed.” 
Nora looked at him. “I’m a human being, not a machine. Besides, if you want children, there is no lack of people willing to have your baby, is there?” 
“But I don’t want to go to them,” Trueman immediately replied. 
Nora frowned.
Trueman, who felt embarrassed, became a little angry. “Are you protecting your chastity because of Justin Hunt? Just because you bore him three children?! Do you know that the children you gave birth to back then should have been mine?!” 
As soon as he said that, Nora’s head suddenly whipped up, and she looked at him in disbelief. “What did you say?” 
Trueman sneered, “I said, the children you gave birth to back then should have been mine! Your pregnancy back then was a conspiracy from the start!” 
Nora stared at him. “So you were the one who devised that scheme against me back then, weren’t you?” 
“Yup.” 
Trueman spoke without hesitation. He said, “The moment you were born, your mother injected you with an enhanced version of the gene serum. You had to give birth once you turned eighteen years old, so that you could expel part of the gene serum, or else you would have suffered its backlash! The old King’s plan back then was to have me conceive a baby with you! This way, in order to save our child, you would have had to do anything I said!” 
Nora clenched her fists. “Then why was it changed to Justin?” 
Why was it changed to Justin? 
Because he didn’t want to do it, of course! 
Putting aside the fact that Nora had been so fat back then that one couldn’t tell what her facial features looked like at all—so there was no way he would let such an ugly woman bear his child – he had also been resistant to everything arranged by the old King at that time!
Therefore, when the Imperial League’s old butler approached him and told him to conceive a baby with Nora, Trueman had rejected him at once. He had raised his chin high and said, “No, I’m not doing it! It’ll do as long as we find her another man, right? Find her someone more handsome! In my opinion, that American named Justin Hunt is the most good-looking! Have him complement her 
genes!” 
That one line of his got the people from the Imperial League to secretly take action, leading to Justin and Nora spending the night together… 
Of course, Trueman didn’t know that Justin had already taken the King mantle by then. 
When the butler received the news, he thought of the old King’s wishes, and thus, agreed to it as well. As such, Justin had actually been duped by his own men. 
Otherwise, how could someone as powerful as Justin possibly be drugged by anyone? And even forget what had happened that night? 
This all came later, though. Trueman’s face flushed red in this instant. 
He looked at Nora. 
Who would have thought that Nora would be this attractive after she slimmed down?! 
In addition… It was only when he returned to the United States later and deliberately made contact with her that he found out that the woman was no blockhead. Apart from being a beauty, she was also really interesting! 
But it was too late. 
Everything was too late.
If he had gone along with the old King’s plans and conceived a child with her, would their relationship have been different from what it currently was? 
He had pushed the woman into another man’s arms with his own hands… 
But… it wasn’t too late yet either! 
If Nora was willing, she could still conceive a child for him now…
###Chapter 975
“I don’t agree to it.” 
Nora was very firm. Even if the one standing in front of her was Trueman, a man with a strange temperament, provoking whom might easily bring her trouble, there were still some boundaries that must be protected. 
Sure enough, Trueman frowned and snorted coldly. “Aren’t you afraid that I will kill Xander?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “If you kill him, you won’t have anything to threaten me with anymore. Also, if you even lay a finger on him, I will make you wish you were dead!” 
Toward the end of her sentence, Nora’s voice became awfully sinister. 
Her reaction startled even the man standing in front of her. 
Trueman’s eyes flickered a little. Seemingly having thought of something, he snorted coldly and narrowed his eyes. “There’s no rush. Sooner or later, I will make you bear my child willingly!” 
After speaking, he left. 
After leaving Nora’s room, he entered his own room on the third floor. 
His room had great soundproofing. People outside wouldn’t be able to hear anything being said inside. After the man closed the door, the look in his eyes suddenly changed. 
“What’s the matter? Why do you suddenly want to come out so badly? Do you have something to tell me?” 
“Don’t force her into doing things she doesn’t want to!” 
An air of certainty suddenly entered the man’s voice as he said, “You’re in love with her too!”
“Ha, how can that be?!” 
“I am you, and you are me. I know your true feelings! I didn’t expect us to actually reach a consensus on this matter.” 
“So?” 
“So, if you want her so badly, why don’t you force her to do what you want? I doubt she won’t do as you say if you hold a knife to Xander’s throat!” 
“Ha, you’re having regrets now!” 
“I’m not! Shut up!” 
“You are! She was originally supposed to be your woman! But you rejected her back then!” 
“I told you to shut up!” 
“Hmph, I told you back then that the fatty would be lots of fun, but you didn’t believe me and insisted on going against King, instead. You even looked down on her… You looked down on her in the past, but she has now become someone way above your league!” 
“You make it sound as though you didn’t have a part in rejecting her back then. Thinking about it now, though, did the two of us oppose the marriage so strongly back then because she was so fat? Or was it because it was what the old man wanted us to do?” 
Both of them had been awfully rebellious when they were young. 
No, even now, they were still going against their old man.
Although that man had given them life, he had thrown him and his siblings into hell! The two of them were the only ones who had come out alive. 
Under such circumstances, how would they possibly be able to make peace with what had happened? 
Even if they had become schizophrenic, in this aspect, they’d never had any disagreementsin other words, they would never do as they were told! 
“No matter the reason, since we have already lost her, there’s nothing else we can do! You can’t do this to her! This is your fate!” 
“Shut up! I told you, I will never accept this fate! If I was going to do that, then why wouldn’t I live like how the old man wanted me to?” 
Both of them were rather angry, and both their voices had become sharp and piercing, gradually making it hard to tell them apart. 
When they were young, they were too weak and could only live in the laboratory as though they were mere s. 
Later, when they survived, they began to put up a resistance. The first thing they had done as a sign of defiance toward King was to reject King’s orders for him to conceive a child with Nora… Instead, they had pushed the responsibility to someone else. 
After that, they cut off all contact with King. 
But now that they thought about it, they had done as they were told all their lives, yet they now regretted the one and only thing they had done as an act of defiance. 
What a joke.
Elsewhere. 
Winnie, the cook, went out to buy fresh groceries for that night’s dinner. 
She glanced around outside a vegetable store and then entered. 
As soon as she did, she spied a tall and ruthless figure standing in the shadows. Winnie lowered her head at once and greeted him respectfully. “Mr. Hunt!” 
Although Justin’s demeanor was distant, there was a bit of anxiety in his voice. “How is she?” “Mrs. Hunt is fine. She wants me to tell you to avoid alarming the enemy, and to wait for the right moment.” 
Justin breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay.” 
But after speaking, he noticed that Winnie was hesitating about something. 
“What’s the matter?” He asked. 
Winnie glanced at him, not too sure if she should relay what she had heard. However, her loyalty lay with the man in front of her, so she coughed and said, “I heard Trueman Yale say that he wants Mrs. Hunt to bear him a child. If she does, he will release Xander…” 
Smash! The man crushed the drinking glass in his hand, and his expression turned extremely awful.
###Chapter 976
Chapter 976: Chicken Stew 
Justin’s expression turned sinister. But before he could say anything, Winnie hurriedly added, “But Mrs. Hunt rejected him.” 
This made Justin’s expression mellow a bit. 
After a while, he said, “Go back and protect Nora.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
After Winnie left, Sean and Lawrence finally came out. “Boss, what do we do now? Why don’t we just barge in there, arrest Trueman Yale, and torture him? This way, Ms. Smith won’t be put in a spot anymore.” 
Lawrence was angry and indignant. “Yale sure knows how to flatter himself. How dare he ask Ms. Smith to bear him a child? Hah, he sure thinks highly of himself, doesn’t he?!” 
As soon as he spoke, Sean cleared his throat. 
Only then did Lawrence realize that Justin’s expression had darkened even further. Justin said, “Trueman Yale has a strange temperament. It probably won’t work if we employ forceful measures. Do as she says and bide our time for now, but have our men surround them.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
—
Winnie returned to the small rundown building where they were staying. 
With the vegetables she had bought in her hands, she entered the kitchen and began to prepare dinner. 
Every once in a while, she would raise her head and glance at the upper floors. Only after making sure that nothing was wrong would she then return to dinner preparations with peace of mind. 
It was at this moment that she suddenly heard Harry chatting with a few other people outside. 
“Add some stuff to that woman’s dinner tonight.” 
“What kind of stuff?” 
“Aphrodisiacs, of course. It’s her good fortune that Mr. Yale has taken a fancy to her. We should add some drugs to her dinner so that she can serve him better…” 
“No problem!” 
As they chatted, the few of them entered the kitchen. Harry looked at Winnie and said, “Make some stew tonight.” 
When Winnie heard this, she felt chills run down her spine. 
She wanted to contact Justin, but after Harry and the others gave the order, they stayed in the kitchen and kept a close watch on her, giving her no chance to tip-off Justin at all! 
Winnie became terribly anxious. As she prepared dinner, she tried to think of a way to resolve the situation. Mr. Hunt had already given her instructions that Mrs. Hunt and Xander’s safety took top priority!
Winnie took a deep breath. Under the watchful eyes of Harry and the others, she made a table full of dishes. 
Soon, it was time for dinner. 
Winnie brought the food to the table, where she then saw Harry pouring a packet of powder into the chicken stew she had just made. Increasingly anxious, she turned to exit the place. 
However, she had only taken a step when Harry asked, “Where are you going?” 
Winnie coughed and answered, “To the bathroom.” 
Harry pointed to the bathroom in the room. “It’s over there.” 
Cold sweat trickled down Winnie’s forehead at once. She lowered her head and gave him an ingratiating smile as she said, “Oh, so that’s where it is. I’ll make a quick trip to the bathroom then.” 
“Yeah, okay!” 
Harry looked at another woman next to him and ordered, “You, go with her.” 
After speaking, Harry looked at the people around him and said, “From now on, none of us are to move about alone. Got it?” 
“Got it!” 
The rest nodded. 
Winnie: !!
She went straight to the bathroom with the other woman, unable to tip-off Justin at all. 
By the time she came back out, she saw that Trueman and Nora were already seated at the dining table. Trueman filled a bowl with the stew and handed it to Nora. “Here, I got them to specially make some chicken stew for you.” 
Nora looked at the bowl of chicken stew but didn’t move. 
A beaming Trueman looked at her. “Why aren’t you eating, my little servant?” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. Left with no other choice, she could only take the bowl of chicken stew from him. 
At the side, Winnie’s expression changed dramatically in an instant!
###Chapter 977
Chapter 977: Just Set It Off now 
Winnie didn’t have the leisure to consider that much anymore. 
Mr. Hunt had told her that Nora and Xander’s safety took first priority. She took a step forward, but when she was about to say something, she saw that Nora, after taking the bowl of stew from Trueman, only took a quick whiff and immediately asked, “What did you add to the stew?” 
Winnie paused. 
Next to her, Harry glanced at her warily and frowned. 
Winnie was so frightened that she hastily lowered her head and pretended to smooth out her clothes, putting on a stiff and reserved appearance. 
At the dining table, Trueman smiled and asked, “What could I possibly add?” 
Nora lowered her eyes. “Don’t forget that I’m Anti.” 
Anti wasn’t just a surgeon. She was also an outstanding researcher in the field of biomedicine. She was trained in alternative medicine and was capable of making a lot of different types of poison. Therefore, how would she possibly not be able to smell the extra “ingredients” in the chicken stew? 
Trueman leaned back on the chair and smiled. “You are so clever, my little servant. Yes, something has indeed been added to the stew.” 
Nora raised her eyebrows. “What is it?”
“Muscle relaxants,” replied Trueman. 
Nora: “?” 
Trueman smiled. “It’s about time the muscle relaxant dosage is increased. Otherwise, what if your body gets used to the dosage and starts building a resistance to it? So, I added some into the stew.” 
Nora didn’t say anything else. 
However, Trueman said, “So, finish it and put me at ease. Otherwise, I’m really afraid that you’ll suddenly appear at my bedside tonight and kill me.” 
“…” 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed. She looked down at the chicken stew and then turned to look at Winnie. “Were you the one who added it to the stew?” 
Winnie shook her head. “N-no, it’s not me… Ma’am… I…” 
She looked at Harry, seemingly asking for help. 
Her acting was pretty good. 
Nora couldn’t tell what Trueman was up to this time, but she picked up a spoon, filled it with a little stew, and then took a small sip. As a fearful Winnie watched on, she said, “It is the muscle relaxant indeed.” 
Winnie: ? 
Muscle relaxant?
Then why did Harry say that it was an aphrodisiac? 
Winnie was no fool. She immediately understood that Harry was trying to sound her out! 
Had she exposed her identity? 
No, that was impossible. 
She had been living here for many years and was an informant that Justin had been keeping here. Originally, she was not in charge of this matter, but rather, had suddenly been assigned the task. 
If she hadn’t exposed herself, then there was only one possibility—Trueman didn’t trust anyone, so everyone was required to undergo a test. 
She must have passed the test, right? 
It was fortunate that she had kept calm, as well as that Nora had identified the drug as a muscle relaxant and not an aphrodisiac. Otherwise, even if she must expose her identity, Winnie would still have prevented her from consuming the bowl of chicken stew. 
She heaved a huge sigh of relief. 
Nora finished the bowl of chicken stew. 
Then, she put down the utensils and got up. “I’m full.” 
Only then did she head upstairs. 
Trueman said to Winnie, “Make a sandwich for Xander.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Winnie entered the kitchen, made a sandwich, and brought it upstairs. 
After entering Nora and Xander’s room, she closed the door and turned behind to look at Nora. Before she could speak, Nora suddenly asked, “Do you have anything you can use to make contact with the outside world?” 
Winnie was surprised. The room should still be under surveillance, so why was Mrs. Hunt being so careless all of a sudden? 
Regardless, she lowered her voice and replied, “Yes, I do. Mr. Hunt said that if an emergency comes up, I can set off the signal flare immediately. Our men have already surrounded the place, so they can storm in right away.” 
As soon as she spoke, Nora sighed and said, “Alright. Then go set it off now.”
###Chapter 978
Chapter 978: Falling Out 
Winnie: ? 
A little stunned, she quite didn’t seem to understand. “What?” 
“Your identity has been exposed.” 
Almost as soon as Nora’s words came out of her mouth, the door was pushed open, and Trueman led Harry and a few people into the room. With a smile on his face, he said, “That’s right. Your identity has been exposed.” 
Winnie was stunned yet again. She subconsciously reached for the smoke bomb, but before she could move, Harry and the others rushed forward and subdued her. 
With an extremely cold look on his face, Trueman ordered, “Kill her!” 
Harry and the others escorted Winnie out. 
As Winnie thought of the previous cook’s fate, she became disheartened. 
But just as they were about to exit the room, a voice suddenly came from behind them. “Wait a minute.” 
Nora said coldly, “Let her go.” 
Trueman clicked his tongue and said, “When are you going to change your bad habit of being a softie? She is just a servant! Yet you’re actually begging for mercy for her?”
There was no way Nora could treat human life with blatant disregard, of course. She repeated, “Let her go.” 
Trueman sneered. “Sure, I can let her go, but only if you bear me a child! If you do that, I can not only let her go but also Xander, and even you!” 
“That’s impossible.” 
Nora flatly rejected his suggestion. 
Trueman was infuriated. “Then why should I listen to you and let her go?” 
Nora sighed. Suddenly, she took a step back and revealed something in her hand. “Because of this.” 
After getting a clear look at what she was holding, Trueman, Harry, and the others’ expressions changed drastically. 
It was a signal flare! 
Even Winnie couldn’t help but take a subconscious look at her pocket. Her signal flare should clearly have been in there. When did Nora get her hands on it? 
As Black Cat, stealing something without anyone realizing was the most basic ability she should have. 
Trueman took a step forward to snatch it from her. 
However, the corners of Nora’s lips curled upward, and she activated the signal flare. 
Bang!
Something that looked like fireworks shot straight out of the window, making a “pop” sound in the sky. 
The signal had been set off. 
At the sight, Trueman became even angrier. With a huge frown on his face, he looked at Nora. “You—!!” 
Nora heaved a quiet sigh. “I originally wanted to work with Caleb to find out the whereabouts of the V16, but now it seems that I can give up on that.” 
Nora lowered her eyes, her expression terribly cold and indifferent. “If I can’t outwit you, then I’ll just have Black Cat interrogate you instead! I believe no one in this world can survive Black Cat’s interrogation.” 
After all, Black Cat was a master of torture! 
At her words, Trueman’s handsome face instantly turned sinister. He said coldly, “Nora, you will regret this! No one can hurt me here!” 
As soon as he spoke, the sound of fierce fighting suddenly came from outside. 
Harry immediately went out to check what was going on. He returned almost immediately and shouted in panic, “Hurry and leave, Mr. Yale! There is a group of people below us! Our guys won’t be able to hold them back!” 
But Trueman didn’t believe him. “That’s impossible! There’s no way she can get so many people here! Especially in such a short time!” 
He went toward the window and glanced outside, whereupon he suddenly smiled and said, “Oh, so it’s King! Hehe, Nora, you’ve really shot yourself in the foot now. Don’t forget that no matter how much I betray him, I am still his son! I’m afraid you’ve asked the wrong person for help!”
The corners of Nora’s lips curled in a smile. “Well, he’s certainly here for his son.”
###Chapter 979
Chapter 979: King! 
The sound of people fighting downstairs was getting closer. 
This showed that King was slowly storming his way upward with his men. 
Because of this unexpected turn of events, Winnie was not taken away but only bound by Harry and thrown aside into a corner of the room. 
Harry guarded the entrance loyally. 
Seeing that the group of people were about to come up, Trueman suddenly said, “Harry, leave.” 
Harry was taken aback. “No, I can’t leave, Mr. Yale!” 
Trueman narrowed his eyes. “The man wearing the mask is my father, he won’t do anything to me. But he is a tyrant and hates people defying him the most. He will never let you off, so it’s better that you leave.” 
When Harry heard him, he glanced outside again. However, he remained firm and said, “I’m not leaving, Mr. Yale! Even if he kills me, I still can’t abandon your side and leave you high and dry!” 
He stayed at the door and kept watch on the outside. 
“My life was all yours when you saved my life back then. I don’t mind even if I must give it back to you today.” 
When Nora heard this, she glanced at Trueman in surprise.
She originally thought that the people here only obeyed Trueman’s orders because he was paying them, but from the looks of it now, it seemed like that wasn’t the case. As it turned out, Trueman surprisingly had his own personal charm too? 
While she was thinking about it, Trueman suddenly looked at her. “Nora, I’d advise you to take Xander and leave this place now. Otherwise, if you fall into his clutches, you will only suffer a fate worse than your mother’s!” 
Trueman frowned, a ruthless look coming into his eyes. He said, “You are so foolish! So, so foolish! To think you would choose to join forces with a man like him… You have no idea just how cruel he is. He used even his own children for experiments simply because his genes would be closest to theirs once the experiments succeed, which would help him complete the genetic modification needed to achieve immortality… A man like him is the devil himself! Just what kind of deal did you make with him?” 
Nora pressed her lips together hard. A while later, she finally asked, “So, you took the V16 and stopped obeying his orders because of this?” 
The old King had conducted experiments on his children, and Trueman was now the only experimental subject who might succeed. 
But Trueman didn’t want to be led by the nose by him, so he had gone against the Imperial League and brought the V16 to a place in the middle of nowhere like this… 
Trueman sneered. “Of course. Why should a cold-blooded animal like him enjoy a long life? Ha, even if I must die, I will never let him extract my genes for research!” 
Nora: “…”
Suddenly, she raised her eyebrows and said, “In that case, where is the V16? Why don’t you give me the V16 now, and I leave with the V16 and Xander? This way, he would never be able to get his hands on your genes, right? If not, sooner or later, he will be able to extract your genes if you fall into his clutches!” 
As soon as she said that, Trueman instantly raised his voice. “Ha, are you trying to provoke me? The V16 is the only thing I can bank on for survival now. Why would I be so stupid as to give it to you?! 
“I am the one in control of my life, and I will never allow anyone to manipulate me ever again!” 
After saying this, Trueman approached the door again. 
The next moment, someone kicked the door of the room open from the outside, and a few people rushed in led by Justin. 
Just as Harry wanted to fight back, he was restrained at once. 
Trueman stared at King. After staring at him for a while, he suddenly frowned. “Y-you are not that old geezer. Who are you? Where’s the old geezer?” 
The last time he met King, Caleb had been relatively far away from him, so he hadn’t been able to get a clear look at King. Moreover, Justin had also covered himself up quite a lot that time. However, the two were standing too close to each other this time. 
They were standing so close to each other that Trueman noticed the other man’s hands immediately. 
It was a pair of youthful hands. 
They weren’t the same wrinkled old hands he had seen ten years ago.
His eyes widened, and he stared at King in disbelief. He repeated, “Who are you?” 
“I am King.” 
Justin answered calmly. 
His answer stunned Trueman, who then asked blankly, “Then where’s the old geezer?” 
Justin paused for a moment. Then, he suddenly took off his mask.
###Chapter 980
Chapter 980: Let Black Cat Interrogate Him 
When the mask was removed and Trueman saw the familiar face behind it, he was dumbfounded. 
He stared blankly at the man in front of him before he broke into a frown. “Ha, so it’s you. In that case, it seems that the Imperial League hasn’t come at all. Or are you saying that you’ve usurped that old geezer’s position and replaced him? Good, very good. I’ve disliked him for the longest time. Where did you lock him up?” 
Justin didn’t speak immediately—he didn’t know what Trueman was thinking. 
But Nora, who had possibly discerned a thing or two, kept quiet for a while before she finally said, “He’s dead.” 
Trueman was taken aback. “What?” 
He looked back at Justin and narrowed his eyes. “That old geezer is dead? How can that be? He is clearly so sick in the head and is even pursuing immortality…” 
Come to think of it, it was indeed ridiculous. 
The one who wanted to live forever was already dead. 
Yet their experiments were still continuing. 
At that instant, Trueman suddenly felt like the mysterious organization’s existence was a joke. 
He still couldn’t believe it.
After a while, he looked at Justin again and asked, “Are you also his son?” 
Justin: “?” 
Trueman didn’t wait for Justin to reply before he smirked and went on. “Even if you are his son, you’re younger than me! If you look at it this way, you have to treat me with the same respect you would show your older brother! 
“My dear little brother, you should be thanking me. If not for me, would you have gotten into a relationship with Nora? How are you going to repay me for finding you such a pretty wife?” 
“…” 
For a moment, Justin found himself at a loss for words. 
Going by their blood ties, Trueman was actually his uncle… 
The old king was indeed sick in the head. 
In order to have a large number of children to conduct experiments on, he had gathered almost a hundred women to conceive children for him. This led to a huge age difference among the old King’s children. 
Going by the old King’s age, he had fathered Trueman only when he was in his fifties. 
This led to Trueman being only two to three years older than Justin, despite being his uncle.
However, he wasn’t inclined to explain all these details to Trueman. After all, why should he get himself an uncle for no reason whatsoever? Besides, someone like Trueman was not worthy of his respect either. 
Justin didn’t say anything, but Trueman’s eyes suddenly reddened. He said, “Ha… Hahaha. I always thought that I was the most special child to him. He had also said that he would hand over the Imperial League to me in the future! Who would have thought that he would still favor you over me in the end?!” 
Even if Trueman knew that he had only survived because of his own persistence and tenacity, it was a fact that Justin had never been injected with the gene serum! 
Justin: “…” 
He still didn’t feel like explaining anything. 
Besides… in a sense, Trueman actually wasn’t wrong in saying that. 
When the old King realized that he still had a surviving daughter, he had chosen to contact Justin. In addition, he had even handed over the Imperial League to him, even though they had only met once! 
This showed that the old King had held doubts about his experiments before his death. 
He was afraid that Trueman had become a monster, so he hadn’t trusted him… 
Changing one’s fate… Could someone still be called human if their genes had been modified? 
Justin didn’t say anything else. Instead, he asked, “Where is the V16?”
“The V16…” Trueman. who felt like all his efforts had become a joke, broke into a smile. “You want the V16? I’m not handing it over!” 
Just as Justin was about to speak, Nora said, “Let’s take a more direct approach—we’ll let Black Cat interrogate him instead.”
###Chapter 981
Chapter 981: The Weirdest Situation Has Arisen 
Justin thought for a moment. It was indeed going to be hard to get Trueman to suddenly grow a conscience and tell the truth. Moreover, they didn’t want to waste any more time either. 
Since they had already surrounded the other party and even captured the man himself, why wait any further? 
Justin nodded. 
He led the others out of the room and closed the door. 
Sean and Lawrence were outside the room. When Lawrence heard their exchange, the puzzled man asked, “Has Black Cat come, Boss? Why is Ms. Smith asking Black Cat to handle the interrogation?” 
Sean: “…” 
Justin ignored him and looked at the others. 
Winnie had already been freed and was currently standing at the side. As for Harry and the others, they had been captured and were glaring at him fiercely. “Don’t hurt Mr. Yale! I’ll do anything you ask!” 
“…”Justin ignored them and looked straight at the room instead. 
No one could escape Black Cat’s interrogation. 
Half an hour later, the door opened. 
Nora came out. 
Justin hurriedly stepped forward and asked, “Did he talk?”
Nora let out a quiet sigh. Somewhat troubled, she replied, “No, he didn’t.” 
Nora had encountered the first obstacle of her life! 
Justin was surprised. “He didn’t?” 
He had faith in her abilities. 
As soon as he spoke, Nora gestured to the room with her chin. 
Justin entered to see Trueman sitting on the sofa hanging his head helplessly with a gentle and wry smile. 
This wasn’t Trueman—he was Caleb. 
Justin: “…” 
“Where’s Trueman?” He asked. 
Caleb sighed. “He won’t come out.” 
“…” 
At the door, Nora also let out a soft sigh. 
Justin suddenly said, “How about doing a body search?” 
A resigned Caleb replied, “I have already searched everywhere. Of course, feel free to have your men search me again.” 
“Okay, I’ll do it.” Nora stepped forward. “I’m also a forensic doctor, so I’m great at body searches. I’ll look at the places that you might have missed.”
Just as she was about to step forward, Justin stopped her. He coughed and said, “Sean and Lawrence are also experts in this aspect. Let them do it instead.” 
Nora wasn’t bothered. She nodded and said, “Okay.” 
Justin glanced at Caleb. For some reason, he seemed to spy a trace of disappointment on his face 
Justin let out a cold snort. With a wave, Sean and Lawrence entered the room. 
Lawrence was still hesitating when he entered the room. “Didn’t you say that Black Cat would be doing the interrogation? Why is Ms. Smith doing it instead… I think we should have Black Cat do it. Ms. Smith can’t do it…” 
Sean covered his mouth and dragged him into the room. 
The door closed. Ten minutes later, it was reopened, and Sean and Lawrence both came out. Both of them looked at Justin and shook their heads. 
Sean said, “I searched all over but didn’t find the V16. I suspect that Trueman doesn’t carry it around with him but has placed it somewhere instead.” 
Lawrence nodded. “We even took off his underwear, but there wasn’t anything.” 
Caleb, who had just exited the room with the two of them: “…” 
When he heard Lawrence, the bespectacled man coughed and glanced at Nora with his cheeks a little red. 
However, Nora wasn’t concerned with their conversation at all.
To be honest… Nora could have subdued Trueman from the start. However, once she realized that Trueman and Caleb were multiple personalities of the same person, she abandoned the thought. 
She was afraid of this exact situation. 
The moment he was caught, Trueman had gone into hiding. 
What was the point of her interrogation when Caleb was already willing to tell her everything? She couldn’t possibly torture Caleb, right? 
That was why she had followed Trueman here, in hopes of tricking him into revealing the location of the V16. 
But Winnie had exposed her identity. 
She couldn’t just watch Winnie die and not do anything about it… 
This had led to their current awkward situation. 
What were they to do now?
###Chapter 982
Chapter 982: I Have A Solution 
“How did Trueman appear in the first place?” 
Nora asked. 
If Trueman refused to appear, then they would have no way of forcing him to reveal the whereabouts of the V16. Moreover, Caleb was the primary personality, whereas Trueman had only appeared later on in his life. 
Caleb sighed. “When I was ten years old, there was once when I was on the verge of death after being injected with the gene serum. It was then that he appeared, endured the pain, and helped me pull through…” 
He pondered for a while before he suddenly said, “How about you beat me up? Until I’m about to die. He usually shows up at moments like that.” 
“That works…” said Lawrence as he eagerly rolled up his sleeves. However, Sean pulled him back. 
Lawrence looked at him in bewilderment. “What’s the matter? What are you pulling me back for? Surely it’s not because you can’t bear to hit him, right?” 
Sean: “…” 
He glanced at Justin who thought for a moment before finally saying, “No, that won’t do. What if we kill him?” 
Caleb: “…” 
Nora ignored the two of them. As she stroked her chin, she started to ponder.
She was thinking about how they could force Trueman out. 
“Let’s just stay here tonight for now. You two, get a few men to search the place. Even if you must flip the whole place over, try and find the V16.” 
Justin ordered Sean and Lawrence. 
The two nodded in unison. 
After they left the room, Lawrence was still asking, “Why didn’t Boss let us beat that guy up? Isn’t this the best solution?” 
Sean was awfully troubled over the man’s IQ. He said, “Boss doesn’t want Ms. Smith to owe Caleb any more favors!” 
“…” 
Of course, the people in the room did not hear the conversation between the two. 
Justin was currently looking at Caleb. He asked, “Which room do you want to stay in?” 
Caleb glanced at the room they were in and then at Xander who was asleep on the bed, the meaning of his actions obvious—he wanted to stay here. 
He sighed and said, “It doesn’t matter where I stay. I’m just afraid that Trueman would suddenly show up, causing you guys to miss the opportunity.” 
“You’re right.” 
Nora nodded. “In that case, I will stay here with you.” 
As soon as she said that, Justin subconsciously interjected and said, “No, you can’t!”
Nora: “?” 
She raised her eyebrows and looked at Justin, who cleared his throat and said, “I’ll stay with him. If Trueman appears, I’ll call you over.” 
“… Sure.” 
As such, Nora got into bed. 
Justin and Caleb went out the door and to the next room. 
There was only one bed in the room. After the two men entered, neither of them got onto the bed. Instead, they both sat on the sofa. 
Justin looked at Caleb intently. “When does Trueman typically appear?” 
Caleb sighed. “He doesn’t come out very often, nor is there any pattern to when he shows up. He comes out whenever he wants to. This is something outside of my control. To be honest, over the years, my control over this body has been getting weaker and weaker.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes. He was about to speak when Caleb said, “I didn’t expect you to be my younger brother.” 
“…” Justin didn’t explain the matter about their blood ties this time either—he wasn’t intending to. He merely replied frostily, “Blood ties don’t matter to me; only relationships do.” 
In other words, even if the two of them were related by blood, he wasn’t going to show Caleb any mercy. 
Caleb nodded. He leaned sideways on the sofa and said, “I’m going to sleep. If Trueman wakes up, remember to keep a close watch on him.”
After Caleb fell asleep, Justin suddenly stood and went out. 
Outside the door was Nora. 
She looked at Justin and asked, “How is it?” 
“He didn’t come out.” 
Nora frowned. “Are we going to just keep waiting if he stays inside and refuses to come out?” 
After looking at Nora for a while, Justin suddenly curled his lips into a smile and said, “I have a solution.” 
“What is it?”
###Chapter 983
Chapter 983: Justin’s Solution! 
Early next morning, the group sat nearby the dining table. 
Caleb had a relatively good sleep. He looked at Justin, who had dark circles under his eyes. Obviously, he hadn’t slept well the previous night. 
Winnie had already made breakfast and was placing it on the dining table. 
After Nora brought Xander over, the few of them took their seats. 
Caleb said deliberately, “Mr. Hunt… No, I should be calling you Justin instead, since you’re my younger brother. Did Trueman appear last night?” 
Justin, who had a very grumpy look on his face, replied, “No, he didn’t.” 
Nora looked at Justin and asked, “You mentioned last night that you’ve thought of a solution. What is it?” 
Justin frowned and said, “Let’s talk about it after we go back home. I have a device that should be able to provoke Trueman into showing up…” 
Nora was taken aback. “Go home?” 
Justin’s expression turned a little sullen at once. He nodded and said, “Yeah. We can’t possibly stay here for the rest of our lives, right?” 
It was only after he spoke that he realized that he was being rather grouchy. Thus, he immediately explained, “Lawrence and Sean have already conducted a thorough search here last night, and they still did not find the V16 even after flipping the place over. Therefore, I am sure that Trueman must have hidden the V16 in the city, so let’s go back.”
His words made Caleb frown. Nevertheless, he took a sandwich and started to eat as he said, “Alright.” 
Nora didn’t think much about it. After pouring some milk into a bowl of cereal and passing it to Xander, she looked at Caleb and said, “I can treat schizophrenia. If Justin’s device doesn’t work, then we’ll do it the troublesome way and just have you take some medicine to drag Trueman out… I believe he will appear for sure once it’s time to administer the V16. ” 
Caleb thought for a moment and then nodded. “You are right.” 
Xander looked at Nora with his big round eyes. Then, he looked at Justin before finally looking at Caleb. He said, “Daddy…” 
“What’s wrong?” 
Justin asked subconsciously. However, he then realized that Xander’s words were directed at Caleb, and his expression turned even grumpier. 
As for Caleb, he didn’t react immediately. He blanked out for a moment before he finally looked at Xander and asked, “Are you talking to me?” 
Xander looked at Nora and shook his head. 
Nora said with a smile, “I told him to do it.” 
Her words made both Justin and Caleb look at her. 
Justin had an extremely awful look on his face, whereas Caleb’s eyes lit up a little. 
But the next moment, Nora said, “Trueman impersonated you the last time. I was worried that Trueman had already appeared and was impersonating you, so I got Xander to do a small test.” 
So, that was what they were up to.
Justin’s expression softened. 
Caleb said helplessly, “It really is me. How about this? Let’s think of a secret code.” 
Nora thought for a moment and then nodded. “Okay, that works too.” 
The two decided on a secret code. 
After breakfast, the group packed their things. Under Justin’s watch, everyone left the house in a grand fashion. 
Needless to say, Caleb took the same vehicle as Justin, Nora, and Xander. 
The van was extremely comfortable. 
Unlike the journey here, there were all kinds of food imaginable in the van. Xander held a can of cola and munched on snacks, his short legs dangling off the seat as he watched the show on the TV screen on the back of the seat in front of him. 
It started drizzling outside before anyone had even realized it. 
The radio in the car was reporting a piece of news: “Some areas have been experiencing thunderstorms, which have caused landslides and mudslides. Fortunately, there were no casualties…” 
“Why is the weather so bad all of a sudden?” 
Nora murmured. 
Justin sneered and glanced at Caleb. “You’ll have to ask Mr. Gray why he chose to come to a place like this.”
Located at the intersection point of three countries, which made it a place that none of the countries it bordered cared about, the place was bound to be poverty-stricken and worthless. 
The area was poor and dilapidated, and the mountains were also left unsupervised. 
Caleb smiled wryly. 
Suddenly, Xander asked, “Will there be any danger of landslides on the path we’re taking?” 
As soon as he said that, the van suddenly stopped. 
Justin frowned and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
In front, Lawrence suddenly ran over from the other car. When the window opened, he said, “Boss, this is terrible! It’s been raining the last two days, so there are landslides in the mountains. The road in front has collapsed!” 
Following Lawrence’s report, the area where they were suddenly began to shake violently!! 
Justin and Nora looked at each other. Neither of them said anything, and both reached out to grab Xander. 
“Get out of the van! Quick!” 
As he spoke, Justin managed to grab Xander first. He and Nora didn’t have the leisure to care about anything else anymore, and they jumped out of the car immediately. 
Caleb also panicked. He stood up immediately and got out of the van with them. 
But the moment he got off the van, he suddenly saw the people outside standing side by side. The van that had been shaking was still shaking violently.
However, the van was actually stationary on a giant shaking platform. 
Nothing had collapsed at all. 
All of this was Justin’s ploy. 
Upon realizing this, Caleb was stunned. He frowned and looked at Justin, perplexed. 
Justin cast his eyes down. He said, “The V16 must be on you. There is no way someone like Trueman would hide the V16 in the city. After all, that would be too risky. The fact that we didn’t find it could only mean that you’ve hidden it relatively well. In dangerous moments, people immediately grab the things that matter the most to them before evacuating. Even if you are Caleb at that moment, Trueman’s consciousness would still wake up, forcing you to make a subconscious reaction…” 
As such, his and Nora’s subconscious reaction was to grab Xander. 
Justin hadn’t informed Nora of this plan beforehand. The radio broadcast in the van, as well as the deliberate darkening of the car windows, were all to create a dim and dark atmosphere for the people in the van. 
Only when Nora reacted naturally would Caleb believe what was happening. 
The clothes that Caleb was wearing today were all clothing that Justin had specially prepared for him beforehand. When they were setting off, he must have hidden the V16 somewhere for sure. 
Whatever Caleb was clutching at the moment was the hiding place of the V16!!
###Chapter 984
Chapter 984: Why Should I Save Him? 
The few of them looked at Caleb’s hand—he was holding a black inconspicuous plastic bag. 
When they were getting into the van, Justin had deliberately relaxed the security checks so that Trueman could bring things in. For Caleb to be holding that bag right now, this meant that… 
The V16 was inside! 
It seemed that Caleb hadn’t expected himself to pick up the bag either. He was dumbfounded for a while before he finally followed everyone’s gazes and looked at the bag in his hand. 
Confused, he broke into a frown and said hesitantly, “It’s true, I don’t really remember what happened at that moment when I was getting off the van… So, the V16 is in the bag” 
Before Nora could speak, next to her, Lawrence stepped forward and reached out for the bag. 
But Caleb’s arm suddenly moved, and he took a couple of steps back to dodge Lawrence. 
All of a sudden, he sneered, his voice turning sharp and piercing. “I didn’t expect my dearest little brother to be so skilled at manipulating people! Ha, I’ve lost this time! Still, do you guys think that you can get the V16 so easily just with that little trick? Impossible!” 
With his other hand that wasn’t holding the black bag, he propelled himself off the side of the van and jumped right over to the other side. Just as everyone was about to go after him, Trueman suddenly stretched out his arm and held the black bag he was holding near the edge of the cliff. 
They were in the mountains. 
Below the mountains was an abyss.
The drizzling rain made the area, including the bottom, foggy, and it was impossible for one to see how deep the bottom went. If the V16 bottle dropped down the cliff, it might break! 
Gene serums were liquids. Once the bottle broke, no one would be able to recover the contents, not even Nora. 
“Stay back.” 
A smug and brazen look came over Trueman’s countenance. He grinned at Nora and Justin and said, “If you come any further, I’ll throw the bottle down!” 
Nora and Justin didn’t dare to move anymore. 
Under the few people’s watchful eyes, Trueman opened the black plastic bag. 
There was indeed a serum bottle in the bag! 
Nora had specially designed the bottle for the V16. With it, the V16 could leave the refrigerator for a short time without the contents going bad. Nora looked at the bottle lid—it was intact. 
Obviously, it had never been opened before. 
All of this proved that the bottle in Trueman’s hand at the moment… was undoubtedly the V16! 
She nodded at Justin. 
Justin looked at Trueman. “If you think about it, Xander is your kin too… Can you really bear to completely fall out with us?” 
Although Trueman was technically Xander’s granduncle, Justin would never outright reveal the generational—and therefore seniority—gap between the two. Thus, he had used the term “kin” instead.
Trueman sneered. “So? It wouldn’t matter even if he was my son. Didn’t the old geezer himself kill a hundred of his own children?! Do you think that I, who grew up in an environment like that, would still have feelings for familial relations?” 
Justin cast his eyes down. “You are surrounded by my men. Do you think you can escape?” 
Trueman didn’t care. “Who says I’m escaping? I’m going to inject the V16 into myself! Hahaha!” 
Justin’s expression darkened. “Even if you inject it into yourself and increase your lifespan, believe it or not, I can still kill you right here and now! You won’t live to see another day!” 
Trueman narrowed his eyes. “There’s no point in saying all that to me. Once I inject the V16, you will never be able to kill me—because you would have to draw a sample of my blood as soon as possible in order to study the gene serum’s chemical composition. After all, Professor Anti here would never give up on saving Xander, would she?” 
Trueman behaved as though he already had the whole situation under control. He sneered and said, “I’ve already figured out all your tricks. If anyone dares to take a step forward, I will throw the gene serum down the cliff right away. If worse comes to worst, all of us…” 
The look in his eyes suddenly turned cold and sinister, and there was no warmth in his voice at all as he said, “… can go to hell together!” 
After saying that, he took a step forward. 
“Stop!” 
Nora shouted abruptly, afraid that he would really fall off the cliff with the gene serum. 
He was already at the very edge of the cliff.
The corners of Trueman’s lips suddenly curled into a smile again. He said, “Nora, I told you that you would regret it if you give the other V16 to Queenie. Let me ask you the same question now: do you regret what you’ve done?” 
There were originally two gene serums. 
Trueman didn’t really have any intention to kill Xander. 
When he ordered Queenie to take both gene serums with her back then, one was for his own use, while he was intending to use the other to force Nora into begging him for it… 
But Nora had set up a trap instead. Not only had he almost been captured, but at the critical moment, she had also given the other gene serum to Queenie. 
Trueman really wanted to see Nora breaking down in tears right now. 
Nora stayed where she was and said firmly, “I don’t regret anything.” 
She would never regret saving her aunt. 
Seeing that she was still being stubborn even at a time like this, Trueman was infuriated. He sneered and said, “Then you can only watch helplessly as your son dies!” 
“Trueman!” Nora called out to him. “Xander is your son too. He called you Daddy for five years. How about this? Come back here and give me the gene serum. One drop—that’s all I will take. I will take only one drop for research, okay?” 
“No.” 
Trueman smirked. “The dosage of this gene serum is meant for one person’s use. If a drop is missing, it may not take effect correctly. Do you think I am stupid? Besides…”
He looked at Xander. “Why should I save him?” 
However, the moment he did, Trueman’s pupils suddenly shrank. 
Everyone present was currently looking at him. They had kept Xander well-protected in the innermost part of the mountainous path, so no one ever thought that he would be in danger. 
Nora and Justin were at the forefront, while Lawrence and Sean were also watching him. 
The rest of the bodyguards all had their backs to Xander. 
Therefore, no one noticed that a rock above Xander had suddenly come loose and was slowly rolling down… 
Suddenly, a rock the size of Xander’s head fell from the sky! 
But no one noticed anything! 
Only Trueman, who had looked at Xander because of Nora’s mention of the boy, noticed it. 
His pupils shrank, and a look of dilemma suddenly appeared on his countenance. 
Should he save him? 
Even if he called out now, by the time Nora and Justin reacted, it would definitely be too late… 
Yet if he didn’t alert them about it, once the boulder fell and struck Xander’s head, the boy would die for sure! 
He would die. 
But wasn’t it better if he was dead?
Then nobody would fight him for the V16 anymore! 
The corners of the man’s lips curled into a faint smile. 
Go to hell! 
But just as the thought formed in his mind…
###Chapter 985
Chapter 985: Xander, Look Out! 
The look in the man’s eyes suddenly changed. 
Without any hesitation, he yelled, “Xander, look out!” 
Then, he rushed toward Xander immediately without hesitation. 
The mountainous path was not very wide, but neither was it narrow… There was a group of bodyguards around Xander, but even if they turned around in this instant and realized the danger he was in, it would still be too late for them to save him. 
Upon hearing Trueman’s shout, Nora abruptly turned her head and looked over. When she noticed the boulder, even though her body reacted faster than her brain, it was still too late. 
She ran toward Xander frantically. 
But in her heart, she knew that it was too late. 
It was too late! 
Was her son going to die in this place just as she was about to obtain the V16? 
She couldn’t accept this! 
But right at this moment, a shadow rushed over and then… Bam! 
The boulder crashed into the shadow. 
Trueman… No, one might say that the man was Caleb at the moment because the aura around him had suddenly changed. At the most critical moment, he had switched personalities and become the one to protect Xander!!
However, even though he was fast enough, he still didn’t manage to push the boy away but only held Xander tightly. The next moment, the rock struck his head. 
The man lowered his head, his eyes meeting the other pair of big, grape-like, innocent eyes. 
Then, he felt warm liquid trickling down his head. 
One drop, two drops… They landed on Xander’s face. 
The little guy’s eyes widened in shock as he stared at him in disbelief. A moment later, Xander’s murmurs suddenly turned into a shout. “… Daddy!” 
Although his voice was soft, the man still heard him. 
The man stretched out his long slender fingers and wiped off the blood on his cheek for him. Then, the corners of his lips raised slightly into an arc. 
He looked like he wanted to say something, yet it also looked as though he wanted to mock the boy for looking so funny at the moment. However, his vision went black, and he suddenly collapsed onto the ground… 
At some point, the V16 that he had been holding tightly in his hands had also dropped to the ground. 
By the time he reached Xander’s side, it had already been too late for him to push the boy away. Thus, his palm had opened, causing the V16 to fall to the ground. In return, however, he had managed to protect Xander. 
Nora stared at everything happening in front of her in shock and astonishment. 
The bottle containing the V16 was extremely sturdy. After falling onto the ground, it rolled over to her feet.
She bent over and picked up the V16. 
She couldn’t tell if it was because the man had been holding the V16 for too long, but the V16 felt burning hot… 
“Mommy, save Daddy!” 
Xander suddenly shouted. 
Nora handed the V16 to Justin and strode over to Xander, where she then bent over to check on Caleb. He had suffered serious trauma to his head, and he needed to be sent to the hospital for surgery at once! 
— 
In a small town not far away. 
The hospital in the town was obviously simple and shabby. 
However, the operating room was brightly-lit at the moment. 
Little Xander sat stubbornly in the corridor outside, his eyes locked onto the operating room. 
Justin stood beside him. 
Xander’s little hand clung to his sleeve. Seemingly feeling rather uneasy, he didn’t let go even once. Suddenly, he looked at Justin and asked, “Will Daddy Trueman die? Is he going to be buried in the ground like Butterscotch?” 
Butterscotch was one of Xander’s dogs that had died a few months ago. 
Justin kept quiet for a moment before he replied, “No, he won’t. Believe in Mommy.”
Xander nodded and continued to stare at the operating room.
###Chapter 986
Chapter 986: He Will Die! 
Justin reached out to touch Xander’s head, but when his hand was about to touch his head, Xander suddenly pulled away. 
Justin’s hand landed on nothing. 
Xander said softly, “Daddy Trueman said that not just anyone can touch my head.” 
His eyes were a little red. 
Justin squatted down to look Xander in the eyes. He turned his son to face him and he said, “Xander, it’s not your fault.” 
“It’s my fault! Daddy Trueman only got hurt because he was trying to save me!” 
“That wasn’t Daddy Trueman but Caleb.” Justin didn’t know how to explain it to his son. He said, “Trueman is a bad guy who has been using you all this time. The one who saved you is Uncle Caleb.” 
“I don’t care. They are the same person!” Xander shook his head stubbornly. “I know Daddy has schizophrenia. No matter which personality of his is nice to me, they are the same person to me. I don’t want him to die!” 
He didn’t want him to die. 
Neither did Justin want anything to happen to Caleb. Otherwise, he would owe him a huge favor! 
And Xander would remember him for life! 
All the bad things he had previously done would be gone with his death.
And Nora would also feel guilty for the rest of her life. 
It seemed that Caleb had done too much for her! 
Thus, he didn’t want him to die either! 
The look in Justin’s eyes turned solemn, and he looked at Xander intently. He said, “Don’t worry, he won’t die! You have to believe in your mom’s medical skills!” 
Those words seemed to give Xander strength. 
Xander finally relaxed. 
Another two hours passed. 
Even though it was already three in the morning, Justin didn’t tell Xander to go to bed or anything like that. 
At six o’clock in the morning. 
The sky was starting to light up. 
At last, Nora came out of the operating room. 
She looked exhausted. The moment she came out, Xander stood up abruptly. 
The little boy looked at her hesitantly, wanting to ask something yet also too scared to do it. 
“He’ll live.” 
Nora’s two-worded reply put Xander at ease immediately.
The next moment, a nurse wheeled Caleb, whose head was bandaged with gauze, out of the operating room on a gurney to the ward for observation. 
Xander followed behind the nurse and entered the ward. 
Justin walked over to Nora, and the two went to the ward together. 
Caleb’s injury was very serious—after all, he had been struck by a huge rock… Although he was out of danger, he was still admitted to the intensive care unit. 
Xander stood outside the glass door of the intensive care unit and looked inside. 
Nora walked over and stroked his hair. “Get some sleep.” 
“But Daddy Trueman…” 
“I’ll be watching over him here. Trust me, he won’t die.” 
Xander looked at Nora for a long while before he finally nodded and said, “Okay.” 
Lawrence and Sean took him to a nearby hotel to rest. 
Justin and Nora stayed outside the ward. 
For a while, neither of them spoke, mainly because they didn’t know what to say at a time like this. Neither of them felt any joy at beating Trueman and obtaining the V16. 
In the middle of the night, the equipment in the intensive care unit suddenly started to beep. 
Nora stood up abruptly and rushed into the ward. 
But after a while, she suddenly staggered out of the ward…
“What’s wrong?” Justin was shocked at her behavior. 
Was Caleb dying? 
As soon as the thought formed in his mind, Nora said, “His time is up.” 
“What time?” 
“The time for him to take the V16. If the V16 is not administered to him right away, he will die.” 
###Chapter 987
Chapter 987: Old Maddy 
Immediately after Nora spoke, a group of people suddenly walked over. 
There were two bodyguards with another person in the middle. 
The bodyguards were both members of the Assassin Alliance while the person they had brought with them turned out to be someone familiar! 
The person’s face was full of burn scars—it was Old Maddy who had run away without telling her the truth back then! 
Nora still remembered what Old Maddy had said back then. If they couldn’t get the support of King from the Imperial League, they would never be able to defeat the mysterious organization… 
Thinking about it again, Old Maddy must have already known at that time that the Imperial League was the one backing up the mysterious organization, right? 
Therefore, Old Maddy hadn’t believed that she could get King’s support at all, so he had escaped with the truth to avoid provoking her into becoming enemies with the mysterious organization. 
Nora hadn’t stayed idle after Old Maddy’s escape. She had gone straight to Karl to help find him. Once found, they were to bring him to her immediately. 
Old Maddy stood in front of Nora and let out a small sigh. He said, “Ms. Nora.” 
Nora was not in a good mood. Her mind was preoccupied with thoughts of Caleb’s condition, so she only nodded and said, “I finally found you. I’d like to inform you that King…”
But before she could finish, Old Maddy interrupted her. “I know.” 
A smiling Old Maddy looked at her and said, “I told you, I will naturally appear when the time comes. And now, I’m here.” 
Nora: “…” 
So, the bodyguards hadn’t found Old Maddy at all? Rather, Old Maddy had allowed himself to be caught on his own initiative? 
Old Maddy looked at Justin. He said, “I’d been looking for clues about King all this time, and I finally found out that you’re King. If I had known, I wouldn’t have had to run away in the first place… I could have just told you two the truth.” 
Nora gave him a wry smile. “We know the truth now.” 
But when Old Maddy heard her, he looked into the ward. After a moment’s hesitation, he said, “No, there may still be something that you don’t know yet.” 
“What?” 
Old Maddy sighed. “I don’t know if I should say it, because telling you will only give you more trouble.” 
“Say it.” Nora looked at him. “Actually, if you had told us the truth from the beginning, we might have been able to avoid all the detours we took after that.” 
The old man nodded in agreement, and then said, “It’s about Trueman Yale.” 
Nora was taken aback.
Old Maddy sighed. “I was crazy back then, but after I regained my senses, I started investigating the events back then. I knew about you giving birth to triplets back then.” 
He said slowly, “I also saw with my own eyes Henry Smith taking your baby and handing him to the bodyguard to get rid of…” 
Old Maddy clenched his jaw. “At that time, when the first baby was abandoned, they were going to drown him. I rushed forward to save him, but Henry got someone to stop me. Later, someone came forward and single-handedly saved the baby.” 
Nora thought of what Caleb had once said, and it took her slightly by surprise. “Who was it?” 
“It was Trueman.” 
Old Maddy paused for a while and then went on. “Or maybe Caleb Gray. I didn’t know who he was at the time and he had shown up alone. A few bodyguards stopped us. When he rushed over, he was stabbed trying to save Xander. The stab he took from the back almost struck his heart and killed him on the spot. To be honest, he could have dodged the attack, but if he did, Xander would have fallen into the water…” 
Nora stood frozen hearing those words.
###Chapter 988
Chapter 988: Someone Has To Be The Villain 
Old Maddy looked at Justin again. “At that time, he became seriously injured trying to save Xander. He wanted to save Pete too, but he simply couldn’t walk or move anymore, so he called Mr. Hunt… To be honest, be it Xander or Pete, it didn’t matter even if they had died back then because having one child alive was enough. You can say that it’s all thanks to Caleb that both of them survived…” 
Old Maddy lowered his head. “I didn’t know that he was Trueman at that time; I thought he was just a young man with a crush on Ms. Nora. It was only after I recovered my memory that I realized that he used to hang around Ms. Nora in the past.” 
Nora was a little stunned. “Really?” 
Old Maddy nodded. “I was under orders to protect you at that time, so I had been observing you the whole time. The young Ms. Nora was round and chubby. He often came over to play with you and also occasionally gave you food…” 
Nora had fallen ill and started to gain weight when she was five years old. 
She vaguely remembered that she did meet a little boy when she was eight or nine years old… 
The little boy, who was about twelve or thirteen years old, had stood outside the villa and mocked her for being a little fatty. 
But occasionally, when her stepmother didn’t cook for her, he would give her something to eat… He had liked teasing her. 
However, he had stopped visiting her after a while… 
So, she and Caleb had already met in the past?
And… 
Caleb didn’t only save Xander this time; he had already saved Xander and Pete once back then! 
One could say that without Caleb, the two children would have been killed by Henry long ago! 
Nora stared blankly ahead. 
There was only one V16 left now. To be honest, after hearing what Old Maddy said, she was now even more at a loss as to what to do. 
However, she had always been hard-hearted. 
And people were selfish. 
Though Caleb had helped her a lot, Xander was her son. The degree of her closeness with them was of utmost importance at this moment. Besides, she had never been the traditional definition of a “good person”. 
She wasn’t capable of abandoning her son to save Caleb. 
She looked up at Justin, but saw the man frowning in silence. 
Nora understood what he was thinking. 
Justin couldn’t make the decision for them. 
Because Caleb had helped her and saved both Xander and Pete’s lives. If Justin made the decision, Xander might hate him for the rest of his life, and their relationship as father and son would never ever be a harmonious one. 
But someone had to be the villain here.
Nora took a deep breath. “I’ll make the decision.” 
She looked at Justin intently and said, “The V16 is to be given to Xander.” 
Justin frowned. “Even if he hates you in the future?” 
“Yes,” Nora nodded and said, “Even if he hates me, he would still be alive. I don’t mind.” 
Lawrence stood at the side. 
He had immediately returned after he and Sean sent Xander back, in case his boss needed him. 
After hearing what Nora said, Lawrence couldn’t help but sigh. 
Sean had said that their boss would not be able to make the decision because he was afraid that Nora and Xander would hate him. 
But in this instant, for the first time, Lawrence found himself admiring a woman and a mother from the bottom of his heart. 
As expected, mothers were the ones who could make the greatest sacrifice. 
Despite having to endure a lifetime of guilt and her son’s hatred in the future, Ms. Smith could still bring herself to make the decision… Compared to this, his boss’ dilemma suddenly didn’t seem as serious as hers anymore. 
But Lawrence also understood that once Nora made this decision, she would have to live in guilt forever for the rest of her life. She would never be able to find peace. 
She would owe someone a life for the rest of her own. 
Would Ms. Smith, who felt that way, still spend her days happily with his boss?
Lawrence even thought of all the stories where people took their own lives along with the person who died because they owed their life to them… 
Since they couldn’t save their life, they would die with them… 
Ms. Smith wasn’t such an extreme person, was she? 
Lawrence, who had a bad feeling about it, suddenly became worried for his boss. 
But when he turned his head and looked over, he saw that…
###Chapter 989
Chapter 989: Mommy and Daddy’s Wedding!! 
It was extremely difficult for Nora to make this decision. 
For the sake of her son, she was going to let down the man who had saved her whole family. 
For the rest of her life, she would have to live owing someone else a life… 
But so what? 
If she could save her son, she would give up even her own life without any hesitation, let alone Caleb’s! 
But immediately after Nora made the difficult decision, the man in front of her suddenly sighed. 
Nora looked at Justin. For the first time, she felt a little like she couldn’t breathe. 
What did he mean by that? 
Did he not support her decision? 
While she was wondering, the door of the ward was pushed open again, and the nurse came out. “Dr. Smith, the patient is in shock! We are attempting resuscitation, but the cause of the patient’s condition is unknown. We noticed that he has cancer, so that may be it, but we don’t know what exactly is going on. Dr. Smith!” 
Beep, beep…
Along with the nurse’s voice, the sound of the patient’s heart beating again came from the ward. However, it was awfully weak, as though it would disappear the next second. 
Nora clenched her fists. If she didn’t administer the V16 to Caleb right away, he would die. 
She turned her head abruptly to look at the ward. “I… will send him off.” 
This was her punishment to herself. 
Witnessing the death of her son’s savior… This scene would keep replaying in her mind in the future, making her heart hurt and filling her with shame and guilt. 
Nora, you are such a cold-blooded person. 
She dissed herself inwardly. But as soon as she took a step forward, a strong and warm hand suddenly held her wrist. 
She turned around to see Justin placing the V16 in her hands. 
On the man’s handsome face, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye shimmered especially brightly. His voice was low and strong like the cello, which helped her find her bearings amid her turmoil and confusion. He said, “Give it to him.” 
The four words stunned Nora. 
She looked at Justin in astonishment. 
The two of them stood where they were.
Nora was wearing a white surgical gown and gloves. Her dark hair was coiled into a bun with a pencil, revealing her delicate and exquisite face. Her almond-shaped eyes were slightly widened at the moment. 
The man was clad fully in black, and his black silk shirt shone a little under the light. His expression was calm, and his eyes were bright and piercing. 
They looked at each other, both silent for a long while. 
Beep… 
The heartbeat in the ward was becoming slower and slower… Every beat seemed like it might be the last. 
It was hard to tell just how much time had passed until Nora clasped her fingers on the V16 that Justin had handed her. Then, she turned and entered the operating room. 
At the side, Lawrence rushed over suddenly and exclaimed, “Boss, you, you… How can you make such a decision? What about Xander?!” 
Justin didn’t say anything. 
Lawrence shouted furiously, “I know you have three children, and you have the least amount of affection for Xander, but he’s your son! You can’t…” 
By this point, Lawrence’s voice was already all choked up. 
In the past, Lawrence had disliked Xander and thought of the boy as a little devil. 
After all, he had dark and sinister thoughts and loved playing tricks on the bodyguards and nannies the most. His behavior was also vicious and ruthless…
But when they came to pick them up this time, Lawrence had slowly come to understand Xander’s personality. 
The child was clearly pure and kind. All the bad things he’d done in the past were because he had been led astray… 
In particular, Xander had stayed by Caleb’s bed. Even when he was extremely sleepy, he had refused to go back to sleep. In the end, Nora had to order him to go back… 
The child was very loyal and faithful! 
Lawrence had started to become fond of him. 
Yet! 
Was the child he had just started to become fond of going to die soon?! 
How could his boss make such a decision? 
But he didn’t dare to say too much either. He could only stare at the intensive care unit angrily. 
Through the glass window, he saw Nora opening the V16 gene serum bottle. She drew out all the liquid in the syringe… Then, she looked at the needle. 
Under the bright incandescent lights in the ward, the pillow reflected an icy sheen. She pushed the needle slightly to ensure that all the air inside was pushed out. Then, she suddenly looked behind her. 
Through the glass door, she and Justin looked at each other. 
Justin nodded.
Nora understood at once. She lowered her eyes and injected the V16 straight into Caleb’s arm without hesitation!! 
… 
… 
Caleb’s heartbeat returned to normal. 
Justin ordered one of his best bodyguards to stand guard over him, in case he turned into Trueman and escaped after he woke up. 
The V16 was indeed powerful. 
Even though Caleb had suffered grievous injuries to his head, after he was injected with the V16, his physical fitness became stronger and stronger, and his recovery speed was twice as fast as that of ordinary people. He indeed showed signs of longevity. 
After ensuring that he was out of danger, Nora and Justin returned to the hotel. 
The two entered the room at the same time. 
Little Xander was lying on the bed. He was so small that one couldn’t even see any depression on the soft mattress. It was as if there was no one on it at all… 
Justin looked at Nora and suddenly asked, “How long does Xander have left?” 
“One month.” 
Nora replied. She looked at Justin. “We’ve given the V16 to Caleb. What is Xander going to do?”
Justin contemplated for a moment, but before he could speak, Xander’s voice suddenly reached them. “Mommy, I don’t mind.” 
His words took Nora aback for a moment. Then, she turned to look at him. 
Xander said, “Daddy saved me several times. I owe him a lot of lives. That’s why I had decided to give him the gene serum long ago. This is my choice.” 
Rubbing his eyes, he sat up from the bed. Then, he looked at Nora with a smile and said, “I still have a month to live! When I was in the basement, I wanted to see the sea and the desert… But actually, what I really want to see is something else.” 
Nora’s eyes were a little red. She walked over to the bed and sat down. Then, she picked up Xander and put him on her lap. 
Five-year-olds were still very small. 
Xander was not quite used to such intimacy. 
He smiled and said, “I wanna see Mommy and Daddy’s wedding! You know what? Pete and Cherry really racked their brains to get you guys together. They told me that the two of them were the first to discover each other’s identities and that they first found each other in a hotel in California. But at that time, they were afraid that the two of you wouldn’t like each other and the two children might even end up separated from their respective parents, so they chose to hide the truth from you two…” 
Back then, Cherry and Pete had really racked their brains and done everything they could to bring the two of them together. 
They had even hidden their identities… 
Time seemed to return to the very beginning when Nora returned to the United States with Cherry…
“I’ve achieved what they couldn’t. I’m a pretty good big brother, right?!” 
Although Xander was sleepy, he looked very smug. He said, “This alone should be enough to make the two of them willingly acknowledge me as the eldest.” 
“…” 
“…” 
Nora listened to Xander’s tender voice. The boy had finally become more cheerful and wasn’t so gloomy anymore. 
Chapter 989: Mommy and Daddy’s Wedding!! 
It was extremely difficult for Nora to make this decision. 
For the sake of her son, she was going to let down the man who had saved her whole family. 
For the rest of her life, she would have to live owing someone else a life… 
But so what? 
If she could save her son, she would give up even her own life without any hesitation, let alone Caleb’s! 
But immediately after Nora made the difficult decision, the man in front of her suddenly sighed. 
Nora looked at Justin. For the first time, she felt a little like she couldn’t breathe. 
What did he mean by that?
Did he not support her decision? 
While she was wondering, the door of the ward was pushed open again, and the nurse came out. “Dr. Smith, the patient is in shock! We are attempting resuscitation, but the cause of the patient’s condition is unknown. We noticed that he has cancer, so that may be it, but we don’t know what exactly is going on. Dr. Smith!” 
Beep, beep… 
Along with the nurse’s voice, the sound of the patient’s heart beating again came from the ward. However, it was awfully weak, as though it would disappear the next second. 
Nora clenched her fists. If she didn’t administer the V16 to Caleb right away, he would die. 
She turned her head abruptly to look at the ward. “I… will send him off.” 
This was her punishment to herself. 
Witnessing the death of her son’s savior… This scene would keep replaying in her mind in the future, making her heart hurt and filling her with shame and guilt. 
Nora, you are such a cold-blooded person. 
She dissed herself inwardly. But as soon as she took a step forward, a strong and warm hand suddenly held her wrist. 
She turned around to see Justin placing the V16 in her hands.
On the man’s handsome face, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye shimmered especially brightly. His voice was low and strong like the cello, which helped her find her bearings amid her turmoil and confusion. He said, “Give it to him.” 
The four words stunned Nora. 
She looked at Justin in astonishment. 
The two of them stood where they were. 
Nora was wearing a white surgical gown and gloves. Her dark hair was coiled into a bun with a pencil, revealing her delicate and exquisite face. Her almond-shaped eyes were slightly widened at the moment. 
The man was clad fully in black, and his black silk shirt shone a little under the light. His expression was calm, and his eyes were bright and piercing. 
They looked at each other, both silent for a long while. 
Beep… 
The heartbeat in the ward was becoming slower and slower… Every beat seemed like it might be the last. 
It was hard to tell just how much time had passed until Nora clasped her fingers on the V16 that Justin had handed her. Then, she turned and entered the operating room. 
At the side, Lawrence rushed over suddenly and exclaimed, “Boss, you, you… How can you make such a decision? What about Xander?!” 
Justin didn’t say anything.
Lawrence shouted furiously, “I know you have three children, and you have the least amount of affection for Xander, but he’s your son! You can’t…” 
By this point, Lawrence’s voice was already all choked up. 
In the past, Lawrence had disliked Xander and thought of the boy as a little devil. 
After all, he had dark and sinister thoughts and loved playing tricks on the bodyguards and nannies the most. His behavior was also vicious and ruthless… 
But when they came to pick them up this time, Lawrence had slowly come to understand Xander’s personality. 
The child was clearly pure and kind. All the bad things he’d done in the past were because he had been led astray… 
In particular, Xander had stayed by Caleb’s bed. Even when he was extremely sleepy, he had refused to go back to sleep. In the end, Nora had to order him to go back… 
The child was very loyal and faithful! 
Lawrence had started to become fond of him. 
Yet! 
Was the child he had just started to become fond of going to die soon?! 
How could his boss make such a decision? 
But he didn’t dare to say too much either. He could only stare at the intensive care unit angrily.
Through the glass window, he saw Nora opening the V16 gene serum bottle. She drew out all the liquid in the syringe… Then, she looked at the needle. 
Under the bright incandescent lights in the ward, the pillow reflected an icy sheen. She pushed the needle slightly to ensure that all the air inside was pushed out. Then, she suddenly looked behind her. 
Through the glass door, she and Justin looked at each other. 
Justin nodded. 
Nora understood at once. She lowered her eyes and injected the V16 straight into Caleb’s arm without hesitation!! 
… 
… 
Caleb’s heartbeat returned to normal. 
Justin ordered one of his best bodyguards to stand guard over him, in case he turned into Trueman and escaped after he woke up. 
The V16 was indeed powerful. 
Even though Caleb had suffered grievous injuries to his head, after he was injected with the V16, his physical fitness became stronger and stronger, and his recovery speed was twice as fast as that of ordinary people. He indeed showed signs of longevity. 
After ensuring that he was out of danger, Nora and Justin returned to the hotel. 
The two entered the room at the same time.
Little Xander was lying on the bed. He was so small that one couldn’t even see any depression on the soft mattress. It was as if there was no one on it at all… 
Justin looked at Nora and suddenly asked, “How long does Xander have left?” 
“One month.” 
Nora replied. She looked at Justin. “We’ve given the V16 to Caleb. What is Xander going to do?” 
Justin contemplated for a moment, but before he could speak, Xander’s voice suddenly reached them. “Mommy, I don’t mind.” 
His words took Nora aback for a moment. Then, she turned to look at him. 
Xander said, “Daddy saved me several times. I owe him a lot of lives. That’s why I had decided to give him the gene serum long ago. This is my choice.” 
Rubbing his eyes, he sat up from the bed. Then, he looked at Nora with a smile and said, “I still have a month to live! When I was in the basement, I wanted to see the sea and the desert… But actually, what I really want to see is something else.” 
Nora’s eyes were a little red. She walked over to the bed and sat down. Then, she picked up Xander and put him on her lap. 
Five-year-olds were still very small. 
Xander was not quite used to such intimacy. 
He smiled and said, “I wanna see Mommy and Daddy’s wedding! You know what? Pete and Cherry really racked their brains to get you guys together. They told me that the two of them were the first to discover each other’s identities and that they first found each other in a hotel in California. But at that
time, they were afraid that the two of you wouldn’t like each other and the two children might even end up separated from their respective parents, so they chose to hide the truth from you two…” 
Back then, Cherry and Pete had really racked their brains and done everything they could to bring the two of them together. 
They had even hidden their identities… 
Time seemed to return to the very beginning when Nora returned to the United States with Cherry… 
“I’ve achieved what they couldn’t. I’m a pretty good big brother, right?!” 
Although Xander was sleepy, he looked very smug. He said, “This alone should be enough to make the two of them willingly acknowledge me as the eldest.” 
“…” 
“…” 
Nora listened to Xander’s tender voice. The boy had finally become more cheerful and wasn’t so gloomy anymore.
###Chapter 990
Chapter 990: Two More Things 
“Why…? Why did you inject me with the V16?!” 
In the van on its way home, Caleb, who had regained consciousness, couldn’t help but glare at Justin. “I didn’t want to live. Besides, I’m already thirty, whereas Xander is only five! Why did you give me the V16?!” 
Xander was seated next to him, his short legs dangling off the seat as he kept his head down. 
Nora looked ahead. 
Justin ignored him. 
The furious Caleb grabbed Justin’s collar. “I’ve heard the specifics of what happened. Nora had decided to give the V16 to Xander! You were the one who stopped her! Why? Is it really only because you don’t want them to feel guilty? But he’s your son! Justin, is your heart made of stone? Or do you share the same mindset as that old geezer and feel that you can just father more children? Do you think that you already have enough children, so it doesn’t matter even if you abandon one?” 
He clenched his fists agitatedly, his eyes filled with bloodthirst as he stared at Justin. 
Justin, whose head was lowered, reached over and pried off Caleb’s fingers clutching his clothes one by one. He looked at Xander and asked, “Xander, do you regret it?” 
Xander shook his head. “No, I don’t.” 
Justin pointed at him and said to Caleb, “Did you see that? Now, that’s my son! This is his choice! Rather than living in guilt and suffering for the rest of his life, it is better that he goes with a blast instead!”
Caleb stared at him in astonishment. Only after a while did he spit out contemptuously, “You… Your heart must be made of stone!” 
Xander took his hand. “Daddy Trueman, don’t blame Daddy. I am a man. If I was in the hospital at that time, I would have made the same choice as Daddy too. That’s what a real man should do!” 
He raised his chin slightly. 
Caleb looked at him. After a while, he finally heaved a sigh and touched his hair. “You’re only five. You’re no man…” 
Xander didn’t speak anymore. 
Caleb clenched his fists and looked at Nora. “Nora, what about you? Why did you let him convince you?” 
Why? 
Because the look in Justin’s eyes at that time had told her to trust him! 
Even though Justin still hadn’t given her an explanation, Nora didn’t say much. She merely turned her head and looked out the window. 
If there was someone in this world whom she could trust unconditionally, it was undoubtedly Justin. 
Before she knew it, after going through so much together, it was only at this moment that Nora realized that she was leaving herself this unguarded against him. 
While she was thinking, Caleb said, “By saving me, you’ve also saved Trueman. He…” 
“No.” 
Nora looked at him intently. “I will cure you of your schizophrenia and wipe him out completely!”
Her words made Caleb’s eyes light up. “Can… can you really do it?” 
Nora nodded. “But this needs time. It’ll take a month at the earliest and half a year at the longest. Therefore, you’ll have to go back to the States with me.” 
“Go back to the States?” 
Caleb was stunned. “Are you guys going back to the States?” 
But the path they were taking was clearly the way to Queenie’s manor. 
They were already back from the border. 
Nora nodded. She looked at Xander with a tender glow in her eyes and said, “We’ve settled everything, so it’s time for us to go home… to prepare for the wedding.” 
After realizing that the mysterious organization belonged to the Imperial League, Justin had cut off all of the mysterious organization’s income sources. 
In addition, the mysterious organization was ultimately still inferior to the Imperial League. By utilizing everything at his disposal, Justin had completely dissolved the mysterious organization. 
The mysterious organization no longer existed. 
The previous King who killed Nora’s mother had long since died… Its new master, Trueman, was also right in front of them. Everything had ended. 
Nora would never take her anger at the previous King’s deeds out on Justin, of course… One should only hold the perpetrator responsible for their misdeeds. The previous King’s wicked deeds had already ended during his time.
She had also finally fulfilled her mother’s last wishes and destroyed the mysterious organization, wiping the terrifying biological laboratory off the face of the world… 
Therefore, there were only two things left for her to do now. 
First, she had to cure Caleb of schizophrenia and get rid of his other personality that had committed all those evil deeds. That would count as her revenge. 
Secondly, she had to fulfill Xander’s wish. 
As soon as Nora said what she did, the car fell silent. 
Two days later, they finally arrived at Queenie’s residence. When Cherry and Pete saw them, they rushed forward excitedly and gathered around Nora and Justin happily. 
Cherry clung to Nora’s leg and said sweetly, “Mommy, Xander said that you’re marrying Daddy. Is it true? Our family of five won’t ever have to separate again in the future, right?” 
Pete also looked up at them, his eyes brimming with anticipation. 
Nora ruffled the two children’s hair and looked at Justin. 
Justin bent over, picked up Cherry, and nodded as he said, “Uh-huh. Is your luggage all packed? We’re going… back to the States!” 
Iris was in the United States. Moreover, Nora and Justin’s friends were also there. Therefore, they were holding the wedding in the States! 
As for Queenie…
Nora looked at the suitcase behind her, as well as at Ian whose wheelchair was being pushed by a caretaker. With a wave, she said, “Let’s go back!” 
— 
After they chartered a plane back to the United States, they went back to the Smiths’ residence first. 
Joel and Tanya, who had already heard the news, were standing outside the door with smiles on their faces as they waited for them. The group reunited and chatted away. 
Mia had already hopped over to Pete. The two little ones seemed to have endless things to talk about. 
The group, however, had no idea that a “coup” was currently taking place at the Hunts’ residence. 
Mrs. Hunt, whose hair had already turned white, was seated in the living room at the moment and watching the crowd there… 
Everyone was questioning her. 
“Why hasn’t Ms. Smith come to work for so long?” 
“As expected, women really can’t do it after all? How can we support her when she doesn’t even show up?” 
“Ma’am, Pete is still young, but Ms. Smith is so unreliable… Besides, as far as we know, she and Mr. Hunt are not legally married yet. In the eyes of the law, she doesn’t even qualify to manage the company!” 
“Yes, that’s right. Therefore, we still recommend letting Raymond Hunt’s family take over the company. Ma’am, you must look at the big picture! Of course, if Raymond Hunt’s family can’t do it, then let’s get Herman back. He is Pete’s grandfather and Mr. Hunt’s father after all! He will never harm Pete!”
“All of us here are either too old or too young, yet Ms. Smith, the only one who can manage the company, isn’t legally married to Mr. Hunt. Ma’am, for the sake of the Hunts, make the call to get Herman back first!” 
In the midst of the heated discussion, a thrilled Fanny, the housekeeper, rushed into the living room!!
###Chapter 991
Chapter 991: Wedding Preparations! 
“Ma’am, Ma’am! They’re back! They’re back…!” 
Fanny was so excited that she was at a complete loss and stuttering. 
Mrs. Hunt frowned. “Pete and the others are back?” 
“Yes, yes! And, and…” 
Mrs. Hunt understood that Nora, Cherry, and Xander had likely also returned. 
But so what even if they were back? 
Wasn’t their return just in time for the group of people here, then? 
Nora had already blown these shareholders away with her commercial prowess. The strategies she had drafted in the company had impressed them all. 
But who’d have expected them to suddenly find out that Nora and Justin hadn’t actually registered their marriage?! 
In other words, Nora didn’t have the right to manage the Hunts’ assets at all! 
The shareholders here were also terribly troubled, hence the commotion today. 
They didn’t really have the intention to speak out against anything; it was just that the Hunts ultimately still had to be ones managing the Hunt Corporation… 
Mrs. Hunt understood this even more than them.
When Justin first met with the accident, no one was clear about Nora and Justin’s relationship—after all, the two of them were already living together. Who would have thought that they were not married yet? 
They had successfully fudged the issue with that 
Who knew that this issue would be brought to the surface when the authorities came to investigate tax issues? 
Mrs. Hunt was extremely troubled. What should she do? 
She waved to Fanny and suddenly said, “They must be tired from traveling. Let them rest first…” 
At the very least, she mustn’t push Nora out to handle all these now… 
Mrs. Hunt was completely on Nora’s side now. 
But as soon as she spoke, footsteps came from the door, and Nora’s calm voice traveled over. “We are not tired, Mrs. Hunt… Why are all of you here, though?” 
As soon as she said that, someone said, “Ms. Smith, we just found out that you and Mr. Hunt are not married yet. You are not his legal wife, so you can’t manage the company!” 
“Oh.” 
Nora replied calmly, “Then I won’t bother anymore.” 
Everyone: “?” 
Mrs. Hunt was also stunned. “Who is going to manage it if you’re washing your hands off it?” 
“The one who owns the company, of course.”
After speaking, Nora suddenly turned sideways. Behind her, three little ones walked in with a large figure. 
There was some reflection at the door, so Mrs. Hunt couldn’t see the man’s face clearly right away. 
But even if she couldn’t… 
How could Mrs. Hunt possibly fail to recognize the grandson she had raised?! 
She got up suddenly and looked at Justin in disbelief!! 
Her lips were trembling as she called out in surprise, “J-Justin?” 
Justin strode forward and soon came up to Mrs. Hunt. He nodded and said, “Grandma.” 
“…” 
For a while, the whole room fell silent. 
Everyone looked at Justin incredulously. 
Wasn’t Justin dead? 
Why was he showing up in front of everyone again? 
Mrs. Hunt was the first to recover. She laughed and cried, and then she suddenly shouted, “You’re alive!” 
No wonder… no wonder Nora didn’t shed a single tear after Justin’s death… They must have planned this! 
Couldn’t Nora have let her in on it, though?! 
But after experiencing so much, Mrs. Hunt had already let such things go.
With tears of excitement on her face, she said, “Good, good! This is wonderful!” 
The shareholders at the side were also terribly excited. They said, “It’s great that you’re back, Mr. Hunt!” 
“This is great. Looks like we won’t have to get Raymond and his family back from wherever they are…” 
“Yes, and your father won’t have to come back to run the show anymore either…” 
“The Hunt Corporation has found its leader!!” 
“…” 
As they spoke, Justin looked at them and suddenly put his arm around Nora’s shoulders. He said slowly, “Next, I want everyone to go all out and help me with one thing.” 
“What is it?” 
“Didn’t all of you say that Nora and I are not married yet? Prepare for the wedding, then! In 20 days, I will give her an unforgettable wedding!” 
“… Okay!” 
Following Justin’s words, the entire New York instantly became busy. 
— 
At Hotel Imperial Finest. 
“Hello, all appointments for the week before and after the 26th have been canceled. We will compensate you ten times the penalty… Yes, you heard right, it’s ten times… Why? Because we’re holding the wedding of the century!”
In the kitchen. 
“Reconfirm that the ingredients will be airlifted the morning of the 26th! They mustn’t arrive too early, or they will be stale by lunch at noon!” 
… 
At the Smiths. 
Ian was in his room calculating something on the computer. 
Next to him, Joel said, “Dad, give her more. All of this is for Nora… I will also give her 10% of the shares in my name…” 
Ian sighed. “Don’t you think I want to? But she doesn’t want it! She says that it’s annoying when you have too many things!!” 
Joel frowned. “Then what should we give her as a wedding gift?” 
Next to them, a hesitant Tanya finally spoke up. She said, “Er… I don’t think she would really care even if you give her this much money. Instead, it’s better that you…” 
“…That we do what?” 
Both Ian and Joel looked at her. 
Tanya coughed and replied, “It’s better that you gift her the most comfortable bed in the world.” 
“…” 
— 
While everyone was having a headache over their choice of gifts…
At the Hunts’, Iris looked at Nora and Justin in shock and exclaimed, “What did you say? Xander only has one month left to live?!”
###Chapter 992
Chapter 992: Will Xander Die? 
A look of disbelief appeared on the faces of everyone who heard the news, and all of them looked at Nora. Even Mrs. Hunt looked shocked. 
Nora looked at Justin and nodded. “Yes.” 
Bang! 
As Nora’s voice rang out, the glass in Mrs. Hunt’s hand dropped onto the floor. 
She looked at Xander with a complicated look. 
To be honest, Mrs. Hunt didn’t like the boy very much. 
She had watched Pete, an honest and upright boy, grow up. However, from the day Xander had first come to their door, he had been awkward and contrary, and behaved in a terribly detestable way. 
He was not a boy who behaved properly and followed the rules, which made him an outlier in Mrs. Hunt’s eyes. 
However, Mrs. Hunt did not think that Xander would suddenly die so soon. 
It seemed that all of Xander’s shortcomings didn’t matter anymore. It was also at this moment that everyone suddenly realized that Xander was actually just a child. 
“It’s okay.” 
Unexpectedly, Xander gave them a smile that looked as though he had seen through life itself and said, “I don’t feel any pain or discomfort now. See, I look totally fine, right? I supposedly have a month left to
live, but who knows? At least I’m alright now! Besides, I can even be the ring-bearer at Mommy and Daddy’s wedding!” 
When the others saw his smile, they could only force themselves to smile as well. 
Surprisingly, it was Xander who rushed up to Pete and Cherry and said, “Daddy Trueman has told me that I’m actually the eldest! Both of you must acknowledge me as the big brother from now on, get it?” 
Even Xander’s speech had become a little more cheerful. 
It was as though he had really let go of all the gloominess from the past five years. 
Pete looked him in the eye and replied, “Got it. You’re my elder brother.” 
Cherry’s big round eyes were filled with tears. She grabbed Xander’s hand and said, “Xander, Cherry doesn’t want to leave you! … Can you not die?” 
As they said, only children and fools spoke the truth. 
Nora looked at them and sighed. 
In spite of the depressing atmosphere, though, all the Hunts and Smiths showed an unprecedented fighting spirit. 
Xander was dying. 
The boy’s only wish was for his parents to get married and to attend their wedding… 
The thought of it made everyone’s hearts ache. 
As a result…
The Smiths and the Hunts showed an unprecedented sense of unity, seemingly truly planning to turn the wedding into the wedding of the century!! 
The two parties involved were not really required to handle the wedding preparations themselves, of course. 
Nora was currently looking at Pete. 
Pete had a firm look on his face and a determined look in his eyes. He asked, “Mommy, is Xander sick? Which part of his body is sick? Is it the heart? Or the kidney? Can you give him mine?” 
Pete looked extremely serious and solemn. “I don’t want Xander to die.” 
Nora: “…” 
She sighed and touched Pete’s hair. “It’s the brain.” 
Nora had done a CT scan of Xander’s whole body. 
Xander’s gene modification was to the IQ, so the backlash had caused cancer cells to proliferate in his brain, leading to brain cancer. Unless the V16 was injected into him, with the world’s current medical science, there was no cure. 
Pete was stunned. “Can the brain be changed?” 
Nora: “…” 
The two were chatting secretly, but right after Pete spoke, Xander pushed open the door and walked in. He said disdainfully, “Why are you so uninformed about medicine? Would I still be myself if my brain is changed? Even if Mommy’s medical skills are so amazing that she successfully performs the operation, who would be the one alive? You or me?”
Pete frowned. “Probably me. After all, one’s consciousness lies in the brain, which would be mine…” 
Xander rested his chin on his hand. “I think so too. Didn’t someone go through a head transplant surgery in hopes of survival?” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed, and she ignored the two little boys’ wild imaginations. But the moment she exited the room, she saw Cherry looking at her with her eyes red. 
“Mommy, will Xander really die?” 
After asking the question, Cherry looked at her without blinking once. 
Nora: “…” 
Just as she was thinking about how she should answer the question, Cherry suddenly wiped her tears and said, “I know the answer now.” 
Then, the little girl turned around and ran away. 
Nora stared after her, the corners of her lips spasming. 
The little girl had been by her side since she was a baby. A single look from her was all it took for Cherry to know what she was thinking. 
###Chapter 993
Chapter 993: Marriage! 
When the Hunts and the Smiths were up to their necks in work, the parties involved suddenly disappeared. 
Justin took Nora and the three little ones, plus an additional Caleb, with him, and the group of six suddenly vanished from the city. 
When Joel received Nora’s text message, the corners of his lips couldn’t help but spasm. 
“What’s wrong?” Tanya asked. 
Joel replied speechlessly, “They said that they are going on their honeymoon.” 
“…” 
Were they already going on a honeymoon when they weren’t even married yet? 
But no one who knew about it asked them to return. Even when they encountered problems with the wedding preparation, no one bothered the family of five—they knew that the family was accompanying Xander on the last leg of his journey. 
No one wanted to waste a minute or even a second of the time they had left together. 
Although, somewhat contrary to the sorrowful and tragic scene that everyone was imagining… 
On the beach. 
The barefooted Xander stared at the sea and exclaimed, “Is that the sea?” 
“Yeah!” Cherry put her hands on her hips and raised her head as she said, “I often visit the sea. Doesn’t it make you feel relaxed and revitalized?”
“Cherry has improved! She knows words like ‘revitalized’ now!” Pete said approvingly from the side. 
“Yeah!” Xander echoed. 
Cherry raised her chin. “Of course… no, wait, why do I feel like you two are mocking me? Boohoo! Daddy, Pete and Xander are bullying me!” 
Right after Cherry’s words and her pretense of crying by rubbing her eyes with her hands, Justin, who was clad in a pair of cooling beach shorts, strode over. 
Pete and Xander looked at each other and hurriedly got ready to flee. 
Unfortunately, how could the two little ones possibly outrun the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts famous for his agility? 
Thus, the two were caught. 
Then, the two children’s cries could be heard coming from the hotel. 
“I was wrong, Daddy! I won’t bully my younger sister ever again!” 
“Whoa, I’m dying, Daddy! Can you be a little less heavy-handed?!” 
Afterwards. 
Nora applied medicine on the two little boys’ butts. 
Pete bore with the pain and kept quiet. 
As for Xander, he couldn’t help complaining, “That tyrant!” 
Nora chuckled, though her movements were gentle. “Who told you to say that you have never been spanked by your parents? We were just cooperating with you so that you won’t leave the world with
regrets.” 
“… Mommy, you’ve been led astray too!” Xander complained. 
“Then Daddy can just spank him. Why spank me too?” 
At the side, Justin coughed. “… It was habitual.” 
“…” 
Pete had mild autism when he was younger, so he was extremely disobedient. At that time, Justin didn’t know about his condition, so he had spanked him. 
Pete was also very stubborn then, so he refused to cry out even when he was being spanked, which caused Justin to spank him even harder. This led to him developing a fever in the middle of the night. If Mrs. Hunt hadn’t checked in on him, no one would have noticed. 
This was also the reason for the various conflicts between Pete and Justin in the beginning. 
When Justin first took Pete to California, Chester had been quite afraid that Justin and the little troublemaker would fight. Neither of them was someone willing to give in. Fortunately, Pete and Cherry had switched places then. Whenever the little girl cried or wailed, Justin would give in immediately. 
Come to think of it, it was true that Pete hadn’t been spanked for a really long time now. 
While the family of five was happily spending time together, Caleb sat by himself in his room. 
Even the door was closed. 
There was no other way!
Nora wanted to treat his illness, so they had to bring him along. However! Justin didn’t want the man to disturb the family of five’s time together, so every time they arrived somewhere, he would lock him up. 
He was no patient… He was a prisoner! 
The corners of Caleb’s lips spasmed. 
At this moment, his expression suddenly changed, and Trueman appeared. “Ha, what a mockery. Aren’t you jealous when you see their family of five living happily?” 
“… I’m not jealous. Stop your nonsense. I will never listen to you!” 
Trueman’s voice was sharp as he said, “Of course you won’t. Not when you have always been the primary personality! Caleb… You are so shameless!” 
“I’m taking medicine prescribed to me by Nora every day. You will disappear after her wedding at the latest.” 
Upon hearing this, Trueman fell silent. After a while, in a low voice, he finally asked, “Will Xander’s time also be up by then?” 
“Yes, but with you accompanying Xander in the afterlife, maybe he won’t be so lonely.” After speaking, Caleb listened to the excitement in the next room and said, “How nice would it be if Xander didn’t have to die?” 
“You conniving little rat! …” 
As soon as Trueman’s ranting began, Caleb suddenly stretched out a finger and said, “Shh. Listen to how happy they sound.” 
After that, his expression changed a few more times, but he ultimately successfully suppressed Trueman, who did not appear again.
Next, the six of them visited the deserts and grasslands. 
Xander saw the desert and rode a big horse. Not only did he see the beautiful countryside scenery of the United States, Justin even arranged for a private plane to take them to look at the aurora! 
During their twenty-day trip, everyone ran unrestrained, abandoning all their worldly troubles and playing to their hearts’ content. 
Twenty days later, they got on the plane and flew back home. 
Because! 
The wedding was about to begin! 
The moment the helicopter landed at the airport, Joel and Tanya rushed over, grabbed Nora, and started walking out. “Come on, hurry up!” 
“… What’s the big hurry?” asked Nora. 
The corners of Joel’s lips spasmed. “You need to have your makeup done and your clothes changed immediately! It’s your wedding in two hours!” 
“…” 
Justin watched as the two of them dragged Nora into the car, which raced off into the distance. He couldn’t help but take two steps in that direction but was stopped by Brenda, Chester, Howard, and others. “You need to hurry up too, Justin! You have to change into the groom’s outfit and prepare for the wedding!” 
Justin hesitated for a moment and then asked, “Isn’t the wedding tomorrow?”
Everyone: “” 
In the car returning to the Smiths’ residence, Nora couldn’t help but ask the same thing too. 
Everyone who heard the question couldn’t help roaring inwardly, “How can you guys be so unreliable?! Did you get even the date of your wedding wrong?!” 
— 
By the time Nora returned to the Smiths’ residence, the makeup artist was already waiting for her. 
After checking that Nora’s skin was in good condition, the makeup artist couldn’t help but exclaim, “Your skin is in such good condition, Ms. Smith! I’ll just give you some simple foundation and lipstick! This way, you’ll look especially healthy and radiant!” 
“Okay.” 
Nora, who rarely wore makeup, sat in front of the mirror hesitantly. 
The makeup artist applied powder on her face quickly with a brush. It felt quite comfortable, so Nora couldn’t help but doze off. 
When someone finally woke her up, Nora slowly opened her eyes. She was a little stunned when she looked in the mirror.
###Chapter 994
Chapter 994: Stealing The Groom! 
Now that the woman, who didn’t usually wear makeup, was wearing a little makeup, her skin looked even more beautiful and radiant. 
Everyone in the room looked at her in a daze. 
They knew that Nora was good-looking, but they didn’t expect her to be this stunning! 
At the side, Tanya marveled, “Justin is such a lucky bastard!” 
Joel and Ian also stared at her blankly. 
Soon, the cars that were to take them to the church arrived… 
The grand celebration was so huge that people were still marveling at it a few years later. 
The cost of the wedding was nearly a legend on its own. 
Be it the Hunts or the Smiths, both families seemed to want to give them a perfect wedding… 
The decoration in the church was also done ingeniously. White and pink exotic roses covered the place. It was as if the imported flowers didn’t cost a cent… 
Nora’s wedding dress was specially made by a world-renowned fashion designer. As time was of the essence, they had to pay through the nose for it… 
On the wedding day, the guests at the wedding banquet also shocked the entire wealthy circle in New York City… 
Not only did Queenie Schmidt, who was based in Switzerland, attend the wedding in person, but she was even seated on the bride’s side.
People from the pugilistic world also attended the wedding. Quinn and Irvin sat at the same table, which amazed everyone. 
The frail and sickly Dr. Silvester Zabe also attended the wedding… 
There were also international car racers there… 
Even the famous Karl Moore was there… 
A singer of international fame also personally attended the wedding and sang a song that paid tribute to love… 
… 
… 
All kinds of people one would never have imagined coming were all attending the wedding in person— and they were all kith and kin of the bride! 
If there was a reporter here, they could make headlines on social media just by interviewing any random person there. 
Unfortunately for them, security at the wedding was strict, so not a single reporter made it in. 
Nevertheless, the reporters still caught wind of some news because… 
Even the Queen of the UK was here! 
It must be mentioned that visits by the Queen to other countries must be discussed in advance. However, the Queen’s visit this time was very special. Her reason for visiting the United States was just to attend a wedding…
Although the princess of the UK had also attended little Cherry’s birthday party the last time, she was ultimately still just a princess. Moreover, Lucy was the second child and not the heir appointed by the Queen. Therefore, her visit was in no way as astounding as the Queen’s. 
Never mind that the Queen was here, but when she saw the jewelry Nora was wearing, she said jealously, there and then, that she had failed to win it at an auction in the past. She hadn’t expected to see it on Nora… 
The wedding was immortalized as a legendary event. 
When the bride appeared, the long wedding dress behind her was held up by three insanely adorable children who won over the entire audience. They carefully followed behind their mother and brought her to the tyrant. 
When Ian placed Nora’s hand in Justin’s, he closed his eyes, and tears fell from the corners. 
He didn’t say anything emotional but only one sentence: “Lad, if you ever dare bully her, I will kill you!” 
Justin didn’t get mad. Instead, he nodded solemnly and replied, “Never.” 
The three little ones behind him also rushed over waving their fists. They said, “Daddy, if you dare bully Mommy in the future…” 
The look in Justin’s eyes turned frosty as he looked at them, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye shimmering. “What are the three of you going to do?” 
Cherry found herself at a loss for words at once. 
Pete and Xander looked at each other and said in unison, “We will bully Cherry!” 
Cherry: “”
Mr. Slave-To-His-Daughter Justin: “” 
He sneered and said, “Can the two of you bear to do that?” 
Who were they kidding? Those two boys with sister complexes were way scarier than he was, alright? 
He couldn’t imagine anyone being able to take Cherry as their wife in the future. With those two fearsome brothers around, they would probably drive everyone away! 
After the wedding, at last, Nora sat on the bed at the Hunts’ manor to rest. 
Everyone had a great time that day. Even those who knew that Xander didn’t have long to live all feigned happiness because no one wanted to leave behind any regrets. 
The Queen was the only one somewhat distracted at the wedding. She looked at the door from time to time, as if waiting for someone. 
While Nora was thinking about it, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
When she answered the call, the Queen’s quiet voice came from the other end. “Black Cat, do you know that King got married today?” 
“… Yes, I know,” replied Nora. 
The Queen sighed. “I just knew you would be aware of King’s true identity. Why are you being such a defeatist, though?” 
Nora: “?” 
“In my heart, you are a heroine who does as she pleases! With your personality and skills, I thought you would have come to the wedding to steal the groom! You are too cowardly!”
Nora: “!!!” 
The corners of her lips spasmed. Just as she was about to speak, the Queen coughed and spoke again. “But you still have a chance!” 
Nora narrowed her eyes. “What chance?” 
“Tonight, of course. They haven’t consummated their marriage yet. Why don’t I create an opportunity for you to take Justin away?” 
“… You don’t have to do that anymore,” replied Nora. 
“Huh? I know you’re skilled, but the Hunts’ security is still something else. You…” Suddenly, the Queen realized something and she asked in shock, “You’re not already at the Hunts’ manor, are you?” 
Nora’s lips curled into a smile. “Yeah.” 
The Queen sounded excited at once. “Where are you? I’ll come to you!”
###Chapter 995
Chapter 995: I’m Behind You 
“… In the bridal chamber.” 
“Huh? You’ve already sneaked into the bridal chamber? But Justin is not there right now… Oh, I get it!” 
Nora raised her brows. Had the Queen finally realized who she was? 
However, the next moment, the Queen said, “You must have gone there to assassinate Nora!” 
Nora: “” 
The Queen continued smiling as she said, “You have my support, Black Cat! Still, you shouldn’t kill her. Although I hate Nora, Cherry would become a very pitiful child if she loses her mother. How about this? I think it’s better if you just kidnap Justin instead…” 
As Nora listened to the Queen on the phone and the hurried footsteps outside the door, the corners of her lips curled into a smile. 
The Queen continued. “Don’t be rash! It’s not right to take another person’s life. I know you are a killer, but if you kill Nora, Justin won’t let you off… Like you, I really dislike her, especially that poker face of hers that looks as though she never smiles. On top of that, she’s so lazy, and all she does every day is sleep… But Kitty, don’t be rash!” 
Kitty? Nora’s lip corners spasmed. 
The next moment, the Queen lowered her voice and said, “I’m at the door now. Where are you? I’ll pick you up and get you out of there…” 
Then, she rushed into the bridal chamber.
Nora was alone in the room. Justin had dismissed everyone else because… Nora, who had to go to her own wedding as soon as she stepped off the plane, had become sleepy! 
Thus, after the Queen entered and looked left and right, she didn’t see Black Cat. She curled her lips disdainfully at Nora and said, “I’m here to tour your room. You don’t mind, do you?” 
Nora raised her brows and gestured to her to do as she pleased. 
The Queen went straight into the bathroom. The room outside was huge, but there was only a big bed in it. There was nowhere else for one to hide, so the Queen had thought Black Cat was hiding in the bathroom. 
It was only after she went in that she realized that Black Cat wasn’t in there. 
Thus, the Queen whispered into the phone, “Where on earth are you, Black Cat?” 
“I’m on the bed.” 
“…” 
The Queen was taken aback by the reply. 
After replying, Nora hung up. 
She felt that the Queen must have understood what she meant by now. 
She waited for the Queen to exit the bathroom and face her. She wanted to know how the Queen would react since she had dissed Nora for so long just now. 
The thought had only just formed when she spotted the Queen furtively sticking her head out of the bathroom.
The Queen had blue eyes and blond hair and was a beauty. Her current actions added some playfulness to her bearing, and there was none of the imposing aura she usually displayed before outsiders. 
She smiled awkwardly and walked toward Nora. 
Nora looked at her quietly, waiting for her to speak. 
The Queen slowly came up to her. She said, “Uh… Your bed is really big!” 
Nora raised her brows but said nothing. 
The Queen coughed and touched her own hair. Then, she continued in Welsh, “Even my bed back in the UK is not as big and soft as yours… Can I try lying down on it for a while?” 
Nora: “?” 
She frowned, but right after, she saw the Queen suddenly throw herself on the bed. Then, she rolled across the bed all the way from the top to the end. In between, she even pressed her hands against the mattress, seemingly… looking for something? 
Nora: “” 
The corners of her lips spasmed, and she finally understood what the Queen was doing. Thus, she picked up her cell phone and dialed the Queen’s number. 
The Queen got a shock when she saw her cell phone ringing. She gave Nora a smile, then hid at the side and asked in a low voice, “Which part of the bed are you at, Black Cat? Why didn’t I find any mechanisms on the bed?” 
Nora: “…”
As expected, the Queen hadn’t realized anything at all! 
When she made all those excuses and even rolled back and forth on her bed, she was actually searching for Black Cat. 
By then, she couldn’t help but really suspect that the Queen had lost her mind. She slowly stood up, walked up to the Queen from the back, and said into the phone, “I’m behind you.” 
“I’m behind you.” 
The voice on the phone and the one in real life coming from behind her merged into one, causing the Queen to freeze. Then, she looked behind her incredulously.
###Chapter 996
Chapter 996: Bed 
The Queen’s eyes widened and she stared at Nora in disbelief. 
She stared hard at Nora. “You, you, you…” 
“I’m Black Cat,” Nora said directly, worried that the Queen hadn’t still realized her identity, as well as to avoid causing further misunderstandings. 
“… You are standing right in front of me! Of course I’ve realized!” The Queen replied. 
“Oh. I was afraid you’d misunderstand and think that I kidnapped her.” 
Nora’s reply made the Queen’s eyes flicker. To be honest, when she first saw that Nora was holding Black Cat’s cell phone, that had indeed been her first thought. 
However, she would never admit it, so she raised her chin, snorted, and said, “I’m not that stupid!” 
“…” 
Just as Nora was about to speak, Brenda rushed in. She said, “My goodness, why are you here, Your Majesty? Justin instructed everyone to leave my sister-in-law alone and let her sleep. What if your presence here affects her?” 
The Queen: “…” 
When she wanted to speak, Brenda grabbed her arm and said to Nora, “Have a good sleep, Nora. It’s all because I went to the bathroom and took my eyes off her. In just that split second, she made her way
here. Don’t worry, no one will disturb you after this!” 
The Queen struggled. “I—” 
“Yeah, yeah. Alright, let’s go, Your Majesty. I know you have feelings for Justin, but you mustn’t do anything to harm Nora, or I won’t let you off…” 
“The audacity of you! How dare you talk to me like that! I’m the Queen!” 
“You may be the Queen of the UK, but I’m not a citizen of the UK,” retorted Brenda. 
“…” 
The two left the room as they quarreled. 
Brenda had received a task from Justin that day—even if the world came crashing down, no one was to disturb them in the bridal chamber! 
And so… 
When Chester, Howard, the rest of Justin’s cousins, his friends in New York, and other friends from the Smiths came to visit the bridal chamber, they saw Brenda standing at the door. 
Brenda was wearing a fiery red mini dress. She brought a chair over and placed it at the entrance of the corridor to block everyone’s way. Then, she said righteously, “Do you have the heart to disturb those five people in the bridal chamber tonight?” 
Xander was dying.
Everyone in New York had heard of it. Thus, when they heard what Brenda said, they lost interest in visiting the bridal chamber at once and even cast a glance full of heartache at it before leaving obediently. 
Chester also started to entertain the continuous waves of guests on Justin’s behalf, so that he could go upstairs too. 
— 
Seeing that the bedroom had quietened, Nora finally lay down on the bed. 
She had only just lay down when she heard rustling at the door. When she looked over, she saw three little heads—from top to bottom, they were Xander, Pete, and Cherry respectively—lined up in a row. The three little ones looked at Nora curiously. 
When Nora looked over, Cherry asked, “Mommy, are you and Daddy making a baby brother for us tonight?” 
— 
Justin had to pretend to be slightly drunk before he could finally go upstairs. 
It was his wedding night. The mere thought of what was about to come excited him. 
It was just that when he was heading upstairs, he received a text message from Joel: “You’re welcome for the bed! It’ll definitely be to your convenience! You’ll love it!”
###Chapter 997
Chapter 997: The Dawning Sun Lights Up The Clouds 
Joel had ordered someone to construct a big bed and specially sent it over. The mattress was even a high-tech one that felt extremely comfortable. It suited Nora very well, and also suited him and Nora sleeping on it together very well… 
No matter what they did on it, the bed would never creak… 
With his head lowered, he hurriedly entered the bridal chamber. Just as he was about to go for it, he suddenly spotted one… two… three… four people lying on the bed! 
The three little ones were lying beside Nora and even rolling about. “Mommy, this bed is awesome! Uncle Joel is still the best, after all! He gave us such a huge bed!” 
“Yes! This way, we can all sleep with Mommy! And it’s not a squeeze either…” 
Justin: “” 
What the #%￥#&!! 
He couldn’t help but curse in his head!! 
Thanks a lot, Joel!! 
The corners of his lips spasmed. He was about to speak when Cherry spotted him. She stood up at once and waved at him. “Come on over, Daddy! Let’s sleep together!” 
The little girl scuttled inward and patted the area beside her. “You’re the biggest among us! This space here is yours!” 
A resigned Justin walked over. His eyes met Nora’s.
Nora looked breathtakingly beautiful that day. From the very moment he laid eyes on her at the wedding, he couldn’t look away anymore. Even Cherry couldn’t take his attention away from her. 
He smiled. But before he could speak, Nora said, “You looked pretty handsome today.” 
Justin paused when he heard her. Then, he suddenly broke into a grin. 
Xander looked at Justin and then at Nora. Suddenly, he said, “Hey tyr… Daddy. You didn’t say any sweet nothings to Mommy at the wedding today. You have to say one before you can get on the bed!” 
Pete also nodded. “Yes, you must say that you love Mommy! Otherwise, what if you bully her in the future?” 
“Why would I bully her? I can’t even beat her in a fight,” said Justin. 
At the side, Cherry suddenly asked, “Daddy, you’re King, so you’re really powerful; but so is Mommy. In that case, who is stronger, you or Mommy?” 
Nora was also curious. She looked at him eagerly and asked, “Which one of us is the stronger one?” 
One was the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts while the other was the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts… 
Both of them were equally strong, but in their private fights, no one ever came out the winner because Justin always let her win. 
Justin looked at the four in front of him. Suddenly, he smiled and slowly said, “That which wafts and drifts, yet is neither smoke nor clouds; and that which is lush and rich, circling about; that is what we know as the clouds of auspice.” 
As soon as those words came out of his mouth, Cherry and Xander were stunned. “What does that mean?”
Pete sighed silently and explained, “Those lines come from the ‘Records of the Grand Historian: Treatise on the Celestial Offices’. It means that the morning glow lights up the sky, dyeing the clouds into dazzling colors, thereby complementing each other.” 
The tyrant was likening himself to the sun and Mommy to the clouds. 
Xander and Cherry looked at each other, both suddenly feeling that they should study harder! 
Cherry then asked, “Daddy, are you saying that you and Mommy are equally strong?” 
“No, I’m not as good as her.” 
Justin replied honestly as he looked at Nora affectionately. 
As King, and as a leading figure in various industries, he had always been arrogant and never bowed down to anyone. However, in this instant, as he gazed at the woman before him, only one sentence came to his mind: 
“The dawning sun lights up the clouds.” 
Even if he was the sun, he was willing to stand behind the clouds and let her shine. 
— 
That night, the family of five slept together. 
Even after spending more than 20 days outside having fun, their relationship was still surprisingly good. 
Nora also had a rare good night’s sleep. Perhaps she was tired or perhaps it was something else, but the corners of her lips curled into a smile in her dreams. 
The next day, when she woke up and opened her eyes, she met Cherry and Pete’s eyes at once.
When Nora stretched, Cherry immediately gestured at her to keep it down. She said, “Shh. Mommy, Xander is sleeping in like you. He has already slept for 16 hours, but he’s still not up!” 
When she said this, Nora froze. 
Her head turned to the side sharply and she looked at the face fast asleep beside her… 
Was one month over so soon?
###Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000: A Mistake 
When the couple turned around to catch up to the boys, they noticed someone flash by nearby—it was Caleb. 
All three noticed one another. Caleb paused and looked at Nora. 
Both Nora and Justin stopped and then approached Caleb. 
Caleb also walked toward them. 
They met in the middle where all three stopped. 
Caleb, who looked solemn, frowned and asked, “Isn’t there any other solution we can try? Is Xander really going to die? If you can, I’d like you to extract the V16 from my blood and administer it to him.” 
Nora replied, “You know it yourself that the V16 is absorbed into the cells once it has been injected into someone. Doing that is useless now.” 
Caleb then asked, “It’s been so long. Haven’t you found the V16 formula yet?” 
Nora shook her head. “You’ve been with us the whole time over the last month. When am I supposed to find the time to do any research?” 
Caleb suddenly became furious. Seemingly a little crazed, he snapped, “So, why did you do that? Why didn’t you use this time to study the V16 instead of wasting time traveling around? If you had studied the V16 in the lab from the start, maybe you’d already have found the formula by now! And Xander wouldn’t have had to die anymore!” 
Nora replied, “Xander made his choice.”
The chances of her successfully developing the V16 in the laboratory within a month were close to zero. 
So many people had spent decades trying to develop the V16 and still failed. Nora couldn’t say for sure that she could develop something like that in just a few months. 
She had already made her decision with regard to this matter a few months ago. 
Moreover, Lily had been in the laboratory all this time and even so, she had only just managed to outline the real situation. After all, genetic modification was a brand-new field for them. They had never looked into it before. 
Upon hearing her reply, Caleb realized that his anger was utterly unreasonable. He lowered his head and took a deep breath. 
… 
Only then did the trio enter the villa. When they were about to head up the stairs, they saw Xander and Pete looking at them quietly. 
The few of them were surprised. 
Pete nudged Xander. “Go tell them.” 
Xander fidgeted awkwardly but stayed where he was. 
Seeing this, Nora stepped forward and stroked Xander’s hair. “What’s the matter? Is something wrong?” 
“Mommy, I… I want a kiss from you.” 
Xander made a request to Nora. 
Nora nodded and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Xander then looked at Justin. “Tyr… Daddy, lower your head.” 
Justin lowered his head. 
Xander gave him a kiss on the cheek. 
Lastly, Xander looked at Caleb, who took a step forward and squatted down, stretching out his arms to give him a hug. 
However, Xander kept quiet. After some time, he suddenly looked at Nora. “Mommy, would you be able to cure Daddy Trueman’s illness?” 
Over the past month, Nora had been treating Caleb’s condition the whole time. He had almost fully recovered from schizophrenia. Trueman pretty much never appeared the entire time. 
Nora nodded. “Yes, I will.” 
Xander made another request. “Can you do it before I die?” 
“…” Nora was taken aback. 
But faced with the stubbornness in Xander’s eyes, Nora could only sigh and reply, “It’ll more or less be done over the next couple of days. Trueman will be killed off completely and he will never appear again.” 
Only then did Xander nod. He said seriously, “Then I will wake up again tomorrow. I want to see Daddy Trueman recovering from his illness with my own eyes.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora stroked his hair. 
Xander yawned. Rubbing his eyes, he then said, “I’m sleepy.”
“Go to sleep, then.” 
Nora said gently, “You will wake up for sure.” 
“Okay.” 
Nora went up the stairs, took Xander and Pete to their room, and watched the two little boys get into bed. Xander was awfully sleepy. Unable to control his body, he fell asleep immediately after lying down. 
Pete’s closed eyes were still moving about, though. 
When Nora noticed, she smiled and flicked his forehead. Pete opened his eyes and looked at her. “Mommy, Xander won’t die, right?” 
A surprised Nora asked, “Why do you say that?” 
“Once, when I was sick and nearly died, the tyrant held me all night, but he’s not treating Xander with the same tenderness now. This means that he won’t die, right?” 
“…” After a long silence, Nora finally replied, “I don’t know, either.” 
She was telling the truth. 
Since the moment Justin made the decision for them, Nora hadn’t once asked him about his plan. She had done as he said merely because she trusted him. 
She also felt that Justin had a backup plan. 
It was just that she didn’t know what it was… 
Pete was not disappointed at her reply, though. He breathed a sigh of relief and said, “In that case, it’s pretty much confirmed.”
Nora slowly broke into a smile. “Perhaps we will have the answer tomorrow.” 
Because Xander’s body wouldn’t be able to hold out any longer now. 
Pete nodded. 
— 
In a guest room. 
Caleb walked in and entered the bathroom. When he was washing up, he took off his glasses and looked in the mirror. 
In the mirror, Caleb’s smile slowly disappeared and his expression suddenly turned into one of extreme indifference. 
Suddenly, he said, “You’ll be dead tomorrow. Is there anything left that you want to say?” 
Almost as soon as he spoke, his expression became animated. The corners of his lips rose slightly into a smirk, and his voice also turned a bit shrill. “Caleb, you are so shameless!” 
After he spoke, his expression turned into one of indifference again. “I didn’t let you out so that you could throw insults at me.” 
“Then what did you do that for? To bid me farewell? Ha, are you that kind? Caleb, you stole my credit and my son! And now, you’re here to rob me of my life and my body! You sure are scheming! I must have been blind to misjudge you so badly in the past! Who would have thought that you’d be the biggest winner in the end?!”

###Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001: She Killed The Wrong Person 
Upon hearing this, Caleb revealed a touch of a smile. “What are you talking about? How is it that I don’t understand what you’re saying? Trueman, you are the eccentric and vicious extremist here. What does that have to do with me? I am the gentle and considerate hero who betrayed even himself in order to take down the mysterious organization!” 
His words enraged Trueman. “You’re shameless! Who did you even betray?! You only went to the special department because I wanted you to! I told you to do it! We were going to fight the old King together!” 
Caleb replied, “Is that so? But did you put up any resistance? Haven’t you been doing as he wished the whole time? Besides… this body will only survive if I’m the one in it, no? If you’re the one in it, you would be arrested. Those things you did… Heh… But I’m different; I’m the special department’s informant! In everyone’s eyes, I’m the good guy now! Whereas you, Trueman, are a heinous villain! Besides, thanks to Dr. Smith, you haven’t shown up at all during this period of time, have you? Don’t worry, when you’re gone and I get full control over this body, I will find a way to get Nora for you. I know you’re in love with that little fatty… Otherwise, you wouldn’t have visited her when you were younger, right?” 
“CALEB GRAY! What are you planning to do to my little servant? She’s my little servant! Not yours!!” Trueman suddenly yelled. 
“That’s not something you need to worry about, Trueman. Although you are the primary personality, I am the one who truly controls this body. Don’t forget how you couldn’t do anything except shout and be angry in the past! Your anger was utterly useless; your arrogance was no different from a joke in front of the old King! If I hadn’t shown up and helped you step by step to become what you are today, do you think you’d have been any different from those children who died in the lab? Anger is just a display of your incompetence! I summoned you today to say goodbye to you. No matter how much you resist, it’s
useless, hahaha! You are completely under my control now, so you can’t come out at all… You should be thanking me. If I hadn’t let you out, you would just have fallen into a deep sleep instead!” 
Trueman was stunned. 
He fell silent, aware that what Caleb said was true. 
All his anger was pointless at this moment. 
Suddenly, he stopped being angry. He said, “Okay, even if everything you said is true—in fact, I can even let myself be killed off tomorrow without fighting back—I only want you to promise me one thing.” 
“What is it?” 
“Don’t do anything to that family anymore.” 
Caleb smiled. “Sure, I’ll promise you that. Do you trust me, though?” 
“No.” 
Trueman answered truthfully. 
“Then why bother saying that? My dearest big brother, give it some good thought. What else do you want to say?” 
Trueman clenched his fists. 
…
Anger was a display of incompetence. 
Indeed. 
He didn’t know what to do except throw temper tantrums, which was probably why they were in this situation today. 
He was clearly the one who had saved Xander and Pete, but Nora and Justin obviously credited Caleb for it. As for Xander… he must also think that Daddy Trueman was a bad person, right? Only Caleb was a good man to him… 
Trueman hung his head, which he had held up all this time, in defeat. 
He suddenly said, “Xander is about to die. I won’t tell anyone about this, so I hope you can also keep it a secret.” 
He didn’t want Xander to leave this world with regrets. 
Caleb replied, “Of course.” 
After a while, Trueman suddenly said, “Xander loves ramen the most. I hope you can take him out for some tomorrow. I promised him that I would.” 
“Okay.” 
“Xander has always wanted a big helium balloon. He didn’t want to be trapped in the basement forever, he wanted to fly into the sky. I hope you will buy him one. Buy a cheery one. He would like that.”
“Okay.” 
“… Back then, when I visited the little fatty and gave her food, I only did it so that she would agree to be my servant. But she refused so adamantly, she would rather starve to death than agree to it. Toward the end, she even bit my hand…” 
Trueman lowered his head and raised his arm. Sure enough, he saw a bite mark on his forearm. 
He said, “I was so mad at the time that I threw the food to her and arrogantly declared that I would make her my servant one day.” 
“Why are you telling me all this?” 
Trueman paused and then replied, “Since I’m going to die while you’re going to live on as me, I’ll give you a clear and detailed account of some of the things that happened back then. I hope you can let Xander leave without any regrets, and I also hope that you can keep these things a secret forever and never let them know… that she killed the wrong person.”
###Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002: Goodbye! 
Caleb kept his silence and did not speak. 
Trueman went on. “Although you and I share a body, you don’t actually know the things I’ve done. But I’m willing to tell you all these details now… I just hope that you can refrain from hurting her in the future! 
“Even if you survive, you will still have to live under the special department’s surveillance for the rest of your life, so you won’t be able to try any tricks. In that case, I shall fill in for you the details of how I had interacted with them and let you become the real me…” 
Trueman heaved a quiet sigh and added, “… as thanks for your appearance back then, which saved me.” 
Back then, in the mysterious organization’s laboratory, as Trueman watched his brothers and sisters die one by one, he had been extremely furious. He was violent and angry, yet also helpless. 
It was at this time that Caleb had appeared. 
With his appearance, Trueman stopped butting heads with the mysterious organization and started to adopt a soft approach instead. Not only did he become the sole survivor, but he even gained the old King’s approval and became the mysterious organization’s heir! 
Back then, the old King had wanted him to conceive a child with Nora. 
However, the furious Trueman didn’t want to obey his orders. As though he was playing a prank, he found a handsome guy to take his place, planning to use him to neutralize the fatty’s genes… 
At that time, Trueman’s intentions really were to just defy the old King…
Trueman’s personality was indeed like what outsiders described him to be—untamed and uninhibited like a devil. Yet, at the same time, he was also a bit guileless. 
Growing up in the basement, no one had ever taught him to differentiate between good and evil, so he didn’t understand what was good and what was evil. He was a little devil who wouldn’t even know if he did something wrong. 
As a result, Xander, who grew up under his care, also had a similar personality. 
Even if he was inherently good, he did not know how to differentiate between right and wrong, or good and evil. 
However, Xander had Nora and Justin to teach him whereas Trueman didn’t! 
On the other hand, Caleb was a hypocrite. He smiled all the time, but in truth, he was cunning and vicious. That was why he had planned this whole conspiracy and pretended to be Trueman to cheat Nora out of the V16! 
… 
In fact, he had even tricked Nora into treating his mental illness so that he could fully take over the body! 
Trueman couldn’t resist even if he wanted to. 
No… 
It didn’t become like this because Nora had treated his illness; it was because he had been secretly taking medicine behind Trueman’s back, causing their control of the body to gradually go out of balance and lean toward him… 
It was now impossible for Trueman to appear even if he wanted to!
Upon hearing Trueman, Caleb sneered and asked, “So, are you saying all this so that I would let you say goodbye to Xander?” 
Before their personalities could switch to Trueman, Caleb said, “That’s impossible!” 
He would never give Trueman the chance to take back the body and expose the truth. 
Therefore, he would never let Trueman say his goodbyes to Xander. 
Trueman’s lips curled into a smile as he said, “I know you’ll definitely be afraid and refuse to let me do it. I’m dying anyway; does it matter whether I say goodbye or not?” “That’s true. In that case, sweet dreams, my brother.” 
After speaking, Caleb closed his eyes. By the time he opened them again, the look in his eyes had become gentle again. 
— 
The next day. 
Xander woke up even later than last time. This time, he slept all the way until eleven o’clock at night. 
By the time he woke up, the sky was already dark. 
Everyone accompanied him to dinner. Then, the group marched to Caleb’s room. 
In the room, a dish with a lid over it sat on the table. 
As soon as they entered, Caleb pointed to the dish on the table and said, “Xander, this is for you.” 
Xander was taken aback.
He looked at the dish, his eyes lighting up. “Are you the Daddy Trueman who treats me nicely every time?” 
Caleb did not say anything. 
Xander slowly walked toward the dish and reached out for it. 
Caleb’s eyes were fixed on him. 
No one noticed the corners of his lips curling upward slightly, nor the instantaneous change in his eyes. 
Xander removed the lid… 
Underneath the lid was a cheeseburger! 
Xander broke into a smile. “Daddy, you remembered that I like cheeseburgers!” 
He picked up the burger and took a couple of bites. 
Caleb, however, suppressed the smirk on his lips. 
At the same time, two personalities appeared in his mind. 
“… You already knew!” Trueman exclaimed. 
Caleb sneered. “Yes. There was no way I was going to trust you when you were telling me so much, of course. If I had prepared ramen for Xander like what you told me to, I would probably have given myself away by now, right? Come on, do you really think that I haven’t been doing anything all these years? I am aware of all the times you visited that boy! I had installed a surveillance camera at the place where you locked him up!” 
Trueman: “!!”
Caleb went on. “I certainly am not very sure about your history with Nora, but it doesn’t seem like it’s necessary for me to know anymore anyway.” 
Trueman was furious and raging. He screamed, “You’re shameless! Caleb, you’re so shameless! She is my little servant! And he is my son! You are so shameless!” 
“Trueman, whether it’s Nora or Xander, they are both mine now.” 
Caleb laughed. 
He opened his eyes and looked at Nora. “Let’s do it. Is this the last acupuncture session?” 
“Yes.” 
Nora walked over slowly and picked up a silver needle. She said to Caleb, “It may take a bit longer this time, and you will also fall asleep. The next time you wake up, he will be gone forever.” 
“Okay.” 
With a gentle smile, Caleb lay down on the specialized bed meant for conducting acupuncture and rested both his hands on his chest. When he thought of how Trueman was about to disappear whereas he would fully take over the body and become a good person… A smile appeared on his face. 
His smile was so relaxed. 
Then, he felt Nora inserting the needle in her hand into his head. 
In his ear was her low and mellow voice. “Go to sleep.” 
He said, “Nora, have I ever told you that I was in love with you too?” 
Nora kept quiet and inserted another needle instead.
Caleb began to doze off. 
Before he fell asleep, he could vaguely hear Trueman’s furious shouts in his mind. He seemed like he was about to dissipate and fade away as he yelled, “Shameless! You’re shameless!” 
The corners of Caleb’s lips rose into a smile. “Goodbye, Trueman.”
###Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003: Stay 
Trueman was trapped in the body. 
He felt like he was watching a replay of his entire life. 
From the moment he was born, he had been injected with the gene serum in the laboratory. People observed his body at regular intervals. The young boy did not know how people on the outside led their lives. He thought that people were born to suffer; after all, wasn’t that exactly the case for all the children around him? 
For him, the happiest day of each month was the day when the old man came to visit. 
The old man had already gotten on in years. Trueman was one of the youngest among his children… 
It was said that many of the old man’s children before him had already died… 
Even so, he still liked the old man because he always brought him loads of delicious treats, including chocolates and candies that reduced the bitter taste in his mouth after he was injected with the gene serum. 
However, he always stayed at the back of the crowd and never dared to go forward to get closer to the old man. He was afraid of him. 
Over time, he grew up. 
He could no longer remember which gene serum it was, but one of the times he was being injected with it, he simply couldn’t bear the pain and felt like he was about to die. At that time, a second personality— Caleb—had slowly formed inside his head. 
Caleb had a much better personality than him.
He was impulsive and irritable, and he wore his heart on his sleeve. 
But Caleb was more likable, and he knew how to judge the situation better. When the old man visited, he even stepped forward to please the old man, making him so happy that he even gave him two more pieces of the chocolate he was holding. 
When did changes start taking place between the two? 
Ever since the old man discovered that Trueman had schizophrenia, he was given special treatment. Since then, the numerous times he was injected with the gene serum, the mysterious organization put in full effort to save him, and he ultimately survived the years of ordeal. 
All his brothers and sisters around him had died. 
… 
Feeling lonely, Trueman regarded Caleb as his brother. 
It was just that Trueman didn’t understand why the old man had suddenly handed down the mysterious organization to him after he was injected with the V15. At the same time, he had specifically stated that the heir to the mysterious organization was Trueman while Caleb was only meant to assist him. 
It was probably because Caleb was a secondary personality, right? 
Then, they started looking for the V16… 
Being paranoid, after he became the heir, he acted impulsively in everything he did, no matter what. No one could keep him in check—except Caleb. 
Because he cared about Caleb. 
But never would he have ever imagined that Caleb would fight him for the control of the body one day.
He wanted to be the sole owner of the body. 
It saddened Trueman terribly. 
But he also felt relieved. 
Perhaps only smart and manipulative people like him could survive in this world. 
Trueman closed his eyes. 
Goodbye, Caleb. 
Goodbye, Xander. With Daddy Trueman accompanying you in the afterlife, you won’t have to be scared anymore. 
… Goodbye, little fatty. 
Soon, his consciousness disappeared. 
… 
… 
He thought that he would never open his eyes again. 
But in his daze, his eyes suddenly opened. Blinding light shone into his eyes, turning his vision completely white, and he couldn’t adapt to it at all. He suddenly stretched out his hand and covered his face. 
What was this place? 
Where was he?
Wasn’t he already dead? 
As soon as the thoughts formed, he heard a voice coming from the side. “Daddy Trueman, is that you?” 
Trueman abruptly looked in the direction where the voice came from to see Xander standing there. 
Trueman was stunned. He asked, “Xander? Why are you here? Did… your illness relapse, so you reached the afterlife before me?” 
Xander: “?” 
The corners of his lips spasmed. He turned his head to the side and said, “Looks like he really is Daddy Trueman.” 
“Yeah. It’s fine as long as we didn’t get the wrong person.” 
The low and mellow voice took Trueman by surprise again. It was then that he finally looked to Xander’s side and saw Nora. Trueman became even more stunned. “Little servant? Are you dead too?” 
“…” 
Snap! 
Nora switched off the light, dimming the room. She said dryly, “You’re still alive. Also, I am not your servant.” 
Trueman: “!!” 
He looked at Nora in disbelief and sat up suddenly. 
He looked down at his hands and then pinched his cheek. Then, he asked Xander, “Quick, take a look at me, Xander. Am I still the same person?”
“… Yes, it’s you, Daddy Trueman.” 
Even Xander felt rather helpless. 
He sighed and walked over to Trueman. He said, “Mommy had already noticed that something was wrong a long time ago. That bad guy pretended to be you and kidnapped me and Mommy, right?” 
Trueman nodded. “Yes, that’s right!” 
It was precisely from that point onward that he sensed that something was wrong with Caleb, so he had kept asking for control over the body. However, Caleb claimed that he had a way to obtain the V16, so he suppressed him and refused to let him out. 
The only time he had come out was when Xander had been in danger. 
Caleb had been impersonating him to deal with Nora and wanted to disregard Xander’s life. 
Besides, if the rock had hit Xander, no one would pay attention to him anymore. With that, he would be able to inject the gene serum into himself immediately… 
However, Trueman had fought desperately to emerge that time, successfully saving Xander’s life at the critical moment. 
It was also after that time that he completely lost control over the body. 
But now, he was finally back? 
He turned to Nora in a daze. Suddenly, he frowned and sneered, “My little servant, you and Justin sure are generous! You actually injected the V16 into me! Are you abandoning your son? The two of you are not worthy of being parents!”
Caleb had also feigned regret and anguish, but he had done it gently, which looked overly hypocritical. 
Who wouldn’t want to live? 
There was scorn and disappointment in Trueman’s words, but also some relief and hope. This was what a normal person’s reaction should be. 
The biggest difference between Trueman and Caleb lay in the fact that Trueman was genuine and not hypocritical. 
Nora lowered her eyes and said nothing. 
Justin took a step forward and brought Xander over to Trueman. Before doing anything else, he asked Nora, “Caleb won’t ever come out again, right?” 
“Yeah.” Nora nodded. 
After realizing that Caleb was lying, she decided to go along with his ploy. To destroy a personality, the person must be completely relaxed. If Caleb was tense and distrusted her, it would have been even harder for her to get rid of him. 
Xander asked nervously, “Will he ever appear again?” 
Nora kept quiet for a while before she replied, “Probably not.” 
This was unless Trueman birthed another personality. 
Xander breathed a sigh of relief. 
When Justin heard this, he looked at Xander and then nodded to Trueman. He motioned to them and said, “You heard your mommy. You can rest assured now, right? Alright, say your goodbyes to each other. Xander’s time is running out.”
The light in Trueman’s eyes dimmed instantly. 
Panic also appeared in Xander’s eyes. He was just a child after all; how could he possibly not fear death?
###Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004: Will He Really Die? 
Xander looked at Trueman.He grinned at him, revealing two little canine teeth.Trueman’'s eyes reddened. 
Although he had received the V16 injection and survived—which made him selfishly feel happy for himself—now that he was truly faced with the moment of separation, Trueman suddenly understood something he had read on the Internet: "If one could exchange their life for another's, or if one could make a wish with their death as the price, then there would probably be a lot of mothers and fathers in Heaven." 
Though Xander was not his biological son, he had brought him up for five years and watched him grow from a tiny infant to the big boy he was now. 
How could Trueman possibly bear to part with him? He reached out and stroked Xander's head. 
"You're such a silly boy." Xander took his hand. 
"Daddy Trueman, don't do anything illegal anymore.Mommy works with the special department, so she is authorized to arrest you...Daddy is also very fierce.He will be watching you too." 
Xander looked at Trueman intently. 
"Can you promise me that?" 
Xander's words stunned Trueman. 
Faced with the child's clear and pristine eyes, Trueman's lips curled into a smile. 
"Okay."
Hearing his reply, relief flooded Xander. 
Although Daddy Trueman was not a good man, he always kept his word and never lied... 
After talking to him, Xander returned to Nora's side. 
Trueman looked at Nora and Justin and asked, "What do the two of you intend to do about me?" 
Trueman could be said to be an out-and-out villain. 
Over the years, he had led the mysterious organization to commit a lot of crimes. 
Besides, he was not like Caleb who had pushed the blame for all the crimes on him—he was indeed a villain. 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look. 
Justin replied, "I will get you out of here, but everything else that happens after is out of my hands." 
The special department was still searching for him all over the world and trying to capture him. 
Although the mysterious organization had been dissolved, as its leader, Trueman would remain a wanted criminal for the rest of his life. 
To be honest, Nora and Justin had the option of handing over Trueman directly to the special department. 
However, Trueman had saved Xander twice and even Pete too... 
These two reasons were more than enough to hold back Nora and Justin from doing something like that.
Trueman nodded and got up. 
"We don't owe each other anything anymore’ Justin said, "The car is right outside" 
Justin didn't want to see him anymore, not even for another minute or second... 
Trueman nodded and headed straight for the door. 
But halfway through, he suddenly turned to look at Justin. 
"By right, I can be considered your elder brother, which would then make Nora my sister-in- law.I have something to ask her.You don’t mind, right?" 
Justin looked at him with a complex look on his face. 
"No, go ahead." 
There was no way he would ever tell Trueman the truth! After all, that would put him a whole generation younger than him! He'd just let him think that they were brothers instead! Trueman looked at Nora. 
"When did you discover Caleb's secret?" 
The messages he had tried to send hadn't been conveyed to Nora at all. 
In that case, how had it occurred to Nora? Nora cast her eyes down. 
Suddenly, she smiled and said, "If I tell you that I never really trusted Caleb, would you believe me?" 
Trueman was taken aback.
Nora explained, "Back then, when he first appeared in New York, he was captured and humiliated because of me.I went to rescue him that time.You may not know this, but later, Morris told me that all those who had bullied him perished in a fire.When he was investigating the matter, he’d thought that either Justin or I was behind it, but neither of us is that cruel" 
Although they were all bad people, Justin and Nora never broke the law in the United States! They were both model citizens who abided by the law. 
The most they would do was teach them a lesson; they would never cause any fatalities. 
In that case, the only other possible explanation was that Caleb had murdered them to vent his anger. 
Since they had kidnapped him, there was no doubt that he would want to kill them. 
However, Caleb had killed them in too cruel a way. 
All of them had been tortured before they died. 
It was to the extent that all their bones were broken. 
Trueman frowned. 
Nora went on. 
"Later...When he was arrested by the special department, doubts did form in my mind when you sent me a text message to take care of him when there was no way he could access his cell phone in prison.But later, when he got someone to impersonate you and meet me, that was when I thought, ‘I see, so you can do it like that too! He could totally just get a subordinate to imitate the way you speak and do what you're supposed to do...! "
After his identity was exposed, I became even more suspicious of him.When the cook was killed, that was when I became sure that Caleb was not a good person! 
"At that time, I'd thought you were pretending to be him, but the more I thought about it, the less sense it made.Considering how arrogant and conceited you are, how would you possibly pretend to be someone else?" 
Ever since Nora met Trueman, she had always known that he was a little devil. 
However, the little devil was awfully naive, easily provoked, and didn't have that many tricks up his sleeve.It was unlikely that he would be willing to pretend to be Caleb to approach her... 
"Later, Xander finally confirmed your identity.He has spent the most time with you and knows you the best.He refused to call Caleb ‘Daddy’ the whole time but always addressed you as ‘Daddy Trueman..." 
At this point, Nora said at last, "So, I took a gamble—I gambled that you were the one who saved us back then...Also, it came back to me..." 
Trueman asked, "What did?" 
"The way you threw stuff at me from outside my door back then. 
Caleb's biggest mistake was telling me that he was the one who had given me food. 
Given that person's little devil-like behavior at that time, that person was clearly you!" 
Trueman lowered his eyes and smiled. 
"In the end, he was the one who ultimately exposed himself” 
"Yeah."
After explaining everything, Nora gestured to the door. 
"It's time to go.I can't guarantee when Morris would be here to arrest you." 
Trueman nodded and left. 
After he went downstairs and got into the car that Justin had arranged for him, Pete looked nervously at Nora and Justin. 
"Mommy, Daddy.Will Xander really die?"
###Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005: Two Options! 
Pete's question made everyone look at Justin. 
Only Nora, who seemed to have vaguely guessed something, pressed her lips together and kept quiet. 
Justin let out a small sigh.He squatted down, looked at Xander, and stroked his head. 
"Xander, you have two options now." 
The puzzled Xander looked at him. 
"What?" 
"The first one: we capture and bring Trueman back, lock him up for life, and never let him show his face outside.This way, you'll be able to live on openly." 
Xander: "?" 
Stunned, the boy didn't seem to be able to quite digest the news. 
What was going on? What was this sudden plot twist? He didn't have to die anymore? They had the V16 now? While he was thinking, Nora asked, "What is the second option?" 
Justin answered, "We let Trueman go free while you stay hidden for life, unable to ever appear before others." 
Pete frowned. 
Cherry asked blankly, "Why?"
At her question, Justin explained to the three children seriously, "Because we can't let outsiders know that a third V16 exists.Other five-year-olds were still naive and innocent at this stage of their lives, but the three of them were different.All three of them were exceptionally intelligent, so Justin felt it necessary to explain everything to them clearly.Xander suddenly realized something. 
"A third V16 exists?" 
"." 
Justin kept quiet for a while and looked at Nora. 
When he was about to speak, Nora interjected and spoke ahead of him. 
"My guess is that there exists not just a third but also a fourth, fifth, and even more.Am I right?" Justin sighed. 
He knew he wouldn't be able to hide anything from Nora.He nodded. 
However, Xander didn't understand. 
"But didn't Grandma only leave two? They were at the university!" 
Nora explained, "That's because your father only allowed your grandma to leave two." 
The more Xander heard, the more confused he became. 
He felt like he didn't understand what was going on at all.He stared at them blankly. 
Nora, however, looked at Justin and asked, "If I'm not wrong, the V16 is actually me, right?" 
A resigned Justin nodded.
"When did you realize?" 
"I became suspicious when you told me to give Trueman the V16."" 
Nora lowered her eyes. 
"Also, back when we found out that Barbarian was coming to New York for the V16 and that Mom had left clues in the bank, I slept very deeply for an hour that night.When I woke up, I found a needle hole on my sole, an inconspicuous part of the body.I didn’t think much about it at that time but come to think of it now, you must have extracted my blood? Therefore, my blood is the V16, right? No, to be exact, my plasma is the V16." Justin nodded. 
"That's right." 
Enlightenment dawned upon Nora. 
"So, back then, when you faked your death, your purpose was to create an illusion for them that those were the only V16s left, so if they failed to get their hands on them, they would die! It wasn't a diversion tactic at all..." 
When Justin's identity as King was still a secret, Nora had really been under the impression that he was diverting attention away from her. 
But after his identity as King was revealed, Nora didn't understand anymore... 
Since he was so powerful, why did he still have to divert attention away from her? But she finally understood now— Justin had done all that just to protect her! If news of her plasma being the V16 were to spread, even if Justin was King, he still wouldn't be able to stop the whole world from wanting to become stronger. 
This was especially the case for the longevity gene...
How many big shots and titans of various industries with the desire to lengthen their lifespans were there in this world? Sure, King could set up the Imperial League and rule over the world, but he still would never be able to control everybody's desires. 
Think about it, once the news got out, how many people would try to steal Nora's blood? Their lives would become incredibly tiresome! Therefore... 
Justin was actually the one who had left behind the Morse code and so on that Nora's mother had put in the safe in the bank. 
He had already figured out the truth long ago and set up a huge conspiracy! Justin looked at Nora. 
Suddenly, he said, "Your mother really loved you a lot." 
Nora fell silent. 
Yes, Yvette had indeed thought of everything. 
If Nora wanted to fight the world's largest organizations.the Imperial League and the mysterious organization, she would have needed incredible strength and power. 
Thus, her mother had prepared a great number of teachers for her. 
However, no one could say for sure how powerful she would become as an individual, so Yvette had also arranged one last route for her. 
This way, even if she lost the fight, the mysterious organization would still be prevented from killing her. 
After all, once she was dead, that would be all the blood they would have. 
But if she was alive, she would be able to continuously produce the V16! The gene serum she was injected with when she was a child was not an IQ-improving one at all; that was nothing more than a
gimmick. 
Her mother had injected her with the V16 instead!!! When everyone suddenly realized what was going on, Justin said, "But I didn't foresee Queenie's sudden appearance." 
He had only made two gene serums. 
After all, if there were three or four, it wouldn't be able to make the five survivors of the mysterious organization go for one another's throats anymore. 
One was for Xander. 
The other was meant for the mysterious organization as a form of hope. 
This way, at least the mysterious organization could still give Xander a way out, and they could also cut down on unnecessary trouble. 
But never would he have thought that Queenie's genes had also undergone modification. 
As a result, they were still one V16 short. 
Although Trueman was not a good man and had taken and injected Xander with the gene serum, this didn't change the fact that he had saved the two children back then! Without him, Pete and Xander might have already died long ago. 
Moreover, even though Xander had grown up in the basement, Trueman hadn't done it on purpose. 
He himself had grown up in an environment like that; in his world, that was how children were supposed to live. 
He had even given Xander a lot of animals as company.
Of course, he was not trying to whitewash Trueman.He was indeed a bad person, but his life should not end in their hands... 
Justin looked at Xander again. 
"In order to keep your Mommy's secret, you must choose one of the two options.If we lock up Trueman, we can say that we extracted all his blood and refined the V16 from it, thereby saving you.Therefore, Trueman must ‘die’. 
If Trueman doesn't ‘die’, then you must- Justin lowered his eyes. 
"I already have it all planned.Pete will receive all of the Hunts’ assets in the future, but the Imperial League also needs a successor.If you wish to go underground, then it works out because you can be the next King to the Imperial League." 
If he chose the second option, then Xander would have to "die" tonight. 
From that day onward, he would have nothing to do with the Hunts anymore. 
Without hesitation, Xander said, "I choose Option 2!" 
He had lived in darkness since the day he was born. 
So what if he had to continue living in the shadows for the rest of his life? But as soon as he spoke, Justin's cell phone suddenly rang. 
When he answered, a flustered voice came from the other end. 
"Boss, this is terrible! Trueman...He..."
###Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006: Living For Himself For The First Time 
The caller, who was too distressed, couldn't help stammering. 
Xander panicked. 
"What happened to Daddy Trueman?" Nora also looked over. 
Justin asked gravely, "What on earth happened?" 
His voice seemed to have some magic power that calmed the caller, who then answered, "An accident has happened!" 
In a hospital ward. 
Nora and Justin stood at the door, both looking at the man on the bed. 
Xander's eyes were all red from crying. 
"Why are you crying?" 
Trueman, who was on the bed, sounded annoyed. 
"You're a man, aren't you? I'm so tired of hearing you cry.Xander stopped crying at once.He stepped forward and stretched out his little hand to touch Trueman's face.However, his face was all bandaged, and every part of it was injured.Yes, that was right. 
Trueman was disfigured. 
After he got into the car that Justin had arranged for him, as they slowly drove to the airport, a thought suddenly hit him and he cursed.
"Sh*t!" 
Neither Nora nor Justin were a saint in the traditional sense. 
How could they possibly do something like giving up the V16 for him and letting their own son die? Trueman would never have thought this deeply before. 
But when he found out that Justin was King while knowing that King's identity must forever remain a mystery, it was at that moment that it suddenly hit him. 
He suddenly said, "Stop for a moment.I'm going to the pharmacy to get some medicine." 
Thereafter, he took a bottle of concentrated sulfuric acid and splashed it on his face.It disfigured him. 
This was his way of erasing Trueman from the world and allowing Xander to live on. 
Xander had never let him down before. 
In that case, he wasn't going to fail him either. 
Xander couldn't help but ask, "Does it hurt?" 
"Duh, obviously it does." 
Trueman leaned on the bed and crossed one leg over the other.He shook his leg casually as he said, "I am disabled now.Since I brought you up, you must take care of me until I die of old age, you hear? I'm counting on you to feed me from now on!" 
In other words, he was willing to stay at the Hunts’ residence and be under house arrest for the rest of his life.
After all, even if he was now disfigured, going by Nora and Justin's personalities, they still wouldn't trust him completely. 
Xander nodded and said seriously, "Don't worry, Daddy Trueman, I won't let you go hungry! As long as I still have a bite of food, you will also have a morsel of it!" 
"Sh*t! Being a big joker, aren't you?! Leaving yourself a whole bite and giving your dad only a morsel?" 
Trueman pointed to his face. 
"I did this all for your sake, you know!" 
Xander wanted to say more, but Trueman waved him off. 
"Alright, get lost.I'm going to bed.I'm exhausted! I've only just taken over the body, so I'm not that good with it yet..." 
"Okay." 
Xander walked to the door. 
Suddenly, he looked back at him and asked, "Does it hurt, Daddy Trueman?" 
Trueman stopped shaking his leg for a moment. 
Then, he scoffed and replied, "Of course it doesn't! I told you, I'm a man! This bit of pain is nothing! I won't make a peep even if I break an arm or a leg!" 
Only then did Xander breathe a sigh of relief. 
Nora, however, glanced at Trueman.
She said nothing and cast her eyes down instead. 
After the family of three left the ward, Trueman clenched the sheets all of a sudden. 
F*ck! It hurt so f*cking much!! It hurt so much that all his toes had curled up... 
Yet...he was also so goddamn happy. 
For the first time in his life, he had lived for himself and made a decision on his own. 
At last, his life was no longer dictated by the old King, nor was it the result of discussion with another.He had lost his freedom again. 
But it also seemed that he was finally free. 
On the way home, Nora suddenly asked, "What do we do about him?"
###Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007: Five Years Later 
"Let's set him free." 
Justin said after a moment of contemplation. 
Nora looked half-amused. 
"Really?" 
She didn't believe that the man trusted Trueman. 
To be honest, even she didn't trust him either. 
What if Trueman went crazy one day and told the whole world that she was the V16? Sure enough, Justin then said, "I will get my men to keep tabs on him." 
The plan was to have someone tail him and report his whereabouts at all times.If he ever showed signs of reviving the mysterious organization, Justin would off him immediately. 
Nora nodded. 
Xander surprisingly also nodded, giving his approval for the plan. 
Nora was a little surprised to see Xander nodding. 
The drowsy woman leaned against the car seat, upon which she heard the little guy's voice. 
"Daddy Trueman has made a lot of mistakes, so it's true that it's inappropriate for him to stay with us.It would be awful if he led Cherry and Pete astray too." 
They soon reached home in the car.
After saying goodbye to Xander, Nora went to bed. 
However, Justin put his arms around her. 
Just as he was about to speak, Nora said, "I finally know why I'm always so sleepy” 
Justin was taken aback. 
"And why is that?" 
"Because my plasma is the V16, all the nutrients in my body are constantly being absorbed at an insane rate, leading to my energy level always being low.This, in turn, causes my perpetual lethargy." 
Nora looked at him and said seriously, "So, if there's something you want to do, wait until I'm up again." 
A week later, after Trueman's wounds stabilized, Nora performed cosmetic surgery on him. 
Before entering the operating room, Trueman, who looked like he was in a dilemma, asked, "So, all I needed to do was to just request that you perform cosmetic surgery on me? Why did I splash acid on my face instead?" 
An expressionless Nora asked, "Uh-huh.So, why did you do it?" 
Trueman: ".." 
Nora went on. 
"Have you decided what kind of face you want?" 
Trueman answered, "I want one that is more handsome, more arrogant, and more attractive than Justin's.Oh, right, he has a beauty mark at the corner of his eye.Give me one too."
Nora looked troubled. 
"..I can't imagine a face more handsome than his." 
F*ck! Is she showing off how much in love they are? Trueman thought. 
Then, the girl yawned and said, "Come on, hurry up and choose.I'm going back to bed after the surgery." 
She looked impatient. 
Trueman: ".." 
When he came out of the operating theater, Trueman had bandages all over his face. 
The stitches in some places were to be removed in a month's time while some could be removed after just two days. 
However, when Trueman woke up, he found himself on a ship instead of the hospital ward.He became angry at once. 
"Where are you taking me?" 
One of Justin's subordinates looked at Trueman and replied, "Mr.Hunt has instructed us to take you wherever you'd like. 
Trueman: "!" 
He wanted to rage, but held himself back in the end.He touched his face and asked, "Compared with Justin's, whose facial features look better?" 
"Hey, answer me! I'm asking you a question! Are you mute? Or are you blind?"
Five years later. 
In the playground of the top elementary school in New York. 
It was already dark, but a few people were still jogging there. 
"I can't run anymore!" 
A sweet voice rang out as its owner panted heavily. 
A pretty little girl somewhat resembling Nora was bent over and gasping for breath. 
"Cheryl, did you ruin your body by playing games every day? You haven't even run that much yet and you're already at your limit?"A voice that sounded a little heretical reached her. 
Alexander Yale jogged to the spot beside the girl and reached out to tug at her. 
"Come on!" 
".We must have already run eight laps by now, right?!" 
Cheryl retorted. 
Alexander curled his lips disdainfully. 
"Pete can run for hours without panting, you know.Your physical fitness is too poor!" 
Cheryl's eyes widened. 
"Peter said that we should call him Peter Hunt! Pete is a nickname.He has already grown up!" 
"No matter how old he is, he's not going to be older than me."
Alexander ignored her and urged her again. 
"Hurry up, Cherry!" 
"..My name is CHERYL SMITH!!" 
Cheryl couldn't help gnashing her teeth. 
Alexander grinned and then reached out to grab her hand. 
"Alright, alright.C'mon, I'll pull you along as we run! You don't want Great-Grandma to say that you were brought up by Mom while Pete was brought up by Dad, and that Pete looks way stronger than you, right?" 
During the last few years, even though the family lived in harmony, there was no way that the elderly Mrs.Hunt would just let them be. 
As Peter grew up, he became more and more outstanding. 
He took the college entrance examinations at the age of ten and achieved a perfect score.He had already been sent to college. 
Cheryl, however, was addicted to games. 
Although she was smart, she did not focus on her studies. 
This led to Mrs.Hunt occasionally being sarcastic and saying things like children brought up by serious people were serious, whereas children brought up by certain people were oh-so-delicate... 
Cheryl was the darling of the family, but Mrs.Hunt was the only one who still preferred her grandsons to her granddaughter.
Over the years, she had even started to accept Alexander, but she simply found Cherry an eyesore all the time... 
Upon hearing what Alexander said, Cheryl couldn't help but sigh.She gritted her teeth and said, "Fine, we'll run one more lap.Just one, okay?!" 
"Okay..." 
Alexander grabbed her hand. 
The two were jogging when a strong beam of light shone at them. 
Then, the headmaster strode over. 
He pointed at them and yelled, "Hey, you two! Yes, the two of you! Come here! "The two of you are still so young, but you're already being bad kids and trying to date like adults?" 
Alexander was stunned. 
"We're not..." 
"Not what? You're still holding hands, you know! What are your parents’ names? Get your parents here!!"
###Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008: Calling the Parents 
Cheryl said seriously, "Sir, we really aren't.The two of us are..." 
"Cheryl Smith! You're exactly the one I've been wanting to give a talking-to! You sleep during the class and play games after the class.We have already told you that cell phones are not allowed in school, yet you still bring it to class! And now a student with poor grades like you is even misbehaving and dating! You must get your parents here and let us have a good talk with them!" 
Cherry: "" 
Her big eyes blinked. 
But before she could speak, Alexander's voice turned cold. 
"What do you mean by a ‘student with poor grades'?" 
The headmaster was surprised. 
He looked at Alexander. 
The ten-year-old boy was already as tall as the teacher. 
His height made him look thin, and his delicate facial features exuded youthfulness. 
Alexander was well-known in school because he was simply too good-looking and even had excellent grades. 
Although nobody knew who his parents were, he had already become the school's beacon of hope. 
The headmaster frowned.
"Alexander, tell me, was it Cheryl who seduced you? You should keep your distance from students with poor grades like her! Or she would spread it to you!" 
Cheryl was also well-known in school because she was pretty, though her academic performance was average. 
Additionally, she could always find various ways to smuggle her cell phone into the school, even though the school conducted rigorous checks all the time! The girl was simply just so weird. 
He looked at the form that Cheryl had filled in—her brother was named Peter...He was a ten-year-old genius with a perfect score on the college entrance examination! His speculation was that Cheryl and Peter's parents were likely divorced, which was why the two children had different last names. 
He couldn't help but point at Cheryl, his finger almost jabbing into Cheryl's face as he said, "look at you. 
The two of you are obviously twins and even look pretty alike, but why is there such a huge difference between you and your brother? If you were even half as smart as your brother, you wouldn't be in this state as you are now!" 
Alexander couldn't bring himself to continue listening anymore. 
It was alright for him to say that his sister's grades were bad, but not others, especially if they were saying it so nastily. 
A wicked smile appeared on his face and he said, "Does having good grades immediately make you excellent by default? But I find Cheryl extremely outstanding too. 
At the very least, no one is her match when it comes to gaming. 
If it weren't for the age limit, she'd be the national champion by now"
"Ha, is playing games something to be proud of? National champion? Oh, come on... 
She's only ten years old; what kind of national champion can she be? The way I see it, she must have bewitched you so badly that you've lost your mind! To think you can even bring yourself to say such things!" 
The man said, "Alexander, I know you're definitely innocent.Don't let her lead you astray.Alright, you can go.Cheryl, come with me! ] must correct your ways properly today!" 
After speaking, he reached out to grab Cherry's arm. 
But the next moment, Alexander stood between him and Cherry and said, "No, it's fine.I think my ways also need some correction." 
Alexander folded his arms, his lip corners curling into a sneer. 
The look in his eyes was frosty and hostile, which made the headmaster panic.He took a step back. 
"What kind of look is that in your eyes? Alexander, are you thinking of being violent with me?" 
Alexander's voice turned even colder. 
"Don't get handsy with Cheryl." 
"You..." 
The man didn't have such intentions at all; the ten-year-old Cheryl was just a child in his eyes.He just wanted to grab her arm to prevent her from escaping, that was all... 
Alexander was well aware of this, of course.
Otherwise, he would have decked him long ago. 
Nevertheless, the headmaster was furious. 
"Fine, fine, being the hero and saving the damsel in distress, are you? Since you think I'm not good enough to teach you...get your parents here! I want to see them tomorrow!" 
After speaking, the teacher turned around and left huffily. 
After returning to the office, he thought about it and picked up the parent contact list. 
As Cheryl was a girl, he contacted Nora. 
"Hello, is this Cheryl's mom? ...Yes, I'm the headmaster at Cheryl's school.Please come to the school tomorrow afternoon." 
After hanging up the phone, he called Alexander's father. 
"...Yes, that's right.Three o'clock tomorrow!" 
Nora, who saw Justin receiving a call right after she ended hers with the headmaster: "?"
###Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009: Dating At An Early Age 
Nora said hesitantly: "Cherry must have had her cell phone confiscated for playing games again.What happened to Xander, though?" 
Although Cherry didn't take her studies seriously in school, she was very well-behaved. 
Moreover, she was good-looking and a sweet-talker, so even if the headmasters confiscated the cell phone, they would return it to her within just a couple of days. 
Over the years, the school had rarely ever called her parents because of disciplinary issues. 
As for Xander, he was pretty much the model student and had never had any incidents where the school had to call his parents! Justin was perplexed too. 
"...I'm free tomorrow anyway.Let's go and have a look." 
As the Hunts' children, the three children's information was confidential to outsiders and they also faked their identities in school. 
Moreover, the three kids all had different last names... 
Apart from Cherry and Pete who looked too alike to be entirely unrelated, nobody knew that Cherry and Xander were also siblings. 
Nobody knew that they were the Hunts’ children either. 
After all, for their safety, they had to be low-key about it! Furthermore, the three children were enrolled in a private school from the start anyway...
In order to make Cherry and Xander independent, the two of them even chose to move to the boarding school after fourth grade... 
Cherry was the one who requested this, of course. 
Needless to say, Nora knew that she did it because nobody would be able to stop her from using her cell phone once she moved to the school dorms. 
Little Cherry knew that it would be difficult to convince Nora, so she had pestered Justin to agree to the request instead. 
Mr.Slave-To-His-Daughter Justin would never turn down her requests, so he had signed the application form for moving into the school dorms. 
Nora had even lost her temper because of this. 
In the end, it was only when Xander also decided to move into the dorms to monitor her that Nora finally let the matter go. 
All three children were extremely outstanding. 
Pete did everything systematically and did not hide his capabilities—after all, he was going to take over a publicly-known company like the Hunt Corporation in the future. 
In that case, Pete's excellent capabilities must be clear to all. 
As for Xander...he was even smarter—after all, he had been injected with the gene serum. 
However, it was precisely because of this that Nora and Justin decided to have him progress through his education systematically. 
Xander was raised by Trueman, so his moral compass had become a bit misguided.
The two hoped that Xander could slowly correct this through contact with his peers, even if his current classes were way too simple for him... 
Besides, Xander was taking over the Imperial League in the future, so he would stand out less if he did everything systematically. 
After all, with people like Pete, one was enough to create a sensation in the country. 
Nora and Justin also chose different ways to educate the three children. 
The next day, the two arrived at the school together. 
As it was the headmaster who had asked for them to come, the two went to his office. 
The headmaster was a bit taken aback when he saw Nora. 
However, when he saw how lazy and half-asleep the woman looked, he frowned, though he refrained from saying anything nasty. 
After all, the woman looked like she wasn't one to be messed with. 
"Are you Cheryl's mom?" He asked. 
Nora nodded. 
The headmaster then looked at Justin. 
Justin's elite aura was impossible to conceal, even if he tried his darnedest to tone it down and make himself seem more approachable. 
With a smile, the headmaster said, "You must be Alexander's father? Here, please take a seat."
With confused looks, Nora and Justin sat on the sofa opposite the headmaster's desk and looked at him. 
Nora was reticent, so Justin asked, "Sir, did the two children do something wrong?" 
"Yes!" 
The headmaster became stern and said, "That's exactly why I asked the two of you to come! People who enroll their children in our private school are all rich and noble, so I understand that you would have higher expectations for your children! That is why I must let you know in advance if they make any mistakes, so that the problem can be nipped in the bud!" 
Justin frowned, his voice turning a little stern. 
"What did Alexander do? He must have instigated it!" 
After all, his daughter was so well-behaved. 
Now, Nora didn't like hearing that. 
She frowned and looked at Justin as she said, "Maybe it's Cheryl who did something wrong and implicated Alexander?" 
Nora didn't like how Justin pampered their daughter.He pretty much had no boundaries. 
Fortunately, the family still had her, the mother, around. 
If not, he would have neglected both their sons. 
Justin's voice immediately softened."...
There's that possibility too, but Cheryl definitely wouldn't do it on purpose. 
Since Alexander failed to protect her, the responsibility lies with him!" 
Nora: "..." 
The headmaster opposite them: "" 
The confused man lowered his head to check if he had invited the wrong people over. 
When conflicts arose among other children, their parents always took their own children's side unconditionally. 
Why was this pair of parents so strange? Had he invited Cheryl's father and Alexander's mother over instead of Cheryl's mother and Alexander's father? In the midst of his confusion, Nora slowly asked, "Sir, what exactly did the children do?" 
The headmaster looked up at once. 
With a frown, he replied, "They are dating at an early age!" 
Nora: "?" 
Justin: "?" 
The headmaster said righteously, "Children these days mature very quickly.By the time they turn ten, they already know what it means to have a crush on someone.There are quite a few couples in our school too...As parents, you should be strict with them! Nip it in the bud! And put an end to this!"
###Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010: My Daughter!! 
After saying that, the headmaster looked at the two of them, wanting to see their shocked expressions.Parents in these days were very strict with their children, especially those who could be sent to this school.Their families were not bad, but the two parents in front of the headmaster were different from the others.He saw that Cheryl's mother and Alexander's father had incredulous expressions. 
Then, Cheryl's mother raised her eyebrows. 
Alexander's father asked, "That's it?" 
The headmaster was speechless. 
What did he mean by that? Wasn't that enough? He was momentarily at a loss for words. 
Nora glanced at Justin and knew that he had confused the headmaster. 
Therefore, she added calmly, "Other than this, are there any other problems?" 
The headmaster was speechless.He shook his head. 
Nora instantly heaved a sigh of relief. 
"That's good." 
The headmaster couldn't think of anything to say. 
Why was the reaction of these two parents so strange? Did they not realize the seriousness of the matter? The headmaster continued, "Cheryl's mother, Alexander's father, do you think this is a child's game? No, they're 10 years old and already know how to date.There are other children in school who
might follow them at a young age.The children are too young.It's even worse for them to date at a young age.Especially since Cheryl doesn't study well.This will lead Alexander astray!" 
As soon as he finished speaking, Justin's expression darkened. 
"Who said that she's not good at her studies?" 
The headmaster: ? He looked at Justin in a daze and clearly felt Justin's anger.He did not understand... 
Why? Was he still protecting his son's girlfriend? Nora's expression turned colder. 
"Headmaster, if there's nothing else, then we'll get going." 
After saying this, she yawned.She really thought that something had happened to the two children, but in the end, it was just a misunderstanding. 
The headmaster was even angrier. 
"What's wrong with the two of you? Don't you believe me? I caught them myself.They were holding hands and running on the field!" 
Justin said, "So be it." 
They were only 10 years old... 
What was wrong with a brother pulling his sister to run? With a little thought, he realized that it must be Cherry wanting to slack off. 
Xander was just pulling her along! The headmaster was furious. 
"Alexander's father, you don't realize the seriousness of the matter.Cheryl is one of the worst students in the school.She barely makes it through day to day in school.It's obvious that she's not a good girl.If
Alexander is left with her for a long time, sooner or later, he'll be influenced by her! You..." 
Bang! Justin slapped the table. 
The director in front of him was belittling Cherry again and again.He could not help but say in a cold voice, "Who said Cheryl is not a good girl?!" 
His words made the headmaster choke.He looked at Justin coldly and saw a hand pressing on Justin's hand. 
That hand was very thin and white, with clearly defined knuckles. 
It was very beautiful. 
When that hand fell, the anger on Justin's face dissipated. 
The headmaster heaved a sigh of relief.He wiped his forehead and followed that hand to see Nora... 
The headmaster was stunned. 
What was going on? Wasn't the relationship between Cheryl's mother and Alexander's father...a little too ambiguous? As he was thinking, he heard Nora say slowly, "Don't hit anyone in this country." 
The headmaster: ? Don't hit anyone in this country? He could hit others overseas? While the headmaster was in a daze, he saw Justin take out his phone and make a Call.His voice was very fierce. 
"Can your school's headmaster be expelled?" 
The headmaster was instantly furious.
"What do you mean?" 
He knew that one capable of sending their children to study in this school must have high status, but most of the parents agreed with what he did. 
He said angrily, "Your son is dating in school and has broken the school rules.I'm talking to you, and you're still being unreasonable? What right do you have to expel me?" 
Justin sneered. 
"Because you so casually slandered my daughter." 
The headmaster blurted out, "When did I slander your daughter? I caught them myself.The school has it on video.This is all evidence.I..." 
At this point, he suddenly reacted. 
"...Your daughter?!"
###Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011: One Cannot Change The Circumstances of Their Birth, But They Can Change Their Destiny 
The headmaster was absolutely stunned.He looked at Justin in astonishment. 
"Aren't you Alexander's father? How can you possibly be Cheryl's..." 
It was at this point that something finally clicked.He looked at Nora and then at Justin in disbelief. 
With a cool and distant look on her face, Nora stood and said, "They are triplets." 
The headmaster: "!!!" 
Triplets!! He was utterly stunned. 
It wasn't until the principal heard of what had happened and hurried over that the headmaster finally recovered. 
He immediately shouted, "I, I didn't know they were triplets! One of them has the last name Smith while the other's is Yale!" 
Justin scoffed. 
"Oh, and the eldest among them has the last name Hunt." 
Alexander's personality was too weird, so Pete was the most reliable one instead. 
Therefore, even if everyone at home knew that Xander was the eldest, they still silently regarded Peter as the eldest. 
The headmaster: "!"
He shouted again, "E-even if that really is the case, this is a misunderstanding.How can you do this to me? I asked the two of you here for your children's own good..." 
Justin said sullenly, "How? Simply by how you spoke so rudely of my daughter time and time again..." 
Never mind if he had just said that his daughter had poor grades and would be a bad influence on Alexander... 
After all, he was a headmaster, so they had put up with it. 
But what had the headmaster said at the end? 
"It's obvious that she is no good girl..." 
When had the definition of a good girl become so narrow-minded? Was one worthless just because they had poor grades?! The headmaster wanted to say more, but the principal immediately reprimanded him. 
"If you still want to make a living in this industry, then shut up at once! Do you have any idea who you have offended?!" 
His hushed rebuke shut the headmaster up.He had finally understood—he had offended people whom he should not have! In the end, the headmaster was fired. 
Nora and Justin also took Cherry and Xander home. 
After all, they were only ten years old and were still too young to be living in school dorms. 
They had only allowed the two of them to live in the school dorms during the last few days for novelty's sake. 
Besides, Nora was not receptive to the idea from the start.
The two children went upstairs. 
Nora and Justin, however, looked at each other and then drove out of their residence. 
In the middle of the night. 
A nimble figure sneaked into an ordinary residential area. 
The man had a chilling aura around him. 
As he walked, someone suddenly stood in his path. 
As Nora stood there, she yawned and looked at the man in front of her. 
"What are you trying to do?" 
The man scoffed and raised his voice. 
"You are all good citizens who abide by the law.Leave it to me to take care of that scumbag headmaster!" 
He was Trueman! Trueman was an extreme man. 
Knowing that Xander and Cherry had been wronged, he would definitely show up to deal with the headmaster. 
Thus, Nora was waiting for him.She heaved a soft sigh. 
"His wrongdoings are not that serious that he has to die." 
She wasn't a saint; she just didn't want to take innocent lives. 
All the headmaster had done was say some nasty things.
What Justin did was already enough punishment. 
Trueman's eyes flashed fiercely. 
After a while, he finally sighed. 
"Fine." 
The two left the residential area and walked out. 
This was the first time Nora had met Trueman since they parted five years ago. 
The man's appearance had long since changed, but his temperament was still as heretical as ever. 
As he swaggered in front, Nora suddenly asked, "What have you been doing these past five years?" 
"Me?" 
Trueman scoffed and said, "I gathered a group of children and locked them in the basement, of course! Then I tortured them and made them call me Dad!" 
Nora glanced at him silently. 
To be honest, she and Justin both knew what Trueman had been doing. 
Otherwise, they wouldn't have known that he would show up here tonight... 
Trueman had certainly gathered a group of children...but they were all children abandoned by their parents, or were sick or physically disabled.He had set up an orphanage to raise them. 
Not only had lacked Trueman motherly love since he was born, but his father was also cruel.
This had led to his moral compass remaining misguided his whole life. 
The two reached the gates of the residential area. 
As they were about to go their separate ways, Trueman suddenly called out to Nora. 
When Nora looked back, she saw Trueman scratching his head. 
He said, "I have a question for you." 
"Speak." 
"There is a kid in my orphanage.His father is a murderer who has been executed.People around him don't like him.They call him names, call him the child of a murderer, and say that since his father had killed someone, he should die.What do you think I should do?" 
Trueman really was having a headache over this. 
His way of educating children had always been simple and crude, but when faced with that child who couldn't see the light, he didn't know what to say. 
When Nora heard this, she paused. 
Then, she looked at Trueman and said meaningfully, "One cannot change the circumstances of their birth, but they can change their destiny.Don't let your parents’ tragedy become yours." 
Leaving this sentence, Nora turned around and left.Trueman, however, was stunned in place.
###Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012: Why One Should Study 
Justin went home while Nora was waiting for Trueman.By the time she was done talking to Trueman and got back home, she found that Alexander had already gone to bed. 
When she was about to return to her bedroom, she noticed the lights on the balcony.She walked over to find Justin and Cherry conversing on the balcony. 
Cherry, who was now ten years old, was going through a growth spurt, so she was thin and skinny. 
However, her cheeks were round and plump with collagen, and her almond-shaped eyes were identical to Nora's. 
Together with her double eyelids, narrow at the inner tips and wide at the outer, she was so pretty and looked so delicate that it was as if she was not of this world. 
Plenty of directors and scouts from film and television companies had noticed her when they visited the school during the past few years. 
On many occasions, they had asked the teachers to contact her parents on their behalf in hopes of having her debut as a child actress. 
After all, given her good looks, she would undoubtedly gain immense popularity if she took on the role of the younger version of a female lead. 
However, both Nora and Justin had declined the offers after consulting her for her opinion. 
Their daughter's only interest was gaming; she didn't have much interest in anything else.
Cherry was currently wearing a set of white pajamas.She looked a little down as she sat on the furry rug with her head lowered. 
Justin stayed by her side quietly as his large hand gently stroked his daughter's hair. 
Nora didn't go over to disturb the pair. 
When she was about to return to the room to take a bath and rest for the night, she suddenly heard Cherry ask, "Am I really that lousy, Daddy?" 
Justin's voice turned cold at once. 
"Don't listen to that teacher's nonsense!" 
Justin was a reticent man, but whenever he spoke with Cherry, he would be more patient than usual.He looked at Cherry quietly and said, "Grades are not the only criterion to assess a person.Besides, you are not incapable of studying; you just don't want to." 
Cherry sighed. 
Justin kept quiet for a moment before he suddenly asked, "Cherry, can you tell me why you don't want to study?" 
"It's boring." 
Cherry looked up. 
Her big, clearly-defined eyes were fixed on Justin as she added, "I don't know what the purpose of studying is, that's all." 
Justin was taken aback.
Cherry said, "I play games to win and to lead the team to victory, but what about studying? What do I do it for? 
"Daddy, some people study hard because they want to make a lot of money when they grow up; some people do it because they want to be government officials; some people do it because they want to become astronauts; and some people do it because they want to become doctors.But...I don't know what I want to do." 
She sounded lost as she said, "Apart from games, I haven't found anything that interests me.I asked my classmates about it too—some of them want to make lots and lots of money so that they can spend extravagantly and buy whatever they want.But if it is for the sake of making money, then not only is Daddy already so rich, but Grandaunt Queenie's assets will also be mine in the future. 
I'm already so rich that I can't even spend all that money my whole life.Why should I still work hard to make money? 
"Pete's goal is to turn the Hunt Corporation into a business empire.Money is no more than numbers to him; what he enjoys is the process.Xander wants to become a doctor and find a way to replace a person's head with another, so he also needs vast amounts of knowledge to realize his goal.But I'm different! I just want to play games for now, and I can still do that even if I don't study! So, why should I study? Am I supposed to do it just so others pay me a few compliments?" 
Justin fell silent when he heard her. 
Cherry turned to look at him and waited quietly for his answer.
###Chapter 1013
Chapter 1013: Be Confident, Be Fearless, Be Humble, and Live With No Regrets (End of Main Story) 
Justin stroked Cherry's hair and slowly answered, "Cherry, while your mom and I—and even your brothers —will never leave you to fend for yourself in the future, I hope you can have the ability to solve your problems with your own strength." 
Cherry was stunned.It was a rare occasion when Justin smiled. 
He said to Cherry, "What you guys are learning now may not be useful in the future—you may not even use some of these things your whole life—but they form a foundation of knowledge. 
"You may be interested in gaming now, but it's impossible that you'll only play games all your life.I don't want you to end up as someone who can only look on helplessly when you develop an interest in other things in the future, unable to do anything due to a lack of foundation. 
"Cherry, you still have a long life ahead of you.All the hard work you put in today will build your confidence in the future." Justin looked at Cheryl after he spoke. 
His daughter's features were young, but she looked thoughtful when she heard his words. 
Justin stood up quietly and gave her time and space to think. 
As soon as he turned around, he spotted Nora who was standing nearby. 
He raised his eyebrows and smiled slightly, the beauty mark at the corner of his eye shimmering a little. 
Then, he strode over.The two went back to the bedroom together. 
After taking a bath, Justin came out to see Nora sitting on the sofa and looking out the window. 
He strode over and asked, "Penny for your thoughts?"
Nora replied, "I received a phone call yesterday from a reporter who wants to interview us." 
When Pete enrolled at the top university in the United States with a perfect score on his college entrance examination at ten years old, countless reporters wanted to interview his parents. 
However, they were all rejected. 
Various schools even invited them to give speeches, but they had turned down all the invitations. 
However, Nora suddenly felt like accepting one of the interviews now. 
Justin didn't ask her why.He only smiled and said, "Okay, I'll make the arrangements." 
As he spoke, his misbehaving hand reached into her collar... 
Nora wanted to sleep, but when she thought of how he had advised their daughter so patiently just now, she ultimately did not refuse him... 
The next day, Cherry got up bright and early and had breakfast with Xander. 
Only a night had passed, but Xander could already sense that there seemed to be something different about his sister—it felt like she had figured out something. 
At the dining table, as Mrs.Hunt looked at Cherry, she couldn't help but say, "The school called up your parents and summoned them to the office yesterday, right? Well, Pete has never had teachers summon his parents to the school..." 
Mrs.Hunt was just being naggy and mouthing off. 
Now that she had gotten on in years, there was simply no way of correcting this bad habit of hers anymore.
Everyone at home also let her be. 
Cherry looked up. 
"I've decided to study hard.I won't be any less brilliant than Pete in the future!" 
Her words took Mrs.Hunt by surprise. 
A moment later, she couldn't help but scoff and say, "You're already ten.It's too late even if you start studying hard now.No matter how hard you work, you will never surpass Pete!" 
Xander couldn't help but say, "Don't rush, Cherry." 
He was planning to tell Pete to slow down a little and wait for their sister. 
But as soon as the thought formed, Cherry said, "I'm only ten years old.And even if I'm twenty or thirty, as long as I study hard, it's never too late." 
She stuffed the rest of her sandwich into her mouth after she spoke and then looked at Mrs.Hunt with her big, clearly-defined eyes. 
"Let's wait and see, Great- Grandma!" 
She would definitely blow everyone away! Mrs.Hunt curled her lips disdainfully. 
"Sure, we'll wait and see!" 
Xander said from the side, "Waiting and seeing isn't much of a bet, Great-Grandma.Why don't we make a bet instead?" 
"What kind of bet?"
"We'll bet on the next exam.If Cherry can get into the top ten, you must admit that you were wrong and apologize to her! How does that sound?" 
Mrs.Hunt was about to reply when Xander grinned and taunted, "Great-Grandma, you can't possibly be afraid, right?" 
No way! Mrs.Hunt sneered and replied, "It's a deal! But if she doesn't get into the top ten in the exam, then she must learn the right ways from me and become a proper lady as per my requirements." 
Cherry nodded. 
Her voice was clear and crisp as she replied, "No problem!" 
After the two little ones left, Mrs.Hunt said to the housekeeper beside her, "Cherry has really been spoiled rotten.She doesn't carry herself like the young lady of a noble family at all and even plays games all day...She has no talent for learning.All I expect now is for her to behave herself when she grows up and then marry her off somewhere!" 
Elsewhere, the reporter that Justin had arranged a meeting with arrived at a cafe and met up with Nora and Justin. 
The reporter's eyes widened in surprise when she saw them, and she exclaimed, "You two are so young! I would totally believe you even if you told me that you guys were still in college!" 
The interview then started. 
Nora wasn't a chatty person, but Justin was willing to supplement information for her. 
The interview started with questions about Peter's study habits, of course. 
Justin answered all of them in detail.
In the middle of the interview, the reporter asked, "I heard that he is majoring in business management.Are you thinking of having him build a business empire in the future?" 
The reporter was vaguely aware of the couple's identities, but she would never include such details in the article, of course. 
Justin fell quiet for a while. 
Then, he glanced at Nora and slowly answered with a smile, "No, a child's future should not be defined by their parents." 
The reporter looked at Nora. 
"Do you think the same way, Mrs.Hunt?" 
Nora nodded. 
The reporter smiled. 
As she looked at Nora, she said, "To round off the interview, I hope you can say something to all the children out there, Mrs.Hunt." 
Justin looked at Nora. 
Knowing that his wife was a quiet woman, he was about to take over the question when he saw Nora straighten her back and sit upright. 
With a firm look in her eyes, she slowly said, "Be confident, be fearless, be humble, and live with no regrets." 
Stunned, Justin looked at her with a scorching look in his eyes.She had never felt sorry for herself because she didn't have a mother and was neglected by her stepmother and stepfather.She had never
backed down from fear of the unknown and forged ahead bravely even in the face of difficulties.She had never been arrogant and conceited because of her achievements in whichever field she studied. 
And she regretted nothing from the past, lived up to the present, and never feared the future.She was Nora Smith, his wife. 
Sensing Justin's scorching gaze, Nora turned to look at him. 
As the two exchanged a smile, a thought flashed through their minds at the same time: "There is nothing more I can ask for after having the fortune of meeting her at the pinnacle." 
"with him by my side for the rest of my life, I can live my life with no regrets."
###Chapter 1014
Chapter 1014: C, the God of Gaming (1) 
Ten years later. 
The plane drew a long trail across the sky. 
At the San Francisco International Airport. 
Cheryl slowly walked out of the airport with an extra- large 32-inch pink suitcase. 
The sixteen-year-old girl had pretty and delicate facial features and did not have any makeup on her flawless and tender skin. 
Her hair was up in a half-bun, and she wore a white dress cinched at the waist. 
She looked just like a fairy, causing people all around to look at her.There were even people who thought that she must be a celebrity of some sort. 
Chery was already accustomed to the way people looked at her.She was simply too good-looking.She and her brothers were always the center of attention wherever they went. 
There was nothing they could do about it. 
She let out a quiet sigh and then picked up her cell phone to see that there were already a few messages in the family group chat. 
Justin: ‘Are you there yet?’ Peter: 'She should have gotten off the plane by now, I think?’ Alexander: ‘She isn't there yet? But I just called the airport, and they said that she has definitely arrived" 
Justin: ‘@Cheryl, reply once you've reached.
Cheryl: "..." 
The corners of her lips spasmed, and she let out another silent sigh. 
Yet she also inexplicably felt like she had just flown out of a cage. 
She was simply so excited! At last, she could finally escape her three fathers’ control. 
The way her two brothers cared for her practically made them her fathers. 
Only her mom was slightly more normal among everyone in the family. 
For example... 
Now that she had grown up, she wanted to play in an e-sports tournament and fulfill her childhood dream, however, just convincing her brothers and her father alone had taken so much work! In the end, her mom had to step in. 
With just a single sentence, she allowed her to escape from the hellish scene and shut her brothers and father up. 
She sighed quietly and replied: 'l have reached.I'm busy, so let's talk in the evening instead.Leave me alone!!!" 
It was only after she sent the five exclamation points in a row that she finally stopped the three men who wanted to call her. 
After putting down the phone, she looked at the pick- up area ahead of her. 
That's right. 
She had found a team she had high hopes for and decided to join them.
The team had been sending her private messages in the game for many years, but she had been too young then. 
Her father had stated that she could only go on trips by herself after she turned sixteen, so she had declined all their invitations in the past. 
She looked at the area in front and finally spotted two boys looking at her holding a placard. 
Written on the placard was her in-game alias—God C. 
She had already given up her sweetcherry account a long time ago because she found the name too childish now that she was all grown up.Thus, she took the first letter from "cherry" as her new in-game name. 
Her in-game name was C, but everyone called her God C. 
Cheryl walked toward the pair. 
As soon as she went near, she heard them discussing something in low voices. 
"Who on earth is God C? She's so mysterious.There has been a lot of speculation over the years that she's not a girl but a guy instead!" 
When one registered for an account in the game, they had to state their gender, and Cheryl had picked "Female", of course. 
Therefore, outsiders knew that C was female. 
It was just a pity that nobody believed it as they felt that it was impossible for girls to achieve such results in the game.
The other person replied, "I don't know, man.God C only joined after our gunner retired...I heard that the coaching team had contacted her long ago, but she rejected them." 
"Everybody says that God C has never shown her face all these years because she isn't good- looking...Actually, I think she is a guy, but still, the coaching team was too hasty! Our life as e-sports competitors basically ends at 25 years old.Once we pass the age of 25, our reaction time and muscle movement will slow down...But God C had already dominated the game seven to eight years ago.Even if she was 16 years old seven to eight years ago, she would still be 25 now! Is she really up to the task?" 
"Yeah...Captain threw a fit in the club because of this too, sigh!" 
"Is our club out of money? Going by our boss—Chester Hunt's—personality, that shouldn't be the case, though.How nice would it be if he just head-hunted an expert player from abroad at a high price instead?" 
Yup, the club that Cheryl was joining was founded by Chester, her uncle. 
Cheryl stood in front of the pair. 
However, the pair was in a hurry to find God C, so one of them took out his cell phone and said, "I'll give God C a call.I have her number!" 
After he spoke, he dialed Cheryl's number. 
###Chapter 1016
Chapter 1016: C, the God of Gaming (3) 
Everyone looked at Cheryl in astonishment and complete disbelief. 
Zac also frowned. 
However, he was more composed, so his reaction wasn't too dramatic. 
The other members of the club, however, went into a huge furor after a moment of silence. 
"No way!" 
How could God C possibly be a young girl in her teens like her? Everyone started talking. 
"Hey, stop joking around!" 
"Yeah, I know everyone is down because we lost the last championship, but come on, don't joke around with us like this!" 
"Although the sight of a pretty girl makes me very happy, we're all still waiting for God C to carry us, you know..." 
Everyone piped up one by one, none of them believing that the girl was God C, no matter what. 
This was very understandable. 
C was already dominating the game ten years ago, but how young had Cheryl been back then? Nobody would ever think that Cheryl was C. 
Cheryl had long since become desensitized to such situations.
Without hesitation, she took out her cell phone, started up the game app, and logged into her account in front of them. 
Everyone: "!!" 
Zac frowned, "Are you really C?" 
"Uh-huh" 
Even the way Cheryl spoke was soft and cutesy, making her look like a child. 
Zac frowned and asked, "Kid, you don't look like you're of age yet, do you?" 
Cheryl replied seriously, "How can that be?" 
Zac heaved a sigh of relief. 
He knew it. 
Why would the club get a minor to compete in professional e-sports tournaments, right? However, the next moment, Cheryl added, "I'm only 15! 1 still have a long way to go before I turn 18!" 
Zac; "!!!" 
Cheryl certainly looked very young. 
If it wasn't for her height, with her young and adorable facial features, she could even pass off as a 10- year-old... 
Zac had thought that she merely looked young. 
After all, in this day and age, it was nearly impossible to tell someone's age once they put on make-up.
He had thought that she was just pretending to be young and was at least in her twenties, but to his surprise, the kid was only fifteen? The corners of his lips spasmed. 
At this point, someone from the coaching team hurried over. 
He extended his hand to Cheryl respectfully and said, "Hello, God C! Welcome to the club! Why don't we go in first? What are you doing standing outside?" 
Cheryl hesitated and glanced at Villa No.9... 
The club consisted only of boys, so her uncle had already assigned her Villa No.9 before her arrival.She only needed to walk a short distance over to report for duty every day. 
However, everyone was so enthusiastic that she ended up being ushered into the clubhouse. 
As soon as she entered, the head coach said, "God C, we took into consideration that you're a girl, so we have connected two rooms into one upstairs and renovated it for you.Would you like to go up and have a look?" 
Cheryl: “..." 
Before she could move, her teammates picked up the pink suitcase for her and went upstairs. 
Cheryl could only follow after them...She thought about it seriously and decided that she would just stay in this villa for the next few days.She would bring up the topic of moving out after she became familiar with her teammates. 
Thus, she followed her teammates up the stairs. 
Lionel, a mid lane mage, was a young lively boy who looked like he was about 20 years old.He smiled and said, "Look! Isn't your room big? We specially prepared this for girls.Even your room at home isn't
as big as this, right?" 
The two rooms had been connected into one, making the room look about 50 to 60 square meters big. 
For ordinary people, it was indeed considered sufficiently big. 
But when Cheryl thought of her suite in the New York villa...She gave him a polite smile. 
Zac smacked Lionel on the head. 
Zac could also be considered a rich heir, and his family was also well-known in San Francisco. 
He could tell that even though the girl was even- tempered and easy to get along with, her every move carried an air of extravagance. 
She was not a child raised in an ordinary family. 
Judging simply from how delicate she looked...Her entire self gave off an air of extravagance that only money could nurture. 
"Do you want us to help you clean up?" Zac asked. 
Cheryl was about to reply when her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She smiled apologetically at the coach and her teammates and said, "Sorry, I have to take a call." 
Then, she answered the phone call. 
"Hello, sir..." 
She turned and walked out of the room. 
After closing the door, Cheryl looked at the phone and asked, "Is something the matter?"
"It's..." 
Her high school homeroom teacher's voice came from the opposite end. 
"It’s about your college admission again.Another few schools have called and offered various attractive conditions in hopes that you would enroll in the schools.You..." 
Cheryl sighed. 
"Sir, I've already taken the college entrance examination this year." 
That's right.Cheryl had also skipped grades.Ever since she made a bet with her great- grandmother, she had started to study hard. 
Although she started late, her IQ was high enough, so she completed all the courses in five years and took the college entrance examination that summer. 
Of course, she had still played a lot of games during the past five years. 
Now that she was done with the college entrance examination, she had finally come to the club to compete as a professional e-sports player... 
The teacher nodded. 
"I know you have already taken the college entrance examination, but the schools have been urging me for an answer...Those are the top universities in the US, yet you refused recommendations and insisted on taking the college entrance examination...Never mind.Are you really going to wait for the scores to be released?" 
"Yeah." Cheryl smiled. 
She had confidence in herself.
"Okay." 
The teacher also had confidence in her. 
Nevertheless, he said, "I heard that you're going to compete professionally.Don't forget to train every day!" 
"Got it.After hanging up, Cheryl opened the door again and walked back in, where she saw the whole group looking at her. 
After hesitating for a while, Zac said, "Kid, you must be taking your high school entrance examinations this year, right? I still think you are too young.You should at least finish high school before you decide what to do for the rest of your life..." 
"Yeah!" 
The others nodded repeatedly. 
"Zac was a Harvard student.Back then, he took his college entrance examination and enrolled in the university.It was only after he made it into the team that he dropped out and became a professional player!" 
"Although we aren't good at our studies, you should still study hard...By the way, did your teacher call you just now because the high school entrance exam results are out? Which high school did you get into? You're a New Yorker, right? Zac lived in New York City for a while too! Do you want him to help you find a school or something..." 
Cheryl: ""
###Chapter 1017
Chapter 1017: C, the God of Gaming (4) 
She blinked, then replied, "Trinity School." 
"Wow! Zac was also from Trinity School. 
This means that you two are about to become alumni of the same school!" 
The rest echoed. 
In order to leave a good impression of himself on Cheryl, Lionel sang Zac's praises. 
"Do you know? Zac almost topped the college entrance examination in your school, but there was a mutant in your school that year who got a perfect score on the exam...But this doesn't matter; what matters is that Zac legitimately enrolled in Harvard through the college entrance examination.If you stay here and ever need help with your studies, you can just approach him!" 
Lionel patted his chest and added, "Zac almost got a perfect score in Mathematics in the college entrance examination, you know! He's unbelievable! God C, do you want to know how to get an almost perfect score in Mathematics? If you do, you can ask the captain to explain it to you!" 
Cheryl: "?" 
She was stunned for a moment. 
After thinking briefly, she answered seriously, "Is it by solving one fewer multiple-choice question?" 
Everyone: "?" 
Lionel: ""
What did she mean by solving one fewer question?! What he'd meant to express was that it was impressive how Zac had achieved a near-perfect score in mathematics, but why was God C's response making it seem like she was a star student? The corners of Zac's lips spasmed. 
Suddenly, he found the kid in front of him pretty cute. 
Still, he hesitated for a moment before he looked at the coach. 
"When our team was recruiting, we had stated that candidates must be at least high school graduates.Never mind that she's a minor; after all, there are players who started playing professionally when they were only 16.Is she going to be a pro player when she hasn't even finished high school, though?" 
He broke into a frown and his tone turned serious, completely forgetting that the cute Cheryl in front of him was God C. 
"This is not right," he said. 
"How so?" 
The coach said, "She has already graduated high school! She even took the college entrance examination this year!" 
In recent years, the game industry had been growing more and more rapidly. 
Many teenagers addicted to the Internet wanted to become professional e-sports players, resulting in many children neglecting their studies and getting preoccupied with thoughts of dropping out of school to play games. 
Thus, there was now a new rule in the professional league—one must finish at least high school or vocational school before they could pursue a career as a professional e-sports player.
This rule was passed for the good of the children. 
Lionel was stunned. 
"How can that be? She's only fifteen! Yet she has already taken the college entrance examination?" Cheryl nodded. 
Lionel found it a little incredulous. 
"You skipped a grade? Why?" 
She had definitely skipped a grade. 
Cheryl replied, "So that I could play games!" 
Her parents had requested that she pass the college entrance examination before she started her career as a professional e-sports player, so Cheryl had to study as quickly as possible! If it wasn't for the fact that her brother was too demanding and insisted that she get a full score on the exam before she could skip a grade, she could even have taken the college entrance examination a year earlier! Lionel suddenly understood something... 
There were cases like this in the professional league too. 
Some children had gaming talent, and ages between 16 to 22 were optimal for one to play professionally. 
To avoid letting those few years go to waste, parents of the really talented children would help them skip grades and graduate from high school as soon as possible so that they could compete. 
A kid who joined the league this year had mediocre grades, yet he kept skipping grades in order to play professionally.
After graduating from high school this year, he finally became an official player! Thus, Lionel thought that Cheryl's case was a similar one... 
He smiled and changed the subject. 
"Does this mean you're not going to university?" 
Chery] shook her head again. 
"No, my parents requested that I go to university, but they have agreed to let me take a year off from school this year’ "Well, that's true.Aside from Zac, going to university would only be a boring affair for the rest of us.You're probably only eligible for a third-rate university like me, right?" 
".That shouldn't be the case" replied Cheryl. 
"You mean it may be worse?" Lionel frowned. 
He wanted to say something, but he suddenly realized that he was speaking to a delicate young girl, so he shouldn't rub salt into her wound. 
Therefore, before Cheryl could explain, he changed the topic and said, "Alright, let's not talk about this anymore. 
Let's instead talk about what to do now.I see that you don't have much luggage with you. 
Shall I take you to the supermarket to get the things you need? Oh, by the way, there are only premium supermarkets nearby..." 
After speaking, Lionel looked at Cheryl. 
The teen girl looked dainty, but she dressed simply, and none of the clothes she wore had brand names on them.
Lionel had only decided to pursue a career in e- sports because his financial situation at home was not good. 
Over the past two years, he had earned more than a million dollars in wages and bonuses in the club each year, so one could say that he was now exposed to various luxury brands. 
Since there weren't brand names on the teen's clothes, this meant that her clothes must be from fast fashion brands... 
With that in mind, Lionel thought of how he had only thirty bucks on him when he first came to the club back then.He had gone to the supermarket for daily necessities, but after entering the premium supermarket, he accidentally spent $300 just shopping casually inside.He had been dumbfounded at the time. 
Why was a towel $15 when they were sold for two or three bucks back in his hometown?! He couldn't pay at all! It was Zac who noticed his embarrassing situation and then footed the bill for him... 
After recalling his own situation, Lionel looked at Cheryl even more kindly and said, "Come on, let's go, God C! I'll take you shopping.I have a membership card, so leave tonight's bill to me!" 
"I can do it too!" 
"Me, I can do it! I have money!" 
Two other teammates also scrambled to pay. 
Zac looked at them, the corners of his lips spasming.He said, "You can ask the coaching team for an advance on your first month's salary" 
...
That isn't necessary at all, thought Cheryl.She touched the black card in her pocket and said quietly, "Um...I can pay for myself” 
"How much can you possibly have?" 
Lionel beckoned to her and said, "Come on, I'll drive you there." 
Cheryl originally wanted to refuse, but when she heard the word "drive", she let out a quiet sigh.She wasn't old enough to even get a driver's license yet... 
Even though she could clearly drive and even ride a motorcycle... 
Cheryl could only follow Lionel out the door. 
There was nothing in the room, so she did have to buy things like shampoo, shower gel, etc. 
After Cheryl left, Zac suddenly picked up his cell phone and sent a text message to his former homeroom teacher: ‘Hey, are you there? Can I ask you about a student?’ He wanted to know what Cheryl's grades were like so that he could decide if she needed his help in finding a good school after the college entrance examination. 
After all, his family did have some status. 
Lionel's college entrance examination results had been mediocre back then.It was his family that had helped him enroll in an acceptable university. 
Otherwise, he would not have even been able to enroll in one. 
As captain, Zac showed his teammates a lot of concern. 
If there was anything he could help with, he definitely would.
He was much more reliable than their boss, Chester. 
After he sent the message, his homeroom teacher replied: ‘Who are you asking about?’ Zac: ‘Do you know Cheryl Smith?’ His teacher: ‘Of course! She's famous"
###Chapter 1018
Chapter 1018: C, the God of Gaming (5) 
Famous? Zac was a bit taken aback as he stared at the reply. 
He asked: "What's going on?’ However, his homeroom teacher left him on a cliffhanger: ‘Wanna guess?’ Zac: "..." 
Guess? What for?! He sent another message to the teacher: 'I'll bring you a couple of bottles of good wine when I go to New York for a competition during summer vacation” 
Only then did his teacher laugh and reply: ‘Cheryl skipped two grades in a row, jumping directly from freshman year to senior year in high school.I heard she did it so that she could take part in a professional competition for the same game you're playing. 
Oh, by the way, she is also a star athlete.She was specially head-hunted by the school. 
A star athlete? Zac thought of Cheryl's docile and soft appearance. 
She probably wasn't a student specializing in track and field, was she? His attention was successfully diverted, and he asked: ‘In arts?" 
His teacher: ‘No, shooting: Zac: "..." 
He thought of how thin and frail she looked, yet she had enrolled in her high school as a shooting sports specialist. 
In addition, there was a charming contrast when he thought of a cute girl like her holding a gun. 
The teacher sent another message: ‘She stopped practicing during the last few years, though.But with the awards she has won, she won't have any problems enrolling in university.."
Zac suddenly realized what was going on.So, that was what Cheryl was doing. 
As an important sport and even a competitive segment in the Olympics, shooting had indeed become very popular in recent years. 
If her family's financial situation was good enough and they had exposed her to the sport since she was a child, this was indeed a viable option for her. 
By now, he was already under the impression that Cheryl had poor grades and could only get into university by being a specialized student. 
Thus, he stopped asking about her grades. 
Instead, he asked: ‘She won't have problems enrolling in university?’ His teacher: ‘Of course not.She's very talented in shooting..." 
Cheryl was so sought after by various schools precisely because she was a hot favorite for marksmanship champion in the next Olympics. 
Of course, his homeroom teacher didn't dare to say this out loud, so he could only hint at it vaguely. 
After all, Cheryl was so young. 
If they put so much pressure on her, she might not be able to perform at her usual standard... 
Therefore, the coaches of the national team never let teachers show off to outsiders. 
She was the national team's hidden trump card for the next Olympics. 
Zac understood now. 
He asked: 'I see.By the way, which university did she choose in the end?’ 
His teacher: ‘She hasn't picked one so far.The college entrance examination scores aren't out yet.Academic scores were taken into consideration for specialized students too.As a result, Zac felt that the teacher must have been exaggerating when he said that she had a lot of talent.If she was really that talented, why would she still need to take part in the college entrance examination? Schools would just find a way to directly recruit her... 
Zac felt that he now had a better understanding of Cheryl. 
Her family's financial situation was not bad and her grades were average. 
However, because her family was rich, they groomed her interest in shooting, where she then used her talent to enroll in a top high school and eventually university. 
C had been playing games since she was five, and she had spent a lot of time playing games over the years, so her forte was still gaming. 
Zac, who seemed to have realized something, ended his chat with his homeroom teacher. 
However, the head coach of the team walked in with a sullen look on his face. 
"This is too much!" 
Zac was surprised. 
"What's wrong?" 
The head coach picked up his cell phone and handed it to Zac. 
Only then did he realize that their team was being roasted on social media.
Only Cheryl's back was pictured, but someone had taken a photo of Cheryl, Lionel, and the others shopping at the supermarket, as well as of her entering the club. 
The paparazzi must have taken the photos. 
However, as soon as the photos were released, all hell broke loose. 
Team HS had failed to win the championship this year and came in second place because their gunner had injured his hand during the last season. 
This had angered the fans. 
In the beginning, everyone was just sad, but because of these photos, the fans now behaved as though they had caught on to something and started roasting the team. 
‘No wonder they lost the game! Their minds are no longer on the game after they made some money, right? Are they just having fun with girls now?’ 
‘Us fans can't even go to a sacred place like the club, yet they brought a girl in? Has HS given up on themselves after losing the competition once?’ 
‘The whole team was performing below expectations in the competition.Their success has obviously gotten into their heads! ‘Hah, they still haven't officially announced their new gunner.Has the club given up on recruiting? Has everyone given up?’ 
‘If you have given up, then please let your fans know, lest we continue to foolishly wait for the champions to return!’ Their comments were extremely unpleasant and unbearable. 
After losing a game, even dating would be seen as a sin.This was the reality that professional players had to face.
Seeing this, Zac's expression darkened. 
"Get rid of it, lest the kid sees such a disgusting thing and has her mood ruined when she has only just joined." The head coach sighed. 
"I'll go clarify the matter, then."
###Chapter 1019
Chapter 1019: C, the God of Gaming [6] 
The head coach quickly logged in to the club's Facebook account and posted a clarification notice. 
Club HS E-Sports: 'We believe that our players have the freedom to engage in romantic relationships, but we would still like to clarify that Lionel is currently not in one; the young lady is a new member of our club. 
As for who she is, we're keeping it a secret for now. 
Players easily became targets in e-sports competitions. 
C was an expert gunner who could be said to be among the top tier of players in the league. 
Because of this, there were many who liked to study her habits and play style. 
This made it easy for her to become a target for other teams. 
Though she would reveal her presence in competitions sooner or later, having their competitors study her play style after the start of the competition was still preferable to revealing her identity at this point and giving them sufficient time to target her. 
They would just keep it a secret for as long as they could. 
It would be ideal if they could keep it a secret until the first round of the competition so that they could catch the opponents by surprise. 
This was what everyone in the club had agreed upon previously. 
As soon as the coach posted the notice, the fans calmed down.
To be honest, the fans were just expecting better from Club HS, that was all. 
They were the champions every year, yet they had come in second place this year. 
The retirement of the top gunner in the league due to injury had led to everyone paying special attention to Club HS. 
They were afraid that the club would not fare well in the future. 
Therefore, now that the club had cleared the air, the issue was resolved. 
Nevertheless, when some looked at Cheryl's side profile in the photo, they couldn't help but raise a few questions. 
‘Is the new gunner a girl? Isn't she the first female professional player in the league?’ 
‘What's wrong with female players? Can't we girls take part in the competition? What a joke! What age are we in now? Are there still people discriminating against girls?’ 
‘Men have better reflexes in e-sports than women, right? Besides, the people who make it to the pinnacle of various industries all seem to be men. 
‘LMAOing at the guy above.Here, let me tell you a story: the most famous surgeon in the world is a woman. 
‘Here's another piece of trivia: Yanci, the top car racer in the world, is also a woman. 
‘Chiming in to add that Q, the most well-known hacker in the world, is also a woman, After receiving a crash course from the rest, the person who had raised the question in the beginning immediately wussed out.
‘I'm not discriminating against her.I'm welcoming her...In any case, the godly Zac is so strong that he can carry anyone anyway!’ 
"Yes, I welcome female players!’ 
The comments were relatively peaceful. 
After all, women had successfully achieved high positions in various industries over the years. 
Though there were few female competitive e-sports players, they did exist. 
The head coach looked at the rest of the staff with a smile and said, "It's fortunate that women have made it into the ranks of top performers in every industry over the years, so there aren't many who question their abilities anymore when they become professional players." 
However, among these comments was a question: ‘Judging from her side-profile, she seems very young, though? Is she an elementary school student?’ The coach immediately replied to the message: "Don't worry, our new member just took her college entrance examination this year.She reported for duty right after that” 
‘Then it's fine: The problem was resolved easily and smoothly.All the dissent online seemed to have disappeared, and not many had raised doubts about girls participating in e-sports. 
Even though the coach knew that there wouldn't be that much opposition in the first place, wasn't this going a little too smoothly? Little did he know... 
In New York, Alexander stretched lazily and said, "Tsk, tsk.Trending on social media when she has only just reached the club.As expected, Cherry can't manage without her big brother!" 
As he spoke, Peter, who was sitting opposite him, slowly looked up.
Differences were already starting to show in fifteen- year-old Peter and Cheryl's looks. 
Cheryl still looked cute and adorable, but there was an additional sense of toughness in the same facial features on Peter. 
In addition, Peter had trained in martial arts frequently over the years, so his features were more defined, and he didn't have any baby fat. 
He looked absolutely dashing.He slowly said, "You mean big brothers." 
"..Fine," said Alexander. 
He pulled his hand from the keyboard and said, "Write a program and keep an eye on the Internet.If anyone says things like ‘girls can't be professional e- sports players’ again, ban their accounts! Also, Cherry's side profile is more than enough on the Internet; all full-frontal photos must be deleted. 
Don't go too soft on them. 
I have something on, so I'll go for now. 
The incident was resolved quietly. 
When Cheryl returned to the club after she was done shopping for daily necessities, she didn’t yet know that she had trended on social media. 
Her teammates enthusiastically escorted her to the room and even helped her clean it up. 
When the head coach came over, he immediately saw Cheryl seated on the sofa while the rest of the team was busy with chores. 
The corners of his lips spasmed.
Generally, whenever there was fresh blood in the team, everyone treated them with mild skepticism. 
Moreover, they were all still young and hot-blooded. 
The head coach had been worried that they would get into a dispute with the new member. 
But from how things looked...It seemed despite having only been here for two hours, Cheryl had already become the club favorite! However...the head coach looked at Cheryl. 
The teen girl sat quietly on the sofa as she munched on a potato chip she was holding between her fair fingers. 
Her little mouth was moving constantly, making her look cute and well-behaved, like a little squirrel. 
Even he didn't dare to raise his voice at her! So, it was only natural that she would end up as the club favorite, right? While the head coach was musing, a staff member suddenly came over. 
The man looked serious as he said, "Coach, Club JQ is so shameless!" 
Surprised, the head coach asked, "What happened?" 
"Take a look at this!" 
The staff member took out his cell phone, opened up Facebook, and handed it to the coach. 
Only then did the head coach realize that Club JQ, their archrival, had officially announced a new member in their team this year! Team JQ had also welcomed a new player this year, and everyone had been guessing who it might be... 
However, they had just made an official announcement, and the new member was also a well-known player in the game—the female live- streamer, Jimy.
A female player! Well, that was some pretty hot news. 
The problem, though, was that Team JQ had made a special mention of Jimy’s education when they introduced her because she was a rarc onc with relatively high academic. 
qualifications among the group! She was an undergraduate at a prestigious university! After the news went public, fans of Team JQ took the opportunity to create the image of a highly-educated intellectual for her... 
They were clearly facing off with Club IIS by doing this! Fans of Team JQ were even starting to antagonize them on the Internet. 
They outright at-mentioned Club HS' official account and asked, "How high can your new member score in the college entrance examination?" 
The head coach: "!!!" 
This was ane sports competition!! What was the point of obsessing over the players’ college entrance examination results?! What a ridiculous way of antagonizing them! Had they get their win go to their heads after becoming the champions just once? They had practically come all the way to their doorstep to bully them now! Yet... 
He glanced at Cheryl. 
Sensing that he was looking at her, Chery! looked up, whereupon she saw the head coach smile kindly at her as he said, "It's okay. 
College entrance examination scores aren't everything. 
We don't look at.
one's college entrance examination results in this industry." 
Cheryl: ""
###Chapter 1020
Chapter 1020: C, the God of Gaming [7] 
Cheryl picked up another potato chip, took a bite, and then looked at the head coach. 
"Oh, okay." 
Then, she saw the head coach pacing back and forth in front of her as he looked at her earnestly, looking like someone who wanted to ask her something yet didn’t dare to. 
",..Coach, is there something you want to ask me?" Cheryl asked. 
The head coach coughed and said, "Um, I'm just asking about this casually.I am absolutely not insinuating anything, nor am I looking down on you! But, well, what kind of university do you think you can get into?" 
After speaking, the head coach wanted to give himself a tight slap. 
What was he even asking? The teen obviously looked easily embarrassed. 
What if the young lady couldn't even get into a university at all? How was she going to answer him? The head coach immediately tried to repair the situation. 
"No, what I mean to say is, it’s okay even if it's just a specialist school.Er, it doesn't matter whether you go to university or not..." 
"Yes, yes, that's right! I also think that academic qualifications aren't important in our industry!" 
Lionel had also seen the posts and comments on Facebook. 
He came over immediately to comfort her and said, "Look at me, I only attended a lousy second- rate university while these guys here went to even worse ones!"
The rest of the team also hurried over and comforted her. 
"Exactly, so it's alright no matter how you score in the exams!" 
"It's okay even if you don't attend university!" 
"Haha, mutants like Captain Zac are a rarity in our industry.Nobody can ace their exams while being an expert gamer too, right?" 
"We compete with our abilities, not academic qualifications!" 
While they were talking, Cheryl sensed that something was amiss. 
The smart girl blinked a couple of times and then opened up Facebook, where she saw that someone had at-mentioned Club HS. 
As she stared at her cell phone, her big eyes widened in disbelief. 
Upon seeing this, the head coach next to her became even more distressed. 
"D-don't cry, Cheryl...Everything will be fine, they are just jealous that you're pretty!" 
"Yeah, you're so much prettier than that live- streamer lady, so she could only try to make up for the difference with her academics..." 
"Ignore them.They're just trying to embarrass you!" 
"Their fans all seem to feel some kind of sense of superiority to others online.Ha, it's not like having good grades will let them win the championship, right?" 
As everyone comforted her, they saw her look up.
On her flawless little face, they didn’t see any sadness in her eyes but faint...excitement instead? The head coach felt like his eyes must be playing tricks on him. 
He was about to speak when Cheryl said docilely, "Coach, can I reply to the message?" 
The head coach: "?" 
The teen spoke so innocently that he couldn't even make himself say no! The corners of his lips spasmed as he considered the proposal for a moment. 
Then, he replied, "Alright, go ahead, but don't argue with them.People online are just being led on by others...Don't cry, either, nor do you have to feel like you've let the fans down just because your grades are poor...Oh, and don't use foul language.We'll deduct $30 per swear word you use. 
"Okay! " 
Cheryl opened up her Facebook settings and changed her name to Cherry HS. 
She knew that the club didn't want her to reveal her identity yet, so she didn't change it to "C". 
After the change, the head coach made a welcome post on the club's official Facebook page: ‘Welcome to the club, @Cherry HS: With that, everyone now knew that Cherry HS was the new member of Club HS. 
After that, Cheryl lowered her head and started typing a message. 
The head coach watched her from a distance away and shook his head slightly. 
Lionel was a little worried. 
"Coach, aren't you concerned that she may use abusive language or argue with them?"
The head coach replied, "She has promised me that she wouldn't.Besides, she's so innocent.Do you think she would argue with them?" 
Lionel nodded after hearing this.He certainly didn't dare to even speak a little loudly to Cheryl. 
The girl looked so delicate that it was as if she would shatter like porcelain if he spoke even a little louder than usual. 
The two of them thought that even if the girl panicked for real and argued a bit with the people online, she would probably just say something like "If you continue insulting me, I'll beat you up with my little fists". 
There was no firepower whatsoever. 
In fact, Lionel couldn't help but suggest, "Coach, should I help her hurl a couple of insults?" 
The head coach looked at him coldly at once. 
"Ha ha, that would be $30 deducted per word, then.Lionel shut up immediately.He was the embodiment of a miser.While the two were chatting, a staff member of the club suddenly approached them anxiously.When he saw the head coach, his expression immediately changed, and he looked as if he wanted to cry! 
"Coachi!" 
The head coach looked at him. 
"What's wrong?" 
He subconsciously looked at Cheryl and asked, "Did you use abusive language?" 
Cheryl shook her head, the look in her eyes cute and innocent as she answered, "Nope!"
"Nope"... 
She was just too cute! The head coach completely believed her. 
The staff member next to him was caught between laughter and tears, though. 
He said, "God C, it's true that you didn’t use abusive language...but it might have been better if you had!" 
The head coach was stunned when he heard this. 
At last, he sensed something amiss belatedly and picked up his cell phone, where he saw that the welcome post for Cheryl had been pinned at the top. 
In the post, someone had at-mentioned her and asked: ‘Jimy scored 1300 on her SAT.Do you know how she scored so high?’ 
At the sight of the question, the head coach's heart suddenly sank.He suddenly thought of Cheryl's response when Lionel mentioned Zac's near-perfect score in his mathematics paper during the college entrance examination. 
He continued scrolling down, and sure enough, he saw Cheryl's reply: ‘Did she miss out chunks of questions in one of the papers?’ 
The head coach: "" 
He felt his vision blacking out! He was getting that vague feeling of someone showing off again!! Nevertheless, he asked, "S-she must be joking, right?" 
The staff member sighed.
He felt as though the head coach, who was strict with everyone, had been blinded by Cheryl.He said, "Keep reading’ The head coach continued scrolling down. 
Then, he saw someone at-mention her again. 
They asked: 'Oh wow, since you are so smart, which university do you think you can get into?’ Cheryl replied: 'I am considering Harvard and MIT, but I haven't decided which yet’ As expected, the comments that followed were full of jeering.Everyone was guffawing. 
The head coach: "!!!" 
He looked up at Cheryl. 
Still speaking in the same innocent tone, Chery! said, "See? I didn't use any abusive language" 
"It might have been better if you had!" 
The head coach panicked. 
If she had used abusive language, it would at least have been because the other party had provoked her first, so she couldn't help but retaliate, which would have made her reaction justifiable. 
But what was she bragging so freaking much for?! Harvard and MIT? She was considering them? Were those two schools something one could joke so carelessly about?!!! His voice shook as he said, "Um, if memory serves me right, the college entrance examination results will be out in ten days, right?" 
Cheryl nodded. 
"Yup!" 
She was giving him that same harmless and adorable feeling again...
The head coach felt like he had been completely bewitched by her. 
The corners of his lips spasmed and he found himself utterly at a loss for words. 
Next to him, the staff member couldn't help but ask, "What do we do, coach?" 
The head coach replied, "What else can we do? Have the PR department ready! They'd better do a good job at handling this matter on the day the college entrance examination results are released!!!" 
That girl was still so young and was even so pretty, but why must she be such a huge braggart?!!
###Chapter 1021
Chapter 1021: College Entrance Examination Results Are Out! 
What happened next was true to the head coach's expectations—Club JQ‘s fans went into full-out ridicule mode. 
By the end of it, the situation had turned into "The presumptuous new member of Club HS is competing with Jimy over academic qualifications!" 
This was despite the fact that they had started the argument first! It was just a shame that Club HS couldn't clear the air even if they wanted to because Chery] had personally made those outrageous claims. 
In the end, the head coach had no choice but to implement a new rule—uninstall Facebook! All of them uninstalled Facebook for a period of time. 
Once the whole thing blew over, they would download it again... 
Their accounts were managed by club staff anyway. 
Cheryl had no choice but to do the same. 
She had always been an obedient girl, so she also did as told and uninstalled Facebook. 
"Starting from tomorrow, you and Zac will team up in ranked matches to build up a rapport with each other." 
The head coach said to Cheryl. 
Zac, who happened to exit his room at this point, nodded when he heard him. 
Zac was the jungler and ganker of the team.
By having the two of them play together, the head coach wanted to let Zac have a look at Cheryl's play style and habits so that he could work with her to take down opponents. 
After all, the jungler was the one in control of the overall pace in a game. 
"Okay.We'll try a ranked match at eleven o'clock tomorrow morning." 
"Okie-Dokie!" 
After bidding goodbye to the others, Cheryl entered her room. 
Everything in the room had been tidied up, so she only needed to unpack her belongings. 
Cheryl spent a bit of time unpacking and then washed up. 
Then, she lay on the bed and picked up her cell phone. 
There were a lot of messages in the family group chat. 
Her brothers and father were asking her how her new club was, whether she was lonely living in a villa all by herself, and whether she wanted them to find her a caretaker. 
Cheryl glanced at the cramped room and then, with a guilty conscience, replied: ‘No, it’s fine! I like being by myself As soon as she sent the reply, she received a video call from Justin. 
Cheryl: "..." 
She answered the call and pointed the camera at the ceiling. 
The room layouts in the two villas were similar. 
After all, both had been renovated before they were handed over to their owners...
Justin’s voice was low, and the beauty mark at the corner of his eye was as alluring as ever. 
As Cheryl looked at him, she couldn't help but wonder why her father seemed like he simply didn't age at all. 
People would believe him even if he stood next to her brothers and claimed that the three of them were brothers! "Show me the room, Justin said. 
Cheryl's guilty conscience immediately took over. 
"No, I just took a shower, so I can't right now!" 
The little girl was already fifteen years old, so Justin did have to watch himself.He kept quiet for a while and then handed the phone to Nora. 
"Then show your mom the room." 
Cheryl: "!!" 
She stared at the sleepy Nora on the screen...Her mom looked even younger than her dad. 
Even after so many years, she still looked like a 20-year- old... 
Of course, this was taking into consideration the fact that she was only 35 years old that year. 
She yawned loudly and asked in a low voice, "Must you?" 
She was talking to Justin. 
Justin replied, "Check whether she is living in the villa next door.A girl mustn't stay by herself in the same house as a group of boys."
Cheryl felt even guiltier now. 
Then, she saw Nora's lazy eyes glance at the phone. 
It was as though she could see right through her through the screen. 
Chery] immediately gave her an ingratiating smile. 
"Mommy, you seem to have become even prettier after a few days of separation! It's Hollywood's loss that you didn't become an actress! It's humanity's loss that they can't see you on the big screen!" 
Nora: ".." 
The obvious flattery clearly indicated a guilty conscience.She glanced sideways. 
When she saw Justin's head leaning over, she immediately switched the video call to voice only. 
She sounded as lazy as ever, and she spoke like a big boss as she said, "What are you looking at? Cherry says it’s inappropriate" 
"Okay." 
Her arrogant and domineering CEO of a father was like a little kitten right now. 
Cheryl secretly giggled. 
Mommy was the only one in this world who could do something about Daddy! After chatting with them a while more, Cheryl hung up. 
Then, she saw a message from Mia: ‘Cherry, you're so daring: Little Mia did not have an insanely high IQ like her, but she was very hardworking and diligent, so she had also skipped a grade.
Thus, even though she was fifteen years old, she was already in her second year of high school. 
Cheryl called her. 
Mia picked up quickly. 
The gently speaking girl was no longer the pushover she used to be, but she had such a frail temperament that it made one want to protect her. 
Her face was still pointed and oval-shaped like before, except that she was even prettier now after growing up. 
She had combined the best features of Joel and Tanya, so she was also well-known for her beauty in the New York circle. 
On the other hand, Cheryl didn't like appearing in public, so few people knew her. 
Mia asked slowly, "Aren't you afraid of not performing well?" 
"How can that be?" 
Cheryl replied sweetly, "Even if I can't get a perfect score like Pete, I'll still score at least 1500!" 
At the mention of Peter, Mia paused and changed the subject subtly. 
"How I wish half a month could pass when we wake up tomorrow! Then you would have slapped their faces with your score!" 
"D'aw, time flies by anyway! By the way, what are you doing?" 
"Studying” Mia replied.
"You have good grades, so you definitely won't have any problems in the college entrance exam.Why are you still working so hard this late at night?" 
Mia was briefly taken aback. 
Then, she replied, "Mm, I want to do better on the exams." 
So that you can go to Pete? However, Cheryl held herself back and didn't say it out loud. 
As Mia and Peter grew up, their relationship gradually became unfathomable. 
Mia was his younger cousin, yet Peter had gradually put distance between him and her. 
This was the same for Mia.She stopped sticking to Peter whenever the two families got together and started sticking to Cherry instead. 
Both their parents were busy with various things and didn't notice this, but Cheryl had. 
"Alright, I'm cheering for you" said Cheryl. 
After hanging up, Cheryl threw everything to the back of her mind. 
The next morning, after waking up and playing a ranked match with Zac, Cheryl felt some long-lost pleasure! She always had to carry her teammates in the past, but when she played in the ranked match with Zac, she felt the capabilities of a professional player. 
Zac seemed to know what she wanted to do all the time. 
Whenever she wanted to rush forward, he was already lying in ambush in the bushes at the side. 
And whenever she wanted to retreat, Zac would retreat even faster than her...
This made Cheryl's eyes light up more and more! As expected, professional players were different! Immersed in the training, Cheryl didn't even realize that a whole week had passed. 
A week later, when the head coach held a routine meeting with Zac, he asked, "How is C ?" 
The corners of Zac's lips curled into a smile and he replied, "She's great." 
He seldom had such high praise for anyone, especially a teammate. 
Therefore, the head coach could tell that Zac was very satisfied.He had also studied the recordings of Zac and Cheryl's ranked matches. 
Zac's skills were at a much higher level than what he showed. 
However, Lionel and the other teammates couldn't keep up with him, so he could only lower his level to cooperate with them. 
After all, they played this game as a team, not as individuals. 
As a result, this severely limited Zac's performance. 
However, the head coach found out that God C could keep up with him! It was as though the two of them shared the same brain. 
No matter what Zac did, Cheryl could always react quickly and keep up with him. 
Sometimes, she even reacted earlier than him... 
To be honest, before God C joined the team, he'd had a lot of doubts about the decision! Not only was God C a girl, but she was also only fifteen years old.
Could she really do it? But after observing her for a week, he realized that she really could! In fact, with her in Club HS, the team had become even stronger. 
The combination of God C and Zac had demonstrated exponential results! The head coach felt as if the champion trophy of the new season was waving at Club HS right now! He let out a delighted laugh. 
However, the next moment, he frowned and said, "Sigh, God C's gaming capabilities are undeniable, but so is her ability to stir up trouble!" 
Upon hearing this, Zac's expression darkened. 
"Is that incident still not over yet?" 
"No, it's not!" 
At the mention, the head coach became even angrier. 
He said, "The situation had originally calmed down, and there weren't many still mocking her.But during Jimy's live-stream last night, she made insinuations about the situation again, bringing it back to people's attention...I initially thought that after the incident died down, everyone would forget about it by the time the college entrance examination results came out.But she's gone and reminded everyone that the results will be out in a week now, which revived the topic...Club JQ is so shameless when it comes to leeching off others’ popularity and hot topics!" 
Zac stayed quiet for a while before he asked, "What did the boss say?" 
He was referring to Chester. 
Chester was very protective of the club members.
A couple of years ago, when Lionel had a small accident, Chester had immediately paid to get the heat off him and suppressed the incident. 
He was sure that the boss would step forward and defend her this time too... 
But as soon as the thought formed, the head coach frowned and replied, "Come to think of it, the situation is rather strange this time.Usually, the boss would ask how things are whenever the club met with even a bit of trouble, but he hasn't said even a word this time.In fact, when I approached the boss about this matter today—so that he could do something about the Facebook activity—he actually said...to let it be!" 
Zac was taken aback. 
"Let it be?" 
"Yeah." 
The head coach was so troubled that he was close to having insomnia.He said, "To be honest, being insulted or mocked a little is not a big deal.I'm mainly just concerned that the young lady won't be able to take it, leading to her frame of mind being affected...That's exactly what Club JQ is doing this time— toying with the young lady's frame of mind.They are so insidious!" 
Zac frowned and kept quiet.He thought of the kid's seemingly inexhaustible energy whenever she was gaming. 
Even if there were rumors flying about, surely it wouldn't get her down, right? Besides, the boss had always been reliable... 
With this in mind, he said, "Then let's do as the boss says." 
The head coach nodded.
"Maybe we should see this as a chance for the newcomer to train her mental resilience.If she can overcome it, nothing will get her down in the future.If she can't, it won't do her good if we are overprotective of her anyway" 
Amid the few people's anxiety, at last, the college entrance examination results were released.
###Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022 The Scores 
As the date of release for the college entrance examination results approached, the Club HS members grew increasingly nervous. 
After two weeks of interaction, everyone had grown fond of Cheryl, who was good at gaming, looked cute and sweet, and was soft-spoken! Sometimes when they saw her watching videos as she munched on fries, they couldn't even imagine that she was the little girl blasting people with her cannon in the game. 
In the game, Cheryl, whose forte was being a gunner, played as a female character who carried a cannon as big as herself and could take out half an opponent's HP with just a single blast. 
Moreover, the character could move quickly from one spot to another, so her movements were flexible and she was not easily caught. 
This simply fitted her image too well. 
As a result, everyone subconsciously became protective of her... 
They even subconsciously gave her the best of everything in daily life. 
Take for example their lunch. 
In the past, whenever they had fried chicken, everyone would fight for the drumsticks. 
This wasn't because they really wanted the drumsticks; rather, it was just the boys’ competitive streak.But now...
"The watermelon is really sweet today! Come on, cut them into pieces and give some to God C! She likes munching on fruits when she watches game replays: "Oh, this crab has so much roe! Here you go, C!" 
"What? They are customizing new equipment for us again? I'm not in a hurry, so God C can go first! Ladies first!" Cheryl had become the club's favorite. 
Even the strict Captain Zac had turned a blind eye to the situation, and was no longer the "Demon Lord Jungler' he was previously known as. 
In fact... 
"You can have the first red buff we get." 
The first wave of the game was spent clearing monsters in the jungle. 
In the past, in order to reach level 4 quickly, Zac had to set the pace, so he never gave the first wave of monsters to the gunners or mages.Even Lionel, the mage, didn't have such privilege! Yet Cheryl had been given the team's first red buff. 
When Lionel heard this during a team match, he wanted to cry.He asked, "Captain, when will you ever give me the first blue buff?" 
Zac, who was controlling the mouse, replied perfunctorily, "Hmm...Try having a sex change first?" 
Lionel: "..." 
That evening, they played until it was late in the night —because they would be able to check the examination results online once it was midnight! The matter had been on everyone's minds all this time; they just didn't dare to mention anything about it, that's all.
One by one, all of them looked at Cheryl —only to see her hands flying across the keyboard at high speed.She didn't look nervous in the least. 
Had she forgotten about it? Despite thinking so, they found it somewhat of a positive development. 
While they were having a break after the match, Zac quickly went to the club's public relations department, where he saw the head coach and some others on standby. 
Upon seeing him, the head coach extended his hand to him and said, "Don't worry, we are ready!" 
Since the day before, fans of Club JQ had been @-mentioning Cheryl constantly. 
A verified big-name fan of Club JQ had made a post, which was subsequently liked and reposted by many: ‘The college entrance examination results will be out soon.Are you scared yet? So, have you decided which university to attend? Is it Harvard or MIT?’ They even included a mocking GIF in the post.It was obvious that they were being sarcastic. 
There was still more than an hour until midnight. 
This hour-long period tormented everyone in the club. 
When Zac returned, he saw Cheryl still gaming with a lollipop in her mouth.She looked as though she had really forgotten about the matter. 
Suddenly, he felt awfully unsettled.He wanted to ask her what exactly was going on. 
From the side, Lionel also couldn't help but ask, "Hey, God C.Um, did you ever try estimating your score after the college entrance examinations?" 
Cheryl glanced at him with her big and pretty eyes and then answered, "Nope!" 
Ever since she started scoring full marks in the mock exams, she seldom looked at the answers.
She had absolute confidence that she could get everything right! Lionel: "..." 
He wanted to ask further about the matter, but the person next to him covered his mouth and gave him a look that screamed "Stop asking about it! Why are you so clueless?!". 
Lionel muttered, "It’s obviously because she looks so calm and relaxed, so I thought she might really pull it off...That's why I asked..." 
She didn't even try estimating her score...Just how much did Cheryl love her games?! Although he was awfully anxious about it, he didn't dare to probe any further. 
Thus, he tried to incite Zac to do it instead. 
He said, "Captain, why don't you try asking your teacher for some information again? Ask him if she can get into a prestigious...nah, a first-rate university.A first-rate university would sound reasonable too.This way, they won't mock her too badly..." 
Zac glanced at him and then shoved both hands in his pockets. 
"Ugh, look at how impatient you are!" 
Lionel: "!!" 
He hung his head upon being chastised.But when he noticed Zac going out again, he couldn't help but ask, "Captain, where are you going?" 
"To the bathroom." 
Lionel: "2" 
He scratched his head.
"Captain, do you have bladder issues? Didn't you just go?" 
Zac: "..." 
This time, Zac indeed entered the bathroom next door. 
He took out his cell phone, opened up his chat with his ex-homeroom teacher, and then sent a text message: 'Hey, can I ask you a question? Based on your understanding of Cheryl, can she get into a first-rate university?’ After a moment's consideration, Zac changed "first- rate" to "second-rate" and then sent the message... 
After sending the message, he waited anxiously for his teacher's reply. 
Time was creeping closer and closer. 
Like the other members of the club, he was also becoming more and more nervous. 
People were also starting to become more and more active on the Club JQ social media pages.But why wasn't his teacher replying? Was he already asleep at this time? Wasn't it too early? He couldn't help but call his teacher. 
As soon as he dialed his number, someone picked up.His teacher's cheerful voice reached him from the other end of the call. 
"What are you doing, Zac? College entrance examination results will be out in a moment, so we are all waiting! The students’ parents are all trying to talk to me, yet you're taking up my precious time.Those who didn't know better would have thought you had a daughter taking the college entrance examinations!" 
Zac: *..."
He suppressed his annoyance and said, "Er, take a look at the message I sent..."The head teacher seemingly glanced at it, upon which a strange silence ensued for two seconds.Then, he asked, "Do you actually think Chery] is aiming for a second-rate university?" 
An uneasy and nervous Zac asked, "..Is there no hope of that happening?" 
“...No." The teacher replied. 
Zac: "..." 
He broke into a frown.Just as he was about to speak, his teacher suddenly raised his voice. 
"Do you actually think that she can only get into a second- rate university? Who do you think you're looking down on?!" 
Zac: "" 
He wanted to respond, but his teacher cut him off and said, "Alright, I have bawling students who need me to comfort them because they didn't score well in the exams.Don't take up any more of my time!" 
After saying that, he hung up. 
Zac: "..." 
For some reason, he now felt even more uneasy after the call.What on earth did his teacher mean by that? Cheryl was awfully weirded out by the strange atmosphere in the club tonight. 
The others would glance at her from time to time, but when she looked back at them, they would quickly look away.She glanced at the time—the scores would be out in another ten minutes. 
Thus, she didn't start a new round after finishing the current one.
Instead, she picked up a bag of potato chips and a slice of watermelon and started munching on them. 
As she did, next to her, Lionel slightly pushed the paper napkins on his table toward her.He did it again and again until they were right in front of her. 
Cheryl: "" 
The girl was confused for a moment. 
Then, she picked one up and wiped her fingers with it as she said, "Thanks." 
"You're welcome." 
Lionel coughed and added, "These tissues are specially made for wiping tears and snot.Ordinary tissues may irritate the nose and make it turn red if you blow your nose with them..." 
When Lionel came down with a cold some time back, the skin at his nose had gotten rashes from wiping his nose with normal tissues. 
Knowing that the exam results would be released soon and afraid that God C would burst into tears, Lionel had specially searched for these tissues on the Internet and even placed an order a week ago, for fear that they would not come in time for today. 
Cheryl: ".." 
She blinked and replied, "Oh." 
Not only was Lionel behaving strangely, but the others around her were also looking at her with slight... 
sympathy in their eyes? She thought of telling Zac that something seemed wrong with everyone today, but as soon as she turned her head, she saw Zac taking out a few ice cubes from the refrigerator and
putting them on a towel. 
Then, he coughed and said, "I heard that people should apply an ice pack on their eyes before they go to bed if they cry their eyes out.Um, just so you know, the club has lots of ice cubes!" 
Cheryl: "" 
She broke into a frown, not quite sure what was wrong with all of them. 
Why were they all expecting her to cry? Amid the strange atmosphere, Cheryl picked up her cell phone, where she found that midnight had struck! Cheryl's eyes lit up.She could check the scores now. 
The family had been chatting about this earlier in the day. 
Alexander had asked her how many points she thought she could get in the exam, after which he said that they would be able to find out whether she had achieved a perfect score tonight. 
Justin had comforted her and told her that it was alright even if she didn't get a perfect score. 
Even her mom, who was always lazy and only cared about sleeping, had popped up in the group chat and added a "+1" below Justin's text message. 
Peter hadn't appeared in the chat. 
Alexander even took the opportunity to mock Peter for not showing concern for his sister. 
When it turned midnight, Cheryl stopped munching on snacks and opened up the exam results website, where she then entered her admission ticket number...It went without saying that she was concerned about her grades too. 
There was no doubt that she would be able to enroll in Harvard University; what mattered now was the score she got in with...
Once she knew her score, she would also be able to update her family in the group chat. 
While she was doing all this, the people behind her crowded around her. 
One... 
two... 
three... 
four heads leaned in from behind her, and everyone held their breath as they watched Chery] hit the Enter key. 
The page immediately changed to a loading screen... 
Soon, Cheryl's score appeared. 
Everyone immediately looked over, and one by one, their eyes widened. 
Were their eyes playing tricks on them?!
###Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023 Fighting For The Same Candidate!! 
Cheryl also found herself stunned for a moment.Then, she heaved a disappointed sigh. 
Displayed on the screen was a score of...0? While Cheryl was spacing out, a furor went through the rest of the team. 
"How can this be?!" 
"Is something wrong with the system? How can the score be 0?" 
"Even if you guess your way through the papers and choose C for every question, you still won't get 0 points, right?" 
"Yeah, there must have been a mistake somewhere!" 
"Even I scored more than 100 points on my college entrance examination back then! It's too difficult to get a 0!" 
Someone even entertained a ludicrous thought and asked, "Hey Cheryl, you couldn't possibly have skipped every single paper and just filled in your name, right? Did you do that just to shut your family up because they wouldn't let you join the team unless you took the college entrance examination? Are you trying to get back at them?" 
Cheryl: *.." 
The corners of her lips spasmed. 
When she was about to say something, next to her, a contemplative look came over Zac's face.0 points...He had seen that before.
But compared to those people, this young lady in front of him was...So, how could it possibly have been 0 points? At the same time, Cheryl lowered her head and saw Peter leisurely send a message in the group chat: ‘Cherry won't be able to see her scores tonight.The scores of the top 50 in each city are protected, so their scores will be masked and displayed as 0.A certain somebody did not take the college entrance examination, so it’s only natural that he wouldn't know.@Alexander] 
He was dissing Alexander for saying that he didn't care about his sister. 
Alexander responded very quickly: ‘Even if they have masked it, as a hacker, couldn't you have hacked into the system to take a look? At the bottom of it all, it's still because you don't care enough about Cherry. 
Peter replied: 'I tried hacking into their system to check Cherry's score just now, but they are using the latest firewall technology, so I didn't manage to get in" 
A proud Justin immediately sent a message: 'That firewall was enhanced by Nora: Everyone: "?" 
Cheryl's lip corners spasmed. 
What was her dad being so proud of when it was her mom who wrote the firewall program? Peter asked: ‘Can Dad hack into it?’ 
Justin, who was completely unashamed of the fact that he couldn't get past his wife's firewall, replied proudly: ‘Of course not: 
Alexander: ".." 
Peter: *..." 
Cheryl: 'I have six things to say:' Cheryl: *."
Just as the three were utterly speechless, Nora finally popped up in the chat: ‘1598.Two points were deducted in the essay. 
Cheryl: "?” 
The others: "" 
After that, Cheryl received congratulatory messages from Alexander, Peter, and Justin. 
However, she was still a little disappointed, so she hung her head.Her reaction made Lionel and others even more nervous. 
Everyone asked, "Hey God C, you...you didn't really submit a blank paper, did you?" 
Zac was also a little confused. 
As far as he was aware, the scores of the top 50 in each city were masked as a protective measure. 
And of course, those 50 candidates were basically split between Harvard and MIT. 
Should this really be the case, then there wouldn't be anything wrong when Cheryl said that she was still considering Harvard and MIT! Zac felt like he had stumbled upon the truth. 
Cheryl was actually a star student. 
He clearly felt like he had guessed the truth, so why was Cheryl suddenly showing such an abject look of disappointment? Had she really handed in a blank paper like what Lionel and the others were saying? Zac became uncertain again. 
Just as everyone was bewildered and confused, Cheryl heaved a huge sigh and said, "I didn't get 1600 points.This is so maddening!"
Everyone: ".." 
The difference between 0 and 1600 was kinda big, wasn't it? Was God C still in lala-land? Or did she decide to go for the lowest score possible because she couldn't get a score of 1600? It was certainly true that nobody had a lower score than that in the entire country! Everyone's lip corners spasmed. 
They wanted to say something, but they didn't know how they should comfort her. 
O points... 
God C sure was pitiful! The only one with a different reaction was Zac. 
His pupils shrank fiercely, and he confirmed his suspicions. 
Originally, he had thought that Cheryl barely made it into the top 50, but judging from what she just said... 
her score was nearly perfect?! So, she was even smarter than he'd thought?! Where did a star student like her pop up from?! Zac frowned.It was at this point that the head coach also rushed into the room. 
"God C, how many points did you score?" 
Cheryl closed the results page quietly and replied, "We'll have to wait a little longer to find out. 
"Wait?" 
The head coach, who had never associated with true star students before, was confused. 
"Aren't the college entrance examination results out yet? But I saw many people showing off their scores on social media!" 
Lionel and the others immediately lowered their heads and kept quiet.
Sigh. 
Since God C was embarrassed to talk about her exam score, then they'd better not expose her. 
Zac, however, clenched his jaw, his dark eyes glued to Cheryl. 
The adorable young lady in front of him looked harmless and easily made one let down their guard against her, but as it turned out, she wasn't just amazing at games... 
Was she so full of surprises even when it came to studying?! He pressed his lips together. 
As for Cheryl, she downloaded the Facebook app onto her cell phone. 
As soon as she did, she saw that fans of both Club HS and Club JQ had poured into her Facebook page and were asking her about her college entrance examination score. 
Cheryl could only reply: ‘It isn't out yet.As soon as she sent the reply, her cell phone rang.She glanced at the number and then stood. 
"I have to answer a call." The head coach nodded. 
Cheryl tapped on the answer button as she walked past the few of them. 
Zac happened to be standing right beside her, so he overheard the voice coming from her cell phone: "Hello, can I speak with Ms.Cheryl Smith? Hello, we are calling from the Harvard University admissions office.As you have scored particularly well in your college entrance examination, we would like to invite you..." 
Zac: "It" 
He was not only an excellent player in the gaming industry, but he had also been a Harvard student.
This had always been something that gave him extraordinary status, as well as something he was proud of. 
But in this instant, he suddenly felt that his academic qualifications were worthless... 
While Cheryl was on the phone, the head coach looked at the Facebook page again. 
The comments on the page were going crazy. 
Cheryl's reply had stunned everyone. 
Everyone thought she was pulling a diva act. 
Fans of Club HS were defending her while fans of Club JQ were attacking her madly. 
‘‘Ha, didn't somebody boast about choosing between two universities previously? Yet she is staying quiet when the results are out? What a joke! Is she afraid that we'll mock her if she announces her results?’’ 
‘‘Everybody else's grades are already out except hers? Yeah right, does she think she's special or what?’’ 
‘‘Special? What nonsense! A certain somebody is just scared! Since she sucks at studying, why even bother competing with Jimy over education qualifications?’’ 
‘‘Isn't that obvious? She's just trying to leech off Jimy's popularity by competing with her over academic qualifications! Trash" 
Club HS fans panicked. 
‘This is e-sports, not school!
‘Are exam scores even that important? Did everyone in your club go to college?’ 
"What a joke! Who's even trying to compete with Jimy? It was obviously you guys who came forward, okay? Has Club HS ever claimed that she is a star student?’ 
However, Club JQ fans refused to listen to the explanations. 
During this period of time, everyone had focused only on what Cheryl had said about how she was considering Harvard University and MIT and flamed her for it. 
Her statement had been posted on Facebook without any context. 
Who would care about the actual circumstances behind it when they were just onlookers? All they knew was that they simply found her statement too arrogant! Many fans even started to at-mention the two schools and inquire if they had admitted her. 
MIT was the first to respond. 
On MIT's official page: 'We don't admit just anybody into the school: They outright mocked Cheryl with just one sentence. 
This elicited even more laughter from Club JQ fans. 
Even Jimy herself stepped forward and at-mentioned MIT: ‘It has always been my dream to attend MIT.I hope I can enroll in the school as a student.." 
However, the cold and aloof MIT ignored her. 
This did not stop the others from ridiculing Cheryl, though, The head coach was in a huge panic. 
"They are dragging MIT into it as well, it's going to be even harder for God C to respond now!"
As soon as he said that, Zac narrowed his eyes. 
He suddenly realized that MIT might not even know the name of the new Club HS member. 
Zac clenched his jaw. 
He walked toward the door and Cheryl happened to end the call with Harvard University when he did, so Zac immediately showed her what MIT had posted on Facebook. 
At this moment, Cheryl's cell phone rang again. 
At MIT. 
Student Admissions Office. 
A teacher was frantically calling someone on the phone. 
"The New York top scorer’s phone has been busy this whole time.She must be on the phone with Harvard University! Why are they on the call for so long?" 
"The top scorer's name is Cheryl?" 
Just as the teacher was wondering why the name Cheryl sounded so familiar to her, she suddenly realized something and looked straight at the other teacher. 
"Are you talking about the Cheryl I think you're talking about?!" 
"Yes!" 
"Hurry up and call her! We have been trying to recruit her into the school since last year, but she has refused us all this time! The principal even personally instructed me to recruit her into the school, no matter the method and no matter what the conditions I must offer!"
While she was talking, the phone call finally connected.She spoke in a very friendly tone and said, "Hello, Ms.Cheryl Smith.I am calling from the student admissions office at MIT.You..." 
But before she could finish, Cheryl replied coldly, "Oh, it’s you... 
No, I'm not going there.The teacher was stunned. 
"Why? We are below Harvard University in any form.In fact, our school has a better shooting team, which suits your future plans better.You..." 
Before the teacher could finish her proposal, Cheryl snorted coldly and said, "Didn't you guys say that not everyone is worthy of being admitted into the school?" 
The teacher was bewildered. 
After Cheryl said that, she hung up at once.It was obvious that the girl was furious. 
The teacher was stunned. 
"When did we ever say anything like that?" 
The teacher next to her was also stunned. 
"Students indeed see our school as the best, but how would we ever dare to say anything like that to a genius like Cheryl? There must be some kind of misunderstanding in here!" 
Next to them, a teacher said quietly, "I...think I know what's going on."
###Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024 Our New Member is Cheryl Smith 
"What's going on?" 
The director of the admissions office was right next to him. 
When the other teacher was talking to Cheryl just now, he desperately wanted to grab the phone and talk to her personally, but Cheryl hadn't given him a chance to do so at all, hanging up right away instead. 
Upon hearing one of the teachers speak up, he immediately became anxious. 
The teacher, who happened to open up the university's Facebook page, showed the post to the director. 
The director was stunned when he read it. 
"But we didn’t say anything wrong in our Facebook post, so why would she be angry? Is she a fan of Club HS? But isn't Cheryl Smith a shooting athlete? Does she follow gaming news?" 
The teacher didn't understand what was going on, either.He replied, "But she was obviously referring to this statement. 
Maybe she is a fan of Zac Stannard? Stannard is not only a Harvard student but also good-looking. 
He's very popular in the gaming circle." 
"..Youngsters are just so impulsive.How can she reject our school just because of this? She didn't even bother listening to our offer!" exclaimed the director.
After grousing, the director looked at him and instructed, "Contact the people managing the school's official Facebook page immediately and tell them to delete the post!" 
"..Got it!" The teacher replied. 
When the people managing the school's Facebook page received the news, they were also stunned. 
The school hadn't said anything wrong. 
After all, a small-time professional player boasting that they were hesitating between the two schools...was indeed disrespectful to them. 
The university's Facebook page was managed by students, who had made the post in a moment of pique. 
There were countless students who woke up early and stayed up late to study just so they could be admitted to the university. 
Moreover, most of the students in the university were the top students from all over the world. 
Even if they weren't the top scorers in their cities, they were at least the top scorers in their schools. 
Why should the university that they were so proud of be relegated to a mere choice in someone else's eyes? As a result, one of the students, who had been stewing over this for a long while, couldn't hold himself back from making such a post earlier in the day. 
Yet they were saying that he had made a mistake? The student was furious and outraged. 
He said to his classmate, "For their mediocre grades, those professional players sure are divas! They have actually attracted the attention of the school leaders! Do they make as great a contribution to society as we do when all they do is play games? All of us will be elites in society after graduation, so
how are we any inferior to them?! Every single one of them acts as if they are celebrities...What kind of world is this?! Not only do celebrities make more money than scientists, but they are also more respected than scientists..." 
Despite the indignant student's complaints, he nevertheless deleted the post from the school's official Facebook page. 
However, after he deleted it, the more he thought about it, the more indignant he felt. 
In the end, he simply couldn't help but post about it on his private Facebook account. 
"They deleted the post." 
In the dim corridor, Zac's low voice rang out as he stared intently at Cheryl. 
"Okie-Dokie-' Cheryl replied adorably. 
She turned around to return to the training room, but she had only taken two steps when Zac suddenly grabbed her arm. 
"Hey kid, don't you have anything to tell me?" 
Cheryl: "" 
Stunned, she blinked a couple of times, not quite understanding what he meant. 
"Like what?" 
"Like how many points you really scored in the exam?" 
Cheryl let out a sigh, which was followed by another sigh.
This made Zac suspect that she had botched the exams. 
Perhaps the girl usually had stellar grades but had been off-form on the college entrance examination this time? For example, maybe she was usually one of the top five scorers but had only achieved 50th place in the college entrance examination this time? While his imagination was running wild, Cheryl replied softly, "1598 points." 
Zac: "" 
He was utterly dumbfounded! There were hardly such high college entrance examination scores in recent years! He didn’t wonder why Cheryl knew her score—after all, she had chatted with the Harvard University staff for so long. 
They might have told her the score ina show of their sincerity.Rather, what he didn't understand was... 
"Then why are you so unhappy?" Cheryl pouted. 
"Because I wanted a perfect score!" 
Zac's lip corners spasmed, and he felt like he truly couldn't understand how geniuses think. 
He ruffled Cheryl's hair and said, "Uh...It's near- impossible to achieve a perfect score.With your score of 1598, you must already be the top scorer this year, so don't ask for too much’ Since the implementation of the college entrance examination system, his cohort was the only one that had produced a candidate with a perfect score.On top of that, the candidate had even been a ten-year- old child.This had shocked the whole country. 
Surely this kid didn’t think that she was that smart or that big of a mutant, right? After all, people like that candidate must be incredibly intelligent.
But how would he possibly know that Cheryl's IQ was even higher than her brother's?! The only reason why Cheryl hadn't scored full marks was due to her having grown up abroad. 
Compared to Peter, she was indeed not as used to local expectations as he was. 
Given how Cheryl couldn't even get her history facts right when she was a child, scoring that high in the exams was already a miracle in itself. 
God knows how tiring it had been for Peter when he tutored Cheryl all these years... 
Cheryl, who soon came to terms with it, grinned and said, "You're right!" 
No way in hell was she going to compare herself to her brother! Wasn't that purely just asking for trouble? She turned and happily skipped into the training room. 
As soon as she and Zac entered, they heard the head coach say, "They deleted it! They deleted it! MIT has deleted the post!" 
But right after he spoke, a distressed staff member next to him broke into a frown in distress. 
"But an MIT student has posted an exposé..." 
The public relations staff member was close to tears. 
It had only been half an hour since the results were released. 
Why was wave after wave of trouble taking place on the Internet? The head coach looked over to see that a student who claimed to be from MIT had made a Facebook post as follows: Sonny: ‘Hi everyone, I'm a student at MIT.Regarding the Facebook post that was just taken down, one must thank the power of celebrities for that.When did America’s scientists and the best higher institution of learning become a tool for celebrities to hype themselves? How smug do you feel to trample upon us? Yet our school can't
even respond because if we do, we'll be criticized for not being magnanimous...I am really worried about the future of this country.Will there come a day when university admissions no longer look at college entrance examination results as admission criteria but the number of fans one has? The future of the scientific community is truly deplorable!" 
The post was pretty much short of just outright saying that the club's star power had forced the school into deleting the post! MIT's deletion of the Facebook post had initially confused Club JQ fans, but when they saw this post, they immediately went on a mad rampage. 
In just the span of five minutes, the post had garnered thousands of likes and reposts! Everyone was questioning what had happened. 
‘What gives the new member of Club HS the power to force MIT into deleting their post?!’ 
The head coach, who initially thought that it was their boss who had paid his way out of the situation, was so freaked out that he was going around in circles. 
"How can you go head-to-head with those two schools?! Boss has really done it this time!" 
The public relations department was also awfully troubled. 
"How are we supposed to settle this diplomatically now?!" 
Club HS fans were also a little outraged. 
‘What on earth is HS doing? How can you be so stupid? Can money control schools?! This is terrible!’ 
‘Although I like both celebrities and HS players, I have more respect for the two universities.This behavior is indeed ludicrous.."
Seeing that both sides were now questioning the behavior of Club HS, the head coach knew that their reputation was truly finished this time.Just as he was at a loss and in a panic... 
Zac suddenly logged onto his Facebook account.He merely made a one-liner post: Zac: Introducing our newest member. 
Her name is Cheryl Smith. 
@MIT @Sonny'’ This post was simply bewildering. 
Fans on both sides were stunned.Was the introduction just a name? 
‘Ha, what does this even mean? Is he telling everyone to attack the new member and hinting that this matter has nothing to do with HS?’ 
‘There isn't any relation between the two in the first place.From the start, the new member was the only one stirring trouble.I highly recommend that Club HS fire her. After all, she did stir up a lot of trouble.." 
"What is Captain Zac doing? Is he pushing the blame? Didn't they say that he is the most protective of his own? LOL’ Everyone went into full-on mocking mode again.However, a huge furor went through the Facebook sphere after that.
###Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025 Harvard University's ReSponse 
Zac had a great number of fans.He had nearly 4 million followers, a number that was comparable to first-rate celebrities’ follower counts.His Facebook page was even more popular than the official Club HS one. 
Since the incident took place, many people had visited Zac's Facebook page to ask about the situation. 
However, he was usually focused on training and rarely posted on social media, so he had never logged in during this period. 
The post he had just made puzzled everyone. 
Even Sonny, the MIT student, was perplexed. 
What was the big deal about Cheryl Smith? Was he trying to tell everybody to refer to Cheryl by her name instead of "the new Club HS member" when they were blasting her?! While he was sneering at the post, his cell phone suddenly rang. 
To his surprise, MIT's admissions office was calling him, Given that the admissions office was calling him again after making him delete his Facebook post just now, Sonny suddenly felt a little sheepish. 
When he answered the call, the director of the admissions office roared, "What the hell are you saying on the Internet?!" 
However, Sonny, who didn't think he was in the wrong at all, retorted, "I can't say what I want on the university's official page, so I've deleted the post.But why can't I say what I want on my own account? Don't I have any freedom of speech?" 
The director was so mad that he could hardly speak.
He yelled, "Do you have any idea who Cheryl Smith is?!" 
"Heh, who is she? Or is this related to who her father is? Sir, you taught us that we should not feel sorry for ourselves.We may be penniless students, but we have ideals and ambition! There are so many students applying every year, but how many of them qualify to enroll in our school? I was also the top scorer back in my hometown! What makes her think she can look down on MIT?" 
The director was so speechless that he actually calmed down. 
After staying quiet for a moment, he asked, "What was your score in the college entrance examination back then?" 
At the mention, Sonny immediately replied arrogantly, "1442! It was the highest score in my hometown! Both Harvard and MIT called me back then, but I chose MIT in the end.But even so, I have never looked down on Harvard University." 
"..Which part of Cheryl Smith's post looks down on Harvard University? It's only because of your own low self-esteem that you would find her arrogant! Even you have admitted that you were deliberating between Harvard and MIT back then, so why can't she?!" said the director. 
After being taken back for a moment, Sonny immediately became indignant.He said, "Sir, are you really comparing me to her? I have been studying so hard for more than ten years, whereas she is a gamer.How can she compare to me?!" 
The director kept quiet for a while and then slowly said, "She scored 1598 points on the college entrance examination this year.Be it Harvard or MIT, both are trying to contact her in hopes of recruiting her into the school.When a student like her says that she is considering enrolling in our school, she is actually giving us a chance.But now, I don't think she will be considering us as an option anymore." 
Sonny: ""
He was stunned. 
"What? How many points did she score again? 1598 points? That's impossible! How can anyone even achieve such a high score?!" 
However, the director didn't respond.He hung up on Sonny, leaving him utterly dumbfounded. 
Only then did he truly feel like he had made a mistake. 
Though Sonny had learned about Cheryl's score, everyone else on the Internet hadn't. 
While everyone was still attacking Cheryl, the Club JQ professional players, who were mostly night owls, gathered around Jimy in the training room and chatted with one another. 
"Haha! This is terrible! To think Zac actually threw the little missy under the bus.He has no conscience whatsoever." 
"To think they actually recruited a female member too.But how can she possibly compare to our Jimy? Jimy graduated from a prestigious university, you know! Their member even boasted that she could choose freely between the two universities or something, right? Haha, does she really think she's a star student? Or does she think that Club HS would take her side? She's so naive!" 
"..Exactly.Jimy is undoubtedly the top female player in the league! With the exception of Zac, few have better academic qualifications than you..." 
But while the group was gloating about Cheryl's misfortune, an uproar suddenly broke out on the Internet. 
Harvard University had made a post on their official Facebook page.
Harvard University: ‘We sincerely and wholeheartedly invite Cheryl Smith to be a part of our school! Thanks for giving her up, MIT.@MIT @Club HS' Harvard had posted this at night, and as soon as it was posted, the entire Internet exploded! Fans were stunned.What was going on? Fans of Club JQ flocked to Harvard University's Facebook post. 
‘LOL, what's going on? Has Harvard also decided to join the fray and back her up?’ 
"Why should she be admitted into Harvard? Is it just because she is a member of Club HS? Or did the owner of Club HS donate a library in her name or something?’’ 
‘‘Exactly.Even gamers can enroll into the top two universities these days?’ 
‘This is so unfair!" 
‘How much did Club HS pay you to put up this pretense?!’ 
The fans of Club HS didn't dare to speak up anymore, either. 
Although it seemed like their club had won, it looked like they hadn't employed very respectable means? Only the director of the MIT students admissions office was furious when he saw the post. 
Harvard University was totally refusing to admit that they had benefited from the situation! Yet it was too late for them to do anything now! What could they do when they were the ones who had made a dumb move first and offended the girl? It was no exaggeration to say that they had offered up a student with immense potential on a silver platter to their nemesis! Given what they had posted on their official Facebook page at that time, it would be a cold day in hell before Cheryl would pick them! The furious director of the admissions office immediately called up one of the school leaders. 
"Wherever did you recruit such a stupid administrator for the school's Facebook page?! Fire him right away!!"
At Club JQ. 
Everyone frowned. 
"What the f*ck?! Why?" 
"What's up with Harvard University? Are they really recruiting her? Special admissions? Is gaming her specialty? If so, then doesn't that mean we can all go to Harvard University now?" 
"They are too much!" 
Jimy's brows drew together as she balled up her fists. 
Having high academic qualifications had given her grounds to be arrogant in this industry. 
What gave the other girl the right to be admitted into Harvard University? Nevertheless, she didn't voice her thoughts. 
Instead, she comforted her teammates and said, "Alright, alright.We all know the owner of Club HS is rich anyway.To be honest, is there even anything money can't buy these days? After all, it would be great promotional material if their newly recruited club member was a Harvard student, right? Come on, don't be mad anymore.I'm fine- But her words only served to make her teammates even angrier.One of them even logged in to their Facebook account and left a comment on Harvard University's post. 
‘In that case, can I also be admitted via special admissions? I play better than Cheryl Smith.The smiley at the end couldn't get any more sarcastic! On top of that, as he had many fans, his comment quickly garnered tens of thousands of likes and became the top comment on Harvard University's post. 
His comment was simply oozing sarcasm! In fact, it even made headlines on social media. 
As a result, everyone started to ridicule Cheryl even more.
However, it was at this moment that Harvard University suddenly replied to the Club JQ member's comment.
###Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026 Moving Out Harvard University 
‘Well, did you take the college entrance examination this year? And did you get a score of 1598? “ 
They had also added a smiley face at the end. 
Their reply was overflowing with counter-mockery! As soon as they replied, all of Club JQ went into an uproar! The member who had mocked Cheryl in his comment widened his eyes, somewhat confused. 
"What is Harvard University talking about? Why would I take the college entrance examinations this year? A score of 1598? Are they trying to be funny or what?" 
But as soon as he spoke, he saw the looks in his teammates’ eyes change. 
After the momentary surprise, the guy finally understood something. 
"N-no way? You must be kidding, right?" 
Likewise, all the netizens also went into an uproar. 
Everyone pressed Harvard University for more details. 
‘‘A score of 1598? You mean to say that Cheryl Smith achieved a score of 1598 in the college entrance examinations?’’ 
‘‘What the actual f*ck? Am I dreaming? On top of the guy who got a perfect score five years ago, a new mutant has emerged now?" 
‘‘No wonder she said that she’s trying to decide between the two schools! With those results, she must be the top scorer this year.It's obvious that she can decide freely between the two schools! She can even take her pick from among all the majors available!’’ 
The news didn't just excite the netizens. 
The fans of Club HS, who hadn't dared to say anything just now, instantly became elated. 
One by one, they swarmed into Club JQ's Facebook page and attacked them furiously. 
‘‘Hmm, didn't someone just say that they wanted Harvard University to recruit them via special admissions? How shameless.Did he become full of himself just because he is a professional e-sports player? Or does he think the whole world has to pander to him or what?’’ 
‘‘Wanna hear a joke? Jimy has the highest academic qualifications among the female professional e- sports players” 
‘Oh my, I'm sorry but the two players with the highest academic qualifications are both in our favorite, Club HS now.As for who they are, I'm sure that nobody needs further elaboration about Zac, while the other is the cutie Cheryl!" 
Upon seeing the sarcastic comments, an awful look came over Jimy's countenance.She bit her lip.Her teammates were also incensed. 
"What's the big deal about having better grades? What are they being so cocky for?" 
However, someone said sheepishly, "Weren't we the ones who started this...?" 
Everyone: "?" 
Was this fellow unable to read the room or what?! However! They weren't going to take it lying down just like that.Jimy thought for a while and then smiled and said, "Aren't we e-sports professionals? Is that star student here to just fool around or something?" 
The rest instantly understood what she meant.
"Exactly.We're e-sports professionals.What's the use of having good grades? The competition is about our gaming abilities...Who exactly is Cheryl Smith? Club HS' recruitment of her is rather surprising.What class is a girl like her going to be? Support class?" 
"She's a support class for sure.Have you forgotten that the person currently playing as support in their team was initially a gunner? It's not like girls can be gunners anyway, right?" 
"Well, she won't be a threat if she's just a support class, then! Jimy is the top support class player in the local server! There's no way she can outclass Jimy when it comes to being a support!" 
While they were dissing Cheryl, the member whom Harvard University had mocked just now couldn't stop himself from posting a new comment: "Whoops, sorry about that, it was just a joke.I didn't expect Ms.Smith's score to be so good.But since she has spent all her time studying, I wonder how good she is at gaming?’ 
With just one sentence, he had mocked Cheryl again.Even Jimy couldn't resist joining in and posting a comment this time. 
Jimy: ‘Nice to meet you.You must also be a support class like me, right? See you in-game.@Cherry HS” 
Immediately after she posted the comment, Club JQ fans seemingly found a direction to go in again, and they tried to reverse online public opinion by saying things like how e-sports were ultimately still all about games and so on... 
In Club HS. 
"Don't bother looking at it anymore.They are just a whole bunch of keyboard warriors who can't stop flaming others the moment they find even the most trifling thing to nitpick about.Our fans are no pushovers, though.They have already begun to fight back." Zac said in a bid to comfort Cheryl.
As the girl nodded, the corners of her lips curled into a smile and she said, "They think I'm playing as support." 
"Yeah." 
Zac was not surprised, though. 
They were not trying to look down on women in e- sports. 
However, biological differences were such that men's reflexes were indeed sharper than women's. 
This was no different from how most men were physically stronger and taller than women. 
This was an undeniable fact. 
However, there were also cases where women would outclass men. 
If anything, after partnering with Cheryl for the past half a month, Zac had already become fully convinced of her capabilities and didn't dare doubt her prowess anymore. 
He smiled and said, "Let them say whatever they want for now.When it's time for the actual competition, you will be a real eye-opener for them, as well as a big surprise for our fans." 
Though the fans of Club HS supported the club's decision, they were ultimately still apprehensive about having a female player on the team. 
Everyone was worried that Cheryl would have trouble keeping up... 
Cheryl nodded. 
"Yeah.I'm not bothered about their comments.We'll see who has the last laugh once the competition starts."
After speaking, she popped into her mouth a lollipop that she had removed the wrapper of at some point and then blinked at him. 
The way she looked so sweet and cute made Zac's heart flutter. 
But immediately after, he couldn't help but be horrified at himself.She was only 15 years old! She was still a kid! He coughed and turned around, whereupon he saw his teammates utterly stunned. 
The head coach was also bewildered. 
Everyone in the PR department stared blankly at the battle of words on Facebook. 
How did they win the public opinion battle when they hadn't even done anything yet? Among them, Lionel was the first to break the silence. 
He said, "Um, hey, Cheryl.What does Harvard University mean by this? I know you took part in the college entrance examinations this year, but what does this part about having a score of 1598 mean? What am I failing to understand here?" 
Zac couldn't make himself look on.Here he was thinking that Lionel had finally smartened up for once, but as it turned out, he was just utterly bewildered! The corners of his lips spasmed and he said, "Cheryl scored 1598 points in the college entrance examinations." 
While the others hadn't recovered from the shock, Zac said to Cheryl, "You can head upstairs and rest first." 
"Okay." 
With the lollipop in her mouth, Cheryl went upstairs. 
Along the way, text message notifications from a group chat popped up on her cell phone.
Alexander: ‘I bet you had candy, right? Don't forget to brush your teeth before you go to bed‘ 
Peter: ‘Peace has returned to the Internet.I'll be there when your competition starts.Cheryl smiled at the messages, but right after she did, she saw a message from Justin that surprised her. 
Justin: ‘Move out tomorrow, you hear?’ 
Cheryl: "!" 
The corners of her lips spasmed. 
However, even she understood that her presence was inconveniencing all the occupants of the villa. 
For example, the morning after she moved into the villa, when she exited her room in her pajamas after she woke up, she had bumped into a shirtless Lionel having breakfast in his floral-patterned boxers. 
Lionel had been caught completely off guard at that time. 
Then, he let out a piercing shriek and ran into his room. 
As for herself, she also realized that it wasn't appropriate for her to be walking around in her pajamas, either, so she had returned to her room and changed into another set of clothes... 
Besides, the villa she was supposed to move into was right beside this one, so it wasn't like it was inconvenient for her to report for duty, either! Cheryl wanted to head back down to inform her teammates that she was moving out, but the moment she turned around, she heard her teammates’ exclamations. 
"Oh my god, God C scored 1598 in the college entrance examinations?" 
"Is she really human?!"
"What the f*ck? How can someone be so good in their studies, yet also be crazy good at games?!" 
After a moment's thought, Cheryl decided that she would tell them about it the next morning instead. 
The following morning. 
"Pfft!" 
Lionel choked and spat out his mouthful of bread when Cheryl mentioned that she was moving out. 
"God C, are you going back to heaven?" 
Cheryl: "?" 
What on earth was he talking about?! The corners of her lips spasmed and she replied, "I'm just moving out.My dad said that he's worried about me because it's not appropriate for me to stay here with you guys.Plus, he has a house nearby, so..." 
Only then did Lionel breathe a sigh of relief. 
Everyone tried to reassure her that everything was fine and that they didn't feel inconvenienced. 
Zac was the only one whose eyes dimmed a little.He thought of how the girl had exited her room with a blank look on her face in the morning, and how adorable she had looked half-asleep. 
But the next moment, he thought of how Lionel and the rest often made dirty jokes... 
He coughed and said, "You can move out if you want.but is the house good enough?" 
Lionel immediately nodded.
"Yeah.Look at all the fabulous benefits you get when you live here.Your room here is also a spacious one.Your dad's property is probably an apartment, right? Or a two-bedroom house? In any case, it won't be any better than this big villa, so why bother moving out..." 
Just as Cheryl was about to explain, Zac smacked Lionel on the head and said, "Shut up and eat.Why are you talking so much?" 
Lionel curled his lips disdainfully. 
A short pause later, though, he said, "Fine, I suppose.We'll help you with the move later, God C’’ 
Then, he sent a message to the team group chat. 
‘When we help God C move out, no one is allowed to mock her for having a small house, you hear? We must be considerate toward her self-esteem!" 
After he sent the message, all the other teammates responded affirmatively. 
After breakfast, Cheryl headed upstairs to pack her luggage. 
Lionel hurriedly took the suitcase from her and then lugged it out the door. 
Then, he asked, "Where are you moving to, God C? How long will it take to drive there?"
###Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027 ...Well, Her Family is Worth At Least $1.5 Million Drive? 
Cheryl kept quiet for a while. 
This upscale neighborhood was relatively quiet, so there was indeed quite a distance between each villa, and traveling to another villa by foot would take at least ten minutes. 
However, it took only three to five minutes by car. 
In that case, they would just drive, then. 
But before Cheryl could answer that it would take only a few minutes, Lionel had loaded the suitcase into the trunk and slipped into the driver's seat. 
This was a seven-seater multi-purpose vehicle. 
When Lionel sat in the driver's seat, the rest got into the car immediately. 
One sat in the passenger seat in the front while others sat in the back, leaving the two seats in the middle to Cheryl and Zac. 
After the two got in, Lionel asked, "Where are we going? I'll set up the GPS." 
"We don't need the GPS" 
Cheryl said, "Just drive forward." 
"Huh? Oh, okay." 
Lionel started the car obediently and left Villa No.8.
Just as he was about to turn to the gate, Cheryl said, *Turn left.He subconsciously turned left as instructed, but after he did, he said in confusion, "You're pointing me in the wrong direction, God C.The exit is to the north while the entrance is to the south...Never mind, I'll just circle back here’ After Lionel spoke, a teammate nicknamed Chonk, who played as a support class, asked, "How big is the house, God C? Is it bigger or smaller than your room in the villa?" 
Chonk's question arose purely out of curiosity. 
The room in question was referring to Cheryl's suite in the villa. 
However, Cheryl, who had automatically overlooked the word "room", thought that he was comparing villa to villa, so she naturally replied, "They are the same size!" 
Her voice was simply too cute. 
Chonk, who was entranced by her voice, subconsciously voiced his true thoughts and replied, "Isn't that really small?" 
All the members, no matter their financial status in the past, had made a lot of money during their few years of being professional gamers. 
Lionel raked in about $1.5 million per year from prize money from competitions, various product endorsements, live-stream appearances, and more. 
After a few years as professional e-sports players, all of them had accumulated substantial wealth that allowed them to purchase property, cars, and more... 
Therefore, Chonk found even a house about 500 square feet small these days. 
After all, he had bought a big villa for his parents back in his hometown! Even the penniless Lionel had bought a 2000-square-feet house in San Francisco! They weren't looking down on Cheryl; rather, they
truly found the house small. 
However, Chonk quickly came back to his senses and patted Cheryl on the shoulder. 
He said, "Don't worry, it's not a big deal.If you work hard in the club, you will be able to afford a big house within two years!" 
As one of the only two female professional e-sports players in the league, Cheryl must have an even higher endorsement fee than them. 
Lionel also nodded. 
"Yeah, ignore Chonk.It's already fortunate that you can afford to live in a 1000- square-feet house.Back then, I was so poor that we had to sell almost everything we had just to cover my travel expenses to the club.Later, when the boss found out about this, he quickly sent some money to my family.Otherwise, my parents would have fainted from hunger...Even though I was poor back then, it doesn't matter anymore.Look at me now! I have already escaped poverty!" 
Lionel was afraid that they had upset Cheryl. 
That was why he was bringing up his embarrassing past. 
Chonk immediately followed up and added, "Yes, yes, I can still remember how Lionel looked when he arrived! All the clothes he was wearing were patched and mended! When he took off his shorts at night, even his underwear was full of holes..." 
"Piss off! Watch what you say! Why are you telling dirty jokes?!" 
Lionel was furious. 
However, it was mainly because such details were simply too embarrassing.
How could he tell the pretty girl something like that? In the backseat, Benjamin, a reticent top-laner, couldn't help but nod when he heard Lionel.He frequently cleared obstacles in the top lane alone in the game and was a rather reserved guy by nature. 
In all the time that Cheryl had been here, she had never heard him say much. 
If he could just grunt in response, he would never choose to utter an "okay". 
If he could express what he wanted to say in just two words, he would never utter a third. 
Now, though, he actually spoke up for once. 
"Everybody starts somewhere.You guys don't have to overthink this, though.Cheryl's family is definitely not a poor one." 
Would a poor family be able to raise someone as spoiled as Cheryl? Benjamin had always been one to observe others quietly. 
Lionel and Chonk might not have noticed anything, but Benjamin had long since discovered that God C was actually very spoiled. 
During meals, she would never take a second bite of food that tasted even a little overcooked. 
And when she ate apples, she would only eat them if they were peeled and cut into small pieces, or she'd rather just not have any... 
When she first came to the villa, he had thought that Cheryl didn’t like fruits.It wasn't until one night when they ordered a fruit platter takeout that he found her munching away like a little hamster. 
In addition, she only ate the fresh fruits.
For example, she didn't touch the watermelon, which seemed like it had been left out all afternoon. 
Later, when Benjamin quietly cut a few apples into small pieces and placed them on the dining table, sure enough, Cheryl dug into them immediately after dinner...She was undeniably a pampered little princess! Or at the very least, her family doted on her very much, Benjamin had then thought deeper into it and arrived at the conclusion that Cheryl must come from a rich family. 
After all, for them to be able to afford a 1000-square- feet house in San Francisco, they were undoubtedly no ordinary people, alright?! After all, real estate rates in San Francisco were sky- high... 
The houses nearby cost about $150 per square foot... 
Yup, her family was definitely worth at least $1.5 million! Lionel echoed him. 
"Yeah, Benjamin is right! Everyone starts somewhere!" 
Just as he was about to continue, Cheryl said, "We're here.You can stop here."
###Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028 God C is a Rich Second- Generation Heir!!! 
Lionel subconsciously stepped on the brakes.But when the car stopped, he looked out to find that they hadn't left the neighborhood at all. 
Confused, he asked, "What's going on? There isn't any house here except for Villa No.9..." 
But when he uttered that, his words trailed off in astonishment.The rest of the team was also stunned. 
Zac stared at Villa No.9, his lips curling up into a near-imperceptible arc. 
Oh my, the kiddo's family is pretty well-off, isn't it? A villa in the neighborhood cost more than $7.5 million.On top of that, Villa No.9 was situated by the lake and was slightly larger than Villa No.8, so it was worth almost $15 million! When they first moved in, Lionel had passed by the villa on an evening run once and remarked enviously, "I wonder who the owner of Villa No.9 is.The scenery here is even better than ours, and it also seems a bit bigger.Damn the rich, why do they get to enjoy life so much?" 
But now! He seemed to have found out who the owners of this villa were. 
Zac coughed. 
Lionel also swallowed and asked incredulously, "G- God C, sure...surely you don't mean to say that Villa No.9 is the ‘house’ you were referring to, right?" 
Cheryl nodded. 
"Yup!" 
"Yup"... 
Lionel felt like crying.
Come on, no acting cute in the club, alright?! Who would have thought that an adorable girl like her would turn out to be a little money bag in disguise?! He was this close to shedding tears of envy. 
He said, "A-are you living here alone, God C? How lonely would it be if you don't have anyone cooking for you, right? Do you want us to come over and accompany you..." 
As soon as he spoke, though, the door to the villa opened and a full-time butler stepped out. 
Dressed in a suit, he looked at the car with a smile and quickly walked over.He made Zac step aside and then opened the door for Cheryl. 
Only then did Cheryl get out of the car. 
"Ms.Cheryl, the villa is ready.This way, please." 
M...Ms.Cheryl?! What the heck was this? Also, the butler looked awfully professional! The group was stunned. 
They had met rich people—for example, Zac— before...Lionel and the others had even visited his home. 
Only manors like the Stannards' home would need a butler, come on! So, was God C's family as rich as Zac's?! Zac was also taken aback—because he recognized the butler. 
The housekeeping industry had a ranking of its own, and this particular butler ranked among the top five in the United States. 
A few years ago, his family had contacted him with the intention to hire him. 
Hoover, the butler, had told them that he was already employed by someone else.
Little did he think that it would turn out to be Cheryl's family! Just who...exactly was her family? Even Zac, who was exposed to the wealthy and dignitaries, felt a little lost now.Smith...Was Cheryl part of the Smiths from New York?! But as far as he knew, the Smiths only had one fifteen-year-old girl in the family, and she was currently in her second year of high school. 
The girl was said to be shy and gentle, and was also renowned for her beauty...Of course, Cheryl was also a beauty, but she was no "shy and gentle" girl! While Zac's imagination was running wild, the butler picked up Cheryl's suitcase and politely invited Lionel and the others into the villa. 
The housekeeper was currently occupied in the kitchen, which was wafting an aromatic smell of something cooking. 
Lionel swallowed hard. 
"God C, I'm so envious that my tears are flowing out from the corners of my mouth.Why does your housekeeper's cooking smell so good?" 
"..Wanna stay for lunch, then?" asked Cheryl. 
"No problem!" 
Lionel walked straight to the dining hall and seated himself at the dining table. 
Zac and Benjamin looked around at the interior decor. 
It was obvious that the decor here was cozier than in the club, and all the little details exhibited low-key luxury. 
After the meal, Lionel couldn't help but secretly look at Cheryl and ask, "Hey, God C.Um, I kinda wanna ask you something, but I don't know if it's okay to?"
",.Go ahead," replied Cheryl. 
Lionel coughed and asked, "What business is your family in, God C?" 
Cheryl thought for a while. 
"Actually, I'm not sure myself" 
The Hunts had businesses in a large number of industries, while her grandaunt was involved with mysterious matters overseas. 
On top of that, her mom was also an enigmatic one who disappeared for a couple of days or so every month for some inexplicable reason. 
In the entire family, her brother, Peter, was the only normal one who went through his education systematically. 
She had heard that their father intended to hand over the Hunt Corporation to him this year.Her other brother, Alexander, was also an unfathomable one. 
Nobody knew what their father was doing with him every day, and she had heard that he was planning to have him inherit something to do with "King" and whatnot... 
In any case, Cheryl wasn't bothered about these things. 
All she knew was that she was the weakest in the family and that she was so rich that she would never run out of money her whole life! However, Cheryl's teammates misunderstood and thought that she was reluctant to reveal anything to outsiders because of her desire to remain low-key, so they didn't probe further. 
After lunch, everyone drove back to Villa No.8 for afternoon training.
After the training session, Cheryl refused the butler's offer to pick her up, instead insisting on walking home by herself. 
The villa was only a ten-minute walk or three-minute drive away. 
She would just take the walk as exercise! Zac suddenly stood up and said, "I'm going out for an evening run, so I can walk you back home along the way." 
Cheryl, who didn't think much about it, nodded. 
Before they went out, Cheryl, who suddenly thought of something, said, "By the way, I have to take two days off starting tomorrow- The head coach happened to exit the room at this point. 
Upon hearing this, he asked, "What for?" 
"Mm, shooting practice’ Don't forget that Cheryl had another identity—a shooting athlete! Although she had enrolled in Harvard via the college entrance examination, she had never given up on shooting as a sport. 
The coach was confused. 
"What?" 
Zac explained on her behalf and said, "Cheryl is a shooting athlete" 
"..Uh-huh, and then?" 
Chery] said, "I promised the national team that I would train with them for at least two days a month? The coach: "" 
The rest of the club seeing her out the door: "?"
Cheryl, who had mistaken their reaction as disapproval, explained, "I only need to go for shooting practice two days a month so that they wouldn't bother me.Don't worry, my focus is on the game!" 
Gaming wasn't a one-man show but a team effort. 
Therefore, Cheryl indeed had to spend more time training team coordination with them. 
Lionel, who had pretty much become numb to further revelations, said jokingly, ‘Um, considering that you got a score of 1598 in the college entrance examinations, be it games or shooting, isn't either too much of a waste? Why don't you do scientific research instead?" 
Celebrities and game clubs were lucrative businesses, but being a scientist was obviously a more respected profession! Cheryl thought for a moment and then replied, "That's an option." 
Everyone: ".." 
"I'm kidding, I'm kidding..." 
After speaking, Lionel, who wanted to improve his relationship with Ms.Rich Heir God C, patted his chest and said, "For the sake of playing for our club, you have decided to patronize the national shooting team and just train with them a couple of days each month... 
But don't worry! You may not be able to take the championship in shooting, but we will make it up to you with the game competition! We are very confident of taking the championship this year!" 
Cheryl: "?" 
Who said she couldn't take the championship in shooting? She blinked a couple of times and thought of explaining, but when she saw how moved everyone looked, as though she had given up shooting for the game...she couldn't be bothered to say anything.She put on her shoes and went out.
Zac followed behind her. 
As soon as the two of them exited, they saw a car at the door.A middle-aged lady dressed opulently then got out and walked straight to the two of them. 
The woman frowned at the pair in front of her and then said to Zac, "Why is there a girl in the club? Is she the girlfriend you mentioned?" 
Zac: "?" 
Some time ago, his family had wanted to set him up on a blind date.However, he couldn't be bothered to go, so he made up an excuse and said that he already had a girlfriend.It seemed like his mother had misunderstood, though. 
He was about to explain when the woman said, "Zac, you'd better be rational about this! I've already given my permission for you to become a professional e- sports player under the condition that you would only play until you are 25, whereupon you will retire and return to inherit the family business! But I will never agree to you dating just any random woman!" 
After saying that, the middle-aged woman's eyes reddened and she said, "Your father has brought his illegitimate son home, and I heard that he is even planning to set him up on a blind date with the young lady of the Smiths in New York.If he really marries Ms.Smith, you'll be finished! You won't be able to inherit the family business anymore! If he wins the Smiths over, unless you marry the mysterious young lady of the Hunts, you really won't have any hope of inheriting the company anymore! Are you trying to drive me to my grave?!" 
As she spoke, she took out a handkerchief and started to dab at her eyes. 
"Never mind that he’s fooling around outside, but he's even brought his illegitimate son home now.Is he so confident that we won't fight back? Zac, you heartless boy.I suffered so much all these years, yet
you don't care about how I feel at all...Ihave given you everything you wanted all your life...How can you treat me as heartlessly as your father? Are you going to let that homewrecker step all over me in the future, too?" 
Zac heaved a helpless sigh and said, "Mom, stop that act of yours.She is not my girlfriend but a new member of the club: After a moment, the stunned woman stopped crying and then smiled awkwardly at Cheryl. 
"Oh, is that so? You should have told me earlier.I ended up crying for nothing..." 
Zac: “..." 
Cheryl: "..." 
Cheryl was thinking about what the woman had said just now, though. 
Did she say that the Stannards' illegitimate son was planning to befriend Mia? She tilted her head and took out her cell phone to inform Mia of the news. 
But after a moment's thought, she decided not to. 
Mia was currently in her second year of high school, which was a critical moment for her studies.It would be better if she didn't bother Mia with such news. 
Thus, Cheryl sent the message to Peter instead.She wrote: ‘Hey Peter, the Stannards in San Francisco are planning a political marriage with Mia" 
After sending the message, she looked back up to see the middle-aged lady pulling Zac's ear as she said, "Listen up now.I didn't let you do whatever you want so that you don't fight for what's yours.
That boy is only 18 years old now; you're a whole three years older than him! You can play games if that's what you want, but you must take back the family's assets! It'll be so embarrassing if I end up being kicked out of the family after putting up so much with the Stannards!" 
An extremely helpless Zac replied, “...Okay, okay" 
"Try to find the young lady of the Hunts and see if you can seduce her!" 
Zac: "I!" 
Cheryl: "" 
The young lady of the Hunts...Was she talking about her?!
###Chapter 1029
Chapter 1029 The Boss is Here! 
Surprisingly enough, Cheryl ended up listening to gossip about herself in the end! She grinned and said, "Um, I'll go first." 
".Okay" Zac replied. 
Even after walking a distance away, Cheryl could still hear Mrs.Stannard nagging at Zac. 
"Young man, you are already in your twenties.It's about time you find a girlfriend.It can't possibly be that you've never had a girlfriend before because you're into men instead, right?" 
Cheryl: "?" 
Did she just hear something she shouldn't have? She quickly sped up, lest she ended up being silenced by the captain.Well, just kidding.He wouldn't actually kill her, of course. 
However, if he made her life difficult in the future, things would certainly become very troublesome. 
As her mom said, one must always cut off any potential source of trouble! It was only after Zac watched the kid speed up and escape that he finally came back to his senses. 
"Huh? What did you just say?" 
Mrs.Stannard: "" 
Cheryl had a good night's sleep that evening. 
When she woke up the next day, the butler drove her to a nearby helicopter base, where she returned to New York for training via helicopter.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! All five shots hit the bullseye in succession. 
Satisfied, Cheryl lowered the gun.Her coach then came over. 
"Good, it seems that you haven't been slacking" 
But after saying that, he couldn't help but start nagging at her. 
"Cheryl, you carry the national team's hope of victory.We are counting on you for our gold medal this year.Can't you join that game club later? What's so good about games anyway? Can it win you anything? You should stay here to continue training instead.You..." 
Cheryl couldn't help but interrupt. 
"Coach, what am I even supposed to work on if I stay here to train?" 
The coach suddenly found himself at a loss for words. 
Ever since Cheryl joined the national team, she had consistently hit the bullseye every time. 
It was indeed true that there was nothing she could improve anymore! After all, how would he know that Justin was the one who had taught Cheryl her shooting skills? However, she was not allowed to skip her monthly training. 
This was the furthest the coach would relent. 
Cheryl had agreed to it as well. 
After all, she did have to practice a bit every month to prevent her skills from becoming rusty. 
It was currently June.
Once the Olympics rolled about in August, she would be competing for Team America! When she thought of how neither of her brothers was involved in such activities, Cheryl couldn't help but smile. 
After a whole afternoon of training, she finally found her groove. 
Then, she went straight home in the evening. 
As soon as she stepped through the door, she spotted Justin sitting on the sofa and staring at the door. 
At the sight of her, the man got up. 
Ina low but gentle and cheerful voice, he said, "You're back." 
"Uh-huh!" 
Cheryl skipped over and asked, "Where's Mom, Dad?" 
Justin replied, "Why are you looking for your mom the moment you return...? She's already asleep." 
..I knew it! Cheryl thought.Her mother's terrible habit of excessive sleeping still hadn't changed, despite so many years going by.She fell asleep all the time without any warning. 
This was due to her mother's physical constitution, though. 
She was about to go upstairs when Justin said, "The kitchen has prepared your favorite chicken soup.New clothes and dresses from the current season have also been brought upstairs." 
After speaking, he looked at Cheryl disdainfully and said, "Girls should dress up more!" 
Cheryl: ".."
Since she was a child, it was actually her father who had dressed her like a little princess all along.She had indeed loved princess dresses when she was a child, but now...She wore whatever she found convenient, of course. 
On the other hand, though, her father didn't have similar expectations of her mother. 
Even if her mother wore a sack, he would still compliment her in it, even if he didn’t really mean it. 
Yet he now had so many expectations when it came to her? She pouted and said, "Alright, alright!" 
Then, she went upstairs. 
Before she entered her room, she glanced behind at her father to find that he had quietly walked over to the master bedroom.He opened the door gently and then tiptoed in. 
Despite so many years going by, Justin didn't show any signs of aging at all, and even Nora could pass off as her sister when they stood next to each other. 
It was as though they weren't affected by the passage of time at all. 
Cheryl shook her head and entered her room. 
The home was the most comfortable after all. 
When she woke up the next day, she went to visit Mia. 
Mia looked as gentle as ever.She was clearly younger than Cheryl, yet her thoughtfulness made her seem as though she was the older one instead. 
The two had lunch together. 
In the afternoon, Cheryl went to the training ground for practice again.
Then, in the evening, she took the helicopter back to San Francisco. 
The next day, she went back to the club and started training with everyone again. 
In the blink of an eye, another week had passed. 
One day, everyone in the club sobered up. 
Even Zac looked serious and on guard. 
A curious Cheryl asked, "What's going on?" 
While no one was looking, Lionel secretly replied, "The boss is coming over tonight!" 
Cheryl: "?" 
The boss? Uncle Chester? While she was thinking, Lionel grumbled, "The boss loves playing games, but he's unfortunately not very good at it.Even so, every time he comes over, he makes us play with him.He's terrible at it, but he just loves playing it so much! He also has a bad temper.He disses us every time he loses...He has a real knack for insults, too.Do you know what he said when we asked him where he learned to diss others like that?" 
An earnest and well-behaved Chery] asked, "What did he say?" 
Lionel answered, "He said that he learned it from his team leader and that he has already been showing us mercy!" 
The corners of Cheryl's lips spasmed, and she thought back to how vicious she had been in the past. 
However, she had tried to restrain her temper a little the past month.
Besides, she only threw insults at others because they were dumb, but her teammates were some of the best players in the game. 
They cooperated well with one another in-game. 
Come to think of it, she hadn't blasted anyone at all this month—because they had won all the matches!Cheryl coughed. 
Lionel went on. 
"Also, you know what, the boss’ background is no joke!" 
"What?" 
Cheryl was surprised. 
Did Uncle Chesty have other identities that she was unaware of? Did he have secret identities too?! While she was wondering, Lionel said, "He is a part of the Hunts in New York!" 
Cheryl: "" 
"Uh-huh? What about it?" 
"What do you mean ‘what about it’? The Hunts in New York! We're talking about the wealthiest family in America! Even the Smiths are a tad less powerful than them.This is why the boss is so bad- tempered.The sight of him scares us! When he gets here, you'd better not rush up to him in front..." 
God C was the club's favorite person. 
Lionel wouldn't want her to be scolded by the boss, of course! Every time the boss came over, he would always scold all of them at least a little.
Even Captain Zac wasn't spared, On top of that, he always scolded him for the same things. 
"Can't you smile?" 
"How are you going to lead the team when you talk so little? This is so worrying!" 
When he thought of this, Lionel couldn't help but look at Cheryl.Would the boss take pity on a cute little girl like her? While he was thinking about it, he heard a voice coming from the door. 
"Boss is here!" 
Then, a beaming Chester walked in.As soon as he entered, his eyes locked onto Cheryl and he exclaimed, "Leader!"
###Chapter 1030
Chapter 1030 What Is Their Relationship? 
There was complete silence in the club. 
Everyone turned to look at Cheryl incredulously.Then, they looked back at their boss who was always scolding them. 
Chester was 30 years old this year.His wife had just given birth to their son recently, so he didn’t have as much time as before to visit the club these days. 
Cheryl had already met the adorable and pretty baby boy before. 
Chester, who had been so busy taking care of his son and related matters, could finally relax now.He said, "Hey, leader! Let's play a round together!" 
However, the heartless Cheryl replied, "...I don't feel like playing with you." 
"Why?" 
"You're horrible at it." 
When Cheryl's teammates heard her blunt reply, none of them dared to even utter a word. 
Zac looked at the two of them thoughtfully. 
As for Lionel, he widened his eyes and glanced at Cheryl worriedly. 
Although he had been astonished by Chester calling God C "leader" 
Just now, Chester was ultimately still their boss! God C was simply too rude! What if their boss got mad and refused to pay her salary?! True enough, Chester did get mad.
"If you don't play with me, I won't pay you your salary!" 
He would remit Cheryl's salary to his sister-in-law instead! Cheryl glanced at him. 
"Do what you want" 
Didn't he know that money was the last thing she lacked at the moment?! 
Chester: “.." 
Chester was obviously at a disadvantage in the conversation, yet nobody could tell for some reason, and they even thought that Cheryl had thoroughly enraged Chester. 
A smiling Lionel immediately said, "We'll play with you, instead, Boss...!" 
He took a step forward and stood between Cheryl and Chester, shielding her behind him. 
After spending more than 20 days together, Lionel had already started to become protective of her. 
Cheryl was now the club's favorite person... 
An aggrieved Chester whined, "I've been having such a hard time lately because I have to take care of my kid.Can't you agree to my request when I finally have a day off today?" 
At the sight of his pitiful expression, the helpless Cheryl could only reply, "Fine, just one round, okay?" 
"Five!" 
"One." 
"Three!" 
In the end, Cheryl heaved a quiet sigh and relented.
"Two rounds" 
"You're on!" 
Chester immediately grabbed Lionel's computer and mouse and logged into his account. 
"Come on, hurry up and log in!" 
Chester liked playing as a mage, so every time he came, Lionel would have to sit out and let him play instead.He was more than happy to do so, too. 
After all, their boss was not only horrible at the game, but also had an awful temper. 
Whoever played with him would end up having to suffer. 
Lionel stood at the side and waited. 
However, after the game started, he found that their boss was actually playing calmly and wasn't losing his temper... 
In the past, whenever Zac fought in the jungle, he always had to go to the middle lane to help him fight the minions there before quickly leaving because he mustn't steal the experience points. 
However, when the battle started, Zac promptly went to the bottom lane after just a moment's hesitation. 
Sure enough, Chester only glanced at him as though he wanted to say something, but held back in the end. 
After a while... 
"Ahh, I died again! Leader, why didn't you come and save me?"
"Save you? Chesty, please look at whether you're worth it.Is there any point in saving you? Even an advanced cannon does more damage than you!" 
Lionel: "HN!" 
"Leader, someone assassinated me again.I'm weak only because I gave you all the coins we earned, so you're not allowed to laugh at me." 
"Ha, I'd rather give all the coins the team earned to a wild boar instead of you.At least the wild boar knows that it should counterattack the enemy, but what about you? You were knocked out in one hit before you could even cast any of the mage'’s skills...You should learn how to move first!" 
Lionel: "I" 
Although it felt great to see their boss, who was always scolding them, suffer a setback for once, was it really alright for God C to diss him like that? Also! God C was so scary! She didn't even need to use swear words when she insulted someone! No wonder their boss always said that his prowess at dishing out insults couldn't compare to even half of his leader's...Lionel swallowed.At the end of the round, even though Cheryl and Zac led their teammates to victory, the game didn't bring Chester any joy at all. 
He looked at Cheryl aggrievedly. 
"Hey, leader..." 
"Be a good boy and go back to the baby.This game doesn't suit you." 
In the end, she still played another round with her poor uncle. 
Although he still got scolded, Chester felt totally refreshed this time.
After the game, he got ready to leave.When he was leaving, all the members of the club went to see him off. 
Cheryl also followed them out the door. 
Chester looked at everyone except for Cheryl and said threateningly, "You guys better treat my leader well, you hear? Or all of you will be in for it!" 
Everyone: ".." 
After speaking, Chester looked at Cheryl cheerfully and then suddenly leaned in close to her.He lowered his voice and said, "By the way, Justin wants me to remind you that it’s Nora's birthday this month" 
"Got it.Cheryl sighed silently.Her dad celebrated her mom's birthday grandly every year.Her mom clearly didn't like it, but her dad insisted that life was about having a sense of ceremony, so she was also forced to prepare birthday gifts for her mom every year.Sigh, how troublesome.After the exchange, Chester left in the car.He had moved to San Francisco for good.Not only was he near the club, but he could also escape the Hunts’ control. 
Life couldn't get any better. 
After he left, the way Lionel and the others looked at Cheryl changed. 
Zac was even convinced that Cheryl must be related to the Smiths in New York. 
Otherwise, a Hunt would never put up with her temper. 
But soon, he didn't have the time or leisure to think about Cheryl's identity because...! Something had happened to their club again! It was also about Cheryl this time...
The next morning, social media went into an uproar. 
Someone had taken photos of Chester leaving the club the previous night, and the person who had posted the photos even maliciously edited the photos before posting them online. 
Everyone was now secretly saying that Cheryl had only wormed her way into the club by relying on her feminine wiles. 
They even called Cheryl a homewrecker. 
After all, most people knew that Chester was married. 
The head coach was furious. 
Lionel was puzzled. 
"We all know this isn't true.Besides, it's obvious that the photos are Photoshopped.What are you panicking about?" 
The head coach glared at Lionel and then said, "Boss was whispering into Cheryl's ear in the photo.The two of them are too close to each other physically...I'm afraid that Mr.Hunt's wife will see the photo.How do you think she'll look at the photo?" 
Lionel: "” 
The head coach sighed. 
"If the boss' wife asks me to fire Cheryl, should I fire her or not?" 
Lionel: "!" 
The head coach looked at him.
"Also, although we all know the truth, can Cheryl guarantee that it will not affect her? She is also good friends with the boss in the game.I'm afraid that this incident will affect their friendship! This may seem like a terrible move on their end, but they are going for a psychological attack! "The qualifiers are about to start, and it's highly likely that we'll be matched with Club JQ right in the qualifiers.What if Cheryl becomes emotionally unstable at this time and doesn't perform well in the competition?" 
While the head coach was worrying over this, a voice reached them from outside. 
"Coach, this is terrible! Boss and his wife are here!" 
The head coach: "!" 
Lionel panicked. 
"What should we do? The lady boss is here...Will she really make things difficult for God C? I'll take God C and go into hiding right away!" 
Even Zac broke into a frown and looked worried this time. 
To be honest, when their boss and that kid leaned in so close to each other that day, he had found their actions rather inappropriate. 
After all, men and women should keep a respectable distance from each other, and it wasn't like they were family... 
Amid their worry, Chester openly walked into the room.
###Chapter 1031 
Chester's Niece? Everyone in the training room looked serious and on guard. 
Lionel looked at Cheryl worriedly. 
Cheryl looked at the door. 
Like Chester, his wife was also the daughter of a rich family, the kind that mucked around and did nothing purposeful in life.She was cheerful and magnanimous. 
As soon as she entered, her eyes immediately fell on Cheryl and she said, "God C, I've come to visit you!" 
Everyone in the club: "!!!!!!!!!" 
As expected, the lady boss was here for God C.However, Cheryl stood and greeted her politely. 
"Hi, Aunty." 
Everyone: "" 
Everyone looked at Cheryl in disbelief, all of them incredulous that she had called the other woman "Aunty". 
Even if she was reluctant to call her "Mrs.Hunt’, she should at least have used something that sounded younger! The lady boss wasn't even thirty yet! "Hey, don't call me that!" 
The lady boss suddenly became stern. 
See? As expected, it made her angry! Lionel immediately took a step forward with a big smile.
However, just as he was about to speak, the lady boss said cheerfully, "Call me Kitty!" 
Everyone: “..." 
The corners of Cheryl's lips spasmed. 
Both her aunt and uncle were equally undependable. 
The couple had often made her game with them in the past, and her aunt's nickname in the game was none other than "Kitty". 
She coughed. 
"Why are you here?" 
Everyone in the club: "!!!" 
Lionel felt like Cheryl looked just like a conversation killer right now. 
This was their club! Why couldn't they come over?! Yet, for some reason, the lady boss was still smiling brightly.She said, "I saw the trending topics on social media, so I came over to visit you.Those people sure are gossipy.They are not scared to spout all kinds of nonsense...Your relationship with Chester..." 
Before she could even finish, Lionel hastily interrupted her and said, "They are gaming friends! Nothing else!" 
The lady boss: "" 
She raised her eyebrows and looked at Chester. 
Chester winked at her.
When the incident broke out after he returned home the day before, his wife had insisted on coming over to clarify matters as she was afraid that the people in the club would misunderstand Cheryl. 
He had told her that it wasn't necessary—after all, he could already tell from his visit the day before that his leader was most definitely the favorite in the club— but his wife refused to believe him and simply insisted on coming over...See? Her teammates treated her incredibly well! Right at this moment, Cheryl's aunt's cell phone started ringing. 
Her aunt could only give them an apologetic look and pick up her cell phone. 
But when she saw the caller's name on the screen, she raised her eyebrows. 
"Who is it?" A concerned Chester glanced at her phone. 
"It's Jimy" 
His wife explained, "She played pretty well as a support class previously.You don't like me playing with guys, so I played two rounds with her.We added each other on Facebook after that" 
"Oh- Even though Chester wasn't bothered, he nevertheless heaved a sigh of relief. 
Cheryl's aunt picked up the phone. 
The voice of Jimy, who was from Club JQ, rang out at the other end of the phone. 
"Hi, Mrs.Hunt.Are you okay?" 
Cheryl's aunt: "" 
Baffled at the other woman's question, she replied, "I'm doing pretty well!" 
However, Jimy continued as though she didn't hear her.
"You don't have to hold yourself back in front of me.We are friends, after all...No, wait, have you looked at Facebook yet?" 
But right after saying that, Jimy acted as if she had said something she shouldn't have and said, "I'm sorry, Mrs.Hunt.Mr.Hunt must have forbidden you from spending too much time on your cell phone since you just gave birth recently...I shouldn't have said so much..." 
Her actions screamed hypocrisy. 
Cheryl's aunt said straightforwardly, "Alright, that's enough.You must be referring to Cheryl, the female member of our club, right?" 
"Oh, you're aware?’ Jimy began to console her. 
"Cheer up!" 
"But I'm not upset!" 
Jimy said, "I know you must be upset, so you really don't have to pretend that you're not.Anyone would be upset if their husband cheated on them when they've just given birth to his child...Of course, I'm not saying that Mr.Hunt must have cheated on you.He would never do anything like that.It must have been Cheryl who seduced him instead.Besides, she probably hasn't succeeded yet..." 
"What the f*ck?! What did you just say? Cheryl seduced Chester?" 
Cheryl's aunt's voice suddenly rose.Everyone in the club turned to look at her. 
Lionel, Zac, and Benjamin tensed up at once, afraid that the other party would successfully sow discord between the lady boss and Cheryl.
Chonk walked over to Cheryl and whispered, "Come on, God C! Hurry up and explain everything to her!" 
"What am I supposed to explain?" asked Cheryl. 
Chonk: "?" 
Everyone else: "?" 
On the phone, Jimy was still going on. 
"Calm down, I'm sure there's nothing between the two of them.Don't worry!" 
"Of course I'm not worried!" 
Cheryl's aunt sneered and said, "Why would anything ever happen between the two of them?" 
Her words made everyone in the club heave a sigh of relief.It seemed that the lady boss trusted God C very much. 
Phew... 
However, the next moment, everyone's eyes widened in shock. 
The lady boss shouted angrily, "Don't you dare add fuel to the fire! Do you think I'm not aware of your purpose in calling me? Do you think you can do anything you want just because you've joined Club JQ? Who do you think you are?" 
Jimy pretended to be aggrieved and said, "Mrs.Hunt, I know you must be frustrated and depressed, but you shouldn't lose your temper at me.Mr.Hunt comes from a very good family.Although he is not a direct descendant of the Hunts, he shares a good relationship with the current head of the family.I know you'll definitely want to keep this matter under wraps and deal with it together with him...but you
shouldn't let yourself suffer in vain! You can kick up a bit of a fuss and at least get Mr.Hunt to kick that woman out of the club..." 
Cheryl's aunt interrupted her again. 
"What do you mean by ‘that woman’? She's only fifteen! She's still a child! Also, who would freaking dare to kick Chester's niece out of the club"
###Chapter 1032
Chapter 1032 See You At the Competition! Her words stunned the other party right away. 
The club also fell completely silent in an instant. 
Lionel, who had been worrying about Cheryl, looked at her in surprise when he heard what the lady boss said. 
Then, he looked at Chester... 
Cheryl and Peter shared identical facial features. 
Though they were indistinguishable from each other when they were children, now that they had grown up, it was now possible to tell one apart from the other. 
After all, Peter was already starting to go through a growth spurt and was now half a head taller than Cheryl. 
They were only fifteen years old now, so he would only grow taller in the future. 
The older Peter became, the more he resembled Justin. 
Cheryl's facial features were very similar to Justin's, except that they were gentler and younger. 
Despite her young age, she was already a stunning beauty, and it was obvious that she would become a second Brenda once she grew up 70% of the twins’ appearance took after their father's. 
Therefore, if one looked closely, they would see that Cheryl and Chester did resemble each other somewhat. 
Wasn't Cheryl's last name Smith, though? How could she possibly be a Hunt? On the phone, Jimy was also stunned.
"W-what did you say, Mrs.Hunt? But...but her last name is Smith!" 
Cheryl's aunt sneered. 
"Can't she take her mother's surname?! You fool! In my opinion, you shouldn't stay in the club anymore.That place doesn't suit you." 
After saying that, she hung up. 
However, she went on after hanging up and said, "What a foolish woman.Doesn't she know who she is messing with? To think she had the guts to call me...Chester, call Club JQ immediately and tell them to fire Jimy.Look at how much trouble they have caused God C all because of that woman?" 
... 
It's not quite appropriate of us to bully others like this, right?" asked Chester. 
Cheryl's aunt sneered and asked, "Do you know what I love the most?" 
"What?" 
"Bullying others." 
Chester had long since wanted to do this, but he didn't dare to reveal Cheryl's identity to the public. 
After all, Justin had never once publicly announced anything in order to protect his three children... 
If he kicked up a fuss, wouldn't he end up exposing Cheryl's identity? But since his wife had said so, then it must be alright for him to do so. 
Chester picked up his cell phone and called Club JQ immediately.
"Have you had enough yet? I want you to fire Jimy immediately! Otherwise, Club JQ will cease to exist." 
"Why? Ha, because she called my wife and made her angry!" 
After saying this, Chester hung up.While Chester was on the phone, Cheryl's aunt was also talking to the rest of the team cheerfully. 
"Do you know why my niece took her mother's last name?" 
By then, Lionel and the others were already numb to further shocks, and their brains were not even functioning anymore. 
"Because she's hiding her identity, of course! My niece wants a quiet, peaceful life without any disturbances.Get it?" 
Lionel and the others nodded. 
On the side, when Zac saw this, he couldn't help but hold his forehead. 
The guys in the team were so shocked by Cheryl's identity that they didn’t even understand what the lady boss was trying to say. 
He kept quiet for a while and then said, "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone about it." 
Only then did Lionel and the others react. 
They nodded hurriedly and echoed, "Yeah, we won't tell anyone!" 
Lionel then asked, "But what about Jimy?"
The lady boss smiled and replied, "Don't worry, she's a smart one.She knows that there are things she can say and things she can't" 
Even though she had offended her in this industry, things weren't that bad for her. 
At the very least, she could continue live-streaming even after she was kicked out of the club. 
However, if she told outsiders that she had offended the Hunts...then she could forget about making a living in other industries, too. 
Zac understood this very quickly. 
Rather, it was Lionel and the others who didn't understand how such things worked in the wealthy circle. 
Regardless, they didn’t probe any further. 
The lady boss was always right anyway! As they had a month-old infant at home, Chester and his wife didn't stay long at the club. 
They left shortly. 
Ten minutes later. 
Lionel, who was scrolling through Facebook, smiled and said, "Did you see? Jimy has made a post saying that she is quitting Club JQ because gaming is ultimately not something for her" 
Club JQ had also posted on Facebook and announced that they had terminated their contract with Jimy, citing incompatibility issues as the reason. 
Surprisingly enough, their fans didn't show much of a reaction.
After all, few girls played professionally in the first place. 
Some clubs had tried using this as a gimmick before, but it had ultimately failed. 
Jimy's departure made Club JQ fans breathe sighs of relief instead. 
The trending news about Cheryl and Chester had also died down without anyone realizing it. 
In fact, there wasn't even any news about them anywhere on Facebook. 
It was as if the incident had never happened. 
However, in order to prevent similar incidents, they nevertheless secretly released a piece of news to the public—Cheryl and Chester were relatives! As the piece of news died down before it even gained traction, few noticed it. 
However, Club HS fans were a little worried. 
They went to Club HS' and the members’ Facebook pages and left messages. 
‘For the sake of the championship, shouldn't we cancel Cheryl?’ 
‘Club JQ has already terminated their contract with Jimy.Why don't you guys do it, too? Girls really are a bit lacking when it comes to e-sports:’ 
‘I'm not looking down on girls here; I'm a girl myself.But girls’ reflexes really aren't as quick as boys’. 
Are you guys really not going to consider the suggestion?’ 
‘Are you guys planning on giving up the championship this year because you've won for so many years?’ 
Members of other clubs on good terms with Club HS also at-mentioned Zac in their respective group chats. 
It was common for people to switch teams during their time as professional e-sports players, so there wasn't much hostility between members of different clubs. 
The captains of the various teams had created a group chat each. 
The captains of the other teams were all trying to persuade him in their group chats. 
‘It really is very tough to win with girls on the team" 
‘No matter how good you are as a jungler, it won't do to have a support class holding you back, Zac: Everyone had, by default, assumed that Cheryl was playing as a support class. 
‘..Hey, quit it, guys.I heard through the grapevine that the girl is related to their boss.I reckon she's probably the daughter of a wealthy family somewhere who's just out to have some fun. 
We won't hold back during the competition, though: ‘Yeah, let the rich little princess know about the sinister nature of the world! Even Zac won't be able to carry her, but still bring the team victory!" 
E-sports gaming was a team effort. 
No matter how strong one's individual ability was, if the team had a weak link, it would still be tough for them to win. 
However, this was also where the charm of e-sports was. 
Zac looked at the group chat messages that were either showing concern or issuing challenges and then looked up at the girl currently seated in front of the computer tapping away on her pink keyboard seriously.
He smiled and wrote: ‘I'm not carrying the kid: As soon as he sent the reply, everyone got ready to comfort him. 
However, before they could, they saw his next message: ‘The kid is the one carrying the team: ‘See you guys at the competition. 
Everyone: "" 
Three days later, the competition officially started, and Club HS ushered to their very first battle!?!!!!
###Chapter 1033
Chapter 1033: God C! 
For the first game of the new season, the organizers hosted an opening event where they invited stars to perform. 
Many clubs sent representatives for the event. 
Coaches would usually just attend such events with a random member of the team as the purpose of showing up was simply to show their appreciation to the organizers. 
However, as Club HS was up in the first round after drawing lots to determine the order, as well as because Zac was simply so popular in the circle, all the members accompanying their coaches turned out to be the captains of their teams. 
All the competitors were resting backstage. 
The captains gathered and started a discussion. 
"Club HS is so unlucky to be up against Club JQ again right in the first round. 
"I heard Club JQ found a new member to play as support right after Jimy quit, and the support plays so much better than her! They are also ranked pretty high in the local server..." 
"Yeah, my team played against them in a training match yesterday." 
"How did it go?" 
"Club JQ has become even stronger." 
The entire group fell silent, all somewhat worried for Club HS.
Be it Zac, Lionel, or even their retired ex-gunner, all the Club HS members were on good terms with the others. 
However, Club JQ members were somewhat seen as black sheep among the players. 
They often head-hunted people from other teams— and even players from other countries—by offering high remuneration. 
They stopped at nothing to win. 
When Club HS recruited a female team member, they had also immediately recruited Jimy, all because they were determined not to be outdone. 
They wanted the top spot in everything and were willing to leech off anybody's popularity. 
To be honest, everyone disliked them. 
Unfortunately, during the last season, the wrist injury that Club HS’ ex-gunner previously suffered had returned to plague him, leading to him making a mistake in the finals. 
He had then been killed by Club JQ's jungler immediately, resulting in Club HS losing the final round of the team battle and Club JQ emerging as the champion. 
There was no room for mistakes in team battles. 
Everyone was unhappy with Club JQ, and no one ever considered them worthy of their title as champion. 
"What is Club HS going to do" 
"With their new support being a rookie, they're going to lose for sure...Besides, Chonk, who plays as support, didn't play very well when he played as a gunner previously either.That was why he switched
to a support class instead.When you spend enough time as a support, you'll end up habitually protecting your teammates.Do you think people like that would play recklessly?" 
While they were deep in the discussion, Zac pushed open the door.They were all friends with one another, after all. 
Since he was aware that the captains were all here, there was no doubt that Zac would drop by to say hi. 
As soon as he entered the room, the other captains all cast him a pitying glance, which baffled Zac a little. 
He raised his eyebrows and asked, "What's wrong?" 
Someone immediately asked, "Why didn't your team recruit a gunner when they were looking for new members?" 
"Yeah, if you had recruited a gunner instead, a certain somebody wouldn't have been able to join, even if she had all the connections in the world.Even your boss understands that an important position like that is no laughing matter..." 
"Sigh.Speaking of gunners, someone comes to mind right away. 
"I also thought of someone..." 
"Me too..." 
"Me..." 
"Drop the 'Me too’.I know who you're all talking about! We've been dominated by her for so many years.Aren't you guys sick of it yet? You can just say her name—God C!"
"Hahaha! The mention of her name makes me panic." 
"Me too..." 
When Cheryl was a child, she often encountered professional players when she reached the highest tier in the rankings. 
On occasions when her teammates weren't strong enough, she liked to play against them one-on-one. 
A good number of professional players had loved dueling one-on-one with her back then. 
Even their coaches had ordered them to play one- on-one with her. 
Because! One-on-one duels with her were no different from grueling training sessions for movement practice! Even though she was a gunner, she could still avoid all the assassins and dish out a counter- kill! With the way she moved and her reflexes, even the head coaches found it a shame that she didn't play as an assassin. 
But when they thought about it again, it was true that the gunner made up the core of a team.She would indeed be the strongest if she played as a gunner... 
Everyone present was a professional player who had made a name for themselves during the last five to six years, and all of them had experienced the era of God C's domination in the game. 
There had even been a rumor among professional players back then: Players who wanted to be on the starter team must play one-on-one against God C at least 50 times! This was the only way to train one's mental resilience! Before anyone realized it, God C had already become an insurmountable obstacle in their hearts. 
At the mention of God C, everyone became pumped up, and they started chatting about how she had trounced them so badly back then.
Toward the end, someone said, "That's why we all thought that your whale of a boss would definitely invite God C to join Club HS after your ex-gunner retired!" 
After all, Chester had built up Club HS' reputation as a filthy rich team with real money! 
Zac: "..." 
He kept quiet and said nothing. 
Well, the kid would have to introduce herself when she went on stage later anyway. 
When that happened, she would most definitely astound these guys. 
Heh, were they looking down on the kid? 
"That's impossible." 
One of the captains said, "Think about it, God C was already dominating the game ten years ago, so she must already be past the ideal age for a professional player.Her reflexes must have already declined" 
The others nodded at once. 
"That's true.The optimal age for a player is between 16 and 24 years old.Zac can probably play until he's 26, but for people like us, things will probably start going downhill from as early as 22!" 
Zac was currently 23 years old, but he was still in his prime. 
"Forget it, the list has already been finalized anyway.Let's not trigger him with talk of God C anymore.That said, you now have a little princess instead of God C in your team, Zac.You guys won't end up trying to protect a support class like her during the competition, will you?"
"Wasn't there a saying that goes something like... 
"You can lose the game, but you mustn't let the princess die’?" 
"Actually, that would work, too.You guys can afford to lose a few matches here and there anyway.By the time you guys lose enough matches, I'm sure your boss would also have understood.He'll definitely find a replacement then.I reckon the little princess will probably go home once she's had her fill with playing too..." 
"But this doesn't change the fact that we're here to watch you get thrashed by your opponent in the match today, hahaha!" 
Now that all of them were joking around, the things they said also changed. 
The corners of Zac's lips curled into a smile, and he patted the shoulder of the person closest to him. 
"That may not necessarily happen, though. 
"What?" 
However, Zac decided to leave them on a cliffhanger.He said, "Open your eyes wide and watch the match carefully. 
After speaking, he stood up and said, "Alright, I'm off.It's the kid's first time participating in the competition, so I'm afraid she may be nervous." 
Everyone: *.." 
His tone was so indulgent.
Those who didn't know any better would have thought he was talking about his girlfriend instead! All of them exchanged looks with one another. 
After Zac left, they thought about it and asked, "Has Zac been corrupted by money?" 
"It's possible..." 
"Hahaha! Well, that makes sense.Families related to the Hunts must also be very powerful.That girl probably has quite an impressive background.Zac eventually has to inherit his family's property, so it's about time he starts planning for the future..." 
"No wonder Zac agreed to let the little princess into the team..." 
"Sigh.I feel like the spirit of the game would change once even Zac bows down to money" 
Everyone fell silent. 
Gaming competitions were becoming increasingly commercialized. 
However, these captains hadn't been focused on making money back when they started playing; rather, all they had on their minds was winning the game. 
Among them, Zac upheld his moral boundaries the most. 
Should he of all people also decide to compromise, they didn't know if they could persevere in the game for much longer... 
Just as a gloomy atmosphere took over the room, the performance on stage ended. 
The competition was finally starting! The host began to introduce the participants. 
One by one, Club HS members went on stage.
Suddenly, someone noticed something amiss. 
"Look, why does that team seem kinda off?" 
Teams generally lined up according to their roles in the game. 
Mages fought in the middle lane, so they would also stand in the middle...So, why was that pretty girl standing in the second place from the left? That position wasn't for support classes! Everyone panicked. 
"Is the new member not a support class?" 
"Going by the position, she's definitely a gunner!" 
"Good lord, the little princess wants to be a gunner...Well, if you think about it, that makes sense.What's the fun in playing as a support class? Rich players love looking for good players to protect them while they play as gunners anyway. 
In such cases, those players even have to give them their kills!" 
Just as everyone became gloomier and gloomier, one of the captains suddenly exclaimed, "F*ck! Look!" 
"At what?" 
"Look at her game ID!" 
Cheryl's game ID had appeared above her head: HS - c
###Chapter 1034
Chapter 1034: What's Important is That She Had Participated! 
Everyone was shocked and dumbfounded.Someone couldn't help but ask, "I-is that the same C I'm thinking of" 
"T-that’s God C? No way...Is God C really a girl?" 
None of them dared to say any more, for fear that they would have to eat their words later on. 
They had originally only shown up to show Zac support, but in this instant, they suddenly felt like they had made the right decision to come! The competition was streamed live online. 
None of them saw that the comments had already gone into an uproar. 
'C? ‘Why does that name look so strange and familiar?’ 
‘Dude, you need a crash course on God C the dominator: ‘Why did the little princess of Club HS give herself a name like that? Is she trying to imitate God C? 
' ‘What nonsense! Game IDs are unique! Duplicate names are not allowed! Did the little princess buy God C's account?’ 
‘Exactly.God C was already playing this game ten years ago, but the little princess looks just like an elementary school student. 
There's no way she's already 20 years old: ‘There is information about Cheryl in the club! She is 15 years old this year! Amid the discussion, the match started.And then...everyone found themselves dumbfounded once more. 
The comments went into yet another uproar.
‘F*ck! C's moves totally dazzled me just now! ‘Are those movements even humanly possible?’ 
‘She was clearly about to die.How did she manage that counter-kill with so little HP?’ 
‘Club JQ should have realized how powerful she is by now! That's why four of them tried to surround her just now. 
God C, who was terrified at the time, thought to herself, ‘Guys, hurry up! Four of the enemies are on their own! I've surrounded them!" 
‘Hahahaha!’ 
Off-stage, in the area where the captains were, nobody dared to say anything. 
After all, Cheryl's moves in the game were all too familiar. 
None of them had any doubts anymore. 
Still, someone couldn't help but ask, "So, God C was just an elementary student when she thrashed us in the game back then?" 
"Ugh, shut up.I'm so embarrassed that I want to bury myself in a hole right now." 
"Here's a piece of good news, guys," someone suddenly said. 
Everyone looked at him, whereupon he said, "God C took her college entrance examinations this year, so the ones who were thrashed by her during the last three years didn't get thrashed by an elementary school student..." 
"Get lost!"
"I can't imagine how young God C must have been when she struck fear into all of us back then.Gradually, everyone started to accept the truth.One of the captains sighed and said, "Zac is already difficult enough to deal with.Now that they also have God C on their side, there's no doubt that Club HS will win the competition this season." 
Everyone fell speechless for a while. 
When Club HS' ex-gunner retired, everyone had been ecstatic and thought that they finally had a chance at victory! But Club JQ had beaten them immediately. 
Now that the new season had started, everyone was all geared up to vie for the title of champion, but in the end... 
God C had shown up! Did they even have any chance left?! However, someone soon recovered and declared, "My team will definitely take second place this year!" 
Even if they couldn't win Club HS, it didn’t mean that they couldn't win against others! Everyone instantly found back the feeling they had when they first played the game! Besides, what was the big deal about God C anyway? She might have given them a beating back then, but it was how time for them to get their revenge on the battlefield! Passion was eternal in e-sports players! They would never admit defeat! Passion surged in the captains once more. 
Full of fighting spirit, it was as though they had found the aspirations they had when they first entered the industry back then. 
Cheryl had absolutely no idea what kind of impact her presence had brought to that group of e-sports players eroded by commercialism. 
All she knew was...
Club JQ was awfully weak. 
After a month of training, her coordination with her teammates had become so smooth that the match against Club JQ was completely effortless for them. 
After winning the third match in a row, Cheryl looked at the others perplexedly. 
"How did you guys lose last season?" 
Everyone: ".." 
They felt humiliated! Why did it feel so good to be humiliated by God C, though? Well, it was mainly because their match had simply gone so smoothly this time, so they had given all the coins to God C and allowed her to groom them further. 
In the past, they were worried that the gunner would be assassinated, but now they could completely trust God C! With this battle, almost everybody could foresee what was going to happen in the future. 
Netizens were already starting to take notice of Cheryl. 
First, she had achieved a score of 1598 in her college entrance examinations.This was undoubtedly the highest score in the country this year.Few could achieve a score like that, even in the New York circle.Then, there was God C of e-sports... 
Originally, only those in the e-sports circle had paid attention to this incident. 
However, it gradually blew up and started to attract a great deal of attention. 
Everyone swarmed to Cheryl's Facebook page and began to leave messages. 
‘God C, what's your secret to having good grades and being a powerhouse player?’
‘Does this mean that even geniuses should work hard?’ While they were asking her questions, a number of people also popped up and started to recount Cheryl's journey of accomplishments.Someone made a post on Facebook, which attracted all the netizens’ attention. 
‘Tam Cheryl's classmate.She grew up abroad, so even when she was ten years old, her studies were a complete mess. 
Every time the exams came around, she either handed in blank papers or got all the questions wrong.She also never once realized that all her knowledge was wrong... 
But when she was ten years old, God C suddenly turned around and started to study hard. 
In the first year, she skipped a grade to the fifth, and in the second year, she went to high school. 
She pretty much did in five years what we would take twelve years to do.." 
As soon as the news came out, all the netizens were astounded. 
Wasn't this a classic example of a bottom-feeder launching a counter-attack?! It couldn't get any more inspiring! Everyone had already imagined for themselves how hard God C must have worked during those five years. 
However, at this point, a player in the game stepped forward and posted a record of how much time God C had spent in the game during the last five years. 
Thanks to this, everyone now knew that God C went online for three hours every day for the past five years... 
Didn't she need sleep at all? At this point, Cheryl went online. 
When she saw everyone asking about her schedule, she posted a reply.
Cheryl: "Yes, I have been very hardworking all this time. 
Every single day during the last five years, I only slept ten hours, exercised for two, played games for three, studied for five hours, and practiced shooting for ten minutes.." 
The entire Internet fell into silence. 
Hardworking? Yeah, right! How many people had to sacrifice sleep and wake up at the crack of dawn, spending all their time studying just so they could enroll in a good university? Yet she had achieved that with just five hours of studying a day for five years... 
Was she trying to crush everyone's hopes or what?! People did notice that she had mentioned "shooting", though. 
Someone asked: ‘God G, do you like shooting? Are you a professional?’ 
Cheryl: ‘Yeah, I am! I am on the national team! I also like skiing, running, ice-skating.." 
At this point, the national team also made a post on Facebook announcing the list of athletes participating in the Olympic Games this year. 
They specially at-mentioned Cheryl in the shooting section. 
Everyone: "!!!" 
Fans of the Club HS couldn't help but start to worry. 
‘Considering how many things God G has to do, the time she has for training will definitely be greatly reduced, right? Can she really do it?’ 
"Yeah, next to shooting and studying, gaming doesn't seem that important anymore.What exactly is God C the best at? I'm so worried!"
Seeing this, Cheryl replied: ‘Don't worry, my specialty is gaming. 
The rest are just my hobbies!’ When everyone saw her reply, they all reached a tacit understanding: Yup, God C's specialty was gaming. 
Studying was something she couldn't get out of, while shooting was just a hobby. 
Also, she was just participating in the Olympics to make up numbers on the team! As a result, Cheryl's fans couldn't help but start defending her to outsiders—it didn't matter whether she won a medal in the Olympics or not. 
What was important was that she had participated in it! 
###Chapter 1035
Chapter 1035 Six Points 
What came next was a fully-packed schedule.Club HS had regular matches scheduled for the rest of the month. 
During the course of the competition, Cheryl built up an even better rapport and coordination with her teammates. 
Club HS won every single match during this one month. 
However... 
When everyone heard that Cheryl was taking a week off to participate in the Olympic Games, they were shocked. 
Lionel was the first to speak. 
"We can still play as usual during your week of absence by sending ina substitute, so we don't have to worry about that.But God C, will you become rusty if you don't play for a while?" 
Chonk cocked his head sideways and asked, "Didn't you say that shooting was just a hobby? Your participation in the competition is a formality, right? You'll probably be disqualified in the first round, so you probably only need to take three days off at most.Why are you requesting a week off instead? The competition will be over by the time you're back!" 
Benjamin smacked Chonk lightly. 
"Are you dumb? God C is still teammates with the other athletes, no matter what.Even if she can't make it to the finals, she should still show support to her teammates! This is a major event.Besides, we
haven't reached the critical point of the competition yet; it's just the qualifiers right now.So, don't worry and just go for the shooting competition, God CI" 
"..Actually, I'm pretty good at shooting," said Cheryl. 
"Hahaha! Even so, can you clinch the champion title?" 
Lionel was the first to laugh. 
"Come on, stop the jokes, God C.There are so many shooting experts around.You may be impressive here, but your skills won't be much to marvel at in front of others.Still, this is something you're interested in, so we respect your decision!" 
The head coach also chimed in. 
"Yes, we will respect your decision.We will definitely be fine in the qualifiers!" 
From how the matches in the past month had gone, it was obvious that Club HS would be the champion this year. 
There was no doubt about that! Cheryl: "..." 
Forget it, she wasn't going to say any more. 
Instead, she nodded and reached out for her pink suitcase. 
However, before she could put her hand around it, Zac had already taken hold of it for her.He said, "I'll see you off." 
Their competition wasn't held in San Francisco, so they were currently staying in a hotel. 
In order to stay with her teammates, Cheryl had chosen not to move to another hotel.
All of them were staying on the same floor. 
Justin hadn't expressed any opinion about this. 
After all, she needed total focus during the competition, so it was not quite the same as the training sessions in the villa. 
"..Sure," replied Cheryl. 
The pair walked toward the elevator. 
Before they got in, Lionel called after them, "It's alright even if you don't get a medal, God C! We have a champion title waiting for you right here! Don't worry, we will definitely be the champions this year!" 
"..Wow, thanks for the encouragement," said Cheryl. 
"No problem!" 
Lionel beamed at her innocently. 
When the elevator doors closed, Chonk smacked him on the head. 
"What did you say that for?" 
Lionel replied, "Athletes who do not aim to be champions don't make good e-sports players! Everyone that does e-sports aims to win, and I'm sure that includes God C too.That's why I tried to comfort her!" 
Chonk sighed. 
"To be honest, when you consider that she can still make it onto the national team when she spends so little time training...If she used all the time she spends playing games on shooting practice instead, do you think she could win the championship?"
As soon as he said that, everyone fell silent. 
Come to think of it, what he said made sense. 
Everyone was terribly moved. 
God C definitely had the utmost dedication to e- sports! She was giving up the chance to become a world champion for the gaming competition! In that case, they must get the gold medal for God C! Lionel. 
Chonk.and Beniamin instantly became pumped up. 
"Don't worry, God C! We will be fine while you're away!" 
At the door. 
Zac loaded Cheryl's suitcase into the trunk. 
Cheryl got in the car and waved to him. 
When she was about to shut the door, Zac suddenly said, "Good luck!" 
Hm? Cheryl thought. 
She was about to speak when she saw Zac smiling at her. 
He said, "You can do it." 
Cheryl blinked in surprise and then returned the smile with one of her own. 
In order to avoid creating a stir, the club did not make any announcements about Cheryl's participation in the Olympic Games.
However, when a different gunner showed up instead of Cheryl during the next match, her absence caught everyone's attention. 
The fans panicked. 
"What's going on? Why did they change the gunner? Where's God C?" 
"The match feels so dull without God C!" 
"What are they trying to do by substituting someone else for God C at this point in time? Do they look down on their opponents that much? Are they trying to say that they can win against their opponents even if they didn't use their trump card?" 
"Of course not! Have all of you overlooked a certain upcoming event?" 
Most people into e-sports were homebodies, and it was to the extent that some weren't even concerned about real-life events and spent all their time in the game. 
However, there were still some who paid attention to popular topics in current affairs. 
Some people commented: "The Olympics have started! I remember God C saying that she's part of the national team, so she will be representing America in the Olympics! Did she go to the Olympics?" 
"What? You're right! Come on, let's see if God C competed today!" 
"She probably did, right? The women’s qualifiers are taking place today.I wonder how God C fared and whether she made it to the finals!" 
"Haha! Tell me the outcome after you guys check it out! I'm just waiting to laugh at God C now! There are over 100 athletes in the competition.Do you really think God C will make it into the top 87!"
"Well, if she does, then she can continue with the games tomorrow.If not, she can return to us and continue with the competition." 
Everybody went to check out the results of the Olympic qualifiers. 
Twenty seconds later, a comment appeared: "Okay, I'm back from checking the results.Regarding this, I have six points to raise." 
Everyone: "?"
###Chapter 1036
Chapter 1036 Champion! 
Amid all the question marks filling the screen, someone finally wrote something different. 
"I can't describe it any other way than this—she's too damn impressive!" 
"She's amazing! Cheryl Smith took first place in the qualifiers!" 
"I suspect that the two of them have the same name.How can anyone not only excel at gaming but also at shooting?" 
"Sudden thought here, but...What if Cheryl Smith turns out to be the champion?" 
That's right, Cheryl had taken first place in the qualifiers and successfully made it through to the finals. 
Once the finals were over, which would be held the next day, she would receive the medal. 
Cheryl's fans started chatting in the forums. 
"Don't go around bragging online just yet, guys! Stay low-key! Low-key, you hear?!" 
"Yeah, the girl might have lucked out in the qualifiers, that's all.If we start bragging and she doesn't win tomorrow, it'll be really embarrassing!" 
"Cheryl is still young! It's okay even if she doesn't win this time! She can always try again after four years!" 
"Yeah! You're right!" 
As for the Club HS members, after they easily won the match, the host couldn't help but ask Lionel during an interview, "Do you have any comments about Ms.Cheryl Smith's participation in the Olympic
Games?" 
Lionel, who was completely unaware that Cheryl had already cleared the qualifiers, smiled and replied, "Well, what matters is that she gained some experience by participating, right? God C is cooped up in the club with us all the time.There's only so much energy one can have.Since her talent has gone to gaming, it's a given that she won't do as well in other areas...That's perfectly understandable, no?" 
He cleared his throat and added, "Besides, Cheryl is still young, so do be patient with her.We'll eventually compete on a global scale after this, so we can clinch a world championship title for everyone too!" 
The host: "" 
Utterly bemused, she looked at Lionel and asked, "UN...Haven't you looked at Ms.Smith's results in the qualifiers?" 
Lionel, who was even more lost than her, replied, "Yeah, the match just ended, so I haven't had a chance to look at my phone yet.I was told to come here for the interview immediately.What's the matter? Did she rank too low? But that's perfectly understandable, isn't it? People shouldn't be so demanding toward kids!" 
The host kept quiet for a while. 
Then, she tried to give him a hint and asked, "Seeing that Ms.Smith has ranked first in the qualifiers, how confident do you feel about her taking the champion title tomorrow?" 
Lionel: "" 
Lionel felt like he was dreaming even as he walked down from the stage.He pinched himself hard, the pain making him inhale sharply.
Only then did he turn to Zac in disbelief. 
"Hey, Zac.Just what kind of genius have we recruited?!" 
The answer to his question came the next day— Cheryl was the champion!! An uproar went through the whole country! Cheryl's fans were incredibly excited. 
"Oh my god! I only became a fan because she's so pretty.What kind of unbelievable person have I become a fan of, though?!" 
""Nation-wide top scorer in the college entrance examinations, a godlike player in games, and a champion in shooting? Dear Lord, any one of those titles is enough to brand one successful in life.God C is unbelievable!" 
"God C is no human; she's a god!" 
At the same time! A proud Harvard University official also posted on their Facebook page: "We await the champion." 
The moment they made the post, people swarmed to it. 
The staff of MIT also raised a furor. 
Over at the student admissions office, the head of the department sorely wished he could turn back time. 
Why on earth had they allowed students to take care of their official Facebook page?! Great, not only was Cheryl the top scorer, but she was also a world champion now. 
If she had picked their school, their reputation would have been so much greater than Harvard! To save the situation—as well as to prevent the department head from holding him accountable for the farce—
one of the teachers in the admissions office smiled and said, "Tsk, those things can only help us in terms of our reputation.The student that we recruited this year is the one who will bring us actual benefits.Don't forget, he's from the Stannards in New York!" 
MIT had recruited the heir to a conglomerate this time. 
He hadn't even started his studies at the university, yet he had already sponsored a good number of the university's research projects! In addition, he had also promised strategic partnerships with MIT that would last numerous years! Recruiting him had granted MIT tremendous tangible benefits. 
When the head of the admissions office heard the teacher, he felt a bit better. 
After all, it wasn't like Harvard University enjoyed similar benefits... 
However, his mood had only just improved a little when the expression of a teacher, who was scrolling through Facebook, suddenly changed dramatically. 
She stammered, "S-sir, someone just revealed Cheryl Smith's background..."
###Chapter 1037
Chapter 1037 Why Didn't Cheryl's Mom Take Her Studies Seriously? 
When the head of MIT's student admissions office heard her, he couldn't help but turn to her. 
"What's the big deal? It's not like her background can possibly be more amazing than our student's?" 
For her to train in shooting since she was a child, she must come from pretty wealthy family background. 
Not many had the chance to try shooting as a sport. 
However, the thought had only just formed when the teacher jumped to her feet. 
Close to tears, she said, "It certainly is more amazing—she's a Hunt." 
"What?!" 
The head of the department exclaimed at once. 
The almighty netizens had indeed dug up Cheryl's family background. 
However, this wasn't to the netizens’ credit but that of a certain somebody who couldn't resist showing off his daughter. 
This said person had "accidentally" spilled the beans. 
Mr.Justin "Slave To His Daughter" 
Hunt, who had now transformed into Justin "Proud Daddy" 
Hunt, had outright given all the employees of Hunt Corporation bonus pay equivalent to a month's salary.
When asked about the reason for the bonus, he merely replied cryptically, "I'm in a good mood." 
"Why are you in such a good mood?" Someone asked cautiously. 
He'd initially thought that the cool and aloof CEO wouldn't answer him, but unexpectedly, Justin smiled and asked, "Have you heard of Cheryl Smith?" 
"Yes! She's our first gold medalist this year! She—" 
The man, who was also watching the Olympic Games, was about to sing Cheryl's praises when Justin said, "She's my daughter!" 
The subordinate: "!!!" 
He immediately launched into a crazy bout of flattery, which made Justin so giddy with glee that he nodded and said, "Exactly.Neither of the two lousy boys at home can compare to my daughter! My little girl is the best." 
The subordinate: "..." 
Peter had only joined the company this year, and judging from the CEO's actions, he was intending to have him take over the company next year! He was such an outstanding young man. 
Not only did he achieve a perfect score on the college entrance examinations at the tender age of ten and complete his university education in two years, but he also completed his double Master's degree in three years. 
On top of that, he even successfully applied for a doctorate! In addition, it was said that the Al system designed by Peter was equipped with the ability to think autonomously.
This would undoubtedly revolutionize the world of IT engineering! Was there anyone who wouldn't be impressed by someone like that? Though Cheryl had clinched a gold medal and brought glory to the country, Peter's achievements had allowed the country's technological advancements to progress beyond what was thought possible! But if the CEO said so, then... 
With that, every Hunt Corporation employee now knew that Cheryl was Justin's daughter! Had it just been the core employees in the know, the secret wouldn't have spread. 
However, it was obvious that Justin wanted people to know, so everybody automatically began to spread the news about Cheryl to outsiders. 
Just to celebrate their little princess’ victory, the Hunt Corporation's official Facebook page even held a giveaway that rewarded 1,000 lucky winners with $1,500 each. 
Given the fanfare they were making, wasn't it obvious that Cheryl's family background would be exposed? An uproar went through the Internet. 
There was a Facebook post introducing all the members of Cheryl's family: "Here's an introduction to Cheryl Smith's family." 
"I'm sure everybody already knows this, but Cheryl herself is a Harvard student." 
"Cheryl's father is the CEO of Hunt Corporation and the holder of three Master's degrees." 
"Her elder brother, Peter Hunt, is the valedictorian who achieved a perfect score on the college entrance examinations at the age of ten, five years ago. 
After graduating from university in just two years, he went on to further his education. 
It is said that the young man, who is a genius in the IT field, will soon take over Hunt Corporation! "Alexander Yale, also her elder brother, was admitted to Harvard University at the age of thirteen and
has graduated with a degree in medicine.He is also the youngest surgeon ever and his hands are said to be insured for millions of dollars. 
"Her paternal grandfather... 
"Her paternal grandmother... 
"Her maternal grandfather... 
"Her maternal grandmother..." 
Although Justin's father was somewhat of a jerk, it was undeniable that he had graduated from an Ivy League university back then. 
Iris, lan, and Yvette didn't need further elaboration, either—their academic qualifications were no secret. 
It wasn't difficult to look them up. 
This information was all on Wikipedia, and someone had collated and publicly posted it. 
When netizens saw the post, they became incredibly excited. 
As expected. 
intelligence ran in the family for star students! What a family of geniuses! However, among the envious and idolizing comments, a joking comment appeared: "why didn't Cheryl Smith's mom attend school properly?" 
Compared to the group of big bosses with excellent academic qualifications, there was indeed nothing about Cheryl's mother.
Nobody could even find out which schools she had attended. 
After all, Nora had never officially attended school her whole life. 
Therefore, she didn't leave any academic records. 
The person who posted the comment was actually just joking, and it should have blown over after eliciting some laughter. 
Alas, people found the joke especially amusing, so the comment instantly garnered more Likes than the actual Facebook post itself, continuing all the way until it reached over a million Likes! The hashtag #WhyDidntCherylsMomGoToSchool started to trend. 
When Nora suddenly saw the news after she woke up she was utterly bewildered. 
###Chapter 1038
Chapter 1038: A Birthday Party Filled With Big Bosses 
Nora wasn’t going to hold it against the netizens, though. 
After all, they were just joking. 
She was a lot more easy-going these days. Though the sight of the news had angered Justin so much that he wanted to have the trending topic removed and delete the entire discussion online, Nora stopped him. She said, “The topic is trending at its peak right now. If you delete it, everybody will find it strange. It’s not like they are really ridiculing me anyway, so don’t take it to heart.” 
Justin narrowed his eyes, but then suddenly smiled and said, “Fine. Your birthday will be here soon, though. A lot of people are planning to visit to celebrate it. Let’s not turn them down.” 
Nora: “…” 
!! 
Honestly speaking, she couldn’t be bothered to celebrate her birthday. If she had that much time to spare, she’d rather catch up on sleep. 
But since Justin had put it that way, if she continued to turn him down, it would make her seem a little unappreciative. 
So, she nodded and replied, “Okay.” 
— 
There were still a few days to Nora’s birthday, so after Cheryl clinched the champion title, she hurriedly returned to the club for more training.
On the day of her return, Lionel and the others decorated the clubhouse in celebration of her victory. 
Although they now knew that she was a Hunt, they had indeed gotten along very well during the past month, so they didn’t shun Cheryl. 
Lionel, in particular, even wagged his brows and said, “Hey, God C. Why did you hide your true capabilities? You should have just told us that you’re a master marksman!” 
A surprised Cheryl replied, “But I’m really not that good at shooting. Dad, Mom, and my brothers all outshine me at it.” 
Lionel: “?” 
He swallowed hard. “But didn’t you say that shooting was your hobby…?” 
“Uh-huh! Shooting is my hobby, just not my favorite one. I also like skiing, jogging, long jump, and swimming. Among those hobbies, I’m the weakest at shooting. That’s why I can’t really be bothered to spend much time training in it!” 
The Olympics had age requirements for all the disciplines, but the one for shooting was the lowest, so Cheryl had participated in that. However, as every participant was only allowed to take part in three disciplines1 at the most, Cheryl would only be able to sign up for a maximum of three disciplines in the next iteration of the Olympics four years later. She was still considering what she should sign up for. 
Everyone: “” 
All of them were flabbergasted. “What are you the best at, then?” 
Cheryl raised the keyboard she was holding and replied, “Gaming, of course. Didn’t I already say so?”
“…” 
Lionel’s lip corners spasmed a little. 
Suddenly, he said, “What a shame.” 
“What’s wrong?” 
Puzzled, Cheryl cocked her head to the side. 
Lionel gave her a wry smile and replied, “Considering how smart you are, it’s a real shame that you’re not spending your time on scientific research beneficial to humanity, instead!” 
Games could indeed make one a champion. 
So could the Olympics. 
However, neither had as great an impact on humanity as scientific research. 
Lionel wasn’t looking down on gaming or the Olympics. He merely thought that if Cheryl had the ability to invent something that could benefit humanity, then wouldn’t that be a better use of her superior intelligence? 
However, Cheryl said, “…Nah, it’s not a shame!” 
Before Lionel could reply, Cheryl explained, “I’m already doing that!” 
Had Cheryl only been studying all this time? 
Nope! 
After she completed her studies, she also delved into scientific research.
For one, she was interested in human genetics. For another, the gene serum hadn’t been thoroughly destroyed and still existed in the world. Cheryl wanted to study and invent a real, proper gene serum that could bring out a human being’s potential yet not harm their genes or reduce their lifespan. 
A serum like that would be a lifesaver for a lot of patients. 
It could even improve the constitution of someone with poor health or the genes of people with hereditary diseases… 
Justin had even gotten in touch with Harvard University and sponsored a huge sum of money to set up a research project exclusive to his daughter. 
However, all that would only be set into motion after Cheryl won the gaming competition. 
As they said, slow and steady wins the race! 
Lionel: “!!!!!” 
Everyone else: “!!!!!” 
Even Zac, someone seen as a golden boy and one of the standouts in San Francisco, suddenly felt a little small next to Cheryl. 
He was an outstanding man, but compared to Cheryl’s mutant-like family members, he was a far ways off. 
— 
A few days later, it was Nora’s birthday. 
A few reporters sneaked over furtively to the entrance of the Hunts’ residence.
“Sigh, I’m surprised that news of Mrs. Hunt’s birthday was leaked. I can’t tell if the Hunts were just too careless or what…” 
“Who cares? Any photographs we take would trend anyway! Even now, the topic about why Mrs. Hunt didn’t study properly is still going viral!” 
“Yeah, what kind of sheer dumb luck was it that allowed Mrs. Hunt to marry Mr. Hunt and even give birth to such amazing kids? This must be because Mr. Hunt has superior genes! Although, I’ve heard that mothers contribute a lot to how intelligent a child is!” 
“Haha! The Hunts have totally proven how untrue this statement is.” 
“Mrs. Hunt was a Smith. The Smiths are also very clever and shockingly capable, so in terms of genetics, she must also be very intelligent. It’s just a shame because I heard she grew up in the boonies. Her talents must have gone to waste!” 
“Yeah! I also heard that she grew up in a small town in California and has never attended school… For someone like her to marry Mr. Hunt, this must be a political marriage between the Hunts and the Smiths. Mrs. Hunt is so lucky! You can pretty much say that she’s a winner in life without even needing to do anything!” 
“Shh, a guest is here. Let’s see who they are…”
###Chapter 1039
Chapter 1039: A Birthday Party Filled With Big Bosses (2) 
“Eh? Isn’t that Lisa Black, the famous neurosurgeon? Why is she here?” 
After her stint as Anti’s postgraduate student, Lisa joined the medical field immediately after graduation. She was now a well-known doctor specializing in neurology in the country. 
With her and Lily around, Nora had more or less stopped performing operations. 
She only had one operation scheduled per month. 
To keep her life quiet and peaceful, she gradually removed her identity as Anti from the public eye and slowly became low-profile. Apart from the cohorts of students from Lisa’s schooling days, there was nobody who knew about Nora’s identity as Anti now. 
!! 
However, what made Lisa well-known was that to date, she was Anti’s one and only postgraduate student. She could be said to be Anti’s direct successor. 
The reporters were astonished to see her. 
Lisa was very well-respected in the medical field and she had innumerable people in line hoping for her to operate on them or treat their illnesses. She had become particularly famous over the last two years and coincidentally had been interviewed recently, so both reporters knew who she was. 
One of them said, “I seem to recall that Dr. Black is married to Louis Smith, the sixth son of the Smiths. So, it’s not surprising that she would turn up, right?”
“That’s true. I heard that Dr. Black and Mrs. Hunt both lived in the same town in California back then. They are probably old friends.” 
“Hm, yeah, it’s perfectly normal that she would show up…” 
As the two reporters conversed with each other, another car approached. Through the window, they saw that the passenger in the car was the most famous doctor in alternative medicine practice in New York at the moment. 
He was Dr. Silvester Zabe’s grandson. 
Eight years ago, after Dr. Zabe passed away from poor health, his grandson took over the helm and began to study alternative medicine, eventually becoming the chairman of the Alternative Medicine Association in New York. 
He held an esteemed position in the circle. 
However, he had no relations to either the Smiths or the Hunts, so why was he here? 
Both reporters were dumbfounded. 
Due to Dr. Zabe’s position in the alternative medicine field, everyone in New York respected the family a lot. Thus, the chairman also held a highly esteemed position in the field. It was said that he had learned all his skills from the only disciple that Dr. Zabe had ever taken. Dr. Zabe’s disciple was said to be younger than him, but nobody knew who they were and they rarely made an appearance. 
“… The Hunts are the number one family, after all. It’s understandable that the chairman would show up to support them.” 
“Yeah…”
The two reporters continued to converse between themselves. 
Then, they saw more people approaching. Some were famous personalities and some were celebrities. To sum it up, all the big bosses from various fields and circles had turned up, making the reporters’ jaws drop. 
The two exchanged a look. One of them said, “The Hunts really are impressive, huh. I heard that big bosses only hang out with fellow big bosses, so it’s understandable that those people would be on good terms with the Hunts…” 
“When you think of it that way, Mrs. Hunt sure has it tough. She definitely wouldn’t have anything in common with any of them. Also, even though all those big bosses have turned up because of Mr. Hunt, deep down, they must secretly look down on Mrs. Hunt…” 
Just as the two were speculating, a butler suddenly walked toward them. 
Shocked, the reporters hastily turned to flee. 
But the moment they turned, they found that the Hunts’ bodyguards were right behind them. 
The reporters panicked and hurriedly apologized. “Sorry, sorry! We’ll leave right away…” 
However, the butler smiled and said, “Please don’t misunderstand, sirs. Mr. Hunt would like to invite the two of you into the house.” 
The reporters: “” 
They were dumbfounded. However, the butler didn’t look like he was joking, so they followed behind him in trepidation and entered the Hunt manor.
In a show of goodwill, the reporters promised, “Don’t worry, we won’t make up any stories in our articles!” 
However, the butler said seriously, “Oh, you have it wrong. Mr. Hunt would like the two of you to truthfully report what you see here!” 
“…”
###Chapter 1040
Chapter 1040: A Birthday Party Filled With Big Bosses (3) 
When the reporters joined the party, their eyes widened even further. 
Big bosses whom they hadn’t seen at the entrance were at the party too. This party must be a top- secret one for sure, right? There were so many influential figures here! Any one of them easily made headlines in the news. 
The Queen of the UK and Princess Lucy were here… 
So was Karl Moore, the boss of an overseas security service… 
Even the internationally famous star Kelvin Hart was here… 
!! 
And that wasn’t all… 
The most renowned hacker Solo was also here! 
Solo, who had been active in the United States the last few years, had assisted the police in solving numerous cases and was currently under employment in the United States. His claim to fame came when he represented the United States in an international network breach and defense competition and clinched the champion title. 
There were also many other familiar faces commonly seen on TV… 
One of them was Logan Anderson who had represented the United States in a car racing competition and emerged as champion. 
The reporters were dumbfounded.
Why were there so many people here?! 
Had this been Justin’s birthday party, the guest list would make complete sense, but it wasn’t! It was Mrs. Hunt’s! 
It didn’t matter how much Justin doted on his wife because those big bosses would never go along with his frivolous demands. 
What was going on? 
The reporters parked themselves somewhere and squatted down. 
They knew that if they wanted to know what was going on, all they had to do was wait. Once the guests started to present their gifts, they would eventually talk. When that happened, all would be clear. 
— 
Nora didn’t notice the reporters at all. 
She yawned and looked at the bunch of familiar faces in front of her. 
She had already spotted Kelvin long ago, but she merely raised her brows and looked at Justin. 
The cousins certainly bore a striking resemblance to each other. With a bit of makeup, they would look like they were one and the same. Back then, when she had been overseas, Kelvin had even hit on her. However, after everything ended, Justin had explained everything to her. 
It was imperative that he did so. Otherwise, it would be awfully awkward if a misunderstanding formed between his cousin and his wife. 
Kelvin was exceptionally respectful toward Nora now, and he didn’t behave as roguishly as Justin had when he was impersonating him.
Something worth mentioning was that Kelvin was now in a relationship with Sheril Anderson. 
After her boyfriend cheated on her, Sheril had thrown herself into her research. For the longest time, there was no love interest in her life—until she met Kelvin one day. 
As an international superstar, Kelvin was simply too dashing. 
When he confessed to her, Sheril completely fell for him. 
The couple had already secretly gotten married. After all, Sheril only wanted to lead a peaceful life as a researcher and coop herself up in the pharmacy to study new drugs. She didn’t want reporters tailing her and keeping tabs on her private life. 
Both of them were currently focusing on their careers, so they hadn’t had any children yet. This greatly troubled Nora’s aunt, Melissa Anderson. She urged, “You’re already 33 years old. If you put this off any longer, you’ll face much higher pregnancy risks!” 
Logan, who was next to them, said, “Yeah, Mom’s right, Sheril. I want a niece or a nephew too!” 
Sheril looked at Kelvin. 
Kelvin rubbed his nose and suddenly said, “We’ll try for a kid when Logan finds a girlfriend. There’s no hurry…” 
His words diverted Melissa’s attention at once. She turned straight to Logan and said, “He’s right! How come you haven’t found a single girlfriend yet?!” 
Logan: “!!” 
His brother-in-law was as devious as Justin! 
The family’s banter with one another was a heartwarming sight.
Nora smiled. Suddenly, someone leaned toward her. Solo asked, “Hey, Anti. Why isn’t Brenny here yet?” 
Though he had found a proper job and was already in his early thirties, Solo surprisingly still looked as young and handsome as he did back then. 
Nora raised her brows at his question. 
She asked, “It’s already been so many years, but you still haven’t succeeded in wooing her?” 
A bleak look flashed across Solo’s eyes. 
He scratched his head and replied, “Well, you know how it is. Both Brenny and I don’t believe in marriage, so there’s not much point in obsessing over whether I’ve managed to woo her or not. I just haven’t seen her in two months, so I miss her a lot…” 
Nora: “…” 
The two of them could be said to be star-crossed lovers. 
Solo had unknowingly been an accomplice in the events that led to the death of Brenda’s teammate, and Brenda simply couldn’t get over it or let it go. 
Nora asked curiously, “Didn’t she already let it go after that case from five years ago?” 
Solo and Brenda had worked together that time to catch a criminal. 
To protect Brenda, Solo had taken a bullet to the chest. 
A tearful Brenda had called Nora in the middle of the night, who then hurried over in a helicopter to operate on Solo. Only then did he manage to escape death.
They had already reconciled in the hospital ward at that time. 
Brenda had also finally relented and forgiven Solo! 
The two had even gotten engaged… 
But for some unknown reason, the couple had separated again later. 
Solo gave Nora a resigned smile when he heard her question. 
At this point, they heard some noise coming from the entrance. The pair turned to see Brenda striding into the room.
###Chapter 1041
Chapter 1041: A Birthday Party Filled With Big Bosses (4) 
Brenda hadn’t changed much. She merely looked more mature now, which made her even more charming and alluring. Dressed in a short red formal dress, her hips twisted from side to side when she walked, forming a sensual and alluring sight. 
The moment she entered, she attracted everyone’s gaze. 
Her lips curled into a smile. However, when her gaze flitted past Solo, she avoided his eyes slightly. Then, she went up to Nora with a smile and said, “Happy 18th birthday, Nora!” 
Nora: “…” 
She glanced at Solo quietly and then yawned and said, “Yeah, thanks. Justin is looking for me. You guys go ahead and chat.” 
!! 
Then, she turned and left. 
Brenda hurriedly followed after her. “Hey, Nora. It’s been more than two months since we last met. Don’t you miss me?” 
“Nope, but someone else does,” replied Nora. 
As soon as she said that, an aggrieved Solo followed Brenda at the side. He looked at her innocently and said, “Brenny, I miss you so much. Where were you the last two months?” 
Brenda rolled her eyes. “You’re simply so… We’ve already broken up. Why are you still saying such mushy things?”
“I didn’t agree to it…” 
“Even so, we’ve still broken up. If you pester me any further, you’ll become a huge nuisance.” 
After speaking, Brenda’s gaze swept across everyone in the room. Then, she sighed and said, “I thought there would be at least a few hotties at your birthday party, Nora, but they are all people I know. It’s not going to be easy for me to hit on them!” 
“…” 
Nora hesitated for a moment. Her gaze also swept across the people in the room, eventually stopping when she spotted Morris Ford. She said, “I think Captain Ford is still single.” 
Brenda’s eyes lit up. “Captain Ford is strong and muscular. He’s much better than a certain somebody’s tiny weak-a*s physique. What a pity that I still haven’t had a taste of it. 
“…” 
After so many years of friendship, Nora now understood Brenda very well. The woman just liked mouthing off. She said awfully lascivious things, but she didn’t have the guts to act on her words at all. 
She didn’t pay any more attention to the two of them but walked off to the side instead. 
A well-behaved Philip Coleman was currently following after Iris at the back. Both of them had gotten on in years, and Philip had finally become much more at peace. 
As he followed after Iris, he said, “Um, Iris. It’s my birthday next month. Can you come for the celebration?” 
Iris was gentle but firm as she answered, “It’s too far. I’m not going.” 
“… But I’m hosting the birthday party right here in New York!”
Iris: “…” 
Philip sighed and said, “I know I went overboard in the past, and I’ve really reflected on my mistakes. Besides, I don’t have a successor to my Imperial League account yet. How about… I mean, look at how outstanding Cherry, Pete, and Xander are. It doesn’t make sense if they don’t have accounts in there, right?” 
Iris: “…” 
The man might have claimed that he had changed, but he could never resist attempting to bribe people with benefits. 
She was about to reply when a voice reached them. “It’s fine, they already have accounts, thanks.” 
Given that Justin was King, the boss of the Imperial League, how could the three little guys possibly not have accounts in there? 
Joel’s account had been passed on to the Smiths. 
Nora’s “cat” account would be Cherry’s in the future. 
Xander was already slated to be the next King, so the only one left without an account was Pete. However, they could just add him to the group later. 
To join the Imperial League, one must obtain recommendations from three members… Alternatively, King could directly add them to the group, too. 
No matter which method it was, there wouldn’t be a problem. 
Philip: “…”
He couldn’t help but glance at Nora. He heaved a quiet sigh and asked, “Will you come to my birthday party next month?” 
Iris: “…” 
Philip lowered his head and sighed. “I don’t have children and I have already aged. I’m already in my fifties this year, and my nephews have started to eye my position… I don’t have anyone who truly cares for me by my side anymore…” 
However, Iris cut him off. “You have a ton of girls willing to bear you children even at your age, don’t you?” 
Philip paused. 
Iris said seriously, “Once you age, you’ll find that it really is very lonely if you don’t have children. I already have grandchildren of my own, so I really am very content with my life now. But what about you? At my age, I can’t conceive anymore. You should look for a young woman instead.” 
To be honest, this was also part of the reason she had been rejecting Philip’s requests to reconcile all these years. 
However, Philip’s expression darkened. “Those women are only interested in my money. Is there any point in a life like that?! I’d rather die old and alone than have a wife and kids like that.” 
At the bottom of it all, the man was still the same as before. 
Iris looked at him. “Why do you insist on doing that to yourself?” 
Philip looked back at her. “Then what about you? You have been living your entire life for your mother, your son, and now your grandchildren. When are you ever going to live for yourself? We are already
approaching our sixties. Iris, ask yourself this—do you really not love me at all?” 
“…” 
Iris fell silent. 
Seeing her reaction, Nora knew at once that Iris still had feelings for Philip. 
It was just that everything that had happened in the past had eroded her passion. 
She took a couple of steps back, thinking to herself that there was still a possibility of reconciliation between the two. 
But when she turned her head, she saw two unfamiliar faces staring at her. Puzzled, Nora raised her brows. However, when she saw the cameras in their hands, she suddenly realized that they were reporters. 
After keeping quiet for half a day, the reporters had reached their limit. In their opinion, Mrs. Hunt was likely the most easy-going person in the room. After all, among all the big bosses in there, she was the most down-to-earth. 
Thus, they asked, “Mrs. Hunt, these people… Why are they so polite to you?” 
Nora: “?”
###Chapter 1042
Chapter 1042: A Birthday Party Filled With Big Bosses (5) 
Nora raised her brows. However, before she could answer, Lisa suddenly walked over. The woman, who was full of smiles, was completely engrossed in her life as a surgeon these days. With her life happy and worry-free, she didn’t notice the two reporters at all. 
She said sincerely, “Happy birthday, Nora!” 
Nora didn’t pay any more attention to the reporters. 
When she noticed the reporters, she immediately understood something. 
Obviously, showing off his daughter wasn’t enough for Justin, so he was also showing off his wife now. 
!! 
The corners of her lips spasmed a little as she nodded at Lisa. Then, she said, “I heard you performed neurosurgery last week. Was the patient…” 
She began to ask questions related to the professional know-how of the operation. 
Lisa listened to her seriously. Toward the end, enlightenment dawned upon her and she exclaimed, “So, that’s how it is! Nora, if I had discussed this with you beforehand, those post-surgery problems wouldn’t have happened! I shouldn’t have skipped discussing this with you when you’re my mentor.” 
However, Nora shook her head and said, “If you discuss every operation with me beforehand, how are you going to learn and gain experience? Besides, your operations are already perfect as they are now!” 
There was no lack of patients in the country, so this was a good opportunity for Lisa to practice her skills and improve.
Although this wasn’t very fair to the patients in her care before she fully matured as a surgeon, that was how reality worked. If Nora interfered with everything Lisa did, the young woman would never be able to stand on her own. 
Besides, should she really meet with a crisis of life and death, Nora would help for sure anyway. 
Lisa was already the top neurosurgeon in the country. She would eventually become a doctor whose skills were on par with Anti’s! 
After the discussion, Solo returned and started to pester Nora. 
Lisa wisely stepped back. 
The reporters took the opportunity to step forward at this point. They looked at Lisa and asked, “Dr. Black, why did you refer to Mrs. Hunt as your mentor? Isn’t your mentor Dr. Anti?” 
Lisa: “?” 
Upon hearing the question, she looked at the reporters. 
Only then did she notice the gadgets they were holding. When she thought of the joke going around the Internet recently, she smiled and replied, “Didn’t you just answer the question yourself?” 
The reporters: “?” 
As they watched Lisa leave, the pair exchanged a look with each other, both their brains malfunctioning for a split second. Suddenly, a realization hit one of them. “Is Mrs. Hunt Dr. Anti?” 
The other reporter replied, “I remember now! Anti had come to the States back then! Let me check the news from ten years ago!” 
With that, the reporter started to look up news from ten years ago.
Cameras were already highly advanced then. So, when he saw news reports from that period… 
As expected, Mrs. Hunt was indeed Dr. Anti!! 
The pair looked somewhere a distance away where Quentin Smith and Lily were standing together. Though Quentin had suffered devastating injuries back then, he had regained the ability to stand now. 
As Nora’s assistant, Lily was an excellent surgeon. She was good-looking and knew exactly how to handle Quentin. 
When Quentin and Lily noticed the reporters looking at them, they leaned closer to each other and posed with victory signs at them, seemingly hoping that the reporters would snap a picture for them. 
After posing for a while, Quentin refused to do it anymore. He said, “Alright, alright, that’s enough! You look so silly doing this!” 
Lily retorted, “No matter how silly I look, I’m not going to look sillier than you. Who’s the one who claimed that he was going to protect his cousin but ended up being protected by her in the end?” 
Being reminded of how he had been a teen who harbored delusions of grandeur in the past, Quentin turned as red as a tomato. “Ugh, don’t say any more…” 
However, Lily stepped forward and pinched his cheek. “How rare, you’re actually blushing. You don’t even blush when we do it at night anymore… It’s a good thing that Boss saved you and helped you regain mobility. Otherwise, how boring would it be if I’m always the one on top?” 
… Lily really hasn’t changed at all, Quentin thought to himself. 
He coughed and said, “Alright, it’s your boss’ birthday today, so quit the dirty jokes already! Go and give her your well-wishes!”
“… Fine!” 
The reporters standing in the distance were flabbergasted. 
However, they quickly understood what was going on. “I see, so that’s how it is! Mrs. Hunt is Dr. Anti, that’s why she is so popular! Think about it, people can fall sick anytime. That’s why it’s imperative that people maintain cordial relationships with her!” 
It was just that… 
Although these people were also friendly and polite to Lisa, why did they seem to be more respectful toward Mrs. Hunt? 
Just as they were utterly perplexed, they heard the conversation between Solo, the world-famous hacker, and Nora. 
“I’m thinking of hacking into Brenny’s computer to search for clues and see what exactly she’s thinking. Can you disable your firewall?” 
“No, I can’t.” 
Nora rejected his request coldly. 
A grumpy look appeared on Solo’s face at once. 
Nora looked at him. “You two should talk it out face-to-face if there’s a problem. It’s exactly because you didn’t have any moral boundaries in the past and did whatever was asked of you, as long as you were paid for your services, that Barbarian successfully made use of you to hurt her. Do you want that to happen again?” 
Her censuring words made Solo hang his head, and he heaved a quiet sigh.
It was true that he acted with barely any moral boundaries in the past. Short of taking someone else’s life, he had pretty much been willing to do just about anything. 
He couldn’t even realize when someone made use of him. 
Now that he was officially employed, he faced restrictions in everything he did. He had originally been rather unhappy about that, but Nora’s words made him realize something. 
People shouldn’t be allowed to do as they please all the time. Sometimes, restrictions are also a form of protection. 
He nodded. “Alright.” 
After Nora left, Solo got ready to approach Brenda again. However, when he turned around, he immediately spotted the two reporters standing next to him. They looked at him hopefully and asked, “Mr. Solo, you are a computer expert and champion of a hacker competition yourself, so why are you still begging Mrs. Hunt for help?” 
Solo raised his brows. “Don’t you guys know who she is? Try looking up the news from ten years ago!”
###Chapter 1043
Chapter 1043: A Birthday Party Filled With Big Bosses (6) 
News from ten years ago again? 
The reporters traveling here and there for news scoops these days were no longer the same ones from ten years ago. Therefore, it was perfectly understandable that they wouldn’t know of incidents that happened a decade ago. 
When the reporters heard Solo, they again buried their heads into their phones to search for news from a decade ago. 
And the moment they did… 
Guess what they found. 
!! 
Mrs. Hunt was actually Q? 
Even though numerous experts had emerged in the world of hackers in the last few years, Q and Y’s positions had remained rock-solid! 
The reporters swallowed hard. They turned and looked at Nora in unison, finding the whole thing more and more unbelievable. 
How did this happen?! 
How could this be?! 
As they looked at each other, they noticed Logan approaching Nora. He said, “A race is coming up in a few days. They would like to invite you to join the panel of judges. Are you interested?”
“Nah.” 
Nora yawned and added, “I’d rather sleep.” 
“…” 
Logan pressed his lips together. Although he was unhappy, he nevertheless uttered an “oh”. The reporters feigned nonchalance and slowly crept closer, where they heard Logan grumble, “A lot of people want to meet you, Yanci, and many of them are your fans. But I guess they just aren’t lucky enough to get the chance, unlike me who lucked out because we’re cousins.” 
The reporters: “!!!” 
Were their ears playing tricks on them?! 
Never mind that Mrs. Hunt was not only Anti but also Q. Was she Yanci too? 
Didn’t she have too many hidden identities? 
Could she get any more amazing?! 
And it didn’t end there. The reporters even saw the most influential bigwig of the alternative medicine circle coming over and addressing her as his mentor. Didn’t that mean that she was that mysterious disciple of Dr. Zabe’s?! 
When they observed Karl and the others, they noticed that they also treated her exceptionally respectfully… 
The reporters were dumbfounded. 
The social status of Karl and the other guests—such as the Queen and so on—meant that information on them was already beyond the limits of what the reporters could access. Therefore, no matter how
respectful they were to Mrs. Hunt, the reporters would never ever understand why. 
Things had gone completely beyond their wildest imagination. 
There was no way Mrs. Hunt could possibly be a spy or a special agent, right? 
The pair, who were utterly dumbfounded, shook in their boots as they hid in a corner… They felt like any of the big bosses in front of them could easily crush them with a mere finger. 
Just as they were feeling lost and frightened, Justin suddenly appeared in front of them. 
The reporters swallowed. 
With his hands in his pockets, Justin glanced at them and asked leisurely, “Didn’t you want to interview me?” 
One of the reporters was silly enough to ask, “M-Mr. Hunt, when did we request to interview you…?” 
After all, Justin was someone high up in the air and usually remained low-key. The only times he ever behaved flamboyantly were when he showed off his daughter. Therefore, he rarely ever accepted interview requests from reporters. 
However, the other reporter suddenly realized something and quickly said, “Yes, yes! We wanted to interview you!” 
“Yeah, then let’s get on with it.” 
Justin adjusted his tie and cleared his throat lightly. 
The reporters: “…”
They couldn’t help but be lost for words—it wasn’t like they had prepared a script! 
The more quick-witted reporter of the two asked sheepishly, “Uh, Mr. Hunt, what… was the topic of our interview again?” 
Justin glanced at him and replied, “It’s my wife’s birthday today. Didn’t you want to know about my relationship with her?” 
“Ah, yes, yes, that’s right! What are your comments on that, Mr. Hunt?” 
Justin’s gaze shifted to the center of the venue where his wife was surrounded by the big bosses of various industries. As he watched her shuffle among the guests lazily like a big boss, the corners of his lips curled into a smile and he said, “I’m lucky to have her as my wife—because otherwise, she would have been out of my league.” 
“…” 
… 
Amid the reporters’ astonishment, the birthday party finally came to an end. 
When the dumbfounded pair exited the party, a group of reporters outside immediately came forward and surrounded them. 
It was Mrs. Hunt’s birthday party that day, so it went without saying that all of them would be there. 
When they saw the pair, looks of envy appeared on all of their faces. Someone asked, “Did you manage to take any pictures?” 
“Yeah! Those big bosses only came because of Mr. Hunt, right?”
Someone even made a reference to the joke trending online and asked, “Did you guys manage to find out anything? So, why didn’t Mrs. Hunt study properly?”
###Chapter 1044
Chapter 1044: Feelings That She Shouldn’t Have 
The reporters: “” 
The corners of their lips spasmed. 
At the sight of their reaction, the other reporters immediately asked, “Come on, what on earth happened inside? I heard that Mrs. Hunt didn’t even graduate from elementary school. Did you guys manage to interview her?” 
“… No, we didn’t.” 
The two reporters answered. 
!! 
Disdain filled the other reporters at once. “Meh, Mrs. Hunt is probably the most easy-going one in the party today because the rest are all big bosses… Yet you didn’t even manage to interview her… Did you even manage to interview anyone?” 
“… We interviewed Mr. Hunt.” The two reporters answered. 
“…” 
After a moment of silence, a huge buzz went through the other reporters. 
“What?” 
“Mr. Hunt agreed to the interview?”
“How can that be?! Don’t you know that Mr. Hunt is the hardest person to get an interview with?! Besides, most of the guests today only came because of Mr. Hunt, which goes to show just how impressive of a man he is… Why would he accept an interview request from you two…?” 
Someone even directly offered the two reporters cigarettes and asked ingratiatingly, “Bro, did Mr. Hunt say anything? Can you tell us some of it? Come on, it won’t hurt to share a little, right…?” 
The reporters: “…” 
One of them scratched his head and said, “Uh, actually, we are allowed to share the content of the interview.” 
Justin had tasked them with it. 
He wanted them all to “clarify the rumors” for his wife—even if he was just blatantly showing off his wife throughout the whole interview, despite using the word “clarify”. 
As for the two reporters, they had been utterly stunned after learning about Nora’s true identities. They coughed and then said, “Let’s find somewhere and have an in-depth talk about this.” 
— 
Though the party didn’t last long, the guests had specially made their way over from various corners of the earth, so they didn’t leave that early. 
Fortunately, the Hunts’ manor was more than spacious enough to house them. 
The men gathered and chatted with one another. 
The women also gathered by themselves.
Cheryl and Mia were playing with the latter’s younger brother whom Tanya and Joel had later conceived. The five-year-old boy was especially lively and adorable and loved sticking to Cheryl. He stared at her with rapture and said, “You’re so pretty, Cherry. Can you marry me when I grow up?” 
The reporters: “” 
The corners of their lips spasmed. 
At the sight of their reaction, the other reporters immediately asked, “Come on, what on earth happened inside? I heard that Mrs. Hunt didn’t even graduate from elementary school. Did you guys manage to interview her?” 
“… No, we didn’t.” 
The two reporters answered. 
Disdain filled the other reporters at once. “Meh, Mrs. Hunt is probably the most easy-going one in the party today because the rest are all big bosses… Yet you didn’t even manage to interview her… Did you even manage to interview anyone?” 
“… We interviewed Mr. Hunt.” The two reporters answered. 
“…” 
After a moment of silence, a huge buzz went through the other reporters. 
“What?” 
“Mr. Hunt agreed to the interview?” 
“How can that be?! Don’t you know that Mr. Hunt is the hardest person to get an interview with?! Besides, most of the guests today only came because of Mr. Hunt, which goes to show just how
impressive of a man he is… Why would he accept an interview request from you two…?” 
Someone even directly offered the two reporters cigarettes and asked ingratiatingly, “Bro, did Mr. Hunt say anything? Can you tell us some of it? Come on, it won’t hurt to share a little, right…?” 
The reporters: “…” 
One of them scratched his head and said, “Uh, actually, we are allowed to share the content of the interview.” 
Justin had tasked them with it. 
He wanted them all to “clarify the rumors” for his wife—even if he was just blatantly showing off his wife throughout the whole interview, despite using the word “clarify”. 
As for the two reporters, they had been utterly stunned after learning about Nora’s true identities. They coughed and then said, “Let’s find somewhere and have an in-depth talk about this.” 
— 
Though the party didn’t last long, the guests had specially made their way over from various corners of the earth, so they didn’t leave that early. 
Fortunately, the Hunts’ manor was more than spacious enough to house them. 
The men gathered and chatted with one another. 
The women also gathered by themselves. 
Cheryl and Mia were playing with the latter’s younger brother whom Tanya and Joel had later conceived. The five-year-old boy was especially lively and adorable and loved sticking to Cheryl. He stared at her with rapture and said, “You’re so pretty, Cherry. Can you marry me when I grow up?”
“…Sure!” replied Cheryl. 
Her reply made the little guy jump up and down in delight. Then, he looked around and asked, “Where’s Pete?” 
It wasn’t a milestone birthday for Nora today, so it wasn’t a particularly formal celebration party. As Pete was doing research work overseas, he didn’t specially return for the party. 
Come to think of it, Peter had already been away for a very long while. 
Cheryl pouted and replied, “I don’t know. He seems very busy, though. I think his research is in a very crucial phase right now, so he doesn’t even contact us now…” 
Cheryl glanced at Mia carefully after she spoke. Though the latter didn’t show any particular reaction, Cheryl noticed that there was ultimately still some disappointment in her eyes. Thus, she said, “He didn’t even come back for my competition a while back! My club is already the champion in the country, though, so we’ll be going overseas to compete next month. The competition happens to be in the same city that Pete is currently living in, so I’ll visit him then! I’ll tell him to call Mia!” 
Mia’s cheeks turned red immediately. “N-no, you don’t have to…” 
The girl was soft-spoken, and her face was small with a pointed chin, making her the picture of a classic beauty. She said, “Um, I suddenly recall that I still have some assignments to complete. I’ll get going now.” 
Mia got up. After notifying Tanya and Joel, she left immediately. 
Cheryl was a little stunned to see her like this. 
It seemed like Mia’s eyes had reddened just now?
However, ever since they grew up, the relationship between Pete and Mia had become rather strange. 
She heaved a quiet sigh. When she suddenly noticed that Joel and Ian had gone to the balcony, she followed after them. However, the moment she went near, she heard Joel say, “Dad, I’m thinking of giving half of the Smith Corporation’s shares to Nora.” 
Ian was taken aback. “Why?” 
Then, he frowned and asked, “Did your parents approach you again?” 
Joel kept quiet for a moment before he finally replied, “… They want Warren to inherit the family business.” 
“Fools!” Ian cursed furiously. Then, he sighed and said, “No matter what, you will always be a Smith in my eyes, Joel!” 
However, Joel hesitated for a moment and then said, “But I’m ultimately just an adopted child…” 
“Hah!” Ian sneered and said, “So what even if you’re adopted? Does that make you any worse than a child with blood ties to the family? It’s not always blood ties that make a family, a family… When they couldn’t conceive and secretly adopted you back then, they told everyone that you were their biological son. Yet when they finally managed to conceive their own child, they abandoned you… You don’t need parents like them!” 
Joel clenched his jaw. 
Childhood memories flooded his mind. 
As the eldest child of the Smiths, the family had had high hopes for him since he was little.
But he could never understand why his parents treated his younger brother so well but were always so callous toward him, and even wished for his death at times. 
It wasn’t until he heard the real reason one day that he finally understood—he was adopted. 
In the fight with Ian over the inheritance of family assets, children were also a bargaining chip. Therefore, his father had never once told outsiders about it. It could be said that there were no more than five people who were aware of the truth. 
Even his cousins and siblings among the Smiths were not aware of it. 
Back then, when Ian wanted to adopt a child from among his siblings’ families, he had selected him. Joel’s parents had gotten into a huge row with Ian because of this, and it was also during that incident that Joel learned the truth. 
— 
On the way back to the Smiths’, Mia held her cell phone in the car, unable to make up her mind for the longest time. 
She missed Pete very much. 
She knew that she had developed some feelings for Pete that she shouldn’t have… He must have sensed it too, right? That was why he had distanced himself from her… 
They hadn’t contacted each other for over a year. 
She had been studying very hard in hopes of enrolling in Harvard, so that she could visit the school that Pete had studied in and also go abroad after that… but she didn’t dare to tell anyone.
From Cheryl’s perspective, it seemed that Mia and Pete had fallen out, but in truth, that wasn’t the case. 
She heaved a quiet sigh and put down her cell phone in the end. 
These feelings shouldn’t exist. She would just hide them deep down in her heart… and keep them from being discovered by others. 
“…Sure!” replied Cheryl. 
Her reply made the little guy jump up and down in delight. Then, he looked around and asked, “Where’s Pete?” 
It wasn’t a milestone birthday for Nora today, so it wasn’t a particularly formal celebration party. As Pete was doing research work overseas, he didn’t return for the party. 
Come to think of it, Peter had already been away for a very long while. 
Cheryl pouted and replied, “I don’t know. He seems very busy, though. I think his research is in a very crucial phase right now, so he doesn’t even contact us now…” 
1 
Cheryl glanced at Mia carefully after she spoke. Though the latter didn’t show any particular reaction, Cheryl noticed that there was ultimately still some disappointment in her eyes. Thus, she said, “He didn’t even come back for my competition a while back! My club is already the champion in the country, though, so we’ll be going overseas to compete next month. The competition happens to be in the same city that Pete is currently living in, so I’ll visit him then! I’ll tell him to call Mia!” 
Mia’s cheeks turned red immediately. “N-no, you don’t have to…”
The girl was soft-spoken, and her face was small with a pointed chin, making her the picture of a classic beauty. She said, “Um, I suddenly recall that I still have some assignments to complete. I’ll get going now.” 
Mia got up. After notifying Tanya and Joel, she left immediately. 
Cheryl was a little stunned to see her like this. 
It seemed like Mia’s eyes had reddened just now? 
However, ever since they grew up, the relationship between Pete and Mia had become rather strange. 
She heaved a quiet sigh. When she suddenly noticed that Joel and Ian had gone to the balcony, she followed after them. However, the moment she went near, she heard Joel say, “Dad, I’m thinking of giving half of the Smith Corporation’s shares to Nora.” 
Ian was taken aback. “Why?” 
Then, he frowned and asked, “Did your parents approach you again?” 
1 
Joel kept quiet for a moment before he finally replied, “… They want Warren to inherit the family business.” 
“Fools!” Ian cursed furiously. Then, he sighed and said, “No matter what, you will always be a Smith in my eyes, Joel!” 
However, Joel hesitated for a moment and then said, “But I’m ultimately just an adopted child…” 
“Hah!” Ian sneered and said, “So what even if you’re adopted? Does that make you any worse than a child with blood ties to the family? It’s not always blood ties that make a family, a family… When they
couldn’t conceive and secretly adopted you back then, they told everyone that you were their biological son. Yet when they finally managed to conceive their own child, they abandoned you… You don’t need parents like them!” 
Joel clenched his jaw. 
Childhood memories flooded his mind. 
As the eldest child of the Smiths, the family had had high hopes for him since he was little. 
But he could never understand why his parents treated his younger brother so well but were always so callous toward him, and even wished for his death at times. 
It wasn’t until he heard the real reason one day that he finally understood—he was adopted. 
In the fight with Ian over the inheritance of family assets, children were also a bargaining chip. Therefore, his father had never once told outsiders about it. It could be said that there were no more than five people who were aware of the truth. 
Even his cousins and siblings among the Smiths were not aware of it. 
Back then, when Ian wanted to adopt a child from among his siblings’ families, he had selected him. Joel’s parents had gotten into a huge row with Ian because of this, and it was also during that incident that Joel had learned of the truth. 
— 
On the way back to the Smiths’, Mia held her cell phone in the car, unable to make up her mind for the longest time. 
She missed Pete very much.
She knew that she had developed some feelings for Pete that she shouldn’t have… He must have sensed it too, right? That was why he had distanced himself from her… 
They hadn’t contacted each other for over a year. 
She had been studying very hard in hopes of enrolling in Harvard, so that she could visit the school that Pete had studied in and also go abroad after that… but she didn’t dare to tell anyone. 
1 
From Cheryl’s perspective, it seemed that Mia and Pete had fallen out, but in truth, that wasn’t the case. 
She heaved a quiet sigh and put down her cell phone in the end. 
These feelings shouldn’t exist. She would just hide them deep down in her heart… and keep them from being discovered by others.
###Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045: Abducted!! 
Mia tried to suppress her pining for Pete. 
Soon, she arrived back home. She entered her study unhappily, opened up her practice papers, and began to go through them. 
Even if they were not meant to be, she still wanted to chase after him and experience what he had experienced. 
Mia began to study seriously. 
To others, having a crush might be painful and might get one down. However, to Mia, this was her only motivation in life. 
!! 
After studying for a long while, Mia gradually started to nod off. 
Soon, she fell asleep at her desk. 
However, it was at this moment that her cell phone suddenly beeped. On the display, the notification showed that she had received a text message. The sender was Pete. 
— 
At the Hunts’. 
As it gradually got late, people who were supposed to leave left, and people who were supposed to rest went to rest for the night.
Nora sat in the living room and looked at Queenie. 
Her aunt had also stayed single the last few years, but she remembered that she had once told her that she had a crush on someone. 
Nora, who thought that she had been talking about Ian, said to Queenie, “Since you’ve returned to the States, why not continue staying here, Aunt Queenie?” 
She didn’t mind Ian and Queenie becoming a couple if it meant that it would lessen the pain for both of them. 
However, Queenie raised her brows and replied, “Nah.” 
“Why?” 
Nora walked up to her. For the first time ever, the lazy woman took the initiative to be a matchmaker. She said, “Dad has been alone all these years too. If you want, I can help you woo him.” 
Queenie was taken aback. “Why would I woo your dad?” 
Nora asked hesitantly, “Aren’t you in love with him?” 
Queenie: “?” 
She stared at Nora in a daze. It was only after a short while that she finally recovered. “When did I ever say that I’m in love with him?” She exclaimed. 
“… You told me last time that you have had a crush on someone for many, many years.” 
Queenie burst into laughter. “Even so, that person is not your dad!” 
“Then who is it?”
Nora asked curiously. 
Queenie’s cheeks suddenly turned red. After a while, she finally sighed and replied, “My feelings are considered taboo in this society, so I’ve never told anyone about it before. Besides, the person I’m in love with is already dead.” 
Nora: “!!” 
As it turned out, she had misunderstood! 
As Ian had been friendly to Queenie, and Queenie had also treated Ian well and even shown a lot of concern for his health, Nora had ended up misunderstanding. 
Queenie, who seemed to notice her puzzlement, smiled and explained, “Mr. Smith and I are friends because the people we cared about, cared about us.” 
“People we cared about” was referring to Yvette. 
“Cared about us” was referring to Ian and Queenie. 
Nora looked at her with a puzzled look. 
However, Queenie looked away. 
In this instant, Nora suddenly understood who Queenie was in love with… 
She retracted her gaze at once and said with a smile, “Aunt Queenie, I, like Mom, also hope that you can live for yourself.” 
“Yeah.”
Queenie nodded. Then, she noticed an unfamiliar-looking man on the balcony nearby. 
After a pause, she asked, “Is that Trueman?” 
“Yeah.” 
Nora kept nothing from Queenie. 
After the cosmetic surgery, Trueman now looked completely different from how he did back then. He was currently pestering Justin and trying to convince him to agree to a business deal. He said, “This is my first time doing business. What’s the big deal about working with me this once?” 
Justin was about to reply when 
Trueman grumbled, “You’re my younger brother, you know! And one related by blood, no less!” 
Uh… 
Despite ten years going by, Justin had never once told Trueman the truth, in case the latter used his position as his uncle to take advantage of him. 
Nora, who was aware of Justin’s devious thoughts, broke into a smile. 
While the few of them were chatting, they suddenly heard a hasty knocking at the door. 
When the butler opened the door, Tanya and Joel hurriedly entered with Mia, who said, “Pete is in trouble!” 
The look in Nora’s eyes turned serious at once. “What?” 
Mia said, “I… I received a text message from Pete earlier this evening. In the message, he asked me how I’m doing and said that he misses the pot roast I made… but this is our secret code!”
Her eyes were wide in fear and shock, and she was shaking all over. “This sentence means that he has been abducted!!”
###Chapter 1046
Chapter 1046: Going to Peter 
He had been abducted? 
Nora narrowed her eyes and looked at Justin immediately. 
Both of them reacted the same way. 
Others might not know that much, but Nora knew this very well—Pete had been learning martial arts from Quinn for years and was already a skilled martial artist with pretty good moves by now. 
Otherwise, Justin wouldn’t have had the peace of mind to let him go abroad for further studies while hiding his identity. 
!! 
But why had he been abducted? 
Who had abducted him? 
Nora immediately turned on her computer and searched for the location where Pete’s cell phone signal had been when he sent the text message. When she did, she discovered that the location from where he had sent the text message was the laboratory where he was studying and doing research work. 
Nora’s expression turned solemn. 
After a moment’s hesitation, she finally said, “Pete is likely fine.” 
Justin nodded. “If someone wanted to capture him, they would need at least a dozen people attacking him at the same time, but this would cause too great a commotion. Since there is no sign of Pete putting up resistance, there are two possible scenarios.”
“What are they?” 
Mia asked anxiously. 
Justin had already sent his men to the laboratory to investigate, but they hadn’t found any signs of struggle there. This was also the case a few hours ago; all they found were people reporting for work and knocking off work as usual. 
He lowered his gaze and replied, “Pete either gave up resistance because there were too many enemies, or he deliberately allowed himself to be captured.” 
Nora was also of the same opinion. 
However, Mia was still very anxious. “Why would he allow himself to be captured on purpose? It’s not like he doesn’t know better!” 
Even though she was terribly anxious, the adults were not surprised by her reaction. 
After all, next to Nora and Justin’s trio of mutants, every other child seemed a little immature. Besides, Mia had always been timid since she was little. 
Nora said, “Think about it carefully. Since he could send you a signal before he was captured, what does this mean?” 
Mia paused for a moment and then answered, “It means that Pete didn’t completely lose the freedom to move and act.” 
“Yes.” 
Nora continued to gently explain things to her. She said, “If he wanted to resist the other party, he could have just texted Justin or me and told us directly that he had been captured, as well as who the
abductors are, but he didn’t. What does this mean?” 
Mia thought carefully for a while and finally realized what she meant. She replied, “It means that Pete has temporarily fallen under someone’s control, but he can still access electronic devices. His freedom has not been fully restricted, but he is unable to report the situation to outsiders. That’s why he decided to use the secret code method!” 
“Yes,” Nora nodded and said, “This means that he is not in a life-threatening situation for the time being.” 
Mia breathed a sigh of relief. Even so, she was still awfully anxious. She said, “Aunt Nora, hurry up and save Pete!” 
Nora: “…” 
Actually, she didn’t think that the situation was that serious. 
Moreover, Justin had also assigned Pete secret bodyguards when he went abroad. However, the bodyguards hadn’t reported anything out of the ordinary so far, which meant that Pete was definitely still in the laboratory. 
She nodded. “Okay, tomorrow, I’ll…” 
But before she could finish, Mia said, “I’ve already asked Dad to get a jet ready. Why don’t we go over right away?” 
Nora: “” 
The corners of Justin’s lips also spasmed. He said, “We don’t have to be in such a hurry. I’ve already received news from the secret bodyguards. They have confirmed his presence—he really is working
overtime in the lab.” 
However, Mia said very seriously, “Aunt Nora, Uncle Justin, don’t you understand what Pete is like? If he hadn’t been captured, he wouldn’t have texted me! Also, Pete always comes back for Aunt Nora’s birthday every year, yet he suddenly skipped it this year. This is already very odd in itself. So, let’s go over there right away!” 
“…” 
Under Mia’s urging, the group set out in the jet overnight and headed to Manchester in the UK, where Pete currently was. 
In the jet, Nora slept the whole way there. 
However, the jet was awfully uncomfortable. After they got off and she confirmed with Justin once more that Pete was not in any danger, she decided to go to a hotel and catch up on sleep. 
However, Mia kept urging the two of them. “Aunt Nora, let’s go to Pete’s lab right away! Even just a glance at him would do!” 
Nora: “…” 
What could she do? Mia was timid and soft-spoken. She usually didn’t have much presence at home, yet for some reason, be it Nora, Justin, or even Tanya and Joel, none of them could say no to her. 
No matter what request Mia made, all of them would agree to it. 
Thus, the group went straight to the laboratory where Peter was.
###Chapter 1047
Chapter 1047: Mia Cares For Me the Most in the Whole Family 
The moment they arrived at the laboratory, they happened to run into a group of people who had just woken up and were getting ready to go for breakfast. 
The group stopped the trio at the entrance and asked, “Our company is not a place where any Tom, Dick, or Harry can enter. Who are you?” 
Mia replied, “We’re here to look for my elder brother. He’s in there right now. These are my parents. We’re here on vacation…” 
The security guard glanced at Nora and Justin and then sneered, “Are you kidding me?” 
Mia: “?” 
!! 
The security guard said, “These two look so young. The woman can only be your elder sister at best! How can they possibly be your parents?!” 
Mia: “” 
In order to minimize potential trouble, she was pretending to be Cheryl. 
That was why she had claimed that Nora and Justin were her parents. 
Yet the security guard wasn’t taking her word for it? 
The security guard then pointed at Nora and said, “She looks twenty years old at best. How can she possibly have a child as old as you? And this guy…”
The security guard pointed at Justin and said, “He’s probably only about thirty years old?” 
Justin was wearing a suit and had a stern look on his face. Even though his facial features looked young, he didn’t look like a twenty-year-old lad still wet behind the ears. 
Therefore, while the security guard might be persuaded to believe that Justin was Mia’s father, there was no way he was going to believe that Nora was her mother. 
“…” 
A grouchy look took over Justin’s face. 
The security guard had outright made him and Nora people from two different generations. They were about the same age, alright?! 
Mia explained, “It’s true… They just look younger than most other people, that’s all.” 
She took out their ID documents and showed them to the security guard. “My mom is already 34 years old this year. She gave birth to us when she was 19…” 
The security guard examined the ID closely, flipping it over and over as he stared at it. At last, he believed Mia’s words and said, “Alright, I guess. Security is strict in the lab, so outsiders are not allowed into the premises. I’ll call Peter Hunt outside instead.” 
Asking him to come out…? 
Then this would at least mean that Pete was free to move about. 
Mia heaved a sigh of relief. 
The security guard then went into the reception room and summoned Peter. About five minutes later, Peter jogged over to the main entrance.
The fifteen-year-old young man was tall and handsome. 
As he was going through a growth spurt, his height made him look awfully skinny as though he didn’t have much strength. 
He wore a loose t-shirt, and one could even faintly see the protruding shape of his spine. 
Upon seeing the smile on the boy’s good-looking face, Nora was relieved, and she felt that the tiring night was all worth it. 
“Dad! Mom! Mia! You’re here!” 
Pete stopped and panted for a while. Then, he returned to his usual calm demeanor and greeted the trio. 
He looked at the security guard and said, “These are my parents and younger sister. They already notified me long ago that they would be here for a vacation. Surely I can go for breakfast with them, right?” 
The security guard stared hard at Pete and then replied, “Yeah, go ahead. It must have been a while since you guys met, so I’m sure you miss your family. Have a good chat with them.” 
He emphasized the word “chat”. 
Peter, however, seemed to understand something. He nodded and said, “Sure.” 
Then, he went up to Nora and pointed at a café opposite the road. “Let’s have breakfast there!” 
The group went to the café. 
After ordering food, they settled down at a table. Justin asked coldly, “What on earth are you up to?”
Not only was Peter able to leave the laboratory for breakfast, but judging from how he looked, it was obvious that he hadn’t run into terrible trouble. In that case, he’d best give him a good explanation for sending such a text message to Mia in the middle of the night. Otherwise, Justin wasn’t going to let him off for disturbing Nora’s beauty sleep. 
Peter was still rather scared of his father. 
After all… he couldn’t beat him in a fight yet. He was still too young! 
But once he could beat him… ahem. 
Peter dismissed his thoughts and looked at them. “I really have run into trouble!” 
“If you’ve run into trouble, couldn’t you just come to us directly? Why did you send Mia such a text message late at night and frighten her so badly?” 
Nora frowned in displeasure. 
Mia had been awfully pale the whole way there and had looked terribly frightened. 
Peter coughed lightly and gave Mia an apologetic look. Then, he couldn’t help but heave a quiet sigh and say somewhat resentfully, “If I had sent you two the message instead, would the two of you have come over? In the entire family, Mia cares for my safety the most. If I contact her, you guys will definitely come.” 
Mia’s cheeks turned red when she heard the words “cares for my safety the most”. 
She subconsciously looked at Nora and Justin. When she saw that neither of them had detected the hidden meaning of the words, she breathed a silent sigh of relief and then looked at Peter with infatuation in her eyes.
As for Nora and Justin, both of them were rather speechless. 
Come to think of it, It was true that had Peter contacted them directly, they might not have come over once they learned of the situation! 
Nora felt somewhat guilty. 
Justin, however, was thick-skinned enough to continue pulling a long face. “Alright, that’s enough. Get to the point.”
###Chapter 1048
Chapter 1048: To Help or Not to Help? 
Peter turned serious. 
He had always been similar in personality to Justin—after all, the latter had raised him single-handedly. Peter said seriously, “The lab is forcibly keeping its employees here.” 
His words made Nora raise her brows. “Forcibly?” 
“Yes.” 
Peter explained, “They refuse to let the employees leave. Now that you guys are here, I reckon they’ll also start monitoring you. They will never let me return to the States—after all, I’m one of the talents they specially picked. They gave me a lot of benefits and even promised me real estate. The salary is also high…” 
!! 
But was he someone short of money? 
Peter had never revealed his true identity to outsiders, that was all. 
Nora said, “You didn’t make us come all the way here just because of that, did you?” Not only was Peter a skilled martial artist himself, but he also had a few other guards by his side. He could easily escape anytime, so he didn’t need to have them personally make a trip here if it was just about that. 
A disapproving Justin also remarked, “You can’t even get away by yourself when the surveillance is this lax? How useless!” 
Peter: “…”
The corners of his lips spasmed and he glanced at Mia. 
Now that he had grown up, he didn’t like being embarrassed in front of others. In particular, he was especially unaccustomed to being chastised by his parents in front of Mia. 
He touched his nose—the boy had also picked up Justin’s little habits—and answered, “I’m not talking about myself.” 
“My colleagues are affected too.” 
He looked up at Nora and said, “Mom, I have 23 colleagues from America who are also facing the same situation. All of them are Harvard and MIT graduates. After they left the country to pursue further studies, they didn’t return to America even once. Because of this, they were even flamed by netizens on the Internet, but not all of them had stayed here of their own volition. It’s because they ended up becoming exposed to high-end industries under their lecturer’s guidance when they were still university students, resulting in them being forced to stay here and being forbidden from returning to America. 
“They want to go back too…” 
“There are many others like them.” 
There were already 23 such cases in Peter’s school alone. Moreover, most of them had even gotten married and started a family there, so they wanted to return to their country with their wives, husbands, and children. 
But there was only so much Peter could do. 
He had no problem escaping by himself—in fact, he could even take two or three people with him—but he couldn’t take all of them with him.
All 23 of his colleagues wanted to leave this place with him. It wouldn’t be right, no matter who he abandoned or took with him. 
So… In case of trouble, Mom was the person to go to. 
He was only fifteen. It was perfectly normal that he wouldn’t be able to resolve such a serious problem. 
Nora: “…” 
Justin also fell silent. 
Peter gave Mia a look. 
Mia immediately said gently to Nora, “Aunt Nora, those people are so pitiful. Like Pete, all of them obviously want to go home, but not only are they unable to, their own countrymen misunderstood them and even called them traitors… I’m sure their parents miss them a lot too.” 
“… Fine, let’s help them,” Nora said. 
“How many do we help?” Peter asked. 
Nora looked at him. “Since we’ve decided to help, then we must get every one of them out.” 
Then, she cocked her head to the side and suddenly chuckled. “Well, would you look at that? We’ve got company. Since they have already set their sights on us, let’s visit your lab and have a look!” 
“Okay.” 
After breakfast, the group went to the laboratory entrance. Peter said, “My parents and little sister haven’t settled their accommodation arrangements yet. Is it possible to let them stay in the laboratory’s lounge?”
The security guard looked at Nora and Justin and then replied, “Give me a minute. I’ll have to ask the higher-ups about that.” 
With a walkie-talkie in his hand, he stepped aside and asked, “Do I let them in, sir?” 
The person on the other end replied, “Let them in. Three small and skinny weaklings like them aren’t going to be much of a threat, if at all. Don’t get so nervous just because they are Americans; only the Big Brother of the Irvin School of Martial Arts and the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts can pose a threat to us. The rest are no problem!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Thus, the security guards let them in. None of them knew just what kind of monsters they had allowed into the laboratory.
###Chapter 1049
Chapter 1049: Black Cat 
Rather than a laboratory, Peter’s workplace was actually more like a research center. 
As they went deeper into the facility, just on the way to the lounge alone, Nora observed that there were already about a few hundred people guarding the place. From the looks of it, Peter and the others were doing research on something extremely important. 
There were also a lot of employees—at least a thousand of them—in the research center. 
Therefore, the research center had its own employee dormitories and canteen. 
The families of most of the people under surveillance also lived and worked there, so they couldn’t leave even if they wanted to. 
!! 
When they reached the lounge, Peter said, “Rest here. I’ll bring you guys around and let you meet those people when lunchtime comes. I’ll give them a heads-up first, too.” 
“Okay.” 
After sleeping the morning away, when lunchtime approached, the trio went to the canteen with Peter. There, Nora met the 23 people in question. 
The group was both excited and nervous. 
But some of them looked clearly uneasy. 
“What’s wrong?” Nora asked.
Peter answered, “For some of them, their family members aren’t here, but would also like to leave with us.” 
Nora broke into a frown. After a moment of contemplation, she exchanged a look with Justin and then said, “How about this? Get their families’ addresses and give them to me. I’ll send people to pick them up.” 
Peter nodded and went to talk to the others. 
After a while, he came back again. The boy, who still looked as troubled as before, asked, “Must we act tonight, Mom?” 
“Yeah.” 
For one, by taking action quickly, it was highly likely that they could get away before the people outside even realized what had happened. 
For another, she wanted to go home earlier to sleep! 
She couldn’t possibly stay here just because of one or two people. 
Peter said, “Actually, a few of them haven’t made up their minds yet. After all, taking their families and children with them and leaving the country is a big decision. They are not sure whether their wives would agree to it.” 
Nora thought for a moment and finally said, “Get them to give me their addresses. I’ll send people to pick them up at 1 a.m. tonight…” 
She raised her head and looked at Peter intently. “If they want to leave, then have their families display the national flag at the entrance of their homes. If it’s inconvenient for them to display the flag, or if they don’t have one at home, they can draw stars and stripes on a piece of paper and put that up instead.”
Her words took Peter by surprise. 
Stars and stripes… 
He suddenly smiled and said, “Okay, got it.” 
In this instant, Peter suddenly felt immensely proud of having a mother like Nora. 
He looked back and relayed Nora’s instructions to the others. 
Then, he collated everyone’s addresses and handed them to Nora. 
As Nora stared at the addresses, she lowered her gaze. 
In the afternoon, when they returned to the hotel, she immediately dialed Karl’s number. “We have a new mission.” 
Karl immediately asked, “What is it?” 
“Picking people up.” 
Without any hesitation whatsoever, Karl answered, “No problem.” 
After hanging up the phone, he gave out orders to Black Panther and Abbott. Both men immediately became excited. “Do we get to meet Black Cat this time?” 
To chase after his idol, Abbott had joined Karl’s team. 
Unfortunately, Black Cat hadn’t been in action much these recent years, so he hadn’t managed to meet his idol yet. Black Panther said, “When Nora impersonated Black Cat back then, she did a pretty good
job… Never mind, I’m going to meet the real Black Cat this time! I wonder who’s more impressive, Nora or Black Cat?” 
As Karl stared at them, the corners of his lips couldn’t help but spasm. 
Black Cat’s identity was sensitive—after all, she had taken so many lives, so it went without saying that her identity must be kept a secret—so he hadn’t told these two dummies the truth yet. 
Upon hearing what they said, Karl cleared his throat and nodded. “Alright, get going now!”
###Chapter 1050
Chapter 1050: Escape! 
At 4 a.m. 
The hour right before daybreak was when people were the sleepiest. 
In spite of that, Nora opened her eyes punctually. When she sat up, Justin, who was beside her, also sat up. 
After exchanging a look with each other, Nora went to wash up leisurely. She put her hair up into a ponytail and stretched as she remarked, “It’s been a while since I last did anything taxing. I should go get some good exercise tonight.” 
“Yeah. How do you want to go about it?” 
!! 
A doting Justin asked. 
Nora blinked and replied, “It’d be really boring if we just leave quietly by ourselves. We should make them pay for what they’ve done. After all, they kept Pete captive for so long. We shouldn’t let them off the hook that easily, right?” 
Justin smiled. “Got it.” 
Justin hadn’t passed down his social connections to Pete yet. As for Pete himself, he was only fifteen years old, so he hadn’t established his own connections yet. He was still in the phase of looking for reliable subordinates of his own. 
Therefore, it was indeed rather hard for Pete to save his colleagues.
But to Nora and Justin, the same task was as easy as ABC. 
The couple stepped out of the room and went next door to look for Mia. However, when they went over, they realized that she wasn’t in the room. 
“Oh, right. Mia said she would be with Pete tonight to help him with the logistical arrangements,” said Nora. 
“Yeah, okay.” 
The two then headed down leisurely. 
The security guard at the lounge entrance had already fallen asleep. The middle-aged lady’s head nodded forward again and again as she dozed. Nora and Justin, who had decided to openly leave through the door, then took out their cell phones and held them up to the scanner at the entrance, where the glass doors immediately opened. 
The two stepped out. 
The sky was dim and gray as daybreak slowly approached. 
The two went to Pete’s dormitory. 
As soon as they arrived, they saw that Pete and the others had already assembled on the ground floor. All of them looked tired and weary. It was obvious that they hadn’t slept the whole night because they were too nervous. 
Nora yawned and signaled to Pete. 
Pete immediately nodded and led the way in front. As he walked, he explained, “I’ve already scouted out the area nearby—there are no security cameras along this route. There’s an iron gate in front,
though, and the key is with the captain of the security officers.” 
Nora raised her brows. “If you had told me earlier, I’d have gone to retrieve it.” 
When Pete heard her, he let out a sneaky chuckle and fished out a key from his pocket. “I already swiped the key a long time ago and duplicated it.” 
Well done, thought Nora. As expected of her son, indeed. 
In this instant, it occurred to Nora that Pete did have the ability to bring his colleagues out of the research center. It was just that he couldn’t ensure their successful escape once they left. 
When Justin saw the look of approval in Nora’s eyes, he immediately poured cold water and said, “They must have realized what you were up to, right? That’s why you panicked and got us here to clean up your mess.” 
Pete: “…” 
Unfortunately, that was indeed what had happened. When he stole the key and duplicated it the other time, the captain of the security officers had sensed something amiss and had been tracing the culprit recently. The clues would probably lead him to Pete in another couple of days or so. 
While he could certainly leave by himself, two days were too short a period for him to bring so many people with him. 
He touched his nose and grumbled, “Cough, quit it, Dad.” 
Seeing the boy embarrassed, Justin was satisfied. 
Ha, that little brat. Don’t even think of showing off in front of Nora. You’re still too young!
Nora glanced at the people behind them. When she realized that there were fewer than 20 people behind, Pete explained, “A few of them changed their minds at the last minute and decided to stay.” 
“Yeah, okay.” 
Nora didn’t press for details. 
With Pete familiar with the terrain, the group managed to reach the main entrance without any problems. 
Pete stopped in his tracks. “Mom, Dad, I’m sure that there are surveillance cameras at the entrance. If I open the door, they will find out immediately. We only have 30 seconds before they get here. Are the people who are supposed to meet us already outside?” 
“Yeah, they are.” 
“Alright, let’s go, then!” 
Pete did a tuck-and-roll and tried his best to hide his presence as he rushed over and opened the gate. 
When the gate opened, everyone dashed toward it! 
Outside. 
Abbott, who had personally driven a truck over, craned his neck when he spotted them. “Where’s Black Cat?”
###Chapter 1051
Chapter 1051: Get Them! 
Peter stood beside the truck and watched as his colleagues got into the truck one by one. In the end, he looked at Mia and said, “Get in, Mia!” 
Mia’s eyes were bright and shiny. 
This was the first time that the girl, who had always been well-behaved since she was little, was involved in something this exciting. It was an extremely novel experience for her. 
However, she couldn’t help but be worried about Pete’s safety. She wanted to say something, yet she didn’t dare to, so she merely nodded and grabbed the cargo bed of the truck. Just as she was about to prop herself up, a big and warm arm suddenly held her around the waist and held her up. With that, Mia got into the truck immediately. 
Mia: “!!” 
!! 
Her cheeks immediately turned as red as a tomato, and she felt as if her heart was pounding faster than usual. 
She looked outside… 
Just as she was about to speak, she noticed that the doors of the main entrance had opened, and security officers were rushing out of the building. They were about to surround them! 
Some even raised their guns and pointed them at the truck’s tires. Once the tires were punctured, they wouldn’t be able to leave!
It was at this point that she saw Peter, who had been holding on to the cargo bed and planning to get in previously, suddenly jumping back down. He promptly shouted, “Go!” 
Though Abbott didn’t manage to catch a glimpse of Black Cat, he knew very well that his mission was to pick these people up today. The man immediately started the truck. 
When someone fired at the truck, Abbott quickly changed its speed and direction to prevent the bullet from striking the tires. 
Those guys didn’t dare to go as far as to take lives—after all, they needed the researchers alive—so they didn’t fire at anyone. Just as more and more bullets were fired and it seemed that they wouldn’t be able to dodge them anymore, a commotion suddenly broke out in the distance where the security officers were! 
Abbott immediately slammed his foot down on the gas pedal. The truck went charging out immediately and disappeared after rounding the corner. 
When the captain of the security officers saw the truck disappear from his sight, he immediately knew that it was too late. 
Despite that, he didn’t panic. 
Since he had decided to stay put, it went without saying that he had a plan. 
Those guys might be able to escape the research center, but leaving for good? Not so easy! 
He looked coldly at the trio who had stayed behind and said derisively, “Playing hero? Don’t overestimate yourselves! Peter Hunt, you must be the one who stole my key, right?” 
Peter nodded. “Yup.”
The captain sneered. “I’ll make you pay for that today! And give you a taste of what happens when you don’t behave!” 
Then, he took a step back and ordered, “Go, get them! Teach them a good lesson! I want Peter Hunt’s legs broken!” 
They certainly couldn’t kill the researchers, but once their legs were broken, it would be even harder for them to escape, no? 
As he gave the order, over 20 security officers rushed over and surrounded the trio. 
However, Nora was looking at an overland vehicle nearby. They might have missed the truck just now, but look what they had here? Their escape route had just presented itself! 
“I’ll hold them here. Which one of you is going to steal the car?” 
“I’ll protect you, Mom. Dad can go steal the car.” 
Justin: “…” 
A grumpy look had already come over his countenance. It wasn’t easy for him to have a chance to team up with his wife. What was that kid butting in for? 
He scoffed, “Nothing but an unnecessary move.” 
Peter stroked his chin. 
He was simply speechless at the tyrant. Did he really have to be so possessive even at a time like this? Never mind, it wasn’t like he had the guts to piss his father off too badly, either. After all, he was still young. Should the tyrant really decide to make things difficult for him, he wouldn’t be able to handle it.
Peter came around to the idea in no time. He said, “Dad, Mom, you guys hold ’em back. I’ll go get the car.” 
“Okay.” 
Upon seeing the trio still leisurely discussing plans despite being surrounded, the captain was furious. Fools sure were fearless! 
Did the three of them really think that he and his team were just your average, run-of-the-mill security officers? 
Normal people would never be able to keep those people in the facility. 
They were all elites who had been carefully selected! 
With a sneer, the captain ordered, “Get them!”
###Chapter 1052
Chapter 1052: Black Cat is Over Here! 
Ten minutes later. 
Security officers lay all over the ground as Nora and Justin stretched their arms and legs. 
“Stretch a little more. You haven’t exercised for too long. Take care not to hurt yourself,” said Justin. 
Peter who had driven over and was waiting for them to get into the car: “…” 
Fine, compared to his father, he certainly still had a long way to go! 
!! 
Nora did as Justin said. 
He was right. Her life was becoming more and more relaxed and leisurely these days. All she did every day was sleep and go for strolls. She was completely leading the life of a retiree. Given all the activity today, there was indeed a need for her to cool down properly. 
She stretched her arms and legs seriously. 
The captain, who was on the floor, stared at them in shock. He stammered, “W-who are you?” 
He already had a vague idea of their identities by then… 
At his question, Nora hesitated for a moment and then suddenly said with a straight face, “We’re Americans.” 
“…” 
I know that, of course! The captain thought.
Annoyed, the captain retorted, “Do you have any idea who we are?! How dare you do this to me! I will tell the Queen about this! I don’t believe we can’t catch you guys if the UK goes all out!” 
“…Oh, okay,” Nora replied. 
The captain: “?” 
After the two were done stretching, they got into the car. Peter sped into the distance at once. 
Black Panther had personally gone to pick up the researchers’ families at the places specified by Nora. Whenever they spotted a house with the American flag hung on the door or window, they would knock out the hidden agents monitoring the occupants, rush into the houses, and then escort the researchers’ family members into the transportation vehicle. 
To be honest, after Black Panther started working for Karl and began his career as an assassin, the man, who had grown up in Switzerland, had become someone who confounded right and wrong. He was someone who lived with his morals in the gray area. 
But when he saw the star-spangled banners fluttering in the breeze, a feeling of patriotism suddenly arose in him. 
However, he didn’t dwell too long on it. He quickly took his charges to Black Cat and met up with her instead. 
Though the two teams were working separately, both ultimately raced toward the same destination. 
When Black Panther arrived at the pier where they were supposed to meet up, he saw Abbott and a group of people there. They were craning their necks anxiously and looking into the distance. 
“Where’s Black Cat?” Black Panther asked.
Abbott shook his head and replied, “Black Cat isn’t here yet. They are going to find us very soon, though. If Black Cat doesn’t get here soon, we won’t be able to get away anymore.” 
Black Panther broke into a frown as well. 
Neither of them knew that a certain security bureau was currently trying their hardest to find them via the traffic cameras on the roads. 
However, someone hacked into the system at that moment… 
In the cyber-security central bureau of the UK, Q and Y easily stopped the bureau from accessing the system. 
In fact, they even blocked the satellite signal. As a result, the bureau could only use the most traditional method to search for them. Because of this, even though five minutes had already passed since Abbott and the others reached their destination, the bureau still hadn’t found their way over yet. 
Screech! 
While the group was waiting anxiously, a car stopped in front of them. 
Peter, Nora, and Justin then got out of it. 
Nora and Justin were both tapping away on their cell phones… 
With cyber-security technology getting more and more advanced, even Q and Y couldn’t afford to look away from the UK’s cyber-security system for even a second if they wanted to stop them from finding their whereabouts. As soon as they stopped, the other party would be able to restore the system. Should that happen, it would only be a matter of mere seconds before their whereabouts are exposed. 
The trio got out of the car and approached the group.
Black Panther panicked at once. He shouted, “Where’s Black Cat?! Do you know that the vehicle we’re about to use is absolute top-secret in the organization?! Only Boss and Black Cat are authorized to use it! Without Black Cat here, we won’t be able to leave at all! What have you people done? Did you abandon Black Cat and leave Black Cat there to bring up the rear?!” 
An anxious Abbott also asked, “Yeah. Where’s Black Cat?” 
Nora: “…” 
The corners of her lips spasmed as she said, “Shut up.” 
Then, she closed the hacking program on her cell phone and opened a program that only Karl and she could access. 
Abbott and Black Panther: “”
###Chapter 1053
Chapter 1053: They Can’t Be Together 
Abbott and Black Panther stared at Nora in shock and astonishment. 
Both of them were incredulous. 
Honestly speaking, they had already found Nora very impressive when they realized that she was the Big Sister of the Quinn School of Martial Arts. Among all the women… no, among everybody they had ever met, including the men, she was the most impressive one ever. 
In that case, how much more impressive could Black Cat possibly be? 
Now that they suddenly realized that Nora was, in fact, Black Cat herself, even though the discovery was certainly surprising, it also made perfect sense to them. 
!! 
At the same time, they also felt rather bad for looking down on Nora back then. 
How could they have been so clueless?! 
While the two men were plagued with guilt, Nora looked intently at her cell phone and wordlessly tapped the “Activate” button. 
To hide their embarrassment, Abbott and Black Panther asked, “What’s the emergency plan, Black Cat?” 
“Yeah, this is the ocean. You’ll have to cross the ocean if you want to go back to America. How are you guys going to get there?” 
Abbott wasn’t an American, so he didn’t feel much of a sense of loyalty to the United States.
While the two were talking, they suddenly heard a whirring sound. Then, the coast started to shake a little. The next moment, a black, massive suddenly emerged from the ocean. 
Shocked, the two quickly looked over warily, whereupon they realized that it was actually a… submarine!! 
On top of that, it was a huge one that could seat up to a hundred people! 
Abbott and Black Panther were astounded. The two men stared at the behemoth in disbelief. 
When did the organization get an ultimate weapon like this?! 
With this around, they wouldn’t have to fear even if they created a huge ruckus in the UK! 
This was also Nora’s first time seeing the submarine. 
She and Karl had prepared this as their backup plan in the past. 
At the bottom of it all, the assassin organization was still an illegal business. Moreover, Karl still had an official identity—a spy—in the United States. 
The two had hit it off immediately and prepared the submarine. In case there ever came a day when they could no longer bear the pressure from foreign authorities, they could use the submarine and escape to anywhere in the world in it. 
Energy supplies were also replenished regularly. At the very least, there was definitely enough to last till they got to the United States! 
Nora stepped forward and unlocked the system with a scan of her thumb. The submarine’s door opened and everyone went in one by one. After everyone had entered, Nora and Justin finally went in and closed the door.
As soon as the door closed, Justin put his cell phone away. 
The submarine started sinking into the waters and began its journey to the United States. 
The submarine featured a lot of advanced technology, including even a counter-reconnaissance system. This more or less gave them a veil of invisibility and prevented radars from detecting them. 
The submarine started moving in the ocean. 
Everyone inside also quietened down. 
From the UK, it would take roughly a week for them to reach the United States. Everything outside in the vast ocean was covered in darkness, making the passengers rather scared and panicky. 
When Black Panther sensed their apprehension and anxiety, he started to chat with them to pass the time. 
He looked at Peter first. “Do you have a girlfriend?” 
This boy was Black Cat’s son! 
When Peter was about to answer, his colleagues next to him said, “Oh, Peter’s super popular with the girls in the lab! Even though he’s still young, there are a lot of women throwing themselves at him!” 
Black Panther immediately remarked jokingly, “Ooh, you lucky chap!” 
Peter, however, glanced at Mia subconsciously—true enough, a flustered look appeared in the girl’s eyes. Yet when he looked over, she hurriedly lowered her head to hide her emotions. 
Peter heaved a sigh inwardly.
He had been diagnosed with mild autism when he was a child, but as the son of Justin Hunt, he was extremely prideful. 
Among all the girls he had ever met, only Mia and Cherry were good enough in his eyes. 
Cherry was his younger sister whom he doted on a lot. 
As for Mia… Initially, he had found the girl weak and frail, so he couldn’t bring himself to bully her at all, and he also started to subconsciously protect her. When he found out that she was his younger cousin, it became all the more natural for him to do so. 
When had those changes in his feelings for her suddenly changed? 
He couldn’t quite recall anymore. 
All he knew was that in his family where everyone was a big boss, Mia was the one who cared for him the most. 
Yet, in spite of that, the two of them were not allowed to be together.
###Chapter 1054
Chapter 1054: Welcome Home 
Joel and Nora were recognized as siblings in the eyes of the law, but in terms of blood relations, they were actually cousins. Although this meant that Peter and Mia were already a generation apart in blood relations, they were ultimately still second cousins. Therefore, they still couldn’t be together. 
He knew that his parents didn’t care about such things. If he and Mia made up their minds to be together, even if they didn’t hold the actual wedding itself, his parents would still give them their blessings. 
However, he knew that Mia loved kids, and people in consanguineous marriages easily produced children with deformities. 
In that case, he’d rather suppress his feelings than end up causing Mia to regret her decision in the future. 
She was only fifteen; she still had many more years ahead of her. Peter didn’t want to hold her back and cause her to have to pay for her folly in her youth after she grew up. 
!! 
As the group chatted, Nora answered a phone call. 
The caller was from the UK. There was faint anger in the Queen’s voice as she said, “Now Black Cat, that’s not quite nice of you. How can you snatch away all of our researchers?!” 
Nora answered calmly, “… We didn’t ‘snatch’ them away—they came with me of their own accord.” 
“…”
The Queen was well aware of this, of course, but no way was she going to admit to it. 
She scoffed and said in a stuck-up manner, “You made me a laughingstock by snatching them away! No, I won’t take this lying down. You have to compensate me for my losses!” 
By saying that, she was actually indirectly giving them the green light to leave. 
Of course, even if she didn’t, Nora wouldn’t lack ways and means to take the researchers home, either. However, if she did, their journey home would certainly be a lot smoother. 
“What kind of compensation do you want?” She asked. 
“How about this? Have Alexander come over and keep Lucy company.” 
The little princess was extremely fond of Cherry and often flew over to the United States to visit since she was little. The Queen had always turned a blind eye to her actions because she thought that it would be nice if her daughter had a close friend. 
She had only brought up Alexander because she knew that Peter would be going home to take over the Hunts’ businesses. However, this meant that Alexander was free, wasn’t he? That was why she wanted him to keep her daughter company. Maybe she would have a chance of luring him to stay in the UK with the title of an earl or something in the future, who knows…? 
The more the Queen thought about it, the more she found it a good deal. 
After all, Alexander was the next King of the Imperial League! 
It would be fantastic if she could get him to stay in the UK! 
The Queen asked, “Isn’t he studying overseas right now? Have him come over and tutor Lucy a little and see if he can make her a star student. I’m not asking for too much, am I?”
“Not at all.” 
Nora didn’t show the least bit of hesitation in selling her son out. However, she did set a condition. “But this means that you’ll give our organization the green light whenever we save people from the UK in the future, right?” 
The Queen: “!!!” 
“How many more are you planning to save?!” 
Nora said, “Everyone who wants to go back to their homeland.” 
The Queen was furious. “Don’t push your luck, Nora!” 
Nora coughed and said, “I’m not pushing it that badly, am I? Well, if you’re not agreeable to it, then never mind.” 
Even if the Queen didn’t give the green light, she would still be able to save the researchers anymore. Things would be a bit more troublesome and take up more of her sleep time, that’s all. 
The Queen: “…” 
The lip corners of the Queen, who could tell the underlying meaning of her words, couldn’t help but spasm a little. 
A moment later, through gritted teeth, she finally said, “Fine, I agree to your condition! Have Alexander come over immediately!” 
Then, she asked, “How’s Justin doing lately?” 
When the Queen had first realized that Nora was Black Cat, she felt troubled and was caught in a dilemma for a while. But after that, she decided to accept reality—after all, she had already come to
see Black Cat as a close friend. 
She had even poured out a lot of her secret woes to Black Cat previously, so she couldn’t bear to suddenly lose her friend. 
Therefore, from that point onward, she always went through Nora whenever she wanted to contact Justin. 
The Queen had been in love with Justin and pestered him before, after all, so she decided to maintain a respectable distance from him. 
Nora was very pleased with this. 
Thus, whenever she asked after Justin during their chat, she didn’t mind letting him speak with the Queen. She handed the cell phone to Justin. 
“Hello?” Justin said. 
“Hello, Justin. How have you been?” 
“I’m doing pretty well. Still as loving a couple with my wife as always; no arguments whatsoever.” 
“…” 
“Do you need anything else? Or do you want to hear about what we have been up to lately?” 
“… Beep… beep… beep…” 
Did he think that the Queen didn’t have a temper or what? Who would want to listen to him show off how loving a couple he was with his wife?!
Justin raised his brows and returned the cell phone to Nora. Then, he asked, “Can you bear to part with Xander, though?” 
“No,” Nora answered, “But it’s not certain who’s ultimately going to go home with who just yet!” 
Surprised, Justin asked, “What do you mean?” 
“Well, Lucy’s pretty cute. Since her elder sister will be inheriting the throne, there’s not much point in her staying in the UK. She might as well come to the States, then.” 
Justin: “?” 
— 
A few days later, the submarine finally arrived at a coastal area in the United States. 
When the submarine emerged from the sea and docked, Morris’ men, whom Nora had contacted beforehand, were already waiting for them onshore. They would be escorting the researchers back to their hometowns. 
United with their families, the researchers turned their heads back and gave Nora looks of gratitude. 
“Any words for them, Mom?” Peter asked. 
Nora: “?” 
After a moment’s thought, she straightened her expression and only said one line: “Welcome home.”
###Chapter 1055
Chapter 1055: You Care For Me the Most 
Nora didn’t just stop at saving the researchers; she also told Peter to spread a piece of news: 
Should people find themselves in similar situations abroad, they could approach Karl’s security agency for help to go back home. They would help to pick them up and send them home. 
Peter did a great job at the task. 
He was extremely popular among the international students, after all. 
Now that Peter was back, he didn’t plan on leaving the country anymore. Instead, he took over the Hunt Corporation. 
!! 
On the day that he officially became the head of the Hunt Corporation, his family held a handover ceremony at home. As a show of support, the Smiths all came over as well. 
Ian could now walk by himself and didn’t have to rely on a wheelchair anymore. With a walking stick in hand, he patted Peter on the shoulder and said, “You’re even more capable than Grandpa! Back then, Grandpa only managed to take over the company in his twenties!” 
Next to them, Alexander said jokingly, “He’s so envious of you, though.” 
A smiling Ian asked, “Why?” 
“Because you have such awesome grandchildren! And three of them at that!” 
Ian: “…”
Peter: “…” 
The lad had not only praised Peter but also himself. What a cocky little narcissist he was! 
Peter looked at him with a smile. “You’re heading to the UK tomorrow, right?” 
“Yeah. What about it? Are you gonna miss me? Come on, we’re brothers. Don’t be a sissy and go crying your eyes out now!” 
Alexander said dismissively. 
“… I just wanted to tell you to bring that person home soon,” replied Peter. 
“That person? Who?” 
Alexander was perplexed. 
A mysterious smile graced Peter’s lips and he said, “Nah, it’s nothing important.” 
He mustn’t give away his mom’s intentions so casually. 
Seeing his reaction, Alexander rolled his eyes and said, “Ugh, you’re being cryptic again.” 
After saying that, he turned his head to the side, where he saw Mia dozing on the sofa beside them. He couldn’t help but nod in her direction at Peter. Then, he walked over. Just as he was about to play a prank on Mia from the back, Peter caught hold of his outstretched arm. 
“What are you doing?” asked Alexander. 
Peter replied, “She hasn’t been getting enough sleep because she’s doing a lot of practice papers every day. Now that she can finally relax a little tonight, you shouldn’t disturb her.”
“I just wanted to tease her a little. What are you being so protective for?” Alexander said. 
Protective? 
Peter coughed and said, “Don’t talk nonsense. Isn’t she your younger cousin too?” 
Alexander pursed his lips and said, “She is, but she’s always been weak and frail since she was little, so she’s really boring and no fun at all.” 
“… Lucy isn’t,” said Peter. 
That little princess had been as strong and healthy as Cherry since she was little! 
Alexander grinned and said, “I know. Wait for it; once I go over, I’m going to bully her.” 
Peter: “?” 
Alexander raised his brows and said, “Once I bully her and make her cry, she’ll go whining to the Queen. And once she does, the Queen will release me immediately, no?” 
“…” 
Peter gave him a smile that screamed “Good luck, pal”. 
However, Alexander, who didn’t get it, turned and left instead. 
After he left, Peter got ready to leave too. But just as he did, he noticed Mia’s lashes quivering, which surprised him a little. 
Since their return to the country, both of them had been in New York the whole time. However, Mia hadn’t approached him even once. Even when the two families met for meals, she would always use
the excuse of studying to skip the gatherings. 
This was their first time meeting since their return. 
“Are you awake?” He asked. 
Mia opened her eyes. Suddenly, she lowered her head and asked, “Am I useless, Pete?” 
Peter immediately understood what she was saying. 
During the operation last time, she hadn’t been able to help with anything at all. From the start to the end, all she did was escape obediently. This made Mia feel horribly disheartened. 
She felt like she was an utter failure who was completely useless, and she felt like she wasn’t worthy of liking Pete at all. 
That was why she didn’t even dare to bring herself to meet him recently. 
On top of that, she was even harboring those feelings for him… 
Mia was close to driving herself mad. 
The more she tried to curb her feelings, the more she couldn’t help but think of Peter. 
It was to the extent that her heart would subconsciously start pounding a little faster whenever she heard his name… 
Yet when she saw him, she couldn’t help but be filled with trepidation and panic. 
Just as her imagination was running wild, Peter slowly squatted down in front of her. He suddenly said, “Did you know, Mia? You actually played the key role in the incident the last time.”
Mia was taken aback. “How so?” 
Peter smiled and answered, “Only sending you the message would give me the biggest peace of mind —because I know that you will definitely pester Mom and Dad to save me.” 
In this world, you are the one who cares about everything I do the most.
###Chapter 1056
Chapter 1056: Brenda’s Secret 
It wasn’t so much that his parents didn’t care about him. 
However, more so than that, they trusted in his capabilities, so they no longer spoiled him as much as they had when he was a child. Sometimes, what his parents wanted more was to train him and let him solve the problem on his own. 
Moreover, his parents were already half-retired. It was Peter’s personal desire to help the researchers leave, and he hadn’t informed them about the situation beforehand, either. Furthermore, he had even been under the watchful eye of the security officers during the emergency. This had prevented him from filling in his parents about the situation. As a result, he could only use the secret code that he had established with Mia. 
If he had hinted at the situation to his parents instead, they definitely wouldn’t have reacted as anxiously as Mia—after all, the two of them knew what he was capable of all too well. 
Mia bit her lip as she listened to Peter. Then, she gave him a smile. 
!! 
Seeing that she had thought things through, Peter breathed a sigh of relief. 
The two of them were only fifteen this year. Neither of them could say for sure how long their budding feelings during their adolescence would last in the face of reality. Therefore, neither of them was going to reveal anything at this point, either. 
In fact, Peter had even thought that perhaps Mia would find a boyfriend after she grew up. 
After chatting a little, the two separated.
Mia went to Tanya. 
When she went over, Tanya was rather surprised. Her daughter had been down in the dumps since she returned from overseas a few days ago, but now it seemed that she had thought things through! 
Amid everyone’s well wishes and congratulations, Peter officially took over as the head of the Hunt Corporation. 
There were quite a lot of guests today—after all, all of them had to show Peter their support. 
Brenda was also here. 
As always, the woman was clad in a red dress, making her a charming and alluring sight. People couldn’t take their eyes off her at all. 
Nora and Justin were currently surrounded by the latter’s third uncle and his wife, who were also Brenda’s parents. 
Their daughter had been putting off marriage forever, making them terribly anxious. Didn’t she know that they were looking forward to grandkids?! 
“Hey, Nora. You’re her sister-in-law, so I’m sure she’ll listen to you if you talk to her. She’s already thirty; if she continues to put off marriage, she won’t be able to find a good man anymore!” 
Brenda’s mother dabbed at her eyes. 
Brenda’s father was also very troubled. “Wasn’t that young hacker guy from some time back pretty nice? Why did they break up…? Also, I heard he’s still single!” 
Brenda’s mother nodded. “I also heard that Solo is an orphan. He’s pretty much all ready to be our son- in-law. Where are you going to find someone better than him?”
Nora: “…” 
She also wanted to know why Solo and Brenda had broken up. Even though Solo had been persistently trying to court Brenda, the woman simply wouldn’t stop hiding from him! 
She thought for a moment and then said, “Alright, I’ll talk to her when I have the time.” 
“Okay.” 
Brenda’s mother didn’t pester her any further. 
Out of all the Hunts, she understood the best just how infamous Nora was for her indolence. She was reluctant to take on any kind of responsibilities and would rather spend that time sleeping instead. 
Also, she never made promises to anyone easily. 
Now that she had given her word that she would talk to Brenda, this meant that she would definitely try to help. 
As for Nora herself, she also felt that it was about time she did something. 
Before this, she hadn’t wanted to interfere with Brenda and Solo’s relationship because, for one, she felt that they were already adults—it wasn’t like they were kids like Cherry and Pete—and everyone had the right to choose how they wanted to spend their lives. For another, the two of them might not want her to interfere, either. 
But now, with Solo unable to improve the situation, as Brenda’s sister-in-law, she had no choice but to do something. 
She sighed silently.
When was trouble ever going to stop? 
This was no doubt going to keep her from her beauty sleep again! 
Both the host and the guests enjoyed themselves at the party. Soon, the party ended. As the host, Peter went to see the guests out while Nora and Justin slacked off behind the scenes. 
Nora kept observing Brenda. 
Solo was out on a mission today, so he hadn’t attended the party. Though Brenda had a smile on, there was some forlornness in her eyes. 
At this point, her cell phone rang. 
She looked at it and hurriedly answered the phone call. The caller said something, upon which Brenda immediately replied, “Okay, I’m on my way.” 
Then, she hurriedly left. 
Nora looked at her and then exchanged a look with Justin. 
Both of them knew that the reason for Brenda’s rejection of Solo probably lay right in this phone call. 
They followed after her immediately.
###Chapter 1057
Chapter 1057: Brenda Has a Secret Lover? 
Brenda got into her car immediately after she left. The way she looked like she was in a huge hurry made her seem somewhat anxious, and she didn’t notice that Nora and Justin were behind her. 
Nora followed behind her in a car. 
After some time, they arrived at a villa on the outskirts of New York. 
Brenda stopped the car, got out, and started walking toward the villa. However, she had only taken a couple of steps when she stopped and returned to the car. 
By the time she came out of the car again, she had already changed into another set of clothes. 
!! 
The red gown was now a black dress, turning her from a vibrant and gorgeous woman into a dignified and self-composed one. 
Her actions confused Nora. Brenda had even beaten red lights just to race all the way here, so why did she change her clothes after she arrived? 
Also, what was this place? 
After Brenda entered the villa, Justin finally said, “This is her villa.” 
Nora: “?” 
Did this mean that Brenda had really found another man? Was she even keeping her secret lover here?
She broke into a frown. 
To avoid disturbing Brenda, the two waited outside quietly. 
After a good four to five hours—Nora even managed to take a nap during this time—Brenda finally came out of the villa in a different black dress. Her hair was damp, and it was obvious that she had just taken a bath. 
Brenda got into her car and left. 
Just as Nora and Justin were about to get out of their car and approach the villa to have a look around and see who exactly the villa was housing, a skinny figure suddenly rushed over to the villa. 
It was… Solo? 
So, apart from them, Solo was tailing Brenda, too? 
Solo had an awful look on his countenance. He stared hard at the door of the villa, seemingly never having even considered the possibility that Brenda was keeping a lover here. 
He then thought of how Brenda had come out of the villa looking like she had just taken a bath. On top of that, her cheeks were even rosy. It was obvious that she’d just done some exercise. 
And she even changed her clothes… 
No matter how he looked at it, it was the complete picture of someone committing adultery! 
The corners of Nora’s lips spasmed a little, and she finally got out of the car and walked up to Solo. 
At the sound of footsteps coming from behind, Solo turned around. When he saw Nora, his eyes immediately reddened as though he had just seen someone whom he could depend on. He said, “Say, Anti, just what exactly am I doing wrong? Why is Brenny doing this to me?”
Nora: “…” 
But before she could even say anything, Solo lost it. He said, “I don’t believe this is happening. My eyes must be playing tricks on me. The woman who went in isn’t Brenny, right? Although she makes dirty jokes all the time, she’s actually never been a promiscuous woman. I was her first man, as well as her only one… She would never cast me aside!” 
Solo clenched his fists. 
“… Actually, you don’t have to be like this. If you want to know what’s going on, why don’t you just knock on the door?” 
Solo: “!!” 
He knew that the truth would present itself before him the instant he knocked, of course. The problem was—he didn’t dare to. 
He was afraid that his guess would turn into reality. 
He could never accept it if that happened—because after Brenda started ignoring him, he had thought of every possible reason under the sun except this one! 
He trusted Brenda… 
While he was in a dilemma, Nora went straight up to the door and pressed the doorbell. 
Solo: “…” 
Solo was also scared that he wanted to turn and flee, but a moment later, he heard a woman’s voice coming from the door. “Who is it?”
Then, the door opened. 
A middle-aged lady who looked to be in her fifties or sixties stood at the door and looked at them in trepidation. “Who are you looking for?” 
Solo heaved a sigh of relief. 
However, the next instant, he heard the middle-aged lady ask, “Are you looking for my son? He’s already asleep…” 
Her son… 
Solo’s mind instantly went blank. 
So, Brenda was not only keeping a pretty boy secret lover but also taking care of his entire family?! 
While he was lost in thought, Nora asked, “Oh, I saw Brenda leave this villa just now. May I know how she is related to your son?” 
Solo tensed up at once and looked at the middle-aged lady nervously. 
The lady smiled and answered, “Oh, Brenda? She’s my daughter-in-law!” 
“…” 
“Daughter-in-law”… and “My son is already asleep”… 
The combination of these words immediately turned Solo as pale as a sheet! 
Was Brenda already… married to someone else?
###Chapter 1058
Chapter 1058: He’s Still Alive?! 
Solo felt as if his mind had gone completely blank, and he felt a little unsteady on his feet. 
He turned away in shock, not quite sure who or where he should be looking, or what he should do at this moment. 
After a brief silence, Nora asked, “What’s your son’s name?” 
The lady answered, “Oh, my son? He’s a really tall and handsome chap! His name is Marcus, and he’s a police officer. Do you guys know each other?” 
Marcus? 
!! 
Though Nora was puzzled, she did find the name somewhat familiar. 
In contrast, it was Solo who suddenly understood what was going on. He stared at the lady in front of him in disbelief and then suddenly took a step back, his face turning even paler than before. 
Nora, who detected his unusual reaction, looked at the lady again and asked, “Ma’am, has your son been staying here all along?” 
“Yeah!” The lady smiled and said, “Shh, keep it down, my son is asleep. If you’re looking for my daughter-in-law, how about I give her a phone call for you?” 
Nora nodded. 
The lady then closed the door.
Nora looked at Solo, who explained, “Marcus… He is Brenda’s comrade who died protecting her back then, but isn’t he dead?” 
Nora’s eyes narrowed at Solo’s words. 
No wonder she had found his name so familiar just now. She’d heard about Brenda’s past where Solo had, due to a freak combination of factors, accidentally caused Marcus to die while saving Brenda. 
This was also why it had been impossible between Solo and Brenda back then. 
Later, Solo had made countless attempts to redeem himself, which ultimately made Brenda relent and change her mind. The pair had been about to get engaged when Brenda suddenly started to reject him again and insisted on breaking off the engagement… 
So, had all that been because of Marcus’ return? 
Nora looked at the villa again. Suddenly, the voice of the middle-aged lady from earlier reached their ears. “Oh, you’re awake, son?” 
“Yeah. Who’s outside, Mom?” The other party’s voice belonged to a man. 
“I don’t know, just a few passers-by. They are probably your wife’s friends. By the way, when are the two of you going to have kids? I can’t wait to have grandkids!” 
“Well… it’s no hurry! Aren’t we already trying our best?” 
“…” 
The rest of the conversation was too soft to be audible; it was likely that they had gone into another room. 
Solo turned even paler. For a moment, he didn’t know whether he should feel guilty or scared.
Was it possible for the dead to come back to life? 
Or… had Marcus been alive all along? 
But Marcus had died in an explosion while trying to save Brenda, and his body had even been laid to rest. How could he possibly still be alive? 
Nora and Justin exchanged a look. 
Justin was currently tapping away on his cell phone. After a while, he passed the phone to her. During that short while, Justin had already hacked into the government network and was checking the information in the police system. 
Marcus’ status was verified as deceased. 
Solo was still lost in thought. Nora looked at him and said, “Rather than puzzling over it here, let’s just ask the person involved and find out what exactly is going on.” 
Since they were unsure about the situation with the man inside the villa, they couldn’t possibly force their way in. Their only option now was to contact Brenda. 
Nora called Brenda, who answered right away. 
She sounded rather tired. “Hi, Nora. What’s up?” 
Nora asked, “What on earth is going on with Marcus?” 
Brenda fell silent. 
Nora looked at the villa. “We’re outside the villa right now. If you don’t explain what’s going on, I can’t promise you that Solo won’t force his way in.”
The moment she said that, Brenda immediately panicked and said, “Don’t! I… I’ll come back right away… no, wait, let’s meet at the café at the entrance of the neighborhood instead.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up, Nora and Justin took the despondent Solo with them and went to the café. 
As soon as they entered, they saw Brenda racing over in the car. She entered the café immediately after she parked. 
Solo had already gotten up from his seat and was looking at her in shock. “What on earth is going on, Brenny? Is Marcus still alive?!”
###Chapter 1059
Chapter 1059: The Truth 
A hesitant look formed in Brenda’s eyes when she saw Solo. 
A moment later, she lowered her gaze and suddenly said, “Come with me, guys.” 
Then, she headed straight toward the villa. 
The group followed after her. Brenda took out a card key, swiped it at the entrance, and opened the door. 
When Nora and the others saw how well she knew her way around the house, they couldn’t help but exchange a look with one another. From the looks of it, Brenda often came over. It was likely she treated the villa as her home. 
!! 
After Brenda entered, the middle-aged lady from earlier appeared. When she saw Brenda and the people behind her, she smiled and said, “You’re back, Brenda? They must be your friends. Here, make yourselves at home! I’ll get you guys some coffee.” 
Without giving them a chance to refuse, she went into the kitchen and began to boil some water. 
Brenda pointed to the sofa and gestured for them to have a seat. 
Then, she entered the kitchen and said, “Let me do it, Mom.” 
Solo’s heart sank. 
Brenda had called her “Mom”…
And she had even been so natural when she did it. 
He clenched his fists. 
However, the lady frowned and said, “Shoo, shoo. Go and keep the guests company instead. Mom can handle all these just fine.” 
She ushered Brenda out of the kitchen and then said with a smile, “I’ll go up and wake Marcus. How can he continue sleeping when there are guests in the house? Geez! I’ll get him to go get some nice little snacks or something!” 
Brenda’s expression turned a little nervous. 
However, she didn’t say anything. The lady then went up the stairs and pushed the door to the master bedroom open. She called out, “Hey, Marcus! Go out and get some snacks! We have guests in the house!” 
A man’s voice was then heard coming from the second floor. “Alright, Mom.” 
The lady then came back down and continued making coffee. 
When Solo heard the voice from the upper floor, his expression turned even more awful. 
Moreover, it sounded like the voice had come from the master bedroom… 
Solo got onto his feet to charge upstairs. 
His fists clenched again and again, but he ultimately forced himself to resist the urge. 
He didn’t want to make things difficult for Brenda. 
If Brenda really was already married, he didn’t want to break up her family.
As though all the strength in him had suddenly left him, he sat back down on the sofa. 
At this point, the lady had finished making the coffee and brought it over. She said, “You guys are Brenda’s friends, right? You should talk some sense into her… She’s already in her thirties. It’s about time she considers having kids…” 
Solo lowered his gaze. 
At this point, the lady suddenly looked at the stairs and got up. “Why isn’t Marcus here yet? I’ll get him.” 
She then went up the stairs again. 
However, a short while later, she suddenly screamed. 
Brenda rushed up the stairs anxiously. 
Nora and Justin followed closely behind her. 
Solo was the only one who stayed where he was. However, after hesitating for a moment, he still decided to follow them upstairs. 
When Nora arrived on the upper floor, she noticed that the door to the master bedroom was ajar. The lady’s voice could be heard coming from within. “Marcus? Marcus! What happened?! Quick, get the doctor here!” 
Nora rushed into the room immediately. 
She was a doctor and could save the patient in times of emergency. 
But when she went in, she saw the lady collapsed on the floor. Brenda was squatting beside her and pulling her arm. “Mom, it’s okay, it’s okay. Marcus is fine…”
“No, he’s not! Doctor, doctor!” 
The lady screamed. 
Nora quickly stepped forward and said calmly, “I’m a doctor. What’s wrong?” 
As soon as she heard Nora, the lady grabbed her hand and said, “Please, save my son! Save my son!” 
Nora’s gaze followed the direction where she was pointing and looked at the bed. 
The lady screamed, “Why isn’t my son waking up? Why isn’t he getting up?!” 
Nora’s expression instantly changed. 
There was nobody on the bed at all.
###Chapter 1060
Chapter 1060: So That’s What Had Happened 
Surprised, she looked at Brenda, who shook her head at her and then continued to comfort the middle- aged lady. She said, “Mom, why don’t you go outside first? I’ll wake him up. Don’t worry, everything is okay…” 
“What do you mean everything is okay?! Something must have happened! I’m not blind! Tell me, what exactly is going on with Marcus?!” 
The lady gripped Brenda’s hands tightly, her emotions gradually changing. She demanded, “Tell me, did you guys have an argument? Or is it because you’re unwilling to have children with my son? Is that why he became like this? Brenda, how can you reject having children with him? You’re too much!” 
After speaking, she immediately started hitting and kicking Brenda! 
Brenda held her tightly, not at all bothered even when the lady hit her a few times. It was Nora who couldn’t stand to watch her actions any longer that knocked the lady out with a karate chop to the neck. Only then did the commotion stop. 
!! 
The huge skirmish had already made Brenda all out of breath, and even her clothes and hair were in a total mess. She sighed and said, “I’ll go take another bath.” 
Nora nodded. 
After giving the lady some medicine to calm her down, she left the room. 
The trio waited for Brenda downstairs.
After the incident just now, Solo had understood something. “So, she had taken a bath earlier because of this? It wasn’t because she was married!” 
He paced back and forth as he said, “What on earth is going on, though? Why does she think that Marcus is alive? And who is that man who was talking in the room?” 
While the trio was thinking, Brenda came down the stairs. 
She toweled her damp hair and collapsed onto the sofa. She was so exhausted that she was close to collapsing. 
The others didn’t urge her to hurry. 
After Brenda caught her breath, she finally sighed and said, “That’s an AI system.” 
“What?” 
Solo was taken aback. 
Brenda tossed a pair of spectacles to him and gestured for him to put them on. The moment Solo did, a figure appeared in front of him, giving Solo such a huge shock that he couldn’t help but take a step back. 
In his vision, Marcus moved somewhat stiffly and unnaturally. 
The figure said, “Hi, friend!” 
It was Marcus’ voice. 
Brenda rubbed her temples. “Marcus’ mom has been denying the fact that Marcus is already dead. I don’t know who tricked her, but they inserted a chip into her eyes that allowed her to see and even talk to Marcus. Her mental health is terrible, and we are not allowed to say that Marcus has already passed
away… The chip isn’t very stable, though, and ‘Marcus’ would sometimes freeze and stop moving. When that happens, she panics and calls me. I was here just now to calm her down and reboot the system.” 
Solo asked, “Then she was referring to you as her daughter-in-law because…?” 
Brenda sighed and answered, “In her eyes, Marcus and I are married. That’s why she keeps calling me her daughter-in-law… She has also been dying for a grandchild.” 
Brenda lowered her head. 
However, Solo understood what was going on. He stepped forward and held Brenda’s hands. “So, this is why you’ve been rejecting me?” 
Brenda nodded. 
Solo, however, was close to tears. He said, “But I don’t mind at all! I can support her and keep her company with you! I can even treat her like she’s my mom!” 
Brenda gave him a wry smile and said, “And then? What kind of identity are you going to use to stay by her side?” 
Her question stumped Solo. 
Brenda lowered her head and said, “I’ve never considered marriage at all in the past anyway, so let’s just keep things this way. I’m pretty okay with how things stand now.” 
She then pointed at the door and added, “You can leave now. Don’t ever look for me again.”
###Chapter 1061
Chapter 1061: Come With Me 
However, Solo remained where he was. 
Suddenly, he said, “Is the gadget broken? I’ll take a look at it.” 
He looked around the room before looking in the direction where the sound was coming from. There, he spotted a black box. He went over, opened the box, and began to study the electrical wiring inside. 
As he did, he remarked, “This is an outdated version. They don’t set up new ones like this anymore, so she certainly has been tricked. Here, I’ll update the system.” 
While he spoke, he started to get down to work. 
!! 
Brenda opened and then shut her mouth as she looked at him, hesitant to speak. When she was about to say something, Solo said, “To be honest, you don’t have to feel so guilty about it. I’m the one who caused his death. If someone must make up for it, then I should be the one doing it, not you. You really don’t have to… make up for it with the rest of your entire life.” 
Brenda shut her mouth. 
To be honest, she didn’t feel like she had done anything wrong. But when she got engaged to Solo, Marcus’ mother had approached her, stared straight into her eyes, and asked, “Are you getting engaged when my son died for you?” 
Because of that, she couldn’t bring herself to say those words anymore.
She felt awfully guilty and horrible, which made her give up thinking about the matter altogether. She threw herself into her work and used it to numb herself. 
All her missions had actually been highly dangerous the last few years, and she had suffered grievous injuries as a result. Sometimes, she even wondered if all of this would end if she just gave her life back to Marcus? 
But this was impossible… 
She took a deep breath. At this point, Nora suddenly grabbed her arm. 
She said, “Come with me.” 
Her words took Brenda by surprise. 
Solo didn’t pay them any attention but continued to fix the black box instead. 
Brenda then left the villa with Nora. 
This time, Justin didn’t follow them. 
After making Brenda get into the passenger seat, Nora took out her cell phone and dialed Morris’ number. 
Morris soon picked up the call. 
His voice was calm and steady as he asked, “Is something the matter, Nora?” 
“Can I come over to the special department?” 
Morris’ voice deepened a little as he answered, “You are always welcome here.”
Nora hung up. 
Next to her, Brenda, who wanted to lighten up the mood, remarked, “Are you sure you should be flirting with another man in front of me, Nora? Aren’t you afraid that Justin would be jealous?” 
Nora didn’t answer her. 
Her stern demeanor made Brenda drop the flippant act, and she didn’t dare to joke around anymore. 
Soon, they arrived at the special department. 
Nora stopped the car, got out with Brenda, and entered from the main entrance. 
Morris, who was in his office, was standing at the window and watching them. 
His secretary came in and asked, “It’s time to knock off, Captain Ford. Aren’t you leaving?” 
“No, I still have something to do.” 
Morris replied. 
Surprised, the secretary asked, “Is there a case that needs our attention? Do you need my help? We…” 
“No, it’s fine. You guys can go.” 
“… Alright, then.” 
The secretary didn’t know why Morris, who usually knocked off on the dot, was working overtime today, but she was greatly relieved that she didn’t have to work overtime along with him. 
Thus, everyone left the office.
Nora entered the special department with Brenda. The latter had once worked there for a period of time, so she knew everyone there and was on good terms with them. After greeting them all, she finally asked, “Where are we going, Nora?” 
As soon as she popped the question, Nora stopped in front of a door with Brenda. She gazed at the door and then answered, “We’re here.” 
She pushed the door open. 
When Brenda got a clear look at the room, she was stunned.
###Chapter 1062
Chapter 1062: The Founder of the Special Department 
The secluded room was shrouded completely in darkness, and there were no windows inside. When Nora opened the door, the sensor-operated lights switched on, lighting up the room with a dim yellow light and allowing Brenda to take a good look at the interior. 
The walls were filled with black and white headshots. 
Nora entered the room. Brenda followed after her and looked at the photographs one by one. 
Underneath the black and white portraits were not even names but just serial codes. It was as though they were afraid of having their identities discovered even when they were in the special department. 
Though Brenda had worked here before, she had never stepped into this room before because she knew very well that this was where those who had died in the line of duty were. 
!! 
Nora said, “I don’t know what it’s like in Interpol, but here in America, these people are honored for their sacrifice. These brave soldiers sacrificed themselves for the country and for the people, but they have never demanded anything in return. Even after their deaths, they refuse to leave behind even their names, for fear that they may implicate their family. 
“Brenda, when you joined this line of work, have you ever thought that you would die in the line of duty? Would you cower in fear and be hesitant to take action while carrying out missions because you’re afraid that you would die? 
“Would you want your teammates to live the rest of their lives in atonement after you die in the line of duty, unable to ever escape from the curse? There is no problem with looking after a deceased teammate’s family, but is there a need for you to do it in such a lowly manner?
“Marcus may have died and sacrificed his life while trying to save you, but before he died, I’m sure he wouldn’t have wanted you to become his wife after his death to take care of his aging mother! 
“The two of you are comrades! The two of you are brothers-in-arms! The frontline is no place for romance! At the bottom of it all, Marcus didn’t die for your sake; he died in the line of duty while trying to catch Barbarian! He died for the greater good; for Barbarian’s future victims, and for the ones whom he had already killed! 
“But what are you doing now? You’ve cheapened Marcus’ sacrifice! 
“Take a good look at these people… After their deaths, their comrades will certainly become their brothers and help them to take care of their families, but they will never sacrifice themselves to do so! Neither will they allow themselves to become their wives!” 
Nora rarely spoke this much. If it wasn’t because she wanted to give Brenda a wake-up call, she couldn’t even be bothered to talk to her. 
The woman had forced herself into a dead end, and her actions had sullied Marcus’ sacrifice. 
Marcus’ death had indeed been partially due to Brenda and his own personal feelings, but it was more a sacrifice in the line of duty as an Interpol officer while trying to catch a criminal than anything else. 
His sacrifice was for the people! 
Brenda was stunned. 
She naturally understood all these, but she simply couldn’t accept it psychologically. 
But in this instant, as she gazed at the wall of photographs of officers who had died in the line of duty, a solemn look came over Brenda’s countenance, and she suddenly realized that her actions had indeed cheapened Marcus’ sacrifice.
From a brave soldier who died trying to protect the country, it had turned him into an infatuated man who died for mere love and romance! 
Brenda’s eyes reddened. 
She suddenly looked at Nora and said, “I understand now, Nora!” 
Nora knew that Brenda would probably still need some time to think things through, but this was as much as she could do for her. The rest would depend on herself. 
She nodded. 
The pair stayed wordlessly in the room for a while and paid their respects to the warriors who gave their lives selflessly for others. 
Footsteps suddenly came from the door at this point. 
As Morris stood at the door, his deep voice suddenly reached them. “Wanna know who founded the special department?” He asked. 
Both Nora and Brenda looked over in unison. 
Admiration filled Morris’ eyes as he said, “I’ve never met the founder, but we all know him as Commander Xavier.”
###Chapter 1063
Chapter 1063: They Are Legends 
Morris took a step forward and explained, “The founder’s story has already become a legend. Nobody knows how much of it is true, but it’s said that humans had gained superpowers during that time, and many used their superpowers for evil. Commander Xavier established the special department to protect regular humans.” 
He looked at Brenda and said, “Commander Xavier’s real name is Hugh Xavier. I heard his wife was also part of the special department back then. Once, when Commander Xavier was out of commission, she had led the special department to achieve various victories. The two ultimately retreated to the background and lived in seclusion in the end. 
“The two of them were not just husband and wife but also comrades-in-arms. Commander Xavier’s wife was a reticent woman, and the couple rarely spoke sweet nothings to each other like other married couples. But when they stood next to each other, they gave people the feeling that two of the mightiest people had formed a powerful alliance, and it was as if they knew exactly what the other was thinking. When Commander Xavier’s wife was wanted by the entire world, he was willing to make an enemy of the whole world for her sake. 
“They, who served the country and the people and also did everything they could for each other, then became the legends of the special department.” 
Morris went on and said, “It’s also because that era was simply too glorious and spawned too many legends that people, in the pursuit of power, started developing an interest in genetic research. That was what led to our existing V1 to V16 gene serums. At the core of it all, these gene serums are actually humanity’s attempts at overcoming their limits. They dream of becoming as powerful as those super-humans, but little do they know that all those people who once possessed superpowers just wanted to become ordinary humans once more.”
!! 
After saying all these, Morris realized that he had said a little too much. He then added, “Commander Xavier once said that with great power comes great responsibility. If your comrade-in-arms has died in the line of duty, then all the more you must take on their share of duty and live on properly instead of losing yourself in your grief. 
“His wife, Simone Xavier, once lost a friend with red hair. After her friend’s death, she dyed her own hair red and lived an exciting life in her friend’s stead. All of them have never complained or regretted what they’ve done.” 
As Nora listened to Morris, she suddenly found herself longing to live in that era. 
As for Brenda, she balled up her fists. A wry smile formed on her countenance as she said, “I really was splitting hairs over minor issues, huh.” 
After chatting for a while longer, Nora’s cell phone suddenly rang. She stepped aside and answered the call. The caller, Lisa, said, “I’m at the villa now, Nora. Marcus’ mom’s mental illness stems from psychological reasons, not physical ones, so it’s actually out of our control. At the bottom of it all, the truth is that she’s not sick at all; she’s just doing all this to numb her pain. As for insisting that Brenda is her daughter-in-law… my guess is that she’s jealous of her in a way.” 
She was jealous that Brenda was living her life properly when her son was dead. 
To be honest, this was a perfectly understandable mindset. 
A couple of days ago, Nora had even seen the news about an 18-year-old boy who saved a 16-year- old girl who was drowning. While the girl had survived, the boy had died. 
The boy’s parents were unable to bring themselves to forgive the girl and were unwilling to meet her.
It was obvious that Marcus’ mom wanted Brenda to suffer along with her so that she could feel better. 
She sighed silently. 
Elsewhere. 
When Nora stepped aside to pick up a phone call, Brenda came up to Morris and stood next to him. She followed his line of sight and looked at Nora, who was standing near them, from the back. 
Brenda suddenly asked, “Captain Ford, have you stayed single all these years because of Nora?” 
Her words took Morris by surprise. 
Brenda went on. “Do you also want a wife like Commander Xavier’s? A soulmate whom you can also form a powerful alliance with and who knows what exactly is on your mind?” 
Morris fell silent. 
He had never told anyone about his feelings. 
He didn’t expect Brenda to still detect them.
###Chapter 1064
Chapter 1064: Solo and Brenda 
Nora returned after the phone call to find the atmosphere around Morris and Brenda a bit strange. However, she didn’t dwell on it too much. Instead, she said to Brenda, “Let’s go.” 
“Oh, okay.” 
Brenda followed Nora out. After they got into the car, they returned to the villa. 
Justin was still using his cell phone on the sofa as he waited for them. 
As for Solo, he was occupied with the gadget. After dismantling the box, he had changed its components to the best ones available and was installing them at the moment. Upon noticing the two ladies, both men turned to face them. 
!! 
Solo gazed at Brenda with a scorching look in his eyes while Justin gave Nora a gentle smile. 
The man was not only smiling more often these days but also becoming more and more charismatic. 
Nora shifted her gaze to the upper floor and said, “I’ll go check up on Marcus’ mom.” 
“Okay.” 
Upstairs, Lily and a psychologist were giving Marcus’ mom a checkup. The woman, who had already come to, screamed, “Stay away from me! Marcus, help! Save me!” 
When Nora entered, Marcus’ mom looked at her in panic. “Who are you? What are you trying to do to me? Where’s my daughter-in-law? Brenda, save me!”
Nora cast her eyes down and said, “Why don’t you just drop the act?” 
Marcus’ mom paused. However, a brief moment later, she continued to scream. “Marcus! Where’s Marcus?! Brenda! Help!” 
Next to her, Lily said, “This is Anti, the renowned surgeon and cornerstone of the Alternative Medicine Association. Identifying medical symptoms is as easy as ABC to her. Feigning illness is pointless in front of her, Mrs. Robinson.” 
Mrs. Robinson was Marcus’ mother. 
Lily had avoided referring to her as Marcus’ mother as she felt that the term of address would sadden her further. 
When Mrs. Robinson heard what Lily said, she quietened down at last. 
Nora looked at her and said, “I know it’s difficult for you, but the ones who have already passed wouldn’t want you to torment the ones who are still alive.” 
Mrs. Robinson immediately screamed, “Why?!” 
Tears trickled down her cheeks as she screamed, “Why should she be allowed to marry another man when my son is dead?! My son loves her! He died trying to save her!” 
However, Nora replied, “No, your son died because he was trying to catch a fugitive. Helping and protecting his teammate is part of his duty! Even if the person in danger hadn’t been Brenda, his superior, he would still be obligated to put his life on the line to save them! That’s what it means to be teammates!” 
Mrs. Robinson bit her lip and kept quiet.
She lowered her head and said, “But I just can’t accept this… I just can’t…” 
In the middle of the conversation, Mrs. Robinson suddenly looked up to see Brenda at the door. 
At the sight of her, she immediately hung her head in guilt. 
She’d thought that Brenda would be furious and upset, but unexpectedly, she entered the room and looked at her instead. However, before Brenda could speak… Thud! 
Solo entered the room and got down on his knees in front of Mrs. Robinson. 
Everyone in the room was stunned. 
Solo said, “I’m an orphan who doesn’t have parents. If you’re alright with me, I can take care of you like your son in the future. Will you accept me?” 
His eyes reddened as he added, “I will treat you just like how Marcus had! I will take care of you for the rest of your life!” 
He sighed and said, “Brenda is not the main cause of Marcus’ death; I am. If you must torment someone, then please just do it to me. She didn’t do anything wrong.” 
Brenda clenched her jaw, her eyes reddening. 
Mrs. Robinson stared at Solo. Suddenly, she also fell to her knees and started to hit him. “You killed my son! You killed him! Why is my son dead when all of you are still alive? Sob…” 
But as she continued to hit him, she suddenly put her arms around him and said, “Fine, I want you to be my son from now on! You must take care of my every need and want for the rest of your life! I am going to torment you from now on… And you!”
She looked at Brenda and said, “I want you to be my daughter-in-law and wait on me every day!” 
Using the most vicious tone possible, the woman uttered the kindest words in the world. 
Tears rolled down the cheeks of Brenda, who understood what she meant, again. She nodded and said, “Okay, I understand, Mom!” 
Solo also echoed Brenda and said, “Okay, Mom!”
###Chapter 1065
Chapter 1065: Princess Lucy is Here! 
Five months later. 
In the middle of the night. 
Nora and Justin were asleep at home when they suddenly heard sounds from outside. 
In the dark, they opened their eyes at the same time and shifted their gazes to the outside warily. 
Both of them were already half-retired by now. They spent their time sleeping and relaxing at home nearly every day and only went traveling once in a while. One could say that they had basically already washed their hands of the affairs in the outside world. 
!! 
They now led extremely peaceful lives with hardly anyone ever coming to bother them. 
So, who was this oblivious little burglar? 
The two exchanged a look. Then, Nora sat up and stretched. She was about to hop off the bed when Justin held her arm and said, “I’ll do it. You can continue sleeping.” 
“… Alright.” 
Nora promptly lay back down. A moment later, her breathing became even again. 
Justin couldn’t help but be amused as he gazed at her. 
She sure wasn’t worried about him at all, huh?
Justin put on a light jacket and exited the room. His footsteps were soft and nearly silent to the people outside. Then, he heard a light rattle from a window in one of the rooms on the second floor. 
He raised his brows, walked over, and held the door handle quietly. 
The burglar in there likely had some pretty good moves, or they wouldn’t have been able to get past the tight security at home. He pushed the door open abruptly and entered the room in a flash, whereupon he immediately sensed someone throwing a punch at him. His head ducked to the side leisurely before he grabbed the intruder’s fist. Just as he grabbed the intruder and was about to dislocate their shoulder, the intruder said, “Dad! Wait, Dad! Go easy on me!” 
Justin: “?” 
He let go of the intruder and switched on the lights. Only then did he realize that the intruder was actually Alexander. 
The sixteen-year-old Alexander was not only sneaking around but had also entered Peter’s bedroom instead of his own. 
Now that Peter had taken over the company, in order to have him focus on managing the company and get accustomed to it as quickly as possible, Justin had generously gifted him an apartment in the building next to the company and told him to move there. 
He didn’t want the boy to come home every night to pester Nora for help in business management in the name of learning… 
Besides, were there really that many things he didn’t know anyway?! 
When he was little, hadn’t he also figured everything out himself whenever there was something he didn’t know how to do?
Moreover, Nora also needed her sleep! 
After going abroad for the competition and returning with the champion trophy, Cheryl was now a proper university student, so she wasn’t living with them, either. As a result, he and Nora were the only ones at home now. Life couldn’t get any better than this. 
But Alexander was actually back now… 
Justin frowned and asked, “Aren’t you supposed to be in the UK? Why are you back?” 
Alexander grinned and replied, “Aww, you know, I miss you and Mom, so I came back to visit.” 
“Through the window?” 
Alexander coughed and said, “Well, I didn’t want anyone to know that I’m back.” 
Then, he opened Peter’s closet, took out his pajamas, and put them on. The brothers were of similar statures, so they could wear each other’s clothes. 
When Justin noticed his son’s somewhat skinny figure, he kept quiet for a moment before he asked, “Is the Queen not treating you well?” 
“Nah. There’s good food and fine wine every day, so life’s pretty good there.” 
“Then why are you back?” 
“Ugh, Dad, don’t ask, alright? Aren’t you sleepy? Come on, just go back and sleep with Mom. Oh, by the way, don’t let outsiders know that I’m back!” 
As Alexander spoke, he entered Peter’s bathroom with an unused bath towel.
Justin: “…” 
He couldn’t help but gaze somewhat thoughtfully at the bathroom. 
The next day. 
When Justin and Nora woke up, they saw Alexander having breakfast on the ground floor. 
After he was done, he patted his belly and said, “American cuisine is the best, after all! I’m so sick of the food there that I was close to throwing up!” 
Nora raised her brows. She had already heard about his return from Justin when she woke up, so she wasn’t surprised to see him. She said, “Have more, then. Why do you look like you lost weight?” 
“Hmph, Mom and Dad weren’t with me, so there wasn’t anyone who loves me enough to take care of me, I suppose.” 
As Alexander spoke, he walked over and held Nora’s arm. He said impishly, “Hey, Mom. Spend some time with me today? Aren’t you tired of staring at that old man every day?” 
Justin, the 35-year-old “old man”: “” 
He suddenly felt like his fists were itching! 
However, at this moment, the butler suddenly came in and said, “Ma’am, Princess Lucy is here.” 
The instant the words left the butler’s lips, Alexander jumped and said, “Dad, Mom. I’m going to hide for a while. Don’t tell her I’m here, okay? Just say that I haven’t been back at all!” 
Then, he ran upstairs as swiftly as the wind. 
Nora and Justin: “?”
###Chapter 1066: Who Am I? (8) 
Qiao Lian’s first reaction was to spin her head around to look at Shen Liangchuan at the dining table. 
Seeing that he was eating his dinner peacefully and not paying attention to her, she spoke furtively into the phone, “What do you want?” 
“I’ll go and look for you.” 
“No!” Qiao Lian panicked and started fumbling. 
However, she certainly had to clarify their relationship for her own sake. 
Just in case she had really committed bigamy, would both Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze sue her
At this thought, she contemplated it for a moment and said, “Let’s meet in a cafe.” 
Although Lu Nanze did not understand why she wanted to meet in a cafe, he agreed to do so. 
After she hung up, she put on a nonchalant expression and returned to the dining table. Then she turned to Shen Liangchuan and said, “Why don’t you rest here? I have to go out for a short while.” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at her intently with a frown. He nodded after a moment. 
Qiao Lian opened the front door and stepped out of the house. 
After considering it briefly, he followed her. 
– 
Qiao Lian arrived at the cafe she had arranged to meet Lu Nanze. When she stepped in, Lu Nanze got to his feet. His dark and gloomy eyes followed her closely and he spoke in a commanding tone to her, “Qiao Lian, the wound on your head hasn’t recovered, you’re not supposed to leave the hospital. Go back to the hospital with me.” 
Qiao Lian grabbed Lu Nanze’s hand. Ignoring everything he had just said, she asked him, “You said you’re my husband. Do we have a marriage certificate?” 
Upon hearing this, he paused for a moment and then said, “Not yet, but we—” 
“And so do you know… Shen Liangchuan?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes at these words. He stared at her and asked, “Who told you about him? Or do you still have memories of him?” 
Even after suffering memory loss, had she forgotten everyone else but Shen Liangchuan
Lu Nanze felt a sharp pain in his heart. 
Even if she remembered Shen Liangchuan, he was determined not to let her go. 
At this point, he grabbed her hand and insisted, “Qiao Lian, leave with me at once.” 
The next moment, just as he was about to force Qiao Lian to leave with him, Qiao Lian waved her hand, irritated, and plunked herself down on the chair. She said in a raised voice, “Hey! Lu Nanze, we can’t be doing this. It’s not right!” 
Given Lu Nanze’s reaction, she suspected that he knew she was married to Shen Liangchuan. 
Hence, was she indeed having an affair with Lu Nanze behind Shen Liangchuan’s back
How indecent of a person had she been before losing her memory!
How could she have done something like this
Lu Nanze was stupefied by her behavior and protested, “What about… us?” 
Qiao Lian looked at him and said, “We should break up immediately!” 
Lu Nanze was flabbergasted. “Break up?” 
They weren’t even together, how were they going to break up
Qiao Lian was about to continue when, from the corner of her eye, she suddenly saw Shen Liangchuan striding into the cafe. 
She panicked immediately. 
She was dead meat! 
Would Shen Liangchuan lose his temper if he caught her having an affair
At once, she grabbed Lu Nanze. Looking around quickly, she realized that the cafe had no other exit. 
Hence, yanking him behind her, she dashed towards the washroom and shoved him into the single unisex cube. 
Lu Nanze was stumped and asked, “Qiao Lian, what on earth are you doing?” 
“Lu Nanze, Shen Liangchuan is here. Don’t come out! If he caught us having an affair, we’d be dead meat.” 
Lu Nanze was flabbergasted. 
Why did he now suddenly feel as though he was a third party being kept under wraps?!
###Chapter 1067: Who Am I? (9) 
And furthermore, having an affair
Since when had they had an affair
His expression darkened and he started, “Qiao Lian, I’m not afraid of him, I—” 
“I know, I know!” Qiao Lian answered at once. She waved her hand in his face and said, “But we’ve done something wrong to him, so we can’t let him know.” 
Done something wrong to him
He, Lu Nanze, had never felt that he had done anything wrong to that man. 
Before he could say another word, Shen Liangchuan had already stepped through the entrance of the cafe and walked in. 
Lu Nanze opened the restroom door and walked out. He was about to walk back to the dining area when Qiao Lian suddenly reached out and held him back by his head. He was stunned and, in that moment of distraction, was shoved back into the washroom by Qiao Lian. She glared at him fiercely as she turned. “You’d better behave yourself!” 
Following this, there was a loud bang. 
The washroom door had been slammed shut. 
Lu Nanze was flabbergasted. 
In all his life, this was the first time that anyone berated him. 
He reached out to touch his head, his expression had darkened considerably by now. 
In the past, when they had played together as a group, Sun Tzi and the rest had liked to joke around, but no one had ever dared to treat him like this. 
Even Qiao Lian in the past had always been respectful towards him. 
But just now… 
Strangely, when he thought of the stony expression she had put and how she had berated him, he was suddenly reminded of how, in their youth, she had used to berate Sun Tzi in that very same way every time he did something wrong. 
At that time, whenever he saw this, he had felt jealous. 
He didn’t have any siblings, and his parents were always busy with work. No one had ever disciplined him strictly. On the other hand, this sort of disciplining could only come from a family member. It surprisingly gave him a sense of warmth somewhere deep in his heart, at the same time that he was furious. 
The Xiao Qiao he was seeing now made Lu Nanze suddenly feel that they had gone back eight years. nr. c?
The Qiao Lian eight years later was a product of a tough life, a life that had completely worn down her sharp edges. 
The Qiao Lian eight years ago was wilful and unrestrained, it was a part of her that Lu Nanze reminisced. 
He was so taken aback by his own complex emotions that he failed to retaliate. He, the grand young master of the Lu family, ended up hiding in the washroom. 
Meanwhile outside, in the cafe, Qiao Lian immediately waved at Shen Liangchuan when she saw him. She put on her sweetest smile. 
Except that, as an incompetent liar, her eyes wandered everywhere and avoided him entirely. 
Shen Liangchuan looked around and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
“I- I came for a coffee!” She pointed at the table on the side. 
He swept his gaze in this direction and saw two cups on the table. He replied in a casual but cool tone, “You had two cups of coffee?” 
She fumbled for an answer, “Er… I wanted to see if there was a difference between the two flavours.” 
At this point, she saw that Shen Liangchuan’s gaze had started to roam around the cafe. She quickly took a step towards him and grabbed his arm, saying, “Honey, let’s go home.” 
At the sound of “honey,” he felt fuzzy inside. 
He glanced at her. Her clear and bright eyes blinked innocently at him, making her look lively and adorable. 
He sighed. Then his gaze fell on the washroom door. After a pause, he nodded and headed back to the Qiao family home with Qiao Lian. 
Shen Liangchuan had an extremely dashing profile. 
And Qiao Lian felt very secure when she was with him. 
At the same time, he could stir something inside of her. 
It was a completely different feeling from the sense of repulsion she had when she was with Lu Nanze.
###Chapter 1068: Who Am I? (10) 
Qiao Lian concluded that she must have liked Shen Liangchuan before losing her memory. 
She had little recollection of the past, so she acted solely on her instinct now. 
And according to how her heart felt, she was probably in love with Shen Liangchuan but… 
She reached out to touch her abdomen. 
But this child belonged to Lu Nanze somehow. 
What was she going to do about this
Come clean with Shen Liangchuan
Or claim that the child belonged to Shen Liangchuan regardless
It wasn’t that she hadn’t thought about the possibility of Shen Liangchuan being the real father of this baby. 
But… 
The child was in the early stages, there was no way to ascertain this. 
Instinctively, she did not feel in any way inclined to abort the child. 
No matter what, this child must stay. 
Qiao Lian felt most anxious and troubled. 
To the extent that when bedtime came and Shen Liangchuan lay down on her bed, she realized something in retrospect. 
What about tonight?! 
Was she to share her bed with Shen Liangchuan
Although it seemed like her natural instincts did not dislike this at all… 
She wasn’t prepared for this. What was she going to do
After all, to her now, Shen Liangchuan was a total stranger. 
She cleared her throat and sat at the edge of the bed. Looking at him, she attempted to convince him to go to another room. “Eh, hubby…” 
Shen Liangchuan’s gaze shifted to her as he said, “Uh huh, aren’t you tired?” 
“Of course I am!” 
After all, her head had been injured and she had lost a lot of blood. Her eyelids were now fighting to stay open. 
“Go to sleep then.” 
“Huh? But—” 
“Xiao Qiao.” 
“Yes?” 
“Do you want to know how we met?” 
Immediately, her interest was piqued and she nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan patted the spot next to him. Qiao Lian hesitated for a moment and then lay down. 
It was better to clarify the past. 
So that life could quickly get back on the right track. 
Otherwise life would be hell for her, caught between the two men. 
Lying there, she asked, “So how did we meet?” 
How did they meet
After thinking for a moment, he started, “You fell in love with me at first sight.” 
After all, she had pestered him from the moment they first met on the game. Surely it had been love at first sight. 
Qiao Lian was stunned. 
This was shocking to say the least! 
“And then what happened?” 
“And then you came after me in hot pursuit.” 
The way she had pestered him every day to play video games with her and she would never learn, no matter how many times he beat her to pulp in the games. That should qualify as hot pursuit. 
“You had a good family background. Whereas I, to make a living, had to join the entertainment industry.” 
All of this was the truth. 
Qiao Lian’s imagination had started to roam wild from Shen Liangchuan’s contradicting claims. 
In Qiao Lian’s mind, she was already forming images of a wealthy pampered mistress taking liberties with a new actor in the entertainment circle, harassing him and eventually marrying him. 
But since she had married him, why had she had an affair with her childhood sweetheart
As she was puzzling over this, Shen Liangchuan suddenly turned and looked at her. “Xiao Qiao.” 
“What?” 
“You were the one who pestered me to date you.” 
“Ok.” 
“So…” 
“So what?” 
“You have to be responsible for me now.” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
Could she possibly say “no?” 
It seemed not. 
She shut her eyes to pretend she had fallen asleep. But eventually, she really did. 
Shen Liangchuan stared at her in the pale moonlight, and the corners of his lips turned up into a smile. 
After a good night’s sleep, Qiao Lian awoke to a piece of shocking news. 
Auntie Zhang informed her, “Little Missy, Mr. Lu is here! Mr. Shen is hosting him downstairs.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. The clash of the legitimate spouse and the third party… Was it turning into a bloody war zone right now?!
###Chapter 1069: Two Men Vying For A Lady (1) 
At this very thought, Qiao Lian sprang to her feet. 
She dashed out of the room without bothering to wash up. 
She instinctively glanced downstairs as she left the bedroom. 
The bloody battlefield scene she had imagined had not materialized, but the atmosphere in the living room was obviously cold. 
Qiao Lian took the stairs a step at a time, until she came to the ground floor where the two men were. 
Shen Liangchuan asked Lu Nanze, “Mr. Lu, I wonder what brought you here looking for my wife?” 
Lu Nanze replied with a smile, “I’m here to see Qiao Lian and I will speak with her in private.” 
Giving a freezing smile, Shen Liangchuan was about to speak again when Qiao Lian quickly got in between them. 
She first gave Shen Liangchuan a broad smile and then at once turned to glare at Lu Nanze. “What are you doing here?” 
That tone… 
The man’s expression darkened. He glanced at Shen Liangchuan and got to his feet, saying to Qiao Lian, “I’m here to return your mobile phone.” 
As he said this, he reached into his pocket, fished out a cell phone and handed it over to Qiao Lian. 
She was stumped. 
Cell phone
Indeed. 
Ever since she had regained consciousness, she hadn’t had a cell phone. 
But how had her phone come to be in Lu Nanze’s possession
Furthermore, why was Lu Nanze the one who had taken care of her in the hospital after regaining consciousness
What had Shen Liangchuan been doing then
Qiao Lian could not imagine what the answers to these questions might be. ?nd. ?m
But without even having to look at Shen Liangchuan, she knew that right now he had to be fuming mad or, perhaps, he was already being eaten by jealousy. 
She quickly took the cell phone from him and cleared her throat. “Oh, I see you’ve found my lost phone somehow. Thanks so much!” 
As she said this, she sent Lu Nanze eyes signals by blinking at him energetically. 
Seeing her panic-stricken expression, Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and said, “Qiao Lian, let’s speak in private.” 
Then he turned and looked outside. 
Qiao Lian threw a glance in the same direction and then looked at Shen Liangchuan. She cleared her throat and instinctively looked at Shen Liangchuan in the eye. 
He gave a cold humph and did not say a word. 
Qiao Lian didn’t dare to go against Shen Liangchuan’s silent but obvious wish. Hence, she couldn’t agree to Lu Nanze’s request. “Actually, you and I… we don’t really have much to say to each other.” 
“Well then, let’s talk about this cell phone and why it’s with me.” 
At these words, Qiao Lian suddenly grabbed Lu Nanze and said, “Ah, it’s late. You need to be on your way to work. Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! I’ll see you out.” 
Freaking hell. 
Shen Liangchuan must not find out about her ambiguous relationship with Lu Nanze, otherwise… 
Otherwise, who knew what would happen. 
She had no idea what would happen. 
But she knew instinctively that she did not want to upset Shen Liangchuan at all. 
Outside the villa, Lu Nanze stood next to his car. 
Qiao Lian looked at him like a mad woman and impatiently demanded, “Speak up then, what did you want to say?” 
“Qiao Lian, don’t you remember that you were in the midst of getting a divorce with Shen Liangchuan?” 
A divorce
Strangely, Qiao Lian suddenly saw an image in her mind. 
She recalled signing divorce papers. 
That image came and went in a flash, causing her to deeply frown. Then she suddenly asked, “I wanted a divorce with Shen Liangchuan so that I could be with you?” 
She first pointed at herself, then her finger slowly turned to point at Lu Nanze, and it finally moved towards Shen Liangchuan, who was in the house.
###Chapter 1070: Two Men Vying For A Lady (2) 
Narrowing his eyes, Lu Nanze nodded and said, “Yes, that is correct. We are in love with each other and you’re even carrying our child now. You’re getting a divorce for me.” 
This threw Qiao Lian into a conundrum. 
She bit her lip and stared at Lu Nanze. After a moment, she sighed deeply. 
Lu Nanze asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Qiao Lian replied, “I must have been a real idiot before I lost my memory. Or I was a mental case.” 
Lu Nanze was taken aback. 
Qiao Lian continued, “I didn’t like this dashingly handsome man and, instead, had an affair with you! Tell me, am I nuts or what?” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
He narrowed his eyes and looked at Qiao Lian with a gloomy expression. 
He was livid. 
What did she mean by that
Was she implying that he, Lu Nanze, paled in comparison to a pretty boy?! 
He was about to say this aloud when Qiao Lian spoke, “Why would I ignore the wealthy gentleman at home and, instead, like a pretty boy like you?” 
Lu Nanze was speechless. Who was the pretty boy?! 
His expression froze but, before he could even get a word in, Qiao Lian looked at him and continued her interrogation, “Does he know about us?” 
Lu Nanze was choking with fury inside now and his expression was extremely gloomy. However on the other hand, his smile widened, a sure sign that his anger was rising. 
In the past, whenever he had this expression on his face, Qiao Lian would leave as soon as possible. 
But with that pale little face and a bandage around her head, looking as pitiful as she could be, and with that image of her breaking the drip bottle with her head replaying in his mind, he found himself completely unable to lash out at her. 
Qiao Lian, on the other hand, glanced back anxiously, worried that Shen Liangchuan might come out any time and overhear their conversation. 
She was completely oblivious to his emotions. 
Lu Nanze could only feel exasperation welling up within himself. 
He took a deep breath and said, “Of course he—” 
Qiao Lian’s head spun around, looked at him before he could finish and interrupted, “Surely he doesn’t know. If he does, then I might as well come clean.” 
Come clean
How was she going to do that
Tell him she was pregnant
Then Shen Liangchuan would certainly easily know just by a quick calculation whose child it was. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and lowered his head. “That’s right, he doesn’t know.” 
Qiao Lian sighed in relief and said, “That’s great, that’s great!” 
Lu Nanze scowled. 
He grabbed her hand and continued, “Qiao Lian, we love each other. Divorce him and come to me. Wouldn’t that be good? Wasn’t that what you wanted to do before?” 
Qiao Lian looked troubled at these words. Turning to look at Lu Nanze, she bit her lip and said after a moment, “But what about Qiao Yiyi?” 
“Qiao Yiyi.” 
“That’s right. Didn’t she say she’s carrying your child?” Qiao Lian sighed and continued, “Since there’s someone else that you like, let’s forget about us. As for this child…” 
Qiao Lian furrowed her brow. 
But what she had just said stunned Lu Nanze. 
“She’s carrying my child?” 
“Indeed. Qiao Yiyi told me herself. Of course it’s real! Look, Qiao Yiyi is unmarried and she’s a good match for you. Besides, although I can’t remember you, every time I see you I feel uneasy. It feels like you’re a bad guy.” 
Lu Nanze was speechless. 
As though she had not realized the odd expression on Lu Nanze’s face, she continued talking.
###Chapter 1071: Two Men Vying For A Lady (3) 
“So it’s best that you stop pestering me, ok? It’s wrong of us to do this. The injury I’m suffering must be some sort of retribution.” 
Lu Nanze was flabbergasted. 
Where did all of this come from
But those words she had just said, “although I can’t remember you, every time I see you, I feel uneasy,” they tightened his chest and were painful. 
He clenched his fists. Those eyes that seemed to be perpetually smiling now glared at her icily. 
After a moment, he suddenly asked, “So you no longer love me?” 
Qiao Lian snapped out her daze and nodded decisively. 
This was like slashing his already wounded heart twice. 
Lu Nanze frowned and continued, “And you… love him?” 
Him
As in Shen Liangchuan
Qiao Lian turned back and looked in the direction of the man. 
She paused and hesitated for a moment before she said, “I don’t know, after all, I don’t remember the past.” 
“That means you don’t love him either!” Lu Nanze took a step forward and asked, “Qiao Lian, does that mean I stand a chance too?” 
Qiao Lian was stumped. 
She lifted her head in and looked at Lu Nanze in astonishment. “But—” 
“Since this is the case, why can’t I try? Perhaps you might fall in love with me.” 
Qiao Lian stared at the man, unconvinced. “That may not be quite possible, after all…” 
He was a far cry from Shen Liangchuan. 
Although they were both very handsome, oddly, while she found Shen Liangchuan dazzling, Lu Nanze was… just annoying. 
Lu Nanze did not care about all of this, of course. “If you don’t give me a chance, how could you know it’s not possible between us? Qiao Lian, you’re being unfair to me like this.” 
What freaking fairness
She and Shen Liangchuan were a married couple! 
But Lu Nanze said with a look of determination, “I will not give up.” 
Then he turned, got into the car and left. 
Qiao Lian was left speechless. 
She hung her head, sighed and returned to the house. 
Just as she stepped in, her cell phone, which she had left on the coffee table earlier, suddenly rang. 
Qiao Lian walked over and picked up the call. A voice came through the line saying, “Love Chuan, why haven’t you live streamed in the last couple of days!” 
Love Chuan
And who was this?! 
Tilting her head, Qiao Lian tried to recall. “Who is this?” 
There was a pause before the person answered, “I’m Prince!” 
“Prince who?” 
“Dang! It’s only been a few days and you’ve forgotten me? Love Chuan, where’s your loyalty? Even if you’re married to Best Actor Shen, even if you’re Mrs. Shen, there’s no need to make such a clean cut with me. You—” 
Before he could get another word in, Qiao Lian quickly interrupted and said, “I’m sorry, I injured my head and don’t recall some things of the past quite clearly. Who are you? Can you be more specific?” 
A pause. Then the voice said, “You really don’t remember?” 
“Yes.” 
“… Oh, I’m your team captain! Our PC Team is about to have a match, but you haven’t turned up at our training camp for days. Of course I have to find out what’s the matter!” 
PC Team
Captain
Qiao Lian was stumped. iea.＆nbsp;
She didn’t have the slightest memory of this. 
But the voice continued, “I’ve sent you the address to your cell phone. Come over when you’re ready. The match is just round the corner, do come and join the training! Understand?”
###Chapter 1072 iα.＆nbsp;c?
Chapter 1072: Two Men Vying For A Lady (4) 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
Before she could say anything, Prince had hung up with a click. 
Then a text message followed. 
When she opened it, she saw an address. 
An image suddenly flashed across her mind as she stared at the address. 
She was with a group of people in a villa. They were in front of computers and discussing battle strategies. 
She couldn’t recall the faces of those people, but for sure this had happened in the past. 
Hence, was she really a member of the PC Team
– 
Lu Nanze pulled up at the driveway of his home. 
His normally smiling self was now carrying a gloomy expression. 
Although Qiao Lian had already said she didn’t like him, he wasn’t going to admit defeat. 
That she had lost her memory must have been the gods giving him a chance, because they had taken pity on him for having waited eight long years. He had to seize the opportunity and he would not give up. 
As he contemplated this, he saw a woman walking towards him. 
Upon seeing her, his pupils shrank and he halted. 
Qiao Yiyi had walked up to him and casually slid her arm around his. “Second Brother, you’re home? Is Qiao Lian feeling better?” 
Her outwardly virtuous and soft demeanor made it hard for one to believe that she could have told Qiao Lian that. 
Lu Nanze looked at her icily. 
With a sudden motion, he reached out and grabbed her chin, forcing her to lift her face to look at him. 
A look for panic flashed across her eyes, as she bit her lip and looked at the man. Holding her gaze steadily, she asked, “What’s the matter, Second Brother?” 
“What have you been telling Qiao Lian?” 
Qiao Yiyi shrugged and replied, “Second Brother, I didn’t tell her anything—” 
“You didn’t? And you think I’ll believe what you’re saying?” 
Upon saying this, he shoved her with great force and threw her on the ground. “Pregnant with my child? Asking her to leave?” 
He looked down at her and said forcefully, “You think you’re good enough?” 
She widened her eyes. “Second Brother—” 
“Men!” 
At this command, the butler appeared. 
Lu Nanze stared at Qiao Yiyi with narrowed eyes. 
She finally started to feel nervous. 
She looked back at Lu Nanze, trembling. She knew how terrifying he could get when angered. 
Crying, she pleaded, “Second Brother, please have mercy on me! For the sake of everything I did for you in the past, for the sake of me staying by your side for so many years.” 
“Second Brother, I really do love you. I’m the one who has been by your side for the last eight years.” 
“Second Brother, please, I beg of you, no matter what, I’m Qiao Lian’s cousin. Second Brother, please have mercy.” 
He narrowed his eyes at those words. 
After a moment, he said coldly, “Shut this woman away! From now on, she’s not to leave the house without my permission.” 
The butler immediately nodded and said, “Yes, Sir.” 
Then he walked up to Qiao Yiyi. 
The woman looked at Lu Nanze in disbelief. “Second Brother, are- are you trying to put me under house arrest?!” 
How could he possibly do that
She would rather be punished than put under house arrest. 
At the same time, the movie Ambition was finally completed. 
Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng returned to Beijing. After parting reluctantly, Shi Nianyao went home. Shortly after she did so, she received an order from her mother: “You’re coming to an arranged blind date tomorrow.” 
What?!
###Chapter 1073: Two Men Vying For A Lady (5) 
Shi Nianyao was shocked and looked at her mother, Si Jingyu, as she started, “But—” 
“The suitor is the son of your favorite auntie, Li Shu.” 
Shi Nianyao was flabbergasted. 
Auntie Li Shu’s son
Wouldn’t that be Mo Xicheng’s brother, Mo Zhi
Shi Nianyao immediately ed. “I’m not going!” 
“Why? Unless you already have a boyfriend, what’s the problem?” Si Jingyu asked. 
Shi Nianyao shook her head at once and sighed. “Mom, have you ever met Mo Zhi? Do you know what he’s like” 
Si Jingyu was stunned and asked, “You’ve met him? When and where?” 
Shi Nianyao kept silent. 
If she admitted to this, then she would also have to admit to having gone to Hengdian. 
Hence she said vaguely, “Do we really need to meet? All my friends say that this Mo Zhi is an idiot.” 
Si Jingyu looked at her and shook her head, saying, “You should not just listen to what others are saying, you know? Because you’ve been so well protected, many people in Beijing city say that you must be ugly. We haven’t even met him, how can we know whether he’s good or otherwise?” 
Shi Nianyao bit her lip and said, “In any case, I’m not going!” 
Si Jingyu: … 
She sighed and walked over to sit next to Shi Nianyao. “And why?” 
“Is it because people in the circle are spreading rumors about Mo Zhi minding your looks? That’s because he has never seen you. Besides, it’s not as if it’s a real blind date. I’m upset too, that such rumors about my daughter are going around. Let’s just go and meet them so that they can see that you’re not ugly!” ?ｎ. 
“Alright, we’ll do just that. Just a meal. As for the rest, Mom won’t force you. We’ll leave it to fate.” 
– 
On the other end, at the Mo Family’s. 
“I’m not going, I’m not going!” Mo Zhi stamped his feet and threw a tantrum. Glaring at his father, he said, “I’m not going to see that ugly monster.” 
Dad Mo sighed and replied, “The board members have a very bad impression of you right now. If you can have a relationship with Ms. Shi, you will have Shi Xun to help look out for you where the business is concerned. Then at least our family business won’t suffer a loss in your hands!” 
Mo Zhi was greatly angered to hear this. “Dad, what do you mean by that? Are you saying I’m not capable of managing this business well? Are you saying I’m stupid? And that your illegitimate son is better? Then why don’t you just get him to marry that woman in the Mo family?” 
When Dad Mo heard this, he became anxious and chided him, “What is this you’re saying? Ignoring the fact that he doesn’t have those intentions, just based on the fact that he’s an illegitimate son, I will not hand the Mo family over to him! It was my carelessness at that time. Besides, I’ve met Mr. and Mrs. Mo, and both of them are quite good-looking. Their daughter won’t turn out too bad. It’s just a blind date, just go and meet her.” 
“I will not go!” Mo Zhi gave a loud snort. 
Shortly after, with a sudden roll of his eyes, he spun around and looked at his father. He added, “Dad, since the Shi family is so great, why don’t you make Mo Xicheng marry the girl? Didn’t the Li family’s girl end up regretting it?” 
Dad Mo immediately slapped Mo Zhi’s head. “Are you stupid? If Mo Xicheng married the Shi family’s daughter, how are you going to sit securely as the head of the Mo family? I’d say that if he likes that commoner girl, then let him have her! Without a leverage, he’ll never be able to match up to you in all his life. You have to remember, I will only hand over the Mo family to the children of your mother and I.”
###Chapter 1074: Two Men Vying For A Lady (6) 
Mo Zhi nodded when he heard this. 
Dad Mo patted the boy on his shoulder and said, “Alright, you have to go tomorrow. Otherwise, I’m suspending your allowance for next month.” 
Mo Zhi finally panicked when he heard this and said, “Fine, fine, fine. I’ll go, ok?” 
After walking out of the study, Mo Zhi humphed loudly and muttered, “That piece of rubbish, the daughter of the Shi family, I’m sure she’s ugly! That’s just forcing things on me.” 
At this thought, a crease appeared on his forehead. Suddenly, he gave himself a light slap on the head and thought, “Isn’t Mo Xicheng back?” 
His eyes turned once. 
Dad would surely not hand the Mo family business to Mo Xicheng, and Mo Xicheng, that man of inferior quality, would also not dare to challenge him for that position. 
With Yao Lili’s help, on top of the support from Mom and Dad, Mo Xicheng would never have the authority to succeed in the Mo family. 
Hence, Dad’s thinking was completely off-track. 
He should Mo Xicheng marry that ugly woman to still have the support of the Shi family. This is what a strategic marriage meant. 
As for himself, of course he wanted a gentle and caring beauty for a wife. 
At this thought, Mo Zhi immediately got excited. He picked up his cell phone and called Mo Xicheng. 
The line connected and Mo Xicheng’s voice sounded on the other end, “Hello.” 
“Hey, are you back in Beijing?” 
Mo Xicheng paused. “Uh huh.” 
Mo Zhi said immediately, “Tomorrow, at Beijing Grand Hotel. Come over at noon.” 
Mo Xicheng, who had just arrived home and unpacked his belongings, was sitting on the sofa now and frowned as he heard this. He asked, “Why? What’s up?” 
“Why do you ask so many questions? Just turn up as you’re told!” 
Mo Xicheng said at once, “I’m busy.” 
“You—” 
Mo Xicheng had already hung up. 
Shortly after, the cell phone rang again. 
Looking down at the screen and seeing it was Mo Zhi, he frowned and refused to pick up the call. 
Mo Zhi, however, would not stop trying. 
Finally picking up the call, he asked, “What exactly do you want?” 
“Go to Beijing Grand Hotel. If you don’t turn up, I’ll call Yao Lili! Think about it. If she turns up and does anything embarrassing, it’s out of my hands.” 
Mo Xicheng frowned. 
“Are you coming?” 
The man cast his gaze down and finally agreed, “Fine.” 
“You could have agreed from the start, couldn’t you? But you made me threaten you with calling Yao Lili. Mo Xicheng, let me tell you, I’m your older brother. You’d better obey me and, since we are brothers, I’ll make sure you get some benefits. Otherwise—” 
Before he could finish, Mo Xicheng had hung up. 
He tossed the cell phone aside, raised his hand and massaged his temples. 
Then he raised his head and slumped into the sofa. 
When would days like this ever come to an end
All he wanted was a simple life. 
He didn’t lack money, he only wanted to draw a clean line between himself and the Mo family. 
He shut his eyes, feeling lonesome and exhausted. The cell phone suddenly rang with a notification. 
He paused for a moment and then picked it up. It was a WeChat voice message from Shi Nianyao. Clicking to open the message, her voice played on the phone speaker, “Idol, have you showered? Go to bed early after you’ve showered. Remember that every day is a new day! And remember to smile every day.” 
Her warm voice and sweet tone calmed his restlessness immediately. 
Indeed. 
Every day was a new beginning, so he should face life with a smile. 
Who knew? Maybe at the whatever hotel tomorrow, there would be some sort of surprise.
###Chapter 1075: Two Men Vying For A Lady (7) 
Si Jingyu woke up early in the morning. And early in the morning as well, the clothing store sent the dress that had been specially tailored for Shi Nianyao for the occasion. 
Si Jingyu looked at the white dress and felt that it suited her daughter well. ? c?
There was a sort of pureness in Shi Nianyao’s personality, hence a white dress was very suitable. 
At this thought, she lifted her head and looked upstairs. She then looked at the time. 
It was already 10 a.m. There was an hour and a half left for their 11.30 a.m. appointment. 
As a courtesy, they should have left by now. After all, the traffic in Beijing at this hour could get seriously congested. 
But why hadn’t that young girl, Nianyao, come downstairs
She walked up to her room and knocked on the door, calling HER, “Nianyao? Are you ready?” 
Then she heard Shi Nianyao’s voice, “What? Soon, soon! No hurry!” 
Si Jingyu shook her head helplessly. 
Her husband, meaning Shi Nianyao’s father, Shi Jinyan, walked out in his suit and leather shoes. He looked at Si Jingyu and then at the door. 
Time had not added many wrinkles to the man’s face, although through his experience in life he had aged like a fine and full-flavored wine. His face, and particularly his eyes, displayed happiness and contentment. 
Looking at his wife and then at the door of his daughter’s room, he remarked, “She’s not out yet?” 
Si Jingyu sighed and lamented, “You know her, she’s never liked these blind dates.” 
She looked down at the time anxiously and continued, “I’ve arranged with Li Shu to meet at 11.30 a.m. If we’re late, even though we’re the girl’s family, it’s not good.” 
Shi Jinyan smiled faintly and patted her on the shoulder. “Here, let me do this.” 
Si Jingyu stepped aside. 
Shi Jinyan walked up to the door and called her, “Yao Yao.” 
“Ah! I know, I’m coming! Stop being so anxious!” 
Shi Jinyan continued, “I’m giving you one minute. If you don’t open this door, I’m going to throw out all those posters in your study.” 
There was a silent pause and then immediately, they heard the thumping of feet. Following this, the door flew open with a creak. 
Shi Nianyao stood at the door and exclaimed, “Dad, I’m coming!!” 
Posters
That was her collection of Mo Xicheng’s photographs. She had every single one the promoter had released. 
With that one remark, he had held his daughter by her Achilles heel. As the door flew open, he threw his wife a glance, but when he turned back to look at Shi Nianyao’s anxious face, he was stunned. 
“You- you- this is—” 
“Dad, hurry up. Didn’t you say we’re late? Why are you procrastinating? Hurry, hurry, hurry!” 
As she spoke these words, Shi Nianyao ran downstairs. 
She saw the dress that had just been delivered, thought for a second, picked it up and ran back upstairs. Without further ado, she quickly changed into it and ran downstairs again. Then she jumped into the car, all the time while Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan both stared at her with their mouths agape. After she got into the car, she waved at them and said, “Hurry up. If you don’t get in, we’re going to be late.” 
– 
In the Beijing Grand Hotel. 
Mo Zhi, his father and Li Shu arrived first to the reserved private room. 
Seeing that the other party had not arrived, Mo Zhi at once twitched his mouth. 
Quietly picking up his cell phone, he sent a message to Mo Xicheng: [Are you here yet?] 
After a while, Mo Xicheng’s reply came back: [In half an hour.] 
Mo Zhi nodded. 
Half an hour was just nice. 
Although the Shi family’s little missy was an ugly woman, he had never seen her. In case she was a beauty, he would accept her, but if she was too ugly, he would let Mo Xicheng have her.
###Chapter 1076: Two Men Vying For A Lady (8) 
Mo Zhi had his own little scheme planned out. His eyes were already darting around, keeping a lookout. 
After a short while, he said impatiently, “Mom, why aren’t they here already? Could it be because the girl is so ugly they don’t dare to come up?” 
Li Shu was taken aback at once and asked, “What is this you’re saying? Don’t you have any manners?” 
Mo Zhi was about to retort when Dad Mo shot him a look. 
The boy lowered his head at once and said, “Mom, that was wrong of me.” 
Li Shu’s expression softened a little upon hearing this. 
But immediately, she turned to look outside with a worried expression and then chided Mo Zhi, “Let me tell you, I’ve seen that child, Yao Yao, when she was younger and she’s delicate and pretty—” 
“A woman’s looks change drastically when she grows older. There are scores of good-looking kids. But when they grow up, maybe they turn ugly.” 
Li Shu’s expression froze at his remark. “Mo Zhi, I’m warning you, when you meet Yao Yao later, even if you’re not willing, you will keep your mouth shut! You watch your manners, is that clear?” 
Mo Zhi rolled his eyes impatiently. 
Dad Mo Zhi immediately said, “Mo Zhi, you’d better hurry and give your word on this.” 
Reluctantly, Mo Zhi gave his word, “I know, Mom!” 
As they spoke, Li Shu received a call from the front desk, telling her that the Shi family had arrived. 
Li Shu immediately stood up. “I haven’t seen Jingyu very often in the recent years. Let’s go to the entrance and welcome them.” 
Dad Mo got to his feet at once and obediently followed Li Shu. 
Mo Zhi, on the other hand, sighed again and dragged his feet to the doorway. Then he craned his neck, looking into the distance. 
They waited before the elevator that accessd the private rooms. It was just in front, around the corner. 
The three of them stood there and, not long after, a young lady appeared. 
She wore a white dress, but she was at this point standing backwards, happily talking to her parents behind her. 
Hence at that moment, Mo Zhi only got to see her back. 
But… 
His eyes had already lit up! 
It was only her back, and this already triggered all sorts of wild and exciting thoughts. 
Because she had a simply beautiful neck, it was pale and graceful. 
And that body under the dress… Mo Zhi could tell through his eyes, that were richly experienced in inspecting women, that it was most adequate. 
For sure, this was a fine specimen. 
Shi Nianyao’s back had enticed Mo Zhi’s imagination so much that he was almost drooling now. 
Normally, women with such traits didn’t look too bad. And even if she didn’t look that great, he would compromise. 
Because such a temperament and such a figure… 
As Mo Zhi was contemplating this, he put on a huge smile at the same time and waved at them, “Uncle Shi, Auntie! Sister Yao Yao, you’re here!” 
As soon as they heard the enthusiastic voice from afar, the three of them looked simultaneously in his direction. 
Mo Zhi’s gaze wandered onto Shi Nianyao’s face eagerly. 
Her beautiful figure around, resplendent in its pure and virgin glow that made one almost afraid to sully it. 
And then… 
A dark and pockmarked face turned to look him directly in the eye. 
That face… was heavily made-up, as though she was trying to hide her complexion. There were countless moles on her face—and especially that huge and black one next to her mouth, it couldn’t be more obvious. 
Within that turn of her head, Mo Zhi fell flat on the floor at lightning speed. 
This reminded him of a short paragraph that he had read on the internet. It had been about a person’s back view being enticing and, with the turn of the head, feeling as though looking at a flower.
###Chapter 1077 d. 
Chapter 1077: Two Men Vying For A Lady (9) 
Mo Zhi shuddered involuntarily. 
From looking mesmerized a moment ago, his expression at once gave way and he immediately spat out two words, “Freaking hell!” 
Freaking hell. 
This was way too much of a surprise to handle. 
That face was simply one big mess. 
That makeup was so terrible that she could pass as a clown. One couldn’t even see her features clearly. 
But… 
What was the point of having pretty features if the makeup was done this poorly
At this thought, he saw Shi Nianyao’s eyes suddenly light up as though she had seen a treasure. She quickly waved back and, with a coy tilt of her waist, glanced at Mo Zhi shyly. “Big Brother Mo.” 
Mo Zhi was stunned speechless as goosebumps broke out all over his body. 
Si Jingyu: … 
Shi Jinyan: … 
Both were at a loss for words. They exchanged a glance and grimaced. 
How had they even gotten so brain-washed by the girl on their way here
She had said something along the line of, “Of course he’ll react well if I look beautiful. But if I look ugly and he still reacts well, then wouldn’t it mean he has excellent character?” 
“Dad, Mom, we won’t be picky with Mo Zhi’s looks, but he had been spreading rumors about me being ugly, so I have to look into his character.” 
But… 
But in order to look into the man’s character, wasn’t the show Shi Nianyao had put up a little overboard
At this point, Si Jingyu simply wished she could stuff her daughter back into her womb for a remake. 
But this had to do with her daughter’s lifetime happiness ands since things had come to this, of course she could not undermine it. 
Hence, Si Jingyu cleared her throat and took a step forward to give Li Shu an affectionate hug. 
She took a good look at Li Shu and sighed. “Li Shu, it’s been years since we last met. You look bleaker than before.” 
Upon hearing this, Li Shu studied the other woman’s face and said, “And you haven’t changed much. It looks like you’re living life well.” 
She lowered her head with slightly reddened eyes at this point. 
Si Jingyu quickly took the woman’s hand and turned to the rest. “Alright, let’s not stand around. Take a seat, everyone.” 
When they were deciding where to seat everyone, Shi Nianyao played out yet another of her wicked ideas. 
She sat next to Mo Zhi on purpose. And after sitting down, she rested her chin in her propped up hands, looked at Mo Zhi and started throwing flirtatious glances in his direction. 
But with this makeup, Mo Zhi found it completely intolerable. 
He cleared his throat and gulped down. Despise was written clearly all over his face. 
Shi Jinyan sat there observing Mo Zhi, quietly measuring the man. He cast his gaze down with disappointment. 
On the other side of the table, So Jingyu and Li Shu were chatting. 
Li Shu looked at Shi Jinyan, shifted her gaze to Si Jingyu and said with a sigh, “I remember we got married the same year. Back then you said you envied me. But now it looks like you had a better eye. I am as sorrowful now as I was happy then. And you are as happy now as you were sorrowful back then. With a boy and a girl, Jingyu, I’ve said so before, you’re a blessed and fortunate woman.” 
Upon hearing this, So Jingyu quickly reached out for Li Shu’s hand and said in a low voice, “You and Mo Zhi’s father…” 
Li Shu’s expression froze as she said, “It’s still the same.” 
Si Jingyu sighed at once.
###Chapter 1078: Two Men Vying For A Lady (10) 
Thinking back on those years, Li Shu and Mo Zhi’s father were childhood sweethearts. Everyone had thought they were the perfect couple. 
But unexpectedly, the man later had an affair. 
Li Shu had wanted a divorce at that time, but Mo Zhi’s father wouldn’t hear of it. 
Their political marriage was a significant tie between their families and, after the marriage, they had so much estate in common that a clean break had become impossible. 
Hence all of these years, Li Shu had had to keep up appearances with the man. 
Although they lived as a family, they kept separate villas. 
Li Shu was an author, so she traveled yearly to gather sources of inspiration. 
And Mo Zhi’s father would be quietly waiting for her return from these trips. 
When Si Jingyu thought of this, she sighed. 
Looking at the table, she said, “Let’s not talk about this. Our meeting today is about the kids.” 
At these words, everyone looked towards the two youngsters. 
Shi Nianyao’s makeup was a tragic sight, but unfortunately she seemed to lack self-awareness and continued to make eyes at Mo Zhi. 
When the dishes arrived, she used her chopsticks to rudely pick up a load of food. 
Mo Zhi grimaced at her behaviour. 
He could not endure the attention that she was putting him through. 
But because his father shot him looks of warning ever so often, he knew he had to take it in his stride today. 
Although he had decided that this girl was definitely not the one for him, he had to see the lunch event through. 
So he would tolerate it. At worst, he could just cast his gaze elsewhere. 
Now, she looked as though she hadn’t eaten for ages. She ate whatever was served. Her uncouth mannerisms were absolutely… i. 
Mo Zhi shook his head and discreetly inched his chair a fraction away from her. 
Just at this point, the waitress served up a chilly okatter. 
Shi Nianyao immediately picked up some of these with her chopsticks. Turning towards Mo Zhi, she said, “Big Brother Mo Zhi, you like chillies, don’t you? Come now, open your mouth, ahhhh.” 
After saying this, she held the chillies towards Mo Zhi. 
At once, Mo Zhi waved his hand in disgust and reached out to push her arm away. 
He had reached his limit of tolerance. 
“Go away! Of all the things, I hate chillies—” 
Before he could finish his sentence, he saw Shi Nianyao jump in fright. The chillies that she had picked up for him suddenly flew across and landed on his face. 
At once, the spicy chilli oil entered his eyes. 
He squeezed his eyes shut from the hot stinging sensation, unable to reopen them again. 
Mo Zhi was livid. 
He had never been a patient person. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been this careless and hot-tempered to make the board members be so negative about him. 
Besides, since a young age, he had always gotten what he wanted and had never been aggrieved. 
But as though she knew how angry he must be feeling right now, Shi Nianyao immediately took a step towards him and said, “Big Brother Mo Zhi, are you ok?” 
Of course, deep down in her heart, she was gleeful. 
This is your pay-back now for harassing me last time! 
The parents on both sides were now greatly concerned and stood up at once. 
Li Shu even started to walk towards Mo Zhi. As she instructed the waitress to get some water, Mo Zhi jumped up and down in fury. He extended his hand and pushed the people in front of him out of the way. He hollered, “Get lost! You ugly monster! I’ve got enough! Tell me, did you do this on purpose? Huh? Who is your Big Brother Mo Zhi? I’m not going to marry you, I’m telling you. Stay away from me!”
###Chapter 1079: Two Men Vying For A Lady (11) 
Shi Nianyao continued to add fuel to the fire and said, “No way, Big Brother Mo Zhi. My Mom has already said you’re my fiance—” 
“I’m not! I will not marry an ugly monster like you! Look at yourself, you make people lose their appetite! It’s revolting! I’ve said it, stay away from me, do you understand?” 
Just as he had said this, Li Shu shouted at him, “You keep your mouth shut!” 
She was glaring at her son sharply. 
Then she turned to Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan, who were looking quite appalled by now, and sighed. “This child has been spoilt by his father. He’s frank and outspoken, please, don’t mind him.” 
Si Jingyu was livid. Even if her daughter was not that good-looking, Mo Zhi’s behavior was not right. 
Frowning now, she looked at Li Shu and said, “Li Shu, I have to say this. Even if you haven’t really minded the situation at home recently, this child’s education needs to be tightened.” 
Li Shu nodded. 
She could tell from the start that Shi Nianyao had just been putting on an act. 
The girl’s makeup skills were impressive. How could she possibly not know that Shi Nianyao was just testing Mo Zhi
Ignoring everything else, Shi Nianyao’s extraordinary style alone told Li Shu that this was no ordinary girl. 
Her son was a potential husband and had a bad reputation—and even at work he lacked capability—so who could blame his potential in-laws for testing his character
Hence, Li Shu did not say a word. 
Her intentions had been to allow Si Jingyu to see her son for what he was. 
But unexpectedly, it had to come to this. 
She was furious. 
Upon hearing what Si Jingyu had to say, she immediately felt ashamed. 
Sighing deeply, she was about to apologize when Mo Zhi started to yell on top of his voice, “What did you say? Whose parents did not educate their child? Did you see it? Your daughter was hung up on me the moment she arrived and would not let me alone. Your daughter can’t start complaining about me now. It’s I, Mo Zhi, who doesn’t want her!” 
“I’ve asked you to keep your mouth shut!” Li Shu shouted. 
Mo Zhi was about to retort when Dad Mo stepped forward and stood before him. He said, “Hush! Don’t make your mother angry!” 
Mo Zhi’s eyes were red and swollen from the chilli, so he could barely open them. 
Then he heard Li Shu say, “Jingyu, my son is really not good enough for Yao Yao. I think where this matter is concerned—” 
Li Shu had always been an adaptable person. 
This meeting to her had just been an opportunity to explore possibilities, see if their children were fated to be together. 
Since things had turned out like this, then there was no need to continue this talk about marriage. 
Yet Mo Zhi jumped at these words, like he had stepped on an anthill. 
He exploded and said at once, “Mom, am I not your son? What mother despises her own son like this? I know you dislike me! You hate me! But clearly, all of this is the fault of this ugly monster here. Look at her pig face, look. Who did you say is not good enough?!” 
“Mom, you’re my mother. Which mother beats her own son down like you’ve done?” 
Li Shu trembled in fury at Mo Zhi’s words. 
She glared at her son. .＆nbsp;?o
Then there was a loud slap. 
Everyone was stunned as they saw Dad Mo lift his hand away from Mo Zhi’s face. He said coldly, “Shut your mouth! You won’t anger your Mom! Apologize to her!”
###Chapter 1080: Two Men Vying For A Lady (12) 
Under pressure from both his parents, Mo Zhi lost it. 
He was stunned by the slap initially, but he very soon recovered and shouted, “Dad, you actually hit me! You hit me because of this ugly monster!” 
Feeling terribly wronged, his eyes reddened as he said, “You two got together and tricked me into this blind date, you even insisted she wasn’t ugly. Look at her, are you blind?” 
“What right do you have to sacrifice my marital bliss for the sake of the family business?! There is no point in forcing it.” 
“I’ll have you know that I will not have this woman. Simply looking at her revolts me!” 
Just at this point, Mo Xicheng’s voice was heard coming from the doorway, “What’s this about?” 
Everyone turned around simultaneously. 
At once, Mo Xicheng’s gaze fell on Shi Nianyao. His pupils shrank back. 
Though Mo Zhi regained his composure upon hearing Mo Xicheng’s voice. Pointing at Mo Xicheng, he shouted, “If anyone has to marry her, let Mo Xicheng do it! He is a son of the Mo family too. Although illegitimate, he and this ugly monster are a perfect match.” 
Dad Mo said angrily at once, “Stop speaking nonsense!” 
As though he had found an anchor, Mo Zhi said, “I’m not speaking nonsense! Mo Xicheng grew up with the Mo family’s money, he should make sacrifices for the family.” 
Having said this, Mo Zhi walked up to Mo Xicheng and continued, “Although that girlfriend of yours is pretty, but what’s the use of that alone? If you marry this ugly monster, on the other hand, you’ll have lots of benefits.” 
Mo Zhi went on, “Dad, Mom, I’m not going to marry this woman anyway!! Let Mo Xicheng marry her.” 
Mo Zhi’s words both greatly shamed and infuriated Li Shu. 
She glared at Mo Zhi in disbelief. 
Indeed, she had spent little time with her son in all of these years. 
But whenever they met, Mo Zhi would be on his best behavior, never like today. 
Right up until now, she had not known that Mo Zhi’s character was so poor. 
Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan looked appalled, especially Shi Jinyan, who glared at Mo Zhi as though he was going to tear him apart. 
When Li Shu saw this, she quickly reached for Si Jingyu’s hand. Tottering, at the verge of collapsing, she said, “Jingyu, I will punish him well today. Please, don’t be angry.” 
Si Jingyu withdrew her hand and said, “Li Shu, I think we ought to leave now.” 
Sighing, Li Shu replied, “Ok, I will come by your place to apologize another day.” 
Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan then got up to their feet and got ready to leave. 
At this point, Dad Mo threw an angry glance at Mo Zhi. 
At once, Mo Zhi knew he was in trouble. 
If they weren’t able to reach an marriage agreement with the Shi family today, they could very well part as enemies. 
This must not happen. 
At this critical point, he racked his brain and looked at Shi Nianyao. Suddenly, he jumped in front of her and said, “Ugly- er Sister Yao Yao, look, this is my brother. He’s better looking than me. How about him for a husband?” r. 
Shi Nianyao’s gaze moved towards Mo Xicheng, at whom Mo Zhi was pointing. 
She creased her brow tightly. How miserable. 
Damn. 
Why did she have to run into her idol
She couldn’t be looking worse. 
He may perhaps, possibly not be able to recognize it was her
At this thought, Mo Zhi looked at Mo Xicheng and said, “Hurry over here and cheer Sister Yao Yao up!”
###Chapter 1081: Two Men Vying For A Lady (13) 
Shi Nianyao turned her head ever so slightly towards Mo Xicheng at these words. He had a serious expression on his face as he stared at them. He stood there and did not move. 
Given his reaction, obviously he had not recognized her. 
Shi Nianyao’s heart did a happy flip at this thought. 
She blinked and then suddenly had the idea of playing a trick on him. 
Hence, she happily skipped up to Mo Xicheng, tilted her head and said in a squeaky voice, “Big Brother Mo, you’re a handsome man, will you be my husband?” 
She felt her face burn a little even as she said this. 
Damn. 
She was using this crazy situation to finally say what she had kept hidden in her heart for so long. 
Ha, wait till tomorrow, when she would tell him that she had made yet another confession to him. 
She was elated at this thought. But unexpectedly the next moment, she heard a response that shocked her. “Ok.” 
That word, uttered with his deep magnetic voice, crazily shook her heart. 
She was stunned. 
She stared at Mo Xicheng in disbelief. 
What had he just said
Ok
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes. 
Following this, Mo Zhi humphed coldly and added, “See what I said? Love is all crap! The moment he saw the daughter of the Shi family, he tossed his girlfriend to the back of his mind. To think he acted so loyal… tsk tsk!” 
Shi Nianyao couldn’t help taking a big gulp as well. 
Damn, what sort of situation was this
He had turned the situation to his own advantage
Had her idol just said yes? And if her idol decided to date her, then what was going to happen to his girlfriend, to herself
Shi Nianyao had trouble thinking straight now. 
This hadn’t been in the script. 
As her head was still spinning, Dad Mo finally recovered. 
Mo Zhi wasn’t going to make the cut. r.＆nbsp;
He was unwilling and Dad Mo’s heart ached for him. He wasn’t going to force the boy. 
Besides, since this girl Shi Nianyao would put makeup like this to frighten people, for sure she certainly wasn’t an easy person to get along with. 
Finally, in the interest of his own selfish motives, Dad Mo relented. 
He would have Mo Xicheng date Shi Nianyao. At worst, he himself would keep an eye on Mo Xicheng so that Mo Zhi’s position would not be compromised. 
This political marriage with the Shi family must be settled. 
At this thought, Dad Mo pulled Mo Xicheng towards himself, looked at Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan and said, “The both of you may not have met him. This is my illegitimate son, who has not lived up to expectations. Actually he does have some capabilities, I’m not sure if he—” 
However, the moment they heard the words “illegitimate son,” Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan exchanged a look and frowned faintly. 
Initially, they had been on the verge of declining this arrangement, however when they saw Mo Xicheng, they held back their words. 
Of course as parents, they were well-aware that their daughter was obsessed with this celebrity. 
If their daughter liked him, they didn’t really care about status or position. 
Their only concern now was the man’s bearing and character. 
And in terms of these, Mo Xicheng was miles ahead of Mo Zhi. 
Hence, after exchanging a glance with each other, Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan agreed, “As long as Yao Yao likes him.” 
At this point, Dad Mo quickly strode over to Shi Nianyao. He pointed at Mo Xicheng and asked, “Yao Yao, do you think he looks dashing?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
“In this case, do you like him?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded again. 
Of course she liked him… more than liked him! 
“Then so be it! The two of them will get engaged right now! I’ve even brought the engagement ring.”
###Chapter 1082: She Remembers (1) 
Si Jingyu anxiously tried to stop this. “We can’t do this. The two of them can date for a bit, and then we’ll see if they are willing—” 
“What’s there to not want? He’s fortunate to be able to marry Yao Yao! As long as Yao Yao doesn’t back out of the plan, everything will be fine. And if he dares to do anything to upset Yao Yao, I’ll break his legs.” 
Si Jingyu spok, “But I heard he has a girlfriend.” 
Dad Mo immediately made an unreasonable remark, “Break up with her right away.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Si Jingyu remarked, “So her idol has decided to abandon his girlfriend for an ugly pampered little mistress?” 
Eventually, through all her sound reasons, Si Jingyu managed to stop the engagement, so that Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng could date and get to know each other for a while. 
After they left the hotel and got into the car, Si Jingyu looked at the dejected Shi Nianyao. “What’s wrong with you? Isn’t Mo Xicheng your favorite star? Why aren’t you happy to be dating?” 
Shi Nianyao looked up and wailed, “Mom, I’ve been dumped!” 
Si Jingyu was speechless. 
– 
Suzhou. 
The wound on Qiao Lian’s forehead had almost healed up. 
The blood clot seemed to have cleared. 
Her sleep for the past nights had been fraught with dreams. 
This made her wake up with a splitting headache every morning. 
She felt that vague memories were coming back to her. 
But indeed, she wasn’t able to connect the dots or associate one mental image with another. 
It was another new morning, but she sat up with a start as she started taking in big gulps of air. 
Next to her, someone’s arm touched her back. “What’s wrong? A bad dream?” 
The familiar voice strangely made her feel safe. 
She turned around and, the moment she saw Shen Liangchuan’s face, a few images flashed very quickly through her mind. 
At once, her head started to hurt again. 
She took a deep breath and tried to suppress it. 
Then she got out of bed to wash up. ?n?а. ?m
Looking into the mirror, she saw a strange yet familiar self. 
No. 
She had to find out what had happened in the past. Right now, there was no clarity and she felt terribly lost. 
On that same day, she secretly went to the address that Prince had sent her. 
It was a villa with nothing around. Qiao Lian stood outside, feeling that this scene was somewhat familiar. 
As she was still in a daze, she felt someone pat her back. 
She turned around and saw Prince standing behind her. “Why didn’t you go in?” 
As he said this, he put his arm around her shoulder and led the way, saying, “You’re quite skilled at mobile games, but do you know how to play the computer version?” 
Upon hearing this, Qiao Lian felt another wave of familiarity welling up in her. 
Frowning, she shook her head and said, “I’m not sure.” 
“Then let’s give it a try.” 
All the other team members in the villa were still asleep, none of them were awake yet. 
Prince led her to one of the computers and entered a Lot computer game interface. 
When she saw the game, that sense of familiarity in her started to grow. 
Prince pointed at the keys on the keyboard and said, “Let me show you the basics. This here is—” 
Before he could finish speaking, he saw that Qiao Lian had, with quick and well-practiced moves, opened up the game and clicked on the login interface. She hesitated for a second, followed her instinct and logged into a gaming account: Xiao Qiao. 
Staring at the name Xiao Qiao, Qiao Lian felt as though something was about to spill out of her brain. She had a splitting headache all of a sudden.
###Chapter 1083: She Remembers (2) 
Qiao Lian knitted her brow tightly and reached out to massage her head. 
Then she stared at the computer. 
It had been a long time since she had logged onto that gaming account. 
Now that she had logged in, her champion, Xiao Qiao, appeared on the interface. 
That familiar figure with the floaty yellow dress was like a deja vu. 
Qiao Lian stared at it and then heard Prince say, “Love Chuan, come, let’s play a solo match. I can also then assess your maneuvering skills on the computer version.” 
Qiao Lian frowned. She was feeling twitchy from the splitting headache, so when she heard him say this, she immediately retorted, “Why should I play a solo match with you?” 
Prince said, “I’m currently the top player in the gaming world. You wouldn’t lose anything by playing a solo game with me.” 
Prince moved closer to her and said, “Think about it. I’m the top player, the pressure’s on me. If you win, you’ll be famous just like that! And if you lose, wouldn’t that just be a given? The last time we played a solo match, didn’t you gain a whole army of new fans?” 
Qiao Lian was stumped by what he said. 
All she felt was this strong sense of familiarity. 
There were a few memories that seemed to be on the verge of returning to her, but there was just something in the way—something that was yet to be sorted out. 
She stared at the game in a daze. 
In an odd move, she suddenly went into the friend page in the game. 
And then… 
She saw Zi Chuan’s name. 
Zi Chuan. 
That name held a boundless charm and it came at her at full force, freezing her. She clicked on the avatar. 
Zi Chuan… Zi Chuan!! 
Her pupils shrank back. 
At this point, she heard some noises coming from upstairs. 
“Big Brother, why are you here so early?” 
“That’s right. We were struggling till five in the morning, we’re still sleeping!” 
“Hey, who’s this girl?” 
“A new team member?” 
Qiao Lian turned around when she heard them. 
She didn’t feel at all familiar with any of these people in front of her. 
She stared at them with her head tilted. 
She could not think who these people were. 
Prince got up to his feet and said, “Ok, let me introduce you. This is Love Chuan! I’ve just discovered that she was Xiao Qiao from way back. And she’s our new team member!” 
The people were stunned upon hearing this. They surrounded her immediately. 
“Ha, you’re really Xiao Qiao?” 
“Is that for real? Xiao Qiao, when you were gaming, I had only just started going to middle school.” 
“Ahhhh, if Xiao Qiao is here, then where’s Zi Chuan? Is Zi Chuan still gaming?” 
“What about Zi Chuan? Xiao Qiao, hey, Xiao Qiao, why aren’t you talking?” 
Their voices rang out shrill and sharp, like daggers stabbing her brain. 
She could only feel a head-splitting pain. 
Suddenly, she bent over and aggressively pushed away the people surrounding her. Then she ran out of the villa. 
Scenes from the past flashed across her mind one by one, till she halted in the courtyard clutching her head. 
She remembered. 
When she saw the game, she finally remembered. 
All these scenes from the past, the things that Lu Nanze had done, at once caused her expression to freeze. 
Lu Nanze. 
He had actually wanted to kill her child. 
Qiao Lian immediately looked down, reached out and slid her hands protectively around her belly. 
Now that she had managed to remember this, then she certainly must not allow him to hurt her child.
###Chapter 1084: She Remembers (3) 
Qiao Lian’s expression darkened at this thought. 
She headed out immediately. 
Prince had come running behind her. “Ay, Love Chuan, why are you leaving?” 
She turned around to stare at him. Then, without a word, she flagged down a cab and asked to be taken back to the Qiao family home. 
Shen Liangchuan was still at home. 
She had to tell him that she was carrying their child. 
Now in the cab, she finally calmed down. 
Since she had regained her memory, she had to straighten out the past. 
As she contemplated, her cell phone rang. 
She looked down and picked up. A voice said, “Ms. Qiao, how are you? It’s me.” 
That voice. 
It was that person she had hired, the private investigator she had sent to Hainan. 
At once, her pupils shrank back as she asked, “Are there any news of the person we’re looking for?” 
“Yes, Ms. Qiao. We’ve found him.” 
Qiao Lian immediately said, “Then bring him here!” 
“Ms. Qiao, this might be tough. He wouldn’t come with us no matter what. And we can’t do anything illegal.” 
Qiao Lian cast her gaze down and thought for a while. “Hand the phone over to him.” 
“Ok.” 
After a moment, a meek voice came from the other end of the line, “Ms.- Ms. Qiao.” 
That voice… 
Qiao Lian was silent for a short while before speaking. “Uncle Wang.” 
He had been the Head of the Finance Department in her father’s company at the time. 
She stared at the phone and then said slowly, “What happened at that time—” 
“Ms. Qiao, I beg of you, just let bygones be bygones. Please, spare me, ok?” 
At those words, Qiao Lian cast her gaze down and continued, “Uncle Wang, you must have been the first person the police went after when trouble came for the Qiao Family enterprise. But at that time you disappeared. If the police knows that you’re in Hainan, what do you think will happen?” 
The man started to panic at this remark and said, “Ms. Qiao, I didn’t have a choice! Your parents were forced to die and now, are you like the same people who pushed them to the edge, trying to do the same to me?” 
Qiao Lian lowered her gaze and replied, “I’m not trying to force you. I just want a better understanding of what happened back then! It has been so many years since they died, but whenever people talk about them, they still talk about them as profiteers. I cannot allow that. Uncle Wang, I’m sure you don’t want to be a drifter all your life, right?” 
The man fell silent at her words. 
After a while, he finally spoke, “There’s no way to investigate this matter.” 
“How so?” 
Uncle Wang sighed and said, “Do you know how the police came to the conclusion that your parents did a sloppy job?” 
Qiao Lian shook her head and said, “No, I don’t.” 
“It’s because, after the building had collapsed, when they came to seal the finance department, they discovered the account book related to this building project had gone missing. And the actual materials left behind at the construction site were all of inferior quality. This was how they came to the conclusion that the company was skimping on materials and your parents were stuffing their own pockets.” 
“Where is the account book?” Qiao Lian probed further. 
Uncle Wang sighed and said, “It is with the person who caused your parents’ plight.” 
Qiao Lian fell silent. 
The person who had caused her parents’ plight. Who could that be
If they could retrieve the account book, then it would be clear that the materials they had bought at the time were of good quality, and that her parents hadn’t been stuffing their own pockets. The reality was that the materials they had originally bought had been stolen. 
Hence, the person responsible for this must have been someone from the material factory. 
The material factory… belonged to the Lu Family. 
Her pupils shrank immediately. She asked, “Uncle Wang, do you know who?” 
“I- I don’t—” 
“If you didn’t, why did you disappear at the time?”
###Chapter 1085: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (1) 
There was an immediate silence. Then the man finally said with a sigh, “It was the Lu Family that was responsible for this. Lu Nanze’s parents did this!” 
So it had been them indeed. 
If that were the case, then the account book would be with the Lu Family. 
Qiao Lian took a deep breath. 
She had to get her hands on the account book to prove that her parents were innocent. 
At the thought of this, she lowered her head. 
“But, Ms. Qiao, you have to understand something.” 
She paused. “What is it?” 
“It’s possible that the account book has been destroyed! After all, keeping it would only bring trouble. If the account book no longer exists, then there is really nothing else that can clarify what had happened back then.” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back as she said, “Not possible.” 
“Why?” 
Qiao Lian looked out of the backseat window. 
The willow trees along the streets of Suzhou were starting to grow new shoots. 
The earth was starting to rejuvenate, spring was around the corner. 
Just like her springtime with Shen Liangchuan was also just around the corner. 
She said unhurriedly, “Lu Nanze once told me that his father had an obsession, that he collected tokens from all his evil deeds as proof of how clever he had been in the past. Besides, you only say that it’s a possibility that the account book has already been destroyed. But there’s also a possibility that they’re still around?” 
As long as there was a glimmer of hope, she would not give up. 
After hanging up, all sorts of possibilities came to her mind. 
It was going to be extremely tough to infiltrate the Lu Family residence and get her hands on the account book. 
But now… 
She was in a very good position to do this. 
Since she had lost her memory, she was of no threat to Lu Nanze. 
He would not be on guard against her. Hence, if she continued pretending to have no recollection of the past and sneak into his office, she could take the opportunity to locate the account book. 
At this point, she lowered her head. 
If this were the case, she couldn’t possibly start ignoring Lu Nanze for now. 
But how was she going to manage Shen Liangchuan then
If she told him the truth, would he stop her from taking this risk, for the sake of the child
But if she didn’t tell him. 
She was now in a conundrum. 
– 
On the other end, at the hospital. 
Lu Nanze looked intently at the doctor, listening carefully to his explanation of Qiao Lian’s condition. “This sort of memory loss is the result of an external trauma, which resulted in a hemorrhage into the surrounding tissues. Once this has cleared, she will regain her memory.” 
Lu Nanze quickly asked, “Specifically, how long would that take?” 
The doctor shook his head and said, “This is impossible to say for sure. Perhaps a month, perhaps a few days, perhaps a year, or even a lifetime. You know, the most amazing part of the human body is the brain. There are so many nerve connections in it, there are many things that medical science cannot explain.” 
Lu Nanze frowned and got to his feet. “I understand.” 
After walking out of the hospital, Lu Nanze looked into the distance. 
His hope was that Qiao Lian would never regain her memory. 
But he knew this was being too selfish of him. 
The only other way was to capture her affection before her memory returned. 
At this thought, he lowered his head and got into the car. He drove to a florist and bought a bouquet of flowers. With the bouquet in his hand, he headed to the Qiao family villa. 
Beijing. 
Shi Nianyao was feeling dejected as she arrived home. She went upstairs and then holding her cell phone, she waited to hear from Mo Xicheng. 
She was in a conundrum. 
Did he see through her disguise and knew that was her?! 
As this question flashed through her mind, a call from Mo Xicheng came in.
###Chapter 1086: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (2) 
Shi Nianyao immediately got worked up. Staring at the cell phone, she almost jumped when it rang. 
She picked up the call at once and heard Mo Xicheng’s voice, “Are you home?” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “I- I’m home. Hey, how did you know I went out?” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent. 
Shi Nianyao cautiously asked, “Mo Xicheng, what did you do today?” 
“I went on a blind date.” 
Shi Nianyao demanded, “… How could you go on a blind date? You have to know you have a girlfriend!” 
Fortunately, it had been her this time. But if the daughter of the Shi family hadn’t been her, would Mo Xicheng have also agreed
She felt she had every right to be angry. Unexpectedly, the next thing he said was, “What did you do today?” 
She replied, “… I went on a blind date.” 
Hence, did that mean they were even
Urgh! 
Could one get even over something like this
Shi Nianyao grimaced and continued, “You- I—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Mo Xicheng interrupted, “Yao Yao, I didn’t expect that you would come from such a prominent family.” 
That remark caused her to stop short at what she was going to say. She bit her tongue. 
She stared blankly at her cell phone, suddenly at a loss for words. 
Mo Xicheng continued unhurriedly, “When I saw you today, I had a fright.” 
Pursing her lips, Shi Nianyao hung her head and said, “I- I wasn’t purposely hiding things from you. It’s just—” 
It was just that she had never had the habit of telling others about her family. 
Hopefully, Mo Xicheng… wouldn’t be angry with her
As she started worrying about losing this man, Mo Xicheng continued, “You’re the daughter of the Shi family and I, on the other hand, am only an illegitimate child. If you really do end up with me, you’ll see over and over again the sort of situation you saw today.” 
“Yao Yao, if you marry me, you’ll only get bogged down because of me. And you’ll never be able to hold your head up high in front of the Mo family members. You—” 
The more he said, the more nervous Shi Nianyao became. 
Was he hinting for them to break up
The thought of this made her panic. 
She quickly said, “Mo Xicheng, listen up. I, Shi Nianyao, will not break up with you! Don’t even think about it for a moment.” 
Mo Xicheng fell silent when she said this. 
The silence made her panic even more. She spoke into the phone frantically, “Mo Xicheng, say something!” 
“Mo Xicheng, are you still there?” 
He faintly grunted, “Uh huh.” 
She sighed in relief. 
Then she continued, “Mo Xicheng, it’s you, and not your family background, that I’m in love with. So what if you’re an illegitimate son? The one who erred was your mother, not you! Hence, I will not break up with you.” 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help but laugh aloud at her insistence on not breaking up. 
Shi Nianyao was taken aback. “What are you laughing at?” 
“Yao Yao, I’m asking you for the last time. Have you really thought this through?” 
Shi Nianyao bit her lip and then said, “I’ve thought it through.” 
He was silent for a moment and finally said, “Yao Yao, I won’t mention break up again.” 
Recently, he had increasingly grown to like having someone by his side. d. cm
As someone who had grown up in a dark and gloomy world, Shi Nianyao was the only light in his life. 
He had tried to avoid her, but she had made all her efforts to be around him and close to him. 
And gradually, he had grown addicted to this feeling of being in love. He could no longer let go. 
Since this was the case, he wasn’t going to let her leave him again. 
And this would be the last time he was asking this question.
###Chapter 1087: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (3) 
Shi Nianyao understood his intentions and sighed in relief. 
She dropped back on the bed. Lying on her back and looking at the ceiling, she asked, “It’s my birthday tomorrow and they’re throwing me a party at home in the evening. Will you come?” 
Laughing, Mo Xicheng said, “I’d love to go, but….” 
He was busy
Shi Nianyao immediately felt disappointed. 
But Mo Xicheng was busy working, it was pardonable. 
She couldn’t possibly hold back Mo Xicheng’s work. 
At this thought, she said, “Well, it’s just a birthday. There’s one every year. You have important matters, so it really doesn’t matter! Tomorrow’s event is not a big event, it’s just family gathering for a meal.” 
“Oh so, it’s not a big event.” Mo Xicheng said unhurriedly, “So you don’t want to invite me?” 
Shi Nianyao was taken aback by his remark and said after a moment, “Why would I not invite you? But weren’t you just about to say… you’re busy?” 
He laughed and continued, “But I don’t have an invitation card. Is the security officer at your home very strict? Do I have to jump over a wall to get in?” 
Shi Nianyao was astonished. 
She hugged her phone and rolled around on her bed in ecstasy. 
The way her idol’s voice sounded in her ears, with his deep laughter and teasing tone, made her feel completely… like a love-struck school girl. 
Her heart went wild and her face turned a deep red. 
She grinned in a silly manner and said,”Uh huh. Our security officer is really strict, but there is a doggy door that you could crawl through.” 
There was a silent pause and then he replied, “For the sake of meeting my girlfriend, I’ll just have to use the doggy door then. Where is it, specifically?” 
Girlfriend. 
Ahhhhhhh! 
She felt her heart melting. 
She couldn’t help but laugh aloud. “How could I possibly let you use the doggy door?! For sure, the invitation card will be delivered to the Mo family residence tomorrow.” 
“Uh huh, now I’m a little worried.” 
Shi Nianyao asked, “What are you worried about?” 
“Worried about what sort of birthday present to get you.” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes lit up immediately. That’s right, what was Mo Xicheng going to give her as a birthday present
Actually… 
There was no need for a present. 
He only had to bring himself along! 
But she should not say that out loud. Reserve. As a girl, she had to be reserved sometimes. 
She cleared her throat and said, “Surprise me!” 
Sighing, Mo Xicheng said, “I’ll try my best.” 
She flipped onto her belly on the bed and swung her legs to and fro. She yawned into the phone. 
“Are you tired? Why don’t you take an afternoon nap?” 
“No!” 
As she said this, she yawned again. 
Seeing that she was fighting hard to stay awake, he asked at once, “You haven’t removed your makeup, have you?” 
At these words, Shi Nianyao suddenly froze in the middle of another yawn. ?ne?. ?ｍ
She realized at once how completely unsightly she looked. 
Then she quickly remembered a question she had wanted to ask. 
Ahhhhhhh! 
To think that Mo Xicheng had seen her in such an ugly state. 
She grimaced, quickly sat up and explained, “My- my makeup today…” 
“Uh huh?” 
Shi Nianyao coughed lightly and whispered, “How was it?” 
“… Very unconventional.” 
He had to think very hard to come up with this diplomatic answer. 
Unable to contain herself, Shi Nianyao burst out laughing.
###Chapter 1088: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (4) 
Time flew by quickly and it was now the following evening. 
It was the first time the Shi family’s daughter celebrated her birthday in such a grand manner. 
All the people who had never met her thought of ways to get themselves an invitation, to get into the party and, through this, into the high society. 
At the Mo family. 
Dad Mo looked at the two invitation cards and paused. 
The two invitation cards were written separately, one to the Mo family and the other to Mo Xicheng. 
It separated Mo Xicheng from the Mo Family. 
Dad Mo frowned. It looked like the Shi family’s intention was clear. 
They wanted a clear distinction between Mo Xicheng and the Shi family. 
Was their intention to stop the Mo family from attacking Mo Xicheng after Shi Nianyao married him
The reason he had agreed to let Mo Xicheng marry Shi Nianyao was, firstly, because Mo Zhi had offended her. If they hadn’t reached a marriage agreement, they could have turned into enemies. And secondly, he had hopes that Mo Xicheng would have some loyalty to the Mo family after the marriage. Like this, hopefully his in-laws would extend some goodwill towards Mo Zhi. 
But now… 
Dad Mo sighed. Hopefully, he hadn’t made a wrong decision. 
But Mo Xicheng had always been obedient and it should all work out. 
At the time, he had allowed Mo Xicheng to go to school together with Mo Zhi. Obviously, he had been a bright student but in every exam, he would make a point to fare worse than Mo Zhi. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t know all of these things, it was just that he would turn a blind eye. 
Because Mo Zhi was his son. 
Mo Xicheng… had just been an accident. 
At this thought, Dad Mo cast his gaze down and picked up his cell phone to call Mo Xicheng. “Are you aware of tonight’s party?” 
“Uh huh.” 
Dad Mo sighed. This calmness and composure alone was something that Mo Zhi didn’t have. 
But it was useless, even if Mo Xicheng was an outstanding person. 
Dad Mo continued, “Uh huh. So you should make sure to prepare a present for her, and we will also prepare a gift. Also, tonight, don’t start any nonsense. You’re not to embarrass your brother, do you understand?” 
Mo Xicheng was silent for a moment and then said, “I’ll try my best.” 
“Not try your best, you must promise. Besides, there are a few things I have to say again. Your brother is the successor of this family. I think you understand what I’m hinting at.” 
Mo Xicheng clenched his fists tightly as he listened to that voice from the other end of the line. It carried no trace of warmth and affection. He said, “I understand.” 
After hanging up, Mo Xicheng took a deep breath. His gaze fell on the present that he had picked for Shi Nianyao early this morning. 
After a moment, he hung his head. 
– 
It was six in the evening. 
Mo Xicheng’s car pulled up at the Shi family residence. 
There were already all sorts of luxury cars parked outside the villa. 
He parked his car, picked up the present and walked towards the house. 
After taking two steps, he heard the people in front of him discuss something. 
“Is this little missy really that ugly?” 
“Although everyone’s saying she’s not pretty, I don’t think she is that ugly?” 
“That’s right. Besides, if she’s really that ugly, how can it be that your younger brother agreed to marry her? After all, he’s so dashing.” 
After these remarks, Mo Zhi’s voice could be heard saying, “Sheesh, that ugly monster… I wouldn’t want her. Of course I have to give her to Mo Xicheng! I say, what’s the use of him being this dashing? Huh, with such an ugly monster mother, his future children will surely not be as good-looking as mine.”
###Chapter 1089: So, She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend! (5) 
Dad Mo was a good-looking man, and both Li Shu and Yao Lili were considerably good-looking. Hence, although Mo Zhi was a bad person in many ways, it was no lie that his looks were indeed quite outstanding, almost on par with Mo Xicheng. 
That Mo Xicheng had been able to enter the entertainment circle and, on top of that, become an outstanding actor, had been because he had previously been chosen as the most beautiful male artist in China. 
Hence, it wasn’t hard to imagine that Mo Zhi’s looks were considerably attractive among the sea of people. 
What a waste. 
That he had a younger brother like Mo Xicheng. Especially when Mo Xicheng was in the business, appearing on big and small screens. Everyone was so used to seeing his face that when they looked at Mo Zhi, they didn’t think that he was a big deal in comparison. 
This to Mo Zhi was a thorn in his flesh. 
Since childhood, he had done better in his studies than Mo Xicheng. But of course, one’s looks were given by Mother Nature and little could be done about it. 
But things were great now. 
He would surely find himself a beautiful woman to bear his children, whereas Mo Xicheng’s children would have their looks ruined by the Shi family’s little missy. 
Mo Zhi felt a surge of glee as he thought about this. 
But just as he was feeling elated, he saw a change in the expressions on the people in front of him. They had started to look awkward and had stopped smiling. i?r． o
He said immediately, “What’s wrong with you? Keep talking! I’m telling you, that little missy of the Shi family has got a mole here, right here. Dang! Simply beautiful. But I’ll have to say, that girl has got a good figure and has pale skin on her arms. But that face… The makeup was so ridiculously thick. Sigh! … Hey, what’s wrong with your eyes? Why do they keep twitching?” 
The person who had been trying to warn him with eye signals had gone completely silent. 
And at the same time, Mo Xicheng was already standing right behind this group of people. He frowned as he looked steadily at Mo Zhi and called, “Mo Zhi.” 
Mo Zhi froze when he heard that voice. 
He turned around and saw Mo Xicheng standing there with little expression on his face. 
Oddly enough, his heart pounded. 
Guiltily, Mo Zhi coughed and said, “What are you doing? Sneaking behind us and eavesdropping on my conversation with my buddies?” 
Ignoring him, Mo Xicheng knitted his brow and gave an icy smirk. Then he walked forward. 
Mo Zhi was forced by his brother’s presence to take a step back. 
Then he stared wide-eyed as Mo Xicheng approached his friends and looked at them steadily. 
Mo Zhi gulped and started, “Hey, what do you want—” 
Lowering his head, Mo Xicheng warned, “From now on, I don’t want to hear you say one negative word about her.” 
At these words, the group immediately lowered their heads and looked away from the two brothers. 
However, being embarrassed by Mo Xicheng like this in the presence of his friends infuriated Mo Zhi. He hollered, “Mo Xicheng, what do you mean? Stand right there! What negative things have I said about her? She’s ugly, isn’t that the truth?” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng looked up and took a step towards him. 
His strong aura overwhelmed Mo Zhi, who hiccuped and got even angrier. “Mo Xicheng, don’t you go thinking that you’ve had a lucky break just because you’ve abandoned your pretty girlfriend to curry favor with the Shi family’s daughter. Let me tell you, you’re just an illegitimate son to the Mo family! You will never be able to dissociate yourself from your status. What are you in my eyes? I only have to move my little finger and you’ll have to get down on your knees to beg me.” 
After saying all of this, he lifted his head and tilted his chin upwards. 
And right at this point, Shi Nianyao’s voice was heard, “What do you think you’re doing?”
###Chapter 1090: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (6) 
Everyone turned simultaneously to look as these words were spoken. They saw Shi Nianyao, who had not changed into her evening gown. Dressed simply in a pair of jeans and blazer, she strode over to them. 
She was wearing light make-up and had a smile on her face. Her complexion was smooth and delicate like a piece of flawless jade. 
Her pale skin was enhanced by her dark hair, making her a picture of glowing health. 
Although those wealthy young men had seen their fair share of beautiful girls, Shi Nianyao stunned them still. All their eyes were blatantly trained on her now. 
Shi Nianyao, on the other hand, ignored everyone’s stares, but her eyes lit up at once when she saw Mo Xicheng. Quickening her steps, she came up to him and immediately embraced him. She said, “You’re here.” 
Everyone then shifted their gaze onto Mo Xicheng at once, with an unmistakable look of envy in every pair of eyes. 
Then someone said in a jealous tone, “Mo Zhi, who’s this?” 
Mo Zhi was already stunned speechless. 
When he had seen Shi Nianyao previously, outside the filming location, she had been wearing a puffy down jacket. Although she had a pretty face, it definitely hadn’t looked as delicate and breathtaking as this very moment. 
Even then, the Shi Nianyao he remembered was enough to set him crazy for her for a long time. 
He had just managed to put all of that behind him, but now unexpectedly, he realized that she actually was even more beautiful with a light touch of makeup. 
His eyes were fixed on her and he simply could not look away. 
He answered that person’s question absentmindedly, “This is Mo Xicheng’s girlfriend.” 
At once, everyone sighed in envy. “How lucky!” 
Mo Zhi approached Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng, his eyes never leaving her once. Then he said to her, “Ms. Shi, what brings you here?” 
Shi Nianyao raised an eyebrow and looked at Mo Zhi. Then she tilted her head to think for a moment and said, “I’m here to look for my idol, of course.” 
At once, Mo Zhi misunderstood what she meant. 
He thought Shi Nianyao had heard the news of Mo Xicheng being engaged to someone else, and she was here for this reason. 
Hence he smiled at once, as he pointed at Mo Xicheng and said, “So Ms. Shi, do you have any idea what your idol did? Let me tell you, just so that he can curry favor with this family’s missy, he is going to abandon you.” 
Initially, he had thought that Shi Nianyao would be devastated and end up in tears. 
When that happened, he would be perfectly ready to step in. 
But unexpectedly, when Shi Nianyao heard this, she raised an eyebrow and laughed, saying, “How could that be possible?” 
But before she had a chance to finish what she was saying, Mo Zhi interrupted her, “Why wouldn’t it be possible? I’m telling you, that’s the sort of person Mo Xicheng is. If you don’t believe me, just wait and see.” 
“No, I meant you have misunderstood—” 
“Misunderstood? Ha, is he trying to justify this whole matter just by using misunderstanding as an excuse? Are you stupid or something? You believe his lousy excuse? Is it possible for a misunderstanding to lead to marriage? Or is Mo Xicheng wanting the best of both worlds and you don’t mind being his mistress?” 
“I’m not—” 
“You’re not what? Do you know why you lost out to that ugly monster? Because that ugly monster has money! Ms. Shi, don’t you think so? Look, nowadays, you can’t survive without money. You see, he can abandon you for the sake of money. So why bother entangling yourself with him? The way I see it, you’re better off with me.”
###Chapter 1091: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (7) 
Shi Nianyao was speechless. 
He hadn’t let her get a word in to clarify her identity. 
Shi Nianyao gave up and decided to wait till he was done before she started talking. 
But to her surprise, Mo Zhi conveniently took a step forward, reached out and took her hand. 
Shi Nianyao was flabbergasted. 
She frowned and was about to react when she felt a movement next to her. Mo Xicheng had stepped in and intervened, grabbing his wrist. His eyes glared at the other man fiercely and he started, “Mo Zhi, I’ve said this before, keep your hands off her!” 
Mo Zhi sneered, “Why? You’re not satisfied with that ugly monster and want another woman for yourself? Let me warn you, you’d better let go! Let me have this girl for a few days, otherwise, I’ll stir so much trouble that you’ll get on the Shi Family’s wrong side, and the Mo Family will not come to your rescue! When that happens, and knowing that you’ve fooled around with that ugly monster, her brother will never forgive you.” 
He had thought initially that Mo Xicheng would be worried and afraid, but the latter unexpectedly narrowed his eyes, reached out and gave Mo Zhi a forceful push. Mo Zhi stumbled a few steps backwards. 
At this point he was livid. “Mo Xicheng, are you seriously so bold?” 
Looking at Mo Zhi with his narrowed eyes, he said, “Mo Zhi, I suggest that you’d better be more respectful and understand where you are.” 
These words provoked Mo Zhi even more. “I’m the successor of the family, I should be the one saying these words to you! You’re engaged to that ugly monster, so why are you still hogging this girl?!” 
At this point, he looked at Shi Nianyao again. Coming face to face with her now, an obsessive and sparkling expression appeared on his face as he said, “Ms. Shi, I can marry you and you will be the Mo family’s young madam. What do you say? Come with me. It’s at any rate better than being with this pretty boy as his mistress! Let me tell you, in the future he’s just going to be a henpecked husband. You’d better not be with him!” 
Having said all of that, he extended his arm towards Shi Nianyao and said, “Since things have come to this point, now you should see clearly who is truly good to you, right?” 
Then he stepped towards her and tried persuading her, “Come with me, I’ll escort you into the event venue. I can even make you the sister-in-law of that ugly monster!” 
Hearing him using the term “ugly monster” over and over again just made her blood boil. 
Suck that! 
You’re the ugly monster, everyone in your family is an ugly monster! 
Urgh, no… With the exception of my idol, everyone in your family is an ugly monster! 
So how could I possibly go with him
But Shi Nianyao rolled her eyes at his arrogance, immediately put her hand on Mo Xicheng’s arm and said, “I’d rather be my idol’s mistress than your legal wife. Because you disgust me!” 
At these words, she instinctively moved a step back to hide behind Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Zhi turned ashen and lifted a finger to point at Shi Nianyao, saying, “You—” 
Shi Nianyao lifted her chin and challenged him, “Why? It’s illegal to speak the truth? Mo Zhi, I suggest that after you get home tonight, you should switch on your computer and then look in the mirror.” 
Mo Zhi was taken aback and asked, “Why?” 
“You should look at my idol’s picture and then in the mirror.” 
At these words, she sighed and continued, “So be it if one is ugly. But what’s worse is that you think you’re so great looking that you show your face to frighten others. That’s where you’re wrong. In my heart, you can’t even hold a candle to my idol’s toe.”
###Chapter 1092: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (8) 
Mo Zhi was speechless with fury!! 
He trembled and was now almost losing control of the anger that had built up in him. Shi Nianyao stuck her tongue out at the man and, grabbing Mo Xicheng’s wrist, said, “Let’s go.” 
Mo Xicheng had wanted to chide Mo Zhi, but seeing that Shi Nianyao wanted to leave, he went along with her. 
As they walked past Mo Zhi, he halted and glanced at the man. 
The spark of warning in his eyes caused Mo Zhi to shrink back and retreat. Mo Zhi was now even angrier at himself for being so afraid of Mo Xicheng. 
After Mo Xicheng had walked enough of a distance away, he shouted loudly at them, “Fine, fine, Mo Xicheng, you’ve actually so openly brought her here. You really think the ugly monster is so easy to handle? Let me tell you, I’m going to look for her right now. I’ll tell her you’re with another woman!” 
Of course, Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng both could not be bothered with him and continued to walk away. 
Mo Xicheng stood there fuming on the spot. Someone came forward and remarked, “This Mo Xicheng is a bit much! He’s just an illegitimate son yet acts so arrogant. I wonder where he got his guts!” 
“Indeed, and could it be possible that the ugly monster is so ugly that Mo Xicheng no longer wishes to get engaged to her?” 
Having said this, the person even reached out to give Mo Zhi’s shoulder a little push and added, “If he goes back on his word now, your father will surely make you go through the marriage for the sake of the Mo family. And when that time comes, the ugly monster is yours permanently again.” 
Mo Zhi shuddered at those words. He narrowed his eyes, snorted coldly and continued, “Things have come to this point, so it’s no longer up to him to decide to go ahead. Ha, I definitely wouldn’t want that ugly monster! As for Shi Nianyao, of course I have to get my hands on her.” 
– 
On the other side, Shi Nianyao had left that annoying person behind now with Mo Xicheng in tow. They sneaked into the back garden. 
Once they were there, she turned around and, with her eyes lit up, looked at Mo Xicheng. Then she stretched out a slender and pale arm, and said, “Hurry up, give it to me!” 
Looking back at her, Mo Xicheng feigned innocence and asked, “What?” 
“A present, today’s my birthday! What present did you get me?” 
Mo Xicheng sighed and furrowed his brow. 
Shi Nianyao tensed up at that sign and said, “Don’t tell me you didn’t get me a present?!” e?. o
She pouted and looked as though she was on the verge of tears. That expression on her face was heart-meltingly cute. 
Mo Xicheng immediately said, “Of course I did.” 
Her eyes lit up again at once. “Hurry up and give it to me then!” 
Casting his gaze down, he said, “Ok.” 
He slid his hand into his pocket. 
Shi Nianyao’s gaze followed his movement and was fixed on his pocket, in great anticipation of what he could have gotten her. 
But unexpectedly… 
Mo Xicheng’s hand dug around. He frowned and said, “Damn, I actually forgot to bring it with me!” 
Shi Nianyao was flabbergasted. 
Ahhhhhhh! 
This man was too evil. 
How could he possibly forget to bring her birthday present?! 
Pouting and looking as though she was going to cry again, she started, “You- you- Are you teasing me?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head and started to grope around in his other pocket. “I recall putting it in my pocket before leaving the house… Ah, I remember now. I left it on the coffee table in the room. I’ve forgotten to bring it with me.”
###Chapter 1093: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (9) 
Shi Nianyao immediately looked dejected. 
She hadn’t even changed into her gown, but she had dashed out to look for him because, in the first place, she had really wanted to see him. 
Secondly, she had wanted her present, but he had actually forgotten and left it at home. 
She was about to burst out in tears. 
“What now then? Get your housekeeper to send it?” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “I don’t like having housekeepers so there’s no one home. Otherwise, I’ll go home now and get it.” 
At these words, he turned around. 
Shi Nianyao quickly grabbed him and said, “No, no, I have to start the dance shortly! You have to be my partner for the first dance.” 
This was her debut in the presence of all these people. How could she not have her idol with her
Between the idol and her present, she was torn apart for a moment. 
Then she said, “The present’s a small matter. Of course you’re more important!” 
At these words, a faint smile was suddenly noticeable in Mo Xicheng’s expression. 
He drew out the hand that was in his pocket and took out a small delicate gift box. Placing it in front of Shi Nianyao, he said, “Happy birthday.” 
Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
Staring at the gift box, her eyes lit up at once. 
The present she had thought wasn’t meant to be today had now materialized before her eyes. 
She immediately broke into a broad smile. 
A smile so broad her mouth couldn’t close. 
She reached for the present. “You- you’re so evil. Why did you tease me?!” 
With his head lowered, Mo Xicheng said, “Well, tell me then, did you dash out here for me or for the present?” 
Shi Nianyao froze in the midst of opening her present and looked up silently. 
She stole a glance at him and then looked down again. 
Aha. 
So it seemed that her idol was this adorable too! 
He was actually… jealous. 
And furthermore, jealous of the present he had bought her. 
Hahahaha. 
Mo Xicheng was simply too cute! 
At this thought, Shi Nianyao lifted her head with a big grin on her face. Catching him off guard, she stood on her tip-toes and planted a quick kiss on his cheek. i?r.＆nbsp;com
Immediately after, she turned around and ran, saying aloud, “Of course it was for you, silly! I’m going to get changed into my gown!” 
With a deep blush on her face, she quickly ran back to her dressing room. 
Staring at her light and graceful back view disappearing into the distance, Mo Xicheng stood stunned and rooted to the spot. 
He stood there for a while before he recovered. Then he reached out slowly to touch his face. 
He was so shaken by the gentle sensation of the kiss she had voluntarily planted on his face that, if it hadn’t been for her quick escape, he would have devoured her. 
At this thought, the corners of his lips turned upwards into a smile. 
His cell phone rang. 
Looking down at the screen, he saw that it was a call from Dad Mo. “Where are you? Come here at once!” 
Mo Xicheng frowned. 
Five minutes later. 
He arrived at the lobby and found his father. 
Dad Mo grabbed his arm and said in a low voice, “Why did I hear Mo Zhi saying that you brought that girlfriend of yours? I’m telling you, ask her to get out of here immediately!” 
“And make sure your plan to marry the ugly monster is sealed as soon as possible! Get it done tonight!” Mo Zhi added. 
At these words, Mo Xicheng looked at Mo Zhi impassively and asked, “You were telling tales?” 
Mo Zhi hiccuped and said defensively, “How’s this telling tales? I’m just trying to stop you from making a mistake! I’m telling you, make sure your plan to marry the ugly monster is sealed tonight!”
###Chapter 1094: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (10) 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank back at his words. 
But Mo Zhi was already in a discussion with his father, “Dad, you must not regret this. I’m telling you, this deal has to be sealed today! Otherwise, if Mo Xicheng does anything to betray the ugly monster, the Shi family will hold us accountable. And Dad, just to remind you, isn’t our company trying to form strategic ties with the Shi family and join forces with them? You must not soften your heart.” 
Dad Mo listened to this with his head lowered. He glanced at Mo Zhi and nodded, “Ok, since there is a crowd here today, we should at least get this out and make it official. We can pave the way for a smoother future like this.” 
Mo Zhi immediately nodded. 
Dad Mo lifted his gaze and glanced at Mo Xicheng. Then he said, “You, come with me!” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng hung his head. 
It had been like this since he had been a child. 
In the eyes of Dad Mo and Mo Zhi, he was less than a human being. He was only an . 
They had never sought his opinions before making any decisions for him. 
And they would also not ask him whether he liked it. 
Perhaps, Dad Mo had never thought of him as his son
At this thought, he started walking and followed Dad Mo. 
Indeed, they had to seal this before the crowd today. 
Then, when Nianyao appeared later, Mo Zhi wouldn’t be able to go back on his word even if he wanted to. 
Hence, he might as well beat him at his own game. 
Mo Xicheng obediently followed his father as the man made his way through the crowd and went right up to Shi Jinyan, who was entertaining some of the attendees. 
Shi Jinyan looked every bit the traditional confucian merchant. 
With years of experience behind him, he had grown matured and composed. 
Upon hearing a small commotion, he turned around and saw the men who had approached him. His eyes fell on Mo Xicheng at once. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help but feel all the pressure that was emanating from his heavy gaze. 
He held Shi Jinyan’s stare steadily and looked into the man’s eyes. 
His manner was neither servile nor overbearing and, in addition, Mo Xicheng had a steady character. Shi Jinyan was pleased with what he saw and a satisfied expression came over his face. 
He knew his own daughter well, hence, when she said she liked Mo Xicheng, then it definitely wasn’t because of the man’s good looks. It had to be his character. 
It seemed that, at the very least, he didn’t have the furtiveness of an illegitimate son. 
One had to understand that many youngsters did not pass his visual assessment. 
As these thoughts ran through his mind, Dad Mo had already started speaking, “Mr. Shi, although this son of mine has never stood out since he was little, he doesn’t look too bad! He’s a perfect match for your daughter, don’t you think?” 
As these words were spoken, Shi Jinyan noted that the people around were already turning their attention to them. 
Immediately, he knew what Dad Mo was leading up to. He walked towards Dad Mo and patted Mo Xicheng on the shoulder, saying, “He will surpass us in the time to come.” 
These words were a sterling appraisal of the young man. 
The people around had started to congratulate them, “Young Master Mo and Ms. Shi, they must be a perfect match!” 
“That’s right. Look at Young Master Mo’s presence. We hear that your families are about to become in-laws, when’s the wedding banquet?!” 
Dad Mo quickly said, “No hurry, no hurry! We… will have to wait for Mr. Shi to release his daughter.” 
The exchanges were extremely joyous. 
Seeing this situation, Mo Zhi was most gleeful. 
Now that news of the intended marriage was out and everyone knew, he had severed all associations with that ugly monster. 
But where was Shi Nianyao
Just as this thought crossed his mind, he suddenly heard the emcee speak, “And now, let’s welcome Ms. Shi!” 
At these words, every pair of eyes in the crowd lifted, as did the spotlight, and focused on the second floor. 
Shortly, a silhouette appeared. eα. ?m
The moment he saw the silhouette, Mo Zhi froze. Wasn’t that… Shi Nianyao?!
###Chapter 1095: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (11) 
Mo Zhi stared at that girl upstairs with a look of complete disbelief. 
Shi Nianyao was in a long white gown and looked like a fairy slowly descending. 
Every step she took was graceful. It didn’t take anyone more than a glance to know that this was a well brought up and educated girl. 
Enhanced by the long white dress, the exquisite beauty of her face had on a radiant glow and everyone had their eyes fixed on her. 
Mo Zhi was stupefied. 
Why was Shi Nianyao upstairs
Had they focused the spotlight on the right person
He was in shock as he looked at Shi Nianyao descending the stairs slowly and head towards the stage. She took over the microphone from the emcee. She started to speak into the device, her sweet voice reaching everyone’s ears, “Thank you to all our friends out here who have come to show their support to me. In the past, because I was in school, I had little contact with everyone. In the future, I ask for everyone to please be patient with me.” 
It was a simple but appropriate speech. 
She made a good impression on everyone. 
As Mo Zhi stood there in a daze, he heard voices remarking: 
“Darn! This is the little missy of the Shi Family?” 
“Way beautiful! I can’t think of any family with a daughter on par.” 
“Indeed!” 
“Do you remember Mo Zhi said she’s an ugly monster?” 
“Mo Zhi, your standards are way too high! If this is an ugly monster, then who, in your opinion, is a beauty?” 
“Haha, could it be that Mo Zhi has a totally different taste from the rest of us?” 
These sorts of comments came like slaps, to the extent that he felt his face turning red and swollen. 
To think he had been waiting for the rest of them to join him in taunting Mo Xicheng. But unexpectedly, he had now become the biggest joke. 
Mo Zhi took a deep breath, feeling thoroughly ill now. 
Then he looked at the emcee, as the latter announced the first dance and encouraged Shi Nianyao to invite her partner. 
Smiling radiantly, her eyes swept across the room and fell in Mo Zhi’s direction. 
Following this, the crowd parted automatically to form a clear path. 
Mo Zhi stared in a daze and, for some reason, took a step forward. But at this point, someone next to him overtook him and walked straight up to Shi Nianyao. 
Mo Xicheng was in a jet black suit that combined with his crisp white shirt. He stood dashingly and elegantly before Shi Nianyao and asked, “May I have the first dance?” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes were sparkling as she looked at him. Her hand reached out unconsciously to touch her neck lightly. 
Around it hung a necklace with an aquamarine gemstone. 
It was a teardrop-shaped aquamarine gemstone. Hung around her neck, it brought out the paleness of her skin. 
That was the gift from Mo Xicheng. 
The both of them smiled as their eyes met. Then Shi Nianyao extended her arm, lifted her chin and placed her hand on his. 
Holding her hand, he led her slowly to the dance floor. 
The focus was completely on them now. 
“This illegitimate son is lucky indeed!” 
“The daughter of the Shi family is wealthy, beautiful, and very highly educated, I hear. This guy has got all the luck indeed!” 
“My god! Didn’t they say the Shi family had some sort of marriage arrangement with Mo Zhi? How did that turn out to be Mo Xicheng?” 
“Oh, I’m so envious of Mo Xicheng! When will I find such a beautiful girlfriend?” 
All these comments were driving Mo Zhi nuts. 
He was supposed to be the person that everyone would envy.
###Chapter 1096: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (12) 
Mo Zhi was livid. 
At once, he shoved away the people who were in front of him as he tried to access the dance floor. Suddenly, he felt a hand pressuring his shoulder, holding him back. 
Mo Zhi turned around. Then he saw Shi Nianyao’s brother, Shi Xun, standing in front of him. 
There was a strong flash of warning in his eyes as he spoke, “Young Master Mo, this is the Shi family residence, not a place where you can do as you please. If anyone ruins my sister’s birthday party, I will not let him off easily.” 
Mo Zhi shuddered at his warning. 
Shi Xun turned around and indicated to the men behind him, “Invite Young Master Mo to the lounge for tea till the banquet is over.” 
“Roger.” 
At once, two security officers held Mo Zhi firmly by his shoulders. 
Frightened by Shi Xun, it was only when he was sandwiched between the two security officers and led out of the event venue that he recovered. He opened his mouth in an attempt to yell but, the moment he did so, a towel was swiftly stuffed into it. 
Mo Zhi hadn’t had the chance to even make a noise. 
He only managed to make a few muffled sounds. 
Unfortunately for Mo Zhi, Shi Xun had trained all his men in the Shi household to work very efficiently, hence in no time, he had been hauled away. re? 
In the meantime, the few grown-ups who were watching all of this from a corner shook their heads. 
Si Jingyu started, “Now I feel that Mo Xicheng, instead, inherited more of Li Shu’s charm and grace. It was a good thing that Nianyao wanted to test Mo Zhi’s character. Otherwise, he would have been so frivolous and…” 
She didn’t finish what she wanted to say. 
Si Jingyu’s brother, Si Zhengting, was wearing a black suit. He held a cold impassive expression and gave the impression that he was a decisive man with killer instincts. He hadn’t changed a little bit after all of these years. He took no heed of people like Mo Zhi, but Nianyao… 
“Sis, have you ever thought about the successor of the Mo family?” 
His meaning was clear. 
Support Mo Xicheng in inheriting the Mo Family headship. 
Otherwise, Shi Nianyao would suffer if she ended up being together with Mo Xicheng for the long haul. 
Si Jingyu sighed and replied, “Li Shu and I have been good friends for many years after all.” 
Si Zhengting kept silent. 
Although Si Zhengting’s wife, Zhuang Nainai, was in her forties, she had not lost her elegant bearing. Because she had taken pains to maintain herself well, she looked young apart from bearing a calmness as a result of age. Character-wise, she had grown to be less unpredictable, however she was still outspoken. “Let’s not bother with the Mo family’s internal affairs! In the hands of that son, the family will only deteriorate. If Li Shu doesn’t wake up, sooner or later they will come beg us for help. As long as Nianyao is happy, everything’s fine!” 
Si Jingyu nodded in agreement. 
Si Zhengting, however, was amazed at how naive these two women were despite their age. He sighed and said, “Just look at Mo Zhi, do you really think we will sail through this marriage arrangement that easily?” 
Si Jingyu frowned at once and asked, “What do you mean?” 
Si Zhengting did not comment any further. Shuang Nainai tugged at his sleeve and probed, “Come on, don’t just leave it in the air.” 
The man looked helplessly but affectionately at his wife and finally said, “Mo Zhi is not going to just give up like that. After all, from the start, this marriage was supposed to be between Yao Yao and him.” 
– 
The banquet ended. 
Dad Mo located Mo Zhi, who had been held in the lounge. 
With Li Shu, he pushed open the door. The moment they entered, they saw a Mo Zhi with a tear-streaked face. 
Straight away, he flew towards them crying. “Dad, Mum, you have to get back my honor! Shi Nianyao is his girlfriend. Look at her today. Obviously, she was just playing a trick on me during the blind date. I’m her rightful fiance!!”
###Chapter 1097: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (13) 
Dad Mo’s expression immediately froze at those words. 
Staring at Mo Zhi in silence for a moment, he knitted his brow tightly and gave a deep sigh. 
Li Shu almost couldn’t believe her eyes when she stood there, looking at this disgraceful son of hers. 
She thought of how, when the banquet had just finished, Si Jingyu had taken her to the side and hinted clearly that there was something gravely wrong with her son Mo Zhi. Furthermore, she had suggested that she shouldn’t be traveling all the time to avoid her husband, as in doing so she neglected her son. 
Up until this point, Li Shu had never thought it was a problem. 
Because even while traveling, she had kept in contact with Mo Zhi. 
She also stayed with her son every few months and spent time with him. 
But right now, as she looked at the boy… 
Because he had been held there, feeling scared and shocked, he cut a sorry figure. 
He held tightly onto his father’s sleeve, as though expecting his father to salvage the situation. 
But shouldn’t the person who had created trouble at other people’s events be locked up
Besides… they had merely locked him up and done little else. What was he so nervous about
All of these thoughts flashed through her mind. 
At this point, she heard the overbearing Mo Zhi demanding, “Dad, you have to get Shi Nianyao back for me! She’s mine, she’s mine!” 
Dad Mo patted him on the shoulder and said, “Calm down. Dad will take care of this matter for you.” 
When Li Shu looked at the father-and-son pair, she suddenly felt disengaged. 
She turned and started to walk away. 
Mo Zhi, on the other hand, had not noticed the change in his mother’s mood and said to her, “Mom, this Mo Xicheng is downright evil! He’s atrocious!” 
“Shut up already!” 
Li Shu spun around. 
Mo Zhi froze. 
Dad Mo quickly added, “That’s right. Say no more for now. This is not our home after all. We’ll talk when we get home.” 
Mo Zhi nodded at once. 
The three of them walked out of the lounge. They saw that Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan were both standing by the door and seeing their guests out. 
When Li Shu saw Si Jingyu, she was suddenly overcome by embarrassment. 
She thought of how they had used to be such close friends. 
But now… who would have thought they would get into such an awkward situation over their children’s future
Li Shu walked up to Si Jingyu and waved at her, saying, “We’re leaving now.” 
Si Jingyu nodded. 
Mo Zhi looked around and asked, “Where’s Mo Xicheng?” 
His tone was not harmonious. 
Si Jingyu frowned and ignored the boy. 
While Li Shu turned to glare at him. 
Immediately, Mo Zhi fell silent. 
Li Shu sighed, looked at Si Jingyu and said, “I’m far behind you when it comes to bringing up kids.” 
Si Jingyu shook her head when she heard this and said, “Actually, it has to do with the family and not the individual.” 
Thinking back on those years, Shi Xun had actually been brought up away from home. But if it hadn’t been for the fact that she and her husband had stuck together, she believed that her two children wouldn’t have turned out this outstanding. 
Mo Zhi’s environment as he was growing up had shaped his flawed character. 
Li Shu nodded. 
As she was walking out, she heard Si Jingyu say in a low voice, “Li Shu, as your friend, I have to remind you. Although he is an illegitimate son, he did grow up in the Mo family. Don’t go overboard with some things.” 
Li Shu paused for a moment and looked at Si Jingyu. 
Then she nodded again.
###Chapter 1098: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (14) 
With Mo Zhi and Dad Mo, Li Shu got into the car. 
Just as they were about to drive away, Si Jingyu suddenly spoke, “Today is Yao Yao’s birthday. Some of the children have gone out together to have fun, Mo Xicheng is with them.” 
Li Shu halted when she heard these words. 
She turned around to look at Si Jingyu, pursed her lips and nodded. 
As the car drove away, Mo Zhi frowned and said, “Mom, Auntie Si Jingyu said just that they’ve gone out with friends to have fun. Those friends… was she referring to Si Mubei, Xiao Munan and the rest?” 
Zhuang Nainai and Si Zhengting had twin boys. 
The older one, Si Mubei, had inherited the Si family estate. 
Xiao Munan, on the other hand, had inherited his maternal grandmother’s flourishing family business. 
Both were huge enterprises, making them almost Beijing city’s rulers. 
Li Shu frowned upon hearing this. She turned, looked at him and said, “If I’m not mistaken, besides them, there should also be Su Penghao, Liu Zuojian and others.” 
Mo Zhi’s eyes lit up at once. 
“These are all well-known people of our generation! Especially Brother Munan. He’s like the leader of the pack. If you’re on good terms with him, you have nothing to fear in the business world.” 
Dad Mo smacked his son’s head at these words and said, “Did you only just realize this? Now do you know why I wanted you to marry the daughter of the Shi family? It’s not only the Shi family’s resources that we want, it’s also the Si family’s friends. Si Jingyu is Si Mubei and Xiao Munan’s aunt, and they’re probably on good terms with Shi Nianyao. If you can get into their circle, your future would be most promising.” 
By now, Mo Zhi was so envious and resentful that he had turned green. He looked at his father and demanded, “Dad, such unbelievably good resources, I have to be there.” 
Li Shu turned, stared at him icily and said, “And why would you go there? Just to be kicked out? The whole of Beijing is already aware that you’ve gone around slandering the daughter of the Shi family! Mo Zhi, you can forget about this marriage arrangement.” 
Mo Zhi immediately panicked and said, “Mom, how could you take sides with that mistress’ son? That little bastard and illegitimate son! Do you know that before this, when he had nothing, he was already stepping all over me? Now that he has all of these resources, he’ll surely try to fight me for the family business. Mom, can you bear to see me give the Mo family business to that illegitimate son?” 
“No way!” Dad Mo interjected before Li Shu could get a word in. “Our family business has to go to you! Only your mother’s child is my son. That boy is not my son!” 
Dad Mo was resolute, to Mo Zhi’s relief. 
Li Shu had fallen silent all of a sudden. 
Logic told her that Mo Zhi was right. 
She had to make the marriage happen somehow. Otherwise, Mo Zhi may lose his hold over the Mo family enterprise. 
If Shi Nianyao could potentially support him, perhaps Mo Xicheng may not immediately have intentions to fight Mo Zhi for the family business, but who could say this wouldn’t happen at some point in the future
But her emotions told her… She actually did hope that the boy found happiness. 
Honestly, she found her husband’s mistress Yao Lili to be annoying all the time. Even the thought of the woman having bore Dad Mo’s child infuriated her to no end. 
But whenever she saw Mo Xicheng and noticed the melancholy in his eyes, her heart would ache for him somewhat.
###Chapter 1099: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (15) 
Meanwhile Mo Xicheng was the subject of this talk between Mo Zhi and Li Shu, he was now being held back by Shi Nianyao at the Shi family residence. 
The party outside had ended, so Shi Nianyao got energized at once. 
As they opened the door to the private party venue, Mo Xicheng was stunned when he saw the people who had stayed after the party. 
Si Mubei, Lin Muxi, Xiao Munan, Ye Feifei, Su Penghao. 
All of these people were the notable figures of their generation. 
What more could be said about Si Mubei and Xiao Munan? They were already chairmen of their respective companies. 
Even Su Penghao, whose focus was on eSports, not only held a leading position in this aspect, he had also inherited his family business. 
All of these individuals had a significant position on their own. 
Even celebrities were respectful towards them. 
He hadn’t expected that he would actually be acquainted with this group of people. 
As he was contemplating this, Shi Nianyao dragged him into the room and before the presence of these people, exclaiming, “Hey, listen up, everyone! This is my idol and also my boyfriend! From now on, you guys have to look out for him, do you understand?” 
Si Mubei and Xiao Munan exchanged a glance and smiled helplessly. 
It was hard to tell the pair of identical twins apart. 
It was Su Penghao who cried out next, “Dang! Even you have a boyfriend now! And I don’t have a girlfriend yet.” 
Shi Nianyao shot back immediately, “What do you mean by that?” 
Su Penghao walked around her and came up to Mo Xicheng. He eyed the man up and down a few times, snorted coldly and said, “You with the surname Mo, I heard that you’re an illegitimate son of the Mo family?” 
Nianyao’s expression darkened at once when she heard this. She took a step forward and grabbed Su Penghao. “Su Penghao, do you have manners at all? If not, then you should just shut up!” 
Su Penghao twitched his mouth and said, “Why? Isn’t it a fact? Why can’t I say it?” 
Shi Nianyao was about to reply when Mo Xicheng suddenly took her hand. 
Shi Nianyao turned around with a quizzical expression. Then Mo Xicheng nodded at her and then stepped in front of her. 
He looked at Su Penghao for a moment and said, “That’s right.” 
There was no trace of inferiority in his behavior. 
Initially hoping for some entertainment, everyone’s expressions turned serious at once when they saw Mo Xicheng’s reaction. 
Su Penghao’s eyes flashed as he continued, “So what makes you good enough for our Nianyao?” 
Nianyao was livid by now. “Su Penghao, you stinking ill-mannered idiot, will you just shut up?!” 
After she had said this, however, she noticed that Mo Xicheng was unshaken and still looking back at Su Penghao calmly. “I know that my status is not glamorous, but I know too that from now on, I will not let Nianyao suffer the slightest grievance.” 
His words came like a promise that held significant weight. 
Shi Nianyao, who had wanted to hit Su Penghao initially, froze in mid-motion when she heard these words. 
She turned around and looked at Mo Xicheng in astonishment. 
But he stood there, looking back at her with the gentlest of expressions. 
Shi Nianyao felt a strange warmth flowing around her and she suddenly smiled. 
Such was the love they had for each other. 
No drama, full of bliss and sweetness. 
Shi Xun and Si Mubei were standing next to each other on the side of the room. 
They had been watching as observers when Su Penghao had started to create trouble, but right now Si Mubei turned towards Shi Xun suddenly and said, “This man is worthy of Nianyao.”
###Chapter 1100: So, She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend! (16) 
Shi Xun nodded. 
His ability to keep his cool and unwavering attitude, despite external pressure alone, were good enough indication of this man’s fine inner quality. 
Which had initially been a worrying problem had now been easily resolved. 
Su Penghao walked over and patted Mo Xicheng’s shoulder, saying, “Fine, you’re accepted, my brother! However, if you mistreat our Nianyao in future, don’t say you weren’t warned.” 
Mo Xicheng’s lips turned upwards into a smile and he nodded. 
Shi Nianyao gave Su Penghao a hard shove instead and retorted, “Hey, aren’t you supposed to play the national match soon? What are you doing here? Why aren’t you training?” 
Su Penghao put on a pitiful expression and said, “So now you’re avenging Mo Xicheng? I’m just testing him. Our little sister finally has a boyfriend, and we’re not allowed to ask some questions?” 
Shi Nianyao humphed coldly, but at the same time, she was like a lofty princess, tugging at Mo Xicheng and smiling very sweetly. 
That smile was radiant like the sun that lit up Mo Xicheng’s world. 
After a moment, Shi Xun walked up to the couple and said to Shi Nianyao, “Ye Feifei is looking for you.” 
Shi Nianyao was surprised. “Oh? Where? I’ll go look for her!” 
After Shi Nianyao had left, Mo Xicheng turned towards Shi Xun and said, “Mr. Shi, what advice would you have for me?” 
Shi Xun looked at the man for a short while and then asked, “What’s your opinion of the Mo family?” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and said, “I don’t wish to have anything to do with them.” 
The look in Shi Xun’s eyes deepened and he said, “And the Mo family’s assets—” 
“My mother is a mistress. The Mo family’s assets all should belong to Mo Zhi. I don’t want it and I have no wish to have it. Don’t worry, I’ve been saving up for all these years, I will not allow Nianyao to suffer.” 
Upon hearing this, Shi Xun looked at him in silence for some time. He finally laughed and said, “You have to remember, sometimes giving in doesn’t mean that your life will get better. On the contrary, people may take advantage.” 
Mo Xicheng frowned. 
Looking at him, Shi Xun asked, “So do you intend to keep giving in? And when does it stop?” 
“There’s a limit.” 
Shi Xun persisted, “What’s your limit?” 
“In the past, I didn’t know, but now I do.” 
Shi Xun smiled when he heard this and said, “I hope you keep your word. Before you sort out the internal affairs with your family, I will not agree to a wedding date.” 
Lowering his head, Mo Xicheng replied, “Neither will I make a wedding proposal prior to that.” 
His intention was to provide a clean slate and a peaceful start for her, a world without darkness. 
– 
He stayed with Shi Nianyao and her friends till after dinner and then headed home. 
On his way home, he received a call from Dad Mo. “Come home at once.” 
Upon hearing this, he paused and eventually turned around to go to the Mo family villa. 
He entered the villa upon arriving. 
The moment he walked in, a silhouette immediately flew towards him. 
Before he knew it, a vicious slap landed on his face. 
Bam. 
Mo Xicheng looked up with narrowed eyes and saw Yao Lili pointing at him, shouting, “Mo Xicheng, how dare you steal your brother’s fiancee?! You’re rotten to the core! You are to give up Ms. Shi and return her to your brother right away.”

###Chapter 1101: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (17) 
His face was tilted to the side from the slap, burning from the force of the hit. It was a familiar feeling by now. 
He had been hit by Yao Lili countless times ever since he had been a child. 
It wasn’t that he had never retaliated. 
When he was a child, he could not fight back when he was beaten. 
Eventually, he understood. 
When he went to junior high school, during the mid-semester examination, he felt that after so many years, he no longer wanted to be repeatedly suppressed. 
Hence, he had scored 60 for every one of his papers. 
It was easy to do badly, but tough to score exactly 60 for every subject. 
It was then that Dad Mo and Li Shu realized his academic capabilities. 
Hence when Mo Zhi came back gloating, Li Shu gave him an icy look. 
Dad Mo, on the other hand, said a few unkind words to Yao Lili. 
At the time, Yao Lili’s expression had soured immediately. The moment she got home, she gave Mo Xicheng a beating. 
He did not fight back, he only tried to dodge it. Looking at Yao Lili, he said, “I did nothing wrong!” 
Then he slung his backpack over his shoulder and ran out. 
At the time, he had wanted to run away from home. 
Leave this rotten family. 
He wandered along the streets alone with his backpack on his back. 
A young teenager facing a murky future, feeling lost. 
He lost track of time as he wandered around, until the next morning a car pulled up in front of him. 
Then the door swung open and Li Shu stepped out elegantly. 
In that instant, he was squatting in front of a shop that had not yet opened, curled into a ball and shivering. 
She cast her gaze on him from above. 
After a moment, she spoke, “Come with me.” 
From a young age, he had had a certain respect for Li Shu. Hence, he obediently got onto his feet. 
First she took him to have some bread for breakfast, and then they went to an orphanage in Beijing city. 
Looking at him, Li Shu asked, “Are you feeling sorry for yourself, sorry that life is bad?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
Pointing at the orphans in the building, Li Shu said, “Do you have any idea how many people in this world are worse off than you? They don’t know who their parents are, and no matter how much they wish to have a home, they can’t find one.” 
After these words, she looked at Mo Xicheng and said unhurriedly, “You’ve done nothing wrong, but your existence was the original sin. You cannot stand out more than Mo Zhi, because he is the eventual head of the Mo family. Your existence is a threat to him. If you feel wronged, then have you ever thought of Mo Zhi’s feelings?” 
“He was the only son of the Mo family, but you were your father’s mistake.” 
“And your mother… Perhaps you had never realized, but she hides your capabilities and talent because she wants to protect you.” 
Mo Xicheng paused and looked at Li Shu, not quite understanding her explanation. 
Li Shu continued unhurriedly, “Because if you become a threat to Mo Zhi, I will not let you grow up so comfortably.” 
Mo Xicheng was stunned. 
Even though her words were vicious, he didn’t feel the least bit afraid. 
At that time, he did not understand why Li Shu had said these things. 
But eventually he did. 
She was a woman who did things above the line. 
She had told him openly that he had to watch himself, because if he outshone her son, she would not let him off easily. 
This was actually the kindest thing she could have done.
###Chapter 1102: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (18) 
She had no wish to cross swords with him, hence she would rather forewarn him. 
At the time, Mo Xicheng hadn’t understood what all of this meant. 
He had only nodded. 
Eventually, Li Shu gave him a bank card and said, “Here’s a 100 000. It’s up to you whether you choose to return home or otherwise.” 
Then she turned and left. 
He stood there, holding the bank card in a daze. 
He didn’t know if he should go home or just leave. 
But later on, her car returned after a while. 
Li Shu got out and walked over to him. She reached out and put her hand on his shoulder, saying, “Your mother did not sleep a wink last night and she has been crying. She has placed all her hopes on you.” 
She left again after saying this. 
Mo Xicheng knew Li Shu had hoped that he would leave when she handed him the bank card. 
Because that would have been her ideal situation. 
However, it was cruel to the young boy. 
So her kindness compelled her to return. 
Who knew what could happen to a young teenager left adrift
Mo Xicheng eventually returned home. 
Yao Lili did really cry till her eyes were sore. When she saw him, she rushed up to hug him, hitting him and crying at the same time. 
After this episode, he had never retaliated again. 
– 
Yao Lili had a lot of pent-up anger that she had no outlet for. And being alone, she was quite pitiful. 
At this thought, he wiped the side of his face and straightened his posture. He looked at Yao Lili through his pair of melancholic eyes and then shifted his gaze to the others in the room. 
Dad Mo stood by the side, watching this with a cold attitude. 
There was glee in Mo Zhi’s eyes, but he was also obviously dissatisfied that Mo Xicheng had only been slapped once. 
Only Li Shu looked neutral. 
Mo Xicheng looked at her and felt a faint aching in his heart. 
He could sense the hopelessness and great disappointment in her. 
Was it because she had finally discovered her son’s true nature that she seemed so disappointed
As soon as the thought crossed his mind, he lowered his head and looked away. 
Gripping her son tightly, Yao Lili was already berating him in anger, “Say it, did you already know a long time ago that Shi Nianyao is the Shi family’s daughter, and you seduced her to get revenge on your brother?” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes at this accusing remark and looked up. 
Hence… 
Were they planning to use this excuse to persuade Shi Nianyao to give Mo Zhi a chance and remove him completely from the picture
If Shi Nianyao’s parents really did believe this excuse, they wouldn’t let him continue to see Nianyao for sure. 
Mo Xicheng’s expression turned deeply sorrowful. 
He looked at Yao Lili steadily and then shifted his gaze to Dad Mo. Finally, he said, “No.” 
“No? You are stubbornly denying it even now!” Yao Lili continued to berate him angrily, “Mo Xicheng, you give Shi Nianyao a call right now and clarify this to her! The marriage arrangement is between your brother and the Shi family! How could you develop such ill intentions?” 
At these words, she picked up the cell phone and said, “If you won’t tell her, I will! You’ve done something wrong and I will manage it! Tell me, what’s her phone number?” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent but Mo Zhi immediatly exclaimed, “I know! I know!” 
He told her the number. 
Mo Xicheng saw that Yao Lili was holding the cell phone and was about to dial. 
He felt his blood boil. In his seething anger, he took a step towards her and grabbed her wrist. Then he took the phone out of her hand, disconnected the line and smashed the device on the ground. 
Bam. 
It shattered into pieces.
###Chapter 1103: So, She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (19) 
Since childhood, he had been a docile person. This was the first time he retaliated so violently, and it shocked everyone present. 
Yao Lili was frightened out of her wits and started trembling, while Mo Zhi had retreated several steps to hide behind his father. iｎα. 
Looking at Mo Zhi, Li Shu’s expression of disappointment had grown even more obvious now. 
Looking grave and gloomy, Dad Mo raised his voice, “Mo Xicheng, what are you doing? You’re going to fight back?!” 
Mo Xicheng did not look at any one of them and stared only at the broken cell phone on the floor. He spoke unhurriedly, “Our family affairs have got nothing to do with Shi Nianyao.” 
Having said this, he lifted his gaze and gave a warning look at Yao Lili. After a pause, he curled his lips and continued, “If find out that you’ve called Nianyao’s family and spoken nonsense, don’t blame me for not respecting our mother-and-son relationship!” 
Yao Lili was now shaking with anger. Like a vixen, she took a step towards her son and said, “Mo Xicheng! What do you mean by that!?” 
“I’m telling you, I gave birth to you! I gave birth to you and brought you up. Is that how you demonstrate your filial piety? What can you do? Hit me?!” 
Mo Xicheng moved his lips and wanted to speak, but right at this point, a clear and crisp voice shouted, “Enough!” 
Everyone was stunned and looked up at Li Shu. 
She looked at them with exhaustion and pointed at the doorway. She simply said, “Get out.” 
Yao Lili frowned as resentment flashed across her eyes. Looking at Dad Mo, she saw that he was looking back at her and Mo Xicheng in fright, saying, “Why aren’t you getting out of here?! Get out! Get out! Get out!” 
Mo Zhi, on the other hand, started, “Mom, about Shi Nianyao’s matter—” 
“I said get out! All of you out!” 
Li Shu shouted, giving Mo Zhi a fright. 
He immediately fell silent, while Dad Mo took a step forward and said, “Li Shu, you—” 
“Get out!” 
Dad Mo could only step back and say hurriedly, “Ok, don’t be angry. I’ll leave. I’ll leave.” 
Everyone started to walk towards the door. As they approached the doorway, they heard Li Shu call out, “Mo Xicheng.” 
Mo Xicheng halted and turned his head around. 
He noticed that all of a sudden, she seemed to have aged ten years. 
Carrying that disappointment, she also seemed to be at a loss. 
She looked at him and reminded, “I hope you will always remember what you promised me.” 
He narrowed his eyes and said after a moment, “As long as it doesn’t cross the line, I will not leave the Mo family alone.” 
Li Shu nodded and then looked at Dad Mo and Mo Zhi, saying, “You will leave this matter right now!” 
Having said this, she ignored Mo Zhi and headed upstairs. 
– 
Walking out of the Mo family villa, Mo Xicheng got into his car at once and drove away, completely ignoring Yao Lili. 
Dad Mo’s gaze followed the car that had left so abruptly and gave a deep sigh. 
Mo Zhi, on the other hand, shot a look at Yao Lili. He gave her an eye signal and said, “Let me take you home.” 
Yao Lili immediately looked elated. 
Dad Mo wanted to stop him, but he had already started his car engine and Yao Lili had quickly scrambled into the vehicle. 
But as Dad Mo was also preoccupied with how to cheer Li Shu up, he did not bother too much about those two. 
The car was started, rolled down the driveway and left the Mo family villa. After it had traveled some distance, it pulled to a stop by the roadside. 
Mo Zhi turned around and looked at Yao Lili, who was in the front passenger seat. “You told me once that you are my real mother, but I never believed it. Now, this is your chance to prove your claim!” 
Yao Lili’s eyes immediately lit up.
###Chapter 1104: So She Is Mo Xicheng’s Girlfriend (20) 
Yao Lili’s eyes shone as she looked at Mo Zhi, “How can I prove it?” 
Mo Zhi eyed her steadily and said, “If you can help me ruin this wedding, and on top of that help me win Shi Nianyao, I’ll believe you. How about that?” 
Her eyes reddened at once. 
She teared up as she looked at Mo Zhi and said, “I’m really your mother, Mo Zhi. Why wouldn’t you believe me?” 
Mo Zhi twitched his mouth. 
Lowering her voice, Yao Lili revealed, “Back then, she gave birth a day earlier than me, and we were in the same hospital. I took the opportunity when no one was paying any attention to sneak in, and switched you and Mo Xicheng. Besides myself, no one else knows about this.” 
Frowning, Mo Zhi realized as he looked at her that she was being very serious, to the point that one could almost believe that she was telling the truth. 
Mo Zhi’s expression darkened as he said quickly, “If that is indeed true, then it’s best that you keep your mouth shut forever!” 
Immediately, Yao Lili sealed her lips and did not say another word. 
Looking at her still, Mo Zhi said, “Don’t you forget this. You’ve pretended for so many years, you must continue the act!” 
Yao Lili opened and shut her mouth like a carp. She was going to speak but when she saw Mo Zhi glaring at her, she quickly nodded. 
He sighed in relief. ? c?
As the son of Dad Mo, and having lived in this house for over twenty years, he knew very well that… 
Compared to Mo Xicheng, there was really nothing special about him. Nearly the only similarity they shared was their bloodline. 
Dad Mo loved Li Shu a lot. He had loved her for so many years, even now, in her old age. He was very willing to accommodate her and yield to her. He would try all ways to please her. 
The son that Dad Mo loved was not him at all. 
Because in his heart, the person he loved the most was Li Shu, and everyone else could be easily given up. 
He was already facing all sorts of crises in the company now. 
If he lost Dad Mo’s support, he would lose everything. 
– 
So much was happening in Beijing, but Qiao Lian was unaware in Suzhou. 
Except that now she was looking at a bouquet of flowers in a daze. 
When her memory had come back suddenly at Prince’s club, she had wanted to rush home and look for Shen Liangchuan. But unexpectedly, the moment she arrived at the Qiao family villa and got out of the taxi, Lu Nanze had appeared before her with a bouquet. 
She frowned and looked at him asking, “What’s this about?” 
Lu Nanze replied, “Qiao Lian, lilies used to be your favorite.” 
Then he placed the bouquet in her arms and at once held her wrist. “Haven’t you lost your memory? Let me take you somewhere. Perhaps when we get there, you will remember something.” 
He quickly opened the backseat door. 
Qiao Lian bit her lip with caution, recalling the things that the man had done before she had lost her memory. She felt a seething anger rising in her. 
As these thoughts crossed her mind, she saw Lu Nanze looking at her in a puzzled manner. “Why aren’t you getting in?” 
She looked at him steadily. 
After a moment, she got in. 
She could not let him discover that her memory had come back. 
She had to get in. 
Through the memories that had returned, she was quite sure from observing him that he would not harm her. 
Hence now, she was curious as to where he was taking her.
###Chapter 1105: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (1) 
The car moved slowly along the streets. 
Qiao Lian turned to look out of the window. e?. cm
For the eight years that she had been away, there had been rapid changes. 
Hence the places she used to know had become strange, although still familiar. 
Lu Nanze did not say where he was taking her, neither did she ask. She made a note of where they were and tried to relate it to the Suzhou she remembered, so that she had an idea of where they were headed. 
If she felt something amiss, she would call Shen Liangchuan or send him a message, so that he could come and rescue her. 
After the car went around a curve and Qiao Lian saw the spicy soup stall, her body stiffened at once. 
Upon noticing this, Lu Nanze asked, “What’s the matter? Do you remember something?” 
Qiao Lian quickly said, “No, I just find this place familiar.” 
It was certainly familiar, because beyond the stall, just straight ahead, was a high school. 
When she saw the signboard, she was stunned. 
This was her high school. 
As this thought came to her, Lu Nanze drove the car up to the school entrance and parked by the kerbside. He opened the car door and looked at her. “This is where we went to school. I’ve brought you here to walk down the memory lane.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
She followed Lu Nanze as he entered the school grounds. 
It felt like nothing in the school had changed. Except that where there used to be an empty piece of land, there were now a few blocks of hostels. 
There were lessons at the moment, so pleasant sounds of students reading could be heard coming from some of the classrooms. 
Qiao Lian found herself slightly distracted as she listened to the voices in unison. It felt like she was back in high school. 
She heard Lu Nanze reminiscing, “Qiao Lian, do you remember? Our small group used to sit together.” 
“You sat in the centre, I sat behind you and Sun Linan sat next to you on the same desk.” 
“At the time, we did well in school and were a loud bunch. Do you remember? We had to go to extracurricular sessions in the evenings, so all of us stayed in the hostel. It was the first time we stayed away from our parents and we felt so much freedom. But what we hadn’t expected was that it would be even stricter in school. We used to be able to go out and have fun after school, but when we started staying at the hostel, we couldn’t even step out of campus.” 
“Back then, you had a particular favorite cartoon that was released weekly. You had to watch it every Tuesday night. Hence, on that particular Tuesday night you had asked us to go to the internet cafe to pull an all-nighter.” 
“All of us walked out of the school gate boldly, except you. You jumped out of your hostel room window on the second floor.” 
As Lu Nanze spoke of this incident, they arrived at the hostel building where she had used to stay. 
He pointed up at a window on the second floor and said slowly, “You see that? That was your hostel room. I still remember when Sun Tzi and I were waiting for you downstairs, and we heard some movements. We looked up and saw you jumping out. At that moment my heart jumped into my throat, fearful that you’d fall. Later on, seeing that you were alive and kicking, standing there before me, I was so mad at you.” 
“Why were you so careless with yourself? Did you know how dangerous we thought it was as we saw you jump?” 
As Lu Nanze droned on, Qiao Lian fell into a daze.
###Chapter 1106: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant! (2) 
She remembered the details. They were clear as daylight in her mind. 
At the time, the cartoon’s latest episode had ended at a cliffhanger. Hence, she had kept thinking about it all day and when the evening study session came, she had wanted to get her friends to go and watch it with her. 
Her thinking then was that, even if they got caught, the school couldn’t do much if there was a big group of them. 
And if her parents interrogated her when she got home, she could use Sun Linan as a shield. 
But when night time came and the hostel lights went out, she still hadn’t managed to get out. She had tried all ways to persuade the auntie at the hostel, to no avail. In the end, she had decided to jump out of her hostel room window. 
After she escaped, she clearly remembered Lu Nanze’s expression, which changed immediately. 
And his temper had flared up too, strangely. 
At the time, she had felt that Lu Nanze was a prickly person to handle, but now she understood. He had lost his temper because… he was worried about her
Qiao Lian looked at him in astonishment. 
He took a step forward and continued, “That night, when we pulled an all-nighter, you kept rolling your eyes at me. Then the next day, when we were in class, you fell asleep. The teacher even called you to answer questions.” 
At this point, the corners of his lips turned up as he broke into a smile. 
Qiao Lian remembered that episode. 
She had stood her book upright and rested her chin on the desk behind it. Then she slept like a sloth. 
At some point, Sun Linan had poked her shoulder to wake her and whispered at the same time, “The teacher’s asking you. Hurry and answer the question, the answer is A!” 
Behind her, Lu Nanze said softly, “Select B!” 
Then on her other side, another classmate said, “The answer’s D.” 
After hearing the three of them, she rolled her eyes, stood up and said in her lovely and crisp voice, “Teacher, my answer’s C!” 
She couldn’t help gloating after giving her answer. 
She felt rather clever for having not fallen for their tricks. 
But the next moment, reality cut her like a knife. 
The teacher said, “Qiao Lian! This is a true or false question!” 
Dang. 
She could not help smiling at these memories. 
She shook her head slightly. 
Lu Nanze continued to lead her ahead, towards the field. He pointed at it and said in a low voice while looking at her, “I still remember in our third year…” 
Her pupils shrank immediately at those words. 
She remembered. 
They were in class when his butler suddenly dashed into the classroom. 
He asked to speak with the teacher outside. They didn’t know what the content of exchange had been, but when the teacher came back in, she said, “Lu Nanze, pack up your belongings and go home now.” 
At the time, he looked confused, but stood up and packed up. 
Envying for not having to be in class, she sent him an eye signal and glared at him. 
Then he left, following their butler. r. o
That week, Qiao Lian stayed in the hostel and did not return home. 
It was only five days later that Lu Nanze came back to school. 
However, he looked like his soul had been sucked out of him and he was like a zombie wandering around. 
He sat in his seat and did not speak a word to anyone around him. 
Later on, during their self-study session… 
She suddenly discovered that he had gone out by himself. 
She ran after him. 
In the end, she found him on the field. 
He had a bottle of beer in his hand and was crying hard as he drank. 
Back then, their group attended school under fake names. 
People around did not know their real identities and status.
###Chapter 1107: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (3) 
There were a few misbehaving students in the third year, and they often cut class to play in the field. 
They saw that Lu Nanze was good-looking and had some money, so they tried to bully him. 
By the time she ran there, they were already in a tussle. Because of a heated exchange, the group had started to hit Lu Nanze. 
He did not move. He squatted on the ground as he was being beaten. He didn’t even try to retaliate. 
Seeing this, she somehow found a surge of strength as she shrieked and charged at them. 
The girl used all the strength she had and single-handedly chased away all the students. n?ea. 
Eventually, looking at Lu Nanze who by then had fallen on the ground, she kicked him angrily and said, “You’re a guy. Don’t you know how to fight back when they hit you? Where has your pride gone? Aren’t you very clever? Why did you get beaten up like that?” 
As she berated him, she began to feel something amiss. 
She bent over and lowered herself to look at him. It was only then she realized that he was crying. 
His face was swollen and he was crying. 
Qiao Lian was shocked and asked, “Hey, what- what’s wrong? Don’t cry. Are you in pain? I’ll get them to come back here and we’ll fight them again.” 
As she spoke, he suddenly extended his arms and threw himself to her. 
Qiao Lian got angry at once and said, “Can you say something? Why are you doing this? Second Brother, you—” 
The next moment, he said in between sobs, “My mom… she killed herself.” 
She was shocked upon hearing these words and froze. 
When she took a proper look at him, she realized that he smelled of alcohol and he looked lost and disoriented. 
Beyond those words, he couldn’t bring himself to say anything else. 
The only thing she could do was to reach out and hold him, saying, “It’s going to be ok, it’s going to be ok.” 
Then, feeling his pain, she cried along with him. 
“At the time, you cried so pitifully that anyone who hadn’t known any better would have thought it was your mother who died. And after you started crying, I suddenly felt that there really was nothing to cry over. Then I just watched you. Qiao Lian, in that moment, do you know what I was thinking?” 
As Lu Nanze’s voice resonated in Qiao Lian’s ears, she felt herself being pulled back to the present. 
Lu Nanze continued, “I was thinking that since you had cried so much because of me, and had fought those kids for me, I should protect you for the rest of your life too, right?” 
At this point, he took a step forward and placed a hand on her shoulder saying, “Eventually we all grew up. Then I discovered I could no longer bear to be apart from you.” 
“Qiao Lian, you are the only girl I’ve ever loved, one and only in my heart and mind. I’d always thought that if we continued being together, we could get married after we graduated, did you know that? When we were in middle high school, I wanted to ask you which university you wanted to go to because I wanted to go to the same university. Then we could be together and never be apart.” 
After he said all of this, he moved his face close to hers, looked at her in the eyes and said, “Qiao Lian, can you really not remember this?” 
Remember all of this
Of course she did, clearly. 
In fact, many times she had wished that they never had to grow up. Wouldn’t that be so great
But reality was always cruel.
###Chapter 1108: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (4) 
Because his family wanted to acquire the Qiao family enterprise, they had caused her parents’ death. 
Furthermore, even after their deaths, there was no justice and they had to bear a sullied reputation. 
These thoughts drew Qiao Lian out of her memories and into the present. 
She quickly put up an act and put on a confused expression. Looking straight into Lu Nanze’s eyes, she said unhurriedly, “I can’t remember.” 
Lu Nanze looked a little disappointed and also glad at the same time. 
He said, “It’s ok if you can’t remember now. We can do it slowly. Maybe, we can leave all the past behind and start afresh from now on.” e?. ｏ
Start afresh. 
Qiao Lian’s expression darkened and, after a pause, she said, “Ok.” 
When Lu Nanze heard the “ok”, he was so elated that he almost jumped up in joy. 
That pair of demonic eyes lit up with hope, and that smile became full of charm and charisma. 
He reached out, took her hand and said, “Great, so let’s—” 
“Take me home.” 
Lu Nanze was taken aback. “You—” 
“Right now, I’m Shen Liangchuan’s wife.” Qiao Lian sighed and lowered her head. “Even if I were to leave him unfairly, I’d still have to sort out my relationship with him before I can be with you.” 
“Besides, I don’t even know who I like now. I have to think about it, whether I really like you, or Shen Liangchuan more?” 
Her baffled expression caught Lu Nanze completely off guard. 
He looked at her for a moment and said, “Ok, I’ll take you home.” 
The two of them walked away from that campus filled with memories and headed back to the Qiao family villa. 
Lu Nanze stopped the car at the entrance of the villa and quickly got out of the car. He circled to the other side and opened the door for Qiao Lian. 
As she got out of the car, he held the bouquet out before her and said, “Here, take this with you.” 
Qiao Lian looked at the bouquet and then shifted her gaze to him. 
He suddenly lowered his head and planted a quick kiss on her forehead. 
Qiao Lian was caught by surprise. 
He had acted too quickly, leaving her no chance to react. 
Then, like a cat that had stolen a fish, Lu Nanze got back into the car and drove away. 
Qiao Lian stood at the villa entrance and looked at the car disappearing into the distance. When the kiss replayed in her head, she immediately reached out and wiped her forehead forcefully. 
When she turned around, she realized that Shen Liangchuan was standing behind her with a most unreadable expression. 
Qiao Lian: …! 
She jumped in fright. 
She turned and looked back, pointing at Lu Nanze. Then shifted her gaze to Shen Liangchuan again and pointed at him. She stuttered, “I- he- you—” 
Before she could finish, Shen Liangchuan had grabbed her wrist. 
With a firm grip, he led her back into the Qiao family villa. 
By now, his expression was frighteningly gloomy. 
Pulling her along behind him, he headed upstairs and into the master bedroom. 
Shutting the door behind them, he turned around immediately and pressed her up against the door. 
She could feel his anger rising and tried to explain, “He- he took advantage when I wasn’t paying attention. I- I really— Oooh!!” 
The words following this never found their way out of her throat. 
With his large hand, he reached under her clothes in a flash, at the same time tugging her jacket off roughly. 
Sensing that he was like a desperate beast, Qiao Lian got worried. 
Finally, grabbing an opportunity, she shouted loudly, “Shen Liangchuan, I’m pregnant!”
###Chapter 1109: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (5) 
Those words were like a lightning bolt. Shen Liangchuan was shaken to the core at once. 
He halted and looked at Qiao Lian with a confused expression. He said after a pause, “What- what did you say?” 
Seeing his shocked expression, Qiao Lian bit her lip and took a deep breath before repeating, “I said I’m pregnant! You didn’t hear wrong.” 
Looking more confused than ever, he frowned. The first thing he did was look down reflexively at her abdomen. 
Then he asked, “How many months?” 
His expression was gloomy like storm clouds—his tone, frighteningly calm. 
His lack of reaction made it look as though he was asking something as casual as “have you had breakfast?” Qiao Lian was a little disappointed. 
She lowered her head and said slowly, “Two months.” 
Immediately, Shen Liangchuan grunted in acknowledgment. Gently holding her arm at once, he said, “Let me help you, would you like to sit for a bit?” 
Qiao Lian nodded, followed him to the sofa and took a seat. 
She saw that Shen Liangchuan was still standing there and staring fixedly at her abdomen. “Is this child a boy or a girl?” 
Qiao Lian replied, “It’s just two months old. You can’t tell.” 
Shen Liangchuan grunted in acknowledgment and asked further, “And are you feeling alright? Do you want to drink some sweetened water?” 
She replied, “I’m just pregnant, it’s not that I’m having my period. Why would I need to drink sweetened water?” 
“Oh! Right!” Shen Liangchuan nodded. “Then you should have… chicken soup. I’ll get someone to make you chicken soup right now!” 
Having said this, he walked out of the door. 
Thump! 
He had thrown the door open but hadn’t moved out of the way, so the door had hit him in the head when returning. 
He reached out to massage his head a little, without the slightest trace of embarrassment. He walked out again and said, “I just remembered there’s no chicken at home. I’ll go get one then… Oh, right, as well as carp and tofu soup.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
She noticed, to her amusement, that Shen Liangchuan seemed to have lost all his logic and looked like a clueless small child. She giggled uncontrollably. 
The truth was that he was actually excited. ?аd. 
It was only because he had a rather cold personality and suppressed his emotions, that it was hard to tell from his facial expression. But through his actions… 
She wasn’t even breastfeeding, yet he was talking about getting chicken soup, carp and tofu soup. It looked like he was quite overjoyed. 
Qiao Lian got to her feet and peered down at him from the second floor. 
She couldn’t hear what he was saying, but now he was busily making his way up again. 
He seemed to be in a daze still as he stood outside the door and said, looking at her, “Old Auntie Zhang said there’s no need to drink any soup at the moment, you just need to take good care of yourself. You shouldn’t try to take too many vitamins in the first few months.” 
Qiao Lian’s lips turned upwards into a smile. She tilted her head and looked at the big child before her. She asked, “And then what?” 
“So what do you feel like eating? Are you feeling nauseous? Tell me what you feel like eating and I’ll go and get it for you right away.” 
At these words, Qiao Lian had already taken a step towards him and gripped his arm, saying, “I’m not craving any food at the moment, so hurry up and get in here!” 
Her movement somehow made Shen Liangchuan jump. 
He suddenly held her arm and said, “You- you should move slowly. Come, let me help you sit on the bed.” 
Qiao Lian was both speechless and amused. 
She understood how he was feeling, hence she followed his lead as he carefully helped her onto the bed.
###Chapter 1110: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (6) 
Right after she sat down, Shen Liangchuan immediately looked around the room. Then he took a bolster and positioned it against her lower back. He straightened up and got a cushion. Walking back to her, she asked, “Is the bed too hard? Is it comfortable?” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She felt like a porcelain doll being handled with great care, as though she was extremely fragile. 
At once, this warmed her heart up. 
She continued to observe Shen Liangchuan. 
After so much had happened, she felt that perhaps it was really time to face some of life’s matters together as a couple. 
If she kept Shen Liangchuan in the dark and continued pretending that she didn’t remember anything so that she could get into Lu Nanze’s company, it would make her a terribly irresponsible mother. 
This child belonged to Shen Liangchuan too, and she needed to discuss the plan with him. 
But seeing that he was so concerned, she suddenly began to waver. 
Feigning memory loss and getting into Lu Nanze’s company to get the account book was perhaps the only opportunity she would ever have. ?n?а. ?m
On the other hand, this child… 
Thinking how not long ago she had fallen and injured her head, she was not in the best of health in the first place. The child was indeed at risk. 
Feeling desolate at this thought, she sat there looking at Shen Liangchuan steadily. 
When Shen Liangchuan turned and noticed her expression, his senses slowly came back to him. 
He looked back at her. 
After about ten minutes, he said, “Xiao Qiao.” 
Qiao Lian looked up at once. 
He asked her, “You… got your memory back?” 
Got her memory back
She bit her lip. 
Should she hide it from him and continue to pretend? Or should she tell him the truth
As she looked at him, she could see a feeling of happiness in his expression, as though he had lost and found something. 
Much like how she had felt when she first recalled everything. The first thing she had felt was that, taking everything into perspective, that matter regarding Soul Fighter was really not a very big deal. 
They had lost eight years and that was punishment enough where Soul Fighter’s matter was concerned. 
How many eight years would one have in life
They hadn’t done it on purpose, so… why were they so hard on themselves
What they needed to do was to treasure the present, treasure the person that was right before them. 
Biting her lip, she slowly nodded. 
At her nod, Shen Liangchuan was overcome by emotion and lunged forward, gripping her arm. His grip was strong, as if afraid of losing something, and his eyes were fixed on her. “Xiao Qiao, you—” 
Halfway through speaking, he remembered she was pregnant and quickly let go of her arms. “But do you feel uncomfortable? Does your head hurt? Or anything? Do we need to take you to the hospital for a check-up?” 
Having said this, he quickly swept her up in his arms and said, “I’ll take you to the doctor. We’ll find out if your memory’s back only temporarily or if it’s come back for good.” 
Qiao Lian saw that he was about to carry her out of the bedroom and quickly grabbed his hand, saying, “Shen Liangchuan, let’s not go to the hospital first. Listen to me!” 
Shen Liangchuan halted. When he lowered his head, he saw that she was looking back at him with a serious expression. 
He frowned. Coming back to his senses, he put her back down and said, “What’s the matter?” 
She bit her lip and told him what she had found out about her parents. Then she asked him, “I wish to continue pretending that I don’t remember. I can get close to him and then try to find that account book. Will you agree to that?”
###Chapter 1111: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (7) 
Holding her breath, she looked intently at his expression after saying this. 
She was afraid that he would to it. 
As expected, he frowned as his gaze traveled to her abdomen. “What if, in doing this, you end up in danger?” 
Biting her lip, Qiao Lian kept silent. 
A feeling of disappointment welled up inside. 
Indeed, Shen Liangchuan would not agree to let her take the risk. 
“The child is only two months old, it’s at its most fragile stage. Many miscarriages take place in the first trimester.” 
Qiao Lian hung her head and looked at her abdomen. 
Yes. 
The child was fragile, she must not compromise her own child’s health. 
As she contemplated this, she heard Shen Liangchuan continue, “And you, you’re being so close to him. If you do manage to get your hands on the account book and he finds out after that, what will happen if he flies into a rage? Have you thought about how you’re going to resolve all of this?” 
Qiao Lian sighed deeply. 
She had thought of all these possibilities, but she had no idea how she was going to resolve them. 
She hung her head and bit her lip, saying, “I understand. I won’t risk the child.” 
“Hence, we have to draw up a detailed plan.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and said, “Ok, I understand, I’ll not- What did you just say?” 
She looked up with a jerk of her head and stared at Shen Liangchuan in disbelief. But his expression was calm and steady. His dark eyes were fixed on her as he said slowly, “How to get close to him, how to get into his office without arousing suspicion, how to get that account book—all of this must be based on a reasonable plan. Qiao Lian, we can’t just use brute force without logic. We have to use this to achieve our ives.” 
He tapped his head with a finger. 
When she heard these words, her eyes welled up with tears at once as she looked at Shen Liangchuan in astonishment. “You- you agree to me getting close to Lu Nanze?” 
He nodded and replied, “Yes, I agree, but you have to promise me one thing.” 
“What is it?” 
“No matter what, you have to protect yourself.” 
Qiao Lian started crying at once. “Shen Liangchuan!” 
Shen Liangchuan was taken aback by her reaction and hurriedly took a step forward. Putting his arms around her shoulders, he asked, “Why are you crying?” 
“Shen Liangchuan, you’re so nice to me.” n?.＆nbsp;
Qiao Lian murmured these words. 
Shen Liangchuan couldn’t help but laugh at her. “You’re saying I’m nice to you because I agreed. But if I hadn’t agreed, would that mean I’m not being nice to you?” 
Qiao Lian shook her head and said, “No, that’s not what I meant. I was saying—” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at her, waiting for her explanation. 
But the next moment, all she said was, “I love you.” 
He froze when he heard those three plain words and even started to look slightly awkward. 
Clearing his throat, he said, “Ok, I know.” 
He got to his feet and lightly rubbed her head affectionately, saying, “Wait here for a bit.” 
She nodded. 
He left the room and went into the study. 
After half an hour, he came back to the bedroom and walked up to Qiao Lian holding out a piece of paper to her. “This is the detailed plan I’ve drafted for now. It needs refining. But what we need to do first is ensure that you are in good health. I’ve called the family physician and he will fly from Beijing tonight. He’ll be here early tomorrow morning to give you a check-up.”
###Chapter 1112: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (8) 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan continued with the second point, “Secondly, we have to think about how to get you access to Lu Nanze’s office without arousing his suspicion. This is actually quite simple, because you are in fact their employee.” 
Qiao Lian was taken aback by his remark. She looked up at once and asked, “Why did you say that?” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “The ESports app belongs to their company.” 
Qiao Lian widened her eyes. 
“And thirdly…” 
– 
Early next morning, the family physician arrived at the Qiao family villa. 
After performing a complete check-up, the doctor suggested, “Because Ms. Qiao injured her head, there has been some bleeding. Now she needs to rest more as she lost a lot of blood. Still, the child is very healthy, the heart and organs are functioning normally.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and followed with a question, “The heart?” 
The doctor nodded and replied, “You can hear the baby’s heart now.” 
Shen Liangchuan looked delighted at once and asked, “May I have a listen?” 
The doctor laughed and said, “Of course you may.” 
Then, he placed the ultrasound scanner on Qiao Lian’s abdomen and located the baby’s heart. 
Immediately, the rapid and rather weak heartbeat could be heard. 
The heart rate was very fast, to the extent that Shen Liangchuan’s looked alarmed as he said, “I counted and it seems like it’s beating over 150 beats per minute. Isn’t this a problem?” 
The doctor shook his head and said, “The child is still small, this is normal.” 
At this explanation, he was relieved. 
Qiao Lian lay on the bed and listened to the conversation between the two men, as her gaze fell on her stomach. 
As she listened to the heartbeat amplified by the equipment, she was amazed. And it was in this moment that she finally felt that there was a life growing inside of her. 
A sense of higher purpose took root deep within her, making her determined to protect this child no matter what. 
She took in a deep breath and saw that Shen Liangchuan’s expression had become serious as well. 
They were new parents and right now, they felt a sort of excitement that they had never felt before. 
They didn’t even dare to breathe loudly, for fear that they would alarm this tiny, fragile life. 
After the doctor had removed the equipment from the room and it was quiet again, the couple sighed in obvious relief. 
When the doctor noticed this, he laughed. 
Then he packed up and left the room. 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan exchanged a look and both their gazes fell on her stomach. 
It was still very flat. Her pale skin was smooth and fine in texture, full of elasticity. 
He placed his large hand over it and asked, “Does he feel squished in there?” 
Qiao Lian suddenly burst out laughing at the ignorant question. 
She shook her head and said, “Shen Liangchuan, did you switch identities with someone else? Please return my husband to me.” 
Shen Liangchuan was stumped. 
He cleared his throat and got to his feet. 
At the same time, Qiao Lian pulled her shirt back down. 
Shen Liangchuan remarked, “The doctor just said that for now you’re physically fine. Besides…” 
At this point, he lowered his head and continued, “I don’t think he’ll try to harm this child anymore.” 
Initially, Qiao Lian had injured her head and been operated. 
If Lu Nanze had wanted to destroy the child, it would have been very easy after she lost consciousness. 
But in the last minute, he had given up the idea. 
Shen Liangchuan believed that it was because Lu Nanze eventually hadn’t dared to. He couldn’t bear it and wasn’t willing.
###Chapter 1113: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (9) 
In the past, his attitude towards Qiao Lian had been possessive but now… 
As this thought crossed his mind, he heard Senior Auntie Zhang calling from downstairs, “Miss, Mr. Lu is here!” 
Lu Nanze was here
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and immediately looked at Shen Liangchuan nervously. 
He cast his gaze down, stood up after a pause and said, “You take a good rest, I’ll go downstairs to meet him.” 
Qiao Lian paused. “But—” 
“It’s ok. Just wait here.” 
She nodded, biting her lip. 
Shen Liangchuan started to walk towards the door. 
However at the doorway, he suddenly lowered his head and looked at what he was wearing. 
He turned around, glanced at Qiao Lian and cleared his throat. He walked back into the changing room. 
After a while, Qiao Lian saw him reemerge wearing a black shirt. 
The black shirt made him look even more charming and imposing. 
But he suddenly halted again as he was at the doorway. Then he reached up to undo another button on the collar so that he looked more casual. After doing this, he headed downstairs. 
Qiao Lian was highly amused. 
She almost laughed till her sides split. 
She could almost hear him cursing and swearing inside. 
For sure, he was trying to look good in front of Lu Nanze, hence he wanted to wear something smart. But on the other hand, he felt that dressing up to meet Lu Nanze was giving that man too much respect, hence he had to pretend he really couldn’t be bothered. 
How was it that she had never realized he could be this adorable
But downstairs… 
– 
Downstairs. 
Lu Nanze sat on the sofa in the living room, surveying every corner of the house. He thought of the time eight years ago when he bought this house and restored it to its original condition. He had spent a fortune just so that some day, he could live here with Qiao Lian. 
But he had not expected a situation like now. Qiao Lian had come back to stay, but in the house, there was this other annoying man. 
As this thought crossed his mind, he heard a noise coming from upstairs. He immediately looked up. Shen Liangchuan opened the room door and made his way down. 
The moment he saw the man, Lu Nanze’s smile grew broader. 
His gaze fell on the black shirt Shen Liangchuan had picked and his eyes narrowed. 
One had to say that Shen Liangchuan fully deserved the title of Best Actor. His features were so perfect one couldn’t pick a single flaw in them. 
The black shirt only served to heighten that air of mystery he exuded. 
But Lu Nanze wasn’t dressed too poorly today either. 
In a dark gray suit, he looked both formal and languid at the same time. 
There was a reckless and devilish charm in his smile, he projected a sense of wild beauty. 
Even just sitting there casually, there was a naturally imposing manner about him. 
Both men had their own unique traits and strengths. 
Side by side, they were on par with each other. 
Narrowing his eyes, Lu Nanze lifted his gaze and looked at the second floor, asking, “Where’s Qiao Lian?” 
Shen Liangchuan said right away, “She’s still sleeping. What brings Mr. Lu here looking for my wife?” 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down when he heard his stern tone and replied, “I’m here looking for Qiao Lian, not Mr. Shen.” 
“She’s sleeping, it’s not convenient for her to be down here. But I do have a few things to say to you,” Shen Liangchuan spoke clearly and calmly. 
His tone could send chills down one’s spine. 
However, Lu Nanze replied with an icy laugh, “Pity, I’m only interested in Qiao Lian, not so much in Mr. Shen.” 
At these words, the tension in the living room suddenly thickened, as though both men were sitting at the edge of their seats with their daggers drawn.
###Chapter 1114: Shen Liangchuan, I’m Pregnant (10) 
Besides Auntie Li, there were a few other housekeepers in the villa. 
The housekeeper who had made tea was about to serve the drinks. Yet for some inexplicable reason, she froze at the kitchen entrance, not daring to take another step into the living room. 
They all craned their necks and peered at the two men on the sofa, holding their breaths. 
Lu Nanze didn’t bother to be cordial with his words. 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes and started, “Don’t worry, Mr. Lu. You can rest assured that I’m even less interested than you are. But there are some things I have to say.” 
With a cold snort, Lu Nanze replied, “Make it quick then.” 
Looking at the man, Shen Liangchuan said, “I once heard a story. Someone saw Buddha and asked the difference between like and love.” 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank immediately at these words. “Go ahead.” 
Shen Liangchuan continued slowly, “Buddha pointed at a boy in the courtyard, who had developed a liking for a particular flower. The more he looked at it, the more obsessed he became. Then, unable to stop himself, he reached out to pluck it and hid it in his pocket. Buddha said, ‘This is what ‘like’ is.’ The person went on to ask, ‘What about love?’” 
“Buddha pointed at another boy. This boy watered the plant, made sure it had fertilizer and checked the earth around the plant, under the hot sun each day. To ensure the plant didn’t get burnt by the sun, he even shielded it from the sun with his own shadow, till at last the flower bloomed radiantly. This is love.” 
After Shen Liangchuan said this, Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
Clenching his fists, he suddenly laughed mockingly and asked, “So would you say you like or love her?” 
Shen Liangchuan did not answer. 
Lu Nanze continued, “No one can judge another person’s feelings. It’s the same for you and me. Shen Liangchuan, there is no certainty whom Qiao Lian likes or wishes to be with. If you love her, then you should let her go.” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes at this thought and said calmly, “Do you think that you were just that little bit too late and that’s why you lost her?” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan laughed coldly and cast his gaze down. He then said after a pause, “How about we lay a bet?” 
Narrowing his eyes, Lu Nanze said, ”What sort of bet?” 
“In one month from now, let’s ask her who she wishes to be with. If her memory has not returned and she chooses to be with you, then I will bow out.” 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back at once at that suggestion. He looked at Shen Liangchuan in disbelief and asked, “Are you being serious?” 
With narrowed eyes, Shen Liangchuan nodded and said, “I’m serious.” 
Lu Nanze asked immediately, “What makes you so confident?” 
The corners of Shen Liangchuan’s lips turned upwards and a proud smile broke across his face, as he said, “Because there is love between us. Lu Nanze, she has lost her memory now and we’re all back to square one. Even if I gave you a chance, you won’t win her heart.” 
Shen Liangchuan got to his feet and faced Lu Nanze. “Because what happened in the past was real. She is the wife of Shen Liangchuan.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. “You see each other every day and night. Of course you have an advantage over me!” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at the other man like he was an idiot and went back upstairs. 
That look clearly said that he, Shen Liangchuan, was no fool. Why would he push his wife towards someone else
Lu Nanze frowned deeply. 
Right now, Qiao Lian felt that she should not be unfair to Shen Liangchuan. But if they were to spend all their time together, surely she would fall in love with him all over again at some point. She had to find a way to keep them apart.
###Chapter 1115: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (1) 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes at this thought. Then he lifted his gaze and looked upstairs. 
This was the Qiao family’s home, although the property belonged to him. 
But Shen Liangchuan acted like the master of the house, deciding whether he could stay or leave. 
He had had quite enough of Shen Liangchuan’s attitude whenever he came to look for Qiao Lian. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and turned to leave after a moment. 
– 
Upstairs, when Qiao Lian saw that Shen Liangchuan had returned to the room, her eyes searched behind him. 
She was surprised that he had returned so quickly with no drama. 
Shen Liangchuan walked up to her and sat down in front, saying, “If my prediction is correct, he should be contacting you very soon, to ask you to return to work.” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back as she stared at Shen Liangchuan. After a pause, she nodded. 
He placed his hands on her shoulders and said to her, “During this time, you have to ensure your own safety.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll work hard at keeping myself safe.” 
Shen Liangchuan kept silent. 
He seemed to have lost the decisiveness he had had when he agreed to it. 
He looked at her intently and suddenly started, “Xiao Qiao.” 
“Yes?” 
Hesitating for a while, he finally said slowly, “You and he were on such good terms in the past, you were close. What I’m saying is…. If nothing had happened to your parents, perhaps this whole matter would have had nothing to do with him, so you and he…” 
The normally cool and great Best Actor, who had never had trouble delivering his lines, was now stammering and not making sense with his words. Qiao Lian looked at him with a confused expression. 
As she listened, she finally understood and widened her eyes at once 
Looking at Shen Liangchuan, she said, “What are you saying? I’ve always treated him like a buddy. Besides, the way he treats me, that isn’t liking me and it isn’t love either. It’s just a sort of… How can you say it? You know… When he was younger, he had a strange temperament and I was his only friend. I think I’m just a habit for him, an obsession. If he really liked me, how could he have that sort of relationship with Qiao Yiyi? Hence, you don’t have to worry! He and I… There’s no possibility.” 
After hearing these words, Shen Liangchuan looked at Qiao Lian and opened his mouth as though he wanted to say something. 
He wanted to say that if Lu Nanze didn’t like her, he wouldn’t have let her keep the child. 
But as these words came up, he found himself unable to utter them. 
Why should he speak up for his love rival
That would be inane. 
He had to admit it, he was agitated by Lu Nanze. 
This man had grown up together with her, like a childhood lover. He made Shen Liangchuan feel like he had missed out on eighteen years of Xiao Qiao’s life. 
But it was he and Xiao Qiao who were fated to be together, wasn’t it so
At this thought, Shen Liangchuan said, “Yes, I do believe you.” 
Qiao Lian looked at him and grinned. “Haha, why do I feel like you’re getting a little uptight about me? But with a beautiful woman like me, you should be uptight! Hahaha.” 
Shen Liangchuan looked serious at once when she said these words. 
She froze immediately as her laughter ended abruptly. Shen Liangchuan said, “That’s right. It gets me really uptight, thinking that I’m about to send you into the lion’s lair.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
As they were speaking, Qiao Lian’s cell phone rang.
###Chapter 1116: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (2) 
She picked up the call and a voice came over the line, “How are you, Ms. Qiao? This is the ESports App Company. So, in the past, all of our contracted female casters worked remotely. Now our company requires that all our employees have to come to the office to work. Also, the office has moved to the headquarters. This would mean that from tomorrow, you’ll have to come to the headquarters to work. Would that be okay?” 
Qiao Lian was astonished. 
Her eyes lit up at once and she looked at Shen Liangchuan, smiling broadly. “Yes, sure.” 
“Good, in this case I’ll send you the address in a bit. Ms. Qiao, please report to the headquarters at 9 a.m. sharp tomorrow.” 
“No problem.” 
After she hung up, Qiao Lian sprang up from her seat and exclaimed, “Shen Liangchuan, what did you tell Lu Nanze? How is it that I’ve suddenly been asked to go to the headquarters to work?” 
He frowned and reached out to support her, saying, “You have to be careful when you get up, you’re pregnant! Don’t be so rash and careless in everything you do.” 
She stuck her tongue out at him and said, “Shen Liangchuan, you used to be a man of few words, but now you’re like a naggy old lady.” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Qiao Lian laughed aloud after she said this. 
– 
The following morning, Qiao Lian was ready by 8 a.m. and left the house on time. 
Shen Liangchuan, who was sitting on the sofa, had mixed feelings as he watched her change her shoes. 
Carrying her bag, she was full of fighting spirit as she took a deep breath. She turned around and gave him as relaxed a smile as she could manage. “I’m off to work!” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and specially reminded her, “Be careful, watch out for your own safety.” 
Qiao Lian made an OK gesture, opened the front door and left the house. 
The moment the door shut behind her, the relaxed expression on Shen Liangchuan’s face vanished at once. 
He picked up his cell phone and dialed Song Cheng’s number. “Have you found the person?” 
Song Cheng replied hurriedly, “The guy was decommissioned from the special forces, he used to be a top-grade soldier and is extremely nimble. I even had three bodyguards fight him and he put them down very easily. He is certainly adequate to protect Sister Qiao.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and said, “Ok, get a few more bodyguards and plant them around her in disguise.” 
“Ok.” 
Still, Shen Liangchuan wasn’t satisfied and added, “I want to know everything that happens to her without the single tiniest detail left out.” 
“Roger.” 
“And where Beijing is concerned, we’ll manage by teleconferencing. I won’t be going back just yet.” 
Song Cheng sounded nervous at once and said, “Brother Shen, you’ve just taken over the company’s business. If you remain in Suzhou, people will gossip and it’ll benefit Shen Xiu. If they come around to create trouble—” 
“That’s all.” Shen Liangchuan refused to listen further to what Song Cheng was saying. 
“Understood.” 
After he hung up, Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and tried to suppress his nervousness. ?α. o
He was nowhere near as relaxed and confident as he looked. That was his wife and that was his child. Even though he felt that Lu Nanze would not harm them, he was still worried. 
Holding his cell phone, he paced up and down restlessly. 
– 
Qiao Lian turned around and looked at the villa after she walked through the front door. 
Then she took another deep breath. 
Trying to suppress her own nervousness, she turned around again. But just as she stepped out of the villa compound, she saw that Lu Nanze was by the street, standing next to his car and waiting for her.
###Chapter 1117: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (3) 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back in a flash, as she did her best to look relaxed. Taking a step forward, she said to Lu Nanze, “Why are you here?” 
Smiling at her, he said, “To take you to work.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. “What?” 
“Hop in.” As he spoke, he opened the door to the front passenger seat and signaled her to get in. 
She looked at Lu Nanze, cleared her throat and said, “Do you know where my office is?” 
Since she was putting on an act, she thought she would go all the way. 
After all, she was someone who had lost her memory. 
Lu Nanze continued to look at her with a grin on his face and said, “I do know. Get in.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and got into the car. 
They drove away. 
After their car took the turn ahead, a nondescript black Volkswagen started driving and followed them. 
Half an hour later, they arrived at Lu Nanze’s office. 
As she got out of the car, Qiao Lian looked up at the imposing high-rise building before her and narrowed her eyes. 
It wasn’t her first time here. 
Eight years ago, they had often gone to each other’s family offices for fun. 
She remembered coming here when she was younger. At that time, this had just been a shabby five-story building. 
She couldn’t have imagined that after eight years, in its place would be this splendid building that looked about thirty or forty stories high. 
Just like the Lu family enterprise. They had grown from being a medium-sized enterprise back then to become leaders of the industry today. 
But these changes had taken place only after the Qiao family’s building project came to that tragic end. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and tightened her fists at once. 
In other words, it was possible that it was on her parents’ hard-earned fortune that the Lu family had built their properties. 
As she stood there, lost in her thoughts, she suddenly felt someone touch her arm. She immediately snapped out of her dazed state and turned around. Lu Nanze was looking at her. “What’s wrong?” 
Qiao Lian shook her head immediately. Seeing the puzzled expression on his face, she feigned an innocent look and said, “I’m not sure why, there’s something familiar when I look at this place, but at the same time it’s foreign to me. What’s going on?” 
Lu Nanze sighed in relief at those words. He pointed at the building and said unhurriedly, “This is my family’s office building. When we were young, we often sneaked out here together to play in the office.” 
Qiao Lian looked at him and found herself suddenly asking instinctively, “Then what about my family’s office building?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
Qiao Lian continued, “You said that you were my childhood sweetheart. Your family had a business, hence I guess my family must have had a flourishing business too. Tell me about it.” 
She had put on a very innocent look but at this remark, the smile on Lu Nanze’s face froze. 
Tell her about her family
How was he going to answer this question
He fixed his gaze ahead, not daring to look into her eyes. 
He said unhurriedly, “Your family… The building they were building collapsed and that had caused your family to go bankrupt.” 
Qiao Lian tilted her head and probed, “How could a building just collapse for no reason? And my parents? How did they die?” 
This matter had been released to the press at the time, there was no way he could lie about it. 
He started, “There was an accidental fire in your house and they both died.” 
She continued to ask, “Were my parents evil people?” 
Lu Nanze found himself at a loss for words. 
Of course they hadn’t been. 
They had almost been the most honest businessmen in all of Suzhou! 
He had only looked into their account books from that time, after becoming in charge of the Lu family business.
###Chapter 1118: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (4) 
He had found out that her family had been doing charity work in silence all along. They had actually donated to five primary schools. 
But the Qiao family had never used this for publicity. 
They were true philanthropists. 
A family like that should have never suffered such a tragic end. 
But he couldn’t bring himself to say these things to her. 
Because he didn’t know how to explain it to her. 
He couldn’t just tell her that his family had caused the death of her parents. 
He felt a dull ache in his heart as he thought of these things. 
It was because of that tragedy that Qiao Lian had left Suzhou, left him. 
If that whole matter had not happened, perhaps now he and Qiao Lian would have married, have a healthy and happy kid. They could have been the most envied couple in Suzhou, perhaps. 
But now… she was married to someone else. 
And he was just here. 
No, he didn’t want to think about it anymore. 
Every time he thought of the eight years he had waited in loneliness, he panicked. 
He grabbed Qiao Lian’s wrist tightly, as though he was afraid that she would suddenly leave. And then it would be for another eight years. 
After these thoughts had flashed through his mind, his expression became more determined. 
Even the heavens couldn’t bear to see it continue, so they had given him a chance for a new start. He had to treasure the opportunity. i?r． o
So he took her lightly by her shoulders and said to her with certainty, “No, your parents were good people. But in any company, there are always people who cause trouble. What happened at that time, no one can say for sure. Alright, let’s not talk about these things. Let’s go in and start work.” 
Qiao Lian nodded, as though she hadn’t fully understood. 
But as she cast her gaze down, mockery flashed across her eyes. 
At the same time she looked away, Lu Nanze sighed deeply in relief. 
As they entered the office, the staff around them stood up immediately and said in a respectful tone, “Mr. Lu, you’re here!” 
Lu Nanze nodded. Pointing at the staff, he said to Qiao Lian, “Qiao Lian, I’m your boss and from now on, this is your office.” 
Qiao Lian’s eyes lit up at once and asked, “So can I feel free to walk around?” 
He nodded and replied, “Sure.” 
She looked around happily and said, “You are really clever to be managing such a big office by yourself. But can everyone in the office just walk around as they please?” 
When he heard this, he led her to the reception desk. 
The receptionist immediately handed him a card. 
He held the card out to her and said, “This is the card to my penthouse and you have access to all departments of the office. I have to go to a meeting later on. I’ll get someone to show you around and take you to the Entertainment Department, where the female casters are.” 
Qiao Lian nodded immediately. 
Lu Nanze reached out to touch her head. 
Qiao Lian took a step back and looked at him guardedly. 
His hand froze in mid-air for a moment before he drew his arm back. He looked at the head of Human Resources, who had just rushed over after being informed, and said, “Show Ms. Qiao around. After that, take her to the casters and introduce her.” 
The head of Human Resources was a lady in her 40s. She was extremely capable and experienced. 
Analyzing Lu Nanze’s body language, she knew at once that Ms. Qiao wasn’t an ordinary staff member. At once, she said respectfully, “Yes, Mr. Lu. I will ensure Ms. Qiao feels very at home.”
###Chapter 1119: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (5) 
Making her feel at home. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and clarified, “She’s not just a guest, remember that. Ms. Qiao is not a guest, she’s the lady boss around here.” 
The head of Human Resources immediately looked up when she heard these words and stared at Qiao Lian in astonishment. 
She gulped, nodded in shock and replied, “Yes, Mr. Lu. I’ll remember that!” 
Lu Nanze nodded satisfactorily. He turned around and glanced at Qiao Lian with a devilish smile on his face. With his hands stuck into his pockets, he exuded an evil charm as he walked languidly towards the director’s elevator. 
After Lu Nanze had left, the head of Human Resources looked at Qiao Lian and asked, “Ms. Qiao, what would you like to do now? I’ll take you! You can visit any part of the office.” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
She smiled awkwardly and nodded at the woman. 
Then she looked at the access card in her hand. 
Although this card would give her access to all locations, perhaps even including the penthouse, as a new employee, if she tried to go up, she would surely be stopped by the surveillance team before she got there. 
As much as she wanted to get her hands on the account book, being too rash wouldn’t help her achieve her ive. 
She decided to hold back. 
Hence, looking back at the head of Human Resources, she said, “Let’s go and meet the casters.” 
After they had walked away, the girls at the reception immediately gathered around. 
They huddled together and whispered to each other, “Did you see that? Big boss just said she’s the lady boss! Is that the future Mrs. Lu?” 
“Holy moley, what sort of background does this woman have, to actually conquer our big boss the moment she appears?!” 
“I heard she’s a female caster, that Love Chuan!” 
“Ah, no wonder the company allocated almost all resources to her when she became a caster. So this is the reason! It’s easy to get benefits when one is pretty.” 
“What do you know? ” An older staff member said, “That is the daughter of the Qiao family! She and Mr. Lu were childhood sweethearts, they grew up together.” 
“What? Really? They were actually childhood sweethearts? Ahhhhh! Tell me more!” 
“…” 
At once, the famous personality Qiao Lian became a legend before everyone had even met her. 
– 
Noon time. 
In the management meeting room. 
Normally during this hour, the workaholic Lu Nanze would continue working and skip lunch if he hadn’t gotten through his work. 
But today, he behaved differently. Interrupting the person on the phone, he got to his feet and said, “It’s lunch time. Whatever it is, we’ll talk in the afternoon.” 
Everyone was flabbergasted. 
Even after he had left the office, the people sat there looking at each other in dismay. 
Someone asked, “What’s the matter with him?” 
“I heard that our Mr. Lu brought a girl to the office. Word even has it that she might be the new lady boss So has he gone off to have lunch with his woman?” 
At these words, everyone started laughing. 
“Indeed, once the man has a family, everything changes! See? His heart aches for his wife. And our lives will be better because of it.” 
“That’s right! We don’t have to starve from now on. But that can’t be right. Isn’t director Lu involved in some kind of relationship with Qiao Yiyi? This—” 
“What do you know? If Director Lu really liked that Qiao Yiyi, he’d have married her by now and not leave her hanging. When have you ever seen Director Lu interrupt a meeting for Qiao Yiyi?” 
“Well, if that is the case, then this time round it’s for real.”
###Chapter 1120: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (6) 
While everyone was gossiping about her, Qiao Lian was sitting in the casters’ office. The office was spacious and, as her eyes roamed around and took in the details of her surroundings, she ate from a mixed fruit platter from the pantry. 
Because the eSports App Company had been relocated to the headquarters, everyone was busy with the move. 
Of course, being pregnant, Qiao Lian could not do any heavy lifting so she sat on the sofa looking at the people. 
A few of the other female casters who had been asked to come into the headquarters to work were now sitting on the sofa with a look of displeasure on their faces. 
They were discussing among themselves. 
“What’s with this? Suddenly I have to clock in at the office. We are female casters, this is so inconvenient.” 
“Indeed. I’m not even fully awake yet, this is tiring!” 
“Alright, here’s some gossip! Let me tell you guys, do you know Love Chuan’s identity?” 
Qiao Lian started listening upon hearing her name. 
Then she heard the girls chattering. 
“Love Chuan is a real beauty, this is without doubt. She has even starred in an advertisement with Best Actor Shen! But I have been asking around for some time and finally found out about her background.” 
At this point, she looked around. Immediately, a few other female casters moved in closer. 
Curious, Qiao Lian paid close attention and listened. 
“That Love Chuan actually has something going with our company director!” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Our company director. Did she mean that bald guy in his fifties
She almost choked on her water. 
Immediately, the girl replied, “Of course not, how could you say that?” 
“Exactly, do you have proof?” 
The person who started the gossip said at once, “I think it must be true! I heard some staff say that Love Chuan has just been around the office.” 
The group of girls suddenly looked as though they had seen the light. 
“So indeed, if this were the case, I can see why she is so popular.” 
Qiao Lian had no idea how she should react to this. Was it somewhat an insult to her
She coughed once and spoke again, “From what I understand, Love Chuan doesn’t know that director.” 
Everyone turned their gaze simultaneously towards her. They saw the young, pretty and leggy lady and asked at once, “How would you know?” 
Qiao Lian said in a serious tone, “I know everything about her. She has backing, but it’s not that man.” 
“Then who is it?” Someone immediately came up and joined in the gossip. 
Everyone looked at Qiao Lian, waiting expectantly for an answer. 
She said mysteriously, “Her backing is Director Lu from the headquarters.” 
She had to let everyone know that her backing was Lu Nanze, so that when she had the chance to sneak upstairs, there would be no hindrance. 
“Is that true?” 
“How could that be possible?! Love Chuan’s backing is Director Lu?” 
“That’s right, I don’t think that’s possible, that’s a bit wild! If her backing is Director Lu, then why would she still be a caster? She could just get into the entertainment circle and take any role she fancies.” 
“Exactly!” iea.＆nbsp;
The girl who first started the conversation looked at Qiao Lian and asked, “Who are you? Aren’t you just a great joker, saying something like that?” 
Qiao Lian said with a straight face, “I’m Love Chuan.” 
At that remark, everyone was stunned. 
And almost at the same time, the room door was suddenly opened. Lu Nanze strode in. The moment he entered the room, everyone in it was shocked.
###Chapter 1121 ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
Chapter 1121: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (7) 
Everyone straightened their postures as they turned to look at him. 
All the workers got to their feet and greeted him respectfully, “Mr. Lu!” 
Lu Nanze nodded and, as though there was no one else in the room, he walked towards the female casters. 
He approached Qiao Lian straightaway. Seeing that there was a platter of fruits in front of her, he lifted the plate, set it aside and said, “Hungry? I’ll take you to lunch. How can fruits fill up your stomach?” 
At these words, he reached out for her wrist and led her out of the room. “It’s my fault, I’ve forgotten you’re pregnant. Pregnant women are always hungry. What do you like to eat? Tell me later and I’ll get them to buy the freshest fruits. We’ll stock the fridge too.” 
Everyone was stunned. 
Was this the aloof and devilishly charming Director Lu
This was a henpecked man. 
Qiao Lian had completely not expected that Lu Nanze would come to look for her personally. 
She had thought that he would be upstairs in a meeting during lunch time. 
But it was not until she had walked with him to the parking lot, got into the car and drove out, that Qiao Lian suddenly came to her senses. She grabbed Lu Nanze’s arm and asked, “Where are we going?” 
He said unhurriedly, “Going for lunch. To a private restaurant. You’re pregnant so you can’t be eating just anything. You have to have nutritious meals.” 
She nodded and said, “Ok.” 
The private restaurant was very close to the office. 
Very soon, they arrived. 
After they had parked the car, they walked into a private room in the restaurant. 
The meal had been ordered and now they were serving the dishes one by one. 
“This is black chicken soup. Drink a bowl of this first. All of these dishes are dishes that you like.” As he said this, he moved the dishes closer to Qiao Lian and continued, “Eat up.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She looked at the dishes on the table. Indeed, they were all dishes that she loved. 
And indeed, she was hungry. Besides, the food served in restaurants like this was probably safe. Hence, she picked up her chopsticks, ready to stuff herself. 
Lu Nanze had bothered to remember clearly all of the dishes she loved. 
At this thought, she cast her gaze down to hide the complex emotions that would have been apparent in her eyes. 
As she stared at all of these dishes, her gaze suddenly fell on a basket of crab roe dumplings. 
Her eyes lit up at once. 
She reached out for the crab roe dumplings, but instead of putting them into her own mouth, she raised one with her chopsticks and moved it towards Lu Nanze, saying, “Ahhhhh. Open your mouth, look, I’m the only one eating everything here and you’re just watching! This crab roe dumpling is my way of thanking you.” 
Lu Nanze was flabbergasted. 
He looked at the crab roe dumpling like he had seen a ghost and his expression turned really odd. Looking at Qiao Lian intently, he said, “Why don’t you eat it? I—” 
“Why aren’t you eating what I’ve picked out for you? Are my hands dirty? The crab roe dumpling is yummy and I’ve selected the tastiest thing for you.” 
Lu Nanze was speechless. 
Indeed, Qiao Lian loved crab roe dumplings, but… 
Unfortunately, he, Lu Nanze, was allergic to crab roe. 
Even the tiniest amount would cause his lips to swell in pain. 
He wanted to decline, but the moment he opened his mouth to do so, she had shoved the crab roe dumpling in. At the same time, he saw her elated expression as she enthusiastically asked him, “Is it yummy?”
###Chapter 1122: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (8) 
Lu Nanze was completely taken aback. 
His mouth was already almost filled with the tasty flavor of crab roe. 
The fresh aroma pervaded his senses. 
The taste of crab roe was indeed delicious, but the thought of his allergy caused him to want to spit out the food reflexively. 
However the next moment, his gaze met with Qiao Lian’s as she remarked, “We were childhood sweethearts, so you must like the food that I like too, isn’t that so?” 
Looking into those eyes, Lu Nanze found himself nodding when what he really wanted to do was shake his head. 
With a big gulp, he forced the crab roe dumpling down his throat. 
Hurriedly, he started to down water, hoping to suppress the itch that was already starting on the corners of his mouth. But to his dismay, yet another crab roe dumpling appeared before his eyes. 
Lu Nanze: … 
Qiao Lian said in a serious tone, “There are only six here. I’ll eat three and you have the other three. See how good I am to you?” 
Lu Nanze was shaken. 
Could he rather not have her being good to him like this
Just as he was about to respond, Qiao Lian spoke again gravely, “Why do I have the feeling that I lived a moment like this, eating with you, long ago?” 
Lu Nanze winced as he held back the words he was about to say. 
After putting crab roe dumpling into her mouth, she picked up another one for him and said, “One has to learn how to share good food, Lu Nanze. I’m willing to share my happiness with you, but are you willing to accept what I share?” 
He said, “I’m willing.” 
And he meant it too. Even if he got an allergic reaction, he still felt the beauty of that moment could be retained. 
Hence, when Qiao Lian approached her chopsticks, he opened his mouth and gulped down the crab roe dumpling. 
Qiao Lian was appeased only after he had eaten the three crab roe dumplings. 
Three of those should be enough to make him quite ill all day. 
At this thought, she giggled to herself. 
After lunch, Lu Nanze took Qiao Lian back to the office before leaving in a hurry without another word. 
At 3 p.m., an ambulance turned up at the office building. 
At 4 p.m., she received a call from Lu Nanze saying, “Qiao Lian, I have some business matters to attend to, I won’t be able to take you home, but the chauffeur will do so. If there’s nothing to do in the office, just go home. I’ll pick you up for work tomorrow.” 
She smiled broadly and said, “Sure, sure. What is the important business matter you have to deal with?” 
“It’s nothing.” 
“Ok. But no matter how busy, health is more important. You have to take care of your health.” 
Lu Nanze, who was on a drip in the hospital in the meantime, said, “I know.” 
Finally satisfied, she hung up, picked up her bag happily and headed out of the building. 
By the time the chauffeur dropped her off at home, it was 5:30 p.m. 
Entering the house hurriedly, Qiao Lian saw Shen Liangchuan sitting calmly in the living room. 
She quickly walked up to him and told him everything that had happened in the office today, without leaving out the tiniest detail. 
At 6 p.m., Shen Liangchuan got to his feet and said, “Dinner time.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and went to the dining room with Shen Liangchuan. When she saw the spread, she was stunned. 
Why was everything on the dinner table an exact replication of what she had had for lunch
Especially the six crab roe dumplings. 
As she processed this, Shen Liangchuan sat at the dinner table, pointed at the crab roe dumplings and said, “Three for you and three for me, how about that?” 
Qiao Lian: …!!
###Chapter 1123: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (9) 
Qiao Lian raised her head and looked at Shen Liangchuan. For some strange reason, she suddenly felt a little guilty. 
She smiled awkwardly and cautiously spoke, “Ok, let’s eat then.” 
She reached out with her chopsticks, quietly picked up a crab roe dumpling and dropped it into her bowl. She looked at Senior Auntie Zhang and smiled as she remarked, “Auntie Zhang, why did you prepare so many dishes? And the crab roe dumplings, this must be the first time you made them!” 
Senior Auntie Zhang immediately replied, “I didn’t make them. Mr. Shen ordered them and got them delivered from the private restaurant.” 
At this point, she even looked puzzled. “I say, in your current situation, you should be eating light food. I even cooked you some porridge. It’s better that you don’t eat the crab roe dumplings. Let Mr. Shen have them all.” 
Qiao Lian was surprised. 
He had specially ordered food from the private restaurant
So it wasn’t her being overly sensitive, but an obvious statement on his part
She looked at Shen Liangchuan awkwardly and said, “You- you got someone to spy- I mean, to protect me
Shen Liangchuan looked up and nodded calmly and naturally. 
Qiao Lian gulped. 
She could feel that he wasn’t in the best mood. 
But… she only had lunch with Lu Nanze. What was the matter with him
As she was trying to figure it out, Shen Liangchuan remarked calmly, “I heard that you filled his bowl for him?” 
Filled his bowl
Qiao Lian was stumped for a moment. She quickly remembered that, indeed, she had picked the crab roe dumplings for him. 
So was Shen Liangchuan jealous
Suddenly, Qiao Lian had a strong urge to laugh aloud. 
Why was a jealous Shen Liangchuan such an adorable person
Shen Liangchuan coughed once as Qiao Lian was still deep in thought. Then his gaze shifted to the basket of crab road dumplings, but he kept silent with a cold expression on his face. 
It was obvious what that look meant. He wanted Qiao Lian to pick up the food and fill his bowl for him. 
Qiao Lian was silent. 
Lowering her gaze, she didn’t let him see the astute understanding that flashed across her eyes. 
On the contrary, she feigned innocence and said, “Why are you coughing? Is your throat too dry? Should I pour you some water?” 
Shen Liangchuan answered, “No, it’s ok. Let’s eat.” 
Qiao Lian said, “Ok.” 
Looking at her food again, she started eating. 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Qiao Lian was normally quick-witted, so where had her agility gone today
He frowned and stared at the dishes on the dining table. 
He had to admit it, he was jealous. 
And not just that. He was extremely jealous. 
When the bodyguard had reported to him what had happened today, jealousy had crept in the moment he heard that Qiao Lian had personally served Lu Nanze the crab roe dumplings. 
Even if she had just been putting on an act, did she have to go all the way
To think that she had actually served him crab roe dumplings with her own chopsticks. 
It was only the first day and she was already serving him food. What was next? Was she going to hold hands with him in places where the bodyguards wouldn’t be able to see them?! 
Thinking of this made Shen Liangchuan feel as though there was a raging fire burning inside that he couldn’t suppress. 
He took a deep breath as he looked at Qiao Lian enjoying the food, oblivious to his feelings. He started, “Xiao Qiao.” 
Qiao Lian looked up with her pair of large, innocent eyes. “Yes?” 
“I want some crab roe dumplings.” 
This time, surely it was obvious enough, right
Hurry up, pick up a dumpling and serve it. 
But all that he got was: 
“Go ahead, take it and eat it. It’s delicious!” 
Right after those words, she lowered her gaze again and quickly ate her dinner.
###Chapter 1124: Best Actor Shen Is Jealous (10) 
Shen Liangchuan: … !! 
He looked at Qiao Lian, who just kept on eating, and his chest started heaving. 
Greatly disappointed and trying to suppress his emotions, he picked up his chopsticks to serve himself. All of a sudden, a crab roe dumpling was held out in front of him. 
Surprised, he looked up and saw that Qiao Lian was smiling at him. She said, “Here, this is for you.” 
She was holding the dumpling between her chopsticks and, just as Shen Liangchuan was about to close his mouth around it, she quickly retracted her hand and drew back the dumpling. 
Shen Liangchuan was flabbergasted. 
At once, peals of laughter from Qiao Lian rang through the room. 
She pointed at the man, laughing and saying, “Shen Liangchuan, you’re childish beyond belief! Hahahahaha.” 
His expression immediately darkened. 
So after going round in circles, Qiao Lian did understand what he was going on about, but had feigned ignorance. 
As he realized this, Qiao Lian’s laughter died down and she looked at the spread on the dining table. 
She said slowly, “Shen Liangchuan, I know you don’t like eating crab roe dumplings.” 
Shen Liangchuan was slightly taken aback by her remark. 
She continued, “So stop making things difficult for yourself.” 
At these words, she reached out with her chopsticks and picked up a piece of sirloin. Placing that in his bowl, she said, “I know you like this. Eat up.” 
Shen Liangchuan lowered his gaze to stare at the strip of sirloin steak in his bowl. 
All of a sudden, he smiled. 
He must have been possessed to get jealous over a crab roe dumpling. 
He shook his head, feeling sillier than he had ever felt all his life. 
He lowered his head as this thought crossed his mind and reached for his chopsticks. As he picked up the sirloin in his bowl and put it into his mouth, Qiao Lian remarked, “Lu Nanze is allergic to crab roe.” 
Shen Liangchuan was stunned by those words. He looked up at her. 
A flash of realization struck him like lightning out of the blue. 
So Qiao Lian had fed him crab roe on purpose because she knew he was allergic to it
Immediately, that choked up feeling in his chest vanished. 
Following this, he picked up a slice of fish and placed it in Qiao Lian’s bowl, saying, “Eat more of this.” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
The glee he felt all of a sudden after hearing about the allergy was just a little too obvious. 
This man… This man! 
– 
As warm and joyous the atmosphere was in the Qiao family villa, there was the same measure of desolation and loneliness in another villa elsewhere. 
Qiao Yiyi had been held in the house for a few days now. 
Almost no one had talked to her during this time. Even the housekeepers downstairs had avoided her like plague and jumped like they had just seen a ghost whenever she tried talking to them. 
She felt like she was going crazy. 
That feeling of not having anyone interact with her all day. 
She was extremely frustrated, troubled and at the same time full of fear. 
This was Second Brother’s punishment for her. There was no physical pain, but the mental torture was beyond unbearable, she was about to have a breakdown. 
At 6 p.m., the housekeeper brought dinner to her right on time. 
She set the table and was about to leave after this when Qiao Yiyi stood up suddenly. She grabbed the housekeeper’s hand and said, “You, help me get Second Brother, tell him I’m looking for him.” 
The housekeeper immediately withdrew her hand. She looked at Qiao Yiyi and said, “Mr. Lu is very busy, how could he find time for you?” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip at once.
###Chapter 1125: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (1) 
“What’s Second Brother busy with? Even if he’s busy, he wouldn’t ignore me.” 
Qiao Yiyi was insistent. 
The housekeeper couldn’t keep it any longer and sighed, saying, “Mr. Lu has really been very busy lately. He’s at the casters’ office every day. I heard that even when they need his signature for anything, they have to look for him at the casters’ office! Also, he has to think of a new strategy every day just to have lunch with this particular female caster. Everyone is saying that Mr. Lu is interested in her.” 
At these words, Qiao Yiyi’s expression changed drastically. “What did you say?” 
The housekeeper shot her a look. She had had enough of Qiao Yiyi’s usual display of shameless arrogance and said, “I said Mr. Lu is flirting with a girl in the office. That girl has the same surname as you, Qiao. Everyone calls her Ms. Qiao.” 
Ms. Qiao. 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes in horror. Bumping into the table behind her as she retreated in disbelief, she said, “Her? It’s her! I’m sure it’s her.” 
She understood Second Brother only too well. 
He was trying to get her to fall in love with him before she regained her memory. 
Hence now, the two of them must be inseparable for sure, relishing each other’s company every day. 
But if the two of them were together, then what about her
She had waited for Second Brother for eight years. Was she just going to be tossed aside like this
She bit her lip and clenched her fists tightly. “No way, hand me the cell phone. I want to call Second Brother!” 
At these words, Qiao Yiyi lurched forward and tried taking the cell phone from her hands. 
The housekeeper took a step back and said, “Ms. Qiao, don’t fool around now. Mr. Lu has said that we are not to interrupt him for no reason.” 
“Who says it’s for no reason? It’s important! I want to talk to Second Brother!” 
Qiao Yiyi was shouting now, “Give me back my cell phone!” 
The housekeeper looked at her with great loathing and said, “Ms. Qiao, you should finish your lunch quickly.” 
As though she was avoiding some plague, she quickly retreated and scurried away. 
When she saw that the housekeeper was gone and that she was now all alone, she started to panic. 
She dashed to the door and yelled, “Open the door! Open up! Return the cell phone to me! I want my cell phone! Someone! I want to look for Second Brother! He can’t do this to me!” 
After being shut in the room for a few days, she had become afraid. 
If Second Brother really ended up with Qiao Lian, he could very well keep her imprisoned in this place forever so that she couldn’t become a hindrance between them. 
The very thought of this was enough to drive her crazy. 
She pounded on the door for hours, but there didn’t seem to be any sign of movements outside the door. 
Dejected and dispirited finally, she slid down with her back against the door. 
She stared at everything in the room. Gathering the last of her strength, she sprang to her feet and, with great force, swept all the dishes on the table onto the floor. 
Then footsteps were heard. 
She covered her face with both her palms and cried in anguish. 
She couldn’t even communicate with the outside world. There was no way she could rescue herself. 
After crying for a long time, she finally stopped. 
The smell of food pervaded the room. 
Among the mess from the food spillage, there was a fish. 
After some time, the fish grew stale. 
The smell of the stale fish drifted into her nose. 
It could have been because she had been trapped in for too long, or it could have been the hard crying, but Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt ill. She clutched her chest as a wave of nausea washed over her.
###Chapter 1126: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (2) 
The housekeeper and men watching over her outside the door were at once aware that Qiao Yiyi had thrown up. 
The housekeeper immediately contacted Assistant Zhao Yang. 
Because when he shut her away, Lu Nanze had instructed that Assistant Zhao Yang would be responsible for everything to do with Qiao Yiyi. 
Zhao Yang turned up very shortly, and he had brought a physician with him. 
The room smelled awful when the two men entered it. 
No one had cleaned up the food she had swept on the floor and the windows were sealed tight. 
Qiao Yiyi was sitting on the sofa in the room, looking very pale. Her eyes were staring straight ahead and she looked extremely unwell. 
Zhao Yang’s pupils shrank back when he saw her. 
The housekeepers had gathered at the doorway and were looking in curiously. 
In his anger, Zhao Yang raised his voice at them, “What did I say when I handed Ms. Qiao over to you?” 
The housekeepers fell silent and straightened their postures, not daring to breathe. 
Zhao Yang pointed at Qiao Yiyi and said, “I’ve already told you to take good care of Ms. Qiao. What is this I’m seeing?” 
The moment these words fell, an alert housekeeper immediately rushed into the room. She opened the windows to dissipate the foul smell and quickly picked up the broom to sweep away the food on the floor. 
After this, she fetched a mop. 
After some efforts, the room was finally cleaned and the doctor then stepped in. 
Qiao Yiyi’s long hair fell over her shoulders. Because she had thrown up badly, in addition to the heating in the room, she had broken out in perspiration. 
When one went near her, the acrid smell of stale sweat was noticeable. 
The doctor frowned. 
Zhao Yang couldn’t help wincing as he turned to the housekeepers to ask, “How many days has Ms. Qiao not showered?” 
The housekeepers said, “About three or four days.” 
Zhao Yang turned to look at Qiao Yiyi again. 
Was she taking it out on herself because Lu Nanze had abandoned her
The woman before him now was like a different person from the hypocritical and egoistic person that she used to be. 
He turned his gaze to the doctor and said, “Please examine her.” 
The doctor nodded and took a step towards her, observing her carefully. “Ms. Qiao, how do you feel?” 
“Nauseous. I feel like throwing up.” Qiao Yiyi looked straight ahead. 
“Why do you feel nauseous?” 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath and replied, “The fish, it smelled bad.” 
The doctor asked about her symptoms and then finally asked her, “Ms. Qiao, may I know when was it that you had your last period?” 
Qiao Yiyi paused when she heard this question. 
As though she suddenly remembered something, she sprang up from her seat. She had a look of disbelief on her face as she answered the doctor, “I- it- it was last month. Am- am I pregnant?” 
The doctor took out his equipment and said, “Let me take a blood sample. We can easily find out with a test.” 
Her eyes were shining as she nodded. 
Zhao Yang, who was standing at the doorway, was stunned when he heard this exchange. 
He looked at Qiao Yiyi with widened eyes. 
All of these years, that had been the one and only time that they had not used any birth control measures. He hadn’t expected… that she would get pregnant
He was going to be a fathere?. 
His eyes suddenly burned as he looked at Qiao Yiyi’s stomach. 
The stomach held his growing child. 
Zhao Yang narrowed his eyes. 
Very quickly, the examination result was out. 
And the outcome was that Qiao Yiyi was pregnant.
###Chapter 1127: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (3) 
Pregnant. 
Qiao Yiyi looked excitedly at the test results in her hand, her eyes glistening with tears. 
The child came at a critical time. 
With this child, surely Second Brother would let her leave this place. 
From the dejected woman that she had just been moments ago, she was suddenly inspired and touched. 
Grabbing Zhao Yang’s wrist, she ordered as she looked steadily at him, “Zhao Yang, I’m now pregnant with Second Brother’s child! Call him immediately and tell him. Ask him to let me out. I want to get out of this place!” 
When Zhao Yang heard these words, the look of excitement on his face suddenly vanished. 
He looked steadily at Qiao Yiyi, who was now pacing to and fro the room in an agitated state, saying, “This child belongs to Second Brother, I wonder if it’s a boy or a girl. If it’s a girl, what do we name her? If it’s a boy, he will someday inherit Second Brother’s estate. That’s right, hurry up and tell Second Brother. I hear that we should be able to tell the gender of the child after three months.” 
She was beside herself with excitement and emotions. 
Seeing her like this made Zhao Yang feel increasingly sorrowful. 
He opened his mouth and eventually had to say, “Ms. Qiao, Mr. Lu has never liked you, you should already know.” 
Those words drenched her like a bucket of cold water, waking her up in an instant. 
She spun around, looked at Zhao Yang fiercely and said, “What nonsense are you speaking? Second Brother likes me! Except that he doesn’t know it yet. If that tr*mp Qiao Lian didn’t exist, I’d be the person he liked.” 
She said this is as though trying to convince herself. She paced the room and continued, “That’s right, you don’t understand Second Brother. He is an exceptionally nasty man and if he hadn’t liked me all these years, he wouldn’t have accepted me and wouldn’t have been intimate with me. He hates doing things against his own will. Didn’t you see that he never had another woman by his side in all these years? I admit, he likes Qiao Lian, but he likes me too.” 
After she said this, she spun around and looked at Zhao Yang again. “Hurry up and inform Second Brother, tell him I’m pregnant.” 
“And after that?” Zhao Yang suddenly felt that Qiao Yiyi was loathsome for behaving like this. It made her pathetic. 
Qiao Yiyi paused. And after that
That’s right. What then, after that
It was true that, since she was now pregnant, the cards were stacked in her favor to get out of this place. 
But given that the Second Brother was hitting on Qiao Lian, surely he wouldn’t set her free now. He would be afraid that once Qiao Lian knew about the existence of this child, the hopes of them being together would disappear. 
In hindsight, Qiao Yiyi, who had initially been ecstatic about her pregnancy, began to have second thoughts. 
She bit her lip. 
After a moment, she looked at Zhao Yang and said, “Zhao Yang, can you do me a favor?” 
Zhao Yang’s eyes narrowed at her words. 
Looking at him, she continued, “This child in me is Second Brother’s firstborn and perhaps the only child that he’ll ever have. You have to understand, this child will eventually be the head of the Lu family. Zhao Yang, helping this child would be the same as helping Second Brother, do you understand?” 
Zhao Yang hung his head and asked, “What are you thinking of doing?” 
“Help me inform my parents that I’m pregnant.”
###Chapter 1128: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (4) 
“Pregnant?” Lu Nanze was sitting on his sofa at home when he received the news. 
He had not fully recovered from the allergic reaction, hence his lips were still purple and slightly swollen. 
He raised an eyebrow when he heard the news from Zhao Yang and said with a mocking tone, “Congratulations, you’re going to be a father.” 
Not daring to even breathe, Zhao Yang lowered his head in silence. 
Lu Nanze stood on his feet and rubbed his chin. He paced back and forth a few times and eventually looked at Zhao Yang, asking, “Zhao Yang, do you want the child?” 
Zhao Yang was stunned by the question. “Sir, you mean—” 
“If you want the child, then keep it. If not, then ask the doctor to abort it.” 
The emotionless words were as cold as ice. 
Zhao Yand shuddered and looked at Lu Nanze. He saw the disdain in the man’s eyes. 
It had always been like this. 
Mr. Lu had never liked Qiao Yiyi. 
The interest and affection were only one-sided. 
Zhao Yang lowered his head and said, “She- she wishes to see you.” i?r. m
“I’m not seeing her,” Lu Nanze said without the slightest hesitation as he walked back to the sofa and sat down. “You may leave.” 
Zhao Yang nodded, turned around and headed towards the door. 
After he had taken two steps, he heard Lu Nanze call out, “Hang on.” 
Zhao Yang turned around, thinking that Lu Nanze had changed his mind. But unexpectedly, he said instead, “Have you arranged for someone to pick Qiao Lian up from work tomorrow?” 
Zhao Yang replied, “Yes, I have.” 
“Good. And the reservation for lunch has been made?” 
“Yes, it has.” 
“Good, that’s all. You may go.” 
Zhao Yang paused as he stood there for a moment. Then, with a “yes,” he turned and left. 
Sitting on the sofa, Lu Nanze’s head was filled with thoughts of how to hit on a girl. Xiao Qiao had always liked lilies, so should he buy her a diamond lily locket
The housekeeper walked in as he was thinking this and said, “Mr. Lu, Mr. and Mrs Qiao are here.” 
When he heard the words Mr. and Mrs. Qiao, he frowned immediately. He knew why they were here. 
All these years, every time Qiao Yiyi made him angry, this would happen. 
He said immediately, “I don’t wish to see them!” 
The housekeeper nodded. She turned around but after she had taken two steps, Lu Nanze spoke again, “Wait.” 
She turned around. 
Looking at the housekeeper, his lips suddenly turned upwards into a sarcastic smile. He said to her, “Take them to see Qiao Yiyi.” 
“Yes.” 
An hour later, Zhao Yang returned. He lowered his head and said, “Mr. and Mrs. Qiao took Qiao Yiyi away. They said they’ll take her home and care for her. After all, she’s pregnant.” 
Lu Nanze’s gaze was fixed straight ahead. He nodded and mumbled a faint “uh-huh” when he heard this. 
Zhao Yang looked up at him again. 
Lu Nanze’s face was expressionless, but Zhao Yang found that look strangely terrifying. 
For so many years, Lu Nanze had accommodated himself to the Qiao family, but what was the reason for it
Knowing what he was like, he could have just swept Qiao Yiyi aside. Why did Lu Nanze make him sleep with Qiao Yiyi and in the process mislead her
It was as though he was pacifying Qiao Yiyi and her family.
###Chapter 1129: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (5) 
Early next morning. 
After breakfast, Qiao Lian was about to leave the house when Shen Liangchuan came out and said, “I’ll take you to work.” 
Qiao Lian said, “But you don’t have a car.” 
This was Suzhou. Where was he going to get a car and take her to work
As she said these words, the door of the garage in the courtyard slowly opened and, at once, a brand new Audi appeared before her eyes. 
Surprised, Qiao Lian asked, “When did you buy a car?” 
“Yesterday afternoon.” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
As they drove away, they saw that Lu Nanze’s chauffeur had turned up to pick Qiao Lian up for work. 
The chauffeur was stumped when he saw that Qiao Lian had gotten into another car and they were now driving away. He immediately called Lu Nanze, “Mr. Lu, erm… Best Actor Shen has just driven away with Ms. Qiao to take her to work, so I-” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes when he heard this. 
Since swallowing the crab roe dumplings the day before, his mouth had been swollen. Right now it was still burning and itching, making him feel most uncomfortable. 
He winced as he got to his feet and said, “I know. You may go now.” 
“Yes.” 
After hanging up, Lu Nanze went to change. 
Someone walked in to inform him, “Mr. Lu, the family physician will be here soon.” 
Because of his allergy, Lu Nanze had been put on a drip at home for two days and that had helped to reduce the swelling. 
He had initially planned to be away from the office these two days, but he hadn’t expected there would be this unforeseen event. 
The action of Shen Liangchuan taking Qiao Lian to work made him conscious of the possibility that, if he missed his opportunity now, he may end up missing the boat forever. 
The deal he had with Shen Liangchuan was a month. 
Two days of a month were too precious, so he had to rush to the office. He told the housekeeper in response, “Ask him to come back tonight.” 
Then he headed towards the front door. Just as he approached it, he stopped in front of the dressing mirror. 
His gaze fell on his lips. 
They were swollen, thick and red. They were slightly better than looking like sausages, but they honestly still were still a rather strange sight. Lu Nanze furrowed his brow. 
As the company’s CEO, he couldn’t possibly present such an image in the office. Hence, he turned towards the housekeeper and said, “Get me a mask.” 
By the time Lu Nanze arrived at the office, Shen Liangchuan’s car pulled up as well. 
Both their cars met and stopped at the same time. After a short pause, Lu Nanze opened his car door and stepped out of the vehicle. 
He walked up to Shen Liangchuan’s car and knocked on the window. 
At the same time, the door of the front passenger seat was pushed open. Qiao Lian emerged from the car. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and stared at Shen Liangchuan, saying, “Thanks for taking the trouble of taking Qiao Lian to work.” n?ed.＆nbsp;
He spoke as though Shen Liangchuan was an outsider, as though he, Lu Nanze, was her rightful husband. It was downright repulsive. 
Especially when Shen Liangchuan knew that Qiao Lian had regained her memory, yet he had to play along and send her right into the hands of his love rival. That utter discomfort he was feeling… 
Shen Liangchuan looked at Lu Nanze icily and replied, “Having my wife work at your company, please take good care of her.” 
“There’s nothing to worry about, really. Qiao Lian and I were childhood lovers and we grew up together. Of course I will take good care of her.” 
He especially emphasized the words “take good care.” 
There, with the car between them, the two men got into a verbal sparring.
###Chapter 1130: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (6) 
There was no change in Shen Liangchuan’s expression, but the look in his eyes was sharp and murderous. 
When she noticed this, Qiao Lian knew that she had to intervene. Otherwise, if they started a fight on the street, she wouldn’t know what to do. 
She hurriedly took a step forward and positioned herself between Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze. She grinned at Lu Nanze, turned to look at Shen Liangchuan and said, “Hubby, why don’t you go home first?” 
Her child-like tone at once melted the coldness in Shen Liangchuan. 
Lu Nanze froze, on the other hand. 
Hubby. 
This was the first time he had ever heard her address Shen Liangchuan like that, calling him Hubby. 
He felt an intense pain in his heart, like it was being slowly sliced by a blunt knife. 
So this was how sweet she sounded when she addressed her own husband. 
In the past, he had tried countless times to imagine what it would be like when Qiao Lian called someone “hubby”. 
Now he had finally heard it. 
But it wasn’t him she was talking to. 
Tightening his fists and looking at them, he suddenly reached out and grabbed Qiao Lian’s arm. He said, “We’re going to be late for work. Let’s stop the small talk!” 
He wanted to yank her away and take her into the office, as though this was the only way that he could separate them. Only if he could separate them would he feel better. 
But this forceful act by him caused Shen Liangchuan to narrow his eyes at once. 
He opened the driver seat door and sprang out of the car. He strode over to Lu Nanze and grabbed the man by his arm. He narrowed his eyes as he glared at Lu Nanze and demanded, “Let her go!” 
Lu Nanze sneered, “Why should I? We should be together, we were childhood sweethearts. The person who should let her go is you!” 
The expression in Shen Liangchuan’s eyes turned as cold as the water in the North Pole, like water that had stayed frozen for a 1000 years. It was clear that if Lu Nanze didn’t release his grip on her, he would not let the man go either. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes with a chilling smile. 
Shen Liangchuan started, “She is my wife. Mr. Lu, I ask that you watch your boundaries!” 
Lu Nanze slowly replied, “Watch which boundaries exactly? Mr. Shen, I’ve done more intimate things with—” 
“Lu Nanze!” Qiao Lian shouted angrily before the man could finish what he was saying. He looked at her. 
She looked back at him and then shifted her gaze to Shen Liangchuan. 
These two men weren’t behaving at all like the CEOs of huge enterprises that they were. They were more like immature school boys that had not grown up! 
Were they going to start a fight too
She said to Lu Nanze, “Let me go!” 
“I will not!” 
“Are you going to do it or not?” 
“Not letting go.” 
“Lu Nanze, you-” Qiao Lian was angered into speechlessness. Eventually, she said, “You’re hurting me! My wrist feels like it’s breaking. Ouch! It hurts!” 
Lu Nanze frowned as she yelled out but he still didn’t let go. He looked at Shen Liangchuan and said, “Why aren’t you letting her go?” 
Only he knew how tight and strong the grip that Shen Liangchuan had on his arm was. 
It was a bone-crushing and agonizing pain, but he stubbornly wouldn’t move and would only stare at Shen Liangchuan. 
But indeed, the next moment, Shen Liangchuan relaxed his grip and said, “Let her go.” 
Lu Nanze gave an icy laugh before he let go of her arm. 
That vicious look on his face was peerless. 
Giving Shen Liangchuan a hard glare, he even said, “Since childhood, I’d rather destroy whatever I wanted that I could not get my hands on.”
###Chapter 1131: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (7) 
His remark left Shen Liangchuan speechless. 
Lu Nanze looked at Qiao Lian and said, “Come to the office with me.” 
She glanced at Shen Liangchuan and bit her lip. 
During their argument, Shen Liangchuan had lost because of having to let go first. But wasn’t that only because he had truly been concerned that Lu Nanze was hurting her? On the other hand, Lu Nanze… A faint derisive smile appeared on her face. 
His so-called like and love couldn’t withstand a simple test of reality. It was clear to Qiao Lian that she was only an , and not a human being in Lu Nanze’s world. 
She narrowed her eyes at this thought and suddenly smiled. With the hand that Lu Nanze had just released, she suddenly grabbed his arm and exclaimed, “Hey, Lu Nanze!” . c?
Stunned, the man halted and lowered his head. He almost couldn’t believe that she was holding his arm. 
Was she now automatically warming up to him? He was suddenly excited as he turned to look at her with shining eyes. 
But the next moment, he saw a hand wave before his face and at once felt a rush of cold air. The mask that he was wearing had, in a quick motion, been pulled off by Qiao Lian. 
Lu Nanze was aghast. 
After Qiao Lian had removed the mask, she muttered to herself, “It’s bright and sunny and it isn’t even cold. The air is fresh and clean. Why are you wearing a mask?” 
Then she released her hold, letting it fall onto the ground. 
Lu Nanze quickly reacted to recover the mask so that he could put it back on, but his hand froze in mid-air. 
Because, by mere chance, the mask had floated away and fallen into a pile of trash by the road. 
Lu Nanze was flabbergasted. 
Alas! At this point, Qiao Lian lazily stretched her lower back and turned to look at the man. Her remark turned into an exclamation, “Ah, Lu Nanze, sorry about that. Butterfingers! Urgh… Your mouth, what’s the matter with it?” 
With that, both Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan’s eyes were fixed on his lips. 
Those lips… They were red, swollen and absolutely unsightly! 
Unable to control herself, Qiao Lian burst into peals of laughter at once. Then she looked at those lips with curiosity and asked, “Lu Nanze, your lips, why do they look like you did something wild with them?” 
Lu Nanze scowled. 
Shen Liangchuan: … !! 
Why did that remark sound so wrong? It triggered all sorts of wild and titillating thoughts in one’s mind. 
Yet Qiao Lian continued to examine his lips with her head lowered. After a while, she spoke between sniggers, “Lu Nanze, hahaha, your lips are too funny! Hahaha. It’s like you kissed for too long and got hurt, but shouldn’t it be the girl that ends up looking like this? Which man were you with that was so aggressive? So you are the passive type!” 
These remarks were made in jest, but Lu Nanze turned beet red and frowned, pointing at Qiao Lian furiously. All the feelings he had felt a few moments ago when he fought with Shen Liangchuan had vanished without a trace. 
Especially because Qiao Lian was speaking so loudly that everyone walking by had turned around to look. 
Lu Nanze grew increasingly embarrassed. 
Ashen-faced, he glanced at the people around who were staring. He waved his hand with flustered fury, turned and quickly walked into the office building. 
As she watched him leave, Qiao Lian broke into peals of laughter once again. 
Shen Liangchuan too, lowered his gaze in amusement, knowing that Qiao Lian had probably made a fool out of that man for his sake. 
It seemed like letting someone else have the upper hand once in a while could bring unexpected results. 
His lips turned upwards into a smile.
###Chapter 1132: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (8) 
Qiao Lian said goodbye to Shen Liangchuan at the entrance and hurried into the office. 
As she entered, she saw the receptionist standing there. 
Tip-toeing up to her, she asked, “How did Mr. Lu look?” 
The receptionist looked at Qiao Lian and smiled as she said, “He looked normal.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and said “oh.” She peered upstairs and went to the female casters’ department. They had just finished moving yesterday, so now everyone was frantically working extra hours. 
Qiao Lian didn’t have much to do and just sat there. 
After a short while, someone walked in. When she saw Qiao Lian, she waved at her and said, “Ms. Qiao, there’s a document here that requires Mr. Lu’s signature. He’s asked you to take this to him.” 
Could she possibly say no
She had just taken great liberties with him and now he wanted her to bring him the document. It certainly didn’t sound like anything good. 
But wasn’t this a chance for her to boldly go to his office
It was a good opportunity to explore her way around. 
After all, even though she had been familiar with the Lu family building eight years ago, this building was now an entirely different one. 
She bit her lip at this thought, took the document from the person and walked out of the office slowly. 
To get to the penthouse, she had to take the director’s exclusive elevator. 
She could get into his office with her keycard, but she had to get off the elevator a level below the penthouse. Then, she had to take the stairs one level up to reach the penthouse itself. She slowly ascended the staircase. 
If she were to come here to steal the account book, she couldn’t take the elevator all the way up for sure. 
She could only take the stairs, so she had to have a look first. 
After a slow walk to the penthouse, she arrived at a doorway. She pushed the door lightly but it stayed shut. 
Hence, using a little more force, she gave it another push. The door creaked, but still it stayed firmly shut. 
As she stood there puzzled, she suddenly saw someone through the glass panel on the door. She jumped and sprang back. Turning around and ready to run away, the door suddenly flew open. 
At once, a man who looked like some sort of bodyguard appeared at the doorway and said to her, “Ms. Qiao, Mr. Lu is waiting for you.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Had she been discovered
If she had indeed been discovered, what was she going to say later
Struggling to come up with something as she made her way up, she heard the turn of the key as the bodyguard locked the door. 
She looked back and realized… that door was locked. 
Qiao Lian: … 
It was no wonder she couldn’t open it. 
This Lu Nanze was a seriously protective person. 
She was full of unspoken criticism as she walked into Lu Nanze’s office. 
For security reasons, Lu Nanze’s office was close to the stairs. The penthouse had a simple layout and few staff. 
As Qiao Lian entered, Lu Nanze was looking at the computer. He saw her approaching with her head down, like a guilty child who had done something wrong. With a wave of his hand, the bodyguard left the room. 
Lu Nanze turned his gaze on Qiao Lian and signaled for her to come. 
Qiao Lian shook her head and said, “Just tell me what it is. I’m not going to walk right into your trap!” 
She looked at him guardedly. 
Lu Nanze frowned and turned the computer monitor towards her. 
When she looked at it, she realized the images were recordings of the stairs outside. He had seen all of her stealthy movements earlier on.
###Chapter 1133: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (9) 
Qiao Lian’s heart skipped a beat. Had she aroused his suspicion
As soon as she had this thought, Lu Nanze asked, “Speak up, what were you doing?” 
Her fingers curled into a tight fist immediately and she bit her lip. Her posture was as straight as a pencil, and her fingers clenched tightly around her cell phone in her pocket. 
The moment something didn’t look right, she had to call Shen Liangchuan and get him to rescue her. 
She could hardly breathe now as she looked at Lu Nanze steadily. 
Her mind raced at top speed, thinking of a good excuse for this behavior. Then she saw Lu Nanze getting up on his feet. 
Her pupils shrank back immediately as she eyed him guardedly. 
But the next moment, Lu Nanze said slowly, “So you also know how to be afraid? Then why did you make a fool out of me?” 
Qiao Lian: … 
What?! 
Did Lu Nanze mean… 
She couldn’t be sure as she stood on the spot, stupefied. Lu Nanze finally sighed and said, “Are you trying to help him? So after embarrassing me, you don’t dare to come up here and instead go around sneaking and peeping.” 
Qiao Lian was reeling from the turn of events. 
This way of looking at it seemed logical too. 
At once, she was relieved and stared back at Lu Nanze blankly. 
The way he had said it had almost frightened her to death. 
She immediately laughed once, and then another time, and said, “Yes, that’s true.” 
As she was saying this, Lu Nanze was already striding towards her. He stood before her and his large frame loomed over her threateningly. She couldn’t help but take a step backward. He spoke slowly as he asked, “Qiao Lian, why do you want to help Shen Liangchuan?” 
Why did she want to help Shen Liangchuan
She bit her lip and blinked a couple of times. Then she began to put on an act, “Because… he is my husband!” 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back and he probed, “You remember something about it?” 
Qiao Lian shook her head and continued, “No, but think about it. You’re saying I love you, but he’s saying that I love him. If I really do love you and I’m even carrying your child, then he’s quite pitiful. And if he’s the one I like, then it’s only natural that I help him. It’s reasonable!” 
Lu Nanze sighed in obvious relief. 
This preposterous argument was a little far-fetched, but that was very much like Qiao Lian. 
Her thinking had always been a little different. 
“Also…” 
Lu Nanze immediately looked at her again when she started. 
She pouted as she lamented, “When I said that my hand was going to break from your grip, you didn’t even let go! Shen Liangchuan was the one who let go first. Of course I’d help him! He knew how to show concern for me.” 
When Lu Nanze heard this, he laughed at once and said, “You- I know very well how much strength I was using on you. It wasn’t painful at all! Why should I let go?” 
Qiao Lian: … 
However, with an underlying nervousness, he asked her, “So who do you like now?” 
While he asked this, he looked at Qiao Lian intently, as though afraid to hear an answer that he didn’t wish to hear. 
Qiao Lian tilted her head and contemplated it for a moment. Then she finally said, “I don’t know. I feel that I like the both of you?” 
The answer made Lu Nanze feel like punching a wall. 
But at the same time, something was stirred deep in his heart.
###Chapter 1134: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (10) 
So she did like him and had feelings for him after all. 
In that emotional moment, Lu Nanze placed his hands on Qiao Lian’s shoulders and said, “Qiao Lian, we were childhood sweethearts and grew up together. Everyone in Suzhou knows this. So why don’t you just agree to our relationship?” 
After saying this, he made a move to take Qiao Lian into his embrace. 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back at once and was about to dodge him, when suddenly they heard a din outside. “Let me in, I want to see Second Brother. Second Brother, I’m Qiao Yiyi!” 
Lu Nanze froze upon hearing this. He lowered his head and looked at Qiao Lian. 
At once, she heaved a big sigh of relief inside, although she maintained a serious expression on her face. 
After a moment, she smiled and pushed Lu Nanze away. With a serious expression, she said, “Don’t you think that you should explain to me who this woman is? The moment I regained consciousness, she told me she was your woman, that you are in love with each other. Lu Nanze, before you sort things out with Qiao Yiyi, I don’t think you have the right to say that you like me!” 
She tossed the documents that needed his signature on his desk and said, “Once you’ve signed them, have someone send them down.” 
After saying this in a commanding and overbearing tone, she turned away to leave. 
She opened the door. 
At once, she found herself looking into Qiao Yiyi’s eyes, who was now being held back by the bodyguard outside. 
Both of them halted. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and stared at Qiao Lian as though she was an enemy. 
They wouldn’t let her into the office, giving excuses and saying that Mr. Lu’s office was not a place for people to enter as they wished. But what about Qiao Lian
She wouldn’t for a moment believe that Qiao Lian was there on official business. 
She bit her lip forcefully and glared at Qiao Lian. She said through gritted teeth, “Qiao Lian, why are you here?!” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank at these words. 
It wasn’t as though she wanted to be here. If it weren’t for the account book, did Qiao Yiyi think that she would want to be anywhere near here
But of course, she could not say these things aloud right now. 
Hence, she could only glance at the woman and say with an icy laugh, “Concerning your question, you should ask Mr. Lu himself.” 
Tilting her chin up arrogantly, she brushed past Qiao Yiyi haughtily on her way out. 
“Stop right there!” 
Qiao Yiyi raised her voice with fury. 
Qiao Lian turned around. 
Qiao Yiyi looked her up and down with hostility and inquired, “Have you really lost your memory?” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
Narrowing her eyes, Qiao Yiyi suddenly smiled and said, “Qiao Lian, you really don’t remember me? I’m your cousin! There’s no way I can lie about this!” 
After speaking, she stared hard at Qiao Lian and said, “Then why do you treat me so coldly? Or is it because you actually haven’t lost your memory?” 
Lu Nanze’s gaze immediately shifted to Qiao Lian. At once, his expression became guarded and cautious. 
Qiao Lian started laughing as though Qiao Yiyi had made a big joke. “Why do I treat you coldly? But why should I treat you with enthusiasm? The way you glare at me, I can almost see the daggers. I’m not a masochist in a hurry to get harassed by you!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Lu Nanze: … 
“Besides, when I had just regained consciousness, you didn’t even bother to ask about my injury. Instead you were busy telling me about your relationship with Lu Nanze. Tsk tsk, is this what a cousin should be doing? I lost my memory, not my mind!”
###Chapter 1135: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (11) 
After Qiao Lian finished speaking, she looked at Qiao Yiyi as though the woman was a retard. Then she turned and walked out. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Biting down her lip, Qiao Yiyi’s eyes followed the girl until she disappeared into the elevator. She spun around and looked at Lu Nanze, calling him, “Second Brother.” 
There was loathing in his eyes. Knitting his brow, he said, “Come in.” 
The bodyguards parted to let her in. 
They shut the office door. Lu Nanze sat on his swivel armchair as Qiao Yiyi stood obediently in front of him. “Second Brother, I’m pregnant. Do you think it’s a boy or a girl? Did you think of a name for the child?” 
“Second Brother, you should know this child is exceptionally well-behaved. I didn’t even know I was pregnant! I have no morning sickness and don’t feel unwell. Second Brother, aren’t you happy?” 
She went on and on, but Lu Nanze did not speak a single word. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him anxiously and asked, “Second Brother? Why haven’t you said a single word?” 
Lu Nanze finally spoke up, “I remember, before you got pregnant, that we made a deal.” 
Qiao Yiyi was taken aback. 
She knew and remembered what he had said—that even if she had a child, at most it would be his illegitimate child, he would never acknowledge the baby. 
But hadn’t that just been a casual remark
This child was his own flesh and blood. How could he possibly be so heartless to not want it
Qiao Yiyi placed her hands on her abdomen. Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and said, “So what has your child got to do with me?” 
His words and tone were stone cold. There wasn’t a trace of warmth in them. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and stood there, not quite able to believe what was happening. She looked at Lu Nanze and said, “Second Brother, you—” 
“If there’s nothing else, Ms. Qiao, you may go.” 
A cold order for her to leave. Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and attempted it again, “Second Brother, I—” 
“Get out.” 
Scared out of her wits, Qiao Yiyi could only walk to the door. 
After she had taken a step, the freezing voice behind her called her, “Hang on.” 
She halted and turned around. Lu Nanze looked at her steadily and said, “Qiao Yiyi, I think you should know what to say and what not to say, right?” 
She was a smart woman and widened her eyes immediately. “Second Brother—” 
“I do not wish for Qiao Lian to hear what she shouldn’t be hearing.” Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and continued, “Especially this month.” 
Qiao Yiyi forcefully bit her lip and interlocked her fingers tightly. Nodding, she said, “Yes.” 
After leaving Lu Nanze’s office, Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists tightly. There was a flash of agony and sorrow in her eyes. 
She had thought that, once she carried Second Brother’s child, he would treat her better. 
But unexpectedly, it had turned out like this. 
She took a deep breath. 
That was not right. 
It was obvious that the moment Second Brother had heard that she was pregnant, he had freed her. 
He was behaving like this now probably because he was trying to regain Qiao Lian’s affection. 
But the moment the child was born, Second Brother would surely like it. 
Having an adorable child in front of him, calling him “daddy”… She would not believe that he would still be so heartless to deny that child. 
That thought renewed her strength and calmed her down once more. 
– 
The hours flew by and soon it was lunchtime again. 
Just thinking of the meal she had had with Lu Nanze yesterday and how it had ended with Shen Liangchuan’s jealousy, Qiao Lian was beginning to feel uncomfortable about this lunch matter. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by a door knock, followed by a delivery worker who asked, “May I know who is Ms. Qiao?” 
Qiao Lian: …!!
###Chapter 1136: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (12) 
Puzzled, Qiao Lian stood up after a short pause when she heard this. 
The delivery worker walked in and handed her a lunch set. 
Confused, Qiao Lian asked, “Are you sure this is for me? I didn’t order lunch.” 
The delivery worker smiled and confirmed it, “Ms. Qiao, I can confirm it’s yours. Someone calel Mr. Shen ordered this for you. He also said that you should have a nutritious meal. Do you need my help to lay the table?” 
Qiao Lian quickly shook her head and said, “No, no it’s ok.” 
The delivery worker left the package on the table and left. 
Qiao Lian: … 
She looked at the package and couldn’t help giggling. 
This man, Shen Liangchuan, he’s so jealous. 
She shook her head, picked up her lunch and walked to the lounge. But just when she had set the table, Lu Nanze walked in. 
All the department staff turned to look at him, not daring to breathe a word. 
Qiao Lian looked at him with a silly and innocent grin. 
He was on the verge of saying something when he noticed the food on the table. He was surprised and asked, “You ordered takeout?” 
Qiao Lian immediately nodded. 
Her awkward smile eventually made Lu Nanze realize that this delivery must have been ordered by Shen Liangchuan. 
This was simply too much. 
It was hard enough to get an arrangement where he could get close to Qiao Lian at lunch time during office hours, but that Shen guy had to interfere. 
This was simply intolerable! 
Lu Nanze frowned with fury. He looked at Qiao Lian for a moment and narrowed his eyes. Suddenly, he walked over to the table and sat on her seat, saying, “This food doesn’t look too bad. I’ll eat it.” 
He picked up the chopsticks and, without another word, chomped through the food on the table till nothing was left. 
After he had eaten, he stood to his feet and looked at Qiao Lian. He said, “I’ve eaten your lunch, so now I’ll compensate you. Come with me.” 
Grabbing her by her wrist, he led her out of the office. 
Qiao Lian was stunned. 
She stared at the food containers on the table, which looked like it had been swept clean by a storm, and then looked at Lu Nanze again. 
He had, in five minutes, finished up all that food! Furthermore, when he was eating, he looked like he was doing it with a clenched jaw. It certainly didn’t look like he was eating lunch, it looked more like he was ripping Shen Liangchuan’s flesh apart. 
Qiao Lian grimaced. 
There was no food left. She couldn’t stay for lunch. She could only follow as Lu Nanze led them out of the office. 
They went to the parking lot, got into the car and drove to a private restaurant. 
They went to the same private room where they had had lunch yesterday. Different dishes were served this time, but they were still dishes that she loved. 
Qiao Lian looked at the spread and glanced at Lu Nanze. He softly said, “Hurry up and have some food.” 
She nodded, picked up her chopsticks and started eating. i?r． ?m
As she was eating, his cell phone rang. 
He frowned as he looked at the phone. He got to his feet and walked to the other side of the room to pick up the call. Qiao Lian could not hear the other party, but Lu Nanze sounded impatient and interrupted the caller with an icy reply, “Isn’t your throat sore from talking so much? Tell him that he can scram if he has no wish to collaborate! And in the future, he can forget about getting any projects in Suzhou. Spread the word among all the local Suzhou enterprises—don’t they dare!” 
Having said this, he hung up and turned around.
###Chapter 1137: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (13) 
Qiao Lian quickly lowered her head and pretended that she hadn’t heard a thing. She continued eating. 
But oddly, she found herself distracted. 
Lu Nanze had always been a quick and firm decision-maker, and he acted based on worldly wisdom. Among friends, he always defended his position. People pursued and feared him, and he had no particular patience with anything. 
But although this was the case, when he turned back to face Qiao Lian after hanging up, he went back to the calm demeanor he had had before the call, as though he had all the patience in the world for her. 
His style of working had always been to use force and suppression. Just like when he found out she was pregnant, he had thought of all ways and means to have the child aborted. 
But now, he seemed to have patience to have lunch with her and spend time with her. 
Seeing this side of Lu Nanze somehow caused her to feel a strange pain in her heart. 
If he kept being evil, perhaps she could stay cool-headed. 
But this sudden change in him made her feel a little cruel. 
She lowered her head and kept eating while she thought this. 
Actually, perhaps it was unfair to blame him for what had happened to her parents at that time. After all, he had only been nineteen years old and still a child. 
However, it so happened that the heavens had put them on the same side. 
Scenes of the years that had gone by flashed through her mind. 
She shook her head. 
What are you thinking, Qiao Lian
He is your enemy, how could you soften your heart
She immediately took a deep breath and tried to suppress the dull ache in her heart. She lowered her head and continued to eat. 
After taking a few mouthfuls of food, she suddenly heard a strange sound. 
She looked up immediately and saw that Lu Nanze had turned quite pale. His brow was tightly knitted and he looked ill. 
Qiao Lian was stunned and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Frowning, Lu Nanze answered after a pause, “The take-out you got… There was some crab roe in it. I’m allergic to seafood.” 
Qiao Lian was shocked by what he said. 
She sprang up from her seat and walked to Lu Nanze. She noticed that his lips were now looking worse than they did in the morning. 
Furthermore, tiny red spots had appeared around his neck. 
Qiao Lian: … 
So had Shen Liangchuan already thought of the possibility that Lu Nanze would eat that food when he ordered it? Hence, he had sneakily ordered some food that one couldn’t tell had crab roe in it. red. 
This guy was evil! 
She grimaced, quickly stood up and looked at Lu Nanze. She said, “Why don’t we quickly give Zhao Yang a call and get him to take you to the hospital?” 
Lu Nanze was feeling quite ill by now. He felt like there were 10 000 ants crawling all over him, all he wanted right now was a cold shower. 
He could only nod at Qiao Lian’s suggestion. 
Even though he was unwilling, he picked up the cell phone and dialed Zhao Yang’s number. 
Half an hour later, Zhao Yang arrived. Lu Nanze pointed at Qiao Lian and instructed, “Take her safely back to the office.” 
Zhao Yang nodded immediately. 
After this, Lu Nanze took a deep breath and left with Zhao Yang. 
After Qiao Lian had eaten, the chauffeur took her back to the office. 
Upon arriving at the office building, Qiao Lian got out of the car and was about to enter the building when she suddenly heard a voice from afar, calling her, “Qiao Lian?”
###Chapter 1138: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (14) 
Qiao Lian halted and spun around. She saw a middle-aged woman staring at her with an uncertain expression. 
When Qiao Lian turned around, the middle-aged woman’s eyes lit up immediately and she hurried over. She took Qiao Lian’s arm with one hand as she said, “It’s really you, Qiao Lian! You’re back? Where have you been all these years?” 
After saying this, she turned to the middle-aged man behind her and waved to him, yelling, “Qiao Zhigang, come over here quickly and look. It’s your niece Qiao Lian!” 
The middle-aged man was stunned and looked at her with an expression of disbelief. There was a simple honesty in his refined look and he shared similar features with Qiao Yi. It was her uncle and Qiao Yiyi’s father, Qiao Zhigang. 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back as the man hurried over to them. He held her arm as he exclaimed, “Xiao Lian! It’s really you! Xiao Lian! Where have you been all these years?! Did you know how hard I looked for you? If anything had happened to you, how would I ever face your father?” 
He looked at her up and down anxiously after saying this and continued, “You’ve grown taller and thinner. Where were you all these years? Have you been well? What about Qiao Yi? How is he? Did his legs recover?” 
Hearing this barrage of questions, Qiao Lian’s eyes reddened as she stood on the spot. 
Apart from Qiao Yi, he was probably the closest relative she had in this world. 
He was also the man that she and Qiao Yi had depended on the most after her parents had died. 
But what she had never expected was that he would scheme to get her into Lu Nanze’s bed, in order to curry favor with that man. 
At the time, she had only just turned eighteen. 
But her pride did not allow her to be given away like a gift. 
Besides, she needed a large sum of money to treat Qiao Yi’s legs. 
Every time she went to Qiao Zhigang for money, he would make it look like it put his family in a difficult position. 
But she knew that, although her uncle had not inherited the family estate, her father had given him a lot of money every year. 
When the Qiao family went broke, only her uncle’s family had been unaffected. 
They had a small villa and a car. 
Why couldn’t he have spared some money to have Qiao Yi treated
Clearly, he had been giving excuses. 
That was why she had left and taken Qiao Yi with her. 
In any case, even if they had kept staying with their family, they wouldn’t help get Qiao Yi treated. 
Looking now at this heartless couple, how Qiao Lian wished she could give them a tight slap across their faces! 
However, she couldn’t. 
She was supposed to have lost her memory and she had to pretend that she didn’t recognize them. 
But the anger that rose in her chest made it hard for her to breathe easily. She took another deep breath in an attempt to suppress her fury. With this effort, she managed to look puzzled as she spoke, “You are… ?” 
“We are your uncle and aunt.” 
Qiao Zhigang grabbed her wrist and said excitedly, “Qiao Lian, we’ve found you finally after all these years! This child, you ran away without a word at the time. Sigh.” 
That tone, oh, that tone. It was as if she was an ignorant runaway child. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and lowered her head, looking at Qiao Zhigang’s hand clenched around her wrist. 
Following this, she looked at them and said, “I don’t remember you. Will you please let go of my hand?” 
With an embarrassed expression, Qiao Zhigang let go of her.
###Chapter 1139: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (15) 
“Qiao Lian, since you’re back in Suzhou, why haven’t you come home to visit us? At the time, after your parents’ misfortune, you stayed with us for some time. You—” 
Qiao Lian sighed and said, “Look, I really do not remember you two. Erm… I have to go to work.” r?d.＆nbsp;cm
At these words, she walked around them, intending to leave. 
Her uncle was her relative, but she had decided that she was going to ignore them for the rest of her life. 
She didn’t wish to take revenge, because life shouldn’t be about living with hatred and punishing oneself. 
But unexpectedly, just as she had started to leave, Qiao Yiyi walked out of the office building. When she saw them, she approached them in a hurry immediately. Narrowing her eyes, she held Qiao Lian’s hand and slowly said, “Qiao Lian, my parents are here. Did you see them?” 
Qiao Lian frowned and looked at her hand. 
Surely, Qiao Yiyi wasn’t planning to harm her child in the public, in broad daylight
Qiao Lian eyed her guardedly. 
However, Qiao Yiyi brushed past Qiao Lian and walked up to Qiao Zhigang, saying, “Dad, Mom, why are the both of you here?” 
Qiao Zhigang sighed and said, “You’re feeling unwell, so you shouldn’t be eating as you please. Your mother and I cooked a few dishes and we’re here to deliver it to you.” 
Qiao Yiyi sighed at once. “That’s true. Whenever I see the food outside, I don’t feel like eating. I’ll feel nauseous and want to throw up.” 
“If you get strong reactions, then it’s clearly a baby boy!” 
Qiao Lian halted. She spun around, looked at Qiao Yiyi and stared at her belly in disbelief. 
Qiao Yiyi… was pregnant
So were they going through all the trouble just to have her know that Qiao Yiyi was pregnant
Her pupils shrank back as she saw Qiao Yiyi turn around to give her a knowing smile. 
It became clear that all of this had certainly been to tell her that she, Qiao Yiyi, was pregnant with Lu Nanze’s child. In other words, a message to Qiao Lian to leave. 
What a joke. 
Qiao Yiyi had been with Lu Nanze for so many years, it wasn’t a surprise that she was finally pregnant now. 
She turned and walked back into the office. 
After she entered the office building, Qiao Yiyi glanced back at her and asked her mother, “Mom, do you think she got the hint?” 
Her mother replied, “She should have gotten the hint. After all, didn’t you say that she’s pregnant too?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Dad Qiao stood by the side, looking at Qiao Lian as she walked back into the office building. For some strange reason, he felt that this niece, who he had trouble keeping under control years ago, had become even more impossible to control now. 
Would she really leave, even if she knew that Qiao Yiyi was carrying Lu Nanze’s child
Qiao Zhigang frowned. 
– 
There was not much work to do in the afternoon. 
Qiao Lian did a short livestream and received a call from Prince out of the blue. “Hey, Love Chuan, when will you be coming to the club to join us for training?” 
Qiao Lian: … 
This Prince, he was becoming addicted to lying. 
She grimaced and was about to speak when Prince continued, “I hear that you’ve gone to the headquarters to work. That’s great. How about everyone in our team club goes to the headquarters to work too, and join you? Would that be good enough?” 
Qiao Lian paled at once when she heard these words. She tried to get more information, “Do you mean that PC Team is part of the Lu family business?” 
Prince said as a matter of course, “That’s right, didn’t you already know? The boss of PC Team is Mr. Lu! The national finals in Shanghai are just around the corner. You’d better come and train with us when you have some time.”
###Chapter 1140: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (16) 
The grand final in Shanghai. Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank as she remembered! 
When she left Beijing, CQ had intensively been training because the grand final in Shanghai was in ten days. 
CQ had even done some research and found out that the participants of this Shanghai event were highly-skilled players from all over the country. 
And PC Team happened to be last year’s champion. 
As CQ Team’s coach and a friend of Zombie Leader and the rest, how could she possibly betray PC Team
Besides, she didn’t want to resort to unorthodox means to sneak into PC Team. 
However, it wasn’t as though she could decline it at this point. 
Because if she didn’t join the club, it would mean that she knew this club was fake, and it may arouse Lu Nanze’s suspicion that she was pretending to have lost her memory. 
She bit her lip, all of a sudden finding herself in a situation where she just had to go with the flow. 
Even though they had come this far, having a competitive team would always remain a shared dream and aspiration of Shen Liangchuan and her. 
Prince spoke again at the other end of the line, “Hey, Love Chuan, why aren’t you saying anything? Let’s decide on this then. I’ll take the team members to the office tomorrow! I’ll call Mr. Lu later to ask him to prepare us a room for training.” 
Then Prince hung up. 
Qiao Lian did not speak a word. 
From the looks of it, Prince and Lu Nanze were closely acquainted. 
Hence for sure, Prince did not know about the relationship between Lu Nanze and her. 
She frowned. 
As Qiao Lian left the building after work in the evening, she spotted Shen Liangchuan’s car parked by the road. 
She hastened her steps. The moment she came up to the car, she suddenly heard a voice behind her, “Qiao Lian.” 
She paused slightly and turned around to see Qiao Zhigang standing there. 
She frowned and paused again, before asking, “Why are you here?” 
The man sighed and started, “Qiao Lian, are you still holding a grudge against me? There are a few things I have to say. Otherwise, I won’t be able to get over this obstacle in my heart. I would also not be able to face your father in the afterlife.” 
Qiao Lian replied, “I don’t feel like we have much to discuss.” 
“So you don’t wish to know how your parents died?” 
Her pupils shrank when she heard those words. She took a step forward and asked, “What do you mean?” 
Qiao Zhigang glanced to the side and said, “Let’s speak over there, ok?” 
Shen Liangchuan was in the car, so Qiao Zhigang wanted to go to a quiet spot. She nodded and followed the man to the suggested spot. 
Eyeing Qiao Zhigang steadily, she said, “I can’t remember things from the past, so I’d like to hear what you have to say.” 
Qiao Zhigang sighed again and started, “When that jerry-built building project happened, your parents were implicated. It sullied the reputation of the Qiao family as a whole. At the time, our family really did not have the money. You have to understand, the house and car were basic necessities, I still had to work to feed the family and could not spend the money for Qiao Yi’s treatment. I hope you don’t hold this against us, ok?” 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and said, “Is there anything else you wish to say?” 
Had he asked her to talk just to listen to this hypocritical talk
Or was he just trying to use this as a guise, to test if she had really lost her memory
Well, she was not going to show it. 
Observing her response, Qiao Zhigang continued, “Do you know the truth behind that jerry-built building project?”
###Chapter 1141: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (17) 
“There was no reason at all to doubt my brother, or your mother. At the time, everyone said that the building had collapsed because low-quality materials were used, and the reason for this was that your parents had embezzled the company funds. But you and I know better, because that money really didn’t exist.” 
At this point, Qiao Zhigang looked at her and continued, “But did you know this? After the Qiao Family went broke, the Lu family rose in stature and has grown to become the leader of the industry in Suzhou. Furthermore, I once heard from Elder Brother that part of the materials he had used for the building were recommended by the Lu Family. After all, the Lu family was very experienced in this field… Xiao Lian, I know you’ve always been a smart girl. You understand what I’m trying to say, right?” 
Qiao Lian frowned. After a moment, she shook her head and said, “I can’t remember anything from the past! But your daughter is pregnant with Lu Nanze’s child, why didn’t you ask her to stay away from him?” 
“Do you think that by telling me this I will keep a distance from Lu Nanze? You’re dreaming!” 
Qiao Zhigang frowned and cried, “Xiao Lian!” 
Qiao Lian smirked coldly and said, “I’m quite sure that we weren’t on very good terms, because when I see you, I don’t feel any affection. So I won’t believe what you’ve said. Goodbye.” 
As she turned and was about to walk away, Qiao Zhigang sighed and said, “Xiao Lian, your elder sister is pregnant! She is pregnant with Lu Nanze’s child, so why can’t you just let her have Lu Nanze?” 
Qiao Lian frowned upon hearing this. 
She turned and looked at Qiao Zhigang. 
After all he had told her, this was probably the main reason that he was here for. 
Qiao Lian smiled icily and, for some strange reason, felt a sudden urge to make fun of him. 
Hence, she frowned and put her hands on her abdomen. She said, “I wish I could help, but you do know something?” 
Qiao Zhigang looked at her with a serious expression on his face. 
Qiao Lian whispered, “Let me tell you, Lu Nanze said that this child I’m carrying is his.” 
Qiao Zhigang’s expression immediately changed when he heard these words. 
Looking at him, Qiao Lian continued, “So Uncle, if you’re really my uncle and she’s my elder cousin, then why not let me have Lu Nanze? After all, she is older and I’m her little sister, am I not?” 
Qiao Zhigang was flabbergasted. 
Feeling exuberant, Qiao Lian turned to get into the car, smiling. 
Once in the car, she was crestfallen. 
Her eyes at once turned gloomy. 
This afternoon, she had felt guilty and ashamed for pretending to get close to Lu Nanze. 
Now she could be sure. The Lu family had been behind all of this, causing her parents to lose both their reputation and standing. 
So she had to think of a way to restore her parents’ reputation. 
As she thought about this, she felt increasingly better about herself. 
– 
The next day, when Shen Liangchuan took Qiao Lian to work, they discovered that Lu Nanze was nowhere to be seen. 
Could it be that he had had a serious allergic reaction yesterday
Qiao Lian was puzzling over this as she walked into the caster’s office. While she sat there, not doing very much, her cell phone suddenly rang. Picking up the call, she heard Lu Nanze’s voice coming through, “Qiao Lian, I’m at home on a drip today and can’t go to work. But there’s an important document in my office, can you bring it to me?” 
Qiao Lian’s eyes suddenly widened and lit up when she heard this. 
Wouldn’t this be the perfect chance to boldly walk into his office and locate that account book from years ago?
###Chapter 1142: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (18) 
While Qiao Lian was stunned into speechlessness, Lu Nanze began to get nervous. He cleared his throat and said slowly, “Qiao Lian, it’s not too much if your boss asks you to bring a document to him, is it?” 
Not too much. Of course it wasn’t too much! This “too much” was exactly what she so desperately needed. 
“Besides, I’m suffering this allergy because of you, so you really shouldn’t decline.” 
Qiao Lian wondered if Lu Nanze thought that she wasn’t keen on going. 
How could she possibly not want to
She immediately said, “It’s not a problem, shall I get the document from your office?” 
“Uh huh.” 
Lu Nanze said this slowly and it was followed by a detailed description of where the document was placed. Finally he said, “I’ve called Zhao Yang and he’s waiting for you downstairs now. Go downstairs once you’ve got the document.” 
“Oh, so how do I get into your office?” 
“Your keycard is able to unlock all the doors in the office.” 
Qiao Lian was stunned. 
So did it mean that the card she was holding in her hand was an extremely important one
Did Lu Nanze really put so much trust in her
As soon as this thought flashed past her mind, she abandoned it. 
She hung up, took her keycard and walked out of the room. 
Just as she stepped out, she saw Qiao Yiyi walking in. 
As a female caster, she was now working in the headquarters as well. Upon seeing Qiao Lian, her pupils shrank back at once. She said, “Where are you going?” 
Qiao Lian raised an eyebrow and replied, “I don’t think I have to report my movements to you?” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and said, “Qiao Lian, don’t go thinking that you can get away with being this arrogant just because Second Brother favorites you. You think you can justify not being at your desk during working hours?” 
Qiao Lian tilted her head and smirked, “I’m sorry, am I really that arrogant? Why? You can’t stand it? Go tell Second Brother then!” 
She snorted and immediately headed for the door. Qiao Yiyi, however, quickly followed behind. 
She halted and gave Qiao Yiyi a questioning look. “What are you doing?” 
The woman gave her a cold smile and said, “I’m doing whatever you’re doing. Do you mean the company allows you to go anywhere but doesn’t allow me to follow?” 
Qiao Lian raised an eyebrow and said, “It’s up to you.” 
After saying this, she entered the Director’s elevator. 
Qiao Yiyi was about to step in too, when Qiao Lian extended her hand and said, “Ms. Qiao, if you wish to get into this lift, please swipe your keycard.” 
“You- What right do you have?” 
“My rights are granted through my keycard, and I will not let you use my keycard. If you can, go and get yourself one from Second Brother!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
She was so envious that she was now on the verge of going berserk. 
What right
She had dedicated herself to Second Brother for so many years, but she did not even have an all-access keycard for the office. Yet Qiao Lian had one the minute she came in. 
This was unfair, too unfair! 
She bit her lip at this thought and took out her card. Then she pressed the lift button of the level below the penthouse. 
The door of the elevator slid close, shutting out Qiao Yiyi’s furious face as she was left stranded. 
Qiao Lian frowned as she thought about Qiao Yiyi’s behavior. 
How could she possibly allow that woman to follow her to the penthouse
If Qiao Yiyi discovered what she was up to, then there would be big trouble. 
At this thought, she narrowed her eyes and looked at the elevator’s panel, showing the ascending numbers. Very shortly, she arrived at the penthouse. 
The secretary obviously knew that Qiao Lian was coming, hence she allowed her entry to Lu Nanze’s office.
###Chapter 1143: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (19) 
This wasn’t Qiao Lian’s first visit to Lu Nanze’s office. 
The room was deafeningly silent. The secretary respectfully sat outside the office, not daring to enter without good reason. 
Qiao Lian looked around the room and found Lu Nanze’s document in one of the drawers. 
She peered at the secretary by the doorway. At this point, she saw the junior secretary getting onto her feet and walking away, as though something had come up. 
She found herself alone, with no one watching her. 
It was divine intervention! 
This would be the time. 
She quickly opened the second drawer and searched. Nothing. Then, looking at the third drawer, she opened it and searched. No luck either. 
There were important documents in the drawers that were unrelated to what she was after. 
She straightened up and looked around. Suddenly, her gaze fell on a picture. 
She discreetly moved to the door and shut it. Turning, she looked around to ensure there were no surveillance cameras in the office. Then she walked to the picture, reached out and swung it to the side. At once, she saw a safe. 
Indeed. 
Lu Nanze had no imagination. This was too easy to find. 
Except, what was the passcode to open the safe
Staring at it, she thought for a while and entered Lu Nanze’s birth date. 
Unfortunately, an error message came up. 
She was left with three more attempts. 
Biting her lip, she entered his mother’s birth date. Wrong again. ?аd. 
Qiao Lian frowned and followed with entering his father’s birth date, but that also didn’t work. 
She was down to her final attempt. 
Qiao Lian knew that if she got this wrong again, then there was every possibility that the safe would trigger a police alert. 
Right now, she was on a street with a dead end. 
If she continued, she could lose the gamble. But if she didn’t try, she may never get another chance to be in his office alone. 
She took a deep breath at this thought. 
Narrowing her eyes, she extended her finger towards the keypad and entered her own birth date. Finally! 
Click. 
The safe was unlocked. 
Shocked by the situation herself, Qiao Lian stared at the safe in disbelief. 
The passcode for the safe… was her birth date
She hesitated as she looked down at her hand. 
Lu Nanze’s passcode was actually her birth date. 
The surprise from the discovery left her stunned for a while. 
She couldn’t tell how much time had elapsed before she suddenly heard a commotion outside the office. 
At once, she heard the secretary’s voice saying, “Ms. Qiao, you can’t go in there.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s tone was unrelenting as she argued, “Why? She can go in there! So why can’t I? Do you know who I am? I’m pregnant with Second Brother’s child. Get out of the way. If you dare to stop me, then you’ll have to lay your hands on my stomach first.” 
Qiao Lian snapped out of her dazed state when she heard this. Immediately, she started to rummage through the safe. 
No luck. 
Still no luck… 
Don’t panic, it must be buried deeper. 
Deeper. Qiao Lian suddenly thought of something. She looked inside and saw a little box. 
Her eyes lit up as she reached in for it. At the same time, Qiao Yiyi’s voice rang out, “Get out of the way, let me in!” 
Then the door flew open.
###Chapter 1144: She’s Carrying Lu Nanze’s Child (20) 
Qiao Yiyi felt uneasy about Qiao Lian. 
She felt that her recent appearance in the company was odd. 
And now she actually had access to the penthouse to enter Lu Nanze’s office. 
Second Brother wasn’t at work today, so what was she up to, going into his office
It was this thought that had compelled her to climb the emergency stairs from the floor below and access the penthouse. At that moment, it had been her pounding on the emergency door that had alarmed the secretary, who walked over, giving a window of opportunity to Qiao Lian. 
The junior secretary had not intended to open the door for her initially, but under repeated threats and cajoling from Qiao Yiyi, she finally gave in. 
At once, Qiao Yiyi tried to charge into the office. 
The secretary did not dare to allow this and stopped her at once. 
However, Qiao Yiyi had used her abdomen to force a clear path, given that the junior secretary didn’t dare to lay hands on her. The thought of harming Mr. Lu’s child was inconceivable. 
The same went for the bodyguards, of course, and even more so. Hence, Qiao Yiyi was able to charge her way through these people and had now thrown open the office door. 
When the door flew open, Qiao Yiyi was stunned by what she saw in the room. 
Because Qiao Lian was now sitting on the sofa, looking through a photo album on Lu Nanze’s desk. 
The woman surveyed the rest of the room quickly and saw that everything was in place. It was only then that her focus returned to Qiao Lian. Smiling coldly, she said, “What are you doing here exactly?” 
Qiao Lian raised her gaze with an indifferent expression and waved the junior secretary off, who had dashed into the room with Qiao Yiyi. She added, “You may leave now, we’ll be fine.” 
That Qiao Yiyi had lost favor was something that everyone in the office could see. 
In the past, Qiao Yiyi had been the only woman who had any sort of relationship with Mr. Lu, even if it was clear to everyone that it was Qiao Yiyi who kept sucking up to him. 
But now, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Lu Nanze absolutely infatuated with Qiao Lian. 
The junior secretary could see that Mr. Lu couldn’t wait to spend every minute he had with Qiao Lian, which told her that Qiao Lian was the one that Mr. Lu liked. 
So the minute Qiao Lian said this, she nodded respectfully at once and said, “Sure, Ms. Qiao. Please feel free to call me if any situation arises.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. ?a. 
The secretary left the room and shut the door behind her. 
Qiao Yiyi eyed Qiao Lian guardedly, with one hand on her stomach. As she stared at her, feelings of insane jealousy raged and built up within her. 
When she had been with Second Brother in the past, those people had never been this obedient. 
But the way that the junior secretary was treating Qiao Lian was as though Qiao Lian was the lady boss. It was an eyesore to watch. 
She started to try and make things difficult for Qiao Lian. “Qiao Lian, what do you want exactly? Could it be that you haven’t lost your memory?” 
After she had said this, Qiao Lian stood up slowly and calmly. Holding the document in her hand, she said at once, “Don’t you know? Lu Nanze asked me to take this to his house, so what are you doing exactly?” 
Delivering a document
Qiao Yiyi was flabbergasted as she stared at the document. 
What sort of document was it that he needed Qiao Lian to bring it to him? it was Lu Nanze’s obvious excuse to see her. 
As Qiao Yiyi frowned, Qiao Lian slowly and calmly walked past her and left the office. Then the door shut with a loud bang.
###Chapter 1145: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (1) 
Qiao Lian’s expression changed the moment she walked out of the office. 
She looked ahead steadily and, after a moment, her expression softened. 
Following this, she walked into the elevator and went down to the car. 
By the time she arrived at the Lu family villa, she looked calm. 
The housekeeper from the Lu family greeted her respectfully as she got out of the car. 
Qiao Lian walked into the house with a broad smile, looking here and there. 
The more she looked, the colder her expression became. 
Because the entire villa looked completely different now from a few years ago. 
In the past, the Lu family had ranked third or fourth among the great families and their villa had not been as grand as the Qiao family’s. 
But now… 
The Lu family villa had grown to occupy a large area of land, and many of the buildings within the estate were new. There were many facilities and there was even a big garden on the back. 
All of this had appeared after tragedy struck the Qiao family. 
The Lu family was making a lot of money every day, they lived in luxury and drove expensive cars, but what about the Qiao family
After the tragedy, she and her brother had gone through extreme hardships. 
Her expression was cold as she stepped into the living room. She saw Lu Nanze sitting on the sofa with a drip. 
His eyes lit up when he saw Qiao Lian and immediately pointed at the seat opposite. “Take a seat.” 
This was the original building of the Lu family villa. It hadn’t changed much from before. 
Qiao Lian looked around as Lu Nanze spoke, “Is this place in any way familiar to you?” 
Qiao Lian raised her eyebrows and nodded at once. “It’s a little familiar, it feels like I’ve been here before. But the gardens outside, why don’t they feel familiar at all?” 
Lu Nanze explained, “Those were built later. But don’t you feel anything particularly familiar?” 
Something familiar
The interior of the house had not changed much
What else was there
Qiao Lian was mystified and frowned. Seeing this, disappointment came over Lu Nanze’s expression, but he very quickly looked optimistic again and said, “You told me once that you would like a river running through your garden. Did you see that little river in the garden when you came in?” 
Qiao Lian was stumped for a moment. 
Then she remembered. It seemed like she had said something like that a long time ago. 
But that had only been her daydreaming. 
She hadn’t thought that Lu Nanze would make that a reality in his own home. 
Lu Nanze continued, “So, Qiao Lian, I’ve built our home. When do you intend to divorce that guy Shen and move in with me
Qiao Lian: …!!! 
She looked up at Lu Nanze in astonishment. 
There was still a red rash on his face and neck, and his lips were still swollen. 
But when he said this, he sounded extremely serious. There was a barely detectable grief underlying his words. 
Qiao Lian fell silent. 
She stood there steadily, not knowing what to say. 
When was she going to divorce Shen Liangchuan
That was impossible. 
And it was even more impossible that she would move in with Lu Nanze. 
At this thought, she opened her mouth to speak but Lu Nanze suddenly interrupted her with a laugh, saying, “I’m just teasing you. Look at how pale you’ve turned. Alright, did you bring the document?” 
Qiao Lian snapped back to reality as his words reminded her why she was there. She quickly placed the document on the coffee table. 
Then she got on her feet and got ready to leave. “Here’s the document. If there’s nothing else, I’ll leave now.”
###Chapter 1146: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (2) 
“You’re leaving right now?” Lu Nanze sounded a little hurt. “You’ve rushed all the way here to bring me this document, so I should buy you lunch to reward your effort, don’t you think?” 
Qiao Lian: … 
“I’ve asked the housekeeper to cook today. They know my taste, so there won’t be crab roe for sure.” 
Qiao Lian insisted, “I like crab roe!” 
“You’re pregnant. It’s better to eat less of that.” 
What more could she say
If she insisted on leaving in a hurry, that may arouse his suspicion. 
At this thought, Qiao Lian looked at the time. It was 11:30 a.m., lunch time. 
The food couldn’t possibly be poisoned. 
Hence, she walked to the dining area. 
At the same time, Lu Nanze also went there with his drip and sat at the table. He looked at Qiao Lian as she ate, picking out food every now and then and placing it in her bowl. Then he continued to stare at her. 
She found the gawking intolerable and it became impossible to eat. Placing her chopsticks back on the table, she asked, “Why are you looking at me?” 
“Looking at how beautiful you are.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
“Qiao Lian, you’ve grown more beautiful over the years.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
“Qiao Lian, do you remember we said we’d go to the same university? Which university did you go to in the end?” 
She replied, “… I don’t remember.” 
She wouldn’t be so easily tricked into saying the wrong thing. 
At this point, her cell phone rang. 
She quickly picked up the call and heard Shen Liangchuan’s voice on the other end. “Qiao Lian, Mom is here. Can you take a leave this afternoon and come home?” 
Her eyes lit up at once and she replied, “Alright, I’ll be home in a while.” 
After hanging up, she said to Lu Nanze, “It seems my mother-in-law is here, so I have to hurry home.” 
Having said this, she stood up and got ready to leave. 
Lu Nanze, however, grabbed her hand and said, “Qiao Lian, I’m feeling unwell and you don’t even care? I’m not going to let you leave then, even if your mother-in-law is here.” 
Qiao Lian was stunned for a moment. How could she have forgotten that Lu Nanze was her boss
However… 
She sighed and said, “Look, I’ve cheated on her son, shouldn’t I at least keep up appearances? I feel terribly conscious and guilty about Shen Liangchuan.” 
Lu Nanze’s eyes brightened at once when he heard these words. 
Only when one couldn’t be another person would they feel guilty. 
Hence, it seemed like Qiao Lian was beginning to take to himself? She wanted to leave Shen Liangchuan to be with him
This hint extremely delighted Lu Nanze and he broke into a smile. “Fine, but you have to come to work tomorrow.” 
“No problem.” 
“Shall I get someone to take you home?” 
“Oh, no, no, it would be hard for me to explain if someone took me home. I feel that we should avoid doing anything that would arouse suspicion!” 
When Lu Nanze heard the phrases “hard for me to explain” and “avoid doing anything that would arouse suspicion,” he was even more delighted and immediately granted her request. 
Qiao Lian secretly sighed in relief, put on her coat and headed out of the house. 
After exiting the house and as she was about to walk ahead, she suddenly heard a car honk sound from that direction. 
She halted in surprise when she saw the car window rolling down and Shen Liangchuan’s scowling face emerging from within. 
Tensed and stressed since the moment she had entered Lu Nanze’s office, it was at this point that she finally found relief. 
She took a deep breath, looked left and right, and got into the car without another word.
###Chapter 1147: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (3) 
The car slowly drove away from the neighborhood. Shen Liangchuan’s finally spoke, “Don’t be scared.” 
Qiao Lian’s head spun around. It was only then she realized that her fear was so apparent. 
She sighed in relief again and then looked around in the car. “Mom is here?” 
“No.” 
“So you—” 
“I saw that you had entered the Lu family villa with trepidation and I was worried that you’d let the cat out of the bag. It’s just an excuse to get you out of there.” 
She continued to heave sighs of relief. 
After this, he continued, “But I did just book Mom a ticket and she’ll fly in about an hour. She should get here in about four to five hours.” 
“So,” Qiao Lian thought, “they were going all out for pretending?” 
Indeed. 
Otherwise, what if Lu Nanze got suspicious
After all, it would be easy to find out if Shen Liangchuan’s mother had never been to Suzhou. 
Qiao Lian once again sighed in relief silently, thankful that Shen Liangchuan was such a meticulous person. 
At this point, Shen Liangchuan asked, “Did you get your hands on it?” 
An odd expression immediately crossed Qiao Lian’s face. 
When she did the thorough search of the safe, there had been no signs of the account book. But she had seen a very well hidden box that had obviously been kept in good condition. 
She had picked up that box, initially thinking that the account book was in it, but unexpectedly, when she opened it, she found… 
She frowned and stopped short at this thought. 
She stared ahead in a slight daze and said after a moment, “The account book wasn’t in the safe. I’ve searched all of his office and I couldn’t find it there.” 
She sounded terribly disappointed. 
If she had been successful in locating the account book today, then everything would have been fine. 
But now… r. o
Shen Liangchuan said, as these thoughts were running through her mind, “It’s not surprising that you didn’t manage to find it.” 
She paused and looked at him in disbelief. 
Casting his gaze down for a moment, he then explained, “If I were him, I wouldn’t have kept the account book. That is a dark spot of the Lu family’s history and also proof of their part in smearing the Qiao family. Keeping a time bomb would be a death wish, wouldn’t it?” 
Qiao Lian frowned immediately at this idea. “You mean, he must already have destroyed the account book?” 
He shook his head at her conclusion. 
After a pause, he said, “If the account book had been destroyed, then why didn’t that accountant dare to return from Hainan? My guess is that someone else has the accounts book.” 
He explained as he navigated the car, “He has been vigilant about this whole matter because someone else has the account book and uses it to threaten him. And all of these years, there has been only one person he has indulged.” 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at Qiao Lian after saying this. 
Suddenly, Qiao Lian saw a light. “You’re saying it’s… Qiao Yiyi?” 
“That’s right.” 
He sighed after saying this and looked at Qiao Lian, who was already in a daze. 
She had always thought that her uncle’s family had never gotten along with her because of Qiao Yiyi. 
But if the account book was in Qiao Yiyi’s hands, then what role had her uncle Qiao Zhigang played in the bankruptcy of the Qiao family business
In that very moment, a chill ran down her spine, making her shudder involuntarily.
###Chapter 1148: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (4) 
Qiao Lian stared blankly ahead. 
A wave of fear and trepidation washed over her, as a chilling thought flashed through her mind. 
But the next moment, she started to feel that maybe it was just a wild guess. 
When the Qiao family business collapsed, the Qiao family as a whole was impacted. Only her uncle’s family seemed untouched. 
But then again, she had always been the one who understood Lu Nanze more than anyone else. He would never be this tolerant towards someone he didn’t like. 
Qiao Yiyi was a dull person to say the least. That Lu Nanze would put up with her for eight years was a miracle. 
Initially, she had thought that Lu Nanze really liked Qiao Yiyi, but now it looked like… 
Qiao Lian knitted her brow immediately. If Qiao Zhigang did indeed have a hand in this matter, then she was not going to let him off. 
She sighed deeply at these thoughts. “What do we do now? Ask for the accounts book from Qiao Yiyi?” 
The problem was that surely, she wouldn’t hand it over. 
Shen Liangchuan continued driving and looking ahead. He said after another pause, “Don’t make any rash moves, in case it alerts anyone. We need to do some detailed planning in this matter.” 
He turned to glance at Qiao Lian and then looked straight ahead again. “Don’t panic. Nothing is too difficult. There will be a way.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan’s steady voice reassured her that she wasn’t fighting alone. It gave her a security that she had never known before. 
After they returned home, they pored over the details of what they had to do next. 
Four hours later, there was a knock on their front door. 
The next second, Xia Yehua burst into the house. 
The moment she entered, she ran towards Qiao Lian with her arms up and said like a spoiled child, “Xiao Qiao, I’m overjoyed! Come and let me give you a hug!” 
Qiao Lian laughed helplessly when she saw Xia Yehua’s reaction. She extended her arms and was about to give Xia Yehua a hug, when suddenly she felt a firm grip on her shoulder. At once, Shen Liangchuan stepped forward and stood himself between the two women. “Mom.” 
Xia Yehua waved him off, saying, “Hey, go away. My little Qiao Qiao, I haven’t seen her for the longest time, hurry up and come over here. Let me see if you’ve lost weight?” 
Then she turned around and grabbed Qiao Lian. After taking a good look at her, she exclaimed in surprise, “Xiao Qiao, shouldn’t you have gotten thinner after leaving us? Why have you put on weight instead?” 
Qiao Lian: …! 
Put on weight
Had she really put on weight
Distracted at once, Qiao Lian lowered her head and looked at her body. Then she pinched her face a couple of times and looked at Shen Liangchuan curiously, asking, “Have I put on weight?” 
He coughed once and replied, “Not that bad.” 
Not that bad. 
That meant she really had put on weight. 
Sob, sob, sob. 
Just as she was sobbing secretly in her heart, Xia Yehua said, “Now you look about right. You were too skinny before. You will need our help with getting some vitamins. Alright, where are we exactly? Was this your home? Xiao Qiao, aren’t you going to show me around and tell me where I’ll be sleeping?” 
Hearing this, Qiao Lian snapped from her daze. She showed Xia Yehua upstairs and took her to the guest room. 
That night, as Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan were lying in bed discussing how they should deal with Qiao Yiyi, he suddenly turned towards her and gestured to her to keep silent. 
The moment she halted and fell silent, the two of them head light moving feet in the hallway. 
Qiao Lian was stunned at once 
Could it be that Lu Nanze had planted a spy in the household so as to keep an eye on them?
###Chapter 1149: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (5) 
The moment this idea struck, she held her breath and became alert. She nodded at Shen Liangchuan at once. 
The two of them got out of bed quietly and noiselessly tiptoed to the door. 
Qiao Lian took a deep breath, looked at Shen Liangchuan and made an OK gesture with her hand. 
He nodded. 
The next moment… 
Shen Liangchuan threw the door open, Qiao Lian jumped to the side and the two of them stuck their heads out simultaneously to look! 
If Lu Nanze had really planted a spy, then that person would appear right before their eyes now. 
But… 
They had not expected that the person who was outside the door eavesdropping on them was in fact… Xia Yehua
Xia Yehua was thoroughly embarrassed too and had a shocked expression on her face. When she saw them, she grimaced. Quickly, in the fashion of a crying thief, she said, “How come the both of you are still not asleep at this hour?” 
Shen Liangchuan and Qiao Lian exchanged a glance. Shen Liangchuan turned to Xia Yehua and asked, “Mom, why aren’t you asleep?” 
Xia Yehua stammered, “Oh- that- I- erm- I came to tell you that… I’m about to go to bed.” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Qiao Lian: … 
Having said that, Xia Yehua waved at them and said, “So I’m off to bed now.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She smiled and nodded. Then Xia Yehua suddenly turned around at looked at Shen Liangchuan, saying, “Aren’t you going to accompany me back to my bedroom?” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
She stared at the short distance between the two rooms. It was only two meters. 
She wanted Shen Liangchuan to accompany her back to her room
Qiao Lian lowered her head, finding Mom Xia immensely funny. What sort of secret message did she have for Shen Liangchuan that she had to come up with such an excuse
She turned to look at the man and nodded at him. 
Shen Liangchuan himself had already realized his mother’s intentions, hence he walked over to her with a helpless sigh. 
– 
Xia Yehua took Shen Liangchuan with her into the guest room. 
The moment they entered the room, Xia Yehua quickly shut the door behind them. Following this, she turned to Shen Liangchuan and asked, “Are things between you and Xiao Qiao sorted out
“Yes, things are fine now,” Shen Liangchuan replied. 
“You’re lying! If things are fine, then why didn’t you… do that?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned. “Do what?” 
“Urgh. You know, being intimate! Were you two so quiet about it that I couldn’t hear a thing or weren’t you really doing it?” 
Shen Liangchuan: … !! 
So Xia Yehua had eavesdropped because she wanted to know if the two of them were back together for real. 
He was speechless. 
As he turned around to leave the room, Xia Yehua held him back by his arm and said, “I’m telling you, now that you’ve found Xiao Qiao, don’t you dare keep me in the dark and put up an act with her. She’s my daughter-in-law, so don’t try playing any tricks, understand?” 
Shen Liangchuan was flabbergasted. “Mom, are you really my mom or her mom?” 
Speechless with exasperation, he left Xia Yehua’s room and returned to the master bedroom. He saw that Qiao Lian was lying in bed. 
She was fast asleep. 
It seemed like she was excessively sleepy ever since she got pregnant. 
But at the same time, she was worried about her parents’ issue. This was causing her plenty of additional effort during her pregnancy. 
His gaze fell on her abdomen. 
Noticing that it was still rather flat, the corners of his mouth turned upwards into a faint smile. 
This was their baby.
###Chapter 1150: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (6) 
Qiao Lian slept all the way through till day broke. 
After a languid stretch and washing up, she walked out of her room and saw that Xia Yehua was in the dining room preparing breakfast for her. 
“Mom,” she called as a morning greeting and walked over to the woman. n?ea. 
After breakfast, she left the house with Shen Liangchuan. 
On her way to work, Shen Liangchuan said calmly, “Let’s not tell Mom about your pregnancy for now.” 
Qiao Lian understood his intentions at once. 
Shen Liangchuan was concerned that Xia Yehua would to the pregnant Qiao Lian endangering herself under the guise of having lost her memory. 
If that happened, it could very well strain the relationship between the two women. 
Qiao Lian nodded and said, “Ok, I understand.” 
Upon arriving at the office building, Qiao Lian parted with Shen Liangchuan most reluctantly. The receptionist greeted her very politely when she walked into the office. She smiled broadly, waved back and then headed to the caster’s department. 
Just as she was stepping in, she suddenly heard a commotion at the door. 
She halted and turned around. Lu Nanze strode in. 
He looked gloomy and very serious. She noticed that he had not fully recovered from the allergic reaction. He headed straight for the elevator. 
As he was walking quickly, he did not see Qiao Lian, who was just around the corner. 
She frowned when she observed his tense expression. 
Had something significant happened
Why did he look so frantic
Shaking her head, Qiao Lian continued her way into the office. In the office, she saw that a few casters had gathered around the resting area and were having a casual chat. 
Qiao Yiyi was sitting in the midst of this group, staring straight ahead. 
One of the casters instigated, “Sister Yiyi, the fact is you’ve been here for many years. What has that study girl done to deserve challenging your position?” 
“Indeed, isn’t it only because she scored with the director? She’s got youth on her side now. Let’s see how long she can stay this arrogant.” 
“Exactly, Sister Yiyi, that Love Chuan isn’t even qualified. Why should she deserve all the resources in the company? But fortunately, there’s fairness for once. You’ve been given the opportunity for the caster exchange.” 
Their words only fueled her anger. 
Qiao Yiyi felt even gloomier now. 
What did they mean by fortunately? The opportunity had been hers to begin with. 
She sprang up from her seat and shouted, “Enough, shut up, all of you!” 
Everyone jumped in fright and fell silent looking at her, puzzled by her outburst. 
She frowned and started walking away. But the moment she turned, she saw Qiao Lian. 
Her eyes narrowed at once, and she stared at the other woman as though she was going to devour her. 
Qiao Lian raised an eyebrow and, without saying a word, walked right past her. 
Then, the moment Qiao Yiyi stepped out of the caster’s office, she deliberately approached the general manager and asked, “That caster exchange opportunity that I rejected, who’s doing it instead now?” 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists tightly at once when she heard this. With a scowl and cold snort, she stormed out of the door. 
Looking at her back, Qiao Lian smirked coldly. 
After spending some time brainstorming with Shen Liangchuan, they had thought that the only way to make her use the account book would be to provoke her to the point that her relationship with Lu Nanze completely broke down. 
Only then would Qiao Yiyi want to take revenge on Lu Nanze. She would use the account book to threaten him, or even to prosecute him.
###Chapter 1151: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (7) 
So now, what Qiao Lian needed to do was to provoke Qiao Yiyi. 
Although she felt it was an extremely meaningless undertaking. 
Seeing that Qiao Yiyi had left, her expression softened as she walked to the side and sat down quietly. 
Shortly after this, she heard gossip. 
“Hey, have you guys heard? It’s frightening up there in the penthouse!” 
“What’s the matter?” 
“Mr. Lu is furious.” 
“Isn’t Director Lu always furious?” 
“What do you know? Director Lu seldom beams with joy. Normally, if you make a mistake, he doesn’t say much, but this time he blew his top in his penthouse office. Now everyone upstairs is nervous as hell, afraid of even speaking.” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank at once as she paid attention to the people talking. 
“What’s the matter? What happened that made Director Lu rush into the office so early in the morning?” 
“That’s right. Isn’t Director Lu feeling unwell?” 
One of them looked around cautiously before saying in a low voice, “My aunt’s cousin’s niece works in the secretary’s department in the penthouse. I’ve just sneaked upstairs to ask. Guess what?” 
“Someone broke into the penthouse and something got stolen!” 
At those words, everyone in the room sucked in their breath sharply. 
“Damn! Is that true?” 
“That’s right, it can’t possibly be. That’s the penthouse! How did that happen?” 
“Inconceivable, isn’t it? Let me tell you something even more inconceivable! Actually, they don’t know when the break-in happened. It’s only that this morning, when the assistant went in to do some cleaning, he noted the safe behind a picture had been opened by someone.” 
Sitting in a corner, Qiao Lian’s head snapped up when she heard this. She looked in their direction in disbelief. 
Then her pupils shrank as every alarm bell in her went off. 
That was the end. 
Had she been busted
At this thought, she broke out in cold sweat. 
She held her breath as the person continued, “It’s strange though. Do you know how he discovered someone had gone through the safe?” 
The group shook their heads at once and looked curiously at the person who was speaking. 
Qiao Lian also thought that this was inconceivable and looked at the person with a stunned expression. 
After going into the office yesterday, and right in the critical moment before Qiao Yiyi burst into the room, she had returned everything to its original place and shut the safe. How could anyone have discovered this
As she pondered, the person continued. 
“I heard that when Mr. Lu found out about this, he rushed down to the office. Then, after opening the safe, he said someone had moved something inside an important box.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
That box. So it was that box that gave it away. 
But how could that box have given it away
She narrowed her eyes and furrowed and frowned. 
The safe was opened yesterday. After investigating everyone else around him, the very next suspect in line would surely be herself. 
So should she run now, before Lu Nanze discovered her
She sprang onto her feet at this thought. 
But at the very same time, the office door was opened. Lu Nanze’s assistant appeared at once and called her from the doorway, “Ms. Qiao, Mr. Lu would like you to come up to the penthouse right away.”
###Chapter 1152: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (8) 
Qiao Lian halted and she froze. 
She looked at the assistant and cleared her throat after a pause, saying, “Can I not go?” e?. 
The assistant shook his head in silence. 
Qiao Lian: … 
This whole building belonged to Lu Nanze. If she tried to run, it would definitely arouse suspicion. Everyone would be after her before she could even get out and, at that point it would be impossible to escape. 
So she must not panic at this point. 
As this thought sank in, she immediately smiled and looked up at the assistant, saying, “Let’s go then.” 
She would just have to play by ear. 
And even if she was busted, at worst there would be a showdown. 
She steeled her faith at this thought. 
They took the director’s private elevator up to the penthouse 
Indeed, the atmosphere in the penthouse office was oppressive. The secretary staff worked with their heads lowered, trying to be as unnoticeable as possible. The awkwardness was extremely uncomfortable. 
As Qiao Lian walked out of the elevator, she could feel the staleness of the atmosphere. She turned to look and noticed that the door to the stairs was locked. 
This elevator… 
Crestfallen, she finally understood why Shen Liangchuan had been worried about her all of this time. 
Now, even if she wanted to run, there was no way out. 
As these thoughts flashed through her mind, they arrived at the office. 
The assistant raised his hand and knocked on the door. 
Lu Nanze’s devilishly charming voice was heard coming from within the room, “Come in.” 
The assistant held the door open for Qiao Lian. 
She walked through, turned around and looked at him. He then retreated in an unkind manner and immediately shut the door. It was written all over his expression: look out for yourself. 
Qiao Lian: … 
Resisting the pressure, Qiao Lian slowly raised her head and looked at Lu Nanze, who was sitting on the chair. 
But at this moment, his back was to her. He was looking out of the window, at the city of Beijing that spread out before him. Qiao Lian could not see his expression and had no idea if he was happy, or otherwise. 
This was most uncomfortable for her. She lowered her head and broke the silence in the room. “Why did you ask me to come up here?” 
In answer to this, Lu Nanze raised his arm and pointed at the coffee table by the side. 
Qiao Lian’s gaze followed the direction he pointed at and saw that there was a huge spread of food on the coffee table. Lu Nanze said, “I called you to have lunch.” 
She fell silent. 
Why did she have the feeling that the food might be poisoned
Did she really dare eat it
She cleared her throat and said, “It’s ok, I—” 
“Qiao Lian, what are you afraid of? It sounds as if I might poison you.” 
She quickly waved her hands and said, “No, no, I didn’t mean that. I—” 
Before she could finish speaking, the man suddenly turned around. His eyes were burning as he looked at her. 
Immediately, she lowered her head and said, “Ok, ok, fine, I’ll eat.” 
She walked over to the table, picked up the chopsticks and started to eat. 
The food was delicately prepared and presented, and looked like take-away food. Surely, food like this could not have been poisoned. 
Because she was nervous, she unconsciously ate more than usual. 
A million thoughts were flashing through her head. What was the situation now? Did Lu Nanze suspect her? Although there were no surveillance cameras in his office, surely there would be some outside his office. 
Besides herself yesterday, no one else had come in. 
Just as she was thinking these thoughts, Lu Nanze suddenly spoke, “Qiao Lian, could it be that you haven’t actually lost your memory?”
###Chapter 1153: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (9) 
Qiao Lian froze in the middle of eating. Her fingers tightened around the chopsticks and her posture straightened. 
Had she been busted
So what should she do now? Admit it or deny it
In a split second, she made a decision. 
She lifted her head immediately with a blank expression in her eyes. Puzzled, she looked at Lu Nanze and spoke calmly, “Why do you say that?” 
The moment she said this, Qiao Yiyi’s voice drifted in from the doorway, “Because you stole from Second Brother’s safe! Qiao Lian, what were you looking for in Second Brother’s safe? I knew it! You have ill intentions. You haven’t lost your memory, you’re just pretending!” 
Qiao Yiyi charged into the room after saying this. Pointing at Qiao Lian with her finger, she said accusingly, “Second Brother, I knew she was up to no good. Look, now she’s given herself away. I saw her sneaking up here yesterday and knew straightaway she had planned this in advance! Good thing I rushed over and foiled her plans. Otherwise, she’d have stolen the things in your safe.” 
Qiao Lian pursed her lips tightly. 
Glaring at Qiao Yiyi, she smirked. 
How could anyone be this shameless
She first took advantage of the Qiao family and later on, she betrayed the Qiao family. And now she was out to frame her
She hadn’t even tried to get even with Qiao Yiyi, yet the latter now jumped right in the line of fire. 
Qiao Lian wasn’t going to hold herself back now. 
She narrowed her eyes and then laughed icily. 
Staring at Qiao Yiyi, she said, “What gives you the right to say I wanted to steal?” 
“Because your purpose was to sneak into Second Brother’s office then!” 
Qiao Lian looked at Lu Nanze and said, “You should know the best. You were the one who asked me to come up here to get the document, isn’t that right?” 
“Then why did you stay in the office for so long? After you found the document, why didn’t you leave immediately?” 
Qiao Yiyi was trying to corner her. 
Narrowing her eyes, Qiao Lian replied, “I wanted to have a look around Lu Nanze’s office since I was here, what’s wrong with that? Do you mean that you didn’t look around in curiosity the first time you went to his office?” 
At once, Qiao Yiyi was stumped. 
The first time she had pestered Lu Nanze and entered this office, she had been completely stunned by the interior. 
At the time, she had been completely amazed and had looked around for the longest time, trying to imagine in her mind that she would marry Lu Nanze some day and officially sit in this office as the lady boss. 
Could it be that Qiao Lian had been thinking the same thing
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes at this thought. 
Qiao Lian continued, “Did you see with your own eyes, or hear with your own ears, me stealing from the safe? You don’t even know anything and you accuse someone without any basis? I know that you like Lu Nanze, but you don’t have to smear me like this.” 
Qiao Yiyi began to panic and retorted, “How did I accuse you? There was only one person in this office at the time and it was you! Who else would it be if it weren’t you?” 
Qiao Lian looked towards Lu Nanze at once. She saw that he was staring at them in silence, as though he was contemplating something. 
Qiao Lian laughed icily and said, “You are wrong. I wasn’t the only one who was alone in this room yesterday.” 
Then she pointed a finger at Qiao Yiyi and raised her voice, saying, “After I left, you stayed back in the office alone. And all the secretaries can verify this!”
###Chapter 1154: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (10) 
On that note, Qiao Yiyi’s expression changed immediately. 
Glaring at Qiao Lian, she asked, “What do you mean?” 
Qiao Lian smirked and said, “According to your reasoning, I stole something just because I was in the office. Well, you were alone in the office as well, so why couldn’t it have been you who stole
Qiao Yiyi shouted angrily, “Lies! How would it be possible that I stole from Second Brother?” 
“So why would I touch Lu Nanze’s belongings? You have to give me a valid reason to smear me like this.” 
She turned, looked at Lu Nanze and said, “Didn’t you say we were childhood sweethearts and grew up together? So what is this now? Something happens and I get called up here as a suspect. Is this how you show you love me?” 
At this point, she raised her finger, pointed at Qiao Yiyi’s stomach and continued, “And this too! Qiao Yiyi has let everyone know she’s pregnant! Lu Nanze, you’re so smart, aren’t you? You even wish to have two women at your service? Let me tell you, no way!” 
Having said this, she turned and headed for the door. She added as she left, “I’ve lost my memory, not my intelligence! You two are in cahoots, don’t think I can’t tell!” 
She pretended to lose her temper to cover the awkwardness of the situation. 
But unexpectedly, just as she crossed the threshold of the door, Lu Nanze suddenly shouted, “Hang on!” 
Qiao Lian halted without turning around, but she heard the shifting of the chair. Apparently, Lu Nanze was getting onto his feet. Following this, she heard footsteps coming towards her. 
Her chest tightened immediately as she became so nerve-wracked that she lost her voice. 
If Lu Nanze grabbed her, how was she going to protect herself and her child
Kneel down, cry and beg him to let her go? Or threaten to take her own life
Now Qiao Lian was really scared. 
She didn’t know what to do. She was not afraid of death, she only feared harming her unborn child. 
Just as she was struggling with this thought, she heard a sudden slap behind her. 
The slap was loud and sharp, causing her to tremble involuntarily. 
She turned around at once to look. 
Qiao Yiyi’s head was tilted to the side and she was clutching her face, staring at Lu Nanze in disbelief. 
Lu Nanze’s expression was as dark as a gathering storm. 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes and said in a shocked and shaking voice, “Second Brother?” 
Lu Nanze lowered his head and looked at his hand. He walked to the side and drew out a napkin. After cleaning his hands, he walked to Qiao Lian without even taking another look at Qiao Yiyi and said, “Look at you, why do you have such a bad temper? I had asked you to come here not as a suspect, but for lunch.” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
The situation had changed too fast, she found what Lu Nanze was thinking hard to follow. 
Qiao Lian twitched her mouth and looked at Qiao Yiyi again. The woman was still looking at them in shock. 
Qiao Lian’s eyes flashed and, suddenly remembering the plan she had agreed with Shen Liangchuan for dealing with Qiao Yiyi, she narrowed her eyes. 
After a short pause, she snorted coldly and said, “But this child she’s carrying—” 
“Is not mine.” 
Those words came firmly and decisively. 
It put Qiao Lian at a complete loss for words. 
She had not expected Lu Nanze to be this shameless.
###Chapter 1155: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (11) 
He had denied that the child was his right in Qiao Yiyi’s face. How was Qiao Yiyi going to take this
As the thought flashed through her mind, she heard Qiao Yiyi cry out, “Second Brother!” 
When he gazed indifferently at her, she instantly fell silent. 
Lu Nanze lowered his head to look at Qiao Lian at once and tried to convince her, “Look, I have so much trust in you, don’t you think you should trust me too? I’m really not lying to you. The child is not mine.” 
He said this with too much sincerity. There was nothing but honesty in his eyes and, if it weren’t for the fact that she knew about their relationship, Qiao Lian would have fallen right for it. 
She widened her eyes, stared at Lu Nanze and couldn’t help but wonder what was different about him from before. 
The Lu Nanze in the past had never been this shameless. 
Qiao Lian stared at Lu Nanze with wide eyes. After a while, she turned and glanced at Qiao Yiyi. 
Right now, Qiao Yiyi was in a state of complete disbelief. 
Written all over her face, there was a hurt expression that refused to believe she was being treated like. 
But when she opened her mouth, no words came. She could only take in huge gulps of air as her chest heaved noticeably. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes again, trying to further ignite the situation. “But she said—” 
“You must understand what sort of person she is. She can accuse you of stealing because of her jealousy. Qiao Lian, you have to trust me, my feelings for you are real. This child is honestly not mine! How could I allow another woman to carry my child?” 
Qiao Lian was too amazed. 
This man in front of her looked exactly like he was speaking the truth. 
She could almost believe him. 
She grimaced and then finally said, “Ok, it’s good if it’s not yours.” 
As she said this, she almost couldn’t help feeling sorry for Qiao Yiyi. 
This man, Lu Nanze, had a heart of stone. If he didn’t like someone, that was that, and so what if Qiao Yiyi had tried for eight years to get his attention
He had now tossed her aside just like that, so bereft of human emotions. 
Even though she knew that this was the time for her to continue sowing discord between them, Qiao Lian could not bring herself to do this when she looked at Qiao Yiyi. 
Instead, she shut her eyes momentarily and said, “Well, I’ve had lunch. Is there anything else? If not, I’m going back to work.” 
“Go then.” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
Qiao Lian walked out of the office and turned back to glance at Qiao Yiyi in the process. 
After she left, the tenderness in Lu Nanze immediately vanished. 
He turned around, displaying only a sharp and cold glint in his eyes. 
A wave of guilt suddenly washed over Qiao Yiyi as she lowered her head. 
Lu Nanze said calmly, “Have you forgotten what I told you the day I freed you from being locked up?” 
Her pupils shrank at once. 
How could she forget
That had almost been the most shameful moment of her entire life. 
When she was freed, she wholeheartedly thought that Lu Nanze would comfort her, but who would’ve thought that when they finally met, Lu Nanze’s first words would be, “I would not like Qiao Lian to know about the existence of this child.” 
It drove her mad with envy. 
What was so great about Qiao Lian? And what had she done to deserve all of Second Brother’s love?
###Chapter 1156: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (12) 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t contain herself any longer and shouted, “Second Brother, you put her on a pedestal but what’s so great about her? She is carrying someone else’s child! But I’m carrying your child inside me and he doesn’t even have a status! You don’t even dare to acknowledge the child in front of her. Second Brother, how could you lower yourself to this extent in front of her?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. He shot her a look so cold that her words froze mid-sentence. 
He slowly said, “I recall that, when you insisted on having a child, I told you that I would not recognize him. So you can stop dreaming about it.” 
On this note, he turned and walked back to his seat at the desk. 
But Qiao Yiyi started to get anxious and continued, “But why? Second Brother, why wouldn’t you acknowledge this child, and would rather acknowledge that bastard in her stomach? But that is someone else’s child!” 
“Shut up!” Lu Nanze raised his voice at her. 
Hearing about that child being someone else’s stung him painfully. 
Narrowing his eyes to look at her, he instructed, “Find some time to go to the hospital for an abortion.” 
Qiao Yiyi paled at those words. “Second Brother, I—” 
“Get out.” 
“Second Brother—” 
“Scram!” 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to say more, but Lu Nanze’s expression was so hostile she left the office without daring to utter another word. 
The moment she walked out, she started to cry uncontrollably. 
How could Second Brother treat her this way
In the last eight years, it was she, Qiao Yiyi, who had been by his side. It was she, Qiao Yiyi, who had spent the days and nights keeping him company. It was she, Qiao Yiyi, who was carrying his child. 
But now, he placed more importance on someone else’s child over his own. 
Clenching her fists, she thought, “No, I have to keep her baby.” This was her last chance with Second Brother. i. 
When she thought this, she did not go back to the caster’s office. Instead, she walked out of the office building and hailed a cab to head home. 
In all these years, the Qiao family residence had not changed, it had always been the little villa. Although the family was doing alright financially, they weren’t significantly better off compared to when they depended on the greater Qiao family. 
Qiao Yiyi headed to the bedroom the moment she got home. Just at this point, she saw Mom Qiao and Qiao Zhigang walking out of their own bedroom. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately ran up to them and grabbed Mom Qiao’s hand saying, “Mom, help me, please, I don’t know what to do now!” 
On this note, she couldn’t hold back her emotions any longer and started crying aloud. 
She cried so badly that Mom Qiao started panicking and asked, “What’s the matter? Speak up and tell us!” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately said, “It’s all Qiao Lian’s fault! Mom, Second Brother wants me to abort my baby!!” 
“What is it about that tr*mp that’s so good? He has his heart and mind fixated on her. Mom, what do I do now? I’ve suffered for so many years and thought that if I got pregnant, I’d have a chance, but who would’ve thought? Sob, sob, sob.” 
Qiao Yiyi was crying with much grievance. Since she had gotten pregnant, she had thought she could finally be part of the Lu family, but this had led to an unexpected outcome now. 
Seeing her daughter crying so sorrowfully, Mom Qiao started to cry as well. 
The two women hugged each other and cried their hearts out. Finally, Qiao Yiyi lifted her head and looked at Qiao Zhigang, who was trying to contemplate the situation in a logical manner. “Dad, what are you thinking about? Hurry up and save my child!”
###Chapter 1157: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (13) 
Qiao Zhigang frowned upon hearing this. 
After a pause, he slowly said, “Our family has struggled for eight years, all because we hoped to marry you off to Lu Nanze. With this child, things are now much easier. I think it may be about time that I went to Lu Nanze’s father and discuss your marriage.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up at once when he said this. Immediately, she hung her head and gave another random sob. 
Qiao Zhigang continued, “From tomorrow onwards, don’t go to work. Stay at home and tend to your pregnancy. The most critical thing now is to deliver this child. Leave the rest of the matter to me to handle.” 
Qiao Yiyi struggled for a moment and bit her lip, saying, “But Dad, as long as Qiao Lian is around, Second Brother will never set his heart on me.” 
At this point, she said viciously, “Hasn’t she already made up her mind that she was never going to be with Second Brother? So what’s this situation now? This is too much! On the one hand, she’s married to someone else, on the other hand she gets herself entangled with Second Brother! This Qiao Lian, she’s always had ulterior motives.” 
She said grudgingly through gritted teeth, “She went away then and should have just stayed away. Now she’s returned after eight years, it must be for revenge! Dad, she’s back to take revenge for sure. She feels we’re doing too well and has come back to avenge her parents.! 
“Shut up!” Qiao Zhigang shouted loudly, stopping Qiao Yiyi from speaking further. 
The man’s face now displayed an underlying viciousness that contradicted his simple and honest looks. “You will not speak of that matter again! Now, go upstairs, rest and focus on taking care of your pregnancy. We’ve retreated and put up with so much all these years just so that the day would come when we would have a better life. You have to marry into the Lu family, that’s for sure! I will do all I can to get you there. But your job now is to see the pregnancy through and whatever dirty work there is, I’ll do the cleaning for you.” 
Qiao Yiyi was taken aback and asked, “Cleaning… Like how?” 
A murderous look flashed across Qiao Zhigang’s eyes as he said, “Of course, we’ll do a clean job so that it will never come back to bother you again!” 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt a strange chill down her spine. 
The news that Qiao Yiyi had left the office in tears spread far and wide in the office at once. 
Qiao Lian had even heard about it just sitting there in the caster’s office. 
Leisurely eating some fruits, she narrowed her eyes as she contemplated this. 
Given what Lu Nanze was like, it would be easy to make him completely destroy his relationship with Qiao Yiyi. 
The moment their relationship completely broke down, Qiao Yiyi would wish death upon Lu Nanze, which meant that she would surely use the account? book. 
Although there had been trouble along the way, overall it was still progressing quite successfully. This was a happy and relaxing thought. 
Qiao Lian held a toothpick between her fingers, stuck it into a piece of pineapple and popped it into her mouth. 
The sourish burst of flavor filled her mouth and it tasted sublime. 
As she was enjoying the fruit, she received a call from the penthouse’s office, asking her to go to the penthouse. 
Qiao Lian thought for a while and decided to make her way up slowly. 
When she arrived at the penthouse, the secretary pointed at a bowl of strawberries and said, “Mr. Lu specially asked to have these bought for you. He’s asked you to go to his office and enjoy them in peace.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
What did this mean? Was he trying to make the point that he trusted her and was willing to let her into his office
She shook her head, picked up the bowl of strawberries and walked into his office.
###Chapter 1158: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (14) 
Qiao Lian found a comfortable spot and sat on the sofa. She was eating her strawberries when she suddenly heard footsteps outside. Immediately after this, she heard the secretary sprang to her feet calling out, “Elder Mr Lu!” 
Qiao Lian’s hand that was holding the strawberry froze in mid-air, as her eyes narrowed immediately. 
Elder Mr Lu!. 
Lu Nanze’s father! 
He had actually come
She clenched her fists tightly and sprang to her feet. After walking to the door, she took a look through the peephole. 
Dad Lu was around 60 this year and in good health. He stood there, his sharp eyes sweeping through the office. 
This was the Uncle Lu whom she had felt was a super nice man at that time. But in the end, he had smeared the Qiao family and caused the death of her parents, and the family to fall apart. 
Qiao Lian’s chest was heaving as she found herself losing control. She had the strong urge to dash out and give him a vicious beating, make him pay for the loss of her parents. 
But logic told her not to be rash. 
Qiao Lian looked at him with hatred burning in her eyes. 
After the secretary greeted him, he said in a dignified tone, “Where’s Lu Nanze?” 
The secretary replied, “Mr. Lu is in a meeting.” 
“Go and take a look. If the meeting is not important, ask him to come out here.” 
The secretary glanced at Lu Nanze’s office, seemingly at a loss. She then lowered her head and said, “Yes.” 
She left at once. re?. o
Dad Lu turned around and looked at the office. Following this, he pushed open the office door. 
The room was empty, there was only a bowl of strawberries on the coffee table that was next to the sofa. 
Dad Lu thought nothing of it as he walked to the sofa and took a seat. 
In the room next to the office, Qiao Lian stood at the door, gasping to catch her breath. 
Never would she have expected that they would meet under such circumstances. 
After a while, she heard hasty footsteps coming from outside. It must be Lu Nanze, running all the way here. 
He entered the office, sweeping his gaze around in the first instance. Then he frowned and looked at Dad Lu. “Dad, what are you doing here?” 
“What am I doing here? You got the woman pregnant! I have to step in and settle this business, don’t I?” 
At once, Lu Nanze frowned. 
Dad Lu continued, “For so many years, I’ve been trying to force you to get married and have children, but you wouldn’t listen. And now you’ve done it. You’d better hurry up and marry Qiao Yiyi, that will solve all the problems! Our Lu Family would finally have successors.” 
To this, Lu Nanze said at once, “I .” 
“? Is this something you are in a position to disagree with? Are you still hankering for that Qiao Lian? Let me tell you, despite the fact that she’s already married, even if she weren’t, given the relationship between you and her, do you really feel that she’d marry you?” 
Lu Nanze fell silent. 
Dad Lu sneered icily, “It’s been so many years, but you are still so innocent and naive!! Given the relationship between our families, you could never be with her.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes at those words. “Dad, this is our business, you don’t need to interfere.” 
“Interfere?” Dad Lu stood up and sighed. “Do you know why I have to step in suddenly? It’s because Qiao Zhigang came to look for me!” 
Lu Nanze asked at once, “Why did he come round looking for you?” 
“Why? Of course it was to remind me of the account book from that time!”
###Chapter 1159: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (15) 
Qiao Lian stood in the washroom, listening to the conversation, and was stunned at once. 
The account book from that time. 
Narrowing her eyes, she placed her ears against the door and listened with great attention to what was happening in the office. 
Following this, she heard Lu Nanze lower his voice as he said, “He’s using the account book to threaten you again? Dad, it’s been so many years. Are you going to be held hostage all your life?” 
Dad Lu narrowed his eyes and replied, “Don’t speak nonsense. As long as you marry Qiao Yiyi and our families become in-laws, it will be ok. On top of this, after Qiao Yiyi has your child, we’ll be a family. At that point, they will surely destroy the account book.” 
Lu Nanze laughed coldly and said, “So, you’re using my marriage as a transaction?” 
Dad Lu coughed awkwardly and said, “How can you call this a transaction? Besides, Qiao Yiyi is pregnant with your child, it’s only reasonable that you marry her! Haven’t I told you before? All these years, you managed to keep Qiao Yiyi under control and now it’s great, you’ve gotten her pregnant, you have to be responsible somehow. I can’t let my grandson or granddaughter bear the label of an illegitimate child all his life.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. 
Qiao Lian, in the washroom, on the other hand, was shaken. 
Prior to this, she had only been guessing but unexpectedly, in this moment, she actually had a confirmation. 
Qiao Zhigang was definitely involved in her parents’ tragic ending. 
Qiao Lian’s fingers curled tightly as the thought ran through her mind. 
She couldn’t think of a good reason why her uncle would do this. 
Thinking back, her grandfather had left everything to Dad when he died. At that time, Uncle and his family should have moved out. But Dad had said that Uncle was family, and the Qiao family belonged to him too. Hence, Dad had always been kind to their family. Although Uncle wasn’t the head of the Qiao family, and neither was he the CEO of the company, her family had always made sure he didn’t lack anything. 
Even when Qiao Yiyi was born, Dad had asked Uncle to come over and they opened an account for the newborn. Every year, two percent of the company’s profits would go into it. And Dad told Uncle that this would be Qiao Yiyi’s dowry in the future. 
They had been nothing but kind to Uncle’s family, so why had he treated them like this in return?! 
With her fists tightly clenched, she leaned against the wall, shutting her eyes after a pause to take a deep breath. 
In reality, she only felt anger for all the things her uncle’s family had done. She wasn’t sad. 
What was sad was that she had been betrayed by such a close family member. At the time, Dad had trusted Qiao Zhigang so much, he had even allowed him to work in the company. 
After the Qiao family business got into trouble, Dad had, in the first instance, removed Qiao Zhigang from any implications and bore the burden himself. 
But what about them
Qiao Zhigang. Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Lian was determined that she would never coexist with their family in this lifetime. 
At this point, she heard the voices outside continue, “Nanze, are you still enamored with that silly girl from the Qiao family? I’m telling you, she’s already married, I will never agree to her remarrying you! If you really want her, then find another way to get her. Women. Once you have them, they’re all the same.” 
Qiao Lian frowned at once. 
Then she heard Lu Nanze interrupting his father, “Dad! Don’t insult Qiao Lian! I won’t let her be without status, I won’t cause her such grief. I can tell you something for sure: in this lifetime, I will marry no one but Qiao Lian.”
###Chapter 1160: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (16) 
There was no hesitation. He said this firmly and decisively, and it was obvious that he spoke straight from his heart. 
But this stunned Qiao Lian again. 
She stared straight at the door before her, as though she could see right through it, see the two men in the room. 
Through Lu Nanze’s determined words, she saw his sincerity. 
But the next moment, she couldn’t help laughing. 
Sincerity
How could that possibly come from someone in the Lu family
When Dad Lu heard his son’s words, he was infuriated. “What nonsense are you speaking? What’s good about that silly girl? Lu Nanze, I’m here today to inform you that you’re to get ready to marry Qiao Yiyi.” 
The man stared at his father through narrowed eyes and gave an icy laugh. “Dad, in my heart and mind, she’s better than anything. I will not agree to this marriage.” 
Dad Lu was livid by now. “You—” 
Before he could say another word, Lu Nanze was coldly pointing at the door and saying, “You may leave now.” 
“You unfilial son, you’re actually asking me to leave?” 
“This is my workplace. If there’s anything else you wish to say, we’ll wait till I get home.” 
Dad Lu said angrily, “Get home? How many days have you not been home?” 
Casting his gaze down, the man replied, “I’ll go home today. For now, please leave first.” 
Dad Lu said most unwillingly, “In that case, I’ll wait at home for you.” 
With a cold humph, he left with his entourage following behind. 
After Dad Lu had left, Lu Nanze sat down on his swivel chair with exhaustion. After some time, there was a knock on the door. The junior secretary walked in. 
Lu Nanze asked, “Where is Ms. Qiao?” d. 
The secretary paused and answered, “Ms. Qiao? I- I’m not sure.” 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank as he continued, “Didn’t she leave the room?” 
The secretary replied, “I didn’t see that. I only saw Elder Mr. Lu walk in. Wasn’t Ms. Qiao in your office?” 
Upon hearing their conversation, Qiao Lian, who was still in the washroom, calmed herself and stepped out. Looking completely nonchalant, she stuck out her head and said softly, like she was up to no good, “Have the people left?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Secretary: … 
The moment he saw her, he recalled the conversation with his father. His pupils shrank as he sprang to his feet. 
He stared at Qiao Lian. 
He wondered how much of the conversation she had overheard and how much of it had she understood. 
He said slowly, narrowing his eyes, “Why are you here?” 
She scratched her head a couple of times and replied, “I heard your father coming and I hid! It wouldn’t be good for him to find me here.” 
Lu Nanze was silent for a moment. 
He gestured to his secretary and she left the office. 
He spoke again to Qiao Lian, “How much of the conversation did you hear just then?” 
She replied, “I heard everything!” 
His pupils shrank at once. 
Puzzled, Qiao Lian tilted her head and looked at him, asking, “Does Qiao Yiyi’s family have some sort of information that they can use against your family? Otherwise, why would your father force you to marry her?” 
Lu Nanze seized Qiao Lian up with an intense gaze. 
He noticed that her blank expression didn’t look fake, and she did not look as though she was pretending. 
He hung his head and frowned, saying slowly, “Yes, but don’t worry, it won’t affect our relationship. Give me some time, I will get this matter sorted.”
###Chapter 1161: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (17) 
Qiao Lian nodded, as a quick flash lit her eyes. She waved at Lu Nanze and said, “In that case, I’ll go back downstairs. Are you alright?” 
“I’m fine.” 
“Ok, see you.” 
After Qiao Lian left the office, Lu Nanze’s face turned gloomy as he grabbed the cell phone to call Qiao Yiyi. 
Very quickly, she picked up the call. 
She called out happily, “Second Brother!” 
Lu Nanze’s expression darkened and he spoke, his demonic voice sounding like it rose from the depths of hell itself, “Qiao Yiyi, have you ignored all my warnings?” 
Qiao Yiyi shuddered when she heard those words and bit her lip. She asked, “Second Brother, what do you mean?” 
“What do I mean?” Lu Nanze laughed icily and continued, “I remember when I was young, Mom loved keeping cats and I hated them. But Mom made me keep a pet cat. Do you know what happened to that cat?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s voice trembled. 
Following this, Lu Nanze added, “The cat died.” 
Qiao Yiyi froze and started, “Second Brother, you—” 
“I think I don’t have to say much more. Sure, the account book is in your hands, but are you certain that you can turn it in to the police? Suzhou is my territory, don’t force me into doing nasty things!” 
Upon hearing his words, Qiao Yiyi cried out in fear, “Second Brother, Second Brother!” 
But the only response she got back was an engaged tone. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at her cell phone in a daze. 
Lu Nanze had always been a man of his word. His meaning was clear: if her father continued to pursue the matter, he would make sure that her whole family disappeared altogether. 
This thought sent Qiao Yiyi shuddering involuntarily. She gulped and dashed out of the room, calling out, “Dad! Second Brother just called!” 
In the study, Qiao Yiyi told her parents what had happened and then rubbed her eyes as she sobbed, trying to dry her tears. 
“Dad, Mom, what do I do now? I’m pregnant, but he doesn’t acknowledge my baby. He has only that tr*mp in his heart! Dad, if he doesn’t agree, you know Second Brother’s way of dealing with things. Over the years, he has grown increasingly cruel, I’m afraid—” 
“Afraid of what” Qiao Zhigang sprang up from his seat. “We are here, there’s no need to fear! This matter is actually easy to solve.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up as she raised her head and looked at the man. “How do we resolve it?” 
Qiao Zhigang narrowed his eyes slowly and said, “Of course, we cut it at the roots. Weren’t you getting along very well previously? We’ll go back to that time then, a time when there was no Qiao Lian.” 
As he said this, a vicious hint flashed across his eyes. 
– 
Qiao Lian was sitting back, leisurely eating some fruits and waiting for her livestream session to start. It would be a two-hour livestream. 
In addition, PC team had moved into the office to play some matches with her. 
She grimaced and coordinated with them rather absent-mindedly. However, as she interacted with their team members, she actually found out that people who played video games were really only holding onto a dream and their aspirations. 
Although the team club gave them a salary, the fact was that there was an age limit for excelling in eSports. 
After the age of 25, their career would be over. After all, as people age, their reflexes would not be as nimble.
###Chapter 1162: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (18) 
Hence, all eSports professional players were admirable. 
After an afternoon of training, when Qiao Lian was packing up her belongings and getting ready to get off work, her cell phone rang. 
She picked up the call and heard Shen Liangchuan’s voice on the other end, “Shouldn’t you be leaving work?” 
“Right away! I’m going now.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and said, “Ok, I’m waiting downstairs.” 
She laughed immediately and said, “Ok, I’m coming down now.” 
After she hung up, she picked up her bag and walked out. 
Just as she stepped out of the office, she saw Lu Nanze standing outside. He looked at her. 
She raised an eyebrow and asked, “Why are you here?” 
“To take you home.” 
She grimaced and said, “No, there’s no need to! Shen Liangchuan is just outside waiting for me.” 
If Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze saw each other, who knew what sort of friction might occur again. 
Hence, it was better to keep them apart. 
Right now, she really had to protect her weak heart! 
But unfortunately, Lu Nanze acted as though he didn’t hear her and insisted, “I’ll take you.” 
Qiao Lian was taken aback. 
She cocked her head to the side and said, “Really, there’s no need. I—” 
“You are together with him every night and only spend a few quick hours with me during the day. Won’t you even please for once and let me take you home? Or could it be that you don’t like me?” 
Qiao Lian was taken aback. 
She grimaced again. 
The Lu Nanze that she had known all along had been a forceful man, she rarely saw this side of him. 
Still grimacing, she finally said, “But I’m off work now and I’m going home. Shen Liangchuan is waiting for me, don’t create a scene, ok?” 
Upon hearing this, his expression clouded over. As she stood there nervously, not knowing what to do next, he suddenly said, “Ok.” 
Just like that, he stepped aside. 
Qiao Lian was taken aback. 
She walked past him and headed towards the elevators. 
After taking two steps, she heard footsteps behind her. She turned around with uncertainty. 
Lu Nanze said, “I’m leaving too.” 
Without thinking too much about it, Qiao Lian continued walking towards the elevator. 
From afar, she saw that the elevator door was about to shut. 
Hastening her footsteps, she shouted, “Hold on!” 
She broke into a run and held the lift door open. Someone inside said, “Who’s that? Can’t she wait for the next one?” 
But as those words fell, they saw it was Qiao Lian and at once fell silent. 
Everyone in the lift suddenly became respectful and called out, “Mr. Lu!” i. c?
Lu Nanze nodded as he stood outside the elevator. Then he said calmly, “Can you guys get into the next ride?” 
“No problem! No problem!” 
As they said this, all of them started getting out of the elevator. 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
She grimaced as she walked into the elevator, and then she saw that Lu Nanze had followed her. 
She looked at the director’s private elevator on the other side and then gazed at him. 
The director’s private elevator was for Lu Nanze’s exclusive use. But now, he was actually squeezing in the public elevator with her
This man, Lu Nanze, was he mental
She pressed the button for the ground floor. 
The elevator made its way down slowly. 
When it arrived at the ground floor, Qiao Lian turned back and smiled at him saying, “Director Lu, I’m off.” 
But the next moment, Lu Nanze grabbed her wrist and yanked her into the elevator. He pressed the button to shut the elevator door.
###Chapter 1163: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (19) 
Qiao Lian was shocked by the sudden turn of events. 
By the time she realized what was happening, Lu Nanze had already pinned her against the elevator wall. 
She widened her eyes and said fiercely, “Lu Nanze, what are you doing?” 
Smiling, Lu Nanze said, “Every time I want to discuss things properly, you . So I can only use force. But don’t worry, I’m not doing anything apart from taking you home.” 
“You- Lu Nanze, you’re too much!” 
Qiao Lian tried to push him away using force. “Can you stop being so childish?” 
“Nope.” 
There was no way she could use physical force. After all, she was pregnant. Hence they had to reach a compromise in this matter. 
“Well, then at least give me some space and let me send a text to Shen Liangchuan. I’m sure you can do that?” 
The man gave a cold smile and said, “There’s no need to send a text.” 
As Qiao Lian stared at him sternly, he added, “I’ll give him a call.” 
On this note, he picked up his cell phone and dialed Shen Liangchuan’s number. 
The call was picked up quickly and Lu Nanze said in his usual evil manner, “I’ll take Qiao Lian home.” 
Then he stylishly hung up. 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
This person, was he incapable of speaking politely
She grimaced at his arrogance and childishness. 
Her chest tightened somewhat because of the anger. 
She took a deep breath and said, “So now will you let me go?” 
He smiled and replied, “But I like it like that.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She extended her arm and shoved him aside. “That’s enough already!” 
As she said this, the elevator arrived at the basement level two parking. 
This parking was normally quiet, so there wasn’t a single person in sight. 
As the elevator door opened, Qiao Lian stepped out first. 
But just as she had taken two steps, suddenly six to seven burly men in black suits appeared before her out of nowhere. 
Qiao Lian frowned at once and winced, as she turned around to look at Lu Nanze and say, “Lu Nanze, it’s just taking me home. Do you need so many people to watch over me? Are you worried there’s some wild beast in my house?” 
The moment after she spoke, Lu Nanze grabbed her wrist. She was yanked back into the elevator at once. 
She widened her eyes and tried to retaliate, but heard Lu Nanze shout, “Be careful, they’re not my men!” 
In that instant, fear gripped her. 
Not his men. But the group before them was now staring intently at them. 
Who were they
As this question appeared, one of them took a step forward and shouted an order, “Take her away!” 
At this order, the rest of the men charged towards her. 
Qiao Lian was stunned. 
She and Lu Nanze tried to get away, but they were at a dead end in the elevator. They tried to press the button to shut the elevator door, but the men got to them before that. 
Qiao Lian wrapped her hands around her stomach and Lu Nanz positioned himself in front of her, asking, “Who are you? Don’t you know where you are? Don’t you know who I am? I’m telling you, I’m Lu Nanze! Leave now and I will not pursue this or hold you accountable.” 
One of the men laughed at what Lu Nanze had said. “You must be joking. People like us, in this line of work, aren’t afraid of you coming after us!” 
At this point, the man raised his arm and dropped it in a flash. 
Qiao Lian only felt a sharp pain in her neck, and then everything went black as she passed out.
###Chapter 1164: He Actually Likes Her This Much… (20) 
When Qiao Lian woke up, she found herself in a truck. 
The vehicle’s loud rumble and low drone hummed continually in her ears. 
She could feel the pain and soreness in the back of her neck and, when she opened her eyes, all she saw was pitch dark. She couldn’t see clearly. 
Trying to recall what had happened, she heard Lu Nanze’s anxious voice, “Are you awake? Do you feel unwell in any way?” 
Qiao Lian turned at once and saw Lu Nanze sitting next to her. 
She made an effort to get up, but both her hands and feet were bound by ropes and she wasn’t able to get up. She had to make one little movement at a time to finally sit up. 
Then she saw that Lu Nanze was in the same plight. 
Both his hands and feet were tied. 
Looking at Lu Nanze, she took a deep breath and said after a pause, “What is going on? Whose men are these?” 
Lu Nanze immediately shook his head. 
Qiao Lian frowned and said, “Could they be planning to abduct you and then ask for a ransome? Lu Nanze, it’s all your fault, now you’ve gotten me into this!” 
Lu Nanze said at once, “I’m sorry, don’t worry, everything will be fine.” 
His words were exceptionally firm. 
There was a reassuring strength in them. 
Qiao Lian nodded. Then she put her eye to the crack between the doors at the back of the truck. 
They were traveling on a small road and it looked like they were in a remote area. 
But where were these people taking them
They had kidnapped Lu Nanze, possibly for ransom money. So later on, would they leave Lu Nanze there and make her go get the money
She was pregnant and she couldn’t take risks. 
But the moment she had this thought, she immediately felt bad. 
They were in the same pot of hot soup, how could she abandon him
The truck pulled to a stop finally, as she was contemplating the situation. 
Right now, there was still light. It didn’t look like it was past 7 p.m. 
They had left work at 5 p.m. and were kidnapped then. Up till now, they had been traveling only two hours. They couldn’t be too far from Suzhou. 
She made a quick mental assessment of the situation, and then saw the doors of the back compartment of the truck swing open. Following this, she was treated like a chicken, picked up and thrown out of the truck. 
It was fortunate that her reflexes were quick, otherwise she would have fallen on the ground. 
She bit her lip and saw that Lu Nanze was being thrown out as well. 
Even though abducted, the man kept his devilishly charming temperament, that faint smile never left his face. He acted like he was on a tour. 
Eyeing the men, he said, “Go on, say how much money you’re after? I can afford it.” 
When he said this, the men immediately exchanged looks with each other. After a pause they looked at him and said, “We’re after her, not you! If you can assure us you won’t cause us trouble, we’ll let you go. Let’s not get in each other’s path, what do you think?” 
Qiao Lian immediately looked up, astonished by what she heard. 
What?! 
These people were out to kidnap her and not him?! 
Whom had she, Qiao Lian, offended?! 
And… 
She looked at Lu Nanze in panic and fear. 
She was done for. 
For sure, these people didn’t dare offend him, hence those words. Now the most logical way forward was for Lu Nanze to go and get help to rescue her. But with him gone, who was going to guarantee her safety for the next two hours?
###Chapter 1165: Their First Collaboration (1) 
Qiao Lian’s expression clouded over as she looked at Lu Nanze in a daze. 
Lu Nanze glanced at her and then shifted his gaze to the man who spoke. “Are you speaking the truth?” 
The man nodded immediately. 
Lu Nanze raised his brow and said, “Meaning you believe I am who I said I am?” 
The man continued to nod and said, “We’re after the girl, so if you can assure us you’ll turn a blind eye, we’ll let you go.” 
Qiao Lian felt a chill inside, a strange sort of despair spreading in her heart. 
But she gave a bitter smile at once. 
That’s right, Lu Nanze was only a friend who had grown up with her. Why should he risk his life for her
Besides, if he stayed, both of them would be held in captivity. He might as well leave and bring men to rescue her. At least… tell Shen Liangchuan to go and rescue her- . m
Lu Nanze leaving now was the right choice. 
At this thought, she looked at Lu Nanze and said slowly, “Director Lu, why don’t you leave? I won’t blame you. You have lots to do in the office, and your car is waiting outside the building.” 
Her words were hinting at him to inform Shen Liangchuan. 
But unexpectedly after she said this, his expression darkened at once. Narrowing his eyes, he said after a pause, “In your heart, will I never measure up to him?” 
His remark simply puzzled her. She had no idea where the sudden flare of anger came from. 
She turned to look at him with a confused expression. He, on the other hand, looked at the men and said, “Brothers, since you know who I am, let’s get acquainted. Let us go. The road ahead is long and we’re bound to meet again. When we do, I shall have some regard for you, how about that? Or if you wait, I will reward you handsomely once I’m back.” 
His offer of protection was clear. 
The men looked simultaneously at their leader, the man who spoke. 
The leader had a yellow fleshy face and a braid around his head. One look and it was obvious he was a shady character. 
Upon hearing this, his eyes shifted between Qiao Lian and Lu Nanze a few times. Then he said with a mocking laugh, “Oooh, is this your little lover? You actually can’t bear to leave her here?” 
His eyes immediately landed on her, tutting. “I must say she’s quite pretty. Also, that body and skin… What luck!” 
He rubbed his hands together in glee, looking lecherously in her direction. “No wonder you’re so concerned about her. But—” 
Before he could finish, Lu Nanze suddenly exploded in fury. He drew back his arm and at once threw a merciless punch in the man’s face, shouting, “I’ll teach you to speak nonsense!” 
Bam. 
The punch fell hard on the man and two of his teeth flew. 
He spat out a mouthful of blood. Livid now, he hollered, “Brothers, go for him!” 
The men charged in that instruction. 
Even though Lu Nanze had learnt taekwondo, he was outnumbered. Besides, Qiao Lian’s current physical condition didn’t allow her to take any hits. 
His pupils shrank. Looking around them, he immediately lowered his body and bent over, clutching his own head to protect it. 
Following this, the punches and kicks started to rain on him. 
“You dare to hit me? I don’t give a damn if you’re Lu Nanze or Li Nanze. Beat him up, beat him to death!” the man with the braid yelled, lisping from the missing teeth.
###Chapter 1166: Their First Collaboration (2) 
Following his next instructions, the punches and kicks rained down quicker and harder. 
Qiao Lian furrowed her brow. She was hiding behind the crowd and wanted to step forward. But she saw Lu Nanze suddenly raise his head and shot her a look, immediately saying, “Don’t.” 
Don’t. 
Qiao Lian instantly froze. 
When Lu Nanze had suddenly hit the man with the braid, she had thought that he was just being too rash. 
The two of them had been kidnapped by eight or nine people. In a moment like this, even if they were verbally abused, there was no need to use physical force. 
But she now suddenly realized Lu Nanze’s intention. Lu Nanze had meant… 
The man with the braid had obviously wanted to take advantage of her. 
And he had found a timely moment to hit the man, so that all the pressure would be directed on him. 
For the moment she, Qiao Lian, would be safe. 
He had used himself as bait to hold these people’s attention, only so that she would not suffer any outrageous acts. 
Qiao Lian stared as Lu Nanze got beaten up, his head buried in his hands. Her eyes reddened at once. 
He could have walked away from this, he could have left, but why had he stayed to protect her
She looked at him in disbelief. 
She had a lot of mixed feelings. 
She had initially been determined to hate him but now, she wavered. 
She gulped and took a step back in silence, shrinking into a corner so that she became as unnoticeable as possible. 
She knew she was being selfish, but she had to do this. 
Because he wanted to protect her child. 
She mustn’t do anything rash. 
But suddenly, her vision blurred as she broke out in tears. 
The people were after her and for sure, they wouldn’t dare to beat Lu Nanze to death. 
After all, he was the hegemon of Suzhou and if they killed him, there would be trouble. 
But by the time they stopped, Lu Nanze had injuries all over his body. 
Qiao Lian rushed over to him and helped him up, anxiously asking, “Are you ok?” 
“No problem, didn’t even break a bone.” 
Lu Nanze lifted his head after saying this and looked at the men. In a low voice, he then said to Qiao Lian, “These men are not simple, be careful. Follow me closely.” 
With teary eyes, she nodded. 
When the man with a braid saw how badly Lu Nanze had been beaten up, he was satisfied and called his men to tend to his own injuries. He no longer was in the mood to bother with Qiao Lian. 
Qiao Lian had thus managed to get off lightly, but both Lu Nanze and she were pushed along into a little room and locked up together. 
There was nothing in the room except for a pile of straw on the ground. . Com
Qiao Lian walked over and patted down the straw. Then she helped Lu Nanze lie down on it. 
After she took care of this quietly, she stared at the man and reached out to feel all of his body. 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank and suddenly, he laughed. “What? Even when I’m injured, you won’t forget to take advantage of me?” 
Qiao Lian’s movements froze when he said this. Glaring at him, she said, “Even when you’re injured, you won’t shut up!” 
He immediately laughed aloud. “Your touch feels so good. Why don’t you touch me right here too?” 
Qiao Lian looked at where he was pointing and turned a bright scarlet at once. “Damn! Lu Nanze, can’t you be a little more decent?” 
The man continued laughing, but seeing that she had stopped checking him, he was quietly relieved.
###Chapter 1167: Their First Collaboration (3) 
Qiao Lian sat down in a corner and hugged her knees. She looked outside and said to Lu Nanze, “Why didn’t you leave?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and said after a pause, “How can I leave when you’re here?” 
He had said that like a matter of course. Qiao Lian was taken aback. 
She had always thought that Lu Nanze treated her like a thing that he didn’t own yet, something he desired to possess, just a toy. But now… 
She stared straight ahead and bit her lip. After a silent pause she said again, “You are aware that by not leaving then, it’s possible that the both of us will end up not being able to leave.” 
“If it comes to the worst we die here.” 
Qiao Lian fell silent at once. 
He had said it with such ease, as though he wasn’t even thinking about what he was saying. 
She pursed her lips. 
At once, the room fell silent. 
Qiao Lian could hear Lu Nanze’s breathing, which sounded labored. It must be painful. But he wasn’t showing it at all. 
She turned to look at him. His eyes were lit up even in the dark. He suddenly laughed and said, “Qiao Lian, this must be the first time we’re spending the night together?” 
Qiao Lian chided him, “Can you be more decent?” 
“Fine, I’ll be decent.” 
He continued, “Don’t be scared. If I don’t go home, they’ll send people to look for me. Besides, your man will look for you too. There are surveillance cameras in the underground parking lot, they’ll find out soon enough what happened.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and then suddenly asked, “Are you scared?” 
“You?” 
She thought for a moment and then nodded. 
Lu Nanze contemplated this in silence for a moment as he looked at her. Then he asked, “You didn’t used to be scared, why are you scared now?” 
Qiao Lian lowered her head and looked at her stomach. “Because I’m no longer alone. Do you know? I love this child, I hope to deliver it safely, and hope that it will grow up happily and live happily.” 
When she said this, there was a tenderness in her expression and a sense of peace around her. 
As he looked at her, the light from outside framing her silhouette, he suddenly felt tranquility washing over the passage of time. 
He narrowed his eyes as his gaze fell on her abdomen. 
After a pause, he said, “Do you remember when we were fifteen?” 
Qiao Lian froze at those words. She turned towards him with a blank stare. 
He lowered his head and said, “That year, I had a fight with Dad and wanted to run away from home. I was determined. But I came to bid farewell to you.” 
As he spoke, scenes of that past flashed through her mind. 
At the time, no matter what she said, he wouldn’t listen. 
He had made up his mind to run away. 
In the end, she also packed her belongings. Strapping her bag on her back, she was ready to go with him. 
He had asked her then, “What do you think you’re doing?” 
Qiao Lian had rolled her eyes and looked at him like he was a fool. “Of course, I’m running away with you. If you ran away alone, what would you do if you ran into trouble?” 
After she said this, she had straightened herself up and walked in front of him. 
That picture of an arrogant Qiao Lian had never left his memory. 
Of course, in the end, their attempt to run away failed. 
They both went home.
###Chapter 1168: Their First Collaboration (4) 
The reason had been that, after walking for six hours, Qiao Lian suddenly complained that she was hungry. 
He was hungry too, and had been for some time. 
But when he heard that she needed food, he walked to the side and called home. 
After that, the two families came in their cars to get them. 
As children that had initially ran away from home safely, they ended up going home with their tails between their legs. 
After that incident, he was never that stubborn again. 
“At the time, I vowed to myself that I’d be nothing but good to a girl who would run away from home with me.” 
After Lu Nanze slowly said this, he looked at Qiao Lian with a serious expression on his face. “Qiao Lian, do you know that when you suddenly left the Li family at the time, words could not describe my anxiety? I must have searched the entire Suzhou.” 
Later on, still at a young age, he had taken over the Lu Family enterprise. All so that he could have enough resources to search for her. 
She had accompanied him when he ran away from home. 
So when she went missing, he had taken up the responsibility to find her. 
That had been their youth, and his persistence. 
But he had never thought that it would hurt her. 
He narrowed his eyes at this thought and his gaze fell on her. 
In the dark, her silhouette was still, as though she had fallen asleep. 
But Lu Nanze knew she wasn’t sleeping. 
Qiao Lian, if you were hurt because of what I’ve done, then let me say now that I’m sorry. 
– 
When Shen Liangchuan received the call from Lu Nanze, his expression immediately darkened and turned cold. 
He snorted coldly and made a call to Qiao Lian’s cell phone. However, he could not get through the line. 
Later on, he kept trying to call but the line was dead. 
He frowned, thinking that it must be Lu Nanze’s doing. Feeling helpless, he could only drive home slowly. However upon arriving at home, he found that Qiao Lian had not returned. 
He parked his car and frowned, puzzled. 
Half an hour later, he called a bodyguard who was keeping watch over Qiao Lian and asked, “Where are they?” 
“Sir, they’ve been in the underground parking and haven’t come out of there.” 
Although she had a bodyguard team, they weren’t able to follow her too closely, otherwise they would be easily discovered. 
Since Qiao Lian and Lu Nanze were in the underground parking, they could only wait around there. 
But how could there still be no signs of them after two hours
Shen Liangchuan’s pupils shrank and he instructed them, “Go in and have a look.” 
“Roger.” 
Five minutes later, they called Shen Liangchuan. “Mr. Shen, they’ve disappeared!” 
Shen Liangchuan sprang onto his feet and demanded, “What do you mean they’ve disappeared?” 
“Lu Nanze’s car is still there, but the two of them have disappeared! We went to the office and asked many people, but none of them saw the two come back! They are not in the office either.” 
The moment Shen Liangchuan heard this, his first reaction was that Lu Nanze had kidnapped her. 
After all, it wasn’t as though it hadn’t happened before. 
He quickly said, “Hurry, go to all of Lu Nanze’s properties in Suzhou and check. See if there are signs that he’s been to any of them.” 
“Roger.” 
Shen Liangchuan paced back and forth in the study a few times and then he stopped. 
He had an odd premonition that something had happened to Qiao Lian. 
The next moment, he received a call saying, “Mr. Shen, we’ve just checked the basement surveillance cameras and found- We found that Ms. Qiao and Lu Nanze were abducted by a group of men!” 
Upon hearing this, Shen Liangchuan shot up from his seat and headed out without even putting on his jacket. “Which way did the vehicle go? All of you, come with me!”
###Chapter 1169: Their First Collaboration (5) 
Feeling drowsy, Qiao Lian fell asleep leaning against the cold wall. 
But it was a restless sleep. 
She hadn’t had dinner and her stomach was growling, she was nauseous from the hunger. 
Just at this point in her semi-consciousness, the door was kicked open. 
Qiao Lian’s eyes snapped open in fright and saw a group of people surg into the room. 
Snap! 
The light bulb was turned on. Qiao Lian squinted as the sudden brightness flooded the room. She stretched her hand out reflexively to block some of the light. 
Bleary-eyed, she looked at the few men standing in front of her. 
The man with the braid looked at them fiercely and sneered, “Sheesh, I almost let you spoil my fun! You stinker, I suppose you hit me to protect the girl. I finally figured out how to torture you. Hahaha!” 
Having said this, he headed straight towards Qiao Lian and said, “Tonight, let me give this girl some tender love! Come with me, I’ll fulfill your every desire and make sure you end up in ecstasy. But if you don’t and choose to suffer instead, haha, I’ll make sure you wish you were dead.” 
His words were suggestive and disgusting. When he went near Qiao Lian, Lu Nanze dashed over and stood in front of her. Eyeing the man with the braid, he said, “Why did the one who is giving you orders ask you to abduct her? How are you going to get your money if you kill her?” 
The man with the braid laughed icily when he heard these words and said, “Our job is to make her so ecstatic that she feels like dying! How would she feel that way if we don’t give her some tender love?” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank at those words. 
Initially, she had not thought much about why these people had abducted her. 
Now, reading into what he was saying, it seemed these men had been paid a tidy sum to kidnap her and to torture here?. cm
Torture her. 
Something like this could only be Qiao Yiyi’s doing! 
She gulped and stared in horror as the man with the braid came towards her, a step at a time. 
She quickly extended her hand and cried, “Don’t come near me!” 
Then she started looking around, hoping to find a weapon to defend herself. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
He had made a miscalculation. 
From the moment they were abducted, he had known that it was Qiao Zhigang’s doing. 
He had thought that Qiao Zhigang had done this only to teach him a lesson. But now, it looked like… Qiao Zhigang wanted Qiao Lian’s life. 
She was pregnant, and if she were sullied by these people… 
What would her future be like
Lu Nanze clenched his fists tightly, his gaze following Qiao Lian’s, sweeping the room to find a suitable weapon. 
At the same time, he was wracking his brain for a way to delay things. 
He narrowed his eyes, looked at the man with the braid and slowly said, “She’s pregnant! Where’s the fun?” 
“Pregnant? Well, wouldn’t that feel even better? Hahaha.” 
The man with the braid glanced at Qiao Lian’s stomach. 
Immediately, she placed her hands protectively over it and retreated hastily. 
As Lu Nanze was fretting, he suddenly heard Qiao Lian speak calmly, “If I slept with you, will you let me go?” 
He was stunned and looked at Qiao Lian in a panic. 
The man with the braid paused and then started laughing. “That’s right, what a smart cookie. Come, come with big brother here.” 
At these words, he extended his hand towards Qiao Lian.
###Chapter 1170: Their First Collaboration (6) 
Biting her lip, Qiao Lian put on a humiliated expression and hung her head as she walked towards the man with the braid. 
The man raised his arm and put it around her shoulders. 
But just as the man’s lips were about to come into contact with Qiao Lian, she suddenly shouted, “Stay away!” 
At once, she took a step back and extended her arms, waving the electric baton that she had stolen from the man’s waist. 
“Back off! If you come a step nearer, I’m not going to hold back!” 
Qiao Lian gave them a stern look of warning as she retreated towards Lu Nanze. She said to the man with the braid, “Let us go now or I’ll electrocute you!” 
She pointed the electric baton at them as the men took a step backwards. 
The next moment, the man with the braid said, “That’s crap! I didn’t charge it yesterday. The battery’s flat.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
She quickly tried turning on the switch upon hearing this and, indeed, the end of the baton didn’t react. 
What rotten luck! 
“Hahahaha!” the man with the braid and his underlings all started laughing. 
When they were done laughing, the man with the braid eyed Qiao Lian and uttered an icy humph. “A bad tempered woman indeed, but such women have character! Brothers, charge! Subdue that woman, let me show you what I’ll do!” 
Show them
Not only was he out to shame her, he wanted to make a show of it in front of the others
Qiao Lian gritted her teeth and shook in fury. 
As she watched the men approaching, the electric baton in her hand was suddenly taken away by Lu Nanze! 
Following this, she felt a tight grip over her wrist. Then the man firmly positioned her behind him. 
Staring at his back now, she heard him speak calmly to the men, “If you plan to harass her, you’ll have to get past me first!” 
Holding the baton, he charged towards the group. 
Every movement he made was rhythmic and strong, as the baton fell on the opponents’ legs. When a man was struck, he would cry out in agony. 
Very quickly, with the baton, Lu Nanze forced the men to a retreat. 
Suddenly, there was a clear path to the doorway. 
Qiao Lian knew that if she ran right now, she would be able to escape. 
She bit her lip and heard Lu Nanze shout, “Hurry up and run!” 
He was wearing a white shirt today, but now one couldn’t tell it’s original color as it was in a sorry state, every inch covered in either dirt or blood. 
She stared at him. 
But he was guardedly looking ahead. He turned and glanced at her anxiously, saying, “What are you daydreaming about? I’ll hold them back, you run!” 
She took a deep breath, nodded and shouted, “Thanks, Lu Nanze!” 
She took two steps towards the doorway. 
“Quick, get her, don’t let her run away!” 
The man with the braid shouted. Everyone intensified their efforts. With just a baton, there was no way Lu Nanze could hold the men back. 
Soon, the opponent had a grip on the baton and the battle was in a stalemate. 
Turning around to look, Lu Nanze realized Qiao Lian had gone. 
He sighed in relief. 
Once he did so, he found that all his energy had been drained, his legs were trembling slightly. 
Was he to perish right here today
He laughed icily at this thought. 
The next thing he knew, he heard a cry of alarm, “Stay away! Stay away!” 
When he spun around to look, he saw Qiao Lian charging in with a huge kitchen knife.
###Chapter 1171: Their First Collaboration (7) 
Wielding the large chopping knife in her hand, she was trembling. 
She knew that the logical thing for her to do was to leave and let Lu Nanze stay. 
Because these people would be wary of his status and wouldn’t dare cause him serious harm. 
And because she was pregnant, she could easily suffer a miscarriage from any physical impact, if she returned. 
But she couldn’t bring herself to leave him there alone, especially when he had stayed for her sake. 
She wielded the chopping knife in one hand and stood trembling, as she confronted the men. It miraculously halted some of them. 
The men looked at her in shock and the room fell silent at once. 
She took a deep breath and eyed them cautiously, as she walked over to Lu Nanze. 
The man panicked when he saw her. “Why are you back?” 
Ignoring him, she continued to glare at the men and said, “All of you stay away!” 
They froze as they continued to stare at her, stunned by this knife-wielding woman. 
Qiao Lian told him, “Hurry, come with me!” 
Lu Nanze frowned at once. 
At this point, the man with the braid shouted, “Brothers, charge! This woman is too arrogant!” 
Given this instruction, one of the henchmen took a step forward. 
Qiao Lian quickly wielded the knife in retaliation, but her wrist went numb suddenly and the knife fell on the ground. 
She immediately panicked, but looked at the men steadily. The next moment, Lu Nanze had yanked her and shoved her behind him. 
She bit her lip and then, with her back against his, she said slowly, “Let’s get even!” 
When he heard Qiao Lian’s suggestion, he nodded, narrowing his eyes at once. 
In a flash, the two of them were surrounded by the muscular men. 
Qiao Lian and Lu Nanze both had had no dinner that night and right now they were hungry, cold and weak. On the other hand, their opponents were all muscular men. One look and it was clear the two would surely not win the fight. 
Qiao Lian clenched her fists tightly. 
She heard Lu Nanze asking her, “Why did you come back?” 
That was the second time he was asking. 
He urgently needed an answer—an answer that would satisfy him. 
Qiao Lian had no idea what was in his mind and said at once, “Is this an appropriate time to be asking this question? You should be thinking about how we can escape. It would be more useful!” 
She frowned and continued, “Lu Nanze, do you remember when we were kids, we used to play house and once we were surrounded by thugs? I wonder if we could take on this bunch like before.” 
Lu Nanze was stunned for a moment when he heard this. A dull glimmer flashed across his eyes. 
At the same time, the man with a braid said, “Brothers, charge! This woman is pregnant and she has no strength!” 
As he said this, a few of the men charged ahead. 
Qiao Lian looked around guardedly. 
At this point, someone approached. 
She gave a spiral kick and, as her leg landed on the man, Lu Nanze raised the baton and dropped it on the shoulder of another man who was charging at Qiao Lian. 
The fight started! 
Qiao Lian made an all-out effort a few times and coordinated well with Lu Nanze. 
But very soon, she was feeling a physical drain. 
Both her legs had gone weak, and she was even feeling pain in her abdomen. 
Biting her lip, her forehead broke out in breads of perspiration. 
At this point, a wave of pain spread through her stomach. She bent over uncontrollably and at the same time, one of the men holding a stick was charging at her…
###Chapter 1172: Their First Collaboration (8) 
Once she saw the stick, she knew that if it came down on her, she would be in a bad situation. 
But the pain in her belly didn’t allow her to stand up, she couldn’t even move. 
She stared wide-eyed as the stick was about to come down on her body and, suddenly, she heard a shout, “Be careful!” 
At once, Lu Nanze lunged towards her. All she heard was the stick falling with a crack on someone’s body. 
She looked up in horror and saw that Lu Nanze had used his own body to shield her from the beating. 
Widening her eyes in shock, she looked at Lu Nanze in disbelief. She hadn’t thought that this was a scene that she would ever witness. 
Even though he had stayed for her sake, it was incomparable to how shaken she was feeling right now. 
In that moment, it was as though she had forgotten the pain and the fear. She just stared steadily at Lu Nanze. 
She could hear the man with the braid saying, “For f*cks sake, let’s beat this damned couple to death!” 
Then more punches rained down. 
Squatting on the floor, Qiao Lian covered her head as Lu Nanze protected her body. 
She could hear the impact of the strikes on his body and tears started to streak down her face. 
She remembered now. 
When they were younger, they used to have fun and skip school together. They were arrogant and had done reckless things together. 
Once, her teacher had called her parents to school. 
When they got home, her mom had wanted to give her a beating. At that time, Lu Nanze had done exactly the same as what he was doing now. He had shielded her and taken the hit for her. 
The fact was that they had been really, really close in their younger days. 
But how had they come to this point now
Qiao Lian cried her heart out and, as she cried, she called out to him, “Lu Nanze, get out of the way, let them hit me.” 
“Lu Nanze, you don’t have to do this.” 
“Lu Nanze, you…” 
Then her cries got softer as her sorrow grew. 
In this chaos, she finally heard a voice that was like the most wonderful sound of nature, “Stop!” 
Her head snapped up at once and she saw, standing at the doorway, like a god from the heavens, Shen Liangchuan. 
With his back to the light, he was already dashing over to them. After he saw clearly what the situation was, his pupils shrank and he raised his hand. 
These men were already injured from the tussle with Qiao Lian and Lu Nanze earlier on. 
Single-handedly, Shen Liangchuan yanked them out of the way and helped Qiao Lian up by her arm. He asked anxiously, “Are you ok?” ?ned. co
He had no idea how panic-stricken he looked at that moment. 
He was frightened to death. 
Ever since he had found out Qiao Lian had been abducted, right up to the moment he found his way to this place alone, he had been overcome by fear as all sorts of scenarios played out in his mind. 
It was only when he saw the crying Qiao Lian and the bloody Lu Nanze in the flesh that he could finally relax. 
But at the same time, the fear and anxiety that he had had now turned into boundless fury. 
He spun around and glared at the men. 
Meanwhile, Qiao Lian, now helped to her feet by Lu Nanze and standing, turned towards him and asked, “Lu Nanze, are you ok?” 
When Lu Nanze saw Shen Liangchuan, his pupils shrank back. He picked himself up upon hearing Qiao Lian’s question. 
Lowering his head, he spat a mouthful of blood on the floor. 
Following this, Shen Liangchuan asked, “Can you make it still?”
###Chapter 1173: Their First Collaboration (9) 
Straightaway, Lu Nanze’s expression froze as he turned to the other man and said, “?Do you know you should never ask another man that question?” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at him with disdain and replied, “Well then, is that a yes or no? If you can’t then you should say so, don’t force yourself.” 
Lu Nanze clenched his jaw and said through gritted teeth, “No problem!” 
“If it’s no problem, let’s take revenge then!” 
After saying this, the two men stood back-to-back against each other, facing the surrounding henchmen. 
They positioned themselves to isolate Qiao Lian and keep her apart from the men. 
Qiao Lian watched them steadily. 
She knew that Shen Liangchuan had provoked Lu Nanze because being beaten up was a shameful thing for a proud man like him. 
They were men and they had their ego. 
If Shen Liangchuan rescued Lu Nanze, then Lu Nanze would have owed the man a favor. Furthermore, it would have been a permanent embarrassment for Lu Nanze. 
For that reason, they both had to defeat the opponents together. This was the only way to preserve Lu Nanze’s dignity. 
It was likely that, because Shen Liangchuan had seen that Lu Nanze had saved Qiao Lian, he was being considerate towards the man. 
Qiao Lian stood there watching the two men as they punched, kicked and beat the opponent to pulp. She was suddenly distracted. 
These two men were both of such high caliber, they were really too good for her. She didn’t deserve them. 
Five minutes later. 
The men were strewn all over the floor, groaning in pain. 
Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze stood over them, looking at them steadily. 
After a short time, police sirens were heard. The police cars arrived. 
The police got out of their cars and were shocked by the scene. But one glance at Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze sent them scrambling to handcuff the men and take them into custody. 
The police chief looked at the three of them and said slowly, “Do you have time to come with us and give a statement?” 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at Lu Nanze and Qiao Lian then replied, “We’ll take the two of them to the hospital first.” 
The police officer nodded. 
Hurriedly, they called an ambulance. 
The ambulance turned up very shortly. When it arrived, Shen Liangchuan helped Qiao Lian into the vehicle, as her legs were weak and her abdomen was in pain. Then he turned around to look at Lu Nanze, who had been silent all this while. “Do you need help?” 
Lu Nanze pushed his hand away with an icy snort and stiffly entered the ambulance. 
After he got into the vehicle, Lu Nanze took a bench seat in the corner and leaned back, leaving the trolley bed to Qiao Lian. 
Shen Liangchuan sat close to Qiao Lian and fixed his eyes on her nervously. 
The nurse wanted to examine Lu Nanze, however, pointing at Qiao Lian, he said, “Just examine her, that’ll do.” 
Hence the nurse turned back to look at Qiao Lian. 
Shen Liangchuan quickly added, “She’s pregnant. Please examine her and see how she’s doing.” 
The nurse immediately reached out to feel Qiao Lian’s abdomen. After a brief examination, the nurse said, “She’s alright for now, but after going through all of this, the specifics still have to be determined by an examination in the hospital.” 
Upon hearing this, the three of them felt somewhat upset. 
The atmosphere in the ambulance turned gloomy. 
Qiao Lian stared wide-eyed and nervously at the ceiling of the ambulance. 
She hoped that her child was alright. 
As these thoughts ran through her mind, the ambulance arrived at the hospital. The nurses unloaded Qiao Lian and pushed her into the hospital. 
Lu Nanze was still sitting and leaning against the corner of the vehicle with his eyes shut. A junior nurse gave him a light push and said, “Hey, we’ve arrived, wake up.” However, he did not respond.
###Chapter 1174: Their First Collaboration (10) i?d. o
The junior nurse was alarmed and gave him a harder push. Lu Nanze’s body immediately fell on its side. She was shocked and then saw that blood was trickling from the side of his mouth. 
The junior nurse became anxious and yelled, “Someone, come over here quickly!” 
– 
Qiao Lian had remained conscious as she was pushed into the emergency room. Here, the doctor gave her a full body examination. 
The checkup results showed that the child was alright, but there was apparently a slight threat to suffer a miscarriage. In the days that followed, she was to take adequate rest. 
Both Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan felt that they had been lucky. 
As long as the child was alright, then there was a chance and it wasn’t too late. 
They silently sighed in relief. Following this, they were taken to a normal ward for monitoring. 
After settling down in the ward, Qiao Lian looked at Shen Liangchuan. Having been through an abduction ordeal, normality felt like something that had happened a lifetime ago. 
She suddenly reached out to hold him tightly. 
Breathing in his familiar scent slowly calmed her down from how panic-stricken she had felt. 
The fact was that even now, when she recalled charging back into the room with a knife, she felt post-traumatic anxiety. 
If she had lost the baby then, she didn’t know if she would have ever forgiven herself. 
But luckily, it wasn’t too late. 
As she held onto him, she felt his warm hand patting her ever so gently, almost as if it was afraid any sort of strength would hurt her. 
Biting her lip, tears began to roll down her face. 
Her breathing and emotions calmed down after a while and she looked up at Shen Liangchuan, asking, “How is Lu Nanze?” 
The man’s pupils shrank immediately. 
Qiao Lian looked intently at him. He said after a pause, “Two of his ribs were broken and that has injured his lungs. He’s in an emergency operation.” 
– 
Qiao Lian sat in her wheelchair outside the operating theatre, anxiously looking at the lit up sign above the door. 
Lu Nanze was in an operation, his life was in danger. 
The doctor went in and out of the operating theater hurriedly, making her restless and worried. 
As she was waiting, she suddenly heard footsteps approaching. 
Turning around, Qiao Lian saw Dad Lu and Qiao Yiyi hurrying towards them. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately started crying as she looked at the operating theater’s door. “Second Brother, Second Brother, you’ll be alright! Second Brother!” 
Dad Lu furrowed his brow as he peered into the theatre. But when he shifted his gaze and saw Qiao Lian, he looked stunned and said after a pause, “Little Qiao Lian, it’s you!” 
As Qiao Lian looked back at him, a hint of hatred grew in her eyes. “Uncle Lu.” 
Dad Lu frowned. 
They exchanged a look, but neither of them spoke. 
It didn’t take long for Qiao Yiyi to break the silence between them. 
She immediately went up to Qiao Lian and grabbed her arms, hollering, “You tr*mp! You did this to Second Brother! Tr*mp! If he hadn’t tried to rescue you, do you think he would have ended up like this? If Second Brother dies, you’d better accompany him to his grave!” 
Qiao Lian snapped out of her daze. 
She sprang to her feet, shrugged off the grip on her shoulders immediately and delivered a vicious slap right across Qiao Yiyi’s cheek. 
Bam. 
The crisp and sharp slap echoed through the floor of the building. 
Everyone turned and looked at them in disbelief. Then Qiao Lian spoke with a serious expression, “Qiao Yiyi, I should be the one saying that to you! If Second Brother dies, I will make sure you accompany him to his grave!”
###Chapter 1175: Their First Collaboration (11) 
Qiao Yiyi stood rooted to the ground, staring at Qiao Lian questioningly, her authority completely overpowered. 
She gulped before she finally said, “What- what do you mean?” 
“You know very well what I mean! I think you know very well who sent the men. I don’t need to spell it out to you, do I?” 
Qiao Yiyi retreated a step as her pupils shrank. She started to stammer, “What- what are you saying? I don’t understand—” 
“Don’t understand? Then I think Qiao Zhigang would!” 
Since they were captured right up to this moment, Qiao Lian had been trying to figure out who might have done this to her. 
After eliminating all possibilities, there was only one person, Qiao Zhigang. 
And when Shen Liangchuan spoke with the police, it seemed like someone had admitted that they had acted under Qiao Zhigang’s instructions. 
She could almost be certain now that Qiao Zhigang was behind this. 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi with disappointment and sadness. The woman was obviously panicking as she took a step backwards and said, “I’ve said it, I don’t know what you’re talking about!” 
Then she spun around and ran out. 
She had to look for Dad quickly. Now that the matter had blown up, Qiao Lian knew! 
If the people at the police station spilled the beans, that would be the end of her dad. 
Qiao Yiyi ran out of the hospital in a panic. 
– 
In the hospital, Dad Lu stared at Qiao Lian in shock. “You mean…” 
Ignoring the man, Qiao Lian sat back down on her wheelchair. 
This man had killed her parents, she had no regard for him. n?e?. o
Dad Lu was unfazed by Qiao Lian giving him the cold shoulder. He walked to the chairs on the side and sat down quietly, waiting for news about Lu Nanze’s operation. 
Qiao Lian pursed her lips, suddenly upset. 
Lu Nanze, nothing must happen to you! 
Then she said a quiet prayer for him in her heart. 
Shen Liangchuan looked at Qiao Lian as he stood beside her. Although feeling a little jealous still, when he recalled how Lu Nanze had shielded his wife and taken the blows for her, those feelings vanished. 
No matter how much he had hated the man, now he prayed sincerely that Lu Nanze would be alright. 
He hoped that Lu Nanze would make it through with no mishaps. 
The people outside fell silent at once and continued to stare at the operating theater. 
After some time, the door of the operating theater swung open. 
The people surged forward. Because Qiao Lian was feeling unwell and in a wheelchair, she was unable to react quickly. Dad Lu was the first to reach Lu Nanze’s bedside. He looked at the nurse anxiously and asked, “Doctor, how is my son?” 
“Mr. Lu is out of danger, he’s suffered serious injuries and needs to be hospitalised till his bones heal.” 
“Sure, sure, that’s not a problem! He’ll stay in the hospital, he’ll stay.” 
Dad Lu’s eyes were reddened as he followed the trolley bed. 
Qiao Lian followed in her wheelchair till she was at the ward’s door. Once she saw that they had settled Lu Nanze, she looked up and tried to catch a nurse to ask a few questions, when Shen Liangchuan spoke, “When will he wake up?” 
“In about five hours.” 
The doctor explained, “The anaesthesia hasn’t worn off yet.” 
Five hours later. 
Lu Nanze regained consciousness. He saw Qiao Lian when he turned his head and immediately grabbed her hand, asking, “Qiao Lian, have you got your memory back?”
###Chapter 1176: Their First Collaboration (12) 
His question caught her by surprise. 
She looked at Lu Nanze but did not speak. Instead, she pushed his hand away. 
Then she turned her wheelchair around and said, “Rest well, I’ll get the doctor to come and examine you.” 
After saying this, she left the ward. 
As long as he had woken up, all was well. 
She went back to her ward and lay down, finally closing her eyes and falling into a deep sleep. 
– 
In the meantime, Qiao Yiyi had rushed home. Upon seeing Qiao Zhigang, she grabbed his hand and said, “Dad, did you send people to kill Qiao Lian? Those fools have all been nabbed! Qiao Lian is safe, but Second Brother was beaten up badly! Also, I heard that the men held by the police confessed. What are we going to do now?!” 
Qiao Zhigang’s expression immediately changed upon hearing this. He sprang up from his seat, cursing, “These fools!” 
Qiao Yiyi had turned pale in fright. She paced to and fro nervously. “What do we do now? What do we do?” 
Qiao Zhigang narrowed his eyes and said, “Don’t worry and don’t be afraid! If the Lu family tries to pursue this with us, we’ll use the account book! Hmph! If he dares to put me in jail, then I will make sure he keeps me company.” 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes and asked, “But what about now?” 
“What’s there to be afraid of now? You’re carrying a child of the Lu family! They wouldn’t dare to do anything to you.” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. Although that was what Qiao Zhigang claimed, she was still nervous. 
She took a deep breath and nodded. Then Qiao Zhigang got to his feet. 
“Dad, where are you going?” 
Qiao Zhigang immediately said, “I’m going to the hospital to see him.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
– 
At the hospital. 
Qiao Lian had had a good sleep and now felt well-rested. 
Besides some soreness and limpness, she felt well. 
However, the doctor had advised that she needed more bed rest in her first trimester, hence any sort of vigorous exercise would not be suitable. Therefore, Qiao Lian sat gingerly with a straight posture. 
After she had eaten, she got in the wheelchair so that Shen Liangchuan could take her to see Lu Nanze. 
They chatted on the way. 
When they arrived at Lu Nanze’s ward and the moment Qiao Lian was about to push the door open, they suddenly heard Qiao Zhigang’s voice, “Nanze, I feel terrible seeing you in this state. Those useless dogs actually injured you, it’s intolerable! However, I do feel that given they are friends in a way, could you perhaps consider talking to the police and telling them that you’d like to drop the matter?” 
Drop the matter
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and looked at Shen Liangchuan. He made a gesture, signaling her to be quiet. 
She immediately pursed her lips. 
Then she saw that Shen Liangchuan had quietly taken out his cell phone and turned on the recording function. 
Her pupils shrank at once as she raised her thumb at him. 
In the ward, the conversation continued. 
In response to the man’s request, Lu Nanze seemed indifferent. “Uncle, our society is governed by the law and I suggest we abide by the law. How could we settle this in private?” 
Qiao Zhigang was livid and bristled at this in fury. 
He laughed icily and said, “To be honest with you, it’s true I sent those men! Yiyi is pregnant with your child and it’s bad enough that you refuse to acknowledge it. All I wanted to do was to teach that girl Qiao Lian a lesson! But if you really wish to pursue the matter, I can not guarantee that I won’t hand stuff over to the police. The account book… for instance?”
###Qiao Zhigang was boldly threatening him and this stunned Qiao Lian. 
She clenched her fists tightly as she witnessed the situation in the ward. 
Qiao Zhigang’s back was to her, so she could not see his expression. But she could see Lu Nanze’s expression as he lay on the bed, unable to move. 
His expression was stormy, his usual smile had vanished and he looked extremely serious. 
At this stage, he was probably on the edge of a violent rage. 
Qiao Lian stared at him from her wheelchair. 
She had no idea what sort of choice Lu Nanze would make. 
On one hand was his father. If he proceeded with prosecuting, it would mean his father might end up in jail in the case that Qiao Zhigang handed in the account book. 
Given this, would he drop the charges
In a place like Suzhou, if he dropped the charges and protected Qiao Zhigang, then it would become impossible for her to press charges if she wanted Qiao Zhigang punished. 
She forcefully bit her lip, feeling distressed as she watched the situation unfold. 
Initially, after the abduction incident, she had felt that there was already softening when it came to Lu Nanze. 
But now, if Lu Nanze made the decision to protect his father, then the two of them would never be on good terms again. 
She cast her gaze down as these thoughts flashed through her mind. Then she smiled bitterly. 
Actually, wasn’t that how relationships between people worked
One moment they would fight for each other till death, the next moment they would be at odds over some advantage or benefit they could gain. 
Qiao Lian’s lips turned upwards, almost certain about what Lu Nanze was going to choose. 
She lowered her gaze and turned her wheelchair around, but as she was trying to wheel herself away, she found that the wheelchair wasn’t moving at all. 
She looked back and saw Shen Liangchuan standing there with a hand on the wheelchair. He was looking at her steadily. There was a firmness in his expression that she hadn’t noticed. 
She halted and then heard Lu Nanze’s voice coming from the ward, “Actually, my injuries aren’t serious and I’m big enough to overlook what all of you have done.” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank as she heard these words. She felt pain in her heart. 
Her hands were tightly gripping the armrests of the wheelchair. 
Indeed, Lu Nanze had chosen to protect his father. 
She took a deep breath and tried hard to suppress the deepening heartache. 
Qiao Zhigang started to look overjoyed and he sounded very happy as he said, “That settles it then, my good nephew. I knew you wouldn’t let our family down. Your uncle here apologizes to you, haha. I’ll go home now and tell Qiao Yiyi to come and look after you, she’ll take good care of you for sure—” 
Before he could finish, he was interrupted again by Lu Nanze, “I think you misunderstood something.” 
Qiao Zhigang paused as the other man continued, “I’m not done speaking.” . 
He stared at Qiao Zhigang in silence for a moment and then finally said, “I can overlook the fact that you’ve caused me these injuries, but this time your target was Qiao Lian. I think the decision to press charges should be up to her, I have no right to interfere.” 
Everyone was shaken by these words. 
Qiao Lian looked at the pale man on the hospital bed in disbelief. At this point, his usual smile had returned to his face, which was both stunningly beautiful yet frightening at the same time. 
As Qiao Lian bit her lip, she heard Qiao Zhigang blow his top. “What do you mean by that? Isn’t it up to you to let her press charges? I cannot believe for a moment that right here in Suzhou, you can’t handle a girl like Qiao Lian. Lu Nanze, don’t you f*cking talk to me like I’m an idiot! If you can’t get past being beaten up, then just say so!”
###Chapter 1178: Their First Collaboration (14) 
After having said that, Qiao Zhigang saw that Lu Nanze’s expression had turned frosty. “What I mean is what I’ve just said! Your target was Qiao Lian. So shouldn’t she be the one to decide whether to press charges?” 
Qiao Zhigang widened his eyes in horror. He had not expected that Lu Nanze would say that to him in all seriousness. 
He pursed his lips and looked at Lu Nanze. “So you are sure that you wish to settle accounts with me?” 
Looking quite exhausted, Lu Nanze massaged his temple and repeated, “I’ve already said that I’m not getting back at you, it’s Qiao Lian’s decision.” 
On this note, he slid downwards and, as he lay down, concluded, “If there’s nothing else, you may leave.” 
Qiao Zhigang froze. 
He took in a deep breath and spun around, heading towards the door. 
The moment he threw open the door and saw the people outside, he was instantly stupefied. 
From looking extremely furious, he suddenly turned into that simple and honest man once more as he said, “Xiao Lian, why are you here? I heard that you were in trouble so I came over to see you. Are you ok?” 
Looking at her uncle coldly, she could only feel horror. 
Why had she never realized that he was that kind of person
Furthermore, he had considerably good acting skills and an ability to switch roles very quickly. The kind uncle role that he was playing now was way too convincing. 
In the past, he had been that loser, the little brother that needed to be taken care of, but now… 
Qiao Lian bit her lip as she narrowed her eyes and looked at Qiao Zhigang. After a pause, she said, “I’m very well.” 
Qiao Zhigang smiled and looked relieved at once. “That’s good then, that’s good. I can relax now that you’re alright!” 
On this note, Qiao Zhigang glanced at Lu Nanze and suddenly said with a smile, “Qiao Lian, let’s have a few words?” 
Qiao Lian cast her gaze down and nodded, moving to the side with him. She wanted to hear what he had to say. 
The man said unhurriedly, “Qiao Lian, I think you must have offended someone that you shouldn’t have.” 
She smirked and waited for him to say more. 
Qiao Zhigang continued, “Look at how heavy-handed they were, they even beat up Lu Nanze. Have you thought about where these people might be from?” 
Qiao Lian kept silent still, looking at the man impassively and waiting for him to finish. 
Qiao Zhigang was beginning to feel oddly guilty under her stare but continued nevertheless, “In any case, if they dare to do such things in Suzhou, they must have someone backing them for sure. You have neither status nor money, so it’s better that you don’t get entangled. I heard that they were badly beaten up too, so you could consider that as revenge. Now, if you’re willing to let them go, I can try talking to them and asking them not to look for trouble with you any more. What do you think? I’m doing this for your own good, really.” 
Qiao Lian was amazed. 
These words gave her a whole new perspective of the man. 
How could there exist someone as despicable as him
She looked in wonderment at how eloquent he was, like a caring uncle who would negotiate with thugs for his niece’s safety. Unable to tolerate it any longer, she started laughing. 
Taken aback, Qiao Zhigang asked, “Qiao Lian, why are you laughing?” 
Qiao Lian said unhurriedly, “I’m laughing because I wonder how dad never realized what sort of person his little brother really was.” 
Qiao Zhigang’s expression froze as he asked, “What do you mean?” 
Narrowing her eyes, she replied, “I’m no fool, I know very well what’s going on! Where this matter is concerned, I’ll get to the bottom of it.”
###Chapter 1179: Their First Collaboration (15) 
Qiao Zhigang narrowed his eyes when he understood what she meant. 
He eyed Qiao Lian for a moment and said, “What do you know?” 
“It’s not important what I know. What’s important is what you’ve done.” n?e?. Co
The man seemed stunned as he looked at her intently. Ater a moment, there was a look of sudden realization. “You got your memory back?” 
Qiao Lian kept silent. 
Qiao Zhigang snorted icily and warned, “Qiao Lian, I would advise you to drop the charges and stop pursuing the matter. We are family after all!” 
Family. 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help but laugh at those words. She said, “If you thought we were family, would you have joined forces with an outsider to destroy your own company? If you thought we were family, would you have treated my brother and I as you did after our parents died? I don’t think we’re family at all!” 
Qiao Zhigang stared viciously at her and said, “Qiao Lian, whatever you say is meaningless! You say that the Qiao family treated me well? If that was so, why did I not get a cent of the family’s money? If that was so, why was your father the head of the family while I could only play second fiddle and had to depend on your family? We had the same parents! I was the young master of the Qiao family, yet I had to get your father’s approval to spend.” 
He poured out his grievances, but everything he said astonished her. 
At the time, Grandad had passed the business over to Dad so that the shares would not get divided. It was also so that Dad would have enough authority to make decisions for the business. Hence, Qiao Zhigang hadn’t received any part of this. Dad had felt bad and therefore had made a decision to give a portion of shares to him. 
In addition, Dad had even split the yearly bonus equally with Qiao Zhigang. 
But this person was now telling her that he hadn’t been treated fairly. 
It wasn’t fair, but even so, wasn’t Dad his own brother?! 
How could he join forces with other people to kill his brother and have the audacity to say these things now
Qiao Lian stared at the man till he finally finished what he had to say. Then she cast her gaze down and said with an icy smile, “Qiao Zhigang, I will get down to the bottom of my parents’ deaths! It’s best that you get your act together.” 
She started to wheel herself away. 
As she turned, Qiao Zhigang suddenly said, “Qiao Lian, I’m your only relative now. Do you really want to take me to court? Do you really want to further sully the reputation of the Qiao family?” 
Qiao Lian halted and turned around to look at him. “What is left of the reputation of the Qiao family?” 
Her parents’ names had been dragged through the mud. 
As for Qiao Zhigang, what did he have to do with her
On that note, she turned and left. 
Qiao Zhigang stared after her, clenching his jaws tightly. Narrowing his eyes, he turned and walked away. He had to quickly think of a way to make the Lu family confront this matter and resolve it. 
They must not press charges against him. The other party had information on him and if he got sued, they would be able to get witnesses and proof. 
At this thought, he hurriedly picked up his cell phone and called Qiao Yiyi. “I want you to use your pregnancy as an excuse to see Lu Nanze’s father and clarify this matter with him! You have to make him confront this matter so that I’ll be safe. If he doesn’t want to see you, then mention the account book.” 
He would not believe that Lu Nanze didn’t care about his own father. 
If he had to go to jail, then they both would go together!
###Chapter 1180: Their First Collaboration (16) 
Qiao Lian wheeled herself away from Qiao Zhigang and returned to Shen Liangchuan. 
He looked at her and asked, “How was it?” 
She cast her gaze down and replied, “I will never compromise with my parents’ death.” 
Although Lu Nanze had saved her, it didn’t change the fact that there was right and wrong. 
Her parents had put up with a sullied reputation for so many years, she couldn’t possibly let that continue even after they had died. 
At this thought, she lifted her gaze and looked at Shen Liangchuan. 
He nodded as he sharply glanced at her, “We’ll just have to owe him a favor and find a chance to return that someday.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan lowered his voice and asked, “So where are we heading now?” 
Where
They were here initially to see Lu Nanze. 
But now, she suddenly felt that it was only right that she kept a distance from the man. 
Qiao Lian looked away. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi managed to locate Dad Lu in a spa while he was getting a full body treatment. He had a towel wrapped around him when he walked out and saw Qiao Yiyi standing there awkwardly. Taken aback, he asked after a pause, “What brings you here?” 
It was indeed an awkward meeting between the future father-in-law and his future daughter-in-law. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up as she quickly stepped forward. “Uncle Lu, you have to help my father!” 
As soon as she had said this, she lowered her head and started sobbing quietly. 
Dad Lu was stunned and asked, “What’s the matter with your dad?” 
Qiao Yiyi told him what had happened, of course, spinning a tale about how Qiao Lian had harassed her and seduced Lu Nanze, hence her father had had to step in to teach her a lesson. He hadn’t meant to harm her. 
But Lu Nanze and Qiao Lian were now forcing them into a corner and unwilling to forgive them. 
At this point of the story, Qiao Yiyi hung her head and cried pitifully, saying, “Uncle Lu, you know my dad, he doesn’t like being at a disadvantage. It’s true that his methods may not always be right and going to jail to learn is not a bad thing, but I’m worried that if he ends up hating Second Brother, he might hand something over to the police and what do we do then? I mean… like the account book.” 
Dad Lu had impatiently been listening to her ramblings until she said this. Then his pupils shrank at once and he looked up. 
He hadn’t expected the weak and delicate young lady to be this scheming. 
Dad Lu immediately smiled and said, “Isn’t this a simple matter that we can talk through? Don’t worry, your father will be fine.” 
“What about the guys that had been nabbed by the police?” 
“I know the bureau chief, I’ll give him a call later.” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately sighed in relief. 
After she left, Dad Lu picked up his cell phone with narrowed eyes. He walked to the side of the room. 
First, he called the bureau chief. “Xiao Li…” 
Xiao Li was one of Lu Nanze’s friends who was now a high-positioned officer. 
Xiao Li exclaimed, “Uncle Lu, I know why you’re calling, but Second Brother has just called and said that we should handle this matter according to the law.” 
According to the law meant a thorough investigation. 
Dad Lu narrowed his eyes and muttered, “This unfilial son, I’ll go to the hospital right now!” 
After he hung up, he drove straight to the hospital. 
At the same time, police officers had arrived at Qiao Zhigang’s home. They knocked on his door and then said, “Please come with us.”
###Chapter 1181: Goodbye, Second Brother (1) 
Qiao Lian was lying on the bed. She had to stay in the hospital for a few days to be monitored. 
Shen Liangchuan was handling some documents and had to make a call. Hence, taking his cell phone with him, he walked out to the balcony. 
With little else to do, Qiao Lian was browsing Weibo when suddenly the ward door was opened with a loud creak. 
She casually looked up, smiling and saying, “That was fast—” 
Before she could finish and when she looked at the doorway, she realized it wasn’t Shen Liangchuan, but Qiao Yiyi. 
Her eyes were full of viciousness and she was emanating an intense hatred as she looked at Qiao Lian. She said, “My dad has been taken away by the police, you must be gloating now, right?” 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and looked away. “Qiao Yiyi, this is the hospital. Please get out.” 
“Get out? I’m not going to get out!” 
Qiao Yiyi sneered and continued, “Are you feeling guilty? Or are you afraid? Qiao Lian, he is your uncle, do you have to be so heartless?” 
“Heartless?” Qiao Lian was almost speechless. 
“And you don’t think it’s heartless to send thugs to kidnap me?” 
Qiao Yiyi replied immediately, “We were only out to scare you! Look, aren’t you unharmed?” 
So just because she was unharmed, it made the act justifiable
Qiao Lian had never come across this sort of argument. 
Staring at Qiao Yiyi, she asked, “Then what about Lu Nanze?” 
Even Lu Nanze had been beaten up badly. She couldn’t imagine what would have happened if she alone had been abducted. 
She thought of the behavior of that man with the braid. 
She was so angry that her chest felt congested. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes were on fire. “What happened to Second Brother was an accident, that’s a separate matter from yours! You are unharmed, so why won’t you let my dad off
Qiao Lian cast her gaze down, feeling that trying to reason with Qiao Yiyi was a completely futile exercise. She pointed at the door and said, “Get out.” 
“Qiao Lian, don’t you dare be so arrogant!” Qiao Yiyi bit her lip forcefully. Seeing Qiao Lian’s expression infuriated her and she continued, “I’m telling you now, Second Brother will not just stand and watch our family get into trouble!” 
She held her abdomen and smirked. “Uncle Lu is already here. I don’t believe that Second Brother will abandon my father, abandon me, abandon his own child, and abandon his father!” 
She narrowed her eyes and added, “Qiao Lian, just you watch!” 
After saying that, Qiao Yiyi walked out. 
Qiao Lian frowned. For some reason, she was suddenly worried about Lu Nanze. 
He had broken two of his ribs and his condition was serious now. Could his condition worsen if things blew up
At this thought, Qiao Lian threw her blanket aside, put on her shoes and walked out of the room. 
Just as she did so, Shen Liangchuan returned from his phone call. Qiao Lian was about to say something when Shen Liangchuan interrupted with a serious expression, “I just saw that Lu Nanze’s father has turned up. Let’s go and have a look.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
The two of them went to Lu Nanze’s ward. As they approached, they heard voices of people arguing. 
She halted for a moment and exchanged a glance with Shen Liangchuan. Then they continued to walk towards the room. ?ne?. oｍ
As they were about to enter the room, they heard Dad Lu hollering, “You unfilial son, are you trying to get me into trouble now? All because of a woman. Don’t you want your father? Don’t you want your child anymore?!” 
Beside the two men, Qiao Yiyi stood with her head lowered and crying most pitifully.
###Chapter 1182: Goodbye, Second Brother (2) 
Lu Nanze was lying on the bed. .＆nbsp;com
He was in a daze, watching his father berating him. 
He hadn’t known about what had happened back then. It was only much later that he found out what his father had done to Qiao Lian. 
At the time, he had had no idea how he would face her again. 
And now… Dad was standing before him, berating him as though those acts were fully justifiable. 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down, suddenly feeling frustrated. 
The fact was that he felt lost. 
This was his father. Even if he wasn’t the nicest guy around, he was the only family he had. He should protect his own father because he himself wasn’t a good person either. 
He was the sort of person who would sacrifice anything for his own gain. 
But now he suddenly felt that what he had done in the past was wrong. 
Since Qiao Lian had injured her head to defend her child, to the extent that she had almost died, he had started to reflect upon himself. 
Right up to now… 
He suddenly understood what Shen Liangchuan had said once. 
“Like” was when one plucked a flower for himself, so that he could fully own it. 
“Love” was to painstakingly cherish it, to protect it from storms, for the sake of the flower itself. 
In the past, Qiao Lian had always insisted that he didn’t love her. 
What about now
Lu Nanze hung his head and narrowed his eyes. 
He knew that he would only have the chance to compete with Shen Liangchuan if he sent his father to the police. 
But now… 
Lu Nanze slowly lifted his head and looked at Dad Lu. He said after a pause, “I understand, Dad.” 
Immediately, Dad Lu sighed in relief. He took a step forward and patted Lu Nanze on the shoulder. Lowering his head after a moment, he said, “Good son. I knew you wouldn’t abandon your father.” 
After saying this, he turned to look at Qiao Yiyi and said, “And what about her?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
He suddenly said after a pause, “You wish to marry into the Lu family?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Lu Nanze lowered his eyelids and said, “I’ll give you two choices. One, you may marry into the Lu family, however this depends on your sincerity. Two, I let your dad go. Between these two choices, you decide for yourself. Now, both of you please leave. I want some peace and quietness.” 
Upon hearing these words, Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank and an expression of crazed delight started to spread across her face. 
Clenching her fists and looking at Lu Nanze, she said after a pause, “Don’t worry, I know what to do.” 
She turned around and headed out right away. 
Just as Qiao Yiyi walked out of the ward, she ran into Qiao Lian. Hardly able to contain her overflowing joy and ecstasy, she smiled broadly and exclaimed, “Qiao Lian, did you hear that? Second Brother will not let go of me, he likes me!” 
After she had said this, she smiled again and said, “Second Brother is going to marry me! Second Brother is going to marry me!” 
Qiao Lian looked at Qiao Yiyi. It seemed as though the woman had overlooked the implications of Lu Nanze’s words. 
If she wanted to marry into the Lu family, then she would have to persuade Qiao Zhigang to admit that he had hired those men to harm Qiao Lian and, on top of that, destroy the account book. 
But this woman seemed entirely oblivious to the fact that he was her father. 
Frightening, it was too frightening. Her obsession had made her cast aside her own family.
###Chapter 1183: Goodbye, Second Brother (3) 
Qiao Lian fixed her gaze intently on Qiao Yiyi until the woman finally turned and walked away. 
The men in the ward could hear what Qiao Yiyi had just said outside of the room. 
Lu Nanze was obviously shaken as he lifted his head and saw Qiao Lian. 
But Qiao Lian’s face was expressionless as their eyes met. 
He pursed his lips, knowing that she must have overheard what he had said to Qiao Yiyi. He winced and opened his mouth to say something, but eventually no words came. 
Qiao Lian turned and walked away. 
After she left, Lu Nanze stood there and stared at the empty doorway. There was a pained look in his eyes as a wave of sorrow washed over him. His chest tightened in deepening agony as though a part of his heart had been sliced away with a knife. In that moment, even death would have been easier. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi left the hospital and headed for the police station. 
After locating the right people and pulling the right strings, she was finally given a chance to see Qiao Zhigang, who was now locked away. 
He looked at her intently and said, “Yiyi, what did that scumbag Lu Nanze have to say?” 
With a broad smile on her face, Qiao Yiyi said, “Dad, Second Brother says he’s going to marry me!” 
Qiao Zhigang’s eyes lit up with hope as he asked, “When are they going to release me?” 
Biting her lip, Qiao Yiyi replied, “Dad, I may have to trouble you for a while longer. Second Brother doesn’t want you to leave here just yet, because as you also know, Qiao Lian has got Shen Liangchuan backing her. He’s not only a Best Actor, he’s also the Shen family enterprise’s successor. Right now, it’s Qiao Lian who doesn’t want to let this matter rest. So now we’re still stuck.” 
Qiao Zhigang frowned, feeling dispirited. After a pause, he said, “So what- what do we do now?” 
Sighing, Qiao Yiyi said, “Dad, the punishment for instigating harm isn’t all that heavy actually. I’ll find you the best lawyer, let’s prepare to fight the case.” ?ne?. ?ｍ
Qiao Zhigang narrowed his eyes and asked, “Yiyi, have you been tricked? Do you mean Lu Nanze can’t resolve a small matter like this?” 
“Dad, Second Brother has agreed to marry me, and we’re even starting to prepare for the wedding. How can this be fake?!” 
Qiao Zhigang frowned upon hearing those words and he said, “No, I still feel there’s something off about this whole situation.” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and lowered her voice, saying, “Dad, the truth is that Dad Lu is terribly worried about the account book, so he’s forcing Second Brother to marry me. Even if Second Brother treats you and me like dirt, he wouldn’t treat his own father like that.” 
Still frowning, Qiao Zhigang said after a silent pause, “Fine! If I can exchange being in jail for a few years for your lifelong happiness, it’s worth it!!” 
At once, Qiao Yiyi looked at her father and asked, “In this case, Dad, where’s the account book? I’m about to get married, and you know Second Brother’s temperament well. You should know that I need some sort of leverage to be able to control him.” 
Qiao Zhigang thought for a while and then said, “The account book is kept…” 
– 
Upon leaving the police station, Qiao Yiyi hurried home. Once she arrived at home, she went into Qiao Zhigang’s study and very quickly located the account book in a well-hidden location. 
The account book was tattered and torn but all these years, she had depended on it to meet Second Brother. 
And now, she would have to depend on it again to marry Second Brother. This account book had simply been her lucky star. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi stashed the account book into her bag and ran out of the house again.
###Chapter 1184: Goodbye, Second Brother (4) 
She understood that, when Second Brother said that she had to show some sincerity, this is what sincerity referred to. 
Only when she handed over the account book to Dad Lu, everything would be resolved. 
Qiao Yiyi was at once excited by this thought. 
But she could have never imagined that this account book would eventually cause so much trouble in the end. 
– 
Qiao Lian returned to her own ward. 
She stared blankly at the wall for a moment and then suddenly said to Shen Liangchuan, “I want to be discharged.” 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at her and without hesitating said, “Alright, I’ll get someone to start the discharging procedure.” 
Qiao Lian continued nodding. 
After a moment, Qiao Lian suddenly said, “Shen Liangchuan, it’s also not so wrong that Lu Nanze chose to protect his father, is it?” 
After all, if her own father did something wrong, she too would find it impossible to place righteousness before family, right
She cast her gaze down but still, deep down in her heart, there was profound melancholy. i?re?. ?m
She understood Lu Nanze’s intentions. 
Qiao Zhigang had hired people to abduct them, hence to avenge her, he wouldn’t let Qiao Zhigang get away easily. The best scenario for the man was probably a lifetime in jail. 
However, being human also, Lu Nanze could not just send his own father to jail. Hence, to resolve the issue of the account book he could only marry Qiao Yiyi. 
But how could this be ok
Even if Lu Nanze had saved her, all that she owed him was her life. 
There was no way she would compromise her parents’ innocence just like that. 
She bit her lip. After a moment, she looked at Shen Liangchuan and said, “The account book is with Qiao Zhigang. What can we do now?” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes and replied, “Steal it, of course.” 
Steal it. 
Narrowing her eyes, Qiao Lian thought, “Lu Nanze, I hope you won’t hold this against me!!” 
Shen Liangchuan spoke again, “I’ve arranged for people to steal the account book from Qiao Yiyi, but as you know, this is Suzhou.” 
Not Beijing. 
In this place, Lu Nanze was obviously more powerful than Shen Liangchuan. 
If Shen Liangchuan could think of stealing the account book, then Lu Nanze could very well expect it. Hence it was likely that there were many people planted around Qiao Yiyi at this point. 
Qiao Lian paused for a moment after she heard this and then asked, “What are the chances that you get your hands on it?” 
“20 percent.” 
Qiao Lian fell back on her wheelchair in disappointment. 
As she contemplated this, Shen Liangchuan suddenly said, “But if my men fail at this, then the both of us can try it in the hospital.” 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back at once. “What do you mean?” 
“What I mean is that once Qiao Yiyi gets her hands on the account book, she’ll come to the hospital for sure to give it to Lu Nanze.” 
Qiao Lian’s eyes widened and lit up all at once. 
Qiao Yiyi took a cab to the hospital, completely oblivious to the fact that a few fights had already taken place behind her. 
The number of people that Lu Nanze had mobilized to protect her was five to six times more than Shen Liangchuan’s men. 
Hence, Shen Liangchuan’s men were no match at all for Lu Nanze’s. 
Thus Qiao Yiyi arrived at the hospital safely. 
Standing at the entrance of the hospital, she stared at the building excitedly, thinking that once she handed the account book to Second Brother, their marriage would be ready to happen. 
But… 
She narrowed her eyes and called Dad Lu. “Uncle, I’ve got what you want, but shouldn’t you show your sincerity as well?” 
Dad Lu immediately said, “Good, good niece. From now on, you have to live happily with Lu Nanze. I’ll go and announce the marriage!”
###Chapter 1185: Goodbye, Second Brother (5) 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up at once. 
For a huge public listed company such as the Lu family’s, every move the chairman made was closely watched by the rest of the world. 
The Lu family’s company shares were pricey and, in addition, Lu Nanze’s bachelorhood had been the focus of everyone’s attention since his situation would have a huge impact on the company. Hence, the well-doing of their shares had been controversial in recent years. 
If Dad Lu announced the marriage, then there would be no two ways about the union. 
Because if Lu Nanze backed out of the marriage, then the Lu family’s company shares would collapse. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi was most satisfied. 
She quickly said, “Uncle Lu, I’m just outside the hospital. Once the announcement is out, I will come in and hand the account book to Second Brother.” 
“Great, the press release is ready and we only need to announce. Since you’ve said this, my good niece, I will make this a grand affair for you.” 
Five minutes later, the news came and it rocked the Suzhou industry: 
[Lu family enterprise Chairman Mr. Lu Nanze and Ms. Qiao Yiyi officially engaged and will marry within two months.] ?． cｏ
The moment this was released, Qiao Yiyi laughed immediately, feeling that her long-time dream had finally materialized. 
It had been eight years. 
Since Qiao Lian had left right up till now, it had been eight long years. 
Every day, she had kept dreaming of marrying Lu Nanze. 
And today it was finally happening! 
She really was going to marry Lu Nanze. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes sparkled with excitement, as though filled with the joy of gaining something. She felt as though she was walking on air. 
Then she quickly entered Lu Nanze’s ward. 
Lu Nanze was sitting up on the bed reading. When he heard her enter, he looked up. His pupils shrank upon seeing her. “You’ve brought the book?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded at once. Then, as though presenting a treasure, she held the account book out to Lu Nanze. 
He lowered his head and flipped through the book. 
Although he didn’t understand everything that was in it, seeing the itself made him feel like everything was coming to an end. 
As long as this account book was destroyed. 
From then on, the Lu family would no longer be held hostage by the Qiao family. 
Qiao Zhigang had already confessed and he would spend the rest of his days in jail. 
As for the fool Qiao Yiyi, he had no regard for her. 
At this thought, Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and said, “Bring me a brazier.” 
Immediately, an assistant left the room and brought in a brazier. 
Lu Nanze looked steadily at the brazier and then at the account book. 
He knew that once the account book was burnt to ashes, his father would be safe forever, there would no longer be any hidden trouble. 
But he also knew that this act would burn away whatever lasting mutual affections that Qiao Lian had for him. 
With narrowed eyes, he looked at the for the longest time and slowly, he raised the account book over the brazier. 
– 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan were dashing towards Lu Nanze’s ward with a few men. 
On the way, there were people trying to obstruct, but they were all put down by Shen Liangchuan. 
Very soon, they arrived at the ward. 
There were two bodyguards standing outside and they held the group back, barring them from entering. 
Shen Liangchuan immediately suppressed the two men and shouted at Qiao Lian, “Get yourself in there!”
###Chapter 1186: Goodbye, Second Brother (6) 
Qiao Lian nodded, lowered her head and sneaked into the ward. 
The moment she entered, she saw Lu Nanze and Qiao Yiyi standing there. Lu Nanze was holding something that looked like an account book, getting ready to set it ablaze in the brazier. 
Qiao Lian’s eyes shone as she stepped forward in a flash, moving faster than she would normally do. Seeing that Lu Nanze was about to drop the account book into the brazier, she reached out and grabbed the , saying, “Lu Nanze, give it to me!” 
Even though he was injured, he moved very quickly and dodged her. He held the account book by his side and looked up at her asking, “Why are you here?” 
Biting her lip, Qiao Lian said, “Lu Nanze, you know me, I mean what I say. Lu Nanze, do you know that all these years, my parents’ names have been dragged through the dirt? Do you know that my brother and I have been called the scammers’ children all this time? And do you know how sad I feel every time someone curses at my parents?” 
“I know you have nothing to do with what happened eight years ago. But do you think it’s right of your father to do this to my family for the sake of your family business? Now my family’s ruined and the people dead! I suppose the fire at that time was a planned move to fool people too.” 
“Lu Nanze, you have no idea how it feels. I want to restore my parents’ reputation! This account book belongs to the Qiao family, I want you to return it to me.” 
“Lu Nanze, return it to me, or I will hate you for the rest of my life!” 
As she uttered these heartbreaking words, she started to cry. 
She looked at the account book anxiously. 
If it got destroyed, then her parents reputation would be ruined forever. ?ned. co
All these years, she had endured hardships and lived a miserable life in hope that one day she could clear her parents’ names. 
But now that the account book was just before her eyes, she was helpless to do anything. 
Her voice trembled as she spoke these words with fury. 
Biting forcefully her lip, she glared at Lu Nanze, but everything she saw was a blur as tears rolled down her face. 
Lu Nanze felt completely lost as he looked at the highly distressed Qiao Lian. 
He reached out and said, “Don’t cry, Qiao Lian.” 
But before he could finish speaking, Qiao Lian quickly dashed for the account book. 
Her hand almost touched the book, but she was up against a man like Lu Nanze. He immediately grabbed her wrist with one of his hands and with the other hand, tossed the account book into the brazier. 
At once, the flames in the brazier jumped into the air and the cover of the account book was devoured. 
Qiao Lian was almost dying of anxiety. 
Without a second thought, she reached into the flames with her free hand to rescue the account book. 
Her hand was almost right in the brazier. 
At this point, Lu Nanze used his other hand to grab her wrist tightly. 
Now her hand was right over the brazier. 
And his hand was over hers, stopping her from reaching in. 
At the same time, the flames from the brazier sparkled in the air. 
Qiao Lian was going crazy, but the next moment the smell of something burning filled her nostrils. 
She froze and suddenly realized… 
Lu Nanze had forced her hand back but while doing this, his own arm had gotten exposed over the brazier. 
In that moment, his arm was being grilled by the angry flames and that was where the smell was coming from.
###Chapter 1187: Goodbye, Second Brother (7) 
Her pupils shrank back as she looked at Lu Nanze. 
He was staring at her with stubbornness in his eyes. 
He said slowly and clearly, “Qiao Lian, I’m sorry.” 
He was sorry that he could not let his father go to jail. Even if murder had to be punished, would he be the one to send his father to the guillotine
That wasn’t possible. 
Qiao Lian merely felt an explosion of fury inside her chest. 
She glared at him with hatred in her eyes. 
She was infuriated. 
He would rather get burnt in order to destroy the account book. All for his father’s sake! 
It wasn’t wrong of him to protect his father, but what about her parents’ reputation? Who was going to defend them
Were they to die just like that
That feeling of injustice overwhelmed her and, like a child who had been wronged, tears started to pour down her face. 
Her gaze fell on the brazier. 
The account book had been half burnt. 
And Lu Nanze’s arm was blistering badly now. 
If this continued, his arm would be crippled. 
She was angry enough to let him lose an arm. 
But she looked up suddenly and their eyes met. 
For some odd reason, her memories of the arrogance in his youth, the way he had sacrificed himself to save her when they were abducted, came to her and she suddenly led his hand away from the brazier. 
His hand was still tightly clasped around her wrist, their arms locked over the centre of the brazier. 
Then, she watched helplessly as the account book burnt to ashes, disappearing forever. 
The room was silent, only the flames danced as they too began to disappear. 
At last, Lu Nanze let go of Qiao Lian. 
She stared at the brazier as eight years of grievances suddenly erupted within her. 
Right there and then, even her tears seemed to have forsaken her. 
She felt greatly dejected. 
There was no way to prove her parents’ innocence. 
The hard work that she had put in for so long had come to nothing. 
Her fingers curled into fists with strength and she clenched her jaw tightly as she glared at Lu Nanze. Through gritted teeth, she said slowly one word at a time, “Lu Nanze. I, Qiao Lian, will never forgive you. For the rest of my life.” 
After these words, she turned and walked out. 
Lu Nanze sat on his bed and stared at her figure vanishing in the distance. 
He extended his hand to ask her to stay, but that stretched hand could not reach her disappearing silhouette. 
He stared blankly into thin air for a moment and then hung his head. 
He felt as though a knife had been plunged into his heart, repeatedly grinding to go deeper. 
He knew that there would never be any possibility of being together with her ever again. 
– 
As Qiao Lian walked out of the ward, she burst out in tears. 
She sobbed as she walked. 
Crying like a dam unleashed, her tears rolled down her face non-stop. 
When she saw Shen Liangchuan, who had by now subdued the two bodyguards at the door, she started bawling loudly at once. 
She flew into his embrace and cried her heart out. 
“The account book is gone, my parents’ reputation is tarnished forever.” 
“Everyone in the world thinks they were scammers, but they weren’t. They were good people, they were kind and generous, they were charitable and contributed much to society.” 
“Shen Liangchuan, I’m so devastated, so very devastated… What should I do? What about Qiao Yi?”
###Chapter 1188: Goodbye, Second Brother (8) 
She had worked so hard for something she had deeply believed in for eight years, and her hopes had all collapsed in that moment. She felt as though her whole life had been a joke. 
Full of grievance, she cried heart-wrenchingly. 
As she was crying, she suddenly heard a voice behind her, “Qiao Lian, now you know who Second Brother likes the most?” 
Qiao Lian froze and turned around. She saw Qiao Yiyi’s silhouette through her tears. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there and said haughtily, “Qiao Lian, I’ll have you know that Second Brother and I are getting married soon. We are a match made in heaven. You and he will never be together!” 
“Second Brother ultimately chose me and his father.” 
“Qiao Lian, I’ll have you know that in the past I had to live in your shadow. Both of us are granddaughters of Grandad, so why were you the favorite? Was I born with a lower status? Just because your father was born two years before mine? I’m telling you now, I will not just accept this.” 
“I’ve worked hard for eight years and finally, Second Brother is taking a second look at me. Now I’m going to be Mrs. Lu. Hahaha, I’ve finally succeeded!” 
Qiao Lian’s nails dug into the palms of her hands. 
She had had all her hopes destroyed because of the destruction of the account book, so she didn’t register any of Qiao Yiyi’s words in that instant. 
She could only stare at Qiao Yiyi and say with an icy smile, “Qiao Yiyi, did your father betray the Qiao family for all of this?” 
This was just too ridiculous to conceive. 
When the Qiao family was doing well, Qiao Zhigang was, at the very least, brother of the head of the family and Qiao Yiyi, at the very least, would have had the Qiao family to rely on after getting married, but now… 
“The most important thing in a political marriage is family. Do you think that a woman who marries into the Lu family without family support can survive?” 
“Qiao Yiyi, you are so foolish. If I were you, I’d never have handed the account book to him, never. I’d have kept the account book as leverage against him forever. Like this, at the very least, he’d never mistreat me.” 
These words stunned Qiao Yiyi. She widened her eyes. 
She remembered what her father had said—that she must never give the account book to Lu Nanze. 
But still, she had. 
Because the marriage had been announced. How could Second Brother not fulfill the marriage arrangement? If he really didn’t and the matter blew up, it would severely damage the Lu family’s reputation. At that point, their company’s share price would surely tumble. 
Besides, she was carrying Second Brother’s child. 
The moment she thought of the child, she immediately straightened her posture and smirked in confidence. 
“Even if Second Brother doesn’t treat me well, I am bearing his child. He’s always been a responsible person, he will not abandon us. Qiao Lian, on the contrary, you will have to bear a sullied reputation. Everyone who sees you will say, look, that’s the daughter of those scammers. I wonder how that will feel?” 
The moment she said this, Qiao Lian straightened her posture. 
She walked towards Qiao Yiyi. The latter retreated a step in fright and asked, “What- what do you want?” 
Before she could finish speaking, something flashed before her eyes and a sound slap landed right across her face. 
Bam. 
The crisp and clear slap echoed through the corridor. 
Qiao Lian glared at Qiao Yiyi and said in a dangerous tone, “What did you just say? If you have the guts, say it one more time!” 
Her face was burning with fury. Her parents could never be proven innocent ever again, it was a topic she couldn’t let slide.
###Chapter 1189: Goodbye, Second Brother (9) 
Qiao Yiyi had now rubbed her the wrong way. 
Like an enraged bull, or a lion in the wrong mood. 
Qiao Lian’s vicious expression frightened Qiao Yiyi so much that the latter quickly retreated a step, not daring to pursue the topic. She looked at Qiao Lian in a daze and muttered, “What- what do you want? Are- are you afraid that I will tell everyone about your parents
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes at Qiao Yiyi’s reaction and replied with determination, “Qiao Yiyi, let me tell you one thing, the innocent will always be innocent! Even if I have no way to prove it to the world, I’ve never been afraid to tell others who my parents were. I am proud of them. Don’t impose your own filthy perspectives on others! You can abandon your own father for the sake of luxury and money, but I would never have done that.” 
Qiao Yiyi was infuriated and retorted, “Qiao Lian, don’t try to use your sharp tongue here. Even if you’re not afraid, haven’t you spared a thought for Shen Liangchuan? He’s in an awkward position, he’s a Best Actor and gets a lot of attention. If people keep saying that his wife is the daughter of scammers, what do you think he’ll do?” 
What would he do
Qiao Lian turned around and looked at Shen Liangchuan. e?.＆nbsp;c?
But he had already started saying, “Don’t worry too much about what goes on between my wife and me. We are husband and wife, we are one.” 
After speaking, he reached out and put his arm around Qiao Lian, saying, “Don’t lower yourself to her level and join the dogfight. Do you bite a dog back just because it has bitten you? Let’s go.” 
Qiao Lian then realized that Qiao Yiyi had angered her. 
At that moment, the worst thing she could do to her own health was to get too emotional. 
She had to calm herself down as soon as possible. 
Hence, she gave Qiao Yiyi an icy look, turned around and left with Shen Liangchuan. 
Qiao Yiyi stood on the spot and looked at the two departing figures. 
Her gaze fell on Shen Liangchuan’s arm. 
One of his arms was supporting Qiao Lian and the other was lightly wrapped around her waist from the back, protecting her in his embrace. 
It was as though he was caring for some rare treasure. It was a small gesture that showed much affection and love. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. 
Suddenly, she felt a hatred that came from envy and jealousy. 
In the past, she had been quite sure that, between them, Qiao Lian was the one who had pestered him endlessly, but now it looked like… Shen Liangchuan was truly good to her. 
And compared to her, they were worlds apart. 
Biting her lip still, she suddenly placed her palm on her cheek and walked into Lu Nanze’s ward. 
The classy VIP room was indeed well sound-proofed. Lu Nanze had not heard the exchange that had just gone on. 
He was now sitting on his bed, staring blankly into the distance. 
He looked at the blue skies outside the window as though trying to see past the thick layer of clouds. 
He did not react when Qiao Yiyi came into the room, but continued staring with a distant look in his eyes. 
There was a sense of emptiness in him, of deep dejection. 
Qiao Yiyi cleared her throat once. He did not react still. 
She walked purposefully to the window and stood in front of him, calling him, “Second Brother.” 
Deliberately, she showed him her profile. 
His gaze finally fell on her and saw the distinct red mark of a slap. He paused and asked, “She slapped you?”
###Chapter 1190: Goodbye, Second Brother (10) 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up and she quickly put on a hurt expression, saying, “Yes.” 
She turned towards him and showed him a teary face. She then said accusingly, “Second Brother, don’t you know? She’s so unreasonable! I’m her elder cousin but she doesn’t respect me a bit! She even slapped me, and this was really painful.” 
As she spoke, she suddenly realized that Lu Nanze was looking at her face but at the same time seemed to be somewhere else. 
Slightly taken aback, she probed, “Second Brother?” 
“Her hand. Did the slap hurt her hand?” 
He finally spoke, but his words infuriated Qiao Yiyi. 
She had been slapped, but all that Second Brother asked was if it had hurt that woman’s hand. 
She was stunned and stood rooted to the ground. “Second Brother?” 
“Such an angry mark. It looks like she used a lot of force. Do you think it could have hurt her hand?” 
Qiao Yiyi felt a burning sensation in her eyes immediately and she protested, “Second Brother, how can you be like this? That tr*mp—” 
“Shut up!” Lu Nanze hollered at her. 
Qiao Yiyi paused in shock. 
Lu Nanze’s expression turned vicious all of a sudden. “If I hear you call her a tr*mp again, don’t blame me for being nasty.” 
His sinister tone sent a shudder down her spine. 
Like a fool, she stared back at him. 
Then she gulped and said, “Second Brother, how- how can you treat me this way? She hit me. How could you say that?” 
“What should I say then, if not that? Your father and my father killed her parents. And you feel that the slap she gave you is unjust?” r?d.＆nbsp;cm
She didn’t know how to answer that. She only looked at him steadily and said, “But Second Brother—” 
“But what?” Lu Nanze slowly raised his gaze and the corner of his lips suddenly curled up into an icy smile. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and said, “But we are about to get married! I’m your fiancée. Slapping me means slapping you!” 
After these words were spoken, Lu Nanze slowly said, “Who said we’re getting married?” 
Qiao Yiyi froze on the spot and said, “Second Brother, what- what do you mean?” 
“What I just said. Literally.” 
“Second Brother, you are not marrying me?” 
“That’s right.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him in disbelief. “How could you do that?” 
“Why not?” 
“Your father has already announced our marriage!!” 
Lu Nanze said in an evil tone, “I can always call it off.” 
“You- you-” Qiao Yiyi pointed her finger at him and said, “How could you not keep your word? You said that if I gave you the account book, you’d marry me! Second Brother, you can’t abandon me.” 
Lu Nanze opened his mouth and was about to say something when Dad Lu suddenly pushed open the door and walked into the ward. 
Noticing the situation in the room, he paused and asked, “What’s going on here?” 
“Uncle Lu, you have to speak on my behalf! Second Brother says that he wants to call off the wedding!” 
“Call it off? How can we call it off?!” Dad Lu frowned. 
Lu Nanze said, “The account book has been destroyed, why would we still need the marriage?” 
Dad Lu was stunned and said, “But she- she- Isn’t she pregnant with your child?” 
Upon hearing those words, Lu Nanze threw her a glance. Then he smirked and said, “And you think she’s good enough?” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and replied, “Second Brother, what do you mean?! I’m carrying a child in me, how could that be fake?!”
###Chapter 1191: Goodbye, Second Brother (11) 
“Oh, the child is not fake.” 
Qiao Yiyi sighed in relief and said, “Well then, Second Brother, you must not abandon us.” 
Dad Lu nodded in agreement. “That’s right, we have to keep the child! Besides, I’ve announced your marriage. If you don’t keep your word, the company’s reputation will be affected and our share prices will drop.” 
“What if I say the child is not mine?” 
These baseless words immediately stunned Qiao Yiyi and Dad Lu into a daze. 
Dad Lu was quiet for a long time before he said, “What do you mean?” 
“I simply mean the child is not mine.” 
“How is that possible?!” 
“That is not possible!” 
Dad Lu and Qiao Yiyi both exclaimed loudly at once. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately hollered, “All my life, I’ve only been with one man. How could this child not be yours?! Second Brother, how could you smear my name like this!” 
She was so angry and her eyes had reddened. She felt terribly wronged. 
During all these years, although she had only been with Lu Nanze once every few months, the fact remained that she had only ever been with one man. 
So what did Second Brother mean? Was he trying to deny the child was his?! 
She bit her lip and stared at him. 
Then Lu Nanze said slowly and deliberately, “All these years, the person who you slept with was Zhao Yang.” 
“How is that possible?!” 
Lu Nanze smiled and drawled, “Did you really think that I’d get pushed around by a woman like you? The person who touched you has always been Zhao Yang. Think about it carefully, have I really ever touched you?” 
Had he really ever touched her
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
Every time, she would have some red wine first and then get very excited. Inevitably, she would get drunk. 
Now that she thought about it, she had always been able to hold a few drinks. How could she possibly get drunk on a glass of red wine
Her legs slightly gave way and she tottered, taking a step back. She stared at Lu Nanze in disbelief. 
She gulped and asked, “Why?” 
“Because I feel disgusted even just by looking at you.” 
Qiao Yiyi was on the verge of falling apart. 
With a shocked expression, she looked at Lu Nanze and her lips quivered, unable to utter a single word. 
Second Brother actually disliked her to the extent that he wouldn’t even touch her
She was shaken by this reality and looked at Lu Nanze, not daring to believe any of this. Finally, she shifted her gaze to Lu Nanze and pleaded, “Uncle Lu, Uncle Lu, this isn’t true! You have to believe me, this child belongs to Second Brother! You have to speak up for me! Uncle Lu!” 
Dad Lu frowned and said, “You don’t even know who you slept with?” 
Qiao Yiyi paused and finally said through gritted teeth, “It was Second Brother!” 
Lu Nanze laughed icily and replied, “Then keep the baby and after it has been delivered, we’ll do a DNA test.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank upon hearing those words, and she started to look less confident about her claim. 
Dad Lu understood at once what had happened from her body language and his expression froze. “So it turns out you’re a sullied woman! Then of course this marriage is not valid. I’d rather my company shares fall a few dollars, than accept bringing up another man’s child! I will not agree to this marriage.” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she quickly said, “In this case, I’ll abort the child!” 
“Even if you abort the child, you are not a clean woman. Why should I take a daughter-in-law who has slept with the assistant?” 
Dad Lu’s words were even sharper than Lu Nanze’s and even more shaming. It made Qiao Yiyi feel absolutely sick.
###Chapter 1192: Goodbye, Second Brother (12) 
Qiao Yiyi stood at the door staring at the two men. 
Until finally, Lu Nanze icily ordered for her to leave, “Why are you still here? Scram!” 
“Second Brother, Second Brother, you can’t treat me like this!” 
“Somebody, please take Ms. Qiao away!” 
A bodyguard walked into the room. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw this, she took a step back nervously and looked at Lu Nanze and Dad Lu in devastation. “You can’t treat me like this, you can’t—” 
Before she could finish speaking, the bodyguard cupped his hand over her mouth and dragged her out of the room. After this, he pushed her on the ground and said, “Scram!” 
The tearful Qiao Yiyi stood up, her voice hoarse from crying. 
She shouted in despair, “Second Brother, Second Brother, you can’t treat me like this. You can’t treat me like this.” 
She wept pitifully. 
She had struggled for eight years and was finally able to marry Lu Nanze. 
How could Lu Nanze do this
How could it be possible that the baby she was carrying belonged to Zhao Yang
She knelt on the ground in sorrow and clutched her face with her hands. 
But no matter how she cried and shouted, no one came out of the room. 
Qiao Yiyi sat there and stared ahead in a daze, there were no more tears left to cry. 
She began to feel like she was the biggest joke in the world. 
She thought she had stood to gain, but she hadn’t. 
Now, her father was in jail, the account book was gone… and even the child was fake. 
Everything was a lie. 
All of this had been Second Brother’s doing. 
His words rang in her ears, “I feel disgusted even just by looking at you.” 
Those words felt like large hands squeezing her heart and strangling it. 
It was so painful that she didn’t want to live. 
That was how she felt right now. 
With one hand clutching her chest and her other hand tightly clenched into a fist, she stared at the room as her expression clouded over with hatred. 
Second Brother, since you’re so heartless towards me, then don’t blame me for being disloyal to you. 
She could not come to accept this. 
– 
In the ward, after Qiao Yiyi had been taken away. 
Dad Lu sat next to Lu Nanze’s bed. 
Looking at Lu Nanze, he said after a pause, “Actually Qiao Yiyi is an alright person, why wouldn’t you even touch her?” 
Lu Nanze slowly cast his gaze down and said, “I’m not you.” 
Dad Lu was taken aback by those words. 
Then he said, “You are still thinking about what happened with your mother?!” 
Lu Nanze kept silent. 
Dad Lu lowered his head and agreed, “At the time, I didn’t know any better and your mom died from being so angry at me. I know you hate me, but today I have to thank you.” 
Lu Nanze lifted his head and looked at his father in disbelief as the man continued, “Thank you for destroying that account book for my sake. From now on, I can finally stop worrying.” 
When Lu Nanze heard these words, that sharp pain in his heart came back momentarily. 
The price he had had to pay for destroying the account book had been to ruin all possibilities of ever being together with Qiao Lian. 
He smiled bitterly as he hung his head. 
“Son, I know you’ve never really liked me, but I have already learnt my lesson.” 
“After your mom died, I’ve never been with another woman. After I die and in my afterlife, I hope to reunite with your Mom.” 
“Men, we always have trouble holding ourselves back, but I think it’s not that we can’t, rather than we won’t.” 
“Nanze, Dad knows you’re the best. From now on, I’m handing the business over to you to manage.”
###Chapter 1193: Goodbye, Second Brother (13) 
This was a sudden change in Dad Lu’s usual temperament, he was actually amiably chatting with Lu Nanze. 
Lu Nanze looked steadily at Dad Lu and realized something he had never done before—his dad was growing old. 
He was starting to talk a lot. 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and sighed. 
Dad Lu laughed as he said, “I know, you’re getting impatient. Look, it’s not good that you sit in the room staring into space every day. Why don’t I take you out for a walk? The hospital has quite a pleasant garden.” 
Upon hearing these words, Lu Nanze looked at his father again and nodded. 
Dad Lu walked out of the ward, pushing Lu Nanze on the wheelchair, and they made their way to the garden. 
He tried to talk Lu Nanze around and said, “Nanze, there are many good women in this world, there’s no point in getting all hung up on one. All these years, the reason you haven’t touched Qiao Yiyi was because you still think of that Qiao Lian?” 
Lu Nanze kept silent on this matter, as though he was indignant. 
Every time he eventually thought of what was to happen next, he would feel the wrenching pain of anger. 
Because he never would have thought… 
As they were walking in the garden, they suddenly heard a car engine start up and the sound of it hitting something. 
They turned around and saw a car charging into the garden. 
There was a barrier around the garden, but that car had broken through the fence. 
Lu Nanze frowned. 
He moved the wheelchair a little and said to his father, “Push me up to the top of the stairs, so that the car won’t hit us if it comes inside more.” 
“How could it? I see that it has stopped. I’m sure the driver has realized he’s gone the wrong way.” Dad Lu laughed as he said, “Look at that car. The driver couldn’t even stay on a broad road and drove into the garden, how strange! Haha, one look and you know it’s a new driver on the road.” 
Lu Nanze was getting annoyed by his father’s incessant talking. 
He said immediately, “Dad, can’t you be quiet?” 
Dad Lu got angry at once, “Rascal, look at how to talk to your father? Huh? You—” 
Before he could finish speaking, the two of them heard the revving up of the car engine. They turned around simultaneously and saw that the car that had driven into the garden was now charging straight at them. 
It accelerated quickly and Lu Nanze suddenly saw that the person in the driver seat was actually Qiao Yiyi. 
There was a crazed expression on her face, and she was flooring the accelerator as she drove straight at the two men. 
Then she opened her mouth and shouted, “Lu Nanze, go to hell!!” 
She pressed further down on the accelerator. 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank at once. 
The car was going too fast and there was no time for them to get out of the way. 
Besides, his ribs were broken and he wasn’t mobile. 
There was no way out! 
Just as he thought he was going to die for sure, just when he sensed the force of the car coming at him in that blast of air, he suddenly felt a hard push on his back. 
The whole wheelchair rolled to the side. n?ea. 
Lu Nanze was moved out of the car’s path. 
But the next moment, he heard a loud crash. 
Shocked, he turned around and saw that Dad Lu’s body was already flying through the air due to the impact, which then fell and hit the car hood mercilessly. After this, it rolled off and fell on the ground. 
Bam. 
The body hit the ground with a loud sound. Lu Nanze saw Dad Lu throw up a mouthful of fresh blood. The man’s eyes were wide open as they looked at Lu Nanze and made sure that he was alright. Then, the body relaxed. 
Finally, the body became still and motionless. 
Meanwhile, Qiao Yiyi’s car had also crashed right into a wall in front.
###Chapter 1194: Goodbye, Second Brother (14) 
Lu Nanze squeezed his eyes shut tightly. The world went quiet at once. 
He saw nothing else around him. . Cｍ
Then he stared at the scene of the accident before him. 
Because the car had crashed into the wall, Qiao Yiyi had hit her head and passed out. 
Not far from the car, Dad Lu was lying on the ground. There was no movement in his chest, as though he was no longer breathing. 
All of this had happened too quickly, so quickly that even now, Lu Nanze was incapable to react. 
After ten whole minutes, he finally had an inkling of what was happening. He stood up and dashed over to his father. 
Both of his hands were trembling as he approached Dad Lu. He stared at Dad Lu’s body lying in a pool of blood. 
Blood was flowing out of his mouth and his face was bleeding everywhere. 
Lu Nanze had always been extremely cruel but even then, he had never known that a person could bleed this much. 
He bent over and lowered his body. He reached out and placed his finger under his father’s nostrils, but he didn’t feel any breath on his finger. 
He called him anxiously, “Dad.” 
His lips were quivering. 
He thought of how he had just taken it out on his father a few moments ago because he had chosen him over Qiao Lian. 
He had given his father a cold shoulder and ignored the man’s incessant talking. 
Lu Nanze panicked all of a sudden. 
Those shouldn’t have been his last words to his father! 
He got to his feet at once. The staff around who had heard the accident had already called the doctors in the hospital. 
A doctor hurried over. 
Lu Nanze grabbed his arms anxiously and said, “Hurry, hurry and save my father!” 
The doctor nodded and went to examine the body. Finally, he sighed and said, “He is already inhaling more than he exhales. Mr. Lu, you have to be prepared for the worst.” 
The doctor called for help and got Dad Lu onto a stretcher. They transported him into the operating theater. 
Lu Nanze was numb as he followed them. 
He could not even feel the pain from his broken ribs now. 
He simply stood outside the operating theater with his gaze fixed on the inside. 
An hour later, the operating theater door swung open and the doctors walked out. 
They looked at Lu Nanze and sighed. “Mr. Lu, we’re sorry, we did our best.” 
The words fell like an exploding bomb on Lu Nanze’s ears. He stood there in shock. 
His eyes narrowed and then he saw a trolley bed being pushed out of the operating theater, behind the doctors. 
On the trolley bed there was a body covered by a large white sheet. 
Lu Nanze immediately stepped forward and lifted the sheet. At once, he saw his father’s rather unkind-looking face. 
The man he had just been arguing with him a moment ago, the man he had just thought was mellowing and now… He was lying here, unable to open his eyes ever again. 
Lu Nanze’s legs grew weak as he dropped on the ground. 
He looked at the man on the trolley bed as his vision started to blur from tears that were forming and rolling down his face. 
“Dad, wake up.” 
“Dad, if only you woke up, I’ll do anything you want me to.” 
“It’s true, Dad, open your eyes.” 
Lu Nanze’s deep voice echoed through the hospital. Everyone around fell silent from the depressing atmosphere, not daring to utter a word. 
Finally, someone came forward and said, “Mr. Lu, please take it easy. You are still recuperating from your injuries and you shouldn’t be kneeling on the floor like this. Mr. Lu, let us help you back to your room.” 
Lu Nanze pushed the approaching people away and continued fixing his gaze on the man on the trolley bed.
###Chapter 1195: Goodbye, Second Brother (15) 
“Dad, I know you’re only sleeping. Open your eyes.” 
But that person did not react. 
Right at this moment, for an odd reason, a word came to his mind: karma. 
Dad had killed Qiao Lian’s parents and, to prevent his father from being punished by the law, he had destroyed the account book, thinking that would save his father’s life. But right now, his father had still ended up paying with his life. 
Lu Nanze hung his head. 
He looked at his own hands and suddenly buried his face in them. 
Around the same time, two police officers came up to him and asked, “Mr. Lu, someone reported an accident here. Hence we’re here to investigate. May we ask a few questions? Was this someone’s deliberate action or was it a pure accident?” 
Someone’s deliberate action or a pure accident
How could this have been an accident
Lu Nanze looked up immediately and fixed his eyes on the police officer. 
Dad was dead. And those who had harmed him should not live a good life. 
But he didn’t want them dead, he wanted them to live in sorrow. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and said slowly, “Of course it was somebody’s doing. Qiao Yiyi deliberately wanted to harm us, she killed my father!” 
As though he had suddenly found strength again, he got to his feet slowly and said, “I want justice for my father!” 
– 
Qiao Lian found out about Dad Lu’s death from the news on the second day. 
She had cried all night and finally fallen asleep at 3 a.m. 
She was giddy when she woke up the next day and looked rather frail and dispirited. 
Shen Liangchuan wasn’t by her side when she woke up, hence she thought that he must have gone downstairs to exercise. 
As she didn’t feel like getting out of bed, she picked up her cell phone and browsed through it. Then she saw the news. 
When she did, she was stunned. 
Dad Lu was dead
Dad Lu… was dead. 
How could this be possible?! 
She widened her eyes and stared at the news article in horror. She read it another time but still found it hard to believe what she saw. 
She looked up in a daze and, at the same time, heard the door open. She looked at the source of the sound and saw Shen Liangchuan walking in. 
She held the phone out to him and started, “This—” 
“It’s true.” 
Shen Liangchuan pursed his lips and sat down next to her. Lightly patting her head, he said, “Qiao Lian, in this world, there is always a natural order of things. It’s not that there isn’t justice, rather than it was not the right time! The bad guys will be punished. Even if your parents’ names have not been cleared, the perpetrator has got his just ending, so will you now let go of some of these things?” 
Would she let go
Was there any point in these words when the people were dead
The despair and devastation she had felt a day ago when she had seen the account book burnt right before her eyes now turned into understanding. 
She felt the heavy load weighing on her heart suddenly get lifted and her skies began to clear. 
She smiled and said, “That’s right, why punish myself over someone else’s mistake?” r. 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and paused for a moment. Then he asked, “Lu Nanze will be holding the funeral in three days, will you go?” 
Qiao Lian was silent for a moment. 
Then she nodded and said, “Yes, I will.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded too. 
As long as she faced all of this bravely, she would start to leave the matter behind her. 
The account book had been burnt to ashes and there was no way they could come up with another one. The only thing they could do was accept reality.
###Chapter 1196: Goodbye, Second Brother (16) 
Three days later. 
The Lu family’s funeral. 
Lu Nanze sat in his wheelchair in his mourning garment. At the entrance to greet the guests, he accepted condolences with an expressionless face. in?α. C?
He nodded mechanically in response to the people paying their last respects, and his expression didn’t change no matter who walked by. He did not speak a word. 
In Suzhou, everyone wanted to please him, hence no one dared to point out his lack of manners. Besides, no one could really expect a family member of the deceased to put up a perfect show of manners. 
Dad Lu was the closest family Lu Nanze had, his only father. 
Now that he had died, Lu Nanze was truly alone. 
As he contemplated this fact, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly. 
He greeted guests that turned up until a couple stood before him. 
At once, he heard a familiar voice call him, “Second Brother.” 
Lu Nanze froze and looked up in disbelief as he realized it was Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan standing before him. 
Both of them were in black, and they carried a peaceful expression on their faces. There was no hint of animosity. 
Obviously, they weren’t here to create trouble, they were here to pay their respects. 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and nodded at them. He said at once, “You’re here.” 
It had only been a few days since Qiao Lian had seen him, but he had lost so much weight that he looked really different. 
His face had sunken so much that his cheekbones were now prominent and his silhouette had sharpened. His eyes had darkened, making them even more mesmerizing. 
Qiao Lian suddenly recalled that this was how he used to look in their younger days, when they hung out together. He used to be silent, only his eyes were dark and sparkling. 
She sighed and said after a moment, “Second Brother, take it easy.” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
Qiao Lian looked in and said finally, “I’ll go in and pay my last respects to Uncle Lu.” 
Lu Nanze continued to nod. 
She walked in and bowed in front of the altar. Then she offered a lit joss stick. 
At the entrance. 
Because Shen Liangchuan didn’t know Dad Lu, he didn’t have to pay his respects. He stood there looking at Lu Nanze. 
It was quite late by the time they arrived, hence right now, there were fewer people coming. 
The two men stared at each other. 
After a considerable length of time, Shen Liangchuan suddenly spoke, “Do you regret it?” 
Lu Nanze paused and asked, “Regret what exactly?” 
Casting his gaze down, there was a hint of vengeance in his eyes as he said, “Burning the account book right in her face.” 
He knew this remark would provoke and hurt the other man. 
But the moment he thought of how pitifully Qiao Lian had cried all day, he couldn’t help making the remark. 
Indeed, Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back as though a nerve within him had been struck. He completely bristled. 
Looking at Shen Liangchuan, he laughed once icily and said, “I have no regrets.” 
“Even though Dad was no nice guy, he was my father. He is a part of me and raised me, and I could never have sent him to the guillotine.” 
“So I, Lu Nanze, will never regret it.” 
Shen Liangchuan’s eyes narrowed at those words as a hint of admiration flashed across his eyes. 
He nodded and spoke again, “So you will have to remain single, while she and I are getting married.” 
Lu Nanze frowned and said, “What did you say?” 
“I said I am marrying Qiao Lian. We’re going to hold a wedding ceremony.” 
A long overdue wedding ceremony.
###Chapter 1197: Goodbye, Second Brother (17) 
Things in Suzhou came to the end of a chapter for now. 
When the doctor finally announced that Qiao Lian was well enough to fly, Shen Liangchuan immediately booked the flight tickets to return to Beijing. 
Qiao Lian did not see Lu Nanze after the funeral. 
But Shen Liangchuan knew that she was following the news on him. 
For example, there were some problems within the Lu Family Corporation. Dad Lu’s death had ultimately impacted the board of directors and the company shares had fallen by a significant 20 percent. 
After this, some other troubles surfaced. 
For example, Dad Lu had announced the marriage of Lu Nanze and Qiao Yiyi before he died. 
However, Qiao Yiyi had been taken away by the police and immediately sentenced to death. 
But because she was pregnant, they had to delay execution until after she had delivered the baby. However according to the Chinese law, if she showed good behavior during this time, then her death sentence could be deferred indefinitely. Still, she would spend the best years of her life in jail. 
In this case, Lu Nanze was facing the threat of calling off the marriage. If the chairman remained a bachelor, people would inevitably start wondering if he had trouble conceiving or if there was something unusual about his sexual orientation. 
All sorts of talks abound. 
If Lu Nanze couldn’t give the public a proper explanation for his marriage with Qiao Yiyi, then the Lu family’s company shares would be affected. 
Hence, Shen Liangchuan kept hearing Qiao Lian incessantly talk about it, “I wonder if Lu Nanze is going to get past this easily. Shen Liangchuan, what do you say he should do?” 
Shen Liangchuan airily made some sarcastic remarks, “Of course he should marry Qiao Yiyi and take the pressure off the company.” 
Qiao Lian retorted, “You’re talking nonsense again. Qiao Yiyi is in jail. How is he going to marry her?” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “He could still do it. And once he marries her, he’ll no longer have to worry about her all the time.” 
On top of that, his wife wouldn’t have to worry about him every day! 
Qiao Lian opened her mouth to say something but before she could speak another word, Shen Liangchuan quickly interrupted, “It’s Mom’s birthday tomorrow. Let’s go home and celebrate her birthday with her.” 
Xia Yehua had left Suzhou two days ago. 
Upon hearing this, Qiao Lian was distracted at once and said, “What are we going to get Mom as a birthday present? Why didn’t you remind me earlier? I could have been better prepared! What am I going to do now! Ahhhh! It’s too cliche to give jewellery. What will we give her? Giving presents is a big headache for me.” 
When Shen Liangchuan heard this, he immediately looked at Qiao Lian’s stomach and said, “Actually, we’ve already prepared our present.” 
Qiao Lian looked down in surprise. 
Shen Liangchuan said, “Now that the pregnancy is stable, I suppose we can tell Mom.” 
A look of realization flashed across Qiao Lian’s face and she exclaimed, “So that was why before this you didn’t want me to tell Mom I was pregnant?” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
Qiao Lian broke out into a broad smile. 
They immediately started packing and soon afterwards left the Qiao family villa. 
Before leaving, Senior Auntie Zhang took their hands reluctantly and said, “My girl, you have to come back to see me whenever you have time.” 
Qiao Lian nodded ruefully. 
After they got off the flight, the first thing Qiao Lian noticed was the dryness and smog of Beijing. They got into Shen Zihao’s car and headed home. But upon arriving in the house, they realized… Shen Xiu was there as well.
###Chapter 1198: Goodbye, Second Brother (18) 
When Shen Zihao picked them up nearby the airport, he had checked Qiao Lian up with a big grin on his face and said, “Woah, Sister-in-law, it’s only been a few months since I last saw you, and you’ve put on weight!” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Ignoring the fact that commenting about a woman putting on weight was very annoying, he walked ahead excitedly and drove them home. 
On the way, Qiao Lian asked, “How is Nuannuan now?” 
Shen Zihao answered happily, “She’s alright now. She was discharged from the hospital yesterday and she’s at home now! She said she had to come home to be with Mom on her birthday.” 
It was obvious from what he was saying that the couple had gotten back together. 
Thinking that from now on there would be someone to control a runaway horse like Shen Zihao, Qiao Lian couldn’t help but laugh. 
All was good as long as Xia Nuannuan was well! 
The car sped along the way home. 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at Qiao Lian and worried that she might feel unwell. He cleared his throat and reminded Shen Zihao, “Slow down with the driving.” 
Shen Zihao replied, “… I can’t. Before I came here, Nuannuan said that she was boiling soup for me and the timing would only be just right if we got back now!” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
What was with this overdose of love
But in hindsight, it was understandable. After going through a life-and-death episode, it really wasn’t so strange that the two were now completely inseparable. 
Qiao Lian smiled as she shook her head. 
Very soon, they arrived at the Shen family villa, which was also Shen Liangchuan’s home. 
However, as the car was entering the compound, they noticed a black Bentley sedan in the courtyard. 
Upon seeing the car license plate number, the three of them furrowed their brows at once. 
What was Shen Xiu doing here
They quickly got out of the car and dashed into the house. 
At first, they thought there was going to be another big fight, but unexpectedly, the atmosphere in the living room was extremely odd. 
Shen Xiu was sitting alone awkwardly on the sofa. 
On the other end of the sofa, Xia Yehua and Xia Nuannuan were talking to themselves, completely ignoring Shen Xiu. 
He spoke aloud, “What do you think of what I just said?” 
Xia Yehua glared at him and then spoke, “If you have finished what you have to say, then you may leave.” 
Shen Xiu protested, “I think there’s a logic to what I’m saying, why are you being so unreasonable?!” 
Xia Yehua raised an eyebrow and said, “You can even say something like asking Liangchuan to divorce Xiao Qiao? Let me tell you, you can stop dreaming, they will never get a divorce.” 
Shen Xiu laughed icily and continued, “Qiao Lian’s parents were scammers, the word has gone around!! I’m telling you that this is not my personal opinion, it’s the board’s opinion. If Shen Liangchuan wishes to continue working in the family business, then he’ll have to get a divorce. The Shen family enterprise will not accept a woman with a bad record to be the CEO’s wife!” 
Xia Yehua smirked and said, “I think that’s not the board’s opinion, it’s your own opinion. Shen Xiu, just because you yourself divorced once, you can’t stand seeing other couples being happy? I’m telling you now, I am not agreeing with you on this.” 
“You disagree? You have to agree even if you disagree! Let me ask you, how long has that Qiao Lian been married to Shen Liangchuan? Many months I suppose! Look at how skinny she is, I’m sure there’s something wrong with her health. Otherwise how come she’s still not pregnant? If she doesn’t give Shen Liangchuan a child or two, then what is she good for?”
###Chapter 1199: Goodbye, Second Brother (19) 
They heard Shen Xiu’s big talk as they were coming in through the door. 
Qiao Lian laughed icily and Shen Liangchuan’s expression darkened. He immediately stepped forward and said slowly, “And what was the use of you marrying Mei Feng then?” 
Meaning that Mei Feng could not bear children either. 
Shen Xiu almost choked. He paused before saying with exasperation, “I already have you and your brother! So why does it matter that your Auntie Mei Feng has no children?” 
Shen Liangchuan raised an eyebrow and said, “And what makes you think I don’t have a child?” 
Shen Xiu was stumped by these words and, for a moment, did not realize what they actually meant. 
But Xia Yehua very quickly and sensitively caught it, and she immediately looked at Qiao Lian’s stomach. 
She took a step forward excitedly and shoved Shen Xiu aside, while grabbing Qiao Lian’s hand and saying, “Xiao Qiao, Xiao Qiao, so you’re our family’s big achiever! Hurry, hurry and get out of the way! Xiao Qiao, come, come sit next to me. Are you tired after the flight and the drive? Does your back hurt?” 
Qiao Lian wasn’t quite sure what to make out of Xia Yehua’s reaction. 
She looked at her and said helplessly after a moment, “Mom, I’m fine.” 
She nudged the woman and looked simultaneously in Xia Nuannuan’s direction. 
Xia Nuannuan had gotten paler during this period, probably because she had lost a lot of blood and had not yet recovered. It may take some time. 
Observing that Qiao Lian was looking in behind her, in Xia Nuannuan’s direction, she immediately understood. 
Nuannuan had just lost her baby and was grieving over it. Xia Yehua, on the other hand, had been so excited that she had outrightly expressed her happiness. 
As Xia Yehua realized this, Xia Nuannuan said, “Lian Lian, congratulations.” 
Qiao Lian smiled at her and acknowledged this saying, “Uh huh.” i. co
It was a harmonious time for the family. 
And the atmosphere in the house was joyous. 
Seeing this, Shen Xiu narrowed his eyes and suddenly thought of a time when he was together with Xia Yehua. 
She had always been a carefree, casual and loud person. 
Hence when they were together, the home was always buzzing and noisy. 
He used to get a headache from it but after they divorced, he had suddenly felt that the home was oddly missing something. 
Now being in this atmosphere, Shen Xiu winced and actually felt like it was something he had cherished. 
But how could he cherish it
At this thought, Shen Xiu snorted and said, “Even if she’s pregnant, the child carries the blood of the scammers! How are we going to manage the public opinion?” 
He looked straight at Shen Liangchuan and continued, “In the past, you were a Best Actor and I couldn’t interfere. But now you’re working for the family business, so you have to set a good example in these things!” 
“The two of you have to get a divorce! The Shen Family doesn’t want a girl from such a family.” 
Shen Liangchuan laughed icily and said, “I’m afraid this is not up to you. Besides, whose idea is this?” 
Shen Xiu immediately sneered, “Whose idea do you think it is? If it weren’t for your grandfather’s tacit approval, do you think I’d come all the way here to mind other people’s business?!” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes at once. 
At this point, Qiao Lian’s cell phone suddenly rang. 
Puzzled, she picked up the phone and took the call. It was Shi Nianyao, who said at once, “Qiao Lian, hurry, hurry up and check out the link I sent you, big news!” 
Qiao Lian pressed on the link, wondering what this was about. The startling headline caught her eyes: 
[BIG NEWS: Wealthy businessman Mr. Lu approached police and clarified jerry-built building project scam from eight years ago. Dead father guilty!]
###Chapter 1200: Goodbye, Second Brother (20) 
Qiao Lian was stunned when she saw the headline. 
She widened her eyes in shock and read the report in disbelief. 
The wealthy businessman Mr. Lu referred to in the report was Lu Nanze. 
He had actually gone to the police and admitted that the jerry-built building project from eight years ago had actually been a set-up, a ploy that the Lu family and Qiao Zhigang had planned to gain commercial benefits. 
As for why the police had never been able to find evidence, it was because Qiao Zhigang had had access and covered up the tracks in the Qiao family business. The fire was also started by the deceased in cahoots with Qiao Zhigang. 
He said that this matter had been eating at his father’s conscience before his father died, but the man hadn’t had the courage to tell the world. 
Now that the man had had an accident, Lu Nanze wanted to help his father realize his last wish. 
Qiao Lian knew that the final remarks were fake. 
Lu Nanze was just trying to make his father look better. 
But she felt that this… was adequate. 
It was really adequate. 
The moment the man died, Qiao Lian had thought that it was similar to what had happened eight years ago. 
She had never thought that the truth would be out now. d. o
Dad and Mom finally had their names cleared. 
She bit her lip hard and clenched her fists tightly, her eyes reddened with emotion. 
Her gaze was fixed on that report for a while before she finally took a deep breath. 
Noticing her reaction, Shen Liangchuan glanced at her a few times. In the end, he walked over to her curiously and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Qiao Lian looked up, still overwhelmed with emotion, and showed him the article on her cell phone. 
Their interaction had completely left Shen Xiu ignored and the man was hopping mad. He complained, “Look at you, I’m talking to you guys, what sort of attitude is this? You’re indeed the child of scammers, such a low class woman!” 
Upon hearing this, Qiao Lian’s head snapped up and she looked at him steadily. She said to him confidently and with her head held high, “My parents were not scammers!” 
Shen Xiu smirked and said, “Your parents are not scammers? No one would admit that their parents are scammers! But so what if you don’t admit it? Facts speak louder than words, so are you saying that the whole world is wrongfully accusing you?” 
“They dared to do it, but didn’t dare to admit it! At least if you were to admit it, I’d give you some credit. But now… Ha! Besides, it’s useless even if you don’t admit it.” 
Shen Xiu’s words were most unpleasant and Xia Yehua frowned disapprovingly. She rebuked him, “Shen Xiu, what nonsense are you speaking?” 
Shen Xiu raised an eyebrow and replied, “Why? Am I wrong?” 
Xia Yehua opened her mouth to speak again but Qiao Lian interrupted, “My parents were wrongfully accused and now, their names have been cleared!” 
At these words, she immediately handed her cell phone to Xia Yehua. 
Her eyes reddened and she was completely overwhelmed to the extent that she almost forgot that Shen Xiu was there. 
Upon reading the content of the news report, Xia Yehua was stunned too but immediately said joyfully, “Oh! The in-laws’ names have finally been cleared!” 
“That’s right, Mom, I’m so happy. So so happy.” 
Qiao Lian threw open her arms to embrace Xia Yehua. 
Unable to contain her joy, she took the cell phone from the woman and said, “Mom, I- I have to call Qiao Yi.” 
Xia Yehua nodded and said, “Go, go.” 
Then without taking another look at Shen Xiu, she took her cell phone and went upstairs. 
Upon reaching the bedroom of the second floor, Qiao Lian went to the balcony. 
She looked at the cell phone and made a long-distance call to Qiao Yi.

###Chapter 1201: Goodbye, Second Brother (21) 
Very quickly, the line was connected and Qiao Yi’s voice answered, “Sis, what’s up?” 
She suddenly started to cry again at the sound of his familiar voice. 
She could not figure out this tangle of emotions herself, but the moment she opened her mouth to speak, she sobbed, “Xiao Yi.” 
The voice on the other end of the line sounded immediately anxious and asked, “Sis, what’s the matter? Did someone give you a hard time? Or have you run out of pocket money? Calm down and tell me. I have money and I can wire funds to you—” 
Before he could finish what he was saying, Qiao Lian interrupted. 
She quickly said, “No, it’s not that. Qiao Yi, Dad and Mom, their names have been cleared.” 
The line was silent for a moment after she said this. The next moment, Qiao Yi’s excited voice said, “Sis, is that true?” 
“It’s true.” 
“Sis.” 
“Yes?” 
“Just cry and let it out. I’m here, I hear you.” 
Upon hearing his words, Qiao Lian started crying again. 
That’s right, let it out. 
She had had a hard time for eight years and had worked hard for eight years so that this moment could happen. 
When Dad Lu died, she had thought that she could leave it all behind, but it was only when this moment came that she realized that she hadn’t, and couldn’t. 
She wasn’t as magnanimous as she thought she could be. She hadn’t been able to stop brooding about it. 
– 
Outside the door, Shen Liangchuan was just about to knock when he heard Qiao Lian’s emotional exchange. 
He halted and suddenly felt that the moment really belonged to the two siblings. They should have the space to relish the joy of the moment and he shouldn’t interrupt. 
Hence, he stood there outside the door and leaned against the wall. 
Suddenly, his own cell phone vibrated. 
He furrowed his brow and lowered his head to look at the screen. There was a text message from a non-registered number. 
The moment Shen Liangchuan saw the string of digits, he recognized it. It was Lu Nanze’s cell phone number. 
Surprised, his gaze first fell on the master bedroom door. 
At this point, he could still vaguely hear Qiao Lian’s joyful sobbing. 
Then he turned and unlocked his cell phone to read the content of the text message. 
It was a simple and short message: 
[It was me who sent those express delivery parcels and the takeouts.] 
Shen Liangchuan’s pupils shrank as he sneered. 
Following this, another message came in: 
[I think Soul Fighter pushed you out of the way to save your life at that time, but that wasn’t so that you two lovers can kill each other. He was your friend and he would want you to be happy together.] i?r. m
Shen Liangchuan was stunned by this message. 
After a moment, he sighed deeply. 
Indeed. 
Soul Fighter had been their best friend. 
At the time, Shen Liangchuan had been dispirited for a long time because of Qiao Lian’s sudden withdrawal from the club. 
That was the advice that Soul Fighter had given him. 
“How many true loves does one meet in a lifetime? How much time do you have in a lifetime to waste? No one knows what tomorrow will bring, so treasure what you have now, that’s the most important.” 
Hence, cherishing and treasuring Qiao Lian was what he ought to be doing, not pushing her away. 
Sheng Liangchuan was stirred somewhere deep in his heart. 
At this point, the third message came in: 
[Even though you’ve won, if you ever do anything unworthy of her, I won’t let you off.] 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes at that warning. After a moment, he picked up his cell phone and slowly typed out his reply.
###Chapter 1202: Goodbye, Second Brother (22) 
[Don’t worry.] 
After he replied, he took a step towards the door and found that Qiao Lian had quietened down. 
He opened the door and saw that she was sitting on the sofa, hugging her knees close to herself. She seemed a little tired. 
Shen Liangchuan walked to her and held her tightly. 
She suddenly lifted her head and said to him, “I don’t think I want to be a journalist anymore.” 
Initially, she had chosen to become a journalist in order to get the reporter’s certificate, so that she could investigate her parents’ matter and report on it. 
But now her parents’ matter had been resolved. 
She could move on to do what she enjoyed doing. 
Shen Liangchuan was extremely indulgent towards her and said, “Uh huh, don’t then.” 
Qiao Lian bit her lip and said after a moment, “I want to take part in gaming competitions.” 
Shen Liangchuan was slightly surprised and asked as he looked at her hand, “Would you be able to do it?” 
“Yes, I can.” 
Qiao Lian pushed Shen Liangchuan away as she stood on the sofa. 
Standing on the sofa and thus towering over Shen Liangchuan, she laughed as she stretched out both her hands and said to him, “Shen Liangchuan, before I was eighteen, I was a little spoiled princess at home. Since I turned eighteen right up to now, I lived my life for my parents. But from now on, I want to live for myself!” 
She wanted to live her life the way she wanted, she wanted to liberate her inner self. 
Looking at her, Shen Liangchuan finally nodded. 
Then he held her and said, “Fine, my child’s mother, take it easy.” 
With the mention of her child, Qiao Lian immediately slowed down. 
She carefully got down the sofa and foolishly grinned at Shen Liangchuan. 
After a while of foolish grinning, Shen Liangchuan reminded her, “Aren’t you going to give Lu Nanze a call
She suddenly realized something after she heard this. 
Lu Nanze had exposed the truth, hence now he had to be having a difficult time. 
She quickly picked up her cell phone and dialed Lu Nanze’s number. 
Very quickly, the call was connected. 
Immediately, Lu Nanze’s devilishly charming voice answered, “There’s no need to thank me.” 
Qiao Lian fell silent. 
She cleared her throat and said, “I wasn’t about to thank you. All of these are things that you ought to do anyway.” 
“Uh huh, so there’s no need to thank me.” 
Qiao Lian fell silent. 
Changing the topic, she said, “How’s the company doing?” 
“Not too bad, don’t worry.” 
Indeed, as he said this, his secretary’s frantic voice in the background sounded, “Director Lu, the board of directors is here. They’re quite aggressive, please hurry and come for the meeting. If we’re late again, we won’t have a good explanation for them.” 
Her voice grew indistinct. Obviously, Lu Nanze had tried to muffle the phone’s microphone when he realized what the secretary was saying. 
Qiao Lian fell silent. 
She was using the hands-free speaker mode to talk to him. 
She could distinctly hear what the secretary was saying. 
Of course, Shen Liangchuan was even sharper. 
Qiao Lian quickly said, “Second Brother, your company… Are you in a bit of trouble?” 
Lu Nanze was silent for a moment and then he said, “It’s not doing too poorly, don’t worry about me. These things can be sorted out. Uh huh, I have to go to a meeting now.” 
“Ok, hurry up then. I’ll hang up now.” 
After she hung up, Qiao Lian couldn’t help but look at Shen Liangchuan and ask, “Will he… be alright?” 
“Uh huh, it’s not a big deal. It’s just that his father was a murderer and used to compete against other businesses using illegal means. Now it’s all over internet forums and Weibo. They’re all talking about his father and such things have to be dealt with by the authorities. It’s really no big deal. Their company shares fell by about 10 dollars, that’s all.”
###Chapter 1203: Goodbye, Second Brother (23) 
Qiao Lian was shocked. 
Dropped ten dollars and that was all
Their company shares were about 50 dollars per lot. 
That was a fall of about 20 percent! 
To put it in greater perspective, that was to say that if their company had a net asset value of 500 million dollars, it had now 100 million dollars less. 
If they didn’t act quickly to gain back the people’s trust, then they were at the risk of going bankrupt. 
Qiao Lian was starting to get anxious again when Shen Liangchuan spoke again, “Also…” 
Qiao Lian almost collapsed, thinking that wasn’t everything. 
Shen Liangchuan calmly continued, “They already have a bad reputation. If they don’t go ahead with the marriage as announced, the public’s trust in them will continue to decrease. At that point, they would have to face the bombarding from the media and public opinion. The shares will surely tumble even more and the Lu family enterprise will crash.” 
Qiao Lian started to panic at Shen Liangchuan’s horrifying description and asked anxiously, “So what do we do now?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned too and said after a pause, “Now it would be best if there aren’t any more incidents. For example, news about the wedding…” 
“But Qiao Yiyi is already in jail! How are they going to get married?” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down. He glanced at Qiao Lian and kept silent. Actually, there was another way, but it shouldn’t come from his own mouth. Lu Nanze should have already thought of it already. After all, he was no decent businessman. 
– 
At this very moment in Suzhou, the dam had already burst in the board meeting at the penthouse of the Lu family business office. e?. 
Lu Nanze sat there, listening as the major shareholders talked back and forth incessantly. 
They were berating him for being rash. 
“Lu Nanze, your dad is already dead. You wouldn’t even let his reputation be!” 
“We know you don’t like your father, but we didn’t think it was to this extent!” 
“This is too much! What do we do now? What will happen to the company? You guys are so rash. Did you think of the consequences?” 
“There’s a bunch of reporters outside the building entrance right now. Tell us, what are we going to do?” 
“The Lu family business is finished, we’re in trouble!” 
Everyone was sighing and talking. 
Listening to their analysis, Lu Nanze slowly cast his gaze down and said casually after a moment, “What’s with all the anxiety?” 
The meeting fell silent at those words and everyone turned simultaneously to look at him. Then the people erupted with anger. 
“What’s with the anxiety?” 
“Lu Nanze, how could you even say that?” 
“You have to know, it’s not just your own money the company’s losing. We are shareholders too! Even though we hold less shares, that’s not the way to manage things!” 
“Lu Nanze, tell us what plans you have. Now the best thing for you to do is to get married! Go through with what father had announced to the media before he died. Otherwise, people will think that you go back on your word. If that happens, it will worsen things for the company.” 
“I’ll get married then.” 
At those words, the meeting fell into another bout of silence. 
Everyone turned simultaneously to look at him with a shocked expression, almost not daring to believe what they had just heard. 
After a moment, someone reacted. 
“Get married? What are you saying? Qiao Yiyi is in jail! If you were to marry her, you’d become a laughing stock. With an evil father, and your future father-in-law and wife both in jail!” 
“Exactly, how are you going to get married?”
###Chapter 1204: Goodbye, Second Brother (24) 
Everyone was stunned at these words. 
That was correct indeed. How was he going to get married under such circumstances
He could not get married. 
But he could not not get married! 
Either way things wouldn’t work. 
At this thought, the shareholders started to look devastated. 
When everyone had finally quietened down, Lu Nanze spoke up calmly, “The wedding has to take place. Only a wedding will make things look like they are going on a right path and ease the company’s situation. 
Someone retorted at this point, “But Qiao Yiyi is in jail!” 
“Who said that Qiao Yiyi is in jail?” 
Everyone’s expression changed at this remark. “What do you mean?” ?a. 
Was he going to break into the jail to get her out
The moment he said this, Lu Nanze signaled to the secretary. 
She took a step forward and said, “According to the statistics, there are currently 255 people with the name Qiao Yiyi in Suzhou. 56 of them are between the ages of 18 and 25.” 
They looked at him puzzled, not knowing where this was going. Then Lu Nanze ordered, “Get in touch with them at once and see if any of them would be willing to marry me.” 
“Yes.” 
Suddenly, everyone saw the light. 
Indeed! 
The news report had only mentioned that Lu Nanze was going to marry Qiao Yiyi, but the identity of this Qiao Yiyi had not been clearly indicated. But since that Qiao Yiyi was Qiao Zhigang’s daughter and she had gotten involved with Lu Nanze, everyone would have just assumed that it was that Qiao Yiyi. 
They would find another Qiao Yiyi. 
This was a brilliant idea! 
However… 
The next moment, someone stood up, sighed and said, “Nanze, I have been working for your father for a long time. Your father’s greatest hope when he was alive was that you’d get married and have a child. If you look just for any woman so casually, it would be troublesome to get a divorce in the future.” 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down. 
After a moment, he slowly said, “Uncle, it’s ok. After getting married, I won’t be looking to get a divorce.” 
He was sure he would never love another woman in his lifetime. 
Hence he would just marry any woman, spend his life with her and that would suffice. 
He lowered his head and told the secretary, “The woman has to be obedient, first and foremost.” 
The secretary was speechless. 
“Oh, right, and find a pretty one. At least a decorative piece that is pleasing to the eye.” 
The secretary was speechless. 
As was everyone else. 
Lu Nanze got to his feet, his big and tall frame heading towards the doorway now as he said, “Gentlemen, I hope today’s board meeting has been satisfactory. Please feel free to carry on with your business.” 
After these words, he walked out of the meeting room. 
But as he turned to walk away, he was a picture of loneliness. 
– 
When Qiao Lian received the news that Lu Nanze was getting married, she was shocked and almost collapsed. 
She almost jumped up and down in anger, exclaiming, “How could this be? How could this be?!” 
Shen Liangchuan asked coldly, “Why not?” 
“Qiao Yiyi is in jail! How could a person like her be good enough for Second Brother? Besides, she ran the car into Second Brother’s father and killed the man! That’s too humiliating for Second Brother, even if it is for the sake of the company.” 
“Is that painful for you?” 
Qiao Lian sighed and said, “I’m only thinking that it’s unfair, why does he have to bow down in this situation?” 
The adorably silly girl still had not realized that the man was getting increasingly jealous. 
Anxiously, she picked up her cell phone, walked to the side of the room and said, “No, I have to call Second Brother and persuade him. Getting married is not a game.”
###Chapter 1205: Goodbye, Second Brother (25) 
But as she walked to the side, a large hand reached out and took her cell phone away. 
She was taken aback. Turning around, she saw Shen Liangchuan standing behind her. He said, “Are you unhappy about his marriage?” 
Unhappy
Then she realized that a certain man was jealous. 
She looked at Shen Liangchuan, completely bemused by his reaction. Then she shook her head and said, “What are you thinking? Second Brother and I are like siblings. We grew up together. Actually, although he looks evil and has a cruel streak, he tends to cover up for people’s shortcomings. If you really think about it, he’s a really alright person.” 
“Oh and?” 
“And…” Qiao Lian shrugged and cleared her throat before she said, “That’s all, there’s no and.” 
At this point, she retreated a step. 
A jealous man is a scary man. 
But before she could take another step, she was held back by her shoulders. 
She turned around and found herself looking at Shen Liangchuan, who was staring at her. He asked, “There is no and? Really?” 
“Truly!” 
Qiao Lian said as though she was swearing upon her own life. 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
Her gaze then fell on her cell phone as she said, “So can I have my cell phone back now?” 
“So that you can call him and ask him not to get married?” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan, however, said very seriously, “Qiao Lian.” 
Qiao Lian paused. 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and said, “There are many Qiao Yiyi’s in Suzhou, so you really don’t have to worry.” 
She was stunned by his remark and demanded, “What do you mean?” 
Shen Liangchuan kept silent. 
Suddenly, Qiao Lian was struck by a realization. “So is he going to just marry any other girl by the name of Qiao Yiyi?! How can he be so casual about it?! Getting married is not a small matter!” 
On this note, she snatched the cell phone out of Shen Liangchuan’s hand anxiously. 
However the next moment, she paused. 
Indeed. 
Getting married was not a small matter. 
But perhaps, it was the only way to calm the storm that the Lu family was facing
This indeed was a clever idea. 
Once news of the wedding went out, it would at least suppress the negative gossip. 
Besides, Lu Nanze was already close to thirty yet still a bachelor. This could easily upset the investors. Getting married would be equivalent to settling down. 
That would help him project a more trustworthy image. 
All of these were Lu Nanze’s own decisions. 
She, Qiao Lian, indeed had no right to interfere, nor was she in a position to. 
As she thought about this, she put away her cell phone again and turned around. 
She was about to say something when there was a knock on the door. 
Shen Liangchuan walked over and opened the door. An excited Shen Zihao charged in. 
“Guess who’s here?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and asked, “Who?” 
“Why don’t you come down quickly and see for yourselves?!” 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan exchanged a look. They walked to the stair landing, where if they looked down, they could see the living room. Xia Yehua was sitting on the sofa and in front of her, there was a handsome man in his 50s. He stood there grinning and looking at her. 
Pausing for a moment, Qiao Lian heard Shen Liangchuan explain, “That’s Tianyu’s father.” 
She understood in a flash. 
So this was Tianyu’s father, the one who was rumored to have been involved with Xia Yehua and misunderstood by Shen Xiu. 
The man was in a suit and leather shoes. He looked mature and composed. Just one look and it was clear he was a reliable man. 
Besides, compared with Shen Xiu, this man looked a lot more honest.
###Chapter 1206: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (1) 
Qiao Lian observed what was going on downstairs mosily. 
Tianyu’s father had the surname Li, and his name was Mao. He had the looks of a typical Southern Chinese—rather fair and quite slim. One could tell from his features that he had been a very good-looking man in his youth, and even now he was an attractive uncle. 
He was looking at Xia Yehua, grinning as he said, “Yehua, you said years ago that I should not look for you for six years, but now it’s past that. Don’t you think we should consider it?” 
Xia Yehua had turned a bright scarlet and jumped right to her feet. “You- you- you old man, how old do you think you are and yet you are saying these shameless words?!” 
She pointed a finger at him and continued, “What are you talking about? Six years?” 
Looking hurt, Li Mao said, “Yehua, how can you deny it? Look, my hair has greyed and we’ve both grown old! What will I do if you don’t marry me?” 
Xia Yehua was speechless. 
Meanwhile upstairs, Qiao Lian was on the verge of bursting out in laughter as she listened to the handsome old man. 
This handsome old man was too adorable. 
Who proposes like this
He spoke as if he didn’t have enough time. 
Qiao Lian laughed uncontrollably as she looked at Shen Liangchuan, who had a frown on his face. He turned suddenly to look at Shen Zihao and said, “Did you know that six years ago, which was three years after Mom and I left the Shen family, Uncle Li proposed to Mom?” 
At that remark, Shen Zihao’s pupils shrank as he snapped his head around to look at his brother. 
If by now one said that he still didn’t believe Xia Yehua, it would be a lie. 
But he still felt uncomfortable whenever he thought of those rumors about his mother divorcing his father because of this man. 
He furrowed his brow and stared at what was going on downstairs. He looked terribly displeased as he said, “Why didn’t Mom agree then?” 
Shen Liangchuan was silent for a moment and then he said, “At the time, after we left the Shen Family, life was hard. It was with Uncle Li’s help that we were able to get past the difficult times. Eventually, their frequent contact did result in mutual liking.” 
Shen Zihao was stunned and asked further, “In that case, Mom and Uncle Li did not have any relationship before that?” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and continued after a pause, “They had great affection for each other, but were restrained by conventions. Even after so many years, they never overstepped their boundaries.” i?re?. ?m
Shen Zihao was once again stunned upon hearing this. 
He looked at the living room downstairs. 
Shen Liangchuan said impassively, “But Mom did not agree six years ago, and do you know why?” 
Curious, Shen Zihao asked, “Why?” 
“Because Mom knew that you had misunderstood her. She wanted to explain it to you but you wouldn’t listen. She knew that if she were to marry Uncle Li, you’d be sad all your life, hence she would rather remain single than to upset you.” 
Shen Zihao was stunned into silence now. 
Shen Liangchuan continued with his gaze fixed on the two people in the living room, “Six years ago, Uncle Li proposed to Mom for the first time in this very same place.” 
At that time, Li Mao had been a little younger. 
Even in his late 40s, he looked ten years younger. 
He was gentlemanly, cultured and refined. 
Shen Liangchuan had been at home when he proposed. The boy had just been about to go out and as he had walked out of his bedroom, he had heard the conversation. 
Uncle Li had said, “Yehua, let’s get married.” 
Shocked, the woman had replied, “What nonsense are you speaking?” 
“Yehua, I know that we have feelings for each other.”
###Chapter 1207: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (2) 
“We have both been through it all and have our past. The woman I loved has passed away and you’ve been divorced for years, so why can’t we build our own happy family?” 
Xia Yehua replied without having to think twice, “But everyone’s talking—” 
“What does it matter what other people say? Have you forgotten? When I was young, I went through a bad patch where people were saying things and you scolded me. You said that I shouldn’t punish myself for other people’s mistakes. If people wanted to talk nonsense then let them, it wouldn’t kill me! But when it comes to you, why don’t you have the same wisdom?” 
Xia Yehua was stumped. 
“So don’t use what other people might say as an excuse.” 
Xia Yehua started again, “I—” 
“Yehua, we know each other so well, I know how you feel about me. So don’t lie to me and say that you have no feelings for me. We get along well when it comes to our personalities and interests. Let’s be together.” 
Xia Yehua replied, “… We can’t.” 
“Why?” 
“I don’t wish to get married right now.” 
Uncle Li paused and asked, “Then when do you wish to get married?” 
Xia Yehua bit her lip and tried to gloss over the matter, “In another six years.” 
“Ok, then I’ll wait another six years and propose again.” 
At that point, Shen Liangchuan could see that it was obvious his mother was just trying to avoid it. 
She actually didn’t want to be together with Uncle Li. 
Even though she liked him, as long as she had not mended her relationship with Shen Zihao, she wouldn’t be able to bring herself to get married and upset him. 
Shen Liangchuan knew that in another six years, their affections would have faded somewhat. 
Uncle Li would likely have found some other woman and wouldn’t be waiting for Mom still. 
He knew too that this was what his mother was thinking, she didn’t want them to hold each other up. 
But it had been so many years and Shen Liangchuan realized that up till now Uncle Li had not remarried. 
After that episode six years ago, it had indeed been quite awkward for the two of them whenever they saw each other. 
Hence in the last six years, they had seen less of each other. 
As Shen Liangchuan was contemplating the situation, Qiao Lian nudged him on the arm. Snapping back to the present, he noted that Qiao Lian was nodding towards the living room and pointing her chin at the two downstairs. 
Xia Yehua was then heard saying, “No way, we are already so old, there’s no point in getting married. Isn’t it good how we are now?” 
“What is so good about this? I’m constantly thinking of being together with you.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
This Uncle Li was good with women. 
She quickly looked up and grimaced when she saw Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao. 
At once her face turned beet red, a completely different shade from her usually fair skin, which now looked like a monkey’s butt. She quickly said, “You, you- Hush! I’m telling you, the kids are here so if you speak nonsense here again, you- you- You better believe that I’ll get someone to kick you out of this place!” 
Uncle Li immediately nodded and said, “Ok, fine, I’ll ask again when there’s no one around.” 
Xia Yehua was flabbergasted. 
Was that the point
This Li Mao, he always missed the point. 
She grimaced again and for a moment, there was a hint of a smile on her face that she couldn’t have realized herself. 
Then she heard Uncle Li say, “Oh, right, I heard that Liangchuan’s wife is pregnant? So I bought a chicken from the market on my way here. Let’s boil that and she can have a soup later.”
###Chapter 1208: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (3) 
Qiao Lian was amazed. 
This person, Uncle Lu, simply used every trick in the book. 
Now he was even trying to please the daughter-in-law. 
Qiao Lian grimaced as she heard Xia Yehua nag,, “You went to the market again? Why are you wandering around in a market all dressed up? The next time you want to eat anything in particular, can’t you just get the housekeeper to buy it?” 
Uncle Li replied, “I just thought it’s something you’d like. Anyway, it’s just buying a chicken, it’s nothing. Even if you asked me to buy napkins, I’d do it.” 
“Is this handsome uncle,” Qiao Lian thought, “really in his fifties?” 
The things he was saying would turn a young girl scarlet and make her heart pound. 
Indeed, Xia Yehua jumped to her feet with exasperation and turned completely red again. “You shameless old man, what nonsense are you saying? Huh, what are you talking about? I’m already having my menopause!” 
Li Mao immediately said, “Oh, right, see? Before we know it, it’s menopause. We are really getting old and if you still don’t agree to marry me—” 
“Oh, shut up I said!” 
Li Mao obediently fell silent. 
Still exasperated with the man, she lowered her voice and warned him, “I’m telling you, you’re not to speak a word in front of the children later.” 
“Why?” 
“Let me discuss this with them, immunise them so to speak. We have to ease them into it slowly.” 
Li Mao nodded and said, “Ok, sure. I’ll take the chicken into the kitchen and prepare the soup.” 
Xia Yehua nodded finally and craned her neck to glance outside. “Did you come here alone?” 
“Uh huh.” 
“Why don’t you tell Li Tianyu to come over? Why leave him to eat by himself at home?” 
“Ok, anything you say.” 
Hence half an hour later, Xia Yehua and Li Mao were helping the housekeeper with making dinner. 
In the study upstairs. 
Lu Tianyu was holding onto Shen Liangchuan’s arm and shaking it with both his hands saying, “Brother, Big Brother, Brother Chuan, can’t you consider my plea? Just agree to it! Look, my mother passed away for eight years and Dad hasn’t found someone else. How nice is it for them to be together?! And I’ve liked you since we were little, followed you around, treated you like my own brother. Look, if they got married now, we’d really be brothers.” 
Shen Liangchuan was silent. 
He frowned and was about to speak when Shen Zihao’s gloomy voice said, “I don’t seem to recall any of my parents having another child?” 
Li Tianyu replied, “What do you mean?” 
Shen Zihao sneered icily, “Exactly what I said. You and my brother will never be as close as real brothers.” 
Li Tianyu: … 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Qiao Lian: …! 
Shen Zihao sprang onto his feet from the sofa and stuck his hands into his side pockets. Walking slowly towards the doorway, he said, “I won’t agree to this marriage.” 
Li Tianyu asked anxiously, “Zihao, why not?” 
Shen Zihao halted and turned around. He said like a spoiled and petulant child, “I don’t agree because I don’t feel like agreeing.” 
Everyone thought, “How willful!” 
Qiao Lian grimaced. Then Li Tianyu turned to Shen Liangchuan and asked, “Now what do we do?”
###Chapter 1209: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (4) 
Shen Liangchuan frowned as he looked at the doorway. 
He knew that all these years, Xia Yehua had felt she couldn’t do enough to make up for leaving the Shen family without taking Shen Zihao with her. 
Hence if Shen Zihao did not agree to the marriage, she would not go ahead with it. 
But how were they going to persuade Shen Zihao
He furrowed his brow, feeling perturbed by not knowing what his brother was thinking. 
Seeing how troubled the two men were, Qiao Lian said with a wave of her hand, “Stop fretting already, you two. I can easily get Nuannuan to ask him.” 
– 
An hour later, just before dinner was ready, Xia Nuannuan knocked on the study door and walked in. Smiling, she greeted everyone as Qiao Lian hurriedly asked, “Nuannuan, why is Shen Zihao ing? Mom has had a hard time for many years, it’s only reasonable that she finds a partner now.” 
Xia Nuannuan coughed once and said, “Uh huh, that’s what I said. Zihao said of course he will give Mom his blessings if she got married, but—” 
She hesitated as she looked at Li Tianyu. 
Li Tianyu paused. 
Shen Liangchuan pointed at him and said, “You, go make us some tea.” 
Li Tianyu: … 
“Sure, Big Brother, I’m here with my father to seek your mother’s hand in marriage, so of course I should help you with the chores.” 
Saying this, he retreated from the study and shut the door behind him. 
Qiao Lian looked at Xia Nuannuan and said, “Nuannuan, you can speak freely now.” 
Before speaking, Xia Nuannuan sighed. 
Then she started, “The reason Zihao is ing is because of… you, Big Brother.” 
Ever since Shen Zihao had reconciled with Shen Liangchuan and his mother, both Xia Nuannuan and he had been addressing Shen Liangchuan as big brother. They were truly a family again. 
But right now, Xia Nuannuan’s remark completely stumped Qiao Lian. “What has Mom’s marriage got to do with Shen Liangchuan?” 
Xia Nuannuan cleared her throat and said hesitantly, “Erm, actually… I’m not sure how to explain this myself. But I sort of understand where Zihao’s coming from.” 
She lowered her head, looking quite embarrassed, and continued, “He said that after Mom gets married, he won’t be your only brother.” 
Qiao Lian: …!! 
Shen Liangchuan: …!!! 
After all the talking, that was Shen Zihao’s reason for ing?! 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help grimacing. 
Was Shen Zihao a child? He was actually worried about someone else taking his big brother away
Grimacing, Qiao Lian lifted her head and looked at Xia Nuannuan, finally understanding why the girl was hesitating and looking embarrassed. 
Even she thought that Shen Zihao’s thinking was absolutely childish. 
However the next moment, Xia Nuannuan continued, “You two have always shared a mother, so he doesn’t mind someone else sharing her too. But he sees your role as a big brother as something that belongs exclusively to him alone. Especially in the last eight years, he has missed having a brother to go play tennis with, jog with. You have only just now fixed things, and then Li Tianyu comes along, so he doesn’t feel comfortable.” 
Qiao Lian was stumped. ?ｎ. 
Shen Liangchuan got onto his feet and said, “What sort of craziness is this? Let me talk to him.” 
Then he walked out of the study. 
Bam. The door was slammed shut. The two women exchanged a look and suddenly burst out laughing.
###Chapter 1210: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (5) 
At mealtime, Shen Zihao came downstairs with Shen Liangchuan, looking moody. 
Qiao Lian looked at Shen Liangchuan and saw him raise an eyebrow. 
Obviously, he had managed to sort things out. 
As they around the table, Qiao Lian leaned over to Shen Liangchuan and whispered, “How did you manage to talk him around?” 
He turned towards her and spoke into her ear. 
Immediately, Qiao Lian paid close attention, all ready to hear the juicy story, when his voice whispered back, “It’s a secret.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
A secret. Then why did you look like you were about to say it?! 
She drew the corners of her mouth back and heard Xia Yehua say, “Let’s eat.” 
Hence, everyone started to eat their food. 
While they ate, Li Tianyu picked up a piece of ribs and dropped it into Shen Liangchuan’s bowl, saying, “Big Brother, here, eat this.” 
Shen Zihao’s head immediately snapped up in the middle of eating and glanced at the dining table. He looked at Shen Liangchuan’s bowl again, as a gloomy expression flashed across his face. 
At this point, a pair of chopsticks appeared before his eyes. 
He looked up and saw that Shen Liangchuan had picked up a chicken drumstick. “Here, you take this.” 
When he was a kid, he had loved eating drumsticks. 
Every time they had chicken at home, both drumsticks would be his. 
Because even if their mom gave the two brothers a drumstick each, his big brother would give up his own drumstick for him. 
Like an angelic child, Shen Zihao’s expression lightened up at once. 
Happily satisfied, he lowered his head, but as soon as he did so he heard Tianyu say, “Big Brother, I want one too! Isn’t there another drumstick? Big brother, give me one.” 
Shen Zihao: …!! 
Shen Liangchuan: …!! 
Qiao Lian tried to control her laughter as Shen Zihao was fuming in jealousy. This was simply… too hilarious! 
Shen Liangchuan’s chopsticks froze in mid motion and noticed that Shen Zihao was staring at him wide-eyed. 
That look on his face… Was this the same untamed man from before
He was completely like a little puppy that was terrified to lose favor of his owner. 
Qiao Lian was on the verge of bursting out in laughter. 
But fortunately, Uncle Li resolved the situation in time when he spoke up, “Is eating all you know?! Can’t you see that your sister-in-law is pregnant! This drumstick is for her.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Hence finally, the other drumstick found its way into her bowl. 
Actually, her least favorite part of the chicken was the drumstick, because it was not flavorful. 
But it seemed like she had no choice but to eat it. 
After the meal, Shen Zihao noticed that Li Tianyu was about to head upstairs to hang out in Shen Liangchuan’s study. He immediately said, “Aren’t you going home now that you’ve eaten? Aren’t you busy with work?” 
“Not busy!” Li Tianyu did not understand Shen Zihao’s expression and had no idea what was causing that animosity. “Besides, what could be more important than having a meal with you guys?!” 
“You sucker.” 
“Hey, what was that?” Li Tianyu bristled. 
Shen Zihao smiled icily and repeated, “I called you a sucker!” 
“What are you saying? I dare you to say it one more time!” 
“Sucker!” 
“You-” Li Tianyu took a step forward, but he immediately backed off again and said, “Fine, fine, fine. I’m a sucker, happy now? As long as you agree to our parents’ marriage, you can call me whatever you like!” 
Shen Zihao was furious. He had just snatched his big brother away, and now he was trying to snatch his mom. 
This Li Tianyu was indeed his nemesis. 
Arghhhh! He would never agree to this marriage!
###Chapter 1211: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (6) 
So there was a clash between Shen Zihao and Li Tianyu. 
Li Tianyu was feeling uncomfortable too. 
Dear lord, that guy had just called him a sucker. After their parents’ marriage, he was going to be his second brother. When that time came, he would make sure the guy was taught manners. Huh huh. 
Although that was what went through his mind, his expression became even more affectionate. 
And his words brought up once again Xia Yehua and Li Mao’s possible wedding. 
Li Mao merely smiled and said nothing. 
Xia Yehua, on the other hand, got angry and said, “You silly boy, what nonsense are you saying? When- when- when did I say I was marrying your father? The two of you, get out now!” 
Li Tianyu grinned as he replied, “Yes, yes, we know, Aunt Xia. See? We still have to go all the way home. How troublesome is that? If you married Dad, we’d be living together!” 
“Oh, shut up, you!” Xia Yehua said. 
He continued grinning in silence. 
Although it was an awkward situation, it was a happy occasion. 
Qiao Lian felt glad just thinking that Xia Yehua was about to leave singlehood behind. 
But right at this point, a voice came from just outside the doorway, “Who’s getting married?!” 
Everyone turned around simultaneously to look at the door. They saw Shen Xiu standing there, looking at them in shock. 
Qiao Lian fell silent. 
Xia Yehua’s expression froze over. re?. o
Then she glared at Shen Xiu with loathing in her eyes and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
“What am I doing here? If I weren’t here, would you be already married to this gigolo here?! Huh? Xia Yehua, I’m telling you, I’m not allowing you to get married!” 
Xia Yehua burst out laughing. “What did you just say?” 
“I said I’m not allowing you to get married!” 
Shen Xiu raised his voice. 
Li Mao took a step forward and said, “Shen Xiu, what do you mean by this? She’s single as am I and we have the right to marry. As far as I know, it’s not against any law?” 
“The right to marry? Huh, the right to marry can go to hell! I’m telling you both that I, Shen Xiu, do not agree. I will not allow you to marry. And even if you do, the man will not be him!” 
These overbearing words made Xia Yehua laugh scornfully and she said, “So I can’t marry just because you say so?” 
She grabbed Li Mao’s hand and continued, “Then let me tell you today that if I were to marry someone, Li Mao would be the only man I would marry!” 
Li Mao, of course, couldn’t be happier to hear that. 
Shen Xiu, on the other hand, was heaving in anger as his expression clouded over. 
He stretched out his arm and pointed a finger at Xia Yehua and Li Mao, saying, “Good, very good, you cheating couple.” 
When Shen Liangchuan heard this, he and Li Tianyu were going to take a step forward. 
However, Qiao Lian grabbed them and held them back. 
They turned to look at her immediately, but she gestured to them to hush. 
The two of them halted. At this point, Li Mao took a step forward and positioned himself in front of Xia Yehua. Even though he was a gentle person by nature, because he had held a high position for a long time, there was an air of authority around him that was many times stronger than Shen Xiu’s. 
He then said to Shen Xiu in an extremely forceful but calm manner, “Mr. Shen, excuse me for suggesting this, but you have been married for eight years. I’d advise you not to interfere into other people’s family business.” 
Other people’s family business. 
Shen Xiu was livid and walked right up to Shen Zihao. Grabbing the young man’s hand, Shen Xiu pointed at the couple in front of himself and said slowly, “Now you see! There is something going on between them.”
###Chapter 1212: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (7) 
The moment these words were uttered, a silence suddenly fell across the room. 
Everyone turned simultaneously to look at Shen Zihao. 
They wondered if Shen Zihao was going to be foolish and fall for this again. 
Shen Xiu pointed at Xia Yehua and berated him, “Shen Zihao, do you see this? Do you see it clearly now? This is what your mother is like! At the time, she divorced me because she was involved with Li Mao. She so decisively divorced me, didn’t even want a single cent and then she left home.” 
“All these years, you didn’t dare to marry Li Mao, did you? Because you were afraid that Zihao would not forgive you! And now?” 
“Ha! He has just forgiven you and there you go showing your true colors? Now that you know I’ve kicked Zihao out of the house, now that you know Zihao won’t direct his anger at you, or do anything to you, you’ve decided to be open about your relationship with Li Mao?” 
“Xia Yehua, let me tell you, don’t be too arrogant! You think that Zihao is afraid of you?” 
He grabbed Shen Zihao’s hand at this point and continued, “Zihao, Dad said some things in the past out of anger, but now can you see clearly what she is truly like? If you do, then come home with me.” 
“I’ll have you know that the person who dotes on you most in this world will always be me. These people here… are all lying to you!” 
“Come home with me and take over the Shen family business in the future.” 
After saying this, everyone fell silent and then simultaneously turned to look at Shen Zihao. 
Shen Xiu looked at Xia Yehua with narrowed eyes, laughing icily to himself. 
He was livid to see Xia Yehua and Li Mao together and, furthermore, discussing the possibility of getting married. 
How could this woman marry someone else
Besides feeling a raging jealousy, there was an odd anger. 
After speaking, he couldn’t help but think, “Xia Yehua, if you betray me, I’ll take your son away from you! Let Zihao be angry at her forever!” 
He knew that this would be the greatest punishment for Xia Yehua. 
He felt good thinking of how this would make Xia Yehua cry so sorrowfully. 
He could make her sad and wound her heart just by taking Shen Zihao away from her. 
At the same time, this would destroy the relationship between her and Li Mao. 
As Shen Xiu cast his gaze down to contemplate these thoughts, he heard Shen Zihao mutter, “Ok.” 
Shen Xiu: …?
Ok? And
And then… nothing else. 
Shen Xiu waited for Shen Zihao to blow his top but after ten seconds, there was no reaction. He turned around and looked at his son, but Shen Zihao said instead, “You guys are already divorced, there is nothing wrong with going your own way to look for happiness.” 
Shen Xiu was flabbergasted and started, “But the past—” 
“The past is the past. No matter who was in the right or wrong, I hope you all will end up happy.” 
Shen Xiu was stupefied and said, “What- what do you mean?” 
“What I mean is that as long as my mother is happy, then it’s up to her who she chooses to be with. It has nothing to do with you or me.” 
Shen Xiu could not believe his ears. The Shen Zihao in front of him couldn’t be his real son. 
Where was his real son, who would have surely blown his top if he heard that Xia Yehua was together with Li Mao
Since when had he become this calm?! 
At this point, Li Tianyu was already exclaiming on the top of his voice, “Woohoo! In this case, Zihao, you agree to my dad being with ourr mom? This is absolutely fantastic!”
###Chapter 1213: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (8) 
To this, Shen Zihao replied, “Would you stop being so shameless? What do you mean by our mom?” 
“Wouldn’t your mom marrying my dad make her our mom? Don’t worry, I’ll surely get used to calling her that.” 
Shen Zihao was speechless. 
Li Tianyu turned around and immediately jumped in front of Xia Yehua and Li Mao, saying excitedly, “Dad, then why are we leaving? We’ll stay and discuss this fternoonafternoon the plans for your wedding with my mom!” 
Xia Yehua was at a loss for words. 
Li Mao: … 
Before anyone could add anything, Li Tianyu was already saying, “You are both already getting old, do you want a Chinese-style wedding? Or a Western-style wedding? I think an oriental wedding is good, it’s traditional.” 
Shen Zihao fumed at once when he heard this and said, “What’s good about a Chinese-style wedding? My mom wants to wear a wedding gown!” 
At this point, Li Tianyu became forceful and insisted, “But a Chinese-style wedding suits our mom’s personality!” 
“And what makes you think a Western-style wedding doesn’t?” 
“…” 
The two went to and fro and started to argue. 
But the whole argument was around their parents’ wedding. 
As Xia Yehua listened to them, her gaze fell on Shen Zihao. 
Her eyes began to redden and she started to feel a sharp stinging in her nose. 
In the past, she had always been worried that her younger son would misunderstand her, so she had put Li Mao through a torturous six-year waiting period. 
It had been six years. 
In all honesty, she had started to feel that perhaps she was no longer the one that Li Mao was waiting for. 
But who would have thought that this delayed happiness would arrive so unexpectedly
Although Shen Zihao was not at his most polite at the moment and was in a disagreement with Li Tianyu, it was obvious that he had agreed to her marriage with Li Mao. 
Xia Yehua’s eyes began to sting. 
She lowered her head, full of emotions. Then she felt warmth on her hand. 
It wasn’t a familiar feeling. She paused for a moment and, as she looked up, she met with Li Mao’s gentle gaze. “Yehua, you see that now? The children have agreed, so you shouldn’t be worried anymore, right? What do you think about the tenth next month to celebrate the wedding?” 
Xia Yehua realized that it was already the 25th today. If the wedding were to fall on the 10th, it meant that he was planning to organize an epic wedding in fifteen days
Xia Yehua was simply too astounded to react. She looked at the grinning Li Mao, who still looked just like how he had when he was younger. 
She softly hit him and glared at him. 
Still grinning, Li Mao immediately let go of her hand, as though nothing had happened. 
Xia Yehua, now slightly blushing, turned her head and cleared her throat, feeling quite embarrassed. 
Shen Xiu, completely ignored by everyone else, stood by the side fuming in anger. 
It was bad enough that Shen Zihao was not obeying him, but that gesture from Li Mao just then, even though no one had noticed it, he had seen it clearly from the corner where he was standing. 
The man had even given him a provocative look after Xia Yehua had turned red. 
Hence, Li Mao was doing this on purpose. 
He had held Xia Yehua’s hand to provoke Shen Xiu. 
Shen Xiu was livid to the point that even his fingers were shaking. 
But the next moment, his gaze suddenly fell on Xia Yehua’s scarlet face. 
Although she was now past her 40s, one had to admit that she had taken the pains to maintain herself well and looked about the same age as Mei Feng. 
When she turned red, the most noticeable part was her ears. 
His gaze fell on her ears. 
Indeed, they were a bright scarlet and seemed translucent under the sunlight.
###Chapter 1214: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (9) 
It was such an eyesore that he felt the rims of his eyes swelling. 
He suddenly recalled that this was what she had been like on their own wedding night, that shyness… 
The moment the thought came to him, an overwhelming sense of possessiveness overtook him. 
Shen Xiu narrowed his eyes. The fury calmed him in a strange way, but also deepened his viciousness. 
He looked at the people in the room and saw that they had no intention of engaging with him. Hence, he turned around and left. 
After he disappeared from the courtyard, the group that had been noisily discussing a moment a ago stopped talking at once. 
They turned simultaneously to look at the doorway. Shen Zihao snorted icily as he gave Li Tianyu a glance. After this, he turned around and went back to his own room. 
Immediately, Li Tianyu and Li Mao felt awkward and exchanged a glance. Li Mao quickly said, “Yehua, I guess we should leave today. We won’t hold you up any longer. Why don’t you discuss it with the children? On my end, everything is fine. I’ll go with whatever you want!” 
Upon hearing those last few words, Qiao Lian couldn’t help whistling and remarking, “Ooooooh, whatever you want.” 
Xia Yehua turned red again very quickly and said, “Xiao Qiao, you’re being very naughty!” 
Qiao Lian stuck her tongue out at Xia Yehua before she threw a glance at Li Mao. 
The man scratched his head in embarrassment and followed Li Tianyu into the car. 
After getting into the car, instead of driving off immediately, Li Mao wound down the car window and said, “Yehua, I’ll come and see you tomorrow.” 
“What for?” Xia Yehua replied fiercely. 
Li Mao laughed and said, “Just to see you!” 
“You don’t have to see me every day!” 
“In that case, I’ll come the day after tomorrow then.” 
Xia Yehua was speechless. 
After the Li’s drove away, Qiao Lian, unable to contain herself any longer, finally burst out laughing. 
She found the interaction between Xia Yehua and Li Mao too adorable! 
She laughed, shaking her head, and then noticed that Xia Yehua’s expression had calmed down after Li Mao left. The woman asked, “How is Zihao doing?” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and said, “He should be fine.” 
After a pause, Xia Yehua said, “I’ll go have a chat with him.” 
– 
Upstairs, in the study. 
Shen Zihao was on the sofa browsing the news on his cell phone. 
The door opened with a creak. 
At once, Xia Yehua appeared holding a glass of water. She walked over and sat next to Shen Zihao. 
“Zihao, here, drink some water.” 
Shen Zihao took the glass of water and drank two sips before placing the glass on the side table, saying, “Thanks, Mom.” 
He continued staring at his cell phone and didn’t seem to want to talk. She swallowed her words. 
Then she got onto her feet and walked slowly towards the door. 
But at the doorway, she suddenly turned to look at her son again. “Zihao, there are some things that I’ve never told you. But today, I realize that you’ve grown up and you have the ability to make your own judgments. Hence, I still want to tell you about what happened.” 
Shen Zihao paused. 
Xia Yehua turned and walked back to sit next to him. “In the past, you were living with your father, so I did not want to ruin the image you had of him. That was why I never told you. 
The woman cast her gaze down and calmly explained, “At the time, it was your big brother who discovered that your father and Mei Feng were having an affair. After he came home and told me about it, he was beaten up very badly by your father. You know that your father has never liked him. Eventually, your big brother wanted to set up the eSports team club, and it reached the point that your father tied him up and beat him.”
###Chapter 1215 . om
Chapter 1215: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (10) 
“Your big brother was beaten till his life was just hanging by a thread. Literally. His back was almost flayed and, in that weather, it would have gotten easily infected. I knew he was using it as an excuse to take revenge. At the time, I’m sure he thought that all the better if the boy died from the beating. Later on, your brother was taken down and untied. I called the ambulance and wanted to send him to the hospital, but your father stopped me and only called the family physician. You know, I inadvertently overheard his conversation with the doctor.” 
Shen Zihao had never known about these things. He widened his eyes and looked at Xia Yehua in disbelief. 
Shen Liangchuan had almost died from being beaten by Dad
In addition, Xia Yehua had said that she had overheard Dad and the doctor talking. What was that conversation about
As he wondered this, Xia Yehua said, “At the time, the family physician said that your big brother’s injuries were too serious and that he needed to go to the hospital for treatment and observation. Otherwise, the wounds could have gotten infected and it would have threatened his life.” 
Shen Zihao’s pupils shrank back at her words. 
Xia Yehua continued, “I panicked when I heard that. I was going to dash up to your father and ask him to take your big brother to the hospital, but I heard him say…” 
– 
Even though this had happened many years ago, she could still hear his cold and cruel voice in her ears saying, “There’s no need to do that, just give it some basic treatment and it will be fine.” 
The family physician started to sound anxious. “But Mr. Shen, this could cost the patient’s life!” 
Shen Xiu was quiet for a moment before he said, “That’s exactly what I want—his life.” 
Xia Yehua froze and was stupefied at once. 
She looked at the two men before her in a daze and saw that the family physician was shocked too. 
Shen Xiu had said, in part to convince himself, in part to explain to the man, “Urgh, that rebellious son, he only knows how to suck up to the Senior Master to the extent that he keeps comparing us. The Senior Master’s favorite phrase is: You can’t even hold a candle against a three-year-old kid! Tell me, if I were to destroy his precious grandchild, wouldn’t I then secure my position?” 
– 
Xia Yehua repeated every word that Shen Xiu had said. 
Shen Zihao was so shocked that he stood frozen on the spot, in a daze. 
With a look of disbelief, he stared at Xia Yehua and asked, “Is- is everything you’ve just said true?” 
Xia Yehua cast her gaze down. She understood that he wasn’t suspecting her, but was simply too shocked. 
She continued calmly, “I was so frightened at the time. I wanted to take your big brother to be treated but he was 18, a grown boy, and I couldn’t move him by myself. Because his condition and treatment couldn’t be delayed, I took the opportunity when he was on the phone with Mei Feng to go up to him and rebuke him. I then demanded a divorce.” 
Shen Xiu hadn’t agreed at the time because of the assets’ division. 
But Xia Yehua had had no time to waste. 
Shen Liangchuan had been in a bad condition. Hence, she had taken whatever personal savings she had and had left the Shen Family, one could say, penniless. 
Her story ended. 
A silence fell over the study 
Shen Zihao was still shocked and had not recovered from the daze. 
He could never have imagined something like that could have happened at the time. 
Seeing that he was deep in thought, Xia Yehua stood up and turned to leave. 
As she came to the doorway, Shen Zihao suddenly called her, “Mom.” 
She turned around. 
He looked up at her and asked, “Did you like Li Mao at that point in time?”
###Chapter 1216: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (11) 
Xia Yehua halted and looked at him. 
She pursed her lips as her eyes met his. She finally said slowly, “Zihao, Li Mao and I grew up together and had been lovers since we were 18.” 
Shen Zihao was stunned and started, “You both—” 
“We were helpless. His family needed a political marriage, so he married someone from another family and I, your father. But all these years, don’t you already know the sort of relationship Lu Mao and I had?” 
“We bowed to reality and gave each other up after we got married. But deep in our hearts, we had each other. It wasn’t something we could have controlled.” 
“Very naturally. I cared for him and would pay attention to him.” 
“Li Mao knew at once that I had left the Shen family with no money and he helped them. I didn’t have much cash and your big brother needed immediate treatment. So at the time I accepted his help.” 
“But that was the only time. After your big brother recovered, he entered the show business and earned his own money. Later on, we became less and less connected with the Li family. Li Mao’s wife passed away a month later. It was only after settling her burial that our families started to contact each other again.” 
Shen Zihao found these words hard to accept but at the same time, he understood. r. om
He was silent for a long time before he asked, “Mom, if, just suppose, Dad had never had the affair with Mei Feng and he hadn’t hit my big brother, would you have divorced him to be with Uncle Li after his wife died?” 
Xia Yehua couldn’t help but laugh at the question and said, “Honestly, I have no idea.” 
She said realistically, “At the time, the marriage between your dad and I was decided by our families. It is true that your father isn’t the type of man I like, but I stayed in the marriage because of my two children. But if the both of you were married and had your own families, perhaps I’d choose to divorce and travel the world. Perhaps I’d meet someone else, I don’t know.” 
Shen Zihao suddenly saw the light and said, “That’s right, you have your freedom.” 
If a couple had different philosophies and life views, lost their commonality, or if their feelings faded, or if they grew tired of each other and wanted a divorce, this had to be their choice. 
Hence, there was nothing for him to be bitter about. 
– 
After Xia Yehua left the study, Shen Zihao quietened down. 
In his mind, there was an image of Shen Liangchuan being nearly beaten to death. 
At this point, the study door swung open again. Shen Liangchuan walked in with one hand in his pocket. 
Shen Zihao sprang onto his feet upon seeing him. He took a step forward and flung the water in the glass onto Shen Liangchuan’s white shirt. 
Then he said, “Brother, hurry up and remove your shirt! The water is scalding hot!” 
Shen Liangchuan had no idea what this guy was up to, but he unbuttoned his shirt and removed it, baring his upper body. 
Shen Zihao’s gaze fell on his back. 
Shen Liangchuan’s skin had a warm golden color. 
On his back, although those scars had faded, it was obvious there were the remnants of the lashings. 
The closeness of the stripes told him that Xia Yehua was speaking the truth. 
Dad had truly wanted to whip Big Brother to death then.
###Chapter 1217: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (12) 
Shen Zihao cast his gaze down and suddenly hung his head. After a moment, he spoke, “Big brother.” 
“Uh huh.” 
“I’m sorry.” 
“Huh?” 
“I shouldn’t have doubted Mom and checked the scars on your back.” 
On that note, he suddenly felt a light tap on his shoulder. 
Shen Zihao froze and lifted his gaze. He saw Shen Liangchuan looking back at him and saying, “No big deal.” 
No big deal. 
It was really no big deal. 
“At least now you won’t just listen to one side of the story and will seek the truth yourself. This shows you’ve grown up.” 
Shen Zihao: … 
– 
After Shen Xiu left, he returned home to Mei Feng. 
When his car turned at the street he lived in, the traffic around ceased. 
His car was the only vehicle on that little street. Looking into the distance, he could see his property. 
Very soon, the car pulled up at the gate. He cut a lonely figure as he swiped his card key to open the automatic gate and drive in. 
The Shen family property was huge. 
Driving to his villa in itself took five minutes. 
Although the property was beautifully landscaped and kept, along the way in he saw no one. 
There wasn’t a soul in sight. 
He thought of the lively atmosphere when Xia Yehua, Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao were gathered together, and he suddenly felt a loneliness that he had never experienced before. 
Walking into the living room, he saw Mei Feng on the sofa talking on the phone. “… That bag is a very limited edition, you have to get one for me. Sure, when I go on a holiday to France next month, I’ll bring you one.” 
After she said this, she started laughing uncontrollably. Then she turned and saw Shen Xiu. She got to her feet immediately and said, “Darling, you’re back.” 
Then she extended her arms and rushed towards him. 
At once, it was as if he had found a vent for the loneliness that he had felt along the way home. 
He immediately embraced and lifted her in his arms. He then hurriedly stumbled all the way up to the bedroom. 
Like the parched ground after a long drought, Mei Feng soaked up his desperate advance. 
Shen Xiu was quite old now and over time, they had had less and less intimate moments. 
Hence right at this point, Mei Feng clung onto him anxiously. 
That day, Shen Xiu turned that burning desire into crazed and furious action. 
He tortured Mei Feng till her back was on the verge of breaking, but he just couldn’t find release. 
Desperate, Mei Feng was about to make a suggestion when a confused expression spread across his face. He covered Mei Feng’s eyes with his hand and immediately called out, “Yehua.” 
The next moment, the action was over. 
Shen Xiu collapsed onto Mei Feng. The woman, however, had turned cold and stiff, as though frozen. 
It was no wonder that Shen Xiu had seemed so odd the past few days. It was because he had gone to see that woman. 
That woman. Mei Feng clenched her fists tightly and shook in fury. 
It had been eight years. How could Shen Xiu still think of her
It was her, Mei Feng, who had been by his side. 
She bit her lip. Suddenly, Shen Xiu reached out with his arms and put them around her shoulders. 
He was exhausted. At this point, his eyes were shut since he had fallen asleep. 
In his semi-conscious state, he slowly mumbled, “Yehua, I miss you. You are mine, you can’t marry Li Mao!” 
Mei Feng’s pupils shrank back upon hearing this. 
She suddenly put it all together. 
So Xia Yehua was going to marry Li Mao and he had found out about it. Was that why he had come to her to seek solace
Her expression sharpened and an evil glint flashed across her eyes as she thought, “Xia Yehua, you want to marry Li Mao and live happily. No way.”
###Chapter 1218: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (13) 
Mei Feng was woken up in the middle of the night by a stomachache. 
Dragging her exhausted body, she walked to the bathroom. 
The discomfort in her body told her that it could be that time of the month again. 
She couldn’t straighten her back because of the ache in her abdomen. Frowning, she sat on the toilet to relieve herself. 
She looked up into the mirror and saw her face staring back at her—she was as pale as a sheet. eα. ?m
She suddenly recalled her doctor’s words, “You had too many abortions when you were young and that had damaged your uterus. It’s unlikely that you can get pregnant again and your periods will be exceptionally painful.” 
Exceptionally painful. More than exceptionally painful, she felt nauseous and wanted to throw up. The pain made her break out in cold perspiration, she was unable to stand up straight and her bare face was ashen. 
She opened the door, walked out and got herself some sweetened water. After she drank this, she rested downstairs for a while before going upstairs again. Then she lay down quietly and went back to sleep. 
After some time, Mei Feng woke up with a start. 
Her eyes snapped open as though remembering something. Immediately, she reached for her cell phone and found that it was already 9 a.m. 
Damn! 
She turned her head, looked to the side and found that Shen Xiu was gone. 
She froze for a moment and immediately became wary. 
During this time of the month, her face would always look terrible to the point that she couldn’t bear anyone seeing her. In the dim lighting at night it wasn’t an issue, but during the day… Hence during this time of the month, she would make it a point to get up half an hour earlier than Shen Xiu so that she could put on makeup to look better. 
But today… 
Had he seen her bare face
As she was thinking this, she suddenly heard the toilet flush and, immediately after, the bathroom door was opened. Shen Xiu walked out. 
Mei Feng lowered her head in reflex but still, when Shen Xiu came out and saw her, it was hard to miss that startled expression on his face. 
He cleared his throat and Mei Feng said, quickly turning the other way, “You’re awake? Hurry up and have your breakfast.” 
Shen Xiu muttered faintly, “Ok.” 
He picked up his jacket and turned around to head downstairs. However at the doorway, he halted as though he had just remembered something. But after a short while, he was still silent. 
Mei Feng asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Shen Xiu started, “Your face, what’s wrong with it?” 
Face? What was wrong
She stretched her hands out to cover her cheeks. 
Shen Xiu coughed and said calmly, “You should buy better quality makeup. Look at you, you have more wrinkles on your face than Xia Yehua. She looks ten years younger than you. You’re only in your forties, how could you look like this? Actually, don’t all these celebrities get botox or anti-wrinkle injections? Why don’t you go and get that done as well?” 
Mei Feng bit her lip at once. 
Anger welled up within her. 
She looked up angrily as she curled her fingers into tight fists. Shen Xiu had turned around to leave. 
Fuming, she picked up her pillow and threw it furiously on the floor. Botox, anti-wrinkle injections. Didn’t she want them too? But the doctor wouldn’t let her. 
Besides, what did he mean by saying she had more wrinkles than Xia Yehua? Was there only room for Xia Yehua in his heart and none for her
She was so furious that with a swing of her hand, she swept everything that was on the table on the ground. Xia Yehua… Xia Yehua again! If it weren’t for that woman, then she wouldn’t have had to go through so many abortions. If it weren’t for that woman, Shen Xiu would have been together with her from the start. She had wasted twenty years of her youth and in the end, was this all she got in return?!
###Chapter 1219: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (14) 
But Xia Yehua was going to marry Li Mao. 
She had met Li Mao previously and she knew him. She had also seen Xia Yehua and Li Mao together in the past. 
They got along very well and when she was with him, one could tell that she was genuinely happy. 
Hence, they would be very happy together. 
But how could she let that woman Xia Yehua live happily while she suffered
At this thought, Mei Feng sprang up from her seat. 
She picked up her cell phone and dialed a number. Then she spoke to the person on the other end of the line, “I need you to do something for me.” 
– 
Meanwhile, the atmosphere in the Shen villa was joyous. 
Everyone was gathered in the living room discussing Xia Yehua’s wedding. 
Shen Liangchuan sat there without saying a word throughout. 
Li Tianyu and Shen Zihao, on the other hand, would not stop arguing. 
Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan were holding their iPads checking up information. 
“I think a Chinese-style wedding is a good idea.” 
“Western-style is better.” 
“Look here, look at how luxurious the Chinese traditional wedding dress is!” 
“Look at how pristine and pure the Western white bridal gown is!” 
“But the Chinese-style—” 
In the midst of their never-ending argument, Shen Zihao suddenly looked up at Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan and said, “Hey, what are you both doing? Why aren’t you helping out here?” 
Xia Nuannuan and Qiao Lian exchanged a look and started laughing. They put aside their iPads and said as they looked up, “We’re selecting the event venue. Do you guys think it’s better to hold it in Beijing or somewhere else? Look at this island here, it’s beautiful!” 
The two men immediately moved over when they heard this and simultaneously turned to look at the computer screen. 
“This is good.” 
“Are you stupid or something?! Obviously that place has a bluer sea!” 
“That’s just because it’s a picture. Can you stop being so naive?” 
Shen Zihao fumed. “Who are you calling naive?” 
Li Tianyu was going to speak again when Xia Yehua suddenly said, “You people, please don’t worry about this.” 
They turned to look at her immediately as she continued, “I’ve already discussed it with Uncle Li, we won’t have a wedding. We’ll just collect our certificate and that will do.” 
Everyone was stunned to hear this. 
After a moment, Shen Zihao broke the silence, “How can we not have a wedding?” 
“That’s right, you’re getting married. How can you not have a wedding?” 
Xia Nuannuan added, “Mom, you’ve always lived a refined life. So how could you do away with something as important as a wedding?” 
Qiao Lian nodded in agreement and said, “Getting married is a one-in-a-lifetime event, how could you not have a wedding?” 
Xia Yehua laughed and replied, “Both of us are already this old, why go through a wedding? We’d be inviting laughter from others. I’d rather keep a low profile.” 
Shen Liangchuan was going to say something when Xia Yehua quickly interrupted, “You and Xiao Qiao didn’t have a wedding either, so it’s not that strange that your Uncle Li and I prefer not to have a wedding.” 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan fell silent upon hearing those words. 
Feeling extremely embarrassed, Qiao Lian immediately said, “Mom, my situation was different from yours.” i?r． o
At the time, she had married into the family for money. 
And although Shen Liangchuan had married her on the pretext that he wanted to have a child, the reality had been that he was out to take revenge. So how was this in any way similar
At this point, she reflexively looked at Shen Liangchuan. He stood there quietly for a while before he looked at Qiao Lian. 
After a moment, he looked away from her and strode towards the door, saying, “I have to return to the office to take care of something. Please continue without me.” 
Then he left.
###Chapter 1220: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (15) 
Qiao Lian was slightly disappointed by his reaction. 
She had thought he would have at least said something about the topic, but… 
After Shen Liangchuan left, the rest of them somewhat lost interest in continuing the discussion. Besides, Xia Yehua had expressed her wishes of not having a wedding, so it looked like the event was off. 
But throughout the evening, the atmosphere was lively and happy in the villa. 
Xia Nuannuan had not fully recovered. Furthermore, because Shen Zihao had been more deeply impacted by Shen Xiu and Mei Feng’s actions, he had not gone to work. Instead, he had been spending leisure time at home with Xia Nuannuan. 
After dinner in the evening, Qiao Lian went back into her bedroom. 
It was only at 11 p.m. that she heard the sound of the car engine coming from outside. 
She got up, opened the bedroom door and walked out. Shen Liangchuan was striding in. 
As he came in, he lifted his head and steadily looked at Qiao Lian. 
Then he quickly walked upstairs. 
She stepped forward and asked, “Have you had dinner? It’s late, why was it so busy at work today?” 
He did not answer these questions and merely grabbed her arm. He said, “Xiao Qiao, come with me.” 
He led her back to the bedroom. 
The puzzled Qiao Lian, who was firmly ushered into the room, turned around to look at Shen Liangchuan questioningly. He shut the door behind him and turned back to her. Then, like a magician, he held out a very small jewelry box. 
The packaging obviously hadn’t been put together with too much care. 
Qiao Lian looked at the case with a puzzled expression as Shen Liangchuan said, “Open it and take a look.” 
Qiao Lian was curious now. 
What rare treasure could there be in such a regular jewelry box? Or was it… 
A little excited, she reached out for the box and slowly opened it. 
The very moment her gaze fell on the inside of the gift box, her eyes turned bloodshot and she almost broke down in tears. 
She already had a hunch that something was up when Shen Liangchuan came home late, and the moment he did so, he had ushered her upstairs in such a hurry. 
And even before she had opened that case, she had wondered if there was a ring in it. 
She was right. n?.＆nbsp;
But even so, she was overjoyed. 
Because the ring was similar to the couple ring that Zhou Yu and Xiao Qiao had in the video game. 
Except that where the original ring had a small gemstone on top, there was a diamond. The exquisite ring was glittering prettily. Her heart overflowed with emotions just looking at it. 
Every beautiful memory from their youth seemed to be embodied in the ring she held in her hand now. 
As she lost herself in these thoughts, the box and the ring were suddenly taken away. 
Stunned, she saw Shen Liangchuan’s tall and large frame take a step back. The next moment, he bent his slim leg and got down on one knee. He raised the ring and slipped it onto her finger. 
His magnetic and attractive voice said the following words, “Xiao Qiao, marry me.” 
Xiao Qiao, marry me. 
That had been Zhou Yu’s line in the game. The dubbing in the game had a humorous and relaxed tone to it, but Shen Liangchuan had said it with such seriousness that her eyes turned moist with tears at once. 
She stared at the ring before her with a lost expression. Biting her lip, she finally nodded.
###Chapter 1221: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (16) 
She felt like the moment Sheng Liangchuan had slipped the beautiful ring into her finger was a dream. 
He had proposed. 
He had proposed to her! 
Every woman dreamt of a beautiful wedding. 
Walking into a church in a resplendent white dress, receiving good wishes from close friends and family. 
It was no different for Qiao Lian. But ever since she married Shen Liangchuan, she had stopped fantasising about it. 
She had not even taken to heart the remark that Xia Yehua had made earlier on. 
They had been living together for almost a year and now they were even expecting a child, what sort of wedding could she possibly dream of
But right now, this gesture by Shen Liangchuan had made up for all of the disappointment and regret. 
With this ring, so what even if they had never had a wedding
She, Qiao Lian, liked it like this. 
As these thoughts ran through her mind, Shen Liangchuan said, “I’ve already got people to help with our wedding preparations. Let’s do this before you’re three months pregnant, while it’s not too obvious.” 
Qiao Lian: …! 
She looked up at Shen Liangchuan, astonished. She could hardly believe it. “What- what did you say?” 
“I said that we’ll hold our wedding before Mom’s.” 
A wedding… a wedding! 
Her eyes lit up at once. 
The wedding that she had always wanted! 
Biting her lip, she looked at Shen Liangchuan and finally nodded. 
They both slept soundly and sweetly that night. 
Through the night and till the next morning. Since Qiao Lian had been experiencing excessive sleepiness after getting pregnant, she had been waking up later. 
She got up at 9 a.m., washed up and went downstairs. 
Expecting to get ready for breakfast, she saw that Xia Yehua, Shen Zihao, Xia Nuannuan and Shen Liangchuan were all sitting on the sofa. 
She raised a hand to greet them, but fell silent at once when she realized that they didn’t look like their usual selves. Something was up. 
Without making a noise, she made her way down and walked up to Shen Liangchuan. In a low voice, she asked, “What’s up?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and was about to speak when Xia Nuannuan lightly tugged at her sleeves. 
Qiao Lian turned around with a puzzled expression as Xia Nuannuan held out the cell phone towards her. 
Qiao Lian took the cell phone and, the moment she looked, she saw the headline: [Married woman with surname Xia caused death of man’s wife, finally marrying man after years of cover up.] 
The content told the story of a wealthy woman who had married a man with status and bore him two sons. 
She had taken the elder son and left the family without taking a penny. From this point of the story, it was all wild guesses. 
The woman had left the family without any demands, which probably meant something fishy. 
And this fishy business was anyone’s guess. 
Except that later on, a man who had been this woman’s childhood sweetheart had started to have trouble at home. His wife had discovered their affair and died of grief. 
Many years ago, someone had suspected that the adulterous pair had chosen to lie low and not announce their relationship in the midst of all those problems. 
But now that the rumors were dying off, they were going to announce their wedding. 
However, one wondered if this woman felt bad for what she had done to the man’s wife. 
Although this report had not mentioned any names throughout, anyone who had an inkling of Xia Yehua’s situation would be able to figure out with minimal guesswork that they were writing about her. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and lifted her head after reading this. She looked at Xia Yehua, who was now frowning and so angry that she could hardly speak. 
Immediately, she comforted the woman, “Mom, don’t be anxious.”
###Chapter 1222: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (17) 
Xia Yehua was looking quite tense. 
Pursing her lips, she took a deep breath after a moment. 
Lifting her head to look at the rest, she finally stood up and said, “No big deal, let’s eat first.” 
Then she headed towards the dining room. 
Following her, Qiao Lian slipped her arm around the woman’s and said, “Mom, don’t fret. One look and people can tell it’s fake news, you mustn’t get worked up.” 
Xia Yehua nodded. 
They all sat around the table eating in silence. 
Because Qiao Lian was exceptionally hungry, she ate quickly. After she finished her food, she did not leave the dining table and just stayed there with the rest, browsing through the news on her cell phone. 
The moment she went into Weibo, she saw that the headline had now become: [Exposing the ugly past] 
Out of curiosity, she clicked to read the article and found that the Weibo blog owner had actually written the entry as though he was a first-hand witness, explaining how Xia Yehua was a third party, making everything sound logical and even showing evidence for it. 
One of the pictures was of Xia Yehua and Shen Xiu’s divorce document. 
The other was one of a medical report from Zhang Yuan, who had been Li Mao’s wife. 
Both documents had dated stamps on them. 
Zhang Yuan’s medical report was clearly dated after Xia Yehua and Shen Xiu’s divorce. 
With these pictures as evidence, readers posted all sorts of comments. 
[Dang, this is abominable! She’s only a third party and yet she’s so arrogant? Tell her that even if the lawful wife died, it’s not right that she steps into that role.] 
[Just a very wild guess. This woman with the surname Xia seems to be Xia Yehua, right?] 
[Who is Xia Yehua?] 
[You probably wouldn’t know her if you’re not high up enough, but I’m sure you know Shen Liangchuan. She’s Shen Liangchuan’s mother.] 
[I’m shocked! Is that real?] 
[I’m only guessing from the story.] 
[I know what the reader above is saying, it’s her! I can confirm that she is going to marry that trashy man Li Mao soon.] 
[I really feel bad for the deceased wife.] 
Qiao Lian was stunned. 
The comments were very unkind and some of them even berated Shen Liangchuan. 
Qiao Lian was so furious she frowned. Right there and then at the dining table, her resentment was immediate. 
[Such a tr*mp, why is she still alive?] 
Qiao Lian replied: [You’re really lacking perspective, just listening to gossip and saying what everyone says. Do you even know the facts? Talking so much nonsense when you have no real knowledge is something only studid people like you would do.] e?. cm
She replied to as many comments as she could, and as she went along, she suddenly realized that the room had gone all quiet. 
Puzzled, she looked up. Eh? Apart from Xia Yehua, where were all the others
In that instant, she suddenly felt something odd behind her. She spun her head around and saw that Shen Liangchuan, Shen Zihao and Xia Nuannuan were all standing behind her. 
Qiao Lian: …!! 
Shen Zihao immediately said, “Sister-in-law, you have quit a sharp tongue!” 
Xia Nuannuan added, “I’ll join you in a minute and help out.” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at her with an indifferent expression and did not comment. 
Sitting at the dining table and slowly eating her dinner still, Xia Yehua couldn’t help but laugh at them. “That’s so childish. I won’t take these things to heart. I’d rather spend my time doing other things than arguing with them.” 
Qiao Lian retorted, “But Mom, I have nothing else to do at the moment.” 
Xia Yehua: … 
Rolling up his sleeves, Shen Zihao picked up his cell phone and said, “Continue to get back at them. Come, let me help you!”
###Chapter 1223: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (18) 
Now that Shen Zihao had joined, Xia Nuannuan would surely do the same. 
The three of them turned simultaneously to look at Shen Liangchuan. 
Shen Liangchuan turned around and walked to the living room, ignoring them. He picked up the newspapers and sat on the sofa. 
Shen Zihao exclaimed, “Freaking hell, Sister-in-law, this person is saying that my mother not only is a tramp, but on top of that is trying to pretend to be pure!” 
Qiao Lian replied, “Tell him to spend his spare time making more money, in case he can’t even afford his own gravestone in the future.” 
Shen Zihao: … 
Xia Nuannuan said next, “This one says that although Mom has been able to endure this in silence, hoping time will erase it is unrealistic. That this is a matter of principle and the mistress can never fill the position of a lawful wife.” 
Qiao Lian spat, “Mistress my foot! They have to stop imposing their narrow-minded views on the rest of the world. Buddha says that you see what you think. So are they all thinking of being mistresses? Specially the sort that aren’t worthy of any status?” 
Xia Nuannuan said, “I don’t think that was what he meant.” 
Qiao Lian replied, “Can’t remember the actual saying, but it doesn’t matter, it means the same thing.” 
Xia Nuannuan: … 
Shen Zihao started again, “And this- this-” 
“…” 
Qiao Lian certainly had the ability to come up with stinging remarks. 
After years of being a reporter, her talent with words was unrivaled. 
Besides, she had a deep-seated hatred for internet violence. 
In this particular instance, it was rather fortunate in a way that the victim of this issue was Mom. If it had been someone else, that person would have had no one to come to her defence and that would have been unimaginable. 
At this thought, Qiao Lian continued to fire away. 
An hour later. 
Shen Zihao tossed his cell phone aside and complained, “There are so many comments!” 
Stretching her sore arms, Xia Nuannuan said, “It’s so tiring to answer these comments one after another. To think there are thousands of them.” 
Qiao Lian replied, “… Three against a crowd. Of course we are outnumbered.” 
Continuing with his complaint, he said, “There are four of us here obviously.” 
Qiao Lian immediately looked up at Shen Liangchuan and saw him lifting his gaze with his usual indifferent expression. He put down the magazine he was holding and picked up his cell phone. After glancing at it, he said, “Uh huh, it’s all settled.” 
Qiao Lian: ?
The next moment, Shen Zihao almost fell off the sofa. He cried out in surprise, “Good grief! What’s going on? Why have we gotten so many supporters suddenly?” 
Qiao Lian looked at Shen Liangchuan questioningly and he replied, “I got Song Cheng to activate online ghostwriters.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
So was that what Best Actor Shen did in the past whenever there was negative news about him
That totally tarnished her image of him. 
Given that now the comments were no longer one-sided, Qiao Lian and the rest could sit back and relax. 
Frowning, Qiao Lian said, “There’s something fishy about this matter. Even though Best Actor Shen’s name is linked to it, it has blown up too quickly. It feels like there’s someone behind it.” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned as well upon hearing this. He started, “That’s right, someone’s behind it. The people posting comments are ghostwriters as well.” 
Qiao Lian was stumped. 
So had they just been arguing with a bunch of ghostwriters
She looked at Shen Liangchuan with a vexed expression. He replied, “Mom will be fine. It’s fine when it comes to public opinion.” 
The atmosphere in the room became more relaxed at once, however, Shen Liangchuan continued, “My only fear is—” 
Before he could finish speaking, the housekeeper came running in and said in a panic, “Mr. Shen, the- the members of the Zhang family have turned up with a group of men!! What do we do now? Should we call Mr. Li?”
###Chapter 1224 .＆nbsp;com
Chapter 1224: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (19) 
The housekeeper’s words made the whole room fall silent. 
Qiao Lian looked at Xia Yehua and then looked at Shen Liangchuan. He sighed and said, “The situation that I was most worried about still happened.” 
The Zhang family was the relatives of Li Mao’s wife, Zhang Yuan. 
When Zhang Yuan passed away, she had been in her late 40s. At that time, the members of the Zhang family had been extremely sad. Since the past had been brought up and it had been such a saddening situation, the Zhang family definitely had an opinion. 
The war of rumors wasn’t scary. 
As a Best Actor Shen, Shen Liangchuan and his team were all experts and could settle these rumors. 
But what was the most scary was that the person that had spread rumors was actually targeting the Zhang family. 
The five in the room were all smart. 
After hearing what the housekeeper said, they immediately understood the situation. 
Shen Zihao’s face turned slightly pale as he said, “This person really has a really scary motive.” 
He wanted to borrow power to fight another power. 
Other than Shen Xiu, who would have wanted to stop Xia Yehua and Li Mao from getting married
It wasn’t possible for Shen Xiu to be so intelligent. Thus, this person could only be Mei Feng. 
Mei Feng. 
Shen Zihao suddenly realized that he had really been wrong about her. Her motives were really terrifying. Just as he was in a daze, someone suddenly held his wrist. A warm feeling spread from his wrist to his whole body and made him come out of his daze slowly. 
Looking at Xia Nuannuan, who was beside him, his heart gradually calmed down. 
Yes, so what if he had been deceived by Mei Feng in the past
He had what he wanted now, it wasn’t too late and that was enough. 
As he thought about it, he held Xia Nuannuan’s hand back. 
Everyone looked at Xia Yehua as if they were preparing to fight a huge enemy. No matter what, she was still the decision-maker of the house. 
Xia Yehua contemplated it for a while before saying, “It is really rude to stop them from entering. Furthermore, I also considered Zhang Yuan a friend. Let them in then.” 
The housekeeper took her instructions, turned and then left. 
No long later, they heard the sound of footsteps coming from outside. 
Qiao Lian followed Xia Yehua and walked to the door. And there they saw the Zhang family walking in. 
There weren’t many of them. There were only four people; an old lady who had difficulty walking straight and a middle-age man who was Zhang Yuan’s brother, together with a middle-aged lady and a slightly younger man who were supporting the old lady. The middle aged lady and the younger man were Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law and nephew. 
This meant that the three generations of the family had come. 
Xia Yehua looked at them and her glance first fell on the old lady. She took a step forward and spoke, “Aunt Zhang, what brings you here?” 
Before her stretched hand could land on the old lady’s body, the old lady took back her hand and sneered. Then, she skirted around Xia Yehua and walked into the room. 
Xia Yehua stood rooted to the stop slightly awkwardly for an instant, before turning around and heading back into the living room. 
Senior Mrs. Zhang sat on the sofa and was currently staring intently at Xia Yehua. 
Just as Xia Yehua entered the room, she angrily stuck out her trembling hand and pointed at her while saying, “Tell me how did Yuanyuan die!” 
Xia Yehua frowned and answered, “It has nothing to do with me.” 
“Nothing to do with you? Haha, you really think that all of us are idiots? Since you were young, your relationship with Li Mao was always strange. Don’t think that we don’t know that! You must give us an explanation today.”
###Chapter 1225: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (20) 
Xia Yehua was instantly at a loss of words after hearing the old lady describe their relationship as strange. n?.＆nbsp;
On the side, Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law was choking. She lowered her head and spoke with reddened eyes, “You can’t even speak! I knew it, you must be guilty! That year when you suddenly tppl Shen Liangchuan away, divorced without asking for anything and left the Shen family, we already felt that something was wrong. Mom, do you remember that time when you were very worried about Yuanyuan and kept asking me to check on her? At that time, Yuanyuan was already a little unhappy but I didn’t take it to heart. She was also often distracted but I thought that she just didn’t care. Little did I expect that just after two months, Yuanyuan would get seriously ill and die!” 
After she said so, Zhang Yuan’s brother scolded her furiously, “Yes, there’s something fishy with my sister’s illness, she died so suddenly! I had my suspicions then but I trusted Li Mao’s character and didn’t probe further. Also, I saw that there was nothing between you and Li Mao so I didn’t suspect both of you. Now, are those online rumors true? Xia Yehua, tell me!” 
The old lady was so furious that she had trouble breathing. “Why are you still asking her? How can this situation be fake? If it was fake, why would it have gotten online?! Also, you can ask her yourself if she is getting married to Li Mao! I have asked people to check it out for me! Li Mao was indeed preparing for his wedding. Xia Yehua, say it yourself, are you getting married to Li Mao?” 
Xia Yehua opened her mouth but she was at a loss for words. 
Just at that moment, a piece of paper on the table attracted the Zhang family’s attention. 
It had the pictures of the wedding gowns Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan had received yesterday. Although Xia Yehua didn’t want to hold a wedding ceremony, they didn’t want her to receive less than what she should. 
At that instant, after seeing that few pictures, who wouldn’t understand the situation
The old lady immediately burst in anger. She picked up the teacup from the table and threw it at Xia Yehua. 
Xia Yehua furrowed her brows and took a step backwards. Then the old lady scolded her, “What a pair of despicable cheaters! Both of you caused my daughter’s death. Did you think that no one would realize it after so long? Both of you want to get married now? What gives you the face to get married? Let me tell you! Xia Yehua, the Zhang family will never forgive you!” 
Zhang Yuan’s brother couldn’t help but also say, “Xia Yehua, you could say we grew up together. Haha, never would I have thought that you’re actually such a person.” 
“Yes, you caused the death of my aunt! I will not forgive you. Don’t think that just because eight years have passed since the incident that everything can’t be forgotten. We will definitely find evidence. Even if the law isn’t able to prosecute you, we will make you pay for it!” Zhang Yuan’s nephew said. 
Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law then continued by shouting, “My sister-in-law had such a tough life, such a wrongful death! She passed away so suddenly then with a diagnosis of an incurable disease and cancer, but now that we think of it, it might not be true. Why would a person suddenly die when she had been fine all along?! There’s something fishy in all of this.” 
“Yes, we will go and check now. We will find out the real reason for Yuanyuan’s death then! What if it was a set up?” 
Just as they were discussing this, a voice came from outside. “Brother, Sister-in-law, Mom, what are all of you doing here?” 
The group turned to look immediately and saw that Li Mao was standing at the doorstep with anxiousness written on his face. He quickly walked in and said, “All of this has nothing to do with Yehua!”
###Chapter 1226: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (21) 
It was obvious that Li Mao had heard the news and thus hurried over. 
But sadly, he was still late. 
When he walked into the living room and heard them interrogating Xia Yehua, he instantly panicked. The panicking man had abruptly made a really dumb remark. 
Directly protecting Xia Yehua in front of his original wife’s family was definitely the greatest trigger for the Zhang family. 
Zhang Yuan’s brother immediately became furious. He took a step forward and grabbed Li Mao. He shouted angrily with reddened eyes, “Li Mao, how dare you say such a thing?! Did you forget what I told you when I handed Yuanyuan to you then?! For this woman, do you now intend to break up with the Zhang family?!” 
Back then, Li Mao and Zhang Yuan’s marriage had been arranged by the two families. 
If the Li family and the Zhang family broke up now, there would definitely be a huge negative impact on both families. 
Li Mao panicked and said, “Brother, hear me out! Yuanyuan indeed passed away due to an illness. I can swear to god that I’m speaking the truth! Yuanyuan’s death has nothing to do with Xia Yehua at all. Xia Yehua hadn’t even divorced Shen Xiu when Yuanyuan got sick.” 
“So what if they hadn’t divorced?! Both of you were having an affair, so when Shen Xiu found out, Xia Yehua divorced him without taking anything. It must be that! Why would Xia Yehua divorce him without asking for anything? So this is the reason. You two are really shameless, a pair of despicable cheaters!” Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law had just totally completely made up the story with her assumptions. 
Furthermore, after putting everything together, it seemed like what she had come out with made sense. 
After all, no one would believe that as a father, Shen Xiu would want to kill his son with his own hands. 
Even if they told them the truth, these people wouldn’t believe them. 
But Shen Zihao was immediately triggered. He took a step forward and shouted, “Who are you calling despicable cheaters? You’d better believe that if you say it again, I will tell my people to come and hit you.” 
The furious Shen Zihao immediately pulled up his sleeves and said, “If you have anything to say, you can say it, but don’t yell at people without a reason. Where is your etiquette?!” 
Zhang Yuan’s nephew, who was about the same age as Shen Zihao, immediately stood up and said, “Shen Zihao, talking is cheap. Don’t speak as if you can understand what we are going through. The one that died isn’t your aunt, you can obviously keep your cool! My grandma had to bid my aunt farewell as her mother. Do you know that she almost left along with my aunt then?!” 
Shen Zihao sneered and said, “I don’t care. As long as anyone dares to scold my mom again, I will not forgive you. My fist doesn’t have eyes!” 
After he said so, he even waved his fist at Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law. She immediately frowned, but it was obvious that Shen Zihao’s threat had worked, as the words they spoke after were no longer that malicious. 
Zhang Yuan’s brother did not bother with his threat. He only stared at Li Mao and said, “Hmph, you’re speaking nonsense again for the sake of getting her off the blame. You really made a lot of effort! Yuanyuan was sick? How would we not know? Don’t come here and make up stories.” 
Li Mao panicked and rebutted, “Brother, everything I said was real. Yuanyuan was indeed sick, she had already known that she was dying since the start. It’s just that she didn’t want all of you to worry and did not let you know.” 
After saying so, Li Mao looked at Xia Yehua once again and said, “The reason why I had dared to help you openly was because she suggested it. She was the one who asked me to lend you a hand.” 
His words stunned everyone in the room.
###Chapter 1227: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (22) 
Xia Yehua was even more taken aback by this news. 
The fact was that in her youth, she had indeed been together with Li Mao. 
But later on, they had parted ways and they both got married to other people. 
After their marriage, for the sake of not arousing suspicion, they had not contacted each other. This had lasted for a period of twenty years. 
It was only when she left the Shen family with her son and housekeeper in tow, penniless, that Li Mao appeared once again to help her pay for Shen Liangchuan’s medical treatment. He also found them accommodation to settle into. 
But even then… 
Even the deepest feelings had diminished after 20 years. 
At the time, Xia Yehua hadn’t even thought of being together with Li Mao again. 
Besides, she had only accepted his help at first but later on, they lost contact once again. 
Until Zhang Yuan passed away. 
Her death took Xia Yehua by surprise. On the day she died, Xia Yehua had gone out, wondering how Li Mao was taking it. Later on, they ran into each other at the place that they had often hung out together in their youth. 
Li Mao had been drinking by himself. 
She had a few words with him. 
Because Zhang Yuan was no longer around and she was divorced, they eventually grew closer to each other. 
Initially, Li Mao couldn’t get over Zhang Yuan’s demise. It was only after a year that he started to overcome it gradually. Later on, with more contact, he started to have feelings for Xia Yehua again. 
Hence, Zhang Yuan’s death really had nothing to do with Xia Yehua. 
But Zhang Yuan’s elder brother obviously did not believe Li Mao’s words. He insisted, “If what you say is true, then let us take a look at all her medical reports from the past. Show me all of them.” 
Li Mao’s eyes flashed when he heard these words. He hung his head somewhat guiltily and said, “I’ve thrown the reports away.” 
“Thrown away?” 
“That’s right. Yuanyuan didn’t want all of you to worry, so the reports were destroyed. And after she passed away, I was even more worried that you all would be sad, so the rest of it was burnt.” 
“Ha! Li Mao, do you think we will believe you? Why would you worry about us knowing her condition after she died?! The fact that you have burnt all her medical reports shows that you must have something to hide. Tell us, what did Yuanyuan die of exactly?” 
Li Mao said in a firm tone, “She had cancer. It was at a late stage by the time we found out. She lasted a few more months without further treatment before she succumbed.” 
“Cancer. Cancer. Cancer is normally hereditary! Up till now, no one in our family has died of cancer. How could she have gotten cancer? Do you really think I’ll believe you?!” 
Before Li Mao could say another word, an anxious voice shouted from outside, “Uncle, it was really cancer!” 
These words were followed by Li Tianyu’s appearance as he walked into the room. 
The moment he walked in, he apologized to Shen Zihao and Shen Liangchuan, “Big brother, so sorry. My grandma doesn’t understand this and has wrongly accused Aunt Xia.” 
Then he turned around and tugged at Senior Auntie Zhang’s hand, saying, “Granny, you really have misunderstood. My mom’s death has nothing to do with Aunt Xia. Let’s go home, don’t create a din here, otherwise it will put Dad in an awkward position.” 
A hard slap landed on his arm the moment he said those words. “Silly! Your mother gave birth to you and brought you up, but now all you care about is your father?! Let me tell you, I will not let this matter rest easily. I have to get to the bottom of how these two people caused my daughter’s death. Otherwise, the two of you can forget about a wedding!”
###Chapter 1228: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (23) 
That last remark was meant for Li Mao. 
He was speechless. 
Looking at the Senior Madam helplessly, he started, “Mom—” 
“Don’t you call me Mom! If we don’t get this sorted today, I won’t leave. Not only did you kill my daughter, you’re going to kill me as well.” 
Senior Madam Zhang sat on the sofa, heaving and patting her chest in fury after saying this. 
Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law hurried over to her and held her, patting the old lady’s back, trying to sooth her. 
The Senior Madam looked up at Xia Yehua and continued, “If you don’t come clean and tell me how my daughter died, you can dream about getting married. Otherwise, you will go ahead with it over my cold and lifeless body!” 
The more she spoke, the more agitated she got. She was heaving visibly. 
Everyone was at a loss for words. 
Shen Zihao frowned but didn’t dare to get into a fight with a sickly old lady. 
The old lady waited to calm down a little and then started to lament with reddened eyes, “My poor, pitiful daughter, you died for no good reason. How do you expect your Mom to go on? I already said at the time, don’t marry this Li Mao, his heart was elsewhere, but you were silly. Were you very sad before you died? Were you furious? Especially at this tr*mp Xia Yehua…” 
In tears, the Senior Madam stood up and tottered over to Xia Yehua, raising her hand to slap her. “Tr*mp! I will avenge my daughter today!” 
Xia Yehua stood there still, while the people around desperately rushed forward as that hand came down and was about to make contact. 
Then… 
Bam. The slap hit her. 
The room fell silent. 
Everyone turned to look at Li Mao. Usually gentle, the man was now frowning as he exclaimed anxiously, “Mom, how could you hit her?” 
The Senior Madam was an elder after all and had little strength. The slap hadn’t come down too hard. 
But that action was enough to anger everyone in Xia Yehua’s family. 
They all stood up, stepping forward in fury. 
How many of them were Shen family members and how many were Zhang family members
Of course, the members of the Zhang family started to panic. 
The Senior Madam pointed at the advancing Shen Zihao and others, saying, “What are you trying to do?” 
Shen Zihao replied icily, “Old lady, we, the Shen family, do not welcome you. Please get out!” 
How dared she hit Xia Yehua and furthermore, right there in the Shen Villa? This old lady was crazy for sure. 
Zhang Yuan’s elder brother stepped forward quickly and said, “Don’t be rash, my mother is old and does not take threats. Also, I think this matter has to be resolved. Otherwise, like Mom says, we won’t leave!” 
Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law agreed, “That’s right, there has to be justice, things have to be cleared out to have peace and harmony. If you use force, we’ll call the police.” 
After they said, Li Mao stepped forward and said, “Brother, Sister-in-law, Zhang Yuan and I were married many years and I never begged you for any help. But today, I, Li Mao, beg of you! Please leave for now. Don’t cause trouble here, is that alright?” 
“Beg?! Li Mao you must be eaten by a guilty conscience! You think we will just let it go because you begged us?!”
###Chapter 1229: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (24) 
Li Mao really was at his wits’ end now “Elder Brother!! So what exactly do you want?” 
“What do we want? We want to know how exactly Yuanyuan died! We want justice for her! If she died of grief because of you two, then we, the Zhang Family, won’t let it go easily.” 
Li Mao pursed his lips tightly and started, “You—” 
Before he could speak, someone interrupted him in a calm and indifferent tone, “Please leave. I will not marry him.” 
Everyone was stunned by these words. 
They looked at Xia Yehua, who was standing there impassively, saying again, “Please leave.” 
Zhang Yuan’s elder brother finally reacted. All worked up, he demanded, “You- you- Did Yuanyuan die of grief because of you? Now you’re feeling the guilt!! Otherwise, why are you giving up on the marriage?!” 
“That’s right, that must be it.” 
Zhang Yuan’s sister-in-law took a few steps forward and added, “You’re finally admitting it because you have no answers for us. The two of you, you’re simply the scum of the society!” 
“My poor daughter, she had such a tough life. Why did she meet people like you in her life? To think that she treated you like a friend… Sob, sob, sob,” the Senior Madam started crying. 
Li Mao looked at Xia Yehua in a daze. 
Her expression was firm and resolute as her eyes met his. 
At once, Li Mao understood what she was thinking. 
He had been avoiding telling the truth about Zhang Yuan’s death. 
Xia Yehua knew that he had his reasons. 
Hence, he would rather try to explain his way out, to convince them it hadn’t been what they thought, than come clean with the real reason for her death. 
The reason surely left him in a tight spot. 
She lowered her gaze. 
She felt a little bitter. 
It had been many years since Zhang Yuan had died, but Li Mao seemed to care so much still. 
Hence, she suddenly felt that the marriage was now meaningless. 
After all, it had been so many years and their relationship had never progressed. Life still went on. 
Since this was the case, why make things difficult for him
Forget about getting married then, and the cover-up could just continue. 
She did not speak again and just retreated a few steps, showing her wish to bow out of the storm had stirred up. 
She felt a little exhausted and did not want to fight with these people. 
Li Mao, on the other hand, felt like his heart had been squeezed by a pair of invisible hands. 
It was unbearably painful. 
She would rather be maligned by the Zhang family than to let them put him in a difficult position. 
Clenching his fists, he started to feel like his own persistence was ridiculous now. 
Looking steadily at the people before him berating Xia Yehua, and looking at how Xia Yehua was tolerating it all, his face tensed up. 
Senior Madam Zhang was now wailing, “Xia Yehua, you caused my daughter to die of grief. I curse you, you will come to no good end!! You will go to hell after you die and you will reincarnate as a lowly beast! Sob, sob, sob.” 
The old lady’s words were toxic and ugly. 
Still, Xia Yehua maintained her silence. 
The words were like sharp knives being driven into Li Mao’s heart. i?d. o
The man suddenly straightened his posture and lifted his head, shouting, “All of you, shut up!” 
He hollered those words. 
The room suddenly fell silent as everyone turned to look at him. 
Then the man laughed bitterly and said, “Fine, if you really wish to know why Yuanyuan died, I will tell you.”
###Chapter 1230: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (25) 
When Li Mao said this, Li Tianyu immediately stepped forward and said, “Dad, no!” 
Li Mao frowned and replied, “What is there to hide still? Now that things have come to this, Tianyu, please don’t blame me. I really- It would be wrong of me to continue keeping mum about this matter.” 
Upon hearing this, Li Tianyu choked back his words. 
He paused for a while and then sighed. He nodded and stepped back. 
Looking at everyone in the room, Li Mao started, “At the time, Yuanyuan had kept her condition a secret because… she had AIDS.” 
“What?!” 
“That is not possible!” 
“What nonsense are you speaking? Don’t you know that saying such things will sully Yuanyuan’s reputation?” 
They started to raise their voices. 
Pursing his lips, Li Mao looked up at them and said, “Why would I joke about such a thing? At that time, we went overseas and Yuanyuan fooled around. When we returned home, we discovered that she was infected with AIDS. She begged me not to tell anyone and certainly not to let you all know, because she didn’t want you to be sad or to despise her. She’d rather she die of cancer. The medical reports are at home! If you don’t believe me, you can come with me to have a look.” 
Zhang Yuan’s elder brother looked at him with an expression of disbelief and said after a moment, “And you…” 
Li Mao cast his gaze down and sighed. He finally revealed, “Yuanyuan and I had already separated ten years ago.” 
Senior Madam Zhang and Sister-in-law Zhang were shocked to hear this. They too looked at Li Mao in disbelief. 
Li Mao calmly continued, “We made sacrifices for our families when we got married. In fact, the day we got married, we had made an agreement that if in the future we didn’t get along, we’d choose to get a divorce. She and I had very different personalities and temperament, we had different hobbies and little in common. After Tianyu was born, the differences we had in our values became obvious. Eventually, we parted on amicable terms. But because our marriage implicated the families’ estates, we had never made this public. But Tianyu knows about it.” 
Li Tianyu immediately nodded and said, “Dad and Mom divorced when I was ten.” 
Everyone was stunned. 
Li Mao cast his gaze down and continued, “From that day on, Yuanyuan fooled around outside. She eventually came back when she fell sick. Tianyu and I took care of her right up till the end. 
“Mom, Elder Brother, I never wanted to tell you these things because I didn’t want you to be sad. But now, please don’t make things difficult for Xia Yehua anymore. This matter had nothing to do with her right from the start!” 
The Zhang family members were all stunned and at a loss for words after hearing all this. 
It was no wonder then that Zhang Yuan had just suddenly died without showing any warning signs before that. 
So that was… AIDS! 
All of them knew clearly how AIDS spread. Hence, it became obvious that it was Zhang Yuan who had treated Li Mao unfairly. 
But in the end
Not only had Li Mao not gotten angry and thrown a temper, he had even been there for Zhang Yuan in her most painful moments, right up till the end, when he said his final goodbye to her. 
So what right did the Zhang family have to be creating trouble here
Elder Big Brother Zhang realized this immediately. He looked at Xia Yehua and said, “I- We were in the wrong.”
###Chapter 1231: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (26) 
The Zhang family members had charged into the Shen villa, brandishing their swords, and left with their tails between their legs. 
Li Mao and Li Tianyu both accompanied the Zhang family members as they left the Shen villa. 
Senior Madam Zhang was teary-eyed as she stood at the doorway saying, “Good daughter, I have wrongfully accused you. I was in the wrong, good daughter, please don’t take it to heart.” 
At this point, she broke down in tears and continued, “That disappointing daughter of mine actually fooled around and caught such a disease. Sob, sob, sob, my poor daughter, why was she so silly?!” 
The old lady was devastated and Xia Yehua couldn’t help but sigh. She said, “Aunt Zhang, don’t cry anymore. Don’t worry, I won’t take it to heart.” 
Senior Madam nodded. 
On the side, Zhang Yuan’s elder brother and Li Mao were whispering to each other. 
Elder Brother Zhang said, “This matter has gone viral on the internet. I fear there’s someone behind it, using the situation and the Zhang family to do something nasty. I won’t let this matter rest just like that, I will find out who the perpetrator is!” 
If it hadn’t been for the person who had spread the rumors, the reason for his sister’s death would have never been known and the Zhang family would not have been this embarrassed. 
If news of a woman fooling around and then catching some nasty disease got out, her reputation would be done for. 
Elder Brother Zhang felt really bad and said, “Li Mao, I’ve wrongfully accused you, it’s my fault.” 
Li Mao sighed and gave the other man a few pats on his shoulder. “Don’t be so rash in the future. They’ll take advantage of you easily.” 
Zhang Yuan’s elder brother sighed and nodded. 
After the Zhangs left, peace and quiet was finally restored in the Shen villa. 
Everyone sat around on the sofa and looked at Xia Yehua. 
She had a calm expression on her face and she sat there quietly. 
Qiao Lian glanced at her and walked towards her. “Mom—” 
Xia Yehua interrupted, “You don’t have to say anything. I just want to be alone and have some quiet now.” 
The fact was that the truth behind Zhang Yuan’s death had not only shocked the Zhang family, even Xia Yehua was shaken. 
Li Mao and Zhang Yuan had been divorced for so many years, yet they had never announced it. 
She didn’t know what to think of it, except that her own feelings were mixed and complex. 
She sighed and said, “Actually, there’s no need to lose heart over this matter. That would be falling right into Mei Feng’s trap! But I really cannot understand why that woman keeps targeting me. She doesn’t lose anything if I’m together with Li Mao.” 
Qiao Lian replied immediately, “I think it’s hatred, rooted in her envy and jealousy. Look at how well Uncle Li Mao treats you, but I think Mr. Shen doesn’t treat her very well.” 
Shen Xiu was the father of Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao after all. Hence, Qiao Lian didn’t dare address him by his name. 
Xia Yehua was speechless. “Just because of this?” 
Frowning, Qiao Lian said, “I really can’t say for sure, but right now, Mom, hurry up and come help us decide. What sort of the wedding would you like?!” 
Then she held out the designs to show Xia Yehua. 
“Mom, what do you think of this dress? It has a train, so the skirt will add length to your profile. And this one would make you look exceptionally shapely.” 
– 
As the women spoke, on the other side of the room, Shen Zihao frowned and approached Shen Liangchuan.
###Chapter 1232: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (27) 
Raising his eyebrows, Shen Liangchuan saw Shen Zihao sitting on the sofa. Shen Zihao lowered his voice and said, “Brother, can you tolerate how mom is getting harrassed? Don’t you want to retaliate?” 
Shen Liangchuan raised his eyebrows even more and glanced at him plainly. 
Shen Zihao lowered his voice and slowly spoke, “Let me tell you, we could…” 
Hearing Shen Zihao’s revenge plan, Shen Liangchuan eyebrows sunk. 
He had never expected that Shen Zihao’s plan would be the same as his. 
It seemed like the person who knew Mei Feng the best was indeed Shen Zihao. 
Shen Liangchuan curved his lips. With the two brothers working hand in hand this time, he was determined to help Xia Yehua seek revenge this time. 
– 
When Shen Xiu woke up, he felt really dizzy and had no idea where he was. n?.＆nbsp;
After moving, he frowned and realized that a woman was lying beside him. 
He instantly narrowed his eyes and looked at the woman. She looked like she was in her twenties, young and alluring, as she carried the glow of youth. 
Shen Xiu couldn’t help but be stunned. He tried really hard to recall what had happened the night before. It seemed like someone had invited him to a drink and he had accepted it. After drinking too much, he could no longer remember what had happened. 
He also knew that the girl in front of him was a small secretary from the company. 
He had seen her before. She wasn’t really good-looking, but she was young and filled with vigor. She had always tried to get his attention but at this moment… 
Shen Xiu frowned and sat up. 
When he moved, he felt something under his palm. 
When he lowered his head to see, he realized that it was blood. 
He was stunned and looked at the sleeping girl in shock. 
He hadn’t expected that this would actually be her first time. 
Her first time. 
Shen Xiu’s heart suddenly really softened. 
He had originally meant to get out of bed, but he stopped in the midst of it. 
It was not that Shen Xiu had never had a one night stand with a girl. He even had very efficient methods to settle these one night stands. 
Furthermore, it had been the girl who had offered herself to him. It would have been such a waste if he hadn’t taken the opportunity. 
But little would he have expected that it was the girl’s first time. 
Shen Xiu hesitated for a while and woke her up. “Xiao Wang, wake up.” 
Xiao Wang opened her eyes and glanced at Shen Xiu. Her gaze immediately focused. “Manager Shen.” 
Then, she stuck out her hand and hooked it around his arm. 
That look of admiration immediately made Shen Xiu’s heart fill with adrenaline. 
He coughed and Xiao Wang spoke, “Manager Shen, there’s something that I want to tell you. I really like you and enjoy spending time with you. I hope that you don’t push me away, ok?” 
Shen Xiu was speechless. 
He lowered his head and stared at the girl’s honest expression. He pursed his lips, suddenly smiled and nodded. 
After he was done getting dressed and walked out, the girl on the bed sat up and took out her phone. She dialed a number. “Mr. Shen’s orders have been settled. Has the money also been transferred?” 
“Yes, don’t worry. You pay me and I will complete the task. I assure you that I will complete it extremely well!” 
After hanging up, the girl adopted an experienced smile. 
She pushed the blanket away and pulled out the bed sheet stained with blood. After this, she shook the bedsheets and whistled. “I wonder how many people have been fooled by this chicken blood. Pff, pff.” 
After throwing the bed sheet into the washing machine, she dusted her hands off.
###Chapter 1233: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (28) 
When Shen Xiu arrived home, it was already the morning after.. 
He usually did not stay out overnight, but yesterday had been an accident. 
He reached home and realized that no one had woken up yet. 
Hence, Shen Xiu quickly rushed up to the study room, opened the door and entered it. 
After a while, Shen Xiu acted as if he had spent the night in the study room and had just walked out of it. 
Just as he opened the door, he saw Mei Feng walking out from her bedroom. After seeing him, Mei Feng was a little stunned and she instantly took a step forward. She asked, “I thought that you didn’t come home. What time did you return last night?” 
Shen Xiu coughed and, with his eyes shining a little, he replied, “Yes, I worked overtime till pretty late so when I returned it was already really late. I didn’t want to disturb your rest, so I stayed in the study.” 
After Mei Feng heard his words, she narrowed her eyes and asked, “Did you just wake up?” 
“Ah, yes!” 
Mei Feng’s gaze landed on his neck. ?nr. 
There was a lipstick mark on his neck. 
She couldn’t help but take a step forward. She sniffed a female perfume on him, it was the scent of really thick fragrance. 
She frowned instantly and covered her mouth. 
Tightening her fist and clenching her teeth, she felt as if she was going mad. 
This man had actually found another woman outside
He had just gone out to look for other women right after asking her to take good care and maintain her looks. 
But the angrier Mei Feng was, the calmer she looked on the surface. 
She took a step forward and lowered her head so as to hide her thoughts. Then she smiled as she spoke, “You must be really tired. Go down and eat breakfast quickly.” 
Shen Xiu nodded and went downstairs with Mei Feng. 
As he was feeling guilty, he could not help but stare at Mei Feng. 
Mei Feng looked very tired, as if she had not slept at all last night. Moreover, after looking at her again, Shen Xiu only realized that Mei Feng’s skin was really too loose. 
It seemed like not even cosmetics could save her skin. 
He could not resist recalling Xiao Wang’s tender skin earlier today. 
If he hadn’t compared the skin condition of the both of them, the harm caused could have been avoided. 
Yet Shen Xiu couldn’t help but comment again, “I thought that I said you should get some botox, or use lifting. Just look at the wrinkles on your face.” 
After saying so, he frowned and stopped talking. 
He went straight downstairs. 
Only Mei Feng was left behind. She was so angry that her face was ghastly pale. 
So just right after being with another woman outside, he was now criticising her because she was getting older?! 
Mei Feng moved away from the stairs to take a few breaths so as to suppress the anger inside. 
Keeping her calm, she walked downstairs and reached the living room. She saw that Shen Xiu was already seated at the dining table and eating his breakfast. He appeared to have a good appetite. She walked over and sat opposite him. 
As they were eating, she saw Shen Xiu’s phone light up due to a message notification from WeChat. 
She looked up, wanting to see who had messaged him. Shen Xiu’s face lit up with happiness as he picked up his phone and raised his face. 
His lips widened immediately and it was obvious that he was delighted by the message. 
Mei Feng: …! 
Mei Feng was filled with so much anxiety that she was really tempted to pick up Shen Xiu’s phone to take a look. 
But she knew that she could not do it so forcefully. 
She only had the chance to do so when Shen Xiu went to the toilet, where she rushed over to pick up the phone. 
Upon picking up the phone, she saw that the message was from a woman who looked like the standard b*tchy third party, with a seductive profile picture. The message read: 
[Xiao Wang: Manager Shen, my thighs feel sore since I woke up today. Can I take the day off and not go to work?]
###Chapter 1234: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (29) 
Mei Feng almost died when she read this. 
Her legs felt weak
It was self-explanatory, it wasn’t hard to guess what had happened last night. 
Even though it was obvious and there was evidence that she had guessed right, Mei Feng wasn’t able to accept it. 
No wonder, no wonder at all that there was that heavy scent of a woman’s perfume on Shen Xiu, and that lipstick mark on his neck. Mei Feng clenched her fists in fury. 
Was it true that people would always covet what they didn’t have
He felt that she had grown old, he despised her age. 
As she was thinking this, Shen Xiu walked hurriedly out of the bathroom and towards her. He asked, “Where’s my cell phone?” 
Pretending that she hadn’t seen the message, she looked up and handed the cell phone to him. 
He took the phone and headed back into the bathroom. 
Mei Feng: … 
Now he couldn’t even bear to part with his cell phone for the length of a toilet break
She clenched her fists tightly and the look in her eyes turned vicious. 
An hour later, Shen Xiu left for work. 
From the moment he left the house, Mei Feng trailed him. 
She saw with her own eyes that he did not go to his office, but instead headed to a building that was obviously a rental apartment block. 
She saw that Shen Xiu went to the breakfast stall to buy breakfast before heading into the compound. 
She continued to follow closely as he went to the 12th floor and then hid herself along the building corridor. After a while, she saw him walk out of unit 1205. 
When he walked out, a woman was with him. The delicate thing acted coquettishly and said, “You’ll come and see me after work, won’t you?” 
He nodded and said, “Yes, yes. You stay at home and wait for me. Last night must have been tough for you, take a good rest today.” 
“Ok.” 
“I’ll leave now.” 
“Uh huh. Mr. Shen, see you tonight. You must not forget to come. I’m afraid of being alone.” 
“Ok.” 
After Shen Xiu left, Mei Feng came out of hiding. 
She glared viciously in the woman’s direction. After a while, she walked to the corridor and went to the door of unit 1205. She knocked on the door. 
The door swung open. The woman who opened it and appeared before Mei Feng had a simple and honest face, but she was no great beauty. 
Certainly, she was nowhere as beautiful as Mei Feng had been once. Otherwise, Mei Feng wouldn’t have been able to catch Shen Xiu’s attention. 
But this woman, Xiao Wang, radiated a vitality that Mei Feng lacked and was brimming with youthfulness. 
When Mei Feng looked at her, she was envious at once. Especially the woman’s face, it was so firm and plump with moisture that one could almost wring water out of it. 
Mei Feng curled her fingers but immediately smiled as she said, “Ms. Wang, I wonder, if we could have a chat?” 
Ms. Wang eyed Mei Feng a couple of times and raised an eyebrow at once. “You are… Mrs. Shen?” 
Mei Feng nodded. 
Ms. Wang stepped aside and said, “Please come in then.” 
Mei Feng walked in. 
After Mei Feng entered the unit, she immediately held out a check to Ms. Wang and said, “Here’s a million. Leave him.” 
Ms. Wang looked at the cheque. Then she reached out and took it, nodding at once. “No problem.” 
Mei Feng was astonished by this. She hadn’t thought that it would go so smoothly. 
Ms. Wang coughed once and said, “I am with him for the money. Since you’ve given me this, then there is no need for me to continue pleasing him.” 
Mei Feng stood up and said, “I’m surprised Ms. Wang is so upfront. Then there’s no need to say more. Glad to collaborate with you.” 
Immediately, Ms. Wang smiled and nodded.
###Chapter 1235: Xia Yehua’s Marriage (30) 
After Mei Feng left, Ms. Wang picked up her cell phone and called Shen Liangchuan. She spoke with a lazy drawl, “The fish has gone for the bait, but this fish is obviously smarter than we thought. She didn’t lose her cool and instead gave me a million.” 
After a short pause, Shen Liangchuan said, “The million’s yours to keep, just finish up the rest of the job.” 
“Uh huh, don’t worry.” 
Qiao Lian approached Shen Liangchuan after he hung up and looked at him with a puzzled expression. He had been on a hands-free call, so she had heard the conversation. 
She inquired, “How much did you pay Ms. Wang to do this?” 
“A 100 000.” 
“What? Now that she’s got a million from Mei Feng, why would she continue to help us?” 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at her, reached for her hand at once and said, “Ms. Wang is no amateur. People in her profession have professional ethics. Besides, she hates men who abandon their wives.” 
Qiao Lian was astonished. 
Laughing at her reaction, he continued, “Who would sacrifice their own body for such work? Circumstances make a person. Years ago, after she got married, her husband sacrificed her to his boss to please him. She was completely disappointed with him. Eventually she divorced him and fought for his assets, but Sister Wang’s reputation was sullied afterwards so she went into this profession. But don’t underestimate her. People in the industry know her for being someone with loyalty.” 
Hearing this, Qiao Lian felt both amazed by and sorry for the woman. 
Every profession has its own ups and downs. 
Even though Sister Wang was in this profession, and even though she made sacrifices with her body, one had to admit that she was an admirable woman. 
Qiao Lian looked at Shen Liangchuan and continued, “So what’s going to happen next?” 
The man replied indifferently, “What happens next… just watch and see.” 
Mei Feng got back into the car and drove along the streets alone after leaving Ms. Wang’s home. ?α. o
As she drove, she took in the scenery around, feeling a cold isolation within. 
Her age was her greatest enemy now. 
She looked at her own reflection through the mirror in the car. 
Even with makeup, her skin had lost its elasticity and she had large pores that broke the smoothness of her foundation powder. 
Even she despised such a complexion, what more Shen Xiu. 
She recalled how Shen Xiu had been talking about botox and lifting. She clenched her jaws and suddenly made an about-turn. Then the car headed towards Beijing’s biggest aesthetic clinic. 
She joined the queue and registered for an appointment. 
When she finally got to see the doctor, he asked, “So what do you wish to do?” 
Biting her lip as Xiao Wang’s plump and tender face flashed across her mind again, she said through gritted teeth, “Everything!” 
Because Mei Feng’s body was intolerant to anesthesia, the doctor carried out the procedures without it. 
The pain made her feel weak. 
Her face slightly swelled up afterwards and the doctor informed her, “Your face might feel stiff for a few days. Once the injected drugs have been absorbed, your face will settle and the wrinkles will smoothen out. But it’s important to keep yourself calm for the next few days. Don’t get agitated and be careful not to hit your face against anything.” 
She nodded. 
After leaving the clinic and upon returning home, Shen Xiu immediately charged at her and delivered a tight slap across her face, hollering, “What did you do to Xiao Wang?!”
###Chapter 1236: Mei Feng’s Ending (1) 
Mei Feng’s face was already stiff and numb. But the pain shot right through her with that slap. 
Holding her face with one hand and turning around, she looked at Shen Xiu with an expression of disbelief. 
She saw Shen Xiu looking back at her with his eyes on fire, enraged like he was a starving wolf that had had his dinner stolen. 
His expression sent a chill through her body. 
For the sake of this man, she had just gone through a painful aesthetic procedure. But this man…
He had slapped her the moment she came home
Clenching her fists tightly, she glared at Shen Xiu. 
Her face was expressionless because of the injections that she just had. 
To begin with, Mei Feng had an aggressive look, but because she was good at pretending, she always had a smile on her face. With the help of makeup, she could hide it and managed to look sweet and gentle usually. 
But right now, because she was unable to use makeup and the injected drugs had not been fully absorbed, she was a ghastly sight. 
Her glare gave him the chills all of a sudden. 
For the first time, he thought, “Is this what she looked like?” He seemed to remember a time in her youth that she looked very different. 
But what had she looked like exactly when she was younger
He tried hard to recall, but all that came to mind was a heavily made-up face. 
A face without makeup. Suddenly, an exquisitely beautiful face appeared in his mind. 
That face was startlingly pretty and literally breath-taking. 
But no, that couldn’t be right. It wasn’t Mei Feng… that was Xia Yehua. 
So what had Mei Feng looked like without makeup? He had no memory of it at all. 
He stared back at her like she was a complete stranger, as she slowly said, “What do you think you’re doing?” 
Shen Xiu took a step backward in fright, feeling like he was in a perilous situation. 
What was he doing
That’s right, what was he doing
Suddenly remembering Xiao Wang, anger rose in him again. He glared at Mei Feng and demanded, “I asked you what did you do to Xiao Wang?! Now she refuses to be with me!” 
Mei Feng’s heart skipped a beat when she heard this, wondering if Xiao Wang had sold her out. But when she heard his last remark, she knew that Shen Xiu was just making a wild guess. 
She immediately said, “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Honey, how could you not trust me?” 
She wanted to smile but the moment her lip twitched, she felt extreme pain in her face and she sucked in a breath of cold air at once. 
Moving the muscles around her mouth made her look both ugly and sinister. 
Shen Xiu retreated, reflexively rejecting what he saw. 
He eyed Mei Feng carefully, analyzing her from head to toe. 
Apart from aging, why did he feel that there was something else about the woman before him that had changed
A person’s facial features would not change that drastically. 
But on a closer look, why did it seem that not a single one of Mei Feng’s features could match up to Xia Yehua’s
He must have been blind to have fallen for her back then. 
She didn’t even look as good as Xiao Wang. 
At least Xiao Wang was young. 
Shen Xiu turned cold at this thought. He raised his hand and pointed at Mei Feng, saying, “I’m warning you, don’t you interfere with Xiao Wang! Men fool around outside. If you take it so seriously, you will only lower your own status.” 
Mei Feng was stunned by his words.
###Chapter 1237: Mei Feng’s Ending (2) 
Clearly, he was the one who was having an affair, but how could he behave like he had every right to
Besides… these words, why were they so familiar
Now she remembered. 
This was exactly what she had told Shen Xiu when he was having an affair with her. 
That was why Shen Xiu had fooled around with her frequently, again and again, until it became a serious affair. 
Her pupils shrank back as she clenched her fists tightly. 
Now, the word “karma” flashed across her mind. 
As she contemplated this, Shen Xiu suddenly walked around her and headed out of the room. 
Mei Feng followed him by reflex and grabbed his arm, asking, “Where- where are you going?” 
He spun around and looked straight into the woman’s bare face. It scared him so much that he reacted by pushing her away forcefully. This caused Mei Feng to fall onto the ground. 
He stood there and frowned disapprovingly at her, saying, “I’m going out, leave me alone!” 
Without looking back, he left. 
Mei Feng picked herself up from the floor at once, as though remembering something. After Shen Xiu had driven away, she called the chauffeur and immediately followed Shen Xiu’s car closely. Shen Xiu led them to that same apartment block. 
She continued to follow Shen Xiu closely. After the man had gone up the building, she took the elevator to the 11th floor and hid herself at the stair landing, peeping out from behind it. 
After a while, she saw that Ms. Wang had opened the door. She immediately pushed him away and said, “CEO Shen, I really cannot be together with you. I don’t wish to break up your family. Please leave.” 
After saying these words, her eyes turned red. 
Shen Xiu looked at the aggrieved woman before him and, all the more, he wouldn’t leave. At once, he reached out to embrace her and said, “Xiao Wang, what nonsense are you speaking? What we have is true love. She’s nothing.” 
This scenario was amazingly similar to how Mei Feng had managed to keep this man by her side years ago. 
You are my true love. 
She was nothing. 
Indeed, the true love from those years… was nothing now! 
Mei Feng curled her fingers tightly around the handrail of the stairs. At the time, when she heard those same words from him, she had immediately thrown herself into Shen Xiu’s embrace and cried her heart out. Later on, she had managed to firmly grip Shen Xiu’s heart. 
But now, Ms. Wang was saying, “I don’t care, I just don’t want to break up your family. I don’t want to be that hated mistress despised by everyone. Sob, sob, sob. CEO Shen, please leave.” 
Having said this, she pushed Shen Xiu away and shut the door in his face. 
Shen Xiu was not the least bit angry. On the contrary, he reached out and knocked on her door, saying, “Xiao Wang, open the door. I’ve already said that I only love you.” 
“You’re not a mistress. You’re really not.” e?.＆nbsp;c?
“Xiao Wang, didn’t you say you like that newly-built villa? What do you say if I buy that for you?” 
“Xiao Wang, open the door.” 
He patiently tried to appease her, as Mei Feng watched completely stunned. 
Shen Xiu had been energetic and full of vigor when he was younger. 
She had always been extra careful around him and, even when she wanted to vent her anger, she had never dared to lose her temper. She would only cry and then after that made sure that she played the understanding wife who sympathized with him. 
But now, the man that she had always taken the pains to please and placate was now trying to please and placate another woman. 
Mei Feng’s gaze fell on that door. She was shocked as she stared. 
She saw Shen Xiu sigh as he said, “Xiao Wang, tell me, what do I have to do to get you to open the door?”
###Chapter 1238: Mei Feng’s Ending (3) 
After he said this, the door swung open. 
Shen Xiu looked up happily and saw Xiao Wang standing there, with her red eyes flashing angrily. She was holding the check that Mei Feng had given her. She threw the check in his face and said, “I don’t need you to buy it for me! I have money. I won’t be with you because I don’t need people embarrassing me with money. Am I seeing you because of money?” 
Shen Xiu didn’t care how insulting of a gesture it was to have a check throwing in his face. Instead, he took a step towards Xiao Wang, embraced her and attempted to placate her, saying, “No, no, how could it be for money? Even if others don’t understand you, do you think I don’t understand you either? Don’t be angry now. She doesn’t think before she acts, don’t put yourself on the same level.” 
“Sob, sob, sob. I just find it very embarrassing! My parents gave me everything I wanted as a child and spoiled me when I was growing up. If they knew that I am a mistress, they’ll kill me!” 
Shen Xiu replied, “It was all my fault, Xiao Wang, don’t cry. You don’t want to be a mistress. Why don’t I divorce her right away?!” 
Divorce
Mei Feng felt like her heart had been stabbed by a sharp dagger. 
That word… How could he have said it so easily
The woman gulped and stared at Shen Xiu. After a moment, she got a grip of herself. 
Xiao Wang said, “Isn’t that a rather bad thing to do?” 
Her tone was hesitant. 
“What is so bad about it? She has been married to me for so many years, but she has done nothing useful! She didn’t even give me a child. Divorcing her is easy.” 
Mei Feng winced. She was on the verge of collapsing. 
She had thought that, having gotten rid of Xia Yehua, she would have the last laugh. Who would have thought that now Shen Xiu could so casually mention a divorce
And he had even said that she had given him a child. 
That was because she had once had four abortions within the span of a year and it had damaged her body. It was because of that that she was no longer able to bear children. 
While it was true she had no children, for whom had she sacrificed all this?! 
Mei Feng felt her heart gradually die. 
Her vicious eyes glistened with tears. 
Xiao Wang continued, “No, you can’t do that. I can’t let you divorce her for my sake. If that were the case, I’d feel guilty for the rest of my life.” 
“It’s not for you, it’s because I’ve grown tired of her long ago. You know, for so many years she’s been so fake, right down to the heavily made-up face that I see everyday. I saw her bare face today and I got a shock! I just couldn’t believe that was what she looked like, under all that makeup.” 
Xiao Wang said, “I’m not pretty either!” 
“No at all, she’s way worse than you. There’s no comparison!” 
“Heehee, I like hearing that. This is what they mean by beauty lies in the eye of the beholder.” 
Taking advantage of this situation, Shen Xiu continued, “Well, can I come in now then?” 
Xiao Wang had no choice but to step aside and say, “Fine then, CEO Shen, come in for now! But I’ll make it clear first, we’re not going to do anything naughty tonight. If you even touch me, I’ll bawl my eyes out.” 
“Fine, fine, fine, my precious one. Don’t cry, it makes my heart ache.” 
As he said this, he followed the woman into her unit. Just as he had taken a few steps, he suddenly heard a voice from hell sneering, “Stand right there!” 
Shen Xiu spun around to see Mei Feng pushing the door to the stairwell open and then charging at them angrily.
###Chapter 1239: Mei Feng’s Ending (4) 
Mei Feng was really furious. 
Every word that Xiao Wang and Shen Xiu had said had violently wounded her heart. 
She was completely unable to maintain her rationality. 
She immediately rushed in. She just wanted to make a big fuss without having to care about anything. 
She rushed towards their room with her angry bloodshot eyes. 
Xiao Wang saw that something was wrong with the situation and hid behind Shen Xiu. Shen Xiu frowned as he guiltily watched Mei Feng approach them. 
He tensed up his chin and his whole body was very straight. “What are you doing?” 
“Shen Xiu, return home with me.” 
Mei Feng told him directly. 
Shen Xiu coughed and looked back to take a glance at Xiao Wang, “Ok, you go down first.” 
“I said you will return home with me now.” 
Mei Feng spoke again. 
Shen Xiu wanted to say something, but Xiao Wang’s voice sounded, “Leave with her then. But after you’ve left, don’t ever return!” 
Her words instantly made Shen Xiu hesitate. 
On one side was his wife and they had been married for so many years. 
And on the other was the woman he loved. She had even given her first time to him. 
Just as he was hesitating, Mei Feng suddenly held his wrist. Then, Mei Feng said, “Leave with me.” 
Shen Xiu turned his head and glanced at Xiao Wang. 
Xiao Wang was expressionless, but there were so many emotions in her cold eyes. 
Hesitation, unwillingness and also a bit of hopelessness. 
It seemed like if Shen Xiu left, Xiao Wang wouldn’t be able to live anymore. 
That kind of reliance strongly triggered the male pride deep in Shen Xiu’s heart. He instantly stopped in his tracks and looked at Mei Feng. “You can go home first, I will be back in a while.” 
Mei Feng frowned and said, “Shen Xiu, husband, I asked you to return home with me. I don’t allow you to be with this woman.” 
Shen Xiu just freed himself off her grip and said, “Mei Feng, why are you so immature? I want to take good care of Xiao Wang before leaving. Otherwise, what would happen if such a young girl like her takes things too hard?” 
His words made Mei Feng so angry she was about to laugh. “What is there to worry about as a third party and b*tch?!” 
Shen Xiu immediately answered, “Didn’t you try to take your life many times back then?!” 
His sentence instantly rendered Mei Feng speechless. 
At the time, for the sake of getting his attention, she had indeed diagnosed herself with “depression.” She had said that she felt guilty for breaking his family apart and wanted Shen Xiu to divorce her. 
But she had clearly known that was fake. 
It was fake! 
Unfortunately, the man before her had believed it then and, even now, he believed it. 
Mei Feng was going to go mad. She turned her head, suddenly stuck her hand and pointed at Xiao Wang. “B*tch, third party! You have broken someone’s family, you—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Xiao Wang acted as if she had gotten a big shock. She didn’t rush into the room, but instead rushed behind Shen Xiu and said, “Director Shen, protect me, protect me!” 
Her look of fear made Shen Xiu subconsciously stand before her. He even stuck out his hands and stared fiercely at Mei Feng. “What do you want to do?” 
Mei Feng was speechless. 
Shen Xiu’s alarmed look and him subconsciously protecting Xiao Wang thoroughly broke her heart. 
What did she want to do? She wanted to rip this b*cth’s face apart. 
And what she wanted even more was to punch Shen Xiu’s face. 
Mei Feng glared at him with a death stare as her blood started boiling. She felt as if her head was slowly swelling.
###Chapter 1240: Mei Feng’s Ending (5) 
She finally couldn’t take it anymore. Like a woman who had gone mad, she directly rushed in front of Shen Xiu, stuck out her hand and grabbed Xiao Wang. 
However the next second, a slap landed violently on her face. 
Slap! The crisp sound resonated throughout the corridor. 
Mei Feng was stunned. 
However, Shen Xiu took his hand back and spoke with a cold gaze, “Have you cooled down? If you have cooled down, then scram! Stop showing your face here!” 
Mei Feng could only feel that she was totally shocked. 
Now who was the one in the wrong?! 
She bit her lip forcefully and stared at Xiao Wang behind Shen Xiu. After a while, she finally turned around and went downstairs. 
Xiao Wang, who was standing behind Shen Xiu, had watched the whole scene unfold before her coldly and sneered. But when Shen Xiu turned around, she immediately acted as if she was extremely frightened, 
She gulped and asked, “She- she- Will she send someone to come after me?” 
“She won’t. Don’t worry. If she dares to come after you, I will definitely not forgive her!” 
Xiao Wang nodded and then cowered. “Shen Xiu, you- you must protect me well. She said today that if I stay with you, she will make me disappear.” 
Shen Xiu’s gaze immediately became fierce as he assured her, “Don’t worry, I won’t do that.” 
Xiao Wang nodded. 
Shen Xiu then patted her head and said, “Ok, let me settle the issues in my house today. Be obedient, alright? Don’t make me worry about you.” 
Xiao Wang nodded. 
Shen Xiu then turned around and went downstairs. 
When he was going down, he saw that Mei Feng was already standing in the courtyard. 
The moment she was exposed to the cold wind, she had awoken from the situation. 
She definitely couldn’t be rash. She couldn’t allow losing what she had fought for her whole life just like that. 
Now that she was old, she had to insist that she couldn’t divorce Shen Xiu. e?. ｏ
Thus, the moment Shen Xiu came down, she lowered her head and started crying with her reddened eyes. 
Indeed, the power of crying worked. Shen Xiu, who had originally been furious, immediately softened after he saw her cry. 
After all, they had been together for so long. It wasn’t possible to say there were no feelings between them. 
Shen Xiu sneered and stood in front of Mei Feng. “Have you realized your mistake?” 
Mei Feng bit her lips and answered as her shoulders trembled, “You, do you not like me anymore? Are you planning to divorce me?” 
Shen Xiu was stunned. “What are you talking about.” 
“Husband, I still remember. If our first child was still alive, he would have been 18.” 
Shen Xiu was shocked by what she said. “I know it has been hard on you.” 
“Husband, please don’t ditch me, alright? I’m old and no longer young anymore. If you don’t want me, who would?” 
Her tone was filled with reliance and it filled Shen Xiu with a sense of responsibility. He patted her shoulder and replied, “I was just fooling around. Every successful man definitely has a few lovers. After so many years, I only have one. Can’t you bear with it for a bit?!” 
Mei Feng immediately choked and started crying. “But, I’m worried that you longer like me. I’m scared that you are going to divorce me. I’m even more worried that you will pick on me… Sob, sob.” 
“Stop crying, aish, you really think too much. Why would I pick on you? Don’t worry, I wouldn’t divorce you. I said those words then just to appease Xiao Wang. She’s still young and after all, my body still has needs now, right?”
###Chapter 1241: Mei Feng’s Ending (6) 
Mei Feng bit her lip and said, “I did botox and got a lifting injection today, so the effects will be seen in a few days. Now that I am old, I’m really not like the young women anymore. My actions today were indeed really rash, but you should know that my love for you will never change, just like many years ago. When you were under Xia Yehua’s strict rules, it was not easy for us to get together.” 
What she said had drawn the sympathy of Shen Xiu. 
He was really touched by what she said and thus sighed deeply. He took a step forward, touched Mei Feng’s face and asked, “Is it still painful?” 
Mei Feng immediately said, “No, it’s not painful at all. How could it hurt when it was you who hit me?” 
Although she said so, tears were falling down her cheeks again. 
Shen Xiu hastily held her hand and said, “It’s ok, let’s go home.” 
She nodded. 
When they reached home, Mei Feng went to the bathroom and looked at herself in the mirror. 
The redness and swelling looked a little bit abnormal. 
However, she wasn’t too worried. She had just had a minor operation after all and there was a possibility that parts of her face would get swollen. 
She walked out of the bathroom and changed into a set of sexy pajamas. She went to the bed and lay on it with a pose. 
When Shen Xiu walked out, she could not help but look at him. 
Shen Xiu yawned and lay next to her. 
Mei Feng reached out her hand and said, “My husband.” 
Her teasing tone was disrupted when Shen Xiu said, “Ok, stop playing around, let’s sleep.” 
Mei Feng was speechless. 
Mei Feng was shocked and bit her lip as she asked, “Husband, do you not want it?” 
Shen Xiu asked, “What do I want?” 
Mei Feng was speechless. 
Mei Feng was so angry as she bit her lip. 
She knew that she had lost her charisma now but just a few days ago, hadn’t Shen Xiu been on good terms with her? Just because of that Xiao Wang, he didn’t even want to touch her at all. 
Mei Feng clenched her fist, not believing what was happening. 
Just as she was about to do something, she heard snoring. She turned her head and saw the man lying next to her, with his back to her and already fast asleep. 
With his back to her. 
In the past, they had used to hug each other to sleep. 
Mei Feng only felt really terrible, as though her chest was blocked. 
She bit her lip and, in the end, sighed deeply. 
The following day. 
When Mei Feng woke up, Shen Xiu had already left. 
She knew there could only be one reason why he left so early, which was undoubtedly to find Xiao Wang. 
She decided that this could not go on. She needed to find a way to seduce and win Shen Xiu back. 
She frowned and walked to the bathroom. She looked at herself in the mirror and started observing her own face. 
The hand print from the slap yesterday was still on her face and it had not disappeared, although it had faded a little bit. 
She heaved a sigh of relief, but she went into a daze as she stared at the mirror. 
The face of the person in the mirror was indeed not exquisite enough. There was no way it could be compared to Xia Yehua, and it was even less charming than Xiao Wang’s. 
Should she consider… going for plastic surgery
If she became more beautiful, Shen Xiu would no longer go out and look for other women. 
Just as she thought so, she heard the sound of a car engine coming from outside. Was Shen Xiu back
She walked out hastily and saw Shen Xiu really getting out of the car and striding to her. 
Mei Feng was shocked when she saw him. Her eyes lit up and she asked, “Why are you back?” 
After she said that, Shen Xiu grabbed her by her collar and asked furiously, “Tell me, where did you hide Xiao Wang?!”
###Chapter 1242: Mei Feng’s Ending (7) 
Mei Feng felt a chill when she noted the anger in Shen Xiu’s tone. 
She quickly started, “I- I don’t know what you’re talking about” 
“Don’t know? You dare to pretend still!” 
Shen Xiu was so angry he was on the verge of hitting her. “I went to see her today and saw that her home was in disarray. She didn’t even take any of her belongings with her, she’s simply disappeared! I’m telling you, bring her back here right now or I’ll call the police.” 
Mei Feng’s pupils shrank back at once as she said, “You went to see that tr*mp the moment you woke up this morning?” 
“Ha! If I hadn’t, I’d never have found out that you’d actually do this to her.” Shen Xiu raised his hand and pointed a finger at Mei Feng, saying, “I have known for a long time that you are an evil woman, but I didn’t expect that now you would become worse than ever. Xiao Wang is a migrant worker without a residence permit here and she has no one to turn to for support! How could you be so cruel? Tell me, where have you taken her?!” 
Mei Feng looked at him steadily. Then she shut her eyes and said, “I’ll say it again, I did not—” 
“Do you think I will believe you?!” 
Shen Xiu grabbed her by her collar and looked at her with an expression of great disgust. As he spoke, she could feel the heat of his angry breath against her face. “I am giving you one last chance. Are you going to tell me? If not, I’m going to the police!” 
At this point, he took out his cell phone and dialed 911. 
Shen Xiu’s behaviour sent Mei Feng into a daze. 
She looked at him with a shocked expression. 
He thought that she had hired people to kidnap Xiao Wang? But even if she had, how could he call the police on her
If it had indeed been her who had done this, wouldn’t he be just sending her straight to jail?! 
Her heart had just begun to warm up to him again yesterday, but now it had been tossed to a place colder than the icy North Pole, as though it would never thaw again. 
She laughed sarcastically and said, “Shen Xiu, go ahead and call the police then. Call them!” 
“Mei Feng, after all we are husband and wife. I wanted to give you a way out, but it looks like you won’t regret it until death is before you!” 
He shouted anxiously as he picked up the cell phone. He then made the call, “Hello, police station? I wish to report that my worker, Xiao Wang, has suddenly gone missing today. I suspect she’s been kidnapped. Yes, you need to search her home… The suspect? I suspect it’s my wife.” 
He threw Mei Feng a cold and impassive glance at this point. His expression towards her was devoid of feelings as he continued, “Yes, because she thinks that I’m sleeping with Xiao Wang. She’s gone mad… but now she won’t say anything. Please rescue Xiao Wang.” 
An icy smile had appeared on Mei Feng’s face as she listened to what he was saying. She took a step backwards. 
She looked at him coldly and narrowed her eyes. 
After he had hung up, Shen Xiu looked at her and said, “Now things have come to this. If you return Xiao Wang, I can convince her to let the matter rest and not to press charges against you.” 
Mei Feng took another step backwards instead. She told him with an icy smirk, “I’ve already said that it wasn’t me. Don’t try to put the blame on me!” 
Shen Xiu paused for a moment and then replied, “Well, let’s wait for the police to investigate then.” 
Cold-heartedly, he turned his back on her and walked out of the house. 
Mei Feng was left standing there alone. She looked at the familiar surroundings. Everything looked the same, but everything seemed different and unfamiliar now.
###Chapter 1243: Mei Feng’s Ending (8) 
Noon. Mei Feng took some bites. Since she had no appetite at all, she placed her chopsticks back on the table. 
Afternoon. 
There was a commotion outside. 
Looking up, she saw that Shen Xiu had returned with a number of police officers. 
Upon entering, he raised his hand and pointed at Mei Feng, saying, “It was her. Police officer comrades, take her away and question her. I’m sure you’ll get the information you need!” 
Mei Feng gave them an icy stare as one of the police officers stepped towards her. He looked at her and asked, “Ms. Mei Feng, your husband has filed a report saying that you allegedly kidnapped Ms. Wang. Do you have anything to say in response?” 
She glared at all of them and asked, “Do you have evidence?” 
The police officers shook their heads. Mei Feng laughed icily and said, “Since when does the police no longer need evidence to carry out their work? Do you just depend on your own imagination?!” 
The police officer paused as Mei Feng said to Shen Xiu, “I wish to add that he was the one who kidnapped Ms. Wang. So will you take him in for questioning?” 
The police officer immediately said, “Surely, we won’t.” 
Mei Feng sneered at them and said, “Then I have nothing to say as well. Why don’t you go and look for some evidence? And if you manage to find some, I shall cooperate with you.” 
The police officers nodded at the suggestion and turned to glance at Shen Xiu once, as they prepared to leave. Shen Xiu tried to stop them at once and said, “Don’t go just yet. Hurry up and take this evil woman away! Please rescue Xiao Wang!” 
“Mr. Shen, although Ms. Wang’s disappearance looks as though it was a kidnap, we couldn’t find any evidence at the scene pointing to Ms. Mei Feng as a possible suspect. So we cannot arrest her right now.” 
“Bullsh*t! It was this woman. What other evidence do you need? Did you policemen all grow up eating dirt? You can’t even perform a simple task right.” 
The expressions on the police officers’ faces were starting to change. One of them frowned and said, “Mr. Shen, if there’s nothing else, we will leave for now.” 
Chasing after them, he called out, “Wait, don’t go. Take this woman with you. If you interrogate her, you’ll find out the truth. You-” 
His voice gradually faded until it disappeared at the end, like the police officers. 
Because the police had come, all the curious housekeepers had come out to watch what was going on. 
Now as they observed Mei Feng’s expression, they felt sorry for her. . c?
Like she was some pitiful victim. 
She cast her gaze down as an evil glint flashed across her eyes. 
Clenching her fists tightly, she looked up after a moment and suddenly shouted at them, “What are you looking at? Just go away if you have nothing to do!” 
One of them jumped, quickly lowered her head at once and went back to work. 
But some of them sniggered and said, “Sheesh, she really thinks that she’s the Madam of the household! If Mr. Shen divorces her, she’ll be nothing. What’s all this arrogance?” 
Mei Feng felt a sharp pain in her heart, it was so painful that she couldn’t speak a word. 
She sat on the sofa of the living room alone, staring at the TV in silence. 
Picking up the remote control, she started to surf through the channels, but she found herself unable to focus on anything. 
The only images flashing through her mind were that of Shen Xiu stopping the police and begging them to take her away. 
Her grip tightened around the remote control device. 
At 6 p.m., there was another commotion outside. She turned around and saw Shen Xiu standing at the doorway, looking terribly exhausted as he stared at her. There was a complex expression on his face, he seemed troubled and extremely grieved. He said at once, “Ah Feng, I was wrong.”
###Chapter 1244: Mei Feng’s Ending (9) 
Mei Feng looked at him coldly, her heart unmoved. 
She knew this man too well and right now, she held no more hopes of him turning back. 
She looked at him as he walked slowly towards her. Then he grabbed her arm and said, “Ah Feng, I must have been possessed. I was wrong and shouldn’t have fooled around with Xiao Wang. I really didn’t like her that much. The woman I love the most is you still. Will you forgive me?” 
She looked at him and nodded as she cast her gaze down. “Sure.” 
“Good then.” Shen Xiu got onto his feet and poured a glass of water for her. Then he held her hand and said with regret in his tone, “Why is your hand so cold? Are you feeling unwell? Have you had dinner?” 
She shook her head and replied, “No, I haven’t.” 
“I’ll eat with you, come.” 
Holding her hand, Shen Xiu led her to the dinner table in the dining room. 
Then he quickly pulled out a chair for her, helped her sit down and served her food, all the while trying to placate her with sweet words. 
“Ah Feng, I remember you like chicken soup. Here, drink more of this.” 
It wasn’t that she liked chicken soup. It was because she had had too many abortions and her body was weak. She needed the supplement. 
“Ah Feng, I remember when we were young you loved western food. Shall we go and have western food tomorrow?” 
It wasn’t because she had liked eating steak. It was because she had wanted to look like a person with taste and wealth. 
Actually, she couldn’t even tell the difference between a good steak and a bad steak. 
“Ah Feng, are you full? Eat a little more, you’re eating too little.” 
She used to eat a lot more but later on, to keep her figure, she had started to eat less and she had never once felt full after dinner. 
She had done so much for him, but in the end…
She listened to him quietly. After dinner, the two of them sat on the sofa in the living room watching TV. 
Shen Xiu glanced sneakily at her every now and then, and he finally said, “Ah Feng.” 
She turned and looked at him. 
Shen Xiu sighed and continued, “I was possessed when I did that. Look, I’m so good to you and you’re so pretty. I won’t go and look for Xiao Wang again, so…” 
The corners of her lips started to curl upwards. After a night of putting on an act, he was finally going to get to the point
Indeed, the next thing he said was, “Look, why don’t you let Xiao Wang go? And I guarantee I’ll never go and look for her again.” 
“I’m asking you to let her go for your own good. If this matter leaks out, you won’t look good, isn’t that so?” 
“Besides, what’s the big deal? We’ll just give her some money and ask her to leave.” 
“Ah Feng, don’t overthink it. I have really come to my senses. It’s not that I’m trying to rescue her. I just want you both to be ok. I promise I won’t go looking for her again, isn’t that good enough?” 
“Why don’t you just let her go? She’s young and quite pitiful.” 
“Ah Feng, why are you laughing? Do you understand what I’m trying to say?” 
Mei Feng finally spoke, “Yes, I understand.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“I can agree to it, but you have to agree to a condition.” 
“Say it, it’s not a problem! As long as you let Xiao Wang go, I can agree to even a hundred conditions, ok?”
###Chapter 1245: Mei Feng’s Ending (10) 
She stared at the man and knew that he was only trying to pacify her the moment he had so easily agreed to it without hesitating. 
Mei Feng smiled icily and shut her eyes. “No need for a hundred. I only have one condition.” 
“Go ahead.” 
“Let’s get a divorce.” 
“…” 
Shen Xiu was speechless. 
The surprise sent him into a daze. 
He looked at her in disbelief. Never could he have imagined that Mei Feng would ever say such a thing. 
He widened his eyes in astonishment and said, “What did you say?” 
“I said, let’s get a divorce.” 
Mei Feng sat up straight and looked at him. She continued, “You like Xiao Wang and I’ve grown old. A divorce is our best option. We can stop hurting each other.” 
Shen Xiu frowned and started, “But if we get a divorce, what would happen to you? Oh, yes, I need to give you an alimony to maintain your lifestyle. How much money do you want? You can give me a figure.” 
Shen Xiu had long wanted to get a divorce. 
Right now, since she had brought it up herself, he couldn’t be happier. 
Rubbing his hands together with glee in his heart, he wondered if this meant that he would be able to marry Xiao Wang and bring her home once he was divorced. 
Xiao Wang was a humorous person and being with her made him feel ten years younger. 
Of course, he couldn’t treat Mei Feng too poorly since she was willing to step out of the ring so easily. After all, she had been with him for so many years. He would give her a million, or maybe ten million. 
At this thought, he heard Mei Feng say, “That’s right, let’s get a divorce. Of course we will have to split assets. I want two-thirds of your net assets.” 
Shen Xiu was immediately stunned upon hearing this and sprang up on his feet exclaiming, “What did you say?!” 
Although he didn’t have company shares, when the company gave a yearly bonus, the Senior Master would give him a portion. Besides as the CEO of the company, he drew a salary. Hence, he obviously had at least hundreds of millions worth of assets. 
Shen Xiu didn’t have any shares, so his personal assets were all he had and they were important to him. 
Now Mei Feng has opened her mouth to ask for two thirds?! 
He was furious and said, “Don’t you think you’re asking for too much!” 
Mei Feng looked indifferent. Although she felt like her heart was painfully torn apart, she didn’t show it at all on her face. Looking at Shen Xiu, she said calmly, “It’s not too much. Your assets are our joint assets as husband and wife. It’s ok if you don’t want to give me two-thirds of it, let’s settle for equal share. You are the one who is having an affair and it’s your responsibility. I’m more than kind enough to not have kicked you out without a single cent.” 
Shen Xiu snorted icily and said, “Have you even earned a cent out of all this money? I was the one who earned it all, so why should I even give you any?! Five million. You take the money and get out of the Shen family immediately!” 
Mei Feng laughed and said, “What do you think five million can do? It can’t even buy a house in Beijing! What sort of life do you want me to live? Shen Xiu, let’s go half-half. If you agree, I will return your Ms. Wang, all intact, immediately!” 
Shen Xiu looked hesitant. 
Half would be at least tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions in capital. 
All this money in exchange for Xiao Wang… Was it really worth it
He frowned and snorted icily after a moment. “Divorce? What divorce? I’m not going to divorce!” 
Then he stood up and headed off to his study. 
Looking at his back view disappear up the stairs, Mei Feng could not help but laugh icily again. 
Perhaps she would have even thought a little higher of him if he had actually agreed to it.
###Chapter 1246: Mei Feng’s Ending (11) 
As it were, Mei Feng only felt regretful. What had come over her at the time? To actually have fallen for such a man? Furthermore, to think that she had sacrificed so much of her lifetime for him. 
– 
In a part of the Shen villa, in the meantime. 
Qiao Lian was almost three months pregnant. The people got together, chattering and giggling as they discussed Xia Yehua and Li Mao’s wedding. 
Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan were looking at wedding dresses and gowns, when they saw Shen Liangchuan suddenly pick up his cell phone and glance at it. He walked off to the side to pick up the call. 
She suddenly recalled Ms. Wang, so she stood up and walked over. As she approached Shen Liangchuan, she heard him say, “Keep yourself hidden and don’t come back to Beijing in the near future. Uh huh. Thanks for your help.” 
After he had hung up, Qiao Lian walked up to him and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
He turned to look at her and smiled immediately. “Sister Wang has settled the matter.” 
Qiao Lian widened her eyes and asked, “Really? And now what’s happening between Shen Xiu and Mei Feng?” 
“My guess is that they’re in a big fight. Today Shen Xiu called for the police to arrest Mei Feng. But there was no proof and they couldn’t take her away.” 
“Hahaha, wouldn’t that just infuriate Mei Feng!” 
He nodded and said, “Yes, probably.” 
“And after that, what’s going to happen?” 
He laughed and replied, “After that, nothing.” 
Qiao Lian was puzzled. 
He explained, “We have done what we needed to, which is to get them at odds with each other. Those two… one is too smart and the other too stupid. It’s just a matter of time until they part ways. Then we would have achieved our goal, no?” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
As it were, all they wanted was to put them in bad terms with each other and let them fight amongst themselves. 
But neither of them thought that the consequences would be so bitter. 
After their chat, they turned around. They had intended to return to the living room and continue the discussion about the wedding. But unexpectedly, upon turning around, they realized that Shen Zihao was standing there right behind them. They had no idea how long he had been standing there. 
He was staring at them, frowning tightly. 
Qiao Lian glanced at Shen Liangchuan. Worried that Shen Zihao would misunderstand, she said immediately, “We did plan it so that Shen Xiu and Mei Feng would fight. But if Shen Xiu had just exercised some self-control, he wouldn’t have been seduced.” 
Shen Zihao cast his gaze down and took a deep breath. He nodded after a moment and said, “Yes, I know.” 
Then he turned and walked away. 
Qiao Lian looked at his figure and then threw another glance at Shen Liangchuan. n?.＆nbsp;
The man explained with little expression on his face, “Shen Xiu always treated him well, because in his eyes, he had only one son. This son is his only successor.” 
Hence, Shen Xiu had fulfilled his duty as a father to Shen Zihao. 
Otherwise, Shen Zihao wouldn’t have thought the world of his father in the past and misunderstood Xia Yehua for so many years. 
Evil people were capable of forming genuine relationships too. 
Quietly, Shen Zihao walked out of the living room. He wandered into the garden at the back of the villa and strolled around on his own. 
Although there were street lamps around, it was still quite dim. 
As he strolled, he suddenly heard a gentle voice coming from behind him, “What’s the matter?” 
He turned around and saw Xia Nuannuan. 
Flashing a smile at her, he asked, “Why did you come out here?”
###Chapter 1247: Mei Feng’s Ending (12) 
Xia Nuannuan walked up to him and held his hand. “You looked moody, so I came out to see how you are.” 
Shen Zihao nodded and told her what had happened. 
After a pause, she said, “And you don’t agree with what Big Brother has done?” 
Shen Zihao was silent and took a couple of steps forward. Then he said, “Actually, Dad has been really good to me. I remember when he first married Mei Feng, he would chat with me after he got back from work every day. He would ask me all the time if Aunty Mei treated me well.” 
Shen Zihao looked lost now as he stared into the sky. “He was afraid that Mei Feng would mistreat me, so he had surveillance cameras installed around the house.” 
“I remember I used to do poorly in exams when I was in grade school. The teachers would compare me with Big Brother and it frustrated me. When I got home, Mom would make me revise my school work alone in the study and I would cry. He would take me with him, ignoring Mom, and he would drive me to the playground to play. One time, he carried me in his arms and said, ‘Son, so what if you’re bad at studying? We have money! It’s more important that you’re happy. I’ll send you overseas once you’re in junior high school. That will make you look good, and then you can come and work in the company with the management.’” 
He said these words imitating his father’s tone. 
After saying this, he couldn’t help but burst out laughing. 
Xia Nuannuan looked at his back and felt the loneliness of the solitary figure before her. He looked lost. 
He hung his head and said, “Of course, I understand that what he did then was not right. Although there were issues in the way he showed his love for a child, he loved me nevertheless.” 
“Nuannuan, did you know that even when I discovered that there were big flaws in their characters, I kept thinking that Dad must have turned bad under Mei Feng’s instigation? If it hadn’t been for Mei Feng having seduced him, perhaps he’d still be that caring Dad.” 
“But today after I heard their conversation, I discovered that even if Mei Feng had not existed at the time, it would have been another woman.” 
Xia Nuannuan sighed again and said, “Zihao, don’t think about it too much.” 
The man laughed immediately and continued, “That’s right. What’s wrong with me today? Suddenly I’ve gotten sentimental. Haha, ok, let’s not talk about it anymore. Let’s go back to the living room.” 
Xia Nuannuan nodded. 
– 
In the Shen family residence. 
Shen Xiu paced back and forth angrily in the study. 
Mei Feng had had the audacity to ask for half of his assets. How could this woman be so atrocious?! 
She had even kidnapped Xiao Wang. 
He had to think of a way to rescue Xiao Wang. 
He took a deep breath. 
For sure, he would not give her the money. 
But he had to get Xiao Wang back! 
His breath quickened with anxiety. 
That Mei Feng, what was wrong with her
If the police wouldn’t take her away for questioning, then he would have to do it himself. 
At this thought, he became excited at once and dashed into the bedroom next door. 
He threw open the door and charged right at Mei Feng, who was lying on the bed. 
Her eyes snapped open and at once, she saw his aggressive face. She jumped in fright and asked, “What are you doing?” 
Shen Xiu immediately reached out and squeezed her neck lightly with both his hands. Then he said viciously, “Tell me, where is Xiao Wang? If you don’t, I’ll strangle you to death.”
###Chapter 1248: Mei Feng’s Ending (13) 
The only source of light in the dim room was the bedside reading lamp. 
The rest of the room was dark, but Mei Feng could clearly see the murderous look in Shen Xiu’s eyes. 
She felt the hands around her neck tighten as he said, “Are you going to speak up?” 
She felt all the tiny hairs on her back standing on end as she choked. 
She bit her lip and extended her hands, trying to wriggle out of his grip. 
But she was pinned down by Shen Xiu and she wasn’t as strong as the man. She struggled with all her strength for a while but it was useless. 
Her chest was in extreme pain from the choking. For the first time, Mei Feng felt death coming down upon her. 
Her mouth fell open, but no words came. She widened her mouth like a fish out of the water gasping for air. But her vision was blurring as all her other senses sharpened. Just as she thought that she was going to die, the hands around her neck loosened their grip. 
Immediately, she started taking in big breaths. 
Now she was beginning to get scared. 
Scared of this man, this man who seemed to be going mad. 
Shen Xiu lowered his voice and asked in a vicious tone, “Are you going to tell me?” 
She quickly replied, “Shen Xiu, you can get imprisoned for killing someone! Don’t- don’t be rash.” 
Her voice was raspy, as her vocal cords had been damaged from the choking. 
Shen Xiu laughed icily and said, “How hard do you think it is for the wealthy like us to avoid the law, even if we kill someone? You know, no one would even know that you’ve died.” 
Mei Feng’s pupils shrank back at once. Shen Xiu continued, “Where is Xiao Wang?” 
Where was Xiao Wang
How would she know?! 
In the past, perhaps Mei Feng could have outsmarted him but right now, she was frightened by his behavior and was completely afraid. 
She quickly said, “I don’t know. I really don’t know. It wasn’t me. I didn’t kidnap Xiao Wang… I have nothing to do with her..” 
Shen Xiu’s eyes turned bloodshot and he shouted, “Mei Feng! Do you think that I won’t dare to hurt you?! Do you not believe me when I say that I will really strangle you to death?! If Xiao Wang dies, I will make sure you accompany her to hell.” 
After saying this, he tightened his grip again. 
Mei Feng’s eyes were on the verge of popping out. 
Shen Xiu’s action earlier had given her the misperception that he had been about to kill her. 
But he was really going to kill her now. 
A sense of panic overcame her at once and she reflexively pushed him with all the strength she had. 
The truth was that Shen Xiu would never have the guts, otherwise, he wouldn’t have bumbled to this extent through most of his life. What he had done had just been a carefully timed show, put up only to frighten Mei Feng. 
At this point, he was just about to loosen his grip and release Mei Feng, but she had unfortunately given him a hard push. 
Hence, it didn’t take much for Shen Xiu to tumble off the bed onto the floor, falling right on his bottom. 
“You dare to hit me!” 
Shen Xiu hollered in anger and tried to get onto his feet to charge at Mei Feng. But his bottom was in so much pain that his back gave way, and he fell backwards uncontrollably. 
Then, his whole body started to tremble involuntarily. n?. 
Mei Feng was stunned and suddenly realized that Shen Xiu was having an attack. 
These years, he had had high blood pressure. 
He had just gotten worked up, hence his blood pressure had risen. Now he was having a stroke!
###Chapter 1249: Mei Feng’s Ending (14) 
If someone was suffering from a stroke, immediate medication and medical treatment was be critical, otherwise the person’s life would be in danger. 
Mei Feng jumped off the bed, ran to the medicine chest on the side and opened it. Then she retrieved his medicine and started looking for water. 
She got a glass and filled it with water. She was about to rush over to Shen Xiu when she suddenly halted. 
She looked at his trembling body on the ground and images of him strangling her suddenly flashed across her mind. 
She froze on the spot, her pupils shrank back. 
At this point, Shen Xiu was looking at Mei Feng with a hand stretched out towards her. His lips were trembling but he had trouble speaking. He seemed to be mouthing the word, “Medicine, medicine.” 
But Mei Feng stood there and she wasn’t moving. 
A look of devastation appeared in Shen Xiu’s eyes. 
After a moment, he finally saw Mei Feng moving. 
She walked up to where he was lying and lowered her body. Then she brought the medicine close to his mouth. 
He opened his mouth but, suddenly, Mei Feng lifted her arm and, with one motion, flung the medicine into the trash bin. 
Shen Xiu: … 
The trembling man wanted to move towards the trash bin, but he realized that he wasn’t able to control his own body. 
One side of his mouth was dropping and he could hardly see clearly. 
At this point, he heard Mei Feng’s voice in his ear, saying, “You wouldn’t even agree to giving me half of your assets if we were to get a divorce. You’re so petty, why don’t you… die then? If you die, all your assets will be mine.” 
Shen Xiu widened his eyes upon hearing these words. 
His anger rose again. He was so infuriated that this anger worsened how ill he was feeling from the stroke. 
This fury unleashed his emotions once more. 
Then a curtain of darkness enveloped him… And he never woke up again. 
– 
Five minutes later. 
Mei Feng stared at him. She noticed that his chest was still and unmoving. 
It looked like he was dead. 
Slowly, she lowered to the ground and extended her hand, placing a finger under his nostrils. 
She felt no breath. 
She felt all her energy drain out of her as she dropped on the floor, sitting down with a thud. 
Shen Xiu was dead. 
Shen Xiu was dead! 
The man she had loved all her life was dead. 
Although she hadn’t killed him, she had indirectly caused his death. 
The fury she had felt when he had been trying to kill her had vanished without a trace, along with the feelings from his death. All that was left within her now was a great void filled with loneliness. 
She had actually caused his death. 
Mei Feng clenched her fists tightly as she stared at Shen Xiu. Suddenly, she threw herself on him like a mad woman and yelled, “Shen Xiu, wake up, you! Shen Xiu, wake up! Wake up!” 
As she shouted, she cried. Her loud cries caught the attention of the housekeepers and very quickly, there was a knock on the door. Then the door was opened. 
– 
Shen Zihao did not sleep well all night. 
One would wonder if the hearts of a father and son are joined. 
On this night, his sleep was full of dreams. 
He dreamed of his childhood, when his father would play with him, carrying the boy on his back. He dreamed of his father telling him in a meaningful and heartfelt way that he was no worse than his big brother. 
When he woke up in the morning, he had the oddest feeling. d. c
Why had he kept having dreams about his father
He got out of bed, washed up and took a cold shower. 
He picked up his towel and walked out of the bathroom, toweling his hair dry. The moment he got downstairs, he saw everyone had a sombre expression on their faces, which meant that something bad had happened.
###Chapter 1250: Mei Feng’s Ending (15) d. c
But what had happened
Just as he was wondering this, he saw Xia Nuannuan get onto her feet and walked over to him. She held his hands and said, “Dad had a stroke last night and passed away.” 
His hands went limp when he heard this. The towel fell on the ground. 
He looked up in disbelief and stared at Xia Nuannuan. “What… did you say?” 
Taking his hands tightly into hers again, Xia Nuannuan repeated, “Dad passed away last night. Zihao, don’t be sad.” 
But before she could finish speaking, Zihao had shrugged off her grip and, like a mad man, dashed out of the house. 
He ran to the courtyard and was going to get into the car when he suddenly felt a grip on his arm. 
He turned around and saw it was Shen Liangchuan. His expression darkened at once as he said, “Let go of me, don’t stop me! Although he’s not a good man, to me he’s just Dad! You—” 
Shen Liangchuan did not wait for him to finish before he walked to the side, got into the car and started the engine. He opened the door of the front passenger seat and then simply said to Shen Zihao, “Get in.” 
Shen Zihao halted. 
Shen Liangchuan asked him, “Do you even know which hospital he’s in?” 
The man quietly got into the car. 
Shen Liangchuan, taking his younger brother with him, drove away from the villa. 
After the two men had left, Qiao Lian patted Xia Nuannuan’s hand and said, “Shen Liangchuan is just worried that Shen Zihao could be too distressed to drive safely.” 
Xia Nuannuan nodded. 
– 
Mei Feng was crying like there was no tomorrow when Shen Zihao and Shen Liangchuan arrived at the hospital. 
They had only just prepared Shen Xiu’s body and it was lying there. It looked like he was sleeping, his expression was peaceful. 
Shen Zihao stood on the spot looking at the body lying on the hospital bed. One difficult step at a time, he walked towards it. 
That was his father. So it wasn’t for no reason that he had had those strange dreams last night. 
This man—the father he found loathsome, who infuriated him—was someone he could not let go of. 
Shen Zihao dashed up to the bed and gripped his father’s arms, calling out, “Dad, wake up, I’m here to see you!” 
“Dad, wake up. I know I wasn’t a good son. Please wake up. If only you woke up, I’d come home, okay?” 
“Dad, open your eyes and look at me. I’ll be obedient, just wake up.” 
“Dad!” 
Grabbing his father’s arms, Shen Zihao finally started to cry—he made no noise even though his tears fell fast. 
Until the doctor came in to inform them that they had to take the body to the morgue so that they could easily preserve it. 
Shen Zihao held onto the body still, refusing to let go. 
Shen Liangchuan, on the other hand, stood by the side and watched impassively. 
When Shen Xiu’s body was taken away, the room fell silent. 
Shen Zihao regained his composure gradually. 
At this point, Mei Feng suddenly spoke, “Zihao, before your father passed away, you were the one person he was most worried about.” 
Shen Zihao looked up at her upon hearing these words. He stared at her and said, “My Dad had high blood pressure, but there should be medicine at home. Why did it get so serious this time? Where were you when he got sick? Why didn’t you take good care of him?” 
Mei Feng lowered her head to avoid his gaze. With a troubled expression, she said, “I was too tired last night. When I woke up in the middle of the night, I saw him on the floor. Zihao, ever since your Dad knew about your mother’s wedding with Li Mao, he was complaining about getting headaches, chest pains, high blood pressure. He didn’t let me tell you about all of this, because he was afraid that you’d be put in a difficult position.”
###Chapter 1251: Mei Feng’s Ending (16) 
After she said this, Mei Feng lowered her head and covered her eyes with her hands, putting on a pitiful look. 
Shen Zihao stared at her. 
If at this point this woman had really been feeling grief over his father’s death, perhaps he would have had some respect for her still. But she was actually trying to sow more discord between him and his mother. 
What was this woman’s heart made of? How could she be this despicable
He looked at her with narrowed eyes. 
Just as he was at a loss for words, a voice said, “Why is there a handprint on your neck?” 
Mei Feng fumbled at that sudden question. She quickly lowered her head and adjusted her collar to conceal the mark, not daring to look up. 
Looking at the two men with a horrified expression, she said slowly after a moment, “What handprint? You must be seeing things.” 
She shifted her gaze to Shen Zihao again and said, “Zihao, come back to visit when you have time. Your Dad left you a number of things.” 
On this note, she turned to leave. 
But after taking two steps, Shen Liangchuan stopped her, “Stop right there.” 
Mei Feng wanted to walk out but oddly, Shen Liangchuan’s commanding voice made it hard for one to disobey. 
She gulped nervously and slowly turned around to look at the man. 
Shen Liangchuan approached her one step at a time as he said, “You haven’t been getting along with him recently. Did you think we’re not aware?” 
Mei Feng’s face turned ashen at once. 
“Although I dislike him, he is still my father. Mei Feng, let me tell you, you’d better pray hard that you have nothing to do with his death or else…” 
Mei Feng shuddered in cold fear before he could even finish what he was saying. 
She lowered her gaze and said in great disgrace, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Then she hurriedly left the hospital. 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes as he stared at her disappearing figure. 
After a while, he turned around to look at his brother. 
Shen Zihao, however, did not dare to meet his eyes and, instead, looked around to avoid his big brother’s gaze. 
Finally, Shen Liangchuan said, “Let’s go home.” 
Before he could finish, Shen Zihao had already walked right past him. 
After thinking for a moment, he followed the man. 
They both came to the carpark. 
Shen Liangchuan walked over to open the car door, when he suddenly saw a flash from the corner of his eye. He turned his head at once and saw a fist come at him, narrowly missing his face. 
He frowned. Shen Zihao was glaring at him and challenged him, “Let’s have a fight then.” 
Shen Liangchuan paused for a moment before he slipped his jacket off and threw it on the car seat. 
He knew Shen Xiu’s death inevitably had something to do with Xiao Wang, and Shen Zihao needed to vent. 
He could not blame Shen Liangchuan, but at the same time he couldn’t forgive the fact that Shen Xiu had obviously been affected by this vengeful act on their part. 
The brothers stood next to the car and had barely gotten themselves into position when Shen Zihao delivered that punch. 
Shen Liangchuan did not dodge it but took the hit in stride. Immediately, he returned with a blow at his brother’s arm. d. 
One blow after another, punches were delivered. Neither of them avoided each other. 
Both of them were not in the best of moods. 
No matter how crappy a man Shen Xiu had been, he had been their father. Neither of them wanted this sort of consequence. 
Until at last, they both sat on the ground with little energy left in their bodies, looking nothing like their usual impeccable wealthy young master selves.
###Chapter 1252: Mei Feng’s Ending (17) 
Beads of perspiration had formed on their foreheads and they were taking in big gulps of air. 
Shen Liangchuan threw Shen Zihao a glance and said calmly, “So do you feel better now?” 
Shen Zihao lowered his head and asked after a moment of silence, “Big Brother, were we wrong?” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and replied, “It wasn’t us. It was me. This had nothing to do with you.” 
Shen Zihao looked up with an astonished expression. 
Shen Liangchuan looked at him and continued, “I was the one who schemed it right from the start. What has it got to do with you?” 
Shen Zihao clenched his fists tightly. 
After a moment, he said, “Dad was right about one thing.” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at him. 
The younger man said, “I can’t match up to you.” 
Shen Liangchuan chortled. 
Shen Zihao hung his head. “I know Dad never really liked you and it was because you were strong. Grandad often called Dad a good-for-nothing, he said that he could not even match up to you. Once, he even said in front of Dad that he was going to let you take over the family business. Dad was extremely upset.” 
Shen Liangchuan did not say anything and listened to his brother quietly. 
“I know Dad had a bad temper, and sometimes would get really explosive. But he treated me… very well.” 
“Dad wasn’t clever enough, but he actually worked very hard in the family business.” 
“He kept criticizing Mom saying that she had betrayed him, and a whole lot of other things, but I have observed countless occasions when he would spend a long time staring blankly at Mom’s picture.” 
As Shen Zihao spoke, he felt a growing pain in his heart. 
“He wasn’t a nice guy and wasn’t a good father to you, but he was good to me.” 
Shen Zihao buried his head in his knees and frowned. He continued, “I tell myself all the time that Dad became like this because Mei Feng confused and misled him—” 
Shen Liangchuan interrupted him at this point, “Don’t push all the blame on that woman. If he had had a firm stand, would he have been so easily misled and confused? Would he have been seduced by a woman I sent?” 
The root of the problem lay in the fact that Shen Xiu couldn’t hold his ground enough. 
He was ignorant, petty and narrow-minded. 
But what was the point of saying all of these things now
He was dead and any greater hatred or desire for revenge would now have to be let go. 
In any case, this man was Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao’s father and they were his flesh and blood. They felt no joy, only loss and helplessness. 
Shen Zihao fell silent. The parking lot was silent. 
Ever so often someone got out of a car, or a car drove away, avoiding the two men in their paths. 
They sat there still, as though they were going to sit there till the end of time. It was as though this was their way of paying their last respects to the dead man who had been their father. 
After some time, Shen Liangchuan’s cell phone rang. 
He looked down and saw that it was Qiao Lian. 
He picked up the call and heard her asking, “Where are you guys? When will you be back?” 
He answered, “Right now.” 
“Ok, we’ll wait for you at home. Is Shen Zihao… ok?” 
He glanced at his brother and said, “He’s ok.” 
After he hung up and got ready to take Shen Zihao home, a man suddenly came up to them. 
The man stood in front of Shen Zihao and said, “Master Zihao, it’s really you. There’s something I need to tell you.” 
This man had been Shen Xiu’s chauffeur.
###Chapter 1253: Mei Feng’s Ending (18) 
Surprised, Shen Zihao asked, “Why are you here?” 
Taking a quick and furtive look around, he took Shen Zihao’s arm and dragged him aside, saying, “Young Master Zihao, given what has happened to Sir, I’m just hanging around to see what else is needed. I’ve come here because Madam sent me to buy dinner. But that’s not the important thing, Young Master Zihao, there’s something I want to tell you.” 
Shen Zihao paused and said, “Go on, what is it?” 
The chauffeur quickly lowered his voice and said, “Right before this happened to Sir, he and Madam had a big fight.” 
The chauffeur narrated the details of what he knew had happened between Shen Xiu and Xiao Wang, as well as the arguments with Mei Feng, “The two of them were talking about a divorce and Madam wanted half of Sir’s assets. Sir did not agree and, even now, we’re unable to locate Xiao Wang.” 
Shen Zihao frowned and said impatiently, “I know all of this.” 
Before he could finish, the chauffeur interrupted, “No, Young Master Zihao, this is not the point I’m trying to make. The point I’m trying to make is…” 
The chauffeur looked around furtively again. He further lowered his voice and said, “Last night, Sir actually didn’t sleep. Before he went to bed, he asked me to deliver a document to him. When I was on my way upstairs, I saw Sir walk out of the study and into his bedroom.” 
Shen Zihao looked stunned. These words seemed to trigger some sort of realization in him. “What do you mean?” 
The chauffeur sighed and said, “I didn’t dare continue when I saw Sir going into the bedroom. Then I heard Sir and Madam talking in the bedroom, so I went back downstairs. Later on, about half an hour later, Sir was dead.” 
Shen Zihao’s pupils shrank back as he suddenly realized the implications of the chauffeur’s words. 
Mei Feng had claimed that she had been asleep and, when she woke up, Shen Xiu had already passed out on the floor, with no breathing. 
But right now, the chauffeur was saying that when Shen Xiu went into the bedroom, Mei Feng had been awake and they had even exchanged some words. 
If this was the case, it meant that Mei Feng had seen Shen Xiu having an attack yet hadn’t helped him
As though finding out about a great secret, Shen Zihao retreated in disbelief. 
He had a shocked expression as he looked at the chauffeur before him. Finally, his fingers curled tightly into fists. 
He could almost be sure beyond doubt of what had happened when he put together what the chauffeur had said. 
Because problems had surfaced in their relationship, Mei Feng had not saved Shen Xiu when he was having a stroke. 
All of these years, Dad’s blood pressure had been unstable, hence there was always a supply of medicines at home. As long as the right drugs were given to the man at the right time, he would be fine. How could he have suffered a stroke all of a sudden
Clenching his fists tightly, all of his fury at once found an outlet finally. 
Mei Feng… Mei Feng! 
He pushed the chauffeur aside with one swift motion and started to walk ahead, asking at the same time, “Where is she?! I want to avenge Dad! Mei Feng!! I will not let her off!” 
His expression darkened as the veins in the back of his hands swelled and raised on the surface of his skin. If he had his way, he would run her now and kill her himself. 
The chauffeur jumped in fright, quickly retreated and said, “Young Master Zihao.” 
Shen Zihao swept the chauffeur’s out of the way again and walked away with red eyes. He took another two steps and suddenly felt someone hold him back by his arm. 
He turned around and saw Shen Liangchuan just behind him. The man said coldly, “And what do you suppose you’ll do when you find her? Kill her? And then exchange your life for hers? And what will happen to Xia Nuannuan who has just gotten out of a coma? And what will happen to Mom, who is finally about to find her hard-earned happiness?”
###Chapter 1254: Mei Feng’s Ending (19) 
The rims of Shen Zihao’s eyes had reddened and, with his tightly clenched fists, he had a murderous expression on his face. But he gradually calmed down upon hearing Shen Liangchuan’s words. 
His vision blurred as a sense of injustice overwhelmed him. “What do we do then? Big Brother, what do we do now? Press charges against her! Let her accompany Dad in his grave.” 
Shen Liangchuan lowered his gaze and sighed, “How are you going to press charges against her for such a thing? Say that she refused to save him? Besides, do you have proof? Do you think the chauffeur’s words alone will be enough?” 
Shen Zihao had no answer. 
Indeed, he had no proof. 
Disregarding the fact that he had no proof, even if he had, so what
The law would not punish Mei Feng too heavily. 
He would not accept this. Looking at Shen Liangchuan, he demanded, “So are we just going to let the matter rest and not pursue it more?!” 
“Of course that’s out of the question.” 
Shen Liangchuan lowered his gaze and said calmly, “You have to remember, we can’t operate with a one-track mind. If one way doesn’t work, then we’ll find other ways.” 
Shen Zihao looked at his brother as a stern look flashed across the latter’s eyes. Shen Liangchuan said with an intimidating and formidable tone, “I will not let her off.” 
Shen Zihao asked him, “So what are you going to do?” 
“She will get none of what she wants.” 
– 
Shen Xiu was dead, and his assets were now an issue. 
Although the Senior Master was still alive, according to the law, Mei Feng was the first in line to inherit his assets. 
Besides, Shen Xiu had been estranged from his two sons. Hence his assets naturally had nothing to do with Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao. 
Mei Feng alone had inherited everything that belonged to Shen Xiu. 
The Senior Master was not willing to fight over it. 
After all, to the Old Master, Shen Xiu’s assets amounted to peanuts. 
Mei Feng surveyed the Shen villa and made a mental calculation of the estate that now belonged to her. She suddenly burst out laughing. 
All of a sudden, her heart felt so light that she could fly. 
She had felt moody the day Shen Xiu had died. She had even been sad. But now, she realized that she had already gotten what she had always wanted. 
When she was younger, hadn’t she chosen to become Shen Xiu’s mistress for the sake of money
Now she had money. 
She had everything. 
Mei Feng was so excited she wanted to scream out loud. 
She made an effort to ignore that void and loneliness somewhere deep in her heart, and started to laugh with no inhibition, alone in the villa. 
As she was laughing, someone ran up to her in a panic. “Madam, Madam, our company is in trouble!” 
Mei Feng stopped short and looked at the person, asking, “What’s the matter?” 
Shen Xiu was wealthy, but he had used all his cash to start up a small company. Under the umbrella of the Shen family enterprise, the small company had done extremely well and, in recent times, had even gotten itself into the property market. 
It could be said that out of all the assets that Mei Feng had inherited, two-thirds had been invested in this small company. 
So the moment she heard news of trouble in this small company, she became anxious, of course. 
The worker said, “We are having issues with our company’s funds. We need a few hundred millions to reach the end of the month.” 
This news sent Mei Feng into a daze. She asked, “Why so much money?” 
“Madam, property itself is a booming business. Of course the capital investment is high! We need hundreds of millions just to successfully bid for a piece of land. And after that, you still need more money for construction and everything. Now that the funding has been cut, what do we do?” 
After all, Mei Feng had worked in the company in the past, hence she knew a little about property. They usually took a loan from a bank. So she said right away, “Shouldn’t we look for a bank?”
###Chapter 1255: Mei Feng’s Ending (20) 
The worker said in a troubled tone, “When Sir was around, the banks would give us a loan because of him. But the bank employees have now told me that the company is too small and our application has not been approved.” 
Mei Feng was livid. 
What did they mean with too small? So when Shen Xiu was around, it wasn’t too small
Wasn’t this all because they no longer had any relationship or connectionsi?re?. ?m
She frowned. Then the worker said softly, “Madam, I also heard that someone had a hand in this so that the bank wouldn’t give our company a loan.” 
Mei Feng paused and asked, “Who?” 
The worker hung her head and said, “Mr. Shen.” 
Mr. Shen? Which Mr. Shen
As soon as this question crossed her mind, Mei Feng gasped, “Shen Liangchuan?” 
The worker nodded. 
The woman clenched her fists and bit her lip. 
Shen Liangchuan… Shen Liangchuan! 
She took a deep breath and muttered, “What do we do now?” 
The worker lowered her head and said, “Now we can only beg Mr. Shen. Otherwise, you could go, look for Young Master Zihao and ask him to put in a few good words for you. That would make things much easier.” 
Mei Feng looked at the worker with gritted teeth. After thinking it through, she realized that was probably the only way out now. 
She took another deep breath and said, “Fine, let’s go and look for them.” 
On the way to meeting Shen Zihao, Mei Feng felt uneasy. 
At the same time, she cursed at Shen Xiu under her breath. Nothing good had come out of this at all. 
He had managed the Shen enterprise for so many years, yet he didn’t even have any company shares. And the company that he had set up himself was completely invested in property. There was no cash and they still had to take a loan from the bank. If the bank didn’t approve the loan, they would have to declare bankruptcy. 
After going through all that trouble to get her hands on the assets, she couldn’t possibly go broke now. 
Hence even if she had to lower herself to beg, she mustn’t let the company collapse. 
At this thought, a glint flashed across her eyes. 
Shen Zihao was at any rate more gullible. If she made it sound logical, such as it was his late father’s business, she was sure that his heart would soften. 
In the meantime. 
In the Shen villa. 
Xiao Wang stood between Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao and sighed, “I really didn’t expect that the situation would turn out like this, I feel terribly guilty.” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “This wasn’t something within your control. Now that Shen Xiu is dead, you can stay here without fear. There’s no need to stay in hiding anymore.” 
Xiao Wang nodded. 
Holding a check out to her, Shen Liangchuan said, “This is your payment. As for what Shen Xiu has given you, it’s yours.” 
Xiao Wang took the check and slipped it into her purse. Then she turned and walked out. 
Shen Liangchuan got onto his feet and offered her, “Sister Wang, let me accompany you.” 
Xiao Wang smiled and waved, saying, “It’s ok, you’re the customer. I wouldn’t want to trouble you.” 
Having said that, she walked to the doorway and opened the door. 
The moment she walked out, Mei Feng’s car pulled up at their doorstep. 
She got out of the car and, just as she was thinking about how she should ask to see Shen Zihao, the door swung open and Xiao Wang appeared. 
Their eyes met. At once, the two of them froze on the spot. After a moment, the surprised Mei Feng exclaimed, “What? It’s you?!”
###Chapter 1256: Mei Feng’s Ending (21) 
Mei Feng couldn’t, for a moment, believe her eyes as she stared at Xiao Wang. 
Stiffening her posture, she looked at the Shen Villa. nn. 
She heard the housekeeper’s voice calling from inside, “Sister Wang, Mr. Shen has asked me to accompany you.” 
Mr. Shen. Sister Wang. 
They seemed to know each other quite well. 
Mei Feng’s pupils shrank back at once and, in a flash, she suddenly seemed to realize something. 
She stared at Xiao Wang with a startled expression and said, “You- you are their—” 
Xiao Wang had initially felt awkward, but seeing that Mei Feng had recognized her and figured out the truth, she nodded and said, “That’s right, it’s me.” 
She raised an eyebrow, tilted he head sneered, “But Mrs. Shen, aren’t you too bold? Daring to act against your own husband, tsk tsk. I should stay away from you. But I don’t suppose you’ll do anything to me. After all, I’m working for Mr. Shen.” 
Having said this, she waved the check in Mei Feng’s face and haughtily brushed past the woman as she left. 
As she was walking away, Mei Feng grabbed her wrist and rebuked her, “How can you go around breaking up other people’s marriage? Don’t you have any ethics?!” 
Xiao Wang raised an eyebrow. “Mrs. Shen, you seem to forget that you were someone’s mistress once?” 
Mei Feng was flabbergasted upon hearing this, she had no comeback. 
She looked at Xiao Wang with a startled expression, while the other woman laughed icily and strode away. 
Mei Feng now felt somewhat weak in her knees. 
Right at this point, a few people came to the door since they had heard the two women talking outside. 
Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao stood at the doorway looking at Mei Feng. 
When Mei Feng saw them, she was angry at once. “You- you two- you two unfilial sons! You’ve caused your father to die of anger!” 
Shen Liangchuan lowered his gaze and started, “I think you have a very clear idea of how my father died.” 
A chill spread inside her body as she looked up in astonishment. 
Did they know the truth
But the next moment, she thought that it was impossible. 
Because when the incident happened, it had only been Shen Xiu and her, so there was no proof. 
Her face tensed up as she denied, “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but…” 
With a skillful switch of topic, she looked at Shen Zihao and said, “How could you do such a thing when your father gave you so much? Getting someone to break up his family… Do you have a conscience?!” 
Shen Zihao was silent for a while before he said, “Well, then what were you thinking when you went all out to destroy Xia Nuannuan
Mei Feng was speechless, but she remembered what she was here for and said, “Zihao, your father has died, it’s not the time to be fighting between us. The company that your father left behind is now facing some problems.” 
Shen Zihao frowned and looked at the woman in the eye. With a frosty tone, he said, “Mei Feng, stop pretending. We know the truth! You watched him die without helping him. We can’t press charges against you for this, but it doesn’t mean we don’t have ways to punish you.” 
Mei Feng retreated a step in fright when she heard his words. 
They knew. They knew indeed! 
She clenched her fists tightly and looked at Shen Zihao. She was starting to have trouble articulating, “What- what do you want?” 
Shen Zihao cast his gaze down and said, “Everything that you have. I will strip you off these things one at a time.” 
“Mei Feng, the real estate business is just the beginning.” 
“What you owe to my Mom, my Dad, Xia Nuannuan, what you owe to my dead child, I will make you pay back.”
###Chapter 1257: Mei Feng’s Ending (22) 
Mei Feng took a step back, completely unnerved by Shen Zihao’s declaration. 
She looked at him with an expression of shock and disbelief. 
She gulped and slowly said, “Zihao, you- you—” 
“Take her away.” 
A housekeeper appeared at Shen Zihao’s instruction. “This way please,” she ushered the stunned woman. 
Before Mei Feng could say another word, Shen Zihao had turned and walked back into the house, with his back to her. She opened her mouth but eventually shut it again without saying anything. 
She took in a deep breath and then went home to the Shen family residence. 
But the moment she arrived home, she saw the housekeepers filing out of the house, one at a time. 
Mei Feng was shocked and dashed up to them, asking, “What are you people doing? Did I ask you to leave?” 
The housekeepers did not look at her. They instead walked around her and continued to leave. 
In a panic, Mei Feng grabbed one of them and said, “What am I going to be eating tonight if all of you leave? I won’t allow this!” 
“There’s no longer a master in the house. Are you going to keep a bunch of people here to look after an empty house?” A stern voice suddenly spoke. Mei Feng froze. 
She spun around and saw Old Master Shen walking out. 
He held a walking stick and was aided by someone. He stood there staring at Mei Feng sternly and with a look of despise, like she was a piece of trash. 
Mei Feng choked and lowered her head. She spoke, “Dad, what brings you here?” 
Senior Master Shen laughed derisively and said, “Don’t call me Dad. I’ve never recognized you as my daughter-in-law.” 
Mei Feng fell silent. 
She took a step towards him and continued, “Dad, whether you recognize me or not, I’m still Shen Xiu’s wife. Shen Xiu just passed away a few days ago, you can’t treat me this way.” d. cm
“Treat you which way?” The Senior Master chortled, pointed at the extensive land and continued, “I built this mansion for Shen Xiu before you got married, it belongs to me. It is not his property. Now that he is dead, I am taking it back. You have any ions?” 
Stunned, Mei Feng said, “But Dad, where will I stay then?” 
Senior Master Shen lowered his gaze and replied, “I don’t know.” 
He didn’t know. 
So he really didn’t care about her
She started to panic. “Dad, you can’t just abandon me. I’m Shen Xiu’s wife!” 
Senior Master Shen sneered, “Wife? Did you give him children and bring them up? Or took good care of him? When he had an attack and died, you were in the room and you heard nothing. A woman like you doesn’t qualify as a wife.” 
Senior Master Shen was an elderly man. He had already greyed overnight because of Shen Xiu’s demise, hence his grandsons Shen Liangchuan and Shen Zihao hadn’t told him about what Mei Feng had done. 
But even so, Senior Master Shen was already angry with her. 
She stood rooted to the ground in a daze. 
Children, still it was about children. 
Ultimately, it was because she had had no children. 
That was why she had spent all of those years getting into Shen Zihao’s good books. It was in hopes that if Shen Xiu died before she did one day, Shen Zihao would treat her kindly. 
But now, Shen Zihao was on bad terms with her. 
And if she didn’t have the house, who was going to look after her when she got old
As she stood there in a daze, someone had already packed her belongings into three large suitcases and brought them out. 
Senior Master Shen then lowered his head and ordered, “Let’s go.” 
At that instruction given, everyone in the villa left. Finally, even Mei Feng was dragged out of the house by the security officer. Then the main gate of the property was shut and the lock snapped with a loud clang.
###Chapter 1258: Mei Feng’s Ending (23) 
The skies gradually darkened. Mei Feng stood outside the towering metal gate staring at the locked door, still stunned and in a daze. 
This had been her home, but now she couldn’t even step inside. 
She raised her hand and wanted to knock on the door, but she knew there was no one inside. 
This courtyard that was full of life and vitality, this house for which she had struggled so many years to fill with her presence… They were no longer hers. 
Why was this ending so different from what she had imagined it to be
She had thought that when Shen Xiu died, everything would be hers. 
It was only now she realized she was mistaken. 
It was only if Shen Xiu was alive that she would be able to live here in peace. Once Shen Xiu was gone, she was homeless. 
For the first time, she felt a deep remorse. 
If she hadn’t just stood there and watched him die, but taken care of him and worked patiently to win back his heart, or even let him discover Xiao Wang’s real identity, then he and Shen Liangchuan would have fallen out completely. 
Wouldn’t Shen Xiu have listened to her then
What had she been thinking back then? How could she have even thought that good times would arrive for her if he died
She felt lost and helpless as she stood there until 10 p.m. She had grown cold and hungry. It finally sank into her brain. 
Dragging the three large suitcases, she walked to the main road next to the property and continued along it. 
The property was huge and extensive, so everyday life had its inconveniences for sure. 
She walked for a good half hour before she saw a public bus stop. 
She stood there for what seemed like an eternity, but there were no taxis in sight. Eventually, dragging the suitcases again, she got onto a public bus. 
It was past 10 p.m. and there were only a few people on the bus. 
She sat on the bus, suddenly recalling a time more than ten years ago. She had arrived in Beijing alone. She had been one among the working class. 
Every day, she would take the public subway and bus. And in her ordinary and busy life, she would envy the people who lived in those villas and manors. 
However now… 
She cast her gaze down. 
She finally understood that wealth alone would not make one happy. 
But the next moment, she was consumed by a raging hatred spawning within her. 
If it hadn’t been because of Shen Liangchuan, Shen Zihao wouldn’t have fallen out with his father. 
If it hadn’t been for Shen Liangchuan, Shen Xiu wouldn’t have fallen out with her. 
Without Shen Liangchuan, she wouldn’t be in this plight. 
Now she was like a vagabond, without a shelter at night. 
Shen Liangchuan… Shen Liangchuan! 
Why hadn’t she just ran over him with her car back then? Instead, she had killed that Soul Fighter, or whoever. 
Her nails dug into the flesh of her palms as she curled her fingers tightly. 
The bus entered the city. Dragging the three suitcases behind her once more, she found a five-star hotel and checked in. 
Upon entering the room, she dropped on the huge bed and stared at the ceiling. d. o
Now she had nothing. 
Shen Xiu’s property business was destined to go bust. 
And all she had in hand was less than ten million in cash. 
What could this money do in the sprawling Beijing
It couldn’t even get her an apartment. 
She took a deep breath. What would she do now
What would she do? The woes of survival caused her to stay up all night. She sat up and looked through her suitcases. 
As she was rummaging through them, she suddenly saw an envelope with something in it. She opened it and saw the name of an eSports club: SX.
###Chapter 1259: Mei Feng’s Ending (24) 
SX
Were they Shen Xiu’s initials
Puzzled, she stopped to think. Then, there was a sudden flash of realization. 
Now she remembered! 
She remembered there was one time he got hopping mad at Shen Liangchuan in the office. She had tried to console him and he had said something about what mattered to Shen Liangchuan the most, and that he couldn’t take it even if it were destroyed. 
Shen Xiu had thought deeply at that time and in the end, he had said, “The only thing that that silly cares about is eSports!” 
He had added, “I’ll beat him at eSports then.” 
At the time, Shen Liangchuan’s CQ Team had won the top place in the Beijing regional competition and they had managed to get into the national competition. 
So this SX
Mei Feng quickly picked up her cell phone. She made a search on the internet and discovered that this SX Team was registered in Shanghai. They had already gotten into the national competition. 
Her pupils shrank back as the hatred within her spawned the urge to take revenge. 
She gritted her teeth, narrowed her eyes and clenched her fists. 
Shen Liangchuan, didn’t you want to destroy everything I have
Then let me destroy everything you have! 
At this thought, Mei Feng immediately booked a flight to Shanghai. 
The next morning, she flew to Shanghai. When she arrived at the club, she contacted the team club’s management. 
This newly-promoted boss was unfamiliar to everyone, hence the coach wasn’t too confident when he met her. But unexpectedly, she only said one thing, “I want the team to win this competition. We have to defeat CQ! Do it, no matter how.” 
The coach paused and then said, “But our team has just been established. It’s going to be hard to win this competition.” 
Mei Feng narrowed her eyes and replied, “Why would it be difficult? Don’t you know how to get external help?! I seem to recall that country H has exceptionally good players. Look them up.” 
The coach was stunned. “Well, I do have a candidate in mind, but the general assessment of this person in country H is not very positive. Still, in terms of technical skills, he’s world-class.” 
“I don’t give a damn if his general assessment is negative. As long as we can win, get him on board!” 
The coach replied hesitantly, “But a foreign player from country H is going to cost, the annual wage alone is a few million.” 
A few million. 
Mei Feng felt a pinch. 
Everything put together, what she had now didn’t even amount to ten million. 
But at the thought of Shen Liangchuan, and at the thought of Xiao Wang, she steeled her heart and decided, “Hire him!” 
Even if she had to sell all of her possessions, she would take Shen Liangchuan down, she would create trouble for him. 
From a young age, his greatest aspiration had been to bring eSports to the world. 
She had put a stop to it eight years ago. 
And she could put a stop to it again! 
She would personally and completely crush his biggest dream and aspiration. 
At this thought, a look of crazed ecstasy appeared on her face. 
– 
In the Shen villa. 
The devastating plight of Mei Feng was a consolation to the two Shen brothers. Their moods significantly improved. 
That evening, when Shen Liangchuan walked into the bedroom, he saw Qiao Lian playing a match on the computer with light music in the background. 
He walked up and embraced her from behind. . m
Pushing him away immediately, Qiao Lian chided him, “Hey, don’t. I’m playing!” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “… And the match is more important than me?” 
She glanced at him and laughed. Then she said, “You’re more important than the match!” 
The man smiled and asked, “So when are we holding our wedding?” 
She tilted her head, thought for a moment and then said, “Let’s wait till CQ Team wins the world championship. Then we’ll talk about it.” 
Shen Liangchuan: …
###Chapter 1260: Mei Feng’s Ending (25) 
The national competition was just around the corner. 
CQ Team had gone to Shanghai. 
Qiao Lian should have been there by now too, but the unexpected death of Shen Xiu had delayed her schedule. 
After participating in a few competitions now, CQ Team had demonstrated their strength and had become the dark horse of the year. 
The team was progressing at a vigorous pace in the national competition, so Qiao Lian would watch the matches whenever she had time. She was also training hard to get herself up to the platform’s standard, hence she had immersed herself in the games during this period. 
Upon hearing this, Shen Liangchuan took a few glances at the screen. 
Qiao Lian had nimbly avoided the enemy’s control and spun around. With great technical skill, she slayed the opponent. 
Her movements were light and fluid. They demonstrated both her agile maneuvering capability as well as her potential to slay opponents. 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes as his lips turned upwards into a smile. 
In her last check-up, the doctor had said there was a marked improvement in her condition. It appeared that it wouldn’t be a problem for her to take part in the competition. 
He leaned forward to embrace her more deeply. Then he looked at the screen and said, “How is the training for the competition going?” 
She quickly farmed some of the enemy’s minions. 
The match was coming to an end. They had invaded and broken into the opponent’s jungle to win the game. 
At this point, Qiao Lian lightly exercised her wrist and turned to Shen Liangchuan. 
Once they were on the topic of the competition, she adopted an extremely serious expression and said, “There are no major issues. Our greatest threat is probably PC Team. Prince is an extremely strong player, and Zombie Leader is young and gets easily flustered. Fortunately, CQ is in Group One and they are in Group Two. They won’t have to interact for now.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
He studied the results of the small group matches. 
They had to accumulate points through these small group matches and then, through this ranking, the top eight teams would be picked to form the selection matches. 
Under the leadership of Zombie Leader, CQ Team was almost never defeated and was steadily leading Group 1. 
On the other hand, PC Team, under the leadership of Prince, held a steady lead in Group 2. 
As they were analyzing the match, Shen Liangchuan suddenly made a curious sound. 
Qiao Lian paused and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
“Look at this team called SX. Why haven’t we heard of them?” 
Shen Liangchuan had been busy with Shen Xiu’s funeral arrangements recently and hadn’t kept up with the games. 
Qiao Lian explained, “This is a new team. Apparently, they were only established this year and are less than three months old.” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and said, “A new team that has managed to get into the top 16 on a national level?” 
Qiao Lian replied, “Isn’t CQ a new team too? Other dark horses are allowed too! Besides, look, they are actually not that good. At least, they’ve lost more than they’ve won. Look at their points, they’re already at rock bottom and the small group matches are ending. If this team loses one more match, they won’t be able to make it to the top eight. And see who they’re up against next.” 
At this point, she clicked on the match schedule to look. Immediately, she said, “It’s PC. That’s unfortunate enough for them.” 
PC was a long-standing national champion and an exceptionally powerful team. Virtually every team that came up against them would be defeated.
###Chapter 1261: End Game (1) 
It was believed that Prince’s playing standards had reached world-class. 
Although Qiao Lian could predict SX’s completely devastating end, she did not dwell too much on it. 
After all, that was someone else’s problem, and her own team’s match was about to begin. 
At this thought, she looked up at Shen Liangchuan and said, “I will book tomorrow’s tickets. Are you coming to Shanghai with me?” 
He nodded and said, “Of course.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and added, “Then I’ll book your ticket as well. We’ve been absent too many times, so this time I have to be there myself to cheer for CQ Team.” 
– 
Qiao Lian was a determined organizer. 
After saying that, she booked the tickets for the both of them. 
The next day, the couple said goodbye to Xia Yehua, Shen Zihao and the rest, and flew off to Shanghai. 
Very soon, it was the day of the competition. 
There was not a single empty seat amongst the audience. There was much excitement and passion in the air. 
When Qiao Lian walked in, she could feel the fans’ support and love for the teams. 
Among the seated audience, there were rows of horizontal banners held up and neon sticks dancing in the air. The atmosphere was filled with a lot of excitement and anticipation. 
Today’s small group matches would start with PC vs SX. After that, CQ would be playing. 
They had arrived earlier partly because they were hoping to gain a greater understanding of PC team’s playing. After all, this team was their greatest threat and strongest opponent. 
Watching a match on the screen was very different from watching it live. 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan sat in their VIP seats. They had been waiting for a short time when a big and tall man appeared and stood next to Qiao Lian. 
She paused for a moment before she turned to look. She discovered it was Lu Nanze! 
Qiao Lian immediately stood up with surprise, her pupils shrinking back. She exclaimed, “Second Brother! What brings you here?” 
Pointing at the players on stage, he said, “You know, I’m also the boss of PC Team. Why can’t I come?” 
Qiao Lian laughed at once and said, “I don’t mean it like that. I mean, it’s a big surprise to see you here.” 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and smiled. He raised his hand and was about to do what he had always done in the past, tousle her hair, when suddenly another hand shot grabbed his wrist. 
The man looked up and saw that Shen Liangchuan had cleanly intervened. He turned the grip into a handshake and said, “Mr. Lu, it’s been a long time.” 
Then he inserted himself between his wife and the man, saying, “Xiao Qiao, take my seat there. Let me sit here so that it’s easier for me to speak with Mr. Lu.” 
Qiao Lian was stumped. 
It smelled like jealousy. Needless to say, someone was jealous. 
She glanced at Lu Nanze and then shifted her gaze to Shen Liangchuan. She raised an eyebrow and immediately pushed Shen Liangchuan out of the way, firmly taking the seat between the two men. “No way, if you want to speak, do it after the match. We’re here to watch the match today!” 
What if a fight broke out because of them sitting next to each other
She, Qiao Lian, was not that stupid. 
Thinking this, she shook her head at having to worry about such things. 
The two men exchanged a glance and simultaneously took their seats beside Qiao Lian, like two heavenly pillars guarding and protecting the girl in the middle. 
The host on the stage was now giving an enthusiastically animated narration of the match. 
Seated in the audience, Lu Nanze suddenly asked, “The host said that Prince’s strength is in C position, what does that mean?” 
The man, who knew nothing about gaming, was asking this. 
Qiao Lian burst out laughing and explained:
###Chapter 1262: End Game (2) 
“In this game, you have to choose a champion to fight. So inevitably some people play a resistant strategy, some people play a losing strategy. Prince plays a losing strategy. The game is more demanding on people playing a losing strategy. It’s only when the person loses enough ground that the team battles can be won.” 
A look of realization came over Lu Nanze’s face and he said, “Oh, so that’s how it works. Then how do you play this game?” 
“This is actually a game where you have to destroy the opponent’s turret.” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Shen Liangchuan watched as Qiao Lian patiently explained to the other man. As he listened to her explaining in a gentle tone, he couldn’t help being eaten by jealousy. 
How is it that you’re never this sweet when you talk to me
In the background, the host endlessly talked through the opening ceremony. 
Suddenly, the host remarked, “Today’s match is a little special. In the first small group match, we have PC playing against SX. PC is a veteran fighting team, as we all know. They almost never lose a match! But… SX has finally brought in their foreign player, who is also the top player of country H. Everyone probably knows this player, King.” 
Upon hearing this announcement, the crowd was triggered immediately and it created a commotion. 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back as her eyes narrowed. 
King. 
King!! 
She spun her head around and looked at Shen Liangchuan. She saw him looking at her too with his pupils shrank back. 
As they looked at each other, their expressions turned serious. 
They recalled a team match that they had played in their senior high school days. A match where they had been cruelly taunted… ?n?а. ?m
She could even remember what King, the captain of King Team had said: 
“Chinese pigs.” 
“You call yourself the top, and these are your pathetic standards?” 
“Weak chicken.” 
This had become the motivation that had pushed Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan onto the eSports path, and they had never looked back since. 
They had been on this journey for eight arduous years. They were eight years late and only now they had set their path straight. 
But they had never thought that they would run into King again. 
Indeed, there was no avoiding the enemy. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes as she listened to the commentator’s remarks, “King was the captain of the world champion King Team. After retirement, he was invited by SX to China. I believe that the match today will be exceptionally exciting! With King on their team, SX will be transformed. Perhaps today’s match will be incomparable to others, one that will be more exciting than any others you’ve ever watched.” 
As the host continued to narrate, Lu Nanze suddenly turned to Shen Liangchuan and said, “I’ve got something to talk to you about. Shall we go somewhere else?” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
What sort of timing was this?! What are you two guys up to
She immediately said, “Let’s wait till the match is over. What do you—” 
“Sure. Where?” 
Lu Nanze got onto his feet and headed to the exit. 
Shen Liangchuan followed him. 
By the time Qiao Lian realized what was going on, the two men had already left the event venue and were on their way to the lounge nearby. 
Qiao Lian turned to look at the stage. She estimated that it would take another 20 minutes before the match started. Gritting her teeth, she ran after the men. 
What if they started a fight and she wasn’t there to intervene
She arrived at the backstage lounge and looked around. The two men were nowhere in sight. As she was about to leave, she suddenly heard voices coming from the restroom.
###Squinting to focus, Qiao Lian realized that the voices were coming from the men’s bathroom. 
She cleared her throat and looked around to ensure that no one was coming this way. After doing that, she moved closer, hoping to hear the conversation between Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze. 
But unexpectedly, upon moving closer, all she heard was someone speaking in the H country’s native tongue. 
She had never learned the H language, but she could tell from the tone that the person spoke arrogantly. 
She then realized that the two men she was looking for weren’t in the restroom after all. 
She had almost stepped away at this thought when she heard someone say in Chinese, “What do you mean? I don’t understand!” 
Qiao Lian halted. That voice. 
She had spent some time working in Lu Nanze’s office, hence she was familiar with the members of Prince’s PC Team. 
That voice belonged to someone from PC Team—a person with the nickname Bamboo. Bamboo specialized in playing support in the games and his job was to protect Prince. 
At a guess, Bamboo was taking a toilet break before the match started. 
But what was going on with the person who spoke in H language
As Qiao Lian was puzzling over this, she heard the foreigner’s interpreter say, “Hey, noob, are you all ready to tremble in fear before me?” 
Qiao Lian: …!! 
That proud and aloof tone—this guy was plainly asking for trouble by talking like that. 
She frowned. 
Then she heard a furious Bamboo raise his voice, “Watch your words! Who are you calling a noob? You’re the noob yourself!” 
The other party started spilling a strong string of words again and the interpreter said, “I think you know more than anyone else whether I’m a noob. I hear that Prince from your team has been imitating me… People even say that it’s possible he’s surpassed me. But I know that’s impossible, do you know why?” 
Bamboo shook his head. 
The foreigner continued, “Because I have a good support.” 
“I’ve analyzed your team. Prince is indeed excellent in maneuvering, but he’s encumbered by you! A support like you… You’re just too incompetent.” 
“If I were you, I’d feel so embarrassed that I’d leave PC on my own accord. Because you’re definitely the one holding the team back.” 
The unpleasant words by the foreign player even made Qiao Lian bristle. 
How could King do this?! 
He was playing a psychological game right before the match to make Bamboo nervous. That would impact negatively on his performance for sure. 
This King was too despicable and shameless. 
Qiao Lian took a deep breath and was going to speak up to let the people in the restroom know of her presence, but before she could, she heard Prince’s voice, “Bamboo, where are you? The match is starting. Have you flushed yourself down the toilet?” 
The people in the restroom gasped in surprise and yelled, “Coming right away!” 
Then Bamboo ran away before Qiao Lian could say anything. 
After Bamboo left, Xiao Qiao, who was still standing there, saw a man with a tall and large physique walk out of the restroom slowly. He had an expression that was extremely gloomy and wore a baseball cap with the SX team uniform. He was cool and rather good-looking. n?e?. Co
He quickened his steps, but he saw Qiao Lian as he walked out. 
He halted at once and said broken English, “You are Xiao Qiao?” 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and replied, “That’s right, that’s me.” 
King stared at her for a moment and started laughing. Then he said, “Loser.”
###Chapter 1264: End Game (4) 
His speaking was stiff. 
But the meaning was clear. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes at his derisive attitude. She raised an eyebrow at the rather good-looking man. 
He twitched his mouth and laughed. There was something evil but charming in the way he laughed. 
Qiao Lian smirked and said, “Welcome to China, King.” 
She extended her hand. 
The interpreter conveyed the message to the man. 
Immediately, the foreign player laughed and extended his hand. 
However, before his hand could make contact, Qiao Lian withdrew hers. She raised an eyebrow again and continued, “… so that we have a chance to take revenge.” 
Then she stylishly turned and walked away. 
King stood there befuddled until the interpreter explained what she had said. Then he narrowed his gloomy eyes. 
“CQ? This… is… a joke.” 
He laughed icily and lowered his head to look at his fingers. He looked up again, towards Qiao Lian now disappearing into the distance. 
There was a flash of anger and embarrassment in his eyes. 
– 
Qiao Lian walked away from the men’s bathroom. For a moment, she was in a conundrum between looking for Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze, or watching the match. After some thought, she quickly headed back to the venue. 
She had to warn Prince. 
Not that she was so kind-hearted. 
But rather that she didn’t want to see that sort of underhanded viciousness in a competition. 
Their support had been insulted by King and, for sure, the guy wasn’t in the best frame of mind. 
But before she could locate the man, she realized that all the players had already taken their seats on stage and the match had begun. 
Nervously, she took her seat amongst the audience and watched the game interface intently. 
Prince took his usual position to play the losing strategy, so he needed his support to protect him. in?. Coｍ
Usually, the coordination between them would be flawless. 
But now, the support was obviously not going with the flow. 
He didn’t dash forward when he should have and did not return to protect Prince when he should have. 
This caused Prince to lose HP very quickly. 
The man couldn’t help but remark, “What’s the matter with you today, Bamboo? You’re not with it!” 
These words cause Bamboo to fumble and panic even more. 
Unconsciously, King’s words came back to him. 
Prince’s playing standards were world-class for sure. 
But he had not achieved more because of an incompetent support like himself. 
He hadn’t done a good job as a support. He was the worst support there was and held Prince back from progressing. 
These thoughts surfaced in his mind all at once, causing him to lose focus and panic. 
His fingers were starting to tremble. 
Prince obviously realized that there was something not right with his support. He turned, took a quick glance at the man and asked, “What’s the matter? Feeling unwell? If so, don’t force yourself. It’s a small group match and we can afford to lose a bunch of them.” 
Those words finally calmed Bamboo down. 
Indeed. He had been partnering up with Prince for so many years, why should he believe the words of a foreign player and not his own teammate
At the thought of this, he finally found his focus back and concentrated on supporting Prince. 
Eight minutes. 
A group battle broke out on the top road. 
Three of the opponent’s champions moved in to capture Prince and Bamboo. 
As Prince retreated, he shouted, “Bamboo, come back and protect me.” 
But before he could finish speaking, the enemy had charged up from behind and slayed him. 
Whereas the support survived, with some HP left in him.
###Chapter 1265: End Game (5) 
Very obviously, with his low HP, it would have been an easy task for any of the three opponents to throw a spell and kill him. But all three of them walked right past him. 
Bamboo felt the insult at once. 
Gripping his mouse tightly, he went back to the base to recharge. 
Then he would wait for Prince to resurrect and return to the top road. 
However, ten minutes. 
Back on the top road. 
Bamboo stuck by Prince’s side nervously, afraid that the enemies would charge up to kill him. 
This time round though, the group took the opportunity of the damage done to the turret and killed Prince. And they left the support with just that bit of HP so that he survived. d. c
Prince was livid, “Damn! They are doing this on purpose? Support, what’s the matter with you? Charge ahead! If you had just charged ahead a little more, they would have killed you. What are you so terrified of?” 
It was alright if the support got killed a few times, the damage would have been minimal. But if Prince got killed too often, then it would be detrimental to the champion’s development. 
Bamboo was rashly berated. 
In the match that followed, they were attacked again and again. Prince frowned and his expression turned stormy. 
Bamboo, on the other hand, felt his mind go blank. 
It wasn’t that situations like this had never happened in the past. 
Because the other team knew that Prince was a formidable player, whenever they played against PC Team, they would aim to hinder the development of Prince’s champion. 
But in all of those times, Prince and Bamboo had calmly discussed the game strategy with each other. This time though… 
Prince was flustered too. 
The support knew that if he had died and helped Prince survive, then he would have done his job. 
And if both the support and Prince died, then it merely showed they had a strong opponent and that couldn’t be helped. 
But now, damn it! Prince got killed on every occasion, the support would survive with HP left. 
Was there something not quite right about it?! 
Sparing the support’s life was definitely a deliberate move by the opponent, and it was probably to cause bad feelings between Prince and his support. Hence, they were trying to be subtle about it. 
In addition, when Prince was slayed, he got frustrated, so naturally he was not paying too much attention to the support’s situation. 
This greatly angered Prince. 
After taking his anger out on his support with a few harsh words, of course Bamboo’s state of mind deteriorated. 
His mind was now focused only on one thing. 
I can’t. 
I’m a dumb support. 
Without me, Prince can go much further. 
But he was too muddled to think that they were already the national champions. 
Bamboo was in a daze, causing him to be playing below par. 
In a later team battle, a wrong move he made caused Prince to lose his life. Lacking a player in the losing strategy and unable to properly carry out their strategy, they suffered a crushing defeat. 
Right up till the time that their nexus got blown apart, Bamboo’s mind was a mess. 
After the match ended, he sat there in a daze, staring at the computer. 
Prince, on the other hand, looked gloomily at the support and asked, “What’s the matter with you? Are you feeling unwell?” 
Bamboo kept silent. 
That made Prince even angrier and he said, “Well, say something. I trusted you to look after my back, but you turned and walked away. I was stabbed by the opponent. What was that all about?” 
As a young man, his temper was rather explosive. 
Especially when his support had not been himself at all throughout the match. 
But Prince did not know how much pressure his support was facing. 
Prince was going to continue his tirade, when his support suddenly threw his mouse down and said, “I’m not playing video games anymore.” 
Prince was stunned. “What did you just say?” 
Bamboo immediately started crying and said, “I’m no good at gaming! I don’t know how to play a good game! I’m stupid!”
###Chapter 1266: End Game (6) 
Prince frowned immediately. 
Just as he was about to berate Bamboo, he suddenly heard a voice saying, “Bamboo, you’ve fallen right into King’s evil plot.” 
Prince frowned when he heard these words. He turned around and looked at Qiao Lian, asking, “What happened?” 
Qiao Lian quickly told Prince about the conversation that she had overheard at the washroom. 
PC Team fell silent at once. 
Gaming did not only test one’s strategic ability, but also skills in technical maneuvering and psychological warfare. 
Except that this time round, King’s method had been overly nasty and unethical. 
Prince was livid and said, “Why didn’t you say something earlier?! They are obviously targeting us!” 
Bamboo had already fallen apart. “It’s useless even if I had said it. I only wanted to prove that I wasn’t trash, but the fact is that I played badly. I don’t know how to play a good game.” 
He felt that all the focus was on him, and that everyone was thinking what a crappy support he was. 
This thought went round and round inside him like crazy. 
Prince grabbed his hand and said, “Bamboo, relax. We’ve been doing this for so many years and it has always been good, hasn’t it?” 
“But it’s true, I keep holding you back.” 
Bamboo ran his hand through his hair a couple of times in frustration and said, “I know that your maneuvering is world-class. But I can’t keep up with your pace. All these years, you’ve adapted to me, it’s my fault. I think you should find yourself another support, I’m really not cut out for this.” iα.＆nbsp;c?
As he said this, the grown man started tearing up. 
Prince replied angrily, “Where do you think I can find another support here in the competition venue?” 
Bamboo was stunned. 
He looked around with a blank expression on his face. That’s right, they were actually at the competition venue. 
Indeed, what was wrong with him
He felt like he had been possessed 
He gulped. 
Prince got onto his feet and patted him on his shoulder, saying, “Alright, let’s do this again. Don’t be sad.” 
Bamboo nodded. 
Looking at Bamboo’s situation, Qiao Lian could have already predicted the outcome of today’s match. 
She walked out and back to the seating area. On her way back, she ran into King, who was returning to the venue after a toilet break. 
She frowned when she saw King smiling at her. He said, “Nothing is too deceitful in war.” 
Nothing is too deceitful in war. That was true. 
But using that sort of tactic on Bamboo and targeting him like this made Qiao Lain feel sick. 
Because that sort of tactic was vicious and could ruin Bamboo’s eSports career. 
He had played a support role for so many years. If he left at his most glorious time, for sure he would feel exceptionally devastated the day he should come to his senses. 
Qiao Lian clenched her fists tightly and took a deep breath. Without saying another word, she went back to her seat. 
Then she sat there, waiting for the second session to begin. 
When the second session started, the opponent once again targeted Prince and Bamboo. Prince cursed and swore. Adding to this was a support who was out of it. Their defeat in the second session was imminent. 
Staring intently at the match displayed on the big screen, Qiao Lian felt hopeless. 
As she contemplated the situation, she suddenly caught sight of two figures. 
She paused and looked up. Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze were back! 
At this point, Shen Liangchuan expression was as murky as the sea. 
Lu Nanze, on the other hand, was smiling. 
However… 
Qiao Lian could clearly see that there was a big bruise on the corner of Lu Nanze’s mouth. Obviously, the man had been hit. 
What had gone on between these two men?!
###Chapter 1267: End Game (7) 
Qiao Lian opened her eyes in shock, wanting to ask what had happened. She turned her head to look at Shen Liangchuan and realized that his face was really grim. Thus, she decided to ask Lu Nanze instead. She softly asked, “Did something happen
Lu Nanze’s expression was too hard to read. 
Just as Qiao Lian was intending to continue asking, a huge hand held her head. Then her head was forcefully turned to the front and Shen Liangchuan’s voice came, “What happened to the support of PC Team?” 
His sentence triggered Qiao Lian’s fury. 
As her attention was diverted, she stared at the competition stage, feeling injustice and fury. “That dude named King is so evil! Before the competition, he told the support that Prince wasn’t able to play well because he was burdening Prince. So this affected the support’s feelings and until now, he hasn’t been his usual self.” 
Her words made Shen Liangchuan frown. 
Qiao Lian added, “Oh yes, do you remember that we fought against a professional gamer from H country when we were in senior high school?” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and Qiao Lian continued, “King is that guy. Just now, when he saw me, he even provoked me.” 
Qiao Lian was filled with anger from the injustice. “He said that I’m a loser. This guy is too proud! Didn’t he realize that we lost then because they were professional players and we were just amateurs. Also, is losing one game considered as completely losing? He’s simply going overboard.” 
Shen Liangchuan kept silent. ?ne?. oｍ
After Qiao Lian finished speaking, she also kept silent. 
Her head suddenly felt really heavy. 
During those years, they were completely tortured. The opponents had been really powerful and had crushed them from the start. 
The teamwork made them seem like one person instead of five. 
Not every team had the ability to do so. 
At least, the current CQ was unable to do so. 
CQ was still too young. They needed a lot more practice, more teamwork and more experience. 
But… 
Qiao Lian lowered her head and looked at her hands. 
She couldn’t wait anymore. 
Not to mention her injury, professional players were usually less than 25 years old. If they were unable to reach their peak by the age of 25, then basically the sharpness of the player would fall. 
She was getting older and she couldn’t afford to wait for the next season. 
Furthermore, she had agreed with Shen Liangchuan that they would hold their wedding after becoming champions this season. 
She took a deep breath. 
It seemed like she had to join CQ’s training for the competition after tomorrow. 
Just as she was deep in thought, she heard the sound of the glass being shattered coming from the screen. 
PC Team had lost once again. 
Qiao Lian looked at the players. All of their faces were grave. 
Since entering the professional competition, it was the first time they were experiencing such a failure. 
Prince’s brows were tightly furrowed. 
Even the commentator was extremely surprised. “King is like the anchor of the team. With King in SX Team, they are literally unbeatable. Prince has also finally found his equal opponent. Although PC Team ended their winning streak with today’s competition, I can’t deny that it was a wonderful fight.” 
However, Qiao Lian’s gaze had followed the players of PC Team. 
She saw Bamboo hanging his head in despair and staring emptily. He was in a daze. 
Actually, Bamboo’s presence in PC Team had always been very weak.
###Chapter 1268: End Game (8) 
As PC Team hadn’t lost any games before, they had kept being praised all over the internet. They had never experienced anything like this. 
Considering the fact that Bamboo’s mental strength was so weak, he might not be able to look past this matter easily. 
Seeing the situation, Qiao Lian took a deep breath. 
Shen Liangchuan patted her shoulder and said, “This team consists of very young members. If they do not experience how it is like to fail, they will never be able to improve. This is the reason why despite becoming the national champions, they haven’t been able to enter the global competitions.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
After saying this, Shen Liangchuan paused before he continued, “However, it is undeniable that King was extremely despicable, to use this kind of tactics when competing.” 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help lowering her head with a worried expression on her face. 
Shen Liangchuan continued to say, “What are you worried about?” 
Qiao Lian replied, “I’m afraid they will use the same tactics against our team.” 
After hearing that, Shen Liangchuan became silent. 
After a while, he slowly said, “Don’t be worried, we will tackle this problem slowly.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
The next competition was CQ Team’s group. 
Zombie Leader Su Penghao played exceptionally well and helped his team win their match.. 
After the competition had ended, everyone went to the clubhouse for the celebration party. 
As they were eating hotpot together at night, Qiao Lian suddenly said, “From tomorrow onwards, I will be training together with all of you.” 
After hearing what she had said, Su Penghao was dumbfounded. He suddenly said in a surprised tone, “You want to compete together with us?” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
Ancestor White Bones and Lonely Peerless instantly heaved a sigh of relief. 
Those two often missed the training matches for the competition, since one had to go to school, while the other often had matters to attend to at home. 
Now that Qiao Lian was able to stand in for them, they were not only very relieved, but also extremely happy. 
Ancestor White Bones immediately said, “Then I can become the substitute.” 
Lonely Peerless became silent for a while before he said, “Actually, I should be the substitute instead, my studies are more important. Besides, my original plan was to concentrate on studying this year and focus on playing well next year.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and continued to say, “Then we will just settle it like this.” 
With Qiao Lian joining the team, the entire CQ Team was as if they had been injected with confidence. Everyone was exceptionally happy while eating the hotpot. 
But Qiao Lian looked at them and sighed. 
They had no idea what they were about to face. 
After they finished eating, they returned to the hotel where they temporarily stayed at in Shanghai. 
Qiao Lian was still thinking about the team even after she finished bathing. 
She was silent for a moment and, after a while, she said, “I feel that if King wants to do something against our team, Ancestor White Bones would be the easiest way to target us. The Godfather and The Deputy Godfather only had an average performance during the competition, he probably will not target them. And also Zombie Leader…” 
Shen Liangchuan raised his head and said, “Don’t worry about him.” 
Qiao Lian was taken aback. 
Shen Liangchuan immediately said, “Su Yanbin and Lin Xier’s son will not have weak mental strength, you can rest assured. Also, you may not know about his family background. No one would dare force him to do anything.” 
Qiao Lian was curious. “What family background?” 
“He has a half-sister from the same mother and his brother-in-law is Si Mubei.”
###Chapter 1269: End Game (9) 
Si Mubei
Qiao Lian was slightly shocked and she suddenly reacted. 
Since Shen Liangchuan was in charge of the whole Shen enterprise, she had some understanding of the few big families in Beijing. 
The Si family’s Empire Corporation was really famous and Si Mubei was the corporation’s CEO. 
If Su Penghao’s brother-in-law was Si Mubei, he would be a rather tough target for King to deal with. At least, Su Penghao’s mental strength would be strong enough to resist being targeted. 
Qiao Lian felt at ease and looked at Shen Liangchuan calmly. 
Shen Liangchuan stuck his hand out and patted her shoulder. “Ok, time to sleep. Don’t think too much about all of this, it is alright as long as we have made the effort and tried our best.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
They both lay down and, since Qiao Lian was pregnant, she got sleepy really easily. When she was about to fall asleep, she suddenly widened her eyes and turned to look at Shen Liangchuan. She asked, “Shen Liangchuan, what exactly did Lu Nanze tell you today? Why did you have such an expression when you returned?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and after a while, he slowly lowered his gaze and replied, “Not much, let’s sleep.” 
“Is that true?” . o
“Yes, it’s true.” 
“You cannot lie to me if you have something on your mind, alright?” 
“Ok.” 
After Qiao Lian said so, she yawned and gave up asking. 
She knew that if both Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze didn’t want to let her know about it, then she probably would never be able to find out. 
Qiao Lian sighed. Although she was curious, she still wasn’t able to resist her tiredness and fell asleep. 
When he heard the breathing from the person beside him, Shen Liangchuan opened his eyes and suddenly sat up. 
He turned his head to stare at Qiao Lian dazedly. What had happened today at the competition venue flashed in his memory—when Lu Nanze had asked him to go with him and the things he had said. 
– 
He followed Lu Nanze and walked out. 
As he knew that Qiao Lian had rushed out behind them, Lu Nanze purposely chose a few split roads to shake her off. 
They reached a balcony without anyone. 
Then, Lu Nanze stared into the distance. 
Shen Liangchuan frowned when he saw Lu Nanze’s state. His heart suddenly had a bad premonition. 
He frowned and slowly asked, “What do you want from me?” 
His tone wasn’t very nice, as he thought that Lu Nanze still wanted to fight with him for Qiao Lian. 
But little did he expect that, after saying so, he would hear Lu Nanze plainly say, “It’s time to tell you the reason why Qiao Lian left the club back then, right?” 
Why she left the club back then. 
Shen Liangchuan was silent for a while. He knew that Lu Nanze was referring to when Qiao Lian had left the team club due to her injury. 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
Lu Nanze then spoke, “Her hand injury was because I sent people to hurt her.” 
He lowered his gaze. “It wanted to stop her from looking for you.” 
“Did you know that she wanted to game so badly she was going mad? In the beginning, her parents were planning to send her overseas, just like my parents. They had already made a deal that I would leave with her, but she suddenly gave up all the plans and only wanted to game. I still remember that Uncle Qiao locked her up and he was really insistent. But her attitude was even stronger and she went on a hunger strike to resist it. Her hunger strike was really a hunger strike. She didn’t eat or drink anything for three days. Until the end, she fainted and was so weak that she was taken to the hospital.”
###Chapter 1270: End Game (10) 
When Shen Liangchuan heard this he was stunned. 
He knew that Qiao Lian had gone against her family to join the team and must have paid the price greatly for it. 
He had thought that, as long as she acted charmingly spoiled, her parents would agree to it. 
He would have never expected that she had had to go through so many hardships. 
But she had never told him any of these things. 
It made sense though. Considering how much her parents had loved it, it would be strange for them to approve of a normal girl like her joining the professional gaming industry. 
Just as he was deep in thought, Lu Nanze continued, “After she woke up from the emergency resuscitation in the hospital, Qiao Lian’s mother stared at her and asked if she really wanted to do it. She said yes and after that, her parents agreed to it.” 
“This was because Qiao Lian had always been someone who lost her interest easily. Her parents had originally thought that she was just suddenly crazy about it but unexpectedly, she had kept insisting on the matter.” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down. He couldn’t help but start laughing after hearing these words. Even his voice sounded full of pride. “She was an innate talent in eSports.” 
Lu Nanze did not respond and just continued his story, “After that, I realized that she was unstoppable and found people to injure her hand.” 
Even though he had already known about it beforehand, the moment he heard Lu Nanze describe it so plainly, as if it wasn’t a huge matter, Shen Liangchuan still got exceptionally angry. He sneered and said sarcastically, “Lu Nanze’s love for someone really causes pain.” 
Lu Nanze laughed at himself in self-mockery. He didn’t bother about Shen Liangchuan’s sarcasm and said, “Actually, her hand isn’t injured at all.” 
His words stunned Shen Liangchuan and Shen Liangchuan turned his head to look at him. 
Lu Nanze then continued, “At that time, her father took her to the best orthopedic surgeon. I had looked for the surgeon before them and asked him to tell her that her hand would suffer side-effects from the injury.” 
“Her hand recovered and didn’t have problems. That she feels like her hand is weak and trembles is all… in her head.” 
What he said made Shen Liangchuan’s eyes brighten up at that instant. 
He knew that many professional players actually had hand injuries. 
He was happy that Qiao Lian wanted to join the competition, but he had also been worried that her hand injury would reoccur. 
Never would he have expected to hear such news at this moment. 
He really hated the Lu Nanze from back then. 
He frowned and his tone became worse. “I can only thank Mr. Lu for telling us the truth!” 
After hearing his words, Lu Nanze hesitated for a while but still coughed in the end before continuing, “If hearing this has already angered you this much, I’m worried that you won’t be able to take the things that I’m going to say.” 
Shen Liangchuan was stunned. 
He didn’t know why, but he had a sudden premonition of what Lu Nanze was going to say. 
He stared at Lu Nanze in disbelief and only spoke after a while. “It was you… that day?” 
Lu Nanze laughed and replied, “It wasn’t me, it was Qiao Yiyi.” 
“I didn’t know the login id of Qiao Lian’s gaming account, but after turning her computer on, there was an auto-login function. When her hand was injured, there was a period of time she was depressed and didn’t go online. So in order to stop you two from being together, I asked Qiao Yiyi to do that.”
###Chapter 1271: End Game (11) 
Lu Nanze’s words were the last straw that broke the camel’s back, completely infuriating Shen Liangchuan. 
No longer able to suppress his anger past this point, he finally unleashed it and threw a punch at the corner of the other man’s mouth. 
“You bastard!” Not one to usually curse and swear, Shen Liangchuan couldn’t help himself in this instance. 
Because what Lu Nanze had done was too despicable. It had caused a rift between him and Qiao Lian that had lasted eight years. 
And even now, he still felt the matter was unsettling. 
At the time, he had left the Shen family penniless. 
Hence, when Qiao Lian went back on her word later and the team club demanded 100 000, he no longer had the money. 
He had only been a fresh high school graduate and, without thinking, he had taken on all the pressure with Soul Fighter. That was why he had gone on the internet and into the gaming platform to look for Qiao Lian. 
He had hesitated at first, not quite able to decide if he should ask that money from her. 
But at the same time, Qiao Lian had suddenly asked him if he could return the 100 000 that she had invested to start up the team club. 
The reason she had given him was valid. “Would you return the 100 000 I gave you? I need it for an emergency.” 
He hadn’t thought too much about it, he also didn’t doubt it was true. 
In the end, to return the money and, on top of that, needing to make more money for the breach of contract penalty, he and Soul Fighter took this task upon their own shoulders. 
Later on, Soul Fighter was in an accident and he was sent to the hospital. 
During that time, he had plans to meet up with her. 
When he arrived at the meeting point, he overheard her talking to her friend. It appeared she had reserved a purse that had cost a 100 000. 
He was infuriated at that point. 
In order to save up that sum of money, he and Soul Fighter had paid with their blood. 
But in the end
The money had been to her just a matter of buying a purse. 
Had she asked the 100 000 back from him just to buy a purse
He was so angry that he left in a huff, without even talking to her. 
Later on, even right up till this very day… 
Even though he and Qiao Lian had made up, even though he had gotten past his own inner demons where Soul Fighter was concerned, whenever he thought of this matter, there was a shadow over it. 
And now he finally understood. 
Qiao Lian had not been at fault. 
From the beginning right up till the end, she had not known that the team club had been in need of funds. 
From the beginning till the end, she had never known that Qiao Yiyi had used her account to communicate with him, to ask for the money. 
And even less so would she have known that all the reasons that he had for hating her were in fact never valid. 
He had misunderstood her. 
Misunderstood her for eight whole years. 
And for the same reason, he almost missed his second chance with her. 
At this point of time, he was shaken to the core. 
He was shaken by everything that had happened in the past. 
Fortunately. 
Fortunately, Lu Nanze had told him all of these things now. 
Otherwise, he would have never known that the Xiao Qiao he had hated wasn’t at all the woman who he held close to his heart now. 
With this, the last bit of estrangement between them had vanished. 
At this thought, Shen Liangchuan lowered his gaze and looked at the woman lying beside him. 
She was sleeping quietly. In the still darkness, even her breathing was almost inaudible. 
Like a little kitten, she calmed his heart. 
He reached out and embraced her waist. 
Leaning his head towards her, he lightly planted a kiss on her face. 
Xiao Qiao, thank you for being willing to come back to me.
###Chapter 1272: End Game (12) 
When Qiao Lian woke up the next day, she realized that Shen Liangchuan was a little different. 
Although he had doted on her in the past, had loved her and had cared for her, because of Soul Fighter, it used to seem like there was an invisible barrier between them. But that morning Shen Liangchuan seemed to have opened up to her entirely. 
She observed him as he responded at her beck and call. He spoke gently to her with his deep voice. He seemed loving and incapable of separating from her. Her heart melted. 
But this display of affection… 
“Hey, have you done something you shouldn’t have?” Qiao Lian asked nervously. 
There must be a devil at work when the situation was odd. 
Shen Liangchuan froze in the midst of filling her bowl. He looked up at her and asked, “Why did you say that?” 
Qiao Lian pointed at what he was just doing as an example. “Since I woke up, you’ve been treating me like a kid, helping me get dressed, carrying me to the washroom, helping me wash up. Then you massaged my back even though the baby’s not even three months old and my back doesn’t hurt. You even fed me, I have arms and feet. What’s the matter with you? To sum up, I’m sure you’re feeling guilty over something you’ve done, confess. Are you planning to cheat when we play later? Or have you done something that’s struck your guilty conscience?” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
He coughed and said, “No, I haven’t.” 
She wouldn’t let it go. “Then what’s the matter with you?” 
He insisted, “Really, nothing. Can’t I simply treat you well?” 
Qiao Lian smirked. “Hehehe, if it isn’t something you’ve done, then it must be you have a favor to ask. Say it, what is it you’re after?” 
Shen Liangchuan was stumped by the question. 
Coughing again, he looked at her and slowly said, “Really, I- Ok. I do have a favor to ask.” 
Immediately, a smug expression appeared on Qiao Lian’s face. A look that said, “I knew it!” Putting on an air of magnanimity, she continued, “Alright, out with it then. since you’ve been trying to flatter me, I’ll agree to whatever you ask for.” 
His expression darkened at once. “Really? Whatever I ask for?” 
She asked, “… What’s your wish?” 
“Simple. It’s…” He leaned over and whispered into her ear. 
Qiao Lian turned scarlet at once and exclaimed, “Argh, you pervert!” 
“You said you’d agree to anything.” 
“Not this.” ?α. 
“Why not?” 
“Just not!” 
“Why?” 
“…” 
Arguing over this, they fell onto the bed. 
After a while, there was the sound of rustling sheets and every protest that Qiao Lian made was stifled with a kiss on her lips. 
Since Qiao Lian had discovered she was pregnant, they had not been intimate for almost two months. For sure, Shen Liangchuan couldn’t contain himself anymore. 
Half an hour. This was also exactly what the exhausted Qiao Lian thought. 
Indeed men were scary creatures, beasts turned on only by their lower bodies. 
That one act that would settle all disagreements… They were simply perverts. 
When Shen Liangchuan was finally satisfied, she waved her hand in exhaustion and sat up pouting. “To think there’s a match today! I could claim compensation from getting injured at work.” 
Narrowing his eyes, he replied, “It’s not as though you’re playing the match today.” 
“But I’m training with them tomorrow!” 
Shen Liangchuan asked, “Are you doing this again for me tomorrow?” 
Qiao Lian: …!!
###Chapter 1273: End Game (13) 
This man. He was full of nothing but dirty talk! 
How intolerable! 
She felt her face burning. 
She lowered her head and buried her face in her hands, trying to calm her splitting headache. 
That was too much. 
– 
Time crawled by, and soon it was noon. They finally got out of bed and left the hotel. 
Fortunately the match was in the afternoon. Otherwise, they would never have made it. 
The match started as scheduled. 
CQ played within Group One as assigned. Because all the participants were among the best in the country, the game was no stroll in the park. 
But eventually, they managed to win 2-1. 
The CQ team members whooped in joy. 
However PC Team, on the other hand, was listless and dispirited. 
The match against SX Team yesterday seemed to have crushed their support, Bamboo. 
In the morning’s match, Bamboo bowed out of the game to rest, making way for a new replacement to take over. 
But the new replacement didn’t have as much chemistry with Prince, hence it was a difficult win for them. A few times, they managed to get to the opponent’s nexus, but repeatedly failed in their attacks. 
Qiao Lian watched the matches with a heavy heart. 
Because she was pregnant, she had to make more frequent trips to the restroom. 
During the break, she once again got up to go to the restroom. 
As she was about to enter the ladies’ toilet, she saw another scene at the men’s restroom. 
Bamboo was standing there, looking at King with fury and saying, “You did that on purpose yesterday, didn’t you? I’ve done nothing against you. Why are you making personal attacks on me?” 
King then uttered a string of words in his native tongue. 
The interpreter said, “King says it’s all about your mental strength. A person like you would never have made it to the competition in country H. He says… without you, PC Team can win the match too. Didn’t they just do so? Hence what he said wasn’t wrong. You’re an optional member of PC Team.” 
These shaming words flowed freely from King’s mouth. 
Infuriated, Bamboo got up on his feet and pointed a finger at him, saying, “You’re speaking nonsense!” 
Although his hand didn’t touch King, the latter took a step back and said something in H language in a panicky tone. The interpreter said at once, “King says that you’re using physical force during the competition and he is going to report you! You should know what the punishment is if you’re caught fighting during a competition, right?” 
Bamboo was stunned and retorted, “I- I did not fight. I was merely—” 
“That’s right. Fortunately King dodged in time. Otherwise, you would have hit him.” 
The interpreter spoke loudly so meanwhile, the commotion had caught the attention of passersby, who had gathered to watch. 
Very quickly, the employees arrived and inquired about what had happened. 
King exaggerated and the workers frowned, saying, “According to the rules, this would call for suspension for a season. Bamboo, what’s the matter with you?” 
Bamboo retreated a step and waved his hand back and forth, saying, “I didn’t, I didn’t.” 
King shook his head and put on a helpless expression. He said in halting Chinese, “You… were angry…” 
He meant that Bamboo had flown into a rage because they had targeted him in the game, so he had wanted to beat them up. 
Yesterday’s match and Bamboo’s playing… 
There were already angry comments on the internet, and now that he was being accused of using physical violence against King. Hence people found it convincing enough to believe. 
Qiao Lian looked at Bamboo, who was standing there like a helpless child.
###Chapter 1274: End Game (14) 
His teammates were now focused on the match at the event venue, they couldn’t be by his side at all. 
Qiao Lian suddenly realized that King had probably chosen this as a timely opportunity to create a scene with Bamboo here. 
Prince was a person with clout in Suzhou and besides, if he had partnered with Bamboo for so many years, they had to have a good relationship. If Prince had been here, he would have surely protected Bamboo. 
King wanted to catch Prince off-guard, so that once the decision to suspend Bamboo was made, it would be too late for him to intervene. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes as she looked at these people in front of her. 
She wanted to dash up to them to tell them that Bamboo had had no intention of hitting or fighting with King, but her words would not hold any weight now. 
Because King had already sent someone to retrieve the recording. 
Although the recording did not include audio, it showed how Bamboo had suddenly gotten agitated and taken a step towards King with his hand raised. From that angle, it did look like he had been about to make a physical attack. 
The workers immediately assessed that Bamboo had indeed been instigating a fight and, accordingly, reported this matter. 
In the meantime, the current match that Prince’s team was playing in was extremely concerning. It had gone on for more than an hour, with no end in sight. 
Eventually one of the opponent’s players was caught making a very small misstep, so PC Team was able to win the team battle and destroy the opponents. At the same time, they took the opportunity to crush the enemy’s nexus. 
While they were celebrating this success, however, Prince received a notification from the competition management. 
Bamboo had been suspended for a season. 
When the team members learnt of this, they hung their heads, downtrodden and listless at once. 
Of course this incurred Prince’s wrath. He looked for King to dispute the matter. 
King did not dare to get into a direct confrontation with Prince, so he only smiled and said nothing. 
Players were forbidden to get into any sort of scuffles or fights during the competition. No exceptions were made. 
Hence Prince didn’t get anywhere with King, given this sort of reaction. 
Following this, SX Team won yet another match under the King’s leadership. 
King indeed deserved the international top player title he used to hold. As a newly formed fighting team, the coordination among the SX team members was mediocre at best, however under King’s lead, they simply became quite invincible. 
King’s maneuvering skills were extremely fluent, one could say he and Prince were on par. 
As expected, King clinched the Best of the Match Award. e?. cm
Traditionally, the winner of the Best of the Match Award would be interviewed by the media after the event. 
However, Qiao Lian expressed that she had no interest in listening to what this particular Best of the Match Award winner had to say. 
Following the members of CQ Team, Qiao Lian stood to leave. Unfortunately, the moment they got onto their feet, they were swamped by fans. 
Hence they were stuck and could not get out. 
At the same time, the host on stage started to interview King. 
The host asked, “King, you were once awarded the international Best of the Match Award. Is there a difference between the interview then and now?” 
King’s smile was extremely bashful and, because he was good looking, the smile came across authentic and warm. He replied in his native tongue and the interpreter said, “King says he’s very glad. There’s no difference.” 
The host smiled and asked the next question, “Well then, King, before the match, did you think that you would win?” 
King spoke a string of words again, but this time, the interpreter was stunned. 
The host looked at the interpreter, and King also looked at the man with a wide smile on his face.
###Chapter 1275: End Game (15) 
The interpreter wiped away the imaginary droplets that had formed on his forehead and hesitated. Then in a careful and measured tone, he started, “King doesn’t feel that he’s a strong player, but rather that the opponent was too weak. In country H, players like them get hung and whipped.” iｎα. 
This remark created a sudden uproar among the audience. 
Initially, the crowd had been divided in different groups. 
Every group had the fans of a particular competitive team, and the fans would chase after their selected teams with much fervor, just like how Qiao Lian and her team were now surrounded by the team’s fans asking for autographs and selfies. 
But now, everyone in the audience had fallen silent. They had turned simultaneously to look at the person on the stage. 
Because of the great distance between the stage and the audience, they couldn’t see the faces of the people on stage. Hence, everyone was looking at the big screen. 
From the big screen, they could see King’s innocent-looking face. He was staring ahead and had made the remark very calmly, as though it wasn’t a personal attack. 
He looked too decent and sounded too respectful, so everyone at once looked at the interpreter with suspicion in their eyes. Their first thought was that the interpreter had made a mistake. 
The host was visibly stunned as well, given how derogatory the remark was. 
Clearing her throat, she asked again, “What was that you just said?” 
King paused for a moment before saying a string of foreign words. He even covered his mouth with his hand, putting on a panic-stricken expression. 
The interpreter said, “Did I say something wrong? I do apologize. I didn’t know, it wasn’t a personal attack. I just wanted to say that PC, China’s champion last year, is actually a little weak. Obviously there are flaws in their team coordination. In country H, this wouldn’t happen for sure. So that was all I meant.” 
It was amazing how the interpreter had exceptionally interpreted his words. 
Every sentence was a true reflection of the man’s attitude at present. 
The host frowned and said after a moment, “May I ask then, King, why did you even leave your own country to come to China?” 
King contemplated the question for a moment and then answered, “Because I’m getting old and my hands are suffering from previous injuries, hence I had to retire in country H, so I thought of coming to China to further my career.” 
Another great truth that revealed an issue. 
That meant that his playing standards weren’t meeting expectations in country H, and that was the reason he had come to China. 
The host’s expression clouded over immediately and he said, “King, what are your thoughts of China?” 
King smiled and said, “I really like it here. The team members are obedient. In country H, my teammates were too arrogant and they didn’t take my advice.” 
What the man was implying was that his teammates were subservient. 
The SX team members were obviously upset upon hearing this. 
King, on the other hand, didn’t seem to realize the effect of his words and looked completely nonchalant and innocent. 
The host laughed and replied, “I do feel that, King, you should learn the art of speech from the Chinese. In addition, I think you should further examine our eSports industry, you’ll see that it’s not as simple as you think.” 
Having said this, she looked away from the man and shifted her attention to the screen, saying, “Alright, we’ve come to the end of the interview.” 
– 
In the meantime, King’s remarks were already spreading like wildfire on the internet. 
As the news went around, readers started to take sides.
###Chapter 1276: End Game (16) 
One side felt that country H was indeed leading the eSports’ industry internationally and, given that King had been their top player, his arrogance was understandable. 
The other side felt that King was too proud. Those remarks could simply not be taken for real. 
The two sides started to argue. 
[Retard! If he looks down on us Chinese, then he shouldn’t have come here. What does he mean by doing this?] 
[@userabove, you’re the retard! King is only a foreign player. Besides, he’s not wrong. Just look at PC Team, they’ve always been invincible but now they’ve been crushed. Compared to SX Team they are pathetic, aren’t they?! 
[I feel that everyone should think about what King of country H said. There is some truth in it. Look at how badly PC was beaten. Don’t you think that the Chinese eSports industry should reflect on this?] 
[That’s crap. Our country has also won in international championships.] n?.＆nbsp;
[King is a fool, no comments.] 
… 
Sitting in her hotel room and reading all of these comments on the internet, Qiao Lian was so angry that her chest hurt. 
Suddenly, she saw someone had posted a link, along with a message that King was doing a livestream. 
Hence she clicked on it. 
Indeed, King was in the livestream and he was explaining to the audience, “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean it like that. I’m not good with Chinese and I really didn’t think that what I said had other meanings. I only thought to answer the questions asked by the host and that was it. If I’ve caused anyone to misunderstand, I apologize.” 
Immediately, a barrage of comments appeared on the comment screen: 
[Wow, you’re forgiven.] 
[It’s OK, King, we know you didn’t mean it like that, you love us.] 
[Leave. Why should people like you stay in China?] 
Qiao Lian stared at everything that was going on in the livestream and drew in a deep breath, greatly angered. She threw her cell phone onto the coffee table and said, “This King, he shouldn’t be gaming, he should just be an actor. He put on such a great performance! We Chinese are too kind, letting him trick us like that.” 
Shen Liangchuan was working on his computer. He paused when he heard her remark. 
He looked up and glanced at her. Then he walked over and took the cell phone away from her. “Since the news is making you angry, then stop looking at it. Working yourself into a rage is bad during pregnancy.” 
Qiao Lian glared at Shen Liangchuan and said, “Aren’t you angry? This King is so arrogant! He has no regard for us!” 
Qiao Lian was livid and continued, “He hasn’t met our team. If he did…” 
“What if he did?” 
Shen Liangchuan’s question stumped her. 
Indeed, what would happen if he met their team
People who took part in professional competitions were mostly highly-skilled players. At least, there wouldn’t be any big issues in their maneuvering. And in SX Team now, there was a written rule that required all the players to obey King’s instructions during a match. It demanded complete compliance. As a result, the five players behaved like they were one player, so how could they not play well
When CQ Team was formed, all the players they brought in were highly-skilled and expecting the same sort of compliance from them would be almost impossible. 
Hence if CQ were to meet SX in a match, they would probably not win. 
Qiao Lian frowned. 
The fact was that she was anxious because she knew they wouldn’t be able to defeat SX.
###Chapter 1277: End Game (17) 
She wouldn’t be this anxious if they could defeat the other team. 
CQ had to win. They mustn’t be defeated by SX. 
Because her pride of being Chinese did not allow her to be defeated by him. 
As she was working herself into a blind panic, Shen Liangchuan walked over with his computer and said, “As the coach, you should really spend more time analyzing the recordings of their matches. King actually has a very obvious characteristic. When he reaches Level Four, he makes it a point to take the Red Monster. If at that point of time, we can ambush him…” ed. 
Shen Liangchuan’s voice was steady as he continued talking. His words soothed her restlessness and gradually, she calmed down. 
Her gaze fell on Shen Liangchuan’s screen and she watched replays of each match. 
As she did so, he commented, “Any team can be defeated as long as you figure out their weakness and aim your attacks at them. Although the team that King is leading is good, there is an obvious flaw. King is a top player internationally, so his maneuvering is faster than most people’s and it’s hard for them to catch up. Look at this team battle, the people behind him are lagging.” 
“King is rather conceited and he likes to wander around alone in the jungle. But actually if you examine carefully, you’ll realize that these are the few hotspots that he hovers around in the jungle. So after a while, if the team gathers to capture him here, then you can…” 
“…” 
Qiao Lian studied the videos of the matches seriously and listened to Shen Liangchuan’s comments. Finally, she nodded and said, “Even after seeing all of this, it’s hard not to admit that King is indeed an excellent gamer. He deserves the reputation of being the top international player.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and continued, “It’s not easy to defeat him. We should approach this with the right attitude, shouldn’t we
Qiao Lian immediately nodded. 
The two of them put their heads together and spent some time discussing game strategies. 
During dinnertime, when Qiao Lian picked up her cell phone, she saw that another innocent party had been dragged into the drama. 
The host who had interviewed King earlier had suddenly become a target of these nasty comments. 
[I think the host is a retard. King doesn’t mean anything else, but she distorted his intentions and misinterpreted him, causing him to get criticized.] 
[Exactly, the host is so clueless. King is so humble, how could he have made such arrogant remarks? She’s too critical.] 
… 
Qiao Lian: … 
Qiao Lian knew the host. The lady had once been an eSports caster and was quite good at what she did. 
Furthermore, she agreed with the host’s behavior. 
Hence Qiao Lian went to the host’s Weibo and liked her page. 
Very soon, her actions caught the attention of a group of anti-fans. 
She started receiving an overwhelming number of private messages that rebuked her. Someone even remarked that she was supporting the host because she was envious of King’s playing. 
King forwarded her Weibo with a short message: [I’m sorry.] 
The more he did this, the more he gained the fans’ sympathy. 
Looking at the comments on the internet, Qiao Lian swore under her breath, “That two-faced son of a b****!” 
Not wishing to entangle herself with those people, she tossed her cell phone aside and continued watching the match recordings. 
However as she was watching them, she suddenly received a call from their team’s Su Penghao, who was saying, “We’ve lost internet connection in the hotel. We were planning to train tonight. What do we do now?”
###Chapter 1278: End Game (18) 
As they had had to go to Shanghai to join the competition, CQ Team was temporarily staying at a hotel. 
But there was no internet
Were they kidding her
How can you tell a bunch of professional players that there was no internet connection
Qiao Lian immediately called the person in charge. 
But the person in charge in the hotel instantly apologized. “The internet isn’t working, we are currently looking for people to fix it.” 
“Then when can you fix it?” 
“Erm, we are not sure.” 
Qiao Lian was so angry she wanted to slam her phone. She asked, “What kind of attitude does your hotel have? Do you know that we really need internet? You—” 
“I’m really sorry, really really sorry. Internet issues don’t normally happen. We have already looked for many people to fix the breakdown, but we still haven’t found the reason. Miss, really sorry, really really sorry.” 
Qiao Lian didn’t bear to further make things tough for them, seeing how polite the staff were. 
But the team still had to practice. 
Lastly, Qiao Lian decided, “There’s a big internet cafe beside the hotel. Let’s go and book a room for the night!” 
When she said so, the small team was stunned, but they all nodded in agreement after that. 
Booking a room in an internet cafe for the night was a thing that people did in university. Now their group was sitting in the internet cafe and, as they looked at the snacks and drinks they had bought, they couldn’t really get used to it. 
Qiao Lian had booked a private room for them, so everyone tried the internet quality of the place. 
Since it was an internet cafe, the internet was indeed really smooth. 
Thus, Su Penghao led them and started gaming and training. 
Watching them starting their training, Qiao Lian heaved a sigh of relief and slowly walked out. 
When she reached the door, she coincidentally saw that Shen Liangchuan, who had just finished working for the company, was coming to fetch her back to the hotel. 
As Qiao Lian was pregnant, it wasn’t advisable that she stayed up. 
Thus they had already agreed previously that, after finding a solution with Su Penghao, she would go home to rest. 
Shen Liangchuan was wearing a mask and sunglasses, covering himself up really well. No one could recognize who he was. 
Furthermore, no one would have thought that Best Actor Shen would go to an internet cafe alone. 
No one bothered about them. 
Just when Qiao Lian was about to walk out, she suddenly heard a voice asking, “Who knows how to play Lot?!” 
Qiao Lian stopped in her tracks and turned around to look in confusion. 
She was met with the sight of a guy in his twenties. He stood up and said, “Damn it, I’m so angry. A dude from country H has come to show off. He said that we Chinese wouldn’t be able to beat them! Seeing how badly Team PC lost, everyone can tell the great difference in abilities. They really agree with what King said, but I refuse to submit. I have asked them to compete, so the one who wins two out of three matches will be the definite winner. If we win, he has to apologize publicly and admit that we are powerful.” 
After he said so, someone spoke, “What’s his rank?” 
The guy took a glance and said, “I saw the people he’s brought were all in diamond rank. We are already at master rank, how could we not beat them?” 
“Come, let’s form a team!” 
They were a bunch of youngsters who were from a university next door. Thus, it wasn’t strange that they got agitated and high-spirited. 
Qiao Lian sighed after seeing the positive energy that radiated from them. She smiled but did not bother too much. However, just after she had taken two steps forward, she heard a student say, “This guy named Pad is so proud. He immediately said that we will surrender in ten minutes after starting. My ass.”
###Chapter 1279: End Game (19) 
When Qiao Lian heard this name, her pupils shrank back at once. 
She turned around and looked at the group of student competitors. Then she walked up to them and said, “What did you say was the name of the person who was playing against you?” 
One of them looked up. When he saw that it was a very pretty girl asking him the question, he happily replied, “They’re a group of players from country H, called Pad, Aid, Pit and also there was one called…” 
When Qiao Lian heard this combination of names, her pupils shrank. Her head snapped up immediately to look straight at Shen Liangchuan. 
These nicknames were too familiar. 
Clearly, these people were the same team from country H that they had played against in high school. 
At the time, she and Shen Liangchuan had taken part in a team competition. 
Their team had well-deservingly clinched the top place. 
However, the runners-up weren’t convinced of their loss and turned provocative. 
Qiao Lian’s team was subject to some very nasty treatment by the team from country H, but eventually they discovered that the latter team had actually used professional players during the match. 
There was a member in Qiao Lian’s team who knew someone from that team, so he had inquired into that matter. 
Finally, the person from that team had revealed, “Our team was bought over by someone in country H, so many of us are not in control of our own accounts. Many of us have left the team.” 
Hence, the few players who had taken part in the competition had not even been part of the original team. 
They were professional gamers in country H. 
And the player with the handle Pad was none other than King himself. 
What was he trying to do
He had done nasty things to PC Team in the competition, and he had made nasty remarks about Chinese professional teams in general. Now he was about to further glorify himself at the expense of these students
At this thought, Qiao Lian frowned and walked over to take a look. Then she realized that among the college students, there was one who happened to be a well-known eSports caster. 
This caster had more than a million fans who followed his livestream. 
If in such a livestream King led his team to crush these students, then it would just reinforce the talks of the Chinese players being inferior to the players of country H. 
Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes. 
Why was King trying to cause trouble everywhere?! 
This was simply despicable- 
In the meantime, these students had no clue, thinking that the people they were up against were diamond level players from country H. They were completely unaware of whom they were facing. 
Qiao Lian frowned and said immediately, “You can’t play this match!” 
One of the students immediately looked up when he heard this and asked, “Why?” 
Qiao Lian wanted to tell them that Pad was in fact King, but who would believe her
For a moment, she fell silent. Then one of the students spoke up, “I hope you’re not thinking that we will lose? You underestimate us! We’ve been playing Lot for many years, beating fresh diamond players wouldn’t be a problem for us.” 
“That’s right. Besides, this has to do with pride. If we bow out before even playing, it would be so embarassing.” nn. 
“Indeed. This match has to be played, and it has to be played beautifully for the sake of our nation!” 
“Yes, to make our nation proud!” 
This group of second-year students was completely unaware that they had walked right into the lion’s lair. They went ahead, driven by their passion and enthusiasm. 
“Everyone, stay alert, the game is starting. Let’s all do our best!” 
With these words, the match began.
###Chapter 1280: End Game (20) 
There was a group of college students from a neighboring university in the internet cafe. When they heard this, they crowded around the screens at once to watch the match. 
The team did a warm-up and prepared to show off. 
Qiao Lian looked at them and sighed softly. 
At this point, Shen Liangchuan approached her and, in a low voice, asked her, “What’s going on?” 
Qiao Lian told him what was happening. 
His expression darkened. 
After a moment, he smiled icily and stood behind the players. He told her, “They will not go all out for sure in this match. So we can watch and get an idea of how strong these players are.” 
Sighing, Qiao Lian said, “I don’t think these students will be able to push the opponent to play at their true level.” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes at those words and replied, “Let’s watch.” 
Qiao Lian started to speak, but then fell silent again. Shen Liangchuan asked, “What’s the matter?” 
In a low voice, she said, “Because of King’s remarks, the eSports circle is now paying close attention. If country H wins this game, I fear it will affect everyone’s morale.” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes at those words. 
Then he cast his gaze down. 
Qiao Lian continued in anguish, “I know that country H is indeed setting the standard in the eSports world, but I can’t stand their derisive attitude towards us. ESports was only officially recognized as a sport recently. Until then, our country had never recognized it as a sport and it was misunderstood by people. It has been only a few years and we’ve already developed teams that play at such a high standard. So what are these people so overly arrogant about
These young people were on fire and full of vigor, just like how they themselves had been provoked by the country H players into starting an eSports’ team club years ago, to bring glory to their own nation. 
As Qiao Lian said these words, the match began. 
She fell silent immediately and stood behind one of the players, anxiously watching the match’s progress. 
The group of college students clearly had from average to high-level players, and they were adequately skilled in maneuvering. But their level was far from professional. 
Typically, the game would start with the players developing their power by farming minions. 
Hence five of the players went to their own lanes, and the jungler went to hunt in the jungle to develop his champion. 
While the mid player was killing minions, he suddenly heard a cry, “Damn!” 
Then he saw on the map that four enemies had appeared in their own jungle. 
And then… 
“Freaking hell!” 
The jungler was killed, blood was spilled. 
Seeing that the situation was not quite right, the mid player ran in that direction. Just as he did so, Qiao Lian shouted the order, “Come back here quickly!” 
When the mid players heard her voice, he turned around straightaway to look at Qiao Lian. 
In that one moment of distraction, the screen displayed something and they heard, “Slayed.” 
It was the top players being killed for dashing over to provide support. 
After he was killed, the player immediately berated him, “Mid lane, what are you doing? Didn’t you see us? You should’ve come over to support us!” 
The mid player scratched his head after being scolded and then glanced at Qiao Lian, saying, “Just watch the match. Do you have to make comments?” 
Qiao Lian frowned. 
The mid player said, “This lady behind me was shouting for me to come back and I got a fright. Wasn’t I just about to rush over?” 
Someone else who was watching the match spoke up, “She was shouting for you not to go over, that was not wrong. Didn’t you see that although the opponent didn’t have a lot of hp, he was at Level 2? Going up against him would have only killed you.”
###Chapter 1281: End Game (21) 
The top player got angry and retorted, “What do you know? Two of the opponents were really low on HP! If you had gone, it wouldn’t have taken a whole lot to kill them. One life for two, it’s completely worth it.” 
The other party fell silent. 
Qiao Lian couldn’t stop herself from adding, “Indeed, the two opponents were very low on HP, but you wouldn’t have been able to make it to them alive from this angle. You’d have been killed before you got to them.” 
“That would be yourself you’re talking about. If you’re good at playing, how could you possibly not kill them?” 
The top player was still fuming as he looked at the mid player. He said, “Would you stop listening to this lady chatting in the background? This is not an ordinary match. It concerns our national pride. We can only win, we must not lose.” 
The mid player nodded and said, “Fine, fine, fine. Let’s get on with it. Don’t waste time talking.” 
He couldn’t help throwing a glance at Qiao Lian. 
Even though she was a very pretty girl and he couldn’t bring himself to berate her, he did hesitate for a moment before giving her a reminder, “Just watch and don’t speak, my fellow student. I’m begging you, just don’t say another word.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She fell silent. 
The moment they started, they lost two players and the enemy grew stronger. They immediately looked like they were going to be crushed. 
So the team had no option but to cower under the turret and level up at snail’s pace. 
Qiao Lian became anxious as she watched this. 
She couldn’t help but sigh and look at the two players on bot lane. 
Lot was a game in which the players had to destroy turrets. 
There were three areas where the characters moved within—top lane, mid lane and bot lane—and then there were the wanderer and jungler positions. 
The bot lane was typically used by the support and the adc[1]. 
The two of them were feeling anxious. . m
Having lost two players, they were now in a disadvantaged position. Hence, they wanted to restore the situation through the bottom lane. 
Suddenly seeing an opponent reveal himself, the adc immediately ordered, “Support, go after him!” 
Immediately, Qiao Lian knew they were going to be done for. 
She hurriedly stepped forward and was going to say something when Shen Liangchuan grabbed her by her wrist. 
She turned around. Shen Liangchuan shook his head at her. But still Qiao Lian couldn’t help yelling, “Don’t go!” 
In that moment of hesitation, the support and the adc were caught and two players suddenly emerged from the bushes. They immediately captured the bot lane players. 
Both slayed! 
Not even five minutes into the game, and the death toll was already 0-4. 
The student team was rather heated up as they played, their tempers flared. 
“What’s happening? How are we going to play like this? These guys are going around capturing people everywhere. What are they? Wetards?!” 
“Don’t get anxious. This is about destroying their turret, let’s destroy it.” 
“Destroy it, my foot! We’d still end up a team battle. We keep getting captured. This will stop us from leveling up and we’ll all be killed.” 
They are taking advantage of the fact that they have more players and are attacking us individually. Don’t worry, when we do come up against a weak single player, we’ll make a comeback. Don’t forget, they are all diamond players, we’re kings!” 
The rest of them calmed down at once. 
Indeed, the opponents were only diamond players. So they had captured a few people, what was the big deal?! 
Following this, they were a lot more cautious. 
For a while, no one got killed. 
Shortly, one of the players suddenly came up against an opponent. 
He anxiously shouted, “Can anyone ambush him?” 
The teammates replied, “No, I’m up against two.” 
“I’m up against one!” 
“Damn! Anyway, he only has half of his HP and I’m full. We may finally see a breakthrough!” 
Having said that, he charged ahead. 
Full HP against half HP. It should have been a sure win. 
But the opponent was too skillful. He dodged the attack with a few moves and then… turned around and slayed the student. 
[1] adc: Attack Damage Carry
###Chapter 1282: End Game (22) 
“Shucks! What happened?” 
“What’s the matter with you? You had full HP and the opponent only had half of the HP, and he killed you?” 
“Am I seeing things?” 
“Damn it! This is inconceivable.” 
“Have you not had anything to eat? You’re playing such a lousy game.” 
The guy who was slayed was still in a daze. He looked up blankly at the opponent’s champion and said after a moment, “Why do I have the nagging feeling that our opponents are not diamond players?” 
“You’re getting all paranoid when you’re the one at fault. Didn’t you see their ranks?” 
“Well then, could it be that these guys from country H are really much better than us?” 
Everyone fell silent at that remark. 
From the start of the game, when their team was suppressed, right up till now, none of them had really thought about this. 
It was obvious to the onlookers and the players themselves that it was a very tough fight for this team. 
The players could feel it themselves, without needing anyone to point it out to them. 
The internet cafe had fallen silent. 
Words were flashing across the screens. It was a message from the enemy team: 
[Pad: Trash!] 
[Pad: China, masters. Country H, diamonds.] 
The insult was as clear as day. 
It provoked everyone in the internet cafe. Someone spoke, “It’s us who were not up to par. What has it got to do with the rest of the nation?” 
At once, the students’ eyes reddened. They looked at the taunting words on the screen, suddenly feeling the weight of the load on their young shoulders. 
If they lost the game, everyone in the country would doubt them and blame them. 
Qiao Lian observed that the mid player’s hand was beginning to tremble. 
She spoke in a steady voice, “Don’t panic. Play, you can win.” 
The mid player lowered his head and said after a moment, “But I’m not good at this.” 
Qiao Lian took in a deep breath and said slowly, “You have to steady yourself, kill the minions and level up. There are opportunities to capture the opponents, you still can win. Don’t panic.” 
The mid player looked up with his bloodshot eyes and said, “I know the theory too, but how am I going to continue playing? You play if you’re so smart!” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She looked at the mid player and noted that he had quite fallen apart from the losing. 
King was too vicious. 
If they had just been playing a friendly match, perhaps they wouldn’t be facing such great pressure. 
But King had insisted on playing this match publicly. 
Obviously they had lied, pretending to be diamond players going against master players. 
Qiao Lian stared at the screen and after a moment said, “Fine. Get up, I’ll play!” 
The people in the internet cafe were stunned into silence. 
Everyone turned simultaneously to look at her with an expression that clearly said, “You must be nuts.” 
She looked back at them, the muscles around her eyes tensing up. She knew right away that they were doubting her ability. 
She was about to speak up when the mid player said, “Forget it, let’s continue.” 
But even as he said this, his hands were shaking. He was clearly nervous. 
After all, they were only undergraduates and they had never been really exposed to the world. 
The fact was that they knew they weren’t going to win even before they finished the fight. 
But if they lost, would they be despised by everyone
As they were contemplating the situation, Shen Liangchuan stepped forward and said calmly, “Let her take over.” 
Everyone fell silent once more. 
“Stop joking around.” 
“She’s just a girl.” 
Although Shen Liangchuan was wearing his mask, his eyes were sharp and piercing. He looked around the room and said calmly once more, “Let her take over.”
###Chapter 1283: End Game (23) 
Everyone frowned. 
“You must be kidding.” 
Shen Liangchuan continued gently, “Well, do you guys think that he’s in good shape to continue?” 
They turned to look at the mid player. 
His arms were shaking. 
Shen Liangchuan said, “So let her play, get out of the way.” 
Shen Liangchuan had an intimidating magnetism, so people were naturally awed by him. 
The students gulped. 
An unconvinced member stood up and said, “Who are you and why should we get out of the way just because you say so? Why should we trust you?” 
The man frowned. 
“Exactly. Why should we trust you?” 
“You wear a mask and a baseball cap, you don’t even dare show your face, who are you?! What right do you have to be saying such things here?!” 
Qiao Lian frowned when she heard these words. 
She stepped up and was going to say something, when Shen Liangchuan suddenly reached out to hold her back by her hand. 
She turned around. He paused before he raised his hand and took his cap off. 
She was flabbergasted. 
She panicked and tried to stop him. “Hey!” 
He was going to create a big commotion if he revealed his identity here. 
This Shen Liangchuan, was he planning on getting trapped in this internet cafe
But before she could truly stop him, he had already removed his mask. 
Now he was standing there in the flesh, without his disguise. 
Qiao Lian wondered if it was her imagination. 
The internet cafe had been dark at first, as it had to be for gaming purposes. 
But the moment Shen Liangchuan removed his mask, it felt as though sunlight had flooded into the room, chasing away some of that darkness. 
Everyone in the internet cafe was stunned at once. 
They stared at him in a daze. 
After a moment, someone who had turned ashen in shock exclaimed, “Best- Best Actor Shen?!” 
“Oh my god!” 
“Am I seeing things!?” 
“My eyes are playing tricks!” 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help but sigh as she heard these comments. 
Shen Liangchuan then raised his hand in a gesture to silence them. “Shhhh.” 
Everyone quietened down at once. 
He was the focus of all attention in the room now. 
He went up to the mid player and said calmly, “Get up and let her play.” 
The player no longer protested and stood up immediately. Qiao Lian took his seat as he did so. 
Shen Liangchuan swept his gaze around the room impassively and said, “I hope all of you can keep this to yourself.” 
Everyone shut their gaping mouths at once. Someone expressed, “Best Actor Shen, don’t- don’t you worry, I won’t say anything!” 
Everyone nodded in agreement. 
The man took two steps forward, went up to the bot lane’s adc and said to him, “Let me take over here.” 
The adc was a high-skilled player, but he automatically stood up and handed it over to Shen Liangchuan, who was standing before him. 
By the time everyone got over their daze, Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan were already infront of the computer. 
Everyone watched speechlessly. 
Every single person in the internet cafe had gathered around now. 
Talking among themselves, they stood behind the players and the computers, watching. 
Someone blurted out, “Are we going to lose this game, having Best Actor Shen and some woman play? You’re just going to let them do this?” 
The mid replied, “I- I have no idea what happened either. When Best Actor Shen spoke, I went into a daze and just did as he said.”
###Chapter 1284: End Game (24) 
The adc player nodded in agreement and said, “Exactly, what was wrong with me?” 
They exchanged a look and then fell silent. After a moment, one of them said, “Since we are going to lose this game anyway, and we had a bad start, we’ll just let them play. We’ll do a proper job in the next match.” 
Everyone nodded simultaneously. 
Some of them talked softly among themselves. 
“So Best Actor Shen knows how to play Lot games!” 
“But didn’t he hate playing video games in the past?” 
“I remember that once some celebrities organized a gaming tournament, but Best Actor Shen declined participating without thinking twice.” 
“So what’s Best Actor Shen doing now?” 
As everyone puzzled over this, Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan were already starting their match. 
The opponent’s mid player and another player were immediately after Qiao Lian. 
She hid under the tower and did not come out. Then the enemy’s players could not wait, so they climbed over the tower in an attempt to slay her. 
It was too late for her to retreat, so she might as well charge forward. With a series of highly-complex maneuvers and agile moves, she managed to dodge the opponent’s numerous attacks. Eventually she succumbed, but in the course of it she killed an enemy. 
Finally! 
That was the first kill of the day for this team. 
The people watching saw how quickly her hands were moving over the keyboard. The speed of those movements was dazzling. Only a mere few seconds had passed in the game, but those hands had performed a long series of maneuvers in fact. 
Eventually, Qiao Lian died together with the opponent, but the people watching cheered her, “Great moves!” 
She had managed to kill an opponent player even when surrounded by enemies. For sure, these were the sort of exemplary moves one would see in textbooks. 
Her retaliation, at the same time, finally brought a semblance of hope back to the people. 
However, in no time, this bit of hope was dashed. 
Because their two players in the top lane had been captured by four enemies, and both players were slayed. 
Qiao Lian: … 
She looked at the gap between the two sides and sighed, saying, “This match is going to be a tough game.” 
Because earlier on in the game the team had suffered too much loss, the enemies had managed to level up. 
Their opponents were equipped to completely crush them. 
The result was that now, the enemies could kill whoever they wanted. 
There was no way to stop them. 
When Shen Liangchuan heard what she said, he contemplated it in silence for a moment and then said, “Stay calm, give me some time to level up.” 
They were suffering badly in the top and bot lanes now. 
The adc player on bot lane had no chance to level up at all. 
Hence at this point, Shen Liangchuan did not join the group. 
Qiao Lian nodded at his words. 
After she had recharged fully, she continued along mid lane. 
At this point, from a particular angle, she spotted four enemies among the foliage of the mid lane. 
Immediately, she narrowed her eyes and she said, “There are four enemies here!” 
When the rest of the team heard this, they immediately exclaimed, “Let’s fight them!” 
Shen Liangchuan instructed the support that was protecting him, “Go over and help out there.” 
But he stood there and moved slowly. 
The support arrived at the mid lane. 
Qiao Lian analyzed the situation. It was four against four, for sure. They wouldn’t be able to win the battle. e?. 
The only thing they could do now was to buy time so that Shen Liangchuan could level up. If that happened, then he would be able to cause grave damage. 
Hence Qiao Lian narrowed her eyes and fixed her gaze on the middle lane, saying, “Listen to my instructions from now.” 
The three other players had already been convinced by her performance, hence they nodded. 
She started, “Support, take a step forward and show your presence.” 
The support did as he was told. 
“Come back now!” 
The support could not keep up with her instructions and immediately fell under the enemy’s control.
###Chapter 1285: End Game (25) 
“Everyone come back here!” 
Unfortunately, the other two players could hardly react in time and they dashed ahead instead. 
Seeing this was the situation, Qiao Lian sighed. She didn’t have a choice but to just grit her teeth and move along with the rest. 
A team battle began and they all prepared to strike. 
This was a fight that called for the repeated use of the Displacement Spell that Qiao Lian had. 
She charged right into the thick of action, first causing an initial wave of damage. Just as her team members were almost out of HP, she killed one of the opponents. 
Then she quickly retreated from the battle. She did not return to base, but instead charged towards the enemy’s jungle. 
She was only left with few HP. When the opponents saw this, they were tempted to slay her. 
Hence, the four enemies that were still alive dashed towards her. 
Using her Displacement Spell, she dodged them, roaming freely all over the enemy’s territory. 
Behind her, people were already calling out, “Come back! Come back here quickly!” 
“Ahhhh, use your skill to walk through the wall and dodge!” 
“Ahhhh, you’ve just dodged them. Why did you go back again?!” 
Qiao Lian was like a nervous runaway child. She had deployed what seemed like the wrong skill, and the opponents had closed in the distance between them. 
Given this, the four opponents, who had just been about to give up chasing her, decided to capture her again. 
She took them on a wild goose chase around their jungle. 
She had managed to charge up a little of her HP, so now the opponents who had been chasing her had gotten a little tired of it. 
Very clearly, they looked like they were about to give up once again. 
At this point, Qiao Lian suddenly appeared to have developed a boost of arrogance. She charged straight at them, throwing her attacks at the enemy with the least HP. 
However, it appeared as though she had made an error in judgment. Not only did she not kill the opponent, but she was now left with very few HP. 
She continued running. 
And the four of them continued chasing! .＆nbsp;com
Finally, by the river on the top lane, she was captured. With one stroke, she was slayed. 
Qiao Lian let go of the mouse and exercised her wrist. At this point, the onlookers behind lashed out at her. 
“You obviously could get away, why did you return?!” 
“Exactly, you could have escaped the very first time. If it hadn’t been for your unsuccessful attempt at walking through the wall, you could have returned to base.” 
“That was an error in judgment. You weren’t as good as them and yet you went to provoke them.” 
“Exactly, your teammates have fully recharged, and you could have had a team battle, but now you’ve died and it’s four against five once more. Sigh!” 
Everyone was berating her, but Qiao Lian did not say a word. She just waited to be resurrected. 
Then someone in the crowd said, “Stop speaking nonsense, you people don’t know anything.” 
At these words, everyone turned around simultaneously to look at the student who had initially been the mid player. Looking at Qiao Lian with sparkling eyes, he said, “That life and death chase was amazingly well played!” 
“Clearly, she could have gotten away. How could it be amazingly well played?” 
The mid player said, “Have all of you not noticed that every time she was close to dying, she was still able to get away?” 
“But in the end she still died!” 
“That was because the four enemies came to ambush her. Besides, her blue bar had run out!” 
The blue bar was something that supported the technical abilities of the champion. The mid player required a blue bar, without which the player would not have any attacks to use. 
Everyone frowned. They still did not understand. 
The mid shook his head and continued, “Look at Best Actor Shen!” 
Everyone looked in his direction blankly. That was when they realized. 
Qiao Lian had led the opponents on a chase for a whole minute and a half!
###Chapter 1286: End Game (26) 
In those 90 seconds, Shen Liangchuan had devoured the bot lane’s minions, the mid lane’s minions and the top lane’s minions. 
Consequently, his basic equipment had undergone massive development. 
In other words, he could now take part in a group battle. 
He was the team’s adc player and, as long as he was able to level up his build, then they would have fighting power. 
As this thought surfaced, their team members avoided direct confrontations under the lead of Shen Liangchuan. 
This kept going until they were pushed right back to their nexus, but Qiao Lian was fully recharged. 
Five vs five. This was the final showdown. 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes and instructed, “From now on, everyone be cautious and on the alert.” 
Then he called out, “Xiao Qiao, charge!” 
With this instruction, Shen Liangchuan suddenly threw a stun spell. 
Without a hint of warning, Qiao Lian charged into the midst of the opponents and, in a flash, killed the opponent’s adc player. 
At the same time, she disappeared. 
In other words, she had made herself an assassin, exchanging her life for the opponent’s adc player. 
Without the adc, the enemies started to get confused and to retreat. 
And in this moment, Shen Liangchuan moved in. 
In a stylishly taunting formation, he charged into the enemy’s troops, at once deploying his ultimate attack and madly attacking like an adc. 
The other teammates dashed up to protect him. 
They lasted up until the end, when he was left with only a little HP, but he had completely trashed the enemy’s men. 
Roar. 
Everyone in the internet cafe gasped in surprise. 
Who could have imagined that the ending would turn out like this?! 
Shen Liangchuan’s team, including himself, had three men left standing. 
The three of them followed down the mid lane and attacked the opponent’s nexus before they could resurrect. They won the match! 
When the victory message appeared on the screen, the internet cafe was set off at once. 
Everyone crowded around and looked at Shen Liangchuan with stars in their eyes. “Best Actor Shen, what you just did was too awesome!” 
“Hahaha, this was definitely the best turn of events I’ve ever seen.” 
“Way awesome!” 
Amidst all the compliments, the second match began. 
As it did so, a message appeared on the screen: 
[Now we will start playing seriously.] 
Everyone in the internet cafe was stunned when they saw this. 
The enemies had been playing a very precise game, but they were saying that they hadn’t been playing seriously
Then what would it be like if they played seriously? How terrifying was it going to be
At once, the crowd fell silent. 
Having read that message, Qiao Lian laughed icily and typed a reply: 
[Well then, we’ll have to start being serious too.] 
Everyone: …!! 
She stretched her hands and exercised her shoulders and wrists. She glanced over at Shen Liangchuan. Then their eyes met across the seat between them, and they exchanged a smile. 
The second round of the match began. 
No matter what, the enemy had once been professional gamer. Even though he had retired for years, he was still a very strong player. 
Hence the second match was extremely tough. 
Shen Liangchuan, who was on the bot lane, was repeatedly targeted. Very often, three or four men would go after him. 
The game had barely started, but he had already been killed twice by opponents entering the turret. 
However, the man kept pace and he kept playing steadily.
###Chapter 1287: End Game (27) 
Under his influence, his teammates also calmed down and played steadily. 
Although the other three team members weren’t able to keep up with the maneuvering, they were taking instructions well. 
Shen Liangchuan directed as he played. 
And even though it had been a tough game, they met with victory. 
When the victory sign appeared on the screen, the whole of the internet cafe was bubbling with excitement. 
Everyone looked at Shen Liangchuan excitedly as they cheered. 
Because the game was being livestreamed, though the person didn’t really understand what had happened, the news that they had defeated country H spread like wildfire on the internet. 
[Who said that China was weak at eSports? Give yourselves a hard slap!] 
The post became a trending topic in no time. 
But just as quickly, the opponent team retaliated: 
[Chinese master players defeated diamond players. What’s there to be proud of? If you’re so capable, see you at the national tournament. We’ll show you what our master players can do!] 
Qiao Lian was livid. 
King was shameless indeed. 
Promoting himself like that. 
She shook her head and was tempted to spill the beans about the fact that Pad was in fact King. But she knew no one would believe her. 
She could only shake her head and let it go. 
In the meantime, the internet cafe was now packed to the brim with people. 
Song Cheng dashed in with security officers and separated Shen Liangchuan from the students. 
Protecting Qiao Lian, Shen Liangchuan was about to leave when he halted his steps and turned around to look at the people in the cafe. Then he smiled and said, “What happened here is a secret between us, right?” 
Everyone was stunned by those words for a moment. Someone immediately replied, “Best Actor Shen, don’t worry! We won’t say a word of what happened today.” 
“Exactly. We won’t tell anyone else!” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and said, “Thanks, guys.” 
Without another word, he left with Qiao Lian. 
After they had gone… 
There was first a silence in the cafe. 
After a moment, a male voice spoke, “My girlfriend used to be crazy about him. I was indignant and felt that he was just a pretty face. But today I’ve suddenly become a fan. Oh no, what do I do now? I think I’m crazy over him too!” 
“It’s useless to be crazy over him, Best Actor Shen no longer acts.” 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan did not hear all of these exclamations. 
They had left the cafe, gotten into their van and were heading back to the hotel. 
Qiao Lian was silent throughout the ride. 
They went back up to their room upon arriving. 
Shen Liangchuan showered and, as he walked out of the bathroom, he saw Qiao Lian with her head lowered, looking dispirited and listless. 
He walked towards her and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
She sighed and started, “Obviously, these players from country H are no easy pushovers. The only reason we won today was because they didn’t know who they were up against. They were right, they weren’t playing seriously. By the time they realized it, we had already defeated them. But as you saw, even though they were defeated, they are very resilient.” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned as he heard this and asked, “And so?” 
“And so, they will surely make a serious effort during the match. And at that point, I can’t be confident we’ll win.” 
Frowning even more deeply now, Shen Liangchuan continued, “So?” 
Staring at him intently, she suddenly replied after a short pause, “So I need you, Zi Chuan.”
###Chapter 1288: End Game (28) 
After saying these words, she glanced at him nervously. 
She knew that he had avoided this game like plague after Soul Fighter’s death. 
But this was also their dream and passion. 
He had never shown any interest in being a part of this. 
Except when she could no longer go on because of her hand. He had gone on stage to help her. 
However, this time… 
King was coming at them aggressively with his team. 
It was obvious from the game yesterday that King had not given his best. But even then, it had been a really tough fight for her. 
Without Shen Liangchuan, she could not guarantee a win for CQ. 
She wanted him to come on board, but at the same time she didn’t want to force him. Hence, she had not said a word in all this time. 
But now, she wondered if he would agree. 
She looked at him steadily. After a moment, he suddenly got onto his feet and started to change out of his clothes. 
Her heart sank at once. 
It had always been like this. When he was unhappy, he would change and leave. He would leave her alone in the villa, staring blankly and wondering what she had done wrong. 
Was he unhappy now
Was he annoyed at Soul Fighter’s matter again
Ultimately, could he not leave the matter behind him and just be together with her
She hung her head as these thoughts crossed her mind. 
She could not force him. After all, it was she who had left the club at the time, causing Soul Fighter’s accident and death. 
So what right did she have to ask Shen Liangchuan to leave these things behind him and fight hand-in-hand with her
She bit her lip. Because she was pregnant, she was exceptionally emotional. 
Hence, she was exceptionally saddened by his silent rejection. Biting her lip, her eyes turned bloodshot. 
Then she saw Shen Liangchuan walk towards the door. 
She wondered if she should try and stop him, if she should have a chat with him. At this point, he spoke, “Are you coming?” 
Qiao Lian: ?
She looked up, turned around and stared at him in great surprise. “What?” 
He looked at her teary eyes helplessly and said with some hesitation, “Are you not coming with me?” 
She asked, “Going out for…?” 
“Shopping.” 
She was stunned by his words. 
Shopping for what exactly
It was late, what did he want to buy
The next moment, his deep and attractive voice continued, “Didn’t you say you need me? Don’t be petty, you can at least buy me a keyboard and a mouse?” 
Qiao Lian looked up as soon as she heard these words and stared at him with an expression of disbelief. 
This would mean… he meant… 
He agreed?! 
She got to her feet in a flash. 
Shen Liangchuan was shocked by her sudden movement. 
He quickly walked over, embraced her and said, “You’re pregnant, don’t make sudden forceful movements like that.” 
But the next moment, Qiao Lian had circled her arms around his waist. iα.＆nbsp;c?
She buried her face in his chest and held him tightly. 
He lowered his gaze, looking at the top of her head. 
Her silky smooth hair brushed against his face, causing a ticklish sensation. 
He smiled faintly as he heard her say, “Zi Chuan, you’re the best!” 
He burst out laughing helplessly. 
She looked up at him with a red nose, her bloodshot eyes were misty but lit up. Then she said a little shyly, “Let’s go, Zi Chuan. I’ll buy you the best keyboard and mouse with the club’s budget.”
###Chapter 1289: End Game (29) 
They browsed around in the mall. 
Qiao Lian not only bought Shen Liangchuan a set of the equipment, but she got one for herself as well. She sweetly named their new matching items, “These are the loving couple’s equipment.” 
Shen Liangchuan said, “… Don’t you already have your own?” 
She replied, “But I want to have the same as you.” 
“Doing this is just misusing the club’s funds.” 
Qiao Lian smiled immediately and put her arms around his, saying, “Which is why I’m not using the club’s funds for mine. Hubby, why don’t you buy them for me?” 
The shop attendant couldn’t help but giggle at the couple’s banter. 
Shen Liangchuan pulled a straight face and looked at that silly woman that was his wife. Then he reached out and tapped her nose lightly. 
They were such a lovey-dovey pair that any singleton seeing this would have been tortured to death. 
After paying for the items, they walked out of the shop. 
They headed down to the shopping mall’s parking. When the elevator door opened, they stepped out and walked straight ahead. 
After taking a couple of steps, Qiao Lian suddenly halted and asked Shen Liangchuan, “Did you hear that?” 
He frowned in concentration, pricking up his ears. He shook his head. 
Puzzled, she replied, “Well that must have been my imagination.” 
They continued walking. 
After another couple of steps, she halted again and said, “There’s really that sound again!” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
The two fell silent for a moment, Shen Liangchuan finally heard the faint sound of breathing and someone gasping for breath. 
In the quiet and dim underground parking, it was a little unnerving. 
Qiao Lian unconsciously tightened her grip around his arm and shouted, “Who’s there?” 
Silence. 
She looked at Shen Liangchuan, her eyes filled with fear. “Shen Liangchuan, it’s not a ghost, is it? Why am I getting goosebumps!?” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at her, cast his gaze down and said, “I didn’t used to believe in ghosts and spirits.” 
Her eyes widened at his words and she asked, “And now?” 
“Now I just feel that the Chinese civilization is broad and profound, fortune telling has its logic. A person’s fortune can be changed.” 
“What does all of that mean?” 
“It means that there are indeed no ghosts in the world, but there are things that science cannot explain.” 
With that, Qiao Lian started to inch closer to Shen Liangchuan. Now she was almost leaning on him completely. 
When Shen Liangchuan saw how frightened she was, he couldn’t help but purse his lips and smile faintly. 
Then he suddenly pointed at a spot not too far away and said, “Quick, look, what’s that?” 
Qiao Lian looked in the direction he was pointing and, right at this point, a hand slapped her on the back. 
She gave a sharp shriek in fright. 
At once, Shen Liangchuan burst out laughing. 
Qiao Lian: … 
She glared at Shen Liangchuan and cried, “You did that on purpose!” 
He reached out and put his arms around her shoulders, adding, “You’ve always been quite bold, how is it you’re bothered by such things?” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
This man was simply too despicable. 
But his behavior oddly reminded her of the Zi Chuan she had known many years ago. 
When they used to play video games together, he had been like this too. He would frequently bully her and sometimes indirectly rebuke her. 
Whenever she played Xiao Qiao poorly and the enemy also happened to have someone playing a Xiao Qiao, he would say on the microphone, “Tsk tsk, other people’s Xiao Qiao and my Xiao Qiao…” 
Even now, when she thought of the tone in which he had said this, it infuriated her. 
She lowered her head and giggled as she continued walking to their car with him. 
When they were about to get into the car, Qiao Lian suddenly halted once more. She looked at Shen Liangchuan and said, “Shen Liangchuan, there’s really somebody here.”
###Chapter 1290: End Game (30) 
Shen Liangchuan halted. 
Qiao Lian prickled her ears and listened. Then they walked towards the source of the sound. 
When they got to a certain spot, she suddenly saw a man. He was lying in a pool of blood, gasping desperately for air. Obviously, he was about to die! 
Qiao Lian jumped in fright. 
She retreated a few steps. 
The underground parking was dimly lit, hence she could not see the person clearly. But she could make out vaguely that it was a man in his thirties or forties, he was dressed shabbily. His clothes were now soaked in blood. 
Qiao Lian patted her chest in an attempt to calm herselt. Then she quickly reached for her cell phone, saying, “Hurry up and call the ambulance. Otherwise this man won’t survive!” 
After saying this, she picked up her cell phone. 
But as she did so, a hand held her wrist tightly. 
She spun around and paused, “What’s the matter?” 
She noticed Shen Liangchuan looking at the man lying in the pool of blood. His pupils shrank back as he said in a frighteningly icy tone, “Let’s mind our own business.” 
Then he took her hand and led her towards the car. 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
She could not think why he had been so cold-hearted all of a sudden. 
He had always valued loyalty. Hence, he must have had his own reasons for doing what he had just done. 
However, that man was not going to hold up for much longer. She feared that if they waited another ten minutes, he wouldn’t survive. 
Were they really going to pretend they had seen nothing and leave him to die like this
Qiao Lian opened her mouth to say something, but eventually swallowed her words, as she noticed how ugly Shen Liangchuan’s expression had turned. n?. 
She paused and followed him in silence. 
He immediately started the car and drove out and away from the parking. 
Looking at the grim and coldly indifferent expression on his face, she hardly dared to breathe. 
However, after leaving the parking and driving for a bit, he suddenly pulled up by the road. 
Qiao Lian paused briefly until he finally spoke, “After so many years, I didn’t expect that he would actually be out of jail.” 
Stunned, Qiao Lian asked, “You… know the guy?” 
Shen Liangchuan squinted as he nodded. He kept quiet for a long time before he started, “This was the drunk driver who, at the time, came at me and killed Soul Fighter. Soul Fighter pushed me out of the way.” 
Qiao Lian was stunned when she heard this. 
Suddenly, she realized why he had been so cold. 
How could he possibly call an ambulance to help a man who had killed his friend
She bit her lip and did not dare to venture another word. 
She was silent for a long time before he finally spoke again, “But he had a four-year-old daughter.” 
She froze immediately. 
She glanced at him again. 
He said with an indifferent expression, “She was four then, so she should be 13 now.” 
Qiao Lian kept silent. 
He too, fell silent for a while. In the end, he picked up his cell phone and dialed 911. 
Half an hour later, the man was taken to the hospital. Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan followed along and paid his medical bill. 
Two hours later, the man finally and miraculously regained consciousness. 
His thirteen-year-old daughter had been crying till her face was blue. 
Shen Liangchuan watched all of this from outside the ward, his expression detached and complex at the same time. Just as he had turned to walk away, the man suddenly called out to him, “Best- Best Actor Shen. About what happened back then, I was only following someone else’s instructions.”
###Chapter 1291: End Game (31) 
Shen Liangchuan halted immediately when he heard these words. His pupils shrank back. “What did you say?” 
The man had been beaten up badly. His eyes were turbid as he looked at Shen Liangchuan. He hung his head and said, “A few years ago, my daughter fell seriously ill and I needed a large sum of money for her medical treatment. Eventually, a woman approached me and instructed me to kill you by making it look like a drunk driving accident. Then she would give me the money for my daughter’s treatment.” 
“I had no other way out then and was at the end of my rope. I wanted to kill myself after killing you. As long as my daughter could live, that was fine for me.” 
The man continued, crying profusely now, “In the end I went to jail. All these years I’ve been blaming myself. Ever since I came out of jail, I have been trying to find you. Now I’ve come to Shanghai and life is very difficult here. Today I was beaten up badly because I had wandered into someone’s territory by mistake. If it hadn’t been for you, I’d have died.” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes and stared at the man, feeling quite ill after hearing those words. He took a step forward and asked, “Who instructed you?” 
The man paused and said, “Mei Feng.” 
– 
Walking out of the hospital, Shen Liangchuan felt completely disoriented. 
As he walked, it felt as though his feet were not touching the ground. 
The truth was cruel and had come so suddenly, he found it impossible to accept. 
For many years ago, he had hated Qiao Lian for causing Soul Fighter’s death. 
So much so that he had held it against her for so many years. 
But now it appeared that the person who had caused Soul Fighter’s death had been himself. 
He felt like a complete bastard for having hurt the person he loved most, all the while thinking that he was just doing justice—while on the other hand, the real perpetrator was roaming around free. 
He clenched his fists tightly. 
He couldn’t help feeling that the past was like a bad joke. 
As he stared at the man, feeling sorrowful and lost, Qiao Lian suddenly placed her hand over his. 
Turning around, he saw her concerned face looking back at him. She said, “Zi Chuan, it doesn’t matter how Soul Fighter died. What matters is how we choose to live from now. The dead are dead, but the living shouldn’t live in sorrow. We should live with greater energy to face the future better.” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded after a pause upon hearing these words. 
However… 
His eyes flashed sharply as he said, “Mei Feng.” 
Qiao Lian knitted her brow and said, “Mei Feng is simply too despicable and heartless! How old were you then, when she actually did such a cruel thing? But what do we do now? Although she incited this, it has been many years since, we don’t have any proof at all.” 
Evildoers must be punished, of course, but how to deal with Mei Feng was the question. 
Shen Liangchuan contemplated this for a moment and looked up with a frown. “I’ll make sure she ends up losing everything she has.” 
Qiao Lian nodded at these words. 
A call from Song Cheng came in as they were deep in thought. “Brother Shen, we’ve investigated SX Team. Indeed, it was established by the late Mr. Shen but now it belongs to Mei Feng. It seems the annual salary they are paying King should be approximately eight million.” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes upon hearing this piece of news. 
An annual salary of eight million. 
He estimated that this could very well be about all of the cash Mei Feng had on hand. 
At the moment, King’s reputation in China was sullied. Hence if SX didn’t manage to clinch the first place, they would become a laughing stock for sure. In addition, they wouldn’t get any endorsement deals and even possibly lose all their investors. That would mean the end for SX Team. r. o
When this happened, Mei Feng would lose everything.
###Chapter 1292: End Game (32) 
Very quickly, the grand final of the national eSports tournament arrived. 
SX had defeated PC Team and would now compete in the grand final. 
By the time the grand final match started, the seats were filled. There were even people standing along the aisle, all the way to the back of the venue. 
The lively atmosphere was highly charged up, boiling with excitement and anticipation. 
When Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan walked out of the backstage in their CQ Team uniforms, everyone in the audience was stunned. 
“I’ll be damned, do you see who that is? Why does he look so terribly familiar?” 
“I must be seeing things. I’m at a fake eSports event!” 
“Is this eSports or a press conference?” 
“Best Actor Shen is here?” 
“A Best Actor? Playing in a professional tournament? My eyes are playing tricks!” 
“My god! Is this an entertainment game segment?” 
“Ahhhh, Best Actor Shen is so dashing. So, so, so dashing!” 
Two distinct voices could be heard amongst the audience at once. 
The players of the two teams met under the stage. They only moved up to the stage when the host announced the beginning of the match and started the commentary. 
This was the first time King played against CQ. Hence upon seeing Qiao Lian, he held out his hand and said, “How do you do, Ms. Qiao?” 
She frowned as she was put in a conundrum. Shen Liangchuan stepped up. 
On Qiao Lian’s beglad, he shook King’s hand and said, “How do you do?” 
King: … 
He glanced at Shen Liangchuan and a look of surprise crossed his face. “Shen?” 
He spouted a rapid string of words in his language as his interpreter immediately said, “Mr. Shen? What brings you here? Did their team hire you for a morale boost?” 
The team members from SX burst out laughing at King’s remark. 
King added with sarcasm, “Why wouldn’t a Best Actor focus on acting and instead play video games? This is such a joke.” 
“Besides, this is the national tournament. Best Actor Shen, are you sure you’re up to it?” 
“It’s still not too late to step down, otherwise it could get ugly. Oh, such a pity. I’m just worried that I’ll be slaughtered by your fans.” 
Shen Liangchuan did not respond to his provocation and turned around indifferently, but he exchanged a look with Qiao Lian. 
In the meantime, on the internet, people were starting to express their doubts. 
They commented that they did not understand this move by CQ. 
“Why is Best Actor Shen playing? It’s an important match, why are they letting him play?” 
“Are they thinking that if they lose, no one would criticize them for his sake?” 
“This is a serious match. CQ Team is not taking this event to heart!” 
“Exactly, this is a sports event, it’s sacred, not an entertainment!” 
At the same time, there were fans of Best Actor Shen that spoke up, “Ahhhhhhh, my male idol is playing! Why is he always so dashing? But can male idol pull this off?” 
“This match today has to do with the honor of the country!! Is it really advisable to be so willful?” 
The messages were so full of doubts. 
The host was now starting to introduce the line-up. 
When it came to Qiao Lian, she was introduced as CQ’s Xiao Qiao. 
The host remarked, “I’m sure everyone’s familiar with the name Xiao Qiao, one of the two great female gamers in the world of eSports. Besides, she has brought CQ Team a long way right up to this point. Next, let me introduce the next player, CQ’s Zi Chuan!”
###Chapter 1293: End Game (33) 
CQ’s Zi Chuan. 
Zi Chuan!! 
The moment this name was mentioned, the whole audience was absolutely shook. 
Everyone stood up at once and looked at the stage in a daze. 
Zi Chuan. 
Was he that Zi Chuan from years ago
Zi Chuan from back then had disappeared all of a sudden in his heyday. 
Even after so many years, whenever people saw how outstandingly Prince was performing, they would inevitably think of Zi Chuan. 
If Zi Chuan were still gaming, would he have led them to greatness
But up till now, the real identity of Zi Chuan had remained a mystery. 
And amidst everyone’s guesses, they saw Shen Liangchuan walk to the stage. 
At once, the bustling atmosphere turned silent. 
Everyone turned to look at him in disbelief. 
After a whole five seconds of silence, the audience went wild! 
“Oh my god! Best Actor Shen is the eSports ace Zi Chuan?!” 
“This must be the most explosive piece of news of the year.” 
“Ahhhhh, Xiao Qiao, Zi Chuan!! They have finally resurfaced!” 
“Why am I feeling that this is a singleton’s nightmare even before the match has started?” 
When the SX team members became aware of the lineup, they looked up in shock and there was an expression of disbelief on their faces when they looked in Shen Liangchuan’s direction. 
Even King’s expression suddenly changed. nr. o
But the next moment, he said, “Loser.” 
Many years ago, they had had a match. At the time, he had defeated Xiao Qiao and Zi Chuan, so what more now
He narrowed his eyes. 
The host was stunned too when she looked at Shen Liangchuan. 
She stared at him blankly for a moment and then looked at her players list. Then she finally looked up and made the remark, “Best- Best Actor Shen is Zi Chuan?” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
The host finally regained her composure and said, “I feel like I’m in a dream! To think that a day would come that I could stand on the stage next to my idol. Best Actor Shen… all the best!” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
The host started to introduce the other players. 
After introducing CQ Team, she moved on to introducing SX Team. 
King went on the stage without any reservations, before all his teammates did. 
The host said as an introduction, “This is the captain of SX Team, also their foreign player, King.” 
There was some sparse clapping among the audience. Obviously, King had angered people with what he had said before and now they weren’t very happy with his presence. 
King suddenly smiled and leaned over to speak into the host’s microphone, saying, “Xiao Qiao, Zi Chuan, we meet again.” 
The host was surprised to hear this, and she asked, “Do you know each other?” 
King smiled and said a few lines, which the interpreter delivered, “Many years ago, we met in an online game.” 
The host was curious at once and asked, “And who won then?” 
King continued smiling as he looked at Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan and replied implicitly, “Perhaps they are here to get revenge today.” 
The meaning was clear. At the time, Xiao Qiao and Zi Chuan had been defeated. 
The audience got immediately nervous when they heard this. 
Everyone looked at each other, suddenly feeling that the probability of CQ Team winning was too low. 
Even Prince had lost to King. It looked like SX was pretty much invincible. Could CQ really win today’s match? Everyone was on edge.
###Chapter 1294: End Game (34) 
After introducing the players, they got ready for the match. 
Because the matches could take a long time, the players were given time to relief themselves before the game started. 
Qiao Lian got her mouse, keyboard and other equipment, and Sheng Liangchuan’s, and connected them to the computer. 
Zombie Leader Su Penghao sniggered as he looked at them. “With Best Actor Shen directing today, I guarantee I’ll be obedient.” 
Shen Liangchuan looked at him impassively and grunted in unabashed agreement. 
Qiao Lian couldn’t stop herself from laughing. 
Just about this time, they heard a loud thump. Everyone turned around simultaneously and saw that The Deputy Godfather had knocked over the drinks prepared for the players. 
There were five of them playing today—Qiao Lian, Shen Liangchuan, Su Penghao, The Godfather and The Deputy Godfather. 
Because The Godfather and The Deputy Godfather were brothers, they had excellent coordination between them. It was as if the two of them moved as one. 
At this point, The Deputy Godfather got onto his feet nervously and started to pick up the drinks that had fallen over. At once, he looked at the rest of them in a panic and gulped. He said, “I- er- I’m a little nerve-wracked.” 
They understood. 
The fact was they were even more nervous than the audience seated below. 
The pressure on them for this match was immense. 
Hence Qiao Lian didn’t think too much. She only nodded and said, “Don’t be nervous, just treat it like our normal training matches. Besides, everyone here has been through many matches, we’re not afraid of them!” 
“That’s right.” The Godfather smiled. “You’re normally so bold and out of control, what’s the matter with you today?” 
The Deputy Godfather managed to squeeze an agonizing smile and, at the same time, looked up and across the stage. 
The players looked at each other from afar, across the stage. There was a pane of glass between so although the teams couldn’t hear each other, they could see each other clearly. 
The moment The Deputy Godfather looked up, so did King from across the stage. He then gave The Deputy Godfather a sly smile. 
The Deputy Godfather’s hand started to tremble immediately, dropping the drinks that he had just picked up from the floor. 
Five minutes later, the match began. 
Typically in a match, each party would select the champions that they could ban the other party from using, and after that they would select the champions that they would use for the match. 
At once, SX Team banned the signature champions Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu. 
The commentator spoke, “SX’s move is obviously targeting Xiao Qiao and Zi Chuan. After all, they know that these two champions are the players’ favorites, so they’re best using these two champions. Also, they are known to coordinate with each other seamlessly.” 
“I wonder if Zi Chuan and Xiao Qiao will be able to win the match. given that both their favorite champions have been banned.” 
As these words were spoken, both teams started to pick their champions. 
Battle formation was one of the most critical factors in a match. 
Qiao Lian, Zombie Leader and Shen Liangchuan had obviously known that the opponent would target them, hence they already had a solution in mind. 
Because the enemy team had banned these two particular champions, other powerful champions could be used. 
Qiao Lian shouted immediately, “The Deputy Godfather, select Yu Ji!” 
Yu Ji was the best marksman, one without equal. 
Since she was available, it was expected that everyone would fight for her. 
Because The Deputy Godfather’s seat came first, Qiao Lian shouted this instruction. 
The Deputy Godfather stared at the options panel and then, for some reason, suddenly looked up. 
The moment he did so, his eyes met with King’s from across the stage. 
His hand started to tremble again. 
Right at the final selection moment, he accidentally hit the wrong champion. 
The next thing they knew, it was King’s turn to select his hero. Without hesitating, he selected Yu Ji.
###Chapter 1295: End Game (35) 
“What the heck? What on earth happened?!” 
It had all happened too quickly, in a flash. 
The Godfather jumped onto his feet in a snap and spun around to look at The Deputy Godfather. 
Zombie Leader also looked up and stared at him in disbelief. 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan gave the guy a strange look as well. 
Because of how powerful Yu Ji was, basically the team that snagged her would have a 80 percent chance of winning. 
The fact that they had had the first go at selecting their battle formation had initially given them a great advantage, but now… 
The Deputy Godfather looked up in a panic and gulped. He said, “I- I accidentally hit the wrong option.” 
Accidentally hit the wrong option. 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back upon hearing this excuse. 
But it was a done deal, there was no way to salvage it. 
Su Penghao immediately berated the guy, “Of all the times, your trembling hand had to choose such a critical moment. The Deputy Godfather, can you use some intelligence! If we had known this, we’d have let Ancestor White Bones play instead.” 
The Deputy Godfather shrank back and hung his head in silence. 
The Godfather was going to say more, but Shen Liangchuan intervened and said calmly, “Enough. Let’s think of what we’re going to do next.” 
The champion that The Deputy Godfather had selected was worthless. Basically, it had never been used in a match and was considered a minor support—and quite a bad one too. 
This being their first pick, their formation was already in trouble. 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and then said after a pause, “Let’s do this, we’ll adjust.” 
Finally, the formation was confirmed. 
Su Penghao was feeling rather restless as he said, “This crappy formation. How are we going to win? This support is a useless piece of trash! This game is practically 4 vs 5.” 
His nervous attitude rubbed off on The Godfather. 
Since they were brothers, The Godfather was quite harsh with his words, “Brother, have you lost your intelligence today? Couldn’t you have chosen another time to be this muddle-headed?! If we lose this match, it will be your fault.” 
The Deputy Godfather hung his head. His eyes reddened and both his hands were tensely positioned over his keyboard and mouse. He apologized in a hoarse whisper, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. It’s my fault.” 
Seeing all of this made Qiao Lian quite edgy. 
SX Team was a tough team to begin with. Since they had managed to put together such a formation, this match was going to be tougher than ever. 
When the team members were feeling edgy and restless, Shen Liangchuan’s calm voice was like the water of a clear spring, washing over their ears. “Alright, everyone focus. There are endless possibilities in eSports. Who says that this support is lousy? Since it had been created, then it has its value.” 
The Deputy Godfather looked up suddenly when he heard these words. He looked at Shen Liangchuan with an expression of disbelief. 
Shen Liangchuan was like the anchor of the team, sitting there, stilling everyone’s heart and mind. 
Indeed, although he had selected the wrong champion, whoe said they would lose for sure
As he contemplated those words, Shen Liangchuan’s spoke again, “Everyone, just go all out and fight through this match. We need to win two out of three games. Even if we lose this game, we still have a chance.” 
With his steady and confident assurance, their restlessness settled down. 
They all fell silent and started to focus. 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan exchanged a glance just before they clicked into the game interface. 
At that moment, listening to that rousing music, it was as though they were taken back eight years in time. Back into those reckless days of their youth. 
Her lips broke into a smile as she looked at him. 
And in return, a faint smile from him.
###Chapter 1296: End Game (36) 
Qiao Lian’s character was mid. 
But their opponent King, who was a jungler, seemed to have something against her. 
During the whole first match, he roamed around the mid lane and attacked Qiao Lian twice. 
When the match reached minute six, the score was 0-2 and the two deaths were Qiao Lian’s. 
At first, there was already a problem with the team formation, but when Qiao Lian was killed right after the game was started, it annoyed her. She couldn’t resist criticizing him, “Does this King dude live in the mid lane?” 
At the bottom lane, Shen Liangchuan and his support were doing pretty well. 
Hearing her panicking tone, Shen Liangchuan said, “Don’t panic, there is still a possibility to win this match.” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
They started competing seriously. 
King was targeting Qiao Lian in the mid lane, which almost made her go crazy and into a meltdown. As she had died too many times, she wasn’t able to level up. 
This unreasonable targeting made Qiao Lian so furious she felt like slamming the keyboard. 
However, on the opposite, Shen Liangchuan was gathering power really well. 
Both parties had fighting power. 
But the last fight was really wasted, as The Deputy Godfather had taken a wrong position and instead of being the support, he was killed instantly. King focused crazily on trying to kill Shen Liangchuan, but Qiao Lian had taken all the damage for him, allowing Shen Liangchuan to escape alive. . 
In this team fight, the enemies had almost killed the whole team. 
Then they continued charging at their nexus. 
When the failing tune sounded, Qiao Lian still felt that her chest was restricted and uncomfortable. 
They had lost. 
In this round, although Qiao Lian had been targeted crazily, since Shen Liangchuan had leveled up exceptionally well, they had had a possibility of winning the last team fight at the end. 
But because of The Deputy Godfather… 
The Godfather immediately became furious, “Brother, did water get into your brain today?!” 
The Deputy Godfather lowered his head and kept silent. 
The Godfather was so angry that he pulled up his sleeves and wanted to hit him. Qiao Lian hurriedly blocked him and looked at Shen Liangchuan. 
The Deputy Godfather hesitated for a while and said, “Replace me with someone for the next match.” 
After he said so, he looked as if he had let out a big burden. 
He stared dazedly at the people in front of him, feeling pain and hesitation deep in his heart. 
He recalled when King had looked for him suddenly before the competition and had shown him a video. 
The video showed the scene of a girl working really hard. She was a waitress in a hotel. She was carrying a box of wine alone into a private room. 
Her back was bent and it was clear that she was having trouble. However, she clenched her teeth and didn’t say anything. 
That was his girlfriend, Xiao Mei. 
King spoke, “Xiao Mei is working so hard just to be able to marry you earlier and have a family soon. How much are you even earning in this team club of yours?” 
The Deputy Godfather kept silent. 
Their club was new. How rich could they be
As gamers, they didn’t do it for the money, but for their passion and dreams instead. 
He kept silent and King gave him a price, “If you lose, I will give you two million. How about that?” 
Two million. 
The Deputy Godfather lifted his head up. 
He had never seen so much money in his whole life. 
With those two million, he would be able to buy a car and house with Xiao Mei in his hometown, and even hold a fancy wedding. 
Thus, he was immediately tempted by it. 
He had chosen that champion during the previous match on purpose. 
But he had been really devastated when they had actually lost the match.
###Chapter 1297: End Game (37) 
It was because this was his dream and his team. 
On one side was reality, and on the other was his dream. He was completely unable to play well due to the pain. 
In the last team fight, he hadn’t done it on purpose. He had just recalled the terrible state Xiao Mei was in. Thus, he had gotten momentarily distracted and moved into the wrong position. in?. Coｍ
But now, looking at everyone’s angry gaze and the disappointment on the audience’s faces, he suddenly felt like he was really too evil. 
He bit his lips and stood up. Lowering his head, he said, “Both Lonely Peerless and Ancestor White Bones are around, let’s exchange places.” 
He wasn’t worthy to be in the club. 
It was because his heart and intentions towards eSports were no longer pure. 
Qiao Lian stared at him and wanted to speak, but before she could, she heard Shen Liangchuan ask in a low voice, “Are you so useless that you’re giving up just after losing a game?” 
His sarcastic words shocked The Deputy Godfather and made him lift his head up. 
Shen Liangchuan stared at the computer screen and said, “For this round, you indeed made a huge mistake, but I’ll give you another chance. Do you dare to give your best as a support?” 
The Deputy Godfather’s eyes reddened and he stammered, “Mr. Shen, you—.” 
“In our club, I’m just the team leader, not any Mr. Shen.” 
Shen Liangchuan stood up and said, “Go to the restroom and prepare for the next match.” 
The Deputy Godfather tightened his fists, as if his morale had been strongly boosted, and nodded. 
If his team mates had so much trust in him, how could he be shameless enough to hesitate?! 
– 
The team went to the restroom during the mid break. 
All five of them walked towards the backstage together. 
Just as they reached the backstage, they saw King with SX Team standing there. It was obvious that they were waiting for them. 
Qiao Lian was slightly stunned. She turned her head to take a glance of Shen Liangchuan and saw him frown. Although so, he walked forward as if nothing had happened. 
King smiled really pleasantly, looking as if he was harmless. 
However, when The Deputy Godfather saw him, it was obvious that his irises swelled and he stopped in his tracks. 
He anxiously took a glance at Shen Liangchuan and then glanced at Qiao Lian. After that, his gaze fell on Su Penghao and the Godfather. 
Su Penghao and the Godfather were people who wouldn’t let any matters go, no matter how small. 
If they found out the reason why he had caused them to lose the first match, they would definitely mock him and push him away. 
And that probably was what King had planned. 
He followed his team mates anxiously, hoping that King wouldn’t say anything. 
He just wanted to finish the two remaining matches and win the competition. After they returned home, he would be honest and tell them the truth. He would also accept any punishment they would give him. 
But not now. It was a moment where they needed full trust in one another without any doubts. 
The Deputy Godfather clenched his fist, followed his team mates and walked forward. 
When they finally stood in front of King, he didn’t speak. The Deputy Godfather secretly let out a sigh of relief. 
However, when they were walking past them, King suddenly spoke, “Hi, everyone.” 
After speaking in his broken mandarin, he laughed and said, “Shen, can we speak?” 
Shen Liangchuan and Qiao Lian’s footsteps halted. 
Shen Liangchuan turned around and said, “There’s nothing to talk about between us.” 
After the interpreter had conveyed the message, King immediately panicked. He curved his lips, raised his finger suddenly and pointed at The Deputy Godfather. He started speaking in H language.
###Chapter 1298: End Game (38) 
The Deputy Godfather was thrown into a highly stressful and tense moment at once. His pupils shrank back. 
Staring straight at King, his eyes reddened. 
He suddenly understood. 
Right from the start, King had never intended to give him two million. 
He had used the million to tempt him, for the purpose of confusing him. 
And now, he was out to sow seeds of discord among their team members so that everyone would lose focus. 
He clenched his fists tightly and began to shake involuntarily. He hung his head. The last thing he wanted was for someone else to tell the truth about him. He wanted to come clean by himself. 
He opened his mouth and started, “I—” 
Before he could go any further, Shen Liangchuan suddenly raised his hand to stop him. 
At the same time, after King had spoken and just as the interpreter was about to start, Shen Liangchuan pointed at the man and said, “Shut up.” 
The interpreter was stunned. 
Shen Liangchuan was now looking at King. Then, he suddenly made a long and fluent comment in H language. 
That long speech sent King into a daze. 
His team members were stunned as well. 
Even Qiao Lian was stunned. 
Shen Liangchuan could actually speak H language
On the other hand, it made sense. That would be right, since Shen Liangchuan knew eight different languages. How could he not know H language
But what were they saying to each other
As she contemplated this, King, now visibly shaken, said another long reply. 
Shen Liangchuan, however, gave him a sarcastic and derisive smile before he turned to the rest of the team and said, “Let’s go.” 
King was about to speak again, but it was too late. The words that he had wanted his interpreter to convey were almost immediately swept aside by a glare from Shen Liangchuan. 
Just like that, the five of them walked to the restroom without giving King another chance to put another word in. 
Su Penghao and The Godfather were simply stumped by the episode. 
Although Su Penghao himself knew quite a few languages, he didn’t know H language. Hence full of curiosity now, he asked, “Brother Shen, what did he just say? Why was he pointing at The Deputy Godfather?” 
The Deputy Godfather was immediately nervous. Scared out of his wits now, he looked up at Shen Liangchuan. 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at him indifferently and said casually, “He said that our support player is a piece of trash.” 
Su Penghao was infuriated at once upon hearing this. “Damn it! This person is simply too smug! This was only because The Deputy Godfather didn’t have a chance to show his skills. If he did, King would be pulp by now!” 
Having said this, he looked at The Deputy Godfather and added, “Make sure you give your best in the next segment! He dares to belittle our support player. The guy’s got a death wish!” 
The Godfather was hopping mad now as well and added, “Exactly, brother, prime yourself and cheer up for the next segment, you hear me?” 
The Deputy Godfather was stunned and rooted to the ground, in a daze. 
He had seen King’s expression and knew for sure that he must have said something to Shen Liangchuan. d. 
But Shen Liangchuan had covered up for him. 
He looked at the man with an expression of great surprise and suddenly, he was overwhelmed by the huge wave of emotions that had welled up within. 
The fact was that Shen Liangchuan had no obligation to cover up for him. All he needed to do was to get another player to replace him and they would be able to continue. 
But that was not what he had chosen to do. 
He had stopped the interpreter from conveying the message, and had even retaliated with a vicious comeback. 
Even though he had no idea what Shen Liangchuan had said exactly, he knew that the man had protected him. 
He curled his fingers into tightly clenched fists and nodded with determination, pledging, “I will give my best for the next game!”
###Chapter 1299: End Game (39) 
No one else had noticed The Deputy Godfather’s shift of emotions. 
But Qiao Lian, as a girl, was sensitive enough to catch the issue at hand. 
She pursed her lips and turned towards Shen Liangchuan. 
She didn’t know the details of what had happened, but she understood Shen Liangchuan’s personality. 
Although in person he came across as a very cold and emotionless individual, the reality was that he had a forgiving and loyal nature. d. c?
She recalled something that happened when she had just met him. 
There was someone on the team who played poorly, so he often criticized him. But one time in a game, that person was slayed by the enemy a few times and was taunted, “What a noob, hahahaha.” 
That team member was so infuriated that she cried. 
Qiao Lian also had a forgiving nature so she immediately shot back, still standing in the nexus. 
After that, everyone else in the team joined. 
Only Shen Liangchuan was out there alone, clearing the jungle and quietly leveling up. 
At the time, Qiao Lian had thought what a quiet person he was. Besides, did he actually think the opponent was right in making those remarks? This person was really heartless and cold. 
But in the next ten minutes, she discovered his way of doing things. 
Shen Liangchuan slayed the opponent who had taunted them numerous times. 
Eventually, after beating that person to pulp, he calmly and heroically typed out a message on his keyboard, “Are we playing against bots?” 
That was a direct insult to the opponent. 
And it was that very same Shen Liangchuan that Qiao Lian had fallen in love with. 
She had stared at Shen Liangchuan’s champion, moving through the field with fluid motions, with his dashing maneuvering and that air of steadiness, despite the fact that he had not been very much older than her. All these qualities of his had captivated her. 
As these recollections filled her mind, someone grabbed her wrist. 
Stunned, she looked up. It was Shen Liangchuan. She asked, “What’s the matter?” 
He replied, “So are you planning to follow us all the way?” 
Qiao Lian: … 
She looked around. It was then she noticed that they were before the restroom. Since she had gotten distracted, she hadn’t noticed that she had actually been about to step into the male restroom with the guys. 
Qiao Lian: …!! 
She turned scarlet at once. 
Su Penghao burst out laughing and said, “I don’t really mind if you came along.” 
In an immediate reaction to the joke, Shen Liangchuan said, “I do mind.” 
Su Penghao: … 
He realized suddenly whom he was making fun of and shut his mouth, falling into silence at once. 
Next to him, The Godfather lowered his head and sniggered. 
The Deputy Godfather continued to look at Shen Liangchuan with admiration in his eyes. 
Qiao Lian threw Su Penghao a glance and then rolled her eyes, saying, “I’m gone.” Then she quickly went the other way into the female washroom. 
– 
By the time Qiao Lian was done and walked out, she saw Shen Liangchuan standing alone outside, waiting for her. 
Puzzled, she asked, “Where are the rest?” 
“They’re gone.” 
“Men,” Qiao Lian thought, “they are fast!” 
She took a step forward and was about to put her arms around Shen Liangchuan, when she suddenly heard a voice behind, “Xiao Qiao? Shen?” 
The couple turned around simultaneously. It was King and he was just walking out of the restroom. 
The interpreter was next to him. 
King carried an aggressive smile on his face as he looked at the two of them. After a moment, he said something which the interpreter quickly conveyed, “Xiao Qiao, weren’t you tortured pathetically in the last match?” 
Immediately, Qiao Lian frowned.
###Chapter 1300: End Game (40) 
King had probably been provoked by what Shen Liangchuan had just done. Hence, he was now talking non-stop with his interpreter conveying his message closely behind, so that Shen Liangchuan couldn’t get a word in. 
The interpreter said, “Actually you’re a pretty girl, do you want me to go easy on you in this segment? I have a suggestion. Spend a night with me and I’ll let you off today, so that you won’t suffer such an ugly defeat. How about it?” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
Qiao Lian couldn’t be more disgusted. To think that this man could make such vile comments with an innocent expression. 
She frowned. With an icy smirk, she was about to speak when King took a step forward and reached for her shoulder. At the same time, a dark silhouette quickly flashed next to her and the next thing she saw was that Shen Liangchuan had grabbed King by his collar. 
Pushing the vile man into a retreat, Shen Liangchuan gave him a severe glare. 
Panicking, King said some words in H language. 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes and replied in H language, in a simple sentence. 
Then he let go of King’s collar and cast his gaze down. Turning around, he held his hand out in front of Qiao Lian. 
After a momentary pause, Qiao Lian immediately understood what he wanted. She quickly lowered her head and took out a napkin, holding it out to him. With a look of disdain, he wiped his hands clean and, in one stylishly elegant move, tossed the used napkin into the bin by the side. 
After this, he put his arm around Qiao Lian’s shoulders and walked away without giving King another look. 
After turning the corner, Qiao Lian looked at Shen Liangchuan and said, “What did King just say?” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and laughed icily. “I reckon he was afraid I’d hit him. So he said that if I tried using physical violence, I’d lose my place in the competition.” 
Qiao Lian replied, “What a coward! So what did you say?” 
Shen Liangchuan said, “I said that if we hadn’t been at the venue, I’d crush his skull for sure, bastard, stay away from my woman.” 
Qiao Lian: …!! 
How straightforward! 
Qiao Lian grinned broadly and leaned against his arm. Looking up at him, she asked, “Was that all? I thought you said a lot more than that.” 
His expression darkened for a moment. Then he smiled faintly and said, “Uh huh, that was all.” 
Qiao Lian believed him. 
However she gave a deep sigh and said, “How bothersome to keep being targeted like this!” 
It was one thing being targeted according to the enemy’s plan and strategy, but in the last segment, they had been targeted by King in a senseless fashion. He hadn’t even farmed in the jungle, he had simply hid himself among the bushes, waiting to ambush her. It was simply perverse. 
Shen Liangchuan smiled again upon hearing this and said calmly, “It won’t happen again in this segment.” 
Curious, Qiao Lian asked, “Why?” 
Shen Liangchuan did not explain. Thinking that he meant King would stop being so frivolous, Qiao Lian did not pursue further. 
They returned to the competition venue and the match commenced. 
The audience was now nervous given that they had lost the first segment. Their mood was considerably more high-strung than before. They were cheering and chanting their slogans even before the match began. 
The noise was deafening, the event was adequately large. 
Qiao Lian took in a deep breath, knowing that this was a make-or-break match for them. 
If King and his team won this segment, them it would mean that they, CQ, would lose the entire tournament. 
Only if they won this segment, they would be able to go to the third and last match. 
In this segment, The Deputy Godfather made no errors and the champion pick proceeded without any issues. 
The second segment finally started. 
Qiao Lian continued to play mid, but as she was farming, she suddenly noticed that it was already four up against two on the bot lane.

###Chapter 1301: End Game (41) 
King’s team and their mid had gone to the bottom lane. 
Qiao Lian’s pupils shrank back at once. Were they… targeting Shen Liangchuan
She frowned. He was their adc player. If he were to be put under severe attack, then this would be an even tougher game for them. 
Besides… King was supposed to be targeting her, but now why was he… 
She suddenly recalled that incident right before the match, when Shen Liangchuan had said something to King at length in H language. 
Hence, it looked like there had been more to the conversation than what Shen Liangchuan had told her. 
She was certain that he had said something that must have agitated King. 
So that the pressure would all be on the bottom lane and she, as a consequence, would have an easier time in the middle lane. 
Secretly, she was touched by this gesture. Now she asked aloud, “How are things in the bot lane?” 
Shen Liangchuan spoke calmly, “Okay for now, our support is very aggressive.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
After she cleared the minions, she shot a glance at The Deputy Godfather. 
He was putting in a serious effort in this segment and was staring intently at the screen, wide-eyed, as though doing this would enable him to see more clearly. 
Seeing how he looked like he was filled with boundless energy, Qiao Lian couldn’t help but smile. 
She pursed her lips, turned back to her screen and continued with the game. 
Although they were getting mercilessly targeted in the bot lane in this second segment, because The Deputy Godfather was going all out in his support role, he shouldered all the pressure. Shen Liangchuan was not captured even once throughout the game. 
Consequently, the top lane and mid lane leveled up really well. When it came to the final group battle, as the support sacrificed himself to secure the positions of his teammates, the team managed to slay all the opponents. 
Sacrificing one player for five was an incredible end to the match indeed! 
CQ Team won this segment. 
Charged with emotions, the whole audience seated below got onto their feet at once. 
And Qiao Lian, looking at Shen Liangchuan’s great accomplishment on the screen, couldn’t help but marvel in silence. 
Six kills and zero deaths. That was an awesome result. 
Then she looked at the support’s statistics… They were too horribly tragic to behold. He had taken almost all the blows. 
As the second segment came to an end, everyone filed out for a break. 
They drank water, headed for the washroom. 
Because the second match had been brief, Qiao Lian and the team did not need to go to the restroom again. 
She then looked at The Deputy Godfather and commented, “The support was absolutely out of this world in this segment!” 
The Deputy Godfather replied, “Well, I can’t be any less! Did you know what Brother Shen told me right before the match
Qiao Lian, Su Penghao and The Godfather all turned to look at him with a curious expression. 
Shen Liangchuan coughed softly. 
The Deputy Godfather then laughed and lowered his voice to say, “He said that he had a bet with King, that for each death his hero suffered, he’d spend one night with the guy.” 
Qiao Lian: …!! 
She spun her head around to look at Shen Liangchuan. 
The Deputy Godfather smiled bitterly and continued, “So for the sake of Brother Shen’s morals, I had to go all out in this match.” 
Everyone was stumped. 
She leaned over to Shen Liangchuan and cleared her throat. She then said, “Is that really what you told King?” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “Of course.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
“… not.” 
She sighed in great relief and asked, “Then what exactly was it that you told him?” 
“I told him that if I died even once, I would publicly admit on Weibo that he’s superior to me.” 
Upon hearing these words, her eyes started stinging as she reached out for his hand instinctively.
###Chapter 1302: End Game (42) 
Shen Liangchuan was a nationally-renowned Best Actor with tens of millions of Weibo fans. Of course King would have known this. 
The stake that Shen Liangchuan had placed was enormous. 
Because even the best player couldn’t guarantee he would sail through a game without being slayed once. 
Besides, he was the adc player, it was almost impossible to avoid getting killed. 
This not only tested his self confidence, it tested the level of his trust in his teammates. 
Especially the support role. 
In the segment they had just played, The Deputy Godfather had made a huge accomplishment. He had sacrificed his life for Shen Liangchuan four times, no less. 
He had to have complete trust in The Deputy Godfather to pull off such a feat. 
Qiao Lian took in a deep breath as she observed her man, who was now stretching his lower back languidly. 
His shoulders were broad, more than broad enough to hold up her world. 
No, they were more than broad enough to carry their team through everything. n?e?. Co
She bit her lip, overwhelmed by her deepening fascination with this man, who she had been observing throughout the competition. 
– 
Thus ended the second match. None of the players from either side went to the restroom during this break, giving the reporters an opportunity to start interviewing King. 
A reporter shot some questions, “King, what are your thoughts on this last segment? Why did your team lose? Do you still feel that the standard of eSports in China falls behind country H?” 
Upon hearing these questions, King smiled and answered through his interpreter, “Well, what happened was because Shen laid a bet with me. He said that if he died even once during the game, he would admit on Weibo that he’s inferior to me. This tempted me to make the wrong decision of focusing on the bottom lane throughout the game. That was rather silly.” 
King had a helpless expression on his face. He continued, “I know that some teams like to employ the clock tactic, but I didn’t expect things to turn out this way. After all I’m in the prime of youth, and I do get provoked by certain words.” 
“Uh huh, but I have to admit that this was a very strong move by Shen.” 
“I’m not sure how to compare China and country H, because this wouldn’t have happened in country H… This segment was not exceptional in any way, it was just me losing my senses. So you know.” 
“But I’m going to make a serious effort in the final match. 
After saying all of this, he turned to the camera and put on an extremely cute expression. 
This expression was projected onto the big screen at the venue and seen by all the audience. 
At once, a silence fell right across the venue. 
But the reporters caught onto his implicit message. “Are you saying that Best Actor Shen tricked you?” 
The man shrugged and said, “There’s an old Chinese saying that says nothing in war is too deceitful. So even though I lost this segment, I have to admit that I didn’t have the right attitude.” 
He would only admit that he had had the wrong attitude, but would not admit that his skills hadn’t been up to par. 
The CQ team members were infuriated at once when they heard this. 
Su Penghao said straightaway, “Freaking hell! The unmatched shamelessness of the man! Is he saying we won by cheating? Why doesn’t he look at all the underhanded means he’s used so far? Prince’s support player Bamboo has now been taken out of the tournament. I heard recently that he’s even been seeing a psychologist. He almost committed suicide. King thinks that no one knows what he has done!”
###Chapter 1303: End Game (43) 
Very obviously, people didn’t know the inside story. 
Except now that King had said this, everyone would think CQ Team had to resort to underhanded means to defeat him. 
There was now a silence at the competition venue, everyone was speechless. i?r． ?m
Su Penghao was livid, and The Godfather and The Deputy Godfather’s expressions were as dark as the stormy skies. 
Qiao Lian frowned as she turned to look at Shen Liangchuan. 
Shen Liangchuan smiled icily and remarked, “There’s no hurry.” 
Flustered, Su Penghao said, “I can’t stand it that people have to come up with excuses for losing a game.” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down calmly and placed his fingers on the mouse. “Then we will trash him till he runs out of excuses.” 
He made that assertive remark with such exceptional casualness. 
His steadfastness, however, calmed all his teammates down very quickly. 
It was in this state of mind that the final match commenced. 
The fact was that in eSports, the champion combination was of utmost importance. 
However in this segment, CQ Team had picked an obviously unique combination of champions. 
The champion that they had selected for this match resulted in an obviously strong and tough formation. 
In other words, in this match, they weren’t going to depend on strategy, but rather on the individual’s maneuvering and moves. It would be a direct confrontation. 
This would reveal who had better playing skills. 
And in this third segment, Qiao Lian finally secured her signature champion, Xiao Qiao. 
At the same time, Shen Liangchuan secured his most frequently played champion, Zhou Yu. 
Once again, Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu stood shoulder-to-shoulder, drawing much shrieking and gasping from the crowd. 
Exchanging a quick glance between themselves, Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan smiled at each other. 
The match commenced! 
The moment they hit the bot lane, the two teams got into a small team battle. 
Both Qiao Lian and the opponent’s mid player joined to help. 
In the 3 vs 3 team battle, Qiao Lian and her team members went for the kill. 
To the extent that King and his teammates, who had initially wanted to capture Shen Liangchuan, were now steadily retreating. And just as they were getting close to the protected area by their turret, Qiao Lian deployed a flash spell, dashed over and immediately killed an enemy. 
But at this moment, she was dangerously low on HP. Seeing that she was about to die, Shen Liangchuan dashed over and positioned himself in front of her, taking a wave of hits for her. 
Their exquisite coordination and chemistry immediately resulted in them killing another enemy. 
“Yes!” 
“Go, CQ!” 
“Come on, Xiao Qiao!” 
“You go, Zi Chuan!” 
With that kill, CQ finally got into the game and started to show what they were made of. 
No other distractions, no underhanded tactics, it was pure, solid, fighting. 
The five players were united like one, moving with a chemistry that was at once inspiring and frightening. 
CQ Team was like a heavenly troop, moving attack after attack, beating SX Team into a pathetic retreat. 
Now the capabilities of both teams was on display for all to see. 
There was almost no suspense, this match was CQ Team’s to win. 
When the victory symbol flashed on the big screen, everyone in the audience got up on their feet. Staring at the victory message, they cheered, “Long live China!” 
CQ Team had stamped their presence and proven their prowess through the strongest display of their capabilities. 
And what a powerful slap to their opponent! 
– 
According to tradition, after the match there would be an MVP, which was an interview with the best player. 
Without a doubt, CQ’s best player was Shen Liangchuan. 
As he walked on the stage, the reporters asked, “Best Actor Shen, is there anything you wish to say?” 
At once, the venue fell into a dead silence and everyone looked at him intently.
###Chapter 1304: End Game (44) 
Shen Liangchuan was known as a high-quality celebrity, so no matter where he went he would be the focus of attention. 
On this very day, he had very successfully attracted the attention of the fans at the competition venue. 
Especially his daring movements and lightning speed maneuvering during the match. He shone in everyone’s eyes. 
Everyone’s eyes were now trained on the stage, looking at him extremely seriously. 
He said with his usual calmness, “I first came into contact with eSports more than ten years ago. Currently, I’m way over the optimum age for eSports. I’m afraid today’s match is probably my last in my eSports career.” 
All the fans present were at once crestfallen when they heard these words. 
It had also been like this many years ago. Zi Chuan had been like a new and rising star, and then he had vanished. 
Once again, he was like a night-blooming flower that was about to face daybreak. 
But he was right. 
He was too old. After the age of 25, the mental and physical reflexes of a gamer would start to decline, and if he continued taking the important positions, he would become CQ’s liability. 
He had spent the best years of a gamer’s life being an actor, he had missed out on his greatest dream and passion. 
However… 
Standing before the crowd, he continued, “I remember, nine years ago, when our country didn’t have professional eSports team clubs. When it was called gaming, we were completely beaten to pulp by a certain team from country H. They provoked and taunted us, saying that we China could not defeat them.” 
The moment these words were spoken, all the fans at the event looked at King at once. 
They glared at him with a critical eye, full of suspicion and disdain. 
The host said immediately, “But today you’ve led your team to defeat them.” 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and said, “No, King is only a foreign player. Today we merely defeated SX Team. My hope is to take this to the world out there, my wish is for our eSports to soar further and higher.” 
The host applauded. 
Everyone among the audience clapped their hands wildly. 
Qiao Lian looked at her man with her head held high. 
Countless times in the past, she had looked at him with the same sort of admiration in her eyes. 
She admired him when she looked at the TV. She admired him when she saw him on those high rise buildings with huge advertising screens. And even as a reporter, she had looked at him with admiration every time they had run into each other at award ceremonies. 
But at the time, he had been a man of few words. 
Even when he was given the Best Male Lead Award for the first time and became a Best Actor, the only thing he had said when he went up on stage was an impassive, “Thank you.” 
Everyone thought he was a man of few words, but what they didn’t realize was that all these things weren’t what mattered to him most. 
ESports was his dream and passion. 
Hence today, he spoke alot more than usual. 
Looking at him, her heart swelled with pride. 
The host laughed and continued, “Best Actor Shen- No, wrong. Perhaps on the stage here, I should call you Zi Chuan. So Zi Chuan, a personal question for you, and I think this is everyone’s question too. What other dreams and passions do you have now
The crowd fell silent upon hearing this question. 
They all looked at Shen Liangchuan 
Qiao Lian also looked at him intently. Like the scores of fans he had, she wanted to know what other dreams and passions he had. 
And right at this moment, she heard him saying unhurriedly, “Xiao Qiao, please marry me.”
###Chapter 1305: End Game (45) 
The camera had now zoomed into Shen Liangchuan’s face, projecting it onto the central big screen. 
His expression was serious as he looked steadily into the lens. It was as though through it, he was looking into the eyes of the viewer. 
There were millions of eSports fans watching. 
In addition to this, there were Shen Liangchuan’s own fans. Hence at this point, there was an unprecedented number of people watching the livestream match. 
Before the world, Shen Liangchuan had uttered the words that had come nine years late: 
“Xiao Qiao, please marry me.” 
The venue fell into a deafening silence. 
After ten seconds, cries of surprise suddenly broke out all over, people started whistling and yelling. 
All the eyes in the crowd seemed to be following his gaze, searching for Qiao Lian, who was standing among them in a complete daze in her CQ team uniform. 
Then the crowd parted automatically, opening up a path for her. 
A path that led to the stage, to Shen Liangchuan. 
Shen Liangchuan stood there on the stage, smiling, with his hand held out towards her. ?α. o
She stood rooted to the ground, her eyes still widened in astonishment. 
Time stopped at this very moment. 
The noise around her faded in the background, the colors had dimmed, as her focus was now trained solely on that one solitary figure on the stage. 
Qiao Lian’s mind had gone blank, but the man on the stage was like a magnet drawing her one step at a time towards him. She found herself walking to the stage, under his spell. 
As she took that one last step onto the platform, he reached out and took her hand tightly in his. 
She knew, in that moment of time, that there was no longer anything separating them. 
By the time she came back into her senses, the shrieks and cheers in the venue were deafening. 
Everyone in the audience was shouting, “Say yes! Say yes!” 
Qiao Lian looked at Shen Liangchuan. He was staring back at her with his dark, piercing eyes. 
They were burning bright with an amazing darkness. 
She bit her lip and, under his deep and passionate gaze, nodded. 
The crowd broke out in an ecstatic cheer. Then the crowd kept demanding, “A kiss!” 
“Kiss!” 
“Kiss!” 
They started to shout in unison. 
They shouted at the top of their voices. 
All that noise! Qiao Lian’s face turned a bright scarlet as she glanced back at the fans in the crowd. 
Wouldn’t it be pure bragging to kiss under such circumstances
But the next moment, she suddenly felt a broad and tall figure take a step towards her. Then, a warm and large hand pressed up against her back. She wanted to give a shout of alarm but as she opened her mouth, a kiss landed on her lips. 
“Arghhhhhhhh!!” 
The crowd got excited and completely charged up. 
Best Actor Shen had never even filmed a kissing scene. 
But he had kissed Qiao Lian before the world. 
– 
Even after the interview, there was a buzz of excitement among the fans at the live venue. 
The competition organizer had no choice but to arrange for Shen Liangchuan and Qiao Lian to leave the venue through a special passageway. 
Accompanied by the staff, they were led along the passageway. They hadn’t gone very far when suddenly, they saw King in front of them. He was walking with his head lowered, wearing his baseball cap. 
However unlike them, King’s posture made him look like he was a fugitive on the run. He cut a terribly sorry figure. 
When he heard the noise behind him, he spun around. He halted and narrowed his eyes when he realized it was them. 
Then he walked towards the two of them.
###Chapter 1306: The Wedding (1) 
Qiao Lian had her arms around Shen Liangchuan’s as they walked to the exit. When they saw King, they immediately halted. 
She slightly raised her chin and glared at him haughtily. 
A look of pride that could only come from the victor. 
The man frowned and gave an icy smirk. He made a lengthy remark in language H and signaled to the interpreter to convey the message. n?d.＆nbsp;o
The interpreter hesitated for a moment, looking rather troubled. Then he replied to King in language H. King paused and looked furious at once. Then he pointed at the interpreter and talked angrily. 
The interpreter smirked, tossed the coat that he was carrying for King on the ground and said, “I’ve been sick and tired of you for a long time now. Saying nasty things about us Chinese when you’re standing on Chinese soil, pushing your weight around in the club, it’s downright disgusting! I’m telling you, forget about my salary this month. Use it to buy yourself a flight ticket and scram! I quit!” 
He turned and walked away. 
King stared at the man blankly, at a loss for words. 
Qiao Lian burst out laughing as she stood watching by the side. 
She had noticed that the interpreter would look terribly constipated every time he had to convey a message from King. Now, even he had lost his cool. 
She turned to Shen Liangchuan and said, “Why don’t you do him a favor and tell him what the interpreter has just said?” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Going along with Qiao Lian’s request, Shen Liangchuan conveyed what the interpreter had said. 
King’s expression turned ugly at once. 
Pointing a finger at Shen Liangchuan, he spoke again. 
Curious, Qiao Lian asked, “What did he say?” 
Shen Liangchuan explained with an indifferent expression, “He said, ‘Don’t be too arrogant just because we’ve won this match. There are so many high-skilled players in country H, they will beat us to pulp in the international tournament.’” 
Qiao Lian: … 
With a serious expression, Qiao Lian looked at King. She said hurriedly and with confidence, “We China are not inferior to any other country. ESports were developed in your country for many years, but it has started growing here recently. Just you wait, one day we will stand proudly on the podium of the international stage.” 
Shen Liangchaun nodded in agreement at these words and interpreted them for King. 
The man was furious. He pointed a finger at them and then walked out in a huff. 
After this, Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan continued along the passageway. 
Walking along, Qiao Lian suddenly halted and spun her head around to look at Shen Liangchuan. 
Shen Liangchuan: ?
She reached out and straightened the sunglasses he was wearing. After staring into them for a long time, she gave a cry of alarm, “Oh no! I don’t have any makeup on today! I must have looked really terrible standing beside you.” 
Shen Liangchuan was flabbergasted. 
“Arghhhhh, why did you have to propose today? If only you had told me earlier! I could have brought a change of clothes along. Look at this team uniform, it’s terribly unflattering.” 
Shen Liangchuan was speechless. 
“Shen Liangchuan, say it, did you do this on purpose?! You knew you’d look even better if I looked bad.” 
Then she picked up her cell phone in a panic and started to look for the pictures posted online. 
Shen Liangchuan was wearing the team uniform too, yet he looked tall, powerful and extremely dashing. 
Qiao Lian, on the other hand, looked like a high school student in a uniform. 
In addition, she had avoided makeup because of her pregnancy and that made her look very young. 
Looking at things… 
“Honey,” Shen Liangchuan called her. 
“Huh?” 
“You are the most beautiful in my eyes.” 
“… Shen Liangchuan!” 
“” 
“What a great liar you are!”
###Chapter 1307: The Wedding (2) 
Shen Liangchuan had a faint smile on his face as he observed the blushing Qiao Lian, lowering her head and walking away at a quickened pace. 
He knew she was embarrassed. 
Looking down, he also quickened his pace and caught up to her. 
They exited through the back door, got into the van and headed back to the hotel. 
After ensuring that all the CQ team members were back, Qiao Lian washed up. 
By the time she walked out of the washroom and picked up her cell phone, she realized that it was flooding with messages. 
She had been mentioned and tagged countless times on Weibo, and even as she picked up the cell phone, it kept vibrating non-stop. 
She logged out of Weibo and sat on the bed in a daze, recalling Shen Liangchuan’s proposal earlier today. 
The proposal had been completely unexpected and it had caught her off guard. 
Even now, she felt like it was a dream and she hadn’t quite woken up from it. 
When Shen Liangchuan walked out of the bathroom after his shower, she was still in a daze. 
As he came near her, she caught a whiff of the fresh after-shower scent. She looked up immediately and noticed that he had a towel wrapped around his waist. He stood in front of her, bent over and lowered. Looking into her eyes, he asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Since he had just showered, some water drops were rolling down his face from his wet hair. They fell on his bare chest and continued their journey down, finally disappearing into the towel. 
Feeling the urge of that temptation, she coughed and quickly looked away. 
Then as though remembering something, she suddenly looked up at Shen Liangchuan. She asked, “Outside the restroom today, King pointed at The Deputy Godfather and said something. What did he say?” 
Shen Liangchuan hadn’t expected that question from her. 
He paused, wondering if he should tell her. 
And at this point, Qiao Lian’s cell phone rang. 
She looked down at the screen. It was Su Penghao. His voice sounded from the other end of the line the moment she picked it up, “The Deputy Godfather has gone nuts. He says he wants to tell us something and wants you to come over. And if Brother Shen can, he should come over too.” 
Qiao Lian nodded and replied, “We’ll be over right away.” 
She quickly got changed after hanging up, and left the room with Shen Liangchuan. 
The team was staying in the same hotel. As they walked along the corridor, Qiao Lian turned to Shen Liangchuan and asked, “I’m guessing you know what he wants to tell us.” 
The man was silent for a moment and said, “Let’s just listen to what he has to say.” 
She nodded as they arrived at Su Penghao’s room. 
Su Penghao was staying in a suite, hence the team members were all gathered in the living area, with The Deputy Godfather standing in the centre. They saw the couple walk in. 
He finally took a deep breath and said, “I’ve asked all of you to come over because there is something I need to tell you. I can’t just pretend it didn’t happen, because it’s eating away at my conscience.” 
“Before the match today, King approached me saying that he’d pay me two million if I lost the match. That was why I chose such a champion in the first segment.” 
The Godfather was immediately furious when he heard this. He jumped onto his feet and drew his posture straight, saying, “Brother, what did you just say?! Say it again!” 
The Deputy Godfather hung his head and continued, “I’ve made a mistake. I know now I was wrong. That was why in the next two matches, I tried my best to salvage the situation. But even though we won, I’m unable to get over my mistake. So I’m coming clean now and I will accept whatever decision the club takes.”
###Chapter 1308: The Wedding (3) 
The people in the room fell silent when they heard these words from The Deputy Godfather. 
The Godfather raised a trembling finger at his brother, so angry that he couldn’t speak. 
This wasn’t something that Su Penghao could have expected. He looked at The Deputy Godfather, his expression full of disappointment, but more than that, he could not come to terms with it. 
Ancestor White Bones stepped forward and spoke first, “This is a serious matter, although you have realized your mistake. But if we just let it go like that, then what about the prestige of our team club?” 
Everyone nodded in agreement. 
Efforts must be rewarded, and errors should be punished. This was a principle that every organization should observe. 
If they didn’t deal with The Deputy Godfather appropriately this time, then the team club would face management issues on the longer term. 
Finally, everyone’s gaze shifted simultaneously to Shen Liangchuan. 
The man was silent for a moment, then he spoke unhurriedly, “We’ll impose a penalty worth three months of salary. The Deputy Godfather, do you ?” 
The Deputy Godfather’s eyes lit up as he said immediately, “Not at all! Not at all!” 
“Uh-huh. We’ve won the competition, the prize money will be distributed later.” 
Compared to the prize money, what was three months of salary
It was only a symbolic punishment. 
Having said this, Shen Liangchuan lowered his voice and continued, “Players switching team clubs in the country is a common thing. I don’t ask that you stay with CQ Team forever, but I do have one request, that as long as you have a contract with us, you must not do anything that is unfair to CQ. Can you all do that?” 
“Yes!” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded as he looked at his team of players replying in unison. 
Then he lowered his gaze and continued unhurriedly, “Although we’ve clinched the national champion award, this is not our only target. We want to work towards the world champion award, so everyone has to train hard.” 
“Yes!” 
– 
After this matter had been dealt with, Qiao Lian followed Shen Liangchuan and they walked back to their room. 
Her eyes were intently fixed on him, even after they had returned to the room. 
She remembered that when King had spoken, no one except Shen Liangchuan had understood what he was saying. That was the reason why he had retorted in language H. It was so that King would not have any reason to speak at all. 
Because if word about The Deputy Godfather’s matter got out and started spreading among outsiders, it would indeed look bad for them. 
That had been Shen Liangchuan’s way of protecting his teammate. 
Resting her chin on her knuckle, she stared at the man with a curious expression and asked, “Shen Liangchuan, when King told you about what happened with The Deputy Godfather, what was your reply to him?” 
Shen Liangchuan froze momentarily upon hearing this question. Then he tilted his head and said, “I don’t remember.” 
Qiao Lian exclaimed, “… How could you not remember?” 
“Hurry up and tell me. I really want to know what you told him that caused him to jump in fright.” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and said, “I said shut up, or something along the lines.” 
Qiao Lian muttered, “Oh.” Her eyes were still trained intently on him. After a while, she added, “Shen Liangchuan.” 
“Uh-huh?” 
“Why do you trust The Deputy Godfather so much?” 
If he didn’t trust the guy, he wouldn’t have given him a chance to play in the next segment. 
If The Deputy Godfather had continued to sabotage them in the next two segments they would have lost for sure. 
Shen Liangchuan said in a gentle tone as she was contemplating this, “Because he is our teammate.” 
With her eyes fixed steadily on the man, she was shaken to the core by his answer. 
She looked at him in astonishment and, after a moment of silence, gave a firm nod.
###Chapter 1309: The Wedding (4) 
The following day, both of them returned to Beijing. 
When they arrived home from the airport, they saw that there were a few people gathered at the front door. 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan exchanged a glance. As they got out of the car, Xia Yehua rushed up to them and said, “My- my- my son is finally going to hold his wedding! This is great news after all the hard work you’ve put in!” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
She made it sound as though Qiao Lian had taken care of him a lot. 
Blushing, Qiao Lian started, “Mom.” 
“Eh! Let me tell you. We’ve decided to organize a grand wedding for you, what do you think?” 
Qiao Lian was rather overwhelmed and said, “Mom, that’s not really necessary. Given that we’ve been married for almost a year, inviting relatives and good friends to the wedding will be good enough.” 
Xia Yehua shook her head and said, “No way. You’ve planned a wedding for an old woman like me, so there’s no excuse for not having a grand one for yourself and Liangchuan! Besides, how many times can a woman have a wedding in her lifetime? Although this is my second one, I hope that you and Liangchuan will have only one. So there has to be a wedding, and a grand one.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Qiao Lian was about to say more, but Shen Liangchuan suddenly reached out and held her wrist, saying, “Fine, Mom, I’ll leave this matter in your hands then.” 
Immediately, Xia Yehua nodded and said, “No problem!” 
However Shen Zihao, who was standing by the side, said, “But which day do we choose? Do we have Big Brother and Sister-in-law’s wedding right after Mom’s?” 
Everyone fell silent upon hearing this. 
Xia Yehua frowned and said, “It’s best for a family to have no more than one wedding a year. I think maybe it’s best that we hold off Old Li’s and my wedding till the next year. Let’s have theirs this year!” 
Qiao Lian protested at once, “Mom, Uncle Li has waited so many years for you, you must not delay it anymore. We’re in no hurry for our wedding. Shen Liangchuan and I have been together a long time.” 
Shaking her head, Xia Yehua insisted, “No way. You will have given birth next year, so you won’t be in the best of health condition. Besides, you’d be out of shape. Are you going to have a wedding carrying a six-month-old baby in your arma?! I can wait, but you can’t.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
As everyone started to interrupt with their opinion, Shen Liangchuan suddenly suggested, “Why don’t we have our weddings on the same day? Can’t we do that?” 
Xia Yehua fell silent for a moment. 
Shen Zihao immediately nodded in agreement. “That’s right, this is a great idea. Since we’re marrying off our Mom, who has looked after us for so many years, we have to make it up by bringing in a sister-in-law. Otherwise we’d be short of a person in the family.” 
A silence. 
That tone of reluctance… It was as though Xia Yehua was his precious daughter. 
Xia Yehua glanced at Li Mao hesitantly and saw that he made no ion. Then her gaze shifted to Qiao Lian. 
After all, it was her wedding. Would she be willing to share the limelight with someone else
Obviously, she had underestimated the girl. 
Qiao Lian exclaimed with excitement, “This is great! First, we wouldn’t have to book another venue. Mom already has one! Besides, we’d only need to invite the guests once and we’ll get two shares of presents.” 
No one seemed to have any ions. 
Hence, with everyone still dizzy from the turn of events, the wedding plans were finalized. 
The event was to take place in two weeks. 
During that time, Shen Liangchuan started to take up his role in the Shen family enterprise. 
On a particular day after work, when he was just getting ready to leave for home to pick up Qiao Lian for the wedding photoshoot, he suddenly got a call from the Senior Master. The Senior Master summoned him to the main home, saying that there was something he wanted to discuss.
###Chapter 1310: The Wedding (5) 
Upon arrival at the old home, Shen Liangchuan found the Senior Master practicing t’ai chi in the courtyard. 
As he had been very busy lately, Shen Liangchuan had not visited the old man for a while. 
Now that he saw the Senior Master, he realized that his grandfather’s hair had turned completely white. 
Even though the old man’s complexion didn’t seem very much out of the ordinary, it did look like his body was weakening. 
Likelihood was that Shen Xiu’s death had taken a big toll on him. 
The young man sighed. 
Although he had not spent a lot of time with his grandfather as he was growing up, the fact was that every time he visited the old man, he would show great fondness for him. 
And although the Senior Master had not intervened when Shen Xiu kicked his mother and him out of the family, it would be a lie to say that Shen Liangchuan had no affection for the man. 
Seeing that his grandfather was still exercising, he walked towards the coffee table by the side and picked up a tea cup. 
Once the old man finished his set of moves, Shen Liangchuan walked up without a word and handed him the tea. 
The old man paused as he looked at the tea cup. 
He reached out for the drink. Looking at Shen Liangchuan and pointing to the bench by the side of the courtyard, he said, “Take a seat.” 
Shen Liangchuan walked over and sat down. 
The Senior Master sat next to him and started unhurriedly, “I’ve always believed that a leader needs to be cold and unemotional. When your father kicked you out, I knew but I did not intervene. The reason was firstly to allow that experience to shape you. Secondly, I felt that your father had always felt inadequate and lacked confidence next to you. And I wondered if he would grow to be more responsible without you around, so I did not interfere in this matter.” 
“But now that he has died, I suddenly realize I actually do care for him. Sometimes, being alive is far more important than being capable.” 
“I’m beginning to even wonder if I had made a mistake. I had always felt that your father had a lot of time still. I thought that once the both of you had reconciled, he’d realize your capability and would come to accept you. But sigh… life is unpredictable!” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded as he listened to the old man talking. 
The old man continued, “In recent years, your father became increasingly ridiculous. It was all because of Mei Feng’s instigation. That’s why there’s the saying that if one were to take a wife, then it should be a virtuous wife. Choosing a wife is extremely important.” 
Shen Liangchuan was slightly surprised by his remark. The old man continued, “So have you given careful consideration to marrying this young caster?” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “Granddad, we are already married. This event is but a wedding.” 
Senior Master Shen waved his hand and continued, “I don’t really want to hear all that. As long as there was no wedding, a quiet divorce is always possible. My only question to you is, are you sure this woman is the one?” 
Without a moment of hesitation, the young man replied, “That is right.” 
The old man snorted coldly and made a gesture. Butler Cai walked up almost immediately with a document in his hand. 
Pointing to the document, he told Shen Liangchuan, “This is the document for the transfer of the company shares. If you’re willing to take a woman with a good family background instead, I will transfer my company shares to you. This will give you the official capacity to make decisions. But if you insist on marrying this girl, then I will treat you like your father, you will only have the management authority before I die, and no actual shares. You can take a day to think about and weigh the two options…”
###Chapter 1311: The Wedding (6) 
Before the old man could finish, Shen Liangchuan interrupted with a hand gesture and said, “Granddad, that’s not necessary, I have already thought it through.” 
Pointing at the document, he continued, “From my perspective, all these things added together are not half as important as her. I am certainly marrying her.” 
The Senior Master frowned and said, “And if I insist on stopping the wedding?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and replied, “Then I can only give up my duties as the Shen family enterprise’s CEO. In any case, the Shen family still has Zihao.” 
The Senior Master was flabbergasted. 
He waved his hand. Butler Cai retreated at this signal. 
The Senior Master cast his gaze down and said, “You get married then, I couldn’t care less about it. But… I do not like the girl, so don’t bring her when you visit.” 
Shen Liangchuan picked up his jacket and said, “Don’t worry, I wouldn’t want to put her in any difficult position.” 
Having said this, the young man walked towards the exit. After he had taken a few steps, he suddenly turned around and said, “Oh, that’s right, Granddad, since you do not like her, then we won’t send you a wedding invitation. I think you probably won’t want to witness my mother’s second marriage.” 
After saying this, he walked away. 
The Senior Master was flabbergasted. 
Of course he had no wish to witness that wedding. 
However when Shen Liangchuan had said he wasn’t going to send him an invitation, that had annoyed him to no end. 
Frowning indignantly, the old man thought to himself, “Who wants to go to your wedding?!” 
– 
After leaving the family home, Shen Liangchuan headed to the photo studio. 
On the way there, he picked up a call from Qiao Lian. “Where are you? Why aren’t you here yet?” 
Shen Liangchuan’s tone softened at once as he replied, “I’m arriving.” 
“Oh, have you seen what’s on the internet?” 
Shen Liangchuan asked, “What?” 
“Hahaha. I’m not sure who dug up all the dirt on King and exposed him. So it seems that King left country H’s national team not because he retired, but because he was booted out for breaking the club’s regulations. That was why he came to China to develop his career. And someone found out about the match we played in the bar, they actually figured out that Pad is King! They commented how shameless it was for a bunch of professional players to pick on a few students. And someone also added that King has a complicated private life, he had a few girlfriends or something. In any case, he’s receiving a lot of hate now.” . 
Shen Liangchuan honestly had no interest in King’s plight. But since she was so obviously gleeful, he naturally indulged her. “Uh-huh, and then?” 
She went on, “And then because of the bad reputation he got, SX Team had to disband. Now King won’t be able to get anywhere in China and it seems he has left, dejected. But he is still a celebrity gamer and even if he were to flee to another country, news has spread and he won’t have an easy time.” 
Laughing, Shen Liangchuan said, “Are you done?” 
“I’m done.” Qiao Lian said and continued, “Oh, Shen Liangchuan, our wedding. Are we having a Chinese wedding or a Western one? You’re being so secretive. What are you up to?” 
Upon hearing this, Shen Liangchuan reflexively massaged his temple with one hand. 
Looking straight ahead as the van drove along, a faint smile appeared on his face. 
He started, “I—” 
Before he could get past that first word, his pupils shrank back suddenly. Out of the blue, a little sedan had appeared. It headed straight at Shen Liangchuan’s van and crashed right into it.
###Chapter 1312: The Wedding (7) 
Shen Liangchuan’s pupils shrank back as he saw the oncoming driver suddenly veer to the opposite direction. The car skidded and rammed into the guardrail by the side of the road. 
But in Beijing city traffic was slow in general, hence at this point, the accident resulted in just a graze on the front of the car. Shen Liangchuan and the driver had suffered no injuries at all. 
On the contrary, it was that other car that had appeared all of a sudden, coming from the opposite direction, that had been hit by another car. It had hit and knocked down an electric pole. 
The accident had happened too suddenly, but eventually everyone got over the initial shock. The people were now pointing at the car that was going against traffic, talking to each other. 
Shen Liangchuan remained in the car, as his identity made it inconvenient for him to get out. He did not want to cause chaos, hence he sat in the car coldly observing the other car’s driver. It was Mei Feng. 
She was in the driver seat. Her car had knocked over the electric pole and the impact had thrown her forward, so her forehead had crashed into the windscreen. Now there was a big gaping wound on her forehead and it was bleeding. 
She got out of her car. In the sorry state that she was in, she glared fiercely at Shen Liangchuan’s vehicle. 
Shen Liangchuan looked at his chauffeur, who was in the driver seat, and said nothing more than, “Call the police.” 
The chauffeur nodded immediately and dialed 911. 
The traffic police arrived very shortly and they tried to take Mei Feng away to deal with her. 
However at this point, the chauffeur got out of the car and walked towards the traffic police. He pointed at Mei Feng and said, “We suspect this to be a premeditated murder attempt, so we’ve made a police report.” 
Mei Feng’s head snapped up when she heard this. 
Staring at Shen Liangchuan angrily, she said, “You want to sue me? Shen Liangchuan, what right do you have to sue me?” 
The man continued to sit in his car, he did not get out. 
However, Mei Feng’s words stunned the people who had gathered around. 
Everyone looked simultaneously at the van and inquired curiously: 
“Best Actor Shen?” 
“My god, is it Best Actor Shen in there?” 
“Is that Best Actor Shen in the car?” 
As everyone was whispering and wondering, Mei Feng started to raise her voice and shout, “Shen Liangchuan, I’m your stepmother! You can’t do this to me! The moment your father died, you kicked me out of the house. You unfilial son! I was with your father for more than ten years, and now you just kick me out like that? Shen Liangchuan, if you force me into a dead end, I won’t let you off either.” 
Everyone was stupefied when they heard what she said. 
Everyone knew that Shen Liangchuan was a Best Actor, but he was also the Shen family enterprise’s CEO. The people didn’t know the details of what had happened and they didn’t understand. 
But right now, it seemed like the things Mei Feng was saying would give them some juicy insights. 
Hence, everyone started to pay attention with a look of nosy curiosity and refused to go away. They wanted to listen to what Mei Feng had to say. 
At once, the situation had turned quite disadvantageous for Shen Liangchuan. 
It would take a bit of time before the police arrived. 
He couldn’t get out of the car either. After all, confronting and arguing in the streets with Mei Feng wasn’t something he could even bring himself to do. re? 
The chauffeur, on the other hand, was a man of few words and certainly couldn’t stand up to a verbal fight with her. 
Just as Mei Feng was getting an upper hand in the situation, a voice suddenly rang out, “Mei Feng, you’re nothing but a mistress, but you have the guts to create a din here?” 
The moment these words were spoken, the crowd spun around and saw Qiao Lian walking towards them. 
Mei Feng’s pupils shrank back as Qiao Lian walked up to her. She raised her finger at the latter and retorted fiercely, “Don’t you dare speak nonsense! What mistress? It’s your mother who is the mistress. She was kicked out of the Shen family without a cent to her name because she was caught having an affair with Li Mao and your father discovered it.”
###Chapter 1313: The Wedding (8) 
Those words triggered the clueless but nosy crowd at once. 
The people stared at them, interested, as this mysterious and puzzling situation unfolded. 
Qiao Lian smiled icily and said, “You are funny. My mother-in-law left the Shen family without taking a penny, and what then? To survive, Shen Liangchuan joined the entertainment industry. If my mother-in-law had really been with Uncle Li, why would Shen Liangchuan have needed to work so hard? Conversely, the moment my mother-in-law left, you couldn’t even wait to move into the Shen Family residence. Don’t think that people are stupid. Anyone who uses his brain will know who the mistress is!” 
Mei Feng’s pupils shrank back as she turned to look at the gathering crowd. Curling her fingers tightly into fists, she retorted, “There’s no point dwelling on the past. I’ve been married to your father for many years, what right have you got to target me like this the moment he dies?! This is too much!” 
Qiao Lian chortled. “I like your thinking. Target you like this? Look at this situation, who is being targeted?!” 
She pointed at Shen Liangchuan’s car and asked the woman, “Who caused this collision by driving against the traffic? Who is causing trouble?” 
Mei Feng answered, “If it weren’t for you people forcing me to a dead end, I wouldn’t be doing this!” 
Qiao Lian looked at the woman and shook her head. Turning to the crowd, she continued, “I really don’t know what she means by dead end. If it weren’t for us forcing you? So are you saying we should have deliberately lost the game to SX Team, to show that we weren’t forcing you? Should we have admitted that our Chinese professional teams are not as good as the teams from country H? The reason you established SX and employed the help of a foreign gamer was to defeat us and beat us. So what wrong have we done in winning the game?!” 
Among the crowd that had gathered, there were some who had watched the match. Besides, the recent scandals around King had spread far and wide, almost everyone knew about it. 
Hence when they heard that King had been scouted from country H by her, they were immediately infuriated. They turned to look at Mei Feng with great disdain in their eyes. 
Qiao Lian fixed her gaze on the woman as she continued, “After my father-in-law died, we kept our separate ways. It’s you who would frequently stir trouble! People are not fools, my father-in-law left a few of his companies to you upon his death and there was a significant amount of cash too. You yourself know best where you’ve spent all this money!” 
“On top of this, my father-in-law died of a stroke. The doctor already made clear that if he had been well taken care of and been given his medicine in time, this wouldn’t have happened. And what did you do?” 
“He died just next to you, but you claimed you were sleeping soundly. Is your conscience clear?” 
“So what right have you got to blame Shen Liangchuan? What right have you got to claim you’re a victim and try to kill Shen Liangchuan with your car?! We will make sure to press charges today and have the law deal with you.” 
Qiao Lian’s words were fair and righteous. She carried a great sense of justice as she stood there, saying these things with logic and reason. In addition to the matter concerning SX Team, the tables had now turned against Mei Feng. Everyone shifted their gaze onto the woman, staring at her with blame and disdain. 
In this instant, the police arrived as well and took Mei Feng under their control. 
The woman glared at Shen Liangchuan’s vehicle and shouted angrily before she was taken away, “Shen Liangchuan, I curse you! You will never find happiness in your life! Hahaha. You killed your friend Soul Fighter, so why should you continue to live so freely?!” 
“Shen Liangchuan, even if I go to jail, I will curse you every day from my cell so that you’ll feel that you’re better off dead! I’ll curse you till you lose sleep, I’ll make sure you’re continuously haunted by nightmares!”
###Chapter 1314: The Wedding (9) 
In the wedding photo studio. 
As Qiao Lian changed out of her clothes, Shen Liangchuan was holding his cell phone and making a call to Song Cheng. With an icy voice he instructed, “Get the best lawyer. We’ll ensure that the woman never sees the light of day again.” 
“Roger, Brother Shen. I’m on the case so don’t worry! Stop thinking about it now, get changed and make sure you get loads of beautiful pictures.” 
At these words, Shen Liangchuan’s expression softened and he nodded. “Okay, I’ll leave it to you then.” 
He sighed as he hung up. 
Just at this moment, Qiao Lian walked out of the changing room. 
She had changed into a white gown with a train. Her exquisite skin tone matched the dress perfectly, and her beauty would easily stun any onlooker. 
Shen Liangchuan’s eyes lit up at once. 
As she was pregnant, Qiao Lian had chosen to go bare-faced without makeup. But even then, her peaceful expression made her look surreal, like a graceful immortal in her wedding gown. 
She nervously fussed with her gown and looked at Shen Liangchuan, asking him, “Will I look too pale without makeup?” 
Staring at her, he shook his head. 
She smiled immediately. 
She walked in circles around the room, her veil floating around her. She was a picture of pure beauty. 
When the photographer saw the couple from outside the doorway, he was so compelled by her beauty that he picked up his camera and started to snap pictures of this scene. 
In the picture, the setting sun had infused the room in a warm and reddish glow. 
The man sat elegantly on the sofa in his black suit, gazing at his bride before him. Obviously, he doted on her. 
The woman was smiling happily in her white wedding gown. 
The joy of that moment was a memory worth capturing. 
– 
Because of her pregnancy, they did not take too many pictures. The few they took were to use during the wedding. 
Shen Liangchuan’s intention was to take her to a seaside resort for their honeymoon, after the child had been delivered. He would arrange for another photo shoot then. 
Qiao Lian made no ions to this. 
It was dark by the time they got back to the Shen villa. 
Xia Yehua was waiting for them at home. 
The family had dinner together, after which Shen Liangchuan hustled Shen Zihao into the study upstairs, to discuss the details of the wedding event. 
Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan exchanged a look. 
Qiao Lian pointed upstairs and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Xia Nuannuan laughed and said, “Big Brother said that he wanted to give you a special wedding, so he got quite a number of planners to work on it. But it seems he’s not satisfied with their work so far, so now he’s got Shen Zihao to help him with the planning.” 
A special wedding
Qiao Lian’s eyes lit up and, suddenly, she found herself excitedly anticipating the event. 
It wasn’t until 11 p.m. that Shen Liangchuan returned to his own bedroom with a sheepish look on his face. When Qiao Lian saw him, she immediately went up to him and asked, “What were you guys discussing?” 
Shen Liangchuan glanced at her and asked, “You really want to know?” 
Qiao Lian nodded. 
He stretched his hand out towards her. She immediately leaned over and paid close attention. The next thing she heard him say was, “It’s a secret.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Shen Liangchuan laughed as he got onto his feet and headed into the bathroom, much to her annoyance. 
Hence, after Shen Liangchuan had come out of the bathroom, he saw Qiao Lian lying alluringly on the bed. She made a provocative gesture. 
As Shen Liangchuan walked over, she asked teasingly, “Do you want it?” 
Shen Liangchuan’s eyes darkened at once. 
Then she said, “You’re not getting it.” 
Shen Liangchuan: …! 
– 
Very soon, the day of the wedding came. Right from early in the morning, there was a lot of hustle and bustle in the Shen villa.
###Chapter 1315: The Wedding (10) 
Because Qiao Lian did not have her own apartment in Beijing, she checked into a hotel the night before the wedding. 
Since she had no relatives, Xia Nuannuan and Shi Nianyao accompanied her at the hotel. 
As Qiao Lian was pregnant and Xia Nuannuan wasn’t in the best of health, Shi Nianyao seemed to be the only person with a boundless reserve of energy. But still she was powerless against the incessant yawning of the other two girls, so she went to bed at 11 p.m. the night before. 
Early next morning, the three of them were woken up by the sound of someone knocking on the door. 
Shi Nianyao rolled over and buried her face in the blanket. She grumpily went back to sleep. 
Qiao Lian opened her eyes and looked around her, but her view was blurry. 
Seeing how these two were, Xia Nuannuan sighed and got up to open the door. 
This room that Shen Liangchuan had booked for them was in fact a suite with three bedrooms, but the three of them had ended up squeezing into one bed. 
Upon opening the door, Xia Nuannuan was greeted by a few people in uniforms. 
She ushered them to the living room and then went into the bedroom, yelling, “Lian Lian, hurry up and wake up. The makeup artist and stylist have arrived.” 
She looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Nianyao, wake up. You’re the bridesmaid, you’ve got to do your makeup too.” 
Rubbing her eyes as she sat up, Shi Nianyao gave a big yawn and replied, “Ok, ok.” 
After the three of them had gotten ready, the makeup artist and stylist walked into the room. 
As Qiao Lian was washing her face, she heard a loud exclamation outside, “Woah! This is too beautiful!” 
“Ahhhhhh, I want one too! It’s stunning!” 
When Qiao Lian heard these words, she paused and walked out of the bathroom. She saw Shi Nianyao and Xia Nuannuan staring at the wedding gown and making a huge fuss over it. 
She approached them with her toothbrush still stuck in her mouth and mumbled, “What about it?” 
Shi Nianyao held up the gown and turned around, saying to Qiao Lian, “Lian Lian, what an unbelievably beautiful wedding gown! Who designed this?” 
Qiao Lian glanced at the wedding gown and she froze. The next moment, she dashed into the bathroom and rinsed out her mouth. Then drying her hands, she walked out again. 
She stared at the gown. 
Xia Nuannuan took the gown and walked towards her, holding it up against her momentarily. She exclaimed, “My god, such a stunning gown. Why didn’t Big Brother even get you to try it on?” 
She bit her lip. 
Suddenly, she started to tear up. 
The wedding gown was beautifully designed. 
The train on the gown added dignity to the design, and the short front portion of the dress would show off her slender legs, making the whole look very attractive and adorable. 
Wasn’t this… Xiao Qiao’s wedding dress in the Lot game
One time, they had released a series of lovers’ matching skins for Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu, and the dress was very similar. 
Except that in the game, Xiao Qiao’s wedding dress had been a little revealing, whereas after some redesigning, this wedding gown was perfect for both her status and her physique. 
Staring at the gown, she suddenly recalled that Shen Liangchuan had mentioned he was going to give her a surprise. 
A surprise. 
This must be one
She grinned as she looked at the wedding gown, wondering what other surprises were in store for her. 
“Ms. Qiao, this is the breakfast that Mr. Shen asked us to bring to you. He’d like you to finish it before you do your makeup and change into your gown. This is because the lunch banquet may start quite late, he’s worried that you’ll get hungry.” 
This considerate and meticulous gesture on his part drew incessant praises from Xia Nuannuan and Shi Nianyao.
###Chapter 1316: The Wedding (11) 
Makeup started after breakfast. After everything was in order, Xia Nuannuan called out, “They’re coming, they’re coming! I can see that the wedding car has arrived.” 
Everyone got onto their feet upon hearing this, and they shut the door excitedly. 
Five minutes later, there was a knock on the door. 
Before Qiao Lian could speak, Shi Nianyao dashed up and shouted, “If you want me to open the door, hand over the red packets.” 
At once, two big red envelopes appeared through the crack under the door. 
Shi Nianyao raised an eyebrow and tossed one red envelope to Xia Nuannuan, while stuffing the other into her own bag. Then she continued watching the door. 
Shen Liangchuan spoke, “Xiao Qiao, open the door.” 
Qiao Lian stood up and was about to walk over to the door, when Shi Nianyao continued, “If you want us to open the door, sing a song for Lian Lian to proclaim your love.” 
Errr. 
Sing
Singing wasn’t something Shen Liangchuan did, not even when he had taken part in the talent show. 
They wondered how he would do at singing. 
As they were pondering, Shen Liangchuan asked, “What song do you want me to sing?” 
Shi Nianyao thought for a moment and said, “Sing ‘Marry You.’” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Qiao Lian paused for a while. Then she heard him sing. 
Shen Liangchuan’s voice was deep and very pleasant, but this song didn’t seem very suitable for his voice range. 
Hence, he had to change his key. 
By the time he was done singing, Xia Nuannuan and Shi Nianyao were laughing so much that they couldn’t straighten up. 
Shi Nianyao said, “How unexpected that the great Best Actor isn’t good at something! Hahaha.” 
Ignoring the remark, Shen Liangchuan said as though nothing had happened, “Will you open the door now?” 
Resting her chin on her knuckle as if deep in thought, Shi Nianyao said, “Let me think what else we want.” 
Shen Liangchuan replied immediately, “How about I give you Mo Xicheng? Will that open the door now?” 
Shi Nianyao was stumped. 
Those words were pure poison. 
Immediately, she stopped making things difficult and threw open the door, saying, “Best Actor Shen, come right in please!” 
Everyone was flabbergasted. 
The annoyed Qiao Lian pointed at Shi Nianyao and said, “Nianyao, you traitor, forgetting your friend the moment you see your lover. It’s all about the men! You caved in just like that!” 
Shi Nianyao’s gaze fell on the man in a black suit standing behind Shen Liangchuan. He had a flower pinned on his coat pocket. The obvious Best Man bad turned beet red. 
She stuck her tongue out at Mo Xicheng and then turned to look at Qiao Lian, saying, “Lian Lian, it’s not as though you’ve only just gotten to know me.” 
Qiao Lian was speechless. 
The moment Shen Liangchuan entered the room, he saw Qiao Lian standing there in all her beauty and radiance, grinning back at him. 
His eyes lit up at once. 
Quickly, he walked up to her. 
Just as he was about to sweep her up into his arms, Xia Nuannuan exclaimed, “Big Brother, you have to look for her shoes!” 
Stunned, Shen Liangchuan asked, “What do you mean look for shoes?” 
Laughing, Xia Nuannuan explained, “Lian Lian doesn’t have her shoes on. We hid her heels, you’ve got to look for them before you can take her away.” 
The man was stumped. 
His eyes wandered around the room. 
He walked over to the side cabinet, opened the doors and started searching. 
After a while, all he managed to find was one of the heels stuffed between the crack of two sofa seats. 
But where was the other shoe
Mystified, he continued looking. 
Behind him, Shen Zihao hooted. “Good grief, Big Brother, will your big task of taking a wife be thwarted by a shoe? Hahaha, the auspicious hour has arrived and you can’t find a shoe.” 
Frowning now, Shen Liangchuan looked at Qiao Lian and said helplessly, “Give me a hint.”
###Chapter 1317: The Wedding (12) 
On this request, Qiao Lian looked in the direction of the hanging chandelier. 
Shen Liangchuan looked up and studied the chandelier. Indeed, there seemed to be a dark shadow of something among the lights. 
This rendered everyone speechless. 
What an extreme location to hide a shoe! 
The man quickly stood up on the sofa and retrieved the shoe. 
Just as he was about to take Qiao Lian away after she had slipped her shoes on, Shi Nianyao came up to them again and said, “Hang on, don’t be in a hurry.” 
At these words, she pretended to make an apple appear and held it before the couple. 
“The both of you have to take a bite out of this together before we call it a done deal!” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Qiao Lian turned scarlet at once. 
It seemed like a tough act, having to bite the apple right in front of so many people. 
Looking at Shi Nianyao, she said, “Shouldn’t this be something for the bridal hazing instead?” 
With a mouth twitch, Shi Nianyao retorted, “Don’t think I don’t know how difficult it’s going to be for us to access your home tonight! So this apple has to be eaten now.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Shen Liangchuan, on the other hand, could only glance at Mo Xicheng and shake his head, saying, “Mo Xicheng, you and Shi Nianyao have made it really difficult for us today. Wait till the day you get married, I will repay you double.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao’s grip on the apple weakened and it almost fell on the floor. She looked at Mo Xicheng pleadingly. 
With a blank expression, the man sighed and said, “Since we’ve come to this, let’s go all the way then! Wouldn’t we be at a terrible disadvantage otherwise?” 
An implicit approval. Shi Nianyao was immediately excited and started laughing. She said, “Indeed, indeed. If you can’t complete this task, you’re not going anywhere!” 
Everyone started to nod in agreement. Having no choice, Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan could only oblige. 
The two of them put their hands behind their backs as Shi Nianyao held the apple up, swinging the fruit between the couple. 
Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan looked at each other in the eye and, the moment the apple swung to the middle, the two of them lunged forward together. 
Initially they had thought that like this, they would be able to secure the apple between their mouths and take a bit of it. 
But unexpectedly, at the critical moment, Shi Nianyao suddenly drew the apple upwards. 
Qiao Lian wanted to go back, but it was too late! 
On the other hand when Shen Liangchuan saw Qiao Lian lunging towards him, he realized that if he dodged out of the way, the situation would be quite embarrassing for Qiao Lian given that so many people were looking. 
Besides, looking at those luscious red lips, he had no desire to dodge anyway. So he kissed them! 
“Woah!” 
“Rawr.” 
“Encore!” 
Amidst the din created by the rest, Qiao Lian frantically steadied herself to regain balance. She shot Shi Nianyao a dirty look. 
The latter stuck out her tongue at Qiao Lian and put the apple away. She said, “Fine, fine. I’m just teasing you guys. Now the groom may take the bride with him. Our bride is running out of patience.” 
Qiao Lian blushed again at those words. 
Finally at this point, Shen Liangchuan scooped Qiao Lian up into his arms and made his way down with the entourage. 
Once they got downstairs, they stood there staring at the cars. 
Someone said aloud, “Traditionally, the bride should be escorted by her siblings into her car. Is there no one here from the bride’s family?” 
Qiao Lian’s expression darkened at this question. 
Qiao Yi was studying abroad. Because of bad timing, he had only taken his university entrance examination the day before. Hence, he would be only arriving tonight. 
So now…
###Chapter 1318: The Wedding (13) 
As everyone stood there pondering this, a voice suddenly said, “I’ll do it.” 
When Qiao Lian heard the voice, she froze and spun around. She saw Lu Nanze striding towards them. 
Her pupils shrank at once as she asked, “What are you doing here?” 
The man cast his gaze down—his eyes were glistening with an unfathomable expression. 
After a moment, he said, “Uh huh. I’m here to accompany you to the wedding venue.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
The man looked at Shen Liangchuan and said, “I grew up together with Qiao Lian, I’m like a big brother to her. So let me escort her in the bridal car today.” 
Upon hearing this, the groom glanced at his bride and, after a moment, nodded and gave his agreement. 
With this, Lu Nanze got into the front passenger seat. 
At the wedding ceremony, it should have been Qiao Lian’s father taking her hand and walking her down the aisle to Shen Liangchuan. Now Lu Nanze also shouldered this role. 
Very soon, the bridal car pulled up at the hotel. 
Outside the hotel, a group of reporters had already gathered. 
However, they had not been invited into the venue, as Shen Liangchuan had not intended to make this wedding a public affair. 
After getting out of their car, Shen Liangchuan and Qiao Lian posed for some pictures for the reporters outside the hotel entrance before walking into the hotel lobby. 
The long red carpet that paved the way on the floor added a joyous feeling to the occasion. i?d. o
Everyone who had turned up for this occasion brought with them their sincere blessings and good wishes. 
They were all close friends. 
Following the group’s lead, Qiao Lian was first ushered to the lounge to rest while she waited for the ceremony to officially start. 
But as she was waiting in the room, she suddenly heard footsteps approaching. 
She frowned and looked up. Then she saw the silhouette of a tall figure at the door. 
Her pupils shrank back at once as she froze momentarily. “Xiao Yi?” 
Qiao Yi smiled and nodded. He walked briskly into the room. 
He was in a suit, it made him look exceptionally tall. 
The young man looked at Qiao Lian and exclaimed, “Sis, I’m back!” 
She nodded but asked curiously, “But didn’t you say you’d only arrive tonight? So how did you get here this quickly?” 
Qiao Yi scratched his head and said, “Brother-in-law arranged for a helicopter to take me. I headed back here immediately after my entrance exams yesterday! Sis, your wedding is a lifetime event, how could I possibly miss it?” 
He got onto his feet at this point and took out a bankbook. He held it out to Qiao Lian and said, “Sis, this is my wedding gift to you.” 
Qiao Lian paused and lowered her head to look at the bankbook in her hand. She saw that it was a gift of 500 000. 
This sum of money may not be much to Shen Liangchuan, but when Qiao Yi had gone abroad, she had only given him 100 thousand. And to think that… 
She looked up at him in astonishment and asked, “Where did you get this much money?” 
Smiling broadly, Qiao Yi assured her, “Don’t worry, I’ve started a small business with a few friends. How could I come here without a wedding gift for my sister on her wedding day? I remember Dad once said that he’d prepare for you a huge dowry on the day you got married, that he’d drown his in-laws with money to ensure they treat you well. I don’t have that capability right now to drown brother-in-law with money, but I do believe that one day, I’ll be that unwavering support for you.” 
Qiao Lian nodded upon hearing these words. 
Suddenly, she was overwhelmed by emotions. 
As she pondered those precious words, they suddenly heard a commotion outside the room. 
Pausing for a moment, she then got onto her feet. Shi Nianyao dashed into the room and said, “Hurry, come with me. Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze are having an argument!”
###Chapter 1319: The Wedding (14) 
Having an argument
Lu Nanze had gotten into an argument with Shen Liangchuan at their wedding
Qiao Lian suddenly felt nervous. Could it be that Lu Nanze had still not accepted the facta and was now causing trouble again
With this thought, she stood up, hitched up her gown and walked towards the doorway. 
When she got to the doorway, she saw Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze in front, exchanging words in a low voice, apparently in some sort of disagreement. 
Fortunately the wedding ceremony had not started. Qiao Lian glanced at the people around, lowered her head and walked briskly to the two men. 
As she approached, she could hear them saying: 
“We can’t accept this money,” that was Shen Liangchuan speaking. 
Lu Nanze replied, “This is not for you, it’s for her.” 
“She’s my wife, and I’m saying we can’t accept it so that’s that.” 
Lu Nanze was unfazed. “This is my wedding gift to her, what right do you have?” 
The groom laughed icily. “Well then, Mr. Lu, who are you to give her this wedding gift?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
At this point, Qiao Lian had caught up with what was going on. She cleared her throat and squeezed her way through to the men. 
Then she said, “What’s going on?” 
Lu Nanze lowered his head and said unhurriedly, “I’ve got you a wedding gift, Mr. Shen here is refusing to accept it. This is hilarious, I’ve never heard of the groom’s family rejecting wedding gifts from the bride’s family.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Qiao Lian tugged at Shen Liangchuan and said, “It’s just some money. Let’s just accept it. The man doesn’t lack money anyway.” 
She knew Lu Nanze too well. 
He was as stubborn as an ox. 
If they didn’t accept it, today’s wedding event could end up being spoiled. 
As the thought ran through her mind, Shen Liangchuan frowned and said after a considerable pause, “It’s not just some money.” 
It wasn’t just some
How much was that then
A few million
The fact was that even if it was a few tens of millions, it was pocket change to people like them, what more a few million. Why was Shen Liangchuan being so picky today? The problem would be resolved if he just accepted it without making a fuss. 
She was going to speak again when Shen Liangchuan held something out to her. 
She glanced down at it and at once she was shocked. 
Because it wasn’t a few million dollars, nor was it a few tens of millions. It was a transfer of shares document. 
It was written on the document that Lu Nanze would transfer ten percent of the Lu family enterprise’s shares as a wedding gift to her. 
Ten percent! 
Currently, the Lu family enterprise’s estimated value on the market was a few billion. 
In other words, ten percent would amount to a few hundred million. 
That was a rather hefty wedding gift to say the least. 
Qiao Lian frowned and turned to Lu Nanze, asking for a clarification, “Second Brother, what do you mean by this?” 
The man looked at her for a while and then said, “You may think of it as the Lu family’s compensation to the Qiao family.” 
Qiao Lian lowered her head when she heard these words. 
There were no doubts about it, the Lu family had done wrong to the Qiao family. 
But these shares… 
She finally understood why Shen Liangchuan was declining them. 
If she accepted the gift, from that point on, it would create an inextricable relationship between herself and Lu Nanze. They would be the Lu family enterprise’s shareholders and Lu Nanze would have countless excuses to look for her, imposing himself into their lives. 
But honestly… 
The Lu family owed her this money. 
The Qiao family’s business at the time had been worth a few hundred million indeed. 
So from this perspective, these shares weren’t unreasonable. So should she accept this compensation
If she did that, then it was going to be hard to draw a clean line between them in the future. She would have preferred it a whole lot more if he had simply given her a check. 
At once, she found herself in a conundrum.
###Chapter 1320: The Wedding (15) 
Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze were both extremely stubborn people. If this matter didn’t get sorted out, they wouldn’t be able to get on with the wedding. 
Qiao Lian frowned and, as she was still trying to think of an out, Shen Liangchuan sighed deeply. 
She immediately understood that he was about to compromise. 
After all, this was their wedding. 
But she didn’t like that the man she loved had to compromise. 
Hence before Shen Liangchuan could say anything, she looked at Lu Nanze and said, “Fine, I will accept these shares.” 
Lu Nanze’s eyes lit up. However the next moment, Qiao Lian turned and signaled Qiao Yi. 
Qiao Yi walked towards her. Then she held out the document to Qiao Yi and turned to Lu Nanze, saying, “We, the Qiao family, accept this act of apology. The head of the Qiao family is Qiao Yi, not me. These shares belong to Qiao Yi.” 
Qiao Yi was stunned upon hearing these words and he immediately spoke, “Sis…” 
But in that same moment, he suddenly understood. Given this particular situation, he had no choice but to accept it. 
He lowered his head and looked at the amount written on the check, casting his gaze down. 
In the past, before his legs had recovered, he had depended on his elder sister to earn a living for the two of them. 
Now that his legs had recovered, he had in the first instance given his sister 500 000 as a wedding gift, but now in turn she gave him a few hundred million. 
A sister like this… How could he possibly fail her
He took the check in his hand and looked up, saying, “Fine, I will accept this check.” 
Having said this, Qiao Yi pocketed the check. 
At the same time, he told himself… 
Giving his sister happiness was not just about ensuring she had money. 
His gaze fell on the empty seat on the front row. 
Senior Master Shen had not come to the wedding. It was a clear signal to everyone that he didn’t like this commoner as his granddaughter-in-law. 
But… that was alright. 
Qiao Yi cast his gaze down. 
From now on, he would be his sister’s support. He was determined to work hard, so that his sister would become a woman with a good family background. 
There was a flash of determination and far-sighted wisdom in his eyes as he stood there, looking at the person before him. 
No one would have guessed that this young man in his twenties would one day achieve such a huge accomplishment, that he would build a business empire and become a legend in the industry. 
When the reporters would interview him and ask him what had inspired him, his answer would be: to protect someone he loved dearly. 
Later on, Senior Master Shen would live with one regret for the rest of his life. He would often tell Qiao Yi that the one thing in his life that he regretted the most was not that he had had a hopeless son, and it was not that he had done nothing when Shen Liangchuan and his mother had been kicked out of the Shen Family, but that he hadn’t attended Shen Liangchuan’s wedding. He had missed an important moment for his excellent granddaughter-in-law. 
Of course, these are stories that would come much later. 
Right now, Qiao Lian’s remark made Lu Nanze’s expression change immediately. 
But Qiao Lian did not look at him again. Instead, she had turned to Shen Liangchuan and asked, “Is the wedding ceremony about to start?” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. 
She did not speak further. She turned and headed back into her lounge. 
Lu Nanze stood on the spot as he stared at her figue. Then his lips turned upwards into a self-mocking smile. 
It was only after Qiao Lian had walked into her lounge that he took in a deep breath. 
Shen Liangchuan, on the other hand, lowered his gaze as he invited the man, “Mr. Lu, please take your seat.” 
Everyone who had turned up was a guest, of course he was polite with them. 
Lu Nanze frowned as he nodded. At this same time, a quiet, shy voice sounded behind Lu Nanze, “Hub- hubby.”
###Chapter 1321: The Wedding (16) 
Lu Nanze paused upon hearing this voice. 
He turned around to look at the person standing behind him now. Her small face had a quiet air about it, and she looked not much more than about eighteen. 
She was wearing a conservative purple gown that seemed a little mature for her age. 
Like a child secretly trying on an adult’s dress. 
When Lu Nanze saw it was her, he frowned as a reflex. 
This was Qiao Yiyi, the girl who shared the same name as the other Qiao Yiyi. She was still in college this year, and she was a bright and obedient girl albeit somewhat timid and uncertain. 
Even as her husband was eagerly vying for another woman’s attention, she seemed rather nervous. 
To put it quite frankly, she was in many ways a little unpresentable. 
Not that Lu Nanze cared. 
As long as this woman was able to ensure his family line, he was fine with it. 
At least, this woman was clean… at least. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes as he looked at her. 
Among the many Qiao Yiyi’s, he had picked her at first glance. This had been because her eyes somewhat resembled Qiao Lian’s. 
They were clear and bright. 
However, while such a pair of eyes were dazzling and projected hope on a spirited person like Qiao Lian, on this lifeless and dull girl they seem to lack that sparkle. 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and nodded. Then he turned to glance at the lounge. 
He led Qiao Yiyi to their designated seats, but before they got there, he halted and pulled a pendant out of his pocket. Holding the out to Qiao Yiyi, he said, “Go to the bride’s lounge and give this to her. Just tell her that it’s my wedding gift.” 
Immediately, Qiao Yiyi took the pendant with both hands, in a respectful manner. She nodded. eα. 
With that, she headed towards the lounge. 
On her way there, however, she heard a few snide remarks. 
“Oh, look at that timid girl. She’s quite ugly, isn’t she?!” 
“She doesn’t have a good figure either. I don’t get it. Why did Lu Nanze even pick her?” 
“Exactly. And also did you see it? Just now when Mr. Lu was trying to flirt with Ms. Qiao, she didn’t even react. Do you think she’s not quite in her right mind?” 
“What do you know? Everybody knows that she only managed to marry Lu Nanze because her name is Qiao Yiyi. Otherwise how could she have possibly gotten a man like Mr. Lu? So what can I say, really?” 
With a word here and there, those people completely ignored her presence. And even when she turned to look at them, they continued their conversation without caring. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes flashed for a moment as she listened to them. Without saying anything, she continued to walk ahead. 
At this point, a waiter who was carrying a tray with glasses of red wine on it walked past her. 
She suddenly stretched her leg out to make the waitress trip. 
At once, the tray shook and the glasses of wine flew away, landing directly on the group of gossipy women. 
In that moment, cries of alarm came from their direction. 
The red wine had rained on them, so there were now ugly red patches on their gowns. 
However, Qiao Yiyi had a petite frame so she was able to nimbly squeeze her way out. 
The women berated the waiter. “What on earth is wrong with you?” 
The waiter immediately apologized. “I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry. I felt someone trip me.” 
But when he turned around, there was no one there. 
Ignoring the commotion behind her, she almost skipped her way to the lounge. 
At the door, she twitched her mouth as a reflex and knocked on the door. 
“Come in.” Given the permission to enter now, Qiao Yiyi pushed open the room door and walked in. As she did so, she saw Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan laughing, apparently over something they were talking about.
###Chapter 1322: The Wedding (17) 
Qiao Yiyi stood near the doorway, looking extremely reserved. 
Qiao Lian paused in surprise when she saw the girl. As she was puzzling over who the girl might be, someone introduced her, “This is Lu Nanze’s wife, Qiao Yiyi.” 
A sudden look of realization crossed her face. 
She quickly got onto her feet, walked over to Qiao Yiyi and asked, “Why are you here? Do you want to take a seat?” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Qiao Lian for some time and then suddenly hung her head, saying, “No, no, I- I just came to see you.” 
Qiao Lian smiled in a very friendly manner and said, “You’re here to see me? So now you’ve seen me!” 
The girl nodded and squeezed the pendant in her hand tightly. Nodding again, she said, “Yes, indeed.” 
Qiao Lian looked at her in silence and, after a while, asked, “And is there something you wish to say to me?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked back at her and then shifted her gaze over to Xia Nuannuan, Shi Nianyao and the rest who were behind her. The girl said, “No, I’m just here to see you. I’ll… go then.” 
Qiao Lian was mystified, but nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi slowly made her way back out. 
Then she turned around and looked at Qiao Lian again. 
Qiao Lian was still looking at her with a serious expression on her face. n?e?. o
Qiao Yiyi smiled shyly at her and walked away. 
When she left the lounge, Qiao Yiyi immediately lowered her gaze and tried to hide the mixed emotions in her eyes, before she continued her way. 
She hadn’t gone far when she suddenly heard someone in front saying, “What sort of background does this Qiao Lian have? To have Mr. Lu give her such a wedding gift and to be marrying Best Actor Shen.” 
“Who knows? I think she’s a vixen.” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and walked past these people, acting as though she had not heard a thing. 
Except that after she had walked some distance, she halted and turned back to look in the direction of the lounge. 
She clearly understood the situation. Lu Nanze was obviously the one pestering Qiao Lian to no end. What had Qiao Lian got to do with it
She looked down at the pendant in her hand. Then she turned back, clutching the tightly in her palm. She quickened her pace as she walked back to Lu Nanze. 
When Lu Nanze saw that she had returned, he tried to look nonchalant as he asked, “How was it?” 
Qiao Yiyi passed the pendant back to him with her head lowered. 
Lu Nanze was stunned and looked up. “Why? She didn’t accept it?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
He frowned and said, “You can’t even carry out a simple task as instructed!” 
She continued to look down without saying a word, seeming extremely inarticulate. 
Seeing that getting mad at her or berating her wasn’t going to get him anywhere, he had no option but to seethe inside. 
But he was also relieved, on the other hand. 
From the start, he had wanted an obedient wife. Hence her dullness did fit his idea. 
Lu Nanze lowered his head at this thought, trying to hide the discomfort he was feeling. 
The fact was he knew what he was doing was wrong. 
Obviously the couple had made up, so he was only making unwanted advances and creating trouble. 
He had even thought that if Shen Liangchuan saw this pendant, he would surely feel some unhappiness. Lu Nanze would be happy with just creating tension between the couple. 
But as he looked at the pendant and thought about the fact that Qiao Lian had rejected it, he suddenly regretted his actions. 
If only he hadn’t tried to give her a gift. 
Now he was quite sure that Qiao Lian could see what he was up to, that she thought less of him for it.
###Chapter 1323: The Wedding (18) 
In the lounge. 
Qiao Lian sighed as she stared at the frail disappearing figure. “I just have a gut feeling that this girl isn’t as dull as she appears to be. There’s a sparkle and flame in her eyes. She seems very lively.” 
Shi Nianyao laughed at Qiao Lian’s remark and said, “Exactly. Don’t be fooled by this girl’s outward appearance!” 
Surprised, Qiao Lian asked, “What makes you say that?” 
Shi Nianyao started laughing and related the incident that had just taken place outside. 
Qiao Lian was astonished upon hearing this. “So this time, Lu Nanze has gotten himself entangled with quite a character!” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
Shaking her head, Qiao Lian continued, “If that’s the case, I don’t suppose Second Brother won’t have much time in the future to come looking for me, which would be a good thing in reality.” 
As they nodded in agreement, suddenly they heard a voice yelling outside, “The time has arrived!” 
Immediately, the three women got onto their feet. Qiao Lian straightened her wedding gown and touched up her makeup. Once Xia Nuannuan and Shi Nianyao thought she was ready to go, she headed out of the room. 
Just outside the room, Qiao Yi was already waiting. 
When he saw Qiao Lian walking out, he held out his hand towards her at once with an elegant motion. 
Staring from not far away, Lu Nanze found this an annoying eyesore. 
Initially, he had been going to be the one holding her hand and giving her away to Shen Liangchuan, but now… 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down. 
Qiao Yi was now holding Qiao Lian’s hand, and Shi Nianyao, as the bridesmaid, walked by her side. 
They stepped on the red carpet and then, one step at a time, walked towards the stage. 
Shen Liangchuan smiled when he saw her. He walked down from the stage. 
The couple met in the middle of the long red carpet. 
Qiao Yi took his place in front of Shen Liangchuan now. 
His heart, mind and soul were, in this moment, all focused on Qiao Lian. His eyes did not leave her for even one second. She was melting down by the way his eyes were fixed on her. 
She lowered her head shyly, as Shen Liangchuan held his hand out towards them. 
Qiao Yi looked at the man. After a while, he took Qiao Lian’s hand and placed it into Shen Liangchuan’s. 
Shen Liangchuan had now taken the bride’s hand, but Qiao Yi did not let go. 
Both Shen Liangchuan and Qiao Lian were slightly surprised and turned to look at Qiao Yi. 
They saw that his eyes had reddened. 
He looked at Qiao Lian and then at Shen Liangchuan before he started, “Brother-in-law, today, I represent my father in handing my sister over to you.” 
Shen Liangchuan paused and nodded. 
Qiao Yi bit his lip and continued, “My dad always said something when we were young, something which I would like to tell you today.” 
Shen Liangchuan said, “Please go ahead.” 
Looking at Qiao Lian, he said, “My sister is emotional and impulsive. She was spoiled by Dad from a young age, so she has a bad temper. But to everyone in the Qiao family, my sister is the most beautiful princess in the world. All of us hoped that she would always be happy and healthy. Hence, Brother-in-law, from now on you will have to tolerate her tantrums, love her, cherish her, and if she has any inadequacies, don’t take it up with her. You can come and talk to me… and I will represent my father in educating her.” 
As the boy spoke, his eyes turned redder. 
Qiao Lian was already crying. 
Dad Qiao had been exceptionally doting on her since childhood. 
As a child, she had been a mischievous kid. 
Yet today, she was a married woman. 
But her parents, who had doted on her, would never see this moment.
###Chapter 1324: The Wedding (19) 
Looking at the two crying siblings, Shen Liangchuan’s expression turned serious. 
He looked at Qiao Yi and said, “I am giving you and our late Dad my word today. All my life, I will be true to her. I will not let her down.” 
These words fell with great weight. 
He then turned to look at Qiao Lian. 
Qiao Yi nodded and took a step backward. Shen Liangchuan supported Qiao Lian by her hand as, one step at a time, they walked onto the stage. 
After the young couple had taken their place on the stage, it was time for Xia Yehua to walk down the red carpet for the second time in her life. With Li Mao taking her hand, the second couple took their place on stage. 
It was Shen Zihao who gave his mother away to Li Mao. 
The two married couples stood on the stage as the emcee hosted the occasion. 
They had chosen touching background music to accompany Xia Yehua and Li Mao’s story. 
A photo storyline of the two of them appeared on the big screen. There was also a video. 
The video was a collection of well wishes from the couple’s good friends. 
The guests applauded as they watched the video with good wishes, showing support towards the couple’s late-blooming romance. 
Xia Yehua was moved to tears, whereas Li Mao grinned broadly, looking much like a fool rather than the sharp businessman that he normally was. 
Finally Xia Yehua spoke, “We are both old and it’s not our first wedding. The stars today are actually my son and daughter-in-law. I am fortunate to be sharing this joyous occasion with my daughter-in-law. I don’t think it’s an experience most of you will have, hahaha. So now I, the old folk, will take a step back while I hand the spotlight over to them.” 
With this, she hitched up her long gown and walked down from the stage with Li Mao. 
Now there were only Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan on the stage. 
The moment Xia Yehua left the stage, Qiao Lian found herself at a loss. Seeing that Shen Liangchuan was silent, she realized this was a part of the plan. 
She understood Xia Yehua’s intentions. 
After the gossip news had created a storm on the internet, she now wanted a low profile wedding. She didn’t wish to make the headlines again. 
She had even wanted to just get the marriage certificate without a wedding ceremony. She had only agreed to the joint event only after much persuasion by Qiao Lian and Xia Nuannuan. 
But she was so quiet about it that one would have not noticed her involvement. 
Of course, Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan could not force her. 
Hence after the older couple had gone off stage, only Qiao Lian and Shen Liangchuan were left standing there. 
Looking at the both of them, the emcee said, “There is in fact a story behind the two of them. Everyone, please watch the big screen.” 
Qiao Lian raised her head curiously to look at the screen, wondering what sort of video Shen Liangchuan had put together. 
Unexpectedly, what flashed on the screen was… 
An advertisement. 
It was the Lot advertisement that she had filmed. 
It was Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu’s advertisement! 
This advertisement had never been released after filming, so Qiao Lian had thought that they had canceled it. Never in her imagination would she have thought that it would make its debut broadcast here and now. 
After filming the advertisement, she had not seen the final product and now… 
The first scene was the first meeting between Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu. This was followed by scenes of their subsequent meetings, till at the end, they were fighting back-to-back on the battlefield.
###Chapter 1325: The Wedding (20) 
It was a little different from the couple’s actual history, but the point was to create a certain effect in the game and to add a fairytale element to their story. 
Hence, this advertisement had been an exceptionally romantic production. 
There was the canyon scene from the game, where Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu stood together at the edge of the cliff looking over the great expanse of river and mountains. 
And there was the scene where they danced together in their lovers’ matching skins. 
Till the final scene of Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu in their wedding outfits. 
Qiao Lian was stunned, as she realized that someone had superimposed real images of them onto the animated scene. 
The image transitions were seamless. 
After this scene was played, Shen Liangchuan took a step back. Looking straight at Qiao Lian, he slowly got down on a bent knee. 
Like magic, he took out a bouquet of red roses. 
And even this bouquet was styled similarly to the one that Xiao Qiao carried for her wedding in the game! 
Raising the bouquet and his gaze towards her, he said, “Xiao Qiao, we met and got to know each other in this game. And I hope that, like the two characters in the game, we will always rely on each other as we go through this journey. So will you please marry me?” 
Will you marry me
It was a phrase everyone was well familiar with. 
And it wasn’t even the first time that Shen Liangchuan was proposing to Qiao Lian. 
Previously, after the eSports tournament had ended, he had proposed once. 
But this time… 
Qiao Lian was moved in a different way. 
With her head slightly tilted and looking at the man on a bent knee, she suddenly pursed her lips and laughed. 
In an instant, her vision blurred as the memories of their past flashed through her mind, scene after scene. 
Her persistently clueless behavior, her stubbornness, her repeated attempts to slay him in the game. 
Eventually, she would run after him calling out Zi Chuan, Zi Chuan. 
And later on, when she got better, she would take on the world together with him. 
Right up to the time they played a couple’s match. 
Shen Liangchuan had asked her, “Xiao Qiao, shall we team up?” 
Then they became a couple in the game when she confessed and he accepted. 
Finally, it had moved to real life. 
She remembered the first time she saw him, she had been at the lowest point in her life. 
She had seen him in entertainment programs, motivated by his proactive attitude towards life regardless of his situation. 
From then onwards, she had never looked back and had become Shen Liangchuan’s loyal fan girl. 
One fine day, like a meat pie that had rained down and fallen right into her lap, she had married her male idol. 
Even if later on she had found out that the marriage was nowhere as simple and innocent as she had first thought. 
But after jumping through all the hoops and going around in circles, they had found themselves back at square one. 
At this thought, Qiao Lian buried her face in her hands as she teared up. 
She took in a deep breath and heard the guests below the stage chanting, “Marry him, marry him!” 
She lowered her head and looked at Shen Liangchuan. After a moment, she extended her hand and accepted the bouquet from him. 
Among all the roses in the bouquet, there was a diamond ring placed on the tallest stalk.
###Chapter 1326: The Wedding (21) 
Shen Liangchuan got back onto his feet and took the diamond ring from the rose. He slipped it into her finger. 
In the instant their fingers intertwined, it was as though nothing would ever separate them again. 
– 
The wedding ceremony came to an end, it was time for the toasts. 
Qiao Lian followed Xia Nuannuan and Shi Nianyao as they headed to the lounge. 
She had to change into her ceremonial dress to attend the toast with Shen Liangchuan. 
During the wedding ceremony, she had worn a wedding gown, so the ceremonial dress was a traditional Chinese wedding dress. 
When the luxurious traditional wedding dress was unveiled, it caused a sudden commotion in the room. 
“It’s exquisite!” Shi Nianyao exclaimed at once. 
She took a step forward to examine the wedding dress. “It’s simply breathtaking! Qiao Lian! Did Best Actor Shen have this wedding dress specially designed and tailored for you?” 
Qiao Lian smiled upon seeing the dress. 
It was certainly a wedding dress beyond imagination. 
With the help of the stylist, she put on the dress and had her hair simply re-done. 
Once everything was ready, they walked out of the room. 
At the same time, Shen Liangchuan had also gone to the room next door to change. 
Although he had short hair, because of his good looks, it didn’t look strange at all when he wore the traditional wedding outfit. 
The traditional Chinese wedding outfit matched the joyous and celebratory feeling of the occasion. 
When the two of them, in their dragon and phoenix dresses stood next to each other, they looked beautiful. 
Hand-in-hand, they made their toasts. After this, they took their places at the banquet table and started their meal. 
Shen Liangchuan sat next to Qiao Lian. After a while, his cell phone vibrated. He looked down at the screen and then glanced at Qiao Lian. Seeing that she was almost done eating and was just taking small bites of dessert now, he spoke, “Xiao Qiao.” 
She looked at him questioningly. 
He grinned at her and extended his hand towards her, saying, “Come with me.” 
Stumped for a moment, she asked, “Right now?” 
He nodded. 
She swept her gaze over all of their friends and relatives that were around, but she suddenly felt that today belonged to her and Shen Liangchuan. So really, what did it matter that she abandoned these people and ran away with Shen Liangchuan
She was silent for a moment and then suddenly reached for his hand. 
Taking firm hold of her hand, he led her out of the banquet venue. 
On the way out, they ran into Lu Nanze. 
He asked, “Where are you two going?” 
Shen Liangchuan’s answer was curt, “What has that got to do with you?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Without another word, Shen Liangchuan headed out with Qiao Lian in tow. 
Soon, Shen Zihao came up to them and said, “Brother, I knew you had something planned! That’s a bit much! It’s Mom’s wedding today too, where are you off to?” 
Shen Liangchuan patted the man on the shoulder and said, “I’ll leave Mom in your good hands! All the best.” 
Shen Zihao: … 
Having sorted this out with Shen Zihao, Shen Liangchuan did not stop to talk to anyone else, but quickly led Qiao Lian to the parking. 
Still in their traditional wedding outfits, they got into their van that was already waiting for them. 
The car started up and sped off to the suburbs. 
Qiao Lian looked out of the window, noting that the vehicle was cruising further and further out. Then they reached the expressway and left Beijing behind them, as they drove into the night. 
Qiao Lian was stunned. They were obviously getting out of the city. 
Could it be that Shen Liangchuan was taking them on their honeymoon
Curiosity drove her to ask, “Where exactly are we going?” 
To which he answered, “You’ll find out when we get there.”
###Chapter 1327: The End 
Three hours later. 
The car pulled up at a seaside villa at Qinhuangdao. 
Because this was a private villa, the beach in front of it was empty. They got out of the car. Qiao Lian stared at the scenery before her and smiled at once. “Did you bring me here to look at the sea?” 
Shen Liangchuan laughed and replied, “It’s our wedding day. It’s too noisy at home. We’ll spend our first night as husband and wife here.” 
Qiao Lian blushed at once and said, “Oh.” 
She looked into the distance, feeling the sea breeze on her face and listening to the sound of the waves crashing onto the shore. She turned back to look at Shen Liangchuan. 
Smiling at her, he said, “I have one last gift for you.” 
She asked curiously, “What is it?” 
He picked up his cell phone and held it out to her. 
Knitting her brow, she looked down at the screen. He continued, “Go to the Lot game.” inne?. co
As instructed by him, she took out the app. 
He continued saying, “Click on the Xiao Qiao character.” 
Pausing for a moment, she looked for the champion’s icon and opened it. 
She took a glance at it before looking up and saying, “What about it? I’ve now opened—” 
Before she could finish her sentence, she suddenly stopped short. “Eh? Why is there an additional skin for Xiao Qiao?” 
She pressed on it again. The next moment, she was completely stunned. 
Because that additional skin for Xiao Qiao was actually a red wedding dress. 
Ever since this Lot game had been established, everyone had wanted the couples in the game to have matching lovers’ skins. 
Xiao Qiao and Zhou Yu were without a doubt the couple that has the most skins. 
And they were also the most popular champions selected by players. 
Today, she discovered that the game developers had designed a set of skins for the both of them. And furthermore, the style of these skins would belong exclusively to them. They would not be put on sale or made available to others. 
In other words, the game developers were using these skins to commemorate their wedding! 
The players in the game had all gone wild. 
And so had the whole of the internet. 
Everyone was now expressing their wish to have this set of skins. 
But the game developer had gritted their teeth and did not give in to the demand. However, it had resulted in a three-day trial period given today for the certain matches, or performed certain tasks. 
The game developer had expressed that this set of skins had been designed specially for Xiao Qiao and Zi Chuan. 
Qiao Lian stared at the wedding skins, and the public announcement, and felt a sudden surge of emotions within her. 
This certainly had taken her by surprise! And it was terribly romantic. 
For a long time, she stared at the wedding dress skin. Then she walked over and embraced Shen Liangchuan from behind. 
A light wind blew in their direction now. 
Their wedding outfits were entangled. 
Strands of Qiao Lian’s long hair also floated as they rode the wind. 
From afar, the view of the couple was like a Chinese ink painting. A painting that carried a sense of quietness and tranquility.
###Chapter 1328: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (1) 
The bride and groom had run away from their own wedding. 
Shen Zihao felt that this was simply inconceivable. 
What was supposed to have been Shen Liangchuan’s responsibility had now fallen on his own shoulders. 
Just as Shen Zihao was busy seeing the guests out, someone ran up to him suddenly and said, “Mr. Shen, your wife is feeling unwell!” 
Shen Zihao was immediately shaken when he heard this and dashed into the restroom. There he saw that Xia Nuannuan was crouching down and bending over, retching. He said anxiously, “Nuannuan, what’s wrong?” 
When he saw how pale Xia Nuannuan was, he supported her and said in a frightened tone, “I’ll call the ambulance now! We’ll take you to the hospital!” 
Having said these words, he took the girl up in his arms and headed out of the building. 
The doctor had said that, even though Xia Nuannuan had regained consciousness, she may suffer from side effects. Could his wife be sick again
This realization caused him panic exceptionally more. 
But as he was running, Xia Nuannuan started yelling, “Eh, stop being so rash, I’m ok. Really, let me down!” 
He halted and shifted his gaze down, towards her. 
He saw that she had become even paler now. 
He hurriedly let her down. She dashed to a corner and started retching again. 
Shen Zihao stood next to her, feeling extremely nervous. “Nuannuan, what’s wrong with you exactly?” 
Xia Nuannuan waved and insisted, “I’m fine—” She retched again. 
Shen Zihao was worried to death. “Nuannuan, you—” 
At a loss for a suitable reaction, Xia Nuannuan waited till the wave of nausea passed. Then she straightened up to look at his anxious yet endearingly silly face. 
She couldn’t help laughing as she assured him, “I’m fine.” 
“Why were you throwing up then?” 
She answered, “Zihao, I’m possibly pregnant.” 
“…” 
Shen Zihao stared at her blankly for a good ten seconds before he realized the meaning of what she had just said. With a jolt, he asked, “Nuannuan, what was that you just said?” 
Without waiting for the girl to speak, he exclaimed, “I’m about to be a father?” 
Xia Nuannuan nodded. 
Shen Zihao was now in a daze. After a while, he jumped onto his feet. 
“What? I’m going to be a father!” 
“Mom, I’m going to be a father!” 
“Holy smoke! Mo Xicheng, I’m telling you, I’m going to be a father!” 
“Li Tianyu, get over here! Hurry up and prepare to give my child a red packet! And it better be a generous one.” 
“Big Brother… Hey, where’s my cell phone? I have to call him to tell him the good news!” 
“Hahaha! What a joyous day for our family this is!” 
Everyone was at a loss for words at the great news. 
The people around started to smile affectionately at his childlike excitement, which appeared quite silly for a grown man. 
At this point, most of the guests had left. 
The ones who had stayed behind were close friends. 
After the wedding, Xia Yehua was also leaving to start her life at the Li residence. 
Whereas Shen Zihao was now acting like he was waiting upon an empress, holding Xia Nuannuan and looking anxious, as though every step she took may affect the unborn child. 
Mo Xicheng shook his head just observing the man. 
But even his usually melancholic expression took on a joyful undertone. 
Shen Liangchuan had run away, Shen Zihao had lost his senses and couldn’t be trusted to do anything in this state. Hence, Mo Xicheng stepped in to play host temporarily and only got to relax once all the remaining guests had left. This was when he noticed Shi Nianyao standing there looking at him. His face lit up as he smiled at her.
###Chapter 1329: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (2) 
Shi Nianyao was thinking as she observed Mo Xicheng that he had been rather busy since they had gotten engaged. 
Initially, it had been because of his own work. Later on, it had been Shen Liangchuan’s wedding. 
And now that had finally come to an end. 
She felt as if she hadn’t seen him for a long time. As the best man and bridesmaid at the wedding, they had only been able to look at each other longingly from afar. 
Now finally, a chance to speak. 
She was overjoyed and looked at him for a moment, before she took a step towards him and circled her arms around her male idol. 
He reached out to tap her nose affectionately and asked in a low voice, “Did you have enough to eat today?” 
Nodding immediately, she said, “I’m stuffed! I won’t mistreat myself. Besides, the food today was really yummy!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Her ever optimistic expression naturally made him smile. 
Just as he was about to speak, his cell phone rang. 
He halted and looked down at the screen. It was his mother, Yao Lili. 
He frowned, but picked up the call nevertheless. Yao Lili sounded somewhat cold as she asked, “The wedding is over?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and replied, “Yes.” 
“Umm… And Shi Nianyao is next to you?” 
He answered, “That’s right.” 
“Fine, I want you to bring her home today.” 
Mo Xicheng paused and asked, “Mom, what’s up?” 
“Can’t I meet her for no reason? Or is it that she’s the Shi family’s precious daughter, so I can’t meet her? You’re already engaged, is there a problem for us to meet?” 
She was making things difficult. Mo Xicheng frowned and replied, “If that’s your attitude, I’m not bringing her home.” n?.＆nbsp;
On this note, he hung up the line. 
“What’s the matter?” Shi Nianyao asked in a low voice as she could sense his unhappiness. 
He did not reply, but pursed his lips. 
After a while, her cell phone vibrated. 
She looked down at the screen and then at Mo Xicheng. “Eh? Auntie has invited me to your house for a meal. She’s asked me to go home with you.” 
Mo Xicheng asked, “Do you feel like it?” 
Shi Nianyao thought for a while and replied, “I feel that there’s some sort of misunderstanding between Auntie and me. So I’ll go with you. We’re getting married sooner or later, so if we don’t start on the right foot, it’s just going to be troublesome afterwards.” 
Mo Xicheng thought about what she said and finally nodded. 
They got into the car and drove to Yao Lili’s villa. 
As they were on the way, Shi Nianyao anxiously contemplated what she was going to say to Yao Lili when they met. Just as she was lost in her own thoughts, she heard Mo Xicheng say, “Today’s wedding ceremony was deeply touching for me.” 
Shi Nianyao snapped out of her thoughts and said, “What was that?” 
Staring straight ahead, he said with a deadpan expression, “Shen Zihao is five years younger than me, but he’s going to be a father soon.” 
Shi Nianyao ventured, “… And so?” 
“So when would you be ready to marry me?” 
Shi Nianyao: … !! 
My idol, is that a proposal or something
But that was rather sudden, wasn’t it
As she said these words in her head, Mo Xicheng continued, “Uh huh, if we don’t fight for our happiness, we’re going to be left behind.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
She felt a burning sensation on her face as it turned a bright scarlet. She lowered her head. 
The car pulled to a stop. Then Mo Xicheng leaned towards her and asked, “Nianyao, what do you think?”
###Chapter 1330: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (3) 
The traffic lights shone in the background above them. 
Mo Xicheng had pulled the car to a stop. Now that he was leaning towards her, it was like an invisible force was bearing down on her. She couldn’t help but gulp. 
She looked at his handsome face with widened eyes and started to feel that the car was a little stuffy. As though there wasn’t enough oxygen and she was having difficulty breathing. 
What was it that her idol had just said
They had to fight for their happiness, otherwise they would fall behind
Fight for their happiness… how
This thought suddenly made her recall the words he had said prior to this. 
Shen Zihao was going to be a father. 
Shen Zihao was going to be a father! 
So they had to fight for their happiness and have a kid
She turned even redder now. 
Surely, there were things they had to do to have a kid. 
This man… How could he look so proper and yet say such things
She bit her lip and started to move back into her seat. She looked at him and tried to put some distance between them. But the car interior was tiny, how could she possibly escape his advancement
She thought that her face was going to catch fire. She was mumbling because she was shy and nervous, and she had no idea what to say. 
And his face was moving closer and closer… till at last, she could feel his hot breath against her face. 
Her heart was pounding wildly now, she was extremely nervous. She took a deep breath and gulped, unconsciously tilting her head to the side. 
But she could still feel the man’s hot breath on her skin. 
Then she heard his gentle voice call her name, “Nianyao.” 
She tensed up at once and managed to utter, “Huh?” 
She heard him ask, “May I… kiss you?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Why not?! 
Just do it. 
Now that he had asked a question, how was she going to answer it?nr?d. 
If she said yes, it would make her look as though she couldn’t wait. Her mom had taught her from a young age that girls had to play hard to get. 
But if she said no
That would just be shooting herself in the foot. 
As she struggled with an answer, she saw Mo Xicheng slowly lowering his head, until at last, a pair of warm and soft lips touched hers. 
Those lips were so gentle that they melted her heart. But the next moment, they suddenly heard the car behind honk. 
Shi Nianyao immediately snapped out of her daze and reached out to push Mo Xicheng away. Then she saw that the traffic light had changed and the line of cars in front of them earlier had disappeared, leaving them the only vehicle in the way of traffic. 
By the time both of them were fully conscious of what was happening around them, someone was already knocking on their car window. 
They turned around simultaneously and saw a man glaring at them impatiently through the car window. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng gave an embarrassed cough and slightly wound down his car window. 
The moment he did so, the man standing outside fired away, “Hey brother, if you have needs, you should go home to fulfill them. Or pull up at the side of the road to do it. Don’t you think it’s inappropriate to be doing this in the middle of the road?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
She was simply burning up inside, wishing she could vanish into thin air. 
She lowered her head and buried her face in her hands. Then she slightly turned to glance at Mo Xicheng. 
She had thought that he would also be embarrassed, like her, or even be at a loss for words, but unexpectedly, he…
###Chapter 1331: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (4) 
Mo Xicheng was unexpectedly calm and indifferent, he even put on a contemplative expression. After a moment, he turned to the man outside and, before the man could make out it was Mo Xicheng, he said, “Uh huh, you’re right. I’ll go home right now.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
This man… How could he hold his deadpan expression yet say these things
Did he know what he was saying
When the man standing beside the car saw that Mo Xicheng was apologetic, he didn’t pursue the issue. In fact, he burst out laughing and said, “Way to go, brother. That’s the spirit. If you really can’t hold it anymore, let me give you a recommendation. There’s a mall up ahead, and there’s an underground parking where you can park.” 
Frowning, Mo Xicheng replied, “Thank you for your good intentions.” 
The next moment, he rolled up the car window and started his car, driving straight ahead. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao was on the verge of losing her composure. 
Where was her melancholic idol? How could this happen
She spun her head around and looked at him. His ears had turned red. 
She immediately cast her gaze down, but she couldn’t help feeling gleeful that her idol was finally embarrassed. 
Secretly giddy with joy, she bit her lip. 
They did not speak for the rest of the way. 
The awkward atmosphere hung thickly in the air, so that the couple didn’t quite know what to say to each other. 
Fortunately, it didn’t take long for them to arrive at Yao Lili’s home. 
As the car drove into the villa compound, Mo Xicheng navigated towards Yao Lili’s residence. 
Seeing that they were almost at their destination now, Mo Xicheng suddenly pulled up by the road. 
The move surprised Shi Nianyao. 
She turned to him and was about to ask a question when there suddenly was a flash of movement before her and, following this, a pair of hands held her face. 
She opened her mouth and spoke, “You—” 
Before she could get past the first word, the rest of her sentence was silenced by the man. 
She widened her eyes in astonishment, as she felt his stirring emotions in that moment. 
Obviously he was a little panicky, and a little frantic. 
How he gnawed her lips was even a little painful. 
She opened her mouth to speak again but, instantly, she felt something soft and slippery. 
At first, it had been a tentative venture, but like a sudden surge of too much of a good thing, he started to relentlessly advance with no longer the tenderness of the previous attempt. 
Regardless, Shi Nianyao was already drowning in the passion of that kiss. 
She could only feel the air in her lungs being sucked out of her, yet he wanted more. 
She was like a fish taken out of the water, tortured by him no matter which way she turned. 
Ten minutes later, they finally stopped. 
Shi Nianyao was taking in large gulps of air, her lips a little hurt and swollen now. 
A bright red shade colored her face. She felt as though all her energy had been sucked out of her body, as she leaned limply against the car seat. Her eyes were smokey as she looked steadily at Mo Xicheng. 
His chest was obviously heaving as he stared back at her. Suddenly, he reached out with a hand and covered her eyes. 
Shi Nianyao heard his hoarse and low voice say, “Nianyao.” 
Her head tilted in his direction as she said , “Hmmm?” 
“Don’t look at me that way.” 
Shi Nianyao asked between taking in gasps of air, “Why?” 
“Because when you do, it tempts me in the wrong direction.” 
Silence. 
Shi Nianyao bit her lip. 
Looking into the darkness of his palm over her eyes, she suddenly reached out to hold his hand. Then she said, “Then you should just move in that wrong direction.”
###Chapter 1332: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (5) 
Those words seemed to reignite the couple. 
At once, they threw the last bit of logic and reason into the back of their mind. 
Mo Xicheng circled his arm around her shoulders and pulled her towards him, as his lips met hers again. 
She returned with a kiss deeper and with more fervor than before. 
Instantly, the fire was stoked. 
Mo Xicheng placed his large hand on her waist, and very soon it roamed upwards… until it lifted her t-shirt to explore new boundaries. 
Right about this time, there was a knock on the car door. Again. 
The couple froze at once. 
As if fossilized, he very slowly turned his head around. When they both realized it was Yao Lili standing right outside the car, Shi Nianyao was quite sure that she could feel cracks appearing all over her body, as she prepared to break apart and turn into dust. 
Ahhhhhhh. 
Unbeatable! 
She had been caught in an act of intimacy by her future mother-in-law, of all people. This was surely a death warrant! 
Immediately, she covered her face with both her hands, feeling slightly ashamed of having lost her senses today. 
She felt Mo Xicheng’s hand reach out and cover hers. He said, “Mom.” 
Yao Lili snorted coldly and said, “Why didn’t you come in since you’ve arrived?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded at once and said, “We’re coming out now.” 
He gave Shi Nianyao’s hand a light squeeze. She looked up and saw him returning her gaze with a gesture that told her to relax. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
The car made its way into the villa compound. With her head lowered, a deeply blushing Shi Nianyao got out of the car with Mo Xicheng. 
Yao Lili walked up to them. Her gaze fell on their entwined fingers. She said with an odd tone, “It looks like you have a good relationship going.” 
Shi Nianyao quickly withdrew her hand from Mo Xicheng’s at those words. 
She gave Yao Lili the sweetest smile she could manage. 
No matter what, Yao Lili was Mo Xicheng’s mother and her own future mother-in-law. Even if Yao Lili didn’t like her, or the sight of her, she didn’t want to offend the woman now. 
Otherwise, Mo Xicheng would be the one caught in the middle. 
Shi Nianyao had always been very mindful of this, hence she had never put on airs or behaved ostentatiously in front of them. 
Her performance in this aspect seemed to have sat well with Yao Lili. 
Yao Lili finally pulled her lips back in a stiff smile. Then she pointed at the dining room and said, “Let’s eat dinner.” 
The couple nodded and followed the woman into the dining room. 
There were some home-cooked dishes already laid out on the table. They looked rather delicious, they must have been prepared by the housekeeper. 
The moment Shi Nianyao sat down, Yao Lili picked up a piece of pork rib with her chopsticks and placed it in the girl’s bowl, saying, “Nianyao, you need to eat more. Look at how skinny you are.” 
Shi Nianyao was slightly taken aback and looked up at Yao Lili with a rather astonished expression. She immediately said very sweetly, “Ok, thank you, Auntie.” 
After this, she lowered her head and focused on eating without another word. 
For some odd reason, Yao Lili seemed to be unusually kind today, and this made Shi Nianyao shudder inside. 
It felt like something bad was about to happen and she found it unnerving. 
What was this Yao Lili up to exactly
As she was contemplating the various possibilities, Yao Lili spoke, “Nianyao, do you know I’m not a really good mother?” 
Shi Nianyao was slightly stunned and looked up. Then she saw Yao Lili lowering her gaze as she continued, “I’ve always known that I was unfair with Mo Xicheng and I’m not good enough to be his mother. I’ve given him a big burden to bear.”red. 
###Chapter 1333: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (6) 
Shi Nianyao thought, “Now you’ve realized.” 
But she could only think it, she didn’t dare to say it out loud. 
She smiled and said, “Auntie, don’t worry too much, you’re his mom. This is how it goes.” 
After Yao Lili heard this, she nodded and said, “Yes, I’m his mom. Even if I’m bad to him, I’m still his mom. Nianyao-ah, did you know that, when he was young, once Mo Xicheng had an exam and he did slightly better than Mo Zhi? When he came back, I used a broom to beat him up. I had told him before that he couldn’t do better than Mo Zhi in exams. It’s because this is what we owe the Mo Family.” 
“It’s just that I’m a bad mother. I used a lowly affection to love his father deeply, refusing to leave. It’s just that I shamelessly stayed in this house. This ruined the relationship between his father and Li Shu. I already owe this family too much, I cannot allow Mo Xicheng to snatch Mo Zhi’s limelight.” 
“So at that time, I beat him a lot and I was also scared. Did you know? Mo Xicheng was only ten then, he was in the rebellious stage. If he didn’t listen to me and performed a lot better than Mo Zhi, I was worried that Li Shu would deal with him. I did all of this for his sake.” 
“But this child, he doesn’t accept my good intentions and chose to leave the house.” 
“Did you know that the moment he left, I felt that my whole life had become empty? I had no idea where to find him, I could only stay at home and cry.” 
“At that time, I couldn’t help but wonder whether I had done wrongly. Maybe I shouldn’t have stayed in this house, maybe I shouldn’t have restricted him… But I don’t regret it! If I hadn’t done all of this, if I had left the Mo Family then, he wouldn’t have gotten the chance to receive such quality education. He wouldn’t have been able to grow up in such a good environment. And he wouldn’t have become a useful person now.” 
As Yao Lili mentioned this, her eyes became red. 
She lowered her head, rubbed her eyes and looked at Shi Nianyao, 
Shi Nianyao couldn’t help but take a tissue and pass it to her. “Auntie, dry your tears.” 
Yao Lili took it from her and, after drying her tears, she lifted her head up. She suddenly stuck her hand out and grabbed Shi Nianyao’s hand. “Child, I know you’re a good person. You must understand my efforts, right?” 
Shi Nianyao didn’t know what to reply. 
She really didn’t want to understand her, but in this case, what was the point if she said that she didn’t
She lifted her head up and looked at Mo Xicheng. 
She saw that Mo Xicheng was also frowning. He couldn’t help but say, “Mom, what are you saying all of this for?” 
“Why am I telling her this?” Yao Lili immediately lifted her head up and looked at them with reddened eyes. “Do you two still not understand what I meant?” 
“Nianyao’s status is too high. If you get married, people might target you, even if Mo Xicheng doesn’t fight for the Mo family’s inheritance.” 
“Also, I can’t accept that I stole someone’s husband and my son stole someone else’s wife.” 
“So…” 
Yao Lili suddenly stood up and knelt in front of Shi Nianyao. 
“Nianyao, I’m pleading you, can you not be together with Mo Xicheng? Can you marry Mo Zhi instead?”
###Chapter 1334: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (7) 
Yao Lili’s sudden action was making things difficult for the stunned Shi Nianyao 
Thus, she was really shocked when Yao Lili knelt down. 
She looked at Yao Lili in shock. After she came to her senses, her first action was to jump up as she said, “Auntie, what are you doing? Come up quick!” 
But no matter how much she pulled her, Yao Lili refused to budge. 
She stared at Shi Nianyao and said, “Nianyao, if you don’t agree, I won’t stand up. I beg you, please leave my son.” 
Shi Nianyao didn’t know what to say. 
Shi Nianyao stared at Yao Lili, nerve-wrecked. She couldn’t help gulping as she stood there, not knowing what to do. 
She decided to just stand on the side and didn’t dare to move close to her. 
If other people found out that her own mother-in-law had knelt before her, what would people think of her
When Shi Nianyao felt clueless as to what to do, she couldn’t help but look at Mo Xicheng. 
She saw that Mo Xicheng’s face was ashen and his gaze was on Yao Lili. After a while, he suddenly stood up and placed the chopsticks on the table softly. Then he looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Nianyao, I’ll take you home.” 
Shi Nianyao didn’t dare to continue eating anymore, thus she instantly nodded and picked up her jacket, wanting to walk out. 
But after she took two steps, Yao Lili held onto her calf. 
She turned around and stared at Yao Lili in a daze. Yao Lili cried while shouting, “Nianyao, I’m begging you! In order to show my loyalty, I have to suppress Mo Xicheng for the rest of my life. I can’t break the relationship between Mo Xicheng, me and the Mo family just for your sake.” 
Shi Nianyao didn’t know what to say. 
Where did all of these weird thoughts of hers come from
What made her think that her relationship with the Mo Family was really good, even if Shi Nianyao wasn’t there
She was sacrificing her son to achieve her ives. 
Was this Yao Lili
Shi Nianyao frowned and tightened her chin. A cold voice rang in her ears, “Mum, let go.” 
“I’m not letting go! If Shi Nianyao doesn’t promise me today, I won’t let her go!” Shi Nianyao was crying while shouting. She hugged Shi Nianyao’s leg, unwilling to let go. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes. 
He clenched his fists tightly. 
After a while, his deep voice sounded, “Let go.” 
Although it was just two simple words, he made them sound as though they came from hell. 
Yao Lili was slightly shocked and she lifted her head to look at him. 
When she looked at him, she was met with his emotionless eyes. 
Yao Lili swallowed nervously and stared at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze, but didn’t look at her as he said, “Don’t make me say it a third time.” 
Yao Lili was instantly nervous and let go of her grip. 
Shi Nianyao was released and immediately walked to Mo Xicheng’s side quickly, as if she was a shocked rabbit. 
Mo Xicheng held her hand and said, “I’ll take you home.” 
She nodded. 
The two of them walked towards the door. 
Just as they took a couple steps, they heard Yao Lili’s voice, “Mo Xicheng!” 
Mo Xicheng stopped in his tracks but didn’t turn around. 
Shi Nianyao couldn’t resist looking back from the corner of her eyes. She saw Yao Lili stare at them hopelessly. “Will you really not break up?” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and looked back. “Yes, mom. You should just give up.” ?аd. ?om
He started walking. 
But after taking a few steps, they heard a scream from Yao Lili. “If- if you don’t promise me, I’ll go and die!”
###Chapter 1335: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (7) 
Mo Xicheng briefly halted before continuing his way, taking Shi Nianyao out. 
But after a few steps, they heard a shriek, “Mo Xicheng, do you really want to force your mom to die? Do you still have a conscience?!” 
After saying so, she sat on the ground and started crying. “Do you not think that, once you walk out of this door today, I will jump down the building?! I will not only jump down, I’ll do it on livestream! I’ll let all the reporters know how unfilial you are! I’m your mom, how dare you treat me like this?” 
Shi Nianyao was dazed by the scene of her crying on the floor with the plan of making a scene on purpose. 
It was her first time meeting a woman who started crying on the floor when things didn’t go her way. She was lost at that moment. 
She swallowed and turned her head to look at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and clenched his fist. “Mom, do you really want to do this?” 
After Yao Lili heard his words, she lifted her head and saw completely no emotions in his eyes. She was so shocked she trembled. 
She instantly understood that she had crossed Mo Xicheng’s line. 
It was indeed wrong to look for reporters. She had probably hurt him really deeply. 
When things reached an extreme point, they would start moving in the opposite direction. This was common sense. She had gone overboard. 
Yao Lili pursed her lips, suddenly stood up and rushed to the third floor. 
Mo Xicheng frowned and unconsciously chased after her. “Mom!” 
Shi Nianyao followed closely behind Mo Xicheng and saw that Yao Lili was at the balcony of the third floor. She pushed the windows open and acted as if she was going to jump down, as she said, “Promise me! If you don’t, I will jump down!” 
Her eyes were red as she said, “I know that you have always thought that I’m not a good mother, but I’m doing all of this for your sake! After you marry her, even if you don’t have bad intentions, people will have bad intentions against you. Now in the Mo Company, there are people who suggested getting you to work there. After you enter the company, what do you think will happen in the future? Everyone’s hearts will definitely flicker and change. We had agreed that we would keep our distance from them and not intrude in their world, so why do you still want to marry a girl from a rich family?” 
“Mo Xicheng, let mom give you advice, she really doesn’t suit you. If you want to quietly leave that circle, you must leave her. It’s because even if you don’t look for trouble, other people will look for trouble with you too.” 
After she said so, she wiped her tears and stood at the door. “What I said about looking for reporters was something I said impulsively. You’re my son, how can I not think for you? I’m just hoping that you can find a normal person as a wife and live your whole life safely and stably, not entangled with your older brother. Not entangled with the Mo family. Son, this is because we are unfair and undeserving!” 
After hearing her words, Mo Xicheng’s irises swelled and his heart suddenly sunk. 
He knew that everything Yao Lili said was true. 
He wanted to have nothing to do with that world and not fight with Mo Zhi for the inheritance. But if he dated Shi Nianyao, the shareholders would notice it. They would then request him to report to work. It would bring Mo Zhi endless trouble. 
He turned his head to look at Shi Nianyao. 
His gaze suddenly became firm. 
Yes, he wasn’t scared. 
He had never ever changed whatever he set out to achieve. rа. Co
He just wanted to lead a safe and peaceful life with Shi Nianyao. He was not scared of anything else. 
No matter what difficulties lay in their way, he would try his best to conquer them.
###Chapter 1336: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (9) 
After he had these thoughts, Mo Xicheng lifted his head up and said, “Mom, I have never thought of fighting for anything from the Mo Family. But if they are the ones who start looking for trouble with me, I won’t let it pass.” 
His words made Yao Lili’s pupils shrank. 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
Anyone who knew Mo Zhi’s character would clearly know that Mo Zhi would force Mo Xicheng up that path. 
In other words, even if Mo Xicheng had never wanted to fight for anything with Mo Zhi, Mo Zhi would also force him to fight with him. 
She must separate these two people today. 
After thinking about that, Yao Lili put up a really devastated look and said, “But in this case, you brothers will still become enemies over a woman. What’s the point of me being alive?!” 
After she said that, she looked out of the window for a second, steeled herself and tried to jump out. 
Mo Xicheng’s hands were really fast as he grabbed her arm and pulled her back. 
Yao Lili had just been through a frightening experience, she was so scared her legs were trembling. 
But once she thought about Mo Zhi, her motherly instincts kicked in and she immediately stood up straight. She looked at Mo Xicheng and her eyes brought determination. “I don’t care what you think, I said what I had to say today. If you don’t break up with her, I will die in front of you!” 
After saying so, she sat on the sofa at the side. 
“If you dare to leave, after you do so, you’ll receive the news of my death.” 
She pointed at the door and said, “Go, go ahead. I thought you didn’t want this mother of yours anymore? You can leave now!” 
As she said so, she sat on the sofa and started sobbing. 
The state of Yao Lili made her look slightly more pitiful. 
Shi Nianyao stared at her and lifted her head once again to look at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng stood there, his expression changed a few times. He was angry and also at a loss for words. 
Yao Lili jumping down just now had been real, it wasn’t a joke. 
He knew that if he had left, Yao Lili would really dare to jump down. 
This woman had become insane for the Mo family’s sake.  o
But what choice did he have
This lunatic was his mom. 
Even if she was not good enough to him, he couldn’t watch her jump down the building. He couldn’t watch her commit suicide, right
Mo Xicheng clenched his fist and stared at her. At that moment, he was at a loss as to what to say. 
On one side was his biological mother, and on the other was his happiness. 
He didn’t know which to give up. 
At that moment, a warm and small hand suddenly held his. 
Mo Xicheng was slightly stunned but when he turned around, he saw that Shi Nianyao was looking at him. Shi Nianyao used her chin to point at Yao Lili and nodded. 
Although she didn’t express what she meant really well, Mo Xicheng had understood what she was thinking. 
There were things that were more urgent than others. 
What she meant was that he should pacify Yao Lili first. 
But in that case, he would have to cause Shi Nianyao to suffer injustice. 
A surge of gratitude suddenly emerged in Mo Xicheng’s heart. 
On one side was his mother, who had used death to force him. 
On the other was a girl who was willing to temporarily swallow her miseries of being targeted for him, although she was a pampered mistress. 
He lowered his eyelids and, after a while, he spoke, “Ok, I promise you.” 
After Yao Lili heard his words, she instantly lifted her head in surprise. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng in disbelief and only accepted the situation after a few seconds. “Are you for real?” 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils darkened as he replied, “Yes.” 
Yao Lili immediately became excited. “Good, I know that you’re my good son.” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and said, “I’ll take Nianyao home.”
###Chapter 1337: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (10) 
When Yao Lili heard his words, she instantly frowned. “Can’t Nianyao take a taxi home herself?” 
After she said so, Mo Xicheng shot her a cold gaze. She instantly shut her mouth and said, “Fine, fine, then you should take her and come back quick. If there are any problems, make it clear with her and break up peacefully.” 
Shi Nianyao was speechless. 
Break up peacefully. Was this something they could peacefully end
She twitched her lips and followed Mo Xicheng down the steps quietly. 
On the way out, Yao Lili was still grabbing her hand and saying, “Nianyao, it isn’t that I don’t like you. I really like you, but you’re not suitable for Mo Xicheng. It is important that marriages are formed between families that are of the same status. Your status is too high for us to reach. Only Mo Zhi is worthy of you.” 
As she said so, Mo Xicheng stopped and looked back. 
Yao Lili was instantly so shocked that she didn’t dare to speak. 
The three of them went downstairs. Then Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng got into the car. 
Yao Lili waved goodbye unwillingly. 
When the couple had gone far away, Yao Lili let out a relieved sigh. She stared into the distance and couldn’t resist saying to herself, “Nianyao is kind of too thin. Will she be able to give birth to kids for Mo Zhi after she marries him? Aish!” 
– 
In the car. 
Mo Xicheng still remained silent. 
Shi Nianyao turned her head to look at him and, after a while, the car stopped along the road. 
Mo Xicheng suddenly turned his body, stuck out his slim and long arms and pulled her into his embrace. 
Shi Nianyao was shocked, but she didn’t push him away. 
The two of them hugged each other tightly and after some time, Mo Xicheng spoke slowly, “Nianyao, do you feel like I’m very useless?” 
When Shi Nianyao heard that, she immediately sighed and said, “No, can you watch her die? No matter what, she’s still your mother. But I believe that one day, you’ll be able to convince her.” 
Hearing her words, the heaviness in his heart was slightly relieved. 
He stared at Shi Nianyao and said, “Then you…” 
“I will wait for you.” 
Shi Nianyao’s words were resolute. “Actually, this matter isn’t so complicated. If she doesn’t agree to us being together, we cannot go through with this wedding. We can just change from dating publicly to dating in secret.” 
Seeing that she was so rational, he sighed. His big hand caressed her hand, and his other hand held onto her tightly. 
Then he looked ahead once again and drove her home. 
Shi Nianyao knew that he wasn’t feeling good inside. Thus she comforted him. “I’m really alright. As long as I know that you have me in your heart, that’s what’s important. Seeing that you’ve already gone against your mother for so long just for my sake, I’m actually already really happy. Idol, did you know I used to like you a lot? I always silently watched you on the television, but I never thought that one day I’d be dating my idol. Hehehe, I’m already filled with happiness now!” 
Her happy character had made the atmosphere in the car lively once again. 
However, from the start till the end, Mo Xicheng didn’t speak. 
Shi Nianyao looked at him silently, not knowing what was wrong with him. 
The car finally arrived below Nianyao’s house. 
Nianyao looked at Mo Xicheng. Just as she was about to alight from the car, Mo Xicheng all of a sudden forcefully held her hand. 
Shi Nianyao looked back in confusion and Mo Xicheng said, “Nianyao, let’s go to the city hall tomorrow.”
###Chapter 1338: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (11) 
Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
She felt as if she understood what Mo Xicheng had said but, at the same time, she totally had no idea what he was talking about. 
She looked at him dazedly and after a while, she asked a really stupid question, “Why- why do we have to go to the city hall?” 
Mo Xicheng was shocked and rendered speechless. 
He stopped for a moment and continued, “To register our marriage. Will you go?” 
Shi Nianyao was at a loss for words. 
Shi Nianyao stared at Mo Xicheng and heard him say slowly, “Nianyao, are you willing to marry me? Under these circumstances?” 
Shi Nianyao swallowed and, after a few seconds, she made a sound of understanding. 
Mo Xicheng stared ahead and continued, “In the past, I never wanted to get married because I knew that I was living in darkness. I didn’t want my other half to be with me… until I met you.” 
Mo Xicheng paused for a while. In his melancholic eyes, there were indissolubly thick emotions. “I had never known that liking a person, loving a person, could make someone so worried about losing the person they love. Do you know what I was thinking as I took you home?” 
Shi Nianyao shook her head. 
Mo Xicheng turned his head to look at her and said, “I was thinking that if there is a day where you get tired of me and my mom, and really leave me…” 
His voice was really low. That pleasing voice of his brought along an unexplained sorrow. 
It was sad to listen to. 
Shi Nianyao looked at her idol. After a while, she stuck her hand out and grabbed his as she said, “Mo Xicheng.” 
Mo Xicheng turned his head to look at her. Her eyes were glistening with passion and excitement—they shone and people couldn’t resist getting close . She said, “Ok, tomorrow at 9 a.m. at the city hall, see you there.” 
Mo Xicheng was shocked and speechless again. 
Mo Xicheng widened his eyes in shock and stared at her in disbelief. 
At first, it was just that he had felt really insecure after all that had happened with Yao Lili today, and he had said that on impulse. 
Never would he have thought that Shi Nianyao would agree to it and actually agree to it so decisively. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and stared at her. Then he stuck out his hand and pulled her into his embrace. 
At the same time, he quietly swore in his heart. 
Nianyao was the person who had walked into his life when it had been at its worst. Thus, no matter how tough the rest of his life would be, he would not let go of her hands. 
He would use the rest of his life to treat her well. 
He knew that it was very selfish of him to do so. But he also knew that if Yao Lili didn’t agree to their marriage, they would really fail to be together after the people from the Shi family found out. 
It was better for him to take action first. He had no choice but to do so, so he could be with Nianyao in the end. 
After he had these thoughts, Mo Xicheng was even more sure. He looked at Shi Nianyao, nodded after a while and said, “See you tomorrow.” 
Shi Nianyao then smiled and alighted from Mo Xicheng’s car. She waved to him and said, “Go back quick.” 
Seeing her smile, Mo Xicheng didn’t really feel like leaving. He wanted to keep being with her but if he didn’t leave, the people in the house could also see him through the surveillance camera. 
So he could only leave obediently. 
Even after Mo Xicheng’s car was out of sight, Shi Nianyao was still staring in his direction with her neck stretched and head stuck out. Just at that moment, a voice spoke behind her, “He’s already long gone, what are you still looking at?”
###Chapter 1339: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (12) 
Shi Nianyao was shocked. She turned her head and saw that her elder brother, Shi Tao, was standing behind her. 
As she recalled what she had discussed with Mo Xicheng, she was immediately stunned and asked anxiously, “Brother, when you stood behind me, did you overhear my conversation?” 
Shi Xun, with his tall stature, took one step forward. The light shone down, making his shadow look longer on the ground. 
He reached out and flicked Shi Nianyao’s forehead as he said, “Is this how you speak to me? You have no manners!” 
Shi Nianyao took a deep breath and shrugged. “Brother, you’re bullying me again. Be careful or I’ll tell Sister-in-law! You still haven’t told me how long you’ve been standing behind me.” 
After she said so, they heard a delicate voice speak, “Dad saw Uncle Mo’s car stop outside the house when he was inside, so he came out to take a look. Auntie, were you playing a kissing game with Uncle Mo inside the car just now?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
When she saw this four to five-year-old sweet-looking little girl, Shi Nianyao couldn’t resist saying angrily, “Little Cherry, what nonsense are you spouting!” 
Little Cherry was her brother Shi Xun’s daughter. Since young, her mother hadn’t been by her side, so she was really full of weird ideas. Now that her mother was back, she seemed to feel guilty towards her and thus doted on her a lot. She had pampered her till she was out of control. 
When Little Cherry heard Shi Nianyao’s words, she tilted her head and replied, “Auntie, are you getting angry because you’re ashamed?” 
“Naughty girl, what do you know?!” 
Little Cherry immediately shook her head and acted as if she was an adult. “Auntie, you are wrong, I know everything. It’s just like my parents, who are actually awake in the morning but still don’t get out of bed and out of the house. That’s when they’re probably creating a brother for me.” 
Shi Xun called, “Cherry.” 
Little Cherry lifted her head up and asked, “Yes? What’s wrong dad? Did I say something wrong?” 
“Shut up.” 
Little Cherry then added, “… Ok, in case mama rushes out to scold me and say that I’m a big mouth. She doesn’t like it when I bring up the time I caught you two playing the kissing game in the study. Aish!” 
Shi Xun was stumped. 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes shone and she grabbed Little Cherry. “Little Cherry, you actually know all the gossip! Haha, how did they play the kissing game in the study room?” 
As she asked her questions, Shi Xun shot a warning gaze to Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao immediately stuck out her tongue at Shi Xun and heard Little Cherry answer, “Mama doesn’t allow me to say it. Dad told me that they were creating a brother for me.” 
Shi Nianyao laughed. “Hahaha, Brother, you and Sister-in-law are so relaxed at home! Is Little Cherry blocking your plans? If not, you can send Little Cherry home for dad and mom to take care of her, and you and Sister-in-law can do whatever you like!” 
Right after her teasing words, Little Cherry spoke, “Yes, Dad, I’m willing to stay at Grandma’s. Don’t worry, I won’t disrupt Auntie and Uncle Mo from making babies.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Shi Xun was stumped. 
Both adults exchanged a glance and, after a while, Shi Nianyao spoke, “Little Cherry, don’t go around talking about making babies, ok?” 
Little Cherry asked, “Why?” 
“Because this is our family’s secret!” 
Little Cherry: “…” 
Little Cherry gave it a thought and thought again, before nodding and replying, “Ok, I understand.”
###Chapter 1340: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (13) 
Shi Nianyao and Shi Xun exchanged a look and sighed in relief. 
Then they walked into the house with Little Cherry leading the way. 
Shi Xun asked, “Why didn’t he come in since he came all the way here?” 
Shi Nianyao immediately explained, “My idol had to attend to something at home, so he had to leave first.” 
Shi Xun halted when he heard this and turned to look at her. “Anything serious?” 
She shook her head at once and said, “No, no.” 
Shi Xun continued to look at her intently and asked, “Really?” 
“It’s the truth, nothing but the truth!” 
Shi Xun shook his head and said, “Let me know if you do need help.” 
“I know, Big Brother! 
She pushed him along as they walked into the house. 
However, before they had even properly entered the house, Little Cherry was already saying at the top of her voice, “Grandma, Granddad, I have a secret to tell you!” 
The moment the child said this, Shi Nianyao and Shi Xun immediately exchanged a panicky glance and immediately dashed towards her. The child quickly moved herself close to Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan and whispered something to them. 
Shi Xun: …! 
Shi Xun immediately reached out and pulled Little Cherry back, chiding her, “Didn’t we agree that we’re not telling anyone?” 
The child retorted, “But Grandpa and Grandma are not anyone, so it’s okay to tell them the secret! Don’t worry, Dad, I didn’t tell Grandma about you and Mom creating a little brother. I only told them about Aunt and Uncle Mo playing kiss-kiss in the car.” 
Shi Xun was stumped. 
As was Nianyao, who felt like she was a completely innocent victim in all of this. 
She threw Shi Xun a glance that was obviously full of lament and said, “Big Brother, you really need to watch out with what Little Cherry says!” 
He nodded. 
Without looking at Shi Jinyan’s reaction, Shi Nianyao quickly headed into the dining room and tried to change the topic, “Dad, Mom, is dinner ready? I’m starving.” 
She had barely taken two steps when Shi Jinyan started, “Yao Yao, as a girl, you need to be more reserved. You—” 
“Oh alright, Dad, stop lecturing me. Let’s eat. We’ll talk after eating. I’m starving!” 
Shi Jinyan: … 
After dinner, however, Shi Nianyao quickly stood up and ran back upstairs to the bedroom. She left no opportunity for her father to keep talking about it. 
Once she was back in the bedroom, she lay back in her bed quietly, staring at the ceiling. 
She was still in a daze from the things that had happened today. 
Tomorrow, at the city hall, with the household registration booklet… 
Then she suddenly jumped onto her feet. That’s right! The household registration booklet! 
For sure, she would need her household registration booklet for registering her marriage tomorrow. 
But where had she placed her household registration booklet now
She bit her lip at this thought, curled her back and stood up. She walked to the door and quietly opened it. 
The skies had darkened, but through the crack of the door, she could see that the light in her elder brother’s bedroom was on. 
Shi Nianyao walked towards the study. 
That was where Dad and Mom kept all their documents, and it seemed like the household registration booklet was in a drawer in the study too. 
She sneaked up to the room and pushed the door open. 
She felt like she was a thief in her own home, sneaking around late at night. 
She looked around, feeling somewhat guilty, and quickly dashed into the room. 
She didn’t dare to turn on the lights and had to grope around in the dark for a while before she found the household registration booklet. 
An expression of delight flashed across her face at once. She turned around quietly and sneaked back into her room. 
It had been an easy success. In fact, it had gone so smoothly that it felt too good to be true. 
At this point, her cell phone vibrated. She picked it up and saw that it was a message from Mo Xicheng.
###Chapter 1341: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (14) 
[My Idol: Did you manage to find the household registration booklet?] 
Shi Nianyao immediately typed her gleeful reply: [Nothing’s too hard for me. Don’t worry, I’ve got it!] 
Mo Xicheng’s reply came: [Yes, see you tomorrow.] 
She sent yet another message: [See you tomorrow.] 
After the brief exchange, there were a few things running through her mind. She tossed and turned in bed, unable to get to sleep. 
She was getting married
She was going to marry her male idol tomorrow?
And furthermore under the circumstance that the parents on both sides were unaware. The more she thought about her behavior, the more she felt that she was being rash. Furthermore, she felt somewhat frightened by what was going on. 
Was she getting a case of prenuptial cold feet
She bit her lip and thought for a long while. Then she picked up the phone and sent him a short message: [Are you asleep?] 
He replied very quickly: [No, what’s up?] 
Shi Nianyao: [I can’t sleep, I’m a little nervous.] 
Right after she sent the message, a call from Mo Xicheng came in. 
She stared at his name flashing on her cell phone screen and paused. Smiling, she picked up the call. 
His familiar voice rang out from the other end, “Hey.” 
She broke into a smile immediately. 
In the pitch darkness of the night, lit only by the glow of her cell phone screen, that smile looked exceptionally silly but also exceptionally sweet. 
“Hey,” she said and wasn’t quite sure what to say after that. 
She hid her head under her blanket shyly, almost curled up into a tight ball. 
Suddenly, they didn’t know what to say to each other. 
They could hear each other’s breathing at the other end of the line. 
Mo Xicheng finally said after a while, “Yao Yao.” 
There was a silent pause before the girl suddenly realized he was calling her, so she quickly replied, “Ah.” 
Then she heard laughter coming from the other end. 
It was a deep and resonant chuckle and sounded extremely attractive in the darkness. 
She almost went into a daze again when he said, “Silly girl.” 
That affectionate tone was sweet like nothing she had ever experienced. 
They were only two simple words, but they felt as though she was being infused with a sudden burst of honey inside. 
Silly girl, 
She grinned broadly, but said in a fierce tone, “What was that?” 
“Have I ever told you something?” 
“What” 
Mo Xicheng fell silent for a moment and then said, “I love you.” 
She was stunned and speechless. 
Her grip on the cell phone tightened as her pupils enlarged. 
She felt like she was in a dream, hearing those words under the blanket. 
Wide-eyed and in a daze, she said, “What?” 
Silence. 
“Did you just make a confession?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
“Am I dreaming?!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
“Mo Xicheng!” 
“Uh huh?” 
“Say it again.” 
He repeated, “I love you.” 
She immediately buried her face in her hands and listened to those words in deep concentration, as if afraid that someone else might hear it, and that would make it less than solely and exclusively her. 
She gulped and then broke out into a silly grin. 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Uh huh?” 
“I love you too.” 
“Ok.” 
She did a flip on her bed and a bicycle kick. Then Mo Xicheng asked, “So will you be able to sleep now?” 
She replied, “I think I’m even more awake than before!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
She suggested, “Are you free tonight? Do you want to keep chatting all night?”
###Chapter 1342: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (15) 
Mo Xicheng remarked, “Then tomorrow we’ll be two pandas turning up to register our marriage?” 
Shi Nianyao burst out laughing immediately. 
He said helplessly, “Stop laughing. You’re getting so excited it’ll be even harder to fall asleep.” 
She shut her mouth at once. “Mmmph.” 
“Try to sleep early. Otherwise, you’ll appear with dark circles for tomorrow’s wedding photo.” 
“Mmmph.” 
Mo Xicheng thought for a while and then started again, “Yao Yao.” 
“Uh huh?” 
“I’ll sing for you. Shut your eyes.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! ?nd. ?m
That was just too much happiness in too short a time, her heart really couldn’t take in much more. 
Already grinning from ear to ear, that smile couldn’t get any wider. 
She stared at the cell phone. After a moment, she gave another smile and said, “Ok.” 
She held the cell phone to her ear and shut her eyes. 
After a short silent pause, she heard Mo Xicheng’s singing from the other end of the line. 
His singing voice was low and firm and, as she listened to it, it felt as though the world had gone quiet. 
Her emotions gradually calmed down. 
Smiling, she recalled that this song had been the one that had shot him to fame. 
No, actually, it had just been her personal favorite among his songs. 
This song had been really popular when it hit the market. However, although the song had become a hit, few people remembered that it was her who had spotted it. 
That was when she had started to get interested in him, and eventually discovered he was a humble man and kept a low profile. That was when she went head over heels and from then on, relentlessly paid close attention to his every move. 
As she recalled these memories, her fingers, that had initially been tapping along with his singing, started to slow down and then stopped. 
Her breathing became even and light. 
Mo Xicheng repeated the song three times, until he was sure everything was quiet on the other end of the line. He called out quietly, “Yao Yao?” 
Silence. 
He smiled. 
Then he whispered lightly into the phone, “Goodnight.” 
He hung up, placed the documents he was holding back on the desk and then left the study. 
He stretched his body languidly and went to the balcony, where he stood and looked into the distance. 
Shi Nianyao’s voice and cheerful face were vivid in his mind. He smiled. 
He had never imagined that getting married could make one so happy. 
To the extent that he couldn’t sleep at all that night. He had insomnia. 
– 
By the time Shi Nianyao woke up the next day, it was 9 a.m. 
She jumped when she saw the time and picked up her cell phone hurriedly. She immediately saw the message: [Yao Yao, are you awake? Call me when you are.] 
At once, she dialed Mo Xicheng’s number. 
The line connected very quickly. Shi Nianyao said most apologetically, “Idol, I overslept. Where are you?” 
Mo Xicheng, who was standing outside the city hall, replied in a steady voice, “I’m still home. I’m just washing up too.” 
“Mmmm, great! I’ll be there in a flash!” 
“There’s no hurry. Remember to have your breakfast. It’s a full working day for the city hall.” 
“Uh huh. And have you had breakfast?” 
Caught off-guard by the question, Mo Xicheng paused. His gaze fell on a breakfast stall nearby. He said, “Yes I have, don’t worry.” 
“Ok then, I’ll see you at the city hall in a bit.” 
“Ok.” 
After he hung up, Mo Xicheng put on his mask and sunglasses and went for a stroll outside. 
At 10:30 a.m., he finally spotted Shi Nianyao. 
She got out of her car and ran towards him, saying, “You must have been waiting? I was caught in a small jam.” 
He replied casually, “Don’t panic. It’s no hurry.”” 
In any case, this was only the start of the rest of their lives together—it was going to be for the long haul.
###Chapter 1343: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (16) n?.＆nbsp;
Shi Nianyao was a little embarrassed as she smoothed down her hair. She cleared her throat and said, “Let’s go in.” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head and looked at her, asking, “Have you eaten something?” 
She coughed a little guiltily and said, “Yes, I have.” 
The man laughed and then, like performing a magic trick, held out a cup of soymilk towards her. He said, “Drink this for now.” 
She paused and looked up at him, astonished. 
Actually, how could she possibly have had breakfast
She had overslept and, furthermore, although Mo Xicheng had said he was at home, she had clearly heard the food sellers touting their breakfast offers in the background. 
Morning traffic jams in Beijing were an unchanging reality. 
If it hadn’t been for the fact that they had to take a photo, she would have rushed over straight away, but she had had to wash up first. 
Looking at the cup of soymilk in her hand, she could only feel that… 
Her idol was heart-meltingly considerate! 
She took a sip of the soymilk and walked behind Mo Xicheng, as they headed into the city hall building. 
At the entrance, however, the security officer stopped her and said, “Miss, food is not allowed in here.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She quickly took another two sips of the drink. Then she realized something and she turned towards Mo Xicheng. “Have you had breakfast?” 
The man’s eyes fell on her rosy lips, and his heart went wild as scenes of that passionate kiss from last night played in his mind. He gulped as he heard Shi Nianyao talking and quickly replied, “No, not yet.” 
Shi Nianyao paused and asked, “What do you want to eat then?” 
Very casually, his hand reached out to grab hers. 
In a daze, Shi Nianyao allowed her hand to be led as the man raised the cup of soy milk towards himself. 
He removed his mask and took a few sips from the cup. 
After this, he lowered his hand, acted like nothing had happened and then put his mask back on. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
She stared at the soy milk and suddenly let out a piercing shriek. 
Arghhhh! 
Her idol had drank from her cup. 
But… 
No, she mustn’t show so much excitement. 
They had already kissed, what was with drinking from the same cup
She cleared her throat and, lowering her head, she continued drinking from the cup extremely calmly. 
After she took another sip, she suddenly realized that her idol had just drunk from it. And now she was drinking from it again. 
Her ears turned red at once. 
Then she heard his lowered voice say in an amused tone, “Yao Yao, why have your ears turned red?” 
She replied, “… Is that so? The weather’s a bit warm perhaps.” 
He continued. “Is it because drinking from the same cup is like indirectly kissing me?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Indirectly!! Kissing!! 
How could her idol say this so casually
Her face turned as red as a baboon’s butt at once. 
She didn’t speak another word, but she nervously gulped down the soy milk in a few mouthfuls. 
After drinking that big cup of soy milk, she tossed it into the bin. When she looked up, Mo Xicheng had already drawn out a napkin and was reaching out to wipe her lips. 
The gesture was intimate yet casual, it made her heart pound wildly. 
Still unnerved, she heard the man saying, “Alright, let’s go.” 
She nodded. 
The couple had to take a number and then queue up in the lobby. 
Because a picture of them was required, they had to go and have their photograph taken together. 
When it was their turn, they walked into the photo studio.
###Chapter 1344: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (17) 
The photographer was a woman in her thirties. 
Perhaps she was overworked, or perhaps she was single and had to take photographs for all of these couples, but she came across as rather bad-tempered. She looked up at them sternly, first glancing at Shi Nianyao and then shifting her gaze to Mo Xicheng. 
She frowned and gave a scornful laugh. “People are so pretentious nowadays. You’re here to take a photo, what’s with the mask and sunglasses? Can you even see wearing those sunglasses indoors?” 
Shi Nianyao lost her temper upon hearing this. 
Even when someone on the internet criticized her idol, she retaliated immediately. 
Hence at this point, she said point blank, “Comrade, is there a law that doesn’t permit wearing a mask and sunglasses indoors?” 
The employee almost choked. Then she frowned and said, “What are you here for, huh? Are you taking a photo or not? If not, then scram, don’t hold up the queue. If you are, please sit over there.” 
Shi Nianyao was about to speak again when Mo Xicheng held her back by her arm. 
He glared at the woman and said, “Comrade, may I request for the door to be shut?” 
The door of the photo studio had been kept open. 
And this employee was actually in the way, so if she didn’t move away, the door couldn’t be shut. 
But because of Mo Xicheng’s identity, he could not really remove his mask and sunglasses. Not to mention that it could possibly cause chaos if the people outside saw who he was. If they got caught like this, they would appear in all the internet headlines, and wouldn’t Yao Lili know about this at once
What would be the point of getting married secretly then
However, the employee immediately laughed when she heard Mo Xicheng’s words. “Why? Are you too ugly or something? Why would you need to shut the door to have your picture taken? We don’t do that here, everyone takes their picture with the door open.” 
Shi Nianyao immediately frowned when she heard what the woman said. “We want to take the photo with the door shut, this is our right to privacy.” 
The crew worker sneered, “Do I care? This is the way I do it. I’ll say it again, if you want to do it, then get on with it. If not, get out. I’ve never seen such troublesome people!” 
Shi Nianyao was livid. She frowned and looked out of the door. 
There was a group of people waiting outside to have their photos taken, and they were all looking in now. 
She glared at the photographer and said, “So you will not shut the door?” 
The woman sneered, “That’s right. If you’re not taking the photo, then get out.” 
Shi Nianyao was so furious that she took a deep breath. She was about to speak when Mo Xicheng held her back again. 
Following this, he picked up his cell phone and asked, “Comrade, I’ll ask you one more time, are you not shutting that door for us?” 
“Yup, why? Ohhhh, you want to carry tales to our boss! Let me tell you, it’s no use to go around lying. Who are you trying to scare?” 
At this point, Mo Xicheng dialed a number. The line connected and he spoke, “Hey, old buddy, I’m here at the photo studio, are you free to come round?” 
“Your worker here refuses to shut the door for us, I don’t have a choice.” 
Then he hung up and glared at the photographer. 
The woman hadn’t expected him to really make that call and now was frightened into silence. But she thought about it again and felt that she had done nothing wrong. At once, she became bold again. 
She even sneered, “If every dog and cat wants the door shut, what would happen?”
###Chapter 1345: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (18) 
After two minutes, the boss walked in. 
Once he entered and saw Mo Xicheng with his mask, he immediately panicked and said, “Why didn’t you mention that you’re coming beforehand? I could have arranged a special service for you. Like this, what would we do if you cause a scandal at the city hall?” 
Mo Xicheng laughed. “I only want to get engaged lowkey. I never thought that your colleagues would be so uncooperative.” 
The boss looked at the worker and said, “Nonsense! This is really nonsense!” 
The worker was stunned, she had never expected this guy would really call her boss here. She immediately spoke, “Boss, I thought that no special exceptions could be made? Look at his room, it’s small and it’s really troublesome to open and close the door repeatedly. Also, who does he think he is? What’s wrong with taking a photograph with the door open?” 
Her words made her boss so angry that he wanted to laugh. “Who do you think he is? If he takes a photograph with the door open, he would cause a lot of problems! You might even be on the headlines!” 
After saying so, he requested her, “Move the stool away and close the door. Ask him to take off his sunglasses and mask for you to see.” 
As her leader had spoken, she had no choice but to follow his instructions. She could only move the stool away and close the door. Then she stared at Mo Xicheng and said, “I really want to see who is so powerful.” 
After she said so, she watched Mo Xicheng take off his sunglasses and mask. 
She was instantly stunned as she stared straight at him. 
After looking for a long time, she spoke with uncertainty, “I- Idol Mo?!” 
“Ah, I really love the television dramas you starred in.” 
After saying so, she suddenly realized where the problem was. She instantly lowered her head and said, “Erm, I- I didn’t know that it was you. I’m sorry for what I just did.” 
In this case, didn’t it mean that the city hall did their job based on the people they attended
But everyone understood the power of artists. In order not to attract a crowd and cause extra trouble for the city, they had a VIP service 
Mo Xicheng saw that the worker had lowered her head and didn’t continue pursuing the matter. He only peacefully said, “So can we take our picture now?” 
That person immediately nodded her head. 
– 
After they finished taking their photograph, Shi Nianyao kept it with her. She lifted her head up and looked at Mo Xicheng, who had taken out his sunglasses and mask once again. 
She had never thought that such a low key person like Mo Xicheng would also have his own connections. 
He seemed to detect her surprise and said, “Actually, the Mo family is quite nice to me. Since young, I went to schools that the privileged attended and I have a lot of classmates who are powerful people in different sectors.” 
Shi Nianyao stared at him and was surprised. She felt as if she had discovered a new side of his. 
Seeing the boss of the city hall’s attitude towards him, she could tell that Mo Xicheng had developed decent connections in school then. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t have power, it was just that he didn’t want to fight with Mo Zhi. 
The moment the boss had come into the picture, they had been quickly given a VIP service. 
After ten minutes, they had successfully gotten their marriage certificate. 
Seeing the red cover of the book, Shi Nianyao still felt that the process had been unbelievably smooth. 
She had gotten married to Mo Xicheng just like that
She repeatedly scrutinized that marriage certificate, both the front and back of it, and then said, “It’s real, it’s not fake.” 
Mo Xicheng was speechless. 
Mo Xicheng stared at her and suddenly asked, “Nianyao, can you… not go home tonight?”
###Chapter 1346: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (19) 
After hearing what Mo Xicheng said, Shi Nianyao was instantly shocked. 
Not go home… tonight
She instantly lifted her head up and saw that Mo Xicheng was staring at her. His gaze was somewhat excited, but he was trying to look calm while looking at her. 
Shi Nianyao swallowed and asked, “Ah?” 
Mo Xicheng immediately coughed, pinched his palm a little nervously and looked forward. “Yeah, it’s not much, I was just thinking that today is our first day married. Erm, should I take you home?” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes were blazing, giving Mo Xicheng an unexplainable stress. It seemed as if he was kidnapping an underage girl. He was kind of flustered in his heart and his ears were red. 
It was the first time he experienced his heart beating that fast. 
Ever since he was young, he had been trying really hard to control himself. As someone who had never dated, he was like a young teenager at his moment. He actually wanted it really badly, but he had no idea how to express himself. 
He turned his head and awkwardly tried to go away. But at that moment, his wrist was suddenly held. 
He turned his head back and saw Shi Nianyao lower her head and delicately say, “Sure.” 
Mo Xicheng paused. 
Sure
Sure. Was it an answer to the question he had just asked
That she would stay out tonight
After this thought, Mo Xicheng’s eyes immediately brightened. 
Even he himself didn’t realize that his lips had curved up. His whole face had lost that melancholic feeling and was currently filled with warmth. 
On the other hand, Shi Nianyao had blushed till she looked like an apple after replying. She lowered her head, not knowing what to say. e?. o
Seeing that Mo Xicheng wasn’t saying anything, she let go of her hand with embarrassment, but at that moment… 
Mo Xicheng instead grabbed the hand that was letting go. 
Shi Nianyao was slightly stunned as she lifted her head up in surprise. Then, she heard Mo Xicheng ask as if nothing had happened, “What do you want to eat for lunch? Let’s go and celebrate.” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “Anything is fine.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded, continued holding her hand and walked forward. “Let’s go get the car then.” 
She nodded. 
As she walked, she looked at their intertwined hands. 
Since she was nervous, her palm was sweating. It was really wet, but they had no idea whose sweat it was. 
She could sense a special feeling in her palms. 
In that moment, they should have let go of their hands, but none of them mentioned it. Thus they walked hand in hand to Mo Xicheng’s car. 
When they reached the side of the car, Mo Xicheng stood rooted to the spot. Shi Nianyao couldn’t resist giving him a questioning gaze. 
Mo Xicheng sighed. “What should I do?” 
Shi Nianyao was confused. 
“I don’t want to let go of your hand.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
His romantic words came too suddenly and they caught her off guard. 
She felt as if she had been dropped into a bottle of honey. It was so sweet that her heart was bubbling. 
She smiled while saying, “Don’t let go then!” 
She opened the door of the driver’s seat and climbed in. 
She actually could have gone to the other side to enter the car but at this moment, it was as if she had lost her ability to think and did something stupid for the sake of not separating their hands. 
But somehow, Mo Xicheng didn’t find it troublesome and messed around with her. After a while, the two of them sat on the front seats.
###Chapter 1347: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (20) 
Shi Nianyao’s hand followed his onto the steering wheel. 
Then he started up the car and they drove away. 
She turned to stare at him, mesmerized. 
After a while, he finally said, “Yao Yao.” 
“Uh huh?” 
“If you don’t want us to get into an accident, you should look ahead.” 
Shi Nianyao mumbled, “Oh.” 
But even then, she found her gaze drifting towards him eventually. 
There was only so much staring he could take before saying, “Yao Yao.” 
“Uh huh?” 
“I want to kiss you.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Her face turned scarlet immediately as she quickly looked ahead, at the same time trying to withdraw her hand. 
Mo Xicheng was holding on tightly and wouldn’t let go of it, however. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She cleared her throat and said in a serious tone, “No, you can’t do that. We have to pull over first.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
He looked ahead and, after a brief silence, suddenly said, “I never felt that the restaurant was this far away.” 
Shi Nianyao turned beet red at his comment. 
The corners of his mouth slightly curled into a faint smile, and he seemed satisfied finally. 
Suddenly the car turned quiet. Feeling somewhat restless, Shi Nianyao turned on the music. 
Unexpectedly, the music in the CD player was actually one of his own songs. 
She raised an eyebrow and said in a teasing tone, “Male idol, I didn’t realize you were this narcissistic, listening to your own songs.” 
Without batting an eyelid at her comment, he started, “Yao Yao.” 
“Uh huh?” 
She thought he was going to offer an explanation, but on the contrary, he said, “You ought to be calling me ‘hubby’ from now on.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Her eyes widened as her jaw dropped. She tried to say the word but found it terribly embarrassing to do so. 
The reality was that nowadays “hubby” seemed to be a common term people used when talking about male celebrities. They would frequently say “my hubby this” and “my hubby that,” not to mention the fact that Mo Xicheng was a dream lover for many fans and a prince charming. 
There was a time when she had daydreamed about her idol being exclusively hers, but it was only now, when the moment had finally arrived, that she realized the weight the word carried. 
She widened her eyes and stared at him, forgetting that she had just been teasing him a moment ago. Now she was only focused on how to bring herself to call him hubby. 
As she was struggling with this new idea, he finally said, “I’m just teasing you, you’re being so serious.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
How could she not be serious?! 
This was indeed her husband. 
In the blink of an eye, she snapped out of her dazed state. She immediately wondered why it was that she seemed to be so easily fooled by Mo Xicheng. 
She retaliated at once, “But shouldn’t you be changing the way you address me too?” 
No sooner than she had said this, the words came out with ease at the slight movement of his mouth, “Wifey.” 
Wifey. 
Those words, in his low and resonant voice, carried with them a charisma and charm that could somehow touch her heart in an uncanny way. 
Causing a numbing sensation to spread throughout her body. 
She smiled helplessly as her face started to burn. 
She raised her hands and covered her cheeks with them. 
Ahhhhhhh… So shy.
###Chapter 1348: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (21) 
Seeing that the scarlet hue on her face was deepening by the second and it looked as though smoke was almost rising from it now, he immediately fell silent and stopped teasing her. 
But deep down inside, he couldn’t help grinning. 
This little girl, just a bit of teasing and she turned red so easily
As he had this thought, the restaurant where he had made his booking appeared before them. 
He drove towards it and stopped right outside. As he was about to get out of the car, he saw Shi Nianyao looking at him nervously with widened eyes. It was a look that was all at once passionate, hopeful and restless. 
He paused and realized that he had said that once he stopped the car, he would kiss her. 
She had taken it for real again. 
Mo Xicheng absolutely burst out laughing when he saw her nervous and comfortable expression. 
He couldn’t help himself from saying, “Yao Yao.” 
“What?” 
“Get out of the car. Dinner time.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
He wasn’t going to kiss her?! 
All that nervousness for nothing. 
“Oh.” 
Her eyes clouded over and she started to move out of her seat and get out of the car. 
But suddenly, she heard him call out, “Yao Yao.” 
“What?” 
The next moment, she was grabbed by the shoulder and pulled back into the front passenger seat. Following that, Mo Xicheng’s lips pressed gently onto hers. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
A light contact, then Mo Xicheng pulled himself back. 
Her heart started to race as she looked at him anxiously. 
The man said, “There are people in line for parking space. We… have all the time in the world tonight.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
She instantaneously felt all the blood in her body rush to her face, as though the overloaded vessels would burst and bleed. What was she going to do
She lowered her head and got out of the car. Following the man, they entered the restaurant. 
At first, while still trying to get over her shyness, she did not notice anything strange about the surroundings. But after she had taken a few more steps into the restaurant, she halted. 
Mo Xicheng turned around. 
She looked at him and asked, “Is the food in this restaurant particularly bad?” 
Surprised by that remark, he asked, “Why do you say that?” 
“Because look, it’s already meal time yet there’s no one in this restaurant.” 
After she had made this remark, Mo Xicheng paused and looked at her, a little stumped. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Then the girl realized that her remark was extremely silly. 
She said with astonishment, “You reserved the whole place?” 
He walked up to her and helplessly said, “Uh huh, I reserved the entire restaurant. It’s our first day as newly-weds and I don’t want any interruptions.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
All her life, she had only seen two men reserve a whole establishment. 
One was her brother, when he took his wife out for a meal. 
The other was her father, when he took her mom out for a meal. 
Each time, when she asked to be taken along, or whenever she had asked them to book the whole place for her meal with them, both men would tell her simultaneously, “You’ll find that man who will book a place for you one day.” 
And now that man had appeared in her life. 
Shi Nianyao looked at the man and smiled immediately. 
She followed Mo Xicheng as they walked further into the restaurant. Then upstairs, near the window, there was a laid out table. 
It was a small table, very cozy and intimate for the couple. 
He walked towards it. 
At once, someone served up the appetizer. i?r． ?m
“Here, try some.” 
Mo Xicheng held it out to her. 
She took a bite and suddenly yelled, “Ah!”
###Chapter 1349: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (22) 
She had bitten something hard, like a stone. 
She felt around it with her tongue and then paused. 
The shape of the . 
She spat it out quickly and saw that among what she had spat out, there was a diamond ring. 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Startled, she looked up and saw that Mo Xicheng had stood up at the same time. He walked towards her, a step at a time. 
He picked up the diamond ring and wiped it with a napkin. Looking at her, he got down on one knee and held the ring up saying, “Yao Yao, will you marry me?” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
In the past, she had always thought that doing things like hiding a ring among a bouquet or in food was so cliche. 
She had even thought that in the future, her own boyfriend would never do such a thing. 
But when this really happened, she had to admit that she was extremely surprised. 
It was too big a surprise, in fact. 
To the point that she felt like she was floating in the clouds. 
She looked down at the ring. 
Then shifted her gaze towards Mo Xicheng. 
She was greeted by the sincerity in his eyes. 
She bit her lip as she teared up. 
Even though she knew that this was so cliche, she had to admit that this way of proposing was still the most touching. 
She slowly held out her hand and he slipped the ring into her finger. 
She took a careful look at the ring and asked, “When did you buy this?” 
He had only proposed the night before, when he had taken her home. And this morning they had rushed to the city hall before the shops opened. When could he have had the time to buy a ring
He answered, “I bought it well in advance.” 
Well in advance
This meant that he had intended to propose all this time
She felt her face burning again. 
Then she broke into a broad smile. 
Mo Xicheng got onto his feet. Right about this time, a violinist appeared. 
A beautiful tune rang through the restaurant. 
Mo Xicheng then seemed to pull a bouquet of flowers out from thin air. He held the bouquet out to her and said, “Wifey, happy wedding day.” 
Shi Nianyao was speechless. 
She took the flowers, feeling like she was on top of the world. 
Later on, she wouldn’t even remember what she had had to eat, or if the food served by this restaurant was tasty. 
She only remembered that as she left the restaurant after eating, they had gotten into the car and driven a long way. And as she began to recover from her daze, she asked him curiously, “Where are we going?” 
Mo Xicheng glanced at her and answered, “To the hotel.” 
She was slightly taken aback and asked, “… What? To where?” 
“To a holiday villa hotel in the suburbs. I’ve made a reservation. We’ll stay there tonight.” 
Stay there. 
When those words hit her, her face turned crimson. 
Ahhhhhhh! 
What were the two of them going to be doing in a hotel on their wedding night
She coughed and continued, “Well, what are we doing in the afternoon?” 
“We can do whatever you feel like.” 
“Watch a movie?” 
“Sure. There is a cinema next to the hotel.” 
“And what are we having for dinner after the movie?” 
“You.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!!
###Chapter 1350: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (23) ra. ?ｍ
The male idol was unbelievably playful under his stuffy front. 
Shi Nianyao felt as though her whole body was burning up, she was terribly bashful. 
She cleared her throat and turned to look out of the car window at the scenery, smiling at the same time. 
Now she was with Mo Xicheng, they were married. 
It was about 4 p.m. by the time the car pulled up at the villa hotel. 
They parked, got out of the car and strolled around the hotel grounds. 
Because it was a suburban area, there weren’t many people around. Furthermore, the hotel management was strict so there were even less people in the hotel grounds. 
Mo Xicheng removed his mask and sunglasses and strolled around with Shi Nianyao. 
Their villa was placed in a landscaped garden, and there was fake scenery around. Walking among the mountains and streams gave one the feeling of meandering around nature. 
Shi Nianyao looked at the fish in the stream and exclaimed with excitement, “The water is so clear!” 
“Yes, the water source in this area should be from the hot springs.” 
Immediately, her eyes lit up and she asked, “Can we go to the hot springs then?” 
“Of course.” 
She was just about to suggest that they should definitely do it, when she noticed that Mo Xicheng’s eyes had darkened. At once, she swallowed her words. 
Entering the hot springs meant that she had to be in her swimsuit, of course. 
She couldn’t help but start to imagine her idol in his swimming trunks. 
His firm muscles and seductive body, in addition to his perfectly handsome face. Wow! 
Ahhhhhhh! 
She felt bashful just thinking about it. 
But as that thought ran through her mind, Mo Xicheng was already saying, “Let’s go and swim in the hot springs.” 
“What?” Shi Nianyao was taken by surprise. 
“You’re curious to see me, aren’t you?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Was he able to read her mind
How did he know what she was thinking
But the way he said it… Why did he make it sound like she was such a pervert
Her expression stiffened at once as she said, “Huh, I think there’s something fundamentally wrong with what you’ve just said.” 
Mo Xicheng: …?
“If we went into the hotspring together, you’d see me too. So it’s fair and square!” 
So what Mo Xicheng had said about her taking advantage of him was untrue. 
However, Shi Nianyao somehow felt that between her checking out his body and him checking hers out, he would get away with a much better deal. 
Mo Xicheng continued, “Uh uh, I’ve seen you naked anyway.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
She remembered that time she had been filming in Hengdian and she had been showering in his hotel room during one occasion, but her idol had dashed in. 
Ahhhhhhh! 
She suddenly blushed yet again. 
“Or… could it be that you’re afraid?” he leaned towards her and said in her ears. 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Biting her lip, she said defiantly, “Who’s afraid? We’ll go and relax a bit! Let’s go!” 
They walked towards the private hotspring. 
They found a small room meant for two and went to the shop next door to purchase swimsuits. 
Because coming to this place had been a last-minute plan, they hadn’t brought anything with them. 
When they entered the shop, Shi Nianyao was about to walk to the women’s section when Mo Xicheng suddenly reached out for her hand. She spun around and saw him grinning from ear to ear, saying, “Why don’t you come and help me choose?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Helping her idol pick his swimming trunks?! 
Her eyes lit up in a flash, but at the same time she also felt embarrassed beyond belief. 
She gulped as her gaze fell on the rows and rows of swim trunks. Then she walked to the side and pretended to casually pick out a pair of the smallest size, holding it out to him.
###Chapter 1351: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (24) 
Mo Xicheng stared at the swim trunks as though clearly understanding her good intentions, so he laughed helplessly. He casually handed it over to the attendant, turned back to her and asked, “I’ll help you choose yours now?” 
Shi Nianyao immediately gestured with her hands, like a frightened kitten. “No, no, I’ll do it myself!” 
Then she ran away and selected the most conservative one-piece red swimsuit. She came back quickly. 
As she was about to give the swimsuit to the attendant, she saw Mo Xicheng staring at it. 
She asked him, “What are you looking at?” 
“Ermmm, this size doesn’t really fit you, I think.” 
She was taken aback and looked down at the swimsuit, saying, “It’s correct, this is a size M.” 
The man frowned and added, “But I think this part doesn’t quite go well with you.” 
He pointed at the area of the swimsuit that covered the chest. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She froze for a moment before she could react, “Hey! What do you mean?!” 
Mo Xicheng immediately laughed and said, “This sort of one-piece will make you look… smaller.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
It was the truth. 
She couldn’t refrain from turning the other way, to look at the bikini designs. 
Those sexy bikinis were simply… 
As she was trying to think of the word for it, Mo Xicheng said, “Since wifey has chosen mine, I’ll choose yours.” 
Having said this, he walked along the rack and found a red bikini. He held it up to show her. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Was that for swimming
It looked more like two pieces of ribbons. 
She grimaced and looked up. She was about to protest but now he was back and standing before her. 
Immediately, she swallowed her words and instead said, “Fine, this is it then.” 
Mo Xicheng walked over to the attendant and handed her their selected swimwear, saying, “I’d like to pay for these please.” 
– 
Once they purchased their swimwear, they walked towards the hot spring. 
When they got there, they went into their separate changing rooms to get changed. 
Mo Xicheng changed out of his clothes and into his swim trunks in the changing room. He looked into the mirror. 
Indeed, the trunks were quite sexy. They made his shoulders look broader, and his legs longer and more powerful. 
He was satisfied with what he saw in the mirror, but as he was on his way out, he suddenly turned back. Then he raised his hands to tidy up his hair. Once he felt that he looked perfect from all angles, he walked out of the changing room. 
In all honesty, he hadn’t seen much of Nianyao’s body the last time. It had just been a flash of pale skin and he hadn’t gotten a clear view at all. 
Hence, he smiled like an infatuated teenager when the thought that he would finally get a good look occurred to him. 
He walked out and waited outside the women’s changing room for a while. Then he called out, “Yao Yao, are you done?” 
“Almost! Give me a second!” 
“Ok.” 
He had all the patience in the world when it came to waiting for her. 
He leaned against the wall languidly. 
As his body came into contact with the icy coldness of the wall, he had a rude shock and shuddered involuntarily. 
He turned to glance at the wall, thought for a moment and leaned back on it again. 
He probably looked more stylish in this pose. 
Soon, he heard footsteps coming from the women’s changing room. 
He adjusted his pose and looked at her in a calm and unruffled manner. He expected that she would look like a shy and nervous rabbit, panicky and probably completely as red as beet. 
This thought alone made him chuckle uncontrollably. 
His Yao Yao was too shy.
###Chapter 1352: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (25) 
As he was still contemplating, he saw a figure walking out slowly. 
He narrowed his eyes. When the figure finally made that final turn and appeared at the doorway… 
Mo Xicheng: …! 
His pupils slightly shrank back and the corners of his mouth froze as he suddenly burst out laughing. 
Because… 
Shi Nianyao was standing in front of him in a nightgown! 
The nightgown was really too big for her and looked like it had swallowed her entirely. 
Then she said smugly, “It’s a little cold, so I’ll wear this to keep warm for a bit.” 
Her pair of graceful eyes were unrestrained as they swept up and down his body, taking a full measure of the man. 
Her eyes were piercing sharp, and he felt as though they were trying to see right through him. 
He didn’t speak but smiled as he held her hand and led her to the side of the hot spring. 
Once they stood by the water, Mo Xicheng glanced at her and asked, “Are you going in with your nightgown on?” 
Again, she had a smug expression on her face as she walked to a bench on the side and sat down. She said, “Of course not. I won’t go in today, I’ll watch you bathe instead.” 
Upon saying this, she raised one leg and crossed it over her other leg, looking at Mo Xicheng. 
“This little girl,” Mo Xicheng thought, “seems to be getting smarter.” 
He cast his gaze down and then said, “Alright, I’ll bathe first.” 
“Uh huh, go on.” 
Slowly, he got into the hot spring. 
Shi Nianyao watched from the side. Water drops fell on his firm shoulders and as the droplets rolled down, they shone with light making him look especially captivating. 
His face was red from the heat rising out of the spring, which added to his magnetism. 
Shi Nianyao gulped unconsciously. Her male idol was dashing on screen, but in real life it was even better. 
At least on screen, there wasn’t a scene of him bathing in a hot spring. 
Her eyes were fixed on him—it was a burning gaze. Mo Xicheng suddenly opened his eyes as he sat in the hot spring. Raising his hand, he waved at Shi Nianyao and said, “Come here.” 
“No!” 
“The temperature of the water is really comfortable. Even if you don’t want to get in, soak your feet.” 
At this point, she could no longer resist his suggestion. He was right. 
Hence, wrapped up in her nightgown, she walked to the edge of the pool and sat down, soaking her feet. 
The heat spread from her feet to the rest of her body in no time. She found herself relaxing as the hot water opened up her pores. 
Shi Nianyao looked up and said, “You’re right, the temperature is really comfortable. Hey, where are you?” 
Initially, he had been sitting in front of her, but now he had disappeared. All that was left was a wave of ripples. 
Then, that wave of ripples came towards her at high speed so that she had no time to react. Suddenly, something gripped her ankles! 
Following this, Mo Xicheng emerged from beneath, breaking the surface of the water, and immediately circled his arm around her waist, pulling her into the hot spring in one swift motion. 
The nightgown that was loosely hanging was floating around her in the water, and then it started to loosen up. 
By the time Shi Nianyao realized what had happened and managed to stand up in the water, the nightgown had fallen away from her and was floating on the water. 
She was now standing in her seductive bikini right in front of Mo Xicheng. 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Ahhhhhh! She’s been tricked yet again! nr. o
As this realization came to her, she felt Mo Xicheng’s hand press down against her lower back and, the next moment, he was holding her right against his chest.
###Chapter 1353: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (26) 
Shi Nianyao only saw a quick dark flash right before her chin was lifted, moving her head up. When she opened her mouth to speak, she was stopped by another pair of lips against hers. 
Immediately, they shared a passionate and deep kiss that left her in a daze, standing in that hot spring. 
As the emotions rose, Shi Nianyao unconsciously wrapped her legs around Mo Xicheng’s waist. 
Carrying her, he leaned against the rocks by the edge of the spring. 
The rock was icy cold against his back, while the body against his chest was scorching hot. 
She could feel something hard against her lower abdomen. 
Her head seemed to be swelling from the passionate kiss, to the point that she thought she was going to pass out. Mo Xicheng released his grip on her. 
It felt as though they were teetering on a dangerous edge, as they brushed lightly against each other. 
Shi Nianyao started, “I-” 
The moment she started speaking, she stopped short. 
Her voice was exceptionally gentle, seductive and somewhat coquettish, as though it would lead one right into temptation. 
The man’s eyes narrowed as he leaned to whisper into her ears, “Yao Yao.” 
She held her breath, not daring to say another word, as she began to feel something harden against her lower abdomen. A throbbing change was taking place. 
She gulped and looked around for a moment before saying, “Are- are you thinking of doing it?” 
It was their wedding night after all, so if he wanted it… then she was willing to give in. 
The moment she said those words, she could sense his pupils shrink back. 
His hand tightened against her back at once. 
She gulped. 
But he suddenly sighed and said, “Not right now.” 
Shi Nianyao: ?
He added, “Let’s wait for tonight.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She could see how unsatisfied he was and started laughing. 
She nodded and said, “You sure you don’t want it right now?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded back at her. 
But he regretted it the very next moment, as she grabbed his neck and started doing mischievous things to him. 
The close physical contact only caused him to feel as though all the blood in his body had gushed into one particular spot. 
He had to force himself to think of the arrangement he had made for tonight so that he had every reason now to hold himself back. 
He narrowed his eyes, obviously trying to keep himself under control now. 
After a moment, he pleaded helplessly, “Yao Yao, stop fooling around now.” 
She asked, “Why?” i?d. c?
“If this goes on, I won’t be able to hold myself back anymore.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She immediately slid away and scooped up the night gown, still floating on the water. 
As she moved, her body started to emerge from under the water. 
First her exquisite collarbone, next her generous chest, then her slim waist, that was perfectly shaped. 
Finally, her sexy and pert bottom. 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes darkened as he observed her lithe figure. 
He had to take a few deep breaths to calm the restless emotions in his chest. 
After a moment, he sighed. 
He shook his head helplessly as he got out of the pool after her. 
After bathing in the hot spring, they were both feeling rather hungry and headed for dinner. 
Mo Xicheng razed through his food, after which, he took Nianyao’s hand and said, “Nianyao, let’s go back to our room.”
###Chapter 1354: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (27) 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao laughed as she saw how impatient the man was getting. 
She nodded and followed Mo Xicheng back to their room. 
Thinking of what might happen next, Shi Nianyao felt a little nervous at once. 
This was like the big theme of the day, they had been building up to this moment all day. 
All the rooms in this villa hotel were premium suites, it was an extremely luxurious accommodation. 
The two of them walked in silence. 
They walked from the restaurant to the room hand-in-hand. 
A cold breeze brushed past and Shi Nianyao moved a little closer to Mo Xicheng to stay warm. 
Noticing her movement, he immediately slid his suit jacket off and draped it around her shoulders. 
Having had dinner, both of them had somewhat calmed down. At this moment, they were staring into the night sky. 
Even the weather had been good today. It had been a rare cloudless day and now the stars that filled the skies could be seen clearly. 
Shi Nianyao looked up at the constellations and suddenly asked, “Mo Xicheng, did you know that’s my favorite star?” 
He paused and lifted his gaze towards the sky. 
“The Big Dipper?” 
“Nope.” 
“Venus?” 
“Nope.” 
“Then what is it?” 
“You- Idiot.” 
Then she started laughing aloud after she had said that. She took two steps forward, turned back and looked at him, saying, “Don’t you know? You’re the brightest star in my opinion! In the past I always felt anxious about you, about the fact that after so many years in show business, you hadn’t made it big. But now I’m no longer so… because as long as you’re a star, you’re bound to shine. And I believe that one day you’ll become the most dazzling star in the sky!” 
He was stunned by her words. 
Looking steadily at her, he laughed involuntarily. He had never thought that Shi Nianyao was in fact so full of hopes for him. i?d. o
The fact was that he had almost given up on himself. 
He had always been cautious not to stand out too much in the entertainment circle, otherwise his real identity and background could be exposed. 
He had been suppressed at home. Every time there was so much as a scandal, Yao Lili would either berate or hit him. 
So he had only hovered in that state perpetually, never getting to become a hot celebrity. He could just make some money and wouldn’t starve. 
But now… 
He wanted to give the best of the world to this woman before him. 
He suddenly felt like he had a goal in life. 
Looking intently at Shi Nianyao as he pondered these thoughts, he saw that she had suddenly turned around to face him and exclaimed, “Oh no! Is your movie Ambition debuting today?” 
He paused and then immediately nodded. 
It was today, which was why in a moment of impulse, he had registered their marriage yesterday. 
Because today was a turning point in his life. 
However the moment he nodded, Shi Nianyao jumped onto her feet and yelled, “Ahhhhh! You’re too much! Why didn’t you say so earlier?! I actually forgot to buy tickets! I wanted to watch the movie, I wanted to support it.” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “I can arrange it if you want to watch it.” 
“No, I want to watch it at the movies!” 
Mo Xicheng protested, “But tonight—” 
“It’s only 7 p.m. now. We will still have time for our wedding night after we catch the movie.” 
Mo Xicheng wondered why he had even told her that the movie was premiering tonight. 
He turned back and took one look at their room, which had been specially prepared for the evening, and sighed. 
It looked like there were a few more hours to go before he could have her.
###Chapter 1355: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (28) 
Although this was a suburban area, there was a cinema about five kilometers away. 
So in his mask, sunglasses and baseball cap, Mo Xicheng drove Shi Nianyao and they arrived at the cinema. 
They bought two tickets. As Shi Nianyao was about to enter the theatre, Mo Xicheng suddenly grabbed her hand. 
She turned around and saw that he was looking at a couple some distance away. They were holding popcorn and a big cup of soft drink. 
There were two straws sticking out of the cup and the couple had their heads lowered over the cup, drinking through the straws. 
He narrowed his eyes and asked, “Do you want to get some snacks?” 
They just had dinner and right now, Shi Nianyao was still feeling stuffed. Hence she replied, “No.” 
Mo Xicheng, however, said, “I want some.” 
Surprised, Shi Nianyao asked, “Didn’t you have enough to eat just now?” 
He muttered, “Nope.” 
“Well then, go get some.” 
He nodded and walked to the queue. After he bought popcorn and a soft drink, the two of them held hands and walked into the cinema. 
It was dim in the room. The couple made their way to their seats and sat down. 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes shone with excitement in the dark as she said, “Ahhhhh, I can finally watch my idol’s movie!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
“You have no idea, you act in so few movies, so it’s a rare chance to watch one.” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and said, “Very few, that’s true.” 
“It’s not just very few. It’s pathetically few. Just when you do really well in a supporting role and have a chance to progress, you go all quiet again.” 
Shi Nianyao sighed and said, “Why is it so difficult to make it big?” 
He listened quietly to her lament. 
She continued, “You know, we fans have disputes among ourselves too. When we like a particular celebrity, we hope that he makes it big, and I belong to the group of fans that has been following you around for the longest time. All of us have been vouching for you! When we finally heard you were taking a lead role, we were all so excited.” 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help shaking his head when he heard this. 
As they chatted quietly, the two people seated in front of them suddenly started to talk. 
Both of them were young ladies. Staring at the screen, one of them said, “Here’s something I heard. You know how initially, the male lead for this movie was Shen Liangchuan?” 
The other lady nodded and said, “Yes, why?” 
“Well, it was supposed to have been Shen Liangchuan, but because Mo Xicheng did some sexual favours to the investor, they took away the role from Shen Liangchuan and gave it to Mo Xicheng.” n?.＆nbsp;
“Freaking hell, no way! They actually took Best Actor Shen out of the role?” 
“I heard that the investor is a lady and super-rich. Her family owns a huge enterprise. Look at Mo Xicheng’s pretty boy face.. tsk tsk!” 
“Now that you say that, I also feel that it’s possible Mo Xicheng’s sugar mummy is an old and ugly woman. It could be the reason why he has never done advertisements all these years. The entertainment industry is a complex thing.” 
“Ah, at first I was really looking forward to this film, but when they changed the male lead, I lost interest. On the big screen, isn’t this Mo Xicheng’s acting a bit stiff? But anyway, I was bored today so I didn’t mind watching the movie.” 
The other lady nodded. 
Shi Nianyao turned to glance at Mo Xicheng after hearing this conversation.
###Chapter 1356: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (29) 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow and then turned to stare at Shi Nianyao, asking, “Old and ugly investor?” 
Shi Nianyao was hopping mad as she looked back at him. “Am I old? Am I ugly?” 
The man burst out laughing. 
She pouted angrily and complained, “I’ve finally discovered how baseless claims can be.” 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow again. 
Angrily, she took a sip of the soft drink and then turned to Mo Xicheng, saying in a low voice, “I’ll tell you something.” 
Arching his eyebrow, he said, “Go on.” 
She started giggling as she said, “A couple of years ago, some bored soul came up with a celebrity ranking based on face value. Best Actor Shen came in first, of course, but this person ranked you last. Right after that, the comment section was flooded with remarks saying you were dashing and your acting skills were great. They started to make guesses as to why you hadn’t made it big. Regarding this question alone, there were so many theories. Do you want to hear about them?” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “I don’t, really.” 
Looking at her cheeky face, he already knew that what she was about to say next would not be good news of any sort. So why would he be interested in it
But that spoiled look on her was hilarious for Mo Xicheng. 
She cleared her throat once and started, “But I want to tell you about it, so you have to listen whether you like it or not.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
She continued, “The first thing they guessed was that you must be a rich second-generation heir of some corporation and kept a low profile because of your status. This guess was basically correct. The second theory was a little far-fetched. They said you were gay! Hahahaha!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes and blinked, saying, “Actually, I did suspect that you might be gay. You were never in any scandals all these years, you never had a relationship, so I thought that you were surely gay.” e?. o
He replied, “It looks like I have to work hard to correct my reputation tonight.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She looked at his serious expression and her heart skipped a beat. 
That was the end of her. She and her big mouth. Now she was in trouble! 
Correct his reputation tonight… How else could he possibly do it
Why did this man seem so evil all the time? He was perpetually trying to trick her! 
Immediately, she fell silent. 
At this point, Mo Xicheng asked, “And what about the third theory” 
Shi Nianyao quickly replied, “None, I’m sure there’s none!” 
If she were to say more, it was almost guaranteed that she wouldn’t be able to get out of bed the next morning. 
Mo Xicheng held out his hand and said, “Good girl.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
The two of them fell silent. The two women’s voices could be heard again. 
“You may be here for a movie because you’re bored, but I’m here for my Chen Junjie!” 
Chen Junjie was the actor who had vied with Mo Xicheng for the leading role during filming. Not only had he not been able to suck up to Qiao Yiyi successfully, but he had also eventually gotten Mo Xicheng’s initial supporting role. 
“Chen Junjie is so popular now!” 
“That’s right, my Big Brother Jie is really superb. I heard that when Best Actor Shen left, Big Brother Jie was supposed to take over the lead role, and it was that gigolo who got in the way. Huh, someone who depends on selling his body and pretty looks to climb the ladder… His films and acting skills surely suck! I think this movie is going to depend on Big Brother Jie to hold things together.” 
Upon hearing this, Shi Nianyao was livid.
###Chapter 1357: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (30) 
Chen Junjie had shot to fame as a young idol because he had acted in a melodramatic idol movie. 
When he was approached for this minor supporting role, the TV series he had acted in had not yet been released. Hence, this had been mostly a result of the bond he had with his company. 
Later on, the TV series happened to be released at an opportune time when there were no competing series being aired. Hence by fluke, this idol drama had caught on and become popular. 
Because of this, he had suddenly become the hottest young male idol of the time. 
Given this, having him go back to a minor support role would have been a waste of talent. 
However, even if this was the case, he still did not have what it would have taken to be the male lead of a huge production like Ambition. 
On the contrary, although Mo Xicheng had never made it big, he had undeniably withstood the test of time and held his position in show business. On top of this, he was a high-skilled actor. Hence in terms of seniority and experience in the industry, he was far ahead of Chen Junjie. 
So how could it be possible that Mo Xicheng had stolen Chen Junjie’s role
Shi Nianyao frowned. As protective as she was of her male idol, she said aloud to the two ladies in front, “Hey, will the two of you mind your words? It’s fine if you like Chen Junjie, but do you have to criticize my idol? Everyone has their own idols that they follow with reason and logic. There are other people in the cinema, and I’m sure there are plenty of Mo Xicheng’s fans. You—” 
Before she could finish, one of the ladies had gotten onto her feet and retorted loudly, “I find your remark interesting. What has our private conversation got to do with you? Oh, I know, you must be a fan of Mo Xicheng! But I’d like to ask everyone here if they know who Mo Xicheng is? I think most of us here are Chen Junjie’s fans.” 
Usually, those who attended movie premieres were loyal fans. 
At once, someone sitting near Shi Nianyao spoke up, “I’m Idol Mo’s fan! What’s your problem with Idol Mo? Is it a crime to be low-profile? Someone with a low-profile can’t take a male lead role?” 
Shi Nianyao immediately looked at the person who had spoken up and saw that it was a lady about her own age. She had a round face, short hair, and a pair of extremely lively eyes. 
When Chen Junjie’s fan heard this, she smirked and said, “These days, filming’s all about seniority and experience! Chen Junjie is a hot celebrity, so it’s not surprising that he would get a supporting role next to Best Actor Shen. But what makes Mo Xicheng deserve this? Chen Junjie has got tens of millions of fans on Weibo, but what about your Mo Xicheng? He’s a second-rate actor with a few million fans. Doesn’t it say something when you’ve been in show business for so many years and never got popular? Huh…” 
The girl with the round face shook in anger upon hearing these words. She said, “Stop saying that. Idol Mo will become really popular, it’s just a matter of time! What gives you the right to look down on him?!” 
“Tsk tsk.” The other lady looked back at her mockingly and said, “Just a matter of time. How many years have you fans been saying this? But what’s the reality? A male actor who has not made it big after seven or eight years in the industry says alot about his lack of talent! No matter how hard he works or whatever sexual favors he gives, he’ll only be a second-rate celebrity at best.”
###Chapter 1358: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (31) 
When the short-haired girl heard this, she got anxious at once and said, “What are you talking about? My idol is not as terrible as you make him out to be!” 
“Well then, why hasn’t he made it big? I’d like to ask everyone in this cinema if they’ve ever heard of Mo Xicheng? But everyone knows who Chen Junjie is.” 
When she said this, many of the fans in the cinema showed their agreement. 
“That’s right, I’m here because of Big Brother Jie.” 
“Exactly, who cares about Mo Xicheng?!” 
Chen Junjie was at the peak of his popularity and he had scores of fans. 
“You- you people,” the short-haired girl’s voice trembled in anger. “Even if male idol is not so popular, he is the lead. Your Chen Junjie still had to play a supporting role.” 
That lady fan of Chen Junjie immediately said in response, “This is a joke. So what if he’s the male lead? Let me ask everyone here, how many of you are Chen Junjie’s fans? Just raise your hands and we will be able to tell who is the most popular actor.” 
At once, people across the cinema started to raise their hands. At one glance, there must have been two thirds of the audience who were Chen Junjie’s fans. 
“Well, you see that? What have you got to say now? Clearly, your Mo Xicheng depends on our Chen Junjie’s ability to attract the audience.” 
The short-haired girl was speechless. 
Mo Xicheng’s fans immediately became the disadvantaged minority. 
Shi Nianyao felt an extreme ache in her heart when she saw this. 
It wasn’t because of the fans, but because of Mo Xicheng. 
He had the looks, the acting skills, the right connections and people skills. Not to mention Shen Liangchuan, but even she could easily invest in a few movies which would catapult him to as much fame as Shen Liangchuan had. 
But this man had always deliberately kept a low profile. 
She had seen him film. 
He didn’t have airs of superiority and displayed a serious attitude when at work. 
He was always the one setting the tempo during filming, to allow the weaker actors to slip into their roles more easily. 
He would even set aside his personal time to personally rehearse scenes with his female lead, just so that the outcome would be more professional. 
But what right did these people have
Shi Nianyao clenched her fists tightly. 
The short-haired girl was now somewhat choking and her eyes were bloodshot. She said, “Even if Chen Junjie is more popular, you shouldn’t slander my male idol.” 
The Chen Junjie fan sneered icily, but before she could say another word, Shi Nianyao spoke, “So what if he’s so popular?!” ?ne?. ?ｍ
She got up on her feet. As a fair-skinned beauty, she had an air of authority that came from being the daughter of the Shi family. Her gaze swept the cinema like she was the leader of the pack. Everyone fell silent as they lifted their head to look at her. 
Taking a long hard look at these Chen Junjie fans, she spoke after a pause in a steady voice that rang clearly in everyone’s ears, “This industry doesn’t lack new blood. It may be Chen Junjie today, but who was it last year? Does anyone remember? Where is he now? And the year before that? Do you remember? Every year there is a hot young idol, or even a few, but how many times have they won Best Actor awards? And who are the ones who have truly gained respect? You judge a person’s standing by his popularity in that moment? Then what about Best Actor Shen? Chen Junjie has 70 million fans on Weibo, but Best Actor Shen has only more than 50 million. And would you dare say Best Actor Shen is not as popular as Chen Junjie?”
###Chapter 1359: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (32) 
After hearing her words, the place was immediately silent. 
Everyone stared at her. ?n?а. ?m
Shi Nianyao continued speaking, “As an actor, his job is to act. What’s the point of all of you fighting about who’s more famous and who’s the one bringing in the audience? The movie is right about to play and we should first look at who’s the soul of the movie before talking about the rest!” 
“You can fight about who’s really the star of the movie after that.” 
She sat down after saying these words dominantly. 
The short-haired girl beside her lifted her head up and glanced at her with shining eyes. 
Chen Junjie’s fan was stunned by Shi Nianyao. When she returned to her senses and wanted to argue back, the girl beside her held her back. Just in that moment, the lights in the cinema suddenly turned off and the soundtrack of the movie played. It was starting! 
Everyone, with the thought of comparing whose idol was better, was staring at the big screen, eager to prove who was more charismatic. 
The intro song ended. 
And the movie began. 
The first scene was a person who was riding on a journey alone. 
The person was splattered with the dust on the floor 
The camera shot closed in from far. 
Then, they could see that the person on the horse was Chen Junjie. 
He was in period clothing, he looked really professional on the horse. 
Amazed sounds were heard in the cinema. 
The fan sitting in front of Shi Nianyao instantly turned around and looked at her arrogantly. She lowered her voice and sneered, “Isn’t the beginning of the movie relying on my idol to get attention? Also, who says that the acting skills of my idol aren’t good? His acting is so natural!” 
After she said so, Shi Nianyao couldn’t help but sneer. 
When they were filming this scene, Shi Nianyao had been on the filming set. Chen Junjie hadn’t known how to ride a horse and the scene of him riding a horse had been taken in a car. The scene from afar had been filmed using a stunt actor. 
But she was too lazy to explain anything. 
Everyone continued watching the movie. 
Chen Junjie rode the horse, sped through the small road and rushed into a building in the suburbs. 
Once he arrived, he got off the horse. 
At that moment, there were already a few people standing in the hallway. 
Seeing Chen Junjie walk over, everyone started greeting him. Chen Junjie smiled and asked, “Is he not here?” 
Everyone started nodding. 
Someone spoke, “Meng De has been gone for so many years, I might not even be able to recognize him.” 
“Aish, this person. When he’s around, we never have a day of peace, but honestly, when he’s gone, I kind of miss him.” 
“Same. He agreed that we would wait for him, but it’s already been so long. Why hasn’t he arrived?” 
With a few words, they introduced the male lead. 
Just as everyone was casually conversing, they suddenly heard an exclamation. “He’s here!” 
Everyone looked over. 
They saw a person who was bending down and riding on a strong red horse, running towards them at a furious speed. 
While riding at a furious speed, he picked up the horsewhip and started waving it in their direction. 
At that moment, it was obvious who had won. 
The image portrayed by an artist in a movie shot was based on the camera, as well as the disposition of the person. Although Chen Junjie didn’t have a good character, he looked really good on camera and that was precisely the reason why he had become famous. 
But stunt actors were different. His stunt actor had a completely different disposition from him. The scene where the stunt actor had been riding the horse at the start of the movie had brought along elegance. However, if one observed it carefully, you would find that the movements, though really natural, didn’t bring along the unique disposition and feeling artists had in front of the camera. 
But at this present moment… 
Mo Xicheng had personally done the riding scene.
###Chapter 1360: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (33) 
His face could be clearly seen from afar. The camera zoomed in and continued filming. 
His whole face had a positive masculine feeling. 
It was exactly like the unrestrained Cao Cao in his younger years. The energy of a crazy youth could be felt in him. His depiction of Cao Cao was perfect. 
Just a scene of him riding the horse had really clearly brought out the character, directly building up his personality. 
Everyone present had quietened down. 
They quietly focused on the big screen. 
After one minute had passed, everyone suddenly realized something. 
When they had just seen Chen Junjie, they had thought that he was really eye-catching, but at that present moment, after Mo Xicheng had appeared, all of their gazes were on Mo Xicheng. 
They were totally unable to move their gaze away. 
Unknowingly, everyone had their full attention on his expressions. 
Just when everyone realized the issue, there was a commotion in the cinema. 
Someone couldn’t resist but softly say, “Why do I feel that… Idol Mo is indeed more handsome than Chen Junjie?” 
After she said so, the place immediately quietened down. 
Everyone stared at the big screen unwillingly. 
Before, Chen Junjie and Mo Xicheng had filmed separately. 
But finally, they were in the same scene. 
The moment both of them were in the same scene, everyone’s gaze focused on them. 
Chen Junjie, who had originally been rather good in filming idol dramas, obviously had worse acting skills than Mo Xicheng. 
When everyone saw Mo Xicheng, they felt that this person was Cao Cao, they might even forget that that person was Mo Xicheng. 
However, when they looked at Chen Junjie, they could obviously feel that it was Chen Junjie. 
He was unable to put down his idol baggage from acting idol dramas. He still carried the vibes from being an arrogant boss in the movie. 
For television dramas, the show would appear on small screens and the negative parts would be minimized. Everyone would notice more how handsome the guy was. However now on the big screen, it was obvious that he was lacking in acting skills. 
As everyone watched him, they felt that they were unable to focus on his character in the show. 
When the two of them stood together, Mo Xicheng was as if he was the real nobleman, who was rich and filled with arrogance. Meanwhile, Chen Junjie was a countryman who had suddenly become rich and he was totally eclipsed by Mo Xicheng. 
There was almost no need for Mo Xicheng’s fans to say anything. Everyone present at the scene was speechless from watching such a movie. 
Shi Nianyao had obviously noticed that the two girls in front of her were somewhat speechless at that moment. 
She sneered and then continued staring at the big screen. 
She didn’t even want to even shift her gaze slightly away from Mo Xicheng’s face until someone pulled her sleeve. She confusedly looked back at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng picked up the popcorn and put one in her mouth. 
Shi Nianyao opened her mouth, ate a mouthful of popcorn and continued staring at the screen, 
Mo Xicheng: … 
The real person was right beside her, but she was still staring at the big screen, it really made his heart ache. 
But he was actually jealous of himself in the show, which was kind of funny. . m
Mo Xicheng shook his head and started focusing on serving Shi Nianyao. 
One moment he was passing her the popcorn, the other he was placing the cola next to her mouth, watching her swallow a big mouthful of it.
###Chapter 1361: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (34) 
Mo Xicheng’s gaze fell on the red lips she had casually opened. 
Her lips were like opium. This reminded him of how they had tasted like today and he felt addicted. 
He swallowed his saliva and shifted his gaze away. Then he lifted his hands and drank a mouthful of coke, trying to suppress the agitation in his heart. 
The movie lasted two hours. 
After finishing the movie, Shi Nianyao’s eyes were still red. 
The movie had depicted the first half of Cao Cao’s life, until he settled down. It felt as if the hero had reached the end of his journey. 
The name of the movie was Ambition, but the content of the movie had been when Cao Cao had shown the most integrity in his life. 
It had been the failure of the imperial court that had led to his rebellion. 
At first, he was appointed to a camp at the north of Luoyang. The moment he was appointed, he had set rules, strict law and discipline. 
After that, an eunuch that the king favored went against his rules. Cao Cao had mercilessly sentenced him to death. 
Thus, Cao Cao offended some influential officials. After that, due to the incident, his post was lowered and he got transferred to Doncho as the magistrate. 
After some time, because of his cousin’s husband (Chen Junjie, acting as Song Qi) being killed by an eunuch, he was affected and it resulted in him being taken away from his position. 
He had nothing to do in Luoyang, so he was forced to return back to his hometown and stop working. 
The gist of the story was to show how unjust Cao Cao’s life had been, how he had fought with the corrupted officials till the end. But in the end, he still hadn’t been able to stand the pressure from the imperial court and his pure dream had been destroyed. 
At the end of the movie, he left Luoyang. At the leaving road, he stared at the door of Luoyang and in his gaze, flashed sadness and deep thought. 
Of course, it was also due to these incidents that a person with great ambition like him had decided to walk down that road. 
Mo Xicheng stood there, and the camera zoomed closer and closer. 
Until the end, when the camera stopped at his closed-in face 
His eyes brought sadness, he had already seen through the world. They also brought along a strong unwillingness to concede. 
This gaze of his deeply overwhelmed everyone in the theater. 
Everyone was staring at those eyes, deeply affected by the feelings they stirred. 
The movie ended and the lights in the movie theater were turned on. 
But the people sitting there only seemed to return to their senses after ten seconds. They then quietly stood up. 
The short-haired girl had already cried till she was in a really bad state. As she cried, she shouted, “This is the Idol Mo that we love, this is Mo Xicheng! It’s alright if you didn’t know him before, but do you know him now?” 
Some of the Chen Junjie fans in the surroundings kept quiet, while some of them hesitated. red. 
In a movie, it was really obvious who was good and who was bad. 
But in that moment, the girl who sat in front of Shi Nianyao stood up and said, “Heh, that’s so funny. So what if we know him? The person we still love is Chen Junjie! Also, the people watching the movie here are Chen Junjie’s fans. Even if everyone had gotten to know Mo Xicheng through this movie, he’s just benefitting from the popularity of Chen Junjie.” 
The short-haired girl immediately frowned and asked, “Why are you talking like this? You—” 
Before she could finish speaking, the person sneered and replied, “This is how I talk. How many good films did your Mo Xicheng star in? You can’t deny that his acting skills have all along been decent, he is a senior actor, but so what?”
###Chapter 1362: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (35) 
“After so many years, he is still unable to rise to fame, he can just forget about ever doing so in his life. Even if he is the male lead this time, he will always have the role of the male supporting actor.” 
After saying this, she picked up her bag and strode out in big steps. 
Shi Nianyao frowned. She knew that the girl was in a shameful rage. 
She was upset after realizing that her idol was not as good as others. 
However even if so, this girl should not have harmed others. 
She took a deep breath, wanting to argue back, but Mo Xicheng suddenly held her wrist. 
Shi Nianyao turned behind in confusion and saw Mo Xicheng shaking his head. 
Shi Nianyao signalled a question using his eyes. “What’s wrong?” 
Mo Xicheng remained silent for a moment before he slowly replied, “Don’t worry, it’s nothing much.” 
After hearing this, Shi Nianyao shut up and stood still on the spot. 
She stared at Mo Xicheng and looked at him for a very long time. Then she slowly sighed, relieving the sadness that was rooted deeply in her chest. She nodded at Mo Xicheng, wanting to walk out with him. 
As both of them walked around the cinema and were about to go outside, someone suddenly called out, “Wait a minute!” 
Surprised, Shi Nianyao turned back and saw the short-haired girl running towards them. 
Her face was flushed as she stared at Shi Nianyao. Then she suddenly laughed, extended her hand towards Shi Nianyao and said, “My username is Pu Yun, thank you for showing your support for our Mo Xicheng just now.” 
Pu Yun
Wasn’t she the little manager of Mo Xicheng’s fan club
The fan club had been a fan initiative, it had been established when Mo Xicheng debuted a few years ago. 
Since Mo Xicheng did not have a lot of fans, the few hundreds of people in the fan club were especially united. After so many years, many fans had persisted in liking him. 
Pu Yun was one of Mo Xicheng’s crazy fans. 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes instantly lit up. “It’s you!” 
Pu Yun was surprised. “You know who I am?” 
Shi Nianyao was already laughing. “I am Niannian!” 
Pu Yun suddenly came to a realization. “You are Niannian! No wonder you dared to speak up for me today!” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Pu Yun took a deep breath and said, “Thank you so much for today!” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “It was nothing.” 
Why did it sound so strange that someone else had to thank her for speaking up for her own husband
Shi Nianyao looked at her red eyes and said, “You have suffered today.” 
Pu Yun immediately shook her head and said, “No, I do not feel sad, I have always felt that our idol is the one suffering from all of this.” 
When Shi Nianyao, she was slightly stunned. She turned and looked at Mo Xicheng, who was wearing sunglasses and a mask, covering himself tightly. She realized that although he was wearing shades, his gaze was still in her direction. r. o
Pu Yun sighed as he said, “For so many years, our idol has been considered a second-rate actor. He has acted so many times as the second lead and now that he’s finally getting the chance to act as the main lead, I really think that it isn’t easier.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded and said, “You are right. He was always good at acting, not just famous for his looks, don’t give up.” 
Who knew that once she said these words of comfort, Pu Yun would look up and say, “Niannian, we have been supporting our idol for so many years, do you think that he can really rise up to fame?” 
Hearing this, Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
She could hear the loss of hope in Pu Yun’s words. 
It wasn’t surprising. Being a fan of Mo Xicheng and seeing how he was criticized must have really upset her.
###Chapter 1363: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (36) 
Shi Nianyao knew that at that moment, Pu Yun wasn’t really doubting Mo Xicheng’s ability. Instead, she was searching for some comfort. 
Thus she slowly spoke, “He will become really popular. One day, he will become the brightest star in the entertainment industry. I believe it and you believe it too, right?” 
Pu Yun was influenced by the resilience in her voice and immediately nodded. “Yes, he’ll become popular.” n?d.＆nbsp;o
The two girls exchanged glances and smiled. 
After a while, Pu Yun spoke, “After knowing each other in the group for long, I never thought that we would meet in real life. Are you free tonight? Can we go grab a coffee and chat?” 
Just as Shi Nianyao was about to nod, her arm was nudged. She then realized that her new husband was standing behind her. 
She immediately smiled awkwardly and coughed. “Erm, I’m kind of busy tonight. Can we exchange phone numbers? Since we are both in Beijing, we will have a lot of chances to meet up.” 
Pu Yun’s gaze fell on Mo Xicheng and asked, “Is this your boyfriend?” 
Shi Nianyao immediately panicked and looked back at Mo Xicheng. She coughed and replied, “No.” 
Mo Xicheng paused and frowned. 
As an uncomfortable feeling rose up in him, he heard Shi Nianyao speak, “This is my husband. We have just registered our marriage today.” 
Pu Yun was instantly surprised. She stared at Shi Nianyao and said, “Congratulations to the both of you! Hope that you’ll be happy for the rest of your lives.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. “What about you? Do you have a boyfriend?” 
Pu Yun had often chatted with her online, so they were well acquainted. 
Pu Yun immediately shook her head and said, “But I’m in no hurry, I’m still waiting for my idol. Maybe one day the heavens will bless me and drop Idol Mo in front of me. How good will that be? Hahaha.” 
Shi Nianyao thought, “If that happens one day, she would be crying.” 
She awkwardly curved the corners of her lips and looked back at Mo Xicheng. She bid goodbye to Pu Yun and said, “If there’s nothing much, we’ll take our leave. Let’s chat on another day.” 
“Ok.” Pu Yun laughed, suddenly moved beside Shi Nianyao’s ear and whispered, “Niannian, your boyfriend’s figure really looks like Idol Mo, and he’s really nice to you. During the movie today, he kept feeding you. It really made me jealous! I think that your boyfriend is better than our idol!” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes immediately brightened up as she replied, “Thank you, I think so too!” 
Pu Yun laughed loudly and then separated from them. 
Shi Nianyao held Mo Xicheng’s hands and they walked hand in hand to the parking lot. 
On the way, Shi Nianyao couldn’t resist looking at Mo Xicheng. However, he kept quiet throughout. 
Shi Nianyao stuck out her tongue and followed him to the parking. 
As both of them entered the car, Mo Xicheng took off both his mask and sunglasses. 
Just as he was taking off his mask and sunglasses and was about to start the car, a person suddenly rushed in front of them. 
Pu Yun had suddenly appeared in front of the car. 
She was panting heavily, like she had something to tell Shi Nianyao. However, after seeing the situation in the car, she was instantly stunned. 
She widened her eyes in shock, staring in the car in disbelief.
###Chapter 1364: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (37) 
Shi Nianyao was shocked. She subconsciously covered Mo Xicheng’s head and pushed him. He then fell into her arms. 
Shi Nianyao lifted her head up. Through the windscreen, she could see that Pu Yun had her eyes open wide as she stared at them… But it also looked as if she wasn’t staring at them. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao swallowed and looked outside. She saw that Pu Yun was still standing there. She lowered the window and awkwardly smiled. “Pu Yun.” 
Pu Yun immediately became agitated. She suddenly rushed over and said, “Niannian, I didn’t know you were someone like that!” 
Shi Nianyao lowered her head guiltily and awkwardly smiled. She then said, “I didn’t hide it from you on purpose, I was just worried that-” 
She was worried that if the news of their marriage got spread, Yao Lili would commit suicide. 
Before she could finish speaking, Pu Yun sighed and said, “I understand, I understand, you rich people all love to play like this.” 
“What?” Shi Nianyao was confused. 
What did this have to do with being rich or not
The next moment, she heard Pu Yun say, “Pfft, look at you, no one would’ve expected that you drive such a luxurious car. You’re actually a second-generation rich girl. Niannian, you’re really lowkey!” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
So the reason why she was so surprised just now hadn’t been because of the person she had seen in the car, but because she had seen this car
Shi Nianyao instantly started giggling. Her expression was really awkward. 
It was definitely possible to see the man in the driver’s seat from the outside of the car, especially when it was at such a close distance. But this girl had been so attracted by the car that she had missed the man. 
Shi Nianyao had no idea whether to laugh bitterly or be thankful for her luck. 
She coughed and asked, “Why did you look for me?” 
Pu Yun hit her head and replied, “Yes, I suddenly recalled something when I was about to leave and rushed over.” 
“What is it?” 
“It’s just that next month is Idol Mo’s birthday. I have contacted his manager and we want to host a fan meeting in Beijing. As you’re in Beijing and one of the seniors in our fan group, I wanted to ask you if you wanted to go.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Mo Xicheng’s birthday was next month
She obviously had to be there on his birthday. 
Shi Nianyao instantly nodded and said, “I’ll go!” 
“Ok, we’re set!” 
Pu Yun continued, “I will leave a spot for you.” 
After saying that, her gaze went past her and landed on Mo Xicheng, who was caught in her arms and was being held from lifting his head. Confused, she asked, “What… is your husband doing?” 
Shi Nianyao coughed and said, “He’s shy and doesn’t like to meet people.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Pu Yun: …! 
Pu Yun couldn’t resist twitching her lips and nodding. “Ok then, I’ll leave.” 
Shi Nianyao waved her hand at her and bid goodbye. “Ok, ok.” ?nr?d. 
Seeing that Pu Yun had walked some distance away, Shi Nianyao heaved a sigh of relief. After that, she suddenly realized something and lowered her head. She realized that she had pressed Mo Xicheng’s face against her chest in that moment of panic. 
Her chest! 
Her face immediately turned red as she hurriedly let go of Mo Xicheng. 
Then, her eyes sparkled as she didn’t dare to speak. She stared at Mo Xicheng, coughed awkwardly and said, “Erm- You-” 
Before she could finish speaking, Mo Xicheng spoke, “I’m shy?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!!
###Chapter 1365: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (38) 
Shi Nianyao cleared her throat. “I- I was just saying, let’s drive back to the hotel quickly.” 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help shaking his head upon hearing this. 
It was already 10 p.m. by the time they drove out of the parking lot. 
As they were making their way to the hotel, Shi Nianyao’s cell phone rang. 
She paused briefly and glanced down at the screen. Then she muted the phone. 
Noticing this, Mo Xicheng threw her a glance and asked, “Who was that? You act like it was an enemy?” 
She replied, “My Big Brother.” 
Mo Xicheng asked her, “Did you tell your family that you won’t be home tonight?” 
She lowered her head guiltily and said, “My parents are out of town and there’s no one home, so I didn’t inform anyone.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
She sighed and continued, “I’m sure it was that big mouth Su Penghao. How would my brother know I’m not home otherwise?” 
Arching his eyebrow, he repeated, “Su Penghao?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. “That’s right. Su Penghao’s my next-door neighbor. He drops by almost everyday if he’s free! Recently, he was in Shanghai for some sort of competition so he wasn’t around. But it seems his club is on holiday now so he’s been free.” 
She bit her lip and looked at her cell phone with much resentment. 
“Pick up the call,” Mo Xicheng suggested. “Otherwise he will get worried.” 
With this advice, she connected the line. 
At once, a voice at the other end spoke. Shi Xun said simply and directly, “Where are you? Why aren’t you home?” 
Shi Nianyao quickly explained, “I’m out with a friend. What’s up Big Brother? What’s the matter?” 
“What’s the matter? It’s late at night and you’re a single young lady hanging out. I want you home now. Right away. Immediately. I don’t care where you are.” 
“Big Brother!” she protested. “I’m not a kid. Stop worrying about me. I’m with my friend and it’s embarrassing when you do this!” 
There was a long pause after she said this. “You must be with your boyfriend?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She turned to glance at Mo Xicheng, coughed softly and said, “Erm, Big Brother, I think maybe you and Sister-in-law should have another baby, rather than spend time worrying about me. I’m hanging up!” 
Then she disconnected the line. 
Even very judiciously, she turned off the cell phone. 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help finding her guilt-ridden face funny. 
But at the same time, he felt guilty himself. 
He couldn’t give Shi Nianyao a proper status at the moment, and on top of that, he had even put her in the situation of hiding their marriage from her family. 
He lowered his head and, after a while, said, “Nianyao, how about I take you home?” 
“What?” She looked at the man, clearly startled. 
Suddenly, she felt awful. 
She had hidden this from her parents and now, did Mo Xicheng also think that she was an indecent girl
She pouted and lowered her head as she mumbled, “Ok.” 
He glanced at her and then spun the car around, in the direction of her home. 
She turned away angrily and looked out of the car window, feeling the pent-up frustration inside her chest like a giant wad of cotton wool. 
Mo Xicheng sighed when he saw her unhappy and finally said, “Nianyao, I’m sorry.” 
She paused. d. o
He said unhurriedly, “Let’s go back to the hotel.” 
Her eyes lit up. Then she heard his deep and resonant voice say decisively: 
“Because I don’t think I can bring myself to let you go tonight ”
###Chapter 1366: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (39) 
The car spun around yet again and sped towards the hotel this time. 
As the car made its way back, Shi Nianyao’s emotions were like raging waves. 
Biting her lip, she was nervous one moment, in a conundrum the next, elated one second, and then fearful at once. 
As she struggled to deal with these shifting emotions, they arrived back at the hotel. 
Mo Xicheng got out of the car and then held his hand out towards Shi Nianyao. 
His large hand was warm as it closed around her tiny one. It made her jump a little, for it felt scorching hot somehow. 
Her male idol usually spoke casually but at this point, she found his words nerve-wracking. 
She gulped and lowered her head as she followed the man. 
They went past the lobby and up the elevator. 
Staring at the changing number in the elevator panel as it went up, Shi Nianyao’s heart raced. 
She gulped again. 
It seemed that their room was the penthouse on the 18th floor, with an all-round view. 
Hence when the elevator came to a stop on the 18th floor, she clenched her fists nervously. 
Before she knew what was going on, she was lifted off the ground as the room spun around her. Then was swept up into Mo Xicheng’s arms. 
Her arms slid around his neck nervously as she buried her head in his chest. 
Mo Xicheng strode towards the room. 
She could hear the strong beating of his heart and his unique manly scent filled her nostrils. 
Her breathing became unusually heavy, she was almost suffocating from the tension. 
The next thing she saw was a sea of red. 
The hotel room was completely decked in a shade of red that was traditionally used by the Chinese for joyous occasions. 
This shade of red oddly stirred her emotions. She had spent all day with him and now, the feeling of being married finally sank into her. 
She looked at her surroundings as he carried her and walked in a circle around the room once. 
The “double happiness” Chinese character was pasted all over the room, and rose petals were scattered over the bed. 
It was breathtakingly romantic. 
Shi Nianyao loved what she saw. 
With her arms still around Mo Xicheng’s neck, she heard him ask, “Yao Yao, do you like this?” 
She nodded and said at once, “I like it. I love it!” 
“Yao Yao.” 
“Uh-huh?” 
“I really like you too.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
He looked at her with his flashing dark eyes and said, “Yao Yao, from now on, you’re my wife. In the future, I’ll do whatever I can to satisfy you.” 
“And you can be assured, I won’t hold myself back anymore.” 
Shi Nianyao paused and asked, “What?” 
“You’ve already told people with such certainty that I’ll surely become very popular. So if I don’t make a name for myself in our country, wouldn’t I be embarrassing you?” 
When Shi Nianyao heard this, her eyes turned moist at once. 
For the sake of her and his fans, Mo Xicheng had decided that it was time for him to rise from the dust. He was going to announce his presence. He was no longer willing to be that illegitimate child who could not see the light of day. 
She bit her lip and nodded firmly. 
Then, unable to resist her emotions, she looked up and locked her lips upon his. 
Just when Mo Xicheng was about to respond by tossing her onto the petal-strewn bed, the hotel room’s phone suddenly rang. e?. o
Mo Xicheng paused and reached out for the handset. The receptionist said immediately, “Mr. Mo, someone is looking for Ms. Shi.” 
Surprised and puzzled, Mo Xicheng asked, “Who is it?” 
Then, it sounded like someone took the handset away from the receptionist. Following this, a domineering voice spoke, “It’s me.”
###Chapter 1367: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (40) 
The voice on the other end of the line was cold, and it took Mo Xicheng by surprise. 
Following this, the man identified himself, “Shi Xun.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng glanced at Shi Nianyao, who was lying on the bed and staring back at him. His grip on the handset tightened and relaxed a few times before he spoke, “Mr. Shi, how are you?” 
“Not too well. My sister has been kidnapped by someone. Instead of getting my sleep, I’m here to get her. Mr. Mo, I think you know what you need to do next?” 
Mo Xicheng was silent for a moment. His expression clouded over as he nodded, “Yes, I know.” 
Then he hung up and looked at Shi Nianyao. 
She had clearly felt the shift in his mood and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
He pursed his lips and informed her, “Your big brother is here.” ?nra. m
“What?!” Shi Nianyao jumped up from the bed in fright. “My Big Bro- Bro- Brother is here?! Where?!” 
That look of fear, as though a child was being caught red-handed by his parents. Mo Xicheng was oddly troubled by that look on her face. 
Shi Nianyao had a petite frame to begin with. 
Right now, with that look of panic on her face, it made him seem as though he had kidnapped an underaged girl. 
He straightened himself and looked at Shi Nianyao. Then he said, “Downstairs.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She was panic-stricken at once, crouching on the bed and curling her body into a ball. 
She looked up and stared at Mo Xicheng wide-eyed, drawing her knees into her chest. She asked, “What do we do now?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
They were married. 
Sleeping together was a matter of course. 
Why did it look as though they were a cheating couple
Mo Xicheng was simply speechless. 
He looked at Shi Nianyao, cleared his throat and said, “I’ll take you downstairs.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She turned to look at the petal-strewn bed and then shifted her gaze back to the man. She hung her head listlessly, straightened her clothes and got down from the bed. She felt completely dejected as she put on her shoes and followed Mo Xicheng. 
He reached out and tousled her hair affectionately when he saw how dispirited she was. 
She sighed. 
Shaking his head, the man led Shi Nianyao out of the room. 
Along the way, Shi Nianyao muttered, “We’re done for! What will we do now?” 
“You have no idea. Since I was young, my big brother has always been stricter with me than my father. He’s always so stone-faced! It makes him look so serious and fierce.” 
“What if he starts a fight?” 
“Are you guys going to end up doing a martial arts show in the hotel lobby?” 
“Oooooh! What now? What now?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
She went on and on until the elevator finally halted at the ground floor. Then all of a sudden, she stopped. 
Mo Xicheng noticed how the world had gone quiet. 
He turned around and looked at Shi Nianyao. Taking her hand in his, he assured her, “Don’t be nervous, I’m here.” 
Shi Nianyao started, “Ermmmm.” 
Mo Xicheng turned around. 
“Why don’t I sneak into the underground parking and slip away? You could pretend I’m not here, then everything will be fine.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Before the man could say a word, a voice spoke, “But it’s too late.” 
When Shi Nianyao heard that voice, her body stiffened. Her head snapped upwards and she saw Shi Xun in his suit, stone-faced. He walked towards the couple.
###Chapter 1368: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (41) 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao stared at Shi Xun as though she had just seen a ghost. She stood there awkwardly, not quite sure where to place her hands. 
She felt like a kid who had been caught red-handed cheating with her homework. It was embarrassing, she didn’t know what to say. r. o
She could only raise her hand and greet Shi Xun stiffly, “Big Brother.” 
“You hung up the phone on your Big Brother?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She gave an awkward smile and walked up to him. Putting her arm around his, she said, “Big Brother, I didn’t expect to see you here. Why are you here?” 
Shi Xun lowered his head and looked at her asking, “What do you think?” 
Having said this, he lifted his gaze and looked at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng took a step forward proactively and greeted the other man, “Mr. Shi.” 
Shi Xun nodded at him indifferently. Then he turned to his sister and said, “You are young and don’t know better, you only know how to cause trouble.” 
He was implying that Mo Xicheng wasn’t young, yet he was stirring trouble like an immature man. 
A man like Mo Xicheng, how could he possibly miss that message
However, it was true that he had taken the man’s little sister away and that was wrong to begin with. Furthermore, he couldn’t possibly get into a direct argument with his brother-in-law. 
Immediately, Mo Xicheng apologized, “Big Brother, this is all my fault.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Shi Xun: …! 
Shi Nianyao looked up at Mo Xicheng in astonishment. 
How had he just addressed the other man
Big Brother
Big Brother! 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Shi Nianyao was beginning to look at her male idol in a whole new light tonight. 
Although they were married and that would mean changing certain forms of address, it sounded terribly odd when her male idol addressed Shi Xun like that. 
Shi Xun grimaced visibly and with an icy laugh, replied, “Isn’t it a tad too early for Mr. Mo to address me like that?” 
His tone was confrontational. 
It was understandable. One wouldn’t be too friendly with the person who had kidnapped his sister. 
Shi Xun would have punched the other man if his sister looked like she had been violated. 
The tips of Mo Xicheng’s ears turned a bright scarlet, he felt somewhat awkward though it didn’t show too obviously on his face. He replied, “No, it’s not really too early. You are older than I am, so it’s not too much to call you that. Today’s—” 
“There is no need to explain, Mr. Mo, we’re all adults and I understand what you’re thinking. But where certain things are concerned, it’s best to wait.” 
At this point, he was most tempted to hurl a few other insults. However, remembering that he was his future brother-in-law, he knew it was necessary to allow the man to preserve some dignity, even if he didn’t like him very much. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She quickly interrupted, “Big Brother, you came at the right time, Mo Xicheng and I were just calling it a day and he was about to take me home. Since you’re here, I might as well go with you. That’s right, it’s just on the way.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Xun: … 
Shi Xun lowered his gaze to look at his sister, who was obviously trying to defend Mo Xicheng. He snorted icily and said, “As for you, we’ll speak when we get home.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Seeing this was the case, Mo Xicheng took a step forward and said, “Big Brother- Mr. Shi.” 
Shi Xun halted and turned around as Mo Xicheng continued, “Would you mind talking to me for a second?” 
Shi Xun arched an eyebrow. 
After a moment of consideration, he stepped aside with Mo Xicheng. 
Shi Nianyao stood back as the two men walked away a small distance and spoke in low voices. 
She started to panic, fearing that Mo Xicheng might start an argument with Shi Xun. 
However unexpectedly, Shi Xun’s expression became serious after a few words from Mo Xicheng.
###Chapter 1369: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (42) 
Shi Nianyao looked at them intently, most puzzled when she saw Shi Xun nodding and patting Mo Xicheng on the shoulders, as though he had given the man some sort of warning, to which Mo Xicheng nodded back. 
Then Shi Xun turned around and the two men walked back towards her. 
For some strange reason, Shi Xun, who had been quite ready to have a fistfight a moment ago, had now dropped his aggression, although he was still obviously angry. 
Shi Nianyao stepped forward instinctively and said, “Big Brother.” 
Shi Xun replied, “Come home with me now.” 
The girl threw a glance at Mo Xicheng. 
The man smiled at her without speaking, whereas Shi Xun said fiercely, “Why are you looking at him?” 
She retorted, “I’m looking because he’s handsome. What’s wrong with that?” 
Shi Xun: … 
Smiling, Mo Xicheng said to her, “Yao Yao, why don’t you go home for now with Big Brother? I’ll drop by to see you tomorrow.” 
This time, Shi Xun only snorted icily at how Mo Xicheng had addressed, him but did not . 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao was beginning to think that the two men were developing quite an amazing relationship. 
She glanced at Mo Xicheng again and then shifted her gaze to Shi Xun. She waved at Mo Xicheng and said, “Well then, I’ll leave now.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
Before Shi Xun left, he actually threw a look at Mo Xicheng, a token farewell gesture. 
After seeing the siblings off, and noting that Shi Nianyao had turned back to look at him a few times, he still felt ill at ease. 
This was their wedding night, yet they had to be apart. 
However… 
There was an odd sparkle in Mo Xicheng’s eyes. 
At some point, he would announce their marriage to the world and they would be able to spend their lives together. 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng headed back up to the room. 
Lying back in the room that he had so meticulously decorated himself, he turned his head to look at the scarlet sheets. He broke out in an unconscious smile. d. ?ｍ
Actually, it was alright. 
It wasn’t a real waste of their wedding night. 
Because the fact was this hadn’t been a perfect wedding night to begin with. 
Their decision to get married had been made in a hurry. The span of a day… no, not really, more like an evening, had limited what he could do for her. 
But he could wait. He could wait till their wedding day to give her a perfect wedding night. 
And he would leave no room for any regrets. 
At this thought, he shut his eyes. 
Just as he did so, his cell phone rang. 
He turned to glance at the screen. It was Yao Lili. 
He frowned and narrowed his eyes as he picked up the call. 
Yao Lili’s demanding tone came across at once, “Where are you?’ 
His pupils shrank back. “What’s the matter?” 
“I know you’re not home. I just called there and no one answered. Are you with Shi Nianyao?” 
He frowned and answered truthfully, “No.” 
“No? Are you lying to me? You promised me, Mo Xicheng, that you would not be with her. I’m warning you, don’t lie to me! Come back at once! I won’t allow you to stay out all night! Do you understand? You are to come home every night. Mo Xicheng, you promised me. Don’t you forget.” 
An expression of anger and irritation flashed across his face as he clenched his fists tightly and said, “Mom, I’m not a puppet.” 
Yao Lili was livid upon hearing this. “What do you mean? I’m telling you to come home, so don’t talk to me about anything else. Are you coming home or not?”
###Chapter 1370: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (43) 
Casting his gaze down, Mo Xicheng said with indifference, “I’m an adult.” 
“Even if you’re an adult, you’re my son! Do you want to be the death of me? Huh?” 
The man sighed and said, “What are you talking about?” 
“Well, you come home right away, I’m telling you. I feel pain in my chest and it hurts badly. I don’t know if I’m getting a heart attack again. Mo Xicheng, you come home.” 
He hung his head helplessly and replied, “Fine, I’ll come home now.” 
He drove home and when he arrived, Yao Lili was sitting on the sofa in the living room, wearing a weary expression on her face. There was no warmth in this house, it was simply cold and impersonal. 
Indeed, she didn’t look well. Mo Xicheng frowned as he looked for the emergency pills. He found them, got a glass of water and held these out to her. 
Yao Lili took the medicine and then said as she looked at her son, “Your father will never come here. I’ve lived alone here for so many years. To him, I’m only an ornament.” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent. 
Suddenly, Yao Lili gripped his hand tightly and said nervously, “Xicheng, don’t get angry at me for nagging. I’d like you to move home and stay with me, is that alright? We’ve been living apart for so long, I get lonely being home alone every day.” 
“Your father has his own family and his partner, he has his own children. Whereas I- I only have you.” 
He felt numb hearing these words. 
Because she had said them countless times over the years. 
But this woman was his mother, so he had to hear her out. 
– 
At the hotel, Shi Nianyao had followed Shi Xun to the underground parking. Shi Nianyao was fretting over Shi Xun’s sudden change in attitude towards Mo Xicheng. 
She looked at Shi Xun, tilting her head with curiosity, and asked, “Big Brother—” 
“Shut up.” 
She fell silent at once. 
He snorted icily. 
It was late and traffic was smooth for Shi Xun. They arrived at Shi Xun’s villa half an hour later. 
Shi Nianyao stared at him and coughed awkwardly. She said, “Big Brother, I think it might be better for me to go home. Sister-in-law and Little Cherry are asleep. It’s not a good idea for me to go in now. What if I wake them
Shi Xun immediately replied, “It’s fine. You’ll stay here.” 
“Why?” 
Shi Xun gave her an impassive look and said, “I won’t have you turning around and running back to Mo Xicheng the moment you leave. Then I’d have been running around for nothing tonight.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She followed Shi Xun as they headed into the house. “Big Brother, how did you know I was in that hotel?!” 
“Have you forgotten who owns that property?” Shi Xun replied. 
She was taken aback for a moment and suddenly, a look of realization crossed her face. “Is that our family’s property?” 
“It belongs to the Si family.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Xun halted as he turned around and remarked, “I supposed you don’t even know which properties our business owns? From tomorrow onwards, you’ll come into the office as an intern. No more hanging out and fooling around.” 
“Big Brother—” she started to protest. 
“Get in.” 
Obediently, she walked into the house. 
She thought that it was going to be a sleepless night, for her naggy big brother would surely give her an earful. 
But to her surprise, Shi Xun threw her a glance and then said, “Go to bed early.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
What
Was the storm overnn. 
Her eyes followed Shi Xun as he made his way to the master bedroom. She was stunned. 
Her brother was letting her off easy today
What exactly had Mo Xicheng told her big brother?
###Chapter 1371: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (44) 
Shi Nianyao’s curiosity was gnawing at her relentlessly as she went to the room that had been prepared for her. 
After the shower, she tossed and turned in bed, unable to go to sleep. She sat up, picked up her cell phone and wondered if she should call Mo Xicheng. 
But at this time of the night, had he fallen asleep in the hotel
It was their wedding night and both of them were in Beijing. Yet they were sleeping apart. How annoying! 
As she was thinking this, her cell phone vibrated. It was a message from Mo Xicheng. [Are you asleep?] 
She was excited at once and lay on her stomach with her knees bent and feet swinging in the air. She replied: [Not yet.] 
The next moment, there was a call from him. 
Shi Nianyao picked up the call at once. 
“Hey. Why aren’t you asleep?” 
“I’m a little unsettled and nervous,” she said. 
“What’s the matter?” 
“My big brother’s always been strict and impartial with me, but he’s letting me off easily tonight. I feel uneasy. Do you think he’ll rush into my room in the middle of the night and tie me up?” 
“… No, he won’t” 
Puzzled, she asked the man, “Why not?” 
“Don’t worry. He won’t tell your parents about what happened today.” 
“But why?” Shi Nianyao asked. “My big brother’s not easily dismissed. Although he almost never says much to my parents about my business, this time I’ve done something wrong.” 
Mo Xicheng assured her, “I’ve sorted that out with him.” 
“What?” Shi Nianyao said. “What exactly did you tell my big brother? I want to know!” 
“You want to know?” 
“Of course! I am desperately curious!” 
“Well, call me ‘hubby’ first.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Although he wasn’t right in front of her, she still blushed at once. 
She gave an awkward cough and called him, “Hubby.” 
She sounded like a child throwing a little tantrum, Mo Xicheng found himself melting at the sound of it. 
He chuckled softly immediately and asked, “Have you blushed already?” 
She raised her hand to her burning face and ears, and said immediately, “No, not at all! Definitely not!” 
The man nodded and said decidedly, “Uh huh. But I’m sure you’re blushing.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She thought for a moment and exclaimed, “You haven’t told me, what exactly did you tell my big brother?!” 
The man said, “It’s a secret.” 
Shi Nianyao was annoyed. “Mo Xicheng! You tricked me!” 
The man laughed again and said, “Yao Yao, some things have to stay between two men. This is a matter between your brother and I, and I really can’t tell you.” 
She flipped over onto her back with a huge unconscious grin on her face. “Alright. I understand. But what are you doing now?” 
“Thinking of you.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
What was going on? They kept whispering sweet nothings to each other all the time. 
She laughed immediately and said, “You really miss me so much?” 
“I do miss you.” 
She gave an evil smile and asked teasingly, “Miss what about me exactly?” 
“Your face, your laughter.” 
“Anything else?” 
“Your hands, your lips, all of you.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
This evil Mo Xicheng, he was teasing her back! 
She said fiercely at once, “But I don’t miss you!” 
“Really?” 
“That’s right!” 
“That hurts my feelings. What are you going to do about it?” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “Then you can keep being sad.” 
“Yao Yao.” 
“Uh-huh?” 
“How could you hurt my heart? You and you alone are in it.” 
Shi Nianyao: …
###Chapter 1372: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (45) 
Shi Nianyao flushed even more deeply now. She buried her head in the blanket and said, “Stop it! Stop it!” 
Mo Xicheng chuckled again. 
She snorted to show her displeasure. 
Mo Xicheng’s voice suddenly turned serious as he said, “Yao Yao.” 
Shi Nianyao paused and asked, “What?” 
“Happy wedding day.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
For some odd reason, she was suddenly moved. 
She finally understood why Mo Xicheng had so shamelessly said those things just now. He felt bad about letting her go on their wedding night and was worried that she would be unhappy. He had said those things to humor her and to make her happy. 
The fact was that she was happy. She was overjoyed today. iｎα. 
Although she had stolen the household registration booklet to secretly register her marriage, she didn’t feel bad about it. 
She stared at the ceiling for a moment and then spoke, “Hubby.” 
There was a silence on the other end of the line. Then she continued, “Happy wedding day.” 
– 
It was a quiet and peaceful night. The weather was exceptionally pleasant. 
Standing on the balcony and looking into the distance, Mo Xicheng had a sense of tranquility and restfulness that he had never experienced before. 
Shi Nianyao’s “Hubby, happy wedding day” was still echoing in his ears, it reverberated in his heart. It was a cool and clear night, but his heart was warm. 
Shi Nianyao was the sunshine of his life. 
She was the motivation for him to walk out of the darkness that had shrouded most of his life till now. And he was willing to do so. 
He smiled. But this smile did not carry the melancholy that had usually been in all his smiles in the past. Instead, there was a lightness and openness about it. 
So what if everyone else in the world had taken something away from him
As long as he had Nianyao, that was more than enough. 
Whereas just next door, separated by a wall, Yao Lili had overheard him talking on the phone from her balcony. 
Although it was vague and she hadn’t been able to hear every word, that doting tone and him calling her name… it couldn’t be anyone else. 
It just meant the two of them were still entangled with each other. 
It wasn’t at all like what Mo Xicheng had had her believe, that they had broken up. 
Yao Lili clenched her fists tightly, as her expression turned gloomy. 
This Mo Xicheng, now he even dared to brush her off by paying lip service! 
That good for nothing. 
But if Mo Xicheng didn’t break up with Shi Nianyao, how was Mo Zhi going to stand a chance and come in between them
Yao Lili bit her lip. She was livid beyond words. 
She pressed her ear up against the wall to try and make out what was being said. Then she heard quite clearly, “Alright, I’ll take you out for lunch at noon tomorrow.” 
Then the couple hung up and Yao Lili couldn’t get back to sleep. 
She tossed and turned in bed all night, all the way till the next morning. She saw Mo Xicheng going out, as though there was nothing unusual going on. 
She called him. “Where are you going?” 
He hung his head and said, “Something’s come up at the office.” 
“What’s come up? You’re a small-time actor, why are you so busy? You are to stay home today. You’re not to go anywhere.” 
Mo Xicheng’s expression darkened at once when he heard this. He turned around and looked at Yao Lili. Then he said, “Mom, if I don’t go make some money, how are you going to have anything to spend?” 
The woman’s expression changed at once. 
In the past, they had depended on the Mo Family. 
After Mo Xicheng had started to make his own fortune, they had moved out. The Mo family had only given Yao Lili the villa they stayed in now. 
Whatever money Yao Lili was spending now was from Mo Xicheng’s work as an actor. Mo Xicheng gave almost all his earnings to his mother.
###Chapter 1373: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (46) 
Hence, his words carried an underlying sarcasm. 
Yao Lili opened her mouth to say more, but Mo Xicheng had already strode out of the house. 
Her fingernails dug into the flesh of her palm. 
Then she lowered her head and picked up her cell phone to dial a number. 
Very quickly, the line was connected. The voice from the other end said, “Auntie Yao, what’s up?” 
It was Mo Xicheng’s personal assistant. 
Yaon Lili laughed immediately and said, “Xiao Chen, I wanted to ask you, what is Xicheng’s schedule like for the day?” ?nr?d. 
“Oh, Auntie Yao, not much, just lunch at noon.” 
“Where at? What is the private room number?” 
“Royal Family Hotel. For the private room number, it’s best you ask Brother Mo.” 
She immediately said, “No, it’s ok. I’m just worried about him. Sigh, mothers will be mothers.” 
“Yes, I understand completely.” 
Yao Lili added, “Don’t let him know that I called you. You know, he thinks I’m too nosy. But I feel ill at ease if I have no idea of his whereabouts.” 
“Sure, Auntie Yao. I understand of course.” 
After she hung up, Yao Lili picked up her cell phone again. She searched the directory for Mo Zhi’s number and then dialed. 
Mo Zhi picked up the call very quickly, although he sounded like he was sleeping. “Who is it, waking me up so early and interrupting my sleep?” 
Yao Lili looked up at the sun high above. She gave an awkward cough and said, “It’s me.” 
Why was it that other people’s children would wake up early in the morning just to plan a surprise at the hotel for his girlfriend, and yet her own child had to be this lazy
She sighed deeply and said, “Mo Xicheng has arranged to meet Shi Nianyao for lunch at Royal Family Hotel at noon.” 
“What?!” Mo Zhi exclaimed with a piercing scream. “That bastard, he dares to steal my woman?” 
– 
Mo Xicheng had driven to the restaurant early in the morning to personally take a look at the private room. 
Since Shi NIanyao had married him under such circumstances, he was determined to make her happy every day during the period they had to be apart. 
As he was driving, his manager called. 
The manager started, “Brother Mo, the filming crew of Ambition contacted me about having you do some publicity work for the film. I’ve done as you told me and rejected the job. This is just an update, but I also wanted to find out when you might want to sign up for the next movie. I know that the earnings from this film will probably last you the next two years, but surely you’re not going to wait another two years before you take on your next job.” 
Upon hearing the slight mocking behind these words, Mo Xicheng paused for a moment and suddenly said, “I’ll go.” 
“What? Where are you going?” The manager was confused. 
Mo Xicheng replied after another pause, “To the Ambition press conference. I’ll go to all the publicity activities. And I’m fine with doing all sorts of advertisements. We’ll take advantage of the success of Ambition. Didn’t you want all of this? Now we can do it.” 
The manager was stunned and said, “I’ll be damned, Brother Mo. Are you quite alright? What’s gotten into you?” 
Mo Xicheng continued, “Because I’m going to start making money.” 
In the past, he used to think that it was good enough as long as his mother and he had enough to spend. 
But now, he wanted to work hard to give Shi Nianyao the better things in life. 
Besides, he could no longer afford to let Shi Nianyao and his fans down. 
Now he understood that whether he made it big or not was not something that only impacted himself. 
His manager got excited at once. “Brother Mo, I finally live to see this day! Just you hang in there and watch great things happen!”
###Chapter 1374: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (47) 
Apart from Song Cheng, Mo Xicheng’s manager had nearly been the most renowned manager in the industry. 
He had had under him many top-tier celebrities, and countless Best Actors and Best Actresses. 
Even now, there were many currently popular young artists under him. 
But his favorite was still Mo Xicheng. 
That was because among all the stars that he promoted, Mo Xicheng was one of the most diligent and hardworking. The man took his acting career like a proper full-time job. All these years, his acting skills had been improving steadily because he had no distractions. And where he was today was not too far behind Best Actor Shen. 
One could say that this manager was in close competition with Song Cheng. 
At this point of time, Best Actor Shen had already become a prominent veteran in the entertainment circle. So his manager wanted to train a person who could match Best Actor Shen. 
Among all the artists he was managing now, only Mo Xicheng was promising enough. 
Like it or not, one had to have some talent to be an actor. 
Portraying beauty in front of the camera, in addition to his innate exquisite aura, coming from a wealthy family… 
The reason Shen Liangchuan was an exceptional person in show business was because of his noble quality bestowed by the heavens. 
That aura of his was not something that an ordinary person could just develop. One had to be brought up in a wealthy family in real life. 
When surveying all the actors in the industry, besides Shen Liangchuan, the next in line would be Mo Xicheng. 
But unfortunately, it was this sort of attention that caused Mo Xicheng to want to keep a low profile. After filming, even if he had nothing else to do, he wouldn’t take part in the publicity events, nor would he promote himself. This was why he had never made it big. 
He had tried for many years to persuade Mo Xicheng, but the man had never been moved to progress any further. 
And now, the man had proactively volunteered to go to publicity events. The manager was seeing him in a whole new light altogether. 
His eyes lit up and his hand holding the cell phone trembled slightly. Because he could almost see a wildly successful Mo Xicheng before his eyes, shining like a star. 
Almost immediately, the manager, An Shun, had a million plans in his head to make Mo Xicheng’s popularity sky-rocket over the internet. 
He said, “You’ve just completed the filming of Ambition. Now everyone’s crazy about the on-screen couple, you and the female lead. I think if we can start a scandal—” 
The female lead was also a well-known Best Actress in the circle, and coincidentally one of the artists under An Shun. It was a known strategy in the industry to pair actors up to promote them, this had been done countless times. Many unknown small-time actors were only taken notice of by the audience because they had somehow gotten involved with well-known celebrities. 
After all, what did the Chinese people enjoy watching the most? Gossips! 
As An Shun was considering this, Mo Xicheng said straight away, “No, you can’t do that.” 
An Shun: … 
“Anything but this.” 
An Shun started to protest, “But—” 
“There’s no but.” Mo Xicheng said after a pause, “I don’t like this way of doing things.” 
An Shun knew Mo Xicheng only too well, and also knew his background. He contemplated it for a while and then said, “Very well then, I won’t force you. Let’s do this, since we can’t just change our style overnight, we still have to depend on our work to do the talking. Since you aren’t terribly busy lately, you take up advertisement jobs and I’ll look out for a suitable script for you. But from now on, let’s stop taking any tedious supporting roles. We’ll only accept lead roles!!”
###Chapter 1375: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (48) 
As he drove along, he discussed work with An Shun, so when he pulled up at the main entrance, An Shun was still chattering excitedly about future plans. 
Mo Xicheng parked the car and got out. Putting on his bluetooth earbud and connecting that to his phone, he continued talking as he walked to the entrance. 
Upon arriving at the private room that he had booked, he instructed the waiter to make a few changes to the interior decoration, as he talked to An Shun in between. 
Even after An Shun had finally briefly explained all their plans, he still felt like he hadn’t quite fully expressed himself. He continued, “Let’s not talk like this. Why don’t you come over to the office? We’ll talk face to face. I have many other ideas to raise your profile!” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “I’m busy today.” 
“What are you up to?” 
To which the man said, “Having fun with my girlfriend.” 
An Shun: … 
The manager was stunned for a moment and then said, “So all that big fuss just now was over a meal with your girlfriend? And I thought you were having a meal with very important people.” 
Mo Xicheng said, “To me, she’s the most important person.” 
An Shun: … 
Mo Xicheng was surprised at his own words and fell silent for a moment. 
In the past, he had been introverted and had not used to speak his mind. He would keep everything to himself, perhaps only telling things to Shen Liangchuan once in a while. 
When was it that he had started to blurt out his own thoughts this easily
He stared steadily ahead, holding his cell phone. He suddenly recalled that, when he had been chatting with Shi Nianyao the night before, he had kept expressing his feelings. He had bared his heart just to make her happy. 
Today, he was expressing the same thoughts as though it was the most logical thing in the world. 
An Shun was astonished. Finally, when Mo Xicheng managed to get over this surprise, he added, “Is there anything else?” 
“No,” An Shun said. “Go enjoy your date.” 
“Ok, I’ll hang up now.” 
Unable to contain his curiosity, An Shun asked, “Why are you in such a hurry to hang up? What are you up to?” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “Off to pick up my girlfriend.” 
An Shun: …!! 
Mo Xicheng paused for a moment and then he heard An Shun burst out laughing. ?nd. ?m
He pursed his lips. An Shun was now laughing at him, saying, “Brother Mo, to think that you’ve actually become an obedient husband, hahahaha.” 
Mo Xicheng hung up and looked at the time. He walked towards the door and head out to pick up Shi Nianyao. 
Just as he stepped out, the cell phone in his pocket rang. 
He halted and looked at the screen. The moment the call connected, a voice spoke urgently, “Hi Mr. Mo, your mother Madam Yao Lili had a heart attack and she has been sent to the hospital. Please, can you come to the hospital immediately?” 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank upon hearing this. Anxious at once, he asked, “Sure, which hospital is this?” 
“This is…” 
The person gave Mo Xicheng the name of the hospital and the man rushed out of the hotel. He got into his car and sped towards the hospital. 
On the way, he suddenly remembered Shi Nianyao and was about to give her a call when his cell phone rang again. 
He glanced down. Seeing it was Yao Lili’s number, he picked up the call at once. 
This time, a nurse spoke, “Mr. Mo, your mother is feeling scared. She says she wants you on the phone, otherwise she is unable to stay calm. We need to run some tests, but she is not cooperating. In fact, she’s rather distressed, would you…?”
###Chapter 1376: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (49) 
Mo Xicheng frowned and said, “Give her the phone then.” 
The cell phone was given to Yao Lili. Mo Xicheng started, “Mom—” 
Yao Lili immediately burst out in tears. “Xicheng, I- I suddenly blacked out today. Do you think that I’m going to die?” 
The woman sounded like she was in a panic. Obviously, she was scared. 
Hearing her voice, Mo Xicheng couldn’t really pinpoint how he felt. But since she was his mother, he could only try to comfort her. “Mom, things will be fine.” 
“Xicheng, they are going to do some tests, I’m not sure if I can make it through the day. I have so many things to tell you. I’ll go for the tests after I tell you these things. I’m afraid that I may not wake up again after that.” 
Mo Xicheng tried to reassure the woman. “Mom, what are you talking about? It’s really going to be ok.” 
“No, I’m scared. Xicheng, you’re my only son. You can’t abandon me like your father did!” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “Shall I call him now?” 
Immediately, Yao Lili said, “No, no. Don’t trouble him. Li Shu will be unhappy if you call him.” 
Mo Xicheng was at a loss. “… What do you want then?” 
“Son, I’m your mother. Can’t I just talk with you
The man replied, “Of course. Go ahead, I’m listening.” 
– 
On the other end. Shi Nianyao had woken up early in the morning and decked herself out prettily. 
She was now waiting for Mo Xicheng to arrive. 
Mo Xicheng had said he was coming to pick her up, but she knew where Royal Family Hotel was and had told him she could go on her own. 
After that, she had not heard back from him. 
She looked at the time. It was already half past ten, she was getting ready to leave the house. 
But just to be sure, she picked up the cell phone to call Mo Xicheng. 
However, when she dialed the number, the line was engaged. 
She hung up, thinking that since she knew the private room number, there was no need to wait for Mo Xicheng to pick up. She could go there on her own. 
Hence she skipped down the stairs happily. 
Shi Xun was sitting back on the sofa in the living room and Little Cherry was sitting next to him, doing her homework. 
In the kitchen, Shi Xun’s wife Tian Tian was preparing a nutritious lunch for Little Cherry. 
It was the weekend and there was no work. 
Shi Nianyao greeted Shi Xun, “Morning, Big Brother!” 
Then she headed towards the main door. 
After taking a few steps, Shi Xun stopped her to ask, “Where are you off to?” 
Shi Nianyao stammered, “… I- I’m going to that- that-” 
“No lying.” 
The girl opened her mouth to speak but before she could get in a word, Shi Xun continued, “If you’re going to meet a friend, then I’ll give Mo Xicheng a call to invite him over and you can meet whatever friend you wish.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Shi Nianyao looked at the kitchen and, as though throwing a tantrum, called her sister-in-law, “Sister-in-law, will you look at Big Brother?! You need to watch out with him! I’m a grown woman and he’s acting like this, not even worried that I’ll end up alone.” 
When Tian Tian heard this, she walked out of the kitchen. 
Wearing an apron, she looked every bit the virtuous wife, completely different from the rebel, domineering and arrogant woman that she had used to be. 
She threw a glance at Shi Xun and said, “Just let her go.” 
Shi Xun’s tone suddenly softened as he said, “Little Fox, don’t you know that she and Mo Xicheng—” in?α. C?
“Why are you meddling with the young couple’s business? Also, aren’t you worried that the next time we have a date night, our little ancestor will interfere?”
###Chapter 1377: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (50) 
Shi Xun: …! 
Tian Tian turned to look at Shi Nianyao again and nodded, “You look good in this dress!” 
Shi Nianyao immediately replied sweetly, “You picked this out for me, Sister-in-law. It just goes to show you have good taste!” 
Tian Tian: … 
After Shi Nianyao had done her share of flattering her sister-in-law, she headed out. 
From just outside the door, she heard Shi Xun call out again, “You are to come home before 9 p.m.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao turned around and protested, “Big Brother—” 
“That’s the rule. If you’re not back before then, I’ll call Mom and Dad.” 
She replied, “Fine, fine, fine. I’ll be back by then.” 
Having said this, she stuck out her tongue and turned to leave. But before she shut the front door, she said cheekily, “Big Brother, I’ll be home before 9 p.m. for sure, but I have all afternoon with him and whatever we do, you really won’t know.” 
Bam! 
Her last word was quickly followed by the door slamming shut. 
Shi Xun: …! 
Tian Tian: … 
Little Cherry looked up at her parents with a serious expression on her face. She quipped, “Dad, Mom, this thing that Aunt says she’s doing… is it what I’m thinking?” 
Shi Xun said hurriedly, “Of course not!” 
“Isn’t it?” 
Tian Tian asked, “What are you thinking?” 
Little Cherry replied, “What else can two people spending an afternoon together do? Of course they—” 
“Little Cherry, where do you get such ideas? What have you seen? Be honest!” Shi Xun interrupted her fiercely. 
The child looked at him innocently and replied, “Dad, no, what did I see? There’s a chubby kid in our class. He and a girl in our class spent all afternoon together.” 
Shi Xun: …?
“Of course, playing with wooden toy blocks! Don’t you know about that set of 300 wooden toy blocks and how tedious they are to line up? They couldn’t get it right after spending all afternoon, but Aunt and Uncle Mo Xicheng might be smarter, they should be able to do it in an afternoon?” 
Shi Xun: …! 
Tian Tian: …!! 
Little Cherry was completely unaware of their reaction. She looked down and continued with her homework, saying, “Aunt and Uncle Mo are such boring people, sigh!” 
Her parents were left speechless. 
– 
After leaving the villa, Shi Nianyao was intending to drive to the hotel. But as she made her way to the car, she realized that they would end up with two cars and might have to hire a valet if that happened. Hence, it would be better if she just hailed a taxi. 
Given this, she walked out of the villa compound and flagged down a taxi. She was soon on her way to the hotel. 
On the way, she made another call to Mo Xicheng, however, the line was still engaged. 
Could it be that something had come up for Mo Xicheng? Was he on a business call
She didn’t think too much of it. In any case, she had now arrived at the hotel. She came to the restaurant and asked at the reception, “Where’s private room 188?” 
As soon as she spoke, the waitress immediately exclaimed in surprise, “Oh, so you are the guest at Room 188?” 
“That’s right!” Shi Nianyao exclaimed. 
With a look of great envy, the waitress said, “Ma’am, your boyfriend treats you really well! He spent a long time preparing the room, it’s so romantic.” 
When Shi Nianyao heard this, her eyes lit up and she replied, “That’s not my boyfriend. He’s my husband.” 
“Woah,” the service staff said, “Your husband looks so dashing!” red. 
Shi Nianyao did not think too much of it and smiled back politely. She followed as the waitress led her to the room. 
At the door, the waitress smiled and said to her, “Your husband was very considerate and told us that he would give the dedicated service staff a break. He said he didn’t want any interruptions. Ma’am, please come in, we won’t be interrupting the both of you.”
###Chapter 1378: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (51) 
Won’t be interrupting
Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
Could it possibly be that Mo Xicheng wanted to take care of the unfinished business from their wedding night right here
She blushed immediately at that thought. Embarrassed, she lifted her hands to touch her burning cheeks. Then she coughed lightly and nodded at the waitress, saying, “Ok, got it.” 
The waitress smiled in a friendly manner, nodded back at her and left. 
Shi Nianyao stood at the entrance of the private room and steadied her breathing before pushing the door open. She walked in. 
She was pleasantly greeted by the warmth and comfort of the room. 
Royal Family Hotel was a luxurious hotel, but this private room had been decorated with flowers to bring some life into the room. 
Shi Nianyao looked at the coffee table that was by the door. She smiled at once when her gaze fell on the large bouquet of flowers that was on it. 
Then she turned around, shut the door behind her and walked into the room slowly. 
She saw a figure sitting on a chair with his back to her. 
The tablecloth on the table he was sitting at had been changed too. 
At the same time, the tea set that was on this table also fit the joyous atmosphere. It was obvious that someone had gone through the effort of adding these meticulous touches. 
Shi Nianyao pursed her lips and sat at the table. Resting her chin on a knuckle, she stared at the figure. 
After staring at it for a while, she suddenly realized that something wasn’t quite right. She jumped to her feet and exclaimed, “You’re not Mo Xicheng!” 
The figure turned around at the sound of these words. That face… Although it resembled Mo Xicheng’s features, it was very obviously Mo Zhi. 
Shi Nianyao was shocked. She looked at Mo Zhi in horror and furrowed her brow at once. “What are you doing here?” 
The man smiled as he stood up. He had dressed up for the occasion, but even that could not disguise the hint of vulgarity in his eyes. He said to Shi Nianyao, “Yao Yao, why can’t I be here? I’m here waiting for you! Do you like this? This room, I decorated it for you.” 
She frowned with disgust and turned to sweep her eyes around the room. With an icy snort, she said to the man, “Mo Zhi, is there anything else? If not I’m leaving right away!” 
She turned and got ready to leave. Suddenly, Mo Zhi exclaimed, “Yao Yao, don’t you want to know about Mo Xicheng’s childhood and what it was like?” 
She halted and turned around to stare at the man. 
Mo Zhi sighed and pointed at the chair next to the table. “Take a seat.” 
Shi Nianyao thought for a moment. Mo Zhi wouldn’t dare to overstep his boundaries with her in this place. Besides, Royal Family Hotel was not just any hotel. Hence, she turned and took a seat opposite the man. 
Mo Zhi looked at her and held out a glass of red wine. “Let’s have a glass of wine first.” 
She smirked and replied, “Mo Zhi, say what you need to and make it short. Don’t beat around the bush. I have no time for you, I’m telling you.” 
Mo Zhi looked hurt and replied, “Yao Yao, why do you treat me this way? I really do like you!” 
The girl replied, “The feelings are not mutual.” 
He continued, “Yao Yao, you can’t be like this. You have to remember that we were together first before the bastard came between us. He’s the third party, you have to give me a chance.” 
Shi Nianyao laughed and said, “Mo Zhi, if you have nothing else to say, I’m leaving.” 
On this note, she stood up to leave. But suddenly, Mo Zhi reached out and grabbed her hand.
###Chapter 1379: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (52) 
Shi Nianyao frowned with disgust and tried to shake his hand off as she cried out, “Let go, what do you think you’re doing? Mo Zhi, do you have any idea who I am?!” 
Mo Zhi was taken aback by her reaction. He released his grip. He looked at Shi Nianyao as she drew out some napkins to clean the back of her hand. 
He said, “I’m only afraid that you’ll leave. Don’t go. I- I only wanted to have a chat with you.” 
Shi Nianyao snorted icily. “You’d better say what the hell is going on. Where’s Mo Xicheng?” 
Mo Zhi smiled and said, “His mother is sick and he’s gone to the hospital. Since the room was already booked, isn’t it good that I’m here to eat with you?” 
She chortled and said, “Do I look like I’m so desperate for a meal?” 
He replied, “Fine, fine. Let’s get back on track and talk about Mo Xicheng. Don’t you know how cold-blooded the man is?” 
Shi Nianyao paused and frowned. 
He continued, “We used to go to school together. He was on very friendly terms with another guy and they would go to school, leave school and even do their homework together. As you can appreciate, I was young and hated him, the son of a mistress.” 
“That hasn’t changed, you still hate him now.” 
Mo Zhi choked and admitted it with a nod. “Yes, yes. I hate him now too. So when we were in school, I bullied him.” 
It wasn’t just bullying, for sure, it was severe bullying. 
He had turned everyone in class against the boy, so that whoever was friends with Mo Xicheng and whoever talked to Mo Xicheng would cross Mo Zhi. 
Hence from a young age, Mo Xicheng had been a loner and had had no friends. 
Until the time they went to junior high school. A young man appeared, and because Mo Xicheng had once helped him, he had started following Mo Xicheng around. 
But then later on… 
That young man got targeted. 
The moment he stepped into class in the morning, a bucket of cold water had rained onto him. 
And on his way home at night, he would run into thugs who took all his money from him. 
But he would not say anything about it and would stand by Mo Xicheng to defend him. 
Until one day, Mo Xicheng saw it happening. 
Mo Zhi said, “Do you know what Mo Xicheng did at that point?” 
Shi Nianyao shook her head. 
Mo Zhi smiled coldly and continued, “He beat up all those guys who bullied that teenager. At first, I thought he was a loyal friend, but unexpectedly, he turned around and scolded the young man, saying that the guy was tras and that he was dragging him down. The young man left in a fit of anger, he even switched schools. Because of this, Mo Xicheng became the public enemy in school, everyone thought he had ulterior motives.” 
“So Yao Yao, I really do suspect that he’s pursuing you and wishes to get close for the sake of our families’ relationship. So don’t be fooled by his innocent appearance, he is vicious inside.” 
Shi Nianyao clenched her fists tightly as her pupils shrank back. 
She had not imagined her male idol could have had such a lonely childhood. 
That explained the melancholy and cold aloofness he had. 
She frowned and took a deep breath. She did not wish to listen to Mo Zhi going on and on. 
For she knew that the reason Mo Xicheng had treated the teenager like that was because he had wanted to protect him. 
To others, it would just look like mere cold-heartedness. 
The next thing she heard was Mo Zhi saying, “Yao Yao, be my girlfriend.”
###Chapter 1380: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (53) 
Shi Nianyao laughed in cold amusement at those words. 
She looked at Mo Zhi for a while before she said, “Mo Zhi, I do wonder if you have the facts clear in your head.” 
He paused for a moment and asked, “What?” 
“Mo Xicheng never pursued me. It was me who went after him. I like him and that’s my own business, it has nothing to do with him. As for you, there’s nothing I like about you, from the tip of your hair to your toes. Between the two of you, there’s no comparison.” 
Mo Zhi’s pupils shrank back immediately at those words and he jumped onto his feet, saying angrily, “Shi Nianyao, what do you freaking mean by that?!” 
She laughed icily and replied, “Just exactly what I said. In the future, please do not use these disgusting strategies to pursue me. Let me tell you one thing, you can keep dreaming if you hope that I will develop an ounce of interest in you!” 
On this note, the girl strode out of the room. 
Bam! 
The door slammed shut as Mo Zhi froze on the spot, pale with fury. 
He clenched his fists tightly, angry beyond words. 
Shi Nianyao’s words had pierced his heart mercilessly like a dagger, hitting him where it hurt most. 
His knuckles turned white. After a moment, he took in a deep breath. 
He stared at the doorway with a dark and vicious expression in his eyes. 
The one thing that he hated the most in his life was to be compared to that bastard. And now Shi Nianyao had not only done that, she had claimed that he wasn’t as good as Mo Xicheng. 
In what way was he not as good
What appeal did that small-time actor have
Shi Nianyao. Shi Nianyao! He was determined to win her over. 
Whatever it took! 
– 
By the time Mo Xicheng arrived at the hospital, Yao Lili was still on the phone with him. 
She only hung up the phone when she saw him come in through the entrance. He saw her sitting up on the bed and walked towards her. 
He sighed in relief and was about to pick up the cell phone to text Shi Nianyao, when Yao Lili grabbed his hand. Then she quickly said, “Xicheng, you’re finally here. I was almost dead of fear. What’s happening to me? Why did I black out all of a sudden?” 
She repeated all over again what she had said on the phone. 
Mo Xicheng looked at her impatiently, wondering why she wasn’t tired after all that talking. He couldn’t help but give a long sigh and say, “Mom, let them run some tests first.” 
Yao Lili looked at the time and made a mental note that by now, Mo Zhi should have met up with Shi Nianyao. Given this, she nodded. 
Hence, she was pushed into the equipped examination room. 
Left on his own outside the room, Mo Xicheng immediately picked up his cell phone and dialed Shi Nianyao’s phone. The line connected almost at once. He said apologetically, “Nianyao, my Mom passed out and I’m at the hospital. I’m afraid we may have to cancel lunch plans.” 
Shi Nianyao opened her mouth to speak upon hearing this, but she swallowed her words again when she thought that being in the hospital now, he must be anxious. If she told him about Mo Zhi at this point, it would only cause him more distress. Hence the words that came out were instead, “That’s ok. We’ll meet again when you’re done.” 
“Uh huh, I’ll hang up now then, Nianyao. I’ll look for you this evening.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
After they hung up, Mo Xicheng waited outside the examination room. Soon afterwards, his cell phone rang again. He glanced at the screen, it was his personal assistant. He quickly picked up the call. Xiao Chen’s voice immediately came through the line, “Brother Mo, something’s been bugging me and after thinking about it, I thought I should tell you. Auntie Yao called me today to ask about your schedule.”
###Chapter 1381: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (54) 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes upon hearing Xiao Chen’s words. 
He had not realized that Yao Lili’s scheming was meticulous down to that point. 
Had she tried to find out his schedule so she could know if he was with Shi Nianyao
His expression froze and he replied, “Ok, I understand.” 
Xiao Chen nodded and asked, “Brother Mo, how are things going at Royal Family Hotel?” 
Mo Xicheng frowned and replied, “I’m not at the hotel.” 
Xiao Chen was surprised and nodded. “So where are you now?” 
“Mom is in hospital, I’m here with her.” 
“What? Which hospital? I’ll go over right away!” Xiao Chen said anxiously. 
Mo Xicheng’s personal assistant was responsible for taking care of things in his daily life. Given this, it was reasonable for him to be around Mo Xicheng at all times. 
However Mo Xicheng’s situation was exceptional because when he wasn’t filming, he didn’t need a personal assistant. Hence, Xiao Chen had a greater degree of freedom. 
When he heard that Yao Lili was sick, he knew he ought to be keeping watch at the hospital. As a public figure, there were things that were not convenient for Mo Xicheng to do for himself, hence he needed to help Mo Xicheng with these things. 
Mo Xicheng did not and told him the hospital location. 
Xiao Xhen immediately said, “Alright, I’ll be there right away.” 
Mo Xicheng sat along the corridor, waiting for Yao Lili’s checkup results. 
Half an hour later, Xiao Chen rushed in. He asked, “Brother Mo, how are things?” 
Mo Xicheng pointed at the testing room and said, “They’re still examining her.” 
Xiao Chen nodded and said, “Brother Mo, why don’t you sit back and rest? Let me see take care of it.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and Xiao Chen then headed off. As he was walking, a call came in. 
He paused to pick up the phone. 
“Hi, this is Royal Family Hotel. We’ve sent today’s bill via text to your cell phone, please verify it.” 
Xiao Chen replied, “Sure, I understand.” n?ed.＆nbsp;
After he hung up, he looked at his text messages. 
There was a minimum charge that came with using the private room in Royal Family Hotel. Since Mo Xicheng hadn’t had lunch today, they would charge the minimum charge. 
Xiao Chen looked at the message, expecting to see a bill for the minimum charge of 2888 that cost the private room. But he had a shock when he saw the first message at the top of his mailbox. It was actually a bill from the bank. 
Xiao Chen was stunned. The private room had actually cost more than 20 thousand
What a rip-off this hotel was! 
He quickly picked up the cell phone and dialed the hotel’s number. 
The line connected and Xiao Chen immediately asked, “I’d like to find out since when the minimum charge is 20 thousand?” 
“Sir, I’m afraid I don’t understand what you mean.” 
“If you don’t understand, then why did you take 20 thousand from our account?” 
“Sir, the bill should have been sent to your phone. If you wish to make a further enquiry, I can help to verify. There was a plate of beef, it was premium beef, so it’s more expensive. That is 3800, then there’s—” 
Xiao Chen immediately interrupted, “Hang on, what did you say? What premium beef? Ermmmm, I don’t think we ordered any dishes?” 
“Sir, are you joking? Not only was food delivered to the private room, there was even a lady who turned up with the surname Shi.” 
Xiao Chen: …!!! 
He turned to look at Mo Xicheng and said, “Brother Mo, did- did you actually order food at the Royal Family Hotel? Why was Ms. Shi there?!”
###Chapter 1382: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (55) 
Mo Xicheng’s head snapped up when he heard these words. “What did you say?” 
“I said that the hotel lady told me on the phone that Ms. Shi turned up at noon. But they weren’t sure if something unpleasant happened in the private room, because she left very shortly afterwards and did not eat any of the food that they ordered.” 
Mo Xicheng got up on his feet at once and furrowed his brow. 
Pursing his lips tightly, he suddenly remembered how Shi Nianyao had sounded like she had wanted to say something and then had ended up not doing so. 
So had she been about to tell him something about this matter
His cell phone line had been busy all morning, he had not been able to get in touch with Shi Nianyao. So Shi Nianyao had gone to the hotel on her own, and then had entered the private room. 
The person in the private room then… 
Mo Xicheng looked at the floor expressionlessly and said after a long pause, “So who was the person dining in the private room?” 
Xiao Chen reacted immediately and communicated with the hotel worker. It didn’t take long for the hotel to retrieve the pictures taken from the surveillance camera. They forwarded the pictures to Xiao Chen. 
Mo Xicheng had worn his mask and sunglasses when he had been at the hotel. 
The person in the picture had none of that so at one glance, they could tell who it was. It was Mo Zhi! 
But how had Mo Zhi ended up in the private room and even known they were having lunch there at noon
Mo Xicheng suddenly recalled what Xiao Chen had said, that Yao Lili had asked about his schedule. 
Then he thought about how Yao Lili had been hounding him all day, since she was hospitalized. She had insisted on talking to him so that he had no chance of communicating with Shi Nianyao to inform her not to wait for him, or look for him at the hotel. 
He clenched his fists tightly, at once understanding what had happened. 
Yao Lili wasn’t sick at all. She was just muzzling him so that Mo Zhi could have a chance to be alone with Shi Nianyao. 
Once this was clear, all the pieces fell into place. 
Mo Xicheng spun around as the checkup room door opened. Following this, Yao Lili was pushed out on her trolley bed. 
Mo Xicheng stood rooted to the ground, although Xiao Chen walked up to greet the woman. “Auntie Yao, what happened to you? You were fine before and now you’re suddenly hospitalized?” i. 
Yao Lili sighed in response and said, “I’m getting old, my body is breaking down! I’m always feeling giddy and light-headed, and it’s getting hard to walk.” 
Upon hearing these words, Xiao Chen looked up anxiously and asked the doctor, “Doctor, what exactly is wrong with Auntie Yao?” 
When the attending doctor was asked this question, he looked slightly embarrassed and cleared his throat. He explained, “We’ve performed a complete check-up of the patient. Her blood pressure is normal and her body is functioning normally. So for now, we don’t really know what’s wrong. We can only conclude that it might be a migraine. She could be suffering from certain deficiencies in her body, but we can’t determine that with western medicine. Alternatively, you could go to a good Chinese physician to have it looked at.” 
Xiao Chen was nervous at once and asked, “How could you not find an answer?” 
Yao Lili immediately said, “I’m getting old. When I delivered my baby years ago, I got a cold and after that I had frequent headaches. Doctor, do you think it might be because of that?” 
“It’s hard for me to say either way.” 
The attending doctor had obviously been put in a difficult position. 
And Mo Xicheng, who had been listening to all of this on the side, was looking intently at Yao Lili as she tried very hard to find excuses for her fake illness. He looked at the woman who was pretending to be frail and unwell, and his heart suddenly grew cold.
###Chapter 1383: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (56) 
Mo Xicheng observed coldly the exchange between Xiao Chen and the attending doctor. Then the doctor led them to the standard ward. 
Before the doctor left, he said, “I don’t think there are any major issues in the patient’s health, so she can get her discharged.” 
Yao Lili insisted, on the other hand, “I have giddy spells though. I don’t think I can cope with it. I want to stay for a few days to be observed.” 
The doctor could only relent, “Well, sure. We’ll find you a ward so that you can be kept under observation.” 
After Yao Lili was pushed into the ward, Mo Xicheng followed them. 
Yao Lili lay back on the hospital bed, making whimpering noises to show her discomfort. 
Xiao Chen ran in and out busily, ensuring that they had everything they needed in the ward. After this, he went to settle the bill. 
Now, there were only Mo Xicheng and Yao Lili in the ward. 
Yao Lili said as she massaged her head, “Xicheng, since you’re not that busy lately, you should stay and look after me during this period that I’m hospitalized.” 
Mo Xicheng looked at Yao Lili and couldn’t help but give a frosty smirk. ?α. 
He cast his gaze down and said after a long pause, “I’m doing a publicity event that the company is organizing.” 
Yao Lili’s head jerked up to look at him when she heard those words. “What? What publicity event?! Don’t you know that with your status, you need to keep a low profile? If you get involved in these publicity activities and people discover your identity, what then? Huh? Have you ever thought about that?” 
Mo Xicheng looked at her in cold silence. 
He had always felt that his mother never really liked him. 
But that feeling had never been as strong as today. Yao Lili did not like him one bit. 
She had no wish to see him doing well. 
Mo Xicheng stared at her and laughed icily after a moment, reminding her, “Wasn’t it your idea that I entered show business?” 
He had studied management and finance in university. 
Because it had been at a renowned faculty, it wouldn’t have been difficult for him to secure a decent job after he graduated. 
He could still remember that day clearly, he had gone home with his suitcases in tow. Yao Lili had pointed at a person next to her and had said to Mo Xicheng, “This is Director XXX, he is a talent scout and wants to recruit you. He’d like you to try acting.” 
Mo Xicheng was caught off guard and said, “But I—” 
“No buts. I’ve lived with the Mo Family since I was a youth and I’ve gotten used to a certain lifestyle. If you look for a proper job, at most you might earn a million a year. And how many purses would that get me? Xicheng, you have to help your mother. There’s nothing bad about being an actor.” 
Hence, Mo Xicheng entered show business. 
He was too lonely and too much of a loner who spent all his time learning and working. Hence as an actor, his skills improved rapidly. As a supporting actor in his debut movie, people were already betting on his success. 
At the time, all they would have needed to do was to give things a little push, and his popularity would have sky-rocketed. He would have become the most popular young actor. 
But Yao Lili had suppressed him, saying, “Our status is special, we can’t expose ourselves too much. If you’re too popular, it will invite questions about your background and identity. Are you willing to be pointed at and have people say you’re the Mo family’s illegitimate son
At that time, fame had not mattered to him. He had only felt that acting was quite fun and hence, he agreed.
###Chapter 1384: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (57) ?n?а. ?m
Yao Lili had no comeback to Mo Xicheng’s remark. 
She frowned again and said, “But I did also say you must keep a low profile. Your movie has started screening and it’s getting a lot of attention. If you get more exposure and Mo Zhi finds out about it, he’ll think that you’re trying to compete with him.” 
“So what? You want money but you don’t let me become popular, so how am I going to earn this money?” 
Yao Lili was stumped. Choking for an answer, she frowned and said, “Isn’t the money that you’re getting from playing supporting roles enough for the two of us to spend?” 
“You mean it’s enough for you alone.” Mo Xicheng’s tone was expressionless, but the disappointment and despair he felt was unmistakable. 
He lowered his head and said, “So that as long as you’re alive, I’ll have to look after you. Then for the rest of my life, I won’t have to get married, have children of my own and have a life of my own, is that right?” 
Yao Lili was stunned and replied, “Mo Xicheng, what do you mean by this? Are you blaming me?” 
He looked at her coldly and said, “All I want to tell you is that I’m not your puppet.” 
Yao Lili was starting to get furious. “Mo Xicheng, are you getting anxious because I don’t let you date Shi Nianyao? I’ll still say the same now, I have no intention of letting you get married or have children.” 
“What’s the point of having children? Look at me! I don’t have proper status and consequently, what are you? Every time you go out, people will be pointing at your back and calling you a bastard, son of a mistress, have you ever been happy since you were a child? Since you have never been happy, why would you want a child and perpetuate this misery?” 
Mo Xicheng looked at Yao Lili, who had now started talking about her crooked philosophies again. He wanted to laugh sorrowfully. 
How had this woman ever developed the shamelessness to give such an unrestrained and brilliant performance
He retreated a step as he looked at her and said, “So? Why did you scheme to push my girlfriend into Mo Zhi’s embrace?” 
Yao Lili’s pupils shrank back at once. “What- what are you talking about? I don’t understand.” 
“You don’t understand. Do you think I really don’t know about what happened at the Royal Family Hotel today?” 
Yao Lili started to panic at once. “You—” 
“Mom, I thought that if I kept accommodating and giving in, you’d be satisfied. I thought you’d be happy because after all, you’re my Mom. But I had never expected you’d do such a thing.” 
Yao Lili but her lip. She knew that no matter how she denied it now, it was useless. 
So she straightened her posture and reasoned, “Shi Nianyao was Mo Zhi’s fiancée to begin with. Why did you interfere? Do you want to be a third party like me? Mo Xicheng, let me tell you this, I will not let such a thing happen.” 
Mo Xicheng saw that she had widened her eyes fiercely, and there was a viciousness underlying her expression. 
Immediately, he turned to walk away. 
Seeing that he was leaving, she asked, “Where are you going?” 
He halted and turned back to look at her. 
He said clearly and deliberately, “From now on, my business has got nothing to do with you.” 
“I will transfer money to your account so that you get your monthly allowance, but I hope you will stop interfering in my affairs. As for the Mo family that you’re so concerned with, I can tell you that the one thing I’ve hated most in my life was this unofficial surname. So now, I will go to the police station to see if I can change my surname.”
###Chapter 1385: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (58) 
After stating this, Mo Xicheng strode away. 
Yao Lili was so livid that she sat on the bed, heaving. 
Right now, apart from the anger, she was feeling an odd dread. 
She wondered if he had found out he was the rightful Young Master Mo and son of Li Shu, and had realized this was the reason why there had always been a gap in their relationship. 
Because every time Mo Xicheng stared at her with those eyes, she felt that it was Li Shu staring at her. 
She hated Li Shu to the core. 
Because Dad Mo, Mo Hai, only had eyes for Li Shu. But she herself was just a mistake he had made when they got drunk one night. And on top of that, they had only ever been intimate that one time. She liked Mo Hai and had spent all her youth on him, in hope that she would win his attention. 
But day after day, year after year, Mo Hai’s attention had never been hers. 
Now her heart was gradually growing cold. 
She only felt that Mo Hai owed her, and Li Shu owed her too. 
Hence, she wanted her own son to inherit the Mo estate. She wanted Li Shu’s own flesh and blood, to make the illegitimate son that Mo Hai had loved nevertheless live in darkness forever. 
At this thought, Yao Lili clenched her fists tightly. 
Ever since he was a child, Mo Xicheng would give in to her whenever she shed a tear or two, or threw a small tantrum. 
She had always thought that he would treat her kindly because she was his mother. 
But now it looked like… her theory was falling apart. 
But no, she must not let things get out of hand. 
She had to have Mo Zhi marry Shi Nianyao successfully because everything was subject to change. And if one day the truth should come to light, and Mo Zhi had a wife like Shi Nianyao, there would be a chance for him to fight Mo Xicheng for the Mo family estate. 
So she had to continue to work hard! 
– 
Mo Xicheng walked out of the hospital building and onto the street. He looked ahead feeling a little lost. 
He knew that Shi Nianyao had not told him about what had happened because she hadn’t wanted to upset him. 
Besides, since she had managed to walk away from the situation in the private room, it meant she was safe. 
But at this moment, he felt a deep sorrow. 
Since childhood, he had given in to her whenever she threw a tantrum. 
But the truth was that he had long been tired of this way of living. One could even say that he was tired of Yao Lili. 
Yao Lili did not treat him kindly, that was a fact without doubt. 
She always had a good excuse to do things that would hurt him. 
He wanted to retaliate, just like how he had once run away from home. 
But in the end… 
He had looked into Li Shu’s calm and steady eyes. They were like eyes that had seen life and death. 
When he saw the complexity of emotions in those eyes, he had felt a tight squeeze in his heart. He couldn’t bring himself to disappoint her. 
He knew that every time he had an argument with Yao Lili, she would use that as an excuse to look for Dad Mo. And every call that she made to him, every tear she shed, would make Li Shu uncomfortable. 
He wasn’t sure if it was a misperception on his part. 
But he had always sensed a certain look in her eyes, a sort of disdain and sarcasm. 
It was as though she was saying, “You people are putting on an act again? Go on, keep doing it.” 
All of a sudden, Mo Xicheng felt that he didn’t want to be perceived like that by Li Shu. 
He was not in cahoots with Yao Lili. From now on, he no longer wanted to give Yao Lili a reason to look for Mo Hai. At least even if she did, he wouldn’t be the reason.
###Chapter 1386: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (59) 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng lowered his head. 
In any case, his life was a dull one. 
Since it had made no difference whether he obeyed Yao Lili, he had learnt to compromise. 
He smirked. 
He had thought that things would be alright if he grit his teeth and made it through a period of his life. 
But he could not have imagined that today, after so many years of compromising, trying to finally find some happiness for himself was too much to expect. 
Who had ever seen a mother try to push her own son’s girlfriend into the embrace of another man
Although he had long been disappointed by Yao Lili, what she had done now still hurt. 
He walked for a while and then frowned. He looked at his cell phone and saw that there were a few missed calls from Yao Lili. 
Frowning, he blacklisted her number without thinking twice. 
He continued to walk along the sidewalk alone. 
As he walked further up, he came to a sudden stop and looked straight ahead with an expression of disbelief. 
There was a girl in the distance. She was in a simple white t-shirt and jeans, her hair pulled back in a high ponytail. Her back was against the sun and there was an energetic and positive aura around her. 
A radiant smile with flashing white teeth, she was beautiful and adorable. 
When he saw her, Mo Xicheng smiled instinctively. 
The melancholy that he had been feeling just a few moments ago had entirely disappeared. 
He realized that he hadn’t lost everything. 
At the very least, he had her now. 
He walked towards her, his large hands covering her tiny ones. With his low and resonant voice he asked, “Why are you here?” 
She raised an eyebrow and said, “I escaped home today to spend time with you, so I don’t feel like going back. I thought I’d come and see you. Is your mom ok?” 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank back and after a moment, he gave a mocking smile and remarked, “What could possibly be wrong with her?” 
Shi Nianyao was an intelligent girl and from his reaction, in addition to Mo Zhi’s appearance at the private room, she immediately figured out what had happened. She was angry but laughed in exasperation. “Really, your mom- nevermind. Have you eaten?” 
Mo Xicheng shook his head. 
She looked around and glanced at him. His mask and sunglasses were firmly resting against his face. It wasn’t as though they could just go to any restaurant. 
Looking around, she took Mo Xicheng’s hand and said, “Come, follow me.” 
She took him to a little garden near the hospital and then she ordered takeout. i?r. m
Twenty minutes later, a piping hot bowl of spicy soup was delivered to them. 
Shi Nianyao placed the bowl of spicy soup on a stone bench and gestured to Mo Xicheng, exclaiming, “Come over here quickly! You must be starving!” 
The aroma of the spicy soup was exceptionally tempting. 
At that time, there were few people in the garden. 
Mo Xicheng looked around and then took off his mask and sunglasses. He stood there for a moment and stared at this girl, who never acted like she was better than others and didn’t care about her image as the daughter of a prominent family. He walked over and crouched down next to her. 
She immediately took out the chopsticks that came with the food delivery and shoved them into his hands. Then she lifted the lid off the bowl of spicy soup and gulped at once, exclaiming, “It smells amazing! Mo Xicheng, hurry and eat up while it’s hot.” 
Mo Xicheng glanced at her, picked up a fishball and popped it into his mouth.
###Chapter 1387: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (60) 
For someone who had eaten all sorts of delicacies in his life, any delicious food would be a norm to him. 
Besides, that sort of spicy soup was nothing like a high-quality clear soup. But right there and then, the taste of the fishball was exceptionally delicious. 
Especially when he saw how Shi Nianyao’s eyes were sparkling, he felt all the more that the spicy soup was very tempting. 
As she ate, Shi Nianyao said, “Do you know that I used to salivate whenever I saw people drinking spicy soup by the road? I always wanted to do it too. But my older brother and father were very strict and wouldn’t let me. So whenever I was unhappy, I’d take my own pocket money, run away to a spicy soup stall and order loads of spicy soup. After I drink the soup, I feel all good! Hahaha, try it. I’ve always liked the spicy soup from this shop.” 
As she kept talking, Mo Xicheng lowered his head and ate with her. 
Very soon, they finished the bowl of spicy soup. He looked at her red luscious lips, stung by the heat of the spicy soup, and felt like he somehow hadn’t had enough. 
But his stomach was bloated. 
As he contemplated this odd feeling, Shi Nianyao got onto her feet and patted her stomach. She remarked, “Ah, another satisfying meal!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
He quietly picked up the empty food container and threw it into the bin. Taking Shi Nianyao’s hand, he said, “Let’s take a walk and digest the food.” 
The girl nodded. 
They took a slow stroll around the garden. 
As they strolled, Shi Nianyao started, “Mo Xicheng.” 
“Uh huh?” 
“Actually, as long as I’m with you, I feel blissful. It doesn’t matter what I eat.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng turned towards her. Her face was pure and radiant under the light of the sun. She continued, “Mo Xicheng, there’s no need for you to decorate private rooms, because just the act of having a meal with you is a joyful thing. I don’t care how or where we eat.” 
Her heart ached. It ached that her male idol would put in so much effort just to make her happy. 
And in the end, it had been spoilt by Mo Zhi. 
Her words touched him deeply and in a way that he had never been touched before. 
He turned suddenly and pulled her into his embrace. 
– 
In the afternoon, after taking Shi Nianyao home, Mo Xicheng drove to the office. He had a discussion with his manager about future developments. 
He had decided that he would no longer give in to Yao Lili’s requests. From now on, they would go their own ways and live their own lives. 
Initially, he had thought that given today’s fight with Yao Lili, his life from this point would be free from her interference. But he could not have imagined that following this episode, Yao Lili would launch another attack. 
He wouldn’t have thought that there would be a mother in this world who would hate her own son this much. He finally realized that Yao Lili wasn’t someone who he could easily completely dissociate from, like how he had first thought. 
This served to hasten the estrangement between the two of them. 
Because that very night, Shi Nianyao received a call from Yao Lili. 
The latter sounded like she was sobbing as she said, “Ms. Shi, can you come to the hospital?” 
Shi Nianyao paused and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
“My grown son is not listening to his mother. He’s an adult now, I can’t dictate what he can or can’t have. I know that I can’t stop you two, but there are a few things that I wish to say privately to you in person.”
###Chapter 1388: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (61) 
Shi Nianyao frowned. “Does Mo Xicheng know that you wish to see me?” 
Yao Lili halted for a moment and then started, “What happened today was my fault. I arranged for you to meet with Mo Zhi. I thought that if I returned you to Mo Zhi, it would mend the relationship between the two brothers. But I didn’t think that he’d be so upset after he found out about it. I know that he will not forgive me. Ms. Shi, I- I just wanted to have a chat with you.” 
Upon hearing this, Shi Nianyao was silent for a moment. 
She had sensed that Mo Xicheng had been in low spirits today at the hospital. 
She knew that it would be a lie to say that he had absolutely no affection towards his mother. 
No matter how unkindly she had treated him, she had given birth to him and raised him. 
As the old saying went, there isn’t a mother who does not treat her own children well. 
Because a woman’s heart is always tender. 
Yao Lili had maintained a strong point of view all along. Although Shi Nianyao did not like her, right now, when the hard woman softened all of a sudden, Shi Nianyao felt her heart softening too. 
It wasn’t because of this vicious woman that her heart softened. Rather, her heart was softening because of Mo Xicheng. 
If Mo Xicheng’s mother treated him kindly, then wouldn’t there be another woman in this world who would be good to him
And he would be less lonely and alone. 
At this thought, Shi Nianyao narrowed her eyes and said, “Alright, I’ll go over.” 
After Yao Lili told her the ward number, Shi Nianyao sighed and got changed to go out. 
First, she bent and peaked down the corridor of the second floor. She saw that the living room was quiet, there was no one. Then she tiptoed downstairs. 
As she walked into the living room with her pair of shoes in her hands, she took one step at a time towards the front door. 
She heaved a sigh of relief when she finally inched her way there. Just as she was about to open the door and leave, someone suddenly opened the door of the bedroom on the second floor. Immediately following this, Shi Xun’s voice rang out, “Where are you going at this hour of the night?” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Her head snapped upwards as she exclaimed, “Big Brother! You gave me a fright! Can you at least give a little warning the next time?!” 
Shi Xun said, “Sheesh, don’t you think you should be answering my question of where you’re headed off to?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She cleared her throat and lowered her head. Then she bent over to put her shoes on. Looking up at him after this, she said boldly, “Mom Mo is sick and has been hospitalized, I’m just going to see her.” 
Shi Xun paused for a moment and looked as though he was about to say something. But then he eventually held his tongue. 
He had no knowledge of the situation. How could anyone have imagined that there was such a selfish mother in this world
From Shi Xun’s perspective, the relationship between Mo Xicheng and his mother was nothing out of the ordinary. She was his mother after all. 
Hence at this moment, he could only ask, “Really?” 
The girl replied, “That’s the truth, nothing but the whole truth. If you don’t believe me, you can just as easily do your own investigation. Which hospital, which ward?” 
Shi Xun: … 
The man thought for a while and then smiled, “Your mother-in-law dislikes you, so you’re taking the opportunity to please her while she’s sick in hospital?” 
At once, Shi Nianyao gestured with her hand. “What? Why would I need to brown-nose? If someone doesn’t like me, I’ll just throw money at the person till they like me. She finally realized how good I am and that’s why she called to say she wanted to have a chat. She even said she accepted the idea of Mo Xicheng and I getting married.” 
Shi Xun snorted when he heard this and replied, “Very well then, enough. Go if you wish, but get our chauffeur to send you there, and when you’re done, he’ll drive you back here.”
###Chapter 1389: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (62) 
Shi Nianyao: … 
After all that talk, was he still worried about her meeting up with Mo Xicheng
Shi Nianyao was speechless. She looked up at her big brother and saw that he had a determined expression on his face. It didn’t look negotiable. She knew at once that if she didn’t let their family chauffeur drive her, Shi Xun would not let her out of the house. 
She had no choice but to agree, “Alright, in any case it’s dark and I really don’t feel like driving.” 
The man nodded and called the butler so that he would arrange for the chauffeur to drive her. 
Shi Nianyao stood aside and watched as he made the arrangements. Putting her arms around his, she looked at him and started, “Big Brother.” 
Shi Xun gave her a look that said everything: “Uh huh?” 
Shi Nianyao insisted, “Mo Xicheng and I are just dating like any other couple. Don’t you think you’re overreacting? Even if we go on a date at night, it doesn’t necessarily mean that we’re being intimate.” 
Shi Xun immediately replied without batting an eye, “If you’re meeting at such a late hour and you’re being intimate, then I think I ought to be taking him to the hospital for a health check.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
The normally nimble and talkative Shi Nianyao found herself rendered speechless when up against Shi Xun. 
This was simply… 
Shi Nianyao pouted, raised her hand and made a stabbing gesture at him. Then she turned around and walked out. 
After the car carrying Shi Nianyao had driven away from the villa, Tian Tian walked out of their bedroom. Looking at Shi Xun, she couldn’t help but smile and say, “Yao Yao is a big girl, you should let her be.” 
Shi Xun answered, “She’s a big girl but to me, she’s still not thinking straight. She likes someone and goes all out for him without thinking too much. What if she got hurt? If we don’t manage to sort his mother out, I don’t think they should be together! It’s not as though you don’t know how much trouble a mother-in-law can create in the household.” 
Tian Tian warned him, “But you have to be cautious about keeping such a short leash on her. At some point things may backfire. Who knows? One day you may receive some sort of shocking news.” 
Shi Xun said optimistically, “With me watching over her and not letting Mo Xicheng have his way, what big surprises can they cause? At least, they can’t possibly run off and register their marriage in secret, right?” 
On that note, he turned and went back to the bedroom. 
Tian Tian thought about what he said and agreed it made sense, although knowing her sister-in-law well enough, it wouldn’t be beyond her. 
At this point, of course the both of them had completely no idea there was more truth to this than they realized. 
– 
It was already 8.30 p.m. by the time Shi Nianyao arrived at the hospital. 
It was dark, night had fallen. 
She got out of the car and instructed the chauffeur to wait at the parking lot while she went up to the ward alone. 
Looking into the ward from the outside, she could see that Yao Lili was alone. She was sobbing quietly, looking very lost, like a child who had done something awfully wrong and was now repentant. 
Shi Nianyao observed the scene for a while before she pushed open the door and walked in. 
When Yao Lili heard the door open, she looked up. Upon seeing Shi Nianyao, her expression lit up in pleasant surprise. Although right afterwards, there was a flash of malice. 
However she acted exceptionally excited and emotional as she greeted the girl, “Ms. Shi you’re here, please take a seat.” 
Shi Nianyao smiled at her and greeted her politely, “Auntie Yao.” 
She walked to the sofa on the side and sat down, keeping a distance from the woman in case she tried any tricks. She eyed the woman cautiously.
###Chapter 1390: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (63) 
Yao Lili, on the other hand, leaned back on her bed and stared straight ahead, as though she was overcome by grief. 
She said after a brief silence, “Ms. Yao, I have to apologize for the ridiculous situation I created before. It was my misjudgment.” 
“All these years, I’ve been selfish and never spared a thought for Xicheng. I liked his father Mo Hai so much that I refused to leave the Mo family. And I just didn’t think that it would do him so much harm.” 
As she spoke, she dabbed at her tears and continued. “I wanted Mo Xicheng to have a good education, so I did something shameless, not caring if that was what he wanted. I didn’t let him surpass Mo Zhi academically, but I never considered his feelings in doing so. Sob, sob, I have failed as a mother.” 
As she said this, she lowered her head and started to cry. 
“I am not targeting you, Ms. Shi. You are pretty, well brought up, with a good background, how could I possibly dislike anything about you? It’s just that I didn’t want the two brothers to fall out or have a disagreement over you, but that’s just me being naive. I just didn’t want any sort of argument at any point of time, so I never really considered his sincerity and feelings towards you. And it looks like he really likes you, so much so that he doesn’t want to acknowledge his own mother anymore.” 
Shi Nianyao listened to the crying woman and sighed in her own heart. Looking at Yao Lili, she said after a pause, “Auntie Yao, don’t cry. We can talk things over calmly.” 
As long as she changed for the better and could come to her senses, Shi Nianyao knew that Mo Xicheng would want to get along with her harmoniously. 
After all, she was the only family Mo Xicheng had. 
Hence Shi Nianyao sighed again. 
Yao Lili was crying harder now. “You don’t understand, you don’t understand. Yao Yao, he will not forgive me. He was so determined when he left today. I panicked when I saw how he was. I know I made a mistake.” 
“Yao Yao, tell me, do you think he hates me?” 
Shi Nianyao could only sigh in response. 
Why did people only learn to treasure something after they have lost it
She looked at Yao Lili and said, “Auntie, don’t worry. As long as you have a good chat with Mo Xicheng, I believe things will be fine between the two of you.” 
When Yao Lili heard this, she looked up at Shi Nianyao blankly and asked, “Is that true?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
Yao Lili then gasped briefly before she stopped crying. 
She dried her eyes and looked at Shi Nianyao with a guilt-ridden expression, saying, “Yao Yao, could you get me a glass of water?” 
Shi Nianyao walked to the side to get a disposable cup and filled it. Then she passed this over to the woman. 
Yao Lili took two sips before she looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Oh, look at me. You’ve been here for a while and I didn’t even offer you a drink. Let me get you some water.” 
She made a move to get out of her bed. 
Shi Nianyao quickly said, “Auntie, there’s no need. Really, I’m fine.” 
“No, no, I—” 
Shi Nianyao could only say, “Then let me get one myself.” 
Yao Lili nodded. 
Shi Nianyao walked to the side again and took another disposable cup to pour herself some water. She obligingly took two sips and sat back down onto the sofa, saying, “Is there anything else, Auntie?”i?r. m
###Chapter 1391: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (64) 
When Yao Lili saw that she had drunk the water, she said with a soft cough, “It’s nothing, I just feel a little lonely. Nianyao, will you keep me company?” 
Shi Nianyao looked at her cell phone. 
Yao Lili immediately said with a hint of a plea in her tone, “Just for half an hour!” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
At this juncture, could she even reject the woman
She could only nod. 
Minutes and seconds passed. Was it because the room was too quiet? Was it because the smell of disinfectant was too strong? She started to feel unwell. She was giddy and her head was heavy. In fact, she felt sleepy. 
She quickly shook her head and stood up. Looking at Yao Lili, she said, “Auntie, I’ll go and wash my face.” 
She could barely keep her eyes open. 
But the moment she got onto her feet, the room spun. 
Everything around her became a shadowy blur. 
She pressed the side of her head, but it was useless. 
She gulped and tried to widen her eyes. Yao Lili’s tearful face now seemed to be smiling as she said, “Ms. Shi, I’m sorry! Mo Xicheng couldn’t be persuaded so I could only use this method. When all’s done and too late, we’ll see if your family is still in a position to reject!” 
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes in horror and started, “You- you-” 
Yao Lili smirked, “You can’t really blame me, you people would not listen and are still seeing each other behind my back. Don’t think I don’t know it! If I can’t get anywhere with Mo Xicheng, I can only try to get through like this.” 
The fury seemed to have woken Shi Nianyao up a little, as she raised her finger at Yao Lili and rebuked the woman, “My brother will not let you off for what you’re doing!” 
Yao Lili lowered her head at these words and replied, “You’re wrong on this.” 
The woman said with a smile, “When Mo Zhi becomes your husband, how could your brother not let him off? We’ll all be a family, and the past will have to be forgiven.” 
Ignoring whatever Shi Nianyao was saying, she picked up her cell phone and dialed a number. She spoke into the phone, “Mo Zhi, you can come in now!” 
Shortly afterwards, Shi Nianyao saw the ward door swing open and Mo Zhi walked in. 
One step at a time he walked towards Shi Nianyao until he was next to her. Then he held her steady. 
She wanted to push him away, but found that she didn’t have the slightest ounce of strength to do so. 
Opening her mouth to call for help, she suddenly felt the room spun and the next moment, darkness fell over her and she lost consciousness. 
In between this, she only felt hopeless and in great despair. 
She should have never come here, she should have never given Yao Lili the benefit of the doubt. 
– 
After Shi Nianyao left the Shi Villa, Shi Xun and Tian Tian went back to their bedroom. 
Just as they were about to go to sleep, Shi Xun suddenly stood up. 
Surprised, Tian Tian asked, “Where are you going?” 
“Calling Mo Xicheng.” 
“What’s the matter?” she asked. 
“What if that woman makes things difficult for Yao Yao? I have to warn him that my sister will not have to put up with anyone.” 
Tian Tian: … 
“You’re such a protective monster brother!” 
Shi Xun halted and turned around to glance at her. He replied, “I’m also a wife-chasing monster.” 
Tian Tian said, “Fine, fine. Hurry and make that call! I won’t get jealous over your sister.” 
“Ok, wifey, I will come back to bed as soon as possible.”
###Chapter 1392: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (65) 
Tian Tian: … He sounded like she was rushing him to come home. 
She snorted and ignored him. 
Shi Xun walked out of the bedroom and into the study room while holding his phone. 
After that, he dialed Mo Xicheng’s number. 
Mo Xicheng picked up the phone in no time and greeted him. “Hello, Mr. Shi. How can I help you?” 
“Nianyao has always been the little princess in the family, she basically has the last say.” Shi Xun had gone straight to the point. 
Mo Xicheng was stunned and laughed after a while as he replied, “Don’t worry, in the future in our family, she would also be the one who has the last say.” 
“You’re able to appease her, but what about your mother?” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent for a moment and said, “We will not stay with her.” 
“So does that mean that you are still unable to reach an agreement with her? Then why did you ask her to go and meet your mother?” nαd. om
Mo Xicheng was shocked. “What? Who went to meet my mother?” 
Shi Xun was instantly muddled. He frowned and asked, “It wasn’t you who asked Yao Yao?” 
Mo Xicheng instantly became alert. “Mr. Shi, please tell me clearly.” 
Shi Xun had also suddenly realized that something seemed to be wrong. He immediately said, “Just now, Yao Yao said that your mother has been hospitalized and she asked her to visit her in the hospital. Then, Yao Yao left.” 
Mo Xicheng directly replied, “I’ll go to the hospital now.” 
Shi Xun nodded. 
Although Shi Xun was worried, he didn’t create a big fuss. He felt that there wouldn’t be any accidents. 
It was because Shi Nianyao had been taken by their driver and it was Mo Xicheng’s mother, not some scary beast. 
On top of that, with Mo Xicheng going too, he was also less worried. 
Thus, Shi Xun turned his head and returned to his bedroom. 
– 
Mo Xicheng hung up and immediately drove over to the hospital. 
Yao Lili was the kind of person that always had to have the last say. She had to be up to something bad if she had asked Shi Nianyao to go over now. 
He furrowed his brows and sped the way to the hospital, as if he was driving a race car. Even so, he was really anxious. 
When he arrived at the hospital, he just casually parked his car along the road and rushed into the hospital. 
In no time, he had arrived at Yao Lili’s hospital’s ward. 
When he pushed the door and entered, Yao Lili was eating supper. After seeing him, her eyes flashed and plainly spoke after a while, “Why are you here?” 
Mo Xicheng looked around and asked, “Where’s Nianyao?” 
“Nianyao? What Nianyao?” 
“Don’t think that I don’t know. You called Nianyao to the hospital!” 
Yao Lili sneered and replied, “I don’t know what you’re talking about, when did Nianyao come to the hospital? If you don’t believe me, you can search through my ward.” 
Mo Xicheng looked around the area and, after ensuring that she wasn’t around, he frowned and picked up his phone to call her. 
The call went through but no one picked up. 
He frowned and walked out. 
Yao Lili stood behind him and sneered. “Mo Xicheng, why exactly did you come over so late at night?” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent and when he was about to leave, a man suddenly appeared at the doorstep. 
He was about forty or fifty years old and he knocked on the room door before asking, “Hello, I’m the driver of the Shi family. I took our Miss to the hospital, half an hour has passed. Where is she?” 
His sentence made Mo Xicheng turn his head back suddenly as he stared at Yao Lili forcefully. He took a step forward, his voice was filled with a fear so strong like never before, “Speak, where exactly is Shi Nianyao?!”
###Chapter 1393: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (66) 
Yao Lili’s pupils shrank. She stared at the driver at the door. 
She had never expected that Shi Nianyao would bring the Shi family’s chauffeur with her. This time, she wouldn’t be able to find an excuse out of it. 
But Yao Lili was someone who could make something nonsensical make sense. Thus she widened her eyes, looked at the both of them and said, “I have said that I have no idea. Shi Nianyao didn’t even come into my ward at all.” 
Mo Xicheng stared at Yao Lili with his fist tightly clenched. He was completely filled with a deadly anger that seemed as if it had come from hell as he stared at Yao Lili. “I’ll give you one more chance, where is she?” 
Yao Lili shrunk back a bit, shocked by him. She was so anxious that she said, “Why are you talking to me like this? I am your mother!’ 
“Then do you know who she is? She’s the daughter of the Shi family. If you have no idea who the Shi family is, then let me give you a lesson. The head of the Shi family is Shi Jinyan. He started out a business from scratch and doesn’t have much of a background but Nianyao’s mother, Si Jingyu, is from the Empire Corporation. Her younger brother is Si Zhengting, and Si Zhengting’s two sons, who are Si Jingyu’s two nephews, Nianyao’s two cousins, are the head of Empire Corporation and Grand Emperor respectively.” 
“Haven’t you always thought that the Mo family is really powerful? Let me tell you, the Mo Family is nothing in front of any of them. As long as one of the families does something, they can easily crush the Mo Family. So do you think that Nianyao is someone you can control?” 
Mo Xicheng was really very anxious. 
But he knew that if he wasn’t able to scare Yao Lili, telling her about Shi Nianyao’s identity, he had no way of finding Nianyao. 
He knew that Nianyao had been definitely taken away by Mo Zhi. 
As he couldn’t get her through the phone, Nianyao might be already in their trap. 
Thus the fastest solution was to scare Yao Lili. 
After hearing his words, Yao Lili was indeed so scared she turned pale. 
She had never known how strong Shi Nianyao’s family was. She had only known that her family was really powerful, but she hadn’t known that it was to that extent. 
If that was indeed true, would it really be fine if Mo Zhi abused Shi Nianyao
Just as she was thinking, she saw Mo Xicheng take a step forward, pick up her phone and call Mo Zhi. 
“Ask him now where they are and ask Mo Zhi to take Nianyao back!” 
Yao Lili swallowed and looked at Mo Xicheng. 
She stared at Mo Xicheng. 
Just as her phone was dialing, she was slightly doubtful and hesitating. 
It was because she had suddenly realized that if she asked Shi Nianyao to come back, Mo Xicheng would be together with her. And according to what Mo Xicheng had said, if Shi Nianyao was indeed so powerful, Mo Xicheng would definitely fight with Mo Zhi over the assets of the Mo family in the future. 
Since the situation was already at this stage, and they had already offended them, why not let the die be cast? What is done is done. Just as she had thought, if Shi Nianyao was tainted by Mo Zhi, would they dare kill Mo Zhi? For the sake of the honor of the family, they might even let Shi Nianyao and Mo Zhi be together. 
As this thought popped up in her mind, her gaze immediately became firm. She instantly cut the call and said, “I have said that Shi Nianyao didn’t even come into my ward. I have completely no idea what you’re talking about. If Shi Nianyao is so powerful, why don’t you ask the people in her family to look for her?”
###Chapter 1394: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (67) 
Her words made Mo Xicheng give up every last hope he had of Yao Lili deep in his heart. 
He had never thought that someone would be so shameless. 
He stared at Yao Lili and for the first time, he felt ashamed being her son. 
Why did he have a mom like that
Everything that was happening was only between Mo Zhi and him, what did it have to do with Shi Nianyao? Why must she drag the innocent Nianyao into the picture
He narrowed his eyes and asked again, “You sure that you don’t know?” 
This gaze made Yao Lili feel terrified. 
In Mo Xicheng’s eyes, she saw that the last strand of relationship that linked them seemed to be damaged. 
She knew that Mo Xicheng would remain completely disappointed in her from then onwards. She didn’t know why, but she felt that her heart hurt. 
In all honesty, although she had never liked him, as she had taken care of him from a young age, and she had brought him up on her own, she still felt something for him. 
At this moment, their relationship, the only connection between them, which to Mo Xicheng was the little “blood relationship” they had, would be completely torn after tonight. 
But it was alright as long as her son Mo Zhi could be with Shi Nianyao. Then all of this would be worthwhile! 
Thus, Yao Lili nodded and replied, “I don’t know.” 
Mo Xicheng’s gaze instantly became as cold as the ice in the arctic, making her feel cold with fear. 
Mo Xicheng took another glance at her, turned around and left. 
After leaving the ward, he knew that he had to immediately find Shi Nianyao himself and he knew that the way to find Shi Nianyao was to… check the surveillance camera. 
He instantly rushed to look for the person in charge of the hospital and then found a professional hacker to find Mo Zhi’s location through his phone. 
Finally, he found their location on a road. 
They seemed to have just left and were on the way to a hotel. 
Fortunately, Mo Zhi didn’t want to casually be intimate with Shi Nianyao. Knowing Shi Nianyao’s identity, he knew that what was most important was Shi Nianyao’s attitude after he slept with her. He would need to appease Shi Nianyao and thus, he was taking her to the hotel in the outskirts that she had gone with Mo Xicheng. 
Seeing this situation, Mo Xicheng rushed downstairs and started his car, driving towards the outskirts without hesitation. 
It was the middle of the night and there weren’t many cars on the road in Beijing. 
His car was completely speeding. He didn’t bother about any traffic lights and just rushed into the outskirts. 
He had to rush over, he must save Nianyao. ?nd. ?m
He was the man who had to take responsibility for Nianyao. 
His gaze slowly became firm as he stared forward. 
He stepped on the gas pedal again, adding fuel and adding more fuel. 
The car was driving at an extremely fast speed on the road. He stared into the distance and saw a red light at a junction. He frowned and paused for a while. When he saw the red light turn green, he didn’t think of anything else and directly sped forward. 
But at that moment, someone was also driving in his direction. Because of the few people on the road at that time, the person hadn’t noticed the traffic light and sped towards Mo Xicheng’s car. 
Mo Xicheng only saw a blinding light shining in his direction. Then he subconsciously stuck out his hand to block the light and crazily spun the steering wheel, trying to avoid that car. 
The other car had been moving at a very slow speed, thus after the person stepped on the emergency brake, it still stopped, although it had been really dangerous.
###Chapter 1395: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (68) 
However, Mo Xicheng’s car had been travelling at a speed that was too fast and the car directly crashed into a wall by the road. 
Although Mo Xicheng had put on his seatbelt, he had still banged his head really hard into the windscreen in front. In that instant, his forehead started bleeding. Cracks also appeared on the windscreen and the front of the car was also damaged. 
Mo Xicheng instantly felt dizzy and everything seemed double in front of him. 
Just at that moment, someone knocked on the window of his car. He turned around and saw that the driver of that car was staring at him. He asked worriedly, “Sir, are you ok?” 
Mo Xicheng took a glance at him and took a deep breath. He recovered his rationality and tried his best to look at the road in front of him. When his sight finally focused, he then shook his head. And after he recalled Shi Nianyao, he reversed his car without hesitation. 
He didn’t even look at the driver that had caused the accident and drove away immediately. 
He left the driver standing there saying, “Aish, Sir, your forehead is bleeding, you need to go to the hospital. You—” 
But before he could finish speaking, his car had already sped away. 
In no time, the car could no longer be seen. 
Mo Xicheng was really very anxious. 
He didn’t know if Nianyao would make a fuss for her innocence like other women if something really happened between Mo Zhi and her. But he knew that according to Nianyao’s character, she would definitely not give in if anything happened. 
He wanted Nianyao to live well and happily. 
He didn’t want Nianyao to have any unhappiness. ?ne?. ?ｍ
Thus, he was firm that it definitely could not happen. 
As he thought so, Mo Xicheng stepped on the accelerator again and increased the speed of the car even more. 
Fast, fast! 
Originally, it would have taken about an hour for one to drive from the hospital in the city center to the outskirts, but Mo Xicheng had made it in just twenty minutes. 
When his car arrived at the hotel, he directly got out of the car. Just as he was about to rush forward, his legs trembled, his vision blurred and he almost fell on the ground. 
An employee hurriedly held onto him and said, “Sir, your forehead is bleeding, are you feeling ok? Do you need us to send you to the hospital? Let us call an ambulance for you.” 
However, Mo Xicheng pushed the employee away and ran into the hotel’s hall. He directly went to the reception and stared at the receptionist. “Which room did Mo Zhi book?” 
The receptionist was stunned and replied, “Erm, it’s the customer’s privace, we have no rights to tell you.” 
Mo Xicheng directly lifted his head and said, “I’m his younger brother, check it for me immediately.” 
His voice was icy cold and he sounded as if he wanted to kill. It stunned the receptionist immediately. 
She swallowed and finally saw Mo Xicheng’s look under the coat of blood. She asked in surprise, “You’re Mr. Mo Xicheng?” 
Ambition was currently airing on cinemas, so Mo Xicheng had become known to everyone. 
Mo Xicheng nodded and the receptionist immediately replied, “Ok, let me check for you.” 
She turned on the computer, took a few glances and said, “They are on the eighth floor, room 808.” 
After hearing what she said, Mo Xicheng immediately turned around and ran forward. 
There were three lifts. One of them was on the top floor, as someone seemed to have just gone up, another was on its way up, and the last one had stopped at night. 
Mo Xicheng took a look, hastily rushed to the staircase on the side and ran up. 
At that moment, what he lacked most was time.
###Chapter 1396: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (69) 
Mo Xicheng took the stairs all the way to the eighth floor. 
Having run all the way up, he was now perspiring profusely. 
As the beads of perspiration rolled onto his open wound, the pain woke him up with a new burst of energy. 
He had no other thoughts in his head as he looked around. Very quickly, he found room 808. 
He charged at it and forcefully pounded on the door. 
– 
Mo Zhi carried Shi Nianyao all the way down the building and placed her in the car. Then he got into the car and drove all the way out to the suburbs. 
On the way, he took a few glances at the girl who had fallen into a deep sleep and evil thoughts did cross his mind. 
Didn’t she, that pampered mistress, despise him
Maybe he should take her for the first time there and then in the car, and see if that would embarrass her when she woke up. 
But in the end, he gave up on the idea. 
Because he was afraid. 
He was afraid of her brother and cousins, for any one among them could easily squash him like a fly. 
Yao Lili’s words also flashed past his mind, “You have to treat Shi Nianyao politely. We’re not here to make an enemy, we’re here to take a wife.” 
That was right, his purpose was to take a wife. Hence, it was better to go somewhere romantic. At least then when the fiery girl woke up, she wouldn’t feel so sad. 
So the man held himself back. 
The minutes crept by agonizingly, but finally they arrived at the hotel. 
He managed to get Shi Nianyao into the room. 
The moment he got in, he slid her onto the bed impatiently and then stood next to the bed quietly to admire her exquisite face. 
He had to admit that, after having fooled around with so many small-time actresses in the entertainment circle, none of them were as pretty as Shi Nianyao. 
She was sleeping peacefully right now and looked exceptionally beautiful. Furthermore, he had her without her usual sharp tongue and this suited Mo Zhi’s taste. 
He gulped. 
The fact was that owning a woman was nothing. But taming a woman was the challenging part. 
Hence, being able to tame Shi Nianyao and have her yield to him physically was to conquer her. 
At this thought, Mo Zhi ran his hand over her body. He realized that even though he had slept with so many women in the past, Shi Nianyao was so perfect that he almost didn’t know how to start. 
No matter where he started, it seemed obscene. 
But then again, everything he had done tonight hadn’t been for the purpose of sullying her
He smirked at the thought of this and reached out to touch her waist. 
Just as he lifted her top and was about to remove it, there was a forceful pounding on the door. 
Mo Zhi jumped at that sound. 
The wild desires that he had just been building up were suddenly interrupted, as he felt a part of him turn flaccid at once. 
He turned his head towards the doorway and shouted furiously, “Who’s that?!” 
The next moment, he heard Mo Xicheng’s deep and gloomy voice, “It’s me, open the door!” 
Mo Zhi jumped in fright, wondering how Mo Xicheng had managed to track him down here. He quickly turned back to look at Shi Nianyao and frowned. Of course he must not open the door now. If he did, what other chance would he ever have with the girl again
This was a classy hotel, hence the doors were all sturdily built. If he didn’t open the door, Mo Xicheng definitely would not be able to bulldoze his way in within a short time. Hence Mo Zhi did not think twice. He quickly lifted Shi Nianyao’s top and reached out to remove her pants.
###Chapter 1397: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (70) 
Unfortunately, Shi Nianyao was wearing a pair of jeans today. Furthermore, in his state of panic, Mo Zhi fumbled for a while even to unbuckle her belt. 
Amidst the pulling and tugging, perhaps it somehow caused Shi Nianyao pain. 
She made a noise and slowly opened her eyes. 
Her senses urged her to struggle to clear her mind, even under her heavily-drugged condition. 
She froze for a moment when she saw the man before her. 
Then the next moment, she tried to retaliate. But because her body was heavy and limp, she found that she didn’t even have the strength to speak. 
She tried hard to move and stretched her legs out in an attempt to kick Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi was having trouble removing her pants to begin with, but now he started to panic even more. 
He wanted to restrain her legs, but she used all of her strength and will to retaliate. 
Mo Zhi was unlike Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng would train in the gym, but Mo Zhi only knew how to pleasure himself with a different woman every night, hence he had been physically quite weak since a young age. 
In the struggle, Shi Nianyao rolled on the floor. 
She gritted her teeth and glared fixedly at Mo Zhi, willing herself to clear her head. 
Mo Zhi was already panicking as the pounding on the door grew louder and more urgent. It felt as though the door would give way any time. 
While in the room, not to mention the mess, he hadn’t even managed to undress Shi Nianyao. 
So if they managed to break into the room, even if he tried saying that he had gotten his way, it would be unconvincing. 
In his panic, Mo Zhi grabbed Shi Nianyao’s hair and angrily delivered a sound slap across her face, shouting, “Tr*mp, you’d better do as you’re told!” nαd. om
The slap, ironically, seemed to have done the job of waking the giddy Shi Nianyao up completely. She raised her voice towards the door and shouted, “Help!” 
Her cry for help agitated Mo Xicheng further. 
He pounded on the door with full force now. The door was rattling and looked as though it was giving way. 
Right at this moment, an employee finally rushed over. They tried to stop Mo Xicheng, saying, “Sir, you can’t go in.” 
Mo Xicheng was furious and shouted at them, “Someone’s kidnapped a girl, unlock the door right now!” 
The employee paused and replied, “But we can’t just open the door based on your instructions.” 
The man clenched his fists tightly and then, without another word, he snatched the card key that the employee was holding. 
He placed the card against the card reader. 
Click! 
The room door was unlocked. 
The employee tried to snatch his card back. Wordlessly, Mo Xicheng flung the card at him while he pushed open the door and entered the room. 
In the room. Mo Zhi had his hand tightly over Shi Nianyao’s nose and mouth, trying to stifle her cries for help. 
Because Shi Nianyao was suffocating, her face had turned red. She was kicking out with all her might, trying to break out of Mo Zhi’s grip. 
Her hair was in disarray and she looked like she was in dire straits. 
When Mo Xicheng saw this, he could no longer control his anger. 
He was like a furious provoked beast and hollered deeply before charging right at the other man. 
He grabbed Mo Zhi by the collar and hurled him on the ground. 
Then he ran up to Shi Nianyao and called out, “Yao Yao, are you ok” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes were bloodshot from the fright but when she saw Mo Xicheng, her lips moved a little and eventually she said, “I- I’m ok.” 
Although she had said that, she was trembling. 
The angry red mark from the slap was evident against her pale skin and she was in a sorry state. 
How could someone who looked like that be ok?
###Chapter 1398: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (71) 
Mo Xicheng felt as though his chest was being tightly squeezed. 
It was so painful that it was hard to breathe. 
Shi Nianyao was in such a state and yet, her first instinct had been to say she was alright so that he wouldn’t be worried. 
Although her life had not been in any danger this time, what about the next time
He had tolerated Mo Zhi to no end and given in time after time to Yao Lili, just in exchange for some peace, but what was the result
Perhaps it was true that some things were as Yao Lili said. 
One had to fight for certain things in life whether one wished to or not. 
Mo Zhi, who was lying on the floor, picked himself up and stared at the two of them, smirking, “Mo Xicheng, what brings you here? Let me tell you this. She is my fiancee! This woman is mine! If you’re smart, step aside, otherwise both my parents and your mother will not let you off easily.” 
“If you spare a thought for Shi Nianyao, then you will let her go! Wasn’t this how you handled things in school years ago?” 
His words agitated Mo Xicheng. 
He lifted his head and put Shi Nianyao down. Then he walked towards Mo Zhi one step at a time. 
Mo Zhi was frightened and retreated a few steps, staring at Mo Xicheng and asking, “What- what do you want?” 
“Mo Xicheng, I’m warning you, if you even harm a single hair on my body, I’ll tell Dad to punish you!” 
However as soon as he had said this, he received a merciless punch from Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng was like an enraged bull that had been waiting to unleash all the pent-up anger from the insults and mistreatment of the last years. 
Especially when the image of Shi Nianyao in that sorry state flashed in his mind, he was so angry he could kill someone. 
One punch, and then another. 
He hit Mo Zhi’s face without holding back. 
“Mo Xicheng, how dare you hit me?!” 
“Mo Xicheng, let me go!” 
“…” 
“Mo Xicheng, stop it, stop hitting me.” 
“Mo Xicheng, I admit my mistake. Let me go, sob, sob.” 
“Sob, sob.” 
At the end, Mo Zhi’s face was so swollen his own mother wouldn’t have recognized him. 
His lips had swollen up like sausages and two of his teeth had been knocked out, so he spoke with a lisp. 
Finally, he was on the ground trembling and not able to speak another word. 
There wasn’t a spot on his body that hadn’t been beaten up. 
When Mo Xicheng was exhausted from beating the man up, he sat back down on the floor with a thump. 
He glared at Mo Zhi, his eyes burning like he was out on a kill. Mo Zhi shivered at that look and opened his mouth in an attempt to plead to be let go, but no words came. 
Mo Xicheng turned to look at Shi Nianyao. 
Right now, she was probably in the best physical state among all of them. 
The effect of the drug had worn off and she was regaining strength. She struggled a little to get onto her feet. 
Then she dashed over to take a look at the bloody wound on Mo Xicheng’s forehead and exclaimed, “Mo Xicheng, are you alright?” n?e?. o
The man held her hand tightly and turned to Mo Zhi. And even though there wasn’t much strength left in him, he spoke clearly and with no uncertainty, “Mo Zhi, I’m warning you, if you dare to do anything to her ever again, I will kill you.” 
These words were spoken as though came from the depths of hell, bringing with them a murderous undertone. 
Mo Zhi who was still lying on the floor, shivered again. 
After saying this, Mo Xicheng felt darkness closing in on him. He turned towards Shi Nianyao, as though still worried about her. But unable to hold up any longer, he passed out.
###Chapter 1399: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (72) 
At that moment, there was a great commotion. 
Mo Zhi had been beaten to pulp and could not move. Mo Xicheng, on the other hand, was slumped against Shi Nianyao’s shoulder. 
Shi Nianyao was not in much better shape than the two men. 
One of the hotel employees was stunned as he stood at the doorway, looking at the situation in the room. Until Shi Nianyao shouted at them, “Get the ambulance!” 
The staff immediately rushed away. 
– 
Ten minutes later, the ambulance arrived. 
The doctors carried Mo Zhi and Mo Xicheng into the vehicle and supported Shi Nianyao, as she staggered into the hospital building. 
There was no need to treat Shi Nianyao as the remaining effects of the drug would go away after drinking more water. 
Mo Xicheng’s injuries, however, were more serious. 
He sustained head injuries and suffered a mild concussion. They would have to keep him in observation for a few days. 
– 
By the time he came to, it was very early in the morning of the next day. 
As he opened his eyes, he felt a pain in his head and the room spun. He saw the light on the ceiling double. 
Frowning, he held his head as he tried to sit up. Then he heard Shi Nianyao’s anxious voice, “Don’t move!” 
Mo Xicheng froze. 
Turning slightly, he saw Shi Nianyao dashing up to him and supporting him. “The doctor says you’ve got a mild concussion. You have to move slowly when you get up from the bed.” 
Mo Xicheng paused for a moment as he looked at her. 
After a night’s rest, Shi Nianyao was back to normal. 
The bruise on her face had gone down after applying ice on it, and the angry red slap mark was only vaguely visible. 
Grabbing her hand, Mo Xicheng asked, “How are you doing?” 
It wasn’t his own condition that he was worried about the moment he woke up. Rather, he was worried about her. Shi Nianyao’s heart overflowed with sugary sweetness as she quickly replied, “I’m ok.” 
Then she furrowed his brow and looked at him, explaining,v”You had an accident last night, it was horrific. When you were sent into the hospital, the doctor took a look and said that you were risking your life. How could you be so careless about yourself?” 
She then said fearfully, “If your accident had been more serious… I wouldn’t know what to do.” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng took her hand and said, “I’m fine.” 
She nodded, looked at the door and said, “My big brother will be coming over in a bit. Just so you know, I told him on the phone earlier that I was with you last night and we had an accident. So don’t say anything otherwise.” 
Mo Xicheng was stunned upon hearing these words. 
He stared at Shi Nianyao and understood why she had done that. 
There was no need for her to cover up for Mo Zhi for the sake of her reputation. 
Her fear, rather, was that her family would hold the Mo family accountable and Mo Xicheng would be caught in the middle. 
At this thought, a wave of emotions washed over him. 
He looked at Shi Nianyao in silence. 
Right at this time, there was a knock on the door. Following this, Shi Xun walked into the room with Tian Tian following behind. 
Shi Nianyao immediately shot Mo Xicheng a look and smiled as she addressed Shi Xun, “Big Brother, you guys are early.” 
Tian Tian quickly replied, “Is this considered early? If it hadn’t been for me trying to hold him back, he would have come over last night. Look at the both of you, how did you get yourselves into this?” 
At this remark, Shi Nianyao immediately answered, “We were just careless—” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Mo Xicheng interrupted, “This matter is not as Nianyao says, it was Mo Zhi.”
###Chapter 1400: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (73) 
Shi Nianyao was stunned by Mo Xicheng’s words. 
She hadn’t had a chance to finish what she was just saying. 
She turned around with a look of disbelief, looking at Mo Xicheng sitting up on the bed, pale from the blood loss. 
She was horrified by his confession. 
Did he not know that if her Big Brother heard the truth, he would make the Mo family his enemy
Wouldn’t a normal man in a situation like this just hide the truth, and try to appease her into not telling the truth
But why was Mo Xicheng doing this
As she tried to figure out this situation, Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and said, “It was Mo Zhi. He wanted to take advantage of Yao Yao.” 
As soon as he uttered these words, Shi Nianyao told herself, “Oh no.” Indeed in that instant, the room suddenly froze with an ominous sense that something unpleasant was about to happen. 
She turned and saw that her elder brother’s expression had darkened. 
His eyes were flashing with a dangerous glint. 
Looking at Mo Xicheng, he said after a while, “Mr. Mo, I think you owe me an explanation.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Ever since young, although her brother had interfered with her life all the time, he had also been the one who had taken the most care of her. 
The moment she was born, she had saved her brother’s life with her cord blood. And because he was older than her by four or five years, he had always treated her very well. 
She remembered that when she was in school, there was a boy in class who had loved to tug at her hair. She had lamented about this one day after she got home from school. 
Who would have expected that the next day, that boy in her class would come to class bald. 
From then on, Shi Xun had earned the nickname Protective Monster Brother. 
She was not even as close to her parents as she was to her elder brother. 
Under her brother’s watchful eye, the worst grievance that she had had to suffer was perhaps a few exchanges of angry words. This time, the matter had definitely crossed her big brother’s limit. 
As Shi Nianyao contemplated these things, Mo Xicheng lowered his head and said, “It was my mother who tricked Nianyao into going to the hospital, then drugged her and allowed Mo Zhi to take her away. Fortunately no permanent damage has been done. But the fact is that the Mo family has done this.” 
At this point, he raised his head, looked at Shi Xun and said after a while, “Mr. Shi, may I ask a favor from you?” 
Shi Xun narrowed his eyes at these words and said, “You have the audacity to ask for a favor? I hope you’re not going to ask me to let the Mo family off!” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down impassively and said, “Indeed, I would like to ask you to let Mo family off.” 
Shi Xun’s expression darkened when he heard this and he laughed icily. 
Just as he had thought, Mo Xicheng was completely unreliable. It was bad enough that he couldn’t sort out his own family affairs, but now he had even gotten Shi Nianyao into trouble. 
How could he possibly be reassured enough to hand his sister over to this man
Had he misjudged this man Mo Xicheng, thinking that he could be trusted
But the next moment, Mo Xicheng continued, “Because I hope you can hand the job over to me and let me personally avenge Nianyao.” 
“Nianyao is my girlfriend, so let me avenge the wrong they did to her. I know that your mother and Mo Zhi’s mother are good friends. If you try to seek justice for her, you’d be put in a difficult position too.” 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes flashed sharply as he looked at Shi Xun. And he requested once more, “Please, let me do this.”

###Chapter 1401: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (74) 
The ward fell silent at once. 
Shi Nianyao looked at Shi Xun and Mo Xicheng in disbelief. Feeling completely lost, she gave Tian Tian a helpless glance. 
She had not expected that Mo Xicheng would admit that he had been the cause of all this trouble, and now he had even made such a request. 
She could only look at him with a shocked expression. 
Was Mo Xicheng doing this because he was agitated by what had happened to her
But Yao Lili was his mother, could he actually ignore that fact
Shi Nianyao had grown up in a happy home and from her perspective, a mother and her child would always share a deep bond between them. She had always felt that the way Yao Lili treated Mo Xicheng was inexplicably odd. 
She shifted her gaze from Mo Xicheng and was now looking at Shi Xun nervously. 
She was afraid that her elder brother would make unkind remarks. 
At this point, Mo Xicheng had already decided to cut ties with Yao Lili, the Mo family and Mo Zhi. He had lost his family and only had her now. 
As these thoughts struck her, Shi Xun stared at Mo Xicheng with a darkened expression and said, “Very well, I shall wait and see. I hope you won’t disappoint me.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
When Shi Xun noticed that the other man was decisive and did not hesitate at all, he couldn’t help but develop a certain admiration for the man. Looking steadily at Mo Xicheng, he asked, “How are you going to get back at them?” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down. 
Mo Xicheng answered after a moment with a frosty laugh, “Haven’t they always feared that I’ll take away what belongs to them? Well then, I will start taking away whatever matters to them.” 
“This will be my punishment for them.” 
If he always took a weak stand, then he would always be controlled by others. And today’s situation would happen over and over again in the future. 
He could take the suffering, but he would not allow his wife, Shi Nianyao, to suffer a bit. 
Since this was the case, and since he had been giving way for more than twenty years, it was about time for him to step up. 
Shi Xun did not stay too long in the hospital. As he got ready to leave, Shi Nianyao got onto her feet and said, “Big Brother, let me see you off.” ?n?а. ?m
He glanced at his sister and nodded. 
Shi Nianyao followed her brother to the parking lot. 
On the way, Shi Xun asked her, “Come home with us now?” 
“No,” Shi Nianyao declined straight away. “Big Brother, he’s suffered a concussion and no one’s there to look after him. Besides, he’s fallen out with his family because of me. I can’t just leave him alone now.” 
Shi Xun turned to look at her and said, “Since this is the case, let’s find a compromise. You have to come home tonight.” 
Shi Nianyao thought about it and finally said, “Ok.” 
As she looked at Shi Xun, she couldn’t help but feel that she had been played like always. 
The sly old fox had tricked her! 
He wasn’t expecting her to go home with him immediately to begin with. After all, he clearly admired the man. He would have let her stay till late anyway. 
She pouted unhappily as she remarked, “Old Fox, Little Fox, all of you are foxes!” 
Shi Xun: … 
Tian Tian: … 
Shi Xun turned around and looked at Shi Nianyao sharply. Then he said indifferently, “You really do like the man that much? Even if his family is so troublesome?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
Shi Xun then added, “If he needs any help when coming up against his family, he can look for me.” 
Having said this, the man turned around and got into the car with Tian Tian. The car started up and drove away from the hospital. 
As Shi Nianyao looked at the disappearing tail lights of the car, she suddenly had an amusing thought. 
Did Big Brother’s words mean that he had accepted Mo Xicheng?
###Chapter 1402: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (75) 
Shi Nianyao returned to the hospital ward with this relief. 
The moment she entered, she saw that Mo Xicheng was trying to get off the bed. 
Shi Nianyao immediately panicked as she pushed the door open and rushed in front of Mo Xicheng, grabbing his arm. “Why are you trying to stand up again? The doctor said that you’re not allowed to move around too much as you have a concussion. You must take care, rest more and not move around. Especially not to walk around and do strong movements. Quick, quick, lie back down.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng’s face was slightly flushed as he coughed, “Yao Yao, I’m just standing up for a while, it’s alright.” 
Shi Nianyao said, “No, no, I insist. I’m serious. Quick, lie down.” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “Yao Yao, actually, I want to use the restroom.” 
He hadn’t gone to the restroom ever since he had fainted last night
He had already wanted to go when Shi Xun got there, but he had endured it and hadn’t said anything. However, he really couldn’t take it anymore now. 
Hearing Mo Xicheng’s words, Shi Nianyao then realized what he wanted to do. Her face immediately reddened. 
She didn’t dare to reject him and thus said, “Erm, then I’ll help you walk.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng still saw double and he felt really giddy. Even when walking, he felt that his legs were soft. 
Thus, he leaned on Shi Nianyao and followed her to the restroom. 
Shi Nianyao carefully stared at the floor and then said, “Slowly, move slower. You can’t move too fast or suddenly. Don’t be anxious, we’re getting there.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
The restroom was just in the room. Someone might think that something big had happened if they saw how Shi Nianyao was reacting. 
Shi Nianyao held onto Mo Xicheng and the two of them entered the small restroom. Then, Shi Nianyao supported his arm and stared at the toilet bowl with a troubled expression. 
She turned her head and looked at Mo Xicheng. “Erm, go ahead.” 
After saying that, her face reddened. 
Mo Xicheng looked slightly awkward as well. He coughed and replied, “Or you can go out first.” 
Shi Nianyao refused, “No, what if you fall down after I let go? The doctor told me to take good care of you.” 
Mo Xicheng then said, “Then now we—” 
Shi Nianyao just turned her head to look at the side and said, “I’m not looking, you can take off your pants.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Nianyao stared in front of her. She was so anxious she had no idea where she was looking. 
But after a while, she didn’t feel Mo Xicheng moving at all. Thus, she turned her head back and looked at Mo Xicheng in confusion. 
Mo Xicheng pointed in front of her and said, “You were looking at the mirror.” 
Shi Nianyao was confused. “Huh?” 
But after a while, she suddenly realized that on the wall was a mirror and she still could see him through the mirror. 
Her face immediately flushed as she quickly looked at the other direction. “It’s ok now! I didn’t mean to peek on you just now.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng coughed again and Shi Nianyao heard the sound of him taking off his pants. And after a while more, she heard the sound of running water. 
That sound was so evocative that Shi Nianyao flushed even more. 
The restroom was small, but the atmosphere at that moment was starting to ripple. 
It was only a few seconds but Shi Nianyao felt as if a century had passed.r?d.＆nbsp;cm
###Chapter 1403: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (76) 
“I’m done.” 
Shi Nianyao turned around when she finally heard that he was done. After turning around, she realized Mo Xicheng had finished his deed and had put on his pants. 
She secretly let out a sigh of relief and helped him to the basin at the side. After watching him wash his hands, she then helped him back to his room. 
After walking out of the restroom, both of them obviously felt that the awkward atmosphere instantly disappeared. 
Shi Nianyao took in a deep breath and helped him onto the bed. 
Then she looked at Mo Xicheng and asked, “Are you hungry? What do you want to eat for breakfast?” 
Mo Xicheng stared at her. 
Actually, Shi Nianyao didn’t look too well at that moment as well. 
After all, she had been afraid for the whole night. At that present moment, she looked kind of tired. 
Mo Xicheng closed his eyes and replied, “I don’t feel like eating, I feel a bit nauseous.” 
It was the truth. People who suffered from a concussion would feel nauseous. 
Shi Nianyao asked, “Then what should we do?” 
Mo Xicheng lay down and told her, “I feel like sleeping for a while.” 
Shi Nianyao immediately nodded. “You sleep well then.” 
After she covered him with sheets, she moved to walk to the side, but he grabbed her wrist. 
She turned her head around in surprise and saw that Mo Xicheng was staring at her. He requested, “Yao Yao, sleep with me.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Shi Nianyao looked at Mo Xicheng and saw that he had moved towards one side of the bed, leaving half a space for her. in. 
Shi Nianyao had stayed awake the whole night and was indeed really sleepy. After all, the drug had not fully left in her body. 
Thus, she thought for a while and then nodded. 
She walked to the other side of the bed and lay down. 
Although they were in the hospital and it was filled with the smell of antiseptic, Mo Xicheng’s unique masculine scent still wafted to her nose from time to time. 
That scent made her feel calm and slowly, she let down her guard. 
Her eyelids closed. 
In just about two minutes, Shi Nianyao was already sound asleep. 
Mo Xicheng only opened his eyes and turned to look at her after her breathing became even. 
Shi Nianyao looked really peaceful when she was sleeping, as if she was a sleeping beauty waiting for her prince to wake her up. Seeing her look, Mo Xicheng had the urge to lower his head and kiss her. 
But in the end, he still resisted the temptation. 
She was sleeping too soundly. He didn’t even dare to move, as he was worried he would disrupt her sleep. 
– 
She slept all the way to three in the afternoon. 
When Shi Nianyao opened her eyes, she felt that her whole body was sore. It was the side effect of the drug. 
She would be fine after a few days. 
She stretched her sides and took a glance at her phone before shutting her eyes again. 
But the next moment, she suddenly widened her eyes and jumped down from the bed. When she lifted her head, she was met with the laughing eyes of Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng asked, “Have you slept enough?” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
She was supposed to be taking care of a patient, but she had ended up sleeping herself. That was outrageous! 
She hurriedly asked, “Have you eaten lunch?” 
Mo Xicheng answered without hesitation, “Yes.” 
“Grumble grumble.” But his stomach exposed him mercilessly. 
Shi Nianyao held back her laughter and walked out. “I’ll go out, take a look and get you some food.” 
Just as Shi Nianyao walked out of the hospital ward to go outside, she suddenly saw a flash around the corner. 
Although it had just been a split second, Shi Nianyao had clearly seen that it was Yao Lili. 
But Yao Lili hadn’t visited Mo Xicheng despite coming to the hospital, and she was walking to the other side… Unless she’s visiting Mo Zhi?! 
Shi Nianyao thought of something and started following her.
###Chapter 1404: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (77) 
Because all three of them had been sent from the same hotel room to the hospital at the same time. 
So they had ended up in the same hospital. 
Shi Nianyao had not gone to see how Mo Zhi was doing, she had been looking after Mo Xicheng all this time. 
She moved forward and saw Yao Lili walking briskly with her head lowered. 
She was holding a lunch box in her hand. 
Shi Nianyao frowned and continued to tail the woman. 
Then she saw Yao Lili walk into a ward. 
She followed quietly. From the glass panel on the door, she could see the inside of the ward. Yao Lili was pouring soup out for Mo Zhi. 
He had a look of disdain on his face, but Yao Lili smiled as though trying to placate him. 
He twitched his mouth and eventually drank two sips of the soup for Yao Lili’s sake. 
Watching this from outside, Shi Nianyao was suddenly infuriated like she had never been before. 
Mo Zhi had superficial wounds and the doctor had assessed that they weren’t serious. 
But what about Mo Xicheng
He had a concussion and had had to be hospitalized. 
Something like a brain concussion could be very serious. 
But Yao Lili had not even turned up to see him since last night—not even a call. And now that she was here, she had brought soup for Mo Zhi instead
As she witnessed this with her own eyes, Shi Nianyao could have believed that Mo Zhi was her son and Mo Xicheng was just adopted. 
Shi Nianyao felt her anger rise at this thought. 
So this was the sort of environment in which her idol had grown up. She was determined to treat him even better from now on, so that he could feel love in this world. 
She found herself no longer able to watch the two people in the ward and turned to leave. 
So you, Yao Lili, brought soup for Mo Zhi
Well then, I will bring soup to my idol too! And my soup will be a hundred times tastier than yours. 
In a huff, she picked up her cell phone and called a renowned hotel to order a food delivery. 
Hence… 
An hour later, all sorts of take-out lunch boxes were delivered to Mo Xicheng’s ward. The man was speechless as he looked at Shi Nianyao. “Yao Yao, are you starting out a pig farm?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Earlier on, she had placed the order in a huff. But now looking at all of this food, she felt that perhaps it was a bit much. 
She gave an embarrassed smile and said immediately, “Why don’t I give some of this food to the nurses on duty?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
In the end, the nurses on duty received a sumptuous dinner treat from Shi Nianyao. 
– 
In another place, Yao Lili and Mo Zhi were in his ward. 
Yao Lili watched Mo Zhi take two sips of the soup before tossing the spoon on the table. She tried to persuade him, “Have a little more.” 
The man shook his head and said, “I don’t want any more. Why are you here? Huh? Why did Mo Xicheng turn up at the hotel? Tell me, did you tell him anything?” 
Yao Lili immediately shook her head and said, “I didn’t, Mo Zhi, how could I possibly tell him anything?!” 
He snorted, leaned back against the bed and asked, “Then what could have happened?” 
Yao Lili frowned and said, “Let’s not talk about how he found you first. You… and Shi Nianyao, the two of you… Did you… do it?” 
The moment she asked this question, Mo Zhi gave an icy laugh and said scornfully, “Do it? Do what? It came to nothing in the end!”
###Chapter 1405: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (78) 
Yao Lili looked disappointed at once when she heard this. She said, “You- you took Nianyao away for an hour and you didn’t manage to do anything in that time?” 
Mo Xicheng frowned and said, “I was on the road. I had only just arrived at the hotel when he turned up!” 
Yao Lili: …!! 
She frowned. 
Mo Zhi shifted around uncomfortably and asked, “Do my parents know? My father called just now and said they were coming right away. If they know about this, it will be the end of me.” 
Yao Lili frowned when she heard these words. 
She looked at Mo Zhi and said after a moment, “How are your injuries?” 
He twitched his mouth and said, “Painful. It’s painful all over but my bones are fine. The doctor says I can be discharged, but I insisted I was fine. I don’t want to be discharged!” 
“That’s right. When they get here, just complain! Don’t say anything else.” 
Mo Zhi nodded. 
Yao Lili got onto her feet and said, “I’d better leave since they’re coming, in case they see me.” 
Mo Zhi immediately nodded again. 
She cleared her own lunch box and picked it up. Just as she was about to walk out, the door was thrown open. 
Li Shu burst into the room looking extremely anxious. “Mo Zhi, how are you doing?” 
She suddenly halted when she spotted Yao Lili. She looked at the woman in astonishment. 
Mo Hai was trying to reassure Li Shu as he walked behind her, “Don’t be anxious, it’s just superficial injuries. Which boy doesn’t go through this? Don’t worry!” 
At these words, he walked into the ward. When he saw Yao Lili, he was surprised and asked, “Why are you here?” 
At once, the couple’s eyes fell on the lunch box in her hands. 
Li Shu paused and asked, “You… brought food for Mo Zhi?” 
Yao Lili had not expected them to turn up so soon. She had a fright when asked the question and instinctively hid the lunch box behind her back. 
This gesture made things look even stranger. Li Shu frowned and looked at Mo Zhi in a puzzled manner. 
The man sat on the bed, his eyes flashing guiltily. 
Yao Lili reacted quickly and said at once, “I- I came to see Mo Zhi, to see if he’s injuries are serious.” red. 
She did not say anything about the lunch box. 
Li Shu did not wish to engage with her so she said nothing, but walked around the woman to Mo Zhi’s bedside. 
Even though a day had passed, Mo Zhi’s face was still swollen and bruised. 
This was also why he hadn’t let the nurses apply ice on the wounds. 
He wanted to show Li Shu and Mo Hai the extent of what Mo Xicheng had done. 
Hence, even though there wasn’t anything terribly wrong with him physically, his injuries still looked serious. 
After taking a good look at his face, Li Shu’s pupils shrank back and sounded anxious as she said, “What on earth did you do?” 
Needless to say, Mo Hai was even more anxious as he demanded, “Who did this to you? Has Beijing no law and order! Who dares to beat up my son? I won’t let him off!” 
Mo Zhi, who was full of grievance, found his eyes reddening at his parents’ concern. Choking up with tears, he cried, “Mom, Dad, you have to seek justice for me! It was Mo Who did this!” 
Mo Hai was livid at once. “Mo Xicheng? How dare he?! He has beaten you into this state?! Where is he?”
###Chapter 1406: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (79) 
He was so furious he picked up the phone and wanted to call Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Zhi hurriedly said, “He’s also in this hospital.” 
After he said so, he grabbed Li Shu’s sleeve and said, “Mom, it hurts so badly.” 
Li Shu looked at him, her heart aching. 
Even though she hadn’t watched him grow up, even though he had become an unreasonable person, no matter what, why wouldn’t Li Shu dote on him and pamper him when he was her son
She stared at him, “Where did he hit you?” 
No matter how reasonable a mother was, looking at how badly her son was beaten up, her first reaction would definitely be to ask him that. 
Mo Zhi cried even harder, he pulled up his shirt and showed his bruised chest. “He hit my whole body, he was determined to kill me. It hurts so badly, Dad, Mom, I’m really hurting so badly. Sob sob, Mom, didn’t you always tell me that even though we don’t have the same mother, he’s still my younger brother and I shouldn’t treat him as an enemy? I listened to you and didn’t hit him. I endured his beating, it really hurts. He was really ruthless!” 
The injuries he had were all caused by Mo Xicheng under extreme anger. It was a ghastly sight to behold. 
After hearing that, Li Shu also became angry. “Why did that happen?!” 
Mo Hai spoke, “I always told you that you shouldn’t think too highly of others. You have always thought that Mo Xicheng was a good child! How can he be any good if he has such a mother who breaks people’s families? He’s bad from the inside! His fox tail is finally showing.” 
After Mo Hai spoke, the room became silent. 
Yao Lili, who was standing at the door, froze after hearing his words. She gripped her fist tightly. 
Although she knew that Mo Hai had never liked her, and that the only reason why something happened then between her and Mo Hai was because he had made a mistake while being drunk, her heart felt as if it was being pierced when she heard his words. 
As for Mo Zhi , he was completely stunned. 
So having a mother who was a third party made the son bad from the inside
So if one day his father realized that he was the child of the third party, would he be as heartless to him as he was to Mo Xicheng now
This thought instantly rooted in his brain and bloomed. 
Originally, when Yao Lili had told him that she was his real mother, he hadn’t been that scared. But at this moment, he felt that he was really scared. 
He swallowed and finally realized the truth. 
Since young, his father had been so nice to him, taking care of him personally, changing diapers for him and sleeping with him. 
All of these things hadn’t been for him. It was only because he was Li Shu’s son. 
The person his father liked wasn’t him, it was “Li Shu’s son.” 
This fact made Mo Zhi glance harden as he stared deadly at Mo Hai. 
Ever since young, he hadn’t been close to Li Shu. He would act as a good boy in front of Li Shu for her not to worry, but the person who had grown up with him was Mo Hai. The person who had indulged his nonsense was also Mo Hai. 
He had really treated Mo Hai as the person closest to him, and he hadn’t even accepted Yao Lili’s company. 
He swallowed again and when he was about to speak, Yao Lili suddenly spoke, “Mrs. Mo, Mr. Mo, this is all Mo Xicheng’s fault. The whole situation was caused by him, I’m here to apologize on his behalf.” 
Hearing these words, Li Shu’s irises shrank as she said, “Then you should tell me now the reason why he hit him, right?”
###Chapter 1407: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (80) 
Yao Lili choked right away at that question. 
She paused for a moment and threw Mo Zhi a glance. Mo Zhi opened his mouth to speak, but had no idea what to say. At this point Yao Lili spoke up, “It’s all because of that matter with Nianyao, sigh.” 
“The child’s heart is fixated on her, to the point of insanity. Mo Zhi only had a meeting with Nianyao and he got angry, as though Mo Zhi was going to steal her from him. He really likes Nianyao! Look at what he’s done.” 
Upon hearing that they had fought over Shi Nianyao, Li Shu frowned. 
She turned to Mo Zhi and said, “Is that what you end up doing?!” 
Mo Zhi opened his mouth to speak, but before he could do so, Mo Hai interrupted, “Don’t be upset, this whole matter is Mo Xicheng’s fault! Even if he married Shi Nianyao, would that mean Mo Zhi can never see Shi Nianyao for the rest of his life? This is too much. Beating his elder brother up just because he met up with the girlfriend?!” 
Yao Lili quickly explained, “Isn’t it maybe because Mo Zhi and Shi Nianyao… their relationship is a little different?” 
This explanation was like adding fuel to the already raging fire. 
Mo Hai burst out angrily, “Different? And wouldn’t he know it himself? He’s stolen his elder brother’s girlfriend and he has the audacity to beat up his elder brother. This is ridiculous! He’ll be the death of me. Which ward is he in? I’ll go look for him and get him to apologize to Mo Zhi.” 
On this note, he looked at Li Shu and said, “Don’t be angry, I’ll get him to come over right away.” 
Li Shu frowned and thought for a bit. She thought it was best to talk face-to-face, to avoid any information being left out, so she nodded. . c?
Mo Hai followed Yao Lili as they walked out of the room. 
– 
At this point, Mo Xicheng and Shi Nianyao just had lunch and were chatting. 
She was holding her cell phone and browsing through Weibo, saying, “Ambition is doing exceedingly well! Did you know that everyone was doubting your acting skills at first? They didn’t know you, but now there are videos of you all over the internet. Many people are wondering how they’ve never noticed you and weren’t your fan, that it was a real shame. Hahaha!” 
Seeing that she was so happy, Mo Xicheng nodded and smiled too. 
She continued looking at her cell phone and laughing aloud. “And this comment, it says, ‘Idol Mo almost never had any scandals, he’s the model celebrity.’” 
As she said this, she stole glances at Mo Xicheng, attempting to cheer him up. 
She knew that the Mo family would not let this matter rest, given that Mo Zhi had been beaten up. It seemed likely that Mo Xicheng would have to face the wrath of the Mo family in no time. 
Just as this thought ran through her head, she heard footsteps outside the door. 
She paused, turned and then saw the door being thrown open rudely. Following this, Mo Hai and Yao Lili walked in. 
When Mo Xicheng saw them, he was obviously taken aback. 
Mo Hai totally ignored the bandage around the man’s head and smirked frostily the moment he walked in. “Well, so now you finally show your true colours? You dare beat up your brother, will the next person be your father?” 
Mo Xicheng frowned at these words. 
He did not reply but looked at Shi Nianyao. After a moment, he said, “Yao Yao, why don’t you go home first?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She knew that Mo Xicheng didn’t want her to be around to see him in that sorry state.
###Chapter 1408: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (81) 
But right now, Mo Xicheng was suffering a concussion and he couldn’t even stand up steadily, if she left him alone… 
She turned to look at the infuriated Mo Hai and she could not help but worry. 
She started, “I—” 
“Yao Yao, listen to me,” Mo Xicheng interrupted her. 
Shi Nianyao could only relent and got onto her feet. “Ok then, I’ll wait outside along the corridor. Call me when you’re done.” 
She was worried and thought that if at least she waited outside, she could quickly take action in case Mo Hai did anything to Mo Xicheng. 
The man understood her intentions and, at once, felt warmth welling up in his heart. 
But because he really did not wish for her to witness the ugly treatment he received from the Mo family’s Mo Hai, he could only let her wait outside. 
He knew that unless he agreed, Shi Nianyao would not leave the room. Hence he nodded. 
Shi Nianyao got up and was about to leave the room when suddenly Mo Hai said with a frosty laugh, “Why? Are you afraid to face the consequence of your act? So what if Ms. Shi is here listening? Doesn’t this matter concern Ms. Shi here as well?” 
Mo Hai’s intention was to let Shi Nianyao stay and see the ugly side of Mo Xicheng. 
As his father, he could shame Mo Xicheng thoroughly. 
Women loved a hero. And if she discovered how Mo Xicheng was treated in the Mo family, and how shameful he was, perhaps she would stop being so enamored with him. 
The fact was that he still hoped Shi Nianyao would choose to be with Mo Zhi. Like that, Mo Zhi would secure his position and status. 
Unfortunately, he could not be explicit about such things. 
When he noted that Shi Nianyao had halted, he immediately looked at Mo Xicheng and started to rebuke the man, “You dishonorable son! Do you know what you’ve done? Since childhood, everything you had were hand-me-downs from your elder brother! He gave them to you! You ungrateful bastard. Now that you’re grown up, you steal his girlfriend, and now even beat him up?” 
The words he used were ugly, and Mo Xicheng could only feel embarrassed. 
And especially in front of the woman he loved, the shame was doubled. 
He glanced at Shi Nianyao reflexively, but to his surprise, he only saw fury in her expression and not an ounce of pity towards him. 
In that instant he suddenly understood. 
They were husband and wife. 
Hence she had the right to know, to share his weakness and the ugly side of his life. 
Why had he even thought of asking her to leave the room
As he thought about this, he looked obviously distracted. 
On the other hand, seeing that Mo Hai was so furious, Yao Lili was afraid that Mo Xicheng would start revealing the truth. Hence she quickly added, “Mo Xicheng, are you trying to send your father to his grave? Hurry up and apologize! You’re father and son after all. Just apologize to your elder brother and swear that you will never lay hands on him again, and they will let you off.” 
When Mo Xicheng heard this, he finally snapped to his senses. 
He looked at Yao Lili impassively. 
It had always been like this. When he was a child, every time he had a disagreement with Mo Zhi, Yao Lili would make him apologize the same way. 
Was he of a lower status than Mo Zhi in his mother’s heart
When Mo Hai heard Yao Lili’s words, he was further angered.
###Chapter 1409: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (82) 
Mo Zhi shouted angrily, “Sorry? Will saying sorry help Mo Zhi recover immediately? Will saying sorry take the pain away from him? Today, I will let you know what are the consequences of hitting your elder brother.” 
After saying so, he turned his head to the side. Seeing that there wasn’t anything in the room, he frowned, walked to the window and took the flowers Shi Nianyao had gotten. 
Shi Nianyao had ordered a bouquet of flowers online in order to make the room look more lively. 
As there was already a vase in the room, Shi Nianyao had just placed them in it. 
Since the flowers had to accommodate the height of the vase, the flower stem was really long. At that moment, Mo Hai directly held the branch and hit Mo Xicheng. 
Bam! In an instance, Mo Xicheng moved backwards and stretched his hand out. The branch hit his arm. 
Immediately, a red mark swelled on his arm. 
The amount of strength Mo Hai had used in this hit was obvious. 
The pain made Mo Xicheng narrow his eyes. He stared at his arm and sneered after a while. 
His smile was filled with sarcasm and this seemed to trigger Mo Hai, who lifted the branch and swung it towards him again. 
If he had been in a better state, he would have definitely been able to shun his hit. 
But at that moment, Mo Xicheng was suffering from a concussion and he had a blurry vision. If he kept moving, he would feel really dizzy, much less so when avoiding the branch. 
He furrowed his brows, knowing that he was completely unable to shun it. He could only tighten his fist as he decided to face it. 
In his brain, he couldn’t help but recall a moment in his childhood. 
– 
Mo Zhi had found trouble with him and thrown stones at his head, calling him a bastard, a tr*mp. 
He hadn’t reacted. i?r. m
After that, Mo Zhi called Yao Lili a third party, a vixen, and said that she was damn shameless. 
Mo Xicheng instantly raged and he turned around to stare at Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi was so shocked he took a step backwards. But there were stones under his feet, causing him to slip and fall on the ground. 
His hand was slightly scratched and he ran away crying loudly. 
Mo Xicheng didn’t bother about it but after a while, he saw Mo Hai walk over angrily. 
He held a metal ruler and when he saw him, he just came forward to hit him without even saying anything. 
He was still young then, about five or six years old. He was completely unable to run when Mo Hai held his arm. That metal ruler hit him hard repeatedly on his back. 
He resiliently bit his lips and absolutely didn’t cry. 
He put up with the beating and, when Mo Hai was finally done, there were many bloody marks on his back. 
After that, he turned his head and looked at Yao Lili. 
Yao Lili came up to him and slapped him. “Who allowed you to push your elder brother? How can you treat your elder brother like this? He’s your elder brother, do you even know why you have done wrong?” 
He was taken aback then. “I- I never—” 
Before he could finish speaking, another slap landed on the other side of his face. “How dare you lie? Lie some more!” 
Mo Xicheng stared at Yao Lili, Mo Hai and then at Mo Zhi, who was standing at the side. Mo Zhi let out an arrogant smile. Seeing that, Mo Xicheng secretly swore to himself that he would grow up quickly so that he would at least be able to resist them when he got hit. 
– 
Ever since senior high school, how long had it been since he had been beaten up
He would never have expected that he would taste the feeling of getting beaten again now.
###Chapter 1410: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (83) 
Mo Xicheng laughed at himself mockingly and then lowered his head, as he awaited the pain from the branch on his back. 
But little did he expect that the next moment, someone would flash in between and block Mo Hai. Shi Nianyao shouted angrily, “Stop it!” 
Mo Hai was about to hit him but when he saw Shi Nianyao, he hurriedly took his hand back. 
Shi Nianyao wasn’t just an ordinary rich man’s daughter. 
Her elder brother was Shi Xun. 
He was known in the industry for being crazily protective of his younger sister. 
Other families might not mind these small issues, but anything that happened to Shi Nianyao would always be a big matter to Shi Xun. 
If he had accidentally hit her with the branch, Shi Xun might even use all the power of the Shi family to deal with the Mo family. 
Actually, he didn’t even have to use so much power of theirs, just a small portion of their power would cause all the businesses in Beijing to discriminate against them. 
Of course, Mo Hai didn’t dare to lay hands on Shi Nianyao. Thus, he looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Ms. Shi, please step away. I don’t need an outsider to interfere with me teaching my son.” 
Shi Nianyao stared at him and said, “Mo Xicheng is your son and he’s already injured. He has a severe head concussion and the doctor has said that he needs to rest. How can you still hit him?!” 
Mo Hai took a glance at him and said nonchalantly, “It’s just a minor injury, what’s there to make a big fuss about? Just look at Mo Zhi, there isn’t any part of his body without an injury. My surname would not be Mo if I don’t teach this beast a lesson today.” 
After saying so, Mo Hai pointed at Shi Nianyao again and said, “Let me repeat myself, Ms. Shi, this is my family’s business, please step away.” 
Shi Nianyao stood in front of Mo Xicheng, stuck out her arms and shielded him. “I will not step away. If you want to hit him, you have to hit me first!” 
Mo Hai was so angry he took a step forward. “You—” 
Shi Nianyao sneered as she lifted her chin and spoke arrogantly. “If you dare to touch even a strand of my hair, I will tell my brother that the people of the Mo family gathered to attack me.” 
Mo Hai was flabbergasted. “How- how can you do this?” 
Shi Nianyao stared at him and continued, “You’re hitting him when you haven’t even gotten the facts right. Uncle Mo, while I’m still respecting you by addressing you as an uncle, can you hear me out?” 
Mo Hai instantly frowned and replied, “You’re still young, so I won’t stoop down to your level. Step away now, I don’t have to get anyone’s permission to teach my son a lesson.” 
After he said so, Yao Lili suddenly grabbed Shi Nianyao’s arm before she could reply. She was directly dragged to a side by Yao Lili. 
One was a pampered little mistress, and the other was a woman who had grown up doing menial labor and had immense strength. 
Shi Nianyao was instantly controlled by Yao Lili. She struggled and shouted, “Let go of me!” 
Yao Lili spoke, “Ms. Shi, listen to me. Let him hit him and after a few hits, he won’t be as angry with Mo Xicheng anymore. I’m doing this for Mo Xicheng’s sake.” 
After she said so, viciousness could be seen in her gaze. 
When she had seen how badly Mo Zhi had been beaten up, her heart had hurt really badly for him. If she didn’t teach this brat a lesson today, she would not be worthy of her surname. 
When Mo Hai saw that Shi Nianyao had been dragged away, he instantly took a step forward and lifted his hand. 
When the branch was about to hit Mo Xicheng’s back, a loud stern voice came from the door. “Stop!” 
Everyone turned their heads simultaneously and saw Li Shu standing there with a livid expression on her face. “What are all of you doing?!”
###Chapter 1411: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (84) 
Mo Xicheng stared at Li Shu and his gaze dimmed. 
The same thing had happened again. 
Memories of his childhood filled his heart. 
He had been beaten up by both Mo Hai and Yao Lili. 
It was always Li Shu who had ended those beatings. 
She was like a god. She would coldly and nonchalantly look at them and say, “Enough, why are you taking it so seriously against a kid? No matter what he has done wrong, he’s just a kid.” 
Just with one sentence of hers, Mo Hai would let him off and Yao Lili wouldn’t dare to hit him. 
And he would then be able to recover from the beating. 
It was always the same. 
Just like this time… 
Li Shu walked into the room and her gaze fell on the furious Mo Hai. Nonchalance flashed across her eyes as she spoke, “Is there something that you can’t address peacefully? Why are you creating a fuss in a hospital?!” 
Mo Hai instantly smiled obsequiously. “Li Shu, you see, he has beaten up Mo Zhi so badly. Aren’t I just taking revenge?” 
After he said so, Yao Lili immediately spoke, “Yes, it’s Mo Xicheng’s fault. He deserves it.” 
Hearing these words, Li Shu frowned. She stared at the two people in front of her with slight annoyance and sneered. Then her gaze shifted to Mo Xicheng. 
After seeing the bandage on his head, she was slightly stunned as she subconsciously asked, “Did Mo Zhi cause the injury on your head?” 
When she heard her question, Yao Lili hurriedly explained, “No, he got into an accident himself. Mo Zhi is such a nice person, why would he hit people?” 
Li Shu nodded. 
Shi Nianyao rushed in front of Mo Xicheng the moment she was released from Yao Lili’s grip. She held onto him and asked, “Are you ok? Are you dizzy? Do you feel nauseous? Do you need me to call the doctor?” 
At that moment, Mo Xicheng still saw double as he stared at the people in front of him. 
When he heard her questions, he immediately shook his head. 
However after shaking his head, he felt his double vision worsen and he felt even more dizzy and nauseous. 
He tightened his chin, wanting to speak, but still chose not to in the end. 
Just at that moment, Li Shu came in front of him. 
Although she had always felt that this boy had been really familiar, at that instant, Li Shu was still extremely unhappy as her own son had been so badly beaten up by him. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng, her gaze showed her disappointment in him. She stared at Mo Xicheng and sneered. “You once promised me that you wouldn’t do anything that would hurt Mo Zhi.” 
Hearing this, Mo Xicheng’s gaze sunk and he tried to focus his vision. 
He wanted to see Li Shu’s reactions clearly, but after trying really hard and finally being able to see her gaze, he saw disappointment in it. 
He had no idea why, but his heart ached and he felt a small piercing pain. 
It was that gaze. Since young, he had never been scared of Mo Hai’s beatings or Yao Lili’s scolding. He was really scared of Li Shu’s faded gaze. 
He had always felt that he was the most terrified when this cultured and refined woman that had the air of a scholar, this woman who was the only person who had given him warmth, would be disappointed in him. 
Although he had already known when he chose to go against Mo Zhi that she would be disappointed in him. 
Just as he was thinking this, Li Shu said, “Mo Xicheng, you really disappoint me.” 
After saying so, Li Shu turned around and left. 
Just at that moment Shi Nianyao, who had been silently fuming, said, “Stop! I have something to say!”
###Chapter 1412: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (85) 
Li Shu was originally going to leave, but she turned back and looked at Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao was shaking with anger. 
She has never seen such bullies. 
Just as she was about to speak, after she took a step forward, Yao Lili immediately stopped her. “Ms. Shi, I’m begging you! My family is already very messed up. Can you please not create more trouble? The brothers have already become enemies because of you, what else do you want?” 
After Yao Lili said so, Li Shu also frowned. nαd. om
She glared at Shi Nianyao and added, “Yao Yao, since you’ve chosen to be with Mo Xicheng, then you should not be seeing Mo Zhi anymore. You—” 
Before she finished speaking, Shi Nianyao sneered, “Oh, this is such a joke! I am afraid you do not know what is going on!” 
She took another step forward and slightly raised her chin. 
She stared at Mo Hai and her gaze went across Yao Lili. Seeing her flustered gaze, she smiled mockingly and turned to look at Li Shu. 
She didn’t know why, but based on the things that had happened just now, she had a feeling. 
She felt that Mo Xicheng and Li Shu’s relationship wasn’t actually that bad. 
Furthermore, when Li Shu had said, “You have disappointed me,” she had been able to clearly feel sadness coming from Mo Xicheng. 
Thus, she was staring directly at Li Shu at that present moment. 
Mo Hai took a step forward and said, “Ms. Shi, this is our family’s business. It had nothing to—” 
Before he could finish speaking, he was interrupted by Shi Nianyao. 
She slowly said, “Trying to rape the youngest daughter of the Shi family. I wonder if the Mo family is capable of taking these charges.” 
After she said so, the whole room fell into silence. 
Mo Hai was the first to react. He stared at Shi Nianyao in confusion. “You- what are you saying? You cannot come up with such a reason just to help Mo Xicheng find an excuse, you—” 
Shi Nianyao sneered and she took out her medical report. The drug in her blood had not disappeared. She threw it on the ground in front of Mo Hai and said, “I’m speaking nonsense? Then take a look at this report! See if I’m actually speaking nonsense!” 
After she said so, she looked at Li Shu again. “Yao Lili, she found the excuse of her being sick and asked me to visit her in the hospital. She then added drugs into my water and asked your son to come. Luckily, Mo Xicheng reached me in time, or else… So do you all think that you still deserve a chance to be talking to us now?” 
The entire ward went silent. 
She suddenly felt terrified when Mo Hai opened his mouth. 
If the Shi family held them accountable, the consequences were unthinkable. 
On the other hand, Li Shu stared at Shi Nianyao in disbelief. sHE could not believe that Mo Zhi was a person like that. 
Although her son wasn’t smart, how could he have completely no integrity?! 
She stared at Shi Nianyao with a horrified expression and spoke after a while, “This… is real?” 
Shi Nianyao sneered and replied, “Everything I’ve said, every word and sentence is definitely true. What I have gone through today, what exactly happened in the hospital and how I ended up here, I believe could be checked clearly and proven if you want to.”
###Chapter 1413: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (86) 
Li Shu stood where she was, listening to Shi Nianyao’s story. 
She turned pale. 
She knew that the girl had no reason to lie. 
She stared at Shi Nianyao as the girl narrowed her eyes and said with a frosty laugh, “Do you even know why Mo Xicheng hit Mo Zhi? Because if he hadn’t, then Mo Zhi wouldn’t have gotten away as lightly as he has now. My elder brother has just left the hospital because Mo Xicheng convinced him that he’d handle the matter. He did so that my brother would go home for now and not find trouble with the Mo family.” 
Then she shifted her gaze towards Li Shu and said, “You think you’re disappointed with him? I want to tell you, Auntie Li Shu, my mom grew up with you and you are best friends. Mom’s always praised you and made you out to be a fair and reasonable person, she told me you’re a woman of substance. But today I’m thoroughly disappointed in you!” 
Li Shu froze at the words “thoroughly disappointed.” 
She had never thought that the truth would turn out to be this. 
She looked at Shi Nianyao and suddenly clenched her fists tightly, as she turned towards Mo Xicheng. 
Then she saw a look of cold indifference in his expression. 
In the past, if there was anyone in the Mo family for whom Mo Xicheng had had any semblance of fondness, if there was anyone he hadn’t seen as an enemy, it would have been her. ?nr?d. 
But now her words had turned his heart cold. 
She stood there, in that instant feeling a great urge to say something. “I- I didn’t know. I-” 
But in the end, she could not continue. 
Could she use the reason of not having known the truth as a good enough excuse to hurt Mo Xicheng
Of course not. 
Li Shu was a person of great logic and clear-thinking. 
She fell silent, suddenly feeling that this time, whatever bit of mutual affection they had for each other would have been destroyed. 
Her lips quivered as she tried to speak, but no words came. 
At this point, Yao Lili, who had kept quiet until now, suddenly dashed forward, pointing at Mo Xicheng and berating him, “Mo Xicheng, now I understand. I finally see your scheme! I can’t believe you’re trying to accuse the victim. Say it, are you trying to leverage the Mo family to cause Mo Zhi’s downfall?” 
These words stunned everyone in the room as they turned to look at the woman. 
Yao Lili lowered her head and started to cry. “I’m your mother, why would I put your girlfriend into another man’s bedroom? You were the one who asked me to trick Shi Nianyao into going to the hospital, so that you could have her and when that happened, you could bring forward your wedding plans. I’ve done as you told me, so how did she end up in Mo Zhi’s room? And furthermore, you turned up to rescue her before he had even done anything?!” 
“Say it, was that your scheme? You made sure that Mo Zhi offended the Shi family so that the Shi family would help you to take revenge on Mo Zhi.” 
She had turned the whole story around with those words. 
Shi Nianyao stared at Yao Lili in disbelief. She could not have imagined a person could be this shameless. 
All of a sudden, she was dumbfounded. 
On the other hand, Mo Hai’s eyes lit up at this possibility and he stepped forward, pointing at Mo Xicheng and rebuking the man, “Yes, I’m sure that’s it! You dishonorable son. You have been a scheming person since young! Ms. Shi, don’t be fooled by him.”
###Chapter 1414: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (87) 
The two of them looked like a pair of clowns in that instant. 
Shi Nianyao looked at them, completely flabbergasted. 
Because she was stumped. In light of undeniable evidence, they were still capable of saying it was something else. She couldn’t think of anyone else with the same capability. 
Besides, the reasoning… It couldn’t be more rotten. 
She suddenly understood. 
She understood why Mo Xicheng had not tried to explain the situation when Mo Hai and Yao Lili had burst into the room. 
And even when Li Shu had come in, Mo Xicheng hadn’t bothered to explain himself. 
Because he was used to this, right since childhood. 
He was used to being misinterpreted even if he tried to explain, because in the end, he would be the scapegoat. 
Shi Nianyao gave an icy laugh and took a step back. 
Mo Hai turned back and looked at Li Shu, saying, “Li Shu, you have to believe us in this matter. Mo Zhi is a good boy. He’s naive and simple, and surely would not do such a thing. All of this was Mo Xicheng’s scheme! You, all of us, everyone has been tricked by Mo Xicheng.” 
Yao Lili nodded and added, “Mo Xicheng, I’m your mother, how could you use me? Also, how many times have I told you that the Mo family belongs to Mo Zhi, not you? You are the son of a mistress, what right do you have to take over the family estate?” 
Mo Hai nodded in agreement and said, “That’s right. You will not inherit a single cent of the Mo family’s money! Don’t even dream about it!” 
“Also, Ms. Shi, I would advise you to stay away from such a person! He doesn’t live in a good environment and he has ulterior motives. I’m sure he has dark secrets! He’s my son, I understand him.” 
Shi Nianyao had stopped talking. 
The shamelessness of these people had reached a whole new level. 
She would only stare steadily at Li Shu with an icy, scornful smile. 
Finally, Shi Nianyao said, “Are all of you done?” 
Mo Hai nodded. 
Yao Lili lowered her head. 
Li Shu stared at what was happening. 
Shi Nianyao raised her arm, pointed at the door and said, “Then I ask you to get out! We do not welcome you here.” 
Mo Hai fumed at once and said, “Ms. Shi, what are you talking about? I’m his father.” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “You acknowledge you’re his father. Do you plan to give him a part of the family estate?” 
Mo Hai immediately shook his head and exclaimed, “That’s not possible! This son is not even in the official household! Of course I will not acknowledge him.” 
Shi Nianyao’s smile was becoming increasingly sarcastic. She replied, “That’s right. So what right do you have to call yourself his father? If he’s not in the Mo family household, he doesn’t belong to the Mo family. Since he’s not your son, then why is it unreasonable for me to ask you to leave?” 
“You-” Mo Hai pointed a trembling finger at her. 
Yao Lili then started, “I’m his mother.” 
“You are fit to be a mother?” Shi Nianyao laughed icily. In the past, she had tolerated the woman because of her status as Mo Xicheng’s mother, but now she realized that this woman was simply a lunatic. 
She continued after a pause, “You gang up against your own son with outsiders. You are about the greatest marvel of a mother I’ve ever seen!” 
Having said this, she turned to Li Shu again. 
Her expression was now peaceful and distant, at the same time weary. 
“Auntie Li Shu, there is only one truth, believe what you will.”
###Chapter 1415: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (88) 
Li Shu looked at them one at a time. 
Finally, her gaze fell on Mo Xicheng. 
He had not moved from his spot on the bed. His expression was cold and distant as always, perpetually giving others the feeling that nothing could ever touch him. 
He had seen too much in his time, Li Shu knew that only too well. 
This child was forever enduring silently, forever humble. 
Even though he had no friends, even though he was evidently a bright child but would always only score a mere 60/100 in his tests, even though… ever since he had graduated, he had not spent a single cent of the Mo family’s money. 
She still remembered the first movie he had acted in. 
Yao Lili had taken his earnings to buy herself a purse. 
At the time, Li Shu had even been a little envious. 
Because she had also wanted a present from her son. But when Mo Xicheng had been working as an actor after graduation, Mo Zhi had gone on a world tour. 
Mo Zhi had never earned a salary. 
At the time, she had felt slightly disappointed. 
Later on, Mo Xixheng had approached her slowly and had placed a gemstone necklace before her. 
That gemstone necklace had been expensive, no cheaper than Yao Lili’s handbag. 
When she got it, Li Shu was stunned. She watched him place the gift before her in his usual calm and indifferent manner. Then he had bowed and said, “Thank you for your care all of these years. I think I’d like to move out with my mom so that we don’t cause any more disruptions in your life.” 
With the first paycheck he had drawn, he bought her that gift, rented a villa elsewhere and moved out with his mother. 
Furthermore, after leaving, she received a bankbook from him. 
There were a million in the account. 
He left a note: [The Mo family may have spent more than a million on me all these years, but that’s all I have right now. For now, I’m returning this amount.] 
He was adamant. 
He was so determined that Li Shu had come to understand how stubborn this child was. 
Very clearly, he was drawing a line between himself and the Mo family. 
After this, he acted in his second movie, then his third. 
Until finally, he amassed a fortune. In total, he must have given her close to 10 million. 
She had kept aside that money with the intention of returning all of it to him when he got married. This was also to return the affection that she had for him. 
So a person like him, how could he possibly do such a thing
Since young, he had kept every word he had given to her. 
While Li Shu was thinking of all these things, he spoke up. He looked at Li Shu and said after a while, “This time, I have to apologize.” 
Those few words were simple but in an instant, Li Shu knew what he was thinking. 
He was not going to hold back anymore. 
Li Shu’s pupils shrank. In that moment, even if she wanted to tell him to give way to Mo Zhi, she was unable to get these words out. 
On the other hand, Mo Hai was elated and said, “Li Shu, look, he’s apologized and admitted it!! He set Mo Zhi up. Dishonorable son, admit it! You did this because you are after the Mo family’s estate.” 
Yao Lili lowered her head and said, “How could you do this? The Mo family brought you up, is this how you repay them? Mo Xicheng, have you forgotten everything I’ve told you since you were young?!” 
As Mo Hai was about to say more, Li Shu suddenly snapped back to the present. 
She stared straight ahead for the longest time before she suddenly said, “Shut up, all of you!”
###Chapter 1416: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (89) 
Mo Hai immediately fell silent and looked at her in astonishment. 
She looked at him and turned around, saying, “Let’s go.” 
Puzzled, Mo Hai replied, “Li Shu, I’m not done teaching this silly boy a lesson. I have to get him to apologize to Mo Zhi, you—” 
Before he could finish what he was saying, Li Shu spun around and snapped at him, “Do you have any idea of how much you look like a clown, yelling at everyone, right now?!” 
Her remark shut him up immediately. 
Obediently, he walked out after Li Shu. 
Yao Lili glanced at Mo Xicheng and her expression darkened at once. She quickly followed the couple. 
Seeing that they had left the room, Shi Nianyao looked at Mo Xicheng and lowered her head. She said, “I- I’ll be back in a bit.” 
Following this, she walked out after them. 
At the corridor, Yao Lili and Mo Hai were still going on about Mo Xicheng and his scheme. 
Yao Lili said, “Madam, I really didn’t expect Mo Xicheng to do this. I really didn’t know, please don’t be angry. It was all Mo Xicheng’s fault.” 
Mo Hai joined and said, “Exactly, Li Shu. Think about it, it’s really simple. Our Mo Zhi is not that sort of person. Mo Xicheng wanted to force himself on the girl so that the Shi family would have to take him as a son-in-law, then put the blame on Mo Zhi.” 
Before he could finish, they suddenly heard a voice behind them, “Hang on.” 
They halted and turned around. n?ea. 
They looked at Shi Nianyao walking elegantly towards them, a step at a time. 
Yao Lili frowned and asked, “What now?” 
Mo Hai gave an icy laugh too and added, “What do you want
She eyed them and suddenly looked at Li Shu. “Auntie Li Shu, I have a few things to say to you in private.” 
Li Shu looked at her and nodded. 
Shi Nianyao moved with Li Shu away from Yao Lili and Mo Hai, and walked with her to a balcony nearby. 
Looking straight at Shi Nianyao, she asked, “What is it you wish to say?” 
The girl said after a while, “I can prove that Yao Lili and Mo Hai are lying.” 
Li Shu paused. “You have proof?” 
Shi Nianyao said, “That’s right. Yao Lili claimed that Mo Xicheng tricked me into going to the hospital to get his way with me, but perhaps you don’t know that he and I… we’re already married.” 
Li Shu was immediately stunned and asked, “What- what do you mean?” 
“I mean that we have registered our marriage! So I’m already his, why would Mo Xicheng ask Yao Lili to trick me?! I think you understand the people in our families. The reason we got married in secret was because we didn’t want to be entangled in the Mo family’s affairs, but even if he really wanted the Mo family’s estate…” 
Shi Nianyao felt that she didn’t have to say it explicitly. 
She lowered her head and continued, “Lastly, I hate Mo Zhi. And I think you know why. What they say about him framing Mo Zhi and taking advantage of me… Huh, you must know that I only need to say a word to my elder brother and Mo Xicheng could have everything.” 
Li Shu had fallen silent. 
After Shi Nianyao made these threats, she bowed deeply to the woman and said, “Auntie, I know what I’ve said is disrespectful, but this is proof.” 
Without turning back, she walked away. 
Li Shu stood by herself on the balcony for a while to compose herself. Then she walked to Mo Zhi’s ward. 
As she entered the ward, she saw Mo Hai trying to placate the boy. 
The both of them turned around at once to look at Li Shu. 
Li Shu’s gaze fell on Mo Zhi. She walked up to him. 
Slap!
###Chapter 1417: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (90) 
The crisp and clear slap echoed around the ward. 
Everyone was shocked into silence. 
Clutching his face, Mo Zhi stared at Li Shu in disbelief. Mo Hai didn’t even dare to say a word. 
Only Yao Lili widened her eyes in horror at the situation unfolding before her. Her eyes flashed with an expression of embarrassment, as though she had been insulted. 
He was her son and Li Shu had given him a tight slap. 
If she weren’t bound by logic, she would have charged at that woman and given her a few scratches on her face. 
What right did she have to hit him
She had seriously gone overboard. 
Yao Lili clenched her fists tightly and couldn’t help crying out, “Madam, why did you hit Young Master?” 
Those words caused everyone in the room to snap out of their daze. 
Although the slap from Li Shu in itself hadn’t been painful, Mo Zhi had never felt so humiliated in his life. Clutching his face and looking at Li Shu completely stunned, he wanted to lament and speak, but when he saw the expression on her face, he swallowed all of his words. 
Li Shu stood there austerely. There was a silent warning in her posture, no one dared to speak or oppose her—no one even dared to look her in the eyes. 
The moment Yao Lili’s words fell, Li Shu turned to look at her and said, “I’m disciplining my son, what has that got to do with you?” 
Her words sent everyone in the room into a stunned silence again. 
Not the least Mo Hai, with his widened eyes. 
Since Mo Hai had had this affair, Li Shu had treated him with indifference, she had been neither cold nor warm towards the man. 
But even though Yao Lili had been living next to their family, under the same roof with her step-child, Li Shu had never made things difficult for the mother and son. 
Because she understood that when a man strayed, it wasn’t entirely the third party’s fault. 
If it hadn’t been for Mo Hai not being able to control himself, how would he have ended up sleeping with Yao Lili
What was the point of making things difficult for another woman
Yao Lili had never gotten married and never received any affection from Mo Hai. She had never even experienced a normal married life, that was pitiful enough. 
But right now, it was very clear at whom Li Shu was directing her words. 
Yao Lili choked at once and said after a moment, “I- Madam, please don’t be angry, I won’t say another word.” 
Li Shu threw her a glance upon hearing these words and ignored her completely afterwards. Instead, she shifted her attention to Mo Zhi and said after a while, “I did not educate you enough in the past, but from now on, I will make every effort to correct your behavior.” 
Yao Lili was inclined to speak again, but before she could do so, Mo Hai had taken a step forward and said, “Li Shu, you have misunderstood something. Our Mo Zhi is a good boy, and he has never—” 
Li Shu immediately let out a frosty laugh and interrupted, “Mo Hai, don’t think I’m stupid and don’t understand anything. We both know the truth!” 
She turned and looked at Mo Hai with an expression of disappointment. “All these years, I failed to discipline him and you, as his father, is this how you minded him? It’s no wonder he just does as he pleases. He even schemed against Shi Nianyao! Ignoring her family background, have you ever thought that her mother and I are best friends? If you had gotten your way, how would I ever be able to look at her in the eye again? And now, I don’t even know how to explain this. Mo Zhi, I would have never thought that while time and again I asked Mo Xicheng to give in, you, on the other hand, were never satisfied.”
###Chapter 1418: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (91) 
She gave Mo Zhi a look of disappointment, turned around and strode out of the ward. 
When she walked out, Mo Hai turned back to glance at Mo Zhi and made a gesture of stabbing at the air, looking every bit resentful at the boy’s failure. Then he shook his head and ran out after his wife. “Li Shu, Li Shu, don’t be angry. The boy’s still young and we can talk things over with him. Don’t be angry.” 
Mo Hai’s desperate attempts to placate his wife could be heard from Mo Zhi’s ward, so the boy’s expression immediately changed. 
After being beaten up, not only did his mother not help him seek justice, but instead she slapped him. And the father he had thought doted on him since he was a child did not stand by him to comfort him, but instead had gone chasing after the woman. 
These were his parents. 
No, that wasn’t his mother. 
His gaze fell on the only woman left in the room. 
Yao Lili stood and made sure the couple had gone away before she spun around and dashed towards Mo Zhi’s bed. She embraced his head with both her hands and looked at his face, asking, “My son! Is it painful? She actually hit you! Your face was just recovering and now it’s swollen again, sob, sob, sob.” 
Now, the isolated and helpless Mo Zhi, the Mo Zhi who had been lying in bed all day, felt double as isolated and lonely. He looked at the woman before him, who was sincerely showing her emotions, thoroughly concerned about his welfare. He suddenly felt inexplicably dismal. 
Yao Lili had once told him that she was his real mother, while Li Shu was Mo Xicheng’s mother, and that she had switched the two babies in the past. 
When Mo Zhi had heard this, he had felt that the story was a great joke. 
But later, when Yao Lili time and again helped him unconditionally, he had secretly done a DNA test. 
Indeed, the report had shown a blood relation between him and Yao Lili. 
Yao Lili was his real mother. 
This discovery had been terrifying to him. 
After that, he had kept making use of Yao Lili without acknowledging his discovery. 
He hated Yao Lili and had no affection towards her. 
But now, when Yao Lili was the only person left by his side, he finally realized that there was only one person in the whole wide world who would be good to him wholeheartedly and unconditionally, and it was Yao Lili. 
Suddenly, he reached out, embraced Yao Lili’s waist and buried his head in her embrace. Then he called out quietly, “Mom!” 
Yao Lili froze and, as though suddenly realizing something, quickly responded, “Yes!” 
A faint smile appeared on her face as she tightened her embrace around her son’s arms. 
– 
Elsewhere in the hospital. Li Shu strode out of the ward and to the elevator. 
Mo Hai followed closely behind her, calling out to her desperately and ignoring the strange looks that the nurses and doctors were throwing at them. 
It was not until Li Shu was standing at the elevator, hitting its button randomly and impatiently, that Mo Hai managed to catch up to her. 
He looked at her from the back, thinking of what to say to cheer her up. Then he gulped and took a step forward. “Xiao Shu, don’t be angry anymore, you-” 
Before he could finish his words, he stopped. 
He saw something roll down Li Shu’s cheeks and fall gently on the ground with a small splash.
###Chapter 1419: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (92) nr. o
He was stunned as he stared at the tear drop that had fallen on the ground. Then he looked at Li Shu with an expression of disbelief. 
Since more than twenty years ago, when she found out about his affair with Yao Lili, she had been giving him the cold shoulder. 
Sometimes, he had wished she would talk to him, but mostly she ignored him. They stayed together as a family under one roof, but they had lived their lives apart for more than twenty years. 
It had been that many years. 
He had worked hard to make her happy, hoping to win her back, but Li Shu was a firm and persistent person who couldn’t be moved. 
This was the first time in more than twenty years that she had shed a tear in front of him. 
He gulped and stared at her, suddenly fumbling and not knowing what to do. 
He extended his hand and wanted to place it on her shoulder, but suddenly remembered that in the past, whenever he had tried to make physical contact with her, she would violently reject it with a look of disdain in her eyes. 
Hence, even as he reached out to touch her shoulder, he did not make that final contact. 
He withdrew his hand carefully, as though afraid to alarm her. After a long pause, he said, “Li Shu, don’t cry. Tell me what you want me to do so that you will stop crying. Just tell me and I’ll do anything for you so that you’ll stop crying. Li Shu.” 
Li Shu couldn’t help turning around when she heard his tentative plea. When she looked into his aged face, for some odd reason, the normally strong and cold woman reached out and embraced her husband. 
Mo Hai froze. He didn’t dare to move. He didn’t even believe this was really happening. 
His arms hung by his sides stiffly as Li Shu embraced him. 
He could feel her restlessness. Finally, he carefully spoke and asked, “Li Shu, what- what’s the matter?” 
She sniffed once and then withdrew her hands. 
Mo Hai hurriedly searched through his pockets, but they were empty. He said, “Li Shu, wait here for a moment.” 
He turned around and dashed to the front desk to ask, “Excuse me, do you have some tissues?” 
The person replied, “Yes, please, hold on.” 
Just as he took the tissues, he realized that Li Shu was standing by the elevator. When she was crying, he had noticed the elevator had been on its way up, so given her personality, he was quite sure she would have left by the time he returned with the tissues. 
When he hurried back to the elevator with the tissues in his hand, he saw that she was still standing there. 
Immediately, a joyful expression flashed across his face. He quickly walked up to her and gave her the tissues. Then he said to her gently, “Here, dry your tears.” 
There were stirred emotions and a gladness in his voice that he did not realize. 
She looked at the tissue and, after a moment, reached out for it. 
She dried her eyes and remained silent for a long time. Finally, she said, “Mo Hai, let’s have a chat.” 
Let’s have a chat. 
The man’s eyes teared up almost immediately. 
He had waited for these words for more than twenty years. 
And he had spent the most splendid years of his life waiting for these words. 
He couldn’t help his eyes reddening. He nodded and said, “Sure, let’s have a chat. Let’s have a good chat. Where shall we go for a chat? Right here?” 
Li Shu shook her head and said, “Let’s go to the Scarlet Cafe.”
###Chapter 1420: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (93) 
Scarlet Cafe was the place where Mo Hai and Li Shu had first confessed their love for each other. 
Mo Hai, in his youth, had gotten down on a bent knee to pledge his love in this cafe, and later, he had asked for her hand there. 
One could say that their best memories together were in this cafe of literary reputation. 
The cafe’s interior was decorated with a classical theme. There were all sorts of books on the shelves. This was a cafe, but also a bookstore of sorts. 
One could browse through the books while having a coffee here. 
Li Shu loved books and would often go there. 
She had the aura of an elegant and knowledgeable woman. 
Whereas Mo Hai, he was a typical businessman. 
He also had the symptoms of rich second-generation businessman heirs, which were a general disinterest in academia and getting a splitting headache just by seeing a book. 
However when he was pursuing Li Shu, he had spent three whole years holed up in this cafe keeping her company. 
Mo Hai was an exemplary rich second-generation heir, a playboy. 
Initially, Li Shu had treated him with disdain and rejected him. But eventually she was moved by his persistence, although she hadn’t trusted him very much. . o
The two of them went through many hardships before Li Shu agreed to be with him. 
For the sake of pursuing this woman, Mo Hai had changed himself a lot. Furthermore, when he proposed to Li Shu, he had promised not to entangle himself with other women again. 
One could write an epic love story about their youth romance. 
And it was also because of the two of them that the Scarlet had become famous throughout Beijing. 
The cafe was also nicknamed the Matchmaker’s Cafe. Countless couples of lovers had chosen this place to pledge their love to each other. 
Right now, Li Shu and Mo Hai were in this shop that they used to frequent. 
Mo Hai had already bought the place and it was now part of the Mo family estate. 
Hence the management of this cafe had not changed a bit. It still maintained the same classical interior that it had had twenty years ago. 
Li Shu ordered a coffee at the front desk and found a seat at the balcony. Next to her was her shelf and on it, a few of her favorite books. 
Mo Hai sat opposite her and surveyed their surroundings. It stirred his emotions deeply. 
All these years, he had come to this place by himself on countless occasions. He had wished he could go back in time with her but he sat there alone, making no progress. 
But now, Li Shu was here. Things were a little different. 
He had not expected that she would want to have a chat with him here. 
Since she had chosen this place, could it mean that she had not forgotten their past
At this thought, Mo Hai hesitated and threw a glance at her. He couldn’t help but lower his head quickly after this. With fear and trepidation, he finally spoke in an anxious tone, “Li Shu, what did you want to chat about?” 
Li Shu paused for a moment and then started, “I wanted to talk to you about Mo Zhi and Mo Xicheng.” 
Immediately, Mo Hai started to explain, “I’ve never acknowledged Mo Xicheng as my son. I only recognize Mo Zhi as my son, the son that you bore me.” 
Li Shu made a gesture to stop Mo Hai from speaking further. She continued, “All these years, I have failed Mo Zhi. I only realized it today because of what has happened.” 
She lifted her gaze and looked at the man with a serious expression. She said these surprising words, “Mo Hai, will you promise me one thing?” 
Mo Hai nodded immediately, “I can promise you even a hundred things, not to mention one.” 
Li Shu fell silent for some time before she said, “Give the Mo family’s estate on to Mo Xicheng.”
###Chapter 1421: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (94) 
Her words stunned Mo Hai. He looked at her with a shocked expression and asked, “What- what did you say?” 
He must have misheard. 
He had thought that what Li Shu would want was for him to legally sever all ties with Mo Xicheng, and to ask the mother and son to leave the Mo family. 
But he had not expected this request instead. 
Li Shu must have made a mistake. 
She cast her gaze down, smiled, and then continued, “Mo Hai, aren’t you aware of how Mo Zhi has turned out?” 
Wasn’t he aware
How could he not be aware! 
Where Mo Zhi’s real capabilities were concerned, no one was more aware than Mo Hai. 
As a child, whenever Mo Zhi was disciplined by his father, the boy would wail and ask for his mother so that he could complain to her. 
At the time, Mo Hai would inevitably feel his own heart ache. He had also been afraid that every time Li Shu came home to such complaints, it would anger and frustrate her. Hence, Mo Hai would give in to the boy. 
After some time, the teacher informed him that Mo Zhi was unable to keep up with his school work, that the boy was not progressing and wished to stop schooling. 
That was when he realized he had held the boy back. 
But he was even more afraid of Li Shu’s wrath, hence the lie… day after day, year after year, it had built up. 
He had always felt that no matter how much the boy didn’t meet his expectations, he was still his son. If it came to the worst, he would hire a few business managers and all the boy would need to do was enjoy the fruits of other people’s labor. i. c?
He could get Mo Zhi to have a few children, and he could groom the grandchildren instead. 
Hence in a way, one could say that he had given up on the boy. 
But even so, he had never thought of choosing Mo Xicheng. 
As these thoughts formed in his head, Li Shu spoke, “Give the business to Mo Xicheng, let Mo Zhi withdraw from it completely. And in future when Mo Xicheng successfully operates it, he surely would not leave Mo Zhi out. But if you continue to allow Mo Zhi to run the business, he will forever suspect Mo Xicheng and will continue doing things that will force Mo Xicheng to retaliate, like now. So hand the business over to Mo Xicheng.” 
She said these things calmly and unhurriedly. Then she turned to look around and continued, “As for Mo Zhi, I will get the Li family to look after him. At least it will guarantee him a comfortable life. It’s not too late if he wishes to learn anything now. And when he has mastered a skill and wishes to return, he can’t. Otherwise, it’s useless to place the Mo family in his hands.” 
Li Shu’s eyes reddened when she said these words. 
She knew she was taking away her own son’s inheritance by saying these things. 
After Mo Xicheng took over the business, even if Mo Zhi was the Mo family’s successor, he would be living under the mercy of Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng was a kind and good man. 
But Mo Zhi had bullied him since they were children. Even if Mo Xicheng was a saint, it would be hard to not take that to heart. 
But she had no other option. 
She had seen with her own eyes the difference between the two boys, and finally acknowledged Mo Zhi’s inadequacy and lacking skills thanks to Shi Nianyao. She finally had to face reality. 
Only if Mo Xicheng took over the family business and forced Mo Zhi out of the game could they keep things in balance between the two boys. 
Mo Hai looked at Li Shu steadily and asked, “Is that your final decision?” 
To him, both boys were his sons. 
The only person that mattered to him was Li Shu.
###Chapter 1422: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (95) 
Li Shu paused at Mo Hai’s question and after a while, nodded. 
Mistakes had been made. The only thing that they could do now was stop things from deteriorating. 
She had to make a decision at this critical moment. 
Otherwise when they came to a point of no return, Mo Zhi would force Mo Xicheng to the limits of sanity. 
She did appreciate Mo Xicheng and had an odd affection towards him. 
But compared to her own son, of course Mo Zhi held more weight. 
She was doing all of this for Mo Zhi’s sake. 
Allowing Mo Xicheng to lead the Mo family would also mean the Shi family would not take revenge on the Mo family. This would ensure the family’s safety. And it would also mean the Shi family would let Mo Zhi off for Mo Xicheng’s sake. 
Li Shu knew the Mo family too well. Apart from Si Jingyu, there wasn’t a benevolent soul. 
Shi Jinyan, besides being a cunning fox, doted on his daughter to no end. Shi Xun himself was not a person one would want to offend. 
Although she was on good terms with Si Jingyu, the fact was that in this matter Mo Zhi was at fault. If it hadn’t been for Mo Xicheng, the outcome would have been disastrous. 
Even if she herself had gone to them to plead on behalf of her son and her best friend would let him off for her sake, she could not bring herself to approach Si Jingyu on this matter. 
Mo Zhi had done something too low-down, it was way too vile. This was the worst thing that anyone among them could have done, and she simply could not accept it. 
Hence she had to make a choice now. 
At this thought, Li Shu lowered her head with a determined expression. 
Seeing that was the case, Mo Hai said after a moment of hesitation, “Ok, I understand.” 
He got onto his feet, looking at Li Shu still. He opened his mouth to say something but eventually, no words came. 
He wasn’t sure how it was best to put it. 
He wanted to ask if she would go back to him if he did as she wished. 
But he swallowed those words as soon as they came up. 
For most of his life, things had been kept vague, but he knew that there was hope in maintaining things the way they were. 
However if certain things were said explicitly, it would destroy the life they had now. 
– 
At the hospital. 
After feeding soup to Mo Zhi, Yao Lili looked at him and sighed. 
Mo Zhi asked, “So now should I leave the hospital? Should I go home to try to placate her?” 
Yao Lili thought for a moment and decided, “There’s no need to.” 
She looked at Mo Zhi and said, “It’s better that you remain in hospital, because only if you’re sick will her heart soften and come to see you.” 
Mo Zhi frowned and said, “That may not be the case. Look at what she did today. I’m already injured and yet she slapped me! How is she a mother? The way she looked at me wasn’t even how a mother would look at her child. It was more like looking at an enemy!” 
As soon as he had said this, Mo Zhi paused, anxiously took Yao Lili’s hands and said, “Say, do you think it’s possible that she’s found out?” 
Yao Lili immediately replied, “Nonsense, this matter is between the two of us only, no one else will ever know.” 
Mo Zhi sighed in relief and continued, “So today, she was just putting on an act?!” 
Yao Lili nodded. 
Mo Zhi snorted and continued, “She’s really heartless. She would abandon her own son just like that! This woman has a heart of steel.” 
Yao Lili sighed. 
At this point, Mo Zhi’s cell phone suddenly rang.
###Chapter 1423: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (96) 
Mo Zhi frowned and looked at his cell phone impatiently. Then he picked up the line. 
A voice said, “CEO Mo, I have bad news.” 
The man snorted frostily. “What bad news? Huh! I’m still alive and kicking. Can’t you say anything good?” 
The voice choked for a moment and said, “I’m not referring to that, I’m saying that there’s bad news at work.” 
“What’s the matter at work? Can’t you speak clearly?” 
The person frantically tried to explain, “The Chairman has just called for a board meeting and during the board meeting, he proposed to let Mo Xicheng take over the CEO position.” 
When Mo Zhi heard this, he sat up straight immediately and looked at his cell phone in shock. “What- what did you say?” 
The voice at the other end o fthe line repeated the information. 
Mo Zhi sprang up from the bed and cried, “This is not possible!” 
The voice sighed and continued, “CEO Mo, I knew you wouldn’t believe it, but it’s true. The board meeting has just ended. Right now someone is probably on the way to the hospital to see Mo Xicheng. I’m just giving you a heads-up. It seems that the Chairman is not kidding! Also, you know Old Li and his gang, they weren’t happy with you. Now that they hear Mo Xicheng is taking over, they are ecstatic. You know these people more than I do.” 
Mo Zhi was furious at once. “These old ignorant fools have distorted views! They can’t see who the real successor is. I’m sure Dad has made a mistake and there’s some misunderstanding. I think I know, I’m sure he threatened Dad into this. This is simply abominable!” 
At these words, Mo Zhi hung up the phone furiously. 
He started pacing back and forth in the ward. 
“What’s the matter?” Yao Lili asked. 
She could see that something serious had happened. 
Mo Zhi told Yao Lili what had happened. The woman was immediately stunned and said, “How did this happen?” 
Mo Zhi took in a deep breath and asked, “What do we do now? Do you think Dad changed his mind all of a sudden… because they have found out?” 
His words threw Yao Lili into a panic. Why else would Mo Hai suddenly change his mind? It was impossible. 
“This is quite incredible. For so many years, Mo Hai has taken exceptional care of you because of Li Shu, so he wouldn’t possibly relinquish the headship of the Mo family to someone else, unless…” 
Mo Zhi anxiously asked, “Unless what?” 
“Unless the person who requested was Li Shu! Otherwise, Mo Hai would ever do such a thing?” 
Mo Zhi’s pupils shrank back at once. “Li Shu? How- how could that be possible?” 
On this note, there was a knock on the door suddenly. 
The two of them turned around simultaneously and saw Li Shu standing at the doorway. She walked in as they turned to look at her. 
Li Shu had not expected Yao Lili to still be around. 
She stood at the doorway and paused. Then she furrowed her brow. 
Following this, she said to Yao Lili, “I have things to tell Mo Zhi, please leave the room.” n?ea. 
Yao Lili threw a glance at Mo Zhi and shifted her gaze to Li Shu. Then she nodded. She turned around to pack her belongings and shot Mo Zhi a look to tell him to remain calm, before she walked out of the room. 
The ward fell silent at once. 
Mo Zhi looked at Li Shu, as a sense of conflict began to grow in him.
###Chapter 1424: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (97) 
He lowered his head and stared at the floor. 
Noticing his expression, Li Shu knew straightaway that he must have found out. 
After talking to Mo Hai, they had gone their own ways. Mo Hai gone to the office to manage Mo Xicheng’s matter. In the meantime, Li Shu had been worried that Mo Zhi would be upset and sad upon hearing the news. 
She knew that she had not been a good mother to Mo Zhi, hence she had volunteered to go to the hospital to break the news and counsel Mo Zhi. She wanted him to know that it didn’t mean his parents were giving up on him. Rather, there were difficulties they had to consider. 
She sighed and sat on the sofa in the ward. She then pointed at the other seat and said to Mo Zhi, “Take a seat.” 
Mo Zhi walked over and sat down. 
Li Shu addressed the topic without beating around the bush, “I suppose you’ve found out.” 
The man looked gloomy. Feeling rebellious, he did not speak. 
Li Shu continued, “Mo Zhi,your dad and I did this for your own good—” 
As soon as she said this, the seething Mo Zhi sprang on his feet, looking at her and hollering angrily, “For my own good? You gave the business to Mo Xicheng for my own good? If it were for my own good, you wouldn’t be doing this to me. Sometimes I wonder if you really are my mother?!” 
There was a heartrending ring to his furious tone, causing the listener a sort of heartache and sorrow. 
Li Shu looked at him. His face was contorted in anger. It only made her feel even more disappointed. 
She had not expected Mo Zhi would grow up to be like this under Mo Hai’s care, completely lacking patience and education, showing this ugly side of himself even in times like this. 
She couldn’t help but think of Mo Xicheng. 
Even as he got beaten by Mo Hai, he sat with a straightened spine, keeping an inexplicably magnificent bearing. 
There was no comparison between the two of them. 
Even though Mo Zhi was her son, she had to make a fair assessment. 
She paused and spoke again, “Are you done?” 
Mo Zhi was heaving with anger at this point. When he heard her words, he lifted his head and was met with an impassive expression in her eyes. 
Something in his head cleared. iea.＆nbsp;
He looked back at the woman in disbelief and, after a moment, hung his head in dejection. He sat back down. 
There was no emotion in Li Shu’s voice, only numbness, as she continued, “I’ve discussed it with your father and what you’ve done is too serious, the Shi family will not just let it go like that. The Mo family will bear the brunt of their wrath. I don’t have what it would take to plead on your behalf. This is the only way to save the Mo family and your inheritance. I’ve also discussed with your father that although we are handing the future of the family to Mo Xicheng, you will always own half of the company’s stocks. It will mean you’re still a major shareholder. I’m here today to advise you to put some sincere effort into collaborating with Mo Xicheng in the future, don’t get into direct conflicts anymore.” 
“You are brothers and grew up together. I watched him grow up too. I believe that he won’t harm you if you don’t create any trouble. 
Li Shu stood to her feet and concluded, “I’ve said what I needed to. I’ll go now.” 
She took a few steps towards the door, suddenly halted and added, “Don’t get too close to Yao Lili.”
###Chapter 1425: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (98) 
On that note, she pushed the door open and walked out. 
Mo Zhi stared at her back with tightly clenched fists. 
Her unemotional words were like icy daggers that stabbed his heart mercilessly, making him feel like an abandoned child left behind in a hospital. 
He stumbled onto the sofa and stared at the door in a daze. 
The door swung open again. This time Yao Lili dashed in. 
– 
Li Shu left the ward and walked briskly away from it. 
As she walked further away from Mo Zhi’s room, she began to feel the heavy burden in her heart ease. But on the other hand, she was choked with emotions. 
She had no idea what was going on, and even less why she was feeling an exceptional abhorrence towards Mo Zhi today. 
But that was her own son, how could she possibly feel so disgusted by hime?. 
She had to be going mad. 
At this thought, Li Shu took a deep breath and tried hard to convince herself to be the bigger person, not to criticize him. 
She had not done her part as a mother all this time, hence her child had turned out like this. But since they were aware of it now, they had to work to fix him. 
She took another deep breath as she worked to suppress the moodiness she was feeling. 
After a moment, she started walking again. 
She found herself wandering into the hospital garden. 
The air was fresh in the garden and the weather was fine. She found a seat along the corridor and sat down. After a while, she heard a familiar voice saying, “Slow down. The doctor has instructed you to take it easy with the walking, otherwise you’ll feel dizzy. Slow down, Mo Xicheng, if you’re disobedient I won’t let you out again.” 
Upon hearing this, Li Shu turned around. Then she saw Shi Nianyao supporting Mo Xicheng as they strolled in the garden. 
There was a bandage around the man’s head and he looked pale. He couldn’t help himself from talking back at her nagging, “Stop being so nervous. It’s not as serious as he says. Look, I’m fine, aren’t I? It’s just a bump. Actually, I wanted to get discharged today.” 
Shi Nianyao immediately twitched her mouth and reached out to steady him. “Let’s walk a bit more and take a rest on that bench there afterwards. Then you should behave and return to the ward with me.” 
Mo Xicheng was a little reluctant to return after being locked in the ward all day, but he relented, given what Shi Nianyao had said. 
He didn’t want her to worry about him. 
Just as he spoke and Shi Nianyao helped him walk forward, a few men in suits walked up to them hurriedly. When they saw Mo Xicheng, they immediately looked relieved and glad. They called out, “Mr. Mo! So you’re out here!” 
Mo Xicheng was surprised. He stared at them as they approached and held out a document to him, saying, “This is the decision of the company’s board of directors. This is your appointment letter.” 
The other man in a suit was obviously a lawyer. He drew out a letter and said, “This is an agreement for the transfer of shares drafted by your father. Read it carefully and, if you have no ions, you may sign it.” 
“And this…” 
The two men took turns to explain various things as Mo Xicheng stood there in a daze. 
He looked at them steadily and, after a moment, he asked, “Did you… get the right person?”
###Chapter 1426: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (99) 
The three men looked at each other and then burst out laughing after a moment. 
One of them said, “Mr. Mo Xicheng, you’re a celebrity, how could we mistake you to be someone else? This is the decision we made at the board of directors’ meeting today. To appoint you as the company’s CEO.” 
“This is the transfer of shares agreement signed by your father, Mo Hai, himself. There should be no issues at all. But if you have any doubts, you can voice them.” 
“This…” 
Mo Xicheng listened to what they were saying and, after a while, things began to sink in. 
He glanced down at the documents, his expression complex. 
As he pondered, he suddenly heard a voice say, “Just sign them.” 
Surprised, Mo Xicheng looked up. 
He was astonished to see Li Shu standing there, looking at him. 
He frowned and glanced at the documents again, suddenly seeing the light. He spoke, “I suppose this is your idea?” 
Li Shu was quiet for a moment and finally nodded. “That’s right.” 
Mo Xicheng gave a bitter laugh in response. In that instant, he had to admit that he envied Mo Zhi. 
He had a father who shielded him and a mother who protected him. 
Of course he understood Li Shu’s intentions. 
Just that he hadn’t expected them to act so quickly. 
But that wasn’t a bad thing, it had saved him a lot of trouble. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and looked at the documents once again. 
For an odd reason, a thought flashed past his mind. 
If only Li Shu was his mother, wouldn’t it be great
But as soon as that thought formed, he felt it was laughable. He quickly shook his head, tossing this idea aside. 
He glanced at the documents again and said with a smile, “A pen please.” 
Li Shu watched as Mo Xicheng signed the papers. Then he nodded at Li Shu, before turning around and heading back to his ward with Shi Nianyao. As Li Shu stood there watching them leave, she suddenly felt that all of these years, the Mo family had owed too much to this boy. 
She took a deep breath, still trying to deeply suppress that detest towards Mo Zhi. Following this, she walked back to Mo Zhi’s ward. 
Realizing that her attitude with Mo Zhi earlier on had probably been too harsh, she decided to return to see how he was doing. 
When Li Shu arrived at his door, she saw that Yao Lili was in the ward once again. 
She frowned as she wondered why Yao Lili kept coming back. 
She was puzzled and disgusted at once. Then just as she was about to enter, she heard Mo Zhi remark, “What sort of mother is she? You are my mother! Blood relations are such an oddly clever thing. Even if they don’t know the truth, those two are still close like mother-and-son.” 
Li Shu was stunned and froze on the spot. 
Who was this person Mo Zhi was talking about
As her head spun at this thought, she saw Mo Zhi reach out to grab Yao Lili’s hand and say, “Mom, tell me, what should I do now? They’ve given the Mo family business to Mo Xicheng, what about me? What am I?” 
Li Shu did not hear a single word of what he said then. 
She was stunned into a stupor. 
Who was Mo Zhi addressing? What was he calling Yao Lili?!?. ｍ
###Chapter 1427: Nianyao and Mo Xicheng (100) 
Li Shu stood outside the door in a daze as she looked into the room in disbelief. 
Mo Zhi was holding Yao Lili’s hand and looking both half-crazed and troubled. He looked at the woman and said yet again, “Mom, say something. What do I do now?” 
He was calling her Mom again, Li Shu felt her head spinning. 
What was wrong with this child
Why was he grabbing Yao Lili and calling her Mom
As much as she understood the meaning of each word he was saying, it seemed that when those words were strung together, they made no sense. 
She stood outside the door with her hand on the door handle, feeling confused while she stared at the two people in the ward. 
Her mind went blank, all she could see was Mo Zhi and Yao Lili. 
After Mo Zhi had spoken, Yao Lili patted his back gently and said, “Don’t panic, Mo Zhi, don’t panic. Let me tell you, I’ve spent so much effort, it’s all so that you can inherit the Mo family business. So don’t worry, I will not let Mo Xicheng do this. Don’t worry, you have to keep calm. Now all you need to do is to continue lying on your sickbed, pretend to be weak. I think they are giving Mo Xicheng the shares and position to solve Shi Nianyao’s matter.” 
Mo Zhi spun around and sat on the sofa. Staring at Yao Lili, he suddenly asked, “Are you really my mother?” 
Yao Lili was stunned and said, “Mo Zhi, what- what do you mean?” 
Mo Zhi laughed icily and said, “You say you’re my mother, but look at what you’ve done. You told me that if I slept with Shi Nianyao, once the deed was done, I’d be able to get rid of Mo Xicheng. But now? How did Mo Xicheng know I was in the hotel and why did he burst in at a critical moment? Now that I think about it, after all of this, the person who has benefited most from it is still Mo Xicheng! Didn’t you see? Even my Mom is being fooled by him. On the surface he looks like he is not interested in the inheritance, but he has signed the contract all the same.” 
“Honestly, is all of this a lie? You are doing it for Mo Xicheng! You’re actually not my mother!” 
Yao Lili started to panic and said, “Mo Zhi, what a child! This was an accident and I am indeed your mother, you have to believe me! I carried you for ten months and gave birth to you, how could I not be your mother?” 
Mo Zhi stared at her. Because he had lost the Mo family shares, he was now terrified and hesitant. He was very worried about everything. He felt that things were starting to go wrong and going in a way that he hadn’t intended. 
Shi Nianyao had clearly been Mo Xicheng’s girlfriend from a poor family, so why had she turned into the pampered daughter of the Shi family all of a sudden
And this woman in front of him kept saying she was doing these things for his benefit. But in the end, the person who benefited would invariably be someone else. 
He pointed at Yao Lili and interrogated her, “You said you’re my mom, what proof do you have?!” 
Yao Lili said frantically, “Mo Zhi, how could you doubt me? I’m your real mother! If you don’t believe me, we can take a paternity test.” 
“A paternity test?” Mo Zhi laughed and said, “That would take a long time.” 
“Mo Zhi, you- you- Oh, now I recall! There is a birthmark on your buttock. It was there from birth. It’s a rather private area, so I don’t think many people know about it.”
###Chapter 1428: He Is My Son (1) 
Li Shu did not pay attention to Mo Zhi’s reaction, but at this point, she was completely stunned. 
She stared quietly at the two people in the ward and felt as though the world around her had collapsed. 
She was in a dream, where everything around her was surreal. 
She gulped, suddenly feeling a surge of anger, restlessness and fear. 
No, perhaps not fear. She felt like she was a joke. 
There had been a birthmark on Mo Zhi’s buttock, this was indeed something that not many would have known. 
Since they were a wealthy family, they were rather superstitious. 
Hence when a child was born, it was common practice to get a fortune teller to come to the house and take a look at the child. 
At the time, the fortune teller had assessed that the birthmark was a bad thing. Specifically, that it would cause the loss of wealth and also suppress his fortune. Hence they did not make the existence of this birthmark public, and when he had grown a little older, they had even found someone to remove it. 
Mo Zhi knew about thi, but besides himself and the people involved at the time, almost no one else had knowledge of it. 
And now Yao Lili had clearly mentioned it. 
Hence even if Li Shu had wanted to believe this to be a lie, it was unconvincing. 
She stared at Mo Zhi. 
Now that Mo Zhi and Yao Lili were next to each other, she realized for the first time that Mo Zhi bore a slight resemblance to that woman. 
There was an unmistakable resemblance, in fact. Their side profiles looked like they were made from the same mould. 
In the past, when she hadn’t known this, she had never made the association. 
Li Shu retreated a step. 
She gulped and widened her eyes by what was going on in the ward. 
But if Mo Zhi knew he was Yao Lili’s son, then what about her own son
As soon as this question occurred to her, she immediately thought of Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng. 
Her eyes reddened at once. 
Scenes of Mo Xicheng being beaten by Yao Lili suddenly flashed through her mind. 
She had thought Yao Lili and Mo Hai’s one-night stand had resulted in Mo Xicheng. Although she had never felt like making things difficult for the other woman, she couldn’t having something against Yao Lili, the mistress. nr. o
Of course, there had always also been that bit of loathing towards Mo Xicheng. 
But every time she saw the little Mo Xicheng, her heart would inexplicably soften. 
But… 
Still, on countless occasions she had steeled her heart when she saw Yao Lili beating Mo Xicheng. She hadn’t intervened… unless it went too far. She would occasionally put a stop to things. 
Just like that time… 
She had seen that he had a fever and was so ill that he was dizzy. 
However, Yao Lili wasn’t home and didn’t care, neither did Mo Hai. 
She had only asked the housekeeper to send the boy to the hospital. 
And after that
How many times, for the sake of Mo Zhi, Mo Xicheng had had to tolerate and curb his abilities
And how many times had Mo Zhi taunted Mo Xicheng for being a bastard, for being the son of a mistress
Al ot of the time, she had chosen to turn a blind eye. 
At those times she had turned a blind eye, and even when she had occasionally intervened and protected Mo Xicheng, she would end up berating herself for being too kind-hearted. 
He was the son of the mistress, why did she get involved in his business
But as these thoughts came to her, she suddenly felt like crying. Feelings of great anger surged through her. 
Yao Lili… Yao Lili!
###Chapter 1429: He Is My Son (2) 
She had given that woman’s child a life of luxury and brought him up meticulously, but what about Mo Xicheng
She recalled the little Mo Xicheng, how he had crouched on the floor shivering. 
She recalled that countless evenings coming home from work, she would spot the little child carrying a basin to do his laundry. When he heard the sound of the car engine, he would run to that fence between the two courtyards and through it, he would stare intently at her. e?. o
She would obviously see him, but she would pretend not to. 
Even during that one time… 
He saw her bring a toy sports car back for Mo Zhi. Mo Xicheng stood at the fence, staring at the toy sports car with his clear and dark eyes. 
That was when she realized that Mo Xicheng didn’t have many toys. 
But she had chosen to ignore this. 
Later, Mo Zhi lost his toy sports car. 
He claimed that Mo Xicheng had stolen it. 
At the time, Yao Lili had cried and wailed, saying that Mo Xicheng had stolen the toy sports car because he didn’t have any toys. 
Subsequently, Mo Xicheng came up to them and, holding the toy sports car very carefully, he passed it to Mo Zhi. 
But Mo Zhi extended his arms and pushed Mo Xicheng on the ground. 
Mo Xicheng looked at Mo Zhi blankly. Then Mo Zhi pointed at him and yelled, “You bastard! Thief!” 
Mo Xicheng immediately shook his head and said, “I’m not a thief, I’m not a thief. I found the toy car!” 
Mo Zhi would not accept it and continued to berate the boy. 
Finally, Yao Lili didn’t think twice and whacked her son hard on his bottom. 
Mo Xicheng bit his lip but did not cry. 
When this happened, Li Shu had thought that the child was too stubborn and she didn’t like him. 
After this episode, she accidentally found the surveillance footage and discovered the truth of what had happened. 
It was Mo Zhi who had taken the toy car to play in the garden. When he left the garden, he had left the toy car there. But Mo Xicheng had seen it and had quietly approached it. He had wiped it carefully and, with the same amount of care, had studied the car intently. He had placed it on the ground and played with it for a few seconds. Then he had picked it up again and had wiped the wheels. 
He stood there holding the toy car, looking up once in a while at Mo Zhi, who was in the distance, as though waiting for him to come back for it. 
Holding the car, he sat in the tall grass and eventually fell asleep. 
When he woke up, he took the car and walked away. 
The instant that he handed the toy car back to Mo Zhi, he was smiling with relief. 
But what followed… 
It was through that incident that Li Shu had first felt something special for Mo Xicheng. 
She had suddenly found that she no longer hated or disliked him. 
Although after much consideration, she still did not clarify things for him. 
These scenes from the past flashed before her eyes and it only made Li Shu feel as though there was a sharp knife plunged into her heart, causing a raw pain. 
It was so painful her tears started to flow. 
The grievances this child had suffered, the child that was beaten was hers… He was her own son. 
The pain was so unbearable that she found herself unable to breathe. Tears blurred her vision and she could not see clearly as she stood there. 
She clenched her fists tightly and had the strongest urge to charge into the ward and strangle Yao Lili to death. 
But at this point, a nurse passed by. When she saw LIshu, she asked, “Madam, what’s the matter?” 
Li Shu snapped out of her daze at the sound of those words. The two people in the ward also suddenly realized there was someone at the door.
###Chapter 1430: He Is My Son… (3) 
Yao Lili reacted first. She froze, exchanged a look with Mo Zhi and then sprang to her feet. 
Madam. Outside the door. 
She thought about the conversation she had just been having with Mo Zhi. 
And that madam standing outside the door could very well be Lishu. 
It was Lishu. 
No! How could it be
She quickly dashed over to the doorway. 
When she turned around, she saw that Mo Zhi’s expression had changed, as though he had suddenly realized something. He got out of bed and walked over to her. 
Yao Lili had a terrified expression on her face. “What do we do?” 
Mo Zhi was bristling with nasty intentions. 
Upon hearing this, a look of determination flashed past her eyes. 
It had been more than twenty years since she had switched the babies. Seeing how things had moved along right up till now, they must not allow things to go awry. 
Hence, Yao Lili nodded. 
The next moment, she threw open the door. 
She dashed out of the ward, fully prepared to drag the woman into the room. 
But… 
All she saw was the back of a junior nurse, who was just walking away. There was no one else around. 
Yao Lili was stunned and called out at once, “Nurse! Hang on.” 
The junior nurse turned around, looking surprised. She walked back slowly and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Yao Lili looked at her and asked, “Was there someone outside the door just now?” 
The junior nurse nodded and answered, “Yes, it was a lady. But she came the wrong way and I asked her to leave. Don’t worry.” 
This was a premium VIP ward and by right, there shouldn’t be any unwarranted people around. 
Hence when the nurse said this, Yao Lili frowned and asked further, “What did that lady look like?” 
The junior nurse paused, tried to recall and then said, “She didn’t look that good.” 
Always cultured and refined, Li Shu had indeed looked malevolent in that instant, it was quite scary. 
But Yao Lili heaved a sigh of relief at that description. 
It wasn’t Li Shu. 
Li Shu was a beautiful lady, and that was the general consensus. 
So if it wasn’t Li Shu, it was really someone else
At this thought, Yao Lili looked straight ahead and turned around to glance at Mo Zhi. She said, “I’ll go over and take a look.” 
Mo Zhi nodded. 
Yao Lili walked in that direction to investigate. 
– 
In the meantime, Li Shu had hurriedly left the ward and, once she was downstairs, she hurriedly walked to the garden. 
She looked nervous and stumbled along unsteadily as she walked ahead. 
Mo Zhi wasn’t her son, Mo Xicheng was her real son. 
These words echoed in her ears, as though an invisible person was nagging at her. She did not know how she should react to this. 
Her own son wasn’t a vile and nasty person. Her son was Mo Xicheng, he was the fine and excellent Mo Xicheng. 
She recalled a time when she had caught Mo Xicheng reading in her study. 
He had panicked, but she had acted as though she hadn’t seen him and had walked out of the room again. 
Later on, when the boy saw that she wouldn’t reprimand him, he became bolder. When she went into the room to read, he would also hide quietly in a spot behind the bookshelf to read. 
It was in these moments that they got along harmoniously. 
Now tears were flowing freely down her cheeks, like the waters of an unleashed dam. 
She couldn’t see where she was going, tripped over a rock and fell forward. 
“Watch out.” A familiar voice suddenly spoke.
###Chapter 1431: He Is My Son (4) 
Following this, a large hand clasped around her arm to steady her. 
Li Shu froze and lifted her head. She saw Mo Xicheng standing in front of her. 
There was a bandage around his head still. 
He stood there now, looking rather pale, but eyeing her with an awkward expression of care and concern. 
She could feel the warmth of his hand around her arm through the thin material of her sleeves, and it felt like the only warmth left in the world. 
Her eyes filled with tears again and her vision blurred once more. 
She tried hard to take a good look at Mo Xicheng, but her vision was blurry. She rubbed her eyes with the back of her hand. 
Then a tissue appeared before her. 
She paused and lifted her head. Mo Xicheng, in his hospital gown, was looking back at her. 
He was thoughtfully holding out a napkin to her. 
Her lips moved but no words came, as though she had lost her voice. 
She quickly lowered her head and calmed herself down. Then she used the tissue to dry her eyes. 
She stared at Mo Xicheng steadily. 
As she did so, Mo Zhi’s words came to her mind. 
Very quickly, her tears flowed again. 
At this point, she heard hasty footsteps behind her and spun around. 
Li Shu froze and straightened her posture. 
Then she heard Yao Lili’s voice, “Why are you two here?” 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes and felt her fingers curl tightly. 
She was shaken out of her emotional state. 
Although she had just overheard that conversation between the woman and Mo Zhi, as yet there was no proof. 
If Yao Lili found out that she had overheard the conversation, then both she and Mo Xicheng would be in danger. 
Because… 
Yao Lili would not let them go easy. Besides, all this time, she had not interfered with the family’s affairs. 
Mo Zhi had also been managing the business and had his own faithful supporters. And he had money. 
To add to this, she couldn’t possibly just take this as the whole truth based on Yao Lili and Mo Zhi’s conversation alone. She could not confront Yao Lili on this matter before she had a strong basis. 
At this thought, Li Shu’s expression calmed down at once. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng and gulped. Then she suddenly spoke up, “I’m just having a few words with Mo Xicheng here. What has it got to do with you?” 
Yao Lili paused and probed, “You were talking? Were you both here together… all this time?” 
Li Shu’s became guarded upon hearing these words. n?eа. o
Li Shu’s back was to Yao Lili and, in that instant, she saw a puzzled expression flashed in Mo Xicheng’s eyes. 
She immediately said, “That’s right, I was talking to Mo Xicheng here all this time. Why?” 
Yao Lili looked at Mo Xicheng disbelievingly and asked to confirm, “You tell me, were you two talking here all this time?” 
Li Shu’s heart sank. 
That was it. Mo Xicheng was still unaware of the situation and he would treat Yao Lili like his mother. And if he told the truth… 
As this thought ran through her mind, she heard Mo Xicheng reply, “That’s right.” 
Li Shu was immediately relieved. 
Yao Lili threw a puzzled look at Mo Xicheng before she said, “Ok.” 
Half-believing and half-doubting, she turned and went away. 
After the woman left, Li Shu looked at Mo Xicheng and started to say something. But she stopped. The man turned towards her and asked, “Do you… have something to tell me?”
###Chapter 1432: He Is My Son (5) 
Do you have something to tell me
When Li Shu heard this question, she suddenly felt the urge to cry. 
She tried to suppress the pain she was feeling in her heart and asked after a moment, “Why did you help me
Mo Xicheng paused, suddenly at a loss for an answer. 
For an odd reason, he thought he saw in Li Shu’s eyes anticipation for his answer. 
He did not understand this anticipation but still he explained, “I think you have your own reasons for lying, so what’s the matter with you? Is there something wrong?” 
Li Shu’s eyes reddened again as she stared at the young man. 
She had always known he was a good man, but now she realized that he really was a very good son. 
He was injured, yet he showed concern for her. . m
Large tear drops formed quickly and rolled down her cheeks. 
Mo Xicheng was even more puzzled now as he pursed his lips and stared at her. Finally, he sighed and said, “Is this because of my mom again?” 
Li Shu froze at once. 
The word “mom” hit her in an odd way. It gave her a strong urge to embrace him and tell him the truth. 
But if she told him, would he believe it
Li Shu clenched her fists tightly. 
She thought of how she had given him the cold shoulder and treated him poorly. She had misunderstood him even though she had occasionally helped him. Suddenly, she felt nauseatingly evil in front of this young man. 
She didn’t deserve to be acknowledged by Mo Xicheng as his mother. 
Seeing that his words were making Li Shu cry so badly, he started to get nervous. 
His normally gloomy expression was now laced with slight panic. “What’s the matter?” 
Li Shu would not say anything, she merely cried. 
At this point, Shi Nianyao ran to them hurriedly and exclaimed, “I just left for the restroom for a bit and told you not to wander. Why did you walk all the way here?” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng looked up and smiled at Shi Nianyao. 
He had only sighted Li Shu as a coincidence and, seeing that she didn’t seem to be in a right state of mind, he had followed her and steadied her when she tripped. 
Shi Nianyao mumbled to herself and then put her hands on his arm to support him. But when she turned and saw the crying Li Shu, she was taken aback. 
She misunderstood the situation and quickly hid behind Mo Xicheng, whispering, “What’s the matter with Auntie Li Shu?” 
Mo Xicheng looked at the woman and frowned, eventually giving a sigh as he said, “I do apologize this time. I can’t let Mo Zhi off.” 
Li Shu was surprised by his words. 
She gave Mo Xicheng a puzzled look and suddenly realized what he meant. He thought that she was there to plead, to ask the Shi family to show mercy towards Mo Zhi. 
Her heart writhed in pain once again. 
This child… this child. 
“But on the other hand,” she thought, “wasn’t that how she used to be?” 
She had even told him once, “If there comes a day that you become a threat to Mo Zhi, don’t blame me for taking drastic actions.” 
How coldly had she said those words. And how cruel they seemed now. 
Suddenly, Li Shu was at a loss for words. 
She saw Mo Xicheng nodding at her as he prepared to walk away with Shi Nianyao’s help. 
Li Shu panicked and called out, “Mo Xicheng.” 
The man halted and turned around. 
Li Shu looked at him and finally said, “Would you… let me have a few strands of your hair?”
###Chapter 1433: He Is My Son (6) 
Mo Xicheng: …?
He was puzzled. But when he saw Li Shu’s expression, he asked no questions. He reached out, plucked two strands of his hair and handed them to Li Shu. 
That he had done this unquestioningly, Li Shu felt all the more conscience-stricken. 
She reached out and took the two strands of hair. Then she looked at him as though she couldn’t bear to leave. 
This was her son. She had watched him grow up, not knowing that he was her son. 
She wished she could stand there looking at him forever, to make up for all those times that she had pretended she didn’t see him. 
Her eyes reddened again, as she said hesitantly, “You’re still recovering from your injuries, you have to rest more. Don’t stay walking around out here, understand?” 
Mo Xicheng was stunned for a moment, but there was a flash of happiness in his eyes as he nodded and said, “You too.” 
Li Shu nodded. 
Even though she was reluctant, she had to leave. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng and Shi Nianyao as the two of them walked away. They were whispering sweet nothings to each other. The heartache she felt was almost unbearable. 
The Mo Xicheng of the past had been such a gloomy person, but now, with Shi Nianyao by his side, he had become much more optimistic and cheerful. 
Shi Nianyao… was a good girl. 
Li Shu looked away and shifted her gaze to the few strands of hair. 
She narrowed her eyes and hurried away. 
When she reached the parking lot, she instructed the chauffeur to drive her to a private investigation lab. She handed Mo Xicheng’s hair, together with her own, to the staff and requested, “I’d like to do a paternity test.” 
The person replied, “Sure.” 
Li Shu asked a little impatiently, “When will the test result be out?” 
The employee said, “Madam, our national DNA test process is complex, so it’s a little slow. We will send your samples overseas to test them, so the shortest possible time for results is a week.” 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes and replied, “Money is not an issue for me, can you get it done faster?” 
Immediately, the employee became more prudent and said, “Ok, we will try our best. At best, we’ll take three days.” 
Li Shu nodded and said, “I want to see the test results in three days.” 
– 
By the time Li Shu got back to the Mo family home, Mo Hai had already been waiting for her for some time. 
Looking dejected as she entered the house, Mo Hai enthusiastically welcomed her home. 
The dining room was filled with the familiar aroma of home-cooked food. 
Li Shu paused and looked at the laid out dining table. 
There were three homemade stir-fried dishes and, although all the dishes were vegetarian, it was more than adequate. 
These were… Mo Hai’s signature dishes. 
Li Shu was taken by surprise. Suddenly, her mind went back to around twenty years ago, when Mo Hai had pursued her… 
At the time, Li Shu was an aloof person who did not like the businessman aura that Mo Hai had about him. Hence when Mo Hai began his great pursuit of this woman, she kept rejecting him. 
The man kept asking her, “Li Shu, what do you find undesirable about me? Just let me know and I will make changes.” 
Harassed to the point that she felt cornered, she could only say, “You can’t cook.” 
Mo Hai: … 
He was stumped at that point. Eventually when he saw that Li Shu was giving him the cold shoulder, he rubbed his nose in an embarrassed manner and said, “Ok.” 
Mo Hai disappeared the following three days. 
Li Shu thought that, finally, she could have some peace. 
But unexpectedly, three days later, Mo Hai appeared before her with an insulated lunch. Handing it to her, he said, “I’ve learnt to make these three fine gourmet dishes. I’ve brought them for you to have a taste. They are some of your favorite meals.”
###Chapter 1434: He Is My Son (7) 
It would have been a lie to say that Li Shu hadn’t been moved at that time. 
He was the young master of a wealthy family who had never stepped into a kitchen all his life, but he had gone all the way out to do this for her. 
Now as Li Shu stared at the food on the dining table, her heart melted. 
It was her stubbornness, the conflict because of that affair years ago, and her continuous attempts to escape the reality of her life, that had resulted in the issues they were facing today, to the extent that they could fooled about their own child. 
If she had forgiven Mo Hai at the time, would Mo Zhi have turned out to be like this today? She couldn’t venture a guess. She had spent so little time at home and hadn’t cared much about Mo Xicheng. 
It seemed like everything boiled down to her. 
Her eyes reddened again. 
When Mo Hai noticed this, he got anxious and asked, “Li Shu, are you ok?” 
She bit her lip and nodded. 
She walked to the dining table and sat down slowly. 
Mo Hai was elated to see her responding like that. 
For many years, Li Shu had refused to share a dining table with him. 
Now that she was sitting opposite him, did it mean that he had managed to reach her heart
He rubbed his hands together, walked over nervously and took the seat opposite hers. He picked up some food to fill her bowl and said, “Here, try this.” 
Li Shu lowered her head and took a bite. 
Because she was feeling too moody, she could not eat more after a few bites. She placed her chopsticks down on the table and lifted her head. She noticed Mo Hai’s nervous and worried expression as he looked at her intently. 
Her heart softened at once. 
She looked at Mo Hai and sighed softly after a short while. Then she continued, “Mo Hai, it’s been so many years, I want to hear the truth from you.” 
Like a child who had done something wrong, Mo Hai nodded. He most willingly provided the avenue for her to express her feelings and said, “Ask me anything I’ll answer any questions you ask. I’ll tell you everything.” 
Li Shu’s eyes teared up at these words. She started, “At the time, did you have feelings for Yao Lili?” 
Mo Hai immediately shook his head and replied, “No, I really did not. I was drunk and someone pushed her on me. And because she bore a slight resemblance to you, I- I couldn’t control myself. I didn’t expect that she’d get pregnant from that one night. And on top of that, she didn’t tell me she was pregnant. Eventually she just came to you with that big belly. Li Shu, I swear, I know that before I turned twenty, I was a casanova and it saddened you. But ever since I made that promise to spend the rest of my life with you, and right up till now, only you were in my heart.” 
After hearing him explain this anxiously, she suddenly felt relieved. 
Many years had passed since the incident and really, why should she still take that to heart
She lowered her head and felt the urge to tell Mo Hai something. But then she thought again that she should just wait three more days. 
Three days later, if the test results were as she thought, then she would let Mo Hai know. 
In the absence of proof right now, given his personality, it may alert Yao Lili and Mo Zhi if she told him. 
She lowered her head at the thought of this and swallowed her words. 
Time flew by. 
Three days passed quickly. n?.＆nbsp;
Early that morning, Li Shu went to the private investigation lab and got the test results. 
The moment she opened the report and read it, she started to tear up.
###Chapter 1435: He Is My Son (8) 
It was clearly indicated in the report that she and Mo Xicheng were biologically mother and son. 
Biologically mother and son. 
She clenched her fists tightly. She couldn’t wait to go to the hospital with those results. 
All she wanted right now was to embrace Mo Xicheng and tell him that she was his mother. 
Without a second thought, she quickly got into her car and drove to the hospital. 
After she parked in the parking lot, she went to his ward. 
However, when she arrived at Mo Xicheng’s ward, she found that the man was gone. 
The nurse explained, “Mr. Mo is not the usual patient after all. The doctor felt that even if he stayed, it would just be for doing checkups, so he might as well rest at home. He just needs to come here to get tested. For this reason, Mr. Mo has been discharged.” 
Li Shu paused with surprise and quickly said, “You just let him go because he wanted to? This is really irresponsible of the hospital. Aren’t his injuries very serious?” 
The nurse nodded, somewhat embarrassed. “But if he insists on being discharged, we can’t stop him.” 
Li Shu took in a deep breath and nodded. 
She lowered her head and looked at the thermos. 
Inside was some chicken soup that she had taken the pains to boil for a few hours. She had prepared it for Mo Xicheng. 
But now… 
She sighed. Just as she was about to leave, she suddenly halted and turned back to look at the nurse, asking, “What about Mo Zhi?” 
The nurse informed, “Mr. Mo Zhi is still in the hospital.” 
The woman nodded and slowly walked to Mo Zhi’s ward with the food container. 
Although Mo Zhi wasn’t her real son, she had raised him for many years. 
Even though she knew she hadn’t been a good mother, she would always think of Mo Zhi when she wasn’t home, wondering how he was doing. 
Besides, ever since she had found out about Mo Zhi and Yao Lili’s relationship, she had started to feel an internal conflict. 
Her feelings towards Mo Zhi now were complex and slightly troubled. In that instant, she couldn’t help herself from walking towards his ward. 
She took a few more steps and found herself outside Mo Zhi’s ward. Through the small glass pane, she could see Yao Lili in the room taking care of Mo Zhi. 
Li Shu froze and, in a flash, hid herself behind the room door. She pressed an ear up against the door, trying to hear the conversation inside. 
The swellings on Mo Zhi’s body had subsided by now. 
He was sitting with one leg crossed over the other, eating fruits. As he ate, he spoke to Yao Lili, “Mom, look, that old woman Li Shu hasn’t come to visit me for a few days. Is she angry for real? Or does she suspect something?” 
Yao Lili replied as she peeled an apple for him, “It’s probably not that she knows something, but rather that she’s just being angry at you. Let me tell you one thing. Li Shu has a strong personality and values justice. She acts really prim and proper so she likely doesn’t agree with our way of doing things. But so what? Ha, she still got played by us.” 
Mo Zhi twitched his mouth upon hearing this. “Why do I get the feeling that she’s not the one being played out by us, but the other way round? If it weren’t for her, how would Mo Xicheng have ended up with 20 percent of the company shares? Mo Hai holds 40 percent and I hold the other 40 percent. He even made Mo Xicheng the CEO. No matter which way I look at it, it looks like he’s taking what belongs to me.”
###Chapter 1436: He Is My Son (9) 
Li Shu immediately squinted when she heard this. 
Yao Lili continued, “Ok, don’t overthink it. I’m telling you Mo Xicheng will not take away what belongs to you. I’ll think of a way to get back your 20 percent of the shares.” 
Mo Zhi instantly perked up and asked, “How will you do that?” 
Yao Lili smirked and said, “I’m his mother. If I asked him to return the shares to you, would he dare disobey?” 
Mo Zhi laughed icily and said, “If he were so obedient with you, he would not have accepted the shares.” 
Yao Lili was stumped for a moment before she reassured him, “Don’t worry, Mo Zhi, mom will settle this matter for you. Our country values filial piety. If he doesn’t return it to you, I’ll create a big scene, and we’ll see if he gives in then.” 
Mo Zhi prodded her further. “And if he doesn’t?” 
Yao Lili thought for a moment and replied, “I’ve got it all planned. If he really doesn’t return it and it reaches a point of no return, I’ll go to the press and tell them how he took them from you and that will ruin his reputation. Isn’t he trying to grow his career in the entertainment industry? So reputation is important to him. As his mother, if I sully his reputation… Ha, how many celebrities were doomed because of a bad reputation?” ?ned. co
Mo Zhi’s eyes lit up when he heard this and exclaimed, “This is a great idea! Since he took my shares. He wishes to be Best Actor? Well, I won’t let him get his way! That’s what we’ll do.” 
Yao Lili glanced at him and said, “It’s easy for you to give things a little push within the entertainment circle. The plan I mentioned is a last resort, we shouldn’t go that way as much as we can help it. You have to know that it’s a path of no return.” 
Mo Zhi twitched his mouth and nodded. At the same time, he gave her a piercing look and said, “Mom, after so many years in the business, I’ve got a decent group of people that support me.” 
Yao Lili was delighted to hear this and asked at once, “Really?” 
Mo Zhi nodded but did not elaborate. 
Listening to this just outside the door, Li Shu’s expression darkened with anger. 
She had not expected that Yao Lili would treat her son like that. 
Indeed, Mo Xicheng would be doomed if she ruined his reputation. 
She must not let Yao Lili do this. 
At this thought, Li Shu quietly stepped back from the door. 
She walked away from the ward and went to the parking lot. At once she picked up her cell phone. Without thinking twice, she called Mo Xicheng. 
The phone rang a few times before it was picked up. 
“Hello.” Mo Xicheng’s voice came from the other end of the line. 
Upon hearing his deep and low voice, Li Shu had the urge to cry again. 
She choked back for a while and couldn’t help herself from saying, “Why did you ask to get discharged? Your injuries are still healing, how are you feeling?” 
Mo Xicheng was slightly taken aback, mostly because he had not expected her to be so concerned about him all of a sudden. 
Hence, he paused for five seconds before he said, “I’m fine.” 
At once, there was a silence on the line. 
Li Shu was not sure how to break the truth to him. 
And Mo Xicheng waited quietly for her to speak. 
After a while, Li Shu finally said, “Where are you now? I’ll come by to look for you.” 
“Is there any problem?” 
“Yes, there is something I need to tell you in person.”
###Chapter 1437 i?d. o
Chapter 1437: He Is My Son (10) 
Mo Xicheng was surprised. After a moment, he told her his address and said, “Come over then.” 
After hanging up, Li Shu drove towards Mo Xicheng’s home. 
It was rush hour in Beijing and the roads were terribly jammed. 
There seemed to have been an accident ahead and the traffic was not moving at all. 
In her boredom, Li Shu turned to look around and suddenly spotted a mother and child on the sidewalk. 
The boy was throwing a tantrum, asking to buy a toy, and the mother wouldn’t agree. 
In the argument, the boy sat down on the ground kicking and shouting at his mother. “Mom, I don’t love you anymore! I hate you the most, Mom!” 
When Li Shu saw this, she was stunned. 
As she stared at the crying boy, she suddenly remembered the young Mo Xicheng. 
She thought about how, time and again, she had told Mo Xicheng to let Mo Zhi have everything. She had often told the boy that he did not belong to the Mo family, and that the Mo family belonged to Mo Zhi. 
Hence, there had always been a distance between Mo Xicheng and her. 
She was sure that Mo Xicheng detested her. 
Given how much he would have hated her, like this boy on the sidewalk, would Mo Xicheng want to acknowledge her as his mother, even if she approached Mo Xicheng with the DNA test
Li Shu hesitated. 
As she sat there in a daze, the car behind hers honked. In a flash, she snapped back to the present and realized that the car in front of hers had moved away and she was still in the middle of the road. 
She quickly moved the car forward. 
But at the same time, a sense of fear took root somewhere deep in her heart. 
She suddenly felt homesick. 
If Mo Xicheng would not acknowledge her, what would she do then
And if Mo Xicheng hated her, what would she do
She thought about all the things she had done in the past and felt guilt-stricken. How was she going to even face the man
At this thought, she suddenly felt a gloom wash over her. 
Tensing her chin, she fixed her gaze on the road ahead. 
After a moment, she took a deep breath and took a turn. 
She stopped, sitting in the driver seat. Staring straight ahead, she looked terribly lost and wasn’t sure what to do next. 
At this point, her cell phone rang. 
She glanced at the screen. It was her sister Li Hua. 
Li Shu paused for a moment before she picked up the line. She heard Li Hua’s voice, “Where are you? Do you want to go for a facial treatment?” 
Feeling troubled and restless, Li Shu agreed and said, “Ok.” 
She hung up, started the car and drove to the beauty salon where Li Hua was. 
Li Hua was three years older than Li Sho and was a soft-spoken woman. She understood what life had been like for her younger sister all these years. She had always advised her sister to accept the situation and move on, but Li Shu would not heed her advice. 
When she spotted Li Shu, she approached the woman and was about to speak when Li Shu suddenly said, “Sis, life has played such a big joke on me.” 
Li Hua paused and asked, “What happened?” 
Li Shu spoke slowly, “Mo Xicheng is my real son, Mo Zhi is Yao Lili’s son.” 
Li Hua was immediately stunned upon hearing this. 
She gave Li Shu a look of disbelief and asked, “What did you say?” 
Li Shu sighed deeply before repeating, “I said, Mo Xicheng is my real son. This is the DNA test.” 
Having said this, she held the report out to Li Hua.
###Chapter 1438: He Is My Son (11) 
When Li Hua saw the test results, she was stunned. She gulped and looked at Li Shu in disbelief, saying, “What- what happened? Was it an accident?” 
But even she felt it sounded like a ridiculous explanation after saying it out loud. 
“How would that be possible? There was once an incident where a couple took the wrong child, so the hospital started to use irremovable tags on the babies the minute they are born. And these tags are removed only when the mother and child are discharged, so they can’t make such a blunder.” 
Dejected, Li Shu sat on the sofa and told her sister the truth. 
As Li Hua listened to the story, her expression darkened. Bam! She eventually slammed the table and said, “Yao Lili has overstepped the line!” 
She pointed at Li Shu and berated the woman, “I’ve always told you to keep her in check but you would say things like ‘it wasn’t a one person’s mistake,”they were both at fault,”why make things difficult for another woman?’ But now, see what a monster she has turned out to be! No, that’s a complete insult to monsters. She’s worse than a monster! They were just babies, how could she do that?” 
Then, as though she had suddenly thought of something, she sat up straight. 
Li Hua frowned and said, “Eh, there was something that I’d never really understood but now I finally do. You didn’t know that because I’ve never told you.” 
Li Shu paused and asked, “What’s that?” 
Li Hua continued, “Weren’t you always away from home traveling when Mo Zhi was little? So I’d drop by to see him sometimes. Once when I was there, I saw Yao Lili. Since I was angry with her, I wanted to teach her a lesson, but guess what I saw?” 
Li Shu was curious. “What?” in. 
“I heard her scolding Mo Xicheng. She was rebuking him, calling him a bastard and a cheap person. She was even hitting him with a ruler. At the time, Mo Xicheng was only two years old. I didn’t understand why she was calling her own son a bastard. Now I finally understand.” 
Li Shu turned pale at what she heard. 
Looking at her sister, Li Hua hesitated and continued, “And the year Mo Zhi turned one, I went to visit him one time. I saw that Mo Xicheng had not started walking at that time. Yao Lili had left him in the courtyard. It was a hot day and he was crawling. His body was wet with sweat and there were heat rashes all over his arms. But I think he was hungry so he was crying, calling out for milk. Eventually, Yao Lili came out and slapped him a few times. She pushed a bottle of milk towards him in the end. But that milk, the moment Mo Xicheng took a sip, he spat it out and said it was hot. Yao Lili gave him a few more slaps and forced it down his throat. He was crying as he drank. Seriously, I couldn’t even stand watching it, but thinking she was a mistress, I minded my own business. Li Shu… stop- stop crying” 
How could she not cry
She had never known that her own son had lived such a pitiful life from such a young age. 
She sprang onto her feet. 
Li Hua was taken aback and asked, “What are you going to do?” 
Li Shu had a determined expression on her face as she stared straight ahead. “Sis, in the past I used to think that affairs like these weren’t entirely the mistress’ fault. I didn’t want to accuse her.” 
“And now?” Li Hua asked. 
Li Shu’s eyes burned with fury as she stared straight ahead. “Now, whatever pain she has caused Mo Xicheng, I will repay her ten times over.”
###Chapter 1439: He is My Son (12) 
Hearing her words, Li Hua was also furious. “Yes, this woman, how dare she treat my nephew like this? Poor Mo Xicheng. He was treated as the illegitimate child since young and when he grew up, he always stayed in the shadows. It’s really so pitiful! And that Yao Lili is the most detestable, she seriously went overboard.” 
Li Shu’s eyes were red as she clenched her fist tightly. 
These were just the things that they had usually seen, and Mo Xicheng’s life was already so pitiful. There were still things that they had not completely seen. 
Ever since young, her son had grown up in such an environment. 
Li Shu furrowed her brows and said, “I want her to pay.” 
Li Hua was stunned as she replied, “Li Shu, what are you planning to do? I’m warning you, no matter what you do, you’re not allowed to do anything illegal. I won’t allow you to cause trouble! Now the most important thing is to return Mo Xicheng everything that was originally his.” 
Li Shu nodded. “I know. But there’s something you don’t know. Mo Hai transferred 30 percent of the company’s share to Mo Zhi.” 
Li Hua was surprised. “What? How is that possible?” 
Mo Zhi was still so young. Mo Hai must have been mad to transfer the shares to him. 
Li Shu bit her lip as she replied, “The year Mo Zhi turned 25, Mo Hai gave him the shares in front of me and he promised to give him all the shares of the company when he turned 30. He did that to set my mind at ease and to make me happy.” ?a. 
Mo Hai had indeed been very good to her. The colder she was to him, the more he tried to appease her. 
For the sake of changing her mind, he had done a lot of things. 
He knew that she minded Yao Lili and didn’t like Mo Xicheng. Thus, he chased both of them away and, ever since Mo Xicheng had started earning money on his own, he had never given Mo Xicheng a single cent. 
Li Shu took a deep breath and said, “Sister, I have decided it. I know that I’m indebted to Mo Xicheng and he might not forgive me in his whole life, but I must give him everything that belongs to him, not a cent less.” 
Li Hua frowned and asked, “So?” 
Li Shu looked ahead and replied, “So we have to keep this secret now.” 
Li Hua was shocked. “What?” 
Li Shu clenched her jaw and said, “If I make this public, Mo Zhi could totally leave with 30 percent of the company’s shares, but I don’t want to give him even a single cent. I need to come up with a way for him to return the shares that he has. Also…” 
Li Hua asked, “Also what?” 
Li Shu sighed. “In order to prevent the company shareholders from thinking that Mo Xicheng had the right to inherit the company, I once sent people into the company to spread rumors that Mo Xicheng had grown up in a worse environment than Mo Zhi, and that his performance would obviously be worser that Mo Zhi’s. I even spread that his birth, qualifications, and performance in school were bad. Do you know? This child was able to control his scores to achieve exactly 60/100. You know that it isn’t hard to get high marks, but the difficult part was to achieve exactly 60 for all his subjects. This aside, everyone in the company now thinks that Mo Xicheng is a bumpkin and, even if I reveal his identity now and he takes over and leads the company, no one would be willing to obey him. There may be even people under Mo Zhi who would cause trouble. So I want Mo Xicheng to have a stable position in the company before revealing the truth.”
###Chapter 1440: He is My Son (13) 
After Li Hua heard that, she nodded and said, “Ok, if you need my help, feel free to ask. But for now, what about you and Mo Xicheng? Are you going to be open with him? And for Mo Hai, are you going to tell him the truth?” 
Li Shu lowered her eyes. “As for Mo Xicheng, I don’t know how to tell him. Sister, did you know? Maybe it was because we are related by blood, but I have watched him grow up and, although I thought that he was Yao Lili’s son, I just never could hate him. Although I did say unkind words sometimes, never would I have thought that this kid was actually mine. I have witnessed his abilities and watched him grow. Now I’m really happy that my son is so capable, but I really don’t know how to tell him about it.” 
Li Hua sighed and said, “I understand you. You have been suppressing him since young, and you made him give in to Mo Zhi. But Li Shu, it’s not too late to salvage the situation.” 
Lishu nodded. 
Li Hua spoke again, “Then do you want to drink now?” 
“No, thanks.” Li Shu just stood up and walked out. “I came here just to chat with you and now that I feel better after talking to you, I want to go take a look at Mo Xicheng. I wonder if he’s getting better.” 
Li Hua nodded and replied. “Ok then, you should go ahead. You should talk to that kid properly. I believe that he is a sensible kid, he will definitely understand and empathize with you.” 
Lishu lowered her eyes and nodded. “I hope so too.” 
– 
Ever since Li Shu had called saying that she wanted to visit Mo Xicheng, Mo Xicheng had been waiting at home. However, after two hours, Li Shu hadn’t arrived. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help lowering his head and looking at his phone. Just at that moment, the doorbell rang. 
He stood up, walked up to the door and opened the door personally. 
He had originally thought that the person standing outside would be Li Shu, but little did he know that a small and active figure would suddenly rush in. 
“Mo Xicheng, how are you feeling today?” 
Mo Xicheng was slightly stunned. He then realized that the person in front of him was Shi Nianyao. 
He raised his brow and spoke, “So it’s you!” 
Shi Nianyao immediately stood still on the spot and looked at him. “Who did you think it was then? Do you not welcome me?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng laughed resignedly and then closed the door. He saw Shi Nianyao take out many lunch boxes from the bag in her hand. She opened them one by one and placed them on the table as she said, “You need to heal up faster by drinking more pig trotter’s soup. It’s good to heal blood loss.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng laughed and touched Shi Nianyao’s head before sitting down at the dinner table. 
When they finished the food, the doorbell rang again. 
Shi Nianyao hurriedly jumped up and said, “I want to go and see who the person you’re waiting for. Hmpf, if it’s a woman, I might not forgive you!” 
She ran over and after she opened the door, she saw Li Shu. 
Shi Nianyao was stunned and asked, “Aunt Li Shu? What brings you here?” 
Li Shu lifted the thermos in her hands and said, “There’s chicken soup inside, I brought it for Mo Xicheng.” 
Her sentence stunned Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng. 
Shi Nianyao made way for Lishu and she entered the house. She placed the soup on the coffee table and her gaze landed on Mo Xicheng’s forehead. 
At that instant, all three of them stood there in silence. No one spoke and the room was in an awkward silence.
###Chapter 1441: He is My Son (14) 
After a while, Shi Nianyao was the one who broke the silence. “Aunt Li Shu, may I know what you came for?” 
Li Shu stood on the spot, only recovering after hearing her words. 
She stared at Mo Xicheng calmly. As she looked at this large and tall man, she suddenly saw instances of him at different ages. The time he was born and had a small carrot head, the time he entered junior high school and went through a depression, the time he got rebellious in senior high school… And then, the time he actually graduated with a really high degree, but had ended up being an actor. 
Li Shu puckered her lips and saw Mo Xicheng staring at her in confusion. She then spoke, “You- Do you have something to tell me?” 
When Li Shu heard this, her eyes immediately sparkled. She looked at Mo Xicheng and then said, “Do- do you blame me?” 
Blame her
Mo Xicheng didn’t understand her words, so he continued staring at her for a long time. 
She had called him so formally and then had suddenly come over. And it had just been to say this
Although he didn’t understand why, when Mo Xicheng looked at Li Shu like that, he felt that he could see the depths of her heart through her eyes. 
He suddenly shook his head and replied, “I don’t blame you.” 
Li Shu’s eyes lit up as she asked, “Really?” 
Mo Xicheng laughed. “Yes.” 
Li Shu bit her lips and stared at him with all her might. She tried to tell if he was telling the truth from his expressions. 
Then, her heart was instantly reassured. 
He didn’t blame her. 
That sentence felt like the most wonderful one in the world. 
Li Shu’s eyes slightly reddened. She instantly lowered her head and placed the chicken soup in her hands on the table. “I- I have a lot to say to you today.” 
After she said that, she heard Shi Nianyao speak, “You can talk. I’ll go upstairs to play on my computer for a while.” 
Just as she was about to go upstairs, Li Shu stopped her and said, “You don’t have to go.” 
Shi Nianyao stopped in her tracks and turned back to look at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng pointed at the sofa and said, “Ok, let’s sit down first.” 
Li Shu nodded. She wanted to ask Mo Xicheng to drink the soup, but she suddenly saw the half-eaten food on the table. Thus, she decided not to ask him to drink soup and the three of them sat on the sofa. 
Li Shu first looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Nianyao said that you got your marriage certificate. Is this true?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and said, “Yes, it’s true.” 
Li Shu lowered her lids and asked, “Does the Shi family know?” 
Mo Xicheng shook his head and said, “We haven’t told them yet.” 
Li Shu was stunned. “Why?” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and kept quiet. 
But the meaning in his words was really obvious. 
It was because Yao Lili didn’t agree and the Mo family didn’t agree. How could they get together
Li Shu furrowed her brows and said, “You’re from the Mo family. What do you think if I go and propose your marriage to Si Jingyu for you?” 
Mo Xicheng was stunned. “You?” 
Li Shu had all along been an honest and upright person. Ever since he had decided to date Shi Nianyao, she had been the only person who hadn’t disagreed. 
The only request she had voiced out was that she hoped Mo Xicheng wouldn’t fight with Mo Zhi for the assets of the Mo family. 
But Mo Xicheng would have never thought that Li Shu would be willing to help him propose his marriage to the Shi family. Wasn’t that something his parents should do
He turned his head and glanced at Shi Nianyao. He saw surprise in the eyes of Shi Nianyao. 
Then, Mo Xicheng shook his head. “It is alright. Thank you very much, but I can settle this issue myself. Do you have anything else to say?”
###Chapter 1442: He is My Son (15) 
Li Shu felt a surge of sourness as she saw how courteous and cautious Mo Xicheng was. “Mo Xicheng, I sincerely want to help you, I—” 
Mo Xicheng shook his head and said, “It’s really ok. If you go and propose the marriage, Mo Zhi would resent you more.” 
Li Shu suddenly understood why. 
It turned out that the reason Mo Xicheng didn’t want her help was not that he didn’t trust her. It was because he was worried Mo Zhi would be angry with her. 
It was true, though. Ever since she had asked Mo Hai to give some of the company shares to Mo Xicheng, Mo Zhi hadn’t been happy with her. Even though she had then done it for Mo Zhi’s sake, Mo Zhi wasn’t able to understand her. 
Compared to the man in front of her, he had always seen through and understood everything. 
Li Shu took in a deep breath and said, “Actually, my reason for coming today is because I have something to tell you.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and said, “Please speak.” 
Li Shu lowered her head and said, “Do you remember that I asked you for two strands of your hair that day?” 
Mo Xicheng was slightly confused, but he nodded his. “Yes.” 
“Mo Xicheng, do you know? I’m the one that is your—” 
Before she could finish saying “mother,” the doorbell rang again. It cut off Li Shu’s words immediately. 
Both Mo Xicheng and her turned their heads and they heard the sound of the door opening. Then they saw Yao Lili walk in. 
When she walked in, she frowned as she said, “Mo Xicheng, where are you?” 
Her voice carried thick disgust and arrogance. However, the moment she walked in and saw the three people who were sitting in the living room, she was instantly stunned. Her gaze landed on Li Shu and she asked, “Why are you here?” 
Li Shu hid her agitated expressions instantly and directly stood up to stare at Yao Lili. 
Ever since she had heard from Li Hua about how Yao Lili had bullied Mo Xicheng, who had only been one year old, she had so much resentment against Yao Lili. Thus after hearing Yao Lili’s question, she immediately spoke with unfriendliness. “You were already in the hospital to visit my son, why can’t I be here?” 
Her reply directly put Yao Lili at a loss for words. 
She stared at Li Shu, opened her mouth and slowly said, “Why are you here?” ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
Li Shu lowered her eyelids and retorted, “Do I have to report to you where I go?” 
Yao Lili was instantly shocked, she remained silent. 
She stared at Li Shu in disbelief. She was usually someone who was peaceful and didn’t look for trouble, but why was she so fierce suddenly
Just as Yao Lili was deep in thought, she heard Li Shu speak, “What did you come here for?” 
Yao Lili had come, of course, for the sake of the Mo family’s shares. There was a share transfer contract in her bag. She wanted to force Mo Xicheng to transfer all the shares in his hands to Mo Zhi. 
After she heard Li Shu’s question, she hurriedly lowered her head and took out the contract from her bag. Then she pitifully spoked to Li Shu, “Madan, I know that I was the one who did you wrong. Mo Xicheng also did Mo Zhi wrong. We cannot accept the shares of the Mo family. I’ll make Mo Xicheng transfer all the shares under his name to Mo Zhi.” 
After she said so, she took out the contract and passed it to Mo Xicheng. “Sign it now! Mo Xicheng, do you have a conscience? You know that the Mo family has been very nice to ask. I have no ability and don’t know how to earn money. All the money I used to raise you was from the Mo Family. How can you have the heart to attack Mo Zhi now? You cannot be an ungrateful person!”
###Chapter 1443: He is My Son (16) 
After saying that, she walked in front of Madam Mo and passed him a pen. She pointed at Li Shu and said, “Do you know? I have been indebted to Madam for my whole life. She’s a good woman. She has always been really good to you. She’s already really kind and benevolent for not kicking us out. I’ve always felt indebted to her, so how can we betray her and let her down?” 
“You cannot take a single cent from the Mo family.” 
After saying her resolute words, she looked at Mo Xicheng. 
She knew that Mo Xicheng had a special gratitude to Li Shu. Now that she was saying this to him in front of Li Shu, there was a high possibility that Mo Xicheng would not reject her. d. o
Indeed, Mo Xicheng frowned. 
Ever since the incident with Mo Zhi, Mo Xicheng’s heart had been significantly stronger and determined. He had refused to pick up Yao Lili’s call and thus, her efforts of trying to convince him had never succeeded. 
That moment was her only chance. 
Yao Lili wanted to put in more effort to convince him, however, when she was about to speak, Li Shu suddenly spoke, “I know that you have always felt indebted to me. You have always stooped down in my presence.” 
Her words stunned Yao Lili. Yao Lili turned her head to look at her with confusion. 
Li Shu’s words were extremely complex. It was as if she had spilled a bottle of seasoning. She stared at Yao Lili and wanted badly to tear her fake mask off. 
Her stare instantly made Yao Lili really happy. She thought that for once, Li Shu was going to work with her. That she was also going to make a lot of effort for Mo Zhi’s sake. 
Hence, Yao Lili immediately lowered her head and her eyes reddened as she acted. “Yes, Madam, I have done you wrong. I know that it has all been my fault. I shouldn’t have given birth to Mo Xicheng then. If I hadn’t, you’d be leading such a blissful life with Mo Hai. I’m in the wrong. If I could return to the past, I would definitely not repeat the same mistake.” 
After she said so, she lowered her head and covered her face as she continued, “So, Mo Xicheng, you have also done Mo Zhi wrong. Your birth has negatively affected Mo Zhi’s life. The more we shouldn’t be taking the Mo family’s shares, you—” 
Before she could finish speaking, she heard Li Shu speak again, “Do you really want me to forgive you?” 
After hearing her words, Yao Lili choked again. She lifted her head up with confusion. However, after seeing the red and swollen eyes of Li Shu, she stammered, “I- I- Yes, Madam, can you forgive me? Is it that you will forgive me if Mo Xicheng signs the contract?” 
Li Shu tightened her chin and stared at Yao Lili. “Do you really really want me to forgive you so badly?” 
Yao Lili nodded. “Yes, I have always felt guilty these years. I’ve always felt sorry for you, but I really love Mo Hai. As long as you’re willing to forgive me, I will do anything for you! I—” 
“Ok.” 
Li Shu directly interrupted her words, walked to the side and took out the thermos she had brought. 
She opened the thermos. 
Everyone’s gazes landed on her. They all stared at her, with completely no idea what she was doing. 
They saw her open thermos and steaming hot vapor instantly floated out of it. 
She poured the chicken soup into a bowl and then pointed at the bowl as she said, “If you can finish this bowl of chicken soup, I will forgive you.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Yao Lili: …!!
Yao Lili stared at her in disbelief, confused by her words.
###Chapter 1444: He Is My Son (17) 
The three people in the room stared at Li Shu, shocked at how things had changed so quickly. 
Shi Nianyao stood by the side, her gaze shifting from one person to another. 
Suddenly, she saw the light. 
Li Shu was out to please her idol so that the Shi family would let Mo Zhi off easy. But her idol wasn’t giving her the opportunity. So was now this her way of placating him
Otherwise, why would she forgive the woman who stole her husband on the condition that she drank chicken soup
This excuse was too obvious. 
On the other end, Yao Lili also felt that the situation had turned around too quickly. 
But she was a smart woman. After some thinking, she believed she had it figured out. 
Li Shu probably hoped that Mo Xicheng would help cover up what Mo Zhi had done to Shi Nianyao. That had to be why she was giving her leeway. 
What a useless woman! 
She didn’t know how else to defend her child, so trying to placate others was the only thing she could do to try to save her son. 
Mo Zhi hadn’t even succeeded in taking advantage of Shi Nianyao, like he wanted to, had he
And Shi Nianyao had gotten away unscathed, hadn’t she
All Li Shu needed to do was get down on her knees and plead with Si Jingyu, cry a few times. Yao Lili didn’t believe for a moment that the Shi family would really be ruthless towards Mo Zhi in that case. 
This woman was simply infuriating. 
But Li Shu had said that she was going to forgive her
If Li Shu forgave her, wouldn’t that mean that she could then openly be acknowledged
As she contemplated this, Li Shu continued, “I know your affections towards Mo Hai are sincere. It’s been so many years and I haven’t been able to let him go. But we are old. Now the three of us are middle-aged and don’t have a lot of time left. Thinking about it, didn’t men in the old days have many wives and concubines too? Drink the soup and I will forgive you. Also, I will let you move into the Mo family home. How about that?” 
Yao Lili’s eyes lit up at once when she heard those words. . m
Move into the Mo family home openly and in broad daylight! 
The fact was that when Mo Xicheng had been a child, they had been given a small room attached to the Mo family home. 
At that time, she had yearned longingly for all the luxury that decked the Mo family home. 
The western-style interior, the huge crystal chandelier in the living room, there was nothing in the house that didn’t attract her. 
At that time, she had fantasized that one day, she would be able to live in that house as the wife of that household. 
Even though later on Mo Xicheng had made enough money to move them into a little villa that he had bought… 
Compared to the Mo family home, the difference was still too great. 
She could never forget the glittering lights of that crystal chandelier at night. It made the house look as though it was daytime. 
She could also not forget that moment she had heard the housekeepers in the Mo family home greet Madam Li Shu so respectfully. 
This was why she had worked so hard to position Mo Zhi as the head of the Mo family. Because once Mo Zhi became the head of this household, wouldn’t she, Yao Lili, automatically become the lady of the household
What Li Shu was saying now was that, if she drank this bowl of chicken soup, then she would be able to move into the house of her dreams
She widened her eyes. Had she made this promise because of the compromise that she was hoping to reach with Mo Xicheng
Her gaze fell on the bowl of chicken soup. 
Without thinking twice, she walked over and picked up the bowl. Raising it to her mouth, she tilted her head back and drank a sip. 
The boiling hot chicken soup had been poured into a high quality thermos when it had been fresh off the stove. Even though a few hours had passed, it was still scalding hot, especially with that layer of oil floating above the light stock.
###Chapter 1445: He Is My Son (18) 
If that soup had been for Mo Xicheng, Li Shu would have removed the layer of oil that was floating on top. But because it was for Yao Lili, she had poured it into the bowl with the rest of the soup. 
With the oil covering it, no steam wasn’t coming out of it, hence the soup looked like it had adequately cooled down. 
Because Yao Lili’s mind was on other things, she did not think too much before she downed the liquid in a single gulp. 
The next moment… 
Her pupils widened and she opened her mouth to spit the soup out. Li Shu spoke in a gentle voice, “What’s wrong? Is the soup not to your taste?” 
Yao Lili: …!! 
She stared at Li Shu, suddenly not understanding what the woman meant. 
But spitting the chicken soup out didn’t seem like the right thing to do. 
She steeled herself and swallowed the scalding soup, feeling the liquid burn her throat. Then she spoke, “No, it was just a little hot.” 
“Hot?” Li Shu laughed. “Why didn’t I find it hot? Or is that an excuse and you actually don’t want to drink it?” 
Yao Lili was stumped by Li Shu’s remark. 
Shi Nianyao was completely baffled as she looked at Li Shu. 
No one could have known the soup was hot, but just by Yao Lili’s reaction, one could tell it was certainly not cold soup. If Li Shu had wanted to placate Yao Lili and was here to please her idol, she would have never made things difficult for the other woman. But right now, it appeared that Li Shu was doing exactly that. 
So what exactly was Li Shu driving at
As this thought came to her mind, she watched Li Shu cast her gaze down and say impassively, “Drink this soup and I will allow you to move into the Mo family home. I mean what I say.” 
Tempted yet again, Yao Lili couldn’t stop herself from lowering her head and looking at the chicken soup. Finally, she gritted her teeth, picked up the bowl and drank it. 
The heat of the soup traveled down her gut, making her feel as though she was burning inside. 
But she said nothing and drank it all up. After that, she placed the bowl back on the table. 
Li Shu stared at her and asked, “Was it hot?” 
Yao Lili paused. 
Li Shu lowered her gaze. 
If a woman in her fifties could feel the pain from drinking such hot soup, then how would her young son have felt drinking that scalding milk
At this thought, she suddenly felt impatient. She pointed at the thermos and ordered, “Since you look so enthusiastic, there’s more there. Finish it.” 
Yao Lili: …! 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes as he watched the situation unfold. 
He knew how hot the soup was, of course. Being Yao Lili’s son, it would have been reasonable for him to intervene at this point. 
But for some odd reason, he suddenly thought of his childhood. 
Even though it had been so many years, he could still remember when he was a toddler, the food and drinks that Yao Lili had given him had always been scalding hot. They would burn off a layer of the skin in his mouth. 
Eventually, he had gotten used to it and it was no big deal. 
But today, Yao Lili finally got a taste of her own medicine and found out how it felt to be on the receiving end. 
Mo Xicheng, who had been taking a step forward, suddenly halted at this thought. 
He looked at Yao Lili, suddenly finding this woman laughable. 
She wanted to move into the Mo family homee?. 
The Mo Family home belonged to Li Shu and Mo Hai, what business did she have in it? How could she be moving into the Mo family home
Hence he decided this was none of his business.
###Chapter 1446: He Is My Son (19) 
Yao Lili looked at the large pot of chicken soup and in her mind, she replayed the horror of the burning sensation from that last mouthful. She was terrified beyond words. 
But lifting her head and seeing Lu Shu’s uncompromising expression, she bit her lip at once. 
This woman was making things difficult, probably because she didn’t want her to move in. 
Well, Yao Lili wasn’t going to fall into that trap. 
At this thought, she picked up the thermos and poured the soup into the bowl. Raising the bowl to her mouth, she downed it in a big gulp. 
After drinking it, she felt her throat swelling painfully from the burn. 
But even then, she looked at Li Shu and said, “Here, I’ve finished the soup.” 
Li Shu looked at her with a complex expression. 
Finished the soup. 
She had only done this once and she had made it look as though it was a huge deal. Then what about Mo Xicheng, who had grown up doing this
She suddenly recalled how Yao Lili had used to complain about the young Mo Xicheng. 
“This child is a picky eater and doesn’t eat much.” 
“When it’s time to eat, he doesn’t sit quietly and instead makes a fuss. Look at how skinny he is.” 
“This child is really disobedient, not half as well-behaved as Master Mo Zhi. This boy is one mischievous boy.” 
And so on. 
One comment after another, they were all etched clearly in Li Shu’s mind. She clenched her jaw, feeling as though a knife was plunged and twisted into her heart. Her eyes reddened and she quickly lowered her head, as large tear drops formed and rolled down her cheeks. 
She tried hard to curb her emotions but it was impossible. 
Meanwhile, Mo Xicheng and Shi Nianyao watched, completely puzzled by this behavior and yet unsure of what to do. 
Only Yao Lili looked at the woman with a stunned expression. 
Was this woman going to go back on her word
As soon as this thought struck her, she saw Li Shu lifting her head. The woman looked at her and said, “Alright, once I get home, I will send people over to help you pack. You can move in to stay in my home.” 
Yao Lili’s eyes lit up immediately and was about to nod when Mo Xicheng interrupted and said, “There’s no need for that.” 
Yao Lili froze and snapped her head around, asking, “What did you just say?” 
Mo Xicheng stepped forward, looked at Li Shu steadily and said, “My mom will not move into your home.” 
Mo Hai and Li Shu were a married couple. If Yao Lili were to move in, what about Li Shu? Li Shu was the real victim here. 
Look at how sadly she was crying now. 
Lu Shu was a classy and elegant lady, this was about the only time he had seen her crying in the presence of others. Hence, this moment had to be a rather embarrassing moment for her. 
For Mo Xicheng, this was like a slap in his face. 
He had never intended to cause Li Shu any harm. He knew that his existence itself was already wrong to begin with. 
But why would Yao Lili agree with Mo Xicheng
She said sharply, “Mo Xicheng, what are you saying? Stop speaking nonsense!” 
She looked at Li Shu and said, “I’m willing. I’m willing to move into your home. It’s not that I want to vie for Mo Hai with you. He only has you in his heart. I only wish to see him every day and I will be content. I really do love him.” 
She lowered her head after saying these words, disgustingly pretending that her love for Mo Hai was true. 
Mo Xicheng looked intently at her and said after a pause, “Between the Mo family and I, you can only choose one.”
###Chapter 1447: He Is My Son (20) 
Yao Lili froze upon hearing this. 
She lifted her head, looking at Mo Xicheng in disbelief. She had not expected him to say this. 
Between the Mo family and him, she had to make a choice
Even a fool would know what the choice should be. 
Almost without hesitation, Yao Lili opened her mouth to say, “Mo Xicheng, you’re grown up now and I can no longer interfere with your life. But neither should you interfere with my happiness.” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and said, “Do you mean then that in the future, we will have nothing to do with each other?” 
Yao Lili clenched her jaws tightly. 
Of course she knew that the moment she answered affirmatively, Mo Xicheng would disregard her from then onwards and he would be with Shi Nianyao. 
But was there anyone who could now stop them from being together anyway
The two of them were like one. They might even have already slept together. 
Hence, what did it matter if she tried to stop them or not?! 
Conversely, moving into the Mo family home was far more attractive to her. 
Hence Yao Lili nodded and said, “That’s right. Nothing to do with each other. I will no longer interfere in your life and likewise, you won’t interfere with mine.” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng fell silent. 
He was thoroughly disappointed with Yao Lili. 
He was an adult, he had his own opinions too. 
Yao Lili was obviously Mo Hai’s mistress and Mo Hai had never felt anything for her. What exactly did she want, hankering after the man like this
Did she not realize that her behavior was really embarrassing and shameful
But at this point, he couldn’t bring himself to say this out loud. 
He did not speak, but cast his gaze down to hide the disappointment in his eyes. 
Li Shu glanced at Mo Xicheng, looked at Yao Lili and then looked away for a while. Then she said, “Well then, you can come home with me directly.” 
Having said this, she turned and walked out. 
There was no hurry in revealing her relationship with Mo Xicheng. The most pressing matter at hand was to take back all of the Mo family’s assets. 
Yao Lili nodded vigorously at this suggestion. She followed Li Shu without thinking twice. 
As the two women walked away, Mo Xicheng called out, “Mom.” 
Li Shu suddenly felt her heart waver, but she saw that Yao Lili had halted and turned around. 
Mo Xicheng made one last struggling attempt and said, “Are you really not going to reconsider?” 
Yao Lili narrowed her eyes and nodded. She said, “I know you have my interest at heart, but I will be truly happy there. Even if your father doesn’t have me in his heart, I’ll be happy so long as I get to see him every day.” 
Mo Xicheng did not understand her perspective on love, but seeing that she wasn’t going to change her mind, he said, “Alright.” 
With that one word, the sorrow in his heart came up against a dead end. 
Yao Lili hurriedly followed Li Shu as the latter walked away. 
After Yao Lili and Li Shu had left, Mo Xicheng sat down on the sofa, his melancholic expression carrying the disappointment he felt. 
Yao Lili was such a selfish woman. 
Did she realize that by moving into the Mo family, it would mean that if Mo Xicheng’s true identity ever got found out, it would seal his reputation as an illegitimate son. 
If she lived elsewhere, at least they could claim that they had nothing to do with the Mo family. But now… 
Mo Xicheng smiled bitterly. 
Oh well, in any case, Yao Lili had never prioritized him. 
So why take it so seriously now
– 
The chauffeur drove Li Shu and Yao Lili back to the Mo family home. 
As the car drove through the main gate, Yao Lili’s eyes lit up with a flash of ecstasy.
###Chapter 1448: He Is My Son (21) 
Yao Lili looked around and took in the familiar surroundings. A sense of anticipation was already taking roots deep in her heart. 
She recalled the time when Mo Xicheng had started making money and bought his own house. Then Mo Hai had come up to her and asked her to move out. The disappointment and reluctance to leave… but now, Li Shu was bringing her back here. 
As these thoughts came to her mind, the car pulled to a stop. 
Immediately, the main door swung open and Mo Hai rushed out hurriedly. 
Yao Lili’s eyes lit up. Had Mo Hai found out she was coming back and had come out here to welcome her
She quickly opened the car door. Just as she was getting out, she saw Mo Hai open the door of the backseat. He was smiling and speaking to Li Shu softly, “Li Shu, you’re home?” 
His tone was as gentle as one could imagine it to be. When Yao Lili heard it, she was consumed by jealousy. 
Biting her lip, she got out of the car on her own. She was going to greet Mo Hai, but then saw that the groveling man had turned around and followed Li Shu into the living room. As they walked, he was telling her, “I’ve asked the kitchen to prepare light dishes today. I know you like vegetarian food, so I’ve asked them not to make anything non-vegetarian. There are a few stir-fried vegetable dishes that you like. Take a look and see if it suits your taste.” 
Li Shu did not speak, but she walked ahead like an empress. 
Meanwhile, Mo Hai didn’t even feel the least bit embarrassed and continued to follow her. 
They walked into the living room. All this time, no one even turned around to speak with Yao Lili, and the woman was left standing outside. 
The housekeepers and bodyguards in the house threw her strange looks, making her feel like she had nowhere to hide her shame. 
She lowered her head and gave a light cough. SHe then lifted her chin again and walked into the living room. 
When she walked into the living room, she realized that Li Shu and Mo Hai had already gone to the dining room. Mo Hai was going through the menu with her, saying, “Look at these vegetables, aren’t they fresh? I tell you, I specially started a small vegetable area in the garden. I planted this vegetable myself!” 
Yao Lili frowned and cleared her throat. 
The sound caused Mo Hai to halt in surprise. He spun his head around. When he saw Yao Lili, he immediately exclaimed in surprise, “What are you doing here?!” i?r． o
Yao Lili: …!! 
Had the man not noticed her before this
That was a bit much. 
Yao Lili bit her lip and felt herself burning with humiliation. 
But she forced a smile on her face and started, “Mr. Mo, I—” 
Before she could say much, Mo Hai walked up to her and berated her with a frown, “Why? Have you run out of pocket money again? You could have just called and I’d get the secretary to send some. How many times have I told you that this home belongs to Li Shu and I? You are not allowed in here! Get out now!” 
Yao Lili bit her lip as her eyes filled with tears. She started again, “Mr. Mo, I—” 
“What are you talking about? Don’t you understand Chinese? Get out!” 
Mo Hai was really nervous now. After all the time and effort he had spent trying to make up with Li Shu, now this woman had come into their home. Was she trying to be at odds with him
If Li Shu got angry and decided to leave again, then what was he going to do
Mo Hai looked out of the dining room nervously and yelled, “Butler! Where’s the butler? Call for the security and take this woman away!”
###Chapter 1449: He Is My Son (22) 
That remark was like a sharp slap to Yao Lili’s face. 
She stood rooted to the ground, noticing the look of disdain on the man’s face, as though she was plague. She was embarrassed and at the same time angry. 
She opened her mouth yet again to speak, but Li Shu interrupted, “I asked her to come over.” 
When Mo Hai heard this, his fury and reluctance vanished immediately as he spun around anxiously to look at Li Shu and said, “Li Shu, you were the one who invited her? Is there a reason for this? Why did you ask her to come over to our home?” 
That look of rejection on his face was evident. 
Yao Lili was livid. 
Li Shu, in response, only widened her eyes indifferently and said, “I’ve agreed to let her stay here. From now on, I will not interfere with what goes on between the both of you.” 
At this point, she looked at the food on the table and squinted. “I have no appetite tonight,” she said. “I’m not eating. Yao Lili can be your dinner companion. Oh, and she likes meat. You might wish to ask the kitchen to prepare some.” 
Having said this, she got onto her feet and headed upstairs without turning back to take a second look. 
Mo Hai was horrified and quickly followed her, saying, “Li Shu, listen to me. How could you?” 
Before he could finish what he was saying, Li Shu was already in the bedroom and slammed the door shut with a loud bang, leaving Mo Hai standing outside on the corridor. 
The man almost had his nose hit by the slamming door. He rubbed his nose and knocked on the door cautiously, asking, “Li Shu, what’s the matter? Is this because you dislike her? If you dislike her I’ll ask her to go home, is that alright?” 
The door flew open after he said those words. His face lit up as he tried to step into the room, however Li Shu said, “Mo Hai, I’ve promised Mo Xicheng to allow Yao Lili to stay here.” 
Mo Hai misunderstood her words. 
He had also been at a loss regarding Mo Zhi’s matter. 
The boy had offended the Shi family and now Mo Hai was a little nervous, wondering when they would come for their revenge. 
From what Li Shu was saying, did it mean that Mo Xicheng had agreed to settle the issue with the Shi family so that they would not find trouble with Mo Zhi, and as a result she had to let Yao Lili stay with them
The moment this thought struck, Mo Hai was irritated at once. 
He was utterly convinced that the woman downstairs was his nemesis. 
His chest hurt from the anger he was feeling. He had only recently managed to placate Lishu after such a long time, but now things were back at square one. 
As this thought ran through his mind, Li Shu said, “Treat her well.” 
With another bang, the door was slammed shut again. Quickly following this, he heard her say, “You can sleep in her room tonight.” 
Mo Hai: … 
Anger welled up within him. 
What was this situation now
Was he a male prostitute, having to sleep with that woman to save his own son
In his fury, he headed downstairs. 
Once downstairs, he saw Yao Lili standing by the dining table. Upon seeing him, the woman smiled at him gently and said, “Mr. Mo, will you have dinner?” 
She took the porridge from the housekeeper, placed it before the man and said, “Hurry and eat some.” 
Mo Hai felt a surge of anger at this point. Without a word, he went up to the dining table and swept the bowl aside in a fury. The bowl flew off the table and landed on the floor with a crash, shattering into bits among the porridge. 
Then his hand raised and fell mercilessly across Yao Lili’s cheek as he shouted, “Get out!”
###Chapter 1450: He Is My Son (23) 
The sound of the slap rang sharp and clear, everyone turned to look. 
Mo Hai glared at Yao Lili furiously, looking as though he was going to eat her alive. 
Yao Lili looked at him, shocked, and clutched her face with her hands. She hadn’t thought that Mo Hai would actually hit her. 
She gulped as she felt her cheek burn in pain. 
She raised her hand to her cheek. 
She stared at Mo Hai and asked, “Why- why did you hit me?” 
Mo Hai gave her a murderous stare and said, “I warned you when you left to never return again, but you’ve disobeyed!” 
Yao Lili’s eyes reddened and she said with much grievance, “It was Madam who said I could come home with her. She said she no longer minded and we could all stay together. I—” 
“So just because she said you could come, you went ahead? You tr*mp! We don’t welcome you here, get out!” 
Yao Lili bit her lip as she took these devastating words in. 
Even though she had known that Mo Hai did not like her and had his heart set on Li Shu, it was still painful to witness with her own eyes the difference in how he treated the both of them. 
She frowned and lowered her head. “It was Madam who allowed me to come back here. Did she agree with you telling me to leave?” 
At these words, Mo Hai suddenly understood. 
Indeed. 
It was Li Shu who had asked her to come to their home. 
Li Shu would surely be angry if he kicked her out. 
But having her around… His own discomfort aside, Li Shu wouldn’t be happy either. Hadn’t she even just declined eating dinner
Mo Hai’s expression darkened at the thought of this. Then he said, “Fine, stay if you wish. We’ll get the butler to prepare a room.” 
After saying this, he walked over to the dining table and looked at the spread. Having lost his appetite, he went upstairs. 
As Yao Lili stood there, she could hear the people around whispering and pointing at her. She swallowed her anger. 
Taking in a deep breath, she told herself, “Don’t be impatient, it will be a matter of time until I have a position in the household. One day, I’ll become the lady of the household.” 
– 
Elsewhere. After Yao Lili and Li Shu left, Shi Nianyao turned to look at Mo Xicheng. 
She could sense how desolate he was. She walked over to him and put her arms around him from behind. 
He lowered his head and held her hands, which were interlocked in front of his waist. He took a deep breath as Shi Nianyao said, “Don’t fret. I’m here and I’ll never leave you.” 
Mo Xicheng paused at her sensitive remark and the corners of his mouth turned upwards at once. 
That was right, he had known what Yao Lili was like from the start. What was there to be upset about
At this thought, he pushed all the negativity to the back of his mind. Shi Nianyao added, “My idol, don’t be gloomy. Tell me, what do I need to do to make you happy?” 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes darkened at those words. 
He did not show that he had already cheered up and suppressed his smile. Then he glanced at the woman out of the corner of his eye and said in a crafty and mysterious tone, “Will you do anything?” 
“Uh huh. If it cheers you up, I’ll do anything!”
###Chapter 1451: He Is My Son (24) 
Mo Xicheng turned around and put his arms around her waist. Suddenly, he smiled and said, “Nianyao.” 
“Uh-huh?” 
“Give me a kiss then.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
She turned red at once. But his request was most innocent and did not imply anything else. 
Just like a normal remark. 
Just like a child who had met with some difficulties and stretched his arms out for a hug and a kiss. It was hard to reject and she didn’t have the heart to do so either. 
Shi Nianyao coughed lightly and said, “This—” 
“Didn’t you just say you’d do anything?” Mo Xicheng said with innocence and grievance, making it impossible for Shi Nianyao to decline. 
Although it wasn’t the first time they exchanged a kiss, asking for one so formally made the girl feel a little shy and embarrassed. 
Looking at Mo Xicheng with a scarlet face, she cleared her throat and agreed, “Ok.” 
The man’s eyes lit up and he said, “Well, come on then.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
At this point, it was only the two of them in the villa. 
The atmosphere was suggestive and full of tenderness, causing Shi Nianyao to turn even redder. She could feel her heart pounding. She gulped and blinked as she looked at the man. Then, getting on her tip-toes, she moved closer to him. 
As Mo Xicheng watched her face moving closer to his, a sense of anticipation grew in his heart. 
As he thought of how soft her lips were and her light and pleasant scent, he felt slightly playful. 
But when Shi Nianyao’s lips were about to make contact, she halted. 
Mo Xicheng: …?
The girl removed her embrace around Mo Xicheng and took a step back. She wanted to push him away, but his large hand tightened around her waist so that she could not escape. 
Shi Nianyao could only make her best attempt to keep a distance between them. Then she said, “Erm. Shut your eyes.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
The girl said cautiously without making eye contact with him, “I feel shy if you stare at me like this.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
The man sighed helplessly and shook his head with a smile. He said, “Ok, fine.” 
He shut his eyes. 
Now that he wasn’t looking at her, she wasn’t half as nervous. 
She took a deep breath and tried to approach him again. As her lips were about to make contact, something seemed to come to mind and she quickly moved away again. 
She raised her hands, cupped them around her mouth and exhaled, ascertaining that her breath was fresh. Then she relaxed. 
When she looked up and was about to kiss him, she realized that the man was staring at her. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Ahhhhhhh. 
Her idol had actually caught her doing that. 
What now?! 
Mo Xicheng could barely contain his laughter when he saw her frantic expression. 
He had detected her scent and had nervously been anticipating that kiss from her. But in the end, he had sensed it disappearing. 
Hence he had opened his eyes. But when he caught her doing that, he had to control his laughter. 
When he saw her indignant expression and that she had reached out to move him away so that she could escape, he pushed and drew her into his tight embrace.
###Chapter 1452: He Is My Son (25) 
She could hear his strong heartbeat and his scent filled her nostrils. 
He must have just taken his shower because she could smell a hint of the shower gel’s fragrance. It was an uplifting and very pleasant scent. Then she heard her male idol’s voice saying, “Don’t move. Close your eyes.” 
Reflexively, she shut her eyes. 
The whole house seemed to have fallen silent apart from her own and Mo Xicheng’s heartbeats. She felt him lowering his head and his scent closing in on, enveloping her. 
Just as she felt breathless, a pair of cool lips pressed against hers. 
She immediately stopped breathing and felt so nervous that she thought she was going to suffocate. 
Her hands tightened into fists, scrunching his shirt tail within them. Then Mo Xicheng pulled away… It had only been a light and tentative contact. 
She sighed in relief, but the next instant, a passionate kiss came down quickly. 
She automatically extended her arms and circled them around his neck, standing on her tip-toes to respond to the kiss. 
She leaned into Mo Xicheng, putting all her weight on the man. After a round of wild and passionate kissing, the two were reluctant to let go of each other still, feeling that they just couldn’t get enough of it. 
Shi Nianyao was shocked by her desire. It was simply… too shameful. 
Suddenly, his hands unbuttoned her shirt and explored her sensitive bare skin. 
Her body stiffened. 
She gulped and felt the man part her lips in a passionate kiss. Then, his lips found their way up to her ears. When he spoke, his warm breath sent electric waves from her ears to her heart. 
She tried to maintain her sanity to decipher his words. “Nianyao, can we?” 
Could they… could they what
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes in a daze, her mind went blank. 
She only knew that she was following her body’s desire. And it wanted to get closer to him, much closer. 
Her legs had no more strength in them and she was leaning fully on him now. 
Till at last, she couldn’t even remember how she had ended up on the sofa, and how her clothes had been removed. 
By the time she knew what was going on, she had already been kissed into a great confusion. 
They were finally completely naked before each other. Her eyes widened and her vision blurred as she looked at her male idol. 
His skin wasn’t sickly pale, but rather a golden malt. He had a well-built physique that looked deceivingly thin when clothed. But right now, she could see his defined chest and abs. 
He halte in the last minute and lowered his head to speak into her ears, “Nianyao, are you prepared?” 
Prepared
From the time she had stolen her household registration booklet to marry him, she had been prepared. 
She wanted to be her idol’s wife, his woman. And the moment had come for this to become reality. 
The only response that Shi Nianyao could give was to raise her head and kiss his lips once more. 
As though he had gotten an answer, Mo Xicheng was suddenly aroused. He was about to press down forcefully with his core when he was stopped instantly by a small pair of gentle hands. 
He paused and looked up. Shi Nianyao was looking back at him with an odd expression on her face. She said, “I- I- I’m having my period.”
###Chapter 1453: He Is My Son (26) 
Mo Xicheng: …!! 
Shi Nianyao wished that there was a hole for her to disappear into. 
Why? Why did it have to be at this critical moment
Really, the heavens were not helping her. 
She only wanted to fulfill their duty as a married couple, wasn’t that all
After saying those words, she quickly took a cushion from the sofa and covered her face with it. She felt terribly embarrassed. How was she ever going to face anyone ever again? Sob, sob, sob. 
What would her idol think
Was he going to get angry? Every time they reached a critical moment, things would come to a grinding halt. 
As she fretted over this, she heard her male idol sigh softly. 
Shi Nianyao lifted the cushion from her face and peeked at him. He was wearing a pained and helpless expression. “Nianyao,” he said, “the next time, could you not interrupt me right at the critical moment? If you do this, our future lifelong happiness might worsen.” 
Instantly, Shi Nianyao blushed even more at that remark with a certain connotation. 
She couldn’t bring herself to face him. 
Then, the body on top of her suddenly moved away. 
She did not dare to lift the cushion to look at him and could only lie on the sofa, curled up into a ball. 
Following this, she felt a hand close around her ankle and her panties were slipped through it. They were drawn upwards slowly, past her calves, and further. 
She was taken aback. 
After this, she saw Mo Xicheng put all the clothes that he had removed back on for her, one garment at a time. 
She sat there gingerly, like a mannequin being manipulated by him. 
The garments that had come off quickly were now being put back on at a much reduced speed. 
Finally, after Shi Nianyao was fully dressed, Mo Xicheng put his own clothes back on quickly and strode out the front door. Five seconds later, there was the sound of a car starting up. 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
She stared at the doorway in a daze. 
What
What was going on
Had her idol gone away because he was angry that he had not been satisfied
He had left her all alone in the villa
She was stumped. 
Her idol was angry
Her idol was truly angry?! 
She spun her head around restlessly and looked out of the window, hoping to get a clue as to where Mo Xicheng had gone, but the sound of the car engine faded away quickly. 
She was still in a daze. 
Ten minutes later. 
She got over her shock. Her male idol was gone, what was she still doing there
Furthermore… 
He had not recovered from his concussion, it was crazy to just drive away like this. ?ne?. oｍ
At this thought, she sprang up from the sofa and headed for the door. But just as she was about to step out, she was hit by a wave of throbbing pain in her abdomen. 
Immediately, she sat back down on the sofa. 
Every time this time of the month came, she would feel extremely unwell. 
She had been taking Chinese medicine but it hadn’t worked. The doctor had said this was not uncommon among women, and it might get better after childbirth. But apart from that, there was nothing much they could do. 
Shi Nianyao bent down and massaged her belly. Trying to withstand the pain, she stood up again and attempted to leave the house once more. Suddenly, she heard the sound of a car engine. 
Mo Xicheng… was back
She looked up and saw that the front door swung open. Following this, Mo Xicheng strode in. 
He was carrying a few black shopping bags and he came up to Shi Nianyao, holding them out to her. “I’m not sure what brand you normally use, but I’ve bought some of each. Have a look and see which one you like.”
###Chapter 1454: He Is My Son (27) 
Shi Nianyao looked into the bags and saw they were filled with sanitary napkins. 
Always, Stayfree, and every other brand, for day use, night use, extra protection, and everything she could image. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She looked up at Mo Xicheng with a grimace and said, “I- I- I’m fine with anything really. I’m not picky.” 
He had bought so many packs, how would she ever use it all up
He likely sensed what she was thinking and said, “Use one for now, and leave the rest here for the future.” 
Leave the rest here for the future
Those words, oddly, warmed her heart. 
In the past, this villa had only had traces of Mo Xicheng’s daily life and it was obvious that he didn’t have many house guests. 
But now, she was gradually entering his life and space. 
In the midst of contemplation, a pair of fingers flicked her forehead. She gave out a soft cry and glared fiercely at Mo Xicheng, shouting, “Hey, what’s the deal?!” 
The man pointed at the restroom and said, “Well, aren’t you going?” 
Shi Nianyao immediately snapped out of her daze and sprang up from her seat. Carrying her pack of sanitary napkins with her, she went directly to the washroom. 
By the time she finished, Mo Xicheng was busy in the kitchen doing something. 
Standing at the entrance of the restroom, Shi Nianyao could see that Mo Xicheng had an apron around his waist and was slicing up ginger and placing it into a saucepan to boil. 
She asked him, “What are you doing?” 
She was hoping it wasn’t what she was thinking. 
Almost immediately he replied, “I’m boiling some ginger sugar water for you, it’s good for your health.” 
She said, “But I don’t like ginger. I feel like throwing up when I smell it.” 
He turned to look at her. 
Although she was a pampered rich girl, he had realized through the time he had spent with her that she was not the least bit a disagreeable person. At least when it came to food, she had never been picky. 
Now she was saying she didn’t like ginger. 
It did seem like she would eat most food except that. 
He narrowed his eyes at this thought and told her, “Go relax on the sofa for a bit, I’ll find a way for you to eat this.” 
Find a way for her to eat this
She hesitated for a moment, but seeing that the man was so confident, she turned around and returned to the sofa to play on her cell phone. 
She picked up her cell phone as she glanced at the kitchen where Mo Xicheng was still waiting for the water to boil. She unlocked her phone and went into Weibo. 
Unexpectedly, the first trending topic was “Ambition’s Mo Xicheng.” 
This was the first time in years that Mo Xicheng was in the top spot of trending topics. 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes lit up at once. 
In recent times, Ambition had been on the big screen everywhere, propelling Mo Xicheng to popularity. Hence, both the movie and Mo Xicheng were hot topics on the internet. 
Mo Xicheng’s Weibo had also seen an increase of millions of followers a day, it was shooting through the roof. 
The movie was generating all sorts of trending topics. 
As Shi Nianyao looked through the posts, she suddenly saw some negative comments: 
[What’s the big deal? Isn’t it our Chen Junjie who got him all these views?] 
[Exactly, what is Mo Xicheng? If it weren’t for Chen Junjie, I wouldn’t have watched this movie!! Mo Xicheng’s acting skills are bad to the core.]
###Chapter 1455: He Is My Son (28) 
[Is the above person blind? It’s clear who has great acting skills and who has rotten acting skills. Idol Mo is definitely my no. 1!] 
[Sheesh, what’s up with Mo Xicheng? He’s been acting for so many years but never made it big. I bet that even if this movie sold well, he won’t be more popular than Chen Junjie. Hasn’t it been like this all along? Mo Xicheng has been in so many hot films and series, but he’s still a nobody in show business.] 
[Exactly, that piece of trash, he stole my great Jie Jie’s male lead role! He’s totally not good enough to act side by side with my great Jie Jie.] 
… 
As Shi Nianyao read this, she got angrier. 
Of course, there were many people on the internet who praised him, but they were grossly outnumbered by Chen Junjie’s retarded fans. 
These people were just saying nasty things without good reason. It was dumbfounding. 
Chen Junjie, of course, became through these discussions the third trending topic: Mo Xicheng Chen Junjie. 
This showed that it was Chen Junjie who was taking advantage of Mo Xicheng for all that publicity, and all those comments could have been bots. Chen Junjie was truly disgusting. 
Why didn’t he have the guts to do this to Shen Liangchuan, when the latter had been in this film initially? But he would do this to Mo Xicheng. Wasn’t everything because Mo Xicheng was not as big a star as Shen Liangchuan
This was too much. 
Shi Nianyao frowned as she contemplated this. Then she saw that Mo Xicheng’s loyal fans had started a fight with Chen Junjie’s fans. 
The internet became a battlefield. 
As Shi Nianyao had her eyes fixed on this, Mo Xicheng walked out of the kitchen. He was holding the freshly-boiled ginger sweet water. Before he had even gotten near her, the smell of the ginger filled her nostrils, causing her to grimace. 
She nestled herself further into the sofa, shrank back reflexively and said, “I’m not drinking that.” 
Mo Xicheng didn’t make things difficult for her and only nodded as he sat next to her. 
Then the man lifted the bowl of ginger sugar water and looked at Shi Nianyao, who was at once on guard and eyeing him cautiously. He lowered his gaze and took in a mouthful. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
After being stunned for a moment, she said, “Hey, why are you drinking— Mmmph!” ?ｎ. 
Before she could finish speaking, he had silenced her by sealing his lips against hers. 
At once, she felt the warm ginger sweet water flowing into her mouth. There wasn’t a hint of spiciness as she widened her eyes in disbelief to stare at Mo Xicheng. 
It was only after she had fully taken in that mouthful of ginger sugar water that Mo Xicheng let her go. Then he turned to look at the bowl on the coffee table and picked it up to take another mouthful. 
This time, he didn’t have to persuade her. She quickly reached out to take the bowl from him and said, “I’ll drink it!” 
After saying this, as though afraid that he would try to feed her the water that way again, she tilted her head back and gulped down the ginger sugar water till there was none left. 
The warmth of the sugar water flowed into her stomach and, at once, she felt much better. 
Her hands and feet were cold before, but now they were warming up. 
She placed the bowl back on the coffee table, wiped the corners of her mouth and said, “Here, I’ve finished it all.” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and said, “Uh huh, good girl.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Mo Xicheng reached out to stroke her head gently and was about to speak when his cell phone suddenly rang. 
He picked up the call. At once, he heard his manager saying, “Brother Mo, Ambition has hit 500 million sales, it’s a box-office hit, so the filming crew is organizing a party. Would you like to go?” 
The man narrowed his eyes upon hearing this and asked in his gloomy voice, “Will Chen Junjie be there?”
###Chapter 1456: He Is My Son (29) 
Immediately, the manager replied, “Yes, he will be there.” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and turned back to glance at Shi Nianyao. He recalled how she had been gritting her teeth and looking at her cell phone when he had brought her the sugar water. Finally, he spoke, “I’ll be there then.” 
The manager nodded and said, “Sure, but this will be your first time making an appearance at a press conference. We are thinking of creating a small surprise to generate some news, so let’s not announce it.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded in agreement and replied, “Sure, I’ll leave it in your good hands.” 
The manager said, “Alright, that’s what we’ll do then.” i?r. m
After he hung, Mo Xicheng turned around again to look at Shi Nianyao. She had slumped back in the sofa, feeling drowsy. 
Remembering she was feeling unwell today, Mo Xicheng quickly extended his arms and lifted her off the sofa. 
Shi Nianyao got a fright as she felt the room spin and then realized that she was being carried upstairs. She asked nervously, “What are you doing?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
He halted and lowered his gaze, giving the girl a look that was at once helpless and full of grievance. “What else do you think I could be doing?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She took one look at Mo Xicheng and suddenly felt like laughing out loud. 
When she had first seen her idol on the big screen, he had been playing rather good roles. But since she had met him in person, she had realized that he was quite a melancholic and gloomy person. 
Just like the look he had on his face now. She found it so adorable that her heart completely melted. 
As she lowered her head and her shoulders shook with laughter, she realized she was seeing another side of her male idol. 
Mo Xicheng had no idea what was going through Shi Nianyao’s mind as he carried her upstairs to the bedroom. After he had put her down on the bed, he picked up the blanket and threw it over her. 
Shi Nianyao lay in bed obediently with her hands clutching the corners of the blanket. 
Mo Xicheng paused and then reached under the blanket to stroke her stomach. Unlike him, his hand was full of warmth and gave a great sense of security. 
Shi Nianyao was in fact not feeling exceptionally unwell, but seeing that her idol was in such a rare moment of complaisance, she couldn’t help but indulge in it by acting like a spoiled child. 
At home, she had always been dotted on. 
Her elder brother had doted on her, her cousin brothers had doted on her, and her parents had doted on her. 
But it felt different to have Mo Xicheng doting on her now. 
She felt an amazing joy that could not be described with words. 
– 
Yao Lili moved into the Mo family home, into the room that the butler had prepared for her. 
Lying back on the bed of the guest room, she stared at the ceiling. 
In the Mo family home, even the guest room was like a small apartment. 
Although it was not as spacious as having a small villa to herself, it was well-equipped with whatever she needed. 
However, she felt bored being alone here. As she contemplated this, she suddenly heard the sound of a car engine coming from outside. Immediately, the butler exclaimed, “Yong Master is home!” 
Yao Lili’s eyes lit up as she sprang up from the bed and dashed to the doorway. Then she saw Mo Zhi walking into the house. 
Mo Zhi had asked for a discharge seeing that even pretending to be sick did nothing to soften Li Shu’s heart. 
He walked in with his head low, but suddenly he lifted his gaze as though he had realized something. As he did that, he spotted Yao Lili standing there before him.
###Chapter 1457: He Is My Son (30) 
Mo Zhi was startled and quickly looked around. He stepped forward and grabbed Yao Lili’s arm, asking, “Why are you here?!” 
She was about to answer when they heard footsteps. She turned around and saw Mo Hai coming downstairs. She quickly lowered her voice and whispered, “Come to my room before daybreak and we’ll talk.” 
The man nodded and quickly put on a hostile expression. He said, “Stay away from me!” 
Then he arrogantly stepped away from her, towards Mo Hai. 
Mo Hai looked at the man with a frown and asked, “Where have you been today?” 
Mo Zhi reported, “At the office!” 
Mo Hai looked at his son and sighed deeply as he patted the man on the shoulder. “Put in your best. Dad still believes in you.” 
Mo Zhi, who had been feeling neglected for a few days now, suddenly felt his eyes burn as they filled with tears. He nodded vigorously and said, “Dad, I will work hard.” 
Mo Hai pointed at the dining room and said, “Alright already, go and have your dinner. As long as you humble yourself enough to learn, you still have a chance of picking up the knowledge you’re lacking. After all, you’re still young. And you hold the majority of the Mo family business’ shares.” 
The unsaid was obvious. He was telling Mo Zhi that he was the true heir of the Mo family fortune, and the future of the Mo family still belonged to him. 
Mo Zhi felt a sudden rush of excitement and brightened up immediately upon hearing what his father had said. 
When Yao Lili observed this, she lowered her head to hide her smile. 
Mo Hai thought that he loved Mo Zhi only because Mo Zhi was his beloved Li Shu’s son. 
But the fact was, Mo Zhi was the son that he had brought up and educated himself, how could he feel nothing for the young man? Perhaps Mo Hai had not realized this himself. 
Hence, Mo Zhi had never really lost the game. 
Yao Lili smiled at this thought. Suddenly, as though having sensed something, her posture stiffened. She turned around quickly and saw Li Shu standing in the corridor. Her gaze was fixed on Yao Lili. 
Yao Lili’s smile instantly vanished. She lowered her head, pretending she hadn’t noticed the woman, and then walked up the stairs quietly. 
Before she could get to the guest room, she had to walk past Li Shu. She lifted her gaze and gave Li Shu a broad smile. As she was about to step into the guest room, she suddenly heard Lu Shu say, “What is it like having Mo Xincheng as a son?” 
Yao Lili halted and turned around with a puzzled expression. “What?” 
Li Shu pointed in the direction of the man downstairs and couldn’t help laughing as she said, “You know something? There is something that I’m definitely not as good at as you are. 
Yao Lili was slightly taken aback by her words. 
Li Shu turned to look at her and said to her deliberately, “I’m not as good as you are when it comes to bringing up kids.” 
She had said bringing up, not bearing. 
Mo Zhi had been brought up by Li Shu and Mo Hai, but he wasn’t even a tenth of what Mo Xicheng was. 
Li Shu found it laughable at this point. 
Suddenly, she felt grateful and wanted to thank Yao Lili. Without her, perhaps Mo Xicheng wouldn’t have been the excellent young man he was today. 
It was ironic and laughable. 
She smirked icily and turned to look at Yao Lili, who was staring back at her as though not understanding a word she was saying. 
Li Shu did not say anything else but returned to her room. 
After shutting the room door, all expressions vanished from Li Shu’s face. 
She stared blankly ahead, the only image on her mind was how Mo Hai had patted Mo Zhi on the shoulder. 
She knew that it would be impossible for the elder Mo to have no feelings for Mo Zhi. 
They were father and son. But when it came to Mo Xicheng, his father would only berate or hit him. 
Hence, Mo Xicheng had never been close to Mo Hai. 
The reason that Mo Hai had been unable to extricate himself from the entanglement with Yao Lili was because of Mo Xicheng’s existence. Hence, any mention of Mo Xicheng served only to evoke Mo Hai’s hatred and more hatred. 
On one hand was the son he had brought up himself. On the other hand was the child that had rubbed him the wrong way. 
Would it be possible that, even if he were to be told the truth, he would not bear to let go of Mo Zhi to accept Mo Xicheng
Li Shu clenched her fists tightly at the thought of this. 
Suddenly, she felt that perhaps she had thought too simply of this situation. 
And she had thought too simply of the relationship between Mo Hai and Mo Zhi. 
Although Mo Zhi wasn’t her son, he was still Mo Hai’s son. 
Furthermore, it was not as if the love that Mo Hai had towards Mo Zhi would simply disappear overnight. 
As she let out a troubled sigh, there was a knock on the door. 
Li Shu turned around and opened the door. It was Mo Hai. 
He had come at an apt time, for Li Shu wished to speak with him. Hence, she stepped to the side to let the man into the room. 
Mo Hai rubbed his hands together nervously and flashed Li Shu a smile. After he entered the room, he quickly said to her, “I know you’ve brought Yao Lili home to placate that silly Mo Xicheng, so that Mo Zhi won’t be punished. But Li Shu, there is really no need for this. Mo Xicheng is my son. He won’t dare to disobey me if I insist that he sorts out the situation.” 
Li Shu felt a pain in her heart upon hearing this. 
Her son was silly in Mo Hai’s opinion
She frowned and said, “Would you watch your tone.” 
“Sure, I understand. What I’m saying is that you don’t have to put yourself through this.” 
Mo Hai took a step forward and extended his hand towards Li Shu’s arm. Li Shu immediately retreated to avoid his contact. 
She lowered her gaze and, after a moment, suddenly asked him, “Mo Hai, do you like Mo Zhi simply because he’s my son?” 
Mo Hai was stunned by her words and said almost immediately, “Of course!” d. c?
Li Shu lifted her head, looked at him with an unfathomable expression and asked again, “Then right now, do you feel disappointed with Mo Zhi?” 
Mo Hai’s natural assumption was that Li Shu was afraid that he would give up on Mo Zhi, hence his reply was, “Li Shu, how could you say that? Mo Zhi is my son. Even if he had makes mistakes at some point, he’s my son. I watched him grow up, wouldn’t I know what he’s like? He doesn’t lack intelligence really, it’s just that he doesn’t focus. After this, I feel that he’s learnt his lesson, you know? He went to the office today. I’ve just spoken with the secretary. She said that he performed impressively well in the office today. It looks like I should have exposed him to the company business earlier on. Giving him more stress would probably made him a better person.” 
Mo Hai went on and on, talking endlessly. 
It was very clear from how he spoke that he had deep affection for Mo Zhi. 
Li Shu stared fixedly at Mo Hai with clenched fists, suddenly feeling that there was no longer a need to say what she had wanted to say. 
She lowered her gaze and pointed at the door, saying, “You may leave now.” 
Mo Hai was stunned. Weren’t they getting along just fine? Why was he suddenly asked to leave
He wanted to say more, but Li Shu only glared at him icily.
###Chapter 1458: He Is My Son (31) 
Mo Hai got a shock and quickly retreated, saying, “Fine, I’ll leave. Don’t be angry, Li Shu. I’ll do anything as long as you’re not angry.” 
Li Shu simply found those words laughable. 
She suddenly said, “Well then, if I asked you to give the business to Mo Xicheng, would you do it?” 
That question completely stunned Mo Hai as he looked at Li Shu in disbelief. After a moment, he spoke reluctantly, “Li Shu, the situation is not as bad as you think. Giving him 30 percent of the shares is painful enough. That’s giving him too much advantage! Are- are you testing me? Li Shu, don’t worry. I really have no affection for Mo Xicheng. To me, that child is simply a symbol of shame, but Mo Zhi is different. It’s not possible for me to give the business to Mo Xicheng.” 
Even if Mo Xicheng was your own flesh and blood, would you not
Li Shu held back the words that came to her mind. She could only point at the doorway and say in a thoroughly disappointed tone, “Get out then.” 
– 
Mo Hai lay on the bed. 
All these years, he had gotten used to sleeping alone. But today, sleep eluded him. 
He felt a throbbing pain in his heart as he recalled Li Shu’s reaction today. 
When would she forgive him
He tossed and turned at this thought, unable to find rest. 
He picked up his cell phone and glanced at it. It was already 11:50. He had to wake up early for a meeting tomorrow, yet he was unable to sleep. He sat up in bed. 
Yao Lili’s appearance had made for an unhappy dinner and now he was a little hungry. He opened his bedroom door with the intention of going downstairs for some food. 
As he was about to walk out, he thought he had sensed something. Turning around, he saw a silhouette enter Yao Lili’s guest room. 
Mo Hai’s eyes flashed at once. 
The silhouette had moved very quickly but still, he could tell it was a man. 
Mo Hai’s eyes narrowed at once, thinking that Yao Lili had dared to openly bring a man into their home while staying with them. 
He also knew that Li Shu’s cool attitude with him boiled down to the problem of Yao Lili. 
And now, if he caught Yao Lili red-handed, wouldn’t he have a proper and valid reason to kick this woman out of the house
Mo Hai’s eyes sparkled at this thought. He took a couple of steps and approached the door of Yao Lili’s room. Staring at the door, he smirked. 
Inside the room. 
Yao Lili’s eyes reddened as she grabbed the young man who had come into her room in the middle of the night. 
Wearing his pajamas, Mo Zhi stood there rubbing his sleepy eyes. Obviously, he was dead tired. He looked at Yao Lili half-heartedly and said, “Mom, why did you ask me to come over in the middle of the night? Is there a problem? If not, I’m going back to bed.” 
Yao Lili instantly grabbed him by his arms and said, “What a child! Your mom hasn’t seen you all day. But now it will be a lot more convenient to see you. Look at you.” 
Mo Zhi was getting a little impatient and said, “So why did you ask me to come over? And why are you staying at the Mo family home now?” 
Yao Lili replied, “Li Shu must be planning to placate Mo Xicheng through us so that the incident with Shi Nianyao is left alone.” 
Mo Zhi said, “Isn’t the problem with Shi Nianyao and I history now?! Mo Xicheng has already 30 percent of our company shares, what more does he want?”
###Chapter 1459: He is My Son (32) 
Mo Zhi’s voice was kind of loud and Yao Lili was so shocked she hurriedly covered his mouth. 
Yao Lili looked around her and pulled Mo Zhi to the bedside. After the two of them sat down, Yao Lili spoke, “I made a mistake last time, but now that I know many things, I feel that the Shi family hasn’t taken action and suppressed the incident for Mo Xicheng’s sake. So both Li Shu and Mo Hai are trying to get on Mo Xicheng’s good side. Let me tell you, this is precisely the reason why Li Shu had to resist her disgust and allow me to enter the Mo family.” 
After Mo Zhi heard her words, he frowned and asked, “What should we do now?” 
Yao Lili furrowed her brows and lowered her voice. “You don’t have to do anything now because Li Shu and Mo Hai have done everything for you. All that you have to do now is be a good child. Do you know? As long as Mo Hai treats you well, you’ll be able to get all of the Mo family’s assets. If not, I’m worried that you’ll have to give up all the shares you have. Also, if Mo Xicheng enters the company, there will definitely be people who get a bad impression of you. If the comparison is too obvious, it wouldn’t be beneficial.” 
Yao Lili didn’t realize that what she had said directly implied that Mo Zhi was inferior to Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Zhi frowned and snorted. Since young, he had hated it when people said that. Thus, he was so furious at that moment that he stood up. “What do you mean? Do you mean that I’m inferior to him? I thought that you understood me. I would have never expected that you would be the same as other people.” 
After he said so, he wanted to leave. 
Yao Lili panicked. She grabbed his arm and consoled him. “Mo Zhi, that’s not what I meant. I’m your mother, why would I despise you?” 
Before she could finish speaking, she tripped and fell forward. Mo Zhi hurriedly stuck out his hand as he intended to help her. But since they were in a weird position and weren’t careful, they both ended up falling onto the bed. 
Mo Zhi’s elbow was being squashed by her and, since it was where Mo Xicheng had hit him, he cried out in pain. Yao Lili instantly panicked and grabbed his arm as she asked anxiously, “What’s wrong?” 
Mo Zhi lifted his arm and said, “This part hurts so bad.” 
Yao Lili subconsciously flipped his pajamas open, wanting to see where he was hurting. 
But at this moment… 
The room door was suddenly opened. 
Yao Lili had a great shock, her body froze as she turned her head. She saw that Mo Hai had brought the butler, the security officer and a bunch of people outside the door. 
There was a sarcastic smile on Mo Hai’s face as he stared at Yao Lili. He said, “I really want to see who you are sleeping with.” There was laughter shining in Mo Hai’s eyes. 
For the sake of exposing the true colors of Yao Lili, he had specially arranged the butler, the family’s servants and security officers to come and see. 
The only way to shut Yao Lili’s mouth was to show everyone how Yao Lili was like. Then, he could bring Mo Xicheng’s reputation down as well. 
With such a skittish mom, people would definitely doubt Mo Xicheng’s identity. n?ea. 
As he thought so, Mo Hai took a step forward and grabbed Mo Zhi, who was trying his best to hide his head in the blankets. “Come out now!” 
After he said so, he dragged Mo Zhi out forcefully.
###Chapter 1460: He is My Son (33) 
At the beginning, when the people rushed in, Mo Zhi had wanted to stand up. 
But since Yao Lili was shocked and had reacted impulsively, she had pressed on his waist and caused him to directly fall on the bed. Then, after hearing Mo Hai’s words, he was so shocked he hadn’t dared to move. 
He lay flat on the bed, totally stunned. 
Mo Hai was there to bust an illicit affair
Thinking of his current actions, position and Yao Lili’s look, he really would have trouble explaining the situation. 
It was because other people didn’t know his relationship with Yao Lili. 
And how would he explain what he was doing now
Him and his father’s mistress having an unclear relationship… 
If this spread out, he wouldn’t be able to face anyone. 
Just as he was thinking about it, Mo Hai held his arm. He was instantly stunned. He wanted to struggle, but Mo Hai was too strong for him to be able to do so. 
Before waiting for him to speak, he was dragged out by Mo Hai and fell on the floor. 
As the crowd was trying to find out who exactly was sleeping with Yao Lili, they were all shocked to see Mo Zhi. All of them widened their eyes and stared at him in disbelief. 
Even Mo Hai was shocked till he was almost speechless. 
He stared at Mo Zhi in shock and then took a glance at Yao Lili. The things that had seemed off recently finally had an answer at that instant. 
No wonder Yao Lili seemed to be giving an inexplicable attention to Mo Zhi. 
Ever since young, whenever Mo Xicheng and Mo Xicheng had fights, Yao Lili would side with Mo Zhi. So the real reason was that they had gotten into some relationship without his knowledge. 
Mo Hai had never liked Yao Lili. This woman was a source of trouble to him in his life. 
Thus, at that moment, he didn’t feel like she was cheating on him, but he thought, “How dare Yao Lili hook up his own son!” i?r. m
His anger suddenly rose. He turned his head and grabbed Yao Lili’s clothes. Then he swung his hand at her face with great force. 
Slap. The sound of his slap rang across the room. 
The painful hit stunned Yao Lili. She turned her head to look at Mo Zhi and anxiously explained, “No, no, it’s not what all of you are thinking. I- Mo Zhi and I, the two of us—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Mo Hai shouted angrily, “You and him were in the bed in such a position in the middle of the night. If it isn’t what I’m thinking, then tell me, what is it?” 
After he shouted that sentence, he lowered his head and kicked Mo Zhi’s ass. 
But as he was still his precious son, he used much lesser strength. 
It was completely different from hitting Yao Lili. 
After he kicked Mo Zhi, he still had to help Mo Zhi clean up his mess. “You young brat, you’ve seen so many women and yet you were seduced by such a old woman.” 
Then he turned around again. He pointed at Yao Lili and reprimanded, “You’re such a cunning woman. You’re trying to get back from my son what you can’t get from me? Let me tell you, he’s still so young and you’re so old. He is just ignorant but what are you?” 
“You’re really a sl*t! When you seduced me, I knew that you weren’t a good woman, but it’s also true that why would a good woman seduce others? If it hadn’t been for the fact that you had Mo Xicheng, I would have definitely not taken you in. I have never expected that you’d be so greedy! Now you’re seducing my
###Chapter 1461: He is My Son (34) 
Mo Hai’s outburst had shocked both Mo Zhi and Yao Lili. 
One of them was lying on the floor and the other was sitting on the bed in shock. Both of them exchanged glances, wanting to say something but realizing that there was no way to clarify it. 
Yao Lili would definitely not tell Mo Hai that Mo Zhi was her son now. 
And Mo Zhi knew that the reason why he was so liked by Mo Hai was because he was Li Shu’s son. 
There was a really high possibility that he would be chased out of the house if his identity was exposed. 
Mo Zhi swallowed and he was stunned at that moment. He had no idea how to explain himself. 
Just at that moment, Yao Lili clenched her teeth, rushed forward and hugged Mo Hai’s leg. She cried as she said, “I really don’t have that kind of relationship with Mo Zhi. Nothing happened between us. I can go for a check up now. We’re not like what you think, I—” . 
They could definitely not admit this, or else in the future if their real identities were ever exposed, everyone would recall today’s incident and rumors might spread that Mo Zhi and her were having sex. 
In the wealthy elites, rumors could kill. 
But before she could finish explaining herself, Mo Hai had already kicked her away. “Vixen, you think that all of us are blind?!” 
Mo Hai was feeling extremely regretful. He had initially meant to catch her cheating publicly so that he would be able to ditch Yao Lili in front of everyone. Little would he have expected that he would cause trouble for himself instead. 
Mo Zhi was his son and his reputation was extremely important. If the word about today spread, Mo Zhi’s wedding would be a big problem in the future. 
Rich families usually arranged their marriages, but who would marry their daughter off to a man who had had a relationship with his father’s mistress
It gave Mo Hai a huge headache and he really wanted to beat Mo Zhi up, but he couldn’t bear to do it. 
He could only grumble in his heart that he must have owed that son of his in his previous life. Then, he proceeded to clean up his mess. 
He pointed at Mo Zhi and said to the butler, “Young Master was seduced by her but luckily, nothing happened. Bring him down and—” 
Mo Hai swept his glance across the people around him and he felt his face burn with embarrassment. Putting his pride aside, he said, “If anyone dares leak what happened tonight, I will finish you! Do you understand?!” 
“Yes, Sir!” 
Everyone responded. 
However, the butler lowered his head. In his heart, he already despised both Mo Zhi and Yao Lili completely. He nodded, took a step forward and grabbed Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi let out a sign of relief. He turned his head and looked at Yao Lili. “Dad, then she—” 
Mo Hai was furious, he kicked Mo Zhi’s knee and shouted, “Scram!” 
Things had already come to this point and he still cared about this mistress Yao Lili? Did he still have brains
Mo Zhi was shocked and he hurriedly left the room alongside the butler. 
After Mo Zhi had left, only Mo Hai and Yao Lili were left in the room. 
Mo Hai’s expression instantly darkened. 
Even though he was always meek and humble in front of Li Shu, but as someone who had fought and survived through the business industry, he was always arrogant to the outside world and even had the fierceness of a bandit. 
Thus at that moment, Yao Lili could only feel shock and she became increasingly uneasy. She swallowed and said, “Mr. Mo, I- I really didn’t seduce Mo Zhi. We were only applying medicine there, he’s injured, I—”
###Chapter 1462: He is My Son (35) 
Before she could finish speaking, Mo Hai took one step forward and kicked her stomach. 
The kick made Yao Lili take a step backwards. She bent over and held onto her stomach, feeling as if her intestines were almost mixed together. It was so painful that cold sweat rolled down her face, which turned pale and colorless. 
She lifted her head and saw Mo Hai take a step forward and grab the collar of her shirt. He then shouted angrily, “Yao Lili, let me tell you. You can forget about trying to get anything out of the Mo family! Mo Zhi is my son and if I catch you interacting with him again, you might not be able to see the light tomorrow.” 
His threatening words were extremely vicious and they made Yao Lili shudder, cold. 
She understood that if Mo Hai said it, he would definitely do it. Thus, she was so scared she took a step backwards and didn’t dare to utter a word, only nodding to show her understanding. 
It seemed that Mo Hai was only satisfied then. He stuck out his hand and grabbed her chin to lift her head. He scanned her face a few times, sneered and walked out. 
As he was walking out, he wondered what exactly was good about this old woman. The reason for his mistake when young had been because of alcohol, but as for Mo Zhi now
There were so many young and beautiful women, but he didn’t want them. Yet he had laid his eyes on Yao Lili
As Mo Hai thought so, he shook his head and walked out of the guest room. 
Li Shu, who was staying in the master bedroom, had witnessed the whole incident from the start till the end, although she hadn’t left the room. At that moment, she was standing in the room and watching the situation unfold coldly through the peephole. 
Mo Zhi and Yao Lili were so close. Did they really think that she was a fool
She gripped her fist tightly and lowered her eyelids. 
Just based on the things Yao Lili had done to Mo Xicheng, she wouldn’t give Mo Zhi a cent, much less the Mo family’s shares. 
They couldn’t blame her for not considering the relationship they had built as she had brought him up. 
– 
Mo Xicheng had completely no idea of what had taken place in the Mo family. 
Two days later was 
Ambition 
‘s party. 
There were many reporters invited to the event. Under the arrangement of Mo Xicheng’s manager and with the biggest investor of the show, Shen Liangchuan, who wanted to help Mo Xicheng, the party had been prepared to be really grand. 
Before the party began, there was already an uproar about it. 
On the day itself, the party’s location was bustling. 
Chen Junjie had reached the location really early. He walked around the buffet restaurant in the hotel in high spirits. 
All the junior actors in the area had all rushed up to him to praise him. 
His lips were curved and, before the party even started, he was laughing really happily as he held onto his wine glass. 
A junior actor in the filming crew walked over to get into his good books. “Brother Jie, this party literally feels like it’s being held just for you.” 
Chen Junjie instantly narrowed his eyes and laughed. “You shouldn’t say that. Why would it be held just for me? I’m only the second lead of the movie.” 
That person instantly followed the game. “This movie focuses on the male leads and Mo Xicheng is the lead actor. You know his character too, he usually doesn’t attend these events. So don’t we have to rely on Brother Jie to take the main stage for today’s party?” 
In these kinds of parties, the reporters would definitely interview the male lead. 
But since Mo Xicheng never turned up at such events, this interview and also the chance to appear in front of everyone would definitely belong to Chen Junjie.
###Chapter 1463: He is My Son (36) 
There were many side roles in the movie and they all needed to get the recognition through someone famous. As long as Chen Junjie praised any one of them in the interview or during the promotion later, it would give the actor an opportunity to get known. 
Hence, all the junior actors in the filming crew were surrounding Chen Junjie and praising him. 
Chen Junjie was smiling humbly, but one could see the arrogance in his eyes. “It’s wrong of you to say that. Even if Mo Xicheng isn’t coming, I’m also not the one who is attracting so many sales.” 
That person instantly replied, “Why isn’t it you? Your popularity and fame aren’t things that Mo Xicheng can compare to. You must know that Mo Xicheng entered the industry six to seven years ago. He hasn’t become famous after so long, what does it tell you then? It shows that other than acting, he doesn’t have other abilities. On the other hand, you have become so famous just after you have entered the industry. Now that you’ve been a part of such a great production, you will definitely have a smooth journey in the industry in the future. 
Chen Junjie laughed. “Don’t say that, don’t say that, he’s still a senior actor.” 
“So what if he’s a senior actor? What’s most important are still the sales! You made Ambition a box-office hit.” 
Chen Junjie instantly lowered his head and replied, “But I’m not the main lead.” 
“I wonder how he managed to get the lucky chance to be the main lead. But whoever went to watch this movie has done so because of you. Besides, he has also acted in many productions and almost every one of them were a hit, but look at his popularity, there’s barely nothing.” 
Chen Junjie’s smile was becoming increasingly arrogant. 
At this moment, someone came close to him and asked fawnly, “Brother Jie, have you seen the interview script for later?” 
After he said so, Chen Junjie froze. 
He then realized that he had overlooked a fact: going through the interview script. 
Supposedly, the interviews would usually be prepared beforehand. 
But on the other hand, it made sense. The director of Ambition, Director Wang, was someone who didn’t like to follow the usual routines and traditions. Thus, all his movies do not have the rule of going through the interview script, they were mostly thought on the spot. 
Thus, Chen Junjie’s heart was instantly relieved. 
Mo Xicheng was definitely not going to join these gatherings and the spotlight would undoubtedly be on him tonight. 
As he thought so, he looked at the person who asked him the question and said, “When has the cast of a movie by Director Wang gone through the interview script?” 
That person was instantly stunned and reacted quickly. “Yes, right, when has the cast of a movie by Director Wang gone through the interview script? I made a mistake.” 
Chen Junjie then sneered coldy for a while. iα.＆nbsp;c?
At that moment, someone came over with their phone with the intention of sucking up to Chen Junjie. He showed it to Chen Junjie and said, “Brother Jie, look, your fans are so thoughtful!” 
Chen Junjie lowered his head, looked over and realized that it was his promotion sub-account that had posted something. The post was putting Mo Xicheng down while complimenting Chen Junjie. 
It said: [I really pity my Jie. Some people just don’t care about anything and leave after acting. He’s not even some famous and popular artist, yet he acts as he pleases and does not attend any promotional activities. On the other hand, my Jie is really the rising star of the year. He’s humble and very cooperative in attending any activities. Seeing that he has become skinnier again, he must have been really busy. I’ve heard that at the party tonight, it will once again be my male idol who takes the burden of the event. I just want to say, it’s been hard on you.]
###Chapter 1464: He is My Son (37) 
Chen Junjie saw that under that post, his fans and Mo Xicheng’s fans had already started fighting. 
There was a fan called Pu Yun who was Mo Xicheng’s veteran manager. Recently, she had been really active online and frequently argued with his fans. 
Thus at that moment, Pu Yun instantly rebutted after the Weibo post. 
[Pu Yun: If you’re praising Chen Junjie, you can just praise him. It isn’t that he doesn’t attend promotional events, it’s just that my idol has always been lowkey. Furthermore, it isn’t confirmed that my idol isn’t attending today’s event. Please do not bring up my idol while praising yours. On top of that, attending such events can increase Chen Junjie’s chances of appearing in the public. What is there to brag about? As if he was really professional.] 
Under this comment, Chen Junjie’s fans argued back. 
Chen Junjie saw it and sneered. 
He opened his own sub-account and commented below this comment. 
[So the people who aren’t able to attend the event, even if they wanted to, are considered as lowkey?] 
Pu Yun argued back once again: 
[Pu Yun: What do you mean by that? Furthermore, why are you so sure that Chen Junjie will attend the party tonight? It could be so awkward if Chen Junjie fails to appear. Besides, it’s just an event, why would you have to say that he’s leading it? Aren’t you speaking too highly of him?] 
Chen Junjie’s face turned cold and turned his head to look at his manager. “Find out who this Pu Yun is, I must deal with her.” 
His manager advised him and said, “Those are just online scuffles, there’s no need to bring it into real life. Also, after you attend the event later, you will directly prove her wrong. We’ll see what she has to say then.” 
Chen Junjie couldn’t put away his anger at this matter. He furrowed his brows and sneered. Then, he picked up his phone and snapped a selfie. 
Behind him was the event venue and the picture he took made him look kind of tired. 
After he took the photo, he opened his Weibo and posted it. Alongside with the picture were words that said, [I feel like going home to sleep earlier tonight.] 
Just as he was intending to post it, his manager stopped him. “What are you doing? You seem to be directly answering this Weibo post. If the main person they are interviewing isn’t you tonight, it would be really awkward.” 
Chen Junjie immediately laughed and replied, “Everyone in the industry knows that Mo Xicheng never attends these types of events. And apart from me in the crew, what other male supporting actor can stand out and carry the show? So if they do not interview me tonight, who else can they interview?” 
His reply caught his manager by surprise. 
Chen Junjie instantly pressed SEND. 
After Chen Junjie posted this on Weibo, he changed to his sub-account and continued arguing against Pu Yun. 
[Go and take a look at my male idol’s Weibo! It is so obvious who went to the celebratory party and who didn’t. Chen Junjie is tonight’s main lead!] 
Pu Yun had nothing to retaliate. 
After Chen Junjie sent that comment, he just felt that he had completely won the argument with Pu Yun and then he tidied his tie. 
In the distance, an emcee had announced the start of the party. ?ｎ. 
He then got ready, intending to undergo the interview. 
He coughed and, just when he was about to go up the stage, he heard the emcee announce, “Today, we have the honor of inviting someone that none of you expected. This person hasn’t really attended many publicity events ever since he entered the industry. However, he has been quietly practicing his acting skills and every movie he has acted in has become a classic. Let us give the loudest applause to invite Teacher Mo Xicheng!”
###Chapter 1465: He Is My Son (38) 
As Chen Junjie listened to the introduction, he arrogantly lifted his chin. 
He hadn’t expected that the filming crew would make such flattering remarks about him to raise his popularity. 
However when that last sentence was delivered, he was instantly stumped. 
He sprang onto his feet and almost said aloud, “This is impossible.” 
The attainment of self-cultivation as an actor helped him to maintain his calm. Then he watched dumbstruck as Mo Xicheng walked out of the VIP lounge in his suit and leather shoes. 
He kept a low profile like always, but he emitted a strong aura of someone with substance. He inevitably left an indelible mark in one’s memory. 
In a relaxed posture, he walked up the stage, every movement making him look graceful and elegant. 
The emcee stood on the stage and immediately smiled when he saw Mo Xicheng. After introducing Mo Xicheng, he started introducing Director Wang and then the female lead. 
After the three of them had been introduced, the emcee smiled and said, “And of course, we are very fortunate to have with us at our party tonight a mystery guest. Everyone, make a guess at whom this might be?” 
Everyone was mystified. 
All the male and female leads in the filming crew were present, so who else was there
Could it be the supporting male actor, the new popular young actor Chen Junjie
As the guests made their guesses, the emcee announced, “Let’s welcome our film’s investor, Teacher Shen Liangchuan!” 
When the crowd heard this, the venue started buzzing with excitement. 
Best Actor Shen had come to the party! 
He was actually here! 
Everyone turned simultaneously to look at the VIP lounge. 
The doors were thrown open, but no one appeared. 
The emcee was slightly taken aback and said again loudly, “Let’s welcome our mystery guest, Teacher Shen Liangchuan!” 
A silence fell over the venue. After a moment, they saw someone walking out of the VIP lounge. 
The moment that tall and broad frame with great presence appeared, every pair of eyes was focused on him 
Mo Xicheng had an melancholic aura and a presence that was hard to ignore; but Shen Liangchuan, although his expression was stone cold, was like the sun and naturally drew attention. 
Expressionless, he strode forward and got onto the stage. 
Once on stage, he nodded at the emcee and walked over to sit next to Mo Xicheng. 
While the emcee continued to talk about the accomplishments of the film Ambition, Mo Xicheng whispered to Shen Liangchuan, “Your delayed entrance… I guess Ms. Qiao is in the VIP lounge?” 
In response to the question, Shen Liangchuan threw the man a glance and nodded with cold aloofness. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help shaking his head before continuing, “And you can bring yourself to leave her in there alone?” 
Shen Liangchuan replied in a whisper, “So you better make the interview quick.] 
Mo Xicheng sniggered quietly. 
Shen Liangchuan threw him a few looks and said, “Might I interpret your reaction as one of envy that I have a wife?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
The man turned to look at the narcissistic Shen Liangchuan and said, “I have one too.” 
Shen Liangchuan: ?
Shen Liangchuan raised an eyebrow and forgot to keep his voice down, “When did that happen?” 
Mo Xicheng smiled and said, “Just recently. We registered.” 
Shen Liangchuan was visibly moved by this news and said, “Well, I’ll be damned.”
###Chapter 1466: He Is My Son (39) 
He had first met Mo Xicheng when he joined the show business. The two had hit it off immediately and became friends. 
Later on, Mo Xicheng had played a number of supporting roles in Shen Liangchuan’s movies. 
Shen Liangchuan was the lead and Mo Xicheng, as the supporting actor, had to tone down so as to not steal the lead’s thunder. But the fact was that they were pretty much on par in terms of capabilities, and Shen Liangchuan knew that someone like Mo Xicheng had greater potential than himself to make it big, if the man really wanted to. 
Hence, Shen Liangchuan had always found Mo Xicheng’s situation regrettable. 
In fact, he had shortened his holiday with Qiao Lian at the Qinhuangdao when he heard that Mo Xicheng was coming for the event. He had come back to Beijing with Qiao Lian to attend this event and support Mo Xicheng. 
He was looking forward with great anticipation to his friend’s success, who had been suppressing himself all along, now that the man had broken out of his shell. 
He looked forward to seeing the man take on lead roles and make more good films. 
What he hadn’t expected though was to be met with even greater news. 
Mo Xicheng was like a man suddenly enlightened. To think that he had secretly registered his marriage with Shi Nianyao. 
This was a great and pleasant surprise. 
Shen Liangchuan’s eyes lit up as he opened his mouth to speak, but suddenly, they heard movements below the stage. 
The two paused and turned to look. Then they realized that their conversation had been caught on camera and projected onto the large screen. 
And now, as Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze on the large screen, he saw his own expression of surprise. It had been recorded. 
At once, the crowd broke out in laughter. 
The emcee couldn’t help laughing. Looking at Shen Liangchuan and Mo Xicheng, he asked, “Teacher Shen, Teacher Mo, you seemed to be having a very enjoyable conversation just now, we wonder what you were talking about.” 
Shen Liangchuan threw the emcee a look of indifference and said, “Uh huh, he saw me and said that I’ve become better-looking.” 
“Hahahaha!” 
Shen Liangchuan said this with a straight face and it endeared him to the crowd. Even the emcee couldn’t help but laugh. 
Mo Xicheng simply looked at the stone cold Shen Liangchuan and shook his head helplessly. 
The emcee couldn’t help probing further with a smile. “So what was your answer to that? Do you feel that Teacher Mo has become better-looking too?” 
Shen Liangchuan paused for a moment and then said, “I told him I’m a married man.” 
At once, the crowd responded and burst out in laughter. 
After Mo Xicheng had praised the man for getting more handsome, Shen Liangchuan had immediately explained that he was a married man—he was into women. The unspoken was up to everyone’s imagination. 
There had once been news about Mo Xicheng and Shen Liangchuan going out for late night drinks and returning to the villa together. With this ambiguous comment, the reporters among the crowd at once exchanged looks with each other. It had set off an explosive reaction. 
Although they knew that this conversation between the two men had been intended as a joke, the two of them sitting next to each other did soon enough make them look like a couple. 
In such times, when you have the fujoshi[1] who would love such a fantasy, these things became a trending topic. 
Even though Shen Liangchuan was joking, the reality was that it created talking points and discussion topics for Mo Xicheng. 
Once a person became a trending topic, he wouldn’t have to worry about visibility. 
Of course Mo Xicheng knew Shen Liangchuan’s intentions. Hence, this warmed his heart and he gave a smile. 
The thing that Shen Liangchuan hated the most was to be marketed, especially to be marketed under contract. But now for his sake, the man was willing to stir some gossip. 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down. 
[1] Women who enjoys fictional gay content
###Chapter 1467: He Is My Son (40) 
When he had been in low spirits, all his friends had been nervous for him. 
But now he had finally got back up and into the ring. These friends would help him unreservedly. 
So how could he not succeed? How could he let these friends down
Mo Xicheng told himself this quietly. This time he would no longer soften. Even though he would owe Li Shu an explanation, he would not let his loved one suffer any grievance. 
Both Shen Liangchuan and Mo Xicheng were, after all, not people who liked to make the news. Hence, they didn’t dwell on this topic and moved into the topic of the film. 
Director Wang talked about the content of this film candidly, about what he was trying to achieve. The crowd started to grow drowsy listening to such a philosophical conversation. Finally, when he had finished, the emcee looked at Mo Xicheng and asked, “Teacher Mo, you didn’t like joining these events, but this time you’ve made an appearance. Why?” 
Mo Xicheng smiled when he heard this question and lifted his gaze towards the camera. 
This whole interview was on livestream. 
Right now, he could be seen by the whole nation. 
Chen Junjie was watching from below the stage and online, Pu Yun was also looking at him. 
Since Mo Xicheng had appeared, Chen Junjie had felt like he had been slapped in the face multiple times. 
In his Weibo, there were already a number of sarcastic and mocking remarks. 
Right now as the emcee asked this question, everyone turned simultaneously to look at the young man. 
Looking straight at the screen, he said after a pause, “It’s because of my friends and fans. I hope that from now on, they will not be unfairly treated because of me.” 
His reply immediately caused a commotion in the venue. 
No one had thought that he would actually make such a remark. i?r. m
Everyone thought that he wouldd attribute the reason to the film crew, or the film. 
Upon hearing this, Pu Yun, who was watching the livestream, started to cry instantly. 
No one could have known that she would be the most deeply touched. 
She had put all her heart and soul into following this celebrity. For many years, she had seen him going nowhere even though time and again, his films and series had made it big. Every single time that he had almost become popular, he would somehow fade into the background again… and she would lose hope. But eventually, she had learnt to understand and accommodate the fact the celebrity she loved was different from the others. The celebrity she loved was only interested in acting. He had no other desires. 
She had watched him quietly until that time in the cinema, when they were made to feel inferior. 
Her idol had finally stood his ground, he had finally stopped suffering. 
– 
The emcee did not dwell on this, but started to ask questions related to the film. When Mo Xicheng was asked about who were the best actors in the crew, Chen Junjie’s face immediately looked expectant. 
As the supporting actor, surely he would have a place even though Mo Xicheng had turned up. 
At this point, as long as he was mentioned by Mo Xicheng or Director Wang, he would be able to get up on the stage and gain some exposure. 
He was sure that Mo Xicheng would call for him. If he didn’t, everyone would say at once that the man was trying to suppress him. 
Hence, he was all ready to get up on that stage. 
Standing on stage, Mo Xicheng’s gaze fell on the crowd when he heard the emcee’s question. When he saw Chen Junjie, his lips turned up ever so slightly to form a smile. A crafty twinkle lit up his eyes.
###Chapter 1468: He is My Son (41) 
Whatever Chen Junjie knew, Mo Xicheng definitely knew it better. 
Before going onto the stage, his manager had already told him about the problem. 
There was a fuss online by Chen Junjie’s fans, who had all claimed that Mo Xicheng had stolen Chen Junjie’s position as the male lead. If Mo Xicheng chose not to take him along for the promotional events, Director Wang would actually agree with him—however, it would prove the point that Mo Xicheng was bringing him down. 
All the artists in the industry knew that even if they didn’t get along well, they had to pretend they got along in front of the public. 
His manager had said, “It’s never too late to take your revenge. Also, he’s just young blood, you shouldn’t bother picking a fight with him. He’s depending on his looks, while you depend on your acting skills. Everyone can tell who will reach higher in this industry. Besides, we will have many chances to take revenge in the future. If you bother with him now, you are obviously lowering yourself. Look at the differences in your statuses. So today, you shouldn’t do anything that could make the fans gossip, or the news might say you’re bringing a newbie down.” 
Therefore no matter what, he had to introduce Chen Junjie, but… did Chen Junjie think that he would stand still
As Mo Xicheng thought so, he lowered his lids and said, “Yes, the male supporting actor in our filming crew, Chen Junjie, performed really well. His acting skills have also improved a lot and our female supporting actor…” 
Whenever he spoke of a person, the emcee would invite the person to the stage. 
Thus, both Chen Junjie and the female supporting actor were on the stage. 
After Chen Junjie was on the stage, he immediately greeted the reporters. He looked really humble and everyone was instantly laughing cheerfully. After the emcee asked him some questions, he asked him to stand beside Mo Xicheng. 
Chen Junjie was smiling and he even greeted Mo Xicheng. “Hello, Brother Cheng. We’ve met once again.” 
He greeted him really sincerely, but he had sent a provoking gaze to Mo Xicheng. As he was facing the audience sideways, no one got to see that emotion in his gaze. . om
Chen Junjie’s attitude was really obvious: So what if you don’t like me? Don’t you still have to introduce me and invite me on stage
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and held out his hand to him- “Hi.” 
After both of them briefly shook hands, Mo Xicheng turned his head to look at Shen Liangchuan and allowed him to accept questions from the reporters. 
Someone asked, “Chen Junjie, the internet is saying that you and Teacher Mo did not get along during the filming, is this true?” 
After the reporter said so, Chen Junjie instantly smiled and his smile was really bashful. “No, I’m on really good terms with Teacher Mo. Teacher Mo has pretty good acting skills, we often exchange tips and act with one another. Isn’t it, Teacher Mo?” 
After Mo Xicheng heard his words, he raised an eyebrow, walked two steps towards him and raised his head. 
The reporters hurriedly picked up their cameras and started snapping pictures of them. 
Mo Xicheng suddenly smiled at the camera and said, “It is so if you say so.” 
His words neither agreed nor disagreed with what Chen Junjie had said. His reply was unclear. 
How dare Chen Junjie want to exchange acting tips with him when he was such a bad actor? He really thought too highly of himself. 
But no one noticed the sarcasm in his words, as he had mesmerized the audience the instant he had smiled. 
All the reporters were instantly stunned. 
Following this, they immediately continued taking pictures. 
Chen Junjie, who was standing on the stage, didn’t understand what had happened and instantly got more arrogant after seeing how cooperative he was.
###Chapter 1469: He is My Son (42) 
Next were the questions by the emcee. Chen Junjie kept trying to snatch the chance to answer the questions, so as to prove his good relationship with Mo Xicheng and also riding on his popularity. 
In that interview, Chen Junjie took up almost one third of the whole interview time, using his ability to speak and wit. 
After the interview segment of the party was over, the official banquet started. 
Chen Junjie walked down the stage. He was really proud of his performance on stage. He felt that he had really been amazing. 
When he walked down the stage and towards the venue, Shen Liangchuan took the lead as the investor, followed by the director, then the male lead, female lead, the male supporting actor and female supporting actress. 
But as Mo Xicheng was pretty gentlemanly, he followed the rule of ladies first and let the female lead walk before him. 
Thus, Mo Xicheng was right in front of Chen Junjie as they walked off the stage. 
Just as Mo Xicheng was intending to walk to the venue, Chen Junjie suddenly called him, “Brother Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng stopped in his tracks and turned around. He then saw Chen Junjie arrogantly take a step forward, smile and say, “Brother Mo, you cannot always be this quiet. Look at the interview tonight, it was completely just me alone speaking. Also… it’s really tiring. But I have realized that Brother Mo didn’t participate in such events before, so you were lost about what you were supposed to do, right? It’s alright, after you attend these events a few more times, you’ll be experienced.” 
The bashfulness in his words was such a joke. 
Mo Xicheng took a glance at him and suddenly curved his lips. He remained silent and just left. 
Chen Junjie didn’t know why, but he saw contempt in Mo Xicheng’s gaze. 
But contempt
He must have seen wrongly. 
During the interview just now, he had taken all the limelight. Mo Xicheng had to be really furious right now. 
This had to be the case, so he was speechless. 
Chen Junjie sneered and then saw his manager stride in. 
Chen Junjie was instantly excited as he grabbed his manager’s hand and sneered, “Did you see that?Mo Xicheng was just a complete block of wood. He didn’t even really speak, I basically carried the whole interview. Hmpf, a person like him wants to be famous? What a joke!” 
After he finished speaking, he gave a nonchalant look. 
But when he turned his head, he saw that his manager was livid. 
Chen Junjie furrowed his brows and asked, “What’s wrong? Can’t you just speak your mind?” 
His manager had led quite a few artists and Chen Junjie was the most famous one amongst all of them. Thus, his manager had been really tolerant with him recently. ?n?. om
But now, his manager was furious. “Speak my mind? Say what? Say that you’re a clown?!” 
His look made Chen Junjie furious as well. He just pointed at his manager and scolded him, “Who are you calling a clown? What do you mean?! Do you know who exactly you’re talking to now?! Let me tell you, my contract is about to end. It’s a good question if I still want you, don’t think that you are very powerful!” 
His manager was so angry his finger was trembling. He was so angry he was speechless. 
After a while, he said, “Go look at your own Weibo!! You’re going to kill yourself one day.” 
His sentence shocked Chen Junjie. He picked up his phone with confusion and opened Weibo.
###Chapter 1470: He Is My Son (43) 
Chen Junjie went into his Weibo page and took a glance. He saw that nothing much had happened. 
Nothing was seemingly different, so he frowned and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
“Look at the filming crew’s official blog.” 
Chen Junjie went into the filming crew’s official blog and saw a short video of the interview they had just done today. 
The man had no patience to look at his own interview, so he went directly to the comments section. He noticed the comments were all similar, along the lines of “hehe,” “haha” and the likes. They seemed to be rather sarcastic. red. 
Frowning, he asked, “What’s this all about?” 
It all sounded quite wrong. 
The manager said angrily, “Watch the video!” 
Chen Junjie clicked on the video. 
The video showed him answering all sorts of questions by the emcee. Sometimes the questions were directed at Mo Xicheng, but he intercepted him to answer. 
The fact was that Mo Xicheng was less articulate and wouldn’t normally make public appearances, so it was usual for him to speak less. On the other hand, Chen Junjie had a pretty boy image so it seemed natural for him to have more to say. 
If this scenario had taken place anywhere else, everything would have looked quite natural. 
But given that this had happened between Chen Junjie and Mo Xicheng, and even Shen Liangchuan was present… 
The long shot captured all three of them sitting on stage. 
If one looked at Chen Junjie alone, he was a dashing man. He had an underlying pretty boy image that was all the rage at the moment, a pale and innocent-looking face. It was usually not a problem for him to be featured in interviews. 
But alas! 
He had not been up against the normal stars in today’s event. 
It wasn’t by accident that Shen Liangchuan had risen to become the nation’s Best Actor. With features that seemed carved by heavenly craftsmen, Chen Junjie was like a star next to the sun when he stood side by side Shen Liangchuan—with an immediate outshining brightness. 
The only person who could stand next to Shen Liangchuan and still hold his own was Mo Xicheng. 
Both of them came from wealthy families. Shen Liangchuan’s childhood had been full of luxury and with that, he seemed naturally distinguished. Anyone looking at him could sense that he was like a lofty prince. 
Concerning Mo Xicheng, although he was an illegitimate child, the lady of the household was Li Shu and he had grown up under the care of a wealthy family, so there was an inevitable class about him. 
With the two of them there, they already owned the situation. Their presence was so huge no one could miss it. 
Standing there between them, Chen Junjie greatly contrasted with them. 
Quickly answering every question from the emcee, whether directed at him or otherwise, not only had he not displayed an ounce of wit, on the contrary, he had looked like a flatterer and a clown. 
His pupils shrank when he watched the video. 
Now, they had released a picture of the filming crew at the party. 
It was the picture of everyone on stage, taken at the end of the segment. 
Chen Junjie was in his branded black suit, but because the other two men were 1.80 m high and slightly towering over Chen Junjie, in addition to their aura, this made Chen Junjie look like their little sidekick. 
Comments flooded in and there were even vivid descriptions of what their relationship looked like in the picture. 
[Why does this feel like, if Mo Xicheng and Best Actor Shen were young masters in old times, then this whats-his-name Chen Junjie would be the little footboy following them around?] 
[Argghh, I usually thought Chen Junjie was OK, but standing next to these two men, he’s got no class.]
###Chapter 1471: He Is My Son (44) 
[Why haven’t I noticed before that Mo Xicheng is this dashing? He doesn’t even pale next to Best Actor Shen. Whereas Chen Junjie is less dashing than I had imagined. He can’t hold a candle against Best Actor Shen.] 
[I’ve just realized that Mo Xicheng is very dashing. Aaahhh! Standing next to Best Actor Shen, they completely look like a couple.] 
All the comments were in Mo Xicheng’s favour, which felt like slaps on Chen Junjie’s face. The man both paled and reddened in anger. 
He could not have imagined that what he had just been so proud about had been but a joke to others. 
He clenched his fists in fury and looked at the manager, saying, “They- they are too much! I’m not that bad as they say. Am I?!” 
He waited for an answer from the manager. Upon hearing this, the manager sighed and said, “Now you see the gap between yourself and them, so don’t overestimate yourself in the future. Mo Xicheng is not just anyone. You can tell from his innate style.” 
Chen Junjie gritted his teeth and said, “What’s the big deal about him? He’s a mere illegitimate son of a wealthy family. If he really had that, he wouldn’t have been in show business for so many years and not made it big.” 
The manager gave a frosty laugh and said, “If you’re not going to heed my advice, then I can’t do more for you. But have a look in your Weibo and note the number of people who unfollowed you in the time you were on stage. Don’t go thinking I’m crying wolf. I’m warning you, if you continue being like this, I won’t be able to be your manager.” 
The manager had finally seen the truth of the situation today. Mo Xicheng’s background aside, the fact that Best Actor Shen was here to lend him support was an indication of the man’s promising future. 
But Chen Junjie, with his death wish, had charged ahead foolishly. 
Everything else aside, Shen Liangchuan alone could destroy the man’s career in show business with almost no effort. 
So if he had a death wish, the manager wasn’t about to get himself involved. 
After the manager told him this, he turned around and walked away, leaving Chen Junjie standing there alone with clenched fists. 
He wasn’t going to give in. 
– 
“Woah, this picture, this is simply too dashing.” 
Qiao Lian and Shi Nianyao were huddled up in the VIP lounge, their heads bent over and touching. They were looking intently at the official website too. 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help herself from adding, “My Best Actor Shen is so dashing he looks good in any photo.” 
Shi Nianyao immediately retorted, “My idol is the most handsome!” 
“My Best Actor Shen is the most dashing!” Qiao Lian protested. 
Shi Nianyao argued, “My idol is the most dashing, actually.” 
“Best Actor Shen is the most dashing.” 
“My idol is the most dashing.” 
Qiao Lian opened her mouth to continue arguing when, with a wave of her hand, Shi Nianyao decided, “Forget it, since you’re pregnant, I’m obliged to admit that both of them are dashing!” 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help but laugh at the argument they were having. 
Putting her cell phone aside, Shi Nianyao asked, “How many months now?” 
“Three months,” Qiao Lian answered. 
“So you’ll give birth in six months?” 
Qiao Lian nodded with a look of complete bliss. “Yes, we’re about to welcome a new life to our home.” 
Shi Nianyao was envious at once and said, “I’m so envious. I want a child too!” 
Curiously, she asked, “Are you expecting a boy or a girl?
###Chapter 1472: He Is My Son (45) 
Qiao Lian lowered her head as she looked tenderly at her abdomen. Although her pregnancy was not obvious, she could already feel the tiny life that was there. 
Qiao Lian used to have a rather random approach to things, but ever since she was pregnant, she had developed a certain steadiness and calmness. She had a maternal radiance about her as she said, “I’m not sure.” 
Shi Nianyao asked again, “Why don’t you have it checked?” 
Laughing, the woman replied, “Just to keep the mystery. Because either way, I will love the child. Also, Shen Liangchuan and I have placed bets.” 
Surprised, Shi Nianyao asked, “What sort of bet?” 
Biting her lip, Qiao Lian smiled tenderly. “A bet on whether the child’s a girl or a boy. I want a son, he wants a daughter.” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes lit up as she sneakily asked, “Then if it’s a boy, what will be his penalty? And if it’s a girl, what will you have to do?” 
Qiao Lian blushed at this question. 
She couldn’t help flushing upon recalling the bet they had made. 
Noticing her response, Shi Nianyao burst out laughing and said, “Hahaha, the content must be censored. You have to tell me.” 
Qiao Lian: … 
“It’s nothing much. Oh, how old are you anyway, to be wanting a child?” 
Shi Nianyao persisted, “Don’t you change the subject, tell me what your stakes are.” 
Qiao Lian could only lean over and whisper something into her ears. 
After Shi Nianyao heard what the other woman had said, she clutched her own face and giggled uncontrollably, saying, “You dirty couple!” 
Qiao Lian rolled her eyes. 
Since they had gotten married, their relationship had been sweet and intimate and they had been a lot more open with each other. 
She gave Shi Nianyao a little shove upon seeing her reaction. “You act as though you and your male idol Mo have never done this. What are you so coy about? Out with it, how are things with the two of you?” 
Shi Nianyao said in a well-behaved manner, “Apart from that final act, we’ve done everything else.” 
Qiao Lian said, “Haven’t the two of you registered your marriage? Why haven’t you slept together?!” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
“Can’t you speak more subtly?” 
Qiao Lian responded, “What’s subtlety? Is it tasty?” 
Shi Nianyao responded, “Fine. So our Qiao Lian is a lot more open with her jokes nowadays.” 
Her face was burning by now and she continued, “Alright, already, let’s not talk about me. What have you and Best Actor Shen been up to recently?” 
Immediately, a blissful smile broke across Qiao Lian’s face as she replied, “The national tournament is starting soon. Both of us are discussing team strategies.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Obviously, they had been hiding away in honeymoon bliss, yet now she came up with this excuse
She looked at Qiao Lian with disdain and rolled her eyes. Then shifted her gaze as she spotted the two men walking towards them. 
She immediately rested her chin on her hands and put on a devoted and dazzled expression as she said, “Oh, how handsome and dashing my idol is!” 
Qiao Lian: … 
Shi Nianyao stared at Mo Xicheng as he came closer with Shen Liangchuan and continued to humor them, now tilting her head to the side. 
At this point, her cell phone rang. 
She looked down at the screen. It was Pu Yun and the girl had sent a link with the message: [Sharing something good with you!]
###Chapter 1473: He Is My Son (46) 
Pu Yun’s second message quickly followed: [Hurry up and look at this. Fanfictions of Shen Liangchuan and our idol being a gay couple. Everyone’s making guesses at who’s top and who’s bottom. I love these short stories! Hahaha!] 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Shi Nianyao suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. 
“What’s the matter?” 
Hearing Qiao Lian’s voice, she decided she wasn’t going to keep this discomfort to herself. Hence with a smile, she leaned over towards Qiao Lian and showed her the content. “Look at this. Everyone’s trying to guess what’s going on between our husbands, and between the two men, who’s the bottom party and who’s the top party.” 
Qiao Lian was flabbergasted. 
She lowered her head, held up the cell phone and read Pu Yun’s messages. 
Upon clicking through the links, she saw imaginative stories of tortured love and romance. 
The stories claimed that the two men had always been in love and it was for this reason that Mo Xicheng had always kept a low profile. It had been in fear that any scandals may affect Shen Liangchuan negatively. 
Now, Shen Liangchuan had gotten married because of Mo Xicheng’s acting career. He had gotten married to stop the gossip, so that Mo Xicheng could focus on developing his career fully, having suppressed it for so many years. Nothing was holding him back from making it big now. 
The story had it that initially, Mo Xicheng had held back in various ways for the sake of Shen Liangchuan. Later on, he had become Shen Liangchuan’s Best Man for his wedding. At the wedding, when the priest had asked if anyone had any ions… 
Mo Xicheng had softly said he ed. 
Then he had cried and sadly left the wedding. 
The conclusion was: “So what if I got everything in the world of show business? I lost you.” 
The melodramatic stories drew an overwhelming response in the comments section, with the fans both praising and crying over the stories. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Qiao Lian: … 
These fans were amazingly imaginative. 
But… 
How could Shen Liangchuan and Mo Xicheng be a couple when both their spouses were right here
Qiao Lian and Shi Nianyao humphed and exchanged a silent look. 
Then Shi Nianyao rubbed her chin and said, “It looks like we should separate them in the future.” 
Qiao Lian nodded in agreement and then looked in the direction of the two men. Both were beautifully handsome, the women looked at them as though they were conquerors. She suddenly laughed and said, “But these fanfictions are quite interesting for a read.” 
Shi Nianyao stuck her tongue out at Qiao Lian. 
– 
At the other side of the party, Shen Liangchuan and Mo Xicheng were chatting. 
They looked at Shi Nianyao and Qiao Lian from afar and saw that the two girls were chatting happily. Hence, they found a sofa and sat down. 
Looking at Mo Xicheng, Shen Liangchuan asked, “How are things lately? I hear you’ve gone back to the Mo family home?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and replied, “I’ve received 30 percent of the family business shares.” 
Shen Liangchuan did not question this since he didn’t feel there was anything wrong with Mo Xicheng taking the shares. However, he said, “Surely Mo Zhi is not going to just accept this. If you need any help, you only need to ask.” 
Mo Xicheng acknowledged this as Shen Liangchuan continued, “How much do you understand of the ins and outs of the Mo family enterprise?” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “Not much actually, but I know that in recent years they had been trying to establish a TV and filming chain, from film investments to movie theaters, developing these along the same line.”
###Chapter 1474: He Is My Son (47) 
Sitting on the sofa, there was a hint of melancholy in Mo Xicheng’s eyes. But overall, he was still quite different from the lifeless person he had once been. Although he was still gloomy and distant, there was a wild ambition within—an inexplicable enthusiasm. 
After saying those words, he continued, “I’ve just stepped into the business and have been given the task of managing investments. Actually, I have my eyes set on a new film.” 
Upon hearing this, Shen Liangchuan asked, “What movie?” 
“A sequel of Ambition.” 
Shen Liangchuan couldn’t help but laugh aloud. 
The recent film Ambition was actually rather depressing. Cao Cao was slandered and, from being a righteous person, he slowly became someone that had to adapt and fit into the society. 
The film being screened currently was only the prequel. The real story of Ambition would be the events that took place after Cao Cao betrayed the dynasty. 
Hence, Director Wang would film a sequel for sure. 
Given the success of the prequel, in addition to Mo Xicheng breaking out of his shell now, there was little doubt that he would be chosen as the male lead in the sequel. 
Director Wang’s position and status meant that countless people in the circle would be eager to invest in him. Hence, he had never lacked money. If it weren’t for the fact that Mo Xicheng was the male lead, it wouldn’t have even been possible for the Mo family enterprise to come in as an investor. 
The moment Mo Xicheng said this, Shen Liangchuan laughed and remarked, “We’re thinking the same.” 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow and asked, “You are thinking of investing as well?” 
The man nodded and said, “The script for the sequel of Ambition is out. I think it was given to your manager. When I read it, I thought it was very interesting. So I can foresee that investing in this film will definitely be a profitable venture.” 
“That’s right.” Mo Xicheng nodded. 
Shen Liangchuan continued, “So let’s make Director Wang happy with a few drinks later, and the matter can be easily settled.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded again. 
As they sat there, the two men discussed this. 
After the discussion, they headed over to Director Wang and, in the midst of laughter and idle chat, sealed the deal. 
– 
The party came to an end quickly. 
Because Qiao Lian was pregnant, she and Shen Liangchuan had to leave the event before she got too tired. 
As the male lead, Mo Xicheng had to stay till the end. 
After everyone had left the party, Mo Xicheng took Shi Nianyao home. 
On the way, Shi Nianyao kept turning to look at Mo Xicheng. 
Upon realizing this, he smiled and asked, “What are you looking at?” 
“Looking at my handsome husband!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng shook his head. Shi Nianyao continued, “Idol, I have a question for you but you have to answer this seriously.” 
Mo Xicheng agreed and said, “Go ahead.” 
She looked at him intently and asked, “Do you feel that Shen Liangchuan is handsome?” 
What? What sort of question was that
The man frowned and looked at Shi Nianyao provocatively. 
Shi Nianyao cleared her throat and then lowered her head. 
Mo Xicheng finally answered, “Uh huh, he’s alright.” 
Between men, it wasn’t as though they cared about superficial appearance. 
Shi Nianyao looked up as though in shock. She exclaimed, “You- you were single, without a girlfriend, for many years. Idol, did- did you really like Best Actor Shen?” 
Mo Xicheng: …! 
His expression darkened as he asked her, “Has your period ended?” 
She nodded blankly. 
He said, “That’s good then.” 
Shi Nianyao: …?
“Tonight, I’ll make it clear to you if I actually prefer men or women.” 
Shi Nianyao: …!!
###Chapter 1475: He Is My Son (48) 
Shi Nianyao looked at Mo Xicheng and had a fright. He looked like he was ready to devour her. She lowered her head immediately and did not speak another word. 
She cleared her throat and looked ahead awkwardly. 
This talk had got to stop. 
She quickly changed the topic and said, “Chen Junjie completely made himself a fool next to you and Best Actor Shen today. You have no idea, everyone on the internet is saying that Chen Junjie is a real clown.” 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow and replied, “Uh huh. That’s why it’s only people like him who may be interested in other men.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
There was no way out of this topic
She blinked and turned to Mo Xicheng. “You can’t blame me really, I’m not the only one thinking that.” 
He threw a glance at her as she quickly pointed ahead and exclaimed, “Watch the road, stop looking at me. Look out for the cars!” 
Mo Xicheng could sense that she was nervous, hence he turned and looked ahead again. He asked her calmly, “Where are we going now?” 
She blinked again and blushed at once. Then she replied, “We’ll- we’ll just go wherever you say we should go.” 
The man threw a sidelong glance at her when he heard this. He couldn’t resist teasing her, “I’ll take you home then, I’m sure your elder brother is waiting for you.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She had thought it was going to be a night of passion. But after all that, he was just going to take her home
She twitched her mouth and couldn’t help looking down in disappointment. She had even pulled a clever little trick and told her brother that she was having her period. The implications were quite clear. Hence, her brother had relaxed somewhat and allowed her to stay out for the night. But now… Mo Xicheng was certainly too disappointing! 
At once, she was full of lament and sighed in despair, but on the other hand, she couldn’t possibly make a show of how much she was hoping to spend the night with him. She could only nod and say, “Ok.” 
He glanced at her and asked, “So who else besides you thinks there’s something going on between Shen Liangchuan and I?” 
She tightened her lips together immediately and said, “I can’t tell you that!” 
He looked ahead again and said, “It must be Qiao Lian?” 
“How did you know?” the girl asked. 
“Well, I didn’t,” the man thought. “But now I do.” 
He replied, “Who else would be so senseless?” 
She retorted, “There are loads of senseless people on the internet. And loads of them have been writing fanfictions based on the two of you as a couple! Qiao Lian and I even read one today that was quite well-written.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
He shook his head helplessly as he drove. 
As they did so, Shi Nianyao began to feel that something was wrong. She turned to him with great surprise and said, “This is not the way to my brother’s house!” 
He couldn’t resist smiling as he said, “Uh huh.” 
She asked at once, “Where are you taking me?” 
“I’m going to take you by force and kill you after that.” 
“What a lame joke,” the girl thought. “His jokes are so corny.” 
She forced a laugh, turned to him awkwardly and said, “Mo Xicheng.” 
“Uh-huh?” 
“May I tell you that your joke is not even funny?” 
“… No.” i. co
“Ok.” 
He stared ahead with a serious expression, although there was amusement in his eyes. He paused and then said, “But you can tell it to me in bed.” 
Shi Nianyao: …
###Chapter 1476: He Is My Son (49) 
Shi Nianyao was completely dumbfounded. 
Why was it so impossible to respond to the way her idol talked
She cleared her throat and then continued, “Ahem! Mo Xicheng, what birthday present would you like?” 
He gave her a look and replied, “You really don’t know what I want?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She suddenly felt that it was impossible to have a conversation with the man today. 
This guy was just being silly, it was a nightmare to manage him right now. 
In the past, before she had had the chance to interact with him, she had always felt that he was too melancholic and gloomy. But having interacted with him now, she had discovered that the man was simply… 
She tried to find the right word to describe him, but nothing seemed appropriate. 
She couldn’t call him a pervert. After all, they had gotten married. Mo Xicheng had always teased her with words but in reality, he had never done much to her. 
Thinking of it, the both of them had been secretly married for some time now. Apart from getting themselves registered, they had not done much in reality. 
Tonight… 
The moment she thought of what would happen at night, her eyes lit up and she couldn’t help but feel the excitement. 
As she bit her lip and lost herself in those thoughts, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She looked down at the screen. It was her mom. Picking up immediately, she had said right after, “Hello.” She heard her mother’s voice. “Yao Yao, your dad and I are in Beijing. Don’t stay at your brother’s apartment. Come home. I’ve got lots of presents for you.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She wanted to ask if she could stay out for the night. 
But neglecting her parents to be with Mo Xicheng seemed too unfilial. 
Besides, her father would surely come and take her away. 
Hence, she pulled a long face. 
She turned and looked at Mo Xicheng. He paused for a moment and then quietly made an about-turn. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She hung up and looked at him. “Idol, I- no, I mean they—” 
Before she could finish, Mo Xicheng interrupted, “Aunty and Uncle have to be attended now. We have time ahead of us. No hurry.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded immediately. 
The fact was that if only they could announce their relationship, they could be together openly. 
Mo Xicheng took Shi Nianyao to her family home. She looked at him and asked, “Would you like to come in for a bit?” 
He paused for a moment and then said, “No, Aunty and Uncle haven’t been here for some time and I’m sure they have lots to talk about with you.” 
Shi Nianyao pondered briefly and nodded. 
After saying goodbye to Mo Xicheng, she lightly skipped back into the villa. 
Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan were already home and unpacking. 
When Shi Nianyao walked in, she saw that her elder brother Shi Xun was there too, with his wife and Little Cherry. She greeted everyone and sat by the side. 
Shi Xun threw her a glance and then said, “Dad, Mum, something happened but fortunately it didn’t turn into a disaster. Still, I should tell you about it.” 
Shi Nianyao’s head snapped up when she heard this. Shi Xun continued, “A few nights ago Yao Lili was hospitalized. She asked to see Nianyao. Mom, Li Shu from the Mo family is your best friend. What do you think of this?”
###Chapter 1477: He Is My Son (50) 
Shi Xun had not taken any actions against the Mo family for a few reasons. One was because of Mo Xicheng, the other was because of Si Jingyu and Li Shu’s relationship. 
After all, Mo Zhi was Li Shu’s son. Shi Xun wanted to hear Li Shu’s opinion on the matter. 
Now that he had told them about this, Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
She had thought that the matter was water under the bridge. She would have never expected that her elder brother would bring it up again today. 
She looked at Shi Jinyan nervously. He gave a frosty smirk and said, “I don’t know how Mo Zhi got the gall to do that. He even dared hit you.” 
That last sentence was obviously directed at Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao said with a wave of her hand, “No, Dad, I—” 
Before she could finish, Shi Jinyan looked at Shi Xun and interrupted, “And you? You just found out that your sister got attacked and did nothing?” 
Shi Xun sighed and said, “That’s because Mo Xicheng got entangled in this. He said that he wanted to personally take revenge for this matter.” 
“And so?” 
“And so to avoid the responsibility, the Mo family gave Mo Xicheng 30 percent of their family business shares. These shares are actually their way of apologizing to Nianyao.” 
There was another icy smirk from Shi Jinyan as he said, “And 30 percent of their shares means a lot to you?” 
Shi Xun had expected this reaction from Shi Jinyan and could only sigh helplessly. He replied, “Dad, it doesn’t mean much to me, but I wasn’t sure that if I had dealt with Mo Zhi, Li Shu might have come looking for Mom. So I’ve waited till now, for the both of you to be back, to make a decision. I’ll do whatever you say. Mo Zhi will always be there, he won’t disappear either way.” 
Shi Jinyan gave an icy humph and seemed satisfied with the answer. 
Shi Xun then looked at Shi Nianyao and asked, “Yao Yao, what do you think?” 
Upon hearing this, she immediately said, “That man has a death wish, to think he even dared to scheme against me! So for sure, Mo Zhi has to be dealt with. But as to how and to what extent, we might need to discuss.” 
Shi Jinyan nodded and asked, “How do we deal with him?” 
“The way I see it, there’s no one Mo Zhi hates more than my idol, so leave the matter to my idol. I’m sure the outcome will be effective. Even if the man doesn’t die from the punishment, he’ll be disgusted to death.” 
Everyone: … 
Shi Jinyan looked at her resentfully and said, “You’re speaking up for that Mo Xicheng?” 
Shi Nianyao hung her head upon hearing this remark and said, “It’s not that, I—” 
“Then what is it?” 
She lifted her gaze and looked at Shi Jinyan steadily. Then she said, “I trust him. And I believe that he will not let off easily someone who has almost taken advantage of me.” 
Shi Jinyan: … 
Shi Nianyao continued firmly, “So Mom, Dad, Big Brother, I hope you will listen to me once and leave the matter in my idol’s hands. He will not let anyone who has harassed me off, please believe at least this!” 
The room fell silent after she had said this. 
After a while, Shi Jinyan asked, “You have chosen this man?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded immediately. 
Shi Jinyan frowned and looked at Si Jingyu. 
She sighed and said, “I’ll go and have a chat with Li Shu tomorrow.” re?. o
Shi Nianyao sighed in relief that this problem had finally been discussed. The family went on to chat about some other things till it was late and everyone got ready to go to bed. 
Shi Nianyao yawned and prepared to head upstairs when she heard Si Jingyu asked her elder brother, “Shi Xun, where’s our household registration booklet?”
###Chapter 1478: He Is My Son (51) in?α. C?
When Shi Nianyao heard this, her legs nearly gave way and she almost fell. 
She straightened her posture at once as she looked down at them from halfway up the stairs. Shi Xun was looking at Si Jingyu with a puzzled expression and asking, “Mom, what’s the matter?” 
Si Jingyu replied, “I have no idea where I placed our household registration booklet. I need to get a visa tomorrow and will need the household registration booklet for that.” 
Shi Xun shook his head and said, “We keep separate household registration booklets, how would I know where you might have placed yours?” 
Si Jingyu was mystified. “That’s strange. I was quite sure I placed ours in the study. Why has it disappeared?” 
Shi Xun immediately said, “Mom, you must remember wrong.” 
“Not possible. I saw it there a few times.” 
Shi Xun was puzzled too now and continued, “Where could it have gone?” 
Si Jingyu sighed and said, “Nevermind then. Since you’re not sure, I’ll look for it.” 
He nodded. 
Upon hearing this, Shi Nianyao instantly dashed up the stairs and ran into her own bedroom. Frantically, she started to pace in circles. 
She had taken it to register her marriage and after that had forgotten to put it back in its original location. Now her mother had discovered it was gone and she was stuck. What was she going to do
As she was panicking, she heard a knock on her door. She almost jumped in fright. With a trembling voice, she called out, “Who- who’s that?” 
“It’s your Mom. Yao Yao, have you seen our household registration booklet?” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
Immediately, she replied, “No I haven’t!” 
Si Jingyu was stumped. “Really? You haven’t seen it at all?” 
“I really haven’t seen it!” 
“Alright then, if you see it, let me know.” 
Shi Nianyao sighed with relief and said, “Ok. Mom, you’ve had a long flight and you must be tired. You should go to bed now.” 
“Ok.” 
She finally relaxed when she heard Si Jingyu’s footsteps fade away. Patting her chest to calm herself, she sat on the bed. She had to think of a way to return the household registration booklet to its original spot without anyone noticing. 
After Si Jingyu finished asking around about the document, she went back into her own bedroom. 
Shi Jinyan was just walking out of the bathroom in his pajamas after a shower. When he saw Si Jingyu, he asked, “What’s the matter?” 
The woman sighed and said, “What do you think about what we discussed today?” 
Shi Jinyan smirked frostily and said, “First, Mo Zhi called Nianyao an ugly monster and now he does this. It’s too much. If it weren’t for Mo Xicheng getting there in time, and foiling Mo Zhi’s plans, what would be of our Yao Yao now?” 
Upon hearing this, Si Jingyu nodded. She frowned and said, “Tomorrow I’ll arrange to have a chat with Li Shu.” 
Shi Jinyan nodded and added, “You can tell her that if she fails to educate her son, then I will do it. But if I were the one doing it, the education fees would be very costly for them.” 
Si Jingyu replied, “Ok, I know.” 
– 
The next day, at Hongkou Cafe. 
Li Shu was already waiting there when Si Jingyu turned up. She had already drank half her cup of coffee. 
Si Jingyu walked over as Li Shu stood up to greet her friend. The latter had a complex expression on her face as she said, “You’re here.” 
Si Jingyu nodded and said, “I think you know what Mo Zhi has done. Li Shu, since things have come to this, do you not intend to step in and do something about it? You have always been an upright person, but look at you now.”
###Chapter 1479: He Is My Son (52) 
Si Jingyu frowned and looked at Li Shu, who was obviously in low spirits. She said, “Li Shu, over a son, is it worth it?” 
She placed both her hands on the table and looked at Li Shu with much disappointment. Among all their old friends, Li Shu had the most mettle and the best literary reputation. Her energy and enthusiasm also attracted the most suitors. But now, it was as though the woman was living half a life. 
What had become of Li Shu today
Although the woman had come prepared to see her, the weariness beneath her dolled-up exterior was evident. 
Si Jingyu clenched her fists tightly, on one hand furious over Mo Zhi, on the other hand feeling sorrowful for Li Shu. 
She looked at Li Shu and said sincerely and earnestly, “You should have left him when he had an affair at that time. But you stayed for the child and just went on with life as it was. Since that was the case, why didn’t you just focus on educating Mo Zhi?” 
Hearing these words from Si Jingyu, Li Shu had a sudden realization. 
Suddenly, she felt glad that she had neglected Mo Zhi’s home education all these years. If it had been otherwise, and should Mo Zhi had been a smarter person and had control of the Mo family, then how could her own son fight him now
At this thought, Li Shu became a little distracted. She looked at Si Jingyu and pursed her lips after a moment. Then she said, “Jingyu, what if I told you that my life has been a joke all these years? What would you think?” 
Si Jingyu was slightly taken aback and suddenly felt her heart soften. 
She looked at how down her old friend seemed and couldn’t find it within herself to make any harsher remarks. 
Sighing, she said, “Li Shu, you are only fifty years old. You can start all over again. You really don’t have to be so pessimistic.” 
Li Shu shook her head and started, “You have no idea.” 
She looked ahead steadily and continued, “I don’t wish to interfere with Mo Zhi’s affairs any longer. If you wish to seek revenge with him, please go ahead. After all, where this matter is concerned, he’s gone overboard.” 
Si Jingyu was taken aback when she heard these words. 
She had come to see Li Shu with the intention of having a heart-to-heart chat. 
They weren’t going to just let the matter rest. After all, everyone in the family had doted on Shi Nianyao and had treated her like a precious pearl ever since she was a baby. 
If they had been children and Mo Zhi had hit her, of course the parents would have not retaliated. 
But they were no longer children. 
They were adults. And having had something like this happen, they couldn’t just take it lightly. 
Mo Zhi knew what he was doing and he had to be responsible for his own actions. He had to pay a price. 
But Si Jingyu was still shocked by Li Shu’s response. 
Had she totally given up on Mo Zhi, to be saying something like this
The woman frowned, feeling like this woman was both lamentable and detestable. 
She couldn’t help but ask again, “Li Shu, you really do not care about your own son?” 
Upon hearing this, Li Shu lifted her gaze and looked steadily at Si Jingyu. 
Si Jingyu got onto her feet and continued, “He is your son and it’s your responsibility that he has turned out this way. You failed to raise him properly! You have a good background at home, so how did Mo Zhi become what he is today? And you know Mo Hai behaves like a nouveau riche. What did you think would happen if he tried to raise a child? And now you are washing your hands off this matter. Li Shu, are you fit to be a mother?!” 
Upon hearing these words, Li Shu looked up at Si Jingyu and said, “Jingyu, what if I told you he is not my child?”
###Chapter 1480: He Is My Son (53) 
Si Jingyu was immediately stunned by Li Shu’s words. She looked at the woman in disbelief and asked, “What- what did you say?” 
Li Shu smiled bitterly. 
She bit her lip as her eyes reddened at once. She repeated, “I said he’s not my son. All these years, I’ve been cheated by them!” 
Si Jingyu’s pupils shrank back as she stared at Li Shu. She asked, “What happened?” 
Li Shu was unable to hold back her tears at this point. 
For the next half an hour, she told Si Jingyu the ins and outs of the situation as she cried. After she was done, Si Jingyu was left staring back at her in a stunned silence. 
In the past, Si Jingyu had felt that losing a child was the greatest tragedy in life. 
But never had she expected that Li Shu’s situation would be so much more sorrowful. 
Years ago, Shi Xun had gotten kidnapped and she had found him only six years later. But the child had still been young and she had had the opportunity to make up for the time lost. 
However, Li Shu’s child had been swapped. Now the child was a grown-up. In all those years, all the things she had done to the child and now… 
Si Jingyu was at a loss for words and did not know what to say to comfort her friend. She could only sit next to the woman and reach out to gently pat her back. 
Li Shu cried as she spoke, “It was all my fault. At the time, I had lost hope in Mo Hai but didn’t want the child to be without both parents. So I put no effort in the child. If I had put my heart into watching the children grow up, I might have discovered this earlier. Jingyu, I’m such a fool. How could I have been so naive to think that the third party should not be blamed when the man has an affair?” 
Si Jingyu sighed listening to this. 
Li Shu was a woman of principle. 
She had always tried to be fair about who was at fault. 
The affair between Mo Hai and Yao Lili had been a big deal when it happened. 
When the heavily pregnant Yao Lili had come to the Mo family with no other means of financial support, Li Shu had thought that, rather than blame the third party, it was fair to say that Mo Hai had not done well. 
Furthermore, Yao Lili had been carrying a child and Mo Hai’s mother, an old lady who had passed away five years ago, had insisted on keeping the child at the time. This had greatly saddened Li Shu as she then embarked on a life that was something of a joke among the elite and wealthy families of Beijing. 
While the mistress lived next door under the same roof, Li Shu lived a quiet life alone with no desires or passion, and with no interest in the secular world. 
This was her, a person who would not fight or compete, and in the end she had been cheated by this mistress for most of her life. The mistress had ruined most of her life and at least the better half of Mo Xicheng. 
Si Jingyu frowned and finally sighed again as she patted her friend’s back. 
She said gently, “Li Shu, it’s still not too late now that you are aware of this.” 
Li Shu nodded and wiped her tears. Looking at Si Jingyu, she said, “I know. That’s why I’ve had it all thought out. I want to help my child and take back everything that belongs to him.” 
She looked up at Si Jingyu steadily and continued, “So Si Jingyu, I beg of you, give Mo Xicheng some time. Let him take back everything that belongs to the Mo family before you do anything to Mo Zhi, otherwise… I don’t want the child to go thinking that he depended on his girlfriend’s family for whatever he achieved. That child is pitiful enough and I only want to protect his pride.” 
At a complete loss for words, Si Jingyu looked back at her. 
Both Nianyao and Li Shu had the same plea. How could they possibly not agree?
###Chapter 1481: He Is My Son (54) 
After she parted ways with Si Jingyu, Li Shu headed home with reddened eyes. 
The moment she walked into the house, both Mo Hai and Mo Zhi hurriedly came up to greet her. 
Seeing her bloodshot eyes, Mo Hai was instantly angered and said, “She made things difficult for you? Isn’t she our best friend? Why can’t she come to meet me? Why must she insist on meeting with you alone? Even if we, the Mo family, went broke, we will not bow to her!” 
Upon hearing these protective words, Li Shu looked up and glanced at Mo Hai. 
She had been frustrated over the children’s matter and now, as she cast her gaze on Mo Hai and noticed how his hair had grayed, she suddenly felt that the things that had mattered to her all her life, the things that she had insisted on, were now all unimportant. 
She smiled bitterly and shook her head. 
Both Mo Hai and Mo Zhi had known that she was meeting Si Jingyu today. Mo Zhi was terribly worried that the Shi family would take action against him to retaliate, hence he had been home all day. 
When he heard what Mo Hai had said, he nervously asked, “Mom, did they say what they were going to do to me? I- I really am sorry. I’m even willing to go to their house to apologize personally. Mom, what did you achieve with your conversation?” 
Li Shu threw Mo Zhi a look upon hearing this. 
This child had always only worried about himself, why hadn’t she realized that and seen his true colors from a long time ago
She cast her gaze down and said calmly after a moment, “Si Jingyu has agreed to let you off this time.” 
Mo Zhi immediately heaved a sigh of relief. ed. 
Mo Hai looked at Li Shu with a pained expression. 
Li Shu had been doted on and protected since childhood. And because she was very well-read, she seemed haughtier than most people. But having to actually plead with her long-time best friend, how could he not feel her pain
Mo Hai quickly asked, “What conditions did she give?” 
The moment he said that, Mo Zhi jumped and said, “You mean there are conditions?” 
Li Shu glanced at Mo Zhi impassively, then looked at Mo Hai and said, “The condition is to get Mo Xicheng into the family business as soon as possible.” 
Although the company shares and office duties had been handed over to Mo Xicheng, neither Mo Hai nor Mo Zhi had really invited him into the office. 
Mo Xicheng, on the other hand, was still in the midst of recovering from his concussion and, since he had had to prepare for Ambition’s party, he had not reported in for work. 
Hence, Li Shu’s request seemed reasonable. 
Mo Zhi was not happy to hear that, of course, and said, “On what grounds? If that illegitimate son comes to the office to work, what will all my colleagues think of me? Isn’t it good enough that he has been given shares?” 
This was certainly not the first time Mo Zhi used the term “illegitimate son.” Every time he used that term, Li Shu would chide him for saying nasty things about others and, in the process, lowering his dignity. 
But right now, those same words caused her own heart to bleed in pain. 
She turned pale at once. 
Noticing this, Mo Hai quickly scolded the boy, “What nonsense are you speaking? Alright, alright, let him come to the office. We’ll get him to come to the office tomorrow.” 
Then he turned to Li Shu nervously and said, “Li Shu, get a good rest. I’ll take care of the office matters. Don’t fret, don’t get angry.” 
Upon hearing this, Li Shu nodded and looked at Mo Zhi again. She lowered her gaze to hide her deep intentions and slowly walked up the stairs. 
The moment Li Shu had gone upstairs, Mo Zhi grabbed his father’s arm and cried, “Dad, that bastard is coming to the office, what about me then?!”
###Chapter 1482: He Is My Son (55) 
Upon hearing these words, Mo Hai frowned and chided Mo Zhi, “What bastard? Your Mom hates it when you use vulgar words like that. Get this into your head! You are not to use this word on him at home or in the office.” 
Immediately, Mo Zhi widened his eyes and said, “Dad, has he cast a spell on you? Are you really going to hand the company over to Mo Xicheng? Dad, I’m your own son, don’t get yourself confused.” 
Mo Hai sighed and said, “Why can’t you keep your cool?! Letting him come into the office is just an act to appease the Shi family. Who said we’re making him a real shareholder of the business? You have to remember that you also have your shares. You are totally capable of having a fair fight with him!” 
“Why should I need to have a fair fight with him? What is he?! Besides, if I really lost the fight, then are we going to hand the company over to him?” 
Mo Hai threw Mo Zhi a look upon hearing this remark. He said after a moment, “Are you really lacking the confidence to take him on and beat him?” 
Mo Zhi instantly kept quiet. 
He knew that his father hated dirty deals. 
He could only grit his teeth and say, “Of course it’s not that. I’m sure I can do better than him! I’m only worried that he will use underhanded means.” 
Mo Hai patted him on his shoulder and said, “I’m watching over things in the office, so he can forget about playing dirty little tricks.” 
Mo Zhi could only nod. 
After this chat with Mo Hai, he went upstairs. Not long after, he grabbed his things and headed out of the house. 
Mo Hai asked, “Where are you going?” 
“To the office!” 
Mo Hai suddenly smiled as he watched Mo Zhi hurriedly leaving the house. 
In the past, Mo Zhi had been a disappointment, but now with Mo Xicheng around, he was finally feeling the heat. 
At this thought, Mo Hai suddenly felt that having Mo Xicheng come into the office was not such a bad choice after all. 
– 
The moment Mo Zhi arrived at the office, he immediately called for a meeting with a few of his confidants. 
He was panicking as he looked at the few of them and asked, “So what ideas have you got? Mo Xicheng is coming into the office tomorrow and I can’t let him cause a sensation the minute he starts working here. We have to think of a way to show him who’s the boss!” 
One of them spoke up, “CEO Mo, our company is planning to establish the TV and Film City. The chairman had mentioned that it has to be an integrated project—from investment to building movie theaters—everything had to be up to par. I’m thinking, why don’t we get him to talk to the film director about the investment?” 
Those words immediately infuriated Mo Zhi. He rebuked the man, “What sort of stupid idea is that? He’s from the entertainment industry and he’s familiar with many of the film directors in the industry. Isn’t asking him to look for a director to discuss the investment an easy job for him?” 
The man was not the least affected by Mo Zhi’s harsh words and continued with a grin, “The director that I’m talking about is well-known in the industry for being stubborn. Besides, he has a special obsession that everyone in the industry knows about.” 
Mo Zhi paused for a moment and asked, “What might that be?” 
“He likes men, especially men like Mo Xicheng.” 
He liked men
If that were the case, wouldn’t it be even easier for Mo Xicheng to strike an investment deal
Then, when Mo Zhi saw the odd expression of the man suggesting this idea, he suddenly saw the light. 
If Mo Xicheng was able to strike this deal, then his reputation in the industry would be completely ruined. 
At this thought, Mo Zhi’s eyes suddenly narrowed as he said, “This is good, it’s a great idea!”
###Chapter 1483: He Is My Son (56) 
Mo Zhi sprang up to his feet excitedly and exclaimed, “If that director develops an interest in Mo Xicheng, and Mo Xicheng doesn’t accept him and is unable to strike a successful deal, hahaha… Or even if Mo Xicheng doesn’t strike a deal after pleasing him, his reputation would still be sullied.” 
His eyes shone with delight as he continued, “We’ll go ahead with this plan then when he comes to work tomorrow.” 
“Roger.” 
– 
That same night, as Mo Xicheng was tidying up things around the house, he received a call from Mo Hai who said, “Report to the office tomorrow at 9 a.m.!” 
Mo Xicheng frowned and was silent for a moment. 
Mo Hai immediately chided the man, “I’m talking to you, can you hear me?” 
Mo Xicheng pondered for a second and nodded. “Alright.” 
“What’s up with your tone? Do you not want to?” 
Mo Xicheng pursed his lips and said, “No.” 
“So that means you’re excited? Let me tell you, don’t lose your head just because you’ve been made CEO. The true young master of the Mo family is Mo Zhi. I hope you have this stuck firmly in your head forever.” 
Upon hearing these words, Mo Xicheng smirked. 
Since young, this had been the phrase that had been most frequently drilled into his head. 
Hence now, after Mo Hai said it yet again, he kept his silence. 
Exasperated, Mo Hai repeated, “Did you hear what I said? Are you mute? Huh? What sort of attitude is this? You—” 
Before he could finish, he was interrupted. 
He could vaguely hear Li Shu’s voice in the background. 
Indeed, she was standing at the doorway of the study. She had heard what Mo Hai was saying. And when she had heard the phrase, “The true young master of the Mo family is Mo Zhi”, she had felt a sharp pang in her heart. She had thrown open the study door at once and walked in. 
Staring at Mo Hai, she said, “Can’t you talk nicely?” 
Mo Hai choked on his own words at once and fell silent. 
Her gaze fell on his cell phone and she frowned. Mo Hai said at once, “Hehe, Mo Xicheng, I’ve said what I had to. Once you’re in the company, do your best and don’t pull any tricks, do you understand?” 
Mo Xicheng did not speak, hence Mo Hai continued to talk to himself, “As long as you understand, I’m hanging up now.” 
After hanging up, he quickly looked at Li Shu and started, “Li Shu, when did you come in? I didn’t see you!” 
The woman glared at him with a frown, then turned around to walk away. 
Mo Hai ran after her, hoping to have a few more words with her. 
But the moment she got into her bedroom, she shut the door without a moment of hesitation. 
Mo Hai was left standing outside. He raised his hand to knock on the door, but then eventually lowered his hand again without doing that. 
Li Shu stood in her bedroom thinking of the words he had said to Mo Xicheng. They must have hurt the boy again. 
She quickly picked up her cell phone and dialed Mo Xicheng’s number. 
He picked up the call almost immediately. His voice sounded particularly gloomy over the phone. “Hello?” 
For an odd reason, Li Shu got nervous and her heart started pounding when she heard his voice. 
Her palms started to dampen. As she faltered, she said, “It’s me.” 
“I know it’s you. What’s the matter?” 
Li Shu paused for a moment and then said, “It’s your first day at work tomorrow. I just called to ask if there’s anything you need.” 
Mo Xicheng gave a laugh and said, “I know why you’re calling.” 
Li Shu’s heart skipped a beat. And then she heard the boy saying calmly, “If Mo Zhi comes for me, I will not stand still.”
###Chapter 1484: He Is My Son (57) 
That remark made Li Shu choke back her words of care and concern. 
Did Mo Xicheng think that she was calling to plead on Mo Zhi’s behalf. 
She was silent for a while and finally sighed, “That wasn’t what I meant.” 
Mo Xicheng said immediately, “Then would it be… my Mom causing you problems again? Actually, you don’t have to bother with me.” 
Li Shu: … 
Li Shu was at a loss for words. 
She quickly said, “No, it’s not your mother or Mo Zhi. I only wanted to tell you, don’t be nervous even though it’s your first day, just do your best.” 
Mo Xicheng was surprised and went, “Huh?” 
“Don’t worry, I only wish you well.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
“Also, be careful. Mo Zhi went to the office tonight, he might be up to something. You won’t go wrong by being cautious.” 
Mo Xicheng was silent for a moment. Then he finally said, “Thank you.” 
After hanging up, he stared at his cell phone for a moment. 
Li Shu’s attitude was unusually subdued tonight and their conversation had been harmonious. 
He could sense her encouragement for him to do well without holding back. But was his intuition right
Why had her attitude suddenly changed
At this thought, he shook his head and cast his gaze down. 
Nevermind. In any case he was going to start work tomorrow. He was out to avenge Shi Nianyao. His goal was to provide a safe and stable life for his wife, so he wasn’t going to back out now. 
– 
Early the next morning at eight, Mo Xicheng got ready to leave the house. 
The moment he opened the front door, he saw Shi Nianyao with breakfast in her hand about to hit the doorbell. 
Their eyes met and both of them smiled at once. 
He stepped aside to let her into the house. 
She looked at him with surprise and asked, “Were you going out?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and replied, “I’m going to work today.” 
At once, Shi Nianyao looked down at her cell phone anxiously and said, “Why didn’t you tell me yesterday? It’s a little late. Do you have time for breakfast?” 
The man looked at the fried dough sticks and soy milk she was carrying in her hand and then glanced at his watch. 
With the rush hour jam, he would barely make it to the office if he left the house about now. If he delayed it, he could very well end up being late. 
Nevertheless, he raised his gaze steadily and nodded, “I have time.” 
Then he turned around and headed back into the dining room. 
Having arrived at his house at this hour, Shi Nianyao must have woken up at around 6:30 a.m. Since that was the case, how could he let her down
He ate his breakfast calmly as usual and stood up only after Shi Nianyao had finished her food. “Alright, I have to go. I can’t keep you company today.” 
Shi Nianyao waved him off and said, “Work is more important. Hurry up, off you go.” 
The man nodded and then reached out to give her head a gentle pat before he strode out. 
Although he had driven at a high speed, he was still five minutes late by the time he got to the office. 
When he stepped into the office, the people boiled over with excitement. 
Everyone stood at the doorway, craning their necks to catch a glimpse of him. 
“It’s really Idol Mo! My god! This is the first time I see him in real life.”
###Chapter 1485: He Is My Son (58) 
Mo Xicheng was the illegitimate son of Mo Hai—this was something that the people in the company had gossiped about among themselves. 
But because he had never been recognized, he had never been to the office and the staff had never seen him. Even if they had seen him on the big screen, it was nothing like seeing him in person. 
He walked into the office with a natural poise and approached the front desk. “I’m here to report for work, I’m Mo Xicheng.” 
The receptionist stood up excitedly and said, “Sure, sure. I’ll take you to the Human Resource Department for onboarding.” 
She then led Mo Xicheng to the Human Resource Department. 
Everyone around looked dazzled. 
At this point, Mo Zhi appeared behind them and stared at Mo Xicheng’s disappearing figure. He narrowed his eyes viciously. 
He’s just an illegitimate son, isn’t he? Are these people blind to be so charmed by him
Ha! Just wait! 
At the thought of this, a smile appeared on Mo Zhi’s face and he walked to the side to make a call to the Human Resource Department. 
– 
Led by the receptionist, Mo Xicheng entered the Human Resource Department. 
Upon seeing him, the HR manager stood up at once and greeted him, “CEO Mo, pleased to meet you.” 
Mo Xicheng extended his hand for a handshake. 
The manager walked towards him and said, “CEO Mo, the former-CEO Mo called yesterday to request that we prepare you an office, but because the notification came too late, the CEO office in the penthouse is still under renovation. Given this, shall I take you to your temporary office to have a look?” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. 
This reeked of Mo Zhi’s usual practice, harassing others in little ways like this. 
But that man was indeed too childish. Would a mere office affect his status
Mo Xicheng smirked. He didn’t really care about the office. Hence he nodded. 
Initially anxious about this matter, the Human Resource Department immediately relaxed. 
The manager led Mo Xicheng towards his office. 
It could only be called an office by name. That space was just a small area delimited by a glass panel. There were many offices like that downstairs and they were just individual work spaces occupied by the managers of the various departments. 
Mo Zhi had arranged such a space for him to imply that even though he was a CEO, he was barely equivalent to a department manager in the office. Mo Zhi wanted it to feel like a slap to Mo Xicheng’s face. 
Mo Xicheng was expressionless as he looked at the work space. 
The HR manager looked at Mo Xicheng awkwardly, afraid that the man would start making things difficult for him. 
But unexpectedly, Mo Xicheng only took a glance and smirked at this. 
Noticing this, the manager immediately said, “CEO Mo, CEO Mo Zhi has just called to say he is holding a management meeting and asked that you come to Meeting Room 5.” 
When he heard this, Mo Xicheng’s smirk deepened. 
He hadn’t even started to look for trouble with Mo Zhi, yet the man had already come around looking for it. 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and nodded calmly. “Ok.” 
Taking the lead again, the manager took Mo Xicheng to the entrance of the meeting room. ?n?. om
He pushed the door open and saw that it was dimly lit and most of the senior management staff were already seated. 
When he saw Mo Xicheng, Mo Zhi sprang to his feet and said, “Mo Xicheng, aren’t you a little arrogant, making everyone wait for you like this?”
###Chapter 1486: He Is My Son (59) 
Mo Zhi’s words were really ridiculous. 
It was his first day at work and, besides, he had not known that there was going to be a management meeting. Wasn’t this simply another one of Mo Zhi’s whims and fancies
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes, walked into the meeting room and looked at the shareholders in the company. 
None of them looked familiar to him. 
But when he saw the place cards that were in front of each of them, he was able to make some connections. 
Among these people, some of them had spoken to him on the phone, to ask him to take up the position in the company. 
Right now as he looked at these people, Mo Xicheng held his posture upright. There was a noble quality in the way he held himself. 
He smiled and said, “Dear everyone, this is a senior management meeting after all. Without a proper official status, I didn’t have the authority to come in here.” 
What he meant was that he had had to complete his onboarding process before he could come for this meeting. Of course, the onboarding process could only take place after he reported to work. 
Hence, the person who had scheduled this meeting wasn’t being very smart after all. 
When everyone realized what Mo Xicheng was getting at, they turned to look at Mo Zhi at once. 
Mo Xicheng frowned and then rebuked the newcomer, “Mo Xicheng, what do you mean by that? Huh? We start work at 9 a.m., you came in five minutes late. What do you mean?” 
The look on Mo Zhi’s face and Mo Xicheng’s earlier remark, which though brief, held a lot of meaning, revealed a distinct difference between the two men. Everyone present felt it. 
In the past, when Mo Zhi had run the business, he had not behaved like this in meetings. But now a great contrast could be seen between him and Mo Xicheng. Honestly, who would be willing to work under a loud show-off like Mo Zhi? And who wouldn’t want to work for someone like Mo Xicheng
Everyone was naturally inclined towards Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Zhi had no self-awareness and was still hollering there, “Don’t think that just because you’re the CEO you can be late. Let me tell you, you’re not taking your work seriously.” 
Immediately, Mo Xicheng spoke without even lifting his head, “I’m the CEO, so I can indeed be late.” 
Mo Zhi was stunned by his comeback. 
Mo Xicheng continued in a business-like tone, “Our company policy states that there is no need for positions above the General Manager to keep track of their punch cards. CEO Mo, don’t you know what that means? If you really don’t, I can explain it to you.” 
Not having to use punch cards meant that there was no need to observe office hours. 
After all, positions above the General Manager often involved entertaining clients and it was reasonable for them to be out of the office. 
The mildly sarcastic tone adopted by Mo Xicheng was enough to infuriate Mo Zhi into speechlessness. Pointing a finger at the man, Mo Zhi said angrily, “You- you-” 
Before he could speak further, someone next to him tugged at his sleeve. Mo Zhi suddenly snapped out of his agitation. 
He gave a cold snort and cleared his throat. Then he took a seat. Without delay, he said, “Alright, everyone’s here, let’s begin!” 
Mo Xicheng stood there staring at Mo Zhi. He noticed that right at the top end of the table, there was only one chair. 
Mo Xicheng did not express any concern or displeasure as he walked up to that side of the table. He merely grabbed a chair, placed it next to Mo Zhi’s and then took his time to sit down. 
Mo Xicheng had a very strong presence, hence when he sat down next to Mo Zhi, he completely overpowered the man. It was visibly clear that Mo Xicheng held the leadership in the room.
###Chapter 1487: He Is My Son (60) 
Mo Zhi started by giving the current status update. “Following this, I will talk about the progress of our company’s TV and Film City project.” 
As he continued, he began to realize something didn’t feel quite right. Because everyone had started to look past him, at something behind him. 
Frowning at once, Mo Zhi turned to look behind him. 
Then he saw a very calm and composed Mo Xicheng sitting behind him, watching over him as he gave the update. 
Instantly, it felt like Mo Xicheng was an Emperor watching over his own territory. 
Mo Zhi immediately fell silent. That man who was supposed to be isolated now seemed arrogant and that made him feel most uncomfortable. He frowned and barked at the workers, “Place a chair here and have CEO Mo sit here!” 
“Yes.” 
A worker carried a chair over and placed it where Mo Zhi instructed. Traditionally, it was the spot where the right-hand man would sit. 
The attitude and meaning behind this gesture was more than clear enough. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help but smirk as he observed this childish behavior from Mo Zhi. He walked over to the chair next to Mo Zhi and sat down. 
Finally satisfied, Mo Zhi continued with a sneer, “CEO Mo Xicheng, from now on, you’ll be in charge of matters related to investments. Do you have any ions?” 
After all, Mo Zhi was still the company’s General Manager and although Mo Xicheng was CEO, it was impossible for him to take full responsibility of the whole company. Given that Mo Zhi had not been dismissed from his post, this distribution of responsibilities was ideal. 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
But no sooner than he had nodded, Mo Zhi started to create trouble. “Mo Xicheng, I’d like to ask you, why is the project I asked the Investment Department to submit today still unfinished? The TV and Film City project has started and up to now, you still haven’t found a suitable script and a suitable director to invest in. Are you guys planning to sell other people’s productions once the TV and Film City is up and running?!” 
What ridiculous remarks. 
Mo Xicheng had just joined, how could he have known anything about the Investment Department? Obviously, he was picking a fight. 
He narrowed his eyes and replied, “I’ll look into this matter in greater detail.” 
“Indeed, you’ve just joined and don’t really know much.” Then Mo Zhi continued with a sudden change of tone. “I do have a good project here though. Take it back to your department and discuss it.” 
Mo Xicheng frowned and saw that Mo Zhi had brought some documents. He placed them in front of him. “Here’s the script and some basic information about the director. From what I can tell, this would be a big production and the profits would be significant. This film is likely to be a moneymaker, so we must not miss the opportunity. Hence, Mo Xicheng, I’ll hand this over to you to manage personally.” 
Was it like Mo Zhi to be so kind
Mo Xicheng reached out for the documents curiously. When he saw the name of the director, his pupils shrank back. 
Then immediately, he smiled frostily. 
So it was him! 
This director loved men. Basically, he had slept with the male leads of all his movies. For that reason he had a really bad reputation in the industry. But he was a talented filmmaker and every film he made ended up being a big hit. Hence, he was the investors’ darling. 
And this was also the reason that this director was extremely difficult to deal with. 
To others, this might have been a big problem, but to Mo Xicheng… 
The man tapped his fingers on the table twice and then looked up. 
Did Mo Zhi think that he could ruin his reputation by doing this? That man was way too naive.
###Chapter 1488: He Is My Son (61) 
After saying these words, Mo Zhi looked at Mo Xicheng. Seeing that the man was not replying immediately, he inquired, “What’s the matter? You don’t want to? This is the company’s project, not your own film where you can pick and choose. Or are you worried that you won’t be able to handle it? If you can’t handle it, speak up. After all, you’ve never managed a company. If you don’t know how to do it, we’ll all understand.” 
One by one, the senior executives turned to look at Mo Xicheng with a probing look in their eyes. 
If Mo Xicheng turned out to be less capable than Mo Zhi, or even if the two were on par, they would be more willing to be directed by Mo Zhi. After all, Mo Zhi was the more fitting and proper person in terms of status within the family. 
If it hadn’t been for the fact that Mo Zhi behaved so outrageously, these people wouldn’t have pleaded with Mo Xicheng to take over the management of the business. So now all these eyes were on him, hoping that he would be able to find a reasonable excuse, or else a suitable way to decline. 
After all, if he had to deal with a gay director, things would get murky in the future. 
Imagine their CEO having to give himself for the pleasure of that director. Wouldn’t that be a real joked. o
But to everyone’s great surprise, Mo Xicheng gave Mo Zhi a look of indifference and then nodded. “Fine.” 
Everyone was stunned by his response. 
They looked at Mo Xicheng in disbelief. 
Seeing that Mo Xicheng had agreed, Mo Zhi sprang to his feet with relief and said, “Great. So that’s all for today, let’s end the meeting. And you, Mo Xicheng, we’ll make an appointment for you to meet with Director Li tonight. You can have a long chat with him. And even if it’s an overnight chat, we won’t hold it against you. We will reimburse you the cost of the hotel room, hahaha!” 
After making this ambiguous remark with much sarcasm, Mo Zhi got up and turned to leave. 
Mo Xicheng frowned, disdainful of his crude remark. 
As he stood up to leave, a voice called out, “Mo Xicheng.” 
The man turned around and noticed that among the senior executives, one of them was striding towards him. 
It was a dignified-looking man, probably in his fifties, and there was an air of uprightness around him. As he came up to Mo Xicheng, he said with a frown, “You must not take up this case, or you should let one of your staff represent you for the discussion. You must not meet the director yourself, do you understand?” 
Mo Xicheng was surprised. 
He hadn’t thought that someone in the office would have his interest at heart. 
He looked at the man with uncertainty and asked, “You are?” 
“My name’s Gao Feng. You can call me Uncle Gao. This is a trap by Mo Zhi. Perhaps you might not know, this Director Li is a—” 
Mo Xicheng interrupted him before he could finish, “I am aware.” 
Gao Feng was stunned and asked, “Then why didn’t you decline if you’re aware?” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and said, “Under the circumstances, do you think I could?” 
The older man was stumped. 
Indeed, could the young man have rejected it
Given Mo Zhi’s supercilious attitude, if Mo Xicheng had declined, he would have quickly gotten the reputation of being incompetent. 
But to meet Director Li for a deal… 
Gao Feng sighed and said, “Well then, are you aware of the outcome in this case?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and said, “Yes, I’m aware.” 
Gao Feng replied, “And yet you—”
###Chapter 1489: He Is My Son (62) 
At this point, another voice interrupted, “I say, Gao Feng, why do you care? CEO Mo wants to keep his face. It would be embarrassing for him not to secure this project. Once the project has been secured, who cares what CEO Mo did to achieve it? Isn’t that so?” 
Gao Feng choked and turned around. Another man in his fifties approached them. He sneered, “The youngsters nowadays…. Once they get angry, they don’t care and they dare to take on any project, hehe. At the slightest provocation, they bomb someone else’s building.” 
Gao Feng frowned and looked at Mo Xicheng. 
He spoke again, “Go and decline that project now. We, the seniors, will agree. You—” 
Before he could finish, Mo Xicheng stopped him and said, “It’s alright, Uncle Gao. Thank you. I’ll take the case.” 
Gao Feng’s expression darkened at once as he replied, “Mo Xicheng, you’re aware that it’s a dead end and you go ahead? You’re indeed stubborn and deserve a lesson. When the time comes, you’ll realize how serious this is.” 
After he said this, Gao Feng walked away, washing his hands off the matter. 
Seeing this, the rest shook their heads and pointed their fingers at Mo Xicheng in disdain. 
After leaving the meeting room, Gao Feng returned to his own office. He loosened his tie in anger and sat down, calming himself down by taking a few deep breaths. 
Still frowning, he paused and picked up his cell phone to dial a number. 
The moment the line was connected, he said, “Li Shu.” 
Li Shu’s voice came through, “Gao Feng, how was the board meeting this morning? Did Mo Zhi make things difficult for Mo Xicheng?” 
The moment Gao Feng heard her question, his anger rose. “You said to watch out for him, but after all, he was brought up by that mistress and has limited awareness. Mo Zhi laid a trap and he walked right into it! He wouldn’t listen when I tried to advise him. This child is too stubborn.” 
Li Shu instantly sounded anxious and asked, “Gao Feng, what exactly happened? Mo Xicheng is my only son. You have to help me protect him.” 
Gao Feng replied with a sigh, “Li Shu, looking at him, he has got what it takes. But after all, Mo Zhi has been in the business for many years. I don’t think he can stand against Mo Zhi. Sigh! This time, Mo Zhi only had to say a few things to agitate him and he fell right for it. How is such a person ever going to manage the business?” 
Li Shu spoke up, “Don’t worry, he is not someone with no sense of propriety. He must have his own reasons for the decision.” 
“What sort of logic is that? Just charging blindly like this. In the end, he’ll ruin himself. Don’t come crying to me at that point! You should take back your child and send him overseas to gain experience for a few years.” 
“If I don’t keep an eye on him, with what happened today… sigh!” 
There was a certain frustration in Gap Feng’s tone, as though he couldn’t wait for the young man to master the skills needed. Li Shu tried to sooth the man and said, “Don’t be anxious, Old Gao. This is my only son, shall we just wait and see? Just wait and see, ok?” 
“I don’t think there’s any advantage in waiting for things to unfold. After this project, it’s best to let him go.”
###Chapter 1490: He Is My Son (62) 
Li Shu panicked when she heard his remark. She said, “Old Gao, do you consider me your friend
Gao Feng paused and replied, “Li Shu, that’s a bit of a serious thing to say. Of course I take you as a friend.” 
Li Shu softened her tone and continued, “I have only one son and he was swapped when he was a baby. I had no idea. It is already a miracle that he has grown up safely under the care of the mistress. Old Gao, please don’t place too much pressure on him, is that ok?” 
In the end, it was really more like a plea from Li Shu. 
Gao Feng opened his mouth and looked as though he was going to say something. Eventually, he sighed and said, “Uhm, I know, I know.” 
After he had hung up, the other middle-aged man who had walked in with Gao Feng couldn’t help but sigh as well. “Look at what has become of this whole affair! That woman Yao Lili is scheming indeed, to actually swap babies. It’s no wonder that I couldn’t see a single bit of Li Shu’s integrity in Mo Zhi. So it turns out he’s not even her son.” 
Gao Feng nodded. “That’s right. Mo Zhi isn’t the least like Li Shu. But no matter what, Mo Xicheng was brought up by a mistress. She must have tried to ruin him as much as she could. Look at him now, he turned out to be a fool who knows nothing.” 
The other man immediately asked, “So what do we do now?” 
Gao Feng said with a sigh, “What do we do? What else can we do? In so many years, this is about the only favor Li Shu has ever asked, can we say no? Don’t forget that when the woman was younger, she meant every word she said. For Mo Xicheng’s sake, she’s pleading with us. When she was just admitting defeat, I couldn’t even bring myself to- Argh! What the hell. Even if this Mo Xicheng is a blockhead, we have to support him and get him up to par. We don’t have a choice. It is the one and only favor Li Shu has ever asked of us.” 
The other middle-age man nodded. 
Gao Feng couldn’t help but add, “Also, even if he is a blockhead, we will just have to work that bit harder to help him watch over the business. Right, and Mo Zhi arranged for him to have a meeting with Director Li tonight. Which hotel is that at again? Go find out and then book me the private room next to theirs.” 
“Sure.” 
After the meeting, Mo Xicheng walked to his own office. 
The Investment Department was just a name. It was a position created by Mo Zhi and Mo Xicheng had no one reporting to him in reality. 
They were obviously out to make things difficult for him. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and smirked. He turned to look at his office, then reached out to pull a chair and sat at one of the workstations outside instead. 
His cell phone then rang. 
He looked down at the screen. It was a message from Shi Nianyao. 
[Are things going well on your first day?] 
Going well
He looked up. He could sense people throwing furtive looks in his direction. They wanted to approach him, but at the same time they were afraid of offending Mo Zhi. Mo Xicheng twitched his mouth helplessly and then looked at his office—an old and shabby room that had yet to be renovated. Then he lowered his head again, showing no expression as he typed out his reply: 
[Things are great in the office.] 
A response came back from Shi Nianyao shortly after he had sent his message: [“What time do you finish work? Should I pick you up?”] 
Mo Xicheng: [No, there’s no need to. I have to entertain tonight.]
###Chapter 1491: He Is My Son (64) 
Shi Nianyao: [That busy?] 
After this message, another one followed closely: [But this shows that my idol is an important person in the office. Go work hard then!] 
When Mo Xicheng read that last sentence, he instantly smiled. This turned his gloomy face bright and cheerful at once. 
He continued to stare at his cell phone for a while. Then he stood up, intending to go to the pantry to get a coffee. 
As he approached the pantry and was just about to step in, he heard people discussing his arrival enthusiastically in there. 
“Ah, have you seen Male Idol Mo? He looks better in real life that on screen! In the films, sometimes he wears a beard and things like that, and doesn’t look as good as in real life.” 
“So what if he’s good looking? He’s still our Big CEO Mo’s illegitimate son. And didn’t you see what happened during the meeting this morning? When Senior CEO Mo spoke, he didn’t even talk back.” 
“Senior CEO Mo?” 
“That’s CEO Mo Zhi. You have to make a distinction between them. CEO Mo Zhi is older, so people refer to him as Senior CEO Mo. Mo Xicheng is Junior CEO Mo!” 
“Oh, is that how it is? So in the clash of the titans today, who won and who lost?” 
“Need we say more? Of course Senior CEO Mo won. You have no idea how pitiful Junior CEO Mo is. The Human Resource Department has allocated him an office that can’t be used. It is getting hotter lately and the air conditioner in that room is broken. Plus that room has a full-length window that faces the sun. That room is like a steamer.” 
“Oh, I thought that the air conditioner in that room worked. You mean it’s broken?” 
“If Senior CEO Mo says it’s broken, then it’s broken.” 
Then someone said with an enlightened tone, “Ohhhh, right…” 
As they were speaking, Mo Xicheng walked in and slowly made his way to the coffee machine, turning it on to make his own coffee. 
The two people who were conversing were immediately stunned when they saw Mo Xicheng and they stood rooted to the ground. They watched Mo Xicheng make his coffee and then stared at him as he took his coffee and walked out of the pantry—all the while pretending that he had heard nothing. 
The two of them looked at each other, lowered their heads and fell silent. They quietly went back to their work stations to carry on with their work. 
After Mo Xicheng got his coffee, he walked back to his office. 
He looked in from the entrance. The door was open. As he stood at the doorway, he could feel a wave of heat washing over him. The difference in temperature between the inside of the office and the outside was distinct. 
He lowered his gaze for a while, then looked at the worker sitting nearby and sneered, “Get me the Human Resource Manager.” 
Although that person was not a staff of Mo Xicheng’s department, he got up without hesitating and quickly ran over to the Human Resource Department. After a long time, the HR manager appeared, making his way slowly towards Mo Xicheng. 
Standing before Mo Xicheng now, he looked at the man and asked, “CEO Mo, how may I help you?” 
Noticing that Mo Xicheng was standing outside and had not entered his office, he said with a smile, “Actually, you could have called me and I would have come over. Asking someone to come round looking for me is a waste of time.” 
Mo Xicheng lifted his gaze upon hearing this. He turned to glance at his office and suddenly smiled, saying, “I was looking for you to discuss something.” 
Having said this, he pointed at his office and said, “Come in.”
###Chapter 1492: He Is My Son (65) 
The HR manager hesitated for a moment and then stepped into the office. 
The moment he stepped in, Mo Xicheng took a step back and, with a loud bang, shut the room door. 
Immediately, the HR manager knocked on the door from the inside of the room and said, “CEO Mo, CEO Mo, open the door. What are you doing? CEO Mo?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head and looked at the key that was inserted into the doorknob. He smirked and said, “There is a staff hiring request on the desk. Help me take a look at it. Should we make any amendments?” 
The HR manager was stunned at once and said, “Well, then open the door. I- I—” 
“Why should I open the door? Take a look at the request first and we’ll talk about unlocking the door.” 
The HR manager sounded like he was sobbing as he said, “But it’s too warm in here, how am I going to—” 
Before he could finish, Mo Xicheng interrupted, “Well, you felt that I could work in there. Why are you, the HR manager, more important than I am, the CEO?” 
The HR manager instantly fell silent. He wiped away the beads of perspiration that had formed on his forehead. Spent, he gulped and said, “Alright, alright. I- I’ll take a look now.” 
Although there wasn’t air conditioning in that room and the strong sun came through the windows, outside of that room, it was spacious and the air conditioning was more than adequate. As he stood there, Mo Xicheng was feeling rather cool. 
He was used to standing around, he often did so while filming. Hence, he didn’t feel tired standing there, reading the investment case with his head lowered. 
After a while, the HR manager called out, “CEO- CEO Mo, I’m done looking through it.” 
Mo Xicheng leaned against the wall and looked at the document in his hand. Upon hearing this, he said without looking up, “Hey, have you taken a good look at my request?” 
“Yes- yes, I’ve read it thoroughly. 
“Tell me what’s my request then?” 
“This- Would you open the door first?” 
Mo Xicheng continued reading the document he was holding and said, “Why should I? I think this is not a bad arrangement.” 
The HR manager: … 
If by now the manager had not figured out that Mo Xicheng was out to punish him, then he was a fool. 
Hence, he fell silent and sat down on the sofa in the room. 
The office was like a sauna and he was drenched in his own perspiration. He wiped his damp forehead, realizing for the first time that although Mo Xicheng was not a man of many words, he was extremely observant. 
He gulped, slowly walked to the doorway and said, “CEO- CEO Mo, the air conditioning in this room is broken, it’s not suitable for your use. Why don’t I contact the electrician immediately to fix it?” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng finally looked up and took his time in saying, “No hurry. Didn’t you say the office upstairs is under renovation and I’ll only be here a few days? So why don’t you work in here and I’ll work in the hall?” 
The HR manager: … 
He was a fat man and his body was naturally hard to cool, now he was already thoroughly drenched in perspiration. 
He was dying to get out for some cool air and didn’t wish to stay in the room for a minute longer. And now Mo Xicheng wanted him to work there for a few days
He almost fainted out of fright. 
He could no longer tolerate it, walked over to the desk and picked up the phone to call Mo Zhi.
###Chapter 1493: He Is My Son (66) 
Mo Xicheng stood outside the room as he continued to read the document. Now he was getting a good idea of the profile and understood the investment case and its scale. 
He closed the document and hung on to it. 
At this point, he heard approaching footsteps. 
He raised his eyes and saw Mo Zhi walking towards him with a few men. 
His eyes narrowed as he stood there and stared at the approaching Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi glared at Mo Xicheng and demanded, “Open the door.” 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow and said, “And why should I? This is my office.” 
Mo Zhi sneered, “The HR manager is in there. I am asking you to open the door and let him out.” 
Mo Xicheng dropped his gaze expressionlessly and replied, “I’m discussing work with him and I don’t think that’s against the rules.” 
Mo Zhi demanded again, “I am asking you to open the door so open it!” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and smirked before he fished out the key and opened the door. 
The HR manager burst out of the room. 
The man removed his suit jacket, revealing the shirt he was wearing underneath. The back of the shirt was completely soaked with perspiration. Even his fringe was dripping wet, so the temperature conditions of the room were obvious. 
The fat man took in big gulps of air, heaving as he used his hands to fan himself so that he could cool down. 
Mo Xicheng stared at him and asked, “Is it comfortable in there?” 
The HR manager mumbled, “It’s- it’s alright.” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “Well then, would you like to continue reading the document inside?” 
The HR manager instantly waved his hands and said, “No need, no need. The air conditioning is broken. I’ll get someone to fix it.” 
At those words, Mo Zhi grunted coldly and said, “Mo Xicheng, you’re telling me you can’t even bear a bit of trouble? Huh? You’re so delicate and fragile?” 
Mo Xicheng wasn’t the least ruffled as he replied, “Do you mean you’re willing to work in here? I can let you have the space.” 
Mo Zhi: …!! 
He turned to glance at the HR manager, raised his hand with fury and stabbed at the air with his finger. Without another word, he turned and left in a huff. 
After Mo Zhi left, Mo Xicheng looked at the HR manager impassively and said, “I need a secretary. Apart from this, before the air conditioner gets fixed, you will work in my office and I will work out here. Which is quite a good arrangement. We won’t get in each other’s way.” 
With that remark, the HR manager instantly nodded and said, “I understand, I will get you an assistant. The air conditioner will be fixed within the hour! But since you, CEO Mo, are so busy, I shall not be a bother here. I need to look for the people to get these done.” 
Putting on a magnanimous expression, Mo Xicheng nodded and said, “Alright then, off you go.” 
The manager sighed with relief at once as he sped away, as though afraid that Mo Xicheng would keep him another minute. 
Observing this, Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and remained stony-faced. 
He knew the manager wasn’t an evil man, he had just been instructed by Mo Zhi. 
But if everyone started behaving badly under Mo Zhi’s instructions, then he would not have the time to do anything else in the company. 
This initial display of his strength was important, and the HR manager was just an opportunity.
###Chapter 1494: He Is My Son (67) 
From now, anyone who wanted to make things difficult for him would have the HR manager as a reference. 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes. 
Half an hour later, Mo Xicheng’s personal assistant arrived. 
An hour later, the air conditioning unit in his office was fixed. 
He turned it on and opened the curtains. Light flooded into the room and, with the temperature adjustment, it became a comfortable space. 
He sat behind his desk and quietly read his documents. 
What had happened soon became the talk of the town. 
Gao Feng was quite taken aback and said, “I had thought he had been easily provoked by Mo Zhi to take the investment project. I thought he was a fool. I’m surprised he actually fought for his own benefits.” 
Another person remarked, “But he barked up the wrong tree, didn’t he? It was obviously Mo Zhi who made things difficult for him, but he took it out on the HR manager. That’s mean.” 
When Gao Feng heard this, he said, “You have no idea.” 
Then he walked away to the side and halted. He said after a while, “This child doesn’t seem to be hopeless after all. Has the private room been booked?” 
“Yes, it has.” 
“Great.” 
– 
Mo Xicheng stayed in the office most of the day. Not that he had much to do, but he was also busy. 
Because he had taken over the business, he had to have a good assessment of the business as a whole. Hence, he got hold of the company’s recent investment information and started to analyze it. 
It was possible that he had inherited Mo Hai’s talent in business, as when he read through the information, he easily understood what was going on. 
Thus he spent most of the day reading… right up till 6 p.m., the time he had arranged to meet Director Li. 
His new personal assistant Xiao Xu had reminded him of this frequently. “CEO Mo, we’re meeting Director Li in five minutes, are we not leaving yet?” 
Mo Xicheng looked up when he heard this and glanced at Xiao Xu. He said, “No hurry.” 
Xiao Xu lowered his head and did not dare to say another word. 
He stood outside Mo Xicheng’s office watching the man. Had he decided not to attend since he knew it was a trap
If that were the case, should he sneakily let Senior CEO Mo know
As he contemplated this, the office door suddenly flew open and Mo Xicheng walked out, saying, “Let’s go to the hotel.” 
Xiao Xu immediately followed the man, but at the same time he looked down at his watch. It was five minutes past appointment time. 
From the office, it would take half an hour to get to their dinner venue. That would mean being half an hour late
Given Director Li’s personality, this would make him extremely angry. 
Xiao Xu couldn’t be sure what Mo Xicheng was up to, so he could only follow him as they walked out of the office. 
The two of them drove all the way to the hotel. 
After he had parked the car, he took Xiao Xu along and headed to the private room that had been booked for the meeting. 
As he arrived at the doorstep, Mo Xicheng lifted his gaze to look at the private room number and then extended his hand. Just as he was about to knock, the door of the private room next to theirs was suddenly thrown open. Immediately, a voice said, “CEO Mo, Mr. Gao Feng is waiting for you.” 
Surprised, Mo Xicheng looked up. 
Through the doorway, he could see Gao Feng sitting in the private room. 
He raised an eyebrow, looked at the person and said, “I’m very sorry, I’ve got an appointment with Director Li and I’m already half an hour late. If there are matters to discuss, then it has to wait till I’m done with Director Li.” 
After saying this, he pushed open the door of his own private room.
###Chapter 1495: He Is My Son (68) 
Gao Feng had been waiting for Mo Xicheng in the private room, so he had thought that the man would at least come in. Then he would have stopped Mo Xicheng and gone next door to talk to Director Li instead. Either that, or he would have accompanied Mo Xicheng. 
Yet he had not expected that Mo Xicheng would not only be late for the meeting, but that he would also put on airs and ignore his offer of help. 
He almost exploded in anger at once. 
His assistant standing outside the door was stunned too and turned back to look at Gao Feng. He was at a loss for words. 
Did Mo Xicheng not realize that Gao Feng was trying to help him
Why had he rejected their help
The two of them in the room stared at each other, stumped. Finally, Gao Feng slammed the table top with his hand and hollered angrily, “Idiot! I’m not going to help him! Let him bash his head against the wall! He won’t give up until he’s in a dead end.” 
But after saying this, Gao Feng did not leave. On the contrary, he sat back down on the seat. 
Noticing this, the assistant standing at the doorway burst out laughing. 
Hadn’t he said he wasn’t going to care
Since he didn’t care, why was he sitting here still? Wasn’t it obvious that he was worried something might happen
The assistant tried to suppress his laughter as he looked at Gao Feng and asked, “Director Li would be unhappy that CEO Mo is late? It’s CEO Mo’s first day at work today. When I left the office, I saw that his personal assistant was getting the car ready. Why is he late?” 
Upon hearing this, Gao Feng grunted and said scornfully, “He has no sense of responsibility at all, doesn’t use his brain. How can such a person be Li Shu’s son?” 
He took a deep breath and said, “Whatever. At least I don’t owe Li Shu now that I’ve helped him! Go listen to what’s going on. If something doesn’t look good, dash in and don’t let the rascal be taken advantage of! Also, keep an eye on the paparazzi and don’t let them take any photos.” 
“Roger.” re?. o
After this, the assistant walked out of the private room to check on the next room. 
– 
Mo Xicheng opened the private room door and walked in. He noted that Director Li was waiting for him in the dark room, his expression livid. 
Seeing the young man walk in, Director Li sneered, “CEO Mo, you are young but you act like a big shot, don’t you? You’re half an hour late!” 
Mo Xicheng’s assistant quickly explained, “Director Li, there was a traffic jam—” 
Before he could finish, Mo Xicheng cut in arrogantly, “I have a busy schedule, it seems like I’ve kept Director Li waiting.” 
Director Li’s face ashened at Mo Xicheng’s rude tone. 
He stared at the young man, his gaze scanning Mo Xicheng’s face. Finally, with an icy laugh, he pointed to the sofa seat next to himself and said with hidden intentions, “Weren’t we going to talk about a collaboration? Please take a seat, CEO Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng lifted his gaze to look at that seat and walked over with his eyes cast down. However, he did not sit next to Director Li as the man had suggested, but took the seat opposite the older man. 
Director Li took a look at Mo Xicheng. 
The private room was dimly lit and so when Mo Xicheng had been standing at the doorway, his back had been to the light. Hence, Director Li hadn’t been able to see his face clearly. 
Now that Mo Xicheng was sitting opposite him, he could see every detail on the young man’s face. 
They had already heard of each other within the entertainment circle. Except that Director Li had a certain reputation and Mo Xicheng had always kept a low profile. So this was the first time that they met face-to-face.
###Chapter 1496: He Is My Son (69) 
Director Li had seen Mo Xicheng on the big screen previously, he had the sort of face and features that he liked. 
This was also the reason that Director Li had patiently waited for him for half an hour. 
Now that Mo Xicheng was sitting right opposite him, he realized that in person, this man was even more attractive. Unconsciously, the director’s eyes were fixed on him. 
Director Li gulped as a lecherous glint shone in his eyes. 
Instantly, his attitude changed. He had initially been angry, thinking Mo Xicheng was uncooperative, but now all that anger had vanished. 
He thought of what an achievement it would be if he managed to conquer such a man. 
At this thought, Director Li smiled at Mo Xicheng and said, “CEO Mo, I hear that you’re the family’s illegitimate son. You have not been favored ever, right?” 
He sighed and continued, “With your bearing and looks, it’s such a waste that you didn’t get favored. And in show business, look at you, you’ve struggled for so many years and you’re finally making a bit of headway. After filming Ambition with Director Wang, I wonder if you have accepted any other films? I haven’t decided on the male lead for my next film, so I do wonder if you might be interested.” 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank back when he heard these words. 
He looked at Director Li and then looked away as he said, “So what if I am? So what if I’m not?” 
Director Li smiled boorishly and leaned forward to get closer to Mo Xicheng. 
Unfortunately, the sofa seats were placed quite far apart in the room. Hence, even though his buttocks were almost sliding off the seat, there was still some distance between him and the other man. 
Looking as though he had not fully expressed himself, he sat back into his seat and said, “I’m actually very interested in working together with you.” 
Mo Xicheng continued, “Since you are so interested in our company’s investment project, why don’t you look at the agreement? These are the details of the collaboration.” 
On this note, he held the agreement out towards Director Li. 
Director Li stared at Mo Xicheng for a while, then suddenly smiled and leaned back against the sofa. He did not reach out to take the agreement from Mo Xicheng, but said, “CEO Mo, I think you’re mistaken about something.” 
Looking at him, Mo Xicheng asked, “What about?” 
“I said I was very interested in working with you.” 
The meaning behind his ambiguous remark was obvious. 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes flashed with anger. 
To think that this was their first meeting and the man could be making such explicit requests. It was truly disgusting. 
He lowered his head and then tossed the agreement onto the coffee table. Reciprocating Director Li’s body language, Mo Xicheng also sat back against the sofa. 
Director Li had a big belly and leaning back, he looked extremely ostentatious and boorish. 
Mo Xicheng, on the other hand, exuded an air of languid nobility. 
As Director Li looked at him, his eyes grew brighter. 
He was enchanted by that charm Mo Xicheng had, the energy and vitality in him. 
He gulped and stared calmly into Mo Xicheng’s face, saying, “As long as you work with me, I can guarantee you fame within the next year. You will become as famous as a great Best Actor. How about it?” ?ne?. ?ｍ
When Mo Xicheng heard this, he burst out in uncontrollable laughter. 
Then he looked at Director Li sternly and said, “Director Li, if you wish to collaborate with me, you will have to look for my manager.”
###Chapter 1497: He Is My Son (70) 
That was a very clear sign of rejection from Mo Xicheng. Director Li’s expression darkened at once. 
He looked at Mo Xicheng with narrowed eyes and sneered, “I hear that this collaboration with me is your first project with the company. If you don’t secure this project, won’t the people in your company feel that you’re incompetent?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and replied, “Director Li shouldn’t worry about this.” 
Director Li frowned as he looked at Mo Xicheng. After a while he said, “You’re sure that you don’t wish to collaborate with me?” 
He stood up at this point. Since Mo Xicheng was not going to come and sit next to him, then he would go and sit next to Mo Xicheng. 
After taking a seat next to Mo Xicheng, he did not speak and just reached out to touch Mo Xicheng’s thigh. 
Before he could make contact, Mo Xicheng had already grabbed his wrist. 
Director Li turned to look at Mo Xicheng. The latter was looking at him with an unfathomable expression in his eyes. 
Director Li gulped and said, “Mo Xicheng, I like men like you. If you don’t like me coming onto you, I’ll let you take me. How about that?” 
As he said this, he moved closer to the young man. 
Mo Xicheng was so disgusted that he almost threw up all of his lunch. 
He smirked and asked, “Director Li, I wonder if you remember Liu Liu?” 
Director Li froze at the mention of this name. 
Liu Liu had been a popular young star who had been propelled into hot popularity five years ago, when he had acted in a TV series. But after that, he had disappeared from the scene and no one knew where he had gone. 
Director Li squinted and coughed once, saying, “I don’t know. What’s the matter?” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and questioned, “You don’t know?” 
There was a murderous look in his eyes as he looked at the other man with hatred. 
Liu Liu and him had gone into show business at about the same time. They had been in the same company and were as close as brothers. At the time, Mo Xicheng had been given an opportunity to act in a TV series, but because he had wished to keep a low profile, he had passed the opportunity to Liu Liu. 
Then Liu Liu had shot to fame. 
One day, Liu Liu caught Director Li’s eyes and was asked to meet with Director Li to discuss a lead role in his next film. 
At the time, Director Li’s sexual orientation had still been largely unknown so no one had known what he was like. 
Mo Xicheng had waited to hear good news from Liu Liu, but the man did not call that night. 
The next day, when he tried calling Liu Liu, he found that the man’s cell phone had been turned off. 
Later on, he found the man at home. 
The man was in a bad state then. Director Li had set his eyes on him and tried to sleep with the man, but he hadn’t agreed. Given this, Director Li had drugged him and that was how he had eventually fallen prey to him. When Mo Xicheng found out about this, he got furious. 
But what followed after this was even more infuriating. 
After Liu Liu was assaulted for the first time, he refused to yield to Director Li again. As a result, the director had taken him out of the role he had gotten and gave it to someone else. 
In addition, Director Li released pictures of Liu Liu and accused the man of trying to seduce him. This had been a big scandal at the time. 
Later on, Liu Liu’s parents fell ill and passed away from the stress and impact caused by this matter. Liu Liu fell into a depression, took all the money he had and left for another country to start a new life. He never reappeared in the industry. 
As Liu Liu’s good friend, Mo Xicheng had long wanted to avenge the man. 
But in the past years, Mo Xicheng had always kept a low profile because of his family situation. Besides, he had never had the opportunity to meet Director Li, so he had pushed the matter to the back of his mind. 
But now…
###Chapter 1498: He Is My Son (71) 
Mo Xicheng stared at Director Li before him. 
The scenes of how his friend had been driven to despair and left the country flashed before his eyes. Remembering the look of devastation in Liu Liu’s eyes, he suddenly stood up and kicked Director Li in the crotch. 
– 
A sharp and painful howl was heard in the room next door. 
Widening his eyes, Gao Feng immediately sprang onto his feet and dashed out of the room anxiously. He yelled, “Hurry up! Director Li has got a significant family background, that’s why all these years he got away with his atrocious acts in the industry. It wouldn’t be surprising if he dared try his luck with Mo Xicheng! If he succeeds, Li Shu would surely kill me. And I wouldn’t know how to explain this to her!” 
The two of them dashed out of the room as Gao Feng continued to mutter to himself, “Things should be fine, right? Such a loud shriek, I hope nothing serious happened.” 
They came to the door of the room next door. They knocked. The door remained shut. 
Director Li had locked it from the inside since he had planned to make a move on Mo Xicheng. 
Now Gao Feng was unable to open the door. Anxiously, he muttered, “Why is it still locked?” 
Then suddenly, at this critical moment, they heard another loud cry, “Argghh!” 
Ignoring everything else, Gao Feng immediately raised his leg and gave the door a mighty kick. 
The door burst open and Gao Feng charged in, calling out, “Mo Xicheng, are you ok?” 
Barely after he had said this, he was stunned by the unbelievable scene that greeted him. 
Mo Xicheng was standing authoritatively over Director Li, who was rolling in pain on the floor, clutching his own crotch. 
Gao Feng thought he must be seeing things. He rubbed his eyes and looked again. 
Then he saw the expression on Mo Xicheng’s face as the man glared at Director Li. There was a sternness and frostiness that no one had ever seen on the man. 
That look made Gao Feng shudder at once. 
Then he gulped. 
Realizing that someone had entered the room, Mo Xicheng looked up impassively. When he saw Gao Feng, he was slightly taken aback. 
He had not expected Gao Feng to dash in and, even more unexpected, were the words of concern the older man had uttered. He frowned in confusion. 
There was no such thing as a free meal in this world. 
Gao Feng had followed him all the way here and helped him time and again. There had to be a reason behind it. 
He nodded at Gao Feng and took a napkin from the table to clean his own hands. After this, he nodded at Gao Feng again as he walked out of the room. 
After taking a few steps, he heard Director Li, who was still rolling on the ground in pain, shouting out, “Mo Xicheng, you dare to hit me, I’ll make sure you’re ruined! That you won’t be able to continue in show business! And this whatever investment project that your company is looking at, don’t even dream about it!” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng halted and turned around. 
His gaze swept up and down Director Li, causing the man to get another fright. He shuddered and fell silent. 
Staring at him, Mo Xicheng said after a moment, “So you’ll deal with me just like how you dealt with Liu Liu?” 
Director Li was stunned by those words. 
Mo Xicheng sneered, “Do you know where Liu Liu is now?” 
The man shook his head. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze with a sorrowful expression. “He took his own life, Director Li. Can’t you not feel him watching over you, waiting to see the end that awaits you?”
###Chapter 1499: He Is My Son (72) 
Director Li felt his goosebumps rising when Mo Xicheng said this. He gulped as the latter gave another frosty laugh and walked out of the room. 
– 
Mo Xicheng had a gloomy expression on his face when he left the room. It was hard to restrain the anger he was feeling. 
Even Gao Feng, who was a veteran in the business world, was feeling the pressure that this anger was exerting. 
Frowning as he followed Mo Xicheng, he asked, “Who is Liu Liu?” 
Mo Xicheng turned and glanced at Gao Feng without answering his question. Instead, he asked, “Uncle Gao, I have a question for you.” 
Gao Feng hesitated for a moment and then said, “Go ahead.” 
Mo Xicheng asked, “May I know why you’re helping me?” 
Immediately, Gao Feng replied, “Someone asked me to, so I’m obligated! It’s not as though I have a choice, so I hope you’re not a blockhead. Look, you lashed out at Director Li in a fit of anger, but did you think about how you’re going to explain to Mo Zhi tomorrow that you haven’t been able to secure the investment deal?” 
Since Gao Feng was so secretive and did not want to be upfront, Mo Xicheng couldn’t help raising his guard. 
He had only just started working in the company and did not have much understanding of the people and how things worked in the office. He had no idea whose side Gao Feng was on, but he knew that the man had been very supportive of Mo Zhi in the past. Now that Gao Feng was suddenly being so helpful with him, he was extremely cautious. 
Hence, he did not want to say too much. 
Instead, he said, “I’ll deal with things as they come.” 
Gao Feng was angered by the young man’s words at once. He chided Mo Xicheng, “How can you just leave things till then? Obviously, Mo Zhi has laid a trap for you to walk into! Don’t you know what sort of person Director Li is? Now you’re stuck and I’d like to see how you’re going to explain this to the company. It’s bad enough that you didn’t secure the project, now to top it off you’ve offended Director Li! Do you know that man’s background? Offending him means offending half the directors in the industry. For sure Mo Zhi will give you a good scolding tomorrow. Yet you’re telling me you have no idea how you’re going to deal with this?” 
Gao Feng didn’t look like he was pretending. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and nodded at Gao Feng once again, then he turned and walked away. 
Gao Feng turned pale with anger and said angrily to his assistant, “This rotten egg! He’s a worse idiot than I imagined. Does he really think he’s the young master of the Mo family? Or one of those wealthy second-generation kids who can do whatever they damn please? I used to think that he was a decent humble celebrity. Who would’ve thought that he’d become this audacious? He thinks that Mo Hai will protect him if he gets into trouble? How could someone like that be Li Shu’s son? He doesn’t even measure up to Mo Zhi.” 
He said these words heaving angrily. After venting his anger, he frowned and turned to look into the private room, muttering, “What do we do now? For sure we won’t be able to placate Director Li. Mo Zhi is going to harp on this in tomorrow’s meeting. He- We’re not going to have an easy time in the office from now on.” 
His assistant sighed as well and said, “Indeed.” 
He frowned and took another deep breath. “Nevermind, I’ll just do my best to defend him tomorrow. That’s all I can do. From then on, he just has to rely on his luck. At least after this episode, I’ll have fulfilled my obligations towards Li Shu.” 
He lowered his head with frustration.
###Chapter 1500: He Is My Son (73) 
After Mo Xicheng walked out of the private room, he headed home. 
Driving along the way, he thought of Liu Liu again. 
Liu Liu had been the first friend he had had after joining the show business, as he started his career. 
He remembered how devastated the man had been when he was forced to leave the country. He recalled the day about a year later, when he received the call from the overseas lawyer saying that the late Liu Liu had left everything to him, and the shock he had felt when he was told the man had taken his life. 
He lowered his gaze and wound down the car window. 
The wind came in. 
There was something in the heat of the summer wind that made one restless. 
He turned to look out of the car window, at the glittering lights, suddenly feeling a tinge of regret. 
If at the time he had been able to stand up on his own and help avenge Liu Liu, would the man have found some hope in life again, and not take such a drastic measure
Mo Xicheng choked with emotions. Soon, he arrived home. 
“CEO Mo, we’ve arrived.” 
He looked up to glance at the villa building and then nodded at his assistant. “Take the car with you, pick me up for work tomorrow.” 
The assistant immediately nodded and said, “Roger.” 
Mo Xicheng got out of the car and opened the front door of the villa. As he stepped in, he realized the house was brightly lit. 
He froze momentarily, as though remembering something suddenly. Hastening his steps, he pushed the door open and walked through the doorway. 
The moment the door was pushed open, a small birthday cake appeared before him. He lifted his gaze and saw Shi Nianyao holding the cake. She tilted her head and grinned at him. After he got into the house, she started singing, “Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you!” 
In that heartwarming moment, the melancholy and loneliness he had felt a moment ago vanished at once. 
He lowered his head to look at the cake and an unconscious smile spread across his face. He asked, “How did you know it’s my birthday today?” 
Shi Nianyao stuck out her tongue at him. Placing the cake on the coffee table, she replied, “What don’t I know about you? Today is your birthday on the solar calendar. I know that you have a fan-meeting event on your lunar birthday and I may not be able to celebrate it with you then. So I’m celebrating with you today!” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and slid his jacket off. He went to wash his hands and, upon his return, he noticed that Shi Nianyao was looking at him with bright and sparkling eyes. She pointed at the cake and asked, “Is it pretty?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and looked at the cake. It was decorated with a border of roses and had the words “Happy Birthday Mo Xicheng” on it. 
It was a normal birthday cake, but seeing the excitement and anticipation in the girl’s eyes, he said, “Yes, it’s pretty.” 
“Really?” she asked. Then she proudly proclaimed, “I made this myself!” 
He was stunned and repeated, “Made it yourself?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded immediately and said, “Uh huh. But these modern cake recipes are really difficult to master! I tried all day and you have no idea how many I’ve destroyed before I got this right. Hahaha, I think it’s pretty too.” 
After saying all of that, she led Mo Xicheng to the sofa and made him sit down. Then she said, “Alright, birthday boy, now you can make a wish and blow out the candles!” 
These words warmed his heart. Nodding and closing his eyes, he made a wish. With one blow, he turned off the lit candles. 
When he looked up again, he saw her eyes sparkling as she asked, “What did you wish for?”

###Chapter 1501: He Is My Son (74) 
The corners of Mo Xicheng’s mouth curved into a captivating smile. He hesitated and asked, “You really want to know?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded immediately. 
Mo Xicheng gestured for her to come closer. She turned her face to the side and leaned in, ready to hear what the man had to say. 
Following this, Mo Xicheng leaned in as well. Just as she thought he was going to speak, she suddenly felt something damp running over her ear, a wet lick. 
That warmth sent an electric current that flowed from her ears through her body to the tips of her fingers and toes. She weakened at once. 
She spun her head around and saw Mo Xicheng smiling faintly. 
She blushed as she realized what Mo Xicheng had done. 
She coughed awkwardly and then asked, “Why aren’t you telling me?” 
Mo Xicheng moved closer to her. He reached out, put his arm around her waist, and then whispered lightly into her ear, “If I say it aloud, it won’t come true.” n?ed.＆nbsp;
Shi Nianyao: … 
He continued, “Did you get me a birthday present?” 
Birthday present
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes. Wasn’t the birthday cake a present
But since her idol had said this, it seemed like the cake did not qualify as a present. 
Where was she going to find a present for her idol now?! 
As she contemplated the question, Mo Xicheng asked, “Nianyao, can you stay the night?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Looking torn and awkward, she said as she glanced at Mo Xicheng, “Hehe, I have to be home before 10 p.m.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
He looked at the time. It was already 9 p.m. 
That would mean that she would have to leave by 9:30 p.m. 
They only had half an hour left together. 
Mo Xicheng suddenly felt like a deeply grieving wife. They obviously were a married couple, so why was their union proving to be so impossible?! 
He sighed with disappointment and continued to look at Shi Nianyao. After a moment, he suddenly said, “Well then, safekeep the birthday present until you have the opportunity to give it to me.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She burst out laughing as she nodded. 
She pondered for a moment, then suddenly extended her hands and slipped them around his neck. She moved in and kissed him squarely. 
Mo Xicheng was taken aback and immediately tightened his arms around her waist, as though attempting to merge her into him. 
It was a kiss that was never enough. When they finally pulled away from each other to look at the time, it was already 9:30 p.m. 
Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
Had it been half an hour already? It had just been a short kiss, hadn’t it
Mo Xicheng noticed her expression darkening as she looked at the time. Immediately, he picked up the cake and said, “Let’s try this cake baked by the little Yao Yao.” 
Her attention was redirected at once as she reached for a plate and cut a slice of cake. She held out the plate to him. Like a child who had accomplished a task and waited to be praised, she sat there looking at him. 
He said, “It’s yummy.” 
At once, she felt like the world was perfect. 
After Mo Xicheng had finished the cake, she hung her head in disappointment again. 
He got onto his feet and reached out to take her hand. “Alright then, let’s get you home.” 
Now that her parents were home and watching over her like hawks, for sure they would start taking turns to call her if she went home late. Hence, she said as she stood up, “Alright.”
###Chapter 1502: He Is My Son (75) 
As Mo Xicheng put on his jacket, Shi Nianyao lowered her head and walked dejectedly towards the door. 
The two of them left the house and walked to the parking lot to get Shi Nianyao’s car. Mo Xicheng got into the driver seat and Shi Nianyao got into the front passenger seat. 
He started up the car. 
Shi Nianyao felt terribly reluctant. 
She had waited all day and had finally succeeded at baking that cake. Had that all been just for half an hour with her idol
She felt completely cheated. 
She didn’t want to just leave like that! 
She turned, glanced at her idol’s side profile and bit her lip uncontrollably. 
Then she randomly said, “On my birthday, my dad and mom would give me presents, and so would my big brother and his wife. How did you spend your birthdays?” 
After she said those words, she suddenly felt that her question was quite redundant. 
It was his birthday on the solar calendar, but he must have forgotten it, given that he had returned home so late. ?ne?. ?ｍ
Then she tried to make up for how silly that first question had sounded. “I think you spent your last two birthdays with your fans. Actually, it’s not too bad having your fans there to accompany you every year! It’s a blessing.” 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes darkened at those words. 
He suddenly said, “Actually, that’s not my birthday.” 
Shi Nianyao was taken aback by what the man had said. “What?” 
He turned towards her and said, “The day that I spend with my fans every year is not my birthday. The month of my birth recorded in our household registration booklet and my identity card is not my actual month of birth.” 
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes in astonishment as she asked, “How could that be?” 
The man smiled and said, “Why not? At the time, Mo Zhi and I were born just hours apart. The family felt that it was inauspicious, so they changed my birth month to a month later. And you know that all your personal data is based on your identity card, so I never bothered to explain all this to the fans. In any case, it doesn’t matter which day I celebrate it, so I just went with what’s on the papers.” 
Shi Nianyao frowned upon hearing those words and said, “How could we do that? So how do you spend your actual birthday every year?” 
He replied, “I don’t celebrate my birthday because I don’t have many friends.” 
He didn’t celebrate his birthday, not because he didn’t want to, but because no one celebrated it with him. 
She recalled that on his birthday last year, the company had organized a small birthday party for him. Shen Liangchuan had also turned up for it. 
But all of that was superficial glamor, so what was the use of it
That day wasn’t Mo Xicheng’s birthday at all. 
She bit her lip and lowered her head to make a quick mental calculation. Then she exclaimed in astonishment, “I just realized that if your birthday’s a month later in your identity card, then it seems like it’s really your birthday today. What a coincidence!” 
Mo Xicheng laughed when he heard this and agreed, “Uh huh, what a coincidence.” 
She stared at the man and, oddly, felt the irony of it all. 
Instantly, she felt a heartache that spread throughout her body. 
She lowered her head and picked up her cell phone to send a message to the group chat with her parents: [Mom, Dad, I won’t be home tonight.] 
Then she lifted her head to look at Mo Xicheng. She said, “Turn the car back.” 
The man was taken aback. “Huh?” 
She said, “Let’s go home and celebrate your birthday! Didn’t you want a birthday present from me?”
###Chapter 1503: He Is My Son (76) 
The night scene of Beijing was slightly hazy. 
Under the light of the street lamps, Mo Xicheng turned to look at Shi Nianyao. He could pain and determination written all over her face. 
He looked away as he said, “But your parents—” 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Uh huh?” 
“I just want to spend a happy birthday with you today. Besides, we’re married. Where my parents are concerned, let’s deal with it as it comes?” 
Deal with it as it comes. 
Mo Xicheng had never been a person to make last-minute decisions. But right now, looking at her and thinking that it was his own birthday today, the feeling of extreme loneliness was overwhelming. 
He narrowed his eyes and, for some reason, did not decline. 
Shi Nianyao continued, “And tonight, I’m your birthday present.” 
Mo Xicheng was stunned once again. As his heart beat, something erupted inside and he wordlessly made an about-turn. . 
Then he drove Shi Nianyao towards his home again. 
Along the way, his face was expressionless and he did not speak a word. 
Shi Nianyao noticed this and, strangely, started to feel nervous. 
Her heart rate quickened. If she was tested right now, the doctors would probably find that her heart rate had shot through the roof. 
She clenched and unclenched her fists a few times. The way back to the villa was both too long and too short. 
Amidst the agitation they were feeling, the car pulled up at the villa they had left not so long ago. 
The main gate of the villa shut automatically and the car stopped in the courtyard, rather than in the garage. Shi Nianyao was going to mention that it looked like it would rain tonight, so they had better park in the garage, but before she could even utter a word, Mo Xicheng had turned around and with a swift movement of his hand, he swept her chin upwards so that her lips met his in a hot and passionate kiss. 
Shi Nianyao was taken by surprise but when she finally realized what was happening, she boldly embraced the man’s neck at once and responded fervently to his kiss. 
Immersed in desire, they almost forgot where they were. By the time they pulled away from each other, they were gasping for air. 
There was an underlying restraint in Mo Xicheng’s hoarse voice as asked, “Yao Yao, have you really thought it through?” 
The girl looked serious as she nodded stubbornly. “I’ve thought it through.” 
His eyes darkened as he opened the driver seat door and got out of the car. He walked over to the front passenger seat and opened the door. Then he held Shi Nianyao in his arms and strode into the living room. 
Although this had been Shi Nianyao’s suggestion, when it came to the actual deed, she suddenly shrank back and Mo Xicheng ended up being the one making all the first moves. 
Mo Xicheng placed her down on the sofa and just as he was about to get on top of her, Shi Nianyao panicked. She raised her hand and said, “I- I want to take a shower.” 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes darkened and he laughed immediately, saying, “A lovers’ shower?” 
She turned a bright scarlet at once. 
He pondered it for a moment and said, “Hang on for a second.” 
Then he went upstairs. 
She sat on the sofa, raising her head to look upstairs, unsure of what was going on. 
After a moment, Mo Xicheng came back downstairs. 
He had already changed into his pajamas and was walking briskly, as though in a great hurry. 
She lowered her head quickly, so shy that she dared not meet his gaze
###Chapter 1504: He Is My Son (77) 
The world outside ceased to exist the moment Mo Xicheng lifted Shi Nianyao from the sofa. Her body went limp, her strength deserting her as she leaned into his steady embrace. She was so consumed by the gravity of the moment that she almost forgot to breathe as he carried her toward the master bedroom.
Inside the en suite, the air was thick with swirling steam. "Yao Yao, shall we take a shower first?" he asked softly. She could only nod, her mind a blur of nerves and anticipation.
It wasn't until she felt the heat of the bathwater against her skin that the reality of the situation truly hit her. Through the mist, she watched Mo Xicheng step into the tub. Panic flared for a second; she wanted to stand up and flee, but the realization of her own nakedness kept her pinned beneath the water. In her haste to hide, she slipped.
Reflexes sharp as ever, Mo Xicheng caught her. The slip forced their bodies together, and suddenly, there was nothing but the heat of the water between them. She could feel the raw power of his frame—intimidating, yet addictive. Trembling, she reached out to embrace his waist.
Mo Xicheng froze for a heartbeat before raining gentle kisses down upon her. "Yao Yao, don’t be afraid. I’ll be gentle," he promised. "I love you. I will always be true to you."
He kept his word. With patience and tenderness, he led her through her first time, ensuring her comfort above all else. For Shi Nianyao, the experience was like a dream—unreal and far less painful than she had feared. Instead, she felt like a tidal wave was washing over her, pulling her to peaks of sensation she had never imagined before finally letting her drift back down into the valley of sleep.
Satisfied and deeply content, Mo Xicheng watched her as she finally fell into a deep slumber against his shoulder. In that moment, he felt that she was all he would ever need in this world.

The Brewing Storm
While the couple found sanctuary in their shared room, the atmosphere at the Shi family home was anything but peaceful.
Shi Jinyan, Nianyao’s father, paced the floor, his face darkening with every unanswered call to his daughter's cell phone. The silence on the other end of the line only fueled his mounting fury. He was not a man to be ignored, especially when it came to his daughter.
"Let’s go and look for them!" he barked, grabbing his things.
He had the address of "that rascal" Mo Xicheng, and he had no intention of letting the night end without a confrontation. The sanctuary Mo Xicheng and Nianyao had built was about to be put to its ultimate test.
###Chapter 1505: He Is My Son (78) 
After saying this, Shi Jinyan walked to the side of the room and picked up his jacket. He strode to the front door and instructed the butler, “Get the car ready.” 
“Roger.” 
The butler followed his order straightaway. 
The man frowned, took out his cell phone and called again. Still, the voicemail just repeated, “The number you have dialed is not available at the moment.” 
In a fit of anger, he flung his cell phone onto the sofa. He complained, “As a girl, she needs to protect herself. Staying out all night is too much! Nianyao was alway a good girl and never made anyone worry. It’s Mo Xicheng’s fault that she’s now like that! This must have been his suggestion. A young man unable to restrain himself… does he think Nianyao is like any other girl out there? He thinks he can just spend the night with her as he pleases? No way! I have to bring her home!” 
At this point, he headed towards the door. He took no further than a few steps when Si Jingyu called out, “Come back here.” 
Shi Jinyan halted and turned around. Si Jingyu took one step towards him and stared at him, not quite knowing how to react. She said, “Going all the way there is going to take you at least an hour. They will have done whatever they wanted to do.” 
Shi Jinyan paused as he turned pale with anger. “What- what do we do then?” 
At this point, he lowered his head, took out his cell phone again and said, “I’ll call that rascal! If he dares to touch my daughter, I’ll skin him alive.” 
Si Jingyu saw the humor in this, but found it annoying anyway. Taking his hand, she said to the man calmly, “What’s the point of doing that? They hang out together during the day and it’s not like you can watch over them every minute. Do you think they can do such things only at night? They have nothing but time during the day! Besides, Yao Yao took good care of herself, even when she was studying abroad. Now that she’s back, you shouldn’t expect that she will suddenly change her behavior. I’m telling you, even if they are doing something, the times have changed, haven’t they? What’s wrong if they wish to be together? You can’t impose your traditional thinking on the kids nowadays.” d. 
Shi Jinyan had no chance of a comeback with Si Jingyu. He could only choke and say, “But- but she still should come home for the night!” 
Si Jingyu couldn’t help but lower her head and smile. She said, “Well, does it all boil down to the fact that you simply can’t let Yao Yao go?” 
Shi Jinyan gave a light cough at this point and squinted as he looked away. He protested, “It’s not that! I—” 
“Actually I can’t bear to let her go either. I raised her myself from the time she was a baby till now, that she’s an adult, and in love. She was obsessed over a celebrity and now, after all the upheavals, she’s found herself the man she loves. Of course, I feel like she now belongs to someone else. But as parents, what can we do? It’s a matter of time until the kids get their own families. When Shi Xun was getting married, didn’t we also feel neglected?” 
“Besides, if you dashed over there now and caught them red-handed, what then? Yao Yao would be embarrassed and Mo Xicheng would feel bad. Both of them would feel awkward, so what’s the point? Let the young people have some space to be independent. It’s a good thing.” 
Si Jingyu’s words finally calmed Shi Jinyan. He pondered it for a moment, then took a deep breath and hung his head. Feeling abandoned, he said, “Indeed, our precious little girl has grown up and has become someone else’s.”
###Chapter 1506: He Is My Son (79) 
Si Jingyu walked over to stand next to him when she heard his words. She took his hand and looked at him, saying, “Children are like debts. Whatever we owe our parents, we return it in the form of our own children. Isn’t that how we Chinese pass from one generation to another? So don’t fret about it too much. Our daughter will get married, it’s just a matter of time. Now that she has found someone she loves, and who is also willing to dote on her, isn’t that a good thing?” 
Shi Jinyan pondered her words. 
The fact was that he knew his anger had been unreasonable. But as a parent, he really could not bear to let go, and he had yet to get his head around it. 
Now that Si Jingyu had said these things, it made him feel like he was just throwing a tantrum. 
He sat down on the sofa, sighed and then said, “Nevermind then, let’s just leave it.” 
– 
When the first rays of the morning sun flooded the room through the windows, Shi Nianyao’s eyelids twitched slightly. She opened her tired eyes. 
She felt a heavy weighing on her waist, and she wasn’t able to turn around. She reached out to touch it. 
Then she realized it was an arm. 
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes and looked at her surroundings that were both familiar and strange at once. The happenings of the night before played in her mind like a movie and she started to blush. 
Biting her lip, she wanted to turn her head around to look at the man next to her, but she found herself unable to move. She could only feel their entwined bodies under the blanket and the warmth of the man next to her. 
After a while, she heard the man’s deep and resonant drawl, “You’re awake?” 
She sighed in relief. Burying part of her face in the blanket, she slowly moved her body and turned towards him. 
Out of shyness, she didn’t quite look at him straight in the eyes, but she smiled faintly as she bit her lip. i. 
With that movement, she could feel the weakness and soreness of her legs. 
She did not speak. Then a large hand rested on her thigh as he asked her, “Is it painful?” 
She immediately shook her head. 
He smiled and said, “It must have been tough on you last night.” 
She reflexively buried her head deeper into the blanket. 
Right after she did that, her head reemerged. She then looked at him and warned him sternly, “You’re not allowed to fart!” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Seeing how adorable she was, he couldn’t help but smile. As she withdrew back into the blanket, he asked again, “Feeling shy?” 
“Uh huh.” 
“Come out here, it’s too hot under the blanket. You’ll get sick.” 
“No.” 
“Come out here quickly.” 
“I don’t want to.” 
“What will it take for you to come out here?” 
“Nothing. I just won’t.” 
Seeing how insistent she was, he had no choice but to lift the blanket and then get under it himself. 
Because it was summer, the blanket was thin. Although it was slightly dimmer underneath, Mo Xicheng could still see quite clearly. 
The moment she saw him, Shi Nianyao stared at him with her widened eyes. Her cheeks were flushed crimson as shyness glistened in her eyes. She buried her face in the blanket, not daring to speak or move. 
He reached out to put his arm around her waist and said as he held her, “Don’t be shy, Nianyao.” 
Still, she pulled the blanket over her face tightly, refusing to emerge from the sheets. 
Fearing that the heat might make her sick, he thought for a moment and said suddenly, “Hey, do you think your Dad might be on his way here right now?”
###Chapter 1507: He Is My Son (80) 
Those words caused Shi Nianyao to freeze immediately. Before he knew it, she had thrown the blanket away and jumped off the bed fully naked, asking, “Where are my clothes? Where are my clothes?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Mo Xicheng slowly got out of bed, put on his pajamas and started to walk towards the door. 
At this point, Shi Nianyao was clutching a bathrobe, walking in circles around the room and fretting. 
The man walked to the wardrobe and took out a fresh set of clothes. Holding the clothes out to her, he said, “Here, put these on.” 
Shi Nianyao lowered her head to look at the clothes in his hand. She reached out for them and suddenly asked, “Why are there women’s clothes here?” 
He did not miss the expression of jealousy on her face. She didn’t want to say it aloud and had instead probed for an answer. Mo Xicheng was terribly amused. 
He replied primly, “Indeed, why are there women’s clothes here?” 
He quickly added when he saw Shi Nianyao turn around, “Uh huh, it must be because I’m no longer single and have a wife now. And if my wife spends the night here, I need to give her a fresh change of clothes, don’t I?” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
He said this in such a serious manner that it felt odd. 
She bit her lip and took the clothes. Holding them up against herself, she realized they were her size. She smiled and walked over to the changing room. After she had changed and washed up, she came back out. 
By the time Shi Nianyao was ready, she realized that Mo Xicheng was no longer upstairs. 
She walked out of the master bedroom and stood along the second floor corridor. She could hear sounds coming from the kitchen. 
One step at a time, she walked down the stairs and towards the kitchen. From where she stood, she could see Mo Xicheng near the kitchen entrance. He was wearing an apron and was busy frying an egg. 
His movements were sharp and neat. He broke the eggs into the frying pan and after two minutes, he took them out and placed them between the slices of toasted bread. Then he cut up slices of fruits and poured out two glasses of milk. 
He worked quickly and smoothly with fluid actions. After he was done, he walked out of the kitchen with the cooked dishes in his hands. 
When he saw her, he said, “I’m not sure what sort of breakfast you like and I don’t have any rice at home. But I’ll go and buy some after work tonight so that I can cook you porridge in the future.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded as her gaze fell on the breakfast that Mo Xicheng had prepared. 
She reached out to take the plates from him and sat down with him at the dining table. She finished her breakfast quickly and got onto her feet, saying, “You need to go to work soon anyway, so I’ll go home for now.” 
Mo Xicheng paused and then replied, “I have a meeting this morning. Do you want to wait till noon and I take you home then?” 
Since she had stayed out all night, her father and elder brother must be going crazy. 
He did not want her to face the pressure alone and wanted to accompany her home. 
Shi Nianyao immediately said with a wave of her hand, “No, no, it’s ok. I’m fine by myself. Dad and Big Brother both dote on me and won’t make things difficult for me. At worst, they’ll grumble about you, but don’t you worry about it.” i?r． ?m
Mo Xicheng: … 
He got onto his feet as well when he saw Shi Nianyao standing up to leave. Very insistent about his principles, he said, “I’ll take you home.” 
Surprised, Shi Nianyao said, “But don’t you need to go to work?” 
He replied, “It’s ok, I can take you home first before I go to work, it’s on the way.”
###Chapter 1508: He Is My Son (81) 
Seeing how insistent he was, Shi Nianyao knew it was no use trying to talk him out of it. She could only nod and agree. 
After getting ready, they left the house. 
Just as they approached the gate, they saw that the Shi family car had stopped right outside. When the chauffeur saw the couple, he immediately got out of the car and said, “Miss, Madam has asked me to come and take you home.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Mo Xicheng gave Shi Nianyao a glance and said at once, “I will take her home.” 
The chauffeur nodded. 
All along the way home, he drove behind them. 
Through the rearview mirror, he could see that Shi Nianyao was restless and nervous. 
He couldn’t help but tease her, “Where’s the bravery you had last night when you asked me to turn the car around?” 
She lowered her head and muttered, “It was because of the temptation to sleep with my idol last night, but that’s not the case anymore.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
The remark stumped him instantly. He threw a few glances at her and shook his head as he continued driving. 
Very soon, they arrived at the Shi family home. As his car pulled to a stop in the courtyard, he could see Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan making their way out of the living room hurriedly and then towards the cars. 
Shi Nianyao remained seated in the front passenger seat and took a few deep breaths before opening the car door. 
She immediately smiled and called out, “Mom!” 
Si Jingyu shook her head at the girl at once. 
Mo Xicheng got out of the driver seat. He looked at the both of them, nodded and greeted them,”Mom, Dad.” 
Si Jingyu was speechless. 
And so was Shi Jinyan. 
The man immediately said, “Don’t call us that, we’re not your in-laws yet!” 
Before he could finish, Si Jingyu tugged at his sleeve. Shi Jinyan fell silent and did not continue. 
Si Jingyu looked at Mo Xicheng up and down a few times, suddenly smiled and asked, “Have you had breakfast?” 
Before Mo Xicheng could reply, Shi Nianyao quickly said, “Yes, we did, my idol made me sandwiches and milk for breakfast.” 
Si Jingyu looked at the young man in astonishment and said, “You can cook?” 
He lowered his gaze and nodded. “I learnt it in my free time.” 
Looking quite satisfied, she said, “It’s good to learn as much as you can in life. And it’s good to experience different things. But you probably have a brighter future than Nianyao. Long ago, when she was learning how to cook, she set the kitchen on fire.” 
“Not that I have a brighter future, but after having gone through so much trial and error, I’ve learnt to make a decent meal.” 
Si Jingyu nodded. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng up and down again and recalled Li Shu’s words. She couldn’t help but sigh. Indeed, as they say, it’s all in the genes. 
Even though this young man had had his rightful place swapped when he was a baby, he had inherited Li Shu’s unmistakable intellectual aura. 
“It is a real pity,” the woman thought, “that this young man has lived such a plight.” ?nra. m
Turning to Shi Nianyao, she said, “Since you’ve eaten, isn’t it time to go to work?” 
“What?” Shi Nianyao was confused. 
Had she misheard? Why weren’t her parents interrogating her about what had happened last night
She turned, gave Mo Xicheng a puzzled look and heard the young man saying, “I’ll go to work now.” 
Shi Nianyao was still in a daze after Mo Xicheng left. But turning around to look at her parents, she realized they didn’t look like they were going to pursue the matter. 
She stuck her tongue out in relief and quickly ran upstairs.
###Chapter 1509: He Is My Son (82) 
It was already 9 a.m. when Mo Xicheng left the Shi family home. 
By the time he got to the office, it was 9:40 a.m.—ten minutes late again. 
He parked the car and headed up the building hastily. 
Just as he stepped into the office, his assistant immediately said, “CEO Mo, you’re finally here! Senior CEO Mo called a few times to hurry you to the meeting. He sounded quite annoyed.” 
Mo Xicheng paused in the midst of loosening his tie upon hearing this. 
Then he nodded at his assistant and said, “Ok, I got it.” 
Along the way to the office, he had been contemplating the expression in Si Jingyu’s eyes when she had looked at him up and down. i?re?. ?m
That expression had quite clearly been an acknowledgment of his position. 
He had hence been so happy that he hadn’t thought his good mood was just about to come to an end. 
He picked up the teacup on his desk and took a sip. Then he prepared to go upstairs. 
When he stepped into the meeting room, he saw that all the senior management staff were there and he was the last one in. 
Mo Zhi didn’t refrain from making a caustic remark, “My, our CEO Mo is finally here, late! When you were late yesterday, you had the excuse that it was your first day of work. What about today then? Is it your first day of work again?” 
Mo Xicheng did not respond to the taunting remark. He merely found himself a seat and sat down as though he had heard nothing. Mo Zhi almost exploded with fury at his arrogance. 
He frowned and was about to say something when someone on the side gave a meaningful cough. 
Mo Zhi halted and turned to look. Someone leaned in and whispered in his ear, “CEO Mo, it makes you look petty if you nitpick on small things. Why don’t we just quickly move to the meeting agenda?” 
The agenda. 
Mo Zhi’s mind suddenly snapped. That’s right, that’s right, get to the agenda. 
He cleared his throat and smirked as he turned towards Mo Xicheng. “Mo Xicheng, you had a meeting with Director Li yesterday to discuss the collaboration. You gave your word and even went personally. I’d like to know how the discussion went.” 
Everyone turned simultaneously to look at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng replied calmly, “I’m afraid this collaboration is not going to happen.” 
The moment he said this, Mo Zhi instantly attacked him. “Not going to happen? What do you mean not going to happen? When we called Director Li yesterday, he showed a keen interest in our company, but now you’re telling us it’s not going to happen? What’s the meaning of this? What did you do with Director Li yesterday?!” 
At this point, Gao Feng sprang onto his feet to mitigate the problem. “Director Li has never had a good reputation in the industry. He’s a man with no moral values. If this project doesn’t work, then let it be! After all, even if it would have made a profit, the fact is that his reputation is bad.” 
Mo Zhi instantly sneered at that remark, “Uncle Gao, you take it too seriously. We are businessmen, not entertainers. We only look at margins, not reputation! Besides, do you know what he did to Director Li?!” 
Mo Zhi did not wait to be asked and continued, “He actually gave the man a fatal kick in the crotch!” 
“Woah!” 
With this remark, a small commotion suddenly broke out in the meeting room. 
Mo Zhi glared at Mo Xicheng furiously and hollered, “Even if you did not manage to seal a deal, this meeting wasn’t for you to make us an enemy. What you’ve done is just great, you’ve disobeyed.”
###Chapter 1510: He Is My Son (83) 
“Do you know that Director Li was sent to the hospital? The doctor said that you caused permanent damage in the area you kicked.” 
“Director Li called me, yelled at me and also said that he’s not going to let the Mo family off easily. Do you know Director Li’s background? Now that you’ve offended him, are you planning to leave the Mo family in dire straits?” 
“And also, who would have thought you’re so rash and careless, despite your steady and confident exterior? Who do you think you are? Did you think just because you’ve stepped into this company, it means you’re a rich second-generation heir? And that you can just beat up anyone as you wish? Are you stupid or something?” 
Gao Feng couldn’t bear to hear all of this berating from Mo Zhi and tried to intervene, “Alright, it’s history now. It’s not the time to hold anyone accountable, but to think of what the next step should be.” 
Mo Zhi sneered, “Next step? Director Li calls the shots for about half of the entertainment industry. Now that we’ve offended him, you’re asking what the next step is? How would I know? I should be asking you the same question! After what has happened, no one will want to collaborate with us even if we throw money at them. Any directors or filming productions that have previously collaborated with Director Li will ignore us! And in the future, even after the TV and Film City has been built, we may not even be able to get any films to the big screen.” 
“Mo Xicheng, do you know what you’ve done? Dad even went as far as saying you’re capable and asked me to look after you, but you? You locked the HR manager in your office yesterday and created trouble all day, and today it’s this crap. I think you’re not serious about working here in the long term.” 
Gao Feng tried to mitigate it again. “Enough, let’s not talk about these things. Where Director Li is concerned, I can bring him some gifts and offer an apology personally. Where the film is concerned—” 
Mo Zhi interrupted with an icy sneer, “Bring him some gifts and offer an apology? Do you think this will solve the problem? Let me tell you, Director Li has said that he’s found a lawyer to sue Mo Xicheng and our company.” 
Someone said immediately, “This trouble was caused by Mo Xicheng alone, what has it got to do with the company
“That’s right, what has it got to do with us?” 
“Sigh, didn’t we say we shouldn’t get a person who has no experience to interfere with the company’s business? Interpersonal relationships are complex. He’s new after all and doesn’t know anything.” 
“We should ask Senior CEO Mo to get him out of the CEO position! 
“Exactly. How can we allow someone like him to hold such a high position?” 
Seeing that everyone in the meeting room was interrupting with their opinions, Gao Feng quickly said, “Everyone makes mistakes at one point or another. As long as we make up for it, it’s good.” 
Mo Zhi could not help but laugh at this remark. “Make up for it? About the only other director in the industry who is on par with Director Li is Director Wang. Now that we’ve offended Director Li, unless our friend here can get a deal of about the same scale, I don’t see how else he can make up for it.” 
After he had made that remark, Mo Xicheng spoke, “What makes you say I’m incapable to get a film investment deal of about the same scale?” 
Everyone in the room turned simultaneously to look at him. 
Mo Zhi frowned and glared at the other man. After a moment, he said, “That is impossible! Among all the recent projects, Director Li’s film is the biggest one.” 
The corners of Mo Xicheng’s mouth curved into a frosty smirk as he said, “What makes you think this is the biggest film project?”
###Chapter 1511: He Is My Son (84) 
Mo Zhi frowned and sneered, “Well then, tell us about a bigger project! Let me tell you, although many films are looking for investors, the good films are certainly not lacking investors. Don’t you try to pull wool over our eyes with some small-time film.” 
All the senior management staff agreed with his remark. 
“Exactly, it must not be a niche film, or a run-of-the-mill commercial production.” 
“Ultimately, our TV and Film City’s first investment project has got to be an upmarket project. Otherwise, it would takes us in a bad direction for the future.” 
“…” 
Everyone commented on this while Gao Feng, who was sitting among them, frowned. 
Someone in the group asked him in a low voice, “Gao Feng, what are your thoughts?” 
The man sneered coldly. 
Everyone knew that recently, there had indeed been no other film better positioned than Director Li’s film, from an investment perspective. 
This Mo Xicheng, did he think that as long as he pumped funds into a film, it would make the film appear more elegant and high-quality
Although there were many scripts available, truly good ones were rare. 
Indeed, he was young and naive to think that he could secure a deal to just gloss over the matter. 
Gao Feng was even angrier now. 
The young man hadn’t heeded his advice initially and had now caused so much trouble. It remained to be seen how he was going to take care of this matter. 
If in the end things looked like they would fall apart, he would have to step in. 
At that point, Li Shu would finally realize what a blockhead her son was. 
Given this, Gao Feng fell silent and did not speak another word. 
Under the stares of those around him, Mo Xicheng casually said, “Director Li’s film is not a suitable investment for us, but coincidentally, Director Wang is preparing to shoot a new film and I’ve discussed a collaboration with him. We can invest 40 percent, would you be interested?” 
Everyone: … 
The meeting room fell silent in the light of this new information. Everyone turned to look at him. 
Director Li and Director Wang were two of the most renowned directors in the industry, although Director Li had his flaws. Besides, because of behavior, he ultimately had a bad reputation, even though his films were big hits. 
But Director Wang was different. 
He was the best in the country. 
There were always investors looking for him, pleading to invest in his films. 
How had Mo Xicheng even secured a 40 percent investment?! 
Was that even possible
Widening their eyes, everyone looked at him with an expression of disbelief. 
Only Mo Zhi gulped and then asked, “Director Wang? Which Director Wang? Don’t try to trick us with some unknown Director Wang. Even if you were the male lead in one of Director Wang’s movies, we all know he chose you only because he had to settle for the second best. Why would he give you so much of an advantage?! The way I see it, this must be another Director Wang. So be very clear, Mo Xicheng, which Director Wang are you talking about?” 
Staring straight at Mo Zhi, Mo Xicheng said confidently, “Director Wang Kan.” 
With that clarification, everyone was speechless. 
Mo Xicheng looked at everyone and then lowered his gaze. 
After Wang Kan’s film Ambition had set a new sales record, he had reinforced his position in the industry. 
And Wang Kan had an annoying trait—he would only make a film once every two years. Hence for that reason, everyone had thought that he was going to step down after filming Ambition.
###Chapter 1512: He Is My Son (85) 
Only Shen Liangchuan had known that Wang Kan had the script of Ambition 2 in hand, and the script was so amazing that he was going to prepare for filming this year. 
After taking over the Shen family enterprise, Shen Liangchuan had been looking into all sorts of investments. Hence, he had struck a deal with Director Wang. During the premiere party, when he found out that Mo Xicheng was going back to the Mo family, he had asked him to join and had sealed a three-way deal for this massive production. 
So it wasn’t surprising that the people in the company weren’t aware of this. Even right up till now, Wang Kan had not released any news. 
Mo Zhi shouted at once, “Why haven’t I heard that Director Wang is preparing for a new film? Don’t you mislead us, this must be fake news!” 
Mo Xicheng smirked and said, “And it must be fake just because you haven’t heard about it?” 
Mo Zhi hollered, “You’re just trying to buy time. Everyone knows that Director Wang will start preparing for a new film next year. You’re just saying this to buy time and to find an excuse for having offended Director Li! This must be it. Who knows what’s going to happen next year?!” 
Everyone immediately concurred. 
“That’s right, Director Wang always waits two years to release a film. It’s not possible that he would start filming this year.” 
“What you’ve said is too far-fetched. Besides, 40 percent… even if we were to give him money, would Director Wang accept it?” . 
“Is that 40 percent a figure in your imagination? Our company has just started to establish the TV and Film City, how would Director Wang possibly trust you enough to grant you 40 percent of the shares?” 
“I think this so-called collaboration may be fake. The young people nowadays… sigh! They make such irresponsible statements.” 
People started to make all sorts of comments. 
Mo Xicheng observed the commotion and glanced down. He had not tried to talk back and would rather let Mo Zhi continue his soliloquy simply because… Director Wang had mentioned that he was going to announce the filming of Ambition 2 at 10:30 a.m. today. 
Now it was 10:29 a.m. 
As he listened to these comments, he remained silent. He watched the time turn 10:30 a.m. 
He picked up his cell phone, opened Weibo and searched for Ambition’s official blog. The moment he clicked into the site, a newsflash popped up. 
Ambition 2 would start filming this year. 
During the first few seconds the news was released, no one had discovered it yet and hadn’t become a trending topic. However, after a minute, someone spotted it and suddenly it was like a bomb being set off. The news started to circulate and create a wave. 
Seeing that news was spreading fast, Mo Xicheng looked at Mo Zhi. 
Since Mo Xicheng had stayed silent, Mo Zhi thought that he had guessed right and sneered, “Everyone knows your status in the entertainment industry. You were given the lead role in Ambition only because Shen Liangchuan gave it up, so you had the chance. Are you on such good terms with Director Wang?! Huh, if so, you would have made it big long ago! All these years, you have gone nowhere. Don’t think people don’t know the reason! And don’t go thinking that we will let you off just because you mention Director Wang’s name. Let me tell you, this matter with Director Li is not over yet. The moment you stepped into this company, you foiled the company’s big project. We have to punish you.”
###Chapter 1513: He Is My Son (86) 
At Mo Zhi’s words, someone got onto his feet and added, “That’s right, it’s impossible that Director Wang would start filming this year. And our project can’t wait till next year, we have to start launching our investments soon. You really shouldn’t have used Director Wang’s name to trick us and intimidate us.” 
“Exactly. We haven’t even started discussing how to deal with you for trashing our project and here you go, bullshitting about Director Wang. We don’t even know when he’ll start another film. Do you intent to keep us waiting for your first investment?” 
“Do you even know what is going on with the project that we gave you to negotiate? This was going to be our company’s first investment in a big production. It’s a huge project with huge impacts. As though it’s not bad enough that you beat up Director Li, now you’re trying to silence us using Director Wang’s name. This is simply…” 
“…” 
One comment after the other came as Mo Xicheng looked up from his cell phone. 
He cast his gaze over the crowd and gave a frosty smile. Finally, he placed his cell phone on the table and slammed it with both hands. After the noise died down, he calmly said, “It’s been announced.” 
He said those words steadily but also casually, instantly quietening the stirred atmosphere. Everyone turned simultaneously to look at him, and then their gaze fell on his cell phone screen. 
They did not get what he meant. 
Until someone reached out and picked up the phone. After one glance, he put the phone back with astonishment and took out his own cell phone. He logged into Weibo and, after he saw that the news came from an official source, he was stunned to the extreme and said, “This- this is actually true!” 
“What’s true?” 
That person held his cell phone out for the others to see. 
The people gasped in surprise. It was beyond their imagination that the matter could take such a big turn. 
Everyone turned their attention to the news on the cell phone at once. 
Mo Zhi was puzzled as he looked at the people’s reaction and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
“Hurry up and look at this, CEO Mo!” 
Someone handed him the cell phone. Mo Zhi widened his eyes upon reading the content. “How could this be possible?” 
At once, he narrowed his eyes. 
Gripping the man’s cell phone tightly, he looked up and gave Mo Xicheng a hostile glare. 
He knew that Mo Xicheng had surely done this on purpose. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have kept quiet about it the day before and only announced it today. 
He was sure that Mo Xicheng had allowed him to supress him so that he could retaliate when cornered. When looking at the situation now, it was indeed a beautiful counterattack. 
Mo Zhi clenched his fists tightly as he stared at Mo Xicheng. Then he snorted, “Even if the news about Director Wang starting to film are real, so what? How would he possibly let you invest 40 percent?” 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow when he heard this. He did not speak. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. 
Mo Zhi turned around and the door swung open. The receptionist stood there looking uncertain as she spoke, “CEO Mo, someone’s looking for you.” 
Mo Zhi instantly waved his hand impatiently and said, “Can’t you see I’m in a meeting? Who’s looking for me without an appointment? Tell him to wait!” 
After he said those words, the receptionist looked awkward. She coughed softly and said, “CEO Mo Zhi, I was referring to CEO Mo Xicheng.”
###Chapter 1514: He Is My Son (87) eα. 
Mo Zh was instantly annoyed when he heard this. He continued his tirade, “You think you can interrupt me just because someone’s looking for Mo Xicheng? Do you have any manners?! Why are you interrupting the meeting for every little matter? Did that person make an appointment with Mo Xicheng?” 
The receptionist looked sullen after that chiding. 
She bit her lip. 
Mo Xicheng looked up at the junior receptionist and asked, “Don’t worry about it. Who’s looking for me?” 
The junior receptionist seemed to feel better after hearing those words and was about to speak when Mo Zhi fired off again, “Mo Xicheng, do you f*cking know anything? We are having a meeting! A meeting!! Who the hell is looking for you? Your fan?!” 
He started rebuking the man, “I know you’re a small-time celebrity, but please don’t bring the bad habits of the show business into the office. If we have to attend to every fan that turns up, then we would only have time to serve you. Are there no other things to do?!” 
Mo Xicheng frowned, turned to Mo Zhi and said, “Can you let her finish speaking?” 
Mo Zhi snorted and continued, “Finish speaking? Speaking about what? We are having a meeting! We are talking about the project and it’s an important matter. We are being interrupted by a minor receptionist here. Why, CEO Mo, can I not lecture her?” 
Mo Xicheng’s expression darkened at once. 
He glared at Mo Zhi and said after a long pause, “Are you saying that no matter what, the meeting cannot be interrupted? Even if it’s an important matter for the company?” 
Mo Zhi immediately snorted and replied, “Of course! Meetings are not to be interrupted! Unless it’s the most powerful and important person.” 
Mo Xicheng’s expression froze at once. 
He glared at the other man. 
He already had an idea of who might be looking for him. 
Because it had only been yesterday that he had gotten in touch with Director Wang’s people and arranged for them to come sign the sgreement at the office. After all, they needed the company’s seal. 
So the people who had turned up had to be the representatives who would be signing the agreement. 
But seeing Mo Zhi’s attitude at present, he felt he had to give the man a warning. 
So with a frosty smile, Mo Xicheng said, “Very well then.” 
He turned to the receptionist and said to her, “Please, could you take the guests to the waiting room and take good care of them? Let them know I’m in a meeting and will be there shortly.” 
The receptionist started again, “But they are important people, they—” 
Mo Zhi interrupted her once again before she could finish, “Even if the gods are here, they have to wait till I finish the meeting. Are these people greater than the gods?” 
The receptionist was close to tears, her eyes were red with anger as she replied, “Of course not.” 
“Very well then, let them wait!” 
The receptionist suppressed her anger and said, “So these are CEO Mo Zhi’s instructions?” 
Mo Zhi nodded and confirmed, “That’s right, my instructions!” 
The girl took a deep breath and said, “Fine, I’ll go and tell the person, just don’t blame me for this later.” 
Mo Zhi waved his hand with annoyance as the receptionist turned to leave the room. 
After the receptionist left, the room was abuzz with people discussing again. Mo Zhi glared at Mo Xicheng and questioned the man, “Tell us then, when are we signing the agreement? Without a signed agreement, this is just meaningless talk.”
###Chapter 1515: He Is My Son (88) 
Mo Xicheng looked at Mo Zhi and was about to speak when the man fired off again. 
Mo Zhi did not let it go and continued berating him. 
Mo Xicheng stayed silent and sat there patiently, staring into the space before him. He didn’t even hear what the man was saying. 
After twenty minutes of this, Mo Xicheng finally snapped back to the present and looked at Mo Zhi. Just at this point, Mo Zhi was saying, “You are staying quiet precisely because you’re guilty! I know you haven’t managed to seal the deal with Director Wang. Director Wang’s investment deals are the toughest to negotiate. Now you’re quiet because you’ve bit off more than you could chew and you’ve been busted. Huh! If you’re really so capable, get the agreement signed!” 
Upon these words, Mo Xicheng got onto his feet and said, “If you’re going to keep talking, I’m afraid the agreement’s off.” 
Mo Zhi paused and asked, “What do you mean?” 
“What I mean is that you’ve kept Director Wang’s representative waiting for twenty minutes. Are you intending to make him wait another thirty?” 
Mo Zhi was stupefied and asked, “Since when have I kept them waiting for twenty minutes—” 
At this point, he suddenly seemed to have realized something with a snap of his head. He looked at Mo Xicheng in disbelief. “Are you saying the person who’s come looking for you…” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and said, “That’s right, the person who came looking for me is Director Wang’s representative.” 
Mo Zhi immediately sprang to his feet and said, “Why didn’t you say so earlier?” 
“Did you give the chance to speak?” 
Mo Zhi gulped and said, “That receptionist is too much. Such an important person and she just kept quiet?” 
Mo Xicheng continued smirking and replied, “Did you give her a chance to speak?” 
Mo Zhi: … 
Mo Xicheng stared at him and continued, “Everyone has a certain amount of knowledge and sensibility. The receptionist must have known it was urgent since she decied to interrupt the meeting. I kept telling you to listen to what she had to say, but did you let her?” 
Mo Zhi gulped and then started, “I- I was not aware, I—” 
Before he could finish, there was another knock on the meeting room door. The receptionist opened the door and walked in, saying, “CEO Mo, Director Wang’s representative is a little annoyed, he’s planning to leave.” ?nd. ?m
Those words caused Mo Zhi to panic at once and he said, “What? They can’t leave! We will go over right away! Hurry up, let’s go!” 
Mo Xicheng leaned back in his chair languidly to look at Mo Zhi. He reminded the man, “Didn’t you say that even if the gods were here, they were not to interrupt your meeting? So let’s not hurry, let them go. At worst, it’s just an investment project gone awry. Let’s continue with the meeting.” 
Mo Zhi’s face turned a bright scarlet at Mo Xicheng’s caustic remark and scornful attitude. 
Now everyone was staring at Mo Zhi, making Mo Zhi even angrier. 
He frowned and said, “Mo Xicheng, you’ve already screwed up one project! Are you planning on screwing up another one?” 
Mo Xicheng laughed icily and replied, “I screwed up? I was the one who secured Director Wang’s project. I just wanted to go over to sign the agreement, but you were the one who would not let me go, what could I do?” 
Angrily, Mo Zhi replied, “Go now then!” 
Mo Xicheng gave another icy laugh and said with dripping sarcasm, “I’m sorry, I’m in a meeting, we must never interrupt meetings. Come, let’s continue talking about the investments. Surely this concerns the company’s future.”
###Chapter 1516: He Is My Son (89) 
Right now, Mo Zhi was seriously nervous. 
While he knew that Mo Xicheng bore the responsibility for the original deal falling through, if Director Wang’s representative left now, then it would be clear to everyone that he was the one who hadn’t let the receptionist speak. 
He turned to look at the receptionist angrily and rebuked her, “What on earth are you doing? How could you leave such an important guest in the meeting room? Hurry up, take me to him!” 
Full of grievance, the receptionist retorted, “CEO Mo, it was you who wouldn’t let me speak.” 
Mo Zhi: … 
The man snorted and turned to look at the people in the meeting room. Then he quickly walked out. 
After Mo Zhi left, Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and stood up immediately. 
He looked at everyone in the meeting room and then, without another word, walked out the door. 
For sure, the meeting had ended. ?a. 
Everyone started to file out of the room. 
Mo Xicheng had barely taken a few steps when he suddenly heard someone calling him from behind, “Mo Xicheng.” 
He halted and turned around. Gao Feng was walking towards him, looking at him with a stunned expression. At once, he said, “You- you have something personal against Director Li?” 
Since he could sense that Gao Feng had now taken a new perspective on things and looked concerned, Mo Xicheng contemplated it carefully for a moment and then replied, “Liu Liu was my friend.” 
Having said this, he nodded at the older man and continued to walk away. 
Gao Feng stood rooted to the ground. Liu Liu again. 
Who was this Liu Liu
As he stood there wondering, his assistant walked up to him and said, “Mr. Gao, I’ve found out about Liu Liu. The fact is this…” 
After hearing the story from his assistant, a troubled expression appeared on Gao Feng’s face. 
He paused for a moment, then sighed deeply and mumbled, “Really, one can’t ignorethe power of genes.” 
The assistant asked, “What was that?” 
“Although Mo Xicheng was brought up by a mistress, look at his every move. Do you know that he accepted the project with Director Li and prepared well just to teach the man a lesson? And he must have sealed the deal with Director Wang much earlier on. So all of this was but a part of his plan. Do you not see how hard Mo Zhi has been slapped in the face? The senior management staff have started to look at Mo Zhi in a different light.” 
At this point, Gao Feng exclaimed, “This Mo Xicheng is not like a blockhead son of a mistress at all, on the contrary, he is very much like Li Shu! And looking at Mo Zhi now, he is like a clown. The son of Li Shu… he’s not simple at all.” 
The assistant couldn’t help but smile. “No matter what, he’s young after all. Oh, Director Gao, a call for you.” 
Gao Feng nodded and took the cell phone from his assistant. He smiled when he saw the caller ID. “Li Shu, I have good news for you. Your son…” 
– 
Mo Xicheng walked ahead and, as he neared the meeting room, he saw Mo Zhi smiling broadly at the guests, as though trying hard to please. “I’m so sorry, our receptionist was ignorant and didn’t inform us fully, so we’ve kept you waiting. But do stay for the afternoon, I’ll host you and buy lunch for everyone, is that alright?” 
The guests hesitated when they heard this and spoke up, “CEO Mo, Director Wang has sent us to sign the agreement. However, it’s supposed to be with Mo Xicheng. I don’t think… this is right?”
###Chapter 1517: He Is My Son (90) 
That remark was like another vicious slap to Mo Zhi’s face. He turned ashen. 
He looked at the people with a gloomy expression and narrowed his eyes. After a moment, he said, “I’m the CEO of this company, so I have a greater authority over the company.” 
However, the other party wasn’t about to buy this and looked back at Mo Zhi as they replied, “We do apologize in this case. Our Director Wang will only sign this agreement with Mo Xicheng.” 
After the man had said this, he looked at Mo Xicheng. ?nra. m
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes slightly, surprised that Director Wang supported him to this extent. 
But again, if one thought about it, one would realize that Director Wang was a person who valued talent. He was on very good terms with Shen Liangchuan, not because of the man’s status or position. Now he supported him and it was because he had put up a good performance on the set of Ambition. 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng fell silent. 
Then suddenly, he smiled. 
He saw the light. 
His position had been established the moment Ambition got released. Not only had he been recognized for his acting skills, but his popularity on the internet had also skyrocketed. His fans on Weibo had grown from a mere few hundreds to 20 million, and every day it was growing by the millions. 
Shen Liangchuan had retired from the entertainment industry and it wouldn’t be possible for him to film Ambition 2. Hence, the reason that Director Wang was treating him with so much respect, and even accommodating him, was probably because he hoped that Mo Xicheng could continue acting in the sequel. 
This was a win-win situation for both parties. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head at this thought and smiled to himself. 
Since both Director Wang and Shen Liangchuan had given him this opportunity, then certainly, he would not give it up. 
At this, point he looked up at the representative and said, “At the moment, I’m only in charge of the investment portfolio in the company. Hence ultimately, Mo Zhi will need to sign the agreement.” 
The representative was a smart man and understood Mo Xicheng’s intentions at once. He replied immediately, “Since this is the case, we can’t sign the agreement then.” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Zhi’s expression changed and right at this point, Gao Feng also walked towards them. He glanced at Mo Zhi briefly and said, “Given this, let’s call the chairman and let him decide! Also, I suggest calling a plenary session.” 
– 
An hour later. 
Mo Hai hurried into the meeting room. 
The moment he walked into the meeting room, he realized that the atmosphere was a little different from usual. 
The earlier investment meeting had been cut short and now another meeting was being called. Gao Feng had suggested appointing Mo Xicheng as CEO of the entire business and for Mo Zhi to take on the role of a department general manager. 
Needless to say, Mo Zhi would not agree to this and argued on good grounds. 
And those who wished to stay safe did not speak up. 
On one hand, they hoped for this to happen so that they could secure Director Wang’s project. 
But on the other hand, they didn’t want that to happen because it was obvious that Mo Hai favored Mo Zhi. Hence if Mo Xicheng were to step up, things would go out of control. 
Since when was there ever a situation where the son of a mistress inherted the family business?! 
As everyone discussed this matter fervently, Mo Hai frowned and threw Mo Xicheng a glance. Then he looked at Mo Zhi again and finally said, “Let’s do this then. We’ll let both Mo Zhi and Mo Xicheng be the company’s CEO. They will be on par, but in charge of different areas of work.” 
On that note, Mo Xicheng’s position was secured.
###Chapter 1518: He Is My Son (91) 
Of course, no one made any ions. 
Mo Zhi was about to say something, but Mo Hai shot him a look and silenced the man immediately. 
The meeting ended. 
Mo Hai looked at Mo Xicheng and said, “Come into my office for a moment.” 
Having said this, he walked out of the meeting room. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. He did not need to turn around to know that the crowd behind him was talking about him. 
As an illegitimate son, it was normal to be disliked by the head of the family. At first, he had gad no interest in vying for the family estate with Mo Zhi. If it weren’t for the fact that he had been forced into this position, he and Shi Nianyao could have been married by now and be enjoying their honeymoon. Why on earth would he care about such matters
But now, he had to stand up for himself. 
At this thought, he followed Mo Hai and walked out of the meeting room. 
After taking a few steps, he felt someone grab his wrist. e?. ｏ
He halted and turned around. It was Gao Feng and the man said to him in a low voice, “Mo Xicheng, Mo Hai is a man who values relationships. So don’t go into direct conflict, show your weaker side. He is not a heartless man.” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes at this piece of advice. 
So that was how it was. 
He had been stubborn since childhood, hence whenever he was beaten by Mo Hai, he would just stand there and not make a noise. Inevitably, this would make Mo Hai even angrier and the beating would become harsher. Whereas Mo Zhi was different. Before Mo Hai could even touch him, he would start crying, making Mo Hai to yell a lot but do little. 
He had thought that Mo Hai had no feelings for him, but he would have never expected that this was just a manifestation of Mo Hai’s personality. 
Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow and nodded at Gao Feng. 
After Mo Xicheng left, Gao Feng’s assistant approached him. 
The assistant remarked, “Director Gao, what do you make out of this whole thing?” 
Gao Feng sighed and said, “Mo Xicheng is getting more perplexing by the day.” 
Puzzled, the assistant asked, “What do you mean?” 
“When he first stepped in, he was rejected by everyone, then he quickly became the savior of the company and now, everyone’s polite towards him. The moment he stepped in, Mo Zhi tried to surpress him and, within the space of a day, he is on par with the man. Tell me, do you think this is something that an ordinary person would be capable of?” 
The assistant frowned and said, “He’s merely lucky that Director Wang values him.” 
Gao Feng gave a knowing smile and said, “In the entertainment industry, Director Wang is about the most difficult person to deal with. Being able to gain his appreciation is no small feat. Besides…” 
The assistant asked curiously, “Besides what?” 
“Besides, if from the start he had used Director Wang’s name, everyone would have doubted him, and they would have had to choose between the two directors. If they had chosen Director Li and had sent someone to secure the deal, then things would have been awkward where Director Wang is concerned. If I am right, he will probably be the male lead for Director Wang’s next movie. So in that case, he could have been in a very awkward position with the company, because our company can’t possibly invest in both projects at the same time. So he made it a point to offend Director Li first, and then offered Director Wang as the only solution! This was also to force Mo Zhi into relenting.” 
The assistant was completely stunned when he heard this. 
He looked at Gao Feng and gulped, “Did he really plan all that?” 
Gao Feng smiled but did not reply.
###Chapter 1519: He Is My Son (92) 
The assistant couldn’t help but turn to look at the man following Mo Hai as they went to Mo Hai’s office. Mo Xicheng’s posture was tall and straight, carrying a pride that one couldn’t easily miss. 
– 
Mo Xicheng followed Mo Hai into the his office. 
He swept his gaze around the room once. 
Mo Hai looked at this son of his, who had grown to be taller than himself, and sighed helplessly. 
He didn’t used to like this boy because he had caused a rift between himself and Li Shu. 
But he had to admit that Mo Xicheng was his son nevertheless. And even if he didn’t like the boy, he had watched the kid grow up. Although he knew that Mo Xicheng had planned what had happened today, he wasn’t angry at all. On the contrary, he was quite satisfied. 
Because among his sons, he had found one who was capable of inheriting the Mo family business. It was a good thing. 
But he still had to say what needed to be said. 
And warnings still had to be delivered. 
So Mo Hai pointed at the sofa opposite and said to the young man, “Take a seat.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and sat down as instructed. 
Mo Hai removed his jacket, thinking that any quick-witted person would surely volunteer to take over the jacket and help him hang it up. But when he turned around, he saw that Mo Xicheng was already sitting on the sofa, looking at him impassively. 
Mo Hai frowned, feeling slightly uneasy. 
He placed the jacket aside and then took the seat opposite Mo Xicheng. He started, “You didn’t do too poorly today.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and replied, “Thank you for the compliment.” 
Was this a compliment? Mo Hai thought to himself, “Wasn’t it obvious that I was being sarcastic and meant that he was too scheming!?” 
But seeing how serious and prim Mo Xicheng looked, Mo Hai couldn’t bring himself to say it. He suddenly choked back his anger. 
He cleared his throat and spoke again, “Ha, smart people indeed can be frightening. But Mo Xicheng, since I handed the business over to you, can you promise me something?” 
Mo Xicheng was slightly taken aback to hear the words “handed the business over to you”. Although he was looking at Mo Hai with an expression of indifference, he was secretly astonished. 
However, he still asked reflexively, “What is it?” 
Mo Haii lowered his gaze and continued, “50 percent of the company shares must belong to Mo Zhi. In addition, in the future, your children are not to fight him for it.” 
Mo Xicheng fell silent upon hearing this. 
Noticing his lack of response, Mo Hai frowned and said, “You must not be so greedy. By right, the entire Mo family estate belongs to Mo Zhi! You are allowed to work in this business and on top of that own 30 percent of the shares, so you ought to be thankful towards the Mo family! Do you know that?” 
Mo Xicheng laughed icily when her heard this and asked, “Why did you bring me into the company then?” 
Mo Hai choked and snorted as he said, “I was forced, wasn’t I?” 
“Since you know it yourself, need I say more?” 
Once more, his remark stumped the older man. 
The meaning behind Mo Xicheng’s words was clear. 
He had never intended to fight Mo Zhi for the family estate, but now he was forced to. 
For this reason, he couldn’t promise that he would not continue to fight Mo Zhi, because who knew what Mo Zhi would do next
After he made his stand clear, he stood up and looked at Mo Hai, saying, “I also hope that things will go smoothly in the company. But I must say, this is not up to me, it’s up to him.”
###Chapter 1520: He Is My Son (93) 
Having made his point, Mo Xicheng strode out and left Mo Hai sitting on the sofa by himself, deeply contemplative. 
Mo Xicheng’s position was clear, but had it really been Mo Zhi who had started this fight
Mo Hai sat back on the sofa, trying to recall recent events. 
Since when had Mo Xicheng started to take an interest in the family business
Before, he had always worked quietly in the entertainment industry, earning his keep and minding his own business. 
To the extent that every time someone suggested that Mo Xicheng should joing the business, he had to admit that he had sent people to look for the young man and test his intentions. 
But Mo Xicheng had never been moved. . 
In fact, he had declined the invitation a few times. 
So in reality, it had been when Mo Zhi had schemed against Shi Nianyao to take advantage of her. It had been after that failed attempt. 
Mo Hai narrowed his eyes. 
He knew it in his own heart that if one of his brothers were to scheme against Li Shu the same way, he would also disregard brotherhood. 
So Shi Nianyao’s matter was what had sparked this retaliation. 
Mo Hai narrowed his eyes and sighed. 
He paused and picked up his desk phone to dial the HR department. After a while, the HR manager turned up at his office. 
Mo Hai asked, “Mo Xicheng is now the CEO of the company, why is he still using the office downstairs? Is the office upstairs not available?” 
The HR Manager immediately lowered his voice and revealed, “CEO Mo Zhi had made this arrangement.” 
The moment Mo Hai was told this, he immediately understood what had happened. 
With a weak wave of his hand, he told the manager, “Very well, you may go. Tidy up the office upstairs as soon as possible and let CEO Mo move in.” 
“Yes.” 
After the manager left, Mo Hai slumped back against the sofa and did not move. 
The fact was that he had been keeping a close watch on Mo Zhi’s movements. Compared to Mo Xicheng’ impressively dignified character, Mo Zhi was but a mere regular man. It was too petty of him to be making things difficult for Mo Xicheng over such small matters. 
There was just too great a gap between these two boys. 
Still sitting back on the sofa, the man sighed again. 
– 
After leaving Mo Hai’s office and taking up the company’s CEO position, the people in the office started to perceive the man in a different light. 
The agreement was signed with Director Wang’s representative in the afternoon and thus, the TV and Film City’s first major deal was sealed. After this, the HR staff went to help him move into his new office. 
After the previous episode with the air conditioning, this time around, no matter how much Mo Zhi tried to influence the HR manager, the latter played dumb and refused to pull another trick. 
Hence, Mo Xicheng now had a decent office of his own. 
With this, things seemed to have fallen into place finally. 
When it was time to go home, Mo Xicheng’s secretary approched him and asked if he would like to be driven home. 
Mo Xicheng contemplated it for a while and decided, “No, I drove today. You may take the car, I’ll drive my own. Pick me up at home- Forget it, I’ll call you again tomorrow.” 
The secretary nodded and said, “I’ll take my leave now then, CEO Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
As the secretary was about to leave, Mo Xicheng called her, “Hang on.” 
She turned around. 
Mo Xicheng suddenly asked, “Do you know Gao Feng well?”
###Chapter 1521: He Is My Son (94) 
The junior secretary paused and shook her head, saying, “Not very well but I know who he is. What’s up?” 
Mo Xicheng hesitated and finally asked, “Does he not get along with Mo Zhi?” 
There must be a reason why Gao Feng was so kind to him, and even giving him advice all the time. He had to get to the bottom of this. 
He had to develop some trusted allies in the company if possible, and Gao Feng didn’t seem like a bad choice. 
If he was someone who Mo Zhi had suppressed, then he would be the ideal person to attract to his side. 
But unexpectedly, the junior secretary said at once, “How would that be possible? Everyone in the office knows that Gao Feng is especially protective of Senior CEO Mo. In the past, whenever people ed to CEO Mo’s ideas in the meetings, Director Gao would speak up for him. He has taken care of CEO Mo meticulously ever since CEO Mo stepped into the business. But later on, Senior CEO Mo- Anyway, later on they grew further apart but still, Director Gao would not go against CEO Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng had not expected this answer. He paused and probed further, “Why?” 
“Because Director Gao and Senior CEO Mo’s mother, Madam Li Shu, are on very good terms. We heard that they were childhood sweethearts and grew up going to the same school. Oh, and he is on very good terms with Chairman Mo Hai as well.” 
Then, the junior secretary looked around to ensure there was no one within hearing range. She quickly shut the door and walked up to Mo Xicheng to whisper, “Do you remember the time Senior CEO Mo made a big blunder? Back then, the board of directors suggested bringing you in and there were some fierce debates. Someone suggested that having you around would serve to motivate Senior CEO Mo, so that he knows there is competition and he can’t just do as he likes in the company. When Chairman Mo was hesitating and couldn’t quite make up his mind, it was Director Gao who spoke up and opposed it firmly. And that was how Mo Zhi managed to maintain his position.” 
The secretary twitched her mouth and continued, “Everyone knows that Gao Feng is Mo Zhi’s watchdog. Hmph, in the past, before CEO Mo came into the company, Director Gao was ok. He was fair in business and was well-regarded in the company. But the moment Mo Zhi stepped in, he started to shield the man’s shortcomings and sometimes even had to clean up the mess he makes. Really, I’m speechless.” . 
Mo Xicheng widened his eyes as he looked at the junior secretary and asked, “So it’s impossible that Gao Feng would to Mo Zhi?” 
“For sure he would have ions, but for the sake of Madam Li Shu, he would defend CEO Mo. That’s why CEO Mo, I’m telling you, I think Director Gao has been trying to suck up to you. He could be trying to mislead you so that he can get certain information from you for Senior CEO Mo’s benefit.” 
Mo Xicheng could not help laughing aloud when he heard this. It looked like everyone around there had a really active imagination. 
But was Gao Feng… really such a person
Mo Xicheng recalled the few times that he had dealt with the man. His instinct and intuition told him it wasn’t so. 
He waved at the junior secretary and said, “Alright, you may leave now.” 
After the secretary left, he also did so and headed down the building. 
As he was driving out of the parking, he suddenly caught sight of Li Shu and Gao Feng ahead. They were standing there, having a conversation.
###Chapter 1522 d. 
Chapter 1522: He Is My Son (95) 
His secretary had taken the car that Mo Xicheng normally drove. 
Since the secretary had driven the other car the previous night, he had had to drive his sports car to take Shi Nianyao home in the morning. 
The sports car was too flamboyant and didn’t suit his low-key personality, hence after buying it, it had mostly sat unused in the garage. For this reason, no one knew this was his car. 
Li Shu and Gao Feng also had no idea that he was in the car. 
He could see that the two of them had exchanged a few words and a smile appeared on her face. Along with this, he could also hear her cheerful voice saying, “Thank you for watching over him. To show my gratitude, let me buy you dinner tonight. What would you like to eat? You can pick whatever you like.” 
Gao Feng laughed at once and replied, “Sure, since you’ve said so, I’ll have to go for something expensive.” 
They both chatted and laughed as they got into their car. Then the car left the parking and drove away. 
Mo Xicheng stood there, looking in their direction. 
He could tell that Gao Feng and Li Shu were on extremely good terms. So Gao Feng looking out for Mo Zhi in the office had been well within reason. But if that were the case, why had Gao Feng continually opposed Mo Zhi in the meeting earlier today, and had even agreed with raising his status to the same level as Mo Zhi
By doing this, wasn’t he going against Li Shu’s wishes
Or could it be that Gao Feng was kind to him only because Li Shu had requested so?! 
But… why would Li Shu make such a request
Mo Xicheng simply could not figure this out. He shook his head and decided to stop thinking about it. 
There would always be a solution to the problem. 
As he push these thoughts out of his head, his cell phone suddenly rang. 
He looked down at the screen. Seeing that it was Shi Nianyao, he immediately picked up the call. 
At once, Shi Nianyao asked carefully, “Are- are you working yill late?” 
He replied after a short pause, “No, I’m leaving work now.” 
“Oh, so you’re working late. Well then, it’s ok.” 
Puzzled, Mo Xicheng repeated, “I’m not working late. Yao Yao, what’s the matter?” 
“Nothing! Work is important, of course! We can always have a meal tomorrow or the day after. You’ve just joined the company, so you need to focus on your work.” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng suddenly had a realization. Shi Nianyao’s parents must have had invited him to dinner. 
He thought about it and felt that it was only right that he visited them today, after all, he had slept with their daughter last night. 
Without thinking further, he said to Shi Nianyao, “Yao Yao, wait for me at home. I’ll go over right away.” 
“What? Aren’t you working late?”‘ 
“Yao Yao…” 
“Uh huh?” 
“It’s time for me to pay an official visit to your parents.” 
“Alright, that’s fine, if you have enough time.” 
On this note, he hung up. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help grinning to himself as he started up the car and drove to Shi Nianyao’s. After two minutes, his cell phone rang again. 
The moment he turned on his bluetooth earpiece, he heard Shi Nianyao’s nervous voice, “Hey, you must not come over. If you do, they will attack you with questions. Mom and dad are not in the best of moods!” 
Mo Xicheng replied, “That’s ok. At some point, the ugly in-law still has to meet his parents-in-law.” 
“Aren’t you afraid?” 
“No, I’m not.” 
“Alright then, come on over. And one more thing…”
###Chapter 1523: He Is My Son (96) 
“Uh huh?” 
“Idol, you’re not ugly at all.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Smiling unconsciously, he said, “Is there anything that your parents might like?” 
Shi Nianyao quickly said, “Mom loves flowers. Lilies, roses, lavender and whatnots, she likes them all. So it’s good if you get her flowers.” 
“And your dad?” 
“Dad loves Mom.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Nianyao explained, “It’s true. Dad came from a poor family and he built his own empire from scratch. Later on, he married my adorable Mom. When he was younger, he experienced all sorts of hardship so he doesn’t really care about small things. The one thing he loves most is Mom! So if you make her happy, then the problem’s solved!” ?nd. ?m
Mo Xicheng: … 
Why did he feel, for the first time, that Shi Nianyao was just slightly unreliable
It was the first time he was visiting his in-laws, how could he possibly just get his mother-in-law a bouquet of flowers
Hesitating for a moment, he said, “Alright then, I’ll get a bouquet.” 
Shi Nianyao added, “You really don’t have to get Dad anything. He has eyes for nothing except Mom.” 
He replied, “Ok, I got it.” 
After hanging up, he raised a hand to massage his temple. 
He drove to a florist near the office and selected a bouquet. After leaving it in the trunk, he proceeded to a supermarket nearby to buy some health products. 
He only returned to the car once his hands were full. When he tried placing these things in the trunk, he realized it was quite full. 
Still, he felt it wasn’t adequate. 
At this point, he turned around, went back to the shops and bought more before he was satisfied and left. 
All this time, he wore his baseball cap and mask. As he paid for the products, the cashier could not tell who he was. 
Thinking he was a suspicious person, she threw him a few glances. 
Noticing the way she had stared at him, he could only shake his head and smile as he left the shop. 
He continued his way to Shi Nianyao’s home. 
He had travelled down that road many times, but none of those times had he felt this restless and tense. 
Since Aunty and Uncle had invited him home, they must have accepted him. 
But if he made a blunder in the process and displeased them, then what would he do
Especially when he had kidnapped their daughter for the whole previous night. It would be reasonable for them to be upset. 
The thought of having to meet them worried him and made him restless, even though he was mentally ready. 
What worried him the most was going all the way there only to be told in his face that he was not good enough for their daughter. 
If that happened, what would he do
Keep insisting or to slowly plan the next step
As all sorts of thoughts were still running through his mind as the Shi family villa loomed into view. 
Just a moment ago the journey had seemed so long but all of a sudden, he had arrived
He gulped nervously and narrowed his eyes as he drove to the main gate. 
When the security officer saw him, the main gate swung open slowly. 
Mo Xicheng drove in. 
The Shi family villa compound was large and he had to drive some way before he arrived at the house. 
The moment the car stopped, he saw Shi Nianyao running out of the living room, happily dashing towards him.
###Chapter 1524: He Is My Son (97) 
Mo Xicheng looked at the cheerful and nervous Shi Nianyao and a smile immediately lit his face. 
The restlessness that he had felt throughout the drive vanished the moment he saw her. 
He did admire her parents. They had brought up such an energetic and optimistic daughter, who they had to eventually give away and part with. 
If he had a daughter as adorable as Shi Nianyao in the future, he would have a hard time marrying her off. 
Hence, if Shi Jinyan treated him poorly in the meeting later, he could only take it in his stride. 
With this thought, Mo Xicheng turned around and started to unload all the shopping bags from the trunk. 
Immediately, Shi Nianyao exclaimed, “Why did you buy all that stuff?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
He lifted his gaze and at once spotted Si Jingyu, who was standing at the front door. 
He smiled at her instantly and called out, “Aunty.” 
Si Jingyu nodded. Because she knew the truth about Mo Xicheng, she couldn’t help but look at the young man with pain and regret in her eyes. 
He should have been a wealthy young master, but had been swapped to live the life of an illegitimate son. 
Since childhood, he had been scolded, beaten and despised. And fortunately even then, apart from being a little gloomy, he had not grown up poorly—surely, the heavens had been kind to him. 
She sighed and waved at Mo Xicheng as she said, “Mo Xicheng, you’re here, come in quickly.” 
She glanced at the bags he was holding and then shot a look at Shi Nianyao, who stared back at her. Immediately, the woman caught on and played along. She turned to the living room and said loudly, “That’s a lot of things you bought. Why spend so much money?!” 
Mo Xicheng was a little distracted by the interaction between the two women. 
He had never seen a child and parent behave this way with each other. In his own home, he didn’t have a very close relationship with Yao Lili. 
In the past, he had attributed it to gender differences. After all, he was a son and Yao Lili was a woman, so there would be a certain gap between them. But now, he felt that they didn’t even share a mother-and-son relationship. 
As he contemplated this, he heard Si Jingyu yelling again, “Hurry up and come in!” 
That voice broke his train of thought and he snapped back to present. Looking up quickly at Si Jingyu, he smiled and nodded as he followed her into the living room. 
Shi Jinyan was sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper. When he heard the noise, he looked up calmly. Then he nodded at Mo Xicheng when he saw the young man and said, “You’re here.” 
That was his greeting. 
Mo Xicheng quickly took a step forward to greet the man “How are you, Uncle?” 
Shi Jinyan nodded and looked at the young man with a judging eye. Mo Xicheng unconsciously straightened his back, worried that Shi Jinyan would think he wasn’t quite up to par. 
Shi Jinyan noticed this and his gaze deepened. He was about to say something when Si Jingyu interrupted, “Alright, it’s been a long day at work and you must be tired. Dinner’s ready, let’s eat first.” 
In any case, it was considered rude to talk while eating. If he couldn’t talk, then he couldn’t make things difficult for Mo Xicheng. 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes lit up at this thought and immediately said, “That’s right! I’m starving!”
###Chapter 1525: He Is My Son (98) 
With that, Shi Jinyan swallowed what he had wanted to say. He glanced at Shi Nianyao as though worried that she would really starve and nodded. “Alright, let’s eat first then.” 
Mo Xicheng followed Shi Jinyan as they walked to the dining table. 
Although they didn’t speak very much while eating, Shi Jinyan would occasionally pick up some food to place into Si Jingyu’s bowl. When Mo Xicheng saw this, he also picked up some food for Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Jinyan observed the young couple carefully and noticed that Mo Xicheng had picked up all of his daughter’s favorite food. Satisfied with this observation, he snorted in approval. 
It looked like this young man did take Shi Nianyao to heart. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have known what her favorite foods were. He was also attentive enough to pick out all the food she liked among the wide selection on the table, without making a single error. 
Given this, Shi Jinyan cast his gaze down and made no other comments. .＆nbsp;com
Dinner was over in a short time. After they had finished their meal, they sat around in the living room. A housekeeper served a platter of fruits. Si Jingyu picked up an apple and held it out to Mo Xicheng, then she started to chat, “How was work today?” 
Initially, Mo Xicheng had wanted to gloss over the subject, but he caught a look of deep concern in her eyes. 
It was a look of pure concern, untainted by complications. Suddenly, he felt a sense of safety and security that he had never felt before. 
He felt like a child before his own mother, showing nothing but his true self. He lowered his head and, after a while, said, “It was ok. I’m just a little unhappy.” 
Surprised, Si Jingyu asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Mo Xicheng spoke honestly, “When I joined the company, I plotted against Mo Zhi. Now Mo Zhi was affected negatively and I don’t feel any happier. I don’t know how to put it, it’s like- it’s like-” 
Hearing this, Si Jingyu had a sudden realization and said with a smile, “You have never thought of challenging him or fighting him for anything, but now, for Nianyao’s sake, you find yourself having to make the effort, is that right?” 
Mo Xicheng shook his head immediately and clarified, “It’s not for Nianyao, it’s also for myself.” 
Si Jingyu sighed in relief and replied, “The fact that you can say this shows that you are discerning. If you had really said that it was all for Nianyao, I’d be worried that in the time to come, you may end up blaming and taking it out on Nianyao because of everyone’s rejection and your friends’ abandonment. But you are a good and decent child.” 
Si Jingyu spoke in a cool and calm manner, as always. She was a soft spoken woman who spoke slowly and gently, giving people a sense that she was a kind and amiable person. 
Her behavior, on the other hand, had the ability to draw admiration from people. When Mo Xicheng looked into her eyes, he felt there was something very maternal about her. 
He looked at her and nodded immediately, reassuring her. “Aunty, don’t worry. I will take good care of Nianyao for the rest of my life.” 
Si Jingyu smiled at once and said, “Good.” 
Before she could continue, Shi Jinyan gave a loud snort, signaling that they shouldn’t continue this topic and should talk about something else. 
Mo Xicheng was quite sure that Si Jingyu liked him. He could tell that from the expression in her eyes when she talked to him. 
Whereas Shi Jinyan… Well, he probably liked him too. 
However… 
They sat and talked till 9 p.m. Mo Xicheng looked at the time and got onto his feet. “Uncle, Aunty, it’s a little late now. I should take my leave.”
###Chapter 1526: He Is My Son (99) 
Si Jingyu immediately said, “Sure, it’s late. Drive safe.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and was about to speak when Shi Jinyan sprang onto his feet. He glanced at Mo Xicheng through narrowed eyes and, with a smirk, he said, “You’re leaving just like that?” 
Mo Xicheng paused. 
The older man cast his gaze down to look at the things Mo Xicheng had bought and suddenly grew distant. He said, “We don’t lack these things in our home. Take them back with you.” 
Things had been going well a moment ago, when they were chatting, but now it seemed like the man had suddenly turned hostile. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help feeling that he must have done something to offend Shi Jinyan, but the latter did not say anything else apart from looking at him through narrowed eyes and that smirk. He instructed the butler, “Butler, accompany our guest out! And take away all these things that he brought.” 
Then without another word, he went upstairs. 
Mo Xicheng stood frozen on the spot, wondering what was going on. 
Everyone in the living room was puzzled too. 
Shi Nianyao approached Si Jingyu, tugged at her sleeves and asked, “Mom, what’s the matter with Dad?” 
Stunned herself, Si Jingyu replied, “I- I really have no idea.” 
Things had been going along fine just then, why had the man suddenly turned moody the moment Mo Xicheng had said he was leaving
Even the butler was puzzled as he came up to them and said, “Madam, so these bags here…” 
Si Jingyu lifted her head to glance upstairs. 
Shi Nianyao tugged at her mother’s sleeve again and said with annoyance, “Mom, he’s made the effort to buy all of these things. It would be embarrassing for him to have to take it all back.” 
Si Jingyu sighed upon hearing this and glanced at the presents. She smiled and said, “Of course he’s not taking them back. Alright, Mo Xicheng, if there’s nothing else, be on your way now.” 
The young man nodded. 
Shi Nianyao quickly said, “Let me see you off.” 
Si Jingyu threw a look at the girl and said calmly, “Hurry then, let’s not anger your Dad more. He’s already displeased.” 
She nodded. 
Shi Nianyao accompanied Mo Xicheng as they walked to the car in the courtyard. She quickly told him, “I’m not sure why Dad went all cranky today, but don’t worry about it. He was quite fond of you initially though. Perhaps we said something that upset him.” 
Mo Xicheng felt somewhat disturbed hearing this. 
After all, this was his father-in-law, an important person. 
He frowned and looked at Shi Nianyao. He told her, “Once you’ve found out why he’s upset, you must tell me.” 
The girl nodded and then said reluctantly, “Are you leaving just like that?” 
The normally chirpy girl stood there now, with her head lowered and looking at her feet, twisting her fingers like an upset child. His heart melted. 
He looked at her and couldn’t stop himself from smiling. He walked up to her and took her hands. Then he looked around before he whispered, “I missed you loads today.” 
Her eyes lit up at once as she raised her chin to look at him and replied, “Me too.” 
Mo Xicheng continued, “Did you feel sick in any way today?” 
She instantly turned a bright scarlet, like a shiny apple, at that question. 
Biting her lip, she said shyly, “Oh, I just remembered something that I have to do. Be on your way now then.”
###Chapter 1527: He Is My Son (100) 
After Shi Nianyao said this, she turned around to walk into the house. However, after taking a few steps, she halted. She looked back at Mo Xicheng with much reluctance. 
When he saw how adorably torn she looked, he swept his gaze around and glanced up the building. 
He noticed that the rooms were dark from looking at the windows. He thought that Shi Jinyan had to be in his bedroom on the opposite side, so he narrowed his eyes as a bold idea came to mind. He walked a few steps forward and grabbed Shi Nianyao. Then he lowered his head and lightly kissed her on the forehead. 
Shi Nianyao was taken by surprise. 
Noticing how stunned she was, he couldn’t help but laugh. 
He tousled her hair affectionately and then said, “I’ll leave now. I’ll call you when I get home.” 
Still in a daze, she nodded as she watched Mo Xicheng turn around decisively. He started the car and drove away. 
It was as though he was afraid that he would turn around, grab her and take her with him because he couldn’t bear to part with her. 
But kidnapping Shi Nianyao from her parents’ house would not be a very sensible thing to do. 
It was just that… he really could not stop thinking about her. 
– 
Upstairs, in the meantime. 
Si Jingyu walked into Shi Jinyan’s study. 
The study was in the dark, lights still turned off. Shi Jinyan stood by the window, looking out. 
Just as Si Jingyu walked over to him, she witnessed the moment Mo Xicheng had looked around and planted that kiss on Shi Nianyao. She couldn’t help chuckling. 
In their own frivolous youth, hadn’t they been equally unrestrained, impulsive, and unable to control their own emotions
It had already been hard enough for the young couple to hold themselves back till last night. 
As she was chuckling, Shi Jinyan snorted icily. 
Si Jingyu looked at him and said suddenly, “Why are you snorting? Weren’t we all young once? Look at how he can’t bear to part with our Yao Yao. You can tell how much he likes her.” 
“Likes her? Not necessarily so!” After he said this, he stormed over to the sofa by the side and sat down angrily. 
Si Jingyu raised an eyebrow and walked up to Shi Jinyan. She asked him, “What’s the matter with you today?” 
Shi Jinyan turned to her and asked, “What do you mean?” 
Si Jingyu questioned him, “You were fine when Mo Xicheng arrived this evening. Why did that suddenly change? Your temper is getting worse with your age. Did you even notice how uncomfortable you made those two feel?” 
The man’s chin tensed up and he kept silent, brooding by himself. 
She nudged his arm and insisted. “So what’s the matter? Why won’t you speak up? Are you unhappy with Mo Xicheng?” 
“That’s right.” 
“What exactly?” 
Shi Jinyan coughed once and said, “You really want me to tell you?” 
She replied, “Of course! Of course I want you to tell me! I do like this young man and I may stay unaware if you don’t tell me what’s wrong with him.” 
Shi Jinyan then started, “Yesterday, he already… spent the night with Yao Yao, but he didn’t even bring up the subject of marriage. How could you think he’s a decent man? He’s so irresponsible. How could he be the right one for Yao Yao? This is simply irresponsible!” 
Si Jingyu: …!! 
Si Jingyu could not stop herself from laughing aloud. She said, “You’re upset over such a small matter? Well, if he had brought up the topic of marriage, would you have agreed?” 
“Of course not.” 
“And so why should he bring it up?” 
“It’s the intention that matters! Of course he should have brought it up. Also, he should have brought it up officially.”
###Chapter 1528: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (1) i. co
Si Jingyu was at a loss for words. She could only laugh and finally said, “Alright already, let’s not be picky. This was the first time he came to visit, how could it be appropriate for him to talk about marriage straight away? Besides, things like wedding dates are of course something for the parents to decide! I’m only waiting for Li Shu to reconcile with him so that she can officially discuss the marriage.” 
“Even if the wedding can be delayed, what about registering the marriage? He’s wrong to not even have mentioned that.” 
“Alright, fine, fine. He was wrong to not have mentioned it. He’s just a young man, isn’t he? and thinks that being engaged is good enough.” 
“How is being engaged and getting married the same? Although for us, Chinese, getting married is a tradition, you know what we care about.” 
Seeing how angry Shi Jinyan was, Si Jingyu could not help laughing at him. She said, “Just look at you, you’re soar.” 
“What?” 
“Adorable.” 
Shi Jinyan: … 
At once, the man fell silent. He rubbed his chin and didn’t say another word. 
– 
By the time Mo Xicheng got home, it was past 10 p.m. 
When he opened the front door and saw the disorder in the house, he remembered that he had asked the cleaning lady not to come in today to clean the house. 
It was as though he didn’t want to disturb and put back in order the mess that Shi Nianyao and himself had created last night by an outsider. 
He would rather personally clean up the trails of their intimate encounter. 
At this thought, he walked into the bathroom and washed his hands. Then he returned to start tidying up. 
There wasn’t much to clean up downstairs, except that when he had carried her upstairs, she had dropped a slipper and it had fallen at the bottom of the stairs. 
He walked over, picked it up and placed it on the shoe rack. Then he headed upstairs. 
The large bed in the master bedroom was still in a mess. He walked over, searched through them and spotted a small earring. It had to be a diamond one, for it sparkled brightly. Then he recalled the pretty earrings that Shi Nianyao normally wore. They suited her bright and fair complexion perfectly. 
He smiled, carefully placed the earring in a little case by the side and smoothed out the bed sheets. 
After straightening the bed, he went back into the bathroom. 
Because of the low humidity in Beijing, the water on the bathroom floor had dried out. The water in the bathtub was still. They had not let the water out before Mo Xicheng had carried her off to the bed. 
Thinking of what had happened last night, his eyes darkened and his body reacted. 
A man always desired for more after experiencing this sort of satiation. 
With some effort, he pushed these thoughts out of his mind and cleaned up the bathroom. After this, he left the bathroom and wiped his hands with a hand towel. He headed downstairs. Just as he descended the stairs, he saw his cell phone light up. 
He walked over and turned on the screen. There was a short message from Shi Nianyao: [What are you doing?] 
He picked up the device and typed without thinking: [Missing you.] 
She acted a lot chirpier and less shy on the cell phone. Immediately, she replied: [I’m missing you too.] 
When he saw the message with a blushing emoticon, he laughed at once. 
The emoticon and her usual expression, which flashed through his mind, made a perfect match and he found it extremely cute and endearing.
###Chapter 1529: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (2) 
He lowered his gaze and typed out another message: 
[Missing what about me, exactly?] 
He sent the message. Even before he received a reply, he could immediately imagine her burrowing her head into the blanket with a stunned expression on her face. That look of wanting to say something but at the same time not knowing what. It made him laugh aloud instantly. 
Indeed, it took two full minutes before he got a reply, [Everything about you! What about you? What exactly are you thinking?] 
His reply: [Thinking of sleeping with you.] 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
In the dark, Shi Nianyao’s face was only visible through the brightness of the cell phone screen. Her shocked expression was at once adorable and excited. 
She stared at those unabashed words on the screen and almost choked. 
Did her idol not know anything about being subtle?! 
Last night, she had fallen asleep with the pleasure of having him next to her and embracing him through the night. After experiencing that, she now no longer wanted to sleep alone. 
This made her miss the man more. 
Blushing as she stared at the cell phone screen, she immediately clutched her face and smiled to herself. She typed her reply: [Come and sleep with me then.] 
Mo Xicheng: …! 
That evil Shi Nianyao. He wished he could reach out through the cell phone to give her a good spanking. 
But he knew this conversation must not continue, for it would only cause him to burn in frustration. 
He shook his head and changed the topic: [Have you found out why your dad was upset?] 
She replied quickly: [I have no idea, I can’t tell if it was just a moment of crankiness.] 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Did people talk about their fathers like that
She sent another message: [But Mom likes you alot. That was a good performance, bonus points for you.] 
Seeing that he had been given bonus points, he ventured to ask: [Then how many points are you giving me personally?] 
Biting her lip, she thought and replied: [With 100 being the highest score, you want to know the honest answer?] 
He typed back: [Uh huh.] 
Shi Nianyao paused and typed with a grin: [99. That one point is to allow you room for improvement.] 
Mo Xicheng smiled immediately when he read this. 
He thought for a while and replied: [Do you know how many points I’m giving you?] 
[How many?] 
He sent the message. [60. Tops.] 
This was followed immediately by an outburst from her. [Why, why, why?] 
Her message revealed her emotions at that point and Mo Xicheng couldn’t help but laugh when he saw this. 
He slowly typed his reply. [Because a full score would be too exhausting to attain. I hope that when you’re with me, you’ll always be a little spoiled, a little petty, so that you’ll only need to pass. Let me be the one who always strives for a full score.] 
Shi Nianyao was stunned to read what he had written. 
As she looked at the message, she knew at once what he meant. 
No one was perfect, but in front of her, her idol would always be willing to give his best. 
She now knew clearly that Mo Xicheng didn’t want her to strive for a full score, he only wanted her to live freely and be herself. 
Her eyes reddened. 
Not even the sweetest words in the world could match up to these 60 points.
###Chapter 1530: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (3) 
It takes a lot of courage for a man to promise to a woman that he will put on a perfect performance. 
Making a promise like this meant that he would always treasure her and not make her feel bad. 
It gave her the sense that he would take care of everything at home and outside of home, and all she had to do was to live happily in the perfect world that he would create for her, obstinately giving her 60 points. 
Shi Nianyao bit her lip. 
She stared at the message and thought deeply for a long time before she typed out her reply: [My star, neither of us need to strive for perfection. If you give 50 points and I give 50 points, we will be perfect together.] 
Although she said it in jest, those were her true intentions. 
She was willing to go through difficult times with him. 
She was willing to be with him through thick and thin. 
For the two of them to spend the rest of their days together would be true perfection. 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down when he read this. 
He remembered what Shi Xun had told him. 
Since childhood, she had lived a blissful life. She had never known hardships and never experienced depression. 
She had been brought up like a little princess. 
Whereas he knew that he wasn’t perfect and would not be able to give her that sort of life. 
But he was willing to work hard towards perfection, until the day he could become that perfect person for Shi Nianyao. 
– 
The two of them sent messages back and forth until there was no answer for ten minutes after his last message. 
He knew that Shi Nianyao must have fallen asleep with her cell phone in her hand. 
He smiled and went to take a shower. The moment he got into bed after his shower, he subconsciously reached out to touch the space next to him. 
Last night, this was where he had held Shi Nianyao as they fell asleep, but now she was back in her own home. 
He cast his gaze down. After thinking for a moment, he was determined. 
He had to settle the Mo family business quickly so that he could approach the Shi family to broach the topic of marriage. Once they were married, he and Nianyao would not have to separate again. 
He fell asleep thinking about this. 
The next morning, he woke up to a few messages from Shi Nianyao on his cell phone: 
[Arghhhh, I fell asleep with the phone in my hand!] n?ed.＆nbsp;
[Urgh, Idol, are you awake? Shall I bring you breakfast?] 
When he saw these messages, he picked up the cell phone and called her, saying, “Don’t come over, I’m just about to go to the office.” 
She replied, “Ok, what time do you finish work tonight? I’ll go over and meet you for dinner.” 
He straightened his tie and walked to the door. “I’ll go to you after work.” 
“Ok.” 
He then asked, “Did you sleep well last night?” 
As she was about to answer, another call came in for him. 
He paused and looked down at the screen. It was Director Wang. 
He told Nianyao, “Hang on for a moment, I’ve got to take a business call.” 
“Ok.” 
Mo Xicheng switched to take Director Wang’s call, “Hello—” 
Before he could get past the greeting, Director Wang was already exclaiming angrily, “Mo Xicheng, what’s this situation? The filming crew is ready to start working and we’re just waiting for the funds to come in. Have we not agreed that you will invest 40 percent upfront to fund the filming, while Shen Liangchuan will come in with the rest of the 60 percent at a later stage, but where’s the money? Why hasn’t it arrived?!”
###Chapter 1531: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (4) 
After signing the agreement yesterday, Mo Xicheng had promised to transfer at least 20 percent of the funds to the filming crew’s account. 
He had even spoken with the finance department before leaving work, so how could it be possible that they had not received the money
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng was taken aback and asked after a short pause, “Director Wang, are you talking about the full sum? If you’re wondering about the full sum, it may take the company a few days to complete the transaction. We agreed yesterday that 20 percent—” 
“I haven’t received even a single cent, not to mention 20 percent! The filming crew is about to start filming. Without any funds, how do you expect us to operate? Everything is in place and we’re just waiting for the funds to begin.” 
He had not received the 20 percent
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and stared ahead. 
Frowning, he said after a while, “Director Wang, give me a few minutes. I’ll call the office to ask.” 
“Alright then.” 
After he hung up, Mo Xicheng headed out. 
At the same time, he dialed the office. He got into the car and put on his bluetooth earpiece. While he waited for the call to connect, he started driving. 
Very quickly, the call connected. “Hello, this is Mo Xicheng. Get me the finance department.” 
“Sure, CEO Mo.” 
The call was directed to the finance department. The finance department manager picked up the call and greeted him respectfully, “CEO Mo.” 
“Hello. Yesterday I asked for part of the investment funds to be transferred to the filming crew, has it not been done?” 
The finance department manager replied immediately, “I sent the order yesterday. The rest is handled by the staff, so I’ll have to check with them.” 
Mo Xicheng was not happy to hear this excuse. He continued, “You’ve asked your staff to handle such a large sum, yet you do not keep track of it or monitor its movements?” 
The finance department Manager explained, “It’s precisely because it’s a big sum that the transfer might take longer, this is very normal. Even if the transfer was made last night, you still have to wait a while before you see it in your bank account.” 
Mo Xicheng gave an icy smile and asked, “Are you sure the money has been transferred?” 
“CEO Mo, I called the bank and they confirmed it. Of course I’m sure.” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes. 
Money transfers between companies often got delayed, that was for sure. 
But his instinct told him that things weren’t that simple. 
Before they signed the agreement, they had been at Director Wang’s mercy and had had to practically beg him for the collaboration. But after signing the agreement and the investment amount had been confirmed, the two parties’ positions had switched. 
Yesterday, Mo Zhi had embarrassed himself in front of Director Wang’s representative. It was unlikely that he would just keep quiet and allow himself to be taken advantage of. 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and said, “Give me the bank’s number, I’ll call them myself.” 
This request stunned the finance department manager, almost causing him to choke at once. “Erm, CEO Mo, I don’t think there’s a need for that.” 
Upon hearing this, Mo Xicheng’s suspicion that there was something fishy going on grew. 
He said, “Could it be that you haven’t transferred the funds at all?!” 
The finance department manager said after a pause, “CEO Mo, I really did call—” 
“Manager Liu,” although Mo Xicheng spoke unhurriedly and stoically, that made him feel exceptionally uncomfortable. The manager’s surname was Liu, hence Mo Xicheng had addressed him formally, making things rather cold and distant between them. The man shuddered as Mo Xicheng continued, “Did you know that the first day I came to work I locked up the HR manager in the office for a few hours?”
###Chapter 1532: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (5) 
The finance department manager gulped and stammered, “C- CEO Mo—” 
“I know you’ve been instructed by others, but if you’re not going to be honest with me, then I’ll have to teach you a lesson too.” 
The finance department manager fell silent for a short while. Then he finally sighed and said, “Alright, CEO Mo, I’ll tell you the truth then! I did make the transfer, but the bank has rejected the transaction.” 
Narrowing his eyes, Mo Xicheng asked, “Why?” 
The finance department manager was silent for a while before he said, “Because the investment department’s account has got no money. So you can’t transfer any funds!” 
Mo Xicheng widened his eyes in horror and looked at the other man in disbelief. “How could there be no funds?! Isn’t that fixed capital that cannot be just moved around?” 
Why would they even expect him to strike a deal with Director Li if there were no funds
Every company had fixed capital and circulating capital. 
Since their company had recently started the TV and Film City project, having circulating capital was necessary. 
Because that was the only way they could guarantee a source of funds when an investment opportunity came up. 
When Mo Xicheng asked this, the finance department manager started to hem and haw, “Erm- I- I’m not sure about this myself, you need to give us some time. Once we have the circulating capital, we can fill this gap.” 
Mo Xicheng sneered, “I checked the books before making the investment deal and I can confirm that the necessary funds were available. Manager Liu, now you’re telling me there’s no funds on the account, you must be joking?” 
Manager Liu gulped and pleaded, “CEO Mo, please- please don’t make things difficult for me! It’s best that you ask CEO Mo Zhi. I’ve told you all that I can!” 
Greatly infuriated, Mo Xicheng frowned. 
Director Wang was merely giving face to Shen Liangchuan by helping Mo Xicheng. But now, because of the latter, the filming crew was having complications. 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and hung up. 
He knew that Mo Zhi was behind all of this for sure. He could not believe for a moment that the company didn’t have funds. 
It was all very clear on the books. Furthermore, although it was a huge film they were investing in, to the company, this was only a small part of the whole project. The key and overall project was really the establishment of the TV and Film City. 
How could there be no circulating capital for such a significant project
Hence now, Mo Zhi must have moved the funds to make things difficult for him, and also to get back at the filming crew. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and dialed Mo Zhi’s number. 
The call remained unanswered after a few rings. 
Mo Xicheng looked at his cell phone screen and clenched his fists. 
He made another call to Director Wang. “Director Wang, I’m very sorry. I’m just on my way to the office. I will ensure that you get the funds within these few days. I’m grateful for your patience and tolerance.” 
Director Wang answered, “Mo Xicheng, I trust you. Our filming crew awaits the clearing of this fund.” 
“Yes, I understand.” 
After he hung up, he sped the car to get to the office as quickly as possible. 
It was only 8:30 a.m when he got to work. 
He hurried to the reception and asked, “Is Mo Zhi at work yet?” 
The receptionist answered, “Not yet.” 
The man nodded and instructed, “Get him on the phone for me once he arrives.” 
“Sure, CEO Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng went to his office upstairs. He sat at his desk, burning with impatience.
###Chapter 1533: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (6) 
All these years, although he had acted in many films, he had not been very well-paid because he had mostly played supporting roles, and also because he preferred keeping a low-profile. 
In addition, Yao Lili was a big spender and he had bought only two villas. In all, there was no more than a million in his own bank account. 
In fact, he was indeed as poor as a church mouse. 
Hence even if he was willing to use his own money for this, he didn’t have enough. 
Frowning, he swung his armchair around. He stared at the wall with his back to his desk, suddenly feeling sad and dreary. 
What had he done to himself for all those years to be living like this now
After suppressing his potential for so long, this was how things turned out for him. 
He hung his head. Then he looked at the time on his cell phone. It was 9 p.m. 
He called the reception and asked, “Is Mo Zhi here yet?” 
“Not yet, CEO Mo.” 
“Ok.” 
He shut his eyes, willing himself to calm down and continue waiting. 
9:30 a.m. He made another call. 
The receptionist informed, “CEO Mo Zhi is not here yet, CEO Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng decided to call Mo Zhi’s personal assistant instead. “Is Mo Zhi coming to the office today?” 
“CEO Mo has nothing scheduled for today, so he will go to the office.” 
Mo Xicheng had already hung up. 
10 a.m. 
He cast his gaze down. He couldn’t help feeling the irony of the situation when he recalled how Mo Zhi had berated him on his first day of work. 
So it turned out that Mo Zhi had only been putting up an act of coming to work on time in the last couple days. 
He laughed icily and continued waiting. 
11 a.m. The receptionist finally called to say, “CEO Mo, I just saw Senior CEO Mo coming into the office.” 
She spoke nearly whispering and sounded cautious. Mo Xicheng realized that the receptionist was probably informing him secretly. 
He said to her, “Thank you.” 
Immediately, the receptionist felt important and replied, “It’s ok, this is my duty. I shall not hold you up then, CEO Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng grunted an acknowledgement and hung up. 
He contemplated the situation for a moment. Then without making a call, he got up and walked out of the office. 
Now that he had moved upstairs, he was working on the same floor as Mo Zhi. Hence he stood there staring at the elevator in anticipation. The lift arrived and stopped on their floor. Immediately, he saw Mo Zhi walk out of the elevator. 
He was dressed in a black suit and yawning as he entered. Obviously, the man had just gotten out of bed. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes at once. 
At the same time, Mo Zhi spotted him as well. 
He halted and stared at Mo Xicheng. 
They exchanged a look in silence. 
After a while, Mo Zhi took two steps forward and threw Mo Xicheng a look of disgust. Smoothing his hair, he said, “What’s up, coming here to look for me so early in the morning?” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and inquired, “Let me ask you. We signed the agreement yesterday, we have to transfer the funds. Why hasn’t the filming crew received the money?” 
Mo Zhi spoke, “This is a question you should be asking the finance department! What has it got to do with me?” 
On this note, he tried to walk around Mo Xicheng to get into his office. 
Mo Xicheng placed a hand on the other man’s shoulder to stop him. “Mo Zhi, this is a big project for the company. Don’t be obstinate. I’m telling you, the consequences of this aren’t something you can bear!”
###Chapter 1534: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (7) 
Mo Zhi narrowed his eyes and smirked upon hearing those words. “The whole company is mine, what are those consequences that I can’t bear? Even if the company went bankrupt, it’s my own company.” 
After saying these unreasonable words, he drew back his shoulder and walked around Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng stared at the man’s back. 
He cast his gaze down after a while. 
Returning to his office and having contemplated the situation, he made a call to Shen Liangchuan. 
The line connected almost immediately. He heard Shen Liangchuan’s deep and steady voice speaking, “What’s up?” 
“Have you got circulating capital in your company at the moment?” 
“Yes, we do.” 
“Could you make an advance payment to Director Wang?” 
Without even hesitating for a moment, the man said, “Sure.” 
Then after a brief moment of consideration, he added, “Are you in some sort of trouble?” 
Mo Xicheng took a deep breath and told him, “There is no money in the company’s account. I think Mo Zhi has moved the funds to make things difficult for me. But it’s ok, I can sort it out.” 
Shen Liangchuan acknowledged the man’s words. 
After a moment, he added, “I’ve been hearing that Mo Zhi has been purchasing a large amount of stocks and shares under his personal account.” 
Mo Xicheng was taken aback by this new information. “Is that so?” i?r.＆nbsp;com
“Uh huh,” Shen Liangchuan said unhurriedly. “I think the source is quite reliable. It’s probably true.” 
Mo Xicheng stared into the space ahead and clenched his fists. 
He suddenly had a frightening thought. 
Could it be possible that all the circulating capital in the company had been misappropriated by Mo Zhi to buy stocks and shares under his personal name, resulting in a shortage of funds for the company
At this thought, Mo Xicheng turned around quickly and headed to the finance department. 
He demanded outrightly, “I want to take a look at the company’s account books for the recent months!” 
Instantly, the finance department manager hesitated and said, “Erm- erm- Does CEO Mo- I mean, CEO Mo Zhi, know about this?” 
The man’s reaction further aroused Mo Xicheng’s suspicions. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes as he glared at Manager Liu. He replied, “So what if he knows or doesn’t know?” 
Manager Liu gulped. Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and continued, “Or do you only obey orders from Chairman Mo?” 
Manager Liu was immediately silenced. He gave a nervous cough and replied, “I’ll get the information for you.” 
They could no longer hide what was going on. 
Mo Xicheng spent two full hours looking through the account books and it became clear to him that the circulating capital in the company had indeed disappeared. 
He narrowed his eyes, picked up the account books and walked out of the finance department office. 
He strode up to Mo Zhi’s office in the penthouse. 
When he threw open the door, he saw Mo Zhi slumped on the table. The sleeping man was suddenly woken up by the sound of the door opening. He looked up and, seeing that it was Mo Xicheng, said disdainfully, “What are you doing here?” 
Bam! 
Mo Xicheng slammed the account book on the desk and demanded, “Mo Zhi, where is all the circulating capital of the company?!” 
Mo Zhi squinted when he saw the account book. After a moment, he smirked and replied, “CEO Mo, you are indeed a big deal, checking my accounts the moment you step in.” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and leaned menacingly into Mo Zhi, saying, “Tell me, have you misappropriated the company funds and bought stocks and shares with the money?!”
###Chapter 1535: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (8) 
Mo Zhi sprang onto his feet and gave Mo Xicheng a warning look. “You have no proof, so you’d better watch what you say! How would I know where the company funds are? If you’re so capable, you can go and find out yourself. And although the company is making investments everywhere, we are just taking from one project to fund another. Did you really think that the company really has so much money? Most of them are loans from banks. What do you know? Talking rubbish like that!” 
With an icy snort, he turned to walk out of the office. 
Staring at him, Mo Xicheng said, “One week. I’m giving you one week. If the missing funds are not back in place then, don’t blame me for taking strong measures.” 
Mo Zhi halted. He turned back to look at Mo Xicheng. He lowered his head and squinted. 
With another icy snort, he walked away, leaving Mo Xicheng standing alone in the office. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes. 
He walked out of the office. 
There was no direct proof that Mo Zhi had embezzled company funds. And even if they pursued this with the finance department, there was no way they could come up with any proof. 
But as long as the act had been committed, then for sure there would be tracks left behind. 
He didn’t want to completely end his relationship with Mo Zhi, so he had threatened him instead. 
If the man was smart enough, he would sell the stocks and shares on hand and return the money. And if he didn’t take heed, then they would have to fight. 
Mo Xicheng sighed deeply at this thought and hung his head. 
– 
Mo Zhi walked away from Mo Xicheng and got into the elevator. 
The moment the elevator door shut behind him, the look of arrogance he had put up in front of Mo Xicheng disappeared. He turned pale and became nervous. 
Immediately, he picked up his cell phone and dialed Yao Lili’s number. “Mom, what’s the situation with the stocks and shares that we bought?” 
The woman sighed and said, “They fell for another two points.” 
“What?” 
“I- I didn’t know that would happen either. A few days ago, this company’s stocks were still skyrocketing and then suddenly, it stopped and fell sharply.” 
Mo Zhi said, “Well if we sold it now, we’d be making a big loss.” 
“That’s right. If we sell it now, we’ll lose a lot of money. The analysts are explaining it to me now. Did you know that we bought it when the price peaked? At the time, it was ten dollars a share and now it’s dropped to six dollars a share. We have to put more money into these shares.” 
Mo Zhi was taken aback and remarked, “Why give them more money?” 
Yao Lili explained, “We don’t have a choice. We bought the stock at its peak price, but it looks like it might go back up again. If we put more money in now, we can regain our initial investment when it’s around eight dollars. So as long as the stock price hits eight dollars, we won’t make a loss. Or even if it goes back up to seven dollars, we would cut our losses.” 
That was how things worked with stocks and shares. Sometimes to reduce the loss, one had to keep investing. In the end, that could become a bottomless pit. 
Right now, Mo Zhi furrowed his brow. 
Yao Lili asked, “Do you think you access more funds?” 
Mo Zhi sighed deeply and said, “We’re expecting a payment coming in from one of our projects in another day or two. Let me see then!” 
“Uh huh, but you have to be careful not to arouse suspicion.” 
Mo Zhi nodded and replied, “I know, but this morning it seemed like Mo Xicheng had discovered something, and he even said he was going to deal with me.” 
“Don’t worry. If he dares, I have a way of taking care of that!”
###Chapter 1536: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (9) 
Director Wang eventually received a transfer from Shen Liangchuan, hence the matter became less of an urgency. 
However, Mo Xicheng was furious. 
He had always been aware that Mo Zhi committed all sorts of outrageous acts in the company. As a result, there was a group of senior management staff who did not condone his behavior. But he had not realized how bad things were. 
Now he finally understood how unrestrained Mo Zhi was with corruption. 
He had siphoned off all of the company’s circulating capital to make personal investments in stocks and shares, and then he had shifted the resources among existing projects as a cover-up. 
He knew what it was all about. The man had taken company funds to invest and in the end, he would return the money to the company and keep the profits from the investments. 
But even then, what if the company needed funds urgently
Or what if his investment made huge losses?! 
Mo Xicheng frowned at the thought of this and clenched his fists tightly. 
He contemplated it for a moment, picked up the phone and called the finance department. “I saw that Team 2 has a project that’s about to finish. When is payment coming in?” 
Manager Liu of the finance department replied, “We’re expecting it any day now.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and instructed, “Very well. When the funds come in, remember to inform me.” 
“Roger.” 
– 
Two days later. 
Mo Zhi hurried to the finance department the moment he got to work. 
When he saw Manager Liu, he ordered, “I’ve got a construction team that needs to be paid their wages right away. There is also payment for some materials that we need to settle with them. Let me have the money that has just come in.” 
Would Manager Liu dare to say no to his boss
He looked at Mo Zhi as though he wanted to say something, but no words came, “I—” 
Mo Zhi hollered angrily at once, “What now? You won’t obey me anymore? Or have you shifted your loyalty to the new CEO Mo?” 
Manager Liu was in a conundrum now and said, “CEO Mo, the construction project team’s wages and that outstanding payment are not terribly urgent, whereas Director Wang is waiting to start work. Would you—” 
Manager Liu had been working for the company for many years. In the past, when CEO Mo acted outrageously, he had only been able to watch quietly. 
But now after what Mo Xicheng had done yesterday, in addition to how the two had been trying to outwit each other recently, Manager Liu suddenly felt it was time that he spoke up for what was right. 
The contract terms for Mo Zhi’s project stated that the payment had to be fulfilled within the month. 
Initially, the company’s circulating capital on top of the funds that had come in would have been enough to cover two projects. 
But now they no longer had the circulating capital, hence the company funds could only cover one project. 
Although Mo Zhi’s project had started before Mo Xicheng’s, it was only the beginning of the month. According to the contract, they had 30 days to make the payment, so they could actually delay it till the end of the month. 
At that point, there would be another lot of funds coming in from a different project, and this would cover for the lack of circulating capital. 
This was why Manager Liu felt compelled to speak up and ask Mo Zhi to wait till the end of the month to make those payments. It would solve their problems. 
However before he could even finish what he wanted to say, Mo Zhi interrupted him angrily, “Are you the boss or am I? Don’t you know the name of this company? Let me remind you, this is the Mo family business.” 
Manager Liu furrowed his brow and then said, “Junior CEO Mo asked us to send the money this morning as well, I—” 
At this point, Mo Zhi’s cell phone rang. 
He lowered his head and glanced at his phone screen. Then looking up again, he waved off Manger Liu and walked to the side to pick up his call. 
Immediately, Yao Lili spoke on the other end of the line, “Mo Zhi, have you got the money? The shares have gone up to $6.50! If we had bought them two days ago, we would have recovered some of that loss. When is your money coming in exactly?! The stock market will not wait for us.”
###Chapter 1537: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (10) 
Mo Zhi frowned. As he reflected, he turned back to glance at the finance department manager and said in a low voice, “I have a sum of money coming in today, but Mo Xicheng’s project with Director Wang is waiting for funds as well. I’m trying to talk things out with the finance department manager.” 
“Talk things out?!” Yao Lili yelped in shock. “Now you have to resort to talking things with your employees? What has Mo Xicheng done to you? How can he target you this way? Is he trying to take whatever is yours? Mo Zhi, you have to listen to your mom. I’m telling you, while you’re still in charge, make all the money you can. The money that we used to buy the stocks and shares belong to the both of us now! We can’t tell what will happen in the future. If he really takes the company away from you, what would we do then? We need to have an exit plan.” 
Her words hit home with Mo Zhi. 
From the time Yao Lili had revealed to him that he was her son, and Mo Xicheng was Li Shu’s son, Mo Zhi had been very troubled. He even had frequent nightmares, dreaming that when he woke up, he had become Mo Xicheng. He was despised and rebuked by everyone for being the son of a mistress, that he was an illegitimate son, and everything he had just vanished into thin air. 
Since childhood, he had been brought up as a second generation heir and the thing that he was most afraid of was losing everything. 
Hence, he had to take any opportunity he had to increase his wealth, so that even if the worst should happen in the future, he would have the means to sustain himself and continue to live a comfortable life. 
At this thought, he narrowed his eyes and said to Yao Lili, “I know. Don’t worry, I will get my hands on this money.” 
After he hung up and turned around again, he was filled with readiness to burn everything on his way. 
He looked at Manager Liu and ordered him, “This is an order. In two hours, I want this money transferred to the account I’ve indicated.” 
After saying this, he turned to leave. 
However, after he had taken two steps, Manager Liu spoke up, “But CEO Mo, Junior CEO Mo—” 
Mo Zhi immediately cut the man off before he could finish what he was saying. 
“What Junior CEO Mo?! I’m telling you, he’s a little bastard child, brought up by a mistress! That bastard! You are comparing him to me?! Let me remind you, I’m the head of this company. Manager Liu, you’d better get this clear in your head.” 
After saying this, he turned around and was ready to walk away. 
However the moment he turned around, he saw that Mo Xicheng was standing behind him. Mo Zhi jumped in fright. At once, he was on the alert. 
Specially in the light of that last remark he had made. He gulped at once and took a step back nervously. Instantly, he tried to be the first to blame, “Mo Xicheng, why are you sneaking around? Huh? I’m talking to the finance department manager, why are you interrupting?!” 
Mo Xicheng glared at him steadily. 
Since childhood, he had been called a bastard child by Mo Zhi countless times so this was nothing new. 
Neither had he any feelings for Mo Zhi. 
He only felt that what Mo Zhi was doing was ridiculous. He stared at the man and said unhurriedly, “We will need these funds for Director Wang’s project, it’s a priority. We’ve signed the contract and if we don’t transfer the money within the week, it will be considered a breach of contract. The penalty is serious and it’s all stated clearly in the agreement.”
###Chapter 1538: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (11) 
Mo Xicheng spoke clearly and in no uncertain terms. Mo Zhi narrowed his eyes. 
He stared at Mo Xicheng and sneered at the man icily, “You were the one who signed the contract, of course you will have to think of a way to manage it. Let me be upfront with you then. In 28 days, the company will receive a payment. You can use it then, but now the current funds are mine.” 
“And I’m telling you, where Director Wang is concerned, I’ve already got wind that Shen Liangchuan has transferred the money to him. So on our part, it can definitely wait till the end of the month. Aren’t you on very good terms with Shen Liangchuan and Director Wang? You can always talk to Director Wang and ask for his understanding on this matter.” 
“I need the funds urgently, and since you’re not in urgent need, of course the priority goes to me.” 
Mo Xicheng glared at the man, a smirk slowly spreading across his face. “So according to you, Director Wang signed the contract with our company for my sake, and now that I’ve got Shen Liangchuan to tide us over, it’s completely within reason that we breach the contract and I go to Director Wang to ask for some leeway?” 
Mo Zhi gave a frosty laugh and said, “Of course! My project has come to an end. Do you think it’s reasonable to hold off payment to the workers?! If this got out, people would think that the Mo family has no money.” 
When Mo Xicheng heard this, he drew out a document and threw it down forcefully before Mo Zhi, saying, “It’s all clearly stated in the contract. We will pay them before the 30th. There is a payment coming in on the 28th and that will be in time for your project. The funds we have now have to be used for my project!” 
Mo Zhi replied in fury, “I said I’m not giving you those funds and that’s final!” 
On this note, he turned to the finance department manager and instructed, “You are not to give him the money, do you hear me? If you do that, you may hand in your resignation right away!” 
After threatening the man, he gave Mo Xicheng an icy smirk. 
Manager Liu was now extremely troubled. He looked at Mo Xicheng pleadingly. 
He had served the Mo family as the business’ finance department manager for many years. With a recent home loan, a car loan and school fees to bear, it was indeed a bad time for him to be changing jobs. 
He didn’t want to lose his job, hence he had to do an injustice to Mo Xicheng. 
He looked at Mo Xicheng and sighed with a lowered head. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes at this situation and said, “Mo Zhi, what has Manager Liu got to do with this? If you insist on making things difficult, then let’s call for a meeting. Everyone can vote on who should have priority to use these funds.” 
Mo Zhi immediately choked upon hearing this. “You—” 
Based on the contracts, of course Mo Zhi’s project didn’t have0000 as much weight as Mo Xicheng’s. 
None of the senior management staff were people who ignored their job. They all had the interest of the company at heart, so they had never taken the affairs of the company lightly. 
And it was for this same reason that Mo Zhi had not been well received in the company initially. 
So if a meeting were to be called, needless to say, the money would go to Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Zhi squinted instantly at this thought. He quickly said, “We’ll do this then! Let’s go and look for Dad! Let him have the say of who gets the funds.” 
As soon as he said this, he picked up the cell phone and made the call. 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down as he observed how obstinate Mo Zhi was. 
He knew that things had come to a point where he could only wait for Mo Hai’s decision.
###Chapter 1539: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (12) 
An hour later. 
Mo Zhi and Mo Xicheng stood in Mo Hai’s office in the penthouse. 
This office was a little different from Mo Xicheng and Mo Zhi’s offices—it was much bigger and elegant, a clear indication of Mo Hai’s indisputable position as the chairman of the company. 
He sat on his swivel armchair, looking at the two men before him. 
Then he looked at the two contracts on the table. He looked up at Mo Zhi with a frown and said, “You may speak first.” 
Mo Zhi immediately said, “Dad, look at my construction project. The project has been completed. If word got out that we haven’t paid them, won’t people think that we the Mo family have no money?” 
Mo Hai laughed when he heard this. “This is childish thinking. Whether we have money or otherwise doesn’t hinge on whether we can straight away. It depends on whether we can pay within the agreed time frame. Don’t you know how much daily interest this money will draw just sitting in the bank? Hence, it is reasonable to pay up any time within the payment period.” 
Mo Zhi turned pale at once when he heard this. He retorted, “Dad, are you saying that Mo Xicheng should have priority for this money?!” 
Mo Hai shifted his gaze to Mo Xicheng. 
The young man lowered his gaze and said, “Director Wang has called a few times to hurry me.” 
With that one remark, he made his difficult situation clear. 
He believed that Mo Hai would understand without him having to point it out explicitly. 
It only depended on whether he was willing to address it. 
If he was unwilling, then it was pointless to say more. 
Mo Xicheng hung his head waiting for Mo Hai’s decision. 
Mo Zhi glanced at Mo Xicheng and then suddenly said, “Dad, come with me.” 
After those words, he walked to the lounge next to the office. 
Mo Hai threw Mo Zhi a glance and then looked at Mo Xicheng, who was still looking at the ground with his head lowered, as though he had not noticed the interaction between Mo Zhi and himself. Or perhaps he had noticed it, but responded only with a taunting expression. 
He looked at Mo Zhi again. The man was now standing in the lounge, waving at him. It was obvious he wanted to use back-door tactics. 
Mo Hai couldn’t help seeing the contrast between his two sons. 
He sighed in his heart and hesitated for a few seconds. He ultimately got to his feet and walked over to the lounge to have a private conversation with Mo Zhi. in?. Coｍ
Mo Xicheng was immediately left on his own in that huge office. 
He stood there a little distracted, as his gaze fell on the ashtray on the coffee table. 
It was a simple decision that anyone would be able to make without difficulty. Why was Mo Hai so troubled and hesitant
He turned to look in the direction of the lounge, the door was shut now. He couldn’t help smirking icily. Those two were the real father and son. In any case, he had been treated like that all his life, overlooked and neglected. 
– 
In the lounge. 
Mo Hai looked at his son with a deadpan expression. “What is it? What have you got to say to me?” 
Mo Zhi tugged at his father’s sleeve at once and started, “Dad, you have to let me have the funds. I need it for something urgent!” 
Mo Hai frowned and asked, “What’s so urging? Huh?” 
Mo Zhi coughed lightly and said, “I already promised the other party the money. If I can’t give it to them, I won’t be able to face my friends in the future! People will start talking and saying that I can’t even hold a candle to the illegitimate son brought up by a mistress. How could I face the world like that?!” 
Mo Hai was moved by that remark. 
Indeed. 
Whether it was in terms of capabilities or interpersonal relationships, Mo Zhi was nowhere as skilled as Mo Xicheng.
###Chapter 1540: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (13) 
If Mo Xicheng inherited the family estate, then what would become of Mo Zhi
If everyone found out that Mo Zhi could not hold a candle to Mo Xicheng, then wouldn’t the former become a laughing stock?! 
After Mo Zhi spoke and saw that Mo Hai was still wavering, he immediately lowered his head and sighed. “I know I’m not as good as Mo Xicheng, that is why you allowed Mo Xicheng to join the company. And I know too, Dad, that you are very disappointed in me. But Dad, you have to believe me, I’ve been putting in my best effort. Do you know that man, Wang Wendong, berated me?” 
Mo Hai paused and saw that Mo Zhi’s eyes had reddened. He instantly asked, “Berated you about what?” 
“He said that I had been abandoned by you and that the bastard child Mo Xicheng has become your favorite son! And everyone laughed at me. I- I don’t even feel like meeting anyone anymore.” 
Mo Zhi hung his head after saying this, looking weak and helpless. This caused Mo Hai to feel even more guilty. i?r． ?m
Since Li Shu had told him to hand the business over to Mo Xicheng, he had started to feel a deep guilt towards Mo Zhi. And now that Mo Zhi looked so wronged and grieved, Mo Hai’s heart softened. He nodded and said, “I know.” 
Mo Zhi’s eyes lit up. 
Looking at him, Mo Hai shook his head. 
– 
When the father and son finally emerged from the lounge, Mo Xicheng was still standing there with his head lowered in the same position, as though the private conversation in the lounge had never taken place. 
Oddly, seeing Mo Xicheng’s behavior made Mo Hai feel a tinge of guilt. He halted for a brief moment and continued to walk towards the man. 
He sat back on his swivel chair and looked at his two sons. 
Finally, he looked at Mo Xicheng and said, “Since Shen Liangchuan has already transferred some funds to Director Wang, I think that if you have a chat with Director Wang to let him know that our funds will be delayed for a month, it should be alright.” 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank back when he heard this. He snapped his head up and looked at Mo Hai with an expression of disbelief. 
Mo Hai lowered his head and looked away, not daring to meet the young man’s eyes. He coughed lightly and said, “Your brother needs the funds more urgently. I think you can avoid the the problem more easily on your end. Let’s do that then.” 
After saying this, he dismissed them with a wave of his hand. “Alright, go back to your work.” 
It was clear in his behavior that he wanted them gone, Mo Xicheng did not even have a chance to speak. 
He clenched his fists tightly and stared at Mo Hai, feeling that the man couldn’t be any more biased if he tried. 
He threw a look at Mo Hai, then spun around and walked away. 
Staring at the man’s figure, Mo Zhi said to Mo Hai, “Dad, just look at him, he’s that arrogant. Oh well, it’s hard to blame him. Working in our family business is unworthy of his talent after all!” 
Mo Hai frowned upon hearing Mo Zhi’s remarks and berated him, “Stop saying negative things about others behind their backs. Have you got no work to do? If you haven’t finished your work, you shouldn’t be hanging around here.” 
Mo Zhi quickly walked out of the office. At the doorway, he turned around and said to Mo Hai, “Dad, remember to call Manager Liu of the finance department to let him know. Huh! Did you know that ever since we have a Junior CEO Mo in the company, people have started to ignore what I say?” 
On this note, he shut the door to Mo Hai’s office. 
After the door had shut completely, he straightened up his posture and twitched his mouth. He took out his cell phone excitedly to call Yao Lili.
###Chapter 1541: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (14) 
“The money is about to come in. Listen carefully. Put in all the money and then in ten days, I want you to cash it out. Regardless of whether we lose or make money, do you understand?!” 
Yao Lili instantly said, “I know. Isn’t my son the best? I knew you could do it for sure!” 
Looking triumphant at once, Mo Zhi said arrogantly, “That’s true. You have to know who you’re dealing with. But where the shares are concerned, you have to hurry, you can’t delay it. If by the end of the month we can’t return the money, I won’t be able to answer for the construction team and if the matter escalates, it’s going to have a bad impact on me.” 
“Ok, I got it, but don’t worry too much! It’s your dad. You’re just taking your dad’s money to do a small business, isn’t that the normal thing to do? So what if you make a loss? It’s your dad’s money and you can spend it as you wish.” 
Mo Zhi laughed and said, “True, you’re right. That is my money and mine alone. I can spend it as I wish! You proceed with buying the shares and just add a bit more money.” 
At this point, he suddenly froze. 
To prevent anyone from hearing the conversation with Yao Lili, Mo Zhi went to the balcony. He was about to step on the balcony when he unexpectedly ran into Mo Xicheng, standing just around the corner. 
He had a fright and stopped midway through the sentence. 
Yao Lili continued, “Alright, I know. I will put more money. What are you doing? Why have you gone silent?” 
Mo Zhi gulped and immediately placed his hand over the phone speaker, fearing that Mo Xicheng might hear Yao Lili’s voice. Then he said in a low voice, “Alright, I know. I have to go.” 
On this note, he hung up. 
Immediately, he looked at Mo Xicheng. 
He smiled icily and asked, “What did you hear?” 
Mo Xicheng smiled back just as coldy. “Everything.” 
Mo Zhi’s heart missed a beat as he tried to recall. To avoid exposing the identity of whom he had been talking to, he had not addressed the other party. Hence, Mo Xicheng couldn’t have known that it was Yao Lili on the line. 
As long as he didn’t know, then Mo Xicheng wouldn’t be able to correctly guess the nature of his relationship with Yao Lili. 
With this thought, he sighed in relief at once. 
He lifted his head to look at Mo Xicheng and said, “I don’t know what you heard but, I’ll have you know that the funds are mine to use now, as Dad has agreed. So it’s useless even if you intercept me here. I suggest you get back to work.” 
After he said this, he was about to walk around Mo Xicheng to leave. 
However after a few steps, Mo Xicheng grabbed him by his shoulder. 
Mo Zhi turned around. Mo Xicheng said unhurriedly, “You’re not using the funds to pay the workers. You’re using the money to buy more shares!” 
Seeing that Mo Xicheng knew what was going on, he panicked for a moment, but calmed down quickly. 
He smirked and said, “That’s right. The money is not for the workers indeed. The contract states that the payment is due on the 30th of the month. I’d be a fool to pay them now! But so what? The money’s mine now!! You can’t have it even if you wanted it.”
###Chapter 1542: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (15) 
Mo Zhi didn’t care about causing a scene now, which made Mo Xicheng realize life was one big joke. 
What a great father Mo Hai was to Mo Zhi, going to the extreme for the man. But how would he feel if he were to find out that this son, who he protected with so much pain, wasn’t using this money for the business, but to buy shares for himself
Mo Xicheng laughed icily and narrowed his eyes as he glared at the other man. “Don’t you think I’ll tell the chairman right away?” 
He had never called Mo Hai “Dad”. It had been “Mr. Mo” as a child and now it was “Chairman”. 
Mo Zhi laughed scornfully and asked, “What are you going to tell him? That I didn’t pay the workers? I’ll tell him that I’ll do it in another couple of days. You think he’ll doubt me?” 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes did not leave Mo Zhi. He replied, “Well, there will be a time you use the money to buy those shares. Once the money is gone, I will check and if the workers have not received their pay, the truth will be out.” 
Mo Zhi squinted, his face tensed. “How dare you?!” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and said, “Watch me and see if I dare!” 
He didn’t wish to say more to such a person. With that, he turned and walked away. 
After Mo Zhi saw that he had left, he gulped. 
He lowered his head, looked at his cell phone and made another call to Yao Lili. 
The woman asked anxiously, “What happened? Did something go wrong?” 
Mo Zhi nodded and answered, “Yes. An unexpected event. I just ran into Mo Xicheng.” 
Yao Lili asked anxiously, “What did he say?” 
“He overheard my conversation and knows that I am going to use the funds to buy shares. Once the money disappears from the account and the workers do not receive their pay, I’ll be done for.” 
He kicked the wall in anger and sneered, “This Mo Xicheng is disgusting! What do I do now? He’ll look into the accounts once I move the funds! I can’t touch the money. F*cking annoying!” 
Yao Lili was speechless with anger to hear this. “He’s doing this on purpose, he’s making things difficult on purpose! This f*cking child, I knew it wouldn’t be so simple. Don’t worry. Don’t worry about him, I’ll take care of him.” 
Mo Zhi’s eyes lit up as he said, “How are you going to resolve this?” 
“Just wait and watch.” 
Upon returning to his office, Mo Xicheng took a few deep breaths to calm himself. 
To think that the Mo family business could be ridiculous to this extent. 
He gave a scornful laugh and lowered his gaze as he raised a hand to apply pressure on his temple. 
It was no wonder Gao Feng had said that the Mo family enterprise had hit an all-time low. 
With an idiot like Mo Zhi, it was a miracle that the business was still functioning. nαd. om
Time passed unconsciously in the office and it was now lunchtime. 
Mo Xicheng got to his feet and was about to head out for lunch when his cell phone rang. 
He looked down at the screen. It was his manager. 
He picked up the call and heard the man’s urgent tone, “Hurry, hurry up and look at the entertainment channel on TV!” 
Mo Xicheng paused as he turned on the TV and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Just as he made this question, he froze. 
He saw Yao Lili on the screen, with bloodshot eyes. She said to the reporters gathered in front of her, “I have to admit, I’m a mistress and broke up a family. My son is Mo Xicheng.”
###Chapter 1543: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (16) 
Mo Xicheng froze on the spot. 
He stared at the screen steadily, grasping the content displayed on the TV. He looked at the person on the screen with his eyes widened in disbelief. 
He clenched his fists tightly. He had not expected that Yao Lili would actually appear on TV and publicly announce her status. 
And on TV now, she was saying, “I made a mistake in my youth and bore this child. I wasn’t ready and was weak. I didn’t dare to raise him alone, so I brought him back to the Mo family. It was Madam Mo who showed me generosity and allowed us to stay with them for many years.” 
“I’ve always been grateful to the Mo family and have never thought of meddling in the family. Besides, after that one accident, I have never been with him again.” 
“I do feel guilty, I shouldn’t have broken up their family.” 
After she said this, a reporter asked, “Madam Yao, since you feel guilty, why didn’t you take your child and leave? Or leave the child with them and leave by yourself?” 
Yao Lili’s tears started flowing as she replied, “I’m just someone from a small village and we are conservative. The villagers value reputation and moral integrity. Mr. Mo and I had an inappropriate relationship, so they would talk about me behind my back if I went back to the village and it would have embarrassed my parents. I didn’t dare to go home and didn’t know what to do. I wasn’t educated and I’m quite illiterate. As for abandoning my child with the Mo family, how would I bear to do that to my own child?” 
She lowered her head and wiped her tears with her sleeve, like a lost and innocent impoverished woman from a desolate outskirt village. Looking at the reporters, she gestured with her hand and said, “I really did not intend to ruin Mr. Mo and his family. All that time, I lived next door to their house with Mo Xicheng. Otherwise, Mr. Mo and Madam Mo would not be still together today.” 
“I will always remember their kindness. Especially Mrs. Mo. Although she was upset that I had interrupted their family life, eventually she saw how abiding I was. She was generous and magnanimous toward my son and I. Mo Xicheng went to the same school as the young master of the Mo family. But after graduation, Mo Xicheng went into show business.” 
Another reporter asked immediately, “You mentioned that you’re calling a press conference because you have something to tell us. May I know what you wish to tell us?” 
Upon hearing this question, Yao Lili slowly raised her head and looked steadily at the reporters. She bit her lip and kept quiet for a long time to create suspense. Then she suddenly buried her face in her hands. 
Her tears seeped through the spaces between her fingers as she cried. “I- I didn’t think that Mo Xicheng would fall for the luxury of show business, but he has now started to fight the young master of the Mo family for the family estate. Madam Mo is a kind soul, so thinking that because he’s also the son of Mr. Mo, they gave him 30 percent share of the company shares. But he is not satisfied, and after joining the company, he has been making things difficult for Young Master Mo. Young Master Mo cares about his family and his brother, whereas Mo Xicheng has been completely blinded by wealth and power. His thinking has been clouded over by the prospects of money.”
###Chapter 1544: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (17) 
After saying all of this, Yao Lili burst into tears and cried. “Although I am not cultured and come from a poor family, and my hometown is a backward and tiny village, I know what it means to return kindness with kindness. I know very well that the Mo family has been nothing but magnanimous toward us. Indeed, we shouldn’t ask more from them.” 
“I’ve counseled him many times, but he doesn’t listen. He insisted on getting involved in the family business. I haven’t been able to eat or sleep well in recent times. I’ve woken up from nightmares many times. I wish to look for him and to talk to him, but he thinks that I’m annoying and that I don’t understand him. He doesn’t even pick up my calls.” 
“I didn’t have a choice, I can only ask help from the media. I know my son has acted in TV shows. If I call out to him through this platform, he should be able to see it.” 
“Son, Mo Xicheng, I only wanted to tell you, don’t be greedy. We were wrong from the start. Without the Mo family, Mom would have not brought you into this world. They gave us the guarantee of survival. We can’t turn into indecent human beings! Sob, sob, sob.” 
After this remark, she burst into tears again, crying non-stop. 
She choked and cried, so that anyone watching it felt her pain and felt sorry for her. Especially her wailing, it was quite unbearable. 
The reporters exchanged looks with each other, at a loss for words. 
Eventually, the camera panned towards the TV station’s host reporter. She sighed and said, “This is the main entertainment news item of the day. Mo Xicheng, who in the past never joined any publicity events, has made appearances in recent press conferences for Ambition. He has also taken up two advertising deals in this month alone. In the past, everyone wondered and asked why the low profile and the answer seems clear now. It’s because Mo Xicheng is an illegitimate son. Perhaps it was because of his status that he had to hide. But now, his mother has announced it publicly. Does this mean he has really blinded by money and power? We’ll be back to follow this piece of news, thank you for watching.” 
On this note, the platform started to broadcast another item. 
– 
Firstly, this was tabloid journalism, and sensationalist news which talked about the wealthy always spread faster than a wildfire. 
Secondly, taking advantage of Mo Xicheng’s popularity, the channel was shared and reposted repeatedly throughout the internet. 
#Mo Xicheng, illegitimate son# instantly became a trending topic on Weibo. 
The comments and verbal abuse immediately flooded the online platforms. ?аd. ?om
Within the entertainment industry, celebrities sniggered but would not comment. 
Of course, some people stood up and pretended to defend justice, speaking up for Mo Xicheng. 
Even Chen Junjie, who had been taken down by Mo Xicheng recently, took the opportunity to make a comment, “Never in my wildest dreams did I think that Mo Xicheng was an illegitimate son. Nevertheless, we’re in modern times, he shouldn’t be fighting for the family estate with the true heir. It gives me the feeling that the Mo family has raised an ungrateful son. What right does such a person have to be working in the family business? I’d say, for someone like this, it’s good enough that they’ve brought him up. They shouldn’t have given him shares.”
###Chapter 1545: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (18) 
This piece of news circulated madly and drew an endless stream of comments from fans. 
[Damn, I didn’t think you were such a rotten idol. I’m speechless! I liked you for nothing. 
[Is this real? Is this real? Is this real? I still can’t believe it.] 
[Although our law does allow for an illegitimate son to inherit the family fortune, the way Mo Xicheng does it sickens me.] 
[I think Madam Mo was kind enough to have raised you and not care about you, but to think that you are still trying to get more. This person makes me speechless.] 
[That’s right. This is simply too much. Mo Xicheng, get out! I will never like you again!] 
… 
All sorts of abusive comments flooded the Internet. 
Shi Nianyao, who at this time was at home and preparing dinner for Mo Xicheng, suddenly received a call from Qiao Lian. She picked up the call cheerfully and was even saying in jest, “Lian Lian, you actually thought of me? I thought you were so busy doing the lovey-dovey thing with your Best Actor Shen that you forgot everyone else. Oh, and how has my goddaughter or godson been lately? You—” 
Before she could finish what she was saying, Qiao Lian interrupted, “Stop joking around, your idol is in trouble! Hurry up and look at the internet.” 
Shi Nianyao, who was keeping her eyes on the oven as she talked, immediately straightened her posture when she heard this. “What’s the matter?” 
She instantly put the conversation aside and logged into Weibo. She was infuriated the moment she saw the headlines. 
After she understood what was going on, Shi Nianyao cursed audibly, “Damn it! Is this Yao Lili stupid or something? Even if other people don’t know what’s going on, she would know. Look at how far Mo Zhi has gone to drag my idol! And they expect my idol to continue to accept it quietly?!” 
She heaved heavily with anger. Her eyes turned bloodshot when she saw the abusive comments on the internet directed at Mo Xicheng. It hurt her even more than if those words had been directed at herself. 
It had taken Mo Xicheng so many years and so much effort to get to where he was today. 
Her tears started to flow and choking, she asked, “Lian Lian, what are we going to do now? My idol will be so sad!” 
Qiao Lian sighed and said, “This matter is a bit serious. Firstly, Yao Lili had given indirect facts. Besides, illegitimate children and mistresses are generally frowned upon. Also, she painted it as though Mo Zhi is suffering and people like to sympathize with the disadvantaged. So this is going to be a tough one.” 
Shi Nianyao tightened her fists immediately and said, “So my idol has to shoulder these rumors? Clearly, they are the ones in the wrong. Yao Lili obviously is in the wrong, why push the blame on my idol?” 
Qiao Lian consoled her, “Don’t panic. We will think of a way together. I will talk to Shen Liangchuan to get him to think of a solution as well.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded and said, “Uh huh. Now I have to rush over to see my idol, I’m sure he’s devastated.” 
The saddest thing wasn’t being misunderstood or rebuked by others. 
The saddest thing was having his mother—supposedly the closest person to him in the world—do this to him. That was the most hurtful. i. 
At this thought, Shi Nianyao quickly changed her shoes and rushed to Mo Xicheng’s office. She had to be by him during this time.
###Chapter 1546: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (19) 
When Mo Hai saw the news, he was in his car and on the way to another city for a meeting. 
Although he was surprised at how Yao Lili had self-awareness, he wanted to share the news with Li Shu immediately. 
Thus, Mo Hai just told his driver, “Turn back, go home!” 
With such a scandal, Mo Xicheng would definitely lose his place in the company. 
Furthermore, Mo Xicheng might not even be able to continue filming in the entertainment industry. His whole life was literally done for and wasted. 
He could only keep 30 percent of the Mo family’s shares and live like that for the rest of his life. 
Mo Zhi would no longer have pressure from Mo Xicheng. 
As he thought so, Mo Hai narrowed his eyes. 
The car returned back to the house and Mo Hai jumped down from the car. He walked to the room, filled with excitement. 
When he entered the living room, he asked the housekeeper, “Where is Madam?” 
“Watering plants in the backyard.” 
Mo Hai nodded and directly went over. 
He could see Li Shu cutting her flowers in the distance. 
He quickly rushed over and said, “Li Shu, let me tell you a piece of good news!” 
Li Shu lifted her head up plainly and took a glance at him before lowering her head again. “Just speak.” 
Mo Xicheng instantly spoke, “So Yao Lili has admitted that she was a third party in front of a group of reporters today and said that Mo Xicheng is her son. Mo Xicheng’s identity as an illegitimate son had been exposed! Now everyone is criticizing Mo Xicheng! In this case, we don’t have to worry about apologizing to the Shi family. Mo Xicheng will definitely not be able to stay in the company after this scandal. It’s good, we can also get rid of the marriage between Shi Nianyao and him, Mo Xicheng won’t be able to marry Shi Nianyao. Then we won’t have interference from the Shi family and they won’t be any threat to us. Li Shu, am I right?” 
After hearing his words, Li Shu was instantly stunned. 
She stared at Mo Hai and her lips trembled. After a moment she asked, “What did you say?” 
“I’ve said that Mo Xicheng’s done for! He’s ruined! This Yao Lili has never done many good things in her life but this time, she’s finally done something good.” 
Before he could finish speaking, he heard a loud clang. Mo Hai turned his head and saw that Li Shu had dropped the watering can on the ground and the water had splashed all over it. 
Mo Hai was stunned. “Li Shu, are you alright?” 
Was she alright
Her son had been condemned by everyone, why would she still be in the mood to water her plants here?! 
As she thought so, Li Shu pushed Mo Hai away and left quickly. She wanted to go to the company and tell Mo Xicheng that she was his real mother. 
What they were saying on the internet wasn’t right. 
When Li Shu arrived at the front yard, she asked the butler to prepare a car. 
Mo Hai chased and grabbed Li Shu. “Li Shu, where are you going?” 
“The company.” 
“The company?” Mo Xicheng was stunned for a moment. “Are you going to look for Mo Zhi? You can just call to tell him about the news. I told Mo Zhi not to worry some time ago. Look, hasn’t Mo Xicheng killed himself this time?” 
His words made Li Shu turn suddenly and stare at him fiercely. It scared Mo Hai so much that he didn’t dare to speak at all. He just looked at Li Shu and then swallowed after a while. “Li Shu, you- do you have something to say to me?” 
Li Shu bit her lips and said, “Don’t you think that Yao Lili’s too nice to Mo Zhi?!”. m
###Chapter 1547: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (20) 
Her words stunned Mo Hai instantly. 
He stared at Li Shu and suddenly thought of the incident between Yao Lili and Mo Zhi that night. He couldn’t help but cough, trying to cover the matter up. “How is she nice to him? She has just discovered her conscience. This is good as well, at least Mo Zhi will no longer be pressured since he will still inherit the company in the end.” 
“I will hold a big meeting in the company to remove Mo Xicheng of all his duties now and, if possible, I will also ask for the thirty percent of shares from his hands to be returned. Li Shu, what do you think of me doing this?” 
Li Shu stared at Mo Hai and suddenly sneered after a while. “Is the reason you’re so nice to Mo Zhi and so ruthless towards Mo Xicheng because Mo Xicheng is the illegitimate son?” 
Mo Hai nodded. “Yes, in my heart, only Mo Zhi is my son. Mo Xicheng is just like a stranger, an outsider.” 
Li Shu clenched her fist. She was so angry that she was nearly shaking. She stared at Mo Hai and said, “You’re so ruthless to Mo Xicheng just because he’s the illegitimate son?” 
Mo Hai didn’t understand why she was asking that, so he just continued nodding and replied, “Yes.” 
Li Shu suddenly lowered her head and laughed bitterly. “Mo Hai, please remember everything you’ve said today.” n?. 
Mo Hai was stunned and suddenly realized something. 
Li Shu had to be worried that Mo Xicheng would steal Mo Zhi’s position and wanted him to reassure her. 
Thus, Mo Hai spoke again, “Li Shu, don’t worry. I swear that I will definitely not leave the company in the hands of an illegitimate son. He doesn’t deserve to have all of that.” 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes and nodded. 
When the car arrived, Li Shu walked to it. 
Mo Hai had intended to follow her and so he did. But after Li Shu got into the car and he closed the door for her, the car suddenly drove away before he could get to the other side of the car. 
Mo Hai was stunned on the spot. 
– 
The celebrity news channel kept playing on the television. 
It was talking about which celebrity had been photographed with another hottie again. 
But Mo Xicheng didn’t absorb any of it. 
His gaze was fixed on the television, but it also looked as if he was staring at somewhere in the distance, through the television. 
He didn’t know how the matter had reached this point. 
His mother, the person closest to him, had slandered him on the news and left him in dirty waters. 
He lowered his gaze and looked at his hands. 
Then he laughed bitterly. 
He took a deep breath and stood up. He saw that there were a bunch of workers at the door. When they saw him look over, they immediately dispersed. 
Some people were still discussing softly, 
“Why are you all running?” 
“Didn’t you see how bad CEO Mo looked?” 
“He looks bad? As an illegitimate son, he’s not that noble. Also, the matter has completely blown up. Let me tell you, CEO Mo won’t be in the company for long.” 
“The mother of CEO Mo, who posted the video online, looks really young. But the things she said have literally left CEO Mo with any way to retreat. What now? CEO Mo can only quit his job in the company, but his career in the entertainment industry has also been destroyed.” 
“Aish, what a pity. I’d be so mad if I had such a mother.” 
“Comparing CEO Mo and Mo Zhi, the only difference between them is their mothers. It’s seriously- even if I feel pain and pity for CEO Mo.” 
“So what if you feel pain and pity for him? This world just works like this, he’s just unlucky to be the illegitimate son.”
###Chapter 1548: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (21) 
An illegitimate son. 
It was right. Unfortunately, he happened to be one. 
So did it mean illegitimate children had no rights and deserved to be treated like dirt by others
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and lowered his head. He clenched his fists tightly. 
At this point, the cell phone rang. 
He picked up the call. It was his manager. The man said, “Brother Mo, what do we do now? This matter has blown up and it’s starting a lot of discussion among the general public. Argh! Even Director Wang has called to ask what this was about.” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. 
Before he could say anything, another call came in. He looked at his screen and saw it was Director Wang. 
He said to his manager, “It’s a call from Director Wang, hang on.” 
He switched to the other line. 
Director Wang’s voice spoke, “Mo Xicheng, what is going on?” 
Mo Xicheng paused for a brief moment and said, “I’m indeed the illegitimate son of the Mo Family. Director Wang, I’m sorry. I will get my manager to cancel the contract for Ambition 2. And I will make the necessary compensation—” 
Before he could finish, Director Wang laughed icily and said, “What are you talking about? When did I say I wanted to break our contract?” 
Mo Xicheng was taken aback. “But you—” 
“I’m calling to inform you that you will join the filming crew in a month, so get the dirty business in your company sorted.” 
He didn’t sound amiable but oddly, it made Mo Xicheng feel warm. 
He could help asking, “Director Wang, don’t you mind?” 
“Mind what exactly? I’m making a film and I care only about acting skills and the character. You’re the best choice for the film. Why should I be influenced by the outside world and lose a key actor?” 
Mo Xicheng found himself laughing when he heard this. 
Director Wang grunted and continued, “If you’re unhappy being a dog-fart CEO, then come back to the entertainment industry. We can do as we did, make films happily, and live like a proper human being.” 
Mo Xicheng was touched by these words and he said, “Alright. I understand.” 
Before they hung up, Director Wang suddenly said, “Oh, right. I’ve nominated you for Best Actor Award in this year’s film festival. But I don’t know what the outcome might be.” 
“Ok, thank you.” 
After he hung up, Mo Xicheng sighed in relief. 
At this point, the phone rang once more. It was the manager again. 
Mo Xicheng picked up the call to hear the man ask, “Brother Mo, what now?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and smiled icily after a moment. A sharp expression flashed across his eyes as he said unhurriedly, “No hurry. What we need to do is take all changes while maintaining our course. I have known all along that she would do this at some point.” 
Right from the time Yao Lili had unintentionally threatened him and said that she was going to tell the media, he had known that she would do it one day.. 
However, it was practically a joke that a mother would go to this extent to ensure the downfall of her own son. 
The manager was reassured by his steadiness and stopped panicking. He nodded and said, “Alright. I think more news reports will follow. I do feel that you will need a few good people from the entertainment industry to stand behind you and put in a few words. If only Director Wang would post something on Weibo, it would solve at least half of the problem. And Best Actor Shen…” 
Mo Xicheng smiled bitterly when he heard his manager’s suggestion.
###Chapter 1549: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (22) 
Indeed, as an illegitimate son, that was about the only thing he could do now. 
But how was he going to even begin to ask for everyone’s help
Pausing for a moment, he said, “Let’s not trouble them.” 
Before he could finish, the manager exclaimed in surprise, “Brother Mo, look, look! Hurry up and take a look at Weibo!” 
Mo Xicheng halted and activated his cell phone’s hands-free function as he accessed Weibo. 
The moment he did so, he saw messages tagging him. 
He clicked on them only to find that Shen Liangchuan, who hardly ever posted things, had actually left him a message: 
[Shen Liangchuan: The law states that everyone is equal. Who says illegitimate children cannot be actors? I admire Mo Xicheng and I would even dare say that he is one of my best friends in the entertainment circle. Please treat your idols within reason. After all, we can’t choose our birth circumstances.] 
That was a long message and it was obvious he hadn’t written it by himself. 
Nevertheless, this gesture touched his heart. 
– 
Somewhere else. Far away in Hainan. 
It was an exceptionally beautiful day with blue skies and white clouds. 
Qiao Lian was in the hotel as she posted this message on Weibo and returned the cell phone to Shen Liangchuan afterwards. She said, “The internet has developed very rapidly and makes the pressure of public opinion even greater. Your message was too serious, it wasn’t appropriate. Look at the message I wrote for you. It’s gentler and more persuasive, isn’t it?” 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
Shen Liangchuan looked at what Qiao Lian had written. He still felt that his message “only retards follow blindly others” was a better way to vent his anger. 
But it seemed like Qiao Lian’s message was better at maintaining harmony. 
Seeing that the comments he was getting were all supportive, Shen Liangchuan sighed in relief. 
But this Weibo post also sparked much discussion. . o
Mistresses and illegitimate children became a trending topic. 
– 
The moment Shen Liangchuan’s message was posted, it was quickly reposted by the entertainment industry’s insiders. 
Even Director Wang posted: 
[Director Wang: A good actor is not based on his status at birth, but his professionalism and skills. Welcome on board to Ambition 2 @Mo Xicheng] 
At a sensitive time like this, having a Best Actor like Shen Liangchuan speak up for him and then followed by a heavyweight director like Director Wang do the same helped a lot to bring public opinion and verbal abuse under control. At least, it halved the berating that Mo Xicheng was being subject to. 
But even then, the situation was grave. 
His manager was speaking to Mo Xicheng in hands-free mode, so Mo Xicheng now could hear that his other phone was ringing in the background. Immediately, he heard his manager hollering angrily, “What? What has this got to do with Mo Xicheng’s identity? Why can’t he be the spokesperson for a perfume? You definitely weren’t this arrogant when you first came looking for us, asking us to do it!” 
“Sure, we can call it off if you say so, but you have to pay the penalty for the breach of contract.” 
“… What?! No compensation? And why not? Mo Xicheng’s loss of reputation? Huh, when you signed this, he had exactly the same status as he does now, have you ever heard any scandals? So don’t overstep your limits.” 
“Alright, go and file a lawsuit then. See if we’ll compensate you for it!” 
Bam. The manager hung up and swore, “So arrogant. Brother Mo gets into a bit of trouble and they start running away. Who wants to shoot for these people anyway?”
###Chapter 1550: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (23) 
When he said this, the manager suddenly realized that his other cell phone was still on. At once, he fell silent. After he got over his initial shock, he spoke, “Bro- Brother Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and said after a pause, “If you get more calls like that, just agree straightaway. Arguing with them only makes you lose your position.” 
The manager choked at once and said, “But they are just being too mean. I—” 
“If they are willing to bring things to an end amiably, just let it go. But if they get difficult and insist that we compensate, then hire a lawyer and we will fight our case.” 
When time came to dig his heels in, Mo Xicheng certainly wasn’t the type to take a soft approach. 
The manager nodded and said, “Sure, whatever you say!” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and said, “Don’t panic. Everything will pass.” 
The manager paused and then nodded. “True. Everything will pass. Brother Mo, don’t be too stressed.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
The manager hesitated and said, “Why don’t you go home for now? After all, it’s not safe there in the office. I’ll get a few men to go over and ensure your safety.” 
The other man contemplated it for a moment and said, “Very well, send a few bodyguards over. In times like this, it’s better for me to be home.” 
The manager nodded and assured him, “I’ll send someone over right away.” 
After he hung up, Mo Xicheng stayed in the office and contemplated the situation for a while. Then he got onto his feet and was about to walk out of the room when he suddenly heard a familiar voice. He lifted his gaze in that direction and saw Li Shu standing at the doorway of his office. She hesitatingly called out, “Mo Xicheng.” 
Mo Xicheng was taken aback and looked at her with surprise before he lowered his gaze and nodded at her. Then he continued walking away. 
Li Shu saw his gloomy expression and narrowed her eyes. 
She stared at him and sighed deeply. Then she said, “Don’t worry, all that talk will be gone. I will make sure that you can live with your head held high!” 
Her tone was firm and confident. When Mo Xicheng heard this, he looked up, puzzled. 
When he looked at Li Shu standing before him, he couldn’t help but notice that unusual expression on her face. He tried hard to decipher it. 
He sensed an anger in this woman that was not unlike his own, and in her, he saw his own tragedy and heroism. 
But why
He narrowed his eyes. For an odd reason, he suddenly remembered how Gao Feng had been helping him at work and the long-standing good relationship he had with Li Shu. 
Could it be that Li Shu had asked Gao Feng to look after him
But even this reason was strange. But now, he would rather believe this than to believe that Li Shu would team up with Gao Feng to punish him. 
The muscles around his eyes tense up as he paused for a while. He asked, “Why are you helping me?” ?a. 
Li Shu bit her lip as her eyes reddened. 
She did not take her eyes off him. She knew this was the time to tell the truth. 
She must not wait any longer. She had to tell him herself, tell Mo Xicheng the truth. 
She had to free her son from living in this darkness, so that he could come out into the light and live with his head held up high.
###Chapter 1551: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (24) 
At this thought, she looked up at Mo Xicheng. “Because, I’m your—” 
“Mom!” 
Suddenly, they were interrupted by a man’s voice. 
Li Shu did not finish what she was about to say. 
She narrowed her eyes and gave Mo Xicheng a meaningful glance before she turned around. Mo Zhi strode over to them and said, “Mom, Dad said you were here. Why did you come here? My office is on the other side, have you come the wrong way?!” 
Li Shu stared at this familiar son, who was like a stranger at the same time. 
Since her youth, she had traveled extensively because she had detested Mo Hai for what he and Yao Lili had done. Even though she had wanted to be close to her own son every time she came home, she had always felt an odd distance between them. 
Whereas when she saw Mo Xicheng, she would be drawn to him and be compelled to care for him and help him. 
At that time, she had felt disgusted by herself. 
Because she had felt that she was probably about the only woman who would be willing to bring up the illegitimate child of her husband and his mistress. 
But when the two boys stood side by side, she suddenly realized that her eyes would helplessly fall on Mo Xicheng. Because it was this boy who carried the unique aura of the Li family. 
This was how mysteriously amazing kinship and blood ties were. Even though Mo Xicheng had become the son of the person she hated most, she was unable to ignore the closeness she felt with Mo Xicheng. 
She bit her lip and was about to say something when Mo Zhi spoke again, “Mom, come with me. Because of what happened, our company’s public relations department has started to manage the situation. We’ve also organized a large staff meeting. We’re going to discuss in detail how to resolve this problem that Mo Xicheng has created. Mom, come with me. We need to discuss this.” 
How to resolve this
Li Shu clenched her fists tightly. 
Yao Lili and Mo Zhi both knew the truth, yet they kept doing those things so boldly
Immediately, Li Shu changed her mind. 
She decided she couldn’t show her cards now because she wanted to see what Mo Zhi had up his sleeves. She would have to reveal Mo Xicheng’s real identity at an appropriate time. 
So that Mo Xicheng would have everything that was due him and not just an empty shell. 
At this thought, she lowered her gaze and looked at Mo Xicheng. “I’ll go with him now. You… must join us for the meeting later.” 
As she walked away towards Mo Zhi’s office, she turned back to look at him a few times. 
Mo Xicheng was baffled as he looked at the mother and son’s figures disappear. 
A moment ago, Li Shu had obviously been saying she was his… something
Why had Li Shu had such a strange expression on her face
Mo Xicheng frowned. 
Right about the same time, he heard a private conversation: 
“Poor CEO Mo, his mother did him in just like that.” 
“Exactly, how can such a mother exist? Why do I feel like she’s more of an enemy?” 
“Indeed. For the people who don’t know any better, they’d think she is Senior CEO Mo’s mother instead. Look, she’s sacrificed her own son for Senior CEO Mo.” 
“Sigh, I just don’t understand it. How can such an unreliable mother exist? She carried him for nine months and gave birth to him, why doesn’t she love him? What’s the point of doing something like that?”
###Chapter 1552: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (25) 
“That’s right.” 
“The poor guy.” 
“…” n?.＆nbsp;
Mo Xicheng overheard different conversations and he was stunned. 
Indeed, why had Yao Lili treated him exceptionally poorly all his life? And why was Li Shu acting so strange towards him now
Oddly, a few scenes flashed through his mind. 
Because they were unpleasant memories, he had chosen to push them to the back of his mind. But right now, the scenes played out before his eyes clearly. 
Once after school, when he was five, he had seen Yao Lili on the way home. 
His eyes lit up, as he thought that Yao Lili had come to walk him home. 
Hence he moved forward but, the moment he was about to dash to his mother, he suddenly noticed that she was holding Mo Zhi’s hand. 
Mo Zhi was struggling to break away as Yao Lili held out a small piece of cake, asking him, “Mo Zhi, don’t you like this sort of ice cream cake? I bought some for you. Do you like it? If you like it, then speak with me for a bit?” 
At that time, Mo Xicheng’s eyes were fixed on the piece of cake. 
Ice cream cake was almost Mo Zhi’s all-time favorite and Mo Xicheng had been fortunate enough to have tried some once. It tasted awesome, so at that point he was staring at the delicious dessert, salivating and wishing he could have some. 
So he kept moving forward and saw Mo Zhi taking the piece of cake from her. Then he looked at Yao Lili arrogantly and asked, “Say it, what do you want from me?” 
Yao Lili looked at him and said, “Say- say a few words after me. Would you do that?” 
“Sure.” 
“Good boy! Come, say after me, Mama.” 
Mo Zhi repeated after her, “Mama.” 
Mo Xicheng froze and stood rooted to the ground. 
He looked at the two of them with a confused expression. 
He didn’t understand why Yao Lili would ask Mo Zhi to call her mom when she was obviously his own mother. 
In his confusion, he saw Yao Lili’s eyes redden. Then she hugged Mo Zhi and said, “Aaah.” 
Mo Zhi, however, stepped back in disdain and shoved her. She fell on the ground. Immediately, he stood over her and shouted, “Tr*mp! Mistress! You’re bad!” 
Seeing that Yao Lili had fallen, Mo Xicheng got worked up and rushed up to place his arms around Yao Lili. He stared at Mo Zhi and shouted back, “Don’t hit my mom! Don’t yell at my mom!” 
Mo Zhi was already unkind as a child. He replied, “So what if I hit her and yell at her. You and your mom are my father’s unwanted dogs! I can hit you as much as I want.” 
After saying these words, he turned to look at the ice cream cake and threw it on the ground. Trampling on the cake, he continued to shout, “I eat this cake everyday and I’m sick of it! Who wants your cake?!” 
Yao Lili got anxious at once when she heard this. She quickly asked, “What do you like to eat then?” 
Mo Zhi replied, “I like chocolate.” 
Yao Lili nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll get some for you next time.” 
“Humph, I want imported ones. I want that brand of chocolate.” 
“No problem.” 
Mo Zhi walked away. 
Mo Xicheng stood there staring blankly at the two of them. He did not understand what was going on. 
After that episode, he realized that Yao Lili’s personal savings were running out quickly and every day, Mo Zhi would go to school with a box of chocolate in his school bag. He wouldn’t eat the chocolate, but would bring them to school as presents for other people.
###Chapter 1553: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (26) 
At the time, Mo Xicheng had been a child and he hadn’t understood why. 
He only remembered the incident and, eventually, he automatically sealed it in his memory. 
He also remembered a few times he had seen Yao Lili staring at Mo Zhi in a daze. Whenever Mo Zhi called Li Shu “mom”, she would unconsciously reply, “Aah…” 
Every time he saw this happening, he would call out to her, “Mom.” She would push him aside disdainfully and rebuke him, “Bastard, don’t call me mom!” 
… 
These scenes from the past flashed through his mind one at a time. 
He narrowed his eyes now as he stood there. 
He thought again of Li Shu’s unfathomable expression as she had looked at him earlier on. He thought of how she had gotetn Gao Feng to help him, and all the recent happenings. 
Something suddenly clicked in his mind. 
But he suppressed that thought forcefully. 
It wasn’t possible. 
How could that be possible
It was too dramatic. 
There was no possibility of that. 
He lowered his gaze and tried to push the thought out of his mind. But it wouldn’t go away. It started to move further along that direction. 
As he stood there in a daze, he heard Shi Nianyao’s voice. “Mo Xicheng!” 
Looking up, he saw her rushing towards him. The moment she reached his side, she took his hand. Still panting from trying to get to him as fast as she could, she said, “Mo Xicheng, those idiots on the internet are too much! Don’t read the comments anymore. Come with me. Let’s go home and rest.” 
Shi Nianyao looked at him with an anxious expression, as though afraid that he was badly affected by the news. But she realized that, apart from looking a little tired, he didn’t seem to be reacting much. She was relieved to see that. 
And when Mo Xicheng saw her, he suddenly felt his spirits lift. 
He took her hand and led her into his office. He asked after shutting the door behind them, “Why are you here?” 
Shi Nianyao studied him carefully. Seeing that he seemed to be alright, she replied, “I was worried about you.” 
“I’m ok.” Mo Xicheng walked over to the side and poured her a glass of water. Holding the glass out to her, he said, “Here, drink some. Your lips are dry.” 
Shi Nianyao took the glass from him and glanced at him again, “You’re really fine?” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and replied, “Really fine. Do you think I can be defeated by such a small matter?” 
She immediately bit her lip and added, “But when I saw the news, I was totally stunned. Your mom… she’s too much!” 
Lowering his gaze, he nodded. 
She was compelled to ask, “Didn’t you guys sort things out? Why did this suddenly happen? It was completely unexpected and took me by surprise. What do we do now?” 
He reassured her, “Don’t be afraid. This matter can be solved. There are always ups and downs in the entertainment circle and we have the ability to deal with public relations. The most logical way of dealing with this is to let it die down a little. Let the fact sink in and give people an opportunity to accept my status. And I will also hold a press conference to make a public confession and recognize it.” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes reddened when she heard this. 
It was easy enough for someone to say that he would face it himself squarely, but how many people could actually do that
He knew that the consequences of him facing it would be that, from that moment, this would be a dark period in his life.
###Chapter 1554: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (27) 
Shi Nianyao’s heart ached for him when she thought about these things. 
She gulped and looked at the man immediately. “Uh huh. Don’t be afraid, I’ll be by your side.” 
Mo Xicheng looked at her again and said, “But it will cause you suffering.” 
Shi Nianyao was taken aback. “What? What sort of suffering could I possibly face?” 
Mo Xicheng hung his head and said, “If people know that you’ve married an illegitimate son, won’t you become a laughing stock?” 
Shi Nianyao fumed when she heard this. “Why would they say that?! I was the one who pursued you! Besides, who dares laugh at me? I’ll get my brother and father to make stew with their tongues.” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head at seeing that haughty and arrogant look and started chuckling. 
She realized that he was only teasing her. 
She laughed at once. At the same time, Mo Xicheng’s desk phone rang. 
He picked up the call and heard the receptionist say, “CEO Mo, Director Wang is here. He says there are some gaps in the contract and wishes to confirm them with you. I’ve arranged for you to use the meeting room on the first floor. Will you come downstairs?” 
Director Wang was here
Gaps in the contract
Could it be that they had not received their funds and thus had decided to come
Without hesitating, he said, “Alright, I’ll come right away.” 
After he hung up, he looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Wait for me here, I’m going downstairs for a meeting and will be back in a bit.” 
Surprised, she asked, “What sort of meeting?” 
At this point, shouldn’t he avoid doing anything that would arouse suspicion
Mo Xicheng explained, “There’s probably some issues with the investment contract. I’ll go and take a look.” 
She nodded. 
Mo Xicheng glanced at her. He reached out for her hand, gave it a quick squeeze and walked out. 
Upon doing so, he narrowed his eyes at once, his relaxed expression vanishing at once. 
If those were Director Wang’s representatives looking for him, they would have called first to make an appointment for sure. 
Besides, if it were strictly business, they wouldn’t be meeting in the room on the first floor. 
Hence, the person who had turned up was definitely not Director Wang. 
Who could it be
He frowned. Walking over to the elevator, he made his way down slowly. 
Upon reaching the first floor, he went directly to the meeting room. 
The receptionist led the way, saying, “CEO Mo, the person is in Room 101 waiting for you.” 
He nodded. 
When they arrived at Room 101, the receptionist opened the door. 
Mo Xicheng turned back to glance behind him and then entered the room. 
It turned out that the person who had pretended to be Director Wang’s representative was none other than Yao Lili. 
She sat behind the table, staring at the man. 
After he entered the room, she pointed at the door and said, “Shut the door.” 
He looked at Yao Lili. His eyes rested on her for a moment before he turned around to shut the door. Then he walked to the seat opposite her. 
She sat there haughtily and raised her eyes towards him. “Mo Xicheng, if you leave the company at once and sign this agreement, I will personally take care of the reporters out there. What do you say? And from then, you can go your own way as Best Actor Mo and I will still continue to be the mistress. We’ll have nothing to do with each other.” 
Mo Xicheng looked at the document. He realized it was an agreement for the transfer of shares. 
The document stated that he would transfer the 30 percent of the company shares he owned to Mo Zhi.
###Chapter 1555: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (28) 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and stared at that document. Complicated thoughts flashed through his brain. 
However, those were just guesses after all. He didn’t have any evidence at all, so he wasn’t able to say it out loud. 
Seeing his silence, Yao Lili sighed. “Mo Xicheng, don’t blame me. You know that I love your father so much that I’m willing to be his mistress my whole life. Your father is really unhappy with me now that you’re targeting Mo Zhi so much. You know where they put me after I’m returned to the house?” 
Yao Lili’s eyes reddened as she continued, “They made me stay in the servant’s room and made me do housework everyday. That isn’t even treating me like a woman at all, they are treating me as a servant. And your father even hit me a few times and attacked me. I don’t want to live a life like that, I want your father to treat me better. But your father found out that you’re targeting Mo Zhi in the company and he took it out on me. I’m also to my wit’s end. Aren’t you the most filial one? Just sign this paper and leave the company. I will not bother about anything between you and Shi Nianyao in the future, ok? If you want to marry her, you can go ahead, and you can continue filming your television dramas. I can also continue staying with the Mo family to protect and stay with your father. Isn’t that pretty good too? I will also be nice to Shi Nianyao in the future, ok?” 
Was that ok
Before, he had had absolutely no intentions to work for the Mo family enterprise and he had just wanted to be together with Shi Nianyao. However, those people had immediately opposed his wishes. Yet now they were asking him if it was alright
If it had happened a month ago and Mo Zhi hadn’t done that to Shi Nianyao, he would have still insisted that he wanted nothing to do with the Mo family. 
But now… 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head. 
After a while, he then said, “No.” 
Yao Lili was shocked as she lifted her head up and stared at him in shock. 
The next moment, the weak and sobbing expression instantly disappeared from her face. She became vicious and strong. “What? No?! How dare you, an illegitimate son, be fighting with the rightful son of the Mo family over their assets?! Ah? I have already announced your real identity to the public, what do you think they are talking about in the penthouse right now? They are discussing whether to remove you from your position in the company! After all, they can’t let the mistress’ son be the leader of the company. Mo Xicheng, take advantage now that I am discussing this with you peacefully and politely. Wait no, I’m no longer discussing it with you, I’m just giving you a last chance because of the mother-son relationship we have had for the past years! If you agree to this, it will be good for everyone. Don’t bring me to a dead end. When that happens, the person who will be stuck at the dead end will be you!” 
Her sudden change in emotions and the sudden anger made Mo Xicheng look at her quietly. 
It was only after Yao Lili finished scolding him that she realized that her attitude was terrible. She took a deep breath and then spoke again, “I believe that you understand what I mean. You can think about this carefully. If everyone turns against each other in the end, it wouldn’t end up well or look good for anyone, wouldn’t it?” 
Mo Xicheng suddenly lifted his head and looked at Yao Lili. “Can I ask you a question?” 
Yao Lili was shocked. “Speak.” i. c?
Mo Xicheng looked at her as he asked the question he had kept in his heart for a really long time. He slowly said, word by word, “I want to ask you if you’re doing this for my dad, or Mo Zhi.”
###Chapter 1556: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (29) 
This question was something Yao Lili had absolutely not expected and it stunned her momentarily. Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and added, “I’m just asking, there’s no special meaning.” She widened her eyes and got to her feet. Looking at him with a shocked expression and asked, “What do you mean?” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and replied, “I’m just asking, there’s no special meaning.” 
She gulped and went into a slight daze. 
Had the secret that she had kept hidden for so many years been discovered
No, that was not possible. 
Still shocked, she looked at Mo Xicheng and replied, “Of course it’s because of your father. Why would I treat Mo Zhi so well otherwise? In your father’s heart, he only has one son and that’s Mo Zhi. If we please Mo Zhi, we please your dad.” 
Mo Xicheng did not say anything in response. Obviously, he was not satisfied with this answer. 
However, he did feel that what he was thinking was too bizarre. 
Surely, it wasn’t what he was thinking. 
It shouldn’t be. 
He lowered his head and laughed at himself in mockery. He looked up at Yao Lili and said unhurriedly, “Mom, if it’s too hard staying at the Mo family home, just move out. I have 30 percent of the company shares. In the future, I will even inherit 30 percent of the Mo family estate. You won’t lack anything. How about that?” 
Immediately, Yao Lili berated him, “Do you think I care about money? I’ve been telling you since you were a child that money is the least of my concerns! I only want your dad. Otherwise, I would have just taken the huge sum of money they offered me to make me go away back then. Why didn’t I leave?! Don’t you understand my thinking?!” 
At the time, when she showed up at the Mo family home, Li Shu and Mo Hai had tried to give her a large sum of money so that she would leave. She had refused to go and also did not take any of the money. 
Given this, Mo Hai had believed that she did not harbor ill intentions. 
And Li Shu also dropped her guard, because Yao Lili hadn’t appeared to be the sort of woman who was after money and status. Hence, Li Shu hadn’t blamed her. 
But only Yao Lili knew that she had sneaked her son into the Mo family, so how could she possibly take the money and leave by herself? She could not just leave, she had to stay to watch over her own child. Besides, this had helped her make a good impression on Mo Hai and Li Shu. 
Looking back on what she had done, she was most satisfied. 
Her only regret was that at the time, Li Shu had seen her plight and had thought that she had no wild ambitions, that she was only a victim. 
Hence, the woman had suggested that Mo Xicheng went to school together with Mo Zhi. 
As a result, Mo Xicheng was now well-educated. Even at school, he had obviously fared better than Mo Zhi. 
At this thought, Yao Lili could not help but berate herself for having felt some guilt towards Mo Xicheng at that time and allowing him to receive such a good education. 
She lowered her gaze. As she berated herself, she looked up at Mo Xicheng and continued, “So what do you think of what I’ve just said?” 
Mo Xicheng got to his feet and repeated, “I’ve said it, it’s not a good idea.” 
Then he turned around and headed out of the room. 
After he had taken a few steps, Yao Lili called him, “Mo Xicheng!” 
Mo Xicheng turned around. 
Yao Lili’s eyes were fixed on him as she said, “Even if you don’t agree, the meeting that’s going on in the penthouse right now is in order to kick you out of the Mo family enterprise anyway. You’ll still end up with nothing.”
###Chapter 1557: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (30) 
The meeting that was going on in the penthouse right now—Yao Lili had repeated this phrase a few times. 
Listening to her, Mo Xicheng only wanted to laugh. 
How could she know what was going on in the meeting in the penthouse? She had to be in cahoots with Mo Zhi. So right up till now, this mother of his was still trying to secure her own happiness and future at his expense
Or had Mo Hai promised her something
At this thought, Mo Xicheng suddenly felt that life was extremely sorrowful. 
He lifted his gaze to look at Yao Lili and asked, “Have you never thought of me as your own son?” 
She paused for a moment and quickly said, “Of course. And if you’d only give up, I would treat you well, for sure.” 
Give up… and she would treat him well how? Would it be just like in the past, asking him for money every month and getting herself an extra-credit card under his own so that she could spend his money like there was no tomorrow
She had no idea that every cent he had made in the entertainment industry was hard-earned money. 
But he had never said that in front of her. 
Because he knew he couldn’t, he didn’t have the right or authority to. 
It was an unspoken understanding between them that if he wanted to leave the Mo family, then he would have to keep providing Yao Lili with the same sort of comfortable and luxurious life that she had enjoyed under the roof of the Mo family. 
But now he felt that this idea of his had been a big joke. 
And it was his passiveness that had allowed Yao Lili to become what she was like today, one step at a time. 
For a long time, there had been no more affection between them, only benefits. 
And even though time and again, he had said that he wanted to sever ties with Yao Lili, it was only now that he realized he had finally let go. 
From now on, whatever became of Yao Lili was none of his business. 
At this thought, his expression hardened with determination. He walked out decisively. 
After leaving the meeting room on the first floor, he stood outside and lifted his head to look at the penthouse meeting room. 
There had to be a heated debate going on inside now. They were probably discussing whether he should be asked to leave the company. 
He gave a frosty laugh and his expression turned determined. 
Taking in a deep breath, he walked to the elevator unhurriedly. Then he hit the button for the penthouse. 
When he reached the top floor, he first returned to his own office. 
The moment he entered, Shi Nianyao looked up anxiously and asked, “Mo Xicheng, is everything ok?” 
He smiled at her. “Everything’s fine.” 
She bit her lip and said, “I’ve just realized that there’s a meeting going on next door and they are talking about you. What now?” 
The corners of his lips turned upwards and he looked unusually relaxed. 
It was as though the burden that had been resting heavily on his shoulders had suddenly vanished. 
It seemed like he had let go of all his load. And although he looked steady and composed like his usual self, that gloominess that had always been in his eyes had now been replaced by confidence and steadfastness. 
This change was reflected in his tone as he said with certainty, “Uh huh. Since they are talking about me, why can’t I be present?” 
As soon as he said this, he picked up some documents and headed out of the office. 
Shi Nianyao was taken aback and asked immediately, “Mo Xicheng, where are you going?” 
He turned around and replied, “I’m off to do what has to be done.” 
She bit down on her lip and said, “You—” 
Suddenly, he smiled and said to her, “Don’t worry. This is just a one-time struggle for power. If I succeed, then this will secure my position in the company.”
###Chapter 1558: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (31) 
Shi Nianyao looked at him and asked, “And if it fails?” 
If it fails
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and said, “If it fails, I still have you don’t I?” 
At once, her eyes lit up as she said, “That’s right, if it fails, you can come with me. I have shares from my family business, we’d still be rich.” 
He laughed and nodded at her. 
On this note, he walked out of the office and headed towards the meeting room. As he approached the meeting room, the secretary sitting outside hurriedly got to her feet. She stammered, “C- CEO Mo.” ?n?. om
Mo Xicheng nodded at her and said, “I’m here for the meeting.” 
The junior staff was stunned. 
Just like that, Mo Xicheng pushed the door and walked in. 
In the meeting room, the people present were having a heated debate. Gao Feng was on his feet exchanging words with Mo Zhi, but halted at the sudden arrival of Mo Xicheng. 
The sudden silence brought about an extremely awkward atmosphere in the room. 
Everyone’s gaze fell simultaneously on Mo Xicheng. 
After a while, Mo Zhi narrowed his eyes with a vicious expression. 
Since childhood, this man had always stolen his thunder wherever and whenever he appeared. What right did he have to do that?! 
At this thought, Mo Zhi immediately said, “Why are you here? We’re having an important board meeting and we don’t welcome you. Please leave.” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and replied with little emotions. His steadiness was a sharp contrast to Mo Zhi’s exasperation, thus he said, “I’m still the company’s CEO, on the same level as you. Why can’t I be at the meeting?” 
“You—” 
“Where were you? Please continue.” 
Without waiting for Mo Zhi to finish speaking, Mo Xicheng said this in an authoritative tone as he walked to the side and pulled out a chair for himself. He placed the chair right at the front and sat down. 
Mo Zhi turned pale with anger and shouted, “Security, who let him in? Take him away!” 
Gao Feng responded, “CEO Mo, Junior CEO Mo is right. He is currently still CEO of the company, so no matter what, he is allowed to participate in the discussion. Why aren’t we allowing him to join us?” 
Mo Zhi replied, “Because he is the topic of our discussion, so he has to stay away!” 
Gao Feng smirked. “Well that makes you the brother of the party concerned. I guess you should stay away too!” 
Mo Zhi choked at these words. 
Gao Feng looked at Mo Xicheng and said, “CEO Mo, before you came in, we were discussing the effects of public opinion. Right now your status is being very heavily criticized. There are even doubts as to whether you have the right to inherit the business, hence the company is considering removing you from your position.” 
Mo Xicheng slightly squinted upon hearing his words. He looked up at everyone present in the meeting room and started, “The law allows illegitimate children to inherit the family property. I’m just wondering what the discussion is about exactly. To change our country’s law?” 
“Pffftt!” 
Almost everyone was amused by his comment. 
Mo Xicheng looked at Mo Zhi. 
The latter sneered, “Indeed, you do have the legal right to inherit the business. An illegitimate child like you, who shouldn’t even see the light of day—it’s good enough that you’ve been given shares, but to take up the CEO position in the company… I’m afraid you’re unsuitable. You are being very criticized now. If you continue to be CEO, what would become of our company? Hence, we’ve decided to remove you from your position.” 
After these words, he stood up and continued, “My good brother, I think you should go home. Just sit around and wait to pocket the company’s profits every month, that isn’t too bad, is it?”
###Chapter 1559: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (32) 
Mo Zhi’s words were full of sarcasm. 
His expression was taunting as he tried to make fun of the other man. 
Mo Xicheng looked back at him and replied, “Has everyone agreed so quickly? To make me go home?” 
Gao Feng quickly interjected, “Not yet, the meeting has only just started.” 
Mo Xicheng continued to look at Mo Zhi as he said, “Well then, I suggest CEO Mo shouldn’t be impatient.” 
Mo Zhi was silenced at once, as the people in the room exchanged looks and started laughing. 
At that moment, wasn’t that just how Mo Zhi behaved? Impatient and unable to restrain himself, making himself look like a complete fool. 
He sprang to his feet at once and retorted, “You- Who says I’m impatient? I’m just telling you the inevitable outcome.” 
Mo Xicheng started to laugh at these words and replied, “Since it hasn’t been decided, let’s get on with the discussion.” 
Raising a finger at the man, Mo Zhi said angrily, “Fine, jine. If you wish to listen in, then do so.” 
He turned to the others and continued, “Given current public opinion, if Mo Xicheng leads the company, our Mo family enterprise will become a laughing stock. This concerns the company’s reputation, hence, I suggest he has to be fired.” 
Gao Feng was about to speak against this proposal when suddenly Mo Xicheng said, “Well then, would it be better that the company has a bad reputation? Or that the company interest becomes compromised?” 
Taken aback by his words, Gao Feng probed, “What do you mean?!” 
Everyone turned to look at Mo Xicheng. 
The man smiled frostily as he looked at Mo Zhi. 
At once, Mo Zhi widened his eyes and said, “Mo Xicheng, you- you’d better not talk rubbish! I’m warning you, don’t you even think of smearing my name with no proof whatsoever!” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and replied, “I haven’t even said anything, why are you so anxious?” 
Mo Zhi gulped. 
Mo Xicheng looked at all the stakeholders sitting around the table and finally, his gaze fell on Li Shu, who had held her silence since the meeting had begun. 
He narrowed his eyes and, after some time, continued, “Obviously there are no issues with the company accounts. However, every time circulating capital is involved, there always seems to be a shortfall. Has no one ever analyzed the problem?
Upon hearing this remark, everyone was stunned 
Gao Feng especially found it hard to believe what he was hearing. “What- what do you mean?
The smirking Mo Xicheng replied, “What it means is that someone’s been using the company funds to invest in his personal stocks and shares. Now that money is being held up and he can’t return it. The company’s circulating capital has been used as a tool for personal benefits!” 
Gao Feng hollered angrily, “Who- who dares to do this?!” 
Mo Xicheng turned to look at Mo Zhi. 
Everyone followed his gaze and turned their eyes to Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi kept a rigid expression and said, “Mo Xicheng, don’t you even think of making false accusations. The discussion is about you, why are you shifting the attention to me?!” 
Mo Xicheng laughed and continued, “Everyone is discussing whether a man of disrepute like myself would make a better leader than you. So of course, everyone had to hear the truth.” 
Mo Zhi countered in fury, “I know you dislike me, but even then, you can’t be making false accusations like that. This is going overboard, Mo Xicheng. How dare you accuse me without evidence? I will hold you responsible for this!” 
“Who says I have no evidence?”
###Chapter 1560: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (33) 
Mo Xicheng’s words caused Mo Zhi to feel as if his heart was hanging on a string. 
His words also made everyone in the company widen their eyes in shock. 
Mo Zhi swallowed and said, “That’s not possible. It’s not possible that there is evidence!’ 
Why would there be evidence if he had done everything so meticulously and carefully
But little did he expect that after he said that, Mo Xicheng would take out a financial report and throw it on the table. “According to the financial reports, there are supposed to be tens of millions in the company’s cash flow. But at the moment there isn’t a single cent in the company’s account! We might not even be able to pay our workers their salary for the next month.” 
His words caused commotion among the high-ranking staff of the company. 
“How is that possible?” 
“Why did this even happen?” 
“This is fake right? This isn’t possible!” 
Mo Xicheng sneered. “I am working with Director Wang on such a huge project and we have signed a contact. But the reason why I haven’t transferred money to him yet is because there’s no money in our company’s account.” 
Gao Feng instantly frowned. “Why would there be no money? Didn’t a huge sum just come in a few days ago?” 
Mo Xicheng sneered. “The moment that huge sum entered the account, Mo Zhi transferred it away. Mo Zhi probably has already put the money into his shares!” 
Gao Feng stood up suddenly. “Why did this happen?” 
Mo Xicheng stared at everyone present and said, “This is the evidence of him purchasing the shares. These are the records of the transfer. According to him, he had taken the money to pay the wages of the workers from the project, but they didn’t receive any money on their end. Is all of this not enough proof?!” 
After he said that, a commotion burst in the meeting room. 
Li Shu suddenly stood up. She narrowed her eyes and stared at Mo Xicheng as she said, “Mo Xicheng, don’t slander Mo Zhi!” 
Mo Zhi returned to his senses and instantly nodded. “Yes, all of this is fake. You’re targeting me!” . 
Li Shu nodded and continued, “Yes, if you say this about Mo Zhi, we can then totally ask the police officers to come and check. There shouldn’t be any problems with the company’s finances. If the company really has no more funds, there must be someone who has stolen it. We must call the police and let them deal with the matter!” 
Mo Zhi was terrified after hearing that she wanted to call the police. 
Mo Zhi’s face instantly turned pale. 
If they allowed the police to take the case, wouldn’t they find out about everything
He had never been a meticulous person to begin with, so if Mo Xicheng had been able to find out, the police would also be able to. 
As he thought so, Mo Zhi immediately coughed, looked at Li Shu and admitted, “Mom, erm- if I’ve taken my own money to invest it and after one month, I return the money back, it isn’t stealing, right?” 
After Li Shu heard his words, she stared at Mo Zhi in disbelief. “You- you really took the funds of the company to invest in shares?” 
Mo Zhi touched his head and said, “Yes, this is my father’s company, so it is also my company. What’s wrong with me taking some money for investing? Besides that, the money would be back at the end of the month.” 
Li Shu instantly looked angry as she held onto her chest and fell onto her chair. 
Mo Xicheng looked at her. 
Even though Li Shu had been speaking for Mo Zhi when she had stepped up just now, somehow he had the illusion that Li Shu was actually helping him. 
But how was that possible
But if it wasn’t possible, how could a simple sentence from Li Shu scare Mo Zhi so much that he would tell the truth?!
###Chapter 1561: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (34) 
The situation in front of him was changing too rapidly and he was defenseless. 
Not long ago, they had been discussing whether Mo Xicheng could remain as a CEO, since his reputation had been damaged. Yet now, they were talking about Mo Zhi’s stealing from the company to invest in shares and earn money for himself. 
Comparing the two incidents, the latter was obviously worse. 
The former didn’t have a choice when it came to his status, as he had been born with it, but as for the latter, Mo Zhi, everyone knew that he had been doing atrocious acts in the company for the past few years. But if it wasn’t due to something unbearable, who would be willing to allow an illegitimate son to manage the company
Now that Mo Zhi had been behaving increasingly worse and had done such an unreasonable crime, he rendered everyone speechless for quite some time. 
Gao Feng just stood up and pointed at Mo Zhi while reprimanding him, “You’re wrong! It was never just yours. All those funds belong to the company and not you as an individual! If you take the funds to use them for personal gain, it is violating the economic regulations of the country. If the company sues you, you will be put in jail!” 
Mo Zhi was shocked by his words and his face turned pale. He gulped and spoke in disbelief, “This- this impossible.” 
Gao Feng took a deep breath and frowned. Then he turned to his assistant and asked, “Why hasn’t Chairman Mo arrived? How can the board meeting of the company be held without Chairman Mo?! Does he even know what had happened in the company today?!” 
The assistant spoke, “I have already called the chairman, he should be here soon.” 
Gao Feng nodded and his glance swept across everyone present. He spoke in his sunken voice, “The current situation of the company is that we no longer have any funds! The company might owe a huge sum for the breach of contract if we don’t manage to send money to Director Wang by next month. And our reputation would also suffer a lot if our employees do not receive their wages in time and cause trouble.” 
Then he pointed at Mo Xicheng again. “Everyone, look at him. Ever since he entered the company, you all know and have seen what he has done. And now, between him and Mo Zhi, who do you think is more suitable as the company’s CEO?!” 
After he said so, everyone kept silent. 
Honestly, everyone knew deep in their hearts that Mo Xicheng was more capable and Mo Zhi was just a blockhead. 
They had all been tired of Mo Zhi for some time and now that someone had stepped up, they were obviously willing to follow. 
Seeing the expressions on everyone’s faces, Mo Zhi was even more flustered. He glanced at his subordinate, who he had personally invited, and that person immediately stood up. “Ok, we should discuss first how to deal with the public opinion crisis! The media does not know about the problems with CEO Mo, Mo Zhi. Besides, the situation isn’t even as bad as Director Gao put it. At the end of the month, after selling the shares, won’t the company still have the money? CEO Mo is still young and his occasional mistakes were also to help the company earn money. The reason why he took the funds to buy shares must have been for the company and not for himself. Am I right, CEO Mo?” 
After Mo Zhi heard his words, he instantly nodded and said, “Yes, yes, I’m doing this for the company. I would definitely give the company all the benefits from the stocks!”
###Chapter 1562: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (35) 
After he said those words, the person speaking up for him laughed and continued, “Indeed, that’s clear. There have been too many investment projects recently, we lack some circulating capital. And that was the only reason why CEO Mo allocated a portion of the circulating capital to invest in stocks and shares, so that he could resolve the issue. Of course, this is a little risky, but he has good intentions. Let’s not attack him, since either way, the money will be back at the end of the month. Our company is not a holding company, it’s a family business and the shares are held by the Mo family. In other words, this company belongs to the Mo family. Every senior manager knows this very well.” 
“Anyway, the matter of CEO Mo transferring funds can end here. For the sake of the business’ reputation, we can keep it a secret and outsiders will never know. By the end of the month, we’ll close the gaps in the accounts and the company will be back on track. But the problem with Junior CEO Mo, on the other hand, is already news. Hence if the company is not able to give the media a proper explanation, things could escalate and hinder our business.” 
This logical argument once again turned the spearhead against Mo Xicheng. 
The man kept silent and did not speak. 
Mo Zhi sprang to his feet and said, “That’s right, senior gentlemen, you watched me grow up and you know that I’m not a bad person. I really did this for the company and we will not lose money on these shares for sure. So don’t worry, I will be able to return the money by the end of the month!” 
After saying this, he turned to his men and gave them a look. 
“That’s right, CEO Mo did this for the company. Although it probably isn’t the best way to do it, we shouldn’t be turning against him for this.” 
“After all, CEO Mo is still young!” 
“I mean, who doesn’t make mistakes in his youth? Old Gao, that thing you said about going to jail, it’s probably a comment too heavy. Things are not that serious.” 
“…” 
Everyone took turns commenting and they started to defend Mo Zhi. 
Gao Feng frowned and gave an icy laugh. He said, “I believe everyone here can assess for themselves whether this is serious or not. I only wish to say that CEO Mo Zhi went overboard. In the past, we chose to tolerate it when he messed up a project. But this time he stole the company’s circulating capital. When payday comes around on the 25th of the month and we have no money, how are we going to pay the salaries of our people?” 
Mo Zhi twitched his mouth and said, “We can tell everyone that salaries will be delayed for a few days. It’s not like we’re using the money to save lives. What’s the hurry?” 
Gao Feng was speechless when he heard Mo Zhi say this. “We have a few thousand workers and you think we can delay salaries so casually?! Do you have any idea how many people have to pay their home loans and car loans on the same day they receive their salary? What will they do?!” 
“Uncle Gao, it’s just a delay of a day or two. You’re making too big a deal out of this.” Mo Zhi spoke as though this was a matter not worthy of his attention. 
However, the attendees did not like his comment and their expressions changed. 
There was much to be said of Mo Zhi’s attitude when he thought that a company’s system could be changed whenever he fancied. 
Feeling the change of mood, Mo Zhi finally realized he had said something terribly wrong.
###Chapter 1563 . m
Chapter 1563: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (36) 
After a moment of hesitation, he immediately added, “I know that it was wrong of me to use the company’s circulating capital to purchase shares. Since this is the case, and everyone here is a stakeholder, how about I compensate them with a salary bonus? Wouldn’t that do? If we do this, they should be satisfied, even if there was a payment delay of a few days.” 
Everyone sighed in relief when they heard this. 
They exchanged looks. 
Although Mo Zhi had crossed line with what he had done, things had come to this point and they decided to tolerate it. 
In any case, when Mo Hai turned up, he would surely protect Mo Zhi. 
They only hoped that the man would not repeat the same mistake in the future. 
Seeing that the people had relaxed and stopped making a fuss over this matter, he sighed in relief. He shifted his gaze to Mo Xicheng and was about to speak when the latter said, “Which company’s stocks did you buy?” 
Mo Zhi paused and then sneered. “Is there a need to tell you what stocks I bought?” 
“Since you’re using the company’s funds, then everyone has the right to know, is that not reasonable?” 
Mo Zhi choked with rage. “You—” 
As though understanding Mo Xicheng’s intentions, Gao Feng went along and added, “That’s right, you’ve used the company’s circulating funds to purchase these shares, so aren’t you going to tell us? Or is there something you’re trying to hide
His words angered Mo Zhi and the young man retorted, “Uncle Gao, what’s wrong with you? You’ve been helping this illegitimate son. Aren’t you on good terms with my mom?!” 
Everyone turned to look at Gao Feng and Li Shu. 
The two of them were childhood friends. They had grown up together, gone to the same school and were close like siblings. Because of Mo Hai’s great love for Li Shu on top of this, Gao Feng was a very favored person in the company. 
In the recent past, Gao Feng had been disagreeing with Mo Zhi. It was especially obvious today at the meeting. Everyone had been curious about this and now that Mo Zhi had brought it up, they immediately turned to look at the two friends. 
Gao Feng glanced at Li Shu and she looked up with little expression. Her gaze swept through the room full of people before she looked down again. 
Gao Feng closed his eyes for a moment and then said, “I’m just speaking from an ive viewpoint! Mo Zhi, which company’s stocks did you buy exactly?” 
Mo Zhi bit his lip and said, “I- I bought Hengdali State’s shares.” 
Gao Feng nodded. 
Everyone knew that Hendali State’s share price had risen very rapidly in the past year. All of those who had sold Hengdali State’s shares had made a hefty profit. 
Hence, if that was what they had bought, and even if they didn’t make very much, they wouldn’t lose much either. 
However, just as this was going through his mind, he heard someone gasp sharply. 
Everyone turned to look at the person. “What’s the matter?” 
The person said, “Recently, Hengdali State’s share price has been sinking. A few days ago it rose to ten dollars a share and now it has fallen to eight dollars.” 
Everyone started to panic when they heard this. 
Gao Feng immediately looked at Mo Zhi and asked, “How- how much did you buy those shares for?” 
Mo Zhi had bought them at the peak but in that instant, how would he dare to tell the truth
He made a mental calculation of the average price and then said, “Eight dollars.” 
Gao Feng sighed in relief. 
But at this point, Mo Zhi’s cell phone rang.
###Chapter 1564: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (37) 
Mo Zhi frowned and glanced down. He was going to disconnect the phone but when he saw who was calling, he was stunned immediately. 
The person calling was none other than the one who had been helping him trade those shares. 
Mo Zhi had told him that he should not contact him unless it was urgent. 
So what did that call mean now
He frowned and immediately hung up. 
Shortly after, the cell phone rang again. 
When it rang twice, Gao Feng suggested, “CEO Mo, if there’s something urgent, I do suggest you pick up the phone.” 
Mo Zhi nodded at everyone and answered the call. 
The moment he picked up, he heard a voice on the other end of the line say, “CEO Mo, bad news! The share price has dropped from eight dollars to four dollars!” 
When Mo Zhi heard this, his mind went blank and his legs gave way. He almost collapsed into a pile on the floor. 
“What did you say? How could this be possible? Didn’t it rise by two dollars this morning?!” 
It had plunged to six dollars two days ago and had only risen recently. He had already been worried about whether he would be able to return the company funds. But now, how could it have suddenly fallen by this much?! 
He had taken hundreds of millions from the company, hence if the shares had fallen by four dollars, it would be a loss of half that amount. 
The numbers sent his mind reeling and his hand froze, his cell phone slipping away and falling on the ground. 
As the cell phone fell and touched the ground, the hands-free function was accidentally activated. Now, what the person on the line was saying could be heard throughout the meeting room. “CEO Mo, what do we do now? It has fallen four dollars, which is half of the purchasing price! Now even if we wanted to sell what we own, it would be too late because no one will want it. Such a drop is unusual! I heard from a friend, an insider, that their boss is gravely ill and would soon be sent into the intensive care ward. They thought he would not make it, so the shares have fallen. CEO Mo, their company thrived solely because of this legendary leader and he is the heart of their business. If he doesn’t make it through, their company will be done for!” 
These words were heard clearly by everyone in the meeting room. 
Gao Feng stood up again and stared at Mo Zhi in disbelief. 
Anxiously, he asked the young man, “How- how much of the company’s funds did you use for this?” 
Mo Zhi opened and shut his mouth, but no words came. 
Given that the shares had tumbled so drastically, he wouldn’t be able to sell them even if he wanted to. 
It seemed that the company’s circulating capital would be tied up to the stock market for the long term. 
Hence this time, they were in serious trouble. 
It was likely that when the end of the month came, there would be no money in sight. 
Without circulating capital, this company would be in imminent danger. 
Everyone in the meeting room could no longer contain their anger. 
Livid, Gao Feng started to rebuke the man, “The company is going to be destroyed by you! Mo Zhi, you- you are simply atrocious!” 
With all fingers pointing at him now, Mo Zhi felt so pressured he could hardly breathe. His face turned ashen as he looked at everyone in the room quietly. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes as he watched this.
###Chapter 1565: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (38) 
This was the effect he had been after. 
This was the moment he had been waiting for. 
He did not think that at such a time, the senior management would continue to shield Mo Zhi and insist on him being removed. 
At this thought, Mo Xicheng tensed up in preparation to stand up and counterattack. 
But right at this point, the meeting room’s doors burst open and Mo Hai immediately strode in accompanied by his bodyguards. 
He was the one who had started the company and had built it from a small business, with just a few hundred employees, to the empire it was today. 
Mo Hai was like the anchor of the company. 
Every time Mo Zhi got into trouble, Mo Hai would step in to manage the situation. And when everyone saw that Mo Hai had intervened, they would not pursue the matter with Mo Zhi. 
The moment everyone saw Mo Hai, they calmed down. This was the effect that Mo Hai had on them. in?α. C?
The man’s eyes swept across the room, falling on each person there, and eventually rested on Mo Xicheng. 
The expression on his face now was frosty and unfamiliar, and Mo Xicheng suddenly had a bad feeling about this. 
Indeed, the next moment the man said, “It’s just a problem with the circulating capital?! Whatever Mo Zhi owes the company, I’ll use my personal assets to cover the loss incurred.” 
Everyone present fell silent upon hearing this. No one had expected Mo Hai to say this. 
Gao Feng widened his eyes in astonishment and pointed out, “Mo Hai, we’re talking about a couple hundred million. How are you going to pay it?” 
Mo Hai cast his gaze down and looked at Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi was visibly poorly impacted and looked as though he had lost all will to live. 
Mo Hai took a deep breath when he looked at Mo Zhi and said, “We can sell the family home.” 
More than ten years ago, he had spent tens of millions to build his private residence and since then, the property prices in Beijing had soared to frightening heights. In recent years, the prices had changed in cycles. Selling the villa could indeed help cover the shortage of circulating capital in the company. 
Gao Feng had not expected that Mo Hai would actually take such a drastic measure. He tensed his jaw and looked at Li Shu. 
Mo Xicheng was also astonished by this huge gesture. 
The property he was talking about was the family home of the Mo family. 
This was an extensive villa, a huge estate that couldn’t just be bought. 
To think that Mo Hai was now putting this on the table. 
How much did he love this son exactly, to be willing to sacrifice so much
Mo Xicheng felt a dull ache in his heart. So it seemed that he had to be subject to unfairness and put up with it just because he was the child of a mistress. 
He clenched his fists tightly and looked at everyone. 
Gao Feng was already sighing as he looked at Mo Hai and said, “Old Mo, I hope you don’t mind a word of advice from me. You can sell the villa to cover him this time, but will you have another property to sell the next time?!” 
Mo Zhi finally reacted when he heard these words and said immediately, “Uncle Gao, what do you mean by that? I’ve made a mistake this time, but there won’t be a second time!” 
Gao Feng laughed icily and replied, “That’s right, it would be a different type of mistake the next time.” 
“You—” Mo Zhi raised his arm and pointed a finger at Gao Feng angrily. 
Gao Feng lowered his head and continued, “No matter what, in today’s meeting, I suggest removing Mo Zhi from the CEO position and to maintain Mo Xicheng.”
###Chapter 1566: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (39) 
Everyone in the meeting room was stunned. 
Weren’t they there to discuss Mo Xicheng’s dismissal
But now things were moving in the opposite direction
However, this suggestion sounded good to everyone. 
Gao Feng said loudly and clearly, “Compared to the tangible impact that Mo Zhi has created, all these intangible associations to reputation are really nothing. So what if our company suffers from a few negative remarks from the public? After a few years, the matter will inevitably die down. If we give Mo Xicheng a chance and let him take the company to greater heights, then in the future no one will doubt his capability or question his status.” 
After saying these words, Gao Feng looked at Mo Hai, his gaze deep and steady. 
Mo Hai did not understand why Gao Feng was behaving like this. He frowned. There was no time to analyze Gao Feng’s intentions now. He addressed everyone in the meeting room and said in a deep voice, “Every one of us makes mistakes and at the very least, I can personally make amends for what he has done. As for Mo Xicheng…” 
He paused and glanced at Mo Xicheng. 
The younger man narrowed his eyes and smiled scornfully. 
Mo Hai could not bear to confront that faint trace of sarcasm on his face and quickly turned back to look at the others. He continued, “All the reporters are now aware that Mo Xicheng is an illegitimate son. If Mo Zhi is around, but not as the company’s CEO, and instead we have Mo Xicheng in that position, what would that look like to outsiders?” 
After saying this, he added, “So my suggestion is to remove Mo Xicheng temporarily and let Mo Zhi be the CEO. We can put him under probation for six months.” 
The meeting room fell silent. 
So as not to embarrass Mo Hai, they couldn’t possibly say no to giving Mo Zhi a chance. 
However, thinking of all the ridiculous and laughable things that Mo Zhi had done, they wondered if giving him a chance for another six months would make any difference? And more importantly, could the company potentially be able to take another hit
Everyone sank into deep contemplation. 
Gao Feng stood there facing Mo Hai, both digging their heels in. 
Looking steadily at Gao Feng, Mo Hai finally said, “Old Gao, that’s enough. Please sit down.” 
Gao Feng laughed frostily and said, “After all these years, I’ve had enough! How many companies have approached me to poach me? But I never left, even if I wasn’t happy working here. For your and Li Shu’s sake, I stayed. Now I’ve had it! If you continue to accommodate Mo Zhi, things will blow up one day. No, that’s not right, things have already blown up!” 
Did the man know that the son that he was protecting was the actual illegitimate child
Mo Hai frowned and started, “You—” 
Gao Feng sneered, “I’m betting everything today. If you insist on making Mo Zhi the CEO, then I will submit my resignation.” 
Mo Hai knitted his brow tightly and said, “Old Gao, you- Then what do you say we should do?! Are we saying that only your word goes in the companye?. ｏ
“Of course mine shouldn’t be the only opinion. Since we don’t agree on this matter, why not let everyone vote? We’ll see who has a higher vote and the one who secures the highest vote stays! Mo Hai, we’re getting older and see things differently. Let’s ask the people here today, how about that?
###Chapter 1567: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (40) 
Upon hearing Gao Feng’s words, Mo Hai frowned and looked at the other man questioningly. 
He could not understand why he would target Mo Zhi. 
But suddenly, Mo Hai saw the light. 
Surely, Gao Feng was doing this because he wanted everyone to vote for Mo Zhi on their own accord. 
Mo Zhi was the company’s CEO, but after this matter, he would lose a lot of credibility. 
However if the people chose him themselves, then the outcome would be different. 
At least they would be able to say that they had chosen Mo Zhi over Mo Xicheng. Given this, Mo Zhi would have a strong reason for being in the company and holding the CEO position. 
This would help to avoid any embarrassments. 
At this thought, Mo Hai immediately nodded. 
However, Gao Feng was not aware of Mo Hai’s thoughts. 
But Li Shu saw Gao Feng’s intentions. 
It was no wonder Gao Feng had wanted her to maintain her composure and not expose the true identities of the two boys right at the start of the meeting. 
Because Mo Xicheng had just joined the company and had no background. Even if he were to take over the business, it would be hard to convince the others. However if the staff voted themselves, even if Mo Xicheng only had half the votes, it would at least prove that he was capable of winning. 
That being the case, it would be easier for him to manage the business and people would accept him more. 
At this thought, Li Shu’s eyes flashed. 
She raised her head to look at Mo Hai and nodded in agreement. “I agree with Gao Feng.” 
Since Li Shu had said this, Mo Hai immediately backed down and decided, “Alright then, it’s decided. Prepare the pen and paper! Since we’ve agreed that it will be an anonymous vote, then choose as you please!” 
After he said this, he glanced at Mo Zhi and said after a delayed pause, “I only have this son and have placed all my efforts and attention on him. It’s true that he has caused much trouble to all of you lately, but I won’t give up on him. So surely, I will vote for him!” 
Having said that, he took a slip of paper and, after writing a name on it, set it aside. 
With a wave of his hand, a secretary walked over and got the pieces of paper ready. 
There were more than ten senior management staff in the room. 
Mo Hai believed that since he had expressed his sentiments, all of them would go along with him. 
And Mo Zhi himself believed that these people would without doubt vote for himself. 
Hence almost without a need to count, Mo Zhi would get at least half the vote. 
Under these circumstances, if Mo Zhi lost out to Mo Xicheng, it would be the greatest embarrassment of his life. 
Everyone in the room understood this and started to exchange glances. They looked down at their voting slip. 
After a moment, they discreetly wrote down their chosen name and handed it over to the secretary for the vote counting. 
Five minutes later, the anonymous voting was completed. 
Mo Hai nodded and said, “Let’s have Secretary Gao lead the administrative staff next door for the counting.” 
After he had said this, Gao Feng gave another suggestion, “I suggest we do the counting here. It will be more convincing if we have everyone witness it.” 
Mo Hai thought for a moment and then said, “Alright, let’s go with your suggestion.”
###Chapter 1568: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (41) 
Gao Feng nodded to the secretary and pointed to the side. He instructed, “You may do your counting there.” 
They assigned three people to call out the names on the voting slips during the counting so that there was no cheating. 
Then they got someone else to draw a line for each vote received. This was how they had counted votes when choosing a class representative in school. 
No one ed to this arrangement. 
Because there were multiple people checking, there was no faking. Hence, the secretaries started to proclaim the results. 
Mo Zhi’s staff was seated on the left, the same area where the secretaries had started collecting the votes. Hence, the first 15 consecutive votes were all for Mo Zhi. 
“Mo Zhi.” 
Another vote. 
Mo Zhi already had 16 votes, but Mo Xicheng still had none. 
Mo Zhi smirked as he looked at Mo Xicheng with a taunting expression in his eyes. Then he approached Mo Xicheng and leaned on him, saying, “I say, Mo Xicheng, did you really think the company would give you the fair treatment you’re looking for?! Look at the gap in the voting numbers, how are you going to catch up to me? You don’t even have a single vote yet. What if you don’t even get a single vote? Are you going to cry?” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes when he heard this. He had taken notice of the order by which the votes had been announced and then matched them to the seating positions. At once, he understood. 
The moment Mo Zhi said those words, someone called out, “Mo Xicheng!” 
Finally, Mo Xicheng had one vote. 
Mo Zhi froze. 
The other man was already saying, “I’m sorry, but it doesn’t look like I’ll be crying after all.” 
Mo Zhi was speechless with anger. He snorted after a moment and said, “Well, that’s only one vote, isn’t it? How will you possibly catch up with such a big gap?!” 
Upon these words, another person exclaimed: 
“Mo Xicheng!” 
Another slap to his face. 
Mo Zhi turned angrily to glare at the person reading out the name. He couldn’t help himself from saying, “Well, maybe people pity you and gave you two votes to save you from being pathetically embarrassed!” 
Then it continued. 
“Mo Xicheng!” 
In an instant, the score became 16:3. 
Mo Zhi took a deep breath and frowned. 
But fortunately, the next name was: 
“Mo Zhi.” 
He sighed in relief. 
But following this: 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Mo Zhi.” 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Mo Zhi” 
“…” 
Towards the end of the counting, Mo Zhi watched helplessly as Mo Xicheng slowly caught up to him. From a gap of 16 votes, the gap had dwindled to 3, with only 5 votes remaining. 
Mo Zhi clenched his fist tightly, staring intently at the points. As for Mo Hai, he wore a nasty expression as well. 
Following that, they heard: 
“Mo Zhi.” 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“Mo Zhi.” 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
After the last five votes, the people stared at the results in great surprise. 
Mo Xicheng and Mo Zhi were actually tied. 
Mo Zhi’s expression turned extremely ugly. 
He had been in the company for so many years and Mo Xicheng had just joined, how could they be tied?! 
He immediately sprang to his feet and was about to speak when Gao Feng said, “This is a stalemate. Chairman, what do we do now?!” 
Instantly, Mo Hai frowned. 
At this point, Mo Zhi’s eyes lit up and said, “There’s one more person who hasn’t voted! My mom!”
###Chapter 1569: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (42) 
Upon Mo Zhi’s remark, everyone’s eyes fell on Li Shu. 
Mo Xicheng was also stunned. 
He looked at the voting numbers, his mind a blank now. 
He had initially thought that he would push Mo Zhi out of the game by exposing how the man had misappropriated the company funds. But apparently, that had just been naive thinking on his part. 
After running the company for so many years, Mo Zhi had built the relationships and networks that Mo Xicheng himself didn’t have. 
Besides, he could not have imagined that Mo Hai would actually be willing to sell the family home to repay Mo Zhi’s debt to the company. 
He narrowed his eyes and continued to stare at the voting results. Suddenly he thought, “Actually, so what if I lose?” 
It was already a feat to have come all this way by himself. 
He was content. 
In addition, even if he lost the vote, Mo Zhi would not change. At some point, these people would think of him. 
However, of course, he would have to hibernate for another period of time. 
He wondered if Shi Nianyao would think any less of him. 
This thought stirred complex of emotions within him as his gaze, like everyone else’s, fell on Li Shu. 
Oddly…. 
Even though knowing very well that her one vote would definitely go to Mo Zhi, there was a ray of hope in his heart. 
He was hopeful that Li Shu would act with fairness and justice once more and give him an opportunity. 
But how would that be possible
She was Mo Zhi’s mother, why would she help him
He cast his gaze down at this thought. 
Mo Zhi was now on his feet saying, “My mom’s part of the company and has a role in the company. So she has the right to vote! I’ve won the poll!! Haha, I’ve won with one vote more than Mo Xicheng!” 
Gao Feng stood up and was about to speak. He had barely opened his mouth when Mo Zhi immediately retorted, “Uncle Gao, surely you’re not going to say that the voting doesn’t count, right? Or winning by a single vote is not a victory?” 
Gao Feng choked and replied, “Of course not.” 
“That’s fine then! The way I see it, winning by one vote is a victory too. What does everyone say?” 
Having said that, Mo Zhi turned towards Mo Xicheng with viciousness in his eyes. He said to the man, “Mo Xicheng, sorry! I’ve won the vote. Please step down from your position and do it efficiently. Then you may leave the company!” 
Mo Zhi was smiling boorishly as he continued, “Of course, even if you leave the company, the company will still pay you monthly. When it’s time to collect your pay, we will send you a notification.” 
“So now will you please leave?” 
Upon hearing these words and seeing that smug expression on Mo Zhi’s face, Mo Xicheng had a great urge to throw the content of his tea cup onto the man. But given his personality, he only lowered his gaze. 
He never worried about small problems. 
Since he had lost, then he would do it like a gentleman. 
At this thought, he got to his feet and nodded at everyone in the room. Then he turned around to walk towards the door. 
However, just as he was about to step through the door, he heard Li Shu say, “Hang on.” 
He halted and turned around as Li Shu started to say, “I am casting my vote for Mo Xicheng.”
###Chapter 1570: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (43) 
The people in the room looked at Mo Xicheng’s figure as he walked towards the door. Oddly, they couldn’t help but feel as though he was a hero in an awful situation. 
Those who had voted for him felt a deep sense of regret and sympathized with the man. 
Those who had not voted for him because they had feared that Mo Zhi would get back at them for it could not help but feel a tinge of regret for not having voted for him. 
When they thought of Mo Xicheng leaving the company, they felt slightly reluctant. 
Although Mo Xicheng had only been there a short time, they had communicated and connected with him in some way. 
They had discovered that although the man was not familiar with the business, he took his work seriously and he was exceptionally brilliant. It never took too much explaining for him to catch on, whether it was finances or matters requiring emotional intelligence. For sure, he was a lot better than Mo Zhi. 
They liked him as a leader. 
So when Li Shu had spoken to Mo Xicheng, they had thought that she was going to warn him to not interfere with the company’s matters from now on, and they felt even worse for Mo Xicheng. 
And as much regret and sadness they had felt then, they were now equally shocked. 
What?! 
What had Li Shu just said?! 
Were they hearing things? ! 
And the next moment, Mo Zhi was shrieking, “Mom! What are you talking about?!” 
Instantly, everyone in the room, including Mo Hai, was stunned. 
They all looked at Li Shu in astonishment. 
Although they had heard every word she had said, that whole sentence just did not make sense. 
Or was Li Shu just careless and had said the wrong name?! 
As everyone froze in a daze, they heard Li Shu repeate those words clearly again, “I said that I am casting my vote for Mo Xicheng!” 
The confirmation came like a bomb that blew up the meeting room. 
Ever one in the room turned to look at Li Shu in disbelief, even Mo Hai was shocked. 
He walked over to Li Shu and gripped her arm, saying, “Li Shu, stop fooling around. Are you joking? How could you be casting your vote for Mo Xicheng?!” 
Mo Zhi was worked up by now and added, “That’s right, Mom, what’s wrong with you? How could you be supporting this illegitimate son? Mom, tell us, did he threaten you? Did he blackmail you?! Tell us!” 
Mo Hai looked at Li Shu and said, “Li Shu, say something. Did you say the wrong name?” 
Li Shu was ignoring the two men now, as her eyes were fixed on Mo Xicheng. 
She could no longer hide all the regret and sorrow reflected on her expression. 
Mo Xicheng was her real son. 
And she could finally announce it. 
Her eyes filled with tears. She had held back and waited for this moment. 
Since she had found out about Mo Xicheng’s real identity till now, a month had passed, but to her it had felt like years. 
Mo Xicheng seemed to realize that Li Shu was experiencing something unusual and raised his eyebrows in surprise to look back at her. 
He gulped with disbelief. After a moment, he finally spoke. He asked, “Why?” 
Why
The woman’s eyes reddened at once. She choked on the emotions welling up within her. 
Because you are my son!
###Chapter 1571: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (44) 
She opened her mouth but before she could get a word in, the door was thrown open. 
In an instant, a flood of reporters streamed into the room, creating a din. 
Amidst the chaos, Mo Hai put his arm around Li Shu and put her behind himself protectively. 
Meanwhile, the reporters’ cameras flashed as they asked the attendees: 
“May we know if you are all holding a board meeting?” 
“Is the matter concerning Mo Xicheng over?” 
“Have you reached a conclusion?” 
“Can you tell us if Mo Xicheng has been removed from his position?” 
“In the Mo family, can an illegitimate son be heir to the family estate?!” 
“If illegitimate children of wealthy families can inherit the family estate, are we then encouraging our younger generation’s men to have more children? Or encouraging the women out there to be mistresses of men from these wealthy families?! Because their children can benefit from inheriting the family’s fortune, even if they themselves weren’t married.” 
“That’s right, we want to stand against such situations!” 
“…” 
The reporters fired their questions one by one, creating confusion. 
Mo Zhi narrowed his eyes. 
He was the one who had quietly allowed these reporters to go in when he had realized that there was a possibility that Mo Xicheng’s votes could surpass his. 
He wanted to show that bunch of stubborn old men that if Mo Xicheng became the CEO, they would be facing the great pressure of public opinion. 
Even if Mo Xicheng’s votes did outnumber his, he wanted to ensure the office would be so swamped by these reporters that there would be no way for him to carry out his duties properly. 
Mo Zhi narrowed his eyes as he watched the situation unfold. 
Gao Feng and Mo Hai were already on their feet to manage the situation. “We are in the middle of a board meeting, we would like to ask the outsiders to leave the room. Our friends from the press, please leave now on your own. We don’t want to have to call security.” 
But even with this warning, the reporters were like a bunch of wild dogs that had spotted a piece of meat, they would not leave. 
After all, it wasn’t easy to get a scoop like that. Who was going to give it up?! 
Hence, upon hearing those words, the reporters started to corner them with questions, 
“Mr. Mo, we’d like to know what the company’s decision is? An illegitimate son can become the CEO and oust the rightful heir? Is that what you’re telling us?” 
Someone saw the voting results written on the board and was surprised at once. He asked, “An illegitimate son can draw the same number of votes as the rightful heir! Is this fair?” 
“Mr. Mo, do you want to pass the family fortune to Mo Xicheng?” 
“Mr. Mo Xicheng, are you really here to compete for the family estate? If not, then why are you involved in the family business? If yes, do you think it was right of your mother to have broken up someone else’s family?” 
“…” 
As they fired off a barrage of questions, Mo Xicheng was forced into an embarrassing position. 
He looked at the group of reporters speechlessly. 
They had no idea what had been happening, and they had no idea how Mo Zhi had cornered him to the point that he could only retaliate to protect himself. 
But all these things, how was he going to tell them
He narrowed his eyes. Then suddenly, he heard Li Shu’s angry shout, “Since our reporter friends are here, I have something to announce.”
###Chapter 1572: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (45) 
The meeting room fell silent. 
Mo Hai sat there looking at Li Shu, he was completely stunned. 
The Li Shu he was seeing tonight was beyond his imagination. Her actions seemed those of a stranger and he could not figure out what she was doing. 
The reporters quietened down and looked at her. 
Li Shu looked back at them and was about to say something when another person charged into the room. 
It was Yao Lili. 
The moment Yao Lili entered, she dashed up to Li Shu and dropped to her knees with a loud thump, tears streaming down her face. “Madam, Madam, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault, I failed to keep an eye on Mo Xicheng and allowed his greed to grow in a way that shouldn’t be. You and Mr. Mo have been nothing but kind to us, we should not repay your kindness with such ingratitude! Madam, it’s our mistake! Our mistake! Don’t worry, I’ll take Mo Xicheng away with me right now and will not allow him to step into this office ever again!” 
She wailed and cried, causing the reporters to frown. 
Mo Xicheng stood there, on the other hand, looking at what was going on. He shifted his gaze to Li Shu. 
A moment ago, the woman had called him and voted for him. 
He didn’t really care about what was going on in the room now, he only wanted to know why. 
He kept silent as the reporters asked again, “Mr. Mo, can you tell us the outcome of your meeting? When I came in, I thought I heard Madam Li Shu saying she wanted Mo Xicheng to be in charge of the business?!” 
Impossible. 
Had Li Shu gone mad?! 
He hadn’t been in time to stop Li Shu. Besides, she had made that move on her own, there was really nothing he could have done to stop her. Hence, the only thing he could do now was to go with the flow. 
Mo Hai immediately said, “Our company certainly will not be in the hands of an illegitimate child! Hence the meeting outcome is—” 
“That’s right, our company will never be in the hands of an illegitimate child.” Mo Hai was interrupted by Li Shu. 
Mo Hai paused in surprise and, as he realized what Li Shu had just said, he immediately sighed with relief, thinking that Li Shu had finally come to her senses. 
Mo Zhi and Yao Lili also exhaled in relief as they exchanged a glance. 
But the moment they relaxed, Li Shu continued unhurriedly, “So I voted for Mo Xicheng. The CEO of the company should be Mo Xicheng, not Mo Zhi.” 
Those words stunned everyone in the room yet again, including the reporters. They looked at her in disbelief. 
Li Shu looked at everyone with reddened eyes and started to choke with emotion. 
She bit her lip and said with tears streaming down her face, “I, Li Shu, have an announcement to make today. And at the same time, I wish to reinstate my son.” 
“More than twenty years ago, Yao Lili and I gave birth a day apart. I had always thought that Mo Zhi was my son, until recently, when I accidentally discovered that my son is actually Mo Xicheng!” 
As she said this, she started choking even more. Her lips quivered as her hand reached into her handbag to draw out the DNA test result papers and placed them on the table, saying, “This is proof! Yao Lili, the pretentious mistress, acted as though money didn’t matter to her, so she had switched the babies back then.” 
She looked at Mo Xicheng as she cried. With much effort, she spoke through her quivering lips to deliver the truth, “You are my real son!”
###Chapter 1573: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (46) 
There was only a complete silence in the meeting room now. 
When Yao Lili heard Li Shu’s words, she was so shocked that she forgot to cry and looked at the woman in a daze. She could not understand how Li Shu could know about this. 
Obviously, her relationship with Mo Zhi had been a secret between just the two of them, no one else in the world knew about it. How did Li Shu know about it
How could that be possible
And Mo Zhi was even more shaken as he stared back at Li Shu. 
He had thought that his was a secret he could carry to his grave, even though from the moment he found out the truth from Yao Lili, the fear of being found out had never left him. 
But he had never imagined that the secret would be announced publicly in such a way. 
He looked at Li Shu, completely shaken. He opened his mouth to speak but found that his voice was gone from the shock. 
“That is not possible!” 
Someone said this on his behalf. 
He looked at Mo Hai and saw that the man’s pupils had shrunk back. He took a step towards Li Shu and stared at her, saying, “This is not possible, Li Shu. Don’t fool around, this is a serious occasion—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Li Shu interrupted him, “I’m not joking, this is the proof. If it weren’t for the fact that I overheard those two, mother and son, talking in the hospital, I’m afraid we’d be none the wiser for the rest of our lives! And my own son would have had to bear the label of an illegitimate child, to be laughed at, insulted and ridiculed by people around him, and never able to live a normal life for the rest of his days!” 
“Mo Hai, do you know that when you betrayed me, I only found you annoying? But now I hate you! I hate Yao Lili! It’s because of you that my son and I did not know each other for more than twenty years. And it’s the both of you that made me what I am today. It’s the two of you!” 
As she spoke, her eyes reddened. 
Lowering her head and biting her lip, she continued, “And because of the both of you, I’ve done so much wrong against my own son.” 
“I cannot forgive myself, and I cannot forgive the two of you. And it’s even harder for me to face Mo Xicheng.” 
Tears welled up in her eyes and rolled down her face as she felt a cutting pain in her heart. 
That was what saddened her the most. 
Even though now she knew the truth, she could not take away the pain she had caused Mo Xicheng before, or pretend that it had never happened. 
She knew that her son may not forgive her. 
And even now that she had told the truth, she could not bring herself to ask for Mo Xicheng’s forgiveness. 
She felt a searing pain in her heart again at this thought. 
– 
Mo Xicheng was in a daze. 
He could no longer hear the conversation that was going on in the room. 
He could only stare at Li Shu, stupefied, not daring to believe what she had just said. 
But some scenes flashed through his mind like a movie. 
He thought of the special treatment he had received from Gao Feng, the unusual attitude she had had with Mo Zhi recently, and all the things that Yao Lili had done. r. 
There seemed to be only one reasonable explanation. 
But even then, he still didn’t dare to believe it. 
His gaze fell on the DNA test report on the table. He walked over slowly and picked up the slip. When he saw what was on it, his mind went blank. 
In the meeting room now, Gao Feng was about the only person who maintained a semblance of cool-headedness. 
He broke the silence of the seemingly checkmate situation in the meeting room as he raised his deep voice, “Now that the truth is out, and we know the real illegitimate son is Mo Zhi, I’d suggest that he be removed from the Mo family enterprise.”
###Chapter 1574: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (47) 
A piece of earth-shattering news had now made its way to the entertainment and business world. 
The illegitimate child, who everyone knew had been in the Mo Family for so many years, but who no one would talk about, had turned out to be the real McCoy. 
Whereas that good-for-nothing Young Master had turned out to be only an illegitimate son. 
The news shook up the entertainment world and the industry in an instant. 
On the internet, all the nasty remarks initially targeted at Mo Xicheng had now quietly turned into remarks that were more along the lines of “What a counterattack,” “The truth knocked us,” or “What an evil mistress.” 
Although Mo Xicheng had suffered great damage to his reputation because of being an illegitimate child, this piece of news gave him a huge boost of attention and sympathy points. 
Suddenly, his popularity sky-rocketed to a level beyond what he had ever achieved. 
In turn, this gave his new film, Ambition 2, additional publicity. 
And now in the Mo family, tension was building up. 
– 
In the Mo family residence. 
Yao Lili knelt on the floor, her eyes bloodshot from crying. 
Before her, Mo Hai and Li Shu sat on the sofa with no trace of expression on their faces. 
There were two policemen standing by the side, getting ready to take Yao Lili away. 
The woman looked at Mo Hai and Mo Zhi. She said, “Mo Hai, Mo Zhi, please don’t treat me like this! I didn’t do this on purpose. I didn’t know the babies had been swapped!” 
Then, as though she suddenly remembered something, she quickly turned around to look at Li Shu and said, “Madam, I really didn’t do this on purpose. It’s true. Madam, please don’t do this!” 
Given that this case went back more than twenty years, if the Mo Family did not pursue it, Yao Lili would not get into trouble. And whether Yao Lili got arrested now was solely dependent on Li Shu’s mood. 
But how would Li Shu let her off easily
The woman narrowed her eyes, looked at her and said, “Yao Lili, there’s no escape from the evil you created for yourself! I believe the one night you had with Mo Hai was an accident, but how could you-” i?d. c?
She was choked by her emotions at this point and clutched her chest tightly. 
Although she hadn’t managed to finish what she was saying, the obvious hatred in her eyes shut Yao Lili up at once. 
She knew that she was not going to get anything from Li Shu. 
She quickly turned to Mo Zhi and crept on the floor towards him. Then she put her arms around his legs crying. “Mo Zhi, I-” 
She did not finish what she wanted to say, as she realized Mo Zhi was probably in the worst position. 
His status was now an embarrassment. She was thankful enough that the Mo family would not hold him accountable for what had happened. 
At this thought, Yao Lili immediately released her grip on Mo Zhi and turned to Mo Xicheng, who had since been standing on the side, watching the scene unfold. 
Her eyes immediately narrowed as she charged up to him, wailing. “Mo Xicheng, I’m your mother! Even if I’m not your real mother, I brought you up. You must not be ungrateful, or you will cause the wrath of the heavens. You can’t treat me like this! Say something. If only you’d speak up for me, they’d let me off! Mo Xicheng, even if I have made a mistake, I brought you up!” 
Mo Xicheng stared at the distraught Yao Lili. 
What sort of life had he been living in the past that he had failed to realize that… and even now, the person that Yao Lili protected was ultimately Mo Zhi.
###Chapter 1575: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (48) 
For the sake of not putting Mo Zhi in a difficult position, she would rather not beg for his help but Mo Xicheng’s. 
Even though she knew very well that Mo Hai had treated Mo Zhi like his only son. And as for Mo Xicheng himself, although now the truth was out, compared to Mo Hai and Li Shu, he was also now in a very awkward position 
Mo Xicheng squinted as he looked at Yao Lili. 
While Li Shu, who was next to Mo Xicheng, had started to get anxious. 
She did not know how Mo Xicheng would choose, but if he were to plead on Yao Lili’s behalf, she would not be able to agree because she hated that woman too much. 
There was no way she could forgive Yao Lili, or even herself. 
When she looked back, she had even begun developing a strong resentment to how Mo Hai had treated Mo Xicheng. 
She wanted to speak, but felt uncertain. 
She was even feeling a tinge of jealousy. 
Yao Lili had been with Mo Xicheng since he was a child, for sure, the man would have some affection for her. 
For so many years, they had relied on each other as mother and son. 
As she contemplated this, she heard Mo Xicheng saying to Yao Lili, “I’m very sorry, it was Madam Mo’s child that you took away, not mine.” 
The moment the remark fell, the policemen standing by the side guffawed uncontrollably. 
It instantly lightened up the atmosphere in the room. 
And Li Shu instantly looked better. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng with approval in her eyes. 
After being brought up by Yao Lili for many years, he had not turned out crooked. 
On the contrary, he was a very discerning young man. 
Whereas Mo Zhi, whom she had brought up, was now looking at her and Mo Hai with much hatred in his eyes. 
Obviously, his own mother had done wrong. Obviously, Mo Xicheng was the victim. 
Li Shu cast her gaze down at this observation. 
On the other hand, Mo Xicheng’s remark agitated Yao Lili. She froze and looked at the young man in shock. Then she shrieked, “Mo Xicheng, do you have a conscience?! For so many years I fed and educated you, but this is how you treat me? You know very well that if you say a word to your mother, Li Shu, she will let me off!” 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and asked, “And why should I plead with Madam Mo?” 
“Madam Mo” again. 
It stung her. 
Mo Xicheng held something against them. Since the truth had been out, a few hours had passed, but he had yet to call her “Mom.” 
As Li Shu wondered about this, Yao Lili spoke again, “No matter what, the gratitude you owe to the person who brought you up is greater than to the person who brought you into this world. How could you do this? Aren’t you afraid of being labeled ungrateful?!” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and said nothing. 
Yao Lili wanted to go on and talk herself out of this, however Li Shu immediately got on her feet and said, “Policeman comrades, may I trouble you and ask you to take this woman away now? I don’t wish to engage with her.” 
This would probably save Mo Xicheng from being put on the spot. 
The policemen nodded and said, “Sure.” 
They walked to Yao Lili. 
She widened her eyes in immediate panic, crying. “No, I don’t want to go to jail! Mo Xicheng, help me! Mo Zhi, help me!” 
Yao Lili finally called out to Mo Zhi. Everyone’s gaze now fell on him. 
When he heard his own name being called, he turned away reflexively. He fell silent and looked away, refusing to meet Yao Lili’s eyes.
###Chapter 1576: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (49) 
Yao Lili’s heart froze at once when she saw his expression. 
All her life, she had focused her complete attention and energy on Mo Zhi. Even when she had felt very guilty facing Mo Xicheng, she had still suppressed him. 
But in the end
After having done so much for Mo Zhi, he gave her nothing back. 
On the other hand, even though she had suppressed Mo Xicheng, in the years after they had left the Mo family home, she had lived a life of comfort and had never had to suffer. Mo Xicheng had worked to provide her with money she could spend. 
In her life, she had not felt so much remorse as she did at this point. 
But it was too late. 
When the policemen held her securely by her arms and led her to the door, she could not help but turn around to glance and take in everything in the house. 
She asked herself if she would do the same if she could start all over again. 
The answer was yes. 
Because Mo Zhi was her son. Mo Xicheng wasn’t. 
Every parent would treat their child like that, asking for nothing in return, but hoping the best for them. 
The room fell silent after the police officers had taken Yao Lili away. 
Mo Zhi, Mo Xicheng, Li Shu and Mo Hai each sat in one side of the room in silence, making no move to disrupt the awkwardness of the situation. 
Mo Zhi looked at Li Shu and Mo Hai anxiously, as though afraid that he would be abandoned—it was a pain to watch. 
After ten minutes, Mo Hai finally spoke. 
He looked at Mo Zhi and asked, “When did you find out about this?” 
The young man’s eyes reddened at once. 
His voice choked slightly as he said, “Dad, I- I found out about half a year ago. When I was a child, she’d do strange things, but she never overstepped her boundaries. Until half a year ago, when she- she cornered me and told me about this. At first I did not believe her, but then later I secretly ordered a DNA test. Dad, I didn’t want to lose you and Mom, so I didn’t speak up. I didn’t do this on purpose.” The man started to sob. 
He cried like a child, so innocently that it was painful to watch. 
Mo Hai stared at him as he continued, “So when I found the both of you in the room a few days ago, you weren’t-” 
Mo Zhi choked as he said, “She was only concerned that I had been beaten and was taking a look at my injuries.” 
Immediately, Mo Hai fell silent. He looked at Li Shu and tested the waters, “Li Shu, look at the boy—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Mo Zhi dropped to his knees with a thud. 
With his head lowered, he wailed. “Dad, Mom, I made a mistake, I was wrong! But I’ve been the Young Master of the Mo family since I was a child. I didn’t know all this. And now I’m told all of a sudden that Mo Xicheng is the true heir. I didn’t want to lose the life that I had been living, this was why I was so foolish. I really didn’t want to do this. I didn’t…” 
Li Shu cast her gaze down and said, “So you were recently acting exceptionally poorly to make things difficult for Mo Xicheng, and it’s because you knew the truth?” 
Mo Zhi nodded and replied, “I was afraid that you’d find out his true identity. I was wrong, Mom, please forgive me. Please forgive me.” 
No matter what, this was the child she had raised. Her heart softened when she looked at him. “No, you did nothing wrong. The person who made the mistake was me! I failed to look after my own child, what sort of mother am I?! I allowed my son to go through much trouble for so many years. Mo Zhi, put your hand on your heart and ask yourself, all these years, how have I treated you and how has Yao Lili treated Mo Xicheng?! How do I forgive you?”
###Chapter 1577: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (50) 
Mo Zhi was speechless at once. 
Mo Hai was silent for a moment before he suddenly said, “Yao Lili and Mo Xicheng lived in the little apartment near our building for years. You can move into that space now.” 
Mo Zhi looked up at Mo Hai in disbelief when he heard that remark. 
Mo Hai lowered his head in silence. 
Narrowing his eyes, Mo Zhi said, “I understand, Dad. I have to experience the hardships that Mo Xicheng has experienced since childhood. If doing this will make Mom feel better…” 
After saying this, he started to walk towards the door. 
But when he reached the doorway, Li Shu suddenly yelled, “Hang on.” 
Mo Zhi halted and turned around with anticipation. He looked at Li Shu thinking that her heart must have softened. But unexpectedly, he was greeted with the remark, “From now on, don’t call me mom.” 
Mo Zhi’s heart broke. 
He lowered his head. 
Then he nodded and walked out. 
After Mo Zhi left, Mo Xicheng got on his feet. He looked at the two people, nodded formally and said, “I should go too.” 
Li Shu was stunned. She opened her mouth to speak. “Mo Xicheng, you—” 
He stood still and turned back to look at Li Shu. “Does Madam Mo wish to say something?” 
Li Shu hesitated and looked troubled. “Mo Xicheng, you… will you move home?” 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank back and he replied immediately, “I’m used to living in my own villa, so it may not be as comfortable for me here.” 
Li Shu was disappointed to hear this. 
But she did not dare to show her emotions. She only nodded and replied, “Very well then, continue to live in your own villa. I will visit when I am free.” 
Looking back at her, Mo Xicheng said after a brief pause, “There’s no need to do that.” 
Her heart sank at those words. 
An inexplicable sorrow welled up in her heart. 
Did Mo Xicheng blame her? Was he unwilling to forgive her
Just as this thought entered her mind, she heard the young man say, “I will come to see you often.” 
Her spirits suddenly lifted and her eyes lit up. A wave of warmth washed over her as her eyes started to fill with tears. 
Mo Xicheng smiled at her and then politely left. 
The whole time, he had not spoken a single word to Mo Hai. 
Mo Hai stared at the young man’s figure till it disappeared. Then he spoke, “Although he did not grow up with us by his side, he is your son nevertheless. He has the same unique temperament.” 
He heard no reply from Li Shu. 
He turned around and saw the woman staring at him with a distant coldness in her eyes. 
Mo Hai panicked at once and asked, “What’s the matter, Li Shu?” 
She lowered her gaze impassively and asked him, “You’ve relegated Mo Zhi to the servants’ quarters because you don’t intend to kick him out, is that right?” 
Mo Hai found himself speechless for a moment and then stammered, “You’ve watched the child grow up yourself, and you’re aware of his lack of talent. In the office, I had to watch over him and protect him. This is why he’s still safe after clowning around for so many years. If we kick him out now, how is he going to survive?” 
Upon hearing this, Li Shu laughed scornfully. She continued her way up the stairs without another word. 
With her back to him, Mo Hai quickly followed her and kept talking, “Luckily, we found out about Yao Lili’s evil scheme early enough. Otherwise this would have continued and we would have ended up making a huge mistake.”
###Chapter 1578: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (51) 
“All’s good now. Mo Xicheng has been reinstated and he will inherit the company, of course! He is capable and will be a good business manager, so I can retire without having to worry.” 
He hoped that his intentions of entirely giving the business to Mo Xicheng would placate Li Shu. 
Li Shu halted suddenly and Mo Hai ran into her after the unexpected pause. The woman almost fell back. 
Quickly, Mo Hai reached out to steady her. 
She looked at the man and started, “Do you really think that Yao Lili’s evil scheme has failed?” 
Mo Hai paused for a moment and replied, “Well, isn’t the truth out now?” 
Li Shu laughed scornfully and said, “Mo Zhi is Yao Lili’s son, but you worry about his future. And what about Mo Xicheng? In the past, when you suppressed Mo Xicheng, did you ever think about his future?” 
The remark stumped Mo Hai. 
He fumbled for words. 
It had been because of his guilt that he had painstakingly brought Mo Zhi up for Li Shu’s sake. 
A man’s affections for his son were often developed from the contact and time he spent with the child. The love that Mo Hai felt for Mo Zhi came naturally, however Mo Xicheng was like a stranger to him. 
Li Shu was right. 
He had just relegated the boy to the servants’ quarter and had not spoken so far about the 20 percent of the company shares that Mo Zhi had and ought to give to Mo Xicheng. ?ｎ. 
Deep in his heart, he wanted to help Mo Zhi. 
Li Shu smirked at his silence and shook off his grip on her arm. She went into the bedroom. 
Mo Hai stood there in a daze and finally sighed deeply. 
He could not bring himself to give Mo Zhi the same cold treatment that he had always given Mo Xicheng. 
He really couldn’t. 
He lowered his head and stood at the doorway to Li Shu’s room. 
After some time, Li Shu’s door was thrown open. When Mo Hai saw that she was holding a suitcase in her hand, he was taken aback. Then he finally reacted. “Are you going on holiday? Indeed, it’s a good time to relax, given that so many troubling things have happened at home. Don’t worry, by the time you come back, everything at home will be sorted out.” 
The only reaction he had was a cold stare from her as she said, “Mo Hai, let’s get a divorce.” 
Mo Hai was stunned. 
Li Shu cast her gaze down and walked around him, walking to the front door with her suitcase in tow. 
Mo Hai reacted after a moment and grabbed her arm, asking, “Li Shu, why?” 
She turned around and stared at the man. “Don’t you know why?” 
Mo Hai was instantly at a loss for words. 
Pushing her suitcase behind her, Li Shu continued her way out of the house. 
Mo Hai ran after her and caught her again, just before she stepped out of the front door. He said, “Li Shu, I know what you mean. Don’t worry, I will ask Mo Zhi to leave, alright? Please don’t go, I won’t agree to a divorce!” 
When Li Shu heard these words, she turned around and looked steadily at the man. Her expression was cold and her tone was icy in an unfamiliar way. “And what about the company shares?” 
Li Shu had lost all hope by now. 
Her only wish now was to help Mo Xicheng take back what was rightfully his. 
She would not soften her heart again where her enemy and her enemy’s son were concerned. 
Because being kind with them would mean being cruel to her son.
###Chapter 1579: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (52) 
Mo Hai was taken aback by Li Shu’s determined attitude. 
He looked at her and recalled the refined and cultured lady she had once been. He remembered the time more than twenty years ago, when she had obviously known that there was something going on between Yao Lili and him, yet she had accepted her and her son. 
The Li Shu he had known back then had been a magnanimous woman. But now… 
He could not have imagined that Li Shu would ever turn this petty. 
Why would she target the shares
Li Shu saw the expression on his face and gave a scornful laugh. “I suppose you’re hesitating?” 
Mo Hai gasped and quickly said, “Of course not! But Li Shu, you have to know that even though Mo Zhi is Yao Lili’s son, he’s my son after all too! Legally, illegitimate children have a right to inherit the family estate. So if Mo Zhi refuses to return the money, there is nothing I can do.” 
Li Shu found Mo Hai’s remark laughable. 
She looked at Mo Hai and spoke unhurriedly, “When you thought Mo Xicheng was Yao Lili’s son, what was your opinion? You never acknowledged Mo Xicheng’s status. But now that the mistress’ son has turned out to be Mo Zhi, you’ve changed your mind?” 
Mo Hai spluttered and tried to explain, “I didn’t mean it like that, I—” 
Li Shu waved her hand before he could finish speaking. She interrupted him and said, “You don’t have to say another word, I understand what you mean.” 
She looked at Mo Hai steadily and continued, “But I cannot face that son, who lied to me for more than 20 years. Every time I see him, I inevitably recall Mo Xicheng, who was tortured by that woman for so many years. Think about it carefully, since Mo Xicheng was a child, Yao Lili was very harsh with him. Even living next door to them, I could see how badly she suppressed him! At the time, I felt that perhaps Yao Lili didn’t want Mo Xicheng to outshine Mo Zhi, but what about now? When I think about how that woman treated Mo Xicheng in his childhood, I cannot find it within myself to forgive her! So Mo Hai, honestly, between Mo Zhi and me, you can only choose one.” 
Her strong and clear voice caused Mo Hai to gasp and choke. Taking in a deep breath, he reached out for Li Shu’s hand and said, “Needless to say. If I have to choose, then I choose you.” 
At this point, he turned to look at the butler and said, “Tell Mo Zhi to leave the villa now. He has to move out.” 
The butler nodded immediately. 
Mo Hai added, “And ask him when he is going to transfer his shares to Mo Xicheng.” 
The butler nodded again. 
Mo Hai looked as though he wanted to say something else but finally fell silent. 
She cast her gaze down, noting his hesitation and reluctance in silence. 
Then he sighed and told the butler, “Go now.” 
The butler went away. 
Mo Hai turned around, took the suitcase from Li Shu and said, “In the future, don’t mention divorce casually. We’ve kept our marriage after so many years. It has been so and will be so.” 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes. Although she did not speak, she did not insist on leaving, but rather followed the man as he led her back to the bedroom. 
As a rule, Mo Hai would not enter Li Shu’s bedroom. Hence, he stood at the doorway as he watched Li Shu enter her room and shut the door behind her. 
He then quickly turned around and dashed downstairs, heading towards the apartment that Yao Lili and Mo Xicheng had used to live in.
###Chapter 1580: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (53) 
As he entered the apartment, he heard Mo Zhi shouting, “Butler, this is impossible! My dad will not abandon me! You’re lying. Step aside, I want to go and see my dad. My dad would not ask me to leave!” 
The butler’s voice could be heard replying, “Young Master Mo Zhi, this is what Sir has instructed me to do. It’s no lie, so please leave quickly. If you leave of your own accord, we will give you time to pack. If you don’t and we have to call security, then I’m afraid you may not be able to take your belongings with you.” 
Mo Zhi’s voice grew sharper now as he shrieked, “Go away! You old dog! My dad would not do this, I want to ask him myself.” 
Before he could finish, Mo Hai’s voice bellowed, “Enough!” 
Mo Zhi fell silent. And before Mo Hai could even enter the apartment fully, the young man had already dashed out. He looked at Mo Hai with hopeful eyes and cried, “Dad, Dad, I know you won’t bear to ask me to leave. Dad, I’m your son, how could you ask me to leave?” 
At these words, Mo Hai sighed and said, “Mo Zhi, listen to me.” 
The young man stopped and looked at Mo Hai. nr. o
Mo Hai explained in a sincere tone, “I raised you up myself. And although you are a man, I always treated you very generously. This has caused you to be who you are today, a person without many accomplishments. This is now an opportunity for you to go out there and fend for yourself. Besides, given the situation, your mother would feel uncomfortable if I kept you here.” 
“Why would she feel uncomfortable? She always tolerated Mo Xicheng, but now she can’t accept me? Even if I’m not her own child, doesn’t she even feel a little love for me after all these years?! I’m an innocent victim of the situation too, Dad.” 
Mo Hai sighed when he heard these words. He turned to glance upstairs. Seeing that the curtains in Li Shu’s room were drawn, he quickly reached into his pocket and drew out a credit card. He held it out to Mo Zhi and said, “There’s 500,000 in here. Take it and leave. In a few days, when your mom has cooled down and if you want to return, I’ll put in a few words. I know this is not your fault, but your mom’s in a bad mood. And if you stayed, your mom would have trouble facing Mo Xicheng. I know it’s hard on you, son.” 
Mo Zhi’s eyes reddened at once. 
He had been close to Mo Hai for so many years, he knew the man well. From the tone of his voice, he knew that there was no turn around. 
Hence, Mo Zhi stopped retorting and took the credit card. He said, “Alright, I’ll leave.” 
Mo Hai sighed in relief. 
Mo Zhi turned around and requested, “But may I pack my belongings?” 
“Of course.” 
The young man nodded. He went to pack a suitcase with his belongings and, as he pushed his suitcase behind him and walked to the front gate, he turned around to look at the villa in which he had grown up. An inexplicable sense of abandonment welled up within him. Along with that, he felt a growing anger. 
Li Shu, it is you who made me leave today. One fine day, you will beg me to return! 
He tried to comfort himself with this thought, as a vicious expression spread across his face. He turned back and walked out. 
In the bedroom on the second floor, Li Shu stood by the window, quietly observing his figure.
###Chapter 1581: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (54) 
Mo Xicheng left the Mo family home. 
He was still reeling from the news as he drove home in a daze. 
He could have never imagined that today’s board meeting would turn out like that. 
The car slowly pulled into the property. As he looked at the empty little house, he suddenly felt an odd loneliness. 
He was glad to know that Yao Lili was not his mother after all. 
Because all his life, he had wondered if he wasn’t good enough to be accepted by his own mother. 
However, he felt no happiness. 
In fact, he felt exhausted. 
After he parked the car, he got out and walked into the house. After locking his car door with the remote control, he pushed open the front door and entered the house. 
Just as he did so, a silhouette suddenly charged at him. 
That familiar silhouette and the unique scent associated with it brightened his eyes at once. He looked up and saw Shi Nianyao dashing towards him to give him a great bear hug. 
That emptiness he had been feeling inside suddenly vanished. 
All his unhappiness disappeared as he asked, “Why are you here?” 
She smiled immediately. Her smile was forever infectious, forever filled with enthusiasm and positivity. His mood was immediately lifted. 
Indeed, he began to wonder why he was even being so unreasonably upset. 
The past was the past. 
From now on, he would be able to hold his head up high in the presence of others, he could boldly love Shi Nianyao. Shi Nianyao would no longer be laughed at because of his own status. 
The thought of this put him in a good mood. He extended his arms and embraced the girl. Then he spoke lightly into her ear and asked, “Why did you come here?” 
Shi Nianyao looked at him and replied, “I’m not in a position to interfere with your family, but I feel that perhaps you might need me here now.” 
Mo Xicheng was surprised and asked, “So you’ve been waiting for me here?” 
She nodded. 
His heart warmed up. 
He reached out to put a few strands of her hair back in place and asked gently, “Why didn’t you call?” 
She smiled again and replied, “Why call? You were going to be back at some point so I just waited.” 
His eyes darkened as he said, “Well, what if I hadn’t come home?” 
What if he had decided to stay in the Mo family home because he had found his real mother, Li Shu
Shi Nianyao pursed her lips and said, “I didn’t think you’d do that. And if you had, I would have just gone home! I’m not stupid you know.” 
As she twitched her mouth in annoyance, Mo Xicheng laughed and gave her a light tap on her nose. He put his arms around her waist suddenly, drew her close and asked, “In that case, tonight—” 
She quickly replied, “I didn’t ask for permission to stay out tonight, so they’re waiting for me home.” 
The answer disappointed him. 
Looking at Shi Nianyao, he suddenly sighed and said, “Oh well, you’re right. Your parents spoil you so much, you’re not like me, so you would surely go home.” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
His mood had obviously changed for the better a moment ago, but now he was feeling down again
Of course, she didn’t feel quite assured leaving him alone like that. 
So it looked like tonight… she would have to stay?!
###Chapter 1582: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (55) 
As Shi Nianyao contemplated this, she saw that Mo Xicheng had sat down on the sofa and was staring at the coffee table, looking very lonesome and desolate. 
She followed him and sat down next to him. Embracing his arm, she said, “Auntie Li Shu is my mother’s best friend. When they were young, they promised each other that they would marry their children to each other and become in-laws. Who’d have known that this would come true?” 
Mo Xicheng paused and turned to look at Shi Nianyao. 
She smiled and continued, “Actually, Auntie Li Shu is a very nice lady. She has an intellectual aura that makes her unique. I remember my mom telling me that at the time, Auntie Li Shu was the best student among all of them.” 
Mo Xicheng’s pursed lips began to relax as he listened to this. 
Shi Nianyao raised her eyebrows and coughed softly. Imitating the tone of astonishment that Si Jingyu often used, she sighed and said dramatically, “But in the end, she was had by that pig-headed Mo Hai.” 
Even though at this moment Mo Xicheng was tense, he could not help but burst out laughing. 
Seeing that he was finally relaxed, she felt glad. “You’re finally laughing. Are you feeling better now?” 
On that note, Mo Xicheng’s expression turned serious again. 
Immediately, she was on guard again. As she contemplated the situation, she saw a dark shadow close in on her. The next moment, Mo Xicheng was on top of her, his arms pressed up against the sofa, trapping and locking her in his embrace. 
His dark eyes flashed with a burning desire for her. 
As though he would devour her the very next moment. 
Shi Nianyao gulped and stammered, “Mo- Mo Xicheng, what- what are you doing?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head slowly till it was next to hers. He leaned in to speak into her ear. 
When he spoke, his hot breath brushed against her face and she felt as though the back of her neck was being lightly tickled by a feather. At the same time, it felt like an electric current had spread throughout her body. 
She gulped again and fixed her eyes on him. “You- you—” 
“Nianyao, I miss you.” 
His deep voice interrupted what she was saying. She widened her eyes and looked at him in astonishment. 
He lowered his head to kiss her pale nape softly. 
It sent an electrifying shudder through her immediately. Just as she thought that her idol was going to fall down on her, she squeezed her eyes shut nervously, not daring to make a noise. But she realized that, after Mo Xicheng had moved on top of her, there was… nothing. 
The room grew quiet. She could clearly feel his deep and steady breathing and the pounding of his heart. 
It was summer now and they could feel each other’s breathing through their thin clothes. 
She held her breath and sharpened her senses, listening quietly to the changes inside him. 
After a long time, he gently let out a breath. 
Following this, he slowly raised his head. 
At this point, it seemed as though he had completely relaxed, the complex emotions in his eyes had vanished. 
As she broke into a smile, they suddenly heard a knock on the door. 
Bam! Bam! Bam! This was accompanied by an exasperated voice that was shouting, “Mo Xicheng, open the door!”
###Chapter 1583: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (56) 
A familiar and serious voice yelled, causing the young couple to jump up in fright. 
They exchanged a quick look and instantly got up from the sofa simultaneously. 
Shi Nianyao lowered her head guiltily and straightened her clothes. Their clothes looked wrinkled from Mo Xicheng lying on top of her. It only took one look to tell that indeed she had been about to get intimate. 
She was panicking now, trying hard to smoothen her clothes, but they stayed wrinkled. 
And at this point, that exasperated voice yelled again impatiently, “I know you two are in there, open the door!” 
Shi Nianyao was on the verge of tears now. What was her father doing, coming all the way here?! 
Not opening the door was no longer an option. Besides, now there really was nothing going on between them, why should she feel any guilt?! 
As she thought this, Mo Xicheng strode across the living room towards the front door. He quickly opened it. 
The moment he did so, Shi Jinyan charged in. The first thing he did was walk around the room. Finally, his gaze rested on his daughter. Seeing that she was decently dressed at least, his frown relaxed. 
But when he saw her wrinkled clothes, he narrowed his eyes again and threw an odd half-smirk at the young man. 
“What were you two doing? Why did you take so long to come to the door?!” 
He interrogated them as though he was trying to unearth information. His eyes darted around the room, looking for evidence of some sort. 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Nianyao: … 
This man was acting like a judge cross-examining them. 
He looked like he was going to devour them any minute. It was terrifying. 
Shi Nianyao twitched her mouth and then spoke, “Dad, what brings you here?” 
Shi Jinyan sneered, “I suspected that if I didn’t come here, someone would be staying out all night.” 
With a tinge of guilt, Shi Nianyao stuck out her tongue sheepishly. She grinned broadly at Shi Jinyan, trying to placate him. At this point, they heard a voice saying, “That’s enough. We can discuss things properly. There’s no need to be hostile.” 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes lit up at once when she heard the voice, and she ran to the door. Before she got there, Si Jingyu had already entered the room. It was like the arrival of a saviour to Shi Nianyao. She embraced her mother and exclaimed, “Mom! You’re here too!” 
Si Jingyu nodded and smiled at her daughter. Then she turned to Mo Xicheng and said, “Such a big thing has happened. I was worried and felt I should come here to see for myself how you’re doing.” 
Shi Nianyao added, “That’s right, this whole situation was so unexpected! Mom, you could have never imagined that Yao Lili was this evil. She—” 
Si Jingyu interrupted her before she could finish, “Nianyao, your dad’s here to take you home. Why don’t you leave now? I have a few things to discuss with Mo Xicheng.” 
Shi Nianyao became anxious when she heard this. She glanced at Mo Xicheng and asked with great concern, “Mom, what are you going to talk about?” 
Si Jingyu couldn’t help laughing at her anxious daughter. She reached out to lightly pat the girl’s head and replied, “Of course, to interrogate him about what he’s done to charm my daughter so much that you’re never home!” 
Shi Nianyao immediately retorted, “No, he didn’t—” 
As she protested, she suddenly realized Si Jingyu was just pulling her leg. Thus the woman stamped her feet sheepishly and said as she turned to leave, “Mom, how could you do that?”
###Chapter 1584: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (57) 
Following this, she shyly dashed out of the door. 
Si Jingyu laughed and said nothing, but she kept staring at the doorway expectedly. 
Indeed, after a few moments, Shi Nianyao’s head popped around the door again. She said, “Mom, please be kind with my idol. Don’t make fun of him!” 
Si Jingyu: … 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Shi Jinyan glared at his daughter. She stuck her tongue out and quickly disappeared from their view. 
Si Jingyu couldn’t help shaking her head as she looked at Shi Jinyan. She told him, “Take her out to get a coffee for me, don’t get in our way.” 
At his wife’s instruction, the man, who had been intimidating and aggressive with Mo Xicheng a moment ago, suddenly became like a docile giant wolfhound. He nodded at So Jingyu and walked out. 
Mo Xicheng observed the interaction between the couple and cast his gaze down. 
Since childhood, he had lived in a dysfunctional family without a father. His mother hadn’t shown love for him. Hence, he had never really seen for himself what normal family life meant. 
But it was obvious that Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan had a good relationship and they had been together for a long time. And even then, Shi Jinyan took his wife’s every word seriously. 
He wondered if it would be the same for Shi Nianyao and him in the future. 
He became a little distracted as he was thinking about this and only snapped out of his daze when Shi Jingyu coughed softly. n?ea. 
He looked at her respectfully and pointed at the sofa. “Auntie, please take a seat.” 
The woman smiled as she sat down. Then she looked at Mo Xicheng and started, “I think you know what I want to say.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and replied, “I know, it’s because of her.” 
Si Jingyu nodded and said, “Yes, Li Shu and I are close friends. Also, you and Nianyao are together. Now that this has happened, as a senior, I should have a chat with you.” 
Mo Xicheng was most respectful as he said, “Please speak freely.” 
Si Jingyu continued, “The truth is Li Shu has known for some time now that you’re her son.” 
Caught by surprise, Mo Xicheng asked, “When did she find out?” 
The woman replied, “When you and Mo Zhi started to fall out and were in the hospital.” 
A sudden realization dawned on him. So that was when! 
But why had she kept this from him till now
Why had she announced it only now
Sensing his confusion, she explained, “Li Shu wanted you to have what is rightly yours. This was the reason why she did not say anything. But during this time, I believe you must have also felt that she has been guilt-ridden and regretful. She wants to be a good mother, but she doesn’t feel she has the right to ask for your forgiveness. She can only watch over you from afar and wish the best for you.” 
“As her closest friend, I know I cannot force you to forgive her, but I do hope that this will be a harmonious and gentle turning point for the two of you.” 
After this, Mo Xicheng lowered his head and said nothing. She asked, “Mo Xicheng, I have a question for you.” 
The man nodded and asked, “Yes?” 
She asked him after an unhurried pause, “Do you hate Li Shu so much that you can’t bring yourself to forgive her?” 
Astounded by this remark, he asked, “What made you say that?” 
However following this, he seemed relieved and continued with a disappointed smile, “Auntie, I think you must have misunderstood something.” 
Si Jingyu raised her eyebrows as she heard the man continue, “Even though I’ve always been treated as the illegitimate child, the fact is she was never unkind to me.”
###Chapter 1585: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (58) 
“In fact, I am grateful to her. But my status was a problem, so in the past we had little contact and didn’t know each other well.” 
Si Jingyu was taken aback. “So you mean you do not resent her?” 
The young man nodded and clarified, “I have never resented her. It’s just that now I’m not quite sure how to relate to her. The sudden change in our relationship is a bit strange.” 
Si Jingyu sighed in relief and got on her feet. She looked pleased as she addressed the young man, “You’re a good kid with a magnanimous and positive personality. You will lead a happy life. I feel assured handing my daughter over to you.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
They spoke for another short while before So Jingyu got up to leave. Mo Xicheng walked her to her car and saw her off. 
Even though he and Shi Nianyao were most reluctant to part, they didn’t have a choice. 
– 
The following days were busy. 
First, Mo Zhi had to give his assets to Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng was up to his neck in work. 
Mo Hai had not turned up at the office, perhaps because of the guilt he felt about Mo Xicheng. It started to look like he was giving the entire business to the young man. 
Every day at noon, a scene would repeat. Li Shu would come into the building and go to Mo Xicheng’s office carrying a lunch box that she had prepared herself. 
They were like close strangers. 
Everyone in the company knew this was one of Madam’s ways of making it up to her son, hence no one gossiped about it. 
Mo Xicheng was smart, capable and learned fast. 
Li Shu, on the other hand, was pressing Mo Hai to make Mo Zhi hang over his 20 percent of the company’s shares. 
And although Mo Zhi would verbally agree, he would also never sign the agreement. 
Until one afternoon, when Li Shu didn’t go to the office to bring lunch for her son. She had the butler call Mo Xicheng to inform him she would not be there today. 
After being busy all morning, he finally had the chance to relax. This was when he felt something was amiss. 
Recently, Li Shu had been so busy thinking of ways to compensate her son that everything else had been put on hold. 
Could something have happened to her, since she had suddenly canceled
Just as he was wondering about this, his secretary suddenly dashed in and yelled, “CEO Mo, something has happened!” 
Mo Xicheng paused and his eyes clouded over. He said, “Don’t panic. What happened?” 
The secretary quickly took out her cell phone and held it out to the man. 
He looked at the screen. There was a newspaper headline: [Young Master of a certain family attempts suicide in rented apartment] 
It was a dramatic news report, accompanied by a self-harm picture of Mo Zhi with a slashed wrist. 
He looked dispirited and there was a thick bandage around his wrist as he was being lifted into an ambulance. 
The report, written with much sympathy for the victim, gave an account of his background, putting all the blame on Yao Lili and making Mo Zhi seem like an innocent victim. 
Although it was easy to sympathize with Mo Xicheng, he had benefited a lot from what had happened and was now the heir of the Mo family. 
Mo Zhi, on the other hand, had been living the life of an heir, but now had become a penniless and homeless good-for-nothing. 
[Must a child pay for a mother’s mistake? The child is the most innocent victim behind this baby swap]. 
Mo Xicheng’s pupils shrank when he read this.nr. c?
###Chapter 1586: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (59) 
Some people on the internet pointed out how pointless it was to still condemn the woman. 
Yao Lili was already in jail and had gotten what she deserved. 
But what had Mo Zhi done wrong
When he used to be the young master of the Mo family, it had been natural and reasonable that he had tried to protect himself against the son of the mistress to keep his family assets. 
Just like now, weren’t Mo Xicheng and Li Shu both pressuring Mo Zhi
Back then, at least Mo Zhi had not forced Mo Xicheng into a corner so that the only way out would be suicide. 
Hence, they considered the Mo family to be outrageous. 
As Mo Xicheng was reading these news reports, the receptionist called, “CEO Mo, we’ve spotted suspected paparazzi stationed outside the office building. Please be careful when you step out. Perhaps it’s safer to use the back door.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded when he heard this. 
After he hung up, he got onto his feet and said to the secretary, “Get the car ready. To the hospital.” 
– 
Mo Zhi’s suicide attempt had caused a stir. But because they found him in time, he had been taken to the hospital early enough. He had only lost a lot of blood, but he wasn’t in serious danger. 
He was lying on the bed, his face and lips pale. 
He was also undergoing a blood transfusion to replace the loss. 
When Mo Xicheng arrived at the hospital, he saw that Mo Zhi looked as though life was no longer worth living. 
Mo Hai was sitting by his bed with red eyes. 
Li Shu stood by the window, refusing to look at him. 
Mo Zhi sat on the bed quietly with tears rolling down his face. 
Mo Xicheng saw this scene and halted. 
He heard Mo Hai scolding the boy, “Such a grown man and you do something like this?! Huh? Why did you do something so silly! What would I do if you died?!” 
The moment he said those words, Li Shu spun her head around. At once, the man realized he had said something he shouldn’t have. 
He gulped anxiously. 
But that was enough to show what he was thinking. 
In his mind, even though he had given the company to Mo Xicheng, his son would always be Mo Zhi alone. 
Li Shu had initially softened when she saw Mo Zhi in such a state, but when Mo Hai said that, her heart toughened again at once. 
For her own son, for Mo Xicheng’s sake, she was determined to stay strong. 
Then, she heard Mo Zhi sobbing. 
He was sobbing sorrowfully and it made the ward seem even quieter. 
As he sobbed, he said, “Dad, I don’t feel that there’s any meaning in life anymore. Both you and Mom have abandoned me and I’ve been like this since young, incapable and with little ability. What’s the point of living?! Dad, why did you save me? I no longer want to be in this world, sob, sob, sob.” 
“So you kill yourself because you’re incapable?!” Mo Hai was livid. 
The boy hung his head and said, “I- I have no more money either!” 
Mo Hai was taken aback and said, “Didn’t I give you 500 000 when you left?” 
Mo Zhi started bawling when he heard Mo Hai’s words and replied, “Some friends I had came looking for me and laughed at me. The other day, someone took me out for a meal. He asked if I dared to go out. When I turned up, they got me drunk. When I woke up, there was no one in the private room and I was alone. Dad, do you know how much they spent that night? A million!”
###Chapter 1587: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (60) 
At this point, Mo Zhi hung his head shamefully and covered his eyes. 
He wailed, “The club has been coming after me for money these few days! I- I really am at a dead end. Dad, I know I was a rotten egg, but now I really don’t want to take anything from Mo Xicheng! So why is he turning Li Tianyu against me?” 
Li Tianyu and Shen Liangchuan were on extremely good terms. His father had married Shen Liangchuan’s mother. 
Hence, Li Tianyu and Shen Liangchuan had become in-laws. On the other hand, it was also a well-known fact that Shen Liangchuan and Mo Xicheng were good friends. 
With the mention of Li Tianyu, all arrows naturally pointed to Mo Xicheng. 
Standing just outside the door, Mo Xicheng raised an eyebrow. 
So all that crying and drama ultimately came down to this. 
Mo Xicheng smirked, finding the irony in this. 
In the past, Mo Hai had never believed that he had no interest in the family estate and would always assume that he was setting Mo Zhi up. 
And now that their actual status had been clarified, how would he behaven?.＆nbsp;
There really was no need to guess or hope, it was obvious. 
Indeed, the moment Mo Hai heard these words, his expression turned angry and ashamed. He looked at Mo Zhi and said after a pause, “Even if something like this happens, couldn’t you have come and looked for me?! I’m your father, how could I not care about your life?” 
At once, Mo Zhi started whimpering and sobbing loudly. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes. 
Then he pushed open the door and walked into the ward. 
When he stepped in, he saw that Mo Zhi was bawling his eyes out while clinging on to Mo Hai’s thighs. 
Li Shu was staring at the two men impassively. 
When Mo Hai noticed Mo Xicheng had entered the room, he paused. Suddenly, he felt terribly embarrassed and didn’t know what to say. 
If one were to say that Yao Lili had never treated Mo Xicheng kindly, then Mo Hai had treated him a notch worse. 
As though it wasn’t bad enough that he had frequently hit and scolded Mo Xicheng for the smallest things, whenever Li Shu had given him the cold shoulder, he had used to take it out on the boy. 
Hence, ever since Mo Xicheng’s status had been revealed, Mo Hai had felt too ashamed and guilty to look at the man. And this was only the second time they met each other since. 
Mo Xicheng did not speak. He only looked at Mo Zhi and asked, “What tricks are you up to this time?” 
Upon hearing those words, Mo Hai paused and looked at Mo Zhi questioningly. 
Mo Zhi’s pupils shrank back. Then he started crying again without saying a word. 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and said coldly, “The matter has blown up so much that reporters are hanging around the office. As if swapping babies incident wasn’t enough, now you’re creating a big suicide drama. Don’t you think that the company’s name has been ruined enough?” 
Mo Zhi choked on his tears and retorted, “I did not- I did not think the reporters would turn up. How could I know that the reporters were watching me closely since our real identities were revealed?!” 
Mo Xicheng’s lips curved into a mocking smile. 
He was about to say something when Mo Hai intervened. “Alright, we’ll just let this matter rest. Mo Zhi, from now on please behave!” 
Then he turned to look at Li Shu and Mo Xicheng, saying, “There are a few things I want to discuss with the two of you. Let’s do that outside so that we won’t disturb Mo Zhi’s rest.” 
After exchanging a look, Mo Xicheng and Li Shu nodded.
###Chapter 1588: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (61) 
The three of them walked out of the ward. Mo Hai shut the door behind them and pointed at the balcony. 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes at his considerate gesture towards Mo Zhi. 
On the balcony. 
Mo Hai lit his cigarette and took a deep puff. 
For a moment, the three of them stood there in silence. 
They looked at each other till Mo Hai finished his cigarette. Neither Mo Xicheng nor Li Shu wanted to be the first to speak. 
Mo Hai looked at Mo Xicheng and found himself developing a trace of admiration for this young man. 
He was adequately steady. 
He coughed softly and began, “Regarding Mo Zhi, I think I should hear what both your thoughts are.” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent. 
Li Shu, who had always been a calm person, was immediately furious. She demanded, “Mo Hai, what did you mean by that?! Do you really believe what Mo Zhi has said?! You think that Mo Xicheng has asked Li Tianyu to target Mo Zhi?!” 
If Mo Hai had misunderstood Li Shu herself, she wouldn’t have been this angry. But right now, it was her son who was being misunderstood and she was less tolerant. 
The moment she got worked up, Mo Hai became nervous and quickly said, “No, that’s not what I meant. Li Shu, calm down. Will you let me explain?!” 
Li Shu took a deep breath and said, “Go ahead.” 
Mo Hai continued, “Mo Zhi is truly incapable of survival by himself. Can I just take him home? He will live in the apartment that Yao Lili and Mo Xicheng used to live in. I will also not give him too much money in the future. Also, by doing this we can watch him closely and Mo Xicheng doesn’t have to worry, isn’t that right?” 
Upon hearing these words, Lishu choked with anger. 
She looked at Mo Hai with disappointment and gave the man a mocking smile. “Do whatever you want.” 
Mo Hai’s heart immediately leaped with joy, however, Li Shu continued, “If he wishes to stay under our roof, sure, he just has to do what Mo Xicheng did. Show his sincerity and convince me that he has no interest in the family business, otherwise…” 
Mo Hai asked eagerly, “And how should he show his sincerity?” 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes and replied, “He stole all of the company’s circulating capital, putting Mo Xicheng in a difficult position now. He has to compensate for the loss.” 
Mo Hai widened his eyes and said, “He’s poor now, how is he going to compensate?!” 
Li Shu laughed icily and remarked, “Didn’t he buy shares?” 
Looking troubled, Mo Hai answered, “Recently, the share price dropped to three dollars. He would lose too much, two-thirds of the original price. Sigh!” 
Li Shu cast her gaze down and said with an eerie calmness, “The company doesn’t have any circulating capital now and the stakeholders are not happy about it. Besides, we’re nearing the end of the month now and the workers have not been paid. If they turn up protesting with their banners, I’d like to see you explain the situation to the government! On top of this, Director Wang expects his funds by the end of the month. If we don’t transfer that money to him, then the company will have to bear an even larger penalty for breach of contract. These are all the problems that need income, go sort them out!” 
Mo Hai turned a deep scarlet as she called him to account. 
He cleared his throat and then replied, “I- I did say we could sell the house to get the money, didn’t I?” 
The woman narrowed her eyes as her head snapped up. “Sell the house? Whose house do you think you’re selling? That’s our joint asset as husband and wife. Have I agreed to sell the house?”n?e?. o
###Chapter 1589: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (62) 
Mo Hai was stunned by Li Shu’s dominance. He stammered, “But- but how are we going to get so much money without selling the house?” 
Li Shu continued with a scornful laugh. “I do not know. I only know that whatever belongs to my son must not be touched! As to where that money is going to come from, Mo Zhi was the one who signed the contract with the construction team after all. Although Mo Xicheng was the one who signed the contract with Director Wang, when the time comes and the company doesn’t have the funds, then someone has to take the responsibility. Gao Feng told me a few times that Mo Zhi was using the company funds for personal use. This could put him in jail! If we have no other way out of this, we will have to file a lawsuit against him!” 
Mo Hai was stunned by Li Shu’s harsh words. 
He looked at her with a shocked expression and said, “Li Shu, Mo Zhi is my son if nothing else. You—” 
“But I have only one son,” Li Shu interrupted him with this simple remark. 
Mo Hai was already full of anger about Mo Zhi’s matter, so now he could no longer contain his fury. He asked, “So what do you want now? Bring him to a dead end?! Would it benefit anyone if he really died?! I know the both of you are angry at him, but we’ve come to this, we’ve made him end up in the hospital, is that not enough?!” 
Li Shu widened her eyes. She was at once dumbfounded and livid. “We’ve made him attempt suicide? Did we force him?! That was him being foolish! Mo Hai, let me tell you this, going by the law, he’s the one at fault, not Mo Xicheng or myself!” 
The argument got louder gradually. 
After Li Shu made this heartrending remark, Mo Hai said in response, “Li Shu, there’s something I’ve wanted to say for a long time!” 
Narrowing her eyes, Li Shu said, “Go ahead.” 
“Li Shu, you’ve changed. Approximately twenty years ago, how did you treat Mo Xicheng? Now why can’t you accommodate Mo Zhi, who you’ve raised and watched grow up?! Even if he’s not your own son, do you really not care about him?” 
At this point, all the years of effort and hard work that he had put into winning back Li Shu turned into deep-seated grievance. 
He looked at the woman and continued, “Back then I was confused and what I did resulted in what we’ve become today. But think about it. All this time, have you ever put your heart into this child? Have you ever treated him like your own child?!” 
“Li Shu, in the past, you were always known for being an understanding and reasonable person. How did you become this cold-blooded?” 
Cold-blooded. 
Li Shu froze the moment she heard these words. 
She stood there, as though she had been electrocuted. 
Then she looked at Mo Hai in disbelief. 
When Mo Hai had this affair, she had taken it all in her stride. She had stifled her emotions no matter how sad and heartbroken she had felt. She had never argued with him the way they were arguing now. 
The both of them were flushed from the argument, yet all Li Shu could feel was how hideous a man Mo Hai was. 
She clenched her fists tightly as she glared at him, speechless from anger. Suddenly, a strong hand reached out to bring closer her trembling body and supported her by her arm. It was like a pillar of strength for her. 
She was taken aback. Turning her head around, she saw that Mo Xicheng was standing next to her. As she took in his tall and broad frame, her heart immediately calmed down. ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
He was like a tonic for her heart, relieving her grief and indignation.
###Chapter 1590: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (63) 
Mo Xicheng’s sudden gesture even stunned the exasperated Mo Hai, who did not dare to continue speaking. He could only stare speechlessly at the young man. 
Mo Xicheng went straight to the point and said to Mo Hai, “Believe it or not, I did not ask Li Tianyu to do such a thing. As for why Mo Zhi needs to pay up and is being pressured to clear his debt, that has got nothing to do with me.” 
He spoke very calmly, much like he was discussing business with a business partner. There were no emotions, only business interest and facts. 
Mo Hai looked at him and then asked, “And so?” 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and continued, “And so, it is his job to sort out the circulating capital issue. Otherwise, we’ll have to press charges and he could end up reuniting with his mother in jail.” 
Mo Hai choked and cried, “You- Mo Xicheng, no matter what, he’s your older brother- No, he’s your younger brother. Can’t you even give him a chance?” 
Mo Xicheng replied coldly, “Fine, since you want to give him a chance, I can give him another chance.” 
Immediately, Mo Hai shot back, “Go on.” . 
Mo Xicheng continued, “I will find a way to solve the issue of the circulating capital, but he has to let go of his shares in the Mo family business, as well as all the shares he bought with the company funds.” 
Mo Hai replied at once, “For sure, the shares were bought with company funds so they belong to the company. As for his part of the shares in the family business…” 
Mo Xicheng laughed icily and said, “He has only two options now. One, give back his part of the shares and I will sort out the debts—we can take it as if I’m buying his shares. Two, he can keep the shares and go to jail. You make the decision for him, and if you can’t, then you may discuss it with him.” 
Jail was not an option. Mo Hai said decisively, “Alright, you can have all the shares!” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and did not argue with Mo Hai further. With his arm around Li Shu, supporting her, they started walking away. 
Mo Hai looked at them from behind and then turned around to look at Mo Zhi’s ward. He stood there in a conundrum for a moment. Then he heard Mo Xicheng say to Li Shu, “Mom, where are you going? Let me take you.” 
Mo Hai halted. 
Mom. 
Oddly, he suddenly felt the desire to hear Mo Xicheng call him “dad.” 
However as quickly as this thought came, it left and Mo Zhi’s voice interrupted the moment, “Dad, Daddy.” 
Mo Hai quickly replied, “Coming!” 
He went back to Mo Zhi, explaining the deal. Finally, Mo Zhi was willing to sign the agreement and transfer all his shares. 
Taking the transfer agreement with him, Mo Hai left in a hurry. At this point, a vicious smile spread across Mo Zhi’s face. 
He had already known that Mo Xicheng and Li Shu would not let him off that easily. For sure, they were going to take away his shares, otherwise life would be hell for them. Besides, now that he didn’t have anything to his name, it would make him look even more pitiful. Given this, Mo Hai would surely not abandon him. 
And where the shares were concerned, they had already plunged to three dollars. He had heard news that the company was going broke. Mo Xicheng would now have to face a heavy loss and the problem of paying the construction team’s wages. 
Exchanging the shares for these things was definitely a worthwhile exercise. 
Ultimately, Mo Xicheng was losing out and left at a disadvantage. 
Even if he had now all the company’s shares, so what? Without circulating capital to save the company, the Mo family enterprise may possibly go bankrupt. 
What he couldn’t get for himself, he wasn’t going to let Mo Xicheng have either.
###Chapter 1591: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (64) 
As long as Mo Xicheng was at a disadvantage, he was happy. Even if he himself had nothing! 
A look of hatred grew in his eyes as this thought came to him. 
– 
Mo Xicheng supported the heartbroken Li Shu as they walked out of the ward. e?. cm
Although she had initially looked utterly disappointed and hopeless because of Mo Hai, Li Shu had been visibly shaken and touched since she had heard Mo Xicheng call her “mom.” 
She was grasping Mo Xicheng’s sleeves tightly and looking at him steadily, wishing he would call her one more time. At the same time, she found making such a request too embarrassing. 
Perhaps he had just been trying to comfort her
As this thought crossed her mind, she immediately shook her head and sighed. 
While she struggled with this thought, someone brought Mo Xicheng’s car to where they stood. Mo Xicheng walked to the backseat’s door and opened it for Li Shu, saying, “Get in, Mom.” 
Li Shu stood there in a daze. 
Ever since Mo Xicheng’s identity had been announced, this was the first few times he addressed her as such. 
She stared at this tall young man, who had grown to be much more than a boy. She found her eyes tearing up suddenly. 
Even though he had recovered his rightful position, she had never dared hope that Mo Xicheng would forgive her. Treating Mo Xicheng well was only something that she could do as his mother, to compensate for the motherly love that he had lacked since childhood. 
But now, as he addressed her as his own mother, Li Shu instantly felt an immense joy. 
She looked at Mo Xicheng and nodded firmly in acknowledgment. 
After getting into the car, Mo Xicheng walked over to the front passenger seat and entered as well. They headed towards the Mo family villa. 
Along the way, Mo Xicheng noticed through the rear view mirror that Li Shu looked as though she was in a daze. Probably, she was still furious about Mo Hai’s misjudgment. 
Mo Xicheng couldn’t help interrupting her, “Mom.” 
Stunned, Li Shu lifted her head to look at him. He reassured her, “No matter what your decision is, I will support you.” 
The woman was astonished by this remark. 
Since she had been a young mother, Mo Zhi would always cling to her legs and ask her, “Mama are you abandoning Daddy and I?” 
“Mama, other kids have their Papa and Mama to play with them. Why don’t you and Papa play with me?” 
“Mama, don’t be unhappy. I want to be with you and Papa.” 
Hence, for Mo Zhi’s sake, she had never successfully divorced Mo Hai. 
At this critical point, since Mo Xicheng was in the midst of taking over the Mo family business, she had been tolerating Mo Hai. Yet what was this young man telling her
That he would support her, no matter the decision she made
She was stunned. 
At the same time, she finally felt a mother-son relationship falling into place, for this was how a son should be towards his own mother. 
She pursed her lips tightly as she looked at the young man and nodded. 
The car entered the Mo family villa. 
Mo Xicheng glanced at the building and then turned around to look at Li Shu. He said to her, “If you wish to leave this place, I can take you away right now.” 
Li Shu’s eyes reddened upon hearing those words. 
Yes, she wished to leave. But not now. She would leave only after Mo Xicheng had taken everything that was rightfully his. 
Li Shu was firm in her conviction. She turned to look at Mo Xicheng and smiled as she said, “Wait here.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and thought that Li Shu was going upstairs to pack her belongings. But to his surprise, she came downstairs again after a short while. There was a little box in her hand. She walked to Mo Xicheng and held the little box out to him.
###Chapter 1592: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (65) 
Mo Xicheng was surprised as he looked at the little box. Then he gave her a questioning look. 
Li Shu looked back at him encouragingly. 
He raised an eyebrow and looked down again at the box with a puzzled expression. He opened the box and saw a credit card inside. 
His pupils shrank back and, when he looked up again, it was with an even more puzzled expression. 
Li Shu said after a long pause, “There’s about 50 million here. It was my wedding dowry and my earnings from all these years.” 
When Mo Xicheng heard this, he was immediately anxious and tried to return the box to her. 
Li Shu said, “Take this first to attend to the urgent matters. See if you’re able to solve the company’s financial issues. I know that this money won’t be enough, but it’s better than nothing.” 
Mo Xicheng was stunned and asked, “But what about your own future?” 
Li Shu laughed instantly and replied, “I’m still Mo Hai’s wife, are you afraid that I won’t have enough money to spend? I will never agree to selling the house. The property prices in Beijing are still fluctuating a lot and that land is a valuable asset that is quite priceless. If we sell it now to meet urgent needs with the thought of buying it later, I’m afraid we won’t be able to, even if we double the price. So unless we are at a dead end, we must not sell that house. I have another property in Beijing and I’ve already contacted an agent to take a look at it. I can earn 50 million with that, but the money will not come in immediately.” 
Mo Xicheng looked at Li Shu intently. 
For the first time, he felt the love and caring of a mother. 
The difference between Li Shu and Yao Lili was vast, his heart was ablaze. 
He lowered his head and looked at the credit card for a moment. He said to her, “Don’t worry, Mom. I’ll sort out the problems in the company.” 
Lishu nodded. 
He added, “I’ll use this money for now and will return it to you later on.” 
Li Shu smiled and replied, “I’m your mother. What’s mine is also yours. There’s no need to return anything.” 
What’s mine is also yours. 
In the past, Mo Xicheng had only ever heard Yao Lili say, “Whatever’s yours is mine.” He had never thought that his mother’s possessions could be his too. 
The corners of his mouth curved up. For the first time, he smiled. 
Li Shu looked at him and couldn’t help asking, “Xicheng, I have a question to ask you.” 
“Go ahead.” 
“Have you… ever hated me?” 
The man was taken aback for a moment and said, “Of course not.” 
Li Shu was surprised by the answer. 
Mo Xicheng said after a long pause, “Actually, when I was a child, among everyone in this house, you were the kindest to me. Although you always had a cold expression with me, I remember one time when I was hungry and sneaked into the kitchen to steal a piece of jujube cake, that you caught me in the act then. I thought I was going to be beaten, but you actually did nothing.” 
Li Shu suffered upon hearing these words. 
Here she was, afraid that Mo Xicheng would not forgive her, but in reality he had never resented her at all. 
She was overjoyed at this thought but following this, she was stunned again. eα. ?m
In all honesty, it hadn’t been that she was being kind to him, she simply had not told on him. But he had seen this as an act of kindness and had never forgotten it. It only showed how nasty Yao Lili had been with him. 
Li Shu’s expression turned determined. 
They couldn’t blame her for being cold-hearted with Mo Zhi now, for Yao Lili had treated Mo Xicheng ten thousand times worse than this. 
Hence, she would not feel any guilt for being cold and heartless towards Mo Zhi.
###Chapter 1593: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (66) 
Mo Xicheng left the Mo family home. 
As he stared at the credit card, he felt very thankful. 
He slipped the credit card into his pocket and drove home. 
On the way, he took out his phone and searched for Li Tianyu’s number. Upon locating the number, he dialed it. 
Li Tianyu picked up the call almost instantly. He sounded sleepy, “Who’s this? What’s up?” 
Mo Xicheng spoke, “It’s me.” 
“Who?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
“Mo Xicheng.” 
“What? Brother Mo?! Has the sun risen from the West today? Why are you calling me?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
Right after he had spoken, Shen Zihao’s voice was heard in the background, “Who’s that calling you so early in the morning? It’s annoying, don’t you know my wife’s pregnant and needs to sleep?!” n?e?. o
Li Tianyu lowered his voice and said, “Alright, it’s my fault. I’ll take the call on the balcony.” 
“Tsk, such a grown-up and you haven’t even moved out yet. What’s the point of coming to our place to hang out every day? I’m telling you, you’d better get a place of your own soon.” 
“Wherever my dad is, that’s my home too!” Li Tianyu retorted. 
Mo Xicheng: … 
It seemed like this had become a very common scenario since Shen Liangchuan’s mother had gotten married to Li Tianyu’s father. 
Fortunately, they had a large villa with many rooms, so it wasn’t as though the place felt overcrowded even with all of them in it. 
Mo Xicheng smiled helplessly. After a brief moment, Li Tianyu said, “Alright, I was just taking an afternoon nap. Brother Mo, what’s up?” 
Mo Xicheng started, “Did you meet Mo Zhi a few days ago?” 
“Mo Zhi?” Li Tianyu was a little stumped. “Who’s that?” 
Then suddenly he realized it. “Oh, I recall now. A few days ago some friends threw a party. Apparently, some silly rich second-generation illegitimate son was using the last bits of his money to buy everyone a meal, so all of us turned up. That fool, Mo Zhi, was really taken for a ride. He clearly had no money but acted like a tycoon. Hehe, since that was the case, I made the best out of the opportunity and ordered a whole lot of the best dishes.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded upon hearing this. 
He had already known that it hadn’t been as Mo Zhi said. He had only called Li Tianyu to find out the truth of what had happened. 
After he found out the truth, Mo Xicheng sighed in relief. 
When he got home, he sat on the sofa and contemplated how to resolve the company’s various issues. 
With the shortage of funds, besides taking a bank loan, there were very few other options. 
Even though he knew that he only had to ask, be it Shen Liangchuan or Shi Nianyao, and they would help him unconditionally, that wasn’t the way to do business. 
He hung his head at this thought. He had to think of other ways. 
As he contemplated this, he picked up his cell phone and started to examine the issue with the shares. 
After a moment, he suddenly widened his eyes. 
Because… 
The shares that Mo Zhi had transferred him had gone up by a dollar in a single day. 
Although they had initially dropped to three dollars, it was now four dollars. The increase was too large, he found it quite unbelievable. 
That company’s share price started inflating like a balloon. It didn’t only grow within the day, but it skyrocketed over the next few days to its previous high of ten dollars.
###Chapter 1594: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (67) 
This was a dramatic turn of events and shocked everyone in the Mo family business. 
Suddenly, everyone in the company started to use the nickname “God of Fortune” for Mo Xicheng. 
Not only did this solve the company’s financial issues, but the shares that Mo Zhi had bought even made some profits. 
Mo Zhi was still in the hospital when he heard this news. He was livid. 
He clutched his own chest tightly in an attempt to relieve the pain. It helped ever so slightly. 
As he lifted his head, he felt a great sense of regret for the first time for what he had chosen to do. 
If only he had not transferred the shares to Mo Xicheng, then right now, he would not only have 20 percent of the company’s shares, but on top of that, he would have the money from this other investment. There would have been absolutely no need for him to be in the hospital, pretending to be pitiful and trying to score sympathy points. 
At this thought, he felt an even sharper pain in his chest. 
No. 
He must not stay in the hospital. He had to think of a way. 
At this point, he saw that Mo Hai had come to visit him. He immediately grabbed the man’s sleeves and cried, “Dad, I want to be discharged!” 
Upon discharge, Mo Zhi was brought back to the Mo family villa. i?d. c?
This time, Li Shu said nothing in response to Mo Hai’s decision. 
Mo Hai had felt at first slightly guilty and had been afraid that Li Shu would disagree with him. But unexpectedly, Li Shu was acting as though she did not see Mo Zhi. Mo Hai sighed in relief when he saw this. 
He had thought that Li Shu was simply ignoring Mo Zhi, just like how she had ignored Yao Lili and Mo Xicheng during the years that they had lived under the same roof. 
But he couldn’t have imagined that at this point, Li Shu had already decided to file for a divorce. 
His repeated mistakes had taken Li Shu past the point of being able to forgive him. 
– 
Li Shu had decided to leave Mo Hai, hence she had ceased caring about anything related to those two men. 
She had initially meant to wait until Mo Xicheng got a better grasp of the business and stabilized the company before bringing up the divorce. 
But she hadn’t expected that before she could even do anything, Mo Zhi would make his move. 
On one particular day, Mo Hai had gone to work. 
Mo Zhi’s condition had improved and he could now walk outside. 
As Li Shu was upstairs in her room tidying her belongings, she heard a knock on the door. 
She paused and turned around. She saw Mo Zhi standing at the doorway, contemplating if he should enter the room. 
Frowning, Li Shu said icily, “This is not a space you can enter.” 
Mo Zhi did not leave and instead entered the room. He looked at Li Shu and sighed. “Mom, do you really no longer like me? Mom.” 
Li Shu took a step back to keep a distance from the man. 
Mo Zhi took another step towards her and reached out to grab her wrist. He continued, “Mom, even if I’m not your biological son, they say that love is stronger than any bloodline. You brought me up, I will never forget the gift you gave me. I will always show filial obedience to you, you know?” 
Li Shu shook off his hand and looked at him coldly. She asked, “What is it that you want from me, just say it.” 
The man sighed and continued, “No matter what, I’m dad’s son too. I want the company shares that were originally given to me. Mom, you should know that illegitimate children are allowed to be heirs too. Wouldn’t it be good if we could live together harmoniously?”
###Chapter 1595: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (68) nа. 
Li Shu smirked and turned to look at Mo Zhi. She said, “And in the past, did you ever think of getting along with Mo Xicheng harmoniously?” 
Mo Zhi fell into a sullen silence. 
Li Shu cast her gaze down and continued, “You didn’t. So why do I need to get along with you harmoniously?” 
Mo Zhi clenched his jaws tightly upon hearing this. He said, “Mom, why does our relationship have to degenerate to this point?” 
Li Shu kept silent. 
Mo Zhi suddenly laughed and said, “Well then, do you think Dad loves you more? Or loves me more?” 
Li Shu narrowed her eyes and lifted her head. “What do you mean by that?” 
The man sneered and said, “I didn’t mean anything. I was only asking a question.” 
Then he took a step back and walked out of the room. 
As Li Shu watched him leave, she frowned and felt a little uneasy. But unable to place a finger on anything specific, she continued tidying her belongings. 
As she was doing this, a thought suddenly struck her. Her pupils shrank back instantly and she hurriedly walked to the safe in her room. She opened it and discovered that, indeed, a jewelry case was missing. 
A jewelry case. 
Her pupils shrank as she recalled the dowry that her mother had given her on her wedding day. It was an extremely valuable jade bangle. 
That jade bangle held a special meaning for her, it was also the only thing that her mother had passed on to her before she died. All these years, she had treated the bangle like a treasure and had never handed it to anyone. 
Apart from herself, there was only one other person who knew the code to the safe: Mo Zhi. 
Even Mo Hai did not know the code. 
Hence, Mo Zhi must have taken the bangle! 
At the thought of this possibility, Li Shu dashed downstairs and went straight to Mo Zhi’s apartment. 
As she charged into the apartment, Mo Zhi was seated on the sofa, as though expecting her. 
She narrowed her eyes and said to him, “Mo Zhi, return the bangle to me!” 
Mo Zhi raised an eyebrow and gave Li Shu a half-smile as he asked, “What bangle are you talking about?” 
Li Shu heaved in anger and replied, “You know what I’m talking about. I’m asking you, what do you want exactly?!” 
Had he stolen the bangle so that she would give him 20 percent of the Mo family business’ shares like he wanted
How was that possible?! 
Li Shu wasn’t a fool. 
But if it wasn’t for that purpose, then what
As she asked herself this question, she caught him looking at his wardrobe. 
Without thinking, she ran to the wardrobe and opened it, emptying its content one piece at a time. 
Now Mo Zhi’s clothes were strewn all over the bed, the floor and everywhere, but the bangle was nowhere to be found. 
Li Shu turned around. Mo Zhi was still sitting on the sofa. He was calm and composed as he looked back at her. 
She walked up to him and asked, “Tell me, where is my bangle?!” 
In response to this, the man slowly reached into his pocket and took out a bangle. 
When she saw the bangle, she reached out for it. 
But Mo Zhi was faster. In a flash, he moved the bangle away from her. 
He looked up at Li Shu and said, “You care about this bangle a lot? I know this was given to you by your mother and it has a special meaning for you. So you want me to return it to you?” 
Li Shu nodded immediately. 
Mo Zhi extended his hand and Li Shu reached out for the bangle once more. 
But just as she was about to touch it, Mo Zhi released it. The bangle fell on the ground with a loud thud.
###Chapter 1596: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (69) 
Li Shu froze. 
She looked down at the jade bangle in disbelief. 
It was a fragile item. The moment it fell on the ground, it shattered. 
Li Shu’s pupils shrank back and her head snapped up. She glared at Mo Zhi fiercely. 
Mo Zhi smiled as he said, “Now are you sad? If you’re sad, then I’m happy.” 
Upon hearing this, Li Shu no longer held herself back. She raised her hand. 
Bam! 
A vicious slap landed across Mo Zhi’s face. 
The force of the slap threw his head to the side. He spat a mouthful of blood and looked up to glance at Li Shu. Following this, he threw himself on the ground and landed on the shattered bits. 
As he pressed his hands against the shattered jade, they started to bleed. 
His actions shocked Li Shu. At this point, Mo Zhi, who had been just a minute ago very smug and arrogant, suddenly burst into tears and cried out, “Mom, why are you treating me like this?” 
Li Shu was stunned. Almost immediately, a voice came from the doorway, “What is going on?” 
Li Shu’s body stiffened. She turned around and saw Mo Hai walking in. 
Mo Hai’s pupils shrank back at once when he saw the scene before him. 
Immediately, he dashed up to Mo Zhi and helped the man up from the ground. He noticed the blood on Mo Zhi’s hands and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Turning to Li Shu, he started, “He hasn’t recovered yet, you-” 
When he saw the cold expression on Li Shu’s face, he stopped short and did not dare continue. He helped Li Shu to the sofa. Then he took the first aid kit and said, “Come, let me help you with the shards.” 
As he was about to tend to the fragments, Mo Zhi suddenly embraced the man’s waist and, ignoring everything else, he started sobbing. “Dad, Dad, Dad, it wasn’t me. Mom wanted me to leave and slandered me. Dad, you have to protect me. I don’t wish to live anymore. What is the point of living? Mom accuses me of being a thief. How am I going to face the world?” 
Mo Hai was taken aback upon hearing these words and asked, “What happened?” 
Li Shu kept silent and looked at Mo Hai, suddenly feeling that everything was such a joke. Her heart grew cold. 
Then she looked at the two men before her. 
Mo Zhi was now bawling. “Mom said she lost her jade bangle and came to search my apartment. When she couldn’t find it, she took out this bangle and threw it on the ground. Sob, sob. Mom, this was a gift from Grandma, how could you trash it just like that? Mom, just because you want me to leave? Fine, I’ll leave, I’ll leave.” 
Li Shu couldn’t help smirking and said to the man, “Leave? Well then, go!” 
Mo Zhi paused upon hearing this. He threw a quick glance at Mo Hai, gritted his teeth and stood up to leave. 
He took a step and then another. And as he got to the doorway, Mo Hai hollered angrily, “That’s enough!” 
Mo Zhi halted and turned around. He saw that Mo Hai was frowning with a troubled and hesitant expression on his face. 
Mo Zhi’s eyes flashed and he immediately pretended to faint. He collapsed on the ground. 
Mo Hai dashed towards him without a second thought when he saw this. When he dashed past Li Shu, he accidentally knocked her and made her lose balance, so she fell on the ground. In an attempt to stop the fall, her hands landed on the shards. 
The sharp fragments cut into her skin. 
Right about this time, a tall and broad silhouette suddenly appeared at the doorway. A voice asked, “What’s going on here?” 
The obstinate Li Shu suddenly teared up when she heard Mo Xicheng’s voice.
###Chapter 1597: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (70) 
In the beginning, Mo Xicheng hadn’t planned to return home. 
But after recalling that Li Shu hadn’t brought him lunch for the past two days, he had decided to visit her at Mo family house after work. 
Little would he have expected that he would encounter such a scene upon arrival. 
Li Shu was lying on the floor and both of her hands were pressing against the glass shards— blood was flowing out from them. 
His pupils shrank and he hurriedly walked to Li Shu’s side and held both of her hands. “Mom, what happened to you?” 
Li Shu bit her lips and remained silent. 
Mo Xicheng instantly lifted his head up and looked at Mo Hai. 
Mo Hai was helping Mo Zhi, who had fainted, and when he saw the situation, his gaze fell on Li Shu’s hands. 
He wanted to rush over to see what had happened to Li Shu, but he was also worried about Mo Zhi, who had fainted. 
He hurriedly turned his head and looked at Mo Zhi. He couldn’t leave him on the side and not bother about him, but at the same time he couldn’t leave Li Shu in the lurch either. Consequently, he was stunned on the spot, lost as to what to do. 
However, Mo Xicheng had already carried Li Shu, walked around Mo Hai and out of the house. 
Mo Hai wanted to chase him but when he took a step forward to go out, he saw that Mo Xicheng had already left quickly and entered the car outside. “Mom, don’t be worried. I’ll take you to the hospital to clean your wound.” 
The glass shards had sunk into her hands, so she definitely needed the doctor to remove them. 
Li Shu didn’t speak, her expression was cold and she was stern and silent. 
Seeing the state Li Shu was in, Mo Xicheng’s heart hurt slightly. . 
He drove Li Shu quickly to the hospital. 
Leaving Mo Hai, who was carrying Mo Zhi on their original spot. 
Only when the car was far gone, Mo Hai reacted and hurriedly shouted, “Call 101!” 
The butler walked over and Mo Hai instantly gave him Mo Zhi. Then he hurriedly got in the car and drove after them. 
– 
At the hospital. 
The nurse helped Li Shu clean her wound and after it was bandaged, she nagged, “You must not touch water for at least three days, or it might get infected. Other than that, everything is fine and the shards have all been cleaned, don’t worry.” 
Li Shu didn’t speak, so Mo Xicheng nodded on her behalf. Then he helped Li Shu walk out. 
At the door, he saw Mo Hai run inside, panting. When he looked at Li Shu, he instantly panicked and asked, “Li Shu, how’s your hand? Is it ok?” 
Li Shu’s pupils shrank and she stared at Mo Hai. After a while, she sneered but didn’t speak. 
Mo Hai grabbed her hand and said, “Let me take a look, it must not leave a scar.” 
Li Shu wanted to take her hand back, but Mo Hai didn’t allow her to. As both of them were tugging, Mo Xicheng suddenly reached out and pressed Mo Hai’s wrist. “Let go of her.” 
Mo Hai was shocked. He lifted his head up and, when he saw Mo Xicheng, he was slightly stunned. 
He hadn’t realized that Mo Xicheng had unknowingly grown half a head taller than him. 
His face, which was somehow similar to Mo Hai, was really cold and very stern. 
His look caused Mo Hai to release his grip unknowingly. 
Then he saw Mo Xicheng pull Li Shu behind him and shield her. 
Mo Xicheng stared at Mo Hai and said, “Please move away.” 
Mo Hai was angered as he shouted, “I’m your father!” 
When Mo Xicheng heard these words, he lowered his eyelids and said, “I thought that I only have a mother. No one can hurt her.”
###Chapter 1598: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (71) 
His large frame covered Li Shu and, the moment she heard his words, her eyes instantly reddened. 
She stared at the broad back of Mo Xicheng. She sobbed, wanting to say something but unsure of what to say. 
She had never expected her children to repay her for bringing them up. 
But little did she expect that one day, Mo Xicheng would be shielding her, protecting her and speaking up for her. 
Li Shu lowered her eyes to block the tears. She tried her best to take deep breaths before she was able to stop her urge to cry. 
Her son had grown up and he could protect her now. 
As the thought emerged, she saw Mo Hai react. He instantly looked at Mo Xicheng and shouted, “Move away, I have things to speak to your mother about.” 
“She doesn’t want to talk to you.” 
“You- This is between us, husband and wife, don’t you know?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his eyes and said, “I only know that my mom doesn’t want to talk to you.” 
Mo Hai: … 
Mo Hai stared at Mo Xicheng. He wanted to be angry but he didn’t know what to say. 
He could only look at Li Shu and ask, “Li Shu, let’s talk. Let’s have a good conversation, ok?” 
Mo Xicheng didn’t speak and instead, he turned his head to look at Li Shu. 
Li Shu kept silent. 
Just at this moment, the butler rushed into the emergency room after the supposedly unconscious Mo Zhi. 
Just as Mo Xicheng turned his head, from an angle that no one could notice, he saw Mo Zhi open his eyes and give him a nonchalant look. 
That glance was full of sarcasm and Mo Xicheng’s iris instantly swelled. 
He suddenly looked at Li Shu and said, “Mom, give me a moment.” 
Lishu nodded. 
Mo Xicheng then turned his head and walked to the butler and Mo Zhi. 
At that present moment, Mo Zhi was lying on the stretcher of the hospital. Mo Hai and the butler also had no idea what Mo Xicheng wanted to do. 
Everyone watched Mo Xicheng turn his head and look to the side. He suddenly saw a glass cup on the side. 
Then he picked up the glass cup. 
He waved his hand and smashed the glass cup on the stretcher. 
After that, he grabbed Mo Zhi’s hand and pressed it violently against the glass shreds. 
His actions were too fast and no one in his surroundings had expected him to do that. 
“Ah ah!” 
Mo Zhi was in such pain he could no longer put on his act. He sat up instantly and pulled his hand back. 
And at that moment, Mo Hai finally reacted. He took two quick steps forwards and stood in front of Mo Xicheng. “Mo Xicheng, what are you doing?!” 
Mo Xicheng stared at Mo Hai and then at Mo Zhi. He then spoke, “Doing what I should be doing.” 
Mo Hai froze. 
Mo Xicheng, on the other hand, lowered his head and patted his hands lightly. 
For years, he had been suppressing his real self. Every time Mo Zhi had bullied him, he would always tell himself not to lower to his standards and pick a fight. 
But at that moment, he was the real young master of the Mo family and the two people who were indebted to the Mo Family and Li Shu were Mo Zhi and Yao Lili. 
Thus, why should he still bear the anger and give in
He wanted to behave like the young master of the Mo Family. 
If anyone dared to harass Li Shu, he would return the favor. 
If anyone dared to harass Shi Nianyao, he would use all his life to fight the person. 
After Mo Hai heard his aggressive words, he was instantly stunned. He stared at Mo Xicheng in a daze and watched him turn his head, support Li Shu by her arm and say, “Mom, let’s go.”
###Chapter 1599 iea.＆nbsp;
Chapter 1599: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (72) 
Li Shu nodded her head and followed Mo Xicheng out. 
Li Shu’s injury wasn’t severe, so she could leave the hospital after her hand was bandaged. After they left the hospital, Mo Xicheng stared at Li Shu and asked, “Now, do you want to go to my place?” 
Li Shu was taken aback as she turned her head to look at him. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head and coughed. “When I wake up in the morning, there isn’t anyone to make breakfast for me and when I return home at night, there also isn’t anyone to make dinner.” 
Although he said that, Li Shu instantly understood the reason why he wanted her to go to his place. 
It was because of how Mo Hai had treated her, Mo Xicheng didn’t want her to return to the Mo family. 
If he didn’t want her to return, then she shall not. 
As she thought so, Li Shu nodded. 
Mo Xicheng drove Li Shu back to his own villa. 
Li Shu alighted from the car and looked at this unfamiliar place. She felt the urge to cry. 
This was the house her biological son had used his own money to buy. Although it was a lot smaller than the Mo family’s house, it made her feel homely and warm inside. 
She followed Mo Xicheng into the house. Mo Xicheng pointed at a bedroom upstairs and said, “That is your room.” 
Li Shu nodded. 
Mo Xicheng looked at her hand and continued, “Go take some rest and tell me if you need anything in the room. I ordered some things for you too. I’ll make you some porridge now.” 
After he said so, he walked into the kitchen. 
Li Shu looked around the first floor for a while before going upstairs. 
As it was a small villa, there were only three rooms upstairs. 
One was the master bedroom with a restroom and the two others were both guest rooms. 
Logically, the house should be modelled so that the two other guest rooms don’t have attached restrooms, but when Li Shu had walked into the room prepared for her, she was instantly stunned. 
She had been to this house before. Although she hadn’t gone upstairs then, she could imagine how the layout had used to be. 
She realized that Mo Xicheng had linked the guest room with the restroom and had knocked down the walls between the two guest rooms to form a large room. 
The room was really big. 
On one side was her bed. All the items on the bed were from her favorite brands. 
On the other side was a bookshelf with a few books, and before the bookshelf was a study table. 
The whole room looked exceptionally comfortable and pleasant. 
Li Shu stared at the room and felt really touched. 
Mo Xicheng must have started preparing after he had seen that she wasn’t really happy in the Mo family. 
So there was a room that belonged to her in this house. 
Li Shu’s lips curved into a smile. 
She lay on the bed and rested for a while. After some time, someone knocked on her room door and Mo Xicheng’s voice followed, “Are you ready? The porridge is cooked, come eat something before you keep resting.” 
Li Shu instantly stood up, walked to the door and opened it, saying, “Ok.” 
She followed Mo Xicheng downstairs to the dining room and ate the porridge. 
After finishing, she had meant to go upstairs but Mo Xicheng’s cell phone suddenly rang. 
At first, Li Shu didn’t think it was much, but after seeing that it was Mo Hai’ number on Mo Xicheng’s screen, she stopped in her tracks. 
Mo Xicheng placed the bowl in the kitchen, as there was a part time employee who would help him clean it tomorrow. Then he walked out, wiped his hands and walked to the phone to pick it up in no hurry. 
Once the call connected, Mo Hai’s voice sounded from the other end of the line, “Mo Xicheng, where did you hide your mother?!” 
His tone was harsh and berating. It caused Li Shu’s pupils to shrink and she sneered.
###Chapter 1600: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (73) 
Mo Xicheng plainly spoke, “What does it have to do with you?” 
Seeing his expression, Li Shu couldn’t resist but suddenly curve her lips. 
She didn’t know why, but she felt obscurely delighted by how Mo Xicheng was angering someone else with such a nonchalant attitude. 
Mo Hai was indeed furious. “What kind of bastard things are you saying? Let me tell you, your mom is my wife! She’s my legal wife! According to the law, she is the closest to me. Tell me, is your mom at your place?! Open the door, I’m outside your house!” 
After he said so, there was a honk from a car outside the villa. 
Mo Xicheng was slightly stunned and he looked out of the door when he reached the doorstep. He realized that there was a car outside his door and honking. 
Mo Xicheng thought for a while and then turned back to look at Li Shu. 
Li Shu said, “Let him in.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
He just hung up the phone, walked to the doorstep and opened the gates. 
Mo Hai then drove his car in. 
He parked his car outside, got out and looked at Mo Xicheng. He instantly frowned and wanted to speak. However, when he turned his head and saw Li Shu, he kept silent. 
He walked to Li Shu with a sunken face and said, “Return home with me.” 
Li Shu raised her eyebrows. 
Mo Hai sighed. “I understand your hatred for Yao Lili and your guilt towards Mo Xicheng. I wouldn’t blame you for what happened today.” 
Blame her
Li Shu was so furious she almost laughed. 
She stared at Mo Hai. Even if he didn’t blame her for what had happened today, she would blame him. 
She just sneered and said, “Oh, so do I have to thank you then?!” 
Her sarcastic tone caused Mo Hai to break down as he shouted, “Li Shu!” 
Li Shu stared at him and said, “I’m here, you don’t have to talk so loudly.” 
Mo Hai took in a deep breath and said, “I’ve said before that I understand what you’re doing, I really understand. I won’t blame you. But Mo Zhi is the most innocent one of this whole situation. Even if he has done something wrong, it’s just that he was just trying to hide the truth. But now he has realized his mistake. I understand if you cannot take what he’s done and release your anger on him, so can you stop creating a fuss and return home with me.” 
Li Shu lowered her gaze. 
A sneer and bitter laugh flashed through her heart. 
Yes, Mo Zhi was the most pitiful and innocent one. 
Then what about her son? What about Mo Xicheng
Did he see the injustice Mo Xicheng had had to go through?! 
She didn’t speak, so Mo Hai tried to grab her. 
Mo Xicheng took a step forward and shielded Li Shu. n?eа. o
Mo Hai couldn’t take it anymore, he shouted at Mo Xicheng, “What are you doing? I know you’re the one who suffered the most injustice in the family, so I won’t pursue what you’ve done to Mo Zhi today. But Mo Xicheng, let me tell you, don’t think that you can act as you please just because you have become the young master of the Mo family! I’m your father and he is your younger brother. You must never do again what you did today!” 
His lecturing tone caused Mo Xicheng to frown with disgust. 
He wanted to speak, but when he opened his mouth, someone grabbed his arm. 
Mo Xicheng was shocked and when he turned his head around, he saw Li Shu take a step forward in front of him. She stared at Mo Hai and said slowly, “Mo Hai, let’s get a divorce.”

###Chapter 1601: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (74) 
Mo Hai was stunned on the spot. 
He stared at Li Shu in disbelief. 
He didn’t understand. It was actually Li Shu who had attacked Mo Zhi. She was the one that had been too scared to return home because of that and had hidden here. It was Mo Xicheng who had deliberately hurt Mo Zhi with the glass bottle, but why did it seem like they were in the right
Besides that, why was Li Shu talking about divorce once again
How could she divorce him
Mo Hai stared at her and suddenly laughed. “Li Shu, stop joking around. I won’t mention what happened today again, I won’t mention it, ok?” 
Li Shu stared at him coldly. 
Looking at Li Shu’s gaze, Mo Hai started really panicking in his heart. He completely didn’t dare to look at her. He turned his head, looked around and said, “Li Shu, follow me home. The house cannot be without you. What was that piece of jewelry you liked? Heart of the Ocean? Let’s purchase it, ok?” 
Li Shu’s tone was still really stubborn. “Mo Hai, please face my problems seriously. Let’s get a divorce.” 
“Li Shu, I remember that you like an online novel of some person named Prince. I have bought you the published book, Because of Love. It is arriving today.” 
Li Shu sighed resignedly. “Stop changing the topic, I—” 
“What else do you like? I will buy it for you. Or what else do you want me to do? I will do it.” 
Li Shu kept silent for a moment before speaking again, “You should just leave. I will get my lawyer to contact you tomorrow.” 
Mo Hai became anxious. “I will not divorce you!” 
Li Shu just spoke directly, “We have already been physically separated for more than twenty years. If you don’t agree, I will ask my lawyer to apply for a contested divorce and it will also be approved.” 
Mo Hai was shocked. He stared at Li Shu and said, “But- but why?” 
Why
Right, why
Li Shu looked at Mo Hai and she also wanted to ask him why. 
When they were young, they had gone through so many tests to be finally together, so why were they in such a situation now
She bit her lip. She didn’t feel upset, she felt disappointed and frustrated. 
After more than twenty years of marriage, they were finally on their way to becoming strangers. 
It seemed like such a joke that she hadn’t divorced Mo Hai after so many years and had persisted by his side. 
She had used her youth and half of her life to reunite with her son. 
What other reason did she have not to pursue her happiness nowin?α. C?
As she thought so, Li Shu laughed. She didn’t speak, she only turned around and made her way upstairs. 
“Li Shu, don’t leave, make things clear with me!” 
Mo Hai shouted and tried to grab her, but he was stopped by Mo Xicheng, who stood on his way. 
Mo Hai wanted to push Mo Xicheng away. “Move away, I want to clear things out with her! I already said that I won’t pursue her mistakes, why is she still so stubborn?! Li Shu! You have been stubborn your whole life, you’re already getting old, why are you still the same?” 
But Li Shu didn’t bother about him. She just went up the stairs and entered her bedroom. 
Mo Hai was screaming and shouting in the living room and he spoke a lot. 
But there was still no movement from upstairs. 
Mo Hai at the end looked at Mo Xicheng, who was standing at the top of the stairs, and pointed at him. Then he turned around and said, “Li Shu, I will definitely not divorce you!”
###Chapter 1602: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (75) 
After Mo Hai had said that, he turned around and left in anger. 
On the second floor, Li Shu was standing in the bedroom. She was looking through the window, watching Mo Hai leave. 
She didn’t know when that enthusiastic and high-spirited youth had become an uncle that disgusted others. 
Li Shu laughed bitterly, lowered her eyes and sighed. 
– 
Mo Hai drove out of the villa but he didn’t leave. Instead, he stopped his car outside, turned off the engine and stared at the second floor of the villa. 
He stared, not understanding how things had turned into this state. 
Li Shu really looked like she wanted to divorce him, it didn’t seem fake. 
She was determined to divorce him. 
Mo Hai lowered his head and covered his head in frustration. 
He wasn’t a person without feelings. Since he had thought Mo Zhi to be Li Shu’s son, he had been exceptionally biased towards him. He had personally watched Mo Zhi grow up, thus he had feelings for Mo Zhi that couldn’t be put aside easily. He had been looking forward to Mo Zhi growing up since young and he had had high hopes for him. 
Now, even if Mo Zhi wasn’t Li Shu’s son, the feelings and the bond that had formed between them from living with each other for the past twenty years wasn’t fake, it was not something that could easily be placed aside. 
So why did Li Shu want to force him
Must he make a clean break with Mo Zhi
She hadn’t raised him, so she couldn’t understand the happiness and feeling of success from watching him grow up from a baby to an adult. 
As he thought so, he lowered his head and took in a deep breath. 
He didn’t know when, but the lights on the second floor had turned off. 
Mo Hai then sighed and drove home. 
He parked the car outside, got out of it and walked towards his room listlessly. 
Just as he opened the door of the guest room, he saw Mo Zhi sitting on the sofa. When Mo Zhi heard the sound of the door opening, he stood up immediately and looked at Mo Zhi. 
Mo Hai was slightly stunned and he asked, “Why haven’t you gone to bed?” 
Mo Zhi instantly replied, “Dad, I- I’m scared.” 
Mo Hai’s gaze landed on his hands. Both of his hands were wrapped up in bandages and they looked really pitiful. 
At that moment, he looked like a child who was scared to be abandoned. His look softened Mo Hai’s heart. 
Mo Hai sighed and said, “Everything is alright.” 
Mo Zhi stared at him. “Dad, I know Mom hates Yao Lili, which means she hates me as well. I really learned my mistake, I’m scared. I’m very scared. I don’t know why Mom would do something like that. She can just tell me if she hates me, you won’t reject her anyway. Why is she trying to put me in trouble? Dad, will you chase me away? If I leave, I don’t know what I can do and I don’t know how to survive on my own.” 
As Mo Zhi spoke, he lowered his head and his eyes reddened. 
Seeing his look, Mo Hai patted his shoulder and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t bother you.” 
Mo Zhi nodded. 
Mo Hai then coaxed him. “Be obedient, go and sleep.” 
After Mo Zhi heard what he had said, something flashed across his eyes and he looked up. 
In the past, he had always stayed upstairs, but he had now been chased to the servant’s room downstairs. He wondered if Mo Hai would speak up and allow him to return upstairs tonight. 
Li Shu wasn’t home anyway and without Mo Xicheng, it was an area where everyone had to listen to Mo Hai’s instructions. 
As he thought so, Mo Zhi stared at Mo Hai. However, he realized that Mo Hai had completely no intention of saying anything. 
Mo Zhi could only frown and walk to the room he was staying in.
###Chapter 1603: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (76) 
Mo Hai only went upstairs after watching him enter his room. 
But just as he sat down in the study, there was a knock on the door. 
Mo Hai frowned and looked at the time. It was already 3 a.m. in the morning, why was there still someone awake
He spoke, “Come in.” 
The room door was pushed open and someone walked in. It was the housekeeper. 
Mo Hai was stunned. “What’s wrong?” 
That young housekeeper stammered, “I- I- erm- I-” 
Mo Hai lost his patience. He just stared at that young housekeeper and said, “Just say what you want to and leave!” 
The young housekeeper was so frightened by Mo Hai that she was about to cry. She said, “Mr. Mo, I- I just want to tell you that I saw Mo Zhi enter Madam’s room today. And Madam went to look for Mo Zhi angrily. I was worried and followed Madam. I saw Mo Zhi take the bangle and crash it on the floor. Then, I saw Madam full of sadness and she slapped Mo Zhi, and after that, you came.” 
She stammered through her words but Mo Hai instantly understood what she meant. 
He stood up from the sofa instantly and stared at the young housekeeper in shock. “What- what did you say?” 
The young housekeeper replied, “That was what had happened. Mo Zhi attacked Madam first, it wasn’t Madam who attacked him. Sir, you misunderstood Madam!” 
Her words exploded in Mo Hai’s ears as if they were a bomb. 
It made him stand rooted to the ground, stunned. 
He had misunderstood Li Shu
He had misunderstood Li Shu. 
How could he have misunderstood Li Shu
But if he had misunderstood Li Shu, why hadn’t she explained herself at all
As long as she had wanted to explain to him, he would have definitely listened to her. 
The moment Mo Hai thought so, he froze suddenly. He understood why. 
She hadn’t explained it because she was completely disappointed in him. Hence, she had chosen not to say anything and only proposed the divorce. As for why Mo Xicheng had done that to Mo Zhi, he understood it even more since he now knew that Mo Xicheng had been taking revenge for Li Shu. 
Hence… i?r． ?m
The people in the wrong today hadn’t been Li Shu and Mo Xicheng, it was him, Mo Hai. He hadn’t believed his own wife and son and had gotten tricked by Mo Zhi. No wonder, no wonder Li Shu had looked at him in that way and asked for divorce. 
Li Shu was definitely not going to forgive him after he had made such a mistake. 
Unless… 
His pupils shrank and he rushed out as he said to the young housekeeper, “Come out with me!’ 
He went downstairs in anger and knocked hard on the door of the room Mo Zhi was staying in. 
After a while, Mo Zhi’s voice was heard. “Who’s there?” 
“Me! Open the door!” 
“Dad?” Mo Zhi asked in confusion. “Why are you here? I was already asleep.” 
“Mo Zhi, open the door!” Mo Hai wished he could kick the door open. 
“Ok, wait a moment.” 
After a while, he heard the sound of the door opening from inside. Before the door was fully opened, Mo Hai kicked it hard and walked in. 
Mo Zhi was half awake as he stared at Mo Hai. “Dad, what’s wrong? It’s already so late.” 
After he said so, Mo Hai grabbed his shirt collar. “Tell me, were you the one that targeted your mother, or was it your mother who had targeted you?!” 
Mo Zhi was stunned as he replied, “Dad, what are you talking about? Of course—” 
Before he could finish speaking, he was interrupted by Mo Hai, “Someone witnessed the dispute between both of you. Mo Zhi, do you still want to lie?!”
###Chapter 1604: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (77) 
Mo Zhi’s pupils shrank back and he said, “Dad, that’s impossible!” 
“Why is it impossible?!” 
He turned to the junior housekeeper and commanded, “Speak up!” 
The junior housekeeper repeated what she had said in Mo Hai’s study. 
Mo Zhi was furious to hear this and said, “Dad, this is Mom’s housekeeper, of course she would take Mom’s side. How could you believe her? Maybe she’s lying and plotting with Mom.” 
Mo Hai hesitated upon hearing this. He looked at Mo Zhi, almost believing what the man said. 
At this point, the junior housekeeper said weakly, “No, I didn’t- I—” 
“What are you talking about? Do you have proof? Just based on your words, who do you think will believe you?!” Mo Zhi berated her. He looked at Mo Hai and said, “Dad, you have to believe me! I’m your son, don’t you know me well enough? This person was sent by Mom!! Otherwise, why would she be here at this hour?” 
As he said this, he glanced at the junior housekeeper, suddenly realizing something. He shouted, “Dad, look, it’s her! Mom hired and gave this housekeeper a high salary because her family is poor. She needed a large amount of money for her brother to go to the university, so Mom separately gave her an advanced payment. She’s Mom’s loyal housekeeper, how can you believe her words?!” 
Mo Hai hesitated when he heard Mo Zhi’s excuse. He slowly relaxed his grip on Mo Zhi’s hand, turned to the junior housekeeper and asked her, “Whatever you saw, tell us, are there any other witnesses?” n?e?. Co
The junior housekeeper looked at Mo Zhi and shook her head, saying, “No.” 
Mo Zhi was relieved to hear this. 
It was good that no one else had seen what had happened, so that he could continue insisting that it wasn’t as the junior housekeeper said, so that he could continue lying and deceiving Mo Hai. 
He immediately pointed at the junior housekeeper and said, “Dad, look, this person is a liar. I’m not the sort of person she says I am. Don’t you know me? Dad, you have to believe me, it was really not like she said.” 
Mo Hai began to hesitate. 
The junior housekeeper became anxious and said, “Sir, I’m telling the truth. It’s true, it’s true! I did—” 
“Shush! What position do you hold in this household? Why were you loitering outside my room? Don’t you dare lie just to be loyal to your employer!” 
Mo Hai nodded in agreement and said, “That’s right, don’t speak nonsense!” 
The junior housekeeper started to panic. “I am not speaking nonsense! I have proof!” 
Mo Hai and Mo Zhi were instantly stunned. 
They both looked at the junior housekeeper. Her eyes reddened as she timidly took out her cell phone and said, “I felt there was something wrong when it happened and didn’t know what Mo Zhi was trying to do So, after Madam entered Mo Zhi’s room and was out of the range of the surveillance cameras, I used my phone to record what was happening.” 
Mo Zhi’s eyes immediately widened in horror upon hearing this. 
Mo Hai, on the other hand, looked at the junior housekeeper in astonishment as she held out her cell phone with quivering hands. On the screen, the scene between Mo Zhi and Li Shu was playing. 
Mo Hai was stunned. 
He looked at Mo Zhi in disbelief. 
When Mo Zhi saw his ferocious stare, he gestured with his hands and retreated. “Dad- Dad- it’s not like what you see there. Dad—” 
Before he could finish what he was saying, Mo Hai had lifted his hand. His fist came swinging down and landed squarely on Mo Zhi’s face.
###Chapter 1605: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (78) 
Bam! Mo Hai’s fist struck Mo Zhi’s face, causing his head to snap to the side. 
Following this, he spat out a mouthful of blood, and among the bloody mess was a tooth. One could only imagine the force of Mo Hai’s punch. 
Mo Zhi picked himself up from the ground. He looked at Mo Hai and was greeted by the man’s bloodshot eyes. 
He was furious. 
He had never thought that Mo Zhi would lie to him. 
Then he thought of the look in Li Shu’s eyes earlier on and suddenly he felt an inexplicable guilt and regret. 
Why on earth had he said those things to her
Li Shu must have been utterly shattered and disappointed to have suggested a divorce. 
Surely, the woman had lost all hope in him. 
Mo Hai stumbled backwards at this thought. Without another glance at Mo Zhi, he dashed out the door. 
He started the car and drove away, speeding towards Mo Xicheng’s villa. 
Along the way, he was frantic and anxious, wishing he could see Li Shu immediately to tell her that he had misunderstood. He wanted to tell her it was his mistake and wanted her to come back to him. 
However, when he actually arrived at the villa entrance, Mo Hai slammed on the brakes and pulled the car to a hard stop by the roadside. Through the windows, he saw that Li Shu’s room was dark. 
She must have gone to bed. 
He did not know if he should disturb her and, even less, whether the woman would forgive him after he had seen her and clarified what he needed to. 
He immediately hung his head at these thoughts, feeling both nervous and in a conundrum. 
Suddenly, he was overcome by fear. If Li Shu refused to forgive him… 
For the first time, the man did not know what to do. 
No, this wasn’t really the first time. 
This was the second time. 
The first time had been when a heavily pregnant Yao Lili had turned up at their doorstep. He had felt frantic and lost, just like now. He had been so afraid that Li Shu, who was also about to give birth, would leave him. 
At the time, Li Shu stayed. 
What about this time
Mo Hai didn’t know what the answer would be. He asked himself if he had done her justice. 
He truly did love her. 
Because he loved her, he had refrained from all the flightiness and frivolousness of his youth. 
From being a young master playboy, he had become a man who harbored deep love and much affection for one woman. 
And he had placed all his focus and attention on her. 
He was such a man. Because of his affection for her, he had put all his efforts and energy into loving her and protecting her. 
He had been the same towards Mo Zhi. 
Since he had nurtured the boy, no matter how poorly the child behaved, he had tolerated it. 
But now… 
Mo Hai shook his head and relegated these thoughts to the back of his mind. He got out of the car and walked to the entrance. 
He raised his hand and was about to knock on the door, but on the other hand, he realized it was late and it would interrupt their rest. 
He couldn’t sleep though. Could Li Shu
Could she be tossing and turning, having difficulty falling asleep, because he had misunderstood her
As these thoughts flashed through his mind, he raised his hand and then dropped it again. 
He raised it and then dropped it again. 
After a few attempts, the door suddenly flew open. 
Mo Hai froze and quickly jumped back in fright. Through the crack between the door and the door frame, he saw Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng stood there staring back at him. 
Mo Hai frowned at once and said, “I wish to see Li Shu.” 
Mo Xicheng did not answer, but kept looking at him. Finally, he walked out and stood between the man and the entrance. He asked Mo Hai, “Would you like to go for a drink?”
###Chapter 1606: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (79) 
Mo Hai was taken aback. 
He looked up and saw Mo Xicheng standing before him, with clearly no intention of letting him in. 
Mo Hai was very aware that Mo Xicheng was not like Mo Zhi and would not obey him. If the man wasn’t going to let him into the villa, he knew that there was no chance for him to see Li Shu tonight for sure. 
He took a deep breath and then nodded. 
Mo Xicheng did not take his own car, he instead got into Mo Hai’s front passenger seat. 
As Mo Hai drove away, a silhouette on the window of the second floor moved. 
Li Shu cast her gaze down, hiding the sorrow in her eyes. 
Then she walked to the bed and lay down. 
Divorce was the last thing she wanted. Certainly, all these years, Mo Hai had treated her well. But after how he had accused her today and his lack of trust in her, it was all too painful and disappointing. 
Li Shu shut her eyes at this thought. 
– 
In the bar. 
Mo Hai drank one shot after another. Mo Xicheng kept silent as well and only sat opposite the man, taking little sips of his wine every now and then. 
After a number of shots, Mo Hai suddenly lifted his head to look at Mo Xicheng. He asked, “You must really hate me?” 
Mo Xicheng lifted his eyes, looked at the man impassively and replied, “Where do you get hate where there is no love?” 
Mo Hai was stunned by that remark. Then he laughed scornfully at himself, hung his head and said, “You know, you really speak like your mother.” 
Mo Xicheng kept silent. 
Perhaps the man was a little drunk by now and his eyes were blurry. With reminiscence in his tone, he said, “You know, when your mom was young, she was the most popular girl in school. She was not only pretty, she was a person of substance and extremely graceful. She had an exceptional character and disposition. Many guys were after her.” 
“At the time I really liked her, but my schoolmates all laughed at me. They said I was a stuffy bun and discouraged me from going after such a literary and refined girl. But I was like possessed, crazy over her even though she didn’t think much of me.” 
“You know, even at that time, your mom had a caustic tongue. With the words she used to insult me, one could write a book on remarkable quotes. Every rejection from her was like a poison arrow, it was impossible to retaliate.” 
“At the time, she was spirited and energetic, full of enthusiasm. With a pen, she would write one thrilling story after another.” 
Then Mo Hai fell silent. 
As though he had traveled into another space in his memory and couldn’t get out of it. 
Noticing this, Mo Xicheng was compelled to ask, “What about now?” 
“Now?” 
Mo Hai paused. 
The young man nodded and continued, “That’s right, what about her now? As glorious a life she had back then, she lives with the same measure of dejection now. In the last twenty years, almost thirty years, you’ve used your marriage and the excuse of the child to tie her down. Has she really been happy?” 
Mo Hai was stunned. 
Mo Xicheng looked at him and said, “Do you really know what it is to love a person?” 
Mo Hai shook his head. 
Mo Xicheng smirked and continued, “Loving a person means simply wishing her happiness. When my mom was in her heyday, did you ever look at her laughing and felt happy yourself? And what about now? You refuse to grant her a divorce, but have you seen her laugh the way she did in her youth?” .＆nbsp;?o
Had he seen it
Not for too many years. 
Mo Hai tried to recall but nothing came to mind. He could not remember the last time he had seen her laughing heartily.
###Chapter 1607: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (80) 
The next remark from Mo Xicheng delivered a vicious stab to his heart. “And you know, in love, there is a contentious saying that I’d like to share with you right now.” 
“What is it?” 
“Sometimes, letting go is a gift.” 
Mo Hai was stunned. 
Mo Xicheng got onto his feet. As he walked away, he said calmly, “I’ve called you a driver, he will take you home. I’ll take my leave now.” 
The young man strode past Mo Hai and headed out of the bar. 
Now there was only Mo Hai left inside. 
He looked at the wine glass before him in a daze. Suddenly, he laughed bitterly. 
He reached out for the bottle of wine in front of him and downed everything in a gulp. 
– 
By the time the driver took Mo Hai home, it was almost daybreak. 
Stumbling into the living room, the man caught sight of Mo Zhi sitting on the sofa, waiting for him. 
He did not speak, but rather went around Mo Zhi and moved towards the master bedroom upstairs. 
However before he could get far, Mo Zhi grabbed his arm. 
The young man looked at his father and said, “Dad, are you really abandoning me?” 
Because Mo Hai had knocked out his tooth, he now spoke with a slight lisp. 
His remark was laughable, but also heart-wrenching. 
Mo Hai halted and turned around. He spoke calmly without looking at Mo Zhi, “How could I still keep you here?” 
Mo Zhi was shocked. 
Mo Hai cast his gaze on him now. 
He had nurtured and watched this young man grow from a small child—it wasn’t easy for him either. But now all those memories had been shattered. 
He had used to believe that even if Mo Zhi loved to scheme against others, he would never ever do it to his own father. But that had now proven wrong. 
Mo Zhi was no longer the innocent and pure little boy that he had watched grow up. 
Now he found the scheming young man constantly putting him in a difficult position with Li Shu. 
Mo Hai cast his gaze down at this thought. 
He said calmly to the man, “Please move out tomorrow morning.” 
Mo Zhi was stunned. After a pause, he started, “Dad, you’re really abandoning me?! Dad, where do I go? Where can I move to? Dad, how could you be so heartless? Dad!!” 
Mo Zhi called out to him a few times, but Mo Hai did not speak. He only continued up the stairs. 
As Mo Zhi stood in the living room, looking up at the second floor, he curled his fingers tightly into fists and shook with anger. 
He had thought his dad loved him the most and that he could frame Li Shu. 
But unexpectedly, the most important person in his heart was still Li Shu. 
Mo Zhi took a few deep breaths at these thoughts and eventually brought his emotions under control. Then he turned around and walked out, towards his own apartment. 
– 
Mo Hai entered his bedroom upstairs. Because he had drank a lot, he fell asleep surprisingly quickly. ?n?а. ?m
The moment he lay down, exhaustion completely overtook him and he slipped into a deep slumber. 
He had no idea how long he had been sleeping when he was woken up by the butler’s sudden knock on the door. “Sir, Sir, something’s wrong! Something’s wrong with Young Master Mo Zhi!” 
Mo Hai, now fully awake, looked at the door and inquired, “What’s wrong? Has he attempted suicide again?” 
“Not that.” 
Mo Hai sighed in relief and continued, “Then what is it? As long as he hasn’t killed himself, what’s the panic about?” 
The butler started, but stopped again. Then finally he said, “Hurry up and come take a look at Young Master Mo Zhi! He- he- he-“
###Chapter 1608: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (81) 
Mo Hai got to his feet impatiently. He was having a splitting headache but still, he headed for Mo Zhi’s apartment. 
When he arrived at the door, he saw Mo Zhi hugging a pillow and sitting on the bed, mumbling inaudibly. He was staring blankly into the space ahead. 
When Mo Hai saw this, he frowned tightly. 
He looked at the butler and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
The butler sighed and replied, “Young Master Mo Zhi was already like this when I woke up this morning. And he’s still like this now. And when I speak to him, he ignores me. I suspect that he’s… gone mental.” 
As he said this, he pointed at his own head. 
Mo Hai widened his eyes. His head felt like it was going to explode. 
He tried his best to calm himself before he walked in. 
As he entered the apartment, Mo Zhi lifted his eyes and glanced at him. Then the young man continued to mumble and chant, “Don’t make me leave. This is my home, this is my home. Who am I? I’m Mo Zhi, I’m the young master of the Mo Family, everything in this family is mine. It’s all mine, that’s right, it’s all mine. That Mo Xicheng is an illegitimate child, I’m not, he is—” 
Mo Hai frowned and shouted, “Mo Zhi!” 
The young man ignored him and continued staring blankly ahead. His eyes didn’t seem focused on anything in particular. 
Mo Hai realized this wasn’t normal. He lowered his head and shouted again, “Mo Zhi!” 
Mo Zhi continued to ignore him and stared blankly into space. 
Mo Hai was stunned and turned to look at the butler. 
The butler didn’t dare to meet his eyes and instead lowered his head. 
Mo Hai hollered, “Call the ambulance, quickly!” 
– 
At the hospital. 
Mo Zhi was lying on the bed quietly, his eyes shut. He had fallen asleep after being injected with a stabilizer. 
Mo Hai was now talking to the doctor. 
“Our initial exploration suggests that he has a significant level of depression,” the doctor said. “This condition is normally triggered. He has been facing too much pressure recently.” 
Mo Hai was taken aback and asked, “So what do we do now?” 
“For now he needs the love and care of his family. Besides this, he needs to work out his emotional issues, otherwise his condition may worsen over time.” 
Mo Hai was taken aback. 
As he walked out of the doctor’s office towards the VIP ward, he could see Mo Zhi lying there, sleeping placidly. 
Looking at Mo Zhi, he clenched his fists tightly. 
Yao Lili had already gone to jail and would be spending the rest of her life there. 
He was the only relative that Mo Zhi had in the world. 
Hence no matter what mistake Mo Zhi had made, he was unable to abandon the boy. 
He found it impossible to force Mo Zhi out of the Mo family home, for making him leave the home was really no different from killing him. 
Mo Zhi was like his own son, so how could he bear to kill the boy?! 
Mo Hai tightened his fists and continued looking into the VIP ward. 
After a while, his cell phone rang. 
He looked down at the screen. It was Li Shu’s lawyer. Mo Hai froze for a moment before he picked up the call. He heard the lawyer say, “Mr. Mo, Madam Li Shu has asked me to draw up the divorce documents. They’re ready and I’d like you to take a look. I wonder if you might be available?” 
The divorce documents. i?r． ?m
Mo Hai’s grip on the cell phone loosened and the device fell on the ground. 
Crack. 
The crisp sound of the phone hitting the ground brought the man back to the present. 
He looked down and bent over to pick up the phone. 
“Mr. Mo? Mr. Mo?” 
The lawyer was calling out. 
Mo Hai stared ahead quietly and then shifted his gaze to the young man lying on the VIP ward. 
He said after a long pause, “Ok, I’m available now. You can find me at the hospital.”
###Chapter 1609: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (82) 
In the lounge outside the ward. 
Lawyer Chen glanced at Mo Zhi, turned around and took the seat beside Mo Hai. 
He nodded at the man and started, “I’m sorry this has happened to Mr. Mo Zhi.” 
Mo Hai looked back at the lawyer without speaking. 
Lawyer Chen sighed and drew out a copy of divorce agreement from his briefcase. He handed the document to Mo Hai and said, “This is Madam Li Shu’s divorce agreement proposal. There are a few requests in it. Take a look and let me know if you agree.” 
Mo Hai was taken aback as he looked at the cover of the documents. It had the huge title “Divorce Agreement” across it. 
Noticing this, Lawyer Chen sighed again and explained to Mo Hai, “Madam Li Shu indicated that Mo Xicheng holds 30 percent of the Mo family business, in addition to the 20 percent that he got transferred from Mo Zhi. This makes 50 percent. Madam Li Shu holds 10 percent of the shares herself, so they own 60 percent in total. It appears you also own 30 percent, so her request is that in the future, that portion will be equally divided between Mo Xicheng and Mo Zhi. Madam Mo feels that this would do enough justice to Mo Zhi, given that the Mo family wasn’t going to leave him a single cent in the first place.” 
After Lawyer Chen had said this, he looked at Mo Hai. Mo Hai continued staring at the document with no reaction. 
Lawyer Chen called him, “Mr. Mo? Mr Mo?” 
Mo Hai snapped back to the present and grunted. 
The lawyer paused. 
After a while, Mo Hai still did not speak. 
The lawyer asked, “Mr. Mo, do you find this agreement satisfactory? If it is, we can get it signed.” 
Mo Hai said in response, “I am not satisfied.” 
Lawyer Chen halted. 
Mo Hai placed the document down, looked at the lawyer and repeated, “I’m most dissatisfied.” 
Lawyer Chen paused and sighed. He started again, “Alright, what exactly do you find unsatisfactory? We can consider amendments.” 
“I’m just dissatisfied with everything.” 
The lawyer hesitated and then continued, “Mr. Mo, the content of this agreement actually is in alignment with the law, it’s not unreasonable. If you do not agree and we go to court, these are the minimum requirements.” 
Mo Hai nodded at this remark. 
Looking at the man, Lawyer Chen sighed again. 
He took out another divorce agreement from his briefcase. 
Mo Hai was stunned. 
Lawyer Chen held this document out to him and said, “This is what Mr. Mo Xicheng instructed me to do if you disagreed. Take a look at this other agreement then.” ra. ?ｍ
Mo Hai picked up the agreement and read through it. 
The lawyer explained, “Under this other agreement, you get to keep your 30 percent of the shares, they will have nothing to do with him or Madam Li Shu. The shares will belong to Mo Zhi in the future. In addition, you get to keep all the properties under your name. It is stated that as long as you agree to the divorce, you won’t have to split the assets.” 
In other words, for the sake of a successful divorce for Li Shu, Mo Xicheng was willing to sacrifice his right to become the head of the family. This was so that Li Shu could be free from Mo Hai, so that she could finally be happy. 
“Mr. Mo, between these two agreements, what do you prefer?”
###Chapter 1610: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (83) 
Mo Hai stared at the two documents. They were very similar, with the exception of some changes in the details of one of them. He narrowed his eyes. 
After a moment, he grabbed both copies of the agreements. He looked at Lawyer Chen and said, “I can sign the agreement, but I have to think about it.” 
Lawyer Chen paused upon hearing this and turned to glance at Mo Zhi in the ward. He understood. 
Nodding, he said, “Sure, in this case, I’ll be in touch again.” 
Mo Hai nodded. 
After the lawyer left, Mo Hai lowered his gaze to look at the two agreements. 
He held them tightly, wishing they would burn to ashes. 
But he turned to glance at the young man in the VIP ward. 
If it weren’t for the fact that Mo Zhi was ill, he would have already pushed the man aside to pursue Li Shu so that she would change her mind. 
But now, what right did he have to go after Li Shu with a burden like Mo Zhi in tow. 
One must not be greedy. 
Mo Zhi had already mistreated Li Shu. It was impossible to expect the woman to keep accommodating him in the Mo family home without any resentment. 
Hence, between Li Shu and Mo Zhi, he could only choose one. 
But who
This didn’t even seem to be a matter of choice. 
In comparison, Mo Zhi needed him more than Li Shu did. 
At least, she had Mo Xicheng. But Mo Zhi had only him. 
At this thought, he looked down at the divorce papers again. 
Then he slipped them into his own briefcase. 
– 
In the afternoon when Mo Zhi awoke, there was still no improvement. Mo Zhi started to show some improvement only when Mo Hai said repetitively, “I won’t make you leave, you can stay in the Mo family. Mo Zhi, I won’t make you leave.” 
At least, he was able to respond by grabbing Mo Hai’s sleeves tightly and saying, “You won’t make me leave.” 
A few days later, Mo Zhi’s condition took a turn for the better. Under Mo Hai’s repeated promise that he would not make Mo Zhi go away, the latter finally started to behave like a normal person. 
After leaving the hospital, the day he got discharged, Mo Hai brought Mo Zhi home. 
He did not ask Mo Zhi to stay in the servants’ quarter. He instead allowed the boy to go back to the room that used to belong to him. 
Indeed, the moment Mo Zhi was allowed to go back to the house that he had grown up in, he immediately seemed to recover by leaps and bounds. 
When Mo Hai noticed this, he was relieved and nodded satisfactorily. 
However, he couldn’t help but feel sorrow haunting him. 
After Mo Hai left Mo Zhi’s room, that wide-eyed innocence on the latter’s face disappeared instantly, giving way to a vicious glint. He narrowed his eyes. 
There was no way anyone was going to throw him out. 
This was his home! 
All he had had to do was to feign illness. Mo Hai’s heart had softened and the next thing, he had been allowed home. 
Now that he had managed to reinstate his presence in the house, he was quite confident that it would just be a matter of time where the shares were concerned. 
He broke into a smile at this thought. 
The next morning, when Mo Zhi awoke, he noted that the lights in Mo Hai’s study were still on. 
Curious, he walked into the study and saw that Mo Hai had fallen asleep at his desk with the divorce documents in front of him. 
He had already signed the divorce agreement. 
However, when he read the content and details related to the asset distribution, his pupils shrank. 
It… it was impossible.
###Chapter 1611: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (84) 
Mo Zhi widened his eyes in shock and looked at the divorce agreement with an expression of disbelief. 
Then he clenched his fists tightly. 
The divorce agreement had clearly listed the clauses with the asset distribution: i. 
All shares of the Mo family business will be transferred to Mo Xicheng. 
All the properties owned by Mo Hai, upon his death, with the exception of a small apartment that is to be given to Mo Zhi, will be allocated to Mo Xicheng. But as long as he lives, he will remain in the Mo family home. 
Mo Xicheng will look after Mo Zhi till old age, giving the man a monthly allowance. 
… 
As he read, Mo Zhi got furious. 
It simply meant that all of the Mo family’s assets would belong to Mo Xicheng, whereas he would only have a small apartment. 
Growing up in the Mo family, he had always thought that these things would be his one day, but now this had become but an illusion and a joke. 
He, Mo Zhi, would ultimately have nothing to his name. 
Nothing! 
At this thought, he gripped the divorce document tightly, his eyes boring hatefully into Mo Hai. 
In that instant, Mo Hai seemed to wake from his dream and frantically yelled, “Li Shu!” 
Then he looked up instantly. 
He looked lost and confused as his gaze fell on Mo Zhi. As though realizing something, he patted his own chest. 
He had been dreaming. In his dream, Li Shu was walking along a road and got killed by a car, leaving him alone forever. 
Fortunately, it had only been a dream and not reality. 
Mo Hai sighed in relief. Suddenly, he came to some sort of realization and asked, “Mo Zhi, why are you here?” 
Having said this, he noticed that the man was holding the divorce agreement in his hand. 
Mo Hai’s pupils shrank back as he reached out in an attempt to snatch the document back from Mo Zhi, asking, “Why are you looking at that?” 
However, Mo Zhi immediately drew his hand back, holding the document tightly in his grip. 
He stared at Mo Hai angrily and asked, “Why? I should be asking you why! What’s the meaning of this divorce agreement?” 
Mo Hai frowned and said with a deep growl, “These are my assets, I distribute them as I wish. What ions should you have?” 
Mo Zhi asked him, “What about me?” 
Mo Hai cast his gaze down and said, “Mo Zhi, when you were Li Shu’s son and he wasn’t, we hadn’t planned on giving him anything. And now that your positions have swapped, I’m giving you an apartment, and whatever basic necessities you need, what more do you want? I’ve done everything humanly possible to give you a leg up.” 
“What are you talking about? You’re my father, whatever’s yours is mine! Why can’t you give them to me rather than him?! Even if my mother isn’t Li Shu, am I not your own child?!” 
Mo Hai frowned and said, “You are my son. That’s why I’m doing this. You—” 
“I don’t care, I’m not asking for much. I’m only asking for half of what you own! I want an equal share!” 
“No way!” 
“Why not?!” Mo Zhi shouted. He raised his voice further, “I’m your son too! How could you treat me this way? You have to give me an equal share!” 
“I said no! Over my dead body! My assets will go to Mo Xicheng, that goes without saying.”
###Chapter 1612: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (85) 
Mo Zhi was taken aback by Mo Hai’s furious shout. 
He looked at the man, speechless and in a daze. 
After staring at each other for a while, Mo Hai sighed. 
He suddenly turned around, walked to the bookshelf and opened the top drawer. 
His head was lowered and his back was to Mo Zhi as he started to search the drawer for something. There was a box in the drawer with a substantial sum that he had stashed away for Mo Zhi. 
Even if he was going to abandon this boy, and even if he was going to hand over the family business to Mo Xicheng, this was all to prevent the two boys from fighting over the company shares. 
In addition, it would allow Mo Xicheng to manage the business better. 
But Mo Zhi was his son nevertheless, he could not completely abandon him. Hence, he had prepared this sum of money for him. 
He picked up the box and was about to turn around to hand it over to Mo Zhi when he felt a pair of hands close around his neck, squeezing it with force. 
Feeling the force of the grip, he froze and tried to turn around. His peripheral vision caught Mo Zhi’s vicious expression. 
That murderous look in the man’s eyes stunned Mo Hai as he stood rooted to the ground in shock. 
Mo Zhi had gone mad, truly. 
How could he do this
Over his dead body. 
Mo Hai’s words had taken root in the man’s mind, spawning thoughts with that possibility. 
Indeed, if Mo Hai died, then as Mo Hai’s son, he would have the legal right to own the man’s assets. 
When that time should come, he would hire people to give him a hand. Perhaps all the assets would end up with him alone. 
As soon as this thought had come to him, he could no longer contain himself. The moment he looked up, he had seen Mo Hai bending over to retrieve something. 
Although Mo Hai had put on a little weight over the ears, he was a dashing man with a long neck. Instantly, it had tempted Mo Zhi to think that if only he gave that neck a strong, firm squeeze, it would kill the man. 
If Mo Hai died, the money would be his. 
Like a possessed person, he had taken a step forward and had locked his hands over that neck. 
Looking into Mo Hai’s shocked expression, Mo Zhi said viciously, “Die, old man! If you die, the estate will be mine! If you die, the matter will be settled! You mistreat me, you should die!” 
Along with these remarks, his grip tightened, causing Mo Hai some difficulty breathing. 
He reached out and tried to free himself from Mo Zhi. After all, he was quite a strong man. 
In addition, during all these years, Mo Zhi had led a leisure lifestyle, causing him to be physically quite weak. Hence, the moment Mo Hai’s survival instinct kicked in and gave him the added strength to act, he was able to break Mo Zhi’s grip and shove him aside. 
He looked at Mo Zhi in disbelief and said, “Mo Zhi, are you mad!” 
Mo Zhi smirked as he looked back at the man and said, “Yes, I’m mad! I’m truly a mad man! Mo Hai, if you don’t give me my share today, I will kill you!” 
Having said this, he instantly turned around and shut the study door. He turned around again and looked at Mo Hai. 
Mo Hai saw no affection or hesitation in the man’s eyes, only a murderous look. 
He felt as though his heart was being painfully sliced by a sharp knife. 
He would have never thought, not even in his wildest imagination, that this child, who he had personally nurtured, would do this to him. The man had even threatened to kill him.
###Chapter 1613: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (86) 
Mo Hai only felt despair and hopelessness. 
For Mo Zhi’s sake, he had given up the last hope between Li Shu and him. Since he wasn’t going to chase Mo Zhi away, he didn’t have the face to look for Li Shu. 
But now
Mo Zhi actually wanted to kill him for the sake of money. 
The amount of strength he had used just now had been filled with his determination to kill him. 
But putting feelings aside, how could this person be so stupid!
If he killed him at home, what would happen after that
As a murderer, he still pretended to inherit his assets
It was as if he was brainless. 
Mo Hai was both anxious and angry. How could a son he had brought up personally be such an useless person? No wonder everyone in the company had looked down on him. He had originally thought that Mo Zhi was still young and hadn’t grown up, thus he couldn’t do many things well. But now he finally understood that, even though he had studied for so many years, he had just been an idiot all this time. 
He was just an idiot. 
These complex emotions were swirling inside Mo Hai’s body and his face was pale. 
Mo Zhi stared at Mo Hai and said, “You, sign this divorce agreement, or else I will definitely kill you!! You’re old and weaker than me.” 
That was literally the funniest joke in the world. 
He was just a young brat who hadn’t grown up. And now he was telling the wolf in the wolf’s den that he wanted to kill him
That was literally the funniest joke in the world! 
He stared at Mo Zhi and suddenly shook his head. 
Mo Zhi was shocked and at that moment, the door was pushed open by the butler. 
The butler rushed in with security guards and asked, “Sir, what’s wrong? What happened?” 
After he said so, everyone looked at Mo Zhi. 
Mo Zhi was stunned. He stared at the butler and then turned his head to look at Mo Hai. 
Mo Hai was still a distance away from Mo Zhi, thus Mo Zhi wouldn’t be able to come close to him at that moment. 
Mo Hai pointed at a flower vase nearby and said, “You’ve lived in this house for so many years and you don’t know that this is a security alarm?!” 
Mo Zhi’s pupils shrank. 
He looked at Mo Hai in panic and then looked at the people around him again. Then he didn’t say anything, he just turned around and tried to escape. 
“Catch this unfilial son!” 
Mo Hai shouted angrily. 
The butler waved and the security officer grabbed his arms. 
Mo Zhi struggled as if he was mad and he only became silent after realizing that there was no way for him to escape. 
He turned around, looked at Mo Hai and cried, “Dad, I’m wrong, I have realized my mistake, I really have realized it! Dad, please forgive me. Dad, I was wrong, I was just possessed. Dad, I- I have depression. I don’t even know what I have done just now. Dad, I—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Mo Hai couldn’t help but laugh sarcastically. “Depression? Why are you talking like this? Weren’t you speaking so well just now?” 
How could Mo Hai not have realized that Mo Zhi had been faking his illness after all of this
He was utterly disappointed in his son. 
How had he brought him up to be so stupid
He was even using the female method of being dramatic and acting to get what he wanted. 
Was he even a man
As he recalled Mo Xicheng’s resilience and silence, Mo Hai suddenly realized that Mo Zhi couldn’t even be compared to a finger of Mo Xicheng. 
And the funniest thing was he seemed blind and only had Mo Zhi in his eyes.
###Chapter 1614: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (87) 
Right now, Mo Hai only felt like a great joke. 
He narrowed his eyes and stared at Mo Zhi. At the same time, he wavered and was at a loss as to how he should manage this son of his. 
Even though the boy was foolish and had even tried to kill him, weren’t all parents in the world forever tolerant and forgiving towards their own children
What Mo Zhi had done could easily be qualified as premeditated murder and, if he called the police, Mo Zhi would surely spend the rest of his life in jail. 
Although he detested Mo Zhi, and although at this point he couldn’t hate the boy more, Mo Hai still did not like going to the extreme. 
The affection that had developed from watching the boy grow up wasn’t something that he could just ignore. 
Hence with a wave of his hand, Mo Hai said, “Take him away and lock him up in the servant’s quarters. He is not to come out without my permission!” 
“Yes, Sir.” 
The butler answered and then turned around to seize Mo Zhi. They then took him out by force. 
Instantly, he was alone now in the study. 
Mo Hai lowered his head and stared at the divorce document. 
He sat down, feeling irritable and suddenly extremely helpless. 
He held up the crumpled divorce document that Mo Zhi had gripped before and read the content again. At this point, his cell phone rang. 
He picked up the call and heard Li Shu’s voice on the other end. She asked, “Have you signed the divorce paperse?. cm
His gaze fell on the document as he replied, “Yes, I’ve signed it.” 
“Ok, I’ll arrange for my lawyer to pick it up from you.” 
“No,” Mo Hai answered. “I’ll bring it over to you.” 
Li Shu replied in an icy tone, “I wouldn’t want to trouble you, I—” 
“Li Shu,” Mo Hai interrupted her, “even if we’re going to divorce, can’t we do it calmly, sit down and discuss it? Don’t tell me that you’re going to avoid me forever?” 
Li Shu stopped and paused. Then she said, “Ok, come over tonight then.” 
“Ok.” 
Mo Hai got to his feet after hanging up. Holding the divorce document, he walked around the room once and, eventually, walked out. 
It was morning still, there was some time to go till the evening. 
Especially when Mo Zhi, who had been locked up in the servant’s quarter, was shouting and yelling so much that it became exhausting to listen to. 
Mo Hai decided to leave the house. He got into the car and drove to Mo Xicheng’s villa. 
He stopped the car by the road outside the villa grounds and lit a cigarette. He drew in a deep puff that irritated his throat and made him choke. 
He coughed violently till his face turned red. Then his eyes started to burn as well, filled with tears. 
But instead of crying, he forced his tears back. 
A fifty-year-old man crying
How embarrassing was that
As he told himself this, he calmed himself down. 
He turned to look at the divorce agreement on the front passenger seat, and then looked ahead again at the front door of the villa, as though he was able to see Li Shu through the shut door. 
Waiting there somehow brought him a sense of calmness. 
At this thought, the front door suddenly swung open. Following this, he saw Li Shu approaching the car. 
She took one graceful step at a time and oddly, he recalled a time in their youth.
###Chapter 1615: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (88) 
Mo Hai watched, mesmerized, as Li Shu approached the car and knocked on the window. Mo Hai snapped out of his daze and quickly wound down the window. The stench of cigarettes escaped through the opening at once, causing Li Shu to turn away and sneeze. 
Mo Hai turned and realized he was holding a cigarette. He immediately stubbed it out, opened the door and got out. 
Li Shu said, “Don’t shut the door. Let the air through.” 
The man halted and obediently did as he was told. Then he looked at Li Shu and asked nervously, “Why- why did you come out here?” 
Li Shu: … 
She looked at the man and replied, “Shouldn’t I be the one asking this question?” 
Mo Hai was stumped for a moment and then gushed, “Oh- oh. I signed the divorce agreement and brought it.” ?nr. 
After he said this, he walked around the car. He opened the front passenger seat door, bent over and looked at the crumpled document. 
His hand halted midway before touching the papers and picking them up. 
He straightened up and walked to Li Shu. 
All of a sudden, he found himself wishing there was an endless distance between them. That way, he could walk towards her forever. 
But after a few seconds, he found himself right in front of her. 
She lowered her gaze to look at the agreement in his hands. Immediately, she extended her hand and said, “Let me have it.” 
He paused and slowly looked up. 
Li Shu said, “Thank you for this.” 
He went into a daze. 
Lowering his head, he looked at the document again. 
He lifted his gaze to look into Li Shu’s face. After so many years, her features hadn’t changed much. 
He slowly lifted his hand and gestured, “It’s ok, you’re welcome.” 
As Li Shu’s hand reached over, he also lifted his arm. 
However, just when she was about to touch the document, he suddenly drew the papers back. He looked up and said, “Li Shu, there’s something I’d like to say.” 
Li Shu frowned and replied, “Go ahead.” 
“I’ve clarified the matter with Mo Zhi. I know I’ve misunderstood. And today, Mo Zhi even tried to kill me.” 
Li Shu was stunned and quickly looked at him at once when he said this. 
But on the other hand, she suddenly felt silly. Since he was standing before her and telling her this, it meant he was alright. 
Hence, she maintained her silence and did not speak. 
Her firm attitude showed her determination to get a divorce. 
Mo Hai looked intently at her and said, “I had a dream last night.” 
“I dreamt that you died in an accident and left me forever. I signed the agreement before I had this dream, but now…” 
He suddenly reached out, gripped her hand and said, “I don’t want to lose you.” 
On this note, he released her hand and in a flash, ripped up the divorce papers. 
He had changed his mind too quickly and, before Li Shu could even react, the divorce agreement was already in shreds. 
She was livid as she glared at the man and hollered, “Mo! Hai!” 
He gripped her hand again and said to her, “Li Shu, please forgive me. I know it was my fault. Please give me one more chance, will you?
###Chapter 1616: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (89) 
Li Shu stared at him for the longest time before she smiled icily and said, “I’m sorry.” ?α. 
She attempted to release her hand from his grip. 
This time she was unexpectedly quite forceful, so Mo Hai released his grip. 
She paused as the man continued, “Li Shu, I will not sign the divorce papers. Because I’m going to win you all over again. I managed to do it in my youth and now, I will start all over again.” 
“Li Shu, I know that I went overboard and hurt you. But please give me another chance. You will see for yourself, I won’t be misled by Mo Zhi anymore, really. From now on I won’t trust him.” 
After he said these words, Mo Hai looked at Li Shu and asked, “Will you give me one more chance?” 
Li Shu frowned. After a moment, she shook her head. 
She took a step back, cast her gaze down and said, “Mo Hai, sometimes you can start all over again, but there are some wounds that cannot be fixed with just an apology. I cannot forgive you, not because you mistreated me, not because you made a blunder and trusted Mo Zhi, or because you didn’t trust me. I cannot forgive you because I hate you and I blame you. If it weren’t for you, my son wouldn’t have suffered for so many years. Do you know that every time I think about how Mo Xicheng was mistreated for twenty years, my heart aches? It’s not that I’m unable to forgive you. Rather, I cannot forgive myself.” 
After saying all of this, she added with a frosty laugh, “And you, can you make up for the twenty years that Mo Xicheng lacked a family? Can your apology bring back Mo Xicheng’s childhood, or our acknowledgment of him?” 
Without waiting for his answer, Li Shu continued, “The answer is no.” 
“Hence there is no hope for us. Mo Hai, let’s not be involved with each other anymore.” 
On this note, Li Shu nodded at him and turned around. With the same graceful movements, she walked back to the villa. 
Looking at her back, Mo Hai was overwhelmed by a sense of disappointment and abandonment. 
He could only feel a cutting pain inside, and it hurt so much that he found himself unable to breathe. 
He wanted to speak, but he held back. He got into the car and, with trembling hands, lit a cigarette. He drew in a deep puff that stung his lungs, causing him to splutter and cough violently. 
The coughing caused his eyes to sting and tear up. 
In his coughing fit, he accidentally hit the button that turned on the radio. A song came from the speakers immediately, it was all Li An’s “Love Is Over.” 
The mournful tune filled the car. 
Li An’s melancholic voice crooned: 
“Love is over. 
Time has rushed past like water, 
water that calmed my soul. 
The pain left without a trace. 
Although you once had 
shown true love, 
and I made promises 
of my steadfastness, 
why did you leave without a word 
and broke my heart to pieces?” 
Immersed in sorrow, the tears that Mo Hai had fought so hard to hold back finally poured down. 
The hot tears fell on the car seat. 
He raised his hand to his mouth and tried to muffle his sobs. 
He really truly did love Li Shu. 
Was there really no more hope of a reconciliation between the two of them
How had they come to this point?
###Chapter 1617: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (90) 
As he wallowed in his sorrow, his cell phone suddenly rang. 
He looked down at the screen and realized it was a call from home. He picked up the call. As he did so, he heard the butler’s voice, “Sir, bad news. Young master Mo Zhi has disappeared!” 
Mo Hai froze for a moment and asked, “What do you mean disappeared?” 
“We locked him in the servant’s quarter but after a while, we found the windows open and he was missing.” 
Mo Hai was stunned. He came to the realization that the boy may have run away because he was worried about what he might do to him. 
So in his heart, no one could be trusted. 
At this thought, he suddenly felt a sense of loneliness engulf him. 
All his life, the one woman he had loved the most was Li Shu, and Mo Zhi was his most beloved son. 
But in the end, both had left him. 
Now he was alone, sitting in his car in solitude, looking at the skies above him. 
In this vast and boundless sea of people, he felt lost. 
He started up his car, spun it around and drove away. 
As he drove along the streets, he suddenly spotted a giant LCD screen on a building ahead. It was broadcasting an advertisement that Mo Xicheng had endorsed. 
It felt as though the man’s gloomy eyes were looking right through him, into his heart, from the screen. He froze. 
Mo Xicheng. 
When he took a closer look, he realized that Mo Xicheng actually had his features. 
Even though he had grown up under Yao Lili’s care, the man’s inner quality and temperament weren’t something Yao Lili could have fostered. 
This son was an excellent young man, an extremely fine young man. 
In fact, he was so excellent that in the past, he had feared that this boy would return to the family and fight Mo Zhi for the family estate. 
He had every reason to be proud of such a son. 
Just like how he had participated in the parents’ meetings when Mo Zhi was young and had envied the parents of those students who excelled in their studies, dancing, or other areas. 
At that time, he would often wish that Mo Zhi would excel at something and gave him a reason to be a proud parent, even for a little while. 
But this thinking had obviously not been realistic. 
Back then, he would inevitably spot Mo Xicheng. 
The boy would sit at his desk in the back row, without his parents, without anyone to accompany him. He would sit with a lowered head, earnestly doing his homework, completely unaffected by what was going on around him. 
He thought about how Mo Xicheng would always score 60 points in his exams. 
He actually understood that, while it was easy to fail an exam, just as it was easy to ace it, scoring exactly 60 points consistently was quite a feat. 
This showed that Mo Xicheng had a good grasp of the questions asked. 
For someone like him, it would have never been a problem to become top of the class every year. ?n?. om
Even the teacher had told him this in private. 
But Mo Hai had never taken it to heart. 
He even knew that this had been an act of retaliation on Mo Xicheng’s part since he hadn’t let the boy fare better than Mo Zhi. Hence, scoring 60 points consistently for all subjects was just a demonstration of his pride and stubbornness. 
And now… 
He finally had to face it. 
If the babies had not been swapped, then the parent who would have been on stage delivering a speech and sharing the experience of bringing up a highly-achieving child would have been himself. 
And by now, he would have also been able to stand proudly before this LCD screen, telling everyone that Mo Xicheng was his son.
###Chapter 1618: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (91) 
For the first time, Mo Hai felt a deep regret. 
He stared at the large screen and finally shook his head. Then he continued driving home. 
– 
Mo Xicheng took care of all the issues in the Mo family business. When the issues had been sorted out, the company got back on track. 
Finally, he had time to start thinking about his relationship with Shi Nianyao. 
Recently, every visit to the Shi Family home triggered an increasingly hostile attitude from Shi Jinyan. But right from the start, Mo Xicheng had no idea what was behind this behavior. 
On this particular day after work, he walked to the underground parking. 
He got into the car, went to buy some fruits and hurried to the Shi family home. d. c
Ding! 
A message came in, so he picked up his cell phone. It was from Shi Nianyao: [Don’t need to hurry, take your time.] 
Mo Xicheng smiled unconsciously. 
They had arranged to watch a movie together tonight and after that, spend a romantic night out. 
He had been too busy lately and hadn’t had the time to keep her company. It was only today, after just finishing an important meeting, that he finally had some time to breathe. 
Not to mention Shi Nianyao, even he was missing her exceptionally a lot. 
It hadn’t seemed so bad when things were busy, but now when he could relax a little and set work aside in his mind, his yearning for her grew exponentially and he started to feel like he was going crazy from it. 
He cast his gaze down and picked up his cell phone. He recorded and sent a voice message. “Yao Yao, I’ll be there very soon. I miss you.” 
Then he set the cell phone aside and continued driving. 
After a moment, he heard another notification. 
Picking up the cell phone, Mo Xicheng realized that Shi Nianyao had responded with a voice message as well. When he played it, he heard various voices in the background, as though there were a few people talking at once. 
“Hey, no looking!” That was Shi Nianyao’s voice. 
“What are you talking about, why are you being so secretive?” There was Shi Xun’s voice. 
“Missing you? Why hasn’t he come to see you for days then?” And that was Shi Jinyan’s voice. 
“Stop teasing her.” Then there was Si Jingyu’s voice. 
Then the voices grew softer and after a while, there was only Shi Nianyao’s voice. “When you sent me that voice message, I played it without thinking and everyone heard it.” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
No wonder they were ridiculing him. 
Nevertheless, he opened WeChat and sent another voice message. “Why are there so many people around today?” 
Shi Nianyao said, “Yeah, I don’t know. My brother and sister-in-law don’t usually come home, so I do wonder why they’re here today. And even Little Cherry is here… Oh, are you still driving? Don’t send me messages, focus on the road.” 
Her stern tone made him smile as he answered, “Yes, Madam Wifey.” 
Instantly, a voice message from her came back, “Arghhhh, stop embarrassing me!” 
He laughed aloud. 
– 
Meanwhile, everyone saw Shi Nianyao holding the cell phone and turning red from Mo Xicheng’s words, which she admittedly loved to hear. Hence, another round of teasing started. 
His magnetic voice made her blush and her heart go wild. Unable to resist it, she played the message again.
###Chapter 1619: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (62) 
“You’re still listening!” Tian Tian walked up behind Shi Nianyao and patted her shoulder. 
Shi Nianyao instantly placed her cell phone down and looked back at her with a red face. “Sister-in-law,” she greeted. 
Tian Tian nodded and pointed to the living room behind her. “Dad is unhappy about it.” 
Shi Nianyao stuck her tongue out and said, “Dad’s temper is getting worse as he gets older. Why is it so weird?” 
Tian Tian couldn’t help laughing. “Do you really not know or are you just acting?” 
Shi Nianyao widened her eyes. “What’s wrong?” 
“Dad just can’t bear to let you go!” 
Shi Nianyao was shocked. “Dad can’t bear to let me go? Doesn’t he wish that I’m not home everyday so I don’t disturb Mom and him? The reason why he sent me overseas to study then was because I had been sticking around Mom too much.” 
Tian Tian: … 
Tian Tian shook her head and said, “This kid… Now that your relationship is getting more and more serious with Mo Xicheng, Dad must be feeling more and more terrible inside. Besides that, let me ask you something.” 
As she said so, Tian Tian dragged her to the side and asked softly, “Why hasn’t Mo Xicheng mentioned anything about marriage yet?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
It was because they had gotten married long ago. 
But now how was she supposed to say it
She thought for a while and looked at the few people in the living room hesitantly. Then, she lowered her voice and said, “Sister-in-law, you must help me with this!” 
Tian Tian was shocked. “What? Does Mo Xicheng not want to marry you? If that’s the case, I don’t agree to you two being together. Let me tell you, a man who doesn’t want to marry you is definitely not a good man!” 
Shi Nianyao anxiously waved her hand. “It’s not that, definitely not that!” 
“Then what is it?” 
Shi Nianyao couldn’t help grabbing her arm. “I- I already married Mo Xicheng, what is there to discuss?” 
Tian Tian: …! 
Tian Tian stared at Shi Nianyao in shock. She couldn’t help but gulp before asking, “When was that?” 
Shi Nianyao was like a poor girl who had been treated unfairly. “One month ago.” 
“One month!!” Tian Tian shouted. Then she suddenly lowered her voice, worried that she would catch the attention of the people behind her. She grabbed Shi Nianyao and walked to a corner on the side. “You’re saying that one month ago you- Oh, I remember it now. You went to a villa hotel with him in the countryside, and then you were dragged back home by your brother.” 
“It was that fateful day!” 
Tian Tian was really speechless. “Back then people still thought of him as an illegitimate son. And no one knew what his future would be like then! He was still battling with Mo Zhi and no one knew who would win the fight. How dared you marry him behind our backs?” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “Yes, I just did it the moment I had the idea. I didn’t give it much thought, so now…” 
“So how much longer were you intending to hide this from everyone?!” 
As Shi Nianyao was speaking to Tian Tian, she was interrupted by a cold voice behind her. 
Shi Nianyao jumped in shock and turned her head. Then she saw Shi Xun standing behind her, his face was scarily black and sunken. 
Shi Nianyao instantly jumped and moved in front of Shi Xun. Just as she was about to cover his mouth, she heard Shi Jinyan ask, “What’s wrong?” 
Shi Nianyao continuously shook her head to Shi Xun, but it was as if Shi Xun hadn’t seen it. He turned his head and said, “Dad.”
###Chapter 1620: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (93) 
Shi Nianyao was quite anxious. 
If Shi Jinyan found out and he got angry, what if he hit Mo Xicheng
As she was about to break into tears, Shi Xun said, “She is too extroverted, I am lecturing her.” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao was instantly relieved. She lifted her head up and glared at Shi Xun. 
But Shi Xun completely didn’t bother about her. Instead he asked, “Where’s mom?” 
Shi Jinyan turned his head and looked at the living room. “She’s watching television. What are all of you doing at the balcony?” 
After he said so, he took his tea cup and walked to the water cooler to drink. 
Seeing that she had somewhat survived this stage, she was finally relieved. She patted her chest, looked up at Shi Xun and said, “Brother, you really scared me—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Shi Xun narrowed his eyes and spoke with a cold tone, “This will definitely be exposed soon, don’t think that you can escape it! If Dad knows that you’ve married Mo Xicheng secretly behind his back, he won’t do anything to you because he dotes on you so much. But you don’t know what he’ll do to Mo Xicheng!” 
Shi Nianyao jumped in shock and grabbed Shi Xun’s arm. “Brother, then what should I do?” 
“What should you do? I don’t know!” 
Shi Xun sneered, shook her hand off his sleeve and left. 
Shi Nianyao stared at his back and cried out, “Brother, you must help me!” 
Only when Shi Xun had returned to his bedroom, without saying anything, Shi Nianyao turned around and heaved a deep sigh of relief. 
Tian Tian said, “You look like you got a huge burden off your shoulders?” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “Now that my brother knows, he’ll definitely help me settle everything. I can finally stop worrying! I can just wait to be a pretty bride. Sister-in-law, let’s go to the hairdresser soon.” 
Tian Tian: …!! . 
– 
But in no time, Shi Nianyao could no longer laugh. 
She stared at the person in front of him and asked, “Why?” 
Shi Xun sneered, “My sister isn’t someone you can easily ask out. You’re not allowed to go out tonight.” 
Shi Nianyao became anxious. “But it’s been a few days since I saw Mo Xicheng!” 
“So what? You’re supposed to be reserved as a girl. I said that you’re not allowed to go out after it gets dark and that’s final!” 
Shi Xun spoke domineeringly. He called the butler over and said, “Find a few people to watch after her. Make sure she doesn’t escape.” 
Butler: … 
No one ventured another comment. 
At that moment, everyone in the Shi family was in the living room. 
They were all shocked by Shi Xun’s unreasonable request. 
Tian Tian pulled his arm. “Shi Xun, don’t be like this. Nianyao and Mo Xicheng have indeed not seen each other for a few days, just let the young people go out and have fun.” 
Both of them were newly-weds, how could they not be allowed to meet
But unexpectedly, Shi Xun didn’t even give face to Tian Tian. He said, “No way, a girl should be reserved.” 
Tian Tian: … 
She had always trusted Shi Xun. Even though he was being stubborn now, he had just realized that his sister had already been taken by another man, so Tian Tian decided to shut her mouth and understand him. 
Shi Xun had to be really sad. 
But even Si Jingyu couldn’t take it any longer. “Even if you don’t allow her to go out, at least let him in and let the two of them meet.”
###Chapter 1621: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (94) 
However, when Shi Xun heard her words, he still insisted. “Meet for what? Also, if Mo Xicheng really likes Nianyao, he will definitely be back. If he can’t even take a small obstacle like this, they should just break up.” 
Shi Nianyao became angry. “Brother, you—” 
Before she could finish speaking, she saw Shi Xun look at her sternly. It was really obvious what he meant. If she still refuses to obey him, he would tell the truth to their parents. 
Shi Nianyao instantly quietened down. 
She lowered her head and snorted with anger. Then she suddenly turned and went upstairs. 
At that moment, everyone in the room got suddenly silent. 
After a while, Shi Jinyan coughed and said, “Shi Xun, just now—” 
Before he could finish, Shi Xun looked at Shi Jinyan and said, “Dad, I know that you have always doted on my sister the most and have never denied her anything. But this time, you must listen to me! You must know that Nianyao used to like Mo Xicheng too much and we should control it now. If not, Nianyao will definitely be on the losing end when they are together in the future.” 
Shi Jinyan: … 
“Dad, you cannot give in!” 
Shi Jinyan: … 
After Shi Xun said that, he spoke to the butler again. “I have already told him what to do, so—” 
“So there’s nothing else for you to do here, you can go now!” Si Jingyu was inviting him to leave. 
When Shi Xun heard this, he added, “Oh, I didn’t mean that. I realized that ever since we moved out, after we got married, we haven’t really accompanied and stayed with all of you. I have discussed it with Tian Tian and we will move back home for some time.” 
Si Jingyu: … 
Shi Jinyan: … 
Shi Jinyan looked upstairs and recalled how sad Shi Nianyao had looked. She coughed. “Erm, we don’t need your company. We—” 
“We will accompany you even if you don’t need it. Dad, I know you’re saying this for our sake, but it is our responsibility as your children,” Shi Xun plainly said. 
Shi Jinyan: … 
Si Jingyu said, “It’s actually that I don’t feel well recently. All of you coming back, plus the two kids, it would be too noisy, I—” 
“Mom, why didn’t you mention that you’re not feeling well earlier? If that is so, we should let the kids come back to accompany you and show their respect to you more often. So that’s decided.” 
After he said so, Shi Xun walked upstairs. 
Everyone: … 
Tian Tian couldn’t help laughing bitterly after Shi Xun went upstairs. 
Shi Jinyan asked, “What’s wrong with him?” 
Tian Tian replied, “… I think that he might be unhappy because his sister is going to get married.” 
Shi Jinyan said, “Not even I am unhappy. Why is he unhappy?” 
Si Jingyu nodded as well. “Yes, is it really alright if we treat Mo Xicheng like this? Butler, go take a look if Mo Xicheng is still waiting outside the door.” 
The butler answered, “Yes, he’s still there. Madam, just now Sir asked me to not let him enter.” 
Si Jingyu: … 
Si Jingyu turned her head and glared at Si Jingyan. “Look at you, you and your son have the same bad temper. One of you is making life difficult for Mo Xicheng, and the other one is even worse, not even allowing him to come into the house! Do you know how many days Nianyao has been excited about it? Now what should we do? Your daughter will be so sad that she won’t be able to sleep tonight!!”
###Chapter 1622: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (95) 
Shi Jinyan fell silent upon hearing these words. 
He recalled Shi Nianyao’s unhappy expression and started to reflect on the matter. Had he been a little overprotective perhaps
As he contemplated it, he heard sobbing coming from upstairs. “Sob, sob, sob.” 
Shi Nianyao was trying to suppress her tears. 
Shi Jinyan immediately caved in. 
He got to his feet and coughed lightly. 
– 
Upstairs, in the meantime. 
Shi Nianyao glared at Shi Xun and asked, “Big Brother, what’s the big deal? Why are you asking me to pretend to cry?” 
Shi Xun gave a cold snort and replied, “Well, do you want to go on your date tonight or not?” 
She quickly replied, “Of course I want to! Big Brother, don’t you even know what I’m thinking? You were so stern all of a sudden and even agreed with Dad. He’ll just think he’s in the right!” i?r． ?m
Shi Xun laughed and said, “No, he won’t. Just you watch.” 
Shi Nianyao was surprised. Then she heard footsteps coming upstairs. 
Shi Xun threw her a look as she quickly lowered her head and pretended to cry. “Big Brother, how could you do this? You’re awful! I’m a grown adult and I have the right to date! You can’t be so overprotective!” 
Shi Xun snorted and replied, “So what if I’m overprotective? I’m telling you, I’m not letting you out of the house today!” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao was about to say something in protest when Shi Jinyan coughed and interrupted. “Fine, enough already. Nianyao, come out here. I’m going to the supermarket to get a few things, come with me!” 
Shi Nianyao got to her feet. 
Shi Xun cleared his throat and insisted, “Dad, we just agreed that we’re not letting her out of the house.” 
Shi Jinyan glared at him and replied, “You’re worried about her going out with me?” 
“It’s not that.” Shi Xun nodded and continued, “After all, you’re part of the family, I’m sure you’ll watch over her.” 
Shi Jinyan nodded and said, “Don’t worry.” 
Following this, he threw Shi Nianyao a look.. 
Immediately, she followed him obediently. 
The two of them left the house and got into the car. After they drove away and the villa was some way behind them, they saw Mo Xicheng’s car in the distance. He was standing next to the car and leaning against it, looking in the villa’s direction. He had a bouquet of flowers in his hand and looked as though he wasn’t going anywhere until he could see his love. 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes lit up and she turned around, saying, “Dad.” 
Shi Jinyan, unable to resist her spoiled antics, finally said, “Off you go now.” 
The girl gave her father a hug at once and said, “Dad, among everyone at home, you’re the best! I love you, Daddy.” 
She jumped out of the car and ran to Mo Xicheng. 
Shi Jinyan: … 
Oddly, in the past, when no one had opposed their relationship, he had harboured all sorts of negative opinions about this young man and had made all sorts of ions. Yet now he realized that he no longer felt that way. 
Especially when Shi Nianyao had said, “Dad, among everyone at home, you’re the best!” 
Even though he knew very well that Shi Nianyao was flattering him, he felt good hearing it. 
At this thought, that conundrum that he had been having for so long suddenly vanished. 
– 
In that very same moment, Mo Hai was sorting out the share distribution. 
As the lawyer drafted the agreement, he suddenly caught sight of something on the internet. He immediately looked up in shock at Mo Hai and said, “Mr. Mo, bad news. Mr. Mo Zhi has filed a lawsuit against you, to fight you for part of your estate. Hence, all assets under your name have been frozen and we cannot transfer any shares.”
###Chapter 1623: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (96) 
Mo Hai froze upon hearing this and asked, “What do you mean? What right has he got to ask for shares? He is now an adult. Even if he wants to inherit some shares, he could have at least waited till I’m dead and have it sorted out with Mo Xicheng! He’s filing a lawsuit now? Why?” 
The lawyer coughed softly and explained, “He is filing a suit against the Mo family because he used to work in the family business and even held shares in the business. Now he is filing a lawsuit against the family for kicking him out without giving him a single cent, in addition to illegally cheating him out of his shares. So now the court is gathering evidence.” 
Mo Hai frowned and said, “What sort of evidence is there? He owed the company money, so he had to return his shares for collateral damages. Even if the court investigates and finds this, he won’t get the money, so what’s there to it?” 
The lawyer nodded and agreed, “You’re right, but the problem is… what will the public opinion be?” 
Mo Hai was stumped. 
The lawyer continued, “Generally speaking, people support the disadvantaged party. When Mo Xicheng’s status was revealed, there were already people criticizing the family severely. They took Mo Zhi’s side and felt that he was the one suffering the most. If the matter blows up now, the pressure of the public opinion will damage the company’s reputation. So I do suggest that you settle it outside of court. Placate him with some money and everything will end up well.” 
Mo Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I understand.” 
After he hung up, Mo Hai dialed Mo Zhi’s number. 
The phone rang twice before it was answered. 
Mo Zhi said, “Hello? Dad, you’ve heard the news?” 
Mo Hai replied with a gloomy face, “Mo Zhi, what is it that you want?” 
Mo Zhi laughed icily and said, “If you’re not going to give me a satisfactory response about this, I’m afraid I can only leave things in the hands of our reporter friends to manage.” 
“Shut your mouth!” Mo Hai shouted angrily. “Mo Zhi, you know in your heart who is right and who is wrong! You know it in your heart too why the estate cannot go to you! I’m warning you, don’t force me to expose the whole truth!” 
“Dad, go ahead then. Tell people how you were a fool for giving me the company. Tell them what happened in the company back then, so that they realize how unreliable the Mo family enterprise is.” 
Mo Hai fell silent. 
The most important thing where a company was concerned was its reputation, especially the Mo family enterprise. They were in the hospitality business, so if they had a bad reputation, who would come to them
Hence sometimes, it was necessary to spend some money to suppress negative press. 
This was also part of the company’s investments. 
Finally, Mo Hai asked, “What do you want? Name a price.” 
“I want 30 percent of the Mo family’s shares!” 
Mo Hai laughed icily and replied, “That is not possible.” 
Mo Zhi said, “Back then I only had 20 percent and you had over 40 percent. What you’re giving me now is hardly enough! If you give it to me, I will sell the 30 percent of the shares to Mo Xicheng and that would only be a matter of a few hundred million. Dad, as the son you’ve protected for so many years, am I not worth a mere few hundred million?”
###Chapter 1624: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (97) 
A few hundred million
A piece of trash like him might not even be worth a few dollars! 
Mo Hai’s face turned livid with rage and he took in a few deep breaths. He then spoke with a low voice, “50 million, that’s it. You can stop making a fuss. If you use the money sparingly, it will be enough for the rest of your life!” 
“But I will also need to get married. Dad, I will also have my own kids in the future. I think the shares are more reliable. If you aren’t willing to give me 30 percent, then just return to me what I had originally.” 
“Mo Zhi, just face the truth! Do you know what the charges you’ve pressed against me will not even be recognized in court?” 
“Of course I know, but Dad, you’re the one that forced me to do it.” 
“I forced you?” Mo Hai was a little shocked. Hadn’t he been nice enough to him
He had almost killed Mo Hai and Mo Hai hadn’t even called the police. What else did Mo Zhi want from him?! 
“Dad, I have absolutely nothing now, nothing at all! Do you know I have nothing? Desperate times call for desperate measures. Let me tell you, I want to make this matter huge. After I tell everyone, I’m not scared of anything, but what about all of you? Even if I get nothing in the end, I still want the Mo family’s reputation to break apart. I want Mo Xicheng to be seen as someone who kicked his brother out, and Li Shu to be scolded for being irresponsible and a failure of a mother!” 
Mo Hai was angered. “Mo Zhi, stop dreaming! You think that it’s so easy to take us to court? You don’t even have the money to fight us.” 
“Who says that I don’t have the money? I have my friend’s help. Let me tell you, I don’t need much money. Forget about the few hundred million, I just want a hundred million now. And after you’ve given me the money, this issue will be settled. Ok?” 
Mo Hai was suddenly speechless at his words and didn’t know how to answer him. 
After a while, he then said, “Mo Zhi, you know that I have never denied you money. Do you know how much the apartment I gave you is worth in the market now?” 
Mo Zhi was stunned. “How much?” 
“That house is 200 square meters and is worth 50 million in the market. And you might not know this, but I had already prepared living expenses for you. 50 million in cash for the rest of your life!” 
When adding this up, it was one hundred billion. 
“Dad!” Mo Zhi’s voice instantly turned from anger to surprise. 
Mo Hai looked at the phone and said, “You pushed away all the things I wanted to give you. And now, the things that you want, let me tell you, it’s too late. Since that day you left the house, you’re no longer a part of the Mo family. And as for all the assets of the Mo family, they are all Mo Xicheng’s. Let me tell you, unless Mo Xicheng agrees, you’re not getting a cent!” 
After he said so, he just hung up. 
Mo Zhi, who was at the other end of the line, had changed his expression. As he heard the sound of the call ending, he lowered his head and looked at his phone. 
Just as he was quietly staring there, a hand suddenly hit his shoulder. 
Mo Zhi instantly turned his head around and saw a man with a big stomach standing behind him. “How was it, Young Master Mo? Is it settled?” 
Mo Zhi directly said, “It will be ok, don’t worry. As long as you give me the money to sue them, when I get the money, we’ll split it half-half. How’s that?”
###Chapter 1625: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (98) 
The man, Big Belly, was laughing sleazily. The breath that came from his mouth, filled with yellow teeth, was really disgusting. After he heard Mo Zhi’s words, he laughed. “What if you lose the case?” 
Mo Zhi was stunned. “How is it possible that I’ll lose?” 
Big Belly laughed. “There is always a chance of failing in everything you do. Tell me, why should I trust you? Why should I lend you money?” 
Mo Zhi was at a loss for words. “I- I- I know I can’t give you anything now, but I can.” 
Big Belly’s sleazy gaze was scrutinizing Mo Zhi and at the end, he sneered and said, “Young Master Mo, you are actually good-looking. No wonder your brother could be a big star. Now that I look at you, you aren’t too far from your brother.” 
Mo Zhi was shocked and he instantly took a step backwards. “What- what do you want to do?!” 
Big Belly immediately laughed. “What do I want to do? Obviously, I’ll do what I should do. Young Master Mo, maybe you don’t know that I actually don’t like women. I like fresh, weak and thin boys like you. Hey, don’t be shocked, I can lend the money to you with no interests, what do you think?” 
Mo Zhi instantly looked at him with a crossed expression. “Disgusting! Scram!” 
He started walking to the door, but just as he reached it, he heard Big Belly speak. “Young Master Mo, do you think anyone in the industry will lend you money if I say no?” 
Mo Zhi instantly stopped in his tracks and looked back in disbelief. 
Big Belly continued laughing sleazily. He sat on the sofa with his legs open wide as he stared at him. “Come over. I can talk to you about life and about how I can lend you money.” 
Mo Zhi stood on the spot and stared at him. 
He knew that the only person in the industry who was willing to lend him money was Big Belly. 
If Big Belly didn’t lend him money, no one else in the industry would be willing to do so. 
And he had left the Mo Family in a hurry, he hadn’t taken anything with him. He didn’t even know where to stay for the night. He was really broke. If he had the money, he would definitely not undergo such humiliation. 
He gripped his fist tightly. He felt like vomiting as he stared into Big Belly’s sleazy gaze, but he couldn’t vomit. 
Not only could he not vomit, he still had to turn his head and force himself to take steps towards Big Belly. 
In the past, he had played with so many people. 
But only at this moment did he realize how painful it was to be played by someone. 
The pain, which was spreading through his body, made him feel like his waist was about to break. 
At this moment, tears covered his face from humiliation. 
He had never been so humiliated in his life. 
– 
When everything was over, Mo Zhi rushed into the washroom and started vomiting violently into the toilet bowl. 
He felt as if he was about to vomit the food he had eaten the previous day. Disgust was still stuck in his heart, so he grabbed the toilet bowl cover with all his might. 
Mo Xicheng! 
Li Shu!! 
If he couldn’t get back everything he had lost, he would fight them to death. 
– 
After finally watching a movie with Shi Nianyao with so much trouble, Shi Nianyao was dragged home by Shi Jinyan. 
That night, Mo Xicheng had to sleep alone again. 
The next day. 
When he went into the company early in the morning, he realized that the people in the company were acting weirdly. 
He frowned in confusion and someone instantly said, “Mr. Mo is here!”
###Chapter 1626: Mo Xicheng Reinstated! (99) 
Mo Xicheng paused. 
Mr. Mo
Since Mo Hai had already completely passed the company to him, the staff no longer addressed him as CEO Mo but instead, Mr. Mo. n?d.＆nbsp;o
However, ever since Mo Xicheng had taken over, Mo Hai had never been to the company. Why had he come over suddenly today
Just as he was thinking, someone from the legal department rushed over. “CEO Mo, this morning some people from court came over and said that they wanted to check our company. Look.” 
Mo Xicheng was instantly stunned when he heard this. “I’ll go take a look with you.” 
He found out that Mo Zhi had sued them by the time they reached the meeting room. 
The people from court were rather nice and reasonable. They were also very fair when checking. 
After asking Mo Xicheng a few questions, they let him leave. 
Mo Xicheng finally reached the office on the top floor. 
The door of the office Mo Hai had used to work in was open and an assistant was standing outside. When he saw him approaching, he called him, “CEO Mo!” 
Mo Xicheng knew that Mo Hai was looking for him. 
But had he come here because of their legal issues
He frowned and walked to the office’s door. 
Then he pushed the door open and walked in. 
Mo Hai was seated on the chair and enjoying the scenery outside through the glass window. 
The building of the Mo family’s company was in the middle of the city. From the window, one could see the whole business street and it looked really prosperous. 
As he looked over the city, it felt as though he was looking at everything he had fought for and achieved, which made him feel really accomplished. 
Mo Xicheng stood silently behind him and waited as Mo Hai quietly looked at everything before him. 
Some minutes later, Mo Hai returned to his senses. After looking at Mo Xicheng clearly, he said, “You have managed the company really well.” 
Mo Xicheng replied plainly, “Thank you for your compliment.” 
Mo Hai stared at Mo Xicheng quietly. 
That face, which looked a little similar to his, carried a completely different type of elegance. 
He had always been soft-hearted, but Mo Xicheng looked like he was decisive and sure when making decisions 
His character was really similar to Li Shu’s. 
Li Shu’s was extremely stubborn. After expressing her wish for a divorce, she was capable of staying in conflict with him for more than twenty years. 
As he thought about Li Shu, a smile appeared on Mo Hai’s face. 
When he returned to his senses again, he realized that Mo Xicheng was still standing there without speaking, looking really stable and strong mentally. 
The ability he possessed made him eligible to be any company’s CEO. 
Mo Hai was reassured. Then he spoke, “You have heard about the issue regarding Mo Zhi, right?” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. “I just found out.” 
Mo Hai kept silent for a moment and continued, “Today, I came for—” 
Mo Xicheng interrupted him. “Just say it, how much?” 
Mo Hai was stunned. He looked at Mo Xicheng in shock. 
He thought that he had come to ask for money on Mo Zhi’s behalf
But as he recalled what he had done previously, he instantly understood what Mo Xicheng was feeling at that moment. 
He lowered his eyes and spoke with slight sadness. “I only came to ask you whether you’d give him the one hundred million he wants.” 
Mo Xicheng sneered. “You don’t have one hundred million to give him?”
###Chapter 1627: Mo Xicheng Reinstated (100) 
Mo Hai was silent for a moment before explaining, “You should know that all my assets will be yours in case anything happens to me and someone tries to snatch the assets from you.” 
His words stunned Mo Xicheng, who stared at him in disbelief. 
After thinking for a moment, he said, “You’re saying—” 
“That’s right. I have already agreed to your mother’s demand and left everything in the Mo family to you. The decision to give the hundred million to Mo Zhi is absolutely yours. He said that he will gather the reporters to ruin the company’s reputation and will also sue you in court to ask for thirty percent of the company’s shares. I’m just passing my idea to you. And if there isn’t anything else, I will take my leave and not interrupt your work.” 
After saying so, he really stood up and walked to the door. He then disappeared with his assistant. 
Mo Xicheng stared at his back and sighed deeply. 
Rationally, Mo Hai had to be the most affected by him and Mo Zhi fighting, but he had still made such a decision. 
It wasn’t that he had admitted defeat or become weak. if he could spend just a hundred million to quiet Mo Zhi down and let life return to normal, it was worth it. 
But there was a big “if.” 
If Mo Zhi hadn’t touched Shi Nianyao and hadn’t tried to rape her… 
If Mo Zhi hadn’t targeted Li Shu, slandered her and injured her hand… 
If Mo Zhi hadn’t caused so much hurt to them, he might have chosen to take a step back now. 
But at this moment… 
He would definitely not admit defeat! 
He lowered and narrowed his eyes. 
After a while, he suddenly said, “Tell the public relations department to prepare a press conference.” 
Since Mo Zhi wanted to pressure them with public opinion, he had to take the first move. 
The person who took the first move always had the upper hand, since people would usually believe the first thing they heard. 
The Mo family’s company was really efficient, so they set a press conference at 5 p.m. that day. 
As Mo Xicheng was already a popular figure, all the big news agencies were willing to give him face and attend. 
When it was 5 p.m., Mo Xicheng walked out of the backstage. 
He stood on the podium and looked at all the bright flashes. 
After a while, he narrowed his eyes and said, “Today, I have arranged this press conference to talk about the question that everyone has been discussing online recently: whether Mo Zhi or I should be the CEO.” 
After he said so, he took two glances down. 
All the reporters held their breaths, waiting for him to continue. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his eyes and slowly spoke, “There’s some personal things that I haven’t told the public. But now, someone is using public opinion to create a lot of trouble for me. So for the sake of protecting myself, I have decided to hold this press conference.” 
“Since young, I grew up as the mistress’ son, the illegitimate son. Madam Yao Lili, who is the mistress who switched the kids, wasn’t really nice to me. She always told me that I couldn’t surpass Mo Zhi. I had to be the stupidest kid in the family. I had to give way to Mo Zhi whenever I saw him, I must- There were a lot of musts to follow, which caused my life to be really restricted since young.” 
“But I never complained about my life because I had no choice. I was the son of the mistress!”
###Chapter 1628: Epilogue (1) 
“As the son of a mistress, I didn’t have the right to meet the world. I didn’t have the right to do anything that could make me succeed. I was naturally a lesser person compared to everyone else. Since young, everyone told me that when I grew up, I wasn’t allowed to take things from my elder brother. When I grew up, everything in the family would belong to my elder brother. I grew up in such an environment.” 
“After that, I graduated from university and started to look ahead. Then my mother, Madam Li Shu, suggested that I did an internship in the company but Yao Lili rejected this. Yao Lili asked me to be an actor, but I couldn’t become a really famous one either. It was because if I had become famous, others would dig out my identity. I could only live in shadows forever.” 
“And what about Mo Zhi? He was glamorous, always under the spotlight and allowed to be in the open since young. He got to experience the best traditional education and, after he graduated, he got into the company to be a manager and then the CEO, till today.” 
“You all say that Mo Zhi is the weaker party, since I am currently the Young Master of the Mo family and everything in the Mo family belongs to me now. But did you know? Since young, the person who always tried to change his fate but was hopeless and failed due to his youth is me!” 
“How is Mo Zhi weak now? Is it that he’s too young to support himself? Is he not qualified, or can he not find himself a good job?” 
“Or is it that because I was exchanged as a baby and now inherited all of the Mo family’s assets, Mo Zhi is seen as pitiful?” 
Mo Xicheng lowered his eyes. Since he had publicly admitted his weakness and plight from the past, his face was slightly pale. 
A reporter couldn’t help but ask, “Mr. Mo, but in this case, will it affect the company in any way? You must know that the company has been in Mo Zhi’s hands all this time. Even if he didn’t achieve anything for the company, he still made an effort and contributed to it. And now, all of you have just thrown him out and forgotten about his contributions. Isn’t this unfair to him?” 
After he said that, many other reporters agreed. 
Mo Xicheng stared at everyone below and laughed. He then confidently looked at his assistant beside him and his assistant immediately passed him a document. 
He lifted the document up and said, “Four years ago, the company held a ‘517, let’s eat!’ discount event. All the food in the restaurants was 51.7% off. Many people in the company were unhappy about it, but Mo Zhi even instructed that a few shops would also be 20% off. A portion of the money from this event then vanished without a trace.” 
“Three years ago, the company had a big project…” 
“…” 
“This month, he took away all the company’s funds. In the end, he really had no choice but to take the company shares he owned and sell them to make up for the funds he had taken. It is just that I bought the shares.” 
After Mo Xicheng said this, he continued staring at the people below and slowly said, “So do you still think that I should hand the company over to him?” 
“Of course not!” 
“Exactly, why should you give it to him?” 
“…” 
As Mo Xicheng had told the truth, public opinion immediately sided with him. 
When Mo Zhi, who was at home, saw the news, he instantly stood up, his face ghastly pale from anger. 
He took in big gulps of air as he read the comments online. He was so angry that he slammed his cell phone on the floor and shouted, “Mo Xicheng, I want to kill you!”
###Chapter 1629 r. om
Chapter 1629: Epilogue (2) 
Mo Zhi trembled with anger when he read the content of the papers. 
“Ha, I think you have no hope in getting the shares. Why don’t you just follow me in the future?” Big Belly really liked Mo Zhi and was now staring at the man, his lusty eyes wandering up and down his body in a way that Mo Zhi found most revolting. 
Mo Zhi froze and said, “No way, I have to get all my money back!” 
On this note, he looked out of the window. 
At the same time, Big Belly suddenly put his hands on Mo Zhi’s shoulders and said, “Why? Do you not want to be mine?” 
Mo Zhi fell silent and hung his head. 
But that look said everything. 
In the past, he had once been the young master of the Mo Family that everyone looked up to. In the past, Big Belly had even had to humble himself before him. But now
He had become a toy for Big Belly. 
The thought of this made him want to puke. 
And yet, he could not hide how he felt. The detest in his eyes was obvious and clear for everyone to see. 
As he contemplated this, Big Belly suddenly pinched his chin forcefully. 
Mo Zhi’s head was forced to tilt upwards as Big Belly descended on him with a kiss. 
That mouthful of large yellow teeth made Mo Zhi reach out reflexively to shove the disgusting man away. 
Big Belly was taken aback and his expression immediately darkened. He raised his hand and, the next moment, a sound slap landed acros Mo Zhi’s face. 
Bam! 
The room froze at the sound of the sharp slap. 
Mo Zhi looked at Big Belly in disbelief and demanded, “What- what do you want?” 
Big Belly smiled icily and replied, “What do I want? Let me warn you, I’m giving you face! If it weren’t for your fair and good looks, I wouldn’t have even given you a second look. Huh, look at your health, you’re pathetic! Let me just say, it’s your good fortune that I like you!” 
Having said this, he raised his leg and kicked him. 
Mo Zhi turned around in fright, hoping to run away, but Big Belly had quickly pinned him down by his shoulders. 
Mo Zhi attempted to free himself from Big Belly’s grip, but he had been with too many women and that had weakened his body. Hence, he didn’t have an ounce of strength in him. How could Big Belly not be able to manage a person that even Mo Hai could hit
Big Belly didn’t even have to struggle, yet Mo Zhi felt as though he had been pushed back by a great force and landed on the sofa. 
The next moment, Big Belly descended upon him. 
– 
It was another devastatingly disgusting ravage of his body. 
Mo Zhi was now lying limp across the sofa, as though all the bones in his body had been broken. Tears welled up in his eyes from the pain. 
He pleaded in tears, “Big Belly, I beg of you, let me go, let me go. Sob, sob. Once I get my shares, I will surely give you part of it, please?” 
Big Belly was now satiated and was happy to have a conversation. “Darling, it’s not that I’m not letting you go, I’ve only just gotten started on you. I can’t bear to let you go! You have to understand that wealthy young masters like you are a rare opportunity for me. Compared to the other men, people like you are… tsk, tsk. Also, darling, you won’t be able to get your shares back!” 
“You told me that they were mine to begin with! How could it be that I won’t be able to get them back? They’re mine.” 
Mo Zhi hollered, causing Big Belly to jump in fright. 
He looked at Mo Zhi and replied, “Then let’s get my lawyer to talk to you.”
###Chapter 1630: Epilogue (3) 
Big Belly was reluctant to let Mo Zhi go and, afraid that something would happen to him, he had a lawyer on standby. 
The lawyer explained the details to Mo Zhi. “The estate belongs to Mo Hai and has nothing to do with you. You said you were cheated out of your shares, but Mo Xicheng had reasons enough to justify this. In addition, at the time, you signed the agreement yourself, so it’s hard to get past this. Also, you said you had the legal right to inherit Mo Hai’s estate. Yes, that is true, but that inheritance will only happen upon Mo Hai’s death. Now the man is alive, so you have no valid reason to ask for money from him. Besides, as far as I’m aware, Mo Hai has started to transfer his assets to Mo Xicheng. In other words, even if Mo Hai dies now, it could very well be that everything will go to Mo Xicheng.” 
Mo Zhi was speechless with fury. 
He stared at the lawyer, his hands shaking. Then after a moment, he said, “Why?! I’ve always been Mo Hai’s favourite son. He never cared about Mo Xicheng whatsoever, why is he treating me like this?!” 
The lawyer sighed and said, “I’ve asked around about this. My guess is that he’s doing it for Li Shu’s sake. You should know how much he loves that woman.” 
The lawyer was an elderly man, hence he had gathered a lot of experience. He said, “At the time, in order to conquer your mother, he did things that shocked our circle. Anything you can think of, he did, and he was finally successful. After all these years, I’m sure you can see the feelings he has for your mother. Hence he will go with whatever Li Shu says. Where this matter is concerned, rather than plead with Mo Hai, why don’t you just plead with Li Shu? If she says you should get the money, Mo Hai will not say no. After all, you grew up under both their care, so Li Shu must have some feelings for you. There’s only one thing you can do now. That is to cry and plead with Li Shu, ask her for the money. Cry and let her know how pitiful you are.” 
Cry in front of Li Shu
Impossible! 
Mo Zhi clenched his fists and narrowed his eyes. 
After a moment, he said, “I’ll try then.” 
Having said this, he lowered his head and fell silent. 
After the lawyer left, Mo Zhi looked at Big Belly and said, “I still think that there’s a chance for things to take a turn. If this matter blows up, the Shi family will also look bad. Don’t forget that Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng are engaged! Even if the Mo family doesn’t care about their own reputation, would they not consider the Shi family’s reputation?” ?a. 
Upon those words, Big Belly looked at him pitifully and said, “Have you still not gotten it clear in your head which type of people you can least afford to offend in Beijing?” 
Mo Zhi was stumped. “What?” 
Big Belly sighed and continued, “There are many wealthy and powerful families and I don’t have to go into details, but you ought to be very well-informed of the Shi family’s background. When have they ever been afraid of anything? If the reporters in the circle know that the Shi family is implicated in this, who do you think will dare report it?! You’re as smart as bait. Sigh, it’s no wonder you ended up with nothing. That you were able to survive till now with your IQ level, Mo Hai must have put in every ounce of effort he had!” 
Mo Zhi started to cry upon hearing this. “So what do I do now? I have nothing to my name. What do I do?!” 
Big Belly patted him on the shoulder and said, “The only thing you can do now is to look for Li Shu!”
###Chapter 1631: Epilogue (4) 
Looking for Li Shu, again. 
These people had no idea that the person who had been the most heartless towards him was Li Shu. i?r. m
He only had to think of how much she detested him to know at once that looking for her wouldn’t work. 
But she was also his one last hope. 
At this thought, Mo Zhi nodded. 
– 
News that Mo Xicheng had called for a press conference spread quickly through the office. 
But by the time Mo Hai found out, it was too late to do anything. 
He had rushed to the office, but as he arrived, the reporters were leaving. 
Mo Hai’s expression turned gloomy. He told Mo Xicheng, “Come with me.” 
The young man followed Mo Hai at a leisurely pace and they went to a quiet corner. “What’s the matter?” 
Mo Hai was furious. “How could you even think of something so stupid? Shouldn’t this kind of thing be suppressed?” 
Mo Xicheng said calmly, “Go with the flow. I’ve been in the entertainment industry for so many years. When it comes to handling gossip and rumors, I think I do have more experience than you. Our family is already a trending topic, we might as well come clean and make clear who’s at fault.” 
Staring at Mo Xicheng, Mo Hai was suddenly stumped. 
As an elderly person, he had always taken reputation seriously. When it came to the company’s reputation, he had spared no effort and resources in order to maintain it. 
But now that he had handed things over to Mo Xicheng… 
The man was using such a method, laying out the truth publicly for everyone to see and discuss. 
Indeed, the majority of the population was bound to be more reasonable and logical. 
At this thought, he took a deep breath. 
Perhaps Mo Xicheng’s method of handling things was more suitable after all. 
He sighed again and waved his hand at the young man, “Alright then. I’m old. Since I’ve handed the business over to you, I won’t get invovled. Just take care of the business.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded and said, “I understand.” 
Mo Hai took another good and long look at the young man. 
While Mo Xicheng himself may not be too sure of the outcome and impact that this management method would have on the company, and he may be just taking things as they came, at the very least, his steadiness and air of confidence reassured the company staff so that they wouldn’t panic. 
No matter what happened, he would sort it out. 
This son of his didn’t need guidance. 
Mo Hai was comforted by this thought and felt that he was no longer necessary. 
He looked at the young man intently again. 
Oddly, he was feeling exceptionally sentimental today. Thoughts of how he had mistreated Mo Xicheng in the past caught up with him and, finally, he felt a sense of regret. 
He decided that he had to find a chance to make it up to the young man, and to give him the best fatherly love in the world. 
At this thought, Mo Hai turned around and walked away. 
– 
Upon receiving the news, Li Shu hurried over to the office. 
The car stopped by the street and she got out of it. She lowered her head at once when she spotted the reporters and tried to be as unnoticeable as possible. She crept into the building hoping to find Mo Xicheng, to see how he was doing.
###Chapter 1632: Epilogue (5) 
Unexpectedly, as Li Shu strode towards the building, she suddenly heard someone yell at her, “Mom!” 
She halted and turned around. Mo Zhi was standing not too far away, looking at her. 
He hadn’t thought that he would run into her at the office as well. 
But when he saw the anxiety in her expression, he suddenly felt uneasy. 
He had been Li Shu’s son once upon a time. 
At that time, Li Shu had been exceptionally stern towards him. She would never smile at him or treat him kindly. 
But what about now
The minute she knew that something had happened to Mo Xicheng, she had rushed over to the office. 
Why had she never treated him as kindly as she did to Mo Xicheng now
It was at this thought that Mo Zhi had called her reflexively. 
They were now standing only five meters apart. 
As he called her, the reporters in the area halted at once and, one by one, they turned around to look. 
They were all stunned to see parties of the scandal right there, so they approached them immediately, hoping to scoop the latest bit of news. 
“May we know why Madam Mo has come to the office? Are you here to stop Mr. Mo Xicheng?” 
“Mr. Mo Zhi, why are you here together with Madam Mo?” 
“Madam Mo, you’ve take care of Mr. Mo Zhi for so many years, don’t you have any affection for him? Why are you being so cold and heartless now?” 
“That’s right, Madam Mo, can you tell us how you feel right now?” 
As Li Shu listened to all these questions and comments, she lowered her head and tried to shake off the group of reporters, walking towards the office building. 
But unexpectedly, as she started to stride away, Mo Zhi came to her. The man knelt in front of her and clung to her legs. 
This happened too quickly and took Li Shu by surprise. 
She looked at Mo Zhi in shock as the man lifted his head and looked back at her steadily. He said, “Mom, mom, are you really going to abandon me? Yao Lili did all those evil things herself, it had nothing to do with me! Mom, although I’m not your real son, what about the relationship we shared for so many years? In my heart, you are my mother. How could you abandon me and kick me out with nothing to my name? I’m my father’s son too.” 
Mo Zhi cried as though he had been terribly wronged and even the people around started to feel sad just by listening to his wailing. 
He had once been a high-standing young master, but now he looked so dispirited. It was heartbreaking to see such a contrast. 
The reporters who had gathered around sighed. 
“That’s right, even if he isn’t your real son, there is nothing more precious than raising someone. This also creates love and care for the child. Madam Mo, do you really feel nothing?” 
“Madam Mo, can you really bear to see him like this?” 
“Madam Mo, is it true that you have never given Mo Zhi any attention?” 
The questions were becoming more cutting, until finally, one of them suddenly asked, “Have you ever been a good mother?!” 
The moment this question was asked, everyone looked at her simultaneously. 
Indeed, if she had been a good mother, how couldn’t she have any feelings for Mo Zhi now
Li Shu, whose expression was numb, lifted her head slowly when she heard this question. 
Then she looked at the reporter who had asked this question and glared at him. He lowered his head and didn’t dare to speak another word.
###Chapter 1633: Epilogue (6) 
Li Shu had a strong presence even though she was a small lady. Her unique aura made people afraid of being too reckless in front of her. 
When everyone was quite sure that Li Shu was not going to answer the question, she suddenly said, “I’m not a good mother.” 
Everyone was taken aback. 
She continued clearly and unhurriedly, “Mo Xicheng grew up under my watch as well, and I was unable to treat him like my own because I thought he was the son of a mistress. And now thinking back, it pains my heart. As much as I wasn’t kind to him, I regret it with equal measure.” 
“The love I have given as a mother is poor and lacking. I only have this much of it. After giving it all to Mo Xicheng, I have nothing left for others.” 
“And I am no saint. I’m a selfish person. I was like this in the past and it’s the same now. I am unable to treat the child of a mistress equally. I think this would be the same for any woman.” 
At this point, she gave an icy laugh and continued, “So you can criticize me if you are able to do otherwise.” 
These words were sharp and unapologetic, silencing the reporters at once. 
Indeed. 
If they asked more questions, it only meant they felt they could do what she couldn’t. 
Who among them would tolerate a cheating husband and also treat the illegitimate child as their own? Even if the child were innocent, his existence was in fact the original sin. 
The group remained silent as she looked scornfully at each of them in turn. Finally, her gaze fell on Mo Zhi. 
Even if they had had any affections for each other as mother and child, they had vanished the moment he had smashed her jade bangle. 
So now, there was no need to pretend any kinship existed. 
The reason he had come here, in front of these reporters, was to pressure her with public opinion. 
He thought she would cave and agree to give him some benefits. 
But she would not indeed. 
So what if she admitted her imperfections? She, Li Shu, was but an ordinary woman! 
And if Mo Zhi was hoping to attack Mo Xicheng through her, he could only dream about it. 
At this thought, she gave a frosty snort and looked away from him. She continued walking towards the building. 
Mo Zhi was still kneeling on the ground. 
He hadn’t thought that Li Shu would admit it so readily and he was shocked. 
By the time he got over it, the woman had already walked away towards the office building. 
Mo Zhi clenched his fists tightly as he trembled in anger. 
He was infuriated. 
He was most reluctant to believe that things had gone this way. He was burning with anger, as though fuel had been added to the fire. 
All of a sudden, he felt that he had never hated Mo Xicheng and he had never hated Mo Hai. 
The only person he hated to the core was Li Shu! 
Because since childhood, she had never paid attention to him and just made Mo Hai force him to study. Despite all of his efforts, he would never gain Li Shu’s approval. 
He was nothing in her eyes. 
But why
Why was he nothing and Mo Xicheng was everything
He went berserk at this thought. Unable to hold himself back any longer, he hollered, “Li Shu! Go to hell!” 
Then he charged at the woman and lunged at her.
###Chapter 1634: Epilogue (7) 
Mo Zhi was beside himself with fury. 
He realized that if he didn’t manage to get the money, he would never be able to free himself from the evil clutches of Big Belly. If that were to happen, he would forever live a disgusting and appalling life. He might be better off dead! 
But if he was going to die, he would take a scapegoat down with him. 
Hence as he charged towards Li Shu, he withdrew a knife. 
It was the sort of large fruit knife that was used to cut open melons, it was sharp. 
The reporters with sharp eyes quickly retreated when they saw the fruit knife. At once, everyone got out of the way. 
Very quickly, Mo Zhi came up to Li Shu. 
This was in all probability the bravest thing the man had ever done in his life. 
He stared at his knife as it was about to pierce Li Shu’s chest, as he was about to cut off her last breath, focusing all of his hatred on it. Then, darkness fell over. 
Shh. 
The knife made a dull splash as it plunged into flesh. 
Everything fell silent. 
Mo Zhi looked at the person before him in disbelief. 
He had no idea when Mo Hai had placed himself in front of Lishu. But right now, the blade of that knife was buried in his chest. 
Mo Hai stared steadily at Mo Zhi. 
He looked a little surprised as he lowered his head and stared at his own chest. 
Then he looked up again at Mo Zhi. 
Things had happened too quickly and too suddenly. Only when the searing pain struck, he felt his senses returning. 
He lowered his head and raised both his hands to clutch the knife handle. Then he heard someone behind him yelling in a shocked tone, “Mo- Mo Hai?!” 
He turned around slowly and saw Li Shu, her eyes widened in horror. 
He noticed how, when widened like that, there were visible wrinkles in the corners of her eyes. 
Her skin was not as perfect as it had been in her youth. 
As he stared at her, scenes of their youth when he used to pursue her flashed through his mind. He had promised her then that the greatest joy in his life would be to grow old with her. 
He had also vowed that he would never let her down. 
He had told her he would be by her side for the rest of their lives. 
But now… it was only now… 
That he realized he had kept none of these promises. 
He had lived the first half of his muddled life in a blur. Then the rest of his life, he had lived trying to make Li Shu fall for him. 
He had wanted her to become his wife and the mother of his children. 
He suddenly smiled as this thought came to him. 
He looked at Li Shu, then clutched his own chest. 
Following this, he heard the woman shriek, “Mo Hai, Mo Hai! How are you feeling? Mo Hai, you have to survive this! Call the ambulance, call the ambulance! Are all you people blind?!” 
Li Shu, who always kept her composure under all circumstances, was now like a mad woman, taking her anger out at the people around. 
As Mo Hai looked at her, his smile broadened. 
Actually, things were good like that. 
He knew that Li Shu would never forgive him. 
Now that he had ultimately let his affections for her go, he would not put her in a difficult position ever again. 
This was the perfect ending for them. 
The moment this thought came to him, his legs weakened and gave way as he dropped on the ground. The blood spilled profusely from his chest.
###Chapter 1635: Epilogue (8) 
Li Shu’s mind went blank. 
She stared at the man in front of her as the deep red blood spread on the fabric, across his chest. He fell on the ground, his pupils dilated. 
She felt a sharp pain in her chest as though it was being squeezed. 
She didn’t know what to do, she didn’t know what she should do. 
She knelt on the ground next to him, her hand clutching his chest, as if trying to push all that blood back in. 
If only that would happen. If only the blood would stop gushing out, then the man had a chance of living. 
She shouted a few words and tried to continue talking, but found that she was choking. 
Her eyes were starting to burn as tears rolled down her face. 
She felt like there was an invisible hand strangling her and she couldn’t speak. 
At this point, someone tapped her on the shoulder. She turned around and saw Mo Xicheng, standing behind her with a grave expression. His eyes were clouded over as he looked at the body on the ground. He said steadily, “Mom, here, let me.” 
The ambulance arrived very shortly and, five minutes later, Mo Hai was carried onto the vehicle. 
Greatly concerned, Li Shu followed inside. 
Her gaze was fixed on Mo Hai as her tears flowed. 
She looked at the man and said, “Mo Hai, you must not die. Wake up, open your eyes.” 
She shouted and then, burying her face in her hands, started to cry. 
She had thought that she no longer loved that man. 
She had thought she would finally be able to make a clean cut and not have anything to do with him anymore. 
She had thought… 
But that was just what she had thought right up till this moment. 
Now she realized that, all this time, she had been deeply suppressing her love for him. 
Otherwise, after so many years of traveling around alone, she would have fallen in love with another man. 
Her heart had not fallen out of love during their marriage. On the contrary, her heart had always been with this man. 
She looked at the man on the stretcher and found herself reaching for his hand, crying. “Mo Hai, wake up. I’m not allowing you to die, you know?! Can you hear me? Open your eyes! You owe us, mother and son, a lot of many things and you have to pay up. You can’t just die like this! Mo Hai, open your eyes! Can you hear me? Mo Hai!!” 
She cried like she was a lost child, and her only wish was for the person she cared about to wake up. 
But that knife plunged into Mo Hai’s chest looked too big and too painful. 
As she was crying, Mo Hai suddenly gripped her hand in response. 
Taken aback, she raised her head and saw that pair of eyes on Mo Hai’s pale face opening slowly. 
She stared at him with her bloodshot eyes. The moment she saw that he had come to, she cried out, “Mo Hai, you’re awake! Nothing must happen to you, I’m not allowing anything to happen to you, you hear me? Didn’t you say it? That you’d listen to me all your life, so I’m telling you now, I want you alive, alive!” 
Even if they couldn’t be together, she wanted him to be alive. 
As long as he was alive, that was enough for her. 
But now… 
Mo Hai held her hand tightly, his deep eyes staring back at her were filled with tenderness and lingering sentiments. He suddenly said, “Li Shu, I’m sorry.”
###Chapter 1636 .＆nbsp;com
Chapter 1636: Epilogue (9) 
That apology held the weight of more than twenty years of sorrow and grief. Li Shu lost all composure and broke down in tears in the ambulance. 
All her life, the only regret she had had was marrying Mo Hai. 
Among all her suitors, Mo Hai had been the most shameless in pursuing her. 
At first, she would always think that he was a playboy who didn’t know what love was, and that flirting with her was just a passing fad for him. 
But she had not expected that he would leave his frivolous lifestyle and go after her wholeheartedly for three years. 
In those three years, he had never rested. 
His effort and persistence did not go unnoticed by her. 
In the end, she had said yes to him. 
In the first half a year into their marriage, he had truly been good to her. She had even forgotten the womanizer he had used to be. 
But unexpectedly, into her final month of pregnancy, another woman appeared before her, heavily pregnant as well. 
It devastated her so much at the time that she even gave birth prematurely. 
Eventually… 
After she gave birth, this whole problem became something that she had never been able to get past. 
Even though it had just been a studid drunk moment on Mo Hai’s part, not that he had any feelings at all for Yao Lili. 
But even a purely physical affair was intolerable. 
She knew that Mo Hai loved her and, in the process of conquering her, she had fallen in love with him too. 
She was a person who took promises seriously. When they got married, they promised each other that they would support each other all their lives, so this was what she wanted to do. 
At the time, Mo Hai had pleaded with her, hence she never divorced him 
But every time Mo Hai had tried to get intimate with her, she could not help thinking about the circumstances under which Mo Hai had been intimate with Yao Lili. A feeling of disgust would overwhelm her, making it impossible for her to let things go. 
Hence for the next twenty years, the two of them had lived in mutually tormenting each other. 
Although they had loved each other, his mistake caused them to live in pain for many years. 
She knew that their divorce now was the right step to take. 
To save the last bit of goodwill they had for each other. 
Thus, she had cold-heartedly rejected Mo Hai’s plea for a reconciliation. This was the only way to release the both of them from the pain. 
But she had not expected that Mo Hai would go to this extent for her. 
She cried her eyes out. 
As she looked at Mo Hai through her tears, he continued, “Li Shu, I said that I would be by your side for the rest of our lives, but now… I can’t. I thought about it. This… is the best ending for us. You don’t have to bear with me anymore and, at the same time, love me. And I… did not lose you in the end, isn’t it so?” 
He didn’t have to face losing her, being alone till the end, feeling the pain for the rest of his life. All that to him was a relief. 
They had loved each other for a lifetime, but Yao Lili and Mo Zhi’s existence was like a thorn in the flesh that would never go away. 
Li Shu kept looking at him. 
As she did so, she finally buried her face in her hands and cried aloud. 
She didn’t want Mo Hai to die. 
But she knew that if he lived, it would be impossible for her to be with him. 
Just like the man had said, if he died, she would always remember him fondly. 
She would let all the bad things in the past go. 
But… 
“Don’t die, please, I beg of you, don’t die, I forgive you.” 
With those words, the knot in Mo Hai’s heart finally loosened. 
Not long after, the equipment in the ambulance started to beep.
###Chapter 1637: Epilogue (10) 
The medical team rushed up and started the emergency procedures in the ambulance. 
Li Shu kept staring at Mo Hai. One of the doctors knocked into her accidentally and she stumbled back into a corner. 
The doctors took no notice of her as they prepared the equipment in their last attempt to save him. 
She continued to stare at Mo Hai, at the wound from the knife and the blood that was gushing out from it. She stared at the corner of his mouth, that was stained with the red blood he coughed up, and at his body, that kept shaking… until everything was completely still. 
She felt as though her heart had been torn apart in a bloody mess. 
Clenching her fists tightly, she stared at Mo Hai’s face. He had been throwing up blood and was now in a sorry state. 
The paleness of his face made him look a few years younger. In that vague moment, she thought that she was looking at the young Mo Hai from when he first tried to pursue her—the Mo Hai who had fought to make her fall for him as loud and powerfully as he could, as though he was afraid that the world did not know he was pursuing her. 
It had been his persistence that had created this tragedy. 
She had known from the start that they were incompatible. 
She was picky when it came to relationships. 
But he was frivolous and flighty. 
Who would have thought that after all this time, they would come to where they were today
Li Shu trembled. At this point, she felt a warm touch on her shoulder. 
Taken aback, she looked up. Mo Xicheng was there, looking steadily at her. 
Her heart was a void, so his presence put her at ease. She reached out and took his hand as tears rolled down her cheeks. “Mo Xicheng, your dad…” 
Upon hearing these words, he shook his head. 
Then darkness descended upon her as she passed out. 
Mo Xicheng looked at the unconscious Li Shu and sighed. 
What sort of sorrow would cause her so much pain? What sort of despair would cause her to be so completely incapable of hiding her pain
He turned to look at Mo Hai. All his life, this man had been like an enemy to him. Even though Mo Hai had eventually handed the family business over to him, their relationship as father and son had never been fixed. 
Because he despised Mo Hai. 
He had never looked at the man as a father. 
But at that moment, he walked up to the man and looked at him, silently thinking, “Dad, you have to wake up.” 
After this thought, an expression of respect came over his face. 
No matter if a man failed as a father, or failed in his business, the fact that he would shield the woman he loved from a knife attack was good enough for him to be respected. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his gaze and picked Li Shu up. He looked at the doctors trying to rescue Mo Hai in the narrow space of the ambulance. 
Soon, the vehicle arrived at the hospital. 
The doctors pushed the stretcher along as they dashed to the emergency room. 
Half an hour later. 
The operating theater’s door swung open. A doctor walked out and shook his head at Mo Xicheng, saying, “Sorry, we tried our best.” 
Upon hearing these words, Mo Xicheng, who had been quite sure that he wasn’t too sad, suddenly found himself tearing up. He felt a sharp sting at the top of his nose. 
He nodded and then turned around. He walked to the standard wards. 
Li Shu was lying on the hospital bed. Her sleep was troubled. 
As he was worried that she would be too sad and distraught, Mo Xicheng had requested the doctor to inject her with a stabilizer. He wanted her to have a good sleep before waking up to this cruel reality.
###Chapter 1638: Epilogue (11) 
However, looking at Li Shu’s state, Mo Xicheng suddenly realized he had no idea how to tell her. 
At that moment, he heard hurried footsteps coming from the corridor. 
He turned and saw Shi Nianyao running towards him, panting. 
She saw Mo Xicheng and instantly asked, “I came as fast as possible once I heard the news. How’s Aunty? Where’s Uncle?” 
Mo Xicheng stared at her and said, “He’s dead.” 
Shi Nianyao was stunned on the spot by his calm words. 
– 
Li Shu was lying on the hospital bed. Someone still had to arrange Mo Hai’s funeral. 
Mo Xicheng calmly watched the medical personnel clean Mo Hai’s body and put clothes on him. Then they pushed him into the mortuary. He arranged a date with the staff for taking Mo Hai to the crematorium before leaving with Shi Nianyao. 
As they walked, he suddenly heard some people talking behind him. 
“Why doesn’t Idol Mo look sad at all?” 
“I know, right? It looks as if he’s dealing with an outsider.” 
“But isn’t the person who died his father?” 
“Don’t all of you know? Idol Mo didn’t have a good relationship with his father. His father always thought that he was the son of the mistress, so he hit and scolded him his whole life.” 
“But even if that’s the case, he must have some feelings for his father.” 
“He’s such a cold person. His mother was so sad she even fainted. Aish!” 
“Don’t bother about it. We will never understand the lives of the rich.” 
“…” 
Shi Nianyao tightened her fist when she heard this. She turned around and walked towards them. When she was about to open her mouth to say something, Mo Xicheng grabbed her arm. 
Shi Nianyao looked back in confusion and saw Mo Xicheng shake his head to her. 
Shi Nianyao then suppressed the anger in her heart and walked out alongside Mo Xicheng. 
Li Shu would still not wake up any time soon. 
Thus, Mo Xicheng followed Shi Nianyao to the garden outside the hospital. Both of them sat there quietly and Shi Nianyao looked at Mo Xicheng, not saying anything. 
After a while, Mo Xicheng looked at Shi Nianyao and said, “Actually, I’m really not sad about his death.” 
Shi Nianyao halted for a moment. 
Mo Xicheng turned his head and looked into the distance. He was looking at the nature and plants in front of him, but he also seemed like he was looking through these plants, at something else. 
He pursed his lips and kept silent for a moment. Then he continued, “He wasn’t nice to me. Since young, he always hit and scolded me. In fact, he never treated me as his son. When he looked at me, his gaze was always full of anger. Especially every time my mom came back from abroad, he would always treat me like that. So I really don’t care about him. I won’t be sad, even if he has died.” 
Shi Nianyao tensed her jaw. 
Mo Xicheng continued. “Since he passed away, then just let it be. It’s also a good thing, our family can be calmer in the future.” 
Shi Nianyao still kept silent. 
Mo Xicheng spoke again. “Nianyao, do you think that I’m too cold?” 
Shi Nianyao remained silent and stared at him. 
Mo Xicheng moved his gaze away from the intense stare of her innocent eyes. 
Then he sighed. “What should I do? I know that he hasn’t treated me well and, after his death, I will be able to handle the company well. So why do I actually feel a little uncomfortable in my heart?”
###Chapter 1639: Epilogue (12) 
Shi Nianyao’s eyes reddened at his words. 
She actually didn’t care much about what happened Mo Hai. 
She hadn’t thought that Mo Hai and Li Shu would end well, with Mo Hai being a man who had betrayed his wife. 
But her heart suffered for her idol. 
Mo Xicheng had to be feeling very confused and messed-up inside at that moment. 
Mo Hai had loved and doted on Mo Zhi the most since they were children. Mo Xicheng had tried so hard to make Mo Hai notice him, but he had never bothered about him. 
And now, Mo Hai had been hurt by his own son, the one he had doted on the most. Was this karma
However, from the start till the end, the person who had suffered the most was Mo Xicheng. eα. ?m
Even though the ones at fault had gotten the punishment they deserved, nothing could pay back the suffering Mo Xicheng had gone through when he was young. It was impossible for it to disappear. 
As Shi Nianyao thought so, she stood up and walked to Mo Xicheng’s side. She stuck out her arms and hugged him. 
Mo Xicheng held her hands and then continued staring in front of him. He was still in a daze. 
After a while, Mo Xicheng saw the police officers walk over. 
The police officers had come to retrieve evidence, as Mo Hai’s death hadn’t been natural. 
Since there had been many people who had personally witnessed the scene and they were all reporters, they had sensitively recorded evidence of Mo Zhi killing Mo Hai. Thus there was almost no doubt that the murderer was Mo Zhi. 
But at this moment, Mo Zhi had disappeared. 
The police had started to search for Mo Zhi throughout the whole city. 
“May I ask if you know where Mo Zhi is? We have looked everywhere, but we can’t find him,” the police officer asked. 
Mo Xicheng narrowed his eyes and said, “He seemed to be with a man called Big Belly. He is a loan shark.” 
“We know that too. We have already found Big Belly, but Big Belly said that Mo Zhi didn’t go back. We have searched through his house and we really didn’t see Mo Zhi at all.” 
Mo Xicheng was shocked. Then he suddenly recalled something and lowered his head. “I know where he might be. I’ll take you to him.” 
The police officers nodded. 
Mo Xicheng instantly stood up, nodded his head at Shi Nianyao and started walking to the hospital. 
The two police officers looked at each other and followed him. 
Mo Xicheng didn’t go elsewhere, he went straight to the mortuary. 
Mo Hai’s body had been temporarily placed there until Li Shu woke up and dealt with it. 
As they approached it, they already saw a person standing at the door of the mortuary. The person was peeking inside. 
He was tiptoeing and looking at what was happening in the mortuary. His whole body was almost leaning completely on the door. 
There were still blood stains on his face and he looked really pathetic and scared. 
Some medical personnel walked past him and they couldn’t resist taking a few glances at him. However, they stayed at a distance, since they were scared. 
When the police officers saw him, they instantly matched his face to the photograph they had. It was indeed Mo Zhi. 
The two of them exchanged a glance and prepared to take action. Then they slowly moved towards Mo Zhi and charged at him. 
“Don’t move, we are the police!” 
They rushed over and handcuffed Mo Zhi speedily. They pressed his shoulders down. 
Mo Zhi’s body bounced up and he said, “Let me see him, let me see him. Dad, dad! I really didn’t mean it, Dad, why would I kill you? Dad, let me see you, let me see you!” 
“Sob, sob sob, Dad, let me see you! It’s me, I’m Mo Zhi.”
###Chapter 1640: Epilogue (13) 
He shouted these words, so the two police officers exchanged glances and looked back at Mo Xicheng. 
Mo Xicheng stared at him and suddenly lowered his head. “Ok, if you want to look, we’ll let you look.” 
As the relative of the victim, the police officers had no rights to when he allowed Mo Zhi to do so. 
They let go of Mo Zhi and pushed the door open. 
Then they brought Mo Zhi before Mo Hai. 
His eyes were closed, as if he had fallen asleep. It didn’t look like he had died. 
Mo Zhi stared at Mo Hai and as he looked, he suddenly pounced to his side and said, “Dad, wake up! Dad, wake up please!” 
Last time, in order to take the assets from him, he had thought about killing Mo Hai. But that had just been a moment of rashness. He had never ever thought that Mo Hai would really die. 
But at this moment, when Mo Hai’s cold and lifeless body was in front of him, he was breaking down. 
He stared at the body and his irises swelled. He was going mad. “Dad, Dad, open your eyes and look at me.” 
Mo Xicheng stood at the door and stared at Mo Zhi. 
At the end, Mo Zhi was crying intensely. He squatted down on the floor and curled into a ball. 
Mo Zhi had never really been a bad man. Although he had gone overboard many times due to his little evil thoughts, if one had asked him to really kill his own father, he still wouldn’t have been able to do it. 
He knelt on the ground in guilt and was completely unable to get up. 
He was dragged out by the police officers in the end. 
Mo Xicheng stared at his back and narrowed his eyes. 
After a while, he suddenly picked up his phone and called his assistant. “Help me find a lawyer and send him to the hospital immediately.” eα. ?m
The assistant obeyed. 
– 
When Li Shu woke up, both Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng were by her side. 
Actually, she hadn’t slept really well. In her sleep, her eyes had been constantly turning and when she woke up, she was still shouting, “Mo Hai, move away!” 
Then she suddenly opened her eyes 
When she saw the two of them, Li Shu was still slightly stunned. 
After she returned to her senses, she instantly recalled what had happened before she had fainted. She instantly frowned and said, “Mo Xicheng, your father, your father- he- he-” 
She could no longer finish her sentence. 
Mo Xicheng knew what she was going to say. He lowered his eyes, walked to Li Shu’s side and said, “Mom, Dad has left us.” 
Li Shu was stunned and her gaze lost focus. 
Mo Xicheng and Shi Nianyao exchanged glances. They bent over Li Shu as he spoke softly, “Mom, Dad’s body is in the mortuary. Do… you want to go and see him?” 
Li Shu was stunned. She hesitated for a while and then shook her head. 
She wanted the memories Mo Hai had left her with to remain when he had been the most handsome, not the cold and lifeless body lying in the mortuary. 
She lowered her eyes and said, “Ok, I understand it. I’m alright, don’t worry.” 
Don’t worry
Looking at her state now, how could they not worry
Mo Xicheng paused for a moment and then squatted in front of her again. “Mom, the dead are dead. Dad blocked the knife for you so that you would continue living happily. You must continue living well for him, ok?”” 
After Li Shu heard his words, she nodded. 
Just at that moment, there was a knock on the door and the assistant entered together with the lawyer.
###Chapter 1641: Epilogue (14) 
After the assistant entered, he spoke to Mo Xicheng. “Mr. Mo, I brought the lawyer.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. 
He turned his head and took a glance at Li Shu. Then he lowered his eyes and said, “Mom, I—” 
“If you have anything to discuss, you can do it outside. I’m fine.” 
Mo Xicheng was still worried. “But—” 
“No buts. Don’t worry, Mom is very calm. You haven’t gotten married and haven’t given birth to kids. Besides, I owe you so much, I would never leave you. I must live well and make up for what your father and I owe you. So child, go finish what you have to do. I will get over it, I will get over it one day.” 
Seeing how calm Li Shu was, Mo Xicheng couldn’t help but sigh deeply in his heart. 
Never in his life had he seen Li Shu lose her composure like today. 
It was clear how deep her love for Mo Hai had been. 
He sighed and walked out of the room with Shi Nianyao. 
The lawyer his assistant had brought was sitting on the sofa outside. When he saw Mo Xicheng, he stood up instantly and said, “Nice to meet you, Mr. Mo.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded at him and asked him to sit down. Before he could say anything, the lawyer spoke, “Mr. Mo, I know what happened. This matter is actually quite easy to settle. Mo Zhi killed Mo Hai in front of so many people. He will definitely be unable to escape charges for premeditated murder. He will receive an immediate death sentence and, as long as I take action, there’s definitely nothing that will go wrong—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Mo Xicheng interrupted him. “You’re wrong. I have invited you over to fight the case for Mo Zhi.” 
Everyone, the lawyer, the assistant as well as Shi Nianyao, were all instantly stunned. 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head and said plainly, “I want you to be Mo Zhi’s lawyer. Say that he killed someone due to his mental state. Although it was still a homicide, he won’t have to die and the punishment will be lighter.” 
The lawyer felt ill after hearing what Mo Xicheng had said. He stared at Mo Xicheng, wondering if he had heard him wrongly. 
He stammered and said, “Ah- this- that- there’s no problem. Heh, I knew that all the rumors about Mr. Mo not having feelings were fake. Look at that, Mo Zhi has accidentally killed your father, but you cannot bear to watch your own younger brother get killed like that, right? In this case, even if Mo Zhi has gone mad, he still won’t be able to escape punishment. The lowest punishment for him would be being jailed for life.” 
Mo Xicheng had no reaction to the lawyer trying to flatter him. He only nodded plainly and said, “I heard that Mo Zhi borrowed from Big Belly, the loan shark. What Big Belly is doing is illegal too, right?” 
The lawyer instantly nodded. “It is illegal, but this matter isn’t a big deal. It is just illegal management.” 
Mo Xicheng nodded. “But he’ll at least be given three to five years of punishment, right?” 
The lawyer was stunned, but he instantly understood. “Are you helping Mr. Mo Zhi take revenge? There’s no problem about this either! I can help you sue Big Belly!” 
Mo Xicheng nodded, stood up and said, “Ok, just these two matters. As for the fees, you can discuss it with my secretary.” 
The lawyer and assistant walked out. 
Shi Nianyao stared at the two men leaving 
Mo Xicheng suddenly spoke, “Nianyao, I’m not the type of person he was speaking about—” 
Shi Nianyao didn’t wait for him to finish before covering his mouth. 
Mo Xicheng paused. 
Shi Nianyao looked at him with a clear gaze. “I know what you mean.”
###Chapter 1642: Epilogue (15) 
Mo Xicheng lowered his head and explained calmly, “I feel that if Mo Zhi were to just die like this, we’d be letting him off too easily. If he feels remorseful about killing my father, then he should live and spend his days in jail, guilt-ridden. And I’m thinking that since Big Belly is so fond of him, they can meet in jail and develop their relationship there. I want Mo Zhi to suffer all his life. He was so good to Mo Zhi, how could he be so cruel?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
She had already thought of these things without Mo Xicheng having to mention them. 
However, she did not expect Mo Xicheng’s next question, “Are you disappointed in me?” 
She was surprised. 
So this was why he was feeling troubled. 
He was worried about showing this dark side of himself and that she would think less of him. 
She stopped smiling immediately and said with a serious expression, “Mo Xicheng, I love you for who you are, not just certain aspects. I like everything good and bad about you. Everything.” 
“Besides, don’t forget my background. I’m used to seeing these sorts of fights. I’d be worried about my own taste in men if, on the contrary, you were like a saint and forgave Mo Zhi! We should take revenge as needed.” 
Seeing that Shi Nianyao had said this with so much conviction, he lowered his head. 
– 
Li Shu was discharged from the hospital very shortly. 
Not a single time before she was discharged did she go to see Mo Hai in the mortuary. 
He was cremated a few days later. 
Following the wake and funeral, Mo Zhi’s trial date arrived. 
He was found guilty of first degree murder and given a life sentence. 
Big Belly, on the other hand, was found guilty of private usury and sentenced to three years in jail. . 
The day the verdict was read, Mo Xicheng had gone to the court to listen. 
After the verdict was out, Mo Zhi walked past Mo Xicheng as he was being escorted by the police to be taken to the prison. 
Mo Zhi asked him, “Why did you get me a lawyer?” 
Initially, ashen-faced, he had thought this case would be the end of him. But unexpectedly, this had been the outcome and it had greatly surprised him. 
After initially thinking that the man was going to be Mo Xicheng’s lawyer, he was further taken aback when the man had fought on his behalf. 
Mo Xicheng did not bother answering his questions. 
Mo Zhi still had plenty of imagination. “This must have been Dad’s request before he died.” 
His eyes reddened at once as he said, “I didn’t think that Dad would be so kind towards me, even right before his death. I actually killed him. It was Li Shu who should have died! It should have been her!! Not Dad! Dad died because of her, and what about her? Why is she still alive? Why should she be?!” 
Mo Xicheng widened his eyes as he glared at Mo Zhi. 
This caused Mo Zhi to swallow the rest of his words in fright. 
Mo Xicheng cast his gaze down and said to the man, “Don’t you worry, I’ll make sure you and Yao Lili have a chance to see each other in jail.” 
Before Mo Zhi could answer to this, he was escorted by the police. 
Then he got into the police car and they drove towards the prison. 
He was given his prison clothes to change into and had his hair shaved off. They took his belongings from him and he entered the building that he would never be able to leave for the rest of his life. 
The gate shut with a loud clang behind him, cutting him off completely from the outside world. 
He walked ahead fearfully, and as he did so, he suddenly caught sight of Yao Lili, who was taking a break. 
At the same time, Yao Lili also spotted him.
###Chapter 1643: Epilogue (16) 
Mo Zhi’s eyes lit up at once. 
The moment Yao Lili saw him, she was stunned. 
Because it was break time, the prisoners were free to do whatever they wanted. Yao Lili immediately rushed towards Mo Zhi, grabbed his arm and asked, “Why are you in here? What happened?” 
As the prisoners had no access to the outside world, Yao Lili had no idea that Mo Hai was dead. 
Mo Zhi opened his mouth to speak but fell silent again. Yao Lili got angry at once and demanded, “Was it Mo Xicheng? Did he do this to you so that he could inherit the Mo family estate? This is too much! Where’s your dad? Only your dad can get you out of here now! The only person in this world you can depend on is your dad!” 
But upon saying these words, she noticed that Mo Zhi’s eyes had reddened. She paused and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Crying now, the man answered, “Dad- Dad has passed away.” 
Before she could finish explaining, Yao Lili gasped in shock and said, “Impossible! He’s so young, how could he be dead? Tell me, who killed him?! Did Mo Xicheng and Li Shu both kill him so that they could inherit the Mo family estate?!” 
Mo Zhi fell silent upon hearing these words. Then he shut his eyes and answered, “I killed him.” 
Yao Lili: … 
The world seemed to have fallen into a dead silence. 
Mo Zhi opened his eyes to a shocked expression on Yao Lili’s face. “Are you nuts?! You killed him? Who do you think you’ve killed?! That was your father, no one in the world would treat you better than he would. No matter what you’ve done wrong, he was the only one who would have helped you unconditionally!” 
Greatly saddened by these words, Mo Zhi waved his hand with impatience and said, “I know all these things you’re saying. I didn’t do it on purpose! I was going to kill Li Shu, but Dad intervened and took the blow.” 
Yao Lili was stunned upon hearing his words. “What did you say? He took the blow for her? And he’s dead? Huh, he usually didn’t even spare me a glance, but he’d take a blow for Li Shu.” 
At this thought, the woman retreated a few steps and dropped on the ground, feeling that there was no more hope in her life. 
She had thought she had everything planned many years ago, but now Mo Hai was dead. She had toiled for more than twenty years, but now it all came to nothing. ?n?а. ?m
Her son was next to her, in this prison. 
When she had been first locked in this place, she had a little hope in her still, yet now she was completely devastated. 
Looking at her, Mo Zhi suddenly felt annoyed. He walked around her and headed towards his cell. 
In the prison, the cells were normally shared. 
He came to the entrance of his cell. Just as he pushed the door open, he heard a familiar voice saying, “Oh look, isn’t that Mo Zhi?” 
Mo Zhi froze and then looked up with a snap of his head. Then he saw Big Belly sitting in the cell. 
There were a few others in the cell. One was massaging Big Belly’s shoulders and one was cutting his nails for him. Obviously, Big Belly had found himself a few lackeys. 
Mo Zhi widened his eyes in horror and turned around in an attempt to run away. 
But suddenly, a hand fell on him and gripped his shoulder. Following this, he was yanked back into the cell. 
Pitiful cries could be heard coming from the cell.
###Chapter 1644: Epilogue (17) 
“So you’re saying Mo Zhi is in jail together with Big Belly?” Si Jingyu widened her eyes as she stared at Shi Jinyan. 
They had been paying close attention to everything that was happening in Mo Xicheng’s family and knew about everything in detail. 
Shi Jinyan nodded. 
Stunned, the woman asked, “Isn’t that a little cruel?” . o
Shi Jinyan narrowed his eyes and replied, “If it were me, I wouldn’t be as kind. You need to be tough when you’re dealing with someone who has been harming you since childhood, someone who would even kill his own father!” 
Si Jingyu sighed in relief when she heard this. She raised her head and exchanged a glance with Shi Nianyao, who was standing by the side. 
Both of them had been worried that Shi Jinyan and Shi Xun would criticize Mo Xicheng and wouldn’t let Shi Nianyao stay with the man. 
But after hearing Shi Jinyan’s assessment of him, they ceased worrying. 
At this thought, Si Jingyu coughed softly and looked at Shi Nianyao again, saying, “But now that Mo Xicheng is done with managing his father’s funeral, it seems you may have to delay your wedding plans.” 
Shi Nianyao was taken aback and asked, “Why?” 
Shi Xun interrupted before Si Jingyu could speak, “Because there’s been a death in the family! The family is forbidden to hold a wedding within the next three years!” 
“What?!” Shi Nianyao almost hit the roof. “Three years?!” 
Her idol had told her that, once he had settled his family business, he would announce the wedding. 
But now they had to wait three years?! 
How could this have happened
She pouted and was about to protest when Shi Jinyan said, “That long? Three years?” 
Shi Xun nodded and said, “That’s right. Besides, our Nianyao is still young. She really doesn’t have to get married so soon. She can get married in three years and, after that, wait three years more before she thinks about having kids. That’s not bad!” 
He said this with a serious tone, but Si Jingyu frowned at once and retorted, “The ideal time for a woman to have children is between the ages of 25 and 30, so what you’ve said makes sense. But for these two, who are madly in love, it seems a little cruel to keep them apart.” 
“What’s so cruel about it? If he can’t endure it, he’s free to go. Our Nianyao doesn’t lack options! Besides, why should we wait three years for him?” 
In wealthy families, the sons and daughters generally got married at a younger age. Indeed, in three years, Nianyao would be a little over the hill. 
Shi Xun was somewhat grumpy as he made this point. 
Shi Jinyan got to his feet immediately upon hearing this and said at once, “What are you talking about? It’s not like we don’t have a solution.” 
All three of them turned simultaneously to look at him. “What solution do you have?” 
Shi Jinyan coughed lightly and said, “Well, that would be… to get married within seven days of Mo Hai’s death.” 
Everyone: … 
Si Jingyu was not impressed to hear this. “Marrying our daughter off in such a hurry is not good for Nianyao’s reputation!” 
Shi Jinyan frowned as well. 
Shi Xun snorted icily and added, “Besides, why should we look as though we’re in a hurry to marry her off when his family hasn’t even expressed their intentions to do so? I don’t get the sense that they’re in a hurry, so why should we be?” 
Shi Xun’s words drew the wrath of the rest. 
Si Jingyu spoke up, “You shouldn’t say that. Li Shu and Mo Hai really cared for each other. Who’d have thought—” 
Just as she said these words, the butler exclaimed from outside, “Sir, Madam, Madam Li Shu is here!”
###Chapter 1645: Epilogue (18) 
Li Shu was here
Everyone in the room was stunned. 
Following this, Si Jingyu stood up hurriedly and said, “Hurry up and invite her into the house!” 
The butler nodded and went to invite Li Shu in. 
It pained everyone to see how lonely and desolate she looked when she walked in. Her eyes were bloodshot. nn. 
Seeing her this way and recalling Li Shu’s more glorious days made Si Jingyu sigh suddenly. 
Li Shu had been such an ambitious woman, and so obstinate. But now, she had become quite another person because of Mo Hai. It was unexpected. 
She rushed to Li Shu, took her hands and said, “Li Shu, you have to take it easy. Mo Hai is gone. Surely, he wouldn’t wish to see you like this.” 
Li Shu sighed as her eyes reddened. Unlike the strong person she usually was, she was now sentimental and emotional. She said, “Jingyu, lately, I keep having this thought.” 
“What thought?” Si Jingyu held the woman’s hand as she led her to take a seat on the sofa. 
Li Shu continued, “Wouldn’t it have been better if I had never married Mo Hai? At the time, I already knew that he wasn’t someone who could bear loneliness. I already knew back then that I wouldn’t be able to handle betrayal even once. So why did I even say yes to him?” 
Si Jingyu immediately sighed and said, “Enough already. Don’t think about it anymore.” 
Li Shu nodded, but continued feeling depressed. She said, “I don’t know what’s wrong with myself. I feel lonely when I’m home alone. I have never felt this way, even though I lived away from Mo Hai before, because I knew he was there next to me, no matter how far I went. I could go home whenever I was tired, and I’d see him around. After so many years, I realize I’m emotionally dependent on him.” 
Si Jingyu understood that feeling. 
If Shi Jinyan were to leave her all of a sudden, she would be devastated too. Perhaps, it would be impossible to go on even. 
At this thought, Si Jingyu couldn’t help tearing up. She held Li Shu’s hands tightly and said, “Say no more. From now on Mo Xicheng will be your pillar! You’re not alone, you have Mo Xicheng!” 
Li Shu continued to shake her head as she said, “But he has to work. And the child is young still. How can I hold him back from his career? He has to film too, on top of going to work. He’s been losing weight these days.” 
Hearing this gave Shi Nianyao a heartache. “We have to remind him to take care of his health!” 
Li Shu nodded and said, “You’re a good kid.” 
She extended her hand towards Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao walked over to her, sat down and said, “Auntie, you have to take care of your own health. Doing that will also relieve the pressure on Mo Xicheng.” 
Li Shu continued nodding with red eyes. She looked at Si Jingyu with envy and remarked, “Jingyu, I really do envy you. You have your children around you watching over you. Although the beginning was tough for you, now… and it’s just the opposite for me. How fortunate was I those years that Mo Hai pursued me? And how proud did I feel? But now, for the next part of my life…” 
Si Jingyu quickly patted Li Shu gently on her shoulder. 
Li Shu immediately said, “I’ll say no more, I’ll say no more.”
###Chapter 1646: Epilogue (19) 
Although she said that, she still lowered her head and sobbed. 
Si Jingyu looked at her and felt rather helpless. 
It took a great deal of pain to make a strong person like her break down to tears in front of others. 
As Si Jingyu was fretting over this, Li Shu lifted her head and said, “Jingyu, did you know that Mo Hai had one wish before he died?” 
Surprised, Si Jingyu asked, “What’s that?” 
“He hoped that Mo Xicheng could get married and have children as soon as possible. This was because he wanted to make up for what he thought he owed the boy after all these years. Hence, our family has decided not to follow the traditional three-year mourning period.” 
The moment she said this, and even before Si Jingyu could speak, Shi Jinyan was infuriated. “Nonsense!” he said. “Mo Xicheng is going to be part of the elite circle for the rest of his life. His background in itself already motivates criticism. By not having him observe filial piety now, aren’t you just setting him up to be a joke in society?” 
Li Shu was stumped by his words. 
She continued crying and said, “But what can I do? Mo Hai wanted him to get married as soon as possible, and I hope to fulfill his last wish. Now, unless they get married within seven days, we’ll have to wait three years. But in seven days, there is barely any time. How could I possibly organize the whole wedding? It would be unfair to Nianyao and I would feel bad about it! As it is, our Mo Xicheng is marrying someone of a higher social status, and now…” 
She buried her face in her hands and cried again. 
Shi Jinyan immediately said, “Stop speaking nonsense. How could organizing a wedding be a problem if our two families combine forces?! We’ll hold a wedding within seven days! Let’s get going now and prepare the wedding. If there are any problems, just let us know. We can fix anything!” 
Upon hearing these words, the crying Li Shu immediately got on her feet. 
She quickly regained her composure and said, “Brother Shi, let’s do it. We don’t need help for anything. The Mo family will make this wedding a successful and grand event. We’ll make sure that it’s presentable! Don’t you worry, we will do Nianyao justice.” 
Having said this, she turned to Si Jingyu and said, “Jingyu, I’ll go now then, if there’s nothing else. Oh, I’ve arranged for Nianyao and Mo Xicheng to take their wedding photos this afternoon. Time is a little tight, so we’ll take some photos to use at the wedding. Later on, we can take more during their honeymoon and make up for it. As for the hotel venue, we may need your help, because all the big hotels in Beijing are booked half a year in advance, so it may get a little troublesome. However, I’ve heard that there is a venue in the Royal Family Hotel that caters to emergency events. If you could help me contact Xiao Munan and ask him to set aside that venue for me. Also…” 
Li Shu went on and on and, finally, she went back to being the devastated damsel that she had been when she arrived. “Jingyu, Brother Shi, don’t worry, after marrying Mo Xicheng, Nianyao will still lead the life of a little princess. I will make sure that she doesn’t suffer the slightest inconvenience!” 
Si Jingyu and Shi Jinyan would both be very stupid if by now they hadn’t figured out that they had been tricked. 
They exchanged a look and were about to speak when Li Shu suddenly took a deep bow towards them. 
This was a gesture of great respect and the two of them were stunned. 
They looked at Li Shu as the woman sighed and said…
###Chapter 1647: Epilogue (20) 
“Desperate times call for desperate measures. I know that you love and protect your daughter. If I hadn’t done this, you would have never agreed. And we would have spent a few days trying to make things look good for our children, but we don’t have time now. I really do apologize for lying, but I meant what I said today.” 
After she had said this, Li Shu looked at them steadily. 
Once again, she was full of manly spirit and tenacity. 
Looking at how she was, Si Jingyu now fell silent and did not speak further. 
Everyone’s gaze shifted to Shi Jinyan, waiting for the head of the family to make his decision. 
He looked at Li Shu and pursed his lips. After a moment, he said, “We don’t have to worry about using the Royal Family Hotel. We’ll find a better place.” 
At once, Li Shu was moved beyond words. 
She nodded at Shi Jinyan with restraint and respect. She then looked ay Si Jingyu and said, “Jingyu, I won’t say more. I will get going now to make preparations. We’ll talk more after the children’s wedding.” 
Si Jingyu nodded as Li Shu turned to leave. Before walking away, she reached out for Shi Nianyao’s hand and reminded the woman, “Remember the wedding photoshoot is this afternoon.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded obediently and said, “Yes, I will, Aunty.” 
Li Shu gave her a few glances and smiled as she walked out. 
Everyone in the living room was still stunned long after she had left. 
They were quiet for ten full minutes before Si Jingyu finally broke the silence and spoke, “So we’ve agreed just like that? To marry off our daughter within seven days? Aren’t we being a little casual about this?” 
Shi Jinyan frowned and replied, “We’ve given our word, so we should abide by it. Let’s not think about it anymore. We have to marry off our daughter in seven days, it’s going to be busy! All of you, put everything else aside and focus your energy on Nianyao’s wedding. There must be no mistakes.” 
“Understood.” 
Everyone replied in unison. 
– 
Li Shu returned home in a hustle and, by now, Mo Xicheng had already been waiting anxiously at the door for a long time. 
When he saw Li Shu’s car in the distance, he immediately went out to greet her. He said as she was getting out of the car, “Mom—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Li Shu smiled and said, “It’s all been settled, hurry up and prepare for your wedding. We will be very busy in the next few days!” 
His eyes shone with delight when he heard this. 
Li Shu suddenly felt a great joy well up within her when she looked at the overjoyed Mo Xicheng. 
This was the first thing she had ever done for her son. 
In the future, there would be a second time, and then a third. 
She would use the rest of her life to make up for all the lost years and all that she owed Mo Xicheng. 
Perhaps, this was the only reason she had to continue living. 
– 
The following days were as busy as they could be. 
Mo Xicheng announced his wedding through various channels. 
At once, it seemed like everyone was wailing. 
It was bad enough that Best Actor Shen had gotten married, and now even Mo Xicheng was taken. 
In the entertainment circle, it was very unlikely that people their age got married. 
However, even though some people could not get past it, others were most supportive. 
Overnight, the internet was full of different opinions and disagreements regarding Mo Xicheng’s wedding. 
Everyone was busy except Shi Nianyao, who was quietly waiting to be the bride. On that particular day, a WeChat message notification came in. It was a message from Pu Yun which said: [“What do you think of our idol’s wedding?”]
###Chapter 1648: Epilogue (21) 
What did she think
She was the one he was marrying, of course she was ecstatic! 
But as his fan, Shi Nianyao felt that if her idol had been getting married to someone else, she would have wished him all the best even if she felt sad. 
As she thought about this, Pu Yun sent another message. [It’s getting chaotic on the WeChat group.] 
Shi Nianyao paused and went into Mo Xicheng’s fanbase WeChat group. 
She realized that a few of the older fans had started an argument. 
[There’s nothing wrong with our idol choosing to get married. We have to show some understanding.] 
[Yeah, yeah, yeah. You are so understanding and we aren’t. He used to belong to all of us, but now he’s going to belong to just one person, aren’t you even a little sad?] 
[Of course I’m sad, but we have to respect his choice.] 
[…] 
They went back and forth. O0ne of the long-time fans, who had started liking Mo Xicheng and pursuing him at around the same time that Shi Nianyao had, suddenly commented: 
[To be honest, our idol was going nowhere for all these years and I never abandoned him. I even felt the injustice on his behalf sometimes. I felt sad for him and troubled that he wasn’t more popular, so I worked hard to promote him in order to make people like him. But what was he doing while I was putting in all this effort for him? Now I know. It’s not that he wasn’t capable of being popular, but rather that he didn’t want to. I suddenly feel that everything I’ve done is a joke. Actually we, the long-time fans, don’t mean much to him. Now he’s finally regained his position and we are happy, but what about him? He doesn’t focus on his acting and instead is going to get married. Can it possibly mean that he changed so much, or even got so popular all of a sudden, for the sake of his wife-to-be, and not us? I’m a little disappointed and I don’t think I want to stan him anymore for now. He can marry whoever he wants, or not. Likewise, we can stan whoever we want, or not. Hence, I do apologize.] 
After this very long message was sent, she left the group. 
When this happened, the group chat turned silent. 
This became the last message in the chat room. 
Pu Yun then chatted with Shi Nianyao privately. [A few of the older fans in the group have sent me private messages to say that they’re leaving the fandom.] ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
Shi Nianyao was saddened at once to hear this. 
They were in the group because they liked Mo Xicheng, but now the man was soon becoming hers only. An inexplicable feeling came over her. 
She asked hesitantly, [What about you?] 
Pu Yun was silent for some time before she replied, [I’m not sure.] 
Then she fell into a long silence again. 
Meanwhile, a few of the older fans left the WeChat group too. 
Shi Nianyao tossed her cell phone aside, extremely disappointed. 
She started to panic a little and lost focus. Was this what they called having cold feet? Or perhaps she was just affected by what had happened in the groupchat. 
Lying on the bed, she couldn’t help reaching out for the cell phone again, to read everyone’s messages. 
Then she realized that Pu Yun had left a message in the groupchat.
###Chapter 1649: Epilogue (22) 
[We are part of this group because we like him. I believe that no matter what happens, we should support him, because we are longtime fans who have gone through this journey with him since day one. Some have ed to his marriage, others are sad. I can understand all that. But as his loyal fan, I want to say that he’s had a hard life up till now. So if his wife-to-be treats him very well and makes him happy, then I wish him the best. Because our existence is only virtual, but his wife-to-be can comfort and accompany him in daily life. We can still continue to support him like before.] 
After this message was posted, there was another long silence. 
After a while, someone finally wrote. [Is his wife the lady in the picture from back then? Actually, she’s quite pretty, they fit each other.] 
[That’s right. The girl looks kind and gentle, but I’m sure she doesn’t understand our idol as much as we do. Wouldn’t it have been great if she had been one of us?” 
[Exactly. Our idol is a busy man, he has no time to chat with us. We could find out about his daily life from his wife. That’s a happy thought too. Pu Yun, do you think you can persuade her to join our group?] 
At once, someone laughed sarcastically and posted: [Stop dreaming. Our idol’s wife is surely from a wealthy family, why would she make time to banter with us on WeChat? It would be impossible for her to be friends with normal people like us.] 
Someone retorted immediately: [So what if she’s wealthy? Since she has married our idol, she will have to join us in liking him. We could make an anthology of his works to showcase how dashing he is. We should start collating his videos. What was his debut?] 
[He was supporting Best Actor Shen at the time. That movie was…] 
The group chat’s members started sending messages and began to get enthusiastic. 
As Shi Nianyao read the content, she couldn’t help but smile. 
After a while, she was tagged. 
[Pu Yun: @Nianyao, if we all gather the resources, will you create the video? You’re best at doing this, so we’ll leave the job to you.] 
Having said this, Pu Yun followed up with another private message to Shi Nianyao, which said: [Nianyao, I believe we both want to wish our idol the best. Let’s make this a wedding gift for our idol. Will you help us all create this video and send it on his wedding day?] 
Would she
She teared up at once. 
Of course she would say yes, how would she say anything other than that
She smiled as she typed: [Of course!] ?nr?d. 
After replying on the private chat, she posted in the group chat: [Sure, of course!] 
Once she agreed on this, everyone started to look for resources and then send them to Nianyao. 
Immediately, the vibe in the group chat took a turn for the better. 
Everything was harmonious and their initial reaction, which had created a negative atmosphere, had now turned quite joyous. 
But as they discussed this, someone suddenly asked: [How are we going to give this to our idol’s wife-to-be when it’s ready?]
###Chapter 1650: Epilogue (23) 
The group chat exploded the moment the question was posted. 
[Exactly, how are we going to pass this to our idol’s future wife? It’s not like we have her WeChat contact. We have no way to get in touch with her.] 
[Pu Yun, could you contact our idol’s manager to try and track down his future wife?] 
[If we do that, won’t our idol think that we’re invading his privacy?] 
[That’s right, what if he gets upset?] 
Observing the discussion, Shi Nianyao couldn’t help commenting: [He won’t.] 
Everyone responded immediately. 
[Why wouldn’t he?] 
[How do you know he won’t] 
Shi Nianyao thought for a moment and then answered: [Because I firmly believe that our idol has never given up on us. Just like even after he inherited the Mo family estate, he is still acting. So his future wife will surely get to know us.] 
Upon hearing this, the group chat’s members went along with her. 
Everyone started preparing the gift. 
Shi Nianyao smiled as she noted the relaxed atmosphere. 
Mo Xicheng was indeed blessed to have such an adorable fandom. 
– 
Time flew by and the days passed very quickly. 
As the couple’s wedding day approached, there was suddenly a great commotion on the group chat. 
Pu Yun sent a message: [Important news!! Our idol’s manager has just contacted me and said that he plans to give us ten seats at our idol’s wedding! Those who are interested please sign up.] 
The group chat’s members were greatly stirred up by the news. 
Those in Beijing expressed their interest—and even those who weren’t in Beijing expressed that they would be willing to fly there for the event. 
With only ten places, the situation was very urgent. 
Pu Yun said: [Does everyone agree that we prioritize the top contributors of the fanclub?] 
Within the fanclub, it was quite obvious to everyone how much each of them contributed. 
As people who had put in a lot of effort for their idol, they naturally agreed, for they finally saw some benefits. 
Hence, Pu Yun started a list in the group chat. 
Shi Nianyao was relieved to see that Pu Yun was doing her best to manage the situation so that no one ended up feeling things were unfair. 
As she was sighing in relief, she saw Pu Yun write her name: [Nianyao.] 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She didn’t need an invitation. 
She didn’t need an invitation to get in! 
As the thought struck her, she saw a private message come in. 
It was one of the group members, and this particular member had contributed a lot, although she didn’t stand out. She wasn’t someone who talked a great deal either. She asked quite directly: [Nianyao, could you let me have your invitation?] 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Indeed, private messaging was only just beginning. 
She was silent for a moment and then typed back: [I’m sorry, I can’t.] 
She would give up her place, but she would do it openly without private transactions. 
Unexpectedly, the person replied: [Okay.] 
Just like that
But as Shi Nianyao was sighing in relief, she noticed that this person had blocked her. 
Shi Nianyao: … 
She shook her head as she navigated back to the group chat to indicate that she didn’t need the invitation. 
Pu Yun expressed her regrets and then took Shi Nianyao’s name down before giving the place to someone else. 
Shi Nianyao thought that the matter would end right there, but unexpectedly, a few hours later, Pu Yun suddenly contacted her and informed her: [Someone sold an invitation to another person.]
###Chapter 1651: Epilogue (24) 
Shi Nianyao thought at once of the person who had sent her the private message and had almost gotten her into trouble. 
Her ID was something like… Yi Yi. 
She typed immediately: [Yi Yi?] 
Pu Yun answered: [That’s right, it’s her. She came looking for me too, to ask if I could let her have the place but I said no. Eventually, she found someone else. I heard she spent tens of thousands to buy herself an invitation.] 
Shi Nianyao: … 
For the sake of meeting her idol, fans were going crazy. 
But again, the person who had actually sold the invitation… Sigh! 
Oh well, it took all kinds to make a world. 
Shi Nianyao was feeling uncomfortable about this when Pu Yun sent another message: [Actually, Yi Yi did us all a great favor once.] 
Surprised, Shi Nianyao asked: [What?] 
[Do you remember when some people said Mo Xicheng was a kept man, and I suggested putting together a video or something?] 
[Yes.] 
[It was Yi Yi’s idea.] 
Shi Nianyao was stunned. 
She had thought initially that Yi Yi was weird for trying to get an invitation, she had been sure she was involved in illegal business. But she hadn’t expected that this person had actually helped Mo Xicheng in the past. 
She frowned and was curious all of a sudden. [What is Yi Yi like exactly?] 
Pu Yun started explaining. [Actually, Yi Yi is quite nice. She doesn’t say much in the group chat, but she always lends a hand when something happens. Although I’m the fandom leader, honestly, all these years, she’s helped me make decisions whenever something happened. Do you remember that when the older fans left the chat group, I sent a long message? Actually, it was hard for me to get past it. She was the one who changed my mind and counseled me. Just that, she’s always been there to offer verbal support, but never really did anything tangible for our idol. And to be honest, I have the gut feeling that she’s not really a fan of our idol, because she hasn’t watched most of his films, just like a… I don’t know how to put it. It’s like someone above us, with a hidden identity. That was why I didn’t include her among the ten places.] 
Shi Nianyao understood Pu Yun’s decision. 
Yi Yi was almost invisible among the group members. 
If Pu Yun had included her, it would have made the rest angry. 
Besides, given Yi Yi’s aloof behavior, Pu Yun hadn’t thought that she wanted an invitation. So it had come as a great surprise that she was willing to pay a high price to purchase it. 
The more Pu Yun explained, the more curious Shi Nianyao got about this person. 
She didn’t think it was too strange to have someone who wasn’t a fan among them, because in every fan group, there was bound to be a handful of people who weren’t exactly loyal fans. 
However, she found it strange that Yi Yi would help Mo Xicheng every time help was needed. 
Even though Shi Nianyao was curious, she very quickly relegated this matter to the back of her mind. 
Because while she didn’t have to do much for the wedding, she was nevertheless quite nervous. 
The wedding was just a day away. All night, Shi Nianyao couldn’t get sleep. 
She was in her bedroom when her cell phone rang. 
She picked up the cell phone and saw it was Mo Xicheng. Quickly, she raised the phone to her ear. 
Then she heard his voice. “Yao Yao, you’re not asleep yet?” 
Shi Nianyao made an affirmative sound and said, “You’re awake too, aren’t you?” 
“I’m just taking a last look at tomorrow’s program. Don’t worry, things will go smoothly.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded and said, “Yes, I know.”
###Chapter 1652: Epilogue (25) 
In the blink of an eye, the big day arrived. 
At 5 a.m., as Shi Nianyao was sleeping soundly, someone pushed away her blanket. iα.＆nbsp;c?
Her vision was blurry as she tried to open her eyes. She heard Si Jingyu say, “Hurry and wake up! The makeup artist is here, don’t be late.” 
Shi Nianyao mumbled, “Mom, it’s only 5 am.” 
“No time for nonsense. You need two hours for the makeup.” 
Shi Nianyao protested, “Can’t we just do simple and casual makeup?” 
“Of course not! Go take a shower!” 
Si Jingyu patted the girl’s shoulder decisively and pushed her to the bathroom. 
Soon afterwards, they heard the sound of running water. 
After taking her shower very quickly, she walked out of the bathroom and sat on the sofa. Then she shut her eyes in an attempt to continue sleeping. 
Because of her nerves the night before, she had chatted with Mo Xicheng till around 1 a.m. before going to sleep. And now she couldn’t keep her eyes open. 
The makeup artist did not waste a moment and started to gently blow dry Shi Nianyao’s hair while dabbing her face with a hot towel with the other hand. Once her hair was dry, she started applying the makeup. 
Before the makeup was done, Tian Tian brought her breakfast. Si Jingyu fed Shi Nianyao a few mouthfuls with a spoon. 
After this, she couldn’t eat anymore. 
Two hours later, Shi Nianyao was finally awake. When she lifted her head and looked into the mirror, she was taken aback. 
The face looking back at her was exquisitely made up. With those perfect features, she was a real beauty to behold. Now all that was left was putting her hair up. 
Si Jingyu brought the wedding dress so that she could change into it, while the makeup artist made the finishing touches on her hair. 
By the time all of this was done, it was 9 a.m. 
Shi Nianyao started to get nervous. She lifted her head and looked out of the window. 
Mo Xicheng’s escorting team had not yet arrived. She reached for her cell phone, hoping that it would distract her and make her less nervous. Unexpectedly, the moment she went on the internet, all platforms had similar headlines: #Mo_Xicheng_Wedding. 
Shi Nianyao coughed softly and swiftly went into WeChat instead. 
However on WeChat, everyone was already engaged in commenting on the wedding. 
The ten fans had already gathered and they were fervently sending news to the rest of the group. 
[We have arrived at the wedding venue. It’s beautifully decorated!” 
They posted pictures and videos. 
Shi Nianyao started to laugh as she saw the decorations at the venue. 
While the unknown was always terrifying, fear would calm down once one saw what it was really like. 
Gradually, Shi Nianyao stopped being nervous. 
It was at this point that Mo Xicheng’s escorting party turned up. 
Shi Nianyao got on her feet immediately and peeked out of the window joyously. 
As the party approached the house, she peered down at them from the window. 
Mo Xicheng had a large escorting party. Shen Liangchuan himself was personally accompanying the groom, it was a grand affair. 
After spotting Shen Liangchuan, Shi Nianyao naturally wondered about where Qiao Lian was. 
As this thought crossed her mind, she saw the party heading upstairs. 
At once, Shi Nianyao bit her lip. Around this time, the room door was suddenly shut firmly. Following this, Su Penghao’s voice was heard, “If you don’t manage to get past me, your bride won’t be leaving with you today!” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
What on earth was that man Su Penghao up to
With him taking the lead in creating trouble, the rest d immediately followed suit. 
Mo Xicheng then saw that Su Penghao had drawn ten red threads from under the door. Then he looked at Mo Xicheng and said, “Among these ten treads, only one leads to Shi NIanyao. If you identify it, I’ll open the door!”
###Chapter 1653: Epilogue (26) 
Mo Xicheng: …!! 
How was he supposed to find it with no clues at all
There were ten red strings, so he only had a ten percent chance. . c?
Mo Xicheng got a headache just looking at it. 
Fan Jie, who was behind him, couldn’t help saying, “Who knows if there is even anyone holding the other end of these ten red strings!” 
After he said so, Shi Nianyao, who was in the room, also couldn’t help replying, “I’m holding one!” 
“Hahahaha!” 
Everyone started laughing. 
Fan Jie shouted, “Sister-in-law, then tell us, which one are you holding?” 
Shi Nianyao’s slightly anxious voice was heard. “I don’t know either. There’s a few here that are jumbled together!” 
Everyone: … 
Su Penghao looked at Mo Xicheng smugly and said, “Don’t think about cheating. Let me tell you, none of you will be able to cheat this time! Hmph.” 
He had liked Shi Nianyao since young. After watching her grow up, she had suddenly been snatched away by that wild man who had appeared out of nowhere. Su Penghao was unwilling to submit. 
He wanted to make things hard for Mo Xicheng. It would be even better if he could cause today’s wedding to be canceled. How great would that be
As he thought so, Su Penghao became increasingly arrogant. 
Looking at Su Penghao’s face, Mo Xicheng could tell what he was thinking. 
In the room, Shi Nianyao also got angry. “Su Penghao, if you dare to delay my wedding today, you’ll die under my hands during yours!” 
Her words caused everyone around to burst into laughter. 
Su Penghao spoke bashfully, “I’m waiting for you. Oh, I’m sooo scared.” 
He was probably not going to get married in his life. Who was afraid
Well, that was what he thought. He thought that he wouldn’t fall in love with anyone else in his whole life, but little did he know that he would fall in love with a girl not long afterwards. 
Furthermore, karma eventually got back at him, since Shi Nianyao did end up making his life difficult during his wedding in revenge for what he had done to Mo Xicheng. 
If Shi Nianyao hadn’t let him off the hook then, they might have missed the event. 
He truly and deeply regretted his actions on his wedding day. 
But back to the story, at that moment, Su Penghao wasn’t scared of anything at all. 
He stared at Mo Xicheng and said, “Choose. If you can’t even pass this little test, how am I supposed to let you have Shi Nianyao without any worries?” 
Mo Xicheng: … 
How was he going to choose with only a ten percent chance of guessing correctly
He stared at Su Penghao and said, “If I don’t choose, are there other punishments?” 
In usual circumstances, if the groom wasn’t able to meet the requirements, he could choose to take a punishment. 
Most of them either drank beer or chili water. 
He was going all out today. 
But little did they expect that Su Penghao would say, “No! If you can’t choose, you can just forget about getting married.” 
Everyone: … 
Mo Xicheng also narrowed his eyes. 
In the room, Shi Nianyao shouted out again, “Su Penghao, you- you- you—” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t delay the wedding, I’m just testing him!” Su Penghao said bashfully. 
Shi Nianyao, who was in the room, and everyone else outside became anxious. 
Even Shen Liangchuan stared at the ten red strings in hesitation, not knowing which to choose. 
This test was a hard nut to crack, it seemed impossible to pass. 
Choosing one out of the ten. No one could easily choose, right
Shen Liangchuan frowned and Fan Jie touched his chin, wondering about the problem. 
Everyone looked at Mo Xicheng simultaneously. 
They saw Mo Xicheng take a step forward suddenly, stare at the ten red strings and slowly reach out.
###Chapter 1654: Epilogue (27) 
Mo Xicheng reached out and grabbed the ten red strings. Then he slowly said, “Nianyao and I have really gone through a lot to reach this day, so I’m not scared about our efforts being destroyed by this red string.” 
After saying so, he took in a deep breath, randomly chose a string and pulled hard. 
In the room, the red string in Shi Nianyao’s hand suddenly tightened. 
She widened her eyes in surprise and looked at the door in shock. After that, she jumped up in agitation. “You got it! You got it!” 
She was so happy. It was as if she had won 50 million in the lottery. 
Everyone in the room was stunned with surprise. 
Everyone looked at the scene in disbelief. The ten percent chance had happened for Shi Nianyao! 
They gulped simultaneously. 
Su Penghao, who was outside the door, was also extremely shocked. “He really got it?” 
In the room, the person who was assisting him shouted, “He really got it!” 
Su Penghao: … 
Su Penghao was really speechless. It seemed like even god was helping them. 
He patted his forehead and said, “Your luck is really crazy! I think you can buy the lottery!” 
Mo Xicheng stared at his unwilling look and said, “Excuse me.” 
Su Penghao: … 
Although Su Penghao wasn’t very willing, he had to keep his word. Thus he turned around and opened the door for Mo Xicheng and his team to enter. 
Mo Xicheng was walking at the very front. He saw Shi Nianyao the moment he walked into the room. 
She was standing there gracefully, with a really pure aura. She was so beautiful, as if she was a fairy who had descended on earth, catching everyone’s eye. 
Mo Xicheng’s eyes wrinkled as he smiled. 
Si Jingyu laughed as well, but as she laughed, her eyes reddened. 
She stared at Mo Xicheng as he walked step by step till he stood before her daughter. Then he suddenly lowered his head and carried Shi Nianyao into his arms, like a princess. 
Everyone around watched and cheered. 
Mo Xicheng carried Si Nianyao in front of Si Jingyu. He stared back at Si Jingyu and said, “Mom, we’ll be leaving now.” 
After he said so, he put Shi Nianyao down. . m
The two of them stood before Si Jingyu, knelt down and bowed. 
Si Jingyu’s tears rolled down her face uncontrollably. 
She stretched out her hands and looked at the couple. “Good kids, good kids. Hurry and stand up.” 
But she wasn’t able to stop her tears. She stared at Shi Nianyao and said, “We have always spoiled Nianyao. I hope that after you’ve gotten married, both of you can love each other and not fight. If she does something wrong, don’t be too angry at her. Tell me and I will help you scold her.” 
After Mo Xicheng heard her words, he turned to glance at Shi Nianyao and said in a serious tone, “Mom, don’t worry. I swear that I will be extremely good to Nianyao for our whole life. I will not let her suffer.” 
Si Jingyu nodded. 
She turned around. 
At that moment, Shi Jinyan walked over and patted Si Jingyu’s shoulder. Then he looked at Mo Xicheng and Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao said, “Dad.” When he heard her calling him, the normally resilient Shi Jinyan teared up. 
Shi Jinyan had cried less than five times in his whole life but at that moment, he couldn’t describe how he felt about letting his daughter marry. 
He waved his hands and, immediately after, Mo Xicheng carried Shi Nianyao up and left with large steps.
###Chapter 1655: Epilogue (28) 
The wedding car reached the venue in no time. 
Shi Nianyao walked out of the car and proceeded to the lounge before the wedding started. 
The moment she pushed the door of the lounge open, she was instantly stunned. 
Because… 
Qiao Lian was standing in the lounge and smiling while looking at her. 
She had to be nine months pregnant, her stomach looked scarily big. It looked as if she was about to give birth anytime soon. 
Shi Nianyao instantly rushed over with excitement, held Qiao Lian’s hands and said, “Why did you come?” 
When she had seen Shen Liangchuan but not Qiao Lian in the escorting team, she had believed that Qiao Lian couldn’t come because her pregnancy was in an advanced state and she was about to give birth. 
Hence, she was very surprised to see her here. 
Qiao Lian looked at her with a wide smile. “I must be here, you’re getting married.” 
“But your belly…” 
“It’s alright, I’ll just stay away from the crowd later.” Qiao Lian glanced up and down at her and commented, “You’re so pretty today!” 
Shi Nianyao stuck out her tongue at her and then said, “You’re really pretty too!” 
Qiao Lian couldn’t help but laugh. “I can see you’re lying. I’m 30 pounds fatter than before, how could I be pretty?” 
“You were too skinny before. You’re at the perfect size now! You better not become so skinny after you’ve given birth, ok? Look at you now, isn’t it good to be busty?” 
As she said so, she touched Qiao Lian’s chest. i?r． ?m
Qiao Lian instantly widened her eyes and said, “Wow, you have become so daring! How dare you take advantage of me? I want revenge!” 
After she said so, she reached out to touch Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao wanted to shun her, but Qiao Lian instantly said, “You better not move, it’ll be bad if my baby is affected!” 
Her words stunned Shi Nianyao and she stood there, scared to move. 
When Qiao Lian saw her expression, she broke into laughter and said, “Ok, ok, my bride, go sit down on the sofa.” 
Shi Nianyao listened to Qiao Lian’s instructions and sat on the sofa at the side. 
The two of them conversed softly for a while. Meanwhile, Shi Nianyao took out her phone and saw that the WeChat group was filled with intense messages. 
A fan had caught a picture of her back as she entered the venue and had sent it into the group. 
Everyone in the group was shocked. 
[Her figure is so pretty!] 
[A perfect match. She feels really similar to our male idol!] 
[Ah, ah, ah, we are currently outside the lounge. We want to give her the present, but will she think that we’re very rude?] 
After this, many other members commented below. [Just go in, just go in! Be brave, lady! You must believe in our idol’s fiancée. She can’t be a person that is hard to get along with, she’s gonna be his wife after all.] 
[Yes, go in!] 
[Go in, go in!] 
[There’s still some time before the wedding starts. Go in quick!] 
As Shi Nianyao saw how they were acting, she laughed. 
Just at that moment, she received a message from Pu Yun that said: [We are right outside his fiancée’s door, should we go in?] 
Before she could reply to her message, Pun Yun sent another one saying: [Aaaaaah, I’m so nervous. How can I do it?!] 
Shi Nianyao looked around the room and subconsciously asked: [Are there ten of you?] 
Pu Yun replied: [No, nine. Yi Yi didn’t meet us. There are too many people that came today and we have no idea who Yi Yi is.]
###Chapter 1656: Epilogue (29) 
Shi Nianyao was just thinking that the lounge wasn’t really large and if ten people came in at once, they would have to squeeze. She wasn’t really asking how many people were there. 
But she hadn’t expected that Pu Yun would reply to her so seriously. 
Furthermore, since Yi Yi wasn’t with them, Shi Nianyao suddenly recalled someone that had been in the guest list today. 
She was instantly stunned. 
She stared at her phone and hesitated for a moment. Pu Yun sent another message: [Do you think that it’s not very nice of us to just barge into Mrs. Mo’s lounge?] 
Shi Nianyao hurriedly replied: [No, you all can come in.] 
Pu Yun: … 
Pu Yun was stunned for a moment and replied with a confused emoji, showing that she didn’t understand what Shi Nianyao had said. 
Shi Nianyao gave it a thought and replied: [The door isn’t locked, come in.] 
There was a moment of silence and then a scream came from outside. Pu Yun knocked on the door and said, “Nianyao, are you inside? I was wondering why you didn’t need an invitation, you actually have one yourself—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Shi Nianyao couldn’t help but laugh. She grabbed her dress with both of her hands and walked to the door. Then she took a deep breath and opened it. 
She no longer wanted to hide from Mo Xicheng’s fans that she was Mrs. Mo. 
She wanted to be on good terms with them. 
She wanted them to know that Mo Xicheng would still care about his fans, even after he had gotten married. 
The door opened. 
A few unfamiliar girls stood outside. 
Pu Yun was standing at the very front with her hand stretched out. After seeing her, she was stunned and in shock. 
She stared at Shi Nianyao in a daze and then asked, “Nianyao?” 
Shi Nianyao nodded. 
Pu Yun’s first reaction was actually surprising. “You’re also getting married in this hotel?!” 
Shi Nianyao was stunned speechless. 
She couldn’t help bursting out in laughter, not knowing whether to laugh or cry as she replied, “Yes, I’m also getting married in this hotel.” 
Pu Yun: … 
Pu Yun stared at her in a daze. ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
Everyone behind her was also dazed and confused. 
Finally, someone took a step forward and asked Shi Nianyao, “Mrs.- Mrs. Mo, we- we are Idol Mo’s fans, we are all loyal fans. Please don’t misunderstand us, we are not here to warn you or anything, we just want to tell you that Idol Mo… is real- really very good.” 
After she said that, Pu Yun suddenly reacted. “You- you are Mrs. Mo!” 
Shi Nianyao: … 
Shi Nianyao didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at Pu Yun’s reaction. It was just too funny. 
She glanced at Pu Yun and she shut her mouth. 
She knew that Nianyao didn’t want everyone to know that she was the Nianyao in the group as it would cause a lot of unnecessary trouble. 
But she was so agitated she couldn’t speak. 
Just at that moment, someone gave Shi Nianyao the CD with the videos they had created. “Mrs. Mo, this is the present all the fans have created for you and Idol Mo. I hope that you can watch it when you’re free. Many of the movies Idol Mo has filmed in the past were really amazing. If you want to watch them, we can recommend some.” 
Pu Yun thought, “In our fan group, the person who knows Idol Mo the best is Nianyao, alright?!” 
She stood there and watched Shi Nianyao converse with the fans. She suddenly felt that the last bit of unhappiness she had deep in her heart about her idol getting married had disappeared the moment she realized that Shi Nianyao was Mrs. Mo.
###Chapter 1657: Epilogue (30) 
Pu Yun had always thought that after Mo Xicheng got a wife, he would no longer be theirs. 
However, after she had realized that Nianyao was Mrs. Mo, it suddenly dawned on her that her Idol Mo was actually still the same. 
She didn’t know if it was because she liked Nianyao or because she liked her male idol. But at that moment, she finally felt as if everything was going smoothly. 
She laughed, really sincerely, and the knot in her heart was thoroughly untied. 
She stood on the side quietly and watched Shi Nianyao converse with a few fans happily. She then took a look at the time and had to say, “Ok, since we managed to give her our gift, let’s not disturb her anymore. The wedding is about to start, she still has to fix her makeup.” 
Everyone nodded and walked out after bidding Shi Nianyao goodbye. 
Pu Yun was the last one to leave. Shi Nianyao shot a glance at her and halted. After the crowd had left, Shi Nianyao stood before Pu Yun and said, “I’m so sorry for hiding this from you for so long.” 
Pu Yun instantly laughed. “No big deal, I’m happy for you.” 
Shi Nianyao laughed. 
Pu Yun suddenly thought of something and approached Shi Nianyao’s ear. “So the person, your boyfriend whose head you had buried into your chest that day in the parking lot of the cinema, was Idol Mo?” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
Seeing her red face, Pu Yun patted her shoulder and laughed. “Be nicer to Idol Mo in the future!” 
Shi Nianyao nodded immediately. . c?
Pu Yun kept laughing as she left. 
After everyone had left, Shi Nianyao sighed in relief. Qiao Lian laughed behind her. “How does that feel? What do you feel after feeling the love these fans have for Mo Xicheng?” 
Before Shi Nianyao could speak, Qiao Lian sighed. “Congratulations on becoming the wife of an idol! Now I must share with you what the wife of an idol has to go through. Basically, your husband isn’t just yours, he is the nation’s husband!” 
Shi Nianyao: …!! 
As both of them joked around, the time came. 
The makeup artist entered the lounge to help Shi Nianyao fix her makeup. After everything was done, Shi Nianyao followed the crowd out. 
After walking for a while, she turned her head and looked at Qiao Lian with a worried expression. She said, “In the beginning, I wanted your child to be our flower boy or girl, but you haven’t given birth yet.” 
Qiao Lian replied, “It’s just that you have progressed too quickly!” 
Shi Nianyao replied, “We can be in-laws then!” 
“Our kid is quite popular. He or she has already been booked!” 
Shi Nianyao was surprised. “Don’t you know already? Is it a boy or a girl?” 
Qiao Lian shook her head and said, “I want to see after I’ve given birth.” 
Shi Nianyao nodded again and replied, “Oh yes, who has booked your kid?” 
Qiao Lian sighed. “Who else could it be? Lu Nanze specifically called to say that he wanted to be in-laws with me. But if my child is a girl, I refuse to wait for his son! God knows how long we’d have to wait!” 
Shi Nianyao burst into laughter. “Both of you are really… Oh yes, Lu Nanze contacted you? Isn’t Best Actor Shen jealous?” 
Qiao Lian stared at Shi Nianyao resignedly and coughed softly. “Lu Nanze called his phone, so I don’t know if he is jealous. But I don’t know why Lu Nanze can never get to me through my phone.”
###Chapter 1658: Epilogue (31) 
“Pfft!” Shi Nianyao burst into laughter. 
How was it possible that he couldn’t get through to her? It had to be something Best Actor Shen had done. 
It seemed like all men were narrow-minded. 
She tried to control her laughter and shook her head. 
Qiao Lian then added, “Actually, I don’t talk much with Second Brother now. During all this time, we only spoke on the phone once. Ok, ok, you should quickly go out. Your wedding is about to start!” 
Shi Nianyao stuck out her tongue at Qiao Lian and walked out. 
Just as Shi Nianyao stepped out, she suddenly felt an intense and warm gaze directed at her. She was slightly stunned and turned her head to look. She then realized that it was Lu Nanze, who was standing not far away, and beside him was his newly wedded bride Qiao Yiyi. Qiao Yiyi’s head was bent down and she stood there awkwardly, as if she barely had any sense of existence. 
Shi Nianyao was slightly stunned. 
Something flashed across her mind, but just as she tried to connect her thoughts, she heard the emcee speak, “Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming from all across the country to witness the wedding of Mr. Mo Xicheng and Ms. Shi Nianyao.” 
Shi Nianyao instantly returned to her senses. 
She looked before her and saw that Mo Xicheng was already standing on the stage. 
Shi Jinyan stood beside Shi Nianyao and held her hand. 
After the emcee was done with his starting speech, Mo Xicheng walked along the red carpet, step by step, towards Shi Nianyao. 
Shi Nianyao also moved towards Mo Xicheng, held by Shi Jinyan. 
Suddenly, Mo Xicheng knelt down on one knee and asked, “Nianyao, will you marry me?” 
The place instantly broke into cheers and screams. 
Shi Nianyao smiled as she looked at Mo Xicheng and then turned her head to take a glance at Shi Jinyan. 
Mo Xicheng instantly said, “Dad.” 
Shi Jinyan looked slightly hesitant, but he still gave Shi Nianyao’s hand to Mo Xicheng. 
He spoke seriously, “I’m leaving my beloved little princess in your hands.” 
Mo Xicheng instantly swore, “She will always be in my heart, I won’t allow her to suffer.” 
Shi Jinyan then nodded. 
Mo Xicheng held Shi Nianyao’s hand and they walked onto the stage together. 
The emcee looked at the both of them and read the oath. 
– 
The guests had different thoughts of the scene unfolding in front of them. 
Some of them were crying from the vows they exchanged on the stage. 
Some of them were staring at the lavish wedding gown and the decorations on site, feeling really envious. 
Some of them, however, were staring at a woman in the distance with complicated feelings in their eyes. 
And Lu Nanze was that person. 
Since the beginning, his bright and sharp gaze had always been on Qiao Lian. Even though Qiao Lian was donning loose clothes, he still could see her large stomach and slightly plump body, standing beside Shen Liangchuan. 
Even though she was about to give birth, Qiao Lian still looked stunning. Standing beside Shen Liangchuan, they literally looked like the perfect couple. Everyone around them was really envious. red. 
Some people couldn’t stop trying to flatter Shen Liangchuan and congratulating him on his unborn baby, while some of them just looked at Qiao Lian with a smile. 
The couple looked as if they were an entire world just simply by standing there. 
As Lu Nanze watched, his gaze deepened and he unconsciously took steps towards Qiao Lian. 
Qiao Yiyi, who was standing behind Lu Nanze, raised her head up upon seeing him take steps forward. When she saw the direction Lu Nanze was walking in, her gaze darkened.
###Chapter 1659: Epilogue (32) 
Lu Nanze found himself in front of Qiao Lian by the time he realized what he was doing. 
Qiao Lian looked at him strangely and asked, “Second Brother, what’s the matter?” 
What was the matter
He wasn’t too sure himself. 
He had uncontrollably gravitated towards Qiao Lian and now he was standing before her. 
How long had it been since they had met
The last time he had seen her, it had been at her wedding. 
Although he had known that she was pregnant even then, now that she was heavily pregnant and standing before him, he still felt an unbearable pain in his heart. 
Although he had never taken an interest in entertainment news, these days he had been paying attention to every piece of news about Shen Liangchuan, as though he might just catch a glimpse of Qiao Lian in the photographs that were taken of the man. n?e?. Co
Unfortunately, Shen Liangchuan was very careful to preserve his privacy. Hence it was even rare to find pictures of himself, not to mention Qiao Lian’s. 
So it really had been a solid half a year that he had not seen Qiao Lian. 
He stared at her, his eyes deep and mysterious. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but the only words that came were, “Have you been doing well lately?” 
Qiao Lian looked a little uncertain, but before she could say a word, Shen Liangchuan had already stepped in between the both of them and interrupted, “Mr. Lu, thank you for your concern for my wife. She has been well.” 
Shen Liangchuan had emphasized on the words “my wife.” 
She had been married for a good half a year and was now heavily pregnant, about to give birth. Qiao Lian, at this point of her life, was probably looking her worst. But even then, someone was thinking of her
What more could Shen Liangchuan say
Lu Nanze’s expression darkened upon hearing Shen Liangchuan’s words. He turned to look at the man and said after a long pause, “Uh huh, I know. But Qiao Lian has always been sensitive to any sort of pain. Even prickling her with a needle could bring her to tears. So being pregnant and giving birth will be tough on her, make sure to treat her well.” 
“Mr. Lu’s words are quite redundant. She’s my wife, of course I’ll treat her well. Rather than spending your time worrying about other people’s wives, why don’t you make better use of your time and worry about your own wife?” 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back as he replied, “What about my wife?” 
Shen Liangchuan smiled as he looked at someone standing some distance away. He replied, “Nothing. I just feel that at the moment, she might be feeling a little awkward.” 
Lu Nanze immediately spun his head around to look. 
Since he had approached Qiao Lian, the people around were analyzing the situation. A few of them were already pointing at Qiao Yiyi and commenting on the scene. 
Qiao Yiyi, on the other hand, looked as though she didn’t feel anything. With her head lowered, she was as invisible as the air. 
Looking at her, Lu Nanze grew exasperated. 
He loosened his tie and threw another glance at Qiao Lian. He said, “Take good care.” 
Then he turned around and walked to Qiao Yiyi. 
Before he could reach Qiao Yiyi, he heard a few people whispering to each other. 
“Can’t believe that even now he’s thinking of someone else’s wife.” 
“Look at how pretty Qiao Lian is. It’s no wonder someone keeps thinking of her.” 
“But… the poor Madam Lu—” 
“Why pity her? She lacks boldness. If I were her, I would have already started a fight! Qiao Lian is heavily pregnant, for sure she’d lose.”
###Chapter 1660: Epilogue (33) 
“Don’t you know? Qiao Yiyi is just a cover-up.” 
“So what? Since they are married, they are legally husband and wife!” 
“Sigh, say no more. Qiao Yiyi isn’t you. Can’t you see how unpresentable she is? How would she dare to—” 
At once, someone interrupted, “Let me just tell this. They say that the quiet dog bites the most. Qiao Yiyi looks like a proper wife, but how do you know that she isn’t a vicious dog?” 
“Right, right. The more one looks proper, the more they hide their viciousness inside! Look at how pregnant Qiao Lian is. I hope nothing happens to her during today’s wedding.” 
“Hush, say no more.” 
“…” 
Lu Nanze frowned when he heard all of these remarks and sneered. 
Qiao Yiyi was so proper that she couldn’t bring herself to fart. After the two of them had gotten married, she had been almost invisible around him. 
Except for those occasions where he needed her to make an appearance, he had almost forgotten that this woman was at home. 
So how would someone like that dare to express any displeasure over Qiao Lian
Lu Nanze lowered his head at this thought. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi heard all of these comments. 
But she kept her head down, pretending that she hadn’t heard anything. However even with her head down, her eyes were darting around, observing everything around her. 
Furthermore, she twitched her mouth in disdain. 
Would she, Qiao Yiyi, even do such things
She hadn’t done anything at Qiao Lian’s wedding, so why would she do anything against the pregnant woman now
No way. 
Those people had underestimated her. 
As she stood there thinking, she saw Lu Nanze coming towards her. 
She immediately acted as though she needed to go to the toilet, turned around and walked away. 
Being with Lu Nanze would invite gossip, of course, but all she wanted was a safe haven to rest for a short while. 
At this thought, she slipped into the toilet on the side. When she entered, she noticed that there was no one inside, everyone was out there watching the wedding. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi straightened her back. It was tiring to have to bend her shoulders and keep a timid posture all the time. 
She stretched her lower back languidly and yawned. She went into one of the cubicles. After using the toilet, she walked out. 
At this point, she saw Qiao Lian approaching, with a hand holding her overgrown abdomen. 
Qiao Yiyi paused for a moment, immediately lowered her head and shrunk her posture with the intention of skirting around Qiao Lian. 
Qiao Lian halted as well when she saw the girl, as though it was an unexpected meeting. 
Then she smiled at the girl to greet her. 
Qiao Yiyi returned with a shy smile. Looking extremely bashful, she quickly lowered her head again as she prepared to walk past Qiao Lian. 
Only God knew how exhausted she felt right at this moment. 
That large stomach, what if something happened to it?α. o
And if she ended up being blamed for it, it would be so bad. 
At this thought, she suddenly heard a loud gasp. 
Qiao Yiyi turned around immediately and saw that right there on the floor of the restroom, there was a big puddle of water. 
At the same time, Qiao Lian had stepped right into it. 
Instantly, her body tilted backwards. 
“Speak of the devil!” Qiao Yiyi thought. 
What now? Under these circumstances, should she help?! What if Qiao Lian put the blame on her?!
###Chapter 1661: A New Beginning (1) 
In a flash, that thought appeared in her mind. 
However, Qiao Yiyi spun around on reflex. 
She didn’t have the time to think, because a split second of difference could cost two lives. 
Actually at this point, Qiao Yiyi was already at the bathroom’s door and it would have been too late even for anyone else to help, even if they turned around and tried. 
But like a dark lightning bolt, Qiao Yiyi charged towards Qiao Lian. 
Qiao Lian, who had gained around 30 pounds during her pregnancy, had now a substantial weight and it was really too much for Qiao Yiyi, who was of a rather frail body, to handle. 
However, Qiao Yiyi carefully placed her hand on Qiao Lian’s lower back to push her softly, and this was enough to steady Qiao Lian. 
The girl heaved a sigh of relief. 
It was a good thing nothing had happened to Qiao Lian. 
But just as this thought was crossing her mind, she heard a painful gasp. 
She was stunned. Turning around again, she saw that Qiao Lian had turned pale and droplets of perspiration had formed across her forehead. Both her hands were placed tightly over her belly. 
Qiao Yiyi’s mind went blank. 
She hadn’t fallen, had she
What was going on
Could it be that Qiao Lian was trying to frame her? So that Lu Nanze would abhor her. Could Xiao Lian be like those evil female characters in novels? Even though she was already married, she still wanted to control her ex-boyfriend?! 
As these thoughts ran through her mind, Qiao Lian spoke in a low voice as she tried to suppress the pain, “I- I’m about to give birth. Would you mind calling an ambulance, or help me get Shen Liangchuan?” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
What sort of luck was this
She quickly nodded and placed her hand on Qiao Lian to support her. Then she went out and started to call out for help. When they heard about the commotion in the bathroom, the people outside instantly opened the door and charged in. 
Qiao Yiyi said in relief, “Your wife—” 
Before she could finish speaking, an angry voice hollered at the doorway, “Qiao Yiyi, what are you doing?!” 
The girl turned around upon hearing this voice that was both strange yet familiar. It was Lu Nanze. 
She was stunned, as though afraid that the man would smell something fishy about the situation. 
She was about to withdraw the hand that was supporting Qiao Lian, when she saw Lu Nanze lunge forward and come at them in a hurry. 
The next moment, he was next to them with one arm around Qiao Lian and with the other arm, he forcefully swept Qiao Yiyi aside. 
Qiao Yiyi was caught off guard, hence the force of the push caused her to lose her balance and she stumbled backwards. 
Her lower back landed hard against the basin counter, and the sharp pain caused her to double over. 
With that vicious knock, she fell a painful pinch in her chest. 
This reopened an old injury and she bent forward to throw up a mouthful of blood. 
Instantly, her vision darkened. 
By the time she had a chance to slightly recover, Lu Nanze had already carried Qiao Lian up in his arms and left. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Qiao Yiyi doubled over again to throw up another mouthful of blood. Then, applying pressure on her lower back and curling herself up, she walked to the tap and rinsed her mouth. After this, she felt better. 
At around the same time, the bathroom door swung open. 
Shi Nianyao, whose wedding ceremony had just ended, stood at the doorway. 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi and suddenly said, “You are Yi Yi, aren’t you?” 
– 
In the meantime, Qiao Lian, who was about to be lifted into the ambulance, finally grabbed Lu Nanze’s wrist after the sharp bout of pain had passed and said, “Qiao Yiyi saved me!”
###Chapter 1662: A New Beginning (2) 
In the bathroom. 
Shi Nianyao was in her tea ceremony dress and had come to the bathroom to wash her hands. Unexpectedly, she had encountered the woman in such a predicament. 
Qiao Yiyi quickly lowered her head after glancing at her, trying to hide the pain in her eyes. 
With her head down, she was that weak and mild Qiao Yiyi again. She said softly, as though frightened, “I- I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Smiling, Shi Nianyao replied, “Among all the guests here, we did not send Lu Nanze an invitation. So it’s strange that he turned up. I thought about it and there was only one explanation. So why are you still trying to cover it up?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back upon hearing this. 
She had not expected that Shi Nianyao and Mo Xicheng would actually be so meticulous. 
She had only done this to repay Lu Nanze for his help. Furthermore, she had seen how much he wanted to attend the event, but he had been reluctant to ask Mo Xicheng, who he didn’t know well, for an invitation. Hence, Qiao Yiyi had found a way to do it. 
As for the WeChat group, she had joined through a friend. 
Since the group chat was muted, she had never bothered to leave it. Once in a while she would go into the chat room and, when she realized Mo Xicheng was in trouble, she would casually help Pu Yun think of solutions, since it was in her blood to fight against injustice. 
With her head still lowered, she twitched her mouth and looked up again at Shi Nianyao with a blank stare. “I- I really don’t know what you mean. We got an express delivery invitation, wasn’t it from you two?” 
Shi Nianyao: …! 
This girl was quite a talker. 
Because the invitations for the fans had been sent together at the same time, she hadn’t really checked them thoroughly. 
Now, as long as Qiao Yiyi refused to admit it, no one could say for sure it was her. 
But after thinking about it, Shi Nianyao was relieved again. 
At least, the girl had helped Mo Xicheng in the past, so why bother with a small matter like this
After all, with such a clever wife, perhaps Lu Nanze may no longer have time to be focusing on Qiao Lian in the future. 
Shi Nianyao immediately smiled at the thought of this. 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi and nodded. “Miss Yi Yi is right.” 
Qiao Yiyi had no idea if Shi Nianyao had addressed her as “Yiyi” or “Yi Yi.” 
But did it matter
She believed that Shi Nianyao was a smart woman and would not give her away. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and then, with her hand still on her lower back, she turned around and left. 
That monster Lu Nanze! How dare he injure her
She had married him just so that she could have a safe haven. For the past half a year, they had minded their own business, living their lives, and it had been working fine. But this time around, she was not going to let that man off easily. 
At this thought, a sharp glint flashed in Qiao Yiyi’s eyes. 
– 
Qiao Lian’s contractions came very suddenly, so the pain had left her gnashing, frowning and unable to speak. 
When the pain finally passed, she immediately clarified the situation as she was worried that Lu Nanze would misunderstand. 
He obviously was taken aback. 
But the next moment, a new wave of contractions began, and she cried out in pain. 
That cry took up all of Lu Nanze’s attention at once, relegating everything else to the back of his mind.
###Chapter 1663: A New Beginning (3) 
In the hospital’s delivery room. 
Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze stood outside, both nervously looking at the door. 
Qiao Lian’s loud cries could be heard, making the two men even more nervous. 
Staring at the delivery room, Lu Nanze said, “Is she alright? Why is she crying so pitifully?” 
For once, Shen Liangchuan didn’t attack the man. He only continued to look at the delivery room. The perpetually cold and expressionless man now seemed a little nerve-wracked and restless. 
But his voice maintained its usual steadiness and confidence as he said, “She’ll be fine.” 
One couldn’t be too sure if that remark was meant for Qiao Lian or himself. 
Lu Nanze nodded and added, “That’s right, she’ll be fine.” 
“Nothing will go wrong.” 
“She’s always been healthy and has a good medical history. I’ll be damned if something goes wrong!” 
“Yes, she’s been eating and sleeping well for the past months. Nothing has gone wrong, so things will continue to be fine.” 
As the two men took turns speaking, they started getting stares from the people walking past. 
After a while, the delivery room’s door swung open and a nurse walked out nervously. 
Before Shen Liangchuan could do anything, Lu Nanze dashed up to her. “Nurse, how is she?” 
The nurse knitted her brow and was about to answer when Shen Liangchuan enquired, “Is she alright?” 
Nurse: … 
The nurse looked at them and noticed the two men seemed equally anxious. Confused, she asked, “Out of you two, who is the mother’s relative?” 
“Me!” 
“Me!” 
The two men had spoken simultaneously, so the nurse appeared even more baffled now. 
Shen Liangchuan and Lu Nanze exchanged a look—a long glance. Finally, they both felt they couldn’t bother arguing right now. They turned back to the nurse. 
The nurse immediately asked, “Who is the patient’s husband?!” 
“Me,” Shen Liangchuan quickly replied. 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back. He opened his mouth and looked as though he was about to say something. Then he fell silent again. 
The nurse was already looking at Shen Liangchuan and saying, “Alright, Mr. Shen, come with me then. You’ll need to get changed and come with me to the delivery room. She is about to deliver and will need her husband by her side to support her.” 
Without another word, Shen Liangchuan nodded and quickly followed the nurse into the delivery room. 
Lu Nanze stood outside watching the two of them disappear. 
Suddenly, he felt like a fool. 
Indeed, she was Shen Liangchuan’s wife. Why was he trying so hard to budge in
Only Shen Liangchuan had the right to enter the delivery room. He, Lu Nanze, was nothing to Qiao Lian. Perhaps she would not even be quite willing to address him as Second Brother now. 
Lu Nanze hung his head in despair at the thought of this. 
He wanted to leave, but he was still worried about Qiao Lian. Hence he sat on the long bench and quietly waited for the outcome. 
Just at this point, a couple was going up and down the stairs behind him, performing some sort of rehabilitation exercises. 
The wife had a hand on her stomach and the husband was supporting her. 
She panted. “This is so tiring!” 
He encouraged her, “The doctor has advised that you go up and down the stairs so that the uterus opens quickly. If the uterus opens quickly, there will be less pain. Honey, you have to keep going! You’ve only done this twice, we have a long way to go!” 
The wife took a deep breath and said, “Darling, I’m only willing to have children and go through all this pain for your sake. You have to treat me even better from now on! I would never be willing to do this for any other man, no other man is worth me going through all this pain!” 
Immediately, the man said, “Right, right, right. Honey, it’s tough on you! I love you.”
###Chapter 1664: A New Beginning (4) 
The couple was only whispering each other sweet words. 
After saying all of this, they continued walking down the stairs. 
But when those words fell on Lu Nanze’s ears, he was instantly stunned. 
He turned to look at the delivery room. 
Qiao Lian was in there, going through the most painful moment in her life. His heart ached for her and he felt deeply anxious, but right now, he realized that she was going through this pain willingly for Shen Liangchuan. 
Indeed, Qiao Lian was willing to go through the pain of childbirth for Shen Liangchuan. While he, Lu Nanze, was really nothing to her. 
Even though he had loved her so deeply once upon a time, Qiao Lian, to him, wasn’t the right person. She wasn’t that woman who would be willing to go through the pain of childbirth for him. 
He clenched his fists tightly as he woke up from his dream, as he came to that realization, as he took in the couple’s words. 
What had he really been worrying about for the past six months
He had seemed madly in love, he had gone through so much pain, but to others it all looked like a joke. Was that a good thing
He lowered his head and tightened his fists. Then he looked at the delivery room. 
His eyes never left the room as he got on his feet slowly. 
The woman giving birth in this room now was someone else’s wife. She was going through the pain for someone else. She had long ceased to be that young girl who always followed him around, who would try to make him laugh, who would try to make him talk. 
She had grown up and found her own way in life. 
Her heart had left him long ago. 
Lu Nanze felt waves of pain pulsating through his heart. The pain was unbearable and he was drowning in it. 
Suddenly, he strode away. He had to leave the hospital. 
But just as he was leaving, he heard the loud cry of a newborn baby coming from the delivery room. 
From that crisp and loud cry, it was obvious that the child was healthy. 
Lu Nanze halted and turned around with an odd sense of anticipation. 
However shortly after, a doctor dashed out of the delivery room and yelled, “The mother is bleeding a lot! We need blood type O! Hurry up! Take it out of the blood bank!” 
One of the nurses replied immediately, “Oh no! We are lacking blood type O today! We’ve someone to the central blood bank, but there’s a traffic jam and the blood hasn’t arrived! What blood type is the patient’s husband?” 
“Type B, I’ve just asked. What do we do now?” 
As the staff was struck by panic, Lu Nanze suddenly turned around and said, “I’m type O.” 
With those words, he was like a lifesaver. The nurses and doctors all turned to look at him. 
Lu Nanze stretched out his arm and said, “Take my blood, as much you need.” 
Half an hour later, Qiao Lian’s bleeding was under control. 
The nurses and doctors had had a fright. With modern facilities, although a haemorrhage wasn’t deadly, it was still a somewhat concerning situation. 
Lu Nanze asked curiously, “Why did she bleed so much? She’s healthy, so how did that happen?” 
The nurse sighed and said, “Although the mother’s pregnancy was smooth, we found that in the years before she was pregnant, she had a difficult time and was a little malnourished. In addition, during the pregnancy, she suffered some distress. So although things were under control later on, it seems that this had some impact on it.” 
Lu Nanze immediately realized something upon hearing this. 
It was during those years, when tragedy struck Qiao Lian’s family because of his father’s actions, that Qiao Lian’s life got tough.
###Chapter 1665: A New Beginning (5) 
Scenes of the recent years flashed through Lu Nanze’s mind. He narrowed his eyes and lowered his head. 
He gave a bitter laugh, looked at the doctor and asked, “And how is her health now?” 
“She’s out of danger and will be fine. She’ll be a little weak after the blood transfusion, but she can rest and recover for the next month.” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
He was silent for a moment before he said, “Could you not tell her about the transfusion?” 
The doctor paused. 
Without saying another word, Lu Nanze turned around and walked out of the hospital. 
He felt truly unnecessary there. 
He didn’t even have the courage to take a look at the newborn now. 
He only hoped to leave quickly and not be affected by the happiness of this new family of three. 
Since Lu Nanze had given away some of his blood, he looked a little pale. 
When the driver found him, he was already in a rather drowsy state. 
As he got into the car, the driver asked, “Mr. Lu, to the hotel?” 
“No, home,” Lu Nanze said after a long pause. 
The driver was taken aback and asked again, as if he hadn’t quite understood the instructions, “Mr. Lu?” i?r. m
“I said we’ll go home! Didn’t you hear me?” 
The driver got scared and didn’t dare speak another word. He did not even dare breathe as he started the car. Soon, they were on the highway to Suzhou. 
Lu Nanze leaned back into the seat. Resting his head on one hand, he stared out of the window. 
This was Beijing. Where she had lived in hiding for a few years. 
This place did not belong to him. 
He was silent as he endured the unease, waiting for it to go away. 
After about two hours, Lu Nanze looked up. At this point, he noticed that the driver had been throwing glances at him every now and then through the rear view mirror. Obviously, the man had something to say, but did not dare to do so given Lu Nanze’s serious mood. 
Lu Nanze frowned and said, “If there’s something you want to say, then say it quickly!” 
The driver spoke up cautiously, “Mr. Lu, you- you’ve left Madam Lu behind at the restaurant.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze immediately recalled that, because of the situation earlier, he had followed the ambulance to the hospital in his anxiety and had then called the driver to pick him up afterwards. But now he had gone home by himself and had left Qiao Yiyi behind at the wedding venue. 
He massaged his forehead with impatience. Oddly, he could not remember what Qiao Yiyi looked like. 
He could only remember being very worried that she would harm Qiao Lian, so he had swept her aside
Given the sort of weak and soft personality that she had, she had to be crying and waiting for him to return to the wedding venue to pick her up. 
At this thought, he picked up his cell phone gloomily and opened up his address book. 
After searching it from end to end, he did not manage to locate Qiao Yiyi’s contact number. 
Then he remembered that, ever since they got married, he and Qiao Yiyi had not spoken more than a few sentences. They didn’t even have a way to contact each other, not to mention a phone number. 
Lu Nanze drew in a deep breath, called his assistant and said, “Give Qiao Yiyi a call and ask her to come home on her own.” 
“Roger,” said the assistant. 
– 
When Qiao Yiyi got the call, she was whistling a tune and coasting along in a sports car. 
Her exuberant and triumphant expression was far from the timid and plain front that she always put up in front of Lu Nanze. 
Her cell phone rang for a long time before she heard it. She turned around and connected the call. She heard the assistant’s voice saying, “Madam Lu, where are you now?”
###Chapter 1666: A New Beginning (6) 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at the highway and lied through her teeth, in a timid tone that was in a complete mismatch with the look on her face, “I’m at the wedding venue. I- I’m not sure what to do now.” 
She stuck her tongue out quickly after saying this. 
After pretending for so long, even she was finding this character quite disgusting. 
The assistant immediately said, “Mr. Lu is already on the way home. Why don’t you wait for a bit? I’ll have someone pick you up.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She had already expected that Lu Nanze, the dumb*ss, would probably have forgotten about her. Unless she was an idiot, why should she be still waiting at the wedding venue for him
Qiao Yiyi rolled her eyes and then said, “How long are you going to take? Everyone has left. I don’t want to be here alone. Sob, sob, sob.” 
The assistant hesitated. “What do we do then? I’ll need at least an hour before someone gets there.” 
Qiao Yiyi went silent. 
Then she said, “In this case, I’ll just grab a cab.” 
The assistant sighed in relief and replied, “Alright then. Madam Lu, do you have any money with you?” 
The moment she heard this, Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up instantly. She patted her fat and full purse, and said, “No, I don’t!” 
“I’ll transfer some to you then. Make sure you hire a reliable car to take you home.” 
“Alright.” 
After she hung up, she noticed that the assistant had already transferred a sum of 10 000 to her through WeChat. 
She raised an eyebrow happily and tossed her cell phone on the passenger seat. 
Then she looked ahead. 
Lu Nanze had not only hit her today, he had forgotten her. She was going to get even once she got home. 
At this thought, she floored the accelerator. 
– 
When Lu Nanze got home, it was already 10 p.m. 
He got out of the car and headed upstairs straight away. 
Then he entered his study and sat quietly on the balcony. 
After a while, he walked back into the study, got out the bottle of Lafite that he had kept for years and started sipping the wine. 
Qiao Lian’s painful childbirth cries echoed in his ears ceaselessly, causing him to be restless. 
Perhaps now was the time for him to let Qiao Lian go and start his own life afresh. 
But he reckoned that, for the rest of his life, he would never find another woman that he would love as much as he did Qiao Lian. 
As this thought crossed his mind, he raised his wine glass and took another sip. 
Pale from the blood donation, ruddiness instantly began to return to his cheeks after a few glasses of red wine. 
He stood at the balcony, staring out into the distance. 
Soon, he started to feel a little weak. It could have been from the blood donation, or it could have been from the alcohol. He sat on the reclining chair on the balcony and leaned back. Slowly, his eyes shut. 
Soon, he was fast asleep. 
In his sleep, he had a dream. He dreamed that he and Qiao Lian were back to a time when they were young. He took her hand and asked her, “Qiao Lian, will you go back in time with me?” 
Qiao Lian looked at him and leaned into his embrace. She said, “Second Brother, yes, take me.” 
He couldn’t resist bending over and kissing her. 
But the moment his lips were about to meet hers, he heard a soft sound. 
His eyes snapped open and he turned around sharply to look. 
As he did so, he saw that there was a silhouette in his study. He had no idea when it had come in, but that silhouette appeared to be looking for something.
###Chapter 1667: A New Beginning (7) 
Lu Nanze jumped up from his reclining chair and quickly shouted, “Who’s that?!” 
That dark silhouette froze and slowly looked up. 
The thief had shut off all the lights except for a night light. 
Under the dim light, Lu Nanze saw that this person had on a silver mask that covered the top half of the face. The only visible parts were an exquisite chin and red luscious lips. 
The figure was wearing a black bodysuit and seemed like a being of the night. It was set off by its lanky and frail figure. It was obvious this was a woman. 
Her dark silky hair was drawn back into a ponytail that sat high on her head, making her look devilishly charming. 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back immediately as he mouthed the word, “Traceless?!” 
After many years in this world, Lu Nanze had connections with some alternative sources and people of power. Some were legendary characters, like the expert thief that went by the name Traceless. 
She was named thus because she would never leave a trace of evidence in her missions. Police and private detectives alike had never been able to track her down because she had never left a trail behind. 
Traceless never really got in the way of the law destructively. She was neither an upright character, nor an evil person. She just did as she pleased, free and easy. 
Sometimes she stole for the thrill of it, sometimes it was just to challenge herself. 
Her only motivation to steal was her own will. No matter what she stole, she would only charge 10 000 dollars. 
In addition, she followed a professional rule, one job a month. 
There had been attempts to entice her with high offers, but she had rejected them all. 
Lu Nanze had heard of her, but he had minded their own business all along. Hence, this had been their first confrontation ever. 
However, Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
Although his family had once mingled with the underworld, they had stayed clean in the recent years. 
Especially ever since his father destroyed the Qiao Family and became second to none, they had stayed clean. So what was Traceless doing in his home and what was she here to steal
And who had hired her?! 
What was there worth stealing in his study?! 
As he asked himself these questions, he saw her break into a devilishly charming smile—a curve of her luscious lips, which were left uncovered by the mask. 
Following this, she extended her hand. In it was the bracelet that he had wanted to give Qiao Lian at her wedding half a year ago. 
That was the only thing he had left to remember Qiao Lian. 
Instantly, Lu Nanze was anxious and he shouted, “Return that to me!” 
He lunged forward at her. 
Lu Nanze had been trained in martial arts and had earned his place in the underworld. 
In a flash, he was next to Traceless. He reached out to grab her wrist tightly and said with cold disdain, “Is that all the infamous Traceless of the underworld is capable of?” 
As he said this, he reached for the bracelet in an attempt to take it back. 
But suddenly, Traceless’ wrist softened as though there was not a single bone in it. She immediately freed her hand as her other hand flew directly at his face with two of her fingers aimed at his eyes. 
Lu Nanze retreated quickly to avoid the attack and, as he did so, Traceless dashed towards the window at the speed of light. 
The window was opened. 
Like an alert rabbit, she jumped on the window. 
Lu Nanze tried to charge at her, but it was too late. 
He watched helplessly as Traceless stood on the window and suddenly turned around. 
She raised her hands to make the gesture of a pistol. Then kissing it mockingly, she aimed the imaginary pistol at him and mouthed the word “bang.” 
She jumped off the window ledge and disappeared.
###Chapter 1668: A New Beginning (8) 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes immediately. 
Traceless was exceptionally fast and hard to follow. Before jumping, she had even had the time to turn around and tease him. Besides, under the glow of the moonlight, Lu Nanze had seen that evil and arrogant smile that she had given him. 
As though she was mocking him! 
He quickly stepped on the window and looked down. 
This was the third floor. No matter how highly-skilled she was, there was no way she could have jumped down without getting injured. So how had she gotten away
Could she be injured now
At this thought, he immediately picked up his cell phone and instructed the guards at the door, “A thief has broken in. Seal every entrance! We must find Traceless!” 
“Roger!” 
His residence was in the center of the property. Even if Traceless had wings, there was no way she could escape his property in such a short time. 
Hence, it would be impossible for Traceless to escape him tonight. 
Lu Nanze’s interest was piqued in a rare moment. It had been years since anyone had gotten him this interested. 
Furthermore, why on earth had Traceless wanted to steal that bracelet
Qiao Lian had given him that bracelet when they were young and it was quite worthless. Apart from the memories attached to it, it held no other meaning to anyone else. 
Hence, who could be so bored and senseless to hire Traceless to steal it
At this thought, Shen Liangchuan suddenly came to his mind. 
It had to be him. 
He had paid too much attention to Qiao Lian at the wedding, so Shen Liangchuan was jealous
To think that he had seemed magnanimous at the hospital. Who would have thought that underneath that front he was actually this petty
At this thought, he felt suffocated. He headed downstairs, prepared to hunt Traceless down himself and get his bracelet back. At the same time, this would serve to discourage Shen Liangchuan. . 
Sending someone to his home to steal. He could keep dreaming! 
Lu Nanze’s eyes clouded over. When he got downstairs, the butler had already heard about this and had brought a few men over. 
Lu Nanze asked as he unbuttoned his shirt, “How did it go?” 
The butler spoke, “We haven’t been able to track her down yet.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and instructed, “Continue to search! She has to leave and all the entrances are sealed. She can’t get out. Go through all the surveillance videos, find her!” 
“Roger.” 
“Also, tell a few men to search the places she could be hiding in.” 
“Roger.” 
Lu Nanze sat down on the sofa in the living room after giving these instructions. He crossed one leg over the other, sitting like he had control over the whole world, as he waited for his butler to report back. 
The butler returned after ten minutes. 
Lu Nanze asked, “Where’s the intruder?” 
The butler’s expression looked slightly odd. 
Lu Nanze glanced at him and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
The butler replied, “Sir, we looked through all the surveillance cameras and did not see this person appear.” 
Lu Nanze frowned. “What?” 
The butler gulped and said, “There really wasn’t anyone. Could it be… you were seeing things? We really did not hear anything or notice anything out of place.” 
Lu Nanze did not lose his temper at the butler for saying that. 
If not even the butler could find any evidence, Traceless was really too clever. Indeed it was as rumored, she came and went without leaving a trace. 
But he also had much confidence in the security facilities in his home. How had this happened?
###Chapter 1669: A New Beginning (9) 
How had she gotten in and out
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and waved at the butler to leave. 
The butler retreated. 
Lu Nanze looked around. If Traceless hadn’t left, then it was possible that she was still in the house. 
At this thought, he got on his feet and dashed upstairs. 
He went alone stealthily to the study on the third floor, without alerting anyone. 
He looked around the third floor, ensuring that there was nowhere for hiding, and then entered the study. He approached the drawers and opened one of them, confirming that the bracelet had indeed disappeared. 
He walked to the window again and looked down. 
The villa was comparatively higher than average, even the third floor was about four meters from the ground. How could she possibly not get hurt
It was impossible for her to jump directly on the ground. So she had to still be in the house! 
At this thought, he immediately became alert. 
His sharp gaze swept the room, ensuring that everything was in place on the third floor, before he went to the second floor. 
His bedroom was on the second floor and the housekeepers would normally not go there. 
With a frow, he inspected every room briefly before going to the first floor. 
Could it be that Traceless was among his housekeepers
The possibility was very small. 
However, he suddenly heard a movement in the room. Spinning around, he asked, “Who’s there?” 
Upon uttering these words, he saw a petit, frail and almost pitiful female figure step out of the shadows. It was Qiao Yiyi. 
She looked at Lu Nanze timidly, biting her lip, almost too frightened to hold his gaze for too long. She lowered her head and stared at her toes with awkward coyness. 
Lu Nanz frowned and asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Qiao Yiyi quickly explained, “I- I just got back. I- I wanted to go upstairs.” 
She pointed at the bedroom upstairs after she said this. 
Indeed, this was the way to her bedroom. 
Lu Nanze looked at her curiously. “When did you get back?” 
Qiao Yiyi answered at once, “About half an hour ago, I was eating in the kitchen.” 
After saying this, she looked down again and even cleaned her nails. There was a shiny film on it, probably grease. 
This Qiao Yiyi was really something, getting her fingers greasy from having a meal. d. 
Lu Nanze frowned when he thought how unpresentable she was, even when it came to her hand hygiene. He impatiently waved at her to leave and said, “Go up then.” 
She nodded at once. 
As he stared at her timid posture, she made her way up the stairs. He frowned again. 
He turned to continue with his hunt for Traceless, but he spun around again suddenly, as though recalling something. “Hang on!” he yelled. 
Qiao Yiyi, who was on her way up, immediately halted. 
With her back to the man, she narrowed her eyes and tightened her fists. 
She raised an eyebrow and couldn’t help thinking, “Have I given something away?” 
She retraced the day in her head. She didn’t think she had left any loopholes, there was no way he would know her identity. 
She slowly turned around at this thought and looked at him. 
He stared at her, taking in a good measure of what he saw. She looked cautious. 
Just as she thought that the man had figured out who she was, he said, “Are you alright?” 
She was stunned. 
He continued, “I misunderstood what you were trying to do earlier at the wedding. I’ll get the family physician to come in and take a look tomorrow.”
###Chapter 1670: A New Beginning (10) 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back at once and, lowering her head, she quickly said, “No, no, it’s ok. I’m fine. I’m as healthy as an ox!” 
Lu Nanze: … 
She was comparing her frail figure with an ox
Was that a deliberate insult to the ox?! 
Lu Nanze replied with a frosty look, “It’s been decided. Now go back upstairs.” 
She wanted to retort, but ended up staying silent, as though remembering something. She immediately turned around and went upstairs. 
Before she could take another step, he called her again, “Hang on!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She halted again, feeling thoroughly exasperated. 
Hang on, hang on, my ass! 
My time is precious, dude! 
But not only could she not go upstairs, she now had to keep pretending to be nervous. She turned around to look at the man, waiting for this big businessman to give instructions. 
Yet unexpectedly, he said, “Thank you for today.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She widened her eyes and looked at him in disbelief. 
She recovered from her shock after a moment and nodded at once. Turning around again, she ran upstairs. 
Even though she had been worried in the beginning about not being able to hold back her laughter and make him suspicious, she had had to run away now from shyness. 
Looking at her back, the man sighed and walked away. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi went upstairs and entered her bedroom. 
She was staying in a separate room from Lu Nanze. 
She removed her coat, revealing the black bodysuit beneath. 
She took off the bodysuit and folded it up till it was a tiny bundle the size of her thumb. Then she stuffed it into an unnoticeable corner. 
Following this, she lay down on the bed and raised her hand. 
In it was the bracelet she had stolen from Lu Nanze today. 
At Qiao Lian’s wedding, he had asked her to give this bracelet to Qiao Lian. She had figured that this inexpensive bracelet must have been quite important to Lu Nanze. 
When the man had shoved her aside today, she had been determined to take revenge, that was why she had stolen it. 
But he… actually just thanked her
Lu Nanze was a well-known leader in the underworld and always had to have the last word. Because he was so powerful, no one dared to offend him. Yet a person like him had thanked her
Qiao Yiyi shuddered and tossed the bracelet aside. Then she tucked her hands under the back of her head and stared at the ceiling. 
Shortly after, her cell phone rang. 
She looked down and picked up the phone. She looked at the screen and frowned. 
After a while, she took the call and said timidly, “Hello, Dad.” 
“Yiyi, it’s your dad calling. Why did it take you so long to answer?” 
“Dad, I didn’t hear the phone.” 
“I’m calling because I heard that Mr. Lu is back. Do you think I should visit him tomorrow?” 
The girl rolled her eyes. 
Ever since their wedding, her father had been hoping to visit Lu Nanze. But the man had not been staying at home lately, so there hadn’t been a chance for them to meet. So now that he had heard Lu Nanze was back, was he trying to come and get welfare in person
The girl replied at once, “Dad, I guess it would be fine, but Mr. Lu seems… to be in a bad mood. He met Best Actor Shen and his wife at the wedding, and he looked unhappy.”
###Chapter 1671: Qiao Yiyi (1) 
The meaning behind her words was cleur—Lu Nanze was in a bad mood, so don’t come over. 
Dad Qiao understood and said, “Well then, we’ll see tomorrow. And, Yiyi, you have to give Mr. Lu a child as soon as possible. Only with a child will you be able to strengthen your position. You have to know that you have nothing! If it weren’t for the fact that the media announced you were going to marry Qiao Yiyi, you would have never had such good luck. To Mr. Lu, you are nothing at all. You have to understand this and know what to do at the right time, do you get it?” 
She rolled her eyes. 
Then she said, “I know, Dad. I will take good care of Mr. Lu and won’t even dream of being ambitious.” 
Dad Qiao: … 
Dad Qiao coughed softly and said, “I don’t mean that. I mean that you have to be smart about it and plan. You have to understand that only if your family grows strong, he’ll treat you with respect. If our family seems too poor…. No, you have to think for our family, understand?” 
Qiao Yiyi protested, “But Dad, Mr. Lu has a bad temper, I wouldn’t dare—” 
“You- you coward! Really, forget it, I can’t knock sense into you. I’m hanging up!” 
After he hung up, Qiao Yiyi stared at her cell phone and twitched her mouth. 
Then she tossed the phone aside. 
Indeed. 
She was just a replacement. 
When Lu Nanze’s father was alive, they had announced a wedding between Lu Nanze and Qiao Yiyi. But that Qiao Yiyi had been given a life sentence for homicide, so she was in jail. 
Left in a difficult position, Lu Nanze thought of a solution—he would marry someone with the same name and put a stop to all the rumors. 
Hence, that became her opportunity. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi gave a frosty laugh. 
She cast this matter aside and went to take a shower. When she returned, she climbed back into bed and fell asleep. 
– 
When she woke up, the sun was high in the sky. 
Qiao Yiyi… No, actually, it was that Qiao Yiyi [1.In Chinese, these names are pronounced the same, but the writing is different]. She stretched her body and went to the bathroom to wash up before heading downstairs. 
She made a beeline for the kitchen and found some food. She took it to the dining room. 
She pretended not to notice the looks of disdain that the housekeepers threw at her. 
After having breakfast, she looked up and stretched again. Suddenly, she noticed Lu Nanze sitting on the sofa in the living room. 
Qiao Yiyi: …! 
Recently, Lu Nanze had not been home and she had gotten used to it. How could she have forgotten that he had come home yesterday?! 
Immediately, she withdrew her arms and looked at him timidly. 
Lu Nanze, on the other hand, had not even raised his eyes to look at her. He was staring ahead, deep in thought. 
He had been trying to hunt down Traceless all night without any hint of success at all. 
Was Traceless really this amazing
As he contemplated this, the butler walked in. “Sir.” 
Lu Nanze lifted his gaze and saw that the butler was staring at him. He then did the same in Qiao Yiyi’s direction. 
Qiao Yiyi had no idea what that look was about, so she stood there, saying nothing. 
The butler cleared his throat and spoke, “Erm, Madam’s family is here to visit. They say Madam has invited them.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!
###Chapter 1672: Qiao Yiyi (2) 
When had she invited the Qiao family
These people were perpetually inconsiderate and fake. They were simply shameless! 
Anger welled up inside her and her eyes flashed sharply. But those emotions quickly passed and she immediately regained composure, behaving like her usual self once more. 
She kept silent. Lu Nanze lifted his head and glanced at her. Following this, he said, “Let them come in then.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She stood there looking at the door. After a moment, she saw Dad Qiao with her half-brother Qiao Gang appear. The two of them stood at the door awkwardly, nodding and bowing to Lu Nanze. “Mr.- Mr. Lu is here today!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless as she looked at these brown-nosers. 
Given that Lu Nanze was Dad Qiao’s son-in-law now, would he speak up confidently
But of course, she wouldn’t say this aloud. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there with her head down. Lu Nanze nodded calmly and stood up. “You can chat with each other then, I’m going upstairs.” 
it was obvious he wasn’t going to have anything to do with Dad Qiao. 
Dad Qiao immediately said, “No, no.” 
But he didn’t get past those two words before the atmosphere turned awkward and embarrassing. 
Dad Qiao gulped and fell silent. 
Lu Nanze threw Qiao Yiyi a glance and headed upstairs. 
After Lu Nanze had gone upstairs, the tension in the living room vanished. Dad Qiao and Qiao Gang became more relaxed. 
Qiao Gang turned and looked around the villa, most impressed. He exclaimed, “Wow, the Lu family is indeed something. You little b*tch, you’ve indeed married into a good family!” 
Little b*tch. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and continued to stand there with her head down, keeping silent. 
Dad Qiao was compelled to say, “Yiyi, your brother’s talking to you. Why are you ignoring him? That’s just rude. Do you have any education? You—” 
Before he could finish, Qiao Yiyi looked up and said with innocence, as if wrongly accused, “Dad, wasn’t educating me your job?” 
Dad Qiao choked on his words. 
He cleared his throat and nodded as he said, “Well then, get the housekeeper to serve some water!” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the housekeeper and requested, “Big Sister, could you bring some water for everyone?” 
Since Lu Nanze was home, the housekeeper didn’t want to come across as too harsh. She simply glared at Qiao Yiyi and went into the kitchen. 
Dad Qiao immediately decided to give his daughter useful advice. “When you talk to the servants, you need to be more strict. They won’t respect you if you’re so polite, which also means they won’t respect your brother. Did you not see the way she glared at your brother?!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
He was more concerned about Qiao Gang being snubbed by the housekeeper than her. 
She continued looking down in obstinate silence. 
Dad Qiao was somewhat irate by now and said, “I’m talking to you, why are you ignoring me? You’re so slow, it’s no wonder you’ve been married for half a year and still haven’t gotten pregnant! Tell me, is it because Mr. Lu has not even touched you?” 
The moment these words fell, Qiao Gang could not keep himself from adding, “It must be. Look at how terrified she looks all the time! It’d be a miracle if Mr. Lu even felt attracted to her.” 
Upon hearing those words, Qiao Yiyi looked up and stared at Qiao Gang.
###Chapter 1673: Qiao Yiyi (3) 
Qiao Gang was immediately surprised and said, “What’s with that look? Little b*tch. Believe me when I say I will hit you if you give me that look again!” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately lowered her head in silence. 
Qiao Gang said, “You shameful illegitimate daughter! You dare to glare at me!” 
Illegitimate daughter?! 
Qiao Yiyi could not help curving the corners of her mouth into a derisive smile. 
Her mother had been Dad Qiao’s legal wife. 
It was only when Qiao Gang’s0 mother had come into the picture that her parents had divorced. 
After that, she and her mother had built a life for themselves, and they had actually done rather well. If it weren’t for them running into some trouble, they would never have returned to the Qiao family. 
Even less would they have allowed the Qiao family to arrange her marriage with Lu Nanze. 
At this thought, her pupils shrank back. Hence now, she had to endure this. 
Since she didn’t know if her mother was dead or alive, nothing could happen to her right now. 
So Qiao Yiyi continued to look down in silence. 
Dad Qiao quickly stopped Qiao Gang from speaking and said, “That’s enough. What’s this you’re sayin?. Both of you carry my blood. I’m telling you, you are siblings, you have to help each other, do you understand?” 
Qiao Gang snorted and muttered, “Look at how retarded she is, how can she help me?” 
He said this softly, sounding a lot more subdued now. 
Dad Qiao ignored him and looked at Qiao Yiyi. Then he glanced at the second floor furtively and asked, “How many days is Mr. Lu going to be here?” 
Qiao Yiyi cast her gaze down and said, “I have no idea.” 
Dad Qiao got exasperated at how things were not going his way fast enough. He stared at her and said, “You’re really- If I had known, I’d have married your sister to him. You got such a good opportunity, but you don’t know how to treasure it!” 
Except that her sister’s name wasn’t Qiao Yiyi. 
Did he think that he could just marry anyone off to him as he wished
What a joke. 
Qiao Yiyi ridiculed the man in her mind while she kept silent with her head lowered. 
Seeing how obstinate she was, Dad Qiao didn’t know what else to say. 
At the time, he had allowed her mother to take her away because she was a daughter. 
Eventually, her mom hadn’t been able to continue and had sent her back to the Qiao family. When she returned, Qiao Yiyi had been pitifully scrawny. 
Dad Qiao’s current wife did not like her and didn’t want her there. So when she heard that Lu Nanze was seeking a replacement, she immediately volunteered the girl without a second thought. 
Qiao Yiyi was a weak girl, so at the time, she had stupidly and unquestioningly agreed. Hence this was how she had been married off to the Lu family. 
Dad Qiao was now very angry and said, “Anyway, the reason why I’m here today is because I’m trying to arrange your brother’s marriage. We are aiming at the Li family’s third daughter, they are wealthy.” 
What a joke, that was a crazy demand. 
At best, the Qiao family was a middle-class and modest family, but he was scheming to get a marriage with the daughter of a wealthy family. 
Qiao Yiyi pretended she hadn’t heard it and said, “Go ask for the marriage then!” 
Dad Qiao forced himself to calm down and said, “They would never agree if we went, so we thought of getting Mr. Lu to do this on our behalf.” 
To get Lu Nanze to force them into it?! 
Qiao Yiyi said without waiting for him to finish, “Why would they not agree? Doesn’t their third daughter like Qiao Gang?” 
“Shush!” Qiao Gang was livid upon hearing this and said, “You little bi*ch, who did you just say she doesn’t like? Do you want to get beaten?” 
As he said this, he raised his hand ready to strike Qiao Yiyi. 
She narrowed her eyes and clenched her fists tightly. 
Around the same time, she heard a voice, “What do you think you’re doing!?”
###Chapter 1674: Qiao Yiyi (4) 
Qiao Gang’s hand froze in mid-air the moment he heard those words. 
He looked up in astonishment. 
Qiao Yiyi, who was standing in the living room, had been contemplating if she should take or dodge the slap. 
After all, this was the Lu family home. If Lu Nanze found something amiss, trying to cover it up would be troublesome. 
He wasn’t as foolish as the Qiao family members. 
But it came as a surprise to her that Lu Nanze would actually intervene. 
She stared at him in surprise as he walked down from the second floor. He didn’t look too pleased. He approached Qiao Gang and Dad Qiao, stared at them and asked, “Go on and explain. What are you doing?” 
Qiao Gang immediately fell silent and did not dare to speak. 
Dad Qiao immediately laughed and lightly hit Qiao Gang’s head, saying, “You silly son! You think this is our home? Fooling around with your sister like that. This is the Lu family home and your sister is married. It’s no longer appropriate to fool around with her like when you were kids, understand?” 
The moment he said this, Qiao Yiyi retorted, “Dad, I had never fooled around with my younger brother when we were kids.” 
Dad Qiao: … 
Qiao Gang: … 
Dad Qiao instantly gave a light cough and said, “He is used to fooling around with your younger sister and he thinks he can do the same with you. Don’t take it to heart.” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately lowered her head and fell silent. 
She was as invisible as air to them. 
The atmosphere in the room turned awkward suddenly. 
Qiao Gang did not dare to utter a word and could only stare at the ground, afraid that Lu Nanze might do something nasty to him. 
Dad Qiao gave an embarrassed laugh and said, “Your brother’s just trying to show his love.” 
Lu Nanze inquired, “His love? I don’t think there’s a need for that.” 
No one quite knew how to answer this remark. r?d.＆nbsp;cm
Dad Qiao could only try to push the responsibility on to her. “It- it was Yiyi trying to show her love.” 
Qiao Yiyi kept her head down as she twitched her mouth. She did not speak so not to put Dad Qiao in an even more embarrassing position. 
Instantly, no one in the living room was saying anything. 
After a while, Lu Nanze finally said, “Is there anything else you want?” 
Dad Qiao said, “I- I was just thinking, Qiao Gang is quite old now. And- and—” 
“Uh huh, old enough to be getting married?” 
Dad Qiao nodded at once and said, “Yes, yes.” 
Lu Nanze thought for a moment and then asked, “And which family’s daughter do you have in mind?” 
Immediately, Dad Qiao said, “The third daughter of the Li family.” 
Lu Nanze thought again for a moment and replied, “I don’t know her much.” 
Dad Qiao inquired again, “Mr. Lu knows the Li family?” 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and replied, “A bit.” 
“Well then, do you think you could talk to them about marriage with Qiao Gang?” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this shameless request, she was speechless. 
How could Dad Qiao be this shameless? How could someone make such requests like that
Unexpectedly though, the next moment Lu Nanze said, “I can.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Why was Lu Nanze acting so out of the norm today
In line with how he would normally ignore her, he wouldn’t have even participated in such a conversation. 
She looked at the man in astonishment. 
Dad Qiao was elated and asked, “For real?” 
“Uh huh, I could mention a possible marriage with them, but what about the gift?” 
Dad Qiao was stunned and repeated, “The gift?” 
“That’s right, I know the head of the Li family and I can do you this favor. But if you don’t have a gift of about tens of million, I don’t think I can approach them.”
###Chapter 1675: Qiao Yiyi (5) 
Tens of millions
Dad Qiao widened his eyes in horror and gulped. 
Lu Nanze asked, “What’s the matter? Don’t want to spend the money?” 
“No, not at all! Of course not! This is the price to marry the daughter of the Li family!” Dad Qiao immediately agreed. 
Lu Nanze nodded and said, “Prepare the money and once it’s ready let me know. If there’s nothing else today, you may go.” 
Dad Qiao almost said something, but eventually fell silent. He looked at Qiao Yiyi and signaled with his eyes that she should accompany them to the door. 
However, she glanced at her father and kept silent. 
Dad Qiao couldn’t help but regret his daughter’s obstinacy and slowness. She wasn’t even capable of catching such an obvious hint. 
Why on earth had he even moved to marry this daughter off to Lu Nanze
She was going to be the death of him. 
He suppressed his anger and threw Qiao Gang a look as they simultaneously went to the door. 
They turned to look at the house again as they were on their way out. 
Qiao Yiyi maintained her silence as they walked out. 
After they had left, Qiao Yiyi remained where she was, contemplating what to say to Lu Nanze. The man, however, turned back upstairs with no indication that he wished to speak with her. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
It looked like that had just been her being overly enthusiastic. 
She went back to her own room. After she did so, she picked up her cell phone and laptop. Her fingers flew over the keyboard as she typed something. A chat window appeared. 
She pressed send. 
[Yiyi: You there?] 
The reply was almost instantaneous. 
[Number 2: Here, have always been here. What’s up these days? Didn’t you say you’d contact me only after things have been settled?] 
[Yiyi: It’s not safe yet. Do me a favor.] 
[Number 2: Go on…] 
[Yiyi: Check out how much money the Qiao family has at the moment?] 
[Number 2: I already have the information ready for you. They don’t have much money saved, only the house they live in. And oh, thanks to your brother, who is quite an expert at losing your family fortune, the house doesn’t have much in it either.] 
Not much in it
Qiao Yiyi found this laughable. 
Some time after Dad Qiao married her mother, his business failed. He had hoped that her mother could fund him and help him tide over the difficult period, but at the time her mother had been in trouble herself. Fearing any unwanted attention that could come with showing one’s wealth, she had had to lie and say that she didn’t have any money. 
Believing her words, Dad Qiao had then turned to Qiao Gang’s mother for help. The two hit it off and eventually ended up together. 
One could say that Dad Qiao had betrayed her mother for money. 
Her mother would laugh bitterly whenever she talked about it. “He’s just an ingrate who had no future perspective. I have enough money to support ten businesses, but he abandoned me for a bit of money. But thanks to this, I saw his true colors. I could have told him my secret otherwise, and it would have been too late. He’d never have been able to keep a secret!” 
Her mother had passed her skills as an expert thief to Qiao Yiyi. Her mother had an abundance of family assets and now it was all hers. 
Hence, Dad Qiao would never know what he had lost when he had abandoned her mother back then. n?e?. Co
Qiao Yiyi smirked at the thought of this. Hence, her father’s plight today…
###Chapter 1676: Qiao Yiyi (6) 
Qiao Yiyi gloated over their pathetic situation and looked forward to the entertainment this would bring. After all, Lu Nanze had now left them in a difficult question. 
But of course, this was not the least bit her problem. 
She was but a passerby in their lives. After the storm blew over, she would go back to her own world. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi decided not to think about this anymore. 
Her computer’s alarm sounded. She looked up at once and saw that a next message from Number 2 had come in: 
[Number 2: Yiyi, when are you coming back exactly? I miss you lots!] 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and typed on the keyboard: 
[Yiyi: I’m waiting for news from Mom. Once she’s settled her issues, I will be able to return.] 
[Number 2: Auntie has not been in contact lately. I hope nothing’s gone wrong.] 
When Qiao Yiyi saw this, her heart skipped a beat. 
She had been worried about her mother for some time, but she hadn’t wanted to say it aloud. Furthermore, there was no use in worrying, so she would rather not think about it. 
But now that Number 2 had said it, it was as though that pretense deep inside had been shattered. She started to fret. 
She thought for a moment and then turned off the computer. 
She sighed as she paced the room alone. After this, she picked up her cell phone and dialed a number. 
The call got through to a recorded message, “Sorry, the number you are trying to call is not available.” 
She frowned immediately and tossed her cell phone aside. She stared at the ceiling and wondered, “Mom, where are you?” 
As this thought came to her, she suddenly heard a movement outside. 
She picked her ears at once and looked at the door. Then she heard the sirens of police cars. 
The police were here?! 
She got anxious at once and jumped on her feet. She stood at the doorway, observing the situation. 
After a while, the front door swung open. 
Two police officers strode in. e?. 
When she saw them, Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back instantly. 
Because they were none other than her arch-enemies. 
These two police officers were the cream of the crop. The police had established a crime unit to specially track her down. 
She had fought with them in the past. 
There was even one time that she had been heavily injured by them. Her injuries had yet to fully recover. 
The fact that she had been separated from her mother and was here now was to a large extent because of their relentless pursuit. 
She sighed at this thought as her eyes followed them closely. 
Could these two be here now because they smelled something fishy
She kept observing them through the narrow slit of the door, which was slightly ajar. 
Lu Nanze obviously had not expected the police to turn up at his doorstep, hence he had a rather gloomy expression as he made his way down. He looked at the police officers and said, “Police Officer Liang, you found some time to come all the way here? I don’t think we’ve done anything illegal lately.” 
Upon hearing these words, Liang Liang smirked and replied, “Don’t worry, Mr. Lu. This time we’re not here for you. We only wish to ask you a few questions about Traceless.” 
Qiao Yiyi was immediately anxious when she heard this. 
Bingo! 
These two had come here for her. 
She clenched her fists nervously and looked around, trying to quickly figure out a way to escape if they discovered her identity. 
It would be a little difficult to put up a fight against three people.
###Chapter 1677: Qiao Yiyi (7) 
The layout of the Lu family residence flashed through her mind. 
In the last half a year, she had done nothing but familiarized herself with the surroundings. She now knew the Lu family home like the back of her own hand. 
Lu Nanze had thought that his home was perfectly secured, but the fact was there were gaps. 
On the eastern end there was a CCTV blindspot and coincidentally, in that spot there was a hiding space big enough for a child only. 
It also happened that the martial arts that she practiced kept her body thin and petite, which meant that she could easily fit into and exit this spot. 
If they discovered her identity, she could escape from there. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi finally relaxed. 
She continued to observe the situation downstairs. 
It was evident that Lu Nanze was on rather good terms with Liang Liang since they spoke to each other informally, almost rudely. They were both friends, but also enemies. 
Lu Nanze said to Liang Liang quite candidly, “What has Traceless got to do with me?” 
Liang Liang inquired, “I heard that Traceless paid your villa a visit last night.” 
Lu Nanze nodded immediately and said, “You get your news quickly!” 
Liang Liang smiled and said, “Not that we have a choice. We’ve been trying to track her down for three whole years. Of course we’re quick about these things” 
Lu Nanze laughed. “So you think I have some kind of connection with Traceless?” 
“Not really. It’s just that when Traceless appears, she steals something. So we’re here to see if we can find some clues about who sent her. If we manage to find this person, we should be able to also get some information on Traceless’ whereabouts.” 
Lu Nanze raised an eyebrow. 
At first, he wasn’t at all keen to admit that something had been stolen from him because it was simply embarrassing. But he seemed to realize something and smiled at once, saying, “Oh, I had a bracelet stolen from me.” 
“Bracelet? What’s its value
Liang Liang took out his notepad. 
He was in his uniform. With his head lowered, his side profile carried firm determination. Because he spent a lot of time working outdoors, his skin had a golden tan to it, making him look even more masculine. 
Staring at him from upstairs, Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. 
She lowered her gaze as her heart agitated. 
Biting her lip, she tried to suppress the faint stirrings in her heart and carefully listen to what they were saying. 
Lu Nanze laughed in an exceptionally odd manner when he heard this question. He said, “The market value of that bracelet is a thousand?” 
Liang Liang’s hand stopped writing as he looked up at Lu Nanze. 
The female police officer next to Liang Liang said immediately, “Mr. Lu, I don’t think your joke is funny.” 
Although the lady was in her police uniform, she spoke softly enough to melt a man’s heart. 
But when Qiao Yiyi heard her, she snorted frostily. 
As she stared at the lady downstairs with clenched fists, an inexplicable pain welled up within. 
Lu Nanze stayed still and remarked, “Police Officer Bai, what has my conversation with Police Officer Liang got to do with you? Also, I never lie. You can take it or leave it.” 
Lu Nanze had a temper. Of course he took offence at her remark. 
Liang Liang intervened quickly, “Bai Anan, don’t speak nonsense.” 
Then he looked at Lu Nanze and said with a frown, “Why would someone pay 10 000 in exchange for a bracelet worth a thousand? Do you actually know who hired Traceless then?”
###Chapter 1678: Qiao Yiyi (8) 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes when he heard this. With an curve of the corners of his lips, he said, “That bracelet was an that Mrs. Shen had in her youth. I think apart from Mr. Shen, no one else would be interested in it.” 
Upon hearing this, Liang Liang squinted and replied, “Mr. Shen… Shen Liangchuan?” 
Lu Nanze nodded affirmatively at once. “That’s him.” 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her mouth when she heard this. 
She really had not thought that Lu Nanze would be such an idiot. 
It seemed this man was willing to do anything to make life hell for Shen Liangchuan. 
But at the same time, it was a relief for her. 
At least this would give Liang Liang enough reason to continue his work and leave the house. 
Following this, Liang Liang and Bai Anan got on their feet. “Alright then, we’ll come to you again if we have more questions. We’ll be on our way now.” 
Lu Nanze nodded and said, “Alright, take care.” 
Liang Liang turned and followed Bai Anan as they walked out. 
Qiao Yiyi’s gaze had not left the man for a moment. 
Then, as if he could sense he was being watched, Liang Liang halted and looked up. 
His piercing gaze found its way directly to the second floor. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately dodged out of his line of sight. 
Lu Nanze was staring at them so, when he saw Liang Liang looking upstairs, he followed the man’s gaze and asked, “What is Police Officer Liang looking at?” 
Liang Liang shook his head and said, “Nothing.” 
After saying this, he suddenly asked, “By the way, I heard some time ago that you got married. I haven’t met Sister-in-law since you didn’t have a wedding. I wonder if Sister-in-law’s home.” 
Lu Nanze frowned and answered, “She is.” 
“Could I meet her then? If I ever run into her, at least I’ll know who she is. Otherwise it could get embarrassing.” 
Lu Nanze smirked and replied, “I don’t think we’re that close. Besides, why would you want to get to know her?” 
Liang Liang: … 
Liang Liang was going to speak again when the butler interrupted, “Sir, the family physician is here. Shall I take him to Madam right now?” 
That remark was immediately the perfect excuse for Liang Liang as he said, “Sister-in-law is unwell? Then all the more I should pay her a visit. You may consider me a stranger, but I never saw myself as such. So hurry up and have her come down to meet us.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze threw Liang Liang a frustrated look. 
The truth was that he didn’t care if Liang Liang met Qiao Yiyi. It was just that since their youth, they would always speak to each other slightly rudely. 
Given the situation had come to this, it would be unreasonable of him to continue denying Liang Liang’s request. 
Hence, Lu Nanze could only glance upstairs and ask the butler, “Go have a look at what Madam is doing. If she’s not busy, she should come down and meet a few guests!” 
The butler nodded and said, “Yes.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Wasn’t the problem getting bigger
Why was it getting so complicated again
The family physician was here and, if he were to find out about her old injuries, then wouldn’t she be busted
She frowned as this thought crossed her mind. 
Then she heard Liang Liang ask, “By the way, you saw Traceless? Fought with her?” 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and admitted, “Yes, we fought.” 
Liang Liang kept asking, “And how was she? Was she a little weak? We had a confrontation once and she was seriously injured. Given how much time has passed since, I’m quite sure she still has internal injuries.”
###Chapter 1679: Qiao Yiyi (9) . 
There was an unconscious excitement in Liang Liang’s tone. 
Next to him, Bai Anan gave him a glance and lowered her head, obviously not forthcoming with her thoughts. 
Lu Nanze looked up, slightly puzzled. His eyes rested on Liang Liang briefly before glancing past him. 
Looking a little guilty, the latter said, “I only want to know about her health. This could be a hint too, as we try to track her down.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and then said after a moment, “It was a very brief fight. I can’t be sure.” 
Liang Liang lowered his head in disappointment. 
At this point, the doctor walked in. 
Lu Nanze looked up and mumbled, “Isn’t she coming down?” 
The butler went to Qiao Yiyi’s door. She could only open it and give the butler a timid look. 
The butler started, “Madam, Sir has asked for you downstairs.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
She knew she wasn’t going to be able to get away from it. 
Otherwise, Lu Nanze and Liang Liang would both be suspicious. 
But how was she going to dodge the doctor’s examination
Currently, most family physicians were trained in western medicine, so this one may not be able to tell that she had internal injuries. 
But if he examined her chest area and found out that she had a fractured rib, he may ask her to go for an X-ray. At that point, she might be exposed. 
No. 
She must not let the doctor know she was in pain. 
At this thought, she lowered her head. Her eyes darted around quickly as she tried to think of a solution. 
Downstairs, Lu Nanze and Liang Liang were sitting on the sofa. They sat opposite each other without speaking. 
When Qiao Yiyi went downstairs, she saw Liang Liang, who was facing her direction. 
She hadn’t seen him for half a year. He had grown thinner and tanner. 
That pair of dark eyes carried some memories. 
Although he was smiling like he used to, she could feel that he was less cheerful. 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists tightly and looked at him. 
Sensing that someone was coming downstairs, Liang Liang looked up. 
When he saw that familiar silhouette on the stairs, he froze, thinking that he must be seeing things. 
His mind went blank at once, as he stared intently at the woman on the stairs. 
It was her
As that thought struck him, he heard Lu Nanze introducing, “This is Qiao Yiyi.” 
Liang Liang got over his surprise and then realized… that face. It was not a face that he knew at all. 
He suddenly realized that he had gotten the wrong person and said, “So this is Sister-in-law?” 
Lu Nanze nodded and said to Qiao Yiyi, “This is Liang Liang, we are childhood friends.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. Although she looked timid on the outside, inside she was going crazy. 
What sort of situation was this
Was Lu Nanze the kind of criminal who had become a good person
Who would have thought that a rich business man would be on such good terms with a police officer
She was there to find a safe haven, not to look for more trouble. 
If she had known this man and Liang Liang were on such good terms, she would never have married him. 
After realizing that he had gotten the wrong person, Liang Liang saw that this woman was so timid she didn’t even dare raise her eyes. Noticing that she blushed in the presence of strangers, he quickly looked away. 
At this point, Lu Nanze pointed at the family physician and said, “Alright, let the doctor take a look at you.” 
Then he explained to the doctor, “I was careless and injured her lower back yesterday. Please examine her to make sure she’s alright.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …
###Chapter 1680: Qiao Yiyi (10) 
Careless and had injured her lower back. 
That was misleadingly suggestive. 
Liang Liang couldn’t help giving Lu Nanze a teasing look. 
While Lu Nanze was quite nonchalant about it, Qiao Yiyi cursed silently. 
But she lowered her head, putting on an extremely embarrassed look. 
The doctor promptly stepped up and said, “Madam Lu, please take a seat and allow me to examine the bones around your lower back.” 
The lower back wasn’t too far from the ribs, so how could she allow him to examine her
She immediately waved her hand nervously and said, “It’s alright, there’s no need.” 
The doctor was stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi blushed deeply and explained, “I- I’m fine. I’m really fine.” 
Lu Nanze turned around and said, “Stop the nonsense talk. I said get it checked. Don’t wait for it to get worse before seeing a doctor. Who’ll be to blame then?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes reddened as she lowered her head. She grabbed her shirt tightly and said, “My- my mother said that I’m not allowed to let other men look at my body.” 
When she said this, she wrinkled her face as though she was going to cry. Lu Nanze found this exceptionally annoying. 
What was this woman made of tears
She was too weak. 
He frowned, looking a little impatient, and was going to say something when Liang Liang suddenly burst out in uncontrollable laughter. 
“Mr. Lu, this wife of yours, did she time travel from the past? She is so funny!” 
Funny my ass! 
Qiao Yiyi tightened her fists, trying to curb her growing urge to punch the man. 
She kept her head down. 
Lu Nanze couldn’t possibly force the girl to do this. His expression turned icy as he said, “Well then forget it!” 
He got on his feet immediately after saying this and stormed upstairs. 
He didn’t care a bit that he had made Qiao Yiyi look bad. 
She stood there staring at his disappearing figure and twitched her lips. Conscious that Liang Liang and Bai Anan were still standing behind her, she immediately lowered her head and squeezed out a tear before she turned to them, looking terrified and cowardly. i?re?. ?m
Liang Liang felt it was quite inappropriate to stay and exchanged a glance with Bai Anan. He stood up and said, “Let’s get going.” 
Bai Anan immediately nodded. Then she reached out, grabbed his arm and said, “Brother Liang, let’s go.” 
Qiao Yiyi froze on the spot. 
Her eyes were locked on their entwined arms. 
Her fists tightened as discomfort overtook her. 
The past that she thought she had left behind suddenly reared its ugly head, causing her eyes to sting at once. She fought to hold back her tears. 
So they were indeed dating now. 
“Madam Lu, Madam Lu?” Qiao Yiyi was drawn back to the present by the doctor. She turned to look at him as he asked, “Are you alright?” 
Liang Liang turned around, puzzled, upon hearing this. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately feigned a terrified expression and asked, “Is Mr. Lu angry?” 
Family physician: … 
Liang Liang: … 
She continued looking terrified and added on the verge of tears, “What do I do now? Mr. Lu is angry. My mother did really tell me that I was not allowed to let other men touch me. I didn’t do it on purpose. I- I- Sob, sob, sob.”
###Chapter 1681: Where is Traceless? (1) 
When Liang Liang saw this, he cast his gaze down. He turned around and walked out with Bai Anan. 
Once they were gone, Qiao Yiyi finally sighed in relief. 
Seeing how stunned the family physician was by what had happened, she lowered her head and went upstairs quietly. 
Upstairs, Lu Nanze had already gone into his study. 
Qiao Yiyi sneaked around and saw that he was behind his desk reading some documents. 
She was relieved at once. 
It looked like Lu Nanze was no longer pursuing the matter about Traceless. It meant closure for last night’s episode. ?a. 
Hopefully. 
– 
After Liang Liang and Bai Anan had left Lu Nanze’s house and reached a quiet corner, Liang Liang shook Bai Anan off. 
She paused and turned back to look at him. 
He said, “It’s too warm. Let’s get into the car.” 
But Bai Anan was hurt by that gesture of rejection. 
She clenched her fists tightly. After a moment, she took a deep breath and followed Liang Liang. 
The two of them walked to the car. 
As they did so, Bai Anan suddenly spoke, “Brother Liang, you still can’t forget her?” 
She did not name the person she was referring to, but both of them knew who she was talking about. 
Liang Liang halted. After a brief pause, he turned to Bai Anan and said, “Stop speaking nonsense.” 
She gave a frosty laugh and replied, “How is that nonsense? Obviously you haven’t forgotten her! You’re my boyfriend now, how could you have someone else in your heart all the time?!” 
Liang Liang frowned and said, “Bai Anan, I’m doing a job, stop overthinking.” 
“I’m overthinking?!” 
Pointing at herself, Bai Anan said, “I truly wish I were overthinking it! Your eyes when you talked about her then said everything. And when you saw Madam Lu, it was in your expression too! Let me think… Oh, that’s right, Traceless and Madam Lu are alike. Both of them are petite.” 
Bai Anan suddenly paused after she said this. 
Liang Liang was all the more stunned. He stared at her and asked, “You also thought that Madam Lu’s body resembled hers?” 
But as soon as he had said this, he laughed bitterly and denied it, “How could it be her? She’s so impressive and high-profiled. Everyone knows Madam Lu is actually the Qiao family’s illegitimate daughter. That’s why she has such a timid and weak personality. We are thinking too much about it.” 
“So now you feel it’s a pity she isn’t?” Bai Anan raised her voice uncontrollably. 
Liang Liang frowned and said, “Bai Anan, I’m just stating things as they are!” 
“Stating things as they are! Liang Liang, how could you treat me this way? You-” By now, her eyes had reddened. 
Unwilling to pacify her, Liang Liang walked to the other side of the car and opened the door. “Are you getting in?” 
She felt a chill in her heart. 
She bit her lip, eventually stamped her foot and got into the car. 
Liang Liang kept silent as he started the engine. 
Bai Anan turned to look out of the window. 
The two of them kept quiet for a long time, until Liang Liang finally said, “Bai Anan, give me some time.” 
Now the tears started rolling down her cheeks. 
Liang Liang lowered his head and said, “I admit it, I just can’t forget her.” 
As she sobbed and choked on her tears, she realized that the car was heading in an unexpected direction. “Where are you going?” she asked. 
“Beijing. To look for Shen Liangchuan and ask him a few questions.”
###Chapter 1682: Where is Traceless? (2) 
Liang Liang drove straight to Beijing. 
It was already 10 p.m. when they arrived. 
He drove directly to Shen Liangchuan’s apartment. There he was informed by the butler that because Qiao Lian had just given birth, they were all at the hospital. 
Without stopping for a break, Liang Liang headed for the Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital. They were stopped by security officers at the entrance and were only let in when Liang Liang took out his police badge. 
He entered the VIP ward and saw Shen Liangchuan in the room, playing with the baby. 
The woman on the hospital bed looked quietly peaceful, although she seemed quite pale. 
Liang Liang waited outside for a while before he knocked on the door. 
Shen Liangchuan was inside taking care of both the new mother and the child. 
When they heard the knock, Qiao Lian opened her eyes. 
Shen Liangchuan was immediately angered. He turned around to look at the door and watched Liang Liang walk in. “Mr. Shen, how are you? I’m a police officer and this is my badge. I have a few things to verify with you, could you come out for a while?” 
Shen Liangchuan frowned and was about to explode when Qiao Lian shook her head and said, “I’ve slept for a long time and have got enough rest. You can talk here.” 
Shen Liangchuan knew that she was worried about him and concerned that he was in some sort of trouble. 
Hence, he looked directly at Liang Liang and said, “Police Officer Liang, come straight to the point and ask then.” 
Liang Liang started, “I wonder if Mr. Shen has ever heard of Traceless?” 
“Yes, I have.” 
“If that’s the case, Mr. Shen, have you ever hired her services? Just last night, a bracelet belonging to your wife has been stolen by Traceless from Mr. Lu.’s home” 
Shen Liangchuan narrowed his eyes at once. 
Then he chortled and replied, “So Police Officer Liang, do you have any sort of evidence?” 
Liang Liang shook his head. 
“Well then, why are you asking me these questions? Just because the bracelet used to belong to my wife?” 
Liang Liang choked. 
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and said, “I don’t know what you’re talking about and would like you to leave! You can come and look for me when you have proof!” 
Then he lowered his head and refused to say another word. 
Liang Liang was cornered. He could only say, “Mr. Shen, please cooperate with our investigation. We’re not targeting you, we only want to catch that professional thief Traceless!” 
“Catching a professional thief is your job, what has it got to do with me?” 
Shen Liangchuan pointed at the front door and repeated, “Could you leave immediately? In the future, if you have more questions for me, please get in touch with my lawyer or secretary. You may come if I agree.” 
He did not bother to be polite. 
After being reprimanded, Liang Liang’s expression darkened. He said, “Mr. Shen, you’ve offended me. Aren’t you worried that I could use it against you?” 
Shen Liangchuan laughed icily and repeated, “Why aren’t you leaving?” 
Liang Liang had no choice but to turn and walk out. 
After the door had shut, Shen Liangchuan snorted icily. 
Qiao Lian asked, “Why so angry? It’s just me waking up, really, no big deal.” 
Shen Liangchuan replied, “There are other reasons.” 
She looked at him with a puzzled expression. 
He walked up to her, stroked her head and said, “Traceless is actually a heroic thief.” 
“Even if she’s a heroic thief, she’s broken the law!” Qiao Lian’s values were unwavering. 
Shen Liangchuan nodded. “That’s right. If it had been someone else, I would have surely told everything, I wouldn’t have interrupted their investigation. But if it’s Liang Liang… Ha.” 
Shen Liangchuan’s tone was derisive. 
Qiao Lian was curious and inquired, “Why? What’s the story?”
###Chapter 1683: Where is Traceless? (3) 
“They hired Liang Liang specially for the crime unit that is tracking Traceless. After all these years, he’s the one that knows Traceless the best. Traceless comes and goes silently, there are less than a handful of people in this world who know her true identity. But in his relentless pursuit of Traceless, he got to know her.” 
Qiao Lian was stunned and asked, “Are you saying that they fell in love?” 
Shen Liangchuan nodded and replied, “That’s not too far from the truth. They liked each other and gradually found out that it was mutual. At some point, they met up frequently.” 
Qiao Lian frowned and asked, “What happened then?” 
A police officer falling in love with a thief. 
What could be the result
Shen Liangchuan cast his gaze down and continued, “You can see what happened. Traceless disappeared and Liang Liang has been hunting her all over the world. About what happened between them, I heard rumors, but it was just talk. The people involved never told anyone, so I can’t be sure either.” 
Qiao Lian was stunned. “Well then, you have no idea whose fault it was. Why are you so mean to Liang Liang?” 
Shen Liangchuan spoke with a mocking tone. “I just feel that a man who can’t even protect the woman he loves is a good-for-nothing. Besides, a woman like Traceless has the courage to take responsibility for her own actions. When she fell in love, she did wholeheartedly. So even if I don’t know the full story, I still think Liang Liang is at fault.” 
Qiao Lian fell silent. After a moment, she took a deep breath and spoke, “If you were a police officer and I were a thief, what would you do?” 
Shen Liangchuan was silent for a while before he reached out and drew her into his embrace. He said, “I don’t know how others prioritize responsibility and love. I’m not a police officer and have never trained to be one. I’m an ordinary man and nothing else is more important than you.” 
Just as he said these words, the baby started crying. 
Qiao Lian: … 
Shen Liangchuan: … 
At a loss for words, Qiao Lian finally said, “Alright, alright. Your son needs to change his diapers and that’s more important than your wife. Hurry!” 
– 
Liang Liang left the hospital. Bai Anan was waiting for him in the parking lot. When she saw him, she immediately greeted him and asked, “How was it? Any clues?” 
Looking gloomy, he replied, “He really didn’t cooperate.” 
This angered Bai Anan, who said, “How could he?! I’ll go and talk to him! If he doesn’t cooperate, we’ll find an excuse to take him back to the police station.” 
Liang Liang stopped her and said, “Where do you think we are? This is Beijing. Stop your nonsense. Shen Liangchuan’s family is not a regular one, we shouldn’t mess with them.” 
She stamped her foot in anger and said, “So what do we do now?” 
He suddenly said, “I don’t think it’s him.” 
Bai Anan was surprised. “Why?” 
“If he had wanted to hire Traceless to steal the bracelet, why didn’t he do it during the wedding? You know how Traceless works. Usually when she gets a job, she does it the following day. However the day she stole it was the day that Shen Liangchuan’s good friend, Mo Xicheng, was getting married. I just think that it doesn’t make sense.” 
Bai Anan fell silent for a moment and then said, “But if it wasn’t Shen Liangchuan behind this, then who could it be?” 
Suddenly, both of their eyes lit up at once.
###Chapter 1684: Where is Traceless? (4) 
Bai Anan instantly said, “If Shen Liangchuan didn’t ask her to steal the bracelet, there could only be one person who’s taken Lu Nanze’s bracelet and it is Mrs. Lu. If Lu Nanze still loves Qiao Lian and can’t forget her, then Mrs. Lu must definitely be unhappy. We might have been checking in the wrong direction.” 
After saying so, she lowered her head. “But was Mrs. Lu really the one who hired someone to steal it? Mrs. Lu, she’s so timid, would she dare to do such a thing? No matter how I think about it, it feels impossible.” 
Liang Liang’s also frowned. “Let’s find a chance to talk to Mrs. Lu after we are back in Suzhou.” 
Bai Anan nodded in agreement and replied, “Ok.” 
– 
In the Lu family. 
Qiao Yiyi had stayed home the whole day. When night came, and after having dinner, she hid in her room again, searching everywhere for news of the police catching thieves. 
Ever since she had been separated from her mother, she had feared that she would be caught. Thus she had constantly been keeping a look out for such news. 
At that moment, she got a message on her laptop. 
[Number Two: Yi Yi, do you want to accept a new task?] 
When she saw this, Qiao Yiyi was slightly shocked. She calculated the time and realized that she hadn’t accepted any new tasks for a month. 
As she had set the rule that she would only take one task a month, a lot of customers had been queuing up. According to the schedule Number Two had planned for her, she had already tasks planned for almost the next two years. 
Even though she was currently in a bad state, for her reputation and her customer’s trust, she must keep to her promise. 
She lazily replied: 
[Yi Yi: What task is it this time?] 
[Number Two: Coincidentally, the task this time is in Suzhou. They want you to steal a gem from the Li family.] 
After Qiao Yiyi heard his words, she nodded and continued: 
[Yi Yi: Is there a floor plan of the Li Family’s house?] 
[Number Two: I got that ready for you. I have already sent it to your email. Go and check.] 
[Yi Yi: Ok.] 
After closing the chat window, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help laughing. 
Didn’t Qiao Gang want to marry the third daughter of the Li family? Little did she know that her mission this time would involve the Li family. 
She stretched and then relaxed her body. 
She opened her email and started looking. 
The floor plan of the Li family’s house was really simple. The Li family hadn’t bloomed after doing underground business for years, like the Lu family. Hence, their security system wasn’t as good as the Lu family’s and there were many loopholes. 
In no time, she thought of many plans for how to steal and also had found a lot of spots that she could escape from. 
In case she was being targeted, she had to think of at least five ways to escape. 
– . Com
In the study room, Lu Nanze sat behind the study table. He was staring at the documents on the table quietly, but he hadn’t flipped them in a long time. 
Shen Liangchuan had protected Qiao Lian really well. Even though she had given birth yesterday, the reporters hadn’t announced it till now. 
He wondered if she had given birth to a boy or girl. 
He was only concerned about how Qiao Lian had been and hadn’t paid attention to her child. 
As he thought so, he felt really dissatisfied. 
Shen Liangchuan was really too petty. 
How could he not share with him the happy news till now
In his depression, his phone rang. 
He lowered his head and saw that Liang Liang had called. 
Lu Nanze’s eyes brightened and he coughed softly. Although he had immediately picked up his phone, he paused for a moment before answering the call.
###Chapter 1685: Where is Traceless? (5) r. om
When the call connected, he heard Liang Liang’s voice coming from the other end of the line. “We will return to Suzhou immediately. I’m currently in Beijing.” 
Lu Nanze suppressed the crazy excitement in his heart and asked calmly, “Any updates?” 
“It doesn’t look like it was Shen Liangchuan’s doing, so I will no longer follow Shen Liangchuan’s lead. I trust my intuition.” 
Lu Nanze nodded and replied, “Yes, I also think that he isn’t so bored as to do something like this.” 
“Then why did you tell me that he was the one who did it?” 
“I didn’t. When did I ever say that?” 
Liang Liang thought, “Indeed, he didn’t.” 
It was just that the bracelet was Mrs. Shen’s. Hence, he had automatically thought that Shen Liangchuan had asked Traceless to steal it. 
Following this, Liang Liang got mad instantly. “What is the reason you made me travel all the way to Beijing?” 
After he said so, Lu Nanze asked, “Is it a boy or a girl?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. “What?” 
Lu Nanze continued asking impatiently, “I’m asking you if it’s a boy or a girl.” 
Liang Liang was silent for a while and suddenly realized what he meant. “You asked me to go to Beijing just to help you see if her child was a boy or girl?!” 
Lu Nanze didn’t reply to him and Liang Liang was completely speechless. If he hadn’t been on the highway, he might have rushed crazily to Lu Nanze’s house and fought with him. 
“Fine, I’ll tell you! It’s a boy!” 
Lu Nanze understood and said, “Ok, I know it.” 
Liang Liang: … 
Liang Liang absolutely didn’t know what to say, he was completely speechless. 
He took a few deep breaths and finally suppressed his agitation. Then he said, “Ok, I’m hanging up.” 
The line was disconnected. 
The butler walked in and said, “Sir, I’ve found it.” 
When Lu Nanze heard his words, he instantly lifted his head up sensitively and looked at the old butler. 
The butler said, “Traceless’s next target is the gem of the Li family.” 
After hearing what the old butler had said, Lu Nanze stood up instantly and told him, “Ok, start preparing. I want to go out tomorrow night.” 
The butler hesitated for a while and said, “Sir, I think it’s better to get bodyguards to protect you. Are you sure that you want to take action personally?” 
“That’s right.” There was a shine in Lu Nanze’s eyes, akin to those of a wolf. 
It was rare for him to meet an opponent. He must meet her personally. 
– 
On the highway. 
Liang Liang also received a call. “Go to the Li Family’s house?” 
He frowned and replied, “Ok, noted.” 
After he hung up the phone, Bai Anan instantly asked, “What? Are there news of Traceless?” 
She instantly continued in excitement, “We must catch her this time and not allow her to escape again! You must know that it’s really super hard to find news about her!” 
When he heard her words, Liang Liang’s pupils shrank. 
He had subconsciously recalled the past. 
The gaze Traceless had sent at him while escaping gravely injured… 
That gaze was something he might not forget in his life. 
Unconsciously, he said, “It’s not.” 
Bai Anan was stunned. “It’s not?” 
Liang Liang nodded and replied, “Yes, it’s not. It’s another case that has nothing to do with you.” 
Bai Anan stared at him, looking as if she was deep in thought. Then she laughed. “Oh, it’s alright if it’s not then. You must tell me if there are news about her.” 
“No problem.” 
Although Liang Liang had said that, Bai Anan had instantly clenched her fists. 
She could almost be completely sure that the person he was talking about was Traceless. 
But even now, Liang Liang still couldn’t forget her and wanted to protect her.
###Chapter 1686: Where is Traceless? (6) 
After the two of them got back to Suzhou and Liang Liang had taken Bai Anan home, he sped away. 
Noticing that he was in a hurry, Bai Anan frowned. 
After a moment, she took a deep breath, picked up her cell phone and dialed a number. “Dad, an informant called Liang Liang today, would you know what it was about?” 
Bai Anan’s father was Chief Bai, a high-ranking officer at the police station. He immediately said, “Of course, it was about Traceless. Her next target is the Li family. It could happen tomorrow night so he has gone to prepare.” 
Bai Anan tightened her fists at these words. 
Chief Bai asked, “What’s the matter? Did Liang Liang not tell you?” 
She laughed at once and replied, “Nothing. Just that I only heard it briefly. Since it’s Traceless’ case, then I should go tomorrow as well. Dad, will you give me a few of your best armed police?” 
“Sure.” 
After they hung up, a vicious smile spread across Bai Anan’s face. 
She snorted icily. 
Did you think that I wouldn’t find out just because you kept it from me? Not only have I found out, I’m going to ensure she doesn’t escape. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi, who was now in the Lu family home, had absolutely no idea that there were already people paying close attention to her identity. 
The corner of her eye twitched. She had a bad gut feeling about it. 
But once she had taken on a job, she would never decline it. Furthermore, she had been baptized with bullets and gunfire, why should she fear a small job like the Li family
She shut her eyes and ran over the facts in her head once over. The next day, she stayed home all day to analyze the situation. 
As the skies turned grey, darkness fell. 
She heard Lu Nanze take a phone call, which sounded like a business call. Then he said, “Alright, I’ll come over right now.” 
The next thing she knew, he had driven off into the distance. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes narrowed as Lu Nanze said these words. She waited for the man to leave the house. Then with a smirk, she changed into her night suit and tied her hair up into a high ponytail. 
She looked at herself in the mirror. 
In it, she saw the reflection of a petite figure. 
The silhouette was neat and simple, but anyone could tell that she had a great figure, with a nicely proportioned chest and pert bottom. Her body was dark and beautiful without being too suggestive. 
Qiao Yiyi had very plain features and normally kept her head lowered. Hence, no one ever noticed her looks. But now, when she was no longer hiding that pair of sharp and piercing eyes and with her hair pulled back from her face, it was clear she actually did have rather pretty features. 
Without makeup on now, her solemn and calm face had a dark and mysterious charm. 
Her lips were luscious and plump with moisture. 
She looked at her own reflection in satisfaction and the corners of her lips curved upwards. She took out the silver mask and placed it over her face. At once, the woman in the mirror gave out an alluring aura and was transformed. 
Qiao Yiyi was satisfied with what she saw and puckered her lips to blow a kiss at her own reflection. Then she walked to the balcony, looked around to check that the coast was clear and, with a quick twist of her body, leaped from the platform. 
In a flash, her tiny and lithe figure melted into the darkness and disappeared into the night. 
Dodging almost every surveillance camera in the Lu family home, Qiao Yiyi left the building behind, made a few turns and found herself in a public parking lot. Then she got into her sports car and sped off to the Li family home.
###Chapter 1687: Where is Traceless? (7) 
The Li family residence. 
At that moment, no one in the house knew that they were being closely monitored. 
The senior master of the Li family had the habit to, before going to bed every night, lovingly gaze at a gemstone. This precious gem was something he had acquired illegally many years ago. 
The stone had a red sheen that made it mesmerizing to look at. 
Qiao Yiyi crouched outside the window observing the senior master carefully. 
There was an unmistakable look of greed in his eyes as he stared at the gem stone. 
This old man. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes. 
This precious stone was in fact something that had been passed down for generations by the true owner’s family. This meant that the owner’s grandmother had passed it on to her mother, and then her mother had passed it on to her. But years ago, the owner had gotten into a bad marriage. 
Because the senior master of the Li family loved that gemstone, the owner’s husband had taken the gemstone without her knowing and had secretly sold it off. 
She had tracked down the Li family and tried to buy the gemstone back from them. However, the senior master had asked for an exorbitant price that was ten times the original price. 
The owner had had no choice but to leave empty handed. 
All these years, she had never forgotten this gemstone. Through much effort, she had managed to save up the sum he had asked for. However, Senior Master Li now said that the gemstone was no longer with him since he had sold it. 
The owner knew that the old man was lying, but she couldn’t do anything. So now, she had hired Traceless to steal this stone. 
Although this stone, about the size of a cat’s eye, was a rare gem, it wasn’t as though it was priceless. It was just that Senior Master Li knew that the owner’s marriage had failed and thought she was an easy pushover. 
Traceless twitched her lips, thinking that it had partly been the woman’s fault for being too weak and cowardly to keep her own belongings safe. 
She rolled her eyes. 
Nevermind. Why was she even judging the situation? Simply put, some woman had paid her some money to work for her. 
At this thought, she looked around. Very soon after, the plan began. 
– 
Senior Master Li was now looking at the gemstone in his hand. 
Over the years, he had grown to like it more and more. He had grown quite attached to it and had made it a point to hold it and look at it every night. Otherwise, he couldn’t sleep. 
Tonight, he was feeling exceedingly sad and did not want to take his eyes off the . It was as if that would be the last look. 
As he was looking at the gemstone, the lights in the room suddenly went out. ?. ｍ
Senior Master Li immediately stood up. Because it had gone dark suddenly, his vision did not adjust quickly enough and this created a blind zone before him immediately. 
He frowned and shouted, “What’s happening?!” 
Right at that moment, he felt an emptiness in his hand. 
He quickly called out, “Someone come quickly! A thief has entered the house!” 
The butler downstairs thought he heard some movement and quickly dashed upstairs. He threw the door open and lit the room with the lantern on his cell phone. 
All of this had happened within a short few seconds. 
But by the time the lights in the room came back on, the gemstone that had been in the senior master’s hand was gone. 
The room was empty and the windows were shut. How could the gemstone have just disappeared like that?! 
Senior Master Li panicked and said, “Hurry, hurry! Shut the villa gates and call the police! Don’t let the thief run away!” 
At his order, everyone rushed out. 
The butler ordered the few service staff who had followed him upstairs, “You, go to the main gate. You go to the back gate, and you inspect the surroundings.” 
According to the given orders, the staff walked in various directions. 
And among these people, Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and briskly walked out of the room.
###Chapter 1688: Where is Traceless? (8) 
Qiao Yiyi had the gift of blending in with the crowd, thus being easily overlooked. 
Hence, hidden among the security officers and staff, she was able to walk out of the room and, after taking a turn, she walked to the side of the house. 
Following her escape plan A, she moved towards the lowest wall surrounding the Li family home. 
Although there was a security device on the wall, that was a small matter for her. 
She tossed a line up and held onto it. Using the strength of her arm, she nimbly pulled herself up. 
She turned around and saw that a group in the courtyard was shouting. She found herself breaking into a mocking smile. 
Humans were such fools. 
At this thought, she turned again and jumped. 
Bam! 
Both her feet touched the ground. Just as she was about to retrieve her line, she heard a voice behind her, “You turned up after all.” 
Qiao Yiyi froze at the sound of that voice. 
Her head spun around, an expression of disbelief on her face. In the darkness, she saw Liang Liang standing by the wall, staring at her. 
He stood in the shadows, hence when she had leaped down from the wall, she had not noticed Liang Liang even though she had checked. 
Especially because he had come here today to stop her, he was dressed in black. It would have been impossible to spot him in the dark. 
She clenched her fists tightly at once and smirked, “The great Police Officer Liang, it’s been some time.” 
Her tone was sarcastic and distant. Liang Liang felt a dull pain in his chest. 
He looked at Qiao Yiyi and frowned. He started, “You promised me you wouldn’t steal again!” 
She tightened her fists at these words. 
That was right, she had promised him. 
But that was the past. She had thought that she could stop for the sake of this man. ?nr?d. 
But in the end, she had realized that she was just being naive. 
This man was not worth her sacrifice at all. 
As her eyes started to smart, her smile grew more brilliant. “Oh, I was just trying to appease you. You believed me?” 
He was infuriated by her words. “Traceless! How could you treat me like this?!” 
“What about you?” Qiao Yiyi looked at him and continued, “How did you treat me then?” 
Liang Liang choked. “Traceless, I had no choice. And it was you who betrayed me first, you went back on your word.” 
“So it seems we had to take different paths in life. Look at you now, aren’t you here to catch me? A police officer and a thief will always be enemies.” 
Liang Liang immediately tried to explain, “I’m not, I’m not here to—” 
Before he could finish, they heard footsteps and men from the special forces immediately closed in around them. 
Traceless’ pupils shrank back as she gave the man a mocking smile. “I thought Police Officer Liang was here today for old times’ sake, but it looks like I was wrong. But getting so many people to catch a small time thief like me, I should feel so honored!” 
By now, Liang Liang was in a panic and tried to explain, “Traceless, I didn’t- It wasn’t me. I—” 
Bai Anan’s voice interrupted before he could finish, “Brother Liang, we’re here! Stop her, don’t let her get away!” 
As she said this, the men closed in further.
###Chapter 1689: Where is Traceless? (9) 
Qiao Yiyi found these words funny. 
She looked at the men surrounding them and knew that there was no way she could escape. 
She looked at Liang Liang. Her heart froze. 
But she had already known it, hadn’t she
When he led the men to attack and injure her, she had already known that it would end up like this 
What was wrong with her? Instead of running at the first sight of him, she had rather stood rooted to the ground. Why had she given him time to surround her with these men
She must have been crazy and delusional to have held any hopes about this man. 
She smirked and tightened her fists. 
Liang Liang was at a loss for words by now, trying hopelessly to explain, “Traceless, no- I didn’t.” 
Traceless smiled at him icily. “You didn’t? You’re standing here to stop me, so don’t tell me you’re not here to capture me!” 
Liang Liang choked again and felt a little exasperated. “You betrayed us first!” 
He wasn’t sure why he was standing there. As a police officer, his duty was to take Traceless back with him, but he wasn’t sure if he could do it. 
He stood there, motionless. 
Bai Anan was most ecstatic as she closed in on them. 
She knew that the only way for Liang Liang to give up on Traceless was to get rid of her completely. Only then would Liang Liang forget this person. 
But Traceless was too smart and for the last half a year, she had moved from place to place so that they could not collect any evidence. This was their first meeting after half a year. 
The icy wind was blowing through her hair as the fine strands danced in the air. Even though surrounded by the men, the girl was not the least bit daunted. 
Being a thief was obviously shameful, but this girl, on the contrary, stood tall and bold, so it was quite impossible to despise her. 
She was like a princess of the night. It was as though she was the one taunting them. 
Bai Anan was all the more agitated by this. 
She was the daughter of the bureau chief and she had always been secretly in love with Liang Liang. Not that it was a very well hidden secret, for everyone at the police station knew it. But Liang Liang had always been indifferent towards and, on the contrary, had given all his attention and care to this girl thief. 
He had even gone to the extent of suggesting aloud in front of her father that this Traceless was a messenger of justice, that if she turned herself in, they should publicly announce her case and make her a special member of the police forces. 
How could that be possible
If Traceless made a public appearance or turned up at the police station, then what would she become
She would become a joke. 
Hence, in their last mission… 
Bai Anan narrowed her vicious eyes upon recalling the past. It had been a long and difficult journey, it had taken so much effort to persuade Liang Liang to become her boyfriend. She was not going to let all of this be destroyed. 
Hence with a wave of her hand, she said, “Make sure you capture her, dead or alive!” 
At this instruction, the special forces immediately pointed their sniper guns at Traceless. 
Bai Anan said aloud, “Traceless, you’d better place your arms down and surrender. Otherwise, I can’t guarantee your safety.” 
Liang Liang’s eyes narrowed at once and his head snapped up to look at Traceless anxiously. “Traceless, don’t do anything rash. These are men from the special forces and come from specialized units. So please don’t do anything rash! You’re no match for them!” 
Don’t do anything rash
Qiao Yiyi found this extremely funny and pathetic at the same time.
###Chapter 1690: Where is Traceless? (10) 
Liang Liang was so naive and funny. 
If she didn’t fight him, did he really think that she was willing to be caught here and then spend the rest of her life in jail
Her lips curled upwards. 
She looked at Liang Liang and said, “From what you know, what kind of person do you think I am?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. 
Then his heart was lifted instantly. 
Qiao Yiyi spoke slowly, her voice was cold in the dark, completely emotionless. No one would have been able to hear her sadness and loneliness in that instant. “I would rather die here while fighting than give in. I have said it before, I’m someone who’ll never give in! For your sake, I gave in once and that will be the only time in my whole life.” 
She was a thief and the thing that she had been lacking the most since young was the sense of security. 
But she had been willing to try to trust a police officer. 
It really showed how much determination she had put in then. 
But in the end
Whenever she recalled the consequences she had had to suffer then, her heart would hurt so badly that she couldn’t breathe. 
Her gaze turned cold and, after saying those words, she turned and tried to run away. 
At that moment, Bai Anan yelled, “Open fire! Quick, open fire! Kill her!” 
With her words, the men from the special forces all raised their guns and fired at Traceless. 
Liang Liang shouted loudly, “You’re not allowed to shoot! Stop shooting!” ?α. o
But his command was of no use at all. The special forces that Bai Anan had brought would obviously not listen to his orders. 
He got anxious and took a step forward, almost wanting to shield her from the bullets instinctively. 
Just at that moment, Traceless moved really fast, as if she was a spirit, and grabbed the rope that had dropped down. Like a spirit, she jumped up and into the Li family’s house. 
Watching her escape right in front of her eyes, Bai Anan became anxious. She quickly rushed forward and said, “Go chase her! Quick! I heard the sound of a bullet hitting flesh just now, she must be injured. Go, notify the Li family and catch her.” 
Bai Anan’s face was calm and not anxious at all. 
Half a year ago, Traceless had gotten severely injured. If it wasn’t because she hadn’t fully recovered, she wouldn’t have let them surround her. 
And she was once again injured. The Li family had all of its security up and ready to fight. Since she had gone back in, she had to be caught no matter what. 
As Bai Anan thought so, she instantly instructed the men from the special forces, “Both of you, go to the back door of the Li family’s house! Both of you, go to…” 
After she had given the instructions, she heaved a sigh of relief. But after that, she felt a cold gaze on her. 
She turned her head and saw that Liang Liang was staring at her with a freezing look. 
Bai Anan choked. She gulped and then said, “Brother Liang—” 
“Why are you here? You followed me? Or have you been tracking me?!” 
Liang Liang’s voice was sunken. He shot out ice cold glares that could kill at her. 
Bai Anan became scared by his gaze but the next moment, she braced herself and said, “Brother Liang, you have misunderstood me! I just wanted to help you and this is what the police chief instructed, I cannot go against it. I know that you can’t bear to arrest her. When I asked them to shoot just now, I didn’t want to kill her. It’s just that at this point… Brother Liang, my father knows that you definitely can’t be cruel to her. He said that the matter regarding Traceless had been dragged for too long, and he wants us to settle it by today.” 
This time, she just chose to bring up her father, so Liang Liang was completely unable to retaliate. 
This was because Bai Anan’s father was his direct superior.
###Chapter 1691: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (1) 
Liang Liang stared at Bai Anan, speechless at that instant. 
Then he turned around and looked at the floor. 
On the floor was a puddle of blood and it was obvious that Traceless had been hit by the gunshots. 
The reason why she had been able to escape was due to her agility. 
But if she had been shot somewhere, her movements would definitely be affected. Thus, would Traceless really get caught tonight
But according to her mindset of dying rather than being caught, she might fight the special forces with her life on the line. 
As he realized this, Liang Liang instantly turned without saying anything and rushed into the Li family’s house. 
He left Bai Anan standing on the spot alone. She stomped her legs in anger after seeing Liang Liang’s attitude. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi was indeed hurt. 
If it had been half a year ago, she would have definitely been able to escape. 
But in the last half a year, she had gotten hurt and hadn’t recovered completely. 
A bullet had shot into her left shoulder. 
She pressed hard on her injured shoulder, stopping the blood from flowing out and leaving evidence. Then she moved through the Li family’s house. 
Her first plan had failed and the second was definitely not workable either. 
Out of all the plans she had made along the way, only the fifth plan was feasible. 
But… she was injured. 
The fifth plan was to jump into the water and swim out. 
Her shoulder was injured and she would be completely unable to swim for a long period of time. Thus, she had to give up this plan as well. 
As Qiao Yiyi thought so, her gaze was looking straight into the distance. 
She didn’t feel any fear and her eyes still shone with calmness. e?. o
When she picked up this career, her mother had said that although it was really amazing, thieves always had to keep their brains active because of how dangerous it was. They never knew what kind of situations they would face when carrying out their missions. 
Thus, she had never been really scared of death. 
Furthermore, even in such a situation, she still had the confidence to escape. 
She might not be able to beat the special forces in a battle, but in terms of escaping, there was no one better than her in the world. 
Hence, it was alright. Even if that didn’t work, there were still many alternative solutions. 
She didn’t know what was wrong today, or if there was someone skilled planning in the dark, but all her plans no longer worked. 
Even the last method of escaping through the dog hole wasn’t feasible, since there was someone watching outside. 
Qiao Yiyi felt that today was definitely her unlucky day. 
She took in a deep breath and looked around before running back to the garage of the Li family. 
As long as she could find a car, hide and leave in it, there would definitely be no problem. 
Just as she was sneaking into the garage, she suddenly saw a car approaching from the entrance. 
Qiao Yiyi moved to the side. As she hid there and looked, she realized that the car that had driven in was really familiar. 
It was Lu Nanze’s car. 
Qiao Yiyi’s irises swelled. 
She bit her lips and silently swore, “Dang it!” 
She had already thought earlier that the security and preparation of the Li family didn’t seem like something they had done themselves. And she was right, it had actually been Lu Nanze! 
Lu Nanze had definitely heard that she was coming here today and must have come here to obstruct her. 
Thus, all the protective measures today were a part of Lu Nanze’s plan. 
This person was really her inevitable enemy.
###Chapter 1692: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (2) 
Qiao Yiyi was so angry that she couldn’t help cursing. Then she watched Lu Nanze’s car stop on the side. 
The driver opened the door and they both got out. 
The driver asked, “Mr. Lu, are you still going home tonight?” 
Lu Nanze replied plainly, “Yes.” 
The driver asked again, “What time?” 
“We will leave after I take a look at the situation.” 
“Roger.” 
As both of them spoke, they walked out and away from the garage. 
Qiao Yiyi stared in their direction and turned to look at her own wound. 
She was pressing on it with a lot of force to prevent the blood from oozing out. However, the whole area was already swollen, she wouldn’t be able to stop the blood for long. 
If she really had to wait in the dark till tomorrow, not including the fact that some things could change at night unexpectedly, her injury would definitely get infected and pus would appear. 
And she would definitely fail to hide her identity from the Lu family if that happened. r. om
As she thought so, Qiao Yiyi frowned and her gaze fell on Lu Nanze’s car. 
She tightened her fists and hesitated for a second before moving over really quickly. She then searched for a metal wire and meddled with the keyhole of the car until the trunk finally opened. 
Immediately, Qiao Yiyi hid in the trunk. 
It was indeed Lu Nanze’s car, even the trunk was extremely clean. 
And now, the only thing Qiao Yiyi could do was to continue pressing on her wound, to stop the smell of blood from spreading and raising Lu Nanze’s suspicions. 
As long as Lu Nanze was willing to return home, she would be able to go home just by jumping out of the car. 
As she thought so, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help curving her lips. If everything progressed smoothly, she would successfully complete her task today. 
And Lu Nanze would definitely not think that his weak wife was Traceless. 
Qiao Yiyi closed her eyes and hid in the darkness quietly. 
She didn’t know how much time passed before she finally heard footsteps outside. 
Senior Master Li had personally accompanied Lu Nanze to the door and said, “Mr. Lu, I’m really sorry you had to come here personally for such a small matter.” 
Lu Nanze lowered his eyelids and kept silent. Then he looked up at Senior Master Li and said mockingly, “Since your gem came from an unknown source, it’s also ok if you lose it.” 
Senior Master Li was shocked and speechless. Lu Nanze lowered his eyes and continued while walking out. “I’m really sad that we failed to apprehend Traceless. Today was a wasted trip, but I think you should let the police look around to check.” 
Senior Master Li instantly nodded and spoke angrily, “That thief is so evil! The police are also useless, they can’t even catch a thief after so many years. We, the common people, are suffering too!” 
Lu Nanze broke out in laughter. 
Senior Master Li instantly kept silent after hearing his laughter. 
Lu Nanze then looked at him and said, “You should go back, you don’t have to accompany me anymore. If this gets leaked, it wouldn’t be nice either. It’s alright if people say that you’re frivolous, but it would be bad if people say that I don’t respect the old.” 
He mocked Senior Master Li for sucking up to him and walked to the car. 
Qiao Yiyi held her breath and stared outside. She saw the door open and the driver as well as Lu Nanze enter. Then the car drove away slowly.
###Chapter 1693 .＆nbsp;com
Chapter 1693: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (3) 
As long as the car had not left the Li family’s home compound, Qiao Yiyi was not going to relax. 
She was extremely focused and more anxious now than she had ever been. 
If she were to get caught this time, it would be the end of her. 
She narrowed her eyes at these thoughts. 
The Li family’s villa wasn’t considered large, hence it didn’t take long before the car came to the main gate. 
The security officer opened the gate and the car rolled out slowly. 
As Qiao Yiyi was about to relax, seeing that they were close to exiting, Bai Anan suddenly yelled, “Hang on!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart was in her throat. 
She took a deep breath as she heard Bai Anan’s footsteps approaching the trunk. Following this, the policewoman said, “Mr. Lu, Traceless is extremely cunning. We are cutting off all traffic to and from the Lu family home now. I need to search your car.” 
Qiao Yiyi cursed silently at once when she heard this. 
Bai Anan was hell-bent on capturing her. 
Otherwise, how would she hgve even dared to stop Lu Nanze’s car
At this thought, the driver said, “Police Officer, perhaps you are not aware of whom our mister is?” 
Bai Anan immediately cast her gaze down and said, “Of course I know, but it is every citizen’s duty to cooperate with the police, isn’t it, Mr. Lu?” 
Qiao Yiyi tightened her fists unconsciously. 
This was too disgusting. 
Bai Anan smiled and continued to explain, “Tonight Traceless got injured. It seems her arm might be injured, so it isn’t possible for her to have attached herself beneath the vehicle. But if she were in your car, then she could very well be hiding in the trunk. Mr. Lu, would you mind me taking a look?” 
Qiao Yiyi prayed silently at once, “Please say you mind it. Please mind it. Don’t let her check the trunk!” 
Unexpectedly, as this thought struck, Lu Nanze said, “I don’t mind.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Has your arrogant attitude gone on holiday, Mr. Lu
The man who always has to have the last say in Suzhou, wouldn’t it ruin your reputation if word got out the next day that your car has been searched by the police
She was livid. Everything had gone wrong today. 
But…. 
The next moment, her eyes flashed sharply. 
If Bai Anan opened the trunk, then it may leave her no choice but to die taking Bai Anan to the grave with her. 
Hadn’t Liang Liang betrayed her for Bai Anan
Well then, she would kill his lover and let him live in regret for the rest of his life. 
At this thought, the look in Qiao Yiyi’s eyes sharpened and she drew out a steel wire from her hair. 
The moment Bai Anan opened the trunk, she would pierce her neck with this steel wire. 
She held her breath and stared intently at the trunk’s door, anticipating Bai Anan. 
However unexpectedly, perhaps because Bai Anan knew what she was thinking, she took two steps back and said, “The two of you, check the trunk.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
So Bai Anan was afraid! 
She smirked. It looked like she might meet her death today in that trunk. 
But it was ok. 
With a slight sweep, she rolled the gemstone stolen from Senior Master Li under the seat of the car. 
Even if she were to be captured by these people and had to fight till dead, they would never find this gemstone. 
She would have completed the last job of her life successfully. 
As she contemplated this, she heard Bai Anan saying, “Mr. Lu, would you mind opening the trunk?”
###Chapter 1694: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (4) 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes, preparing herself for the end. 
Just as she was expecting the trunk’s door to swing open, Lu Nanze said in his deep and resonant voice, “Of course I can cooperate with the investigation and open the trunk. Please let me have a look at your search warrant.” 
Everyone: …!! 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and almost dropped the steel wire that she had been holding tightly in her palm. 
Could this man not speak without keeping others in such great suspense?! 
Bai Anan was taken aback and stammered, “Mr.- Mr. Lu, I’m sure you are a law-abiding citizen. It’s your duty to cooperate with our investigation, you—” 
“Yes, I’m a law-abiding citizen, hence I’m asking for a search warrant. Is that wrong? If there is no legal requirement to search my car, why should it be searched?” Lu Nanze by nature was an overbearing man, who also possessed a demonic sort of charm. 
Immediately, Bai Anan turned red. 
“Or does Police Officer Bai think that I, Lu Nanze, is a fool who would let the police search my car as they fancy and whenever they want? If you wish to search, please show me a search warrant. A good citizen like myself will surely cooperate!” 
Bai Anan almost puked half of her blood at that remark. 
Lu Nanze, why did she never use a conventional approach
Livid, she took in a deep breath, stared at the man and said, “Fine, will Mr. Lu please wait for a moment?” 
After this, she walked to the side and took out her cell to call her father. At the other end of the line, Bureau Chief Bai inquired, “What’s the matter?” 
Bai Anan said in a low voice, “Dad, could you get me a car search warrant? An electronic copy would do.” 
The police chief nodded and said, “Sure, the license plate number of the car that you wish to search is… ?” 
Bai Anan turned around and looked at Lu Nanze’s car license plate. She repeated the number to her father. 
Immediately, the police chief replied, “Uh huh, the car search warrant is just- Hang on, this is Lu Nanze’s car?!” 
Bai Anan nodded and said, “That’s right.” 
“Anan, are you kidding?” 
Bai Anan paused and said, “Dad?” 
“You dare to search Mr. Lu’s car? This is nonsense! Let the man pass!” 
Bai Anan panicked and retorted, “But Dad, I—” 
“There is no but! I’m giving you an order, let the man pass, right now! Immediately! Also, come back here at once!” 
Bai Anan: …!! 
Bai Anan bit her lip and continued, “Dad, Traceless may be hiding in his car. Can’t you just issue the search warrant?” 
“Traceless is not a retard, why would she hide in the car of this Lord of Hell?! Besides, even if she were hiding in his car, you can’t search it! You’d make him look bad if you did so, get that clear in your head!” 
Now Bai Anan was really anxious. “Dad!” she cried. 
“That’s all. I’m telling you, even if Traceless fell into Mr. Lu’s hands, that’s not bad either. She wouldn’t be able to escape from him!” 
Bai Anan was speechless. 
Still biting her lip, she hung up and turned around. 
The window of the back seat rolled down slowly, showing Lu Nanze’s annoyed face. 
He turned around, looked at the police officer and asked, “Police Offices Bai, do you have the search warrant?” 
Upon hearing this, she turned pale and then blushed.
###Chapter 1695: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (5) 
Bai Anan felt most resentful and said through gritted teeth, “Of course we don’t need to search Mr. Lu’s car. I suppose Traceless wouldn’t be as bold as to dare hide in your car. Please feel free to go.” 
Lu Nanze nodded and said, “I guess it’s Police Officer Bai who doesn’t wish to search, and not me who refused to cooperate.” 
His words infuriated Bai Anan. 
She suppressed her anger with every effort she could muster as she watched Lu Nanze’s car drive further and further away from the Lu family villa. 
Furious beyond words, she stared at the disappearing car for a while before she turned around and looked at the rest. “Why are all of you standing there like idiots? Continue the search! Search every corner. We must find Traceless!” 
– 
Qiao Yiyi would never find out about the chaos taking place in the Li family home tonight. 
Right now, she was lying quietly in the trunk. 
The enveloping darkness finally gave her some space to relax a little. 
In the past, she had used to think that Lu Nanze was extremely annoying and overbearing, but unexpectedly tonight, especially a moment ago… what a dashing display of a low emotional intelligence. 
She couldn’t help but give a mocking smile. 
Then she wondered if she had lost too much blood to even be thinking well of that man. 
Lu Nanze had done it for his own ego, that was why he hadn’t let Bai Anan search his car. 
These were the sort of privileges that made him different from common people. 
As these thoughts crossed her mind, a faint fragrance suddenly filled the car and drifted into her nostril. 
She paused and sniffed the air. She instantly realized what it was. 
Hurriedly, she tried to hold her breath, but it was too late. 
She felt slightly giddy and her eyelids grew heavy. Eventually, unable to resist it any longer, she shut her eyes and passed out. 
Before she lost consciousness, she cursed silently, “Lu Nanze, you evil ass*ole!! 
Although Lu Nanze sat in the backseat quietly looking ahead, his ears were listening closely to what was going on in the trunk. 
He lowered his gaze and waited till the sound of her breathing weakened. Then he was sure that his tranquilizing drug had worked. 
This sort of drug only worked on injured people. Once the chemical in the fragrance got in contact with blood, it would enter the bloodstream through the wound and cause the person to lose consciousness after that. 
It looked like Traceless was really injured. 
This would be interesting. 
With his gaze still lowered, he suddenly said, “I’m not going home. Drive me to the villa in the suburbs.” 
The driver was surprised, as he did not understand what was going on. He nodded. 
They arrived at the villa in the suburbs. Lu Nanze got out of the car and asked the driver to go home in another car. 
After the driver had left, he looked around to ensure there was no one. Then he opened the trunk. 
When he looked in, he saw a petite female figure lying face-down. 
She was very thin and tiny, like a high school girl. She was curled up into a ball. 
The man reached into the trunk and, with a heave, lifted her out. 
At first, he had thought he would have to drag her out, but he now realized how light she was. He was stunned. 
Only a very skinny person could be so light, right
Was she even 40 kilos
He lowered his head at that thought and looked at Traceless. His gaze fell on the mask. 
If he could only reach out now and take the mask off, he would be able to see who the real Traceless was.
###Chapter 1696: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (6) 
However, this thought came and went in a flash. He twitched his lips in disdain. 
In this world, apart from Qiao Lian, no other woman could pique his interest, unfortunately. 
Carrying Traceless in his arms, he went into the living room. 
Upon switching the lights on, he saw that she was badly injured. 
Her shoulder was already badly swollen. It looked like she had tried to stop the blood from flowing out, since she had applied pressure deliberately. But if the contaminated blood did not leave her body, it would block the blood stream poorly. 
Traceless was quite brutal towards herself! 
At this thought, Lu Nanze tossed her on the sofa and went to take a shower. 
His intention was to wait for the girl to regain consciousness, so that he could have a chat with her. 
However after his shower, he realized that her wound was starting to fester. 
If it wasn’t taken care of properly at once, she could very well lose her arm the next day. 
The man frowned. 
At once, he strode over and, with a look of disdain, lifted her off the sofa. Then he carried her to the bathroom. 
As she had been scaling walls and rolling into cars, her black body suit was now covered in dust and dirt. 
If he were to tend to the wound in this state, it could get infected very easily, so she had to be washed first.  o
Without hesitating, he swiftly removed her thin body suit and put her under the water. 
Qiao Yiyi was rudely brought back to consciousness by this sudden change. 
Her eyes fluttered as she was covered by a warm liquid. 
The moment she opened her eyes slowly and focused them, she realized she was lying in a bathtub. 
And the water in the bathtub had turned red from her wound. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She raised her hands to grab the sides of the bathtub and jumped on her feet. 
Then, as though she had suddenly realized something else, she slowly turned around. Lu Nanze was standing there, staring at her steadily. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She reacted rather slowly at first. She glanced at him and then lowered her head to look at herself. 
She realized that she was stark naked. 
She raised her head and looked at the man again. 
She looked down at her own body once more. 
After doing this twice, the girl, whose reaction had been slowed down by the tranquilizing drug, finally snapped out of her drowsy state. 
She gave a piercing scream and squatted down, crouching in the water. 
“You pervert, what are you doing here? What do you want from me?!” 
She had been in the trunk of the car before losing consciousness and yet upon waking up, she was stark naked. One couldn’t blame Traceless for being too imaginative. 
The fact was that Lu Nanze had not even touched her once after getting married. Because of Qiao Lian, he had never touched another woman. Could it be that the beast in him had just been waiting to break out now?! 
The bastard… 
Taking advantage of her when she was injured! 
Wait. 
She… 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi immediately reached up to touch her face. 
The mask was in place, fortunately. 
As these thoughts were flashing quickly through her mind, she heard Lu Nanze burst out laughing. “What’s there to appreciate in a shriveled bean figure like yours?!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Her head snapped up as she stared at Lu Nanze with her piercing eyes. “Pervert, what did you just say?!” 
The man raised an eyebrow and replied, “Am I wrong? Other women have two buns, but look at you, you have two dots!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!!! 
She looked down at the spot covered by her hands. 
Although she was not perfectly proportioned, it wasn’t as bad as Lu Nanze made it out to be.
###Chapter 1697: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (7) 
Argh, no! What was she thinking?! 
Qiao Yiyi immediately snapped out of her daze. She was infuriated and, glaring at him angrily, shouted, “Get out!” 
Without another word, he immediately turned around and walked out. He had no desire at all to stay for a bit longer. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She was a girl, no matter what, but Lu Nanze never treated her like one. 
Anyway, since he had left, she could escape. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi looked out and saw that she was on the second floor. There was no one keeping watch outside. It would be very easy to escape. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi got on her feet. As she prepared to make her escape, she realized that… 
Her body suit had been ripped apart. It was impossible for her to put it back on! 
And in that room, there was only a bathrobe. 
If she ran out of this place in a bathrobe… They were out in the suburbs, in the middle of nowhere. Where was she going to buy clothes?! 
Then she understood why, when she had shouted at Lu Nanze to get out, he had done so without even looking worried that she would escape. So this was the reason. 
Lu Nanze, he simply thought of every detail. 
She had to give it to him. She sat back down into the bathtub and thought hard. 
As she was doing so, Lu Nanze said, “If you don’t do something about that wound now, it’s going to get infected.” 
Upon hearing those words, Qiao Yiyi turned and looked at her shoulder. 
Right now, it was starting to feel a little numb. 
So in fact, just a moment ago, Lu Nanze had been trying to clean her wound. But it could have been washed just with running water, why had he thrown her into a bathtub? Wouldn’t that make an infection more likely?! 
Qiao Yiyi silently laughed at his decision. Then she turned on the shower head and placed the water stream on the wound. 
After she was done, she stepped out of the bathtub. 
She picked up the bathrobe and draped it over herself. Then she looked at the doorway. 
From what had happened today, she was quite sure Lu Nanze had known she had been hiding in the trunk, but he had taken her with him anyway. This told her that he probably wouldn’t take her to the police station either. 
However, why did the man want to help her
Could it be that he had already guessed her identity
Wait… 
If he already knew her identity, he wouldn’t have left the mask on her. In addition, he wouldn’t have looked so calm. Rather, he would have looked shocked. 
Hence, there must be a reason why Lu Nanze had rescued her. 
These thoughts, on the contrary, calmed Qiao Yiyi down. 
She took a deep breath and looked into the mirror, trying to calm down. 
No matter what that man was going to tell her, she should keep her composure. This was the only way she could negotiate. 
On this note, Qiao Yiyi opened the bathroom door and walked out. 
The moment she stepped out, she saw the man sitting on the sofa. He looked at her and pointed to a seat. “Take a seat.” 
She stood before the sofa. 
He took out a first aid kit and said, “Since Bai Anan has got the city under martial law, we’d be walking right into the tiger’s lair if I took you to the hospital. So I’m the only one now who can help you get that bullet out. I’ve just never done anything like this and don’t know much about it. Would you dare let me have a go at this?” 
Upon hearing this, Qiao Yiyi frowned and said, “She really sees me a threat!” 
Lu Nanze was surprised. Even in a moment like this, she was holding her head up high and did not feel the least embarrassed. 
He looked at Traceless and, for the first time, felt a semblance of admiration for this girl. 
Holding her gaze steadily, he said, “Come here.” 
She conveniently sat down on the sofa. The next moment, the man tugged at her bathrobe and uncovered her shoulder. Then, her full naked body was exposed before him.
###Chapter 1698: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (8) 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned by what he was doing. 
Unconsciously, she lifted her bathrobe. She was about to move when he pressed his large and warm hand against the cool skin of her shoulders. 
The clash of the heat and coolness caused Qiao Yiyi to stiffen. She turned reflexively and said, “What are you doing?” 
The man glanced at her, his expression full of sarcasm. “Why? What did you think I was going to do?” 
Qiao Yiyi did not answer. Lu Nanze burst into laughter and said, “First, I’m no good at first aid. Your wound is so large, how am I going to help you if you keep trying to cover yourself?” 
She frowned. 
That was a fair comment. ?． cｏ
But being in front of a man like this was rather embarrassing. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and did not utter a word, but turned her head to the side. 
After this, she could only feel that hand on her wound. 
Intense pain came suddenly, so she instantaneously stiffened. 
Antiseptic was applied. He cut open the wound further with a knife and then removed the bullet with forceps. 
This process took in total twenty minutes. 
Qiao Yiyi had turned pale with pain and beads of perspiration had formed on her forehead. She clenched her fist tightly and kept her eyes shut without making a noise. 
Lu Nanze had been fully focused when tending to the wound, hence he only saw her expression after he had dressed her wound. 
He was attracted to the sharpness and resilience that she bore in her expression. 
He recalled the moment he had removed the bullet… not even a fully grown man would have been able to endure it. 
But this woman, she had actually taken it all in her stride without uttering a sound. 
His admiration for Traceless grew. 
Furthermore oddly, Traceless, stark naked and in her silver mask, had a forbidden sort of beauty. He was tempted to remove her mask and uncover her face. 
As soon as this idea came into his head, Lu Nanze gave a derisive smile. 
What was wrong with him
Just a moment ago, he had had no desire to see her face but now he was curious. 
He shook his head and retreated a few steps. 
He noted that although she looked scrawny and lighter than most people, her body was well proportioned. It wasn’t as though she resembled a starving African, she just had an exceptionally skinny frame. 
A woman like this, was she an adult
As soon as this thought struck him, he was compelled to ask, “How old are you?” 
How old
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she widened her eyes. They flashed sharply. 
Was he insulting her flat chest again
She looked at him and smiled icily. “Mr. Lu, I don’t think it’s nice to be so focused on other people’s chests?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He had only been thinking that this girl didn’t look very old, and that was why he had asked. What was she thinking
The next moment, she got on her feet and slowly put the rob back on herself. With a calm expression, she said, “Alright, so you’ve rescued me and tended to my wound. Now tell me, is there anything you’d like me to do?” 
She said this in a very business-like manner. 
Lu Nanze suddenly felt stupid when he noticed that she was distancing herself. 
He became serious too and sat down opposite her. Looking at her, he said, “Don’t you think you should reward me for having rescued you?”
###Chapter 1699: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (9) 
Traceless raised an eyebrow upon hearing these words. “What sort of reward?” 
Lu Nanze said after a long pause, “Sign a contract. How about you work for me for three years?” 
Traceless narrowed her eyes and said without hesitating, “No way.” 
Lu Nanze asked, “Why? Do you think your life is not worth this?” 
He was obviously saying that to provoke her. 
Traceless said with a derisive laughter, “Mr. Lu, I didn’t think you’d be this childish.” 
Lu Nanze snorted. 
She continued to say in a business-like manner, “Although my life is valuable, my art is even more so! Since I launched my career, I’ve always stolen whatever I wanted successfully. Hence, I can promise you one job.” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
After all the effort he had put in tonight and jumping through all those hoops, the outcome was the promise of one job. 
Lu Nanze frowned and narrowed his eyes. He stared at the girl and remarked, “Don’t you think this is a bit cheap of you?” 
Traceless laughed icily and said, “If Mr. Lu feels that it’s not worth it, you can take me to the police station now!” 
Lu Nanze replied, “It would be an embarrassment for me if I took you to the police station after rescuing you from the Li family villa. I’m sure you’re quite confident that I won’t do that.” 
Traceless said, “Mr. Lu is indeed an intelligent man.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
This was probably the first time he felt this humiliated in front of a woman. 
He frowned and suddenly turned around. After a while, he returned with a blueprint in his hand and handed it to Traceless. 
She blinked and raised an eyebrow at once, asking, “The Liu family?” 
The Liu family was an authentic powerful force of the underworld and had been growing quickly and consistently in the Jiangsu and Zhejiang region in recent years. This had been especially so after Lu Nanze had come clean. The Liu family had taken over the lead and had now made a name for themselves, so everyone avoided them like plague. 
Traceless gave out a frosty laugh and said, “Mr. Lu is indeed generous. You know, if I stole from the Liu family, I’d become a wanted person at once in the underworld.” 
Lu Nanze spoke in an authoritative tone, “All you have to do is steal, and I will protect you from then.” 
Traceless: … 
He? Protect her
Would she, Traceless, even need it
When had she even been afraid of all these people
She only wanted to avoid trouble, hence she had never gone into direct confrontation with them. 
The Liu family was powerful in the world of organized crime, hence, the head of the Liu family also valued his own life. The surveillance and security system in their property was even more advanced than the Lu family’s. 
It was going to be a tall order to steal from them. And this would even be tougher because of her injuries. 
Traceless lowered her head and contemplated this. Lu Nanze then said, “If you take this job, we will no longer owe each other. How about it?” 
She ruminated on this proposal. Then she looked up and said, “Done deal!” 
Traceless hated owing anyone any favors, and this job was tough enough of a favor for saving her life. 
On this note, she looked up and asked, “What do you want me to steal?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and said, “A stick from a 1000-year-old ginseng.” 
Traceless: … 
“Can’t you buy this from a ginseng seller? What is so special about the Liu family’s ginseng?” 
Although 1000-year-old ginseng sticks were very valuable, it wasn’t as though no one could afford them. 
Lu Nanze explained, “There are too many fake ginseng sticks floating around on the market, however, 1000-year-old ginseng sticks are rare. The Liu family’s ginseng is about the only one around that I can trust.” 
Traceless: … 
She lost strength. She had met people who stole precious treasures, but not someone who stole medicinal herbs.
###Chapter 1700: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (10) 
Furthermore, she had to get through all of their security features. Every step of the way was an obstruction, and all for a stick of 1000-year-old ginseng
Was someone in the Lu family sick
Did they really need that thousand year old ginseng? What was wrong with 100-year-old ginseng?! 
She rolled her eyes but eventually nodded and said, “Fine.” 
As a qualified thief, it was normal to accept all kinds of unreasonable requests from the client. So she took it in her stride. 
Regardless, the one paying a high price for her professional services was not her, but the man. 
As she thought this, Lu Nanze got to his feet. He continued, “The date is up to you, but preferably, complete the job within ten days.” 
Qiao Yiyi continued nodding. “Ok.” 
He said, “You may go now.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She looked down at the robe she was wearing and lifted her gaze to give the man a look of disbelief. What was wrong with this guy
Was he expecting her to walk out in this bathrobe
She was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi grimaced and then looked up at the man. “Well then, if we’ve settled scores, then shouldn’t we also settle accounts?” 
Lu Nanze raised an eyebrow. “What?” 
Qiao Yiyi replied, “You’ve ripped my body suit, shouldn’t you compensate me with a new one?” 
Lu Nanze was immediately stunned. He looked at her and then realized what was going on. 
He was a little stumped and said, “But I don’t have any women’s clothes at home.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stumped too. “So now what do we do?” 
This was a long way from the city. If they went to the city to buy some clothes and came back here, it would take at least three hours. 
Furthermore, Lu Nanze could not let his assistant know about this. The more people knew about Traceless, the more risky it would be. 
So, what were they going to do now
Qiao Yiyi looked around. Women’s clothes aside, she realized that there weren’t even any decorations in the house. There were only a few pieces of simple furniture. 
She could imagine there wasn’t any food in the fridge either. 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her mouth. Then she saw Lu Nanze going upstairs. After a while, he returned with a few pieces of clothes in his hand. 
She looked at them and realized they were his shirts. 
She widened her eyes as he held out the shirts to her. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She wanted to say something, but looking at the man, she decided that he wasn’t the sort that would be meticulous enough to drive for an hour into the city to buy her some clothes. 
She could only accept the shirts from him helplessly, put one on, and take her ripped black body suit from him. 
The man asked, “The suit is in shreds. Are you going to keep it?” 
Qiao Yiyi glared at him and said, “Do you think I’d leave it here and let you keep it as evidence?” 
The man was stumped. Then he noticed that Qiao Yiyi looked as though she had just remembered something. She took out a white towel and went into all the rooms of the house that she had been in. She quickly tidied up the rooms. 
In no time, they were back to their original state. 
Lu Nanze stared in wide-eyed amazement. This was a rare talent. 
It was no wonder they could never find any evidence of her presence. It looked like it was going to be a challenge trying to prove that Traceless had been there. 
Even the fingerprints had been wiped off. 
The man narrowed his eyes at her speed and meticulousness. 
Furthermore, Traceless was so tiny, but her skin was alarmingly pale. Wearing his shirt, with her lanky and straight legs exposed, it did somewhat stir his imagination.

###Chapter 1701: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (11) 
There was a sort of sensuality in the forbidden pleasure which she represented. His throat tightened. 
He turned his head immediately and frowned at himself. What was wrong with him today
Around this moment, Qiao Yiyi finished with tidying up the rooms. She looked at the man and asked, “May I go now?” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
He walked to the door as Qiao Yiyi followed him. 
Then she went to the car that had brought her here. However, Lu Nanze said, “We’re taking this other car.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She turned around and saw that Lu Nanze had taken a sports car out of the garage. 
Who was he trying to impress, driving a sports car in the middle of the night
She silently laughed at the man but said aloud, “I think it’s better to take this one.” 
Brother, please, can’t we just take this car
My gemstone is still in it! 
If she didn’t take it out of the car, how was she going to give back the and complete her job
But of course, she couldn’t say this aloud. 
Lu Nanze did not utter another word and obstinately got into his sports car. He turned around and looked at her. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi looked around and made a mental note of the place. 
Nevermind, at worst she would have to return another time to retrieve the gemstone. 
She walked to his car and got in. 
Cruising along in the sports car, Lu Nanze drove away from the suburbs. He asked her suddenly, “Where are you going?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She had thought that the man would just find a spot to dump her, but now he was asking her where she was heading
Was this really Lu Nanze
Surely, she was imagining things. 
But Qiao Yiyi immediately said, “To the city, just anywhere.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He didn’t know what was wrong with himself. But when he looked at her frail figure, he felt that she needed to be protected. Yet he had forgotten that this skinny girl was not just anyone—she was Traceless. 
She had a strong and resilient spirit and body. 
He fell silent and didn’t speak another word. 
The two of them arrived at the city very shortly. Qiao Yiyi pointed to a spot, indicating Lu Nanze to halt there. 
He pulled the car to a stop and watched as Qiao Yiyi opened the door to leave. 
He called her as a reflex reaction, “Hey.” 
She turned around and looked at him with a puzzled expression. 
Although she was wearing a mask, her eyes were flashing like bright stars. She had a graceful bearing that made her completely different from Qiao Lian. 
Lu Nanze was slightly entranced. 
Then he turned around to avoid her eyes. He opened his mouth, but suddenly was at a loss for words. 
He couldn’t even figure out why he had called her in the first place. 
But in an obvious misunderstanding, Traceless replied, “Don’t worry, Mr. Lu, I will get you your 1000-year- old ginseng in five days.” 
He paused for a moment and nodded. “Just be careful, stay safe.” 
“Uh huh.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. Then she jumped out of the car and shut the door, again with no trace of hesitation or longing. She strode away. 
She was fast, almost suddenly melting into the dark night. 
Lu Nanze looked away from the disappearing figure. 
He loosened his neck-tie, suddenly feeling that perhaps, given how oddly he had been acting tonight, it was time for him to look for a woman. 
At this thought, he shook his head, started the car and drove home. 
Upon reaching the house, he went upstairs. When passed by Qiao Yiyi’s bedroom, he suddenly had a strange urge and pushed the door open. He walked into the room.
###Chapter 1702: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (12) 
He had no idea why he had walked into the room, but when he saw the empty bed and room, he was surprised. 
Qiao Yiyi wasn’t home
Where could she be at this hour
He frowned and walked further into the room. Suddenly, he heard a movement outside the window. 
He turned around instantaneously. Without turning the lights on, he walked over to the window. 
But in the process, he tripped over the leg of a chair in the middle of the room, making a dull thud. 
The sound outside stopped at once. 
In a flash of realization, he quickened his steps towards the window. 
He discovered that the window was unlocked, making it easy for a thief to break in. 
Frowning, he looked outside the window, but below was a patch of darkness. It was difficult to make out anything. 
He exclaimed with an expression of intense focus on his face, “Who’s there?” 
Silence. 
He frowned and turned around. Holding up his cell phone, he called the butler. 
The moment the butler picked up the call, Lu Nanze asked, “When did Madam leave the house?” 
The butler sounded surprised, “Madam has been in her room all this time!” 
Lu Nanze gave an icy laugh and replied, “In her room? Why don’t I see her in her room?” 
The butler was stumped and answered, “But none of us saw Madam going out.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and demanded, “You didn’t see her? So she put on wings and flew away?!” 
As he was saying this, he suddenly heard a noise coming from the bathroom. 
Lu Nanze paused and turned around to look in that direction. 
He hurried over with two quick steps and threw open the bathroom door. 
The sight of Qiao Yiyi, standing there with a terrified expression, greeted him. 
Her dry, brown hair, timid expression and trembling body. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and asked, “What’s the matter with you?” 
She stared at him, with her arms crossed around her own shoulders, as though she was an abused underaged girl. 
With widened eyes, she asked, “What- what were you doing in my room in the middle of the night?” 
She looked guarded and this made Lu Nanze twitch his lips. What did she think he was up to?! 
He felt nothing looking at her body. 
He frowned, but then he heard the butler saying through the phone, “Madam has disappeared? Would you like me to get people to look for her? I’m trying to gather some people now—” 
“There’s no need to,” Lu Nanze answered in a monotonous tone before he hung up. After this, he glanced at her and added with a snort, “Can’t you be a little braver?” 
She bit her lip, continued to stare at him and said, “I- I-” 
She stammered for a long time and eventually fell silent. 
He frowned and turned to leave. In fact, he honestly didn’t want to stay a second longer than he needed to. 
He despised this woman. 
He had even started to wonder why he had picked her for a wife. 
He had entirely forgotten the reason for choosing her at the time, which had exactly been because she was timid and obedient. 
After checking that Lu Nanze had left, she relaxed the hand that was on her shoulder and sighed in silent relief. 
That had been too risky. 
She had heard the man when she had been trying to climb up the window. It was fortunate that the bathroom window was not too far away, otherwise, she would surely have been busted. 
However after entering through the bathroom, all she had to wear was a sleeping gown that was slightly off-the-shoulder. There was a bandage on her shoulder and, if that had been visible, she would have been busted too.
###Chapter 1703: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (13) 
Hence, she had had no option but to act frightened. 
She waited till the man had left and, once she was quite sure he wasn’t going to come back, she dashed to her bedroom and changed into a thicker dress. 
The night’s events had been exhausting and, on top of that, she had lost blood, so Qiao Yiyi fell asleep the moment she got into bed. 
In her sleep, she felt as though she had returned to the past. 
She was on top of a high-rise building in her black bodysuit, looking at the unfamiliar and yet terrifying Liang Liang. 
She narrowed her eyes, feeling thoroughly alone and desolate. 
The night wind whistled around her as her hair floated and danced. Although the mask hid her face, it could not hide the injuries on her body. 
She stared at the man and asked after a moment, “Have you never liked me?” 
Her pitiful voice was lost in the wind. 
Liang Liang stood at a distance and could not hear what she was saying. He only stared at her angrily. 
She was feeling a crushing pain in her heart, it was so painful she could hardly breathe. 
She took a deep breath, and then saw Bai Anan charging at her with the special forces. 
“She’s there! Hurry, hurry up, and capture her!” 
Upon hearing these words, Qiao Yiyi smirked and dashed towards Bai Anan. She locked the woman’s shoulder in one swift movement and raised a dagger to her neck, saying, “If any of you comes a step closer, I will kill her!” ” 
Liang Liang hollered angrily, “Traceless, how can you still be so unrepentant?! Let her go!” 
Let her go. 
Let her go and after that, let them corner her
Qiao Yiyi gave a mocking smile and continued to stare at them. 
At this point, Liang Liang suddenly struck. 
Qiao Yiyi tried to dodge his attack but unexpectedly, Bai Anan suddenly shoved her forcefully. 
Ignoring her own safety, she pushed Qiao Yiyi with great strength. 
Qiao Yiyi lunged at Liang Liang. 
At the same time, Bai Anan shouted, “Brother Liang, be careful!” 
With this cry, she dashed forward. 
Qiao Yiyi was confused by the sudden change and reached out to grab Bai Anan, attempting to hold her hostage again. However unexpectedly, Liang Liang took her wrist and gave her a hard shove. 
Livid, she charged forward, seeing that she only needed to extend her hand to deliver a serious blow to Liang Liang. 
But when the blade of her dagger was on the verge of making contact with the man, she suddenly drew back. 
She hesitated for a fraction of a second and this gave Liang Liang the window of opportunity to turn around, extend a hand for counterbalance and raise his leg to kick her chest mercilessly. 
She widened her eyes in horror and stared at him in disbelief. 
She was lifted off the ground from the impact and flew backwards briefly. 
In that moment, she felt as though she was a falling leaf. Her body moved to the edge of the high-rise building. 
If she fell down, all of her bones would be shattered. 
An odd feeling of immense sorrow and fear pulsated through her, as the pain in her heart consumed her entirely. 
And right there and then… 
Bam. 
Qiao Yiyi fell on the floor. 
She jumped to her feet immediately, taking in big gasps of air, looking straight ahead with a shocked expression. 
She had dreamed about the past again. 
But this time she hadn’t fallen off a tall building, but on the floor from her bed. 
Although the floor was soft, the crushing blow to her heart had been brutal. 
She took a deep breath and realized that it was daybreak. 
As she stood there, feeling a little lost, there was a knock on the there followed by the butler’s voice. “Madam, Police Officer Liang is here. He has asked to see you.”
###Chapter 1704: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (14) 
Qiao Yiyi froze for a second and her heart missed a beat. Why was Liang Liang looking for her
Why was Liang Liang looking for her
She frowned and grew uneasy. 
Could he have discovered her identity? But that was highly unlikely. After all, it was dark at night and he couldn’t have seen her. 
Yet she couldn’t think of a reason why he would come to look for her. Hence, she lowered her head and thought that, since he was there, then she would just make the best out of the situation. If she had no idea, the least she could do was to find out what was going on. 
She calmed herself down at this thought and stood up to follow the butler. 
When she arrived downstairs, she saw Liang Liang sitting on the sofa looking at her. 
Lu Nanze, on the other hand, had perhaps gone to work and was not home. At this point, there were only the two of them in the living room. 
The butler took Qiao Yiyi to the guest and retreated afterwards. 
In any case, his master didn’t care about Madam too much, so the butler himself wouldn’t bother either. 
One of the housekeepers served two cups of tea and went back to the kitchen. 
Qiao Yiyi put on a restrained look and slowly walked up to Liang Liang. She stammered, “Police Officer Liang, how- how can I help you?” 
Liang Liang looked up and stared steadily at Qiao Yiyi with his piercing eyes. He asked, “Does Madam Lu really not know why I’m looking for you?” 
That tone… it was as though he was extremely certain. 
However, Qiao Yiyi knew this man very well. 
If he had evidence, he wouldn’t have come looking for her. Instead, he would have come to handcuff her. 
Hence now, he was just trying to bust her. 
At this thought, she lowered her head and started, “I- I don’t know.” d. ?ｍ
“Well then, I would like to remind you that I’m here because of the matter with Traceless.” 
Traceless
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes flashed as she tightened her fists. 
Because she had straightened her arms, the movement pulled her wound and she felt a wave of pain. 
But she looked at Liang Liang straight in his eyes and shook her head innocently, saying, “I really do not know. Who is Traceless?” 
“Madam Lu, you are good at pretending. While I think it may be possible that other people might not know who Traceless is, how could you not? After all…” 
He rose to his feet suddenly and stared right into her eyes. 
He looked as though he was certain of something. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back. She was prepared, the moment he said those words, she would start to run. 
She even had an escape route already planned in her head. 
But unexpectedly, the next moment, the man said, “After all, you’ve come into contact with her.” 
She sighed silently in relief. 
Had come into contact. That meant that he didn’t know she was Traceless. 
She lowered her head immediately to calm herself down. She raised her head again and seemed to be at a loss. She replied to Liang Liang, “Police Officer Liang, I really don’t know what you’re talking about. Who is Traceless?” 
He stared at the timid woman standing before him. 
He couldn’t say she was really timid. 
Oddly, there was something about her that told him she wasn’t as weak as she looked. 
But he could tell she was intelligent. 
Her eyes were like a rabbit’s, glistening in a way that made people feel sorry for her. 
Liang Liang felt that he had finally met his match. 
After all, Traceless had stolen Lu Nanze’s bracelet—and the only people who had a good reason to hire Traceless to do this were Madam Lu and Shen Liangchual.
###Chapter 1705: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (15) 
He could almost rule out Best Actor Shen, because he had already secretly investigated Best Actor Shen. The man couldn’t have had any contact with Traceless. 
Hence now, the only person who could have had such contact with Traceless and would hire Traceless to steal such a worthless bracelet was Madam Lu. 
Liang Liang looked at her intensely, certain that she was the one who had done it. But unfortunately, he had no evidence and the woman standing before him looked as though she would burst into tears any time. Hence, he really did not know what to say next. 
He simply softened his tone. “Madam Lu, I’m not targeting you. I can guarantee that if you can provide me with information about Traceless, you will remain unharmed. I can also keep it from Lu Nanze, how about that?” 
The moment he said that, Qiao Yiyi looked up, her eyes timid like a rabbit’s as she stared back at him and asked, “Really?” 
Liang Liang: … 
So Qiao Yiyi was terrified because of Lu Nanze
He spoke as though he was abducting an innocent victim, “Really. As long as you tell me the truth, I will keep it from Lu Nanze, ok?” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip at once and then shook her head. 
Liang Liang was taken aback and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
She looked at him and did not say anything. 
He persisted. “Traceless is a frequent offender and has committed many crimes. This person is dangerous. If you have had any sort of contact with her and she knows you, she could very well bring you trouble in the future. I’m telling you, I’ll help you capture her. Then she’ll never try to harass you again!” 
Upon hearing these words, she felt a sharp pain in her heart, as though someone had pierced it brutally with a needle. 
She tightened her fists and lowered her head. 
All this time, in his mind, she had been nothing but a thief. 
A dangerous person. 
Ha! 
This was ironically laughable. 
To think that she had once seen him as a ray of light in her life. She had thought that they would have a happy ending. 
Her expression turned cold at these thoughts. 
Her heart was numb with pain. 
“Madam Lu?” 
Liang Liang’s voice caused her to snap back to the present. 
She looked up, stared at the man and said with certainty, “She is a good person!” 
She might have said that in her defense, she might have said that as an attempt to convince him. 
But the moment she yelled this, she felt compelled to laugh. 
A good person
How could she use those words to describe herself
She was a hated thief, a professional criminal who rendered the police helpless, a thief who walked between the world of light and the shadows. 
She was all that, but she wasn’t a good person. 
From the time she had taken up her first job as a thief, she had ceased to be a good person. 
But now, all of this meant nothing to her. 
Qiao Yiyi hung her head at this thought. 
After a short pause, Liang Liang replied, “Yes, she is a good person. So you have to tell me where she is now, because she’s in danger. It’s true, I’m not trying to alarm you. Please just tell me where she is.” 
Qiao Yiyi lifted her head and looked at him. 
Since he wanted to know, she didn’t mind creating some obstacles for him. 
At this thought, she said after a long pause, “Alright.” 
Liang Liang immediately grabbed her by her shoulders and asked, “Where is she?”
###Chapter 1706: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (16) 
Qiao Yiyi was at a loss for words when she saw how hungry he was for the information. 
Biting her lip, she looked at him and said after a pause, “She’s in Hangzhou.” 
Liang Liang was stunned. “Hangzhou?” 
“That’s right. I met her online. Because I didn’t have much money, I tried to- That bracelet was all that Mr. Lu cared about, he never looked at me in the eye. I just couldn’t take it anymore.” 
Liang Liang looked at her as she lowered her head. His heart softened when he saw how sad she seemed. 
Oddly, the normally cold-hearted man had a thought as he stared at the woman. 
This woman standing before him had such an uncanny resemblance to Traceless. 
Both of them were petite. 
Except that Traceless always held her head up high, making her look perpetually insufferable and haughty. 
Whereas Qiao Yiyi was so weak and timid that one felt compelled to protect her. 
If only… He was merely wondering that if only… 
If only Traceless wasn’t this headstrong, if only she was slightly gentler and a little more compromising towards him, would things have been different
When this thought struck him, he suddenly liked and felt sympathetic for Qiao Yiyi. 
He knew how ruthless a person Lu Nanze was. 
He could almost imagine how difficult and sad things were for Qiao Yiyi. 
He almost reached out to pat her head, but his hand froze in mid-air as he did so. 
He looked at the hand, surprised at his own actions. 
This was what he had used to do to Traceless. 
The moment he caught himself thinking this, he suddenly realized that he was behaving strangely today. He coughed slightly and tried to comfort her, “Don’t be sad. No matter what, people have feelings. Give him some more time and he will realize how good you are.” 
His awkward way of comforting her made her want to laugh out loud. 
Qiao Yiyi could not help but smile derisively. 
People have feelings
She had been with Liang Liang for over a year. ?ne?. oｍ
But what had been the result
It was he who had pushed her into this abyss! Forcing her to leave home, so that she now had to remain under the guise of a timid woman—a replacement spouse for Lu Nanze. 
So his remark couldn’t be more ironic. 
She nodded with an icy smile and said, “Yes, I understand.” 
Liang Liang was about to say something more, he wanted to ask a few more questions about Traceless. But he looked at how clueless Qiao Yiyi seemed and decided not to persist. 
He even said, “Where this matter is concerned, let’s keep it between you and I and no one else. So do not let Lu Nanze know about it.” 
Otherwise, Lu Nanze could very well kill this timid woman. 
He wanted to say this. but decided that it might frighten her too much. Hence, he only threw her a glance before leaving. 
If Traceless were in Hangzhou, then he would need to track her down before Bai Anan did. 
She had already organized a special forces team to search for Traceless and, if the latter ended up in their hands, there was no doubt it would be the end of her. 
Liang Liang narrowed his eyes. 
Traceless had betrayed him, that was a fact. 
But even then he could not let her get hurt. 
If she had to go to jail to atone for her crimes, so be it, but she must not be killed by Bai Anan. 
That was right, he had wanted to help Traceless for this reason only. It could only be for this reason.
###Chapter 1707: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (17) 
After Liang Liang left the house, Qiao Yiyi went back to her room and got back to bed to rest. 
She still felt weak from the blood loss. 
She had to get better within a few days. After all, by the fifth day, she had to steal that 1000-year-old ginseng. 
At this thought, she rested her head on her arms and stared at the ceiling. 
After a while, she finally fell asleep. 
The next time she woke up, it was because she heard a sound downstairs. 
She paused and heard the butler calling outside the door, “Madam? Madam?” 
Qiao Yiyi paused and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
The butler said, “Your father and brother are here, in the living room.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. “Alright, coming.” 
Having no choice, she got out of bed and went downstairs. 
When she went into the living room, she saw her father and Qiao Gang sitting on the sofa. Dad Qiao stood up when he saw Qiao Yiyi and asked her in a low voice, “Mr. Lu is not home, is that right?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. “What’s up?” 
Dad Qiao sighed and said, “We’re still a little short on your brother’s wedding gift to the Li family’s third daughter. So we need your help to get the money.” 
Only a little short? For a 10 million cash gift
Qiao Yiyi asked, “How much do you need?” 
“Emmm, 8 million.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
So that was what he meant by a little short
She lowered her gaze and sighed. “That’s a lot of money.” 
Dad Qiao nodded. “That’s right. That’s what we would get if we sold our house, but we still need a roof over our heads, isn’t it so? So, since you’ve been with Mr. Lu for so long, do you think you can pay the difference for us? I’m sure Mr. Lu gives you a lot of money.” 
Right after saying this, he looked at Qiao Yiyi and saw that her eyes were filled with tears. He was shocked and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Qiao Yiyi sobbed as she said, “Dad, before I got married, you said Mr. Lu was a very special opportunity, a good person. But you have no idea, Mr. Lu hates me. I- I have no money. Mr. Lu has never given me a single cent.” 
After she said this, Qiao Gang sprang to his feet and said, “What nonsense are you saying? As Madam Lu, any piece of jewelry you own would be worth a few million. What’s the difficulty in giving me eight million? So now that you’re married, you don’t care about me?! You just don’t want to give me the money, isn’t that so?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi was utterly speechless. ra. ?ｍ
Firstly, Lu Nanze had never given her any money and that was a fact. Secondly, it was true that she herself had money, but that was her own money, why should she give it to Qiao Gang for his wedding?! 
Were the father and son from the Qiao family stupid or something
She couldn’t help rolling her eyes at Qiao Gang. 
Unfortunately, Qiao Gang caught her doing this and this instantly infuriated him. He jumped to his feet and said, “What was that look? What was that expression just now? Qiao Yiyi, I’m warning you, don’t you dare look down on me just because you’ve married into high society!” 
As he said this, he walked forward. Agitated, he extended his hand and it fell onto Qiao Yiyi’s injured shoulder roughly. 
Since Qiao Gang had done this with great force, her wound tore open. 
A great wave of pain washed over her and she turned pale immediately. 
She tilted her head to look and saw that the bandage on her shoulder had gotten damp. Her shirt was gradually soaked in dark red. 
Her pupils shrank back as she sprang to her feet. 
Right at this time, Lu Nanze’s voice came from the front door, “What do you think you’re doing?!” 
Everyone turned instantaneously to see the man walking in. His gaze fell on Qiao Yiyi’s shoulder.
###Chapter 1708: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (18) 
Oh, damn. 
Qiao Yiyi cursed silently. She quickly looked down, trying to remain expressionless, even though the pain in her shoulder was quite unbearable. 
She stole a quick glance at her own shoulder. Fortunately, she was dressed in red today and, even if the blood were to seep through, it would just look like a patch of a different shade. If one wasn’t paying attention, it would be hard to tell it was a blood stain. 
She clenched her jaw tightly. 
It was summer now and, on top of that, she had only managed to tend to her wound after some delay. Together with Lu Nanze’s unprofessional stitching skills, the pain she was feeling from the gaping wound now was so intense she could not speak. 
She kept her head down and fell silent. 
When Qiao Gang saw Lu Nanze, he immediately withdrew his hand. Smiling sheepishly, he exclaimed, “Mr. Lu, you’re home!” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
He threw the two men a few puzzled glances, but recalled how frightened Qiao Yiyi had seemed when she had found out he had gone into her room. Immediately, he kept his mouth shut. 
Without giving the other men another look, he went upstairs. 
Once he was upstairs, he threw a sidelong glance at the three of them again. He saw that Qiao Yiyi still had her head lowered, but she was pale from the nerves. It was stifling just watching her. 
What sort of wife had he taken for himself?! 
She was as timid as a mouse. 
Oh well, nevermind. It would be better to keep a distance from her from now on. 
– 
At this point, Qiao Yiyi had turned pale from both the blood loss and the pain. She had no idea at all that Lu Nanze had already misunderstood her. 
The only thing on her mind right now was the blood seeping out of the wound, and the possibility of an infection if she didn’t try to close it up quickly. 
And if that led to more complications, then she would be in trouble. 
She bit her lip harshly, feeling the urgency to get rid of the two men standing before her. She was desperate to find a place where she could close her wound in private. 
Seeing that Lu Nanze had walked past without acknowledging them, Qiao Gang looked at Qiao Yiyi and said after a pause, “What’s the matter? Did you two have an argument?” 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head. i?d. c?
Qiao Gang nodded. “That’s right, I don’t think you have the guts to argue with him. The eight million we were just talking about, are you going to lend them to us or not?” 
He spoke like he didn’t care at all. If Qiao Yiyi didn’t agree to give him the money, he was going to be there harassing her all day. 
On the other hand, her wound couldn’t wait any longer. Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. She had to promise them first. In any case, she was not going to give him the money, that was for sure. 
When dealing with dishonest people, one had to be even more dishonest with them. 
Given this, she nodded and looked up. With a frightened expression, she said, “Alright, I’ll- I’ll help think of a solution.” 
Her words also sounded reticent. 
Think of a solution. But she was just the helpless Madam Lu, who was disliked by her husband, so what solution could she give them
However, Qiao Gang and Dad Qiao couldn’t even conceive that this cowardly girl would ever dare to argue back and direct scornful remarks at them. 
Hence, the two of them nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi lifted her head and glanced at the second floor. “Well then, I- I- I won’t invite you for dinner.” 
Upon hearing these words, the men rolled their eyes. 
Did she even have the right to invite someone to dinner in this household?! 
Dad Qiao understood her difficulties and nodded. He wanted to greet Lu Nanze, but the man had gone upstairs and wouldn’t come down. Given this, there was not much else Dad Qiao could do but leave with Qiao Gang. 
After they left, Qiao Yiyi sat in the living room for a short while.
###Chapter 1709: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (19) red. 
She looked as though she had gotten into a problematic situation. Then she frowned, thinking deeply. 
Although Lu Nanze had been upstairs all this time, he had been observing the situation downstairs. 
When he heard Qiao Yiyi telling the men that she would help think of a solution, he had immediately burst out laughing. 
This woman was truly cowardly to the extreme. 
She would even help a parent who behaved like this. Ha, that was just downright stupid and laughable! 
He instructed the butler at once, “Do not give her any money. I’d like to see what sort of solution she comes up with!” 
The butler nodded. He looked at Lu Nanze and seemed as though he wanted to speak, but fell silent again. 
Lu Nanze asked, “What is it?” 
The butler started, “Sir, the Qiao family are our in-laws after all, won’t this make things awkward? Actually, it’s not a bad thing to help the marriage with the Li family happen. At least that would put Madam’s family in a better position and it would make you look better. After all, if her family seems too low, it would be embarrassing for you.” 
When Lu Nanze heard this, he let out a scornful laugh and said, “Why would it embarrass me? A woman like that, what makes her worthy to be my wife?” 
The butler paused and realized what he meant after a moment. “Sir, you meant that in the future—” 
“There is no future for this woman and I. So keep watch, I don’t want to have anything to do with her.” 
The butler nodded and said, “Roger.” 
Lu Nanze gave an icy laugh and lowered his head. 
After a while, the butler returned and informed, “Sir, Madam has gone out.” 
The man raised an eyebrow upon hearing this and replied, “Alright.” 
He didn’t care where she went and what she was doing. 
In any case, a woman like her had nothing to do with him, wasn’t that right
– 
Qiao Yiyi had pretended to be fretting over the eight million and going out to look for a solution. But no one knew that, after leaving the Lu family residence, she had quickly gone to a car park and driven away in her own sports car, spinning around the area. 
She was looking for a spot where she could tend to her wound privately and in peace. 
Liang Liang had warned that she was in danger. Hence, Bai Anan must be getting her people together to deal with her right now. 
It meant she could not go to any public hospital. As for private hospitals, she believed that the police were keeping a lookout as well. 
She recalled that one time she came to Suzhou, Number 2 had suggested buying a villa for her so that she could live more comfortably. However, she had rejected this idea at the time. 
Because buying a villa would attract unwanted attention. So it was better to not own a house. 
But now, she realized that it would have been perfect to have a place to call her own. 
At least, she wouldn’t be so lost to the point that she didn’t know where to go to tend to her wound. 
After all, the things she needed for this job were not things that could be found in a normal room. 
A normal room
Indeed, which ordinary household would have all those things
Only Lu Nanze would. 
Because he also had a criminal background. 
Lu Nanze! 
The villa! 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes lit up suddenly. 
There was no one staying at the villa, that would work well for her. 
Qiao Yiyi turned the car around and sped towards the villa. 
Even if she didn’t have the keys, as an expert thief, she had never had any problems accessing any property. 
Hence, it was without the slightest trace of guilt that she now sat in Lu Nanze’s living room with the man’s medical kit and tools in her hands.
###Chapter 1710: Where On Earth Are You Touching?! (20) 
Qiao Yiyi opened up the first-aid kit and took off her top. She walked to the mirror in the bathroom and took a look at the wound. 
As expected, the wound had started to fester. It was necessary to disinfect and sew it up again. 
She stood in front of the mirror and thought about it again. Eventually, she gritted her teeth and picked up the antiseptic solution. 
Lu Nanze had everything here except anesthesia, hence she had to bear with the pain. 
When the antiseptic came into contact with her wound, the pain was searing and unbearable. She broke out in a cold sweat and turned as pale as a sheet. 
She picked up a towel and bit hard on it, bearing the immense pain as she tore open the wound with a trembling hand. 
She disinfected it, sewed it up and covered it with a medicated ointment. 
After doing all of these things, Qiao Yiyi didn’t have much strength left and felt as though her legs were about to give way. 
She looked at herself in the mirror, her vision darkening and her head spinning. 
She stood up and thought about resting on Lu Nanze’s sofa, however after taking two steps, a dark curtain fell over her. As she passed out, she fell on the carpet beneath her feet. 
She was unconscious for an unknown period of time and, eventually, there was the sound of keys opening the door. The door swung open and Lu Nanze strode in. 
With his head lowered, he walked in and all of a sudden looked at the sofa as he seemingly noticed something. 
The first-aid kit had been moved. 
He frowned and looked around. 
Traceless’ operations had always been perfect. The last time he had observed her, she had covered her tracks immaculately. But today, why had the room been left considerably messy
As this thought came to him, he took a few steps forward. Then he looked down again as though he had realized something. At once, he saw that a half-naked woman had fallen unconscious on the floor. 
The wound on her shoulder had been freshly re-stitched. The stitch line was crooked, as though she had done the stitching herself
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank back at this thought. 
He looked at the unconscious woman with amazement. 
Traceless’ wound had to be managed for sure. He had taken her to the villa precisely because he had a first-aid kit here. 
There were no other places that she could go to in Suzhou, so the only place where she could continue to tend to her wound was his villa. 
Hence the moment he heard that Qiao Yiyi had gone out, he had driven over here. 
He had thought that he could intercept Traceless and help her dress her wound, but he hadn’t thought that she would have done all that by herself. 
It looked like she had also stitched herself. 
The man was stunned. 
He stared at the figure on the floor. It was obvious she had passed out from the blood loss. 
For the first time, he was full of admiration for this woman. 
He took a few steps forward until he was next to her. He bent down to lift the woman with both his arms. 
She was very light. 
But today, he did this more gently than the night before. 
He carried Traceless to the bedroom and lightly placed her on the bed. Then he covered her with a blanket. After this, he stepped back and looked at the woman. 
Who would have thought that a tiny woman with such a frail figure would do something as crazy as stitching herself up?! 
At this thought, he sat down on the sofa in the bedroom and quietly watched the woman on the bed. His gaze fell on the mask on her face. 
He wondered what sort of face that mask was hiding beneath.
###Chapter 1711: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (1) 
As Lu Nanze wondered, the woman on the bed stirred. 
She appeared restless, with anxiety and fear, as though she was having a bad dream. 
“Liang Liang! I hate you!” 
She suddenly cried out. 
When Lu Nanze heard this, he felt an odd pain in his heart. 
He stared at the woman on the bed. 
When awake, Traceless was perpetually aloof and aggressively pushy. 
But the Traceless at this very moment was like a jilted young girl, filled with grief. 
As this thought came to him, Lu Nanze got to his feet. Traceless suddenly extended her hands, flailing them in the air, and cried, “No! Mom! No!” rа. Co
She seemed to be trying to grab something, but catching only the air between her fingers. She became sorrowful at once, sobbing like a child. 
Seeing such a situation, he was compelled to step forward and take her hand. 
Unexpectedly, the next moment, her hand grabbed his instead as she exclaimed, “Mom, Mom, don’t leave me.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Her soft whining easily melted his heart. 
The normally hard-hearted man now stood there, showing no sign of ion as she held his hand. 
Meanwhile, Traceless began to calm down since she finally had found something to hold on to. 
As they held each other’s hand, Lu Nanze realized that her small hand, which was tightly clutching his, although soft as if boneless, had an impressively strong grip. 
Not surprising really, for thieves relied on having a rapid pair of hands. And Traceless’ hands were, surely, all the more valuable. 
As this thought struck him, he found himself looking down to carefully examine her hands. 
Perhaps it had to do with her training. Although her fingers were fine and slender, it was very obvious that her little finger was somewhat unique—it seemed unusually long. 
All her fingers were long and delicately pretty. 
However on the surface, there were some light calluses. This set her distinctly apart from the pampered girls of rich families who had never done any household chores. 
Lu Nanze continued to analyze her. 
Although she had a frail frame, it was well proportioned. 
It probably wasn’t genetics, but rather than the training she had gone through to sharpen her reflexes. Hence naturally, her body must have stopped growing at some point. 
Even among women, Traceless was not tall. She was extremely petite. 
As Lu Nanze contemplated this, Traceless took his hand and put it against her own face. Then, rubbing his hand against her masked face, she murmured, “Mom, your hand, it’s so cold.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Her mask sat firmly against her face. It wasn’t the sort of mask that could be easily removed. 
Lu Nanze thought about removing it so that she could sleep more comfortably. He reached out, but then he remembered what Traceless was like. 
If he were her, then he would probably hate to have anyone see what she looked like. 
On this note, the man—who had never been considerate with others in his life—actually stopped in mid-air. 
Following this, he heard Traceless saying, “Mom, I want to listen to a lullaby.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
As a man, how could he know the sort of lullaby that her mother would sing to her
After saying this, Traceless restlessly curled her fingers. In her dream, she was obedient and innocent. It was hard to turn down her request.
###Chapter 1712: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (2) 
Lu Nanze looked at her and sighed. Then, lightly and awkwardly, he hummed a few bars of a lullaby. 
Initially, he had thought that Traceless was asleep, but unexpectedly Traceless sighed and said, “Mom, your singing is getting from bad to worse.” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
He turned pale with anger and tried to shake her hand off. But when he moved, she tightened her grip on his hand. 
It wasn’t as though Lu Nanze wasn’t able to shake her off forcefully. 
But he saw the freshly re-stitched wound and knew that if he were to shake her off with force, it could tear her wound open again. 
He could only stand there and ignore her. 
After a while, he realized that Traceless kept talking in her dream. He could not hear most of what she said. He knitted his brow. 
After a moment of contemplation, he suddenly extended his hand as though he had realized something. He placed his hand on her forehead. 
It was burning. He finally realized that Traceless was running a fever. 
Indeed, her wound was festering. How could she not run a fever
But what should he do now
He frowned and got to his feet. Then he gently moved her hand away. He went downstairs and opened a drawer. After taking some antiseptic solution and an anti-inflammatory, he went upstairs again. 
When he took medicine, he never needed water, he would just gulp his pills. Then he realized that Traceless was a girl, so he turned around and poured out a glass of water. With this, he went back upstairs with the medicine. 
When he entered the room, he saw Traceless on the floor, both arms flailing in the air. She didn’t seem to notice the pain, even when her hand hit the bedside table. 
She was crying, “Mom, Mom.” 
His pupils shrank back at once. 
It was in their weakest moment that a person would expose their greatest fear. 
She kept calling out for her mother. What could have happened in the past
Almost everyone in the underground world knew that Liang Liang and Traceless had almost become a couple. 
Eventually, they broke up, but apart from the two people involved, no one really knew the details. 
But honestly… 
A professional thief and a police officer in a relationship had to take a lot of guts. 
But even then, Liang Liang should have never given up on her. 
He had left her in this plight now, without anyone to rely on. 
Besides, Liang Liang’s relentless pursuit of the professional thief now had caused him to be much despised. e?. ｏ
The people of the underground world valued relationships. 
Since they had been together once upon a time, why couldn’t he just let her go
After all, although Traceless was a thief, she had never done anything evil or violent. 
Lu Nanze frowned as this thought crossed his mind. 
Then he heard Traceless giving a loud cry, “Liang Liang, I hate you!” 
Those words seemed to carry all her emotions in them. 
She must hate him to the extreme, to be shouting like that. 
Unconsciously, Lu Nanze felt her pain. 
He quickly placed the water and medicine down and rushed over to her. He grabbed her arm and said, “Stop it now. Go back to sleep.” 
The moment she grabbed him, she calmed down. 
He lifted her from the floor and put her back in bed. As he did so, he saw that her masked face was already wet with tears. 
He sighed lightly and, for a moment, was compelled to remove her mask to dry her tears. 
But once more, his hand froze in mid-air. 
He narrowed his eyes. Since the girl had come wearing the mask, then her intention of hiding her face was obvious. It would be ungentlemanly of him to remove her mask then.
###Chapter 1713: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (3) 
After he had put Traceless back in bed, Lu Nanze picked up the medicine and tried giving it to her. 
However, the girl clenched her jaws tightly and refused to take it. 
Finally, the man had a taste of her stubbornness. 
He sighed. 
Then he reached out to touch her forehead. 
It was still burning. If the temperature did not come down any time soon, it was going to be a big problem. 
The best way to reduce her temperature now was to put her on a drip, however, the current situation did not allow it at all. 
He thought for a bit. Gritting his teeth, he put the medicine and the water into his own mouth. Following this, he lowered his head and kissed Traceless’ lips. 
Although the girl struggled against it like before, he forced the liquid in. 
Once the liquid and medicine were forced into her mouth, he let her go. 
However, the next thing Traceless did was spit out the medicine in her mouth. 
Lu Nanze had put all his effort to give her the medicine, so he wasn’t going to let it go to waste. 
Hence he lowered his head again and bit her lips. 
With great force, he introduced the liquid into her mouth again. 
After some time, she finally stopped struggling and downed the liquid in a gulp. 
The man finally relaxed. 
He realized he was perspiring from the struggle. 
Sighing, he was about to move away from the girl when he suddenly felt something slippery skimming over his lips. 
His mind went blank, as great surprise overtook him. 
That gentle, slippery movement triggered something. It was like a mysterious fire being lit, now burning within him. 
He squinted his eyes and responded by deepening his kiss. Then he heard Traceless say, “Niu Niu, go away.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He snapped back to his senses upon hearing those words. 
Who was Niu Niu
Was she kissing him because she thought he was Niu Niu, whoever that was
The man raised his head at once. 
This Traceless, she was simply… 
He snorted icily and picked up the cup. Then he turned and walked out. 
It seemed he wouldn’t be able to go home today. 
She was running such a high fever that if he didn’t watch over her, she could end up calling the police to come get her and then all of them would be in trouble. 
But… her luscious red lips flashed through his mind again. 
He was feeling a little parched, so he hurriedly took a glass, poured himself some water and drank it all down in a big gulp. 
He went back upstairs after that. 
He passed by the bedroom and looked in on his way to the guest room, where he was intending rest. 
Traceless was unexpectedly flailing her arms about again, crying loudly, “Mom, Mom!” 
Did she miss her mother that much
Lu Nanze frowned. The only thing he could do was go to her and hold her hand. 
The moment Traceless grabbed his hand, she calmed down. 
Lu Nanze: … 
He did a little experiment and found that when he stepped away, she would go into a state of extreme unrest; but as long as he held her hand, she would stay calm. 
Eventually, having no other choice, he lay down beside her. 
Holding her hand and leaning back, his nostrils were filled with the slightly metallic stench of blood coming from Traceless. But even though this was the case, his eyes gradually fell shut. 
After some time… 
Traceless threw her blanket away in a sudden movement and sprang up to sit on the bed. 
Her vision turned from blurry to alert and cautious in a snap. 
Then she turned towards Lu Nanze, looking at him with a shocked expression.
###Chapter 1714: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (4) 
She was most astonished to see Lu Nanze lying next to her with his eyes closed. 
The first thing she did was to reach out to touch her own face. 
The touch was cold. Obviously, it came from the mask, and obviously, Lu Nanze had made no attempts to remove it from her. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed in relief immediately. 
She took a deep breath and then heard Lu Nanze ask calmy, “You’re awake?” 
Her pupils shrank back immediately and she clutched her chest as she asked, “What did you do to me?” 
Lu Nanze looked at her dramatic amusement, sweeping his gaze up and down her body, and said in an indifferent manner, “I did what needed to be done.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
What did he mean by that
The bastard! 
She frowned and stared at the man with her flashing eyes. Through gritted teeth she demanded, “I want details!” 
The a**hole, if he had done anything to her, she was going to make him pay. 
Lu Nanze was somewhat astonished by her reaction and said, “Shouldn’t you know what I did or did not do to you?” 
Qiao Yiyi was stumped. 
The man was even more surprised now. “You haven’t slept with Liang Liang?” 
Otherwise, how could she not tell from her body’s response whether he had done anything to her last night
Her face turned scarlet immediately and her expression darkened. 
She almost shouted furiously, “Who’d sleep with that idiot?! We hadn’t even kissed!” 
Lu Nanze: … 
The man looked at Traceless and was amazed. Had their romantic affair only gotten that far
Liang Liang didn’t look like the sort of man who would toe the line, how could it be possible that he had behaved so well with Qiao Yiyi
Very quickly, Lu Nanze dismissed those questions from his mind and stared at the bristling woman before him. He coughed slightly and said, “It’s really not as serious as you think.” 
“So how serious is it?” 
He said in his sleek and wicked tone, “It was only a kiss, and then after that we fell asleep.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She raised her hand and pressed her fingers on her lips, blushing at once. It was unfortunate that her face was mostly covered by the mask and Lu Nanze could not see it. 
She pointed at the man angrily. 
That had been her first kiss. Her first kiss! 
And it was gone just like that
The bastard. The bastard! 
At this thought, she narrowed her eyes and suddenly lunged at him. 
Clearly, Lu Nanze had not expected such a move from her, so he reflexively raised his arms in surprise to shield himself. 
The next moment, he felt something press hard against his crotch. 
As he looked at Traceless with astonishment, she said through her gritted teeth, “Lu Nanze! I’m warning you, what did you do to me? Another word of nonsense from you I will ensure you don’t have future generations!” 
At this distance, her hot breath brushed against his face as she spoke. 
It was the middle of the night, nevertheless, and the lighting was soft and suggestive. 
But the eyes that were staring at him were glistening like stars, they were so mesmerising he couldn’t look away. 
His expression darkened at once and he replied in a hoarse voice, “I did nothing, but if you continue looking at me like this, I can’t guarantee what I’ll do next.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She turned beet red in the dark and hissed at him. 
Why had she never realized before that Lu Nanze was such a shameless man?
###Chapter 1715: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (5) 
Qiao Yiyi stared at him angrily and the man caved under that look. “Alright, I’m just teasing you. You were running a high fever yesterday and I couldn’t take you to the hospital to get treated, so I had to feed you an anti-inflammatory. But you wouldn’t open your mouth. I didn’t have a choice but to use the traditional mouth-to-mouth method.” 
The moment Qiao Yiyi heard these words an image filled her mind. 
That of Lu Nanze taking the medicine, puckering his lips, closing in on her… 
She shook her head, as if trying to shake this horrific idea to the back of her mind. 
Then she continued staring at Lu Nanze and asked, “Was that all?” 
“And then—” 
“You mean there’s more?!” 
She exclaimed in shock. 
The man coughed slightly and said, “Uh huh, and then something else happened.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
“You’d better tell me what’s next.” 
“Then you grabbed my hand and asked your mother to sing you a lullaby.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
“And finally?” 
“And finally, every time I tried to leave, you’d shake your arms wildly. You shouldn’t be moving like that with the wound you have, so I had to stay.” 
On this note, the man sighed and said, “Unfortunately, being a good person doesn’t pay off. Someone doesn’t appreciate it! And to think you threatened me with my manhood…” 
Qiao Yiyi realized that she had misunderstood Lu Nanze. 
But that was because he had just been asking for it. 
She bit her lip and removed her knee from his crotch. “If you had spoken nicely from the start, we would have never had to come to this, don’t you agree
“But I have been speaking nicely!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She snorted and straightened her posture. Although it was clear that Lu Nanze was just trying to take care of her, the flush in her face wouldn’t go away. 
As she took a deep breath, the man suddenly asked, “Who is Niu Niu?” 
“Our family pet dog, what’s the matter?” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
So she had kissed him in the middle of the night and then told him to go away because he had been mistaken for a dog
His expression darkened at once. 
Unfortunately, Qiao Yiyi was still looking at him in confusion. “What’s the matter? How do you know about Niu Niu?” 
But she immediately realized something. “Did I mention Niu Niu in my dream?” 
A strange expression appeared on his face. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him, puzzled, and asked, “What did I say wrong? Why this look?” 
The man cleared his throat and replied, “You said you loved Niu Niu the most and wanted to spend your life with him. I thought Niu Niu was your boyfriend.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
With a mocking look, he continued, “So it’s just a dog! Don’t you have a rather unusual taste?” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
He continued his nagging, “Men are a dime a dozen, so I do encourage you to get yourself a boyfriend, even if that might be a challenge for someone like your, and enjoy a worthwhile romance. I do believe that there will be a man who will fancy you, no matter how unlikely that may seem. Just forget about falling in love with a dog.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
She had actually said that
This was all due to her tendency to speak nonsense whenever she had a fever! That was something that she had never been able to change. 
She gritted her teeth and glared at the man. Finally, looking troubled, she asked, “What else did I say?” 
“Oh, lots of uniquely interesting stuff of course.”
###Chapter 1716: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (6) 
Immediately, Qiao Yiyi asked nervously, “What else did I say?” 
Lu Nanze chortled icily and taunted her, “Why should I tell you?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
The man continued, “But it was quite an eye-opener.” 
The girl was even more curious now and persisted, “What exactly did I say?” 
“You really want to know?” 
“Uh huh.” 
“Steal something else for me.” 
She immediately lowered her head and said, “You’d better not tell me then.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze was amused when he noticed how she was trying hard to look calm and collected. He smiled to himself. 
Nodding, he said, “Fine, I won’t bring it up then.” 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath and got to her feet. She had to go. After all, if she didn’t return home tonight, Lu Nanze might find out about it tomorrow. 
But the moment she stood up, her vision darkened and she almost lost her balance. Quickly, she reached out for the chair nearby to stand steady. 
The man said hesitantly, “You’ve lost a lot of blood. I’d suggest you stay home and rest for a few days.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him stubbornly and replied, “I appreciate Mr. Lu’s good intentions, but I do have to go. I wouldn’t want to get you into trouble.” 
Lu Nanze retorted indignantly, “What sort of trouble do you think I’d be afraid of?” 
His arrogance and confidence stunned her. 
She looked at him. 
From what she understood of this man, he was actually a cold-hearted and merciless person, but why was he so concerned about her
At once, she was compelled to ask, “Why are you being so kind?” 
That question seemed to embarrass him, as he coughed slightly and replied, “I’m just worried that you will fail to steal the 1000-year-old ginseng.” 
Qiao Yiyi was relieved to hear this. Indeed, besides this reason, there were no others she could think of. 
What had she just been thinking? As if Lu Nanze would really care about her. That would be the day the sun rose from the West! 
She smirked at that thought and shook her head firmly. “It’s ok, really. There’s somewhere I can go to.” 
Somewhere, but she didn’t use the word home. 
It showed that she didn’t really have a place to call home in Suzhou. 
He was going to say something, until he thought again about how proud and lofty a person Traceless was. She probably was being this stubborn because she didn’t want to be thought poorly of. Hence, he decided to give her an out. 
He nodded and took out a key. Placing it on the table, he said, “This is the key to this villa. If you need to change your bandages, you are welcome to use this place, I’m normally not around.” 
After saying this, he thought about how she had passed out while tending to her own wound. He pointed at the telephone on the side and said in a concerned tone, “There’s a phone there, you can reach me at my current home. If you need to change your dressing, feel free to call me.” 
He realized that Traceless had still not picked up the key. Hence, he raised an eyebrow questioningly. “Huh?” 
Unable to contain her amusement, she laughed. 
When she did, he suddenly realized that she had a dimple on each corner of her lip and it was very pretty. It made one happy to just look at them. 
Then the girl said, “Mr. Lu, there are actually no doors in this world that I cannot get past. So really, I don’t need this key.”
###Chapter 1717: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (7) 
The moment she said this, Lu Nanze realized what a foolish thing he had done. 
Giving Traceless a key was indeed quite a useless gesture. 
When this thought struck him, he also started laughing. He didn’t speak further and just put the card key back into his pocket. “That indeed is the case. I have just embarrassed myself.” 
Traceless said with a wave of her hand, “I’m fine now. Goodbye.” 
On this note, she strode to the door. 
Right now, it was already past 4 a.m. and the sky was brightening. 
She showed no desire to stay even a little longer, which made Lu Nanze suddenly feel the vastness and emptiness of the villa. i?r. m
He was suddenly interested in Traceless, and even more curious about her relationship with Liang Liang. 
He wondered what had happened between them. 
He frowned at this thought. 
Then he got to his feet and strode out. 
– 
After Qiao Yiyi left the villa and got back to her sports car, she changed out of her black bodysuit and into a checkered dress that made her look exceptionally countrified. Then she drove back to the Lu family villa. 
She had not been back all night and wondered if they had been desperately looking for her. 
She stayed outside the building and felt troubled for a moment, wondering how it was best to enter the house. 
When she had gone out last night, she had left boldly and openly. If she were to return stealthily, it would be difficult to justify this to the security officers at the gate. 
Hence, she had to think of a good reason for not having come home last night. 
As she contemplated the situation, the headlights of an approaching car shone before her. 
She shielded her eyes and, as she turned her head, realized it was Lu Nanze coming home. 
She was standing outside the gate now, with her arm raised. Hence upon turning the corner, he saw the girl right before him. 
His pupils shrank back as he thought, “Qiao Yiyi?” 
Why was she only back now
This was only a momentary thought and, as quickly as that thought came, it left. 
He didn’t really care about her, so why would he care where she had been last night
He drove past Qiao Yiyi, right up to the main gate. 
Automatically sensing and recognizing his car, the gate opened. Then the man drove straight in, as though he had not seen the girl. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She was a live human being standing there, had the man not seen her? Was he blind or something
But even though she thought this, she still quickly sneaked in and slipped back into the household while the gate was wide open. 
When she walked into the living room, Lu Nanze was sitting on the sofa reading the magazine that had just come from the post. 
There was already a housekeeper preparing breakfast in the kitchen. 
Qiao Yiyi coughed and strode to her bedroom upstairs. However, only after she had walked a few steps, Lu Nanze asked, “Where did you go last night?” 
Her footsteps halted, as if suspended in midair. 
She turned around. Lu Nanze did not look up from the magazine he was reading. He could not be bothered to lift his head to even give her a quick glance. 
Unfortunately, even if no one noticed her, she still had to act timid and weak. She lowered her head and stammered, “I- I- I forgot to bring my keys. I—” 
“The lock has a digital facial recognition system.” Lu Nanze finally looked up and gave the girl a glance. Then he looked down again and said, “Nevermind. Get a key from the butler. In any case, you won’t be staying long, even if we do include you in the lock system.”
###Chapter 1718: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (8) 
Qiao Yiyi quietly acknowledged what the man had said and turned around to continue her way back upstairs. . 
A regular person couldn’t have heard his last remark but, unfortunately, she was Traceless. 
Her hearing was exceptionally sharp and she could even do basic lip reading. Hence, she caught every single word Lu Nanze had just said. 
In any case, you won’t be staying long. 
The idiot, did he think she wouldd stay if she had a choice
Clearly, she was a tiger, a predator. But unfortunately, she had to put up with being in a zoo and having people treat her as though she was a domesticated pet now. She was sick of it and had been for some time. If Lu Nanze returned to her the freedom she so yearned for, she would be extremely grateful. 
Qiao Yiyi went upstairs and cleaned her wound. Then she found a relatively thick dress that would cover her shoulder and put it on. 
It was summer and the weather was hot, so her conservative choice of clothing made her a rather uncomfortable sight. 
Hence, when Qiao Yiyi went back downstairs and Lu Nanze noticed this, he was compelled to ask, “You don’t feel hot?” 
She quickly said, “No no, no, it’s not hot at all!” 
She said it emphatically, trying to convince him that she was indeed not feeling hot. 
Even if beads of perspiration had formed on her forehead. 
Lu Nanze: … 
The man twitched his mouth. 
The girl had seemed normal for the past couple days and had been hardly noticeable. It had been easy to overlook her presence automatically. 
But today she was suddenly dressed in this ridiculous outfit. Was it because she was scared of him entering her room
It was so ironic it was funny. With her pathetic body did she really think he would be interested in her?! 
Lu Nanze laughed icily to himself. 
After he had breakfast with Qiao Yiyi, he got ready to leave the house. 
Just as he walked to the front door, the butler entered and announced, “Madam, your brother is here.” 
Brother
Qiao Gang
She froze for a moment and then timidly looked at Lu Nanze. 
The man didn’t even react, he behaved as though he had not heard anything. He simply walked, got into his car and drove away. It looked like he was going to work. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
The gemstone that she had stolen in her last assignment was still in Lu Nanze’s car. She pinched herself for not having retrieved it at his villa last night. 
She had stolen the , but didn’t have it with her and couldn’t bring it to the new owner. It was a real pain in the rear! 
As she was contemplating returning to the villa one more time tonight, she saw Qiao Gang approaching her. He glanced at her momentarily and broke into a huge grin. “Sister!” 
How oddly affectionate. 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips. She didn’t feel like talking to him at all. 
Unfortunately, Qiao Gang was all smiles today. He dashed up to her and said, “Sister, did you manage to get my eight million dollars
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Of course. Only money could make Qiao Gang look this gleeful. 
She turned and glanced at Lu Nanze, who was on his way out now. 
Surely, he must have heard what Qiao Gang had said. It was obvious he didn’t care at all, so she would have to sort this out by herself. 
But would a weak and timid woman like her be able to do anything
With a quick turn of her mind, she hung her head. She sobbed and said, “But- but I don’t have that much money.” 
Immediately, Qiao Gang replied, “You don’t, but Mr. Lu does. Have you mentioned this to Mr. Lu? What did he say? How much money has he prepared for his brother-in-law?”
###Chapter 1719: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (9) 
What a shameless question to ask! 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless as she stared at Qiao Gang. 
Just outside the door, Lu Nanze continued to act as though he could not hear this conversation. He got into his car and drove away to work.. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Did this mean that Lu Nanze was showing he really didn’t care
She twitched her lips and immediately lowered her head, so as to hide the mockery in her eyes. 
With her head lowered, she said in a weak voice, “He- he did not say anything.” 
Qiao Gang knitted his brow as he stared at Qiao Yiyi. “Couldn’t you have asked, even if he didn’t say anything? Don’t you know how to? Don’t you even know how to cry?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked up at once, her eyes filled to the brim with tears as though she was on the verge of breaking down. re?. o
Qiao Gang extended his hand and said, “Hang on, I’m asking you to cry in front of Lu Nanze, not in front of me!” 
“But I really have no money,” she continued. 
And even if she did, she wasn’t going to give it to this bastard. 
Qiao Gang frowned and asked, “You really have no money?” 
“I really don’t have any.” 
“Well then, how much money do you have saved in your bank account? When you got married, our family did give you a dowry of a million. Where is that money now?” 
A million. Oh, that sounded like a lot of money. 
To an ordinary person, this was indeed so, but to them, it really wasn’t much at all. 
Still, Qiao Gang was so cheap that he even wanted her dowry!
That was just a new low as to how shameless Qiao Gang was. 
But did he think she was going to just give him what had been given to her
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and replied, “Doesn’t Mr. Lu have the dowry already?” 
She pushed the responsibility back to Lu Nanze again. In any case, the pathetic Qiao family would never dare to approach him to ask for the money. 
Indeed, Qiao Gang did not dare to say anything more. He only looked at Qiao Yiyi and said, “That is your dowry, how could you give it to Mr. Lu? You should have given it to me to safeguard it.” 
Oh, did he really think she was a stupid three-year-old kid
How could he even say such a thing
Qiao Yiyi did not reply and only twitched her lips. Then Qiao Gang continued, “Let’s go, we’ll go and look for Mr. Lu now and ask for your dowry back. I need the money urgently!” 
After saying that, he extended his hand and forcefully yanked Qiao Yiyi behind him as he walked to the door. 
The wound on her shoulder was once again stretched and it hurt, slightly torn. 
She frowned as she glared at the young man. 
Yesterday, it had been he who had exerted force on her wound. 
Today, again, he was using force on her. 
Did he really think she was a weakling
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back. She lowered her head and extended her leg to trip him. 
Bam! 
He fell heavily on his face. It was a sorry sight. 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her mouth wickedly before putting her frightened and timid expression back on. She retreated and exclaimed, “Are you ok?” 
Qiao Gang turned his head around angrily and demanded, “Did you just trip me?!” 
The girl put on an innocent expression. 
He got up and took a step forward to grab her by her dress collar. “Qiao Yiyi, I’m warning you, don’t you for a moment think that you’re invincible just because you’ve married Mr. Lu and now belong in high society! You dare to play dirty little tricks on me? I’m warning you, I will beat you till all your teeth fall out.” 
“Who is going to beat someone up till all her teeth fall out?!” On this note, Liang Liang’s voice sounded from just beyond the front door.
###Chapter 1720: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (10) 
Qiao Yiyi froze the moment she heard Liang Liang’s voice. The taunting expression in her eyes became cold and distant. 
She lowered her head and watched Liang Liang striding into the Lu family villa from the corner of her eye. 
He was frowning deeply as he stared at the two people in the living room and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Turning to Qiao Gang, he asked, “Who are you, behaving so atrociously in the Lu family residence? I won’t hesitate to take you to the police station and shut you in it for a few days!” 
That remark frightened Qiao Gang and he immediately recoiled in fear. He looked at Liang Liang, who was in his police uniform, and quickly explained, “I’m Qiao Yiyi’s younger brother, I’m her brother! I- I’m here to visit her! I’m not behaving atrociously.” 
Liang Liang sneered and said, “You didn’t behave atrociously? So I misheard you? You weren’t the one who said you were going to beat someone up till all her teeth fell out?” 
Qiao Gang replied, “We’re siblings, we were just fooling around.” 
Liang Liang smirked and said, “This is the first I’ve heard people fooling around like this Do you think I’m stupid?” 
Qiao Gang was going to speak again when Liang Liang interrupted, “Why? Aren’t you leaving? Or are you waiting to get taken to the police station for a few days?” 
Upon hearing these words, Qiao Gang looked as though he had realized something. He quickly looked at Qiao Yiyi and pointed a finger at her, saying, “Sister, just you wait, I’ll come back to look for you.” e?. 
He turned around and left. 
After watching the young man almost wet his pants and run away in fear, Qiao Yiyi turned to look at Liang Liang. 
She knew the man considerably well. 
He had never liked interfering into other people’s business, especially other people’s family affairs. And when it came to matters that didn’t involve him, he would refrain from commenting all the more. 
The fact that he had opened his mouth to help her was extremely puzzling. 
Had this man changed somehow
Or… 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her gaze and smiled icily. 
Or perhaps she had never really understood him. 
For the sake of capturing her, he had pretended to fall in love with her. What would be the bottomline for someone who could do something like that
She lowered her head at this thought. Liang Liang asked her, “Are you hurt?” 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head. She didn’t feel like talking to him. 
He continued, “Was that really your brother?” 
She nodded. 
“Your family is really- you’re quite pitiful.” 
She kept silent. 
He continued talking to himself, “But a person like that, you shouldn’t give him any leeway. No matter what, you’re now Madam Lu, so you have to behave like Madam Lu. You only need to hold your head up high and let Lu Nanze give you the support you need. Who wouldn’t you be able to deal with then?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Since when had Liang Liang become like a naggy aunty
She looked back at the man with a blank expression, as though she was at a loss. 
He choked back his words upon seeing her expression, realizing that he had probably said too much. 
It was odd that every time he saw Madam Lu, her petite frame would inevitably remind him of Traceless—he could not stop himself from being concerned for her. Especially just now, when he had seen her getting harrassed. He had gotten so angry that he had intervened in someone else’s affair. 
What was wrong with him
He asked himself this question silently and frowned as he tried to suppress the strange emotions he was experiencing. Then he sighed and said, “I’m here to look for Lu Nanze. Is he home?”
###Chapter 1721: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (11) 
She finally opened her mouth and spoke, “He’s just left.” 
Just left
Liang Liang threw Qiao Yiyi a look. 
If Lu Nanze had just left, why hadn’t he kicked Qiao Gang out before leaving? Why had he left Qiao Yiyi to handle the man?” 
Could it be that Lu Nanze did not even care about Qiao Yiyi
For some reason, Liang Liang suddenly felt desolate on behalf of this woman. 
He nodded and said, “Alright then, I’ll go to his office to look for him.” 
On that note, he turned away. 
He got in the police car and headed straight to Lu Nanze’s office. He went to the front desk and enquired, “What is Lu Nanze doing?” 
The staff were quite used to seeing Liang Liang around. 
After all, the two men were good friends. 
Hence, the receptionist did not stop him. She said, “He’s just arrived, so he’s probably washing his hands. But he does have a meeting in half an hour.” 
Half an hour. That was enough. 
Liang Liang nodded and dashed into the office. 
He pushed open the door and walked in. As he did so, he heard the sound of running water in the bathroom. Following the sound, he walked over and saw that, indeed, the man was washing his hands. Obviously, he had just arrived. 
Lu Nanze was slightly surprised to see the man. 
The scene of Traceless shouting, “Liang Liang, I hate you!” suddenly flashed past his mind. 
What could have caused her to be this furious? Why did she hate him that much
What sort of scar had this man left in Traceless’ life
Suddenly, a sense of unease grew within Lu Nanze as these questions surfaced in his mind. 
His tone was rather cold as he asked Liang Liang, “What brings you here?” 
Liang Liang casually took a seat on the sofa and said, “Where do you think Traceless has gone?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze did not answer. He dried his hands silently and sat behind his desk. 
Liang Liang frowned as he continued, “Someone said she was in Hangzhou, but I looked there and there wasn’t a sign of her. Besides, she did in fact appear in Suzhou the other day. Bai Anan even wounded her. I wonder how her injury is doing now? Being all alone, do you think she has a place to heal and rest?” 
The man went on and on, to the point that Lu Nanze got slightly flighty and impetuous. 
What had it got to do with him whether she had somewhere to tend to her injury?! 
He had completely forgotten that Traceless was Liang Liang’s ex-girlfriend. 
He had only focused on the fact that Traceless had a fever and seemed frightened. And he couldn’t help feeling angry about it. 
Lu Nanze looked up and said with icy sarcasm, “Why? You didn’t seem so concerned about her when you two were dating. And now you’re worried about your ex? Haven’t you thought about who put her in this position?” 
Liang Liang fell silent after those harsh words and looked up. “I—” 
“I? I what? Let me ask you, did you really like her?” 
Liang Liang frowned and nodded. “Yes, I was sincere, but she—” 
“What about her? At least, right up to now, she doesn’t have a boyfriend, but you have a fiancée! Liang Liang, don’t blame me for not being on your side, but you are really not good enough for Traceless.” 
Liang Liang: … 
The man turned icy and immediately retorted, “How do you know she doesn’t have a boyfriend?” 
After all, it had been half a year since they had broken up. 
In the last half a year, he had really had no idea of how Traceless had been. 
If she had a boyfriend, would she still have saved her first kiss
Of course, Lu Nanze couldn’t say these things aloud.
###Chapter 1722: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (12) 
But that slip of his tongue in a moment of anger slightly confused Liang Liang, although he did deserve it. 
He was silent for a moment and then said, “Well, I have my own sources.” 
Liang Liang’s eyes lit up at once. He said, “I came looking for you to try my luck, actually. Have you got news about where Traceless may be
Yes, in his house. 
But as he observed how anxious Liang Liang was, Lu Nanze simply did not want to tell the man the truth. He only lowered his gaze and said with indifference, “Maybe she’s dead?” 
Liang Liang was shocked by that idea. “What?!” 
Lu Nanze smirked and added, “After all, she was seriously injured. In this hot weather and incapable of going to a hospital, it’s just a matter of time before the wound gets infected. Death wouldn’t be a surprise.” 
Liang Liang froze on the spot. 
He thought that Lu Nanze was saying this because of some news he had gotten, hence he took it for real. 
Traceless was dead
That woman. That woman, who he found deplorable yet unable to let go of, dead
How could that be so
He suddenly thought of that night, when Traceless was being surrounded. The smile she had given was so full of sarcasm and mockery. 
Indeed. 
She would rather die than to put up with any sort of embarrassment and insult. 
Liang Liang felt as though his heart had shattered, there was a growing pain in his chest. 
Ashen-faced now, he sat on the sofa, fully consumed by the pain and sorrow he felt. 
When Lu Nanze saw him suffering like this, he silently said, “Serves you right!” 
A woman like Traceless deserved someone steadier and stronger to love her. 
And it wouldn’t be Liang Liang! 
This man wasn’t firm and steady enough. 
At this thought, Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and said, “I have to go to a meeting.” 
– 
When Lu Nanze returned from the meeting, he saw that Liang Liang was still around. 
His eyes were bloodshot, obviously he had been crying. 
But would crying bring the dead back to life
Actually, if it hadn’t been for him, Traceless could very well have been dead by now. 
Even if she would have managed to escape the Li family compound, in the heat of summer, she wouldn’t have been able to treat her wound at a hospital because Bai Anan would have been watching closely. 
And if her wound had been left unattended, it would have gotten infected and that would have been deadly. This could have been the only possible ending. 
Hence, giving Liang Liang the worst case scenario did not make Lu Nanze feel the slightest bit of guilt. 
Furthermore, Traceless was really a hundred times more pitiful than Liang Liang. 
She had even had to stitch her own wound with a fever. 
Stitching without anesthesia, how painful was that
What was Liang Liang’s heartache compared to all of this
This thought put him at an even greater ease for what he had done. 
He walked over and sat behind his desk, saying, “If you wish to express your sorrow over this, do it at home, don’t put on a sad face in my office. You’re not welcome here.” 
Liang Liang sat slumped against the sofa like a half-dead man. He lamented, “I didn’t think it would turn out like this, I never intended to harm her.” 
Lu Nanze couldn’t tolerate this talk any further and sprang to his feet. He said, “That’s right, you never intended to harm her, but your actions did exactly that! So why would your intentions matter?!” 
Liang Liang refused to believe him. 
Lu Nanze continued as he pointed to the doorway with a sneer, “Also, Police Officer Liang, this is not the place for you to pour your heart out. If you need to pour out your heart, go see a psychologist. I have to get on with my work now, thank you very much.” 
Liang Liang: … 
Lu Nanze was exceptionally stern today. 
The thing was that, when Traceless had betrayed him, Lu Nanze had boldly and confidently egged on him. “It’s just a woman isn’t it?! There’s plenty of fish in the water.” 
So why had he suddenly turned so hostile now?
###Chapter 1723: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (13) 
Liang Liang was a little stunned as he stood up and left, following Lu Nanze’s request. As he was on his way out, he suddenly turned, looked at the other man and said, “Oh, there’s something I have to tell you.” 
Lu Nanze raised an eyebrow. 
Liang Liang continued, “Your wife is actually quite pitiful too. Since you’ve married her, then you should take responsibility. It’s not good to neglect her. I suggest that you—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Lu Nanze interrupted the man with a sneer, “Are you done? You should really get out now!” 
Liang Liang: … 
He had no choice but to leave. 
After Liang Liang had left, Lu Nanze went to the reception and asked, “Since when are people allowed to come into my office without an appointment
The receptionist was stunned. 
Then the man instructed, “In future, this police officer needs to make an appointment first!” 
She was quite shocked. 
Hadn’t that mon come and gone as he pleased in the past
Why did he need to make an appointment now
Had the two men fought
The receptionist coughed slightly and nodded. 
Lu Nanze was thus placated and returned to his office. 
It was only after he had calmed down somewhat that he suddenly came to his senses. 
What was wrong with him
It seemed that when it came to Traceless, he was unable to control his own emotions. 
He unconsciously massaged his forehead and sighed. Suddenly, he felt an emotion deep inside that left a sour aftertaste. 
It felt like… jealousy. 
Jealousy?! 
He wanted to laugh at the thought of this. 
Why was he jealous? Who was he jealous about?! 
Lu Nanze shook his head and cast his gaze down. But all he could see in the document he was looking at was a face. 
A face that wore a silver mask! 
Those luscious red lips were so tempting they could kill. He immediately narrowed his eyes. 
He looked up instantly and shook his head. 
He must be possessed by the devil. 
To think that he was having a vision of Traceless. 
But he wondered what Traceless was doing at this moment. 
Where was she?! 
Based on what had happened last night, her wound had obviously torn open. Could it be that something had happened during the day
She hadn’t spent the night at his house either. Now that it was daytime, where was she
Could she have made another trip to the villa
As these questions ran through his mind, he found himself losing focus. 
He frowned and, after a moment, took a deep breath. Trying hard to suppress the impulsiveness he felt, he started working. 
But that day Lu Nanze was obviously feeling a sense of urgency as he read through his documents. It was as if he couldn’t wait to go somewhere right after work. 
By 5 p.m., Lu Nanze had actually finished his work for the day and could go home if he wished. 
He got to his feet and headed out. 
The secretary asked. “Mr. Lu, you’re not working late tonight?” 
The man replied, “No, I’m just going home.” 
Secretary: … 
The workaholic Mr. Lu was actually not working late. It was a miracle! 
– 
Lu Nanze drove along the streets. 
Traffic wasn’t too congested, but he drove slowly. 
He frowned. Oddly, he felt a void in his heart, as though he was missing something. 
He picked up his cell phone and glanced at it. There were no missed calls or unread messages. 
He had given his cell phone number to Traceless the other day, but she had not contacted him even once.
###Chapter 1724: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (14) 
Lu Nanze put away his cell phone and frowned unconsciously. 
Could it be that something bad had really happened to her? Jinxed because of what he had said to Liang Liang
But there weren’t any news of Traceless being caught by the police. 
Or could it be that she had gone to his villa to change her bandages and had passed out again
The scene of Traceless on the floor unconscious when he entered the villa yesterday flashed through his mind and he could not bear it any longer. 
He made a turn and drove to the villa instead. 
Yes, he just didn’t want her to get hurt since she had not completed the task of stealing the 1000-year-old ginseng. 
Hence, no harm must come to her now. 
That was all there was to it. 
After thinking this through, Lu Nanze felt a lot better. 
But when he arrived at the villa and opened the front door, a sense of great disappointment washed over him when he saw there was no one around. 
Traceless had not come here
So where could she be
The man frowned as he walked over to the sofa and sat down. 
– 
Where was Traceless
Of course, she was catching up on sleep in her own room. 
She had to eat and rest well so that her body could heal within the shortest time possible. Even if she wasn’t going to be able to heal completely, she had to get herself back to 80 percent at least. Otherwise, how was she going to steal the ginseng from the Xu family?! 
However… 
When night time came and she had a look at her shoulder, she found that the wound had become infected again. 
It was necessary to change the dressing, but it didn’t seem right to do it at home. 
She thought for a moment and finally decided to return to Lu Nanze’s villa. 
Hence, when nighttime came, she quietly sneaked out through the window. Driving her own sports car, she pulled up at Lu Nanze’s other villa. 
However, when she broke in through the window, she noticed something black on the sofa. What in the world was that?! 
Traceless had a fright, but the next moment she heard Lu Nanze’s voice saying, “You’re finally here.” 
Traceless: … 
Traceless was immediately relieved at this point. She strode into the living room. 
At the same time, the man on the sofa stood up and, with a slight movement, flicked the light switch on. 
Light flooded the room at once. Traceless looked at him and asked, “Why are you here?!” 
Immediately after this, she was curious. 
Logically speaking, if someone else had appeared in the villa and sat there in the dark without switching the lights on, she would have never tried to break in under such circumstances. 
But the moment she had heard his voice, she had actually entered the house right away without a second thought. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately chided herself and felt disgusted. Had she lost her basic instincts after suffering an injury
But now, when she saw that everything in the house was in order and it didn’t look like the police were waiting to ambush her, she sighed in relief. Then she walked over to the sofa on the side and sat down. 
Lu Nanze approached her and frowned as he looked at her to ask, “Has your wound opened again?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and replied, “I guess my stitching didn’t pass the test. The wound’s a little itchy, so I’ve come to change the dressing.” n?ed.＆nbsp;
The man nodded. 
She repeated her question that Lu Nanze had failed to answer, “Why are you here?” 
He replied in an indifferent tone, “Came to pick up something and caught you just in time.” 
Traceless: … 
She didn’t give his answer another thought and nodded as she got up to get the first aid kit. “Well since you’re here, help me with dressing the wound then.” 
On this note, she proceeded to take off her top.
###Chapter 1725: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (15) 
Lu Nanze: …! 
He stared at Traceless’ naked shoulder in front of him. 
Perhaps because she was always hidden in the darkness of the night, her skin glowed in its paleness. He gulped helplessly at the sensual curves of her shoulders and collarbone. 
He took another look. She had unreservedly taken off her top to reveal her exquisite body. 
As the man looked at her, he felt his ears burn. He quickly looked away. 
Coughing slightly, he reached for a towel on the side and draped it over her shoulder. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She turned and looked at Lu Nanze with a puzzled expression. 
What was this guy up to
The first time he had dressed her wound, hadn’t he insisted that she bore with it for he had not done this before and wasn’t quite sure how to do it
So why had he covered her again this time
As she pondered this, Lu Nanze started to explain, “I didn’t know how to do it, but now I do. You don’t have to put up with it now.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t think too much about it and grunted an acknowledgement. 
The first time she had felt slightly embarrassed but this was the third time, it didn’t matter anymore. 
In any case, when she had passed out the other day, apart from her face, the man had probably seen every other part of her body. 
The girl, however, did not realize the odd expression on the man’s face as she sat there, quietly allowing him to dress her wound. 
Lu Nanze stared at the unpleasant wound, suddenly at a loss as to how he should proceed. 
Clearly, this hadn’t been a problem two days ago, when he had been able to unblinkingly cut open her wound with a pair of tweezers, and then dug into it to retrieve the bullet lodged inside. But now, as he looked at the wound, he couldn’t help thinking and wondering why he had never studied first-aid treatments. 
The wound, how it was cut and the stitching, was simply too horrific to look at. 
Traceless’ body was clean and flawless, but this wound would leave a scar. 
At this thought, he consciously became gentler in his actions. 
When he had finally cleaned up the wound and applied a fresh layer of medicine, he took out a gauze and dressed the injury. 
Once this was done, he realized how tired his hand was. 
Qiao Yiyi had also turned quite pale. 
It was such a large gaping wound that it would almost be impossible to expect a scab after five days. 
She wasn’t quite sure if she would be able to successfully complete her assignment in five days. 
She was slightly anxious, hence she completely did not realize the changes in Lu Nanze’s emotions. 
After she had put her clothes back on, she looked at the man and said, “If I can’t do it in five days, then we might have to delay it two days. You can see for yourself the state my body is in. I may not be able to recover in five days. Seven days would be a safer bet.” 
Lu Nanze nodded upon hearing this. 
Her cold and casual remark—”You can see for yourself the state my body is in”—oddly echoed in his mind and he couldn’t stop his ears from blushing. 
“Mr. Lu, are you feeling sick today?” 
Lu Nanze replied, “No, not at all!” 
Traceless pointed out, “Then why do your ears look so flushed?” 
Exasperated, the man replied, “I’m tired from dressing your wound!” 
Traceless: … 
She had no idea what that sudden outburst was about, but she smiled awkwardly as she gathered her belongings. “Well then Mr. Lu, if there’s nothing else, I’ll be on my way now.” 
On this note, she once again jumped out of the window without even looking back once. 
He stared at her disappearing figue and contemplated her heroic boldness and bravery. Suddenly, his heart ached. 
Almost unaware of his own actions, the man dashed to the window. Traceless’ figure was about to disappear into the darkness. 
He immediately shouted out, “Traceless! I have something to tell you!”
###Chapter 1726: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (16) 
Qiao Yiyi halted, turned around at once and looked at Lu Nanze with a puzzled expression. 
Her eyes were clear and glistening, full of sincerity and openness. Lu Nanze’s throat was dry, so the words that he had intended to say finally became, “Don’t get caught before you complete your assignment.” 
Qiao Yiyi gave a scornful laugh and replied, “Do you think I can get captured so easily?” 
Then she turned back and continued walking into the dark night. 
As she did so, she suddenly raised an arm and waved at him without turning around. 
Her disappearing silhouette carried a sense of uninhibited freedom and unruliness. The man found it wildly attractive and couldn’t help himself from breaking into a broad smile. 
– 
After Traceless had left, Lu Nanze got into his car and drove home. 
When he entered the house, he saw Qiao Yiyi sitting there. 
He narrowed his eyes and kept silent as he removed his jacket and hung it up. Then he loosened his tie, washed his hands and poured himself a glass of water. He took a sip and walked to the sofa with the intention of resting for a bit. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw him enter the house, she had stood up and timidly walked around him to head upstairs. 
She had actually just gotten into the house herself and hadn’t had the time to go upstairs before the man had returned. So instead, she pretended that she had been spending time downstairs. Now she only wanted to shake off Lu Nanze, go back upstairs and examine the Xu family’s house map. 
However, while things were fine as she approached the man, the moment she walked past him, a large hand suddenly grabbed her shoulder. He exclaimed, “Hang on!” 
Qiao Yiyi halted upon hearing his deep resonant voice and commanding tone. She turned to look at him. 
The man had a frown on his face as he looked at her, asking, “Why is there the smell of blood on you?” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Smell of blood
Oh no. 
The infection and medication of her wound smelled, that was to be expected. 
But would Lu Nanze suspect there was something fishy going on because of this
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes as her mind worked quickly to figure out an answer. 
Lu Nanze continued his interrogation, “Are you injured somewhere?” 
He had his hand on her shoulder that wasn’t injured but, as he said this, he looked at her injured shoulder. 
For the oddest reason, he extended his hand towards it. 
Qiao Yiyi quickly retreated and Lu Nanze’s hand froze in mid-air. 
Narrowing his eyes, he demanded, “Tell me! What’s the matter?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked up with a quick snap of her head and flushed as she started stammering. The man grew impatient and took a step forward, threatening to find out for himself. Then she burst out, “I- I- It’s that time of the month.” 
That time of the month
The man had to pause to think for a while before he figured out what she meant. Then he frowned at once. 
So it was that. 
But could that give off such a strong smell
That was… incredibly too disgusting. 
At this thought, the man impatiently waved her off. “All right then, go back upstairs.” 
At once, she nodded and turned around with her head down in shame. She quickly ran upstairs. 
Once back in her own room, Qiao Yiyi sighed in relief. Her legs gave way and she dropped on the sofa. 
Fortunately, she had this excuse as a girl. 
Otherwise, she would have never been able to escape Lu Nanze today.
###Chapter 1727: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (17) 
Qiao Yiyi returned to her room and sat on the sofa. She sighed. 
For some reason, she was exceptionally irritable today. 
She stared at the computer and found herself unable to focus. 
At this point, a message appeared: 
[Number Two: Traceless, did you get the merchandise?] 
Merchandise
Qiao Yiyi realized at once that he was referring to that gemstone, the one she had stolen from the Li family. 
She sprang to her feet. Now she remembered. That gemstone was still in Lu Nanze’s car. 
And that car was in the Lu family’s villa. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and sighed deeply. 
She must be going nuts. She had been going to the Lu family’s second villa repeatedly, why hadn’t she just taken the gemstone on the way
She quickly typed out a reply: 
[Yiyi: I’ll give it to you tomorrow.] 
Then she shut down her computer with a snap and quickly walked out of the room. 
It seemed that Lu Nanze had received a call and had disappeared. 
Qiao Yiyi made it look like she had gone to bed. She switched off the lights and quickly slipped out through the window. 
She had already been to the Lu family’s second villa thrice and, by now, she could almost drive with her eyes shut. 
Within half an hour, she was at the Lu family’s villa once again. 
She parked her car by the side of the building and, as a precaution, put on her mask and her black bodysuit. Then she climbed the wall and entered the villa grounds. 
Once in, she made a beeline for the garage. 
She had taken approximately two steps when she heard a loud click. 
She jumped at once and turned around. She saw that the lights in the living room had been switched on. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
She had a fright but recalled immediately what Lu Nanze had told her—that only he would come to the villa. No one else came to this place. She also recalled that Lu Nanze had just left home. Did that mean that he had come here too?! 
Qiao Yiyi felt uneasy instantly. Seeing him twice a day was horrible. 
She had to reduce contact with this man, otherwise she would easily be at risk of him discovering that she was Qiao Yiyi. 
At this thought, the girl started to dash to the parking lot without any further delay. 
Lu Nanze had many cars. Basically, there was at least one car in each of his properties so that it would be immediately ready for his use. The car that had been used to drive them over the other time had not been taken since, so it was still in the garage. 
She dashed over and opened the car door. Squeezing herself into the back and feeling around on the car floor, she finally found the gemstone. 
She took it and, with a sense of great relief, slipped it into her pocket. Then she strode away , intending to leave the villa. 
But at this point, she felt something, a fluid, seeping out of her body. 
She froze and looked down. Then she bent over reflexively and breathed in. 
Oh, no! 
A moment ago, when Lu Nanze had been interrogating her, she had used her period as an excuse. Now her period had arrived. 
Her period! 
All she felt upset and eternally sorrowful. 
Why
Because ever since it had begun, her period had come abnormally. 
Every time it came, the flow would be very heavy. 
And she could just imagine what was going to happen the moment she started walking. 
But what was she going to do now?
###Chapter 1728: Chapter 1728, She Is Actually Rather Adorable (18) 
Qiao Yiyi froze on the spot, feeling quite ill. 
Why did it have to be today? Really, one couldn’t say things casually. 
She sighed deeply, turned around again and looked at the villa. 
Of course, there wouldn’t be menstrual pads in the house, but… perhaps there were some other types of pads around
She gritted her teeth and hesitated for a moment. Finally, she walked to the house taking light and small steps. 
She didn’t try to scale any walls, but opened the front door and walked right in. 
She thought that the man would be in the living room, but unexpectedly, it was empty. 
She dashed into the bathroom on the first floor. 
Indeed. A river of blood. 
She stroked her forehead with exasperation. 
Hadn’t she just lost a large amount of blood from her injury? Why was there still so much blood in her?! 
She sighed. After sorting things out, she stood up. She was about to wash herself when she heard Lu Nanze’s voice just outside the bathroom. “Uh huh, I know. I’ll drop by after a shower.” 
As he said this, he entered the bathroom. 
Qiao Yiyi quickly pushed her pants up, she wasn’t too worried. She thought that the man would probably get a fright when he saw her, and a scared look on his face was a thought that amused her. 
But who would have thought. 
When the bathroom’s door was opened… oh, what greeted her! 
She saw Lu Nanze in all his naked glory, standing at the doorway, with his firm muscles in a light golden tan glistening under the light. He had a nicely proportioned body and even two-pack abdominals. 
Her gaze moved down and she saw that he was holding the cell phone. He was in the middle of a call and, when he saw Qiao Yiyi, he got a fright too. 
But after shrinking his pupils and stiffening of his posture, he managed to suppress his astonishment. 
However, Qiao Yiyi’s gaze kept moving downwards, below his firm abdominals, and she shrieked immediately, “Arrrrggghhhhhh!” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
The girl turned her head abruptly to the side as she raised both hands to cover her eyes. 
It was an assault to her sight. 
The pervert! 
Lu Nanze was taken aback by Traceless’ reaction. 
He stared at her in astonishment and, at the same time, snapped back to his senses when she started shrieking. 
But he wasn’t someone who panicked easily. Hence, even when the situation was somewhat distressing, he quickly stepped into the bathroom, ended his call and put the cell phone aside. Then hurriedly picked up the bath towel on the side and wrapped it around his waist. 
Qiao Yiyi was not calm at all. 
As a thief, she had been in all sorts of situations, but… seeing a fully naked man in front of her was a first. 
Her eyes almost started to hurt. 
She was simple on the verge of… a breakdown! 
But her tears wouldn’t come. 
After she was done shrieking, the man said in an indifferent tone, “What’s all that shrieking about?” 
Qiao Yiyi retorted, “You pervert, why aren’t you wearing anything? You—” 
The man replied, “I’m about to take a shower, how am I going to do that with my clothes on?” 
Qiao Yiyi was dumbfounded. 
She had no comeback. 
“Besides, there’s usually no one in the villa and my main door was tightly locked with no trace of anyone having entered. So I think it’s normal that I strip before taking a shower?” 
On this note, the man paused. His tone sounded teasing as he said, “So why do you act so surprised?”
###Chapter 1729: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (19) 
Still in shock, Qiao Yiyi hadn’t recovered yet. She realized that what the man said made sense and felt like an ignorant fool. 
She couldn’t help despising herself at this thought. 
What had she seen of the world really?! 
She immediately lowered her head and snorted silently as she walked out… 
…forgetting to flush the toilet. 
Hence before she had gone far, the man suddenly grabbed her arm. 
She turned around in surprise and saw anxiety on his face. “Has your wound torn apart again? Why is there so much blood?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She grimaced. Really, she didn’t feel like speaking a word. 
As she found herself in a conundrum, Lu Nanze quickly removed her collar and said, “Let me have a look.” 
Then he swept his gaze over her shoulder. 
But as he looked, he realized that the dressing that he had made earlier in the day was in place and nothing seemed to be torn. 
Then what was all that blood in the toilet
He gave Qiao Yiyi a confused look and asked, “Where else are you injured?” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Was this man in his right mind
Back in the other villa, as Madam Lu, Qiao Yiyi had told him she was on her period. The man hadn’t even reacted. But now, where was this big reaction coming from?! 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and coughed lightly. 
The man started to feel her up all over. Unable to take this much longer, she said, “I’m fine!” 
“Fine? If you’re fine, then why all this blood?!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She replied through a clenched jaw, “I’m having my period!” 
“…” 
It was as though a silence had come over the world. 
Lu Nanze finally shut his mouth. 
She threw a glance at him. For some reason, especially now that she was noticing a look of slight embarrassment on his face, she said to him, “Oh, I need to borrow something.” 
Lu Nanze raised an eyebrow. “What?” 
She replied, “Menstrual pads.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
The girl smiled to herself. Finally. A confused look on this man’s face. 
There wasn’t even a piece of women’s clothes in this house, how could there be a menstrual pads
She twitched her lips again and started walking away, saying, “Since there aren’t any—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Lu Nanze started walking away with his head lowered. He told her, “Wait for me here.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stumped. 
She saw him run upstairs. 
Within a minute, he came back down. 
He was dressed neatly. 
Without another word, he walked out of the house. 
She heard the car engine starting up and then the car driving away, leaving the villa far behind. 
The girl was still standing on the same spot in a daze. 
What was going on
Had something happened to the man suddenly
But he had asked her to wait. So she did not leave, she sat down on the sofa. 
In any case, she was starting to feel the ripples of pain in her abdomen and it caused her extreme discomfort. She just needed to sit down, lean against something and withstand her menstrual cramps. 
Qiao Yiyi had been sitting there for about half an hour when suddenly the sound of a car engine approaching sounded. Then the engine stopped and she heard Lu Nanze’s footsteps as he strode into the house. 
Puzzled, she suddenly noticed that the man was carrying a big bag in his hand. 
It was a big black plastic bag, so she had no idea what was in it.
###Chapter 1730: She Is Actually Rather Adorable (20) 
Lu Nanze walked up to her and held out the bag to her, saying, “I forgot to ask you for the brand you normally use, so I bought one of everything. Pick the one you like.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
She took the bag from him with a look of surprise and peeked in. It was filled with all sorts of menstrual pads. 
She was utterly stunned. 
She looked up at him with an expression of disbelief. He coughed slightly and said, “And there is some underwear in there as well. I don’t know your size, so I’ve bought one of every size.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She was starting to feel that the person standing in front of her was a fake Lu Nanze. Otherwise, how could he have even done such a thing?! 
She grimaced and lowered her head, feeling completely confused. She looked into the bag for a long time before she looked up at him again, as though she had just realized something. She said, “Thank you.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He fell silent and the silence between them grew awkward. 
Lu Nanze had no idea why he had acted so crazily, as though he had lost his mind. Now that he thought about it, he realized that he was behaving no differently from an infatuated young teenager. 
So what if there weren’t menstrual pads at home
There were many ways to solve the problem. 
Why had he chosen the silliest way out
At this thought, the man frowned and coughed slightly. He said as he looked at Qiao Yiyi, “Ermn, I thought that if I treated you better, you’d put more effort into my assignment. After all, it’s a tough assignment.” 
The girl grimaced. She didn’t for a moment buy that reason. 
But still, she did not think that his sudden kindness towards her had anything to do with any romantic intentions. 
Because Lu Nanze already had a woman he deeply loved! 
And her name was Qiao Lian. Even though she was already married, Lu Nanze couldn’t forget her. 
He had even been depressed and drunk recently because of Qiao Lian’s pregnancy and the fact that she had given birth. 
Unable to figure it out, she didn’t think further but took the bag and entered the bathroom. 
She returned after she had changed out of her dirty clothes. 
She looked at the man and again said, “Thank you! If there’s nothing else, I’ll be on my way.” 
As she walked towards the door, Lu Nanze called her, “Hang on.” 
Qiao Yiyi halted. Lu Nanze hurried into the kitchen. Not long after, he returned carrying a glass of sweetened water and said, “Here, drink this before you go.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Something was definitely wrong with Lu Nanze today. 
She really wasn’t used to him being so considerate. 
She grimaced as she took the glass from him and gulped down the drink. 
A wave of warmth spread from her mouth to her stomach. She sighed at the feeling of comfort that swept over her. 
Lu Nanze continued, “If there’s nowhere to go to, you can stay here. I’m just about to leave.” 
She recalled the phone call he had had before all of this. 
He had mentioned that he was going somewhere after a shower. It had seemed urgent. 
But he had not taken his shower nor had he left yet, so now it seemed like the matter wasn’t that urgent after all. 
But to stay here
Impossible.
###Chapter 1731: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (1) 
If she stayed, wouldn’t that mean letting the cat out of the bag at the Lu family’s main villa
At the thought of this, Qiao Yiyi gave her usual answer, “It’s ok, I have somewhere to stay at.” 
Then she walked to the door. 
Lu Nanze: … 
He would have tried to talk her around, but he knew Traceless well enough. She wasn’t one to go back on her word, so if she said she wasn’t staying, she wouldn’t. 
But suddenly recalling something as Traceless neared the doorway, he asked, “Why are you here, by the way?” ?nra. m
With a casual wave of her hand, she said, “To retrieve my merchandise.” 
Since she had the gemstone with her now, it didn’t matter if she told him the truth. 
But as soon as she had said this, the man turned pale. He rushed towards her, but she quickly dashed into the courtyard. 
He panicked wildly. 
Darn! 
Why had he forgotten to tell the girl
The new owner of the item could no longer be trusted. 
When the person had found out that Lu Nanze had been trying to track down Traceless, this person had betrayed the girl. And this new owner must have done likewise, too, when Liang Liang had been trying to track down Traceless. 
Otherwise, how could both Liang Liang and himself have ended up at the Li family residence at the same time
But obviously, Traceless was none the wiser. 
Besides, the day set to hand in the stolen merchandise… Well, that wasn’t going to happen at all now. 
Because the buyer had already given up on the gemstone. 
Hence, all of this was only a ploy by the police. 
He wondered about the roles Bai Anan and Liang Liang had played in this scheme. 
The man became increasingly anxious as he thought about it. 
However, he realized that apart from being anxious, there was little else he could do. 
Because he had no way of contacting Traceless. 
It had always been Traceless who had come looking for him. 
Or it would be more appropriate to say that it had always been Traceless who had come to clean her wound. 
And now, what was he going to do?! 
Lu Nanze panicked. He got into his car and sped off, driving around and trying to see if he could find her to tell her this. 
But unfortunately, there was no sign of the girl. 
Not surprising. 
Traceless was an expert at hiding herself. The moment she was gone, there would be no sign of her left behind. 
The man frowned. After a moment, he gave up. He picked up his cell phone and called the butler. He instructed the man, “I want you to keep a close watch over the Li family and also the buyer that Traceless was working for. I want to be the first to know of anything happening there.” 
“Roger,” said the butler. 
After this call, Lu Nanze picked up the cell phone again, as another thought occurred to him. He returned the call to the person who had called him earlier on. 
The moment the call connected, someone said in a sarcastic tone, “Everyone says that you can’t be moved by beautiful women, but obviously, you’re having some romantic experiences. Who was the girl I overheard you having a shower with over the phone just then? It certainly didn’t sound like Madam Lu!” 
Liang Liang sounded tipsy. Obviously, he had had a few drinks. 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and laughed icily. “You should just mind your own business and look after yourself first! Where are you?” 
Liang Liang sighed and said, “I’m a nobody now, and I’m depressed. And you’re still not here to keep me company!” 
Lu Nanze kept silent. 
Liang Liang continued laughing like a fool. He sounded like he had downed another glass of something, as Lu Nanze heard the sound of gulping. 
Immediately, Liang Liang added, “Lu Nanze, tell me honestly, is Traceless really dead?” 
When Lu Nanze heard this, his eyes narrowed. The image of Traceless leaving after getting the gemstone came back to him. He looked down and said, “That’s right.”
###Chapter 1732: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (2) 
The gemstone’s buyer had betrayed Traceless. 
Hence, this person must have colluded with the police. 
Even though he knew that no matter what he said now, Liang Liang would find out that Traceless wasn’t dead the moment the buyer got the gemstone, he was compelled to lie. 
Because with his affirmation, perhaps Liang Liang would no longer see the need to lure her and track her down. And in turn, this could mean a lucky escape for Traceless. 
Although this possibility was small, he was willing to give it a try for the sake of Traceless’ safety. 
There was an immediate silence the moment Liang Liang heard his answer. Then he burst out laughing. 
He hung his head and sobbed as he said, “Don’t think I’m a loser. Clearly, I hate her, but when I heard about her death, I was beside myself with grief.” 
Lu Nanze felt nothing at all as he listened to the other man. 
Who else could he blame if he couldn’t even protect the woman he loved
Lu Nanze merely let out a sarcastic laugh. 
He said indifferently, “Uh huh, and?” 
“Do you know where she’s buried?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“Maybe she’s still alive?” 
“It’s possible. After all, my sources are not that reliable.” 
Liang Liang’s heart sank upon hearing that sarcastic remark. 
Lu Nanze’s sources had always been faster and more accurate than the police’s. 
There was no reason for the man to lie to him, was there
At this thought, Liang Liang downed another drink and asked, “When are you coming? You said you were coming here to drink with me. Didn’t you say you’d come after your shower? Are you thinking of abandoning our brotherhood for the sake of a woman?” 
Brotherhood
He, Lu Nanze, certainly did not need such a loser as a brother. 
He snorted icily and replied, “Alright, I’ll go now.” 
He hung up. However, instead of driving to the bar, he drove home instead. 
If Liang Liang was feeling sad, then what about Traceless? Wasn’t she feeling sad too
What was the point of feeling sad? Wasn’t he the one who had schemed to capture Traceless in the first place
Feeling sad now that something had happened to Traceless was just shedding crocodile tears! 
A person like Liang Liang, it would serve him right to die from drinking. 
That would save Traceless from all her heartaches. 
The more Lu Nanze thought about this, the angrier the man became. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi got into bed after returning home. The waves of pain in her abdomen were extremely uncomfortable. 
Lying back in bed, she stared at the ceiling with her hands on her stomach. 
The pain was making it impossible for her to sleep. 
Tomorrow was the day that she had to give the gemstone to her client. In this condition, there was no way she could safely deliver the item and then make a getaway. 
She cast her gaze down. As she contemplated her action plan, she heard the sound of an approaching car, which meant that Lu Nanze must be home. 
She focused on the movements downstairs. After a moment, she heard his footsteps going up the stairs. 
Then he entered his bedroom and there was silence afterwards. n?eа. o
She twitched her lips. 
What a strange man he was. 
He would give Traceless a glass of sweetened water, but he wouldn’t do that for his own wife?! 
That was just… 
As she thought about this, she fell asleep. 
In the middle of the night, she was suddenly woken up by a loud knocking on the villa’s main door. 
Bam! Bam! Bam! It woke everyone in the villa up.
###Chapter 1733: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (3) 
Qiao Yiyi sat up in a daze. Then she walked out of her room and looked down. 
As a professional thief, she was especially sensitive to her surroundings. 
The noise didn’t seem to come from the police, who would have surrounded her in silence. Hence, whoever it was was likely not after her. 
As the thought crossed her mind, Liang Liang hollered outside, “Lu Nanze, come out here! You bastard! You said you were accompanying me for a drink, but you stood me up! I waited till now!” 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at her cell phone. It was 2 a.m. 
So when Lu Nanze had mentioned at the villa that he was going out to meet someone, that eventually hadn’t happened?! 
In that case, Liang Liang berating the man wasn’t unreasonable. 
She couldn’t help having the evil thought that, if the two men were to fall out, perhaps she might have something to gain from it
At this point, Lu Nanze’s bedroom door swung open. He made his way out slowly in his nightgown, looking like he had just woken up. He glanced downstairs and instructed the butler, “Take him to the cellar, let him drink as he pleases.” 
After saying this, he turned and went back into his room. 
The people downstairs stood there, stumped, looking at each other. Finally, Liang Liang spoke, “Didn’t you hear that? Take me to the cellar!” 
The man looked like the type who could hold more than a few drinks. Hence, even though he had been drinking at the bar all night, and looked as though he was quite drunk, he was in fact still sober. 
He lifted his head to look upstairs and then shouted, “Lu Nanze, hurry up! Det dressed and accompany me for a drink!” 
After saying that, he turned and staggered towards the cellar. 
Qiao Yiyi stood outside her bedroom, observing the situation. After a while, Lu Nanze emerged all dressed and walked to the cellar as well. 
It looked like Liang Liang was in a bad mood. 
Could he have had a fight with Bai Anan
She couldn’t help thinking scornfully that a person like him would never be happy trying to get along with Bai Anan. 
It was better that they argued now. nαd. om
Suddenly, feeling a little gleeful, she got back into bed, closed her eyes and drifted back to sleep. 
– 
A dreamless night. 
Early next morning, upon waking up, Qiao Yiyi heard a voice outside the door. It was Lu Nanze. “I don’t wish to be disturbed. Let me sleep for a while. Send Liang Liang to the guest room.” 
The butler acknowledged this. 
Then Lu Nanze went to his bedroom and shut the door behind him. 
It sounded like he was going to sleep. 
After a night of drinking and only then going to sleep, it was almost certain that he would be knocked out for the rest of the day. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed in relief. 
Since this was the case, she was free to roam around for a bit. 
Although she was injured, she still needed to move her body and exercise a little. She could rot from being kept up in the house all day. 
Except that, when Qiao Yiyi opened the door, she was surprised to see… Who the hell was this standing right before her door?! 
Liang Liang stood before her, his face flushed from the alcohol and his eyes bloodshot. 
At this point, his eyes were no longer bright and clear. Instead, there was something sentimental behind that look. 
When he saw Qiao Yiyi, tears started to roll down his face as he said, “Sister-in-law, she’s dead.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
What was that
Who was the “she” he was referring to
Bai Anan
Was Bai Anan dead?! 
Otherwise, why would the man be so sad?!
###Chapter 1734: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (4) 
Just as she was thinking, the butler said, “Mr. Liang, the guest room is on that side. Let me take you there to rest.” 
However, Liang Liang pointed at Qiao Yiyi and said, “No, I want Sister-in-law to hear me out, I have many things to say.” 
He sounded aggrieved, those listening didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. 
The butler hesitated and replied, “Mr. Liang, this doesn’t make sense.” 
Before he could finish speaking, the door of Lu Nanze’s room suddenly opened. 
He looked at Liang Liang directly and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
The butler spoke, “Mr. Liang said that he wanted Madam to accompany him.” 
Upon hearing this, Lu Nanze’s gaze suddenly landed on Qiao Yiyi. He raised his eyebrows and asked, “Are you two very close?” 
Close my ass! 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to shake her head immediately, but before she could do that, Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes suddenly and spoke after a while, “Then you should go take care of him and accompany him.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Everyone in the room was shocked again after hearing Lu Nanze’s words. 
His good friend was drunk and teasing his wife, yet he just pushed Qiao Yiyi to him?! 
Qiao Yiyi herself was also stunned. 
What was happening
Lu Nanze looked at her again. “You will accompany him the whole day, make sure he doesn’t leave the house.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
If she wasn’t allowed to leave the house either, how was she going to deliver the merchandise
Qiao Yiyi spoke, “I—” 
“That’s it,” Lu Nanze said, turned around and walked into his own bedroom. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the butler with her eyes widened in shock. “Butler, this- this isn’t right, right?” 
The butler’s face was also really bitter. Of course, he knew that it wasn’t right. What did it mean for Mrs. Lu to accompany Mr. Liang in the guest room for a day
But the butler was able to work around the problem and find a solution. He pointed at the living room and said, “The sofa is very big. Mr. Liang can sleep on the sofa. Madam, you can accompany him as though he’s a guest.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
This was indeed a good solution. This butler was quite creative. 
Since Liang Liang had drunk too much, he would be uncomfortable lying on the sofa… Well, why should she care about that
It was already good enough that she hadn’t put a knife through his heart. 
As Qiao Yiyi thought so, she smirked secretly and nodded. When she proceeded downstairs, she couldn’t resist turning her head to look at Lu Nanze’s bedroom door. 
The bedroom door was still closed and this man’s intentions were so hard to guess. 
—— 
Actually, it wasn’t hard to guess at all. 
Lu Nanze had only one thought: Liang Liang must remain in the Lu family’s house today. 
Since Traceless had to deliver the stolen gem to her customer tonight, as long as Liang Liang wasn’t around, there would be a significantly lesser chance of Bai Anan trying to catch Traceless. 
Thus, Lu Nanze hadn’t slept that night to accompany Liang Liang drinking. Even though he could really tolerate alcohol and didn’t usually get drunk, he was still slightly tipsy. 
He had trouble focusing, yet he only hoped that he could last and stay conscious for a while longer and keep Liang Liang here. 
As for Liang Liang, since he had requested Qiao Yiyi to accompany him, she could just do it. 
Lu Nanze didn’t mind it at all. 
Later on, where he discovered the truth, he regretted it immensely. 
How could he have given such a bastard the chance to be alone with his wife?! 
But at that moment, he lay on the bed, and all he could think of was how to contact Traceless and tell her not to go to the meeting tonight.
###Chapter 1735: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (5) 
At the living room downstairs. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Liang Liang from the sofa with boredom. 
Liang Liang was crying profusely. As a grown man, he might have drunk too much, since he was releasing his emotions with all his might at that moment. 
He was crying as he said, “I really like her! I didn’t want to cause her death, so why did she die?” 
Although he was crying hard, Qiao Yiyi didn’t feel anything at all. 
When the man had behaved coldly in the past, she might have felt sad, but she had realized then that he wasn’t as heartless as she had thought. 
She decided to just treat it as a teary moment and stared at him casually. 
But she was surprised when he then said, “Sister-in-law, tell me, how can Traceless be so heartless?!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Qiao Yiyi, who was drinking milk, almost spit the milk on him. 
The upset man was crying so hard, and he wasn’t crying over Bai Anan, yet over her
But she was still good and alive, this man was so negative. 
Just as she was thinking, Liang Liang lifted his head up and grabbed her hand all of a sudden. He said, “I really really like her. In my whole life, she’s the only woman I’ve liked. But she’s super stubborn and insists on being a thief. What’s so good about being a thief? She’ll never get the chance to stand before everyone in broad daylight. Why is she so stubborn and unwilling to make such a small change for me? I’m a police officer, what can I do?” 
After hearing his words, Qiao Yiyi was shocked and stood rooted to the ground. 
She stared at Liang Liang in disbelief. 
And then she couldn’t help but sneer. 
She had thought all along that Liang Liang had no feelings for her, that he had just been using her, so she hadn’t expected him to say that. 
But why was he calling her stubborn
It was him that hadn’t trusted her, it was him that had never trusted her. 
There had never been truth between them. 
Just as he had said, he was a police officer, and her
She would be a thief forever. 
As she thought so, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help asking, “So you brought your people and tried to kill her?” 
Liang Liang lifted his head up, dazed. “I didn’t. I never- I didn’t want to kill her.” 
“But you did that in the end!” 
Liang Liang was stunned. He laughed bitterly as he lowered his head. “Yes, I was bad luck for her. She was badly injured and there wasn’t any news from her for half a year. I had almost lost hope when I heard about her again. They told me that she was going to the Li family to steal. So I followed this tip… I couldn’t have imagined that she would get injured again. I still caused her… death.” 
Qiao Yiyi felt really uncomfortable hearing him say the word “death.” 
She was living just fine, he was jixing her. 
With this thought, Qiao Yiyi instantly took a deep breath and said, “Who told you that she died? Maybe she’s still alive.” 
“Heh, Sister-in-law, you don’t have to comfort me. It’s Lu Nanze who told me, his sources are usually accurate.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Accurate my ass! 
Besides, Lu Nanze was the one who could know for certain whether Traceless was alive or not. 
What did he mean by telling Liang Liang she had diedre? 
Qiao Yiyi was extremely furious. She stared at Liang Liang, so angry that she was speechless. 
What exactly was Lu Nanze doing? She had thought that he was a good guy. Why was he spreading false news about her?
###Chapter 1736: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (6) 
While Qiao Yiyi got angry, Lu Nanze, who seemed to have slept two hours, walked down the stars. 
He seemed to have drunk quite a lot yesterday night, he reeked really strongly of alcohol. When he approached the sofa, Lu Nanze took a glance at them. 
Liang Liang’s eyes were closed. He had fallen asleep on the sofa. 
Lu Nanze instructed Qiao Yiyi. “Accompany him well.” 
And he left quickly. 
Qiao Yiyi: …! ?α. o
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi was staring at Lu Nanze as though she wanted to kill him. 
She felt as if there was a wild cat in her heart, which had stuck out its claws to scratch her and was causing her anxiety. She couldn’t keep still. 
Accompany Liang Liang
Then how was she going to deliver the item to her client tonight
Qiao Yiyi cursed silently. 
She turned her head. 
What should she do now
If she couldn’t even go out of the house, no plans would work out. 
Furthermore, she was in the living room. All the housekeepers in the house were staring at her. She couldn’t even go to the bathroom for a long time. 
And unluckily, she didn’t have any people to help her in Suzhou. 
It was such a headache. She continued staring at Liang Liang, who was lying on the bed. And just as she was stressing out about what she could do, Liang Liang’s phone rang suddenly. 
Qiao Yiyi was stumped. 
Liang Liang, who seemed to hear the noise, stuck out his hand and picked up his phone. 
He picked up the call and placed the phone by his ear. She didn’t know what the person on the other end of the line had said, but his eyes suddenly widened and he said in shock, “What did you say?” 
The person on the other end said something again. 
Liang Liang instantly lowered his voice. “She’s already dead. Why is she gathering so many people?” 
His voice was too soft and Qiao Yiyi couldn’t hear him at all. 
The person who was on the call with Liang Liang was shocked. “Traceless died? I- I didn’t receive any news! Bai Anan is certain that Traceless didn’t die, that’s why this happened. Besides, Traceless told her client that she’d be delivering the gem today.” 
Liang Liang: … 
Liang Liang felt as if he had fallen into a trap. His confusion disappeared completely and he instantly woke up from all the alcohol he had consumed. 
He widened his eyes and stared at his phone in disbelief. 
After a while, he yelled, “Damn it! This bastard Lu Nanze! I’m coming right away!” 
He hung up the phone and stood up instantly, intending to leave. 
However, the butler took a step forward and stopped him. “Mr. Liang, you can’t leave. You drank so much!” 
“Let go!” 
Liang Liang howled and directly walked out. 
As a trained officer, Liang Liang’s was undoubtedly strong. Or else, he wouldn’t have been able to catch up with Traceless in the past. 
Thus, who in the Lu family would dare to stop him
Furthermore, Lu Nanze hadn’t told his employees that Liang Liang must stay in the Lu family’s house when he had left. 
Liang Liang barged out of the living room and directly drove away. 
One of the housekeepers was somewhat worried. “He drank so much, do you think he will be alright?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked worried on the surface but deep inside, she was really happy. 
Wow! Liang Liang had left. Did that mean she could also leave?! 
As this thought emerged, Qiao Yiyi instantly looked at the butler and said, “Sir, I- I- Mr. Lu asked me to accompany Liang Liang. I- I’ll go out to take a look!” 
After she said this, she lowered her head and ran out as though chasing Liang Liang.
###Chapter 1737: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (7) 
Butler: …! 
Why were things so strange around this household
There was a husband who wanted his wife to accompany another man, and now the wife seemed to be running after this same man. 
This was simply… nonsense. 
But Liang Liang had left. As the thought struck him, he quickly picked up the cell phone and called Lu Nanze. “Mr. Lu, Mr. Liang left in a hurry after receiving a call.” 
Upon hearing this, he snorted and hung up. 
He was now before the doorstep of Qiao Yiyi’s client. 
She was a widow. 
The man that she had been previously married to had once ganged up with Senior Master Li to steal her diamond. Eventually, she had become wealthy, but even then she hadn’t been able to recover the gem. It was only after her awful husband died that she had started trying to regain it. 
Tonight, Traceless had to go there and deliver the item she had been hired to steal. i?d. c?
Lu Nanze sat in the car at a parking lot opposite the house. 
From this place, he could clearly see what was going on in the house. He could also clearly see the undercover police standing around. 
Lu Nanze looked around. There were also a few sniper points. 
It looked like the police were hell bent on capturing Traceless. 
Especially since this place was in the open, it was certainly an easier place to capture someone compared to the Li family’s villa. 
Lu Nanze clenched his fists tightly and silently said, “Traceless, you must not come, you must not show up.” 
And as he was thinking this, he suddenly saw Liang Liang’s car speeding towards the house. 
Because Lu Nanze’s parking spot was in the shadows, Liang Liang did not see him. 
The moment Liang Liang arrived, he immediately grabbed one of the undercover police officers and demanded, “Where’s Bai Anan?!” 
The police officer replied, “She’s giving instructions from the cafeteria in front.” 
Liang Liang nodded and went to the cafe. 
Bai Anan was indeed in the cafe, watching as Liang Liang strode towards her. 
Her eyes narrowed. Then she smiled, stood up and greeted him, “Brother Liang, what brings you here?” 
Liang Liang sneered, “What brings me here? Don’t you know?! Bai Anan, I want to know who has asked you to carry out this mission?!” 
Bai Anan replied with a smile, “Of course, this was arranged by the station.” 
Liang Liang insisted further, “Then why wasn’t I informed?” 
“Isn’t this- After all, you have a history with Traceless, so we didn’t want to cause suspicions.” 
“To avoid causing suspicions? If it is to avoid suspicions, then why was I informed the last time? Does avoiding suspicions depend on the occasion?!” 
Bai Anan was left speechless. 
Liang Liang continued with a frosty laugh, “Let me tell you, Traceless is dead! You are just wasting your efforts!” 
When Bai Anan heard this, she was taken aback. She asked, “Who said that she’s dead?” 
Liang Liang wasn’t going to give Lu Nanze away and said instead, “I heard the news from someone.” 
Bai Anan smiled icily and replied, “You’ve said yourself that this is second-hand news. In any case, everyone’s already in place for tonight’s mission, it’s too late to cancel it!” 
“Also, Brother Liang, you don’t know if Traceless is really dead. Perhaps it’s fake news?” 
Having said this, she pointed at the building in front of them and continued, “If you want to know, it’s very simple. Just hang around here and see if Traceless turns up tonight! If she turns up, it means she’s not dead. If she doesn’t, then it shows that she’s dead.”
###Chapter 1738: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (8) 
Liang Liang paused for a moment upon hearing these words. 
He stared ahead in a conundrum, caught between wanting Traceless to turn up and hoping that she wouldn’t. 
If she came, this would mean she wasn’t dead. But coming here would be putting her life at risk. 
If she didn’t turn up, it would mean that she was dead. 
After all, everyone in the underground world knew that Traceless meant what she said and had never failed to deliver on time. 
Liang Liang stood there in silence. 
Bai Anan clenched her fists tightly as she looked at him, as a feeling of jealousy overcame her. 
Even though he thought she was dead, he still could not forget her. 
Would she never match up to that little thief Traceless in Liang Liang’s heart
Bai Anan had grown up under considerably fortunate circumstances and had never been treated like this by anyone. 
She drew in a deep breath and looked ahead steadily. 
Traceless, you’d better be dead. Otherwise tonight, you will meet your end! 
At this thought, she turned around and waved at a sniper nearby. She gave him a signal. 
If Traceless appeared here, she was to be killed immediately. 
The street was silent. 
The client’s door remained tightly shut. An ominous silence hung over the street, as though awaiting a great happening. 
Lu Nanze sat in the car, quietly hidden in the inconspicuous corner, observing the situation. 
At the same time, he was silently cursing the sc*umbag Liang Liang. 
Had he not seen the sniper points around when he arrived? What was he doing standing around in the cafe?! 
Why hadn’t he ordered the snipers to step down
At this thought, he couldn’t help but despise Liang Liang. Then he turned his attention back to the surroundings. 
If Traceless were to turn up, where would enter
He frowned and thought hard. 
At this point, everyone fell silent and the atmosphere became tense and oppressive. 
After some time, perhaps because it was peak hour and people were getting off work, the street was gradually filled with more pedestrians. e?. o
Many of them were students who had just finished school for the day. There were also office workers who had just finished work.. 
But because this was an upper class district, it wasn’t as crowded. 
At this point, an express delivery vehicle under the company name XX Speedpost approached at a slow speed. 
The driver was wearing a hat. Because it was summer, the hat had a wide brim that covered most of his face. Only his chin and a rough pair of lips could be seen. 
He went to the first two houses and then continued from house to house to deliver the mail. Finally, he arrived at the client’s house. 
The delivery man got out of the vehicle and took out a parcel from the pile he had. Then he walked up to the door and knocked on it. 
He knocked like delivery men were told to do in their training, there was nothing amiss. 
Bai Anan looked at him and made a quick assessment. Then she looked at the house. 
The door of the client’s house swung open and the butler came out. 
“Express delivery for you.” The delivery man handed the express delivery parcel to the butler. 
The butler was puzzled and asked, “Did we order anything?” 
The delivery man smiled and said, “I don’t know. I just deliver packages that people send. Alright, I’ll be on my way, I have to keep working.” 
The butler nodded. 
Then the delivery man went to the next house. 
As before, he spent some time searching through his pile before drawing out a parcel and delivering it to the last house.
###Chapter 1739: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (9) 
The delivery man looked at his vehicle and moved ahead. 
The person was about to leave the compound when, suddenly, a loud and piercing scream rang through the client’s house. 
Bai Anan immediately snapped to attention and sprang to her feet. She spoke into the walkie-talkie, “Hurry up! Go and see what’s happening!!” 
Ever since Traceless had held her hostage, she had not dared to involve herself in the action and just gave instructions from a distance. 
She couldn’t possibly risk her own life to fight Traceless. In case Traceless made her a scapegoat, even in her last moment before death, it wasn’t worth it. 
But right now, Bai Anan was extremely anxious and truly wanted to go and see the situation for herself. 
At this point, one of the team members spoke, “Team Leader Bai, it’s- it’s—” 
“What is it?!” 
“That package, there was a dead rat inside! And- and in its mouth… the gemstone!” 
The gemstone in its mouth. 
This meant that the gemstone had been placed into the rat’s mouth. 
Bai Anan’s pupils shrank back and she turned her head around to look at Liang Liang. He was looking at the delivery man, who was about to leave the compound. ?a. 
His expression was shocked and confused, but there was also happiness and gratitude. 
She was alive. 
But it was also this expression that led Bai Anan to understand… 
That the delivery man was Traceless! 
“Arrest that delivery man! Snipers get ready! Shoot at the delivery man!” Bai Anan shouted immediately. 
Liang Liang snapped to attention upon hearing those instructions. He turned to look at Bai Anan and asked, “What did you say? Snipers?!” 
He lifted his gaze and looked around. 
Indeed, not far from where they were, he saw a hidden sniping point. 
Liang Liang was livid at once and demanded, “Bai Anan, what is this?! Don’t you know this is a residential area! You could hurt a civilian by doing this!” 
Bai Anan smirked and said, “It’s not the civilians you’re worried about, it’s Traceless, isn’t it? Brother Liang, I’m telling you now, even if she has wings, she’s not going to get out of here today!” 
On this note, Bai Anan shoved Liang Liang aside, dashed out and shouted, “Snipers get ready!” 
“No!” 
Liang Liang followed her closely. 
– 
The corners of Qiao Yiyi’s mouth curved into a smile. 
Did they think she was a fool?! 
The other night, even if Lu Nanze was cunning enough to find out she was going to the Li family, how could Bai Anan and Liang Liang have known about it too? It had to be her client who had given it away. 
The client could no longer be trusted. 
But she had to come today because her place in the world of organized crime as Traceless, the professional thief, must remain unshaken. 
She had to maintain her reputation as a professional thief. 
Hence, it was necessary to make the delivery to the client. And she didn’t want to merely deliver the item, she wanted to give the client a big gift. 
The dead rat was a warning to the world of organized crime that she, Traceless, was not an easy pushover. 
Under the watchful eyes of the police, she could come and go without a trace, and even give her client a warning. Thus, if a future client even thought of betraying her, he wouldn’t just get a dead rat. 
Qiao Yiyi quickened her steps at this thought. 
As a sharp person, she soon realized that there was a sniper aiming at her. In a flash, she jumped out of the delivery vehicle and rolled on the ground. After getting on her feet, she ran away like a lightning bolt.
###Chapter 1740: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (10) 
Qiao Yiyi dodged the rain of bullets from the sniper’s rifles. Watching the bullets fly past her, she took cover in the crowd. 
As the police, of course they couldn’t shoot into the crowd, hence Qiao Yiyi was safe for the moment. 
With her head lowered, she moved forward. re? 
Her sports car was parked near the entrance of the compound, it wouldn’t take her long to get to it. Hence, a safe escape was no big deal. 
But just at this point… 
Screech! 
A car came to a screeching halt in front of her, almost crashing into her. 
Qiao Yiyi froze for a moment, wondering if this time the police had managed to react quickly. 
But as the thought crossed her mind, the car door swung open. She turned around, ready to take flight, when someone grabbed her arm. This was followed by a familiar voice that said, “Get in!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She turned around in astonishment and saw Lu Nanze in the driver seat. 
She narrowed her eyes and got into the front passenger seat without a moment of delay. 
The moment she was in the seat, he started the car up and sped away. 
Behind them, the police finally appeared, watching helplessly as they got away. 
– 
Looking at their getaway vehicle, Qiao Yiyi remarked, “An ordinary Volkswagen sedan. Lu Nanze, since when do you have this car?” 
He coughed slightly at this remark and clarified, “It’s not mine.” 
He usually drove his own vehicle over, but he had known that if he took her away in that car, he would get trouble. Hence he had to use someone else’s car. 
She was surprised and asked, “Whose is it then? You have a friend with this type of car?” 
Lu Nanze was stumped for a moment. 
Qiao Yiyi thought for a moment and it dawned on her. “Damn, don’t tell me you stole just any car parked on the street?” 
The man retorted, “What do you mean stole? I’m just borrowing it and will return it once I’m done with it.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi grimaced and couldn’t help teasing him, “Lu Nanze, I didn’t think we were actually in the same profession! And I have to add, you’re quite skillful at it.” 
She spoke triumphantly as she assessed the state of the vehicle. 
As she said this, the car took a sharp and sudden turn ahead. Lu Nanze floored the accelerator on purpose, causing Qiao Yiyi to hit her head against the side. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
He started, “Sorry, slip of my foot.” 
She stared at him and hissed, “Childish!” 
Without another word, the man looked ahead and continued driving. 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and turned to look behind them. 
Because the car had intervened very suddenly and had also left very suddenly and unexpectedly, even though there had been police cars surrounding the area, they had not managed to catch up. 
She exclaimed, “Your driving skills are pretty impressive!” 
He continued to stare ahead and said, “Uh huh. I rescued you.” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
She twitched her lips again. Glaring at him, she opened her mouth. 
She wanted to say that even if you hadn’t saved me, I could have escaped on my own. 
But she decided against it and swallowed those words. 
It would have been too heartless to say something like this to someone who had just rescued her. 
But just as her heart softened, the man spoke, “You owe me two favors now. How are you going to thank me?” 
She was flabbergasted. Immediately, she regretted being soft-hearted.
###Chapter 1741: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (11) 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and turned to look out of the window, refusing to speak another word. 
Lu Nanze threw a sidelong glance at her and found himself smiling. 
He had no idea what her escape plan had been, but when he saw her scornful smile then, he had been dazed. 
The confidence that she had carried herself with told him how certainly unnecessary his aid had been tonight. 
Even though she was injured, escaping from that sort of complex trap was a small matter to her. 
Furthermore… 
She had chosen to turn up knowing that it was a trap. It was a slap to Bai Anan’s face and also a warning to the client, that she could hold her ground in the world of organized crime. 
The woman awoke multiple emotions in him. He felt a subtle urge to take her into his embrace. 
Those emotions came so abruptly that he could not help turning towards her. She was staring back at him with her large eyes, full of caution. “So what is it that you want me to do for you now?!” 
Lu Nanze paused. 
He recalled that the last time he had saved her, he had asked her to steal the 1000-year-old ginseng from the Xu family. And this time, did she think he was going to give her some other task
However, seeing how anxious she seemed, he took the opportunity to tease her. 
He coughed slightly and said, “Ummm, let me think about it.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She almost exploded, “Argh! I, your older sister, could have gotten away without you! What is this? Now you want your older sister to do you a favor?!” . om
Lu Nanze: … 
Your older sister. Who had taught her to speak like that
He narrowed his eyes as he looked ahead. “What’s up with the attitude you have when talking to me?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
What sort of attitude did he expect
To be treated like her client
Qiao Yiyi put on a smile instantly and said, “Well then, esteemed client, may I know what you’d like me to do for you?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He cleared his throat and kept looking ahead as he drove. He said, “Let me take some time to think about it.” 
“Alright then, as long as it doesn’t harm others and doesn’t involve doing something evil, or any sexual favors, I will be able to deliver as you please.” 
After punishing the client, Qiao Yiyi was in a good mood and had started to chatter. 
The man smiled. 
But just as the corners of his lips curved up, Traceless asked, “But you came especially to save me? Why?” 
The man replied, “… I was only passing by.” 
“Uh huh, passing by in an ordinary Volkswagen sedan.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
It seemed that Qiao Yiyi had seen right through the lie. 
He suddenly looked a little embarrassed and coughed slightly once. Then he said, “Ah, I rescued you because if anything were to happen to you, you won’t be able to steal that 1000-year-old ginseng for me.” 
Qiao Yiyi sighed and said, “I thought that the client had feelings for me. Turns out it’s all about work, what a pity.” 
The man was instantly relieved upon hearing this. 
However the moment he relaxed, Qiao Yiyi continued, “But why did you tell Liang Liang I was dead? Also, you’ve spread news about me dying from a heavy injury, after being shot in the shoulder by Bai Anan!” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
Qiao Yiyi sneered, “So would you, the client, like to explain this?” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
How did she even know about this? He had been very careful to do it in secret.
###Chapter 1742: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (12) 
He was indeed the one who had spread the news, but how did Qiao Yiyi know it was him
Could it have been Liang Liang who had told her
That was unlikely. 
Lu Nanze coughed slightly. “Who told you I was the one who spread the news?” 
Qiao Yiyi replied without hesitating, “Liang Liang.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze turned to look at her, his eyes narrowing. “The two of you are in contact?” 
Oddly, he suddenly felt betrayed and abandoned. 
Since when had the two of them started contacting each other
That wasn’t right. 
Liang Liang had himself drunk into a stupor last night, coming straight from his home. It wasn’t possible that they had contacted each other last night. 
At this point, Traceless burst out laughing and said, “How could that be possible?!” i?r.＆nbsp;com
Since it wasn’t Liang Liang who had told her, then there was only one other possibility. 
That would be that she had overheard Liang Liang talking about it. 
How could she have overheard it
Lu Nanze thought about it and realized that all this time, Traceless had not spent the nights at his villa. Could it be that she had been following Liang Liang? That although on the surface she seemed to have left their past behind, she actually still had feelings for him?! 
It was likely. 
It would be easy for the girl to follow someone without the person realizing it. 
The moment this thought occurred to Lu Nanze, he felt most uneasy. 
He frowned and turned gloomy, falling silent. 
When Qiao Yiyi felt his sudden change and coldness, she stopped talking and turned towards him with a puzzled expression. 
He had been smiling just a moment ago and now his expression had darkened, as though someone owed him a fortune. 
But the problem was… what had she done to offend the man
She thought about what she had just said. Clearly, he was the one who had spread the rumors about her death, so what was he getting angry about
Qiao Yiyi twitched her mouth, finding this man scary beyond words. 
He was too temperamental. 
She refused to speak another word and turned to look out of the window. 
After a while, Lu Nanze pulled over by the side of the road and said, “You can get off now.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
What a man! 
Was it really appropriate for him to dump her here?! 
She looked down at her delivery man’s disguise and twitched her lips. “I’ll borrow your car for a moment then.” 
Upon saying those words, she squeezed in the space between the two front seats of the car. Then came a rustling sound. 
Lu Nanze was stunned for a moment. He looked into the rear view mirror and realized that… 
She was changing in his car. 
Changing!!! 
He stared in wide-eyed amazement at her pale skin and the tip of his ears blushed deeply. “You- you could have warned me!” 
Even as he said that, his eyes never left the mirror, as though it held some sort of magnetic power so that he couldn’t look away. 
She lifted her gaze and glanced at him through the mirror, her eyes carrying an expression of complete innocence under her silver mask. “What’s the matter?” 
The man was rendered speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and looked at herself. She quickly changed her clothes and wrapped a mask around her mouth. Then she reached out with a hand and patted Lu Nanze on the shoulder. “Enough already, it’s not like you’ve never seen me naked! Good brother, you treat me like any other man anyway, what’s there to be shy about?” 
Lu Nanze: …!!
###Chapter 1743: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (13) 
Qiao Yiyi opened the car door and stepped out. She cocked her head, waved into the rear view mirror and said, “Goodbye.” 
Then she turned around and retraced the road they had driven on. 
He watched as she boldly stood by the road, hailed a taxi, got into it and left. 
He frowned gloomily. Swinging open the car door, he also stepped out of the vehicle. 
He was quite sure that the police had kept tracked of the car he had driven to rescue Traceless. 
It was possible that the whole city was on the lookout for the vehicle. To stay on the safe side, it was best to abandon the car. 
For this reason, Lu Nanze had kicked Traceless out. He looked around and spotted a regular restaurant. He entered the restaurant and picked up his cell phone to make a call. 
Soon after this, a car pulled up outside. 
Lu Nanze got into the car and it drove away swiftly. 
Now the car that had been used to rescue Traceless was right there, by the roadside. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi got into the taxi, immediately removing her mask to reveal her face underneath. 
The taxi-driver asked, “Where to?” 
Qiao Yiyi gave him an address. It was the place where she had just been rescued. 
Upon arriving, she got out of the taxi and eventually found her sports car. 
But she didn’t get into the car. Instead, she approached a lady on the sidewalk who was selling fruits and asked, “Aunty, what happened here?” 
“Oooh, goodness gracious! Don’t you know? There was a shooting. Apparently, they were trying to catch a thief. That thief was impressive, disguised as a delivery man, and she delivered… a- a dead rat to that family there.” 
Qiao Yiyi got interested and probed, “And what happened after that?” 
“After that? The mistress of the household was so shocked she almost pissed her pants. Now she wants to sell the house and leave the country.” 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and thought, “Serves you right!” 
Although her profession wasn’t legal, every job had its rules. 
The client had broken the rules and had to be punished. 
Now that she had made her point, the world of organized crime would know that Traceless was not one to fool with. 
Qiao Yiyi stood to her feet at this point, ready to leave. The lady continued, “Oh, Miss, if you are interested, I can tell you about that professional thief.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
The lady held up an apple to Qiao Yiyi and said, “Here, it’s free. I’ll talk as you eat.” 
After such a tough day, Qiao Yiyi was indeed thirsty. Hence she nodded and took a big bite of the apple. The lady said, “I’m telling you, they were two great partners in crime! The girl came and she did the delivery, while her husband was waiting outside. This couple—” 
Before the woman could finish, Qiao Yiyi raised her hand when she heard the sentence “great partners in crime.” 
“Pffft!” She threw up the apple and started to laugh uncontrollably. 
The woman was puzzled and asked, “Miss, what are you laughing about? Let me tell you, I heard that this criminal couple gets along exceptionally well.” 
Qiao Yiyi could not stop laughing. Partners in crime! 
Lu Nanze had now become the male thief
If this got to Lu Nanze’s ear, surely it would drive him crazy.
###Chapter 1744: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (14) 
In the meantime. 
Lu Nanze was back in his villa. 
He looked somewhat sullen, thinking that Traceless and Liang Liang were in contact. He felt choked up and couldn’t be sure himself what he was feeling. 
Hence, when the butler noticed his gloomy expression, he did not dare to say what he had wanted to say. e?. ｏ
This did not escape Lu Nanze’s eyes. He snapped at the butler, “Say what you need to!” 
The butler immediately lowered his head and said, “Sir, Madam has not returned since she went out with Mr. Liang.” 
Upon hearing those words, Lu Nanze unleashed his temper and shouted, “It’s up to her whether she wishes to come home, what has it got to do with me?” 
Butler: … 
The butler fumbled to speak, not knowing where or how to start. 
How could that not have anything to do with you? Isn’t she your wife
But of course, he couldn’t say that. He hung his head. 
Lu Nanze snorted and continued, “What’s in the news today?” 
Ever since he had met Traceless, he had started to pay attention to the news. 
The moment he asked, the butler looked up and said, “Something did happen in a well-known villa compound. There was a shooting, apparently the police were after a professional thief called Traceless. It was even rumored that this Traceless works with another criminal, that they are a criminal couple.” 
Pffft. Cough! Cough! Cough! Lu Nanze spit out his tea. 
The man, who never lost his composure, snapped his head up at this point to look at the butler with a shocked expression. “What did you just say?” 
His expression clouded over. 
In the past, he, Lu Nanze, had been a man much feared by others. Now he was a well-known tycoon in the business world. He was used to being a respected man of the upper echelons of the society. This was the first time he made news as a thief. 
What sh*t was that about being a criminal couple? That was a complete insult to his position. 
As he took this situation in, he heard a voice at the door, “Mr. Liang.” 
Before he could say anything else, someone had charged into the house, coming right at Lu Nanze. 
Liang Liang looked angry as he stood in front of Lu Nanze. He pointed a finger at the man and said, “Well, what a nice friend you are!” 
With those words, he sat down on the sofa in front of Lu Nanze. “Tell me, why did you lie to me, saying that Traceless was dead? Did you know I was so depressed yesterday I almost died!” 
Lu Nanze looked at the man with cold indifference and said, “Aren’t you still alive and kicking?” 
Liang Liang hollered, “Why did you lie to me?!” 
Lu Nanze lowered his head to study his fingers and replied, “There’s no reason. I just felt… that you didn’t have to go so far.” 
Liang Liang looked up at the man in stunned silence. 
Lu Nanze continued after a long pause, “Even if you broke up, why did you have to push her into a corner? She’s a woman, no matter what. Don’t you know what everyone is saying about you?” 
Liang Liang clenched his fists tightly upon hearing those words. 
He looked at Lu Nanze steadily and asked, “And that’s what you think of me as well?” 
Lu Nanze did not try to avoid his gaze. He said, “I never thought about how you should be thought of. And how you treat Traceless is none of my business either. I have no desire to know what happened between the two of you.” 
Liang Liang’s anger quickly died down after Lu Nanze’s bold statement. 
He bit his lip and hung his head. With a deep sigh, he said, “Yes, something did happen between us, but I can’t say what. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have gone after her so relentlessly.”
###Chapter 1745: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (15) 
As he said so, his eyes flashed with hatred. 
He had never been played so badly by a woman in his whole life. 
He took in a deep breath and lifted his head up. He looked at Lu Nanze and said, “No matter what, you shouldn’t treat me like this.” 
Lu Nanze lowered his eyes and said, “Yes, I will tell you the truth the next time.” 
Liang Liang: … 
Liang Liang stared at Lu Nanze and suddenly said, “Why are you helping her so much?” 
Lu Nanze was stunned, he lifted his head and stared at Liang Liang. 
Liang Liang glared back at him and asked, “Don’t tell me you’ve fallen in love with Traceless.” 
After he said that, Lu Nanze instantly retorted, “How is that possible?!” 
Liang Liang sighed again. “That’s true, you only interacted with her once. But I didn’t expect that Traceless would be able to find a man so quickly.” 
“A man?” 
Lu Nanze fell silent. 
Liang Liang lowered his head. “Today, when we were chasing Traceless, she jumped into a man’s car. Both of them worked seamlessly, as if they were one person. It didn’t look as though they’ve just met, they must be friends that have known each other for a long period of time. It was as if their hearts were connected.” 
Lu Nanze had at first been angry because of the thief but now, seeing how sad Liang Liang looked and after hearing this, he couldn’t help but smile. 
Their hearts connected
Indeed, sometimes Traceless and he somehow had the same ideas. 
Worked together seamlessly
Of course. It was him, Lu Nanze—as long as he was willing to accommodate, help and work with anyone, there wouldn’t be a problem. 
“So I have reached her conclusion that he’s her boyfriend.” 
Liang Liang’s words cause Lu Nanze to return to reality. 
Boyfriend
As he recalled Traceless’ proud and arrogant look, he couldn’t help but sneer. How was that possible?! 
He wouldn’t date Traceless as long as the sun rose from the east. 
As he thought so, he lifted his head and looked out through the window. 
“What are you looking at?” Liang Liang asked. 
Lu Nanze: … 
He then realized the childish things he had done. 
Lu Nanze shook his head. “Nothing, what were you talking about?” 
Liang Liang replied, “I said that Traceless has a new boyfriend. How can she do that to me? How did she forget about me so quickly?” 
After he said so, Lu Nanze spoke coldly, “But don’t you have a fiancée?” 
Liang Liang instantly replied, “That’s different, it’s because—” 
Before he could finish speaking, he swallowed his words again and then said, “You’re really going to kill me by angering me! Are you my brother or her friend?” 
Lu Nanze lowered his head and replied, “Of course it’s-” 
Her friend. 
When dealing with feelings between a man and woman, no matter whose fault it was, he would usually take the woman’s side. 
It was because, if a woman was willing to show her feelings for a man, she really loves him. 
Even in her sleep, Traceless had been sad because of him. Wasn’t that sufficient?! 
What else did he want
Did he want Traceless to whine and cry every day because she had lost him? Like Qiao Yiyi, who didn’t dare to face anyone?! 
As he thought about Qiao Yiyi, he was suddenly stunned and looked at Liang Liang. Then he realized something and asked Liang Liang, “Where’s Qiao Yiyi?” 
Liang Liang was also stunned. “I don’t know!” 
Lu Nanze continued, “Didn’t she go out with you?” 
Liang Liang replied, “… I didn’t see her!” 
Lu Nanze frowned instantly and cursed angrily, “Damn it!”?a. 
###Chapter 1746: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (16) 
After hearing from the fruit seller that one of her customers was so scared that he was selling his house and moving away, Qiao Yiyi left, lamenting her misfortune. 
She wasn’t ruthless, she had just been sending a warning. 
Her customer had learned her lesson and she might spend the rest of her life in fear, that was sufficient. 
Thus, Qiao Yiyi drove back to the Lu family’s villa. 
Since it was over, Liang Liang had probably gone to settle scores with Lu Nanze and, as Mrs. Lu, it was time for her to return home. 
She parked the race car in a parking lot near her house and then got changed in it. Instantly, she turned from the awe-inspiring Traceless to Mrs. Lu. 
She walked into the house with her head low. 
And she gave out a weak look. 
Just at that moment, she suddenly heard someone call her from behind, “Hello, Mrs. Lu!” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She turned her head and saw a middle-aged woman, who looked amiable, standing behind her. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned with confusion. “Do I know you?” 
Since she had addressed her as Mrs. Lu, she probably didn’t know that she was Traceless. Besides that, the woman looked really friendly and nice, not like a bad person. 
That person laughed. “Someone asked me to give you this.” 
After she said so, she gave Qiao Yiyi a box. 
Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow and took the box from her. 
She casually opened it and a fragrant smell instantly wafted over. 
Qiao Yiyi, in her wariness, threw the box away quickly and hurriedly took two steps backwards. 
She hadn’t inhaled the fragranced, so she instantly looked at that middle-aged woman warily. 
The woman was surprised that she hadn’t managed to poison her and frowned. “I would have never thought that Mrs. Lu would be so skilled! But too bad, you won’t have a chance to leave today. Guys, get her!” 
After she said that, some people rushed towards her instantly. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and stretched her muscles. 
It had been long since she had trained and, since these people were coming to attack her, she could take it as a training. 
But when she thought so, she heard a voice from far away. “What are all of you doing?!” 
Qiao Yiy was stunned. She suddenly turned around and saw Lu Nanze walking towards her with big steps. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
If Lu Nanze was here, as a supposedly weak woman, how could she know martial arts
In her hesitation, the middle-aged woman had already rushed over and covered Qiao Yiyi’s nose. Then she grabbed her and pulled her back. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
It was really easy to escape from her kidnapper. 
But… 
Lu Nanze was here and she couldn’t use any of her escaping skills. 
This was really… 
As she was thinking, two thick ropes tightened around her and tied her up. She was then lifted up and thrown into a truck. 
That middle-aged woman stared at Lu Nanze and said, “Mr. Lu, if you want to get your wife back, meet me at the old deserted car garage in the outskirts. If you don’t, don’t blame me for what might happen to her!” 
After she said that, she turned around and drove the truck away in front of Lu Nanze. 
Qiao Yiyi, who had been thrown into the trunk, had both her hands tied up. As she struggled to get up and look out, the truck started moving and this resulted in her falling hard on the ground.
###Chapter 1747: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (17) 
This truck could have been used to transport eggs previously, as the floor was covered with rice straw. When she lifted her head, some of the rice straw was stuck to her mouth, making her a sorry sight to behold. 
She spat out the rice straw and sighed. 
What was this situation
The Traceless who had always been able to escape the police, who had always been able to get past her enemies’ security to freely come and go, had now been kidnapped by a bunch of small-time thugs. 
Furthermore, it was because of Lu Nanze! 
But… 
As this thought ran through her mind, the door of the truck swung open. The middle-aged woman who had kidnapped her walked in. 
Upon seeing Qiao Yiyi, the middle-aged woman gave an icy smirk. 
Qiao Yiyi paused for a moment and asked, “Who are you?” 
The lady drew in a deep breath and said, “I’m Qiao Yiyi’s mother.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. “What?” 
Immediately, a vicious glint flashed across the woman’s eyes as she rebuked the girl, “Do you know why you ended up marrying Lu Nanze? Because Lu Nanze was supposed to marry a girl by the name of Qiao Yiyi! Then he sent her to jail, with a life sentence! And I am Qiao Yiyi’s mother.” 
Xu Fang’s eyes started to burn and turned bloodshot when she said this. 
She had been around twenty years old when she married Qiao Zhiqiang. She had thought she had married into a wealthy family, but she was shocked to discover after she had gotten married that Qiao Zhiqiang was a number two at home, that he had nothing to his name. 
The entire Qiao family’s assets belonged to Qiao Lian’s father. 
She had not been able to come to terms with it. 
That was why she had more than readily assisted when, at the time, Lu Nanze’s father had come to Qiao Zhiqiang for help. Later on, she had used this matter against Lu Nanze’s father, making him agree to take Qiao Yiyi as his daughter-in-law through her marriage with Lu Nanze. 
But it had been beyond her expectations that this decision would eventually leave her daughter in such a plight. 
A daughter serving a life sentence. She had gone to the prison to see her daughter, and the girl had been tortured beyond recognition. 
Lu Nanze was simply a beast! No, he was worse than a beast. 
That was why she had taken all of her family savings to hire a group of thugs who feared nothing to deal with Lu Nanze. 
If he wanted to save Qiao Yiyi, then he would have to get her husband and daughter out of jail. 
Xu Fang stared at Qiao Yiyi after saying this. 
Qiao Yiyi finally realized who this person was. 
She was the mother of the Qiao Yiyi who was in jail. 
But… 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes flashed as she said, “You yourself know how I ended up marrying Mr. Lu. Mr. Lu doesn’t care about me, it’s no use holding me hostage.” 
Xu Fang laughed scornfully and replied, “Besides you, I don’t know who else I can kidnap.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi paused and then realized the meaning behind those words. 
Damn! 
Was this woman saying that she, Qiao Yiyi, was the Lu family’s weakest link
However… 
If it hadn’t been for Lu Nanze’s sudden appearance, perhaps she would have already beaten all these people and gotten home by now. 
She just wanted to get back to bed. She was exhausted. 
Qiao Yiyi cursed Lu Nanze silently at this thought and contemplated the situation. Should she escape from this truck now? Or should she wait for Lu Nanze to turn up and rescue her
If she went home alone, surely Lu Nanze would interrogate her. And if he were to find out that she knew martial arts, it would expose her identity. 
But if she were to wait for him, would he even show up?!
###Chapter 1748 . 
Chapter 1748: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (18) 
The answer to this question… She couldn’t be sure. 
She grimaced. Xu Fang continued, “Don’t worry, he will come! Because you are his wife. I’ve already spread the word. If he doesn’t come to rescue you, he’ll lose his social standing.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Hence, even if he were to come to rescue her, it would be for the sake of his reputation
Qiao Yiyi gave a scornful smile and fell silent. 
When Xu Fang saw that the girl remained silent, she stared at her again with a half-crazed glint in her eyes. 
The ugly dress Qiao Yiyi was wearing was in fact a branded dress that cost a hefty sum. 
And what about herself
She had spent all her savings. 
How was this fair
How was it fair that this Qiao Yiyi had taken her own daughter’s place to become the mistress of the Lu family
This thought fired Xu Fang up so much that she grabbed Qiao Yiyi’s dress and demanded, “Take this dress off right now!” 
After saying this, she pulled the girl’s dress. 
Qiao Yiyi: …! 
It was summer now. 
If the woman took off her dress, what would she end up looking like
Qiao Yiyi shrank back as far as she could while the woman advanced towards her aggressively. Just like that, the tussle exposed the injury on Qiao Yiyi’s shoulder. 
The shock of seeing the wound knocked the woman back to her senses. She asked, “What- what’s wrong with your shoulder?” 
Upon this question and recalling the woman’s half-crazed expression, Qiao Yiyi had a sudden realization. 
Dang! This woman was jealous. 
Since this was the case, to save herself from being stripped naked, Qiao Yiyi quickly hung her head and started to sob. ” You- you have no idea how painful it is to be married to that man. He- he loves to torture people in bed.” 
Xu Fang: … 
Xu Fang looked at the girl in disbelief and said, “I didn’t know he had such a weird fetiche.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi felt that perhaps she was being a little nasty by doing this, but since she had gone down this route, she had to be convincing till the end. Hence she nodded and started to sob again with her head low. 
Now Xu Fang’s expression became somewhat sympathetic as she looked at the girl. She continued, “I wouldn’t have thought that he was this perverse. Well, it’s not surprising. A cruel man who could put the mother of his own baby in jail, a man who doesn’t care about his own flesh and blood, he can’t be all that great.” 
After she had expressed this, Qiao Yiyi’s dress finally ceased to be a problem. She leaned against the side of the truck and stared ahead. 
She hesitated and wondered if Lu Nanze would turn up after all. 
And if he didn’t … 
Xu Fang suddenly turned around and said to her with an icy smirk, “You’d better hope that he turns up, otherwise I’ll have to kill you to ruin his reputation!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She was in trouble because of Lu Nanze. 
But the woman wanted to kill her
Did Xu Fang think it was going to be an easy task
The corners of Qiao Yiyi’s lips curved into a disdainful smile. Then she leaned against the truck and lowered her head. 
No matter what, she had to escape first. 
Xu Fang was a mad woman. What if she did more than she could handle
So she had to prioritize her own safety. 
She might as well trust a dog if she had to rely on Lu Nanze.
###Chapter 1749: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (19) 
After sorting this out in her head, Qiao Yiyi started to pay close attention to Xu Fang. 
The woman was easy to deal with. She was just an ordinary middle-aged woman, there was no need to use her full strength. 
The problem was getting out of the truck without alerting the people out at the front. 
She thought for a bit and then smiled faintly, secretly making small movements with her hands tied behind her. Very soon, the rope that bound them came undone. 
She made a slight movement and in a flash, like a cheetah, lunged at Xu Fang. 
She gave a hard punch to Xu Fang’s head, knocking the woman out in a blow. Then, faster than the speed of sound, she burst out of the back of the truck. 
She moved like a lightning bolt. 
She was so fast that the people outside didn’t even realize it when she jumped off the truck and disappeared into the lush and overgrown vegetation by the roadside. 
The driver and copilot had no idea that she was gone. They continued driving ahead slowly. 
Qiao Yiyi hid in the grass for a while before she stuck her head out. Then she undid the rope around her feet and stood up. i. c?
She looked around her and realized she was in some sort of remote part of the countryside. 
She frowned as she dusted the dirt off herself. 
After kidnapping her, Xu Fang had taken away her cell phone. Now that she had escaped from the truck, she didn’t have a cell phone with her. 
All the resources she had were on her cell phone and she depended on it. 
Without her cell phone, she had nothing else. 
More than that, she didn’t have a navigation device, which meant that one couldn’t know the way. 
But fortunately, all of these were problems for an ordinary person. 
Qiao Yiyi wasn’t an ordinary person. 
She lifted her head and looked up into the sky. She identified the cardinal directions—North, South, East and West—and then started to walk in the right direction. 
She had always been a brisk walker and, as a rough estimate, it had only been an hour since she had been kidnapped. 
Hence at the most, they had driven 80 kilometers. 
If it were really 80 kilometers, it would take a long time by foot. 
But… 
Who said she had to go home
Qiao Yiyi walked for some distance until she got to the expressway. She halted a car and managed to hitchhike a ride to Suzhou. 
By the time she got back to Suzhou, it had been four hours since she had been kidnapped. 
She thanked the person who had driven her and started to walk towards the Lu family villa. 
The moment she arrived at the villa, she meant to tell everyone that she had come back, alive and well. 
She had even thought of an excuse, to say that she had sneaked away when her kidnappers weren’t looking. 
But… 
Just as she approached the Lu family villa’s front door, she suddenly realized something. 
She had left her mother’s bracelet on the truck! 
That wasn’t an ordinary bracelet. It had a GPS function and it allowed her mother to know her whereabouts every day. Now that she had lost it, how was she going to be reunited with her mother?! 
The moment this thought occurred to her, she immediately turned around without a second thought, headed to her car and put on her disguise as Traceless. 
No, she had to go back there to retrieve her bracelet. 
In the meantime, in the Lu family villa, Lu Nanze received a call from Xu Fang, who was now hopping mad because she had lost Qiao Yiyi. She said to him, “If you want your wife Qiao Yiyi back alive, follow my instructions immediately and come to this place.” 
Lu Nanze’s expression darkened ùpon hearing this and he said, “Ok.”
###Chapter 1750: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (20) 
After he hung up, Lu Nanze turned around to go out. 
But the butler stopped him and said, “Sir, you can’t just go just like this! It’s too dangerous. You have to call the police.” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and looked at the butler sharply. 
The butler insisted, “In any case, you don’t like Madam. So even if anything happened to her and she didn’t survive, you would no longer need to divorce her, wouldn’t you? Sir, if we manage this situation appropriately, we could solve all our problems. You have to think carefully about this!” 
Lu Nanze snorted frostily at this suggestion. 
He looked at the butler and said after a long pause, “I know, I’ve never been a decent man.” 
When he said this, the butler paused and sighed deep down inside. 
Then the man added, “But I’m not going to let a woman suffer for what happens to be my own business. Regardless of whether she is my wife, even if it were a stranger on the street, I wouldn’t just stand by and do nothing about it.” 
The butler fell silent when he heard these words. 
He didn’t know what else to say, but only looked at Lu Nanze and sighed deeply. “Sir, just pretend that I didn’t say anything then.” 
After this, he turned around and started to gather the men who would assist Lu Nanze. 
“Sir, time is essential. We only have this small group of men to accompany you. Is there anything else you might need?” 
Lu Nanze looked at the group of men indifferently and frowned. After a moment, he spoke, “I don’t need so many. It makes me an easy target. If they discover them, they may kill the hostage and it would be a disaster. For now, we need to ensure her safety.” 
The butler nodded immediately. 
After Lu Nanze had made all necessary preparations, they got ready to leave. 
The cars rolled through the Lu family villa’s main gates as the butler stared. However, he was still feeling uneasy and hence called Liang Liang. “Mr. Liang, our madam has been kidnapped and Sir is on the way to rescue her, but I’m worried—” 
Before he could finish, Liang Liang’s furious voice sounded. “With the sort of temper your Sir has, it was just a matter of time before he got himself in trouble! Serves him right, really!” 
After this though, the next thing he said was, “Where is he going to?” 
The butler: … 
He knew that even though Liang Liang and his boss had had an argument, he wouldn’t abandon him in times of trouble. 
Hence he told the man, “He’s gone to…” 
After he hung up, Liang Liang started to gather his men at the police station. 
But at that moment, most of them had been called to duty. 
Incapable to put a team together, Liang Liang started to get anxious. “I’d like to apply for an armed police team to protect Lu Nanze!” . om
“Police Officer Liang, you may have to look for Chief Bai about this. You need his approval.” 
Upon hearing this, the man headed straight for Chief Bai’s office. 
Meanwhile, Lu Nanze’s car had already arrived in the countryside. 
The road in this area was quite arduous. 
After driving through the mountains for a long time, they finally came to the spot that Xu Fang had indicated. 
Lu Nanze got out of the car and looked around. 
The area had a thick canopy which let little light through. There were also some small huts hidden in the dim woods. 
They were clearly rural huts. 
He frowned. As he contemplated the situation, he suddenly heard a sound. 
He sharpened his senses and turned around immediately. A loud sports car was driving in his direction. 
He frowned and stood right in front of the car. 
The car window rolled down slowly. When Lu Nanze saw the person in the car, his jaw dropped in surprise. “Traceless?!”
###Chapter 1751: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (21) 
Qiao Yiyi had not thought that she would run into Lu Nanze here. 
Logically speaking, shouldn’t Lu Nanze not care about Madam Lu being kidnapped?! 
So why had he come here
She frowned. Lu Nanze had spotted her and had even called her. 
Qiao Yiyi knew it was impossible, given the road, to turn the car around and back out now. Hence, she could only wind down her window calmly and look at the man. She immediately smiled and remarked, “What a coincidence. What are you doing here?” 
Then she turned, looked at the surrounding hills and asked, “Looking for inspiration?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
The man turned to glance at their surroundings and misunderstood. 
All this time, Traceless had chosen not to stay in his villa, yet didn’t own a property in Suzhou. Besides, given her identity, staying in a hotel would have been impossible, so where exactly did she live
She had been able to appear on time to change her dressing every night. At the very least, this showed that she wasn’t living very far from Suzhou. But he would have never thought that the police would have cornered her into having to live in the countryside like this. 
He thought that Traceless was living in this remote valley. 
He turned to look around again and observed that the valley made any mode of transportation difficult. A car could only come this far and no further, hence from this point, one had to move by foot. 
Traceless was injured, yet she had had to endure this such arduous task. 
Liang Liang and Bai Anan were simply too much. 
How could they treat Traceless like this
A look of deep regret crossed the man’s eyes as he said to Traceless, “This place seems a rather good spot for your recovery.” 
A proud woman like Traceless would rather live in the mountains than in his villa. The fact that he had discovered this left her in an embarrassing situation, hence he had given her an out so that she could maintain her pride. 
But right after he had said, he saw Traceless grimace. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Had he lost his mind
How could this be a good place to recover?! 
He was simply talking nonsense. 
Still grimacing, she replied with a question, “What are you doing here?” 
At least, she should just pretend to show interest in his reason for being there. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and did not speak. However, one of his assistants said, “Our Madam has been kidnapped.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back at those words as she looked at Lu Nanze. “Your wife?” 
Oddly, the moment he heard the words “your wife,” he felt guilty at once. 
Indeed, he was a man with a wife. How could he be interested in another woman
The thought of this made Lu Nanze feel quite uneasy. He was really quite remorseful. 
He looked at Traceless and said, “Uh huh.” 
Seeing that he didn’t want to talk about his wife, she refused to let the topic go. “It looks like you love her a lot. Otherwise, why would you rush here with just a few of your men?” 
Lu Nanze immediately said, “She was kidnapped because of me. It has nothing to do with love. I would do the same for a pet dog or pet cat that was kidnapped.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s expression turned sullen at once when she heard this. 
Damn you. Who are you calling your pet dog or pet cat?
###Chapter 1752: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (22) 
She snorted icily with a grimace, her tone a little strange now as she added, “Mr. Lu certainly has a big heart, even caring for the little animals. That simply makes you… so different from normal people.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Why did it sound like she was being sarcastic
But Lu Nanze did not want to talk about Qiao Yiyi too much so he said, “Actually, you can stay in my villa. It’s safer there. Besides, no one would go there and it would be easy for you to clean your wound.” 
Before he could finish what he was saying, Traceless smiled frostily and said, “Madam Lu has been kidnapped and her situation is uncertain now. To think that you can be here having a leisurely chat about where I should live, that’s really big-hearted of Mr. Lu!” 
Lu Nanze was at once speechless. 
He opened his mouth, intending to explain that things between him and Qiao Yiyi weren’t quite what she thought, and that there wasn’t really anything going on between them. e?.＆nbsp;c?
But the moment he wanted to say this, he realized that it wasn’t something he could explain clearly. 
How could he
Tell her that he didn’t really love his wife
But wouldn’t it be slightly strange of him to say this aloud
Because it really had nothing to do with Traceless whether he liked or loved his wife. 
He struggled for a moment and finally swallowed those words. 
Then he coughed slightly. Traceless took two steps forward, turned around and claimed, “Well, come on!” 
Lu Nanze: …?
“I can’t just stand here and do nothing about your kidnapped wife. Besides, I do owe you a favor, so I’ll help you this time round!” 
Qiao Yiyi felt extremely guilty saying this. 
Since she couldn’t avoid the man, then the next best thing to do was to accompany him. 
She must locate her bracelet amidst the chaos and retrieve her GPS chip. 
But to Lu Nanze, this offer from Traceless made him feel like he was important to her. 
Otherwise, why would Traceless go out of the way to help him rescue his wife
However, Lu Nanze turned to look at the men he had brought along with him and said immediately, “It’s alright, we don’t need you there. We have enough men.” 
There were too few of them and it would be dangerous for Traceless to go with them. 
Although she was highly-skilled, she was highly-skilled in escaping. When it came to combat, it was a different story. 
Besides, Traceless was injured. What if she ended up getting worse because of joining them
Qiao Yiyi burst out in sarcastic laughter when she heard this and said, “Usually people worry about not having enough men to carry out a rescue operation, but this is the first time I’m hearing about someone having an issue with too many, do you think so poorly of me?” 
Damn it. If she didn’t go with them, how was she going to retrieve her bracelet?! 
Lu Nanze, why was he such a troublesome man
Hence, after she said this, she started walking towards the mountain peak without further ado. 
Lu Nanze watched her from behind and was about to speak up, but he realized that anything he said would be futile now. So with a wave of his hand, he simply instructed the men, “Let’s go.” 
The group closely followed Qiao Yiyi. 
They followed her in an orderly manner to the mountain peak, to the spot that Xu Fang had indicated 
It was very windy on the mountaintop. They felt as though they were being swept off their feet. 
Lu Nanze threw a sidelong glance at Qiao Yiyi. Oddly enough, he worried about her frail frame being swept away by the strong wind, and had an inexplicable desire to take extra care of her. 
Of course, Qiao Yiyi wasn’t about to be swept away by a mere gust of wind. Right now, she stood there making quick observations of their surroundings, looking for the best place to hide later on.
###Chapter 1753: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (23) 
As her mind worked to figure things out, Xu Fang and her men, having heard movements outside, suddenly appeared from within the thatched huts and charged at them. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back at once. She quickly retreated and dodged behind Lu Nanze. 
Since he was worried about her, seeing this happen somehow gave him some sort of gratification. 
At least the girl knew what was good for her and took shelter. 
For a while, he had thought she was going to play superhero and charge ahead. 
At this thought, Lu Nanze focused his attention back to what was in front of him. 
Shielding herself behind him and his team, her gaze fell on a figure whose head was covered by a burlap sack. The figure was being held down by a few men, who had positioned themselves slightly behind Xu Fang. 
That figure was stumbling alongside the men, who were yanking her along. The dress she wore was obviously very much like what she had been wearing yesterday, but if one were to observe closely, it wasn’t the same dress. 
However, Lu Nanze would not have noticed what she was wearing, right
Hence, she was quite sure that Lu Nanze would not realize that the woman there was actually not Qiao Yiyi. 
As these thoughts ran through her mind, Xu Fang spoke, “Mr. Lu, I think you know what I want. If you want me to release the hostage, get my daughter out of jail!” 
“That’s not possible!” the man spoke in a commanding tone. “She ran over my father with a car and killed him. The law is already giving your family face for not having given her a death sentence!” 
“Mr. Lu, how could you be so heartless? My daughter is pregnant with your child.” 
Lu Nanze laughed frostily and did not address her remark. Instead, he looked steadily at the figure behind Xu Fang and said, “I believe you know and understand the reason why I married this girl. I’m here now, so it doesn’t matter to me what you do to her. If word gets out, I’ll be accused of the inability to protect her, at worst. But if you kill her, you will die with her!” 
At this remark, Lu Nanze moved back and his bodyguards took their positions in front of him, standing between him and Xu Fang’s men. 
Lu Nanze’s men looked more than ready. Xu Fang’s eyes flashed nervously as she looked at them. 
The woman who had the burlap sack over her head shook her head vigorously. She made a few muffled sounds, as though there was something in her mouth. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. That voice was so different from hers. 
But not that Lu Nanze would know the difference, since he hardly paid any attention to her
The man probably didn’t even know how tall or heavy his own wife was. 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her mouth and snorted as that thought struck her. 
He was really too cold towards his own wife. 
At this point, Xu Fang spoke again, “Mr. Lu, how could you be so heartless?!” . c?
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and said, “Don’t you already know what sort of person I am?” 
“You—” 
The man looked up and said, “Let her go, and I’ll let this matter go. As though it never happened. How about that?” 
Xu Fang clenched her fists tightly. 
She knew that Lu Nanze meant whatever he said. 
Since he had said this, she knew that if she let this girl go, Lu Nanze would let her off the hook too. 
But… 
The person under this burlap sack wasn’t Madam Lu at all. 
So even if they released the girl, it was useless. 
And Lu Nanze would be even more furious to find out that he had been tricked. 
So she was now at a dead end. 
Xu Fang snapped her head up at this thought and looked at Lu Nanze steadily. “I dared do this today because I’m fully prepared! Since you don’t care about her, I’ll kill her and die too.” 
After saying this, she took out a dagger, aimed it at the girl’s neck and plunged it in.
###Chapter 1754: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (24) 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t feel good hearing that Lu Nanze didn’t care about what the woman did with her. 
Because if she had not been able to make her escape, then that girl would have actually been herself. 
She valued her own life. It made her extremely uncomfortable to know that Lu Nanze couldn’t care less about her. 
She frowned and snorted icily, cursing silently what a cold-blooded and heartless person he was. 
When Xu Fang raised the dagger and plunged it into the girl, she felt no concern. 
In any case, that girl wasn’t her. She was certain that Xu Fang would not go all the way. 
However unexpectedly, the next moment, Lu Nanze suddenly took a step forward and yelled, “Stop!” 
The dagger stopped at the girl’s neck. Xu Fang immediately looked up and said, “You’ve slept with her, I’m sure there’s at the very least some affection. You couldn’t bear it if she died, wouldn’t you?!” 
Lu Nanze frowned. 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes in surprise. 
Had Lu Nanze just yelled for them to stop?! 
So all that time, when he had looked cold and emotionless, had that all been just a fa?ade?! 
She was stunned. 
Was she wrong about this man
That was impossible. 
Since when had the man turned so kind?! 
She shook her head in disbelief. It was impossible. 
Lu Nanze was doing this for his own ego, for sure. 
Besides, whatever Lu Nanze’s reason was, it had nothing to do with her. The reason she had come was to retrieve her bracelet. 
Hence, she started looking around, trying to locate the truck. 
But just as she took her eyes off the kidnapped girl, her attention was suddenly drawn back to her. She looked at the figure with the burlap sack over her head once more. 
On the girl’s wrist, she saw her very own bracelet. 
Qiao Yiyi: … ?n?. om
So Xu Fang thought that the bracelet was a gift from Lu Nanze and had specially put it on the girl to make her identity more convincing. 
Qiao Yiyi had not thought that Xu Fang would be so meticulous. 
But… that bracelet belonged to her. 
And even if she had all the skills in the world, she wouldn’t be able to retrieve that bracelet under these people’s watchful eyes. 
What was she going to do now
At this point, Xu Fang smiled icily and stepped away from the girl. “Since Mr. Lu still cares about Madam Lu, then it’s time we negotiate.” 
The woman made a gesture with her hand and, at once, two men dashed towards the kidnapped girl, each of them grabbing an arm on either side. Then they put a rope around her waist. 
And following this… 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back as she watched the men hang the girl by the rope, over the edge of the cliff. 
Sensing something was not quite right, the girl struggled and tried to yell. But through all this process, Xu Fang was expressionless. 
She merely stared at Lu Nanze and said, “Mr. Lu, I do suggest you think things through carefully before making any decisions! In any case, Madam Lu is very safe hanging here.” 
At this point, the woman whipped out a pair of scissors and placed it against the rope by which the girl was being suspended.
###Chapter 1755: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (25) 
At that moment, the situation was pressing. 
Once the rope was severed, there was no doubt that the girl would fall to her death. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and stared ahead. 
Xu Fang was certainly nasty in the way she did things—and she didn’t look like she was pretending. 
She wondered who the suspended girl was, to be treated so cruelly by Xu Fang. 
As she wondered silently, Lu Nanze spoke after a silence, “What do you want in exchange for her?” 
Xu Fang sneered, “You have two options. One, get my daughter out of jail!” 
“That is not possible.” Lu Nanze was known to be a man who meant what he said and who never went back on his word. If he said that he would get Qiao Yiyi out of jail, then he would make sure that it was done. 
Xu Fang narrowed her eyes viciously and continued, “Well then, it’s the second option. If you jump off this cliff, perhaps I will consider letting her go.” 
Lu Nanze’s determined attitude agitated the woman. 
Her daughter and husband were both in jail and she was now alone in the world. Life held no meaning for her. 
If Lu Nanze would not let her daughter go, then she would take the man down with her today. 
The thought of this agitated the woman, who acted now like a cornered beast. 
She snapped her head around, tightened her grip around the scissors and started slicing the ropes. 
Her eyes flashed as though she had lost her sanity. 
She had no more will to live, so she would take Lu Nanze down to hell with her. 
Qiao Yiyi had not expected Xu Fang to get so upset by Lu Nanze’s brief remarks. Her pupils shrank back as she stared. 
She noticed that the rope had been sliced through halfway. 
She was no saint, other people’s safety was really not her business. 
But she needed to have her bracelet back. 
If that girl fell off the cliff, her bracelet would go down with the girl. And how was her mother ever going to find her?! in?. Coｍ
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi rushed forward without a moment of hesitation. 
She was very fast and her speed dazzled everyone. In a flash, she was in front of Xu Fang. She reached for the scissors in the woman’s hand, which she grabbed and tossed to the side. Then she grabbed the taut rope, ready to snap at any moment. 
At the same time, Lu Nanze moved forward. 
The two of them had started moving at the same time, but because Lu Nanze was not as nimble as Qiao Yiyi, he was a step behind. 
When he saw Qiao Yiyi grabbing the rope, he immediately took the girl with the burlap sack over her head. He yanked her off the cliff edge, onto safer grounds further in. 
The girl panicked and, as she flailed her arms and legs, her wrist hit the cliff edge. 
To begin with, that bracelet had always come undone easily, otherwise she wouldn’t have dropped it in the truck. 
In that instant, after a hard knock, the clasp came undone immediately. The bracelet loosened and slipped away, plunging into the bottom of the cliff. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back as she instantly took the rope and anchored it to the side of the cliff. Then she lunged towards the edge. 
She reached out and caught the bracelet in her hand. 
Meanwhile, she hung precariously off the cliff edge. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed in relief. 
After all, a cliff like this was really nothing to her. 
But as she was about to pull herself up, a searing pain that started from her shoulder shot right through her. 
Her wrist at once went limp uncontrollably. 
She fell down a short distance. 
Damn. 
In a critical moment, she had forgotten about the injury on her shoulder. And it was not an insubstantial one.
###Chapter 1756: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (26) 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back as she cursed at herself. 
How stupid was that
The injury on her shoulder was serious, there was no way she could take her entire body weight with that arm alone. 
Now all she could do was release the bracelet and use her other arm to grab the rope, to ensure her safety. 
But… 
The bracelet was her only way of staying in contact with her mother. 
She struggled. Her body weight was rapidly dragging her down. 
“Traceless!” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and, just as she was about to let the bracelet go, she suddenly heard someone calling her. She immediately looked up and saw that Lu Nanze had jumped down to where she was without a moment of hesitation. 
He slid one hand firmly around her waist and with the other hand, he clung tightly to the rope just as she was about to let go. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
“Oh no!” she cursed under her breath. 
Indeed, before she could speak further, the rope snapped under the weight of two people. 
“Sir!” 
“Sir!” 
They heard Lu Nanze’s bodyguards yelling anxiously on top of the cliff… while Lu Nanze and Traceless fell all the way down. 
Qiao Yiyi was utterly speechless. 
How could the rope have taken the weight of the both of them
Why on earth had this man jumped down?! 
Now he had taken her down with him. 
As she cursed and swore silently, she looked down. 
Fortunately, it was not a very steep cliff and there was a thick canopy at the bottom, which slowed their fall. 
But even then, they were getting seriously hit and knocked, which made them feel like they were about to spew their guts out. 
Qiao Yiyi was dizzy from the hits but right at this point, from the corner of her eye she saw a sharp branch jutting out. If either of them were to fall on it, it would pierce right through them. 
Her pupils shrank back as her mind raced to think of a way to avoid the branch. 
But now they were both in mid-air, where could they grab onto?! 
As she thought this, she felt a hard push. 
She widened her eyes in shock and looked at Lu Nanze in disbelief. 
She saw him shove her out of the way as he rammed right into the branch. 
There was a sound of flesh being pierced. Because he had pushed her out of the way, he himself had moved and fallen on the side of the branch. 
The branch had mercilessly pierced into his thigh instead. 
At once, a fountain of blood seeped out of the wound. 
Bam! 
Bam! 
Qiao Yiyi and Lu Nanze both fell hard on the ground. 
The girl rolled with the fall and it mitigated the impact. Then immediately she jumped to her feet and dashed towards Lu Nanze. 
As she came up to him, she saw that he was lying flat on the ground with both his hands tightly squeezing his thigh. 
Qiao Yiyi asked at once, “How are you going?” ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
He replied, “Think I’ve torn my artery.” 
Her heart missed a beat. 
One could die within half an hour from blood loss in case of hurting an artery. 
She looked down quickly and indeed saw blood spurting from the wound. 
Without any delay, she looked around. Unable to spot any useful materials, she quickly tore her garments, and used the fabric to create a tourniquet around the wound and stop the blood flow. 
But even then, if they didn’t get him treated as soon as possible, he could lose his leg. 
She clenched her fists tightly. But in the midst of her panic, she felt a hand closing over hers.
###Chapter 1757: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (27) 
Qiao Yiyi lifted her gaze and saw Lu Nanze looking back at her. He said, “Don’t worry, it will be fine.” 
At that moment, the pain had to be excruciating for him. 
But his voice was as steady as ever, giving her peace. 
She had always been a calm person with great self-restraint, but looking at his injured leg had made her panic slightly. As she stared at him, an odd feeling started to grow within her. n?e?. Co
He was a sorry sight now. 
There were a few leaves in his hair. Because of the struggle, or perhaps because of the pain, his forehead was damp with perspiration. 
But even then, his gaze was as steady as always and it seemed to calm her down. 
It was only now that Qiao Yiyi realized that Lu Nanze had a straight and high nose bridge, and he had extremely beautiful features. 
Lu Nanze was always so aloof and lofty that people hardly noticed his looks. But now he was injured and not his usual haughty self, which also had the effect of bringing out his wickedly charming looks. 
The man was in fact… quite handsome! 
As this realization struck her, Qiao Yiyi felt her heart skip a couple beats. 
She immediately lowered her head and pressed on his thigh. 
She frowned and said after a moment, “I’m going to have to rip your pants open to take a look at the wound.” 
After saying this, she reached out for the fabric. 
However, Lu Nanze stopped her. “I’m fine.” 
She looked up and said, “You’ve lost so much blood, how could you be fine?!” 
Her tone was a little harsh when she said this. However, she noticed that the tips of the man’s ears had turned a bright scarlet. After a moment, she realized what was going on. Flabbergasted, she said, “Mr. Lu, in this sort of situation, there is no time for shyness!” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Before the man could say anything, Qiao Yiyi had already lowered her head and was trying to remove his clothes. However, given that the pants were of good quality and furthermore, they were now drenched in blood and perspiration, it proved to be a tricky job. 
The girl frowned, suddenly bent over and gripped the pants’ zipper between her teeth. 
Lu Nanze lowered his head to look. His leg was numb by now and he had lost a lot of blood, which made him feel slightly giddy. 
The way Traceless was bent over him, biting the fabric of his trousers, it looked a little… 
The picture in his head was somewhat pornographic. He blushed even deeper. 
With a polite cough, he turned and looked away. 
After a shredding sound, his trousers were torn apart. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the hideous mess of a wound. The branch was still stuck in it. 
There was no equipment at the moment to do anything to the branch, and the injury was too serious to move the man. Now they could only wait for help. 
She lifted her head, looked at Lu Nanze and asked, “How long do you think it will take your men to find us?” 
He was silent for a moment and then said, “Half an hour.” 
She drew in a deep breath. “That’s some time! You will have to endure it in the meantime.” 
He nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi kept her eyes on his wound. 
It was still bleeding and the blood was flowing on the ground. 
Because the ground was damp, it was hard to tell how much blood he had lost. 
Although he looked as pale as a sheet, at the same time there was an odd ruddy color on his face. 
She reached out and said, “Do you have a fever?” 
Her hand touched him, but his body temperature seemed normal. She was puzzled. “Why is your face so red?” 
Lu Nanze: …
###Chapter 1758: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (28) 
Would she get angry if he told her that his mind was filled with erotic images?! 
He cleared his throat and said instead, “Maybe I’m just feeling warm.” 
Warm
Qiao Yiyi turned to look around them. 
Indeed, the forest was hot and humid. 
But still, it was cool compared to the normal environment. Why was he feeling so warm
Puzzled, she furrowed her brow. 
Time passed, minute after minute, second after second. Lu Nanze suddenly spoke, “Traceless.” 
“Uh huh?” 
She looked up from his wound, to glance at him for a moment. 
“Talk to me for a bit.” 
The man’s voice was weak. 
Her heart jumped into her throat, her head snapped up at once and she asked him, “Are you feeling any discomfort?” 
Lu Nanze shook his head and replied, “Just a little dizzy.” 
The moment she heard the word dizzy, she panicked and said anxiously, “You have to stay awake! You hear me?!” 
She turned and looked at his wound again. 
She knew that he wanted her to talk to him so that he could maintain consciousness. If he were to pass out now, he could die losing all this blood. 
At once, she said, “Why did you even jump? Don’t you know it was very dangerous?!” 
Upon hearing this question, the man suddenly laughed and said, “I couldn’t help myself.” 
Qiao Yiyi froze and was stunned for a moment. She turned to look at him. “What do you mean?” 
He cast his gaze down. “Exactly what I said.” 
Before this, he had not understood it himself. Why was he so focused on this girl
But it had been in that split second that he had realized. 
After the short period he had gotten to know the girl, he found himself liking her immensely. 
To the extent that when she had fallen off the cliff, he had jumped after her without a second thought. i. c?
There had only been one thing in his mind at that point, and it had been to rescue her. 
His mind had had no space for other thoughts besides that. 
But now, as he recalled how he had felt at that point, he suddenly understood his own heart clearly. 
And since he realized now that he liked the girl, then he should go after her. 
Exactly what he said
Qiao Yiyi paused. 
He couldn’t help himself. Did that mean he hadn’t been to stop himself from rescuing her
But why
It couldn’t be that he liked her. 
Impossible. 
He only had Qiao Lian in his heart. He couldn’t possibly have fallen in love with another woman so easily. 
Perhaps, he had other reasons for rescuing her
Even though she told herself this, she could feel her heartbeat speed up uncontrollably. 
At once, her face started to burn and flush. 
It wasn’t even a confession, but she was reacting so strongly to it. 
She berated herself silently, before looking up and staring into the man’s wickedly charming eyes. 
Because he had lost a lot of blood, his eyes were not as bright as they normally were, but this instead brought out the mischievousness in them. 
He held her gaze and suddenly asked, ”Traceless, will you ever love another man?” 
Qiao Yiyi flushed deeply. 
What was that? Was Lu Nanze trying to make a confession?! 
She clenched her fists as an unfamiliar wave of nervousness washed over her. 
She gulped and licked her parched lips. Then she quickly said, “I don’t know.” 
The man persisted, however. “Well, haven’t you thought of giving it a try?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back. 
She wasn’t the type to dodge questions and had always liked clarity. Hence, she asked point blank, “With whom?”
###Chapter 1759: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (29) 
That was the sort of person Qiao Yiyi was—honest and bold with all her emotions. 
Even though she was a thief and led an unstable lifestyle, she had once upon a time cast aside her fears to date a police officer. This showed that she had no lack of courage. 
Although Liang Liang had betrayed and attacked her in the end, to the extent of physically harming her, she had not allowed herself to hate the world, she had not stopped believing in love. 
She had merely chosen the wrong man. 
If she met the right man, she didn’t mind giving it another chance. 
Hence, Lu Nanze’s teasing confession had compelled her to ask boldly. 
Since there was interest, then why not give things a chance
Especially if… 
Lu Nanze was willing to fall down a cliff for her. She had to admit it, she was moved by that act. 
She narrowed her eyes and looked at the man with her clear and transparent eyes. 
Just as Lu Nanze was about to speak, they suddenly heard voices from afar yelling, “They’re there, in front!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back upon hearing that familiar voice. It was Liang Liang. 
Why was he here?! 
If he was here, there was no way she could stay. 
She looked back at Lu Nanze, her pupils narrowing. 
He nodded at once. 
With a quick turn of her body, she bounded away and disappeared into the foliage. 
As she dove into the thick forest, she heard a voice behind her, “With me, of course!” 
She halted. She was tempted to turn around, to confirm that she had heard those words right. But at this point, Liang Liang said, “Lu Nanze, we’ve finally found you, you little bastard!” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately kept moving ahead, not daring to stop. 
She hid in the tall grass and stared as they put Lu Nanze on a stretcher. As they walked out, she followed them. 
She was very meticulous and cautious but still, Lu Nanze spotted her. 
Even though he was pale from the blood loss, his eyes were sharply focused in her direction, signaling for her to go away. 
She was concerned, however, and watched him right up till he had been lifted into the ambulance and then taken out of the forest. 
– 
Once Lu Nanze had been placed in the ambulance, the nurses started the emergency blood transfusion and tended to his wound. 
He closed his eyes, feeling rather dizzy. 
But all along the way to the ambulance, he had been able to feel her eyes on him. 
Was she worried about him
The corners of his lips curved into a faint smile at this thought. 
Suddenly, he felt happy and optimistic. 
He had never felt like this with Qiao Lian. 
When they were young, he had only been concerned about her happiness. After they had grown up, he had done a lot in an attempt to win her heart. 
But this unconscious loving care that he had for Traceless was almost a reflex for him, it was something completely new to him. 
And being cared for by someone he liked felt good indeed! 
He closed his eyes quietly as he held this thought. 
He felt drowsy and his head was getting heavy. With his eyes tightly shut now, he slipped into a deep slumber. 
“Oh no, the patient has passed out. He’s lost too much blood. Hurry, we need to give him a transfusion and maintain his blood flow to the brain!” 
The nurses were immediately alerted by the situation. 
Liang Liang, who had been accompanying and watching over Lu Nanze, reacted at once. He frowned and stared at the unconscious man with worry and uncertainty in his eyes.
###Chapter 1760: He Is Actually Rather Dashing (30) 
Liang Liang had shown up slightly late. 
But it wasn’t his fault. 
He had gone to look for Chief Bai to apply for armed police protection for Lu Nanze. 
But Chief Bai had insisted that no one had filed a police report, that they couldn’t possibly deploy the armed police so arbitrarily. 
Furthermore, he had meaningfully advised the man, “Liang Liang, you’re not a child anymore. Have you thought about family?” 
Thought about what
What was there to think about
He looked lost for a moment as Chief Bai continued, “Anan has liked you for many years. It’s about time you got married. After you get married, it will be the time for me to step down as the chief of police. How about I recommend you as my successor?” 
Liang Liang was taken aback by his words. 
He was with Bai Anan not because he liked her, and definitely not because he had ambitions of becoming chief of police. 
The last thing in his mind had been to take advantage of his relationship with Bai Anan. 
But Chief Bai’s words… they were an insult. 
Furthermore, the fact that Chief Bai would mention this just as he was assembling men to rescue Lu Nanze made it quite clear that it was a threat. 
He knew that in all probability, if he had agreed right then to marry Bai Anan, he would get the armed police support that he needed. But he honestly couldn’t bring himself to agree. 
He had gotten involved with her when Traceless had held Bai Anan hostage. After this episode, Bai Anan had sustained serious injuries and developed post-traumatic stress. He had felt sorry for Bai Anan and, on top of that Bai Anan, had proposed to him. At that point, even Chief Bai had looked for him and pleaded with him to agree to Bai Anan’s request, because the girl trusted only him and no one else. 
He had been placed in a difficult position because it was as if Bai Anan was going to die if he didn’t agree. r. om
Under those difficult circumstances, he had agreed to the engagement. 
But that had been half a year ago. 
He had never really thought of marrying Bai Anan. His intention had been to break up with her eventually, after she recovered. 
Because he could not forget Traceless. 
He had to look for Traceless and ask her about what had happened at the time. He wanted to ask her why she had treated him like that. 
But what did Chief Bai mean by this?! 
Liang Liang spoke up immediately, “Chief Bai, others may not know about the details of this so-called engagement between Anan and I, but surely you are aware?” 
Chief Bai smiled meaningfully and replied, “Exactly. You also know that others are not aware. So if the two of you don’t get married, won’t Anan end up being a laughing stock?” 
Liang Liang’s expression clouded over immediately as he asked, “What do you mean?” 
“Liang Liang, Anan is so devoted to you. Why don’t you just agree? You won’t lose anything if you marry her, will you?” 
Liang Liang looked at Chief Bai steadily. 
He wanted to reject this openly. 
However, he knew that if he rejected the man, Traceless’ case would go to someone else. 
Hence lowering his head, he could only say, “Let me think about it.” 
He quickly turned around and left. 
He did not look for rescue men. Instead, he went to the mountain alone. That was the reason for him being late. 
Of course, when he reached the mountain peak, he saw Lu Nanze jumping off the cliff with a woman. 
That woman… 
Perhaps others wouldn’t know her, but those clothes and that proud demeanor, how could he not recognize her
Traceless. 
Why was Lu Nanze with Traceless
And why had he jumped off the cliff with her?! 
As these thoughts ran through his mind, his eyes, fixed on Lu Nanze, became unfathomable and complex. 
Lu Nanze had once lied to him, saying that Traceless had died. 
He remembered that Lu Nanze had said that he had treated the girl unfairly, that she despised him for it.
###Chapter 1761: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (1) 
So didn’t that mean they already knew each other?! 
Liang Liang clenched his fists tightly as he stared at Lu Nanze. If it weren’t for the fact that the man was unconscious, he would have punched him. 
Did he think it was funny to play with him like this?! 
If he knew Traceless, why hadn’t he reunited them so that they could clear any misunderstanding
Doubt sat uneasily in his mind, as though a cat was clawing at him inside. He couldn’t wait for the man to regain consciousness. 
Very soon, the ambulance arrived at the hospital. Everyone waited anxiously outside the ER. 
Lu Nanze had lost too much blood from the wound in his thigh. The doctors looked grave as he was pushed into the operating room. 
Liang Liang stood outside. There was so much he wanted to say, but couldn’t because Lu Nanze was on the brink of death. 
He drew in a deep breath and started to pace the corridor. After a while, the butler came in a hurry. 
Liang Liang looked at him and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
The butler sighed and said, “The kidnapped woman wasn’t Madam! The lady who helped us wasted her time.” 
The mention of that savior caught Liang Liang’s attention. His pupils shrank back as he turned to the butler and asked, “Who exactly was that woman?” 
The butler looked at Liang Liang with uncertainty and replied, “I don’t know, really. I’ve only seen her today. Sir said something had happened, so I came to help. That girl… sigh!” 
Liang Liang frowned and asked, “Why do you sigh?” 
“I sigh because that lady seems to like our Sir. Otherwise, why would she come over the moment she heard about it? And to think that she risked her safety to rescue our Madam… A heroine like this is quite something. I wonder why Sir has never mentioned her before.” 
Of course he couldn’t mention her. She was Traceless. 
Liang Liang choked up and simply couldn’t come to terms with this information. 
He frowned deeply and lowered his head. After a moment, as though realizing something, he lifted his head to look at the butler and said, “And what about your Madam?” 
The butler shook his head and said, “Our Madam has gone missing. The bodyguards have been looking for her in the mountains for a long time, but they can’t find her.” 
Right after he said this, they heard high heels clicking and the sharp voice of a woman. “What’s happened to Nanze? What have you people been doing? Is that how you look after your boss?” 
When the butler saw the woman, he hung his head immediately and greeted her, “Grandaunt.” 
She was Lu Nanze’s aunt, Lu Qingtian. 
She had always been concerned about Lu Nanze. 
After Lu Nanze’s mother passed away, she had been one of his closest relatives, hence they had a close relationship. 
Since Lu Qingtian was so anxiously asking about him, the butler had no choice but to relate everything that had happened to him. 
Finally, Lu Qingtian said with teary eyes, “Nanze is on the brink of death and where is Qiao Yiyi? Is she alive?” 
There was much animosity in her tone. 
The butler glanced at her and immediately lowered his head again. “We are still looking for her.” 
Lu Qingtian frowned and said furiously, “It’s all her fault!! Why did she get involved with these outsiders? And she dragged our Nanze into the picture! If Nanze doesn’t recover, then she’d better be dead too.”
###Chapter 1762: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (2) 
Qiao Yiyi left the forest, found her sports car and removed her mask after changing. Then she changed into the dress she had been wearing when she had been caught and drove back to Suzhou city. 
As usual, she found a place to park her sports car. She clearly knew that the ambulance that had come to fetch Lu Nanze would take him to the First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University. 
She headed directly into the hospital, asked the receptionist about Lu Nanze’s room and rushed to where he was. 
When she arrived before the operation room, Qiao Yiyi saw the butler, Liang Liang and many others standing there. She slowed down her pace and lowered her head. She acted as if she was panicking and shocked as she ran over. “How- how is Mr. Lu?” 
Three people turned their heads at this question simultaneously. 
The butler looked at Qiao Yiyi directly and frowned. “Oh my, Madam, where did you come from?” 
Qiao Yiyi pretended to be dazed and said, “After- after I was kidnapped, I was thrown into a woodshed. But they didn’t know that there was a dog hole in the woodshed, so I crawled out of it and then I walked to our house.” 
The butler was furious. “Because of you, Sir is now in an awful situation! Do you know that for your sake, Sir- sigh!” 
When the butler was sighing, Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes and acted as if she was a shocked innocent rabbit. “Then how is Mr. Lu now?” 
She was already extremely anxious. 
How many times had she asked?! 
Why was this butler not treating her question as a question?! 
As she had this thought, someone pushed her way over. re?. o
Slap. 
Ruthlessly, a clear slap landed on her face. 
Qiao Yiyi tightened her grip and her face bent to the side. She held the part of her face that had been slapped. As she touched it, she could feel like it was already quite swollen. 
Her pupils shrank slightly and she instantly lowered her head. 
She took a deep breath. 
When Lu Qingtian had come to hit her, she had already sensed it. 
And if she had wanted to dodge it, it would have been a really easy feat. 
But when she had been about to dodge it, she had realized that Liang Liang was standing at the side, staring at her. 
She was instantly stunned. 
If she dodged that slap, wouldn’t she expose her identity to Liang Liang
As she realized this, she instantly suppressed the anger in her and took this slap fully. 
But… 
The moment she touched her face and tasted the blood in her mouth, she couldn’t help cursing to herself*. It’s so f*cking painful!!* 
Not only was she hit, but Lu Qingtian had also grabbed her shoulders, which forced her to lift her head up. Lu Qingtian stared at her with sunken eyes. “B*tch! It’s your fault that Nanze is in this state now! Do you not know how to call back when you escape?! Because you didn’t say a word, it gave others the chance to make use of you and hurt Nanze. You’re really the black sheep of our family! Let me tell you, if anything happens to Nanze, you wait and see how I’ll deal with you.” 
After she said that, she took in many deep breaths. 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
Her phone had been confiscated by those people. If she had really been someone weak and helpless, where would she have been able to find a phone to call? It was already really great that she had been able to return to Suzhou alive. 
But before Qiao Yiyi could speak, the door of the operating room opened suddenly. Lu Nanze came out.
###Chapter 1763: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (3) 
Everyone held their breaths and looked in the same direction unanimously. 
Lu Nanze was lying on the hospital bed, pushed out by the nurse. His face was really pale and it was clear that he had lost too much blood. 
His doctor walked out and looked at the people there. 
Lu Qingtian pushed away Qiao Yiyi, who meant to check on Lu Nanze, and rushed in front of the doctor. “Doctor, how is my nephew? Will anything happen to him?!” 
The doctor turned his head to take a look at Lu Qingtian and spoke, “His life is already out of danger. But since he has lost too much blood, he needs to rest well for some time.” 
Lu Qingtian became anxious. “But why isn’t he awake yet?” 
The doctor didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at her words. “The patient has lost too much blood, he is sleeping after fainting. He needs at least five or six hours before he can wake up.” 
Lu Qingtian then stopped worrying and spoke with red eyes, “My brother only left one son. Nothing can happen to him, or else, the Lu family will have no descendants! Sigh!” 
Doctor: … 
Qiao Yiyi took the chance to look at Lu Nanze. Although his face was ghastly pale, his breathing was uniform. One could tell that he was alright from a look. 
She instantly felt relieved. But the next moment, her gaze fell upon his leg and she softly asked, “Doctor, how is his leg?” 
After the doctor heard her words, he frowned and said, “I was about to talk about this. Although his life is no longer in danger, he might have to rest for about half a year for his leg. He lost too much blood and it won’t be easy for him to recover. Besides that, the leg’s tendon was hurt and it won’t improve any time soon. So all of you have to take good care of him in the future.” 
Lu Wanqing looked as if a bomb had been dropped down from the sky. “Doctor, what did you say?! My nephew’s leg- his leg won’t recover to what it was like before?” 
The doctor sighed. “It’s not that it cannot return to what it was like before, it is that he must take good care of it for it to recover. Some people can recover well and return to normal. Some people don’t recover as well and walk with a limp. But all of this depends on his recovery.” 
Lu Qingtian instantly felt unwell. 
Even Qiao Yiyi frowned and looked at his leg in shock. 
Although she had imagined many dire consequences before reaching the hospital, she had never thought that this was it. 
If one thought about it, it was truly cruel to have a person like Lu Nanze, with such charm, end up being paralyzed on a wheelchair. 
As these thoughts haunted her, the nurse started pushing the bed towards the wards. 
She followed them hurriedly. 
The whole group accompanied Lu Nanze to the VIP ward in grandiose. 
The bed went in first, followed by the doctor, the nurse and then Qiao Yiyi. 
But when Qiao Yiyi pushed the door open, intending to check on Lu Nanze’s leg, Lu Qingtian held her wrist and pushed her out with strong force. 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked. She lifted her head up and found Lu Qingtian staring at her with hatred. “B*tch, are still not satisfied with how much trouble you’ve caused Nanze? You better stay far away! Nanze shouldn’t have married you.” 
After she said so, she went into the ward. 
Looking at her state, the butler sighed deeply. He couldn’t help also scolding Qiao Yiyi, “Do you know that Sir has ended up like this for your sake? But luckily there was that lady who saved us… Forget it, even if you got ten percent of her guts, we would have had to have done immense good in our previous lives!”
###Chapter 1764: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (4) 
After the butler said that, he pushed the door and entered the room. 
Qiao Yiyi stood outside, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. 
She had actually met Lu Qingtian before. 
At the start, when she had just married Lu Nanze, they hadn’t held a wedding ceremony. Lu Qingtian had just rushed into the house and used an extremely picky eye to scrutinize her. 
In the end, she had said things like, “Her butt is too small, she’s kind of too skinny and short. It will affect the growth of the next generation.” 
She grimaced and thought, “Are daughters-in-law now meant for giving birth?” 
Besides that, the gaze Lu Qingtian used to stare at her absolutely didn’t feel like it was being directed at a person. It seemed as if she was scrutinizing an , which made her extremely uncomfortable. 
She stood outside the ward, looking at the door. 
She was quite experienced with outer injuries—perhaps she could even treat it better than the doctors in the hospital. Thus she wanted to enter and take a look at the situation, but now… 
Qiao Yiyi sighed helplessly. At that moment, she heard someone speak beside her. “Don’t be sad, they are just really angry now.” 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked and turned her head. She found Liang Liang, but she had no idea when he had come beside her. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Why did she always feel that Liang Liang treated her differently
She nodded to Liang Liang distantly. Then she took a step back and stared into the ward. 
Now that Lu Nanze was here, she wouldn’t be able to leave. Or else, both the butler and Lu Qingtian would dislike her even more. 
But her face was still hurting really badly. 
Just at that moment, ice wrapped in a towel was handed to her. 
Qiao Yiyi turned her head and saw Liang Liang standing in front of her with the towel in his hand. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi took the towel from him and placed it on her face. Then she thanked him. 
After that, Liang Liang sat beside her and asked, “How did you escape?” ?nr. 
Was he trying to interrogate her now
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and sighed. “I don’t know myself either. After they kidnapped me, I was really afraid. Then they locked me in a room and left. I saw that there was a dog hole on the side, so I squeezed myself through it. Then I ran down the mountain. They threw away my phone, it’s not like I didn’t call home on purpose. I- I really didn’t do it on purpose.” 
Qiao Yiyi made herself sound really pitiful. Liang Liang nodded and patted her shoulder. “It’s alright, don’t worry. Lu Nanze will wake up, he won’t blame you.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Liang Liang stared at her for a while and suddenly spoke, “Do you know who that hero, that girl who saved him, that the butler was speaking about is?” 
Qiao Yiyi instantly widened her eyes, turned her head and looked at Liang Liang. “Who?” 
Seeing her clueless face, Liang Liang sighed and lowered his head. “That was Traceless.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart skipped a beat. 
He had really found out
Just as she was thinking, Liang Liang asked, “Do you know how he knows Traceless? Why did they interact? Why would Traceless appear on that mountain?” 
Qiao Yiyi continued shaking her head and replied, “I have no idea! When have I been able to ask about Mr. Lu’s matters?” 
Since Lu Nanze had kept her from the public, then he should have an explanation for others. This matter should just be left to Lu Nanze.
###Chapter 1765: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (45) 
Qiao Yiyi’s words stunned Liang Liang, he was really speechless. 
In the ward, Lu Qingtian was staring outside. When she saw Liang Liang and Qiao Yiyi whispering, she frowned and asked the butler, “Do they know each other very well?” 
The butler spoke insinuating something, “Mr. Liang seems to have a special feeling for Madam. That day he got drunk, he insisted on Madam talking to him.” 
Lu Qingtian looked speechless. “Does Nanze not care?!” 
The butler laughed bitterly. “Mr. Lu knew but didn’t to it.” 
“This is absolutely nonsense!” Lu Qingtian actually had really strict morals. “No matter what, since she’s married to Nanze, she’ll be Nanze’s for the rest of her life. She’s the Madam of the Lu family. If word spreads out, it’d be terrible! I know that Nanze doesn’t like her, but the woman Nanze likes has already married someone else. How can he still not forget about her?” 
The butler sighed. “I know, right? But I don’t dare to tell Sir that. Yes, Sir seems to be unsatisfied with Madam too.” 
Lu Qingtian frowned. “In a family like ours, if they divorce, it would be really bad for our reputation. Besides that, I think that other than being a little stupid, Qiao Yiyi is actually alright. After teaching her, she might be just fine.” ed. 
The butler was stunned. “Don’t you hate her?” 
Lu Qingtian was also stunned. “Why would I hate her?” 
The butler didn’t speak. 
However, Lu Qingtian instantly understood it and said, “That’s just another matter. Tell me, if someone gets to escape, why wouldn’t they call to inform their family? If she had called to inform, wouldn’t Nanze be safe? But look at how stupid she is!” 
As she said so, she got angry again. 
But after calming down, she started staring at the door again. “Looking closely at this Qiao Yiyi, she actually looks decent. Now that Nanze is injured, do you think asking her to take care of Nanze will spark some feelings between them? Also, it’s not like every relationship needs love. Even if they don’t have feelings for each other, after spending a lot of time together, they will still care for each other.” 
After saying so, she coughed and walked to the door. 
– 
Just as Qiao Yiyi wondered how to get away from Liang Liang and escape, the door was suddenly opened. 
She turned her head immediately and saw Lu Qingtian walking towards her. 
Qiao Yiyi stood up instantly and stared at her warily. 
The woman had just slapped her when she hadn’t been on guard. But she would no longer allow others to touch her. 
If Lu Qingtian still wanted to hit her, she would dodge it. 
As she thought so, Lu Qingtian started speaking in a weird tone, “Nanze is already so sick, but here you are, bantering happily with another man. Qiao Yiyi, do you have a heart?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Hadn’t she banned her from entering
And bantering happily
In what way were they bantering happily?! 
Qiao Yiyi was really speechless, but she couldn’t argue at all. She lowered her head and stood rooted on the spot. 
Lu Qingtian mocked Qiao Yiyi, but she kept silent. Due to her silence, Lu Qingtian felt that it was meaningless. 
But when Liang Liang heard her words, he realized that what he was doing wasn’t appropriate. Thus he took a step backwards and explained, “Aunt Lu, it isn’t what you think, me and her—”
###Chapter 1766: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (6) 
Before he could finish speaking, he suddenly heard a surprised voice from someone not far away, “What is going on between you two? Police Officer Liang, you’re too close to Mrs. Lu! Coming here, I saw how both of you were acting. If I hadn’t known beforehand, I would have thought you were a couple.” 
Everyone turned their heads simultaneously and they saw a woman, who was dressed beautifully and elegantly, walking over. When her gaze fell on Lu Qingtian, one could tell the arrogance it carried. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw her, she immediately frowned. 
Who was this person
Why was she using that tone
If someone who hadn’t known them beforehand heard her, they would have thought that there was something between Liang Liang and her. 
But all they had done was have a short conversation. 
But at that moment, it definitely wasn’t the time for her to speak, she had to hold it in. She had thought at first that she was going to get lectured again, considering how much Lu Qingtian disliked her, but Lu Qingtian sneered and said, “Oh, Zhang Minting, what’s up with that look? We are just explaining to Police Officer Liang what happened, why would you think that? Seriously, now if a man talks to a woman on the street, they are seeing each other? What kind of thinking do you have?” 
Zhang Minting instantly became furious. “Lu Qingtian, what do you mean?” 
“I just said what I meant. Zhang Minting, stop speaking bullsh*t here. You have such a disgusting attitude. Yiyi has done nothing wrong and Police Officer Liang is famous for being a good officer. Don’t impose your filthy thinking on them!” 
Lu Qingtian spoke dominantly. After she said that, Qiao Yiyi lifted her head up in disbelief and looked at Lu Qingtian. 
Hadn’t Lu Qingtian always hated her
Why was she speaking up for her now
But after thinking for a bit, Qiao Yiyi instantly understood. 
She was Mrs. Lu now. If bad rumours about her actually got spread, it would definitely hurt the Lu family’s reputation. 
Hence Lu Qingtian wasn’t protecting her, but the Lu Family. 
But even so, Qiao Yiyi appreciated her kindness. 
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi realized that Lu Qingtian looked like Lu Nanze. Lu Nanze was handsome, and that look of his on Lu Qingtian made her seem slightly more pleasant and slightly less girly. Lu Qingtian then looked like a tough woman. 
Although this tough woman had a straightforward and hot temper and did things as she pleased, she was someone really intelligent. 
She knew exactly when to do what. 
Zhang Minting wasn’t able to beat Lu Qingtian’s wit, so she stomped her feet angrily. “You- you should stop being a busybody! You’re already an old woman that left the Lu family a while ago to get married, but you keep returning to the Lu family. Tell me, is it because you know Lu Nanze doesn’t have any sons? And you have laid your eyes on the Lu family’s inheritance?” 
Lu Qingtian sneered. “I grew up with the Lu family, what’s wrong with me returning home? Zhang Minting, you should stop living in the past and use your rotten ideas to judge others. You should get to know the modern world! Besides that, what I might think is the Lu family’s business. At least my surname is Lu, what about you? What does it have to do with you?” 
Zhang Minting was so angry that she couldn’t speak. After a while, she stomped her foot on the floor and took a glance at the ward. “I was in the hospital and I heard that Lu Nanze was injured, so I came to take a look. Hmph, I’ve already called Tingting. She’ll come to visit Nanze in the afternoon.”
###Chapter 1767: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (7) 
Zhang Minting threw a hostile glance at Qiao Yiyi after she said this. Then she lowered her head and snorted immediately, “We’ll come back in the afternoon!” 
She turned and walked away. 
After Zhang Minting had left, Lu Qingtian spat at her back view and hissed, “So shameless! All those years ago, she shamelessly got into someone else’s bed and, after scoring a legitimate status for herself, now she is making her own daughter walk down the same path. She can dream about pairing Tingting with our Lu Nanze!” 
She felt better after she had rebuked the other woman. But upon turning around and glancing at Qiao Yiyi, she was immediately reminded of Zhang Minting’s daughter, Li Tingting, who had both good looks and a fine carriage. At once, she had a splitting headache. 
How could one even start to compare Qiao Yiyi to the other girl
Lu Qingtian glanced at the ward. 
The doctor had said that it would be another four to five hours yet before he woke up, hence… 
Without hesitating, she grabbed Qiao Yiyi and said, “You come with me.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Without an inkling of what was going on, Qiao Yiyi followed Lu Qingtian as they left the hospital. 
Lu Qingtian took her car and drove them to the nearest mall. 
Upon arriving at the mall, she took Qiao Yiyi to the clothing store. The moment they entered, she immediately instructed an employee with a finger pointing at Qiao Yiyi, “Find her a few suitable dresses. And do her hair.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She started protesting, “Auntie, I—” 
“What do you want to complain about? You call yourself a woman! No wonder after half a year of marriage, Nanze still treats you coldly. I’ve never come across a woman who looks as crude as you!” 
While she was chiding Qiao Yiyi, she frowned and started picking out suitable dresses for the girl. 
One of the employees brought a dress over to show Lu Qingtian. The woman frowned immediately and chided her, “What sort of fashion sense do you have? Can’t you see that she’s already petite? Are you trying to dress her up like a little girl with a cutesy dress? She’s a woman! Here, I’ll do this myself.” 
Lu Qingtian pushed the employee out of the way impatiently and walked around the store looking through the racks. Finally, she picked a slim white lace dress and held it out to Qiao Yiyi, saying, “Try this on, it should look quite good.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Fortunately, the dress had sleeves, otherwise the wound on her shoulder would have been exposed. 
But would she be able to walk wearing such a graceful dress!
As she stood there pondering, Lu Qingtian hollered angrily, “Hurry up! Don’t just stand there staring!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to tell the woman that her nephew was in hospital, to ask her if it was appropriate that she appeared dressed up like this. 
But when she looked at Lu Qingtian, she knew that it wasn’t something she could safely say. She took the dress and headed into the changing room. 
When she walked out of the changing room in the dress, Lu Qingtian looked at the girl and was dazzled. 
Her eyes lit up and, pointing at Qiao Yiyi, she said, “You need to throw out everything that’s in your wardrobe.” 
Then she turned around and said to the employee, “We’ll take all the dresses in this same style that you have, in her size. Send them to the Lu family’s villa and charge it to my account.” 
The attendant nodded and said, “Yes, Madam.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Why did she feel all of a sudden like she was a kept womanin?α. C?
Qiao Yiyi grimaced as she turned to walk back to the changing room. But the woman said, “Don’t change, just keep the dress on! I’d like to see how Tingting attempts to put you down.”
###Chapter 1768: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (8) 
It sounded as though Lu Qingtian was speaking through gritted teeth. i?d. o
Qiao Yiyi did not disobey her. Wearing her new dress, she followed Lu Qiangtian as they walked out of the shop. 
Both of them got into the car. Lu Qiangtian glanced at the girl and ventured, “I suppose you have no idea who Li Tingting is?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded in response. 
Lu Qiangtian continued to stare at the girl. 
Qiao Yiyi did not speak. 
Unable to tolerate the girl any further, Lu Qiangtian continued, “Why are you so slow? At this point, shouldn’t you be asking who Li Tingting is?” 
Qiao Yiyi lifted her gaze and replied, “Oh. So who is Li Tingting?” 
Lu Qingtian: … 
Lu Qiangtian was completely dissatisfied with the girl, so she pointed a finger at the girl’s head in exasperation. “You are really slow! Who is Li Tingting? She’s someone who grew up with Lu Nanze, she also knows Qiao Lian too. She has liked Lu Nanze since they were young! Now that he’s hospitalised, I’m sure she’ll turn up. I’m warning you, you have to take precautions against her, do you hear me?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
“She graduated from a renowned college in America. She’s got great qualities and she’s pretty. She’s even well-networked in our circle, she’s virtually flawless.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
“Say something!” 
Qiao Yiyi replied, “So what?” 
Instantly, Lu Qiangtian felt like she was just wasting her time. “Damn! I’ve said this much and your slow brain is none the wiser. I’m telling you that this girl likes your husband! And she’s excellent.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and explained, “Auntie, I know what you mean. But I’m saying, so what? I’m the actual Madam Lu.” 
Lu Qiangtian halted and thought about it. She couldn’t really argue that point. 
At the same time, she did feel that the remark was rather presumptuous. 
So what if that girl was perfect in every aspect
Qiao Yiyi was the legitimate Madam Lu, and that had nothing to do with outsiders. 
Lu Qiangtian turned back to glance at the girl. Her head was lowered, as though she wasn’t aware of what she had just said. 
The woman couldn’t help but wonder if the old saying was true, that fortune favors the foolish. 
She shook her head, pushed that thought out of her mind and took Qiao Yiyi back to the hospital. 
Lu Nanze had not regained consciousness by the time the two of them were back to the hospital. 
The butler and Liang Liang both stared at the freshly made-up Qiao Yiyi and were somewhat dumbfounded. 
Only Lu Qiangtian chided the girl impatiently, “Your husband is sick. As his wife, what are you standing there for? Hurry up and tend to him.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stumped. Seriously, it was this same woman who hadn’t let her into the ward, and now she was chiding her for standing at the doorway. 
So did she want her in the room, or not
Of course, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t say that aloud. She followed Lu Qiangtian into the room. 
The moment they stepped into the room, they suddenly heard a brisk flurry of footsteps. 
Qiao Yiyi spun around. The door burst open and a raving beauty with large wavy hair and of exquisite beauty immediately strode in. 
When she entered, her eyes were fixed on Lu Nanze as though there was no one else in the world. She dashed up to him and cried, “Second Brother, what happened to you? How did you end up like this?” 
Then her eyes reddened. 
She looked exactly like the sort of pitiful damsel in distress that could stir men’s hearts. 
As this thought crossed Qiao Yiyi’s mind, Li Tingting snapped her head around and demanded, “How did Second Brother end up like this under your care?”
###Chapter 1769: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (9) 
When Li Tingting lifted her gaze, she was immediately stunned into silence. 
Before coming, her mother had said that Madam Lu was an ugly duckling, that she had such a small presence that one wouldn’t even know she was there. 
Hence, she hadn’t bothered to prepare. But unexpectedly, as she looked up at that face… Although she wasn’t wearing makeup, it was clear that the girl had exquisite features. She had the sort of face that could easily withstand scrutiny. 
Seeing that Qiao Yiyi was this pretty made Li Tingting even more envious. 
She drew in a deep breath and said, “I heard what happened. Why didn’t you call home if you had managed to escape? If you had, this wouldn’t have happened to Second Brother. It will be your fault if his leg suffers any side effects from this.” 
Li Tingting narrowed her eyes after she said this. 
She had heard that Lu Qingtian had given Qiao Yiyi a tight slap because of this, so she was quite sure that even if she were to rub salt into the wound, Lu Qingtian wasn’t going to defend the girl. 
But unexpectedly, before Qiao Yiyi could even react, Lu Qingtian spoke. Li Tingting had initially thought she would rebuke Qiao Yiyi, but instead the woman directed her remark at Li Tingting. “I have to say, Tingting, is this the way you speak to your Second Sister-in-law?” 
Li Tingting was stunned. “Second Sister-in-law?” 
Lu Qingtian nodded and continued, “You’re always calling Nanze your Second Brother, so isn’t she your Second Sister-in-law then?” 
Li Tingting almost gagged. 
Lu Qingtian snorted coldly. “Besides, it was a good enough thing that Yiyi was able to escape by herself. She didn’t have a cell phone on her at all, how could she have called Lu Nanze?” 
Li Tingting: …!! 
That wasn’t in the script. Why wasn’t the woman playing along
At this point, they heard a slight movement. All of them turned around simultaneously and found that Lu Nanze had woken up. 
He opened his eyes slowly. The first person he saw was Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi had her hair up in a high ponytail and was dressed in a slim white dress. At a first glance, she looked like Traceless without a mask. 
The man was still in a daze. He immediately extended his hand towards her and said, “You’re here?” 
The familiarity and happiness in his tone took her by surprise. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned for a moment. But in that moment, someone pushed her arm and she was shoved to the side. The person who had shoved her now took her place at the front. “Second Brother, I’m here! How are you? You must be feeling awful.” 
Lu Nanze frowned when he saw Li Tingting and immediately withdrew his hand. But the girl forcefully took it, sighed and said, “I’ve called Qiao Lian to tell her about this.” 
When Lu Nanze heard this, he froze. 
Looking at Li Tingting, he asked, “What did she say?” 
Li Tingting replied, “She said that you should rest well and recuperate. She’s asked me to take good care of you.” 
The man fell silent at once. 
So it seemed that she did care about him still. 
But what was the use of showing concern like this
There was so much physical distance between them. 
Besides, she had to stay at home after childbirth, so it wasn’t possible for her to visit. 
At this thought, Lu Nanze lowered his gaze and fell into deep thought. 
Li Tingting got to her feet and said at this point, “Second Brother, I know you’ve always been particular about cleanliness. Why don’t I get some water and help you clean up?”
###Chapter 1770: It Is Hard to Speak of One’s Troubles (10) 
After saying that, Li Tingting got to her feet and looked at Qiao Yiyi, telling the girl, “Hey you, go get some water.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi turned to stare at Lu Nanze. 
He was lying back peacefully, as though he had accepted Li Tingting’s suggestion. 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt an odd surge of inexplicable jealousy. 
The bastard. He had obviously been flirting with her when they were at the foot of the cliff. But now
He was allowing some other woman to wipe his body
This was simply… inconceivable. 
Qiao Yiyi snorted coldly. 
She turned and went to fill a basin with water. Then she brought the basin to Li Tingting. 
She stood on the side, cursing in silence. The bastard. 
– 
In fact, Lu Nanze had not actually heard what Li Tingting had said. His mind was filled with questions around Qiao Lian and how she was doing. 
In the process, he also realized that the mention and the thought of Qiao Lian was no longer as painful for him as it had once been. In fact, he was quite glad to know she was doing well. 
Perhaps some feelings would never disappear, but merely fade or gradually turn into something different with time. 
Hence now, he no longer had that deep obsession over Qiao Lian. 
On the contrary, his vision was filled with images of a masked face. 
The corners of his mouth would inevitably curve into an unconscious smile whenever he thought of Traceless. 
That stubborn and cranky girl. He wondered if there was a way to tame her. 
But when Qiao Yiyi spotted that smile on his face, she got even more furious. 
He was smiling because Li Tingting was about to clean his body. 
The pervert. . 
Qiao Yiyi was on the verge of exploding yet she still had to look timid. 
At the same time, she was feeling terribly jealous. 
Go ahead if you want to let another woman wipe your body! 
In any case, she would never do it. 
She snorted indignantly and stood aside, refusing to say a thing. 
Li Tingting took the towel, wetted it and walked to Lu Nanze’s bedside. Just as she was about to start wiping him down, Lu Qingtian suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
Li Tingting was taken aback as Lu Qingtian smiled frostily at her and spoke,”Tingting, you’re a big girl now. There has to be an appropriate distance between you and your Second Brother, isn’t it so? Besides, wiping his body is a tiring and dirty job, it’s not suitable for a precious lady.” 
She took the towel from Li Tingting, shoved it towards Qiao Yiyi and said, “Yiyi, don’t just stand there frozen like a fool. Can’t you see that Nanze doesn’t like being dirty? He can’t move now, and you are in a way the cause for all this. It’s your job to take good care of him!” 
Although she had used a reprimanding tone, she quickly grabbed Qiao Yiyi and, without saying another word, shoved her right in front of the man. 
Li Tingting: … 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the towel in her hand and then at Lu Nanze, who was still grinning like a fool. At once, she choked with rage. 
Damn it! 
She, Traceless, had been a proud woman all her life. Why should she be wiping a man’s body?! 
She turned around and looked at Lu Qingtian. “Auntie, I—” 
Before she could finish speaking, Lu Qingtian interrupted her, “What now? Don’t tell me you don’t know how to do it! And even if you don’t, you have to learn. There will be many more occasions where you’ll need to look after him! I suggest you start by carefully removing his clothes.”
###Chapter 1771: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (1) 
Remove his clothes
She suddenly felt slightly awkward. 
Grimacing, she looked at the man on the bed. 
Lu Nanze was quite weak at this moment and it was easy to feel sorry for him. 
Why take a sick man so seriously
She slightly twitched her lips at this point and inched forward. 
As she came up to the man, he seemed to suddenly come back to his senses. He looked at her with disdain in his eyes and asked, “What do you want?” 
Qiao Yiyi replied, “I have to remove your clothes.” 
“Leave.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
What the hell? Do you think I’m dying to do it? Besides, you didn’t make such a big deal out of it when Li Tingting was the one going to remove your clothes. 
Did that mean that he actually had some interest in Li Tingting
Silently critical, she straightened up, looked at Lu Qingtian innocently and said, “Auntie, since Mr. Lu doesn’t want it, then—” 
“He doesn’t want it?” Lu Qingtian took a step towards him, glared at him and asked, “You really don’t want to change into a new set of clothes?” 
Frowning, he insisted, “There’s no need—” 
Before he could finish speaking, Lu Qingtian sighed and continued, “You’ve been wearing these clothes since before you went up to the mountains. The injuries and falling off a cliff aside, eventually, after you were injured, a lot of people touched you. In such hot weather, everyone’s sweat is probably on your clothes. Are you sure you don’t want to change out of them?” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
The thought of so many hands touching him made him feel quite sick. 
Frowning deeply, he struggled to sit up and said, “Get out, all of you. I’ll change myself.” 
Lu Qingtian said, “Sure, we can go outside. But first try to move your leg.” 
Upon hearing this, Lu Nanze shifted his gaze to his thigh. He tried to move it slightly and realized only then that he could feel nothing on that leg. 
When they had tended to his wound in a hurry, they had cut through his clothing. 
Now that leg was basically naked, covered only in bandages. 
He paused and muttered, “What’s the matter?” 
“What’s the matter? It has been anesthetized. Also, you’ve lost too much blood, it’s normal that your leg isn’t doing what you want it to. You’re better off resting and taking it easy! How are you going to change by yourself?” 
Then she turned and looked at Li Tingting. “Tingting, your Second Brother needs to change. I think you need to leave the room and wait outside for a bit. Let your Second Sister-in-law change him and then after that you can come back in.” 
Li Tingting choked and said, “But Auntie, Second Sister-in-law won’t be able to handle it alone. I can stay and—” 
“Silly girl, you are an unmarried girl. Why would you want to look at a man’s body? Now get out, hurry! It’s for your own good.” nr. o
On that note, she grabbed Li Tingting and forcefully kicked her out of the ward. 
Bam! The ward door slammed shut. Instantly, there were only Qiao Yiyi and Lu Nanze left in the room. 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi had always been more casual in Lu Nanze’s presence. 
Furthermore, the last time she was injured, she had seen much more of Lu Nanze than this, so now… 
She glanced at Lu Nanze. 
Fine, forget it. 
Why make things complicated with a sick person
Hence, she approached the man and lifted his blanket. She extended her arm and started to undo his buttons. 
Right then, he suddenly grabbed her by her wrist.
###Chapter 1772: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (2) 
Qiao Yiyi paused and looked up at Lu Nanze, who said to her, “I’ll do it myself.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She stepped aside, crossing her arms on her chest, and eyed him in cold elegance. 
Lu Nanze first removed his shirt and then attempted to remove his trousers. 
He unbuckled his belt and spent some effort trying to remove his clothes. However, because his other leg was numb, this became a difficult operation. 
He frowned and tried for a while. 
He didn’t manage to remove it. 
In addition to that, the pants had already been cut during the operation. His struggle only served to tangle the clothing further, there was no chance of removing it. 
Furrowing his brow, Lu Nanze stubbornly persisted. 
Qiao Yiyi could not stand it anymore and stepped towards him. She grabbed the fabric he was holding and said, “Let me help you.” 
The man tightened his grip on the piece of clothing, refusing to let go. 
Qiao Lian was dumbstruck by his behavior. 
This was the first time she saw such an adorable side to this man—a stubbornness and spoiled behavior that came from god-knew-where. It tickled her immensely. 
Unable to stop herself from smiling in amusement, she said at once, “Mr. Lu, the way you’re doing this, I’m afraid nothing will come out of your effort. Just let me help you.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Then man contemplated it for a brief moment and finally relented. 
Hence he released the garment and, at once, reached for the blanket to cover his own body. 
Including his light gray boxers. 
Qiao Yiyi exploded in laughter inside. Hadn’t he been acting so grandly when he had dressed her wound
But now he wouldn’t let a woman look at his body
So it was true, men could be terribly awkward if they wanted. 
She lowered her head at this thought and tidied up his messy trousers. Then she tossed the piece of clothes aside. At the same time, she fished a towel out of the basin and looked at the man, asking, “Mr. Lu, are you ready? Can I help you clean up now?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze extended his hand and said, “Let me do it myself.” in. 
Qiao Yiyi did not insist. She passed the towel to the man. 
She stood aside in a calm and composed manner, enjoying the view of his body. 
His firm musculature glistened like warm honey under the light. It was obvious he practiced martial arts or trained in the gym frequently. He had maintained his body even after cutting ties with the world of organized crime. 
He had the sort of body that looked slim when dressed but muscular when stripped to his bare flesh. It made Qiao Yiyi drool. 
When she had dated Liang Liang, she had promised her mother that she would not remove her mask in front of him before they were properly married. 
Hence when they were together, the most they had ever done was hold hands. 
That had made it even harder for her to see Liang Liang’s body. 
So this was the first time she was staring straight at a man like this. 
She continued to stare at him, mesmerized. 
Until Lu Nanze stared back at her and smirked. “Are you done watching?” 
She replied, still in a daze, “Yes, I’m done—” 
Before she could finish speaking, she suddenly snapped back to her senses. At once, she lowered her head and put on a panicky expression. 
Lu Nanze gave a frosty laugh, held the towel out to her and said, “Rinse this out for me.” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately took the towel from him, rinsed it a few times and returned it to him. Then she watched him trying to wipe his back, but the moment he extended his arm, it tightened the skin around his wound and it was so painful the man could hardly continue.
###Chapter 1773: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (3) 
He fell silent for a moment and then tried again. 
Still couldn’t do it. 
Finally, he shifted his gaze to Qiao Yiyi. 
She pursed her lips and stood there without saying anything. 
But deep inside, she was gleeful. 
So now he couldn’t clean himself
A moment ago he had been acting as though she would give him the plague, so now she wasn’t going to be the one to offer. 
She stood there, looking calm and composed, as she stared at Lu Nanze, and even ventured to suggest, “Mr. Lu, your back- Just near your waist, there’s a bit of dirt.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
That was the hardest part for him to reach. 
He frowned. 
He hadn’t intended for Qiao Yiyi to help him clean up. But after all, he wasn’t attracted to her. Besides, now that he had some feelings for Traceless, how could he let another woman touch him
But strangely, when he lifted his head, he suddenly caught a flash of a sarcastic smile on Qiao Yiyi’s face. 
The smirk was subtle and it was gone in the blink of an eye. The next moment, she was back to looking the way she always did. 
But he could have sworn he had seen that smirk clearly. 
Was the girl scorning him
That was impossible. 
With her timid personality… but if it hadn’t been a smirk, then his eyes must have been playing tricks. 
He frowned and, for the first time, took a serious look at this girl, sizing her up. 
She was dressed differently today, which made her look less like a country bumpkin and less timid. Standing there silently, he could have been fooled into thinking she was the daughter of a wealthy family. 
Except that for some strange reason, her mousy and timid demeanor seemed to sit awkwardly on her. 
Just like… she actually had no fear of him. 
For instance now, even a housemaid or nurse would have said something or offered help when seeing that he had trouble wiping his own back. 
But Qiao Yiyi just stood there in silence, like a block of wood. 
Was she really that slow and couldn’t think
Or was she putting up an act
Once this thought occurred to him, he found himself stuck with it. 
He narrowed his eyes and looked at Qiao Yiyi through a squint. Then he snorted without another word. He carelessly wiped down his back and tossed the towel back at her. 
He had to be overthinking. 
He had made a thorough investigation of her background before marrying her. 
Although her parents were divorced, her mother had been living in another city for many years, working as a kindergarten teacher. Qiao Yiyi had always been a timid and strange person. 
How could a woman like her be so petty
He shook his head and wondered if he was possessed. 
Then he lay back in bed and shut his eyes. 
Qiao Yiyi did nothing to help him, even though she had witnessed how poor his washing had been. She merely took the towel and basin back to the bathroom. When she returned, she saw that the man had fallen asleep. 
She sat on the sofa in silence. 
After a moment, there was a sound outside. 
Lu Nanze’s eyeballs moved subtly, but he did not open them. 
Honestly, he just wanted a moment of peace and didn’t feel like facing Li Tingting. 
He could have asked the girl to go away, but they were childhood friends. So for the sake of Qiao Lian, he didn’t wish to be too harsh on the girl. 
Hence, why not pretend to be sleeping? Ignoring her should do the trick.
###Chapter 1774: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (4) 
It should do the trick. 
But Lu Nanze had underestimated how thick-skinned a girl could be. 
Li Tingting came back into the room with Lu Qiangtian. Seeing that the man had his eyes closed, the latter asked Qiao Yiyi softly, “Fallen asleep again?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
He had been silent ever since he had finished washing up a while ago, so he must have fallen asleep. 
Lu Qiangtian continued in a low voice, “I’ve asked the butler to buy some food. It’s not been easy for you to take care of him.” 
The moment she said this, Li Tingting added with awkward sarcasm, “If it weren’t for her, Second Brother wouldn’t have ended up like this. Auntie Lu, you’re being too polite!” 
Lu Qiangtian frowned and said, “Tingting, this is our family’s business, you shouldn’t meddle. And since Nanze is asleep, I suggest you leave for today.” 
Li Tingting immediately retorted, “Auntie Lu, I know it isn’t appropriate for me to be here, but you’ve seen for yourself that you can’t handle it alone. It’s better that I stay to help you.” 
Lu Qingtian replied, “I’m fine doing this by myself, I really don’t need help.” 
“Well then, I still want to watch over Second Brother until he’s fine. This is what I’d like to do for him as a friend. Aunty, I’m sure you will grant me this simple request?” 
Lu Qingtian: … 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
That was a real display of how shameless the girl could get. 
Lu Nanze hadn’t really spoken much to her, but she still insisted on staying
Qiao Yiyi grimaced and got to her feet. “Aunty, I’ll go and see if the food has been delivered.” 
Lu Qingtian nodded. n?ea. 
As she walked out of the room, she heard Li Tingting complaining, “Second Brother is in such a state and food is all she thinks about! Does she even care?” 
Lu Qingtian snorted icily and replied, “Do you expect her to look after Nanze on an empty stomach? It’s at any rate better than people who just talk and do nothing.” 
Li Tingting tried to defend herself. “Aunty, that wasn’t what I meant. I—” 
Qiao Yiyi did not hear what was said after that. 
She waited for a while in the corridor until she saw the butler approaching with a food box. 
Together with the butler, she returned to the room. 
Everyone’s eyes were on the bag the butler was holding. 
Li Tingting spoke first, “I’m not leaving today. So is there dinner for me too?” 
Everyone: … 
Seeing that there was only food for two, Qiao Yiyi said, “Aunty, I can eat something else. You and Miss Li can have this food.” 
That would give her a chance to get some air. 
However to her surprise, Lu Qingtian got on her feet at once and said, “It’s alright, it’s better if you stay. I’ll eat out. Anyway, I might get better food outside.” 
Then she stared fiercely at Qiao Yiyi and pinched the girl on the arm, giving her an eye signal that she wanted to have a chat outside. 
Qiao Yiyi was clueless, but followed Lu Qingtian out of the room. Outside, the woman reprimanded her, “Why are you being so silly? Huh? Don’t you know that Li Tingting is interested in Lu Nanze? I’m warning you, you’d better watch over him these few days. You can’t go anywhere else! This is to prevent Li Tingting from taking any opportunities.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi winced and nodded. 
Exasperated with how slow the girl was, she said, “Can’t you react with a little more? Talking to you is exhausting to say the least! You blockhead.”
###Chapter 1775: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (5) 
Qiao Yiyi replied, “Aunty, I understand.” 
Lu Qingtian: … 
Why was talking to the girl just so draining
She looked at Qiao Yiyi, unconvinced. “Are you sure you understand?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Lu Qingtian: … 
Lu Qingtian sighed again and said, “I can only help you this much, the rest is up to you!” 
Then she turned around and walked away with the butler. 
There was no use in her watching over Li Tingting. 
If Lu Nanze woke up and needed to go to the toilet, as his aunt, it wasn’t appropriate for her to help. Only Qiao Yiyi could look after him. 
That shameless little b*tch Li Tingting certainly wouldn’t hesitate to offer her help. 
At this thought, she raised her hand to her temple in an unconscious attempt to soothe her throbbing head. Why was everyone in this family causing her so much worry
Qiao Yiyi stood there, watching the helpless Lu Qingtian walk away. She found it funny. 
In the past, she had thought that this aunt was rather unreliable, considering the tight slap she had given her. But the woman seemed to be quite adorable. 
At least, she had her values right. 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head and returned to the ward. 
There was a small dining table on the side and Li Tingting had already lay the food out on it. 
The two portions of rice had been placed separately. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her eyebrow. She was surprised that Li Tingting would actually dine with her. 
Qiao Yiyi walked over and sat down. 
The next moment, she grimaced. 
The food delivered by the butler was certainly enough for them. Even as takeout, it was nutritious enough. 
However, there were only two portions of rice. That was why there wasn’t enough for Lu Qingtian, otherwise all three of them could have had enough to share. 
But… 
All the meat dishes were on Li Tingting’s side of the table, and all the vegetables were on Qiao Yiyi’s side of the table. 
Furthermore, the food hadn’t been divided according to quantity, but size. 
For example, there were only two abalones. 
One of them now sat on top of Li Tingting’s ball of rice, while the other was next to her, as though she had reserved it for herself. 
As if that wasn’t bad enough, there was a meatball and, since the meatball was huge, there was only one. It looked like Li Tingting had no intention of sharing that with her at all. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at this with a frown and Li Tingting said, “I like meat, so you can have the vegetables. Anyway, the meat would just be a waste on you.” 
Li Tingting was implying that she was skinny. 
But was it her fault that she just couldn’t put on weight
Regardless, what sort of lousy excuse was this
Merely because she seemed like a timid person in the Lu family, this woman was treating her like a weakling, now brazenly and boldly making fun of her. 
Her eyes flashed angrily as she quickly lowered her head. 
So she thinks I am an easy pushover
Qiao Yiyi did not say a word and just lowered her head, staring at her cell phone in silence. 
Bored, especially given that she was having dinner with Qiao Yiyi, Li Tingting attempted to find some entertainment by provoking the other girl. Since the latter was staring at her cell phone, she smirked and asked, “What are you looking at?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked up and replied, “Nothing much.” 
She seemed a little afraid. 
Li Tingting smiled frostily and continued, “You must be reading entertainment news? People like you only use your cell phones to do things like that. I do suggest that you read a good book or two when you get the chance. For example—”
###Chapter 1776: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (6) 
As Li Tingting spoke, she tried to peer over Qiao Yiyi’s cell phone. 
This made Qiao Yiyi very nervous suddenly and she immediately covered her phone, saying, “No, nothing. I wasn’t looking at anything important.” 
That guilty behavior successfully piqued Li Tingting’s interest. 
She snorted and lunged forward, demanding, “What exactly are you looking at? Let me have a look too!” 
“No, no, I can’t.” Her timid tone and mousy expression immediately agitated Li Tingting into thinking that the girl was completely hopeless. 
She leaned forward and insisted, “Show me!” 
Qiao Yiyi covered the cell phone with her hand and stammered, “No, no, I can’t.” 
But she was growing weaker. 
It seemed like she only needed to push the girl one more time for her to cave. 
Li Tingting smirked and said, “Oh, you can’t be looking at porn, can you? Your secretive attitude tells me that you’re up to something.” 
After saying this, she turned icy and shouted at Qiao Yiyi, “Give it to me!” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Lu Nanze, who was lying in bed, remained sleepless from excessive sleep after the operation. 
Hence, he could very clearly hear the conversation between the two women. 
Li Tingting was such sc*mbag, taking all the meat for herself just because she liked meat. However, it wasn’t a big deal if Qiao Yiyi only ate the vegetables. 
Anyway, it was none of his business. 
He continued to lie in bed as these thoughts crossed his mind, but he did not interfere in the argument the girls were having. 
But what was this situation now
Did this girl not know how to retaliate against an attack
Lu Nanze despised her passive nature. 
He thought that the sarcastic smirk he had seen had just been his imagination. 
This woman was so dumb, how could she be playing tricks on him
The corners of his lips curved up in disdain, instantly feeling that his initial intention of marrying an obedient woman still served him well. 
At the very least, if he were to ask for a divorce, the girl wouldn’t dare defy him. 
At this point, he heard Li Tingting hiss, unable to resist it anymore. 
Lu Nanze frowned. 
Even if he did not like this woman, he felt uncomfortable about his wife being criticized like this. 
Annoyed, he drew in a deep breath and opened his eyes to look at the two girls impatiently. 
He saw Li Tingting extending her arm and forcefully snatching Qiao Yiyi’s cell phone from her. Smirking, she lowered her head to look at the phone and said, “I, for one, am curious to see what it is you’re looking at.” 
Lu Nanze frowned and, just as he opened his mouth to speak, Li Tingting’s expression suddenly changed. 
Standing by the side, Qiao Yiyi explained in a barely-noticeable timid voice, “I- I was looking at information on the food’s safety. It- it’s says that some rotten meat was used to produce these meatballs. A recent batch of rotten human meat was used for meatballs, distributed throughout the country. So that meatball, being so fresh and tender, could it be—” 
Before she could finish, Li Tingting could not take it anymore. She immediately covered her mouth, dashed off to the washroom and started retching. 
After Qiao Yiyi did this, she quietly sat down and continued with her dinner.
###Chapter 1777: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (7) 
But Lu Nanze saw her place the meatball in her bowl and start eating it with gusto. 
As she ate, she even lifted her head up to glance at the bathroom. At that moment, her usually dazed eyes were gleaming with a sly shine. 
Then she curved her lips into a smile that was really familiar, but he couldn’t put his finger on where he had seen it. 
That look of hers truly made her look a little sly fox. 
Lu Nanze’s irises swelled, he was shocked. 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi and suddenly realized that he didn’t know much about his wife. 
He narrowed his eyes and stared at her, halting what he had been about to do. He looked in her direction with curiosity and eyes narrowed, so she wouldn’t realize that he was already awake. 
Qiao Yiyi would have never thought that Lu Nanze would fake being asleep. 
At least one hour had passed since he had last moved. 
How bored must a man be for him to fake being asleep for an hour
At that moment, she was enjoying the delicious food on the table while looking at the bathroom. 
After a while, Li Tingting returned and when Qiao Yiyi saw her, she instantly waved to her. “You’re out.” 
Li Tingting: … 
Li Tingting walked over and sat down. When she saw that almost all the food on the table seemed to have been finished by Qiao Yiyi, she instantly frowned and asked, “How do you still have the appetite to eat it?” 
Qiao Yiyi lifted her head up in confusion. She went back to using her weak and innocent gaze. “Why wouldn’t I have the appetite?” 
Li Tingting: … 
Li Tingting replied, “That article just now—” 
“Ah, you mean that article that said there might be human meat in the meatball? I just ate one and it tastes so fresh and delicious.” 
Before she could finish speaking, Li Tingting felt disgust surge up in her again. She instantly stood up and rushed into the bathroom. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at her and laughed. 
Their meal just ended like that. 
As Qiao Yiyi ate, she was so happy and energetic, like there wasn’t anyone around. It stunned Lu Nanze. 
This person was truly like a little fox! 
He remembered today, when he hadn’t been able to clean his back by himself, how Qiao Yiyi had just stood there and acted as if she saw nothing. 
At first, he had wondered if the mockery that had flashed through Qiao Yiyi’s eyes was real at all, but now that he recalled it… he realized that he had been really blind. 
Qiao Yiyi had quite deep thoughts and was really scheming. He had just wanted an obedient and good wife, so she had put on a show and hidden her real self. Why had she wanted to marry him
What was her motive
Lu Nanze was instantly cautious of her. The gaze that he used to stare at Qiao Yiyi was full of judgement and importance, something that he had never used to look at her with. 
It seemed like he would have to ask the butler to do a thorough background check. 
What exactly was up with her
As Lu Nanze had these thoughts, Li Tingting finally gave up eating. After the two women cleared the dining table, Li Tingting finally sat on the sofa, drained of energy. 
She pointed at Qiao Yiyi and said, “You, go pour a cup of water for me.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
At that moment, Lu Nanze suddenly gained even more interest in Qiao Yiyi. 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi, wanting to know what she would do. 
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and thought, “Seriously, does she think I’m her maid?”
###Chapter 1778: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (8) 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes, her eyes flashing, and nodded. 
She walked to the side and took a disposable cup, filling it with warm water. 
Qiao Yiyi looked back at Li Tingting. She twitched her mouth and replaced half of the hot water in the cup with cold water. 
After that, she walked over and said nervously, “M- Miss Li, here’s some water.” 
But she then tripped over her own feet, losing balance and falling towards Li Tingting. 
She instantly reached out for the coffee table beside her for support, so that she wouldn’t fall too badly. 
However… 
The cup in her hands just flew ahead. 
Woosh. 
The water in the cup was splashed all over Li Tingting’s face. 
Water instantly rolled down her face and wet Li Tingting’s clothes. 
It was summer and, naturally, they were wearing thin clothes. In addition, Li Tingting was donned in a white shirt which, after getting wet, stuck to her body and made her look exceptionally pathetic. 
She stood up angrily, but as she hadn’t had dinner yet, her body was slightly weak. She pointed her finger at Qiao Yiyi and said, “You- you-” 
Qiao Yiyi waved her hand at once. “Sorry, sorry. I didn’t mean it, I am really sorry. Are you ok? I will help you clean up.” 
Lu Nanze watched the scene coldly, but sneered to himself. 
Qiao Yiyi was really good at acting dumb and using it as a facade to fight back. 
Seeing what she has just done, how could she even be considered a coward
Li Tingting had merely instructed her to pour her a glass of water, yet she had managed to retaliate like this—she was not to be belittled. 
However luckily, she was not vicious to the point he couldn’t accept it. After all, she had replaced the boiling hot water with warm water instead. 
As Lu Nanze thought so, he mocked her with nonchalance. 
This woman was maybe slightly smart. 
As for hiding her real self and marrying him, she might have just laid her eyes on his money
Such a fake woman… it really was disgusting. 
Lu Nanze, who originally hadn’t had any opinion about Qiao Yiyi, couldn’t help beginning to dislike her. 
In his life, he hated liers the most. 
As he thought so, Lu Nanze lowered his eyes. He didn’t speak and didn’t continue observing as well. 
Regardless, what did Qiao Yiyi’s personality have to do with him
They were going to get divorced sooner or later. 
With this thought, he lowered his eyelids, turned his head over and looked out of the window. 
Where was Traceless now? What was she doing
Was she worried about him
The moment he thought about it, he suddenly wasn’t able to suppress it any longer. 
Before leaving, he had told her to try it out with him. He wondered if she had heard it. 
And if she had, how would she reply
As he thought about it, Lu Nanze couldn’t help but feel uneasy. 
Traceless had been with Liang Liang. Although it hadn’t been for a long time, was she capable of letting him go still
While Lu Nanze was deep in thought, someone opened the door. 
They all turned to look at the same time and saw Liang Liang standing by the door. “Lu Nanze is awake, right? Can both of you get out then? I have some personal matters to ask him about.”
###Chapter 1779: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (9) 
Even if Liang Liang hadn’t entered, Li Tingting could also not stay any longer. 
She hadn’t even eaten dinner, yet she had vomited so much. Besides that, her clothes were wet. She had to return home, change her clothes and rest. 
At this thought, Li Tingting pressed down the anger in her and nodded to Liang Liang. Before walking out of the door, she turned around and glanced fiercely at Qiao Yiyi. 
Only after Li Tingting had left did Qiao Yiyi turn her head to take a glance at the two people and slowly walked out. 
When she was at the door, Lu Nanze suddenly narrowed his eyes. He stopped faking to be asleep and suddenly said, “Qiao Yiyi.” nr. o
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks. 
Lu Nanze spoke again, “Go home and bring some things for me.” 
That look of his… It was obvious that he wanted Qiao Yiyi to leave the hospital, in case she overheard their conversation. 
If Qiao Yiyi couldn’t even tell that from his words, she would be really stupid. 
Her lips instantly curved into a nonchalant smile, her expression was still really calm. “Ok, what do you want me to get?” 
“Pyjamas. I’m not used to the clothes from the hospital.” 
“Uh huh.” 
After their exchange, Qiao Yiyi walked out. 
She then closed the door and obediently went downstairs. 
When she reached the first floor, she walked out of the hospital and found her sports car quickly. 
Then she quickly changed into Traceless’ clothes. 
Suck that! 
She wondered what they were saying that she wasn’t allowed to hear. 
But the more they didn’t want her to hear, the more she wanted to know. 
Qiao Yiyi laughed softly, came out of the car quickly and went into the darkness. 
Since his room was on the third floor, Qiao Yiyi jumped through air-conditioning units and balconies to reach his window. 
Then she climbed onto the window and listened, hidden. 
As her movements were too fast and the two men inside were immersed in their thoughts, contemplating how to speak up, they didn’t realize when she climbed up. The moment she reached the window sill, she heard Liang Liang ask, “Was the person who fell down with you Traceless?” 
Although it was a question, his tone made it sound like a definite sentence. 
When Lu Nanze heard his words, he plainly lifted his head and took a glance at Liang Liang. Then he said, “Since you already know, why are you asking?” 
Liang Liang was agitated by his casual attitude. He instantly took a step forward and grabbed Lu Nanze. “Don’t speak so casually. You know that Traceless and I- If you knew about her, why didn’t you tell me?!” 
Hearing his words, Lu Nanze lifted his head to look at him again and then said, “What’s up between you and Traceless?” 
Liang Liang: … 
Liang Liang wouldn’t believe for a second that Lu Nanze hadn’t heard their story. However he had still shamelessly asked about it. 
Liang Liang felt something stuck in his heart and there was unexplainable sadness. 
He took in a deep breath and replied, “I dated Traceless.” 
Lu Nanze asked, “Are both of you still dating?” 
“No, we’ve broken up, but—” 
“Isn’t that alright, then? I know so many people from that world, am I supposed to tell you every team I hear from each one of them? If that was the case, would I even still be alive?” 
Liang Liang: … 
He actually didn’t have anything to counter Lu Nanze’s weird reasons. 
Lu Nanze’s identity was indeed unique. As a person who had gone from illegal business to being an honest businessman, he had to ensure his previous friends wouldn’t be worried, and that his friends in the legitimate and open industry wouldn’t be afraid of him. Thus it had always been hard on him. 
He then heard Lu Nanze ask, “So can you tell me about what exactly happened between you and Traceless?”
###Chapter 1780: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (10) 
When Qiao Yiyi, who was standing at the window, heard those words, she couldn’t help but sneer. 
Her lips curved into a mocking smile. 
She lay there and laughed at the situation, her heart filled with sweetness. 
Lu Nanze had never been a busybody, he had especially no interest in Liang Liang’s love life. Thus he had never asked about it before. 
But today he suddenly asked about it. 
He probably wanted to know about her past. 
As she thought so, Qiao Yiyi tilted her head. She couldn’t help but broke into a smile. 
Lu Nanze was really kind of cute. r. 
But her past with Liang Liang… 
“The things that happened between us are too complex. I don’t know how to start.” Liang Liang didn’t want to talk about his relationship, so he just briefly glossed over it. 
He didn’t expect that Lu Nanze would say, “You can start from the time both of you met.” 
When they met
Liang Liang was stunned. 
How had they met
The memories slowly flashed before him. 
He remembered that he had been young and energetic then, when he had heard about the famous Traceless. However, no one else in the industry had been able to catch her. They couldn’t even get any news about the alive Traceless. 
Hence, he had decided to chase her. 
Until he finally saw her on a stealing mission. 
She had a small skinny figure. It looked as if it belonged to a young girl, seventeen or eighteen years old. She might even be younger than that. 
If there was a first time, there would be a second. 
He purposely pretended to be her online customer and, after queuing for really long, he managed to contact Traceless. 
He still remembered the first time they conversed online. She was really distant and cold, going straight to the point. 
[Traceless: Steal what?] 
When he saw the word “steal,” he knew that this woman was shameless. 
If she was able to say that word as if there was nothing wrong with it, she really had no morals. 
He set up a trap. 
He asked Traceless to go to his house and steal a jade for the price of ten thousand. 
Liang Liang was also from a rich family, or else he wouldn’t have known Lu Nanze. 
The security in his house was really tight, he thought that Traceless wouldn’t be able to succeed in stealing from his house. 
Furthermore, he had put up many anti-theft systems in his house so he would be able to catch her. 
That night he stayed at home the whole time, waiting for her. 
At two in the morning, there were finally movements outside. 
He ran out hurriedly and, after following the movements, he realized that he had fallen into Traceless’ trick to mislead him. 
Thus he returned quickly to the room where the jade was kept. Then he realized there was nothing on the table anymore. 
The jade was gone. 
Traceless had really been too fast, there wasn’t any trace in the room. 
But… 
As an outstanding police officer, Liang Liang immediately reacted, ran to the windows and jumped down from it, chasing her. 
When he arrived at his doorstep, he saw a sports car drive past his house at a really high speed. 
He entered his own car and chased after it. 
As he chased her, Traceless’ car went further and further away, slowly mixing into all the other cars, and it was about to disappear from Liang Liang’s sight. However, he suddenly saw a child crossing the road at a red light. The child’s mother was using her phone and didn’t realize it at all.
###Chapter 1781: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (11) 
In that instant, Liang Liang’s heart skipped a beat 
He wanted to stop the car, but it was too late. 
He stepped on the emergency break and turned the car, but everything was happening too fast. 
Just at that split second, a sports car appeared and hit his. Liang Liang’s car was smashed directly onto an electric pole on the side. 
Liang Liang was dizzy due to the collision, but he had managed to prevent hitting the kid. 
Liang Liang frowned and realized that the sports car that had just collided with him was Traceless’. 
He quickly stuck his head out and saw that Traceless’ car had been damaged due to the hit. 
She got out with the mask on her face and checked her car with a frown. 
Liang Liang didn’t know what to think either. He somehow got out of his car and walked to the front of her car. 
No matter how good Traceless was, she wasn’t good at everything. She had completely no idea how to fix a car. 
When she saw Liang Liang get out of his car, she looked at him with a raised brow, absolutely fearless. 
Liang Liang stood before Traceless and she said, “Did you come to catch me?” 
Liang Liang didn’t know what to say at that instant. 
In order not to raise any suspicions, he was donned in casual attire. Traceless shouldn’t have known that he was a police officer. 
But Liang Liang also knew that if Traceless came, she was risking getting caught. 
However, when she had seen the child in danger, she had chosen to turn around. That showed that Traceless still cared about that child. 
He swallowed, speechless at that moment. 
Instead, it was the mother of the child that reacted. She grabbed the child, approached them and cried while bowing. “Thank you for saving my child, thank you thank you so much.” 
Liang Liang was slightly embarrassed. 
It was actually because he had been driving too fast in his chase after Traceless. 
The traffic light had already turned yellow ahead. He should have stopped and waited for them to cross. 
Even though he was a police officer and had the right to disobey rules, he shouldn’t have been so rash. 
If he had hit someone, his future would be done for. 
As he thought about this, he didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt that Traceless wasn’t that bad of a person after all. 
Thus he directly said to Traceless, “Let me take a look at your car for you.” 
Even now, he could clearly remember the surprised expression on Traceless’ face when she heard his words. 
Liang Liang lowered his head and realized that there was only a small problem with the car. 
This car had to have been modified to prevent crashes. Although the crash had been so harsh that his car had flown away, Traceless’ car only had a small problem. 
He quickly fixed it for her and said, “Just leave.” 
He thought that he couldn’t owe Traceless a favor. 
And letting her go was repaying the favor. 
Traceless twitched her lips and didn’t speak. Instead, she got into her car and started it. It seemed as though she would leave, but her car window was suddenly wound down. 
Then a piece of jade was thrown out from the car. “Officer, if you want to lay a trap and catch me, next time you should be more assertive and don’t get so involved. If you drag your feelings into this, when will you ever be able to catch me?” 
After she said so, she started the car and moved forward as she waved at him, saying, “I wasn’t going to return this jade to you and make you anxious. But I’m worried that you’ll cry, so I’ll just forgive you this time.” 
Until today, Liang Liang could still remember her bashful look.
###Chapter 1782: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (12) 
When he heard this, he realized that Traceless must have seen through him long ago. 
Hence the reason she had turned up had been to show her upper hand. 
Back then, he had been recently appointed as team leader to the crime unit. 
That was the first time he crossed paths with Qiao Lian. 
But that first meeting left a deep impression in him. 
Traceless’ recklessness put him in a predicament. 
Later on, they started crossing paths more often. 
There was an important case at the security bureau that required him to acquire an . And for this, he needed an exceptionally skillful thief. 
Inevitably, Traceless came to his mind. 
If Traceless were to help them, wouldn’t it imply they were recruiting her
Consequently, wouldn’t that mean that all her previous crimes were forgiven
This would even mean that Traceless could finally face the world with her head held high. 
Hence, he kept looking for Traceless on the internet. 
Using his previously successful method to contact her, he explained to her what the mission required and then ended the message on this note: 
[I know that I’ve only met you once and you may not trust me. But I think this opportunity is important to you. I understand that there is much freedom in the world of organized crime, but do you really wish to go through life stuck behind a mask?] 
Perhaps it was this closing remark that moved her. 
She very quickly replied. 
[Traceless: Alright.] 
Liang Liang was taken aback. [So you’ve agreed?] 
[Traceless: I agree of course. And why not? But the same rule applies. If I manage to steal this for you, it will cost you ten thousand.] 
Liang Liang: [Have you misunderstood my intentions? I’m saying that if you help me, I can apply for you to be on the payroll. And it means that in future-] 
Before he could send that message, Traceless had sent hers. 
[Officer, I understand your good intentions, but my mother is a thief, and my grandmother is a thief. And in my generation, I’m destined to be a thief. I’m willing to contribute to the country, and I don’t need any reward.] 
At that instant, Liang Liang was stunned by her words. 
In his eyes, Traceless was a person who didn’t care about the greater perspective. 
He had never expected that she had her own opinion about the country and her duties. 
He thought for a long time before he replied: . 
[This matter is important, it’s not suitable to discuss it over the computer. Can we meet up?] 
[Traceless: Sure.] 
When Liang Liang saw her affirmative reply, he felt compelled to ask: [Aren’t you worried that I’m laying a trap?] 
Traceless’ answer was bold and reckless: [Even if so, do you think I won’t be able to escape?] 
Her arrogant words stumped him. 
After a brief moment, Traceless sent through another message: 
[Traceless: Just kidding. But I think a police officer who would let me go not to harm a child is worth trusting.] 
Suddenly, the man was full of cheer. 
So she did trust him! 
He smiled at once, completely clueless as to why he was feeling so happy. 
Later on, they arranged to meet at a cafe. This brought them into close contact for a second time. 
Their feelings gradually developed through their collaborations and, slowly, they became a couple. 
Liang Liang remembered clearly how he had confessed his feelings to Traceless and how she had accepted. But within ten days of this, things between them had changed drastically.
###Chapter 1783: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (13) 
Liang Liang stared blankly ahead as he slipped into the past, unable to snap back to reality. in?α. C?
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes as he looked at the man. 
What sort of relationship had they had that would leave the man in this state? And for Traceless to call out his name in her sleep when she was injured
He stared at Liang Liang as he contemplated these questions, suddenly feeling a surge of unfamiliar jealousy. 
He felt jealous that there was a part of Traceless’ past that he had never been involved in, that he would never know. 
He frowned, knowing that he shouldn’t be feeling this way. 
After all, when Liang Liang and Traceless were a couple, he had not met or known her. 
He tried hard to convince himself as he stared at Liang Liang and continued asking, “Then what happened between the two of you?” 
What exactly happened
Liang Liang laughed bitterly at the memory. 
Meanwhile Qiao Yiyi, who was on the window outside, let out a mocking smile. 
What had happened
She had misplaced her trust. How could she have been so naive to think that a thief could ever live in harmony with a police officer
She chortled and then heard Liang Liang Liang continue, “Later on—” 
Before he could finish, Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and rapped on the window. 
For reasons that she couldn’t quite explain, she didn’t want Lu Nanze to know what had happened between Liang Liang and her. 
Those silly things only served to make herself look foolish. 
In the last half a year, she had chided herself countless times for being such a fool. 
But now that was history. 
Indeed, the two men stopped in the midst of their conversation when they heard the rapping on the window. Liang Liang immediately exclaimed, “Who’s there?!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils narrowed and she turned at once, planning to escape through the ground floor. 
Just as she jumped, the window was thrown open. At once, Liang Liang’s head popped out. 
The moment he saw her silhouette, he reflexively shouted after her, “Traceless!” 
Qiao Yiyi halted. 
She turned back suddenly and lifted her head to look at him. 
The light in the room casted a glow on him. 
His back was to the light, so she could not make out the expression on his face. But a sense of loneliness seemed to emanate from his solitary figure and for a moment, as she looked at him, she was filled with a sense of bitterness. 
But only for a moment. 
All of a sudden, she laughed. 
Those emotions belonged to the past. What was the point of feeling sad and distraught for this man now
In that split second, the weight in her heart was lifted and slid away. 
The sadness she had been harboring was because of her old desire to be with him. She had been hurt by the man. 
She just hadn’t been able to get over it. 
How could she have fallen for his lies just like that
But now… 
When she realized that Liang Liang was no different from her, still holding on to their past, she suddenly felt relieved. 
Relationships… 
If they weren’t made for each other, then they shouldn’t seek to be together. 
There was no point in forcing it. 
And the two of them truly didn’t suit each other. 
So even if they hadn’t broken up then, they might have possibly broken up later on. 
They were too different. 
Besides, there was that other matter that came between them. She could never bring herself to forgive him. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi turned and ran away, disappearing into the darkness. 
There was no hesitation, only a swift decisiveness.
###Chapter 1784: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (14) 
Qiao Yiyi left the hospital and entered her sports car. 
She knew that Liang Liang would not let this opportunity go and would try to find her. 
Hence she set up some obstacles. 
After doing this, she changed her clothes and returned. 
– 
Traceless had a lasso and was able to abseil from the third floor, but Liang Liang didn’t. 
He could only look on in dismay and helplessness as Traceless disappeared before his eyes. 
Especially the one last look that she had given him before disappearing. 
It was a look that gave him a sense that she was leaving their past behind, and that from that point on, they would have nothing to do with each other. 
No. 
How could Traceless cut all ties with him
They had been so in love with each other once upon a time. 
At this thought, Liang Liang spun around and looked at Lu Nanze, saying, “I’m going after her.” 
He dashed out, making his way out of the building to go after the girl. 
The moment he got downstairs, he caught a glimpse of Traceless’ silhouette. Chasing in that direction, he saw the woman getting into a car and driving away. ?α. o
Without delay, he also got into his car and went after her. 
It was only after he had driven away that Qiao Yiyi stepped out of the shadows. She smirked as she observed Liang Liang’s car disappear into the distance. 
She lifted her head and looked upstairs. 
She had a sudden desire to see Lu Nanze. 
With this thought, she changed back into her Traceless disguise and went stealthily up to the third floor’s window from outside the building. 
When she got there, she tapped on the window and, just as she did so, the window flew open. 
She saw Lu Nanze standing there before her. 
Her pupils shrank as she leapt into the room and grabbed the man’s arm. She yelled in alarm, “How could you leave the bed with your leg injured like this?!” 
She chided him as she helped him back onto the bed. Lu Nanze was secretly pleased—he had never felt like this before. 
He smiled helplessly and replied, “How would you have gotten in if I hadn’t opened the window?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She looked at him and asked, “You knew I’d be back?” 
The man nodded. 
He continued, “I knew you’d be worried about me and come to see me. Traceless, this shows that you do have feelings for me, isn’t that right?” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
It really hadn’t been her intention to appear as Traceless… But she had really wanted to hear the conversation between the two men. 
Lu Nanze was grinning from ear to ear, looking completely deluded. If she told him the truth, surely it would embarrass him. 
She pondered it for a moment. After all, he was unwell, so she decided to let it slide. 
At this point, she coughed slightly and looked around. “Uh huh, actually I wanted to come and see you earlier, but there were people around. Have they all left now?” 
Lu Nanze smiled and nodded. “Uh huh. I’ve gotten rid of her.” 
Qiao Yiyi paused and repeated, “Her?” 
He nodded and continued, “Qiao Yiyi. I asked her to go home and get me a change of clothes. So now there’s plenty of time for you to be here.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi grimaced and immediately asked, “Do you despise your wife that much?” 
It was beyond despise. 
Right now, of course the man could not show any feelings for Qiao Yiyi! He was hitting on Traceless.
###Chapter 1785: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (15) 
Regardless, he really didn’t care about Qiao Yiyi. 
After all, it was quite despicable of her to pretend to be a weakling so that she could marry him, and then do all sorts of nasty things behind people’s backs. 
The man looked most dissatisfied at the mention of Qiao Yiyi, as he detested her. 
He looked at Traceless and explained, “I married Qiao Yiyi because of her name. Traceless, I hope you understand my feelings for you.” 
These things he said… 
Qiao Yiyi was at a complete loss for words. 
She pursed her lips as she thought of how the man had been treating her. She was compelled to ask, “So what are you going to do with Qiao Yiyi?” 
The man pondered it for a moment in silence and started, “I already thought about this when I got married. It’s impossible for her and I to be together. Once our business has stabilized, I will get a divorce. We signed a prenup, so even if we were to separate, she would have no rights rights over the business.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
So Lu Nanze had had in mind right from the start to dispose of her rights after she served her purpose
The bastard. 
Although she was Traceless, she was also Qiao Yiyi 
This sc*mbag was too disrespectful with others. 
Qiao Yiyi’s expression clouded over immediately. 
Lu Nanze walked towards her and said as he looked at her in the eyes, “Traceless, I—” 
Before he could start, the girl laughed frostily and said, “No matter what, Qiao Yiyi is your newly-wedded wife. I don’t think we are suitable for each other. We’ll talk again when you’ve settled your family affairs!” 
On this note, she turned, leapt out the window and left the hospital. 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze looked at her figure disappearing into the darkness, stumped by the sudden hostility she had displayed towards him. 
That was strange. 
Could it be that she couldn’t accept that he was hitting on her as a married man
But hadn’t Traceless already known that before coming today
The fact that she had come to visit, even when she knew, showed that she didn’t mind. 
Lu Nanze couldn’t figure out why Traceless was angry. 
He grimaced and lay back on his bed staring out of the window, looking thoroughly confused. 
– 
Qiao Yiyi, who had left in a huff, was now back in her own sports car. After she had changed her clothes, she sat in the car fuming. 
Lu Nanze was too despicable. 
How could he treat her like that
Did he know that she hadn’t had a choice in marrying him
Did he think he was so desirable that all the women would throw themselves at him
Ha! The detest was certainly mutual. 
Qiao Yiyi sat there twitching her lips, feeling angry for a while. Finally, she sighed. 
Actually, she was the one who didn’t make sense. 
The Qiao Yiyi that Lu Nanze knew wasn’t even herself. That was just a puppet who appeared to be weak, timid and dull. 
Lu Nanze liked her real self, and that was something to be happy about. 
She sighed, started the car and then drove to the Lu family villa. 
She had to go back to the house to pick up some clothes, otherwise she would have some explaining to do. 
By the time she got his clothes, drove back to the hospital and walked into his room, Li Tingting had already returned.
###Chapter 1786: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (16) 
Qiao Yiyi paused when she saw Li Tingting sitting by Lu Nanze’s bed. 
Obviously, Li Tingting had changed her clothes. Although she still looked pale, she was chatting with Lu Nanze. 
The man had initially been rather distracted, and even slightly impatient. . 
But when he heard the sound of someone entering, he turned to look. He instantly looked even more exasperated than before. 
He wrinkled his brow and raised his voice, saying, “Why did you take such a long time?” 
A long time
The girl almost rolled her eyes. 
She had driven a sports car. If she had done it in normal circumstances, surely it would have taken even longer. 
Was Lu Nanze trying to find ways to criticize her
Although she had these thoughts, she continued looking very passive and agreeable. “I- I’m sorry. This is a hospital, so it was hard to get a taxi.” 
Hard to get a taxi
If she had said this before, Lu Nanze would have never wondered about the meaning behind these words. 
But ever since he had realized that Qiao Yiyiy was not as simple as she looked, he couldn’t help pondering the underlying meaning behind every word she said. 
Shockingly, things that were seemingly innocent started to take a new meaning. 
He suddenly realized that many times in the past, Qiao Yiyi had subtly mocked him. 
Just like what she had said now was so obvious. 
As Madam Lu, your wife, you don’t even bother calling a driver to send me home and get your clothes. 
Lu Nanze was immediately filled with disgust. 
Perhaps it was because he had grown up with Qiao Lian, but he had always hated having to guess what a woman was thinking. 
Qiao Lian was the sort of upfront person who would call a spade a spade, and Traceless was the same. But Qiao Yiyi… she would play with her words, trying to be subtly sarcastic. 
That was just annoying. 
He then remembered that Traceless was angry because of Qiao Yiyi, she was the reason why she had left in a huff. This made Lu Nanze even angrier. 
He smirked and asked, “What sort of clothes did you bring for me?” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and rolled her eyes. Making her go home to get his clothes had just been an excuse, so this had to be just another casual remark. 
She held out the bag of clothes to him. 
Lu Nanze took a glance at what was in the bag and then frowned. He chided her, “Did you bring these for a begger?!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
She looked inside the bag. The set of pajamas that she had carelessly taken from his wardrobe was an old set. 
However, she had seen the man wearing these around the house. 
She looked up at him instantly as Lu Nanze reprimanded her, “You have no taste at all. I really can’t imagine how you were brought up in the Qiao family.” 
When Li Tingting heard this, she immediately added, “Exactly. Qiao Yiyi, you were an illegitimate child, you weren’t raised with love. But now you are Madam Lu, so the way you hold yourself should match Second Brother’s status, for you’re part of his image. Look at the clothes you’ve brought, what are these?” 
Then she twitched her lips and continued, “Uncouth people will never look presentable. Even if you’ve married into high society, that hasn’t made you a classy person. You really have to work hard to improve your standing, or you’ll just be an embarrassment to Second Brother.” 
She said that in a tone that didn’t sit well with Qiao Yiyi at all. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back and she looked up at the other girl. 
Then she shifted her gaze to Lu Nanze. 
If Lu Nanze had said this, it would just be a husband chiding his wife. But since Li Tingting was the one doing it, that was just an indirect insult to Lu Nanze and a blow to his ego. Surely the man would not ignore this, right?
###Chapter 1787: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (17) 
Qiao Yiyi was clearly aware and knew very well the ways of the wealthy and powerful families. 
That was why she was so sure that Lu Nanze wouldn’t just let this slide. 
But unexpectedly, Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and played along with Li Tingting, saying, “That’s true, what Tingting says makes sense.” 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes in disbelief when she heard this. 
Had Lu Nanze gone stupid
How could he even say that? This was too much. 
She was infuriated beyond words. At this point, Lu Qingtian’s voice sounded from the doorway. “Nanze, what is that you’re saying?” 
As soon as she spoke, she appeared and walked into the room. She then said, “Nanze, I’m warning you, no matter who Yiyi was before, she is now Madam Lu. In public, she is part of your image. How can you be saying things like that in front of outsiders? Don’t you know anything? Huh?!” 
Lu Nanze immediately cast his gaze down and smirked, “Auntie. Tingting is not an outsider.” 
Li Tingting had felt suppressed the moment Li Qingtian had entered the room, but now, thanks to what Lu Nanze had said, she swelled with arrogance again. 
In the past, Second Brother had given her some attention, but he had never said something like “Tingting is not an outsider.” 
Now Second Brother had confirmed this, thoroughly warming her heart. 
Her eyes lit up at once as she tilted her chin. Then she said slowly and gently, “Auntie, Second Brother is right, please don’t treat me like an outsider! I grew up together with Second Brother, please treat me as part of the family.” 
Lu Qingtian: … 
Lu Qingtian gave Lu Nanze a vicious glare and said, “Tingting belongs to the LifFamily and is a grown up young lady, not a child like before. So it’s best for a man and a lady to keep some distance between them.” 
Li Tingting frowned and started, “I—” 
“Tingting is still a child in my eyes.” Lu Nanze tried once again to keep harmony. 
Lu Qingtian was dumbfounded for a moment and said, “Lu Nanze, has something gone wrong in your head?” 
Hadn’t he disliked Li Tingting
What was wrong with him today
Lu Qingtian couldn’t figure it out and snorted coldly. Finally, she said, “Alright, you get some good rest. It’s late!” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
Li Tingting threw a glance at Lu Nanze and made a move to return to her seat by his bed. But before she could sit down, Lu Qingtian said, “Tingting, come over here. Leave the caretaker’s job to Qiao Yiyi. After all, she is Lu Nanze’s wife. You and I can sleep outside.” 
He was staying in a suite ward with guest beds outside the patient’s room. 
People with Lu Nanze’s power got treated differently, whether they stayed in a hotel or a hospital. 
After getting kicked out by Lu Qingtian, Li Tingting turned back wistfully and gave Qiao Yiyi a long and resentful look. Finally she said, “Qiao Yiyi, you have to take good care of Second Brother. If you need anything in the middle of the night, shout for me.” 
Then she reluctantly left the room, being led firmly by Lu Qingtian. 
The moment the two women walked out, Lu Qingtian shut the door behind her. 
Qiao Yiyi turned to glance at Lu Nanze and saw that he was lying in bed with his eyes shut. It looked like he was intentionally ignoring her. 
Tsk. 
Who cares about him
Qiao Yiyi twitched her lips and walked to the side. Just as she was about to get into her own bed, Lu Nanze asked, “Why did you marry me?”
###Chapter 1788: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (18) 
Qiao Yiyi halted and turned around. 
Only a nightlight remained on, so the room was dim. At that moment, Lu Nanze’s back was to her as he lay in bed. She couldn’t see his expression. 
It was hard to tell if there were any emotions involved in this question, what he meant, or what his intent was. 
In the few seconds she took to ponder the question, the man grunted impatiently. 
She snapped back to her senses and replied in astonishment, “What?” 
Lu Nanze asked again impatiently, “Why did you marry me?” 
Qiao Yiyi began to curse and swear silently. 
Damn it. 
You think I wanted to do this
Everything had been in order to dodge Liang Liang’s relentless pursuit. Because of Bai Anan’s connection with the police chief, she had substantial resources to turn the world inside out to find her. So how could she possibly not try to find a safe place
Lu Nanze was powerful, hence she had targeted him. 
But of course, she couldn’t tell him that. 
She lowered her head and coughed slightly. Then she answered, “Because… my family wanted me to marry you, so I did.” 
Lu Nanze chortled and said, “Do you think I will actually believe that?” 
A smart and eccentric woman like her—a woman who could force Li Tingting to throw up her food—would obey her family so readily
If she hadn’t wanted to do it, she would have thought of all sorts of ways to resist the arrangement. 
But she hadn’t. 
Hence, she must have had some reason to marry him. 
Perhaps it was a desire for a comfortable and luxurious life, perhaps it was for the money. 
As he pondered the possibilities, he heard the girl pause and sigh softly. 
Surprised, he tilted his head and turned to look at her. 
Her head was lowered, as she thought hard about how to give the man a satisfactory answer. 
It was obvious that if she couldn’t give him a reasonable answer, he wasn’t going to let it go. 
Besides, his attitude towards Li Tingting had changed. 
He now seemed to have suddenly taken sides with the other girl, clearly in order to upset and torture Qiao Yiyi. 
But prior to this, hadn’t Lu Nanze treated her like she was invisible anyway
So what was this situation now
However, this was besides the point and could be sorted out later. Now the most urgent task at hand was to give him a reasonable answer. 
Apart from family reasons, what other reasons could a woman have for marrying a man
As she contemplated this, she suddenly saw light and sighed in relief quietly. 
She turned around, looked at Lu Nanze with sincerity in her eyes and said with earnestness, “Because I like you.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
She paused as her mind raced to find a reason to support her answer. 
“Many years ago, perhaps you don’t even remember anymore… At the time, my mother and father were still together. When they finally got a divorce, life became tough for Mom. One time, I got bullied, but you helped me, and I still remembered you.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
The more Qiao Yiyi spun this story, the more she got into the swing of it. 
She continued, “I- I still remembered you. Half a year ago, when you needed to find someone with the name Qiao Yiyi, Dad suggested this to me. At first I didn’t agree, I felt that I was doing fine and surviving on my own, why would I want to go home? But when I saw that the person seeking marriage was you, I went home.”
###Chapter 1789: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (19) 
The more Qiao Yiyi got carried away by the story, the more convincing she became and it all seemed authentic. 
Lu Nanze frowned. 
When he had hung out with Qiao Lian in his youth, he had done many ridiculous things, like helping others. But these were things from his youth and he certainly could not recall if he had ever helped Qiao Yiyi. 
But seeing her sincere expression and hearing her genuinely affectionate tone, he was compelled to ask, “When was this and where did it happen?” 
Qiao Yiyi paused and looked up, as though she didn’t understand his question. 
The man persisted, impatiently repeating, “I’m asking you when and where it was that I helped you.” 
Given this girl’s lack of integrity, Lu Nanze decided that if she couldn’t recall this information, then he would get the butler to investigate. 
He didn’t want to keep a vicious and ill-intentioned woman by his side. 
After saying this, he stared at the girl. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed and started, “Ten years ago. I can’t remember the details. It was in a small lane next to Digao High School. Next to the lane, there was a shop that sold bean curd jelly. You fought with the thug and broke a few chairs in the shop.” 
The moment he heard this, Lu Nanze suddenly remembered. 
This had actually happened. 
At the time, he had been on his way to school with Qiao Lian. As they passed by that place, they had seen a few thugs bullying a young girl. 
Of course, Qiao Lian couldn’t stand it and had wanted to interfere. 
Lu Nanze had stopped her and gone to them instead. 
He hadn’t wanted Qiao Lian to get her hands dirty. 
Because of that fight, he had been late for his mid-term examination. His teacher had even called his parents, and later his father had given him a good beating .＆nbsp;com
After this, the owner of the shop had turned up at his home demanding compensation. 
Since there had been many consequences, he still remembered the incident. 
It was as she had said. 
Nevertheless… 
Lu Nanze still felt a little uneasy. 
The girl had married him because she liked him. Furthermore, she had made such a sincere confession. 
Although there was never a lack of girls who were interested in him, because he had a strange and violent temperament, the girls would inevitably get frightened before they could even speak up. 
Even someone like Li Tingting would just try to get close to him and that was about all they did. She had never spoken a word to confess. 
Hence right now, this was literally the first confession he had gotten in his life. 
It was simply… It was such an odd feeling and he had no idea how to manage it. 
He lay back down in bed and refused to look at her. 
Then Qiao Yiyi said, “Mr. Lu, do you know what the greatest fortune in my life has been?” 
On the one hand, Lu Nanze didn’t really want to know. 
But his curiosity got the better of him and he picked his ears. 
Qiao Yiyi continued, “My greatest fortune is to be called Qiao Yiyi. My father abandoned my mother and I never really liked him at all. But I am grateful to him for giving me this name.” 
Strangely, this almost-nauseating confession, spoken so lyrically in her low voice in the darkness of the room, came across rather seductive. 
The man felt his ears burning uncontrollably. 
He frowned and snorted, saying, “Why aren’t you sleeping yet when it’s this late? Your incessant talking is keeping me up!”
###Chapter 1790: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (20) 
Qiao Yiyi: … i. co
She had just begun to get into the role, the amorous words just flowing out of her in an endless stream. It was easy to be generous with lies. 
But she wasn’t done, there was still more that she wanted to say, so why had the man stopped her suddenly
Really. Now she had to swallow all the unspoken words and they had nowhere to go, causing a congestion in her chest that was most uncomfortable. 
She took a deep breath in an attempt to ease this feeling, and then got into bed. 
This should have done the trick. 
After all, the story that she had just related was a true story. 
Except that the girl who was bullied hadn’t been her. 
She had just happened to have been having breakfast at that bean curd stall when she had witnessed the incident. 
Since Lu Nanze had a very angular profile, she still remembered him. 
In addition, when Lu Nanze had later on reached a high position in the world of organized crime, she had seen his picture and recalled that incident years ago. 
Now was an opportune time to bring up this incident, for Lu Nanze would surely not suspect anything fishy. 
Furthermore, how romantic was the idea that he had saved her and now she was repaying him with her life
In hindsight, she felt that this was good enough to make an incredible romance novel. 
Qiao Yiyi broke into a smile at this thought. 
She lay flat on the bed. 
Too much had happened today and she was a little exhausted. 
However, she was not used to having someone else in the room, especially in a hospital at night, it was too quiet. She could even hear the man breathing. 
It wasn’t that the man breathed loudly at all, but it was magnified too many times in the darkness of this room. 
She found herself breathing in that same rhythm. 
But… she still couldn’t get to sleep. 
She turned. Then she heard the man turning too. 
But because his leg was injured, his attempt at turning seemed to fail. 
She listened with her eyes closed, pretending to be asleep. 
After a while, she heard him call her softly, “Hey.” 
Qiao Yiyi did not move. 
Lu Nanze frowned and spoke again, “Are you asleep?” 
She stayed very still. 
The man snorted and said, “Stop pretending.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
She knew she couldn’t continue to pretend. She could only turn to look at him and say, “Mr. Lu, is there anything you need? I- I am feeling a little embarrassed after telling you my feelings.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
The man frowned, once again dumbfounded by her words. 
Qiao Yiyi discovered something. 
He was normally domineering. However, since he never got involved in emotional matters, no one had ever been this direct and deeply affectionate in confessing their feelings to him. 
Hence every time she spoke about such things, he would be completely disoriented. 
This man was really quite adorable. 
Qiao Yiyi grinned in the dark. 
The next moment, she heard the man demand, “Help me go to the toilet!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!! 
The girl replied, “Can’t you do it yourself?” 
“What do you think?” 
“But- but we don’t have the same gender.” 
“You’re my wife.” 
“We’re a fake couple.” 
“You said you like me.” Lu Nanze’s tone changed as he snorted frostily and said, “Since you like me to the extent that you would repay me with your life, then why do you have so much to to when I’m just asking for help to get to the toilet?!” 
Qiao Yiyi: …!!
###Chapter 1791: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (21) 
She didn’t have a retort for that. 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt like she had shot herself in the foot. 
She opened and shut her mouth like a goldfish, instantly speechless. 
But she could only suppress her dissatisfaction and stand up. She walked over to Lu Nanze. 
The man didn’t really want Qiao Yiyi to help him go to the toilet. 
Because of Traceless, he now had no feelings for anyone else. 
But his bladder was bursting and it was becoming too difficult to bear. 
Furthermore… 
After getting out of bed to open the window for Traceless, the pain in his wound had intensified. 
He had injured a major artery and should not even be moving around. To relieve his bladder, the only way was to lie in bed and empty it with someone’s help. 
Unfortunately, this person was Qiao Yiyi. 
How could he possibly get her to help him with such a task
Hence, he could only ask her to take him to the toilet. 
However, what was that look of displease on her face, as though he was poisonous
Hadn’t she said liked him? Yet she was unwilling to help him to the toilet?! Lu Nanze was livid. The more she tried to avoid it, the more he insisted that she did it. 
He wasn’t giving her a choice. 
It was now a situation where Lu Nanze really did not wish for Qiao Yiyi to look after him; and the girl, on the other hand, had no desire to do so either. 
As she helped and supported Lu Nanze towards the toilet, she pondered what sort of excuse she could use. 
After all, watching a man relieve himself was a first for her. 
Lu Nanze, on the other hand, was pondering what reason he could give to push the girl away. 
Letting her watch him relieve himself was a first for him. 
Each of them with their own thoughts, they arrived at the bethroom and entered it. 
The man stood next to the urinal and coughed slightly. 
Qiao Yiyi did the same. 
She started, “Mr- Mr. Lu, would you like me to remove your clothes” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He replied, “No, I’ll do it myself.” e?. ｏ
But… 
He was wearing a set of baggy pajamas. 
There was a bandage around his thigh, so the pajama trousers clung around it, making them difficult to remove. 
Lu Nanze: … 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Qiao Yiyi stared for some time as the man struggled with it and failed to make progress. Finally, the girl could not stand to watch it any longer and said, “Mr. Lu, let me help you.” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
He stubbornly said, “No, there’s no need.” 
As she watched him, she couldn’t help adding teasingly, “It’s okay, Mr. Lu. I like you and I’m willing to do these things for you.” 
The man blushed and said, “No, it’s fine.” 
“Mr. Lu, you don’t have to be this shy. I’m just helping you to remove your pants, it’s not like I’ll do anything else.” 
“No need.” 
“Mr. Lu, do you despise me?” 
Lu Nanze turned and threw Qiao Yiyi a glance. 
She hung her head and put on a sad expression. 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze snorted icily and said again, “There’s no need.” 
On that note, he forcefully removed his pants and said in a commanding tone to the girl, “What are you looking at?!” 
There was exasperation in his tone. 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly realized that unconsciously, her eyes had wandered to where they shouldn’t have. 
She quickly turned away and, at the same time, tried to hold Lu Nanze so that he wouldn’t fall. 
At once, she heard the sound of water dropping. 
The man had been holding the pressure in his bladder for more than an hour until he finally found relief. 
Right in this moment, he suddenly heard the girl say, “Mr. Lu.” 
“What is it?”
###Chapter 1792: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (22) 
“Be- be careful not to get your pee on my shoes.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
“Shut up!” the man said. 
“Ok.” 
When he was finally done, the man gave her a dirty look and said, “I’m done.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and, when she turned around, saw that he was trying to get dressed. When he spotted her turning around, he jumped in fright and barked, “What are you staring at?” 
She replied, “Didn’t you say you were done?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He pulled his pants up hastily and then reached out to place a hand on Qiao Yiyi so that she could help him get back to bed. 
But the moment he reached for her, the girl dodged him. 
He shot a puzzled look at her and she said, “Mr. Lu, you haven’t washed your hands.” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
Now his expression was darker than the stormy skies. 
He almost shouted at her, “How am I to wash my hand if you don’t help me?!” 
After all, the urinal was some distance away from the wash basin. 
The b*tch, how dare she
Qiao Yiyi turned to look at the wash basin and grimaced. Then she looked at the man’s hand. 
She couldn’t get out of her mind what he had just been doing with that hand. 
But Lu Nanze was right. If she didn’t help him over to the wash basin, how was he going to wash his hands
She pondered it for a moment before she extended her hand and, in a most disgusted manner, gingerly took the man’s wrist between her thumb and index finger, saying, “Come along then.” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
What the hell was that look on her face
Lu Nanze seethed with anger. 
But he could only go along with it. 
When they got to the wash basin, the man couldn’t refrain himself from playing a mischievous trick. As he withdrew his hand, he brushed it against the back of her hand. 
She froze immediately. 
Then she lowered her head and stared at the back of her hand with an expression of disbelief. 
That look on her face as she choked filled Lu Nanze with satisfaction, and he smirked triumphantly. 
She looked like a bristling cat, as she stood there at a complete loss as to what to do with that hand. 
While he started to casually wash his hand, she also turned on the tap of the other basin at full blast, frantically soaping and rinsing her hands. 
Lu Nanze: … 
Lu Nanze’s expression darkened even further. Was his hand full of germs? How dare this woman act so contemptuous
To think she had even said she liked him. 
He snorted and noticed Qiao Yiyi throw him a glance before she continued vigorously washing her hands. 
He couldn’t help but ask, “Did you lie about liking me?” 
Qiao Yiyi halted. 
She turned to him immediately, blinking her spirited and large eyes, and said, “Mr. Lu, have you ever liked a girl?” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
“If you like a girl, does it mean that you also wouldn’t mind her poop?” 
Lu Nanze: …!! 
Qiao Yiyi sighed and continued, “Just like mothers love their babies and like changing their diapers, does it mean they don’t have to wash their hands after changing their diapers?” 
Lu Nanze: … 
He realized that Qiao Yiyi, her sharp tongue, made her very similar to Traceless. 
He was dumbfounded by the girl’s reasoning. When she was done washing her own hands, she held his arm and said, “So liking you and minding you are two separate matters, isn’t it so?”
###Chapter 1793: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (23) 
Qiao Yiyi said this boldly and then, supporting Lu Nanze, they walked back into the room. 
After she made sure that the man had gotten back into bed and was laying down, she walked to her own bed, got in, shut her eyes and went back to sleep. 
Lu Nanze had been exhausted before this but, because of needing the toilet, he had been kept awake. And now, even though he had relieved himself, he was still unable to sleep. 
Because Qiao Yiyi’s face kept flashing through his mind. 
She had played a trick on Li Tingting, pretending to be weak. She had also confessed her deep feelings for him and even just then, he had seen those little gestures that showed her disgust towards him. 
Although clearly knowing that he was in love with Traceless, Lu Nanze now couldn’t help being attracted to Qiao Yiyi. 
In the past, she had been invisible to him, like thin air. 
He had never taken notice of her and couldn’t even remember what she looked like, how tall she was, how fat. 
But he suddenly realized that Qiao Yiyi was taking shape in his mind. 
There was something special about her that attracted him. 
The man turned and looked at the girl who was sleeping close by. He frowned. 
In the dark, he couldn’t see her clearly, but he could sense that she was asleep. 
Her light, shallow breathing was oddly reassuring. 
He found that his ill feelings towards her had vanished and realized his growing interest in her, in the confession she had just made. 
What a strange feeling. 
He frowned. He certainly had never been a man who could get easily swayed by women but tonight, he was being swayed by two women. What a tragedy! 
At this thought, the man shut his eyes tightly, preventing himself from thinking further about this. 
On this same night, he had a dream. 
In his dream, Traceless was standing before him, her head held high and saying as she looked at him, “Lu Nanze, do you really like me?” 
The man nodded and replied, “Yes, I really do like you.” 
“Well then, divorce your wife. I, Traceless, will never be a mistress!” 
He nodded resolutely. “Alright, I’ll get a divorce!” 
But turning around, he saw Qiao Yiyi crying her heart out as she looked at him. She said, “Mr. Lu, how could you treat me like this when I like you so much? I like you, you can’t divorce me.” 
Lu Nanze: … 
The man coughed slightly and started, “But I like Traceless.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked up instantly and said, “You like girls like Traceless? I can become like her too!” 
Hence, she put on a mask and lifted her chin, immediately transforming into Traceless. 
Lu Nanze was shocked and started, “You- you-” 
Behind him, Traceless asked, “Lu Nanze, what’s up with you?” 
He turned around, now facing the other Traceless who said, “Lu Nanze, you can’t divorce me.” 
And then… 
He woke up with a start. 
His forehead was drenched. It was the middle of the night. He then realized that the anesthesia in his leg had worn off and was in great pain. 
He frowned and tried to move. Then he sighed heavily. 
What a strange dream. Seriously. 
But he did like Traceless, so he had to keep a distance from Qiao Yiyi. 
At this thought, he turned to look at Qiao Yiyi and saw that she was sleeping soundly. 
Lu Nanze: … 
He yelled, “Qiao Yiyi!” 
She woke up with a jump. “What?”
###Chapter 1794: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (24) 
Lu Nanze looked at her and frowned. He said, “Get me some water.” 
It was only then that Qiao Yiyi sat up and realized his situation. 
He seemed to be in great pain and his forehead was damp with perspiration. 
Her gaze fell on his leg and she understood at once what was happening. 
She sighed and stood up to pour him a glass of water. Then she sat by his bed. “Is it hurting badly?” 
She lifted the blanket to examine his wound. 
However, the man clutched his leg and immediately said, “No, it’s not.” 
He drank the water and returned the glass to Qiao Yiyi, lying back down immediately afterwards. 
Anesthesia couldn’t be administered too frequently, this was common knowledge. 
Hence for now, he could only endure the throbbing pain and wait for it to subside. 
Seeing how much pain Lu Nanze was in, Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
In fact, there was a type of acupressure massage that could relieve pain, and it was also a skill that had been passed down through generations in her family. If she could massage him, the pain could be significantly reduced. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi looked at him and suggested, “Mr. Lu, please let me have a look at your wound.” 
Lu Nanze gripped the blanket tightly and insisted frostily, “There’s no need.” 
Qiao Yiyi choked. “I’ll just take a quick look, I’ll help you massage it.” 
The pain made Lu Nanze more agitated, and adding to this there was the dream he had just had, and how things had turned out with Traceless. He became rather angry and snapped, “There’s no need!” 
He sat up and stared at Qiao Yiyi. “Since I can’t sleep, there’s a matter that I’d like to discuss with you.” 
Taken aback, Qiao Yiyi asked, “What is it?” 
“Let’s get a divorce.” 
Qiao Lian widened her eyes in astonishment. 
Although she had married him to escape Liang Liang, he was the one who had confessed his feelings to Traceless. 
Even though she knew he was seeking a divorce to placate Traceless, this made her feel extremely uneasy. 
What did he take her for
Was she at his beck and call
A pet
Besides, before her mother could locate her, she had to stay in this marriage and temporarily ensure her safety. 
On top of this, Qiao Yiyi felt rather indignant. She thought angrily, “You wish for a divorce? I’m not going to agree then.” ?ne?. ?ｍ
Hence she put on a tearful expression and said to the man, “Mr- Mr. Lu, have I not been up to your standards? Or have I not met your expectations in some ways? I- I-” 
She lowered her head. 
Lu Nanze smiled icily and replied, “There’s someone else that I like.” 
Having said that and finding her sobbing somewhat unbearable, he quickly lay back down in bed and concluded, “So it’s useless, no matter how well you treat me.” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
Someone else he liked. 
Was it Traceless
Caught in this situation, Qiao Yiyi wasn’t quite sure if it was something to celebrate or mourn over. 
She grimaced, but immediately lowered her head and acknowledged his words with an “oh.” 
Then she looked up and said, “Mr. Lu, I will not agree to a divorce. I will work hard to make you like me!” 
She said this rather petulantly, then returned to her bed and got back under the covers. 
Lu Nanze, on the other hand, was slightly alarmed to hear this. 
He shut his eyes as he lay in bed, feeling the agony the wound was causing him. 
After some time, he suddenly heard Qiao Yiyi sit up.
###Chapter 1795: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (25) 
Lu Nanze frowned and looked in her direction from the corner of his eye. His eyes glinted and he tried to see what she was up to. 
It was the middle of the night and, instead of sleeping, she had sat up in bed. Furthermore, he could feel her eyes on him. 
This woman… 
Of course, Lu Nanze was not completely careless around her. When she walked towards him, he clenched his fists tightly, ready for whatever might come. 
But unexpectedly, after Qiao Yiyi approached his bedside, she merely stood there in silence. 
The man tried his best to even his breathing so that he would look like he was asleep. 
After two minutes, the girl suddenly pushed his blanket away to reveal the wounded leg. 
Lu Nanze: … 
He was about to react when he suddenly felt her smalls warm hands on his leg. 
Her hands were gentle but strong, resting firmly near his wound. 
He frowned, trying to suppress his anger. 
Her hands firmly pressured his leg and started to move slowly. 
She was using a little more strength than needed and that caused him some pain, but the amazing thing was that the pain in his wound started to ease. 
He frowned again but did not move. 
After she completed the massage, he felt that the pain no longer was so intense that he couldn’t fall asleep. 
His eyelids grew heavy and he shut his eyes. 
His leg still hurt. 
The girl continued massaging him. 
He did not say another word. 
As the massage went on, the man gradually fell asleep. 
The next morning when he awoke, Lu Nanze realized that his body was in a relaxed state. Even the wound didn’t hurt too badly. 
He opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling for a moment before slowly moving his leg. As he did so, he felt there was something heavy resting on it. 
It was then that he spun his head around and saw that Qiao Yiyi had fallen asleep, slumped on his bed. 
He was taken aback. 
He had no idea how long she had massaged him after he had fallen asleep. But to have finally fallen asleep like she had, she must have done it for three or four hours, right
It was no wonder she had fallen asleep with exhaustion. 
He frowned and meant to wake her up. 
But as he looked down, he found himself staring right into her face. 
He froze immediately. 
He had never paid attention to her looks before, so he had never thought much of her features. She had rather plain looks that weren’t eye-catching. 
But right now, at a short distance, he suddenly realized how exquisite her features were. He almost couldn’t take his eyes off her. 
Her skin was clean and pale, glowing like white porcelain. 
Her face was only about the size of his palm, extremely small. 
Her body was like a teenager’s. 
As he studied her, he suddenly even started to wonder if he should get the butler to investigate her real age. Was she really 22
As these thoughts ran through his mind, he didn’t realize that his gaze on Qiao Yiyi had started to soften. 
After all, any man would find it almost impossible to treat a girl like this meanly. 
At this point, there was a sudden knock on the door. Almost immediately, Li Tingting entered the room and exclaimed loudly, “Second Brother, you’re awake!”
###Chapter 1796: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (26) 
Her voice was really loud. It was so loud that it shook Qiao Yiyi awake. 
When Li Tingting saw her body tremble and the look in her widened eyes, he subconsciously lifted his head and shot Li Tingting a glance. r.＆nbsp;
His glance shocked Li Tingting and the words she had been about to say were stuck in her throat. 
But after a while, her gaze landed on Qiao Yiyi again since Lu Nanze wasn’t speaking at all. 
She instantly became furious at the sight of Qiao Yiyi lying by Lu Nanze’s bedside. “Qiao Yiyi, what are you doing? Second Brother’s leg was injured, and you take care of him like this? Your hand is pressing his leg! You- Are you trying to hurt Second Brother on purpose?” 
Qiao Yiyi: … 
If you don’t know about it, don’t spout nonsense, ok
She twitched her lips and moved her stiff arm. Then she stood up. 
Li Tingting had already arrived in front of her. “Qiao Yiyi, I’m talking to you. How can you be so rude?” 
After she said so, Qiao Yiyi turned her head and looked at Li Tingting. She acted weak and said, “Miss Li, I didn’t do it on purpose.” 
She was actually a sly fox, but she liked to act weak and used it to win the battle. 
Lu Nanze looked at Qiao Yiyi coldly. Although yesterday night he had been really angry when he had found out that she had been acting differently from how she really was, at the moment, he didn’t know why but he found her kind of cute. 
Yes. 
Cute. 
Although Qiao Yiyi was filled with foolish ideas, she was obedient. With these two special feelings mixed together, Lu Nanze felt weird inside. 
He decided to keep quiet and stare at her. 
After Li Tingting heard Qiao Yiyi’s words, she was about to say something but Qiao Yiyi directly said, “Miss Li, did you not brush your teeth this morning?” 
Li Tingting was stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and covered her nose. 
Li Tingting instantly understood something. She also hurriedly covered her mouth and said, “I- I’ll go brush my teeth now.” 
Then she rushed into the bathroom. 
After she went it, Li Tingting blew air out through her mouth and smelt it herself. 
She didn’t have bad breath. 
Things like these didn’t happen in prestigious families like theirs, as they had good routines and meal habits. 
But Qiao Yiyi didn’t look like someone who would lie, so she should just clean it then. 
Hence, Li Tingting took out her breath freshener and sprayed it into her mouth a few times. After freshening up, she walked out of the washroom. 
Just as she walked out, she saw that Qiao Yiyi had already sat on the chair and was about to start eating her breakfast. 
Li Tingting walked over with a frown and asked, “Why didn’t you ask me to join you for breakfast?” 
Qiao Yiyi instantly replied, “I- I was super hungry, sorry. Miss Li, come quick, there are your favorite meatballs.” 
She picked up a meatball and put it in front of her. “Isn’t this your favorite food?” 
Li Tingting: … 
She suddenly recalled the article she had seen yesterday. 
That disgusting feeling suddenly rose within her, causing her to rush into the bathroom again and start vomiting. 
Qiao Yiyi smirked as the woman rushed into the bathroom. 
As she turned her head, she realized that Lu Nanze was looking at her. She hurriedly lowered her head and acted pitiful. “Mr. Lu, what do you think is wrong with Miss Li? Why is her stomach so bad? Aish.” 
Lu Nanze: …!!
###Chapter 1797: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (27) 
After Qiao Yiyi said that, she lowered her head and continued eating. 
Her mouth was very small and thus ate really slowly. Although so, she just kept eating continuously. 
Lu Nanze watched her finish a breakfast meant for two. Everything went into her stomach and only a bowl of porridge was left for Li Tingting. 
Lu Nanze’s gaze shifted to her flat stomach again. 
After eating so much, where did all the food go
When Li Tingting walked out of the bathroom, she no longer had any energy to argue with Qiao Yiyi about breakfast. 
All she had done yesterday evening was vomit. 
And all she had done today was vomit too. All this vomiting had resulted in her feeling weak now. 
She sat on the sofa weakly and only regained a little energy after finishing the bowl of porridge. 
Then she lifted her head once again. Qiao Yiyi had already sat by the hospital bed and was preparing food for Lu Nanze. 
Watching the scene, Li Tingting was filled with envy. She directly took a step forward and said, “Let me feed Second Brother.” 
The moment Qiao Yiyi heard her words, she took a glance at Lu Nanze, finished preparing his breakfast and moved aside. 
Li Tingting took a step forward and picked up the porridge and spoon. Just as she was about to feed him, he said, “My leg is injured but I’m not handicapped. I don’t need you to feed me.” 
Li Tingting: … 
Li Tingting watched Lu Nanze finish his breakfast with a grieving expression. “Second Brother, after I got off work yesterday, I came over to accompany you. Let me accompany you for a walk today.” 
Lu Nanze replied, “It’s alright. I have Qiao Yiyi to take care of me and that’s sufficient. You still have to go to work, I don’t wanna bother you.” 
Li Tingting panicked. “How is this bothering me? If I compare Second Brother and work, obviously Second Brother is the more important one. I can’t work in peace if you’re injured!” 
Even Qiao Yiyi couldn’t take her worried look anymore. 
She blinked and said, “But Mr. Lu is just injured, not like he’s about to die. Miss Li, why are you so worried?” 
Lu Nanze: …! 
Li Tingting: …! 
Both of them were speechless. How could Qiao Yiyi be so straightforward
Lu Nanze looked at Li Tingting again and said, “Ok, since I asked you to leave, you should leave quickly.” 
Since he had already made it so clear, there was no way Li Tingting could stay. She took a glance at Qiao Yiyi unwillingly and then said, “Second Brother, I’ll come and see you after work.” 
Then she left unwillingly. 
When Li Tingting finally left the hospital ward, Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief. 
Although Li Tingting wasn’t causing her any trouble, she would choose not to have her if she could. If she could make her life more comfortable, she would. 
As she thought so, Qiao Yiyi’s brows relaxed. 
The hospital ward’s door was then suddenly pushed open. 
Liang Liang stepped in in his winter clothes and directly went to Lu Nanze. He grabbed his shoulders and demanded, “Lu Nanze, tell me, where exactly is Traceless?” 
He had chased Traceless for the whole night and, although the sky had already brightened, he still couldn’t find any traces of her. 
She really hadn’t left any traces behind. 
Liang Liang was livid, he was breaking down.
###Chapter 1798: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (28) 
Liang Liang really liked Traceless. 
He had never liked someone so much in his life. 
And after what had happened, he had been forced to make a decision. 
But following Lu Nanze’s incident, especially after he had seen Lu Nanze and Traceless fall off the cliff together, how Lu Nanze had helped Traceless escape, how much chemistry they had, and also the look Traceless had given him before leaving last night. nn. 
The glance she had given him had meant she was letting him go. 
It told Liang Liang that Traceless had really gotten over him and that she didn’t like him anymore. 
But how could have this happened
He had been missing Traceless for a good half a year and now, how could Traceless let it go whenever she wanted it
He had to find Traceless and clarify this matter with her personally. 
He stared at Lu Nanze and, before the man could speak, he said again, “Lu Nanze, I just want to find Traceless and clarify some matters with her. You don’t have to deceive me, I know that you know where she is. I promise you that I won’t bring the police to catch her, ok?” 
Lu Nanze’s face sunk. He stared at Liang Liang and replied, “I’m not Traceless, I cannot promise you something like that.” 
His heart suddenly felt sour. 
Allow Traceless to meet Liang Liang. And then
He knew both Traceless and Liang Liang, he was familiar with them. 
Since they had reached this point, there must be a misunderstanding. 
Allowing them to meet would mean allowing them to clear the misunderstanding between them. Would they get together again and ditch him
As this thought flashed through Lu Nanze’s brain, he was sure that he must not let them meet. 
The moment Liang Liang heard his reply, he lowered his head in disappointment. He said dejectedly, “I just want to explain it clearly to her. Ask her why she betrayed me back then. Can you help me ask her and pass a message to her?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and lifted his head up. “What message?” 
Liang Liang opened his mouth and said, “Traceless, half a year has already passed since that happened. If you’re still willing to give me a little trust, then come, meet me and clarify everything with me.” 
Lu Nanze clenched his fist and lowered his head to hide the flash of fluster in his eyes. The he nodded and replied, “If I see her, I will pass the message for you.” 
Liang Liang stared at Lu Nanze and nodded. “Yes, Lu Nanze, we have been brothers since young, you have never done anything to let me down. I know that you will help me to pass the message.” 
After he said that, he turned his head and walked out. 
Since he hadn’t slept at all that night in an attempt to catch Traceless, he was so tired he looked really pessimistic and depressed. Thus as he left, he stuck out his hand to wave at Lu Nanze in a trance and said, “I’ll be waiting for your good news. You can arrange the time and location.” 
Then he walked out of the ward and left. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Liang Liang’s figure and his words flashed across her brain. 
“I just want to ask why she betrayed me back then.” 
Betray him
The person who had betrayed the other party was him, wasn’t it
But- Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and suddenly tightened her fist. 
In the past, whenever she saw Liang Liang, she would get really angry. She had never actually seriously thought about it, but what Liang Liang had said today… He meant that she had betrayed him? But he was the one who had gone back on his words. What exactly had happened?
###Chapter 1799: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (29) 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Since she had had more contact with Liang Liang recently, whenever she saw him now, she was no longer as sad or emotional. 
She could even take on a logical perspective about him 
Hence, what had happened at the time
She suddenly felt the urge to have a proper face-to-face chat with the man, at least, to sort out and clarify the misunderstandings from back then. 
At the very least, even if they had broken up, to give it proper closure. 
She, Traceless, had always been clear when it came to love and hate. She had never liked blurred lines, hence she had to meet with him. 
Furthermore, if she left the planning of this meeting to Lu Nanze, she wouldn’t have to worry about Liang Liang bringing along his men to ambush her. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu Nanze. The man, however, narrowed his eyes. It was hard to tell what he was thinking. 
Perhaps he was thinking of how he could get in touch with her
At this thought, she lowered her gaze. It seemed like Traceless would have to make another appearance tonight. 
– 
All day, as Lu Nanze quietly rested, Qiao Yiyi remained silently by his side. Since she had helped alleviate his pain with that acupressure massage, he didn’t try to make things awkward for her. 
All things considered, they spent a harmonious day together and now night was approaching. 
Qiao Yiyi had been pondering, trying to think of a reason to leave so that Traceless could return. 
At this point, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She lowered her head and saw that the call was from Qiao Gang. 
She instantly frowned. Her first reaction was to ignore the call. 
But just as she was about to hang up, she suddenly had an idea. Wasn’t this the perfect opportunity for her to leave the hospital
Hence, Qiao Yiyi reached for her cell phone and picked up. 
Qiao Gang’s voice sounded at the other end of the line. “Qiao Yiyi, I hear that Mr. Lu was injured. We’re just outside the hospital, may we come in to visit him?” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her gaze upon hearing this and said, “Ok, wait for me. I’ll go over right now.” 
Qiao Gang nodded as he continued, “Sure, we’re at the hospital entrance.” 
Before he could finish, Qiao Yiyi had disconnected the call. 
After hanging up, she looked up and turned towards Lu Nanze. She said, “Mr. Lu, something’s- something’s come up and my brother’s looking for me. I have to go out for a bit. Do you need help to go to the bathroom? I- I won’t take long.” 
Lu Nanze lifted his head to throw her a glance and finally said, “Hmph, you may go.” 
That snort, what did he mean by that
However, Lu Nanze had finally agreed and Qiao Yiyi was immediately relieved. She strode out of the room confidently. 
Once she got downstairs, she spotted Qiao Gang holding a fruit basket. He stood there by the hospital entrance waiting for her. 
Qiao Yiyi walked briskly to him. Qiao Gang immediately said in a tone that was obviously trying to please, “Look, may I go visit Mr. Lu for a short while? After all, this is a rare opportunity.” 
In other words, it wasn’t everyday that Mr. Lu got injured. 
Qiao Yiyi smirked inside. This person Qiao Gang, what a sc*m he was, never missing the tiniest opportunity. But it wasn’t as though Lu Nanze was the easiest person to approach.
###Chapter 1800: Did They Think She Was a Weakling? (30) 
Casting her gaze down, Qiao Yiyi sighed and said, “Uh huh, indeed you should visit him. Mr. Lu has been in a very bad mood ever since he got hurt.” 
She bit her lip at this point and looked extremely nervous. “Brother, you- you should counsel him.” 
She looked as though she was talking about a ferocious tiger when she mentioned Lu Nanze’s name and averted her gaze. 
Qiao Gang was no stranger to Lu Nanze’s temper. When he heard Qiao Yiyi’s comment, his boldness immediately shrank. He smiled awkwardly, handed the fruit basket over to Qiao Yiyi, and said, “Well then, Sister, help me pass this to Mr. Lu. I suddenly remembered that I have some work to do.” 
He turned and walked away at top speed. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at his figure as he walked away. Her lips inevitably curved into a sarcastic smile. 
How scary was this man Lu Nanze, making people avoid him like he was a serpent
She twitched her mouth and looked down at the fruit basket. She extended her hand and then tossed the basket into the trash bin by the side. 
She clapped her hands briefly, turned and walked out, towards the sports car parked nearby. 
After changing into her Traceless’ get up, she put on her mask and reappeared in Lu Nanze’s room in a flash. 
Lu Nanze also seemed to be very conscious of the fact that there was no one else around now, hence he had been staring at the window expectantly. 
Indeed, after a while, he saw a hint of a movement. The next moment, Traceless opened the window and slid in. 
After being in a gloomy mood all day, he suddenly brightened up with Traceless’ arrival. 
He had known it. If Traceless were to come and visit him, she would surely pick the right moment, when there was no one else in the ward. 
Her appearance meant that, at the very least, she was keeping watch on the situation in the ward. Otherwise, how would she have appeared the moment Qiao Yiyi was gone
He looked at her, observing her high ponytail, and felt his mood improving all at once. 
His lips immediately curved into a smile and he said, “You’re here.” 
Traceless had forgotten about the unhappy situation that had taken place the day before and nodded in response. 
She walked over and looked at him for a moment before saying a standard greeting, “How are you doing?” r. 
He felt warm and fuzzy inside as he answered, “Not bad.” 
She left it as that and then continued, “Hmm. Do you have anything to tell me?” 
Lu Nanze quickly said, “Of course. Qiao Yiyi and I are only married on paper, I hope it doesn’t bother you. I understand you may feel it’s unfair right now, but don’t worry, I will settle things with her.” 
Traceless: …!! 
She hadn’t even been thinking about this, but the matter regarding Liang Liang. 
Why was he talking about other things
Traceless grimaced, nodded, and then probed again, “Anything else?” 
Anything else
What else was there
Lu Nanze pondered for a moment and started, “I- Oh, we didn’t talk about this. I wanted to ask you if you might consider dating me. You must have thought about this for the last two days, is there an answer?” 
Traceless: …!! 
This man. Why wouldn’t he mention Liang Liang
And she also couldn’t admit that she knew Liang Liang was looking for her. 
After all, when Liang Liang had said this, there had only been the three of them in the room. If she recognized that she knew Liang Liang was looking for her, wouldn’t she be letting the cat out of the bag
She grimaced and immediately tried to remind him. “Liang Liang went after me last night.”

###Chapter 1801 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (31) 
When Lu Nanze heard Traceless mention Liang Liang’s name, he choked up. He couldn’t explain the feeling, he just didn’t want to talk about that man. 
Hence he only said a faint “oh” and immediately went on to ask, “So have you thought about it?” 
Traceless: …! 
What did this guy mean
Was he unwilling to help her meet up with Liang Liang
As she wondered about this, Lu Nanze continued, “I think we make a good couple, really.” 
Traceless: … 
This man, how had he suddenly become so shameless
The fact was that Lu Nanze had become more astute. 
The night before, he had almost been unable to handle Qiao Yiyi’s very direct and passionate confession. Today, he had started to wonder about his change in attitude towards her. 
At the very least, whilst he had felt annoyed just looking at the girl the previous day, he didn’t feel that way at all as he now looked at her quietly sitting in a corner, as though she didn’t exist. 
He thought that if he made a passionate confession to Traceless, she might also start to feel more positive towards him. 
At the thought of this, sweet words flowed freely from his lips, “Traceless, the first time I set eyes on you, I felt that you were different from everyone else. At the time, I didn’t think that I’d fall in love with you one day. I was just deeply impressed. After that, I realized that although on the surface you are stubborn and arrogant, you have a passionate heart. Then I was attracted to you.” 
The tips of Lu Nanze’s ears turned bright red as he said these things. Traceless , on the other hand, felt rather embarrassed by the speech. 
Why was there a strange similarity between his sweet talk and the things she had said yesterday
This guy, could he be copying her
It simply couldn’t be more pretentious. 
Had she really put on such an act in front of Lu Nanze yesterday
It was no wonder he had bought it. 
Traceless drew her lips back for a moment in a grimace as she reminded him of the more serious business. “I saw that Liang Liang came looking for you yesterday. What did he say
Liang Liang. Liang Liang again. ?α. 
Was that all Traceless could say
Lu Nanze didn’t feel good about it and grunted faintly. Then he said simply, “Not much.’ 
He immediately pointed at the sofa by the side and asked, “Do you want to sit down for a bit? That idiot Qiao Yiyi has gone to see her brother and I don’t think she’ll be back soon.” 
Traceless: 
Bastard, who are you calling an idiot?! 
This was intolerable. 
She winced and forcefully suppressed her anger. 
Noticing that Traceless had gone quiet, Lu Nanze asked again, “‘Where did you stay last night?” 
Traceless gave a frosty laugh, looked at him and said, “Since you’re so intelligent, you should know without me saying.” 
Lu Nanze: m!! 
Why did it sound like this was a response directed at his earlier remark about that idiot
What was wrong with Traceless today? It wasn’t as if he was calling her an idiot. 
Lu Nanze struggled for a bit and lifted his gaze. Traceless stood there looking back at him. “Haven’t you got anything else to tell me?” 
What else was there to say
Wasn’t this confession enough?! 
Lu Nanze looked somewhat at a loss, as he stared at her, dumbfounded. 
Traceless: 
So he really didn’t plan to help her and Liang Liang get in touch. 
This man, how could he act like this? It was just really petty! 
Traceless frowned and turned around to leave..
###Chapter 1802 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (32) 
She’d fly into a rage soon if she continued staying in this room! 
Just as she came to the doorway, Lu Nanze called out, “Traceless, where are you going?” 
Traceless turned around angrily and replied, “I’m leaving. Why would I stay here?” 
Surprised, Lu Nanze asked, “Aren’t you going to take a look at my injury on my leg?” ?nd. ?m
Look my ass! 
Traceless mumbled to herself silently. She’d even touched his leg last night! 
So what was there to see that she hadn’t seen before?! 
She looked up into the sky and rolled her eyes. 
Meanwhile, Lu Nanze was only interested in getting her to talk about other things, but wouldn’t address serious business. This made Traceless all the angrier. She snapped, “What’s there to see? Whatever it is, you’re not going to be crippled. I’ve to go and attend something, so I’ll leave now.” 
As she said this, she was already positioned at the window, ready to jump. Suddenly, she heard Lu Nanze call out, “Traceless, Liang Liang came earlier today. He wanted me to pass you a message.” 
Traceless was shocked. 
She almost fell on her face. 
Couldn’t this person speak a little earlier
She turned around and saw Lu Nanze staring at her. After a moment, he sighed. 
Traceless asked, “What is it?” 
Seeing that Traceless had only stopped when she heard Liang Liangs name, Lu Nanze felt a little upset. 
He had been so seriously injured and Traceless had not even cared. However, when Traceless heard Liang Liangs name, she stopped in her tracks. Besides, she had taken the initiative to mention Liang Liang a few times today. 
Furthermore, when Traceless had come to look for him tonight, she could have done it without making a sound. However, she had made a sound, causing Liang Liang to run after her. 
Did all of this mean that Traceless didn’t actually have any feelings for him and that she still couldn’t forget Liang Liang?! 
These memories flooded Lu Nanze’s mind, causing him to hesitate at once. 
What if their relationship rekindled when they met
Would he become alone again?! 
Lu Nanze frowned at this thought. 
He didn’t want to talk about it. 
However, Qiao Lian’s words from back then flashed through his mind. 
“Sometimes, letting go was a form of fulfillment.” 
He had always been a domineering man, but now, for the first time, he was considerate of Traceless’ feelings. 
If being with Liang Liang would make Traceless happier, then he would let her be. 
At this thought, Lu Nanze couldn’t help but praise Qiao Lian. 
He looked at Traceless. He wanted to say those things, but he didn’t want to either. 
After a few seconds of hesitation, Lu Nanze finally said, “Liang Liang wishes to meet you and tell you that there has been a misunderstanding between the two of you. It would be best if you could clarify it.” 
Traceless was silent. 
She had not expected that in the end, Lu Nanze would relent and spill the beans. 
She had thought that this man would never tell her about it. 
Traceless narrowed her eyes and looked at Lu Nanze. Then, she nodded and said, “Ok. Then I’ll leave it to you to arrange everything.” 
Lu Nanze became businesslike and asked, “What time do you think is suitable?” 
Traceless said, “There’s no time like the present. Let’s do it tomorrow morning.” 
Did she want to meet him tomorrow
Lu Nanze felt even worse. 
Was she that impatient
What was wrong with waiting a few more days
Instead, when he looked up and saw Traceless’ eyes behind the mask, he swallowed his words and said, “Fine, you can choose a cafe. I’ll arrange for people to help you in case you get caught..”
###Chapter 1803 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (33) 
Traceless did not hold back with Lu Nanze and nodded. “Thank you.” 
After saying these two words, she told him the name of a cafe. “Let’s meet at The Coffee Girl.” 
Then, she turned around and jumped out of the window. 
Lu Nanze looked at her figure and sighed. 
Before Traceless had left, she hadn’t even looked at his leg and hadn’t paid attention to him. 
How much did she love him
Lu Nanze couldn’t help but frown as he lay on the bed thinking. 
… 
Qiao Yiyi dashed out of the ward, got into her sports car, and changed her clothes. Only then did she remove all traces of her presence. Then, she continued walking towards the hospital ward. 
Qiao Yiyi felt really tired. 
One moment she was acting as Traceless, the next she was acting as the weak Qiao Yiyi. She was almost suffering from dissociative identity disorder. 
Hence, how could she remember that as Traceless, she had never seen Lu Nanze’s injuries and had to care about them
This created a knot in Lu Nanze’s heart. He was almost holding a rose and plucking at its petals while saying, “She loves me, she doesn’t love me.” 
Qiao Yiyi did not notice the change in Lu Nanze’s mood. She simply walked in and poured him a glass of water. He must have been thirsty after all that he had said. 
Lu Nanze took the glass and took a sip. ? c?
Then, he put the water aside as if he had no appetite and sighed. He quietly took out his cell phone and made a call. “Butler, come over here for a moment. I have something to attend to, so I need you to arrange the matters.” 
After hanging up, the butler arrived at the hospital a few minutes later. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at them and immediately stood up. “Go ahead. I’ll go out for a while.” 
She even knew how to avoid arousing suspicion. It looked like she had good judgment. 
Lu Nanze rolled his eyes at Qiao Yiyi and immediately discussed with the butler about setting up the meeting at the cafe. They had to find out the moment the police arrived and inform Traceless in time. 
These things couldn’t be discussed in a short time. Hence, Lu Nanze and the butler discussed it for two hours before they came up with the best solution. 
In the end, the butler sighed and said, “There are too many people. I’m afraid that we won’t be able to spare that many people for the time being.” 
Lu Nanze pointed at his personal bodyguards and said, “Let them go too. We have to send enough men. I don’t want anything to happen to them.” The butler lowered his head and complied respectfully. 
The next morning, Qiao Yiyi found an excuse to sneak out of the ward. 
Following this, she hailed a cab to the cafe. 
Because the mask was too eye-catching, Traceless would definitely not find a place to wait for Liang Liang in the lobby. Instead, she booked a private room. 
After entering the private room, she sent Lu Nanze a message. 
When Lu Nanze received the message, he called Liang Liang. “Traceless is waiting for you at the cafe.” 
Liang Liang was immediately agitated. “Really?” 
Lu Nanze replied, “Really.” 
Liang Liang said decisively, “I’ll go over now!!” 
“0kay. And be careful not to bring your tail along. Othervvise, don’t blame me for not taking our old relationship into consideration.” 
Liang Liang nodded and said, “Don’t worry, I know. I won’t give Bai Anan any chances this time.” 
After saying this, Liang Liang paused. Before Lu Nanze hung up, he suddenly said, “Lu Nanze, can you answer a question for me first?” 
“What is it?” 
“Why do you care so much about Traceless?!”
###Chapter 1804 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (34) 
Lu Nanze paused when he heard this. He had thought that Liang Liang would eventually ask this question. 
At that time, would it have been better to lie to Liang Liang, or to be honest with him
However, now was not the time to tell Liang Liang that he liked Traceless. 
After all, there were some things between Liang Liang and Traceless that had not been clarified. 
Only after Liang Liang and Traceless had cleared their past could he pursue Traceless without any psychological burden. 
Thus, at this thought, Lu Nanze hung his head and said, “I asked her to steal something for me.” 
Liang Liang was silent for a moment before he spoke again, “So it was you who took her away from the Li family?” 
Lu Nanze nodded. 
Liang Liang was silent for about ten seconds before he finally said, “Thank you.” 
Lu Nanze lifted his head and looked ahead with a puzzled expression, as though he was looking at Liang Liang. Liang Liang continued, ‘Thank you for saving her last time. Otherwise, she might have died there.” These words made Lu Nanze exceptionally uncomfortable. 
Why should Liang Liang thank him for saving Traceless
It was as though Liang Liang and Traceless were closer to each other than they were to him. 
Lu Nanze nodded coldly and said, “I didn’t save her because of you, so I don’t need your thanks.” 
However, Liang Liang did not respond to his remark and continued, “No matter why you saved her, I have to thank you.” 
Then, he continued to stare at Lu Nanze and asked, “1n that case, did you purposely leak the news of Traceless’s death to me later on because you knew that Bai Anan had arranged for someone to ambush Traceless? Did you think that… I was involved?” 
Lu Nanze nodded in a relaxed manner and admitted, “That’s right.” 
Liang Liang was silent for a moment. He seemed to be adjusting his emotions. ‘Why don’t you trust me
Lu Nanze’s reply was direct. “Are you trustworthy?” 
Liang Liang was immediately furious. “We’ve been good friends for so many years. How am I not trustworthy?” 
Lu Nanze kept silent and simply pursed his lips. 
Liang Liang seemed to be able to imagine his cold expression and immediately became a little angry. “What do you mean
Lu Nanze kept silent. 
Liang Liang said angrily, “Lu Nanze, we’ve been brothers for so many years and you don’t even trust me!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he hung up the phone with a bang. He was so angry that he exploded. He paced back and forth in the room before he remembered that he had to go to the cafe to meet Traceless. Hence, he immediately walked out. 
When he reached the door, he halted and turned around. Then, he walked to the mirror and looked at himself. 
He was in his police uniform and looked exceptionally energetic. 
But wouldn’t it be inappropriate to meet Traceless in a police uniform
When this thought came to him, he walked into the bedroom and into his own walk-in closet. 
He hadn’t had time to go to work this morning. When Lu Nanze had called him, he had been on his way to the police station. 
He picked up another set of clothes and secretly changed. 
Then, he walked out. When he reached the door, he suddenly stopped again. 
He turned around and looked at the police uniform that he had thrown on the sofa once again. 
After a moment of hesitation, Liang Liang lowered his head, turned around, and put on the police uniform again. 
He wanted to tell Traceless that he was a police officer and that they were natural enemies..
###Chapter 1805 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (35) 
At that time, Liang Liang would have no choice. After all, Traceless had not listened to him. In the end, he had to respond accordingly as a police officer. 
Hence, she couldn’t blame him. 
He had his own difficulties too. 
However, it was only after a long time that he suddenly realized how laughable his actions were. 
However, by then, it was too late. 
Liang Liang had pursued Traceless for half a year for an explanation. 
But Traceless had not given it to him. 
At this moment, he went to meet Traceless with great confidence. 
However, when he arrived at the cafe and saw the figure of the young girl sitting by the window, all his confidence disappeared. 
He looked in that direction almost greedily, as though he wanted to turn all the longing he had felt in the last half a year into that one look. He wanted to look at her for 10,000 years. 
After some time, Traceless finally realized that Liang Liang had arrived. 
She stood up and looked at Liang Liang. “You’re here.” 
Liang Liang nodded. 
Traceless pointed at the seat opposite her and said, “Take a seat.” 
Her expression made it seem as though they weren’t mortal enemies, but long-lost friends. 
Liang Liang walked to the seat opposite Traceless and sat down. He didn’t know why, but the atmosphere and the rhythm of the moment were all controlled by Traceless. 
He was happy and angry at the same time. In fact, all his attention was on Traceless. The words that he had wanted to say were now completely forgotten. He could only look at this woman. 
Traceless was in no hurry to chat, so she ordered two sets of coffee. 
Although the waitstaff was surprised that Traceless was wearing a silver mask, there were some things that should be said and some things that should not be said. The waitstaff took a few more glances at Traceless and walked out. 
After the waitstaff left, Traceless picked up the cappuccino on the table and took a sip before putting the cup down. 
Liang Liang asked, “Traceless 
Traceless looked up. 
Liang Liang asked, “How have you been in the last half a year
“…Very good.” Traceless smiled. 
The last half a year had been really good. She had disguised herself as Qiao Yiyi and hid in the Lu family home, protected by Lu Nanze. This had saved her a lot of trouble and saved her from a lot of enemies. 
One could say that the last half a year had been even better than before. 
Meanwhile, Liang Liang knew that even if Traceless wasn’t doing well, she would say that she was doing well. Hence, after a pause, he continued, “I’ve been doing alright in the last half a year. I now work with the police. 
Before he could finish, Traceless interrupted him, ‘M,7hat did you call me here to ask?” 
This direct way of asking made Liang Liang choke on his words. 
But at the same time, he felt a sense of familiarity. 
Traceless was like this. She was bold and spoke her mind. 
At that time, it was her honesty that had attracted him. 
Liang Liang choked for a moment. Then, he looked at Traceless and said, “Fine, since that’s the case, let’s just say what we have to today. I just want to ask you, we had a deal back then. Why did you give up on me? Why did you betray me
Why?” 
Liang Liang was a little agitated as he stared at the woman before him. 
He had been blessed by the heavens since he was a child and had rarely thought about others. At the time, he had wanted to be with her so much that he had found such a good opportunity for her. However, she had betrayed them at the last moment. 
For the past half a year, he had been wondering why she had done so..
###Chapter 1806 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (36) 
Why
Qiao Yiyi felt that this was a joke. 
How could Liang Liang have the audacity to ask her such a question
He had been the one who had set her up back then. 
He said that the country needed her help to steal something. 
She believed him. 
Every time they met, although she was cautious, she trusted him. 
They had devised many ways of stealing to help the country with a particular matter. 
This was until the day when she decided on a method and planned to execute it. However, she realized that the item had been stolen. 
She was immediately stunned at that moment. 
Then, she realized that the police had surrounded her. 
At that time, she had really been in a daze. She had even wondered if Liang Liang had lied to her. 
After all, a police officer had come to help her and promised that if she did this well, he would give her a special status as a police officer and let her appear in public… 
In the end, she realized that everything was fake. 
There was grief, sadness, and despair. 
She had all these emotions. 
She looked at the police officers, knowing that she could have escaped. 
However, she had carried Liang Liang all the way to the crime scene. Then, she was forced to the top floor. 
She had been really angry at that time. She had held Bai Anan hostage and threatened Liang Liang to let her go. 
However, she had not expected that Liang Liang would save Bai Anan at the last moment and push her down the building. 
That was a 50- story building. There was nothing along the entire building that could relieve the impact of her fall. If she fell, she would really die. 
She had been devastated at that moment. 
So how could Liang Liang have the face to say this
Qiao Yiyi stared at Liang Liang and laughed coldly. Then, she said, “1 should be the one asking you this, right?” ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
Liang Liang was stunned. “What do you mean
The next moment, he said, “You came the day before and stole it, and now you’re blaming me? I trusted you so much that I gave you the key to the police station, but you used the police station’s system to trick me… Traceless, what’s the use of stealing that thing? Have you ever thought that by doing this, you’ve lost your last chance? And do you know that if you do this, I’ll be in a difficult position in the police station? After that incident, I wasn’t able to face my colleagues for a long time! ” 
At this point, his eyes reddened. “And Ah Mu?€: How could you bear to do that to him?! He was still so young!” Ah Mu
Qiao Yiyi was dumbfounded. Now she remembered. 
When Liang Liang had first met her, he had been accompanied by a fresh graduate who had just graduated from the police station. He had been in his early twenties. 
At that time, the three of them used to play together, laugh together, and make plans together. 
She paused and asked, “What happened to Ah Mu?” 
Liang Liang smiled bitterly and said, “I’ve already settled matters with Ah Mu’s family… But I can’t forgive myself and I can’t forgive you… Traceless, how could you treat him like this? Even though I know you didn’t kill him on purpose, he died because of you.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him in confusion. “What are you talking about? What’s wrong?!” 
As she finished speaking, Liang Liang looked up and stared at her. “At the time, you knocked Ah Mu out in order to steal that thing. However, you didn’t know that after Ah Mu fainted, since no one had discovered him for a long time, he was crushed by something and suffocated to death..”
###Chapter 1807 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (37) 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back as she widened her eyes. “What did you say?” 
She was just wondering why she had rarely seen Ah Mu when she was being pursued. 
So that was the case… 
Ah Mu was a good boy. 
She remembered that when she was with Liang Liang, whenever they had an argument or a conflict, Ah Mu would look at them blankly and helplessly. He would be so nervous and would even coax her like a child. 
Later on, she asked him why he had used such a tone. 
Ah Mu would joke with her and say, “Sister Traceless, that’s because you’re just a child in my eyes…” 
That child was warm and gave people a great feeling. 
But how could this be? Furthermore, what had Liang Liang just said
She looked at him in confusion. “What do you mean? What was stolen in advance? What do you mean I knocked out Ah Mu?!” 
Liang Liang lowered his head and laughed. “Traceless, what’s the point of speaking like this? I’m here today to be honest with you, but do you think your attitude is unnecessary. 
He looked at Traceless and continued, “At that time, when I saw the state Ah Mu was in, I really wanted to kill you to avenge him. That was why I was so ruthless. However, when you were about to fall off the building, I realized that I really couldn’t bear to do it. I regretted it then. Traceless, even though you betrayed me and hurt Ah Mu, I realized that I still couldn’t really give up on you.” 
As he said this, he lowered his head in shame and clenched his fists tightly. “But I’m a police officer. When I face you, I always feel helpless. I know I’ve hurt you deeply, but you have to understand my difficulties too. 
Before he could finish speaking, Traceless suddenly stood up and said, “Let me ask you again, what did you say? What do you mean I stole something in advance? When did I knock out Ah Mu?” 
Liang Liang was stunned when he heard this. “It wasn’t you
Traceless was so angry that she was speechless. “1 don’t even understand what you’re saying! What exactly are you doing?!” 
Liang Liang widened his eyes in shock and stared at Traceless in disbelief. He was momentarily speechless. . Cｍ
He opened and closed his mouth before opening it again. 
However, Traceless suddenly realized something. She put everything together and realized. 
“That thing was stolen a day earlier. So you suspected it was me and the next day, you set up a trap?!” 
Liang Liang pursed his lips, temporarily at a loss for words. 
Traceless laughed coldly and said, “Am I stupid? Would I go back the next day after stealing the item? Why do you think I did that?” 
“I- I can’t explain it clearly, but you were the one who stole the item on the first day. The evidence is conclusive, and the witnesses and physical evidence are all present!” 
“A witness? Who?” 
Liang Liang choked. “Bai Anan.” 
Traceless instantly flashed a half-smile and asked, “Where’s the evidence
‘You dropped your earring there. Besides, all of this was according to our plan.. 
“In that case, if I really stole the thing, would I go back the next day?” 
Liang Liang lowered his head and said, “We all knew that you wouldn’t go, but I still arranged for those people to wait for your arrival… I didn’t think that you would really come…” 
When Traceless heard this, she found it funny. There were so many loopholes but he actually believed that it was her..
###Chapter 1808 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (38) 
Or rather, from the start till the end, Liang Liang had never really believed Traceless. 
She stared at Liang Liang and couldn’t help but laugh. “When the item was stolen, you thought it was me and contacted me. I said I’d be there at night, but you set up a trap… Liang Liang, so this is the truth.” 
She smiled bitterly and suddenly felt that this meeting was really laughable. 
Liang Liang might as well let her continue to misunderstand that he had never liked her. Then, everything would just be a part of his scheme. 
This way, at least she wouldn’t look too stupid and he wouldn’t look too foolish. 
But now… 
Looking at Liang Liang, Traceless was suddenly at a loss for words. 
She had mixed feelings. 
She stared at Liang Liang. 
Liang Liang felt guilty and lowered his head. He clenched his fists tightly and said, “At that time, you probably didn’t even realize that you had dropped the earring. Later on, I found out that you came because you wanted to show that you had no idea about the truth behind the stolen item. After all, if that item had been in your hands, then… you would have never been able to live a good life. Thus, you still came. 
Indeed, that item was too important. 
Othervvise, given Bai Anan and Liang Liangs personalities, how would they be able to control Traceless?! 
The reason why she, Traceless, had been forced to hide in Lu Nanze’s house was because of that item. It had attracted the attention of many people in the pugilistic world. Furthermore, in the last half a year, she had experienced multiple assasination attempts! 
To protect herself, she had sought Lu Nanze’s protection. 
She had always wondered why everyone thought that she had stolen the item. Now she finally understood. 
Liang Liang must have spread the news! 
One could even say that the news had been spread by Bai Anan! 
Bai Anam_ 
At this point, if Traceless still didn’t know Bai Anan’s personality, then she would have lived in vain! e?. 
She clenched her fists tightly and narrowed her eyes. 
Liang Liang raised his head and looked at Traceless. “I know that whatever I say now is redundant. The past can only be in the past. Traceless, I like you. I haven’t been able to forget you in the last half a year, so I’m here again. I’m wearing this police uniform because I want to tell you that apart from liking you, I’m also a police officer! Hand over that thing now and I- I can help you apply for a second-class merit. When the time comes, I’ll let you continue to mix in with the staff. How about that?” 
How was it
Qiao Yiyi revealed a mocking smile and said, “This idea is really not bad 
Liang Liang was delighted. “Do you agree
Qiao Yiyi cast her gaze down and said, “Yes, I agree.’ 
Liang Liangwas overjoyed. “Traceless, I knew it. You’re not the sort of person who doesn’t care about the country! You 
However, before he could finish speaking, Qiao Yiyi laughed coldly and said, 
“It’s a pity that when I tried to call for help, the item wasn’t with me!” 
Liang Liang was stunned. “Who- who did you give it to? Or rather, who did you sell it to?” 
Who had she sold it to
So up till now, had Liang Liang the fool not figured out the entire process of the matter? Did he still misunderstand her and think that she was the real thief
Qiao Yiyi was so angry that she laughed. 
She stared at Liang Liang and said word by word, “Liang Liang, I didn’t even steal that thing!! What’s the point of becoming a thief and stealing that thing?!”
###Chapter 1809 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (39) 
Liang Liang was stunned. “What do you mean?” 
“What I mean is…” Qiao Yiyi said word by word, “I’ve never stolen that thing. Whether you believe me or not, it doesn’t matter! I’m a thief. If I steal that thing, I’ll only cause trouble for myself. You should know better than me what I’ve been like in the last half a year!!” 
Whether you believe me or not… 
As soon as she said this, Liang Liang partly believed her! 
He stared at Traceless in disbelief. 
He thought of Bai Anan’s confession, the place where the item had been stolen, and the earring she had left behind. He thought of Traceless’ cooperation and how she had walked right into the trap. 
He stared at Traceless in shock and opened his mouth to speak, but he realized that he couldn’t utter a word. 
He gulped as Traceless said expressionlessly, “I’ve never thought that you’d be this stupid… You’re a police officer and you have your coat, but have you ever thought about what sort of person I, Traceless, am? I have my own bottom line!! But perhaps, in your eyes, I’ll always be that unpresentable thief. That’s why you’re guessing my identity.” 
Traceless stared at him and said, “That’s why you set me up!! Liang Liang, let me tell you… I’ve never hated anyone in my life, but now I hate you!” 
Liang Liang paused. “Traceless, I 
‘You don’t have to say another word. From now on, we have nothing to do with each other. If you still feel the slightest bit of guilt, then please help me clear my name in the undervvorld. Don’t make me live a life worse than a street rat!” 
Having said this, she turned and walked out. 
Halfway through, someone suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
Traceless turned her head and saw Liang Liang staring at her. “Traceless, I- I 
was really wrong. I misunderstood you___ Traceless, don’t go. I know I was wrong. Can you give me another chance? Since it was a misunderstanding between us and we still love each other deeply, we can’t be apart… The misunderstanding has been resolved. Isn’t that a happy ending?” 
A happy ending
Qiao Yiyi stared at him and felt the irony. 
Putting aside the fact that this misunderstanding had caused her to be in hiding for the past half a year, at the time… 
As she thought of that scene, she felt as though her heart had been cut by a knife. 
She bit her lip and stared at him, saying, “Do you think we can go back to how we were before? Liang Liang, I really don’t know if I should say that you’re innocent or stupid! Have you forgotten how I escaped that day?!”
###Chapter 1810 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (40) 
How did she escape
Liang Liang was stunned at once, but he suddenly thought of something. His pupils shrank as he looked at Traceless. 
Meanwhile, Qiao Yiyi frowned, her expression solemn and sorrowful. She recalled the situation that day. 
Before she went to steal, she changed her clothes seriously and thought about her schedule that night. 
At the time, her mother had stood behind her and asked, “Are you sure you want to go?” 
Traceless nodded. 
Her mother continued, “I just feel that it’s not very reliable. Besides, as a family of thieves, can we really clear our names? Yiyi, Mom just wishes for you to be happy. Isn’t our current state quite good?” 
At the time, Traceless had been young and full of vigor. 
Obviously, she had a lot of skills, but she couldn’t use them. 
She wanted to appear in front of everyone openly. She did not want to be the timid and bullied daughter of the Qiao family’s ex-wife. 
Hence, when she heard her mother’s words, she turned around excitedly and said, “Mom, I want to clear our names!” 
Her mother was stunned. Qiao Yiyi’s face, which was 90% similar to hers, was filled with sorrow and worry. “I’m worried about you.. ” 
‘Mom, how would we know if we don’t try?” 
Her mother continued asking her, “Why are you so stubborn? Thieves and police officers will not have a good ending!” 
Qiao Yiyi did not answer and simply walked out. 
Her mother shouted after her, “Yiyi, haven’t I taught you enough? Your father, he… I just don’t want you to get hurt, you 
Before she could finish, Qiao Yiyi halted and turned around to look at her. ‘Mom, do you know why I have to go
Mom shook her head. “I don’t know.” 
Qiao Yiyi smiled bitterly and replied, “Because I don’t want my daughter to be a thief too.” 
Her mother was simply stunned. 
She still remembered the hurt on her mother’s face back then. 
Traceless. 
She sounded unrestrained and cool, but how many people knew that she only wanted to be an ordinary person and lead an ordinary life?! 
She knew that these words had hurt her mother. 
But these were her heartfelt words. 
When her mother had taught her to be a thief, she had already blamed her mother. 
However, that was her status. She couldn’t choose her status, and she couldn’t choose her family background. 
But now that she had a chance to clear her name, why shouldn’t she work hard
Hence, she ignored her hurt mother and turned to leave. 
She would use her clean slate to show her mother how blissful it was to be an ordinary person. 
But she had never thought that the outcome would be like this. 
After going through so much, she arrived at the item which had already been stolen and picked up the box. However, when she realized that its weight was off and there was nothing in it, her heart turned cold. 
Not only was she unwilling to accept Liang Liangs deception, she was even more unwilling to accept what she had said to her mother.. 
Furthermore, when she was pushed away by Liang Liang and was about to fall off the 58th floor of the building, she realized that if she fell, her body would be smashed into pieces! 
In her panic, she threw the rope in an attempt to grab something next to her. 
However, the floor of the rooftop was smooth and it was impossible to grab onto it. 
The other end of the rope slid across the ground and her body slowly descended! 
Her mother’s words flashed through her mind. 
“A thief and a police officer can never be together..”
###Chapter 1811 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (41) 
It was said that the older the ginger, the spicier it was. It was Qiao Yiyi’ fault for not believing her mother, and it was her fault for misunderstanding her mother’s intentions… Now, she probably wouldn’t have the chance to apologize to her mother. 
She shut his eyes in extreme pain. 
However, at this point, she finally heard that familiar voice, “Yiyi!” 
She widened her eyes as she saw her mother rushing over. Her mother practically ran over and fell on the ground, firmly grabbing the other end of the rope! 
She was standing on the top floor, tugging at the rope with all her might. With an anxious expression on her face, she stared at Qiao Yiyi and said, “Hurry up and come up!” 
When Qiao Yiyi saw her mother, she was stunned. 
But if she wanted to climb up, it would take a very long time. 
At this point, they could hear Bai Anan saying, “Hurry, catch her accomplice!” 
The surrounding police officers rushed towards her mother! 
As Qiao Yiyi tried to climb up, she said, “Mom, let go!” 
If her mother let go now, she would die. However, with her mother’s stretched out hand, escaping wouldn’t be a problem! 
However, her mother shook her head and stared at her calmly. “Trust me, come up here. Hurry up.” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and tried to climb up. 
She was using all her strength to pull the rope. 
Qiao Yiyi could still remember how insecure she had felt when she was floating in the air. However, when she saw her mother, she knew that nothing would happen to her. 
She bit her lip. 
Meanwhile, her mother stood on top of the building and watched as the police officers slowly walked over. She smiled and then picked up a lighter. She flicked it open and threw it on the ground. 
At once, a sea of flames rose from the ground of the rooftop! 
Only then did Qiao Yiyi realize that her mother must have been worried about her and had set this up beforehand! i?d. o
She must have poured gasoline on the ground. 
The surrounding police officers immediately retreated and shouted, “There’s a fire! Quick, get out of the way!” 
In a short period of time, the flames of the gasoline would not be extinguished and the police would not be able to get close. 
Qiao Yiyi quickly climbed up. 
At this point, Bai Anan spoke again, “They’re trying to escape! Shoot them!” 
As she said this, Qiao Yiyi saw that someone was shooting at her. 
At a time like this, her mother could dodge. 
But if she moved, Qiao Yiyi’s rope would fall! 
Hence, she stood there and took two shots! 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank as she shouted, “Mom!” 
Following this, she rushed to the rooftop and hugged her mother. 
Only then did she realize that the bullets had hit her mother’s chest. Large amounts of blood gushed out, leaving Qiao Yiyi at a loss. 
In her panic, she heard her mother shout, “Run!” 
Qiao Yiyi snapped out of her daze and immediately lowered her head. She carried her mother on her back and quickly ran away! 
Before she had run away, she had heard Liang Liang yell angrily, “Traceless!” 
When she turned around in the sea of fire, she had seen Liang Liang’s flustered and exasperated figure. In his nervousness, there had been a tinge of guilt and a hint of fear in his eyes. 
The corners of her lips turned upwards as she said, “Goodbye.” 
They would never meet again. 
Then, she took her mother away from the fire. 
When Qiao Yiyi thought of that scene, she was shaken to the core and was exceptionally sad..
###Chapter 1812 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (42) 
Qiao Yiyi thought that she had done something wrong and would never have the chance to tell her mother that the words she had said before she left were too harsh. She hadn’t had the chance to apologize to her mother… 
As she contemplated this, Liang Liang grabbed her shoulders. She looked up and saw that he seemed to have realized something. He stared at her in shock. “You’re saying that the woman who saved you the other day—” 
Qiao Yiyi’s lips turned upwards in a mocking smile. She laughed bitterly and said slowly, “That’s my mother.” 
Liang Liang immediately widened his eyes. 
That was her mother… 
Furthermore, that day, he had seen the woman’s injuries clearly. The bullets had pierced through her chest, so she probably didn’t have long to live. 
If Traceless’ mother didn’t have long to live, then he and Traceless… might have no chance at all. 
At this thought, Liang Liang clenched his fists tightly. He stared at Traceless with a look of despair that he had not realized himself. 
Initially, he had been holding onto Traceless’ shoulders tightly, afraid that she would leave. He wanted to take back Traceless, but now he slowly let go. 
What right did he have to ask Traceless to forgive him
It was because of his stupidity that Traceless’ mother had lost her life! 
He stared at Traceless and said after a pause, “I- I’ve let Auntie down._ ‘ 
Qiao Yiyi laughed derisively and said, “It’s good that you know. But you don’t have to be sad, my mom isn’t dead.” Liang Liang paused and looked up. “This 
Impossible! 
With such injuries, how could she not have died
As these thoughts ran through his mind, Traceless continued, “Our family knows a rather strange doctor. It’S said that he’S very good at treating external inj uries. After I escaped with my mother, my mother arranged everything. I was in charge of returning to the Qiao family home to attract attention and protect myself. Then, she secretly went overseas to treat her injuries. In the last half a year, my mother would always send me updates. She has almost fully recovered. ” 
Liang Liang heaved a sigh of relief when he heard this. 
At least things hadn’t reached the point of no return. 
Fortunately, Auntie was not dead! 
He gulped and looked at Traceless. After a while, he said, “Traceless, I- I 
Before he could finish speaking, they suddenly heard police sirens outside! 
Traceless’ pupils shrank at once. She turned around and looked at Liang Liang sharply! 
Liang Liang frowned and waved his hand, saying, “It wasn’t me! It couldn’t have been me. Lu Nanze and I are friends, how could I have harmed him? Traceless, you have to believe me… 
As he said this, Bai Anan’s voice sounded through the loudspeaker. “Traceless, listen up, we’ve surrounded this cafe! If you cooperate and turn yourself in, we will spare your life! Otherwise, we can raze this cafe to the ground!” 
Traceless narrowed her eyes at Bai Anan’s confident and overbearing voice. 
She turned around and gave Liang Liang a mocking look. 
Liang Liang said in shock, “It wasn’t me, I didn’t, I 
Traceless laughed icily and said, “Don’t you know your own cell phone is being monitored?” 
Liang Liang suddenly realized this. 
Under Traceless’ mocking gaze, his face immediately turned red! 
He was so embarrassed that he couldn’t even lift his head. He hung his head in shame, not knowing where to place his hands.. He was a police officer, but he didn’t even have the slightest bit of vigilance!
###Chapter 1813 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (43) 
Traceless had always thought that Liang Liang was a qualified police officer. 
However, now she suddenly realized that Liang Liang’s stupidity was simply laughable. 
She looked away. In her mind, she recalled the time when Liang Liang had single-handedly solved a big case. He had been in high spirits… But now, it looked like in the last half a year, the emotional trauma had caused his intelligence to drop. 
As Traceless thought about this, she couldn’t bring herself to feel happy. 
It felt like a joke. 
She smiled and looked ahead again. 
Liang Liang had already taken a step forward and stood in front of Traceless. “Take me hostage and I’ll cooperate with you to escape.” 
Upon hearing this, Traceless turned around and looked at him as though she was looking at a fool. “Bai Anan knows our relationship the best. What do you think? Would she think that I would really kill you?!” 
Liang Liang frowned and said, “Then I’ll shield you…” 
Before he could finish speaking, he fell silent. So what if he was shielding her
There were snipers behind them! 
Given Bai Anan’s personality, she would have surrounded them with many armed police at this moment! 
The armed police were different from the police. They were warriors who had undergone special training! 
It was hard for Traceless to escape from this place today. 
Liang Liang frowned, but he saw that Traceless’ expression was as calm as ever. Apart from a hint of nervousness in her eyes, there was no trace of fear. 
He couldn’t help but ask, “Do you know how to escape
“1 don’t.” 
Traceless told him the truth. “1’m not familiar with this cafe. Besides, I’ve scouted the surroundings and it’s not suitable for me to escape.” 
Liang Liang was puzzled. ‘ISO you’re not worried at all?!” 
Traceless turned around and looked at Liang Liang. “That’s because this is the place that Lu Nanze has arranged. He must have thought about what would happen if I was discovered by the police. So we just have to wait for help, protect ourselves, and let him rescue me!” 
Liang Liang was speechless. 
She had only known Lu Nanze for a few days, but it looked like she trusted him a lot. 
This trust that came from the bottom of her heart was something that she had never felt for Liang Liang. 
This was just like back then when they were dating. He had confessed and she had accepted his confession. 
However, every time they met, she would still be on guard and think of all sorts of escape routes. But now, she had come to see him without a plan
A sense of unhappiness rose in Liang Liang’s heart. 
Jealousy filled his heart. 
How much did she trust Lu Nanze?! 
This discovery made him frown. He took a deep breath and suppressed the discomfort in his heart. Then, he walked to the window and looked out. 
He immediately said, “There should be snipers in all four directions. You have to choose a blind spot to protect yourself. In addition, there are about a hundred of them. 
A hundred
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but smile. “Bai Anan really thinks highly of me!” 
Unfortunately, this sort of respect was not a good thing. 
It would not be easy for them to escape from 100 members of the special force. 
At this thought, Liang Liang shouted, “Oh no, they’re attacking!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank at once.. “So soon? Aren’t they afraid of hurting others?!”
###Chapter 1814 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (44) 
Under normal circumstances, when the police surrounded a place, they would definitely think of ways to get ordinary people to clear the way. They wanted others to get out to prevent harming the innocent. 
But now, this group of police officers had actually started to attack! 
Qiao Yiyi was astonished by Bai Anan’s methods. 
Meanwhile, Liang Liang paused for a moment and said, “That’s because she’s sure that you wouldn’t harm the innocent.” 
Traceless’ pupils shrank at those words! 
She suddenly realized that she had been bullied! 
It was because Bai Anan knew that she wouldn’t harm the innocent that she was so unscrupulous! 
However, when she turned to look, she saw that the people around were starting to panic. They stood up and ran towards the door. 
There was a parent with a child who had lost a shoe in the chaos. 
They were all like this… Every one of them was from an ordinary family. 
There was no way she could actually take any of them hostage. 
In that case, was surrendering the only thing she could do now
No matter how fast Lu Nanze’s men were, it would take a while. 
There was no way she could escape now. She could only wait. 
Qiao Yiyi hid in the blind spot of the sniper rifles, staring at the people and things outside. 
The ordinary people in the cafe were frantically trying to escape, and the surroundings were bustling with noise! 
And exactly at this point in time. 
Suddenly, the police threw in a few smoke bombs! 
The smoke was so thick that no one was able to open their eyes. Everyone started to cough violently! 
At this point, the main door was flung open. Immediately, the police officers stood there shouting, “Unrelated personnel, come out quickly!” 
His words caused a commotion among the crowd and they started to run in that direction. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank back at once. She wondered if she would be able to blend in with the crowd and leave the room. 
At this thought, she took a step forward. Just as she was about to move forward, a bullet suddenly shot at her feet! 
If it hadn’t been for her sharp sense of danger that had caused her to stop in time, the bullet would have surely penetrated her foot bone! 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank as she looked in the direction of the shot. 
However, the room was foggy and her eyes were sore and painful. She could not open them at all. 
Under such circumstances, it was impossible to tell who was who! 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. She knew that she had been targeted by the sniper and could not leave the corner. If she did, she would be killed immediately! 
So what should she do now?! 
As she contemplated this, there was a sudden commotion among the crowd! 
Someone shouted, “Someone fired!” 
Everyone covered their heads and squatted on the ground, screaming in fright! 
None of them dared to walk out. 
The special forces were a little anxious. “Hurry up and come out! Don’t waste time!” i?r. m
However, everyone was terrified and no one dared to move, afraid that they would be hit. 
The special force officers felt helpless. At this point, they heard Bai Anan’s voice, “Go in and search!” 
As soon as she said this, the special forces immediately put on their special glasses and charged into the room filled with smoke! bombs 
Although Qiao Yiyi couldn’t see clearly, she could hear what was going on. 
She knew that this was her only chance to escape! 
If she couldn’t escape now, she might really be trapped here! 
She couldn’t just sit back and do nothing.. If she stayed here, she would be found by the special forces and taken away by them!
###Chapter 1815 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (45) 
After Liang Liang hung up and headed to the cafe, Lu Nanze, who was still in the hospital, suddenly felt uneasy. 
He had been thinking. If the misunderstanding between Traceless and Liang Liang were to be resolved, would the two of them return to normal
After all, it wasn’t as though Traceless didn’t have feelings for Liang Liang. If she really didn’t have feelings for him, she wouldn’t have mentioned him in her sleep on the night that she had a fever. 
Furthermore, there was no need to mention Liang Liang’s feelings for Traceless. In the last half a year, there hadn’t been a day that he had forgotten her. 
Hence, the two of them… 
Just the thought of this made Lu Nanze restless. 
All his life, apart from liking Qiao Lian in the past, Traceless had been the first woman he had liked. 
However, he had just confessed his love. Was it going to end like this
With his eyes closed, he contemplated these questions. As he did so, he suddenly sat up and picked up his cell phone. “Butler, immediately arrange for someone to take me to the cafe!” 
No matter what happened, he had to see it with his own eyes. 
If Traceless and Liang Liang really made up, then he would give up and see it as having sacrificed himself to help them. 
And if they didn’t reconcile… That would be even better. 
Lu Nanze had never been one to sit back and do nothing. Even in the worst case scenario, he had to see it for himself. 
When the butler heard this, he was stunned. “Sir, your leg 
“Just do as I say! Cut the crap!” 
When Lu Nanze got angry, no one could control him. 
The butler did not dare to say another word and started to make arrangements. 
The cafe that Qiao Yiyi had chosen was near the hospital, so it would be easier for her to return to the hospital as Madam Lu after meeting Liang Liang. 
Hence when Lu Nanze arrived, Liang Liang had not arrived. 
He got someone to book a room in the private room next to Traceless’. 
Then, he sat there quietly, waiting for Traceless and Liang Liang to meet. 
He couldn’t hear what they were saying clearly from the private room, but he could tell that Traceless’ voice was cold and stiff, as though she didn’t want to forgive Liang Liang.._ 
Lu Nanze heaved a sigh of relief. However, at this point, the police arrived. 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes. 
How had the police arrived so quickly
It wasn’t that he hadn’t considered a strategy to escape, but activating it would take time! 
Traceless had to wait for him. 
Hence, he followed the butler and dragged his injured leg as he pretended to be an innocent man among the crowd. 
When he realized what the police were up to, Lu Nanze shouted at the top of his voice, ” Someone’s shooting! ” It caused a commotion! 
As long as these people did not leave the room, Traceless should be safe. 
However, in the end, Lu Nanze had underestimated the special forces who had charged right in! 
This was bad! 
They had already locked onto Traceless’ position. If they rushed over, they would be able to capture her! 
He looked to the side and saw that the special forces were slowly approaching Traceless! 
At this point, as long as Traceless kept her cool, she would be able to escape! 
However! 
Traceless was obviously not the type to sit back and do nothing. 
She moved! 
She would rather take a gamble than stay here and wait for death! 
Unfortunately… She was injured and her movements were a little slow. As a result, even though she could simply dodge into the crowd and prevent the sniper from finding their target, she paused for a moment.. Then, a bullet was shot directly at the back of her head!!
###Chapter 1816 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (46) 
The bullet was too fast. Besides, it was aimed at Traceless! 
Almost without thinking, Lu Nanze dragged his injured leg and charged forward! 
Amidst the swirling smoke, he grabbed Traceless’ head and threw himself on her! 
At once! 
“Ptui!” 
The sound of the bullet hitting flesh could be heard. 
The moment Qiao Yiyi made her move, she knew she was in trouble! 
She wasn’t as agile as before, so there was no way she could dodge the bullet that was coming at her from behind! e?. cm
In her panic, she was pushed onto the ground. 
At this point, someone exclaimed, “Someone fired!” 
She didn’t even have time to turn around to see who had pushed her away. The people around her surged over and directly separated her from the other party! 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes as Liang Liang shouted, “Traceless! Traceless!” 
Qiao Yiyi turned around. Just as she was about to look for him, someone suddenly grabbed her arm and said in a low voice, “Come with me!” 
Traceless had now blended into the crowd. The sniper didn’t dare to shoot as he was afraid of injuring the ordinary people. Meanwhile, Traceless lowered her head and followed that person. She directly rushed to a corner that no one noticed. Immediately, that person opened a secret door and said, “Follow me!” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. 
She knew that Lu Nanze must have arranged this! 
Hence, she followed him into the secret room without hesitation. 
Qiao Yiyi only heaved a sigh of relief when they entered the room. 
Lu Nanze held Qiao Yiyi down and used his own body to shield her from a bullet. 
The next moment, his men approached him and grabbed his arm. However, he lowered his voice and ordered, “Save Traceless!” 
Then, he fell on the ground and watched helplessly as Traceless was rescued. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief. At this point, he felt a sharp pain from the wound on his leg and the bullet wound. His vision darkened and he fainted! 
And no one saw it. 
In the distance, the sniper had hidden himself among the crowd because he had shot Traceless. 
The sniper did not dare to shoot Traceless again. 
Meanwhile, Bai Anan stood at the side with a pair of binoculars and observed the situation carefully. Then, she ordered, “She’s in the crowd, hurry up and kill her!” 
The sniper couldn’t help but say, “But at this distance and with her in the crowd, I can’t guarantee anything. I 
Before she could finish speaking, Bai Anan immediately said, “1 order you to shoot! Kill Traceless!” 
The sniper gripped his sniper rifle tightly and said after a moment, “I’m sorry, I can’t carry out your orders!” 
Enraged, Bai Anan pushed the sniper aside and hid herself in that spot. 
Bai Anan’s basic skills had to be very solid to be able to become a police officer. Very quickly, she found her target. She narrowed her eyes and fired a shot in that direction. 
“Bang!” 
The bullet was fired! 
However, the next moment, Liang Liang suddenly stood up because he couldn’t find Traceless. 
At this point, the bullet hit his chest! 
Bai Anan’s heart instantly jumped! 
She sprang up from her seat and glared at Liang Liang. 
She watched as Liang Liang shouted, “Traceless!” Then, he fell onto the ground! 
Bai Anan was so nervous that her face turned pale. She stared at Liang Liang and the next moment, she went to look for Traceless. However, she realized that Traceless had already disappeared from the cafe..
###Chapter 1817 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (47) 
Qiao Yiyi followed the man all the way out, around the cafe and straight into a building on the side. 
Following the man, she continued to walk towards the underground car park. Very soon, Traceless found her sports car. 
She stood in front of her sports car and stared at the man. “Please thank Mr. Lu for me.” 
The man looked at Traceless and hesitated for a moment. Then, he nodded and said, “Ok.” 
Qiao Yiyi got into the car and simply drove away. 
Along the way, she wondered who had pushed her away and saved her today. 
Was it Liang Liang
She frowned and wasn’t sure for the time being. 
Very soon, she was far away from the source of the trouble. She quickly went to the hospital, changed into Qiao Yiyi’s clothes, and headed upstairs to the ward. 
She had to find Lu Nanze quickly and return to his side to protect herself. 
But unexpectedly… 
Just as she arrived at the door of the ward, she was stopped by the butler. “Sir said that he wants to be alone for a while and no one is to disturb him.” d. 
Qiao Yiyi stood at the doorway and stared at the ward. What was wrong with this guy
She twitched her mouth and sat in the corridor. She picked up her cell phone and started reading the news. 
Then, she saw a piece of news. 
[Police Officer Liang was injured in the attempt to capture Traceless! He has been sent to Hospital One for treatment!] 
When Qiao Yiyi saw this piece of news, she immediately stood up! 
She could already see that Liang Liangs face was pale and there was a large pool of blood on his chest! 
She suddenly recalled Liang Liangs loud roar after she had been pushed away. 
In addition to despair and anxiety, there seemed to be weakness and pain in the way he had called her name. Why was he in pain
That was because he had been shot! 
So?€: Was the person who had saved her Liang Liang?! 
Qiao Yiyi widened her eyes as she stared at the words “brink of death” on the news report. She stood up immediately and rushed to the emergency room. 
When Qiao Yiyi arrived at the emergency room, the ambulance had already arrived. 
Immediately, she saw a group of doctors and nurses pushing Liang Liang’s bed into the operating theater! 
Meanwhile, Liang Liang’s face was pale and his eyes were shut. He looked as though he was going to stop breathing at any moment. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at his face and clenched her fists tightly. Suddenly, she felt that her already numb heart was showing signs of recovery. 
She stared at Liang Liang. 
This man?€: No matter how stupid he was, he really liked her! 
In that situation, the person who had been able to push her away so quickly must have been relying on his own instincts. 
Thus, in Liang Liang’s eyes, was her life more important than his own?! 
She stared at Liang Liang as he was taken into the operating theater. A complex expression flashed across her eyes. 
She really did not know how to face Liang Liang now. 
At this point, Bai Anan ran up to them, panting. She stood at the doorway and looked at the operating theater worriedly. She grabbed the doctor’s hand and said, “Doctor, you must try your best to save him! You must save him! Sob, sob, sob 
The doctor looked at Bai Anan and nodded. “We will do our best.’ 
“Don’t do your best! I absolutely want him alive. I don’t want him to die!” 
Bai Anan shouted at the top of her voice, “He has to live!”
###Chapter 1818 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (48) 
“He has to live!” 
After Bai Anan said this, her tears started to flow. 
She had never intended for Liang Liang to die! 
She loved Liang Liang very much! 
How could she possibly let Liang Liang die
But why would Liang Liang want to be with Traceless
In that situation, if Liang Liang hadn’t been with Traceless, she wouldn’t have accidentally hurt him! 
Liang Liang must not die. She had done everything for him. 
If Liang Liang was dead, then what was the point of targeting Traceless?! ?α. 
As Bai Anan thought about this, she started to cry. She watched the doctor close the door of the operating theater and then walked over dejectedly. 
At this point, she suddenly saw Qiao Yiyi sitting on a chair in the long corridor, staring at her quietly. 
Bai Anan paused when she saw Qiao Yiyi. “Why are you here?” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her gaze and explained, “Mr. Lu asked me to come and take a look.” 
Bai Anan didn’t think much of it and nodded. 
Then, she sat next to Qiao Yiyi. 
Perhaps it was because she had no one to confide in, or perhaps it was because she had been too shocked today, but Bai Anan actually had a rare desire to confide in Qiao Yiyi. ‘We are engaged.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Bai Anan continued, “‘But do you know? There was always a girl in his heart, and he couldn’t forget her no matter what.” 
Qiao Yiyi hung her head in silence. 
Bai Anan continued, “It’s been more than half a year. He often wakes up calling her name, and he has never given up looking for her… How long do you think a woman can live in a man’s heart?” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and said in a cold voice, “No matter what, you are still engaged.” 
Bai Anan burst out laughing. “Engaged? This engagement is fake too!” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this. She immediately looked up and stared at Bai Anan in disbelief. 
Bai Anan laughed icily and said, “At the time, I was kidnapped and had a mental illness. I needed him by my side to feel safe, so I proposed to him. In order for me to get good treatment, my father went to beg him to agree for the time being… Isn’t our marriage a joke?!” 
Qiao Yiyi was silent. 
She was simply shocked. 
There were a few reasons why she had given up on Liang Liang. 
And his engagement to Bai Anan was one of them! 
If he had really liked her, he wouldn’t have gotten engaged to Bai Anan within a month of that incident. 
She found it laughable that Liang Liang was pestering her now. 
He was a man with a fiancée. What right did he have to pester her
But now, she realized that the marriage arrangement between them had been fake! 
It was fake. 
This showed that Liang Liang had never forgotten her. 
Qiao Yiyi stood up at once and stared at the door of the operating theater. She felt an inexplicable mix of complex emotions. Suddenly, she didn’t know how to face Liang Liang! 
She liked Liang Liang. 
However, after the misunderstanding, she had managed to dilute her own feelings in the past half a year. However, at this moment, the little bit of feelings that were left behind showed signs of growth because of Bai Anan’ s words. 
He could even take a bullet for her.. How could she let him down?
###Chapter 1819 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (49) 
As Qiao Yiyi contemplated this, she heard Bai Anan sneer and say, “Why am I telling you so much?!” 
After Bai Anan finished speaking, she lowered her head and looked a little sad. 
However, there was a look of hatred in her eyes. “That woman stole my man’s heart. I will never let her off!” 
Qiao Yiyi remained silent. 
Ignoring what Bai Anan was saying, Qiao Yiyi simply continued staring at the operating theater. 
She clenched her fists tightly and prayed in her heart. “Liang Liang, you must get better.” 
“Otherwise, I will owe you for the rest of my life…” 
“You must, you must, you must wake up…” 
… 
At the same time, Lu Nanze was taken to a private hospital by his men. 
He was awake now, but the wound on his leg caused him to be in unbearable pain. 
This was because when he lunged forward to push Traceless away, the bullet hit his thigh again! 
Furthermore, it coincidentally hit his wound! 
Hence, his legs were numb right now! 
Someone tended to his wound and performed an operation to remove the bullet. 
After all of this was done, Lu Nanze said unhurriedly, “No one is to speak of what happened tonight.” 
Although he had saved Traceless, he didn’t want to force her to return the favor. 
He liked Traceless, so he wanted her to like him. He didn’t want her to agree to his confession from back then because of her gratitude. 
Hence, at the very least, he could not tell her about this before she agreed. 
Besides, if Traceless were to hear that he had been in the cafe, what would he say
Should he say that he had followed her because he was worried
He had to keep this matter to himself and not let anyone know about it. 
Otherwise, it would be too embarrassing. 
At this thought, Lu Nanze sighed. Then, his cell phone rang. 
He picked up the call and heard the butler’s voice, “Mr. Lu, Police Officer Liang Liang is seriously injured. He is now in the operating room of the emergency room. His life is in danger!” 
His life was in his danger! 
Lu Nanze’s pupils shrank at once when he heard these words. 
No matter what, Liang Liang had been his childhood friend. How could he be on the brink of death?! 
He immediately said, “Ok, I’ll be right there.” 
He waited for the nurses and doctors to treat his wound and bandage it. 
Since the bullet happened to hit his original wound, no one could tell that he had just been shot. 
Then, he said, “Back to the hospital!” 
Qiao Yiyi and Bai Anan did not speak. This was because as time passed, the situation in the operating room became unpredictable. 
The operation had been going on for four hours. 
They had no idea what was going on inside, or if Liang Liang would be able to make it. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and looked around nervously. 
After a while, she heard the sound of a wheelchair sliding. 
She paused and turned around. Lu Nanze was in a wheelchair being pushed by the butler. He was heading towards them. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and immediately stood up. 
Lu Nanze’s face was unusually pale and he looked weak from the blood loss. 
Had he… rushed over the moment he heard about Liang Liang’s accident
As Qiao Yiyi contemplated this, Lu Nanze also noticed her presence.. Thus, he frowned and asked curiously, “Why are you here?!”
###Chapter 1820 – Did They Think She Was A Weakling? (50) 
Qiao Yiyi immediately lowered her head and found an excuse. “I went to look for you, but the butler wouldn’t let me in, so I stayed in the hospital. Then, I heard that something had happened to Liang Liang, so I came to take a look.” 
Lu Nanze nodded upon hearing this. 
He wasn’t concerned about Qiao Yiyi’s presence. Then, his gaze fell on the entrance of the operating theater. 
He wondered if Liang Liang’s operation would be a success. 
If Liang Liang’s operation had failed, Traceless would surely remember him for the rest of her life. After all, his death would be related to Bai Anan’s plan of capturing Traceless. 
Bai Anan… 
At the thought of this woman, Lu Nanze couldn’t help but turn his head and look at the woman sitting dejectedly on the chair in the corridor. 
He narrowed his eyes as hatred welled up within him. 
If it hadn’t been for this woman, Traceless wouldn’t have faced so much trouble, and his leg wouldn’t have been injured! 
All of this was this woman’s doing! 
At this thought, he frowned and smirked. 
But now was not the time to deal with her. He had to see if Liang Liang would wake up. 
At this thought, he continued to stare at the operating theater. 
After some time, the door of the operating theater finally swung open. 
The doctor and nurses pushed Liang Liang out of the room. 
Bai Anan suddenly stood up and stared in that direction. She was so nervous that she didn’t dare to approach them. 
Qiao Yiyi was also standing at the periphery of the crowd, looking in that direction nervously. 
If Liang Liang died, she would owe him too much. 
Thus, Liang Liang must not die! 
At this thought, she heard the doctor say, “His life has been saved, but he needs to be sent to the intensive care unit for observation. If he can survive these three days, he should be fine.” 
Everyone nodded simultaneously as they watched the nurses push Liang Liang into the intensive care unit. 
Bai Anan followed them. When Lu Nanze saw this, he suddenly turned to the butler and said, “Get someone to take care of Liang Liang.” 
The butler nodded. 
Then, Lu Nanze pushed his wheelchair out. 
He had lost too much blood and had been suffering for a long time. He was already feeling a little dizzy. At this moment, he simply wanted to return to his ward and rest. 
But as he traveled, he suddenly realized something. He immediately turned his head and saw that Qiao Yiyi was still standing on the spot. Her gaze fell on Liang Liang’s bed in the distance. 
He frowned. For some reason, he felt a little uncomfortable. He simply coughed and said, “What are you doing there?” 
Qiao Yiyi paused and realized that she had been distracted. She quickly turned around and walked to Lu Nanze’s side, asking, “Mr. Lu, what’s the matter?” 
Lu Nanze narrowed his eyes and stared at her. After a while, he said, “You seem to be very close to Liang Liang.” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately lowered her head and said, “Mr. Lu, you’re thinking too much… I just thought that you’d be worried about Officer Liang, so I took a look.” 
Lu Nanze cast his gaze down and said, “You seem to know a bit about medicine. What do you think of Liang Liang’s wound?” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately said, “It’s very dangerous.” 
It’s very dangerous! 
Lu Nanze’s heart sank at once. 
He looked at Qiao Yiyi and said after a moment, “Go take care of him.” 
Qiao Yiyi paused and looked at him, puzzled. Lu Nanze said, “Take care of him. Make sure he wakes up. ” 
Othervvise, Traceless would never forget him..
###Chapter 1821 – Darling, That Wasn’T Love (1) 
The last time Qiao Yiyi had massaged Lu Nanze’s wound, he had felt that it wasn’t that painful. He had realized that perhaps Qiao Yiyi knew more about injuries. 
Hence, he now assigned Qiao Yiyi to look after Liang Liang. 
He hoped that Liang Liang would wake up. 
Firstly, Liang Liang was his good friend. He didn’t want his friend to die just like that. 
Furthermore, if Liang Liang died, Traceless might not be able to get over this knot in her heart. 
Hence, no matter what, he could not let Liang Liang die. 
Meanwhile, Qiao Yiyi wanted to watch over Liang Liang, so she immediately agreed. “Ok.” 
After she said so, she turned and walked away without any reluctance. 
That look on her face made Lu Nanze feel quite uncomfortable. 
… 
Qiao Yiyi came to Liang Liang’s ward and stared at his wound. 
At the side, Bai Anan was on the phone. When she saw Qiao Yiyi, she paused for a moment but did not put up any defenses. “You must spread the news of Liang Liang’s injury! That’s right, Traceless will definitely come to visit him. All of you, surround the hospital and plant a spy. This time, you must ensure that she doesn’t go back!” 
When Bai Anan said this, her tone was filled with hatred and overflowing anger. 
After hanging up, she turned around and looked into Liang Liang’s eyes with a mix of love and hate. 
She loved him. 
But at the same time, she hated him for being so heartless to her. 
Bai Anan clenched her fists tightly and stood there. 
Meanwhile , Qiao Yiyi stared at her and narrowed her eyes. 
It was Bai Anan who had destroyed her and Liang Liang. However, even though her enemy was right in front of her now, she had no way of taking revenge. 
She had to protect herself and wait for her mother to come and take her home. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists and stood outside the intensive care unit. After a while, a sound suddenly came from the ward. Everyone immediately looked over and realized that Liang Liang was dreaming. They didn’t know what he was dreaming about, but he was actually moving vigorously. 
Both his hands were waving vigorously. 
Meanwhile, the alarm on the surveillance instrument started to go off! 
The doctor and nurses immediately rushed in. When Qiao Yiyi and Bai Anan saw this, they hurriedly followed. Just as they entered, they heard Liang Liang shout, “Traceless, get out of the way!” 
Qiao Yiyi halted and her heart ached. 
Looking at Liang Liang in this state, she didn’t know why, but deep in her heart, she felt a deep sorrow. 
That was right. She felt sorrow. 
She didn’t feel touched, moved, or happy. 
Instead, she felt sorrow. 
She had no idea what was going on. Logically speaking, shouldn’t she be happy that Liang Liang valued her so much
She stood on the spot and stared at Liang Liang, who was lying on the hospital bed. 
She remembered that when she was in love with Liang Liang, she had come to the hospital to visit him when he was carrying out a mission and got injured. 
In the middle of the night, he had sent everyone away. 
When she broke through the window, she saw Liang Liang eagerly staring at her like a child. 
At that time, although Qiao Yiyi looked cold on the surface, her heart was filled with sweetness. In particular, when he stared at her with a burning gaze, she would feel her face burning.. 
Furthermore, the first thing she did was to take care of his injuries. After taking a look at his injuries, he even held her hand. 
That was the first time they held hands. . Cｍ
At that time, she had been so nervous that her palms had started to sweat. 
However, when Qiao Yiyi thought of the situation at the time, she had forgotten how she had felt back then..
###Chapter 1822 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (2) 
Qiao Yiyi stood there in a daze. Then, she saw that the doctors had Liang Liang under control. 
It seemed that he had been injected with a tranquilizer. Liang Liang quieted down and continued to lie on the bed. 
Bai Anan asked the doctor nervously,””Doctor, how are his injuries?” 
The doctor sighed.”Continue to observe. If he doesn’t have a fever today or tomorrow, then there shouldn’t be any problems.” 
Bai Anan was stunned.”Fever?” 
The doctor nodded.”To ensure that the wound is not infected, we have to pay attention to the change in his body temperature at all times.” 
Bai Anan nodded. 
The doctors then walked out. 
Bai Anan sat on the sofa next to him and stared at the man on the bed. 
Qiao Yiyi stood beside him. 
She still felt that there was something wrong with her current emotions. 
However, she shook her head and didn’t let herself continue thinking about it. 
She walked to the bed and observed Liang Liang’s wound. 
Then, she sat on the chair by the bed and watched over him. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the unconscious Liang Liang. He was actually very good -looking. She used to think that he was quite handsome. 
But now For some reason, Lu nanze’s devilish face suddenly appeared in front of her. For some reason, she suddenly thought that if Lu nanze knew that she was comparing him to Liang Liang, he would definitely sneer arrogantly and then say in a devilish tone,””How can he be compared to me
As she thought of this, her lips suddenly curled up and she smiled. 
However, as soon as she smiled, she immediately felt that something was wrong, so she immediately put away her smile. 
Liang Liang was still sick, how could she think of other people here
She continued to stare at Liang Liang. 
After a few hours of deep sleep, Liang Liang started to toss and turn again. 
He waved his hands in the air and shouted wuhen’s name. 
The doctor and nurses rushed over. The doctor was a little troubled. ‘You can’t use the tranquilizer so frequently. What do we do now
Bai Anan looked at Liang Liang and couldn’t help but curse,””Liang Liang, wake up! You’re already injured to this extent, yet you’re still thinking about her! But do you know? I’ve already released the news that you’re on the verge of death! She didn’t even come to see you! Wake up, you …” Bai Anan’s eyes turned red and she started to cry. 
She was feeling aggrieved for herself. 
She cared so much for Liang Liang and liked him so much, but why couldn’t Liang Liang forget wuhen Her crying didn’t make Liang Liang feel better. Instead, it made him more nervous,”wuhen, she’s here. Run!” 
Bai Anan looked at Liang Liang in shock. After a while, she covered her chest and suddenly strode out of the ward! 
Liang Liang’s life was in danger. If she didn’t calm down, she was afraid that her wound would be affected. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and heard the nurse and doctor say,”Who is he calling
Hurry up and get that person to come and see him. He must be appeased!” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she turned to look outside. Bai Anan was sitting on the bench in the corridor, crying. She didn’t notice that she was in the ward. 
She narrowed her eyes, walked to the bed, and whispered in Liang Liangs ear. She no longer deliberately lowered her voice and said in wuhen’s voice,””Liang Liang, I’m here.” 
Liang Liang suddenly quieted down.. He reached out and grabbed Qiao Yiyi’s hand, shouting,”Wuhen, don’t go!”
###Chapter 1823 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (3) 
Qiao Yiyi stood still when she heard this. She looked at Liang Liang and whispered in his ear,””Alright, I won’t leave. I’ll stay here and you’ll be fine.” 
Liang Liang nodded and took Qiao Yiyi’s hand, saying slowly,””Wuhen, are you willing to forgive me? I’m wrong, I really know I’m wrong …” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
Was she willing to forgive him
Logically speaking, she used to like him so much, and now that he had almost lost his life for her, she should not be bothered about her mother’s injury. 
However, at this moment, when she heard this, she couldn’t answer. 
She didn’t know what she was thinking, only that it was very chaotic and complicated. 
When Liang Liang said this, her heart sank, as if there was a burden on her shoulders. 
She was silent for a while, pursed her lips, and then whispered in Liang Liang’s ear,””Get well first. We’ll talk after you’ve recuperated.” 
– 
Liang Liang finally quieted down, but everyone noticed that he was holding Qiao Yiyi’s hand tightly. 
The doctor and nurse sighed and could only say, “”Then I’ll have to trouble you, because he’s really not suited for intense emotions right now …” 
Bai Anan also stared at Qiao Yiyi and said,””Then you can take care of him like this. I’m begging you. ” 
Qiao Yiyi had no choice but to remain in this position. 
However, two hours later. 
She couldn’t help but look at Bai Anan.”Come here and hold my hand for a while. I need to go to the bathroom.” 
There were three things people needed to do, and there was no other way. 
Bai Anan nodded and held Liang Liang’s hand. 
However, Liang Liang didn’t let go of Qiao Yiyi’s hand. 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows and made up her mind. She pried his fingers away and walked to the bathroom. 
She had just finished relieving herself when she heard Bai Anan’s exclamation and Liang Liang’s scream.””Traceless, traceless!!” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. She quickly tidied herself up and walked out. 
Bai Anan wanted to move forward, but Liang Liang kept waving his arms to stop her. 
Qiao Yiyi had no choice but to step forward.”l’m here!” Liang Liang quieted down after hearing this. 
However, his two hands were still waving in the air. 
Qiao Yiyi walked over and sat beside Liang Liang. Then she held his hand again. 
Liang Liang fell silent. 
Bai Anan stared at Qiao Yiyi in confusion.”Why can you make him quiet?” 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head. “I don’t know. Mr. Lu likes to be with me too.” Maybe I can make people quiet?” 
Bai Anan was speechless. 
After Qiao Yiyi finished her sentence, she continued to lower her head and didn’t speak anymore. 
Bai Anan looked at their interlocked fingers and felt very jealous. She could only walk out of the room in a Huff and continue to make the call.”Did you keep an eye on him? Once wuhen appears, we must capture him immediately!” 
While Qiao Yiyi was protecting Liang Liang, Lu nanze’s butler suddenly rushed over. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. Then, she heard the Butler say, “Madam, Sir’s leg is in great pain. Do you want to go back and have a look?” 
His words put Qiao Yiyi in a difficult position. 
She looked back at Liang Liang. If she left him, he might not be quiet and might touch her wound. 
However, Lu nanze’s wound was so painful that he couldn’t take it. This was definitely not an ordinary pain. 
[PS: I’m going to sleep now—I’ll wake up at 5 am tomorrow-good night, little cuties-]
###Chapter 1824 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (4) 
Lu nanze had always been a man of forbearance. If it was so painful that even the Butler could not help but call for her, it meant that his leg injury was not simple. i?r. m
However, logically speaking, after yesterday’s surgery and a day of recovery, he should be getting better and better now! 
Why did it suddenly hurt so much
Qiao Yiyi frowned and stood up without hesitation.”I’ll go and take a look.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Liang Liang suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
She frowned and turned around. She heard Liang Liang calling her in a low voice,””Wuhen, don’t go.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi knew that Liang Liang needed her more than Lu nanze at this moment. 
However, for some reason, she could not stay by his side in peace when she thought about how much pain he was in. 
She narrowed her eyes, squatted down, and whispered in Liang Liang’s ear,””I’m going to see Lu nanze. I’ll be back soon. Wait for me.” 
Qiao Yiyi decided to leave with the Butler. 
But just as she took a step, she heard Liang Liang call wuhen ” Qiao Yiyi paused but didn’t stop. She walked out of the ward. 
She had always been someone who did as she pleased. At this moment, she wanted to see Lu nanze even more, so she would not care about the consequences. 
Following the housekeeper out of the ward, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but ask about Lu nanze’s condition. She said,””Logically speaking, shouldn’t his leg be healed? Why did it suddenly get worse?” 
The Butler wanted to say something but stopped. He looked left and right and sighed.”Forget it. This matter is actually not a secret. Sir’s leg has gotten heavier.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned.”What happened?” 
The Butler opened his mouth and was about to say something, but he suddenly realized that Madam didn’t know what had happened between them. If she said that Sirs leg had been shot, then Madam would definitely be frightened. 
Forget it, it’s better not to say it. Anyway, when she sees Sir later and sees the wound, she should understand it herself. Moreover , it’s better to let Sir tell Madam about this kind of thing. 
He was just a Butler. What was the point of him passing on a message
Thinking of this, the Butler was silent for a moment before saying,””You’ll know when you see it. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
She continued to follow the Butler into Lu nanze’s ward. 
When she reached the door, Qiao Yiyi heard a suppressed cry of pain from the ward. 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows. How much pain did he have to go through for a man to let out an uncontrollable moan
She pushed the door open and entered the ward. It was only then that she realized that Lu nanze’s eyes were closed. He had probably fainted from the pain. His cries of pain seemed to have come from his subconscious. 
The Butler’s heart ached at the sight of Lu nanze. 
Qiao Yiyi started to panic.”Why didn’t you call the doctor to give her an anesthetic? It’s not good for your body to bear with the pain! ” 
The Butler sighed.”Sir has had two operations in a row. He can’t continue to use anesthetics now.” 
‘Two times?” Qiao Yiyi was taken aback. She jerked her head down and saw Lu nanze’s retreating back Then, her eyes widened and she lowered her head. “Let me see.” 
Then, she sat on the edge of the bed and lifted the blanket. 
She tugged at Lu nanze’s pajama pants and rolled them up. Then she saw the wound..
###Chapter 1825 – : My Dear, That’S Not Love (5) 
The wound was wrapped in gauze, but it could be seen that it had been treated. 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows and suddenly felt a little angry. 
He had just had an operation yesterday, and today he was operating on the same wound. Did this man not want this leg anymore
As she was thinking, she saw Lu nanze open his eyes, probably because he had felt someone touching him. 
When he saw Qiao Yiyi, he narrowed his eyes and stared at her.”What are you doing?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi almost couldn’t help but roll her eyes. She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly, her temper flared up. 
She sneered,”nothing much, I just wanted to see how Mr. Lu plans to cripple his leg!” 
Lu nanze choked and frowned. He covered himself with the blanket, endured the pain, and said,””You don’t need to look.” 
Qiao Yiyi thought,’she’s so angry.’ 
This man didn’t know how to cherish her, didn’t Imow how to take good care of her. He was clearly injured so badly, but he still dared to hurt her again. He simply didn’t treat his own life as his own! 
Besides, it was the Butler who invited her back to relieve his pain, but look at his attitude! 
Originally, Qiao Yiyi could have put on an act with Lu nanze and continued to look weak. 
However, Qiao Yiyi had started to lose control of her emotions in front of him. 
Seeing Lu nanze in this state, she crossed her arms and said condescendingly,””Yes, you don’t need to show me. I’m not the one in pain any-vvay!” 
Lu nanze narrowed his eyes at her gloating expression. “What did you say
‘You bastard!” 
He still dared to be rude to her! 
Any-vvay, Lu nanze couldn’t get out of bed now and he couldn’t do anything to her. Qiao Yiyi became more and more fearless. She stared at Lu nanze and said,”l’ll tell you. I’m not the one in pain anyway.” Mr. Lu, do you still have the strength to hit me
The Butler was dumbfounded by his infuriating look. 
Was this woman in front of her really their Madam
It simply Didn’t look like it! 
He swallowed his saliva. In this world, the only person who dared to speak to Sir like that Seemed to have not been born yet! Even back then, miss Qiao Lian had not dared to speak to Sir in this manner. 
As she was thinking, she saw Qiao Yiyi take a step back and stand there. “Be fierce, continue to be fierce!” Maybe if he was fierce to someone else, his leg would not hurt anymore? And If you’re so capable, don’t take your leg seriously and get off the bed!” 
At this point, she pointed at Lu nanze and said,”l really don’t understand. You don’t even care about your own body, but you want others to care about it? Do you think you’re God, that everyone has to worship you? I can’t stand your bad temper!” 
Then she glared at Lu nanze angrily and said,”you won’t let me see? Alright, you can continue to be in pain. I’ll see how long you can endure!” 
At this point, she plopped down on the sofa and stared at Lu nanze, as if she was at loggerheads with him. 
Lu nanze thought,”l seemed to have only said a few words, why did this woman ramble on and on?” Moreover, how could she dare to speak to him so fiercely?
###Chapter 1826 – : My Dear, That’S Not Love (6) 
How dare she! 
How could she
Lu nanze’s face darkened.”Qiao Yiyi! I dare you to say what you just said!” 
He was angry. Should Qiao Yiyi be afraid now
However, Qiao Yiyi’s reply was,””You want me to say it, but I won ‘t!” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze was completely dumbfounded. He could not imagine how a woman could suddenly become like this. That Rascal-like and fearless look left him at a loss for words. 
However, of all things! 
He should be angry! 
In this world, anyone who dared to speak to him like that would have gone to hell long ago. However, at this moment, not only was he not angry, he even felt a trace of embarrassment in his heart. 
Lu nanze felt depressed at his current state. 
Didn’t this woman like him for many years? that was why she married him. Even so, there were many girls who pursued him. Why was he so tolerant of her
Lu nanze felt that he had been too unwise. He shut his mouth angrily and his face darkened. 
Didn’t this woman like him for many years? that was why she married him. Even so, there were many girls who pursued him. Why was he so tolerant of her
Lu nanze felt that he had been too unwise. He shut his mouth angrily and his face darkened. 
The next moment, another heart-piercing pain came from his wound. 
It was very difficult to make another cut on the original wound and take out the bullet. Moreover, he could not use anesthetics multiple times in a row, so the pain was even more intense. 
However, when he saw the woman on the sofa, he clenched his teeth and fists, not saying a word. 
He just lay flat on the bed as if that leg didn’t belong to him. The pain was so intense that it was numb. 
He closed his eyes and felt that his leg hurt again with every breath he took. 
The cold sweat on his forehead also flowed down. While he was suffering, he suddenlv felt a Dair of warm hands on the edge of the wound. 
Immediately, the pair of small hands massaged a few times, and the pain was relieved a lot. 
At least, he had a chance to catch his breath. 
He opened his eyes and saw Qiao Yiyi standing beside him, giving him a massage. 
Lu nanze frowned at the thought of the woman’s tone. He snorted and was about to say something when the woman raised her eyebrows and glared at him. “Shut up!” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered. “1’11 take care of you. If you still dare to talk to me in such a weird tone, I’ll really leave and ignore you!” I’m not born to be a cheap bone! 
Who asked you to humiliate me like this! Lu nanze! Lie down obediently. After I’m done with your pain relief, I’m going to see Liang Liang! Do you think that my time is blown by the wind? You don’t want money?” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze didn’t know what to say. He only felt that Qiao Yiyi seemed to have changed. 
She was still wearing the same uncouth clothes, but at this moment, when she straightened her back and massaged his acupuncture points, her attitude was serious and her expression was serious. That look was actually exceptionally 
Cute. 
Yes, it was cute, an unharmonious kind of cute. But how could he think that Qiao Yiyi was cute
This was simply too unbelievable! 
Hence, Lu nanze turned his head away and looked to the side. He cleared his throat and said, “you don’t have to treat me like this. I’m definitely going to divorce you..”
###Chapter 1827 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (7) 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
So, did Lu nanze think that she was being so nice to him so that he would not divorce her
Oh, that’s right. Qiao Yiyi’s character setting was to be loyal to him. . c?
Therefore, it was right for him to think this way. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and said,”I know. It’s okay. I’m good to you because I don’t want you to feel pain. It has nothing to do with you. It’s just like how I like you and it has nothing to do with you.” Although we’ll get a divorce sooner or later, in the future, as long as I remember that we actually had such a beautiful memory, it’ll be enough. ” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
These words of love sounded a little fake. 
However, when she said it in such a serious manner, she seemed so serious that he could not help but squint his eyes. Even his ears were a little red. 
He didn’t even dare to look at Qiao Yiyi. He could only feel the burning pain on his face. 
He glanced at Qiao Yiyi from the corner of his eyes. 
However, he saw that this girl, who had just said so many sweet words, was still doing what she was supposed to do as if nothing had happened. He suddenly felt a little speechless. How could she be so thick-skinned
Thick skin 
Lu nanze looked at her face again. 
Her face was the size of a palm, and her skin was fair and delicate. It looked as if there was only a thin layer of skin, making one worry that the blood vessels inside would be seen. 
He then noticed that Qiao Yiyi’s facial features were actually very beautiful. 
It was just that she wasn’t good at dressing up or showing off, so he had been neglecting her. 
Looking at Qiao Yiyi, he couldn’t help but think of wuhen. He wondered what wuhen would look like after he took off his mask. 
As soon as he thought of this, Lu nanze hung his head. How could he think that Qiao Yiyi was not bad when he was in love with wuhen
He frowned. 
Outside the ward. 
Lu Qingtian stared at the situation in the ward and frowned at the Butler. She lowered her voice and said,””What’s going on
‘Madam, it’s really nothing,” the Butler said with a smile.”Sir just touched his wound.” 
“Ha, I 
r 
m the great-aunt of the Lu family. Before I got married, what did I not know about my family? Do you think you can fool me with your words?” The Butler immedia tely pulled a long face. 
Sir had instructed that she could not say anything, but she could not hide it from Lu Qingtian. 
He coughed, stared at Lu Qingtian, and said,””No, that, Sir …” 
‘Just tell me, did he do it to save wuhen?!” Lu Qingtian said directly. 
The Butler was dumbfounded. They had investigated everything thoroughly! 
He looked at Lu Qingtian and stammered,””This, this . 
“Foolish! Ridiculous! Wuhen was a thief, and he was in a lot of trouble! No matter who he likes, he shouldn’t have fallen for wuhen!” 
The Butler didn’t know what to say. He could only smile and agree. “Yes, you’re right.” 
Lu Qingtian took a deep breath.”But I don’t think he and wuhen are close. Think about it, how long have they known each other? Qiao Yiyi, on the other hand, has made me look at her in a new light. I think we should play matchmaker!” 
“Huh?” 
Lu Qingtian’s eyes narrowed.”l heard that they haven’t consummated their marriage yet, right? I think, why don’t we create a wedding night for them in the hospital?” 
[PS: it’s time for the godly assisting Auntie to go on stage-well, after being busy for so long, I suddenly realized that today is the last day of 
June-everyone, let’s see if there are any monthly votes-if there are, vote for me-otherwise, it’ll be a waste, thank you-]
###Chapter 1828 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (8) 
When the Butler heard this, he was dumbfounded. 
After Madam and Sir got married, they had indeed been sleeping in separate rooms. 
Especially at home, Sir really didn’t care about Madam. 
Because of this, the housekeepers at home sometimes looked down on Madam. As the head butler, he definitely knew about this. But after Sir said not to treat miss Qiao as Madam, he didn’t interfere too much. 
However, at this moment, Lu Qingtian’s words … Made him feel like he was going to be dumbfounded. 
He turned his head and looked into the ward. nn. 
She didn’t know what Madam said, but Sir suddenly showed a trace of unhappiness, but he suppressed it and clenched his chin, not flaring up. 
That look shocked the Butler once again. 
Master had always been Swift and decisive, and had never wronged himself. When did he become like this
The corners of his mouth twitched, but he did not say anything. 
However, this was the first time he felt that perhaps Madam wasn’t as useless as he had thought. 
At least for now, master had suffered a loss in her hands! 
As she was thinking, she heard Lu Qingtian say,””l used to think that Qiao Yiyi wasn’t presentable and couldn’t win Lu nanze ‘s heart, but now it seems Qiao Yiyi is not bad 
She held her chin and suddenly waved to the Butler.””l said, you have to help me…” 
The Butler immediately waved his hand.”No, I don’t dare I can’t betray Sir …” 
Lu Qingtian looked at him and felt resentful.”What do you mean by betraying him! We are doing this for his own good! Look at how wild he is now. Can he even touch a woman like wuhen? Let me tell you, although Wu Hen is loyal, Qiao Yiyi is his wife. He’s letting Qiao Yiyi down by doing this! “It’s not that I’m looking down on wuhen He’s a legendary figure himself. I just think that we should put a stop to the chaos and make things right. Qiao Yiyi is Lu nanze’s official wife. They’re a match made in heaven Lu nanze is in such a state now. If he can’t be with Qiao Yiyi, he won’t be able to calm down The best way is for the two of them to pretend to be real, and it’s best if they get pregnant or something …” 
Before he could finish, the Butler’s face turned bitter.” You’re master’s aunt, so you’ll definitely be fine. But after this, I can forget about being a housekeeper! I really can’t help you with this …” 
Lu Qingtian immediately grabbed the Butler’s wrist.”What do you think I want you to do? I’m not asking you to do anything bad, just make things easy for me at the critical moment. 
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler coughed.”Really? you won’t let me do anything else?” It’s just a convenient personality?” 
‘Yes, I’m just making things convenient for you. Why would I cheat you
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler was skeptical. He turned around and saw that Madam and Sir were together. The two of them were really accompanying each other. They were a perfect match and looked pleasing to the eye. He hardened his heart and nodded. “Alright then.” 
In the ward, Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi were certainly unaware of the People’s plans and thoughts. 
After Qiao Yiyi massaged Lu nanze, the pain was relieved and he was able to bear it, even though it did not completely disappear. 
Qiao Yiyi moved her sore shoulders and stood up. “Okay, if there’s nothing else, 
I’ll go and see officer Liang Liang.” [PS: the rest will be updated later..]
###Chapter 1829 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (9) 
Liang Liang’s condition was life-threatening, while Lu nanze’s side was just in unbearable pain. In comparison, Liang Liang was more worthy of her protection. 
However, when she had heard that Lu nanze was in pain, she had let it go without thinking much. 
Now that Lu nanze was no longer in pain, he went to Liang Liang’s side to keep an eye on him. 
However, the way she stood up and turned to leave without hesitation made Lu nanze extremely uncomfortable. 
Didn’t she say that she only cared about him because she liked him too much
This kind of unfeeling appearance, how was there even a little bit of love
He frowned and stared at Qiao Yiyi. He didn’t know why he was so jealous. 
“How is Liang Liang?” he coughed and asked. 
Qiao Yi tidied up his clothes as he packed his things. When he heard this, he turned to look at him.”The situation is stable for now, but we can’t rule out other possibilities. That’s why I have to go over and keep an eye on him. ” 
Lu nanze’s tone became a little sour.”Are those nurses and doctors freeloaders? Why …’Why do I have to ask you to guard that side
Qiao Yiyi froze. She turned around and looked at him in confusion. 
Lu nanze’s words were stuck in his throat. It was his idea to have Qiao Yiyi guard the place. What was going on now? He was actually getting jealous! 
Lu nanze coughed and turned his head away, not saying a word. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her eyebrows. “Those doctors and nurses are all studying 
Western medicine now. They don’t really know much about Chinese medicine. Only we …” Before she could say ‘experienced’, she suddenly realized that she wasn’t wuhen but Qiao Yiyi, a normal person. She quickly changed the topic. “1’m the only one who’s interested in Chinese medicine. I learned a little.” 
After she said this, she nodded at Lu nanze.”Mr. Lu, I’ll go now.” 
After he finished speaking, he turned around and left. 
She walked straight to the door. Lu nanze did not even have the chance to call out to her before she opened it. 
However, at this moment, Lu Qingtian suddenly walked in. 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi with a smile and said, “Yiyi, what are you doing
Qiao Yiyi wondered, “why did this guy’s attitude change so much?” 
She became alert, lowered her head, and continued to act weak”I-Sir asked me to go see officer Liang.” 
“Butler, go and see how officer Liang is doing! You don’t have to go there personally. You can just pass down the orders. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
She turned to look at Lu nanze, thinking that he should be asking her to go over now. 
However, she did not expect to see Lu nanze lowering his head the moment she turned her head. It was as if he had not heard Lu Qingtian’s words. He did not want to help her out of her predicament! 
‘You bastard!” 
This guy! 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t force herself to leave, so she let Lu Qingtian drag her to the sofa. 
But because she was concerned about Liang Liang’s situation, she was anxious. 
Lu Qingtian looked at Qiao Yiyi and sighed. She said,””My brother is the only man in my generation of the Lu family. He’s the only child in nanze. He’s almost thirty, but he doesn’t even have a child So, when are you guys going to have children?”
###Chapter 1830 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (10) 
This topic had simply changed too quickly. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes widened as she stared at Lu Qingtian. 
By the time she realized what Lu Qingtian was saying, she immediately lowered her head and made a shy look. She clenched her fists and said in a coy voice,””This, this, it depends on Mr. Lu’s decision …” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
This woman had been so fierce to him just now, but now she had become a bullied little wife? Was she trying to change her face
His face darkened and he was about to speak when Lu Qingtian interrupted him.”Him? He’s just a simple-minded person, why should I listen to him? If you ask me, you should get pregnant this year. Our Lu family has only had one son for several generations. Let me tell you, to the Lu family, nothing is more important than a child!” 
Lu Qingtian poked Qiao Yiyi’s hand after she said this. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked down.”Oh.” 
Lu Qingtian thought, ‘this blockhead, why can’t he be enlightened?’ His words were so clear! 
She twitched her mouth and turned to look at Lu nanze. Seeing that he still didn’t say a word, she dragged Qiao Yiyi out.”Alright, let’s go out and buy something.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi followed Lu Qingtian to the door of the ward. Lu Qingtian said in exasperation,””l’m telling you, the Lu family is short of a child. Don’t you like nanze? Give him a child, and I’ll make sure your position in the Lu family is stable!” 
“But Mr. Lu said there’s no hurry . 
“0f course he’s not in a hurry! He’s a man, and he can find a random woman outside to give birth to his children, but you? Why don’t you think for yourself! 
Ah!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Lu Qingtian laughed coldly again. “I can’t stand people like mistresses. You must remember what I said.” I’m telling you, since Lu nanze is in the hospital and can’t struggle easily, when it’s time for you to force yourself on him, you should do it! Don’t be soft-hearted! The way you lectured him just now was good!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Did she just scold him
His face darkened. Not bad
Was this Lu Qingtian really Lu nanze’s aunt
In the past, he had always felt that this woman was a Little Swift and decisive, and she looked quite fierce, but now Why did she look so cute
The corner of Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. ‘He’s forcing himself on me? that’s …’ 
She was speechless.”l Even if Mr. Lu is sick, I, I can’t compare to him in strength 
“Can’t you think of another way. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Lu Qingtian said, “do you want me to get you some medicine?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Was she really Lu nanze’s aunt
She twitched her mouth and said,””There’s no need for that. I heard that if you use medicine, the child you get will have problems.” 
Lu Qingtian thought for a moment and said, “that’s right, you can’t use medicine then. But you and Lu nanze should have sex first!” How can I be at ease when you’re still like this?” 
“That depends on Mr. Lu Qiao Yiyi replied. 
“Why are you looking at him? I’m looking at you! How could you be so Sigh, forget it, I won’t talk to you anymore! I’ll arrange it for you! You like nanze so much, I can’t possibly let you down. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless?
###Chapter 1831 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (11) 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. She didn’t know what to say to this kind-hearted aunt. ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
However, at this moment, if she refused again, it would seem a little fake. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and nodded at Lu Qingtian.”I’ll leave it to you then, Auntie.” 
Lu Qingtian nodded. 
Just as they were about to continue their conversation, the Butler suddenly walked over and stood in front of them.”Madam, officer Liang’s condition doesn’t seem to be good. Miss Bai Anan wants you to go over as soon as possible.” 
Hearing this, Qiao Yiyi’s heart skipped a beat. She nodded and looked at Lu Qingtian.”Then, Auntie, I’ll go and take a look.” 
After he finished speaking, he left without a second’s delay. 
Lu Qingtian was speechless. 
Lu Qingtian looked at the Butler.”She’s not a doctor. Why did you call her over?” 
The Butler sighed.”Madam seems to have some ability!” 
When Lu Qingtian heard this, she thought of the way Qiao Yiyi had massaged Lu nanze. That technique It felt a little similar, but she couldn’t remember where she had seen it before. 
She frowned. After a while, she looked at the Butler. “Go and find out who Qiao Yiyi learned this from.” 
Lu Qingtian didn’t think about Qiao Yiyi’s identity at all. She only thought that Qiao Yiyi had met someone with special abilities. 
The Butler nodded. 
The two of them talked as they walked into the ward. 
After they left, a woman suddenly walked out from the corner. 
The tall figure and the temperament of big wavy hair-it was Li Tingting! 
Li Tingting’s eyes lit up at that moment! 
She had never expected to hear such a shocking secret! 
Second brother didn’t sleep with Qiao Yiyi
Did this mean that she actually still had a chance
She then thought about what Lu Qingtian had said earlier As long as she had second brother’s child, she would be able to take over the position of Madam Lu because what the Lu family lacked the most was children! 
She immediately narrowed her eyes and clenched her fists. 
Yes, as long as she could get pregnant, as long as she could sleep with Lu nanze… 
Li Tingting’s eyes were shining. 
That Qiao Yiyi didn’t have the looks nor the family background. What did she have to compare with her
Qiao Yiyi quickened her pace and rushed into Liang Liang’s intensive care unit. She saw Liang Liang’s face was red and he looked a little weak. 
She frowned and took a step forward. The doctor was explaining to Bai Anan,”he’s still infected and has a fever. We’ll put him on a drip now and use some hormones to reduce his fever. Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable.” 
Bai Anan nodded. She looked at the doctors and nurses nervously.”You must save him. He can’t die, understand?” 
The doctors nodded and got to work. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the unconscious Liang Liang on the bed. She saw his mouth moving as if he was saying something. 
She took a step closer, lowered her head, and stopped for a moment. Then, she heard a few words from his intermittent speech,””Wuhen, I was wrong.” 
“Wuhen, don’t leave me He said. 
“Wuhen, let’s be together again.” 
“Wuhen, I really, really, really like you …” 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart skipped a beat when she heard this. She looked at Liang Liang and heard him continue,”without you, what’s the point of living
[PS: I’m done with the update-it’s the 1st, please give me your monthly ticket!] Thank you, everyone-
###Chapter 1832 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (12) 
Without you, what’s the point of living
Qiao Yiyi’s heart ached when she heard this. 
The meaning of life … She had always been muddleheaded since she was young, and she wanted to pursue it. 
As a thief, her childhood was different from that of ordinary people. Until the end, she did not know the meaning of her life. 
Stealing, then robbing the rich to help the poor, and then
It was as if life was always repeating this. 
Back then, her mother had hidden her identity and married her father. 
And then
Her father had betrayed her for money. 
For the sake of money, they had been stealing day after day, year after year. 
Her life was numb and unruly, which was why she could act so carefree. 
Until he met Liang Liang. 
It wasn’t that her love with Liang Liang had changed her life, but that Liang Liang had given her hope for a new life. 
She could also appear in front of people openly and even become a supernumerary member of the Special Forces … 
So, at that time, she was very concerned about the theft case, until later 
Qiao Yiyi smiled bitterly. 
She no longer knew what the meaning of life was, and she would not be so free as to think about it. She just wanted to find her mother and return life to its original track. 
But at this moment, Liang Liangs words made her stand still. She suddenly felt that it was ridiculous. 
Without her, what was the point of life
But what was he thinking when he kicked her down the building without mercy
When he came to see her, he was wearing a police uniform. What did that mean
She narrowed her eyes and stared at Liang Liang. Suddenly, she lowered her head and whispered in Liang Liang’s ear,””Liang Liang, is the meaning of your life only for a woman? You’re really being looked down upon!” 
Liang Liang had some reaction. 
Although his eyes were still closed, Qiao Yiyi could feel that he was listening to her seriously. 
Qiao Yiyi looked up and around, but there was no one. 
She lowered her head and continued to move closer to Liang Liangs ear. She lowered her voice and said,””Liang Liang, I’m very disappointed in you. I always thought that you were a qualified police officer. Even when I worked with you, you were so careful and serious that I was impressed. For a woman, you’ve become like this, neither human nor ghost, is it worth it?” 
After saying this, she raised her head and looked at Liang Liang,”l, wuhen, look down on you from the bottom of my heart You once asked me what kind of man I like. I’m telling you now, I only like strong men! Your previous mistake was because you weren’t strong enough and your will wasn’t strong enough, which led to the misunderstanding between you and me. And now, do you plan to continue to make mistakes and continue to be depressed?” 
After she said this, Liang Liang, who was lying on the bed, finally stopped talking nonsense. 
He must have heard all her words. 
Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that he was in a stable mood. Even his complexion seemed to have improved. 
She turned around, intending to go to the table beside her to get some water to drink. However, she did not expect that the moment she turned around, someone would suddenly grab her wrist! 
She turned around and saw Liang Liang who had opened his eyes and was staring at her..”Who are you?”
###Chapter 1833 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (13) 
Qiao Yiyi’s body froze! 
Terrible! 
He had been discovered! 
It seemed like he had already regained consciousness when she lowered her head and spoke to him. 
That was why he was asking her this question at this moment. 
But how much did she know
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and lowered her head to look at him. 
Liang Liang’s eyes were confused and he didn’t seem to be very clear-headed, but he held her hand very hard. He looked at her, as if he was looking at her, but also at another woman. 
Then she heard Liang Liang say,””Is it wuhen?” 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly understood. 
Liang Liang had just heard those words, so he thought that wuhen had come. 
In fact, he himself was not sure. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and head. She sat down beside Liang Liang and sighed.”Officer Liang, I won’t hide it from you. Actually, I …” 
Suddenly, he changed the topic,”l have been in contact with wuhen. When you were injured, she asked me to take care of you. She also told you what I said I felt that I was too sensitive to your wound, so I told you. You Won’t blame me for provoking you, right?” 
Hearing this, Liang Liang lowered his head in disappointment. “Oh, I see. I won’t. . c?
She looked up at Qiao Yiyi.”Where are you now, wuhen?” How was she? Did you get caught by Bai Anan?” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes.”l’m not too sure about the details, but you’re seriously injured. Bai Anan has set up an inescapable net in the hospital to capture wuhen.” 
Liang Liang became nervous.”ls wuhen alright?” 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head.”l’m fine for now.” 
Liang Liang heaved a sigh of relief. Then he said again,””Miss Qiao, can I trouble you to do me a favor
Qiao Yiyi knew that Liang Liang was going to send a message to wuhen, so after a moment of silence, she nodded. “Okay.” 
“Help me tell wuhen . 
As expected, it was this. 
Did Liang Liang want to meet wuhen
As she was thinking, she heard Liang Liang say,”don’t come to see me.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her head in disbelief and saw Liang Liang lowering his eyes and closing them. 
“This is the only thing I can do for her now,” he said softly. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
An inexplicable sadness suddenly hit her heart. 
She looked at Liang Liang. For some reason, her nose felt a little sour. 
Thinking about how this man had taken a bullet for her without any hesitation in order to save her This love had now become heavy, making her a little breathless. 
She nodded at Liang Liang and stood up. Just as she was about to leave the ward, the door was pushed open and Bai Anan walked in. 
Liang Liang, who was lying on the bed, heard the footsteps and opened his eyes. 
Bai Anan narrowed her eyes.”Brother Liang, you’re awake?” 
Liang Liang didn’t speak. 
Bai Anan bit her lip.”Brother Liang, I actually came here to tell you something.” 
She glanced at Qiao Yiyi. 
“I’ll go out Yiyi said. 
She walked towards the door. Just as she reached the door, she heard Bai Anan sneer. “Brother Liang, you’ve been thinking about wuhen for so long.. But do you know?” I’ve already sent out the news of your critical condition for a few days, but she hasn’t come to visit you!”
###Chapter 1834 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (14) 
Qiao Yiyi immediately stopped in her tracks. 
She turned around and looked at Bai Anan’s righteous expression. She suddenly felt that it was ridiculous. 
This Bai Anan was like a clown at this moment, making people feel disgusted. 
The corners of her lips curled up in a mocking smile. She saw Liang Liang sit up abruptly.”You spread the news that I’m in critical condition?” 
Bai Anan’s guilty eyes flickered a few times, and then she said,””I was thinking that if she came to see you, I could arrest her.” 
“So you can spread the news of my critical condition to the public? Do you know how my parents will feel when they see this report?” 
Bai Anan was stunned.””Well, I, I’ll call uncle and Auntie now and explain.” 
After saying that, she picked up her phone and dialed a number. 
“Ring, ring, ring!” The doorbell rang outside the ward. Qiao Yiyi looked up and saw a middle-aged couple anxiously walking over. 
And the ringtone was coming from the man’s phone. 
“Ring, ring, ring!” The doorbell rang outside the ward. Qiao Yiyi looked up and saw a middle-aged couple anxiously walking over. 
And the ringtone was coming from the man’s phone. 
However, he was obviously not in the mood to answer the phone. Instead, he followed the middle-aged woman to the door of the ward and pushed the door open! 
“Liang Liang, my son Liang Liang, how are you?!” 
The middle-aged woman burst into tears. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly didn’t want to leave. She stood there and looked at the room. 
Liang Liang’s fever seemed to have subsided and he was full of energy. Hearing this, he immediately sat up and looked at the door in shock.”Mom?” 
The middle-aged woman ran over and hugged Liang Liang, crying, “how did you get injured? After I saw the news report, I immediately rushed back with your father! I’ve been on tenterhooks all the way here. How are you doing
Liang Liang frowned and raised his head. He glared at Bai Anan and said,””Mom, I’m fine now. Don’t worry.” ?аd. 
The middle-aged woman heaved a sigh of relief, but the next second, she closed her eyes and fell to the ground! 
Fortunately, Liang Liang helped her up in time. But Liang Liang was also anxious.”Mom, mom, wake up, Mom!” 
The doctor came over and pushed mother Liang into the emergency room. 
Father Liang, Liang Liang, Bai Anan, and Qiao Yiyi were waiting outside the operating room. 
Liang Liang turned to his father, “dad, what happened to my mom
Father Liang sighed immediately.”When we got the news, your mother was so scared that she fainted. I took her to the hospital immediately and said that it was a seizure with some heart problems. Then, the doctor asked her to stay in the hospital for observation, but your mom was worried about you, so we bought plane tickets overnight and flew back as soon as possible …” 
Mr. And Mrs. Liang had been overseas before. 
Liang Liang’s eyes darkened when she heard what father Liang said. She turned around and looked at Bai Anan. 
Bai Anan’s face turned pale. She took a step forward and looked at father 
Liang.””Uncle, I’m sorry. Liang Liang’s body is fine. All this is just a pretense 
Father Liang’s eyes immediately widened and he said in disbelief, “”A pretense
Then, the life and death contract was fake? Was it all a show you put on?”
###Chapter 1835 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (15) 
Bai Anan lowered her head in shame when she heard his questioning tone. 
Mr. Liang was furious. He pointed at Bai Anan, then turned around and slapped Liang Liang’s face. 
“Pa!” 
Father Liang hit her and continued to scold her,””You unfilial son! For the sake of your police career, you don’t even want your parents anymore! I’m telling you, if anything happens to your mother this time, I’ll never let you off!” 
After she finished speaking, she walked to the side angrily and sat on a chair in the corridor. Then she frowned, angry and anxious. 
When Liang Liang was hit, he could have dodged, but he didn ‘t. 
At this moment, his face was already swollen from the beating. 
Bai Anan’s heart ached when she saw him like this. She took out a tissue and said,”brother Liang, your face …” 
After she finished speaking, she was about to help him wipe it. 
But Liang Liang suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
Liang Liang stared at Bai Anan and said after a while “Bai Anan, are you satisfied now?” 
Bai Anan was shocked by the tone of his words. 
She looked at Liang Liang in shock. 
Liang Liang didn’t say anything. He just looked at his father who was sitting on the chair. 
His parents were almost sixty years old, how could they withstand such a shock
His father was so angry that he gave him a slap. 
But in fact, he was also frightened, right
Liang Liang felt that he was really unfilial! 
He clenched his jaw and stood there. 
Bai Anan could not help but take a step forward and grab his sleeve. “Brother Liang, I really didn’t do it on purpose Let me explain to uncle, okay?” I told him that all of this was my own idea and had nothing to do with you . Liang Liang sneered and looked back at her. “Is it useful?” 
Bai Anan was stunned. 
“Will my mother’s heart get better if you tell them? My mom doesn’t need to be in the operating room anymore?” 
Bai Anan choked on her words. 
Liang Liang sneered,”also, do you think I don’t know what you’re thinking?” 
“Bai Anan, when we got engaged, I didn’t ask my parents to come because I thought that one day, we would call off the engagement You don’t have to show up in front of my father to make your presence known. This engagement is called off!” 
At this point, he walked to the side, lowered his head, and fell into deep thought. 
Bai Anan stood still and stared at Liang Liang in disbelief. 
What did he mean by that
The engagement was called off
Just because he said it was removed, it was removed
Why
Bai Anan clenched her fists in anger and stood there, gritting her teeth. 
But at this moment, Mrs. Liang was in surgery and Mr. Liang was waiting anxiously. It wasn’t a good time for her to act up. 
Bai Anan took a deep breath, turned around, and walked out. 
She walked to a place where there was no one, then picked up her cell phone and dialed a number. As soon as the call was connected, her tears rolled down. 
She cried and shouted,”dad, Liang Liang is going to cancel our engagement! ” Daddy! What am I supposed to do!” 
When director Bai heard this, he was slightly stunned. “WThat happened?” 
Bai Anan sobbed and told him what had happened. 
Director Bai sighed.”Before you do anything, you should have considered his parents ‘feelings. This matter is your negligence. However, if he wants to cancel the engagement No way!” 
[PS: I’ve finished updating, see you tomorrow-it’s a new month, please give me your monthly votes!]
###Chapter 1836 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (16) 
Bai Anan bit her lip when she heard what director Bai said. 
She stared at her phone and said after a while,””But I can see that Liang Liang is determined to break off the engagement with me. What can we do? Dad, I can’t break off the engagement … Not to mention that I like him, if he wants to break off the engagement, how am I going to live in front of others in the future?” 
Director Bai narrowed his eyes.”That’s right. This marriage can not be called off. Don’t worry, I have a plan.” 
Hearing director Bai’s calm words, Bai Anan’s heart settled down. 
If dad said there was a way, then there would definitely be a way. 
Just like that year, when Liang Liang introduced wuhen to the police station and wuhen was about to make a great contribution and become a supernumerary personnel, everything was settled with one word from his father. 
Not only did they become enemies, but she was also engaged to Liang Liang. 
At this thought, Bai Anan lowered her eyes and took a deep breath.”Dad, your daughter’s happiness depends on you!” 
Qiao Yiyi stood outside the operating room and looked at Liang Liang’s father. She thought of the time when she was with Liang Liang. 
She remembered that one day, when Liang Liang came to her, he was in a bad mood, but he suppressed it and didn’t tell her anything. n?ea. 
Later, she asked around and found out that the news of her relationship with Liang Liang had somehow spread to Liang Liangs parents. Liang Liangs father was furious and asked him to go home immediately and cut off all contact with her. 
Liang Liang’s mother was also very against it. She called him and talked with him for a long time. 
When she found out, she felt a little indignant. 
Although she, Wu Hen, was a thief, she was also a glorious thief! 
She was confident that she was a good match for Liang Liang with her looks and temperament, but why did his parents 
Later on, she thought about running to the Liang family and letting them see her. Perhaps they would agree. 
This impulsive thought made her ask where Liang Liang’s house was and go straight to it. 
After that, she found out that Liang Liangs family was also a rich and powerful family. 
She stood at the entrance of their villa and waited for a long day, but she still didn’t get the chance to enter. 
Of course, it was very easy for her to get into this villa. However, she knew that if she used extreme means to get in, the result would only be worse 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly found it funny when she thought of her young and frivolous self. 
At that time, she was so conceited that she felt sad when Liang Liang’s parents denied it. 
She smiled bitterly and looked at Liang Liang’s father again. 
This man looked like Liang Liang, but he was more old-fashioned. 
Back then, she had waited outside the Liang family for a long time but did not see the elder. Now that she saw him, she felt as if it had been a lifetime. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Liang Liang’s father. Liang Liang’s father seemed to feel her gaze and looked up. 
When she saw Qiao Yiyi, she was slightly stunned but didn’t say anything. She only lowered her head. 
Liang Liang stood by the side, quietly broke a glass of water, and handed it to his father. 
Liang Liang’s father looked up at the glass of water and frowned. Then he reached out his hand to take it and drank it. 
Liang Liang heaved a sigh of reliefl 
It seemed that Liang Liang’s father slapped Liang Liang because he was angry.
###Chapter 1837 – : My Dear, That’S Not Love (17) 
Just as Qiao Yiyi was thinking about this, Liang Liang suddenly knelt down in front of his father. 
“Dad, I’m sorry.” 
Liang Liang’s father’s eyes turned red when he saw him like this. 
He took a deep breath and said,””Liang Liang, you’re going to be 30 soon. Can you think carefully before you do anything? Do you know? Ever since we saw the news about you, your mom and I haven’t had a wink of sleep. We’ve been worried about you … Your mom’s health isn’t good, and she can’t take this kind of shock. In the future … You have to be more careful!” 
Liang Liang nodded and didn’t say anything. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at them from the side and sighed in her heart. She couldn’t help but step forward and say,”Uncle …” 
Liang Liang’s father was a standard aristocrat. He was very polite. Even though he didn’t know who Qiao Yiyi was, he didn’t interrupt her and just nodded to her. 
Qiao Yiyi introduced herself.”I’m lu nanze’s wife.” 
Her words made Liang Liang’s father look at her more carefully. However, because he was concerned about his wife, he still sighed even though he knew that Qiao Yiyi’s identitywas enough to make him talk to her.”Mrs. Lu, I’m sorry. I’m very worried about my wife now.” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately waved her hand. “Uncle, you misunderstood me. I’m here to tell you In fact, Liang Liang was really injured during the mission and was in a coma for a whole day. During that time, the doctor did send a notice of critical illness, but he endured it. As for the news It was Bai Anan’s idea. She was trying to attract wuhen here, so Liang Liang has nothing to do with it. He just woke up. ” 
Hearing this, Liang Liang’s father immediately looked at Liang Liang nervously. Seeing his pale face with an abnormal flush, he suddenly realized what was going on. He directly reached out his hand to support Liang Liang,”you child Have you not recovered?!” 
Liang Liang lowered his head like a child and said,”dad, I’m fine. I just hope mom is fine.” 
Mr. Liang sighed.”You’re running a fever. You I’ve misunderstood you.” 
Liang Liang lowered his head, “it’s all my fault.” 
The two of them had just cleared up the misunderstanding when the door of the operating room was suddenly opened. 
A doctor walked out and said, “the patient is in critical condition. We need to perform emergency treatment on her now. Family members, please sign the agreemen t.” 
Then, he turned around and entered the operating room. 
Liang Liang and her father were both stunned by her words. 
They stared at the situation in the operating room in disbelief. Liang Liangs eyes suddenly turned red and his whole body trembled. 
Father Liang’s legs also gave way, and he fell back into his chair. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the two people who were on the verge of collapse. She couldn’t help but step forward and hold Liang Liang’s arm. She lowered her voice and said,””l’m getting on in my years. You can’t collapse now. Hurry up and sign the papers. Don’t affect the doctors ‘optimal treatment time!” 
Liang Liang came back to his senses and hurriedly signed the contract handed over by the nurse. Then he looked at the door of the operating room and said,””Mom, you must be fine, you must be fine …” He said. 
Othervvise. he would never be able to forgive himself!e?.＆nbsp;c?
###Chapter 1838 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (18) 
After signing the agreement, Liang Liang and his father stared at the door of the operating room. 
Just then, Bai Anan composed herself and walked over again. When she saw Liang Liang, she stepped forward and said,””Brother Liang, don’t be nervous. I’ve found the best doctor. Auntie will definitely be fine. I …” 
Before she could finish her words, she was pushed away by Liang Liang. 
Bai Anan took a step back and lost her balance. She looked at Liang Liang in shock and heard him say,””Will be fine? What do you know? I just signed the critical condition notice!” 
Bai Anan’s eyes widened at his words. She stared at the door of the operating room.”This, this …” 
Impossible! 
Why was he so weak
Liang Liang’s mother must not die at this time! Otherwise, she would have committed a great sin! 
After another two hours, the door of the operating room was finally pushed open, and the doctor walked out with heavy steps. He let out a long breath and said,”the patient is out of danger for the time being.” He can be transferred to the ward for further observation. 
Hearing the words “temporarily out of danger , ” Liang Liang and his father both felt their legs go weak. 
They looked at each other and heaved a sigh of relief. 
Then they saw Liang Liang’s mother being pushed out and a group of people sent her to the intensive care unit. 
Liang Liang heaved a sigh of relief and sat down on the chair. His whole body was soft and he could no longer exert any strength. 
All of a sudden, the people of the Liang family, Liang Liang and his mother, were all admitted to the hospital. Liang Liang’s father was the only healthy person. ?． cｏ
He looked extremely miserable. 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart ached when she saw this. 
Fortunately, their family was rich enough to hire a nurse. Otherwise, Liang Liangs father would be so busy. 
The situation at Liang Liang’s side had improved, so Qiao Yiyi didn’t need to stay here. 
She stood up and said to Liang Liang, who was lying on the bed and extremely weak, “”Your body should be fine now. I’ll take my leave.” 
Liang Liang suddenly stopped her, “wait a minute.” 
Qiao Yiyi stopped and looked at Liang Liang in confusion. Liang Liang sighed, “don’t forget what I asked you to tell wuhen.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
She turned around and was about to leave when the door of the ward was suddenly pushed open and a group of police officers walked in. 
“Brother Liang, we’re here to see you!” 
With a loud voice, Liang Liang’s colleagues rushed in. 
Qiao Yiyi hid in a corner, planning to go out. 
But to her surprise, just as she was about to leave, she saw a middle-aged man walk in. 
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks and stared at the man. 
The man was none other than Bai Anan’s father, director Bai! 
But, why was he in the hospital
As he was thinking, he heard director Bai take a step forward. “There were a lot of things to do at the police station, so I finally found time to come and see you. How are you feeling?” 
Liang Liang looked embarrassed when he saw director Bai. 
He was about to say something when director Bai frowned.”Where are the in-laws? I heard that my in-law is sick, so I have to come and see her.. Where are they now.”
###Chapter 1839 – : My Dear, That’S Not Love (19) 
In-law
Qiao Yiyi raised her eyebrows and saw a flash of uneasiness on Liang Liang’s face.”Chief, I …” 
“Alright, you’ve been engaged to Anan for so long, but I haven’t met my in-laws yet. I have to meet them this time no matter what. Where are they?” 
Liang Liang was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her eyebrows when she saw this. 
She curled her lips. 
According to her understanding of Liang Liang, he must have made up his mind to break off the engagement. Even if director Bai came here, he wouldn’t be able to do anything. 
As she thought of this, she lowered her head and quietly walked out of the ward. 
As soon as she went out, she saw Bai Anan standing at the door, looking inside nervously. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Bai Anan saw her and immediately waved at her. 
When Qiao Yiyi walked over, Bai Anan asked nervously,””Did Liang Liang say anything to you?” 
What did he say
Qiao Yiyi raised her eyebrows.”Which aspect are you talking about, detective Bai?” 
Bai Anan bit her lip. “For example, did they mention me? Qiao Yiyi immediately lowered her eyes.”He really did say it.” 
Bai Anan froze. She looked up nervously at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately looked like she wanted to say something but stopped herself.”But I won’t say that. You won’t be happy.” 
After that, she lowered her head and tried to walk past Bai Anan. 
Bai Anan immediately grabbed her arm. “Don’t go. You have to explain yourself. ” 
Qiao Yiyi’s shoulders shrank.”Then I’ll tell you. You, you can’t be angry …” ‘Yes, I’m not angry.” Bai Anan took a deep breath and said. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. “When he was unconscious, he kept calling for wuhen. I asked him who wuhen was and he said, he said . 
Bai Anan bit her lip and clenched her fists in anger.”What did he say
“He said that she was the only person he liked.” 
Bai Anan stared at Qiao Yiyi.”What else did you say about me?” 
Qiao Yiyi sighed.”l’m just asking him, but detective Bai is your fiancée! But officer Liang told me that the only person he likes is wuhen. You You cant even compare to wuhen’s toe. ” 
Bai Anan’s face turned livid at his words. 
She was trembling with anger, but she suppressed her temper and didn’t dare to flare up at Qiao Yiyi. 
No matter how much she looked down on Qiao Yiyi, she had her eyes set on Lu nanze’ s wife. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed. “1 think officer Liang is too much. Officer Bai, you’re already very beautiful. How could he say that about you? I told you he should be content with what he has! However, I didn’t expect that He said, he said . 
‘What did he say?!” 
Bai Anan gritted her teeth. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head.”He said that he felt disgusted when he saw you.” 
Bai Anan was speechless. d. o
Bai Anan’s face darkened. 
She had never suffered such grievances in her life! 
What did he mean by disgusted by her
She clenched her fists and stared at detective Bai and Liang Liang in the ward, feeling her temples throbbing in anger. 
Qiao Yiyi had successfully angered Bai Anan. She curled her lips, lowered her head, and walked out of the room, leaving all the trouble to Liang Liang. 
She thought about it. It had been five hours since the last time she had struck his acupoints to relieve the pain. It seemed that he should be in pain again now. 
As she thought of this, she had already arrived outside Lu nanze’s ward. 
She stood there and was about to push the door open when she heard the Butlers voice from inside. “Sir, you must be careful of the gunshot wound on your leg!” 
PS: I’m done updating.. See you tomorrow
###Chapter 1840 – My Dear, That’S Not Love (Part 20) 
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks and stood at the door, staring at the door in disbelief. 
What did the Butler just say
A gunshot wound on the leg
Lu nanze’s leg had clearly been run through by a tree branch. How could it have been a gunshot wound
Gunshot wound … 
She did not know why, but an outrageous thought suddenly appeared in her heart. 
Perhaps … During the chaos, the person who had taken the bullet for her had not been Liang Liang, but Lu nanze
She knew that she was overthinking things, but once she thought about it, she couldn’t help but start to let her thoughts wander. 
Perhaps it was true
Perhaps it really was Lu nanze and not Liang Liang
She bit her lip and suddenly clenched her fists nervously. 
If this was a beautiful misunderstanding … And Liang Liang didn’t take the bullet for her, then … She wouldn’t feel guilty about Liang Liang! 
As soon as she thought of this, she reached out and pushed the door open! 
In the ward, the Butler and Lu nanze were in the middle of a conversation when the door suddenly opened. Both of them jumped in shock. 
They all turned around. When they saw Qiao Yiyi, the Butler immediately lowered his head and shouted, ‘Madam. 
Lu nanze frowned and said, “don’t you have any manners? Don’t you know to knock before you enter?” 
Qiao Yiyi ignored the disdain, vigilance, and even warning in his tone. 
Without doing anything, she took two steps forward and stood in front of Lu nanze. 
His eyes were almost glowing! 
Seeing her like this, Lu nanze frowned. At the thought of what the Butler had said, he narrowed his eyes and asked warily,””What did you just hear?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him like a Wolf looking at its prey. She said, “1 heard everything.” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze watched as the woman lifted his blanket and was about to pull up his pants 
Lu nanze was utterly speechless. 
Shouldn’t an ordinary woman be scared to death when she heard about being injured by a gun
Why was this woman so The look in her eyes, was it excitement
The light in her eyes was almost coming out! 
What the hell was this woman doing?! 
Lu nanze’s mouth twitched and he frowned.”What are you doing 
“Don’t move!” 
Before she could finish her sentence, she heard Qiao Yiyi’s reprimanding voice. Her tone was commanding. 
“You bastard!” 
Lu nanze was stunned by her words, but the next moment, he felt that he was really a coward. 
Since when was he being ordered around by a woman
He took a deep breath. Just as he was about to say something, he felt the bandage on his leg being unwrapped by her with great familiarity! 
He frowned and was about to pull back his leg when his thigh was suddenly grabbed by that small hand! 
Lu nanze was stunned. He looked up and saw Qiao Yiyi looking at his wound with a serious expression. 
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi finally saw his real wound. 
The wound was of such a blood type, but the marks left by the gun were so heart-wrenching. 
She bit her lip and heard Lu nanze ask through gritted teeth, “”ls it good?” 
“Very cute,” Qiao Yiyi replied. 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
[PS: write a chapter to ask for leave—-adjust your biological clock Update at 9:10 am tomorrow morning–xoxo!] In the future, we must be beautiful women who don’t stay up late-
###Chapter 1841 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (1) 
Lu nanze could not hold it in any longer. 
Was there something wrong with this guy’s brain
How could she use the word ‘cute’ to describe someone else’s wound
He stared at Qiao Yiyi with a strange look, wondering if he should ask the Butler to take her to see a psychiatrist. 
After all, this guy was still his wife. If he really lost his mind, it wouldn’t be good for him and his reputation would be affected. 
The Butler who was standing beside them was also stunned. 
Madam actually said that Sir’s wound was very cute
Did he hear it wrong
He glanced at the teacher’s almost twisted expression and couldn’t help but cough. He reminded him,””Madam …” 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly realized what she had said in her moment of excitement. 
Very cute
I’m finished! 
These two people would definitely think that she was crazy. 
The corners of her mouth twitched, and she looked up at Lu nanze. She said affectionately,””Because I like you, I have to like everything about you. Lu nanze, you don’t know this, but to me, everything about you is beautiful. Even if it’s just a small wound, to others, this wound may be scary and scary, but to me, it’s exceptionally cute.” 
Blargh! n?e?. o
Qiao Yiyi almost vomited when she heard that. 
However, this should be enough to make the Butler and Lu nanze stop suspecting her. 
As this thought flashed through her mind, she looked up and saw the strange expressions on Lu nanze and the Butler’s faces. The Butler’s mouth twitched and he immediately lowered his head, not daring to speak. Lu nanze, on the other hand, stared at her with a strange expression. 
Lu nanze felt a chill run down his spine when Qiao Yiyi held his leg. Was she really alright
Qiao Yiyi knew that she had gone a little too far, so she tried to smooth things over.”But you have to be more careful in the future. Don’t let yourself get hurt again.” 
“Because my heart will hurt!” 
The Butler could not help but lower his head and shrug his shoulders. 
Lu nanze couldn’t help but look away. The corners of his mouth twitched, not knowing what to say. 
Qiao Yiyi cleared her throat after she finished speaking. Then, she lowered her head and continued to check on Lu nanze’s injuries. 
The spear had pierced through his thigh, which happened to be where he had been injured the last time. It had caused the wound to fester a little. Fortunately, Lu nanze’s body was strong, so it did not get infected. 
However, the pain was inevitable. 
It was no wonder that this guy, who was so good at enduring pain, could not help but cry out in pain in his sleep because of the pain in his leg. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but lower her head and massage him again. 
She suddenly recalled the day she had gotten into an accident and returned to the hospital. The Butler had told her that Lu nanze’s ward was off-limits to others. 
Now that she thought about it, Lu nanze had not been in the room at all. 
He had gone to save her! 
However, how could he drag a sick person into the cafe to save her
Why did he save her
She recalled what Lu nanze had said to her,”try it out with me …” 
Her heart finally could not help but beat wildly. 
She lifted her head and looked at Lu nanze. 
At that moment, his face was full of disdain, but he didn’t say it out loud. He looked exceptionally handsome and Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but stare at him. 
She knew that she might have fallen for it..
###Chapter 1842 – : Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (2) 
Qiao Yiyi immediately looked up and shook her head. 
She had already tried to love in the past, but the result was so tragic. At this moment, although she had the courage to try again, she would still hold back. 
At least for now, she still had no way to admit to Lu nanze that she was wuhen. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes at the thought. 
Then, she smiled bitterly. 
In fact, some things were better to be natural. Just like now, didn’t she have a lot less time to act in front of himrа. Co
She lowered her head and continued to massage Lu nanze seriously. 
She didn’t know how long the massage had been going on. When she looked up, she saw Lu nanze’s conflicted expression. 
Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow and saw him move uncomfortably. 
Qiao Yiyi was confused. The Butler coughed.”Sir, do you need to relieve yourself?” I’ll go call the nurse for you. ” 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but burst into laughter. 
How could this guy be so cute
Furthermore, what was he being so pretentious for
Didn’t he ask me to help him to the bathroom the last time? why is he acting so innocent today
Qiao Yiyi pouted, then looked up with a smile. She said to the Butler,”Butler, let me do it.” 
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler glanced at Lu nanze. Seeing that his mouth was twitching but he did not say anything, he lowered his head and did not refuse. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze.”l’ll help you up.” 
Lu nanze coughed. He knew that he shouldn’t have asked Qiao Yiyi for help, so he said,””No need, get a nurse.” 
Qiao Yiyi continued,”why are you so shy? it’s not like I haven’t seen it before!” Didn’t I help you last time?” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze opened his mouth, but he was speechless. 
He was actually feeling a little complicated right now. 
He didn’t know why, but when he heard Qjao Yiyi’S straightforward confession, although he was shy, he felt a little happy. 
He knew that he liked wuhen and that he should keep his distance from Qiao Yiyi. 
However, he couldn’t help but want to hear what she had to say and see what she was doing. Especially when she said that she wanted to help him, he actually had a little anticipation in his heart. Even his tone of rejection was so insincere.”But I can’t always trouble you.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes widened as she stared at him in disbelief.”Mr. Lu, how many people do you plan to let look at you
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t waste any more time. She walked to Lu nanze’s side, reached out her slender arm. and grabbed his arm.”Get LID.” 
She looked like a bag of bones, but unexpectedly, she was quite strong. Lu nanze sat up on the bed with her help. Qiao Yiyi leaned over and placed his legs on the ground. Then, she helped him to the bathroom. 
As they walked, Qiao Yi nagged, “Mr. Lu, didn’t you disgust me last time?” Why did she become so pure this time? You’ve changed too quickly …” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze coughed and said, “Hmph, innocent? Can this word be associated with me? I’ve played with more women in my life than you’ve ever seen!” 
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks and turned to look at him. Lu nanze was taken aback..”What are you looking at?”
###Chapter 1843 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (3) 
Qiao Yiyi laughed in her heart. 
He had played with more women than she had met
This guy’s tone was really not small! 
If she didn’t know him well enough to know that he was only thinking about Qiao Lian, she would have believed him. 
This guy … He really didn’t want to suffer any losses. 
However, looking at him, Qiao Yiyi knew that if she exposed him, he would be even more angry. Qiao Yiyi blinked her eyes.”Oh, I know.” 
You know
What did he know
Lu nanze coughed, feeling a little uncomfortable. 
She didn’t know why, but she didn’t want to act like a young boy who was in a relationship for the first time in front of Qiao Yiyi. 
He coughed and followed Qiao Yiyi to the bathroom. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and said with a smile,”Mr. Lu, do you need me to help you take off your pants?” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
What was this guy’s face made of? how could he say something like taking off his pants so casually
His face immediately darkened. “No need.” 
Then, she reached out her hand and began to undress. 
As he was undressing, Lu nanze suddenly felt that something was wrong. 
He turned his head and saw Qiao Yiyi staring at him with a smile. 
Lu nanze was stunned and his face darkened.”What are you looking at?!” 
As soon as she said this, she recalled that he seemed to have said the same thing last time. 
It was also in this place 
The familiar scene and the familiar people actually gave him an inexplicable feeling of warmth. 
The moment he said that, his nervousness disappeared. He thought of the last time when Qiao Yiyi turned her head in a panic after he said that. He looked up and saw that Qiao Yiyi was still smiling at him.”l actually wanted to observe.” Lu nanze was taken aback.”What do you mean
“1’m observing. The number of women I’ve played with is more than the number of people I’ve seen!” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze’s expression darkened again.”Turn your head away!” 
After he finished speaking, he reached out his hand and touched her head. 
This action was intimate yet casual. Both Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi were stunned. They had been married for more than half a year, but they had always treated each other with respect. Lu nanze had never even seen Qiao Yiyi in his eyes. 
However, it seemed that after Lu nanze had been hospitalized, the two of them had interacted a lot more. 
At this thought, Lu nanze lowered his head. 
After he was done, he packed his clothes and looked at Qiao Yiyi.”l’m done.” 
Qiao Yiyi turned around and helped him to wash his hands. After he was done, she helped him back to the ward. 
After helping Lu nanze lie down on the bed, Qiao Yiyi sat down on the edge of the bed and continued to watch over him. Lu nanze frowned at Qiao Yiyi’s reaction. 
He closed his eyes. 
His mind was filled with the images ofWu Hen and Qiao Yiyi. 
He knew that he had to make a choice between the two. 
He tried his best to calm himself down and think about who he actually liked. 
In the end, he finally remembered that it was actually wuhen. 
He liked her unruly personality and her arrogant look. 
The reason why Qiao Yiyi had attracted his attention was that she had a kind of temperament that was similar to Wu Hen. Perhaps, they were the petite Type?
###Chapter 1844 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (4) 
At this thought, Lu nanze cast his gaze down. 
He had made up his mind. 
Since that was the case, she had to keep a distance from Qiao Yiyi to avoid being misunderstood by wuhen. 
After all, the last time Wu Hen came, he left in anger because of Qiao Yiyi. 
At this thought, he opened his eyes and looked at the Butler.”You can leave first.” 
The Butler was taken aback. He looked at Lu nanze, then at Qiao Yiyi. He nodded and walked out. 
Lu nanze watched as the Butler closed the door and walked out. He was slightly taken aback. 
The reason why he asked the Butler to leave was because what he was going to say next might hurt Qiao Yiyi’s self-esteem. He wanted to save her face. 
However, he had never cared about Qiao Yiyi’s feelings before. What was going on now
He frowned and stopped thinking about it. Instead, he looked at Qiao Yiyi.”I have something to tell you.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. He looked so serious that she thought he was going to say something important. 
The result was 
“We’ll have to get a divorce sooner or later. ” Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
He had already said this sentence several times! 
Of course she knew! 
Qiao Yiyi nodded.”Yes, I know. I …” 
Before she could finish, Lu nanze interrupted her,”so, what do you want?” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned.”Ah 
Lu nanze cast his gaze down and said,”once husband and wife, forever love. We were once husband and wife, after all. When we get divorced, as long as your request is not too much, I can satisfy you.” Name a price. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
What’s wrong with this guy
Why did he suddenly become so soft-hearted
She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly felt like teasing him.”But you might not be able to give me what I want.” 
Lu nanze was taken aback.”What do you want?” 
Was there anything in this world that he, Lu nanze, could not afford
Qiao Yiyi stared at him seriously. “I want your true heart.” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze choked. He coughed and turned his head away, not daring to look Qiao Yiyi in the eye. 
It was only then that he realized how difficult it was to reject a woman who loved him deeply. 
He had completely forgotten how many people he had rejected before. 
At this moment, wasn’t the reason why she found it hard to reject him was because he had feelings for her
However, Lu nanze did not notice this. He only than this.” 
“Then I want your people.” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
He coughed again.”This one won’t do either.” 
Qiao Yiyi watched as his ears slowly turned red. She felt that teasing him was so fun! 
“1 Actually, I only need to be a real husband and wife with you for one day, as long as you can satisfy me She couldn’t help but smile evilly. 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze’s face darkened. What did this guy think he was
One day And you’re satisfied
He immediately turned his head and wanted to scold Qiao Yiyi, but he saw a flash of happiness in her eyes. 
Lu nanze immediately understood that he had been tricked by Qiao Yiyi. 
He was furious and said,””Qiao Yiyi, I’m talking to you seriously!” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately stopped smiling. 
Lu nanze took a deep breath. He knew that Qiao Yiyi was not serious. He said,””How about this? after we get divorced, I’ll give you a house and 10 million in cash. I’ll make sure that you’ll live a carefree life for the rest of your life.” 
-PS: I’m done updating-—see you tomorrow morning!] There are no updates tonight!
###Chapter 1845 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (5) 
Qiao Yiyi was slightly stunned by Lu nanze’s serious tone. 
A house and ten million in cash was indeed enough for an ordinary person. 
She could live the rest of her life without worry. 
Thinking of this, she laughed. 
It turned out that even though Lu nanze was so cruel, he was not that heartless. 
If he was really cold to everyone, he would be too terrifying. 
On the contrary, he felt a little guilty for delaying his marriage to his wife for a year, which meant that he was not a bad person. 
At the thought of this, Qiao Yiyi’s lips curled up. 
Lu nanze had thought that after he said this, based on how much Qiao Yiyi loved him, she would be sad and disappointed. 
After all, she liked him so much. How could she be satisfied with a house and some money
As he thought about it, he looked up and saw Qiao Yiyi looking at him with a satisfied smile. 
Satisfied
The next moment, Lu nanze’s face turned livid. 
He was going to send her away with this little money
As expected, her love for him wasn’t as strong as he had imagined, was it
Qiao Yiyi nodded. “Sure.” 
She said the word “great” in an exceptionally relaxed manner, as if she was satisfied. 
So Before this, her love for him was for the money
His face turned even colder. 
But thinking about it, it wouldn’t be bad if she was such a person. 
At the very least, when they got divorced in the future, they would be able to cut off all ties cleanly. 
This way, he would not have any psychological burden when he was with wuhen. 
Lu nanze lowered his head and said,”okay, if that’s the case, then it’s a deal.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded repeatedly. 
Lu nanze was exasperated. 
However, she didn’t know what she was angry about. 
Wasn’t it good that she had explained everything to him so clearly and clearly? It would be the most troublesome if she kept pestering him! 
Lu nanze felt a little depressed. He closed his eyes and kept quiet, pretending to be asleep. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and smiled. 
She stood up and looked at his legs again. 
She wouldn’t be able to get anything out of Lu nanze. 
Only by asking Liang Liang could she find out who helped her block the gunshot wound. 
As she thought of this, she lowered her eyes. 
She quietly walked out of the ward. 
If Qiao Yiyi asked Liang Liang, he would definitely not tell her, so she could only ask him as wuhen. 
Even though she knew that Bai Anan had already set up an inescapable net to catch her, Qiao Yiyi was still confident that Bai Anan’s tricks would not be able to trap her. 
Qiao Yi ran out of the hospital and found her sports car. She changed her clothes and put on her mask, turning invisible. 
She then entered the hospital. 
It was already evening, and the sky was dark. The street lights were already on. 
When Qiao Yiyi arrived at the hospital, all the lights in the corridors and wards were turned on. 
Under the cover of the night, she quietly climbed out of the window to the ward where Liang Liang was. 
When she arrived, she was about to break in through the window, only to find that director Bai was still in the ward with Liang Liang! 
Qiao Yiyi immediately curled up and sneaked in to listen to their conversation. 
Director Bai had been here during the day.. Why was he still here ?
###Chapter 1846 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (6) 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. Were they talking about breaking off the engagement
As he was thinking, he heard director Bai say,””The 15th of next month is a good day.” 
A good day
Did he have to choose a date to break off the engagement
As soon as this thought came to her mind, she heard Liang Liang’s weak reply,””Alright, I got it.” 
Director Bai nodded and stood up.”I think we’ve talked it through today. Although Anan is very strong, she’s been my baby since she was young. I hope you’ll treat her well and don’t let her suffer any grievances.” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank when she heard this. 
She stared at the window in disbelief, unable to believe her ears. 
What did director Bai say
The meaning of this sentence … 
If it was to break off the engagement, how could he have said something like ‘treat her well’
But if it wasn’t to break off the engagement … Why did it have to be on the 15th of next month … . c?
Was there a hidden meaning behind it
Could it be That they were getting married
As soon as she thought of this, she frowned and felt a little uncomfortable. 
Sure enough, the next moment, Liang Liang ?I’ll get my father to prepare it. I’ll book the hotel and everything. But how much betrothal gifts does your family want?” 
Director Bai laughed out loud.”The monetary gift is just a small matter. You don’t have to get involved in it. I’ll talk to your father! This is a happy event for us, so we don’t have to be calculative about the small things. You just have to listen to the arrangements of the elders. ” 
Liang Liang nodded. 
Director Bai walked to the door and opened it. “An ?an, come here quickly. ” Immediately, Bai Anan walked in from the door. 
She bit her lips and twisted her hands together. She looked up at Liang Liang with surprise. 
Qiao Yiyi stood outside the window and could only see Bai Anan’s face. She couldn’t see Liang Liang’s expression. She frowned and stared into the room. 
He didn’t know what had happened that made Liang Liang change his mind in just one day. 
When she left, Liang Liang was still determined to break off the engagement with Bai Anan. Why did he suddenly agree to Bai Anan’s marriage and arrange the wedding
What had happened that day that she didn’t know about
She frowned and saw Bai Anan smiling at Liang Liang. “Brother Liang. ” 
Liang Liang nodded and said, “Anan, don’t Think too much.” 
Bai Anan nodded immediately. “Okay, brother Liang, I know what I did was a little too much. I apologize to you. In the future, I will discuss with you whatever I do. I will not do this again.” 
Hearing this, director Bai laughed immediately.”Yes, yes, you’ll be husband and wife from now on, so you should support each other. Don’t get into a fight over a small matter. Liang Liang, 1 have to criticize you for this. It’s not a joke to call off an engagement. You’d better not say it so often.” 
Liang Liang lowered his head.”l know.” 
“Well, in that case, Anan, go and call your in-laws over. We’ll discuss the wedding date. We’ve already set the wedding date, but we’ll have to think about the date for the marriage registration as well. ” 
Bai Anan nodded. She looked at Liang Liang with a smile on her face, then lowered her head and walked out shyly..
###Chapter 1847 – : Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (7) 
Qiao Yiyi stood outside the window, still in disbelief. 
After a while, Mr. Liang walked in. When he saw director Bai, he smiled.”Hello, hello …” 
Director Bai stood up and shook his hand. 
Father Liang didn’t look too good, obviously tired from taking care of mother Liang. 
He looked at director Bai and sighed.”The two children have been engaged for so long, but this is the first time I’m seeing you. It’s my Liang Liang’s fault …” 
“Let’s not talk about who’s right and who’s wrong,” director Bai said.”I called you here today to discuss the marriage of the two children.” 
“Marriage?” Father Liang was surprised. He turned to look at Liang Liang. 
Director Bai sighed. “The two children have been together for several years. It’s not appropriate to postpone the marriage. Liang Liang told me just now that he wants to get married. I think he’s also affected by his injury this time, so he wants to get married as soon as possible. After all, it’s dangerous to be a police officer. If he wants to get married, as his elders, we should help him, right?” 
Father Liang looked at Liang Liang, thought for a while, and then nodded. “Yes, we have to see what the young people think now. We can ‘t give them any ideas. Since Liang Liang has agreed, I have no ion My family will prepare for it. As for the wedding day ” 
“1’ve discussed it with Liang Liang. The 15th of next month is good. 
Father Liang was stunned. He thought for a while and said, “the 15th is a good day, but Forget it. As elders, we have to think about the young. I’ll ask my family to make arrangements.” 
“1’m thinking of getting the kids to register their marriage tomorrow,”director Bai continued. 
Father Liang frowned. “Well, that’s not very appropriate.” 
Director Bai was taken aback. “What’s wrong
Mr. Liang sighed,”his mother hasn’t woken up yet. If we go to get the marriage certificate now, his mother will be unhappy. I think we don’t have to rush it. Besides, Liang Liang is still having a fever. How about this? I’ll ask my family to prepare for the wedding, and they can get the marriage certificate. We’ll talk about it when his mother wakes up. What do you think?” 
There was nothing wrong with his words. 
After all, Liang Liang’s mother was still in a coma and in the intensive care unit. It was a bit unreasonable to go to get the marriage certificate now. 
Director Bai nodded and was about to say something when Bai Anan grabbed his arm. “Dad, Auntie is not well yet. Let’s not talk about the wedding today. Let uncle rest well.’ 
Director Bai glanced at father Liang and nodded. “Alright, we’ll head back first. 
We’ll discuss the wedding after you’re done with your business.” 
Father Liang nodded. 
Director Bai turned to look at Bai Anan and daughter is the most sensible. I’m the one who arranged this. I’m really sorry, in-laws. ” 
Director Bai had shouldered all the responsibility, what could father Liang say
He glanced at Bai Anan and smiled.””Anan is a good girl. She is sensible and considerate. You must be considerate to her in the future.’ 
“Yes, we must support them well. Alright, we’ll be leaving now. ” 
After seeing director Bai off, Mr. Liang came back and sat in front of Liang 
Liangs bed..”Tell me, what happened?” o
###Chapter 1848 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (8) 
Liang Liang was stunned,”dad …” 
Before she could finish, father Liang said,””I know what you’re like. When you were engaged to Bai Anan, you said that it was fake and that we didn’t need to come. Now that you suddenly said that you want to marry her, the act has come true. I don’t believe that there’s nothing fishy about it.” 
After saying this, father Liang reached out his hand and held Liang Liang. He looked at Liang Liang and said,”son, you …” 
“Dad, how’s mom doing?” Liang Liang didn’t want to talk about this, so he changed the topic. 
“Your mom is awake,” father Liang said. 
Liang Liang was stunned,”then you just …” 
Mr. Liang sighed.”I don’t want you to promise chief Bai anything on a whim. I want to give you some time to think about it. Once we get the marriage certificate, it’ll be settled. You can’t go back on your word.” 
Liang Liang was stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi, who was hiding by the window, was also stunned. 
At the same time, she couldn’t help but sigh in her heart. In this world, the most bitter thing was a parent’s heart. 
Liang Liang was obviously a little touched.”Dad . 
“Liang Liang, I don’t know why you didn’t want to tell me why you compromised. I just want to advise you that since you’ve made a choice, you have to pay the price for your choice today. If you really marry Bai Anan, then you have to treat her well and treat her as a real wife. Even now, you’ve used your marriage as a trade. She’s still your wife, and you can’t let her down in this lifetime. 
Liang Liang looked up at him.”Dad . 
“As a man, I must do what I say. I hope you’ll seriously consider this. You’re an adult now. I can’t meddle in your business anymore. ‘ 
Liang Liang’s heart ached.”Dad . 
“As a man, I must do what I say. I hope you’ll seriously consider this. You’re an adult now. I can’t meddle in your business anymore. ‘ 
Liang Liang’s heart ached.”Dad . 
“Alright, have a good rest. I’ll go and see your mother. She has just woken up and is still quite weak. I’ll give you a week’s time to think it over and let me know. I’ll either propose or break off the engagement. 
After saying this, father Liang stood up and walked towards the door of the ward. When he reached the door, he turned back and said,”child, marriage is the most important thing in life. Don’t let your emotions get the better of you. 
You must think about it carefully.” 
His serious words made Liang Liangs heart sink. 
He looked at father Liang and nodded, but he didn’t say anything. 
Father Liang looked at him and sighed. Then, he pushed the door open and walked out. 
The entire Ward fell silent. 
Liang Liang leaned on the bed dejectedly, squinting and staring at the ceiling. 
He knew that he shouldn’t trade a lifetime of happiness for it, but he had no choice 
As he thought of this, he narrowed his eyes. 
He suddenly realized something and sat up straight, staring at the window. ‘Who’s there?!” 
As soon as he said this, there was a moment of silence at the window. Then, the window was opened and wuhen slipped in. 
Liang Liang was stunned and looked at her in shock. ‘Why are you here? Bai 
Anan has set up an inescapable net around us, you …” 
Before he could finish his words, Wu Hen stepped forward. She stared at Liang Liang for a while and suddenly grabbed his collar, “Liang Liang, did you do something unfair for me?!” ?n?а. ?m
As soon as he finished speaking, Liang Liang instantly fell silent. 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow—let’s all kiss each other!]
###Chapter 1849 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (9) 
Wu Hen stared at Liang Liang, staring at him. He didn’t want to miss any of Liang Liang Liang’s expressions and movements. 
However, to Wu hen’s disappointment, Liang Liang had concealed his true identity so well that she couldn’t see anything from his face. 
She stared at Liang Liang. 
Liang Liang had always been a man of his word. Even though he had betrayed her, she still believed in his character. 
Before she left today, Liang Liang had said that he wanted to break off the engagement with Bai Anan. But now he had suddenly changed his mind. There must be something she didn’t know. 
She stared at Liang Liang, wanting to know why he did this. 
If it wasn’t because of her … She wouldn’t have meddled in others ‘business. If it was because of her … She didn’t like Liang Liang anymore. She couldn’t bear this. 
Hearing her question, Liang Liang didn’t say anything but just stared at her. 
Wu Hen had to ask again,”Liang Liang, I don’t want to know why you did this. I just want to know if it was because of me.” 
Was it because of her
Liang Liang lowered his eyes and a bitter smile flashed in his heart. 
He lowered his eyes and said after a moment,””No.” 
Wuhen was stunned. 
Liang Liang looked up.”Wuhen, Did you know? Sometimes, you think too highly of me. I’m actually not as good as you think. I’m a person, living in this society, a part of the community. Sometimes, I compromise due to some realistic reasons. Now, let me tell you, director Bai promised me that after he retires, I’ll take his position. I’ve worked so hard for so many years to get into the police station, and it’s all for the sake of climbing up the ladder, isn’t it?” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at him in disbelief.”You didn’t say this before 
He came from a wealthy family and didn’t want him to be a police officer at all. He was the one who insisted on taking this path. She still remembered him saying with great ambition, “”1 want to become the People’s Police. I want to be a qualified police!” 
That was why Qiao Yiyi had never resented him when he targeted her and arrested her for being a thief. In fact, she had been moved by his persistence. 
But now 
Liang Liang looked up. “People change. I’ve been in the police line for so long and I don’t know how to do business at home. I can only continue in this line of work. I can’t be looked down upon by my family. Back then, I refused to accept my family’s arrangements and insisted on becoming a police officer. So many people were waiting to see me make a fool of myself But now, isn’t this all good?” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at him in confusion.”But, but you and Bai Anan Shouldn’t you marry the person you like?” 
When Liang Liang heard this, he suddenly stopped. “”1 only like you. Will you marry me. ?аd. 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart sank She didn’t know how to answer the question. 
Liang Liang smiled bitterly, “you see, the person I like doesn’t want to marry me. What’s wrong with me marrying someone who likes me? At least I can control Bai Anan, and in this life, I will never like another woman like you. So, I think that since marriage can’t bring me happiness, it can bring me benefits. ” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Liang Liang in shock when she heard this. 
Was it like this
Why did she always feel that things were not that simple?
###Chapter 1850 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (Part Ten) 
However, he couldn’t tell what was wrong. 
Besides what Liang Liang had said, what else could make Liang Liang compromise on her
She had not been caught and was very safe. Even she did not know her mother’s whereabouts, let alone them. Therefore, director Bai really didn’t have anything to threaten him with. 
It wasn’t because of her … Then maybe it was really the reason Liang Liang said
Qiao Yiyi looked at Liang Liang and suddenly felt very disappointed. 
Even if she didn’t like this man anymore, in her heart, Liang Liang was still a qualified police officer … He was an upright police officer who could live with a clear conscience. 
Perhaps it was because she was a thief and lacked the ability to be open and honest in front of others, so she had always yearned for Liang Liang’s temperament and liked it very much. It was also because of this that she had admired Liang Liang in the past. 
But now … 
His temperament disappeared. 
His temperament disappeared. 
She felt an indescribable sense of disappointment. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and said, “I’m thinking too much. I shouldn’t have praised you too much. You’re just an ordinary person.” 
After she said this, she turned around and was about to leave. 
However, when he reached the window, he stopped and looked back at Liang Liang, asking,””Liang Liang, I’ll ask you one last question. Were you the one who helped me block the bullet that day?” 
That day
Liang Liang was taken aback. He shook his head subconsciously.”lt wasn’t me It was Lu nanze. I was accidentally shot by a stray bullet. ” 
As expected. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes dimmed, but she felt relieved. 
It wasn’t him. 
If that was the case, then his struggle these few days was truly laughable. 
However, taking care of him for the past few days could be considered as an explanation for their love. 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists and looked at Liang Liang again. “”1 wish you happiness.” 
Liang Liang nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath. Just as she was about to break out of the window, the door of the ward was suddenly pushed open. She heard Bai Anan’s voice. “Brother Liang, I think I left my bag here.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he looked up and saw wuhen standing by the window. 
Her pupils shrank and she screamed,””Traceless! Someone, someone! 
Traceless!” 
As soon as he said that, a bunch of police officers swarmed in from outside! 
The police officers raised their guns and aimed at Wu Hen. It seemed like they would shoot at any moment! 
“Shoot her!” Bai Anan shouted.”Kill her!” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Bai Anan and then at Liang Liang. 
Then, the corners of his lips curled up into a cold smile. 
At this moment, Liang Liang suddenly said,””Bai Anan!” 
Bai Anan was stunned. She turned to look at Liang Liang. Seeing his stern look, she bit her lip and did not give the order to shoot. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the two of them and leaped down the window. 
When she reached the first floor, she was thinking about where to run to. Actually, she just needed to find a place, take off her mask, and take off her clothes. But just as she was thinking, she felt a grip on her arm. She suddenly looked up and heard someone say,””Miss wuhen, Mr. Lu sent me to pick you up.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
How did Lu nanze know that she was here
Or Did he already know that Bai Anan was going to deal with him, so he set up everything here?
###Chapter 1851 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (11) 
As soon as these thoughts appeared in her mind, she suddenly felt a warm current flowing through her heart. 
It turned out that Lu nanze had been protecting her without her knowing. 
When she went to see Liang Liang, he was worried and followed her. When the bullet was shot, he pushed her away to protect her … Now, he knew that wuhen might be worried about Liang Liang and would come to see him. He knew that Bai Anan had set a trap for her, waiting for her to fall into it, so he specially arranged for someone to meet her here … 
He had considered everything for her sake! 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath. Her wandering heart suddenly calmed down. 
For a man to throw away his life for you, isn’t that enough to prove anything
She lowered her eyes and followed the man through the hospital. They soon arrived outside the hospital. 
The man said,”the hospital is full of police now. Mr. Lu asked me to pass you a message. Liang Liang won’t die. He will help you keep an eye on him.” I told you not to come back and take risks. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded when she heard this. 
Then, he quickly turned around and left. She really wanted to see Lu nanze. 
She really wanted to give him a hug. 
He couldn’t wait. 
However, the person standing behind her had a strange expression when he saw her determined expression. 
Sir was so concerned about wuhen, but wuhen knew that sir was hospitalized. Why didn’t he ask anything
She should at least ask how Sir’s recovery was! 
Qiao Yiyi changed her clothes and ran to Lu nanze’s ward. 
Her steps were hurried, as she wanted to see Lu nanze as soon as possible. 
However, when she reached the door, she saw an uninvited guest-Li Tingting. 
Li Tingting was in the ward. She asked Lu nanze,”second brother, hows your leg?n 
‘Second brother , are you thirsty?” 
“Second brother , do you want to eat something?” 
“Second brother , why don’t I turn on the television for you and watch it for a while?” 
Unfortunately, Lu nanze did not seem to care about her. 
Until . 
“Second brother , I even called Qiao Lian yesterday. She was very concerned about your leg and even asked me how you were doing. How am I supposed to answer that?” 
At these words, Lu nanze finally reacted and turned to look at her. 
Li Tingting’s eyes widened in shock. Lu nanze said,””Tell her that I’m fine.” 
Li Tingting nodded.”Okay, I’ll call her tonight to tell her that. Um, second brother, do you have anything else to tell her?” 
Lu nanze lowered his eyes and said,”tell her to rest well and stop overthinking.” 
Li Tingting continued to nod her head. “Qiao Lian has given birth and is in confinement. However, she has been accumulating a lot of blood while giving birth, so she’s been losing a lot of blood. I heard that Mr. Shen bought her a lot of nutritional supplements.” 
Hearing this, Lu nanze nodded and said,””How’s her recovery going
“She’s fine. At first, she couldn’t get off the bed, but now she can walk a few rounds. But when I called her, she still sounded a little weak. I heard from her that the doctor said that she shouldn’t have a second child in the next five years, or it’ll be bad for her body.” 
Lu nanze nodded again. 
Li Tingting picked up a glass of water from the side and handed it to him. 
As Lu nanze was thinking about something else, he did not pay attention to it. He reached out to take it and took a sip. 
Li Tingting stood up.”Second brother, you’re sweating. I’ll go and wipe your body
###Chapter 1852 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (12) 
He wanted to wipe his body again
Qiao Yiyi, who was standing at the door, was furious. 
This Li Tingting was really shameless to the extreme! 
To be so concerned about someone else’s husband, she was simply shameless! 
Qiao Yiyi pushed the door open and walked in. 
Li Tingting jumped in shock when she heard the voice at the door. She turned around and, upon seeing Qiao Yiyi, her pupils shrank. She turned to look at Lu nanze nervously. 
Seeing her like this, Qiao Yiyi thought that she was guilty and didn’t think much about it. 
She lowered her head and sneered. Then, she walked in.”Miss Li, you’re here again!” 
Li Tingting nodded and bit her lip. 
She turned around and glanced at Lu nanze. 
Seeing Lu nanze pick up the cup and take another sip, she became more and more anxious. 
She coughed and said,”Yiyi, I have something to trouble you with. Can I?” 
Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow. Was he trying to send her away so that he could take advantage of Lu nanze
Qiao Yiyi laughed coldly in her heart, but she remained calm on the surface. ‘What’s the matter?” 
“1 want to eat the durian shortbread from the de Sheng restaurant. Can you buy one for me
The de Sheng restaurant
It was more than ten kilometers away from here! 
In addition, it was rush hour at this time and there was a traffic jam. This back and forth, in addition to the time to queue up to buy things, would take at least two to three hours! 
Who knew how much Li Tingting would take advantage of him in these two to three hours
Qiao Yiyi sneered. Did he really think she was stupid
Qiao Yiyi raised her head. “Miss Li, are you sure you want to eat durian shortbread?” 
Li Tingting was taken aback.”VVhat’s the matter?” 
Qiao Yiyi sighed. “1 heard that the durians in the durian shortbread are made from rotten durians. I don’t think we should eat outside food.” 
Li Tingting didn’t really want to eat, so how could she be moved by her words? she smiled and said,””Yiyi, you think too badly of the business. Besides, the de Sheng restaurant is a famous restaurant. There are no problems with the quality of the food. I’ll have to trouble you, you can go now. ” 
As she said this, she took out a key and asked,”by the way, do you know how to drive? Why don’t you drive my car?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Li Tingting.”l don’t know how to drive.” 
“0h, that’s fine. I have a chauffeur. I’ll get him to send you there.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Li Tingting.”l don’t know how to drive.” 
“Oh, that’s fine. I have a chauffeur. I’ll get him to send you there.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Li Tingting with a half-smile. “Since Miss Li has a chauffeur, it’ll be even easier. Let the chauffeur buy it for you. I can’t get away from this place!” 
After saying this, she sat down on the edge of Lu nanze’s bed and said, “Mr. Lu needs me to take care of him.” 
“I’ll take care of second brother. Yiyi, you …”She said. 
“That won’t do.” Qiao Yiyi looked worried.”Auntie told me not to leave Mr. Lu’s side, in case someone takes advantage of me.” 
‘You!” Li Tingting exclaimed.”You …!” 
As soon as she said this, she couldn’t help but look at Lu nanze. He seemed to be a little thirsty at the moment, so he continued to drink the glass of water. 
Li Tingting was getting more and more anxious, and she bit her lip. 
Now, she had to find a way to get Qiao Yiyi out! 
But what could he do
She was burning with anxiety. 
At that moment, the Butler suddenly knocked on the door and said to Qiao 
Yiyi,””Madam, your brother is here. He’s looking for you. ” 
PS: “lknowthatfour chapters a day isa little too little. I’m sorry, but there have been too many trivial things recently My old readers know that I have no less than eight chapters a day. It’s just a Side Story. I want to lower my expectations and give myself some time to rest. If you’re not satisfied, you can save two or three days to read it together If you don’t want to read Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi’s story, you can wait for my new book in September Thank you for your understanding!”
###Chapter 1853 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (13) 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this. 
Her brother … Qiao gang was here
What was Qiao gang doing here
Qiao Yiyi frowned at the thought. 
Just as he was about to say something, Li Tingting said,””Aiya, your brother must have something to tell you. You should go and take a look.” 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to say that she wasn’t going, but it would be a little inappropriate if she didn’t go now. 
After all, she was still the Qiao family’s illegitimate daughter on the surface. 
She frowned and pondered for a moment before nodding. 
She was going to see why Qiao gang was looking for her. It would only take a little time. Besides, Li Tingting might not be able to do anything with her here. 
Seeing how she was trying to send her away … Qiao Yiyi decided to wait for her to come back and see what Li Tingting was up to! 
Anyway, she was definitely up to no good today! 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi nodded.”Okay.” 
Li Tingting heaved a sigh of relief. 
Qiao Yiyi followed the Butler out. Before she left, she turned to look at Lu nanze. He had his head lowered and was looking at the glass of water. He didn’t say a word, as if he hadn’t heard what they had just said. 
This guy Did he really want Li Tingting to wipe his body for him
Qiao Yiyi was holding back her anger. 
When she arrived at the hospital, she saw Qiao gang standing there. When he saw Qiao Yiyi, he hurriedly walked up to her. “Qiao Yiyi, I need to prepare the money to go to the Li family to propose marriage. Have you prepared it for me
Qiao Yiyi knew that he was looking for her because of this. iea.＆nbsp;
She stared at Qiao gang and suddenly said, “I raised the money and even sold my jewelry.” 
Qiao gang’s eyes lit up. Hurry up and give it to me!” 
Qiao Yiyi sighed and lowered her head.”But later, Mr. Lu found out and took all the money. He said If you want money, go to her.” Qiao gang was speechless. 
How would he dare to ask Lu nanze for money
Wasn’t this courting death
His face instantly darkened.”What are you doing? Mr. Lu would even care about that little money of yours
At this point, he immediately stared at her with a dark expression. “Or is it that you actually don’t want to give it to me, so you’re deliberately making up an excuse. 
As soon as she said this, she felt that what she said made sense.”That must be the case. How could Mr. Lu be interested in that little money of yours? you must not want to give it to me! “Qiao Yiyi, I’m telling you, if you don’t give it to me, do you know that I’ll ask Dad to come and find you? also, don’t you understand that you can only gain a foothold in the Lu family if your family is strong? don’t think that you’ll be able to fly up the branch and become a Phoenix just because you married Mr. Lu. You . 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him with disdain. 
The corners of her mouth twitched and she sneered. 
Qiao gang continued,”back then, your mom was a pauper, and now you’re just relying on us!” Without your family, what are you, huh?” 
As she said this, she immediately went forward and grabbed Qiao Yiyi.”l’m telling you, go and get the money right now! Otherwise, I won’t let you off so easily! Is your mother that cheap good for nothing? I didn’t expect you to be so useless!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank when she heard this. She looked up abruptly. 
She would treat it as if she had been bitten by a dog when he humiliated her, but he dared to scold her mother?
###Chapter 1854 – : Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (Part Fourteen) 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists. 
Thinking about how her mother had been hit in the heart because of her, and now that she was on the verge of death and had yet to contact her, she could not tolerate others saying such things. 
She directly raised her head and grabbed Qiao gang’s sleeve, her expression turning sharp.”What did you say?” 
Qiao gang was in the middle of scolding when someone suddenly grabbed his collar. He was about to start scolding, but when he looked up and saw Qiao Yiyi’s appearance, his words were stuck in his throat. 
He opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but Qiao Yiyi’s eyes were too fierce. It was as if she would tear him apart if he dared to say anything. 
Qiao gang swallowed his saliva and looked at Qiao Yiyi.””I, I …” 
“Qiao gang, I advise you to think twice before you speak in the future, so as not to cause trouble for the family!” 
After saying this, she pushed Qiao gang away and took two steps back. She patted her hands.”l don’t have time to chat with you today. We’ll talk another day. Get lost!” 
After saying this, he turned around and walked into the hospital. 
She had to hurry over to take a look, in case Li Tingting really did something. ?. ｍ
She quickened her pace and arrived in front of Lu nanze’s ward. Just as she was about to walk in, she saw two burly Men in Black suits at the door. They were obviously bodyguards. 
She was slightly taken aback and took a step forward. “Whose family are you from
He didn’t look like someone from the Lu family! 
The two of them didn’t say a word. With cold faces, they ?outsiders are not allowed in here.” 
“Do you know who’s inside?” Qiao Yiyi asked. Lu nanze, I’m his wife, why can’t I go in? Get out of the way!” 
The two of them didn’t say a word, but they stood there and refused to let her 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Firstly, she was afraid that this was really Lu nanze’s idea. Secondly, she was afraid that it was Li Tingtings men who were blocking the way and she was up to no good in the ward. 
So, she immediately picked up her phone and called the Butler. 
‘Madam, what’s the matter?” the Butler asked. 
“Are the two bodyguards at the door from our family?” Qiao Yiyi asked. 
“Bodyguard?” The Butler’s attitude was very strange.”No, where did the bodyguard come from
“Bodyguard?” The Butler’s attitude was very strange.”No, where did the bodyguard come from
Qiao Yiyi immediately understood. ‘Where are you? Li Tingting got some bodyguards to guard the door and won’t let me in. I think she must be doing something inside!” 
The Butler immediately panicked. “No wonder she sent me away! So that’s why you asked me to come to your house to get something for you! I-I’ll go over immediately!” 
No one had expected such a sudden situation, so they didn’t make any preparations in the hospital. 
Qiao Yiyi was anxious.”Why didn’t the hospital arrange for someone to be there?” 
“This …” The Butler said,”those who can protect Sir are the core personnel. 
Recently, they were sent out because of other matters 
‘What could be more important than protecting your master?!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s words made the Butler stammer. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned for a moment before she suddenly reacted. 
Those people who were protecting her in the cafe, those people who were waiting for her in Liang Liang’s ward 
So Lu nanze’s own people were now being filmed to protect her?
###Chapter 1855 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (Part 15) 
Because he didn’t know where she was, he sent all his men to the places she might go … So now, there was a lack of manpower, right
This thought made her feel a warm current in her heart. 
‘This fool … 
How could he put himself in danger
Didn’t he know that he had made many enemies even though he had turned from black to white
Qiao Yiyi felt as if her heart was wrapped in something at that moment. That sour and sweet feeling came partly from being touched and partly from … 
She seemed to have really fallen in love with him. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and said to the Butler,”I know.” 
Then, she hung up. 
She turned around and looked at the two bodyguards. 
She didn’t want to expose her identity, but she couldn’t care about that at this moment. 
If Li Tingting had really done something unsalvageable to Lu nanze, she and Lu nanze would be done for! 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank at the thought of this. Then, in a posture that no one could see clearly, she rushed behind the two big bodyguards. Immediately, she used her palm as a blade and directly cut their necks! 
Before the two of them could react, their eyes rolled back and they fainted. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw this, she walked to the door and wanted to open it. 
However, the door was locked from the inside. 
This was a VIP Ward, and the door was locked from the inside, so it was difficult to unlock it. 
However, this was only for ordinary people. To wuhen, this was a piece of cake! 
Qiao Yiyi reached into her hair and found a thin wire. She put it into the lock and fiddled with it. The lock opened immediately! 
She pushed the door open! 
He saw! 
Li Tingting had already taken off her clothes and was about to head to the bed. 
But before he could walk over, he heard a sound at the door. Li Tingting immediately turned around and was shocked when she saw Qiao Yiyi! 
She shrieked and subconsciously grabbed the clothes she had just taken off to cover her body.”You, How did you come in?! Ah, someone, take her out!” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at her and found it funny. 
This person was so big-hearted. 
In her husband’s ward, she had taken off her clothes and even planned to ask the bodyguards to drive her out! 
She sneered and said,””Miss Li, what you’re doing is not right! The person lying on the bed is my husband, and you’re asking me to get out?” 
Li Tingting clenched her fists.”You …” 
“Also, what are you doing in my husband’s ward when you’re naked?!” 
Li Tingting was so angry that she couldn’t say a word, but since things had come to this, she wasn’t afraid of falling out with Qiao Yiyi. She immediately you tell what I’m doing? You’re not capable enough. You’ve been married to second brother for half a year and you haven’t slept with him. What’s wrong with me coming? Second brother doesn’t like you at all, he only has Qiao Lian in his heart! I’m telling you, if you leave now, I can give you some benefits in the future! I’ll accept any conditions you have!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi was really speechless. 
How did this person say such shameless words?
###Chapter 1856 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (Part Sixteen) 
She took a deep breath in anger and stared at Li Tingting. 
Then, she laughed.”Then you can go. I’ll see if I can give you some benefits. I’ll agree to anything you want.” 
Li Tingting was speechless. 
Li Tingting was furious.”Qiao Yiyi, I’ll be honest with you. I’ve liked second brother for many years, and today is my only chance. He’ll never like you anyway, and he won’t want you. So, wouldn’t it be best for you to leave and give my second brother some space? You …” 
Before she could finish, Qiao Yiyi waved her hand.”I don’t care who he likes, but he’s my husband now. As long as our marriage is still under the protection of the law, I’m his wife and he’s my husband. I won’t allow you to do anything to let me down, especially …” 
Qiao Yiyi turned to look at the bed and saw that Lu nanze’s face was completely red. He had obviously been drugged. 
This woman was really ruthless. 
Lu nanze’s self-control was so strong, but at this moment, he was still a little delirious. It seemed that this time, he had been drugged quite heavily. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned.’VAre you leaving or not? if you don’t leave, I’ll get people to come and let everyone see what kind of person the Li family’s eldest daughter is?” 
Li Tingtings face turned green with anger, but she quickly sneered,””Alright, go ahead and call for help. I’ll tell you, if you call for help, I’ll say that second brother bullied me and ask him to take responsibility!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi felt that Li Tingting was shameless to the extreme. 
She couldn’t be bothered to talk to her anymore and walked over directly. 
Li Tingting stared at him warily.”What are you doing 
Before she could finish her sentence, Qiao Yi raised the knife in her hand and slashed it down on her neck. Li Tingtings vision went black, and she fainted. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered. 
She then turned to look at Lu nanze, who was lying on the bed. 
It was obvious that Lu nanze’s body was already at its limits and he was on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
However, he seemed to be resisting the drug, so his expression was very ugly. 
His hand tore open her shirt, revealing her firm muscles and beige skin. Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt her mouth go dry when she saw that look. 
Qiao Yiyi coughed. “You, you don’t have to be so anxious. I, I’ll get you a doctor to help you detoxify.” 
She turned to leave after saying this, but Lu nanze suddenly grabbed her arm. 
Qiao Yiyi could feel that the temperature of that big hand was so high that it was burning. She was so scared that she almost jumped up.”W-what are you doing
‘Wuhen Don ‘t, don’t go 
The man hesitated and called out the name. Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks. 
At this moment, all he could think about was wuhen
Didn’t this mean that he really, really liked her?! 
As soon as this thought came to her mind, she felt a strong force pulling her body. Then, she fell on the bed and Lu nanze flipped her over, pressing her down. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi pushed him away instinctively and jumped up, panting heavily. 
She felt her mouth go dry at the thought of what had just happened. She turned around and without thinking, she picked up the glass of water that Lu nanze had just drunk from the bedside table and took two sips. 
[PS: see you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 1857 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (17) 
After Qiao Yiyi took two sips of water, she slammed the water on the table. 
Then, she looked up at Lu nanze again and saw that the drug had taken effect and he was unable to extricate himself. 
It seemed that this medicine was really super powerful. 
Just as Qiao Yiyi thought of this, she saw that Lu nanze had already torn her clothes. He frowned and cold sweat broke out on his forehead. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t know why, but she could feel the male hormones in her nostrils getting stronger. 
Moreover, her vision was starting to blur. 
After drinking the water, she did not relieve her heat. Instead, she felt even more uncomfortable. 
She gulped again and took two steps in Lu nanze’s direction. 
She had only taken two steps when her rationality told her that she could not continue walking! 
He was playing with fire! 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath. She wanted to rush to the bathroom to wash her face and wake up, but when she took a step, she felt her legs go soft. Moreover, the heat in her lower abdomen was getting worse. 
She couldn’t move at all! 
This situation Something was wrong! 
Qiao Yiyi finally reacted and turned to look at the glass of water. 
Only then did she realize that she had actually drunk Lu nanze’s water
He recalled that Li Tingting had mentioned Qiao Lian and that it was at that moment when Lu nanze was in a daze that he had handed him a glass of water. 
So There’s something wrong with this cup of water
Qiao Yiyi smacked her own head. 
Qiao Yiyi! Qiao Yiyi! Wuhen, wuhen, you’re called the most cautious thief. How could you fall for it so easily! 
What could he do now
Get a doctor to cure them
But . . 
It was really too ugly, right
If he were to wear it out . 
Before these thoughts flashed through his mind, the drug took effect again. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and looked at Lu nanze, who had already stretched out his arms and was groping around in pain. 
She stared at him. 
At that moment, she was certain that she liked Lu nanze. 
As for Lu nanze, he had done so much for her and had even confessed to her. He must like her too, right
So Why did she have to make both of them suffer
They were married They were husband and wife. 
Even if it was a lie, if she told Lu nanze, she would be And he would definitely accept her. 
They would probably be able to live happily ever after. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and smiled. 
When she was dating Liang Liang, her mother had taught her that girls should be reserved and not be too slutty. First, it would be disrespectful to herself, and second, it would be disrespectful to her future husband. 
However, her mother had also said that if she couldn’t help it, then she should just follow her heart. 
When she was with Liang Liang, she almost couldn’t help herself. 
And now, she was with Lu nanze 
Right now, he couldn’t help it . 
As soon as these thoughts came to her mind, she felt as if she had broken free of the last shackles that bound her. She clenched her fists and looked at Lu nanze. Then, she took a step and walked towards his bed. 
As soon as she reached the bed, Lu nanze, who was lying on the bed, seemed to feel her approach. 
He suddenly opened his large, dazed eyes.. When he saw her, he suddenly reached out and grabbed her!
###Chapter 1858 – Perhaps, She Has Fallen In Love With Him (Part 18) 
Qiao Yiyi was caught by him. She fell forward and pressed onto him. 
She was a little clumsy and didn’t know what to do. 
Just by smelling the familiar masculine scent on his body, she suddenly felt a little breathless. 
She lowered her head, trying to find his lips. 
But just as she was about to approach him, Lu nanze suddenly reached out and cut them off. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She lowered her head and said, “What’s wrong with you?” 
As soon as she said this, she was shocked because her voice was hoarse. 
Lu nanze stared at her. At first, he was looking at her, but at the same time, he seemed to be unable to see her clearly. 
He tried his best to resist the drug in his body. He lowered his voice and said,””Who are you? Get lost!” 
Qiao Yiyi burst into laughter when she heard that. 
He was already in so much pain, but he was still trying to maintain his innocence. 
Who was he protecting
She didn’t even need to think about how he had grabbed her and suppressed her to call him wuhen. 
She laughed, then moved closer to his ear and said softly,”you don’t want me
Her gentle words and her sweet scent wafted onto his face, causing him to shiver unconsciously. 
The effects of the medicine were even more powerful and alluring. 
I don’t want to He said hesitantly. 
When he said this, he seemed to be saying to himself and to Qiao Yiyi.”l only want her 
He only wanted her. 
He only wanted traceless. 
Qiao Yiyi’S heart felt warm. 
Looking at Lu nanze, she could not bear to see him suffer any longer. So she said slowly,””Lu nanze, look carefully.” 
‘VI am Wu Hen.” 
‘Wuhen, it’s me.” 
“1’ve always been by your side. ” 
Qiao Yiyi said this very seriously. 
After all, the drug in her body had not taken effect that badly, so she still had the last bit of rationality left. 
Lu nanze was also stunned when he heard this. 
She stared at Qiao Yiyi in disbelief. 
‘You are wuhen?” he asked, puzzled. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Lu nanze’s last bit of rationality crumbled at her words. 
He was like a ferocious Tiger that had been starving for hundreds of years. 
After hearing this, he suddenly turned over and pressed Qiao Yiyi under him. 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked by the sudden movement. 
‘Your leg Wu!” She suddenly said. 
The next moment, Lu nanze covered her mouth. 
As if he wanted to suck her dry, he bit her lips with force, punishing and releasing her. 
Just as she was about to move on to the next step, Qiao Yiyi suddenly thought of something. She opened her eyes and stretched out her arm to block Lu nanze.”Wait a minute!” She said. 
Lu nanze was taken aback. He stopped what he was doing and looked at her in confusion. 
Qiao Yiyi jumped off the bed. Seeing Li Tingting’s body on the ground, she reached out her hand without a trace of pity, grabbed her arm, and pulled her into the bathroom, locking the door. 
After she was done, she patted her hands and took a deep breath. 
She and Lu nanze were going to do something embarrassing. How could they allow a third party to be in the room
She turned around and walked to Lu nanze’s bedside.”lt’s time for the two of us now..”
###Chapter 1859 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (Part 19) 
Outside the ward, the two bodyguards were unconscious. 
Inside the ward, there was a gentle and charming atmosphere. 
A coy voice that made one feel embarrassed came out in waves. 
Because of the drug and the fact that Lu nanze had not released himself for so many years, his battle with wuhen was so intense that it made people blush. 
When the two of them finally lay down, exhausted, and closed their heavy eyes, three hours had already passed. 
Qiao Yiyi fainted in the end. 
– 
“Madam, Madam?” ?n?аd.＆nbsp;
Qiao Yiyi was woken up by the Butler. 
She slowly opened her eyes and looked at the ceiling in confusion. She realized that she was still in the hospital. 
She moved her body, but as soon as she moved, she felt her body ache badly. 
She frowned. 
Even though she had taken the medicine, she did not do those things when the medicine was in full effect. So, she still had some memories until now. 
But The deeper memories were fragmented. She only remembered the man’s rough breathing and the voice in her ?I love you 
As for the rest, it wasn’t clear. 
As she thought of this, she suddenly realized something and sat up. 
She had already changed her clothes and was lying on the hospital bed. 
But when she looked left and right, Lu nanze was nowhere to be seen. 
She was stunned for a moment before she realized that it was the Butler who was guarding her in the room. 
She was stunned again.”VVhere’s Lu nanze
The Butler coughed and lowered his head. “You and Sir both took some stimulants, so we separated you two and injected you with some antidotes. You’re finally awake. Sir has taken more stimulants than you, so he’ll still be in a deep sleep for a while.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded when she heard the explanation. 
If that was the case, she would be at ease. 
However, after feeling relieved, she suddenly felt a burst of shyness. 
That’s right, they had just done it last night. Now Was indeed not the right time to see Lu nanze. 
But she really missed him a little. 
Just as he thought of this, he heard a voice outside. 
“Pa!” There was a loud round of applause, followed by Lu Qingtian’s voice.”B * tch, what kind of drug did you drug Lu nanze?!” How could you be so cruel! “Ah!” That medicine was a powerful medicine! It’s harmful to the body! You’re really unscrupulous for your own goals!” 
As soon as he said this, there was another “pa” sound. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and looked at the Butler. The Butler immediately sighed.”When we came in, we saw the bodyguards and the people in the bathroom. We knew what was going on, so I quickly called Madam. You and Sir were both unconscious, so someone had to take charge of the house. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded when she heard this. 
“She’s so angry,” the Butler continued.”She said that she would definitely find the Li family and demand an explanation!” 
Qiao Yiyi continued to nod. This was Lu Qingtian’s personality. 
It seemed that Li Tingting wouldn’t be able to escape this time. 
She didn’t care about Li Tingting’s fate. She was only worried about one thing. 
“Aunt, did you say that the medicine is harmful to the body? How’s Lu nanze doing now
Hearing her call Mr. Lu by his name, the Butler had an indescribable feeling in his heart. He just felt that it was a little strange..
###Chapter 1860 – Perhaps, She’S Fallen In Love With Him (Part Twenty) 
Once upon a time, this unremarkable Madam, who was like air, was a yes-man when she married into their family. Her character was also very weak, and the housekeepers at home could bully her as they pleased. 
But now, not only did she get Sir’s attention, he was even willing to have her last night … 
This meant that Sir’s feelings for her were not ordinary. 
It should be known that even if Sir had been drugged, this was not the first time. It was impossible for him to lose control. Unless sir was willing, otherwise, no one could force him. 
Unexpectedly, this Madam had now caught Sir’s eye. 
Recalling that Sir had once said that he would divorce her after a period of time, the Butler suddenly felt that perhaps this marriage would never happen. 
When the two of them had sex, the nature of their relationship would change completely. nr. o
After these thoughts flashed through his mind, the Butler lowered his head and condition isn’t very good right now. Firstly, he was drugged too much, and the drug itself is harmful to the body, especially to the recovery of his wounds. Secondly 
When the Butler said this, he glanced at Qiao Yiyi. There was something wrong with his expression. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She didn’t understand what that look meant. She asked, “What’s wrong
“Cough cough !” The Butler coughed and said in embarrassment,””Um, when you were doing that thing with Mister yesterday, you were too violent It affected his wound His wound opened and he’s bleeding a little. Fortunately, his main artery didn’t open again, but even so, he still lost a lot of blood. Mister is a little anemic now. Although he’s already transfused blood His body is still very weak, so we don’t know when he’ll wake up.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi’S face turned red in an instant! 
The action was too intense 
It pulled at his wound 
These words made her feel like she couldn’t even lift her head. 
Thinking about what happened last night It seemed, it seemed, it was a little too intense
She immediately lowered her head and coughed. Then, she stood up from the bed and said,”which Ward is he in? I’ll go and see him.” 
The Butler nodded.”lt’s just next door.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and struggled to get up, but her back was sore and her legs were trembling. She tried for a long time before she could stand up. 
She walked to the door and pushed it open, only to see Li Tingting kneeling in front of Lu Qingtian with her head lowered, crying pitifully. 
Lu Qingtian sneered.”Why are you crying? what’s there to cry about?!” I have to talk to your family about this matter. You’re a big girl, what do you mean by finding someone to rape others?” 
Li Tingting sobbed.”l’m wrong, I’m really wrong. Auntie Lu, please forgive me this time. I really know I’m wrong, sob sob sob . 
When she said this, she heard the sound of the door and turned to look at Qiao Yiyi. Her eyes were filled with hatred.”Auntie Lu, I admit to everything you said!” But what about her? Didn’t she still take advantage of me drugging her and climb into second brother’s bed? She looked like a yes-man, but her intentions were not pure! Why did she drink the medicine herself? why didn’t she ask the doctor to give second brother the antidote? What’s the difference between her and me?” 
-PS: see vou tomorrow–let’s all zive each other-kiss!]
###Chapter 1861 – : She’S Crazy For Love (1) 
Lu Qingtian turned to look at Qiao Yiyi. 
She frowned. 
Although she had been looking for an opportunity to create an opportunity for Qiao Yiyi and Lu nanze, this time … The wound on Lu nanze’s leg had opened up, which made her very unhappy. 
However, Lu Qingtian had always been a person who dared to love and hate. This was a separate matter, and she definitely wouldn’t be manipulated by Li Tingting. She only glared at Qiao Yiyi and then continued to look at Li Tingting.”How can she compare to you? She was Lu nanze’s wife! That’s called fun between husband and wife, What’s this?” 
What do you call this
Li Tingting immediately bit her lip, feeling embarrassed. 
Lu Qingtian continued,”I’m telling you, the Lu family won’t let this matter rest! If anything happens to Lu nanze because of this, I will not let you off!” 
After saying this, she glared at the Butler.”And you. He’s messing around. Are you also messing around? The person you’re protecting, how can you not be by your side!” 
The Butler immediately lowered his head.”Yes, my fault. ” 
Lu Qingtian snorted and glared at Qiao Yiyi. “Come with me! ” 
With that, she entered Lu nanze’s ward. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed. She knew that Lu Qingtian was going to scold her again, so she followed Lu Qingtian into the ward. 
As expected, after entering the ward and closing the door , Lu Qingtian threw a glass of water at him.”Do you know that you were wrong?!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
She wasn’t a child anymore. 
She pursed her lips and looked up at Lu nanze, who was lying on the bed. 
His face was very pale, and it was obvious that he had lost too much blood. His breathing was also a little weak, and he looked very weak. 
Lu Qingtian snorted.”l told you I would help you, but what about you? This is a rare opportunity, but have you ever considered Lu nanze’s health? You You’ve really disappointed me!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi was under the control of drugs. How could she still think about his body
Moreover, she was the one who was suppressed the entire time, okay
Every time she thought of his wound and wanted to say something, it would be blocked crazily, and she couldn’t move her hands and feet at all. At this moment, she simply wanted to cry but had no tears. 
This was really something that couldn’t be explained. 
However, Lu Qingtian obviously did not continue harping on this matter. She just stared at her.”When is your safe period? Will you be able to get pregnant this time around yesterday?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Auntie, aren’t you changing the topic a little too quickly
She coughed and twitched her mouth. Then she lowered her head and said,”l, I have irregular periods, so it’s unstable every time. I don’t know if it’s a safe period 
Lu Qingtian was instantly a little disappointed.”l’m not sure. Besides, it’s not easy to get pregnant with irregular periods. Why didn’t you tell me earlier so that we could recuperate earlier and have sex immediately? but look at you now 
It’s not easy for you to settle Lu nanze, but you’re still not done with your own stomach. You’re really making me worry to death!” Blah, blah, blah 
As Lu Qingtian nagged, Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. 
Why was this person always so flippant when he spoke
Qiao Yiyi listened to Lu Qingtian’s words and nodded from time to time. In this atmosphere, the man on the bed finally opened his eyes slowly..
###Chapter 1862 – She’S Crazy For Love (2) 
Lu nanze opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling in a daze. He felt dizzy. 
He quickly closed his eyes again and frowned. Then he heard Lu Qingtian’s exclamation,”you’re awake!” 
Only then did Lu nanze turn to look at Lu Qingtian. He was frowning and trying to figure out what had happened when he saw Lu Qingtian grab Qiao Yiyi.”Lu nanze, you and Qiao Yiyi finally became husband and wife yesterday. From now on, you have to treat her well …” 
Lu nanze suddenly realized something. His pupils shrank and he sat up immediately.”What did you say?” 
However, because he had risen too fiercely, in addition to his weak body, he immediately felt a wave of dizziness. 
His head was swaying up and down, and his body was on the verge of collapse. 
Lu Qingtian was so excited that she didn’t notice his expression. Qiao Yiyi, who was beside him, saw that he was about to fall on the bed and quickly stepped forward to support him.”Be careful!” She said. 
Lu nanze only managed to steady himself after being supported. 
He finally remembered what had happened last night, but the details were too vague. He couldn’t remember clearly. He didn’t even remember who he had slept with last night. 
However, Lu Qingtian’s words made him realize that he had slept with Qiao Yiyi! 
As he thought of this, the image of wuhen’s unruly figure flashed through his mind. 
His pupils shrank and he felt a wave of frustration. He looked up and pushed Qiao Yiyi away. Then, he said,””Get lost!” 
He had slept with Qiao Yiyi 
If wuhen knew about this, he would definitely not be with him. 
That was for sure! 
Lu nanze was feeling frustrated and depressed. 
What should he do now
He actually did something that let wuhen down. 
He really hated Qiao Yiyi now! 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t expect him to react this way. She took a step back and fell to the ground. 
Fortunately, the floor was carpeted, so she did not feel any pain. But when she looked up, she saw Lu nanze’s disgusted look and heard the word. 
She was immediately stunned. 
Lu nanze had slept with her and this was his reaction when he woke up
Instantly, a wave of anger rose up. 
However, when she saw his complicated and conflicted expression, she suddenly thought, forget it, why bother with him
From the looks of it, he seemed to have forgotten that she had told him yesterday that she was Wu Hen. 
She took a deep breath and stood up. 
She couldn’t say that she was wuhen in front of Lu Qingtian, so she wanted to tell him after Lu Qingtian left. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head as she thought about this. 
When Lu Qingtian saw Lu nanze’s reaction, she got angry. “Lu nanze, you slept with Qiao Yiyi. YVhat kind of reaction is this?” You have to be responsible for her!” 
Lu nanze clenched his fists tightly, his chest heaving with anger. 
He had finally fallen in love with another girl, but it was ruined because of Qiao Yiyi! 
Just thinking about how Wu Hen would leave him after finding out about this made him feel a little dejected. 
When he heard Lu Qingtian’s words, he said in a fit of pique,””Ha, I have to take responsibility after sleeping with you? I, Lu nanze, have slept with at least two digits worth of women. I’m responsible for every single one of them.. Can I handle all of them?”
###Chapter 1863 – She’S Crazy For Love (3) 
When Lu Qingtian heard this, she was furious.”How can you say that, child? You’ve been clean all these years. When have you touched a woman? You …” 
Before she could finish, Lu nanze looked up and said,”so what if it’s like this?” 
After he finished speaking, he looked at Qiao Yiyi in disgust.”I’m telling you, even if you climbed into my bed, my decision to divorce you will not change! Heh, at most, I’ll just give you a little more money! How much for a night?” 
The insulting words came out of his mouth as if they were free. 
Qiao Yiyi knew that he was angry, but Lu Qingtian was furious.”Shut up!” I’m telling you, Qiao Yiyi is your wife! She was different from those Wild Women outside! That wuhen of yours … You better stop thinking about him!” 
Wuhen
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu Qingtian in surprise. 
Lu nanze couldn’t help but frown.”Aunt, we were just talking about Qiao Yiyi and I. Why are you involving others? this has nothing to do with wuhen!” 
“1t doesn’t matter. Do you think I don’t know anything? Aren’t you just afraid that wuhen will separate from you if he finds out? Was that why he disliked 
Qiao Yiyi so much? But Lu nanze, I’m telling you, you’re now married to Qiao 
Yiyi. You can’t cheat on her! I will not accept that Wu Hen!” 
After Lu Qingtian said this, she grabbed Qiao Yiyi’s hand. “Good girl, let’s go out and let him suffer from anemia alone 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze seemed to be a little angry, so his blood rushed to his head, and he immediately closed his eyes and fainted. . 
Lu Qingtian was at a loss for words. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu Qingtian. 
Lu Qingtian was shocked as well, ‘so weak? I only said a few words, is there a need to faint from anger
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu Qingtian helplessly before calling for the doctor. 
The doctor came to examine Lu nanze and concluded,””lt’s just that I’ve lost too much blood. In addition, I’ve been injured too much recently, so my body is weak and my qi and blood are lacking. I need to take good care of this. It’s best to eat more nutrition.” 
Qiao Yiyi was in disbelief. 
How could such a strong body be weak to this extent
The doctor explained, “he was already injured recently. In addition to the excessive loss of blood Sigh, if he doesn’t recuperate well, his body won’t be able to recover to such a strong state in the future.” 
He wouldn’t be so strong in the future
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank at this. 
She suddenly understood that if Lu nanze did not recuperate in peace during this period of time, his body might really collapse. 
Then, she must find some nutritious food for him to eat! 
Thinking of this, she narrowed her eyes. 
Lu Qingtian had already instructed the Butler,”hurry, hurry and buy some. Buy all the nutritional supplements!!” I’ll give him a little bit of it, I must recover the qi and blood that he lost!” 
The Butler nodded and walked to the door. As soon as he opened the door, Li Tingting rushed in. 
She bit her lip and looked at the few of them. Then, she suddenly said,””Auntie, I know there’s a nutritional supplement that’s very hard to come by, but it’s very good. I’ll go get that thing. Can you forgive me this once?” 
Lu Qingtian was stunned..”What are you talking about?”
###Chapter 1864 – : She’S Crazy For Love (4) 
Li Tingting stared at Lu Qingtian.”The Xu family has a thousand-year-old ginseng! It was their family heirloom, and it was said that it could keep a person alive even at the moment of death! I’ll buy it, no matter how much it costs! Can you?” 
Lu Qingtian was slightly taken aback when she heard this. She turned to look at the doctor. 
Although the doctor was a Western doctor, he had studied Chinese medicine before and had some understanding of Chinese medicine. When he heard this, he thought for a moment and said,”thousand-year-old ginseng is very rare now. Many of the ginsengs in circulation on the market are fake. In addition, ginseng is cultivated artificially, so the effect of Chinese medicine is very limited. However, the one from the Xu family is real. If it is used to nourish the body, of course it can. It will also have twice the effect with half the effort.” 
As soon as she said this, Lu Qingtian looked at Li Tingting.”Alright, if you can buy that ginseng, I won’t pursue this matter anymore.” 
Li Tingting bit her lip. 
Wanting to buy someone else’s heirloom was simply more difficult than difficult. 
Moreover, the Xu family They were a rich and powerful family that could even compete with the Lu family, so why would they sell their ginseng
However, for second brother’s sake, she had to give it a try! 
At that thought, Li Tingting took a deep breathi then turned around and walked out. 
She wanted to hurry home and let her parents think of a solution together. 
In the hospital, Qiao Yiyi’s eyes were filled with complicated emotions as she watched Li Tingting leave. 
Li Tingting definitely wouldn’t be able to buy that ginseng. 
A family like the Xu family Besides, Lu nanze was not on the verge of death. How could they possibly take out their family heirloom
Not to mention! 
Lu nanze had hired her to steal this ginseng from the Xu family. 
Lu nanze didn’t want to be on bad terms with the Xu family, so he must have tried to find someone to buy it. 
Lu nanze was not short of money, so he definitely would not treat the Xu family shabbily in terms of price. But he had still asked her to steal it, which meant that the Xu family had not agreed. 
Lu nanze had gone to buy it and had not even agreed. What right did the Li family have to use their financial resources to compete with Lu nanze’s to buy this ginsengnr. o
So, it didn’t take much thought to know that Li Tingting definitely wouldn’t be able to buy it. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes at the thought. 
She turned around and glanced at Lu nanze, who was lying on the bed. 
She thought of how he had just woken up and found out that she had slept with “Qiao Yiyi” instead of “wuhen”. She knew that Lu nanze really liked wuhen. 
Othervvise, he wouldn’t be so excited. 
So How could she let him down
She wanted his body to recover as soon as possible. 
She made up her mind. 
She had originally planned to recuperate for a few more days until her wound was completely healed before going to the Xu family, but now She felt that it was necessary for her to make this trip tonight. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head after she made up her mind. 
She watched as Lu Qingtian instructed the Butler on what nutritional supplements to buy. Then, she followed Lu Qingtian to the doctor’s office and listened to many things to take note of for Lu nanze. 
Before she knew it, the day had passed. Lu nanze remained unconscious. 
The sky gradually darkened. 
Qiao Yiyi, who was in the ward, looked at the time and stood up. 
She stared at the man on the bed and felt that her actions tonight were a little crazy. 
However, she never regretted it. 
[PS: I’m done updating-Qiao Yiyi is always so daring to love and hate. If she loves someone, she’ll do her best. Yes, see you tomorrow..]
###Chapter 1865 – She’S Crazy For Love (5) 
The night was like a curtain. 
Qiao Yiyi was wearing a tight black shirt and a silver mask. She drove her sports car to the Xu family’s house. 
The Xu family was not in Suzhou, but in city S. 
The Xu family’s iron gate was majestic, with a sense of history and heaviness of an ancient family. 
She parked the car on a patch of grass not far away and stared at it from a distance. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. 
Lu nanze had a share of the Xu family’s situation. 
It was indeed a place with tight security. It was not easy to steal things, but no matter how dangerous it was, she had to go. 
Firstly, the deal with Lu nanze had been completed, and secondly, she could help Lu nanze recover. 
Thinking of this, she took a deep breath and began to look for an opportunity to enter. 
At that moment, the door suddenly opened, and Li Tingting and her parents were sent out respectfully. 
“How much do you want?” Li Tingting yelled. “State your price! You’re letting us go without even saying a word? is this how the Xu family treats their guests?” 
The housekeeper of the Xu family said sorry, Miss Li. We’re not selling our ginseng. So many people have come to our door to beg for it, but we’ve never sold it. We won’t make an exception.” 
Li Tingting bit her lip. “What do you know as a Butler? I want to see your Mr.Xu” 
The Butler raised his head and looked at her. 
There were many emotions in that look, as if he was looking at an idiot. Then, the Butler said,’”‘Miss Li, I think you’re mistaken. Our Sir Doesn’t meet people casually.” 
Li Tingting choked at those words. 
The Butler took a step back. 
Although he was polite and humble in every way he spoke, his actions and expressions revealed a sense of contempt. 
In front of him, one would feel inferior even if one did not feel it. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. Such a family had a deep heritage and it was really not easy to steal. 
She lowered her eyes and thought about something. 
Then, he saw Li Tingting’s family standing at the door. 
“What should we do now?” asked Mama li. I can’t even see the main person! ” 
Li Tingting bit her lip when she heard this.”Didn’t they say that Mr. Xu isn’t home? Then we’ll wait for him here. I don’t believe he won’t come back!” 
Mrs. Li and Mr. Li could only nod. 
The family of three stood outside the door. 
With them at the entrance, perhaps the Butler and the others would be more relaxed when dealing with the internal affairs
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes narrowed at the thought. 
She had to find an opportunity to enter this house first. 
As he was thinking, he suddenly heard the sound of a car not far away. 
Qiao Yiyi turned her head and saw a Bentley limousine slowly driving in. 
That car was a limited edition and was very stylish. Just by looking at it, one could tell that the person sitting inside was definitely not simple. 
Qiao Yiyi looked over curiously. 
Mr. Xu rarely appeared in public, so she had never seen what the head of the Xu family looked like. However, she heard that he was a super handsome man. 
Unfortunately, the window of the car was down, so he couldn’t see anything. 
As soon as this thought came to her mind, she saw Li Tingting rush toward the car and yell,””Mr. Xu!” 
The car stopped and the window slowly rolled down..
###Chapter 1866 – She’S Crazy For Love (6) 
Qiao Yiyi was very far away. No matter how good her vision was, it was impossible for her to see Mr. Xu’s true face. 
However, the moment the car window was rolled down, she felt an oppressive aura for some reason. It made her hold her breath. 
She widened her eyes and stared at the man inside. 
His head was tilted to the side, and the outline of his face could not be seen clearly, but it was very three-dimensional. The most eye-catching thing was his clear and domineering eyes, which had an aura of looking down on the world. 
He raised his eyes slightly, making people not dare to breathe loudly or take deep breaths. 
The domineering aura she exuded was much more than Lu nanze ‘s. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. She knew that she had kicked an iron plate tonight. 
However, even though she knew that the front was an iron plate, she still had to kick it. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes when she thought of this. 
Li Tingting was also frightened by Mr. Xu’s appearance, and she didn’t even dare to breathe. 
Then, Mr. Xu frowned and lowered his head. 
“Mr-Mr. Xu,” Li Tingting hurriedly shouted.”l-l want to buy your ginseng I’m willing to pay any price.” 
When Mr. Xu heard this, it was as if he didn’t hear it. Or rather, it was like a joke to him. 
He didn’t say anything and just rolled up the window. 
The driver started the car slowly, and Li Tingting didn’t dare to stop the car anymore. She subconsciously walked to the side and gave way to the car. 
Then, she just watched Mr. Xu enter the Xu family. 
After the door closed, Li Tingting stood at the entrance and muttered to Such a strong aura …” 
‘What do we do now?” Mama li asked anxiously. 
Mr. Li frowned.”l told you not to come. Although the Xu family is not ostentatious at all and looks low-key, no one knows how much money they have and how much power the whole family has. We should not have come! 
Hurry up! c’ 
After she finished speaking, she hurriedly pulled Li Tingting up. ‘You better go home obediently. Don’t have any more ideas about Lu nanze in the future. Also, don’t interact with the Xu family as much as you can in the future.” Did you hear that?” 
If it had been before they had arrived, Li Tingting would definitely have been indignant. After all, she was so familiar with Lu nanze, and the violent aura he exuded was already strong enough. She didn’t think anyone could have his domineering aura. 
However, he didn’t expect that this Mr. Xu Although he looked refined, the air of nobility around him actually made people feel so depressed that they couldn’t speak. 
So much so that She didn’t even dare to look at Mr. Xu directly. She didn’t even get to see Mr. Xu’s facial features clearly. She only knew that he was very handsome. ?nr. 
Such a person was indeed terrifying. 
Hearing Mr. Li’s words, Li Tingting didn’t dare to argue anymore and followed him out. The Li family of three couldn’t be driven away by the Butler, and Mr. Xu only had to look at them once to scare them away. 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched as she looked at the scene in the distance. 
He felt that he might have to experience the first failure of stealing in his life. 
This Mr. Xu Is not simple! 
At the thought of this, she frowned and looked at the Xu family. 
The night was getting darker. 
After a while, Qiao Yiyi jumped out of the car and nimbly flipped over the wall to enter the Xu family’s house..
###Chapter 1867 – She’S Crazy For Love (7) 
Qiao Yiyi stood on the high wall of the Xu family’s house, staring at the building inside. 
The Xu family was very low-key. The wall outside looked very ordinary, but it was actually the strongest wall with mixed steel bars. Even a bomb would not be able to destroy it. 
Looking at the Xu family’s Gate, one would think that it was a classical house from the Jiangnan River Village. However, when one stood on the high wall and looked at it, it was different. 
The Xu family did not live in an old house conservatively. The buildings inside were all the latest style of Western-style buildings. They were lined up in rows and looked very stylish. 
Qiao Yiyi tried to recall the location of the warehouse. Then, under the cover of the night, she started to walk towards the Xu family’s warehouse. 
Ginseng was like a family heirloom that was coveted by so many people. It must be hidden in the most secret place in the warehouse. 
Qiao Yiyi quickly went to the storeroom and prepared herself for a long search. 
She stood outside the warehouse and realized that it was equipped with the most advanced electronic lock in the world. 
Fortunately, he had just learned how to use this equipment. 
She curled her lips and used her own method to open the lock. She looked around and carefully avoided all the alarm systems. Then, she quickly dodged the infrared rays inside and nimbly entered the warehouse. 
When she finally stood in the storeroom, Qiao Yiyi felt relieved. 
Although the journey was relatively smooth , she was the only one who knew that the Xu family’s anti-theft measures were the most rigorous and most difficult in her entire career of stealing. 
If it was another thief, he would have fallen down long ago. Only she Was able to reach this stage. 
However, she also knew that she could not let her guard down now. 
Entering the warehouse and successfully taking out the stolen items were two different things! 
She took a deep breath and became even more cautious. Then, she raised her head and looked around the warehouse, looking for the place where the thousand-year-old ginseng was stored. 
But when she looked up, she was immediately stunned. 
Looking at the dazzling array of jewels and medicinal herbs in front of her, she simply wanted to curse! 
I’ll go! 
He had thought that the thousand-year-old ginseng, which was like a family heirloom, would definitely be treated like an ancestor and placed in the most secretive place, but he did not expect 
Over there, what the hell were those ginseng that were almost laughing
The Xu family Didn’t they only have one heirloom
Or Was this a smokescreen by the Xu clan to prevent people from stealing the real ginseng
Qiao Yiyi took two steps forward and opened the box to take a closer look. 
As a qualified thief, she more or less knew a little about these things. 
The good and bad of ginseng could be distinguished at a glance. 
And at this moment, looking at it 
That ginseng was all real! 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. She felt like she had discovered the Xu family’s Secret! 
This Xu family Was simply richer than she had imagined! 
And the Xu family said something about heirloom, probably because they didn’t want to lend out the ginseng, right
Although there were indeed a lot of them, they couldn’t afford to let everyone buy them, right
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. 
She could be considered a rich person herself. The money her mother had saved was enough for her to live without worry for a few lifetimes and splurge without restraint. 
Later on, when she married Lu nanze and found out that his family was richer than hers, she had never been so shocked..
###Chapter 1868 – She’S Crazy For Love (8) 
At this moment, the Xu family’s items completely made her look like a country bumpkin entering the city. She was completely dumbfounded! 
Qiao Yiyi wasn’t a money-grubber, but when she looked at these things, she thought of Mr. Xu. His every move could only have been raised by a rich family. 
Qiao Yiyi swallowed her saliva and randomly picked one from the ginseng. 
These ginsengs were really good ginsengs! 
There was no need to search for it. 
Then, she stuffed the ginseng into her small bag and prepared to leave. 
Qiao Yiyi tried her best to avoid triggering the alarm system and slowly walked out of the storeroom. 
She walked carefully and held her breath. 
When they left the warehouse and didn’t hear the alarm, they broke out in a cold sweat. 
It was simply … Too exciting! 
She was a thief, and this was the most difficult of all. 
She slowly heaved a sigh of relief. Just as she was about to walk out, she suddenly heard a “beep beep!” The alarm sounded! 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but curse her mother in her heart. 
F * ck! 
There must be some unremarkable alarm system that he had not noticed, which was why it had been triggered! 
She had been a thief goddess for so many years and this was the first time she had made a mistake. 
But now, she had no idea what she had overlooked. 
Before he could think further, he heard the footsteps of many people rushing over. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately looked around and ran out. 
The people around her surrounded her, so she didn’t have time to think. She could only start running as soon as she saw the road. 
The Xu family was huge. She knew that it was easy to get lost in such a big house, so she began to frantically flash the Xu family’s map in her mind. She had to find her location on the map. 
However, more and more people were gathering around. 
“There she is, catch her!” 
At that moment, there were also people in front of Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. There was a Tiger in front and a man behind. What should she do now
Right now, there was no one to his left or right. 
She bit her lip, and her eyes became determined. She continued to run forward. When the person in front of her was about to hit her, she suddenly took out a rope from her backpack and threw it at the wall next to her. Then, she pulled the rope hard and flew over the wall, entering the yard next door. The moment her feet touched the ground, she continued to run wildly. 
At the same time, voices from outside could be heard. 
“0h no, she’s entered the Nansheng Pavilion. Quick, quick, go and tell Sir!” 
‘Yes!” 
The group of people who were chasing her had actually stopped outside. 
Nansheng Pavilion
What was this place
Qiao Yiyi was stunned, but she didn’t have time to think about it. She could only continue running. 
It was very quiet here, completely different from the big houses outside. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her head and ran around. There was a garden and a bungalow in front. 
This Nansheng court seemed to have been completely isolated from the Xu family. The lights were on in the small bungalow in front of them, so it was obvious that someone was there. 
If she went out now, it would be like sending a sheep into a Tiger’s mouth. Therefore, she ran straight ahead without thinking. 
As soon as she got close to the small bungalow, she suddenly heard a very pleasant female voice coming from the small bungalow. “Qiaoqiao, shall we have sea cucumber millet porridge tonight?” 
[Author’s note: I’m done with the update-an important character has appeared today. Well, it’s also because I’m stuck. Cough, cough. That’s right. Let me give you a spoiler. Mr. Xu is the male lead of the new book in September..] Muah-
###Chapter 1869 – : She’S Crazy For Love (9) 
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks, stunned. Then, she took two steps forward and approached the bungalow. 
She slowly stuck her head out and saw an extremely beautiful woman sitting at the dining table. As she spoke, she scooped a bowl of porridge and placed it opposite her. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t care and didn’t feel anything. 
She was just thinking, it’s so late, why hasn’t this family eaten yet
However, as she looked at it, she felt that something was wrong. 
That was because there was no one in front of the beautiful woman! 
At first, she thought that the one called Qiaoqiao might be in another room and not in the dining room, but now … 
She watched as the woman picked up some food and placed it on the empty plate opposite her. She said to the empty place in front of her,””Qiaoqiao, is this delicious? You love to eat this …” 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt a burst of panic! 
It’s so late at night … 
Especially when a gust of cold wind blew past, it actually made her back break out in cold sweat. 
She tried her best to look into the room. The woman was very beautiful. She wore a pink dress and looked like a princess. Therefore, it was impossible to tell how old she was. 
Just as she was struggling, she suddenly heard the housekeeper’s voice.”We’re done for! The people outside are saying that a thief has come to our place. 
What should we do?” 
Qiao Yiyi quickly dodged to the side and avoided the two of them. 
Another person said, “someone went to inform Sir just now. Miss can’t see strangers in her current state. She can’t stand the excitement. If the thief disturbs miss, then miss Sigh!” 
“The young lady is really pitiful ? ” 
“Shush, don’t say such things. There are so many filthy people in the rich and powerful families …” 
The two of them talked as they walked away. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there, a little confused, but she didn’t think too much about it. 
She had stolen from many rich families, so of course she knew that every family had their own secrets. This woman might be the woman that Mr. Xu had locked up. 
However, it wasn’t right for him to go crazy, right
As her thoughts ran wild, she began to look around, trying to find a way out. 
This woman was placed here, and it was a forbidden area. No one else could enter, which meant that she was very important to Mr. Xu. 
In fact, at this time, kidnapping her was the best way to escape. 
But . 
He thought about what the two nannies had said . 
Qiao Yiyi sighed. She was not a qualified thief. 
He was always unable to be ruthless at the critical moment. 
She shook her head. It was already pitiful enough for a lunatic to be locked up here. Whv should she bother her
Thinking of this, she squinted her eyes and looked around. Then, she finally chose a direction and darted out! 
After she left, the woman in the room didn’t seem to notice at all. She just kept smiling and looked at the non-existent air opposite her.”Qiaoqiao, have you lost weight recently? Eat more. Every time I put food on your plate, you eat a little 
Qiao Yiyi jumped out from the south wall. 
On the map in her mind, there should be a big pond here. 
As long as she entered the water, she would be able to find another exit. 
However, she had never expected that after she jumped down from the top, a net would be cast over her head! 
“Catch her!”
###Chapter 1870 – She’S Crazy For Love (10) 
Qiao Yiyi felt like a fish that was caught in the net and pulled to the side. 
Immediately! 
“Bang!” 
She was ruthlessly thrown to the ground. 
He felt as if all the bones in his body were about to break, and it was extremely painful. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. As a thief goddess, she had never been humiliated like this! 
She bit her lip and tried to struggle out of the net. 
However, the more he struggled, the tighter the net became. 
She frowned and forced herself to calm down. 
No, I can’t do this for nothing. 
She bit her lip and quickly took out a sharp dagger from her tool bag and cut the net. 
The fishing net immediately split open. 
She nimbly made her way out, but it was already too late. 
Countless people had already swarmed up to her, all of them holding flashlights in their hands. They shone them on her and surrounded her. 
The Butler walked over without looking at Qiao Yiyi and ordered, “Find the ginseng, then send the person to the police station.” 
Send him to the police station
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. If she was really sent to the police station, she would definitely die. Based on how much Bai Anan hated her, there was no way she would be able to walk out alive. 
Furthermore, she could not hand over the ginseng. Lu nanze was still waiting for the ginseng to recuperate. 
Although she knew that even without the ginseng, Lu nanze’s life would not be in danger, but a woman in love would always have such a brain and want to give him the best. 
She tightly protected the ginseng on her waist, then looked at the surrounding thugs who came forward. 
She was good at Qinggong, but her martial arts were not good at all. 
However, at this moment, the surroundings were empty, and there was no place for her to escape. 
His Qinggong was actually of no use! 
She couldn’t escape, and she couldn’t beat this group of people! 
It seemed that they had also figured out her style. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip as she watched a burly man walk up to her and reach out his hand. “Hand it over!” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. After a moment, she sneered.”A thief never leaves empty-handed, I’m not giving it to you.” 
As soon as she said this, the man stretched out his hand without any tenderness. Qiao Yiyi was about to do a backflip to avoid it, but she didn’t expect this person to not follow her usual routine and grab her hair instead! 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi’s entire body was controlled. She wanted to reach out to protect her hair , but the other hand was already reaching for the ginseng on her waist! 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t hesitate to ignore her hair. She wrapped her hands tightly around her waist, not giving him a chance to snatch it away. 
When the thug saw this, he was instantly furious and kicked her knee without hesitation! 
Qiao Yiyi’s legs gave way and she knelt on the ground. 
Her hair was released, and she fell to the ground in pain. 
For a long time, her leg was weak and she could not stand up at all. 
After a while, her hair was pulled again, and she was pulled up. 
The tearing pain on her scalp was so painful that she could not help but cry. 
However, she endured it and bit her lip, not making a sound. 
When the thug saw her in this state, his face was still cold, and his words were still so direct..”Hand it over!”
###Chapter 1871 – She’S Crazy For Love (11) 
“No,” Qiao Yiyi replied. 
The thug immediately stretched out his hand and slapped her face! 
This slap made Qiao Yiyi’s face numb. 
There was also a sweet and fishy smell in her mouth. She opened her mouth and spat out a mouthful of blood. 
The mask on his face was slanted. 
However, no one in this family was interested in her face under the mask. They just stared at her. 
Qiao Yiyi knelt on the ground, one of her cheeks swollen. She looked extremely embarrassed. 
Both her hands were trembling. She was in so much pain that she couldn’t exert any strength, but her hands still held on to the ginseng tightly and didn’t let go. 
At this time, the stubbornness in her bones also appeared. 
For this ginseng, she had already come this far. She would rather die than hand it over! 
She narrowed her eyes and stared at the ground. 
The thug stepped forward again.”Are you giving it to me or not?” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything, but she looked at the thug with determination. 
The thug’s eyes immediately narrowed, and he immediately began to punch and kick! 
Qiao Yiyi stretched out her arm to cover her head and hid the ginseng on her waist under her body. She didn’t make a sound. 
She felt like all the bones in her body were about to break in. 
However, she thought of Lu nanze, who was lying on the hospital bed. She thought of his pale face and pale lips. She thought of the doctor’s words that he had lost too much of his health and needed to be nourished. 
She was even more confident. 
As long as this group of people didn’t kill her, she was determined not to hand over the ginseng! 
The punches and kicks landed on her body, making her feel as if her internal organs were about to move. Just when she thought that she was really going to die Here, she suddenly heard a clear and Noble voice,””That’s enough,” 
With this, the thug swiftly retracted his fists and feet, then said respectfully,” “Sir.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She had no strength left. 
She raised her head slowly and saw the man standing not far away from her. 
Because his back was facing the moonlight, his face couldn’t be seen clearly, but he could feel the pressure that this person was exuding. 
She didn’t say anything, but the man slowly said,””Leave the ginseng and let her go.” 
The Butler was stunned, but he did not dare to question the man’s orders. He lowered his head and said,”Yes, sir.’ 
Then he took a step forward and came in front of Qiao Yiyi. He squatted down and lowered his head. “You’re lucl$,’ today that you didn’t disturb our young miss Sir will only let you go because of this. Quickly put down the ginseng and leave! We know that you have a grudge against Bai Anan. If we send you to the police station, you’ll be dead!” 
The Butler’s words carried a hint of persuasion. He could tell that this Wu Hen was a ruthless character. 
Indeed, as soon as he said this, wuhen clutched the ginseng tightly in his hand and lowered his head. “I won’t let go unless you kill me.” 
She didn’t even have the strength to speak anymore, but she still managed to say it word by word. 
When the Butler heard this, he sighed. 
The surrounding people were silent for a while. 
Actually, everyone was a little impressed to have encountered such a tough bone. 
The Butler turned around and looked at the master of the house. Mr. Xu stared at her for a long time, and after a while, he said indifferently,””Let her go,” 
The Butler was stunned. 
The surrounding people were also stunned. 
He was Letting her go just like that?
###Chapter 1872 – She’S Crazy For Love (12) 
However, everyone had always followed Sir’s orders and did not dare to disobey, so they immediately carried it out. 
The people around him instantly made way. 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked as well. She stared at Mr. Xu and couldn’t believe her ears. 
Did he just let me go so easily
The next moment, she stood up in a hurry. However, she couldn’t stand up even after using her hands to support herself on the ground for a long time. 
It was the Butler beside her who couldn’t stand it and helped her up. 
Then she turned around and saw Mr. Xu standing there. He was wearing a black trench coat, which made him look particularly unfathomable. 
She knew that things couldn’t be that simple, but she still lowered her head, picked up the ginseng, and walked out step by step. 
After Qiao Yiyi’s figure disappeared, the Butler walked to Xu mushen’s side.”Sir, is this matter settled?” 
The corners of Xu mushen’s lips curled up into a mocking smile. It was a smile that was not a smile, but it carried an oppressive pressure.”l won’t cause trouble for a woman. Inform Lu nanze.” 
The Butler immediately understood. 
Sir didn’t want to be calculative with a woman. He was going to look for trouble with Lu nanze. 
That was true! 
Recently, the matter between Lu nanze and wuhen had been a hot topic. People who should and shouldn’t know had already found out. Now that wuhen had come to steal their ginseng Of course, the first thing she knew was that Lu nanze must have sent her. 
The Butler immediately nodded.”Yes, I’ll go now.” 
Qiao Yiyi held the ginseng and supported her waist. She walked out step by step with her legs that were in extreme pain. 
With every step she took, she felt as if her legs were being cut by a knife. It was extremely painful. 
But she didn’t dare to stay. 
This was still the Xu family, it was not safe at all. 
Just like that, she inched her way to the entrance and finally found her car. 
After getting into the car, she leaned against the seat and panted heavily. 
She lowered her head to look at her body. There were bruises all over her body, and there was even a large bump on her cheek. She simply couldn’t show her face in this state. 
She lowered her head and took a deep breath. Then, she picked up an ice pack and put it on her body. 
After he finally felt better, he started the car and drove to Suzhou. 
Actually, there was no rush to send the ginseng to Lu nanze. 
That was because Lu nanze’s body was very weak at the moment. It was not suitable for him to have a big supplement. He had to do it slowly. 
He would have to wait for a while to recover before eating the ginseng. 
Hence, when she arrived in Suzhou, she was no longer in a hurry to go to the hospital. Instead, she went to Lu nanzes private villa to treat her wounds. There were no real injuries on his body, but they were all internal injuries. 
It was even more difficult to raise. 
Qiao Yiyi took off her clothes and stood in front of the mirror. She looked at her skin and felt that her brain must have been flooded. 
How could he give up his life for a piece of ginseng
It turned out that people were this crazy when they were in love. 
She lowered her head and applied ice to all her wounds. In the end, she lay down on the sofa, exhausted. She closed her eyes and fell asleep. 
She slept for an entire day and night. 
When she woke up again, it was already the next night. 
She got out of bed and found something to eat in the villa. Then, she put on her night suit and mask. She was going to send the ginseng to Lu nanze that night. 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow—]
###Chapter 1873 – She’S Crazy For Love (13) 
Qiao Yiyi’s body was sore and she was in pain everywhere, but she endured it and drove to the hospital. 
At that moment, she couldn’t be bothered to think about why Mrs. Shen had not been around for the past two days. She only wanted to give the ginseng to Lu nanze as soon as possible. 
It would be most convenient to go as wuhen, and he would not have to be questioned by Lu Qingtian and the others. 
She was prepared to return to Lu nanze’s Villa to recuperate after she had given him the ginseng. 
The hatchet men of the Xu family were simply too powerful. She felt that her bones might not be broken, but her internal injuries would take some time to recover. 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath and got out of the sports car. She entered the hospital and walked in. 
Under the cover of the night, she quickly arrived at Lu nanze’s ward. She looked around, then climbed up to the window in no time. 
She pushed the window open gently. 
After all, it was summer, so they couldn’t be locked up too tightly. 
When Qiao Yiyi entered the ward through the window, she saw that Lu nanze was still asleep. His face was still very pale. 
Her heart ached at the sight of Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze was usually very alert. He would immediately be on alert at the slightest sign of trouble. 
But now He was still sleeping so soundly. It was enough to show that his body was really weak. 
Even his five senses had become much slower than usual. 
It seemed like the doctor was right. 
Even if he could recover, he probably wouldn’t be able to regain his former sharp senses. 
Therefore, she did not regret stealing the ginseng for him at all. 
Qiao Yiyi walked to the side of the bed and lifted the blanket to check his legs. 
Because of the summer, the wound on his leg had not yet formed a scab, but it had not become inflamed again. 
She looked at the new wound on top of the old one and felt her heart ache. She was touched. 
Just then, she heard Lu nanze’s muffled groan. Clearly, the wound on his leg was starting to hurt again. 
Qiao Yiyi hurriedly held onto his leg and wanted to give him a massage. 
She didn’t know what was going on when she massaged him in the past, but now that she knew, she felt that she couldn’t put her hands down. 
Would it hurt him
Would he be uncomfortable
He actually had so many more concerns. 
Qiao Yiyi felt that she was so funny. She shook her head and lowered her head again. She pressed on his acupuncture points and started to massage him. 
He didn’t know how long the massage lasted, but the pain was relieved. 
Lu nanze finally stopped looking like he was in so much pain and his expression eased a little. 
Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief. She stood by the bed and stared at him, lost in thought. 
In the past, he had not dared to look at Lu nanze like that. But now Perhaps it was because he was injured and a little fragile, his expression was no longer as cold as before. Therefore, at this moment, Lu nanze did not seem as unapproachable as he had been when he was awake. r. om
Her delicate features and clean skin made her look like a newborn baby, which made people’s hearts soften. 
Qiao Yiyi saw the beads of sweat on his forehead and thought for a moment. She went to the bathroom, picked up a towel, dipped it in water, and went back to his bed. 
In the past, she had always served Lu nanze unwillingly. But now, she was wiping his sweat so gently. 
At this moment, a few voices came from the door..
###Chapter 1874 – She’S Crazy For Love (14) 
Qiao Yiyi’s movements paused. She immediately put away the towel and quickly flashed to the window. However, she saw someone passing by downstairs. It wasn’t appropriate to jump down now. in. 
She looked around the room warily and saw a closet at the side. She didn’t have time to think and went in. 
The moment she got in, the door opened and Lu Qingtian and the Butler walked in. 
Both of them sighed when they saw Lu nanze lying on the bed. 
“He’s not awake yet!”Lu Qingtian replied. 
The Butler explained,”he woke up once yesterday, but he only woke up for slightly more than an hour before falling asleep again. He also woke up for a while this morning …” 
Lu Qingtian looked worried. 
The Butler immediately spoke again,”but the doctor said that Sir has lost too much blood. It’s normal for him to be weak these few days. So don’t worry. He just needs to sleep more so that his various organs can be repaired at their best.” 
Lu Qingtian nodded. 
The Butler hesitated for a moment before he is it really good for you not to attend the Annual Business Conference? The Lu family is the number one family in Suzhou after all, and Sir is also hosting the business meeting, but if he’s absent . 
When Lu Qingtian said this, she couldn’t help but sigh. “This Qiao Yiyi is really …! He couldn’t be found at the critical moment! YVhy did it seem like he had disappeared from the world? She went to the Qiao family’s house to ask, but she didn’t know anything! Now, she could only hope that Lu nanze knew where she was. At the business meeting, the male host might not be around, but the female host had to be. If she wasn’t around, what would that look like! Our Lu family will become the laughingstock of Suzhou!” The Butler looked at Lu Qingtian and hesitated. 
Lu Qingtian glared at him. “Tell me!” 
The Butler coughed and said,””Even if Madam is here, I’m afraid she won’t be able to control the situation!” 
Lu Qingtian nothing. I’m here, but what we need is her. After all, I’m a married woman and not a member of the Lu family. Sigh! But does Nan ze even know where she is?” 
The Butler also frowned. “I’m afraid It’s a little uncertain.” 
After saying this, the two of them looked at Lu nanze with eager eyes. 
“I don’t think you should stay here,” the Butler said. “I’ll send you out first. ” I’ll just ask when Sir wakes up. ‘ 
Lu Qingtian sighed.”That’s the only way, but I think Forget it, you can ask.” It’S a must to attend this kind of meeting, but if Qiao Yiyi doesn’t come back tomorrow, I’m worried that Lu nanze will force himself and go himself. 
The Butler nodded in agreement.”l think so too.” 
Lu Qingtian shook her head.”l’ll go first. I can’t help it.” Who asked us to be born into the Lu family? Ifwe don’t go, the Lu family might not be able to get a lot of things done next year. I just feel bad for him But I can’t stop him now I can only find a few more people to take care of him. Look at Qiao Yiyi I’m so angry! He was so angry! In the past, although she didn’t like the look of her, she still thought that she was Mrs. Lu. But look at what happened. She suddenly disappeared without any warning. She didn’t even pick up her phone.. 
It was really, really infuriating! Where the hell do you think she is!”
###Chapter 1875 – She’S Crazy For Love (15) 
The Butler sent Lu Qingtian out with these comments. 
The ward finally quieted down. Lu Qingtian’s last words became softer and softer until Qiao Yiyi couldn’t hear them anymore. She then walked out of the closet. 
She widened her eyes and stared at the door. She didn’t expect so many things to happen in her absence. 
When she went to the Xu family’s house to steal things, she definitely could not bring her phone with her. When she returned to Lu nanze’s Villa to rest, she was as tired as a pig. She fell asleep and slept until the next day. She did not even hear her phone ring. 
However, tomorrow’s business conference … 
She turned to look at Lu nanze, who was lying on the bed. In his current condition, he definitely could not go, especially the wound on his leg … If he were to get into any more accidents or get injured, it would be terrible. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned at the thought. 
She patted Lu nanze’s shoulder and was about to leave when he suddenly grabbed her hand. 
She turned around in surprise and saw that Lu nanze had opened his eyes and was staring at her. 
Qiao Yiyi was pleasantly surprised. She squatted down and looked at Lu nanze.”You’re awake?” 
Lu nanze merely looked at her and nodded tiredly. “Yes, why are you here?” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately handed him the ginseng as if she was presenting a treasure. “Look at what this is.” 
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank immediately when he saw who it was. ‘You went to the Xu family alone? Are you hurt?” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately put on a relaxed expression. “No, I’m telling you, although the Xu family’s Anti -Theft System is powerful, it’s only effective against ordinary thieves. Don’t forget, I’m a godly thief!” What can stump me!” 
When he said this, he raised his chin and looked very arrogant. 
Lu nanze could not help but laugh at her expression. 
He was still sad that Wu Hen went to see Liang Liang and didn’t even come to see him. But at this moment, with such a ginseng, didn’t it explain anything
She had him in her heart! 
He reached out his hand and patted Wu hen’s head. Then, he placed his fingers on her face and the mask. 
At this moment, as long as he used a little force, he would be able to pull off wuhen’s mask and see her true appearance. 
He stared at Wu Hen, not knowing whether to open it or not. 
Qiao Yiyi, on the other hand, looked up and did not refuse. 
She knew that he would find out sooner or later, so there was no need to hide it anymore. 
If he wanted to see it, he could have just told her that Qiao Yiyi was wuhen without her having to explain. 
Both of them were silent for a while. Finally, Lu nanze understood Qiao Yiyi’s thoughts and his lips curled up. 
Since Wu Hen was willing to show her appearance to her, it meant that she believed in her, right
So, why was there a need to be pretentious
He reached out and was about to pull the mask off when a voice came from outside the door. 
Qiao Yiyi jumped up in shock. She glanced at Lu nanze and raised an eyebrow at him. Without a word, she jumped out of the window. 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze turned around and saw the Butler walk in. 
Seeing that he had woken up, the Butler was excited.”Sir, you’re awake!” 
But! 
Indeed, Lu nanze was exuding a low aura. 
The Butler was speechless..
###Chapter 1876 – She’S Crazy For Love (16) 
If looks could kill, the Butler would have been dismembered by now. 
The Butler felt a chill all over his body. He could even sense that sir was unhappy. But why was Sir throwing a tantrum the moment he woke up? it was simply … Inexplicable. 
The Butler touched his nose helplessly. 
Just as she was about to ask Lu nanze about Qiao Yiyi, her phone rang. 
The Butler was stunned. He lowered his head and picked up the phone. When he saw the number on the screen, he was ecstatic! 
He nodded at Lu nanze, grabbed his phone, and rushed out of the ward. 
He picked it up and grumbled into the phone,””My miss Qiao, my Mrs. Lu, my big miss, you’ve finally made a move! What have you been doing for the past day and night? Do you know that we’ve almost gone crazy looking for you?” 
Qiao Yiyi had just jumped off the building. She had taken off her mask and was walking down the stairs. 
She knew that when the Butler saw that Lu nanze had woken up, he would definitely ask about her, so she had to call him before that. 
Because once the Butler asked, based on Lu nanze’s strong-willed character, he would definitely request for her to go personally. 
But she couldn’t let Lu nanze go. She had to let him rest. 
Qiao Yiyi go to the business meeting tonight. Don’t worry, I’ll be there on time. Don’t worry, and don’t tell Mr. Lu.” 
The Butler was stunned. 
Listening to his commanding tone, it felt as if Madam had changed into a different person. But that tone Gave him an inexplicable sense of security. 
“Alright, I understand,” he nodded immediately. 
After he hung up, he suddenly thought of a question. How did Madam know about the business conference
Did Madam know the exact location
The Butler immediately lowered his head and texted Qiao Yiyi the time and place. 
After a while, she received Qiao Yiyi’s reply. “1 know.” 
The Butler was completely relieved. 
Then, she walked into the ward. 
As soon as he entered the ward, he saw Lu nanze staring at him with a pair of dark eyes. 
The Butler was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi drove her sports car back to Lu nanze’s Villa. 
Her waist and legs were swollen from the hit. It looked terrible, but it hurt a lot when she moved. 
She frowned and sighed. Then, she took out all the ice from the fridge and threw it into the bathtub. After letting the water run, she took off her clothes and entered the bathtub. nαd. om
The cold water stimulated her skin, but it also relieved the pain. 
This method was very bad for the body, but there was no other way. 
If she didn’t soak in it like this, she didn’t know if she could make it through the night. 
After soaking in the bath for a while, she stood up and found a high-collared dress to cover her entire body. If she really couldn’t cover herself, she would apply some cream. By the time she was done, it was already five in the afternoon. 
The business conference would be held at Sixo’ clock, so she had to go. 
Hence, she went downstairs and arrived at the hospital. 
Outside the hospital, the Butler had been waiting for a long time. When he saw that she had settled everything, he was instantly relieved. He didn’t have time to ask why she had disappeared for two days. He let her get into the car and took her to the business conference. 
When they arrived at the business meeting, Qiao Yiyi had just gotten out of the car when she suddenly saw an extended Bentley Drive over. Mr. Xu immediately got out of the car. 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow!]
###Chapter 1877 – She’S Crazy For Love (17) 
When Qiao Yiyi saw Mr. Xu, she subconsciously turned her head and covered her face. 
She didn’t know why, but she felt a little guilty, even though she knew that Wu Hen was the one who had stolen the other day and Qiao Yiyi was the one who had appeared in front of everyone. 
However, she felt that Mr. Xu seemed to be able to see through her identity with one look. 
She coughed and then stopped at the door. 
When the housekeeper first brought her here, she was worried that Qiao Yiyi wouldn’t be able to adapt to such a big scene. However, when she saw Qiao Yiyi’s calm expression, she was relieved. However, at this moment, when she saw Qiao Yiyi’s expression, she suddenly thought that she was nervous. 
Hence, she immediately said, “Madam, don’t be nervous. Just treat the people there as cabbages. Besides, you don’t have to say or do anything at tonight’s banquet. Just let them know that you’re here. That’s enough.” As for the rest, there’s Madam. You can rest assured and don’t be nervous 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
She wanted to say that she was not nervous! 
However, the Butler probably wouldn’t believe her even if she told him. 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head and followed the Butler to the banquet. 
No one had expected Mr. Xu to be here. After all, Mr. Xu was not from Suzhou, so as soon as Mr. Xu entered the banquet, everyone gathered around him. Some tried to please him, some wanted to get to know him. There were all kinds of faces. Even Lu Qingtian was shocked to see Mr. Xu. 
When Qiao Yiyi walked in , Lu Qingtian saw her and immediately grabbed her. Then, without a word, she pulled her to Mr. Xu and said,””Mr. Xu, I didn’t expect you to come. It’s really an honor to have you here!” 
Mr. Xu raised his eyebrows. 
Someone immediately introduced her from behind.”This is Lu nanze’s aunt, Lu 
Qingtian.” 
Mr. Xu nodded at Lu Qingtian and looked around. “Mr. Lu didn’t come
Lu Qingtian immediately nodded. “Yes, nanze was injured and is in the hospital now. Tonight The representative of our Lu family is her, nanze’s wife!” When she said this, she pushed Qiao Yiyi in front of Xu mushen. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned for a moment. She bit her lip and stood in front of Xu mushen. She lowered her head. “Mr. Xu, how are you
Xu mushen didn’t even look at her. He only nodded and then looked a little disappointed.”Since Mr. Lu didn’t come, I’ll visit him later.” 
It was a very polite remark, but it made everyone feel extremely pressured. 
Lu Qingtian was also taken aback. The Lu family and the Xu family had never had any financial disputes, so Mr. Xu suddenly wanted to look for Lu nanze. Could there be something that she did not know about
Just as she thought of this, she saw Mr. Xu turn around and walk out. He had no intention of entertaining her. 
Mr. Xu came quickly and left even faster. Even the people at the banquet only heard that Mr. Xu had come, but before they could react, Mr. Xu had left again. 
For a time, the banquet hall returned to silence. 
Of course, Lu Qingtian wasn’t so calm. She pulled Qiao Yiyi along and sent Mr. Xu to the car. After watching him leave, she frowned. “What is Mr. Xu doing here?” 
Qiao Yiyi also heaved a sigh of relief. Could it be That he was here to find Wu Hen
Or did Mr.. Xu already know that Lu nanze had incited wuhen to steal the ginseng． cｏ
###Chapter 1878 – She’S Crazy For Love (18) 
She didn’t dare to think too much, nor did she dare to think too deeply. She only felt a little panicked, as if something bad was waiting for her in the future. 
She lowered her head and thought for a moment. Then, she felt a tight grip on her arm. She turned and saw Lu Qingtian looking at her.”…Did you hear what I just said?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head. 
Lu Qingtian could not help but frown.”You’re really … I’m telling you, this is nothing. Don’t be nervous. Just stand there with a smile later. If someone is talking to you, just smile and don’t worry about anything else.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded.”Oh.” 
“Don’t be nervous. ” 
“I’m not nervous. ” 
“Don’t force yourself even if you’re nervous. I know that you’ll be a little nervous when you’re experiencing this for the first time. Just smile. ” 
Qiao Yiyi thought,’she’s really not nervous!’ 
What’s a small scene like this
She had seen bigger scenes than this! 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched, then she immediately smiled. 
She might as well admit that she was nervous. 
Lu Qingtian saw that she was smiling foolishly without saying a word and sighed. Then, she dragged her into the banquet hall.”What were you doing a few days ago? Why can’t I find you anywhere!” 
Qiao Yiyi thought for a moment, then pointed to the front and asked,”Aunt, who is that? I saw him smile at us 
As expected, Lu Qingtian had successfully changed the topic.”Oh, that, that’s 
Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief and followed Lu Qingtian into the banquet hall. 
Everyone knew that Lu nanze had been injured and was in the hospital, so no one made things difficult for Qiao Yiyi. 
However, the Lu family was very powerful in Suzhou, so everyone gave Qiao Yiyi a lot of face. The men couldn’t come over to do public relations, so they sent their own wives over. In a short time, Qiao Yiyi and Lu Qingtian were surrounded by a group of rich ladies. 
This group of people were experts at chatting, so they didn’t make it difficult for Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t have the patience to entertain them, so she did as Lu Qingtian said and kept smiling the entire time. 
Even so, it was obvious that Qiao Yiyi’s aura was different from before. She could hold the crowd just by standing there. 
Lu Qingtian was very satisfied with his appearance. 
In private, she even said to the Butler,” …I thought that Qiao Yiyi would be extremely nervous and petty. I didn’t expect her to be so calm. Anyway, she could scare people just by standing there!” 
The Butler nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there, smiling as she listened to their conversation. Suddenly, she thought of Lu nanze. 
She wondered how Lu nanze was doing in the hospital. 
Did he wake up
When she saw him yesterday, his face was still a little pale. Today, he looked 
As she thought about it, she unconsciously looked at the chest of a certain woman in front of her in a daze. 
The woman was wearing a necklace with a gem on it. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the gemstone, lost in her thoughts. 
However, in the eyes of others, that look became 
Someone couldn’t help but sneer. Then, he asked Qiao Yiyi,”Mrs. Lu?” 
Qiao Yiyi came back to her senses. 
At this moment, a sweet voice was heard. “Everyone, please be more tolerant. 
After all, my second sister-in-law is not from a big family Perhaps she has never seen such a big gem before..”
###Chapter 1879 – She’S Crazy For Love (19) 
At first, everyone thought that Qiao Yiyi was distracted, so they didn’t think much of it. 
However, after Li Tingting’s explanation, the women who were surrounding Qiao Yiyi immediately thought of Qiao Yiyi’s background and looked at her with disdain. 
That’s right, so what if she’s Mrs. Lu now
In the end, it couldn’t hide that kind of background. 
She came from a small family … She just had shallow eyes. 
Hence, although everyone did not speak, their expressions and attitudes changed drastically. 
Li Tingting looked at the reactions of the people around her and lowered her eyes in satisfaction. 
She curled her lips and felt a sense of satisfaction in her heart. 
As soon as she entered, she saw the group of people flattering Qiao Yiyi. She just stood there and calmly ended the compliments from the people around her. 
Li Tingting immediately felt upset. 
On what basis
She, Qiao Yiyi, was a girl with no roots. It was fine that she married second brother, but who didn’t know that it was an accident that she slept with second brother last time
But now, she was actually standing there And dressed in such an elegant dress, like a high and mighty Princess. 
She had to expose this fake princess’s true colors. 
Li Tingtings eyes revealed a sinister look. 
Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow when she heard this. 
At this moment, the woman with the gemstone couldn’t help but laugh.”lt’s not strange that Mrs. Lu has never seen such a big gemstone before. My husband bought it at a high price from an auction this year! However This gem of mine is not something that ordinary people can see easily. 
She was mocking Qiao Yiyi for being ignorant! 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. 
This person was really 
How could she care about this type of gem? because her mother had given her a lot of gemstones in her little vault. It was just that she didn’t like them. Moreover, such a big stone, wasn’t it too eye-catching to wear it around her neck
The corners of her mouth twitched, and then she lowered her head without saying a word. 
Li Tingting immediately laughed again. ‘You’re right, Mrs. Zhang. This kind of gem is indeed rare. We only have two in our house.” 
The surrounding people all stopped talking. 
The meaning of his mockery was too obvious. 
At this moment, Lu Qingtian’s voice was heard. “What’s wrong
Someone immediately stepped aside and let Lu Qingtian in. 
When Li Tingting saw Lu Qingtian, she smiled.”lt’s nothing. It’s just that second sister-in-law was staring at the gemstone on Madam Zhang’s chest in a daze, and Madam Zhang was a little embarrassed …” 
One sentence was all it took to convict Joe. 
Lu Qingtian immediately rolled her eyes at Qiao Yiyi. She couldn’t help but think, ‘she’s from a small family after all. She’s not presentable! ‘ 
It was impolite to stare at someone else’s gem in a daze! 
But at this time, Lu Qingtian couldn’t let Qiao Yiyi down, so she immediately so strange about that? you’re just comparing it to the gems in your familys private vault, aren’t you? The ones in our family are not the same style as Madam Zhang ‘s , so you won’t be able to make a comparison!” 
As soon as he said this, everyone came to a sudden realization! 
That’s right, Qiao Yiyi’s family might be poor, but the Lu family wasn ‘t! Qiao Yiyi was married to Lu nanze, so she was Mrs. Lu. The Lu family had all kinds of precious stones. 
How could Mrs.. Lu possibly be interested in someone elses gem.”
###Chapter 1880 – She’S Crazy For Love (20) 
Lu Qingtian helped Qiao Yiyi out of the situation, and then everyone immediately gave her face and let it go. 
Who cared what she used to do? she was the madam of the Lu family now, so what was there to look down on
Everyone started to compliment Lu Qingtian and Qiao Yiyi. 
Seeing this, Li Tingting wanted to say something, but Lu Qingtian didn’t give her a chance to speak.””Li girl, I just saw your mother calling for you. Also, that’s where the children play. You can go there and play. We have a group of older people chatting here. It’s so boring for you to be here!” 
Li Tingting was speechless. 
She was young, but Qiao Yiyi was younger than her by two years! 
But at this time, these words definitely couldn’t be said. 
Li Tingting gritted her teeth and nodded. She took a few steps back and looked up at Qiao Yiyi again. 
She stood in the crowd and continued to be praised by the crowd. 
Li Tingting’s eyes narrowed. 
No, she was not willing! 
Was he just going to give her the position of Mrs. Lu
After she had successfully organized the business conference today, her status as Mrs. Lu would be solidified, and she would have taken root in the Lu family. So, she had to make a fool of herself today! 
How could he embarrass her in such a big occasion
And it had to be something that even Lu Qingtian could not protect her
Li Tingting looked around, and her gaze finally fell on the gemstone on Mrs. Zhang’s chest. 
A glint flashed across her eyes and she sneered. 
There was a way! 
At this thought, Li Tingting immediately picked up her phone, called someone over, and quickly said something in a low voice. 
The banquet went very smoothly. 
Today was just a business meeting organized by the Lu family. They were not really discussing any business content. It was just a gathering for everyone to have a chat and also to show the Lu family’s status as the number one family in Suzhou. 
Therefore, no one bothered Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi took a glass of red wine and walked around. Then, she looked at the time. 
In another half an hour , this boring gathering would be over. 
Then, she could continue to disappear and return to Lu nanze’s Villa to rest. i?re?. ?m
The pain in her body almost made her unable to hold on. 
While she was thinking, she suddenly felt someone pass by her and nudged her. 
Qiao Yiyi staggered and almost lost her balance. 
She frowned and raised her head again, only to see a person walking past her. 
That action, that posture 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. There was a problem! 
As a thief goddess, she was very sensitive to her bag. At this moment, she could clearly feel that there was something extra in her bag! 
At this moment, a scream suddenly broke out at the banquet! 
“Argh! Where are my gems? Where are my gemstones?” 
Everyone turned their heads and saw that the person who was shouting was none other than Mrs. Zhang. 
Gemstones
Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow and opened her bag when no one noticed her. She saw Madam Zhangs gem necklace lying quietly in her bag. 
She immediately pulled out a sarcastic smile. 
Was Li Tingting trying to be funny by letting a thief show off his skills in front of an expert
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow!] Collectively kiss
###Chapter 1881 – She’S Crazy For Love (21) 
Qiao Yiyi’s expression was calm. She just stood there and watched the show. 
Let’s see what Li Tingting is going to do next. 
Mrs. Zhang exclaimed, and the people around her immediately moved away, as if they were afraid of getting into trouble. In just a few seconds, the people around her surrounded Mrs. Zhang. She stood in the crowd, her eyes red, and she looked around in a panic.”Where is my gem? where is my gem?” 
The people around him started to talk one by one,” 
“I just saw you wearing it!” 
“Yeah, why did he suddenly disappear?” 
“Don’t worry, there won’t be any thieves here. Maybe it was dropped somewhere. Let’s look for it …” 
Mrs. Zhang was on the verge of tears.”I spent tens of millions on this gemstone! If I lose this, wuwuwuwu … What am I going to do! Where are my gems? where are my gems?” 
As soon as she said this, Li Tingtings voice was heard. “Don’t worry, Mrs. Zhang. Think about it carefully. When did the gemstone start?” Did you put it in the bathroom
Mrs. Zhang frowned.”No, I didn’t go to the bathroom at all!” 
“1t’s such a big gem,” Li Tingting continued.”lt can’t possibly be lost.” 
Mrs. Zhang was anxious.”l don’t care. My gemstone was lost here. The people here have to take responsibility!” 
Lu Qingtian also heard the voice and came over. She frowned.””What’s going on?” 
Mrs. Zhang suddenly going on? You still have the face to ask what happened? I just want to ask you, where did my gem go? It was stolen during your family’s business meeting, so your family has to take responsibility!” 
‘Mrs. Zhang, what do you mean by this?” Lu Qingtian frowned. 
Li Tingting took a step forward and seemed to be speaking up for Lu Qingtian, but her words seemed to point to something else.””Mrs. Zhang, to put it bluntly, business conferences like this are attended by people of status. Look at this group of people, who would care about your gemstone necklace? who would do such a thing without their status? Your gemstone necklace is indeed precious and valuable, but no one would really care about it . 
This sentence made Mrs. Zhang suddenly think of something. She raised her head and looked around the scene. As expected, her eyes fell on Qiao Yiyi. “There’s a person! She has her eyes on my necklace! Mrs. Lu, did you take my necklace?” 
As soon as she said this, everyone’s eyes followed her gaze and landed on Qiao Yiyi. 
Lu Qingtian frowned and glanced at Qiao Yiyi.””This is impossible! There are all kinds of precious gemstones in the Lu family. How could she possibly be interested in your gemstone!” 
This gem was Mrs. Zhangs most valuable jewelry 
She hadn’t had any good gemstones to show off at such a large-scale business conference, so she had been feeling a little inferior at home. Some time ago , her husband had made a big mistake and she had caught him red-handed. In order to make it up to her, her husband had bought her such a big gemstone. So, she had brought it here today to show off and to comfort herself. ?a. 
Therefore, this gemstone was simply too important to her..
###Chapter 1882 – She’S Crazy For Love (22) 
At this moment, when she saw Qiao Yiyi and thought of the look in her eyes when she stared at her gem, she suddenly felt like a drowning person who had grabbed onto the last straw. 
She rushed in front of Qiao Yiyi and grabbed her hand.”Miss Qiao, Mrs. Lu, tell me, did you find my gemstone?” Did you pick it up? If you return my gem to me, we’ll pretend this never happened. How about it?” 
Her words carried a hint of threat. 
Since the business meeting was organized by the Lu family, the Lu family had to take responsibility for her loss! 
Either the Lu family would find the gemstone for her, or … They would compensate her with an item of the same value! 
Otherwise, even if Qiao Yiyi didn’t steal it, she would be the one who did! 
It couldn’t be helped. Who asked her to be the person with the worst background in the entire conference
Moreover, everyone had seen Qiao Yiyi staring at her gem in a daze just now! 
At that moment, she made up her mind that Qiao Yiyi was to blame for this matter! 
Lu Qingtian and Qiao Yiyi instantly understood what Madam Zhang meant. 
Lu Qingtian suddenly felt suffocated. 
Originally, they should be responsible for Mrs. Zhang’s gem, but it was one thing for them to take the initiative to take responsibility, but it was another thing to be forced to take responsibility! 
If word of this got out, how were the Lu family going to live in the future
This was simply bullying! 
Lu Qingtian’s face darkened.”Mrs. Zhang, what do you mean? You suspect that Yiyi stole your gemstones? It was really funny! Since when did our Lu family lack a gemstone?” 
Madam Zhang cried and said, “yes, yes. Your Lu family does not lack a gem. But everyone here knows that your family is not satisfied with this Madam at all. Mr. Lu has made it clear that he does not recognize her status! Besides …” 
Madam Zhang continued, “besides, the Qiao family has been asking for the Li familys daughter recently. They need a gift of eight million Yuan. They can’t afford it at all. They’ve been looking for Madam Lu to think of a way!” You have a lot of gemstones in your house, but those are all from the Lu family. Do they belong to Mrs. Lu? Mrs. Lu, you stole my gemstone. You can go to the black market and sell it for a good price!” 
This was really 
Lu Qingtian was speechless! 
He even thought of the reason why Qiao Yiyi stole it. 
But she glared at Qiao Yiyi again. This girl really knew how to cause trouble for her! 
She sneered. “These are just your guesses. How can you say that Qiao Yiyi stole your things?” 
Mrs. Zhang was desperate. “I don’t care. I just felt that she stole my gem. It’s her!” If you don’t believe me, we’ll search you right now! I want to see if she has it!” 
A body search was the greatest humiliation to a person. 
‘You …” Lu Qingtian would not allow that. 
Before he could finish, Mrs. Zhang shouted again,””lf you don’t search me, I’ll have to call the police! Don’t blame me for not giving the Lu family any face!” 
If news of the Lu family calling the police were to spread at the banquet, they would be the ones to be embarrassed! 
Lu Qingtian immediately found it difficult to deal with! 
Just then, Li Tingting stepped body search is so unpleasant to hear. I think we should do it this way. Madam Zhang, it’S impossible for second sister-in-law to hide such a big gem on her.. Why don’t we just search her bag?”
###Chapter 1883 – She’S Crazy For Love (23) 
A simple bag search and a body search were two completely different concepts. 
Lu Qingtian could accept this. 
So, before Qiao Yiyi could speak, she nodded.”Okay, that’s it!” Yiyi, open your bag and let everyone see. Let everyone see if our Yiyi did it! Prove our Lu family’s innocence!” 
Lu Qingtian stared at Mrs. Zhang and sneered,””Also, since Mrs. Zhang is so suspicious of the Lu family’s character, then it seems that your Zhang family and our Lu family have to be more careful in the future when working with each other. The most important thing in doing business is trust.” 
His words made Mrs. Zhang’s expression change drastically. 
But now that things had come to this, he had to persevere no matter what. 
So, Mrs. Zhang forced a smile and said,””Of course. It’s mainly because of Mrs. Lu’s character. It’s worth discussing.” 
Everyone turned to look at Qiao Yiyi. 
Lu Qingtian also nodded at Qiao Yiyi.”Open your bag and show everyone! It’s good to prove your innocence, so that you won’t always be misunderstood! ” 
Qiao Yiyi’s lips curled up when she heard this. 
This aunt of his was still too naive. 
However, perhaps she really didn’t expect that Li Tingting would hire a thief to frame her. 
Otherwise, this kind of work was not something that ordinary people could do. 
At this thought, she lowered her head, but she glanced at Li Tingting from the corner of her eye. 
She noticed that Li Tingting was staring at her with a shrewd look in her eyes. It was as if she wanted to let everyone know that she was a thief. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered. She was afraid that she would have to disappoint Li Tingting. 
She raised her brows and sneered. Then, she took her bag, stepped forward, unzipped it, and then 
She seemed to have been tripped by someone, and her whole body fell forward. 
Coincidentally, she bumped into Li Tingtings shoulder. 
Li Tingting yelped and frowned. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately stood up straight and apologized,”l’m sorry, I’m sorry ? I tripped on my high heels.” 
Li Tingtings arm hurt a little, so she was a little unhappy. However, she couldn’t lose her temper in front of so many people, so she could only glare at Qiao Yiyi and suppress her unhappiness.””lt’s fine. ” 
Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief.”l’m glad Miss Li doesn’t blame me.” Li Tingting sneered and didn’t say anything. 
Qiao Yiyi then looked at Lu Qingtian, looking troubled.””Aunt, I …” 
Lu Qingtian sighed.”l know that you’ve been wronged this time, but it’s not good for your reputation if everyone is so suspicious of you. Open your bag and show it to everyone. It’ll also prove your innocence, so that no one can say bad things about you in the future.” 
Qiao Yiyi could only nod helplessly. 
She opened her bag and showed it to everyone. 
There was only a mobile phone in the bag. Other than the mobile phone, there was nothing else. 
It’s pretty good. After all, the gemstone was so big that it couldn’t be hidden in a corner of the bag. 
It was not embarrassing to search Qiao Yiyi’s bag like that. 
Seeing that there was nothing in her bag, Lu Qingtian sneered and looked at Madam Zhang.””Mrs.. Zhang, are you satisfied now?
###Chapter 1884 – : She’S Crazy For Love (24) 
Li Tingting, who was standing next to her, was already very excited when Qiao Yiyi opened her bag, but when she opened it … Eh, where’s the thing
She was shocked. 
Mrs. Zhang was just as shocked as she was. 
Mrs. Zhang was speechless. 
However, at this moment, she could not admit that this matter had nothing to do with the Lu family. 
Otherwise, the Lu family would not be responsible for her gemstone. 
Therefore, Mrs. Zhang immediately said,””But even if Mrs. Lu did steal the gemstone, she wouldn’t stupidly put it in her bag. Even if she didn’t find it in her bag, it doesn’t mean that she didn’t steal it. ” 
Lu Qingtian laughed coldly at her words.”Madam Zhang, you’re really making things difficult for me! Are you planning to search the entire banquet hall today? Why don’t you call the police? I’ll let the police handle this matter!” 
Mrs. Zhang insisted on pushing the blame to the Lu family. Lu Qingtian was not a soft-rice either. 
How could he possibly agree. 
Searching Qiao Yiyi’s bag was the last step she had taken. 
At this time, if Madam Zhang continued to slander Qiao Yiyi, not only Qiao Yiyi, even she, Lu Qingtian, would not agree! 
So what if they shed all pretenses of cordiality
At this point, it would be a humiliation to the Lu family if they continued to retreat! 
As expected, Mrs. Zhang was a little flustered, but when she thought of her precious stone, she bit her lip. Even though she knew that she had already offended the Lu family, she still said,””Alright, then, then call the police! I lost my gem here, so I’m the victim. I don’t believe that I can’t find evidence of her stealing my gem! ” 
Lu Qingtian immediately said to the Butler, “”Then give me your phone, call the police!” 
The Butler lowered his head and handed the phone to Lu Qingtian respectfully. 
Lu Qingtian glanced at Mrs. Zhang and sneered. 
Just as she was about to call the police, she suddenly heard someone in the crowd say, “isn’t this Mrs. Zhangs gem
As soon as he said this, everyone turned their heads. 
The person who had spoken had covered her mouth in shock, but her eyes were still fixed on Li Tingting’s bag. 
Li Tingting was carrying a very small bag in her hand today. 
Usually, this bag was closed, but at this moment, for some reason, the zipper of the small bag opened. 
The gem was huge, and the bag was small. If someone were to take a look, they would immediately notice it. 
That person didn’t speak anymore. However, the people around him all caught sight of that gem with sharp eyes. 
Instantly, the way they looked at Li Tingting changed. 
When Mrs. Zhang heard this, she didn’t care about anything else. She ran over, snatched Li Tingting’s bag, and took out the gemstone. The moment she saw the gemstone, she shouted, “”This, this is my gem! So it wasn’t Mrs. Lu who stole my gemstone, it was you!” 
He pointed at Li Tingting. 
Li Tingting was already dumbfounded! 
She had never thought that things would develop to this stage! 
Her eyes widened in shock as she looked at the scene in front of her. Finally, her gaze fell on Qiao Yiyi. 
What was going on
She had seen the thief put the gemstone in Qiao Yiyi’s bag with her own eyes. How did it appear in her bag
She stared at the gemstone in Mrs. Zhang’s hand in shock. Then, she suddenly reacted and pointed at Qiao Yiyi.”She framed me!” 
[PS: I’m done updating. See you tomorrow..]
###Chapter 1885 – : She’S Crazy For Love (25) 
Li Tingting was sure that the gemstone was on Qiao Yiyi, but it was on her right now. This was not right! 
She didn’t need to think to know that Qiao Yiyi must have framed her. 
As for how she was going to frame her … Thinking back to how she had bumped into her, Li Tingting was furious.”You-you must have bumped into me just now and then hidden the gemstone in my bag!” She said. 
Hearing this, everyone found it laughable. 
Qiao Yiyi said helplessly,””Miss Li, I-if I could bump into you and put the gemstone in your bag without anyone knowing, I would be a godly thief. How could that be possible?” 
The people around him nodded. 
The collision had been too fast. A normal person would not have been able to put things into Li Tingting’s bag. 
Hence, Li Tingting’s reason was simply too farfetched. 
Unless Qiao Yiyi was the godly thief, traceless, she would not be able to do this. 
Everyone couldn’t help but shake their heads and look at Li Tingting. 
Mrs. Zhang didn’t care about anything else. She was immediately satisfied with the gem. 
Holding her own gem in her hand, she raised her head to look at Li Tingting. Without saying a word, she reached out and slapped Li Tingtings face. 
The loud applause made Li Tingting take a few steps back before she could regain her balance. 
Her gaze shifted from Qiao Yiyi to Madam Zhang. Then, she bit her lip. “Madam Zhang, it’s not me Think about it. We have so many of these gemstones in our house. Why would I steal yours if I couldn’t get my hands on them?!” On the other hand, Qiao Yiyi is the one who has the most reason to steal. She was staring at your gem so shamelessly just now. She is the only one who is interested in your gem!” 
Madam Zhang was stunned by Qiao Yiyi’s words. She turned to look at Qiao Yiyi again. 
‘What’s the point of me stealing your gemstones? Qiao Yiyi must have stolen it and framed me! Qiao Yiyi, what do I have against you? I just like second brother. Do you have to look at me so unpleasantly? But when you’re framing someone, can’t you choose a more rational way? This gem may be a priceless treasure in your eyes, but in my eyes It’s not like my family can’t afford it! 
You . 
At this point, Li Tingting lowered her head and started crying. 
That look made one’s heart soften. 
Everyone sympathized with the weak, so they couldn’t help but look at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the people around her and her gaze fell on Madam Zhang. 
Mrs. Zhang didn’t say a word, as if she would be fine as long as she found the gemstone. 
But when he thought about Mrs. Zhang’s Rascal-like behavior just now 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
She had wanted to save some face for Madam Zhang, but she didn’t expect that Madam Zhang would have such a bad character. She lost the gemstone, but whether she stole it or not, she still wanted to take it from her. This angered Qiao Yiyi. 
As she thought of this, she lowered her head and a cold smile flashed across her eyes. 
Then, she took a step forward and said, “”There’s something I don’t know if I should say. ” 
When Lu Qingtian heard this, she stood beside Qiao Yiyi and hurriedly said,””Speak, what’s there to hide? Let’s see who dares to wrong the madam of the Lu family today!”
###Chapter 1886 – She’S Crazy For Love (26) 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she laughed and sighed.”Madam Zhang, I’ve been holding it in before. I didn’t say it because I was afraid that you would feel embarrassed. But now, you’ve accused me so wrongly. I really can’t stand it anymore. I think if I don’t say it, everyone will really think that I’m coveting your gem …” 
Mrs. Zhang was stunned.”What do you mean?” she asked. 
“I mean, I was staring at this gemstone … Because …” Qiao Yiyi pointed at the gemstone in Mrs. Zhang’s hand.”This gemstone is fake.” 
That one sentence silenced the entire scene. 
Mrs. Zhang was the first to be shocked. She looked down at her gemstone and suddenly realized what Qiao Yiyi had said. She was furious.”Mrs. Lu, how can you talk nonsense?” What do you know about gemstones? Just because you say it’s fake, does it mean it’s fake?” 
“You’re obviously from a small family. How can you say such things … It’s scary to be ignorant.” 
Mrs. Zhang held up her gemstone. ‘This gemstone is the real deal . 
Before she could finish, Qiao Yiyi stepped forward and sighed. “Mrs. Zhang, if I remember correctly, this gem of yours is called the tears of dreams, right?” Mrs. Zhang was stunned for a moment before she nodded. n?ea. 
There were only a limited number of such large gemstones in the world, so each gemstone had its own name. 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head. “The reason why this gem is called this is not because it’s in the shape of a water droplet. It’s because when you put it under light and look at it from a 45 -degree angle, there’s a stream of light flashing inside the gem. The light looks like a water droplet, so the gem’s name is tears of dreams, not tears. Look at your gem, does it have that light?” 
As soon as he said this, Mrs. Zhang subconsciously raised the gem and looked at it under the light. There was no gem. 
Her expression changed immediately! 
At this moment, because of the commotion, the male guests also came over. 
Mr. Zhang happened to be in the crowd. He heard Qiao Yiyi’S words as soon as he walked in. 
After Mrs. Zhang finished looking at the gemstone, she turned her head and saw Mr. Zhang. She was immediately angry.”Old Zhang, come here. Tell me, are the gemstones you bought for me real?!” 
Mr. Zhang’s face changed and he was speechless. 
When Mrs. Zhang saw him like this, what else did she not understand
She immediately burst into tears. “Alright, you bastard! You’re keeping a mistress outside and buying real gems for your mistress. I want a gem from you and you buy a fake one to brush me off! There was simply no way to continue living like this! Ah . 
Mrs. Zhang broke down and burst into tears, rushing toward Mr. Zhang. 
Qiao Yi sneered when he saw the two of them fighting. 
Li Tingting frowned and looked around at the people around her. Then, she said like a Saint,” “Mrs. Lu, what you’re doing Is really This is other people’s family business, why are you saying it in public? One of them is willing to be hit, and the other is willing to suffer. You’re destroying someone else’s family like this!” 
Qiao Yiyi snorted and burst into laughter. 
This Li Tingting really spared no effort to defame her! 
“Miss Li, you should worry about yourself,” she couldn’t help but say..
###Chapter 1887 – She’S Crazy For Love (27 . m
Li Tingting’s eyes narrowed.”What do you mean? the gems are all fake now, so what does it have to do with me?” 
Qiao Yiyi sneered.”That’s really funny. Is stealing a gem considered stealing, but stealing a bun is not stealing?” How could there be such logic?” 
Li Tingting immediately clenched her fists in anger.”You …” 
Qiao Yiyi interrupted Li Tingting, then said,””Everyone here is watching. Isn’t that the case? are you going to refute it?” 
She looked at Lu Qingtian.”Aunt, what do you think?” 
Lu Qingtian had long found Li Tingting to be an eyesore. The incident at the hospital hadn’t even been resolved, and she was already causing trouble here. She immediately lowered her eyes.”Butler, call the police!” 
Li Tingting’s expression changed drastically.”You … You can’t accuse me like this! Besides, even if the police come, I didn’t steal anything. You won’t be able to find any evidence!” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned.”There were so many people here. Who didn’t see it?” 
Li Tingting sneered.”What did you see? Did you see me steal something or did you see something?” 
As soon as he said this, a voice was ? saw Madam Zhang’s stolen item in your bag. This is the evidence of your theft!” 
Everyone turned their heads and saw Liang Liang walking out. 
He frowned and stared ahead. 
Because Liang Liang was with the male guests, Qiao Yiyi didn’t notice him. 
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi was stunned to see him. 
Only then did he realize that he had invited Liang Liang over today. 
Liang Liang’s arrival also destroyed Li Tingtings last hope. 
‘Miss Li is suspected of theft. She needs to come with us to cooperate with our investigation,” Liang Liang said in a formal manner. 
Li Tingtings face turned pale. 
Li Tingting?s mother took a step fonvard.”Officer Liang, this This isn’t necessary, is it? Why did it have to be so serious? Besides, this is all a misunderstanding. Didn’t we make it clear that the gemstone was fake?” 
When Liang Liang heard this, he looked at Qiao Yiyi and Lu Qingtian.”lt depends on whether the victim wants to Sue us.” 
Li Tingting’s mother immediately turned to look at Lu Qingtian and walked up to her. “Qingtian, I’m begging you. On account of the friendship between our families, please don’t hold Tingting responsible this time, okay?” 
Li Tingting’s mother’s expression was very ugly when she said this. This was the first time she had ever begged someone like this. In front of Lu Qingtian, she would never be able to lift her head up again! 
Lu Qingtian was secretly pleased as she looked at the group of people in front of her. She sneered and said,” “1t’s fine if you don’t want me to hold you responsible, but you have to promise me one thing. ‘ 
“What?” 
“That is, don’t have any designs on our Lu nanze in the future. He’s already married and he’s not suitable for your Tingting. ” 
Saying this in front of so many people was really not giving Li Tingting any face. 
Moreover, Li Tingting’s love-struck image would be deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. 
Li Tingtings face paled at these words, and her eyes reddened as she couldn’t help but cry. 
She lowered her head and covered her face. Then, she turned around and ran out! 
Her reputation was damaged, and even if she couldn’t marry second brother in the future, she wouldn’t be able to find a good family!
###Chapter 1888 – She’S Crazy For Love (28) 
Seeing Li Tingting run out, Mrs. Zhang and Mr. Zhang beat each other up and left the banquet. 
The entire banquet finally came to an end. 
Although there were some unpleasantries in the middle, it was still considered a success. 
Lu Qingtian and Qiao Yiyi sent the guests off one by one. 
After the last one left, the two of them heaved a sigh of relief. 
Lu Qingtian turned to Qiao Yiyi and said,””I’m going to follow up with the hotel manager. You can go to the hospital to look after Nan ze and get some rest.” 
Qiao Yiyi felt warm inside and nodded. 
This Lu Qingtian might look tough, but she was actually very meticulous. 
The two of them had a long day, and Lu Qingtian was even more tired than her, but she still let her rest first. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes. She didn’t know how to explain the day she disappeared, so she might as well leave Lu Qingtian. 
Hence, she walked in the direction of the parking lot. 
Halfway there, she suddenly realized that one of her earrings had fallen off. 
She thought about it and realized that it must have fallen off when she was tidying her hair in the bathroom. Hence, Qiao Yiyi asked the Butler to wait while she went back to get the earrings. 
With her head lowered, she walked step by step. As the hotel was carpeted, her footsteps were silent. When she reached the bathroom, she suddenly heard two voices from the corner. 
“Brother Liang, how can you be so cold to me? Don’t forget, we’re getting married soon! If I say that the wedding photoshoot is not good, can’t you take some time to go to Hainan with me for the photoshoot? I only want to go to Hainan now, not go abroad!” 
It was Bai Anan. 
Qiao Yiyi froze and stopped in her tracks. 
Then she heard Liang Liang’s voice.”Anan, stop it. So many things have happened recently. Let’s shoot somewhere nearby. We’ll have to take at least three days off if we go to Hainan.” In Suzhou, we only need to take a day off. ” 
“Brother Liang! This is a marriage, and you actually find it troublesome? What’s wrong with taking three days off? Is work more important, or am I more important?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. After a while, he said , “”They’re both important to me. 
This sentence made Bai Anan almost break down! Do you not care about me at all? do you not like me?” 
Liang Liang frowned. “Everything is fine. Why are you saying this again?! 
Bai Anan bit her lip.”VVhen you like someone, you will always give her what she wants the most. You will want to give her the best in the world!” You said that you can shoot with me anywhere and there’s no need to strive for perfection, but what if the person you’re marrying is wuhen? Do you want to give her the best?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. 
He seemed to think for a moment before he said, “”1s there any use in saying all this now? We are the ones getting married now, not wuhen …” 
“That’s right, there’s only wuhen in your heart, where have I been! You only like that B * tch! You even married me for her, for her!” Qiao Yiyi, who was standing in the corner, was stunned. 
She raised her head abruptly. 
Liang Liang married Bai Anan for her
For what
Just as he was thinking, he heard Liang Liang shout angrily, “”Bai Anan!” 
“What, are you angry from embarrassment? don’t think that I don’t know about your deal with my father! I know everything, I know it very clearly. You did it just to …” 
[PS: guess what Liang Liang’s deal is?] I’ll see you tomorrow–muacks!
###Chapter 1889 – She’S Crazy For Love (29) 
“Enough!” Liang Liang shouted, stopping Bai Anan from continuing. 
Liang Liang stared at her and said,”Bai Anan, you will only embarrass everyone if you say something like that. You should be careful!” 
After saying this, he turned around and left. 
However, when he turned around, he saw Qiao Yiyi standing behind him. 
For some reason, Liang Liang’s heart skipped a beat. He felt like he had been caught. 
He frowned. 
Then, he walked out. 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at Bai Anan and saw the tears in her eyes. She was stunned, but then she took a deep breath and lowered her head. 
His rationality finally returned. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t care about Bai Anan’s appearance. She just turned her head to look at Liang Liang, who was walking out. After thinking for a while, she followed her. 
Bai Anan stood where she was without moving. 
Liang Liang walked out in frustration. When he reached the underground parking lot, he noticed someone behind him. He turned around and was surprised to see Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi took a step forward. “Bai Anan just said that you married her for wuhen?” What’s going on?’ 
Liang Liang frowned and stared at her. 
It was actually very impolite for a woman to suddenly come over and ask such a question. 
He was also disgusted, but for some reason, he couldn’t bear to scold wuhen when he asked this question. 
He just pursed his lips and ?Lu, it seems like all of this has nothing to do with you.” 
After he said this, he strode forward. 
However, she had only taken two steps when she heard Qiao Yiyi say,”lf you don’t tell me, I’ll tell wuhen that you got married for her. Can you guess her reaction?” 
This sentence made Liang Liang stop in his tracks. He turned around abruptly and a fierce look flashed in his you dare!” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him.”You can try and see if I dare to.” 
Liang Liang frowned and stopped talking. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed.”What’s going on
Liang Liang wasn’t a vain person at all. How could she compromise with director Bai for her own control? so she thought there must be some secret behind it. 
However, she did not expect that in the end, it was still because of her. 
There was no longer any entanglement between her and Liang Liang. ed. 
She couldn ‘t bear Liang Liangs feelings. 
Therefore, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t let Liang Liang sacrifice himself for her. 
She was in love with Lu nanze now. Liang Liang’s love for her was too heavy for her. 
At the thought of this, she became even more determined.”Are you going to tell me or not? If you don ‘t, I’ll have to ask wuhen. ” 
Liang Liang strode to Qiao Yiyi and grabbed her arm.”Come with me.” He said. 
Qiao Yiyi followed him and got into his car. 
He sat in the driver’s seat while she sat in the front passenger’s seat. Both of them looked ahead and no one spoke for a while. 
After a long time, Liang Liang finally broke the silence, “I’m sorry, wuhen.” Qiao Yiyi froze and turned to look at him. 
Liang Liang stared at the front, his eyes filled with despair and regret, but more so with nostalgia,”wuhen had great hopes for me back then. Although she had never said it, I could sense her determination and hope to turn black into white. I was her only hope, but I didn’t choose to believe her.. “
###Chapter 1890 – She’S Crazy For Love (30) 
“For that mission, we were busy for two whole months. In the end, the theft plan was arranged by her. It was simply flawless. “She put in so much effort for this opportunity, but in the end, because of me and Bai Anan’s jealousy, it resulted in such a result … Her mother is still in a state of life and death in order to save her, and she has been pursued by the police for almost half a year. I can’t help but feel sad when I think about how she has been forced to live in the dark like a mouse in the past six months. At the end of the day, I’m the one who has let her down. I’m the one who has treated her badly.” And now, this is the only thing I can do for her. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was moved by Liang Liangs words. 
It was her obsession and insensibility that caused her mother’s current situation. 
In fact, Liang Liang couldn’t be blamed for all these things. ed. 
It was her own unwillingness. It was her who wanted to turn black into white. That was why it was like this. 
Thieves and the police were natural enemies. Why was she so obsessed that she had to trust a police officer
While Qiao Yiyi was in a daze, she heard Liang Liang say, ” “So, can you please not tell her about what happened today? I know that it’s impossible between me and wuhen. This is the last thing I can do for her.” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at him. ” What did you do for her? ” 
Liang Liang was silent for a while and then said, ” ” I married Bai Anan, and the police made her a supernumerary personnel. From now on, I don ‘t have to run away from the police anymore. I don’t have to live in the dark like a rat anymore. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She never thought that Liang Liang would do this for her. 
It was her wish to become an honorable citizen. It was her dream to be able to live under the sun and be fearless. 
And now, all of this was about to be realized. 
Was it worth it to sacrifice Liang Liang’s marriage
She stared at Liang Liang and couldn’t speak for a while. 
Liang Liang saw her expression and explained with a bitter smile, “”1’11 never fall in love with anyone else in my life. It doesn’t matter who I marry. Bai Anan 
I’ve known her for so many years. Marriage is nothing to me. ” 
Liang Liang opened the car door and walked to the other side of the car. He opened the car door for Qiao Yiyi.”Okay, Mrs. Lu, I’ve told you the truth. Can you keep my secret?” 
Qiao Yiyi, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, glanced at Liang Liang when she heard his words. 
She paused, pursed her lips, and said,” “Do you know that your actions are very stupid?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered. ‘You think that by sacrificing your own happiness for someone else, you can let wuhen live a happy life? She’ll find out about this sooner or later. How will she feel when she finds out?” 
Liang Liang clenched his jaw. 
Qiao Yiyi got out of the car and looked at him. ‘Wuhen wanted freedom, but she didn’t get it this way!” Liang Liang, do you know what you are doing?!” 
“1f I were wuhen, I would think that you’re using this method to make her unable to live in peace for the rest of her life!” 
[Author’s note: I have a friend coming today. On the way to the airport to pick her up, I wrote 2000 chess pieces. I’ll update the rest when I get back tonight..] Muah muah!
###Chapter 1891 – She’S Crazy For Love (31) 
Liang Liang’s pupils shrank. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything else and left. 
As she walked, she was deeply shocked. 
Her last sentence was to persuade Liang Liang. She knew that Liang Liang didn’t mean it that way. 
Liang Liang really wanted to make a sacrifice for her. If she wasn’t Qiao Yiyi, she would never know this secret. 
She was just a little angry. 
If he had known that this day would come, why didn’t he believe her back then
Qiao Yi’s tears rolled down her face as she walked. 
She didn’t know what she was crying about, but she felt a little sad and helpless. 
Or perhaps, this was the first time she had cried for the love that had passed away. 
However, after two drops of tears, she immediately sorted out her emotions. 
She took a deep breath. She knew that Liang Liang wouldn’t cancel the decision just because of her words. 
Liang Liang was willing to completely lose his freedom and be imprisoned in that marriage for her freedom, but she couldn’t accept this friendship. 
Even if he had let her down in the past, they had broken up, so the past was in the past. 
Because in love, there was no right or wrong. It could only be said that he loved in the wrong way and did not love deeply enough. 
But now, they were already outside of love. 
Therefore, she had to stop this marriage. 
However, how could he stop this marriage
Qiao Yiyi thought about it and decided to ask Lu nanze. 
He wanted to ask if he had any ideas. 
As she thought of this, she heard the Butler’s voice.””Madam? Where are you, Madam?” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She turned around and saw the Butler rushing over. When he saw her, he jumped in shock. 
The Butler immediately asked, “Madam, what are you doing here?” I’ve searched the entire venue for you!” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
The Butler looked into her eyes and noticed that she was not in a good mood. He asked, ” “Madam, what’s wrong
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath and shook her head. “1’m fine. Let’s go back first.” Perhaps she was a little worried about Lu nanze being alone in the hospital. 
Even though she was injured and needed to rest in the villa, she still wanted to visit Lu nanze at the hospital and talk to him. 
When the Butler heard this, he nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi got into the car and walked to the hospital with the Butler. 
When they arrived at the hospital, Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath to calm herself down. Then, she entered Lu nanze’s ward. 
Lu nanze was still asleep. 
After asking the caretaker, she found out that he had been awake for a long time and had just fallen asleep because he was tired. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed. Why was it so difficult to find an opportunity to talk to him about her identity
Just as she thought of this, she saw a housekeeper carrying a box and walking solemnly to the Butler.”Sir asked me to pass this to you. He asked you to keep it well.” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she turned her head and saw that the box contained the ginseng she had stolen from the Xu family. 
Lu nanze’s body was weak at the moment and it was not suitable for him to take such a nourishing supplement. Hence, he should indeed store the ginseng well and wait for a period of time before using it to recuperate. Hence, Qiao Yiyi didn’t think much of it when she saw it..
###Chapter 1892 – She’S Crazy For Love (32) 
After the Butler left with the ginseng, Qiao Yiyi lay down on the sofa. 
The fatigue and discomfort in her body made her fall asleep very quickly. 
She didn’t know how long she had slept, but she was woken up by the sound of people talking. 
Qiao Yiyi opened her eyes in a daze and heard a magnetic and domineering voice.”So, what does Mr. Lu plan to do?” 
This voice … 
Qiao Yiyi immediately sat up straight! 
She turned her head and saw that Xu mushen was sitting in the ward. She didn’t know when he had been there. 
His back was facing her as he sat on the chair. His entire body was filled with a strong sense of oppression, making the entire room seem a little more solemn. It also made people’s breathing unconsciously slow down. 
Mr. Xu … How did he find this place! 
I’m finished! 
It must be that traceless’s theft had been exposed! 
But how did Mr. Xu know that Lu nanze had sent wuhen
As she was thinking, she heard Lu nanze’s weak but strong voice  don’t know what Mr. Xu means by this.” 
Xu mushen didn’t say much.”You don’t admit that you used wuhen?” 
Lu nanze looked down and did not say anything. 
“1f that’s the case, I’ll have to issue an arrest warrant for wuhen,” Xu mushen said. 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze immediately said,””lt’s me. This matter has nothing to do with her. ” 
Xu mushen squinted his eyes and said after a while,””l wonder why Mr. Lu is so interested in our ginseng
Lu nanze thought about it for a moment before he replied,””Because of my injuries.” 
Xu mushen lowered his eyes.”Taking without asking is stealing. Mr. Lu, don’t you know the law?” 
Lu nanze sighed and  want to buy it, but will Mr. Xu sell it?” 
Xu mushen shook his head.”l won ‘t.’ 
Lu nanze looked at him very seriously and said,””So, I was forced to do this.” Xu mushen was speechless. 
Xu mushen stared at Lu nanze and said,””Then now, Mr. Lu, can you return the ginseng to its original owner
“1’ve already taken a bite. Do you want more
Xu mushen was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but chuckle to herself at Lu nanze’s shameless behavior. She had never expected him to have such a side to him. 
Xu mushen leaned back in his chair and stared at him. He continued,””l don’t want the ginseng anymore. What will Mr. Lu compensate me with?” 
Lu nanze narrowed his eyes and said,”since Mr. Xu is here to talk to me, I’m sure you’ve already thought about it. Why don’t you bring it up first?” 
“1 heard that your family has acquired a piece of land in the suburbs,” Xu mushen said. 
Lu nanze smiled wryly and said, “the price for that piece of land was very high. [ don’t think a piece of ginseng can be sold for such a high price.” 
Xu mushen narrowed his eyes.”A ginseng can’t be sold for that price, but the Xu family’s ginseng was stolen. Is the Xu family’s reputation worth it?” 
Lu nanze narrowed his eyes. 
After a moment, Lu nanze gritted his teeth and 
Qiao Yiyi felt her heart ache for him when she saw him like that. 
Now that Xu mushen had gotten what he wanted, he would not make things difficult for Lu nanze. He stood up and left. 
The arrogant man didn’t even look at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed. At that moment, her phone suddenly rang. A voice came from the other end.”Miss Qiao, there’s someone who would like to meet you.” 
[PS: who wants to see Qiao Yiyi?] See you tomorrow!
###Chapter 1893 – She’S Crazy For Love (33) 
Someone wanted to see her
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She asked the person on the phone,”Who are you?” 
The man sighed and said,”this is the hospital. Someone wants to see you before he dies. Would you be willing to come over?” 
Hospital
Someone was dying
Qiao Yiyi’s heart dropped. Could it be … 
It can’t be mom, right
Her mother had said that she would come and take her away. She told her to stay here and go abroad to see a doctor. 
However, he had been gone for half a year without any news. 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked when she suddenly received the call. 
She jumped up almost immediately and ran out.””Okay, which hospital are you from? I’ll be right there.” 
As soon as Qiao Yiyi said this, the other party spoke,”we’re xxxxx hospital.” 
It happened to be in a hospital not far from this one. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately nodded.”I’ll be there soon.” 
She hung up the phone and was already outside. 
Lu nanze was left in the room, looking at her back, deep in thought. 
Who had called her and made her so flustered
And looking at her . 
Lu nanze frowned. 
Qiao Yiyi left the house and couldn’t care about anything else. She found her sports car and drove it to the hospital a few kilometers away. She got out of the car and ran inside. 
She ran very fast and quickly rushed to the place that the person on the phone had told her. 
However, when she reached her seat, she suddenly stopped. 
He was a little anxious because he didn’t know what was going on, but now, looking at the scene in front of him Why did this look like the gynecology department
Even if her mother was sick, she shouldn’t be visiting the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department! 
This 
Qiao Yiyi stood in place, struggling with her decision. Just then, someone walked out of the operating room. When he saw Qiao Yiyi, he immediately walked over and looked at her. He hurriedly said, “You’re Qiao Yiyi?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded, dumbfounded. 
The man spoke again, “then quickly follow me.” The patient doesn’t have much time left. ” 
Then, he grabbed her hand and dragged her into the operating room. 
Qiao Yiyi was dumbfounded as she followed the nurse into the operating room. Then, she saw A newborn baby lying beside the operating room. 
On the bed, there was a woman with a pale face. 
She was extremely thin, and her entire person exuded a kind of defeated aura. Just by looking at her, one could tell that she did not have long to live. 
At this moment, she seemed to be holding her breath, waiting for Qiao Yiyi’s arrival. 
However, under such circumstances 
Qiao Yiyi turned to look at the nurse and couldn’t help but ask, “You guys, did you find the wrong person
The nurse furrowed her eyebrows. “Aren’t you Qiao Yiyi?” 
Qiao Yiyi was taken aback and nodded.”lt’s me.” 
“That’s you,” 
“But do you know that there are more than a hundred people called Qiao Yiyi in Suzhou? I don’t even know the woman on the bed!” 
The nurse frowned.”l’m not too sure about that. She gave me your number, so I called her.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned again. 
At that moment, the person on the bed seemed to have finally noticed the people in the room. She slowly turned her head. When she saw Qiao Yiyi, her eyes lit up. She ?Lu, you may not know me. I’m Qiao Yiyi..”
###Chapter 1894 – She’S Crazy For Love (34) 
Qiao Yiyi
Qiao Yiyi was stunned, but she quickly reacted. 
This was the Qiao Yiyi who had been engaged to Lu nanze and left him with no choice but to marry someone with the same name. 
But, how did she become like this
Wasn’t she in jail
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and stared at her in shock. She couldn’t believe it. 
Qiao Yiyi smiled and struggled to sit up. 
“You can’t do it …” The nurse immediately said. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the nurse and said,”will he live if he doesn’t do it?” 
The nurse immediately did not dare to say anything. 
That’s right, this person was not going to live anyway. 
She had lost a lot of blood during labor, and it was impossible to stop it now unless her uterus was removed. 
However, this woman didn’t want to live anymore, so she didn’t sign the operation form no matter what. Only death was waiting for her. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t care about this at all. Instead, she looked at Qiao Yiyi and said,””You should know who I am, right?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at her warily.”Why did you ask me to come
Qiao Yiyi laughed. 
She stared at Qiao Yiyi.”You look like you’re happy with Lu nanze.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and frowned. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but narrow her eyes.” I called you here for nothing else but to tell you something before I die.” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at her. “1 think you don’t have to say these things.’ 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head and said, “as the saying goes, when a person is about to die, his words are also kind. I want to tell you this because I don’t want to see you lose your heart and your body, and end up like me!” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her gaze and said,”l’d advise you not to fall for Lu nanze in this lifetime. 
“Because his heart is made of stone. In this world, Qiao Lian is the only one who has ever walked into his heart. In his heart, there is only Qiao Lian. You will never be able to replace her in his heart. You can even say that even if you want to occupy one-tenth of his heart, he will not give it to you. ” 
“After Qiao Lian got married, he became a heartless person.” 
After Qiao Yiyi finished speaking, she pointed at the baby and said,””Did you see that? This is his son, but he has never admitted it. When I gave birth and called him over, he never came His heart is made of stone!” 
At this point, Qiao Yiyi could not help but tear up.”l hate him I’ll hate him for the rest of my life What did I do wrong? I just love him. I just love him . 
“But He treated me like this 
When she said this, her spirit was already a little scattered, as if the words she had just said were all said before her death. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at her in shock. She watched as she slowly closed her eyes with tears in them. 
The last thing she said in this world was,”l advise you not to be moved.” 
When she said this, her expression was ferocious. 
Compared to when he died, he probably had a strong sense of unwillingness. 
Qiao Yiyi stood in the operating room and looked at Qiao Yiyi. 
She couldn’t describe what kind of feeling she was having. 
She looked at this woman, who had been crazy for love her entire life. She watched her walk to the end, watched her close her eyes, and her words rang in her ears.”ln his heart, there has only been Qiao Lian..”
###Chapter 1895 – Chapter 1895: She’S Crazy For Love (35) 
Qiao Yiyi walked out of the operating room. 
After a while, she saw the nurse pushing Qiao Yiyi, who had a white cloth covering her, out of the room. She then walked towards the mortuary. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there and couldn’t help but ask the nurse,”what happened to the child?” 
“Oh, under normal circumstances, we’ll send this child to an orphanage.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Before Qiao Yiyi passed away, she had not said anything about this child. She must have been a cruel mother. 
Qiao Yiyi was definitely not a Saint. No matter what had happened between Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi in the past, she couldn’t possibly take the initiative to take the child back. 
After all, it was Lu nanze’s own business whether he wanted the child or not. 
Moreover, if he brought the child back, he would be the one who would be embarrassed. 
Qiao Yiyi was just a stranger to her. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t think too much about her. 
He just felt a little uncomfortable in his heart. 
Qiao Yiyi looked up at the sky after she left the hospital. 
It was gloomy, just like her mood at this moment. 
She couldn’t help but wonder what love was, how could it make people go crazy to this extent. 
But then, she felt that she was overthinking it. 
She shook her head. W”hy was he thinking so much at such a young age
Just as she was hesitating, not knowing where to go, her phone rang. 
She picked up the phone and answered the call. “Where are you?” Lu nanze asked. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
“1’m not anywvhere. What’s wrong?”she asked after a while. 
Lu nanze was silent for a moment before he said, “ I’m fine. 
Then, he hung up the phone. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and looked at the strange phone call. She couldn’t help but shake her head. 
When Qiao Yiyi returned to the hospital, Lu nanze’s ward was busy. 
Lu nanze seemed to be in much better health today, so he was handing over some work matters. 
When Qiao Yiyi walked into the ward, a few assistants and the manager of the company were standing in front of him. He was giving them some instructions. 
When they saw Qiao Yiyi, they paused for a moment. Then Lu nanze continued to give instructions without stopping. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything. She just sat down on the sofa. 
She couldn’t help but look at Lu nanze. 
She wasn’t suspecting Lu nanze, but Qiao Yiyi had just died. Why didn’t he have any reaction
She didn’t know what to say. Qiao Yiyi should be happy that Lu nanze had no feelings for her. 
But at the same time, a trace of panic emerged in her heart. 
If he could be so cruel to Qiao Yiyi, whom he had grown up with, what about her
How true was he to wuhen
Thinking of this, he suddenly felt that he had thought too much. 
She was simply too pretentious. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but lower her head and smile bitterly. 
After Lu nanze had given his instructions, the assistants left. 
As soon as the assistants left, the Butler came in. Just as he was about to say something, he turned his head and saw Qiao Yiyi. He immediately stopped. 
“Go ahead, ” Lu nanze said directly. 
” I just received a call that Qiao Yiyi has passed away due to difficult labor,” the Butler said. She gave birth to a daughter before she died. Now, the hospital wants to send the child to an orphanage. Sir What do you think we should do? Do you want to bring the child back, or
###Chapter 1896 – She’S Crazy For Love (36) 
Qiao Yiyi immediately perked up her ears to listen. 
She saw that Lu nanze looked hesitant. 
The Butler looked at her and sighed. 
Lu nanze was silent for a moment before he said,””Just bring the child back and find someone to raise him.” 
When the Butler heard this, he looked at Lu nanze and was silent for a while before nodding. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip when she heard this. 
If Lu nanze did not bring the child back, she would think that he was a little heartless. 
However, he had really brought her back … 
However, she felt a little strange. 
Just as she was thinking, Lu nanze raised his head and saw that she was peeking at him. He immediately frowned. 
– 
Lu nanze was actually very conflicted. 
He didn’t know how to face Qiao Yiyi. 
He realized that he didn’t know if the person he liked was wuhen or Qiao Yiyi. 
And now … 
Wuhen had stolen the ginseng for him, so he must have paid a huge price. 
That night, although Wu Hen didn’t say anything, he could tell from Wu hen’s expression that he was in pain. He must have been injured. 
His injuries should be quite serious. 
However, Wu Hen didn’t know that he had sex with Qiao Yiyi. 
He really did not know how to face Wu Hen. 
Qiao Yiyi 
He had originally planned to dismiss her with money, but at this moment, looking at her, he couldn’t bring himself to say those harsh words. 
He pursed his lips and wanted to say something, but he didn’t know what to say. So, for a moment, the ward was so aWkvvard. 
Outside the ward. 
The Butler walked out and there was someone waiting outside. 
“Bring the child back,” the Butler said. “Find a place and a few people to take care of him.” 
Hearing this, the man immediately nodded. 
The Butler sighed and said, “after all, Sir has a good subordinate. The child’s father died because of Sir, so Sir has to keep this child for him.” 
As soon as he said that, the man immediately nodded and turned to leave. 
The Butler looked at his back and sighed. 
Qiao Yiyi, Oh Qiao Yiyi! 
Just based on what you’ve done to Sir, it’s not enough to regret even if you die ten thousand times. 
“But you’re so lucky that Sir’s assistant took a fancy to you. After sleeping with her so many times, you actually got her pregnant …” 
Later on, the assistant was punished by Sir for saying something he shouldn’t have said. In the end, he died in a foreign land because of some matters. n?ea. 
Ever since then, Sir had felt somewhat guilty towards him. 
But in the end, the child was innocent. 
It could be considered as leaving him an heir. 
Thinking of this, the Butler couldn’t help but shake his head and turn back to the ward. 
As soon as he entered the ward, he noticed a strange silence in the ward. 
The Butler cleared his throat and walked over to Lu nanze. 
Qiao Yiyi knew that Lu nanze was feeling a little awkward, so she stood up and said,”l’ll go out for a while.” 
After saying this, he walked out. 
After saying this, he walked out. 
But just as she reached the door, she heard Lu nanze say , “ Where did you put that ginseng
“1t’s in the safe at home,” the Butler said.”Don’t worry, Sir.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and continued walking. 
However, she had only taken two steps when she suddenly heard Lu nanze’s voice behind her.””Send that ginseng to the Shen family in Beijing for Lian 
Lian.” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she was dumbfounded. 
He What did he just say
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow– ]
###Chapter 1897 – She’S Crazy For Love (37) 
The Shen family in Beijing?аd. 
Lian Lian
Wasn’t the Shen family Shen liangchuan’s home? so this Lian Lian was referring to Qiao Lian
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank and she turned around. 
She saw Lu nanze leaning against the headboard, his expression grave. 
The Butler seemed to be a little surprised. After a short pause, he said,””Sir, your current body needs that ginseng to nourish it … And this ginseng was exchanged for a piece of land! This … This is too valuable … You should keep it for yourself … Besides, miss wuhen risked her life to steal it for you, you …” 
“Shut up,” he said. Lu nanze cut the Butler off with a single word.”I told you to go, why are you wasting your breath?!” 
The Butler’s words were stuck in his throat. 
He looked at Lu nanze, wanting to say something, but Lu nanze’s expression made him unable to speak. 
In the end, he could only hang his head.”Yes, sir. I’ll go now.” 
After he finished speaking, he walked towards the door. 
Qiao Yiyi stood at the door, staring at Lu nanze. 
She didn’t know what she should be feeling at this moment. She didn’t know what she should say or do. 
Her mind was blank, and for some reason, Qiao Yiyi’s words kept ringing in her ears. 
“He only has Qiao Lian in his heart …” 
“Don’t be moved by him …” 
She widened her eyes and didn’t know what to do. 
She didn’t know how to deal with those feelings. 
It wasn’t easy for her to fall in love with someone. For him, she was willing to risk her life. As thieves, they had always flattered the principle that if they failed in stealing, they shouldn’t leave themselves behind. 
That day, Mr. Xu had clearly said that as long as she put the ginseng down, he would not hold her responsible. 
However, she was still hugging the ginseng tightly. 
But now, it seemed that those actions and actions looked so ridiculous. 
It was so Unnecessary. 
She stood there as if she had been splashed with a basin of cold water. 
She had actually planned to tell Lu nanze that she was wuhen. 
So that he wouldn’t be so embarrassed and conflicted when he saw her. But now it seemed 
She didn’t even knowwhat she was thinking. She just stood at the door, not knowing where to go. 
The Butler walked to the door and saw Qiao Yiyi standing there. He was stunned for a moment before he said,”Madam?” 
Qiao Yiyi came back to her senses. 
She turned to look at the Butler and saw him standing there , looking at her in confusion. 
From the Butler’s point of view, Madam definitely didn’t know about ginseng or not. Hence, she stood there and stared at Sir in a daze, looking a little strange. 
Qiao Yiyi finally came back to her senses when she heard the Butler’s voice. 
She nodded at the Butler, then turned around and walked out of the ward. 
She walked out of the ward and went to the garden of the hospital. She found a chair and sat down. 
She looked ahead in a daze, not knowing what she was thinking or doing. 
Qiao Yiyi’s despair before her death, as well as Li Tingting’s words, kept flashing through his mind. 
She shook her head and wanted to wave those words away. However, she realized that those words had already taken root and sprouted in his heart. 
In fact, she still felt that Lu nanze preferred Qiao Lian. 
After all, she had once seen Lu nanze in so much pain for Qiao Lian..
###Chapter 1898 – She’S Crazy For Love (38) 
As she sat there, some memories that had slowly faded appeared clearly in her mind. 
She thought back to the time when he had gone to Qiao Lian’s wedding. She thought back to the night when he had returned, the man who had always been calm and composed had drunk too much and had been crying. 
She thought back to the time when Qiao Lian had slipped while carrying a big belly. He had rushed into the bathroom in agitation and pushed her away, causing her injured waist to be further injured. 
His concern and consideration at that time was an instinctive reaction from the body. 
She suddenly thought of something … 
In fact, Lu nanze had long wanted her to steal the ginseng from the Xu family. 
Oh, right. 
Qiao Lian had lost a lot of blood during her pregnancy and her body was weak. She really needed this kind of ginseng to nourish her body. 
So, before she had met Lu nanze, he must have already thought about it. 
Later on, Lu nanze had saved her so that she could steal the ginseng. 
Why did she suddenly get the cart before the horse
So, what was there to be sad about
As wuhen, she owed him a favor. 
Even though she tried to comfort herself, she still felt a dull pain spreading from the bottom of her heart to her limbs. It made her feel as if she was suddenly surrounded by cold air 
There were many people in the garden, including the elderly, children, patients, and nurses, but she felt a strange sense of loneliness. 
This was the first time she felt so lonely after leaving her mother. 
At this moment, she suddenly missed her mother very much. 
She really, really wanted to. 
She sat there quietly, her blank eyes like a newborn child, at a loss of what to do. 
Then, she suddenly thought of something and stood up. 
What was she thinking about alone
If there’s anything, can’t we just talk it out face to face
So, she strode straight to the ward. 
However, when she reached the door, she suddenly stopped. 
If she was going to question Lu nanze, then what identity should she use
As soon as she had this thought, she took a step back. 
‘Madam? What are you doing here? Is there a problem? You can go in 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she didn’t say anything. She just turned around and ran out. 
Her sports car was parked not far away. 
She entered her sports car and changed into wuhen’s clothes. 
She didn’t care that it was broad daylight. She just put on her mask and ran straight to Lu nanze’s ward. 
She wore a black night suit and walked in the hospital with an inexplicable sense of solemnity. Although the people around her felt that she was very strange, no one dared to say anything and just stared at her. 
Qiao Yiyi strode over to Lu nanze’s ward. 
She stopped at the door for a while. 
She didn’t know why she had come to see Lu nanze or why she had used wuhen’s identity to question him. 
However, she had to follow her heart and not let Lu nanze know that Qiao Yiyi was wuhen. 
If 
If they wanted to break up, she didn’t want to let Lu nanze know that the weak Qiao Yiyi who had once lived in their house was her , wuhen. 
If she wanted to leave, she would leave without leaving a trace. 
Then, she stopped at the door of the ward, took a deep breath, pushed the door open, and walked in..
###Chapter 1899 – She’S Crazy For Love (39) 
The door to the ward opened. Lu nanze looked up when he heard the sound. 
When he saw that it was him, his eyes lit up slightly, revealing a sense of excitement. 
However, it immediately flickered with a feeling of guilt. 
Qiao Yiyi saw the look in his eyes and didn’t say a word. She walked straight up to Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze looked behind her. Seeing that no one was around, he frowned in confusion and asked,”why … Why are you here at this time?” What happened?” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and jabbed her chin. 
Just now, in a fit of anger, she had changed her clothes and ran over to find him. 
She had been holding it in, but now that she had seen him for herself, she suddenly didn’t know what to say. 
She stared at Lu nanze. Just as she was feeling conflicted, Lu nanze seemed to have understood something. He reached out and held her hand.”Are you worried about Mr. Xu?” Don’t be afraid, I’ve taken care of it, they wont find trouble with you Also, I didn’t have time to ask you about your injuries when we stole the ginseng last time. How are you
How are your injuries
He also knew that she was injured! 
He also knew that she was badly injured
An inexplicable sense of grievance welled up in her heart and Qiao Yiyi’s nose twitched. 
She tried her best not to show any emotion and just stared at Lu nanze. 
“I’m fine! She said after a while. 
Lu nanze frowned and said , “many of the Xu family’s bodyguards are retired Special Forces soldiers. They’re very good at fighting. Are you really fine?” 
He knew and understood everything. 
He knew that she had risked her life for that ginseng. 
Yet, he still gave it away so easily and gave it to another woman. 
Qiao Yiyi felt a lump in her throat. She stared at Lu nanze and said, “”Have you eaten the ginseng
As expected, Lu nanze’s eyes flickered when he heard this. 
He was silent for a moment before he said,””Yes, it’s in the safe at home. The doctor said that it’s better for me to use it after a while.” 
He could use it after a while. 
Qiao Yiyi found it funny, but she also felt relaxed. 
He was lying to her 
Was it because he also knew that she would be unhappy after knowing the truth
Or was it because He actually didn’t care about her at all, and the reason why he had been so good to her and even confessed to her was just because of that 
ginseng
She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly laughed. 
She nodded and then lowered her head. 
She didn’t know what she was thinking, but she forced down the warm tears in her eyes. 
When she raised her head again, her chin was slightly raised. 
She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly laughed. “Okay, I know. You must eat that ginseng well and get well.” 
Lu nanze nodded and said,”Don’t worry, I’m fine. But you 
Before he could finish, someone knocked on the door. The Butler came in nervously, “Sir, officer Liang Liang is here!” 
The Butler thought it was strange that wuhen had come to look for Lu nanze so openly. If it had been someone else, he could have stopped him. But it had to be 
Liang Liang 
He had to interrupt them. 
After all, if Liang Liang saw wuhen and Lu nanze together The Brotherhood between Liang Liang and Lu nanze would probably come to an end..
###Chapter 1900 – She’S Crazy For Love (40) 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze was taken aback. He looked at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi was staring at Lu nanze. 
Seeing Lu nanze’s reaction, she suddenly had an idea. 
Yes, she and Liang Liang used to be a couple. 
Lu nanze and Liang Liang were brothers. How could Lu nanze touch his brother’s girlfriend
So, how could Lu nanze really be interested in her
His confession back then was probably to get her to help him steal the ginseng. 
Even if Lu nanze had had this intention in the beginning and had fallen for her, he would not have given the ginseng that she had exchanged her life for to another woman. 
She stared at Lu nanze for a long time before she suddenly laughed. 
She smiled bitterly and continued,””In that case, I’ll take my leave.” 
Lu nanze nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at him, then walked to the window without hesitation. 
Just as she was about to capsize and leave, she suddenly stopped in her tracks. 
Lu nanze thought that she had something to say, but as he watched her leave, he saw that she did not turn around and simply jumped out of the room. 
Lu nanze’s heart also felt a little empty. 
He didn’t know why, but he had a feeling that he would never see her again. 
However, Lu nanze could not help but smile bitterly. 
How could he have such an idea
They had just gotten together. 
As soon as he had this thought, he looked up at the Butler.”You must not let her know about the ginseng.” 
The Butler hesitated for a moment and then nodded. 
Lu nanze lowered his head and thought for a moment. After a while, he said,””Find out where Qiao Yiyi is and get her to come over.” 
The Butler nodded again. 
However, looking at Mr. Lu’s expression, he suddenly knew what he might be up to. 
But was it really good to treat Madam like this
He heaved a deep sigh. He wanted to advise Lu nanze, but he knew that he was just a Butler. There were some things that he was not suited to say. 
The Butler turned around and walked out. 
Before she walked out, she saw Liang Liang enter the ward and heard his voice,”l know you are sick in bed, so I came to see you and To give you my invitation.” 
“1n a months time, I’ll hold my wedding with Bai Anan.” 
Qiao Yiyi had no idea what Lu nanze and Liane Liang were talking about. 
After she left the ward, she had hidden in her sports car. 
Then, she looked ahead with a dazed expression. 
Lu nanze wanted to give the ginseng to Qiao Lian He didn’t care about his own health 
So he had once liked Qiao Lian Or rather, he still liked Qiao Lian now. Had it gone to this extent
However, she liked him too. She liked him so much that she was Crazy. 
Even now, she felt as if her heart was soaked in cold water, but she still couldn’t bear to wait for his body to not return to how it was in the past. 
SO 
What else could she do now
She drove her sports car and left Suzhou for s city. 
The sky gradually darkened. 
She stared at the Xu family’s front door. 
The Xu family must have increased their vigilance after being robbed once. 
This time, it would be even more difficult for her to steal the ginseng than last time. 
But . 
In the end, Lu nanze had never done anything to let her down. 
He would use this last ginseng as their parting gift. 
[Author’s note: in the next half a month, there will be an Annual Meeting. I’m going to be out and about again. I’ll be updating at 4000 words. However, I’m afraid that my updates will be a little unstable over the next few days. I hope everyone can forgive me.] If you don’t like the slow updates, you can save your manuscripts for a few days and read them together. It’ll be more enjoyable that way–muah muah, see you tomorrow..

###Chapter 1901 – : Let’S Get A Divorce (1) 
When Qiao Yiyi came out of the Xu family’s house, she could barely walk. 
She staggered into the sports car and fainted. 
This time, the security of the Xu family was indeed stricter than last time. However, no one expected that the thief, Wu Hen, would come to steal the ginseng twice, so they were more relaxed. 
However, as the personnel relaxed, the mechanisms in the warehouse were strengthened. 
Her arm had been injured by the mechanism in the Xu family’s warehouse. A short arrow made of steel had pierced through her arm. 
In order not to make any noise and attract attention, she had to endure it and run out. 
However, when he got into the sports car, he couldn’t move anymore. 
– 
When she woke up again, it was already the next day. 
She opened her eyes in a daze and didn’t even know where she was. 
She looked at the place in front of her in a daze and felt the pain in her body. 
She bit her lip and forced herself to drive back to Suzhou. 
By the time she got back to Lu nanze’s Villa, her tight-fitting clothes were already drenched in sweat. 
She tore off her tights and forced herself to open the wound on her arm with a Imife. e?. 
The pain made her face as pale as a sheet of paper. 
She had never been in so much pain in her life. 
He had never been so seriously injured before. 
After she had treated the wound on her arm, she collapsed on the sofa. 
She sat there and rested for half an hour before her head felt less dizzy. She picked up her phone and turned it on, only to find that she had more than 20 missed calls. 
She was slightly taken aback. 
She lowered her head and looked at the missed calls. They were all from the Butler. Could it be That something big had happened at the hospital
Or had Lu nanze’s illness acted up again
She was suddenly invigorated. Then, she picked up her cell phone and called the Butler. 
As soon as the call was made, the Butler picked up and said,””Madam, where did you go the entire night? Sir has been looking for you all night!” 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows.”What happened?” 
Her voice was too weak, and the Butler caught it immediately. “Madam, are you not feeling well?” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t reply. 
The Butler didn’t care.”Madam, Sir wants you to come to the hospital today. 
Hurry.” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Although she didn’t know what had happened in the hospital, she still nodded and said,”okay.” 
She was afraid that Lu nanze’s condition would change.
###Chapter 1902 – Let’S Get A Divorce (2) 
She stopped at the entrance for a while before putting down her phone. 
Why did he call Lu Qingtian over
Lu Qingtian had come to keep an eye on Lu nanze so that he would not bully her. 
But now … Did the Butler think that she would let Lu nanze bully her
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and sneered. 
She was really dizzy and couldn’t walk. 
So, he called a car to pick her up. 
In the car, the taxi driver stared at her several times, wanting to say something but stopping. Qiao Yiyi thought to herself,’is her face that bad?’ 
At the thought of this, she took out her makeup bag, which was rare, and reapplied her makeup to make herself look much better. 
Then, she leaned against the car and fell asleep. 
After some time, the car arrived at the hospital. When she got out of the car, she slipped and felt dizzy before she could stand up straight. 
She grabbed her bag and walked into the hospital ward. 
When she entered the elevator , she was still a little flustered. 
She took a few deep breaths and drank a few mouthfuls of water before she could suppress the nauseating feeling and dizziness in her heart. 
Then, with much difficulty, he walked to the door of the ward. 
She stood at the door and freshened herself up before pushing the door open, pretending to be normal. 
She slowly walked in, but just as she took a step, she was instantly stunned. 
She raised her head and looked at the person who had suddenly appeared in the room in shock. 
The person was wearing a black suit and looked like a staff member. He was sitting on the sofa. When he saw her enter, he immediately stood up and nodded politely at her. Then, he continued to sit on the sofa.”He110i Mrs. Lu.” Qiao Yiyi frowned and looked at Lu nanze in confusion. 
Lu nanze, who was lying on the bed, had a grave expression on his face. She didn’t know what he was thinking about, but he didn’t look at her. It was as if he didn’t want to look at her, but also didn’t dare to. 
Qiao Yiyi turned around and looked at the man who had spoken. 
Seeing that Lu nanze was silent, the man had no choice but to introduce himself.””Mrs. Lu, it’s like this. I’m Mr. Lu’s private lawyer. I would like to discuss with you About the divorce.” 
A divorce
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. 
She jerked her head around and looked at Lu nanze again. 
Lu nanze was sitting on the bed, not saying a word. He was still looking into the distance. 
Qiao Yiyi felt as if an invisible hand was gripping her heart. She felt a dull pain. 
She had never expected that Lu nanze would call her to the hospital in such a hurry. Even though she could not even walk properly now, she had still come here because she was worried about his health. In the end, it was all to Find a lawyer and talk to her about the divorce
Her shocked expression made the lawyer frown, but he quickly relaxed. He looked at Lu nanze and continued,””lt’s like this, Mr. Lu would like to divorce you. He said that you can name any conditions you want, so can we sit down and discuss it now
He pointed at the seat opposite him and said to Qiao Yiyi,””Today, we’ve brought the template of the divorce agreement. If you’re satisfied with Mr. Lu’s compensation for you, then please sign in the blank space here..”
###Chapter 1903 – Let’S Get A Divorce (3) 
The divorce papers … 
He had to sign it today. 
Just how anxious was this Lu nanze
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and stared at the lawyer without saying a word. 
The lawyer misunderstood and thought that she was not satisfied, so he said,””Mrs. Lu, you can listen to Mr. Lu’s conditions first … He chose to give you 20 million Yuan and two houses in Suzhou. Are you satisfied with these?” 
20 million plus two houses … 
Ordinary people would definitely think that it was enough. 
But would Qiao Yiyi care about this little money
She stared at the lawyer, but she couldn’t hear what the lawyer was saying. Her ears were buzzing. 
She looked in Lu nanze’s direction. 
She did not speak, so the lawyer continued,””Mrs. Lu, are you not satisfied with this?” 
“If the money isn’t enough, we can increase it a bit more.” 
“As for the house, Mr. Lu still has a spare apartment. If you want it, I can give it to you.” 
“Mrs. Lu?” 
“Miss Qiao?” 
After the lawyer said this, he saw that Qiao Yiyi still didn’t say anything. She only stared at Lu nanze. 
The lawyer was helpless and could only say” “Mr. Lu . 
What he meant was,”say something. What should we do if miss Qiao is so uncooperative?” . om
When the lawyer called out ‘Mr. Lu’, Lu nanze finally reacted. He slowly turned his head and looked away immediately after meeting Qiao Yiyi’s eyes. 
He immediately lowered his eyes. “You’re not satisfied with these conditions
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head, a bitter smile on her lips. 
Not satisfied
How could he not be satisfied
She still remembered that Lu nanze had promised to give her a house and ten million in cash. Now, he had doubled the amount. Could it be because of the night she had slept with him
If it was because of this Then her one night was really worth a lot of money. 
Thinking of this, she laughed at herself again. 
Then, she lowered her head.”Do you think I should be grateful?” 
There was a hint of anger in her words, which made Lu nanze frown. 
Qiao Yiyi felt suffocated. 
Lu nanze had clearly lied to her. 
She was going to abandon Lu nanze. 
But now, why was Lu nanze the one who had initiated the divorce
She was not convinced She felt too aggrieved. 
Lu nanze’s jaw dropped. 
Before she could speak, Qiao Yiyi raised her head and sneered. ‘Wenve already slept together. Are you going to send me away with this little money
“Lu nanze, have you ever thought about what would happen if I’m pregnant right now?” 
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank at her words. His gaze fell on her stomach and he said in shock, “”You’re pregnant?” 
Qiao Yiyi burst out laughing.”l’m saying what if What if?” she asked. Even if you’re going to get a divorce, shouldn’t it be some time later and not now
Lu nanze understood what she meant and immediately frowned. “If I find out that you’re pregnant, I can hire the best obstetrician to perform drainage for you.” 
At this point, he seemed to have thought of something and said directly,””l don’t want this child, and you’re not allowed to have it.” 
If Qiao Yiyi gave birth to his child, how could he face wuhen
So, if Qiao Yiyi was pregnant, she definitely could not keep the child. 
However, when Qiao Yiyi heard these words, she felt a chill in her heart.
###Chapter 1904 – Let’S Get A Divorce (4) 
She had only made an analogy, but she had not expected Lu nanze to react in such a way. 
She stared at him in shock. She thought about how he could tolerate Qiao Yiyi’s child and bring him home, but how he treated her … 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists, feeling humiliated. 
At that moment, the door of the ward was suddenly opened. 
Both Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi turned around and saw the Butler standing there with his phone in his hand. He looked at Lu nanze hesitantly and said,”Sir, your phone …” 
Before she could finish, Lu nanze suddenly shouted,””Get lost!” 
The Butler was so frightened that he shrank his neck. 
Lu nanze bellowed,”Didn’t I tell you? don’t come to me for company matters today! I have something important to do here. ” 
He didn’t know why, but he felt extremely frustrated when he divorced Qiao Yiyi. 
Compared to the time when he had broken up with Qiao Yiyi and completely gotten rid of her, at this moment, he actually felt a little reluctant. 
However, Qiao Yiyi’s expression made him go crazy. 
When the Butler heard this, he was supposed to leave. 
However, he stood at the door and struggled for a while. In the end, he said weakly, “‘Yes, miss Qiao …” 
Lu nanze laughed coldly.”No miss, you …” 
Before she could finish her sentence, she suddenly reacted.”Are you talking about Lian Lian?” 
Even his voice had changed. 
The Butler nodded. 
Lu nanze fell silent. 
All the anger and frustration he had just now had disappeared. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and suddenly felt sad. 
Qiao Yiyi’s last words rang in his ears again, “he only has Qiao Lian in his heart 
That’s right. He had risked his life to save her back then. Later on, he had treated her so well and confessed his love to her Perhaps, he more or less liked her. 
She could feel that kind of love. 
But she didn’t want this kind of love. 
The love she wanted was pure, without any impurities. 
But now, she realized that no matter how much she struggled, Lu nanze would always like Qiao Lian more than he liked her Or rather, it was not just a little more, but a lot more 
Since that was the case, why was she still struggling? what was she unwilling to accept
She suddenly felt a sense of sadness. 
On the other hand, after Lu nanze heard the Butler’s words, he was silent for a moment. In the end, he reached out his hand and said,”give it to me.” 
The Butler walked up to Lu nanze and handed him the phone. 
Lu nanze took it from her and said,”Hello.’ 
Immediately, Qiao Lian’s voice came from the other end.”Second brother, did you give me the ginseng that was sent anonymously
Lu nanze was stunned. He paused for a moment before saying, “”No.” 
Qiao Lian was silent for a moment, then said, “”Thank you. I won’t go against my own body, so I’ll accept this gift. ” 
Lu nanze did not say anything and just hung up the phone. 
This was what he and his father owed Qiao Lian. 
The last bit of guilt he felt towards Qiao Lian had disappeared with the ginseng. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at his “reluctant” expression as he stared at his phone. She suddenly felt bored. 
He only had Qiao Lian in his heart. Since that was the case, what was there to be conflicted about
At the thought of this, she immediately took out the divorce agreement from the lawyer and signed it. 
Then, she walked out of the door. 
However, when she reached the door, she stopped in her tracks and turned around. She threw the ginseng in her bag to Lu nanze and said, “this is my parting gift for you.” 
Then, without looking back, he left the ward! 
[PS: see you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 1905 – Let’S Get A Divorce (5) 
After saying this, she turned around and left without hesitation. 
Lu nanze was stunned by her actions and stared at her in disbelief. 
A parting gift
They were clearly getting a divorce, so why did she say that it was a breakup gift
As soon as he thought of this, he stared at her back. 
Qiao Yiyi was clearly the one who had been abandoned, but she held her head high and straightened her back. 
It was a change from his usual cowardice. His back view made people feel that he was exceptionally noble. 
This Qiao Yiyi was not the Qiao Yiyi that Lu nanze knew. 
She wasn’t the submissive Mrs. Lu at home, nor was she the playful her. Instead, there was a sense of familiarity to her. 
It was like … 
Before Lu nanze could figure it out, he saw Qiao Yiyi’s figure disappear at the door. 
He didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt a strong sense of uneasiness in his heart. 
No, it wasn’t just uneasiness. His heart felt empty as if something important had disappeared. 
But what could he lose
He divorced her so that he could be with wuhen without any burden. 
He could only run towards his own happiness when they were divorced. 
However 
But what was the matter with the hole in his heart
He didn’t understand and didn’t want to understand. 
The lawyer had thought that he would be facing a big problem today. 
Mr. Lu had given them a lot of money. 
However, Mrs. Lu was Mr. Lu’S wife. If they wanted a divorce, it was understandable that Mrs. Lu wanted more. 
Moreover, when he saw Mrs. Lu’s appearance when she first entered the ward, it made him feel that there was a hard battle to fight. 
However, she never expected that Mrs. Lu, who had just kept her mouth shut and even had a strong attitude, would suddenly stand up as if she had changed into a different person. She readily signed the papers and Just left like thatr?d.＆nbsp;cm
Let’s go! 
The lanyer only felt that the words he had prepared hadn’t even been said, and the newly invented weapon hadn’t even been prepared, and she had already laid down her arms and surrendered! 
This was really He didn’t know how to put it. 
He had no choice but to walk up to Lu nanze and Lu, since Mrs. Lu has already signed, I’ll take my leave.” 
Lu nanze didn’t seem to have any reaction to her words. 
The lanyer?s heart skipped a beat. Could it be that he didn’t use much strength, so Mr. Lu was not satisfied
Or could it be that she had given Mrs. Lu too much, and Mr. Lu was not satisfied
At this thought, the lawyer quickly looked up and was about to explain himself when he saw Lu nanze staring at the door. He immediately ?Lu?” 
Lu nanze seemed to have snapped out of his daze. He hummed in acknowledgment and then looked at him. Frowning, he said, ‘”What’s wrong
His tone was clearly a little impatient. 
The lawyer immediately lowered his head.”l, I’m leaving.” 
Lu nanze nodded. 
The lawyer hurriedly packed up his documents and walked towards the door. 
When he reached the door, he heard Lu nanze call out to him, “wait a minute.” The lawyer turned around.”Mr. Lu, do you have any other orders?” 
Lu nanze frowned. He wanted to say something, but after looking at him for a while, he said nothing and only waved his hand. 
The lawyer immediately ran away. 
Lu nanze had no idea why he had stopped the lawyer. He only felt an inexplicable sense of panic as he watched the lawyer take away the signed divorce papers..
###Chapter 1906 – Let’S Get A Divorce (6) 
However, when he stopped the lawyer, he realized that he actually … Couldn’t bear to leave Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi’s face unconsciously flashed in his mind. He frowned and had no choice but to chase the lawyer away. 
How could he not bear to part with Qiao Yiyi
If he did this, he would be letting Wu Hen down. 
At this thought, Lu nanze took a deep breath and lowered his head to look at Qiao Yiyi’s final gift to him. 
He reached out and picked up the gift. 
It was an ordinary little box. He didn’t know what was inside, but it was light as if it had no weight. 
He picked it up and weighed it in his hand. Then, he stared at the gift and fell into a daze. 
This was Qiao Yiyi’s parting gift to him … 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t know that he would look for her to file for a divorce today. So, this gift was definitely not a breakup gift. Perhaps it was a gift from her
What could this gift be
As he thought of this, he picked up the box and prepared to open it. 
He opened the first one, but before he could open the second one, he stopped. 
Actually, was it worth it for him to see the gift that Qiao Yiyi had given him
What if he became even more reluctant to part with Qiao Yiyi after seeing her
He had realized that Qiao Yiyi and Wu Hen existed in his heart at the same time. He was going to kick Qiao Yiyi out of his life. He couldn’t have any more fantasies. 
As he thought of this, he lowered his eyes. 
At the same time, the Butler had just sent the lawyer away when he walked in again. 
Seeing Lu nanze staring at a broken box in a daze, she took a step forvvard and said, “Sir?” 
Lu nanze immediately threw the box to the Butler and said, “put it away. ” The Butler was stunned. He looked down at the box and said, “this is 
“It doesn’t matter what it is. What’s important is that I don’t want to see it. You can just put it aside.” 
The Butler didn’t understand, but he had never disobeyed Lu nanze’s orders. He nodded and left with the gift. 
After the Butler left, Lu nanze leaned back on the bed and stared blankly ahead. 
He tried his best not to think about his divorce with Qiao Yiyi. He started to think about the things that happened at the company today, dealing with them one by one. 
After a while, the door was opened and the caretaker walked in. “Sir, do you need to relieve yourself?” 
Lu nanze frowned and felt his body. He said subconsciously,””Let Madam help 
Before he could finish, he suddenly thought of something and immediately stopped the topic. 
He frowned and didn’t say anything. He reached out his hand and went to the bathroom with the help of the nurse. 
Why did he think of Qiao Yiyi again? this was not a good sign. 
But Qiao Yiyi had just left. It was possible that he was not used to life. 
So , it was actually nothing. 
At this thought, Lu nanze heaved a sigh of relief. 
After he entered the bathroom, he placed his hand on his pants and continued to say, “”Turn your head around.” 
As soon as he said this, he felt the person beside him freeze. 
He turned around and saw the nurse looking at him in surprise. 
The caretaker had been replaced by a man, so there was no need to avoid suspicion. 
But since Mr. Lu had requested it, he simply turned his head away. 
But when Lu nanze saw the male nurse , he was stunned..
###Chapter 1907 – Let’S Get A Divorce (7) 
Why did he feel like he was possessed by the devil
At that moment, he had thought that the person who had helped him to the washroom was Qiao Yiyi! 
This woman … 
Lu nanze immediately frowned. 
After he was done, he washed his hands and looked at himself in the mirror. Unconsciously, the image of Qiao Yiyi’s embarrassed look and even the look of disdain on her face appeared in his mind. 
At the thought of how he had deliberately put his hand in hers, for some reason, Lu nanze suddenly laughed. 
After laughing, he immediately stopped and stared at himself in the mirror. He felt that he had gone crazy. 
– 
After Qiao Yiyi left the ward, her straight back instantly became dispirited. 
She held onto the wall and felt her vision turning black. 
She had divorced Lu nanze. 
They were really divorced. 
This matter seemed to be an illusion, making her heart as cold as water. 
She tried her best to take two steps forward, but her vision went black and she fell straight to the ground. 
Just as she was about to hit the ground, her body was suddenly hugged by someone. 
Immediately, she fell into the arms of a man. 
She looked up in a daze and saw Liang Liang standing in front of her. 
She didn’t know why, but she felt relieved when she saw Liang Liang. She closed her eyes and passed out. 
When she woke up again, she was already in a private hospital. 
It was a different hospital from the one Lu nanze was in. 
She looked at the ceiling in confusion, unable to recall where she was. Until . 
The door of the ward was suddenly opened and Liang Liang walked in. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and suddenly remembered that she had touched Liang Liang before she fainted. 
Now, however 
She suddenly looked down at her body. She had changed into a patient’s gown, which meant that Liang Liang must have asked the doctor to check her body. 
Then Had Liang Liang already guessed her identity?a. 
As she was thinking about this, she saw Liang Liangs deep eyes. No one could tell what he was thinking. 
She stared at Liang Liang, only to see him suddenly sigh, take a step forward, and hand her the water.”lsn’t it just a divorce? Do you have to be so excited? Also, what’s with all these injuries on your body? Did he abuse you?” 
Domestic violence
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. So that was what the doctor and he thought
She quickly lowered her head and took a sip of water without saying a word. 
Liang Liang sighed again. “As far as I know, Lu nanze is not a violent person. So, what’s the reason for your injuries
Qiao Yiyi sighed. “1 I’m a flesh bag in the underworld. I earn money and collect betrothal gifts for my brother.” 
Everyone knew that the Qiao family needed money. 
Human sandbags were a survival skill in the underworld. 
That was to stand there and let people in a bad mood hit her. After venting some of their negative emotions, they would give her some money. 
Ordinary people didn’t know about this, but Liang Liang would definitely know. 
There was no other reason to explain her injuries. 
However, he didn’t know if this reason could fool Liang Liang. 
Thinking of this, Qiao Yiyi carefully observed Liang Liang again. She saw a flash of tenderness in his eyes.”l see..”
###Chapter 1908 – Let’S Get A Divorce (8) 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Liang Liang. She didn’t know if he believed her or not. 
But in fact, so what if he didn’t believe it
So what if he knew her identity
She was now sure that Liang Liang wouldn’t harm her. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and took a few sips of water. 
After she finished the water, Liang Liang ordered some food for her. She sat there after she finished the light porridge and side dishes. 
“What do you plan to do in the future?” Liang Liang asked. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes. Anyway, he gave me money and a house. How can I live?” 
Liang Liang narrowed his eyes when he heard this. 
She didn’t know why, but she suddenly felt a surge of anger.”Don’t you hate Lu nanze?” 
Qiao Yiyi thought of all the things that Lu nanze had done for Qiao Lian. She thought of the gentleness he had shown when he had spoken to Qiao Lian on the phone. She thought of how he had asked her to steal the ginseng. She thought of how he had used a piece of land in exchange for the ginseng 
She couldn’t help but smile. 
“Hate? Why did she hate him? Isn’t he doing a good job?” 
If you like someone, it’s for a lifetime. 
The person he would remember the most in his life would forever be Qiao Lian. 
Even if she, Qiao Yiyi, got together with Lu nanze, she could only be second in line. 
She didn’t expect anything in return for her love. She only had one request, and that was to be loyal. 
But Lu nanze had given his entire life to Qiao Lian. 
So, what was there to hate
She could get over her past feelings and even stop loving Liang Liang, but Lu nanze couldn ‘t. 
However, she didn’t expect that as soon as she said this with a bitter smile, Liang Liang suddenly stood up and said, “no, I can’t take this lying down. I have to find him!” 
After saying this, Liang Liang suddenly stood up and rushed out of the ward. 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked to see Liang Liang. She wanted to stop him but it was too late. 
She frowned and wanted to say something, but in the end, she just sighed and said nothing. 
Liang Liang sped all the way to the hospital. 
He rushed to Lu nanze’s ward. 
Lu nanze was resting in bed. He turned around and saw Liang Liang. 
He frowned and Liang Liang ran to him. “You divorced Qiao Yiyi?!” 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze couldn’t help but feel a strange emotion. 
She looked at Liang Liang. Why was he so angry that she had divorced Qiao Yiyi
He couldn’t help but frown and said,””What happened between us is related to you?” 
Liang Liang was immediately angry. “None of my business? Yes, it has nothing to do with me, I just can’t stand it! Do you know that for you, she …” 
Liang Liang couldn’t say what he wanted to do for you. 
He never knew that someone as proud as her would actually do so many things. 
But this man in front of her had let her down! 
He squinted his eyes, and for a moment, his heart ached so much that he couldn’t help it. 
He stared at Lu nanze and raised his fist, wanting to punch him. 
However, when she saw his legs and his pale face, she couldn’t bring herself to do it. She only said ?nanze, you’ll regret this one day!” 
With that, he turned and left, leaving Lu nanze alone in the ward. 
He looked at the Butler and suddenly scolded,””This is simply ridiculous!” 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow—]
###Chapter 1909 – Let’S Get A Divorce (9) 
Lu nanze frowned after he had finished scolding her. He couldn’t help but take a deep breath. 
After a long time, he finally said,””Tell me, how did Liang Liang know that I divorced Qiao Yiyi?” 
He knew what was going on the moment he heard this.”The lawyer definitely didn’t tell him, and my people wouldn’t spread such gossip. So, did Qiao Yiyi tell him?” 
“When did they become so close?!” in?. Coｍ
“This Liang Liang, don’t you know the saying that you can’t bully a friend’s wife?” 
“Do you think … They’re that close? Why would Qiao Yiyi tell him about this? What right does he have to fight for Qiao Yiyi?” 
Lu nanze had always been a man of few words, but at this moment, he was blabbering on and on, making his heart feel particularly unbalanced. At the same time, he felt that he was simply a lunatic. Why was he still dwelling on these things
He immediately frowned and waved his hand. Then he said,””I’m so unreasonable. Why am I still thinking about this?” 
After saying this, he lowered his head and continued to work on his documents. 
Seeing that Lu nanze had changed for the better, the Butler did not say anything more. Instead, he turned around and was about to leave when he suddenly heard Lu nanze’s voice behind him. “Do you think I’ve really Gone too far?” 
The Butler was stunned. 
He turned around and looked at Lu nanze in confusion. 
Lu nanze raised his head and said,”if I do this, am I letting Qiao Yiyi down?” The Butler was speechless. 
Mr. Lu, who had always been cruel and merciless, had always taken miss Qiao Lian by force. Now that he was suddenly reflecting on himself, he felt a strange sense of disharmony. 
The corners of his mouth twitched, and he couldn’t help but cough. He lowered his head. “Perhaps It seems like there’s something to it?” 
At these words, Lu nanze raised his head and looked at him sharply. 
The Butler immediately waved his hand. “No, after all, you gave Madam . Miss 
Qiao so much money. Consider it compensation.” 
However, Lu nanze did not expect to get even angrier at her words. “Is giving money compensation?!” Can some things be compensated with money?” 
The Butler was speechless. 
So, Sir, do you want me to say compensation, or do you really owe miss Qiao
The Butler was in a difficult position! 
He twitched his mouth and lowered his head.”Yes, yes, Mr. Lu, you’re right.” 
“Right, my ass!” Lu nanze scolded only know how to conform to others. You never have your own thoughts! Alright, you may leave!” 
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler was baffled and was scolded. But who asked Mr. Lu to be the one who said that? He could only walk out. 
Halfway there, she heard Lu nanze say,””Come back. ” 
The Butler stopped in his tracks and turned around.”Sir , do you have any other orders
“Find someone to go to the Qiao family to check on Qiao Yiyi. ” 
The Butler was stunned.”Ah? Are you going in Sir’s name?” 
Lu nanze immediately reached out and pointed at him.”You’re stupid! Of course not! I’ve already divorced her. What if she finds out that I’m going to visit her and pesters me again. 
The corners of the Butlers mouth twitched. He thought to himself, ‘you also know that you’ve divorced her!’ 
Then why are you still going to look at the thread! 
However, he couldn’t say this out loud. He could only silently swallow his anger and nod.”Yes, sir..”
###Chapter 1910 – Let’S Get A Divorce (10) 
After the Butler finished speaking, he continued to walk out. 
However, she had only taken two steps when Lu nanze called her back.”How do you plan to send people to check?” 
The Butler was speechless. 
When had Mr. Lu ever been worried about the Butler’s work
But today, he kept asking about it, which made him lose face! 
However, the Butler knew that he was in a dilemma at the moment, so he coughed and said,””I’ll find someone to pretend to be a delivery man and send the things over. Then, I’ll go in and see if the young lady is doing well and how she is now.” 
Lu nanze nodded in relief. 
After the Butler left, Lu nanze sat alone on the bed. For some reason, his heart felt empty. 
He lowered his head to look at the document, but he could not read the words on it. 
Feeling frustrated, he simply threw the document aside, took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and lay down on the bed. 
At first, she couldn’t fall asleep, but after an unknown period of time, she fell asleep in a daze. 
Lu nanze was woken up by the Butler. 
‘Mister?” 
Lu nanze opened his eyes at this voice. When he saw the Butler, he frowned and asked, “what’s wrong
The Butler immediately said,” I asked a delivery man to go to the Qiao family’s house to test the waters. Then, I discovered that Madam didn’t go home at all!” 
In his anxiety, the Butler had forgotten to change the way he addressed Lu nanze. Lu nanze, on the other hand, was so anxious that he sat up immediately. 
Because he had gotten up too quickly and his body had been weak during this period of time, his head was dizzy. However, he asked anxiously,””Then where is she?” 
The Butler coughed and lowered his head. “Yes, in the No. 3 hospital.” 
Lu nanze frowned. “Why would she be there?” 
The Butler sighed, “Madam left here and fainted due to sadness. Officer Liang 
Liang happened to see her, so he took her away and sent her to the hospital.” ?nd. ?m
Lu nanze heaved a sigh of relief at her words. He then understood why Liang Liang had come. He sighed and wonder Qiao Yiyi told Liang Liang about the divorce. It turns out that it’s because of this Since she’s in the No. 3 hospital, let’s go and see her.” 
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler wanted to say,”Sir, in what capacity are you going to watch?” 
However, when these words reached his mouth, he swallowed them down. 
It didn’t matter. Any-vvay, sir was a little pretentious. She had to let Sir realize that he liked Madam and forget about that wuhen. 
Thinking of this, the Butler couldn’t help but think that wuhen had gone to the Xu family to steal ginseng for Sir. Although he didn’t see the scene, he could imagine the hardships wuhen had to go through. 
So, if Sir and wuhen were together, it wouldn’t be a bad thing. 
But, Madam was also really very good. 
Al! 
Why couldn’t wuhen and Madam be the same person
Really! 
As the Butler thought about the past few years, he saw Lu nanze coming down from the bed. 
The Butler hurried to the side, pushed the wheelchair over, and helped Lu nanze into it. 
As Lu nanze was being pushed out by the Butler, he couldn’t help but wonder why Qiao Yiyi, who usually looked like a fierce little fox, had suddenly fainted. Could it be That he was really too sad?
###Chapter 1911 – She’S Actually Her (1) 
At the third hospital. 
When Qiao Yiyi woke up again, Liang Liang had already returned to the hospital. 
She opened her eyes and Liang Liang brought the porridge to her.””Eat more,” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Liang Liang lowered his eyes, hiding the emotions in his eyes, and then said,””It’s not easy to find a three-legged toad in this world, but there are plenty of two-legged men. You don’t have to be sad for that man. ” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she was stunned for a moment before she couldn’t help but laugh. 
She raised her head and looked at Liang Liang’s eyes. 
It seemed that Liang Liang had matured a lot after this incident. 
He was no longer as masculine as he used to be. He had become gloomier and calmer. 
He even knew how to say such comforting words. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded, then lowered her eyes and started to eat her porridge. 
The congee entered his mouth. It was soft, sticky, and sweet. It was very delicious. 
She couldn’t help but take a few more sips. 
“Lu nanze abandoned you,” Liang Liang said. ‘Elf you don’t mind, would you like to try it out with me?” ?ne?. ?ｍ
Qiao Yiyi pouted! 
Qiao Yiyi spat out the porridge in her mouth. 
She suddenly looked up at Liang Liang in disbelief. 
What did this guy just say
She had been with Lu nanze before! How could he say such words
While he was still in shock, Liang Liang smiled bitterly.”Don’t be so agitated. 
I’m just teasing you!” 
Qiao Yiyi finally came back to her senses. 
But! 
After the rice entered his windpipe, he couldn’t recover for a while, so he was still coughing violently. 
Liang Liang looked at her and thought of her shocked look just now. He was speechless. 
In her mind, in her world, there was probably no such thing as going back to someone you had already laid your hands on. 
That was why he was so shocked by what he said. 
He smiled wryly, then took out a tissue and handed it to her. He stood up and gently patted her back. 
This was the scene that Lu nanze saw when he arrived at the hospital. 
His pupils shrank, and for some reason, he pushed the door open and rushed in without a word. 
He stared at Liang Liang and Qiao Yiyi and said angrily, ‘”What are you guys doing?!” 
Hearing this, Qiao Yiyi raised her head. The moment she saw Lu nanze, her face turned red from coughing, but she still put on an air of resistance that kept people a thousand miles away. 
She stared at Lu nanze and did not speak for a moment. 
On the other hand, Liang Liang, who was patting Qiao Yiyi’s back, stopped. He put his hand down as if he didn’t see her and looked at Lu nanze.”What are you doing here?” 
Why was he here
Why can’t he come?! 
Lu nanze narrowed his eyes and looked at Qiao Yiyi.”l don’t think I need to report to officer Liang that I’m here to see my wife.” 
Liang Liang immediately sneered.”Are you still husband and wife? Have you signed the divorce papers
Lu nanze lowered his eyes. “As long as the normal procedures have not been completed, she is Mrs. Lu.” 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi and couldn’t help but ask, “Mrs.. Lu, we’ve only been divorced for a few hours and you can’t take it anymore? I’m telling you, under the law, you’re still my wife! Just based on your intimate actions just now, I can give you no money at all!”
###Chapter 1912 – She’S Actually Her (2) 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t know what to feel when she heard Lu nanze’s heartless words. 
She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly burst into laughter.”But Mr. Lu, you were the one who asked me to take care of officer Liang. So now, he’s taking care of me when I’m sick and injured. I don’t think he’s wrong, right?” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze suddenly remembered that he had made Qiao Yiyi stay with him for a long time to deal with Liang Liang. 
Did Qiao Yiyi take care of Liang Liang in the same way when she was with him or when he was sick
Then, he thought about how this woman had taken care of him when he was sick. ?a. 
A strong sense of jealousy arose spontaneously in the depths of her heart. 
He glared at Qiao Yiyi but couldn’t say anything. 
Qiao Yiyi was the first to speak,”but I wonder what Mr. Lu is here for?” You’re not here to visit me, are you? Or are you saying that you can’t bear to part with me?” 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but laugh at herself. 
Even if he couldn’t bear to leave her, even if he liked her, so what
As long as he did not forget Qiao Lian, she would not be with him. 
The love she wanted must be clean, without any entanglement or involvement. 
To put it bluntly, if she and Qiao Lian fell into the water at the same time, she didn’t want Lu nanze to be the one saving Qiao Lian and not her. 
She had her own pride, so she definitely didn’t want such a marriage and love. 
Thinking of this, she lowered her eyes. 
Lu nanze was triggered by her words and his words immediately became piercing, “”I came here because I forgot to tell you something. ” 
“What?” Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Lu nanze glanced at Liang Liang and continued,””We’ve only slept for a short while, so it hasn’t even been a month yet. I’m thinking that if you happened to get pregnant at that time, then You’d better abort the child so that it won’t be a burden to our future!” 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists tightly when she heard that. 
Liang Liang’s face turned pale. 
Back then, he was in a relationship with Wu Hen for half a year, but at most, they only held hands. 
But now Lu nanze had actually done something so intimate with her
He was unable to accept it for a moment. 
After seeing his expression, Lu nanze was finally satisfied. 
However, before she could smile, she heard Qiao Yiyi say calmly, “”No problem, it’s settled then. If I’m pregnant in a month’s time, I’ll contact you and report the abortion fees. If there’s nothing else, Mr. Lu, please leave.” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze looked at Qiao Yiyi in shock. This woman dared to chase him away
He had his own pride, so he snorted and told the Butler, “”Let’s go!” 
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler saw that sir was holding back his anger, but he didn’t dare to say anything. He pushed him out of the hospital. 
They took the car back to Lu nanze’s ward and placed him on the bed. 
The Butler was about to leave and lie low for a while. However , he had just turned around when he heard Lu nanze say through gritted teeth, “”Bring me the present that woman gave me. I want to see what kind of breakup gift she’s going to give me!” 
[PS: see you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 1913 – She’S Actually Her (3) 
The Butler immediately turned around and walked out. 
The Butler placed Qiao Yiyi’s parting gift on the table in the guest room outside the hospital. 
He picked it up and respectfully brought it into the ward. 
With his head lowered, he walked up to Lu nanze and passed the gift to him. 
Lu nanze looked at the shabby gift. 
It was probably in a paper bag used to store tea leaves. 
He opened the paper bag and saw a box inside. 
The box was very unremarkable, like an ordinary jewelry box. 
Lu nanze frowned at the sight of the present. 
He took out the gift box and was about to open it when the door of the ward was suddenly pushed open. 
Lu nanze raised his head and saw Lu Qingtian walking towards him in a rage. 
“Lu nanze, you bastard! You don’t learn the good things, but now you’re learning to be a heartless man!” Lu Qingtian was extremely angry. As she said this, she stood in front of Lu nanze and pointed at him, scolding,””Tell me, what’s going on between you and Yiyi? Why did they sign the divorce agreement? Who are you going to look for if you want to abandon Yiyi?” 
“You’re already asleep! And now you’re saying that you’re not going to take responsibility? are you still a member of the Lu family?” 
“Lu nanze, you bastard! I’m going to teach you a good lesson on behalf of your father today! I’m telling you! Go and coax Yiyi back right now. Otherwise, I won’t let you off!” 
Lu nanze frowned at these words. 
After a while, he sighed and said#Aunt, this is my business. It has nothing to do with you.” 
Lu Qingtian sneered.”How is it none of my business? Aren’t you my nephew? Isn’t Yiyi my niece-in-law? Even though I’m married, I’m still your aunt! You have to explain to me today why you want to divorce Qiao Yiyi!” 
Lu nanze said helplessly,”aunt, Qiao Yiyi and I have no feelings for each other. Our marriage was just for show.” 
‘Then who do you have feelings for? Do you like another woman? If not, why can’t you and Qiao Yiyi cultivate a relationship?” 
Lu nanze sighed and said, “feelings can’t be developed just because you say so.” Lu Qingtian was speechless. 
Lu Qingtian couldn’t help frowning and sighing. She sat down in front of Lu nanze and tell me, do you still like that Qiao Lian or that Wu Hen?” 
Lu nanze sighed and said,”the one 1 like is wuhen.” 
Lu Qingtian frowned.”That’s impossible!” 
“Why is it impossible?!” 
“When you were with Qiao Yiyi, you two clearly had feelings for each other. 
Don’t tell me you didn’t miss her when she left?” 
Lu nanze was stunned to hear this. 
Lu Qingtian said, “feelings come silently. Don’t think that you don’t have feelings for Qiao Yiyi. Think about it. After she left, did you feel empty
Lu nanze lowered his head and looked at his empty heart. 
“Do you really want to know what she’s doing now?! ” 
What was he doing
She was still with Liang Liang in the hospital! 
She had just gotten divorced, and she was already having fun.. This was simply too much!
###Chapter 1914 – She’S Actually Her (4) 
At this thought, Lu nanze was taken aback. He looked up at Lu Qingtian in disbelief. 
Lu Qingtian saw his expression and knew what he was thinking.”I was right, wasn’t I? So, how could you not like Qiao Yiyi? You clearly like her! You’ve been with her for more than half a year, so you must have feelings for her. As for that wuhen … You’ve only known him for a few days, not even a month. How deep can your feelings be?” 
“Lu nanze, I’m telling you, don’t get yourself killed! When he saw his own heart clearly, it would be too late to regret it! From what I’ve observed, that Qiao Yiyi might look like a yes-man, but she’s very opinionated and won’t go back to her old man. ” 
When Lu nanze heard this, he looked up. 
For some reason, she felt a little flustered when she heard Lu Qingtian’s words. 
He wouldn’t go back to his past. 
So … If he regretted it, Qiao Yiyi would not give him a chance
But … 
He shook his head violently. He was really going to be brainwashed by his aunt! 
The person he liked was wuhen. How could it be Qiao Yiyi
After he divorced Qiao Yiyi, he would be with wuhen. 
At the thought of this, he lowered his eyes.”Aunt, I know my own matters.” Lu Qingtian sighed.”l know that wuhen is good to you, but . 
Before he could finish, the door of the ward was suddenly pushed open. 
The Butler rushed in anxiously. When he saw Lu nanze, he said in a panic “ Mr.Lu …Mr. Xu’s people are here!” 
Mr. Xu’s assistant strode into the room. 
The assistant stopped in his tracks when he saw Lu nanze. He narrowed his eyes at the man and said, “ Hello Mr. Lu. Mr. Xu asked me to come and greet you. By the way, if stealing one ginseng isn’t enough, do you have to have two?” 
Lu nanze was slightly taken aback.”MJhat two?” 
Mr. Xu’s assistant was staring at Lu nanze intently. 
She realized that he did not seem to be lying. 
Mr. Xu wasn’t sure who had stolen the second ginseng. He had only come here to bomb Lu nanze. 
This assistant had actually studied psychology before. He could determine some things just by looking at a person’s eyes. 
And Lu nanze’s look of complete ignorance 
Mr. Xu’s assistant immediately lowered his gaze. “It seems like this matter has nothing to do with you.” 
Lu nanze continued to frown.”What’s the matter?” 
The assistant sighed. ‘Mr. Xu said that if it wasn’t you, he would have to explain it clearly. It’s like this, our house was visited by a God again last night and a ginseng was stolen. We immediately thought of wuhen and came to ask you Did you hire wuhen to steal? But now it seems that Mr. Lu doesn’t even know about this!” 
Lu nanze was stunned to hear this. 
Did Wu Hen steal another ginseng
His first reaction was that Wu Hen was injured! 
Her second reaction was, why did wuhen steal the ginseng again
However, these thoughts made him look like he didn’t know about this at all. 
Mr. Xu’s assistant knew that this matter had nothing to do with Lu nanze, so he apologized again and left. 
However, after he left, Lu nanze became anxious. He stared at the Butler and said,”go and find out what’s going on..”
###Chapter 1915 – It’S Her (5) 
The Butler walked out after he finished speaking. 
But before he could leave, Lu nanze called out to him,”stop. Go to my villa in the suburbs and see if … Forget it, help me up immediately!” 
The Butler was confused, but Lu Qingtian was anxious.”What are you doing? Do you still want your legs! If you torture yourself like this, you’ll lose your leg!” 
Lu nanze heard this but did not stop himself. He lifted the blanket and stared at the Butler.”Hurry up!” 
The Butler glanced at Lu Qingtian, but did not dare to reject Mr. Lu. He could only brace himself and walk forward, supporting Lu nanze as they walked out. 
Thus, Lu nanze got into the car in his wheelchair and drove all the way to the villa in the suburbs. 
On the way, Lu nanze was burning with anxiety. 
Wu Hen was injured, but he didn’t have a house in Suzhou. If she was injured, she would definitely be living in his villa. 
He remembered the last time he entered the villa to see how she was doing, only to find her unconscious on the ground. 
This time He had to hurry over. What if wuhen fainted again and something happened to him
As for her stealing the ginseng nа. 
Lu nanze couldn’t think of any of these things at the moment. 
There was only one thing on his mind. Wuhen was injured, so please don’t let anything happen to him! 
The car soon arrived at the villa in the suburbs. When the car stopped, he couldn’t wait to open the door and then without waiting for anyone to help him. 
He got down on one foot and jumped into the villa’s entrance. 
The Butler hurriedly got out of the car and ran over to hold his leg. 
Lu nanze pressed his fingerprint on the door and opened it. He said,””Quickly go and see if there’s anyone in the villa!” 
The Butler understood that sir was worried about Wu Hen ! 
That’s right, if wuhen had stolen another ginseng, then with the Xu family’s ability, wuhen would most likely be in a state of serious injury. They had to find her quickly to ensure her safety! 
But . 
The Butler searched every corner of the entire villa, from upstairs to downstairs, but he still couldn’t find any traces. 
Lu nanze sat on the sofa in the living room, frowning.”Wuhen did come back, but where did she go after staying in the villa for the whole night?” 
In fact, there were no traces of wuhen on the surveillance video. 
However, due to wuhen’s injuries, or perhaps because he had let down his guard, there were still some clues left in the room. 
Lu nanze was able to determine when wuhen had been here. 
The Butler was also puzzled,”looking at the situation in the room, her injury should be very serious. There is blood on the gauze, so it must be an external injury So, miss wuhen is so seriously injured. What did she go out for?” And why hasn’t he returned yet? Did miss Wu Hen Leave with the ginseng?” 
“Impossible.” 
Lu nanze said decisively. 
With Wu hen’s personality, he would never leave without saying goodbye. 
So, something must have happened to wuhen. 
Lu nanze grew anxious.”Go and gather all our men and find her!” If you find wuhen, you will be heavily rewarded!” 
When the Butler heard this, he could only nod.”Yes, sir. I’ll get someone to make the arrangements immediately.. But Sir, can you go back to the hospital now?”
###Chapter 1916 – It’S Her (6) 
Lu nanze sighed when he heard this. 
He knew that waiting for news here and waiting for news back at the hospital were actually the same. ed. 
Although he also wanted to stay in the villa with traceless aura and wait for news, he thought of his own body and it was safer to go back to the hospital, so he nodded. 
– 
Back at the hospital, Lu nanze was wheeled into the ward by the Butler. He frowned as he tried to figure out where wuhen could be. 
He had thought of several places in Suzhou, but still felt that she would not go. Lu nanze could not help but sigh. 
Wuhen, where are you
Why can’t I contact you
There was no news from the people he had sent out. 
His heart was suddenly filled with anxiety and fear. 
If something really happened to Wu Hen, what should they do
As he thought of this, he was helped to the bed by the Butler. 
Just as he sat down, he suddenly felt something under his butt. 
He reached out his hand and picked it up in frustration. He found that it was the box that he had opened today. He had not opened it yet. 
Lu nanze frowned. 
Her desire to see what was inside suddenly faded. 
He threw the box to the side and sat on the bed. His entire heart was on Wu Hen. 
After a long time, he finally couldn’t hold it in anymore. He picked up his phone and began to call the people he had sent out one by one. 
“Did you find it?” “No, Sir,” 
“Did you find it?” 
“Not yet, Sir,” 
“…” 
He made phone calls one after another, but none of them could find wuhen. 
Lu nanze was so angry that he threw his phone aside. 
Just then, there was a knock on the door. 
He raised his head and is it?!” 
The door of the ward was pushed open, and a caretaker walked in, trembling.”Mr. Lu, it ‘s, it’s me 
Lu nanze raised an eyebrow and did not say anything. 
The nurse then walked in. 
As if she could feel the pressure on Lu nanze, the caretaker lowered her head and did not dare to say a word. She started cleaning the room. 
When she reached Lu nanze’s side, he fidgeted impatiently, which gave the nurse a shock. 
The caretaker happened to pick up the paper box that Lu nanze had thrown away. 
Startled by Lu nanze’s actions, her hands went limp and the box fell to the ground with a thud. 
Lu nanze immediately shot a cold glare at her, scaring the nurse so much that she quickly squatted down and picked up the box.”l’m sorry, I’m sorry, Mr. Lu. This Let me see if it’s broken!” 
Lu nanze turned around. He did not look at the box, but continued to look worried. 
At this moment, he suddenly heard the caretaker say,””Good, good, there’s only a dry piece of wood inside. It’s fine. Othervvise, it would definitely be broken!” 
Dry wood
What the hell
Lu nanze turned his head and glanced at the nurses hand. 
Then, he turned around, but he suddenly turned his head again . Wasn’t that a hundred-year-old ginseng in her hand
Lu nanze was shocked and stared at the ginseng in disbelief. 
This Why is this ginseng here
He was sure that he had already sent the pill that Wu Hen had stolen for him to Beijing 
Therefore, this ginseng 
He suddenly thought of what the Xu family had said about throwing away another ginseng. 
In his mind, something suddenly appeared! 
[PS: see you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 1917 – It’S Her (7) 
Sitting in the ward, Lu nanze pieced everything together and suddenly understood something. 
He suddenly sat up and his eyes widened. He was completely dumbfounded! 
He stared in front of him in disbelief, but Qiao Yiyi and Wu hen’s faces flashed in his mind … 
Even though Wu Hen always wore a mask, her figure was petite … 
As for Qiao Yiyi, she usually wore loose-fitting clothes, so he rarely noticed her figure. Occasionally … When his aunt dressed her up, she wore a dress that outlined her waistline. 
Her waist was so thin that he could hold it with one hand … 
So … 
Qiao Yiyi was wuhen
How could Qiao Yiyi be Wu Hen
How could she … How could she be wuhen! 
However, when he thought about the two of them, he felt that they were the same. After he realized Qiao Yiyi’s true nature, she always gave him some surprises. 
She was so cunning that she didn’t want to be at a disadvantage Although she wasn’t as sharp as Wu Hen, one could still see the pride in her bones! 
Thinking about it, the Xu family had lost the ginseng, and only Wu Hen could enter the Xu family and steal it without a sound! 
In this world, there had not been a second person so far. 
Therefore, the ginseng was stolen by wuhen. 
As for him He finally understood something and stood up with a Whoosh! 
Yes! 
Qiao Yiyi was the only one in the room when he had sent the Butler to deliver the ginseng to Beijing. The Butler had kept it a secret and had never told anyone about it. If Wu Hen wasn’t Qiao Yiyi, he wouldn’t know that he had no more ginseng. 
He wouldn’t have been suspected of stealing from the Xu family for the second time. 
And what had he done during this period of time
She had escaped from the Xu family and returned to the hospital. She had wanted to give him the ginseng But what welcomed her was the divorce agreement. ?n?а. ?m
She must have been very shocked at that time, right
SO 
Lu nanze stood up immediately and dragged his other leg towards the door. 
No, he had to find Qiao Yiyi. He had to find Wu Hen! 
He wanted to find Qiao Yiyi and tell her that he didn’t want a divorce anymore. He liked her! 
However, the moment he moved, his injured leg went soft, and he fell to the ground. 
The Butler rushed in and was shocked to see him. He hurriedly helped him up from the ground and asked,””What’s wrong, Sir?” 
“Quick!” Lu nanze answered quicldy.”Get the car ready. We’re going to the third hospital!” 
The Butler was stunned. ‘What for?” 
Lu nanze’s eyes darkened and he clenched his fists tightly. “I’m looking for my wife.” 
He knew he was wrong. He wanted to get Wu Hen back 
I can’t let her be with Liang Liang like this! 
Thinking of this, he became more and more impatient. The housekeeper had to help him stand up and sit him in the wheelchair. The nanny car that had just driven away came back again, and the group of people ran to the third hospital. 
When he arrived at the No. 3 hospital, he was pushed inside by the Butler when he saw Liang Liang come out. 
Liang Liang’s pupils shrank when he saw them. He walked up to Lu nanze and said, “ What are you doing here?” 
Lu nanze stared at him and asked,”what am I doing here? You must have known who she is long ago, right?” 
Liang Liang sneered,”so what if I know? I’m a heartless rat and I let her down.. 
And now, the heartless rat has become you!”
###Chapter 1918 – It’S Her (8) 
At these words, Lu nanze’s pupils shrank. He pushed the wheelchair with both hands, trying to go around Liang Liang and into the ward. 
However, Liang Liang stood in front of him and stared at him. After a while, he suddenly threw the document in his hand at him,”this is her medical record. Take a good look at it yourself!” 
After saying this, he stood to the side. 
Lu nanze only stopped what he was doing when he heard the medical record. He opened the medical record and took a few glances. 
The illness written on it was shocking. 
Wuhen’s body was covered in bruises. It was obvious that his internal injuries were very serious. 
Her old injury from last time had also reappeared … 
He thought about the pain she was in … He thought about how pale she had been when he had asked for a divorce. Lu nanze’s heart felt as if it was being tugged at by something, causing him so much pain that he wished he was dead. 
He reached out his hand and pressed his chest. Then he looked at Liang Liang and said, “Where is she?” 
“1n the ward,” 
“1’m going to see her,” 
Lu nanze raised his head.”l want to see her.” 
Liang Liang sneered, ‘You hurt her so deeply. How can you still face her?” You should leave, wuhen definitely doesn’t want to see you!” 
Lu nanze looked at Liang Liang stubbornly. 
At this moment, he knew that he had done something wrong. He knew that he had let wuhen down. In front of Liang Liang, wuhen’s ex-boyfriend, he couldn’t even have a trace of self-confidence. 
He stared at Liang Liang.”What do I have to do to see her?” 
“It’s not that I don’t want you to see her, she’s the one who doesn’t want to see you. She’s covered in injuries now, and she’s in her most miserable state. She’s so proud …” 
Liang Liang’s voice choked when he heard this. Then he sneered,”but maybe it’s special to you?” Back then, she was much prouder of me than this. ‘ 
After Liang Liang said this, he lowered his eyes and moved away.”You can go.” 
He had already let wuhen down. 
He couldn’t let Wu Hen lose his happiness. 
Lu nanze had let her down, but she was still willing to go to the Xu family to steal ginseng for him a second time. This was how she showed that she liked him. 
Otherwise, how could he not care about his life 
In the past, wuhen could ignore him for a long time if he said something harsh. 
But now, for Lu nanze’s sake, she was willing to lower herself and stay in the Lu family for so long 
Besides 
When he had been with wuhen, they had only held hands at most, but she had had such an intimate relationship with Lu nanze 
That’s why they’re a couple and they should be together. 
Liang Liang couldn’t help sighing when he thought about this. After all, he had missed it. 
He and wuhen could never return to the past. 
So now, he should let go completely and let wuhen obtain the happiness that belonged to her. 
This could be considered as him owing wuhen. 
Thinking of this, he lowered his eyes and sighed deeply. 
On the other side, Lu nanze pushed his wheelchair towards wuhen’s ward after Liang Liang had finished speaking. 
As he walked, his heart was burning with anxiety. 
He didn’t know why, but he was so anxious that he felt like he was about to jump out! 
He wanted to see wuhen and Qiao Yiyi immediately. 
He would then reach out his arms to hug her and tell her that he loved her! He wanted to never be separated from her!
###Chapter 1919 – It’S Her (9) 
Qiao Yiyi sat on the bed and looked ahead. 
The injuries on his body were a little heavy. 
However, she was still able to maintain her consciousness. 
Liang Liang was called away by the doctor, probably to discuss her health. 
Hence, there was no one in the ward to take care of her. 
She sat there, thinking about her past with Lu nanze. At that moment, there was a knock on the door. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and looked up. She said slowly,”Come in.” 
The door was opened. 
However, when she saw who it was, she was instantly shocked! 
She stared at the door in disbelief.”You … Why are you here?!” 
– 
Lu nanze arrived at the door of the ward. 
He felt a little nervous. 
What if wuhen didn’t forgive him
What if wuhen didn’t want to be with him
Wuhen must be angry that he had given the ginseng to Qiao Lian. 
But this ginseng was the end of his relationship with Qiao Lian. He wanted to settle everything he owed Qiao Lian in this life and then he would love her with all his heart. 
But would wuhen believe these words
At this thought, Lu nanze slowly pushed the door open. 
Whatever, it was more important to see her first. 
However After he pushed open the door and walked in, he found . 
The bed in the ward was empty. There was not a single person! 
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank and he rushed to the bathroom, but there was still no one there. 
At this moment, Liang Liang also came in.”You two can talk, I . 
Before he could finish, Liang Liang was also shocked,”wuhen?!” 
Lu nanze turned around and asked,”where is she?” 
Liang Liang was confused. “She was still lying on the bed when I went out. How come she’s gone so soon?!” 
Lu nanze felt as if ten thousand ants were gnawing at his heart. 
He was so close to Wu Hen, why couldn’t he see her
He stared at Liang Liang, “ did he go out for a walk? I’ll go find her . 
Before he could finish, he heard the Butler look at what this is!” 
Everyone turned their heads in unison and saw a note on the bedside table. On the note were two words: Goodbye. 
Goodbye . 
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank. 
Liang Liang was even more shocked! 
‘What, what’s going on?!” Liang Liang asked in confusion. 
At the same time, a low-key but comfortable car was driving on the highway. 
Qiao Yiyi was lying comfortably on the soft blanket. 
“Uncle Ming, how’s my mother?” she asked. 
The driver was a man in his fifties. His eyes darkened when he heard this. He coughed and said,””You’ll know when you see it. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and sighed.”l haven’t seen my mother in a long time. I miss the red braised pork she made for me. After seeing her, I must eat red braised pork for five days in a row.” 
Uncle Mings eyes darkened at those words. He nodded and changed the subject. “How did your body end up like this?” I let you hide safely in the Lu family, but how did you get so much attention? Don’t you know that the Xu family has already issued a wanted order in the martial world?” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this. 
She hesitated for a moment and could not help but lower her head. She smiled bitterly.”lt’s nothing. It was just a farewell to an old friend..”
###Chapter 1920 – She’S Actually Her (10) 
Even if Lu nanze had never loved her, he had sincerely saved her many times. 
Hence, she would just take it as returning Lu nanze’s favor with the ginseng. 
Qiao Yiyi turned around and looked at the city behind her. 
Then, she curled her lips. 
Suzhou, goodbye. 
She had thought that the future would be bright and happy, and that she would be able to meet her mother soon. 
However, she had never expected that … This would be the beginning of her difficult life. 
For many days after that, she couldn’t help but think about it. 
If she had left half an hour later, she would have been able to see Lu nanze’s explanation and confession. She would have stayed and none of the things that happened after that would have happened … 
However, in this world, there were many things but no’ if ‘s. 
— 
A month later. 
Overseas. 
Qiao Yiyi held the pregnancy test notice in shock. 
“The child is very healthy, congratulations,” the doctor said in English. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this. She lowered her head and looked at her stomach. 
She had never expected that she would have Lu nanze’s child after that one time. 
And in that one month, she had been through so much, but the child had not been aborted 
Therefore, this child’s vitality was simply too tenacious. 
She placed her hand on her stomach. 
There was a profound light in his eyes. 
She stared at the pregnancy test notice and suddenly laughed. 
Uncle Ming, who was beside her, was slightly stunned when he saw the pregnancy test notice. After a while, he said, “ Miss…Are you sure you want this child?” 
Qiao Yiyi, who still had a bouquet of white flowers on her head, narrowed her eyes when she heard this. 
She stared at the notice, and her gaze fell on her stomach again. 
After a moment, she suddenly smiled bitterly. 
“Uncle Ming, I want this child.” 
“But your body With this child, you will need to rest for at least three years. As you know, because your family members practice Qing Gong, their bodies are actually weaker than ordinary people. ” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she lowered her eyes. “But uncle Ming, you have to know that perhaps in this life, I only have this one child and we can only depend on each other.” I want to have my own family and blood relationship, so that these things can continue. ” 
She might not fall in love with anyone else in the future. 
Hearing this, uncle Ming was slightly stunned. After a while, he sighed.”Alright, whatever you say.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Eight months later. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say a word in the delivery room. 
Uncle Ming stood outside the door, walking around anxiously. 
After a while, the sound of a baby crying came from the delivery room. 
“She gave birth, she gave birth!” 
Time flew by. 
Five years passed by in the blink of an eye. 
Suzhou. 
The plane left a trail in the air and landed at the airport. 
After the airport gate opened, a woman with a slender figure appeared. 
She stood at the door, her long, straight black hair flowing behind her. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the scene in front of her and suddenly curled her lips.”Suzhou, I’m back!” 
Just as this thought came to her mind, a small hand suddenly pushed her long and slender legs away. Then, a small head popped out. “Mommy, is daddy here?” Then, When Can I See You?” 
[PS: I’m done. I’ve explained two days ago that I’ll be at the annual meeting for the next few days, so the update timing is unstable. So, donrt curse and swear in the comments section It’s frustrating.] Also, this is just a Side Story. If you don’t like the slow updates, you can save it for a few days and watch it together. 
Then, if you think that the side Story is not good, wait for my new book in September! Don’t curse while reading. It’s already a two million word article. There’s not much content left.. Is there any point in scolding?
###Chapter 1921 – Meeting Again After Five Years (1) 
At the Lu family villa. 
Lu nanze returned home from work and handed the document bag to the Butler. He then changed his shoes and headed upstairs to the study without a word. 
Looking at his thin and cold back, the Butler sighed in his heart. 
Ever since Madam disappeared five years ago, Sir had been like this. 
No matter what he did, he couldn’t lift his spirits. Looking at him, he felt like he had lost some of his energy. 
As he thought, he sighed again. 
She couldn’t help but wonder, where did Madam go
Over the years, Sir had searched the entire country, but there was still no news of Madam. 
The Butler put down the document in his hand and followed him upstairs. As expected, sir was in the study. He pushed the door open and walked in. 
She happened to hear Lu nanze talking on the phone. 
Lu Qingtian’s voice was on the other end of the phone.””The girl this time is definitely your type. Really, come and take a look.” 
“I know you’re not interested, but it’s always good to meet them. Their family has business dealings with our family. Besides 
“Auntie, I’m married. I have a wife. ‘ 
The other party sighed.”Although you’ve announced to the public that your wife has gone overseas to study, the people in the circle are not stupid. When you signed the divorce agreement with Qiao Yiyi, almost everyone in the circle knew about it. Is it appropriate for you to use this to brush her off?” 
Lu nanze was silent. 
“You can’t just hang on to one tree. You have to know that there are so many women in this world …” Lu Qingtian continued to persuade her. 
“I only want her.” 
Lu Qingtian choked when she heard that. She sighed heavily after a while.”You fool, how can you be so stubborn about your feelings! You used to like Qiao Lian and waited for her for half a year. Now, Qiao Yiyi has been waiting for her for five years. You’re already 30 this year! If this goes on, do you plan on ending the Lu family’s bloodline?” 
Lu nanze did not say anything. 
Lu Qingtian continued to persuade definitely like the girl this time. She’s back from studying abroad, a beauty with long hair and long legs! Didn’t you like this type before? Go and try it. Whether you like it or not, you have to try it, right?” 
“In the past, you were so insistent on liking Qiao Lian, but later on, your feelings for her faded. Now that you like Qiao Yiyi so much, if you go and get in touch with other girls, you might fall in love with another girl. What do you think?” 
Lu nanze paused and sneered,”that’s impossible.” 
Lu Qingtian was furious. “Why is it impossible? If you don’t try, how do you know it won’t work?” 
Without a word, Lu nanze hung up the phone. 
He had missed Qiao Lian when he was young, so he could not forget her for so many years. 
However, Qiao Yiyi 
He knew that he was truly moved. 
He would probably never love anyone else in this life, and he would love her even more deeply than he loved without a trace. 
It had been five years, but he still missed wuhen. 
The villa that Wu Hen had lived in and the villa that Qiao Yiyi had lived in, he had asked people to keep it as it was. 
He stayed in the house and waited for Qiao Yiyi to return. 
He thought that if she was tired and tired outside, she would come back, right
However, if he really tried to go on a blind date with someone else, she would definitely be sad when she came back and saw him like this..
###Chapter 1922 – Meeting Again After Five Years (2) 
Lu nanze lowered his gaze and looked at his desk quietly. Then, he opened the documents in the office and started to work. 
All these years, he had put all his excess energy into the company. 
The company was doing better and better, but his heart was getting emptier and emptier. 
He took a deep breath.  o
The Butler saw him and lowered his head. He placed the coffee on the table and quietly left. 
She received a call from Lu Qingtian as soon as she went out. 
“Butler, let me tell you, if you do this tomorrow …” Lu Qingtian said. 
– 
As usual, Lu nanze worked until 10 O’ clock in the evening. He turned off his computer, stretched his body, and then went to the gym to work out for two whole hours. 
After venting all his energy, he took a shower, lay on the bed, and fell asleep quickly. 
The next day at Sixo’ clock sharp, he opened his eyes on time. He was like a machine, getting up, washing his face, and going out for a run. 
At eighto’ clock, they had breakfast, changed their clothes, and went to work. 
He arrived at the company at 9:30 am for his daily meeting. 
The meeting ended at 110 clock, and he went back to his office. 
As he walked, the Secretary observed his expression. 
However, there was naturally no result. 
President Lu was becoming more and more expressionless. It was impossible to tell whether he was happy, angry, or sad. 
The Secretary sighed, but still obediently said,””Mr. Lu, I have an appointment with Mr. Zhang at the White Crane Tower for lunch today. The room number is 
Please arrive on time.” 
Lu nanze nodded and looked at the time.”Remind me to leave at 11:30.” Then, he entered his office. 
The Secretary looked at him and sighed. He turned around and called the Butler.”lt’s done!” 
On the other side. 
Qiao Yiyi was staying in a hotel. 
She had taken a shower early in the morning, dried her hair , and put on some makeup. She exuded a charming and confident aura. 
She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. It was a charming smile that could charm people. 
She looked ten centimeters taller than she was five years ago, and her figure was very straight. 
The girls in their family were like this. 
Because he had been practicing Qinggong since he was young, he had suppressed the growth of his height, so he had always been thin and short, because it was easier to steal things that way. 
However, ever since she gave birth to Kaka, her body seemed to have a second spring and developed exceptionally fast. 
During the period of suspicion, the cultivation technique was cut off, and he began to grow. 
When Kaka was born and she was breastfeeding, she grew ten centimeters in two years! 
As a result, she was now a tall and thin beauty. 
However, she still had the habit of pulling her long hair straight and tying it into a ponytail, making her look youthful and energetic. 
She looked at her figure in the mirror and was very satisfied with herself. Then, she picked up her bag. 
At that moment, a small head that was glowing suddenly stuck out from the bedroom. 
The small figure was a miniature version of Lu nanze. His big, grape-like eyes were blinking as he stared at Qiao Yiyi. Then, he said in a child’s voice,””Mom, are you going for the interview
Qiao Yiyi nodded.”That’s right. Kaka, be good today, okay?” 
Little Kaka nodded immediately. ‘Yeah, where are you going
“White Crane Tower..
###Chapter 1923 – : Meeting Again After Five Years (3) 
Qiao Yiyi put on her high heels and walked out. 
When she reached the door, she suddenly heard a voice behind her.”Okay, I got it, mom. I wish you all the best.” 
Qiao Yiyi wasn’t overjoyed. Instead, she frowned and turned around.”Kaka, you’re a little abnormal today!” 
This child had been clever and lively since he was young. It was rare for him to be so well-behaved. 
So … There must be something wrong with this abnormal situation. This guy must be brewing some big conspiracy! 
When little Kaka heard this, he immediately blinked his big eyes, which made his little bald head look even brighter. 
Little Kaka shook his head.”No, mom. I was just thinking that if you don’t pass the interview, then we have to eat grass! Kaka doesn’t want to eat grass. ” 
Although Qiao Yiyi didn’t trust her, the time for the interview was approaching. 
She had to leave as soon as possible. 
So he could only reach out his finger and tap on little Kaka. “You stay here and wait for me to come back, okay?” 
Little Kaka nodded immediately. 
Qiao Yiyi thought for a moment before she spoke again. “Are you sure
Little Kaka continued to nod. 
Qiao Yiyi still wanted to say something, but little Kaka passed her phone to her.”Mom, your taxi is here. Hurry up and go downstairs.” 
Qiao Yiyi had no choice but to go downstairs. 
After Qiao Yiyi left, Kaka’s obedient eyes instantly disappeared. It rubbed its hands excitedly and walked into the bedroom. It opened the closet and rummaged through it. After a while, it found a small backpack. 
After carrying the small backpack on his back, little Kaka excitedly walked to the door.”Ah, Kaka is going to find daddy-” 
After saying that, she walked to the door and reached out to pull the door, only to find 
Eh
Why was the door closed
Little Kaka frowned and sighed. “Mom is so bad! He locked me in the hotel!” 
But as soon as he said this, little Kaka raised his head and took out a steel wire from somewhere. “But for me, a member of the thief God Family, this is a small case!” 
The door opened with a click. 
Little Kaka immediately rushed out and jumped straight to the elevator. 
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi was already in the taxi to the White Crane Tower. 
She opened her makeup bag, took out some Foundation, and touched up her makeup in front of the mirror to make herself look more mature and steady. 
It couldn’t be helped. Although she had grown taller, she still looked too young, and she was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to hold her ground. 
Al though The other party had said that she had returned from studying abroad and would definitely be accepted, she still had to maintain a good image, didn’t she
Qiao Yiyi threw the cotton pad into the makeup box, then raised her head and looked ahead. 
“Young lady, we have arrived at the White Crane Tower. ” 
The driver said. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
At the same time, a luxurious car drove past them. 
Lu nanze, who was sitting in the back seat, happened to pass by her. However, at that moment, Qiao Yiyi was looking down at her change and was about to pay. Hence, the two cars passed by in a flash. 
Lu nanze seemed to have sensed something. He looked up and turned to look at the taxi beside him..
###Chapter 1924 – Meeting Again After Five Years (4) 
However, the car was driving a little fast. He could only see the empty seat in the front passenger seat and nothing else. 
Lu nanze looked away and walked forward. 
A hotel attendant came to park the car for him. Lu nanze got out of the car and strode straight into the lobby. 
– 
On the other side, Qiao Yiyi found her change and gave it to the driver. After she got out of the car, she looked at the luxurious restaurant in front of her and was a little dazed. 
This … The boss of the company asked her out for a meal like this. Could he be hiding some kind of secret
Qiao Yiyi smiled and shook her head. Then, she walked in. 
Just as she reached the elevator, Lu nanze happened to enter it. 
The elevator door closed slowly. The moment it closed, Qiao Yiyi walked to the elevator. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t see anything, but she cursed in her heart. Why am I so unlucky
If she had come a second earlier, she would have caught this elevator, right
She pressed the up button in frustration, and another elevator came down. 
Qiao Yiyi went into the elevator. 
When the elevator reached the eighth floor, the door opened and Qiao Yiyi walked out. 
At the same time, Lu nanze had just entered Room 815 and the door was slammed shut. 
The two of them missed each other again. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and started to search for her phone. 
She walked forward to Room 815 and stood there. She turned her head to look. 
The number plate 815 was a little small and was hidden in an inconspicuous place, so Qiao Yiyi couldn’t find it immediately. 
She stood in front of 815 and reached out her hand to count the numbers.”811,812 This should be 816?” 
She walked to Room 815 and was about to reach out to push the door open when the door suddenly opened. 
In Room 815. 
When Lu nanze entered the room and saw President Zhang’s daughter, he immediately understood what was going on and what she meant. 
He frowned. 
He hated this kind of arranged blind date the most. 
But now, he had no choice. 
He took a deep breath and tried to make his expression not look so fierce. 
The Zhang family’s company had a partnership with their company. If it wasn’t necessary, it was better not to fall out with them. 
Lu nanze lowered his gaze and sat down opposite Mr. Zhang. Then, he looked up. 
Chief Zhang immediately smiled and said,”Aiya, chief Lu, I’m really sorry about today. I suddenly have an urgent matter to attend to, so I have to go home first. Look at the proposal. I’ll hand it over to my daughter. You guys can talk about it today.” 
She did not give Lu nanze a chance to decline. She stood up and left the room. 
Lu nanze frowned at the sight of him. 
He turned around and looked at miss Zhang. 
Miss Zhang spoke steadily and went straight into the project without saying anything else.”CEO Lu, I know that I’m helpless with this arrangement by the elders, but don’t be anxious. I have a boyfriend, so we’ll just use this as a chance to talk about cooperation today.” 
Lu nanze nodded at her words. 
At the door. n?eа. o
Just as Qiao Yiyi was about to knock on the door, the door opened and President Zhang walked out. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she saw chief Zhang. She took a step back. “This isn’t 816?” 
Chief Zhang immediately said,”no, no. This is Room 815. Don’t disturb the people inside. I’m telling you, theyre having a blind date inside!” 
[Author’s note: I’ve finished updating I’m sorry for my harsh words yesterday.] It’s mainly because after a busy day, I turned on my computer to write and saw a lot of criticism. I’m a little depressed-as for the updates, they’ll definitely be unstable these few days, but don’t worry, I won’t stop updating! I’m giving you my promise to not update. See you tomorrow..
###Chapter 1925 – : Meeting Again After Five Years (5) 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this, but she quickly nodded. 
Then, she took a step back and looked into the room next to her. 
Then, she entered the room. 
In the room sat a refined-looking man. When he saw her, he stood up with a smile and extended his hand to her.”Hello, miss Qiao. It’s our first time meeting. Please take care of me.” 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked to see this person. 
After a while, he suddenly realized something. He immediately reached out and slapped the man’s shoulder.”Damn, second brother, why are you here?!” 
The man who was addressed as second brother immediately smiled. He looked completely different from how he looked when they chatted on the internet. On the internet, he would call her boss and act coquettishly and cutely. However, in reality, second brother was a mature and steady man, even with a little bit of shyness and gentleness. 
Chen Yansheng sighed at Qiao Yiyi’s actions. He sat down and pointed to the opposite side of the sofa.””When did you return to the country? you didn’t even contact me or inform me.” 
“How could you not know when I’m coming back?” Qiao Yiyi laughed immediately. 
After saying this, she looked at him. “Otherwise, how could you have tricked me here? Tell me, did you monitor my whereabouts on the internet again?” 
When Chen Yansheng heard this, he immediately waved his hand.”l didn’t do it on purpose. I just wanted to see where you were out of habit. I knew that you had returned to China and saw that you had sent in many resumes, so I thought that you might be lacking a job, so …” 
‘ID * MN, I was just wondering how I could deceive a big company with my fake academic qualifications. So that’s why!” 
It suddenly dawned on Qiao Yiyi. She had thought that it would be difficult to find a job, but she didn’t expect it to be so easy. It turned out that it was because of this. 
Thinking of this, she sighed. 
Chen Yansheng stood up. “Actually, our company really needs you. I’m sincerely recruiting you to our company.” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately shook her head. “No.” 
Chen Yansheng was stunned. “Why?” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at him and said after a while,””You know why I 
r 
m back in the country this time,” 
Chen Yansheng tensed up.”l Imow. I’m willing to help you.” 
“But I can’t drag you into this.” 
Qiao Yiyi smiled and said,”second brother, I know that you’re doing this for my own good, but I really can’t drag my friend into this. So, we should keep our distance.” 
After saying this, she suddenly stood up.”l’m really happy to see you, an old friend, today. But this matter ends here.” 
She immediately walked towards the door. 
Chen Yansheng followed behind her, “boss, you …” 
Before he could finish, Qiao Yiyi had already opened the door and walked out. 
As long as Chen Yansheng chased after him. 
But when she went out, she saw Qiao Yiyi standing at the door. She didn’t move. 
She only stared straight ahead as if she had seen a ghost, revealing a shocked expression. 
Following her line of sight, Chen Yansheng saw Lu nanze walking out of Room 815 with a girl. 
Lu nanze slowly turned his head, perhaps because he felt the gaze on him. 
At that moment, Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi’s eyes met..
###Chapter 1926 – Meeting Again After Five Years (6) 
The air seemed to have turned silent at this moment. 
The entire world lost its sound. 
They just stood there in shock, staring at each other in disbelief. 
No one had expected that their reunion would be so sudden. 
Lu nanze’s eyes widened and he stared at Qiao Yiyi in disbelief. 
This was his Qiao Yiyi and his wuhen. 
But it didn’t seem like it. 
It had been five years since they last met, and Lu nanze felt that he had almost forgotten what she looked like. 
But her expression and gaze still made Lu nanze forget about her. 
Qiao Yiyi was even more shocked. i?r.＆nbsp;com
She looked at Lu nanze, at his face, and narrowed her eyes. 
In fact, during this period of time, she couldn’t help but think of him. 
Even though she knew that he was no longer hers, she could not help but miss him. 
Now, they met just like that … 
But … 
Qiao Yiyi looked up at Room 815 and suddenly remembered what the man had said. She couldn’t help but clench her fists. 
His gaze fell on the girl next to Lu nanze. 
Her petite figure and chubby cheeks exuded a youthful aura. 
That appearance was a little similar to his own appearance five years ago. 
So The girl he liked was actually like this
So, he was actually on a blind date now
Although she had told herself long ago that she had nothing to do with Lu nanze, she was still very happy. 
However, when she thought about the blind date he had with that woman inside, Qiao Yiyi’s heart couldn’t help but clench and hurt. 
She narrowed her eyes and stared at Lu nanze. After a moment, she took a step forward. 
Lu nanze was also walking towards them in shock. 
As the two of them walked closer to each other, Qiao Yiyi felt as if something was stabbing into her heart. 
Every step he took was like stepping on her heart. She took a deep breath and suppressed the sadness in her heart. 
Then, Lu nanze stood in front of her, step by step. 
The two of them exchanged a few glances. 
Even though Qiao Yiyi had grown a lot taller, she still seemed a little short in front of Lu nanze. 
She lifted her head and stared at Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze’s gaze was so deep that it seemed as if water could drip out of it. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t see through his emotions, but she could feel his emotional fluctuations. 
She stared at Lu nanze and heard him say after a long silence,””lt’s been a long time,” 
It’s true, long time no see. 
It had been five years. 
They had missed each other for five years. 
He had a stomach full of words he wanted to say to her. 
He wanted to explain what had happened back then. 
However, when he faced Wu Hen, he did not know where to start. 
He wanted to organize his words so that he could more accurately express his longing for her over the past five years, his guilt for her, and the truth of what had happened back then. 
However, before she could say anything, Qiao Yiyi suddenly smiled. “Yes, long time no see.” 
Immediately, she turned around and grabbed Chen Yansheng’s arm. Pointing at Lu nanze, she said to Chen Yansheng,””Hubby, this is my ex-husband, Lu nanze.” 
After saying this, she turned to Lu nanze and introduced him,””This is my current boyfriend, Chen Yansheng.” 
Then, she raised her chin slightly and became arrogant and tsundere..
###Chapter 1927 – Meeting Again After Five Years (7) 
Qiao Yiyi was furious. 
She had clearly decided to stay out of Lu nanze’s way before she came. 
However, when she saw him on a blind date here, she suddenly felt a little indignant. 
What right do you have to be intimate with other women here while she has to live such a miserable life abroad
Hence, Qiao Yiyi’s actions were purely out of a moment of passion. After the introduction last night, she was also dumbfounded. 
It had been a long time since she had been so emotional. She didn’t even know how to get out of this situation. 
Listless, she tried to pull her arm away from Chen Yansheng’s arm. However, the next second, Chen Yansheng grabbed her arm and looked at Lu nanze politely.””Hello, Mr. Lu. I’ve heard Yiyi mention you a few times, but I didn’t expect to see you here.” 
Chen Yansheng’s words made Lu nanze narrow his eyes. 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi and Chen Yansheng in disbelief. 
The two of them stood together, looking like a perfect match. 
But Lu nanze only felt that his eyes were filled with hatred, as if he wanted to reach out and separate the two. 
He frowned, and all the words that he had been thinking about were stuck in his throat, unable to come out. 
She actually had a boyfriend
Moreover, from the way they were being intimate, it didn’t seem like they had just met. That kind of familiar and intimate attitude was not fake at all. 
So, they were really a couple
Lu nanze felt a surge of anger rush up to his head. He almost lost control of himself and wanted to rush forward to separate the two of them. 
If it was the him from five years ago, he might have really done so. 
At that time, he had liked Qiao Lian and had snatched her back. 
There was no reason for it, it was just overbearing. 
But now He realized that if he really liked someone, he would want the person to always smile and be happy. 
He stared at the two people in front of him. 
It was as if Wu Hen had a new identity. 
As for this Chen Yansheng, it seemed like his feelings for her were not fake. 
Perhaps, wuhen liked this Chen Yansheng more than he liked her
Lu nanze felt as if his heart had been stabbed by a dagger. It was so painful that he could not speak. 
However, on the surface, he still had to put on a magnanimous look as he extended his hand to Chen Yansheng. 
The two men held each other’s hands in the air. As they looked at each other, there seemed to be a lot of emotions flying in their eyes. 
Lu nanze separated his hands and nodded at Chen Yansheng. 
He still wanted to say something, but Qiao Yiyi immediately pulled Chen 
Yansheng and walked forvvard.”Alright, since you’ve met, let’s go.” 
Chen Yansheng smiled at Lu nanze, then left with Qiao Yiyi. 
When Qiao Yiyi walked past the girl, she couldn’t help but puff out her chest and suck in her stomach. She looked down at the girl and confirmed that she wasn’t as beautiful as the girl before following Chen Yansheng to the electric elevator. 
Just as she walked over, she saw Lu nanze and the rest of the group walking over. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Before she could say anything, the elevator door opened. 
The four of them entered the elevator. 
The space in the elevator wasn’t big, so it was a little awkvvard for the four of them to stand inside. 
And for some reason, Lu nanze was standing in front of Qiao Yiyi..
###Chapter 1928 – Meeting Again After Five Years (8) 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and took a step back, putting some distance between her and Lu nanze. 
The elevator suddenly stopped on the seventh floor. 
Then, a group of people on the seventh floor got into the elevator. 
As she was returning to her bag, someone pushed Lu nanze and he fell in front of Qiao Yiyi. 
His two hands were on the elevator, but his face was very close to Qiao Yiyi. 
The two of them breathed in and out. 
In the elevator, Qiao Yiyi felt a little breathless. Her nose was filled with Lu nanze’s masculine scent. 
The familiar smell made her heart beat faster. She felt an inexplicable sense of embarrassment and wanted to push Lu nanze away. 
However, this was the elevator and there were too many people. She had nowhere to run. 
The ambiguous atmosphere between the two of them slowly flowed. 
Just as Qiao Yiyi felt like she was about to suffocate, the elevator finally reached the first floor. 
The moment the elevator door opened, Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief. 
After they had left the elevator, Lu nanze no longer had any reason to be so close to her. He could only stand up straight and make way for her. 
Qiao Yiyi then followed Chen Yansheng and walked past him. 
Chen Yanshengs car was listening to them from the side, and the two of them slowly walked over. 
When Lu nanze realized that Chen Yanshengs car was a sports car that was worth millions, he slowly lowered his head. 
He knew about Chen Yansheng. 
He was a rookie that had just risen in Suzhou in recent years. 
He started his own business and turned his company into a listed company in three years. He was very capable and capable. 
She had also heard that he had a girlfriend who was studying abroad. 
She didn’t expect it to be Qiao Yiyi 
So, when did they meet
As for Chen Yansheng He was also a weirdo in the circle. He had never touched any woman and seemed to be waiting for his girlfriend to return from abroad. 
Therefore, he was very reliable. 
Qiao Yiyi would be very happy living with him, wouldn’t she
Then, he looked at Qiao Yiyi. After changing her identity as Wu Hen, she seemed to be doing well. 
SO 
Wuhen no longer needed him. 
Wuhen was no longer his. 
This realization made Lu nanze’s heart feel like it was being weighed down by a huge rock, and he could not breathe. 
He got into the car immediately and drove straight home, completely ignoring miss Zhang behind him. 
Qiao Yiyi held onto Chen Yanshengs arm and let go immediately after they got into the car. 
Chen Yansheng looked at her and couldn’t help but shake his head. He then said, “Where are you going
“The hotel.” 
‘Which hotel?” 
‘You don’t know?” Qiao Yiyi scolded him. “Don’t act all high and mighty! I’m sure you already know where I live!” 
Chen Yansheng immediately sighed and helplessly drove towards the hotel. 
“1s little Kaka okay?” he asked when he was on the road. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. “They’re all good.” 
Chen Yansheng tried to find a topic to talk about, and they chatted for a while. 
When they arrived at the hotel, Qiao Yiyi went upstairs and swiped her card at the entrance of the hotel. She opened the door and shouted, Kaka, Kaka?” 
However, the room was empty. There was no one in it. 
At the same time, in the Lu family villa, a petite figure dodged the Guard’s investigation and entered the Lu family villa. [PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow—I
###Chapter 1929 – : Meeting Again After Five Years (9) 
Lu nanze was in a bad mood when he returned from the hotel. 
The words that wuhen said kept circling in his mind. 
That was her boyfriend … And he was her ex-husband. 
In the past few years, he had been fantasizing about meeting Wu Hen one day. However, he never thought that it would be like this. 
She had brought her new boyfriend and appeared in front of her. 
Thinking of this, he sat down on the chair in the study and stared ahead quietly. 
He didn’t know what he could do or what he should do at this moment. 
He only knew that he didn’t want to lose Wu Hen. 
However, he could no longer treat Wu Hen the way he treated Qiao Lian. 
That was because Wu Hen was prouder than Qiao Lian. 
If she dared to force the Overlord to bring her back, wuhen would definitely resist to the death. 
After so many years, he had learned to love. He would no longer be like a young boy who did such childish and sad things. 
But … She was really sad. 
Those emotions were like an avalanche, pressing down and filling the air, leaving him with nowhere to escape. 
Wuhen had a new boyfriend, and she seemed very happy today. 
It had been five years since they last met, and Wu Hen had grown so much taller. He was no longer the same as before. 
However, that flirtatious appearance and her flamboyant personality were more and more in line. 
It also made him even more addicted. 
However, the wuhen in that state was no longer his wuhen. 
He clenched his fists tightly, trying to restrain the wildest impulse in his heart. 
He stood up and was about to do something when he suddenly heard something beside him. 
Lu nanze was taken aback. He turned around and asked,”who?” 
However, there was nothing on the balcony. 
He frowned. 
Based on his hearing, it was impossible for him to mishear. 
Could it be He was too emotional today
He shook his head and took two steps back. However, he had only taken two steps when he heard a very, very light, and almost unfathomable sigh. 
Lu nanze stopped in his tracks and turned around again. 
There was still nothing. 
He furrowed his brows. What was wrong with his hearing today
He turned around and took two steps towards the study, but after just two steps, he heard a soft breathing sound. 
This time He was right! 
Lu nanze pretended not to hear her. He walked to the desk and sat down. 
After a while, he jumped up and ran to the balcony! 
He pulled open the curtains, but there was still no one outside. 
Lu nanze was taken aback. 
Was he really hearing things
Just as this thought flashed through her mind, she heard a voice.”Dad.” 
At these words, Lu nanze was taken aback. He looked down and saw a face that looked exactly like his. The person was staring at him with a pair of big, grape-like eyes. 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
No wonder he couldn’t see her earlier. She was such a small person! 
The child looked to be about three or four years old. He was small in size, but his eyes were full of spirit! But the problem was 
This was the Lu family villa. 
How could there be a strange child in the Lu family villa?
###Chapter 1930 – : Meeting Again After Five Years (10) 
And what did this child just call him
Dad
Lu nanze was stunned. He stared at him in disbelief. 
Kaka stared at Lu nanze, up and down, left and right. Finally, it nodded and said,”dad, you seem to be more handsome than I thought!” 
Lu nanze was at a loss for words. He turned his head and looked at the Butler standing outside.”Butler, Butler!” Hurry up and come out!” 
The Butler heard the noise and immediately rushed into the room. 
“Sir, may I ask …” 
Before he could finish his words, he suddenly saw little Kaka and choked.”Whose child is this?!” 
Lu nanze frowned as well. 
“I’m sorry,” the Butler immediately apologized.”It’s our fault for letting a child into the villa.” 
After he finished speaking, he took a step forward and walked out with little Kaka in his arms. 
When little Kaka heard this, he immediately became anxious.”Hello, Daddy, Daddy … Don’t abandon me~I’m Kaka …” 
Daddy Don’t abandon me-I’m Kaka . 
He didn’t know why, but when he called Lu nanze that, Lu nanze felt uneasy and heartbroken. 
It was as if there was something on this child that made him feel close to him. When he cried, he would feel sad. 
Lu nanze could not help but turn to look at the bald boy. 
Little Kaka stretched out his hand to him, with tears in his eyes. His little hand waved in the air, and then he shouted,”Dad, dad 
Lu nanze did not know why, but he wanted to reach out and hold her hands. 
But this desire was restrained by him, and he watched the housekeeper directly carry little Kaka out and then sit on the seat. 
However, she began to feel uneasy. 
He didn’t know why he was so nervous. 
He furrowed his brows and began to feel irritated. 
The Butler carried Kaka and left the room. 
Kaka couldn’t help but cry out. He cried very sadly. 
He shouted,”daddy, I’m your son. Daddy, I’m your son. Why Don’t You Want Me…” 
However, Lu nanze did not hear any of this. 
The Butler couldn’t help but sigh. “You child, really Where’s your family? Tell uncle and I’ll take you to your mother, okay?” 
Kaka was placed on the ground and cried very aggrievedly. His little appearance made people’s hearts ache. 
He shook his head and stared into the room. “I want to find my father.” 
“Who’s your father?” 
“Lu nanze.” d. c
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler’s mouth twitched. This was the first time he had seen someone acknowledge his father! 
This child was so young and definitely did not have such a scheming mind. Could it be That some woman wanted to use this child as a test to get a higher position
However, this child really did look a little like Sir! 
Thinking of this, the Butler shook his head again. He straightened his face and master doesn’t have a son, so you’re definitely not. Who’s your mother? tell me, and I’ll take you to her. Otherwise, I’ll have to send you to the police!” 
Hearing this, Kaka’s eyes flickered a few times. Then he lowered his head and said,””My, my My mother is Wu . 
Before the word “scar” could be said, a voice was heard,”uncle, who is this child?”
###Chapter 1931 – My Mother Is Wuhen (1) 
The voice was a little nervous, but it was still childish. 
Upon hearing this, everyone turned their heads in unison and saw a young lady standing not far away, staring at them timidly. 
The little girl looked to be about five years old. She was wearing a princess dress and was very pretty. She even had a gem necklace on her head. She looked like a little princess. 
She blinked her big eyes and stared at little Kaka. Then she looked at the housekeeper and said,””Uncle, who is this?” 
There was a little nervousness in her voice, as if she was afraid that this child had something to do with their family. 
“It’s nothing,” the Butler said.”Some kid went to the wrong house, so I’m sending him back now.” 
But the next moment, little Kaka immediately pushed the Butler away and ran into the room, shouting,””Daddy, I’m Kaka. Daddy, I’m Kaka …” 
Lu nanze remained unmoved in the study. 
The Butler rushed up and held little Kaka in his arms. 
Although little Kaka was flexible, he was still a child after all. He couldn’t break free from the Butler’s restraints at all, and was carried out by the Butler little by little. 
When he was sent to the door, the Butler sighed. “Alright, if you continue to make a fuss, I wont be polite anymore. Uncle is going to be angry! He was going to spank her butt! Be good and go find your mom and dad, don’t come here and make trouble!” 
Little Kaka still wanted to say something, but a childish voice came from behind,”uncle, let me talk to her.” 
The Butler sighed and stepped aside. 
The girl came forvvard, looked at little Kaka and said,””Little brother, everyone has their own parents. Mr. Lu is my father, so you will have your own parents too. It’s not right for you to snatch my father away from me like this.” e?.＆nbsp;c?
Hearing this, Kaka snorted coldly”, “That my father!” 
“My father!” 
‘My father!” The cracking sound was even louder. 
The girl was angry. She directly reached out her hand and pushed Kaka out. 
Kaka was still young. After being pushed, he fell to the ground. Because it was summer, he didn’t wear many clothes. 
Therefore, little Kaka’s leg was grazed. 
He looked at his bleeding leg and started crying. 
No one had expected such a scene, so everyone panicked. 
Even the Butler couldn’t bear to see the crying child. 
It couldn’t be helped, this child was too cute. 
The girl also looked very scared. She took a step back and looked at little Kaka. She wanted to say something, but she didn’t know what to say. In the end, she just cried with Kaka! 
The Butler immediately panicked. “What’s wrong? What’s going on?” 
Little Kaka opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but the girl immediately said,””He said that I don’t have a mother. He even said that he wanted to take my father away from me He also wanted to hit me, so I couldn’t help but push him Wuwuwu …” 
The Butler’s face darkened immediately. 
When little Kaka heard this, he was stunned. He twitched and stared at the girl in disbelief.”l didn’t 
Before he could finish, the Butler waved his hand.. “Someone come quickly and take this child to the police station! Don’t make a scene here! What are you saying by disturbing Sir!”
###Chapter 1932 – My Mother Is Wuhen (2) 
As soon as he said this, a security guard immediately came over and carried little Kaka up.”Little kid, come with us. Tell us who your mother is and we’ll send you back.” 
Little Kaka cried very aggrievedly. He was sniffling and was carried out by the security guards. 
Before he carried her out, little Kaka looked at the girl. 
The girl stood behind the Butler. 
The housekeeper looked at Kaka and sighed, but the girl stuck out her tongue at him, then opened her mouth and said two words,””Goodbye.” 
Little Kaka was speechless. 
Little Kaka frowned and sobbed. Just as he was about to be taken out of the Lu family, he suddenly heard a voice.”Wait a minute.” 
This voice … 
Little Kaka looked up excitedly and saw Lu nanze standing at the entrance of the living room, staring at him. 
Little Kaka immediately felt wronged. 
He pursed his lips and stared at Lu nanze. Then he opened his mouth and was about to cry when Lu nanze chided him,””Men don’t shed tears easily! A man should shed blood instead of tears, what are you crying for?” 
As a result, the next cry was directly suppressed in Kaka’s throat and turned into a sobbing sound. 
He sniffled, but tried his best to suppress it. He was afraid that Lu nanze would hate him. Hiccuping, he said,””Daddy, I, I won’t cry, I’ll be good . 
Lu nanze felt particularly depressed when he heard her call him ‘dad’. 
He didn’t know why, but he actually felt that this ‘daddy’ was very appropriate and made him feel very comfortable. 
However, when he looked at this completely unfamiliar child in front of him, he did not know where he had seen him before. He did not know why he had such a strong sense of familiarity. 
He furrowed his brows and looked at the Butler.””Bandage him up. If we bring him out to the police like this, it’ll look like we’re bullying the child.” 
The Butler immedia tely nodded. 
To be honest, he couldn’t bear to see such a cute child. 
He immediately took a step forward and took Kaka from the security guard’s hands. He carried it into the living room and took the first aid box. After that, the Butler disinfected him. 
When the medicine was applied to the wound, Kaka cried out in pain. 
However, just as he opened his mouth and was about to call out, he saw Lu nanze’s wary gaze. 
Hence, he immediately suppressed the words that he was about to say. 
His eyes were filled with tears as he looked at Lu nanze pitifully. 
Lu nanze’s heart softened at the sight of her eyes. 
He didn’t know what was wrong with him. It was as if he was possessed. He suddenly wanted to take a step forward, touch his head, and comfort him. 
However, he stopped halfway through. 
It was simply 
He turned around and entered the study. 
Downstairs, Kaka saw Lu nanze enter the study and pouted. It wanted to cry, but at the thought of Lu nanze’s appearance, it immediately pouted and kept quiet. 
The Butler hugged her and said,”l’ll give you two choices now. One is to call your parents, and the other is to send you to the police station. Which one do you want?” 
When little Kaka heard this, he immediately felt even more aggrieved. 
“I’m going to call mom,”he said slowly. 
The Butler nodded. 
Xiao Kaka picked up his phone and dialed Qiao Yiyi’s number. As soon as the call connected, he heard Qiao Yiyi’s anxious “Hello” from the other side.. Xiao Kaka immediately cried out in grievance and started to cry!
###Chapter 1933 – My Mother Is Wuhen (3) 
Qiao Yiyi was really anxious. 
Little Kaka had been very good at doing things since he was a child. There was nothing he couldn’t do. 
When she left, she was already acting very strange, but she never thought that little Kaka would really go out! 
She didn’t even need to think to know where he had gone! 
She must have gone to look for Lu nanze! 
This child … This child! What if I get lost halfway
Although she was very smart, she was still a four-year-old child! 
Qiao Yiyi was so anxious that she was about to cry. 
She really wanted to know where little Kaka had gone. 
She wanted to call the Lu family villa, but she was also hoping that Kaka might not be at the Lu family’s Villa at this moment. 
She went downstairs and got into her sports car. Just as she was about to run to the Lu residence, her phone rang. 
He lowered his head and saw that it was little Kaka’s phone number. 
As soon as the call was connected, he suddenly heard little Kaka’s uncontrollable crying! 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart clenched. She couldn’t help but ask softly, “Baby, what’s wrong? Who bullied you? Mommy will help you call back!” 
Little Kaka twitched and couldn’t speak. He just cried. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. Her voice became more anxious and her heart softened. 
She was very patient with little Kaka. The two of them had relied on each other for so many years and their relationship was very good. 
At this moment, she felt her heart clench when Kaka cried like this. 
Little Kaka continued to cry and didn’t speak. i. 
Qiao Yiyi panicked and patiently coaxed,”baby …” 
Before she could finish her sentence, the phone seemed to have been snatched away by someone. Then, she heard the familiar voice of the Butler. ‘Madam, your child is missing. Are you here to take him back?” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately knew where they were. 
Her voice suddenly turned cold, and she sneered,””l’ll be right there. ” 
After saying this, she hung up the phone with a “PA.” 
The Butler was speechless. 
He hadn’t even told her the address, so how did this person know where it was
It seemed like She was really planning to use the child to blackmail him
However, even if it was a scam, this person had chosen the wrong place, right
This was the Lu family, who would dare to provoke them! 
But Why did that voice sound so familiar
Just as he was thinking, he heard an even louder deafening cry. 
The Butler immediately lowered his head.”Oh my God, my ancestor , can you stop crying? This cry is too evil!” 
However, little Kaka felt wronged. He just couldn’t stop crying. 
After a while, she heard a voice from upstairs. “What are you crying for?!” Xiaokaka’s crying was immediately stuck. 
Then, he looked up at Lu nanze, who was standing at the corridor, and said,””Daddy 
Then, he reached out his arms.”Daddy, hug . 
Lu nanze frowned. 
The Butler immediately lowered his head.”Alright, alright. Little friend, don’t cry anymore. If you continue crying, our Sir is going to be angry.” Kaka pouted. 
“If our Sir is angry, he’ll beat people up!” The Butler immediately said. 
Tears flowed out of little Kaka’s eyes. He opened his mouth and wanted to continue crying. 
However, before she could cry, she heard the Butler say,”
###Chapter 1934 – My Mother Is Wuhen (4) 
“Our master hates it when people cry. Please don’t cry, or I’ll throw you out.” 
Little Kaka immediately closed his mouth. His small body looked particularly pitiful. 
The Butler couldn’t help but want to hug him when he saw him like this. 
The girl on the other side timidly stepped forward and looked at the Butler.””Uncle, why is little brother crying? Is it because of the pain in your leg?” 
After she said this, she reached out and touched the wound. 
Kaka immediately cried out in pain. He wanted to cry, but he seemed to remember the Butler’s words, so he immediately cried and didn’t dare to cry. 
He looked even more pitiful. 
The girl nervously retracted her hand.”I … Little brother, I didn’t do it on purpose. Don’t cry … Little brother, is your mother here to pick you up?” 
Little Kaka’s eyes were filled with tears, and his face was pale from the pain. 
The Butler sighed when he saw this. 
After an unknown period of time, the sound of a car was finally heard from the entrance. Immediately after, a sports car stopped directly outside the entrance. 
Then, someone knocked on the door of the Lu family mansion. Not only was the doorbell ringing, but someone was also knocking on the door roughly! 
“Open the door!” Qiao Yiyi roared. Baby, are you inside?” Mommy’s here to take you home!” 
When the Butler heard this, he turned to look at the door. 
The little girl took the opportunity to pinch Kaka’s injured leg again. 
When little Kaka heard his mother’s voice, he immediately felt aggrieved again and suddenly burst into tears again! 
Then, he was pinched again, and Gao Yang’s crying immediately changed! 
When Qiao Yiyi heard the sound of crying and the screams, she felt terrible. Instead of knocking on the door, she kicked it. In her panic, she forgot that she knew how to open the door. She kicked the door repeatedly and said, “Lu nanze, open the door for me!” 
The housekeeper had never heard Wu Hen speak before. Although this voice was similar to Madam’s when she was weak, she had never heard such a strong voice before, so she didn’t recognize it at first. She only heard Qiao Yiyi scolding someone and got angry.”Where did this person come from? first, she used a child to blackmail us. Now, she’s here and even kicked the door! You guys, come with me! I’d like to see what’s going on!” 
After saying this, the Butler led his men to the door. 
However, she had only taken two steps when she suddenly heard footsteps behind her. 
Stunned, the Butler turned around and saw Lu nanze dashing towards the door like a gust of wind. 
‘Wuhen!” 
He directly opened the door. 
Because the door had been opened in a hurry, Qiao Yiyi’S foot, which was outside, landed on Lu nanze’s calf. 
Lu nanze didn’t respond, but Qiao Yiyi pushed him away and went straight to Kaka. 
When he saw little Kaka sitting on the sofa, looking pitiful, he rushed up and picked little Kaka up! “Ka ka!” 
“Wuwuwu, mom!” 
Qiao Yiyi was furious.”What’s wrong? What’s going on with my leg? Who bullied you? I’ll tear his farts apart!” 
Little Kaka immediately stretched out his hand and pointed at the little girl next to him.””lt ‘s, it’s her 
Qiao Yiyi turned around immediately. Her pupils shrank when she saw that it was a five-year-old girl who had bullied Kaka..
###Chapter 1935 – My Mother Is Wuhen (5) 
He didn’t even need to think to know who this girl was. 
Even though he had only seen Qiao Yiyi once before she died, Qiao Yiyi had remembered her features. 
The girl in front of him looked exactly like Qiao Yiyi. They looked so much like each other that he knew without a doubt that she was Qiao Yiyi’s child. 
In other words, she was also Lu nanze’s daughter
So, Lu nanze’s daughter had bullied her Kaka
Qiao Yi was furious. He took a step forward and grabbed the girl.”What did you do to Kaka?!” 
The girl immediately looked panicked.”I, I didn’t do anything. Aunty, it was younger brother who wanted to hit me, so I took a step back and wanted to avoid it. I didn’t expect … Aunty, I was wrong …” 
After she finished speaking, she lowered her head and started crying. 
Unfortunately, she was only a five-year-old girl, after all, and her acting skills were terrible. 
At least, Qiao Yiyi could tell at one glance. She sneered and turned to look at Lu nanze. 
She wanted to say something, but her sleeve was immediately grabbed by Kaka. 
Immediately, Kaka couldn’t help but it’s not about daddy. Kaka 
wants daddy …” 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart ached when she heard that. 
Ever since she was young, Kaka had always wanted a father. 
However, she couldn’t satisfy Kaka’s wish. 
Kaka’s most common question was,”mommy, Why does daddy not want us anymore
And now. . 
She had clearly been hurt by Lu nanze’s daughter, but she had grabbed her hand and said that it was not her father’s fault. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes reddened. She pointed at Lu nanze and immediately started scolding him. “Lu nanze, she’s your good daughter! What do you think she did to Kaka?” 
Lu nanze had been deceived. 
He looked at Qiao Yiyi in shock and then at Kaka. 
He stared at the mother and son in complete disbelief. 
His eyes swept across little Kaka’s body, and finally he suddenly remembered that Kaka called him daddy. He thought that after he saw Kaka, he always felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity 
Wasn’t Kaka the same as him when he was young
He had even seen photos of himself when he was young. 
Little Kaka and he were completely carved from the same mold! 
So… 
So, little Kaka was his son
He couldn’t believe it and was extremely shocked. 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi and opened his mouth. In the end, he said with uncertainty, “Was it that time?” 
She got pregnant just from that one time
And she even gave birth to such an adorable son
Thinking of this, he couldn’t help but look at Kaka again. 
She felt her heart melt in an instant. 
The creator was just so magical. When he found out that this was his son, a wonderful feeling immediately spread through his body! 
This was the continuation of his bloodline, his son! 
He was so excited and shocked that he couldn’t speak for a while. 
He squatted down and looked at the part of his leg that was injured. 
He reached out his hand, wanting to touch the wound, but he was afraid of hurting him. 
She wanted to touch his head, but she was afraid of hurting him. 
He just squatted there and looked at Qiao Yiyi.”IS-IS this our son
Although it was a question, Lu nanze’s tone was very certain. 
This must be his son!
###Chapter 1936 – My Mother Is Wuhen (6) 
Lu nanze stared at them in shock. He was very sure that this was his son. 
But the next moment, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but sneer and say, “She’s not your son. ” 
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank when he heard this. 
Qiao Yiyi pointed at the little girl.”That’s your daughter, isn’t it?” You already have a daughter, why do you still want Kaka?” 
After saying this, he picked up Kaka and turned around to leave! 
If he was even a little fair, he would not let an older child bully a younger child! 
After all, they were both his daughters. 
However, his heart had drifted to the Pacific Ocean! 
Up until now, he didn’t even mention anything about asking the little girl to apologize to Kaka. 
Qiao Yiyi was so angry that she was about to explode. 
Kaka could be bullied by anyone, but not this little girl! 
She carried Kaka and walked out. 
Lu nanze came back to his senses and hurriedly chased after her.”Wuhen, let me explain. This is not …” 
“Not what? Your daughter bullied my Kaka. I’m telling you, Kaka is my everything! Bullying her is my bottom line! I’m telling you If this girl doesn’t apologize to Kaka today, I won’t let her go!” 
At these domineering words, Lu nanze couldn’t help but sigh.””They’re all kids, and it’s okay for kids to fight Besides, he’s a boy, so he shouldn’t be calculative with a girl! Boys should be more open-minded . 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes widened in shock. “He …” 
Before he could finish, he heard Kaka I know. I’m a boy. I won’t hold it against my sister!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked down at Kaka, who was tugging at her sleeve. ?nd. ?m
Qiao Yiyi was stunned, but she didn’t say anything. 
Lu nanze was about to say something, but Qiao Yiyi cut in.” “ I’ll be leaving first. 
Lu nanze chased after her.”Wuhen, you-” 
“Stop. If you have anything to say, say it tomorrow.” 
Lu nanze wanted to chase after her, but he didn’t want to push wuhen too far. 
Hence, he nodded. 
Then , he saw wuhen leave the Lu family with Kaka in his arms. 
There was a sense of revival in his eyes. 
He and Wu Hen had a son Did that mean that there was still a chance between them
This thought made him feel like he had seen hope. 
Outside, Qiao Yiyi carried Kaka into the car. 
Then , he immediately fixed little Kaka on the child seat and immediately held little Kaka’s leg. He frowned and looked at her wound.”Kaka, it’S wrong to lie, you know?” 
Little Kaka lowered his head.”l know.” 
“Why did you say that you’re a boy?” Qiao Yiyi asked, looking at her seriously. Even if you’re both daughters of the Lu family, you’re her sister. What right does she have to hit you?” 
Kaka sighed and said in a baby voice,””Mom, didn’t you always say that dad values boys over girls? when you were pregnant, he found out that I was a girl, so he abandoned us, right? Since that’s the case, I’ll turn into a boy. Compared to boys, I’m just lacking a ***!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
“Author’s note: wow I’ve finally finished writing yesterday’s and today’s chapters I’m still in Shanghai and haven’t returned home yet.] I’ve had some personal matters to attend to for the past two days, so I delayed yesterday’s update. I’ve put it at the top of the comments section and asked for leave. In the future, if you can’t see any updates, you can go there and take a look. I’ll ask for leave too. I won’t stop updating without saying anything Also, Qiao Yiyi will soon find out that the little girl isn’t lu nanze ‘s. Don’t worry, there won’t be any misunderstandings..
###Chapter 1937: – My Mother Is Wuhen (7) 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Kaka in shock and couldn’t say a word at this moment. 
She only felt a sour and bitter feeling in her heart. 
She had always felt that she gave the best to her child. 
Ever since she was young, she had everything that others should have. She had also been particularly doting on her. Just like tonight, when she heard Kaka’s crying, her heart ached terribly. 
Even if it was a matter between two children, and her rationality told her not to interfere, she still couldn’t help but want to punish the little girl. 
However, at this moment, she realized that it was not enough. 
Because Kaka lacked fatherly love. 
Even if she was satisfied with Kaka’s material needs, she would never be able to satisfy Kaka’s fatherly love. 
Kaka’s desire for a father was far greater than she had expected. 
She stared at little Kaka, and for a moment, sadness drowned her like the sea. 
She didn’t know what to say or do. She could only hold little Kaka in her arms, wanting to use her most sincere warmth to make up for the lack of money all these years. 
Little Kaka felt her emotions and immediately reached out his little hand, patted her shoulder, and then said,””Mom, don’t be sad. I just want to experience life with a father. After I’m done, I’ll come back. It’s fine even if we don’t live with dad in the future Qiao Yiyi’s eyes turned red. 
Little Kaka bit his lips. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at her.”Kaka, what else do you want? can you tell mommy?” 
Little Kaka nodded. “Mommy, can I make a request?” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded.”Whatever you say, mom will satisfy you.” 
Lil ‘Kaka stared at Qiao Yiyi.”Can you Not tell Daddy that I’m a girl?” 
Qiao Yiyi opened her mouth and wanted to say something, but she didn’t know how to answer. 
If she told Kaka that it wasn’t that her father didn’t like girls, then Kaka would ask her why they couldn’t be with her father. How was she going to answer
She said that it was because her father loved another woman more than she did, and she couldn’t accept it
Qiao Yiyi was silent for a moment. In the end, she nodded.”Okay.” 
If Kaka didn’t want to say it, then he wouldn’t say it. 
Anyway, so what if Lu nanze knew that she was a girl
They were destined to be apart. It was good that things were like this. 
He wanted Kaka to experience a magical life. 
Qiao Yiyi put Kaka in the baby seat, started the car, and drove into the hotel. 
When they arrived at the hotel, Qiao Yiyi checked the wound on Kaka’s leg. After confirming that it was only a scratch and no other infection, she was relieved. 
She raised her head and looked at little Kaka.”Although that little girl is one year older than you, she shouldn’t have hurt you. Kaka, how did you get hurt?” i?r． o
Even though Qiao Yiyi had to dote on her child, she had taught her everything. 
Little Kaka was not afraid of a ten-year-old child, so how could he be bullied by a five-year-old girl
“Mommy said that you’re not allowed to hurt others with those,” little Kaka said hesitantly. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately explained, “Kaka, mom did say that you can’t take the initiative to attack if others don’t hurt you.. But if someone attacks you, then you have to fight back appropriately!”
###Chapter 1938 – My Mother Is Wuhen (8) 
Hearing this, little Kaka bit his lip. 
Qiao Yiyi thought that she hadn’t figured it out and immediately said,””Kaka, if you can’t even fight back when you encounter bad people, then why did I teach you those things? It’s all for you to protect yourself!” 
Little Kaka tilted his head.”Mom, I’m wrong. I shouldn’t have lied to you.” I was actually thinking that if I was injured, my father wouldn’t ignore me. You see, because I was injured, my father let me stay to treat my wound …” 
Her voice was getting softer and softer, but Qiao Yiyi’s heart ached even more. 
She stared at Kaka and couldn’t say anything for a while. 
Little Kaka took a step forward and held her arm.”Mom, isn’t this called the trick of injuring oneself to gain the advantage of others …” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
He was such a young child, but in order to stay longer and accompany his father, he had put in so much effort … 
How persistent was she towards her father
Qiao Yiyi sighed. 
That night, Qiao Yiyi stared at Kaka, who was in a deep sleep. She couldn’t fall asleep. 
The sleeping little Kaka was innocent and his little face was very cute. 
But even in her sleep, she was still calling out, “ Dad…dad..” 
Qiao Yiyi was dumbfounded. 
She hugged Kaka, hugged her small body, and couldn’t speak. rа. Co
The next day, Kaka got up just as the sun rose. 
Qiao Yiyi had already prepared a beautiful princess dress for her and handed it to her.”Little Kaka, this is your birthday present-‘V 
It was Kaka’s fourth birthday today. 
Kaka was very excited when he heard this. He looked at the princess dress and his eyes lit up. 
Kaka was actually a delicate little girl. She loved beauty and liked shiny and beautiful things. 
She had been eyeing this princess dress for a long time, but Qiao Yiyi had been holding it back and hadn’t bought it for her. 
After buying it today, Kaka was extremely excited. 
She changed into the princess dress and turned a few times in front of the mirror. Then, she touched her head sadly.”lt’s a pity that I don’t have any hair.” The little girl was a little sad. 
Qiao Yiyi remembered that Kaka used to like to tie all kinds of small braids, but now 
It turned out that she had suddenly forced him to shave her head because she wanted to find her father. 
Just as she was thinking about this, Kaka took off the princess dress and folded it neatly. He put it in his storage box, then took out a slightly androgynous shirt and put it on himself. Then, he turned to Qiao Yiyi. “Mom, I’m done putting on my clothes. Let’s go out!” He said. This way, even if I run into dad on the road, he won’t be able to tell that I’m a girl!” 
Since it was Kaka’s birthday, Qiao Yiyi would definitely take her out to play. She had freed up the entire day just to take Kaka to the amusement park. 
Seeing Kaka’s reaction, she wanted to say,”Suzhou is a big city. Even if we go out to play, we might not run into your father. Besides, based on Lu nanze’s personality, how could he possibly appear at the amusement park?” 
However, looking at little Kaka’s appearance, she couldn’t say this. 
Perhaps in Kaka’s heart, meeting his father by chance was the most exciting thing today. 
She nodded and opened the hotel door. She wanted to go out with Kaka, but the moment she opened the door, she saw the person standing outside..
###Chapter 1939 – : My Mother Is Wuhen (9) 
Lu nanze had been standing there for a long time, staring at Qiao Yiyi and Kaka. When he saw them leave, his gaze first swept across Qiao Yiyi, then fell on Kaka. 
Kaka heaved a sigh of relief and looked up at Qiao Yiyi, meaning to say,”look, I really met my father by chance.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. She turned to Lu nanze and asked,””What are you doing here?” 
“I want to talk to you,” Lu nanze said. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes coldly.”I have nothing to talk to you about. I …” 
Before she could finish her words, her wrist was held by a pair of gentle hands. 
Qiao Yiyi choked and lowered her head. She saw little Kaka looking up at her with a pair of eyes full of anticipation. 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows. After a while, she compromised.”Okay, you can talk to me, but you have to promise me one thing.” 
Lu nanze immediately said nervously,””Just say it, I’ll agree to anything.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he added,”as long as I can do it.” If she asked him to leave, he would just say that he couldn’t do it. 
“I’ll play with Kaka for a day,”Qiao Yiyi said. 
Lu nanze was stunned. 
Then he lowered his head and looked at Kaka 
The petite Kaka was staring at him with a pair of lustful eyes. Lu nanze immediately his name Is Kaka?” 
Little Kaka immediately nodded.”Hello, dad. I want to introduce myself. My name is Qiao Kaka, four years old this year. It’s our second time meeting. 
Please take care of me.” 
He was like a little adult, and Lu nanze’s heart couldn’t help but soften. 
Lu nanze nodded and said,”okay, little Kaka, nice to meet you. I’m your father.” 
Little Kaka reached out and held Lu nanze’s big hand.”So daddy will be Kaka’s father alone today. Will you be spending Kaka’s birthday with me?” 
Lu nanze was shocked. “Today’s your birthday?” 
Little Kaka nodded. 
Lu nanze did some mental calculations. Back then, after his one-night stand with Qiao Yiyi, she had gotten pregnant. She had been pregnant for nine months. Wasn’t it this month?n?а. ?m
He lifted his head and looked at Qiao Yiyi. Four years ago, she had given birth to a baby for him in a foreign country and a foreign place. 
He squinted his eyes and nodded immediately.”Okay, daddy will celebrate your birthday with you today.” 
As he said this, he lowered his head, picked up Kaka, and put it on his neck. 
Kaka was shocked at first, but then he couldn’t help but laugh. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned by Lu nanze’s actions. Just as she was about to stop him, she heard a cracking sound and stopped in her tracks. 
She looked at Kaka’s smile, which was sweeter than the previous days, and she couldn’t help but smile. 
Life was already so hard, why should he make himself so unhappy. 
Since Kaka liked him and Lu nanze had not done anything to hurt her in the past few years, why should she stop them from being intimate
Since Kaka is so happy, I’ll fulfill their wishes. 
Qiao Yiyi fell silent for a moment, then followed him. 
Lu nanze carried Kaka to the underground car park and placed it in his nanny van. 
He sat in the back and looked at Qiao Yiyi..
###Chapter 1940 – My Mother Is Wuhen (10) 
Qiao Yiyi followed him without any hesitation. 
Lu nanze heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this. 
As long as Qiao Yiyi didn’t get into a fight, they could have a rational conversation. 
Qiao Yiyi wasn’t pretentious at all. Since she wanted to make Kaka happy, how could Kaka be happy if she was entangled with Lu nanze
They were divorced, but were they still husband and wife
But they could also be friends. 
After all, they still respected each other back then. 
However, after getting into the car, Qiao Yiyi saw Lu nanze put Kaka on the seat and pick up his phone. He said to Kaka,””Kaka, sit for a while. Daddy is busy. After that, I’ll come and accompany you, okay?” 
Kaka was obviously a little disappointed, but he still nodded sensibly. 
Qiao Yiyi saw this and couldn’t help but sneer.”CEO Lu is really busy. You don’t even have time to accompany your child.” 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanzevs hand, which was holding the phone, paused for a moment. Then he looked up at her with a bitter smile, but did not say anything. He just lowered his head and con tinued to send some messages. 
Qiao Yiyi was a little angry when she saw that he was really busy. 
However, he couldn’t let out this anger. 
She wanted Lu nanze to play with Kaka for the entire day. 
But seeing how focused Lu nanze was 
She turned her head to look out of the car. Out of sight, out of mind. 
After about 15 minutes, Lu nanze seemed to have finally finished his work. He put his phone aside, picked up the drowsy Kaka, and placed him on his lap. 
He picked up Kaka and looked at Qiao Yiyi.”This child, isn’t she a little petite? It’S too light. Is it because the nutrition cant keep up
How could a four-year-old boy be so light
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. She was a little angry that Lu nanze had been busy with his work and ignored Kaka. So, she said in a harsh worry, CEO Lu. Although I’m not as rich as your family, I won’t let my child go hungry!” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
That was not what Lu nanze meant at all. 
He just wanted to show some concern for Kaka. 
However, seeing that Qiao Yiyi was unhappy, Lu nanze still did not explain. 
However, Kaka spoke first.”Dad, I’m not light. I go for a physical examination every month and I’m the standard weight!” 
‘Yes,” Lu nanze said, “that’s probably because dad has no experience.” Kaka nodded.”You’ll know when you bring me around to play more in the future.’ 
Qiao Yiyi sneered and continued to look out of the window. 
Soon, they arrived at the amusement park. 
After they got out of the car, Qiao Yiyi was about to go to the side to buy the tickets when suddenly, someone jogged over and handed them the tickets to the amusement park and some hats.”Sir, the things you asked us to buy are all ready.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this. She said, “ When are you going to make them 
As she said this, she suddenly paused and understood. 
She had misunderstood Lu nanze. 
After Lu nanze got into the car, he was not busy with work. He was arranging today’s schedule. He wanted to make Kaka’s birthday more perfect. d. ?ｍ
When she realized that she had misunderstood him, she immediately felt guilty. 
At this moment, Lu nanze pulled out a bouquet of flowers from somewhere and handed it to her.”Yiyi, the child’s birthday is a bitter day for me. Thank you for continuing my bloodline four years ago.” 
[PS: the plot is always warm, see you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 1941 – She’S Not My Daughter (1) 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
During the years she had been abroad, she was used to being alone, taking care of her child, raising her child, and doing everything by herself. 
She had never expected Lu nanze to say something like that. 
She lowered her head to look at the bouquet of red roses, not knowing what to say for a moment. 
It was just a warm current that surged up in her heart, making her suddenly feel an inexplicable sense of weakness. 
Ever since her mother passed away, she had made herself invulnerable and strong. At this moment, her pretense was easily destroyed by a bouquet of flowers. 
When Qiao Yiyi realized this, she was stunned. She raised her head and took the flowers. She put them aside and said casually,”Thank you,” he said. 
Lu nanze could feel her sudden estrangement, but he did not give up. 
It was easier said than done to move wuhen’s heart. He had put in so much effort back then, and now, he needed to put in even more effort. 
To be honest. 
Lu nanze knew that what he had done a few years ago was wrong. He had given Qiao Lian the ginseng that she had risked her life to obtain. 
That was why he kept it a secret and didn’t want wuhen to know. 
At the time, he didn’t know that Qiao Yiyi was wuhen, so Qiao Yiyi saw the truth. 
Even if he was traceless, he would probably be very angry. 
He had let her down. 
Therefore, he had to be more patient now. 
As long as Wu Hen still had him in his heart, he would continue to work hard and not lose her. 
At this thought, Lu nanze immediately looked at Kaka and picked her up in his arms.”Alright, Kaka, let’s go to the amusement park. VVhat do you want to play? The tickets had already been bought! There was no need to line up for all the events today! I can play with you to your heart’s content!” 
When little Kaka heard this, he immediately said, “”The merry-go-round! Dad, I want to ride the merry-go-round!” 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze immediately said,””Kaka, the merry-go-round is something only girls should play. As a boy, you should play something more exciting. I’ll accompany you, okay?” 
Little Kaka’s face turned pale. She was the most delicate and didn’t like intense exercise since she was young. She was even reluctant to learn martial arts from Qiao Yiyi. 
But when she thought about how no matter what she did today, she would be with her father, she immediately felt at ease. 
Therefore, little Kaka nodded directly. “Okay, daddy, let’s go and play!” r. om
Lu nanze entered the amusement park with Kaka in his arms. 
Qiao Yiyi stood behind the two of them and watched as Lil ‘Kaka rode on Lu nanze’s neck, looking so happy and excited. Suddenly, she wanted time to stop at this moment so that she could make sure that Lil’ Kaka was happy forever. 
However, she knew that this idea was not desirable. 
She also knew that she and Lu nanze would never have a future together. 
As these thoughts flashed through her mind, her eyes suddenly dimmed. She lowered her eyes, then took a step forward and followed him. 
In the amusement park, the sound of laughter could be heard in every corner. 
She did not feel tired at all throughout the day. 
When they were done playing and on their way home, she could not take it anymore in the car. She fell into Lu nanze’s arms and fell asleep..
###Chapter 1942 – : She’S Not My Daughter (2) 
Even though little Kaka was fast asleep, it was still holding onto Lu nanze’s finger, as if it was afraid that Lu nanze would leave. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything, but her eyes were deep. 
Lu nanze looked at Kaka and immediately said,””Kaka likes me very much.” 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t deny it, so she nodded. 
Lu nanze could not help but ask tentatively,””Then, you …” 
“I have a boyfriend.” 
After Qiao Yiyi said this, she looked up.”Kaka likes him too.” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
The words that Lu nanze wanted to say were stuck in his throat, unable to come out. 
Qiao Yiyi’s rejection was so obvious that he couldn’t continue. 
However, there was no hurry … 
Lu nanze nodded and said,”I’m glad you like it. Actually, as long as Kaka is happy, I’m fine with it.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
“Kaka really likes to play with me,” Lu nanze said.”Can I play with her more in the future?” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she was stunned and didn’t say anything. 
Lu nanze took the opportunity to continue asking, “are you planning to settle down in Suzhou this time?” And you’re still going abroad after a while?” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and said, “I’ll still have to leave after some time. ” 
Lu nanze immediately looked disappointed and said, “then the time between me and Kaka Actually, if you want, Kaka can give it to me, I 
“lmpossible!” Qiao Yiyi looked up agitatedly. She stared at Lu nanze and said in a very strong voice,””Lu nanze, Kaka is my child and the only family I have left. No matter what, you can’t take her away from me!” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze immediately waved his hand and said, “that’s not what I meant. I 
mean, if you’re busy, I can I don’t have any intention of snatching her away, 
She sighed again. “Wuhen, am I that kind of person in your heart?” 
Was he such a person
It didn’t seem so. 
So, why was she so agitated just now
Qiao Yiyi frowned and a wave of sadness surged in her heart. After a while, she took a deep breath and turned to look out the window. She didn’t say anything else. 
The car soon arrived at the entrance of the hotel. 
When Qiao Yiyi got out of the car, she reached out to take Kaka away from Lu nanze’s arms. However, after trying, she realized that Kaka’s grip on Lu nanze’s hand was very tight. She tried to pull it out but realized that she couldn’t move it at all. 
She hesitated for a moment and saw Lu nanze step out of the car with Kaka in his arms. “I’ll walk you up.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
The sky was already dark, and it was eighto’ clock in the evening. 
Wasn’t it a bad idea to bring Lu nanze to her hotel like this
However, Kaka was tugging at his sleeve. She was sleeping so deeply, and he really couldn’t bear to wake her up. 
Qiao Yiyi hesitated for a moment before nodding.”Sure, come with me.” 
Lu nanze carried Kaka and followed Qiao Yiyi up the stairs. 
They soon arrived at the hotel room. 
Lu nanze walked to the bed and placed Kaka on it. Then he stood up and looked at Qiao Yiyi..
###Chapter 1943 – She’S Not My Daughter (3) 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Kaka on the bed and thought for a moment before following Lu nanze out. 
The hotel was a suite with a bedroom inside and a living room outside. The two of them sat in the living room. ?α. o
Qiao Yiyi handed Lu nanze a glass of water and sat down in silence for a while. Then she said,””Kaka does like you a lot, but I’m at work now and no one is taking care of Kaka. I’m looking for a nanny, but I can’t find one in a short time. How about this, I’ll send Kaka to your place when I go to work, and then I’ll pick her up after work. Is that okay?” 
Lu nanze immediately nodded and said,”sure.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything else. 
Instead, Lu nanze stood up. After looking around the hotel, he took out a set of keys from his bag and handed them to Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi was taken aback. She narrowed her eyes.”What do you mean?” 
Lu nanze immediately waved his hand and said,”don’t misunderstand. This is the villa you used to live in. I’m not giving it to you. I’m giving it to Kaka.” 
Qiao Yiyi was about to say something when Lu nanze interrupted her , “Kaka is my son. It’s only natural for me to give her something. I believe that Kaka would be very happy to have it.” 
Qiao Yiyi was silent for a moment. She thought about it and felt that it was not right for her to stay in the hotel. 
Now that he was living in Suzhou, he did need a villa of his own. However, it was extremely difficult to find a good villa at the last minute. 
So, in order to make Kaka more comfortable, she didn’t want to be pretentious. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and took the key.”Thank you. ” 
Lu nanze heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that she had given up. He then looked at Kaka on the bed and said reluctantly,””Then I’ll take my leave first.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
After Lu nanze left, Qiao Yiyi washed up and lay on the bed. 
She held little Kaka in her arms and saw little Kaka turn around in his sleep. Then, he hugged her arm with both hands and touched her body back and forth with his small hands. Then, he found a comfortable position and shouted with satisfaction, “Daddy …” 
Then, he continued to sleep. 
She smiled, looking so innocent. 
Qiao Yiyi kissed her forehead and lay down. 
The night passed uneventfully. When Kaka woke up the next morning, he opened his eyes and looked around the room for his father. When he found that his father was not in the room, he pouted his little mouth and felt a little wronged. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but Pat her head.”Alright, I’ll take you to see dad today, okay?” 
Kaka’s eyes immediately lit up. 
“I’ll pick you up after I get off work, “Qiao Yiyi said. 
‘Mom, you can work overtime or not come back,” Kaka said directly. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
This little Kaka, how could he be so heartless! 
Did she not want her mother anymore now that she had a father
Qiao Yiyi poked her forehead before packing her luggage. She got into her sports car and drove to the Lu family’s Villa. 
The Lu family must have given them instructions. Hence, after Qiao Yiyi’s car stopped at the Lu residence, she was about to call Lu nanze when the metal gates opened by themselves. 
Qiao Yiyi had wanted to leave immediately after sending Kaka in. 
However, she had no choice but to drive the car in. After she parked the car, she saw Lu nanze walking out of the living room..
###Chapter 1944 – She’S Not My Daughter (4) 
Little Kaka rushed over excitedly and Lu nanze caught it. 
Little Kaka called out “daddy” in its baby voice. Lu nanze gave her a kiss and stuck his beard into her face. 
Lil “Kaka suddenly started to giggle. 
Her smile was like the sunflowers in spring. Everyone in the courtyard couldn’t help but smile. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Kaka’s expression and felt relieved. 
As long as Kaka was happy, everything would be fine. 
She nodded at Lu nanze. After some thought, she decided not to get out of the car and drove off. 
Lu nanze looked disappointed when he saw that she did not stop. 
At this moment, a voice was heard.”Dad, is this little brother?” 
At these words, Kaka suddenly felt a sense of danger. He grabbed Lu nanze’s little hand and exerted a little force. Then, he turned and saw the little girl from yesterday walking out of the room. 
Little Kaka instantly entered the battle mode, and his whole body became alert. 
Lu nanze couldn’t help but laugh when he saw that. “Kaka, let me introduce you. This is my sister, Doudou. You have to listen to her at home, okay?” 
Kaka squinted his eyes and said with a smile,””Okay, dad.” 
Lu nanze then looked at Doudou and said, “Doudou, Kaka is my son and you’re his sister. You have to take care of him, understand?” 
Doudou timidly nodded.”Okay, daddy, I got it.” 
When Lu nanze heard the word “daddy,” he was slightly stunned. He turned to look at Kaka, as if afraid that he would get jealous. Sure enough, he saw Kaka pouting and looking a little unhappy. 
He was silent for a moment, but he still said,””Doudou, you called me by the wrong name.” 
Doudou’s eyes flashed with disappointment. She lowered her head and said,””l know. ” 
Lu nanze didn’t mind doud0L1’s attitude. He looked at the Butler and said, “can you cancel all the work you’ve done at the company today?” 
The Butler nodded. “It’s already arranged for the weekend. Sir, you don’t have to go to the company, but you have an important conference call at 10 0′ clock. Please spare an hour to meet with the shareholders.” 
Lu nanze nodded and looked at Kaka. “Kaka, I’m going to be busy with work for an hour later. That hour 
“I’ll just play with my little brother. ” Doudou suddenly spoke up and looked at Lu nanze.”l’ll take care of my little brother, don’t worry.” 
Lu nanze glanced at Doudou and nodded after a moment. 
He first played with Kaka for a while and saw that Doudou and Kaka got along very well. It seemed that there was nothing wrong with them. Then he gave a look to the housekeeper and found a few people to watch them. Then he went upstairs to the study. 
When Lu nanze arrived at the study, doudou’s expression changed immediately when she saw Kaka. 
She bit her lip and stared at Kaka. Then, while no one was paying attention, she suddenly said, “”Bastard! ” 
Kaka was stunned. He turned his head and looked at Doudou. Then, he blinked his big eyes and asked, “What a bastard?” 
Doudou was speechless. 
The sound was a little loud, so the Butler, who was standing guard at the side, immediately turned his head and looked over. 
Kaka blinked his big eyes when the Butler looked over and said,””Uncle Butler, my sister said I’m a bastard. What is a bastard?” 
As soon as he heard this, doudou’s expression changed, and the Butler narrowed his eyes and looked at Doudou. 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow!]?n?аd.＆nbsp;
###Chapter 1945 – She’S Not My Daughter (5) 
Doudou’s face was as pale as paper, and her lips trembled as she said in a trembling voice,””Little brother, I, I didn’t say that. Y-you heard wrong. I said, do you like to eat wild vegetables?” 
The Butler was enlightened. 
Kaka squinted his eyes and stared at Doudou for a while, then said,””I don’t like to eat it. Little sister, let’s continue playing.” 
Doudou immediately heaved a sigh of relief. 
She looked at the Butler and saw that the Butler didn’t seem to be suspicious, so she glared at Kaka. 
Lu nanze was done with his work very quickly. 
During lunch, Lu nanze sat at the dining table and fed Kaka mouthful after mouthful of food. Doudou watched with envy and jealousy. 
She had lived with the Lu family for so long, but Lu nanze had never treated her this way. 
Doudou bit his lip. 
After lunch, Lu nanze coaxed Kaka to take an afternoon nap. 
Doudou obediently walked toward his bedroom. 
Halfway there, she suddenly heard two nannies talking.” 
“Kaka is really our master’s son. He’s so cute!” 
“Yeah, he’S really cute. His mouth is very sweet, and he’S very polite. He’S not like Doudou He’S always so weird.” 
“Shush, why are you talking about Doudou?” 
The other nanny immediately pouted. “To put it bluntly, her surname isn’t lu. Do you see how petty she is?” 
After hearing these words, the little Doudou stood still, and a determined expression appeared in his eyes. 
No, it can’t be like this. 
If Lu nanze continued to like Kaka, then she would lose her position in this family. 
So, she must make Kaka leave this house. 
Thinking of this, she went upstairs to her bedroom and began to examine the things in the room. 
Doudou didn 
r 
t sleep at noon today. 
After Kaka woke up, she invited him to play in her room. 
“Kaka, you can take a look at my room. It’s really great.” With doudou’s invitation, Kaka was naturally moved. 
If she wasn’t a girl, her parents would still be together and she would have her own room in the house. 
What doudou’s room looked like, was it his room
Thinking of this, Kaka was immediately filled with curiosity about doudou’s room. 
She immediately nodded.”Sure, sister, I’ll accompany you.” 
Doudou walked in front, and Kaka followed behind her. The two of them went upstairs and entered doudou’s room. 
As soon as he entered, Kaka was immediately shocked by the pink smell in the room. 
This was a princess room with pink walls and pink Sheets on the princess bed. 
The entire room was decorated in a dreamy and beautiful way. 
Kaka looked at it and was fascinated. 
When Kaka came back to his senses, Doudou suddenly picked up a porcelain doll, stared at Kaka, and said,””Kaka, do you know what this is?” 
Kaka was stunned.”I don’t know.” 
“This was a gift from Mr. Lu last year.” 
Kaka stared at the beautiful, very delicate doll. It was really beautiful, so beautiful that no one dared to touch it for fear of breaking it. 
As soon as this thought appeared in her mind, she saw doudou’s hand, which was holding the porcelain, suddenly loosen!
###Chapter 1946 – : She’S Not My Daughter (6) 
“Pa!” 
The porcelain fell to the ground! It instantly shattered. 
Kaka was completely dumbfounded! 
She really, really loved such a beautiful doll! 
But why did Doudou just throw it away like that
Just as he was feeling puzzled, he heard Doudou cry out loud. 
Kaka was blinded again. 
She then heard footsteps outside and Lu nanze entered with the Butler. 
Kaka turned to look at Lu nanze, who was looking around the room and then at the porcelain on the floor. Kaka’s pupils shrank and he asked in a low voice,””What’s going on?” 
Kaka opened his mouth, but before he could speak, Doudou said,””Little brother likes this doll, wuwuwu …” 
Kaka was stunned. Lu nanze looked at her and asked,”you like this?” 
Kaka nodded in a daze. 
She really liked this doll. It was so exquisite and beautiful. Although it was made of porcelain, it looked like a real doll. It was even wearing clothes! 
Just as he was thinking about this, he heard Doudou say,””Little brother likes this thing and asked me for it. I didn’t want to give it to him, so he smashed it. Sob, sob, sob Mr. Lu, you gave this to me on my birthday last year. Little brother broke it just like that, sob, sob, sob 
Kaka was confused by doudou’s words. She immediately shook her head. “I didn’t It wasn’t me . 
After saying this, she stretched out her hand and pointed at Doudou.”You were the one who asked me to come to your room to take a look, and you were also the one who smashed this porcelain doll. It has nothing to do with me. It wasn’t me!” 
Doudou pursed his lips, lowered his head, and continued to cry. 
She didn’t speak, but her aggrieved look made it seem like Kaka had bullied her. Kaka really couldn’t explain it clearly. He wanted to explain, but he found that he had no evidence at all. 
What did mother say
Her mother had said that she couldn’t let herself be wronged when something happened. 
Therefore, Kaka was really anxious. She was so angry that she directly took a step forward and grabbed doudou’s clothes. “What did you say? Say that again! 
Who smashed the porcelain doll!” 
Doudou was so scared that he hiccuped and couldn’t say anything. He opened his eyes wide and tried to break free from Kaka’s grip, but he found that he was no match for Kaka. 
She widened her eyes and turned to look at Lu nanze.”l, I ? ” 
Kaka stared at her.”Tell me, who fell!” 
Doudou bit his lip. After a while, his eyes turned red, and he said,””lt’s me, it’s me, okay?” 
Kaka heaved a sigh of relief and then looked at Lu nanze.”Dad, did you hear that? It wasn’t me 
Before he finished speaking, Kaka was stunned. 
Because Lu nanze was standing there, his face dark. 
Kaka was so scared that he couldn’t speak at all. At the same time, his little heart was twitching, and he felt a little sad. 
Father’s current appearance What did it mean? Did he not believe her
Kaka was about to cry. 
How could her father not believe hereα. 
While she was still in a daze, Lu nanze looked at Doudou and said, “I gave you the present. Even if you smash it, you’ll only destroy the gift.” 
After saying this, he turned his head and looked behind him again. “Butler.” 
“Yes, sir.” “Go and buy Doudou five of the exact same items.” 
‘Yes, sir..”
###Chapter 1947 – : She’S Not My Daughter (7) 
In the study room. 
Kaka stood in the middle of the room stubbornly. 
Lu nanze, on the other hand, sat on the sofa. 
He stared at little Kaka, his face a little gloomy, and at the same time, his eyes revealed a thoughtful expression. 
But little Kaka was not convinced. She stared at Lu nanze and said,”I didn’t break the things!” 
Lu nanze did not say anything. 
Little Kaka’s eyes were red.”Daddy, I said that I didn’t break the things.” 
Lu nanze continued to remain silent. 
Little Kaka was a little nervous and scared by the silence in the room. 
She took a step forward.”Dad …” 
Before she could finish her sentence, her eyes turned red and tears were about to fall. Then she heard Lu nanze’s voice,”Kaka, a man bleeds but not tears. Have you ever heard of this saying?” 
One sentence made Kaka close his mouth immediately, and he didn’t dare to cry. 
Oh right, dad said yesterday that he didn’t like crying children. 
However, Doudou would cry from time to time. Was it because daddy liked Doudou that he could tolerate him
This thought made Kaka very sad. She lowered her head, bit her lip, and simply didn’t speak. 
Lu nanze stared at Kaka and said, “do you know what you did wrong today?” 
Kaka looked up immediately and looked at Lu nanze stubbornly. “I didn’t do anything wrong. ” 
Lu nanze narrowed his eyes and said, ‘You still don’t know your mistake?” 
“1’m not wrong!”Kaka said directly. 
Lu nanze did not say a word and just stared at her in silence. 
Kaka felt uncomfortable under Lu nanze’s gaze, but it stood there stubbornly. 
After a while, Lu nanze suddenly stood up and said, “stay in this room and think about what you’ve done wrong! ” 
After saying this, he walked out directly. 
“Bang!” The door of the study was closed, and Kakas small body instantly shivered. 
Outside the door, the Butler looked at the door of the study and couldn’t help but look at Lu nanze.”Sir Will the young master be frightened by this? after all, he’s still young!” 
Lu nanze turned around and looked at the door of the study. “When I was his age, I was already running around with my father. But look at him As a boy, not only is he petite, I can understand that boys develop later, but his actions are also very sissy!” 
After saying this, he sighed.”lf Kaka was a girl, I would be willing to pamper her and let her grow up happily. She would become the happiest daughter in the world and the princess without any worries. But he was a boy. You have to know that for a boy to cry so easily and to be framed by a little girl who is only a year older than him, how can I not punish him and make him remember?” When the Butler heard this, he was taken aback. “Sir, you mean that miss Doudou is framing young master?” 
Lu nanze laughed coldly and said,”not bad.” 
The Butler was puzzled. “How did you know?” 
Lu nanze immediately said in a domineering tone,”my son, Lu nanze, would be interested in a porcelain doll?” Don’t forget what kind of person Wu Hen is. She has stolen so many things and seen all kinds of treasures. The children she raised will at least have higher standards. ” 
The Butler was speechless. 
The Butler looked at the study again. “But the young master hasn’t been in our house for long. If you do this . 
“It’s because he might not have been by my side for long. That’s why I should let him grow up quickly..”
###Chapter 1948 – She’S Not My Daughter (8) 
At this point, Lu nanze looked ahead and said slowly,””This way, he can protect his mother better in the future.” 
The Butler was speechless. 
Lu nanze sighed. 
He wasn’t confident that he could get Wu Hen back. 
Then, assuming that a few months later, wuhen would still have to leave Suzhou and marry someone else with him, she would now make Kaka be able to protect himself, at least in the new family, and protect his mother. 
He knew that his way of thinking was a little pessimistic, but this was the worst outcome. 
Moreover, he believed that his son could take charge of things on his own. 
Who asked … Him to be a boy, wasn’t he
– 
Two hours later, Qiao Yiyi came home from work. 
When she passed by the Lu family villa, she came here to pick up Kaka. 
When her car arrived at the entrance, she was immediately let in. After she entered and parked the car, Lu nanze walked out. 
Qiao Yiyi was expressionless when she saw Lu nanze. She looked into the room and asked, “where’s Kaka?” 
Lu nanze looked up at the study and said,”in the study.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t know what was going on, but she still went upstairs. As she walked, she shouted,”Kaka, mommy is here to pick you up!” 
After saying this, he pushed open the door of the study. 
The moment the door to the study opened, Qiao Yiyi’s gaze fell on the little guy who was curled up on the sofa. i?r． o
In the large study, the small ball looked particularly pitiful. 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart clenched and she immediately shouted, “Ka ka 
Her voice was very soft, as if Kaka was frightened. 
Kaka immediately turned his head. The moment he saw Qiao Yiyi, he wailed,”mom 
Qiao Yiyi was upset by her crying. She quickly stepped forward and hugged her.”Kaka, what’s wrong
Little Kaka didn’t understand what he had done wrong at all. He had been thinking about it for two hours and felt that he had done nothing wrong, so he was feeling aggrieved. At this moment, when he heard his mother’s words, he immediately choked up and told her what had happened. 
After she finished explaining, Qiao Yiyi was completely furious! 
She stood up with a clatter and glared at Lu nanze, yelling, “ Lu nanze, what do you mean by this? I know that Doudou is your daughter, and you watched her grow up, so you have a deeper relationship with her. But let me tell you, Kaka is not that kind of person! Not to mention a porcelain doll, even if a mountain of gold and silver was placed in front of her, she would not even blink!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s body trembled with anger. 
She looked at Kaka, who was bawling like a baby. She turned around and saw Lu nanze staring at the person in her arms. He was frowning, as if he was not satisfied. 
She had an emotional breakdown. 
She stared at Lu nanze and narrowed her eyes.”What’s with that look? If you’re looking down on my child, just say it! If you don’t want us, then we’ll leave!” As she said this, she carried Kaka and walked out. 
When they reached the door, Lu nanze stopped Qiao Yiyi.”Wuhen, that’s not what I meant. I 
“What do you mean by that? you accused Kaka without asking the truth. You’re biased towards your daughter!” 
Lu nanze was stunned.”Whatmy daughter? She’s not my daughter, I . 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow—]
###Chapter 1949 – She’S Not My Daughter (9) 
Qiao Yiyi sneered.”Not your daughter?” Do you dare to say that she’s not your daughter? Do you think I don’t know anything? Let me tell you, before Qiao Yiyi died that year, she came looking for me and we met. I saw how the woman who gave birth to your daughter died with my own eyes!” 
After she finished speaking, she carried Kaka in her arms and looked at Lu nanze as if he were a stranger. Then, she turned and walked out. 
She also remembered how Qiao Yiyi had told her back then that Qiao Lian would always hold an irreplaceable position in Lu nanze’s heart. In fact, she was the most important person in his life. 
At the time, she had thought that Qiao Yiyi was trying to sow discord between them and had not believed her. 
But now … 
She narrowed her eyes and had no choice but to believe it. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered and didn’t stop. 
Behind her, Lu nanze stared at Qiao Yiyi’s back in shock. 
He had never thought that things would turn out like this. 
What did she just say? that year, before Qiao Yiyi died, she had seen her
So what did Qiao Yiyi say
Or could it be that Qiao Yiyi’s death had something to do with her leaving back then
And 
What did she mean by the way she looked at him after she said that
Was she blaming him for being too cruel and forcing “the woman who had given birth to his daughter to die 
However, did she know that everything was just her own assumptions
He stood rooted to the ground for a moment, feeling a little angry. 
If Qiao Yiyi had really given birth to his daughter, why would he kill her
In her heart, was she such a heartless demon who killed the innocent
Hence, Lu nanze didn’t chase after her. Instead, he stood at the door and watched as Qiao Yiyi walked out with Kaka in her arms. 
He couldn’t calm down for a while. 
At this moment, the Butler walked over.”Sir 
Lu nanze turned around and glared at the Butler. Then, without a word, he went upstairs. 
He was really furious. 
Did Qiao Yiyi know if she had wronged Kaka or not
Did she even understand what she was thinking
They had originally thought that they appreciated each other. They had thought that although they had little contact with each other, they admired each other very much and fell in love with each other’s friendship. At this moment, it became so funny. 
It turned out that everything had been his own wishful thinking. 
Lu nanze entered the study and looked at the table full of documents. In a fit of anger, he reached out and swept all the documents to the floor. 
He was so angry that his chest heaved up and down, and he just stood there. 
After a while, he suddenly saw the toys that Kaka was playing with and the cup that Kaka was holding. 
Because Qiao Yiyi had left with Kaka so suddenly, they had left all these things at home. 
He thought of Kaka being held in his arms, hugging his neck and calling him daddy He looked at him with that kind of adoring eyes, and he was reluctant to separate from him every time. 
When Qiao Yiyi left, Kaka’s eyes 
He suddenly stood up, picked up the glass, and walked out. 
The Butler was stunned. “Sir, where are you going?” 
“Give me a cup!”
###Chapter 1950 – She’S Not My Daughter (10) 
Qiao Yiyi carried Kaka out of the Lu residence and got into her sports car. 
After placing Kaka on the child seat, Qiao Yiyi regretted it. 
In fact, she didn’t know why she was so angry at Lu nanze. 
She also knew … That Qiao Yiyi had killed Lu nanze’s father, so no matter what he did to her, it would not be too much. 
However, at that time, he was very angry and told her everything in one go. 
She felt a little regretful now, wondering if she had hurt Lu nanze. 
But … 
She lowered her eyes and suddenly turned her head to look at Kaka. 
Kaka’s tears hadn’t dried yet. He stared at Qiao Yiyi as if he didn’t understand what had happened. His frightened look made Qiao Yiyi’s heart harden again. 
Kaka was Lu nanze’s daughter, but tonight, Lu nanze had convicted Kaka of a crime just because of doudou’s words. He was really biased! 
Hence, she did not need to be so polite with Lu nanze. 
At that thought, Qiao Yiyi stepped on the accelerator. 
After the car left the Lu family villa, Kaka asked,””Mom, where are we going
Kaka had grown up with Qiao Yiyi. Even if Qiao Yiyi was angry, she was not afraid. 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she was silent for a moment. In the end, she said,” “Let go back to our home. ‘ 
Kaka nodded. 
Then, Qiao Yiyi took Kaka to the villa that she used to go to when she was injured. 
In fact, she had already brought her luggage over after sending Kaka to the Lu family’s house today. However, she had left in a hurry because she was in a hurry to go to work. 
At this moment, she dragged her suitcase upstairs with Kaka in her arms. She looked at the unchanged decorations in the room and couldn’t describe the feeling in her heart. 
She looked at everything in the room and suddenly felt like she had returned to the time when she was taking refuge in the Lu family 
At that time, even though she felt aggrieved and had to suppress her nature, now that she thought about it, the time she spent with the Lu family was actually the most comfortable moment of her life. 
Just as she thought of this, she suddenly heard the doorbell ring from downstairs. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
They had just moved here, why would someone come to their door
Just as she was feeling puzzled, Kaka had already shouted, “wow, it’s daddy!” 
She went straight downstairs and opened the door without waiting for Qiao Yiyi’s refusal. Then, her small figure threw herself into Lu nanze’s arms. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi stood upstairs and watched as Lu nanze walked in with Kaka in his arms. 
He stood there with bags of things in his hands. Perhaps because they had just quarreled, he looked a little flustered and did not dare to look her in the eye. 
After he put everything on the sofa, he looked up at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. 
Lu nanze pointed at those things and said,”these are the things I added to 
What was the meaning of this
After bullying Kaka, he came to apologize to her
However, what Kaka needed was not an apology, but not to be misunderstood! 
Qiao Yiyi laughed coldly.. Just as she was about to reply sarcastically, she suddenly heard Lu nanze say,”wuhen, can you calm down and listen to me tell you about Doudou?”
###Chapter 1951 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (1) 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned when she heard this. 
Judging from Lu nanze’s expression, it seemed like Doudou had a story to tell. 
But perhaps Lu nanze wanted to explain to her that Qiao Yiyi was the one who had caused his father’s death. 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to refuse. r. 
But before she could say no, she saw Lu nanze’s expression … 
He had always been a proud person, high and mighty, but at this moment, he was like a resentful woman in her boudoir. He stood there and asked her in a negotiating tone,”can I hear a story from him?” 
When had he ever lowered his status so much
So, she couldn’t refuse. Qiao Yiyi could only lower her eyes and nod. 
She went downstairs and sat down opposite Lu nanze, her face expressionless. 
Initially, she had thought that she had only heard some old stories that she already knew. She had not expected that Lu nanze would mention one of his assistants.”I used to have an assistant called Zhao Yang.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned for a moment before she nodded. 
Lu nanze continued, “he’s been with me for the longest time. He’s also the most loyal person to me.” Back then Qiao Yiyi and I had an ambiguous relationship. Everyone said that Qiao Yiyi was mine, but in reality, I never touched her. Every time she came to look for me, the person who touched her was Zhao Yang. ” 
Qiao Yiyi jerked her head up and looked at Lu nanze in disbelief. 
She more or less understood what Lu nanze was trying to say. 
She knew what was going on! 
So Doudou was actually . 
‘You’re right. Doudou isn’t my daughter. She’s Zhao Yang and Qiao Yiyi’s daughter.” Lu nanze said slowly. 
Then he stared at Qiao Yiyi and lowered his head after a while. “You know, our family’s Black turned white. When I was young, I did a lot of ostentatious things and had a lot of enemies. Zhao Yang was my assistant when I was young and grew up with me. It’s not too much to call him a brother of the opposite sex. I thought that if he slept with Qiao Yiyi, it would be fine. I didn’t expect him to fall in love with her After that, he helped Qiao Yiyi and did things that he didn’t think would hurt me. When I found out, I sent him somewhere else. 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked when she heard this. 
“And then?” she asked immediately. 
Lu nanze lowered his eyes and said,”after that, Qiao Yiyi ran my father over with her car. I sent her to prison.” “Later on I found out that after Zhao Yang found out about this, he was extremely guilty and in so much pain that he wished he was dead. At that time, I happened to have something to clean up with black. It was very threatening and I needed someone to do it. He helped me clean up my mess without a word and died in that accident. He used his own death to completely end the dark side of the Lu family and fulfill my dream of turning the dark side into the White side. ” 
Lu nanze’s tone was a little heavy. 
When he said this, his gaze was filled with nostalgia. 
He and his assistant were really only together because of Qiao Yiyi. 
However, he was not to be blamed for these things. 
If she had not refused to touch Qiao Yiyi back then and asked him to do it in her place, none of this would have happened. 
So, at the end of the day, he was the one who had harmed Zhao Yang. 
He lowered his eyes to hide the remorse and regret in his eyes..
###Chapter 1952 – : Enemies On A Narrow Road (2) 
Lu nanze’s story had shocked Qiao Yiyi. 
She had never thought that things would turn out like this. 
And the reason why she had been so angry was because Doudou was not Lu nanze’s daughter. 
Her eyes widened and she stared at Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze stood up and said,”Zhao Yang died for me, for the Lu family, and Qiao Yiyi died during a difficult labor. She has received the punishment she deserves. But I can’t just watch this child wander outside, so I brought her home.” Her original name was Zhao Dou, and her nickname was Doudou. I’m just giving her a place to stay because I’m usually very busy and I don’t have time to accompany her …” 
Lu nanze had explained so much to Doudou because he didn’t have the kind of love that a daughter would have for her. After all, whenever he thought of doudou’s mother being his father’s murderer, he would feel a slight sense of disgust. 
Doudou pitifully wanted to call him daddy, but he refused. 
Qiao Yiyi stood up when she heard Lu nanze’s words. 
She nodded. After Lu nanze finished speaking, he looked at Kaka and said,”Kaka, the reason I’m angry with you isn’t because of what happened between you and Doudou. I’m angry because you don’t know how to protect yourself. As a man, you have to protect yourself and your mother. Do you understand?” 
When Kaka heard this, he immediately straightened his back and nodded.”l understand, dad!” 
Lu nanze reached out and stroked her little bald head. “That’s a good girl. I’ll take my leave now.” 
After saying this, he turned around and walked out. 
He had his own pride, so he just had to explain everything in a low voice. Qiao Yiyi’s suspicion still hurt him. 
Qiao Yiyi watched as Lu nanze left the villa. She looked at Kaka in shock and asked, “what does he mean?” Why did he only say goodbye to you and leave without saying a word to me
Kaka sighed helplessly. “Mommy, it’S obvious that daddy is angry with you.” Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip.”Are you crazy? those things are all scandals. I didn’t know about them at all!” If I had known . m
If he had known earlier, it would have been nothing more than this. 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes darkened. She and Lu nanze were destined to never have a chance in this lifetime. 
Thinking of this, she touched Kaka’s head and stopped talking about this topic. She turned to the kitchen and said, “I’ll make you dinner. What do you want to eat?
After dinner, Qiao Yiyi coaxed Kaka to sleep. 
After Kaka fell asleep, Qiao Yiyi lay on the bed, but she couldn’t fall asleep. 
As soon as she thought of the look Lu nanze had given her before he left, she suddenly felt a little guilty, as if she had made a big mistake by wrongly accusing him. 
She turned over, covered her face with a pillow, and took a deep breath. 
Sleep! 
The next morning, Qiao Yiyi got up and made Kaka breakfast. 
She looked at Kaka eating excitedly and felt a little conflicted. 
He was already like that yesterday. Would it be good to send Kaka over today
But if she didn ‘t, would Lu nanze get even angrier
Just as she was hesitating, the doorbell rang. Qiao Yiyi opened the door and saw the Butler standing outside.”Miss Qiao, Sir asked me to come and pick up the young master.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
LPS: ah, it’s the last day of the month.. I actually forgot to ask for monthly votes!] I’m crying although our monthly ranking is no longer at the top, there’s still an annual ranking—everyone, please give me your monthly votes—thank you! A new month is coming soon, please give me your monthly ticket!
###Chapter 1953 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (3) 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the Butler, not knowing what to say. 
She thought about it and realized that she had misunderstood Lu nanze yesterday. He had left so sadly and had asked the Butler to pick up Kaka today. Was it because he did not want to see her again
However, not seeing her would save them the awkwardness of meeting each other, which was also good. 
Qiao Yiyi packed up Kaka’s things and handed them to the housekeeper.”Butler, thank you for your hard work.“ 
The Butler immediately shook his head. He looked at Qiao Yiyi and sighed.”Madam … There’s something that I shouldn’t say, but I really can’t help it.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She lowered her head.”I’m not Mrs. Lu anymore. I signed a divorce agreement with him five years ago.” 
When the Butler heard this, he opened his mouth and finally couldn’t help but say,””l know my identity and that I shouldn’t be involved in your love life, but I really can’t hold it in anymore. Madam, do you know? In the five years that you were gone, master had been missing you …” Qiao Yiyi looked up in shock. 
But the next moment, she found it funny. 
How was that possible
If he missed her, he would not have gone on a blind date with another girl. 
He had already started going on blind dates. Did that mean that he had let go of her and wanted to start another relationship
However, just as this thought came to her mind, she saw the Butler hang his head.”Sir has not had a girlfriend for the past five years. He has put all his time into work. The last time he met you, it was the Zhang family who had the intention to do so, but Sir never agreed. I was there the whole time. Nothing happened between Sir and miss Zhang. After that, Sir did not contact miss Zhang again. ” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she didn’t know why, but she felt moved. 
She only felt that something was about to become restless with the housekeepers words. It wanted to rush out of her heart, and she immediately suppressed it. 
She looked at the Butler and nodded coldly. “But we’re already in the past.” 
The Butler had originally planned to persuade Qiao Yiyi. After all, he had seen how guilty Sir had been all these years. 
After the Butler found out that Qiao Yiyi was wuhen, she also understood that Sir had given Qiao Lian the ginseng that she had risked her life to get. This action had hurt her heart. 
So at this moment, Qiao Yiyi’s attitude was so cold that the Butler couldn’t help but sigh. 
He could only say that some people might just be fated but not fated. 
The Butler shook his head and led Kaka out of the villa. 
Qiao Yiyi only realized that the Butler had left when she heard the sound of the door closing. 
She sat on the sofa in the living room and thought of Lu nanze’s sudden visit the night before. 
Actually, even if she had left the cup in Lu nanze’s house, it would have been fine. But he had come over and told her about doudou’s past 
Could she understand now that Lu nanze had actually come to explain things to her last night
She had clearly wronged him, but based on that man’s pride, he actually came to explain He 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t even dare to think about what would happen next. 
She narrowed her eyes and suddenly sneered. 
Even if that was the case, so what
Wuhen, you don’t have the right to be in love anymore..
###Chapter 1954 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (4) 
Qiao Yiyi composed herself and took a deep breath. She walked out of the villa and went to work. 
During the previous interview, she had met Chen Yansheng. After that, she had decisively not gone to work at Chen Yansheng’s company. Instead, she had gone to the second company that she had considered at that time. 
It was a financial company, and she worked in the sales department. 
When Qiao Yiyi was abroad, she had already disguised her graduation certificate. Now, she was glowing and every company was fighting for it. 
She just had to go to such an unremarkable small company, which made the people in the company feel honored and very polite to her. 
Yesterday was her first day of work and she did not do much. 
However, her boss had said that she was going to meet a few important clients today. As for what important clients they would meet … She had done her homework. 
Qiao Yiyi was dressed very professionally. Her tight suit was tight around her chest. Although her chest wasn’t big, it was so tight that it actually gave people a sense of beauty. 
In addition, she had tied her hair into a high ponytail, making her look very capable and experienced. Coupled with her clothes, she simply had the temptation of a uniform. 
When Qiao Yiyi entered the company, she stunned all the men in the company. 
Even the company’s boss, director sun, couldn’t help but exclaim when he saw her,””Qiao Yiyi, you’re really pretty today!” 
“Beauty is a part of a woman,” Qiao Yiyi immediately smiled and said, “I hope that this beauty will add points to today’s customer.” I learned this when I was abroad. ” 
Director sun immediately nodded, but his eyes could not help but be glued to her chest. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw this, she frowned. She didn’t say anything and turned around to avoid director sun’s gaze. Then, she sat down at her desk. 
She stayed in the company until four in the afternoon. Director sun came to call her, “”Little one, come, let’s go.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Such a form of address simply gave her goosebumps! 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched, then she nodded and followed director sun out. 
The two of them got into the car. On the way, director sun’s eyes couldn’t help but stick to her. Qiao Yiyi pretended to be calm, but she was very annoyed inside. 
The few people in the company quickly arrived at the agreed -upon private dining room. 
Director sun smiled very politely.”Ah, you’re all here. I’m really sorry for being late!” 
Qiao Yiyi walked in with President sun. Then, her gaze fell on the man who was sitting in the main seat of the private room. 
It was a man who looked to be in his forties or fifties. He had a square face and a black mole on his forehead, making him look a little fierce. 
But in fact, this person was always smiling. He was a Smiling Tiger and the person they were dealing with this time, Qian Jin. 
Qian Jin wasn’t from Suzhou. He was a business tycoon from another province. 
This time, he came to Suzhou to find a local to carry out a business cooperation, so he became the target of everyone’s pursuit in Suzhou. 
Tonight’s dinner, Qian Jin said he was treating them to a meal, but in fact, he just wanted to choose a partner from the group of people in Suzhou. 
Qiao Yiyi’s gaze swept past Qian Jin indifferently, then she lowered her eyes to hide the deep thought in her eyes. 
She did not hear that Qian Jin was talking to his assistant. “Have you contacted Lu nanze?” Lu nanze is the Overlord of Suzhou, we must build a good relationship with him ….”
###Chapter 1955 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (5) 
The assistant smiled wryly and said,”it’s like this. We had an appointment to have dinner with him yesterday, but he suddenly canceled it. I was shocked and thought that our company had offended him. After asking around, I found out that it was Lu nanze who had canceled all his plans for the day and stayed at home. I heard that his son had returned from abroad and he was at home with the child. It wasn’t us who had been targeted …” 
When Qian Jin heard this, he nodded and thought for a moment.”It’s good that they’re not targeting us, but we still have to be careful. Before I came to Suzhou, the old man specifically told me not to offend Lu nanze and that it was better to avoid unnecessary trouble. But Lu nanze actually has a son? Why haven’t I heard of it before?” 
The assistant immediately lowered his head.”This matter was also exposed recently. In the past, it was kept a secret.” 
Qian Jin pondered for a moment and then said,””ln that case, you should go and see who the child’s mother is. It won’t do us any harm to build a good relationship with her.” 
The assistant immediately nodded. 
“Did you invite Lu nanze today?” Qian Jin continued. 
The assistant nodded.”l did, but I’m not sure if he’ll come.” 
Qian Jin frowned. 
On the other side, Qiao Yiyi and President sun wanted to get close to Qian Jin but they were stopped by the staff. 
“I’m sorry, boss Qian is a little busy now,”a bodyguard said with a smile. ?n?а. ?m
Busy
Qiao Yiyi looked over. Qian Jin was clearly talking to his assistant about something. It didn’t look like a serious matter. They were probably chatting. 
Thinking of this, she looked around. 
Only then did he realize that the crowd had unknowingly been divided into several groups. 
When people with a little bit of status got together , small companies like theirs would be stuck at the outermost. 
This Qian Jin was really a person who judged the person. 
At this moment, the people who came were definitely not of high status. 
So Qian Jin put on a show and just sat there, being watched by everyone. He chatted with his assistant. That look was obviously to give them a show of authority. 
He was also telling them that he, Qian Jin, was not to be trifled with. 
However, the more he acted this way, the more the merchants wanted to curry favor with him. 
It was said that the Qian family that Qian Jin came from was not ordinary. They had a very high status! 
Director sun was already frowning. He looked at the competing companies around him and sighed.”Look, all the companies that are more capable than our company are here. Do we still have any hope tonight?” 
The rest of the colleagues could not help but remain silent. 
Everyone knew that their company would not be able to participate in the project tonight. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes as she thought about how to stand out from the crowd. 
At this moment, a discordant voice suddenly rang out,”” Qiao Yiyi?” 
Qiao Yiyi was taken aback. She looked over and saw a woman standing next to her. It was Li Tingting! 
Back then, the Li family had been trying to frame Lu nanze. Even after Li Tingting had tried to rape Lu nanze that night, the Lu family had more or less tried to suppress the Li family. It had been five years, and the Li family’s company had not been doing well. They had also been reduced to the point where they had to compete with other small companies to cooperate with Qian 
Jin. 
When Li Tingting saw Qiao Yiyi, it was as if she had seen her enemy!
###Chapter 1956 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (6) 
When enemies met, their eyes would turn red. 
Qiao Yiyi’s inner thoughts at that moment were,’enemies really meet on a narrow road!’ . 
She pursed her lips. Then, she saw Li Tingting walking over in a pair of high heels and standing in front of Qiao Yiyi. She stared at Qiao Yiyi with disbelief in her eyes. She looked her up and down a few times and couldn’t help but exclaim,”you, it’s really you!” 
After Qiao Yiyi entered the room, she attracted the attention of the people around her because of her beautiful appearance. 
That was why Li Tingting had been watching her for a long time. 
She looked very familiar, but her temperament was completely different from five years ago. She did not dare to recognize her at all. 
He had just called out to her in a testing manner, but he did not expect it to really be her! 
But … 
How did Qiao Yiyi become like this
This kind of enchantment and charm was as eye-catching as a Vixen. 
Li Tingting stared at Qiao Yiyi. She couldn’t believe that a person could change so much. 
Qiao Yiyi tilted her head when she saw Li Tingting looking at her so rudely.””Miss Li, long time no see!” 
For some reason, Li Tingting was immediately angered by her words. She bit her lip, looked around, and then whispered in Qiao Yiyi’S ear,””Qiao Yiyi, what did I say back then? Even if you slept with second brother, you’re nothing! Didn’t second brother divorce you. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes when she heard this. After a while, she smiled and said,”” But, even if I divorced him, he didn’t like you! At least, I’ve slept with him. What about you? Has he even looked you in the eye all these years?” 
‘You  Li Tingting pointed at Qiao Yiyi in anger, unable to say a word. Her lips trembled. “How did you become so eloquent?!” 
Qiao Yi smiled. “I’ve always been like this. Maybe Miss Li didn’t know me well before?” 
Li Tingting immediately bit her lip and was so angry that she couldn’t speak. 
After a while, she said,”Qiao Yiyi, I’m telling you, our company will definitely get this cooperation!” Don’t even think about it!” 
After saying such a harsh sentence, she walked to the side. 
At this moment, Qian Jin seemed to have finally finished speaking and stood up. 
He looked around the room and said with a smile,””Welcome, everyone 
When he said this, he suddenly saw Qiao Yiyi from the corner of his eyes. He squinted and paused. His eyes were full of surprise. 
However, this expression only lasted for a moment. Qian Jin immediately continued to introduce himself with a smile, but he was a little absent-minded after that. His eyes kept glancing at Qiao Yiyi. 
That look Anyone with a discerning eye could tell! 
Qian Jin had taken a fancy to Qiao Yiyi! 
But that was right, Qian Jin was a lecherous person and he had always liked flirtatious women. Even if they knew, they didn’t know where to find a woman as beautiful as Qiao Yiyi! 
So this time Could it be that director sun’s company was going to get this collaboration project
[PS: I’m done updating.. See you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 1957 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (7) 
The people around them thought so, and so did chief sun. He saw Qian Jin’s eyes and knew there was a chance. He turned to Qiao Yiyi and said in a low voice,””Yiyi, go talk to CEO Qian about the project later and see if you can get it. If you can get it, I’ll give you two … Five percent of the profit! How is it?” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and frowned.”Chief sun, what-what do you mean?” 
Director sun immediately coughed.”It’s nothing. It’s just that it’s more convenient for a woman to do things.” 
Just as he said this, he saw Qian Jin’s assistant walking over. CEO Sun immediately smiled and greeted him. He heard the assistant say,””You’re chief sun, right? Our boss Qian is inviting you over for a chat. ” 
His words emphasized ‘you’. After he said this, he even glanced at Qiao Yiyi. His meaning was self-evident. 
Director sun immediately understood. He turned around and said to Qiao Yiyi,””Alright, pass the documents to Yiyi. Yiyi, come with me to see President Qian.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at President sun. She felt that this President All his emotions were written on his face. 
She frowned. 
She knew that in the business world, there was nothing that could not be done. Therefore, she could accept that women relied on their looks to gain priority and so on. However, Mr. Sun’s meaning didn’t seem to be what she was thinking at all. 
They seemed to have gone even further. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. Although she didn’t want to, there was no way President Qian would do anything to her in front of so many people. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi followed President sun and walked in front of President Qian. 
As they got closer, Qian Jin’s eyes were instantly glued to Qiao Yiyi. 
He could be considered to have seen countless women, but such a beautiful one was really too rare! 
Even in the entertainment industry, it was rare to find such a beautiful woman. 
Thinking of this, Qian Jin’s heart immediately became itchy, and he wanted to do her on the spot. 
He coughed and said,””Director sun, long time no see!” 
How could CEO Sun not understand what he meant
He immediately smiled and said,”yes, President Qian, you’re busy. I definitely wouldn’t dare to disturb you.” I heard that you have a project and wanted to find a partner. Come, let me introduce you to the new general manager of our project team, Qiao Yiyi. ” 
After saying this, she introduced President Qian to Qiao Yiyi.”Yiyi, this is President Qian. You have to drink a few more glasses with him later.” 
Qiao Yiyi She wasn’t a hostess! 
Qiao Yiyi put on a fake smile and said, “Director sun, you’ve forgotten that I’m a person who gets drunk with just one glass. I can’t hold my liquor! If you can replace wine with tea, I can drink a few more cups. ” 
As soon as he spoke, his low and hoarse voice immediately made Qian Jin feel even more tempted. 
This, this stunner, she’s a top-tier beauty! 
He rubbed his hands and smiled at Qiao Yiyi. He said in a perverted tone,””Of course, but I think your company’s proposal is too troublesome to read. I wonder if miss Qiao is free after the banquet.. We can find a place to talk for a while?”
###Chapter 1958 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (8) 
The meaning was too obvious! i?r.＆nbsp;com
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. Just as she was about to say something, chief sun immediately said,”of course, no problem! I’ll arrange the place, is that okay with you, boss Qian?” 
Qian Jin immediately smiled as if he had received a treasure. He looked at director sun with a deep meaning in his eyes.”Our director sun’s arrangement is really well done. You see, you know what I’m thinking.“ 
Director sun nodded.”Yes, so this project …” 
“Alright, let’s not talk about projects or cooperation today. Let’s talk about romance! I came to Suzhou to treat everyone to a meal!“ 
Qian Jin’s mouth was very tight, and he refused to let go. 
President sun knew that President Qian wouldn’t agree to this before he got Qiao Yiyi. 
He frowned and turned to look at Qiao Yiyi. Seeing that she was very resistant, he looked at President Qian and smiled.”Alright, go ahead … I’ll take Yiyi to the side first. We’ll meet again after the gathering is over.” 
President Qians eyes were glued to Qiao Yiyi. It seemed like he didn’t want her to leave. 
However, there were so many people here, so he couldn’t go too far. 
He could only hint to CEO Sun. 
Director sun nodded. “Alright, alright.” 
After she finished speaking, she pulled Qiao Yiyi and walked to the side. 
Qiao Yiyi walked to a corner and couldn’t help but look at director sun. “Director sun, I’m already making use of our overtime time to attend the party. Tonight I’m not going.” 
“You can’t not go,” Mr. Sun immediately said.”Youve seen it yourself. Mr. Qian likes to listen to you.” 
Qiao Yiyi’S mouth twitched. “I think he wants to sleep with me more.” But chief sun, I still have a son at home 
‘ISO you already have a son, miss Qiao. You’re no ordinary little girl. Hehe, I won’t say anything more. I just want to say that it’s your fortune that boss Qian likes you. As long as our company wins this project, I’ll definitely give you 10% as a reward. The money can’t be any more.” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned.”Chief sun, I’ll say the same thing. I didn’t work because I needed money. I 
Before he could finish, director sun laughed. “Of course I know, but you have to know that you have signed a contract with the company. If you don’t listen to your bosses Then I can Sue you in court at any time! You’ll have to pay ten times the penalty!” 
Qiao Yiyi was so angry that her eyes widened.”Director sun, I came to the company to work because I thought you were a good person, but I didn’t expect 
You’re making me accompany a guest like this. It’s not legal!” 
Director sun smiled slyly. “You’re wrong. I only asked you to discuss the project with director Qian in private. What did I do?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t say anything. 
Director sun patted her shoulder.”Alright, alright. I don’t have any other intentions. You’re overthinking it! How could President Qian force you after seeing such a woman? I’ll go with you tonight, and I’ll be sure to pay attention to your safety. What do you think?” 
Her safety
Was there a need for anyone to pay attention to her safety
This director sun was simply too ridiculous. 
However, she couldn’t reject him anymore, so she nodded..
###Chapter 1959 – Enemies On A Narrow Road (9) 
Director sun heaved a sigh of relief when he saw her nod. 
At the same time, he couldn’t help but think,’she’s a new employee, after all. How could she really just accompany President Qian to talk about the contract?’ 
However, he wasn’t going to tell Qiao Yiyi about this. He would let her go first. 
They didn’t believe that a group of men like them couldn’t control a woman. 
Thinking of this, he smiled evilly and entered the crowd. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there frowning. Just as she was about to turn around and walk to the corner, she heard a sneer. 
She turned around and saw Li Tingting standing next to her, staring at her with a mocking expression.””Who would have thought that the former Mrs. Lu would now be reduced to a woman who has to drink and sleep with others to get projects? Does Lu nanze know that you’re doing this?“ 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she narrowed her eyes and sneered. “I have nothing to do with him anymore. Please don’t mention him when you talk to me, Miss Li.” Oh, I know. It’s actually Miss Li who has been thinking about him, right? But it’s a pity, I heard that he hasn’t had any other woman in the past five years
That one sentence made Li Tingting furious. “You …” 
After saying that, he sneered and said,” Don’t be so smug. Why do you think he doesn’t look for women? Let me tell you, it’s because he only has Qiao Lian in his heart! It’s only because of second brother’s infatuation that I’m so infatuated with him, what do you know?” 
Qiao Yiyi paused when she heard that. 
She didn’t know why, but her heart, which was originally numb and calm like water, twitched when she heard this. 
In her daze, her expression also became hesitant. 
Seeing her like this, Li Tingting thought that her words had touched her sore spot and was very pleased with herself. She looked at Qiao Yiyi and said, “you’ve already slept with him, but how did he treat you? Didn’t it still not hurt? I’m telling you, no one else can fit into his heart, so don’t even think about it!” 
After she said this, she looked Qiao Yiyi up and down.”l think you’re quite good now!” 
After saying this, she turned around and left. 
When she was far away, she turned back to look at Qiao Yiyi. She realized that Qiao Yiyi was still standing there, deep in thought. 
Li Tingting snorted coldly. 
As a woman, she knew that Lu nanze did have feelings for Qiao Yiyi. 
Othervvise, he wouldn’t have stayed single for five years after their divorce. He wouldn’t even allow anyone to mention the words ‘Mrs. Lu’ in front of him. 
He had not announced his divorce to the public, so many people thought that Mrs. Lu had actually gone abroad to study. n?e?. o
Now, Qiao Yiyi was back 
Li Tingting knew that it was impossible between her and Lu nanze. 
However, the Li family had gone from being business tycoons to what they were now because they had fought with Qiao Yiyi over Lu nanze. 
Deep down, she hated Lu nanze. 
Since that was the case, how could she possibly gloat over such a misfortune
She immediately picked up her phone and dialed Lu nanze’s number. No one picked up the phone. 
She narrowed her eyes and dialed the landline of Lu nanze’s house. 
“Hello,” the housekeeper answered the call quickly..
###Chapter 1960 – : Enemies On A Narrow Road (10) 
Li Tingting turned around and looked at Qiao Yiyi, then slowly said,””Tell second brother that his ex-wife is fooling around with other men outside. It looks like she’s about to rise to the top and become a Phoenix.” 
In fact, Qian Jin was very generous to his woman. If Qiao Yiyi really followed him, maybe she would have a good life in the future. 
But how could she let Qiao Yiyi have a good life
She was going to tell Lu nanze! 
Firstly, she would make Lu nanze feel disgusted. Secondly, Qian Jin would not dare to touch Qiao Yiyi. 
Then, Qiao Yiyi would continue to maintain her current state of life. 
After hanging up, Li Tingting thought to herself with satisfaction. Then, she curled her lips and looked at Qiao Yiyi, who was unconscious. 
It seemed that he would have to figure out where they were going in a while. 
– 
At the banquet, everyone was entertaining each other, and most of what they said was true. 
Although time was difficult to endure, it still passed quickly. 
Finally, when the banquet was over, Qian Jin looked directly at President sun. “President sun, shall we meet alone?” 
Director sun immediately nodded.”No problem. I’ve already booked a room! It’s in the club next door. Let’s go and have a chat!” 
Qian Jin glanced at Qiao Yiyi. 
Director sun immediately said, “tonight, let’s Yiyi risk our lives to accompany the gentleman!” President Qian, if there’s anything you don’t understand or understand, you can ask Yiyi!” 
President Qian nodded his head. 
Chief sun then looked at Qiao Yiyi and said, “”Yiyi, let’s go to the club next door. I’ve booked a private room. We can play and chat.” 
Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief when she heard that it was a private room in the club next door. At least it wasn’t a hotel room. 
She nodded and followed Mr. Sun out. 
She lowered her eyes to hide the vigilance in her eyes. 
The few of them got into the nanny van. When they got in, President Qian invited Qiao Yiyi.”Miss Qiao, my car is one of a kind in the country. Do you want to come and sit?” 
Qiao Yiyi immediately smiled and politely refused,”President Qian, it’s fine. I’m used to riding in our family’s car.” 
When President Qian heard this, he glanced at President sun. Seeing that President sun was giving him a look, he didn’t force it and just nodded.”Alright, I’ll see you at the club.” 
Qiao Yiyi pretended not to notice their eye contact and nodded. 
She followed Mr. Sun to her family’s car. 
In the private room of the club. 
When Qiao Yiyi and President sun arrived, President Qian was already there. 
It was an ordinary private room with a sofa and a KTV next to it. There was another room where they could eat. There were also a few sofas in the corner where they could talk about business. 
After President sun and President Qian met, the two politely shook hands, and then Qian Jin pointed to the sofa next to them. “Then let’s get to the point. Let’s not beat around the bush. You can explain to me what’s going on with your contract over there. Also, your proposal is too thick. I’ll have to trouble miss Qiao to explain it to me!” 
Director sun immediately nodded.”lt’s no trouble, no trouble ” 
The few of them sat on the sofa. Qiao Yiyi picked up her company’s proposal and began to explain it to President Qian. 
After talking for about five minutes, Qian Jin suddenly picked up a glass of water and handed it to Qiao Yiyi.”Miss Qiao, your mouth is dry from talking. 
Drink some water before continuing!” 
[PS: wuhen always has his own purpose and reason for doing things. Don’t call her stupid–well, it’s the beginning of the month. Everyone, please vote for me.. Thank you-Il
###Chapter 1961 – Who Is It?(1) 
Qiao Yiyi immediately looked at the glass of water. 
Her woman’s intuition told her that there was something wrong with the glass of water. 
So much so that … When Li Tingting had planned to sleep with Lu nanze, hadn’t she done something to the water
So, how could she drink this cup of water at this moment
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and was thinking of a solution when President sun took the cup and handed it to Qiao Yiyi.”President Qian gave it to you. Drink it!” I can hear that your voice is hoarse. ” 
Qiao Yiyi raised her head and looked at President sun and then at President Qian. 
There were two bodyguards behind President Qian. 
The two of them looked strong, but Qiao Yiyi guessed that she was no match for them. 
So, if he didn’t accept this glass of water, would he be forced to drink it as punishment
Qiao Yiyi took the glass of water from President sun and smiled at President Qian.”Thank you for your kind intentions, President Qian.” 
After she said this, she lowered her head and took a sip. 
Seeing that she had finished the water, Mr. Qian smiled in satisfaction. Then, he turned to look at the people around him and gave them a look. 
Everyone immediately understood. 
President Qian looked at Qiao Yiyi.”Come, miss Qiao, you can continue. I’ll continue to listen.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded, but the next moment, her brain seemed to have developed. She couldn’t help but reach out and hold her head. 
President Qian reached out his hand and held her arm. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her head warily and glanced at Mr. Qian. Mr. Qian looked at her with a smile. “Are you okay?” he asked. I’ll help you sit down and rest. ‘ 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. Her stubborn yet pitiful look made President Qian’s heart itch. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at him, then seemed to have thought of something. “Then, the cooperation between our two companies …” 
“Sigh, you’re not feeling well, so why are you still talking about cooperation?” 
Qiao Yiyi reached out her arm and blocked President Qian and her. “No, I’m here to discuss a collaboration. Where’s the proposal?” 
She turned her head to the side and looked like she was looking for a proposal. However, she had already noticed that the people in the room had left with all sorts of excuses. 
Even director sun was nowhere to be seen. e?. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered. This CEO Sun was really something! 
He had completely sold himself out, right
She frowned and turned around to see that Mr. Qian had already come to her side. He wrapped his arm around her waist and said, “I think you’re really not feeling well. Why don’t we go to bed and talk about the proposal?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank when she heard the undisguised meaning. 
She stood up immediately. “President Qian, you, what do you mean by this?” Before he could finish, President Qian had already started laughing. ‘We’re already at this stage, so stop pretending to be chaste. You see, a moment of love is worth a thousand gold. Let’s not waste any more time!” 
When he said this, President Qian grabbed Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi staggered and was thrown onto the bed by President Qian. Then, he pressed himself on her . 
Lu family. 
After receiving Li Tingtings call, the housekeeper was baffled. 
She immediately went upstairs to look for Lu nanze, but just as she reached the door, the Butler stopped her.””Sir has instructed us not to disturb him unless there’s something particularly important..”
###Chapter 1962 – Who Is It?(2) 
The nanny was a little anxious.”But that phone call just now …” 
“Are you in a hurry?” 
Is he in a hurry
The nanny didn’t know what to say. 
She didn’t know that person at all. She couldn’t understand the phone call and the content of the conversation. 
So, how could he know if it was urgent or not
However, her hesitant look, in the Butler’s eyes, meant that she was not in a hurry at all. Hence, the Butler immediately lowered his voice and said,””Can’t you see? Sir was cultivating his relationship with the young master. Now that he had put aside everything in the company, what urgent matter was there that he had to look for Sir for? Ah?” 
The nanny was so scared that she didn’t dare to say anything. She nodded and went downstairs. 
The nanny was downstairs cooking and cleaning. After thinking about it, she still felt that there was something wrong with the phone call. How could it not be a big deal for such a strange phone call to the Lu family
The nanny was downstairs cooking and cleaning. After thinking about it, she still felt that there was something wrong with the phone call. How could it not be a big deal for such a strange phone call to the Lu family
Hence, the nanny hesitated for a moment before going upstairs again. 
As soon as she went upstairs, the Butler grabbed her arm and said, “”Why did you come up again. 
The nanny looked into the study room.”l want to see Sir. There’s really something. Someone just called .n” 
“Shh! “The Butler made a shushing gesture, then pulled the housekeeper to the side.” What’s the matter?” 
The housekeeper glanced at the Butler and immediately told him everything that had happened on the phone. After that, she said,””l don’t know if this is important or not. I just feel uneasy, so I came to tell you. You 
Before she could finish, she saw the Butler’s expression change. He stared at the housekeeper and shouted,””Aiyo, why didn’t you say this earlier! ” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he rushed into the study room without a care. “Sir, something might have happened to Madam!” When Lu nanze heard this, he raised his head abruptly. 
At the same time, his phone vibrated again. 
Lu nanze immediately picked up his phone and saw Li Tingting’s message. 
It was the number of a club’s private room! 
Without a word, Lu nanze jumped to his feet and dashed out of the door. 
The Butler followed behind him and arranged the follow-up matters. “Quick, the two of you follow Sir The two of you . 
But Lu nanze couldn’t care less about that. 
He jumped into his sports car and went straight to the club. 
On the way, he received a call from the Butler. 
The Butler was very worried, “Sir, you can’t be alone!” What if it was a trap
What if it was an old enemy from before who came to find him? You …” 
‘You shut up!” Lu nanze immediately shouted, “as long as there’s the slightest possibility, I must go! Wuhen might be in danger!” 
After saying this, he hung up the phone and stepped on the gas! 
The sports car sped along the roads of Beijing, and Lu nanze’s heart burned with anxiety. 
Logically speaking, Wu Hen was quite skilled, so he shouldn’t be worried about him. 
However, he also knew 
In fact, Wu hen’s family had been in contact with each other since they were young. 
If they wanted to be thieves, they had to suppress their growth in height, which was very harmful to their bodies. 
And all of this would be destroyed after she became pregnant. 
Therefore, the current wuhen could not be compared to the wuhen from five years ago! 
Five years ago, she was able to leave the Xu family unsca thed. 
But now, she might not be able to escape from Qian Jin’S hands!
###Chapter 1963 – Who Is It?(3) 
When Qiao Yiyi was pressed down on the bed by Qian Jin, she felt that her body was indeed not as good as it was five years ago. 
However, his years of training were not in vain. 
Seeing that there was no one around, she jumped out of the bed and quickly picked up the sheets on the only small bed in the club. 
Before Qian Jin could react, Qiao Yiyi tied his hands and feet with the bed sheets and tied him to the sofa next to him, making him unable to move. 
Qian Jin wanted to say something, but Qiao Yiyi stuffed the bed sheet directly into his mouth, making him unable to speak. Then she patted her hands and looked at Qian Jin with a smile.”President Qian, I don’t really care if you sign this plan with our company or not, but your attitude is really bad! I, Qiao Yiyi, am not someone to be bullied!” 
Qiao Yiyi reached out her hand and slapped President Qian’s face twice. 
“I’m scared, scared, scared, scared!” Qiao Yiyi moved her wrist again and looked outside. 
There was such a huge commotion in the room, but no one came in from outside 
This meant that The sound insulation in this room was pretty good! 
At the thought of this, Qiao Yiyi sneered. She slowly picked up her bag and walked to the door. She looked through the peephole to make sure that no one was there. Then, she swaggered out of the main door. 
Outside. 
Qian Jin’s bodyguard was originally standing at the door after he came out. 
In order to please others, director sun directly said to the two bodyguards, “”1’11 treat the two of you to some tea, is that okay?” 
The two bodyguards immediately shook their heads. After all, they were trained. How could they be asked to leave so easily
Director sun immediately laughed.”l know that the two of you are very dedicated. How about this, I’ll book another room next door. After all, you’re too conspicuous standing here. If someone passes by, they’ll think that something is going on inside.” 
When the two bodyguards heard this, they looked at each other and nodded. 
Director sun booked a room in the room next door. Then, he led two bodyguards in and drank tea and poured wine. They had a lot of fun. 
Hence, they did not notice that Qiao Lian had already left. 
Tvventy minutes later. 
Li Tingting arrived at the club. 
She stood in the corridor sneakily and counted the number of the rooms. 
When she finally arrived at Qiao Yiyi and President Qian’s private room, she bit her lip and couldn’t help but walk around the room. 
The two of them had been in the room for so long, so they should have succeeded, right
But why was Lu nanze not here yet
And if Lu nanze came and both of them were done, Qiao Yiyi would insist that nothing had happened between them. Then wouldn’t her efforts tonight be in vain7 
At that thought, Li Tingting suddenly felt indignant. 
She frowned and looked left and right. Then, she moved closer to the door and looked inside. 
However, just as she was about to use her strength, she realized that the door had opened unconsciously. 
Li Tingting was taken aback and subconsciously wanted to escape. n?eа. o
She turned around and took two steps, but then she stopped in her tracks and looked at the door. Then, a look of struggle flashed in her eyes..
###Chapter 1964 – : Who Is It?(4) 
Qiao Yiyi left the hotel and drove her sports car on the road. 
She thought to herself that she would definitely not be able to go to work tomorrow. 
So, was he going to the Lu family to pick up Kaka today
Or just let Kaka stay at the Lu family for one night
After all, it was already so late. 
Moreover, he had to deal with company matters tomorrow, so he was not in the mood tonight. 
Moreover, it’s already so late, Kaka should be asleep already, right
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi picked up her phone. Then, she realized that her phone was turned off. 
She immediately switched on her phone. The moment she did so, a call came in. 
She was slightly taken aback and immediately picked up the call. She heard the Butler’s voice.”Madam, are you alright?” 
“I’m fine. What’s wrong?”Qiao Yiyi didn’t understand. 
“That’s bad! It seems like this is a trap!” 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked.”What’s wrong?” 
“Someone just called and said that you wanted to compensate Qian Jin for his sleep. They even sent the private room number. They should be here soon!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank when she heard this. She seemed to have thought of something and her face turned pale. 
Then, she calmly said to the Butler,””Okay, I know. I’ll go find him immediately!” 
She quickly hung up and gave Lu nanze a call. 
However, no one picked up Lu nanze?s call. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything. She immediately turned the car around and ran back to the club. 
She couldn’t let Lu nanze enter the private room. If he were to get into a fight with Qian Jin 
She couldn’t let Lu nanze get involved in this. 
Because she was already prepared to cut ties with Lu nanze. 
Thinking of this, she stepped on the gas and the car sped towards the club. A few minutes later, the car finally arrived at the club. 
Qiao Yiyi saw Lu nanze’s car parked downstairs. He must have left the door open in a hurry. 
Qiao Yiyi ran over immediately and saw that the driver’s seat was empty. His phone was there, and the housekeeper was calling him. 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows, looked up, and ran upstairs. 
The private room they were in was on the third floor. Qiao Yiyi didn’t wait for the elevator and ran up the stairs. 
She had just reached the third floor and pushed open the door to the staircase when she heard a loud “bang”. It must have been Lu nanze who had kicked the door open and rushed in. 
Qiao Yiyi’s face turned pale. 
She quickened her pace and was about to rush over again when she heard the door of the next room being pushed open. 
Immediately, the two bodyguards rushed out and went straight to the private room! 
Qiao Yiyi heard one of the bodyguards exclaim,””President Qian!” 
The other bodyguard shouted, “call the police! Quick, don’t let anyone leave! Call the police!” 
“Murder! Murder! Lu nanze has killed someone!” 
Qiao Yiyi staggered when she heard this. d. c?
She took a step forward in shock and was just able to see the situation inside through the open door. 
Qian Jin was still tied to the sofa. 
But at this moment, his eyes were wide open. 
And he was missing a piece of glass on his forehead! 
That glass shard was a fatal blow! 
Qiao Yiyi’S pupils shrank when she saw this. 
LPS: I’ve finished updating, see you tomorrow—-please give me monthly votes! ]
###Chapter 1965 – Who Is It?(5) 
Lu nanze stood in the room. At that moment, he was as anxious as a madman. He strolled around the room in a panic, looking for something while shouting,””Qiao Yiyi, Yiyi …” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard his voice, she realized that he was calling her. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi immediately shouted,””I’m here!” 
Lu nanze turned around and heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Qiao Yiyi. 
But … 
Because he had been walking around the room and touching everything, he had messed up the scene. His fingerprints were in many places. 
When Qiao Yiyi had just come up, she had heard him rush into the room. In fact, if she thought about it, she knew that he wouldn’t have had the time to commit the crime. 
However, Qiao Yiyi and Lu nanze were once husband and wife. Hence, Qiao Yiyi’s testimony was useless. 
And now, Lu nanze had become a murder suspect! 
Qian Jin’s two bodyguards knew that they had made a big mess. They did not protect Qian Jin well, and the Qian family would definitely not let them go. 
Therefore, they had to catch the murderer in order to receive the minimum punishment. 
So, one of them blocked the door and didn’t let anyone go out, while the other directly picked up his phone and started calling the police. 
Tvvo minutes after they called the police, they saw someone walking over. 
Because it was the scene of the crime, at this moment, all the guests on the entire floor had gathered around. Those who were further away were pointing at the private room. 
The bodyguards had also set up a separate area according to the police’s instructions. They did not allow unrelated people to enter and maintained the scene. 
Qiao Yiyi happened to be in the crowd. Although she called out to Lu nanze, she was taken away before she could enter. 
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi was anxiously staring at Lu nanze, who was standing at the scene of the crime. Then, she heard a familiar voice from the side.”Please make way, I’m a police officer.” 
She turned her head abruptly and saw Liang Liang standing there. He must have been playing in this club, so he was dressed in plain clothes. At this moment, he was holding a police ID in his hand and showing it to the bodyguard. After the bodyguard confirmed the authenticity of the shock, he made way. “It’s officer Liang. Captain Liang, come in quickly. We personally caught the person who killed our husband! You must bring him to justice!” 
Hearing this, Liang Liang nodded, “don’t worry. As policemen, we won’t let any murderer off, nor will we wrong any good person.” 
After saying this, he entered the crime scene with a straight face. 
The moment he walked in, he seemed to sense something. He turned his head and looked at Qiao Yiyi. 
The two pairs of eyes met . 
Qiao Yiyi and Liang Liang felt as if it was a lifetime ago. 
It had been five years. 
Liang Liang looked even more handsome. 
Compared to before, he was more stable and had a sharper aura. He was more like a leader. 
However, when she saw him again, Qiao Yiyi didn’t feel the pain that she had felt when he betrayed her that year. Instead, she felt that he was a friend that she hadn’t seen for a long time. She felt that she could say hello to him and turned around nonchalantly. 
However, she couldn’t turn around at this moment. She was still concerned about Lu nanze, who was still trapped inside. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. She looked at Liang Liang and then at Lu nanze. The change in her expression made Liang sigh..
###Chapter 1966 – Who Is It?(6) 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him like he was a good friend. 
However, the complicated look in her eyes when she looked at Lu nanze showed that she could not forget him. 
Liang Liang knew that he shouldn’t be jealous. 
It was all in the past. 
Now, he and Bai Anan were husband and wife … And they were living a decent life. 
So, he nodded at Qiao Yiyi and gave her a reassuring look. Then, he turned around and walked into the room. 
Since Lu nanze had found Qiao Yiyi, he wasn’t in a hurry. Seeing Liang Liang come in, he nodded at him. 
Liang Liang couldn’t help but sigh.”Young master Lu, you’ve really caused me a lot of trouble these years!” 
Lu nanze did not say anything. 
Liang Liang frowned and looked at Qian Jin. 
Qian Jin’s hands and feet were tied up, but the fatal wound was the glass shard on his forehead. 
The glass must have come from the broken beer bottle on the table, because there were broken pieces of glass on the ground. 
Liang Liang walked around the room, then frowned and squatted in front of Qian Jin. 
The blood on Qian Jin’s forehead did not flow out because it was blocked by the glass shards. 
However, his eyes were wide open and filled with fear. 
It was as if he had received a shock before he died. 
However, he must have been shocked when he saw the glass shards stabbing at him. 
Therefore, Liang Liang had no doubt about this. 
He walked around the room again, but he didn’t see any other traces. 
He furrowed his brows and said, “”The forensic doctor isn’t here yet?” 
Along with this sentence, a clear and pleasant female voice was heard.””They’re here!” 
Everyone turned around and saw a petite figure in a forensic uniform walking in with her own suitcase. 
The girl was very beautiful, but her character was very cold. She had a plain smile on her face, without a smile. She walked to Qian Jin, opened the box, took out gloves, put them on, and began to check the cause of Qian Jin’s death. As she looked, she explained, “Before Qian Jin died, he wasn’t tortured. He was killed by a knife. No, he was killed by broken glass. “The things tied to his body should have been some time since he died. The victim didn’t struggle violently before he died, so he should have been killed by someone familiar. His eyes were filled with shock and fear. It’s even more certain that he knows the person who killed him.” 
The girl spoke slowly, but she gave off a sense of trust, as if what she said was the truth. 
The moment he said that, one of the bodyguards pointed at Lu nanze and said,””Our Sir knows Mr. Lu!!” 
‘Yes, our master knows Mr. Lu!” 
Liang Liang frowned when he heard this. “Don’t be so loud! Just because your Sir knows Lu nanze, does that mean that Lu nanze is the murderer? Let me tell you, in order to determine whether a person has killed someone or not, in addition to witnesses and physical evidence, there is another thing, and that is the motive for killing!” 
“Lu nanze and your Sir have no grudges against each other. In fact, their families are business partners.. You said that he’s a murderer, so why did he kill him? If you can’t give him a motive today, then even if all the evidence points to him, or even if he admitted that he was the murderer , he won’t be convicted of murder!”
###Chapter 1967 – Who Is It?(7) 
Liang Liang’s words stunned the bodyguards. 
The two of them looked at each other. 
Even if Lu nanze was here, why would he want to kill Qian Jin
This was simply impossible! 
Qian Jin had just arrived in Suzhou and had yet to offend him. Moreover, given Lu nanze’s power in Suzhou, if he wanted to kill someone, how could he do it himself
Everything could not be explained! 
Just as they were struggling with their thoughts, they suddenly heard a voice.”I know why! I know the motive!” 
Everyone turned to look at the person who had spoken, and they saw Li Tingting walking out of the crowd. 
She stared at Lu nanze and said word by word,””Because the woman Qian Jin wanted to violate tonight was his ex-wife! That’s why he killed them in a fit of rage!” 
The two bodyguards instantly understood what was going on. 
They widened their eyes in disbelief, and even Qian Jin’s assistant, who had heard the news, was stunned in place! 
The assistant knew that Qian Jin had always wanted to build a good relationship with Lu nanze. Hence, he was still looking for Lu nanze’s ex-wife and wanted to use her as a breakthrough point. 
However, she had never expected that beautiful woman to be Lu nanze’s ex-wife. 
The assistant couldn’t help but turn his head and see Qiao Yiyi in the crowd. 
He immediately pointed at Qiao Yiyi and shouted, “1t’s her! She was the one with President Qian tonight! But Why is she out there?” 
After the assistant said this, everyone turned to look at Qiao Yiyi. 
The two bodyguards and everyone else, including chief sun, stared at Qiao Yiyi in disbelief. 
Director sun was also stunned.”Why did you run out? Weren’t you in the private room with President Qian Doing that?” 
His words shifted the attention and focus to Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and stared at the people around her. 
After a moment, she bit her lip. 
She looked at director sun and said,”l 
Before he could speak, the forensic doctor said,””lt’s obvious that this lady used these bedsheets to kidnap the victim and escape.” 
The forensic doctor stood up and looked around the crowd indifferently. Then he looked at Qian Jin rationally. 
Liang Liang’s eyes fell on Qiao Yiyi when he heard the crowd’s words. 
His gaze suddenly became deep and serene. 
He didn’t believe that Lu nanze was the murderer. 
Lu nanze would never do something so lowly as to put himself in a passive position. 
And if this matter was related to Wu Hen 
Wu Hen had always been a person who was both good and evil. 
What if this Qian Jin wanted to violate her, and she couldn’t bear the humiliation, so she would take action It was also possible! 
SO 
Liang Liang’s pupils shrank. He looked at Qiao Yiyi suspiciously. 
Not only Liang Liang, but even the two bodyguards looked at each other and then at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and lowered them. 
She clenched her fists nervously. 
At this point, it seemed that the murderer was either her or Lu nanze. 
Just as this thought came to her mind, she heard Lu nanze say slowly, “‘You can collect the evidence and then do what you need to do.. Liang Liang, shouldn’t you detain me now and we can talk at the police station?”
###Chapter 1968 – Who Is It?(8) 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned by his words. 
The great CEO Lu obediently went to the police station. If word got out, it would definitely be the biggest news in Suzhou! 
It would also be the biggest scandal of the Lu family! 
Lu nanze clearly knew all this. Even if he had really killed the man, he should not have been taken away by the police. Instead, he should have contacted his lawyer and let him handle the follow-up. 
However, he was doing it now, and he was so cooperative … 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart warmed. 
She immediately understood what Lu nanze meant. 
He was protecting her! 
If he had explained that he wasn’t the murderer, then everyone’s suspicion would have been on her! 
That was why he couldn’t deny it now. He even helped her temporarily. The purpose was to stall for time, then find the real murderer and clear their names. 
When Qiao Yiyi understood this, a warm current spread from her heart to her limbs. 
In fact, even if they suspected her, it was nothing. She just had to follow Liang 
Liang to the police station and find the evidence that she didn’t kill anyone. Then she could be released. 
But Lu nanze was so protective of her, it was obvious that he didn’t even want her to go to the police station. 
He was simply Too stupid. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes. She didn’t know what to say or do. 
She could only stare at Lu nanze and Liang Liang quietly, a complicated look flashing in her eyes. 
Li Tingting couldn’t care less about that. She looked at Qiao Yiyi, then at Lu nanze. Thinking about how Lu nanze had been the reason the Li family had fallen all these years, she suddenly felt hatred for him. 
She bit her lip and said, “Lu nanze has always been very protective of his own people. When his woman was touched by someone else, he must have flown into a rage out of humiliation. I saw him rush into the room with my own eyes, and then I heard the sound of a glass shattering! So, Lu nanze is definitely the murderer!” 
Qiao Yiyi raised her head immediately. ‘You’re talking nonsense!” After he entered the room, there was no sound of glass shattering. You’re talking nonsense!” 
Li Tingtings eyes narrowed.”What nonsense am I spouting? anyway, there’s a forensic doctor here who can verify the fingerprints here!” 
Qiao Yiyi was also anxious. “But when Lu nanze came in just now, he didn’t know where I was and messed up the scene. I can’t explain the fingerprints 
Li Tingting sneered. “Do you have an excuse for everything? I don’t believe it’s such a coincidence!” 
The Qian family’s assistant and bodyguards immediately looked at each other. 
Qian Jin was dead. If the murderer was Lu nanze, then at least it could be explained. But if the murderer was someone else, then it was the result of their poor protection. 
Hence, at this moment, they could only insist that it was Lu nanze. 
The two bodyguards immediately stood up and said, “yes, it must be him! I saw him in the room when I entered. Who else could it be if not him?” 
Qiao Yiyi was furious when she saw everyone’s reaction. 
She knew that this group of people was going to put on a show of pointing out a deer as a horse today! 
However, of all things! 
The evidence she could provide was not trusted at all! 
She was so anxious that she opened her mouth and was about to say something when she heard the forensic doctor sneer. “Are you all delusional? How could Mr. Lu be the murderer
[PS: Keke, forensic doctor Feng Jiji has come out as a guest-how many people still remember this person?] Let me give you a hint, her brother is called Fengshi-lalala, please give me a monthly ticket-
###Chapter 1969 – Who Is It?(9) 
As soon as he finished speaking, the surrounding people suddenly fell silent. 
Everyone looked at the forensic doctor in unison. 
The forensic doctor sneered.”If you want to slander Mr. Lu, you’ll have to ask me first.” 
Her voice wasn’t loud, but she gave off a very solemn feeling. It made people slow down their breathing and listen to her. 
The forensic doctor pointed at the deceased and said,””The victim has been dead for half an hour. I just want to ask, how long ago did Mr. Lu come in?” 
It had only been twenty minutes since Lu nanze had entered the room and the forensic doctor had arrived. So … 
The forensic doctor lowered his eyes and laughed sarcastically,”so, Mr. Lu didn’t have the time to commit the crime at all!” In other words, when he came in, the victim was already dead!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, the crowd burst into an uproar! 
Lu nanze looked at the forensic doctor. He knew that he had to say something at this moment. He looked at Liang Liang and ?I came in, I saw that he was dead. But I was concerned about Qiao Yiyi, so I stayed in the room to look for her.” 
Liang Liang nodded. “Then Mr. Lu can’t be the murderer.” 
He glanced at the two bodyguards and saw that they were also shocked. However, at this moment, the truth was right in front of them. 
Even if they wanted to get Lu nanze to take over the post, there was no way they could force the blame onto him. 
Because he didn’t have the time to commit the crime! 
Therefore, they didn’t dare to say anything when Liang Liang said to let them go. 
Lu nanze’s gaze fell on Li Tingting after he was released. Li Tingting shivered at his gaze and was so scared that she did not dare to speak. 
Lu nanze looked at Qiao Yiyi and saw that she had heaved a sigh of relief. 
However, he frowned. 
Sure enough, the next moment, the two bodyguards opened their mouths.”Then, who is the murder suspect?” ?a. 
Without thinking, they turned to Qiao Yiyi and pointed at her.”lt must be Qiao Yiyi! It’S definitely her!” Liang Liang frowned. 
Lu nanze frowned as well. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. 
Liang Liang walked to Qiao Yiyi, stared at her and said slowly , “‘Miss Qiao, I have to be professional, so I would like to aski what’s going on between you and the victim?” 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and said, “1 was tricked by Mr. Sun to come here to discuss the project, but I don’t know what they gave me to drink. Because I only drank one mouthful, the dosage was relatively small. This group of people left. Qian Jin wanted to violate me, but I did it to protect myself. I tied him up with the bed sheet and ran away.” 
At this point, she clenched her fists and said,””This club is well-equipped, so there should be surveillance cameras. We can pull up the surveillance cameras to see if the time I left and the time the victim was killed match.” 
Fortunately, the deceased was discovered early, so the time of death was almost accurate to a few minutes. 
Liang Liang nodded and turned to his men.”Remove the surveillance cameras.” 
Immediately, a police officer in uniform ran to the surveillance room. 
For a moment, no one spoke. 
The forensic doctor continued to examine the body. She stared at the body for a while before saying,””The murderer killed the victim in one blow. I can’t tell why he killed the victim, but the murderer didn’t torture him before he died..”
###Chapter 1970 – Who Is It?(10) 
The two bodyguards were stunned.”What do you mean?” 
After the forensic doctor finished his examination, he took off his gloves and threw them into the trash can beside him. When he did these actions, he explained in a standard way,””This shows that the murderer is a humane person. Or, it is not a vendetta, and he does not hate the victim, because generally, vendetta murders torture the victim before he dies. Or, this was a vendetta, but the time allowed for it, and the victim was not tortured. This shows that the murderer is still human, and there must be some difficulties. ” 
The two bodyguards were stunned and did not understand what was going on. 
The forensic doctor didn’t want to explain to them. After saying what he had to say, he picked up his things, looked at Liang Liang and said, “”The time of death should be between 21:28 to 30 pm. You can send the body to our Department for the next step of a systematic examination. There’s nothing else to collect evidence here, so I’ll take my leave first. ” 
After saying what he needed to say, Feng Jiji, the forensic doctor, wasn’t someone who liked to watch a show, so he simply suggested leaving. 
Liang Liang nodded. 
After Feng Jiji left, Liang Liang looked at Qiao Yiyi and asked, “”How long did you leave the room
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. “1 checked my phone when I left. It was 21:20.” 
Liang Liang immediately heaved a sigh of relief. He looked at the two bodyguards and said,”so, she didn’t have the time to commit the crime.” The two bodyguards frowned. 
Li Tingting couldn’t help but sneer. “Officer Liang is really good to the Lu couple! Earlier, she had tried to absolve Lu nanze of his crimes, and now, she was trying to absolve Qiao Yiyi of her crimes. Just because you said there was no time to commit the crime, did it mean there was no time to commit the crime? This Qiao Yiyi must have been panicking when she left the room. She even knew to look at the time Don’t you think that normal people would be scared out of their wits? who would look at the time
Liang Liang was speechless. 
However, Wu Hen was not a normal person. 
IfWu Hen could be frightened by a so-called Qian Jin, then his name, Liang Liang, would be written backl,vard! 
However, he didn’t say this to Li Tingting, since she didn’t understand it anyvvay. 
He directly sneered and said,””lf you don’t believe the time miss Qiao told you, you’ll know when the surveillance video is out.” 
“What?” Li Tingting choked.”You …” 
Then the police came back. YVhen they saw Liang Liang, they immediately a coincidence! There’s a problem with the club’s surveillance system. They had an appointment to fix it today, so in the half an hour just now, they were busy fixing it and didn’t record the exact time miss Qiao left!” Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank when she heard this. 
She turned around and looked at the police officer who had spoken. At the same time, she could not help but smile bitterly in her heart. 
As soon as he thought of this, he heard the two bodyguards say,””Did you see that? Qiao Yiyi didn’t have an alibi! She kidnapped President Qian, perhaps because she hated him, or perhaps she accidentally killed him!” 
Li Tingting laughed coldly..”How could it have been an accident? The forensic doctor had just said that it was a one-hit kill, so who could be killed in one hit if they missed? He’s clearly killing someone on purpose!”
###Chapter 1971 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(1) 
Li Tingting’s meaning was clear-she couldn’t let Qiao Yiyi be charged with murder in self-defense. After all, self-defense and intentional murder were two different concepts! 
As soon as she said that, the two bodyguards immediately understood what Li Tingting meant and said,””Yes, she was the one who deliberately killed people out of anger!” 
Liang Liang frowned. 
The police officers that were sent out also came back after interviewing the surrounding people.”Captain, it’s like this. We’ve asked the club’s staff and they said that they didn’t see Ms. Qiao go out. Even the surveillance cameras in the underground parking lot are gone, so now …” 
He didn’t finish his sentence, but Liang Liang understood what he meant. 
Now, Qiao Yiyi was the biggest murder suspect! 
There was no evidence that could prove Qiao Yiyi’s innocence! 
At this moment, Liang Liang was in a dilemma! 
Just as he was feeling conflicted, he suddenly saw Qiao Yiyi sigh. “Then take me away first. ” She said. We’ll talk about the rest later. ” Liang Liang’s pupils shrank when he heard this. 
Lu nanze took a step forward and said,”Wu Yiyi!” 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at Lu nanze and said,””l only ask one thing of you. Take care of Kaka and wait for me to come out.” 
No matter what, she would not die in the prison. ?nr. 
So, it didn’t matter. At most, after entering the prison, if he couldn’t find any evidence to prove himself, he could escape from the prison! 
Even if her body had grown up and she was not as agile as before, she was still from a family of thieves. It would not be a problem for her to escape from the prison. 
Moreover 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Liang Liang. With Liang Liang around, she would have a higher chance of escaping. 
It was indeed unreasonable for Liang Liang to let Qiao Yiyi go now. 
He lowered his voice and said, “ Then I’ll have to trouble you.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and extended her hand. 
Liang Liang took out the handcuffs and put them on her. 
Then, he took Qiao Yiyi and walked out. 
Halfway through, she suddenly heard Lu nanze’s voice. “Yiyi!” 
Qiao Yiyi turned around. 
Lu nanze stared at her and said,”when you’re there, don’t say anything. Just wait for me to find you the best lawyer. You’ll be fine!” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, a warm current flashed through the depths of her heart. 
No matter when, he would always support her. 
She was not like Liang Liang, who had once doubted her and questioned her. 
He had always trusted her A man like this meant that this was the second time she had a good eye for men. 
It was a pity that they were not fated to meet. 
This was how the world was. One would never cherish what one had, and those that one could not have would always be restless. 
If it was five years ago, based on this support and understanding, she would definitely not hesitate to let go of the past and be with him . 
But now 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and didn’t say anything. She just turned around and followed Liang Liang out. 
Qiao Yiyi was taken away. 
In the police car, Liang Liang personally accompanied her. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Liang Liang and couldn’t help smiling bitterly. “I didn’t expect the captain of the police station to escort me personally. Do I feel honored?” 
As soon as he said this, Liang Liang fell silent. 
After a while, Liang Liang smiled bitterly.”Only you can still talk and laugh at this moment.’ 
“0therwise, if I cry and say I’m not guilty, will you let me go?
###Chapter 1972 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(2) 
Liang Liang immediately looked at Qiao Yiyi and asked seriously,””Then, did you kill him?” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She didn’t expect Liang Liang to ask this question. 
In Liang Liang’s mind, she should be the delicate Mrs. Lu of the Lu family. 
But his tone … 
Her pupils shrank and she suddenly looked at Liang Liang.”Do you know who I am?” 
Liang Liang nodded slowly. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately frowned. 
She didn’t know that Liang Liang had already known her identity! 
For a moment, the two of them suddenly became a little awkward. 
Liang Liang looked at her and lowered his voice,””Wuhen, I understand your character. You are never one to be humiliated. Qian Jin bullied you so much and you tied him up. This is not your usual style, so I asked you … Did you kill him?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. 
She stared at Liang Liang and suddenly sneered after a while,””Liang Liang, you’re still in trouble and the first person you suspect is me?” 
Liang Liang’s eyes flickered. 
Yeah. 
Liang Liang had already connected all the incidents in his heart. ra. ?ｍ
In fact, the biggest suspect was Wu Hen. 
Because there was no one else who could kill Qian Jin. 
However, it was just like a few years ago. 
He saw that a mu was killed and things were stolen. All the evidence pointed to wuhen. 
However, in the end, it was proven that he had wronged her. 
Liang Liang’s eyes flickered a few times, revealing an uncertain look. 
After a moment, he lowered his head and took a deep breath.”l’m sorry. I shouldn’t have doubted you.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t reply. 
Liang Liang turned his head to the side and said,”Don’t worry, if you didn’t kill him, I’ll keep you safe. ” 
He said this word by word with absolute certainty. 
But at the same time, it had another meaning. 
She really didn’t kill him. 
This meant that Liang Liang still didn’t believe her from the bottom of his heart. 
Qiao Yiyi still didn’t say anything. She just stared at Liang Liang. 
She found that Liang Liang had really changed. 
He was no longer the weak and irresponsible Liang Liang from five years ago. 
He had become a true police officer and began to have his own sense of social responsibility. He was no longer emotional and dealt with things fairly and according to the law. 
Such a police officer was a blessing to the people. 
It was also the person he had wanted to become when he first entered the police force. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and started to feel a little dazed. 
In the past, when he wanted to handle some things impartially, he could not avoid some shady dealings. His status was low, and he could not control some things. 
Five years ago, when he married Bai Anan and director Bai became his father-in-law, his status suddenly rose. He no longer had to worry about the unspoken rules and was determined to stick to his own ideas 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t know what to say. 
It could only be said that nature made a fool of people. 
Liang Liang made her. 
However, didn’t she also make Liang Liang successful
If Liang Liang didn’t marry Bai Anan because of her, he would still be the captain Liang who was suppressed by director Bai and he wouldn’t be able to do whatever he wanted! 
[Author’s note: sometimes, you have to give something up to gain something. Liang Liang sacrificed himself five years ago so that wuhen could become a supernumerary personnel of the police force. Although his marriage with Bai Anan made him feel aggrieved, it also gave him something he wanted..] See you tomorrow—-
###Chapter 1973 – : Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(3) 
Time passed by in silence. eα. ?m
The police car arrived at the police station. Liang Liang escorted Qiao Yiyi inside. 
He arranged for her to guard the room alone and thoughtfully prepared dinner for her before leaving. 
Qiao Yiyi ate her dinner quietly in her room. Then, she started to observe the room. 
The police station was well-equipped and had the most comprehensive security system. Other than the door, there was no other escape route in this room. 
Qiao Yiyi’s gaze fell on the door and she narrowed her eyes. 
If there was really no way to prove her innocence, she could only escape from prison! 
She wasn’t an innocent little white rabbit who would obediently wait for the court’s judgment. 
But Qiao Yiyi didn’t know that all her actions had been seen by Liang Liang in the monitoring room. 
Liang Liang sat on the chair and stared at her with greed in his eyes. 
After a while, he took a deep breath. 
They had not seen each other for five years, and now that they had finally met, he really did not recognize her anymore. 
She had grown a lot taller and became more beautiful. It was not an exaggeration to describe her beauty as indescribable. 
However, many years ago, she was pure and beautiful. Although she was proud and had her own tsundere, she had never been like this, with an overbearing feeling. 
Yes , the current Qiao Yiyi gave off an overbearing feeling. 
Just like just now, when he suspected that she was the murderer, if it were a few years ago, she would definitely sneer and keep quiet. But today, she directly asked him if he didn’t believe her 
He had to admit that he really suspected that she was the murderer After all 
“Qiao Yiyi has fallen to such a state after her divorce with Lu nanze? Working in such a small company
Just as he was thinking, a female voice was suddenly heard. 
Liang Liang was stunned. He turned around and saw Bai Anan with a big belly walking in with a thermal lunch box in her hand. 
Liang Liang’s eyes turned cold, but when he saw her belly, he felt a little warmer. 
Bai Anan was seven months pregnant. She was waiting at home for the delivery and did not work anymore. 
However, whenever he worked overtime, she would come to the police station to find him and bring him food. 
Liang Liang had to admit that even though Bai Anan and director Bai had set up wuhen and killed ah mu Bai Anan had been very accommodating to him in the past five years. 
When they had just gotten married, he had not even touched her. 
And her child was just an accident. 
But he could feel that Bai Anan had given him her heart all these years. 
However, when he thought of ah mu and how Bai Anan had forced wuhen five years ago He couldn’t get over it. 
So Liang Liang didn’t say anything and continued to stare at the screen. 
Bai Anan walked up to him and placed the thermal lunch box in front of him. 
Ignoring his cold attitude, she said,””Eat your dinner while it’s hot.” 
Liang Liang didn’t resist. He opened the thermal lunch box and started eating. 
Soon, after he finished the food, Bai Anan immediately put it away like a good wife and mother. Then she sat next to him and stared at Qiao Yiyi in the video. 
“1s she the murderer?” 
Bai Anan asked. 
Liang Liang immediately shook his head. “No.” 
Bai Anan’s pupils shrank. ‘You’re so sure
Liang Liang nodded and stood up, ‘You should go back.”
###Chapter 1974 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(4) 
He stared at Bai Anan.”What you need to do now is to recuperate and give birth to the child.” 
Hearing this, Bai Anan wanted to say something but stopped herself. In the end, she nodded. 
She quietly cleaned up the tableware on the table and then looked at Liang Liang, asking,””Are you coming home tonight?” 
Liang Liang looked at Qiao Yiyi in the room. He was silent for a while and then said,””I’m working overtime tonight, so I’m not coming back. ” 
Bai Anan’s pupils shrank, but she still nodded. Then, she took the lunch box and walked to the door. 
Looking at her pregnant face and the thermal lunch box in her hand, Liang Liang couldn’t bear to see her like this. 
He was silent for a moment, and when she reached the door, he suddenly said,””I’ll send you back. ” 
Overjoyed, Bai Anan turned around and nodded. 
Liang Liang felt very uncomfortable seeing her like this. 
Bai Anan, Who used to have her eyes on the top of her head, was able to do whatever she wanted in the police station. 
But now, she was so excited and satisfied because he was sending her home
Liang Liang’s heart had already turned cold. He felt a little guilty because of this action. 
He picked up his car keys and walked in front. 
He had only taken two steps when he suddenly realized that the woman behind him was pregnant. He turned back to look at her and saw that she was struggling to follow him, so he deliberately slowed down. Bai Anan followed behind him and held his hand in excitement. Liang Liang wanted to Dodge. 
However, after hesitating for a moment, he still didn’t Dodge. “Sister-in-law, you’re here to see brother Liang!” 
“Aiyoyo, this is a young couple returning home together!” 
Bai Anan couldn’t help but laugh at her colleagues ‘teasing. Her former arrogance had returned. She raised her head and chin. “Kid, are you asking for a beating?” I’ll deal with you after I give birth!” 
Seeing Bai Anan like this, Liang Liang didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt safe and secure. 
Perhaps, Bai Anan had really changed for the better. After all, a woman could not pretend for five years, could she
He sent Bai Anan home, opened the door, and watched her enter the living room. She stood there and did not go in. 
Bai Anan turned around. “You’re not coming in
Liang Liang hesitated for a while. Thinking of Qiao Yiyi in the police station, he already said that I still have things to do at the police station. Rest well, I’ll be leaving first.” 
Then, he turned around and left. 
Bai Anan watched him leave. 
Bai Anan watched him leave. 
After he left, Bai Anan’s eyes flashed with hatred. 
She was already so good to him, but this man was still thinking about that woman! 
She used to be stupid, but Liang Liang married her for wuhen. The police station gave wuhen a green light, so how could she not know who wuhen was
She had thought that Qiao Yiyi would never come back after she left. 
However, he did not expect her to return! 
And as long as she came back, this man would give her the cold shoulder. 
She still had his child in her stomach! 
Bai Anan clenched her fists and narrowed her eyes after a moment. She picked up her cell phone and called director Bai.”Dad, there’s something I need to tell you …” 
‘Wuhen is back. He’s being detained at the police station for a murder case. Dad, I don’t want to let her go again..”
###Chapter 1975 – : Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(5) 
Lu nanze returned home in a bad mood. 
After entering the villa, he instructed the Butler,”tomorrow, you must hire the best team of lawyers. Also, bail Qiao Yiyi out first!” What’s the point of staying in the police station?” 
The Butler nodded.”Yes, it’s too late today, so we can’t complete all the procedures. We can only wait until tomorrow. Sorry for the night.” 
Lu nanze took a deep breath and replied,”yes.” 
Then, he looked upstairs.”Is Kaka asleep?” 
The Butler immediately nodded.”He’s probably asleep.” 
Lu nanze removed his jacket and headed upstairs. 
He entered Kaka’s room and pushed the door open. He saw that Kaka was sleeping very soundly with his little mouth slightly open. He didn’t know what had happened to his mother. 
Lu nanze couldn’t help but laugh. He walked over and covered him with the blanket. 
After thinking for a while, he was worried about Kaka sleeping alone, so he picked Kaka up. 
However, Kaka woke up immediately when he carried it. 
When she saw Lu nanze, she immediately became nervous. “Dad, what are you doing here?” eα. ?m
“Mommy can’t come and take you home today Lu nanze said. “So daddy will sleep with you, okay?” 
Kaka immediately shook his head.”l don’t need anyone to accompany me. I can sleep by myself.” 
How could she let her father sleep with her? if her father did, wouldn’t her identity as a girl be exposed
Hearing this, Lu nanze frowned. After some thought, he nodded and said, “boys need to be brave. Go to sleep by yourself.” 
Then, he touched Kaka’s head and saw that Kaka had fallen asleep. Then, he stood up and went back to his bedroom. 
The Butler followed behind him.”l didn’t expect that something like this would happen to miss Qiao. How did she get involved in a murder case the moment she came back? how unlucky!” Sigh, if I knew that miss Qiao ran away from the club on her own, I wouldn’t have called her and told her to go back. I just don’t know when the club’s surveillance system will be fixed. After it’s fixed, can we see the surveillance footage from the past half an hour? can it prove miss Qiao’s innocence. 
Although the Butler had not gone with Lu nanze, he knew everything that had happened. 
Lu nanze frowned at the Butler’s words. 
He sat on the chair, quietly thinking about something. 
After a while, the Butler miss Qiao was probably scared out of her wits. Her phone was turned off the whole time. It took me a long time to get through to her. When she received my call, she was very surprised and immediately turned her phone around . 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze looked up at the Butler, as if he had just thought of something.”When did you call her?” 
The housekeeper was stunned. She lowered her head and picked up her phone. After taking a look, she said,”” 9: 35.” 
9 357
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank and he shot to his feet. He was a little agitated as he asked,”Are you sure
The Butler continued to nod. “Yes, I’m sure. I have a call record here!” Miss Qiao left the club at 20 PM. If we have the surveillance system to prove her departure, then we can prove miss Qiao’s innocence. She didn’t have the time to commit the crime!” 
However, Lu nanze did not seem to hear the Butler’s long-winded chatter. He seemed to have realized something and was in a daze..
###Chapter 1976 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(6) 
Qiao Yiyi stayed in the detention center for the entire night. 
In fact, the environment in the room was not bad, so she could sleep well. 
Early the next morning, someone sent her breakfast. It was steaming soy milk and deep-fried dough sticks. At a glance, she could tell that it was not the food of the police station. Someone must have bought it for her. 
Qiao Yiyi knew that Liang Liang must have bought it, so she ate it. 
The police station officially opened at eighto’ clock. 
– 
At eighto’ clock sharp, a group of lawyers suddenly rushed into the police station. 
There were more than a dozen of them, and they could be considered a team of lawyers! 
The police station had never seen so many people rush in at the same time in so many years, so they were all stunned. 
After Liang Liang got the news, he hurried out. He narrowed his eyes when he saw the group of lawyers. 
These people were the best private lavvyers in Suzhou. Lu nanze had put in a lot of effort for Qiao Yiyi. 
As he was thinking, he heard one of them say,””Officer Liang, we’re here today to bail miss Qiao out. I wonder if it’s possible to go through the normal bail procedures
Liang Liang looked at this group of people and before he could speak, someone behind him said,””Brother Liang, the suspect is the biggest suspect now. It’s not easy to bail him out, right?” 
As soon as he said this, the lawyer in front of him immediately laughed. “This sentence is a little ridiculous. Miss Qiao is currently a murder suspect. As long as she’s a suspect, she’s not a murderer. So why can’t she be bailed out? We have so many lawyers who can bail miss Qiao out and guarantee that she won’t leave Suzhou. Moreover, she will be summoned to the police station at any time. Why can’t she be bailed out?” 
At this point, he lowered his head and took out a certificate. “In addition, our miss Qiao has a four-year-old child who needs her to raise. She has the right to be bailed out before she is convicted. ” 
Upon hearing the words “four-year-old child,” Liang Liang raised his head in shock! 
How could he have forgotten that Lu nanze had a son and Qiao Yiyi was the child’s mother
So, wuhen had actually given birth to Lu nanze’s child
Thinking of this, Liang Liang lowered his eyes. 
The people behind him wanted to say something, but Liang Liang stopped them immediately and said,””Help him with the procedures.” “This, brother Liang …” 
“1f I tell you to do it, then do it, what are you talking about!” 
“…Yes.” 
The lawyers followed the police to go through the procedures. 
On the other side, Liang Liang walked to the room where Qiao Yiyi was detained. 
The door opened and he walked in. 
Qiao Yiyi raised her eyebrows when she saw him. 
Liang Liang sat in front of Qiao Yiyi and explained to her,””Lu nanze has found a team of lavvyers to bail you out.” 
Qiao Yiyi laughed when she heard this.”He’s always been so dramatic.” 
“He doesn’t exaggerate so much about himself,” Liang Liang said sourly. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Liang Liang stood up and stared at Qiao Yiyi. “I’ll ask you one last question.” 
Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow. “Go ahead.” 
“Did you kill him?” Liang Liang asked. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
Liang Liang lowered his eyes.”A few years ago, I misunderstood you without giving you a chance to explain. Now, I believe you.” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes, then smiled. “I ” 
Before he could finish, a police officer suddenly rushed in from the door. “Brother Liang, you can’t let her go! We’ve just found the latest evidence! 
She’s the murderer!” 
[Author’s note: I’m done updating, see you tomorrow–l’ve caught a cold. It’s really torturous to catch a cold on such a hot day. I’m sweating all over, and I can’t even turn on the air conditioner. Seriously Everyone, you have to take care of your health!!]
###Chapter 1977 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(7) 
Liang Liang’s pupils shrank as he stared at the police officer.”What did you say?” 
The police officer immediately took out a videotape.”This is a video of a child in the club. She didn’t sleep at night and recorded it. She was at the scene. The time of the video … Was 9:29! This meant that she was wrong to say that she left the room at 9:20 am! Because from the entrance of the club, even if he walked slowly, he should have reached the door in five minutes! But at 9:29, she was still there, which means she’s the murderer!” 
Liang Liang frowned and looked back at Qiao Yiyi with suspicion and doubt. He took his cell phone, walked to the side, and opened the video. It showed that it was indeed 9:29 am, and Qiao Yiyi was walking to the gate. rа. Co
Liang Liang narrowed his eyes and looked back at Qiao Yiyi.”What do you think?” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the video and smiled bitterly. 
She looked at Liang Liang and said after a while,””What can I say?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. 
“Just like a few years ago, if I said that I didn’t kill a ‘mu or steal anything, would you believe me?” Qiao Yiyi continued. 
Would you believe it
Liang Liang fell silent. 
There were witnesses and evidence at the time, so how could he believe it
As soon as he thought of this, he was shocked. 
He lowered his head and looked at the videotape in his hand. Yes, just like now, there were witnesses and physical evidence, so she had nothing to say. 
Liang Liang looked up at Qiao Yiyi again. 
Even though he still had many questions, he chose to believe Qiao Yiyi at this moment. 
“You He slowly said. 
Before he could finish, he heard someone shout from the door,””Director, why are you here?” 
As soon as he said this, director Bai walked in. Liang Liang turned around and was slightly surprised to see director Bai. After a while, he called 
Director Bai nodded and continued, “”The media is already paying attention to this case. Some of them just contacted me and said that they wanted to interview you. This matter must be handled fairly and you can’t bend the law for your own benefit. Do you understand?” 
Liang Liang immediately straightened his body and nodded. “Yes!” 
Director Bai sighed and patted Liang Liangs shoulder.”By the way, tell Mr. Lu that even if miss Qiao is innocent, it’s fine to keep her in the prison. We’ll keep her safe.” If he had to be bailed out It would be too embarrassing! If the media finds out and reports about it, what will become of our police station?” 
Liang Liang continued to nod. “Yes.” 
Director Bai glanced at Qiao Yiyi and nodded at her. Then, he turned around and left. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at director Bails back and narrowed her eyes. 
Back then, it was director Bai who had framed her, causing her mother to be seriously injured . 
She even tried to pin the blame on her and forced Liang Liang to marry Bai Anan. 
Of course, she would not find him pleasing to the eye. 
After director Bai left, Liang Liang was in a difficult position. He looked at Qiao Yiyi but didn’t say anything. Qiao Yiyi said, “you don’t have to be in a difficult position. Just do what you have to do. I believe that the innocent know themselves well.’ 
Liang Liang heaved a sigh of relief. “Don’t worry. You won’t be wronged here.” 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but sneer.”But the media really came at the right time.. 
The team of lawyers just arrived and they’re already here?”
###Chapter 1978 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(8) 
Liang Liang’s pupils shrank. He looked at Qiao Yiyi.”What are you trying to say?” 
Qiao Yiyi pouted.”I just think it’s a coincidence.” 
Liang Liang didn’t say anything and just walked out. 
In fact, even if Qiao Yiyi didn’t say this, he would have known what was going on. 
He walked out of the room and went to a corner. Then, he picked up his phone and called Bai Anan angrily. 
As soon as the call went through, Bai Anan picked it up.”Hubby, what’s wrong?” she asked in a gentle voice. 
Liang Liang lowered his voice and said,””What are you trying to do?” 
Bai Anan was stunned.”What’s wrong?” 
Liang Liang sneered,”you’re still pretending? Don’t think I don’t know what’s going on with the media! Bai Anan, I thought you had changed over the years, but I should have known that dogs can’t change their habits. How could you have changed your nature? But I don’t understand. Qiao Yiyi has nothing to do with us. Why are you targeting her?” 
Bai Anan, who was sitting opposite him, suddenly fell silent. 
Liang Liang waited for a long time before she heard someone sobbing. After a while, Bai Anan said,””What are you talking about? I have no idea. Brother Liang, you know better than anyone else how I’ve treated you all these years . . 
She’s Qiao Yiyi. How does her behavior affect me? Do I need to find her?” 
After she finished speaking, she started to cry in a low voice.”l didn’t expect that you would still doubt me even now 
Then, he hung up the phone. 
Liang Liang was slightly stunned when she heard Bai Anan’s sincere sadness over the phone. 
He lowered his head and looked at his phone. 
Could it be It really wasn’t her
But who else could it be if not her
While he was thinking, he heard someone say, “”D * MN, the team of lawyers has come to the police station! When the lawyers arrived at the police station, the paparazzi were already spreading the news. Those reporters really have sharp noses, they immediately rushed over!” 
Liang Liang was stunned.”Xiao Li sent it?” 
The other policeman greeted Liang Liang first and then said, ‘”‘That’s right. Li took a picture and posted it on his moments. I didn’t expect it to be reposted immediately. Look, there are more than 10000 views now. No wonder director Bails phone is exploding with calls from the media!” Liang Liang’s face changed when he heard this. 
If that was the case, did he really wrong Bai Anan
As he thought of this, he frowned and lowered his eyes. 
Then, she took a deep breath, picked up her car keys, and walked out. 
He had to go home and check on Bai Anan. 
After all, she had been wronged, and she was pregnant She didn’t seem to be in a good mood on the phone. 
Thinking of this, Liang Liang picked up his cell phone and was about to call Bai Anan again when his cell phone rang. 
It was a call from home. 
Liang Liang immediately answered the call and heard the nanny shouting,””Mr. Liang, please come back quickly! Madam was very uncomfortable! Her stomach is in pain, she needs to go to the hospital!” 
Liang Liang was startled and hurriedly? said,”I’ll? be right back!” 
Then, she took her phone and ran straight to the parking lot. 
Seeing Liang Liang leave, a man in the police station put down the newspaper in his hand and looked up with a fierce look in his eyes..
###Chapter 1979 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(9) 
Liang Liang wasn’t in the police station. Although the lawyers had racked their brains, they had new evidence. The police had every reason to keep Qiao Yiyi in custody for 24 hours. 
Since they were insistent on not letting her go, the team of lawyers had no choice but to call Lu nanze. 
When Lu nanze heard the news, he instructed the Butler,””Get a few people to the police station and protect her.” 
The Butler nodded after hearing this. 
At home, Kaka was anxious.”When will mommy come back?” 
“Soon,” Lu nanze consoled him.”Don’t worry.” 
“But I miss my mother!” Little Kaka’s eyes immediately turned red, and tears rolled down his face. He looked like he was about to cry, but he didn ‘T. He looked very aggrieved. 
Seeing her like this, Lu nanze frowned and said,”a man should shed blood instead of tears! What are you crying for? Will your mother come back if you cry?” 
Kaka was so scared that he immediately stopped crying. 
She sobbed and looked very pitiful. 
Lu nanze reached out and stroked her head.”Boys should be brave. I don’t like children who cry at the drop of a hat. I believe your mother doesn’t like them either.” If you want your mother to come back, you have to be brave!” Kaka had no choice but to nod, feeling wronged.”Yes, I understand, dad.” Seeing Kaka’s reaction, Lu nanze nodded. 
In the future, when he found out that Kaka was a daughter, he thought of today’s strictness and his heart was full of regret. 
However, Lu nanze was still immersed in the world of Kaka being a boy and his mind was all on Qiao Yiyi. So, even though he had been living with Kaka for two days, he had not discovered his identity. 
And Kaka was very smart. He always went to the toilet alone and didn’t let anyone wait on Him. So, until now, no one had found out Kaka’s true identity. 
At the police station. 
Qiao Yiyi was locked up in a room. 
She sat there quietly, but her ears were perked up, listening to everything around her. 
That video was obviously fake, so it must be Bai Anan who wanted to harm her. Bai Anan had always been vicious in her ways of harming people. She would not simply make up a fake video. After all, when the club’s surveillance system was repaired and she got the real video, she would be able to prove her innocence. All she needed to do now was to wait. 
Just as he was thinking, he suddenly heard footsteps outside. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately became alert. She walked to the door and looked outside. 
He saw the person in the next room being taken away by a police officer. He seemed to be in an interrogation room. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t think much of it, but after a while, the person in the room next door was taken away again. 
Until When the fourth person was taken away, she finally realized that something was wrong. 
This was a detention room, and there were not many people left. Now that four people had been taken away, she was the only one left
She was the only one left! 
Qiao Yiyi immediately became alert. She grabbed the iron gate with both hands and looked outside. 
She pricked up her ears. After a while, she heard a hissing sound. This sound seemed to be Fire! 
Just as this thought emerged, he saw a cluster of flames in the distance. Immediately, the entire detention room was on fire! 
The fire spread very quickly. Qiao Yiyi realized that it had only taken a few seconds for the fire to reach the metal door..i. 
###Chapter 1980 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(10) 
Qiao Yiyi opened the door and took two steps back! Then, she saw the flames in the distance spreading over! 
At the same time, the police were shouting from outside.”Someone, there’s a fire!” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at the metal door in shock. 
This detention cell was impregnable, and the surrounding buildings were very strong. It was very difficult to escape. 
The iron door was burning hot, and she couldn’t hold it with her hands. 
So now … This had actually become a dead end! 
A dead end that simply couldn’t be escaped! 
– 
Liang Liang, who had rushed home, picked up Bai Anan, and sent her to the hospital, had no idea about the fire in the police station. 
The doctor was explaining to Bai Anan about the baby’s condition. “She looks fine, but her stomach hurts. It might be because of her mood. You have to know that you’re about to give birth, and your mood is very important. Also, a pregnant woman can’t be agitated now, or it’ll be easy for her to go into premature labor. Do you understand?” 
Liang Liang immediately nodded.”l know.” 
Then, he helped Bai Anan out of the doctor’s office. 
Bai Anan lowered her head and didn’t say a word. She looked like she had been wronged. 
Liang Liang looked at her, feeling guilty. He held Bai Anan’s arm and said,””Anan, I’m sorry. I’ve wronged you today,” 
Bai Anan’s eyes turned red and tears rolled down her face. 
She still did not say anything. She just lowered her head and wiped her tears with her sleeves. She looked so pitiful. 
Liang Liang felt even more guilty. He helped her to the chair at the side and said,””After I found out about the media incident, I felt that it couldn’t be such a coincidence. You 
“So you’re suspecting me? If anything happened, the first person you suspected was me! Liang Liang, I admit that I used a lot of mean methods to force wuhen away, but we’ve been married for five years. Haven’t you seen what kind of person I am? I just want to stay by your side and spend the rest of my life with you! Give birth to our child. I know I’ve made mistakes in the past, but can’t I make up for those mistakes?” 
Bai Anan started crying. Liang Liang didn’t know what to do. 
He patted her back clumsily, not knowing what to say for a moment. 
He took a deep breath. 
In fact, deep in his heart, he really did not trust Bai Anan. 
However, perhaps she was not to be blamed for what happened today
Just as he was thinking about this, he suddenly heard someone exclaim beside him. 
Liang Liang was stunned and looked to the side. 
Then, someone said, “D * MN, the police station is on fire?!” Wasn’t the fire department right next to the police station? How can it still be on fire?” 
His words made Liang Liangs pupils shrink. He grabbed the phone in shock and saw that someone had already posted the fire in the police station on Weibo! 
And the direction of the fire in the police station Was Qiao Yiyi’s holding cell! 
When Liang Liang saw this, he turned around and looked at Bai Anan in anger and shock! 
If he still didn’t realize that he had fallen into a trap, then he would be extremely stupid! 
“Bai, an, an!” He clenched his teeth as he said those three words. Then, he stared at her and continued,””lf anything happens to her, I won’t let you off!!” 
[PS: Liang Liang, you finally see Bai Anan’s true face.. See you tomorrow!]
###Chapter 1981 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(11) 
Bai Anan’s face turned pale when she heard that. 
She stared at Liang Liang in shock and saw a determined look in his eyes. Then he turned around and walked out. 
Bai Anan narrowed her eyes and stared at his back. After a while, she clenched her fists tightly. 
It’s not over … So what
In any case, traceless was dead! 
In the future, there would not be another woman in this world that he could not forget for so many years. 
And between her and Liang Liang … She had used five years to warm him up. She could use the next five years, or even ten years, to let him know her love for him. 
What could he do to her now that they had a child
At this thought, Bai Anan lowered her eyes, put her hands on her lower abdomen, and smiled. 
This child … Had really come at the right time. 
She also did not expect that she would get pregnant after only one time. 
But this child had become the final key between her and Liang Liang. 
– 
Liang Liang started the car and drove to the police station quickly. 
He ran several red lights on the way. 
Such a huge fire in the police station was definitely not normal behavior. The person who could have planned such a fire was definitely director Bai! 
That was why Liang Liang was sure that Bai Anan was the one who wanted to kill wuhen. 
And now He was burning with anxiety. 
If something really happened to wuhen, he would never be able to forgive himself! 
It was because of his suspicion that wuhen was detained, which led to today’s tragedy. 
Once again, he did not believe her 
No… 
If possible, he would have let Qiao Yiyi go with the group of lawyers this morning. It was all because of the sudden evidence 
If Wu Hen was not the murderer, then the evidence was fake! 
That video must have been edited by someone else! 
Hence, everything was planned and linked. 
His goal was to kill wuhen, and he had become an accomplice. 
These thoughts made Liang Liane’s heart ache. He drove the car at the highest speed and soon arrived at the police station. 
The people in the police station had already been evacuated. 
The normal fire had already reached its end. 
However, the temperature inside was so hot that no one dared to get close. 
There were already firefighters putting out the fire nearby, and a group of people was cleaning up the traces left behind by the fire. 
The detention center was separated from the other departments of the police station and was not in the same building, so there were not many casualties. 
Liang Liang stood there, staring at the fire that hadn’t been put out. He couldn’t even get close, but he could already feel the heat waves. 
He didn’t even think and rushed in.”Qiao Yiyi! Traceless! Qiao Yiyi …” 
His arm was immediately grabbed by someone. He turned around and saw his colleague calling out to him,””Brother Liang, are you crazy? The temperature inside was too high now, and going in would only result in death! YVhat are you doing
“Dead?” Liang Liang smiled bitterly. 
IfWu Hen died, so what if he died with her
At the thought of this, he pushed his colleague’s arm away and continued to rush in. 
Just as he was about to rush in, an arm suddenly stretched out and grabbed him. 
Liang Liangwas about to go crazy.”Don’t stop me, you . 
Before he could finish, he turned his head and was dumbfounded when he saw Qiao Yiyi. He stared at Qiao Yiyi in shock. “You, it’s you .
###Chapter 1982 – : Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(12) 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Liang Liang with a complicated expression. 
When she saw Liang Liang was about to shout for her, she actually felt a sense of sadness. 
She had nothing to do with Liang Liang. 
But he still cared so much about her … Perhaps it wasn’t because he cared, but because he felt guilty. 
Qiao Yiyi smiled and shook her head. She reached out her hand. 
Her hands were wrapped in bandages, but it was obvious that they had been treated. 
She looked at Liang Liang and said,”don’t forget what I do for a living.” 
That’s right, don’t forget who she was. 
She was Wu Hen, a godly thief. 
Picking the lock was a piece of cake for her! 
Even if the fire rushed over and the entire cell was like an iron wall, she could still run out from the door. 
It was just that the big iron door was burning hot, and his hand was injured when he unlocked it. 
The people outside wanted to kill her. 
However, she ran out on her own and did not escape. Instead, she walked out of the fire with her hands raised. Who would dare to kill her in front of everyone
Qiao Yiyi had survived. 
It sounded simple, but in reality, his life was hanging by a thread! 
Liang Liang was shocked to see Qiao Yiyi. He stared at Qiao Yiyi for a while, then suddenly took a step back and grabbed her hand. 
He used a lot of strength, as if he was afraid that she would disappear. 
He actually wanted to hug her more, but he knew that this hug was not something he could give. 
He had no status and no right to hug Qiao Yiyi. 
The two of them didn’t speak for a while. After a while, director Bai came over. When he saw Qiao Yiyi, he smiled and said, “You’re really lucky, but we’re really sorry for the fire in the police station. It’s good that you’re fine now …” When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she narrowed her eyes and smiled.”Chief, you make it sound so easy. The reason why I cooperated with your investigation and was detained without concrete evidence was because it was my duty, but now I feel that it’s not safe to stay in the police station. I want to leave.” 
Director Bai narrowed his eyes.”That won’t do. You’re a murder suspect now. You can’t just leave.” 
“You also know that I’m a suspect, not a criminal. Even if I’m a criminal, I have the right to protect my own safety. As long as the law doesn’t sentence me to death, you have to protect my safety! But now? I was fine outside, but I almost died in the police station! And my hands!” 
Qiao Yiyi raised both her hands in the air. “Shouldn’t you take me to the hospital for a check-up when I’m so badly injured?” 
She had intended to cooperate with their investigation. 
But now, Qiao Yiyi realized that perhaps it was because she had been too cooperative that director Bai and Bai Anan had bullied her to this extent. 
This was simolv too much! 
If she didn’t take this opportunity to cause a scene, her surname wouldn’t be Qiao! 
Qiao Yiyi was making a scene, but every word she said made sense. Chief Bai’s face turned green and white. 
He narrowed his eyes and stared at Qiao Yiyi. After a while, he sneered and said, ‘We have the latest evidence to prove that you’ve killed someone. So, we can’t let you go unless you can prove your innocence..”
###Chapter 1983 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(13) 
As soon as she said this, she suddenly heard a strong voice coming from the door.”I’ve never heard that evidence is needed to convict someone. I didn’t know that. If I want to prove my innocence, I actually need evidence?” 
Hearing the familiar voice, Qiao Yiyi turned her head immediately. She saw Lu nanze leading his team of lawyers over to them. 
He walked in front with his back straight. 
When he saw Qiao Yiyi, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
He stared at director Bai and said in a domineering tone,””I’m seriously suspecting that the police station is trying to force a confession out of you. Otherwise, why would there be such a big fire? So I’m here to bail her out again. ” 
Hearing this, director Bai narrowed his eyes.”Mr. Lu, what if I say no?” 
Lu nanze laughed and said,”then we’ll have to let the media be the judge. Director Bai, you’re not the only one who knows how to use public opinion to oppress others!” 
Director Bai’s pupils shrank at the words. 
It was a mistake! 
He only wanted to give wuhen a clean break and stop wasting time. 
But who would have thought that someone could actually survive such a fire
But now, she had given Lu nanze something to use against her. 
If the matter was reported, it would be the police station’s fault! 
However, for the sake of his reputation, director Bai still said forcefully,””However, we have the latest evidence to prove that she is indeed still in the hospital with a score of 29. So, she can’t be bailed out. ‘ 
“1f you can’t even guarantee your own safety in the police station, why don’t you let me bail you out?” 
“As long as she’s a suspect, we have the right to detain her!” 
Neither of them took a step back. As they were confronting each other, they suddenly heard another voice coming from outside. “I can prove that she is innocent!” 
The moment he said this, everyone turned their heads and saw Chen Yansheng walking over slowly. 
He looked at the group of people and sighed. ‘That day, after Qiao Yiyi left the room, she was with me. I can prove that she was no longer in the club after 20 minutes!” 
When Chen Yansheng said this, both sides had their own thoughts. 
Liang Liang narrowed his eyes. He didn’t know why, but he looked at Lu nanze. 
As expected, Lu nanze narrowed his eyes and looked sharply at Chen Yansheng. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw Chen Yansheng, she felt helpless and anxious. She sighed and stared at Chen Yansheng. She wanted to say something but Chen Yansheng shook his head at her. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t want Chen Yansheng to be involved in this matter, but now 
As she was thinking, she heard Lu nanze say,””We’re certified now, I wonder if director Bai can release her?” 
Director Bai narrowed his eyes. “But the video . 
Lu nanze interrupted director Bai and said,””The video is evidence, but we have witnesses. Now I suspect that the video you have is fake! I request to bring the recording to the relevant department for inspection!” 
Director Bai furrowed his brows.”Mr. Lu, aren’t you being a little nosy? Logically speaking, the current miss Qiao has nothing to do with you. Is it worth it for you to hire a lawyer for her?” 
Lu nanze laughed when he heard this.. He suddenly looked up at director Bai and worth it to hire a lawyer for your wife?”
###Chapter 1984 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(14) 
Everyone was shocked by his words. 
Director Bai looked at Lu nanze in confusion.”Didn’t you …” 
“Divorce? Director Bai must be joking. Didn’t you go and take a look? Legally, we’re still husband and wife. ” 
After he said this, he looked at Qiao Yiyi.”Although you signed the divorce agreement back then, we still hadn’t completed the divorce procedures. So, you are still my wife.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
As the person involved, she thought that she was single! 
However, she didn’t expect that a divorce would be so troublesome. 
While they were arguing, Liang Liang suddenly said,””I’ll handle the bail procedures for you. ” 
As soon as he said that, director Bai turned around and looked at him angrily.”Liang Liang!” 
Liang Liang looked up and sneered,”l think Lu nanze is right about one thing. The suspect is the most unsafe in our police station. In that case , why not let her stay outside?” Moreover, the physical evidence had already been suspected because of the presence of a witness. Before the video was proven to be real, could it be used as evidence to frame the suspect? If that’s the case, why can’t you apply for bail?” 
Director Bai was speechless. 
In the end, Qiao Yiyi was still bailed out. 
The fire that was supposed to take Qiao Yiyi’s life had become the reason why she could be bailed out. 
After leaving the police station, Qiao Yiyi stood outside the door. 
Lu nanze stared at her and said,”Yiyi, Kaka misses you very much at home.” 
He walked to his car and opened the door for her. 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows and looked at Chen Yansheng. 
Chen Yansheng laughed helplessly.”Then you can go and do your work today. If we have anything to say, we can talk another day. ” 
After saying this, he turned around and left. 
But before she could leave, she heard Qiao Yiyi say, “Wait a moment.” 
She looked at Lu nanze and said,” I’ll go pick up Kaka later.” 
Then, without turning back, she followed Chen Yansheng and got into his car. 
Chen Yansheng looked at Lu nanze helplessly, then got into the car and drove away from the police station. 
Lu nanze stood there, staring at Chen Yansheng’s car. 
There was an inexplicable emotion in his eyes. 
It turned out that Qiao Yiyi would rather go with Chen Yansheng than him. ?nr?d. 
So, was she really in a relationship with Chen Yansheng
On the other side, Chen Yansheng was driving and Qiao Yiyi was with him. Qiao Yiyi only looked at him after they could no longer see the police station behind them.”l told you not to get involved. Why did you still come
When Chen Yansheng heard this, he sighed. “I heard that you almost got into trouble. If I didn’t come over, would I still be your friend?” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Chen Yansheng.”But you weren’t even in the club that night. Where are you
Chen Yansheng felt a slight headache.”l’m eating alone in the restaurant.” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head. “I’m done for. I hope no one can prove that you weren’t in the club during that period of time. Otherwise Your lie would be exposed too easily!” 
Chen Yansheng was also very helpless. 
However, under those circumstances, he had no other choice. 
If Qiao Yiyi continued to stay in the police station, she would definitely be plotted against. She had to be bailed out! 
Moreover, since director Bai had taken action, Qiao Yiyi could never fall into the police’s hands again! 
[PS: I’m done updating. Today’s update is a little messy. It’s really a certain young master’s period and cold He’s not in a good state.] Well, see you tomorrow..
###Chapter 1985 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(15) 
Since director Bai had sacrificed so much and was discovered by Liang Liang, he would definitely not let Wu Hen go. 
Everyone knew that as long as Qiao Yiyi was still in the police station, she would not live to see the sun tomorrow. 
Therefore, everyone was trying their best today to bail her out! 
At that moment, Qiao Yiyi knew that she had to thank Chen Yansheng. 
This was because he had unknowingly gotten involved in his own affairs. 
She stared ahead and sighed after a moment. Finally, she said,””Actually, you don’t have to do this. Lu nanze will definitely find a way to take me away today. And you should also know that even if I can’t leave … I will leave by myself. ” 
However, at that time, he would become a fugitive. 
She was afraid that she would have to leave Suzhou with Kaka and leave the country. 
As soon as she finished speaking, Chen Yansheng spoke again,”but, can you leave now?” 
Can you walk
Qiao Yiyi fell silent again. 
Yes, she couldn’t leave. 
She hadn’t finished what she had to do when she returned to the country this time. 
Even if she couldn’t come out openly, she would probably have to hide her name and go back to her previous life of being wanted by the police. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Chen Yansheng immediately laughed.”Alright, since things have come to this, you should go back and rest. YVhere should I take you?” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at the time. “Let’s go to the Lu family villa.” Kaka is there, she hasn’t seen me for two days, she must be scared. ” 
Chen Yansheng nodded. He looked at Qiao Yiyi and hesitated. 
“1f you have something to say, just say it. YVhat’s with the hesitance
Chen Yansheng laughed. “You and Lu nanze …” 
Qiao Yiyi also frowned. “I really didn’t expect that the two of us hadn’t filed for a divorce yet. I thought I was single!” She said. Since I’m free these few days, I’ll go to the Civil Affairs Bureau with him to get the divorce certificate. ” 
Chen Yansheng was silent for a moment, but he still spoke,””Lu nanze has been very good to you.” 
“But that’s not what I want.” Qiao Yiyi interrupted Chen Yansheng’s words.”The love I want is one that’s devoted to me, without any other things. However, he could never give me these. There’s always another woman in his heart, and that woman will always be above me. ‘ 
When Chen Yansheng heard this, he stopped talking. 
After Qiao Yiyi said this, she smiled bitterly. “Besides, what right do I have to talk about love now
Chen Yansheng didn’t dare to speak anymore. 
He drove Qiao Yiyi to the Lu family villa. 
When Qiao Yiyi got out of the car, she said to Chen Yansheng,””Wait for me here, I’ll go pick up Kaka and leave.” 
Chen Yansheng nodded. ?. ｍ
Qiao Yiyi entered the villa. 
The Lu family villa’s butler had long known that she would come over, so after she arrived, he immediately took the opportunity to bring her to a bedroom on the second floor. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded to the Butler and said, “Has Kaka been a good girl in the Lu family these two days? Did you make a scene?” 
As he said this, he pushed open the door and walked in. 
However, she didn’t expect the door to be closed from the outside the moment she entered. 
Qiao Yiyi jumped in shock.. She looked up and saw that the person sitting on the sofa in the room was not Kaka, but Lu nanze!
###Chapter 1986 – : Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(16) 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
She had thought that if she had told the Butler that she was here to take Kaka home, he would have led her directly to Kaka’s room. She had not expected that he would actually bring her to Lu nanze’s study. 
She was also the one who had followed the Butler upstairs and had not noticed. But was there something Lu nanze wanted to talk to her about
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze and said,””Where’s Kaka?” 
Lu nanze rose to his feet and slowly turned around to look at her. 
She didn’t know why, but at that moment, Lu nanze looked very unfamiliar. The look in his eyes made Qiao Yiyi feel very uncomfortable. 
It was as if his eyes had x-ray vision, trying to see through her clothes and see through her body. 
She didn’t like this feeling, so she simply frowned, turned around, and walked out.”I’m here to pick up Kaka.” 
However, before she could reach the door, she heard the sound of footsteps behind her getting closer and closer. Then, her arm was grabbed. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She turned around and saw that Lu nanze had already closed in on her. He grabbed her arm tightly and pressed her against the wall. His strong chest pressed against her, trapping her between him and the wall. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
His breathing was right in front of her. 
He was full of male hormones, and she felt her face heat up. 
She tried her best to stay clear-headed and calm. Staring at Lu nanze, she slowly said,””What are you doing
Even five years ago, the two of them didn’t have many chances to be so intimate. The only time they were so presumptuous was the night they took the medicine 
However, after taking the medicine that night, although he remembered the process very clearly, he had already forgotten that feeling. 
At this moment, Qiao Yiyi’s heart couldn’t help but race at such a close distance. Although she looked calm on the surface, she couldn’t hold it in any longer. 
What was he doing
Could it be that . 
Before these thoughts could come to her mind, she heard Lu nanze say, “‘Wuhen, I’m worthy of your trust.” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes when she heard this. 
She stared at Lu nanze and hesitated for a moment before saying,””What do you mean by that?” 
‘What I mean is that I trust you. No matter what you say, I will believe you. But wuhen, are you willing to trust me? Is there anything you need my help with?” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she was silent for a moment. Then, she explained, “I didn’t expect Chen Yansheng’s matter either. I didn’t expect him to suddenly jump out to testify for me. I didn’t discuss this with you . 
Before she could finish, Lu nanze suddenly grabbed her shoulder. 
Immediately, Lu nanze said,””l’m not talking about this. ” 
Qiao Yiyi froze and looked at him in confusion. 
Lu nanze stared at Qiao Yiyi. Seeing her like this, he wanted to say something, but suddenly, they heard a honk from outside.  o
Lu nanze was stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi hurriedly explained,”Chen Yansheng is waiting for me. I’m leaving after I pick up Kaka.” 
Lu nanze swallowed the words he was about to say. 
That’s right. Five years ago, he didn’t spend much time with Qiao Yiyi and even wu Hen. 
So, it made sense that Qiao Yiyi had forgotten about him and fell in love with Chen Yansheng, right
And what was he doing now
Her current boyfriend was Chen Yansheng.. Wasn’t it normal for her to not trust him?
###Chapter 1987 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(17) 
At the thought of this, Lu nanze slowly released his grip on Qiao Yiyi’s shoulder. He lowered his head dejectedly, took a step back, and let go of her. 
Now, he didn’t have the right to ask her about those things. 
He took a step back, and Qiao Yiyi was free. 
Although she felt that Lu nanze was acting very strange today, she did not think too much about it. She opened the door to the study and walked out. 
When she reached the door, she suddenly thought of something and stopped in her tracks. 
Without turning her head, she said directly,”when do you have time? let’s go to the Civil Affairs Bureau and get the divorce certificate.” In case this matter can’t be handled smoothly. ” 
Lu nanze’s heart skipped a beat when he heard this. 
He wanted to say something, but he didn’t know what to say. 
The thing that she had been afraid of and hiding in her heart was finally brought up by her. 
In fact, they had not filed for a divorce. When she appeared, he did not want to tell her because he was afraid that things would turn out like this. 
If she didn’t know, he could still convince himself that Qiao Yiyi was still his wife. 
However, if she brought it up and he followed her to the Civil Affairs Bureau, then he and Qiao Yiyi would really have nothing to do with each other. 
Just like now, she still said those words. 
Lu nanze frowned. He wanted to say no, but he did not know what right he had to say no. 
He was silent for a while and did not speak. 
Qiao Yiyi strode forward.”Call me when you’re free. I’m probably free. After all, I won’t be going to work tomorrow after this incident.” 
Lu nanze remained silent as he looked at Qiao Yiyi’s back. 
When Qiao Yiyi left Lu nanze’s study , she saw the Butler waiting for her in the living room downstairs with Kaka. 
Upon seeing her, Kaka’s eyes lit up and he immediately rushed over. “Mom! I’ve missed you so much! Why didn’t you come to pick me up yesterday?” 
Qiao Yiyi rubbed her head and smiled. “I’m sorry, my little Kaka. I was so busy yesterday that I forgot. I’ll come earlier today to pick you up so that you can accompany me. ” 
Kaka nodded and then said to the ?Butler, “ Uncel Butler, we’ll be leaving now. 
Goodbye—” 
The Butler’s heart melted when he heard the child-like voice. He immediately nodded. “Okay, okay. Young master, see you tomorrow!” 
Kaka laughed, revealing his little white teeth, very cute. 
Qiao Yiyi led Kaka out of the Lu family villa and into Chen Yansheng’s car. Chen Yansheng drove her to the villa that Lu nanze had given her and her daughter. 
After alighting from the car, Chen Yansheng did not do anything else. ‘You’ve been busy the whole day. You should go back and rest. I’ll take Kaka back to the villa, “Qiao Yiyi said. 
Chen Yansheng nodded his head. 
Qiao Yiyi led Kaka into the villa. 
“Boss,” Chen Yansheng suddenly spoke. 
‘What’s wrong?”Qiao Yiyi raised an eyebrow. 
Chen Yansheng was silent for a moment before he spoke, “”Come to my company to work. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
Chen Yansheng laughed. “1 know what you want to do. Now that I’m involved, it’s hard to explain. Why don’t you come to my company to work?” At most, if something happens in the future, I won’t want my company anymore and you’ll support me!” 
Chen Yanshengs words were said in a very relaxed manner. 
But when Qiao Yiyi heard it, she félt an extra heartwarming feeling..
###Chapter 1988 – : Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(18) 
Chen Yansheng knew what she was going to do when she returned to the country this time. 
However, she had been invited by him the moment she had returned to the country. 
She had rejected him back then. 
But now, he clearly knew what she was going to do next, but he still helped her. 
However, it was just as he had said. 
Qiao Yiyi had rejected him because she didn’t want him to be involved. 
And now, he was already involved. 
Qiao Yiyi had no choice but to reject him again. 
She smiled and said,”sure.” 
He saw Chen Yansheng laughing. 
“How much is the market value of your company?” Qiao Yiyi continued. I’ll give you the money after I’m done with my business. ” 
Chen Yansheng immediately laughed.”We’ll talk about how much it’s worth in the future.” In any case, you’re responsible for raising me. ” 
Then he waved his hand.”The position of director in the company has been reserved for you. You can come to work whenever you want.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. “Then we’ll go after we understand the case.” 
Chen Yansheng nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi laughed and waved at him. “Then I’ll go in with Kaka. You should go home.” 
Chen Yansheng nodded again. 
Chen Yansheng laughed when he saw Qiao Yiyi and Kaka enter the villa. 
His smile was especially warm, like a big boy with sunshine. 
In fact . 
How was he fond of running a company? did he wait f6r her here three years ago because he was sure that she would come back after knowing about her
He had been waiting for her in Suzhou for three years. 
The company had been preparing for her for three years. 
At the thought of this, Chen Yansheng laughed. 
Kaka pushed Qiao Yiyi up the stairs. “Mommy, you’re so tired. Go and sleep first. We can talk about anything else after you wake up.” 
“But I haven’t made dinner yet. How are you going to eat?” 
“Don’t worry, mom, I’ll find a way for dinner! You should go to sleep. ” Qiao Yiyi was really sleepy. 
In fact, she did not dare to fall asleep at the police station yesterday. 
Even though she knew that Liang Liang was there to protect her, she was still worried that Bai Anan and director Bai would play dirty tricks. 
Fortunately, she was on high alert and was able to escape from the fire. 
But after so many things, she was so sleepy that she couldn’t even open her eyes. 
She didn’t care about being pushed upstairs by Kaka. She waved her hand and said,””Sure, there are some biscuits in the refrigerator. You can eat them if you’re hungry. I’m going to sleep for a while.” 
After saying that, he entered the bedroom. Without washing up, he lay on the bed and fell asleep almost in a second. 
When she woke up, she could smell the aroma of food from downstairs. 
He could vaguely hear Kaka talking to someone. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. Who’s here
[PS: I’ve finished updating-see you tomorrow!] Please give me a monthly vote!
###Chapter 1989 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(19) 
No one had lived in this villa before she moved in, and the location was rather desolate, so she really couldn’t think of any guests. 
Qiao Yiyi walked down the stairs when she heard the voice. 
Just as she went downstairs, she heard Kaka shouting,”Wow, this fish looks really good when cooked!” 
Qiao Yiyi walked into the kitchen and saw a tall figure frying fish. 
Even though the man’s back was facing her, she could still recognize him at a glance. It was Lu nanze. 
He was wearing an apron and a white shirt that was rolled up to his arm, revealing his strong forearms. He looked very beautiful. 
As Lu nanze was cooking, he said to Kaka,””Stay away from me. It’s too painful if the oil splatters on you.” 
Kaka obediently took a step back. 
Lu nanze continued,”fry this fish for a while. You see, it’s turning yellow. You have to fish it out. Later, when you braise it, the skin will be charred and crisp. Do you understand?” 
Kaka nodded. 
Lu nanze continued, “I know you’re still young and can’t learn it. But it’s okay. You can learn how to cook slowly. When you live with your mother in the future, remember to cook more for her.” 
Kaka continued to nod.”Okay, dad.” 
Lu nanze scooped the fish out and placed it on a plate. Then, he picked up the pot and was about to pour the oil out. 
She turned around and saw Qiao Yiyi standing at the door. 
Kaka also saw her and immediately shouted excitedly , “mommy!” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. Kaka pointed at Lu nanze and said, “daddy’s so good. He can even cook fish.’ 
…”You think you’re good at cooking fish?” Qiao Yiyi asked. 
‘Yeah, mom, you don’t know how to.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
This fellow idolized her father to a certain extent! 
Even if Lu nanze farted, she would probably find it fragrant. 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched, then she nodded and looked at Lu nanze, who was standing there with the pot. 
Lu nanze came back to his senses. He picked up the pot and poured the oil out. Then, he turned around and continued to cook. As he was cooking, he said,””Kaka called me and said that she was hungry. She asked me to order takeaway for her. I feel that taking-out is not healthy, and children still need to eat home-cooked food, so I came over. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and turned to look at the table. Four dishes had been prepared. 
She was a little shocked.”Did you make all these?” 
In his memory, this guy didn’t know how to cook at all. 
Why did she suddenly change
Lu nanze cleared his throat and said,”l only know how to cook fish. The housekeeper at home prepared it and I brought it over.” 
Qiao Yiyi finally understood. 
Then she coughed, looked at Lu nanze, and asked, “”Have you . Steamed the rice
At these words, Lu nanze paused in his cooking. 
He coughed and turned to Qiao Yiyi. He said calmly, “”Not yet,” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
So, the dishes are ready, but the rice is not
The corners of her mouth twitched. Then, she walked to the side, picked up the pot and the rice, and put the rice in the pot. 
In fact, Qiao Yiyi didn’t know how to cook in the past. But after giving birth to Kaka, she had to learn how to cook because it was indeed not suitable for children to always eat outside food. 
Fortunately, Qiao Yiyi was smart and learned everything very quickly, so she could cook well now..
###Chapter 1990 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(20) 
He just didn’t do it often. 
Her hand was still injured, so it was not suitable for her to cook. After she finished steaming the rice, she walked out. 
When the fish was cooked, the rice wasn ‘t. 
However, Kaka was already hungry, so everyone ate first. 
Fortunately, there were enough dishes today. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be enough to eat. 
Lu nanze watched the two of them eat and felt a little awkward, but he did not show it. 
They didn’t speak when they ate. 
Kaka was famished and ate very quickly. Qiao Yiyi and Lu nanze’s relationship was a little delicate. The two of them didn’t know what to say to each other, so for a while, neither of them spoke. 
When they were done eating, Lu nanze picked up the bowl on the table and went into the kitchen. 
Qiao Yi’s hand was injured, but he didn’t argue with him. 
Qiao Yiyi sat down on the sofa when she heard the sound of running water in the kitchen. Kaka did not want to be separated from her father, not even for a minute. So at this moment, it was standing at the kitchen door and staring at Lu nanze. It did not even let him wash the dishes. Qiao Yiyi did not know why, but she suddenly felt a little down. 
In fact, this man was really good to her, wasn’t he
If she could let Qiao Lian’s matter go, and Kaka needed a father so badly, she could actually continue to be with Lu nanze. 
But now 
She smiled bitterly and lowered her head. 
Lu nanze finished washing the dishes and walked out of the kitchen. He glanced at Qiao Yiyi and was about to say something when she stood up. “It’s getting late. You should go home early. I don’t have to send Kaka to your place tomorrow. I won’t go to work. I’ll rest at home for a few days.” Lu nanze nodded at this. 
He then looked at Kaka and said,””Then daddy will go back first.” 
Although Kaka was a little unhappy, he would always listen to Qiao Yiyi. 
So she pouted her little mouth and sighed.”Then I’ll send daddy.” 
She then followed Lu nanze out. 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to send him off too, but she thought of something and stopped in her tracks. 
Forget it, she would give the father and daughter some time alone. Kaka liked Lu nanze so much that she had already deprived her of some of her power. 
Kaka and Lu nanze walked out of the room, then Kaka reluctantly sent Lu nanze to his car. 
Little Kaka waved his hand and pouted,”daddy, mommy’s hand is injured. You have to remember to send food over tomorrow, or I will be hungry.” 
Lu nanze immediately nodded and said,”okay.” 
After answering her, Lu nanze continued to look at Kaka. Suddenly, he coughed. Although he was a little embarrassed, he still asked,”Kaka, how are you guys going to sleep tonight?” 
Kaka was stunned and didn’t quite understand the meaning of this sentence. “Of course I’m sleeping with mommy in my arms!” 
Lu nanze heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that Qiao Yiyi would be sleeping with him. He nodded and said, “‘What about your Uncle Chen?” 
Lu nanze knew that he shouldn’t have asked about Qiao Yiyi and Chen Yanshengs progress. 
We’re all adults, why do this
However, looking at Kaka, he couldn’t help but ask. 
Little Kaka did not understand what Lu nanze was implying, but the straightforward little Kaka still said immediately, “I don’t know how Uncle Chen is going to sleep with you! He’s not staying in my house!”
###Chapter 1991 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(21) 
He’s not staying in my house! 
At that moment, Lu nanze felt that this was the most moving sentence in the world. 
His eyes lit up and he stared at little Kaka in disbelief.”What did you say?” 
Chen Yansheng and Qiao Yiyi were already a couple. From Qiao Yiyi’s words, she wanted to divorce her and then marry Chen Yansheng. They were already in this state, but they still didn’t live together
Perhaps…They were only in Suzhou and not living togetherr. om
As soon as this thought came to her mind, she saw Kaka turn his head in confusion.”Uncle Chen is not familiar with us, why does he want to live in our house?” 
Lu nanze was taken aback.”Not close?” 
Kaka nodded.”That’s right. When I was overseas, I didn’t even see Uncle Chen. It was only when I returned to China that mom brought me to see him once, but it was only once Mom said that Uncle Chen was her very good friend in the past, but now, mom doesn’t want to have any contact with Uncle Chen either. She feels that it’s not good.” 
The more Lu nanze listened, the more excited he became. 
He was almost certain that there was nothing going on between Qiao Yiyi and Chen Yansheng! 
But the next moment, he couldn’t help but think. 
Since there was nothing going on between Qiao Yiyi and Chen Yansheng, why did Qiao Yiyi use Chen Yansheng as a shield
She wanted to use Chen Yansheng to reject him. 
He could not help but smile bitterly at this thought. 
He didn’t expect that she would tell such a lie in order to reject him. Lu nanze frowned at this thought. 
After a long while, he looked at Kaka. “Can you not tell mom about our conversation just now
Little Kaka immediately nodded. “0kay! ” 
Any-vvay, the conversation just now was nothing much. 
Lu nanze reached out and patted her head. “Good girl, take care of your mother’s hand tonight. I’ll bring you breakfast tomorrow morning.” 
As soon as he said this, Kaka jumped up excitedly.”Good, good! Dad, see you tomorrow morning! By the way, dad, don’t leave when you’re here tomorrow. I want to go to the amusement park!” 
Lu nanze nodded and said,”okay.” 
Kaka immediately waved his hand. “Daddy, Baibai.” 
Lu nanze started the car. After they left the villa, he stopped the car by the side of the road and turned to look in their direction. 
Because he was quite far away, he could see that the lights on the second floor of the villa were still on. 
She didn’t know how much time had passed before she finally saw the lights on the second floor turn off. 
He took out a cigarette from his pocket and put it in his mouth. When he was about to light it, he suddenly thought of what Kaka had said about not letting his father smoke. 
So, she put the cigarette aside and just stared at the second floor. 
The feelings that had been suppressed surged up again. 
For five years, Wu Hen had not looked for anyone else. Did this mean that she was not that heartless to him
Didn’t this mean that He actually still had a chance
These thoughts made him feel like he had been revived. He suddenly felt that his life was filled with hope again. 
He curled his lips, suddenly turned the car around, and headed home. 
Well, when I go back tonight, I must learn two more dishes from the nanny. 
When she cooked for them tomorrow, she must remember to put the rice in the pot first. 
Qiao Yiyi had no idea what Lu nanze was thinking. 
At this moment, she was holding Kaka. 
Little Kaka had already fallen asleep in her arms, but she was staring at the ceiling. Perhaps it was because she had just slept, so she couldn’t fall asleep now..
###Chapter 1992 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(22) 
Lu nanze had actually come to their house to cook for her. This was something she had not expected. 
However, he did it so naturally, and he was no longer as aggressive as he was five years ago. 
Compared to the past, he seemed to have finally learned how to treat someone well. 
However, it was too late. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and sighed. 
Forget it, she didn’t want to think too much about love. Anyway, she had no chance with Lu nanze. 
Thinking of this, she closed her eyes and finally fell asleep. 
– . m
Qiao Yiyi woke up early the next morning. 
When he woke up, Kaka was still sleeping. 
She got out of bed quietly and walked to the bathroom. 
She didn’t like to wear pajamas when she slept. At this moment, she put on a shirt-type pajamas and began to brush her teeth. 
She brushed her teeth and walked down the stairs to the kitchen. She planned to soak the rice first and cook some porridge later. 
However, she didn’t expect to see a man standing there when she entered the kitchen with her hair in such a mess. 
When the man heard her footsteps, he turned around and bumped into Qiao 
Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi’s first reaction was to look down. 
He was wearing the shirt, but it was unbuttoned, revealing the sexy underwear underneath! 
Moreover, the length of the shirt was just enough to cover her butt, and her two long legs were exposed. 
She was stunned at first, and then suddenly opened her mouth wide. She wanted to scream, but then she remembered that Kaka was still sleeping, so she immediately closed her mouth. 
She widened her eyes silently and covered her clothes with one hand. Then, she turned and ran upstairs! 
Your sister! 
Who could tell her why Lu nanze had appeared in their kitchen so early in the morning
Oh, that’s right, this house was Lu nanze ‘s. 
Therefore, it was perfectly normal for Lu nanze to have the key. 
Who allowed her to come in and stay here without changing the lock
The past few years flashed through Qiao Yiyi’s mind. When she rushed upstairs, she hid in the bedroom and didn’t want to come down. That look just now Was really too embarrassing! 
But . 
Even if she was a turtle hiding in its shell, Kaka would wake up eventually. 
When Kaka woke up, he dragged Qiao Yiyi to the first floor. Qiao Yiyi and Lu nanze looked at each other and she immediately turned her head away in embarrassment. 
Kaka didn’t know what happened between the two of them at all. He only saw the table full of breakfast and rushed down excitedly,”dad, dad, I really love you so much!” 
Lu nanze caught her, lifted her in his arms, and placed her on the chair. 
Kaka began to eat.”Mommy, hurry up and come for breakfast! ” 
Qiao Yiyi cleared her throat and walked over to the dining table. She was about to pretend that nothing had happened that morning and start eating when she heard Lu nanze say,””You should eat more. There’s no meat on your waist at all. 
You’re too thin,” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
There wasn’t any meat on her waist 
Before she could say anything, Kaka raised his head.”Daddy, how did you know? Have you seen it before? Or have you touched it before?” Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Lu nanze didn’t say anything. He only glanced at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi felt that Lu nanze was Teasing her
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow–let’s all kiss each other!]
###Chapter 1993 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(23) 
As Qiao Yiyi was thinking about this, she heard Lu nanze say,””Because I’m your father, of course I know.” 
Kaka didn’t understand, but when he saw Lu nanze say this with such a serious face, he suddenly felt that his father seemed to be omnipotent. Hence, he nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Kaka had always been a curious baby. In the past, he would always get to the bottom of things, but today he was so easily dismissed
This was simply … Unbelievable! 
Qiao Yiyi finished her breakfast in shock. Then, she saw Lu nanze turn around and put the food in the kitchen. 
Qiao Yiyi ignored him and went upstairs. 
Her hand was injured and she couldn’t touch water. It was summer now and she didn’t take a shower last night, so she actually felt a little uncomfortable. 
She really wanted to take a bath! 
However, looking at her scalded hand, she knew that she had to dispel this thought. 
How she wished that someone could help her wipe her body. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed and saw Kaka walk over. 
She stared at Qiao Yiyi for a while and then suddenly said, Dad just asked me if you took a shower last night.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She answered vigilantly, “What did you say
“No, mom, why didn’t you take a shower last night?” she asked. 
‘Mom hurt her hand!” Qiao Yiyi said. 
“But you’re not injured. Mom, you’re already stinky!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
After staying in the police station for a day, she couldn’t take a shower and was also smoked by the fire. She had sweated a few times. At this moment, not to mention Kaka, even she herself felt a little disgusted. But! 
It was very embarrassing to be said like this by Kaka! 
Especially when Lu nanze had asked Kaka . 
Especially when Lu nanze had asked Kaka . 
So Lu nanze also felt that he was smelly
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched. 
Although she didn’t want to have anything to do with Lu nanze anymore, as a woman, being despised by a man for being unhygienic, it was simply Frustrating! 
Qiao Yiyi sat there, feeling conflicted. Then, she heard Kaka ?sit down. I’ll help you wipe it.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
She turned her head and looked at Kaka. 
Kaka was four years old this year, but he was still small. Standing there, his height did not even reach her waist. 
When she said this, Qiao Yiyi’S heart was filled with warmth. 
Perhaps it was just a small matter, but when an insensible child said it, it would always make people particularly touched. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded at Kaka’s reaction. “Okay.” 
Kaka then walked towards the bathroom. “Then, mommy, take off your clothes and sit on the sofa. I’ll come and wipe your back for you immediately.” Qiao Yiyi obediently took off her pajamas. 
Because they were at home, she wasn’t wearing any underwear under her pajamas. 
She just sat on the sofa and lay there. 
Just as he was thinking about enjoying little Kaka’s service later, he heard the door creak. 
She didn’t pay much attention to it and thought it was Kaka. 
Then, he heard the sound of a towel being twisted in the basin. 
She said, “Kaka, you have to use more strength later. Mom’s back is so itchy. I haven’t bathed for two days. I feel like mud is coming out from my back!” 
Kaka didn’t speak. 
Just as Qiao Yiyi was about to turn around, a hot towel was placed on her back..
###Chapter 1994 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(24) 
Qiao Yiyi let out a sigh of relief. 
He felt as if all the pores on his body had opened up. Then, he just lay there, not willing to move at all. 
The hand behind her back was on the towel, sliding up and down her back. 
The force was also very comfortable, not at all as small as he had imagined. And that pair of hands … That pair of hands … 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly realized something and sat up. 
That pair of hands were simply little Kaka’s little hands! 
It was a pair of large hands! 
But after doing so, she was stunned and quickly lay down to cover her face. Turning her head, she saw Lu nanze holding a towel and running it through the water. 
And little Kaka was standing at the side, holding a biscuit in his hand, chewing and looking. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
“What are you doing here?!” Qiao Yiyi exclaimed. 
Lu nanze looked at her calmly and said,”Oh, Kaka asked me to come over and wipe your back.” 
Kaka nodded innocently.”Yes, but I’m too young and I don’t have enough strength. Daddy can help you. Mommy, your hand is injured and you can’t take a bath, but you still need to wipe it. Otherwise, it’ll be too smelly when you sleep at night!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi was so embarrassed that she didn’t know what to do. She couldn’t get up either. Now that her back was seen, she would be seen through if she got up. 
But if she didn’t get up, she would be bullied by Lu nanze
She stared at Lu nanze and bit her lip. 
Just as she was deep in thought, Lu nanze suddenly said,””What are you afraid of? It’s not like I haven’t seen it before. 
Qiao Yiyi was taken aback by his words. She suddenly remembered that five years ago, when she had been injured, Lu nanze had also applied medicine for her in the same way. 
So Yes, what was there to be afraid of
After all, it didn’t matter if he looked at her once. Besides, five years ago, Lu nanze had looked at her more than once. ?ne?. ?ｍ
What’s wrong with just a back-wipe
At the thought of this, she decided to give up. Even though she knew that she shouldn’t do this and that she shouldn’t be so close to him, at this moment, she accepted his kindness with a weak heart. 
She was just a woman, and she had suffered too much pain all these years. 
She had to bear the responsibility and responsibility of raising a child. 
She also wanted to be vulnerable once in a while. 
Lu nanze stared at the girl’S back. 
Her back was different from other women ‘s. 
Although he had never touched any other woman, he could tell from the clothes of the female celebrities and the girls walking on the streets that their backs were smooth and delicate. 
However, Wu hen’s back was covered in wounds. 
Although they were all faint, they were densely packed on his back, looking a little scary. 
He placed his hand on the marks and touched them. 
The number of scars indicated how many scars she had suffered since she was young. 
On her shoulder, there was a scar the size of a fist. 
This should be the time when she had injured her shoulder five years ago. 
He was already injured, and he went to the Xu family with his injuries. He stole their hundred-year-old ginseng and was severely injured. Then, he went to steal it again 
The wound on top of the one on top of the one on top did not heal well, and the scar looked a Little Big and hideous. 
Lu nanze’s heart twitched at the sight.
###Chapter 1995 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(25) 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi and thought to himself,’I wonder which of the wounds on her body are old and which are new.’ 
In the past five years, how had she been
As he wiped her back, Lu nanze’s emotions became very complicated. He moved his hands gently and did not dare to use too much strength, as if he was afraid that he would hurt her skin. 
However, Qiao Yiyi was not comfortable with the force. 
“You didn’t eat breakfast,” she couldn’t help but say.”You have so little strength.” 
Her words reminded Lu nanze of something. He couldn’t help but laugh. That’s right, these wounds had obviously healed. Wuhen must be feeling uncomfortable with him like this. 
He used more strength to wipe Qiao Yiyi’s back. Then, he went into the water again and suddenly lifted her arm. 
Qiao Yiyi suddenly felt a little embarrassed. She pressed down on her arm.”This …” 
“Don’t move. Be good and listen to me. If you do it well, you’ll be able to sleep better.” 
Qiao Yiyi stopped moving after hearing that. 
She laid there, feeling the warm towel on her back, wiping away her fatigue and dirt. Then, the towel was suddenly placed under her armpit. 
His hand seemed to have touched a sensitive place, making her face turn red. 
She couldn’t stay still anymore. She wanted to move and say something, but Lu nanze’s large hand grabbed her shoulder. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip and turned around. Lu nanze said,””Kaka, can you go downstairs and bring me my phone?” 
Kaka nodded without any doubt.”Okay, dad. ” 
Then, she walked out with light steps and closed the door for them. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
In the past, he always taught Kaka to close the door wherever he went. Now, he suddenly felt that it was not a good thing for Kaka to have such a good habit. 
Why did she close the door
Just as he was thinking about this, he suddenly felt a weight on his back. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She felt Lu nanze on top of her, hugging her shoulders. His breath was on her neck. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and lowered her voice. “Lu nanze, what are you doing
As soon as she finished speaking, Lu nanze said,” Don’t move. Yiyi, wuhen, let me hug you. ” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
She wanted to move, but Lu nanze’s ?words made her heart ache. He was like a lonely child who was longing for the only trace of warmth. 
His hug didn’t have any ambiguous feelings. It was just a simple hug. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t bring herself to say anything that would make her refuse. 
She just lay there, her whole body tensed up, feeling the man’s hormonal scent, which reached her nose in waves. 
For some reason, her body felt weak. 
Perhaps It had been too long since she last had a man. 
As she was thinking about this, she felt Lu nanze suddenly move closer to her ear and whisper,””Yiyi I love you.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and her body froze. 
“Yiyi, I’m sorry about the ginseng. I didn’t know you were wuhen . 
Qiao Yiyi sneered at her words. 
Just because you don’t know, you can lie to me? If he knew, would she never know where the ginseng went?
###Chapter 1996 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(26) 
Qiao Yiyi’s attitude turned cold.”So?” 
Lu nanze had obviously sensed it, but he didn’t let go of Qiao Yiyi. He continued,””Yiyi, I’ve never wanted anyone to explain my actions to me. But because it’s you, I’m willing to explain it clearly for you.” 
“I no longer have any love for Qiao Lian, only some kinship is left. You might not understand, but when I saw her getting married and living a happy life, I suddenly realized that I could really let go. That ginseng … When she was pregnant, I took her away. She was so scared that her body wasn’t good, which led to premature birth and massive bleeding. I owe her this. Back then, I gave the ginseng to her not because I loved her, but because I wanted to use it to completely end our relationship so that I could regain my heart and love you properly. ” 
“Wuhen, I only wanted to give myself a complete heart back then and give you a complete love. Otherwise, I would have let you down.” 
‘Just like you, you don’t like Liang Liang anymore, do you
‘Wuhen, I’m sorry. I don’t dare to lie to you. ‘ 
‘Wuhen, I love you.” 
His voice was very, very low. 
But the words of explanation rang in Qiao Yiyi’s ears. 
She widened her eyes in shock and stared in front of her in disbelief. For a moment, she was unable to speak. 
She had never thought that the truth of the matter would be like this. 
She had always thought that Lu nanze had given the ginseng to Qiao Lian at the cost of his own health because he loved her so much. 
However, she had never thought that he was nice to Qiao Lian not because of love, but because of guilt. 
Just like how she felt guilty towards Liang Liang. 
She narrowed her eyes and looked at the sofa in front of her. 
But the next moment, she couldn’t help but smile bitterly. 
Now, even if they knew the truth and that it was a misunderstanding, so what
It was impossible to go back to five years ago. 
She was no longer the same person as she was five years ago. 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists. 
For a moment, he was speechless. 
She lay there, listening to Lu nanze’s heartfelt words. Actually, she wanted to say something as well. 
All these years, she had actually missed him very much. 
However, she couldn’t say that, because she no longer had the right. 
After what she had done, she had already fallen into a state of eternal damnation. 
She lowered her eyes and heard Lu nanze ask in a low ?can you answer me now? Are you willing to give me another chance? Let’s give Kaka a complete family, and let me give you a complete love. ” 
Are you willing to
She was willing. 
However, she could not . 
She opened her mouth and was about to answer when she suddenly heard an unfamiliar voice and the sound of crying from downstairs. 
Both Qiao Yiyi and Lu nanze were taken aback. Qiao Yiyi quickly put on her clothes and opened the door with Lu nanze. They saw that the entire villa was surrounded by a group of police officers. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. A police officer stepped forward and said, ‘Miss Qiao, we have evidence that Chen Yansheng was not with you that night! So, his testimony is fake, and Now you’re the biggest suspect. According to the orders of my boss, please come with me to the police station!” 
LPS: I’m done updating.. See you tomorrow-guess what Yiyi did?]
###Chapter 1997 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(27) 
Kaka was already scared to death. 
So many police officers had suddenly rushed into the house, and the moment they entered, they were armed with guns and surrounded the entire villa. 
He was so scared that he started crying. 
Qiao Yiyi frowned when she heard the police officer’s words. She subconsciously walked towards Kaka.”Kaka, stop crying.” 
But just as she took a step, she was stopped by the police.”Ms. Qiao, please cooperate with us and leave with us immediately. Otherwise, don’t blame us for being impolite!” 
Qiao Yiyi was furious when she heard that. She glared at the police officer and said,”My child is crying, don’t you see? He needs me now!” 
The police officer was Liang Liang’s subordinate and Bai Anan’s admirer. 
He knew that Bai Anan was hostile to Qiao Yiyi and that Liang Liang was on her side. Besides, he was the one who found the video taken by the child and brought it back At this moment, he didn’t react at all when he heard Qiao Yiyi’s words. He just stood there and said in a strong voice,””Since miss Qiao is not cooperating, then don’t blame us for being impolite!” 
As he said this, he raised his hand, as if he was going to let the people behind him attack. 
Qiao Yiyi was furious when she saw him like this. 
Especially at the side, Kaka had never seen such a scene before, so he was a little scared. 
In addition to this man’s overbearing attitude, Kaka looked at his mother nervously. 
She didn’t really understand why the police came to her house, but when she heard that they wanted to take her mother away, and that her mother didn’t want to, she felt that this group of people were bad. 
Therefore, without thinking, Kaka pounced on him and hugged the policeman’s leg.”Bad guy, let go of my mother!” He said. 
As soon as he finished speaking, the police officer frowned in anger. He directly grabbed Kaka’s shoulder with one hand and was about to throw him out mercilessly ! 
Qiao Yiyi’S pupils shrank when she saw this. She shouted, “stop!” 
She was about to step forvvard when she heard the police officer sneer and 
Say, “Mis Qiao, we received an order before we came. If you don’t listen and attack the police, we can shoot you immediately! Therefore, please think twice before you do anything! ” 
Then, he picked up Kaka and threw her to Qiao Yiyi mercilessly! 
Qiao Yiyi did not dare to move. 
He wasn’t afraid that the group of people would shoot him, but he was afraid that if he moved, the group of people would shoot and it would affect Kaka! 
Kaka was so small, but it was her everything! 
Her chest heaved up and down in anger. She hurriedly took the card, turned around, and glared at the police officer. 
Then he heard the police officer say, “Miss Qiao, please!” Qiao Yiyi glared at him, her eyes full of hatred. 
At that moment, someone patted Qiao Yiyi’s shoulder. 
She turned around and saw Lu nanze walking out. 
She stepped aside. Lu nanze nodded at her and walked out slowly. After he walked past Qiao Yiyi, he grabbed the policeman without a word and threw a hard punch at his face. 
“Bang!” 
The police officer’s body was immediately sent flying and smashed into the wall. 
When the other police officers saw this, they immediately raised their guns and pointed them at Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi. They were about to shoot..
###Chapter 1998 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(28) 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank and she quickly shielded Kaka behind her. Then she heard Lu nanze sneer,”I’m lu nanze. Who dares to shoot me?” 
When these domineering words were spoken, everyone was stunned. 
Some of the special police officers might not know who Lu nanze was, but they were all stunned by his words. Hence, no one dared to shoot. . 
On the other hand, when the police officer on the ground heard the name Lu nanze and saw who he was, his pupils shrank. 
Qiao Yiyi was worried about Kaka, so she came down first. 
Lu nanze was right behind her, so the police did not see him for a while. 
Now that he was here, he knew that it would be difficult today. 
Even though his face was swollen from the punch, he still struggled to get up from the ground. He looked at Lu nanze and said with a smile,””Mr. Lu, I didn’t know you were here.” 
Lu nanze looked down and sneered,”what do you mean by that? you don’t know I’m here, so you can bully my wife and child?” 
The police officer choked and coughed.”l didn’t mean it that way. I was …” 
“As a police officer, you were suspected ofbullying a four-year-old child. I’ve already recorded the video. This is the evidence. Just wait for me to Sue you to your leader!” 
After saying this, Lu nanze raised his phone. 
He had not gone downstairs just now because he wanted to take a video. 
The moment he walked out of the room and saw the police, he knew that something was going to happen! 
Director Bai could even set fire to kill wuhen, which meant that if wuhen was taken away by them again, he would definitely die of illness in the police station! 
So no matter what, he couldn’t let this group of people take wuhen away. 
He couldn’t find a reason why they wouldn’t take wuhen away. That was why he didn’t come down on purpose to see if there were any loopholes. In the end, this police officer was good. He directly targeted Kaka! 
A police officer was bullying a child. This was simply 
If this video were to be released, it would probably attract public opinion! 
Hearing Lu nanze’s words, the police officer’s pupils shrank. Even though he had just been hit, his expression immediately changed. He looked at Lu nanze with an ingratiating expression and said,”Mr. Lu, I, I was just joking with the 
child. You see . ..” 
Lu nanze cast his gaze down. “Joking? Why doesn’t it look like a joke? If my wife hadn’t caught my son, would my son have fallen to the ground? A child won’t be able to withstand your heavy strength!” 
As he said this, he stared at the police officer and sneered.”You can treat my son like this in places where I can’t see. How can I be at ease and let you take my wife away. 
He picked up his phone and continued, “1’m going to call my lawyer now. You’d better call director Bai as well. Let’S discuss how we should resolve todays matter!” 
The police officer wanted to slap himself in the face. He had come here to arrest Qiao Yiyi. 
He didn’t like Qiao Yiyi.. Why did she have to hit a child? He really brought this upon himself!
###Chapter 1999 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(29) 
The Lu family’s Villa instantly became lively. 
The SWAT team had come over to take down Qiao Yiyi in one go. 
However, she had not expected Lu nanze to cause such a ruckus. 
In less than half an hour, Lu nanze’s team of lawyers arrived. 
On the other side, the police officer also called director Bai. 
It wasn’t appropriate to make a big deal out of the current situation. 
After all, director Bai wasn’t a powerful figure. 
Moreover, there were so many lawyers and Lu nanze had a hold on her. 
The police had no choice but to hand the phone over to Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze picked up the call. It was director Bai. 
Lu nanze laughed.”Director Bai, I really can’t stand the way your people do things. I can’t let you take my wife away. If another fire breaks out, she’ll lose her life!” 
‘We have already arrested Chen Yansheng and the evidence is with us. He can’t continue to pretend that Qiao Yiyi is innocent. Hence, Chen Yanshengs evidence is false testimony!” Chief Bai said immediately. Your wife is a very important murder suspect! Moreover, because it involves perjury, your wife is no longer trustworthy enough in the eyes of the police. So, we need to detain your wife now. It’s all legal in the eyes of the law. ” 
Lu nanze laughed coldly and said, “1 don’t care if you’re legal or not. There’s no way you can take her away today.” I don’t care what your law says, but if you insist on doing it by force, then I can only announce it to the public and let everyone judge. ” 
Director Bai laughed when he heard this.””Things aren’t that serious. How about this, since you’re not willing to send people to the police station, then let my people investigate your wife in the Lu family villa. It’s only right for your wife to cooperate with our people, right? Since it’s the bail period, my men will have to guard the Lu family villa in case your wife goes out during this time. Also…Mr. Lu, it doesn’t matter if you can’t bring her back. We’ve already gone through legal procedures, and in five days, we’ll have a court hearing on this matter. By then, your wife will have no reason to be absent again!” 
Lu nanze’s eyes narrowed as he stared at the phone. He laughed coldly and said,”of course, everything has to go through the legal process. But I hope that you police can come up with more direct evidence when the time comes. Don’t just insist that my wife killed someone without any evidence!” 
“Well, Mr. Lu, don’t worry. We’ll definitely produce evidence that will satisfy you! Alright, I’ll see you in court in five days!” 
Director Bai hung up the phone after saying that. 
After Lu nanze threw the phone to the police officer, the police officer glared at 
Qiao Yiyi and waved his hand.””Let’s go!” 
The group of special police officers came quickly and left even faster. They soon disappeared from the villa. 
However, after they left, Lu nanze’s bodyguard walked in and said in a low voice , “”There are three groups of people standing guard outside, taking turns to monitor the villa. I’m afraid that if miss Qiao shows any signs of escape, they will be immediately discovered.” 
At these words, Lu nanze laughed coldly and said, “they really put in a lot of effort to deal with you!” 
Qiao Yiyi frowned. 
Lu nanze looked at the lawyer and asked,”the court will start in five days. How confident are we 
The lawyer frowned and looked troubled…I’m afraid it’s only 30%,”
###Chapter 2000 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(30) 
Lu nanze said coldly,””How could this be? They didn’t have any direct evidence to prove that Qiao Yiyi was the murderer. The only evidence they had was the video. However, the authenticity of the video is still uncertain. How can we have such a big chance of winning?” 
The lawyer sighed.”Mr. Lu, that was the original plan. We just insisted that the video was fake and asked them to produce ive evidence. But now, we can’t do that!” 
The lawyer was in a difficult position.”ln order to get away, miss Qiao and Mr. Chen could create false evidence. In the eyes of the law, this would greatly reduce the Chief Judge’s credibility towards miss Qiao! In fact, Mr. Chen Yansheng might even be convicted because of this! This time, miss Qiao was implicated by Mr. Chen! Now, they would stick to this false testimony and make miss Qiao lose a layer of skin! In the later part of the video, it seemed to be true, but then it changed again. In addition, of all the people present at the time, miss Qiao was indeed the most suspicious of the murder, because there couldn’t be a second murder suspect! The possibility of miss Qiao being judged as a murderer is very high!” 
Lu nanze waved his hand and said, “I don’t want to hear that now. I just want to know how we can find her innocent.” 
The lawyer immediately said, “that means there’s only one way!” The club’s recording system will be fixed immediately. It will prove that miss Qiao left the room in 20 minutes and went out. Otherwise, miss Qiao will never be able to explain herself! ” . m
Lu nanze turned to look at Qiao Yiyi. 
He frowned and looked at his bodyguard after a while. “Go and ask the club when the surveillance cameras will be fixed. When can you get it out?” 
This surveillance video was almost the proof that it was Qiao Yiyi’s last chance! 
Lu nanze could not afford to lose this surveillance camera. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but sigh when she saw him. 
She carried Kaka and brought him upstairs. After coaxing Kaka for a long time, she finally managed to put him to sleep. 
He waited until Kaka fell asleep. 
She went downstairs again. 
As soon as she went downstairs, she heard Lu nanze giving instructions to the Butler. “For the next few days, get a group of people to disturb the police. We have to prepare for the worst. If the surveillance cameras at the club haven’t been fixed by the day before the court hearing, then we have to send them out at all costs!” 
The Butler nodded. 
When Qiao Yiyi heard these words, she felt a surge of warmth in her heart. 
She knew that this was Lu nanze’s plan. 
She walked down the stairs and Lu nanze happened to see her. He walked up to her and stared at her.”lf you leave now, it’s still not too late. The police are not keeping a close eye on you.” The closer it is to court, the more strict they will be, and your and Kaka’s lives will be in more danger, so Do you want to consider leaving now. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes when she heard this. 
She stared at Lu nanze and shook her head after a moment. “No, I want to stay. I don’t think the heavens will be too cruel to me.” 
However, just as he finished speaking, the bodyguard rushed in.”Sir, the club’s surveillance system has already responded! They said that the surveillance footage from that day was originally repaired, but it was attacked by a hacker. Now, it’s all gone and can’t be restored!” 
[PS: wow. it’s been two thousand chaoters! I See vou tomorrow–

###Chapter 2001 – Who Trusts Who? Who’S Toying With Who?(31) 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank and she raised her head. 
Lu nanze frowned as well.”What do you mean by a hacker has hacked in and it can’t be restored?!” 
The bodyguard lowered his head.”It was a hacker who hacked into their club’s surveillance system and destroyed all the surveillance footage from that day. We can’t get it out now and can’t prove Madam’s innocence!” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard the word “Madam,” she didn’t reject him. She just sat on the sofa and stared at the coffee table in front of her. 
She didn’t expect that Bai Anan and the others had already intervened to this extent. 
What kind of hacker would hack into a club’s surveillance system
This was the biggest joke in the world. 
She knew that Bai Anan had done it on purpose, but she had no way to deal with it! 
The only thing she could prove that she left early was the surveillance camera at the entrance of every club and the surveillance camera in the underground parking lot. 
But now, both surveillance cameras had been destroyed. 
Therefore, she had no way to prove her innocence. 
Because that day, when she walked out of her room and went to the underground parking lot, she did not see a single person. 
In that club, privacy was guaranteed. The waiters were very particular and would not interfere with the private secrets of the guests. Therefore, almost no one had seen her. 
This was also the reason why Chen Yansheng would rather perjure himself to bail her out first. 
When Lu nanze heard this, he frowned and stared at Qiao Yiyi.”W7hat do you want to do now
What to do
Should Lu nanze immediately make arrangements for her to leave, or should he wait for the court’s decision before making further arrangements
Qiao Yiyi knew that Lu nanze was asking this. 
He wasn’t a police officer, so he didn’t have any social responsibility on his shoulders. To him, there was no right or wrong, only love and hate. 
However, if she were to leave just like that, then she might really never be able to come back. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes at the thought. 
After a moment, she looked up at Lu nanze and said with a smile,””l choose to stay.” 
She stared at Lu nanze and said firmly,””Although I don’t have any evidence to prove my innocence, they don’t have direct evidence to prove that I killed someone. Since they know it’s a 30% chance, why don’t they try it? it’s a 30% chance!” 
If the court found her guilty, then they would proceed with the next step. 
As long as she could deal with Kaka’s matter, she was confident that she could escape anywhere. 
Seeing her like this, Lu nanze was silent for a moment. After a while, he nodded and n?e?. o
Then she stood up and stared at the bodyguard. “Give me the second plan immediately. I want If the court finds her guilty, then on that day, I will send her abroad.’ 
“Yes.” 
The bodyguard immediately nodded and turned to leave. 
Lu nanze turned around and looked at Qiao Yiyi. “Director Bai will definitely not let you off the hook for targeting you so badly. You must not enter the police station again.” 
Lu nanze had emphasized this sentence many times. 
Qiao Yiyi had never thought highly of herself. Director Bai had been the director for so many years and could do whatever he wanted in the police station. It was indeed not suitable for her to be in the police station again. 
She looked at Lu nanze and felt touched. 
In fact, at this moment, the best and most conservative way was to leave now and never come back..
###Chapter 2002 – Who Trusted Who? Who Was Toying With Who?(32) 
However, she still chose to wait willfully. 
As for Lu nanze … He cooperated and made all the necessary arrangements for her. He did not even ask her why she was so insistent on staying. 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart warmed at the thought, but she still lowered her head and went upstairs without a word. 
– 
The time for the court session came very quickly. 
In the past five days, director Bai had increased the special police’s watch over her. They thought that she would leave, but they didn’t expect Qiao Yiyi to stay in the villa and not go anywhere. 
Director Bai was very surprised. 
He stared at Bai Anan, who had a big belly, and said,””She’s really not afraid at all?” 
Bai Anan was eating nuts. Ever since she got pregnant, she had been eating some at a fixed time every day. 
She put a piece of walnut in her mouth. After she finished it, she looked up and said,”she thought that with Lu nanze’s protection, that her Qinggong was great, so of course she wasn’t afraid.” 
Director Bai sneered.”Qinggong? This thing had long since ceased to exist. Moreover, as a woman of their family, as long as she gave birth, her efforts would be in vain! Can’t you see that she’s grown taller?” 
Bai Anan nodded. 
Director Bai couldn’t help but look at her. “Did you have a fight with Liang Liang? Why don’t you go home?” 
Bai Anan sneered.”That Idiot’s head is full of scars. Why should I go home?” This time, I want him to see wuhen being executed with his own eyes!” 
Director Bai frowned. 
Bai Anan’s mother walked over. “He’s so cruel. I’m afraid you won’t be able to get along with him in the future.” 
Bai Anan raised her eyebrows. “Whats so difficult about getting along with him? I’m pregnant now, and he’s the Father of the child. Our relationship will never be affected, so I’m not afraid.” 
As she said this, she placed her hands on her stomach. 
The child was already six months old and had taken shape. It was just that the fetal movement was less than the average child. 
Bai Anan’s mother could not help but frown.”This child, why is he moving so little?” It doesn’t move much a day!” 
Bai Anan immediately said,”it’s nothing. I’ve gone to the hospital for a check-up. I’ve also had regular pregnancy tests. There’s no problem. Alright, dad, the court’s verdict is going to start today. I’ll go with you.” 
Hearing this, director Bai frowned.”But it’s just a murder case, there’s no need for me to go over. The lawyer can go over. If you want to watch the show, you can go and see it yourself.” 
Bai Anan pursed her lips.”Of course I’m going to see it. I want to see for myself how that little B * tch is going to court death!” 
In the court. 
Qiao Yiyi had come in Lu nanze’s car. 
When she arrived, she saw Bai Anan getting out of another car. 
The two of them looked at each other. 
Bai Anan smiled at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi turned around and glanced at Lu nanze. Then, ignoring Bai Anan, she walked into the court. 
However, she had barely taken two steps when Bai Anan stepped forward and blocked her way. “Mrs. Lu, long time no see.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything and just stared at Bai Anan. 
Bai Anan laughed immediately.”ln the past, we could still be considered friends. But I really didn’t expect That you would be her. I also didn’t expect that you would come to your death..”
###Chapter 2003 – : Who Trusted Who? Who Was Toying With Who?(33) 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes. 
Bai Anan sneered.”You’ve just returned to the country and you’ve already started killing people. That’s not your style. You’ve always liked to be sneaky and hide in places where no one can see you. Why did you push yourself into the eye of the storm this time?” 
As she said this, she immediately lowered her head, covered her mouth, and laughed.”Oh right, how could I have forgotten? do you think that you can rest easy with Mr. Lu protecting you? Qiao Yiyi, or should I say, wuhen, you’re too naive!” 
As she said this, she stood up straight and a sharp light shot out of her eyes.”Today, I’ll let you know what it means to come here and not go back! Since you dare to come back, don’t even think about leaving. ” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Bai Anan’s big belly. She couldn’t help but laugh.”Bai Anan, what are you so proud of?” 
Bai Anan was stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and looked at herself.”l know that I’ve grown taller and prettier, so you’re feeling even more inferior and less confident.” 
Bai Anan snorted coldly.”You’re so narcissistic! ” 
“Then why do you always target me? You’re so afraid of me , isn’t it because you’re jealous of me? Or rather, do you know that you’re not as good as me?” 
Bai Anan’s face turned pale with anger.”You’re talking nonsense! You’re a thief and a murderer. I’m a police officer. How can I be inferior to you
Qiao Yiyi pouted.”Because I’m more charming than you.” Bai Anan, I want to tell you, do you know what you looked like when you stood there with your belly out and said those harsh words to me?” 
Bai Anan’s pupils shrank, but she did not say anything. 
Qiao Yiyi continued,”you’re like a clown!” I really can’t stand to see you acting alone here, so I’m here to cooperate with you Alright, the court session is about to begin! Are you going in or not?” 
Bai Anan’s face turned green and then white. She was so angry that she was trembling. “You, you . 
However, Qiao Yiyi didn’t listen to her and walked straight into the court. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t bring Kaka with her today because she was going to court. 
And because it was a suspected criminal crime, there were not many onlookers, only a few relatives. 
As soon as they walked in, they saw Liang Liang sitting in the first row of the hearing stand. He heard footsteps and turned around anxiously. When he saw wuhen, his eyes lit up. 
Bai Anan followed Qiao Yiyi into the room. She had wanted to find trouble with Qiao Yiyi and say a few words to her, but she didn’t expect to see Liang Liang staring at Qiao Yiyi. 
She suddenly felt as if her heart had been jabbed, and it was burning with pain. 
Her stomach also felt a little uncomfortable, making her want to vomit. 
His stomach was even starting to hurt. 
She frowned. She knew that she should go to the hospital, but she wanted to see Qiao Yiyi get what she deserved with her own eyes. So, she held back her anger and didn’t say a word. She found a seat in the back row and sat down. 
For many nights after that, Bai Anan couldn’t help but think about it. 
If she didn’t take Wu Hen so seriously back then and went to the hospital in time, would her life have changed completely
Would she and Liang Liang also have a different ending?
###Chapter 2004 – Who Trusted Who? Who Teased Who?(34) 
Qiao Yiyi followed the lawyer and was about to sit in the defendant’s seat. 
Lu nanze and the rest of the team were to be seated in the audience. 
Qiao Yiyi followed Lu nanze to the audience. Just as she was about to walk forward, Lu nanze suddenly grabbed her hand. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. She turned around and saw Lu nanze staring at her. He smiled and said,””Don’t worry, I’ll protect you. ” 
Qiao Yiyi pursed her lips and nodded. 
Then, she followed the lawyer and sat down. 
The lawyer that director Bai had hired was the best in the industry, and this case was really easy to solve. 
Before the court started, the lawyer on the other side of the court recounted the story of Qiao Yiyi and Chen Yansheng’s perjections and as expected, the presiding judge was biased. 
Immediately, the lawyer brought out a number of indirect evidence.”Presiding judge, members of the magic Court, this is the evidence we have gathered. First of all, the defendant was with the deceased that day. Moreover, the deceased wanted to rape the defendant by drugging the defendant. The defendant resisted and tied the deceased up. From the look of the deceased before he died, we can see that the defendant tied the deceased up easily, so there was no problem with excessive self-defense. After she tied the victim up, she was already safe. ” 
After the lanyer said this, he raised his head.”There was no third person who entered the scene of the murder. We have collected various things at the scene, which can prove that there was no fourth person besides Mr. Lu who entered. 
So, the defendant is likely to be the suspect!” 
“The defendant had the motive and the opportunity to kill. According to her , she left the room at 20. However, the club’s surveillance video had a problem and can’t be repaired, so no one can prove that she left the room at 20. 
The victim was killed at 28 PM, and she happened to have the time to kill! There was a motive for murder and a murder case. Even if we can’t produce more direct evidence now, it’s enough to accuse the accused of murder! Moreover , why did Chen Yansheng give false testimony for the accused? It’s because they have a guilty conscience!” 
The presiding judge nodded repeatedly at his words. 
In fact, the evidence of Qiao Yiyi’S murder was not valid. 
However, Chen Yansheng’s false testimony had turned the original 50 — 50 chance into a 30 – 70 chance. 
The Chief Judge’s attitude made Qiao Yiyi frown. She had a bad feeling. 
Even when the presiding judge looked at her, there was a special sense of disgust. 
This meant that the presiding judge had been convinced! 
He now felt that he was the murderer! 
Qiao Yiyi frowned and turned to look at her lawyer. 
Although her lavvyers were the best in the industry, he did not know how to deal with this situation. 
In an instant, the situation was leaning towards the side that Qiao Yiyi was the murderer. 
Bai Anan, who was sitting in the audience’s seat, sneered. 
She knew it would be like this! 
However, at this moment, a figure hurriedly walked past her. 
It was Lu nanze’s bodyguard. He leaned close to Lu nanze’s ear and said something. 
Lu nanze’s eyes immediately lit up. He quickly picked up his cell phone and sent a message to his lawyer. 
When the lawyer saw the message, he stood up with a whoosh.”Presiding judge, we request for a court hearing to be adjourned because we have found new evidence!”
###Chapter 2005 – Who Trusted Who? Who Was Toying With Who?(35) 
New evidence
Everyone was slightly stunned. 
Qiao Yiyi felt that she would lose the lawsuit for sure. 
But who would have thought that things would turn around
She turned to look at the lawyer, who nodded at Lu nanze. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately understood that this was the new evidence Lu nanze had found. 
However, the surveillance footage had been destroyed, so what new evidence could they find
She frowned and saw that the lawyer opposite her was also looking at them nervously. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything and lowered her head. 
After the presiding judge agreed to adjourn the court, the lawyer handed in the new evidence. 
After the review was passed, the court session was held half an hour later. 
Qiao Yiyi’s lawyer pointed at the video and said, “”This is the surveillance camera on the road outside the club. We can see that miss Qiao’s car left the club at twenty-two minutes. He could also clearly see that the driver was indeed her because the window was open. What did this mean? This means that miss Qiao did as she said and came out of her room at 20 minutes!” 
The lavvyer smiled. 
Everyone was looking at the video. 
In the video, after Qiao Yiyi’s car drove away, the video did not stop. Everyone saw Li Tingtings car drive into the club! 
The lavvyer looked at the contents of the video and didn’t say anything. He only sneered. 
Liang Liang, on the other hand, stood up and stared at the video. Li Tingting entered the club at 22? But that day, we searched all the guests in the club, and Li Tingting didn’t book a private room, nor was she taken in! Then, what was she doing at the club?” 
That club was a high-class VIP private club, and everyone had to register to enter and exit. 
This was especially true for outsiders, who needed their VIP card to enter. r. o
Therefore, after the case, Liang Liang had investigated everyone, trying to find out who had a grudge against the deceased, but in the end, he had investigated all of them. 
At this moment, looking at this video, he suddenly felt that perhaps his investigation direction was wrong. 
He immediately turned to his men.”Go and investigate what Li Tingting was planning to do that day!” 
Li Tingting and Qiao Yiyi didn’t get along! 
And if Li Tingting had entered the club, it was possible that she had seen Qiao Yiyi tie up Qian Jin and then killed him to frame Qiao Yiyi! 
Don’t think that just because Li Tingting was a girl, she wouldn’t do such a thing. Those who grew up in rich families were all ruthless! Liang Liang believed that Li Tinetinz would do such a thinz! 
Liang Liang thought so. 
On the other side, the presiding judge had already made his judgment based on the video. 
‘We’ve already verified the authenticity of this video, but we’ve determined that it’s real and that there are no traces of Photoshop. So, I hereby declare that the defendant, Qiao Yiyi, is suspected of murder. Due to insufficient evidence, she is not guilty and is released!” 
As soon as he said that, Bai Anan stood up from the audience! 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi in shock and shouted, “that’s impossible! She was the one who killed the person, how could she be acquitted! This is impossible!” 
After she shouted this, her face turned as pale as a sheet of paper. She immediately bent down and hugged her stomach, frowning. ‘My stomach It hurts!”
###Chapter 2006 – : Who Trusted Who? Who Was Toying With Who?(36) 
Not many people responded to Bai Anan’s words. 
At that moment, everyone’s attention was on Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi stood up the moment the presiding judge announced the result. 
She turned around and looked at Lu nanze. 
However, he was not as relaxed as he had imagined. 
He must have found this video after searching through all the road recordings in the surrounding area. 
However, if he saw this, then … 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and stared at Lu nanze. When she saw him stand up, she looked at him with a complicated expression. 
The two of them looked at each other in the air, and for a moment, neither of them looked away. 
After a while, Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and looked at her hand. 
She smiled bitterly and followed the lawyer out. 
When she passed by Liang Liang, Liang Liang grabbed her arm,”wuhen …” 
Before she could finish her sentence, she heard Bai Anan’s voice from behind her.”Liang Liang, liangge, my stomach …” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Liang Liang and said,””Bai Anan is calling you.” 
Was she calling him
Liang Liang clenched his fists. He had used this trick last time. He said that he had stomach problems and accompanied her to the hospital. In the end, he fell into her trap. Then, that incident happened in the police station and almost caused wuhen to be buried in the sea of fire. 
What did she want to do this time
He ignored Bai Anan and stared at Qiao Yiyi.””Wuhen, I have something to tell you.” 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at Bai Anan and saw that her face was pale. She didn’t look fake. But Liang Liang knew that Bai Anan was like this, but he didn’t go over . 
She was not a Saint. Bai Anan had treated her so badly. She could not persuade Liang Liang to go over again. 
So she nodded. “Go on.’ 
Liang Liang looked at her , “l’m sorry.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
Liang Liang said,”l shouldn’t have doubted you.” Even though I’ve been protecting you, I’ve always been suspicious of you. That’s why I don’t trust you. I was wrong again! Now that I know it might have been Li Tingtings doing I know the direction of the follow-up investigation. ” 
Qiao Yiyi looked up at Liang Liang with a complicated look. After a while, she nodded.”… I see.” 
She suddenly didn’t know what to say to Liang Liang. 
After she said this, she walked straight towards Lu nanze. 
Liang Liang wanted to stop her and say something more, but when he saw Lu nanze’s direction, he had no choice but to stop. 
That’s right. 
Lu nanze had always been on her side. Even when the evidence was right in front of her, he had never doubted her. Compared to Lu nanze, what was he
In the past, he had felt that he had lost unwillingly, but now, he was completely convinced. 
Lu nanze’s trust in her far exceeded his own. 
He narrowed his eyes and lowered his head. He put on the police cap that he had been holding in his hand, turned around, and was about to leave. 
When he walked past Bai Anan, she grabbed his arm.””Brother Liang, my, my stomach . 
Liang Liang couldn’t help but lower his eyes. After a while, he turned his head.”You still plan to lie to me …” 
Before he could finish his words, he saw Bai Anan’s expression. He was stunned and stared at him suspiciously..”Are you really not feeling well?”
###Chapter 2007 – Who Trusted Who? Who Teased Who?(37) 
Bai Anan nodded. Then, her vision turned black and she fainted in Liang Liang’s arms. e?. ｏ
Liang Liang panicked immediately. He hugged Bai Anan and said,”Anan, wake up. Wake up. What’s wrong?” Hurry, get out of the way, I’m going to send her to the hospital!” 
– 
While Liang Liang was in a mess, Qiao Yiyi’s situation was very smooth. 
She followed Lu nanze out of the court and saw Liang Liang carrying Bai Anan into the ambulance in a hurry. 
She saw that Bai Anan’s pants were already stained with blood. Judging from the amount of blood, she knew that the child would not be able to survive. 
Although a six or seven-month-old baby could survive after birth, there was so much blood … 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t think about anything else. 
No matter how big a mistake an adult made, they should not involve their child. 
Therefore, she didn’t feel any joy at the abortion. 
She stared straight ahead and heard Lu nanze say,””Kaka is still at home. I’ll go back to see her.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze without saying a word. 
“Are you coming with me?” Lu nanze asked. 
The lawsuit had been settled and Lu nanze had helped her settle it. But at this moment, their relationship had suddenly become distant and distant. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze, not knowing how to face him. 
She shook her head.”l still have something to do. I have to go and visit Chen Yansheng.” 
Lu nanze nodded. 
Chen Yansheng was detained for 15 days for perjecting false evidence. 
Chen Yansheng would have to spend the next 15 days in the police station. 
It was reasonable for Qiao Yiyi to visit him. 
She did not look at Lu nanze. Instead, she walked to the side of the road, hailed a cab, and headed for the police station. 
What she did not see was that after she left, Lu nanze stood in the same spot, staring in the direction she had left for a very, very long time. 
Qiao Yiyi arrived at the police station. After discussing with the police, she met with Chen Yansheng. 
Chen Yansheng’s condition was very good. After all, he was only detained and not imprisoned, so it was nothing much. 
Qiao Yiyi sighed when she saw him. “1’ve still dragged you into this.” 
Chen Yansheng laughed. “Its nothing. It’S all my fault for not cooperating with you and being discovered. Othervvise, there wouldn’t be so many twists and turns.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Chen Yansheng was silent for a moment before he spoke,”” I heard that the last piece of evidence was found by Lu nanze when he was searching through the surveillance videos by the roadside?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes darkened and she nodded again. 
Chen Yansheng could not help but ask, “then, he should know everything, right?” 
Qiao Yiyi raised her head.”l don’t know.” 
Chen Yansheng fell silent once more. 
After a while, Qiao Yiyi stood up.”Stay here and relax. Fifteen days will pass by very quickly.” 
Chen Yansheng nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything more and turned to leave. 
After Qiao Yiyi left the police station, she strolled around the streets. 
She stared at the busy streets and looked at the strange yet familiar city after a few years. 
After work, she saw some women leading their children and smiling happily with their husbands as they played in the square. Suddenly, she yearned for such a mediocre life. 
If she could, she really wanted to be one of them. 
At the thought of this, she smiled bitterly. Shortly after, she took a taxi and went to the Lu family villa. 
She wanted to take Kaka home, but when she reached the Lu family’s house, she found Lu nanze waiting for her in the living room..
###Chapter 2008 – Who Trusted Who? Who Was Toying With Who?(38) 
It was already very late. 
When Qiao Yiyi arrived, the entire villa seemed to be empty. There weren’t many people around. 
Hesitantly, she made her way to the living room and saw that Lu nanze was the only person in the room, sitting on the sofa. 
He didn’t do anything and just sat there, obviously waiting for her. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and clenched her fists. 
She hesitated at the door for a moment, but in the end, she still walked in. 
After she entered the living room, she said,””Where’s Kaka?” 
On the way to the court today, in order to protect Kaka’s safety, he had sent Kaka to the Lu family’s house. After all, the security facilities here were more powerful than there. 
Lu nanze didn’t say a word. He just stared at her. 
Qiao Yiyi coughed and walked up to the second floor.”Is it in the bedroom upstairs?” 
After she said this, she went upstairs. 
However, she had only taken two steps when she heard Lu nanze don’t you have anything to say to me
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks. 
She stood there with her back to Lu nanze. After a long while, she turned around and smiled arrogantly.”What do you want to hear?” Are you questioning me?” 
Lu nanze didn’t know what to say to her overbearing tone. He paused for a moment, then said,””l want to hear what you have to say.” She understood everything she said, and he knew everything. 
However, there were some things that had to be said. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there, her body frozen. 
After a moment, she turned around and looked at Lu nanze.”When did you find out?” 
Lu nanze lowered his eyes.”On the night of the incident.” 
Qiao Yi was stunned.”You . 
“At that time, the Butler told me that he gave you 35 points to make the call, but you appeared in the club at 40 points. I had my suspicions. You left the club at 20. It should have been a 15-minute drive, but how did you return to the club in five minutes? This means that You’ve actually just left the club not long ago!” 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and stared at him.”And then?” 
‘Then, I was only suspicious at the time. Later, in order to prove your innocence, I got someone to check the surveillance videos of all the roads around the area and finally found your car.” 
He stood up,”you did leave the club room at 20 and appeared on the road at 22.” 
But I saw that you had 24 points, so I turned back!” 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi.”WUhen, why did you come back?” 
What did he come back for
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze and clenched her fists. She was still as stubborn as ever. She looked at Lu nanze in disdain.”Don’t you already know?” 
Lu nanze narrowed his eyes and asked “why?” 
Qiao Yiyi turned her head and looked into the distance. “There’s no reason. I just don’t like him. You know me. I’ve always been a ruthless person. This person wanted to molest me, so I killed him. Is it wrong?!” 
“Wuhen!” 
Hearing her words, Lu nanze panicked.”l know you’ve never been like this. You also know that I understand you. What’s the point of saying these things out of anger?” Why did you kill him? Even now, you still can’t trust me and tell me?” Why did he kill them
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. Her purpose in coming back to China was to kill! 
[PS: isn’t the plot turning around a little too quickly?] In fact, I’ve wanted to write a story for a long time. It’s similar to a thief God, the underworld, revenge, and so on-so I integrated it into this story. Of course, if you do something wrong, you must be punished by the law Sigh! Wu Hen was truly in a difficult situation. She had her own reasons.. See you tomorrow–
###Chapter 2009 – Who Trusted Who? Who Teased Who?(39) 
She stared at Lu nanze and wanted to shout out something. But as she opened her mouth, the words that came out of her mouth were,””I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
She couldn’t tell him … 
She had already implicated Chen Yansheng. If she were to tell him, if he were to find out her motive and stop her … 
Or rather, she could not implicate Lu nanze. 
Somehow, she believed that Lu nanze was not Liang Liang. Even if he knew the truth, he would not do anything to her. 
But she couldn’t say it. 
She looked steadily at Lu nanze, then lowered her head. She wanted to go upstairs, but she had only taken two steps when she stopped. 
She turned to look at Lu nanze and said with a smile,””Kaka will stay at your place for the time being. After all, it’s safer here.” 
Lu nanze did not say anything. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t wait for him to speak. She turned around and walked out. 
She was really stupid. 
What she was going to do next was more dangerous than the last. If she took 
Kaka away, she would also pass the danger to the child. 
Leaving Kaka here for Lu nanze’s protection was the best choice. 
At this thought, Qiao Yiyi raised her head again. 
Then, she straightened her back and walked out of the Lu family villa. 
He took a taxi and went back to his place. 
On the road, the neon lights flickered. 
She sat quietly in the back seat, turning her head to look at the sky. 
Because of the thick fog, only a few stars could be seen. 
She leaned there and looked up at it for a long time. 
I’ve heard of a legend before that after a person dies, they will become a star in the sky. 
Even though she now knew that it was fake, every time she thought of her mother, she couldn’t help but look up at the stars. She was looking for her mother’s star. Which one was it
She and her mother had been relying on each other since she was young. 
Her mother’s gentleness and teachings were deeply engraved in her bones. 
Her feelings for her mother were also more intense and attached to her than ordinary children. 
That was why she didn’t believe that she had betrayed her mother when her mother said that she and Liang Liang wouldn’t have a good ending. 
After that . 
She was waiting in Suzhou for her mother to pick her up. 
She had to pretend to be a weak Qiao Yiyi and hide in the Lu family to avoid being hunted down. 
Later, Lu nanze broke her heart and she left the place. 
She had gone overseas. 
At that time, all she could think about was how she would throw herself into her mother’s arms when she went abroad, hug her and say that she missed her ? Hug her and say that she was wrong. 
She hugged her and said that she would never leave her mother again. 
However, she had never expected that what welcomed her would be her mother’s portrait. 
In fact, she did not even see her mother’s final appearance. 
At that time, she thought that her mother had passed away because she was seriously injured, so she had fainted in pain. 
When she woke up, she didn’t say anything and just sealed herself in her own world. 
She could hear everyone outside coaxing her and talking to her, telling her that her mother’s death had nothing to do with her. But she didn’t want to hear it. 
She was living in guilt and did not want to have any contact with the outside world. 
Until that day Her mother’s most loyal subordinate, her own uncle li, rushed in front of her and shouted,””Do you think that your mother died because of you? I’m telling you, your mother isn’t that useless! She didn’t die from an incurable disease, she committed suicide!”
###Chapter 2010 – Who Trusted Who? Who Teased Who?(40) 
Suicide
She looked up in shock and disbelief. She stared at uncle li in shock.”How is this possible?” 
Uncle li sneered.”Otherwise, why do you think we cremated your mother’s body before you came?!” Because this was her last request before she died!” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at uncle li. 
She felt like she understood what he was saying, but at the same time, she felt like she didn’t understand what he was saying at all. 
She stared at him in shock and disbelief. 
Then, he heard uncle li coaxing his eyes and saying,””Your mother didn’t want me to tell you the truth. She was afraid that you would live in hatred for the rest of your life. But now that you look like you’re living a life worse than death, I might as well explain it to you! In order to save you, your mother was shot in the chest, but that shot just happened to miss! It missed her heart! That was why she had survived! It’s just that the bullet was too close to her heart, so we have to find the best surgeon in the world to operate on her. So, we went to Kang Lili. ‘ 
Kang deli was the best surgeon in the world, and he could perform the most delicate surgery. 
With him as the chief surgeon, it should not be a problem to remove the bullet. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at uncle li.”And then?” 
Uncle li sighed.”At that time, our power abroad was not strong enough, so we made a fatal mistake.” 
He lowered his head, revealing a sorrowful and heartbroken expression. 
“After the surgery, we all waited outside the operating room, but when we realized something was wrong, two days had already passed. We rushed into the operating room and saw that Kang Lili had fainted, and on the bed, your mother was no longer there! She Has been kidnapped!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes widened in shock. “Who kidnapped my mother?!” 
Uncle li was in tears. “You don’t know this. When your mother was young, she was as beautiful as you. After giving birth to you, she’s tall and straight. She’s also a famous beauty in the circle. She used to have some clients who pursued her when you were still young. However, your mother has high standards, so all these years, she has never taken a fancy to anyone. Theres a legend in the circle that the most difficult person to conquer in this world is your mother. ” 
Qiao Yiyi knew about this. 
That was why she had once been proud of it. 
Even though her mother had divorced her father and brought her to live alone, her mother had never been a frivolous person. 
She even offended a group of men who confessed to her. 
But at that time, her mother was almost 50 years old. Would there be a man Who would covet her beauty
She swallowed her saliva and did not know what to say. She just stared at uncle li.”And then?” 
“After that, we used all our power to search for her all over the world, but your mother disappeared without a trace. None of us knew where she went or where she was Until that day, we received the news and found traces of your mother. So, the group of us hurried over. But when we saw your mother, we were all shocked. ” 
As uncle Li said this, he suddenly knelt down. He covered his face and cried out again. 
“I didn’t protect your mother well. It’s our fault that she became like that .
###Chapter 2011 – Where Should She Go ... (1) 
Qiao Yiyi panicked and grabbed uncle li.”What does he look like?!” 
At that time, uncle li only cried. 
She stared at uncle li and suddenly didn’t dare to ask. 
Uncle li had always been a strong-willed person. She had never seen him cry since she was young. 
But that time, she had seen this man cry in despair. 
His crying made Qiao Yiyi realize that when they found her mother, she would definitely be … In a bad state. 
However, even though she had imagined so many bad things, she still did not expect that the final situation would be so bad. in. 
When they found her mother, she had been found in Thailand. 
Both her arms and legs had been chopped off, so she could only lie on the ground and be played like a monkey. 
Her tongue had been pulled out and she couldn’t speak. Her ears had also been destroyed. She was like a human swine and had become a person for people to see in a circus … 
Uncle li didn’t go into details. 
He had only said this much. 
Even now, Qiao Yiyi didn’t dare to think about the women in the circus. 
The irreversible damage would make her mother live in pain for the rest of her life even if she was saved. 
Perhaps, every second of living in this world was a form of torture for her. 
So, the moment she was saved, her mother chose to die to be free. 
When uncle li finished speaking, he buried himself in the ground and cried. 
Qiao Yiyi stared straight ahead and clutched at her heart. 
Her mother was such a proud, elegant, and distinguished person. 
In the end, he had died so miserably. 
She was furious. 
She wanted to take revenge for her mother. 
Because no matter what kind of hatred or resentment there was, no one could allow others to be so ruthless to a woman. 
After uncle li had finished crying, she waited for him to calm down before she asked?” “ Who did this?” 
Uncle li replied, it’s a group of rich young masters. They were abroad and occasionally found out that your mother needed Kang Li for surgery. And abroad is our relatively weak area, so they joined forces and set up such a trap. When I found Madam, I happened to catch one of them. I’ve asked them why they treated Madam like this. ‘ 
Qiao Yiyi looked at uncle li. “Why?” 
Her godly thief clan never killed people. They only stole things. 
She couldn’t imagine what could make someone hate her mother to this extent. 
She had thought that they had done something wrong. 
However, he had never thought that the reason would be so ridiculous. 
That was because the group of young masters felt that their mother was a legend in the circle, and it was an honor to conquer her. 
However, those young masters were timid. They were afraid that their mother would take revenge on them after she woke up from the anesthesia. 
That was why they wanted to destroy her mother, but they didn’t want to kill her. 
Because her existence was enough to prove how capable those people were. 
After some discussion, they decided to send her mother to the circus. 
Such a reason really made people not know whether to laugh or cry. 
However, it made Qiao Yiyi so angry that she was about to go crazy. 
She had never known that this could be a reason to destroy her mother. 
She swore that she would let those people get the punishment they deserved. 
So she returned to China. 
Her first target after returning to the country was Qian Jin. 
Because Qian Jin was one of those people. 
[PS: where should Qiao Yiyi go?] “Murder should be dealt with by the law. Actually, I’m a little lost after writing all this What do you guys think? I need to think about the plot after today’s update. See you tomorrow..”
###Chapter 2012 – Where Should She Go ... (2) 
When Liang Liang sent Bai Anan to the hospital, she was already unconscious. 
She was in a daze and couldn’t hear anything outside, nor could she feel the stimulation from the outside. When she woke up again, she subconsciously reached out and placed her hand on her stomach. 
However, he discovered that … That area was already flat. 
She was shocked and her eyes widened. She wanted to sit up, but the moment she moved, she felt a sharp pain in her lower abdomen. 
While she was still in shock, Bai Anan’s mother rushed up to her.”My precious daughter, you’re finally awake. You almost scared me to death!” Wuwu…If anything happens to you, I don’t want to live anymore!” 
Bai Anan looked at her mother in shock and asked,””Where Are My Children?” 
When mother Bai heard this, she suddenly didn’t dare to speak. She sighed and turned her head to the side. 
Bai Anan followed her gaze and saw Liang Liang standing beside her. 
She hurriedly sat up and grabbed Liang Liangs hand.”Liang Liang, where’s our child? Where are the kids?” 
Liang Liang kept silent for a while. After Bai Anan’s repeated questions, he finally said, “When ?I was born, I was already Gone.” 
No more 
What did he mean by gone
Bai Anan felt that she couldn’t understand what Liang Liang was talking about. 
She stared at Liang Liang in shock. She wanted to say something, but she couldn ‘t. 
After a long while, she finally realized that the child was gone. 
She reached out and covered her face with her hands, tears flowing down her cheeks. “‘My child, my child! Wuwuwuwu …” 
At this moment, she was not a scheming woman. She was not the evil person who wanted to kill Qiao Yiyi. She was just a weak mother who had lost her child. 
Liang Liang couldn’t help sighing when he saw her crying miserably. 
He sat on the edge of the bed and held Bai Anan’s hand. He stretched out his arms and held her in his arms. “Anan, it’S okay. We’ll have another child, okay?” she said. 
As soon as he said those words of comfort, Bai Anan suddenly raised her head. Her eyes were full of tears and hatred. 
She stared at Liang Liang and said with trembling lips after a while,””lt’s all her, it’s her! She’s the one who killed our child! If she didn’t kill someone, how could we have met her, and this child would still be fine It’s her! She’s a murderer 
“Anan!” Liang Liang shouted angrily, suppressing Bai Anan’s voice. “Are you still blaming her?!” 
Bai Anan pushed Liang Liang away. She was on the verge of a mental breakdown. She didn’t care about the pain in her abdomen that was caused by her vigorous exercise. She stared at Liang Liang and said,””Liang Liang, I don’t care. She killed my child! I want revenge! Also, she killed someone, so she must be brought to justice!” 
Liang Liang stared at Bai Anan and tried to reason with her.”Do you still think she killed her?” We’ve even found the surveillance video. She did leave the club at 22!” 
“Ha, can’t you come back after leaving? Didn’t our police station get a copy of someone else’s video? She was still in the club at 29 points! She’s the murderer, she 
“Anan!” Liang liangli shouted, interrupting her..
###Chapter 2013 – Where Should She Go ... (3) 
Bai Anan choked. She widened her eyes and stared at Liang Liang. Liang Liang looked at her in disappointment.”Are you still thinking about these things?” 
At this moment, Bai Anan blamed Qiao Yiyi for the loss of the child, so she didn’t listen to Liang Liang. She just looked at Liang Liang with a sneer.”I know you’re defending her, but do you know that you’ve been deceived by her? She’s using your belief to kill you! She was the murderer! All the evidence is real!” 
Liang Liang felt that Bai Anan was being unreasonable. At first, he was a little soft-hearted because she had just woken up and was crying her heart out. But at this moment, he felt that Bai Anan’s ferocious look when she shouted really made him feel disgusted. 
He took a step back and looked at Bai Anan and Mama Bai.””You must be tired. Have a good rest. I still have something to do at the police station. I’ll be leaving first.” 
Then, he walked out without looking back. 
Seeing him like this, Bai Anan immediately scolded him angrily,””Liang Liang! Stop right there! How could you do this! I’m your wife, and the one who’s going to die is your child. Are you going to abandon your wife and child for that B * tch? Liang Liang, come back, come back …” 
However, Liang Liang didn’t stay and left immediately. 
“Bang!” The cold door was closed mercilessly. Bai Anan felt as if something was stuck in her throat, and she could not say a word. 
In the end, all her emotions were suppressed in her heart, causing her to break down and hammer the blanket, shouting, 
Mother Bai was frightened and immediately grabbed Bai Anan’s hand. “Anan, Anan, don’t be sad. Your father will think of a way. That Vixen will die a horrible death!” Don’t worry!” 
Bai Anan cried and grabbed her mother’s hand.”Why did she come back?” Why did he come back? Wuwu, where’s my father? I want to find my father …” 
Just as he said this, the door to the ward was opened again, and director Bai walked in. 
When Bai Anan saw him, her tears fell again.”Dad, you must avenge me!” 
Director Bai frowned and stared at Bai Anan. His heart ached at the thought of the grandson he had lost. 
He only had one daughter, and she was his first child. Of course, he was looking forward to it, but he did not expect 
Director Bai snorted and took a step forward.”An ‘an, I’ve never been able to figure out why Qiao Yiyi would kill someone. Just now, I received a piece of news that very few people know. Do you know what her motive was
Bai Anan shook her head. 
“Her mother is dead,” director Bai said immediately.”She was tortured to death by those people. So, she came back this time to take revenge! ” 
Bai Anan frowned.”But now, Qian Jin’s case has come to this. We can’t get any direct evidence. What should we do?” 
Director Bai sneered.”Qian Jin’s case is over, but she can’t just kill this one person. There’s another one.” 
“Next?” 
“Yes, as far as I know, the next one should be Li Hang from Huarun media.” 
Li Hang. 
Qiao Yiyi was in the villa, reading the news about this person. She picked up a pen and crossed out his name. 
It’s your turn..
###Chapter 2014 – Where Should She Go ... (4) 
At this moment, more than half a month had passed. 
Chen Yansheng was released and was sitting opposite her.”I’ve been observing this person for a long time. He’s usually very cautious and rarely goes out alone. However, it just so happens that he’s going to meet a client next Wednesday at the charm Club. Coincidentally, I’m also going to meet a client there. The client I’m going to meet is someone I’ve already arranged to meet. He’s right behind me, so if something happens to him in the club, it shouldn’t be us. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded when she heard this. 
Chen Yansheng stared at her and hesitated for a moment. After confirming it again and again, he asked,””Are you sure … You really want to go …” 
Qiao Yiyi sneered and lowered her eyes.”You have to know that it’s too late for me to stop now.” 
Chen Yansheng immediately fell silent and did not speak anymore. 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything else. She only discussed the layout of the club with Chen Yansheng, including how to enter the private room, how to leave, and how to leave Li Hang alone in the private room 
Qiao Yiyi took a deep breath after they had finished discussing all the matters. 
After sending Chen Yansheng off, she stood outside and looked at the sky outside. She took a deep breath. 
“What have you been doing for the past half a month?” Chen Yansheng asked. 
I’ve been recuperating in the villa since my hand was injured, “Qiao Yiyi replied. Look, it’s all good now. ” 
After he finished speaking, he raised his hand and showed it to Chen Yansheng. 
Chen Yansheng sighed.”He knows?” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t say anything. 
“You two didn’t meet in the past half a month?” Chen Yansheng continued. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
She was avoiding him on purpose. 
In fact, she hadn’t even seen Kaka in the past half a month. 
When a person had killing intent, she would show it in her usual actions. She didn’t want to let those emotions pass to Kaka. 
She was not a good mother. 
But now, she could only choose to do so. 
Chen Yansheng stretched out his hand and patted her shoulder. “Boss, since you’ve chosen this path, you’re destined to be alone for the rest of your life. 
Have you really Thought it through?” 
There was nothing that could never be found out. 
In the endi when the truth was out, she would definitely be wanted by the whole country. At that time, she would not be able to take Kaka with her and live a wandering life like before. 
In fact, she had already thought about it when she brought Kaka back to China, right
When everything was over, she would give Kaka to Lu nanze and let him live under the sun. 
After sending Chen Yansheng off, Qiao Yiyi returned to the villa. 
His cell phone suddenly rang. 
Qiao Yi picked up and heard uncle Li’s voice.”Wuhen, are you ready?” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t reply. 
‘You have to avenge your mother, no matter what it takes,” uncle li continued. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded.”I understand.” 
After hanging up the phone, she leaned back on the sofa. 
After a while, there was a knock on the door. 
She was slightly taken aback. She walked over and opened the door, only to hear the sound of a door opening. “Mother! ” 
Then, Kaka rushed in. 
She hadn’t seen her daughter for half a month, and she missed her daughter so much that she immediately bent down and picked Kaka up. 
Lu nanze followed behind her and walked in. When he saw her, he immediately said,””Recently, Li Hang has a lot of police around him.” 
[PS: I’ve already thought of a way to crack this joke–well, it’ll be more exciting later.] The ending would definitely be perfect. Don’t worry, see you tomorrow..
###Chapter 2015 – Where Should She Go ... (5) 
Qiao Yiyi’s arms around Kaka paused. 
She raised her head and looked at Lu nanze. Frowning, she retorted,””What does that have to do with me?” 
Lu nanze’s heart ached at the sight of her conflicted expression and the hatred and killing intent that had engulfed her. re? 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi and said,””I mean, director Bai and Bai Anan have their eyes on Li Hang. You’re in danger.” 
He took a step forward and reached out to grab Qiao Yiyi’s hand.”Yiyi, can you slow down? Can you …” 
Before he could finish his sentence, Qiao Yiyi flung his hand away. 
She stared at Lu nanze and a wave of unprecedented irascibility suddenly surged in her heart. 
She bit her lip and said,”let go of me!” It’s my business, you don’t have to worry about it!” 
As she was about to turn around, Kaka’s small hand suddenly touched her face. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. All her emotions disappeared in this pair of soft little hands. 
She stared at Kaka and saw that Kaka’s eyes were wide open and he looked at her in horror. “Mom, what’s wrong? Are you angry? Are you not happy?’ ‘Mom, don’t be unhappy. I’ll give you my best doll, okay?” she said. 
“Or, mom, I’ll take you to eat doughnuts, okay?” 
‘Mom, don’t be unhappy. If you’re unhappy, Kaka will be unhappy too. Kaka is going to cry …” 
At this point, little Kaka’s eyes were suddenly filled with tears. 
Seeing her like this, Qiao Yiyi’s heart immediately softened. 
She immediately said, “mommy isn’t unhappy. Mommy has always been here. Kaka, be good. Kaka, don’t cry ” 
Little Kaka reached out his hand and wrapped it around her neck. In the end, he still cried, “mommy, mommy, I miss you so much. I haven’t seen you for so many days. Do you not want me anymore, mommy
Every word of his was like a heavy hammer, pounding on Qiao Yiyi’s heart. It made her heart clench tightly and hurt. 
She stared at Kaka and suddenly couldn’t bear to part with him. 
Yes, she couldn’t bear to part with Kaka. 
She had raised the child for four years. If she killed someone, she would have to live a wandering life, or she would be brought to justice in the end What would happen to Kaka
For the first time, her thoughts were a little broken. She didn’t know what to do. She only knew that at this moment, she didn’t want to let go of the child in her hands. She wanted to be with Kaka forever. 
Thinking of this, she hugged Kaka and turned to sit on the sofa. 
She lowered her head and remained silent, but she did not reject Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze walked to her side and said with a sigh,””I’ve found out about your mother. 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. She looked up at Lu nanze. 
The thing she didn’t want anyone to know about the most was her mother’s matter. 
Her mother was such a proud person, but she ended up like that . 
Lu nanze ignored her emotions and continued,””lf I can find out, then so can director Bai.. I think they’ve already seen through your motive for killing! As for Qian Jin’s case, there’s no direct evidence, but they’ll set a trap for Li Hang and wait for you!”
###Chapter 2016 – Where Should She Go ... (6) 
Qiao Yiyi sneered.”Do they think that their so-called trap can trap me?” 
When Lu nanze heard this, he was silent for a moment before he said,””You’re no longer the same person as you were five years ago. ” 
Five years ago, she almost got caught by Liang Liang even though she could come and go as she pleased. 
Moreover, she had given birth to a child, so her physical fitness and spiritual activity were far from what they used to be. 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she said proudly,”why do you think I could suppress my hatred for five years before coming back? Do you think that I’ve been nursing my child for the past five years?” 
The first year she gave birth, she didn’t do much. However, in the next few years, she studied hard. Although her spirit energy was not as strong as before, her strength was much more than before! It could also be considered as making up for his previous weakness. 
Lu nanze clenched his jaw and stared at her.”What if?” he asked. 
What if she was caught
What if she was injured
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head. “I’ve already prepared for the worst.” 
At worst, he would be shot dead on the spot by the police. 
Othervvise, as long as she could live, she would not let her mother die so miserably. 
After she said this, she ignored Lu nanze and stood up with Kaka in her arms.”l’m going upstairs to play with Kaka for a while. You take it away later.” 
Lu nanze’s mouth twitched as if he wanted to say something, but Qiao Yiyi’s cold aura and her cold, unapproachable aura stopped him from saying anything. i?r． o
Qiao Yiyi went upstairs with Kaka. 
She placed Kaka on the bed, then took off her shoes and got on the bed. 
Kaka immediately pounced on her and pressed down on her body. “Mom, I missed you so much!” 
Then, he gave her a kiss on the cheek. 
That childlike happiness and the softness that came from the bottom of her heart made Qiao Yiyi hug her in the end. 
Qiao Yiyi and Kaka played for the whole day. 
In the evening, she carried Kaka and went downstairs. 
Downstairs, Lu nanze picked up his phone and aimed it at them. “Look here.” Kaka immediately waved his hand and laughed very happily. 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to refuse, but when she saw Kaka’s face, she didn’t say it. She took a picture with Kaka. 
After taking the photo, Kaka let go of Qiao Yiyi’s neck and ran to Lu nanze. 
Then he jumped and said,””Daddy, let me see if Kaka is pretty.” 
Lu nanze passed the phone to Kaka and walked over to Qiao Yiyi. 
“Are you still sticking to your principles?” he asked. 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
Lu nanze lowered his eyes.”What about Kaka?” 
Where’s Kaka
Qiao Yiyi looked at Kaka who was playing with his phone and smiled. “She has you.” 
Lu nanze might not be a good husband, but he was definitely a good father. 
Lu nanze stared at Qiao Yiyi and said,”but Kaka needs his mother more.” 
Qiao Yiyi smiled.”l’ve raised her for five years.” Lu nanze, I’ll leave her to you from now on. ” 
Qiao Yiyi said to Kaka,”Kaka, it’s late, can you follow dad? I have to go to work tomorrow, so I can’t bring Kaka-” 
Upon hearing this, Kaka pouted.”Mommy, can’t you be with Kaka?” 
“I can 
“Mommy, will you go and watch Kaka?” 
“I will.” 
“Really?” 
“It’S true.. ”
###Chapter 2017 – Where Should She Go ... (7) 
“Alright, then Kaka will obediently follow daddy and wait for mommy to come and take me home~” 
Kaka didn’t cry as Qiao Yiyi had expected. Instead, he was so obedient that it made her heart ache. 
Her words made Qiao Yiyi feel even more guilty. 
She nodded and reached out her hand.”Mom, we’ll hang ourselves for a hundred years! You have to come and take Kaka home. Otherwise, mom will be a little dog~” 
Qiao Yiyi smiled. 
She squatted down, reached out her hand, and hooked it with Kaka. 
Kaka looked at her seriously.”Mom, you said that I’ll do what I do. That means I’ll do whatever you do, so mom, you can’t go back on your word~” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned. 
She stared at Kaka but couldn’t say a word. ?a. 
Finally, she slowly said,”Kaka, you must remember. You must keep your promise to others. Do you understand?” 
Kaka nodded in confusion. 
“Alright, good child, follow daddy.” 
Qiao Yiyi touched Kaka’s head and it nodded. As she followed Lu nanze out, she turned back. 
When she reached the door, she waved her small hands. “Mommy, come and pick up Kaka quickly. Kaka is very sensible. It won’t cry or make a fuss anymore. Mommy, actually, if you go to work, Kaka can go to school alone. Mommy, Kaka doesn’t want anything, Kaka only wants you . 
Qiao Yiyi almost couldn’t keep her smile when she heard what she said. 
When Kaka and Lu nanze finally disappeared out the door, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t hold it in any longer. She sat on the sofa in a daze, staring ahead. 
For the first time, she couldn’t help but wonder if she was doing the right thing. 
Her mother had already passed away, but she was going to abandon her daughter for her mother
However, she had no other way out. 
It was soon Wednesday. 
Qiao Yi got up early in the morning and tidied herself up. 
She put on a tight-fitting outfit inside and put on normal clothes outside. Then, she looked at herself in the mirror for a long time before patting her face and walking out in big steps. 
Li Hang, today is the day you die! 
Her eyes were vicious as she walked to the door and saw Chen Yansheng coming to pick her up. 
Chen Yansheng looked at her and did not say anything. 
He just drove her to the club. 
After getting off the car at the club, Chen Yansheng  have an appointment with the client at 1 p.m. This afternoon. We’re in Room 305, and Li Hang is in Room 405. I’ve observed that the windows are open to maintain the air flow. With your skills, it’s easy to go from 305 to 405. I’ll think of a way to make Li Hang stay in Room 405 alone. However, I can only give you five minutes. Is that enough time?” 
“It’s enough,” Qiao Yiyi said. 
Chen Yansheng nodded. After a while, he looked at Qiao Yiyi. “You can’t leave any traces behind. I will be waiting for you in the private room. After the incident, I will be your witness and I can prove that you didn’t kill anyone.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded again. 
Chen Yansheng took a deep breath.”Let’s start then.” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and followed behind Chen Yansheng. 
The two of them walked towards private room 305. On the way , Qiao Yiyi noticed that many of the staff in the club seemed to be acting strangely. 
No matter how hard they tried to disguise themselves, they couldn’t hide from Qiao Yiyi. They were all police officers..
###Chapter 2018 – Where Should She Go ... (8) 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes narrowed when she saw them. 
If she could see through this group of people, then Chen Yansheng would naturally be able to see through them too. 
Chen Yansheng furrowed her brows as she tugged at Qiao Yiyi. 
The two of them soon arrived at private room 305. 
The moment the door closed, Chen Yansheng immediately searched the room and found a pinhole camera and two listening devices. 
After destroying these things, Chen Yansheng made sure that there were no other surveillance devices in the room. Then, he looked at Qiao Yiyi.”It seems that the police have already noticed something. Everyone is prepared. Boss, let’s cancel the operation!” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Chen Yansheng and spoke after a while,””No,” 
“Boss!” 
Qiao Yiyi sneered.”lf the police know, then Li Hang must know as well. Li Hang might come today, but what about after a few days?” I’m afraid we won’t be able to find another chance to kill him! Therefore, we must kill him with one strike today!” 
Chen Yansheng furrowed her brows and stared at her. After a long while, she heaved a sigh of relief.”Boss, between us, you have always been the one to make the decision. Since you’ve made your decision, then I can only accompany you to the end.” 
He picked up the computer and typed quickly,”in an hour, all the surveillance equipment in the club will stop working. Li Hang’s customers would also be called away by the waiter after an hour. It’s still the same, you only have five minutes. And now, the difficulty has increased. Who knows how many police officers are watching you in this club. They’ll immediately notice if you make a move. If you’re caught red-handed, then You can only surrender. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded when she heard this. 
She walked to Chen Yansheng’s side and stared at his computer screen. The surveillance information had already been sent over from the surveillance room. She tried her best to think of a way to get to Room 405 without being discovered. 
After a while, she lowered her eyes. “I’ve thought about it. ” 
40 minutes later, the door of private room 305 opened. 
Qiao Yiyi, who was disguised as Chen Yansheng, walked out with her head lowered and went to the men’s bathroom outside. 
After meeting up with the person who had been waiting for a long time, that person changed into Chen Yansheng’s clothes and lowered his head again, avoiding the cameras and returning to the private room. From the looks of it, Chen Yansheng had gone to the toilet. 
But at this moment, Qiao Yiyi was already outside. 
She changed into tights and nimbly dodged all the surveillance equipment. She took the stairs and went upstairs. 
The staff members upstairs were all walking around. It seemed that it would be a little difficult to enter this room. 
Qiao Yiyi narrowed her eyes and went upstairs. 
She found a room on the fifth floor and went in. She turned on the air conditioner and went in through the mezzanine between the floors to reach Room 405. 
In private room 405. 
Li Hang was extremely nervous. Obviously, the police had already told him. 
But what Qiao Yiyi didn’t expect was that Bai Anan would be there. 
She had just had a miscarriage for half a month. Shouldn’t she be in the hospital now
Bai Anan stared at Li Hang. “Don’t be nervous. We’re all here. Nothing will happen.” 
“Then don’t go out!” Li Hang said. 
Bai Anan comforted him, “if we don’t go out, how can she come?” There’s someone in the room, so she won’t come in. But don’t worry, we’ll be at the door and there’ll be people watching her from the window. As long as she comes, we’ll definitely see her!” 
[PS: I’m done updating.. See you tomorrow-]
###Chapter 2019 – : Where Should She Go ... (9) 
When Li Hang heard Bai Anan’s words, he became nervous. 
He swallowed his saliva and turned to look at the window, afraid that someone would rush in. 
He stared at Bai Anan.”Forget it. I think it’s a little silly to wait here even though I know someone is trying to kill me. I’ll go home first. I want to go home …” 
Hearing this, Bai Anan quickly said,””Don’t worry, it’s really fine. I’m telling you, wuhen can’t kill you! There were so many police officers! If she can still sneak in, then are we all useless?” 
Li Hang immediately asked,”what’s the use of you guys now?” She killed Qian Jin, and none of you have any backup plans! And now you want me to be suspected to obtain evidence? let me tell you, if anything happens to me, my family will definitely not let you off!” 
Bai Anan nodded.”I understand, I know. Alright, just stay here. We’ll be here in ten minutes at most. I’m telling you, it’ll only take ten minutes. She can’t kill you!” 
Li Hang took a deep breath. He was so scared that his face turned pale, and he looked very embarrassed. 
He stared at Bai Anan and finally nodded. 
Bai Anan patted his shoulder. When she turned to leave, she looked up at the ceiling. 
Then, she left without any further action. 
“Captain Bai,” someone asked after they left the room, “we received news that wuhen came through the air conditioner. Why did you 
When Bai Anan heard this, she immediately turned around and looked warily at the person behind her. She then sneered. “So what if we have caught wuhen? She didn’t kill anyone! And let me tell you, an attempted murder and a murderer are different. ” 
When the police officers behind him heard this, they were stunned. 
The next moment, he understood what she meant. He looked at Bai Anan in shock.”Captain Bai, you mean 
Bai Anan sneered. “Wait for my orders and rush in. Don’t rush in too early!” 
Otherwise, they would have wasted their time if wuhen did not kill Li Hang. 
What she wanted was a murderer, not a murderer with an attempted murder! 
They couldn’t find any evidence for Qian Jin’s case, but Li Hang had to be caught red-handed! 
The police officer behind her was stunned when he heard what she said. He looked at her in shock and lowered his head. “What should we do now
‘What do we do? Of course, transfer the personnel outside so that wuhen could hurry over! If she doesn’t think of an exhaust, we’ll create an easier way for her to enter the private room!” 
‘Yes.” 
After Bai Anan finished her arrangements, she stared at Room 405 and sneered. 
Wuhen, this time, you’re dead. Just wait to be caught! 
Qiao Yiyi was hiding on the ceiling. Of course, she heard and saw everything that happened in the room. 
She knew that Bai Anan would not let her go. 
But now, as long as she jumped down and killed someone, Bai Anan would probably see everything in the room. 
At that thought, Qiao Yiyi started looking for surveillance cameras in the room. 
Finally, she saw it. She sneered and took out the chewing gum that she had been chewing on. With a wave of her hand, she stuck the chewing gum on the camera..
###Chapter 2020 – Where Should She Go ... (10) 
In the monitoring room. 
The camera suddenly went black. 
Immediately, a police officer stood up and looked at Bai Anan.”Captain Bai, they’re here. Should we rush in now?” 
Bai Anan frowned. 
She didn’t expect wuhen to be so cunning as to find the surveillance camera directly. 
However, if she rushed in now … Li Hang was definitely not dead. Wuhen could say that she was just joking. If that happened, she would not be able to convict Li Hang. 
At the thought of this, Bai Anan’s eyes flashed with viciousness. She snorted coldly.”No need, just wait a little longer.” 
“But Captain, the safety of the people inside can’t be guaranteed!” 
Bai Anan immediately glared at him.”Are you the captain, or am I the captain?” i. c?
That person immediately stopped talking. He just stared at the black screen anxiously. 
When the police officers in the room heard this, they all looked at Bai Anan. 
All of them had complicated expressions in their eyes. 
They were the People’s Police and it was necessary to protect the lives and safety of the people. But now 
The police were similar to the soldiers. They had to obey their superiors ‘orders. They couldn’t do anything now, but that didn’t stop them from looking down on Bai Anan. 
Bai Anan stared at the camera and then looked down at her phone. 
She had to control the time. Otherwise, if Wu Hen escaped, she would not be able to link the murder to him! 
As time passed, Bai Anan became nervous and anxious. 
In the private room. 
Qiao Yiyi put on her mask and jumped down from the ceiling. 
When Li Hang saw her, he stood up in horror and waved his hands in panic.”You ..” 
Before he could finish, Qiao Yiyi stuffed something into his mouth. He wanted to struggle, but he was not as strong as Qiao Yiyi. 
Soon, he was tied up by Qiao Yiyi and was lying on the ground like a salted fish. 
Qiao Yiyi held a dagger in her hand and stared at Li Hang. 
As long as the dagger was stabbed into his heart, he would die. 
He widened his eyes in horror and stared at her. That look revealed the weakness of a person before death. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered and squatted down. She waved the knife in front of him and said,”Do you know why I want to kill you?” 
Li Hang was so scared that his whole body was trembling. He wanted to say something, but he couldn’t say anything. 
Qiao Yiyi smiled bitterly. “You think it’s scary now?” she asked. However, when you treated my mother like that, did you ever think about how terrifying she was? Have you ever thought about how much pain my mother is in?” 
She stared at Li Hang, and her eyes gradually became fierce and cold.”A life for a life, this is a principle that everyone knows. So now, let me walk the path for the heavens!” 
After saying this, she raised the dagger and stared at Li Hang. A trace of hesitation flashed in her eyes. Then, she suddenly stabbed Li Hangs chest! 
At that moment, the door was suddenly pushed open! 
Bai Anan was in the surveillance room, counting the time. 
After five minutes, she finally said,””Charge in!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, the door of the private room was pushed open by the police. The SWAT team broke in.. “Don’t move, everyone, don’t move! 
You, all of you, raise your hands!”
###Chapter 2021 – Where Should She Go ... (11) 
Immediately, Bai Anan rushed in. 
She sneered and looked at Qiao Yiyi, who was standing in the middle of the room.”Wuhen, we’ve caught you red-handed this time!” Let’s see what else you have to say!” 
After she said this, she turned her head and looked into the room. 
However, the room was empty. Li Hang’s body was nowhere to be found. 
Bai Anan frowned and asked Qiao Yiyi,””Where’s Li Hang?” 
Qiao Yiyi sneered.”That’s a funny question. How would I know?” 
“How do you know? After you killed him, where did you throw him? He was in the room just now. How did he disappear?” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes.”Well, I can’t be sure. Maybe he felt that this private room wasn’t good, so he left first.” 
“This is impossible!” Bai Anan said,”our people have been keeping watch …” 
“Keep watch? Are you sure?” Qiao Yiyi seemed to be smiling, but her expression was one of pain and desolation. There was even a hint of calmness and despair. 
Bai Anan couldn’t understand her expression at that moment. She only thought that it was her behavior after killing someone. 
She glared at Qiao Yiyi.”Then why are you here?!” 
“This is the club. Room 405 is reserved for the guests. Li Hang invited me here, so of course I can be here.” 
Bai Anan sneered. “How could Li Hang have invited you?” 
“How would I know? I just received a call from him and he told me to look for him, so I came. As for the rest How about you meet Li Hang and confront him face to face
Bai Anan immediately understood. “Li Hang is dead now. There’s no evidence. You can push all the blame to him?” However, I don’t believe that you can kill someone and erase all the evidence in five minutes!” 
After saying this, she waved her hand,””You guys investigate! It was impossible for Li Hang’s body to be thrown out in just five minutes! The two of you, go to the private room next door and take a look. The two of you, go upstairs and downstairs. The few of you, search the room!” 
After the order was given, Bai Anan walked straight to the sofa next to the private room and sat down. She stared at Qiao Yiyi.”You’re so stubborn. But this time, wuhen, I won’t let you off!” 
She narrowed her eyes and stared at Wu Hen. She sneered and said, ” “I will definitely find evidence of your murder and bring you to justice! This can also be considered as revenge for my unborn child! ” 
Qiao Yiyi found his words funny.”What does your child have to do with me?” 
Bai Anan stared at her.”lf I didn’t want to see you in court, I would have gone to the hospital immediately. If I had gone to the hospital immediately, my child would have been fine!” 
Qiao Yiyi felt that there was something wrong with Bai Anan’s brain. 
How could such logic be valid
She didn’t say anything. 
Bai Anan stared at the person beside her. 
They had searched all the places in the room that could fit a person, but there was nothing. 
Bai Anan furrowed her brows when she noticed that Qiao Yiyi was looking in the direction of the bathroom. 
She immediately understood and pointed to the bathroom. “”Go investigate! ” 
As soon as he finished speaking, someone walked to the bathroom and pushed open the bathroom door!nr. c?
###Chapter 2022 – Where Should She Go ... (12) 
Bai Anan stood up excitedly. 
There was nothing in the room, Upstairs, Downstairs, and next door. Moreover, there were people watching from the outside, so it was impossible to drop anything in this room. 
However, Li Hang’s body was gone. This was enough to prove that Li Hang’s body was definitely in the bathroom! 
She took two steps forward and excitedly walked to the door.”Wuhen, let’s see what you have to say now!” 
However, as soon as he finished speaking, a baby-like voice shouted,””Mom, Kaka is in the toilet. Why are there so many people rushing in? What are they doing?” 
Bai Anan was stunned when she heard that. She looked at the bathroom in disbelief. 
—— 
Five minutes ago. 
Qiao Yiyi’s dagger was about to stab Li Hang’s chest when the door suddenly opened. 
She thought that it was Bai Anan who had rushed in. Her pupils shrank. Just as she was about to kill Li Hang, she suddenly heard a soft voice.”Mom!” 
Qiao Yiyi’s body stiffened. The dagger in her hand stopped moving. She turned around and saw Lu nanze standing at the door with Kaka in his arms. 
She widened her eyes in shock and stared at the door in disbelief. 
Kaka had already jumped down from Lu nanze’s body and was pouncing on 
Qiao Yiyi.”Mom, mom, you’re really here!” Dad said that I can find you here! But mom, what are you doing? Are you and this uncle playing a game of police catching bad people? Kaka also wants to play!” 
She didn’t care about the dagger in Qiao Yiyi’s hand and rushed over. 
Qiao Yiyi was afraid that the dagger would hurt Kaka, so she threw it far away. 
She hugged Kaka and stood up.”Why are you here?!” 
She was saying this to Lu nanze. 
When Lu nanze heard this, he pursed his lips and said,””Kaka missed you.” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her eyes and said angrily, “Even so, you shouldnrt have brought her here!” 
To witness this bloody scene! 
She knew that she was wrong. 
She also knew that she had chosen this path herself. 
Even if Lu nanze wanted to stop her, he shouldn’t have used such a method. 
As She was thinking about this, she heard Lu nanze sigh. “Because right now, the only thing that can wake you up is Kaka.” 
Qiao Yiyi was shocked when she heard that. 
She lowered her head again and looked at Kaka, who was waiting for her with his grape-like black eyes. 
She suddenly knew that the murder today could not be completed. 
Even if she hated Li Hang and wanted to take revenge for her mother, she couldn’t kill in front of Kaka. 
Her mother had already passed away. She didn’t want uncle li to tell her the truth at the beginning because she didn’t want her to take revenge. 
And she couldn’t let Kaka have any psychological shadow for the sake of her mother. 
She lowered her eyes and hugged Kaka tightly without saying a word. ?аd. ?om
Time returned to normal. 
Bai Anan looked at the two people who came out of the bathroom and was shocked beyond words. 
“Why are you here?!” She asked in shock. 
After she said this, she narrowed her eyes. Did you hide Li Hang’s body after killing him? Did Mr. Lu help you?” 
As soon as she said this, she heard another sound from the bathroom.”Wu, Wu…”
###Chapter 2023 – Where Should She Go ... (13) 
Everyone was shocked by his words. 
Bai Anan stared at Li Hang and saw him coming out of the bathroom, trembling with fear. 
Li Hang didn’t die
He actually didn’t die! 
Bai Anan clenched her fists and frowned. 
After a while, Bai Anan rushed to Li Hang.”Mr. Li, it’s great that you’re fine! What happened in the room just now? There are still marks on your body. Did wuhen want to kill you? Mr. Li, hurry up and tell us, we will definitely give you justice!” 
Even if Li Hang didn’t die, as long as Li Hang sued traceless, he would be convicted! 
Now that the murder was invalid, he could put wuhen in jail for attempted murder! 
As long as they entered a prison cell, it would at most be a little troublesome. However, it was not a complicated thing to let a person die quietly in prison. 
Bai Anan looked at Li Hang excitedly, waiting for his answer. 
But … 
When the police were about to break in, Lu nanze had dragged Li Hang and 
Kaka into the bathroom so that Li Hang could hear what Bai Anan had said. 
Bai Anan kept saying that Li Hang was dead, which made Li Hangs heart jump! 
He was also a businessman. Of course, he knew that Bai Anan didn’t care about his life at all! 
In fact, Bai Anan had come so late on purpose! 
That’s right! 
If wuhen had entered the room from the ceiling and the police outside did not notice, it would be excusable. 
However, Lu nanze had carried Kaka and walked straight through the corridor without the police noticing. He had deliberately let them off! 
So, although Li Hang was scared to death, he still stared at Bai Anan with an unprecedented hatred in his eyes. 
He felt his legs go soft. 
At this moment, instead of hating Wu Hen, he hated Bai Anan first! 
He stared at Bai Anan. “Detective Bai,” he said,”is this what you meant by ensuring my safety?!” 
Bai Anan choked when she heard that. She immediately explained,””Mr. Li, let me explain. I 
Li Hang’s whole body was trembling. No one who had just saved their life from the hands of the god of death would have a good time. 
He waved his hand and said, “just wait for my lavvyer’s letter! I cooperated with you guys, but you guys treated me like this. It’s really sad!” 
When Bai Anan heard this, she immediately clenched her jaw and Li, our common enemy is wuhen. Before you do this, shouldn’t you think carefully? As long as wuhen is not caught, your safety will not be guaranteed!” 
Li Hang sneered.”She’s been back for so many days, and I’ve been fine at home the whole time. Instead, I cooperated with you and almost killed you …” 
Li Hang looked at wuhen. 
Her thin body stood there, exuding a kind of sharp feeling. For some reason, Li Hang thought of her mother when he saw her. 
Frowning, he thought of what Lu nanze had said in the washroom. 
If he pointed out that wuhen was the one who wanted to kill him, Lu nanze would not let him off. 
In fact Lu nanze had just saved his life, so he had to give him face. 
At this thought, he looked at Bai Anan.. Under her expectant gaze, he said word by word, ”
###Chapter 2024 – Where Should She Go ... (14) n?ea. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Just now, Mr. Lu brought his wife and child into the private room to discuss some issues with me. I’m the one who’s feeling strange about you guys barging in so suddenly. If there’s nothing else, can we leave now? Also, detective Bai, my lawyer will not let you off easily!” 
At this point, he pushed Bai Anan away and strode out without even looking at wuhen. 
Li Hang quickly left the private room of the club. Bai Anan stood there, her face livid with anger. 
Qiao Yiyi sneered.”Detective Bai, is there anything else you need? If there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving first!” 
As she said this, she lowered her eyes and immediately walked out. 
She had only taken two steps when she heard Lu nanze’s voice from behind her.”I’ll go with you.” 
Lu nanze followed closely behind Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi did not meet up with Chen Yansheng again. Instead, she followed him to the underground parking lot. 
Lu nanze opened the door to the back seat for her and Qiao Yiyi got in obediently. 
Kaka went into her arms. 
The child was still young and didn’t understand what had just happened, but she understood the emotions of the adults. 
So, her small hands clutched Qiao Yiyi’s neck tightly. It seemed that she would not let go no matter what. 
She looked at Qiao Yiyi.”Mom, you have to be with Kaka forever, okay?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart ached. 
She stared at Kaka and nodded after a while. 
Kaka didn’t seem to be at ease. He grabbed Qiao Yiyi’s hand. 
For a moment, no one spoke in the car, and the atmosphere seemed to be very harmonious. 
The car arrived at the Lu family’s Villa in no time. Lu nanze stopped the car and was about to open the door for Qiao Yiyi when she opened the door herself. Then, she carried Kaka and walked upstairs to the bedroom. 
After such a long time, Kaka was very sleepy. He was so sleepy that his eyes were closed, but he still held on to Qiao Yiyi’s clothes tightly. 
When they were upstairs, Qiao Yiyi placed her on the bed. Little Kaka asked, “Mom, will you leave me
Qiao Yiyi looked at her and shook her head. 
Kaka was relieved. He closed his eyes and soon fell asleep. 
However, the child didn’t sleep well. She had to hold onto Qiao Yiyi’s hand tightly to be able to sleep. 
After more than half an hour, Kaka finally couldn’t resist the sleepiness and fell into a deep sleep. 
Qiao Yiyi let go of her hand and stood by her bed. She looked at her for a while before leaving the room. 
In the living room downstairs, Lu nanze was sitting on the sofa. 
The housekeeper and Butler had all disappeared. Lu nanze must have driven them away. 
They were the only two people in the living room. 
When Qiao Yiyi saw him, she lowered her eyes and head. She went downstairs and walked past him silently. Then, she walked to the entrance. 
“One one one …” 
Qiao Yiyi ignored him. 
Lu nanze stood up and said,”wuhen.” 
Qiao Yiyi continued to ignore him and put on her shoes with her head lowered. 
Seeing her like this, Lu nanze finally couldn’t hold it in. He walked to the entrance and grabbed Qiao Yiyi’s arm.”Listen to me …” 
At these words, Qiao Yiyi exploded. She stood up straight and pushed Lu nanze’s arm away.. She looked at him and shouted, “”Say what? Tell me how great you are today?”
###Chapter 2025 – Where Should She Go ... (15) 
Qiao Yiyi stared at Lu nanze, her face twisted and contorted. 
She was so agitated that her entire body was trembling. She stared at Lu nanze and sneered,”tell me how you saved a young girl who lost her way?!” Or is it that I shouldn’t have done this, and you are so righteous and great? Lu nanze, do you know that if I don’t kill him today, I may not have the chance to do so in the future?” 
Lu nanze’s pupils shrank at her words. 
He stared at Qiao Yiyi and said after a while,””Wuhen, that’s not what I meant. I …” 
“Then what do you mean? You didn’t even discuss it with me and ruined my lies for the past half a month! If you bring Kaka along, you’ll be forcing me to stop!” 
“Wuhen!” Lu nanze bellowed,”do I have to kill?” 
“M-my mother We were all thieves when we were born. This is the mission given to us by our families, and we can’t shirk our responsibility! But do you think we want to do this? My mother had retired and married my father, but what happened in the end? My father abandoned her for money! It had brought her back to that dark world! And me? I almost lost my life in order to get rid of this identity! Yes We’re just thieves, but we’ve never committed murder or arson! However, we were wrong, and we are not protected by the law! Do you think that my mother was killed by them and I don’t want to take revenge in the right way
Qiao Yiyi paused for a moment before she laughed. Her voice was a little desolate.”Yeah, why must you kill? Do you think that I’m born to like killing? Or am I a bad person
“Lu nanze, you don’t understand my despair!” 
“M-my mother We were all thieves when we were born. This is the mission given to us by our families, and we can’t shirk our responsibility! But do you think we want to do this? My mother had retired and married my father, but what happened in the end? My father abandoned her for money! It had brought her back to that dark world! And me? I almost lost my life in order to get rid of this identity! Yes We’re just thieves, but we’ve never committed murder or arson! However, we were wrong, and we are not protected by the law! Do you think that my mother was killed by them and I don’t want to take revenge in the right way? But was it useful? No one, no one would want to seek justice for my mother! Because in their eyes, my mother’s death deserved it! He deserved to be killed! He deserved to suffer so much before he died! But, what did we do wrong
As Qiao Yi spoke, tears rolled down her face. 
This was the first time she had ever shown her weakness in front of Lu nanze. 
She cried like a lost child,””l also want to be a good person, a normal person who can work from nine to five, have a husband and children, but can I? [This identity is inborn, and we can’t change it at all But why does my mother deserve to die?] he thought. I don’t want to kill anyone But I have to kill Othervvise, who’s going to give my mother justice?” 
They weren’t Born to Be Bad people, and they had never done anything particularly bad. But why was the world so unfair to them
After she finished speaking, she just stood there. 
In fact, she had felt at ease when Lu nanze had interrupted her murder. 
However, at this moment, she didn’t know what she was angry about or what she was being serious about. She only felt that her chest was full and her whole body was in terrible pain. 
She had vented all her negative emotions on Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze stared at the girl in front of him, watching her cry to the end. She fell to the ground and held her head in her hands. 
That thin and weak body made one’s heart ache..
###Chapter 2026 – : Where Should She Go ... (16) 
Lu nanze stared at Qiao Yiyi. At first, he didn’t say a word. After Qiao Yiyi finished speaking, he quietly squatted down. 
He didn’t hug Qiao Yiyi. Instead, he squatted down so that he could look at her. 
“Yiyi, I understand,” he said. 
Qiao Yiyi slowly raised her head. 
She looked at Lu nanze. 
“I understand how you feel,” Lu nanze said slowly.”You didn’t want to kill anyone. You were forced to …” 
She was forced to do this … 
After Qiao Yiyi cried, she vented her negative emotions. 
She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly laughed.”Yes, I was forced to.” 
Then she stood up and said,”but Lu nanze, Did you know?” 
“Even if I was forced to, I will avenge my mother. That’s my mother. I can’t let her die so miserably. I’m her only daughter in this world, and I want to seek justice for her. ” 
After saying this, she changed her shoes, turned around, and strode out. 
Lu nanze stared at her back. 
He knew that Qiao Yiyi was angry. 
She was angry that he had ruined her only chance to kill Li Hang. 
Yes, it was. 
He didn’t try to persuade her or even discuss it with her. Instead, he forcefully interrupted her life, which made her angry. 
However, he had no other choice. 
He had tried to persuade her, but Qiao Yiyi did not listen to him. 
He couldn’t watch her jump into the abyss when he knew it was in front of him. 
Therefore, he could only choose to do so. ?α. o
Even if Qiao Yi ignored him now, he would still make the same choice a few hours ago. 
After Qiao Yiyi left the Lu family villa, she raised her head and forced back the tears in her eyes. 
She stood at the entrance of the Lu family villa for a while before she saw Chen 
Yansheng driving his car to the entrance. 
Qiao Yiyi walked over and sat in the front passenger seat. 
Chen Yansheng stared at her and slowly said,””ln the future, there might still be a chance. ‘ 
Qiao Yiyi laughed and cried. “There won’t be a chance.” 
Li Hang was like a bird startled by the mere twang of a bow, and would not go out again. 
He would not give her another chance. 
Chen Yansheng was silent for a moment before he slowly opened his 
Lu nanze did the right thing today. As for Li Hang, if you think of it this way, he’ll live in fear for the rest of his life. This is also a punishment, right?” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she ignored Chen Yansheng and leaned on the back seat.”Send me back, I’m tired.” 
Chen Yansheng nodded, turned the car around, and sent her to her place. 
Along the way, Qiao Yiyi closed her eyes to rest. Chen Yansheng, on the other hand, wanted to say something but stopped himself. In the end, he said nothing. 
Qiao Yiyi opened her eyes when she arrived. 
“Yiyi, you and Lu nanze .n” Chen Yansheng said slowly. 
Qiao Yiyi smiled bitterly.”He and I don’t belong in the same world anymore.” He’s a good citizen now, and I’m Just a thief. ” 
Chen Yansheng was speechless for a moment. 
Qiao Yiyi got out of the car. “I’m going to rest for a few days. I’ll look for you in a few days to discuss the next plan.” 
That time, there were four people. One of them died, and Li Hang was scared to death. 
She could not stop her actions. 
Because she had to let her mother die in peace. 
However, she did not expect . 
The next day, she was woken up by Chen Yanshengs phone call early in the morning. 
She picked up the call and heard Chen Yanshengs surprised quickly read the report! Lu nanze has made his move!” 
[PS: I’m done updating! See you tomorrow!]
###Chapter 2027 – Where Should She Go ... (17) 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she was stunned and confused. 
Lu nanze had made his move
What did he do
However, she still took out her phone and clicked on the link that Chen Yansheng had sent. 
After reading the content, she was completely stunned! 
Because she saw it! 
The Li family was actually bankrupt! 
He went bankrupt overnight
‘How … How is this possible?’ 
Frowning, she read the report carefully. When she reached the end, she finally understood that it had not been a matter of one night. Lu nanze had actually started preparing for it half a month ago. 
The Lu family had used nearly half of their power to make the Li family go bankrupt. 
The reports were all saying that the Lu family had gone crazy. They did not even know what kind of enmity they had with the Li family to make them so deranged … 
This is crazy … Ah! 
As Qiao Yiyi looked at it, a warm current flowed through her heart. 
A warm liquid flowed out of her eyes and dripped onto the phone. 
So she had misunderstood Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze was not asking her to let go of her hatred or to seek justice for her mother. He just wanted her to change her way of doing things. 
It was like this 
Li Hang was born into a rich family and what he couldn’t stand the most was poverty. 
And now, they had plenty of ways to make a man who had no money and went bankrupt suffer a fate worse than death. 
A warm current flowed through her heart. She stared at the report and cried. 
It had been five years since she found out about her mother’s death. 
In the past five years, she had been working hard to improve herself, to make herself more powerful, to make herself cold-blooded, to bring up Kaka alone Until this moment, she finally understood that sometimes, there was really no need to be so bitter and tired. 
With Lu nanze’s protection, wasn 
r 
t she Living a Good Life
As she thought of this, she lowered her head and covered her face. 
He was really useless! 
Why did she love to cry so much
While he was thinking, his phone rang again. 
She lowered her head and saw that it was Lu nanze. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. She didn’t know how to answer or what to say. 
After all, she had just thrown a tantrum at Lu nanze the day before and had given him a whole load of twisted logic. 
However, the phone kept ringing. It seemed that if she didn’t answer, the other party wouldn’t hang up. 
Qiao Yiyi hesitated for a moment, but she still picked up.”Hey …” 
As soon as she said it, she heard a cracking sound.”Mom, wawawawawaa 
Kaka was crying so pitifully that Qiao Yiyi’S heart ached. She hurriedly 
said,””Kaka, what’s wrong? Did someone bully you?” 
Kaka immediately sobbed and said, “mom, you said you would accompany me. 
Why didn’t I see you when you woke up this morning? wuwuwu Wawuwu…” 
Qiao Yiyi heaved a sigh of relief. Hearing Kaka’s miserable crying, she said,”Wait for me, I’ll definitely be there in half an hour!” 
Kaka then sobbed.”Yes, I’ll wait for you. Don’t lie!” 
“Alright,” he said. i?r． ?m
After hanging up, Qiao Yiyi put on her clothes and ran out quickly. She drove her sports car and ran all the way to the Lu family villa. 
Lu family. 
After she hung up, Kaka looked at Lu nanze with tears in his eyes. “Daddy, do I look like I’m crying
Lu nanze laughed at her words and reached out to caress her head. 
[PS: she caught a cold and had a fever. She was in a deep sleep from yesterday afternoon until noon today!] Then, her fever couldn’t go down, so she went to the hospital for a drip. “If there are no updates in the future, please remember to go to the top comment section of the comment section to take a look-I’ll take a leave of absence there if I have something to do. I won’t stop updating for no reason–continue to write my story. Actually, I’m still a little dizzy now that I’ve taken my medicine …”
###Chapter 2028 – : Where Should She Go ... (18) 
Kaka immediately sat down on the sofa excitedly and leaned into Lu nanze’s arms. Then, she snuggled up to him and said,”dad, mom is here this time. Will she leave again?” 
Lu nanze’s eyes drooped and he said,””As long as you do as I say, you shouldn’t leave.” 
Kaka’s eyes immediately lit up when he heard Lu nanze say something to her in a low voice. 
– 
When Qiao Yiyi arrived at the Lu family’s Villa, Kaka was sitting alone on the sofa in the living room, looking like a pitiful little thing. 
When she saw Qiao Yiyi, she immediately stood up and ran towards her.”Mom, mom, I missed you so much …” 
Qiao Yiyi hugged Kaka and sat on the sofa. She looked at her crying face and couldn’t help but comfort her. “What’s wrong with Kaka? Isn’t mommy here?” 
Kaka immediately sobbed and said,””Mom, I had a nightmare.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned.”What nightmare?” 
“I dreamed that my mother left and ignored me. I’ve been chasing after mom, but no matter how hard I try, I can’t catch up to you. Mom, you promised me yesterday that you wouldn’t leave me. Why can’t I see you when I wake up this morning? wuwuwu …” 
Qiao Yiyi hugged her guiltily.”Kaka, I’m sorry It’s mom’s fault.” 
Kaka stretched out his little arm and wrapped it around her waist. ‘Mommy, mommy, don’t ever leave Kaka, okay?” 
Qiao Yiyi turned her head when she heard the childish words. She saw Lu nanze standing on the stairs of the second floor, staring at her. 
“Mom, don’t leave Kaka and dad, okay?” 
Kaka asked again. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at her and nodded after a while. “Okay.” 
As soon as he said this word, Kaka’s eyes suddenly lit up.”Wow, I have a mother and a father now! The children in the kindergarten will never laugh at me for not having a father! Waa-” 
Seeing Kaka’s excited and happy face, Qiao Yiyi also laughed. 
She turned around and looked at Lu nanze again. 
One of them was standing on the second floor, while the other was sitting on the sofa in the living room. 
They didn’t say anything, just quietly staring at each other. 
However, it also seemed like he had said a thousand words, and silence was better than words. 
Qiao Yiyi’s relationship with Lu nanze had gotten much closer, but on the other hand, Bai Anan’s life wasn’t looking good. 
She had only rested for half a month before she went out and had a rough time. When she came back, she was bleeding down there. 
She rushed into the hospital. After the examination, the doctor warned her sternly,””l said you’re not allowed to go out, so you have to rest in bed! If you continue to torment yourself, I’m afraid you won’t be able to keep your uterus! 
In the future, don’t even think about having children!” 
Hearing the doctor’s words, mother Bai’s face turned pale with fright. She held the pale-faced Bai an ‘an on the bed.”An’ an, you have to listen to me. Don’t be so willful anymore!” The most important thing for a woman is to take care of herself during this period!” 
Bai Anan’s eyes glinted with malice. “Mom, she managed to escape this time, but it won’t be so simple next time!” This Li Hang is so useless that he doesn’t dare to Sue her.. I can find someone else! Anyway, there were still two more people on her list of people to kill! I don’t believe that those two are as timid as mice!”
###Chapter 2029 – Where Should She Go ... (19) 
When mother Bai heard this, her tears were about to come out.”My good daughter, can you rest in peace? when your body is better, you can do whatever you want. Look at yourself now. What have you done to yourself? You’re not allowed to go out again, and you have to lie in bed for an entire month!” 
When Bai Anan had a miscarriage, the child was almost born. After giving birth to a stillborn child, her body was much weaker than that of ordinary pregnant women. In addition, she had been too anxious during this period of time, which led to her poor health. 
Bai Anan frowned and lowered her eyes.”Mom, you don’t understand … I can’t rest well now. As soon as I close my eyes, that child will appear in front of me … Mom, it was wuhen who killed my child. I want revenge!” I have to take revenge! “Otherwise, I’ll always be holding a breath in my heart. Mom, I have to see her being shot to death with my own eyes before I can rest assured …” 
Hearing this, mother Bai’s eyes turned sour and she almost cried again. 
There might be bad people and good people in this world, but mothers were all the same. 
There was no bad mother. 
Bai Anan was also a good mother. She had high expectations for her child. Besides, this child was the best bond between her and Liang Liang. 
Hence, she loved this child even more. 
But who would have thought that it would end up like this after being carefully maintained for so long
Mother Bai didn’t know what to say. She could only hug Bai Anan and cry. 
Bai Anan didn’t say anything. Just then, her phone vibrated. She picked it up and opened it. The news of the Li family’s bankruptcy came to her. 
Bai Anan’s pupils shrank, and she sat up straight. 
Because she had gotten up too abruptly, she felt dizzy, but she still tried her best to stare at the report. 
The Li family was bankrupt! 
The Lu family had used half of their wealth to bankrupt the Li family like a Mad 
Dog! 
What was this
Had Lu nanze taken revenge for wuhen
That Li Hang looked like he had nothing to live for in the news. Where was the glory from before
He felt worse than dying! 
Bai Anan could imagine the hardships he would have to go through in his life! 
Bai Anan clenched her fists in anger. She reached out and threw the phone to the ground! 
Pa! ?α. 
The phone broke into pieces. 
She panted heavily, her chest rising and falling rapidly. 
Mother Bai hurriedly held her.”What’s wrong with you? Hurry up and get some rest, what made you so angry
What was it
If Lu nanze could deal with Li Hang using commercial means, then the next few families could do the same. 
So, how could wuhen kill anyone
If Wu Hen didn’t kill anyone, how could she find evidence against him
Bai Anan was so angry that she was about to cry. At that moment, the door of the ward was pushed open again. Director Bai walked in with a dark face. As soon as he came in, he pointed at Bai Anan..”What’s wrong with you?” I gave you Li Hangs job, but I didn’t ask you to let Li Hang die! Do you know how much of a loss Li Hangs death is to the police? Now, Li Hangs lawyer has already sued you last night, which has attracted the attention of the higher-ups!”
###Chapter 2030 – : Where Should She Go ... (20) 
Bai Anan was stunned and looked at director Bai. 
“I asked you to contact Li Hang because I wanted you to Sue wuhen together with Li Hang,” director Bai said.”But you …” 
“Didn’t the Li family go bankrupt?”mother Bai immediately asked. 
“So what if I’m bankrupt? It was unknown who had informed the reporters of such a big case, but there were people who supported him in suing them! Even if he doesn’t have any money, the lawyers who were close to the Li family in the past would definitely help him with this little favor!” 
Mother Bai was deceived.”But our Anan … Didn’t do anything. Isn’t he still alive and well?” 
Director Bai laughed coldly.”Yes, he’s still alive and well. But if Lu nanze hadn’t gone, do you think Li Hang would still be alive?” 
Mother Bai frowned.”What do we do now?” 
“What do we do? But she’s recuperating now, so it’s a good excuse to delay this matter. After a while, when the rumors have died down, we’ll think of a way to make it a small matter and a small one. ” 
Bai Anan’s face turned pale and she was almost speechless. Hearing director Bai’s words, she immediately said,””On what basis? Li Hang didn’t die, so what right does he have to Sue me?” 
Director Bai furrowed his brows.”You’re still a child who won’t give up until you see the coffin. Alright, you should rest for now. I’ll help you with this later.” 
At this point, director Bai’s phone rang. 
He immediately picked up the call and heard the voice on the other end. 
“Ah, old leader What’s the matter?” he asked directly. There must be a misunderstanding Don’t worry, Anan isn’t that kind of child Yes, there must be a misunderstanding Maybe Li Hang misunderstood We’ll look into it, don’t worry We’ll definitely give Li Hang justice!” 
Director Bai said as he walked out. 
As the Bureau chief, he was usually very busy. After he left, he never came back. 
Mother Bai sighed and looked at Bai Anan’s angry face. She couldn’t help but cover her with the blanket and said,””Have a good rest and don’t think too much. With your father around, you’ll be fine.” 
What else could Bai Anan say? No matter how angry she was, she still lay down. 
After lying down and resting for a few minutes, the door of the ward was pushed open again and Liang Liang walked in. 
When mother Bai saw Liang Liang, she was delighted.”Liang Liang, you’re here 
at the right time. Come and talk to Anan. She’S in a bad mood now. The doctor 
said . 
“Are you in a bad mood because you didn’t kill anyone
Liang Liang interrupted mother Bails words and sneered. 
Bai Anan opened her eyes and sat up immediately. She stared at Liang Liang and asked, “Liang Liang, what are you trying to say?!” 
Liang Liang stared at her.”Bai Anan, I didn’t expect you to do such a thing!” As a police officer, is this what you should do?” 
Bai Anan sneered.”What have I done to make you criticize me like this? Also, as a police officer, my only purpose is to bring the murderer to justice! Wuhen is the murderer!” 
Liang Liang stared at her. After a while, he suddenly sneered.”l’m so disappointed in you.” 
Then, he turned around and left. 
Bai Anan stared at his back. The moment he walked out of the door, she felt her blood boiling. She couldn’t help but exclaim,”wow!” Then, he spat out a mouthful of blood! 
[Author’s note: I’m feeling drowsy and writing too slowly I’m going to bed. Everyone, go to bed early. Take care of your health during this period. Many of your friends have caught a cold. See you tomorrow..]
###Chapter 2031 – The Ending Between Them ... (1) 
“Anan!” 
Mother Bai exclaimed and held her arm. Seeing her pale face and purple lips, she was so scared that she didn’t know what to do. Her eyes immediately turned red. 
She turned to look at the door and saw Liang Liang stop when he heard the sound behind him. He cried and shouted at her,””You ungrateful man, how dare you do this to our Anan? An ‘an has done so much for you, you cruel and unscrupulous person! Wuwuwu, Anan, wake up, don’t scare me …” 
Liang Liang frowned and looked at Bai Anan. After hearing mother Bai’s scolding, he turned around and walked out without saying anything. 
Mother Bai suddenly became even more furious.”You’re heartless! An ‘an is already in this state, and you still want to find another woman? You … Liang Liang, don’t go too far! I’ll ask Anan’s father to fire you …” 
Liang Liang stopped when he heard this, but he still walked out. 
Mother Bai immediately started crying.”How can this man be so heartless …” 
As she was crying, the person who had just left suddenly returned. Behind him was a group of doctors and nurses. 
Liang Liang pointed to the bed.”She just spat out a mouthful of blood. I don’t know what’s wrong with her. Please take a look at her . 
The person who had just seen Bai Anan frowned and went forward.”l told you that the patient is very weak now and needs to be recuperated. What happened to her?” 
As he spoke, he walked toward Bai Anan and rolled her eyes. Just as he was about to do a further examination, he suddenly heard the nurse call . 
The doctor immediately frowned and turned to look at the young nurse.”What’s your name 
Before she could finish her sentence, she saw the nurse lift Bai Anan’s blanket. When she was about to check on her, she found that Bai Anan’s pants were stained red with blood, and the blanket was also red. She didn’t know how much blood she had lost. . m
The doctor panicked and immediately shouted,”quick, prepare the operating room and stop the bleeding!” 
A group of people pushed the hospital bed and walked out. The doctor ran as he arranged,”prepare to transfuse blood to the patient. Type B blood! Hurry, and get Doctor Zhang from the obstetrics department to come over for a consultation. You guys, immediately inform the operating room, we must start the operation immediately!” 
“Yes!” 
A group of people pushed Bai Anan into the operating room in a panic. 
Mother Bai followed behind, at a loss and at a loss. She could only cry. “My daughter, nothing must happen to you. Sob, sob, nothing must happen to you 
The doctors ignored her. Saving her was more important. They pushed Bai Anan into the operating room. 
Mother Bai sat outside, crying uncontrollably. 
Liang Liang looked at her and frowned. 
Although she had just scolded him, he couldn’t just ignore her now that she was really crying. 
‘Mom, Anan He said as he walked over. 
Before she could finish her words, mother Bai raised her head and punched the murderer.”lt’s all your fault! It’s all your fault that an ‘an is like this!” If you weren’t angry with Anan, she wouldn’t have become like this. Liang Liang, I’m telling you today, you’d better pray that Anan is fine.. Otherwise, our Bai family will never let you off!”
###Chapter 2032 – The Ending Between Them ... (2) 
Hearing mother Bai’s unreasonable words, Liang Liang frowned. He didn’t want to argue with her and took a step back, but mother Bai came to him again.”Liang Liang, don’t go. I’m telling you, don’t even think about leaving today. Your wife is undergoing surgery inside. What do you want to do?” Are you still thinking about that woman outside? No! If anything happens to your wife, you and that woman outside will have to pay with your wife’s life!” 
She said this very loudly, so the people walking back and forth in the hospital stood in the distance and looked over. After hearing this, everyone automatically thought that Liang Liang was a heartless man, so they all pointed at him. i?d. c?
Liang Liang frowned.”Mom, stop …” 
“What, now you feel guilty? Why didn’t you feel uncomfortable when you did it? Wuwu, if you were that Vixen, how could you be so cold to my daughter! Tell me, from the time my daughter was pregnant to the time she gave birth, did you even stay at home for a day? Have you ever taken care of her for a day? Your mind is filled with that little B * tch, have you ever smiled at my daughter?” 
“Why did my daughter give birth to a stillborn? isn’t it because of that little B * tch? What were you doing at that time? You’re talking to the little B * tch, but you didn’t care when my daughter said she was going to give birth. You even said that my daughter was a fake This delayed the best time for treatment. How can you be such a scumbag, my poor daughter …” 
Mother Bai’s crying complaints made the people around them point at them even more. 
Someone even said,”l didn’t expect such a scumbag to be a police officer …” ‘Yeah, he looks quite energetic. I didn’t expect him to be such a person!” 
‘Young man, do you think you’re worthy of your clothes? Before serving the people, please correct yourself!” 
Everyone chimed in and explained the great principles of life to Liang Liang. 
Liang Liang frowned and stopped talking. 
At this moment, the door of the ward suddenly opened, and a nurse rushed out. “The patient is bleeding profusely! We need to remove the patient’s uterus to ensure the patient’s safety. Who is the patient’s family? please sign the operation form!” 
‘Me!” Liang Liang said immediately. 
The nurse handed the surgery form to Liang Liang. 
When Liang Liang was about to sign, mother Bai suddenly rushed over. “You don’t need to sign! If my daughter’s uterus is removed, how is she going to get pregnant in the future?” 
Liang Liang frowned, “”Mom, which is more important now? your lift or your child?” 
Mother Bai choked and shouted, “as a woman, not being able to have children is the greatest tragedy in life!” You don’t need to sign!” 
“The patient’s life is in danger,” the nurse said. “If you don’t sign the papers, you’ll be wasting your life!” Hurry up!” 
Liang Liang took a look at mother Bai. Seeing that she was still hesitating, he pushed her away and signed the operation form. 
When the nurse saw the signature, she was relieved. Without looking at mother Bai, she directly entered the operating room. 
After the nurse entered the operation, mother Bai immediately burst into tears. 
She sat on the ground, pointed at Liang liangtong and scolded,””How can you sign it? do you know how miserable it is for a woman to be infertile? Wow How can you sign it? are you even human?”
###Chapter 2033 – The Ending Between Them ... (3) 
This was the scene director Bai saw when he arrived. 
Mother Bai was crying her heart out. Liang Liang stood at the side, not saying a word. 
After director Bai understood what had happened, he scolded his mother,”You shut up!” 
Then he looked at Liang Liang.”You handled this well.” 
Then he patted his shoulder. Liang Liang didn’t feel happy at being praised, but just nodded. 
Director Bai sighed at the sight of him. 
After an unknown period of time, the operating room door was finally pushed open. 
The doctor and nurse walked out and saw director Bai. The doctor sighed.”Old Bai, I really tried my best! Your daughter is too disobedient. Do you know how dangerous it was just now? Thank God you signed it fast enough. If you were a minute late, your daughter’s life would be in danger!” 
Director Bai heaved a sigh of relief.”Is Anan alright now?” 
The doctor nodded.”It’s a pity that she can’t … But nothing is more important than her life!” 
Director Bai nodded. 
The doctor shook his head. “After she wakes up, she will definitely be very emotional. You guys watch over her. During this period of time, we must not let her emotions get any more intense. We must let her rest well!” 
Director Bai sighed. 
Mother Bai was crying at the side. 
After the doctor left, Liang Liang and director Bai brought Bai Anan to the ward. Looking at the pale and unconscious Bai Anan, mother Bai cried even harder. 
Director Bai only frowned. 
After a while, director Bai looked at Liang Liang. Just as he was about to speak, mother Bai rushed over and grabbed Liang Liang’s arm. “Liang Liang, Anan can’t have children now. You can’t abandon her!” She was no longer a normal woman! But the person who caused her to be like this is you You just signed the operation form, so you have to take responsibility for her! You’re not allowed to divorce her, you hear me?” 
Liang Liang looked at Bai Anan and then at director Bai. In the end, he nodded. 
Mother Bai heaved a sigh of relief. 
Liang Liang never knew that marriage could be such a painful thing sometimes. 
Sometimes, it was so difficult to give up a marriage and end this painful marriage. 
And Bai Anan and mother Bai were like dog skin plaster. Once he provoked them, they stuck to him, and it was hard to get rid of them. 
Liang Liang was in pain. 
Qiao Yiyi and Lu nanze, on the other hand, seemed to have entered a late honeymoon period. 
Although the two of them didn’t talk about what had happened in the past, their relationship had eased after a whole day. Although they didn’t talk, they were more harmonious. 
Kaka said that he wanted to play with building blocks, so the two adults sat on the stall and played with her. 
Kaka was very talented in playing with building blocks, which was enough to prove that she was clear-headed. 
After they were done, Kaka walked in front of Qiao Yiyi.”Mommy, give me a kiss!” 
Qiao Yiyi gave her a kiss. 
Kaka walked up to Lu nanze and said,”daddy, give me a kiss!” 
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she raised her head and saw Lu nanze looking at her with a confused expression. Then, he kissed Kaka on the cheek. 
Qiao Yiyi’s face turned red. 
That was because the place where Lu nanze had kissed her was exactly where she had kissed him!
###Chapter 2034 – The Ending Between Them ... (4) 
Moreover, the way he looked at her after kissing her … Was he teasing her
Qiao Yiyi immediately bit her lip and glared at Lu nanze. 
“Mom, what’s wrong with your eyes?” Kaka immediately asked. ?n?а. ?m
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi’s mouth twitched.”It’s nothing!” 
Kaka tilted his head.”But I clearly saw you roll your eyes.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Lu nanze immediately snapped and said to her,””In the future, you can’t roll your eyes like mom.” 
“Why?” Kaka asked. 
“Because that’s a Cheap Trick that only women would do. A man can’t do that!” 
Kaka was stunned and then nodded. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Kaka. 
She had thought that since Kaka had been living with Lu nanze, he must have found out about her secret. But she had not expected that he had not found out after such a long time. 
She looked at Kaka, who winked at her, then turned to look at Lu nanze.”Dad, don’t worry. I won’t roll my eyes!” 
Lu nanze nodded in satisfaction, then Kaka yawned. 
“Kaka, are you leaving with mom tonight?” Qiao Yiyi asked. 
Kaka subconsciously wanted to nod as he walked over to Qiao Yiyi. 
But suddenly, she heard Lu nanze cough. 
Kaka turned around and looked at Lu nanze.”Dad, is your throat uncomfortable?” 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Seeing that Lu nanze didn’t respond, Kaka suddenly realized something. He turned to Qiao Yiyi and said, “mom, I want to sleep with the squirrel tonight.” “Huh?” Qiao Yiyi was confused. 
Kaka,”little squirrel!” I want to sleep with that toy that mom bought for me. ” 
“Let’s take the squirrel away then,”Qiao Yiyi said. 
Kaka: “I can ‘t. The little squirrel will be sad if it leaves its mother.” 
“Did your dad sell you the squirrel’s mother?” Qiao Yiyi asked. 
Kaka immediately nodded. “There’s still daddy! Their family of three is happy together. I can’t take the little squirrel away by force. ” 
Qiao Yiyi glanced at Lu nanze and continued,””Then let’s take their family of three away, okay?” 
Kaka, “no, because the little squirrel’s home is here.” They don’t want to leave this home. ” 
“That’s why I want to continue sleeping here tonight. ” 
Qiao Yiyi furrowed her brows. ‘You don’t want mommy anymore
Kaka looked at Qiao Yiyi carefully. ‘Yes, I do. So, mom, can you stay here with 
Qiao Yiyi thought,’so, this is the reason!’ 
She looked at Lu nanze and then lowered her head again. She saw Kaka staring at her with his big, innocent eyes. His eyes were full of desire. “Mommy, can you stay with Kaka at daddy’s house
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
‘Damn it!’ 
Even though she knew that this was Lu nanze’s scheme. 
However, when she thought about how she almost let Kaka down yesterday and how Kaka had been without a father for the past few years, she couldn’t bear to do it. 
She could only nod. 
Kaka immediately got excited and ran over to hug Qiao Yiyi’s neck. 
However, when Qiao Yiyi went upstairs and lay down with Kaka, just as they were about to spend some time as mother and daughter, Lu nanze walked in. 
-PS:-‘ve finished updating-see you tomorrow–
###Chapter 2035 – The Ending Between Them ... (5) 
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes widened in shock and she sat up.”What are you doing here?” 
Lu nanze glanced at her and coughed. He looked at Kaka and said,””Yes, I’ll read to Kaka.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Kaka nodded and leaned his small body towards Qiao Yiyi. Then, he hugged her arm.”Daddy, hurry up. Hurry up and put mommy and me to sleep!” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Kaka in confusion.”Do you do this every day before you go to bed?” 
Kaka nodded.”That’s right. Daddy reads two books to me every day. Mommy, don’t talk anymore. Lie down and listen to Daddy.” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze in disbelief. 
This man had always been domineering outside. How could he have such an image at home
She tilted her head and saw Lu nanze sitting down. He took out two storybooks, flipped to the first page, and started reading. 
The man’s voice was rich and full of magnetism, with the power to make people feel at ease. 
She tilted her head and saw Lu nanze sitting down. He took out two storybooks, flipped to the first page, and started reading. 
The man’s voice was rich and full of magnetism, with the power to make people feel at ease. 
She couldn’t help but stare at Lu nanze. After a long time, he suddenly put down his book and looked at Qiao Yiyi. 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned.”Ah, you finished?” 
Lu nanze immediately smiled.”Kaka is asleep.” 
Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and realized that Kaka had really fallen asleep. 
She nodded. Lu nanze put the book aside but did not leave. He looked at her. 
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip.”You Do you have anything else?” 
Lu nanze smiled.”lt’s nothing.” 
Qiao Yiyi pointed at the door. “The door is over there.” 
“Oh,” Lu nanze replied. 
Qiao Yiyi thought to herself, ‘Oh your head, don’t you understand that the door is over there
Lu nanze obviously understood what she was saying, but he pretended not to. 
“Are you sleepy?” Qiao Yiyi asked again. Lu nanze shook his head.”No, I’m not.’ 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi coughed. “I’m sleepy.” 
“Then you can sleep.” 
Qiao Yiyi wondered,’when did Lu nanze become so thick-skinned? His intentions were already so obvious, yet he still didn’t want to leave
How could he fall asleep with him staring at her
Qiao Yiyi glared at Lu nanze and suddenly ? want to drink milk, can you help me get it?” 
Lu nanze stared at her for a while, then smiled and said,”okay.” 
He then stood up and walked towards the door. 
Qiao Yiyi watched him walk to the door. Suddenly, she jumped up and rushed to the door. She held the door with both hands. 
Lu nanze seemed to have sensed her movement. He turned around and immediately reached out to open the door. 
However, Qiao Yiyi had already caught him by the end of his sentence. With a push and a press, the door was about to close! 
At this moment! 
“Hiss!” Lu nanze let out a cry of pain. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately looked down and realized that Lu nanze’s other hand had been placed on the door. At this moment, she had caught it. 
“Are you alright?” Qiao Yiyi immediately let go. 
He grabbed his hand and began to examine it carefully. 
He had forgotten how much strength he had used to close the door just now. It would be terrible if he broke his fingers! 
However, after checking, he realized that the finger seemed to be fine. 
She looked up and saw Lu nanze holding the door. He smiled at her and said, “it’s nothing..”
###Chapter 2036 – The Ending Between Them ... (6) 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi then realized that she had been tricked. 
She glared at Lu nanze and frowned. After a while, she suddenly said to the person behind Lu nanze,””Butler, did you bring the milk?” 
Lu nanze froze and turned around. 
When she turned around, Qiao Yiyi pushed her and she took a step back. Bang! The door was closed. 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze shook his head helplessly, took two steps back, and stared at the door. 
“Yiyi, have you forgotten? this is my house. I have the key,” he suddenly said. 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
Qiao Yiyi realized that she couldn’t avoid this demon. 
She was so angry that she gritted her teeth, but the next second, she walked to the side of the bed and lay down. Then she looked at the ceiling. 
Anyway, he was leaving at this moment, so he would … Talk about it later. 
Turning her head, Qiao Yiyi hugged Kaka and smelled the unique Milky smell on her body. She fell asleep. 
In her sleep, she seemed to feel the door being pushed open. 
Qiao Yiyi immediately opened her sleepy eyes and saw Lu nanze walking in with a glass of milk. 
“Ah! What are you doing?” Qiao Yiyi screamed. 
“I ‘m feeding you milk, “Lu nanze replied. 
“I don’t want to drink it. Hurry up and leave, or I’ll get angry.” 
“Yiyi, I miss you so much. Have a sip.” 
Lu nanze took a step forvvard. Qiao Yiyi wanted to push him away but realized that she couldn’t move at all. She watched as Lu nanze took a sip of milk and lowered his head. It seemed like he was going to Feed her
Qiao Yiyi was shocked. She waved her hands.’Go away, go away 
As soon as she finished shouting, she jolted awake. She opened her eyes and realized that she was actually dreaming! 
This was really …! 
Qiao Yiyi felt like she was going to be retarded. How could she dream of such a thing
She picked up her phone and looked at the time. It was already eight in the morning. 
Beside him, Kaka had disappeared. 
She immediately sat down, put on her pajamas and slippers, and walked to the door. The door was already open. 
She pushed the door open and heard the sound of laughter coming from the living room.”Daddy, I can recite poems now. Does that mean I don’t have to go to school today?” 
“No,” Lu nanze said sternly. 
Kaka: “but I don’t want to go to school today. I want to play with mom. I haven’t seen mom in a long time.” 
“Then we’ll wait for you to finish school. Mommy will pick you up with daddy, okay?” 
Kaka reluctantly went upstairs.”Alright.” 
Then, she went upstairs to grab her bag. umen she reached the door , she suddenly turned to look at Lu nanze.”Dad, you’re too important to me.” 
Lu nanze was stunned. 
Kaka continued,”if the world doesn’t have you, then the earth will become a big shit ball! That’s why you’re so important!” 
After saying this, she turned around and skipped away. . Com
Lu nanze looked at Qiao Yiyi in confusion.”What does Kaka mean?” Are you complimenting me? Why does it sound so awkward! ” 
Qiao Yiyi laughed so hard that she couldn’t stand straight. 
Seeing her like this, Lu nanze knew that there must be a reason for this. He asked hurriedly,””What’s wrong? Hurry up and tell me. ” Qiao Yiyi’s stomach started to hurt. 
The look on Lu nanze’s face made her laugh even harder..
###Chapter 2037 – The Ending Between Them ... (7) 
Lu nanze stood there helplessly. When Qiao Yiyi was done laughing, he sighed.”Now, can you tell me?” 
Qiao Yiyi wanted to say something, but the moment she opened her mouth, she started laughing again. 
Lu nanze had no choice but to continue waiting. When Qiao Yiyi finally stopped laughing, he said,””Kaka has been reading a set of children’s books recently, and one of them is called” the diary of a dung beetle. “” 
Lu nanze raised his eyebrows.”So?” 
Qiao Yiyi coughed.”You can go and see for yourself.” 
Then, he continued to smile and went upstairs. 
Lu nanze was speechless. 
Lu nanze immediately got someone to bring the book over. 
Because of Kaka’s arrival, the house was now filled with children’s books. The Butler quickly brought the book over and handed it to Lu nanze. i?r． ?m
Lu nanze opened the children’s book. On the first page, it read: 
“I’m a dung beetle, I’m very important. If the world doesn’t have me, then the earth will become a big dung ball.” 
At this point, Lu nanze’s mouth twitched. 
He finally understood! 
Kaka, that little bad guy, actually called him a dung beetle! 
Just because he said to let Kaka go to school! 
This bad guy! 
Lu nanze’s face immediately turned livid with anger, but then he found it funny. 
This This This 
Who did he learn this from? he didn’t even curse. He was simply Black- bellied. 
Lu nanze threw the book on the coffee table, shook his head, and looked upstairs. 
Then, he laughed. 
The way Yiyi laughed just now warmed his heart. He smiled bitterly and looked at the Butler. “I’m preparing breakfast for Madam. ” 
The Butler immediately responded with a yes, and then couldn’t help but walk into the kitchen. After five years, this home was finally like a home. 
After Qiao Yiyi washed up, she went downstairs. 
When she was having breakfast, she realized that Lu nanze was there too. 
She paid special attention to Lu nanze’s expression. She already Imew that he had asked someone to look for books. 
Looking at Lu nanze now, did he understand the meaning of ‘Kaka’
However, Lu nanze was so calm that no one could see through him or guess what he was thinking. 
This man was still so scheming. 
Hence, Qiao Yiyi lowered her head and continued eating, ignoring him. 
As he was eating, he suddenly saw the Butler approach him. He leaned closer to Lu nanze and said,””Sir, someone from the song family is here.” 
The song family
When Qiao Yiyi heard this, she lifted her head and looked sharply at Lu nanze. 
The song family If I’m not wrong, they should be one of the murderers who hurt my mother! 
So, after seeing what had happened to Qian Jin and Li Hang, she had come to Lu nanze to plead for her
Qiao Yiyi put down the bread in her hand. 
At this moment, she had no appetite for all the delicacies. 
She stared straight at Lu nanze, who was frowning. His gaze swept across the bread she had put down and he said unhappily,””ls our family a place where we can just meet anyone
The Butler was speechless. 
Actually, he really wanted to say that the song family wasn’t ordinary people. They were rich and powerful! 
However, Sir’S current behavior was obviously because he was so angry that Madam couldn’t eat. 
He hurriedly walked out. “Yes, I’ll chase him away now.” 
However, she had only taken two steps when Qiao Yiyi stood up.”l’m going to see him!” 
[PS: I’ve finished updating, see you tomorrow-this ‘Kaka scolding’ technique . 
Was actually taught to me by Youyou-haha-]
###Chapter 2038 – The Ending Between Them ... (8) 
When the Butler heard this, he immediately looked at Lu nanze nervously. 
Lu nanze also stood up.”I’ll go with you.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t and the two of them walked out. 
Sure enough, a man in his thirties was standing in the courtyard. When he saw the two of them walk out, he immediately took a step forward and knelt in front of them.”Ms. Qiao, Mr. Lu, please forgive me. I really know my mistakes! After I did that, I couldn’t sleep at night after I returned to China. I’m willing … I’m willing to pray for Madam every day, okay? The song family is such a big family, I really can’t let it be destroyed because of me. Otherwise, I’ll be the sinner of the song family, wuwuwu …” 
After saying this, he lowered his head and knelt on the ground, crying pitifully. 
Qiao Yiyi stared at this man. When he had locked her mother up and was extremely arrogant to the outside world, did he ever think that one day he would kneel in front of her daughter and cry
She was still in a daze when the man on the ground seemed to have thought of something. He looked up at Qiao Yiyi and thought that she had softened. He was overjoyed and looked at Qiao Yiyi.”Miss Qiao, I’m willing to do anything for you. Please let me live, okay?” 
Mr. Song was in pain too. He didn’t want to apologize. 
Because he felt embarrassed. 
However, the head of the family took him to the Li family’s temporary residence. 
When Li Hangs incident happened, it shocked the whole of Suzhou. 
Who would have thought that such a large family, a family that had been around for a hundred years, would go bankrupt overnight
The entire family was chased out of the old house. A group of men and women, young and old, stood on the street, not knowing where to go. In the end, a family with a good relationship with them lent them a small bungalow. 
Mr. Song stood in front of the low-rise house and looked at the dirt on the ground. He took two steps forward and his dirty leather shoes immediately lost their color. 
As for the group of people who had left home, they were used to the life of the rich. They didn’t even have the ability to take care of themselves, and their family had to quarrel every day about who to cook for. 
The child next to her was crying badly, but there was no one to comfort her. The whole family was squeezed together, with the women crying and the men frowning. 
Everyone was glaring at Li Hang. 
With great difficulty, the half-cooked rice was served. The people who had been hungry for a day immediately rushed forward, wanting to eat. Li Hang also took a step forward, but he was pushed hard by someone and pushed to the ground. 
He fell to the ground and stared at the person over there. The person glared at him and said, “”It’s all your fault that our family is in this state. How can you have the face to eat? you can talk about it after we’re done eating!” 
Li Hang sat on the ground and looked at them in a daze. 
In the past, he was the head of the family, and this group of people had to please him and coax him, but now 
Mr. Song felt like he was struck by lightning. 
He would rather lose his face than live like this, so he came today. 
He had acted so sincerely, so miss Qiao would probably forgive him, righti?d. o
Mr. Song raised his head and looked at Qiao Yiyi. 
“If you want me to forgive you, I can, but you have to promise me one thing,” Qiao Yiyi said, staring at him..
###Chapter 2039 – The Ending Between Them ... (9) 
Mr. Song’s eyes widened in joy.”Miss Qiao, I’ll agree to ten or even a hundred conditions, let alone one. Please, please …” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and suddenly curled her lips.”Unless you can bring my mother back to life.” 
Mr. Song’s pupils shrank. 
Qiao Yiyi’s expression was cold. She stared at Mr. Song and said slowly,””Sensei song, let me give you a piece of advice. In this world, the heavenly Dao reincarnates. You have to accept the punishment for what you’ve done. A life for a life is a principle that any normal person knows since ancient times. How come you don’t understand it?” 
Mr. Song’s legs gave way and he fell to the ground. 
Qiao Yiyi looked down at him.”I came back to China this time to fight you to the death!” Do you think that I, Wu Hen, am a soft-hearted person? Then you’ve miscalculated!” 
She turned her head and walked into the room without looking at Mr. Song again. 
She carried her usual domineering and sharp aura. 
Lu nanze looked at Qiao Yiyi’s back and turned around. He narrowed his eyes and stared at Mr. Song, who was on the ground. 
He sneered and turned to leave, but Mr. Song stopped him.”’ Mr.Lu!” 
Lu nanze turned around and heard Mr. Song say, “”Do you really want to fight to the death? The Lu family must have spent most of their assets to trip the Li family, right? Our family is stronger than the Li family. Are you willing to destroy the Lu family’s hundred years of Foundation?” 
Qiao Yiyi entered the living room, but her words still reached her ears. 
She stopped in her tracks and turned to look at Lu nanze. 
Lu nanze stared at Mr. Song and said,”so what if both of us end up injured?” 
With that, he turned around and left, leaving Mr. Song alone squatting on the ground, staring blankly ahead. 
In the living room, Qiao Yiyi looked at Lu nanze, who was striding in. 
For some reason, even though she knew that Lu nanze was tall and strong, Qiao Yiyi still felt her vision blur when he stood against the light. nа. 
The sunlight shone in from behind him, making him look like he was in a stage where he could not be seen clearly. 
She stared at Lu nanze and asked after a pause,””ls it worth it?” Was it worth it
For her, he had destroyed half of the Lu family’s Foundation. 
When Lu nanze heard this, he came to her side and wrapped his arm around her waist.”As long as I can help you, it’s worth it.” 
Qiao Yiyi was speechless. 
An indescribable feeling of gratitude welled up in her heart. 
Qiao Yiyi’S eyes were filled with tears. She stared at Lu nanze and suddenly smiled. 
She couldn’t help but take a step forward and hug Lu nanze. 
Five years ago, Lu nanze had given Qiao Lian a human ginseng as a gift. Compared to what he was doing now, what was this
He actually really, really loved her . 
When Mr. Song left the Lu residence, his steps were heavy and heavy. 
Back at the song family’s house, he suddenly didn’t know how to face the group of people at home. 
He was different from Li Hang. 
Li Hang was the head of the Li family, so he had the final say in everything. 
As for him He was just one of the many descendants of the song family. He was not eye-catching. The current head of the song family was his eldest uncle..
###Chapter 2040 – : The Ending Between Them ... (10) 
He took a deep breath and entered the room. 
As soon as he entered, he saw his first uncle stand up and stare at him.”How is it? what will it take for Lu nanze to reconcile?” 
Mr. Song stared at his uncle and didn’t know what to say. 
“I … He said … Unless his mother comes back to life …” He said, trembling. 
As soon as he said this, uncle Bo frowned and immediately understood what was going on. 
Mr. Song thought that his uncle would scold him, but he didn’t expect that after his uncle came back to his senses, he only patted him on the shoulder.”Alright, thank you for your hard work.” 
Then, he walked away. 
Mr. Song felt even more guilty. Was his uncle … Trying to protect him
Midnight. 
Mr. Song couldn’t fall asleep. The events of the day kept replaying in his mind, making him feel that he had committed a terrible crime. 
He stood up, put on his clothes, took a deep breath, and then went to the top floor. 
Due to the large population of their family, their villa was higher than ordinary villas, with a total of seven floors. 
The top floor was a garden. 
He stood there, holding the railing and looking into the distance. 
Just as he was looking, he suddenly heard footsteps behind him. 
He turned around and saw that his uncle was already standing behind him. He immediately said guiltily,””Uncle, you can’t sleep either?” 
Was it because he was worried about the matters at home that he couldn’t sleep
He felt even guiltier when he thought of this. 
First uncle nodded. “That’s right.” 
Then he looked up and said, “I’ve been thinking about it. You were the one who started this. If you want Lu nanze’s hatred for us to fade, the only way is . ” 
“What is it?” 
“Go to hell!” 
Mr. Song was stunned. Before he could react, he felt a strong force pushing him down from the top floor! 
The next day, Qiao Yiyi saw the news of Mr. Song’s suicide when she woke up. 
She was stunned for a moment. Looking at the bloody scene of Mr. Song’s death in the report, she frowned. 
“Did he really commit suicide?” she couldn’t help but ask Lu nanze. 
That distance That posture, it didn’t look like it! 
Lu nanze reached out and wrapped his arm around her waist. He then said, Whether it was a suicide or not, it has nothing to do with us. As long as we didnrt kill him, it’s fine.” 
Whenever Qiao Yiyi heard Lu nanze say ‘we’ ,’we’… Her eyes turned warm when she heard that. 
But now, Mr. Song was dead. What about the last murderer, the one from house Zhao
Qiao Yiyi sighed. 
She did not want Lu nanze to use the remaining assets of the Lu family to fight to the death with others. 
However, she was unable to open her mouth and say those words. 
Because that was Lu nanze’s true feelings for her. 
Lu nanze wrapped his arms around Qiao Yiyi’s waist and sighed.””Don’t think too much. The song family has been scared to this extent by me. What do you think will happen to the Zhao family?” 
What would happen to the Zhao family
The Zhao family must be terrified too. 
“That’s right. I don’t have to do anything from now on. Don’t worry, I won’t squander all of the Lu family’s assets. I still have to support you, Kaka That little dung beetle!” 
“Pfft!” 
When she heard Lu nanze’s gritting teeth at the mention of Kaka, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but burst out laughing again. 
Seeing her smile, Lu nanze’s lips curled up as well. 
[Author’s note: wow, I just wanted to inform you that this book should be ending soon in a few days-I suddenly feel a little reluctant-then, do you guys have any monthly votes that will be cast for this book?] See you tomorrow- 
He took a deep breath and entered the room. 
As soon as he entered, he saw his first uncle stand up and stare at him.”How is it? what will it take for Lu nanze to reconcile?” 
Mr. Song stared at his uncle and didn’t know what to say. 
“I … He said … Unless his mother comes back to life …” He said, trembling. 
As soon as he said this, uncle Bo frowned and immediately understood what was going on. 
Mr. Song thought that his uncle would scold him, but he didn’t expect that after his uncle came back to his senses, he only patted him on the shoulder.”Alright, thank you for your hard work.” 
Then, he walked away. 
Mr. Song felt even more guilty. Was his uncle … Trying to protect him
Midnight. 
Mr. Song couldn’t fall asleep. The events of the day kept replaying in his mind, making him feel that he had committed a terrible crime. 
He stood up, put on his clothes, took a deep breath, and then went to the top floor. 
Due to the large population of their family, their villa was higher than ordinary villas, with a total of seven floors. 
The top floor was a garden. 
He stood there, holding the railing and looking into the distance. 
Just as he was looking, he suddenly heard footsteps behind him. 
He turned around and saw that his uncle was already standing behind him. He immediately said guiltily,””Uncle, you can’t sleep either?” 
Was it because he was worried about the matters at home that he couldn’t sleep
He felt even guiltier when he thought of this. 
First uncle nodded. “That’s right.” 
Then he looked up and said, “I’ve been thinking about it. You were the one who started this. If you want Lu nanze’s hatred for us to fade, the only way is . ” 
“What is it?” 
“Go to hell!” 
Mr. Song was stunned. Before he could react, he felt a strong force pushing him down from the top floor! 
The next day, Qiao Yiyi saw the news of Mr. Song’s suicide when she woke up. 
She was stunned for a moment. Looking at the bloody scene of Mr. Song’s death in the report, she frowned. 
“Did he really commit suicide?” she couldn’t help but ask Lu nanze. 
That distance That posture, it didn’t look like it! 
Lu nanze reached out and wrapped his arm around her waist. He then said, Whether it was a suicide or not, it has nothing to do with us. As long as we didnrt kill him, it’s fine.” 
Whenever Qiao Yiyi heard Lu nanze say ‘we’ ,’we’… Her eyes turned warm when she heard that. 
But now, Mr. Song was dead. What about the last murderer, the one from house Zhao
Qiao Yiyi sighed. 
She did not want Lu nanze to use the remaining assets of the Lu family to fight to the death with others. 
However, she was unable to open her mouth and say those words. 
Because that was Lu nanze’s true feelings for her. 
Lu nanze wrapped his arms around Qiao Yiyi’s waist and sighed.””Don’t think too much. The song family has been scared to this extent by me. What do you think will happen to the Zhao family?” 
What would happen to the Zhao family
The Zhao family must be terrified too. 
“That’s right. I don’t have to do anything from now on. Don’t worry, I won’t squander all of the Lu family’s assets. I still have to support you, Kaka That little dung beetle!” 
“Pfft!” 
When she heard Lu nanze’s gritting teeth at the mention of Kaka, Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but burst out laughing again. 
Seeing her smile, Lu nanze’s lips curled up as well. 
[Author’s note: wow, I just wanted to inform you that this book should be ending soon in a few days-I suddenly feel a little reluctant-then, do you guys have any monthly votes that will be cast for this book?] See you tomorrow-
###Chapter 2041 – The End (1) 
The outcome of the Zhao family was quickly decided. 
Mr. Song from the song family was dead. The police arrived at the scene and investigated. In the end, they concluded that it was a homicide. 
The whole case was solved very easily because Mr. Song’s uncle had admitted to his crime. 
Because he had confessed his crimes, the court sentenced him to life in prison. 
When he was taken away, he laughed.”I’ll use a life and an indefinite period in exchange for the stability of the song family.” 
The police didn’t know what he meant, but everyone in the song family heard him. Although they hated him for being so cruel, their eyes still turned red when they heard what he said. 
Uncle song’s son was already an adult and had taken over the company’s position. The song family was safe and sound. 
Seeing the song family like this, the Zhao family finally couldn’t hold back. 
Qiao Yiyi was playing with Kaka at the Lu family’s house when she heard the news.”… Zhao Moumou has turned himself in and confessed to the crimes he has committed. He also confessed to his accomplices. Because of his terrible crimes and cruel methods, the court sentenced Zhao Moumou to life imprisonment.” 
Qiao Yiyi was stunned and turned to look at the TV. 
On the TV, Mr. Zhao was being escorted by the police into a cell. 
Qiao Yiyi sat there and suddenly burst into tears. 
She bit her lip, not knowing what to say or do. 
She only knew that she had finally avenged her mother. 
For the past five years, the huge stone that had been pressing on her heart and shoulders had been unloaded. 
It made her feel as if she was free from debt and was light. 
Kaka looked at her and was shocked. He called out for his mother, then quickly took a tissue and handed it to her. 
Qiao Yiyi wiped her tears and couldn’t help but ask,”mom, what’s wrong
Qiao Yiyi didn’t reply. 
Kaka reached out and hugged her.”Mommy, don’t cry. I’ll give you whatever you want 
But Qiao Yiyi couldn’t stop her tears. 
Kaka was anxious and his eyes were red. ‘Mommy, don’t cry, wuwuwu 
Qiao Yiyi hugged Kaka and sobbed. “I’m happy, I’m so happy, haha…Your grandma’s revenge has been taken. ” 
‘Wow! Mom, don’t cry. I want to cry too. ” Kaka also started crying. 
Qiao Yiyi couldn’t help but laugh when she saw her crying. 
But she still wanted to cry. Let’s just cry together. 
The mother and daughter were hugging each other and crying. Lu nanze came up with a glass of milk and walked to the door. YVhen he saw the situation, he was dumbfounded. 
He hurriedly came in and placed the milk aside. Then, he squatted down and asked,””What’s wrong? Who’s bullying you?” 
As he said this, a bloodthirsty aura was released from his body! 
These two people were the two people he cared about the most in his life. He couldn’t let either of them be bullied! 
Qiao Yiyi shook her head, but she still wanted to cry. 
Big drops of tears rolled down her face. She wanted to say something, but she couldn ‘t. 
Kaka was at the side, his face was full of ignorance and he started to cry. 
Lu nanze moved closer to Qiao Yiyi.”What’s wrong? Wuhen, don’t cry ? c?
Before he could finish, Qiao Yiyi suddenly reached out her arm and wrapped it around his neck. 
Lu nanze was taken aback, but he quickly realized that she might only need a shoulder to rest on. At a loss, he said,””You 
‘Thank you,” she said..
###Chapter 2042 – : The End (2) 
Qiao Yiyi’s words were full of emotion. Lu nanze seemed to have understood something. 
When he thought of the news the Butler had told him, Lu nanze knew why Qiao Yiyi had lost her composure. 
This woman. 
When it happened, she didn’t know how to be gentle. When it was over, she finally revealed the fragile side of a woman. 
This was the only way she could finally look like a woman. 
At this thought, Lu nanze reached out his arms and hugged Qiao Yiyi tightly.”Silly girl.” 
These three words were filled with a sense of doting. 
Qiao Yiyi’s heart ached when she heard that. It turned out that being protected by someone could be so blissful. 
She pursed her lips and turned to look at Lu nanze. After a while, she finally smiled. 
At this moment, time was quiet. 
—— 
In the police station. 
Liang Liang’s situation wasn’t good. 
He stared at Zhao Si, who had turned himself in, and frowned.”Why did you turn yourself in?” 
Zhao Si smiled bitterly.”She killed Qian Jin and made Li Hang wish he was dead. She forced me to die. I can only turn myself in. That way, I’ll have the best life among the few of us.” 
Liang Liang frowned.”She didn’t kill Qian Jin.” 
Zhao Si immedia tely waved his hand. “Then who could have killed him? Even if she had an alibi, Qian Jin’s death was so coincidental that she couldn’t have killed him. ‘ 
Liang Liang didn’t speak. 
The murderer who killed Qian Jin was still being investigated. 
They suspected that it was Li Tingting, so they had sent people to check the scene. 
However, there was no evidence of Li Tingting at the scene, so there was no way to Sue her. 
Recently, he had been leading a group of people to look for evidence of Li Tingtings crimes. 
However, the more he searched, the more he realized that Li Tingting didn’t seem like someone who would kill. 
So Who killed Qian Jin
The group of police officers in the police station were all very angry. They were racking their brains because of this matter. 
But now 
If what Zhao Si said was true, then was Qian Jin really killed by Wu Hen
No, he couldn ‘t. 
He shouldn’t have doubted wuhen. 
Although Wu Hen was a thief, he always had a sense of righteousness. It was impossible for him to kill someone. 
Therefore, even if what Zhao Si said was true, he could not believe it! 
He stood up and walked out of Zhao Sl’s interrogation room. 
As soon as he walked out, his phone had a signal and immediately rang. 
He looked down and saw that it was Mother Bai calling. He frowned and picked up the call. Mother Bails reprimanding voice immediately came from the other side.”Liang Liang, why haven’t you come yet? Do you know that Anan needs you now? Are you even a man? your wife miscarried because of you! VVhy didn’t you come to see her?” 
Liang Liang took the phone away , hung up the call and walked away. 
He had only taken two steps when a policeman suddenly came over. He looked at Liang Liang and said,””Brother Liang, I found new evidence! ” 
Liang Liang stopped in his tracks.”What?” 
The police officer immediately waved at Liang Liang. 
Liang Liang followed the policeman into the room. 
The policeman pointed at the computer on the table and said to Liang Liang,””Two. At first, this video that was mistaken as fake evidence to prove that Qiao Yiyi was the murderer was captured by an ignorant child It’s not fake at all! It was real! This means that Qiao Yiyi was really in the club when she scored 29 points!”
###Chapter 2043 – The End (3) 
Hearing this, Liang Liang’s heart trembled. 
He stared at the video on the computer. 
At that time, they had suspected that the video was fake and had been photoshopped, so they had taken it to the technical department to check it. They had only come to a conclusion today. 
However, Liang Liang couldn’t accept this conclusion! 
He stared at the video and frowned. No one knew what he was thinking. 
The police continued,”I’m confused. If this video isn’t fake and there are no traces of Photoshop, what’s going on? So, I checked the surveillance cameras around the area and found out that … When the court started, the footage that Lu nanze and the others sent to court was only the part where Qiao Yiyi left. ” 
As he said this, he opened one of the videos. 
Twenty-two minutes later, Qiao Yiyi left the club. 
“Didn’t he leave?”Liang Liang asked. 
The police officer’s face was filled with disbelief as he stared at the video. Even though he had just watched it and discovered the truth, he was still a little shocked. “Please continue watching Continue watching 
And then 
As the car drove forward, there were surveillance cameras at every road section. 
However, after two minutes, Liang Liang found that the car had gone around the club. 
Then, the car suddenly disappeared from the surveillance. 
The police officer immediately explained, “I’ve been here before. There’s a blind spot between this surveillance camera and the next one that the surveillance camera can’t capture. Please continue to watch . 
He continued to read . 
Liang Liang continued to stare at it. 
After a few minutes, the car finally appeared at the next place it should have appeared. ?ne?. oｍ
The police officer stared at Liang Liang,”he disappeared for five minutes and this place is the backyard of the club. The wall there is not high, so we can climb over it According to wuhen’s skills, there should be no problem.” 
The police officer spoke again,”all of this, when put together, proves that wuhen did leave the room at 20 minutes. There was no time to kill. However, she did that to give herself an alibi. In fact, after she left, she came back!” 
‘ISO, the murderer of Qian Jin is Wu Hen!” 
Liang Liang felt as if he was struck by lightning by his resolute words. 
He stood rooted to the ground, staring at the video in disbelief. 
When the incident happened, he suspected Wu Hen. 
However, Lu nanze had used solid evidence to prove that Qiao Yiyi had not killed anyone. 
He felt guilty when he found out that he had wronged Qiao Yiyi. 
Therefore, he had never suspected her during this period of time. 
Even when Bai Anan was certain that it was her, and even when she told him the cause of her mother’s death, he still chose to believe in wuhen. 
But now 
What could he do when the truth was right in front of him
He walked out of the room in a daze and stared at everything in the police station. 
Everyone was in uniform and they were walking around to maintain social order. 
He recalled the slogan he had shouted on his first day at the police academy. 
He thought of the oath he had once made. 
Liang Liang couldn’t help but pick up his cell phone. He found Lu nanze’s number, which he hadn’t seen in a long time. He called him, but Lu nanze only picked up after a long time. 
Liang Liang was silent for a while and then said,””lf she really did kill someone, what should I do?” 
[PS: I’ve finished updating.. See you tomorrow– ]
###Chapter 2044 – : The End (4) 
After saying this, Liang Liang became silent. 
He waited quietly for the voice on the other end of the line. He didn’t know if the question was directed at Lu nanze or himself. 
If she really killed Qian Jin, what was he going to do
They’re just going to suppress the evidence and pretend that nothing happened? Or should he find her, lock her up, and let her be punished by the law
He looked straight ahead and hesitated for a moment, not knowing what to do. 
As soon as she said this, Lu nanze’s voice rang out from the other end of the line,”do you believe that she would kill someone?” 
Liang Liang was stunned. 
Do you believe it
In the depths of his heart, he probably believed it. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have started to suspect Wu Hen as soon as Qian Jin’s incident came out. Later, when he found out that it wasn’t her, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
And now … 
The evidence was almost complete, and those videos could be used as evidence. 
Plus, there was a reason for wuhen to kill Qian Jin 
How could he not believe that Wu Hen did not kill anyone
For a moment, he didn’t dare to speak. 
Lu nanze paused for a moment and said, “I know that wuhen is a famous thief. She has always been cruel and merciless. She’s also proud and arrogant. She always makes you think that she’s someone who will kill. But have you ever thought that she has killed anyone since she was born?” 
Liang Liang paused. 
Not counting Qian Jin, there didn’t seem to be any. 
It was normal for people in the underworld to fight to the death, but among those who were related to wuhen, they had never heard of someone dying. 
Lu nanze continued, “although she was in that dangerous environment, she had always held onto her bottom line.” So, Liang Liang, I can tell you clearly that I don’t believe she killed anyone. ” 
“I still stand by my words. From the beginning to the end, I believe in her.” 
Liang Liang was at a loss for words after hearing Lu nanze’s words. 
This was Lu nanze’s unreserved love for wuhen. 
Compared to him, she was really nothing. 
But now 
How would Lu nanze feel if he knew the truth
No, that’s not right . . 
Lu nanze must have found out the truth. Otherwise, the video sent to court would not only be the part where wuhen left. 
Since he had looked through the surrounding surveillance cameras, he must have seen what happened after that. 
Therefore, he was saying this to confuse himself so that he would not believe those videos 
Liang Liang couldn’t help laughing when he thought of this. 
Because of his guilt towards wuhen, he had almost believed Lu nanze’s words. 
This Lu nanze This Lu nanze! Even now, he was still protecting wuhen. 
However, he was her husband and it was only right for him to protect her. 
But he was just a police officer, a police officer of the people. 
Lu family. 
After he hung up, Lu nanze sat in his study, staring ahead quietly. 
He furrowed his brows. 
Liang Liang’s sudden phone call meant that he must have collected evidence against Wu Hen. 
He immediately thought of those videos. 
Only those videos could be used as evidence. 
Lu nanze frowned, feeling a headache coming on. 
What should he do now? He really regretted not destroying all those videos back then. 
As he was thinking, he suddenly noticed something. He looked up and saw Qiao Yiyi standing at the door with a cup of coffee. She had obviously heard the phone call.
###Chapter 2045 – The End (5) 
Lu nanze was taken aback. He put down his phone and stood up. 
He wanted to say something, but when he opened his mouth slightly, Qiao Yiyi walked in with a smile. 
She looked at Lu nanze and suddenly broke into a smile.”Your coffee is here.” 
She then walked up to Lu nanze and placed the coffee on his desk.”You’ve been keeping Kaka and I Company at home for the past few days. You’ve delayed a lot of work at work again. Have some coffee to refresh yourself. You’ll probably be busy until very late again tonight.” 
After she finished speaking, she looked up with a smile. Her homely look made Lu nanze’s heart ache. 
He hesitated and called out,”wuhen …” 
“You should just call me Yiyi.” 
Qiao Yiyi blinked.”I’m not wuhen anymore. Besides, wuhen isn’t my real name. It’s just a code name.” 
Wuhen was the thief God’s name. Every generation of the thief God in their family was called wuhen. 
Her mother and grandmother were both wuhen. 
Therefore, wuhen had no age. 
Qiao Yiyi was her real name. 
Besides Right now, she only wanted to be Qiao Yiyi. 
Lu nanze nodded and said,”okay Yiyi, just now 
“Hurry up and drink your coffee.” Qiao Yiyi pushed the coffée in front of him.”l’m going to coax Kaka to sleep.” 
Seeing that she did not want to discuss this topic, Lu nanze nodded. 
Then, he saw Qiao Yiyi walk out of the study room. He stared at his phone and started to daydream. 
It was impossible to let wuhen go to jail. 
But how could he destroy the so-called evidence
He pondered for a moment and frowned. 
After a while, he took a deep breath. 
This matter was really a dead end that could not be unraveled. 
He raised his head and looked outside the door. Then, he stood up and walked out of the room without dealing with the documents. 
Today, Kaka’s door was not closed. He stood not far away and could see Qiao Yiyi lying on the bed, reading a bedtime story to Kaka. 
She was particularly patient with Kaka, and her voice was gentle and full of love. 
She had been like this for the past few days. 
It was as if he had unloaded all his burdens and become a completely different person. 
She had put away all the coldness and pride she had as wuhen. She had become virtuous and gentle. It was so beautiful that it was unreal. Lu nanze always felt that this wuhen was like a bubble, as if she would disappear with a light touch. 
At this thought, Lu nanze felt a sense of fear. He didn’t even know what he was doing. 
He took a step forward and looked at the people in the room. 
Just as he was about to say something, Qiao Yiyi seemed to have sensed that someone was looking at him. She looked up. 
When she saw Lu nanze, she suddenly laughed and gestured for him to keep quiet. 
She continued to gently coax Kaka to sleep. 
Five minutes later, Kaka had fallen asleep. Qiao Yiyi stood up and walked out to look at Lu nanze.”Kaka is asleep.”” 
Lu nanze nodded and reached out to caress her head. “You don’t have to think about anything. I’ll think of something. ” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded. 
“Go to sleep,” Lu nanze said.”l’ll go through some documents.” 
He had to think of a way to avoid Liang Liangs search tonight. 
But just as he turned around, Qiao Yi suddenly grabbed his hand..
###Chapter 2046 – The End (6) 
He turned around in surprise. Qiao Yiyi was already pressed against him. 
The next moment, he felt her arms around his neck, and his lips were invaded by her softness. 
Lu nanze’s mind went blank. 
Qiao Yiyi’s voice was heard.”Deal with what documents? How about you deal with me first?” 
That night, Lu nanze was like a beast that had finally been released from its cage, savoring the taste of its meal. 
The two of them worked until late at night. Only then did Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi fall asleep. 
Lu nanze did not know how long he had slept, but he was jolted awake in the morning. 
Looking at the familiar bed and thinking of last night’s indulgence, he couldn’t help but smile. i?d. c?
He didn’t expect Qiao Yiyi to be so … Unruly when she got wild. He couldn’t let her go and couldn’t stop. 
As he thought about this, he turned his head and looked to the side, but it was already empty. 
He didn’t know why, but his heart felt empty, as if something was about to slip away from his life. 
He suddenly sat up, put on his slippers, and walked out of the room. 
He hurriedly went downstairs to look for her. 
She was not in the living room. 
There was nothing in the kitchen. 
There was no one in the back garden. 
She was nowhere to be found in the entire villa. 
Lu nanze’s heart began to beat wildly. 
“Yiyi!” He couldn’t help but shout. 
At this moment, they heard laughter coming from the greenhouse. There was also another person’s voice mixed in. 
He seemed to be relieved and ran over, only to find that Kaka was playing Legos with the nanny. It was not her. 
“Where’s your mother?”he could not help but ask. 
Kaka opened his mouth. “Mom woke up this morning and made breakfast for me. Then, she took me to play in the garden for a long time. Later, she said that she had something to do and wanted me to listen to dad.” 
Her words made Lu nanze feel even more uneasy. 
Listening to him 
This clearly seemed like he was leaving behind his last words. 
He suddenly realized something. Without even putting on his clothes, he ran out in his pajamas and slippers. The Butler was stunned.”Sir?” 
“Prepare the car.” 
‘Yes.” 
The car was readv when he reached the door. 
He got into the car. 
“Sir, where are we going?” the driver asked. 
Lu nanze lowered his gaze and replied, “the police station.” 
The driver was stunned, but he didn’t dare to say anything and started the car. 
At the entrance of the police station. 
Qiao Yiyi stood there, staring ahead. 
She stared at it quietly with her head tilted. 
Finally, she stepped forward. 
A police officer asked,”what are you doing?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s lips moved slowly. “I want …” 
Before she could finish her sentence, she suddenly heard someone call her from behind,””Yiyi!” 
Qiao Yiyi turned around and saw Lu nanze running out of the car. 
He shouted as he ran. 
Qiao Yiyi looked at him and suddenly laughed. 
Lu nanze was in his pajamas and his clothes were untidy, so the guards did not recognize him. Seeing him run in in a frenzy, a few of them immediately stopped him. 
One of the police officers asked Qiao Yiyi.”what exactly are you doing at the police station?” 
What was she here for
She was here to make the final decision. 
She had gotten her revenge for her mother and she had also seen Lu nanze’s sincerity. 
However, some things can’t just be over. 
For example, someone had to pay the price for Qian Jin’s death. 
As she thought of this, she looked at the police and slowly said,””I’m here to turn myself in.. “
###Chapter 2047 – The End (7) 
Surrender
“What did you do?” the police asked. 
“To kill.” 
As soon as she said this, the police took a step back and looked at her vigilantly. Someone took out a pair of handcuffs and arrested her without saying a word. Then, he pressed her shoulders and said,”follow me to the interrogation room and tell me what you’ve done!” 
As Qiao Yiyi was being pushed forward, she turned back and glanced at Lu nanze. 
Then, she smiled and opened her mouth. What she said surprised Lu nanze. She said,”Wait for me.” 
—— 
Lu nanze had already changed out of his pajamas and was wearing a suit. 
Liang Liang came in a hurry. Seeing Lu nanze, he said,””She pleaded guilty and admitted that she killed Qian Jin, but she said that Qian Jin caused her mother’s death. She took the initiative to plead guilty and apply for a lighter sentence.” 
Lu nanze did not say anything for a moment. 
After a moment, he asked,”what will be the final verdict?” 
Liang Liang sighed. “I’ve checked. The lightest sentence is 15 years in prison.” 
It had been fifteen years. 
Lu nanze suddenly laughed. 
Fifteen years later, she would be forty years old and a middle-aged woman. 
And he was already in his forties. 
However, he had already waited for five years, so what was 15 years
Thinking of this, he laughed. 
Liang Liang looked at his smile, narrowed his eyes, and sighed after a while. 
He had the evidence and was hesitating. 
Even this morning, when he looked at the recordings, he had the idea of burning them. 
However, before he could do anything, he received a call from the police. 
He had never thought that Qiao Yiyi would turn herself in. 
But now, from Lu nanze’s tone, it seemed that he didn’t want to do anything else. Was he going to wait for her for 15 years
He did not know what to do. 
However, Lu nanze stood up and walked towards the door. 
So what if she was in jail? she still had him and Kaka. 
He and Kaka would wait for her to come home. 
Thinking of this, his steps became light. 
Moreover, they could visit her often. Even when he had nothing to do, he could come to jail to accompany her 
Thinking of this, he walked to the door. Just as he opened the door, he heard the police say Liang, brother Liang! Someone has turned himself in!” 
Liang Liang stared at the old man in front of him. 
Uncle li smiled and looked at him.”l saw you when you were dating miss. But now, I can’t let Miss take the blame for me. 
Liang Liang was stunned.”But how can you prove that you killed Qian Jin?” 
Uncle li paused and smiled. “When miss came back, I had already killed Qian 
Jin.” 
He looked at Liang Liang,”miss doesn’t know the details of killing Qian Jin.” He thought that I didn’t torture Qian Jin, but in fact, I didn ‘T. Qian Jin was in great pain before he died. None of you might know why there were water stains and tissues at the scene of the murder. It was because I wet the tissues and put them on his face. After a few times, I finally killed him. ” 
Liang Liangyuan stood up straight at those words. 
At the scene of the murder, there was indeed a wet basin and a box of tissues, but no one thought so much at the time. So it was like this. 
‘Madam didn’t want miss to know the truth because she didn’t want miss to bear too much responsibility. However, I didn’t want those sinners to get away with it, so I encouraged miss. However, how could I let miss be stained with blood?” 
Uncle li stood up.”So, I’m the real murderer.” 
After Liang Liang’s strict supervision, he found out that uncle li was telling the truth. 
The court’s final decision: 
Qiao Yiyi was acquitted. 
Uncle li will be sentenced to 20 years in prison. 
[Author’s note: well, basically, the main story is over. There are still some things that haven’t been explained clearly, such as the wedding. I’ll put them in the side Story. I’ll continue to update and write some of their sweet scenes as a Side Story. Then, if you want to watch any small side Story, you can leave a message. I’ll write it carefully. But I’m not sure about the time and amount of updates.] I’m going out tomorrow-due to the typhoon, most of the flights might be delayed. I might not be able to reach the hotel tomorrow night, so the update time tomorrow is uncertain-xoxo-if there are no updates, everyone can come back to read i t the day after tomorrow–finally, I’ll announce my new book. The title is “Hello, my little sweetheart.” It’s scheduled to be released at 5 pm on September 8th. Xoxo—l hope everyone will support me when the time comes..
###Chapter 2048 – Bai Anan’S Ending (1) 
Ever since the last time she was in the hospital, the doctor had told her to stay in the hospital for half a month and then go home. 
When she heard that Qiao Yiyi had surrendered, she was so excited that she couldn’t control herself. 
“He deserved it!” She scolded Bai Mama. However, even if she turned herself in, she had lied to the court, so she definitely couldn’t be given a light sentence! Mom, contact my dad. A life for a life, and sentence her to death!” 
Mother Bai immediately nodded.”Alright, alright, I got it.” Don’t worry, I’ll remind your father. ” 
Bai Anan nodded and then frowned.”No, I have to go to the police station to see how this is going to be handled.” 
No matter how mother Bai tried to persuade her, she couldn’t change her mind. In the end, she had to give Bai Anan thick clothes and the two of them went to the police station. 
As soon as he entered, he heard director Bai discussing Qiao Yiyi’s sentence with Liang Liang. 
Director Bai frowned.”Although she didn’t cause a serial murder, she has affected us badly. We can’t let her continue this trend. If she gets a light sentence, everyone can take their own revenge in the future. What’s the point of the law?” 
Liang Liang couldn’t help but say, “her situation is different. Her mother’s death. Can our law solve her case
Director Bai laughed coldly. “He’s just a thief. If he’s dead, so be it. Why are we seeking justice for him?” 
Liang Liang frowned. “You can’t say that. She’s also a person worthy of respect.” 
Director Bai said in disdain,””Respect what? Alright, let’s not talk about this anymore. Let’s talk about the case ofWu Hen. I think it must be a death sentence! Even if it’s not a death sentence, you’ll have to slow it down!” 
Liang Liang immediately said, “no!” This is too heavy!” 
“Ha, a life for a life. She intentionally killed people. How is that heavy?” 
Liang Liang was about to say something when director Bai stood up. “It’s decided.” 
His attitude was very domineering. 
Liang Liang frowned. 
Director Bai waved at him. 
Liang Liang paused and said ruthlessly, “‘We can’t just let this matter rest. If director Bai thinks it’s inappropriate, I’ll go to the Attorney General of the court!” 
He turned around and wanted to leave. 
As soon as she turned around, she saw Bai Anan standing at the door. She sneered at them.”Do you really want to run for her that much?” She killed someone, and you still like her so much? Let me tell you, as long as my dad is the Bureau chief, she can forget about Living a Good Life! So what if you 
found the Attorney General for her? As long as she’S in the cell, believe it or not, even if she’s sentenced to a day of imprisonment, I can make her die without an intact corpse 
Liang Liang’s face turned pale. “Don’t you dare!” 
“I dare! How was it? Anyway, I’m barefooted now and I’m not afraid of wearing shoes!” 
Liang Liang was furious. He stared at her and said,”you, you I want a 
divorce ! ” 
“Divorce? What a joke. Do you know who is in charge of the marriage Department? If my dad doesn’t agree, who would dare to file for a divorce!” 
Liang Liang was so angry that he couldn’t say anything. 
He turned around and left. 
Looking at his back, Bai Anan’s eyes turned vicious. 
Director Bai couldn’t help but sigh. “1’11 be the bad guy here. That’s enough. Why are you so serious
Bai Anan sneered..”So what if I say that?” What can he do to me? Dad, as long as you’re the director, no one will dare to bully me!”
###Chapter 2049 – Bai Anan’S Ending (2) 
But what she didn’t expect was that uncle li would come in and turn himself in. 
According to the evidence, Liang Liang soon found that uncle li was the real murderer. Qiao Yiyi was acquitted! 
Bai Anan slammed the table in anger! 
When Qiao Yiyi was released from the detention center, she couldn’t help but rush to her.”You’re so lucky.” 
Qiao Yiyi didn’t even look at her and wanted to walk out. 
“Uncle li must have a special relationship with you,” Bai Anan said suddenly. 
Qiao Yiyi stopped in her tracks and turned around. She stared at her.”What do you mean by that?” 
“Heh, you’ve left, but have you ever thought of whose hands uncle li has fallen into?” 
Qiao Yiyi’s pupils shrank. 
“Wuhen, I’ll give you two choices,” Bai Anan said. 
“First, kneel down and kowtow to me! He also promised that he would never see Liang Liang again! I’ll let uncle li spend the next twenty years in prison in peace. ” 
“Second, if you leave like this, do you believe that you will receive the notice of uncle Li’s sudden death in half a month?” 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists in anger and glared at her. “Bai Anan, don’t you dare! ” 
“Do you think I dare? I want to take revenge for my child! You will have to pay the price in blood!” 
Qiao Yiyi stared at her. 
Bai Anan looked at her with a cold smile. “Now, kneel down.” 
Qiao Yiyi clenched her fists. 
Before she could make up her mind, Liang Liang had already rushed out. “Bai Anan, that’s enough!” 
“Enough?’V Bai Anan asked angrily. How was that possible? She’s the one who killed your child, how can you be so insensible?” i. 
“How did she kill your child?” Liang Liang asked with a headache. Did I touch you? Or did he drug you? You were the one who wanted to see her trial, you …” 
“Liang Liang!” Bai Anan shrieked and interrupted him.”Where is your heart? He could actually say such words! Do you know that I’m your wife! You’re still thinking about him even now! This is too much!” 
Liang Liang frowned and looked at Qiao Yiyi.”You can go out first. Lu nanze is waiting for you outside.” 
Qiao Yiyi nodded and gave Bai Anan a cold look. “You’d better watch your wife!” 
He turned around and walked out. 
However, he had only taken two steps when Bai Anan suddenly became angry.”lf you dare to leave this place, I’ll kill you immediately!” 
Qiao Yiyi turned around.”lf he dies, believe it or not, you’ll die too!” 
Bai Anan choked at Qiao Yiyi’s words. She watched as Qiao Yiyi walked out. 
She bit her lip and said to Qiao be so stubborn! I’ll give you three days! If you don’t come and kowtow to me and admit your mistake, then don’t blame me for being ruthless!” 
Qiao Yiyi ignored her. 
Bai Anan waited for three days, but Qiao Yiyi didn’t show up. Instead, Lu nanze showed up at director Bai’s place. 
Bai Anan had no idea what director Bai and Lu nanze had talked about. But after Lu nanze left, director Bai said with a smile,””Alright, alright. Lu nanze has agreed to give us fifty percent of his company’s shares. In exchange for the old man’s safety in the prison. ” 
Bai Anan’s eyes widened in excitement.”Really?” 
Director Bai thought of how Lu nanze had been trying to be patient and give in during the negotiation and could not help but laugh..
###Chapter 2050 – Bai Anan’S Ending (3) 
Lu nanze was the Overlord of this place. eα. ?m
Even director Bai had to put up with it sometimes, but just now, for his wife’s sake, he had actually lowered his head … 
Thinking about it, he felt secretly happy. 
Thinking of this, he patted Bai Anan’s shoulder.”Their family has lowered their head to us, and they have regained their dignity! Don’t make things difficult for that Wu Hen, he’s just a thief!” 
But Bai Anan felt that it was not enough. 
She had found an opportunity and finally met Qiao Yiyi. 
She immediately rushed up and sneered,””Qiao Yiyi, I’ve always said that you’re capable, but I didn’t expect that you’d still let a man help you when something happened! I would have forgiven you if you knelt down and kowtowed to me, but you went to find your man and my father. Hehehe … But your family really has a lot of money, thank you!” 
Qiao Yiyi looked at her as if she was looking at a lunatic. “I’m just afraid that you don’t have the Fortune to enjoy that much money!” 
Bai Anan’s face turned pale.”What do you mean
Qiao Yiyi’s phone rang before she could say anything. Mother Bai cried and shouted, “Anan, we’re finished! Your father has been taken away by the people from the Procuratorate! They said that someone had evidence and reported him for bribery!” 
After Bai Anan heard this, she thought about what Qiao Yiyi had just said and suddenly understood. She stared at Qiao Yiyi.”You Did you guys 
Qiao Yiyi pouted. “You reap what you sow!” 
Bai Anan’s face turned pale. Her legs gave way and she fell to the ground. 
Director Bai was reported for accepting too much bribery and was sent to the capital for trial. 
The Bai family had completely declined. 
All of the Bai family’s assets had been seized. 
Bai Anan and mother Bai ended up on the streets overnight. 
She looked at the people on the street in a daze. Finally, she started to look for Liang Liang like a crazy person! 
Liang Liang had just come out of the bank when she found him with the reporters. 
Bai Anan narrowed her eyes and ran up to Liang Liang.”Liang Liang, what are you doing here?” Are you transferring your assets? I’m telling you, even if my father is out of power, you can’t abandon me so quickly! I’ve brought reporters with me. If you dare to abandon me and not leave me a single cent, I’ll expose your matter and make your reputation go down the drain!” 
As soon as she said this, she saw Liang Liang staring at her with a little surprise. 
The last bit of feelings Liang Liang had for Bai Anan disappeared. 
He smiled bitterly and looked at the reporter. Then, he took out a bank 
card and handed it to Bai Anna.””There’s ?500000 Yuan in here. It’s my salary and income over the years. I’ll give them all to you. ‘ 
Bai Anan was stunned. 
Liang Liang stared at her. “And our house, we’ll give it to you.” 
“Anan, I’m willing to leave the marriage with nothing. Let’s get a divorce.” He reached out his hand and patted Bai Anan’s shoulder, then turned around and walked out. 
The plot changed so quickly that Bai Anan stared at the bank card in her hand for a long time. She finally came to her senses and ran to Liang Liang, crying. “Liang Liang, I don’t want money anymore. I only want you. We don’t want a divorce, don’t divorce 
Liang Liang was determined.”Anan, please let me go and let yourself go.” 
After he finished speaking, he ruthlessly pushed away her fingers that were holding onto him and strode away. 
Bai Anan fell to the ground and burst into tears. 
She had worked so hard for so many years and fought for so long, but in the end, everything was for nothing! 
[PS: is Bai Anan’s ending okay?] If everyone thinks that it’s not enough, then I’ll write more ruthlessly tomorrow-
###Chapter 2051: [Side Story: the surprise of walking out of the police station]
Translator: 549690339 
The day Qiao Yiyi was declared innocent and released, the weather was clear.
When she walked out of the police station, she saw Lu nanze standing at the door with Kaka in his arms, waiting for her quietly.
Qiao Yiyi’s eyes started to sting.
She knew that her decision to bear the consequences for uncle li had been selfish. To Lu nanze and Kaka, it was the same as giving up on them.
20 years …
20 years later, Kaka would have grown up and she would miss all of Kaka’s puberty.
And Lu nanze …
Twenty years later, they were all old.
Their best years would be spent in bitter suffering.
But she had no choice.
Uncle li was old, and he was avenging his mother. She couldn’t let uncle li go to jail.
However, she had forgotten that her feelings of protecting uncle li were the same as uncle Li’s feelings of protecting her.
Therefore, uncle li also turned himself in.
And now, the law had given the fairest judgment.
The person who had killed him back then was indeed uncle li.
Qiao Yiyi bit her lip. She wanted to thank uncle li for giving her the chance to be a mother and a wife.
She stood at the door and was thinking about all this. She looked at Lu nanze, not daring to go over. Then, she saw Kaka struggle out of Lu nanze’s arms and run into her arms.
“Mother!”
Kaka shouted loudly and then wailed.
She grabbed Qiao Yiyi’s sleeve tightly.”Mom, mom, you said you wouldn’t leave me. Mom, wuwuwu …”
Her heart ached as she cried.
She bit her lip, bent down, and hugged Kaka.
She coaxed Kaka and looked at Lu nanze with a guilty conscience.
The man stood in the same place without any expression on his face. He just stared at her.
Qiao Yiyi started to feel uneasy.
She knew that her decision to turn herself in had been very selfish and that Lu nanze must have been angry.
This was also the reason why she had left without saying goodbye.
If she were to tell Lu nanze, he would definitely not agree.. Cｍ
But now …
With Kaka in her arms, she walked step by step towards Lu nanze. She was struggling with how to explain this to him. Just as she was struggling with this, Lu nanze suddenly took a step back.
That posture …
Could it be that he still wanted to hit him?
Qiao Yiyi immediately became alert. But the next second, she saw Lu nanze get down on one knee in front of her.
Then, he took out a ring from his pocket and handed it to her, saying,””Yiyi, Will you marry me?”
Qiao Yiyi was speechless.
Qiao Yiyi’s mind went blank.
She stared at Lu nanze in disbelief and shock.
On the other side, the man was handsome, the woman was gentle and beautiful, and the little loli was lively and cute. So even if they were just standing quietly at the side, even if Lu nanze didn’t bring any bodyguards with him to clear the way, he still attracted a lot of attention.
There were a lot of people who came to the police station to do things. They all stood there and looked at them.
No one knew why he had to propose at the police station.
However, looking at them, someone couldn’t help but jeer,”agree to him, agree to him!”
Her tears blurred her vision.
Qiao Yiyi had thought that Lu nanze would blame her and get angry at her. She had never expected that he would give her such a surprise when she walked out of the police station.
She bit her lip and reached out to hold his hand.”Aren’t we already husband and wife?”
Lu nanze lowered his eyes and said,”but I still owe you a wedding.”
###Chapter 2052 – [Side Story: Innocent Playmate (1)]
Lu nanze and Qiao Yiyi’s wedding was Grand.
Lu nanze seemed determined to make up for the five years they had lost.
He had always been an arrogant person, so everything at the wedding had to be the best.
So much so that, after a long time, when this wedding was mentioned, everyone would show an amazed look.
Qiao Lian and Shen liangchuan were also present at the wedding.
Qiao Yiyi saw them when they entered the lobby.
The two of them sat in the VIP seats like a perfect couple. Qiao Lian had a peaceful smile on her face and looked like she was having a good time.
From afar, Qiao Lian saw her and smiled at her.
Qiao Yiyi was stunned.
She recalled how she had risked her life to steal the ginseng from the Xu family and gave it to her. Because of that, she had been separated from Lu nanze for five years …
Now that she thought about it, she felt that those things in the past were nothing.
In the face of life and love, all the struggles seemed a little ridiculous.
She was a little dissatisfied at first, but at this moment, she was completely relieved.
After she and Lu nanze became husband and wife, they were one.
Lu nanze owed Qiao Lian, so it was only right that she return the favor.
But now, all the love debts between both sides had been cleared. From now on, they could be friends.
Qiao Yiyi smiled and nodded at Qiao Lian.
After the wedding, she and Lu nanze started to make toasts.
When it was Qiao Lian’s turn, both of them stood up.
When Lu nanze saw Qiao Lian, his expression had already turned calm.
It was as if he had seen a little sister living a happy life. He thought that he had completely let go of Qiao Lian.
The two pairs clinked their glasses.
Qiao Yiyi smiled and asked, “Why don’t I see the child?”
At the mention of the child, Qiao Lian’s face was full of smiles.”He’s a naughty boy. He went out to play after not seeing him for a while.”
A few years ago, she had given birth to a boy. After discussing with Shen liangchuan, they had named him Shen Wuxin.
It could be considered as a memento of Soul Fighter.
Shen Wuxin was now five years old and had his own way of thinking.e?. 
Sometimes, when Qiao Lian tried to reason with him, he would always give her a headache.
It was just that little Wuxin knew that his mother had suffered a huge loss when she gave birth to him, so he was very accommodating and caring towards Qiao Lian. At such a young age, he had been coaxing Qiao Lian every day. The children in the family were like Qiao Lian. She was pampered by two men every day and grew younger and younger.
After Qiao Lian mentioned Shen Wuxin, she looked at Qiao Lian and asked, “where’s your child?”
Qiao Yiyi also laughed.”Kaka, isn’t she over there ..”
As he spoke, he turned his head and looked at where Kaka had been standing. However, when he turned his head, he realized that Kaka had disappeared.
Qiao Yiyi was speechless.
Lu nanze said, “the security here is very tight. Don’t worry. The child will be fine.”
The two women nodded.
Meanwhile, in the garden outside the hotel.
Shen Wuxin felt that the wedding was a little boring. He was so small and he was walking on the road.
Just as she was looking around for something interesting to play with, a person suddenly ran over.
Shen Wuxin couldn’t avoid it in time, and the two children bumped into each other!
“Aiya!” Kaka was shocked.”Why don’t you open your eyes when you walk?”
Shen Wuxin was speechless..
###Chapter 2053 – [Side Story: Innocent Playmate (2)]
Shen Wuxin was helpless. Who was the one who walked without eyes?
Shen Wuxin snorted coldly as he looked at the Shorty in front of him.
He had been the little Overlord of the Shen family since he was young. When had Shen Wuxin ever suffered such grievances?
He immediately said,”are your eyes on the back of your head? Shortie!”
Kaka was instantly enraged.”Who are you calling a Shorty?”
“You … Aren’t you just a Shorty?”
Kaka was anxious.”I’m still young!”
“How old are you?” Shen Wuxin asked.
“Four years old.”
“I’m five years old. Although I’m one year older than you, I wasn’t as short as you when I was four. ”
Kaka …
Kaka stared at Shen Wuxin and reached out his little hand to push him away.”Are you looking for a beating?”
Aiyo~
He still dared to make a move!?n?а. ?m
Shen Wuxin was so angry that he laughed. He grabbed Kaka’s clothes and said,”I won’t bully a little kid. I’ll beat you up even if I let you use one hand!”
Kaka …
Kaka stared at Shen Wuxin and reached out his little hand to push him away. “Are you looking for a beating?”
Aiyo-
He still dared to make a move!
Shen Wuxin was so angry that he laughed. He grabbed Kaka’s clothes and said,”l won’t bully a little kid. I’ll beat you up even if I let you use one hand!”
The two proud children began to fight.
After a few moves, Shen Wuxin twisted Kaka’s two small hands with one hand. He had the upper hand and was lecturing her telling you, if you fight with this young master, you won’t be able to beat me even if I give you one more kick! Tsk-l’d better go home and continue practicing for a few more years!” Kaka couldn’t win, so he cried out loud.
Shen Wuxin sneered.”You’re crying because you can’t win? do you think you’re a girl?”
As soon as he said this, Kaka immediately stopped crying and turned to look at him angrily.”Don ‘t, don’t be proud. I, I’m telling you ? ” Before he could finish his words, Kaka suddenly smiled slyly.
Shen Wuxin was stunned.
Immediately, he felt his waist loosen, and his pants turned cold!
He looked down and saw that his belt had been taken away, and his pants had fallen down!
Shen Wuxin immediately let go of Kaka and grabbed his pants!
Kaka had already run two steps. He turned back, stuck out his tongue at him, made a face, and shook his belt in his hand. Then he threw it into the pool next to you don’t know shame, you shameless bastard! Taking off his pants in public, hahahaha-
She might not be good at martial arts, but don’t forget that her mother was Wu
Hen!
After laughing, Kaka ran away immediately.
Shen Wuxin stood where he was, and his face was livid with anger. However, the belt was in the water, so he had no choice but to hold it with both hands.
Shen Wuxin was no longer interested in playing. He pulled up his pants and walked toward the banquet.
When he arrived at the banquet, he put his two small hands into his pockets and pulled up his pants. He looked for Qiao Lian, intending to ask her to get him a belt.
He slowly walked up to Qiao Lian and called out, “mom
Qiao Lian lowered her head and smiled.”Where have you been? There’s a little brother here, and I want to introduce him to you. You can play with him later. Here, this is Kaka .
Qiao Lian turned around and stood in front of her, acting like a well-behaved and sensible girl.
Shen Wuxin!
When Kaka saw Shen Wuxin, he was also a little surprised. But when he saw his expression, he immediately understood something.
Her big black eyes rolled around, and then she stretched out her hand with a smile and handed the chocolate to Shen Wuxin. “Brother, this is for you.”
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
If he didn’t accept the chocolates, the elders would definitely think that he was unkind and insensible.
But he was holding his pants! How to answer?
[Author’s note: This is just a small drama, and it’ll be updated from time to time. Well, it’s the girl’s business, don’t worry. As her father, we’ve lived together for so long. Lu nanze must have known about it. He just didn’t point it out..]
###Chapter 2054 – [Side Story: Innocent Playmate (3)]
Shen Wuxin’s eyes widened and he looked at Kaka angrily.
Kaka blinked and then continued to ask sweetly,””Brother Wuxin, why don’t you eat? Or do you not like me, so you don’t eat my food?”
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
Why was this person so dramatic!
However, at this moment, the group of adults around them had already turned to look at the two children.
Qiao Lian raised her eyebrows and looked at Shen Wuxin questioningly.
If Shen Wuxin didn’t take it, everyone would definitely think that he was disobedient and unruly.
Shen Wuxin furrowed his brows and said,””Then you feed me!”
Kaka …
Kaka put the chocolate into Shen Wuxin’s mouth.
Shen Wuxin, who had never liked chocolate, forced himself to eat it.
In particular, the chocolate had been held in Kaka’s hand for a long time and was a little hot. The taste when it was eaten …
Shen Wuxin wanted to vomit.
Qiao Yiyi was the first to laugh. “I didn’t expect the two children to be so close. Let’s see if they can become friends!”
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
Kaka…
The two children laughed at the same time, and then immediately stuck out their tongues at each other!
Only a ghost would be good friends with the other party!
After eating the chocolate, Shen Wuxin?s smile was very sweet. After greeting the elders, he pulled Qiao Lian along and explained the matter of the belt.
The child usually wore clothes without a belt. Today was Qiao Yiyi’s wedding, so she wore a tailor-made suit and a belt.
Who would have thought that he would drop his belt into the water!
Qiao Lian looked at him as if she had seen a ghost, making Shen Wuxin feel very embarrassed.
He decided that he had to get back his face!
In Beijing, he was the king of the children, and everyone listened to him. He couldn’t lose to a four-year-old boy like this!
Shen Wuxin, who had changed his pants, stared at Kaka.
After staring at it for a long time, he finally saw that Kaka couldn’t stand the loneliness and quietly slipped away to play.
Shen Wuxin followed behind Kaka and ran out together.
Kaka was in front. He found a small stone and squatted there to play.
Shen Wuxin ran over quietly and launched a surprise attack!
He directly lifted Kaka’s two legs.
After all, he was one year older than her. Moreover, Kaka was a girl and was only a little smaller than a boy, so Shen Wuxin easily picked her up and took off her pants.
He gave her a tight slap on her fair and tender butt!
“How dare you scheme against this young master, this young master will make you unable to find the North!”
After he was done, he threw her on the ground, patted his hands, and stared at her.”Hmph! You let me be naked once, and I let you be naked once. Now we’re even Uh, where’s your little penis?!”
Shen Wuxin took a look at little Kaka, who was looking at his butt. Because the shirt was a little long, he couldn’t see it clearly, but he still saw the part where a boy’s little penis should be bulging, so he was surprised.
Kaka looked down at him and then
‘Waa!”
She opened her mouth and burst into tears!
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
Shen Wuxin finally realized that he seemed to have made a mistake!
He stuttered in shock,””Y-y-you’re a girl?”
Kaka paused for a moment, then immediately pulled up his pants and started crying again.
Shen Wuxin hurriedly chased after her.”YVhy are you crying?” Chen, don’t cry
It’s my fault, okay? I, I saw your ass, why don’t you Shen Wuxin gritted his teeth. “Forget it. I’ll marry you when you grow up!”
[PS: eh? do you guys still have monthly votes?]
###Chapter 2055 (End) – [Side Story: Innocent Playmate (4)]
She stopped crying and turned back to look at him.
Shen Wuxin heaved a sigh of relief.
“You’re quite good-looking, I’ll marry you!”Kaka said.
“It’s a boy who marries a girl,”Shen Wuxin replied.
“Why?” Kaka was curious.
“Because boys are better than girls!”
“But I’m better at stealing belts than you,” Kaka said.
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
“Let’s not talk about that. Something else. ”
Kaka thought for a while.
“You see,” Shen Wuxin said.”I’m taller than you.”
Kaka was anxious.”But I’m still long!”
Shen Wuxin: “I’m growing too. You’re one year older, and I’m one year older too. I’ll definitely be taller than you.”
“…It seems, right.”
“I’m better at studying than you,”Shen Wuxin continued.
Kaka didn’t like studying the most. When he heard this, he admitted frankly,”Yes, that’s right.”
“I eat more than you.”
Kaka’s eyes widened.
“I’m stronger than you!”
Kaka touched his chin and was a little anxious.
“That’s why I want to marry you! You marry me—”
Shen Wuxin raised his chin arrogantly, looking extremely cute.
Kaka frowned.
“I can still stand and pee,” Shen Wuxin continued.”Can you?
Kaka shook his head.
She didn’t know enough about the difference between men and women, so she definitely wouldn’t have thought that women could have children.
She racked her brain.
He couldn’t always be more powerful than Shen Wuxin!
However, what did she have that was better than Shen Wuxin?
He thought hard, thought hard.
Suddenly, her eyes lit up. She looked at Shen Wuxin and said,””I’ve got it! I can do one thing, but you definitely can ‘t!”
“What?”
“I can attend my parents ‘wedding, can you?
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
He really couldn’t do this!
Other than a few other people, who else in the world can attend my parents ‘wedding!
Shen Wuxin frowned. He couldn’t show his fear in front of this little kid!
So Shen Wuxin looked up and said, “I, I’ll ask my parents to hold another wedding!” Hmph!”
Kaka laughed innocently.
Shen Wuxin ran back to the wedding venue and stopped in front of Qiao Lian. He looked up at her and asked,”mom, what do I have to do to get you to hold another wedding?”
Qiao Lian smiled immediately. “You can only have a wedding once in a lifetime.”
“Then what should we do? Can’t I attend mom and dad’s wedding?”
Qiao Lian thought to herself,’so you actually participated? And you even participated in the entire process!”
Shen Wuxin’s eyes widened.”Huh?”
“You were in mom’s stomach at that time!” She said.
Shen Wuxin was speechless.
So, how was he going to marry Kaka?
This seemed to be a headache!
[Author’s note: New book released on September 9th. The new book group has been created. The group name is little sweetheart.” 488154450, let’s join the new book group-on September 9th at 7 p.m., I’ll hold an exchange event in the group. At that time, lucky readers will be selected and they’ll give you merchandise for the new book—in addition, on September 9th , I’ll hold a King of haters event, which will be live-streamed on Penguin e-sports. “Friends who want to join me in the chat, please add the cute young master King chat group.
The group ID is: 105878684, I’ll pick some friends in the group to play with! I’ll be waiting for you in the group-there are a lot of new book activities, and I’ve prepared a lot of prizes for everyone!
New book “Hello, my little sweetheart”, September 9th.. See you there!
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

